The star iris from "Jail Break" opens up, showing the Crystal Gems again, standing in front of the burning wreckage of the Gem Warship and looking out to sea, after Malachite dragged herself into the ocean. Steven is still on his phone with Connie from the previous episode.
Pearl says: "That could have gone..."
Pearl says: "a lot worse."
Garnet says: "Could have gone a lot better too."
Garnet looks at the burning broken pieces of the warship scattered all around the Lighthouse hill and the Crystal Temple.
Connie says: "*through Steven's phone* Steven?"
Connie says: "I got your message."
Connie says: "..."
Connie says: "Steven?"
Connie says: "What happened?"
Amethyst says: "We won!"
Amethyst grabs Steven by surprise and twirls him around in joy. Lion inches in and nuzzles Steven.
Connie says: "*on phone, from her home* Is that Amethyst?"
Connie says: "Ah..."
Connie says: "what's going on?"
Connie says: "You said that there's some kind of giant space hand and you all may die?"
Amethyst says: "*yells through the phone* Wooohooo!"
Amethyst says: "Ye-he-he-he!"
Steven says: "Connie!"
Steven says: "You're not going to believe what happened."
Steven says: "Where do I even start?!"
Steven says: "!"
Amethyst says: "*off screen* I see you, P!"
Steven says: "It's been a madhouse over here."
Lion walks away and leaps off. Amethyst hugs Pearl over-exaggeratedly.
Pearl says: "Amethyst!"
Pearl says: "That's enough celebrating."
Greg then arrives around the corner in his van.
Steven says: "Huh?"
Greg says: "STEVEN!"
Steven says: "Dad!"
Steven says: "*turns to Connie on the phone* Connie I-I have to go."
Steven says: "I promise I'll call you back."
Steven says: "*hangs up his phone* Dad's back!"
Steven says: "Dad's back!"
Greg says: "*running to Steven* Oh!"
Greg says: "Thank goodness you're okay!"
Greg says: "*hugs Steven tightly* Mmmmm!"
Greg says: "I saw the spaceship start to leave and then it crashed so I came back and..."
Greg says: "*sees Steven's black eye* Ohhh..."
Greg says: "Your eye..."
Greg says: "But you're okay!"
Greg says: "I guess those jerks were no match for the Crystal Gems!"
Steven says: "No way, they were super strong!"
Greg says: "But you were able to beat them back?"
Steven says: "No."
Steven says: "They totally stomped us!"
Steven says: "This warrior, Jasper, was super beefy and knocked me unconscious."
Steven says: "Then they abducted me onto the ship because they wanted to take me away forever."
Steven says: "And then we crashed the ship and I almost died!"
Greg says: "*increasingly worried and panicked* What did they want with you?!"
Greg says: "!"
Steven says: "They think I'm Mom."
Greg says: "*stammering* A-are more Homeworld Gems gonna come after you?"
Steven says: "I..."
Steven says: "uh..."
Steven says: "I don't know."
Steven says: "Maybe?"
Greg says: "*clearly distraught* Steven."
Greg says: "I-I'm supportive and very proud of you."
Greg says: "And I'll be right back."
Greg says: "*runs back into his van* Got to calm down."
Greg says: "Where's my..."
Greg says: "*picks up lots of CDs from the back of the van* Where's my relaxing music CD?"
Greg says: "This one?"
Greg says: "*puts a CD in the radio, and death metal music starts to play* Wrong one!"
Greg says: "Stop!"
Greg says: "Eject!"
Steven watches the commotion as Greg tries to calm himself down, when his phone starts to ring again, realizing it is Connie. He looks back at his clearly-panicking dad as his van breaks down.
Time Skip - Morning.
Steven is walking along the beach, staring at Connie's contact on his phone and mumbling to himself.
Steven says: "Now Connie."
Steven says: "Please don't freak out."
Steven says: "But a giant laser hand tried to steal me into space."
Steven says: "But it didn't, it didn't."
Steven says: "I'm back and everything is fine..."
Steven says: "now..."
Steven approaches the Big Donut and realizes the glass door and windows are broken. He starts running away when his phone rings again. He continues mumbling to him, not picking up the call.
Steven says: "Um..."
Steven says: "Connie."
Steven says: "Funny story."
Steven says: "As it turns out, there's a lot more Gems out there than we thought."
Steven says: "And I think they wanna..."
Steven says: "kill me?"
Steven says: "Aghhh!"
Steven says: "Ughhh!"
Steven walks along the boardwalk when he accidentally trips over a broken parts of the Gem warship. He looks around and see the boardwalk area littered in rubble and pieces of the warship. His phone rings again, startling him.
Steven says: "*chuckles nervously* Hey Connie that..."
Steven says: "that message I left you was—"
Steven says: "was just a dream."
Steven says: "*chuckles* Eh, she's too smart for that..."
Steven runs away from the scene. He starts treading up a hill overlooking Beach City, panting heavily and irritated by his phone constantly. He then looks around the hill and observes the broken wreckage of the Gem warship on the beach in discomfort.
Ronaldo says: "*appears from behind* Yooo!"
Steven says: "Oh!"
Steven says: "Hey Ronaldo."
Ronaldo says: "Didn't you hear?"
Ronaldo says: "Mayor Dewey is calling everyone back into the city."
Ronaldo says: "We can go home now."
Steven looks at Ronaldo sadly.
Ronaldo says: "Oh!"
Ronaldo says: "I see..."
Ronaldo says: "you come up here to brood too."
Steven says: "Brood?"
Ronaldo says: "Yes, Steven."
Ronaldo says: "That's just what people like us do."
Ronaldo says: "Suffer quietly, shouldering the knowledge no one else can bear."
Steven says: "Hm."
Ronaldo says: "As an aficionado of the weird yourself, you've probably noticed ordinary people fear the cold, leaded anchor of the truth."
Ronaldo says: "The abyss is no Sunday swan drive."
Steven says: "I know!"
Steven says: "My dad flipped out when I told him."
Ronaldo says: "*sternly* Sounds typical."
Ronaldo says: "But it's a good reminder."
Ronaldo says: "This is no easy path we've chosen here."
Ronaldo says: "There are..."
Ronaldo says: "sacrifices."
Ronaldo says: "Look at them all down there, Steven."
Ronaldo says: "*points towards Beach City* It's our duty to let those simple people live out their simple lives, without ever knowing the burden of being friends with us."
Steven says: "At least we can be there for each other."
Ronaldo says: "Is that giant hand from the sky sitting right in the middle of the beach?!"
Ronaldo says: "!"
Ronaldo says: "I gotta get some of this for my blog!"
Ronaldo runs off. Steven continues staring out from the Brooding Hill and he starts to sing "Full Disclosure".
Steven says: "Everybody told me Gem stuff's dangerous."
Steven says: "/ I guess I didn't believe it until now, / Dad always seemed apprehensive, / And now he's really freaking out, / What do I do?"
Steven says: "/ I don't want that for you."
Steven's phone then starts ringing again. Steven quickly retrieves it from his pocket and places it away, covering his ears. The phone eventually stops ringing, and Steven keeps singing.
Steven says: "♫ Everybody tells me life is precious."
Steven says: "/ On the planet Earth, and that means you, / And I have to protect you."
Steven says: "/ What if somehow you get hurt?"
Steven says: "/ What do I do?"
Steven says: "/ I don't want that for you."
Steven's phone rings again, and Steven, dropping his phone in panic, keeps singing to the tune of his ringtone.
Steven says: "♫ Wo-o-o-o-oh..."
Steven says: "/ Wo-o-o-o-oh..."
Steven says: "/ Wo-o-o-o-oh..."
Steven says: "/ Wo-o-o-o-oh..."
Steven keeps staring from the Brooding Hill in deep stress, as he thinks back about the events in "The Return" and "Jail Break".
Steven says: "♫ What am I gonna tell you?"
Steven says: "/ You're better off not knowing the trouble I'm in."
Steven says: "/ I don't want you to worry about what I've just seen, / About where I've just been."
Steven says: "/ You don't have to be a part of this, / I don't think I want you to be."
Steven says: "/ You don't need this."
Steven says: "/ You don't need me..."
Steven's phone starts ringing again.
Steven says: "♫ Wo-o-o-o-oh..."
Steven says: "/ Wo-o-o-o-oh..."
Steven says: "/ Wo-o-o-o-oh..."
Steven says: "/ Wo-o-o-o-oh..."
Steven says: "/ Wo-o-o-o-oh..."
Steven says: "/ Wo-o-o-o-oh..."
Steven says: "/ Wo-o-o-o-oh..."
Steven says: "/ Wo-o-o-o-oh..."
As Steven's song concludes, Steven picks up his phone, stares out to the warship wreckage, and finally decides to swipe the "Decline" icon on his phone, ignoring Connie's call. He then puts on a determined facade and walks off the Brooding Hill.
Trans. Int. Beach House.
The Crystal Gems are back inside Steven's home. The Gems are already discussing the next course of action, while Steven is staring out the windows.
Amethyst says: "Oh, come on."
Garnet says: "No whining."
Garnet says: "We need to start cleaning up debris."
Pearl says: "Garnet's right."
Pearl says: "People are already coming back into town."
Steven says: "We've got to keep them off the beach."
Steven says: "If any humans got access to gem technology, they could really hurt themselves."
Steven says: "*closes the window blinds* Maybe we should shut them out."
Steven says: "For good."
Pearl says: "You know..."
Pearl says: "We did once have a fence."
Pearl says: "Let's get a new one."
Pearl says: "With barbed wire!"
Amethyst says: "This time, let's build a moat."
Amethyst says: "I could be..."
Amethyst says: "*shapeshifts her head into a crocodile* The crocodile!"
Amethyst says: "Jazz hands!"
Garnet says: "No."
Amethyst says: "Why not?"
Pearl says: "You always say you'll be the crocodile, but you never commit!"
Amethyst shapeshifts her head back to normal.
Garnet says: "No fence either."
Pearl says: "Garnet!"
Amethyst says: "Garnet!"
Garnet says: "Steven needs to see his father and his friends."
Steven says: "No, I don't!"
Steven says: "I can't keep clinging to the vestiges of my humanity."
Steven says: "It's time I got serious."
Steven's phone rings again in his pocket, causing him to cringe and moan.
Pearl says: "Steven?"
Pearl says: "Why is your communication device making that sound?"
Steven says: "It's Connie, trying to call me, but I can't face her anymore."
Pearl says: "So you're just going to ignore her, forever?"
Steven says: "It's the responsible thing to do."
Amethyst says: "*peeking thorough the blinds* It's gonna be hard, 'cause she's coming up the steps right now."
Steven says: "What?!"
Steven says: "!"
Connie climbs up the stairs to the Beach House and knocks on the door. Pearl comes and opens it.
Pearl says: "Oh!"
Pearl says: "Hello, Connie..."
Connie says: "Is Steven home?"
While Pearl and Connie are talking, Steven tries to sneak out the window and past behind Connie.
Pearl says: "No..."
Connie says: "Is he okay?"
Connie says: "I'm just really worried."
Connie says: "He hasn't been answering his phone."
Connie says: "What's going on?"
Pearl says: "Uh..."
Pearl says: "I-I don't know."
Pearl says: "I don't understand your human relationships."
Pearl says: "So..."
Pearl says: "uhm..."
Pearl says: "goodbye!"
Connie moans in dismay as she walks to the porch, and sees Steven running on the beach.
Connie says: "Steven!"
Connie gives chase as Steven runs towards the warship wreckage, panting heavily.
Connie says: "Steven!"
Steven runs into a broken corridor of the Gem Warship, and Connie follows suit. When she emerges thought it, she cannot find Steven anywhere, not knowing he is hiding behind a  broken finger of the ship.
Connie says: "Steven?"
Connie says: "Steven?!"
Connie says: "!"
Connie says: "Are you in trouble?"
Connie says: "Is something wrong?"
Connie says: "Did I do something wrong?"
Connie says: "Uuuuuhh..."
Connie takes out her phone and dials for Steven. Steven's phone then starts ringing but Steven immediately hangs it up. There is a brief silence as Connie keeps looking around.
Connie says: "Steven, I know you're here!"
Connie says: "Why are you hiding from me?"
Steven takes a deep breath and texts a message on his phone to Connie.
Connie says: "*reads from her phone* "I don't wanna be friends anymore"?"
Connie, slightly dismayed, dials Steven again. Steven's phone rings again and Steven finally picks it up.
Connie says: "Steven?"
Steven says: "I can't be with you anymore, I have a destiny."
Connie says: "Say it to my face!"
Connie says: "Say you don't want to be friends anymore!"
Connie says: "If you can do that..."
Connie says: "If you can do that, I'll leave you alone."
Connie says: "And I'll just go back to having no friends."
Connie says: "*starts tearing up* But I won't believe it until you say it to my face!"
Connie gasps as she sees Steven climbing atop the finger piece, with a shadow casted over his face. He grunts as he leaps off the finger and stand in front of Connie.
Connie says: "Well?"
Steven says: "*slowly lifts his face, crying heavily* I still wanna be friends!"
Connie says: "*gasps* Steven, your eye!"
Connie says: "What happened to you?"
Steven says: "I didn't want you to worry about it."
Connie says: "I've been worried sick all day, what do you think I'm doing here?"
Steven says: "I just wanted to protect you."
Connie says: "Stop."
Connie says: "Just tell me everything."
Steven sniffles as he receives a hug from Connie.
Time Skip — Later that day.
Steven and Connie are sitting on the beach, discussing everything that had happened.
Connie says: "So, Lapis and Jasper are somewhere underwater."
Steven says: "Yeah, and..."
Steven says: "Peridot escaped while the ship was coming down."
Steven says: "She could be anywhere."
Connie says: "That is a lot to take in."
Steven says: "Are you okay?"
Connie says: "Are you okay?"
Connie says: "You're the one that's been through everything."
Connie says: "The least I could do is just listen."
Steven says: "I can't ask you to do that."
Connie says: "I want to, Steven."
Connie says: "I want to be a part of your universe."
Greg then comes driving in on his van.
Greg says: "Kiddo!"
Greg says: "There you are!"
Greg says: "Oh hey Connie, do you need a ride home?"
Steven says: "Oh, Dad, are you doing okay?"
Greg says: "I got it out of my system."
Greg says: "I'm back to being your cool dad."
Greg begins driving Steven and Connie through Beach City, as life, as long with its citizens, is slowly returning back into town. Greg then drives out of the town, and the star iris zooms in on the back of the van, ending the episode.
END.