Open on Beach House.
Steven is about to do some spring cleaning in his room.
Steven says: "*brings in an empty box speaks to someone in his room* Okay, everyone."
Steven says: "I think we all know what's going on here."
Steven says: "I'm sure you knew this day was coming sooner or later."
It reveals that Steven is talking to his action figures.
Steven says: "I understand your concern, but that language was inappropriate."
Steven says: "I'm a Crystal Gem, I'm a big boy now."
Steven says: "And I got to stop saying stuff like, "I'm a big boy now"."
Steven starts putting his action figures into the box.
Steven says: "Look, I'm sure this is tough, but let's all be positive about this."
Steven says: "*sees his "Ninja Squad" poster on his wall* Man, I guess I can't be in the Ninja Squad anymore."
Steven says: "Get out of my life, Ninja Squad!"
Steven says: "*takes down the poster, and replaces it with a new one* Yeah!"
Steven says: "New Ninja Squad!"
Steven finishes up his spring cleaning and prepares to leave with a box full of old belongings.
Steven says: "Mm."
Steven says: "That's everything for now."
Steven says: "Hmm?"
Steven says: "*sees a teddy bear on the floor and picks it up* Oh."
Steven says: "Master of Ceremonies Bear Bear."
Steven says: "*talks to it sadly* I guess..."
Steven says: "I should get rid of you, too?"
Steven says: "*smiles again* Nah."
Steven says: "You never know when I'll need a cool DJ for a fun party, right?"
Steven starts climbing down the steps of his room, when he accidentally steps on a tennis ball. He trips and gets flung into the air. He screams as he falls, only to be caught by Garnet at the bottom of the steps.
Steven says: "Uh..."
Steven says: "Garnet!"
Garnet says: "Good morning to you, Steven."
Steven says: "Boy, I sure am lucky you showed up when you did."
Garnet says: "*puts Steven down* Luck's got nothing to do with it."
Steven says: "Wait."
Steven says: "What do you mean by that?"
Garnet says: "*kneels down too to help Steven* Don't worry about it."
Steven says: "No, seriously."
Steven says: "How do you always know where to be?"
Garnet says: "Mmm."
Garnet says: "*smiles and hands Master of Ceremonies Bear Bear to Steven* I don't think you can handle that information."
Steven says: "Are you gonna tell me something cool about yourself?"
Garnet says: "Nope."
Steven says: "*frowns* Aw, come on."
Steven says: "I'm a b-..."
Steven says: "large..."
Steven says: "man now."
Garnet says: "Well..."
Garnet says: "I guess you could say that I have a sort of..."
Garnet says: "future vision."
Garnet says: "I'm able to see possible outcomes to most situations, which comes in handy since you seem to attract a lot of danger."
Steven says: "*smirks* Well, danger is my middle name."
Garnet says: "That's a lie."
Garnet says: "Your middle name, is cutie-pie."
Steven says: "Haaa!"
Trans. Beach.
Garnet and Steven are seen working out on the beach, in rhythm to a stereo playing an exercise track similar to the Korean National Gymnastics track.
Stereo says: "*in Korean* Let's exercise!"
Stereo says: "Cha!"
Stereo says: "One..."
Stereo says: "two!"
Stereo says: "..."
Stereo says: "Two..."
Stereo says: "two!"
Stereo says: "..."
Stereo says: "Three..."
Stereo says: "two!"
Stereo says: "..."
Stereo says: "Four..."
Stereo says: "two!"
Stereo says: "..."
Stereo says: "Five..."
Stereo says: "two!"
Stereo says: "..."
Stereo says: "Six..."
Stereo says: "two!"
Stereo says: "..."
Stereo says: "Seven..."
Stereo says: "two!"
Stereo says: "..."
Stereo says: "Eight..."
Stereo says: "two!"
Stereo says: "..."
Garnet then summons her gauntlets while Steven picks up a pair of dumbbells, and they continue some weightlifting exercises.
Stereo says: "*in Korean* Continue!"
Stereo says: "One..."
Stereo says: "two!"
Stereo says: "..."
Stereo says: "Two..."
Stereo says: "two!"
Stereo says: "..."
Stereo says: "Three..."
Stereo says: "two!"
Stereo says: "..."
Stereo says: "Four..."
Stereo says: "two!"
Stereo says: "..."
Stereo says: "Five..."
Stereo says: "two!"
Stereo says: "..."
Stereo says: "Six..."
Stereo says: "two!"
Stereo says: "..."
Stereo says: "Seven..."
Stereo says: "two!"
Stereo says: "..."
Stereo says: "Eight..."
Garnet raises her gauntlet and smashes the stereo, ending the workout by force.
Garnet says: "Okay, we're done."
Steven says: "*puts his dumbbells down in slight dismay* But the day still has so much potential!"
Steven says: "Garnet, what are my breakfast possibilities?"
Garnet says: "Well, you're already outside, so you'll probably go to the Big Donut."
Steven says: "Wow..."
Steven says: "That's amazing."
Steven says: "*scratches his head, while Garnet dispels her gauntlets* Um, do you see any possible futures where you, um, come with me and have a great time?"
Garnet says: "Hmm..."
Garnet glares at Steven while he stares at her with starry eyes, wiggling his eyebrows all around, while chiptune music whirs in and out.
Garnet says: "*adjusts her visor* Yes."
Steven says: "*gasps* Really?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "Then let's go!"
Steven says: "*grabs Garnet by the hand and strolls down the beach with her* So, can Pearl and Amethyst see the future, too?"
Garnet says: "No one can see the future."
Garnet says: "I can see options and trajectories."
Garnet says: "Time is like a river that splits into creeks, or pools into lakes, or careens down waterfalls."
Garnet says: "*adjusts her visor as the imagery disappears* I have the map, and I steer the ship."
Steven says: "*dumbfounded* I see..."
Trans. Int. Big Donut.
The shop door chimes as Garnet opens it for Steven to enter.
Steven says: "So, what would happen if I said "hi" to Sadie?"
Garnet says: "The most probable outcome is that Sadie will say "hi" back."
Steven says: "*ponders* Hmm..."
Steven says: "Hi, Sadie!"
Sadie says: "Oh, hi, Steven."
Steven says: "*laughs and turns to Garnet* Oh, that was an easy one."
Steven says: "What would happen if..."
Steven says: "I said "hi" to my BFF, Lars?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "*points to Lars by the coffee machine* Our friendship is deep, but complicated."
Steven says: "So the outcome of this experiment is waaaay unpredictable!"
Garnet says: "I see a single potential future where Lars gives you a high five."
Garnet says: "And two more potential futures where you suffer third-degree burns all over your body."
Steven says: "*ignoring the last part* A high five..."
Steven says: "from Lars!"
Steven says: "*runs towards Lars* Hi, Lars!"
Lars gets startled and throws a pitcher full of hot coffee overhead. It starts falling towards Steven, when Garnet steps in and blocks the pitcher with her body, drenching her in hot coffee. Sadie covers her mouth in shock.
Lars says: "Criminy!"
Lars says: "Are you okay?!"
Lars says: "!"
Lars says: "That coffee was really hot!"
Garnet says: "I drink coffee for breakfast."
Steven says: "*nervously chuckles* Funny."
Trans. Ext. Beach Citywalk Fries.
Steven then approaches the BC Fries, where Peedee is lying on the counter, to get his regular order.
Steven says: "*talks to Peedee* You know exactly what I want."
Steven says: "*turns around and talks to Garnet, while Peedee goes to get the bits* Any possible futures here where I'm hurt by this?"
Garnet says: "*thinks pensively* Hmm..."
Garnet says: "Mmm..."
Garnet says: "Tons."
Steven says: "Uhh..."
Steven says: "Like..."
Steven says: "what?"
Steven says: "..."
Garnet says: "Well, for starters..."
A Cartoon Steven appears to illustrate the possible deaths outcomes of Steven, while "Death Rag" plays in the background.
Garnet says: "You could just be going on about your business, eating your fry bits, and then suddenly you choke to death!"
Cartoon Steven chokes on his fries bits, pops into a skeleton, and collapses.
Garnet says: "Or you get so distracted that you fall down a manhole!"
A walking Cartoon Steven falls into a manhole, and a cartoon skull pops out from it.
Garnet says: "You could get food poisoning, or be bullied by wasps."
Cartoon Steven turns into a skeleton in a hospital bed, and then gets stung by wasps, inflating like a balloon and popping into a skeleton.
Garnet says: "And that's just a few instances off the top of my head."
Steven says: "*starts sweating and takes the bag of fries bits from Peedee* W-What if I stand perfectly still?"
Garnet says: "You'll probably get a really bad sunburn."
Garnet says: "*walks off* Yeah."
Steven says: "Uh, Garnet, wait up!"
(Steven starts imagining various ways he could be fatally injured on his way back to the Beach House says: "Cartoon Steven walks in when a shark emerges from the sea and chomps on him."
"Death Rag" plays again. He first looks out to the beach says: "Cartoon Steven walks in when a shark emerges from the sea and chomps on him."
(Steven starts imagining various ways he could be fatally injured on his way back to the Beach House says: "The shark then spits out Cartoon Steven's skull on the sand."
"Death Rag" plays again. He first looks out to the beach says: "The shark then spits out Cartoon Steven's skull on the sand."
(Steven starts imagining various ways he could be fatally injured on his way back to the Beach House says: ")"
"Death Rag" plays again. He first looks out to the beach says: ")"
(A sweaty Steven then looks at the Big Donut says: "Cartoon Steven walks by the Big Donut, when the donut sign falls off and crushes Cartoon Steven, turning him into a skeleton."
(A sweaty Steven then looks at the Big Donut says: ")"
(Steven gets really worried says: "An alien UFO with an alien cat in it appears before Cartoon Steven."
looks up to the sky says: "An alien UFO with an alien cat in it appears before Cartoon Steven."
(Steven gets really worried says: ")"
looks up to the sky says: ")"
Cartoon Steven says: "Cookie Cat!"
Cartoon Steven says: "You're real?!"
Cartoon Steven says: "!"
Cartoon Steven says: "*gets zapped by Cookie CAt* Ah, no!"
Cartoon Steven says: "I never considered that you would be evil!"
Cookie Cat kills Cartoon Steven with a laser beam from his UFO.
Steven gets really paranoid, sweating profusely and hyperventilating.
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Steven stands in a daze behind the kitchen counter, wearing his bicycle helmet and holding ingredients for a sandwich.
Garnet says: "Steven."
Steven says: "*startled* Aah!"
Garnet says: "Nice helmet."
Steven says: "*chuckles and scoffs* Yeah..."
Steven says: "You- You never know..."
Steven says: "when..."
Steven says: "you're gonna..."
Steven says: "ride a bike!"
Steven says: "..."
Garnet says: "..."
Garnet says: "And you're making a sandwich."
Steven says: "Yeah."
Steven says: "Just gotta..."
Steven says: "pick up the knife..."
Steven says: "and..."
Steven says: "s-spread the mayonnaise."
Steven says: "*clears throat* Pick up the- *whimpers*..."
Steven says: "the knife!"
Steven says: "*struggles to reach for the knife* Pick up..."
Steven says: "kni-i-fe!"
Garnet says: "Steven!"
Steven says: "Wait!"
Steven says: "Wait!"
Steven says: "I've got it."
Garnet says: "*smirks* That will kill you faster."
Steven says: "Not funny!"
Garnet says: "Oh."
Amethyst says: "*runs in* Nice noggin, Steven."
Pearl says: "We're ready, Garnet."
Steven says: "Wait."
Steven says: "You're going on a mission?"
Steven says: "*grabs Garnet's arm* Hold on!"
Steven says: "Don't leave me!"
Steven says: "*tears up* At least tell me what's gonna happen with my lunch!"
Steven says: "Do I choke on a pickle?"
Garnet says: "Mm, you don't choke on a pickle."
Steven says: "*clutches Garnet's arm tighter* That means something else happens with the pickle!"
Pearl says: "Garnet!"
Pearl says: "Shouldn't we be going?"
Garnet says: "*kneels down and places her hands on Steven's shoulders* Steven, I can't be with you all the time."
Garnet says: "Just trust me when I say that you are in control."
Garnet says: "*smiles at Steven, and he smiles back* Do not go on the roof!"
Garnet says: "No matter what."
Dramatic music plays, as Steven glares at Garnet in horror.
Timeskip - Night time.
It begins to rain heavily outside the Crystal Temple. Steven is alone, curled up by the windows in the dark beach house, as thunder crashes loudly outside. He then looks up to the ceiling.
Steven says: "*whimpers* What could possibly happen to me on the roof?"
Thunder crashes again and the front door suddenly bursts open, startling Steven. He then runs forth and shuts it.
Steven says: "*breathing heavily* Okay."
Steven says: "Calm down."
Steven says: "Maybe I should just get a snack."
Steven says: "*gasps* But what if.."
Steven says: "!"
Cartoon Steven appears again along with the "Death Rag" music. He tries to open the fridge door and it falls over him. A live Cartoon Steven reappears and, by some unknown reasons, a chandelier falls over him, turning him into a skeleton. The wasps from before starts stinging Cartoon Steven again.
Cartoon Steven says: "Ugh!"
Cartoon Steven says: "How come you guys are back?!"
Cartoon Steven says: "!"
Wasp 1.
We're made of magic.
Wasp 2.
Yeah! Magic!
Cartoon Steven turns a skeleton again while both wasps laughs maniacally.
Steven screams in paranoid from his imaginations. Thunder clashes again, scaring Steven, and he runs away screaming, hides under the table and begins to cry.
Steven says: "*sees his teddy bear nearby* Ugh!"
Steven says: "Master of Ceremonies Bear Bear."
Steven looks at the teddy bear as Steven's words "I'm a big boy now!" echo in his head.
Steven says: "What's happening to me?"
Steven says: "I'm supposed to be..."
Steven says: "a Crystal Gem."
Steven says: "I'm supposed to be a Crystal Gem!"
Steven says: "AAAAAHHH!"
Steven says: "*punches the table off him and gets up* Ugh!"
Trans. Ext. Beach House.
Steven climbs on top of the beach house and stands against the heavy rain, while thunder continues crashing loudly.
Steven says: "*breathing heavily* Okay."
Steven says: "I'm here."
Steven says: "*standing on the roof* What are you gonna do to me, future?"
The inside of the house is then filled with light as someone warps back, and Garnet quickly races outside onto the porch.
Garnet says: "Steven!"
Garnet says: "Get off the roof!"
Steven says: "No!"
Steven says: "If something is going to happen to me..."
Steven says: "Just let it happen."
Garnet says: "Steven!"
Garnet says: "*gets worried* You don't understand."
Steven says: "No, you don't understand."
Steven says: "*grabs his head in panic* Everything I do shoves me violently towards the end!"
Steven says: "The more I know, the more I know that I don't know!"
Steven says: "*kneels down with his hands raised into the air* I can't live like this!"
Steven says: "Why did you tell me about future vision?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "What's going to happen to me on the roof?!"
Steven says: "!"
Garnet says: "..."
Garnet says: "This."
Steven says: "W-What?"
Garnet says: "I knew you might do this if I told you about my power."
Garnet says: "I saw this, and I told you anyway."
Steven says: "But why?"
Garnet says: "I took a risk at your expense."
Garnet says: "There was a chance you'd understand this, and we'd be closer."
Garnet says: "*takes off her visor, revealing her third eye* Steven, I see so many things that can hurt you."
Garnet says: "I should never have let one of them be me."
Garnet says: "*puts her visor back on* There are millions of possibilities for the future, but it's up to you to choose which becomes reality."
Garnet says: "Please understand."
Garnet says: "You choose your own future."
Steven says: "I do understand."
Steven says: "I..."
Steven says: "What am I doing?"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "I guess I can't really see a future for myself up here."
Steven says: "*sighs, slides down the roof and runs towards Garnet to hug her* I'll watch out for myself from now on."
Garnet looks up to the sky and raises her hand, blocking a lightning strike just in time and protecting Steven from it. Steven continues to hug Garnet unknowingly.
Steven says: "What was that?"
Garnet says: "Oh, nothing important."
The star iris then zooms in on Steven and Garnet, ending the episode.
END.