Open Int. Beach House.
Garnet arrives alone at the Warp Pad of the Crystal Temple, carrying a bubbled gem.
Garnet says: "Steven?"
Garnet looks around the Beach House but notices no one's home. As she turns and heads to the Temple, she can hear Steven giggling. Garnet smiles, turns back around, and starts looking for Steven again. Meanwhile, Steven is seen hiding on a rafter beam above the Warp Pad, sneaking up on Garnet excitedly.
Garnet says: "Steven."
Garnet says: "I know you're here."
Garnet says: "Come on out."
Garnet says: "You know I can sense you."
Steven says: "Steven-bomb!"
Steven says: "*pounces and lands on Garnet's hair* I got you!"
Garnet says: "You got me."
Steven says: "And now you're blind!"
Garnet says: "Tiny hands."
Garnet says: "*picks Steven up and lifts him in front of her* My only weakness."
Steven says: "*notices the bubbled gem that Garnet is holding* Whoa!"
Steven says: "What did you do today?"
Garnet says: "Tell me what you think I did."
Steven's eyes lights up and he makes a big smile. He then begins to tell his own made-up tale of Garnet's adventure.
Screen card - "Garnet's Universe, created by Steven Universe".
Garnet arrives on a Warp Pad in the middle of a forest. She begins walking through the forest, as a mysterious figure stalks her in the trees. A bomb then suddenly appears in front of Garnet and explodes, which she quickly dodges by leaping onto a tree. More exploding bombs appear and Garnet easily dodges them, when the mysterious figure appear before her.
Garnet says: "You!"
Garnet says: "Reveal yourself!"
The figure throws a bomb at Garnet and she catches it with one of her gauntlets. It explodes in her hand with no impact at all. Garnet then walks up to the figure, picks her up and disrobes her, revealing a humanoid frog.
Hopper says: "Hopper the morning to you, Garnet."
Hopper says: "Nothing like some morning training to get the blood pumping."
Hopper says: "Am I right?"
Garnet says: "Hopper."
Garnet says: "Nice to see you too."
Hopper says: "By the way, have you seen Hoppy?"
Hopper says: "She was hoppin' excited to train with us."
Another figure, a humanoid rabbit, suddenly leaps out above Garnet and dives, yelling out loud, towards her with a katana. Garnet summons her other gauntlet and catches the katana just above her head in between her hands, causing a gust of wind around her.
Hoppy says: "Garnet."
Garnet says: "Hoppy."
Hopper says: "Wow Garnet, I can tell you've been training."
Hopper says: "*observing the screen of a tablet* Your power levels are hoppin' high!"
Hoppy says: "Yes Hopper, but they could always be higher."
Hoppy says: "We should train more."
Hoppy says: "I nearly had the jump on you that time."
Hopper says: "OOHH!"
Garnet says: "We can train some other time, Hoppy."
Garnet says: "*dispels her gauntlets* Right now, there's a gem artifact to recover."
Hopper says: "I wonder what it is this time."
Hopper says: "Maybe a magic power amulet, or a flying power carpet, or maybe an enchanted power onion!"
Garnet says: "Whatever it is, we should hurry."
Garnet says: "There's somebody at home that I need to get back to."
Hopper says: "Who's that?"
Garnet says: "My most favorite person in the world."
Hoppy says: "Have you ever told him that?"
Garnet says: "No."
Hopper says: "Why not?"
Garnet says: "I'm not..."
Garnet says: "strong enough."
Hopper says: "Will we get to meet him soon?"
Garnet says: "Not yet."
Garnet says: "He's not ready to learn that I have secret animal friends."
The group continues to venture through the forest, when another figure lands on the ground behind them.
Garnet says: "Wha-?"
Hopper says: "*scans the figure with her tablet* His power levels are hoppin' pretty low."
Garnet says: "I can revive him."
Garnet grabs the figure and proceeds to revive him by spitting water in his face and slapping his face.
Ringo says: "Wu-ah-ah, Ringo!"
Ringo says: "Haha!"
Ringo says: "Thank you for saving me!"
Garnet says: "Tell us your name, stranger."
Ringo says: "My name is Ringo."
Ringo says: "I am but a humble caretaker of the shrine atop yonder mountain."
Hoppy says: "How did you get those wounds?"
Hoppy says: "Was it from some kind of training?"
Ringo says: "Well, you see."
Ringo says: "An innocent Foxman wanted to see the shrine."
Ringo says: "Such a sweet, sweet Foxman."
Ringo says: "Naturally, I obliged."
Ringo says: "Inside rested the sacred magic gem of ultimate power."
Ringo says: "It was then that the Foxman double-crossed me."
Ringo says: "He used the power of the gem to banish me from my own shrine."
Ringo says: "Ever since then I've been searching for someone strong enough to help me."
Garnet says: "That gem must be contained."
Garnet says: "No one should have that much power."
Ringo says: "Oh, you can have the gem."
Ringo says: "I just want my shrine back."
Garnet says: "We'll get it back for you."
Hoppy says: "Hop five!"
Hopper says: "Hop five!"
Garnet says: "*looks at her photo again* Don't worry Steven."
Garnet says: "I'll be home soon."
The group makes their way up to the shrine.
Ringo says: "We're here!"
Garnet, Hopper and Hoppy climbs atop the mountain while Ringo lays low. They spot a buff Foxman using a phone in front of the shrine. Hopper scans him with her tablet and it reads "70,000 POWER".
Hopper says: "Holy hop!"
Hopper says: "His power is off the charts!"
Hoppy says: "Be careful Garnet."
Hoppy says: "Don't hop off more than you can chew."
Garnet says: "Foxman!"
Garnet says: "Give us the gem!"
Foxman says: "What?"
Foxman says: "*spots Ringo* You again?"
Foxman says: "Oh, I see what this is."
Foxman says: "If you want the gem, you'll have to defeat me."
Garnet says: "So be it."
Garnet says: "HU-UH!"
Foxman says: "HUUURRRR!"
Garnet and Foxman begin to spar off. However, Foxman is too strong and he punches Garnet away. She collides into the others and the group is knocked off the mountain, landing on the branches of a tree.
Ringo says: "See?"
Ringo says: "I told you he was strong."
Garnet says: "Then we'll just have to get stronger."
Hoppy says: "*gasps* Training time."
Garnet, Hopper and Hoppy begin their training by meditating under a waterfall, when they are joined by Ringo, who proceeds to bathe himself under the waterfall.
Ringo says: "*humming* Ringo!"
Ringo says: "Ringo!"
After meditating, Garnet summons her gauntlets and begins to enlarge them to an enormous size.
Hoppy says: "Weighted gauntlets!"
Hopper says: "Weighted gauntlets!"
Garnet begins to struggle under the weight of her giant gauntlets and throws a single punch in the air.
Hopper says: "*looking at her tablet* She just gained 10 power from that one punch!"
Garnet groans in pain as she slams her gauntlets onto the ground, unable to bear the weight, and starts panting heavily.
Hoppy says: "Come on Garnet, you can do this!"
Hoppy says: "You just gotta remember what you're fighting for."
Remembering Steven's smiling face, Garnet picks back up her giant gauntlets with determination and continues throwing punches. Her punches gradually intensify in speed and strength as she keeps on training.
Hoppy says: "Whoa!"
Hopper says: "Whoa!"
Ringo says: "Whoa!"
Hopper says: "7,000."
Hopper says: "8,000."
Hopper says: "10,000!"
Hopper says: "Numbers have no meaning!"
Hopper's tablet snaps apart from Garnet's sheer power surge. Garnet unleashes her final punch at a distant mountain and it breaks in half.
Garnet says: "I'm ready."
Hoppy says: "So cool!"
Hopper says: "So cool!"
Ringo says: "So cool!"
The group makes their way back to the shrine.
Ringo says: "We're here!"
Garnet, Hopper and Hoppy climbs atop the mountain to confront Foxman while Ringo remains low.
Foxman says: "Back again, huh?"
Foxman says: "Looks like you're hungry for another delicious beating."
Garnet says: "Actually that last one spoiled my appetite."
Foxman says: "How dare you insult my cooking skills?"
Foxman says: "*tries to punch Garnet, but she easily blocks it* What?!"
Foxman says: "!"
Foxman says: "Impossible!"
Foxman tries to punch Garnet again. She dodges out of the way and gives a swift jab in Foxman's stomach, defeating him. Hopper, Hoppy and Ringo cheer in victory.
Foxman says: "*moans in pain* Oh, it hurts."
Garnet says: "Now give back the gem."
Foxman says: "But I'm the sworn protector of the gem."
Foxman says: "What did that liar tell you?"
Foxman says: "No!"
Ringo says: "You dummies fell for it."
Ringo says: "Now the sacred magic gem of ultimate power is mine!"
Ringo says: "Hehehehehe!"
Ringo says: "*places the gem in his hair ring and transforms into a buffed version of himself* Ultimate Ringo!"
Foxman says: "Curse you, Ringo."
Foxman says: "I'll make you pay for this!"
Ringo says: "Too bad you didn't out-fox me when you had the chance!"
Ringo zaps his staff at Foxman, turning him into an onion ring.
Hoppy says: "-ring!"
Hoppy says: "?"
Ringo says: "Hahahahaha!"
Garnet says: "We will avenge you Foxman."
Garnet says: "Ringo, you must be defeated!"
Ringo says: "Um-hum."
Ringo says: "The name's Ultimate Ringo."
Ringo zaps Garnet, Hopper and Hoppy, transporting them to another dimension.
Hopper says: "Whoa."
Hopper says: "Wha- What is this place?"
Ringo says: "Welcome to my Ringo Zone!"
Ringo says: "It is here where my powers are strongest."
Ringo says: "You wanna stop me?"
Ringo says: "Go on."
Ringo says: "It will amuse me."
Ringo says: "And after I beat you, maybe I'll destroy the planet."
Ringo says: "Just 'cause I can."
Hopper says: "You monster!"
Hoppy says: "You monster!"
Hoppy says: "Get ready to hop, drop and roll!"
Ringo says: "Hehehe..."
Hoppy leaps towards Ringo, but he quickly zaps her, easily defeating her.
Garnet says: "Hoppy, no!"
Hopper wraps her tongue around Ringo, but he zaps her too.
Garnet says: "Hoppy- I-I mean, Hopper, no!"
Hopper and Hoppy moan in pain on the ground, severely injured.
Garnet says: "Now this is bad."
Hopper says: "W-w-w-weighted hair!"
Hoppy says: "W-w-w-weighted hair!"
Hopper says: "?"
Hoppy says: "?"
Hopper says: "Without her weighted hair, Garnet's power is hop-tastrophic."
Garnet says: "*summons her gauntlets and leaps at Ringo* Ringo!"
Ringo says: "Ultimate!"
Ringo says: "Hahahahahaha!"
Garnet and Ringo clash in a fist fight. Ringo, however, is too strong for Garnet, and he sends her crashing into the ground.
Hopper says: "*cowering* Garnet!"
Hoppy says: "*cowering* Garnet!"
Garnet says: "*takes out her photo* I'm sorry Steven."
Garnet says: "I wasn't..."
Garnet says: "strong enough."
Ringo says: "*takes the photo* Ah, what a nice photo."
Ringo says: "But you know, there's something not quite right."
Ringo says: "Oh, I know."
Enraged, Garnet roars in anger and reforms her hair with full energy, causing Hopper's tablet to explode again. She then gets up and floats into the air.
Ringo says: "Grrrr..."
Ringo says: "This is getting ridiculous!"
Ringo charges at Garnet and she quickly kicks him away. She then enlarges her gauntlets into an enormous size and plunges towards Ringo, crashing him into the ground, thus defeating him.
Hopper says: "Hip hop hurray!"
Hoppy says: "Hip hop hurray!"
Garnet then recovers the gem from Ringo.
Unknown Narrator says: "And so, Garnet used the gem to return the Foxman to his original form."
Unknown Narrator says: "And as for Ringo, heh, he stayed trapped in the Ringo Zone."
Unknown Narrator says: "Forever."
Unknown Narrator says: "That day Garnet learned a valuable lesson that being strong was about more than just how many mountains you could punch in half."
Unknown Narrator says: "It was about love."
Unknown Narrator says: "And there was no greater love than Garnet's love for Steven."
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Steven finishes up his made-up tale of Garnet's adventure.
Steven says: "And then you came back here."
Steven says: "And I got you."
Steven says: "And you were blind."
Steven says: "And that's what you did today!"
Garnet says: "..."
Garnet says: "Yeah, that's pretty much what happened."
Steven says: "*gets excited* Really?!"
Steven says: "!"
Garnet says: "No."
Screen card - "THE END".
END.