Open the Great North.
Pearl, Connie and Steven warped in on a Warp Pad in front of a giant Wailing Stone, in the middle of a snowy wilderness.
Pearl says: "*excitedly* We're here!"
Connie says: "Wow!"
Connie says: "The Great North is so beautiful in person."
Steven says: "Wait, wait!"
Steven says: "Stay right there!"
Steven runs a distance in front of Pearl and Connie and takes out his phone.
Steven says: "Alright, smileee!"
Pearl and Connie smile and pose in determination, and Steven takes a photo.
Steven says: "Okay, now one more where it looks like you're looking for a monster."
Pearl and Connie pose again, and Steven takes another photo.
Steven says: "Okay, now one like you made a joke."
Pearl and Connie pose again, and Steven takes a third photo.
Steven says: "Okay, now do one where the joke's not that funny, but it's more like a joke that makes you..."
Steven says: "think."
Pearl says: "Okay, I think that's enough photography."
Steven says: "But it's Connie's first mission!"
Steven says: "Her parents asked me to take lots of pictures."
Pearl says: "Oh..."
Connie says: "Thank you so much for letting me come on this mission, Pearl!"
Connie says: "*bows to Pearl and blushes* It's such an honor to work alongside you."
Pearl says: "Well, Connie, your sword fighting skills have far exceeded my expectations."
Pearl says: "And, with my careful supervision, of course, I'm confident that you can handle a simple Gem recovery mission like this."
Connie says: "Thank you so much!"
Connie says: "I promise I won't let you down, ma'am."
Steven snaps another photo.
Steven says: "Connie's first mission!"
Pearl, Steven, and Connie begin walking through the snow.
Pearl says: "Recap the mission for us, Connie."
Connie says: "Garnet sensed some corrupted Gem activity in these woods."
Connie says: "It is our job to locate it, destabilize its form, and bubble it."
Pearl says: "Very good."
Pearl says: "Now, your human bodies aren't designed to last in this cold, so we'll have to be extra careful."
Connie says: "That's okay, I've got this backpack filled with everything we need to survive in the wilderness."
Steven says: "And I've got board games in case we get bored."
Pearl says: "Ah, yes."
Pearl says: "Very good."
Connie says: "So, how will we know if this corrupted Gem is nearby?"
A large growling is suddenly heard, and everyone gasp in shock.
Pearl says: "That's how!"
Pearl says: "Here it comes!"
A Snow Monster breaks through some trees in front of the trio and roars at them.
Steven says: "Uhhh..."
Connie says: "Uhhh..."
Steven says: "!"
Connie says: "!"
Steven snaps a photo of the corrupted Gem while Connie prepares to unsheathe her sword.
Pearl says: "Remember, you work together!"
Steven says: "*summons his shield* Ready, Connie?"
Connie says: "*unsheathes her sword* Ready, Steven!"
Suddenly, a corrupted Biggs Jasper, similar in appearance to the Snow Monster, appears and roars loudly.
Pearl says: "*summons her spear* Two of them?!"
Pearl says: "!"
The two corrupted Gems communicate with one another, and Biggs begins charging towards the trio.
Pearl says: "Steven, bubble!"
Steven says: "Bubble power!"
Steven summons his bubble shield and encases him, Connie and Pearl. Biggs jumps over the trio while the Snow Monster runs past them, as the two corrupted Gems flee in separate ways. Steven then dispels his bubble in confusion.
Steven says: "They..."
Steven says: "ran away?"
Pearl says: "There weren't supposed to be two..."
Connie says: "Oh!"
Connie says: "Oh!"
Connie says: "I have an idea!"
Connie says: "We could split up!"
Connie says: "You can go after one of them, Pearl, and Steven and I will go after the other one."
Pearl says: "Connie, you are my pupil, so I know your combat skills are excellent."
Pearl says: "But I'm afraid this is too risky."
Pearl says: "You've never been in a real fight before."
Steven says: "Well that's not true, Connie defeated those Gem experiments at the hospital."
Steven says: "And look!"
Steven says: "*holds out a Cookie Cat walkie-talkie to Pearl and speaks into it* I brought these walkie-talkies so we can talk to each other in case something happens."
Pearl says: "But-!"
Connie says: "And- *shows Pearl a wilderness survival book titled "The Punishment Of Nature"* I've read this book front to back at least 20 times!"
Pearl stares at the pair in great concerns, while they stare back at her with reassuring faces.
Pearl says: "*sighs* Well, all right."
Pearl says: "But as soon as you find the monster, contact me immediately."
Pearl says: "I don't want you fighting this thing alone."
Pearl says: "One more time, what are you looking for?"
Steven says: "A monster."
Connie says: "A monster."
Pearl says: "What do you do when you find it?"
Steven says: "Call you."
Connie says: "Call you."
Pearl says: "*smugly* And who's your favorite Gem?"
Steven says: "*glares at Pearl* Pearl..."
Pearl says: "Why, thank you!"
Steven and Connie laugh together.
Pearl says: "Now, be safe!"
Steven says: "Yes, ma'am!"
Connie says: "Yes, ma'am!"
Pearl heads off on her own in one direction, while Steven and Connie go together in the other. Steven gazes up to the sky, with the bright sun shining upon them.
Connie says: "All we have to do is follow these tracks."
Connie says: "*takes a handful of snow from the tracks and tastes it* Yeah."
Connie says: "These are fresh."
Connie says: "We trail it until it stops to rest."
Steven says: "Wow, Connie, you're a wilderness expert."
Connie says: "Well, I like to be prepared."
Connie says: "When civilization collapses and this world ends, I need to be ready to build the new one."
Steven says: "Yeah, I guess if Homeworld invades Earth, things could get pretty crazy for humanity."
Connie says: "Forget Gems, humans are already starting their own demise!"
Connie says: "Peak oils, Steven!"
Connie says: "How do we handle terminal decline without alternate energy sources?!"
Connie says: "!"
Steven's walkie-talkie starts to beep, and he picks it up.
Pearl says: "*through walkie-talkie* How are you two doing?"
Pearl says: "Are you hungry?"
Pearl says: "Remember, you humans need to eat!"
Steven says: "Yes, ma'am!"
Connie says: "Yes, ma'am!"
Connie says: "Luckily, I packed plenty of survival fuel."
Connie says: "Time to get our protein on!"
Steven and Connie both eat a Protes bar each, and continue on their tracking.
Connie says: "Good thing this snow is here, it makes following tracks a lot easier."
Steven says: "I'll say!"
Connie says: "So these corrupted Gems are like wild animals; just a bundle of fight-or-flight reflexes and survival instincts."
Steven says: "Well, they're like that now, but before they were different."
Steven says: "They used to be normal Gems like Pearl, Amethyst, and Garnet."
Steven says: "They had thoughts, and feelings, friends..."
Steven says: "I don't really know how the corruption works."
Steven says: "It's like they're sick."
Steven says: "They don't remember who they used to be..."
Steven says: "Maybe they don't even know how to look like themselves anymore."
Connie says: "Woah..."
Connie says: "Are you okay?"
Steven says: "Yeah, I'm good."
Steven says: "Oh, I know what'll cheer me up!"
Steven says: "Woo-hoo!"
Steven says: "Umph!"
Steven says: "*face-plants onto the snow* Whoa-hoa-hoa-hoaaaa!"
Steven says: "Umph!"
Steven rolls himself off a snowy hill and collides into a snow bank at the bottom. Connie snowboards on a piece of wood down the hill to the bottom, as Steven pops out of the snow bank looking dizzy. His walkie-talkie then beeps again.
Pearl says: "*through walkie-talkie* Steven, Connie?"
Pearl says: "I'm not having any luck finding this monster."
Pearl says: "We might have to return to the Temple and regroup."
Connie says: "No, no!"
Connie says: "We can handle it!"
Connie says: "We're making great progress."
Connie says: "We can definitely take care of this ourselves."
Pearl says: "Oh, well, you sound very confident."
Connie says: "Stance wide, body lowered."
Connie says: "I've got it, ma'am."
Pearl says: "♫ Balance is the key!"
Connie says: "Need some help there?"
Steven says: "Yes, please."
Connie pulls Steven out of the snow and they collapse into the ground. They both laugh together as Steven wipes the snow off of his jacket.
Steven says: "Woah, look at the tracks."
Connie says: "Woah."
Connie says: "Now this is a mess!"
Connie says: "Some of these prints look humanoid..."
Connie says: "Could Pearl have been here?"
Steven says: "But, Pearl went the other direction."
Steven snaps a photo of the messed-up tracks, consisting of two sets of footprints.
Connie says: "Monster..."
Connie says: "Humanoid..."
Connie says: "Monster."
Connie says: "What could this mean.."
Connie says: "?"
Connie says: "*notices that it has started to snow* We should probably take shelter from this blizzard."
Connie says: "But first, let's grab some of these pine needles."
Connie says: "We can brew a vitamin C-rich tea with them, so we don't get scurvy!"
Steven says: "Like a pirate!"
Time-Skip.
Steven and Connie take refuge in a small opening in one of the trees as the blizzard grows stronger. Connie brews some tea with the pine needles she picked up with a small stove.
Connie says: "The tea is ready!"
Connie says: "*pours some tea in a cute cup and hands it to Steven* Here, try it!"
Steven says: "Thanks!"
Connie says: "How is it?"
Steven says: "It's..."
Steven says: "Hmmm..."
Steven says: "."
Steven says: "It's bad."
Connie says: "Well, yeah."
Connie says: "It's not about tasting good, Steven."
Connie says: "It's about surviving the punishment of nature."
Steven and Connie both take a sip of the tea and make disapproving faces.
Connie says: "So, why were there humanoid tracks out there?"
Connie says: "They weren't ours, and they weren't Pearl's."
Connie says: "It couldn't have been the monster, unless it's just some guy in a monster suit but that kind of thing only happens in cartoons, usually over a property dispute."
Steven says: "Maybe it is a guy in a monster costume."
Connie says: "Y'think so?"
Steven says: "I don't mean literally, silly!"
Steven says: "What I mean is, there might still be a conscious Gem inside there somewhere."
Connie says: "Is that possible?"
Steven says: "What if the monster is turning back and forth into its original form?"
Steven says: "*scrolls through his photos on his phone* If it is, it might not be as corrupted as we think."
Steven says: "There might still be a chance to save it!"
Connie says: "How?"
Steven says: "I can't heal Gems that are corrupted."
Steven says: "A-At least not all the way, but if it's half-corrupted..."
A large growling is heard again, startling Steven and Connie. The pair then quickly leave their shelter.
Connie says: "This way!"
Steven and Connie begins running through the blizzard, in pursuit of the newly-made monster tracks. Connie then suddenly halts in place, and Steven bumps into her, hurting his nose.
Steven says: "Oww..."
Connie says: "Shhh!"
Steven and Connie encounters the Snow Monster right in front of them, scratching the rock wall in a state of panic.
Connie says: "It seems scared..."
Connie says: "I-Is it running from us?"
Steven says: "What if it's running..."
Steven says: "From itself?"
Connie says: "Shhh!"
Connie says: "*covers Steven's mouth* Keep your voice down!"
Pearl says: "*through walkie-talkie* Hello, you two."
Pearl says: "How's it going?"
Pearl says: "This weather has really taken a turn for the worse, and I would hate to be responsible for putting you two in danger."
The Snow Monster stops scratching at the sudden intermission of Pearl's voice though Steven's walkie-talkie, and notices Steven and Connie.
Connie says: "Steven!"
Connie says: "Turn it off!"
Steven says: "I'm trying!"
Pearl says: "And remember, if you find the monster, don't make any loud, startling noises."
The Snow Monster turns around and starts approaching Steven and Connie.
Steven says: "Stupid, slippery mittens!"
Pearl says: "Hello?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Pearl says: "Anyone there?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Pearl says: "I'm just going to keep talking until somebody answers."
Steven says: "Nyuh!"
Connie says: "Steven!"
The Snow Monster now stands face-to-face with Steven and Connie, and Connie prepares to unsheathe her sword.
Steven says: "Wait, let me try talking to it."
The Snow Monster stomps up to Steven.
Steven says: "Hey, how's it goin'?"
Steven says: "Mmm, can you hear me?"
Steven says: "Are you in there somewhere.."
Steven says: "?"
Steven says: "*extends a hand* You can control this."
Steven says: "Remember who you used to be!"
Connie says: "'*whispers* Steven, I don't think it's working.."
The Snow Monster notices Connie's sword and attacks the pair. Luckily, Steven summoned his bubble shield in time, protecting him and Connie. The Snow Monsters keeps stomping on Steven's bubble, eventually popping it, and Steven and Connie burst out of it, separated from each other.
Connie says: "Steven!"
The Snow Monster approaches Steven, when a snowball hits its face.
Connie says: "*nervously* Hey!"
Connie says: "Over here!"
Connie draws her sword at the Snow Monster, but slowly backs away in fear.
Steven says: "Connie, what are you doing?!"
Steven says: "!"
The Snow Monster takes its attention to Connie and approaches her, while Connie keeps backing away.
Connie says: "I..."
Connie says: "I don't know!"
Connie says: "I..."
Connie says: "wasn't prepared for this!"
Pearl says: "*through walkie-talkie* Steven?"
Pearl says: "Connie?"
Pearl says: "Is this because of the "Favorite Gem" thing?"
Pearl says: "Heh, that was just a joke!"
Pearl says: "*chuckles nervously*..."
Pearl says: "Don't tell Garnet."
Connie begins running towards the Snow Monster.
Steven says: "Connie!"
Connie skillfully slides under the Snow Monster and grabs the walkie-talkie in the snow.
Connie says: "Pearl!"
Connie says: "We've found the monster!"
Pearl says: "*through walkie-talkie* What?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Connie says: "We need your help!"
Pearl says: "I'll be right there, Connie!"
Suddenly, Jasper charges in and knocks the Snow Monster down with ease. Steven gasps in shock.
Connie says: "Who's that?"
Steven says: "*panics* Bu-bu-bu-bu-bu-bu-bubble!"
Steven says: "Aaaah!"
Steven quickly rushes towards Connie and summons his bubble shield around them. The pair watches in horror as Jasper repeatedly punches the Snow Monster, and then slams it into the ground. Jasper then climbs atop the Snow Monster and yanks on its Gem on its chest, poofing the Snow Monster. Jasper then stands in triumph, holding Biggs's gem in her other hand, and glances at the two gemstones with a maniacal grin.
Steven says: "Jasper..."
Connie says: "Those footprints..."
Connie says: "The monsters were running from her!"
Pearl says: "*swiftly leaps in* Connie, where's the- *notices Jasper and freaks out* JASPER!"
Jasper says: "*chuckles menacingly* Hey Rose, look what I got."
Steven takes out his phone and snaps a photo of Jasper. Jasper then turns around and walks away, disappearing into the blizzard chuckling to herself. Pearls sighs in relief as Steven dispels his bubble.
Pearl says: "Are you two okay?"
Connie says: "Yeah..."
Connie says: "We're fine."
Pearl says: "*hugs Steven and Connie* Ohhh, thank goodness!"
Pearl says: "What a disaster!"
Pearl says: "I neverwould've let you come on this mission if I knew Jasper would be here!"
Connie says: "I'm sorry..."
Pearl says: "What?"
Connie says: "I thought I'd be ready to fight, but I wasn't."
Connie says: "I failed."
Pearl says: "You weren't supposed to fight, you were supposed to call me and you did."
Pearl says: "This was a total success."
Steven says: "Connie's first mission!"
Pearl says: "Connie's first mission!"
Steven says: "*takes out his phone* Group picture!"
Connie says: "*blushes* Haha, Steven!"
Pearl says: "Oh!"
Pearl says: "A-Another picture."
Steven pulls the group closely and snaps a photo.
Steven says: "Aaand, got it!"
Steven shows everybody the photo, with Pearl looking rather unglamorous.
Pearl says: "Oh, no..."
Pearl says: "Are your parents going to see this?"
Connie says: "My parents see all of my photos, ma'am."
Pearl says: "Hmm..."
Pearl and Connie start walking off while Steven looks at his photo. He then scrolls to the photo of Jasper, and eerie music plays as the episode ends.
END.
Retrieved from "https says: "//steven-universe."
Retrieved from "https says: "fandom."
Retrieved from "https says: "com/wiki/Gem_Hunt/Transcript?"