Open Overview of Beach City.
Trans. Ext. Big Donut.
Steven says: "NOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!"
Trans. Int. Big Donut.
Steven says: "*looking at an empty freezer* This can't be happening!"
Steven says: "This has to be a dream!"
Steven says: "Lars!"
Steven says: "Lars!"
Steven says: "*grabs Lars around his waist* Please tell me I'm dreaming!"
Lars says: "*shakes Steven off* Get off me man, I'm stocking here!"
Sadie says: "I'm sorry, Steven."
Sadie says: "I guess they stopped making them."
Steven says: "Stopped making them?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "Why in the world would they stop making Cookie Cats?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "They're only the most scrumptious and delicious ice-cream sandwich ever made!"
Steven says: "Don't they have laws for this?!"
Steven says: "!"
Lars says: "*kneels to restock a cabinet and sighs* Tough bits, man."
Lars says: "Nobody buys them anymore."
Lars says: "*stocks shelves* I guess they couldn't compete with Lion Lickers."
Steven says: "*groans as he walks over to the fridge of Lion Lickers* Not Lion Lickers!"
Steven says: "Nobody likes them!"
Steven says: "They don't even look like lions!"
Steven says: "Kids these days—"
Steven says: "I'll tell ya what!"
Lars says: "*chuckles and mocks* Well, if you miss your wimpy ice cream so much, why don't you make some with your "magic belly button"?"
Steven says: "That's not how it works, Lars!"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Right?"
Steven says: "*reveals a gem at his navel and jiggles his belly* Oh, sweet Cookie Cats,  with your crunchy cookie outside and your icy creamy insides..."
Steven says: "You were too good for this world."
Sadie says: "Ugh..."
Sadie says: "Steven?"
Steven doesn't reply as he hugs the freezer.
Sadie says: "Do you want to take the freezer with you?"
Lars leans over and looks at Steven in confusion. Steven nods.
Trans. Ext. Beach House.
Steven hums "Cookie Cat" while running home, carrying the Cookie Cat freezer on his back.
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Steven says: "*opens the door of his home* Hey, guys!"
Steven says: "You won't believe this!"
Steven is suddenly attacked by a Centipeetle. It roars at him and he screams. A whip then wraps around it, revealing to be Amethyst's.
Amethyst says: "'Sup, Steven?"
Pearl can be seen fighting off Centipeetles on the Warp Pad, and Garnet is fighting in the kitchen.
Steven says: "Awesome!"
Steven says: "What are these things?"
Pearl says: "*groans and lifts up a Centipeetle* Ugh!"
Pearl says: "Sorry, Steven."
Pearl says: "We'll get these Centipeetles out of your room."
Pearl says: "We think they were trying to get into the temple."
Steven says: "Aw."
Steven says: "You don't have to get rid of them."
Steven says: "They're really cool."
The Centipeetle that Pearl is holding spits acid onto the floor, dissolving it into a hole, which Steven and Pearl look in disgust.
Amethyst says: "*poofs a Centipeetle and picks her nose* Um, you guys?"
Amethyst says: "These things don't have gems."
Garnet says: "That means there must be a mother somewhere nearby."
A Centipeetle sneaks up from beside Garnet, which she quickly punches away.
Pearl says: "We should probably find it before anyone gets hurt."
Steven says: "*excitedly* Oh!"
Steven says: "Oh!"
Steven says: "Can I come?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "Can I?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "Can I?!"
Steven says: "!"
Pearl says: "Steven, until you learn to control the powers in your gem, we'll take care of protecting humanity, okay?"
Steven says: "Aw, man."
Steven says: "*notices a Centipeetle raiding his fridge* Hey!"
Steven says: "Get out of there!"
Steven says: "Go on!"
Steven says: "Shoo!"
Steven says: "Shoo!"
Steven says: "Aw!"
Steven says: "They got into everything!"
Steven says: "Not cool!"
Garnet punches and poofs it. Steven then notices that the fridge is full of Cookie Cats.
Steven says: "No way."
Steven says: "I-it can't be!"
Steven says: "Wha-where did you get these?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "I thought they stopped making them!"
Pearl says: "*closes the fridge* Well, we heard that, too, and since they're your favorite..."
Amethyst says: "We went out and stole a bunch."
Pearl says: "*grunts at Amethyst* I went back and paid for them."
Garnet says: "The whole thing was my idea."
Amethyst says: "It was everyone's idea."
Garnet says: "Not really."
Pearl says: "All that matters is that Steven is happy."
Steven starts singing the "Cookie Cat" jingle.
Steven says: "*rapping* ♪ Oohhhhh!"
Steven says: "/ He's a frozen treat with an all new taste!"
Steven says: "/ 'cause he came to this planet from outer space!"
Steven says: "/ A refugee of an interstellar war!"
Steven says: "/ But now he's at your local grocery store!"
Steven says: "/ Cookie Cat!"
Steven says: "He's a pet for your tummy!"
Steven says: "/ Cookie Cat!"
Steven says: "He's super duper yummy!"
Steven says: "/ Cookie Cat!"
Steven says: "He left his family behind!"
Steven says: "/ Cookie Caaaaat!"
Steven says: "♪ *spoken* Now available at Gurgens off Route 109!"
The Gems burst out in laughter and applause.
Steven says: "I can't believe you did this."
Steven says: "I'm gonna save these forever!"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "right after I eat this one."
Steven says: "*tears open the wrapper of a Cookie Cat* Hello, old friend."
Steven says: "*bites into it* Oh, so good!"
Steven says: "I like to eat the ears first."
Amethyst says: "Uh, Steven..."
Steven says: "Wha-?"
Steven says: "*lifts his shirt* My gem!"
Amethyst says: "Quick, try and summon your weapon!"
Steven says: "I don't know how!"
Steven says: "*panicking* Aaaah, it's fading!"
Steven says: "How do I make it come back?!"
Steven says: "!"
Pearl says: "Calm down, Steven."
Pearl says: "Breathe, don't force it."
Amethyst says: "Yeah, and try not to poop yourself either."
Garnet says: "Please, don't."
Steven's gem's glow fades away, everyone collectively sigh.
Steven says: "Ah, I was really close that time!"
Steven says: "Can one of you just explain how to summon a weapon?"
Pearl says: "*singsong voice* Oh, I'll go first!"
Trans. Ext. Hill with a blossoming tree with falling petals.
Pearl says: "Pay attention to these petals, Steven."
Pearl says: "The petals' dance seems improvised, but it is being calculated in real time based on the physical properties of this planet."
Pearl says: "With hard work and dedication, you can master the magical properties of your gem and perform your own dance!"
Pearl says: "*summons her spear from her gem* Like so."
Trans. Ext. the Big Donut.
Steven says: "*tosses a bunch of petals in the air* Wah!"
Amethyst says: "Did Pearl tell you the "petal thing"?"
Steven says: "Yeah, I need to practice really hard so I can dance like a tree..."
Steven says: "I think."
Amethyst says: "Listen Steven, all that practice stuff is no fun."
Amethyst says: "Whenever I need to summon my weapon, it just happens."
Amethyst says: "*summons her whip and breaks a nearby garbage container in two* See?"
Amethyst says: "Didn't try at all."
Lars says: "Aaah!"
Lars says: "Again?!"
Lars says: "!"
Trans. Ext. top of Crystal Temple near light house.
Steven says: "So I'm supposed to work really hard and not try at all at the same time?"
Garnet says: "Yes."
Steven already never listens.
Garnet says: "Or..."
Garnet says: "you could link your mind with the energy of all existing matter."
Garnet says: "Channeling the collective power of the universe through your gem, which results in—"
Garnet says: "*summons her gauntlets* At least that's my way of doin' it."
Trans. Int. Beach House kitchen.
Steven says: "I think my best bet is to recreate what happened the last time my gem glowed."
Steven says: "So..."
Steven says: "*points as he directs the Gems* Garnet and Amethyst were here."
Steven says: "Pearl was next to the fridge."
Steven says: "Hmm."
Steven says: "Amethyst, I think your arms were crossed?"
Amethyst says: "Okay, your majesty."
Steven says: "And Pearl, your foot was like this."
Pearl says: "I don't think it works this way, Steven."
Steven says: "And Garnet, uh..."
Steven says: "*squishes and moves her face upward* Yeah."
Steven says: "*retrieved the half-eaten Cookie Cat from before from the fridge* Then I took a bite of this Cookie Cat."
Steven says: "Oh, wait!"
Steven says: "I sang the song first."
Nothing happens.
Steven says: "Awww, it was funnier last time."
Steven says: "*lifts his shirt to see his gem and sigh* Maybe I'm not a real Crystal Gem."
Pearl says: "*bends down next to Steven* Don't be silly, Steven."
Pearl says: "Of course you are."
Amethyst says: "And you're fun to have around, even if your gem is useless."
Steven says: "Yeah, even if I don't have powers, I've still got..."
Steven says: "Cookie Cat!"
Steven says: "*takes a bite* Mmm, so good."
Steven’s gem begins to glow again, and a shield materializes in front of him. The Gems collectively gasp.
Pearl says: "*amazed* Steven, it's a shield!"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Whoa, what?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "I get a shield?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "Oh..."
Steven says: "YEAH!"
Steven accidentally launches his shield which ricochets all around the room, before smashing into Steven's TV. Amethyst bursts out laughing while Pearl groans in disappointment.
Steven says: "Huh?"
Steven says: "Cookie Cat!"
Steven says: "I summon my weapon by eating ice cream!"
Pearl says: "*picks up the wrapper on the floor* What's in these things?"
The house begins to rumbles. Silhouettes of Centipeetles can be seen outside the window. Steven's shield also disappears, leaving a dent in the TV.
Steven says: "What was that?"
Trans. Ext. Crystal Temple.
Garnet says: "It's the Mother!"
Pearl says: "Stay in the house, Steven!"
Steven says: "No way, I'm coming too!"
Garnet begins her assault at the Centipeetle Mother. The battle descends towards the beach, as the Crystal Gems brace themselves for battle. The Centipeetle Mother sprays a stream of acid towards them, which they dodge out of the way and take refuge behind a broken hand statue of the temple on the beach. The Centipeetle Mother continues spraying acid, dealing considerable damage to the hand statue as it begins to melt.
Amethyst says: "We could really use Steven's shield right about now!"
Steven says: "*chucks pebble at Mother* Hey!"
Steven says: "*plants the freezer into the ground* Leave them alone!"
Garnet says: "Steven, no!"
Pearl says: "Steven, no!"
Amethyst says: "Steven, no!"
Steven says: "Cookie Cat Crystal combo powers, ACTIVATE!"
Steven says: "*eats a Cookie Cat and lifts his shirt*  Uh-oh."
Steven says: "Aaaah!"
Pearl says: "We need to save Steven!"
Amethyst says: "Can we save ourselves first?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Steven says: "Goodbye, my friends."
Steven says: "*eats several Cookie Cats as he weeps, his stomach rumbles and still nothing happens* Why isn't it working?"
Garnet says: "Steven!"
Steven says: "*notices the Cookie Cat freezer destroyed from the acid attack and gasps in horror* No..."
Steven says: "Oh, no no no no no!"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "*slowly* Cookie Cat, he's a pet for your tummy."
Steven says: "Cookie Cat, he's super duper YUMMY!"
Steven says: "*picks up the freezer aggressively* Cookie Cat, he left his family behind!"
Steven says: "COOKIE CAAAT!!"
Steven says: "*chucks the freezer at the Centipeetle Mother's back, electrocuting her and causing her to screech in pain* Now available..."
Steven says: "nowhere..."
Amethyst says: "YES!"
Garnet says: "Gems, weapons!"
Garnet says: "Let's do it."
The Gems charge and attack the Centipeetle Mother altogether, defeating it for good. A gem falls from it and Garnet bubbles it away.
Steven says: "Farewell, sweet Cookie Cats."
Steven says: "*buries a Cookie Cat wrapper in the ground* I'll always remember the time we spent together."
Steven says: "*stomach rumbles* Shh, hush now."
Amethyst says: "Are you crying?"
Steven says: "*shouts* Only a little!"
Amethyst says: "Well, I guess your powers don't come from ice cream."
Pearl says: "Of course they don't come from ice cream."
Pearl says: "Don't worry, Steven, I'm sure some day you'll figure out how to activate your gem."
Garnet says: "Yes, in your own Steven-y way."
Steven says: "I'm okay guys."
Steven says: "I just- *stomach rumbles* Ugh, I think I ate too many Cookie Cats."
The Gems start laughing, and Steven laughs anxiously in return. The star iris zooms in on Steven, as he bends over and retches, ending the episode.
END.