The scene opens with a black screen, following the events of Super Watermelon Island, as Steven cuts his connection with the Crystal Gems on Mask Island.
Garnet says: "And Steven..."
Garnet says: "We love you..."
Trans. Ext. The Barn.
Steven jolts awake, back in his body at the barn, as the ground shakes and cracks. The chalkboard then falls on top of him, with the illustration reading "Cluster Emerges, Bye Bye Earth", and Steven screams in fright. Peridot is already standing atop a ladder leading into the cockpit of the drill.
Peridot says: "If you're done just lying there, maybe it's about time that we stop the world from ending!"
Peridot says: "Where are the others!"
Peridot says: "?"
Steven says: "*runs up to the ladder* They're stuck on Mask Island."
Steven says: "We have to drill without them!"
Peridot says: "Ugh!"
Peridot says: "AM I THE ONLY ONE WHO UNDERSTANDS THE MEANING OF TEAMWORK?!"
Peridot says: "!"
Peridot says: "Okay, Steven, are you ready to drill down into the planet to depths never before reached by your species to stop the Cluster before it forms and save your world!"
Peridot says: "?"
Steven says: "I don't know!"
Peridot says: "Don't say that!"
Peridot says: "Say "we'll do it together and it's gonna be great!"
Steven says: "We're gonna do it together and it's gonna be great!"
Peridot says: "LIAR!"
As the ground continues to shake more violently, Peridot and Steven scamper into the drill's cockpit.
Peridot says: "Ready or not, we have a mission."
Peridot starts up the drill and it begins digging into the ground.
Peridot says: "Increasing speed!"
The drill then quickly dive into the ground, digging deeply as it traverses.
Steven says: "Alright."
Steven says: "Bracing for impact."
Peridot says: "It's actually two more hours to the cluster."
Steven says: "Oh."
Steven says: "Wish I'd brought some tunes."
Peridot turns on some elevator music.
Steven says: "Uh, thanks."
Steven and Peridot remain silent as the drill continues to dig further downwards. Steven's eyes are filled with anguish as he watches the layers of rock pass by. He shuts his eyes tightly, shakes his head and begins talking to Peridot as a distraction.
Steven says: "It's kinda..."
Steven says: "freaky down here, huh?"
Peridot says: "Why's that?"
Steven says: "It's just dark, and cramped..."
Steven says: "Ngah, I can't even, gah, stretch out."
The compartment rumbles momentarily, and Steven and Peridot look around in worry.
Steven says: "How'd you think you were gonna get everyone in here anyway?"
Peridot says: "I don't know, they'd shrink or something."
Peridot says: "We didn't have a lot of time to plan."
Steven says: "So..."
Steven says: "what is the plan?"
Peridot says: "We have a drill."
Peridot says: "We're going to drill."
Peridot says: "Get ready - we're about to penetrate the asthenosphere!"
Steven says: "Whoa, it's all lava!"
Peridot says: "Lava is what comes out of volcanoes."
Peridot says: "That's super-heated peridotite."
Steven says: "Peridot..."
Steven says: "ite?"
Peridot says: "Yeah."
Peridot says: "It's made of the same stuff as Peridots."
Steven says: "You were made on Homeworld, right?"
Peridot says: "Mmhmm."
Steven says: "What was it like?"
Peridot says: "I didn't exist."
Peridot says: "Then I did."
Peridot says: "I don't have memories of it, just feelings."
Peridot says: "I know I can never go back to Homeworld, but it's hard."
Peridot says: "Not to have some feelings for where you came from."
Steven stares at Peridot, spotting a tear welling in the corner of her eye. She then quickly wipes it away.
Peridot says: "But it's fine!"
Peridot says: "*blushes slightly* I have something different now."
Steven says: "What's that?"
Peridot says: "You know!"
Peridot says: "You..."
Peridot says: "guys."
Steven smiles, when banging is heard atop the compartment.
Steven says: "*looks up fearfully* What's that sound?"
A red hand suddenly pushes against the cockpit glass, causing Steven to back away in shock.
Steven says: "*gasps* A Gem mutant!"
Peridot says: "They must've buried some prototypes with the Cluster."
More banging is heard outside the compartment.
Steven says: "They're all over us!"
Steven says: "They're attacking the drill!"
Steven says: "What do we do?"
Peridot presses a button on the panel and a weaponized CCTV camera pops out from atop the cockpit, knocking a Gem mutant away.
Peridot says: "Pearl didn't think it was necessary, but I never leave home without a blast cannon."
Live footage of the Gem mutants is displayed on the panel as an aiming guide. Steven begins controlling the cannon with the controller, blasting away the Gem mutants off the drill.
Steven says: "Something doesn't feel right about this."
Peridot says: "Then use the D-pad."
Steven says: "No, it's just..."
Steven says: "ngah."
Steven says: "These things."
Steven says: "We can't just leave their gems out there."
Steven says: "They're going to form again later."
Steven says: "If I could just bubble them, then, they'd be safe."
A Gem mutant arm, climbing atop the drill, loosens its grip and falls off into the magma.
Steven says: "C'mon!"
Steven says: "We've gotta help them."
Peridot says: "There is no helping them."
Peridot says: "They're too broken."
Peridot says: "The beings who used to be in those shards are so shattered, they don't know who they are, or what's happening around them."
Peridot says: "They just seek out other gems, looking for the missing pieces of themselves."
Peridot says: "Trying to make themselves whole."
A red Gem mutant hand tries to reach out to the camera, and Steven blasts it away.
Peridot says: "These early experiments only combine two or three shards."
Peridot says: "The cluster will be a billion times bigger."
Peridot says: "An inseparable fusion capable of destroying worlds, starting with this one."
The drill eventually hits a layer of dense rock and begins to shake.
Peridot says: "We're hitting some denser rock!"
Peridot says: "This is it!"
The drill pierces through the ceiling of a huge opening and stops. Peridot looks around the opening with mobile binoculars with a flashlight attached to it.
Peridot says: "Recovery depth achieved."
Peridot says: "Target found."
Steven says: "Is that..."
Peridot says: "The Cluster."
The Cluster and its surroundings start to tremor. Steven and Peridot shout in panic.
Steven says: "What's happening?"
White matter begin to ripple and surrounds the surface of the Cluster.
Peridot says: "It's too late!"
Peridot says: "It's taking form!"
The white matter begins to expand and rises up from the Cluster towards the drill.
Peridot says: "Steven, I'm sorry I couldn't save you or the billions of other lifeforms who matter far, far less to me."
Peridot says: "Do you have any last words?!"
Peridot says: "!"
Steven says: "I love you, Peridot."
Peridot says: "..."
Peridot says: "Wow, thanks."
The cockpit shakes violently and Peridot hugs Steven back. The white matter begin rushes upwards up the hole, surrounding the drill in it. The lights in the compartment flicker and voices can be heard crying out from below. After a moment, the white matter stop rising, shaping into white hands, and reside back down to the Cluster, brushing past the drill. Steven and Peridot observes the Cluster's activity on the compartment screen, as white outstretched arms wiggle around on the surface.
Peridot says: "It's still struggling to take its form!"
Peridot says: "This means we still might have time."
Peridot says: "There's still a chance!"
Peridot says: "*taps a couple of buttons on the control panel and holds onto the steering handles* Just a little repositioning."
Peridot pushes the steering handles forward, and the drill climb through the hole in the ceiling with mechanical legs, suspending itself above the Cluster.
Steven says: "Peridot, I don't think we should hurt the cluster."
Steven says: "I don't think it knows what it's doing."
Peridot says: "It doesn't matter if it knows what it's doing."
Peridot says: "It's still going to do it."
Peridot presses a button on the steering handle, and the drill begins diving towards the Cluster. The white matter, with visibly shaped hands, then erupts towards the drill, attempting to push it back from reaching the Cluster. Steven and Peridot scream as the drill struggles against the force of the white matter. It eventually makes contact with the Cluster, and Steven covers his face, groaning in pain.
Peridot says: "What?"
Peridot says: "Is the increased vibration causing damage to your head holes?"
Steven says: "I don't know!"
Peridot says: "We're not even piercing the crust yet!"
Peridot says: "I need to increase power!"
Peridot says: "Are you going to be okay?"
Steven says: "Yeah, yeah."
Steven says: "I think it's just the noise..."
Steven says: "I think."
Steven says: "Keep going."
Peridot says: "Affirmative."
Peridot says: "Activating triple tip penetration mode!"
The drill separates into three more drills in a triangular formation, forcing the Cluster's outreached arms to retreat. Steven, still holding his head in agony, gazes down at the cockpit floor and sees flashing hallucinations of ghoulish faces floating up towards him. He gasps in horror, as one of the drills breaks off from the comtraption.
Steven says: "Runaway drill!"
Peridot balances the contraption on its two remaining drills.
Peridot says: "There!"
Peridot says: "Just, gotta, keep balance!"
Steven says: "Okay..."
Steven looks out the window at the Cluster, with a nauseated frown. He then sees another ghostly face, its mouth widens in a groan as it rushes towards him. He screams and flinches backwards in shock, colliding into Peridot. A second drill breaks off and the contraption starts spinning around in unbalance.
Peridot says: "I don't know if it's going to hold!"
The force of the spinning machine throws Steven and Peridot against their seats. Steven grips his head and stomach, gritting his teeth in pain and begins sweating profusely.
Steven says: "I don't understand what's happening!"
Steven says: "Argh!"
Peridot says: "What's wrong?!"
Peridot says: "!"
Steven says: "I don't know!"
Steven's gem then begins to glow. Steven sits upright in pain, panting and breathing heavily. Peridot quickly notices and rushes over to face him.
Peridot says: "Steven!"
Peridot says: "Steven!"
Steven sweats and pants heavily. He looks up again and sees a hallucination of ghoulish faces floating upwards. His seat is suspended among them, and Peridot is gone.
Steven says: "Peridot?"
Steven says: "Peridot?"
Steven's gem glows brighter and his seat dissipates, causing him to float into the darkness. Steven then slowly wakes up, finding himself suspended in what appears to be a starry sky with multiple voices echoing all around.
Gem Shards says: "Must..."
Gem Shards says: "Have to..."
Gem Shards says: "Want to..."
Gem Shards says: "Need to..."
Gem Shards says: "Have to..."
Steven soon realizes the "stars" are actually Gem shards, floating all around him.
Gem Shards says: "Want to..."
Gem Shards says: "Need to..."
Gem Shards says: "Want to..."
A Gem shard floats past Steven. A small broken voice can be heard from it as its glow pulsates.
Gem Shard #1.
Steven says: "You..."
Steven says: "want to?"
Steven says: "Want to what?"
A strong white light envelops Steven and the voices cry out in unison.
Gem Shards says: "FORM!"
Steven screams and covers his ears.
Steven says: "Please!"
Steven says: "Stop!"
The light subsides and the voices calm.
Steven says: "It's the Cluster."
Steven says: "I'm talking to the Cluster?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "But..."
Steven says: "how did I get inside your brain?"
Steven says: "Brains?"
The Cluster says: "Have to..."
The Cluster says: "Want to..."
The Cluster says: "Need to..."
The Cluster says: "MUST!"
Steven says: "*gasps* Wait!"
Steven says: "Please don't take form!"
The light returns and the Cluster chants aggressively.
The Cluster says: "Form!"
The Cluster says: "Form!"
The Cluster says: "Form!"
The Cluster says: "Form!"
The Cluster says: "Want form!"
The Cluster says: "Want form!"
The Cluster says: "FORM!!!!"
Steven covers his ears, and the light and chanting subside again.
Steven says: "Maybe instead of forming you could do something else?"
The light and chant return, forcing Steven to cover his ears.
The Cluster says: "FORM!!!"
Steven says: "Boy, you've sure got the one-trackiest mind I ever met."
The Cluster says: "Need FORM!!!!!"
Steven says: "Agh!"
The Cluster says: "To be whole."
Steven says: "Whole?"
Steven notices the Gem shard that floated past him earlier.
Steven says: "Oh."
Gem Shard #1.
Have to...
Steven says: "You're shards."
Steven says: "You just wanna find the rest of your gems."
Steven says: "But forming won't help you find the rest of yourselves."
Steven says: "You'll just destroy the Earth!"
The Cluster says: "No."
The Cluster says: "No, no."
The Cluster says: "No!"
The Cluster says: "No."
Steven says: "But if you wanna find other gems, there's so many of you right here!"
Steven says: "Look."
Steven says: "*pushes a shard next to another* Shard, meet shard!"
The shards glow weakly as they begin to converse.
Gem Shard #2.
Have to...
Gem Shard #3.
Want to...
Steven says: "See?"
Steven says: "You already have so much to talk about."
The Cluster's voices raise in commotion as they begin to speak to each other. Bubbles of light surround Steven as he smiles.
The Cluster says: "Hi!"
The Cluster says: "Oh, hi!"
The Cluster says: "Hi!"
The Cluster says: "Hi!"
The Cluster says: "Hi!"
The Cluster says: "Oh, hi!"
The Cluster is soon engulfed in a warm bright light.
Steven says: "This is great!"
Steven says: "You don't even need to form."
Steven says: "You can just stay here!"
The Cluster says: "Want to stay."
Links form between bubbles of light. The light then suddenly subsides momentarily, then bursts back again, with the Cluster crying out in anguish.
The Cluster says: "Can't stop!"
The Cluster says: "Going to form!"
The Cluster says: "Can't stop!"
The Cluster says: "Going to form!"
The Cluster says: "Help!"
The Cluster says: "Help!"
The Cluster says: "Help!"
Steven says: "It's okay."
Steven says: "If I just bubble you, you won't have to come out."
Steven says: "It'll keep you safe."
Steven says: "Here, look, like this!"
Steven begins bubbling the shards near him.
Steven says: "I can bubble you!"
Steven says: "I can bubble you!"
Steven says: "I can bubble you!"
Steven says: "*becomes exhausted* Ah."
Steven says: "Well, that's five."
Steven says: "Out of..."
Steven says: "*looks at the billions of shards scattered all around* Oh jeez..."
Steven says: "I'm sorry!"
Steven says: "I can't do it alone!"
The bubbles of light pulsate around Steven, pushing him to and fro. Steven starts to float away from the Cluster and he tries to reach back out to the light with no success. As he wakes up, a worried Peridot is in front of him.
Peridot says: "Steven!"
Peridot says: "Wake up!"
Once Steven regains consciousness, he sits upright and gasps.
Steven says: "It doesn't wanna form!"
Peridot says: "What?"
Steven says: "We gotta put it in a bubble!"
Peridot says: "Bubble that?!"
Peridot says: "!"
Peridot says: "Hah, there's no way!"
Small bubbles then begin to form on the Cluster's surface.
Steven says: "*gasps* They're bubbling each other!"
Steven bends down on one knee and places his hands on the cockpit floor.
Steven says: "I've got you."
Steven says: "You've got this."
Steven says: "We've all got each other!"
With the help of the Gem shards, Steven manages to encase the Cluster in a huge pink bubble.
Trans. Ext. The Barn.
The drill climbs back out of its hole near the barn with its mechanical legs and collapses onto the ground. Steven and Peridot then tumble out of the cockpit.
Peridot says: "hugs Steven* You did it!"
Steven says: "We did it together."
Steven says: "And it was great!"
Steven hears the nearby warp pad activating, and sees the Crystal Gems returning, with Garnet carrying an unconscious Lapis in her arms. Steven and Peridot then run over to them.
Steven says: "Guys!"
Steven says: "You're back!"
Steven says: "I-is Lapis okay?"
Garnet says: "She'll be fine."
Pearl says: "You look happy!"
Pearl says: "Uh, did you destroy the Cluster?"
Steven says: "No, I talked to it."
Pearl says: "What?"
Steven says: "It doesn't wanna destroy the Earth."
Steven says: "It just wants company."
Steven says: "And it's got it now."
Steven says: "It's like a bajillion people!"
Steven says: "They'll have lots of time to get to know each other, now that they're in a bubble."
Pearl says: "How on Earth did you bubble that whole thing?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Steven says: "We had a little help."
The scene pans rapidly down to the Cluster, now surrounded in a pink bubble, laying dormant once again in the planet's core.
END.