Open Ext. The Barn, Evening.
Steven knocks on the front door of the barn.
Steven says: "Peridot!"
Steven says: "Lapis!"
Steven says: "I'm here!"
Steven says: "Did you forget your favorite Steven was coming over to spend the night?"
There is no answer from inside. Steven looks around and spots an alien mask ornament, with antlers on top and a rope hanging out of it, at the side of the barn.
Steven says: "Aha!"
Steven says: "A door knocky thing!"
Steven says: "Eh!"
Steven pulls on the rope, and the whole ornament falls apart. He then turns around and sees a corn field in front of the barn.
Steven says: "Hey, that looks new."
Steven begins to walk through the corn field while holding the alien mask and antlers horn.
Steven says: "Peridot, Lapis!"
Steven says: "I-I'm sorry I broke your door thingy!"
Steven says: "I wanted to fix it, but I don't know how it goes together!"
Steven says: "Makes a pretty neat mask though."
Steven says: "*sees more rows of crops ahead* Wow!"
Steven says: "Did I just die and go to the back of a cereal box?"
Steven steps forward, when sprinkler systems start up at his side. He screams in surprise, which catches Lapis' attention, who is activating the sprinkler systems with her water abilities.
Lapis says: "Hi, Steven!"
Peridot says: "Steven!"
Peridot says: "*riding by on a tractor in the background* I'm on a tractor!"
Lapis says: "Did I spray you by accident?"
Steven says: "Just a little."
Lapis says: "Haha."
Lapis says: "So glad you could make it."
Peridot says: "Steven!"
Peridot says: "How do you like our little-  Ough!"
Peridot says: "Experiment?"
Steven says: "It's amazing."
Steven says: "What made you want to start farming stuff all of a sudden?"
Peridot says: "I have all the skills required for growing Gems."
Peridot says: "I figured, why not try growing something else?"
Peridot says: "*jumps off of the tractor* Who knows?"
Peridot says: "Maybe they're ready right now!"
Peridot pulls an ear of corn off a corn stalk.
Peridot says: "Hello, corn."
Peridot says: "*waits for a response* Maybe she can't hear me in there?"
Peridot says: "*examines the corn* I MADE YOU IN MY IMAGE, YOU WILL DO AS I SAY!"
Steven says: "*chuckling* Wait, you didn't think the corn was gonna walk right out of the ground when you told it to, did you?"
Steven says: "That's not how vegetables work."
Peridot and Lapis look at Steven in disappointment.
Peridot says: "It's not?"
Peridot says: "Well, then, what's the point of corn?"
Peridot says: "*throws the corn on the ground in frustration* I have to admit, I've really been starting to miss the pitter-patter of full-sized Gem soldiers..."
Lapis says: "It does get pretty quiet around here..."
Peridot says: "Come on, Lapis."
Peridot says: "Let's go disassemble the tractor."
Lapis and Peridot leave sorrowfully to disassemble the tractor.
Steven says: "All they wanted to do was make a living vegetable..."
Steven says: "Wait!"
Steven says: "I know how to do that!"
Steven says: "Garnet says not to lick stuff I find on the ground, but this is for a good cause."
Steven picks up a pumpkin seed on the ground, licks it, and sticks it into the soil.
Time-Skip; The Next Day.
Peridot is dragging Steven excitedly through the corn field.
Peridot says: "Hurry, Steven!"
Steven says: "Peridot, slow down!"
Peridot says: "But you need to see, we did it!"
Steven sees Lapis observing a small living pumpkin, jumping and barking around like a dog.
Peridot says: "Guess you don't know how vegetables work after all."
Steven says: "Heheh."
Steven says: "Yeah, you guys sure showed me."
Peridot says: "Come now, my little creation!"
Peridot says: "You can assist in harvesting the rest of your kind."
Peridot detaches the pumpkin dog from its stem and holds it in her hand. The pumpkin dog jumps out of her hand and runs towards Steven.
Steven says: "Uhh..."
Steven says: "Must be the pumpkin treats in my back pocket."
Steven says: "Heheh..."
Peridot says: "*walks towards Steven* That doesn't make sense."
Peridot says: "We made it!"
Peridot says: "It should listen to us!"
Lapis says: "*walks up besides Peridot* It's only just come into existence, and it already doesn't like us."
Steven says: "Oh, come on."
Steven says: "Go to Peridot and Lapis!"
Steven pushes the pumpkin dog closer to Peridot and Lapis, but it then jumps into Steven's arms.
Steven says: "Oop!"
Steven says: "I'm sorry, I think he's coming to me because..."
Steven says: "I'm the one who made him."
Peridot says: "Oh."
Peridot says: "That explains it."
Lapis says: "Well, we made this one."
Peridot says: "It's..."
Peridot says: "okay."
Peridot says: "But look at Steven's."
Peridot says: "It has a face and everything..."
Lapis says: "It's true."
Lapis says: "Ours..."
Lapis says: "doesn't have a face..."
Steven says: "Oh no!"
Steven says: "Don't be sad!"
Steven says: "Wait right here."
Steven says: "I have an idea."
Steven runs toward the pumpkin field and the pumpkin dog follows.
Steven says: "My dad showed me how to do this once."
Steven says: "*picks up a trowel* First we make a mouth."
Steven says: "Nyeh!"
Steven slits a smile onto the pumpkin with the trowel, as the pumpkin dog watches confusedly.
Steven says: "Then we make two..."
Steven says: "eyes."
Steven jabs two holes into the pumpkin for the eyes, and the pumpkin dog whimpers in fear.
Steven says: "Hmm..."
Steven says: "Looking pretty good."
Steven says: "Oh, you know what?"
Steven says: "I almost forgot a really important step."
Steven says: "*carves an opening on the pumpkin* You have to hollow it out!"
Steven dumps the pumpkin guts out of the pumpkin onto the ground. The pumpkin dog freaks out and jumps into Lapis' arms.
Peridot says: "Yay!"
Peridot says: "It loves us now."
Peridot says: "Awww, it's okay, Veggie Head."
Peridot says: "That brute can't get you now."
Steven says: "Oh."
Steven says: "Heheheh."
Steven says: "It's nice to have a new addition to the family."
Suddenly, a plane flies overhead, and Steven, Peridot, and Lapis look up in surprise.
Steven says: "Huh?"
Trans. Ext. the Barn.
The plane is parked near the barn and the pilot is standing in front of the barn, yelling in disbelief.
Pilot says: "Ah-what?!"
Pilot says: "!"
Pilot says: "What the..."
Pilot says: "?!"
Pilot says: "!"
Pilot says: "Hobos broke into the barn!"
Steven, Peridot, and Lapis arrive.
Peridot says: "Hey!"
Peridot says: "Don't you touch our things!"
Pilot says: "You're hobettes?"
Pilot says: "A hobo is a man's job."
Lapis says: "Who's the human and what's he yelling about?"
Peridot says: "The real question is: where are my attack drones?"
Pilot says: "Wait a minute."
Pilot says: "Those mysterious constructions, your weird appearance, your strange jewels."
Pilot says: "I know what you are."
Pilot says: "You're hippies!"
Pilot says: "I heard about you on AM radio."
Pilot says: "What are you doin', comin' in here, socializin' this fine, American barn?"
Steven looks confused, Peridot continues to press her remote, and Lapis sighs, before picking up the pilot with a water hand.
Pilot says: "Whaaah!"
The pilot is lifted into the air and surrounded by Peridot's attack drones.
Peridot says: "Oh, there they are."
Steven says: "Wait!"
Steven says: "Don't hurt him!"
Lapis says: "But he's attacking us, and our home."
Steven says: "*approaches the pilot* Uh, hello!"
Steven says: "How's it goin'?"
Pilot says: "Uh, how do you think?!"
Pilot says: "!"
Steven says: "Uh, yeah..."
Steven says: "We just wanted to know what you want."
Pilot says: "What I want?"
Pilot says: "I want you hippies out of my barn!"
Steven says: "*looks at Peridot and Lapis* Your barn?"
Commercial Interlude.
Some time later, Greg arrives in his van with the other Crystal Gems. Garnet, Pearl, and Amethyst approach Steven, Peridot and Lapis.
Steven says: "There they are."
Pearl says: "Greg got your message and we came, too."
Amethyst says: "Is that the human giving you trouble?"
Garnet says: "I told you you two could use a guard dog."
Garnet says: "I guess that works."
Greg says: "What're you doin' to that guy up there?"
Lapis says: "Just..."
Lapis says: "putting him down."
Pilot says: "Uhhh!"
Pilot says: "Not cool."
Pilot says: "*notices Greg* Greg?"
Greg says: "Andy?"
Pearl says: "They know each other?"
Andy says: "This is perfect!"
Andy says: "Come on, help me chase off these freeloaders."
Andy says: "They're usin' some kinda..."
Andy says: "hippie mind tricks."
Greg says: "Umm..."
Andy says: "Who told you you could move in here and mess this whole place up?"
Greg says: "I did, Andy."
Andy says: "You did?"
Andy says: "This is my parents' barn!"
Steven says: "Um, Dad, who is this?"
Andy says: ""Dad"?"
Andy says: "You mean..."
Andy says: "?"
Andy says: "No way."
Greg says: "Steven, this is Andy."
Greg says: "He's my cousin."
Greg says: "Andy, meet Steven."
Greg says: "He's my..."
Greg says: "son."
Steven says: "Wow!"
Steven says: "It's really nice to meet you!"
Steven says: "Does that mean you're my..."
Steven says: "first cousin, once removed?"
Andy says: "Forget that nonsense!"
Andy says: "*pulls Steven into a hug, which agitates the Gems* You call me Uncle Andy."
Andy says: "I'm an uncle."
Andy says: "I can't believe it."
Andy says: "*holds Steven under his armpit* Greg, ya little turd, how come you never told me?"
Greg says: "How was I supposed to?"
Greg says: "I haven't seen you in years!"
Andy says: "And whose fault is that?"
Andy says: "You thought you were so much better than us, you just got in your van and drove away."
Greg says: "That was like two decades ago!"
Steven says: "Uncle Andy, can I get down now?"
Andy says: "Oh, sorry, Steven."
Andy says: "*puts down Steven* I ain't used to holdin' nephews."
Andy says: "*turns to Greg* 'Cause I didn't know I had one!"
Andy says: "So, uh, which one of these girls is the wife?"
Andy says: "I gotta give her my condolences, right?"
Andy says: "*elbows Greg and laughs* Hey, come on."
Andy says: "What, I gotta guess, here?"
Andy says: "oints to Garnet* It's gotta be you."
Andy says: "I bet this useless lump needs a big girl to keep him in line."
Andy says: "You're not big, I'm just saying."
Andy says: "You're tall, not, you know."
Greg says: "Rose is..."
Greg says: "no longer with us."
Andy says: "Uh, wow."
Andy says: "I-I'm sorry."
Andy says: "I didn't know."
Greg says: "These people are sort of like her family, so I offered to let these two stay in the barn."
Andy says: "Yeah?"
Andy says: "Ah, well, that was real nice of ya."
Andy says: "But the barn's for the DeMayo family."
Steven says: "Wh-What's a Demayo?"
Andy says: "*surprised* Andy Demayo."
Andy says: "Greg DeMayo."
Andy says: "Steven DeMayo."
Andy says: "We're the DeMayos."
Greg says: "Actually, we're, umm..."
Greg says: "the Universes, now."
Andy says: "*gets angry* You space walnut!"
Andy says: "You didn't even keep the family name?"
Andy says: "But you're goin' around givin' family property out like candy on..."
Andy says: "some..."
Andy says: "kind of..."
Andy says: "candy-givin'-out holiday?!"
Andy says: "!"
Steven says: "You're telling me Universe isn't a real last name?!"
Steven says: "!"
Greg says: "It is a real name."
Greg says: "I had it changed."
Greg says: "Andy, look, they just really needed a place."
Andy says: "They're illegal aliens!"
Andy says: "?"
Andy says: "Wha..."
Andy says: "?"
Andy says: "You couldn't even marry an American?!"
Andy says: "!"
Greg says: "What does that matter?!"
Greg says: "!"
Steven says: "DeMayo's a much cooler name than plain old Universe."
Andy says: "You turned your back on your family just so you could get in with a bunch of weirdo, hippie, Martian immigrants!"
Andy says: "?"
Andy says: "*points at Peridot and Lapis* You two, get the heck off my planet, out of my country, and out of my barn!"
Peridot says: "Reactivating attack drones."
Steven says: "Ah!"
Steven says: "Wait!"
Steven says: "*runs to Peridot* Uncle Andy?"
Andy says: "Yeah?"
Steven says: "I'm sorry we took over the barn."
Steven says: "I didn't even know we had any other family to share it with."
Andy says: "You didn't, huh?"
Steven says: "But this barn?"
Steven says: "It means a lot to all of us."
Steven says: "We spent so much time together here."
Andy says: "Well, my family spent a lot of time here, too."
Andy says: "Once a year, we'd all meet up here, catch up, eat a big meal, have a good time."
Andy says: "Years and years of family tradition."
Steven says: "Oh, yeah?"
Steven says: "Well, we can do that, too."
Steven says: "We've got a farm here with plenty of food."
Steven says: "Let's make a big, traditional meal and eat it together."
Steven says: "You'll have a good time, and then you'll have to admit they're family."
Steven says: "And would you kick family out of the family barn?"
Andy says: "Ahh..."
Andy says: "Greg, you're lucky you got such a cute kid."
Andy says: "I know he didn't get it from you."
Andy says: "I'll give your coven a chance and eat your dinner, but only 'cause I lost my sandwich in the Atlantic."
Andy says: "Now, excuse me, I gotta go get my junk out of the plane."
Steven says: "You think this'll work?"
Greg says: "Maybe."
Greg says: "Andy's never been the type to change his mind about something, and he's really got his longjohns in a twist."
Greg says: "It's gonna take a lot to calm him down."
The Gems all walk up to Steven's side.
Amethyst says: "I don't like this guy."
Amethyst says: "I don't like some- *scoffs* New Greg just showing up out of nowhere."
Pearl says: "*arms folded* Our Greg is clearly the superior one."
Lapis says: "We're not leaving our home."
Garnet says: "Andy is a part of Steven's family."
Garnet says: "We should make an effort to get on his good side."
Steven says: "If he's my family, he's yours too."
Garnet says: "Gems don't have family."
Garnet says: "At least, not before we came here."
Garnet says: "*smiles at Steven, and he smiles back* So for the sake of our family, tell us what to do."
Pearl, Amethyst, Lapis and Peridot joins Garnet in a huddle and look at Steven.
Steven says: "Let's get cooking!"
The Gems begin to harvest the vegetables from the farm. Garnet summons her gauntlets and punches the ground, making carrots pop up into the air, and Lapis flies down to catch them in a bag.
Lapis says: "Okay, give me the next row."
Garnet says: "All right."
Garnet pounds the ground again, while a shocked Andy watches on with Greg and Steven by his side.
Andy says: "Whoa."
Andy says: "Your aunt is uh, pretty strong."
Steven says: "She works out."
Andy says: "Yeah I'll bet."
Amethyst is playing around with the pumpkin dog and she shapeshifts into one too.
Amethyst says: "Arf!"
Amethyst says: "Arf!"
The pumpkin dog begins to chase Amethyst around, to Andy's distaste, as Steven laughs. Garnet then begins harvesting and throwing corn in the air behind her, landing into the bag Lapis is carrying. The pumpkin dog is heard barking and ends up in the bag too, presumably thrown by Garnet. Garnet turns and throws a corn a little off distance.
Garnet says: "Sorry, flyball!"
Lapis flies after the corn, swings the bag around and catches it.
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Lapis sets the bag down on the ground, revealing the abundance of vegetables harvested.
Steven says: "This looks amazing!"
The pumpkin dog emerges from the vegetable pile and barks in delight.
Garnet says: "For a vegetable garden, I'd say we're pretty fruitful."
Andy says: "Is it just going to be a bunch of vegetables?"
Andy says: "*sighs* I should have figured, you're a bunch of vegetarians!"
Steven says: "A vegetable grown by a family's love nourishes the body and soul."
Andy says: "Aw, don't let them get to you Steven."
Andy says: "I'll get you a stick of pepperoni for your birthday."
Pearl and Peridot are then seen operating a machinery with a propeller. Perdiot is operating a control panel, and Pearl is inspecting the engine of the machinery.
Pearl says: "Hmm."
Pearl says: "Let's turn it down to about 2000 degrees, for now."
Peridot says: "Sounds puny."
Steven says: "*walks over* I like the propellor on it."
Steven says: "It's like Andy themed."
Steven says: "I bet he's gonna love this!"
Steven says: "*calls over to Greg and Andy* We're ready for the veggies now!"
Greg says: "Be over in a sec, schtu-ball!"
Greg and Andy carry boxes of vegetables down and set them down near the machinery.
Andy says: "Hmm, seems like too much if you ask me- *sees the propeller and engine* Oh, WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?!"
Andy says: "!"
Steven says: "Uh, Uncle Andy?"
Garnet, Lapis, and Amethyst run over.
Amethyst says: "Dude, what's wrong?"
Andy says: "I'll tell you what's wrong, "dude"!"
Andy says: "Everything!"
Andy says: "Do you not see this abomination sitting right in front of you!"
Steven says: "What are you talking about?"
Andy says: "It's the engine, boy, the ENGINE!"
Andy says: "They butchered my parents' plane and made- made..."
Andy says: "WHATEVER THIS THING IS!"
Pearl says: "It's an oven cooktop combo."
Andy says: "It's TERRIBLE!"
Andy says: "That was the heart of the legendary wings of the "Daring DeMayos"."
Andy says: "I learned to FLY on this plane!"
Lapis says: "No one was even using that junk."
Peridot says: "Now it's actually good for something."
Andy says: "See that's the problem with people like you, you think everything just belongs to you, cause nothing belongs to anybody, and you take it, and everything's cool!"
Andy says: "And it ain't cool!"
Greg says: "Andy?"
Andy says: "*covers his face in frustratation* I'm gonna need a moment."
Andy says: "I-I can't look at this right now."
Greg says: "Andy, hold up!"
Greg says: "*chases after Andy* They didn't know!"
Andy off-screen.
Right, I get it. In-laws.
Steven says: "This is going down in flames."
Pearl says: "I'm sure Greg will turn this around."
Andy off-screen.
What do you mean you weren't "technically married!?".
Greg off-screen.
Look, Andy-.
Steven says: "We gotta up our game."
Steven says: "It's going to take the ultimate party to turn this around."
Steven says: "Like, all the best parties of all time put together!"
Pearl says: "I think that's doable."
Pearl, Garnet, Peridot, and Lapis all get into Greg's van and drive of, waving goodbye to Steven, Greg, Amethyst, and Andy.
Pearl says: "See you in a bit!"
Amethyst says: "Have fun!"
Time-Skip.
Carrots and potatoes are seen on a table, as Steven and Andy prepare the vegetables.
Steven says: "*picks up a knife* Ready?"
Suddenly, the pumpkin dog, on top of Amethyst's head, starts barking in distress, catching everyone's attention.
Amethyst says: "What's going on with the pumpkin?"
Amethyst says: "Whoa!"
Amethyst says: "Chill out, dude!"
Amethyst chases after the pumpkin dog, as it whimpers in fear.
Greg says: "You sure I can't help you with anything?"
Steven says: "It's okay."
Steven says: "Uncle Andy and I got it."
Steven says: "*notices Andy skillfully peeling a potato* Whoa!"
Steven says: "It's one peel!"
Andy says: "Aunt Deb and I usually got put on kitchen duty when the family got together."
Andy says: "I peeled a lot of potatoes back in my day."
Greg says: "Aw man, what's Aunt Deb been up to lately?"
Andy says: "Suddenly you care about Aunt Deb?"
Andy says: "Ohh, "Mr."
Andy says: "Curiousity"."
Andy says: "Let's see if I can cram 20 years into a sentence."
Steven summons his shield, to Andy's surprise, and puts the cut-up veggies into it.
Steven says: "Uh, I'm gonna get these onto the stove."
Andy says: "Sure."
Steven places his shield on the cooktop, functioning as a pot, as the veggies begin to cook.
Andy says: "Hehe."
Andy says: "Hey."
Andy says: "it works!"
Andy says: "You know I guess it's good these plane parts are getting some use."
Andy says: "Maybe recycling ain't so bad."
Greg says: "Looks like you got a new plane, anyway."
Andy says: "And she's a good one, too."
Andy says: "Been all over the world in that thing."
Steven says: "You've been all over the world?"
Andy says: "You better believe it."
Andy says: "It's really something else, you know?"
Andy says: "Just you and the hum of your engine up in that thin air, no other people, no living things around to uh, keep you company."
Andy says: "*pauses* But you know, it's not like there's much for me on the ground these days either, so uh..."
Steven says: "Uh, Uncle Andy?"
A car horn is heard.
Andy says: "Your aunts are back."
The Gems return on Greg's van, with groceries.
Pearl says: "So Andy, we heard you like marriage, so we thought, why don't we all marry each other?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Peridot says: "Ta-daa!"
Peridot unveils a wedding cake with multiple figurines on it. Andy reacts with a look of discomfort.
Lapis says: "*cheerfully* We're very sorry for your marriage."
Pearl says: "We tried to cover as many celebrations in the human lifespan as we could."
Amethyst says: "Nice."
Steven says: "*gets increasingly uneasy* Oh boy..."
Andy says: "*starts laughing* Okay, okay."
Andy says: "I give up!"
Andy says: "It's too much!"
Andy says: "*keeps laughing and takes off his flight cap* All right."
Andy says: "Where am I sitting?"
Commercial Interlude.
It is the evening, everyone sits around a big table outside of the barn.
Andy says: "What do you say we get right to it, huh?"
Andy says: "And hey!"
Andy says: "If we're throwing all tradition out the window anyway, why don't we start with this gorgeous cake!"
Andy says: "*cuts a slice of the wedding cake* Dessert before dinner!"
Andy says: "*laughs and stops himself from digging in* Where are my manners?"
Andy says: "*passes the plate to Steven* Steven, pass it to your friend."
Steven hands the plate to Peridot.
Peridot says: "*takes the plate* Oh."
Peridot says: "Where are my manners?"
Lapis says: "*takes the plate* Oh."
Lapis says: "Where are my manners?"
Pearl says: "*takes the plate* Oh, thank you Lapis."
Pearl says: "But where are my manners?"
Amethyst says: "*takes the plate* Oh."
Amethyst says: "Where are my manners?"
Garnet says: "*takes the plate* Andy."
Andy says: "*takes the plate* What, you guys don't like cake?"
Steven says: "Gems don't really eat."
Steven says: "Well, except for Amethyst."
Amethyst says: "I'm good."
Amethyst says: "I had about three bottles of cooking oil earlier."
Andy says: "That's uh..."
Andy says: "all right."
Pearl says: "That's what we forgot, more cooking oil!"
Peridot says: "And the shopping cart!"
Peridot says: "We should've taken it."
Lapis says: "We could've put it in the wall next to the truck."
Pearl says: "That would have been stealing."
Steven says: "*jokingly* Cause it's made out of steel?"
Peridot says: "Didn't we save the earth?"
Peridot says: "*folds her arms* We should have access to everything on it by right!"
Lapis says: "Or at least get a discount."
Pearl says: "*interrupts Andy* Saving the Earth from Homeworld is its own reward."
Peridot says: "You know what else would be a reward?"
Peridot says: "A reward!"
Greg says: "All right, we don't wanna start another Gem war at the table."
Garnet says: "Oooh, don't start it!"
Amethyst giggles in the background and Andy gets increasingly uncomfortable.
Peridot says: "What if I just come to this table and started colonizing it 'cause "I'm a Homeworld Gem?!"
Peridot says: "!"
Steven and Lapis laugh.
Amethyst says: "*gasps* But you can't!"
Amethyst says: "This table has corn on it and it's beautiful and "we'll defend it!"
Everyone laughs along, except Andy.
Peridot says: "You're right."
Peridot says: "Now that I've spent time at the table, I can see the value of your corn!"
Everyone laughs again.
Lapis says: "Why don't you put that corn in a mirror for thousands of years and then see how it feels about the table?!"
Lapis says: "!"
Peridot and Lapis laugh aloud together, while the others stare awkwardly.
Lapis says: "IT WOULD REALLY HATE THE TABLE!"
Greg says: "You know what?"
Greg says: "Thank you Steven."
Greg says: "Putting this meal together was a great idea."
Steven says: "Oh no, I should be thanking Garnet."
Steven says: "She gathered up all the vegetables."
Garnet says: "Lapis and Peridot grew them."
Garnet says: "Thank you."
Peridot says: "Oh, but it was Pearl who drove us to the "store"."
Pearl says: "Well, I have to thank Steven for cooking the vegetables."
Pearl says: "And Amethyst, for putting out that grease fire."
Amethyst says: "And starting it."
Amethyst says: "Oh, and thanks to Greg for lending his van."
Greg says: "*laughs* I guess you can say we can thank everyone."
Pearl says: "Yes!"
Pearl says: "Was everyone thanked?"
Pearl says: "*raises her hand* Raise your hand if you were thanked!"
Everyone raises their hand, except Andy.
Steven says: "Hey, umm."
Steven says: "What about Andy?"
Peridot says: "Hmm..."
Peridot says: "Thank you, Andy for..."
Peridot says: "showing up!"
Peridot says: "Because of you, everyone came out here to the barn, and now we're all here for the first time in a while."
Peridot says: "And it's actually..."
Peridot says: "pretty great!"
Peridot says: "So..."
Peridot says: "*holds up her plate* Cheers!"
Everyone Except Andy.
Everyone laughs together while Andy looks down at the single groom figurine on his slice of cake. He then stands up in exasperation.
Andy says: "You can have it."
Andy says: "The Barn."
Andy says: "It's yours."
Pearl says: "Did we do something wrong?"
Peridot says: "I thought I said something really sentimental."
Steven then notices Andy taking off in his plane.
Steven says: "No!"
Steven says: "Wait, he can't leave!"
Steven says: "Lapis?"
Lapis nods in approval. Andy begins flying his plane through the sky.
Andy says: "Ugh."
Andy says: "*puts his hand on his face* What was I thinking?"
Andy says: ".."
Steven says: "Hi Uncle Andy!"
Andy turns and looks, reacting in shock and surprise, as Lapis, flying and carrying Steven, catches up to him.
Andy says: "Ah, wha- what are you doing, kid?!"
Andy says: "!"
Steven says: "I thought everything was going really well!"
Steven says: "Is somethings wrong?!"
Steven says: "!"
Andy says: "Yeah, something's wrong."
Andy says: "YOU'RE A MILE IN THE SKY, HANGING OFF A FLOATING LADY!"
Andy says: "GO HOME!"
Andy dives downwards and flies over the ocean. Steven and Lapis quickly chase after and catch up.
Steven says: "Why'd you leave?"
Andy says: "I'm the only one who didn't!"
Andy says: "It was your goofball father who was the first one to hightail it out of here."
Andy says: "Then after him, it was Aunt Deb."
Andy says: "She and her partner got the RV."
Andy says: "No reason to stick around with that thing!"
Andy says: "Grandpa moved to the keys, too old to make the drive anymore."
Andy says: "I was the only one who tried to keep everything how it used to be."
Andy says: "I knew what it meant to really be a family."
Andy says: "And look what that got me, huh?!"
Andy says: "!"
Andy says: "Nothin'!"
Steven says: "Ah, no wait!"
Lapis says: "Hold on!"
Lapis speeds up after Andy, causing Steven to scream in surprise. Andy groans in anger as he flies higher above the clouds, as Steven and Lapis catch up once more.
Steven says: "Lapis, throw me onto the plane."
Lapis says: "Okay."
Andy says: "What?!"
Andy says: "!"
Lapis hurls Steven onto the wing of the plane.
Steven says: "*gives a thumbs-up* I'll meet you back at the barn!"
Lapis says: "*gives a thumbs-up back* Roger."
Steven trips and grabs onto the wing, as the plane begins to wobble from his weight.
Andy says: "You're throwing off my balance, you're gonna bring us both down!"
Steven says: "Andy!"
Steven says: "I love that we both eat cake!"
Andy says: "What?!"
Andy says: "!"
Steven says: "And you have that cool hat!"
Steven says: "And you know how to peel potatoes!"
Steven says: "And you need a plane to fly!"
Steven says: "I love the Gems, but..."
Steven says: "I'm a human too!"
Steven says: "I never had a chance to know that part of my family!"
Steven says: "But now I do."
Steven says: "Andy, I want to be your family!"
Steven says: "Isn't that why you came back?"
Andy stays silent for a few moment, until the plane begins to go downwards.
Steven says: "Ah!"
Andy says: "Ah, Steven, you better hold on!"
Andy tries to maintain the balance of the plane. but in the process, tips Steven over and he falls off the wing.
Andy says: "Steven!"
Andy says: "STEVEN!"
Steven says: "*falling* AH!"
Steven says: "Float, float, float!"
Steven says: "Apple pie, video games, fresh laundry!"
Andy pulls the plane around and catches Steven in the back seat.
Steven says: "Andy!"
Andy then pulls the plane up before it falls into the ocean, and flies into the sky again.
Steven says: "That was a close one, Uncle Andy!"
Andy says: "DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA WHAT COULD HAVE HAPPENED TO YOU?!"
Andy says: "!"
Steven reacts in surprise as Andy yells at him.
Andy says: "What good to are you to me as family if you're- *turns around, revealing tears in his eyes, and quickly covers them up* Sorry."
Andy says: "Look I just- I'm just glad you're safe."
Steven smiles, as Andy pilots the plane over the ocean on the horizon.
Andy says: "It just doesn't feel fair, everything got so different."
Andy says: "I wanted everybody to stay the same, but they- they just didn't."
Andy says: "Geez."
Andy says: "What am I even doing?"
Andy says: "I got an airplane."
Andy says: "I could've been visiting everybody, everywhere they went."
Andy says: "*turns to Steven* I could have known about you."
Andy says: "I guess I could have just changed too, you know?"
Steven says: "It's not too late."
Steven says: "We're here."
Steven says: "If you want us to be."
Andy smiles in response.
Trans. Ext. the Barn.
Everyone is looking uneasy, while Peridot and Lapis are talking to the pumpkin dog.
Peridot says: "No!"
Peridot says: "Say clod!"
Peridot says: "Cl-od!"
The pumpkin dog barks in response, when Andy's plane flies back to the barn.
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Steven says: "Hii!"
Steven and Andy walk over to everyone.
Pearl says: "Andy..."
Pearl says: "it's good to see you again."
Andy says: "Hey!"
Andy says: "Uh, you guys probably got a lot of leftovers right?"
Andy says: "I-I just figured I'd come back and help you with that."
Andy says: "You know, since you don't eat and all."
Pearl says: "*smiles* Yes, of course."
Pearl says: "We'll get everything in order."
The Gems turn around and walk of, except Peridot, who pauses for a moment.
Peridot says: "*turns and waves* Wow, thanks for the barn!"
Greg says: "Hey, Andy?"
Greg says: "*walks over to Andy and Steven* I'm really glad you came back."
Andy says: "*is silent for a second, then hugs Greg with a big smile* Ah, come here you goofball!"
Andy says: "*chuckles* You need a haircut, son."
Greg and Andy laugh together as Steven smiles, when the pumpkin dog runs in.
Steven says: "Pumpkin!"
Andy says: "Hey, you got some leftovers for me too, you little- you little freak of nature there?"
Pumpkin coughs up a groom figurine from the wedding cake. Steven, Greg, and Andy start laughing together.
Andy says: "*laughing* That's, uh..."
Andy says: "*stops laughing* That's gross."
The star iris closes on Andy's disgusted face, ending the episode.
END.