Open Ext. Pink Diamond's Zoo.
The Crystal Gems arrive in the Roaming Eye at Pink Diamond's Zoo, which is being watched by a Red Eye.
Pearl says: "The human zoo."
Pearl says: "I can't believe it still exists."
Steven says: "Dad's gotta be in there."
Steven says: "We just have to find him and bust him out."
The Roaming Eye enters the ship hangar of the zoo via its ring. The Crystal Gems gasp as they notice the two Amethyst guards standing at the entrance door.
Amethyst says: "Those Gems."
Pearl says: "Amethyst guards."
Pearl says: "Right, like we could just waltz up as an ownerless Pearl, a fusion and- and you."
Steven says: "We just need disguises."
Steven says: "I'll be Esteban Universidad."
Pearl says: "Steven, it doesn't matter what your name is."
Pearl says: "We're all going to stand out!"
At that moment, Garnet unfuses into Ruby and Sapphire.
Sapphire says: "We won't stand out if we play the roles we were made for."
Steven says: "Ruby!"
Steven says: "Sapphire!"
Ruby says: "Okay, everybody."
Ruby says: "Hear her out."
Sapphire says: "Today, I'm a Sapphire traveling with my Ruby guard, and my personal Pearl."
Sapphire says: "Esteban, I've brought you as an offering for the zoo."
Steven says: "Pobrecito Esteban!"
Amethyst says: "Uhh..."
Amethyst says: "What about me?"
Sapphire says: "You're accompanying me as extra muscle."
Amethyst says: "Muscle like them?"
Sapphire says: "Exactly."
Amethyst says: "But I've never even seen another Amethyst before."
Amethyst says: "What do I do?"
Amethyst says: "What if I say something wrong?"
Sapphire says: "Just look the part."
Sapphire says: "You're new and we're rusty, but we just have to sell this long enough to find Greg."
Pearl says: "Is this really going to work?"
Sapphire says: "..."
Sapphire says: "No."
Everyone gasps in shock.
Sapphire says: "Just, stick together!"
Sapphire says: "Play it straight!"
Sapphire says: "Let's..."
Sapphire says: "change the future!"
Sapphire, Ruby, holding Steven, Pearl and Amethyst, shapeshifted to look like a regular Amethyst guard, begin walking out of the Roaming Eye towards the guarded door.
Steven says: "You'll never cage me, you rockheads!"
The Crystal Gems encounter the Amethyst guards, who look at them suspiciously.
Guard 1.
State your purpose.
Sapphire says: "I'm here to make a delivery to the human zoo."
Guard 1.
Bad news says: "The human zoo shut down."
Bad news says: "*inches towards Steven* Which means, we'll just have to throw you in space."
Steven whimpers in fear.
Guard 1.
Heh, look. He believed me.
The Amethyst guards start chuckling, when an elite Gem enters and glares at them.
Elite Gem says: "What are you doing?"
Guards says: "Nothing, Holly Blue Agate."
Holly Blue then notices Sapphire, gasps in shock and kicks one of the Amethyst guards in her legs.
Holly Blue says: "Why didn't you tell me there was a Sapphire here?!"
Holly Blue says: "!"
Holly Blue says: "What have you miscreants been saying to them!"
Holly Blue says: "?"
Guard 2.
Nothing, Holly.
Holly Blue says: "*turns to Sapphire* You'll have to forgive them."
Holly Blue says: "*chuckles* They're from Earth."
Holly Blue says: "*glances at the Amethyst guards* Ahem!"
Holly Blue says: "Apologize."
Guards says: "Forgive us!"
Holly Blue punches the guards to correct them.
Guards says: "..."
Guards says: "Forgive us, your Clarity!"
Sapphire says: "No use dwelling on the past."
Sapphire says: "I've brought a new human for the collection."
Holly Blue says: "How unprecedented!"
Holly Blue says: "Nothing for millennia, and then two humans back-to-back!"
Holly Blue says: "Well, it's probably for the best, that first one wasn't in..."
Holly Blue says: "the best condition."
Steven says: "*gasps* Dad!"
Steven says: "That's him!"
Ruby quickly shushes Steven.
Holly Blue says: "Ohh, their incessant barking, what is it saying?!"
Holly Blue says: "!"
Holly Blue says: "*laughs* The other one was loud too, and all that thrashing about."
Holly Blue says: "I'm sure Blue Diamond would want to thank you personally, but you just missed her."
The Crystal Gems sigh in relief.
Sapphire says: "Wait!"
Sapphire says: "The thing is..."
Sapphire says: "we've traveled so far, and it would be a shame to leave so quickly."
Sapphire says: "Perhaps you'd grant us a tour of the facility?"
Holly Blue says: "I would be honored!"
Holly Blue says: "Right this way, your Grand Clarity."
Holly Blue says: "*halts Amethyst* Amethysts are to stay and guard the door."
Holly Blue says: "The door."
Holly Blue begins leading the group into the facility, leaving Amethyst, groaning nervously, behind with the other two Amethysts.
Holly Blue says: "Does your Pearl always walk next to you?"
Pearl says: "*chuckles nervously* I'll just be right here."
Holly Blue says: "Hmm."
Holly Blue says: "Chatty."
Holly Blue says: "This facility originally belonged to Pink Diamond and houses and staffs the, otherwise useless, Quartz that she produced and what was her colony."
Holly Blue says: "But Blue Diamond and her trusted Agate; that's me, have been maintaining this place since the dawn of Era 2."
Holly Blue leads the group towards a door and waits on the spot, expecting Pearl to open it without a prompt.
Holly Blue says: "Is she going to do it or, should I say something?"
Sapphire says: "Oh!"
Sapphire says: "Pearl, the door."
Pearl says: "Hmm?"
Pearl says: "Oh, right, right!"
Pearl says: "I got it!"
Holly Blue says: "You are so patient with her."
Holly Blue says: "How do you do it?"
Sapphire says: "As a Sapphire, I know it will happen eventually."
After a bit of difficulty, Pearl opens the door and the group enters it one by one.
Holly Blue says: "That will be all."
Sapphire says: "Sorry."
Steven says: "Hang in there."
Pearl enters on the other side and begins closing the door.
Holly Blue says: "Do keep up, Pearl."
Pearl says: "Ughh."
Holly Blue activates a panel on the wall, and the floor beneath the group turns transparent, revealing the lower exterior of the zoo.
Holly Blue says: "The bottom half of this structure is devoted entirely to specimen containment."
Holly Blue says: "Apparently, humans don't take well to captivity, but once you understand their needs, they're easy to control."
Holly Blue reverts the floor back to its original state, and the group continues touring.
Holly Blue says: "It's tragic that Pink Diamond's existence in this universe ended up being so finite."
Holly Blue says: "But what a selfless act for Blue Diamond to step forward and spend her own time and energy preserving this place in Pink Diamond's memory."
Holly Blue says: "It's a real testament to Blue Diamond's merciful and giving nature."
Holly Blue says: "Don't you think?"
Sapphire says: "Uhh, of course."
Ruby growls in anger at Holly Blue's glorification of Blue Diamond.
Holly Blue says: "And past this way is the health reservation sector..."
Steven says: "Keep it together, Ruby."
Steven says: "Our roles, remember?"
Steven says: "Gotta Esteban it."
Holly Blue says: "And here, of course, is the human disposal chute."
Steven says: "W-Whaa!"
Steven says: "Ho-o-ow do you get in the zoo!"
Steven says: "?"
Holly Blue says: "Oh, there it goes again with its hilarious noises."
Sapphire says: "So, how do you get in the zoo?"
Holly Blue says: "Excellent question, your Grand Clarity!"
Holly Blue says: "On the rare occasion that we would need to enter the containment area, we would do so via this service door."
Steven says: "Dad."
Steven says: "That door's how we get to Dad."
Steven says: "We just need to come up with a distraction."
Ruby says: "Got it."
Holly Blue says: "As a one-way access point, there are no risks of an escape."
Ruby says: "Explosion!"
Holly Blue says: "Pardon me!"
Holly Blue says: "?"
Ruby says: "Uhh..."
Ruby says: "I just remembered I left the gravity engine..."
Ruby says: "idling!"
Ruby says: "Sorry, my Sapphire."
Ruby says: "I'm so forgetful and disposable."
Sapphire says: "What?"
Steven, Pearl, and Ruby glance at the door, signalling to Sapphire it is part of a plan.
Sapphire says: "A-A-A foreseen turn of events."
Sapphire says: "Yes."
Sapphire says: "It is going to overheat and explode."
Sapphire says: "The damage will be massive."
Holly Blue says: "My word!"
Holly Blue says: "I don't know why anyone trusts Rubies with those ships!"
Holly Blue says: "This is what happens."
Sapphire says: "If we hurry, we can disable the engine before any damage is done."
Sapphire says: "It should only take five minutes, so everyone, be on your best behavior."
Sapphire winks at Ruby, Steven and Pearl, and they all wink back.
Holly Blue says: "This way, your Clarity, although I'm sure you don't need my guidance."
Sapphire and Holly Blue walk off.
Ruby says: "*growls* I can't believe all that stuff about Blue Diamond being merciful!"
Ruby says: "She's a shatterer!"
Ruby says: "She yelled at Sapphire!"
Ruby says: "She hates fusion a-and love!"
Ruby says: "?"
Steven says: "I know, Ruby, but we don't have much time!"
Steven says: "We have to open this door!"
Ruby says: "Right."
Ruby says: "Right."
Ruby says: "Pearl, open it!"
Pearl says: "Of course."
Pearl says: "What else am I good for?"
Pearl says: "*activates the door panel* It's different from the others."
Pearl tries to operate the door panel, resulting in an error message twice.
Pearl says: "A-ha!"
Pearl taps on the door panel in confidence, and again resulting in an error message.
Pearl says: "I actually can't figure this out at all."
Ruby says: "What!"
Ruby says: "?"
Steven says: "But Pearl, you're our hacker."
Ruby says: "We don't have time for this!"
Ruby says: "Steven, help me open the door."
Steven says: "Okay."
Ruby says: "And Pearl, hack faster."
Pearl continues to hack the door panel while Steven and Ruby tries to bash down the door. Sapphire's voice can then heard, as she and Holly Blue begin to return.
Sapphire says: "*speaking loudly* I am so glad we are almost back!"
Sapphire says: "I was really enjoying the tour!"
Holly Blue says: "Yes, I can tell by the tone of your voice."
Holly Blue says: "Thank you so much again for averting that crisis."
Holly Blue and Sapphire gasp in shock, as they notice damages on the service door, and Steven, Ruby and Pearl trying to act ignorant.
Holly Blue says: "What is going on!"
Holly Blue says: "?"
Holly Blue says: "Did you see the Amethyst that did this!"
Holly Blue says: "?"
Everyone sigh in relief.
Holly Blue says: "Really?"
Holly Blue says: "We have guests."
Just then, two more Amethyst guards run towards the group.
Guard 3.
Holly Blue Agate! We have important news for you!
Holly Blue says: "We do not run or shout in these hallways!"
Guard 3.
I'm sorry. I-I-It's just that-.
Holly Blue says: "How am I supposed to know what you're saying when you're mumbling?"
Guard 4.
Uhh, I'm sorry, Holly Blue Agate. It's just-.
Guard 3.
Blue Diamond is on her way!
Holly Blue says: "Oh my stars!"
Holly Blue says: "She's back already?!"
Holly Blue says: "!"
Holly Blue says: "*approaches the two Amethysts* You two, best behavior."
Holly Blue says: "Shoulders squared!"
Holly Blue says: "Minds cleared!"
Holly Blue says: "Backs straight!"
Holly Blue says: "And surely, Blue Diamond would want to thank you personally for this special delivery, your grand Clarity."
Sapphire says: "Yes."
Sapphire says: "I suppose..."
Sapphire says: "she will."
Sapphire and Ruby start sweating in anxiety.
Holly Blue says: "Well, don't just stand there, you useless chunks of earth!"
Holly Blue says: "Make yourself useful and escort that human to the assimilation bay!"
The Amethyst guards approach Steven and pick him up.
Sapphire says: "But the tour..."
Holly Blue says: "Oh, your Clarity."
Holly Blue says: "You flatter me, but we really must get ready."
Holly Blue says: "Our Diamond will be here at any moment."
Steven says: "Let me go, you bigger Amethyst!"
Guard 3.
Heh, these newer humans are so spunky. In you go.
The Amethyst guard throws Steven into a dark tunnel and closes the door. The lights turn on inside and Steven begins to be transported into the zoo on a conveyor belt. Four Gem fingers then pop in in front of Steven and take a picture of him.
Steven says: "What the..."
Steven says: "Uhh..."
More Gem fingers appear and begin performing health checks on Steven, such as dental hygiene, photon sensitivity in the pupils, temperature, and nasal congestion. They then begin stripping Steven off of his clothes down to his pants, and which Steven smacks the fingers away.
Steven says: "Nope!"
Steven says: "I will do that myself."
Steven takes off his pants and hands it to the Gem fingers.
Steven says: "I'll just find my dad without pants."
The Gem fingers spray sanitizing mist at Steven, causing him to cough. Steven then notice a crusher-like contraption in front of him and he tries to run away in panic. He fails to outrun it on the conveyor belt, and it "crushes" onto him, dressing him in a new attire.
Steven says: "Ugh, loincloths."
The Gem finger then attach earrings onto Steven's ears, and two glass barriers encloses him in the tunnel.
Steven says: "*groans in irritation* Okay!"
Steven says: "What else, huh!"
Steven says: "?"
Steven says: "What else you got for me!"
Steven says: "?"
Steven says: "I'm on that Dad mission adrenaline rush and ready for whatever space junk you have next!"
Steven says: "Futuristic cattle prods!"
Steven says: "Human horseshoes!"
Steven says: "Whatever you got, come and get me!"
Water suddenly floods the room and a hole opens up underneath, flushing Steven into it. Steven screams underwater as he is transported through a water tunnel.
Steven says: "Huh?"
Steven says: "What the..."
Steven looks around, spotting lush greenery and trees all around.
Steven says: "What is this place?"
Steven says: "And where's..."
Steven then spots Greg interacting with two other humans by the water body.
Steven says: "Dad!"
Steven says: "?"
END.