Open Ext. Crystal Temple.
Amethyst, mostly drenched, and Pearl are playing checkers on the beach. Steven is perched on a lifeguard chair and pelts them with water balloons if they lose. Amethyst concentrates on her next move.
Amethyst says: "*captures one of Pearl's pieces* Ha, take that!"
Pearl says: "Wow, Amethyst, I'm impressed."
Steven says: "Now it's your move, Pearl."
Pearl says: "Steven, are the water balloons really necessary?"
Steven says: "Yeah, this way the moves really matter."
Pearl says: "But it's checkers!"
Pearl says: "Every single move matters."
Amethyst says: "*twirls a strand of her wet hair around her finger* It sounds like someone's being a sore loser."
Pearl says: "*starts pouting* I'm not a sore loser..."
Pearl says: "*captures all of Amethyst's pieces in one fell swoop* Because I just won the game."
Amethyst says: "Whaaa—"
Amethyst says: "?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Amethyst says: "*braces herself happily* Here it comes!"
Amethyst says: "*holds her arms out, as Steven pelts her with all his water balloons, and falls backwards on her back* Aaah!"
Amethyst says: "Ha, feels good to lose."
Pearl says: "*stands up* Ahem, I certainly hope that's not the attitude you have during battle."
Amethyst says: "Ugh, you're no fun anymore."
Amethyst says: "This is why we never form Opal."
Pearl says: "*chides Amethyst* We don't form Opal because you're difficult and a mess."
Amethyst says: "We don't form Opal because you're uptight and—"
Steven says: "*jumps in and shoves Amethyst and Pearl apart* Guys!"
Steven says: "Guys!"
Steven says: "What is Opal?"
Amethyst says: "Oh it's the two of us, mashed together."
Pearl says: "*scoffs* Is water just hydrogen and oxygen "mashed" together?"
Pearl says: "..."
Pearl says: "Analogy wasted."
Pearl says: "Look here, Steven."
Pearl says: "*starts manipulating the sand in animated figurines* When we synchronize our forms we can combine into a powerful fusion gem named Opal."
Amethyst says: "*stomps on the sand figurine* Except I don't dance like that."
Pearl says: "Amethyst!"
Steven says: "Wow, that's so cool!"
Steven says: "*turns to Amethyst* But tell me more about Opal!"
Amethyst says: "Well, Steven, she's an ultra powerful, stone cold Betty—"
Amethyst says: "That part's me."
Amethyst says: "And she's like, kinda tall—"
Amethyst says: "*whispers* That part's Pearl."
Pearl says: "What Amethyst is attempting to say is, Opal is an amalgam of our combined magical and physical attributes, fused into a single entity."
Steven says: "Wow, can you do it right now?"
Steven says: "*grabs Pearl's hand* Come on, form Opal!"
Pearl says: "We only form Opal when it's absolutely necessary."
Steven says: "Garnet's back!"
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Steven, Pearl and Amethyst returns back in the house to greet Garnet.
Steven says: "Ooh!"
Steven says: "Ooh!"
Steven says: "Did you bring me anything?"
Steven says: "Whoa, a rock!"
Steven says: "Thanks, Garnet."
Pearl says: "So, was your mission a success?"
Garnet says: "I have located the Geode Beetles of Heaven and Earth."
Garnet says: "We should split up to retrieve them."
Amethyst says: "Well I'm going with not Pearl."
Pearl says: "Well that's perfect because I don't want to go with grammatically incorrect people anyway."
Steven says: "*is biting the rock* Is her talking about me?"
Garnet says: "You three go together, I go alone."
Pearl says: "*surprised* What?"
Amethyst says: "*surprised* What?"
Pearl says: "Why?"
Amethyst says: "Why?"
Garnet says: "The Earth Beetle's at the bottom of the boiling lava lake, and only I can swim in lava."
Garnet says: "*summons a pair of goggles over her eyes* You'll find the Heaven Beetle at the top of the Sky Spire."
Garnet says: "It's safer."
Amethyst says: "You mean boring-er."
Pearl says: "You mean more boring."
Amethyst says: "So, you agree with me."
Pearl says: "*annoyed* Ugh!"
Pearl says: "Come on, you two, lets go."
Steven puts his rock down on the floor. He, Pearl and Amethyst then walk towards the Warp Pad.
Garnet says: "Steven, be sure to keep the harmony."
Steven says: "No problem."
Steven says: "*gets on the warp pad* Today's going to be all about HAR-MON—"
Trans. Ext. Sky Spire.
Steven says: "—"
Steven says: "NY..."
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "*falls* Oomph!"
Steven says: "Whooaaa..."
Steven says: "Is this where the Heaven Beetle lives?"
Pearl says: "Apparently."
Amethyst says: "All the way at the top."
Steven says: "So, when you fuse, do you turn into a giant giant woman, or just a regular-sized giant woman?"
Steven says: "Does one of you control the right arm and the other control the left arm?"
Pearl says: "Come on, Steven."
Steven says: "Wait, these are extremely important questions."
Steven says: "*at the base of a long stairway* Phew, there sure are a lot of stairs, how about you form Opal and give me a piggyback ride?"
Pearl says: "No!"
Amethyst says: "No!"
Steven says: "What about if you eat a hotdog?"
Steven says: "Whose stomach does it go into?"
Steven says: "Or do you share the same stomach?"
Steven says: "*laughs* That would be gross."
A nearby bush begins to rustle, causing Pearl and Amethyst to summon their weapons. A goat named Steven Jr. jumps out of the bush, eating a thicket.
Steven says: "*gasps* Look out!"
Steven says: "It's a magical goat guardian!"
Steven says: "Quick, you have to form Opal!"
Steven says: "It's the only way to defeat it!"
Steven says: "Hurry before it kills us all!"
Pearl says: "Ugh, Steven, we only fuse for deadly situations."
Pearl says: "*walks up to Steven Jr."
Pearl says: "* Does this look like a deadly situation?"
Pearl says: "*points at Steven Jr."
Pearl says: ", and it bites her hand* Ow!"
Pearl says: "Hey, bad mountain goat!"
Steven says: "Darn it!"
Steven says: "Aw, I'm never going to get to see Opal."
Steven sighs and starts to sing "Giant Woman".
A giant woman!
A giant woman!
All I wanna do is see you turn into a giant woman~.
The group, Steven riding on the goat, eventually reaches a broken pass leading to a spiraling passage. The goat leaps off, dropping Steven off its back, and hops across several pieces of floating platforms onto the other side.
Steven says: "Wait up Steven Jr."
Steven says: "!"
Pearl says: "*halts Steven* Wait, Steven!"
Pearl says: "I'm not sure you can make those jumps."
Steven says: "Oh, you should fuse into Opal, and then lay across the rocks like a bridge!"
Pearl says: "We don't need Opal to get across."
Steven says: "*begs* Can you do it anyway?"
Steven says: "Pleeease?"
Steven says: "It would be easier, wouldn't it?"
Amethyst says: "Not as easy as THIS!"
Steven says: "Oh wow, Amethyst, that was a really good idea."
Amethyst says: "Hah, I know, I'm full of 'em."
Pearl reacts in intense worry.
Steven says: "Ah, come on Pearl, it's safe."
Steven says: "Just look."
Steven starts wobbling the floating platform. Amethyst joins in the wobbling and it causes Steven to fall off the platform. Pearl quickly dives after the screaming Steven, with Amethyst's whip wrapped around her, and catches him. Amethyst then fishes both of them back up onto the platform.
Steven says: "That was so great how you worked together."
Steven says: "Why don't you do that all the time?"
Trans. Int. Sky Spire.
The group climb the spiraling passage and arrive atop the spire.
Steven says: "*panting* I can't feel my legs anymore..."
Steven says: "Hey, look at that!"
Steven says: "*runs over to a small temple, Steven Jr."
Steven says: "standing next to it* It's a tiny temple!"
Pearl says: "It's just where Garnet said it would be."
Pearl says: "The Heaven Beetle should be inside."
Steven says: "*peers inside and giggles* Check it out, it's even got a little beetle bedroom, and little beetle bongos, and a little beetle baby book."
Pearl says: "*peeks in too* But where's the beetle?"
Pearl says: "It's supposed to be here."
Pearl says: "The Heaven Beetle wouldn't leave, would it?"
Pearl says: "Oh!"
Pearl says: "It could be anywhere!"
Amethyst says: "*chuckles* Maybe you should freak out some more."
Amethyst says: "That's really gonna help us find it."
Pearl says: "*angered* I can't believe your attitude, Amethyst!"
Pearl says: "And now you're just slouching over here doing nothing!"
Amethyst says: "Hey, it's not my fault the beetle isn't there!"
Amethyst says: "Why do you have to make things worse by squawking at me?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Pearl says: "I don't squawk!"
Amethyst says: "Yeah, you're squawking at me and commenting on my posture!"
Pearl says: "This is squawking!"
Pearl says: "SQUAWK, SQUAWK!"
Steven says: "*runs over to stop the argument* Hey, cut it out!"
Steven says: "You're scaring Steven Jr."
Steven says: "!"
Just then a giant bird monster emerges from the lake surrounding the tiny temple. It then swallows Steven Jr. whole.
Steven says: "*gasps* My son."
Pearl summons her spear and hurls it at the giant bird monster, which it swallows, forcing the group to retreat back into the spiraling passage.
Amethyst says: "In here, guys!"
Pearl says: "It swallowed my spear!"
Steven says: "Guys this is great!"
Steven says: "Now's the perfect time for you two to form Opal!"
The giant bird monster begins pecking at the roof of the passage. Pearl and Amethyst attempt the fusion dance but fail.
Amethyst says: "So, you wanna try that again?"
Amethyst says: "With less hitting me in the face this time?"
Pearl says: "Well, it would have worked if your movements weren't so erratic and formless."
Amethyst says: "So, it's all my fault?"
Amethyst says: "Ho-ho, you totally weren't even trying to sync with my dancing."
Amethyst says: "You should know how I dance by now!"
Steven says: "Stop!"
Steven says: "Come on, guys, please stop fighting."
Steven says: "If you can't get along with each other, I might never get to see your awesome fusion powers."
Steven says: "And I might get eaten by a giant bird!"
Just then, the giant bird monster breaks through the roof and swallows Steven whole.
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Amethyst says: "Steven!"
Trans. Int. Giant Bird.
Steven gets swallowed into the innards of the giant bird monster. Inside is littered with various junk and skeletons. Steven finds Steven Jr. eating on top a pile of junk.
Steven says: "Steven Jr."
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "How can you eat at a time like this?"
Steven says: "*notices a beetle in his mouth* Hey, is that the Heaven Beetle?"
Steven says: "Let me see it."
Steven says: "*grabs the beetle, but Steven Jr."
Steven says: "refuses to let go* Hey, be a good goat and give me the magic bug!"
A rumbling occur, causing the junk pile to collapse, and Steven and Steven Jr. to fall off it. Steven now has possession of the Heaven Beetle.
Steven says: "I got it!"
Steven Jr. approaches and attempts to eat it.
Steven says: "No!"
Steven says: "B-bad goat!"
Steven says: "You're no son of mine!"
Several giant arms start penetrating from the ground, frightening Steven and Steven Jr., as they try to flee.
Steven says: "What's going on?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "Steven Jr."
Steven says: "!"
Trans. Sky Spire.
Outside, a mysterious giant woman pulls Steven and Steven Jr. out of the giant bird monster and leaps off. The giant bird monster starts dissolving, revealing several Gem Shards. The giant woman lands into the lake, carrying Steven, and sets Steven Jr. safely on the ground.
Steven says: "Opal?"
Opal looks on, as the Gems shards transform into the smaller bird monsters and start attacking her and Steven. Opal slides down the spiraling passage and jumps across the broken pass to safe ground. She then gently puts Steven down.
Opal says: "Stay low."
Opal summons both Amethyst's whip and Pearl's spear, and combines them into a large bow. She draws back the bow, generating an energy arrow and fires it at the flock of bird monsters. It destroys the bird monsters, turning them back into Gem shards, and bubbles every single of them. Opal then turns back to Steven, staring in awe, and offers her hand. Steven takes her hand and stands up.
Steven says: "*nervously* Uh..."
Steven says: "do you..."
Steven says: "know who I am?"
Opal says: "*chuckles and starts to sing* All you wanna do, is see me turn into—"
Steven says: "*gasps* A giant woman!"
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Opal and Steven warp back to the Beach House. Garnet has already returned and is drying her hair.
Steven says: "We're back!"
Garnet says: "The Heaven Beetle."
Opal says: "*gasps* I don't have it."
Opal begins to deform and split back into Amethyst and Pearl.
Pearl says: "Amethyst!"
Pearl says: "You got distracted!"
Amethyst says: "Hey!"
Amethyst says: "You were the one getting carried away with all those fancy backflips!"
Steven says: "Wait a sec!"
Steven says: "*takes out the Heaven Beetle from his pocket* I've got the beetle!"
Garnet says: "Good job, Steven."
Garnet says: "*takes the Heaven Beetle, places it in a small terrarium with the Earth Beetle, and bubbles it* I also see you helped your teammates fuse."
Amethyst and Pearl stare in surprise at each other.
Steven says: "*stands proudly* And all I had to do was get eaten by a bird."
Garnet says: "Nice work, you'll be great at fusing one day."
Steven says: "Yeah..."
The star iris starts zooming onto Steven, when he realizes what Garnet said, and the star iris pulls away.
Steven says: "Wait!"
Steven says: "I can do that too?!"
Steven says: "!"
END.