Open Ext. It's a Wash.
A red car is seen leaving the car wash as Steven waves goodbye at it.
Steven says: "Bye!"
Steven says: "Thanks for coming!"
Greg says: "Wow, two customers!"
Greg says: "The car wash hasn't been that busy since that mud tornado fifteen years ago."
Greg says: "They called it..."
Greg says: ""The mud-nado."
Steven says: "Wow, you've worked here longer than I been alive!"
Steven says: "How'd you even get this job?"
Steven says: "Hold the phone!"
Steven dashes to Greg's Van and searches inside.
Greg says: "Oh, you're getting fast there."
Steven runs back with Greg's Guitar and hands it to Greg.
Steven says: "Don't tell me, sing me!"
Greg says: "You rascal!"
Greg says: "Can I ever tell you a story without working in a song again?"
Steven says: "I'm playing it by ear."
Greg begins to play and sing "I Think I Need a Little Change" about how he came to work at a car wash.
Flashback; Trans. Ext. Crystal Temple.
Greg says: "♫ You!"
Greg says: "/ Look at everything you are!"
Greg says: "/ Look at everything you do!"
Greg says: "/ It's incredible, as incredible as you!"
Rose was seen dancing on the beach, while a younger Greg played "Nietszche's Breakdown on a record player in his van nearby.".
Greg says: "♫ And me!"
Greg says: "/ I guess I'm content to be, / On the arm of someone who, / Is as incredible as you!"
Greg waited by the warp pad at the Crystal Temple when Rose and the Crystal Gems warped back. Everyone smiled at him except Pearl.
Greg and Rose enjoyed each other's company reading books inside his van, while Rose giggles while reading "Passions of Xanxor".
Greg says: "♫ If I had my way, I'd do it all day!"
Even in the cold winter time, Greg shivered and waited in the cold without fail at the temple for Rose's return.
Greg says: "♫ I think I need a little cha-ha-hange."
Greg says: "/ I think I need a little cha-ha-hange."
Greg says: "I think I need a little cha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-hange!"
Greg bathed in the ocean and accidentally ripped his jeans running past the sharp fence wire. He even left a pizza slice on his chest before falling asleep in the sun, accidentally leaving a tan mark of the pizza on his chest, much to Rose's amusement.
Greg says: "♫ Oh!"
Greg says: "/ I always did believe, / That love is all you need, / To be a happy man!"
Rose had fun with Greg by hurling him the sky and catching him at the edge of a cliff.
Greg says: "♫ Oh!"
Greg says: "/ That may have been naive!"
Greg says: "/ I guess I need to eat, / That wasn't in the plan!"
Greg and Rose stopped in front of the Beach Citywalk Fries, only to realize they have no money. Hungry, Greg grabbed a tray of fry bits from the trash and ate it.
Greg says: "♫ And it's a full-time job admiring, / All the ways that you're inspiring!"
Greg says: "/ If I had my way, I'd do it all day!"
Greg says: "/ The only problem is it doesn't pay!"
Greeting the Crystal Gems, Amethyst elbowed friendly in Greg's stomach, Pearl coldly walked past him, Garnet high-fived him, and Rose kissed him in his lips. Greg waved goodbye as the Gems warped away for another mission.
Greg says: "♫ I think I need a little cha-ha-hange."
Greg says: "/ I think I need a little cha-ha-hange."
As Greg concluded his song, he was seen basking on the boardwalk. A bystander walked by and drops a dollar bill into Greg's guitar case. Besides a dollar, two bottle caps and a button were also inside.
Greg says: "Oh, that's not even enough for a bad hot dog."
Trans. Ext. Vidalia's House.
Greg rang the doorbell and a younger Vidalia opened the door, blowing bubblegum.
Greg says: "S'up, Vidalia?"
Vidalia says: "*pops her bubblegum* Greg..."
Vidalia says: "What a surprise."
Greg entered Vidalia's house and Vidalia began feeding Baby Sour Cream.
Vidalia says: "Ready to eat?"
Vidalia says: "You're gonna love these mushed-up carrots!"
Sour Cream patted the table of his booster seat and Vidalia brought in a spoonful of mashed carrots.
Vidalia says: "Ooh!"
Vidalia says: "Someone's excited!"
Vidalia says: "Get ready."
Sour Cream opened his mouth, and then turned away from the spoon.
Vidalia says: "Oh, you're too cool for mushed-up carrots?"
Sour Cream says: "Meh."
Greg says: "*walks in* I'm hungry for babies!"
Vidalia says: "Hey, I'm trying to negotiate here."
Greg says: "Ooh!"
Greg says: "You got the good stuff."
Vidalia says: "Doesn't your magical girlfriend know how to cook?"
Greg says: "Nah, Rose doesn't really need to eat, but I do."
Vidalia says: "Hmm."
Vidalia says: "So have you done anything lately, besides worship everything she does?"
Greg says: "I've been working on some songs for my new album."
Vidalia says: "Oh, the same new album you've been working on for six months?"
Greg says: "Yep!"
Vidalia says: "Oh, That's good."
Greg says: "How's baby life?"
Sour Cream threw the carrot mush on Vidalia's face, and she expressionlessly wiped it away.
Vidalia says: "How does it look?"
Greg says: "Hard."
Greg says: "Mind if I bum around here for the day?"
Vidalia says: "No more than usual."
Vidalia says: "Man, you're really selling me on that cereal, Universe."
Greg says: "It's so good!"
Vidalia says: "*gets up and prepares a bowl of cereal for herself too* Come to mama."
Vidalia turned the cereal box, but only cereal bits and dust flowed out, causing Vidalia to cough.
Vidalia says: "*annoyed* Thanks for leaving me all the cereal dust, Greg!"
Greg says: "No problem!"
Vidalia says: "Ugh!"
Vidalia says: "What am I supposed to eat now?"
Sour Cream picked up the spoon and pretended to eat the carrot mush.
Vidalia says: "Oh, good idea, Sour Cream!"
Vidalia took the carrot mush and spoon from Sour Cream and prepared to eat it, much to Sour Cream's displeasure. Meanwhile, Greg was in the living room, eating his cereal and watching TV.
TV Announcer says: ""Coming this fall-"  "He's a little butler with a big attitude."
Greg sipped on the milk from his cereal bowl, when he burst out laughing at the announcement of the sitcom, accidentally spilling the milk all over himself.
Vidalia says: "Whoa, my couch!"
Greg says: "*chuckles* Whoops!"
Greg says: "I guess I made a mess, huh?"
Greg proceeded to bring himself into the laundry room, when Vidalia halted him from entering.
Vidalia says: "Nah-ah!"
Vidalia says: "Take it off."
Greg says: "Oh, yeah, sorry."
Greg says: "*takes off his shirt, throws it to Vidalia, and notices the funny shirt she is wearing* Whoa, that's a look."
Greg says: "Where'd you get that shirt?"
Vidalia says: "T-Shirt Shop."
Greg says: "You bought that?"
Vidalia says: "No, it's my uniform."
Vidalia says: "I work there starting today."
Greg says: "You sold out, V."
Vidalia says: "Got to grow up sometime."
Vidalia prepared to wash Greg's shirt when her wall telephone rang, and she picked it up.
Vidalia says: "Hello?"
Vidalia says: "Uh-huh."
Vidalia says: "Wait, what do you mean you can't come!"
Vidalia says: "?"
Vidalia says: "Death in the family?"
Vidalia says: "Wait, a hamster doesn't count!"
Vidalia says: "You can't do this to me!"
Vidalia says: "Look, I- I really need-  Hey!"
Vidalia says: "Hello?"
Vidalia says: "Aaaah!"
Vidalia says: "Lousy 12-year-old!"
Greg says: "What happened?"
Vidalia says: "Listen, Greg, my babysitter canceled."
Vidalia says: "I need you to watch Sour Cream for me while I'm at work."
Vidalia says: "Can you do it?"
Greg says: "Oh, yeah."
Greg says: "Why not?"
Greg says: "I'm not doing anything, I think."
Vidalia says: "Trust me, you're not."
Trans. Ext. Vidalia's House.
Vidalia briefed Greg, carrying Sour Cream, on the babysitting task as she got ready to leave for work.
Vidalia says: "Okay, don't forget, diaper bag's over there, snacks are over there."
Vidalia says: "Emergency number's on the fridge."
Vidalia says: "*inches close towards Greg* And if anything bad happens to my kid, you better pray your space goddess' magic can bring people back from the dead, because I will destroy you."
Greg says: "Have fun at work."
Greg says: "So, how about it, Sour Cream, you ready to spend the day with your rad Unkie Greg?"
Sour Cream says: "Meh."
Greg says: "You really are Vidalia's son, aren't you?"
Trans. Beach.
Greg brought Sour Cream out onto the beach and sat him under an umbrella.
Greg says: "There you go."
Greg says: "Okay."
Greg says: "Baby Sour Cream, meet sun screen."
Greg says: "*applies sunscreen on Sour Cream* Oh, can't forget these!"
Greg put sunglasses on Sour Creams's face, and Sour Cream giggles.
Greg says: "*snaps his fingers* You're one cool baby!"
Rose says: "Hi, Greg!"
Greg says: "Hi, Rose."
Rose descended from the sky and stood in front of Greg and Sour Cream.
Rose says: "Greg!"
Rose says: "*walks up to Greg in wonder* Where did you get this mini human from?"
Greg says: "Oh, this is Sour Cream."
Rose says: "Did you make him?"
Greg says: "W-Whoa what!"
Greg says: "?"
Greg says: "*chuckles* No."
Greg says: "I'm just babysitting for Vidalia."
Rose says: "*kneels down* Hi, Sour Cream."
Rose says: "I'm Rose."
Sour Cream just smiled and stared at Rose.
Greg says: "Hey, let's show this baby how to beach it."
Rose says: "Yeah!"
Greg says: "Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!"
Rose says: "Yee-haw!"
Greg and Rose ran towards the sea and splashed against the waves, laughing.
Greg says: "That feels great!"
Greg and Rose then ran back to Sour Cream.
Greg says: "Hey, Sour Cream, look at me."
Greg says: "*laughs and throws sand in the air* I'm a sand man!"
Greg says: "*laughs again and spits out some sand his mouth* I guess he just likes sitting on this blanket."
Sour Cream nodded.
Time-Skip.
Greg and Rose lay down underneath the umbrella next to Sour Cream.
Rose says: "You wouldn't believe how long it took me to figure out that this and you are the same thing."
Greg says: "What do you mean?"
Rose says: "You're both human."
Rose says: "You have to admit, it's a little confusing."
Rose says: "You're big and can talk, and he's small and can only make noises."
Rose says: "How was I supposed to know you were the same species?"
Greg says: "*chuckles* What?"
Rose says: "I know, it's silly."
Rose says: "But then I started to notice that you grow."
Greg says: "Well, can't play guitar with little baby hands."
Rose says: "*chuckles* When a Gem is made, it's for a reason."
Rose says: "They burst out of the ground already knowing what they're supposed to be, and then..."
Rose says: "that's what they are."
Rose says: "Forever."
Rose says: "But you, you're supposed to change."
Rose says: "You're never the same even moment to moment; you're allowed and expected to invent who you are."
Rose says: "What an incredible power, the ability to "grow up."
Greg says: "*stares at Rose in awe* Wow."
Greg says: "Those would make some pretty good lyrics."
Greg says: "Hold on."
Greg says: "Watch Sour Cream a second."
Greg says: "I got to write this down!"
Greg ran off while Rose continued to watch over Sour Cream. He then returned with his guitar.
Greg says: "All right, what were you saying?"
Greg says: "Something really profound, yet relatable?"
Greg dropped his guitar in shock when he found that Rose and Sour Cream were gone.
Greg says: "Oh, my gosh!"
Greg says: "Vidalia is gonna destroy me!"
Greg began running around the boardwalk in search for Rose and Sour Cream.
Greg says: "Sour Cream!"
Greg says: "Rose!"
Greg says: "Where are you guys?!"
Greg says: "!"
Greg says: "Rose!"
Greg says: "Hyah!"
Greg says: "*shoos away a seagull and looks inside a trash can* Sour Cream?!"
Greg says: "!"
Greg says: "*looks up to the sky hopefully* Are y'all up there?!"
Greg says: "!"
Trans. Int. Funland Arcade.
Greg suddenly began playing a game machine called "Potato Bros".
Greg says: "Sour Cream!"
Trans. Int. Beach City Funland.
Greg then ran into the pier fun fair to search for the two.
Greg says: "Rose!"
Greg says: "Cream!"
Greg says: "Rose?!"
Greg says: "!"
Rose says: "Greg!"
Greg says: "Rose!"
Rose says: "Wow, you look tired."
Greg says: "Thank goodness I found the both o- *notices only Rose is present* Where's Sour Cream?!"
Greg says: "!"
Greg says: "I thought you were gonna watch him for me!"
Rose says: "Oh, I watched him."
Rose says: "I watched him climb all the way..."
Rose says: "up there."
Rose pointed to the Ferris wheel, where Sour Cream was seen sitting on the wheel frame, and Greg screamed in total shock and horror.
Rose says: "Isn't this exciting?"
Rose says: "This'll be a formative experience for him."
Greg says: "Well, not if he falls!"
Greg says: "Come on!"
Rose says: "Okay."
Greg says: "I'll try and get him down."
Greg started climbing up the Ferris wheel and eventually reached Sour Cream.
Greg says: "Phew."
Greg says: "Hey, Baby Cream, stay right there."
Greg says: "*grabs Sour Cream* Whew."
Greg says: "How can you be so calm right now?"
Greg says: "Uh..."
Greg says: "How do I get..."
Greg says: "Mmmmmmmmm!"
Greg looked down from the Ferris wheel, but the sheer height freaked him out, and he clung onto the wheel frame in fear.
Greg says: "Rose!"
Greg says: "Help me out!"
Greg says: "Are those the controls over there?"
Rose says: "Right, yes."
Rose says: "Hold on."
Greg says: "I think you got to pull one of those levers!"
Rose says: "This one?"
Rose pulled the only lever at the control panel and the Ferris wheels started spinning.
Greg says: "Whoa!"
Greg says: "It's, uh, going a little too fast."
Greg says: "Hold on, Sour Cream."
Rose fumbled with the lever and accidentally broke it. The Ferris wheel spun even faster.
Greg says: "Whoa!"
Greg says: "Rose, get me off this crazy thing!"
Rose says: "Ugh!"
Rose says: "Leave Greg alone!"
Rose, out of anger, smashed the control panel and the Ferris wheel began spinning out of control, causing Greg to scream. Rose then rushed over and used her strength to halt the Ferris wheel from spinning. Greg and Sour Cream were then propelled into the sky from the force of the Ferris wheel.
Greg says: "Noooooo!"
Rose says: "Greg!"
Rose says: "Hup!"
Rose ripped out a Ferris wheel cart and jumped after Greg and Sour Cream.
Greg says: "Aaaah!"
Greg says: "Oof!"
Rose leapt into the air and caught Greg and Sour Cream using the cart. She then began descending them from the sky.
Rose says: "Greg."
Greg says: "Sour Cream!"
Greg says: "Whew!"
Greg says: "He's safe."
Sour Cream grunted and nodded.
Greg says: "Why did you let him climb that thing?"
Rose says: "He wanted to."
Greg says: "Well, Rose, you can't just let him do whatever he wants."
Rose says: "But you do whatever you want, and you're fine."
Greg says: "Yeah, but I'm not a baby."
Greg says: "I don't need someone to feed me or change my clothes."
Greg says: "I don't need someone to save me when I climb on to a Ferris wheel and..."
Greg glanced at Rose in self-realization as they landed on the ground.
Greg says: "Oh, man."
Greg says: "I am a baby."
Rose says: "Do you want to get down?"
Greg says: "Yeah."
Trans. Ext. Vidalia's House, Late Evening.
Greg brought Sour Cream safely back home, when Vidalia was waiting for them.
Vidalia says: "Aw, look at you."
Vidalia says: "Did you have fun with Greg, Sour Cream?"
Greg says: "Oh, yeah."
Greg says: "Nothing but safe wholesome fun with Unkie Greg."
Greg says: "*chuckles nervously* Listen, Vidalia, um, thanks for the food and everything else."
Greg says: "Today has been quite a journey."
Vidalia says: "Oookay?"
Vidalia says: "Your shirt's clean."
Vidalia says: "You want it back, or are you just gonna go for a topless stroll?"
Greg says: "Hey, we all got to grow up sometime, right?"
Vidalia says: "That's not really relevant to my question."
Greg strolled down the streets of Beach City humming to himself, when he came across It's A Wash with a sign saying "Help Needed". Greg walked into the shop and took up the job. The next day, Greg began his job, wearing the car wash uniform, while singing a car wash version of "Let Me Drive My Van into Your Heart".
Greg says: "♫ I know I'm not that tall."
Greg says: "/ I know I'm not that smart."
Greg says: "/ Let me drive my van into your wash."
Greg says: "/ Let me drive my van into your wash."
Back to the Present.
Steven says: "Wow."
Steven says: "And you've worked here ever since."
Greg says: "That's right."
Greg says: "You know, people grow, whether they want to or not."
Greg says: "But growing up is something you got to decide to do."
Steven says: "Hey, what ever happened to Baby Sour Cream?"
Greg says: "No one knows."
Sour Cream then walks in from behind Greg, as the star iris closes on him.
Sour Cream says: "Meh."
END.