(A scene from the movie says: "Til Death Do We Bark, I Now Pronounce You Man and Woof"."
"Dogcopter 6 says: "Til Death Do We Bark, I Now Pronounce You Man and Woof"."
(A scene from the movie says: ")"
"Dogcopter 6 says: ")"
Drew says: "I know you're eager to chase the mail truck, Dogcopter."
Drew says: "But the mail truck is a decoy."
Drew says: "Good boys chase the blue car."
Drew says: "Be a good boy, Dogcopter."
Dogcopter flies to the blue car, opens the trunk, and removes a bomb and a small box.
Drew says: "Nice work, DC!"
Drew says: "Now get the bomb off the bridge!"
Drew says: "We're almost out of time!"
The timer runs out on the bomb and Dogcopter throws it off the bridge. He is thrown to the ground by the explosion.
Drew says: "Dogcopter!"
Drew says: "No!"
Drew runs up to him.
Drew says: "Dogcopter, I-I can't lose you."
Dogcopter wakes up and opens the small box revealing a ring shaped like a dog bone.
Drew says: "Is this..."
Drew says: "what I think it is?"
Announcer says: "Dogcopter 6: Till Death Do We Bark: I Now Pronounce You Man And Woof!"
Trans. Int. Steven's room.
Zoom out to reveal Steven sitting on his bed watching TV.
Steven says: "Everyone's getting married but me!"
Steven says: "*turns pink* Ughhh!"
Steven says: "I feel like poop."
Steven grabs his phone and calls the Gems.
Steven says: "I wish the Gems weren't doing a field trip this week."
Steven says: "I wonder if they have any reception."
The Gems don't pick up.
Steven says: "I guess not."
Steven looks upset as he looks at Connie's name in his contact list, then he calls his Dad. Greg picks up and Steven gets happy as he returns to his normal color.
Gregon phone.
Hey, Steven!
Steven says: "Hey, Dad!"
Steven says: "How's it going?"
Gregon phone.
The tour's been going great, what's been going on with you? Throwing any big parties while you got the house to yourself?
Steven says: "*sarcastically* Yeah, you know me."
Steven says: "But, I'm really glad you're getting home tonight."
Steven says: "I really need to talk to someone about what happened between me and Connie."
Gregon phone.
Steven says: "Wow."
Steven says: "That's—"
Steven says: "that's great!"
Gregon phone.
Yeah. You know, you were so right about this whole manager thing, Steven. I love it! I can't believe I'm touring again. Oh. We're about to head into another tunnel, do you wanna call me back with whatever you wanted to talk about?
Steven says: "I-It wasn't important."
Gregon phone.
You sure? We can stop by on our way through Delmarva.
Steven says: "No."
Steven says: "It's okay, just uh—"
Steven says: "have fun!"
Greg hangs up and Steven sighs. Then he is seen walking to the fridge, Steven opens the freezer and glows pink when he sees Connie's glow bracelet. Steven's body suddenly swells up a huge amount and rips his clothes, then goes back to normal as he throws a box from the freezer onto the floor. Steven is shocked and pants. He goes to sit down on the couch with his phone and breathes in heavily, then glows pink again as he looks at Connie's name.
Steven says: "I shouldn't worry her."
Connie calls Steven.
Steven says: "Ah!"
Steven says: "I-I'll let it go to voicemail."
Steven's right arm swells up, answering the call from Connie. His arm goes back to normal.
Connieon phone.
Steven! Are you there?
Steven says: "H-Hey, Connie!"
Steven says: "What's up?"
Connieon phone.
Steven! I've been worried about you. A-Are you... glowing?
Steven says: "Oh!"
Steven says: "Am I?"
Steven's face swells up.
Connieon phone.
Ah! What's happening to your face?!
Steven says: "*mumbles* Why?"
Steven says: "What's wrong with my face?"
Connieon phone.
Uhh...
Steven says: "*mumbles* Oh, right."
Steven says: "The swelling."
Steven says: "My body just keeps randomly growing."
Steven says: "B-but, it doesn't hurt or anything, it's fine!"
Connieon phone.
How long as it been happening?
Steven says: "Since..."
Steven says: "this morning."
Steven's face swells up more.
Connieon phone.
What do the Gems think?
Steven says: "I can't reach them."
Steven says: "They're doing a school field-trip out in the wilderness."
Steven says: "It's nothing to worry about anyway."
Connieon phone.
You really don't look well, maybe you should see a doctor. My mom can see you at the hospital!
Steven says: "I wouldn't want to waste her time."
Connieon phone.
Steven, you need to see a medical professional.
Steven's face is swelled up again.
Steven says: "Right."
Steven says: "Okay..."
Trans. Int. Hospital.
Steven is seen sitting on top of an examination table, while Connie is standing next to him, and Priyanka is talking to them.
Priyanka says: "You're lucky I had a cancellation today, normally I'm booked up weeks in advance."
Connie says: "Think you'll be able to help him?"
Connie says: "Even if this is some sort of Gem issue."
Priyanka says: "Gem issue or not, you have a human body."
Priyanka says: "Which means we can run tests."
Priyanka says: "At the very least we can determine if you're suffering from a non-Gem condition."
Connie says: "See?"
Connie says: "I'll go wait outside."
Connie says: "I'm sure it'll all be fine!"
Connie leaves the room and picks up her phone to call Greg.
Priyanka says: "Let's start with your symptoms."
Priyanka puts a thermometer in Steven's ear.
Priyanka says: "Hm."
Priyanka says: "Mild fever."
Steven glows pink as she walks away to grab a stethoscope, then comes back.
Priyanka says: "Glowing pink color to skin."
Priyanka checks Steven's heartbeat, then has a listen to his gem. It makes a sound.
Priyanka says: "Hmm."
Priyanka goes to grab a blood pressure machine, then comes back and puts it around Steven's arm. As she takes his blood pressure, Steven's arm swells up and rips the machine. Priyanka falls to the ground in shock. Steven returns to his normal color again.
Priyanka says: "*takes note on clipboard* Blood pressure is..."
Priyanka says: "high!"
Priyanka says: "*gets up* Well, these readings are certainly..."
Priyanka says: "interesting."
Priyanka says: "If you don't mind me asking, who's your GP?"
Steven says: "GP?"
Priyanka says: "You know, your general practitioner?"
Priyanka says: "Your regular doctor?"
Steven says: "I guess you?"
Steven says: "I've never been to the doctor before."
Priyanka says: "You're 16 years old and you've never been to the doctor?!"
Priyanka says: "!"
Steven goes pink and his body swells up again, then goes back. Steven pants in stress.
Priyanka says: "I-It's okay!"
Priyanka says: "It's okay!"
Priyanka says: "I'll have a talk with your father later."
Priyanka says: "We'll just need to run some more tests."
Steven looks at her scared.
Priyanka says: "Get undressed, and lets get you into a hospital gown."
Priyanka opens the cabinet and tries to find a hospital gown for Steven.
Steven says: "Is that one of those blue things that doesn't cover your butt?"
Priyanka says: "*throws the gown next to Steven* Yes."
Priyanka says: "Now lets get started."
Priyanka puts a tongue depressor into Steven's mouth, Steven glows pink again. Next, Priyanka tries to measure Steven's height, but his neck keeps changing in length. She then hits Steven's leg with a reflex hammer, triggering a bubble that traps her arm. Finally, she gives Steven an x-ray. Later, Priyanka sits Steven down as they are going through some x-rays.
Priyanka says: "So this is a typical human skeleton."
Priyanka says: "Now, a couple of months ago, Garnet, Amethyst, and Pearl allowed me to x-ray them for research purposes."
Priyanka says: "Their charts look like this."
Priyanka goes through the gems' x-rays one by one, with only their gemstones showing due to their bodies being made of light.
Priyanka says: "Only their gems appear on the radiograph."
Amethyst's x-ray shows some food and other objects that she has eaten.
Priyanka says: "*clears throat* And this is your chart."
Priyanka says: "Definitely a human skeleton."
Priyanka says: "There's a clear history of numerous fractures like here on the skull."
Priyanka says: "Everything is perfectly aligned."
Priyanka says: "It almost looks like as if the bones healed themselves the instant the injuries occurred."
Steven says: "That's good, right?"
Priyanka says: "Well, you seem to have made a series of miraculous recoveries, but that doesn't change the fact that you experienced trauma."
Priyanka says: "You've recovered physically, but have you recovered mentally?"
Steven says: "You think there's something wrong with my brain?!"
Steven says: "!"
Priyanka says: "Not wrong!"
Priyanka says: "It's that adverse childhood experiences, or childhood trauma, can have a lasting impact on how your body responds to stress."
Priyanka says: "This can affect your social, emotional, and physical development."
Priyanka says: "When humans are in crisis, the brain releases the hormone cortisol."
Priyanka says: "Your heart races, your muscles tense."
Priyanka says: "I wonder if your body is reacting to a gem equivalent of cortisol."
Priyanka says: "Steven, do you remember anything bad in your childhood that particularly stuck with you?"
Steven says: "I-I guess."
Steven says: "I kinda freaked out when they cancelled my favorite ice cream, and then I got attacked by a giant bug monster, and I got trapped in a bubble and almost drowned, I lost control of my body and turned into a blob of cats, I almost turned so old I died, Amethyst almost died, Pearl did die, Garnet got destabilized right in front of me, I woke up with a black eye imprisoned on a spaceship—"
Priyanka says: "Steven, this is serious!"
Steven says: "But—"
Steven says: "that was just the early stuff!"
Priyanka says: "I think all these experiences have been subjecting your body to a harmful amount of stress, and that's affecting your ability to respond to new forms of stress in a healthy way."
Priyanka says: "You've been dealing with genuine threats from such a young age, your body is now responding to minor threats as if your life were in danger!"
Steven says: "But—"
Steven says: "why am I only swelling up now?"
Priyanka says: "Stress is less harmful when we have people we trust to help us through it."
Priyanka says: "Maybe if—"
Priyanka says: "if you're losing your supportive relationships, or if you had a recent experience that was practically off—"
Steven screams as he turns pink, falls out of the chair and rapidly swells up, cracking the ceiling.
Connie says: "What's going on?!"
Connie says: "!"
Steven struggles to control his massive swelling as Connie runs in and goes to her Mom.
Connie says: "Mom!"
Connie says: "What's happening?!"
Connie says: "!"
Priyanka says: "I don't know, I just asked if he had any stressful experiences lately."
Connie says: "Steven, you don't think.."
Connie says: "?"
Steven says: "*continues to swell* It's not you, Connie!"
Steven says: "It's everything that happened before!"
Priyanka says: "What is he talking about?"
Steven says: "You haven't told your Mom?!"
Steven says: "!"
Priyanka says: "Told me what?!"
Priyanka says: "!"
Steven says: "It's not your fault, I think I just need you to leave!"
Priyanka says: "This is a medical emergency, I am not leaving!"
Connie says: "Mom!"
Connie says: "Us being here is making it worse!"
Steven says: "AHHHHH!"
Steven breaks the roof again and makes the alarm go off, his hospital gown rips off as he grows.
Steven says: "Oh, no!"
Steven says: "Please—"
Steven says: "j-just GO!"
Connie says: "Steven!"
Steven says: "I..."
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "can't..."
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "be AROUND YOU RIGHT NOW!!!!"
Steven's shout shatters the windows. He then breathes heavily as Greg comes rushing through the door.
Greg says: "Steven!"
Steven says: "Dad..."
Steven says: "?"
Greg says: "I'm here!"
Connie says: "Come on, Mom."
Connie says: "Lets give them space."
Priyanka says: "Right."
Steven says: "H-How'd you know I was here?"
Greg says: "Connie called me about an hour ago."
Priyanka and Connie start to leave the room.
Steven says: "Connie..."
Connie pauses.
Steven says: "Thank you..."
Connie says: "Yeah..."
Connie says: "I'll be here when you're ready."
They leave the room.
Greg says: "Steven, I'm sorry!"
Greg says: "If I'd have known I—"
Steven says: "It's fine, Dad."
Steven says: "You were busy, and I didn't know what was going on."
Greg says: "Come on, Steven."
Greg says: "Talk to me."
Steven says: "I- Well- I um- I proposed to Connie!"
Greg says: "You what?!"
Greg says: "!"
Steven says: "She said no..."
Greg says: "Oh, Steven..."
Steven says: "My body, it's reacting like it's the end of the world!"
Steven says: "I think I've seen the world almost end so many times now that- everything that goes wrong feels that- that extreme!"
Steven says: "I should be feeling so good these days, the Earth is safe, it's Era 3."
Steven says: "But I'm swelling up over these third-era problems!"
Steven says: "What do I do?"
Steven says: "How do I move on from all the stuff I've been through?"
Steven says: "How do I live life if it always feels like I'm about to die?!"
Steven says: "!"
Greg says: "*holds Steven's finger* It's gonna be alright, schtu-ball."
Greg says: "I'm here for you."
Greg's words shrink Steven back to his normal size. Greg walks up to him.
Steven says: "I just—"
Steven says: "I wanna go home."
Trans. Int. Steven's room.
Steven is seen in his bed with Greg sitting with him, Greg gives him a cup of tea.
Steven says: "I guess I thought I could just follow Connie to college."
Steven says: "Like if we got married I'd know what to do with myself."
Steven says: "But I'm the one that's gotta figure that stuff out."
Greg says: "Cut yourself some slack."
Greg says: "It's okay to be worried and make some mistakes when you're figuring out what to do with your life."
Greg says: "That's not unusual."
Greg says: "Uh—"
Greg says: "the magic swelling is a little unusual, but that's okay too!"
Greg says: "If you wanna be a giant boy, we can use the car wash as a shower."
Steven spits out his tea.
Steven says: "Dad, your tour!"
Steven says: "I've—"
Greg says: "Don't worry about me."
Greg says: "Just get some rest, kiddo."
Greg says: "You don't have to solve all your problems in one night."
Steven says: "Yeah."
Steven says: "Thanks, Dad."
END.