Open ???
The episode opens in darkness, as Amethyst's voice is heard, seemingly guiding someone.
Amethyst says: "Two steps to the left."
Amethyst says: "There's a chair right behind you."
Amethyst says: "Sit down and..."
Amethyst says: "okay."
The "someone" reveals to be Steven, as he removes his blindfold and finds himself inside Fish Stew Pizza.
Amethyst says: "Ta-da!"
Steven says: "Fish Stew Pizza- What a nice surprise!"
Amethyst says: "That's not the surprise!"
Amethyst says: "Notice anything different?"
A Gem is seen walking into the kitchen behind Kiki at the counter.
Steven says: "Bixbite?"
Steven says: "I-Is she working here?"
Amethyst says: "Yeah, dude!"
Amethyst says: "And she's crushing it!"
Amethyst says: "Bixbite is an expert at slicing and dicing, so now she can put her skills to use in a pizza shop."
Bixbite dexterously slices the pizza ingredients and tops a pizza crust with it. Kiki scoops the pizza away, as Kofi Pizza brings in a freshly-baked pizza. Bixbite then skillfully cut the pizza with a pizza cutter, and brings it to Steven and Amethyst.
Steven says: "That's awesome!"
Amethyst says: "Look at that 'za, brah."
Amethyst begins measuring the pizza, shapeshifting her finger into a ruler and a protractor.
Amethyst says: "Each slice exactly the same length; 45 degrees."
Amethyst picks up a slice of the perfectly-cut pizza.
Amethyst says: "Wow, pure perfection."
Amethyst says: "I am so proud, I almost feel bad eating it."
Amethyst chomps on the pizza slice without hesitation, as Bixbite walks away.
Steven says: "I didn't know Bixbite wanted a career in the culinary arts."
Amethyst says: "Yeah, we talked a lot about her interests and experiences."
Amethyst says: "Then, I spoke to Kofi and set her up here."
Steven says: "This was your idea?"
Amethyst says: "Yeah, and she's just the beginning."
Amethyst says: "I wanted to do something big for the school, so I've been pairing Gems up with human jobs."
Amethyst says: "The results have been amazing!"
Amethyst says: "I call it: the Gem-Human Excellence Mentorship, or G-H-E-M."
Steven says: "Oh, I get it, like GEM."
Amethyst says: "No, it's GHEM."
Amethyst says: "There's an "H"."
Just then, a Ruby, dressed in black with shades, kicks the door open and somersaults inside.
Ruby 1.
All clear, my Mayor.
Ruby 2.
The two Rubies stand on guard, as Mayor Nanefua arrives afterward.
Steven says: "You've got Rubies in your program, too?"
Amethyst says: "Yeah, and these two are Nanefua's new bodyguards."
A Ruby helps Mayor Nanefua to her seat, while the other keeps on lookout on the table.
Steven says: "How many other Gems are working in Beach City?"
Amethyst says: "Glad you asked!"
Trans. Int. Beach City Funland.
At the Funland, Steven sees various Quartzes tending to the game booths and rides.
Steven says: "Blue Lace Agate?"
Steven says: "*gasps* Biggs Jasper?"
Steven says: "Crazy Lace?"
Steven says: "The Quartzes have taken over Funland?"
Amethyst says: "Yeah, man."
Amethyst says: "Mr."
Amethyst says: "Smiley has been understaffed for so long."
Amethyst says: "I figured he could use a whole army of help."
Steven says: "*worried* Army?"
Amethyst says: "Ooh, check it out!"
Amethyst says: "Nephrite is doing some skywriting."
A Nephrite is seen flying Andy's phone in the sky, drawing a face of Steven in smoke.
Amethyst says: "With all her experience flying dropships, she's better in the air than Andy!"
Amethyst says: "Mmm, guess she's a perfectionist, though."
Nephrite begins drawing a big cross over her drawing, as several of her other failed drawings are seen in the sky. Steven and Amethyst then begin walking along the boardwalk.
Steven says: "Umm..."
Steven says: "Amethyst?"
Steven says: "Isn't this all a little..."
Steven says: "on the nose?"
Amethyst says: "Oh, oh look!"
Amethyst says: "Snowflake Obsidian and Little Larimar found some ice-related jobs on the boardwalk."
Their job in question is making snow cones; Snowflake Obsidian summons a pillar of ice, and Larimar begins scrapping at the ice, making a snow cone for Mayor Nanefua.
Steven says: "Hmm..."
Steven says: "I don't know about this."
Amethyst says: "About what?"
Steven says: "Ice Gems doing ice stuff, pilot Gems doing pilot stuff, guard Gems doing guard stuff."
Steven says: "Isn't this exactly what they were doing on Homeworld?"
Amethyst says: "Ah-huh, no."
Ruby 1.
It's just like we used to do on Homeworld! *high-fives Ruby 2*.
Ruby 2.
Thanks, Amethyst!
Amethyst says: "These are the jobs they wanted."
Steven says: "Well, sure, they think they want to do this stuff."
Steven says: "But, it's up to us to get them out of their comfort zones."
Amethyst says: "I dunno, man."
Amethyst says: "Comfortable can be good too."
Steven says: "Bear with me for a sec."
Steven says: "*turns to Snowflake Obsidian and Larimar* Hey guys, I was wondering what you two did on Homeworld."
Snowflake Obsidian says: "I dug ice trenches for their armies."
Larimar says: "I made ice sculptures for the Diamonds."
Steven says: "So ice is kind of like your default mode?"
Snowflake Obsidian says: "*exchanges looks with Larimar* Yes."
Steven says: "Did you ever think of trying something else?"
Snowflake Obsidian says: "Like, filling ice trenches?"
Just then, Nephrite flies overhead in Andy's plane.
Steven says: "Well..."
Steven says: "How would you like to fly a plane?"
Trans. Grassland.
Steven brings Snowflake Obsidian to an open grassland, where he instructs her to pilot Andy's plane, with a worrying Andy onboard.
Snowflake Obsidian says: "Uhh..."
Snowflake Obsidian says: "I don't snow about this."
Steven says: "What?"
Steven says: "Can't hear you!"
Steven says: "You're gonna do great!"
Trans. Int. Beach City Funland.
Steven brings Larimar to the funland next.
Steven says: "I had an idea for you, Larimar."
Steven says: "You could operate the Funland roller coaster."
Steven says: "It's a great job, and you get to help people have fun."
Larimar says: "What is this wonderful noise?"
Steven says: "Those are the joyful screams of people on a roller coaster."
Larimar says: "Human screams are my favorite of the Earth's delights."
Larimar says: "I want to hear the human screams forever."
Steven says: "Okay."
Steven says: "That's kind of troubling, but your heart is in the right place."
Larimar says: "One day, I'll make you scream, Steven."
Steven brings Larimar to the Appalachian control room, where he instructs her the control.
Steven says: "You push the lever up to speed up and pull down to stop."
Steven says: "Why don't you give it a go?"
Larimar says: "*steps forth and pushes the lever* Give me the screams!"
Steven says: "See, Amethyst?"
Steven says: "With just a small tweak, your good idea is working even better."
Amethyst says: "I don't know about this, man."
Steven says: "Come on!"
Steven says: "Let's go help some more Gems!"
A montage begins to play of Steven pairing various Gems with random human jobs, while Amethyst disapprovingly watches. Zebra and Ocean Jasper are assigned to Fish Stew Pizza, Bixbite to balloon handling, and a Ruby bodyguard to flower selling.
Trans. Int. Fish Stew Pizza.
Steven enters the pizzeria and sits at a table in triumph, congratulating himself for a job well done.
Steven says: "Wow, sure feels good to help people."
Steven says: "Can't wait to see how everyone learns and grows outside their comfort zones, but until then, I guess my work here is done."
The classic star iris begins to close in on Steven's smiling face... when suddenly, a pizza splatters onto his face, and the star iris retracts.
Zebra Jasper says: "Order up!"
More pizza splatter onto Steven, as Zebra Jasper forcefully shreds the pizzas with pizza cutters. Ocean Jasper puts the shredded pizzas into boxes and begins violently delivering them by hurling the boxes at people outside.
Ocean Jasper says: "Delivery!"
Ocean Jasper says: "Delivery!"
Ocean Jasper says: "Delivery!"
The Ruby selling flowers begins approaching the downed people, putting flowers on them and taking their valuables.
Ruby 1.
Here you go, and I'll take that! Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Here you go. Mission complete! *sets the valuables on fire*.
A pizza box hits Bixbite in the head, causing her to accidentally pops and loses her helium balloons with her pincer hand. The balloons float up and obstruct Snowflake Obsidian's view as she flies by, causing her to create ice in fear and lose control of the plane. Steven gasps in horror as he observes the chaos unfold around him.
Trans. Int Funland Arcade.
Steven quickly retreats into the arcade to avoid the chaos, and finds Amethyst inside, who is being served snow cone syrups by a Nephrite.
Amethyst says: "Hit me with another."
Amethyst says: "Hey, Steven."
Amethyst says: "Want a snow cone?"
Steven says: "Amethyst, I need your help."
Steven says: "Our brilliant plan is falling apart."
Amethyst says: "Why would you want my help?"
Amethyst says: "You haven't liked any of my ideas today."
Steven says: "That's not true."
Steven says: "This Gem mentorship thing was a great idea!"
Amethyst says: "It was a great idea when Gems were picking their own jobs, but you came in and told everyone what they can and can't do, even me!"
Steven says: "I was wrong."
Steven says: "I should've trusted you with your Gem mentorship program."
Steven says: "I don't know why I thought I could just..."
Steven says: "take it over like that!"
Steven says: "I'm so sorry."
Amethyst says: "Well, I'm glad you've come around, because, we've got our work cut out for us now."
Steven glances back at the chaos still happening outside.
Steven says: "No kidding..."
Steven says: "Can you help me unhelp all the people I helped?"
Amethyst says: "Yeah, all right."
Amethyst gasps in shock as she notices Snowflake Obsidian losing control of the plane in the sky. Steven and Amethyst hastily run out of the arcade, leap into the air, and they both fuse together.
Smoky says: "Smoky!"
Landing back on the ground Smoky summons their yo-yo and uses it to wrap around the plane's tail. Smoky gives a tug, but yanks only the tail off, instead of the whole plane.
Smoky says: "Oh, whoops!"
The plane continues spiraling out of control, as Snowflake Obsidian and Andy scream for their lives. Smoky summons another yo-yo and uses it as a propeller, flying into the sky and giving chase. They then summons a third yo-yo and forms a net of yo-yo strings, successfully catching the plane and lowering it to the ground.
Smoky says: "*nervously chuckles* Hey, guys!"
Smoky says: "You cool?"
Smoky says: "Get it?"
Smoky says: "Because of the ice."
Smoky says: "*chuckles again, and quickly panics* No, but seriously, I'm so sorry."
Smoky says: "Are you guys okay?"
A shaken Snowflake Obsidian and Andy nod their heads in response.
Smoky says: "Phew."
Smoky says: "That's good."
Just then, distant screaming is heard. Smoky levitates in the air and spots more chaos in Beach City Funland. The Appalachian has lost control, zooming at an uncomfortable speed, while Larimar struggles to regain control of the lever.
Larimar says: "These are not the screams I wish for!"
Smoky begins running towards the fun fair, when the roller coaster structure begins to break apart.
Smoky says: "Geez, seriously?"
Smoky says: "We're not gonna make it."
Smoky says: "Got to go faster!"
Smoky says: "Come on!"
Smoky Amethyst.
If Steven can save the universe, I can save a roller coaster!
Smoky Steven.
But saving the universe took time! I don't have any time!
More of the roller coaster structure breaks off.
Smoky Amethyst.
Aah! what do I do!?
Smoky Steven.
I don't know! I don't know! Just- ugh, give me A SECOND!
Just then, Steven's gem begins to glow, enveloping turning Smoky's body entirely pink, and they begins sprinting at great speeds.
Smoky says: "Whoa!"
Smoky says: "Cool!"
Trans. Int. Beach City Funland.
Smoky makes it to the Appalachian in time and jumps onto the roller coaster rails.
Smoky says: "Got ya!"
Smoky says: "Huh?"
Smoky notices the roller coaster and her surroundings are moving in slow motion, upon gaining a higher temporal perception due to their pink glowing body.
Smoky says: "Whoa!"
Smoky says: "Okay, that goes here, grab the phone!"
Smoky puts the cap back on Bill Dewey onboard the roller coaster, and takes a "wefie" with Sour Cream's phone, who is also onboard.
Smoky says: "And put that back here."
Smoky says: "*returns Sour Cream's phone* Okay, time to go!"
Smoky proceeds to pull everyone off of the roller coaster, bringing them back to safety on the ground.
Smoky says: "Here you go!"
Smoky tosses the humans on the ground, who descend in air slowly, due to their heightened temporal perception.
Smoky says: "There you go."
Smoky says: "*lowers the people to the ground* All right."
At that moment, Smoky's normal color returns fades and poofs away, and everything returns back to normal speed. The roller coaster is not stopped in time and is launched off of the broken rail into the ocean.
Smoky says: "Well, sometimes you save all the people, but the roller coaster still crashes into the ocean."
The roller coaster explodes in the water.
Smoky says: "And that's okay."
Tran. Beach City Boardwalk.
It is the evening, Steven and Amethyst sit on the boardwalk, eating snow cones, after resolving all the chaos.
Amethyst says: "Dude, what was that!"
Amethyst says: "?"
Amethyst says: "It was like everything was in slow motion because we were going so fast!"
Steven says: "Yeah, it was pretty intense."
Amethyst says: "It was awesome!"
Steven looks around at the Gems he had returned back at their original jobs, including Ruby 1, who quickly ditches her flower-selling job to protect Mayor Nanefua again, from an agressive dog.
Ruby 1.
Back off, buddy.
Steven says: "You know, you were really spot-on with everyone's jobs."
Amethyst says: "Yeah, I know, dude!"
Amethyst says: "*scoffs* I mean, it's not like I just guessed."
Amethyst says: "I talked to everyone about what they wanted."
Amethyst says: "Everyone here has kind of a weird history."
Amethyst says: "I just thought they should be able to choose how they feel about it and choose their own future, you know?"
Steven says: "Yeah."
Steven says: "I get it."
Amethyst says: "I feel like I finally figured out what I'm supposed to do."
Amethyst says: "I spent so long not knowing who I was or what I was made for."
Amethyst says: "I- I had to figure that out for myself."
Amethyst says: "And now, I think I'm good at helping other Gems figure that out for themselves, too."
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Amethyst says: "So!"
Amethyst says: "What about you?"
Steven says: "*nervously chuckles* What about me?"
Amethyst says: "Now that things are settling down a bit, what are you going to do?"
Amethyst says: "Come on!"
Amethyst says: "Let's talk about your future!"
Amethyst says: "Ha!"
Amethyst says: "The doctor is in; the first session is free."
Steven says: "*chuckles* I don't know."
Steven says: "I still want to help people, but..."
Steven says: "Maybe I'm losing my touch?"
Steven says: "Huh?"
Steven is suddenly poked on the shoulder by Larimar, who is hiding a giant stuffed bear behind her small body.
Larimar says: "Hey, Steven!"
Larimar says: "It's me, Little Larimar."
Larimar says: "I got you a surprise."
Larimar says: "Can you guess what it is?"
Steven says: "Uh..."
Steven says: "No."
Larimar says: "It's a stuffed bear!"
Steven says: "That's so nice, but..."
Steven says: "What's the gift for?"
Larimar says: "I just wanted to say thanks for the amusement park job."
Larimar says: "I'm not great at the roller coaster operation, we know."
Larimar says: "But I found out I'm good at handing out prizes to children, and I love their laughter."
Steven says: "Aww..."
Larimar says: "It sounds just like screaming."
Steven says: "Aah..."
Steven says: "Hmm..."
Larimar says: "I think the kids really like me, too."
Larimar says: "I've never been this happy."
Feel congratulated, Steven and Amethyst share a sweet smile. Just then, the wreckage of the roller coaster drifts past across the shoreline, and Steven gets up in panic, spotting someone still in the seat.
Steven says: "Oh no, we forgot Onion!"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Eh, he's fine."
END.