Open Ext. Crystal Temple.
Steven is running from the Beach House towards Jamie, standing on the beach.
Jamie says: "Steven!"
Steven says: "Jamie!"
Steven slides in front of Jamie.
Jamie says: "Safe!"
Steven says: "We have fun."
Steven says: "*acts serious* So, you got the goods?"
Jamie says: "Oh, I've got gooder than the goods."
(Jamie makes fanfare noises says: "The Tale of William Dewey"."
hands Steven a poster says: "The Tale of William Dewey"."
reading "Beach City Theatre Presents says: "The Tale of William Dewey"."
(Jamie makes fanfare noises says: ")"
hands Steven a poster says: ")"
reading "Beach City Theatre Presents says: ")"
Steven says: "Whoa, a play!"
Jamie says: "I'm holding auditions tonight."
Jamie says: "It's a local production drifting through space, looking for stars."
Steven says: "*imitates an Italian accent* If'a ya' need a great actor, you'a come to the right'a guyyyyyya."
Jamie says: "What was that?"
Steven says: "An accent."
Jamie says: "From where?"
Steven says: "I dunno."
There is a brief silence between Jamie and Steven.
Jamie says: "Acting!"
Steven says: "Acting!"
Trans. Int. Beach City Stage.
Jamie is standing on the stage, preparing the audition, and Steven arrives.
Steven says: "Jamie, Jamie, Jamie!"
Steven says: "Where's everyone else?"
Jamie says: "Uh, you're the only one that showed up."
Jamie says: "But, hey, some plays only have one person in them, so we're already in two hundred percent better shape than that."
Steven says: "That sounds like some strange math..."
Steven says: "But I'm ready!"
Jamie says: "Great!"
Jamie says: "Here's a copy of the script."
Steven says: "*reads the script's title* "Beach City or Bust: The Tale of William Dewey"."
Jamie says: "This is my first production, so it needs to be exciting!"
Jamie says: "It needs to be classic!"
Jamie says: "It needs to be fully funded by Mayor Dewey."
Jamie says: "And it is..."
Jamie says: "because he wrote it."
Steven opens the script; the first page reads "By Mayor Dewey".
Steven says: "What's it about?"
Mayor Dewey says: "*walks onto the stage* I'm glad you asked!"
Mayor Dewey says: "This is the story of how Beach City was founded nearly two hundred years ago by my great-great-great-great-grandfather, William Dewey."
Mayor Dewey says: "It's a truly important historical tale with a lot of sentimental and political importance to me."
Jamie says: "Well, we're just about to get started, uh..."
Jamie says: "Would you like to sit in on the rehearsal, Mayor?"
Mayor Dewey says: "Don't mind if I do!"
Mayor Dewey says: "*sits on one of the on-stage chairs* Oh, pardon me."
Jamie says: "OK, Steven, since you're the only one who showed up, you'll be playing the lead role of William Dewey."
Steven says: "Nailed the audition!"
Jamie says: "And for the other roles I guess I'll have to play..."
Jamie says: "all of them."
Jamie Narrator.
Jamie William Dewey.
Jamie First Mate Buddy.
Jamie William Dewey.
Jamie First Mate Buddy.
Jamie William Dewey.
Steven Narrator.
Steven says: "Wow, Mayor Dewey, that was really good!"
Mayor Dewey says: "Whoa-ho, yeah!"
Jamie says: "William Dewey is a really, ah..."
Jamie says: ""good" character, but maybe we could bring out another side of William Dewey?"
Jamie says: "See his struggles?"
Mayor Dewey says: "The great William Dewey didn't struggle!"
Mayor Dewey says: "He was good at everything on the first try!"
Mayor Dewey says: "Just like me when I wrote this play!"
Mayor Dewey says: "Not a single word needs to be changed!"
Mayor Dewey says: "*shushes Jamie* Don't forget who's funding this!"
Mayor Dewey says: "*gets up from his seat* Well, nice hustle, gentlemen, keep it up!"
Steven says: "*salutes* Aye-aye!"
Jamie says: "This is gonna be a disaster..."
Steven says: "What!"
Steven says: "?"
Jamie says: "It's a terrible story."
Jamie says: "William Dewey is totally unbelievable!"
Steven says: "'Cause he grows fifty feet?"
Jamie says: "No!"
Jamie says: "He's got no character!"
Steven says: "But the script kept saying he was really good!"
Jamie says: "Exactly!"
Jamie says: "How can a guy have no faults?"
Jamie says: "To be human is to be flawed."
Jamie says: "A real hero must struggle!"
Steven says: "*touched with tears in his eyes* That's so beautiful!"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "And also totally not represented in Mayor Dewey's script."
Jamie says: "*sighs* My first play, and probably my last..."
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Steven returns home with the script in hand.
Steven says: "*opens the front door* Hey, Pearl!"
Pearl is seen sitting on the couch, staring at the ceiling with a sad expression.
Steven says: "Pearl?"
Pearl says: "*surprised* Steven!"
Pearl says: "You're back."
Steven says: "Yeah..."
Steven says: "*sits next to Pearl on the couch* Show business is rough."
Pearl says: "Is there..."
Pearl says: "something I can help you with?"
Steven says: "Not unless you can make William Dewey interesting."
Pearl says: "How do you know William Dewey?"
Steven says: "I'm gonna be him in this play!"
Steven says: "But he's totally boring!"
Steven says: "He's perfect and he never makes mistakes."
Pearl says: "*sighs sadly* Wish I could say the same for myself..."
Steven says: "Yeah, but nobody's like that!"
Steven says: "Everybody gets stuff wrong, and then you have to keep going and it's hard, which is why it's great when you never stop trying!"
Pearl says: "*smiles* When did you get so smart?"
Pearl takes the script from Steven and starts reading it.
Pearl says: "Hmm..."
Pearl says: "This isn't just boring."
Pearl says: "*closes the script* It's historically inaccurate!"
Pearl says: "Who wrote this?"
Steven says: "Mayor Dewey."
Pearl says: "*laughs* He wasn't even there!"
Pearl says: "But I was."
Steven says: "You were there?"
Steven says: "Wait!"
Steven says: "What really happened?"
Pearl says: "Well, for starters, "ruggedly handsome" seems rather generous."
Trans. Beach City Stage.
(Jamie reads the rewritten script of the play says: ""The true Story of William Dewey", while clenching onto it tightly."
retitled says: ""The true Story of William Dewey", while clenching onto it tightly."
(Jamie reads the rewritten script of the play says: ")"
retitled says: ")"
Jamie says: "Steven..."
Jamie says: "This is so real!"
Jamie says: "It's like it was written by someone who lived it!"
Steven says: "It was!"
Steven says: "And I dunno if you can tell, but I wrote the jokes!"
Jamie says: "I can tell."
Jamie says: "It's so gritty, so passionate, so..."
Steven says: "*interrupts Jamie* Historically accurate?"
Jamie says: "And the drama!"
Jamie says: "This is the play we should be doing."
Steven says: "Let's do it then!"
Steven says: "Let's put on this version of the play."
Jamie says: "But how?"
Jamie says: "We'd need new costumes, new props, we have no time!"
Jamie says: "And Mayor Dewey'll have our heads!"
Steven says: "But Jamie!"
Steven says: "You said it yourself."
Steven says: "A real hero struggles."
Jamie says: "By Jiminy, you're right!"
Jamie says: "This show will go on tomorrow night!"
Jamie says: "With you as Captain William Dewey, and I as the remaining roles."
Steven says: "All of them!"
Steven says: "?"
Jamie says: "*inhales deeply, then pumps his fist in determination* All of them!"
Steven says: "*high-fives each other* Boom!"
Jamie says: "*high-fives each other* Boom!"
Steven says: "Ah!"
Jamie says: "Ah!"
Steven says: "Acting!"
Jamie says: "Acting!"
Time Skip - Night-time.
The citizens of Beach City, including Pearl, are gathered in front of the BC Stage, sitting on foldable chairs.
Mayor Dewey says: "Mind if I..."
Mayor Dewey says: "have a seat?"
Pearl says: "Oookay."
Mayor Dewey says: "Ooh, y'know, I..."
Mayor Dewey says: "wrote this play."
Pearl, unimpressed, gets up from her seat and sits in the back row, leaving Mayor Dewey alone at his seat.
Trans. Int. BC Stage.
Jamie is making shadow figures with his hands, while he and Steven talk.
Steven says: "I hope Mayor Dewey isn't mad about the changes..."
Jamie says: "Guess we'll have to see."
Steven says: "Are you nervous?"
Jamie says: "Of course."
Jamie says: "This could either make or break my career..."
Steven says: "You could lose your job at the post office?"
Jamie says: "This could either make or break my hobby."
Steven and Jamie laugh nervously, clearly sweating.
Jamie says: "*anxiously* Acting!"
Steven says: "*anxiously* Acting!"
Trans. Ext. BC Stage.
Spotlights shine on the curtains.
Jamie says: "Boardies and gentle-boardies, tonight, I am thrilled to present to you..."
Jamie says: "The Tale of William Dewey!"
The curtains raise, revealing Steven and Jamie in a prop ship on stage, as the audience applauds. An audience member yells out "Yeah, Beach City rules!" and is quickly shushed.
Jamie First Mate Buddy.
Oh Captain, my Captain, how long until the soft lips of our sailing ship kiss the rugged beard of new lands?
Steven William Dewey.
I know we've been journeying for many months, but surely we'll run into something soon. The ocean can't be that big.
Pearl says: "*cries out from the audience* Gah!"
Pearl says: "There he is!"
Pearl says: "Hi, Steven!"
Pearl says: "You're so talented!"
Steven waves at Pearl.
Steven William Dewey.
Back home, they called me Dewey the Dunce! Said I couldn't find land even if I was standing on it!
The audience, except Mayor Dewey, starts laughing.
Mayor Dewey says: "What the-?"
Steven William Dewey.
And I'm starting to fear that they were right...
Jamie First Mate Buddy.
What light through yon stage left breaks?
Steven William Dewey.
Oh, what now?
A silhouette of the Crystal Gems appear on the background of the stage.
Jamie Pearl.
It is the east, and we are the Crystal Gems!
Mayor Dewey says: "What!"
Mayor Dewey says: "?"
Mayor Dewey says: "This wasn't in the script!"
Mayor Dewey says: "This wasn't in the budget either!"
Jamie Pearl.
Steven William Dewey.
Nonsense! I won't take orders from the likes of you!
Jamie Pearl.
Hmm! Well then! *bends down*.
Jamie Garnet.
Jamie Amethyst.
Steven William Dewey.
I'll just return home like the failure dunce I am... *tips over the sail and mast of the prop ship* Ah! I can't even turn a sail right! Why must I always struggle!?
The audience laughs once more.
Buck says: "*facepalms* Wow, dad..."
Buck says: "What a loser."
Mayor Dewey slides off his chair, sweating and with his arms crossed.
Act 2 of the play begins, as the curtains raise once more, revealing Steven and Jamie in the prop ship again. They are balancing on one leg and tipping from side to side, making it seem like there is a storm.
Jamie First Mate Buddy.
Oh, Captain, my Captain! We've drifted miles from our course! These waves are nothing like I've ever seen before!
Steven William Dewey.
Nonsense! This is only a drizzle!
Jamie pours a bucket of water over Steven.
Steven William Dewey.
A monstrous roar is heard.
Jamie First Mate Buddy.
What's that portside!? ... *clears his throat* Lever.
Steven says: "Oh!"
A large cardboard tentacle emerges from the floor of the stage; the audience gasps. Jamie leaps from the prop ship and grabs onto the tentacle.
Jamie First Mate Buddy.
Captain! It's got me!
Steven William Dewey.
First Mate Buddy!
Jamie First Mate Buddy.
Whatever you do, don't give up your search! You're the bravest man I know because you try, even though you fail so, so much!
Steven William Dewey.
Buddy! Nooo! *Pretends to cry*.
The tentacle is then lowered, lowering Jamie onto the floor behind a cardboard wave. He then crawls out off the stage.
Steven William Dewey.
The silhouette of a monster appears on the background behind Steven, roaring, along with two cardboard tentacles raising from the floor.
Steven William Dewey.
Now my boat will sink into the depths. Dewey, the Disastrous Dunce... What's this?
Noise is heard from behind the stage. Another silhouette, this time of a giant woman appears next to the monster. The two silhouettes begin to fight, with punching sound effects.
Steven William Dewey.
Holy anchovies! The quadruple noogie! A move that's only been spoken of in legends!
Both the monster and the tentacles disappear out of sight, as the giant woman seems to have defeated it. The giant woman silhouette then approaches the stage, becoming larger and larger.
Steven William Dewey.
Ah! It heads this way! Oh, please, goddess of noogies, don't hurt me.
A giant cardboard hand is lowered from the ceiling, seeming pushing the prop ship. The background changes from an ocean to a sunny beach, and the cardboard waves disappear.
Steven William Dewey.
Whoa! I've made it! Land! *leaves the prop ship and slides on his knees* Sweet, solid land! *kiss the floor, making a disgusted noise in reaction, and looks up* Thank you, giant woman.
Jamie Giant Woman.
You may not want to stay, this land is dangerous.
Steven William Dewey.
No! I will stay! For I am William Dewey, and I don't give up in the face of failure! *in the bad accent from before* That's what-a makes-a me greeeat-a!
Jamie Giant Woman.
The giant cardboard hand is lowered again. Steven gives it a high-five, and it is raised back up, as the giant woman silhouette disappears.
Steven William Dewey.
I shall name this new land in honor of my dead first mate, Buddy.
Jamie First Mate Buddy.
Steven William Dewey.
Okay, Beach City it is!
A banner appears behind Steven and Jamie, reading "Dewey for Mayor" as a jingle plays. The audience claps and cheers, while Mayor Dewey is still sweating and looking nervous.
Mayor Dewey says: "..."
Mayor Dewey says: "What?"
Buck says: "Nice to know great-grandpa was a real person with flaws."
Buck says: "Gutsy move, Dad."
The audience starts cheering and chanting "May-or Dew-ey" repeatedly.
Time Skip.
Jamie, wearing his "Movie Star" sunglasses, begins signing autographs for the citizens of Beach City.
Jamie says: "One for you..."
Jamie says: "And one for you."
Mayor Dewey says: "*runs toward Jamie* Excuse me."
Mayor Dewey says: "If I could have a moment with the talent?"
Nanefua, who has just gotten an autograph from Jamie, slaps his behind as she leaves.
Mayor Dewey says: "Jamie!"
Mayor Dewey says: "*puts his hand on Jamie's shoulder and laughs* Oh, yeah!"
Mayor Dewey says: "Fantastic work!"
Mayor Dewey says: "I love the message."
Mayor Dewey says: "Vote Mayor Dewey!"
Mayor Dewey says: "How about I offer you another role?"
Mayor Dewey says: "Lead Director of Beach City Community Theater."
Mayor Dewey says: "You could put on more plays, as long as the budget allows it!"
Jamie, upon hearing Mayor Dewey's request, starts literally burning with passion as he chatters an odd, excited noise.
Jamie says: "*straightens up and pulls himself together* Thank you, sir."
Steven says: "A lot of the credit should go to Pearl!"
Steven says: "You could say she was an "inside source"."
Pearl says: "I am a gem of many talents."
Pearl says: "A dedication to fact is just one of them."
Mayor Dewey says: "*turns to Pearl, blushing* Thank you, for preserving my legacy."
Pearl says: "Oh, what's 200 years between friends?"
Mayor Dewey says: "Weeell, I must be off then to bask in the adulation of my constituents."
Pearl says: "You know..."
Pearl says: "I don't remember there being a campaign slogan at the end of that story."
Steven says: "Art doesn't always need a reason, Pearl."
Steven says: "Sometimes, you just gotta make the audience happy!"
Steven says: "That's why you always end on a joke!"
A silence falls over the group, as the star iris closes in on Steven, ending the episode.
END.