Open Ext. The Barn.
The scene follows the events in "Barn Mates", when a hatch opens from the crashed Roaming Eye in the ground and a one-eyed Ruby emerges out of it. Steven, Lapis, Peridot and the Crystal Gems all gasp as the Ruby starts looking around.
Steven says: "Ruby?"
Steven says: "Whoa-?"
Garnet grabs the back of Steven's shirt and pulls him away. Everyone retreat back inside the barn as "Eyeball" lands on the ground, growls, and walks away. Another "Army" jumps out of the hatch and begins making fighting noises and poses.
Now, where's the Gem the scanners locked on to? *looks around* Let's fan out and search the area!
Steven peeks out of the door from inside the barn to look at the five Rubies from Homeworld.
Steven says: "Whoa, look at 'em all!"
Peridot says: "*peeks over too, on top of Steven* I knew it."
Peridot says: "They're after me!"
Peridot says: "This is THE END of the line!"
Lapis says: "You really weren't kidding."
Peridot says: "I disobeyed a direct order from Yellow Diamond, and I called her a clod..."
Peridot says: "to her face."
Pearl says: "Oh, honestly, you call everyone a clod."
Peridot says: "Yes, but not everyone has command over all the armies of Homeworld waiting for the word to shatter me!"
Peridot scampers to a box of baseball equipment, dumps out the contents and hides inside the box.
Steven says: "Peridot, we won't let them get you."
Peridot says: "But haven't I caused you enough trouble?"
Garnet says: "Don't worry, Peridot."
Garnet says: "It's our sworn duty to protect anything that calls this planet home."
Garnet says: "And that includes..."
Garnet says: "clods like you."
Peridot says: "*whispering* That's my word..."
Garnet says: "Listen up, everyone."
Garnet says: "I have a plan."
Garnet says: "Or should I say..."
Garnet says: "We have a plan."
Garnet holds up her hands and giggles. She then begins to unfuse, separating into Ruby and Sapphire, holding hands with each other.
Sapphire says: "Hello everyone."
Pearl says: "Ruby!"
Amethyst says: "Ruby!"
Pearl says: "Sapphire!"
Amethyst says: "Sapphire!"
Steven says: "HUUUGS!"
Steven says: "*Runs up to Ruby and Sapphire and hugs them."
Sapphire says: "Hello, Steven!"
Amethyst says: "So, what's the plan?"
Sapphire says: "*turns to Ruby* You got this."
Sapphire says: "Just act casual."
Ruby says: "Yeah."
Ruby says: "*bumps her fist against her palm* Casual."
Trans. Ext. the Barn.
Ruby starts walking awkwardly towards the Homeworld Rubies, who are gathered and chattering among themselves, with "Doc" is standing on top of the Roaming Eye.
Focus, Rubies! This is an important mission from Yellow Diamond, so we can't mess it up.
Ruby slides up next to "Navy" and begins conversing with them nervously.
Ruby says: "Eh, hey, hey!"
Ruby says: "Uh..."
Ruby says: "What are we all doing over here?"
The Homeworld Rubies glance at Ruby in great suspicion.
We're here to retrieve the leader of the Earth mission! *raises an eyebrow* Hey, wait a second. It seems like there are more of us... than usual!
There's supposed to be five of us.
One, two, three, four, five! Tch, never mind.
Ruby sighs in relief.
The leader of the Earth mission must be around here somewhere.
Ruby says: "*nervously* Well, she's definitely not in that barn!"
Whoa, I didn't see that before. Maybe we SHOULD look around in there.
Ruby says: "*raises her hands in panic* Uh, I'll go!"
Ruby says: "By myself!"
Ba-Byee!
Trans. Int. the Barn.
Ruby stands at the doorway, sweating anxiously.
Ruby says: "They want to search the barn!"
Steven says: "We heard."
Pearl says: "We saw."
Peridot says: "*fearfully* So I'm scared!"
Amethyst says: "*holds up a baseball bat* Let's ambush them!"
Sapphire says: "No."
Sapphire says: "No one needs to get hurt."
Sapphire says: "Let's be sensible."
Ruby says: "What do I do?"
Sapphire says: "Just go out there and tell them this is a place where humans live."
Ruby says: "*sighs* I don't wanna go alone..."
Steven says: "Oh!"
Steven says: "I'll come."
Steven says: "I'll be your backup."
Amethyst says: "*hands Steven the baseball bat* And here's some backup for your backup."
Trans. Ext. the Barn.
Ruby returns back to the Homeworld Rubies, carrying Steven with him.
Ruby says: "*plants Steven down and speaks nervously* I checked the barn, and I just found a bunch of humans!"
Ruby says: "Hah!"
Steven says: "*nods transparently* Yup!"
Steven says: "Nothing in there but us humans!"
Ruby says: "*nervously* Looks like we failed..."
Ruby says: "!"
Ruby says: "Time to go back home!"
Ruby says: "Hah..."
Ruby says: "!"
I think we better double-check. You remember what happened last time.
Ruby says: "*confused* Last time?"
The Homeworld Rubies, except for "Doc" and "Leggy", begin laughing.
Oh, Ruby, you're so forgetful!
Alright, let's search the barn! *adjusts her visor*.
Homeworld Rubies says: "Yes, Ruby!"
Ruby says: "Wait!"
Ruby says: "*nervously* You can't, beca-because..."
Ruby says: "*glances at Steven* Uh..."
Steven says: "You have to..."
Steven says: "uh..."
Steven says: "play baseball!"
The Homeworld Rubies look at each other.
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Steven says: "It's a human thing."
Steven says: "I-If you win, you can go inside, and if you lose, you..."
Steven says: "gotta leave forever."
Trans. Int. the Barn.
Ruby and Steven return back to the barn to announce to the Gems the change of plan, while Lapis stands away from the ground, leaning against a ladder.
Peridot says: "Baseball!"
Amethyst says: "Baseball!"
Pearl says: "Baseball!"
 says: "Baseball!"
Sapphire says: "Baseball!"
Peridot says: "?"
Amethyst says: "?"
Pearl says: "?"
 says: "?"
Sapphire says: "?"
Steven grins delightfully while Ruby facepalms.
Sapphire says: "I..."
Sapphire says: "saw that this was a possibility, though I am surprised that this is the path we're taking."
Steven says: "*blows a whistle* Alright."
Steven says: "My human baseball knowledge will lead us to victory."
Steven says: "Let's just go out there and pretend to be humans."
Steven says: "Except Peridot."
Steven says: "You stay here in the barn and hide."
Peridot says: "O..."
Peridot says: "kay."
Steven says: "Everybody in?"
Steven says: "*glances at Lapis* Lapis?"
Lapis says: "*chuckles* This plan sucks."
Trans. Ext. the Barn.
Steven, Pearl, Amethyst, Lapis, and Sapphire, all wearing baseball clothes, stand in a line against the Homeworld Rubies, including Ruby herself. Everyone then begins introducing themselves one by one.
Steven says: "We're the Humans!"
Steven says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "Earl!"
Amethyst says: "Amy!"
Lapis says: "Bob."
Sapphire says: "*blushing* And Sophie."
Ruby also blushes at Sapphire's appearance, and begins sweating nervously again.
Understood. Our team is the Rubies! Consisting of... Ruby!
Ruby says: "Ruby!"
Ruby!
Ruby!
Ruby.
And Ruby!
Steven says: "Here's the rules of the game."
Steven says: "We take turns throwing the ball at each other."
Steven says: "The batter tries to hit the ball with the bat, and then they run around the bases."
Steven says: "Whoever gets the most runs wins."
Steven uses the diamond formation caused by the crashed Roaming Eye as the baseball field, with the Eye being in the center mould. The "Humans" plays defensive first, with Steven as the pitcher, Amethyst as the catcher and the other Gems as infielders. Ruby, being on the offensive team, becomes the first batter. She readies her bat and winks at Steven. Steven winks back.
Steven says: "You get three tries to hit the ball."
Steven says: "If you miss..."
Steven throws the ball and Ruby purposefully misses it. Amethyst then catches the ball.
Amethyst says: "Striiiike one!"
What?!
Steven tosses the ball again, and Ruby misses again.
Amethyst says: "Striiike two!"
Steven tosses the ball the third time, and again, Ruby misses.
Amethyst says: "Strike three!"
Steven says: "Three strikes, and you're out!"
Ruby says: "Oh, darn!"
Ruby says: "*chuckles* Guess I'm out."
Sapphire waves at Ruby and she blushes. "Army" then leaps in and punches Ruby in the back.
You swung too slow! *picks up the bat, as Ruby runs off* Do it like this.
Steven throws the ball and "Army" hits it so hard that it flies into the skies and out of the field. "Army" then easily runs around the bases and back to the home plate.
Steven says: "And that's called a "home run"."
The "Humans" continues to play defensive while Steven keeps explaining the rules.
Steven says: "If the ball gets caught, you're out!"
Pearl efficiently catches a ball hit by "Navy" by sliding at it.
Steven says: "And if you get tagged, you're out!"
Steven catches the ball at a base and tags "Eyeball" as she runs over. She then growls angrily at Steven.
Steven says: "Uhhh..."
Steven says: "*backs away in fright* And after three outs, we switch sides!"
The teams switch sides, with the "Humans" on the offensive and the Rubies on the defensive. Amethyst is batting while chewing gum and "Doc" is pitching. "Doc" throws the ball, as soon as Amethyst's gum bubble pops, she hits the ball and it goes flying out of the field. She then spin-dashes around the bases and slides onto a home plate with a pose.
Pearl says: "(*enthusiastically* Nice"
Pearl says: "!"
Wow! That purple human is really good!
Steven says: "*chuckles nervously* Us humans, we're full of surprises."
Steven says: "*pushes Amethyst away while whispering to her* Amethyst be careful."
Sapphire then runs into the field as the batter.
Strike ONE!
Steven says: "Huh?"
Steven, Pearl and Amethyst turns to look towards Ruby and Sapphire.
Ruby says: "Haven't I seen you somewhere before?"
Sapphire says: "I don't know."
Sapphire says: "I don't get off planet much."
Ruby and Sapphire start laughing together as "Doc" pitches the ball right into Ruby's glove. Steven, Pearl and Amethyst watch on in confusion.
Strike TWO!!
Steven says: "What's going on?"
Steven says: "What are they doing?"
Lapis says: "*walks in, in a monotone voice* Flirting."
Pearl says: "*worried* Uh-oh..."
Strike THREE!!!
Ruby says: "Uhhhh..."
Sapphire says: "Uhhhh..."
Ruby and Sapphire look at the rest with embarrassment. Steven facepalms and Lapis gives a deadpan thumbs-up. The game continues with the Rubies on the offensive again. "Eyeball", being the batter, successfully hits the ball, and Lapis easily catches it by moving just a tiny step to the left. Ruby is the next batter, while "Doc", at the third base, yells at her to concentrate. Ruby then sees Sapphire cheering out at her and accidentally hits the ball, allowing "Doc" to run to the home plate and score.
Steven says: "*whisper-shouting* What!"
Steven says: "?"
Ruby blushes in embarrassment as the Rubies gather around her in excitement.
YEAHH!! *flexes in happiness*.
The game goes on with the "Humans" on the offensive, each taking turns to bat. When it's Lapis' turn to bat, she just holds her bat straight over the plate, letting the ball bounce off it and onto the plate. She then throws away the bat and walks unenthusiastically to the first base, as the Homeworld Rubies tackle and pile on top of the ball. Throughout the game, Ruby and Sapphire continuously flirt with each other and throwing off the game. The "Human" and the Rubies keep playing against each other, until one of the Homeworld Rubies shatters the bat while hitting the ball. Steven then runs back into the barn to retrieve another bat.
Peridot says: "Hey, how's it going?"
Peridot says: "Are we winning?"
Steven says: "Ummm..."
Steven then sees Ruby instruction and giving Sapphire on how to bat properly.
Ruby says: "Now, what you want to do is lead with your hips."
Ruby says: "Yeah."
Ruby says: "That's pretty good."
Ruby says: "Let me show you again."
Steven says: "Well, haha..."
Steven says: "*hesitates* We're doing just fine."
Steven says: "Everything's gonna be A-Okay."
Peridot says: "You're lying to me!"
Steven says: "To make you feel better!"
Peridot says: "Thank you!"
The game eventually comes to the final match, with the scoreboard showing that the Rubies have 7 points, while the "Humans" have 6 points.
Steven says: "Alright, it's the bottom of the ninth."
Steven says: "We've got Lapis on second, but one more out and the game's over for us."
Steven says: "We need to hit a home run."
Steven, Pearl and Amethyst then see Sapphire, as a batter, still flirting with Ruby.
Steven says: "Wait!"
Steven says: "I call a timeout!"
Steven says: "runs up in between Ruby and Sapphire* Listen, you two, I know it's hard being separated, but we have to keep them out of the barn or they're gonna find Peridot."
Steven says: "Remember?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "Ruby, stop being cute, and Sapphire, keep your eye on the ball!"
Ruby says: "Pun..."
Ruby says: "intended?"
Steven says: "*snaps his fingers and glares at Ruby* What did I just say?"
The match continues. "Doc" pitches the ball, Sapphire swings the bat but she misses the hit.
Strike one!
Steven, Pearl, Amethyst and Peridot watch on in worry as the Rubies remain confident.
Ruby says: "Come on, I know you can do it."
Sapphire says: "Hmmm..."
Strike two!
Ruby says: "Just look at the ball."
Sapphire says: "I'm trying, but all I want to look at is you."
Ruby says: "Don't worry, you can look at me when you're running for home."
Sapphire smiles at Ruby, filled with determination. "Doc" lights the ball on fire and throws it at high speed towards Sapphire. Sapphire screams loudly and swings the bat, making impact with the ball. Everyone gasps as Sapphire tries to withdraw against the force of the ball. Sapphire then freezes the entire bat and whacks the ball away, scoring a glorious home run. Ruby starts cheering as Sapphire begins running around the bases while Lapis walks casually.
Steven says: "YEAH!"
Lapis returns back to home plate and gives Ruby a high-five. "Army" throws her glove on the ground in fury, as Sapphire continues to run towards Ruby.
Ruby says: "*holds her arms out* COME TO ME!"
Ruby and Sapphire start laughing together and Sapphire jumps into Ruby's arms. They collide into each other and tumble on the ground. Steven and the others watch in shock as the two accidentally fuse back into Garnet.
Garnet says: "Hahaha..."
Garnet says: "!"
Garnet says: "Ha..."
Garnet says: "*stops* Whoops."
They're GEMS!
We've been tricked!
What a turn of events.
Steven and the other join Garnet's side.
Garnet says: "Sorry, guys."
Garnet says: "Game is over."
THAT'S IT! RUBIES... COMBINE!!!
The Homeworld Rubies join together and fuse into a single giant Ruby. She then roars loudly and glares menacingly at the Crystal Gems.
Peridot says: "WAAAIT!"
Peridot says: "*runs out of the barn* Oooh, wait!"
Peridot says: "Stop!"
Peridot says: "Don't hurt them!"
Peridot says: "Oof!"
Peridot says: "*falls to her face, falls again getting up, and scampers over* Wait."
Peridot says: "Oh, please, please!"
Peridot says: "It's me you're after right?"
Peridot says: "I'm not gonna stand by and let my friends fight my battles!"
Steven says: "Awww, Peri loves us!"
Giant Ruby says: "Are you the Peridot assigned to the failed Earth mission?"
Giant Ruby says: "Where is Jasper?"
Peridot says: "You're looking for..."
Peridot says: "Jasper?"
Giant Ruby says: "Correct."
Peridot says: "Wait, but I'm the one who betrayed the mission, who called Yellow Diamond a clod; the new leader of the Crystal Gems?"
Pearl says: "What?"
Giant Ruby says: "Tell us where Jasper is NOW!"
Peridot says: "Jasper umm..."
Peridot says: "*looks at Pearl, who shakes her head* we know where Jasper is."
Giant Ruby says: "WELL?!"
Giant Ruby says: "!"
Peridot says: "Uhhhh..."
Peridot says: "."
Steven says: "*barges in* Neptune!"
Steven says: "She's on the planet Neptune!"
Everyone remain silent as they glare at one another.
Giant Ruby says: "..."
Giant Ruby says: "Well, why didn't you say so?"
Steven sighs in relief, as the Giant Ruby unfuses.
We all here? One, two, three, four, and... ha! *points to herself* Five. To the planet Neptune!
Let's move out, soldiers!
What a lovely-sounding planet.
But we just... got here.
Let's go, newbie!
The Homeworld Rubies return back inside the Roaming Eye. The Eye then pops out of the ground, a small black cloud appears above it, and the ship warps away.
Amethyst says: "Man, Rubies are dumb."
The star iris then closes in on Garnet's face, as she smiles.
Garnet says: "Not all of them."
END.