Open. Int. Crystal Temple.
Pearl knocks on the bathroom door.
Pearl says: "Steven?"
Amethyst says: "What's going on in there?"
Jasper slams the door open.
Amethyst says: "Jasper?"
Pearl says: "What are you—"
Amethyst says: "Where's Steven?"
Jasper says: "Right here."
Jasper steps aside to reveal Steven.
Amethyst says: "Steven?"
Amethyst says: "Where have you been?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Steven does not respond and instead walks off to his conservatory. Jasper salutes him as he leaves.
Pearl says: "You can't just disappear for days without telling us!"
Jasper says: "My diamond can do as he pleases."
Amethyst says: "Wait, what?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Pearl says: "Why are you calling him that?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Steven walks upstairs.
Garnet says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "Where is he going?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Trans. Int. Steven's Conservatory.
The Gems follow Steven as he is about to step onto the Warp Pad.
Pearl says: "Steven, wait!"
Garnet says: "You don't need to go."
Steven sighs as he turns pink and puts a barrier in front of the Gems.
Amethyst says: "WHAT THE HECK!"
Steven says: "You guys, I love you, but—"
Steven says: "you can't help me anymore."
Steven says: "I've been avoiding the only people in the entire universe who can."
Steven says: "Please, don't follow me."
Steven says: "You too, Jasper."
Steven says: "Find something better to do with your life."
Garnet says: "Steven!"
Garnet says: "Remember, we'll always be your family."
Steven warps away to Homeworld.
Trans. Int. Gem Homeworld.
Steven enters the Diamonds' palace. Two Quartzes talk about an upcoming election, while Aubergine Pearl gives a tour to a group of Gems.
A Jasper says: "I can't believe half of Homeworld's gonna vote for that Diamond stooge, Zircon."
A Jasper says: "Now, Zircon, that's a face you can trust."
Aubergine Pearl says: "As you can see, this truly was the center of power in the Gem Empire throughout the second era."
Aubergine Pearl says: "When you walk through these storied halls, it's easy to feel as if you too have the power of a Diamond."
Aubergine Pearl says: "Now, if you'll follow me this way to the gift shop."
The group follows Aubergine Pearl off screen, revealing Spinel standing behind them.
Spinel says: "Steven!"
Spinel runs up and gives Steven a big, exaggerated kiss, which makes him furious and causes him to turn pink again.
Steven says: "Spinel, what is wrong with you?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "?"
Spinel says: "Oh, y'know..."
Spinel says: "the usual."
Steven calms down and turns back to his normal color.
Steven says: "Uh, so."
Steven says: "How've you been since, uh..."
Spinel says: "Since I tried to kill you?"
Spinel says: "That was so embarrassing."
Spinel says: "I was just a wreck back then, but I am so much better now!"
Spinel says: "So, what're you doin' here?"
Steven says: "I need to talk to the Diamonds."
Spinel says: "No kidding."
Spinel says: "You never call, you never write..."
Steven says: "Yeah, I'm kinda going through something right now."
Steven says: "I've been glowing pink and swelling up."
Spinel says: "Oh, if you're having trouble with your physical form, I know just who you should see."
Spinel says: "C'mon!"
Spinel grabs Steven's arm and takes him to Yellow Diamond's quarters.
Trans. Int. Yellow Diamond's room.
Steven and Spinel walk into Yellow Diamond's quarters.
Yellow Diamond is sitting at her desk reassembling the shattered Gem, Flint, who cries out as she reforms.
Chert says: "Hey."
Chert says: "It's okay."
Steven says: "Yellow, what are you doing?!"
Steven says: "!"
Yellow Diamond is startled, and turns to Steven and Spinel.
Yellow Diamond says: "Oh Steven, you startled me!"
Yellow Diamond says: "I was just reversing one of my awful experiments..."
Yellow turns and picks up Flint, bringing her to show Steven.
Yellow Diamond says: "I can't always find every piece but watch this."
Yellow Diamond uses her powers to heal Flint.
Flint says: "Hey!"
Chert says: "Welcome Back."
Flint and Chert share a big hug, happily greeting each other once again.
Yellow Diamond says: "After all the damage I’ve done it's only right to use my powers for a little reconstructive work on the Gems I’ve hurt."
Yellow Diamond says: "That reminds me, I’ve got to get to work to reconstruct the Gems inside the Cluster."
Yellow Diamond gets excited and shares even more of her ideas.
Yellow Diamond says: "Oh, and if any of you uncorrupted Quartz friends want their horns reduced then send them straight to me, I can permanently alter any physical form."
Spinel excitedly running towards Yellow Diamond.
Spinel says: "Oh!"
Spinel says: "Do me!"
Steven says: "Hey, I—"
Yellow Diamond uses her powers on Spinel, giving her muscular arms.
Spinel says: "She can make my arms really tough and big!"
Steven says: "This is cool but I—"
Yellow shrinks Spinel's feet.
Spinel says: "And she can give me little teeny feetsies."
Spinel recovers from almost tripping.
Spinel says: "Ta-da!"
Steven continues to get angrier.
Steven says: "Won’t you just listen to me?"
Yellow Diamond says: "You have the floor, Steven."
Steven says: "My diamond powers have been causing strange changes in my body."
Steven says: "I’ve been growing very large and I don’t know what to do."
Yellow Diamond goes up to Steven, prepared to use her new powers to help him.
Yellow Diamond says: "Well I can definitely help with that."
Yellow Diamond says: "Hold still."
Yellow Diamond uses her powers to shrink Steven, much to his dismay.
Steven says: "No!"
Steven says: "I don’t want to be small!"
Yellow Diamond says: "Oh, forgive the misunderstanding."
Yellow Diamond uses her powers to make Steven very large, angering him even more.
Yellow Diamond says: "There, you can be as large as you want."
Steven says: "I don’t want to be large either!"
Steven says: "I just want to be ME!"
Steven stomps his foot into the ground, creating a large crater beneath him, displeasing yellow.
Yellow Diamond says: "What has gotten into you?"
Yellow Diamond says: "If anything's out of proportion its your temper."
Yellow Diamond starts changing Spinel's form while speaking.
Yellow Diamond says: "You can be big if you want to, you can be small if you want to, but if you’re going to be upset no matter what then this problem isn’t physical, it's emotional."
Yellow Diamond says: "Go see Blue, that's her department."
Spinel happily spins around Steven, getting ready to see Blue Diamond with him.
Spinel says: "Blue!"
Blue Diamond says: "Your powers have been causing you dramatic mood swings?"
Blue Diamond says: "That seems awfully troubling Steven."
Steven says: "You don’t seemed troubled."
Spinel says: "That's because of Blue's cool new power."
Blue Diamond says: "Back before you came into my life Steven, I wanted very one to feel the pain I felt."
Blue Diamond says: "I realized I must make up for my awful behavior by bringing joy to others."
Blue Diamond calmly comes closer to Steven and Spinel.
Blue Diamond says: "In that moment my tears vaporized into clouds, bringing pure joy to those who come into contact with them."
A cloud brushed up against Steven, causing him to chuckle.
Steven says: "Huh?"
Spinel says: "Just hang on and you’ll be feeling the cheer in no time."
Steven says: "Ugh."
Blue Diamond says: "I think you’d like it."
Spinel proceeds to jump on a cloud, with Blue Diamond starting to sing a song.
Blue Diamond says: "♪ Cold palace walls, and endless empty halls, haunted by echoes of laughter."
Blue Diamond starts lifting up Spinel's cloud, with Steven staying on the ground using shields to push the clouds away.
Blue Diamond says: "♪ You gave a pull, and suddenly they’re full."
Blue Diamond says: "You’ve thrown the gates open after you."
Steven is put onto a cloud that Blue Diamond uses to loft him up.
Blue Diamond says: "♪ And swept in with the throng, comes this wonderful song!"
Blue Diamond stands up, playing with Spinel and trying to make Steven happier.
Blue Diamond says: "♪ My little reason why, I’ll never make you cry."
Blue Diamond makes heart shaped clouds for Spinel, and continuing to sing as well.
Blue Diamond says: "♪ Oh I have got the sweetest things to tell you everyday."
Spinel jumps down from her cloud, giving Blue Diamond a loving hug.
Blue Diamond ends her song, with Steven still appearing saddened.
Steven says: "No, no, this isn’t right."
Steven falls backwards, being saved by Spinel.
Spinel says: "Hang in there sunshine!"
Blue Diamond says: "What's the matter?"
Steven is shown to get angrier and more frustrated, not feeling any better after Blue Diamond's help.
Steven says: "You can’t just magically make me feel better."
Blue Diamond says: "Yes I can."
Blue Diamond says: "That's literally my new power."
Steven says: "I don’t want to feel better I want to be better!"
Blue Diamond says: "I found happiness."
Blue Diamond says: "If that's not something you think you deserve then I suspect this is an issue of self worth."
Blue Diamond says: "I suggest you go to White for assistance with such matters."
Steven and Spinel leave Blue Diamond's room, with Steven craving answers even more than before.
White Diamond says: "What perfect timing Steven."
White Diamond says: "I’ve just got back from my recent charitable escapade."
White Diamond says: "I’ve been going from planet to planet giving voice to the little gem."
Steven and Spinel proceed to walk up to White Diamond, prepared to see what she can do.
Spinel says: "White Diamond's powers work in reverse now!"
Steven says: "What does that mean?"
White Diamond says: "Why don’t I show you."
White Diamond says: "May I, Spinel?"
Spinel gets very excited, ready to show Steven White Diamond's new power.
Spinel says: "Yes please."
White Diamond starts using her powers, allowing Spinel to take control of her. As this happens White Diamond's voice and color changes to match Spinel's.
White Diamond says: "Guess who?"
Spinel says: "Guess who?"
Steven says: "What?"
Spinel starts speaking to Steven, using White Diamond's power to do so.
White Diamond says: "Isn’t it great?"
Spinel says: "Isn’t it great?"
White Diamond says: "Instead of taking control of other Gems, she can channel our thoughts into her body, so we can control her instead."
Spinel says: "Instead of taking control of other Gems, she can channel our thoughts into her body, so we can control her instead."
White Diamond says: "Watch this!"
Spinel says: "Watch this!"
White Diamond, being controlled by Spinel, starts doing an energetic and crazy dance, shaking the ground in the process and further annoys Steven.
Spinel says: "You don’t like it?"
Steven looks very uncomfortable.
Steven says: "It's fine."
White Diamond stops using her powers, regaining her control.
White Diamond says: "Oh, what fun."
White Diamond says: "Thank you Spinel, but why don’t you leave me and Steven alone for a moment."
Spinel says: "Okay, don’t take too long."
Spinel leaves the room, poking her head in just before the doors close.
White Diamond says: "Now, what is it exactly?"
Steven says: "I’ve been getting more powerful."
Steven says: "New Diamond powers are coming out everyday and it's, it's scaring me."
White Diamond says: "Oh Steven, so many would dream to have your powers, yet it only worries you."
Steven says: "I’m scared I’m gonna hurt people; I guess I already have."
White Diamond sits down, getting closer to Steven.
White Diamond says: "Half a Diamond, half a creature of earth, in all the universe there's no one else that could know what you’re going through, so maybe it's time you talked to yourself."
White Diamond reaches out to Steven, pointing to him.
White Diamond says: "Would you like to try?"
Steven says: "Okay."
White Diamond uses her powers, allowing Steven to gain control of her.
Steven says: "Woah, this is so weird."
White Diamond says: "Woah, this is so weird."
Steven says: "I’m..."
White Diamond says: "I’m..."
Steven says: "I’m..."
White Diamond says: "I’m..."
Steven says: "I’m a diamond."
White Diamond says: "I’m a diamond."
Steven says: "This—"
White Diamond says: "This—"
Steven says: "this is the last thing I needed to see."
White Diamond says: "this is the last thing I needed to see."
Steven says: "I don’t want to be you, I don’t want to be anything like you!"
White Diamond says: "I don’t want to be you, I don’t want to be anything like you!"
Steven says: "Why won’t you just GO AWAY!"
White Diamond says: "Why won’t you just GO AWAY!"
Steven, as the controlled White Diamond, punches a pillar, crumbling it.
Steven says: "Don’t hurt me!"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "she can’t hurt me, I’m controlling her."
Steven says: "So why am I so..."
Steven says: "afraid?"
Steven then flashes back to when White Diamond tried to remove his gemstone, feeling terrified as well. He scowls at the memory.
Steven says: "She's the one who should be afraid."
Steven then grows big, towering over the fearful White Diamond.
White Diamond says: "What's..."
White Diamond says: "What's going on?"
Steven begins controlling her like a puppet, forcing to stand.
White Diamond says: "What!"
White Diamond says: "no stop it, I don’t like this!"
Steven says: "Too bad."
Now extremely vengeful, Steven begins steering her towards the pillar, clasping her hands to it.
White Diamond says: "Let me go!"
White Diamond says: "Please, you’re scaring me!"
Steven says: "This is for everything you put me through!"
Steven tries to slam White Diamond's head into the pillar, in an attempt to shatter her gemstone, However he instead snaps them out of it and hits his own head, allowing White Diamond to regain her control.
White Diamond says: "What..."
White Diamond says: "what was that??"
Steven says: "I—"
Steven says: "I don’t know—"
Once again swelling up and turning pink, Steven runs away from White Diamond and leaves the room.
White Diamond says: "Wait!"
Steven runs out of White's room, passing Spinel and the other Diamonds on the way.
Yellow Diamond says: "Steven!"
Yellow Diamond says: "Was White able to help you?"
Steven ignores her and continues running. Spinel chases after him, her legs a cartoonish blur as she runs.
Spinel says: "Hey, buddy!"
Spinel says: "Where 'ya going?"
Steven stops, Spinel drags her feet across the floor to stop herself before she runs into Steven. He grabs her shoulders and shakes them desperately.
Steven says: "Hey, wait a sec!"
Steven says: "You used to have vengeful thoughts!"
Spinel says: "Ohh, yeahh."
Spinel says: "But I don't get 'em anymore."
Steven says: "How did you make them stop?"
Spinel says: "I met a little someone named Steven Universe!"
Spinel says: "And he told me..."
Spinel starts singing the same song that Steven sang during their old battle on the injector, to which Steven groans in annoyance.
Spinel says: "♪ That I, I, I can make a change!"
Spinel says: "You can make a promise—"
Steven says: "Don't give me my own advice!"
Steven glows and his face swells up again. The Diamonds then run in.
White Diamond says: "Steven!"
White Diamond says: "Let us help you, Steven!"
Spinel says: "♪ I can make a stand—"
Yellow and Blue look at Steven's appearance in horror and he runs away and Spinel continues to sing before noticing he'd left.
Spinel says: "Hey, wait up!"
As he runs, Steven swells up even more. He grows taller and his hair becomes poofier, greatly resembling that of Pink Diamond's. A sandal falls off his foot, he doesn't notice and continues making his getaway.
Spinel says: "Steven!"
Yellow Diamond says: "Let us help you!"
Blue Diamond says: "We're your family!"
Steven stops and looks back at them with tears in his eyes.
Steven says: "Please, don't follow me."
White Diamond says: "Steven!"
Steven does not respond to their calls, and instead warps away.
END.