Open Ext. Big Donut.
It is already late at night, Sadie and Lars are closing up the Big Donut for the night. Lars first exits through the back door ahead of Sadie, playing with the keys at the door lock.
Lars says: "*teasingly* Saaaaa-dieee!"
Lars says: "~ Better hurry up!"
Lars says: "I'm gonna lock you in!"
Sadie says: "*from inside* Hey, just a sec!"
Lars leans against the wall to wait for Sadie, when he looks down and get startled by the sudden appearance of Steven in front of him.
Steven says: "Don't be too scared."
Steven says: "It's just me."
Steven says: "*leans on the wall besides Lars* I'm on my way over to a spooky-movie party."
Steven says: "You want to come?"
Lars says: "Party!"
Lars says: "?"
Lars says: "..."
Lars says: "Who's throwing it?"
Steven says: "Ronaldo, the French Fryman."
Lars says: "Ugh!"
Lars says: "That social napalm?"
Lars says: "Do what you want, man."
Lars says: "I got better things to do than wax weird with Beach City's biggest bozo, *mockingly* Ronaldo."
Sadie says: "*exits the Big Donut* Ah, okay."
Sadie says: "Oh, ha!"
Sadie says: "Nice timing, Steven."
Sadie says: "Hey, should we head over to Ronaldo's?"
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Steven says: "I'm-a get so scared!"
Sadie says: "*laughs* Night, Lars."
Steven says: "Nighty-night!"
Lars says: "*runs after them* Hey!"
Lars says: "Wait up!"
Lars says: "*returns quickly to lock the door, and runs back to Sadie and Steven* So, where's this thing at?"
Steven says: "*pointing* It's right up there."
Trans. ext. The Lighthouse.
Steven, Sadie and Lars climbs the hill towards the Lighthouse, decorated with scarecrows outside. Steven knocks on the door and Ronaldo, wearing a mask and costume, opens the door.
Ronaldo says: "Steeeeeveeeeen..."
Ronaldo says: "!"
Ronaldo says: "*speaks dramatically* Welcome to my Beach City horror club."
Lars says: "*laughs aloud* More like comedy club."
Ronaldo says: "LARS?!"
Ronaldo says: "!"
Ronaldo says: "*accidentally drops his mask on ground, and it breaks* OH!"
Ronaldo says: "What are you doing here?!"
Ronaldo says: "!"
Ronaldo says: "Um..."
Ronaldo says: "*clears the doorway* C-c-c-come in."
Lars says: "*elbows Sadie, still laughing* I'm scared already."
Sadie says: "Ronaldo, right?"
Sadie says: "Yeah."
Sadie says: "I'm Sadie."
Sadie says: "*goes to shakes Ronaldo's hand* Nice to finally officially meet you."
Sadie and Lars step past Ronaldo into the Lighthouse. Lars suddenly turns around and shouts a single "Boo!", startling Ronaldo. He laughs again as he walks back into the Lighthouse. Steven is about to step inside when Ronaldo halts him.
Ronaldo says: "Steven, you're friends with Lars?"
Steven says: "Yeah."
Steven says: "Isn't everybody?"
Ronaldo says: "*breathes deeply and stomps inside* Oh, boy!"
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Trans. Int. The Lighthouse.
Inside the lantern room of the Lighthouse, Steven, Sadie and Lars are seated in front of a big TV.
Ronaldo says: "Our first film tonight is a rare classic that hardly needs introduction."
Ronaldo says: "*holds up a movie cover box* "Evil Bear 2: Bearly Alive"!"
Lars says: "What?!"
Lars says: "!"
Lars says: "I've seen that."
Lars says: "It's boring."
Lars says: "And that stupid fake C."
Lars says: "G."
Lars says: "bear!"
Lars says: "Hardly looks like it's really killing anybody."
Ronaldo says: "C."
Ronaldo says: "G."
Ronaldo says: "?!"
Ronaldo says: "!"
Ronaldo says: "Blasphemer!"
Ronaldo says: "*inches towards Lars* You saw the remake!"
Ronaldo says: "I have the original."
Ronaldo says: "A true fan would accept nothing less."
Lars says: "Whoa, man."
Lars says: "Take it down a notch."
Sadie says: "Whoa, wait."
Sadie says: "How did you get a copy of that?"
Sadie says: "Can I see the box?"
Sadie says: "Woah!"
Sadie says: "In this cut, you actually see Evil Bear eat the hermit's leg."
Sadie says: "Ho!"
Sadie says: "Oh, is this gonna be a bit much for him?"
Steven says: "I can handle it!"
Time Skip— Later that night.
Steven watches the movie, unfazed as bear growling and woman screaming are heard, when Ronaldo peeks over and reveals that Steven is just sitting behind the couch.
Ronaldo says: "Yo, Steven, are you sure you can see with the couch in your way?"
Movie Hermit Man says: "You're..."
Movie Hermit Man says: "eating my..."
Movie Hermit Man says: "leg!"
Steven cowers in fright as more screaming and the bear's evil laughter are heard.
Ronaldo says: "Oh, did I miss the part where you can see the sound guy?"
The power in the Lighthouse suddenly goes out, turning off the TV.
Lars says: "Hey!"
Lars says: "It was just getting good!"
Sadie says: "What's going on?"
Lars says: "Probably just a fuse."
Ronaldo says: "*shines a flashlight on his face* Or maybe it's a gho-o-st?"
Sadie says: "*chuckles and nervously smiles* Good one."
Ronaldo says: "*hands another flashlight to Sadie* No, really."
Ronaldo says: "What if it's a gho-o-o-o-st?"
Ronaldo says: "*rummages through his cabinet of files* As a skeptic of mortality, I've long suspected that this place might be haunted."
Ronaldo says: "*pulls out a pendulum* Aha!"
Ronaldo says: "Spirit, I beseech you!"
Lars says: "Dude, cut it out."
Lars says: "You're being super-weird."
Sadie and Steven gather around Ronaldo's pendulum, as Sadie shines her flashlight on it.
Ronaldo says: "We wish to make contact."
Ronaldo says: "Please, spirit, send us a sign."
The pendulum begins to swing around on its own accord, shoots off of Ronaldo's hands and hits Lars in his face.
Ronaldo says: "Woah!"
Lars says: "Ow!"
Ronaldo says: "Spirit, that was a good sign."
Ronaldo says: "But could you send a couple more like that just to be sure?"
Indistinct whispering are heard. The drawers of the cabinet suddenly burst open and files come flying out, swirling in circles above Ronaldo, Steven, Sadie, and Lars. Everyone screams in shock.
Ronaldo says: "That's—"
Ronaldo says: "That's okay, spirit."
Ronaldo says: "You can rein it in a little!"
A cup of coffee flies in and smashes in front of the group.
Sadie says: "How is this happening?!"
Sadie says: "!"
Steven says: "This..."
Steven says: "is amazing!"
Steven says: "A real-life haunted house!"
Steven says: "Ahh!"
A barrel smashes to the ground next to Steven, barely misses him as he jumps into Ronaldo's arms. Another cup of coffee hovers in the air and flies towards Lars.
Sadie says: "Look out!"
Sadie says: "*tackles Lars down, and the coffee cup misses him* Let's get out of here!"
The group runs towards the door, but it suddenly slams shut. Ronaldo pulls on the door knob with no luck.
Ronaldo says: "It won't open!"
The group then slams themselves through the door, successfully breaking it and exiting the lantern room. The door then mends itself from the broken pieces.
Ronaldo says: "I'm so sorry!"
Ronaldo says: "I had no idea there was this violent of a presence here."
Steven says: "It happens."
Lars says: "No, it doesn't!"
Lars says: "It's not a ghost!"
Sadie says: "Who cares what it is?"
Sadie says: "We need to get out of here."
The group starts descending down the spiraling staircase of the Lighthouse.
Ronaldo says: "You know, I deal with this kind of stuff on a regular basis, but, uh, you, uh, looked pretty cool back there."
Sadie says: "Yeah?"
Ronaldo says: "Yeah!"
Ronaldo says: "You really took charge."
Sadie says: "When stuff gets hairy, I just keep my eyes forward, you know?"
Ronaldo says: "Once the civilians are safe, I'm gonna come back to investigate, if you wanted to help."
Ronaldo and Sadie chuckle together, and Steven notices Lars getting unrest.
Steven says: "Something wrong, Lars?"
Lars says: "*covers Steven's mouth with both hands* OH, SHH!"
Eerie laughter of children is suddenly heard.
Sadie says: "What is that?"
Lars says: "Oh, it's nothing!"
Lars says: "We're all just hearing things and seeing things and feeling things that aren't real."
Lars runs ahead towards the front door, when it suddenly swings open and smashes him in the face, knocking him backwards. The scarecrows outside are now animated and creeping towards the group. Sadie and Ronaldo quickly lean themselves against the door, attempting to force it closed from the scarecrows. A few bats and a scarecrow manage to slip through the door, and they begin to attack Lars. Steven manages to pry the scarecrow and bats away from Lars and tosses them out the door, which Sadie and Ronaldo finally manage to shut afterwards.
Sadie says: "Have you ever seen a haunting this bad?!"
Sadie says: "!"
Ronaldo says: "This is no run-of-the-mill haunting!"
Ronaldo says: "*shines his flashlight onto his own face* It's a poltergeist."
Ronaldo says: "A "ghost" only haunts a house."
Ronaldo says: "A poltergeist haunts a person!"
Ronaldo says: "They're usually attracted to the terrifying inner world of the emotionally disturbed."
Lars says: "*sweats nervously, then walks forwards angrily* You think stuff is coming after me?!"
Lars says: "!"
Lars says: "How can you listen to this..."
Lars says: "weird guy?!"
Lars says: "!"
Lars says: "He practically lives in a haunted house."
Lars says: "Don't you think maybe he had something to do with it?"
Steven says: "I think you can stop being such a dink to Ronaldo."
Lars says: "*groans in frustration and runs toward Sadie* Sadie, you're not an idiot!"
Steven says: "Hey!"
Ronaldo says: "Hey!"
Lars says: "*grabs Sadie by her shoulder* Do you believe all of this?!"
Lars says: "!"
Sadie says: "I..."
Lars says: "All this stuff—"
Lars says: "They've gotta be doing it somehow."
Lars says: "We've gotta ditch these guys."
Lars says: "Come on."
Sadie backs away from Lars.
Sadie says: "*crosses her arms* I'm not ditching anyone."
Lars says: "BUT WHAT ABOUT ME, HUH?!"
Lars says: "!"
Lars says: "?!"
Lars says: "!"
Lars says: "Sadie!"
Lars says: "C'mon, you always—"
The floorboards suddenly open up underneath Sadie, revealing a glowing red void, and Sadie falls into it, screaming. Lars tries to rush forwards to save her but the floorboards close up, swallowing Sadie as her screams fade away, leaving just her flashlight behind.
Lars says: "Sadie?"
Ronaldo says: "The spirit took her!"
Ronaldo says: "*turns to Lars* You're gonna drag us all down with you!"
Ronaldo says: "Don't you even care?!"
Ronaldo says: "!"
Sadie says: "*distantly and weakly* Laaaaaars..."
A hatch on the floor suddenly opens up.
Ronaldo says: "The basement!"
Trans. Int. Basement of Lighthouse.
The trio descends into the basement, which is illuminated by the eerie red glow.
Lars says: "I don't see her anywhere!"
Ronaldo says: "Spirit, show yourself!"
Steven says: "It's close."
Steven says: "*places his hand on the lighthouse structure* I can feel it."
Steven says: "It's hurting and..."
Steven says: "obsessed."
Ronaldo shines his flashlight to a wall, and the trio notices a pulsing flesh-like structure with Lars' name carved into it.
Lars says: "*shudders* Ahaao..."
Ronaldo says: "It should have been you!"
Lars says: "Wh-what?"
Ronaldo says: "It took her, but it should have been you, Lars!"
Steven says: "Woah hold on, Ronaldo."
Spirit says: "*eerily* Laaarrrrsssss."
A mouth opens up in the wall below the pulsing flesh. Ronaldo grapples Lars and starts dragging him towards it.
Lars says: "Hey!"
Lars says: "Let go!"
Steven says: "*runs in front of Ronaldo* Wait!"
Steven says: "Stop!"
Steven says: "What are you doing?"
Ronaldo lifts Lars above his head, causing him to scream in fear.
Ronaldo says: "Spirit, I deliver the package of darkness!"
Ronaldo says: "Return to us the innocent Sadie!"
Spirit says: "Laaaaarrrsss!"
Lars says: "C-come on, man."
Lars says: "We used to be friends."
Ronaldo says: "And you threw me away!"
Lars says: "AAAAH!"
Steven says: "Lars!"
Ronaldo says: "No, Steven, he's not worth it!"
Lars says: "Why does everything bad happen to me?"
The mouth pins Steven and Lars down with its tongue. Its teeth begin to slowly come down in an attempt to sever Steven and Lars in half. Ronaldo watches in horror, when Steven summons his bubble shield, protecting himself and Lars. He then expands the bubble, causing the mouth to stretch and explode. The bubble rolls Steven and Lars away to safety before popping. Sadie then emerges from the rubble of the wall, coughing and gasping, along with a Gemstone.
Steven says: "Sadie!"
Ronaldo says: "Sadie!"
Lars says: "Sadie!"
Steven says: "*holds up the gem* It's a gem!"
The gem starts to glow, enveloping the place in a bright light, and begins to project a holographic flashback of a younger Lars and Ronaldo.
Young Ronaldo says: "This is the perfect clubhouse for the Beach City Explorer Club!"
Young Lars says: "Secret clubhouse, right, Ronnie?"
Young Lars says: "*makes mouth zipping motions* Zip!"
The group watches the holograph, as Steven laughs and Lars groans.
Young Ronaldo says: "Lars, you're a riot!"
Young Ronaldo is playing with a camera, when he is startled by some scrapping noises.
Young Ronaldo says: "DUDE!"
Young Lars says: "*etching his name into the wall with a screwdriver* Just carving our names in!"
Young Lars says: "Pretty metal, huh?"
Young Lars sticks the screwdriver into the wall, causing the whole place to rumble.
Young Ronaldo says: "Weird."
A wooden board from the wall then springs outwards and knocks Young Lars away. Young Ronaldo quickly snaps a photo of it.
Young Ronaldo says: "Holy smokes!"
Young Ronaldo says: "The clubhouse is possessed!"
Young Ronaldo says: "*runs over to Lars and shows him the photo* Lars!"
Young Ronaldo says: "Lars!"
Young Ronaldo says: "When you turn on the TV tomorrow, this is what's gonna be on every station!"
Young Lars says: "*sweating nervously* B-B-But—"
Young Lars says: "But you said this was secret!"
Young Ronaldo says: "Our first paranormal discovery!"
Young Ronaldo says: "We're gonna take on the world together!"
Young Lars says: "Um..."
Young Lars says: "Let me just—"
Young Lars says: "Uh, I'll just, uh..."
Young Ronaldo says: "*gasps* NO!"
Young Ronaldo says: "What are you doing?!"
Young Ronaldo says: "!"
Young Ronaldo says: "NO-NO-NO-NO-NO-NO!"
Young Lars says: "I'm just tearing myself out."
Young Ronaldo says: "STOP!"
Young Ronaldo says: "*grabs Lars and reaches for the remains of the photo* Let me..."
Young Ronaldo says: "SEE!"
Young Ronaldo says: "*yanks Lars' arm down and retrieves the torn photo* What'd you do?"
Young Ronaldo says: "Ohh!!!"
Young Lars says: "Oh, come on."
Young Lars says: "Ronnie, you know I can't let people see me like that."
Young Ronaldo says: "What?!"
Young Ronaldo says: "!"
Young Ronaldo says: "What's the matter with you?!"
Young Ronaldo says: "!"
Young Ronaldo says: "*shoves Lars* Don't you know how important this was?!"
Young Ronaldo says: "!"
Young Lars and Young Ronaldo begin wrestling one another. Young Lars then steps on Young Ronaldo's foot and starts running away.
Young Ronaldo says: "Aah!"
Young Ronaldo says: "Why do you care so much about what other people think?!"
Young Ronaldo says: "!"
Young Lars says: "*tearing up* You wouldn't say that if you knew what other people say about YOU!"
As the group watches, Ronaldo is visibly angry while Lars cowers in shame. Young Lars runs away and disappears in the flashback.
Young Ronaldo says: "Lars?"
Young Ronaldo vanishes too, and the projection ends.
Steven says: "Aah!"
Steven says: "*starts speaking to the gem* Okay, shh."
Steven says: "I've got you."
Steven says: "When you were stuck in the wall, was the house like your body?"
Steven says: "You must have felt like you were under attack back when Lars carved his name in you."
Ronaldo says: "Can I see that?"
Steven says: "Uh, sorry."
Steven says: "We should let it rest."
Sadie says: "So, all that lashing out was just from feeling hurt and trapped for so long..."
Lars says: "I didn't mean to rip it up, okay?"
Lars says: "*looks away* You can stop talking about me now."
Ronaldo says: "Wait!"
Ronaldo says: "Oh, Sadie, are you okay?"
Sadie says: "Uh, yeah."
Sadie says: "I'm fine."
Lars says: "Oh, yeah."
Lars says: "*chuckles* We were both worried about—"
Lars says: "I mean, I ran down here faster."
Sadie says: "Can we get out of here?"
Steven says: "Sadie, you can come with me."
Steven says: "I think these two have a lot to talk about."
Sadie says: "I bet."
Ronaldo says: "I wasn't trying to make you look bad."
Lars says: "*hastily tries to leave* Ahhh, whatever."
Lars says: "It didn't matter."
Lars says: "I don't care!"
Ronaldo says: "Hey, Lars."
Ronaldo says: "Take it down a notch."
The star iris begins zooming in on Lars' annoyed/embarrassed face.
Lars says: "*blushes* Aah!"
END.