The episode opens with the faces of Garnet, Pearl and Amethyst, and a scribble on a chalkboard reading "The Crystal Gems", before the "Crystal" is replaced with "Classroom".
Altogether says: "The Classroom Gems!"
Altogether says: "How are Gems made?"
Amethyst runs in, panting, and slides across the floor.
Amethystt says: "Whoops!"
Amethystt says: "Heh..."
Amethystt says: "*blushes a bit* Yo!"
Amethystt says: "Amethyst here, heh."
Amethystt says: "Time to find out, how Gems are made."
Amethystt says: "Okay, first, when a mommy Gem and a daddy Gem love each other very much..."
Amethystt says: "Psych!!"
Amethystt says: "Haha!"
Amethystt says: "There's no such thing as a mommy Gem or a daddy Gem!"
Amethystt says: "We're rocks, and rocks are made, not born, ha!"
Amethystt says: "Like me, I was made on Earth."
Amethystt says: "Hey Garnet, bring the cards out now!"
Garnet walks in, carrying a set of flashcards.
Amethyst says: "So, Yeah."
Amethyst says: "I was made on Earth, and then what happened was when some Gems from outer space came to here, with these big machines!"
Garnet says: "You should mention you're taking artistic license with that spaceship design."
Amethyst says: "Eh, it's for the internet."
Amethyst says: "Who cares?"
Amethyst says: "Anyway, they put the machines on Earth, and shot this junk into the dirt, and boom, you pop right out!"
Steven says: "Oh!"
Steven says: "I have a question!"
Amethyst says: "Yeah?"
Steven says: "Were you guys ever babies?"
Steven imagines three images of Garnet, Amethyst and Pearl as babies.
Amethyst says: "Ew, gross."
Garnet says: "Definitely not."
The three images pop away from Steven's mind.
Steven says: "Aww..."
Amethyst says: "Being a weak baby would be a pain, so we suck up all the good stuff from the ground, so we can pop out all big and strong!"
Pearl runs in, laughing nervously.
Pearl says: "We understand that Gem production was extremely damaging to the Earth, and we deeply regret our involvement in this process."
Pearl says: "The era of Gem production on Earth is over, and while we've left scars, please know we've done everything we can to counteract the damage that was done to here!"
Garnet picks Pearl up and carries her away, as she finishes talking.
Amethyst says: "So, uh..."
Amethyst says: "yeah!"
Amethyst says: "Heh, that's how Gems are made."
Steven says: "Hmm, are you sure you guys were never babies?"
A dunce hat drops onto Steven's head and he frowns in dismay. The school bell rings as the words "Class Dismissed!" are shown.
END.