Open Int. Beach House.
Following the events in Are You My Dad?, after Steven regained consciousness, he quickly announces the latest crisis to the Crystal Gems at his home.
Steven says: "This is an emergency!"
Pearl says: "Why is Homeworld stealing humans from the boardwalk?"
Steven says: "I don't know, but they're only taking my friends!"
Steven says: "They even got Connie!"
Steven says: "If we don't do something, they're going to take them into space!"
Amethyst says: "And our spaceship got jacked, so if they leave Earth..."
Garnet says: "They'll be gone for good."
Amethyst says: "Ugh!"
Amethyst says: "Who were these guys?"
Steven says: "That little Gem I saw before, her name's Aquamarine."
Pearl says: "What?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Steven says: "She's got a big friend- a fusion, named..."
Steven says: "Topaz."
Pearl says: "A Topaz fusion..."
Pearl says: "And an Aquamarine?"
Amethyst says: "Are they a big deal?"
Pearl says: "Uhh, yes!"
Pearl says: "Blue and Yellow Diamond must have sent them personally."
Steven says: "The Diamonds?"
Steven says: "Oh no!"
Steven says: "They must be collecting more humans for the zoo!"
Amethyst says: "But there's loads of humans on Earth."
Amethyst says: "Why are they only grabbing your friends?"
Steven says: "Maybe..."
Steven says: "Because my friends are the best!"
The Gems look away in uneasy, when Steven's phone starts buzzing.
Steven says: "*gasps* It's from Connie!"
Steven says: "I know where they are!"
Trans. Int. Beach City Funland.
A photo is sent to Steven's phone, revealing the entrance of Funland, and the Crystal Gems head there immediately.
Garnet says: "Stay alert."
Garnet says: "They could be anywhere."
Amethyst says: "Did Connie send you any more pictures?"
Steven says: "No, nothing."
Pearl says: "We know they're here somewhere."
The Gems run on ahead, leaving Steven behind, as he begins whisper-yelling for his friends.
Steven says: "Connie?"
Steven says: "Lars?"
Steven says: "Sadie?"
Steven says: "Onion?"
Steven says: "*sighs* Why them?"
Steven tries calling Connie's cellphone, and "Alone Together" is heard in the distance. Steven runs towards the source of the music and finds Connie's phone on the ground. The Crystal Gems also come walking in too, after hearing the music.
Heavy footsteps is then heard from behind Steven. He peeks behind from the corner of his eyes and spots Topaz peeking out from behind the merry-go-round.
Aquamarine says: "*pops out* Oh, no!"
Aquamarine says: "♪ You found us."
Onion and Sadie peeks out too, mumbling frantically.
Jamie says: "*pops out* Help!"
Steven says: "Give it up, Aquamarine!"
Steven says: "There's nowhere to run!"
Aquamarine says: "Oh, what's this, now?"
Aquamarine says: "Did you think we were running away?"
Jamie says: "Steven, save yourself..."
Jamie says: "After you save us!"
Aquamarine says: "Huh."
Aquamarine says: "*pulls out her wand* You know, now that I think about it, this Steven does seem to know everyone on our list."
Aquamarine says: "The list did come from a Steven, after all."
Aquamarine says: "Maybe you can help us out."
Garnet says: "Just let the humans go!"
Aquamarine says: "Uhh, no!"
Aquamarine says: "Who are these dullards?"
Amethyst says: "We're the Crystal Gems, you chump!"
Aquamarine says: "Yeah, yeah."
Aquamarine says: "Rose Quartz's old lackeys."
Aquamarine says: "That was in the report, too."
Aquamarine says: "We're not here for any of you rogue Gems."
Aquamarine says: "We'll leave you totally alone..."
Aquamarine says: "If!"
Aquamarine says: "You tell us where we can find my dad."
Steven says: "I don't know what you're talking about!"
Aquamarine says: "Let's see."
Aquamarine says: "Yellow Diamond asked for, uh, my dad, a Connie, a Lars, a Sadie, a mailman, and an Onion, I think."
Aquamarine says: "Six human variations specified in a report by Peridot 5XG."
Steven gasps in shock as he flashes back to the time of Marble Madness, when he was talking to Peridot for the first time.
Past Steven says: ""Oh no, there's lots of humans, there's my dad, Connie, Lars and Sadie, the mailman, Onion..."
Past Steven says: "I think."
The brief flashback ends, leaving Steven morbidly horrified.
Steven says: "The list."
Steven says: "I gave them the list."
Pearl says: "What are you talking about?"
Steven says: "Aquamarine doesn't have a dad."
Steven says: "She's looking for someone named "my dad"!"
Steven says: "."
Steven says: "This is all my fault."
Garnet says: "Don't worry about that now."
Garnet says: "Our objective's still the same: beat the Gems..."
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Save our friends!"
Aquamarine says: "Hey Topaz, look!"
Aquamarine says: "They want to lose another fight."
Garnet charges forth, preparing to make the first strike, when Topaz moves Jamie, merged in her body, right in Garnet's trajectory, causing her to flinch.
Jamie says: "No, Garnet, I've moved on, I swear!"
Garnet quickly halts herself to avoid hurting Jamie, which however, also allows Topaz to grab her by her head and throws her away, slamming right into a game booth.
Steven says: "Garnet!"
Amethyst says: "That's dirty!"
Pearl says: "*leaps up* My spear can reach her without hurting the hostages!"
Aquamarine says: "Oh, you're so smart."
Aquamarine says: "*fires a tractor beam with her wand at Pearl* Goodbye!"
Pearl says: "Whoa!"
Aquamarine hurls Pearl high up into the sky, causing her to disappear into it with a blink. Amethyst then coils her whip around Connie's hand and attempts to pull her out of Topaz's body. Topaz, however, stops her by stomping on the whip with her foot. Garnet emerges from inside the game booth, Pearl lands back from the sky, and the Crystal Gems regroup.
Aquamarine says: "This is getting annoying."
Aquamarine says: "Hey, Topaz, can you remind me?"
Aquamarine says: "I mean, my memory is perfect, but our orders were to bring back these six humans."
Aquamarine says: "I'm just not sure."
Aquamarine says: "Did they specify..."
Aquamarine says: "alive?"
Aquamarine makes a sinister look at the Crystal Gems, startled by her remark. Aquamarine then quickly takes on an overjoyed expression.
Aquamarine says: "You know, I don't think they did!"
Jamie says: "Huh?"
At Aquamarine's comment, Topaz grips Jamie's head in her hand.
Steven says: "Jamie."
Jamie says: "*whimpering* Steven?"
Aquamarine says: "I just think, if you care about your "friends" or whatever, you should tell me where "my dad" is, all right?"
Pearl says: "What are we going to do?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Steven says: "*runs towards Aquamarine* Stop!"
Steven says: "I know where you can find "my dad"."
Aquamarine says: "Ooh!"
Aquamarine says: "Where?"
Aquamarine says: "Where!"
Aquamarine says: "?"
Steven says: "Right here."
Steven says: "I'm the one you're looking for."
Steven says: "I am "my dad"!"
Pearl says: "What?"
Amethyst says: "Huh?"
Aquamarine says: "I know what you're thinking, Topaz."
Aquamarine says: "It seems a little suspicious that "my dad" is also a "Steven"."
Aquamarine says: "But you know..."
Aquamarine says: "If it means getting out of here, I'll believe it."
Topaz instantly unfuses into two Topazes, holding hands while carrying the other humans.
Connie says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "Steven, do you know what you're doing?"
Steven glances at Pearl and gives a thumbs-up, as the Topazes fuse together with Steven in between, merging him and the other humans in Topaz's body. Only Steven's head is visible from the surface of Topaz's back, along with Lars' half-submerged head and arm.
Steven says: "Oh!"
Steven says: "Hi, Lars."
Lars shouts in anger, but is muffled, due to his mouth merged in Topaz's body.
Steven says: "Don't worry, I'm gonna bust us all out with my bubble power!"
Steven begins straining, while Onion, merged on Topaz's shoulder, murmurs something to Topaz.
Steven says: "Her body's..."
Steven says: "so thick."
Steven says: "*grunts* This..."
Steven says: "might be..."
Steven says: "a little difficult."
Lars muffle-shouts in anger again, banging on Topaz's back with his free arm.
Aquamarine says: "Time to go!"
Aquamarine raises her wand, and a spaceship, disguised as the top of a merry-go-around, activates, floating into the air and opening a door into it.
Steven says: "Just need..."
Steven says: "a minute..."
Topaz leaps onto the ship's door and Aquamarine flies in front of the Crystal Gems to taunt them.
Aquamarine says: "Very nice meeting you all, and your compliance is appreciated, but!"
Aquamarine says: "- *dodges a stab from Pearl's spear* Our job here is done, so..."
Aquamarine blows a raspberry as she flies into her ship. Steven stops straining as he looks around the interior of the ship.
Aquamarine says: "*sighs* Let's get back to Homeworld already."
Jamie says: "But I'm already on my home world."
Jamie says: "I haven't even delivered all the mail today."
Steven says: "Don't worry."
Steven says: "I can do this."
Sadie, Lars and Connie, with their mouths merged in Topaz's body, begin muffle-shouting in panic and anger.
Jamie says: "Ohh!"
Jamie says: "You might want to hurry, Steven."
Jamie says: "The threat of us perishing in this quagmire of yellow feels very real; a real encompassing kind of real."
Jamie says: "A neon death trap, which has imprisoned us so tightly, like a winter coat that's too big in the sleeves."
Lars flails his hand in Steven's face in his anger.
Steven says: "Lars, stop!"
Steven says: "I need to concentrate!"
Aquamarine says: "Ughh."
Aquamarine says: "If I never get sent on another mission to Earth, it'll be too soon."
Aquamarine says: "What an ordeal."
Aquamarine says: "But the Diamonds needed me."
Aquamarine says: "That's the burden of being the best."
Jamie says: "What justice is there in such a gross tangling of symbols?!"
Jamie says: "!"
Aquamarine says: "Will you stop?!"
Aquamarine says: "!"
Aquamarine says: "You're ruining my moment!"
Jamie says: "*whimpering* Steven."
Steven says: "I almost got it!"
Jamie says: "Huh?"
Topaz starts sweating and begins expanding like a balloon. She eventually pops, forcefully separated back into two Topazes, as Steven successfully summons his bubble shield. Everyone screams as they are freed from Topaz's imprisonment and scattered around the ship.
Aquamarine says: "What?!"
Aquamarine says: "!"
Aquamarine says: "Topaz!"
Aquamarine says: "Get this mess cleaned up."
Aquamarine says: "And, Topaz, help her out."
Aquamarine says: "I'm setting a course."
Steven says: "The door!"
Steven says: "Huh?"
A Topaz approaches Steven, summons her mace from her gem and swings it at Steven, who quickly blocks it with his shield. At that moment, Lars and Sadie slowly get up.
Sadie says: "Lars!"
Sadie says: "Lars?!"
Sadie says: "!"
Lars whimpers and shivers in fear, as he watches Connie and Steven engaging both Topazes in battle.
Connie says: "Steven, let's fuse!"
Steven says: "We're already in the air."
Steven says: "How are we going to get back?"
A Topaz twirls her mace and swings it with immerse speed and strength at Connie and Steven, who manages to endure the attack inside his bubble shield.
Connie says: "*gasps* Watch out!"
A Topaz swings her mace again hits Steven's bubble away. At that moment, Aquamarine taps on a button on the ship's control panel.
Aquamarine says: "I'd really appreciate you wrapping it up down there before we exit the atmosphere?"
Steven and Connie, after being knocked back, slowly gets up, as Steven spots Sadie trying to drag Lars on his foot.
Sadie says: "Come on!"
Sadie says: "Lars, you gotta get up!"
Sadie says: "We gotta move!"
A Topaz swings her mace at Lars, and Sadie quickly pushes Lars out of the way. The Topaz then grabs Sadie and grasps her in her hand.
Sadie says: "Lars!"
Sadie says: "Come on!"
Sadie says: "Help me!"
Sadie says: "Lars!"
Lars, paralyzed with fear, gets up, only to run away in cowardice, and hides in the basement of the ship.
Sadie says: "Lars..."
The Topaz suddenly turns around, blocking an attack from Connie with her mace. At that moment, Sadie bites Topaz's finger, causing her to release her, and Sadie runs towards Connie.
Sadie says: "Hey, thanks!"
Sadie says: "Get to the door!"
Aquamarine says: "Topaz, pull it together and finish this!"
The two Topaz look at each other and approach each other.
Connie says: "Steven?"
The two Topaz fuses together back into a big Topaz, in turns fusing their maces together into a pugil stick, and engages Steven and Connie in battle again.
Steven says: "Connie, I'm sorry!"
Connie says: "What are you- *blocks Topaz's attack* -talking about?!"
Connie says: "!"
Steven says: "It's my fault you were abducted..."
Steven says: "*gets knocked back by Topaz* Why everyone was taken."
Steven says: "If it weren't for me, the Diamonds wouldn't have come for my friends."
Steven says: "If it weren't for my mom, they wouldn't even be trying to destroy the Earth!"
Connie says: "Steven!"
Connie says: "*defends Steven against one of Topaz's attacks* Focus!"
Just now, the entire ship begins to tremble.
Aquamarine says: "What now?"
Steven says: "The door."
Connie says: "Right."
Steven runs up to the door switch and opens, revealing Alexandrite outside, holding the ship down.
Connie says: "Alexandrite!"
Steven says: "Take us close to the water."
Steven says: "We're gonna jump!"
Sadie says: "What?!"
Sadie says: "!"
Jamie says: "Huh?"
Alexandrite pushes the ship down towards the ocean.
Onion immediately runs out of the door and plunges into the ocean.
Steven says: "Uhh, go!"
Steven says: "Go."
Jamie says: "Steven, I-I seem to be paralyzed with fear."
Jamie says: "Whoa!"
Steven lifts Jamie up and throws him overboard, as Sadie and Connie jumps off the ship as well. However, Aquamarine then fires her tractor beam, halting Jamie, Sadie, Connie, Onion and Alexandrite in their tracks.
Aquamarine says: "Nice try."
Aquamarine says: "But it's hopeless, "my dad"."
Aquamarine says: "I can't go back to Homeworld without getting what the Diamonds want."
Steven glances down at his friends in peril and begins to confess in defeat.
Steven says: "I'm..."
Steven says: "not my dad."
Aquamarine says: "What?!"
Aquamarine says: "!"
Steven says: "I'm not my dad!"
Aquamarine says: "How much longer is this mission going to take?"
Steven says: "Well, I can end it for you, right now."
Aquamarine says: "Oh, really?"
Steven says: "I'm someone the Diamonds will want more than any of these humans: the leader of the Crystal Gem rebellion; the Gem that shattered Pink Diamond."
Steven says: "I'm not my dad."
Steven says: "I'm my mom."
Steven says: "*lifts his shirt* I'm Rose Quartz!"
Aquamarine says: "*gasps* No way."
Aquamarine retracts her tractor beam, causing Alexandrite to unfuse, and everyone to drop into the ocean.
Connie says: "Steven?"
Pearl says: "No, don't!"
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Amethyst says: "What are you doing?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Steven says: "I get it now."
Steven says: "I'm the only one who can stop what she started."
Steven says: "I can stop all of it!"
Garnet says: "You're wrong!"
Garnet says: "Steven, get down here!"
Steven says: "She wouldn't have wanted this."
Steven says: "But I do."
Amethyst says: "I'm gonna kick your butt if you don't come down here right now!"
Steven turns and walks back into the ship, surrendering himself to Aquamarine and Topaz.
Pearl says: "Steven..."
Connie says: "No!"
Connie says: "Don't you dare!"
Steven says: "I love you."
Connie says: "No!"
Connie says: "Stooop!"
The door of the ship closes, and the ship blasts off, disappearing into the evening sky.
Connie says: "STEEEVEEEN!"
END.