Open Ext. Beach City.
A large thud shakes the ground and the entire city notices, including Peridot and Bismuth, who are cleaning up Little Homeworld. The citizens of the city in the streets look and see a giant Pink Kaiju Monster on the beach who roars loudly. The scene cuts to Lapis, Larimar, and Angel Aura Quartz overseeing the beach on the Little Homeworld tower.
Lapis says: "What?"
Cut to the Beach House. Wearing her old suit of armor, Bismuth enters the Beach House from the Warp Pad with Peridot and Lapis.
Bismuth says: "Reinforcements are-huh?"
The three are surprised to see the entire front wall of the house demolished. As they walk outside, they see Connie, Greg, and the Crystal Gems trying to reach out to the monster who is slowly walking around.
Greg says: "Just calm down, son!"
Greg says: "Take deep breaths!"
Greg says: "Deep breaths!"
Amethyst says: "Yeah!"
Amethyst says: "Relax, Buddy!"
Amethyst says: "Oh!"
Turning, the monster roars loudly. Bismuth, Peridot, and Lapis all jump down to the beach.
Peridot says: "Let's hurry up and clobber that thing!"
Garnet says: "Stand down."
Peridot says: "What for?!"
Peridot says: "!"
Lapis says: "Where's Steven?"
Garnet says: "That is Steven."
Bismuth says: "*eyes widen* WHAT?!"
Peridot says: "*eyes widen* WHAT?!"
Lapis says: "*eyes widen* WHAT?!"
Bismuth says: "!"
Peridot says: "!"
Lapis says: "!"
Steven, now a gigantic pink monster bashes his head against the cliff of the temple, causing an avalanche of boulders to fall.
Garnet says: "RUN!"
Everyone runs away from the rocks as they crash down.
Amethyst says: "He's not listening to us at all!"
Pearl says: "What happened to him?"
Pearl says: "First, he says he's a shatterer, and then he's turned into..."
Pearl says: "this thing!"
Connie says: "We can change him back, can't we?"
Garnet says: "*looking down* As long as he believes he's a monster, he'll stay one."
Roaring again, Steven begins to move towards Beach City.
Bismuth says: "We gotta keep him away from the town!"
Garnet says: "Connie, do what you can to protect the townspeople."
Connie says: "Right!"
Garnet says: "You three, draw him into the ocean and hold him there."
Garnet says: "Let's go guys."
Steven tries to climb over the lighthouse and towards Beach City, scaring townspeople away. Alexandrite jumps on him and covers his eyes. Steven begins to move and squirm around, bashing Alexandrite between him and the hill, forcing her to unfuse. Peridot moves her and Bismuth through the air with her powers and hit Steven, getting his attention.
Bismuth says: "That got his attention!"
Peridot says: "*calling after him* Sorry, Steven!"
Steven jumps out to the ocean to attack them, but Lapis forms a whirlpool under him and launches water chains to restrain him. He begins to struggle and roar again. She holds out her fists to hold the chains.
Lapis says: "I've got him, but I can't hold him forever!"
Amethyst says: "Now what do we do?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Pearl says: "We can't just leave him like this!"
Garnet says: "We need to reach him in there."
Garnet says: "We need to bring out his humanity."
Amethyst says: "*sighs* You know who would be great at that?"
Everyone says: "Who?!"
Everyone says: "!"
Amethyst says: "STEVEN!"
Everyone looks up to see the Diamond Ship landing beside them.
Spinel says: "Yoo-hoo!"
Spinel says: "Steven!"
White Diamond says: "Is this a bad time?"
Amethyst says: "You gotta be kidding me."
The doors of the ship open and Spinel jumps out, holding Steven's flip flop.
Spinel says: "You forgot your foot thong thingy- OOOHHH, WHA?!"
Spinel says: "!"
The Diamonds walk out, seeing the monster. Spinel climbs up on Yellow Diamond's shoulder.
Yellow Diamond says: "What is going on here?"
White Diamond says: "Why is something like this always happening when we show up for a visit?"
Blue Diamond says: "What is that thing?"
Garnet says: "That thing is Steven."
Yellow Diamond says: "WHAT?!"
Yellow Diamond says: "!"
White Diamond says: "IMPOSSIBLE!"
Blue Diamond says: "*fearful* Is he corrupted?"
Yellow Diamond says: "But how?"
Garnet says: "Never mind that."
Garnet says: "We have to change him back."
Yellow Diamond says: "Leave it to me."
Yellow rubs her hands and sends an energy aura towards Steven to try and revert his physical form to his normal self. Despite shrinking his head, it immediately reverts to full size and he roars.
Yellow Diamond says: "*surprised* With my new power, I should be able to alter his physical form."
Blue Diamond says: "He's resisting."
Blue Diamond says: "Maybe he needs to feel better first."
Blue Diamond says: "I can help with that."
Blue conjures up her clouds of joy and blows it towards Steven, but he forces the cloud directly towards Blue.
Yellow Diamond says: "*runs in front of her* Look out!"
Yellow Diamond says: "*the cloud hits Yellow and Spinel, causing them to burst out laughing* Wow!"
Yellow Diamond says: "Your new power didn't work, either!"
White Diamond says: "Enough."
White Diamond says: "I know exactly how to help."
White Diamond says: "*walks towards him* If I connect with him and he speaks through me, maybe we'll understand what he's going through."
White Diamond says: "Now then."
White Diamond says: "Do you hear me, Steven?"
White Diamond says: "*her gem glows and the atmosphere colors change* Just relax and let me in."
Steven roars at the colors changing.
White Diamond says: "Wait."
White Diamond says: "*her eyes glow and she falls back* Ahh!"
Yellow Diamond says: "White!"
Blue and Yellow Diamond catch her as she snaps out of it.
Blue Diamond says: "What happened?"
White Diamond says: "Oh!"
White Diamond says: "That's not Steven anymore!"
Steven roars, beginning to break free from the water chains.
Lapis says: "I-I can't hold him much longer!"
Steven's eyes and spikes glow, and he lets out a big, furious roar that pushes White, Yellow, Blue, Spinel, Bismuth, Peridot, Lapis, Greg, Garnet, Amethyst and Pearl back and breaks the water chains holding him. The Diamond Ship topples over. The impact causes Garnet to unfuse into Ruby and Sapphire as well. Steven walks towards them, but the cracks in the ground cause The Cluster to emerge and appear, grabbing him. Pearl wakes up, sees it and gasps.
Amethyst says: "*running up* Guys!"
Amethyst says: "Look!"
Amethyst says: "The Cluster is trying to hold Steven back!"
Peridot says: "I can't believe it!"
Peridot says: "He's even stronger than The Cluster!"
Bismuth says: "Don't let your guard down."
Bismuth says: "He could break free at any moment."
Pearl says: "Deep inside this..."
Pearl says: "monster."
Pearl says: "Steven must be in there, so angry."
Amethyst says: "I knew something was goin' on."
Amethyst says: "I, uh- why didn't I do something?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Sapphire says: "*crying* If we don't get through to him, he'll stay like this forever!"
While Ruby and Sapphire cry, Lapis stands nearby watching them. Greg takes a few steps back, a scared and worried look on his face.
Amethyst says: "Dude!"
Amethyst says: "You should get outta here before you get hurt!"
Greg says: "NO!"
Greg says: "Every time Gem stuff happens, I run the other way!"
Greg says: "This is my son!"
Greg says: "And he's right to be angry because I didn't protect him!"
Blue Diamond says: "*tearing up* You didn't protect him from us!"
Blue Diamond says: "*crying* He's like this because of us!"
Yellow Diamond says: "*crying* We're the source of Steven's suffering!"
Spinel says: "*crying* *blows nose* This is my fault!"
White Diamond says: "*crying* Spinel!"
White Diamond says: "Don't be silly!"
White Diamond says: "Everyone knows that all of this is because of me!"
Spinel says: "NO, it's because of ME!"
Spinel says: "I tried to wipe his friend's memories so he could die alone on a barren world!"
White Diamond says: "*crying* But that was because you were angry with Pink, and if Pink hurt you, it was because I hurt her!"
White Diamond says: "Like I hurt Yellow, and Blue, and Steven, and everyone in the entire universe!"
White Diamond says: "*sobbing* This is all my fault!"
Connie says: "YES, IT IS!!"
Everyone turns to see Connie has returned and she jumps onto the beach with Lion.
Connie says: "Yes, you hurt him, but this isn't the time to make this all about you!"
Connie says: "That is not helping!"
Connie says: "Maybe Steven would care how sad you are because he always puts everyone else's feelings first!"
Connie says: "But he can't do that for you right now, because he needs us this time!"
Connie says: "We all had Steven when we needed him, but the only person who's never had Steven is Steven!"
Connie says: "He's always been there for us, so, *sighs*..."
Connie says: "How can we be there for him NOW?!"
Connie says: "!"
Ruby and Sapphire fuse back into Garnet.
Garnet says: "I know how."
As Garnet summons her visor, they turn all to see Steven overpowering the Cluster and throwing it down, sending it back to the Earth's core. He begins to quickly run towards them.
Garnet says: "Okay!"
Garnet says: "No time to waste!"
Garnet says: "Yellow, make me as big as him!"
Yellow Diamond says: "Right!"
Garnet says: "Blue, lift everyone up!"
Blue Diamond says: "Of course!"
Garnet says: "Everyone, get in line!"
Greg says: "You got it!"
Garnet says: "It's time to show Steven..."
Garnet says: "some love."
As Steven gets closer, Lapis flies around him again and lifts up a wave to stop and distract him.
Lapis says: "Sorry buddy, I need you to stay here!"
Steven is stopped for a second by the wave and turns back to the beach. The Diamonds are running towards him while the gems and Greg are being lifted by clouds quickly. Bismuth is being carried by Peridot. Garnet, who has grown to Steven's size is leading.
Connie says: "STEVEN!"
The Diamonds says: "STEVEN!"
Crystal Gems says: "STEVEN!"
Greg says: "STEVEN!"
Now the same size as the pink monster, Garnet leaps up towards Steven.
Garnet says: "STEVEN!!!!!"
A surprised Steven begins to struggle as Garnet lands and holds her arms tightly over him, giving him a hug.
Garnet says: "*calmly* Steven, when I fell apart, you were there for me."
Garnet says: "I want to be there for you now."
Garnet says: "I'm here, Steven."
Garnet says: "I'm here."
Steven stops struggling and stands in the hug.
Lapis says: "This is working?"
Lapis says: "You hear us?"
Lapis says: "STEVEN!"
The Diamonds come in for the hug too, with White having an awkward expression. The rest of the Gems and Greg make it in too, with Spinel coming in to tie them all in the hug together with her arms.
Greg says: "I'm here, Schtuball!"
Greg says: "Whatever you need, I'll make it happen!"
Greg says: "You hear me?!"
Greg says: "!"
Peridot says: "STEVEN!"
Peridot says: "You never gave up on me for some reason I don't understand!"
Peridot says: "I'LL DO THE SAME FOR YOU!"
Amethyst says: "*crying* I know you feel bad!"
Amethyst says: "Believe me, I get it!"
Amethyst says: "Sometimes it feels like you're never gonna like yourself but..."
Amethyst says: "*sniffs* It's possible, man!"
Pearl says: "*tearful* Steven, I know how awful it feels to keep a part of yourself secret!"
Pearl says: "You shouldn't have to hide anything from me!"
Steven grunts, as The Cluster reemerges, holding his hand. Connie appears last, jumping from Lion's portal and lands on his nose. She walks closer, hugging him.
Connie says: "*sighs* Steven..."
Connie says: "you must have been so afraid to show us this side of yourself."
Connie says: "But we're not going anywhere."
Connie says: "We're all gonna take care of you the same way you take care of us."
Connie says: "You know what?"
Connie says: "I don't have your powers, but..."
The scene cuts to black, a pink droplet appearing. The scene then cuts to show pink drops falling into the ocean, as Steven cries. His tears start to glow, and then the rest of him as he starts to transform back. Fade to white. Steven wakes up, back to normal, still crying, and notices Connie wiping away his tear.
Steven says: "Huh?"
Steven looks and sees Blue, White, Yellow, Spinel, Greg, Connie, Garnet, Lapis, Bismuth, Pearl, Peridot and Amethyst smiling at him, and that he is sitting in the Cluster's open hand.
Steven says: "Wha..."
Steven says: "I..."
Lion comes into his vision and licks his face.
Steven says: "*chuckles* Lion."
Steven says: "*hugs him and laughs* Lion!"
While still hugging Lion, Steven, letting out his emotions and he begins sobbing as Spinel sits in the loop in Blue Diamond's hair. Still wearing her armor, Bismuth moves one of her tears away. We watch as the group sits on the Cluster. Fade to black.
END.