Open Int. Mask Island.
The Crystal Gems are searching, assumingly for a Gem Monster, on an island. Their search comes to an end on the island's beach.
Pearl says: "Are you sure it's here?"
Garnet says: "It was."
Pearl says: "Do you think it swam away?"
Garnet says: "We'll have to look."
Steven says: "*gazes out to the ocean* Whoa..."
Amethyst says: "*picks Steven up* Come on!"
Amethyst says: "it's time to go."
Steven says: "Awww, already?"
Steven says: "*steps on the Warp Pad* Wait, wait, can I warp us back?"
Pearl says: "*smiles* Alright."
Steven says: "Yes!"
Steven extends his arms to his sides and begins concentrating. The warp stream then beams the Crystal Gems away.
Trans. int. Beach House.
The Crystal Gems arrive safely back at the Crystal Temple's Warp Pad.
Steven says: "*gasps happily* I did it!"
Steven says: "I'm the warp master!"
Pearl says: "You did great."
Garnet says: "Good job."
Steven says: "Waaaaahh!!"
Pearl says: "Amethyst!"
Pearl says: "That's not funny!"
Amethyst shapeshifts her head back to normal with a smile on her face.
Garnet says: "Ehh, it was a little funny."
Pearl says: "Regardless, we need to warp back out."
Steven says: "*gets up* Can I warp us there?"
Garnet says: "We're going underwater."
Pearl says: "*smiles worriedly* And you do need air to breathe."
Steven says: "Then can I tell all my friends I'm the warp master?"
Steven runs out of the house before Pearl can finish her sentence.
Trans. Big Donut.
Steven runs towards the Big Donut and enters it.
Steven says: "I'm the warp master!"
Sadie says: "*without enthusiasm* That's nice, Steven."
Lars says: "*mumbling angrily in his sleep* Steven..."
Sadie says: "You want a donut?"
Steven says: "Chocolate jelly, please."
Sadie tries to get over the fast-asleep Lars but falls over, collapsing on top of Lars and waking him up.
Lars says: "Wha—"
Lars says: "huh?"
Lars says: "Sadie!"
Lars says: "I, like, just got to sleep!"
Lars says: "Now I have to start all over!"
Sadie says: "Then don't sleep at the counter!"
Sadie says: "I'm trying to work!"
Lars says: "Why don't you not work at the counter when I'm trying to sleep!"
Lars and Sadie begins to argue, and Steven ponders to himself.
Steven says: "Something is having a bad effect on their relationship..."
Steven says: "and their customer service."
Sadie says: "You could get fired!"
Lars says: "Who cares?"
Lars says: "I'm sick of this place."
Lars says: "I wanna go somewhere new."
Steven says: "*gasps* That's it!"
Steven says: "I'm the warp master!"
Sadie says: "Yeah, Steven."
Sadie says: "I know."
Steven says: "I can take us on vacation!"
Steven says: "Somewhere warm, and beautiful, and magical."
Steven says: "For just the two of you."
Lars and Sadie look at each other, when Steven barges in.
Steven says: "And me!"
Sadie says: "It could be worth a try."
Trans. Int. Mask Island.
Steven warps Sadie and Lars onto Mask Island.
Steven says: "We're here!"
Steven says: "Come on, this way!"
Lars says: "This is way too weird."
Lars says: "I'm going home."
Steven says: "No, no, follow me!"
Steven says: "You gotta see it!"
Sadie says: "Come on, Lars!"
Sadie says: "Give it a chance!"
Lars says: "Ugh."
Lars says: "Fine, but if it blows, I'm out of here."
Lars and Steven walk ahead, leaving Sadie looking slightly dejected. The group then walks through to the island jungle and arrive at the island beach.
Steven says: "Welcome to paradise!"
Sadie says: "Oh, Steven, it's beautiful."
Lars says: "It's a beach."
Lars says: "WE LIVE ON A BEACH!"
Steven says: "It's a magical beach!"
Lars says: "Is that why my phone has no reception?"
Lars says: "Why were you even here?"
Steven says: "We came here to look for a dangerous Gem creature, that we never found."
Lars says: "..."
Lars says: "Yup, I'm gone."
Sadie says: "Huh?"
Sadie says: "Lars?"
Sadie says: "Wait, Lars, this could actually be kind of fun!"
Lars says: "If I'm going to be bored out of my mind, and possibly die, I'm gonna go to work, and get paid for it."
Lars goes back through the jungle back to the warp pad, but cannot find it.
Lars says: "Okay, where is it?"
Steven says: "What?"
Lars says: "The teleporter thing!"
Lars says: "Where is it?!"
Lars says: "!"
Sadie says: "Oh, it wouldn't disappear, would it?"
Steven says: "No, no, no."
Steven says: "Well, maybe."
Lars says: "What?!"
Lars says: "!"
Steven says: "It's okay!"
Steven says: "The Gems will come to save us when they see I'm missing!"
Steven says: "Eventually..."
Lars says: "Steven!"
Lars says: "How could you do this?!"
Lars says: "!"
Lars says: "*grabs Steven* We're stranded!"
Sadie says: "Calm down!"
Sadie says: "*gently pushes Lars away from Steven* Is this really the worst place to be stuck in?"
Lars says: "Ugh, you calm down."
Lars says: "I'm gonna find better reception."
The group ventures deeper into the jungle, reaching a waterfall with geode formations.
Sadie says: "Well, I think it's amazing, Steven."
Lars says: "*looking for a phone signal* Nothing!"
Steven says: "*gasps* Guys!"
Steven says: "Check it out!"
Steven says: "I found these rocks that look like pillows!"
Sadie says: "Heh."
Sadie says: "Good job, Steven."
Lars says: "My rock is too close to those other rocks."
Lars moves his rock far away from the others and lays down on it.
Steven says: "Sadie, I don't know what I'm doing wrong."
Sadie says: "Tell me about it."
Steven says: "You were gonna love it here soooo much, you'd never want to leave."
Sadie says: "Don't worry, Lars is just a tough nut."
Sadie says: "He can't keep up the shtick forever."
Lars says: "I could do without the audio commentary!"
Steven says: "*sighs* Goodnight, Sadie..."
Sadie says: "Night, Steven."
Time Skip — Next day.
Sadie and Steven are trying to catch fish on the beach. A fish jumps out of water and startled Sadie. She tries to spear it, but misses.
Steven says: "Any late-lunch-early-dinner yet?"
Sadie says: "*sigh* No luck."
Sadie says: "What about you?"
Steven says: "Mmm..."
Steven says: "no."
Lars walks by in the background.
Steven says: "But I can see why."
Steven says: "*reveal a wiggling worm with a happy face on his fishing line* My bait is too adorable to eat."
Steven says: "Everything on this island has such a bright happy smile."
Sadie and Steven turn and look at Lars.
Lars says: "Ugh, no signal over here either."
Sadie says: "Hey!"
Sadie says: "Uh, maybe you should help out!"
Sadie says: "If you wanna eat!"
Lars covers his ears, feigning ignorance. Sadie grunts and stabs her spear into the water in frustration, unintentionally spearing three fishes in one go.
Steven says: "Sadie!"
Steven says: "We're gonna live!"
Sadie goes over to Lars and holds the speared fishes out to him.
Sadie says: "I catch, you cook!"
Lars says: "You ain't the boss of me."
Lars says: "Whatever."
Time Skip — Night time.
Lars cooks the three fishes and pokes one with a stick.
Lars says: "I don't know, looks done to me."
Lars says: "*places a cooked fish on a leaf* Ooh!"
Lars says: "Who's first?"
Steven says: "Me, me, me!"
Lars hands the cooked fish to Steven. Steven stares at the fish in the eyes, unwilling to eat it.
Steven says: "It keeps looking at me!"
Lars says: "Maybe it knows it's your fault for getting us lost."
Sadie says: "Thank you."
Lars continues to cook his fish. Steven sighs as he puts a leaf over the eyes of his fish.
Sadie says: "*eating her fish* Mm, mmm!"
Sadie says: "Lars, this is really good!"
Lars says: "Hm?"
Sadie says: "You can really cook!"
Lars says: "Heh, fire."
Lars says: "Nature's microwave."
Sadie giggles at Lars' statement, causing him to chuckle along too. Steven smiles widely at the friendly sight and stands up in joy.
Steven says: "Could this night get any better?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven begins to play his ukulele and sings "Be Wherever You Are". As he sings, a montage of the group surviving on the island is shown as several days pass by. do on the island is shown. Sadie and Steven do the fishing and Lars does the cooking. Together, they build a hut, and make crystal necklaces and daisy chains. The relationship between Lars and Sadie has also improved as at one time, Lars saves Sadie from a giant fish attack, tends to her wound, using his pants as a bandage, and even hugs her in their sleep. A new morning breaks as Steven finishes his song.
Time Skip — Morning.
Sadie wakes up and find Lars is not around. She instead finds Steven nearby, tuning his ukulele.
Sadie says: "Did you see where Lars went?"
Steven shrugs in response. Outside, Lars can be heard talking to his cellphone again.
Lars says: "Hello?"
Lars says: "Come on."
Lars says: "Come on!"
Sadie, visibly saddened that Lars is still on his phone, walks up to him.
Lars says: "Dumb piece of junk!"
Lars says: "No bars."
Lars says: "No bars!"
Lars says: "NO BARS!"
Lars says: "YAAH!"
Sadie says: "Did that..."
Sadie says: "help?"
Lars says: "No!"
Lars says: "*sits down angrily* I-It's just..."
Lars says: "*starts weeping* What if I never get back home?"
Sadie says: "Oh!"
Sadie says: "You're just really home sick."
Lars says: "Duh!"
Lars says: "What'd you think?"
Sadie says: "*smiles at Lars* No, It's okay."
Sadie says: "We're okay!"
Sadie says: "*sits down next to Lars and hugs him* Steven said the Gems could be coming for us any day."
Sadie says: "And, you know..."
Sadie says: "Until then, I got your back."
Sadie offers a fist bump to Lars, when she notices him stroking her hand.
Lars says: "Sadie..."
Lars says: "*still crying* Do you ever get lonely..."
Lars says: "even when you're around people..."
Lars says: "?"
Sadie nods sadly and Lars presses his lips into Sadie's. They both start kissing and embracing each other, when Steven starts singing nearby, strumming his ukulele, and interrupts their moment.
Lars says: "STEVEN?!"
Sadie says: "STEVEN?!"
Lars says: "!"
Sadie says: "!"
Lars says: "*annoyed* How long have you been watching us?!"
Lars says: "!"
Sadie says: "Don't you know what privacy is?!"
Sadie says: "!"
Steven says: "People walk in and out of my room all the time."
Lars says: "*hastily wipes away his tears* Aaugh!"
Lars says: "*gets up and walks away* I'm gonna go start on a fire..."
Sadie says: "*looks at Lars with a love-struck grin, before snapping back to senses* Hey, you don't have to go!"
Sadie says: "W-we're kinda on our own schedule here!"
The group approaches back towards the hut, when the ground starts to rumble. Footsteps and groans are heard as the hut spontaneously collapses, causing the group to scream in shock.
Lars says: "What the heck?!"
Lars says: "!"
Steven says: "*approaches the destroyed hut and see a gemstone on the ground* It's a..."
Steven says: "gem?"
The gemstone lifts off the ground and dives towards Steven.
Steven says: "Aah!"
Steven quickly encases himself, Lars and Sadie in a bubble shield as the gemstone strikes them, knocking them off a cliff. The bubble pops and the group lands on a ledge on the cliff. A thunder is heard and it begins to rain heavily.
Steven says: "We have to get out of here!"
The group start running away through the rain.
Lars says: "What was that thing?!"
Lars says: "!"
Steven says: "It must be what the Gems were looking for!"
Steven says: "It never left the island at all!"
Steven says: "*grins* It's invisible."
Lars says: "A big invisible thing is after us?!"
Lars says: "!"
Lars says: "I-I-I want to go home!"
Lars says: "*starts to cry hysterically* I wanna go home!"
Sadie holds her face in overwhelming guilt as Lars begins to cry uncontrollably. Without hesitation, Sadie grabs Lars and directs the group into the jungle.
Sadie says: "This way!"
Lars says: "*hesitantly* Okay..."
More thunder is heard, as Sadie grabs a pile of leaves and throws them aside, revealing the Warp Pad underneath. Lars is startled in the revelation.
Steven says: "It's the Warp Pad!"
Sadie says: "Lars, come on!"
Sadie says: "Let's go home!"
Sadie tries to pull a heartbroken Lars onto the Warp Pad, who quickly glares at her in anger.
Lars says: "You knew!"
Steven says: "Uh, guys?"
Lars says: "It's her fault we've been trapped here!"
Steven says: "*shocked* Whaaaaaat?!"
Steven says: "!"
Sadie says: "Look, I panicked!"
Sadie says: "I hid the Warp Pad!"
Sadie says: "You were just gonna leave, but I knew how much you really needed this!"
Sadie says: "Why don't you ever let me help you?!"
Sadie says: "!"
Lars says: "Help me?!"
Lars says: "!"
Lars says: "Are you insane?"
Lars says: "You trapped me on an island, so you could come on to me!"
Sadie says: "Aaaah!"
Sadie says: "*slaps Lars's body* You kissed me on..."
Sadie says: "*slaps Lars again* the mouth!"
Lars says: "No, I didn't!"
Sadie keeps slapping at Lars.
Steven says: "Guys, I want to be mad too, but can we do it on the Warp Pad?!"
Steven says: "!"
Sadie slaps Lars too hard and knocks him off a cliff into a pit of mud.
Lars says: "Waaaaah!"
Sadie says: "Lars!"
Sadie and Steven rush forward and look down into the pit.
Sadie says: "Oh, gosh..."
Lars slowly gets up in the mud pit as he groans in pain, when the Invisible Gem Monster appears and charges towards Lars.
Lars says: "A-a-aah!"
Sadie slides down into the mud pit and charges into the monster, knocking it into the mud. The Invisible Gem Monster, now covered in mud, roars and engages against Sadie. Sadie keeps ramming into it and the monster keeps picking her up and tossing her away. Steven looks around in hesitation and spots Sadie's fishing spear.
Steven says: "Sadie!"
Steven says: "*hurls the spear into the mud pit* Use your fish-murdering skills!"
Sadie puts up the spear and the Invisible Gem Monster charges towards her again, whacking her away. Sadie charges back towards it and stabs the spear into the monster, clinging to its back.
Steven says: "Go, Sadie!"
Sadie and the Invisible Gem Monster wrestle around in the mud pit. Sadie then manages to pin the monster down and impales the spear all the way through it. The monster poofs away into a blue cloud, leaving only its gem in the mud. Steven then climbs down into the mud pit as Sadie struggles to pick herself up, using the spear as support.
Steven says: "Oh."
Steven says: "Oh, I got this!"
Steven says: "*bubbles the gem* The Gems are gonna be so impressed."
Steven says: "We captured a gem all by ourselves!"
Lars offers a high-five to Sadie, but she just walks past him. The group eventually makes it back on the Warp Pad.
Steven says: "Sadie!"
Steven says: "You were amazing!"
Lars says: "Yeah..."
Lars says: "that was really great, how you..."
Lars says: "uh, s-saved me..."
Sadie says: "*coldly* Don't read into it."
Steven says: "We should do this again sometimes."
Steven warps the group away, as the star iris zooms in on the Warp Pad, ending the episode.
END.