Open Ext. The Barn.
It is the late evening. Pearl, Garnet, and Amethyst are seen sitting on a hill and watching the sunset over Beach City. Steven is lying nearby against Lion, strumming his ukulele, when Peridot walks up to him.
Peridot says: "Steven."
Steven says: "Hi!"
Peridot says: "Why did we stop working on the drill?!"
Peridot says: "!"
Peridot says: "Why are they just sitting there looking at nothing?!"
Peridot says: "!"
Steven says: "We worked hard and we deserve to take it easy for a little bit."
Steven says: "I mean just look at that view."
Steven says: "It's beautiful."
Peridot says: "It's going to be blown to oblivion by the Cluster if we don't get back to work!"
Steven says: "Working hard is important, but feeling good is important too."
Peridot says: "WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT!"
Peridot says: "?!"
Peridot says: "!"
Peridot accidentally turns on the power drill in her hand in her frustration, and it makes a buzzing sound.
Steven says: "Hey!"
Steven says: "*imitates the drill buzzing* What is that, a C?"
Peridot says: "The drill?"
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Steven says: "Oh my gosh, now it's music!"
Peridot says: "Music?"
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Steven says: "It's music!"
Steven says: "Like this, do-re-mi-fa-so-la-ti-do."
Peridot says: "Do-mi-so-do..."
Steven says: "♫ Isn't it pretty?"
Peridot says: "That's exceedingly simple."
Peridot says: "Do-mi-so-ti..."
Steven says: "♫ We're making music."
Peridot says: "What is the point?"
Peridot says: "You're not making anything."
Steven says: "Well, if it isn't anything, then why does it sound so good?"
Peridot says: "I suppose it's just interest..."
Peridot says: "Do-mi-so-do."
Peridot says: "Devoid of substance or purpose, a hypothetical pattern..."
Peridot says: "Do-mi-so-ti."
Peridot says: "For the satisfaction of bringing it to completion."
Steven says: "Sure."
Peridot says: "Do-mi-so-ti."
Peridot says: "Interest without meaning?"
Peridot says: "Solutions without problems?"
Steven says: "And then you just add words."
Steven says: "Here's what I have been working on."
Steven begins to sing "Peace and Love on the Planet Earth".
Steven says: "♫ Life and death and love and birth, / And peace and war on the planet Earth."
Steven says: "/ Is there anything that's worth more, / Than peace and love on the planet Earth?"
Peridot says: "Sing?"
Peridot says: "*holds up a key* Key?"
Steven says: "♫ Now you sing mi-fa-mi-mi-fa-mi-ti-la!"
Steven says: "♫ And peace and war on the planet Earth!"
Peridot says: "♫ And peace and war on the planet Earth!"
Steven says: "Yes, yes!"
Steven says: "That's it!"
Peridot says: "That's so easy."
Steven says: "Yeah, but that's what's fun about it."
Steven says: "You should write something, you should write a song!"
Peridot says: "About what?"
Steven says: "Whatever you're thinking!"
Night falls. Peridot begins to sing her part of the song in front of a bonfire, while the Crystal Gems watch on.
Peridot says: "♫ I guess we're already here, / I guess we already know."
Peridot says: "/ We've all got something to fear, / We've all got nowhere to go."
Peridot says: "/ I think you're all INSANE!"
Peridot says: "/ But I guess I am too..."
Peridot says: "/ Anybody would be if they were stuck on Earth with you."
Steven says: "Hahaha, yes!"
Time goes on as Steven and the Gems continue working together on the drill, as everyone joins in the song.
Pearl says: "♫ Life and death and love and birth and, / Peace and war on the planet Earth."
Garnet says: "♫ Is there anything that's worth more?"
Steven says: "♫ Is there anything that's worth more?"
Peridot says: "♫ Is there anything that's worth more?"
Peridot says: "/ Than peace and love on the planet Earth..."
Trans. Ext. The Barn, Night-time.
Steven and the Gems all gaze at the drill in awe.
Garnet says: "Nice work."
Garnet pats Peridot on the back, but Peridot jumps in fear. The Gems then laugh and Steven hugs Peridot from behind.
Peridot says: "We really did it, huh?"
Steven says: "*gasps* We?"
Peridot says: "Oh wait."
Peridot says: "I need to check something!"
Steven says: "She's come so far."
Steven says: "It feels like yesterday she was trying to kill us."
Pearl says: "No no, that was several weeks ago."
Peridot says: "Coordinates!"
Peridot says: "We still need the Cluster's exact coordinates in order to drill!"
Pearl says: "There's a Diamond Base that may hold that information, but getting there is going to be difficult."
Steven says: "How come?"
Pearl says: "Because it's not accessible by warp pad."
Pearl says: "And it's on..."
Pearl says: "!"
Steven says: "*gasps* The mooooooon!"
Pearl says: "Yes, Steven, the moon."
Steven says: "Lion!"
Steven says: "Can you make us a special super warp to the moon?"
Lion grunts and stretches his limbs, ignoring Steven and continues napping.
Steven says: "Come on, Lion, we gotta do this to stop the Cluster!"
Steven says: "If we don't there's gonna be no more Earth!"
Steven says: "No more fun times with your pals, no more Lion Lickers..."
Steven says: "no more naps?"
On that remark, Lion gets up and roars, glaring at Steven with glowing white eyes.
Steven says: "*turns to the Gems* Guess it was naps."
Lion carries the Gems on his back, with Steven and Peridot in his mane, and runs down a hill. He then creates a portal and runs through it. Lion and the Crystal Gems begin warping through the portal.
Steven says: "Pretty cool, right?"
Peridot starts screaming. Lion then creates more portals, increasing his speed with each transmission.
Steven says: "Go, Lion!"
Steven says: "Goooo!"
Trans. Int. Moon Base.
Lion emerges from a portal with a rough landing, sliding across the floor and hitting against a wall, with the Gems still on his back.
Steven says: "*gasps* Lion!"
Steven says: "*leaps out of Lion's mane* Are you okay, bud?"
Peridot says: "*climbs out of Lion's mane* Erghh, get me out of this furry fre- *slips* Whoa!"
Lion pants heavily in exhaustion.
Steven says: "Oh, Lion."
Steven says: "You've earned your naps for the week."
Garnet, Pearl and Peridot begin shining their gems like flashlights.
Pearl says: "We made it."
Steven says: "It doesn't..."
Steven says: "look like the moon."
Amethyst says: "Hey, look over here!"
Amethyst says: "I think it's a door."
Amethyst places her hand on a panel and the door opens, revealing the surface of the moon with the view of Earth in the distance. Air instantly begins getting sucked out through the open door, forcing Amethyst to shut the door quickly.
Amethyst says: "Uhhh, yup!"
Amethyst says: "We on the moon!"
Pearl says: "Amethyst, please!"
Pearl says: "Don't blow us into space!"
Steven chuckles as he begins jumping and floating around in the air.
Steven says: "*laughs* Whoa, look at me!"
Steven says: "I'm a- *jumps high* -moon boy!"
Amethyst says: "*runs over to Steven* Haha, alright moon boy!"
Steven says: "Moon boy quadruple back flip!"
Amethyst says: "Hey!"
Amethyst says: "Why can't I be a moon boy?"
Peridot says: "We're Gems?"
Peridot says: "We're a space-faring race designed to conquer other worlds."
Peridot says: "Our physical forms adjust automatically to the gravity of any planetoid."
Amethyst says: "Ahhh, lame."
Steven says: "♫ I was bouncing on the moon one day!"
Steven says: "♫ *slam against a wall with a mural on it* Umph!"
Steven says: "Huh?"
Steven says: "Hey Peridot, who is this supposed to be?"
Peridot says: "*gasps* It's Blue Diamond!"
Peridot says: "Wait!"
Peridot says: "Are they all here?"
Peridot says: "*looks around* Ahh yes!"
Peridot says: "There she is!"
Steven says: "Who?"
Peridot says: "*runs over to another mural* Behold!"
Peridot says: "Yellow Diamond!"
Peridot says: "Isn't she magnificent?!"
Peridot says: "!"
Steven says: "Wow..."
Steven says: "so who are the Diamonds anyway?"
Steven says: "They seem like a big deal."
Peridot says: "Are you joking me?!"
Peridot says: "!"
Peridot says: "The Diamonds are the Gem matriarchs!"
Peridot says: "Together they make up the Great Diamond Authority that governs Homeworld and all the outlying colonies!"
Peridot says: "We live to serve them!"
Garnet walks up behind Peridot, clearing her throat in annoyance, and glares down at Peridot.
Peridot says: "*laughs nervously* I mean, we were all made to serve them, even though some of us..."
Peridot says: "don't anymore..."
Peridot says: "*pauses* Hey, I think that's a control service over there!"
Peridot says: "*points across the room* Let's take a look."
Steven says: "*follows Peridot* Yeah!"
Garnet and Amethyst walk over to Peridot, who is inspecting a panel on the floor.
Peridot says: "I think this is right."
Peridot says: "The material is different from the surrounding stone."
Peridot says: "I think if I just do this..."
Peridot moves her hands across the panel and it lights up. It and several others panels begin to rise around the room to create a set of stairs, knocking Lion over in the process. Peridot then giggles excitedly in the discovery, and everyone begin climbing the stairs.
Peridot says: "This is so incredible."
Peridot says: "Only the most elite of the elite can enter these sanctums."
Peridot says: "We are literally walking in the footsteps of the diamonds!"
Steven says: "They must really like stairs."
The group enter a room upstairs with only a single mysterious object in the middle of it.
Steven says: "Hey, what's this room?"
Garnet says: "It's not what we came here for."
Amethyst says: "Can we hurry it up?"
Amethyst says: "This place gives me the creeps."
Everyone ignore the mysterious object and continue up the stairs. They eventually make it to the top of the towering base.
Steven says: "We really are on the moon."
Peridot says: "*goes over to a control panel* Oh my goodness!"
Peridot says: "This looks like it could be brand new!"
Peridot says: "I mean it's a relic by today's standards, but, golly!"
Peridot says: "It's so elegant, so simple, so perfect!"
Amethyst says: "So how do you turn it on?"
Peridot says: "..."
Peridot says: "I have no idea."
The panel then suddenly activates.
Steven says: "*Hey, it's got one of those glowy hand dealies."
Peridot says: "YOU CAN"T SIT THERE!!"
Steven says: "Why not?"
Steven says: "It's really cool."
Peridot says: "That chair is only for the most elite Gems, you can't go around sitting where an elite would sit."
Steven says: "Well they aren't here now, right?"
Peridot glances around, sits on the chair next to Steven, and snickers to herself. Steven then pulls out a small, white, octahedral prism from the chair.
Steven says: "Hey, what's this doodad for?"
Peridot says: "Put that back!"
Peridot says: "Hm, okay, let's see here..."
Peridot maneuvers the chair closer to the control panel.
Peridot says: "There we go."
Peridot says: "This is a really old system."
Peridot puts on a screen on the control panel, displaying seven files represented by diamond shapes.
Peridot says: "Gotta find the right file..."
Peridot says: "aha!"
Peridot says: "Cluster, Cluster where are you, Cluster?"
Peridot says: "Aha!"
Peridot says: "There's the insertion point."
Peridot says: "Looks like the Beta Kindergarten in Facet Nine."
Peridot says: "It's the smaller of the two, not nearly as impressive as yours, Amethyst."
Amethyst says: "Uhh..."
Amethyst says: "thanks?"
Pearl says: "But where is the Cluster now?"
Peridot says: "Hang on..."
Peridot says: "there it is!"
Peridot says: "It's embedded deep into the mantle, relative to the barn its roughly two thousand five hundred units down."
Peridot says: "All we need to do is feed this data to the drill and we should be all set."
Pearl says: "That's it then, mission accomplished!"
Steven says: "Yeah, team!"
Amethyst says: "Great."
Amethyst says: "Let's get the heck out of here."
Steven says: "Wait!"
Steven says: "Hold on, does this thing have any games on it?"
Peridot says: "No no no no, this wasn't used for "games"."
Steven says: "Aw."
Peridot says: "It was used for planning a colony."
Peridot says: "Here, look."
Peridot pulls on a map of Earth on the screen, and the Gems pause to look back at it.
Peridot says: "So here is a map of all structures that were originally built on Earth."
Peridot says: "All told, this probably only accounts for maybe, five percent of what was originally planned."
Steven says: "What was the plan?"
Peridot says: "Well, let's take a look."
A hologram of Earth is projected. The Crystal Gems watch in horror as the Earth hologram hollows out, forming rings around it and Gem structures all over it.
Peridot says: "Ta-da!"
Peridot says: "A finished Earth colony."
Peridot says: "Wow, look at this!"
Peridot says: "Eighty-nine kindergartens, sixty-seven spires, a Galaxy Warp in each facet, efficient use of all available materials."
Peridot says: "What were you thinking, shutting this operation down?"
Peridot says: "It could've been great!"
Garnet says: "No!"
Garnet says: "You're wrong!"
Peridot says: "What do you mean?"
Peridot says: "It's perfect, look at it."
Pearl says: "We are looking at it."
Amethyst says: "Yeah, this plan stinks!"
Garnet says: "Completing this colony would have meant the extinction of all life on Earth!"
Peridot says: "But think of the good it would have done."
Peridot says: "The Gems that would have been made, our Empire expanded."
Pearl says: "Rose Quartz believed all life was precious, and worth protecting."
Peridot says: "Well if she wanted to protect it, she did a lousy job!"
Peridot says: "There'd be no Cluster if the Earth had stayed a colony."
Peridot says: "Now there's no colony, and there's gonna be no Earth, so thank you, Rose Quartz!"
Peridot says: "You doomed the planet!"
Garnet, Amethyst, and Pearl each look at Peridot furiously.
Garnet grabs and lifts Peridot up by her tunic.
Garnet says: "You, listen to me, now."
Garnet says: "*summons her gauntlet* You are talking about things that you do not understand."
Steven says: "Garnet, stop!"
Steven says: "Please!"
Steven says: "It's not worth it."
Steven says: "We're done here, let's just..."
Steven says: "go home."
Garnet drops Peridot on the chair and smashes the control panel with her gauntlet, dissipating the hologram. The Gems then walk off, irritated, and Steven sighs in dismay.
Peridot says: "What did I say?"
Peridot says: "I'm just stating a fact."
Peridot says: "The Rebellion didn't really save Earth, it just delayed the inevitable."
Steven says: "That's not the way they see it."
Steven says: "They've spent thousand of years trying to protect the Earth."
Steven says: "I thought maybe, you finally understood why."
Steven walks down the steps, as Peridot begins looking around in caution.
Steven says: "Peridot!"
Peridot says: "What?"
Peridot says: "I'm coming."
Steven glances at Peridot and notices she is holding the prism from the chair behind her back.
Garnet says: "Let's go, you two."
Steven looks in the direction of Peridot and frowns.
END.