Open. Int. Gem Warship.
Steven is abruptly woken up in a cell by someone singing and slowly sits up. He feels his face, finding he has a bruised eye now, and starts looking around.
Steven says: "Amethyst?"
Steven says: "Pearl?"
Steven then recalls Garnet being poofed into two gems.
Steven says: "*gasps* Garnet!"
Steven says: "Where are they?"
Steven tries running out of the cell, but is stopped by a yellow force field in front of him.
Steven says: "Woah..."
Angry screaming is then heard, startling Steven a bit. He then tries sticking his finger in the force field, and yellow currents starts running across his arm.
Steven says: "Eww..."
Steven says: "*chuckles* Cool!"
Steven pushes himself through the force field, yellow currents running all around his body, and passes through unscathed.
Steven says: "*shivers the currents away* I'm out."
Steven says: "Woohoo!"
Steven says: "Okay, where is everybody?"
Steven says: "*start running along the hallway* Gotta find 'em."
Steven says: "Gotta find 'em."
Steven says: "Gotta find—"
Steven says: "Oh..."
Steven says: "*stops and notices Ruby crying in a cell* Uh..."
Steven says: "hello?"
Steven says: "Are..."
Steven says: "you okay?"
Ruby gets startled and pants heavily. She then bangs on the cell wall in frustration, causing Steven to lose his footing.
Ruby says: "Great!"
Ruby says: "This is just perfect!"
Steven says: "Uh, do you need any help?"
Ruby says: "No!"
Ruby says: "I mean—"
Ruby says: "Don't look at me!"
Ruby says: "Just..."
Ruby says: "go away."
Steven begins to walk away until Ruby quickly stops him.
Ruby says: "Hey, wait!"
Ruby says: "You're out!"
Ruby says: "How did you get past the field?"
Steven says: "Oh, I just kinda—"
Ruby says: "Wait!"
Ruby says: "No-no-no-no-no, wait!"
Steven's hand passes through the force field.
Ruby says: "It's..."
Ruby says: "okay?"
Ruby says: "*touches the force field and her hand gets deformed, forcing her to quickly retracts in pain* Ah!"
Ruby says: "Nugh!"
Ruby says: "*gets suspicious* What's going on?"
The singing is heard again, and Steven and the red Gem start looking around.
Steven says: "Somebody's singing..."
Ruby says: "*whispers* Sapphire."
Ruby says: "Let me out of here!"
Ruby says: "Please!"
Ruby says: "I need to find Sapphire!"
Steven says: "Is she your friend?"
Steven says: "I'm looking for my friends, too."
Ruby says: "*panicking* She's all alone!"
Ruby says: "I need to find her!"
Steven says: "Don't worry, we'll find our friends."
Steven steps into the force field and holds out his arm, creating a hole through the force field.
Steven says: "*stuttering* And we'll do it together!"
Ruby slides under Steven's arm and runs off on her own.
Steven says: "Whoa!"
Steven says: "Wait for me!"
Steven and the red Gem exit the hallway through a door.
Steven says: "Hey, my name's Steven, by the way, what's yours?"
Ruby says: "Quiet!"
Ruby says: "*tries to focus* Ugh!"
Ruby says: "I can't see!"
Ruby says: "*looks around at where the singing can be coming from* This way!"
Steven says: "Uaaahhhh!"
Steven and the red Gem run down a winding hallway.
Steven says: "*while running* How many more Gems are trapped here?"
Ruby says: "*running* Don't know."
Ruby says: "Don't care."
The singing stops, and Steven and the red Gem stop running.
Ruby says: "She stopped singing..."
Ruby says: "*yells* Sapphire!"
Steven looks out window and finds that he is inside the Gem Warship, floating outside of Earth. The pair keeps running and find a cell with a Gem in it.
Ruby says: "Ah!"
Ruby says: "Oh, it's just you..."
Steven says: "Lapis!"
The Gem turns around, revealing to be Lapis Lazuli. Ruby starts pacing fervently.
Steven says: "Lapis, I can get you out."
Lapis says: "*backs away* Stop!"
Steven says: "It's okay."
Steven says: "I can—"
Lapis says: "No!"
Lapis says: "I don't want your help."
Lapis says: "Things are bad enough as it is."
Lapis says: "I've already made too much trouble."
Lapis says: "Once we get back to Homeworld, they're going to decide what to do with us."
Ruby says: "*yelling* Ugghhh..."
Ruby says: "!!!"
Ruby says: "I don't have time for this!"
Steven says: "Wait!"
Lapis says: "Steven, whatever you're doing just stop."
Lapis says: "If we do everything they say they might go easy on us."
Steven says: "But they're..."
Steven says: "mean!"
Steven says: "They hurt my friends, they hurt my face!"
Steven says: "They've got you here in prison!"
Lapis says: "That's why we can't fight them."
Steven says: "That's why we have to fight them."
Lapis turns away and curls up.
Steven says: "I'll come back for you..."
Steven runs off, leaving Lapis behind. The singing starts again and Steven runs towards another part of the warship. He then hears a door opening and halts on his spot. He hides against a wall as Peridot and Jasper walk by.
Peridot says: "We can't leave yet!"
Steven peeks around the corner at Peridot and Jasper, standing in front of another cell.
Peridot says: "The whole point of coming here was to check on the Cluster!"
Jasper punches the wall beside the cell.
Jasper says: "Stop singing!"
Jasper says: "*turns to Peridot* Rose Quartz takes priority."
Jasper says: "Get back to the bridge and set a course for Homeworld."
Peridot says: "*grumbling* "Go to earth," they said."
Peridot says: ""It'll be easy," they said."
Peridot leaves as well and Steven peeks out of the corner. He then sees another Gem in a cell, looks around, ensuring it is safe, then starts singing again. Steven walks up to the cell.
Steven says: "*whispers to the Gem* Hey, I like your song."
Steven says: "Are you Sapphire?"
Sapphire says: "You escaped..."
Sapphire says: "Of course..."
Steven creates a gap in the force field with his arms.
Steven says: "*shakily* Come on, it's safe."
Sapphire says: "*steps through underneath Steven's arms* Thank you, Steven."
Steven says: "You're..."
Steven says: "welcome!"
Ruby says: "*distantly* Sapphire!"
Sapphire says: "Come on!"
Sapphire grabs Steven's hand and runs at incredible speed, pulling him along.
Steven says: "Whoa!"
Sapphire and Steven suddenly stop at a doorway, look through into a room, and spots Ruby on the other side. Ruby gasps in surprise.
Sapphire says: "Ruby!"
Sapphire and Ruby run towards each other, meeting in the center of the room, and embrace each other.
Ruby says: "Did they hurt you?"
Sapphire says: "No, no, I'm okay."
Sapphire says: "Did they hurt you?"
Ruby says: "Who cares!"
Ruby says: "?"
Sapphire says: "I do!"
Sapphire kisses Ruby's tears away. Ruby picks up Sapphire and starts spinning her around. The pair laughs and twirls around together in joy, as they start to fuse together. Steven watches as their laughter and bodies merge together into an amorphous white blob of light and emerges as... Garnet, who lands in front of him, happy to see him.
Garnet says: "Steven!"
Garnet says: "Thank you!"
Steven says: "*gasps* Garnet!"
Steven says: "You're a fusion!"
Steven says: "?"
Garnet says: "Aw, I'm sorry."
Garnet says: "We didn't want you meeting us here like this."
Steven says: "Well, did I make a good first impression?"
Garnet says: "Oh Steven."
Garnet says: "*places her hand on Steven's cheek* We already love you."
Jasper says: "*distantly* Where is she!"
Jasper says: "?"
Garnet says: "It's Jasper."
Garnet says: "Steven, find the others and get to the control bridge."
Steven says: "But I don't know where they are."
Garnet kisses Steven's forehead, and he can visualize where Amethyst and Pearl are in his head.
Steven says: "Future vision..."
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "Wait, are you gonna be able to beat her on your own?"
Garnet says: "It's okay, Steven."
Garnet says: "I'm never alone."
Steven nods and runs off. Jasper then enters and Garnet turns to face her.
Jasper says: "Oh great."
Jasper says: "You're both out?"
Jasper says: "And you're fused again?"
Jasper says: "Why?"
Jasper says: "Fusion is just a cheap tactic to make weak Gems stronger."
Jasper says: "Quit embarrassing yourselves!"
Jasper says: "I've seen what you really are."
Garnet says: "*chuckles* No, you haven't."
Garnet starts to sing "Stronger Than You".
Garnet says: "♫ This is Garnet."
Garnet says: "/ Back together."
Garnet says: "/ And I'm never going down at the hands of the likes of you because I'm so much better."
Garnet says: "/ And every part of me is saying "Go get her!"
Garnet says: ""."
Garnet and Jasper start circling around the room. Jasper then pulls out a Gem Destabilizer.
Garnet says: "♫ The two of us ain't gonna follow your rules."
Garnet says: "/ Come at me without any of your fancy tools."
Garnet says: "/ Let's go, just me and you."
Garnet says: "/ Let's go, just one on two."
Garnet summons her visor as Jasper charges towards her.
Garnet says: "♫ Go ahead and try and hit me if you're able."
Garnet says: "/ Can't you see that my relationship is stable?"
Garnet says: "/ I can see you hate the way we intermingle."
Garnet says: "/ But I think you're just mad 'cause you're single."
Garnet gracefully dodges all of Jasper's attacks as she tries to jab her with the Gem Destabilizer.
Garnet says: "♫ And you're not gonna stop what we made together."
Garnet says: "/ We are gonna stay like this forever."
Garnet says: "/ If you break us apart, we'll just come back newer."
Garnet says: "/ And we'll always be twice the gem that you are."
Garnet disarms Jasper and snaps the Gem Destabilizer in half. She and Jasper then summon their weapons and prepare to clash off.
Garnet says: "♫ I am made, o-o-o-o-of, / Lo-o-o-o-ove."
In the meantime, Steven manages to Amethyst and Pearl, and they head for the control bridge. They find Peridot inside, she pulls a Gem Destabilizer from the console and prepares to attack. Steven quickly grapples the Gem Stabilizer, unable to be poofed, and it surprises Peridot.
Garnet says: "♫  Lo-o-o-o-ove."
Garnet says: "/ Lo-o-o-o-ove."
Garnet says: "/ Lo-o-o-o-ove."
Garnet lands a few punches on Jasper's face, but Jasper grabs her and flails her onto the ground, sending her crashing on the floor and cracking it. Meanwhile, Steven, Amethyst and Pearl have overpowered Peridot and tied her up with Amethyst's whip.
Peridot says: "Don't touch that!"
Peridot says: "You clods don't know what you're doing!"
Amethyst says: "You got this, Pearl!"
Pearl says: "Okay, ship."
Pearl says: "Turn us around!"
Pearl reaches into the ship's control panel and her eyes flash in awe with data. Steven glances at the ship surveillance and sees Garnet and Jasper still fighting. Garnet punches Jasper up to the ceiling, and Jasper quickly spin-dashes back at her, causing them to break through the floor and into the engine room. Garnet is visibly buffeted by Jasper's spin-dash, but she continues to sing.
Garnet says: "♫ This is who we are."
Garnet says: "/ This is who I am."
Garnet says: "/ And if you think you can stop me, / Then you need to think again."
Jasper, seemingly not hurt at all, glares menacingly at the injured Garnet, kneeling on the ground.
Garnet says: "♫ 'Cause I am a feeling, / And I will never end, / And I won't let you hurt my planet, / And I won't let you hurt my friends."
Garnet slowly gets up and resummons her gauntlets, ready to face off Jasper again.
Garnet says: "♫ Go ahead and try and hit me if you're able."
Garnet says: "/ Can't you see that my relationship is stable?"
Garnet says: "/ I know you think I'm not something you're afraid of, / 'Cause you think that you've seen what I'm made of."
Garnet throws a few punches, but Jasper blocks all of it with her crash helmet and punches Garnet to the ground. Garnet quickly recovers and slams both her fists at Jasper's temples, shattering her helmet visor and physically hurting her.
Garnet says: "♫ But I am even more than the two of them."
Garnet says: "/ Everything they care about is what I am."
Garnet says: "/ I am their fury."
Garnet says: "I am their patience."
Garnet says: "/ I am a conversation."
Jasper, enraged, spin-dashes towards Garnet, who dodges out of the way. Jasper starts spin-dashing around the room and charges at Garnet in full force. Garnet, however, manages to catch her attack head-on.
Garnet says: "♫ I am made, o-o-o-o-of, / Lo-o-o-o-ove."
Garnet says: "/ O-o-o-o-of, / And it's stronger than you."
Garnet then hurls Jasper at the ship power source, overflowing it and causing it to explode. The explosion jerks the entire ship, causing Steven, Peridot, Amethyst, and Pearl to stumble and jostle. Garnet runs away through a hallway from the exploding engine room, still singing.
Garnet says: "♫ L-o-o-o-ove."
Garnet says: "/ O-o-o-o-of, / L-o-o-o-ove."
Garnet says: "/ And it's stronger than you."
Peridot, still tied up, crawls away in the chaos and activates an Escape Pod that encases her. Amethyst tries to stop her, but fails as Peridot sinks into the floor. The rapidly-descending ship then flings the escape pad back onto Earth. Steven, Amethyst, and Pearl watch out the window as the ship continues its freefall when Garnet enters the control bridge.
Steven says: "Garnet!"
Amethyst says: "Garnet!"
 says: "Garnet!"
Pearl says: "Garnet!"
Garnet says: "This ship is going down!"
Steven says: "What about Lapis?"
Garnet says: "There's no time!"
Lapis is shown looking forlorn inside her cell, as the ship plunges back onto Earth. It crash-lands on the hill of the Crystal Temple and explodes, as Garnet's song concludes.
Trans Ext. Crystal Temple.
Lion comes running down the beach as rubble shatter everywhere from the explosion. He then roars into a pile of rubble and unravels the Crystal Gems inside Steven's bubble shield.
Garnet says: "Nice one."
Steven says: "Oh my gosh!"
Steven says: "I can't believe you're a fusion all the time!"
Amethyst says: "You met Ruby and Sapphire?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Pearl says: "Oh no!"
Pearl says: "We were going to introduce you."
Pearl says: "Garnet, your plan!"
Garnet says: "We were waiting for your birthday."
Steven says: "We can still do it!"
Steven says: "I'll just pretend I didn't know!"
Amethyst starts to chuckle, when a hand emerges from the rubble, breaking the moment. Jasper then bursts out from the burning wreckage of the ship, panting heavily and limbing.
Jasper says: "Ugh!"
Jasper says: "Auh..."
Jasper says: "*falls to her knees* Don't think you've won."
Jasper says: "You only beat me 'cause you're a fusion!"
Jasper says: "If I had someone to fuse with I'd—"
Jasper says: "Huh?"
Another pile of rubble starts to move, and Lapis emerges out of it, falling onto her knees. She then attempts to flee, but Jasper quickly grabs her leg.
Jasper says: "Come here, brat!"
Jasper says: "Aw, don't fly off so soon."
Steven says: "Lapis!"
Steven tries to run over to Lapis, but Pearl and Amethyst stop him.
Jasper says: "Lapis, listen, fuse with me!"
Lapis says: "What?!"
Lapis says: "!"
Jasper says: "How long did they keep you trapped here on this miserable hunk of rock?"
Lapis says: "Ugh!"
Jasper says: "These Gems, they're traitors to their Homeworld."
Jasper says: "They kept you prisoner."
Jasper says: "They used you."
Jasper says: "This is your chance to take revenge!"
Jasper says: "Come on, just say yes."
Steven says: "Lapis, don't do it!"
Lapis ponders for a moment on her own. She then turns and offers her hand to Jasper, who grins and grabs Lapis' hand.
Steven says: "Noooooo!"
Jasper and Lapis performs a fusion dance together and begin to fuse into a blob of white light. The blob enlarges and quickly forms into Malachite, a fusion of Lapis and Jasper.
Crystal Gems says: "Augh!"
Malachite starts cackling menacingly as she raises her arm, summoning an water arm from the ocean, ready to attack the Crystal Gems. The water arm then suddenly grabs Malachite's waist and turns a shackle.
Malachite says: "Huh?"
Malachite says: "What?"
Another water arm grabs Malachite's other arm, becoming another shackle, and water chains wraps around her torso and neck. Malachite groans in discomfort as she struggles to break free, while the Crystal Gems watch on.
Malachite Jasper.
What are you doing?!
Malachite Lapis.
I'm done being everyone's prisoner. Now you're my prisoner! And I'm never letting you go!
Two more water arms grabs Malachite's hide legs and start pulling her into the ocean. Malachite keeps groaning in distress as Jasper struggles to unfuse from Lapis, refusing to let her go.
Steven says: "Lapis!"
Malachite Lapis.
Let's stay on this miserable planet... together!
Malachite disappears into the ocean, as the Crystal Gems watch in shock.
Garnet says: "Yikes."
Garnet says: "They are really bad for each other."
Steven's Phone starts to ring.
Steven says: "*picks up his phone* Uh..."
Steven says: "hello?"
Connie says: "*through phone* Steven, I got your message."
Connie says: "Are you okay?"
Connie says: "What's going on?"
Connie says: "..."
Connie says: "Steven?"
Connie says: "..."
The star iris then zooms in on Steven, speechless and not knowing what to say to Connie, ending the episode.
END.