Open Ext. Funland Arcade.
Steven is washing sand off of his feet at a faucet when Amethyst approaches.
Amethyst says: "Hey, Steven."
Amethyst says: "You wanna try some special new french fries?"
Steven says: "Do I!"
Amethyst chuckles loudly and Steven, unwittingly, joins in, until his face begins to turn red.
Steven says: "*screaming* HOT!"
Amethyst says: "They’re special because they’re seasoned with Fire Salt!"
Steven, face burning red, quickly attempts to turn the faucet back on but it breaks off, forcing him to sprint towards the Big Donut, all while Amethyst laughs at him.
Trans. Int. Big Donut.
Steven bursts into the Big Donut, rushes to the soda fountain and sprays two types of soda in his mouth. Excess soda is spilled onto the floor, forming a large puddle on the floor, and Lars steps out to confront him.
Lars says: "Steven!"
Lars says: "What are you—"
Lars says: "*slips and falls on the puddle of soda* Wha-aaahhh!"
Steven says: "*exhausted* Sorry, Lars."
Lars says: "Ugh, Steven!"
Lars says: "Who do you think has to clean up this mess?"
Lars says: "*turns to Sadie* Sadie, clean up this mess."
Sadie says: "*annoyed* No way, it’s your turn."
Sadie says: "I cleaned the last five "Stevens"."
Lars says: "Aww, come on."
Lars says: "That fall messed up my back."
Lars says: "*rubs his back* It hurts, really bad."
Sadie says: "*rolls eyes and brings out a mop and a bucket* Fine."
Sadie says: "Move aside, I’ll take care of this."
Sadie says: "Could you grab the soap?"
Lars says: "*fakes an anguished groan* Oh!"
Lars says: "It hurts!"
Lars says: "Sooo much!"
Sadie says: "Maybe you should take the day off."
Lars says: "*snaps upright* Okay!"
Lars says: "You gonna be fine on your own?"
Sadie says: "Well, I guess so, but—"
Lars says: "You’re the best, Player Two!"
Sadie says: "Aww..."
Sadie says: "*pauses and realizes* Wait, I can’t run this place by myself!"
Steven walks over with a large pile of napkins and drops them directly on the puddle.
Steven says: "I can help!"
Steven says: "This place has given me so many delicious donuts."
Steven says: "It's time I gave back."
Sadie says: "*dresses Steven in a Big Donut uniform* I hereby deputise you as Lars-for-the-day."
Sadie says: "Now, it's time I showed you the Employee Room."
Sadie and Steven enter the room, which is populated by several large supply boxes on the right, over a dozen Donut boxes lining the back left, and a CRT TV, two folding chairs and a small circular table furnishing the front left.
Steven says: "Woah, this is the most magical place I’ve ever seen."
Sadie says: "Let me give you the tour."
Sadie says: "*points at the boxes* These are the extra supplies."
Sadie says: "Cups, plastic silverware..."
Sadie says: "Sometimes I sleep on the napkins when I get tired."
Steven says: "Is that why they’re called, nap-kins?"
Sadie says: "Not really, no."
Sadie says: "Good joke, though."
Sadie says: "*pats Steven on his head, and shows him the tables and chairs* On breaks, we chill out here."
Sadie says: "We can even watch TV."
Sadie says: "*leans and whispers* Sometimes, Lars will cover for me so I can watch Canine Court."
Sadie says: "Now, most important of all, this is where we store, the donuts."
Sadie says: "They’re mailed in from some corporate bake-station."
Steven says: "You mean you don’t make them here?"
Sadie says: "No, not since..."
Sadie says: ""the accident"."
Sadie glares towards a corner of the room, revealing a blast mark on the wall outlining a human body.
Sadie says: "Now Steven, this job is a big responsibility, so you’re gonna have to watch this video tape."
Steven says: "What is it?"
Sadie says: "It’s like a DVD shaped like a box, and it’ll tell you everything you need to know."
The tape begins playing a work safety video with upbeat music, the star being a younger Mr. Smiley.
Steven says: "Mr."
Steven says: "Smiley used to work here?"
Sadie says: "No, but he used to be an actor/R&B singer."
The lengthy video informs Steven and Sadie about safety procedures such as the Heimlich maneuver and fire extinguishing through Mr. Smiley's song "Do or Do Nut". Steven is seen enjoying the video, but Sadie is greatly bored. After the video ends, Sadie steps forth to retrieve the VHS tape.
Steven says: "Wow, that was great!"
Steven says: "Are all video tapes that informative?"
Sadie says: "In my experience, yeah!"
Steven and Sadie return back to the front of the store and start serving customers.
Sadie says: "It started out as just a summer job, but..."
Sadie says: "that was two summers ago."
Mr. Fryman and Peedee leave after they are served donuts, and Mr. Smiley approaches the counter.
Steven says: "*gets excited and starts singing* Donuts!"
Steven says: "At the Big, Donut!"
Mr. Smiley says: "Hey!"
Steven says: "Hey!"
Mr. Smiley says: "They make the world go round."
Steven says: "They make the world go round."
Steven says: "Wow, I can’t believe you used to be a real actor/R&B singer!"
Mr. Smiley says: "Used to be?"
Mr. Smiley says: "*mumbles to himself while leaving with his donuts* Kids these days, they don’t know anything..."
Sadie says: "Wow, I'm impressed, last time someone mentioned that song we couldn't get Mr."
Sadie says: "Smiley to go home."
Steven says: "*singing* To perk up, you gotta percolate, a hot cup of coffee, makes the perfect day."
Sadie says: "Haha, thanks."
Sadie says: "Maybe I should phone up Lars to tell him he can stay home, 'cause I found his replacement."
Steven says: "*excitedly* Really?!"
Steven says: "!"
Sadie says: "Oh, no."
Sadie says: "That was a joke."
Steven says: "I know we both love Lars..."
Steven says: "But..."
Steven says: "*starts speaking fastly* This job is the best thing to ever happen to me and we should fire Lars."
Sadie says: "We can’t "fire Lars"."
Steven says: "*bends downs* Ugh."
Steven says: "*looks up suspiciously* Why not?"
Sadie says: "Well, you know, he may do things like come in late, and leave all the really hard work for me but..."
Sadie says: "Look, I like Lars, h—"
Sadie says: "he’s a nice guy..."
Sadie says: "once you get to know him."
Sadie says: "There was this one time when the new "Army of War" game was coming out, but Lars was banned from the only place selling it."
Sadie says: "*laughs* He wanted it SO bad."
Sadie says: "So who does he beg to stand in line for seven hours?"
Sadie says: "Me."
Sadie says: "I didn’t think much of it, but when I got to his house I saw he cleaned up his room a little, and he got a big box of Oyster crackers."
Sadie says: "They’re my favorite."
Sadie says: "He let me be his Player Two, and we spent the whole night together."
Steven says: "That really is nice..."
Steven says: "Must’ve been one great video game."
Sadie says: "*snaps back* Yeah, it was..."
Steven says: "Maybe we could do something nice for Lars?"
Trans. Ext. Lars' House.
Sadie and Steven walk to Lars’ house with a large box of donuts as Steven sings in tune of "Do or Do Nut".
Steven says: "Donuts!"
Steven says: "D-d-donuts!"
Steven says: "Donuts donuts donuts, donuts donuts donuts..."
Steven says: "!"
Sadie says: "I thought you wanted this to be a surprise?"
Sadie says: "He can hear us a mile away."
Steven stops singing as he and Sadie approach Lars’ front door.
Steven says: "But the Donut fever’s fried my soul."
Steven says: "Ah-hahaha."
Steven says: "*hair gets rustled by Sadie* Huh?"
Steven says: "*notices the Fish Stew Pizza Car parked out front* Aw, he’s already ordered pizza."
Steven and Sadie then hear Lars laughing from his backyard. They peek over and find him jumping and bouncing on a trampoline with Jenny, Sour Cream and Buck Dewey.
Jenny says: "*bumps into Lars* Oof."
Jenny says: "Hey, Lars, thanks for inviting us over."
Lars says: "It’s no problem."
Lars says: "*dorky laugh* 'Cause I got the whole day off, by faking a severe back injury!"
Steven says: "*disgusted* Ughh, he was faking this whole—"
Emotionally pained, and on the verge of tears, Sadie, shaking with Lars’ gift in her hands, sees that she has been noticed in a vulnerable state and tosses the box of donuts on the ground. She starts to run off, taking slight recoil at seeing Jenny’s car once more before Steven manages to catch up with her.
Steven says: "*grabs Sadie's arm* Uh, don’t worry!"
Steven says: "We can handle the Big Donut."
Steven says: "Who needs crummy old Lars?"
Sadie says: "*tearfully* Steven!"
Sadie says: "He’s made a fool of me!"
Sadie says: "Idiot!"
Sadie says: "*starts crying* He’s burned me before..."
Sadie says: "Just once, I’d like to burn him back!"
Steven says: "I know how to burn people!"
Steven says: "Wait right here—"
Steven says: "*realizes and turns back to Sadie* Actually, this might take a while, you better go home."
Steven says: "See you tomorrow at wooork!"
Trans. Int. Big Donut.
The next day, Sadie is watching Canine Court while eating oyster crackers when Steven bursts into the room.
Steven says: "Fire Salt!"
Steven says: "Burn, burn, people!"
Sadie says: "*snatches the vial of Fire Salt from Steven* No, we can’t add anything to the donuts!"
Steven says: "It’s just a little fire salt."
Steven says: "I was gonna prank Lars."
Sadie says: "He did really hurt my feelings..."
Sadie says: "a little."
Sadie says: "But what kind of person does that make you, if you try to hurt him back?"
Steven says: "A..."
Steven says: "hero?"
The front door bell goes off as Lars enters the store, groaning in false pain. Steven and Sadie are able to see him enter though the glass donut cabinet.
Lars says: "Huu!"
Lars says: "Oh, my back!"
Lars says: "Sadie?"
Lars says: "I finally got out of bed but I don’t think I can work today, either..."
Lars says: "Sadie?"
Lars says: "Don’t make me walk all the way to the break room."
Enraged, Sadie applies the whole vial of the Fire Salt to the top of the donut.
Steven says: "Sadie!"
Steven says: "This is gonna be so funny!"
Lars says: "Yo, Sadie, where you at?"
Lars says: "Are you slacking off?"
Sadie says: "*coldly* Lars."
Steven says: "Hi, Lars!"
Lars says: "Why is Steven in a Donut suit?"
Sadie says: "Don’t worry about that."
Sadie says: "How’s your back?"
Lars says: "Actually it still hurts like—"
Sadie says: "Really?"
Lars says: "No, no, it's cool."
Lars says: "I know I can count on you to help, "P2"."
Sadie says: "Sure."
Sadie says: "Just relax, in fact, why don’t you have a donut?"
Lars says: "Yeah, alright."
Sadie says: "Careful, it's a little hot."
Lars says: "*takes a bite* Hey, this is pretty good, is this a new flavor or something?"
Steven says: "*cracks up* Hahahaha, she said—"
Steven says: "She said it's ho"!"
At that moment, Lars’ face swells up and he begins to breathe a persistent stream of fire, lighting the store aflame as he yells in panic.
Sadie says: "*runs to a fire extinguisher on a wall* Steven, help Lars!"
Steven says: "Lars, drink this!"
In pain, Lars flees the store while holding his breath.
Sadie says: "No, Lars!"
Sadie says: "Come back!"
Sadie says: "*puts out a fire before the sprinklers in the store come on* Steven, I didn’t want this."
Steven says: "I know how to fix this!"
Steven says: "We just need to get Lars to calm down."
Sadie says: "How are we gonna find him?"
Trans. Ext. Beach City.
Steven and Sadie follow the path of flames as they pursue Lars through the streets, continuously breathing fire.
Steven says: "I think he went this way!"
Mayor Dewey is holding a conference by a statue of himself and a giant bowl of ice cream.
Mayor Dewey says: "..."
Mayor Dewey says: "And of the many treasures of our wonderful city, this is certainly one of the sweetest."
Mayor Dewey says: "As Mayor, I’m proud to unveil this, the largest bowl of ice cream in Beach county!"
Mayor Dewey says: "Yes, let’s all scream—"
Mayor Dewey says: "*checks a slip sheet* for ice cream."
The crowd applauds Mayor Dewey, when Lars suddenly charges in and flings himself into the bowl of ice cream, hoping to cool himself, but only causing the ice cream to melt entirely and cover the citizens. He then takes off running again.
Mayor Dewey says: "*takes out his phone* Yeah, it melted, Gary."
Mayor Dewey says: "Well, you should’ve said that at the meeting!"
Trans. Ext. Funland Arcade.
Lars falls on the boardwalk in front of the Funland Arcade. Steven and Sadie catches up and finds Amethyst to still be in her exact same position as the day before and eating fries.
Steven says: "Amethyst!"
Amethyst says: "Hey, why’s donut guy breathing fire?"
Steven says: "I tried to prank Lars but I used too much Fire Salt!"
Amethyst says: "Steven..."
Amethyst says: "that’s hilarious."
Lars says: "*struggling to talk, getting out words in between fire breaths* YOU..."
Lars says: "DID..."
Lars says: "THIS..."
Lars says: "TO ME?!"
Lars says: "!"
Lars says: "?!"
Lars says: "!"
Lars begins chasing Steven around, setting the boardwalk aflame in the process, as Amethyst looks on, greatly amused and laughing away. Lars eventually catches up to Steven and grabs onto the tail of his shirt.
Sadie says: "It wasn't Steven!"
Sadie says: "*approaches Lars* It was me."
Lars appears surprised and lets Steven go.
Amethyst says: "Ohhh, now it's gettin’ good!"
Sadie says: "After all I do for you, you LIE to me?"
Sadie says: "So you can sneak off with some other girl?!"
Sadie says: "!"
Steven says: "And other boys!"
Lars, still struggling to breathe, glares at Steven who quickly retreats behind a streetlight.
Sadie says: "*tearing up* That night we played video games, I don’t know what it meant to you."
Sadie says: "But ever since then, I can’t get the thought out of my head that you’re a good person."
Sadie says: "*grabs Lars' hand* That night, I really thought..."
Sadie says: "Player Two."
Sadie says: "Is that just your way of saying I could’ve been anyone?"
Steven says: "*hears Lars coughing and rushes towards him* If a customer chokes on a donut,state law requires that you assist them!"
Steven says: "Take both hands, push below the diaphragm!"
Steven pounces onto Lars and performs the Heimlich maneuver on him, causing him to cough out a portion of the Fire Salt dosed donut. Sadie then puts it, and all the fire, out with the fire extinguisher.
Steven says: "Another day saved by Steven Universe!"
Steven says: "With bonus musical styling of Harold Smiley."
Steven says: "*turns to Lars* You're welcome."
Lars, ignoring Steven, ashamedly approaches Sadie who is putting out the fires, with his head turned away from facing her.
Sadie says: "I'm not apologizing."
Lars says: "*still coughing up smoke with a strained voice* No!"
Lars says: "I wanna help."
Lars says: "But I get it if you wanna be alone."
Sadie says: "Oh, no no no, stay."
Sadie says: "I me—"
Sadie says: "I mean, you can help."
Sadie says: "But, first, let's get you some water, and maybe get you out of those burnt shirts."
Sadie and Lars start to walk off along the boardwalk as Steven and Amethyst look on.
Amethyst says: "Hey, we make a pretty great team."
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "You were absolutely no help whatsoever."
The star iris starts zooming in on Amethyst, simply just eating away with her fries.
Amethyst says: "..."
Amethyst says: "Eh."
END.