Opens on Beach.
The Crystal Gems are clearing up the debris from the Gem Warship off the beach. Steven digs into the sand with a shovel and picks up a small piece of debris.
Steven says: "Do we really have to get every piece?"
Amethyst says: "*digs up large piece of debris* Yes!"
Garnet says: "*pulls out a larger piece from the sand* Yes, having a wrecked ship lying around is too dangerous."
Garnet says: "We've got to take care of it..."
Garnet says: "all of it."
Pearl says: "*piles the debris together* And we need to start looking for Peridot's escape pod too, assuming she even made it to Earth."
Garnet says: "There's a lot of work ahead of us."
Steven says: "*drops the small debris into a trash bag* On it."
Steven walks to the other side of the beach and digs up a huge piece of debris.
Steven says: "Woah, that's a big one."
Steven continues digging up some more debris when he thinks he hears someone calling his name.
Jenny says: "Steven!"
Jenny says: "Steven!"
Steven says: "Huh?"
Steven looks up and realizes it is Jenny, Buck and Sour Cream.
Buck says: "Yo!"
Jenny says: "Hey Steven, welcome back to Earth."
Steven says: "What?"
Steven says: "Who told you?!"
Steven says: "!"
Buck says: "You looked a million miles away, man."
Steven says: "Oh, heh-heh."
Steven says: "Sorry, I was zoning out."
Buck says: "We were about to go chill in the parking lot and freak out some squares."
Jenny says: "You should come with."
Steven says: "Oh, but I—"
Steven says: "I don't have anything against squares."
Steven says: "I like all basic shapes."
Buck says: "*chuckles* Yeah, that's what I'm talking about."
Buck says: "You got that much-needed counterpart to our cynical world view."
Buck says: "You have to come."
Sour Cream says: "It's good energy flow."
Steven says: "Sorry, guys, but I got a lot of important gem work to do."
Steven says: "Maybe later."
Jenny says: "Aww."
Sour Cream says: "Bummer."
Buck says: "Well, catch you later, then."
Jenny, Buck and Sour Cream walk away, and Steven keeps digging.
Trans. Int. Beach House, Night Time.
Steven is lying on his bed, moaning in soreness.
Steven says: "Ugh, the calluses on my hands have calluses."
Steven says: "A working man's burden is truly a heavy one."
A thump is heard from the window beside Steven's bed. Steven crawls out of his bed and looks out the window, when a slice of pizza hits the window, startling him.
Steven says: "Huh, pizza rain, but no pizza clouds."
Steven says: "Wah!"
Steven looks down and see Buck and Sour Cream hurling pizza slices at his windows. He then exits his house and approaches them.
Steven says: "What are you guys doing here?"
Steven says: "And why are you making it pizza rain?"
Buck says: "I only wanted to see you laughing, in the pizza rain."
Steven says: "*confused* Is that a reference to something?"
Buck says: "C'mon."
Buck says: "It's time to hang out."
Steven says: "We can't hang out at night!"
Steven says: "Night is for dreaming."
Sour Cream says: "Night is whatever you want it to be, time is an illusion."
Steven says: "*ponders* Hmmm..."
Buck says: "Aren't you done working for the day?"
Steven says: "Hmm."
Steven says: "Yeah..."
Steven says: "Okay, let's hang out!"
Buck says: "Nice!"
Sour Cream says: "But first, we have to deliver the rest of this pizza to Mr."
Sour Cream says: "Smiley."
Jenny then approaches to drive Steven, Buck and Sour Cream out of town in her car.
Jenny says: "Whoo!"
Jenny says: "Wind in your face, that's what I'm talking about!"
Buck says: "Breathe deep, Steven."
Buck says: "This is the smell of freedom."
Steven says: "*inhales* Freedom smells like pepperoni."
Jenny says: "*laughs* That's just the car."
Sour Cream says: "You know what food definitely doesn't smell like freedom?"
Sour Cream says: "Fish!"
Steven says: "Why fish?"
Jenny says: "Uh oh, here we go."
Sour Cream says: "I just don't get what's wrong with wantin' to be a deejay."
Sour Cream says: "But my step-dad was all on my case today saying—"
Sour Cream says: "*imitates Yellowtail's murmurs mockingly*—"
Sour Cream says: "Eugh."
Sour Cream says: "I'm just like, I don't want to be a fisherman."
Sour Cream says: "Everyone knows you can't rave in a raincoat, step-dad!"
Buck says: "At least he only bugs you about one thing."
Buck says: "My dad's gotta say something about everything I do, 'cause I'm the mayor's son."
Buck says: "And I'm like, you can't tell me what to do, I'm the mayor's..."
Buck says: "wait."
Jenny says: "*laughs* Puh-lease, you're are walking in cake with that talk."
Jenny says: "You guys don't even know what bad is until you have a sister."
Jenny says: "Look, I don't know why I have to spell it out that I'm the evil twin and she's the good one!"
Jenny says: "Don't ask me to help you with your homework, I'm at some metal concert."
Steven says: "Family stuff is tricky."
Steven says: "A few months back, my dad and the Gems grounded me from TV."
The cool kids all respond at the same time.
Buck says: "That's the worst."
Sour Cream says: "Bummer."
Jenny says: "No way!"
Steven says: "And then I found out that the Gems are alien rebels, and there are other Gems out there that want us dead because they think we're traitors."
Steven says: "And they tried to take me hostage because they think I'm my mom."
Steven says: "And maybe I kinda am?"
Steven says: "*sighs* I wish I could talk to Garnet, Amethyst, and Pearl about it, but I think they kinda blame me for my mom not being around."
There is an awkward silence between Steven and the cool kids. Jenny then turns off the radio.
Jenny says: "That's heavy."
Steven says: "I guess."
Buck says: "But you always seem so upbeat."
Buck says: "You're a real champ, Steven Universe."
Sour Cream says: "Yeah, I'd turn to fishing in a heartbeat if it meant not dealing with tha- THAT!"
Jenny quickly stops the car and it screeches to a halt.
Sour Cream says: "Look at that!"
Jenny says: "What?!"
Jenny says: "!"
Jenny says: "What did I hit?!"
Jenny says: "!"
Jenny says: "What is it?!"
Jenny says: "!"
Sour Cream says: "Glooowiiiing."
Sour Cream says: "*points at a green glowing aura in wheat field* We gotta check it out."
Buck says: "I'm down."
Jenny says: "Alright, hold on."
Jenny shifts the car gear and starts driving into the wheat field. The groups then gets off the car and examine the strange crop formation.
Sour Cream says: "That's, like, as bright as like 600 glowsticks."
The group approaches the center of the crop formation and discovers a beat-up pod in the middle of a crater.
Steven says: "Peridot's escape pod."
Steven says: "*inhales deeply and turns to the cool kids* Okay, everybody step back."
Steven says: "This is a gem machine and could be extremely dangerous."
Sour Cream says: "*carries a rock over* Check it out."
Steven says: "What are you doing?!"
Steven says: "!"
Sour Cream says: "Ugh!"
Sour Cream says: "*hurls the rock at the escape pod* Boom!"
The cool kids then approach to step into the crater.
Steven says: "Whoa, stop!"
Steven says: "Peridot might still be in there."
Buck says: "Peri-what?"
Jenny says: "This biz is empty."
Buck says: "*laughs* It looks so busted."
Steven says: "You need to get away from there!"
Jenny says: "You need to relax."
Jenny says: "It's not doing anything."
Steven says: "It's not just the pod."
Steven says: "This means Peridot is just out there somewhere, trying to hurt the earth!"
Buck says: "Not cool, Earth forever!"
Sour Cream says: "Here come the rocks!"
Jenny says: "Steven, come take a selfie with me and this thing."
Steven says: "No, Jenny, I'm serious."
Jenny says: "So am I."
Jenny says: "Sour Cream, what about you?"
Sour Cream says: "Sure, I'm down with whatever."
Jenny says: "Buck?"
Buck says: "Nah, I like to just experience the moment for what it is sometimes."
Buck says: "Plus the lighting is weird."
Jenny says: "Ugh, okay."
Jenny says: "Steven."
Jenny says: "Last call."
Jenny says: "I got funny stickers."
Jenny proceeds to take a series of selfies with Steven, Buck and Sour Cream. Steven appears initially stiffened, but eventually grows more flexible and comfortable.
Jenny says: "*squeals loudly* these are so good!"
Steven says: "How do I look?"
Jenny says: "You look great, look, stay right there, I'm going to take one more- *gasps* Steven, you should get in there."
Steven says: "What?"
Jenny says: "Just for a second, one picture."
Steven and the cool kids gather around the entrance of the pod. They chuckles together and Steven climbs in the pod.
Jenny says: "Okay, ready!"
Jenny says: "3, 2..."
Jenny takes more pictures of Steven in the pod, when he accidentally activates it.
Sour Cream says: "Dude!"
Jenny says: "Oh my gosh, Steven!"
Jenny says: "Whaaaaaa."
Jenny says: "This is so cool!"
Steven says: "*starts controlling the pod* Whooooaaaaaaaa."
The pod climbs out of the crater and tumbles on its head. It then begins spinning around with Steven inside, as the cool kids climb out too.
Jenny says: "Steven, how are you doing that?"
Steven says: "*rustling inside the pod* I think it listens to what my hands do."
Steven says: "I really shouldn't be playing with this."
Steven says: "I have to take this back to the Temple immediately."
Jenny says: "No way, you just got it working!"
Buck says: "C'mon, aren't you your own mom?"
Buck says: "You can do whatever you want."
Sour Cream says: "Yeah, you gotta do some donuts in that thing!"
Buck says: "At least a dozen, baker's dozen."
Jenny says: "Seriously, Steven, you've been under a lot of pressure."
Jenny says: "Don't you think you deserve to have a little fun?"
(Steven proceeds to have some fun inside the pod with the cool kid says: "Giving them a ride, racing with Jenny's car, crop grattiti, dancing etc."
(Steven proceeds to have some fun inside the pod with the cool kid says: ")"
Jenny says: "You really got the hang of that thing, huh?"
Steven says: "*laughs* Yeah, it always hooks to the left."
Steven says: "I should really get it back to the gems though."
Cool Kids says: "Nooo..."
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Right after I jump that haystack!"
Cool Kids says: "Yeah, do it!"
Cool Kids says: "Go, Steven!"
Cool Kids says: "Yeah, whoo!"
Steven says: "*jumps over the haystack and tumbles* I'm okay!"
Steven nudges the dented ceiling of the pod, and it closes up. The inside of the pod begins to light up.
Steven says: "Aah!"
The pod then begins levitating off the ground.
Jenny says: "Steven?"
A shockwave emits from the pod, knocking the cool kids backwards.
Steven says: "Guys?"
Green transparent goo begins filling up the pod. Steven holds his breath, thinking he cannot breath inside the goo, but exhales shortly, discovers he can breathe normally. The pod starts shooting lasers and its arsenal everywhere. The jerk causes Steven to accidentally activate a panel, sending out a flare. The cool kids run everywhere and scream, trying to escape from the pod's barrage.
Jenny says: "Steven!"
Jenny says: "What's going on?"
Steven says: "Guys!"
Steven says: "Can you hear me?"
The Crystal Gems then emerge from the smoke, caused by the laser barrage.
Pearl says: "I knew it!"
Pearl says: "That flare led us right to the escape pod!"
Amethyst says: "What's going on here?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Cool Kids says: "Help!"
Cool Kids says: "Over here!"
Steven says: "Garnet!"
Steven says: "Amethyst!"
Steven says: "Pearl!"
Pearl says: "We'll save you, humans!"
Pearl says: "*hurls her spear through the pod, barely missing Steven inside* I can't believe it."
Pearl says: "Peridot's still inside."
Garnet says: "She's probably weak from the landing."
Garnet says: "Don't hold back!"
Amethyst says: "Got it!"
Pearl throws another spear through the pod, while Amethyst grabs it with her whip.
Cool Kids says: "Wait!"
Cool Kids says: "No!"
Steven says: "Whoa!"
Garnet says: "You got a lotta nerve taking refuge here."
Garnet says: "Of all places!"
Steven says: "Garnet?"
Garnet says: "But I don't know where you get off attacking defenseless humans in your dead-beat escape pod."
Steven says: "Garnet!"
Steven says: "It's me, Steven, can you hear me?"
Steven says: "Garnet!"
Garnet says: "And if you think you're safe here, well I got news for you."
Garnet says: "You lost!"
Garnet says: "Now!"
Steven says: "Garnet, Garnet, Garnet!"
Garnet says: "Stay off my planet!"
Jenny says: "*steps in front of Garnet's gauntlet* Stop!"
Jenny says: "Steven's in there."
Garnet then notices Steven inside and breaks the pod open, releasing him.
Amethyst says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Amethyst says: "What were you doing?"
Pearl says: "You found Peridot's escape pod and didn't come get us immediately!"
Pearl says: "?"
Amethyst says: "Dude, we almost wrecked you."
Garnet says: "Steven, this is unacceptable."
Garnet says: "I'm very disappointed in you."
Steven says: "*sighs* You're right..."
The Cool Kids run up in front of Steven.
Jenny says: "Hey, cut him some slack!"
Buck says: "It's not his fault!"
Sour Cream says: "Just let him be a deejay!"
Pearl says: "..."
Pearl says: "Wha?"
Sour Cream says: "We just wanted Steven to have some fun."
Sour Cream says: "I don't know what's going on with aliens trying to abduct him, and him being his own mom."
Sour Cream says: "But it sounds like he's got a lot on his mind."
Jenny says: "I'm sure whatever you're having him do is important, but everyone needs a break once in a while."
Buck says: "He's just a kid."
Pearl says: "*sighs* Maybe we have been a little hard on him."
Amethyst says: "He did just break us out of space jail."
Garnet says: "*sternly* Steven!"
Garnet says: "*smiles* You're ungrounded from TV."
Steven, astonished, smiles and runs up to Garnet to hug her. Jenny then takes another series of selfies with the cool kids and the Crystal Gems. The episode ends with a final shot of Sour Cream throwing another rock at the wrecked escape pod, shouting "I'm invincible!", with a sticker reading "Earth Forever!".
END.