Open Outer Space.
Following the events in "Lars of the Stars", the Star Skipper ship is damaged from the battle against Emerald's Destiny Destroyer. Stevonnie attempts to regain control of the ship as it spirals through space, when a screen of Lars pops up on the windshield.
Lars says: "That did it!"
Lars says: "Emerald is on the run!"
Stevonnie says: "Lars!"
Stevonnie says: "We're hit!"
Stevonnie says: "Nothing's working!"
Lars says: "*shocked* Wha?!"
Lars says: "!"
Lars says: "Hold on!"
Lars says: "What is your course?"
The screen warbles as the connection is suddenly cut off, and the screen disappears.
Stevonnie says: "Lars?!"
Stevonnie says: "!"
Stevonnie says: "*presses random buttons on a panel* What is wrong with you, ship?!"
Stevonnie says: "!"
Warning screens appear all around inside the cockpit, indicating critical damage everywhere.
Stevonnie says: "Oh, pretty much everything."
Stevonnie says: "Well, at least the display works!"
The display in the ship suddenly fizzles and disappears as well, as the ship continues to dive towards a nearby planet.
Stevonnie says: "AAHHH!"
Stevonnie says: "Downer!!"
The ship enters the atmosphere of the planet and begins generating a lot of heat, as it falls towards the planet surface.
Stevonnie says: "I can't pull up!"
Stevonnie says: "We're gonna crash!"
Stevonnie looks up, seeing a tree in the ship's trajectory, and braces for impact as the ship crashes into it with an explosion. Debris of the ship falls all around, and Stevonnie rolls down, protected inside Steven's bubble. They quickly wakes up, which pops the bubble.
Stevonnie says: "*sighs* Oh boy."
Stevonnie says: "*gets up and looks around* Where are we now?"
Stevonnie says: "Uh..."
Stevonnie says: "Hello?"
Stevonnie says: "A-Anyone out there?"
Stevonnie says: "Anyone at all?"
As Stevonnie begins walking and looking around, a nearby plant begins to expand like a balloon. Stevonnie braces themselves, and a large flower blooms from the plant from a bud, surprising them.
Stevonnie says: "*sighs and relaxes* Okay, we're fine."
Stevonnie says: "I'm fine."
Stevonnie says: "*continues walking* I'll find the ship's radio and Lars will pick us right up."
Stevonnie says: "Whoa..."
Stevonnie looks up to the sky and sees a large Earth-like planet in the distance, barren and fragmented. Suddenly, Stevonnie hears a humming and they turn to see the control panel of the ship cockpit.
Stevonnie says: "*gaasps* The cockpit!"
Stevonnie says: "*runs over* Hello?!"
Stevonnie says: "!"
Stevonnie says: "This is Star Skipper calling Sun Incinerator."
Stevonnie says: "It's Stevonnie!"
Stevonnie says: "Steven and Connie?"
Stevonnie says: "We're stranded."
Stevonnie says: "We need help!"
Stevonnie says: "..."
Stevonnie says: "Come on!"
Stevonnie says: "Don't leave me here!"
The control panel stops humming as the power fades away.
Stevonnie says: "What do we do now?"
Stevonnie says: "That was our best chance."
Stevonnie says: "We can't fix the radio, the ship's beyond hope, no one knows where we are."
Stevonnie says: "*groans in frustration* What do we do?!"
Stevonnie says: "!"
Stevonnie says: "?"
Just then, Stevonnie hears noises from the nearby bushes. They summons Steven's shield just in time to block an arthropod-like creature lunging at them and throw it off.
Stevonnie says: "An alien!"
The creature hisses and lunges towards Stevonnie again. They quickly draws Rose's Sword on their back and slices the creature in half in mid-air. The two halves of the creature fall towards the ground, and to Stevonnie's surprise, four legs sprout from the decapitated head of the creature. The creatures gets up, hisses at Stevonnie again, before retreating back into the bushes.
Stevonnie says: "Uhh..."
Stevonnie says: "Glad they're okay!"
Stevonnie says: "..."
Stevonnie says: "Wait."
Stevonnie says: "If life can thrive here, then so can I."
Stevonnie says: "I've just got to hold out until Lars finds me."
Stevonnie walks up to the other half of the creature and stabs it with the sword, picking it up with a determined look.
Stevonnie says: "Until then..."
Stevonnie says: "we survive."
A montage begins as Stevonnie begins to survive on the jungle planet. They cuts through a forest using their sword and uses a grabbling hook to pick some fruit from a tree. They also goes to a river and drinks some water along with an ungulate-like creature. Time passes by, Stevonnie builds themselves a shelter in a crater-like structure, using a cloth tied to stick to cover them from the heavy rain, and even also cut their facial hair using their sword, to their excitement.
Time-Skip; Dusk.
Stevonnie is seen struggling internally, with their hand reaching out to a bird-like creature.
Stevonnie Connie.
Come on, we have to, we're out of energy bars!
Stevonnie Steven.
Stevonnie Connie.
Stevonnie Steven.
There has to be another way! We can just take the fruit; Fruit's good!
A large shadow looms over from behind Stevonnie and the creature rolls away. Stevonnie turns around and sees a larger version of the bird-like creature. It roars at them and Stevonnie runs away screaming. They slides down a hill and encounter a towering structure in the distance, wrapped in large vines and plants. They run towards it as the creature chases after them. They squeeze through the nearly-closed doors of the tower and hides inside, as the creature attempts to squeeze through too. It is unable to though, snorts at Stevonnie and goes away.
Stevonnie says: "Phew..."
Stevonnie says: "Huh..."
Stevonnie says: "Have I..."
Stevonnie says: "been here before?"
Stevonnie says: "No, that's ridiculous."
The creature roars again outside of the structure, startling Stevonnie.
Stevonnie says: "Well, guess I'm camping here tonight."
Stevonnie proceeds to make a campfire and a hammock, and they lies down on it.
Stevonnie says: "Finally."
Stevonnie says: "Goodnight Stevonnie."
Stevonnie says: "Goodnight Stevonnie."
Stevonnie says: "Sweet..."
Stevonnie says: "dreams..."
Trans. Stevonnie's Dreamscape.
Stevonnie floats onto the surface of a giant carpet, snoring loudly, and wakes up when they feels the softness of the carpet. They gets up and looks around, noticing they are in a giant version of the Maheswaran Residence.
Stevonnie says: "W-What?!"
Stevonnie says: "!"
Stevonnie says: "I-I'm..."
Stevonnie says: "home?"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "*muffled* You were told to be prepared cycles ago."
The ground begins rumbling, Stevonnie turns around and see Dr. Maheswaran rising from the carpet, her phone pressed to her ear.
Dr. Maheswaran says: "There will be no more excuses."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Get it done."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "And don't expect me to look kindly upon this transgression."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Embark at once."
Stevonnie says: "Mom?"
Stevonnie says: "What is she talking about?"
Stevonnie says: "Huh?!"
Stevonnie says: "!"
Stevonnie quickly rolls out of the way as Dr. Maheswaran walks across the room, nearly trampling on them, towards the front door.
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Yes, I know there's organic life on the surface, it's an invasion."
Stevonnie says: "*shouting* Hey mom!"
Stevonnie says: "What are you talking about?"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "You will stick to my orders and you will destroy them!"
Stevonnie says: "*sighs* I hate it when she ignores me."
Stevonnie begins maneuvering the giant room towards Dr. Maheswaran by jumping onto the couch, onto a coffee table, and floating up to the window's edge.
Dr. Maheswaran says: "No."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Hm."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "No."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "I will not repeat myself."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Hm."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "That is simply unacceptable."
Stevonnie says: "Hey Mom!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Well, you'll have to remember, won't you?"
Annoyed, Stevonnie jumps onto Dr. Maheswaran's coat and climbs up to her shoulder.
Dr. Maheswaran says: "The dullness of this exchange tires me."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Just land the dropships and do your pathetic job for once."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Or I'll shatter you and your crew myself."
Stevonnie says: "*moves Dr."
Stevonnie says: "Maheswaran's phone away and shouts into her ear* Hey Mom, what are you doing?!"
Stevonnie says: "!"
Dr. Maheswaran opens her eyes, revealing to have yellow irises with diamond pupils, and glares at Stevonnie.
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Honey, please."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Give me a moment."
Dr. Maheswaran picks Stevonnie off her shoulders and sets them down on the floor. The setting suddenly changes to the interior of a Diamond Moon Base, and Dr. Maheswaran, transfigured into Yellow Diamond, sits on a chair, summoning a panel with her hand.
Stevonnie says: "Huh?"
Stevonnie turns around and and sees various Gem dropships flying towards an Earth-like structure planet.
Stevonnie says: "*squeals excitedly* Whoa, cool!"
Stevonnie says: "Yellooooow!"
Stevonnie says: "*pops up from the side of the chair* Hey Yellow!"
Yellow Diamond says: "Oh, you're still here."
Stevonnie says: "What are you doing?"
Yellow Diamond says: "I'm commanding the dropships to colonize this planet."
Stevonnie says: "*gets excited* I wanna command a dropship!"
Yellow Diamond says: "Well, when you have your own colony, you can command whatever you want."
Stevonnie says: "I want a colony!"
Yellow Diamond, looking unamused, presses four diamond-shaped buttons on the panel.
Stevonnie says: "I want one now!"
Ignoring Stevonnie, Yellow Diamond unlocks the panel, revealing a screen displaying a dropship.
Stevonnie says: "What's this?"
Yellow Diamond says: "I'm contacting the leader of the fleet."
Stevonnie says: "*amazed* Let me do it!"
Stevonnie begins pressing random buttons on the screen, and an angry Yellow Diamond grabs her arm away.
Yellow Diamond says: "Don't touch that!"
Stevonnie says: "*pulls their arm back* Why not?"
Stevonnie says: "You have so many worlds and I don't even have one!"
Stevonnie says: "*stomps their foot* It's not fair!"
Stevonnie says: "I."
Stevonnie says: "Want."
Stevonnie says: "One!"
Stevonnie says: "*stomps again* I want my own army!"
Stevonnie says: "I want my own planet!"
Stevonnie says: "I deserve it!"
Stevonnie says: "I'm just as important as you!"
Yellow Diamond says: "Then why don't you act like it, Pink?!"
Yellow Diamond says: "!"
Stevonnie walks away, clutching to their arm in anger. They walks up to the glass windows of the observatory and glances back at Yellow Diamond. They then clenches their fist, Pink Diamond is seen through their reflection on the windows, and they punches the windows, smashing it.
Trans. Int. Jungle Moon Base.
Stevonnie abruptly wakes up from the dream in shock, falling out of the hammock onto the ground.
Stevonnie says: "Whoa!"
Stevonnie Connie.
Steven, what was that?
Stevonnie Steven.
Diamonds. I'm having Diamond dreams again. But, why now? Why... here?
Stevonnie look up at the wall of the tower and sees a mural of Yellow Diamond.
Stevonnie says: "No way."
Stevonnie spots an opening in the ceiling and climbs through it, spotting an orb-like structure in the center of the second floor.
Stevonnie says: "This is just like the Moon Base orbiting Earth."
Stevonnie climb up another opening to the top floor.
Stevonnie says: "Whoa now..."
Stevonnie says: "*sees the fragmented planet before* That must have been a colony..."
Stevonnie says: "Wait a second..."
Stevonnie walks over up to the glass windows and looks the smashed glass that appeared in their dream.
Stevonnie says: "Pink Diamond was here..."
Stevonnie says: "Oh!"
Stevonnie says: "*runs over to the chair* And Yellow!"
Stevonnie climbs onto the chair and sees the panel Yellow used, levitating and wrapped in vines.
Stevonnie says: "That's it!"
Stevonnie says: "I hope this thing still works."
Stevonnie says: "*pulls the panel towards them using the vines* Hmm."
Stevonnie says: "*activates the panel* That pattern..."
Four diamond symbols appear on the panel screen and Stevonnie presses them in the same pattern Yellow Diamond had done in their dream. The screen unlocks and they begins swiping through the screens.
Stevonnie says: "Nope."
Stevonnie says: "*swipes* Nuh-uh."
Stevonnie says: "*swipes and sees a photo of Yellow Pearl and Yellow Diamond* Uhh yikes!"
Stevonnie says: "*swipes, sees the Sun Incinerator, and gasps* It's Lars's ship!"
Stevonnie taps on the screen and it opens a transmission line to Lars.
Lars says: "Keep searching!"
Lars says: "We're not giving up on them, no matter what!"
Stevonnie says: "Lars!"
Stevonnie says: "Hey Lars!"
Stevonnie says: "Hey, Lars!"
Lars says: "*sees Steveonnie on his screen* There you are!"
Lars says: "We've been looking all over for you!"
Stevonnie says: "Oh my gosh Lars, it's so good to see you!"
Lars says: "Send cords to their signal!"
Lars says: "It's good to see you too."
Stevonnie says: "*sighs* Thanks, Lars."
Suddenly, Stevonnie hears thudding on the glass. They looks up and sees the bird-like creature from before climbing on the glass, looking down and growling at them.
Stevonnie says: "Hello, bird blob."
Stevonnie says: "My old friend."
The creature roars and starts breaking the glass with its beak.
Stevonnie says: "Lars, hurry!"
Stevonnie says: "We've got company!"
Engine whirring is then heard, and the creature stops and turns to see the ship heading down.
Lars says: "Yeeehaaaw!"
Lars says: "- Ugh!"
Lars says: "What the heck is that?!"
Lars says: "!"
Stevonnie says: "I don't know, but it's not here to play nice!"
Lars says: "Charge the blasters!"
The ship begins firing at the creature and it quickly crawls and jumps off the base, flying away. Stevonnie sighs in relief as the ship closes in.
Lars says: "Hah!"
Lars says: "Looks like we just saved your butts!"
Lars says: "Let's get you up here and back home through my head."
Stevonnie says: "Yeah..."
Stevonnie says: "I think I'm ready to go home."
Stevonnie glances back at the broken glass window, smashed by Pink Diamond, before jumping off the chair, as the Diamond motif plays in the background.
END.