Open Int. Beach House.
Garnet opens the episode with a serious tone.
Garnet says: "We need to track down Peridot."
Garnet says: "We found her pod."
Garnet says: "We know she's out there somewhere."
Garnet says: "She came to Earth with a job to do and odds are, she's still gonna try to do it."
Garnet says: "That's why I've gathered you here."
Steven, Garnet, Pearl and Amethyst are then seen folding Steven's t-shirts together.
Steven says: "I thought it was so you can help me fold all this laund-a-ry!"
Garnet says: "That too."
Garnet says: "The chore wheel idea you had fell apart fast."
Amethyst says: "Wasn't me."
The Crystal Gems turn to look at the chore wheel pasted on the refrigerator, where everyone's names are strike out and replaced with Pearl's name, written in her handwriting. Pearl and Garnet exchange looks.
Pearl says: "I just really enjoy doing all of those things."
Garnet says: "It's better if we do them together."
Amethyst says: "Humans should just stop wearing clothes, be a lot funnier."
Steven says: "Hey!"
Steven says: "I'm a civil-i-fied part human, thank you very much."
Steven says: "Clothing is a must."
Steven says: "*looks at the laundry pile* Hmm..."
Steven says: "This is a lot."
Steven says: "I bet this folding would go faster if Ruby and Sapphire were here!"
Garnet says: "I'm sure they'd be glad to see you Steven."
Garnet says: "But I am not unfusing for laundry."
Steven says: "Aww."
Pearl says: "Garnet, you don't think Peridot would come looking for us, do you?"
Garnet says: "We weren't her priority."
Garnet says: "She was sent here to do something in the Kindergarten."
Pearl says: "Do you think she's still going to try to reactivate it?"
Garnet says: "Mmm..."
Garnet says: "If she gets it back up and running, the Injectors will turn back on."
Steven says: "In-jec-tors?"
Steven says: "What're those?"
Pearl says: "You've already seen them."
Pearl says: "Well, you've seen them disabled."
Pearl says: "*projects a hologram from her gem* If Peridot reactivates them,  they'll pick up right where they left off, planting Gems in the crust of the Earth, where they'll incubate and suck the life right out of the ground, we can't let Peridot restart Gem production here, if we do, the entire planet will become..."
Garnet says: "..."
Garnet says: "Janked."
Amethyst says: "Garnet!"
Amethyst says: "*chuckles* That mouth!"
Garnet says: "Don't worry, we'll stop her."
Garnet says: "C'mon, Crystal Gems."
Pearl says: "Coming!"
Amethyst says: "As long as we don't have to fold anything."
Steven continues folding his t-shirts.
Garnet says: "Steven."
Amethyst says: "C'mon, that means you too, right?"
Steven quickly gets up and rushes excitedly onto the warp pad with the Gems.
Garnet says: "You're a civilified part-gem too after all."
Pearl says: "Garnet, are you sure we should bring Steven?"
Pearl says: "This might be dangerous."
Garnet says: "Peridot's got nothing we can't handle."
The Crystal Gems then warps out.
Trans. Ext. Prime Kindergarten.
The Crystal Gems ventures through the Kindergarten, with Pearl projecting a beam of light to shine the path.
Pearl says: "Well, nothing looks activated."
Pearl says: "In fact, i-it doesn't look like anything's budged since the last time we were here."
Garnet says: "You're right."
Garnet says: "But just because Peridot hasn't been here yet, it doesn't mean she won't come."
Steven says: "Hm!"
Garnet says: "Let's do a thorough check of the perimeter."
Steven says: "Mmhm!"
Garnet says: "That way, we can monitor any future entry."
Steven says: "Hmm!"
Steven says: "Sounds good to me!"
Steven starts treading off on his own, looking around the Kindergarten himself, when he heard Peridot's voice.
Peridot Off-screen.
Log date 6-5-2.
Steven, startled, turns away and sees Peridot rising from an underground elevator.
Peridot says: "*fiddles with her finger screen* This is Peridot, updating status."
Peridot says: "Still stuck on this miserable planet..."
Peridot says: "The fusion experiments are developing properly."
Peridot spots Steven and shrieks in shock. Steven silently stares at Peridot, as she looks around.
Peridot says: "*whispers* Are the other ones with you?"
Steven slowly shakes his head, and then nods his head quickly, shrugging.
Peridot says: "*dissipates her finger screen* Of course!"
Peridot says: "Why not..."
Garnet says: "*distantly* Peridot!"
Pearl says: "There she is!"
The Gems charges forth. Peridot gasps and runs away, and the Crystal Gems starts pursuing her.
Amethyst says: "Nowhere to go!"
Pearl says: "You're cornered!"
The Crystal Gems chase Peridot to a wall. Peridot begins scaling and running up the wall.
Steven says: "Hey!"
Steven says: "I can't do that!"
Pearl says: "Neither can she!"
Pearl hurls her spear upwards, and it shoots past Peridot.
Peridot says: "looks back and grins* Ha!"
Peridot says: "Missed!"
Pearl's spear hits the leg of an Injector stuck on the wall and dissipates. The Injector then begins to collapse off the wall. Peridot sees the falling Injector and tries to flee, but the Injector hits her and they crash onto the ground.
Steven says: "Do you think she's hurt?"
Peridot emerges from the rubble and flees again.
Amethyst says: "*laughs* Nope!"
Amethyst tethers the fleeing Peridot with her whip. Peridot then generates an electrical current with her fingertip, electrifying the entire whip.
Amethyst says: "*drops her whip quickly* Who-o-oa!"
Amethyst says: "Hot whip!"
Peridot says: "You Crystal Clods!"
Peridot says: "*flees again* Go ahead!"
Peridot says: "Wreck this place!"
Peridot says: "See if I care!"
Peridot says: "I already got what I needed!"
Pearl says: "*chases after* Get back here!"
Peridot quickly turns her fingers into helicopter-blades, lifting her from the ground. She laughs maniacally as she flies off.
Amethyst says: "I'm gonna bop her good!"
Pearl says: "I'll help!"
Pearl and Amethyst pursue Peridot deep into the Kindergarten.
Steven says: "Hurry, Garnet!"
Steven tries to pursue Peridot too, but Garnet holds him back by lifting him off the ground.
Garnet says: "If Peridot's mission was to reactivate the Kindergarten, the injectors would be on."
Garnet says: "Look."
Garnet says: "They're not."
Steven says: "Oh!"
Steven says: "Oh..."
Garnet says: "Let's see what she was actually doing."
Garnet says: "*lifts up the collapsed Injector, revealing a hole* Down here."
Steven says: "Oh."
Steven says: "Oh!"
Steven says: "You're brains and brawn!"
Steven says: "The whole package!"
Garnet says: "Thank you!"
Steven says: "Is it cause you're a fusion?"
Garnet says: "I have to keep some of my secrets."
Steven says: "Aw, please?"
Steven says: "I wanna know!"
Garnet chuckles in response. The pair then slides down the hole.
Steven says: "Is the strong part of you Ruby and the wise part of you Sapphire?"
Garnet says: "It's all of both."
Garnet says: "When two Gems combine, it creates something greater than the sum of their parts."
Garnet says: "That's why I'm so great."
Steven says: "What's it like to stayed fused all the—"
Steven says: "Whoa."
Garnet and Steven arrives at the bottom, at the Kindergarten Prime Control Room. It is dark and empty, except for several dirt pillars hanging from the ceiling, and a couple more on the floor. Some of the pillars are cracked open. Garnet then sets Steven on the floor.
Steven says: "I don't know how but..."
Steven says: "this place is even creepier than the last time we were here."
Garnet says: "Yes."
Garnet says: "There's something going on."
Steven says: "The power's not on."
Steven says: "What was Peridot doing?"
Garnet says: "It looks like she pulled these out of the walls."
Garnet says: "Something strange."
A noise is heard coming from a dirt pillar. Garnet approaches it to investigate.
Steven says: "Garnet?"
Garnet touches the dirt pillar, and it begins to shake. Steven and Garnet slowly back off.
Steven says: "Is there..."
Steven says: "something in there?"
A strange creature then falls from the ceiling behind the pair, startling Steven. Garnet and Steven turn around and see it to be an amalgam of a blue hand and a red foot. Garnet then puts up the creature.
Steven says: "Whoa."
Garnet and Steven look up, and several more similar creatures, all made up of limbs, falls from the ceiling.
Steven says: "What are they?"
Steven says: "AAHHH!"
The creature in Garnet's hand pounces onto Steven's face, and Garnet quickly poofs it. She then holds in her hand a pair of gem shards.
Steven says: "What is it?"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "It looks like..."
Steven says: "two gems shards, stuck together."
Garnet grunts in disgust and throws the welded gem shards on the floor, in front of the limbs cluster creatures.
Steven says: "Is that what all these things are?"
Steven says: "Gems..."
Steven says: "stuck together?"
Steven says: "Garnet?"
The shaking dirt pillar from before start to crack.
Steven says: "What was that?"
The dirt pillar bursts open and reveals a Cluster Gem inside. Four silhouettes, fused together at the waists and silently screaming, desperately try to pull themselves away from the fusion, but fail. With a final scream, the fusion glitches and turns into a Cluster Monster, in the form of a hand consisting of other hands. It shrieks and starts crawling towards Steven and Garnet. Garnet is rooted on the spot in fear, breathing agitatedly.
Steven says: "Garnet."
Steven says: "Uh, Garnet."
Steven says: "What do we do?"
Steven says: "AH!"
A limb cluster grabs onto Steven, and the Hand Cluster grabs onto Garnet. Steven kicks the limb cluster away.
Steven says: "Please, talk to me!"
Steven says: "Ah!"
Steven summons his shield and starts fending off the limb clusters crawling towards him. The Hand Cluster knocks Garnet's visor off, revealing her terrified and traumatized face.
Garnet says: "*starts tearing up* These were Crystal Gems, shattered into pieces."
Garnet says: "They were buried together."
Steven says: "Why aren't you moving?"
Garnet says: "They were forced together..."
Garnet says: "They were forced to fuse!"
Garnet says: "This is wrong!"
Garnet says: "Uh, uh, I'm sorry."
Garnet says: "Aauugghhh!"
Garnet begins to separate in the trauma, and Steven becomes afraid.
Steven says: "NO!"
Steven says: "No, Garnet, you're coming undone!"
Steven says: "Garnet!"
Steven says: "Garnet!"
Steven says: "*pushes another limb cluster away* Garneeet!"
Steven says: "Please, what's the matter?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "This isn't LIKE you!"
Upon hearing Steven's words, Garnet regains composure and pushes back the Hand Cluster. Slowly regaining her form, Garnet grabs onto the Hand Cluster with her gauntlets and forcefully rips it apart, effectively poofing it. The cluster gem drops onto the floor and Garnet bubbles it.
Steven says: "We did it!"
Steven says: "Garnet?"
Garnet Ruby.
So this is what Homeworld thinks of fusion!
Garnet Sapphire.
We couldn't have known they would do this...
Garnet Ruby.
This is where they've been. All the ones we couldn't find. They've been here the whole time!
Garnet Sapphire.
Rose couldn't have known.
Garnet Ruby.
This is punishment for the rebellion!
Garnet Sapphire.
Steven says: "Garnet!"
Garnet says: "*sends the cluster gem into the Burning Room and turns to Steven, stuttering* St-Steven..."
Amethyst says: "Yo."
Amethyst says: "*enters the control room with Pearl* We're back."
Garnet resummons her visor.
Pearl says: "Garnet, we lost Peridot."
Pearl says: "Her fingers were too fast for us."
Pearl says: "Um..."
Pearl says: "*grabs the cluster* What are these things?"
Garnet says: "Put them down!"
Steven says: "Uh!"
Pearl says: "Wha..."
Garnet says: "We need to poof and bubble all of them."
Garnet says: "We can't let any escape."
Garnet poofs the limb cluster and the screen turns black.
Trans. Ext. Crystal Temple.
Back at the temple, Steven warps onto the intact hand of the temple statue, with a washer and a clothes dryer on it. He then notices Garnet leaning against the thumb of the hand.
Steven says: "Oh."
Steven says: "Hey, Garnet."
Steven says: "How's it going?"
Garnet says: "Still damp."
Steven looks the clothes dryer, still drying the laundry.
Steven says: "Oh, right."
Steven says: "The clothes."
Steven says: "There are towels in there."
Steven says: "Do we even have plumbing up here?"
Steven says: "How do you get the washer and dryer to work?"
Garnet says: "*waves her hand* Magic."
Steven laughs at Garnet's antics, but quickly notices her frowning again.
Steven says: "Are you..."
Steven says: "alright?"
Garnet says: "I wish you hadn't seen that..."
Steven says: "Oh it's okay."
Garnet says: "It's not okay."
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Why?"
Garnet says: "What Homeworld did, taking the shards and parts of fallen gems and combining them, these gems weren't asked permission."
Garnet says: "Fusion is a choice, those Gems weren't given a choice."
Garnet says: "It isn't right; it isn't fusion!"
The dryer buzzes, and Steven starts taking the laundry out of it. He then looks back at Garnet, still agitated.
Steven says: "What's it like, being a fusion?"
Garnet says: "You fused."
Steven says: "I mean, like, all the time."
Steven says: "Do you forget who you used to be?"
Garnet says: "You forget you were ever alone."
Garnet says: "*smiles* You know, when you fuse, you don't feel like two people, you feel like one being."
Garnet says: "And your old names might as well be names for your left arm, and your right."
Steven says: "When you split up, is it like you disappear?"
Garnet says: "I embody my- I mean, Ruby and Sapphire's love."
Garnet says: "I'll always exist in them, even if I split apart."
Garnet says: "But the strength of that love keeps me together, so I can stay Garnet for a very long time."
Steven says: "*smiles widely* That's why you're so great."
Garnet says: "*still smiling* Ha."
Steven chuckles along with Garnet, when a wind suddenly blows a white and baby blue sock off the laundry basket.
Steven says: "*gasps* Oh no!"
Garnet quickly grabs the sock before it flies away.
Garnet says: "Don't wanna break up a pair."
Steven says: "Yeah."
Steven says: "You're right."
Steven says: "They belong together."
Steven hands a similar-looking white and light pink sock to Garnet. She folds the socks together and drops them onto the laundry basket. The star iris then closes in on the pair of socks, ending the episode.
END.