Open Ext. Beach House.
Steven is seen running up to his house, fleeing from something.
Steven says: "PEARL!"
Pearl says: "*rushes outside the house with her spear, ready for combat* Hyungh!"
Steven says: "Help me, save me, help me!"
Steven says: "*jumps and clings onto Pearl* Save me!"
Garnet and Amethyst, who are shapeshifted into Steven, appear and start running around Pearl while laughing.
Pearl says: "What on Earth?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Steven says: "*pokes Pearl's forehead* Tag!"
Steven says: "You're it."
Pearl says: "Care to explain—"
Pearl says: "Ugh!"
Pearl says: "..."
Pearl says: "What's going on here?"
Amethyst says: "It's Steven Tag!"
Amethyst says: "Steven tagged you, now you have to turn into Steven."
Garnet says: "It's the rules."
Pearl says: "Ugh."
Pearl says: "Oh, please."
Steven says: "*disappointed* Awww, no fair!"
Amethyst says: "Sooooo, that means we're out of players."
Amethyst says: "*turns to Garnet* Get ready for Steven Tag Advance!"
Garnet dodges Amethyst's tackle, grabs her and throws her up into the sky. Garnet then leaps up and slaps Amethyst back downwards.
Garnet says: "Tag."
Amethyst says: "Wwaaaahhh!!"
Steven, Garnet and Pearl look over from the house porch at Amethyst, lying in a crater in the sand.
Amethyst says: "*gets up* Ungh..."
Garnet says: "*smiles* Garnet wins."
Trans. Int. Beach.
Steven strolls along the beach, singing the "Steven Tag Song".
Ronaldo says: "STOP!"
Steven is suddenly halted by Ronaldo, wearing a military style outfit and hiding behind a rock.
Ronaldo says: "This is a restricted zone!"
Ronaldo says: "*tries to shoo Steven away* Only those with special clearance may enter!"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "May, I have special clearance?"
Ronaldo says: "Hmmmm..."
Ronaldo says: "*glares at Steven* Granted."
Ronaldo has Steven put on clear bags over his hands and feet, and begins rummaging into a duffel bag.
Ronaldo says: "Now that you're properly suited, let's investigate!"
Ronaldo says: "*hands Steven a pair of binoculars* See those holes?"
Ronaldo says: "Their shape and pattern is repeated over and over."
Ronaldo says: "*takes a picture with his phone* Some might say it's a coincidence."
Ronaldo says: "I say there's something..."
Ronaldo says: "more."
Steven says: "Like what?"
Steven says: "A double coincidence?"
Ronaldo says: "You'd already be in the know if you followed my blog, "Keep Beach City Weird"!"
Ronaldo says: "*shows Steven his blog on his phone* I document all the weird thing that happen in Beach City!"
Ronaldo says: "You can't always trust facts and books."
Ronaldo says: "I'm out here hunting the TRUTH!"
Peedee says: "Oh, there you are!"
Peedee says: "*runs over* Dad wants you back at the shop!"
Peedee says: "You're missing out on valuable frying time!"
Ronaldo says: "It's WEIRD time, Peedee!"
Ronaldo says: "I'm doing big stuff!"
Ronaldo says: "COVER for me!"
Peedee says: "Fine."
Peedee says: "But this is the last time, or I’m telling Dad."
Peedee says: "*walks away mumbling angrily* “Big stuff”, I’ll give you "big stuff"."
Ronaldo says: "*turns to Steven* So."
Ronaldo says: "You wanna get your hands really dirty?"
Ronaldo says: "Then follow me."
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Trans. Int. BC Boardwalk.
Steven and Ronaldo walk along the boardwalk.
Steven says: "*peering through the binoculars* I can’t wait to find something paranormal."
Ronaldo says: "*holding a detection device* Shh!"
Ronaldo says: "I’m picking up a quantum flux on the weirdometer."
Ronaldo says: "There."
Steven says: "Whoaaaa, did they fall from the sky?"
Ronaldo says: "My research suggests, they grew up  from the ground."
Trans. Ext. Big Donut.
Steven and Ronaldo explores another side of town.
Steven says: "*rushes to a garbage bin covered in flower petals* Ronaldo!"
Steven says: "Look at this!"
Ronaldo says: "According to an online encyclopedia, in which I am a user/editor of, this species isn’t indigenous to this region..."
Ronaldo says: "or this dimension!"
Ronaldo says: "*makes a dramatic face and echoes* -sion-sion-sion!"
Trans. Ext. BC Fries.
Steven and Ronaldo walk back along the boardwalk outside BC Fries.
Ronaldo says: "We live in a strange world, Steven."
Ronaldo says: "Stranger than most know, stranger than they care to know."
Ronaldo says: "Take my brother for instance."
Ronaldo says: "*looks over to Peedee, working at the BC Fries counter* He’s always getting on my case, telling me to work more."
Ronaldo says: "He'll never understand, but Steven, I can tell you're like me."
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Ronaldo says: "I know you're someone I can trust..."
Ronaldo says: "!"
Trans. Int. The Lighthouse.
Steven and Ronaldo approach the Lighthouse atop the temple’s cliff and starts climbing up the stairs of the lighthouse.
Ronaldo says: "You're ready for what I've found."
Ronaldo says: "The cause of Beach City's paranormal activity."
Steven says: "Wait, what?"
Ronaldo says: "*leads Steven to the lantern room at the top of the lighthouse* Welcome to my office, go that way."
Ronaldo says: "Welcome..."
Ronaldo says: "to the truth!"
Steven walks around the lantern in the room and sees a large notice board with several newspaper clips and “Snake People” written in large letters on it.
Steven says: "SNAKE PEOPLE?!"
Steven says: "!"
Ronaldo says: "Snake People, or "sneople", control our government at the highest levels!"
Ronaldo says: "Look!"
Ronaldo says: "*shows Steven a dollar bill* The snake represents their hold on our country."
Ronaldo says: "The diamond represents their underground mines, or their sharp teeth..."
Ronaldo says: "The details aren’t important."
Ronaldo says: "They pit us mammals against each other with elections, sports, and anime message boards."
Ronaldo says: "We spend so much time fighting over "dubs" or "subs" that we miss the big picture!"
Steven says: "*in awe* What's that?"
Ronaldo says: "That the world is under their control."
Steven leaves the Lighthouse, deep in thought, when he encounters a small garden snake nearby, which hisses and slithers away.
Steven says: "AAAAAAAH!"
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Steven bursts into the house, exhausted, and slams the door behind him.
Pearl says: "Steven, don’t slam the door!"
Steven says: "Amethyst, Pearl, we need to snake-proof the house!"
Pearl says: "Why?"
Steven says: "To stop the snake people!"
Amethyst says: "Uh, "snake people"?"
Steven says: "*blushes angrily* What’s so funny about sneople?"
Steven says: "Look at this!"
Steven takes out his phone and shows Pearl and Amethyst Ronaldo's blog, displaying a picture of the holes in the cliff face.
Pearl says: "That must be from when we fought those drill parasites on the beach."
Steven says: "Wha?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Well, what about this?"
Amethyst says: "That looks like pieces of that Red Eye we blew up!"
Steven says: "Well, what about this!"
Steven says: "?"
Pearl says: "Aww, it’s the flowers from Rose's moss."
Steven says: "*slaps his head in revelation* Is all the weird stuff that happens in Beach City because of us?"
Pearl says: "Well, yeah, obviously."
Steven says: "I need some air..."
Trans. Ext. Beach House.
Steven leaves the house to the porch and finds Ronaldo on the beach, investigating the crater formed earlier by the Gems.
Steven says: "Ronaldo?"
Ronaldo says: "*putting a cast on the crater* Steven!"
Ronaldo says: "Did you see this crater?"
Ronaldo says: "I think the snake people might have left it as a sign."
Steven says: "*approaches apologetically* Yeah..."
Steven says: "ugh, Ronaldo?"
Ronaldo says: "*makes an anime-esque happy face* Yes, Steven?"
Steven says: "Are you..."
Steven says: "totally sure about this “snake people” thing?"
Ronaldo says: "*happy expression quickly fades away* Steven, are you having doubts?"
Steven says: "Not really just..."
Steven says: "doubts."
Steven says: "I found out that those weird holes in the cliff were just something me and the Gems did."
Ronaldo says: "Well, okay, but those red rocks..."
Steven says: "That was us..."
Ronaldo says: "But, the flowers..."
Steven says: "Us too."
Ronaldo says: "But, but the truth!"
Steven says: "Maybe the truth just isn’t what you thought it was."
Ronaldo says: "Sure it is!"
Ronaldo says: "Don't get hung up on these minor facts."
Ronaldo says: "Truth is about more than that, truth is a feeling in your gut that you know is true!"
Ronaldo says: "Truth is searching for anything that proves you're right no matter how small, and holding on to that, no matter what."
Steven says: "That kinda sounds like the opposite of truth."
Ronaldo says: "Look!"
Ronaldo says: "The proof!"
Ronaldo says: "This cast will show the true face of this conspiracy."
Ronaldo says: "*holds up cast from the crate, which looks exactly like Steven* Oh, wha-huh?"
Steven says: "That’s probably from Steven Tag."
Ronaldo says: "What?!"
Ronaldo says: "!"
Ronaldo says: "*halts Steven* I'm really not at the center of anything..."
Ronaldo says: "I'm nothing..."
Ronaldo walks away in despair, dragging along the cast on the sand. It then hits a rock and breaks apart as Ronaldo keeps walking off.
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Steven slouches on the couch in the living room, browsing Ronaldo's blog on his phone and finding out it has been shut down.
Pearl says: "What's wrong, Steven?"
Steven says: "I think I broke Ronaldo's heart."
Pearl says: "Oh, Steven."
Pearl says: "Humans just lead short, boring, insignificant lives, so they make up stories to feel like they're a part of something bigger."
Pearl says: "They want to blame all the world's problems on some single enemy they can fight, instead of a complex network of interrelated forces beyond anyone's control."
Amethyst says: "It's sad, and funny."
Pearl says: "Don't feel bad about it, okay?"
Pearl says: "It's not like he was ever going to be right."
Steven looks at a coin on the table, which has a snake emblem on it, and has an idea. Pearl begins washing the dishes when she hears the door opening.
Pearl says: "Steven, where are you going?"
Steven says: "*holding something* I'm gonna go fix Ronaldo!"
Steven says: "I'll be back in an hour."
Trans. Ext. BC Fries.
Peedee is peeling potatoes in the back of the shop when Ronaldo comes out of the shop to take out the trash.
Peedee says: "Yo, Ronaldo!"
Peedee says: "Ehhh, so..."
Peedee says: "See anything weird lately?"
Ronaldo says: "*unshaven and depressed* No, everything's..."
Ronaldo says: "normal."
Steven then appears and approaches Peedee and Ronaldo in a snake costume.
Steven says: "*hisses* Snake men are real, and we're puppeting the go’ment!"
Peedee says: "AHH!"
Peedee hides his face in fright. A startled Ronaldo starts laughing hysterically and slowly approaches Steven. He then retrieves a potato from his shirt and hits Steven over the head with it, knocking him out.
Trans. Int. Lighthouse, at Night.
Steven slowly wakes up, still in his snake costume... finding himself back in the Lighthouse and chained to a chair. Ronaldo then starts interrogating Steven while Peedee records with a hand-held camcorder.
Ronaldo says: "Wakey wakey, Mr."
Ronaldo says: "Snakey..."
Ronaldo says: "!"
Ronaldo says: "*uses a flashlight to examine Steven's eyes* Wave forms seem typical for a twelfth dimensional being of this size."
Ronaldo says: "*examines the costume's arms with his flashlight* Arms appear to be, vestigial."
Peedee says: "*shivering* U-uh, R-R-Ronaldo?"
Peedee says: "Is that..."
Peedee says: "one of the monster people you've been hunting?"
Ronaldo says: "No no, not “monster”, Peedee, snerson."
Ronaldo says: "It’s VERY scientific!"
Ronaldo says: "But still, better safe than sorry."
Peedee says: "What’s this for?"
Ronaldo says: "For me!"
Ronaldo says: "In case the amphibianoids turn my body into a host vessel!"
Peedee says: "No!"
Ronaldo says: "Peedee, Peedee, Peedee!"
Ronaldo says: "You gotta look at the big picture here!"
Ronaldo says: "Something important is finally happening to me!"
The wall of the Lighthouse suddenly breaks apart and the Gems burst in, fully armed.
Garnet says: "Hello."
Pearl says: "We know you have our Steven!"
Amethyst says: "Give him up, curly!"
Amethyst says: "Grrrr..."
Amethyst says: "!"
Ronaldo says: "*gasps* You, snake people..."
Ronaldo says: "Hiding like cowards in your false humanoid exteriors!"
Ronaldo says: "Steven’s got nothing to do with this, it's me you want!"
Amethyst quickly kicks him in the face, causing him to fly backwards onto the ground. He quickly recovers and charges at the Gems with a punch. Pearl easily blocks it with her hand, causing his hand to hurt.
Ronaldo says: "*holding his hand in pain* AAAAAH!"
Ronaldo says: "Aah!"
Ronaldo says: "Aah."
Ronaldo says: "YOU SNONSTERS!!!"
Ronaldo says: "AAAAH!"
The Gems continue to attack Ronaldo while Steven continues to struggle. He then manages to wriggle free from the chair and slips off of his costume.
Peedee says: "*notices* Steven?!"
Peedee says: "!"
Ronaldo says: "*visibly injured* Okay, okay."
Ronaldo says: "You’ve forced me to use my ultimate weapon!"
Ronaldo says: "Stand back!"
Ronaldo says: "Psychic Ghost Powers, Activate!"
Ronaldo begins chanting gibberish, and the Gems brace themselves for an attack. Steven then jumps in between them.
Steven says: "Everybody stop!"
Steven says: "I'm okay!"
Garnet says: "..."
Garnet says: "Nice pants."
Ronaldo says: "Steven, your legs!"
Ronaldo says: "When did they get to you?"
Steven says: "Ronaldo!"
Steven says: "It's not real!"
Steven says: "*tosses his costume on the ground, annoyed* It was just me..."
Steven says: "again."
Ronaldo says: "That..."
Ronaldo says: "makes no sense..."
Steven says: "I just wanted to inspire Ronaldo to be weird again."
Ronaldo says: "No!"
Ronaldo says: "It—"
Ronaldo says: "It just isn't that simple!"
Ronaldo says: "There's got to be more to it than just..."
Ronaldo says: "you."
The Crystal Gems look away in uncertainty and Ronaldo starts stressing out.
Peedee says: "But there is more!"
Peedee says: "Steven is just uh..."
Peedee says: "*rummages through Ronaldo's papers* uh..."
Peedee says: "A small piece of the puzzle!"
Peedee says: "Look at this!"
Peedee says: "I think its gotta be uh, level 8 beings pulling the strings."
Ronaldo says: "Get real, Peedee."
Ronaldo says: "*pauses* Level 8 beings are a worker society incapable of such organization..."
Ronaldo says: "whoa, wait a minute!"
Ronaldo says: "*spread the papers out to the ground* How did I never see this before?"
Ronaldo says: "*scans through the papers and peers at a dollar bill* I know what the diamond means..."
Ronaldo says: "Polymorphic sentient rocks!"
Ronaldo starts laughing hysterically at his new realization, as Peedee and the Crystal Gems sneak out of the Lighthouse.
Steven says: "Are you sure he’ll be better like that?"
Peedee says: "Yeah, he's happy, ya know?"
Steven says: "Yeah."
Trans. Ext. Lighthouse.
Peedee and the Crystal Gems begin walking down the hill, with Steven riding on Pearl’s back, and Garnet pets his head. Ronaldo remains in the Lighthouse, standing at the balcony and yelling aloud.
Ronaldo says: "They're here to hollow out the Earth!"
Ronaldo says: "It's part of the Great Diamond Authority!"
Ronaldo says: "They’ll take on any form, you can read all about it..."
Ronaldo says: "ON MY BLOOOG!!!"
The star iris then zooms in on Ronaldo, ending the episode.
END.