Open Int. Beach House.
Steven is setting up the table in the living room, in preparation for a seemingly fancy dinner.
Steven says: "*sets a fork down next to another fork* Two forks, it's fancy."
Steven says: "*pours orange juice into a wine glass and sips it* Mm-hmm."
Steven says: "*turns on a fake candle* Some mood lighting."
Steven says: "*slams a vase with two roses on the table* Some classy decor."
Steven says: "There!"
Steven says: "Mwah!"
Steven does a chef kiss and admires his table setup.
Steven says: "This is so nice!"
Steven says: "*hears knocking at the door and gasps in excitement* Pizza time!"
Steven runs to the door and opens it, finding Kiki standing outside, sweating and holding several pizzas.
Steven says: "Kiki!"
Kiki says: "*laughs* Hey, Steven!"
Kiki says: "Cheddar cheese crust with double pepperoni?"
Steven says: "Oh, thanks!"
Steven says: "But doesn't Jenny usually do deliveries?"
Kiki says: "I had to take double duty today because Jenny busted the pizza car."
Steven says: "What?!"
Steven says: "!"
Kiki says: "*sighs* Yeah."
Kiki says: "Who knew blasting one of Sour Cream's mix tapes could blow out the tires?"
Steven says: "Well, his drops are pretty dirty."
Kiki says: "Guess so."
Kiki says: "Anyways, it means I've gotta deliver all these orders by foot while Jenny takes the car to the shop."
Kiki says: "*notices Steven's table setup* Oh?"
Kiki says: "Looks fancy!"
Kiki says: "You having anybody cute over, Steven?"
Steven says: "You mean, besides..."
Steven says: "me?"
Steven says: "*glances amorously at Kiki and chuckles nervously* I'm taking some "me" time."
Steven says: "You want in?"
Kiki says: "Thanks, Steven, but I still have to run around town and deliver all these pizzas."
Kiki says: "*turns slightly distressed* There's a lot of other people having "me" time tonight."
Kiki says: "*smiles again* But it's alright."
Kiki says: "I love running."
Kiki says: "Anyways, Gotta get back to it!"
Kiki says: "Later, Steven!"
Steven says: "*walks on the pouch and waves goodbye to Kiki* See ya!"
Kiki pants as she runs off into town.
Steven says: "Poor Kiki."
Steven says: "*returns back into his house shortly* Pizza time!"
Steven says: "Whoo!"
Time-Skip - Night-time.
Steven is fast asleep on the couch after indulging himself with his pizza, and making a mess of the table.
Trans. Int. Steven's Dreamscape.
Steven begins dreaming that he is flying through the sky with rocket flip-flops.
Steven says: "Yeah, whoo!"
Steven says: "Oh!"
Steven says: "Oh!"
Steven says: "Oh!"
Steven says: "*giggles* Whoo-hoo!"
Steven draws his own initials "SU" in the sky in smokes from his rockets, and puts on a pair of sunglasses.
Steven says: "Those initials are looking pretty slick, Steven."
Steven says: "Whoa!"
Steven takes off his sunglasses and finds himself flying over a land of pizza.
Steven says: "Cool!"
Steven says: "A pizza dream!"
Steven says: "Hey, look!"
Steven flies down and sees a reflection of him on the shiny cheese surface.
Steven says: "It's cheese me!"
Steven says: "*dunks his hand into the cheese and laughs* Oh, gross!"
A hand suddenly emerges from the cheese and grabs onto Steven's arm.
Kiki says: "*screams* Ew, ew!"
Steven tries to fly away, unintentionally pulling the hand out of the cheese, revealing to be Kiki, coughing and gasping for air.
Steven says: "Kiki?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "*holds onto Kiki's hands properly* Are you all right?"
An arm made of cheese suddenly grabs onto Kiki's leg.
Kiki says: "My leg!"
Another cheese arm then emerges from the cheese. Steven screams and tugs harder with his rocket flip-flops. successfully pulling Kiki away from the cheese arm's grip.
Steven says: "What was that thing?!"
Steven says: "!"
Kiki says: "Keep going!"
Kiki says: "It won't give up!"
Steven says: "Wha?!"
Steven says: "!"
The cheese arms extend and try to grab Steven and Kiki, as they try to fly away. Steven then lands Kiki safely on a pepperoni.
Steven says: "I'll take care of this!"
Kiki says: "Steven, be careful!"
Steven says: "Don't worry about me!"
Steven says: "Anything is possible when you have..."
Steven says: "rockets for bones!"
Steven shoots two rockets from his elbows and destroys the cheese arms.
Kiki says: "Steven, that was so brave!"
Steven says: "Oh, hey, Dogcopter."
Dogcopter says: "Meow."
Steven says: "See ya, dream Kiki!"
Kiki says: "Oh, okay."
Kiki says: "See you, dream Steven!"
Steven says: "*snickers delightfully* Dream Steven!"
Steven rides atop Dopcopter and they both speed off into the sky.
Trans. Ext. Fish Stew Pizza, The Next Day.
Steven, now awake, strolls along the streets towards the back alley of Fish Stew Pizza.
Jenny says: "Please, Kiki, just one more time?"
Jenny says: "I seriously can't miss this show."
Jenny says: "It's Uber Rage's first concert back in the States since they got banned!"
Kiki says: "Jenny, I'm not sure."
Kiki says: "I've covered for you for almost two weeks now!"
Jenny says: "Kiki, seriously, this concert is gonna change my life!"
Jenny says: "And the ticket was, like, $40!"
Kiki says: "Is that a lot for a concert?"
Jenny says: "It's..."
Jenny says: "more than average?"
Kiki says: "Okay, I'll cover you."
Jenny says: "Yes!"
Jenny says: "*hugs Kiki* That's why you're my favorite twin!"
Kiki says: "I'm your only twin."
Jenny says: "Mwah!"
Jenny says: "I'll get you a shirt or something."
Jenny says: "*gets in her car and starts it up* Hey, Steven!"
Jenny says: "Oh, and don't tell Dad!"
Steven says: "That was really nice of you!"
Kiki says: "Yep, that's me: the nice one."
Steven says: "I came here to tell you I had the craziest dream about you last night, Kiki!"
Steven says: "I was flying around, and I pulled you out of an ocean of cheese!"
Kiki says: "And then you saved me and flew off on a rocket dog!"
Kiki says: "?"
Steven says: ""Dream Kiki" was you!"
Steven says: "?"
Kiki says: ""Dream Steven" was you!"
Kiki says: "?"
Steven says: "I'm-I'm so sorry!"
Kiki says: "No, this is great!"
Steven says: "You're not mad?"
Kiki says: "Steven, I always have that dream, and I always drown!"
Kiki says: "I haven't gotten a good night's sleep in weeks!"
Kiki says: "You're my total hero, Steven, can you do it again?"
Steven says: "Oh!"
Steven says: "Of course!"
Steven says: "I'd really love to help!"
Kiki says: "Thank goodness!"
Kiki says: "Because..."
Kiki says: "I seriously have that dream, like, every single night."
Kiki says: "*hears the phone ringing inside the pizzeria* Oh, I got to go!"
Kiki says: "Seriously, Steven, thank you so much!"
Kiki says: "See you later!"
Steven says: "In your dreams!"
Kiki says: "Ha ha!"
Kiki says: "Nice!"
Trans. Steven's Room, Night-time.
Steven goes to bed wearing a bandanna, with a determined look on his face.
Steven says: "I'm a dream warrior!"
Steven falls asleep and enters Kiki's nightmare once again.
Steven says: "Hey, Kiki!"
Steven says: "It's time to cut the cheese!"
Steven says: "Hyah!"
Steven summons a giant pizza cutter and hurls it at the cheese monster, slicing it in half.
Kiki says: "Wow!"
The next day, a refreshed Kiki greets Steven outside Fish Stew Pizza, giving him a high-five, and at night, Steven prepares to be Kiki's dream warrior again.
Steven says: "*in bed* Dream warrior!"
Steven says: "Dream warrior!"
Steven says: "*in dreamscape* Prepare yourself..."
Steven says: "for my grate-est technique yet!"
Steven says: "Hyah!"
Steven summons a giant cheese grater and attacks the cheese monster.
Kiki says: "Whoa!"
Next day, Kiki hangs out with Steven inside the pizzeria, when Jenny begs Kiki to cover for her again. At night, an increasingly tired Steven goes to sleep.
Steven says: "Dream warrior."
Steven says: "Dream warrior..."
Steven says: "Dream warrior..."
In the nightmare, Kiki is once again attacked by the cheese monster, and the exhausted Steven drifts in to her rescue.
Steven says: "Here I come."
Steven says: "*yawns* Hey, Kiki."
Steven starts biting on the cheese monster's hand, much to Kiki's confusion.
Trans. Steven's Room, Day-time.
Steven, with visible eye bags, snores and grunts as he slowly wakes up lying on the edge of his bed.
Steven says: "Huh?"
Kiki says: "Steven?"
Steven says: "Kiki?"
Kiki says: "*giggles* You're upside down!"
Kiki says: "Did you sleep okay?"
Steven says: "*yawns and sits up* Yeah, like a baby."
Steven says: "What's happening?"
Kiki says: "Here."
Steven says: "Pizza?"
Steven says: "For breakfast?"
Kiki says: "..."
Kiki says: "It's 3 o'clock."
Steven says: "Oh."
Steven says: "More of a late-afternoon lunch."
Steven says: "*takes a pizza slice and bites into it* Delicious."
Steven dozes back to sleep again and falls off the bed.
Kiki says: "AH!"
Kiki says: "*kneels down to Steven* Steven?"
Steven says: "*quickly gets up* Kiki, you got to quit your job!"
Kiki says: "What?"
Steven says: "I think you have a serious problem with pizza."
Kiki says: "I don't have a problem with pizza."
Steven says: "I don't know, Kiki."
Steven says: "I think you do!"
Steven says: "I'm sorry."
Steven says: "I- I didn't mean to yell."
Kiki says: "No, it's okay."
Kiki says: "I get it."
Kiki says: "I've been asking too much of you."
Kiki says: "I just wish these dreams would stop."
Steven says: "Maybe we've been going about this all wrong."
Kiki says: "What do you mean?"
Steven says: "Hmm."
Steven says: "We've just been looking at the toppings of the problem."
Steven says: "We've got to track this back to the sauce!"
Steven says: "But after this, I can't help you anymore, okay?"
Steven says: "I'm just too tired."
Kiki says: "I understand."
Steven says: "*smiles back* All right."
Steven says: "Tonight, we end these nightmares once and for all!"
Time-Skip - Night-time.
Steven snores in his sleep, as he enters Kiki's nightmare for a final time. He lands next Kiki in the dreamscape and they exchange determined looks.
Kiki says: "You ready, Steven?"
Steven says: "Time to cut the cheese."
Steven says: "Shing!"
Steven says: "*pulls out a pizza cutter too* Sorry for using the same pun twice."
Kiki says: "That's not a pun, but I forgive you!"
Steven and Kiki gasp as the cheese monster approaches them. They both begin fighting in confidence, slicing the cheese with their pizza cutters, until they realize its speedy regeneration.
Steven says: "Huh?"
Kiki says: "We can't keep fighting off the cheese."
Kiki says: "It just won't stop!"
Steven says: "You're right!"
Steven says: "We got to find out where all this cheese is coming from!"
Kiki says: "Oh!"
Steven says: "Oh!"
The cheese arms engulf Steven and Kiki and begin to drown them underneath, but Steven manages to burst out with his rocket flip-flops just in time. With Kiki on his back, Steven flies through the sky.
Steven says: "Look!"
Kiki says: "Huh?"
Steven and Kiki encounter a giant head of Kiki, made entirely out of melted cheese.
Steven says: "Whoa!"
Kiki says: "It's me?"
Kiki says: "Now, that is nasty."
Steven and Kiki enter the head through a hole and travel through a tunnel on a river of cheese. Several pizza-themed lifeforms begin to attack Steven and Kiki from the cheese river.
Steven says: "Aah!"
Steven says: "Anchovies!"
Steven says: "And Pepperanhas!"
Steven flies higher, avoiding the lifeforms.
Steven says: "Ahh."
Steven says: "That was close!"
Steven says: "*hears someone groaning in the distance* Who's that?!"
Steven says: "!"
Kiki says: "They sound like they're in pain!"
Kiki says: "We got to find them!"
Steven and Kiki enter a room with a large pond of cheese and lands in front of it. They stare at it when a pizza version of Jenny emerges from the cheese pond.
Kiki says: "Jenny?"
Steven says: "Jenny?"
Pizza Jenny says: "*groans* Kiki!"
Kiki says: "I'm here, Jenny!"
Kiki says: "Oh!"
Kiki reaches out to grab Pizza Jenny's hand, and cheese begin engulfing her arms.
Steven says: "Oh, no!"
Steven says: "I'll help you, Kiki!"
Kiki says: "Wait, I think she's trying to tell me something!"
Pizza Jenny says: "Kiki..."
Kiki says: "What is it, Jenny?"
Pizza Jenny says: "Thanks for delivering all those pizzas for me."
Kiki says: "Oh, it's okay."
Kiki says: "I totally don't mind."
Kiki says: "That's what twins are for."
Kiki says: "Whoa!"
A strand of cheese emerges from the cheese pond and wraps around Kiki. Kiki grunts and struggles as it attempts to drag her into the cheese pond.
Steven says: "Kiki, you're lying!"
Kiki says: "What?"
Steven says: "You totally do mind!"
Kiki says: "Aaagh, it doesn't matter!"
Steven says: "Yes, it does!"
Steven says: "Your feelings matter."
Steven says: "Just tell her "no"."
Kiki says: "Ugh, I- I can't!"
Steven says: "Why not?"
Kiki says: "I..."
Kiki says: "I don't want to let her down!"
Kiki says: "I'm her favorite twin!"
Steven says: "When I said I couldn't help you anymore after this, you understood!"
Kiki says: "But this is different."
Kiki says: "She's my sister!"
More cheese begin engulfing Kiki's body.
Steven says: "That's right!"
Steven says: "And she cares about you, too!"
Steven says: "Do you think she'd want to put you through this?"
Kiki says: "No."
Steven says: "Does she even know this is happening to you?"
Kiki says: "No!"
Steven says: "You got to tell her!"
Pizza Jenny says: "Hey, Kiki, I want to ask you something."
Pizza Jenny says: "There's gonna be a really cool cheese rave in the pizza cave tonight."
Pizza Jenny says: "I have to be there."
Pizza Jenny says: "Will you cover for me again?"
Kiki says: "..."
Kiki says: "No!"
The cheese start retracting from Kiki's body back into the pond and Pizza Jenny lets go of her hands.
Pizza Jenny says: "*groans* Okay, fine."
Pizza Jenny begins melting into the pond, as the land of pizza all around Steven and Kiki melts away too. The dreamscape slowly changes into a beach shore at night, with pizza pillars in the distance.
Steven says: "You did it!"
Kiki says: "Yeah!"
Kiki says: "All the cheese is gone!"
Kiki says: "*looks down and sees a Pepperanha* Well, most of it."
Steven and Kiki sit down on the shore and take in the beautiful view.
Kiki says: "Man, dreams are weird."
Steven says: "Yeah."
Steven says: "*yawns* They sure are."
Kiki stares at Steven as Pepperanhas chomp on him.
Trans. Ext. Fish Stew Pizza, The Next Day.
Steven walks up to the pizzeria and finds Jenny sweeping the floor and opening the restaurant for the day.
Steven says: "Hi, Jenny."
Jenny says: "Oh, hey, Steven."
Steven says: "Is Kiki around?"
Steven says: "I wanted to see if she's doing okay."
Steven says: "*yawns* I just spent all night helping her fight her inner cheese demons."
Jenny says: "*stares at Steven in confusion* I don't know what that means, but Kiki is fine."
Jenny says: "She's taking the day off."
Jenny says: "This morning, we had a twin talk."
Jenny says: "She said I was using up all her "me" time, and I was like, if you're just gonna spend your "me" time running anyway, you might as well carry some pizzas for me."
Jenny says: "But I can't say no to my favorite twin."
Steven says: "So where is she?"
Steven and Jenny turn and see Kiki on the beach, jogging and enjoying herself. Steven sighs deeply in relief.
Jenny says: "She deserves a break after working so hard for me."
Jenny says: "Right, Steven?"
Jenny turns to Steven and notices that he has dozed off, snoring while standing upright.
Jenny says: "Steven?"
Jenny pokes Steven with her broom to try to get a response, to no success. The star iris then closes onto Steven's face, ending the episode.
END.