Open Int. Beta Kindergarten.
The Crystal Gems are looking through the Kindergarten for leftover Corrupted Gems, previously captured and imprisoned here by Jasper. Steven and Peridot walks up to a cage in the cliff face.
Steven says: "Here's another one!"
The other Gems are in front of another cage, ready to beat up a Corrupted Gem inside.
Garnet says: "Got it, Steven!"
Garnet says: "Ready..."
Garnet says: "Go!"
The Gems charge into the cage and begin to fight the Corrupted Gem.
Amethyst says: "Grab its legs!"
Garnet says: "That's not a leg!"
Amethyst says: "Ow!"
The Gems successfully poof the Corrupted Gem and exit the cage, with Garnet holding the gemstone in a bubble.
Pearl says: "It's a little disturbing that Jasper was just keeping these Corrupted Gems in cages."
Amethyst says: "Isn't that what we're doing?"
Pearl says: "That's different."
Garnet says: "They're cared for in the stasis of the bubble."
Garnet says: "As long as they're bubbled, they can't hurt anyone, and they won't suffer."
Garnet says: "*sends the bubbled gem away* It's what Rose wanted."
Steven and Peridot stay outside of the cage they found and watch the Corrupted Gem inside.
Steven says: "Huh."
Steven says: "I guess this is the last of them."
Inside, a bipedal, avian-esque Gem monster snarls with her tongues stuck out, as she erratically runs around and falls over on her head.
Peridot says: "*laughs*] I can't believe these dumb things used to be Gems!"
Garnet says: "*walks over* Pearl, Amethyst, get ready."
Garnet says: "*beckons the other Gems over* This one is flighty."
Steven says: "Are Corrupted Gems not like this on Homeworld?"
Peridot says: "We don't have anything like this on Homeworld."
Garnet says: "Here we go!"
Garnet pulls the metal bar of the cage, and the Tongue Monster immediately charges out, slamming into Garnet.
Steven says: "Garnet!"
As the Tongue Monster runs away, Amethyst tries to reel her back with her whip, but gets dragged off along. Pearl begins shooting energy blasts at the Tongue Monster with her spear to no success. The Tongue Monster runs back, sending Amethyst colliding into Pearl. The Tongue Monster then scales up the cliff to higher ground, snarls and successfully retreats. Peridot begins laughing at the Gems' failure.
Peridot says: "That was terrible!"
Pearl says: "This is harder than it looks, you know!"
Peridot says: "How could you all be outsmarted by that thing?"
Garnet says: "Uh, we don't need the play by play."
Garnet says: "Mistakes happen, even when you can see the future."
Amethyst says: "Yeah, Peridot."
Amethyst says: "Let's see you do better."
Peridot says: "Well, I saved all your butts from Jasper."
Peridot says: "I suppose I could help you here, too."
Garnet says: "Feel free."
Peridot says: "This'll be a great chance to show off my metal powers!"
Garnet says: "Then our work here is done."
Steven says: "Uh, I-I'm..."
Steven says: "umm..."
Amethyst says: "Are you seriously going to help her?"
Steven says: "It's just..."
Steven says: "She's all alone out there, with no idea what she's doing."
Pearl says: "Oh, Peridot will be fine."
Steven says: "I meant the monster!"
Garnet says: "*chuckles to herself* Okay."
Garnet says: "Take as long as you need."
Pearl says: "Uh, Garnet, are you sure?"
Pearl and Amethyst chase after Garnet, and Steven runs up to Peridot, who is currently devising a plan.
Steven says: "Wait!"
Peridot says: "Did the others ask you to bring me back?"
Steven says: "No, I came to help!"
Steven says: "It usually takes all of us to capture a Corrupted Gem."
Peridot says: "That's because you try to out-brute it."
Peridot says: "We're going to outsmart it!"
Steven says: "So..."
Steven says: "I can help?"
Peridot says: "I could use your experience dealing with these things."
Peridot says: "It just doesn't seem fair."
Steven says: "Why's that?"
Peridot says: "With you and me teaming up, that thing won't stand a chance."
Steven and Peridot begin to laugh triumphantly.
Steven says: "Yeah!"
The Tongue Monster suddenly runs through Peridot and Steven, knocking them onto the air. The pair falls back onto the ground and quickly gets up.
Peridot says: "After it!"
Peridot and Steven give chase, crawl behind a rock and peek over it.
Peridot says: "What's it doing?"
Peridot and Steven spot the Tongue Monster in the distance, staring at one of the Injectors hanging off the side of the cliff.
Steven says: "Maybe it likes shiny things?"
Peridot says: "This is perfect!"
Peridot says: "I've just concocted a flawless Peri-plan!"
Steven says: "So what's the P."
Steven says: "P."
Steven says: "?"
Peridot says: "If I use my metal powers, the whole thing will fall onto the monster!"
Steven says: "Give it a try!"
Peridot says: "*begins to tamper with one of the Injector's legs* Carefully..."
Peridot manages to remove one of the legs, dropping it to the ground. The Injector remains hanging on the cliff wall, while the Tongue Monster looks at the metal legin confusion.
Steven says: "It's..."
Steven says: "not falling."
Peridot says: "Maybe another leg needs to go."
Peridot removes another leg, resulting in the aforementioned result.
Peridot says: "*growls in frustration* Fall!"
Peridot says: "You..."
Peridot says: "stupid..."
Peridot says: "!"
Two more legs are removed. Again, nothing happens, and the Tongue Monster decides to venture somewhere else.
Peridot says: "Oh come on!"
Peridot says: "*grunts, walks underneath the Injector and starts kicking the wall* Fall already!"
As Peridot kicks the wall, the area the Injector is embedded in begins to crack.
Steven says: "Peridot, watch out!"
Peridot says: "Oh, right."
Peridot says: "Thank you."
Peridot steps away from underneath the Injector, kicks the wall again, and a bunch of boulders fall on top of her.
Steven says: "Uh, Peridot!"
Steven runs over to Peridot but is greeted by the Tongue Monster, running back in front of him.
Peridot says: "*pops hers face out of the boulders* There it is!"
Peridot says: "Get it!"
Steven summons his shield, but the Tongue Monster immediately starts attacking him with her talons.
Peridot says: "Keep distracting it!"
Peridot says: "I'll finish it off!"
Peridot climbs out of the boulders, and immediately, the Injector falls on top of her. A beaten-up Steven walks over to check on Peridot, while the Tongue Monster flees away again.
Steven says: "You okay?"
Peridot says: "I think we need to..."
Peridot says: "revise our strategy."
Peridot says: "Bleh..."
Fade to Black; Time-Skip.
Steven and Peridot stands on top of the cliff, underneath the bright sun.
Peridot says: "Are you ready for the second Peri-plan?"
Steven says: "The first one..."
Steven says: "wasn't so great."
Peridot says: "Yes, noted, Steven."
Peridot says: "But this plan is even more flawless!"
Peridot says: "I cannibalized the Injector to make a rudimentary cannon!"
Peridot says: "Observe."
Peridot activates the cannon, which shoots a large object up into the sky and into the yonder.
Steven says: "Whoa!"
Steven says: "Impressive!"
Peridot says: "You got that right."
Peridot says: "This way, we can take it out from a distance!"
Steven says: "*spots the Tongue Monster running in* Oh, there it is!"
Peridot says: "I got it!"
The Tongue Monster notices Steven and Peridot and snarls with her tongues in the air in response. Peridot aims the cannon towards the Tongue Monster.
Peridot says: "Heh, you clod."
Peridot activates the cannon, but it does not shoot at all.
Peridot says: "Huh?"
Peridot says: "*starts banging her fist on the cannon* Work, you stupid- Argh!"
The cannon fires, the resulting recoil sending it backwards into Peridot, crashing her into the wall behind her and creating a mini-avalanche of boulders. The Tongue Monster then approaches Steven.
Steven says: "Uhh..."
Steven says: "hey."
Steven says: "You win this round."
The Tongue Monster attacks Steven again, as he screams in fright.
Fade to Black; Time-Skip.
Peridot and Steven, both visibly roughened-up, stand near the edge of a cliff, next a giant boulder.
Peridot says: "Okay."
Peridot says: "I've analyzed the problems with the previous two Peri-plans."
Peridot says: "Relying on the Injectors introduced too many complicating variables."
Peridot says: "Now we only have to rely on simple physics!"
Peridot says: "We'll wait until it gets right up under us, not suspecting a thing, because it's so dumb!"
Peridot says: "And then we'll drop this rock on its stupid head!"
Peridot says: "It's even more flawless!"
Peridot says: "And at this height, nothing can fall on us!"
Steven says: "What if it doesn't stop where we want it to?"
Peridot says: "I'm doing the best I can, Steven!"
The Tongue Monster suddenly appears behind Steven and Peridot and snarls loudly, scaring them off the cliff. The Tongue Monster then taps on the giant boulder, causing it to fall as well. Peridot screams as she face-plants onto the ground, while Steven gently floats down.
The giant boulder falls onto Peridot, flattening her onto it, and rolls off carrying her away. Steven gives chase until he and Peridot come across an eroded formation of sandstone resembling a loop-de-loop. The giant boulder goes around the loop-de-loop and collides into Steven, as he quickly protects himself with the bubble. Steven's bubble goes around the loop and collides into the boulder, freeing Peridot, and it goes half-way up the loop.
The giant boulder falls on Peridot on the ground, and Steven pops his bubble in shock.
Steven says: "You don't poof easily, huh?"
Peridot says: "Us Peridots are tougher than we look!"
Fade to Black; Time-Skip - Night-time.
Steven is cooking marshmallows on a stick over a bonfire, while Peridot is celebrating her latest devised plan in the distance.
Peridot says: "Yes!"
Peridot says: "This is going to work."
Peridot says: "This is going to be perfect!"
Peridot says: "This is going to be..."
A crude construction of the Injector is shown, which quickly falls apart without proper support.
Peridot says: "..."
Peridot says: "A waste of my time."
Peridot walks over to Steven, who is enjoying his marshmallows.
Peridot says: "Why can't I master this?"
Steven says: "Aw, Peridot, it's okay."
Steven says: "Even if none of your Peri-plans worked, at least they were really funny."
Steven says: "The others will probably think so, too, when we go back and get 'em."
Peridot says: "Go back?"
Peridot says: "Let it be known that I, Peridot, refuse to move forward or back until I am victorious."
Steven says: "*rolls his eyes* Right."
Peridot says: "I don't get it."
Peridot says: "I'm smarter than your average Peridot."
Peridot says: "How did I fail today against some barely functional, stupid, cloddy, dumb-dumb?!"
Peridot says: "!"
Steven says: "Hey, hey, corruptions aren't dumb."
Steven says: "They just think a little different, that's all."
Peridot says: "Okay, just to make sure my Earth vocabulary is correct on this..."
Peridot says: "let's say I'm a monster."
Peridot says: "I spend all my time slamming my face into hard objects and throwing my tongues in the air for fun."
Peridot says: "How am I not..."
Peridot says: "dumb?"
Steven says: "Well, she must be doing something right."
Steven says: "She hasn't fallen for any of your Peri-plans."
Peridot frowns in sheer embarrassment.
Peridot says: "It's luck!"
Peridot says: "Nothing that thing does makes any sense!"
Peridot kicks away a nearby stone and begins to ponder in frustration. Steven then throws a piece of marshmallow at Peridot.
Peridot says: "Hey."
Steven taunts the anticipation of another marshmallow and throws another one at Peridot. He eventually starts throwing dozens of them at Peridot.
Peridot says: "*growling angrily* Why are you bombarding me with your confectionery puff rocks?!"
Peridot says: "!"
Steven says: "To show you what it's like to be a monster!"
Steven says: "Pretend I'm a freaked-out human screaming at you in fear!"
Steven says: "Pretend I'm an Earth animal chasing you away from your first safe hiding spot!"
Steven says: "Pretend I'm an angry green Gem trying to poof you!"
Steven says: "This is life for you now!"
Steven says: "End-less suffering!"
Peridot keeps growling in anger as Steven throws marshmallows at her, She eventually breaks and snatches the marshmallows bag away from Steven. She chews on the bag and waves it around in a fit of anger like a wild dog, proving Steven's point.
Steven says: "There!"
Steven says: "You see?"
Peridot says: "Yeah."
Steven says: "What you're doing makes total sense!"
Steven says: "You remember what it was like to have everything important taken away?"
Steven says: "Being under attack?"
Steven says: "Feeling trapped?"
Steven says: "You were frustrated."
Steven says: "So is she!"
Steven says: "Why don't you try thinking about all of this from her point of view?"
Peridot says: "Hmm..."
Time-Skip - Day-time.
The Tongue Monster is seen shooting her tongues into the air as Steven and Peridot spy on her from behind a rock.
Steven says: "You can do it."
Peridot walks over to the Tongue Monster, and the two stare at each other intently.
Peridot says: "Ugh."
Peridot says: "I can't take this dirty tongue-flapper seriously."
Steven says: "Think..."
Steven says: "like..."
Steven says: "a monster."
Peridot, after some consideration, begins to "think like a monster" and shoot her tongue in the air. The Tongue Monster approves of Peridot, as she bounces on the spot and shoots her tongues in the air. Peridot hops over and the two shoot their tongues together as playtime.
Steven says: "Aww."
While the Tonugue Monster is snarling and shooting her tongues, Peridot sneaks up to the distracted monster and kicks her, triggering her into a frenzy and begins attacking Peridot. Steven gasps in shock and runs over, as Peridot clings to the monster's face.
Steven says: "It's okay!"
Steven says: "We don't want to fight!"
Steven says: "Just let Peridot bubble you!"
Steven is inadvertently knocked away in his bubble shield by the Tongue Monster. Peridot grabs onto the monster's leg, and she begins running off, dragging a screaming Peridot along. Steven gives chase as the two run around the loop-de-loop sandstone formation and eventually to the edge of a cliff.
Steven says: "No, no, no, no, no!"
Peridot continues to wrestle with the Tongue Monster, as she tries to keep her balance on the cliff edge.
Peridot says: "Give me..."
Peridot says: "that..."
Peridot says: "gem!"
The Tongue Monster eventually slips and falls off the cliff, taking Peridot with her.
Steven says: "Peridot!"
Steven watches as Peridot and the Tongue Monster plummet into the canyon below, landing on the ground with a cloud of dust. Steven gasps in horror and floats down to the ground, finding a hole in shape of both Peridot and the monster. Peridot then climbs out of the hole, holding the gemstone of the Tongue Monster, presumably poofed from the fall.
Peridot says: "*pants heavily* I did it."
Steven sighs in relief and helps Peridot out of the hole. Garnet then walks into the scene.
Steven says: "Oh, hey."
Steven says: "You're back!"
Garnet says: "Eh, we never really left."
Garnet points at a rock behind her, and Pearl and Amethyst pops out.
Amethyst says: "We knew it'd be funny."
Garnet says: "*takes off her visor, revealing her third eye* Future vision."
Peridot says: "Y-You were all watching this whole time?"
Peridot blushes and looks down at the gem in her hand.
Peridot says: "I told you I could do it."
Peridot says: "But I have to admit, it was more difficult than expected."
Peridot says: "This Corrupted Gem was truly an adversary worthy of my skill."
Peridot inadvertently bubbles the gem in her hand.
Steven says: "Whoa!"
Steven says: "Peridot!"
Amethyst says: "Nice bubble, Peri!"
Peridot says: "W-What do I do with it?"
Garnet says: "Send it off."
Steven says: "Just tap the top."
Peridot does so, and the bubble travels elsewhere.
Steven says: "Happy trails!"
Peridot says: "So, where did it go?"
Steven says: "Home."
Trans. Int. The Barn.
Lapis is reading a book titled "Pretty Hairstylist", as the bubbled gem appears on the ceiling. She notices the bubble, glances at it briefly, and continues reading her book. The star iris then zooms in on the bubble, ending the episode.
END.