Open Int. Beach House.
Steven and Amethyst are seen discussing in the living room.
Steven says: "And then we go into the tricks."
Amethyst says: "Alright."
Amethyst says: "But I really think we should save the Dog Walker for next time."
Steven says: "This is our first impression."
Steven says: "We gotta go big."
Steven says: "A-And we should go soon, too, before they get suspicious."
Steven glances at Pearl and Garnet, who are making a pie in the kitchen.
Pearl says: "Those two are acting very suspicious."
Pearl says: "Should we ask them what's going on?"
Garnet says: "I can't."
Pearl says: "Riiight..."
Pearl says: "Steven, Amethyst!"
Pearl says: "Is there something you'd like to tell us?"
Steven says: "So you guys know how we recently had an epic showdown in the Beta Kindergarten."
Amethyst says: "And you know that during it, we beat Jasper."
Steven says: "But do you know, who beat Jasper?"
Amethyst says: "But do you know, who beat Jasper?"
Pearl says: "You two?"
Garnet says: "Peridot."
Amethyst says: "It didn't land."
Steven says: "Pick it back up, pick it back up!"
Amethyst says: "Ahem."
Amethyst says: "We have someone we'd like you to meet!"
Pearl says: "Alright, let's meet this mysterious stranger."
Garnet and Pearl walk over to sit on the living room couch. Steven and Amethyst grab each other's hand and begin to fuse.
Smoky says: "Heya, I'm Smoky Quartz!"
Smoky says: "Nice to meet ya."
Garnet and Pearl are dumbfounded by Smoky's entrance.
Pearl says: "AAAAAWOAHHH WHAAAAT???"
Smoky says: "Don't bother putting your socks back on, 'cause I'm about to knock 'em off again."
Garnet begins smiling with sheer joy, while Pearl continues to mumble in shock.
Smoky says: "Now you guys can see exactly how I beat Jasper."
Smoky says: "This is a little trick I like to call "Walk the Dog"!"
Smoky rolls their yo-yo across the floor smashing it into the wall.
Pearl says: "Wait!"
Pearl says: "Explain EVERYTHING!"
Garnet picks up Pearl and starts shaking her while yelling happily.
Smoky says: "*summons a second yo-yo* This one's called "Jog the Dog"!"
One yo-yo smashes through the pie ingredients on the kitchen counter, and the other shatters Steven's TV.
Pearl says: "Oh.."
Pearl says: "NO!"
Smoky says: "Whoops!"
Smoky says: "*summons a third yo-yo* Uh, this one's called "Dog-Walking Is Just My Day Job 'til I Finally Get That Callback"!"
Pearl says: "Garnet, a little help?"
Pearl and Garnet instantly fuse into Sardonyx and she catches all three of Smoky's yo-yos.
Sardonyx says: "Mnh-mnh-mnh!"
Smoky says: "*gasps* Sardonyx!"
Sardonyx says: "You know the rule about weapons in the house!"
Sardonyx says: "Mostly allowed, really, but with some exceptions."
Smoky dispels their yo-yos in dismay.
Sardonyx says: "Oh what a pleasure it is to meet you!"
Sardonyx says: "*shakes' Smoky's hand* You've made quite the impression already."
Sardonyx says: "In fact, there's one on the wall over there, and there..."
Sardonyx twists her body around to point out all the holes Smoky caused with their yo-yos.
Smoky says: "Uh..."
Smoky says: "Sorry, looks like I got a bit carried away."
Smoky says: "I can uh..."
Smoky says: ""reel it in"."
Sardonyx says: "Oh-ho-ho-ho-hooo!"
Sardonyx says: "Stop!"
Sardonyx says: "*inches in towards Smoky* But really, please stop."
Sardonyx says: "Your act is tremendous, but your stage is too small."
Sardonyx says: "We need some space to get to know each other."
Sardonyx says: "*crawls towards the Temple Gate* Somewhere a bit more..."
Sardonyx says: "infinite."
Pearl's and Garnet's symbols light on on the door, and it opens up, turning into a set of curtains.
Smoky says: "You have a room in the temple?"
Sardonyx says: "It exists as long as I exist."
Sardonyx says: "And here.."
Sardonyx says: "I am!"
Sardonyx crouches and squeezes her way through the door, using her lower set of hands to push herself all the way in. She then sticks out her hand and beckons Smoky.
Sardonyx says: "Come now, don't be shy!"
Smoky says: "Bwooop!"
Trans. Int. Sardonyx's Room.
Smoky and Sardonyx enter a pitch black chamber, with only their eyes visible in the darkness.
Smoky says: "I can't see nothin' in here."
Sardonyx says: "You "cannot see anything", my darling."
Sardonyx says: "Because the show hasn't started yet!"
Smoky says: ""Show"?"
Sardonyx says: "Live, from a metaphysical room deep in the temple, it's "Sardonyx Tonight"!"
A neon sign reading "Sardonyx Tonight" hangs above a talk-show styled room, consisting of a large desk and a comfortable sofa chair, which Smoky is sitting in. Sardonyx greets an audience under a spotlight while holding a microphone.
Sardonyx says: "Goooood evening, everybody!"
The room fills with cheers from the audience.
Sardonyx says: "We have a brand-new fusion with us tonight!"
Sardonyx says: "I'm so excited, I could just shatter!"
Sardonyx throws her microphone off-stage; a crash and a cat's yowl are heard, implying the microphone hitting a cat off-screen. Sardonyx then walks over to the desk and crouches behind it.
Sardonyx says: "Everyone welcome Smoky Quartz!"
The audience claps and cheers, and Smoky waves sheepishly.
Sardonyx says: "So tell me literally everything there is to know about yourself, and do not skip out on any of the juicy details."
The audience woos in anticipation and cheers.
Smoky says: "Well..."
Smoky says: "heh..."
Smoky says: "I like, uh, long walks through the Kindergarten."
A small laughter is heard from the audience.
Smoky says: "Uh, actually that's where I sort of- pow- became me."
Smoky says: "And, uh, pow!"
Smoky says: "- Beat Jasper."
Sardonyx says: "Oh, that Jasper!"
Sardonyx says: "Always running 'round Kindergartens and causing trouble!"
Sardonyx says: "Boy, that didn't quite work out for her."
Sardonyx says: "Guess she should go back to preschool, am I right, folks!"
Sardonyx says: "?"
The audience laughs loudly.
Smoky says: "Yeah."
Smoky says: "She lost her mind in a corrupted fusion."
Smoky says: "I guess you could say she has a..."
Smoky says: "short fuse?"
Sardonyx and the audience laugh together..
Smoky says: "A-ha!"
Smoky says: "Easy crowd, huh?"
Smoky says: "Where'd you get 'em?"
Sardonyx says: "I made them myself."
There is an uneasy silence as Smoky sips uncomfortably..
Sardonyx says: "But Smoky, I think what we really want to know is, who are you?"
Sardonyx says: "Who is..."
Sardonyx says: "Smoky Quartz?"
Smoky says: "Eh."
Smoky says: "Well, between the fight and now, I've really only existed for like ten minutes, so I..."
Smoky says: "I dunno, but I do know how to do this!"
Smoky says: "*summons a yo-yo* This one's called "Sad Baby in a Diaper"!"
Smoky says: "Pow!"
The audience applauds.
Sardonyx says: "Yes, the yo-yo."
Sardonyx says: "Seen it, lived it, loved it, but what about the rest of your game?"
Smoky says: "I ain't exactly a deck of cards here."
The audience laughs.
Smoky says: "Oh!"
Smoky says: "I can lick my elbow."
Smoky says: "I have three of them now!"
Smoky says: "Ahhh!"
Sardonyx says: "We'll be right back after a word from our sponsors!"
Smoky says: "Huh?"
Sardonyx says: "Listen Smoky, let's talk."
Sardonyx says: "Fusion-to-fusion."
Sardonyx says: "*starts applying make-up on herself* That's a nice yo-yo, but I want to know the yo-you."
Smoky says: "What?"
Sardonyx says: "Smoky."
Sardonyx says: "There's bound to be way more to you than just..."
Sardonyx says: "a yo-yo."
Sardonyx says: "*tosses her make-up kit away, causing a loud crash of broken glass, and reaches behind her back* You're a fusion, you're full of surprises!"
Sardonyx says: "*pulls a pencil in each hand from her back* You just don't know it yet."
Smoky says: "Yeah."
Smoky says: "Yeah I guess that is how surprises work!"
Sardonyx taps the pencils on the desk in thought, when her eyes widens with inspiration.
Sardonyx says: "I've got it!"
Sardonyx says: "*throws the pencils away, and a "Wilhelm Scream" is heard* Every fusion gets something new: a new power, a new weapon..."
Smoky says: "Like a yo-yo?"
Sardonyx says: "Yes..."
Sardonyx says: "but better."
Sardonyx says: "Let's find out what's new about you!"
Sardonyx snaps her fingers and the spotlight comes back on. The audience cheers as the talk show continues.
Sardonyx says: "And welcome back!"
Sardonyx says: "Don't those cartoon characters make you want to buy those products?"
Sardonyx says: "I sure hope so, or else I'd be off air!"
Sardonyx and the audience laugh out loud.
Sardonyx says: "We have a new segment for you all tonight."
Sardonyx says: "That's right, everyone, it's time to Hit!"
Sardonyx says: "That!"
Sardonyx says: "Bird!"
A large mountain-shaped prop appears with spring-loaded bird targets on it, and Sardonyx and Smoky walk up to it.
Sardonyx says: "During Opal's adventures at the Sky Spire, she took down a flock of bird monsters with her bow."
As Sardonyx is making her presentation, a monitor drops in, playing a video clip of Giant Woman of the said event, captioned with "Footage Courtesy of Cartoon Network".
Sardonyx says: "Let's see if you've got her 'Opal'escent aim."
Sardonyx says: "Whaddya say, Smoky?"
Sardonyx says: "Are you ready to "Hit That Bird"?"
Sardonx hands Smoky a bow and a quiver with four arrows.
Smoky says: "Oh!"
Smoky says: "Oh wow, a bow is kinda like a yo-yo, right?"
Smoky says: "Except if the string went this-a-ways and hmm..."
Sardonyx says: "Mm-hmm, let's start, shall we?"
Sardonyx says: "*pulls out an alarm clock* Time is an impatient thing!"
The game segment starts, Smoky takes aim and begins shooting arrows, however, missing every shot. Two arrows nearly hit Sardonyx, when the alarm clock goes off.
Sardonyx says: "Uh-oh!"
Sardonyx says: "Time's up!"
Sardonyx says: "Let's see."
Sardonyx says: "The score tallies to..."
Sardonyx says: "*does a quick calculation in her head and sighs sadly* one, two, three..."
Sardonyx says: "zero."
The audience "awwws" in disappointment.
Smoky says: "Guess I'm a real..."
Smoky says: ""bow-zo"?"
The audience laughs in reponse.
Sardonyx says: "Whaddya say we move on to the next segment, everybody?"
(Sardonyx throws away the alarm clock says: "Pearl, Stevonnie, Garnet, Opal, and Sugilite at the top."
while Smoky throws away the bow says: "Pearl, Stevonnie, Garnet, Opal, and Sugilite at the top."
quiver says: "Pearl, Stevonnie, Garnet, Opal, and Sugilite at the top."
resulting in more comedic noises. Sardonyx then leads Smoky to a high striker says: "Pearl, Stevonnie, Garnet, Opal, and Sugilite at the top."
with pictures on the score bar indicating the strength levels from lowest to highest says: "Pearl, Stevonnie, Garnet, Opal, and Sugilite at the top."
(Sardonyx throws away the alarm clock says: ")"
while Smoky throws away the bow says: ")"
quiver says: ")"
resulting in more comedic noises. Sardonyx then leads Smoky to a high striker says: ")"
with pictures on the score bar indicating the strength levels from lowest to highest says: ")"
Sardonyx says: "Here we are!"
Sardonyx says: "I call this segment..."
Sugilite Voiceover.
Sardonyx says: "'Cause everybody loves a callback."
Sardonyx says: "*snaps her fingers*  *whispering to someone "off-stage"* She's not..."
Sardonyx says: "actually in this episode, do we still have to pay her?"
Sardonyx says: "Yes?"
Sardonyx says: "Fair enough."
Sardonyx says: "*thinks for a bit*  Now it's no secret that us fine fusions pack an extra punch, but Sugilite is a standout for being a heavy-hitting powerhouse!"
Sardonyx says: "But maybe you've got something to top Sugilite's swing?"
Smoky says: "Mmm..."
Smoky says: "maybe?"
Sardonyx spins a mallet, styled like Sugilite's flail, in the air and hands it to Smoky.
Sardonyx says: "Just hit the base with this mallet, and we'll see how you measure up."
Smoky says: "Okay!"
Snoky walks up to the high striker and prepares themselves. They then slams the mallet on the base, and the puck reaches up to Pearl's picture.
Sugilite Voiceover.
The audience "awwws" in disappointment.
Smoky says: "Hush..."
Sardonyx says: "Ooh, very close."
Sardonyx says: "An extra spin around always helps me!"
The audience and Sardonyx laugh together.
Smoky says: "An extra spin, huh?"
Smoky says: "Okay..."
Smoky spins around once and brings the mallet down harder. The puck manages to reach between Stevonnie and Garnet on the score bar.
Sugilite Voiceover.
Smoky says: "What?!"
Smoky says: "!"
Smoky says: "One more time."
Smoky slams the mallet one final time, and the puck reaches Garnet's picture.
Sugilite Voiceover.
Sardonyx says: "Hmm..."
Sardonyx says: "Yes."
Sardonyx says: "Something just isn't hitting right here."
Sardonyx says: "Maybe you're just strong, ♪ in a different way~ ♪ We'll find out in just a moment."
Sardonyx says: "Play us over to stage right, Jorge."
Smoky says: "Uuhh..."
Sardonyx says: "*leads Smoky away* Okay, don't worry about that crowd."
Sardonyx says: "Don't worry about Jorge."
Sardonyx says: "It's just you and me."
Smoky says: "Heh."
Smoky says: "No duh."
Smoky says: "Actually, who's Jorge?"
Sardonyx says: "Smoky, you're holding out on me."
Sardonyx says: "I'm ready to see your main event!"
Smoky says: "Eh."
Smoky says: "You and me both."
Sardonyx leads Smoky to a bulls-eye target hanging from a rope.
Sardonyx says: "Now, Alexandrite has a throat full of flames."
Sardonyx says: "Whether that's the cause of her raspy voice is up for debate."
As Sardonyx speaks, a video clip of Super Watermelon Island is shown, of Alexandrite fighting Malachite.
Sardonyx says: "But there's no room for questions when she attacks, exhaling a burning blaze."
Sardonyx says: "So I call this segment..."
Sardonyx says: ""Breath of Fire"!"
Smoky says: "Uh, Sardonyx..."
Smoky says: "I don't know..."
Sardonyx says: "C'mon Smoky."
Sardonyx says: "Step up and see if you can spit some elemental chaos at the target!"
Smoky takes a few deep breaths, leans forward and lets out a small burp, causing the bulls-eye to wave slightly. A member of the audience coughs in awkwardness and Smoky lets out an embarrassed laugh.
Sardonyx says: "Ha ha, we seem to be experiencing some magical difficulties, but don't change the channel!"
Sardonyx says: "There must be some common thread between Steven and Amethyst that's heightened by their fusion..."
Smoky says: "I dunno, Sards, I guess zero plus zero equals zero."
The audience laughs at Smoky's joke.
Sardonyx says: "Something they both think, something they both do."
Smoky says: "They say two wrongs don't make a right."
Smoky says: "I guess I'm living proof that that's true!"
The audience continues laughing at Smoky.
Smoky says: "I'm just one big, super-wrong, good-for-nothing dud with a yo-yo!"
The audience's laughter gets louder as Sardonyx looks around uncomfortably at Smoky and her self-deprecating humor.
Sardonyx says: "*speaking to herself* They want to impress us..."
Sardonyx says: "They were planning this all morning; we hijacked the show!"
Sardonyx says: "I was excited!"
Sardonyx says: "IT'S NOT ABOUT..."
Sardonyx says: "US!!!"
Sardonyx covers her face in guilt as the studio goes completely black. Smoky watches as Sardonyx unfuses and separates back into Garnet and Pearl. The room then lights up and immediately begins falling apart.
Smoky says: "What's happening?!"
Smoky says: "!"
Garnet says: "It's Sardonyx!"
Garnet says: "If she's not here, the room can't exist!"
Pearl says: "Garnet!"
Garnet says: "Pearl!"
The "Sardonyx Tonight" sign collapses between Garnet and Pearl, blowing a huge hole in the floor, and the two Gems are trapped on the ledges. Smoky spots the curtain door and quickly rushes towards Pearl to grab her. They summons their yo-yo, does some tricks with it, and throws it through the curtain door, as it begins to glitch. They then swings on the rope of the yo-yo, grabbing Garnet on the way, and swings towards the door. The three of them pass through the temple door and tumbles into the living room, causing Smoky to unfuse into Steven and Amethyst. The four groans in pain as they slowly get up.
Steven says: "Sorry for the rough landing."
Amethyst says: "Ugggh..."
Pearl says: "What are you talking about?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Garnet says: "That was amazing!"
Garnet pats Steven's head and he giggles.
Pearl says: "*hugs Amethyst* Oh Amethyst!"
Pearl says: "You've been such a good influence on him!"
Amethyst says: "It's..."
Amethyst says: "kinda the other way around."
Garnet says: "You didn't tell us that yo-yo can grapple."
Steven says: "It can do so much stuff!"
Pearl says: "Wait, so do you use it like a lasso or a flail?"
Amethyst says: "It's better than a flail!"
Steven says: "It's a toy!"
Pearl says: "It's so unexpected."
Garnet says: "Give us the play-by-play."
Amethyst says: "So..."
Amethyst says: "there we were..."
The scene cuts to outside of the Beach House as Amethyst begins to retell the tale. The star iris then closes on the Beach House's door, ending the episode.
END.