Open Ext. Beach House.
Connie and Lion are seen on the porch of the Beach House. Lion is lounging around, and Connie is standing beside him, carrying a backpack, Rose's Sword, and wearing her father's jacket.
Connie says: "*calling out* Steven, come on!"
Steven emerges out of the house, carrying a white package with a pink bow.
Steven says: "Sorry."
Steven says: "I just had to make sure I had everything."
Steven grabs one of his teddy bears off-screen and places it on top of the package.
Steven says: "*walks out of the house* I bet Lars will really appreciate this package his parents put together for him."
Steven says: "And MC Bear Bear!"
Steven says: "To hug if he gets scared."
Steven puts the package in Connie's backpack.
Connie says: "I'm so excited we're finally going to have a space adventure together."
Connie says: "*closes her backpack* Steven and Connie in space!"
Steven says: "I'm not so sure this is gonna be an adventure."
Steven says: "Last time I saw Lars, he was huddled up in a dark cave with some other Homeworld fugitives."
Connie says: "*looks down* Oh."
Connie says: "Yeah."
Connie says: "*puts back on her backpack* Well, I'm ready for anything."
Steven says: "Lion."
Steven says: "You ready?"
Lion stands up and rolls over, exposing his belly and making a purr-like noise. Steven and Connie gazes in admiration of his cuteness.
Connie says: "Eee!"
Steven says: "Oh, my gah."
Steven and Connie compose themselves and look at each other seriously.
Steven says: "We have to stay on task."
Connie says: "Mm."
Lion rolls upright, and Steven and Connie enters his mane.
Trans. Int. Pink Dimension.
Steven and Connie emerge from the pink savannah, holding their breaths. They spot "Lars' tree" in the distance and nod at each other.
Trans. Int. Unknown Spaceship.
Steven and Connie, holding hands, fall out of Lars' hair and land on the floor.
Steven says: "Aah!"
Connie says: "Waah!"
Steven and Connie turn over and notice Lars is sitting in a chair, wearing a uniform.
Lars says: "*surprised*Steven?"
Steven says: "*confused* Lars?"
(Steven says: "a green Gem with a green, square, faceted gem where her right eye would be."
Connie look to their side as they hear someone speaking on a live video feed in the ship says: "a green Gem with a green, square, faceted gem where her right eye would be."
(Steven says: ")"
Connie look to their side as they hear someone speaking on a live video feed in the ship says: ")"
Green Gem says: "*yelling angrily at Lars* It's over!"
Green Gem says: "I've got you now, you miserable Off Colors!"
Lars says: "*gets up and points at the Gem* You'll never take us alive, Emerald!"
Steven says: "W-What is..."
Steven says: "going on?"
Steven and Connie look around the green interior of the spaceship they are currently in, and spot the Off-Colors controlling the control panels of the ship.
Padparadscha says: "*looks up and raises her hands* Captain, I'm having a vision."
Padparadscha says: "We're about to be discovered..."
Padparadscha says: "by Emerald!"
Steven says: "W-Wait."
Connie says: "W-Wait."
Steven says: "Captain?!"
Connie says: "Captain?!"
Steven says: "!"
Connie says: "!"
Steven and Connie look at Lars in sheer awe, seeing he is in command of a Gem spaceship.
Lars says: "Thanks Padparadscha."
Lars says: "Fluorite, how are the engines looking?"
Fluorite says: "*from the staircase to the lower floor* Let..."
Fluorite says: "me..."
Fluorite says: "check..."
Fluorite descends down to the lower floor to inspect on the ship engine.
Lars says: "Twins, fire up the nova thrusters!"
Rutile Twins says: "Yes, captain!"
Rutile Twins says: "Right away, captain!"
[Title Introduction says: ""THE RUTILE TWINS: TWO PILOTS."
[Title Introduction says: "ONE GEM."
Emerald says: "No!"
Emerald says: "No!"
Emerald says: "Those are my nova thrusters!"
Emerald says: "That is my ship!"
Lars says: "Rhodonite, everything clear up ahead?"
Rhodonite says: "For now."
Emerald says: "It was a minor inconvenience when you stole my personal shuttle and crashed it on Upsilon 9."
Emerald says: "It was an insult when you impersonated imperial officers during a cosmic jubilee."
Lars smiles smugly, and the Rutile Twins and Rhodonite start laughing as Emerald describes her shortcomings.
Emerald says: "But to steal my Sun Incinerator is unacceptable!"
Lars says: "*smugly* If this ship means so much to you, maybe you shouldn't have left it unguarded in the docking bay of Klavius 7."
Emerald says: "*furiously* There were 67 elite Citrines guarding it!"
Lars says: "Oh."
Lars says: "I didn't see them."
Lars says: "No, wait."
Lars says: "I did."
Lars says: "*crosses his arms smugly* They didn't see us!"
Emerald says: "I'll..."
Emerald says: "get you!"
Emerald says: "I'll get you myself!"
Emerald says: "I'll do it right now."
Emerald says: "*chuckling* I'll blow you up to smithereens!"
Lars says: "Good luck catching us."
Lars says: "We stole your fastest ship!"
Fluorite says: "*emerges from the lower floor* The engines..."
Fluorite says: "are all..."
Fluorite says: "set..."
Lars says: "Twins, hyperspeed us out of here."
Rutile Twins says: "Right!"
Emerald says: "You will not go at hyperspeed!"
Lars says: "*makes finger-guns* Bingo, bongo."
Emerald says: "OFF COLORS!!"
Emerald's transmission is cut and the ship blasts off at hyperspeed.
Lars says: "Man, she's been on my tail since Sector 4."
Lars says: "That's like three sectors ago."
Lars says: "Get over it, right?"
Steven says: "Lars!"
Steven says: "I have so many questions!"
Steven says: "*hugs Lars* Uh, where'd you get this ship?"
Steven says: "And more importantly, where'd you get that cape?"
Lars says: "*giggles* Stole 'em."
Fluorite says: "*emerges from the lower floor* Ste..."
Fluorite says: "ven..."
Fluorite says: "Is that..."
Fluorite says: "another..."
Fluorite says: "human friend?"
Fluorite says: "..."
Connie says: "Yeah, I'm Connie."
Connie says: "*salutes* Happy to be aboard."
Connie says: "You must all be Lars' crew."
Lars says: "Heh, they're more than that."
Lars says: "Without them, I'd still be stuck in a cave on the Gem Homeworld."
Lars says: "They were able to figure out a way off that lame old planet."
Rhodonite says: "But we never would have been able to steal a ship without Lars."
Rhodonite says: "He can slip past all the scanners undetected."
Padparadscha says: "Her name is Connie."
Lars says: "And now a few stolen ships and a couple of space crimes later, we're finally on a course toward Earth."
Connie says: "Hey, you know, speaking of Earth, your parents put this together for you."
Lars says: "Oh!"
Lars says: "*opens the package* Oh-ho, finally!"
Lars says: "Clean jeans!"
Lars says: "*holds up the pair of jeans* Oh, man!"
Lars says: "And my skull gauges!"
Lars says: "These are perfect!"
Steven and Connie watch on as Lars puts on the gauges on his ears. Lars then hands up Steven's teddy bear and sighs.
Lars says: "They didn't have to do all this."
Lars says: "I'll be back on Earth soon."
Rutile Twins says: "We are excited about your Beach City."
Rutile Twins says: "I look forward to a planet of sand and water."
Lars says: "Yeah!"
Lars says: "And my house."
Lars says: "And my trampoline."
Lars says: "The Big Donut!"
Lars says: "And..."
Lars says: "Sadie."
Lars says: "How is Sadie?"
Steven says: "Oh!"
Steven says: "Really really good!"
Lars says: "*surprised* Oh."
Lars says: "Yeah?"
Steven says: "Now she's Sadie Killer and the Suspects."
Steven says: "Her band is awesome!"
Steven hands Lars his phone and he looks at a photo of Steven and Sadie hanging with the Cool Kids.
Lars says: "She looks..."
Lars says: "really happy..."
Lars says: "without me..."
Suddenly, an alarm begins blaring and warning alerts pop up all around the ship.
Connie says: "What's going on?"
Steven says: "Lars?"
Steven says: "Lars!"
Steven says: "Lars!"
Lars scrolls through the photos of Sadie, ignoring Steven.
Rhodonite says: "Captain Lars, a huge battleship is approaching fast."
Rhodonite says: "It'll be here in just five quads."
Rhodonite says: "What are your orders?"
Lars says: "*still staring at Steven's phone* I don't believe this."
Lars says: "*inhales deeply, and yells  angrily* How is she having such a good time without me?!"
Lars says: "!"
Lars says: "Does she even know I died out here?!"
Lars says: "!"
Steven says: "Of course she does!"
Steven says: "She's been worried sick!"
Rhodonite says: "*observing her screen nervously* Already three quads away."
Connie says: "*walks up beside Rhodonite* What should we do?"
Rhodonite says: "We could drop out of warp and ambush them, but that might be too risky."
Rhodonite says: "Or maybe we find a nearby planet to hide on?"
Rhodonite says: "I'm not sure!"
Connie says: "What do you usually do?"
Rhodonite says: "Usually?"
Rhodonite says: "Usually we just follow Captain Lars' orders!"
Rutile Twins says: "Captain Lars has taken so many risks on our behalf."
Rutile Twins says: "We need him!"
Padparadscha says: "Oh no!"
Padparadscha says: "The warning alarm!"
Padparadscha says: "We're in danger!"
Steven says: "Do you hear that?"
Steven says: "Your crew needs you!"
Lars says: "*staring intently at Steven's phone* You don't get it, do you, Steven?"
Lars says: "*begins tearing up and sniffles* It should be me."
Lars says: "*starts crying* I'm the one that should be hanging out with the Cool Kids!"
Lars says: "She's getting back at me for everything I've done!"
Connie says: "*stomps up to Lars* Do you really think Sadie is living her life just to get back at you?"
Lars says: "Why else would she be having so much fun without me?!"
Lars says: "!"
Steven says: "Because life goes on, no matter what happens."
Steven says: "She was so upset when she found out you'd be stuck in space, Lars."
Steven says: "She really misses you, but, she can't stay sad forever."
Steven says: "She started hanging out with the Cool Kids."
Steven says: "She quit the Big Donut, all because she needed to do something to feel better."
Lars looks up at Steven in surprise.
Connie says: "And look at you!"
Connie says: "Steven said you'd be hiding in some cave on Homeworld, but you're not!"
Connie says: "You're out here fighting for freedom with all your new friends in tow!"
Connie says: "Are you doing any of this to hurt Sadie?"
Lars says: "No!"
Lars says: "I'm doing this because I have to."
Steven says: "Because!"
Connie says: "Because!"
Steven and Connie grasp each other's hands and Steven's gem begins to glow.
Steven says: "Because you're best friends!"
Connie says: "Because you're best friends!"
Lars watches in shock as Steven and Connie fuse.
Stevonnie says: "And best friends wouldn't do anything to hurt each other."
Lars says: "Whoa..."
Rhodonite says: "It's here..."
Rhodonite says: "An imperial warship has just caught up to us!"
Lars says: "What?"
Stevonnie says: "An imperial warship?"
A larger ship catches up to the Sun Incinerator, dropping it out of hyperspeed, and turns toward the Incinerator, charging its beams towards it.
Rhodonite says: "The Destiny Destroyer!"
Rhodonite says: "Their main weapons are pointed right at us!"
Lars says: "*looks at a photo of Sadie, and smiles* Hmm, pulling out the big guns just for us, huh?"
Lars says: "*gets off his chair* With a ship like that, Emerald could wipe us out in an instant, if she really wanted to."
Rhodonite says: "*panicking* Of course she wants to!"
Rutile Twins says: "Incoming message from the Destiny Destroyer."
Lars says: "Onscreen."
A transmission from Emerald appears onscreen.
Emerald says: "*laughs menacingly* Did you really think I wasn't going to be able to track my own ship?"
Emerald says: "The Sun Incinerator's specialized nova thrusters give off an energy signature I could recognize from the other side of the galaxy."
Emerald says: "Now, surrender to me, or be destroyed..."
Emerald says: "!"
Lars says: "*laughs back* I'd never surrender to you!"
Lars says: "*turns away* Blow us into stardust like you've always dreamed of."
Emerald says: "*pauses briefly in surprise* Very well."
Emerald says: "Prepare yourselves for destruction!"
The transmission ends, all while Lars is smiling smugly.
Stevonnie says: "Lars, what are you doing?!"
Stevonnie says: "!"
Lars says: "Drop the shields, Rhodonite."
Rhodonite says: "But that would leave us open to their attack!"
Rhodonite says: "We wouldn't stand a chance!"
Lars says: "Trust me, we'll be just fine."
Lars says: "Now lower the shields."
Rhodonite says: "But-!"
Rutile Twins says: "The destroyer's weapons are charged at 90%."
Rutile Twins says: "They're preparing to open fire!"
Lars says: "Lower the shields!"
Lars says: "That's an order!"
Rhodonite says: "*gulps* L-Lowering shields..."
Rhodonite reluctantly lowers the ship shields, just as the Destiny Destroyer opens fire. The laser beams graze the Sun Incinerator, causing the ship to shake and the crew to scream in panic.
Lars says: "Twins, what's our status?"
Rutile Twins says: "Our weapons and shields have been knocked offline, but otherwise..."
Rutile Twins says: "We're fine?"
Rhodonite says: "We're still..."
Rhodonite says: "alive!"
Rhodonite says: "The lasers barely grazed us!"
Padparadscha says: "Emerald is about to attack, but..."
Padparadscha says: "She's going to miss on purpose."
Lars says: "*chuckles* Bingo, bongo!"
A furious Emerald appears on the ship's screen again.
Emerald says: "WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU ARE DOING?!"
Emerald says: "!"
Lars says: "*laughs hysterically* You really do have a heart, don't you, Emerald?"
Emerald says: "W-WHAT?!"
Emerald says: "!"
Lars says: "*turns around and points triumphantly at Emerald* You're not going to hurt the ship!"
Lars says: "You love this ship!"
Lars says: "It's your..."
Lars says: "best friend."
Lars says: "You'd much rather let it get away than destroy it."
Stevonnie says: "Wow, Lars, I missed you."
Emerald says: "You're right about that."
Emerald says: "I won't destroy my beautiful ship."
Emerald says: "But I will make it so you can't get away!"
Emerald says: "Aim for their nova thrusters!"
The Destiny Destroyer fires at the Sun Incinerator again. The smaller ship shudders and the crew shouts in fright.
Lars says: "Evasive maneuvers!"
Lars says: "If only our weapons and shields were online."
Rutile Twins says: "I think she has us this time."
Lars says: "Unless we use..."
Lars says: "that."
Rhodonite says: "That?!"
Rhodonite says: "!"
A video message from Fluorite pops up on Rhodonite's screen.
Fluorite says: "Not..."
Fluorite says: "that..."
Stevonnie says: "What's "that"?"
Rhodonite says: "The captain's experimental fighter jet that only he knows how to drive."
Rhodonite says: "It's too risky!"
Lars says: "We're out of options."
Stevonnie says: "But Lars, your crew needs you here on the ship."
Lars says: "You got a better idea?"
Stevonnie says: "*salutes* Captain Lars, permission to go in your place!"
Stevonnie says: "If it's anything like driving a car, I should be fine!"
Lars says: "*blushes* Permission..."
Lars says: "granted!"
Lars says: "Take out the enemy's main cannons while we get our weapons system and shield back online."
Lars presses a button on his chair, and Stevonnie crouches down as a green blob engulfs them from the floor, pulling them into a chute. As Stevonnie falls through the chute, screens of the crew appear around them.
Lars says: "Fluorite, how long before we have full power to shields and weapons?"
Fluorite says: "Give me five..."
Fluorite says: "minutes..."
Rhodonite says: "Can they really fly it?!"
Rhodonite says: "!"
Rutile Twins says: "If anyone can fly it, I'm sure it's friends of our captain."
Stevonnie falls into the cockpit of the fighter jet.
Stevonnie says: "Whoa!"
Stevonnie says: "It is like a car!"
Lars says: "*pops up on a screen on the windshield* We'll watch your back while you take out those guns."
Lars says: "Now launch!"
Padparadscha says: "*pops up on screen too* Captain Lars is about to give the order to launch."
Stevonnie says: "Okay."
Stevonnie says: "Launching."
Stevonnie shifts the gear of the jet from "P" to "D3". A hatch opens on the Sun Incinerator, and the jet launches out of it.
Stevonnie begins piloting the Star Skipper towards the Destiny Destroyer, which begins firing on the fighter jet.
Lars says: "Get in close!"
Lars says: "They can't aim at themselves."
Stevonnie says: "Roger."
Stevonnie says: "Target within range."
Stevonnie says: "Targeting!"
Stevonnie begins destroy the Destiny Destroyer's main guns in quick succession.
Lars says: "One down!"
Lars says: "That's two!"
Lars says: "Yes!"
Lars says: "All right!"
Lars says: "Everything's almost fixed here."
Lars says: "Come on back."
Several missiles are then launched from the Destiny Destroyer towards the Star Skipper.
Lars says: "Incoming missiles straight ahead!"
Stevonnie quickly shifts the gear of the jet to "R". The jet's thrusters flip around to the front and blast off, sending the craft in reverse. As Stevonnie tries to evade the missiles, they realize the last missile will catch up to the Star Skipper.
Stevonnie says: "It's too late, Lars."
Stevonnie says: "I can't..."
Stevonnie says: "No!"
The Star Skipper is caught in the last missile's blast radius and sustains critical damage. The smoking jet begins spiraling towards a distant planet.
Lars says: "Steven?!"
Lars says: "!"
Lars says: "Connie?!"
Lars says: "!"
Lars says: "NOOOOO!!"
END.