Pearl and Steven are attempting to piece together a puzzle in the living room, while Amethyst, shapeshifted into a ball, is bouncing rapidly and excitedly in the house, shaking the table and puzzle pieces.
Pearl says: "Amethyst..."
Steven says: "Do you mind not bouncing so much?"
Amethyst says: "*shapeshifts back to normal* Oof!"
Amethyst says: "Uh, sorry."
Amethyst says: "I'm just super excited."
Amethyst says: "Greg is taking me to a show!"
Steven says: "A show?"
Steven says: "You mean like at the..."
Steven says: "*puts on a fake British accent* Theater?"
Amethyst says: "No, like at a..."
Amethyst says: "*puts on a fake British accent as well* Rock show!"
Amethyst says: "Ha!"
Amethyst says: "Like a band!"
Amethyst says: "At a house, with a bunch of people hanging out and doing stuff!"
Steven says: "Oh man, that sounds cool!"
Steven says: "We have an awesome night planned, too!"
Steven says: "We're doing a puzzle."
Amethyst says: "*unenthusiastically* Wowee."
Pearl says: "I know it sounds tame."
Pearl says: "But it has 612 pieces."
Pearl says: "And no corners!"
Steven says: "*picks up a corner puzzle piece* I.."
Steven says: "found a corner."
Pearl says: "Oh!"
Pearl says: "*gets disappointed* Oh..."
Greg says: "*enters the house* Hey, y'all!"
Amethyst says: "Greg, Greg, Greg, Greg!"
Amethyst says: "So, you ready to throw down in the pit?"
Greg says: "No pits for me tonight."
Greg says: "I'm sorry, Amethyst, it totally slipped my mind that Barb invited me and Vidalia over for cards."
Amethyst says: "Cards?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Amethyst says: "Ugh, who broke you guys out of the retirement home?"
Greg says: "Trust me, I'd love to go to the show!"
Greg says: "But Barb threatened to hold my mail if I didn't."
Greg says: "She is not a woman of empty threats."
Amethyst says: "Ugh, man, forget it."
Amethyst says: "I can't go show-lo, that'll be boring!"
Pearl says: "You could hang out with us tonight."
Amethyst says: "And do a puzzle?"
Amethyst says: "Ha, maybe we could fit in some knitting, too."
Pearl says: "*blushes slightly* That's..."
Pearl says: "not what I meant."
Pearl says: "We could..."
Pearl says: "go to the show..."
Pearl says: "with you."
Steven says: "Really?"
Amethyst says: "Wha?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Amethyst says: "You wanna go to a show, with loud music and people pushing each other?"
Pearl says: "I've done my fair share of..."
Pearl says: "pushing."
Amethyst says: "*grips her arm in pretend pain* Ooh, I think it's broken!"
Pearl says: "You two just never saw me in action!"
Pearl says: "Breaking every rule, taking on the authorities, so I could indulge in the joys of life on Earth!"
Pearl says: "..."
Pearl says: "Oh, a sky piece!"
Steven says: "Nice!"
Greg says: "Well, if you'd like to go, you guys can take the Dondai!"
Pearl says: "Thank you, Greg!"
Steven says: "Woohoo!"
Steven says: "Rock show!"
Amethyst says: "Hold on, Pearl."
Amethyst says: "This is a human thing, not a Gem war."
Amethyst says: "Before you rock out, you're gonna wanna blend in."
Trans. Int. the Big Donut, Dusk.
Pearl is seen wearing a short jacket and jeans on top of her normal outfit, while Steven is provisioning for the trip.
Amethyst says: "Now you're lookin' good!"
Pearl says: "Oh, yes."
Pearl says: "But I can make it look even gooder."
Pearl says: "*flips up her jacket collar* It's cool, because the collar isn't supposed to go that way."
Amethyst says: "You a natural!"
Steven says: "We're almost set on snacks for the road."
Steven says: "We just need some beverages."
Steven says: "*takes two cans out of the fridge* Strawberry Sugar Shock Shutdown or..."
Steven says: "good old-fashioned apple juice?"
Amethyst says: "Definitely Sugar Shock Shutdown."
Amethyst says: "*takes the can from Steven* It turns everything red."
Pearl says: "I'll have one, too, Steven."
Pearl says: "I think I'll try drinkin' tonight."
Steven says: "Wow, really?"
Steven says: "I didn't know you liked apple juice!"
Pearl says: "There's a lot you don't know about me, Steven."
Steven says: "Whoa..."
Steven says: "So, Amethyst, tell me more about this band we're seeing."
Amethyst says: "We're going to see Mike Krol."
Amethyst says: "He's got that real garage vibe."
Amethyst says: "Songs about being nostalgic for the suburbs."
Pearl says: "*finally manages to get the can open* Nostalgic for the suburbs?"
Pearl says: "Psh, they've only existed for, what, 70 years?"
Amethyst says: "*chuckles* Okay, so, when we get there, we gotta walk in like we own the place."
Pearl begrudgingly takes a sip of the apple juice, when the store door opens. She then spits out the juice in shock as she see a  girl with long pink hair and piercings walks in, staring at her intently as she walks by.
Amethyst says: "*points at the Mystery Girl* Oh, hey, right there!"
Amethyst says: "Perfect example!"
Pearl's can slips out of her hand onto the floor, as she continues to stare at the Mystery Girl.
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Pearl?"
Steven says: "You okay?"
Pearl says: "Uhh..."
Pearl says: "*snaps back to reality* I just didn't realize humans could come with pink hair."
Steven says: "*chuckles* They don't!"
Steven says: "You gotta go to the store and get this goo."
Steven says: "It smells really bad, and it turns your hair whatever color you want!"
Pearl says: "Why would she do that?"
Steven says: "Why don't you go and ask her?"
Amethyst says: "Hey, yeah!"
Amethyst says: "We're about to go hang out with a bunch of cool humans!"
Amethyst says: "Go do a practice round!"
Amethyst says: "*starts chanting* Do it!"
Amethyst says: "Do it!"
Amethyst says: "Do it!"
Pearl nervously walks up to the mystery girl, who is fixing herself a drink. Pearl peeks over her shoulder at her, before attempting to casually pick up a cup, but accidentally knocks over the whole stack of paper cups, startling the Mystery Girl.
Pearl says: "I..."
Pearl says: "Uh..."
The Mystery Girl just walks away without saying a word. Pearl stares in slight disappointment as the Mystery Girl leaves the Big Donut.
Amethyst says: "..."
Amethyst says: "Wooooow, woah woah woah, wow!"
Trans. Int. Greg's Dondai, Night-time.
Steven buckles up in the back seat, Amethyst takes the passenger seat, and Pearl buckles up in the driver seat.
Amethyst says: "Well, you sure showed those cups who's boss."
Pearl says: "Amethyst, seat belt."
Pearl says: "Now let's go have the night of our lives!"
Pearl turns the car radio on and begins to drive. Amethyst starts air-drumming to the song, and nobody speaks during the trip until Steven breaks the silence.
Steven says: "Okay, nobody's gonna say it?"
Steven says: "She kinda looked like Mom."
Steven says: "You noticed, I noticed, we all noticed."
Amethyst says: "Oh."
Amethyst says: "Ohhh!"
Amethyst says: "*turns to Pearl* That's why you were acting like such a goon!"
Amethyst says: "Ha!"
Pearl says: "No, no, that's not it."
Pearl says: "I'm done thinking about the past."
Pearl says: "Tonight, I'm all about the future."
Pearl says: "I'm going to a show."
Pearl says: "I'm a new Gem who loves socializing with humans."
Amethyst says: "That's what that was?"
Pearl says: "Look, you weren't there by the cups."
Pearl says: "I could've talked to her!"
Pearl says: "The timing was just wrong."
Just then, the Mystery Girl pulls up next to the Dondai on her motorcycle.
Steven says: "It's the girl!"
Steven says: "She's driving right next to us!"
Amethyst says: "No way!"
Steven says: "You've got another chance!"
Amethyst says: "Yeah, do something!"
Pearl says: "*starts sweating anxiously* Like what?"
Pearl says: "Flash my lights?"
Pearl says: "Honk at her?"
Amethyst says: "Just shoot her a look!"
Amethyst says: "..."
Amethyst says: "Wait, not yet!"
Amethyst says: "Okay, okay."
Amethyst says: "You can look..."
Amethyst says: "Now!"
Pearl nervously turns and looks over at the Mystery Girl at Amethyst's signal. The Mystery Girl looks back and smiles at Pearl, causing her to blush. The Mystery Girl then picks up speed, riding ahead of the Dondai and past a traffic light. The lights quickly turns red, forcing Pearl to stop the Dondai as the Mystery Girl rides off.
Amethyst says: "Ooh, there she goes."
Steven says: "Hey, maybe she's going to the same show as us!"
Amethyst says: "I dunno."
Amethyst says: "A girl that cool probably knows about a million shows going on tonight."
Pearl looks up at the red traffic light anxiously. She then suddenly puts on a determined look, shifts the car gears and hits the accelerator pedal, speeding through the red light.
Steven says: "Pearl!"
Amethyst says: "Gahhh!"
Amethyst says: "..."
Amethyst says: "Hahaha!"
Amethyst says: "Yeah, P!"
Steven says: "W-What're you doing?"
Steven says: "The light was red!"
Pearl says: "*smugly* I know."
Pearl shifts the car gears again, and begins to catch up to the Mystery Girl.
Amethyst says: "There she is!"
Steven says: "What's your plan?!"
Steven says: "!"
Pearl says: "New Pearl; no plan."
Steven says: "Oh, no kidding."
Suddenly, red and blue lights beam into the Dondai, as a police siren is heard. Everyone gets uneasy as they spot a police car chasing them from behind.
Steven says: "The police want us!"
Amethyst says: "Oh, snap!"
Pearl says: "*gasps in panic* What do I do?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Steven says: "You have to pull over to the side and show them your license."
Pearl says: "I don't have a license!"
Amethyst says: "Haha, oh, right."
Steven says: "But you're old!"
Pearl says: "What was I supposed to tell the D."
Pearl says: "M."
Pearl says: "V?"
Pearl says: "That I'm from another planet?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Pearl says: "I'm not exactly a citizen, Steven!"
Steven says: "Then what do we do?!"
Steven says: "!"
Pearl thinks for a bit and puts back on her determined look. She steps on the accelerator, causing Steven and Amethyst to yell in shock, as they speed past the Mystery Girl with the police in pursuit. Pearl turns up the volume music of the car radio while Amethyst cheers excitedly.
Steven says: "Pearl, you can't just drive away!"
Steven says: "This is serious!"
Pearl suddenly slams on the brake, jerking the car a bit as the tires screech on the road.
Pearl says: "This is why we buckle up."
Pearl says: "*drifts the car around a sharp turn* Hold on!"
Pearl continues speeding along the road, leading the police car in a high-speed pursuit.
Amethyst says: "Woohoo!"
Steven says: "Oh boy."
The chase continues until Pearl spots a billboard that reads "OCEAN TOWN - No longer on FIRE". Pearl pulls on the hand brake and spins the Dondai around, parking it behind the billboard, out of the sight of the police. The police car drives by, not seeing the Dondai.
Amethyst says: "Are they gone?"
Pearl says: "I think so."
Everyone sighs in relief. Pearl attempts to start the engine of the Dondai, but fails.
Steven says: "What is it?"
Pearl says: "We're out of gas."
Amethyst says: "Aww, what?"
Steven says: "Wait, I'll find a gas station."
Steven says: "*pulls out his phone* Looks like the closest one is..."
Steven says: "20 miles away."
Amethyst says: "*facepalms* Ughh..."
Time-Skip.
The trio, having decided to abandon the car, walks along the roadside, when Pearl stops abruptly.
Pearl says: "I can't believe this."
Amethyst says: "Huh?"
Pearl says: "I was so ready!"
Pearl says: "I really wanted to see your Krol."
Steven says: "What are you talking about?"
Pearl says: "*throws her jacket on the ground, and struggles to get out of her jeans* I was going to drink a juice and wear these- Ugh- pants!"
Pearl says: "*falls over* And..."
Pearl says: "Grrr- Hit people gently enough as to not actually hurt them, and you'd say, "Wow, Pearl is really cool!"
Pearl says: "" But nooooo!"
Pearl says: "*finally takes off her jeans* Instead, we drove to loud music, chased a mysterious woman into the night, and broke the law."
Pearl says: "*sighs sharply* I've lost my edge."
Pearl says: "I should have stayed home with the puzzle."
Amethyst says: "Listen to yourself!"
Amethyst says: "You're so hardcore!"
Amethyst says: "Who cares about pants?"
Amethyst says: "You gunned it from the cops!"
Steven says: "That's the most scared I've been since you almost let me die!"
Steven says: "You're a criminal now!"
Pearl says: ""Now"?"
Pearl says: "*gets up* I've been a criminal for 6,000 years."
Amethyst chuckles, when music can be heard in the distance.
Steven says: "Wait."
Steven says: "Do you hear that?"
The trio scurries through the bushes to find the source of the music, turning out to be the Mike Krol concert.
Steven says: "We made it!"
Mike Krol is seen singing "Like a Star" while a crowd listens, dances and lip-syncs along to his songs.
Steven says: "*gasps* And there's the girl!"
Steven says: "*points at the Mystery Girl standing nearby* She's actually here!"
Amethyst says: "No way."
Pearl says: "I'm going to talk to her."
Amethyst says: "*nervously* Look, Pearl."
Amethyst says: "I already think you're cool."
Amethyst says: "You can ease into the socializing with humans thing."
Pearl says: "*smiles and glances at the Mystery Girl* Watch Steven for me."
Amethyst says: "Wait, no!"
Amethyst says: "You can start smaller!"
Amethyst says: "Talk to a nerd!"
Steven says: "Amethyst!"
Amethyst and Steven watch on as Pearl begins interacting with the Mystery Girl. She first holds out her hand to the Mystery Girl.
Amethyst says: "Oh no!"
Amethyst says: "Oh, she's starting with a handshake?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
The Mystery Girl shakes Pearl's hand with a smile.
Steven says: "Oh!"
Steven says: "She went for it!"
Steven says: "They're both smiling!"
Pearl begins to speak to the Mystery Girl, inaudible to Steven and Amethyst over the loud music.
Amethyst says: "I can't believe this."
Amethyst says: "Oh, what is Pearl saying?"
The Mystery Girl starts laughing.
Steven says: "I don't know, but the girl's laughing."
Amethyst says: "Do you think she's laughing at her or with her?"
Steven says: "Hard to tell."
Amethyst says: "Shh, she's coming back!"
Steven and Amethyst run over to Pearl, as she walks back to them.
Steven says: "How'd it go?"
Pearl says: "I asked her about her hair, and then she asked how I colored mine."
Pearl says: "I told her, "My appearance is just a conscious manifestation of light."
Pearl says: "" And she said, "I know how that is."
Pearl says: "" Although, heh, I highly doubt it."
Pearl says: "Oh!"
Pearl says: "And then I added, "By the way, I saved your planet, and your species, and you're welcome."
Amethyst says: "*taken aback* And how'd that go over?"
Pearl says: "Not very well."
Pearl says: "She walked off after giving me some sort of code."
Pearl holds out a piece of paper, reading a 555 phone number. Amethyst starts chuckling in delight.
Amethyst says: "No way!"
Steven says: "Pearl!"
Steven says: "That's a phone number!"
Steven says: "She wants you to call her and talk to her on the phone!"
Pearl says: "Oh..."
Pearl says: "well..."
Pearl says: "I don't have a phone."
Amethyst says: "Pearl!"
Amethyst says: "You just like gave her some Shakesperian spiel about light, then got her number like it was nothing?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Amethyst says: "*keeps giggling* Pearl, you're a total rockstar!"
Pearl looks down at the piece of paper and smiles. "Fifteen Minutes" by Mike Krol begins to play as end-credits play in style of a sitcom, listing Pearl as "Repressed Nerd", Amethyst as "Ultimate Wingman", Steven as "Voice of Reason", and Mystery Girl as "Herself".
END.