Open Ext. Beach House.
Following the events in "Reunited", after finding out Steven possesses Pink Diamond's gem, Blue Diamond hugs and nuzzles him, crying tears of joy, in turn causing Steven and the other Gems to cry as well.
Blue Diamond says: "Ah..."
Blue Diamond says: "Oh, Pink!"
Blue Diamond says: "I can't believe it!"
Blue Diamond says: "You've been here all along!"
Blue Diamond says: "Oh!"
Garnet says: "I can't just hand Steven over to Blue Diamond, she's a shatterer!"
Bismuth says: "*sniffles* She's not gonna hurt him."
Bismuth says: "Look at her."
Blue Diamond laughs happily and continues to hug Steven.
Bismuth says: "She really thinks he's one of them."
Amethyst says: "*desperate* Ahh!!"
Amethyst says: "Somebody make..."
Amethyst says: "Blue Diamond.."
Amethyst says: "stop!!"
Connie says: "Are you guys okay?"
Pearl says: "It's just- *sniffles* Ugh, Blue Diamond's power."
Pearl says: "She's obviously relieved that Pink Diamond wasn't shattered after all."
Yellow Diamond is seen trying to reactivate her ship, but it, as well as Blue's, are too damaged from the previous battle.
Yellow Diamond says: "Hmm."
Yellow Diamond says: "How could you do this to us, Pink?"
Yellow Diamond says: "*approaches the house* Why did you let us think you were shattered?"
Yellow Diamond says: "Why the strange disguise?"
Yellow Diamond says: "Why are you doing a voice?"
Yellow Diamond says: "Why didn't you say something at the trial?"
Yellow Diamond says: "And Blue, can you please stop crying?"
Yellow Diamond says: "I can't see."
Yellow Diamond wipes away her tears and splashes them onto the Crystal Gems.
Blue Diamond says: "..."
Blue Diamond says: "Sorry!"
Blue Diamond stops crying and puts Steven down at the entrance of the house, and he rejoins the other Crystal Gems.
Steven says: "My mom kept it secret from everyone."
Pearl says: "A-hem..."
Pearl says: "!"
Steven says: "Almost everyone."
Yellow Diamond says: "What are you talking about?"
Steven says: "Well, apparently Mom..."
Steven says: "Oh, geez, you don't know what a mom is..."
Steven says: "Okay!"
Steven says: "Pink Diamond took the form of Rose Quartz permanently after faking her shattering."
Steven says: "Then Rose Quartz gave up that form to create a new life with my Dad: me."
Steven says: "Rose passed her gemstone and some of her powers onto me, but..."
Steven says: "that's all."
Steven says: "I..."
Steven says: "I don't have any of Pink or Rose's memories..."
Steven says: "I'm sorry..."
Steven shows Yellow Diamond his gem and she stares at it intently.
Yellow Diamond says: "Hmm."
Yellow Diamond says: "I'm sure your memories are in there somewhere, Pink."
Steven says: "Actually, I go by Steven."
Blue Diamond says: "Oh, stars!"
Blue Diamond says: "How did you even survive?!"
Blue Diamond says: "!"
Blue Diamond says: "We blasted the planet and obliterated every Gem on its surface!"
Steven says: "They weren't exactly..."
Steven says: "obliterated..."
Trans. Ext. Ancient Gem Colony Ship.
The Crystal Gems and the Diamonds to the abandoned Gem dropship, where the Centipeetles reside. Steven opens the door and shows a corrupted Nephrite to the Diamonds, as he feeds her Chaaaaps.
Yellow Diamond says: "What..."
Yellow Diamond says: "am I looking at?"
Nephrite's jaws drop at the sight of Yellow and Blue Diamond.
Yellow Diamond says: "No one should've survived our attack."
Steven says: "Centipeetle's mind is broken."
Steven says: "I've tried to heal her, but..."
Steven says: "It didn't stick."
Yellow Diamond says: "Heal her?"
Steven says: "But maybe you two can help her!"
Steven says: "You're so much stronger than me, and..."
Steven says: "I got close!"
Blue Diamond says: "Well, that's not something we normally do..."
Yellow Diamond says: "This is completely unprecedented."
Steven says: "But you did this to her!"
Steven says: "You have to help her—"
Steven says: "all of them!"
Yellow Diamond says: "Hmm, very well..."
Yellow Diamond says: "I can try, but I make no promises."
Yellow Diamond rubs her palms together and begins to attempt uncorrupting Nephrite, reverting her body back to her normal form.
Yellow Diamond says: "There, good as new."
Nephrite continues to make monster noises and flails around.
Yellow Diamond says: "She may be too far gone."
Blue Diamond says: "Gently, Yellow."
Blue Diamond's hand glows and she begins uncorrupting Nephrite too, healing her mind.
Blue Diamond says: "There we are!"
Nephrite says: "*starts crying* No!"
Nephrite says: "Please no!"
Nephrite says: "No!"
Nephrite says: "No!"
Nephrite says: "We’re all gonna be-!"
Nephrite grasps her head and keeps repeating her words hysterically and frantically.
Steven says: "Centi?"
Nephrite says: "No, please-!"
Steven licks his palm and pats in onto Nephrite's back, healing her further.
Steven says: "Centi!"
Steven says: "It's okay!"
Steven says: "It's okay!"
Nephrite stops panicking and looks up at the Diamonds.
Nephrite says: "*Gem-salutes* Nephrite!"
Nephrite says: "Facet-413 Cabochon-12!"
Everyone watch on in sheer shock.
Amethyst says: "W-w-w-what?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Garnet says: "Unbelievable."
Nephrite says: "I’m sorry for my failure to heed my Hessonite's evacuation orders..."
Nephrite says: "My team and I tried our best to make it out before the attack, but..."
Nephrite says: "You're here and it must've worked!"
Nephrite says: "You finally avenged Pink Diamond!"
Nephrite says: "You destroyed Rose Quartz!"
Blue and Yellow Diamond flinch and let go of Nephrite, causing her to revert back to her corrupted form. Steven proceeds to comfort Nephrite.
Yellow Diamond says: "Ugh, Pink."
Yellow Diamond says: "How many perfectly adequate Gems did you have us ruin?"
Blue Diamond says: "Shh, Yellow!"
Blue Diamond says: "Pink's been punished enough."
Blue Diamond says: "She’s been trapped here in this awful planet with these..."
Blue Diamond says: "creatures."
Steven says: "Do it again!"
Steven says: "It was working!"
Yellow Diamond says: "How long do you expect us to hold her together?"
Steven says: "I don’t know."
Steven says: "Forever!"
Steven says: "You did this!"
Steven says: "So you have to do something!"
Nephrite grabs Steven's bag of Chaaaaps and crawls back inside of the dropship.
Yellow Diamond says: "We can only do so much, if it was the four of us."
Blue Diamond says: "Oh no!"
Blue Diamond says: "We can’t let her see this!"
Steven says: "Who?"
Steven says: "Who do we need?"
Yellow Diamond says: "What do you mean "who"?"
Yellow Diamond says: "White!"
Everyone is dumbstruck.
Pearl says: "W-White D-Diamond?"
Amethyst says: "What?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Pearl says: "Steven."
Pearl says: "White Diamond isn't like us."
Pearl says: "She isn’t even like them."
Pearl says: "*gestures to Yellow and Blue Diamond* You have no idea what she's capable of!"
Steven says: "I just want to talk."
Blue Diamond says: "I don't think you'd have much luck with that..."
Blue Diamond says: "White..."
Blue Diamond says: "hasn't left Homeworld in eons."
Steven says: "Then we're going to Homeworld!"
Yellow Diamond says: "In what?!"
Yellow Diamond says: "!"
Yellow Diamond says: "You and your "friends" destroyed both our ships!"
Blue Diamond says: "Unless..."
Blue Diamond says: "You don't still have yours, do you?"
Trans. The Desert.
The Crystal Gems and the Diamonds arrive at Rose's Landfill in the desert.
Steven says: "This place is filled with Mom's junk, so there's a good chance it's buried around here!"
Steven says: "We can split up the area like a grid and divide the search!"
Steven says: "It's just past these pink pyramids!"
Yellow and Blue Diamonds stare at Steven in perplexity, like they already know what the pink pyramids actually are.
Steven says: "We've got a lot of deserts to cover."
Steven says: "It may take a while, and be really super hot!"
Steven says: "But if we don't give up, I know we can find it!"
Steven rests his hand against the "pink pyramid", unknowingly activating a hand panel on it.
Bismuth says: "Uh..."
Bismuth says: "Steven."
Steven turns around and gasps, realizing what he just did. The ground rumbles and Pink Diamond's ship emerges from the sand.
Steven says: "Oh..."
Steven says: "!"
Trans. Beach City.
Pink Diamond's ship hovers in the sky, casting a large shadow over Beach City as many Beach City citizens watch the leg ship flies by. Ronaldo records the occurrence with his phone as the ship lands in front of the Crystal Temple. There, Dr. and Mr. Maheswaran bids Connie farewell as she gets ready for the departure.
Dr. Maheswaran says: "You're going to do great!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "You sure you have everything?"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Food, water?"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Where's your sword?!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "I can't believe I'm saying that."
Connie says: "It's okay, Mom!"
Connie says: "This is going to be a diplomatic mission!"
Pearl says: "And I'll be with her the whole time!"
Pearl says: "I know the planet!"
Pearl says: "There's an atmosphere; she'll be able to breathe."
The Maheswarans look up at the leg ship uncomfortably, as its behind glimmers in the evening sun.
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Alright, be careful!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Just, come home safe."
Connie says: "Oh, thanks, Mom!"
Connie says: "Thanks, Dad!"
Amethyst says: "*holding Steven's Hot Dog Duffel Bag* I can't believe I'm finally going to Homeworld!"
Amethyst says: "There might be more Famethysts!"
Greg says: "Love you, schtu-ball!"
Greg says: "Be careful out there."
Steven says: "I love you too!"
Steven says: "I'll be back before you know it!"
Steven says: "Lion!"
Steven says: "Bring it in, buddy!"
Greg says: "Garnet, should I be worried?"
Garnet says: "Steven..."
Garnet says: "will be fine."
Garnet says: "*holds up Cat Steven* If you could water this for me while I'm gone, it'd be a big help."
Greg says: "Oh, uh- Sure thing!"
Steven says: "*still hugging Lion* Don't miss me too much!"
Steven notices Bismuth staring off in the distance and walks up to her.
Steven says: "Bismuth?"
Steven says: "Are you ready?"
Bismuth and Steven glance over at the broken Diamond hand ships.
Bismuth says: "I'm not gonna join a Diamond entourage!"
Bismuth says: "I know what you're doing, I get why you gotta do it, but I'm not gonna lay my gem on their anvil!"
Steven says: ""Anvil"?"
Bismuth says: "Okay!"
Bismuth says: "*places her hand on Steven's shoulder* Let me put this in Earth terms for you: You're about to enter the "lions' den"."
Bismuth says: "Luckily, you're a "lion" too!"
Bismuth says: "You gotta roar at them in their language; you're the one that has to do it."
Steven says: "Right."
Bismuth says: "Besides, you're gonna need me at the home base."
Bismuth says: "Someone's gotta keep an eye on these two while you're gone."
Bismuth shows Steven Peridot's and Lapis's gemstones in her hand.
Bismuth says: "We'll be waiting for you when you get back."
Steven says: "Hmm!"
Steven says: "Ok!"
Steven says: "*runs up to the Crystal Gems* Let's go to Homeworld!"
Amethyst says: "Yeah!"
Connie says: "Yeah!"
Yellow Diamond says: "*sarcastically* Fantastic."
Trans. Int. Pink Diamond's Ship.
The Crystal Gems and the Diamonds get inside the leg ship. Steven steps on a footplate and a pink aura forms around Steven's legs like a pair of pants.
Amethyst says: "It's a good look for you, Steven!"
Steven says: "Thank you!"
Blue Diamond says: "Oh, it's been so long since we've been together in Pink's ship."
Blue Diamond begins weeping in joy, causing Steven and Yellow Diamond's eyes to tear up too.
Yellow Diamond says: "Please, Blue."
Yellow Diamond says: "If we could continue?"
Yellow Diamond says: "..."
Blue Diamond says: "*sniffles* Yes, of course..."
Blue Diamond and Steven wipes away their tears, and Pearl walks up to Steven to instruct him.
Pearl says: "For launching, just get a running start."
Steven says: "Mmm!"
Steven begins to move, and the legs of the ship awkwardly treads forward out to sea.
Greg says: "You got this, Steven!"
Steven struggles to maneuver the ship, while everyone else watch on in vexation.
Steven says: "Hold on!"
Steven says: "I'm taking off!"
The ship jumps up into the air, and launches itself out into space.
Steven says: "*sighs* I bet when Mom took off, it was pretty graceful, huh?"
Pearl says: "Heh..."
Pearl says: "No, not really..."
Time-Skip.
Time passes by as the ship traverses through space. Connie and Amethyst lean against Garnet's legs, fast asleep, while Pearl navigates the ship control panel.
Steven says: "Should I have brought a gift for White Diamond?"
Steven says: "We are dropping in unexpectedly, and..."
Steven says: "I want to make a good first impression."
Steven says: "Her help will mean everything for the corrupted Gems."
Pearl says: "Steven..."
Yellow Diamond says: "Hmph."
Yellow Diamond says: ""Good impression"?"
Yellow Diamond says: "We'll be lucky if she ever speaks to us again after this."
Blue Diamond says: "The thing is, White..."
Blue Diamond says: "can be..."
Blue Diamond says: "difficult..."
Yellow Diamond says: "When we show up in this ship, it will be irrefutable that the last 6,000 years are now the biggest galactic embarrassment that's ever happened."
Yellow Diamond says: "And we're the ones to blame."
Yellow Diamond says: "If you don't want to be in a bubble for the next few millennia, I suggest you let me do the talking."
An awkward silence fills the room as Blue and Yellow Diamond look away in unrest. The ship engine then begins to whir.
Pearl says: "Ahem..."
Pearl says: "We're here..."
Connie says: "*wakes up and yawns* Really?"
Garnet quickly stands up, causing Amethyst to fall over from her legs.
Amethyst says: "Ughh!"
Amethyst says: "What- gives..."
Amethyst says: "?"
The Crystal Gems look out the ship windshield and sees the Gem Homeworld — a double-ringed planet that had been split and fragmented into large pieces.
Steven says: "Homeworld..."
Trans. Gem Homeworld.
The leg ship somersaults and lands on Homeworld on its feet, on the roof of a building.
Yellow Diamond says: "Everyone, wait here."
Yellow Diamond says: "Blue and I will return for you..."
Yellow Diamond says: "Once White's temper has cooled."
Blue Diamond says: "Which might take a while..."
Garnet says: "Wait, that sound..."
The Crystal Gems and the Diamonds exit Pink Diamond's ship to the top of the building roof. In front of them is an arena, filled with various Homeworld Gems, all cheering in unison, in a formation of the original Great Diamond Authority insignia.
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Woah!"
Steven says: "Maybe things won't be so bad!"
A droning sound is heard, and all the Gems immediately quiet down. A white bubble descends from above and lands in front of Steven and the others. Everyone gasps as a white Pearl, with a navel gemstone and a series of scar-like cracks from the top of her right eye, appears from inside the bubble.
Blue Diamond says: "It's White's Pearl..."
White Pearl says: "Pink Diamond, your presence is required."
Yellow Diamond says: "Come on, Blue."
White Pearl says: "Only Pink Diamond's presence is necessary."
White Pearl, unmovingly, encases herself and Steven in a white bubble. Pearl gasps in shock as the bubble begins to fly away, and the Crystal Gems attempt to chase after the bubble.
Amethyst says: "Wait!"
Connie says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "Steven!"
The bubble flies towards White Diamond's ship, shaped like a bust of her image.
Trans. Int. White Diamond's Ship.
The bubble phases through the walls of White Diamond's ship and dissolves. White Pearl then phases back into the wall, leaving Steven behind.
White Diamond says: "Pink!"
White Diamond says: "There you are!"
Steven turns around and looks up in awe at the towering Diamond before him.
White Diamond says: "Hello, starlight, you certainly gave everyone a scare."
White Diamond says: "They're all just thrilled to see you safe and sound."
Steven says: "Um, hi..."
Steven says: "?"
White Diamond says: "As for this latest little game of yours, thank the stars it's over!"
White Diamond says: "Did you have fun?"
White Diamond says: "Did you get everything out of your system?"
White Diamond says: "*dismissively* Good, good..."
White Diamond says: "Everyone is so relieved."
White Diamond says: "Welcome home, Pink."
White Diamond encases Steven in a bubble and sents him away.
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Wait, hold on!"
The bubble pops and Steven finds himself inside an empty pink room. He then looks out the balcony of the room to see White Diamond's ship, standing ominously just in front of him.
END.