Open Int. The Sun Incinerator.
The Sun Incinerator is seen cruising an asteroid field, as Lars begins recording his logs.
Lars says: "Captain's Log: I think it's Friday."
Lars says: "I've ordered Rhodonite to do a spectral scan of the system."
Lars says: "Hopefully one of these asteroids has the flotanium deposits we need to get our warp engines back online."
Lars moans in despair, when a letter flies out of Lars' hair.
Lars says: "What now, Steven?!"
Lars says: "!"
Lars says: "*catches the letter* A letter?"
Lars opens the letter and begins to read it. A voiceover of Steven narrates the letter, followed by a series of flashbacks.
Steven voiceover.
Dear Lars, how's space? Is it still big? You don't have to answer that right now, this is a letter. Since you're away from home, I thought I'd fill you in on what's been going on in Beach City. Everyone misses you soooo much.
Trans. Ext. Big Donut.
Steven v.o.
Since Sadie's been busy with the band, no one's around to open up the Big Donut.
Steven peeked through the glass door of the donut shop and sighed in dismay, when Ronaldo walked in.
Ronaldo says: "Oh come on!"
Ronaldo says: "Are they STILL not open?!"
Ronaldo says: "!"
Ronaldo says: "*groans* I know Sadie quit a while ago, but why the heck isn't Lars here to pick up the slack?!"
Ronaldo says: "!"
Steven says: "Uhh, Ronaldo, Lars is in space."
Ronaldo says: "*bursts out laughing* Good one Steven!"
Ronaldo says: "I needed that!"
Steven stared at Ronaldo in silence and he ceased laughing.
Ronaldo says: "YOU'RE SERIOUS?!"
Ronaldo says: "!"
Ronaldo says: "?!"
Ronaldo says: "!"
Steven says: "Don't you remember when everyone in town was abducted by Gems?"
Steven says: "Mayor Dewey had to give all those speeches about it?"
Ronaldo says: "Do you believe everything the government tells you?"
Steven says: "I'm the one who told the government."
Ronaldo says: "Wait, what?"
Ronaldo says: "So that means..."
Steven says: "Mmm hmm."
Ronaldo says: "So Lars is really in space?"
Steven says: "Mmm hmm."
Ronaldo says: "*begins crying* Is he in danger?"
Ronaldo says: "Surrounded by aliens?"
Steven says: "All of the above."
Ronaldo says: "This is a nightmare."
Ronaldo says: "I'M THE ONE WHO SHOULD BE IN SPACE!"
Ronaldo says: "WHY DOES LARS GET TO BE WHISKED AWAY INTO THE INFINITE COSMOS ON AN ADVENTURE OF A LIFETIME?"
Ronaldo says: "IT'S SO IRONIC IT HURTS MY SOUL!"
Ronaldo lays down on the ground, sobbing loudly.
Steven says: "There, there..."
Just then, Bill Dewey walked in.
Bill says: "Morning Universe."
Steven says: "Oh, good morning."
Bill says: "Still not open huh?"
Bill says: "I guess me and the Big Donut have a lot in common, we're both empty inside."
Steven v.o.
As far as local politics, Mayor Dewey isn't mayor anymore. There was an election and Nanefua won with her platform of working together.
Trans. Int. Fish Stew Pizza.
Nanefua was holding a town council inside the pizzeria, while her bodyguards stood guard outside.
Nanefua says: "So, we are all in agreement, yes?"
Nanefua says: "In the event of a Gem-related emergency, everyone should go to the newly designated shelters."
Steven says: "Me and Garnet can take care of food rations."
Steven says: "Anyone know a good non-perishable brand of Chaaaaps?"
Garnet says: "We could also put some pizza ingredients on ice, just in case."
Nanefua says: "That's a great idea Garnet."
Nanefua says: "We can ask all the local restaurants to pitch in food in case we have to hide for a while."
Bill says: "These all seem like great plans, but..."
Bill says: "How are you going to get in contact with everyone when there's an emergency?"
Bill says: "This may be a small town, but it's, a big small town."
Jenny says: "Oh!"
Jenny says: "Mayor Gunga, I could drive you around while you use the loudspeaker to spread the word through town."
Nanefua says: "Cheese on bread!"
Nanefua says: "That's a good idea!"
Kiki says: "And while Jenny does that, I can take to the boardwalk on foot and let all the businesses know what's up."
Pearl says: "And, as soon as we know of any impending danger, I'll give everyone a call on my cellular phone!"
Kiki says: "It might be easier if you just send out a mass text."
Pearl says: "What number do I call for "mass text"?"
Kiki says: "Pearl, is this your first cell phone?"
Pearl says: "Maybe..."
Pearl says: "?"
Nanefua says: "Is there anything else we can do to beef up the town security?"
Greg says: "It'd be nice if we could have some kind of lookout."
Greg says: "Maybe I'll buy one of those high powered telescopes for the lighthouse or something."
Ronaldo says: "I VOLUNTEER!"
Ronaldo says: "I LOVE LOOKING OUT!"
Ronaldo says: "IF I CAN'T BE IN SPACE, I CAN AT LEAST LOOK AT IT!"
Nanefua says: "This is beautiful!"
Nanefua says: "Ronaldo, Greg, you're on lookout duty."
Nanefua says: "Kiki, Pearl, you're in charge of communication."
Nanefua says: "Steven, Garnet, you record our rations."
Nanefua says: "And Jenny and I will spread the word about the plan."
Nanefua says: "Now, everyone is helping to make our town safe."
Bill says: "Everyone, except me..."
Garnet says: "Awww..."
Nanefua says: "Oh..."
Nanefua says: "You made things awkward."
Steven v.o.
Sadie Killer and the Suspects are still going strong. They're gearing up for a huge show right here in Beach City. I hope you can make it back in time to see them play.
Trans. Int. Sadie's Room.
Sadie and the Cool Kids were practicing together while Steven watched on.
Sadie says: "And just as the chorus is finishing up, I'll grab this fake, but very realistic, chainsaw, and then Steven will hit me with the lights, and then we'll all scream!"
Buck, Sour Cream, and Jenny all did fake screams, when Bill walked in, wearing a white sheet with eye holes.
Bill says: "And then I'll come out!"
Bill says: "Oogity boogity!"
Buck says: "I don't think you get it Dad, we're going for scary scary, not ha ha scary."
Bill says: "Ooohooohooo..."
Bill says: "*takes off the sheet* Alright, I just wanted to help."
Sadie says: "Did you cut holes in my bed sheets?!"
Sadie says: "!"
Steven v.o.
Jamie the mailman has been making a lot of progress establishing a local theater scene. He's done a bunch of one man shows, and even started teaching improv.
Trans. Int. Beach City Stage.
A stage was set up on the beach, where Steven and Pearl were the only audience, and Jamie appeared onstage.
Jamie says: "People of Beach City!"
Jamie says: "Are you ready to laugh your butts off?"
Steven says: "*clapping* I am!"
Jamie says: "We've got a killer lineup for you tonight!"
Jamie says: "So please welcome the Beach City Laugh-guards!"
Amethyst, Barbara, Mr. Smiley and Peridot walked onstage.
Steven says: "Wooo!"
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Jamie says: "Now all we need to get started is a single word from the audience."
Pearl says: ""Steven"!"
Peridot says: "We do a scene about Steven every week."
Pearl says: "Well, I think those scenes are good."
Steven says: "Uh, "spaghetti", no no uh- "car"?"
Steven says: "No, uh that's not good."
Steven says: "Oh!"
Steven says: "Uh- How about "plumber"?"
Jamie says: "I heard "plumber", and now the Beach City Laugh-guards will preform a completely improvised scene, based on the word "plumber"."
Pearl says: "No, do "Steven"!"
Steven says: "Wait, "cats"!"
Jamie says: "And no more suggestions for the rest of the show!"
Barbara says: "Thank's for coming out on such short notice."
Barbara says: "My sink is clogged."
Amethyst says: "Welp, looks like we're gonna need..."
Amethyst says: "*shapeshifts into a plunger* One of these!"
Steven started laughing as Amethyst jumped into Barbara's hand.
Jamie says: "No no no, cut, stop."
Jamie says: "Notes, Barb, love how you set up the scene."
Jamie says: "Amethyst, you don't have to become a plunger, just pretend to have one."
Jamie says: "Observe, and learn."
Jamie proceeds to mime many hand and arm gestures while moaning puzzlingly.
Pearl says: "What?"
Steven says: "Wow!"
Peridot says: "That's way too confusing."
Peridot says: "You could be holding anything."
Jamie says: "I'm holding a plunger."
Pearl says: "Oh, I thought you were holding a long, skinny submarine sandwich."
Steven says: "Pearl!"
Steven says: "Be nice!"
Peridot says: "It's obviously much more clear if you can see the actual plunger!"
Amethyst says: "Eehh, she's got a point there, dude."
Peridot says: "*snickers* Looks like I improved improv!"
Just then, Bill voiced out from behind a door prop.
Bill says: "Did I miss my cue?"
Bill says: "Oh!"
Bill says: "*walks through the door prop* Whatever!"
Bill says: "Hello ladies, it's me!"
Bill says: "The waiter in this restaurant!"
Bill says: "Can I offer you some more..."
Bill says: "worms?"
Jamie says: "Blackout!"
Pearl says: "..."
Pearl says: "It was better than last week."
Trans. Lighthouse.
Ronaldo was seen looking through a telescope on the lighthouse.
Steven v.o.
Anyways, my dad is still rich even after buying that telescope, so he's been trying out rich people sports.
Trans. Ext. It's a Wash.
Greg and Garnet played tennis together, while Steven watched on a chair.
Steven v.o.
He and Garnet have been playing tennis over the weekends.
Greg ran back and forth on his side of the tennis court, struggling to keep a volley going.
Greg says: "Garnet, this is a little intense for a warm-up."
Greg says: "Maybe we could try a light volley?"
Garnet stood in place on her side of the tennis court, extending her arms to hit the ball with great force.
Garnet says: "This is light."
Garnet says: "Being rich has made you weak."
Once again, Bill ran in, dressed in a tennis outfit and holding a racket.
Bill Dewey says: "Oh, hey!"
Bill Dewey says: "Tennis?"
Bill Dewey says: "Room for one mo- Oww!"
Bill got hit in the face with the tennis ball, while Greg, Garnet and Steven stared at him silently.
Steven v.o.
In other news, Beach City Underground Wrestling has been intense!
Trans. Int. Abandoned Warehouse.
Steven and Amethyst watched from the audience in excitement, as the various wrestlers faced against one another.
Steven v.o.
The Marmalade Boys fought each other in, you guessed it, marmalade. The crowd was eating it up! But not literally, because that would be gross! Concrete Heat faced off against the Wolves of Wall Street in a steel cage! And the Good-Looking Gang finally lost the tag-team title to The Sea Wasp and Shark-O-Mania.
Trans. Ext. Beach Citywalk Fries.
Steven v.o.
I know you don't need to eat anymore, but I thought you'd still be interested in the local french fry scene in Beach City. Peedee started his very own food truck. He's not old enough to drive yet though, so it's kind of just another fry stand.
Steven walked up to Peedee's food truck, named "Hot 2 Tot".
Peedee says: "Hey!"
Peedee says: "Steven, what'll it be?"
Steven says: "What've you got?"
Peedee says: "Well I deal exclusively in tater tots now."
Steven says: "That's great Peedee!"
Steven says: "Can I get the bits?"
Peedee says: "Uh, why don't you try the tots?"
Peedee says: "They're the fry of the future."
Steven says: "Do the tots have bits?"
Peedee says: "*sighs in frustration* I'll get you the bits."
Steven says: "I like your super cool truck, Peedee."
Steven says: "I love the giant potato on the top."
Peedee says: "Oh thanks!"
Peedee says: "It actually used to be the Mayor Mobile, I just painted over Mayor Dewey's head."
Peedee says: "It's a good thing that his head was so big and lumpy."
Peedee says: "Yeah, the new city board practically just gave it to me too."
Peedee says: "It's like they wanted nothing to do with it anymore."
Peedee says: "Everything's been great for me since Nanefua became mayor."
Steven peeked behind the truck and saw Bill munching on tots sadly on a bench. He then got up and walked away.
Steven says: "Oh no..."
Peedee says: "Alright, I got the bits."
Peedee says: "Steven?"
Trans. Int. Beach City.
Steven caught up to Bill as he walked along the streets.
Steven says: "Mayor Dewey!"
Steven says: "Wait!"
Bill says: "You know Universe, seeing my old Mayor Mobile turned into a giant potato, made me realize that nothing is like it used to be."
Bill says: "My old life, my old town, my old citizens, they've all changed."
Bill says: "They've..."
Bill says: "all outgrown me, I suppose."
Steven says: "Well of course everyone's changing."
Steven says: "Nothing can stay the same forever."
Bill says: "You know what I miss the most about being the mayor?"
Bill says: "The little things, getting dressed and ready for work, walking down the boardwalk seeing everyone's smiling faces Yes!"
Bill says: "Knowing I had a place in this town."
Bill says: "I used to look forward to it every day."
Steven and Bill walked together up to the Big Donut.
Bill says: "Just like the people of this town used to look forward to their morning donut."
Bill says: "I guess these days no one gets what they want."
Steven says: "Wait a second..."
Steven says: "I have an idea!"
Trans. Int. The Big Donut.
Bill stood happily behind the counter, wearing the Big Donut uniform and serving happy customers.
Steven v.o.
And so, Mayor Dewey started working at the Big Donut. It seemed as if the entire town showed up for the grand re-opening. The whole thing filled Mr. Dewey with a new sense of purpose. He's really changing things up too. Well, not really, but he is naming all of the donuts after himself.
Mr. Dewey says: "*pulls out a megaphone* Next in line please!"
Barbara says: "I'll have a regular glazed."
Mr. Dewey says: "One Classic Dewey, coming up!"
Mr. Dewey says: "And how about a freshly fried Dewey Roll, on the house!"
Barbara says: "Take it easy, Billy."
Barbara says: "you're gonna go out of business!"
Mr. Dewey says: "Ha ha!"
Mr. Dewey says: "You're cute."
Steven v.o.
But there is one donut that's not named after Dewey.
Trans. Ext. Barriga Residence.
Steven brought Bill, holding a donut box, to Lars' house and knocked on the door. Dante and Martha Barriga answered the door and Bill showed the box full of donuts to them.
Steven v.o.
He let me name a donut after you! It's a pink donut with pink sprinkles, I call it, the "Pink Lars". Even though you're in space, there's still a part of you here. In sweet, delicious donut form. You gotta try one when you get back.
Trans. Int. The Sun Incinerator.
Lars eventually reaches the end of the letter.
Steven v.o.
Anyway, hope this letter finds you in good spirits...
Lars looks up at his hair, only to find Steven laying out of it and reading the letter aloud to him.
Steven says: "Love, Steven."
Lars says: "I appreciate the letter, but why'd you write this if you were just gonna tell me everything in person anyway?"
Steven says: "Sometimes it's nice to be read to."
Lars says: "You realize I don't know who half of these people are right?"
Lars says: "Like, who the heck is Peridot?"
Steven says: "Someone who misses you every day..."
Steven says: "I think."
Steven says: "You know what?"
Steven says: "You haven't met before."
Steven says: "I'll have to introduce you when you get back to Earth."
Lars says: "Huh."
Lars says: "Thanks for the letter, Steven."
The star iris closes on Steven's smiling face.
END.