Open Int. Beach House.
Instead of the actual episode, a trailer for a movie is shown in the opening.
Connie shows Steven the trailer for Dogcopter 3 on her phone.
Movie Narrator says: "This February, the fur hits the fan!"
It is then revealed that Connie is just showing Steven the movie trailer on her phone.
Steven says: "*in awe* Whooaaa..."
Steven says: "I can see why this is your favorite film franchise."
Connie says: "*adjusts her glasses* That's right!"
Connie says: "In a world where humanity is pushed to the brink, it turns out that the one who is most human, is a dog!"
Connie says: "-Copter."
Steven says: "And did you see where that missile came out of?"
Connie says: "*blushes and chuckles* Yeah."
Connie says: "I just hope it stays faithful to the book."
Connie says: "Whooaaa..."
Steven says: "The Gems are back."
Garnet, Pearl and Amethyst appear on the warp pad in different poses.
Garnet says: "Greetings."
Pearl says: "*notices Connie* Oh!"
Pearl says: "Well, hello, Connie!"
Pearl says: "What a surprise to see you!"
Steven says: "We're gonna watch a movie about a wacky, flying dog!"
Steven says: "Show 'em Connie!"
Connie says: "I mean, it's about, much more than that."
On the phone screen, Dogcopter barks with a caption reading "COMING SOON".
Amethyst says: "Oh-ho-ho, that's easy!"
Connie says: "Whoooaaa?!"
Connie says: "!"
Amethyst says: "Who needs to go see movies when you've got, magiiiiiccc!"
Amethyst shapeshifts her head into a boombox and start playing up-beat tempo music. Garnet bobs her head to the beat, while Pearl groans in annoyance.
Steven says: "Aw, stop showin' off, Amethyst."
Steven says: "Connie promises that this movie's even better than any magic."
Connie says: "I did not say that."
Steven says: "And check this out!"
Steven says: "*walks over to the kitchen counter and points to the snacks on top* We got our own snacks."
Connie says: "*explaining to Garnet and Pearl* My parents say I'm not allowed to buy snacks at the theater, So, we're not buying anything at the theater."
Amethyst says: "*shapeshifts her head back to normal and flies towards the snacks* Nom Noms!"
Amethyst says: "Feeeed me!"
Steven says: "*shields the snacks with his arms* Hands off, Amethyst!"
Steven says: "These are for me and Connie to share at the movie!"
Connie says: "Speaking of which, how are we getting to the theater?"
Connie says: "It's..."
Connie says: "kinda far."
Steven says: "* stuffs all of the snacks into his Cheeseburger Backpack* Don't worry, I've got it covered."
Steven says: "Today, we're gonna travel in style!"
Trans. Ext. Beach House.
Steven says: "Introducing the finest in luxury transportation..."
Steven says: "Lion!"
Steven reveal Lion, who is standing at the beach, to Connie. Lion yawns and lies down on the sand.*.
Steven says: "Aw, you little goofball."
Connie says: "*slightly frightened* You have a pet lion?!"
Connie says: "!"
Steven says: "*lifts his face out of Lion's mane* Lion is sorta like a pet."
Steven says: "He does his own thing most of the time, though."
Lion is then seen chomping on something as sparkling feathers falls out of his mouth. Steven and Connie look over and see a half-eaten small reptile by Lion's paws.
Steven says: "See?"
Steven says: "Who KNOWS where he got that?"
Connie says: "Wow, Steven."
Connie says: "Everything in your life is so awesome and magical."
Connie says: "*picks up a stick nearby* The most exciting thing in my life is tennis practice."
Connie says: "*starts swinging it around Forehand!"
Connie says: "Backhand!"
Connie says: "Overhead death strike!"
Steven says: "Whoa!"
Steven says: "Tennis is rad!"
Connie says: "Well, I made up that last one."
Lion starts snarling at Steven and Connie.
Steven says: "I think Lion says we should hurry up and go."
Steven says: "Or maybe he was just yawning."
Steven says: "Anyways, let's go to the movie!"
Steven and Connie gets onto Lion's back, with Steven in the front and Connie behind him.
Steven says: "And we're off!"
Lion just stands there and stares blankly into space.
Steven says: "Uhh..."
Steven says: "Lion, I want you to take us to the movie."
Steven says: "Okay, you're not listening to me."
Steven says: "*turns to Connie and chuckles nervously* Lion isn't trained very well."
Steven says: "But I'm not trained very well either, so we're a—"
Lion's eyes suddenly widen and he roars. He rears up on his hindlegs and begins charging forward*.
Steven says: "Whoa!"
Connie says: "Whoa!"
Lion runs along the boardwalk, before changing direction, and starts to run towards the ocean.
Steven says: "Whoa!"
Connie says: "Whoa!"
Steven says: "Waaait, Lion!"
Steven says: "Don't go in the oceeeeeaaaaan!"
Trans. Ext. Ocean.
Lion leaps forward to the ocean and lands on the water surface, standing upright, as if he is on land.
Steven says: "*surprised* You can walk on water?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "Why don't you tell me you can do these things you d-  -ooooo?!"
Steven says: "!"
Lion continues to run on the water with Steven and Connie riding happily on its back. Some seagulls join in to fly alongside with the group. A fishing boat with people on it comes into view as Lion runs past it.
Steven says: "*waves at the shocked sailors on the boat* Hey-o!"
The shadows of two whales can be seen underwater as Lion keeps running out to sea. Connie soon notices they are getting further and further away from Beach City.
Connie says: "*worried* Uh..."
Connie says: "Are you sure he knows where he's going?"
Steven says: "Maybe it's..."
Steven says: "a shortcut?"
Lion's eyes begin to glow white as he emits a magical roar. The roar shoots across the water and then transforms in a white portal with a pink edge. Lion runs right towards it.
Lion dives into the portal and it closes up behind him. The group is then warping through a dimension with a starry blue and white background. Steven and Connie continue to scream, as Steven clings onto Lion's mane while Connie has her arms wrapped around Steven's waist.
Connie says: "Has he ever done this?"
Steven says: "No."
Steven says: "This is new!"
Trans. Int. Rose's Secret Armory.
The portal opens up in a cave location with a huge platform in the center of a shallow lake. The group emerges through the portal and Lion skids across the water, while Steven and Connie groans in awe from the excitement. Lion then sits down, causing Steven and Connie to fall off of him and into the shallow water.
Steven says: "Whoa!"
Connie says: "Whoa!"
Steven says: "*shakes water off his head like a dog* Are you okay?"
Connie says: "*pushes her wet hair off her face* That was really cool."
Lion, now atop the platform, growls at Steven and Connie to draw their attention and begins walking to the center of the platform.
Steven says: "Lion!"
Steven says: "*climbs up to the platform* Wait!"
Steven says: "Where are you going?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven gasps when Connie, looking around distractedly in wonder, bumps into him.
Connie says: "Oof!"
Connie says: "Whoa!"
Connie says: "Is this one of those magic Gem places that you've told me about?"
Steven and Connie starts walking toward the center of the platform, when the ground suddenly lights up in light pink beneath their feet. The light zooms in towards the center of the platform and becomes a short beam, with Lion standing next to it.
Steven says: "Yep."
Steven says: "Magic gem place."
The beam fades away, as a hand-shaped pedestal with Rose Quartz's symbol raises out from the platform. Steven and Connie run over to inspect the pedestal.
Steven says: "Lion, normally I'm all about this stuff, but this is not the movies."
Lion growls in response.
Steven says: "*throws his hands up in exasperation* What does that mean, Lion?"
Steven says: "What does that even mean?"
Connie says: "*examining the pedestal* What if he brought you here..."
Connie says: "for a reason?"
Steven says: "Well, maybe, but if we don't hurry, we're gonna miss the commercials, and then we might miss the previews, and we still have to find the perfect seats, near the front but not too close."
As Steven is talking, Connie ponders for a moment. She then grabs Steven's hand and places it on the pedestal. The pedestal and the whole platform begins to glow, and Steven and Connie gasp in surprise.
Connie says: "*looks around* Hey, I think it likes you!"
Steven says: "*tries to take his hand off the pedestal* Ah!"
Steven says: "AAAH!"
Steven says: "My hand's stuck!"
Steven says: "It won't..."
Steven says: "come off!"
Connie says: "Hang on!"
Connie says: "*tries to help Steven yank his hand off the pedestal, with no luck* Man, that's really stuck on good."
Connie says: "I guess we'll have to chop it off."
Steven says: "What?!"
Steven says: "!"
A white case emerges out of the platform and opens up, revealing several swords in a line-up.
Connie says: "*excitedly* Hey, swords!"
Steven says: "*panicked* NO!"
The swords retract back into the white case and back into the platform.
Connie says: "Whoa!"
Connie says: "How'd you do that?"
Steven says: "I don't know."
Connie says: "*starts shaking Steven in excitement* Do it again!"
Connie says: "Do it again!"
Steven says: "Um, okay."
Steven says: "*begins straining and grunting, trying to make something happen* Anything?"
Connie says: "No..."
Connie says: "Here."
Steven says: "*flinches* Ow!"
Steven says: "What are you—"
Steven says: "Hey!"
Steven says: "What are you doing?"
Connie says: "Maybe if I do..."
Connie says: "this!"
Steven says: "*jerks and hunches over the pedestal, giggling* Wait, I'm ticklish."
Steven says: "Wait."
Steven says: "Stop."
Steven says: "Stop."
Steven says: "I'm gonna pee!"
A series of armor suits rise out of the platform all around the group.
Connie says: "Whoa, look at all this armor!"
Steven says: "Press my nose!"
Steven says: "Press my nose!"
Connie says: "*pushes a finger against Steven's nose* Boop!"
The suits of armor retract back into the platform. Three laser light cannons attached together then emerge out of the platform.
Steven says: "Are those light cannons?"
Connie says: "*grabs the corners of Steven's mouth and pulls them* Next!"
A bunch of axes rise out of the platform.
Steven says: "Axes!"
Connie says: "Axes!"
A statue of a woman with her arms outstretched and three spikey chain balls hanging on each arm then rises out of the platform.
Steven says: "Spikey chain balls!"
Connie says: "Spikey chain balls!"
A giant coin follows out of the platform.
Steven says: "A giant..."
Connie says: "A giant..."
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Penny?"
Connie says: "*ponders* Does that means it's worth more than a regular penny?"
Steven says: "Well, that would make..."
Steven says: ""cents"."
Lion proceeds to lie down on his side at the edge of the platform, looking rather bored.
Connie says: "This is so great, but..."
Connie says: "*begins to worry* I get the feeling, though, I'm not really supposed to be here."
Steven says: "I want you here!"
Steven says: "I mean, I don't want you here."
Steven says: "I guess Lion wants us here."
Steven says: "But I want us to be at the movies!"
Steven says: "And I want to see lots of explosions."
The pedestal and platform suddenly stop glowing. Steven, his hand now freed, stumbles back onto Connie as the pedestal sinks back into the platform. A whirring noise is heard as a robot rises out of a wide circle in the platform. The robot turns around to face Steven and Connie. Steven and Connie gasps as triangular walls begin to rise all over the platform.
Connie says: "Should we be worried about this?"
Steven says: "Uh..."
Steven says: "*turns to look at Lion, yawning and napping* Lion doesn't seem to be worried."
The triangular walls begin to glow white and the robot glows in yellow. A crackling sound can be heard as the robot generates a ball of electricity from its cannon.
Steven says: "Run!"
Steven and Connie scatter as the electricity ball is fired in their direction, exploding at where they were just standing. The robot starts glowing blue and floats after Steven.
Steven says: "*running and gasping* Connie!"
Connie says: "*running as well* Steven!"
Connie says: "Look out!"
Steven spots the robot in front of him, halting on his tracks. The robot shoots a beam of ice at Steven, which he quickly takes cover behind a triangular wall, and freezes where he was previously standing.
Connie says: "Steven!"
Connie says: "What do we do?!"
Connie says: "!"
The robot, now turning and glowing orange this time, turns its attention to Connie.
Connie says: "*visibly frightened* Ah!"
Steven says: "Connie!"
Steven says: "*tries to runs forward Connie, but slips on the ice* Ah!"
The robot starts shooting fireballs at Connie, as she dodges and jumps out of the way. Steven gets up and helps Connie up on her feet. The robot floats over and prepares to shoot another fireball at the pair. Steven and Connie hold hands and close their eyes in fear, when Steven's protective bubble shield encases around them. The robot shoots the fireball and the force pops the bubble. Steven and Connie are then surrounded in a ring of fire and visibly hurt.
Steven says: "Ugh..."
Steven says: "My bubble."
Steven says: "*notices Lion approaching him* Lion!"
Steven says: "Get us out of here, Lion, please!"
Lion glares at Steven for a brief moment, before lying down on his stomach. Steven and Connie quickly gets on top of Lion's back. Whirring and crackling noises can be heard as the robot, glowing yellow, aims another electric ball at the group. Lion jumps off of the platform and into the water, dodging the robot's attacks, before roaring another portal open and diving through it.
Trans. Ext. Beach City Movie Theater.
Lion leaps out of the portal. A ticket booth lady looks on in surprise as he skids across the road outside of the movie theater.
Steven says: "What!"
Steven says: "?"
Steven says: "*throws his arms out in anger* Now you take us to the movies!"
Steven says: "?"
Lion closes his eyes and sits down, causing Steven and Connie to fall off of his back.
Steven says: "Whoa!"
Connie says: "Whoa!"
Connie says: "*touches a burn on the side of her face* Ah."
Steven says: "Connie, here."
Steven says: "I have something for that."
Steven says: "*pulls out a soda can out of his backpack and hands it to Connie* Sorry."
Steven says: "They're not that cool."
Connie says: "*accepts the soda can and presses it against her cheek* Thanks."
Steven says: "*has a soda can pressed against his cheek too* Well, we're here."
Steven says: "Shall we go in?"
Connie says: "That's okay..."
Connie says: "L-Let's just forget about it."
Steven says: "Huh?"
Steven says: "*gets upset* I-I'm sorry!"
Steven says: "*looks down in shame* Ugh!"
Steven says: "I ruined everything, didn't I?"
Steven says: "I don't know why you hang out with me."
Steven says: "I mess stuff up all the time."
Connie says: "*surprised* I don't know why you hang out with me!"
Connie says: "I'm so much more..."
Connie says: "less interesting than you!"
Connie says: "And obviously you have some sort of magical destiny."
Connie says: "*saddened* Why would you even care about something like Dogcopter?"
Steven says: "Why?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "Because it's Dogcopter!"
Steven says: "He's a dog, and a helicopter, and a cop!"
Steven says: "He shoots missiles out of his butt, and he's gonna save the world!"
Steven says: "*throws up his hands up in excitement* Dogcopter is very cool and important..."
Steven says: "to me."
Connie says: "*looks ashamed* Well, I'm no Dogcopter."
The car behind Connie explodes as a fireball hits it.
Lion snarls as Steven and Connie gets up to see the commotion.
Connie says: "Oh no!"
The robot, glowing in various colors, is half-stuck in Lion's portal.
Steven says: "It's the robot shooty thing!"
Steven says: "How are we supposed to beat it?"
Steven says: "Lion, what do we do?"
Lion's eyes and mane begin to glow white. He leans down and the hilt of a sword with Rose Quartz's symbol sticks out of his forehead.
Steven says: "*grabs the hilt and begins to pull it out of Lion's head* Uh..."
Steven says: "this is weird, right?"
Steven says: "You have a sword in your head?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "Why don't you tell me you can do these things you do?!"
Steven says: "!"
The robot begins to move again and gets through the portal.
Connie says: "It came through!"
The robot continues glowing in various colors and starts rapidly firing projectiles of different elements, destroying the area.
Ticket Booth Lady says: "Whoa!"
The robot continues to fire at various things, causing a sign from the movie theater to fall right in front of Steven, Connie, and Lion.
Steven says: "*holding the sword in fear* What do I do with this?!"
Steven says: "!"
Connie says: "Watch out!"
Connie quickly grabs the hilt of the sword and helps Steven to deflect an incoming electric ball back at the robot. Steven  and Connie exchange happy looks, as the robot begins to aim towards them again.
Connie says: "*guides Steven with the sword in their hands* Forehand!"
Connie says: "*deflects another electric ball* Backhand!"
Steven says: "Overhead..."
Connie says: "Overhead..."
Steven says: "death strike!!"
Connie says: "death strike!!"
Connie and Steven bring their sword up and parry a fireball. They then launch the fireball back at the robot and into its cannon. The robot starts glowing red and making whirring and clanging noises, and explodes.
Connie says: "*awestruck* Just like tennis practice."
Steven says: "*awestruck as well* Magical destiny practice."
The ticket booth lady slowly peeks out from hiding and sees Steven, Connie, and Lion standing in front of the ticket booth.
Steven says: "Hi!"
Ticket Booth Lady says: "*briefly scans the fight scene and smiles awkwardly* Uh, hello."
Steven says: "Two kids, and one lion, to see Dogcopter."
Lion snorts on the glass of the ticket booth, causing it to fog up briefly.
Ticket Booth Lady says: "*looks at Lion and then back at Steven and Connie* Um, do you have a rewards card?"
Trans. Int. Beach City Theater.
On the cinema screen, Dogcopter is eating out of a bowl and a beeping sound can be heard coming from inside the building. Dogcopter looks up and flies out of the building, where an explosion occurs seconds later. Off-screen, Steven and Connie are wearing 3D glasses and watching the movie in awe. Steven is eating cheese puffs and Connie is drinking a soda.
Steven says: "Whoa!"
Steven says: "Was that in the book?"
Connie says: "Eh, they're taking some liberties."
An star iris, parodying M.G.M. films, zooms in on Lion wearing 3D glasses too. Lion growls softly as the episode ends.
END.