Open Int. Big Donut.
Seagulls are seen crying and flying over the beach. Steven is inside the Big Donut struggling to make a food decision, while Lion is napping near the counter.
Steven says: "*looking at the different donut options* Hmmm..."
Steven says: "Hmmm..."
Steven says: "Hmmmm—"
Steven says: "Hmmmm."
Sadie says: "You can do it, Steven."
Steven says: "Thanks, Sadie."
Steven says: "It's just, I could get a donut, which would be tasty."
Steven says: "But I always get donuts."
Steven says: "Shouldn't I be living life to the fullest and trying new things?"
Steven says: "So tonight, maybe I'm thinking..."
Steven says: "Spicy Pretzels?"
Sadie says: "Why don't you ask your little friend?"
Sadie looks at Lion, who suddenly sits up from his nap. Lion then walks over to the Lion Lickers fridge and presses his face against the glass door.
Steven says: "Ugh, Lion, those are gross."
Steven says: "No offense."
Sadie says: "You kids better hurry it up."
Lars then enters from the employee room, jazzing to music on his headphones and eating a donut, and exits the building.
Sadie says: "I'm closing up for the day."
Steven says: "*sees several bags labelled "Sadie" in a fridge* Hey Sadie!"
Steven says: "There's a snack named after you?"
Sadie says: "Nah, those are all lunches my mom packed for me."
Steven says: "Aww, that's so nice."
Sadie says: "Ehh, actually, it's pretty embarrassing."
Sadie says: "She's been doing it for years."
Sadie says: "I mean, I know how to feed myself!"
Sadie says: "They just make me feel like a kid, you know?"
Steven says: "Can I try one?"
Sadie says: "Sure."
Sadie says: "But, choose wisely."
Sadie says: "Some of those have been in there for a few months."
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Steven and Lion return home with one of Sadie's lunches.
Steven says: "Alrighty, Let's see what we've got here."
Steven says: "*pulls the food items out of the lunch bag on the kitchen counter* Looks like a classic PBJ sandwich cut into triangles."
As Steven is examining the food items, Lion sticks his nose into the empty lunch bag and it gets stuck on his face.
Steven says: "Very nice, it's the only shape a sandwich should be."
Steven says: "Mama Sadie, this lunch is a win."
Lion backs up towards the door, trying to get the lunch bag off his face.
Steven says: "And for dessert we have..."
Steven says: "woah look at this!"
Steven says: "*runs up to Lion* Lion, Lion, look!"
Steven says: "It's a cookie shaped like a star."
Steven says: "*laughs and compares it to the star on his shirt* I guess you could say this cookie is..."
Steven says: "out of this world, eh?"
Lion snouts and blows the lunch bag off his nose, hitting Steven in his face. The lunch bag drifts down and Steven, unaffected by the bag, bites into the cookie. He then looks at a painting of his mom hung above the door.
Steven says: "*munching* I wonder what kind of lunch my mom would've made me."
Steven says: "*gasps* Maybe actual space cookies!"
Lion walks besides Steven and sits down, saying nothing.
Steven says: "*sighs* I just wish..."
Steven says: "I knew a little more about her."
Lion pokes his nose at Steven's shoulder and looks at him.
Steven says: "Blink if this means you love me!"
Lion keeps staring at Steven. Steven then blows into Lion's eyes, causing him to blink involuntarily.
Steven says: "He loves me!"
Time Skip — Night time.
Steven prepares a makeshift bed for Lion, using the cushions from the couch.
Steven says: "All done!"
Steven says: "I made sure to make it extra skooshy, just the way you like it!"
Steven says: "Wha..."
Steven says: "hey!"
Lion grunts, leaps up into Steven's Room and crawls into his bed.
Steven says: "Hey, get out of there!"
Steven says: "Lion, this is the Steven bed, not the Lion bed!"
Steven says: "*grunts* Come on!"
Steven says: "Whoa!"
Lion walks off Steven's bed, taking the blanket with him.
Steven says: "Ugh!"
Steven says: "Hey!"
Steven says: "That's mine too!"
Steven says: "*takes off the blanket, and Lion has a teddy bear in his mouth* And Sir Bearington."
Steven says: "Hup!"
Steven says: "Ughh."
Steven says: "*yawns* 'Night lion!"
Lion rolls on the makeshift bed and falls asleep on his back.
Steven says: "Love you..."
Steven says: "in the morning."
Some time passes, Steven suddenly wakes up and finds himself surrounded by pink plants.
Steven says: "*thinking to himself* Whoa..."
Steven says: "What is this place?"
Steven says: "*tries to talk, but cannot hear his own voice* I can't breathe!"
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Pearl calls out to Steven and finds Lion sleeping on top of Steven, who seems to be suffocating and struggling.
Pearl says: "Oh my gosh!"
Pearl says: "Oh my gosh!"
Pearl says: "Hang on!"
Pearl says: "I got you!"
Pearl says: "*tries to pull Steven out by his legs* Ugh, Lion!"
Pearl says: "Let him go!"
Lion lifts his body slightly and Pearl, pulling at full force, is flung backwards with Steven pulled out.
Steven says: "*gasping for air* What happened?"
Pearl says: "Steven, are you all right?"
Pearl says: "Why was Lion sleeping on top of you?"
Steven says: "I don't know."
Steven says: "He's being a little clingy today."
Steven says: "But that's cause I'm his favorite!"
Steven says: "Oh!"
Lion nuzzles against Steven and pull his face into his mane.
Steven says: "See?"
Steven says: "Wait..."
Steven says: "Why are you here, Pearl?"
Pearl says: "*sweating* Me?"
Pearl says: "Nothing."
Pearl says: "I was just uh..."
Pearl says: "Well, you know how I always say..."
Pearl says: "um, I just uh..."
Pearl says: "I like to watch you sleep sometimes."
Pearl says: "And by sometimes, I mean often."
Steven says: "Okie-dokie, it's time for everyone to leave Steven alone."
Steven says: "I'm a growing boy and I needs my rest."
Steven lies down back in his bed, but then sees Lion, sitting at the side of bed and watching over him.
Steven says: "Lion, that means you too."
Steven closes his eyes briefly and opens them again, finding Pearl joining Lion in watching over him too.
Steven says: "*chases Lion and Pearl away with a pillow* Rah!"
Steven says: "Rah!"
Steven says: "Rah!"
Steven says: "Rah!"
Steven says: "Rah!"
Trans. Int. Steven's Dream.
Steven begins to dream, of himself and Dogcopter playing checkers on a tiny island. Steven moves a piece.
Steven says: "Hm!"
Dogcopter places a chess piece on one of Steven's checker pieces.
Dogcopter says: "*speaks without a mouth* I win."
Steven says: "Oh, what?"
Steven says: "That was a good move!"
Dogcopter says: "Thanks."
Steven says: "Dogcopter."
Steven says: "How do you do it?"
Dogcopter says: "How do I do what?"
Steven says: "I mean, what's your secret?"
Steven says: "How'd you get so talented?"
Dogcopter says: "Don't focus so much on talent, Steven."
Dogcopter says: "Making art is all about communication."
Dogcopter says: "A piece of art is a conversation."
Dogcopter says: "Every choice you make, is a statement."
Dogcopter eats the chess piece.
Dogcopter says: "Don't worry about labels, or conforming to a standard."
Dogcopter says: "Just be true to yourself, and people will appreciate your honesty."
Steven says: "Woah."
Steven says: "Thanks for the advice."
Dogcopter says: "And take a deep breath."
Dogcopter flies away.
Steven says: "What?"
Steven then finds himself falling into a void and quickly takes a deep breath. He soon finds himself surrounded by the pink plants again. He gets up and finds himself in the middle of a plain of pink grass.
Steven says: "*thinking to himself* Here again?"
Steven says: "I don't know what this place is but it feels..."
Steven says: "familiar."
Steven says: "Why can't I breathe?"
Steven says: "Wait a minute..."
Steven says: "Lion!"
Steven says: "*struggles and pulls himself away Lion, sleeping atop him again* Ungh!"
Steven says: "Lion, my face is not your bed!"
Steven says: "What's going on with you?"
Lion rolls over on his back, exposing his belly.
Steven says: "You just wanted a belly rub?"
Lion just grunts softly.
Steven says: "*gasps  and starts stroking Lion's belly* You never let me touch your belly!"
Steven says: "Oh!"
Lion pulls Steven in into a hug and shoves his face into his mane.
Steven says: "*struggles around* It's a trap!"
Steven says: "*struggles again* An adorable trap!"
Steven says: "*struggles some more* Okay, you got me!"
Steven says: "*puffs at Lion* Will you let me go?"
Steven says: "Come on now!"
Steven says: "Ugh!"
Steven tries to pull himself free, but Lion hugs him tightly, sinking his claws onto his back.
Steven says: "AAH!"
Steven says: "That's it!"
Steven says: "*steps outside the house* Let's go Lion, you're on a time out!"
Lion just stands in the doorway and look at it.
Steven says: "I said, you're on time out!"
Steven says: "*pushes Lion outside* You're gonna stay out here and think about what you did!"
Steven locks Lion outside on the porch and heads back to his bed. As he does so, Lion begins to yowls sadly and looks at Steven with pitiful puppy eyes, grasping his attention and mesmerizing him.
Steven says: "*gasps* He loves me!"
Steven says: "*goes outside to Lion and hugs him* Aww, I just can't stay mad at you!"
Steven says: "You're a wonderful pink human being."
Steven says: "Except you're not."
Steven says: "'Cause you're a lion."
Steven sinks his face into Lion's mane and finds himself back with the unbreathable pink plain again. He quickly pulls his head out and gasps for air. Lion glares at Steven as he places his palm on Lion's mane, causing it to glows pink. Steven then takes a deep breath and dunks his head back into Lion's mane, back into the pink plain.
Steven says: "*thinking to himself* I'm inside Lion's mane?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven proceeds to dunk his head in and out of Lion's mane repeatedly and laughs in entertainment, causing Lion to growl and glare at him in annoyance.
Steven says: "Sorry, I couldn't resist."
Steven takes another deep breath and climbs all the way into Lion's mane.
Steven says: "*thinking to himself* Am I..."
Steven says: "supposed to do something here?"
Steven says: "Wha..."
Steven says: "?"
Steven says: "*sees a pink tree on a hill in the distance and advances toward it* Mm..."
Steven reaches the tree and looks around at the various things around it, such as Rose Quartz's Battle Flag, a bubbled gem, Rose's sword, an XXL Mr. Universe Shirt, a chest, a picture of Rose and Greg, and a VHS tape. Steven picks up the VHS tape and finds it labelled in cursive, reading "For Steven".
Steven says: "*thinking to himself* For me?"
Steven says: "Who would put this here?"
Steven begins running out of breath again. He then realizes he cannot exit Lion's mane and starts to panic. He starts running back to the pink grass when he trips over a rock. He tumbles down the hill and into the pink grass, successfully exiting Lion's mane and gasps heavily for air. Just then, Pearl is seen exiting the Temple Gate with Amethyst and Garnet.
Pearl says: "..."
Pearl says: "and he keeps sleeping on Steven's face!"
Pearl says: "But Steven doesn't want me watching him anymore."
Pearl says: "So one of you two has to do it."
Steven sees the Gems from outside the house and decides to slip away from them, bringing along the VHS tape with him. He goes to the Big Donut as Lars and Sadie are opening up for the day.
Steven says: "Sadie!"
Steven says: "Sadie!"
Sadie says: "Steven, you know donuts aren't ready for another hour."
Sadie says: "Really?"
Sadie says: "Come on!"
Steven and Sadie sit in the employee room as Steven puts the VHS tape in the TV in the room. They both begin watching the tape as it starts to play. The screen crackles with static and flashes between different shots of the ocean waves and the Crystal Temple, when a younger Greg dances across the screen on the sand.
Rose says: "*chuckling* What are you doing?"
Sadie says: "Steven, that voice."
The screen flashes again, showing Greg napping and snoring on the beach, with a seagull on his stomach.
Rose says: "*chuckles and whispers* Greg made a friend."
The seagull squawks, waking Greg up, and flies off.
Greg says: "What?!"
Greg says: "!"
Greg says: "Ah!"
The screen flashes again, showing just Greg on the screen.
Rose says: "*laughs* Go on..."
Greg says: "Sorry, I'm getting stage fright here."
Rose says: "Tell us about yourself."
Greg says: "Well, let's see here..."
Greg says: "My name is Greg."
Greg says: "No, no, no!"
Greg says: "This is all wrong!"
The screen flashes, opening with a blue crab on the sand.
Greg says: "Okay, go!"
Greg says: "They call me..."
Greg says: "*strums his guitar* Mr."
Greg says: "Universe!"
Greg says: "Get ready baby, you're gonna have the coolest dad this side of the cosmos!"
Greg says: "*mimics a guitar riff* Press the button, Rose!"
Rose says: "Oh, right!"
Rose says: "Was that the right one?"
Greg says: "Uh..."
Greg says: "Maybe."
Rose says: "Oh, what does this one do?"
The iconic star iris then zooms in on Greg and the screen flashes, showing Greg  playing his guitar on the beach, while Rose narrates over the shot.
Rose says: "Isn't it remarkable, Steven?"
Rose says: "This world is full of so many possibilities."
Rose says: "Each living thing has an entirely unique experience."
Rose says: "The sights they see, the sounds they hear."
Rose says: "The lives they live are so complicated..."
Rose says: "a-and so simple."
Rose says: "I can't wait for you to join them."
Rose says: "*turns the camera towards her, revealing herself* Steven, we can't both exist."
Rose says: "I'm going to become half of you."
Rose says: "And I need you to know that every moment you love being yourself, that's me, loving you and loving being you."
Rose says: "Because you're going to be something extraordinary."
Rose says: "You're going to be a human being."
Greg says: "Hey, Rose!"
Rose says: "Take care of them, Steven."
The screen flashes again, showing a pregnant Rose setting the camera down and running up to Greg. Greg caresses Rose's belly and they lean in for a kiss, when the screen flashes for one last time, crackling in static as the tape ends.
Lars says: "*enters the employee room* Hey, Sadie, come on, we got to open up!"
Steven and Sadie turn around to look at Lars with tears in their eyes, causing him to back up in awkwardness. Steven steps out of the room, high-fives Lars' chest and leaves. Sadie then steps out of the room too, wiping away her tears.
Lars says: "What in the world did you guys watch?"
Steven walks out of the Big Donut and hugs Lion. Sadie then picks up the phone on the counter and dials a number.
Sadie says: "Hey, mom?"
Sadie says: "*blushes* You know how I said you didn't have to make me those lunches anymore?"
END.