Open Int. Steven's Room.
Steven is watching the video tape his mom left for him on his TV.
Rose TV.
Steven rewinds the video twice, replaying the part when Rose said "you're going to be something extraordinary" two times, before writing it down on his notepad.
Steven says: "Extraordinary..."
Steven says: "experience."
Lion is seen playing with a crumbled ball of paper on Steven's bed, as he begins to groom himself.
Steven says: "Okay, I think I've got something."
Steven says: "*clears his throat to get Lion's attention* So, this time, I put together the first letter of the first word of every sentence."
Steven says: "It spells "ittaisiaby."
Steven glances back at Lion, who continues to groom himself and remain inattentive.
Steven says: "It might not sound like much, but if you rearrange those letters, it says "Bait it I say," or "I stay a bit," or "I bitty Asia."
Lion overhears Steven's hypothesis, but disregards it quickly.
Steven says: "Well- *sighs* "I bitty Asia" could mean something."
Steven says: "Maybe I'm supposed to go back to Asia?"
Steven says: "And..."
Steven says: "bite something?"
Lion yawns and lies on Steven's bed. Steven puts his notepad down and ejects the VHS tape.
Steven says: "*sighs* There has to be a clue somewhere."
Steven says: "Mom says she wanted to have me."
Steven says: "But, that must mean there's a reason."
Steven says: "There has to be something I was meant to do."
Steven says: "My magical Gem destiny."
Lion starts to gag on Steven's bed.
Steven says: "Come on, Lion."
Steven says: "I need you to focus here."
Lion keeps gagging, on the verge of retching.
Steven says: "No, no, no!"
Steven says: "Lion, at least do it on the floor!"
Lion coughs up something, with liquid splattering, to Steven's displeasure.
Steven says: "Why is it always on the bed?"
Steven notices that Lion has coughed up a pink key.
Steven says: "Magical hair-ball destiny."
Lion retches one more time, coughing up a half-eaten Crystal Basilisk.
Steven says: "Okay."
Steven says: "That's gross."
Steven cleans up the mess on his bed and turns his attention on the key.
Steven says: "Right."
Steven says: "Anyway."
Steven says: "This key."
Steven says: "Mom must have wanted you to give this to me now."
Steven says: "What does it open?"
Steven says: "Hmm..."
Steven says: "Oh!"
Steven says: "Hey, Lion."
Trans Int. Lion's Dimension.
Steven enters Lion's mane and approaches the chest next to the tree. He tries to fit the key to the chest, but finds out it is too big, as he quickly runs out of air.
Steven says: "*pops out of Lion's man and gasps for air* Maybe if I..."
Steven heads back in to try again, only to fail again.
Steven says: "*pops out of Lion's man and gasps for air again* If this key isn't for that chest, then..."
Steven says: "what is it for?"
Trans Rose's Secret Armory.
Lion warps Steven to the armory with his magical portal, and Steven activates the armory.
Steven says: "Nothing to unlock here."
Trans. Rose's Fountain.
Steven and Lion arrives at the fountain, and he throws the key into the water, and nothing happens.
Steven says: "So not here either?"
Trans. Int. Rose's Room.
Steven then enters Rose's Room through the Temple Gate.
Steven says: "Give me something this key unlocks."
A padlock appears in front of Steven. He gasps as he inserts the key and twists it. The padlock unlocks and poofs away, with nothing else happening. Steven groans in disappointment.
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Steven sits on the floor, thinking frustratedly while scratches his head with the key.
Steven says: "Hmm..."
Steven says: "*gasps* Of course!"
Steven says: "The answers were inside me the whole time!"
Steven jabs himself in the head with the key and falls back-first onto the floor.
Steven says: "*sighs deeply* Where am I supposed to go?"
Steven says: "This has to unlock something."
Steven says: "There must be someplace I haven't been."
Steven says: "*crawls to Lion* Lion."
Steven says: "Take me somewhere new."
Lion yawns and turns away.
Steven says: "Hey, come on."
Steven says: "Where did you get this?"
Steven says: "Can you please take me there?"
Steven says: "*puppy eyes* Pleeeeease?"
Steven says: "Argh!"
Lion puts his paw on Steven's head and plants his face onto the floor.
Steven says: "*muffled* Pleeeee..."
Steven says: "*gets up*..."
Steven says: "eeeease?"
Trans. The Desert.
Lion brings Steven to the desert through a magical portal.
Steven says: "Hey."
Steven says: "This is where we found you."
Steven says: "*looks at the key* Something of Mom's is hidden here, right?"
Steven says: "Take me there."
Lion begins running deep into the desert. Time passes on, Lion keeps running through the desert while Steven gets uncomfortable, basking under the hot sun.
Steven says: "*weakly* Where are we going?"
Steven says: "It's been hours."
Steven says: "*sighs* Mom..."
Steven says: "who were you?"
Steven says: "Who am I?"
Steven says: "Garnet..."
Steven says: "Amethyst..."
Steven says: "Pearl..."
Steven says: "They won't say it, but..."
Steven says: "I know they expect something big from me."
Steven says: "But how can I fulfill my destiny if I don't even know what it is?"
Steven says: "Who am I supposed to be?"
Steven gets up and gazes up front. The bright light from the sun blinds Steven's vision partially ahead, till a pair of pink structures appear in the distance.
Steven says: "Mom?"
Lion stops running, and a dehydrated Steven falls off of Lion onto the ground. Steven weakly gets up and gasps, spotting a locked door up ahead.
Steven says: "So this is it."
Steven says: "Couldn't we had just warped here?"
Steven reaches into Lion's mane to refresh himself with a bottle of water. He gazes up at the pink structures as he approaches the locked door.
Steven says: "Whatever's behind this door, I know it's something important."
Steven says: "*jams the key into the locked door* Please tell me my destiny."
Steven opens the door and enters it to the other side.
Steven says: "Wha..."
Steven says: "?"
On the other side of the door, Steven finds piles of junk all around. He picks up a sword nearby and unsheathes it, finding out it is broken.
Steven says: "What?"
Steven says: "Is this..."
Steven says: "just..."
Steven says: "Rose's trash dump?"
A Crystal Basilisk appears in front of Steven, and Lion chases after it, running away from Steven.
Steven says: "*dazed in disbelief* No..."
Steven says: "Please!"
Steven says: "There was supposed to be something here to tell me my purpose!"
Steven says: "This is just a bunch of garbage Mom left behind!"
Steven growls in frustration, tearing up, and kicks a hardhat on the ground far away. He wipes his tear away, when he notices a VHS tape stuck in the ground.
Steven says: "Huh?"
Steven says: "*picks up the tape* It's..."
Steven says: "another tape from Mom?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "But..."
Steven says: "Wh-Who's Nora?"
Steven says: "A-Am I not the only one?"
Steven says: "Do I have a sister?"
Steven says: "Lion!"
Steven says: "what is this?"
Steven says: "W-Who's Nora?"
Lion disregards Steven.
Steven says: "I know I've asked a lot from you today, but please, just one more time."
Steven says: "*clings to Lion's leg* I need your help."
Steven says: "I need to know what this tape means."
Steven says: "I won't get mad the next time you throw up on my bed."
Lion widens his eyes.
Trans. Outskirts of Beach City.
Lion warps Steven once more, emerging in the middle of a road this time.
Steven says: "This is near Beach City."
Steven then hears guitar music playing in the distance.
Steven says: "Nora."
Steven runs toward the source of the music, only to find Greg playing a tune on his guitar by his van on a hill.
Greg says: "Oh, hey, schtu-ball."
Steven says: "Dad?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "You're Nora?"
Greg says: "Who?"
Steven says: "What are you doing here?"
Greg says: "Getting some songs figured out."
Greg says: "Ah, this is sort of my jamming hill."
Greg says: "Used to be a tree by the warehouse, but a 7th-grader with a flute muscled me out."
Steven says: "Uh..."
Steven says: "yeah..."
Greg says: "Are you okay?"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "I found this."
Greg says: "Oh, my gosh."
Greg says: "*grabs the tape* I never thought I'd see this again."
Steven says: "You've seen this tape before!"
Steven says: "?"
Greg says: "Of course."
Greg says: "Come here."
Greg says: "You should too."
Greg puts the VHS tape into his van TV and plays it. Steven watches intently as the screen displays a younger Greg, being followed by a seagull, and being filmed by Rose.
Greg TV.
He's following me now.
Rose TV.
Steven says: "*confused* Dad?"
Greg says: "Shh!"
Greg says: "Keep watching."
The video flashes, opening with the camera pointing down on the sand.
Greg says: ""Okay, now!"
Greg says: ""  "They call me..."
Greg says: "" *strums his guitar* "Mr."
Greg says: "Universe!"
Greg says: "Get ready baby, you're gonna have the coolest dad this side of the cosmos!"
Steven says: "This is..."
Rose TV.
Greg TV.
Rose TV.
Greg TV.
Rose TV.
The video cuts to Rose's message, as Steven keeps watching in perplexity.
Rose TV.
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "My video."
Rose TV.
Steven says: "This is just like the video Mom made me."
Rose TV.
Steven says: "No!"
Steven says: "*pauses the video* I don't understand."
Steven says: "Why is this the same as the video you guys made me?"
Steven says: "Who's Nora?"
Greg says: "*chuckles and wipes away his tears* N-Nora is you."
Steven says: "*dumbstruck* I'm my mom and my sister?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "What kind of destiny is this?!"
Steven says: "!"
Greg says: "No, no."
Greg says: "We just had it down to two names: Steven if you were a boy, and Nora if you were a girl."
Steven says: "So, then, would Nora have the magical destiny if I wasn't here?"
Greg says: "Magical destiny?"
Greg says: "I don't know about that."
Steven says: "But Mom did."
Steven says: "She was trying to tell me something with my tape."
Steven says: "She keeps leaving me..."
Steven says: "puzzle pieces."
Steven says: "*tears up* Sooner or later, I'm going to understand what I'm for!"
Greg says: "Woah!"
Greg says: "Steven, it's okay."
Greg says: "*pats the edge of the van* Come here."
Greg says: "Come here."
Steven says: "*sits down* Am I supposed to be- D-did she want me to be Nora?"
Greg says: "Steven, she just wanted you to be you."
Greg says: "When you have a kid, you have no idea who they're gonna be."
Greg says: "Even Garnet couldn't predict it."
Greg says: "That's what was so exciting to your mom, that life is full of so many possibilities, and you would get to explore them for yourself."
Greg says: "I mean, you could be Steven or Nora or anyone else."
Greg says: "And you can always change your name."
Greg says: "Hey, I did."
Steven, after a little pause, resumes the tape.
Rose TV.
The video ends and the screen fizzles with static.
Steven says: "So that's it."
Steven says: "I'm just..."
Steven says: "supposed to be her kid."
Greg says: "Well..."
Greg says: "yeah."
Greg says: "Is that okay?"
Steven says: "Yeah."
Steven says: "*wipes away his tears* I think I can handle that."
Steven and Greg embrace each other, as the camera pans over to Beach City over the night sky.
END.