Open Int. Steven's Bathroom.
Steven is seen filling his bathtub full of warm water. He retrieves three Diamond Aura Bottles from the mirror cabinet, winking at himself in the mirror, and drips a drop from each bottle into the bathtub.
Steven says: "Mwah!"
Steven kisses his finger, coating it in his healing spit, and dips it into the water, turning it into rainbow-colored healing water. He then reaches for a bubbled gem next to him.
Steven places the bubble in the bathtub and it pops, dunking the gem into the water. The formerly-corrupted Gem begins to reform, revealing to be a Cherry Quartz. Startled by her own return, the Quartz stumbles in the bathtub.
Steven says: "Hello!"
Cherry Quartz says: "Where am I?"
Cherry Quartz says: "Who are you?"
Steven says: "That used to be a loaded question, but now I can say with confidence that I'm Steven Universe!"
Steven says: "And you're in my bathroom."
Cherry Quartz says: "*looks at herself in the mirror* What happened to me?"
Cherry Quartz says: "*gasps and grabs the plunger* What is this?!"
Cherry Quartz says: "!"
Steven says: "You were corrupted in a Diamond blast, but you've just been healed!"
Steven says: "And that is a plunger..."
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Steven and Cherry Quartz walk out of the bathroom into his house.
Steven says: "Let me fill you in on everything you've missed."
Cherry Quartz says: "Missed?"
Steven says: "We have some reading material, available in both English and Gem Glyph."
Steven hands a pair of brochures to Cherry Quartz, titled "You & Your New Horns" and "Era 3 & Me!".
Steven says: "Spanish translation forthcoming."
Trans. Ext. Crystal Temple.
Outside on the beach, the Dondai Supremo is parked on the sands, as Steven twirls the car keys on his finger. He proceeds to take the driver seat.
Steven says: "Watch your head."
The big-sized Cherry Quartz curls on the passenger seat. Steven inserts a cassette tape into the music player and begins driving the car.
Steven Narrating.
Life is a little different these days. The Diamonds have ended their reign of terror. The intergalactic war is over, and Earth is officially an independent planet. We're all safe to explore our dreams. Lars opened up his own pastry shop, and it's got a real cute space gimmick goin' on.
Lars is seen sweeping the ground outside of his bakery, and he waves at Steven as he drives by.
Steven Narrating.
Sadie's been touring with The Suspects, promoting their new album, and Connie has been getting a head start on college prep. She's two years away from applying, but she says it doesn't hurt to start early.
Sadie Killer and the Suspects are seen rocking out, and Connie is seen studying in her room.
Steven says: "And speaking of higher education, Garnet, Amethyst, Pearl and I have been cooking up a dream of our own!"
Cherry Quartz says: "I have no idea who you're talking about."
Steven says: "*chuckling* Don't worry about it."
Steven says: "You'll learn all that, and more, right here at Little Homeschool."
Steven drives into the Gem town, as a Roaming Eye is seen flying off from it.
Trans. Int. Little Homeworld.
Steven begins touring Cherry Quartz around, as various Gems are seen enjoying themselves in their own activities.
Steven says: "Here at Little Homeschool, you have a chance to rediscover yourself and learn to live on Earth if you like."
Steven says: "You can forge a new identity."
Bismuth is seen teaching a blacksmith class while the Heaven and Earth Beetle watch on.
Steven says: "Grow your own ideas."
Peridot is seen teaching a gardening class to Blue Lace Agate.
Steven says: "And even find your inner Morp!"
Vidalia is seen teaching an art class. Yellow Pearl is posing elegantly, while Crazy Lace Agate, Bixbite, a Nephrite and Blue Pearl draw her.
Cherry Quartz says: "Wait, what's a "Morp"?"
Steven says: "That's exactly the kind of question we love to hear!"
Steven brings Cherry Quartz to Garnet, who is seen teaching what looks like a yoga class to various Gems, such as Topaz, Zebra Jasper and a Ruby.
Garnet says: "Find your center, your very core."
Garnet says: "Remember - your body isn't just a projection of light, but also a reflection of your inner soul."
Steven says: "*standing upside-down* Garnet teaches, uhh..."
Steven says: "All sorts of stuff!"
Pearl is seen teaching some Gems too, such as Snowflake Obsidian, Larimar and Orange Spodumene, as she speaks on her cellphone.
Pearl says: "Hello?"
Pearl says: "Pearl speaking."
Holo-Pearl says: "*speaking on another cellphone* This is Holo-Pearl."
Pearl says: "Oh hi, Holo-Pearl."
Pearl says: "To what do I owe the pleasure of your calling?"
Holo-Pearl says: "Just calling to see how you are."
Holo-Pearl then instantly disappears, and its phone drops onto the ground.
Pearl says: "That's an example of the use of the human short-range telecommunications device, called a phone."
Steven says: "Pearl will teach you all about human technology."
Cherry Quartz says: "Whose Pearl is that?"
Steven says: "Mm, that- that's not how things work here; nobody belongs to anybody."
Steven says: "On Earth, you can decide for yourself what you want to do."
Cherry Quartz says: "Really?"
Cherry Quartz says: "How?"
Lastly, Steven brings Cherry Quartz to attend Amethyst's class, where Ocean Jasper, Biggs Jasper and Onion are gathered.
Amethyst says: "Hello."
Amethyst says: "I'm Professor Amethyst."
Amethyst says: "Go on, take a seat wherever."
Amethyst says: "I'll be teaching "How to Decide Stuff for Yourself 101"."
Amethyst says: "Today's lesson is: there is no lesson."
Amethyst says: "*casts aside her glasses* Just do whatever you want for an hour."
Amethyst says: "*turns to Steven* Hey, Steven, you wanna grab some lunch?"
Steven says: "Sure!"
Steven and Amethyst begin to walk off, leaving a confused Cherry Quartz behind with the class.
Trans. Beach City Boardwalk.
Steven and Amethyst are seen sitting on a bench, eating fry bits and drinking soda.
Amethyst says: "*sighs* This school thing's such a cool idea."
Amethyst says: "I love being a teacher."
Amethyst says: "No one's ever looked up to me before, you know?"
Amethyst says: "Except for, uh, widdle baby Steven!"
Amethyst playfully rubs Steven's belly, causing the latter to laugh.
Amethyst says: "Seriously, dude, it's been going great!"
Amethyst says: "Everyone wants to come and learn how to be an Earthling."
Steven says: "Uhh..."
Steven says: "not everyone."
Amethyst says: "Pfff!"
Amethyst says: "Man, forget her!"
Steven says: "I don't know, I'm worried."
Steven says: "We healed all these Gems, and built that town and the school, because I wanted to fix some of the bad things the Diamonds did."
Steven says: "Knowing there's someone out there still hurting because of the Diamonds, because of..."
Steven says: "my mom..."
Steven says: "Uh- I mean, I know it's not my fault, but if there's a chance I could make it better, shouldn't I try?"
Amethyst slurps loudly at her soda, unimpressed by Steven's remark.
Amethyst says: "I think you..."
Amethyst says: "should stop trying to fix everyone."
Steven says: "Yeah."
Steven says: "You're right..."
Trans. Int. Beach City Woods.
Some time later, Steven walks up into the woods at the outskirts of Beach City alone. He then comes across a clearing in the woods, with a rock cave with a drapery entrance, devoid of trees, plants and animals in its surroundings. Steven attempts to take a step forward, when someone yells out to him.
Hold it!
Steven looks around and notices a cloaked figure on top of the cave. The figure takes off the cloak, revealing to be Jasper, and she glares down at Steven.
Jasper says: "Ugh!"
Jasper says: "What do you want now?!"
Jasper says: "!"
Steven says: "Jasper..."
Steven says: "I just want to talk!"
Jasper scoffs and jumps down, landing in front of Steven.
Steven says: "So, umm..."
Steven says: "how's it going?"
Steven says: "I know it's been a while since we last, uh, talked..."
Jasper glares to the side, as Steven notices a beetle entering the clearing.
Without hesitation, Jasper stomps her foot on the bug, to Steven's horror.
Steven says: "Why did you do that?!"
Steven says: "!"
Jasper says: "Any Earthling that invades my space gets crushed."
Jasper says: "Took forever to yank those puny green Earthlings out of the ground."
Steven says: "You mean grass?"
Jasper says: "I don't know their names!"
Steven says: "So what's with the rocks?"
Jasper says: "Training."
Jasper grabs a giant boulder in one hand and hurls it on top of a pile of rocks in front of the cave.
Steven says: "Oh, I thought maybe- Uh!"
Jasper walks past Steven, intentionally bumping into him.
Steven says: "-Maybe you were getting into art?"
Steven says: "That pile really complements the decor."
Unamused, Jasper kicks the rock pile, causing a rock to roll towards Steven, who inches aside to dodge it.
Steven says: "Okay."
Steven says: "What are you even training for?"
Steven says: "There's no one left to fight."
Jasper says: "There's always someone to fight!"
Jasper says: "There's just no one left worth fighting."
Steven says: "In that case, maybe you could come join us at Little Homeschool?"
Jasper says: "No."
Steven says: "Come on."
Steven says: "We're all learning and growing together."
Jasper snorts in disinterest.
Steven says: "An-And you could be a part of that."
Jasper says: "Sounds dumb."
Steven says: "You know, half those Gems are soldiers who fought by your side before they were corrupted and turned into monsters."
Steven says: "They're lost and confused and still a little messed up, but they're getting the help they need."
Jasper says: "So?"
Jasper says: "Who cares?"
Steven says: "*getting angry* I do!"
Steven says: "And if I didn't care, you'd still be a monster too!"
Jasper says: "And what?"
Jasper says: "Now I owe you?"
Steven says: "No!"
Jasper says: "You think because you did something I never asked for, I'm going to obey you?"
Steven says: "No!"
Jasper says: "Like all the other Gems you used."
Steven says: "*frustrated* Arrggghhh!!!"
Steven says: "I only came here because I felt bad for you, but all of this is your own fault!"
Steven says: "All the other Gems were corrupted by the Diamonds, but- but you corrupted yourself just to win a fight, which you lost, to me!"
Steven says: "No one's making you stay here all alone in the middle of nowhere ready to fight a war that's been over for years!"
Steven says: "Are you just gonna sit here for centuries waiting for someone to give you a purpose?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "Because I'm TRYING to give you one!"
Jasper says: "Listen, weakling!"
Jasper says: "You might have Pink Diamond's gem, but you are not my Diamond!"
Jasper says: "*presses her finger on Steven's forehead* And I am not going to take orders from some weak, sappy, useless piece of dirt!"
Jasper says: "If you think you're hard enough to tell me what to do, then fight me and prove it."
Steven says: "Fine!"
Jasper says: "*pauses, and turns around excitedly*..."
Jasper says: "Really?!"
Jasper says: "!"
Steven takes on a fighting stance.
Jasper says: "Huh, well then!"
Jasper says: "Why don't you throw the first punch?"
Jasper beckons tauntingly at Steven, and he punches her in her arm, knocking her back a short distance. All revved up, Jasper laughs menacingly and charges at Steven.
Steven says: "I..."
Steven says: "guess we're doing this."
Steven quickly summons his bubble shield and Jasper punches him away, sending him rolling into the woods. Steven begins rolling away from Jasper, who chases after and attempts to punch him. She then deliver a kick, knocking Steven into a tree, which causes a bird nest to fall off a branch.
Steven says: "No, no, no, no!"
Steven says: "Babies!"
Steven catches the bird nest and uses it to catch the falling baby birds. He then bubbles the nest and throws it into the bush, putting it out of harm's way.
Steven says: "Touchdown!"
Jasper quickly approaches, and Steven summons his shield to block her attacks, which knocks him off his feet.
Jasper says: "Stop trying to help those tiny flapping Earthlings, and fight me!"
Steven says: "I'll never stop trying to help them!"
Steven says: "Or you!"
Jasper kicks Steven's shield away, causing it to dissipate as it hits a tree.
Jasper says: "I don't need your help!"
Jasper says: "*stomps on Steven* You're the one that needs help."
Jasper says: "You think you've beaten me, but you've never beaten me on your own."
Jasper says: "You've always been a fusion!"
Jasper says: "You've always had your FRIENDS!"
Jasper says: "Because you're nothing without them!"
Jasper says: "You think everyone needs help!"
Steven says: "*tears up* I- I just..."
Jasper says: "But it's only you."
Jasper says: "No one is as pitiful as you!"
Shaken by Jasper's words, a pink glow suddenly envelops Steven. Manifesting this new power, Steven pushes back against Jasper's stomp with great strength, knocking her into the air.
Steven says: "Whoa."
Steven says: "*examining his pink state* What?"
Steven summons a bubble glove on his hand and charges at Jasper.
Steven says: "I'm..."
Steven says: "not..."
Steven says: "pitiful!"
Steven punches Jasper hard enough to send her flying through the woods, felling many trees in her path with unprecedented strength. Despite that, Jasper chuckles in amusement, as Steven approaches.
Jasper says: "Ha, not bad."
Jasper and Steven continue their brawl, with Steven in the upper hand. Jasper charges at Steven with a spin-dash, and he catches her easily in his hand.
Jasper says: "Nice catch."
Steven says: "You should see my throw!"
Steven throws Jasper up in the sky and jumps after her, unleashing a flurry of air lunge attacks at her, while she continues to laugh in amusement.
Steven says: "STOP LAUGHING!!!"
Steven punches Jasper downwards, slamming her into the ground and causing a humanoid-shaped crater. Steven gasps in shock as he slowly descends down to the ground, and his pink power slowly fades away, returning him back to normal.
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Jasper!"
Jasper, seemingly unharmed, easily picks herself off the ground and shakes the dust off of her.
Jasper says: "Hmph."
Jasper says: "I didn't think you had it in you."
Steven says: "I don't- I-I don't know what that was."
Steven says: "I'm sorry."
Jasper says: "Ugh..."
Jasper says: "Don't apologize."
Steven says: "I..."
Steven says: "think I had you all wrong."
Steven says: "Maybe, you don't have something to learn from me."
Steven says: "Maybe, I have something to learn from you."
Confused, Jasper raises an eyebrow.
Steven says: "Would you ever be interested in teaching?"
Jasper says: "Tssh!"
Jasper says: "At your crummy little school?"
Steven says: "No, just me."
Steven says: "You brought something out of me I didn't know I had."
Jasper walks up to Steven, places her hand on his shoulder, and kneels down to him.
Jasper says: "Consider that fight back there your first, and only, lesson."
Steven says: "Well, can I come back to see you sometime?"
Jasper says: "Do what you want."
Finally coming to a form of reconciliation with Jasper, a happy Steven begins walking back to town.
Steven Narrating.
There are fundamental things about ourselves that we know to be true. It's important to remember those things when you find yourself in a tough situation, or you need to make decision from the heart.
As Steven strolls through the woods, he comes across a damaged tree from the brawl earlier, and he heals it with his spit. He then puts the bird nest from earlier back in the tree where it belongs.
Steven Narrating.
But it's equally important to know that you can surprise yourself too. I thought I'd finally figured myself out, but it looks like I still have more to learn. Man, life is a wonderful mystery.
Steven avoids stepping on another beetle, as he eventually makes his way back to Little Homeworld.
Steven says: "Am I right?"
Cherry Quartz says: "Yeah..."
Cherry Quartz says: "So, uh..."
Cherry Quartz says: "Can you sign off on my class schedule?"
Steven says: "Oh, uh, right."
Steven says: "Let me help you with that."
Steven signs his name on Cherry Quartz's class schedule, finishing it off with a star.
END.