Open Int. The Barn.
Peridot is staring out of the hole in the side of the barn, recording a log in her tape recorder.
Peridot says: "*calmly* Log date 7 15 2..."
Peridot says: "*hysterically* I can't believe I just did that!"
Peridot says: "I disobeyed my orders and went against Yellow Diamond's wishes!"
Peridot says: "I'm a traitorous clod!"
Peridot says: "I never want to think about what I've done again!"
Tape Recorder Peridot.
Peridot says: "*snickers delightedly* Yehahaha!"
Peridot says: "And I called Yellow Diamond a clod RIGHT TO HER FACE!"
Peridot says: "*whimpering and sweating profusely* I called Yellow Diamond a clod..."
Peridot says: "right to her face!"
Steven says: "Uh, Peridot?"
Steven says: "Are you gonna be okay?"
Tape Recorder Peridot.
Peridot says: "*turns to Steven with a deranged smile* No!"
Steven says: "It's all gonna work out."
Steven says: "You're with us now."
Peridot says: "*clings onto Steven* You don't understand!"
Peridot says: "I'm protecting a planet I was once trying to destroy!"
Peridot says: "I used to follow every order."
Peridot says: "Every rule."
Peridot says: "Now I'm a traitor."
Peridot says: "A rebel!"
Peridot says: "*eyes turn into stars* A Crystal Gemmmmmmm!"
Peridot rewinds her tape recorder repeatedly.
Tape Recorder Peridot.
Steven says: "Well..."
Steven says: "That tape recorder seems to be helping."
Peridot says: "No it's not!"
Peridot says: "It's a chronicle of my descent into madness!"
Peridot throws away her tape recorder, which hits Garnet in the face and she catches it. Garnet then approaches Peridot with her tape recorder.
Garnet says: "You dropped this."
Peridot says: "*crawls on the floor and hides behind Garnet* Get it away from me."
Peridot says: "Give it to Steven; return madness to its source!"
Garnet shrugs and hands the tape recorder to Steven.
Steven says: "Are you sure you don't want it?"
Peridot says: "*holding her face* Whatever, it's yours now."
Peridot says: "Yours, not mine, not mine!"
Peridot says: "Yours!"
Peridot says: "Yours!"
Garnet says: "*puts her hand on Peridot's shoulder* Let's calm down."
Peridot says: "..."
Peridot says: "Okay."
Peridot says: "So am I gonna have to wear a star?"
Peridot says: "Where am I gonna put the star?!"
Peridot says: "!"
Garnet gently lifts Peridot up and carries her out of the barn.
Steven says: "They seem to be getting along well."
Steven says: "I wonder when that happened..."
Steven looks at the tape recorder in his hand. He then looks awkwardly away and presses the rewind button, rewinding the tape all the way back to the beginning of Peridot's logs on Earth, cuing in several flashbacks.
Trans Int. the Barn.
Steven and Peridot are sitting on the back of the truck in the barn.
Tape Recorder Peridot.
Peridot snatches the tape recorder from Steven.
Tape Recorder Peridot.
Steven says: "It's just Steven."
Tape Recorder Peridot.
Peridot hisses at Steven.
Tape Recorder Peridot.
Steven says: "*wags his finger at Peridot* Rude."
Tape Recorder Peridot.
Fast-Forward; Trans. Ext. the Barn.
Peridot observes a ladybug crawling on a blade of grass and then flying off.
Tape Recorder Peridot.
Greg is repairing the roof of the barn, when Peridot climbs atop and sits down in front of him.
Greg says: "Ohh, you must be Peridot."
Peridot stares intently at Greg, making him nervous. Suddenly, Peridot pushes Greg off the roof.
Greg says: "Whooaoh aaaaahhh!"
Greg falls backwards off the roof and Peridot walks over to peek over the edge. Garnet is seen standing on the ground, holding Greg, having caught him from his fall.
Garnet says: "Peridot!"
Peridot says: "What do you want?"
Garnet says: "You can't just shove someone off a roof!"
Peridot says: "Why not?"
Garnet says: "This is a human, he isn't like us."
Garnet says: "He's fragile and soft."
Greg says: "Hey, it's not like a six pack is going to save you from that height."
Garnet says: "You could've seriously hurt him!"
Peridot says: "Well, how was I supposed to know that?"
Garnet says: "Hmm."
Garnet says: "Greg, you have to excuse Peridot."
Garnet says: "She's far from her homeworld and she still has a lot to learn about our planet."
Peridot says: "No I don't!"
Garnet says: "Yes you do!"
Greg says: "Ahh, hey yeah, don't worry about it."
Peridot says: "Gahhh!"
Tape Recorder Peridot.
Fast-Forward; Trans. Int. the Barn.
Peridot is cleaning the inside the barn, holding a mop upside down and rubbing the handle across the floor, causing several scratches on the floorboard.
Tape Recorder Peridot.
Peridot violently sweeps some items off a chest.
Tape Recorder Peridot.
Peridot opens the chest and lifts up a pair of boxers with alien heads pattern on them.
Tape Recorder Peridot.
"Imagine says: "appearance modifiers that aren't melded to your body."
Peridot puts the shorts on.
Peridot says: "Oooh, hehehehehe."
Peridot begins to giggle indulgently, when Garnet walks in.
Garnet says: "Nice shorts."
Peridot says: "Ahh!"
Peridot says: "Ho- How did these get here?!"
Peridot says: "!"
Fast-Forward; Trans. Ext. the Barn.
Peridot is working on a piece of metal with a blowtorch outside of the barn. Steven then walks up to her from behind, holding something behind his back.
Tape Recorder Peridot.
Steven says: "*holds out a pair of paint cans* Happy one month canniversary!"
Peridot says: "..."
Peridot says: "Cylinders?"
Steven says: "They're stilts."
Steven says: "You tie them on to your feet and then make you taller."
Steven says: "I tried to spruce them up a bit."
Steven says: "I dunno what it is about flames, but they just make everything cooler."
Peridot says: "Why are you giving me these?"
Steven says: "Because I want you to feel nice!"
Steven says: "That's what gifts are for."
Steven says: "You give them to your friends to show you care."
Steven says: "And they go "wow, thanks!"
Peridot says: "*takes the stilts* Hef!"
Peridot says: "As if I'd stoop so low as to tie your earth trash to my body."
Peridot says: "Leave me!"
Peridot says: "*shoves Steven away* Go-go-go-go-GO!"
Peridot says: "AND "WOW THANKS!"
Time Skip - Night-time.
Peridot is inside the barn, trying on the stilts.
Peridot says: "*talking to herself* Why yes Pearl, I did get taller."
Peridot says: "How correct for you to notice."
Peridot says: "Of course, Amethyst, I will acquire those Chee-Z Chaps from that very high shelf."
Peridot says: "*jumps and stumbles backwards* Hahaha!"
Peridot says: "They even function in reverse!"
Fast-Forward; Trans. Int. the Barn.
Peridot stands in front of a mirror in the barn, holding a book titled "Jokes! How to Make People Laugh Around You Instead of Feel Bad".
Tape Recorder Peridot.
Peridot says: "*clears her throat and talks to herself in the mirror* "Why did the chicken cross the road?"
Peridot says: ""..."
Peridot says: ""The chicken wanted to get the other side of the road."
Peridot says: ""..."
Peridot says: "*forces a laugh* Ahhh, hahaha!"
Peridot says: "..."
Peridot says: "What's a chicken?"
Fast-Forward; Trans. Int. the Barn.
Steven installs a TV inside the barn for Peridot to watch.
Tape Recorder Peridot.
Steven inserts a VHS tape in the TV and "Camp Pining Hearts" begins to play.
TV Narrator says: "On the last episode of Camp Pining Hearts..."
Paulette says: "I don't care if you're on the yellow team, Percy."
Paulette says: "We can make this work."
Percy says: "It's color war, Paulette."
Percy says: "Does that mean anything to you?"
Paulette and Percy close in for a kiss.
Peridot says: "What is this strange ritual?"
Steven says: "*uncomfortably* Uhh, that's umm—"
Peridot says: "Are they attempting fusion?"
Steven says: "*blushes* No, well, my dad told me during certain stages of your life..."
Peridot says: "How could anyone indulge in this..."
Peridot says: "baseless drivel!"
Peridot says: "?"
Peridot says: "I'll have no part of it!"
Fast-Forward.
Peridot is sitting extremely close to the TV screen.
Tape Recorder Peridot.
Percy says: "It's the color war, Paulette."
Peridot says: "It's the color war, Paulette."
Percy says: "Doesn't that mean anything to you?"
Peridot says: "Doesn't that mean anything to you?"
Steven walks in, wearing his banana pajamas.
Steven says: "Uh, you've been here for a few days, is everything okay?"
Peridot says: "I've just been.."
Peridot says: "watching your previously recorded entertainment."
Steven says: "Is that..."
Steven says: "the same episode from three days ago?"
Peridot says: "There's more than one?"
Steven says: "Ummmm..."
Steven says: "nah."
Steven says: "*shrugs* Oh, you made a picture."
Peridot says: "*quickly grabs and holds up the paper, revealing a shipping chart* Picture?"
Peridot says: "This isn't just a picture Steven!"
Peridot says: "It's a complex chart cataloging the compatible characteristics between campers."
Peridot says: "Somehow, the rejects at "Camp Clod" fail to recognize the superior pair that is Pierre and Percy."
Steven says: "Well, that's because Paulette likes Percy."
Peridot says: "Paulette?"
Peridot says: "Ha!"
Peridot says: "Paulette has no place in the camp's hierarchy."
Peridot says: "Now Pierre, Pierre is a brute, Pierre laid waste to the three legged races!"
Peridot says: "Pierre and Percy present the strongest battle formations, they'd destroy the camp!"
Steven says: "You got all this from one episode?"
Peridot says: "It's..."
Peridot says: "subtext Steven."
Peridot says: "Allow me to explain."
The flashbacks suddenly pause, returning to Steven in the present, listening to Peridot's logs while eating chips.
Tape Recorder Peridot.
Steven says: "*annoyed* Ugh, I remember this part."
Steven presses the fast-forward button, speeding through the log Peridot energetically explaining her theories.
Tape Recorder Peridot.
The tape then stops fast-forwarding at this point and the flashback resumes. Steven is asleep on couch while Garnet sits in to listen to the end of Peridot's explanation.
Peridot says: "..."
Peridot says: "And that's why Percy and Pierre are objectively the best for each other!"
Steven flops off the couch, still asleep. Garnet gives Peridot a thumbs-up and Peridot tears up her chart while screaming angrily.
Fast-Forward; Trans. Ext. the Barn.
Pearl is working on the drill while Garnet watches on and Peridot records in her tape recorder.
Peridot says: "Log Date 7 13 2."
Peridot says: "Progress on the cluster drill is going optimal, surprisingly."
Peridot says: "Though I have a few complaints on the work ethic of—"
Amethyst says: "*suddenly pops in, shapeshifted as Lion* Heyyyy!"
Peridot stiffened, startled by Amethyst, giggling in delight.
Pearl says: "Amethyst, really."
Pearl says: "*lifts up her welding helmet* This is no time to be fooling around."
Amethyst says: "Aww..."
Amethyst says: "Come on P, I'm just tryin'ta "lion" the mood."
Amethyst says: "*pause* "Lion" the mood."
Pearl brings down her welding helmet and grumbles in annoyance behind it.
Peridot says: "Do you always use shapeshifting like this?"
Amethyst says: "You mean to be really cool?"
Amethyst says: "*shapeshifts into Peridot* Pretty much."
Peridot says: "But it's such a—"
Peridot says: "Significant use of energy compared to the output."
Amethyst says: "Significant use of energy compared to the output."
Peridot says: "What was that?"
Amethyst says: "I've been practicing my "Periphrasing", pretty impressive in my opinion, but it's hard to beat the original."
Peridot says: "*blushes* Heheheh."
Peridot says: "So, can you shift into anything?"
Amethyst says: "Sure."
Amethyst says: "*shapeshifts back to normal* Got a request?"
Time Skip.
Amethyst, shapeshifted as a chicken, begins running around the place while the other Gems watch.
Amethyst says: "Bawck bawck!"
Amethyst says: "I'm a chicken!"
Amethyst says: "Ahaha'h'a!"
Peridot says: "*points and laughs* I get the joke now!"
Pearl says: "Heh, yes well at least she isn't "lion" around anymore, heheh."
Peridot says: "*forces a laugh* Ahahaha!"
Tape Recorder Peridot.
Fast-Forward.
Pearl and Amethyst stand in front of the completed drill.
Pearl says: "Okay, we can add more support as we go, but for now we just have to pick it up and put it on top."
Amethyst says: "No sweat."
Amethyst says: "*shapeshifts into Purple Puma* Let's do this!"
Pearl says: "You've got the right idea but we might wanna be a bit more careful."
Amethyst says: "*shapeshifts back to normal* Gotcha."
Amethyst says: "Ahem, shall we?"
Pearl and Amethyst dance and fuse into Opal, startling Peridot, who is working nearby. Opal stretches, picks up the drill and puts it on a pair of placement boards.
Garnet says: "That looks great!"
Garnet says: "Let's take a break."
Peridot says: "Wha?"
Peridot glares at Opal and then runs up to Garnet, who is relaxing on a hay bale.
Peridot says: "Alright, I'm at my limit!"
Garnet says: "Evening, Peridot."
Peridot says: "Explain it to me, fusion!"
Peridot says: "I can at least make sense of your existence if it's for a functional purpose."
Peridot says: "But you?"
Peridot says: "You're not using your combined size and strength to do anything!"
Garnet says: "I'm doing something."
Peridot says: "And what's that?"
Garnet says: "Stargazing."
Peridot says: "Eugh."
Peridot says: "You can do that alone."
Garnet says: "Don't want to."
Peridot says: "Hmph."
Garnet pats the hay bale beside her, and Peridot sighs and sits down next to Garnet.
Garnet says: "You can see Homeworld's galaxy from here."
Peridot says: "*gazes up* You're right."
Garnet says: "We're very different, I appreciate that."
Peridot says: "Really?"
Garnet says: "If you really want to understand fusion, I can help you."
Peridot says: "What do you mean?"
Garnet says: "Let's fuse."
Peridot says: "Oh my stars!"
Garnet says: "Hah, I get it."
Garnet says: "You're not ready, that's fair."
Garnet says: "Another time then."
Peridot says: "No!"
Peridot says: "Uh, no no no, just—"
Peridot says: "Just give me a sec!"
Peridot walks into the barn. Later, Peridot returns on her paint bucket "stilts". Garnet starts playing music, and begins dancing with Peridot.
Garnet says: "Get ready."
Peridot says: "Nuh, no no no no no."
Peridot backs away from Garnet, nearly falling over in the process.
Peridot says: "I can't do it."
Garnet says: "That's fine!"
Garnet says: "Peridot, I'm proud of you."
Peridot says: "Why!"
Peridot says: "?"
Garnet says: "Because you made an effort to understand me."
Peridot says: "But I still don't understand you!"
Peridot says: "Why are you fused all the time?!"
Peridot says: "!"
Garnet says: "I'm Percy and Pierre."
Peridot says: "..."
Peridot says: "Ohhhhh!"
Trans. Int. the Barn, Present Day.
The flashback ends, returning to Steven, still listening to the tape recorder as he fast-forwards the tape again.
Tape Recorder Peridot.
Tape Recorder Garnet.
Tape Recorder Peridot.
Tape Recorder Garnet.
Tape Recorder Peridot.
Steven stops the tape recorder, as Peridot and Garnet walk back into the barn.
Steven says: "Here, Peridot."
Steven says: "Take this back."
Peridot says: "Wow."
Peridot says: "Thanks."
Garnet and Steven both give a thumbs-up. Peridot blushes and gives a thumbs-up too. The star iris then closes on her face, ending the episode.
END.