Open Ext. Beach House.
Steven and Connie are taking selfies outside on the hill to the Beach House.
Connie says: "You blinked!"
Steven says: "Let's just take another one."
Connie says: "Oh wait."
Connie says: "What if we get a shot with the beautiful view behind us?"
Connie says: "*walks towards the sea* Come on, Steven!"
Steven blushes, and gets up to join Connie.
Connie says: "*holds up the phone* Say "cheese"!"
Steven says: ""Cheeeese!"
Connie says: ""Cheeeese!"
Steven and Connie try to maintain smiling, while Connie tries unsuccessfully to tap on the capture button.
Steven says: "*mumbling* Did it do it?"
Connie says: "*also mumbling* I don't know."
Steven says: "*mumbles more* Press it again."
Connie says: "*mumbles some more* I've been pressing it."
Jamie says: "Heh."
Jamie says: "*shows up* You guys look cute."
Steven says: "Jamie!"
Jamie says: "What's up, Steven?"
Jamie says: "Long time No see!"
Steven says: "*runs towards Jamie* Ohhhh..."
Steven says: "myyy..."
Steven says: "gooosh!"
Steven says: "*excitedly gives a high-five to Jamie, laughing* Jamie, this is Connie."
Jamie says: "Greetings, Connie."
Steven says: "So, where you been at?"
Jamie says: "Oh, you know, just spendin' some time where all the big pictures are made..."
Steven says: "Uh, where's that?"
Jamie says: "Just a little place called Kansas!"
Connie says: "Oh!"
Connie says: "Are you an aspiring thespian?"
Jamie says: "Why, ah-yes I am."
Steven says: "Wow, I didn't know you wanted to be an actor."
Jamie says: "That's because..."
Jamie says: "*turns around and clenches his fist dramatically* I'm very good at acting."
Steven and Connie clap in amazement.
Steven says: "Is that why you're wearing those cool glasses that say "Movie Star"?"
Jamie says: "*blushes* Uh, well, no."
Jamie says: "I just bought these at a souvenir shop."
Jamie says: "I missed being a regular old mailman, so I just came back."
Jamie says: "And, uh, you got a lot of mail while I was gone."
Connie says: "Looks like the postal service has been slacking off."
Steven says: "Jamie's the only mailman that knows where I live."
Jamie says: "*hands out his sign pad* I'm gonna need a lot of signatures as well."
Steven crack his knuckles, but no noise is made.
Connie says: "Your knuckles are so quiet."
Steven says: "My hands are polite."
Connie says: "*notices Garnet emerging from the ocean* Oh, Garnet!"
Steven says: "Hi, Garnet!"
Connie says: "Hello, Garnet!"
Jamie says: "Who's Garneeeee—"
Jamie says: "?!"
Jamie says: "!"
Jamie turns to look at Garnet, drenched and approaching from the ocean, and is immediately starstruck. He then takes off his sunglasses to have a better view, as Garnet approaches nearer.
Garnet says: "Howdy."
Steven says: "Whatcha up to, Garnet?"
Garnet says: "I was just at the bottom of the ocean checking for signs of Lapis and Jasper."
Steven says: "Any luck?"
Garnet says: "Nope!"
Jamie says: "*amazed* Wow, how are you able to swim to the bottom of the ocean?"
Garnet says: "*holds her visor* It was easy, I'm a really..."
Garnet says: "good..."
Garnet says: "swimmer."
Jamie stares speechlessly at Garnet's lips and blushes.
Garnet says: "Excuse me."
Garnet forcefully shrug all the water of her body, causing them to vaporize in midair. A shocked Jamie quickly hide his face behind his hat, blushing and staring in awe.
Time Skip - Later the day.
Steven and Connie are checking out Steven's mails on the beach.
Connie says: "Uh..."
Connie says: "Steven?"
Connie says: "Why did you receive so many boxes of "Sea Pals"?"
Steven says: "Uh..."
Steven says: "I ordered one at first but it never showed up, So I kept ordering."
Connie says: "Are you going to start a farm?"
Steven says: "*laughs* No!"
Steven says: "*picks up another "Sea Pals" box* I'm gonna set 'em free."
Steven says: "Into the sea!"
Steven says: "*attempts to throw the box, when Jamie shows up again* Jamie!"
Jamie says: "*nervously* Ha-ha-hi, Steven."
Connie says: "You didn't bring more "Sea Pals"?"
Jamie says: "What?"
Jamie says: "No, I—"
Jamie says: "just came to, uh..."
Jamie says: "*starts blushing* Uh..."
Jamie says: "uh-umm..."
Steven says: "What's that?"
Jamie says: "*blushing furiously* Uh..."
Jamie says: "It's..."
Jamie says: "Uh..."
Jamie says: "here!"
Steven says: "But, what is..."
Steven says: "it?"
Steven says: "Jamie?"
Jamie starts pacing away, sweating profusely. Steven and Connie flip the letter to the other side, revealing that the letter was for Garnet, and they both gasp. Jamie then starts laughing and flapping him arms in joy as he paces further away. Steven and Connie run towards the house, bursting through the door just as Garnet is about to leave.
Steven says: "Garnet!"
Steven says: "Garnet!"
Steven says: "Garnet!"
Steven says: "The most unbelievable thing has happened!"
Steven says: "- You'll absolutely die of shock!"
Garnet says: "I'm busy, Steven."
Steven says: "But..."
Steven says: "You got a letter!"
Garnet says: "*pauses, turns around and turns off her goggles* Read it."
Steven says: "*opens the envelope and reads Jamie's letter* "To Garnet."
Steven says: "When I saw you rise like an ancient—"
As Steven reads the letter, a scene is imagined as Jamie, wearing a Shakespearean garment, write the letter with a quill into a candlelit study room.
Jamie Narrating.
While Jamie is dramatically reenacting the scene, his quill accidentally catches on fire from the candle nearby, causing him to panic and start stomping it to put out the fire. Once he put it out, he continues making dramatic poses.
Jamie Narrating.
The scene ends as it slowly returns back to Steven, still reading the letter, Garnet and Connie at the Beach House.
Steven says: ""—"
Steven says: "Love, Jamie."
Connie says: "*turns to Garnet* I think Jamie is asking you out..."
Connie says: "*blushes* On a date!"
Steven says: "Well that ain't happening."
Garnet says: "Nope."
Connie says: "Why not?"
Steven says: "Garnet is already in a relationship."
Connie says: "Wait, really?"
Steven says: "Well, yeah!"
Steven says: "She is a relationship."
Connie says: "*blushes* Oh you mean cause she's a fusion."
Steven says: "Ruby and Sapphire are so close, that they can't stand to be apart."
Connie says: "Oh."
Connie says: "So I guess this date with Jamie is out of the question."
Garnet says: "Three's a crowd."
Connie says: "But guys!"
Connie says: "Jamie put so much thought into this letter."
Connie says: "It would be rude not to reply!"
The trio then gathered in the living room of the beach house, and Connie prepares to write Garnet's reply.
Connie says: "sets a sheet of paper on the table* Okay, Garnet."
Connie says: "It might be best to play out the tone of his letter."
Connie says: "And start off with something like..."
Connie says: ""Dearest Jamie,"."
Connie says: "*writes the greeting on the paper* Okay, go for it, Garnet!"
Garnet says: "Start with a letter "N"."
Connie says: "Huh, okay."
Connie says: "*writes "N" on the paper* What next?"
Garnet says: "Uh, the letter "O"."
Connie says: "Uh, okay!"
Connie says: "You can just say the whole word instead of spelling it out."
Garnet says: ""Period"."
Connie says: "Hm."
Connie says: "*reads the letter* So..."
Connie says: ""N", "O", "Period"?"
Connie says: "Oh..."
Connie realizes Garnet's spelling reads "No.".
Steven says: "I think we'll need more than that."
Garnet says: ""The End, Forever."
Garnet says: "And even after that."
Steven says: ""Yours truly, Garnet"!"
Connie says: "*picks up the letter and reads it* At least it's honest and to the point."
Trans. Beach City Boardwalk.
Steven and Connie are running together, looking for Jamie.
Connie says: "Where do you think he could be?"
Steven says: "I dunno."
Steven says: "He could be dropping off mail halfway around the world by now!"
Connie says: "*points* There he is!"
Jamie is seen sitting on a log on the beach, staring out in the yonder.
Steven says: "Jamie!"
Jamie says: "Oh hi, Connie and Steven."
Jamie says: "You guys come here to stare at the ocean and think about life too?"
Connie says: "Uh, no..."
Connie says: "?"
Jamie says: "*interrupts* Yeah, life is crazy."
Jamie says: "One day you're right here in Beach City delivering mail and then the next thing you know, you're on a bus to Kansas, following your dreams of becoming an actor."
Jamie says: ""Follow your dreams," they said."
Jamie says: "But no one said anything about all the rejection and sadness there was to be found."
Jamie says: "So many auditions day after day."
Jamie says: "So much rejection day after day."
Jamie says: "That's why I came back."
Jamie says: "One more rejection would have destroyed my fragile heart."
Jamie says: "*sobs, wipes away his tearful eyes, then chuckles* Sorry, sometimes I get caught up in the "drama zone", you know?"
Steven says: "Yeah, right..."
Steven says: ""drama zone"."
Steven says: "*quickly stops Connie* No we don't!"
Trans. In. Beach House.
Steven says: "How can we give this letter to Jamie now?"
Steven says: "He might get upset."
Connie says: "Hm."
Connie says: "*holds up a pencil* We can make adjustments."
Connie says: "We can match Jamie's poetic language and let him down easy!"
Connie says: "*starts erasing words on the letter* I watched some episodes of a torrid soap opera once, so I'm confident that I get the gist of romance."
Connie says: "Err..."
Connie says: "*erases harder* There!"
Connie says: "*starts to write on the paper* "Dear Jamie."
Connie says: "You, dear camellia, expectantly await the light of my moon, yet my light is more of a scorching, wilting, dry desert heat."
Connie says: "And as for your metaphorical surgeon, it is with a heavy heart that I urge you to seek a second opinion."
Connie says: "I return your heart to you."
Steven says: ""Also, your hair is nice."
Connie says: ""Hair..."
Connie says: "is..."
Connie says: "nice."
Connie says: "Yours, but not really, Garnet."
Steven says: "Perfect."
Steven and Connie walks to the beach and puts the letter into the mailbox.
Steven says: "Mission accomplished."
Time Skip — Night Time.
It begins raining outside. Steven is in his room playing video games when he hears Jamie calling outside.
Jamie says: "*from outside* Garnet!"
Steven says: "Huh?"
Steven runs out of the house and leans against the railing on the porch to look down at Jamie.
Jamie says: "*dramatically* Garnet!"
Jamie says: "Where art thou, my sweet scorching sunbeam?"
Steven says: "Oh no!"
Jamie says: "*makes exaggerated gestures* Garnet!"
Jamie says: "I read thy letter and I understand."
Jamie says: "Thou hast returneth mine heart!"
Steven says: "What?"
Steven says: "No, that's not what—"
Jamie says: "Garnet."
Jamie says: "You like my hair just as I adore yours."
Jamie says: "Come to me, Garnet."
Steven says: "Jamie!"
Jamie says: "Ah, young master Steven, pray thee, where is Lady Garnet?"
Steven says: "She..."
Steven says: "She's no—"
Steven says: "She's not coming."
Jamie says: "But I've come to proclaim my love for my woman!"
Steven says: "No, Jamie, you don't understand, I—"
Garnet walks out onto the porch too, standing beside Steven, gasping in surprise.
Jamie says: "Garnet!"
Jamie says: "Hah, you've come."
Jamie says: "You can tell Steven about all the beautiful things you wrote to me in your missive."
Garnet says: "*surprised* I didn't write that."
Jamie says: "But it's all right here, stained with tears of joy, and now also rain."
Steven says: "Mmmm..."
Steven says: "*blurts out in guilt* Connie and I wrote that letter, Jamie!"
Jamie says: "What?"
Steven says: "I'm so sorry, Jamie."
Steven says: "We just wanted to let you down easy."
Jamie says: "*sadly* Willst thou not scorch me, my darling sun?"
Garnet says: "*sternly* I am not, nor will I ever be interested."
Garnet says: "Go away!"
Jamie says: "*clenches his fist against his chest and holds out his other hand dramatically* M-My panache!"
Steven says: "Jaaamieeeee!"
Time Skip — The Next Day.
Steven and Connie are sitting on the grassy area below the house, looking troubled.
Connie says: "Oh boy."
Steven says: "I feel so bad for poor Jamie."
Connie says: "Yeah, but I'm sure he'll bounce back from this in no time."
Connie says: "He's probably gonna show up with the mail any moment now."
Steven says: "*smiles* Yeah."
Connie smiles back at Steven.
Barbara says: "'Scuse me, kids!"
Barbara says: "*appears on the beach, holding a letter* I'm looking for the home of..."
Barbara says: "Steven Universe?"
Steven says: "I'm the home of Steven Universe."
Barbara says: "Hey!"
Barbara says: "You're Greg's boy!"
Barbara says: "I thought Jamie was pulling my leg when he told me you were living over here."
Steven says: "Wait, where is Jamie?"
Barbara says: "Oh, that poor kid's emotions have been destroyed!"
Steven says: "Whaaat!"
Steven says: "?"
Barbara says: "Yeah, he's a mess!"
Barbara says: "Said he couldn't bear to deliver mail on this route again after having his love spurned."
Barbara says: "He said it just like this."
Barbara says: "*imitates Jamie's mannerisms* Like, like when he's in the "drama zone"."
Barbara says: "Then he clenched his fist and closed his eyes like this, full of drama 'til the end."
Barbara says: "Anyway, here's a book of coupons."
Barbara says: "Have a good one!"
Connie and Steven exchange a concerned look when Garnet jumps out of the ocean into the air, obscuring the sun, and carrying a Water Bear monster. Steven and Connie watch in amazement as Garnet lands onto the beach, slams the gem monster on the sand and punches its gem, then throws it back into the ocean. Garnet then turns to look at Steven and Connie.
Garnet says: "*without inflection* You look sad."
Steven says: "We really messed up this time."
Connie says: "Because of us, Jamie is feeling lower than ever."
Steven says: "*conflicted* We shattered the man!"
Connie says: "*tears welling up in her eyes* He'll never love again!"
Garnet says: "I'll go talk to him."
Connie says: "But your words will destroy him!"
Steven says: "Can't you just, like, zap his brain so he forgets any of this ever happened?"
Jamie is seen sitting on the same log as before, holding a handful of letters as seagulls fly nearby. He sighs, burying his head on his arm,s and then raises his hand, letting the wind blow and scatter the letters into the sea. A shadow casts over Jamie, and he turns around.
Garnet says: "Jamie."
Jamie says: "*surprised* Garnet!"
Garnet sits down on the log next to Jamie, causing him to blush, while Steven and Connie remain a few steps away.
Garnet says: "I didn't mean to upset you."
Jamie says: "Then will you go out with me?"
Garnet says: "No!"
Jamie says: "*with a dreamy expression* But I've loved you since the moment I saw you."
Garnet says: "Love at first sight doesn't exist."
Garnet says: "Love takes time, and love takes work."
Garnet says: "At the very least you have to know the other person."
Garnet says: "And you literally have no idea of who, or what, I am."
Jamie says: "*voice breaking* But I bloom for you like..."
Jamie says: "like a..."
Jamie says: "camellia..."
Jamie says: "under moon light."
Garnet says: "No, you don't."
Jamie looks sad, and Steven and Connie look surprised.
Garnet says: "You make a very convincing lovesick fool."
Garnet says: "You convinced these children."
Garnet says: "*adjusts her shades* You even convinced yourself."
Garnet says: "*smiles* You're a fantastic actor."
Jamie says: "*in a mature tone* What am I supposed to do now?"
Garnet says: "Start with local theater."
Connie and Steven walk closer to Jamie.
Connie says: "Are you okay?"
Jamie says: "Yeah."
Jamie says: "That was some pretty solid advice."
Steven says: "*smiles* Were those more letters you wrote to Garnet?"
Several letters are seen floating on the shore.
Jamie says: "No."
Jamie says: "That was the mail I was supposed to deliver on my last route."
Everyone is speechless for a moment; Jamie keeps staring directly at the ocean, and Steven and Connie staring at Jamie.
Steven says: "We'll help you pick it all up."
Jamie says: "Thanks."
The star iris then closes in on Jamie, ending the episode.
END.