Open Int. Beach House, Morning.
Steven drops a book titled "Dream Wedding" on the the table, in front of Ruby and Sapphire on the couch.
Steven says: "This is just to give you some ideas."
Steven says: "said she wanted your reunion as Garnet to be special."
Steven says: "*tears up in joy* And there's nothing more special and romantic, than a beautiful wedding!"
Ruby says: "It's like they say: if you wanna drink the cow, you gotta put a ring on it."
Sapphire says: "But, sweetums, who says that?"
Steven says: "*flips through the book* Let's take a look at printing styles for your invitations."
Ruby says: "Would it be cool if we got flames on it?"
Sapphire says: "Oh, and some dolphins!"
Ruby says: "Yeah!"
Ruby says: "Dolphins with flames!"
Steven says: "I think I got exactly what you're looking for on page 135."
Sapphire says: "How long did it take you to put this together?"
Steven says: "My entire life."
Ruby says: "This is gonna be the best wedding ever!"
Time-Skip.
Later that day, the Crystal Gems, including Peridot, work on the invitations.
Pearl says: "*folding a piece of paper* This folding bone is so nice!"
Pearl says: "Who knew that planning a wedding could be so fun?"
Steven says: "I did!"
Steven stamps ink on the card that reads "You're invited" and displays Ruby and Sapphire holding hands. He then passes the paper to Ruby and Sapphire.
Ruby says: "Time to sign!"
Ruby says: "*signs her initial with Sapphire on the card* Here you go, Peri."
Peridot says: "*groans* We've been stuffing these envelopes ALL DAY!"
Peridot says: "*puts the card in the envelope and hands it to Amethyst* How many does that make?"
Amethyst says: "*licks and seals the envelope* That makes TEN!"
Sapphire says: "Oh..."
Sapphire says: "just..."
Sapphire says: "ten."
Sapphire says: "Hmm."
Steven quickly notices Sapphire's concerns.
Trans. Ext. Crystal Temple.
On the beach, a wedding altar and chairs are set up on the sand. Amethyst walks by with a chair and tosses it on the sand, and Pearl rushes over and fixes it. Ruby and Sapphire stand together with Steven at the altar as he reads a script.
Steven says: "So, my Dad will finish playing the music, and then next you'll do the "I do"s."
Steven says: "And then I'll say..."
Steven says: ""I now pronounce you Garnet."
Steven says: "" Aaand then you fuse!"
Steven says: "Everyone'll cheer!"
Sapphire says: "Everyone..."
Sapphire says: "who survived."
Ruby says: "Huh?"
Sapphire says: "Oh, it's just- There's so many old friends who won't be able to come."
Sapphire says: "All the Crystal Gems who were corrupted and bubbled in the basement."
Ruby says: "Maybe we could bring the bubbles up here?"
Sapphire says: "No, no."
Sapphire says: "It's not safe."
Sapphire says: "We can't risk them getting out."
Ruby and Sapphire hug each other in somber, as Steven looks down in grief too.
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Steven sits at the kitchen counter working on placement cards, when he is troubled over a blank one.
Steven says: "Hmm..."
Steven glances at the Temple Gate, and with intention, he writes "BISMUTH" on the blank placement card with a marker and heads into the temple.
Trans. Int. Burning Room.
Steven is holding the bubble that contains Bismuth's gemstone. He sighs, unbubbles her and puts her gem on the floor. He then steps back as Bismuth begins to reforms in the air and falls to the ground.
Bismuth says: "Uhh..."
Bismuth says: "Hmm?"
Bismuth says: "I'm back?!"
Bismuth says: "!"
Steven says: "Hey, Bismuth!"
Steven says: "Long time, no see..."
Steven says: "?"
Bismuth says: "Rose."
Bismuth says: "I mean, Steven!"
Steven says: "Oh..."
Steven says: "There's a third option now."
Bismuth says: "Why would you let me out?"
Bismuth says: "I just tried to shatter you."
Steven says: "You know how you fought mom because her whole war strategy didn't make any sense?"
Steven says: "Well..."
Steven says: "You were right!"
Bismuth gasps as she looks up to see the hundreds of bubbled gems in the room.
Bismuth says: "What's going on?"
Bismuth says: "Did Rose do this?"
Bismuth says: "Did she bubble everyone who disagreed with her?!"
Bismuth says: "!"
Steven says: "Huh-?"
Steven says: "Oh, no, no, it's not like that."
Bismuth says: "Tiger's Eye!"
Bismuth says: "Little Larimar..."
Bismuth says: "Beryl, Serpentine, and ohh..."
Bismuth says: "Biggs?!"
Bismuth says: "!"
Bismuth says: "Biggs was beloved by everyone!"
Steven says: "Bismuth, wait!"
Bismuth leaps up and grabs the bubble of Biggs Jasper.
Bismuth says: "I gotcha, buddy."
Steven says: "Bismuth!"
Steven says: "You don't understand."
Bismuth pops Biggs' bubble and Biggs starts to reform.
Bismuth says: "C'mon, Biggs, help me free the other-..."
Bismuth says: "Biggs?"
Bismuth stands dumbstruck as a corrupted Biggs growls and stands before her. Biggs then raises a hand to attack Bismuth.
Steven says: "Bismuth!"
Steven quickly rushes in and makes a bubble shield, encasing himself and Bismuth. Biggs begins attacking the bubble to pop it.
Steven says: "I'm sorry, Bismuth!"
Steven says: "This is not the Biggs you knew before."
Bismuth says: "Steven..."
Steven says: "I know we had our differences, but so much has changed and I just wanted to tell you- Gahh!"
Biggs manages to break Steven's bubble.
Steven says: "Bismuth!"
Steven looks up to see Bismuth fending Biggs off with her hammer hands, while crying in grief.
Bismuth says: "Biggs..."
Bismuth grunts, pushing Biggs away. Biggs lunges towards the pair again, and Bismuth slices with her blade hand, poofing Biggs back into her gem. Steven then walks up to bubble Biggs' gem.
Bismuth says: "Only a Diamond could do damage like this."
Bismuth says: "It was Pink, wasn't it?"
Bismuth says: "Why didn't Rose stop her?!"
Bismuth says: "!"
Steven says: "Because..."
Steven says: "they were the same person."
Bismuth says: "What?"
Time-Skip.
Steven and Bismuth sit down on the floor, as Steven explains the situation to Bismuth.
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "And that's the whole story."
Bismuth says: "Hmm."
Steven says: "Uhh..."
Steven says: "Are you..."
Steven says: "okay?"
Bismuth says: "Mmm."
Bismuth says: "Yeah!"
Bismuth says: "Hang on a sec."
Bismuth gets up and walks towards the lava pool in the middle of the room.
Steven says: "Uh, Bismuth?"
Bismuth dunks her head into the lava and lets out a long muffled scream, before pulling her head back out again.
Bismuth says: "Oh my gosh!!"
Bismuth says: "It all makes sense now!"
Steven says: "Pretty wild, right?"
Bismuth says: "Whoo..."
Bismuth says: "*sits at the lava pool and puts her feet in the lava* Oh, that's nice."
Bismuth says: "Steven, come here and join me, the lava's great."
Steven says: "I would, but I'm not lava-proof."
Bismuth says: "Haha."
Bismuth says: "I was so excited to show Rose the Breaking Point."
Bismuth says: "Can you imagine?"
Bismuth says: ""Hey Rose!"
Bismuth says: "Check out this cool weapon I made, I'm gonna shatter you with it!"
Bismuth laughs heartily for a moment, and then lets out a long sorrowful sigh.
Bismuth says: "I really thought all of our problems would disappear if we could just shatter a Diamond!"
Bismuth says: "Guess she ended up taking my advice."
Steven says: "Um..."
Steven says: "Sorry."
Steven says: "About all this."
Bismuth says: "*sighs* Thanks."
Bismuth says: "For talking to me."
Steven says: "Wow."
Steven says: "You took that pretty well."
Steven says: "Way better than Garnet did."
Bismuth says: "How so?"
Steven says: "She unfused over it."
Bismuth says: "What?!"
Bismuth says: "!"
Bismuth says: "Nooo!"
Bismuth says: "They're my favorite couple!"
Steven says: "Don't worry, they're back together."
Steven says: "But they haven't fused yet."
Bismuth says: "Huh?"
Steven says: "It's actually why I came down here to begin with."
Steven says: "I wanted to invite you to Garnet's wedding!"
Bismuth says: "Garnet's wedding, huh?"
Steven says: "Yeah."
Steven says: "It would be great if you could attend."
Bismuth says: "Yeah!"
Bismuth says: "Okay, I don't have any plans so I guess I can come."
Steven says: "Yay!!"
Steven says: "This is gonna be so much fun!"
Bismuth says: "Pfft!"
Bismuth says: "Oh, yeah."
Bismuth says: "No question this is gonna be the best wedding ever!"
Bismuth says: "Pff, hahaha."
Bismuth says: "So what's a wedding."
Trans. Int. Beach House, Evening.
Steven brings Bismuth into his house and they look out from the window to see the Gems preparing the wedding setting.
Steven says: "Okay."
Steven says: "So, we're getting everything ready for tomorrow."
Steven says: "We'll have a hot dog grill going on out front!"
Steven says: "And the chairs and canopy are all set up!"
Bismuth says: "Probably should head out there and say hi."
Steven throws a quilt over Bismuth.
Bismuth says: "Uh, Steven?"
Steven says: "I don't wanna ruin the surprise!"
Bismuth says: "*takes off the quilt* What surprise?"
Steven says: "You!"
Bismuth says: "They don't know I'm coming?"
Bismuth says: "Wait, I can't do this!"
Steven says: "You're right."
Steven says: "You gotta have a gift!"
Steven says: "*pulls out his phone* We have a wedding registry."
Steven says: "Do you wanna pick something from..."
Steven says: "here?"
Bismuth says: "What?"
Bismuth says: "No, I mean- What am I gonna say to them?"
Steven says: "You could do one of your signature catchphrases!"
Steven says: "Like..."
Steven says: ""Let's get down to Bismuth!"
Steven says: "" Or..."
Steven says: ""Anybody wanna start a small Bismuth?"
Steven says: "" Oh, oh!"
Steven says: "How about..."
Steven says: ""Did you Bis-mith me?"
Bismuth glares at Steven, unamused.
Steven says: "Anyway, it's not gonna matter what you say."
Steven says: "They'll be so glad you're here!"
Steven says: "Just be ready for my signal."
Steven says: "*walks towards the door* Aah, this is gonna be great!"
Steven says: "They're gonna want you to be maid of honor."
Bismuth smiles with uncertainty as Steven exits the house.
Trans. Ext. Crystal Temple.
Steven raises a soda can and uses a spoon to tap against it, gaining the Gems' attention.
Steven says: "Uh, attention everyone!"
Steven says: "Please gather 'round."
Steven says: "Ahem!"
Steven says: "I'd like to propose a toast."
Steven says: "To Ruby and Sapphire!"
Steven says: "Now, we all know you guys have been runnin' a little, heh, hot-and-cold lately?"
There is somewhat forced laughter from the Gems.
Steven says: "We are all excited to see you fused back together, and achieve lifelong, room-temperature happiness!"
Steven says: "All of us, including..."
Steven says: "!"
Steven points towards the Beach House, but the Gems think he is pointing towards Pearl instead.
All says: "Pearl!"
Steven glances up at the Beach House, wondering if Bismuth sees his signal.
Steven says: "Mm-hmm..."
Steven says: "Yes!"
Steven says: "And Pearl!"
Steven says: "All of us, including..."
Steven says: "!"
Amethyst says: "Uhh..."
Amethyst says: "Steven."
Amethyst says: "Can I drink this or what?"
Steven says: "I'll be right back."
Steven says: "And make sure those cans don't drop."
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Steven enters through the door.
Steven says: "Bismuth."
Steven says: "Didn't you see my..."
Steven says: "signal?"
Steven returns back to an empty house. He then sees the quilt by the Warp Pad and realizes Bismuth has warped away.
Trans. Int. The Forge.
Steven warps to the most-likely place Bismuth will be.
Steven says: "Bismuth?"
Steven says: "Oh, there you are."
Bismuth is seen working on a hot piece of metal on an anvil.
Steven says: "What happened out there?"
Steven says: "I-I'm sure if we hurry back we can still surprise them."
Steven says: "They're gonna be so happy to see you."
Bismuth says: "If they wanted to see me so much, they coulda let me out themselves, but they didn't."
Bismuth says: "Of course they didn't."
Bismuth says: "I attacked their leader."
Steven says: "They're not gonna side with Rose anymore!"
Bismuth says: "I'm not talking about Rose!"
Bismuth says: "I'm talking about you!"
Steven says: "But I'm not the leader."
Steven says: "Garnet's the leader."
Bismuth says: "And where's Garnet?"
Steven says: "She'll be back."
Steven says: "That's the whole point."
Steven says: "It's a big Crystal Gem wedding, we should all be there together!"
Bismuth says: "Why?!"
Bismuth says: "!"
Bismuth says: "Why are the Crystal Gems still together?!"
Bismuth says: "!"
Bismuth says: "After finding out that everything was a sham?"
Bismuth says: "Somebody's making them believe in the future, and it's you!"
Bismuth says: "You seriously think they're gonna want me around when the last thing I did was try to shatter you?"
Bismuth says: "You told them everything."
Bismuth says: "And they made their choice."
Bismuth says: "They want me in a bubble, and you out there."
Bismuth forges a new sword from the metal and tosses it into a pile of other swords.
Steven says: "But Bismuth..."
Bismuth says: "You say they want me to be 'made' of honor?"
Bismuth says: "Well, I am."
Bismuth says: "I'm made of the most solid, flexible, diamagnetic stuff there is and I'm not as dense as you might think."
Bismuth grabs a handful of dust and begins compressing and heating them with the lava into a metal ingot.
Bismuth says: "I've got enough self-respect in this gem to accept that they don't want me on their team anymore."
Bismuth prepares to work on the metal, only to find the ingot is not purely refined, and tears up in sorrow.
Bismuth says: "I blew it!"
Bismuth says: "Everything was different, and I didn't believe it."
Steven says: "*walks up to Bismuth* Everything is different!"
Steven says: "We had a fight, so we can make up, right?"
Steven says: "If they didn't let you out because they care about me, then they're gonna care that I want you back on the team!"
Bismuth says: "Huh?"
Steven says: "I want you back on the team."
Steven says: "Forget the surprise, if we show up together,  they're all gonna know that everything's okay."
Bismuth says: "Hmm."
Bismuth says: "Spoken like a leader."
Steven says: "No."
Steven says: "Spoken like a friend."
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Steven and Bismuth warp back to the house, holding hands and they nod at each other. They approach the Gems who are gathered on the couch, reading the Dream Wedding book.
Bismuth says: "Hey everyone."
Bismuth says: "Did you guys..."
Bismuth says: "Bis-miss-th me?"
Pearl, Sapphire, Ruby and Amethyst drop their sodas simultaneously, dumbstruck.
Peridot says: "Ha!"
Peridot says: "I win!"
Peridot says: "*levitates her soda can in triumph* Also, less importantly, who are you?"
Steven says: "I..."
Steven says: "invited Bismuth!"
Steven says: "I hope that's cool."
Sapphire says: "*walks up to Bismuth slowly* Bismuth..."
Bismuth looks at Sapphire in worry, when Sapphire hugs Bismuth.
Bismuth says: "Wha-Whoa, Sapphire!"
Pearl says: "Biiismuth!"
Ruby says: "Biiismuth!"
Pearl and Ruby tackles Bismuth to the floor, and begins nuzzling her.
Sapphire says: "You wouldn't believe what we've all been through."
Sapphire says: "I'm so sorry!"
Bismuth says: "Look, I'm right there with you, Steven filled me in."
Steven and Amethyst elbow each other in delight.
Peridot says: "So, is anyone going to introduce me?"
Amethyst says: "Let's give 'em some space."
Bismuth says: "Oh!"
Bismuth says: "Ruby, Sapphire."
Bismuth says: "I heard you're supposed to bring gifts to these things."
Bismuth opens her hand to reveal two rings, one copper and the other tin, and Ruby and Sapphire gasp in surprise.
Bismuth says: "These aren't weapons, but Steven seemed to think they'd come in handy."
Ruby says: "*hugs Bismuth in joy* WE LOVE THEM!!"
Sapphire says: "*hugs Bismuth in joy* WE LOVE THEM!!"
END.