Open Beach.
Steven and Connie are sitting on the beach in front of the Crystal Temple.
Steven says: "*covering his eyes* Can I look yet?"
Connie says: "Okay."
Connie pulls out a book titled "Unfamiliar Familiar".
Steven says: "*opens her eyes and gasps* BOOOOKS!"
Steven says: "Whoa, cool cover!"
Connie says: "It's my favorite series!"
Connie says: "It's about this girl named Lisa and she's a witch!"
Connie says: "- I mean, she doesn't know she's a witch at first, and she has a familiar, which is sorta like this spirit companion that everyone in the world has."
Connie says: "And hers is a talking falcon named Archimicarus!"
Connie says: "Anyways she goes on this quest to find her father after he's kidnapped by the mysterious one-eyed man."
Steven says: "Whoa, mystery!"
Connie says: "Here!"
Connie says: "Lemme get you started!"
Connie says: "*takes the book from Steven and opens it* Ahem."
Connie says: ""Chapter One: The Morning Thief."
A distant rumbling noise is then heard, shocking Steven and Connie a bit.
Steven says: "Wooah, this is a really good book!"
Connie says: "Uh..."
Connie says: "okay."
Connie says: ""The house was deathly still."
Connie says: "The only sound Lisa could hear was her own heartbeat pounding in her ears."
Something then suddenly plunges into the sea near them.
Steven says: "*gets splashed by water* Aahh!"
Connie says: "*gets splashed by water* Aahh!"
The Gems burst out of the Beach House to see what is happening.
Amethyst says: "What was that?"
A giant green sphere rolls onto the beach from the sea, and legs extend out of it.
Steven says: "It's one of the Marble Robots."
Connie says: "What?"
The robonoid starts advancing towards Steven and Connie. Garnet quickly jumps in between and stops it with her gauntlets.
Garnet says: "AMETHYST!"
Garnet says: "PEARL!"
Amethyst says: "*leap into the air and dive towards the robonoid* Huuuuuh- Yaaaaaah!!!"
Pearl says: "*leap into the air and dive towards the robonoid* Huuuuuh- Yaaaaaah!!!"
The Gems successfully destroy the robonoid, while Steven has already summoned his bubble shield to protect himself and Connie.
Steven says: "*dispels his bubble* You okay?"
Connie says: "*amazed* I love hanging out at your place!"
Pearl says: "One of Peridot's Machines?"
Pearl says: "Yes I think so, only..."
Pearl says: "we've never seen one this big before."
Amethyst says: "Or this gooey!"
Pearl says: "Amethyst, we need to be careful we don't know what this stuff is."
Amethyst snickers and gets a mischievous look on her face.
Pearl says: "Oh no!"
Pearl says: "Don't you DARE get that stuff on me!"
Amethyst says: "*spreads her arms out wide* GOOP HUG!"
Pearl freaks out and runs away. Amethyst starts chasing Pearl off-screen.
Amethyst says: "*distantly* Come here, Pearl!"
Amethyst says: "I love you, Pearl!"
Pearl says: "*distantly* NO!"
Pearl says: "Get away!"
Pearl says: "Let go of me!"
Connie says: "Peridot."
Connie says: "Is that the Gem you told me about?"
Connie says: "The one that's trying to come to Earth?"
Steven says: "Yeah."
Steven says: "We stopped her before but, I guess she can still shoot stuff here from space."
Steven says: "*walks over to Garnet."
Steven says: "* So..."
Steven says: "what do you think it was here to do?"
Garnet says: "We destroyed it."
Garnet says: "*picks up a piece of the broken robonoid* That's all that matters."
Steven says: "*nods* Hm!"
Amethyst says: "GOOP HUG!!"
Amethyst suddenly rushes in and give Garnet a hug, covering her in goo too. Pearl approaches, covered in goo as well and looking unimpressed. Garnet pulls her in and the Gems have a group "goop hug".
Trans Int. Connie's House.
Dr. Maheswaran says: "*holding and covering a phone* Connie?"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "The Steven Universe boy would like to speak with you."
Connie quickly rushes down the stairs and grabs the phone.
Dr. Maheswaran says: "*speaks to herself* I swear that's not his real name."
Connie says: "Hi Steven!"
Connie says: "What's up?"
Connie says: "Have you read more "Unfamiliar Familiar"?"
Connie says: "*screams excitedly* Aaah!"
Connie says: "Isn't it amazing?"
Connie says: "How far did you get?"
Steven says: "I'm in the middle of one of them but, I'm really confused..."
Steven says: "*picks up one book* They keep talking about this Plinkman guy who died..."
Steven says: "Am I suppose to know who he is?"
Connie says: "Plinkman..."
Connie says: "but that's Lisa's dad- Steven?"
Connie says: "You're reading them in order, right?"
Steven says: "There's an order?"
Steven says: "Aww man, I just started with the one with the coolest cover."
Connie zones out with a blank expression on her face.
Steven says: "Hello?"
Steven says: "Connie?"
Another distant rumbling noise is heard, shaking Steven off his seat.
Steven says: "What the-?"
The Gems rush out from the Temple Gate.
Garnet says: "Something entered the atmosphere."
The Gem exits the house onto the porch.
Amethyst says: "Up there!"
Pearl says: "It's another one of those things!"
Garnet says: "It landed on Mask Island!"
Garnet says: "Come on!"
Steven says: "Connie, I'm gonna call you back."
Trans. Ext. Mask Island.
The Crystal Gems warp to Mask Island and spots the robonoid wandering towards them.
Pearl says: "Is it..."
Pearl says: "looking for a warp?"
Garnet says: "We have to stop it!"
The Gems charge towards the robonoid and destroy it, spilling green goo everywhere.
Steven says: "*covered in goo* Yeesh!"
Steven says: "What are these things trying to do?"
Pearl says: "We're not..."
Pearl says: "really..."
Pearl says: "that sure..."
Garnet says: "It's not trying to do anything now."
Steven moans in uncertainty.
Trans Int. Connie's House.
Connie says: "*on the phone with Steven* Okay."
Connie says: "So you read the first three books in order."
Connie says: "Do you..."
Connie says: "like them?"
Steven says: "Of Course!"
Steven says: ", They're awesome!"
Steven says: "I really love Lisa's familiar - He's my favorite, I'm..."
Steven says: "just confused about one thing though."
Connie says: "What's that?"
Steven says: "What..."
Steven says: "is..."
Steven says: "a familiar?"
Connie says: "..."
Connie says: "Noooooo ugggggh..."
Connie says: "*slumps against the cabinet in disappointment* huh..."
Another distant rumbling occurs again.
Connie says: "Was that another one of those marble things?"
The Gems rush out from the Temple Gate again.
Steven says: "Yeah..."
Amethyst says: "*stretches her face in anger* GRRRRRRRR!"
Amethyst says: "What is with these things?"
Amethyst says: "This is like the FIFTH one this week!"
Garnet says: "We'll find it in the Desert!"
Steven says: "Connie, talk later!"
Steven says: "*tosses his phone aside* Wait you guys, wait for me!"
The Gems, annoyed, warp ahead towards the Desert without Steven, but he quickly warps away on his own too and catches up.
Trans. Ext The Desert.
Steven arrives in the Desert and finds the Gems attacking another robonoid in desperation. Garnet tries to push against the robonoid, Pearl sit atop it and is stabbing it with her spear, and Amethyst has her whip wrapped around it.
Pearl says: "STOP!"
Pearl says: "COMING!"
Pearl says: "HERE!"
Pearl says: "YOU!"
Pearl says: "STUPID!"
Pearl says: "BALLS!"
Amethyst says: "Yeah!"
Amethyst says: "Let it out!"
Amethyst says: "Get CRAZY!"
Amethyst says: "*tugging on the robonoid* Hua!"
Steven says: "*runs in and flails his arms* Guys, guys, guys!"
Steven says: "Stop!"
Steven says: "How many more of these things are you gonna have to fight?"
Pearl says: "*stressed* WE DON'T KNOW!"
Pearl says: "They just keep COMING and COMING and we don't even know what they ARE!"
Pearl says: "We don't know ANYTHING!"
Steven says: "That's okay."
Steven says: "I don't know anything all the time, it's like my whole life."
Steven says: "But I have you guys to tell me about tell me about Gem stuff, Connie can explain what familiars are, and Dad tells me weird dad stuff."
Pearl says: "But nobody knows what these things are here to do."
Steven says: "Well..."
Steven says: "It probably does."
Pearl says: "What?"
Steven says: "We could follow it and see where it goes."
Amethyst says: "ARE YOU NUTS?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Pearl says: "Who knows what could go wrong?"
Garnet says: "We can't keep fighting these things forever- Well, we can, but I don't want to..."
Garnet says: "Let's do it Steven's way."
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Steven says: "Let's follow the funky flow."
Amethyst says: "We're dead."
The Gems let loose of the robonoid and hop atop of it.
Steven says: "Alright big guy, Mush!"
Gems says: "Woaaah..."
Gems says: "Uggh..."
Steven says: "Uh-heh-heh."
Steven says: "WOOHOO!"
The robonoid starts moving as the Crystal Gems ride atop it. It then steps onto the warp pad and warps away.
Trans. ext. Prime Kindergarten.
The Crystal Gems and the robonoid arrive at the warp pad in the Kindergarten. Everyone gasps in horror.
Garnet says: "Kindergarten..."
Pearl says: "Oh, why here?"
Pearl says: "This site has been damaged enough by the Gems that were incubated here 6,000 years ago!"
Pearl says: "That's it!"
Pearl says: "It's confirmed."
Pearl says: "These things are up to no good!"
Steven says: "Wait!"
Steven says: "*flails his hands at Pearl* We don't even know what it's doing here?"
Steven says: "Can't we just..."
Steven says: "see where it wants to go?"
Pearl says: "Garnet?"
Garnet says: "Hmm..."
Garnet says: "Steven's way."
Pearl sighs and the spear slowly retracts back into Pearl's gem. The robonoid jumps down to ground level and continues advancing, with the Crystal Gems still riding on it.
Pearl says: "What does it want here?"
Steven says: "Maybe it just wants to see where Amethyst was made."
Amethyst says: "Maybe it should mind its own business."
Pearl says: "I don't like this at all..."
Steven says: "But..."
Amethyst says: "*looks at Steven* I'm kinda with Pearl on this one."
Steven says: "Aw, come on, can't you feel this guy's funky flow?"
Steven says: "He's a funk master."
Pearl says: "I can't believe we're doing this."
The robonoid suddenly stops.
Steven says: "Why'd you stop, li'l buddy?"
Garnet says: "Something's happening."
Garnet grabs Steven and the Crystal Gems jumps off the robonoid. Thee robonoid opens a pyramid-shaped hole in the ground, morphs into a pyramid itself and fits into the hole.
Steven says: "*starry-eyed* Yesss!"
The robonoid begins to descend into the ground.
Steven says: "See?"
Steven says: "I knew we'd find something cool..."
Steven says: "Let's go!"
Steven jumps into the hole and lands on the robonoid. The Gems quickly follow suit.
Steven says: "Hey guys!"
Steven says: "Going down?"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Are you okay?"
Pearl says: "What is all this?"
The Crystal Gems continues to descend as they see thick green wires lining the walls of the hole. The robonoid stops at the bottom and lights up a room. A hand pedestal arises in the middle of the room. A squishing noise is the heard.
Steven says: "What's the sound?"
The Crystal Gems peek over as they watch another small robonoid forms from the tip of the pyramid robonoid. It climbs into the room and activates the hand pedestal, activating the room. Several screens lit up with a center monitor screen, displaying static for a brief moment, and then displays Peridot on-screen. The Crystal Gems, startled by Peridot's image, quickly run off to hide.
Peridot says: "Established Gem Projection Link with control room."
Peridot says: "Plug Robonoid has successfully landed on Planet Earth and entered Prime Kindergarten Control Room in Facet Five."
Peridot says: "Will proceed to perform status check of Kindergarten."
Amethyst says: "*whispers* It's Peridot."
Pearl says: "*gasps and whispers* Is she trying to re-activate the Kindergarten?"
Pearl says: "Doesn't she know it'll destroy all life on Earth?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Steven says: "Why don't we ask her?"
Garnet says: "Shh!"
Garnet says: "Steven, we're facing an enemy we don't know with technology we don't understand."
Garnet says: "This isn't the time to be asking questions."
Steven says: "Really sounds like it is..."
Garnet says: "Ok - here's the plan: We can't let her see us, so we wait for an opening."
Garnet says: "When she's distracted, we destroy the power source on the far wall."
Garnet says: "Steven stays here!"
Pearl and Amethyst nod in approval. The Gems turn to look at Steven, who has vanished from their sight, and see him approaching Peridot's screen.
Gems says: "*whisper-shouts* Steven!"
Peridot says: "Now accounting for all operational Injectors."
Peridot says: "Checking for aberrations in perimeter."
Steven climbs into the control room, and two large green hand constructs emerge from the floor beside him. The hands activate a pair of panels on the wall screens, which causes cylinders to eject from the ceiling.
Peridot says: "Ugh, this Gem Tech is simply archaic."
Steven says: "I don't know, I think it looks pretty cool."
There is silence; Peridot's monitor abruptly and quickly cancels all she is doing and turns to face Steven in surprise.
Steven says: "Hi!"
Steven says: "I'm Steven."
Peridot says: "There appears to be an infestation of "Stevens" in the Kindergarten."
Steven says: "Daw, I'm not so bad once you get to know me!"
Peridot says: "..."
Peridot says: "And how many more Stevens are present in this area?"
Steven says: "Oh - just me."
Peridot says: "Nee-ah, that's a relief."
Peridot says: "So tell me - Have Stevens replaced "humans" as the dominant species on Earth?"
Steven says: "Oh no, there's lots of humans, there's my dad, Connie, Lars and Sadie, the mailman, Onion..."
Steven says: "I think."
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Lots of people."
Peridot says: "Hmm..."
Steven says: "Now I get to ask a question, what are you doing?"
Peridot says: "Hm, just picking up where we left off."
Peridot's monitor faces away from Steven. A hand construct raises above Steven and forms a fist, attempting to crush him. Garnet jumps in to catch the fist and throws it away. Peridot's monitor turns back and Peridot looks surprised by Garnet's presence.
Peridot says: "A Gem?!"
Peridot says: "!"
Peridot says: "AH!"
Peridot says: "MORE??"
Peridot says: "But the Red Eye didn't report the presence of any Gems on this planet!"
Pearl says: "That's because we destroyed it."
Peridot says: "You what?"
Peridot says: "But the records say that Gems were wiped out on earth..."
Peridot says: "Wait a minute..."
Peridot says: "You're the ones that have been destroying my Plug Robonoids..."
Peridot says: "Are you the reason the Homeworld Warp is down again?"
Peridot says: "Is THIS your bizarre icon?"
Peridot says: "*shows them the Crying Breakfast Friends!"
Peridot says: "sticker* UHROOH!!!"
Peridot says: "Why do you keep destroying my THINGS?!"
Peridot says: "!"
Pearl says: "Because we are the Crystal Gems!"
Pearl says: "We're still alive, and we're still the guardians of this planet and all its living creatures!"
Peridot says: "The Crystal Gems?"
The Gems start attacking Peridot's hand constructs, while Steven watches in astonishment.
Peridot says: "Stop!"
Peridot says: "How dare you?"
Peridot says: "I'm doing this one way or another."
Peridot says: "You're just..."
Peridot says: "making it..."
Peridot says: "really..."
Peridot says: "difficult!"
Garnet says: "Amethyst, now!"
Amethyst says: "DESTROY!!!"
Peridot says: "I'm reporting this!"
Peridot's screen transmission disappears.
Amethyst says: "Is it over?"
The Gems look at each other silently. They then walk over to Steven and stare at him, unamused.
Steven says: "Okay..."
Steven says: "I- I might have gone a little too far this time."
Garnet says: "Well, Steven, you weren't completely wrong."
Garnet says: "We learned something new because of your decisions."
Steven says: "Alright!"
Garnet says: "But yeah, this was a pretty bad idea."
Steven says: "Aw man..."
A black star iris envelops the screen in a reverse star wipe, ending the episode.
END.