Open. Ext. Beach City.
Steven and Greg are seen chatting about fireworks and walking down the street towards the U-Stor, carrying a cardboard Greg.
Steven says: "And I really like the ones that shoot up kind of spirally with the long tails."
Greg says: "Steven, I'm slipping."
Greg says: "Hold that end up a little more."
Steven says: "Oh, sorry."
Greg says: "That's okay."
Greg says: "I'm not sure the "Summer Wax Special" sign was that effective anyway."
Greg says: "But I can't bring myself to throw myself out."
Greg says: "Might as well store it for the rest of the winter."
Steven says: "So, which firework is your favorite, Dad?"
Greg says: "Oh."
Greg says: "Uh, I don't know."
Greg says: "I just like watching them together with you."
Steven says: "*blushes happily* Yeah, me too!"
Steven says: "I can't wait for New Year's Eve tomorrow."
Steven says: "It feels like I've waited a whole year!"
Greg says: "Well, you feel that way for a reason."
Steven and Greg arrive at the U-Stor. Greg opens his storage unit and sees that it is filled to the brim with all sort of belongings and junk. He then holds up a coil of hose and tries to see where it can fit. He places it around the neck of a flamingo ornament in the front, and the junk pile rumbles and spills out of the storage unit.
Steven says: "Woah!"
Greg says: "Woah!"
Greg says: "I haven't really cleared this place out since your mom—"
Greg says: "*coughs* Maybe this is good timing!"
Greg says: "A new year coming up..."
Greg says: "I should just get rid of all this stuff."
Steven says: "*picks up a jacket and a sweater* I could take these off your hands."
Greg says: "*chuckles* That's a start, but I'll need a little more help than that and this guy's not gonna do it."
Greg says: "*points to the cardboard Greg and scratches his head* Who would organize a mess this big though?"
Steven says: "Ah!"
Steven says: "I know just the Gem!"
Time Skip— Later that day.
Steven says: "Here's Amethyst!"
Amethyst says: "Sur-prise."
Greg says: "*awkwardly* Oh."
Steven says: "Something wrong?"
Greg says: "Well, no."
Greg says: "I just..."
Greg says: "thought you meant Pearl."
Steven says: "What?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "I'm not letting Pearl see this!"
Steven says: "Amethyst's room is full of junk."
Steven says: "She knows how to handle a mess."
Greg says: "I don't know about this."
Amethyst says: "*walks up to Greg* Hey, man, it's cool."
Amethyst says: "I've seen your junk before."
Amethyst says: "*surveying Greg's storage unit* What you need here is a system; something to separate the trash from the garbage."
Steven says: "*writing on a box* Well, how 'bout this?"
Greg says: "Huh?"
Amethyst says: "Huh?"
Steven says: "I made organizational boxes."
Steven says: "*points to three empty boxes in front of him* This way we can sort everything into easy categories: keep, sell, burn."
Steven says: "What do you think?"
Greg says: "*chuckles* I don't know if we should burn anything."
Amethyst says: "*gently punches Greg on the shoulder* Ah, come on, Greg!"
Amethyst says: "What are you afraid of?"
Greg says: "Fire?"
Amethyst says: "*laughs, walks around the storage unit and grabs a boot* Keep."
Amethyst says: "*grabs a broken tennis racket* Keep."
Amethyst says: "*grabs a broken checkerboard* Keep."
Greg says: "*runs over to Amethyst* Woah!"
Greg says: "Hold on."
Greg says: "Aren't we supposed to be throwing stuff away?"
Amethyst says: "*puts her items into the 'Keep' box* Are you crazy?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Amethyst says: "You've got some seriously good junk in here, man, like..."
Steven says: "*rummaging through a box* BOOOOKS!"
Greg says: "Ah, so, books are cool again."
Steven says: "Yeah, ever since you guys grounded me from TV for a thousand years."
Greg says: "We did what now?"
Steven says: "Can I have these?"
Greg says: "Uh, hold on."
Greg says: "Let me see some of those first."
Greg says: "*examines the books in the box* Yeah, I think you'll like this one and this one, and, uh..."
Greg says: "*pulls out a book entitled "Passions of Xanxor" from the box* Maybe we'll save this one for when you're a little older."
Steven carries the heavy box of books and sets it down outside the storage unit, while Amethyst rummages through the junk pile and putting everything in the 'Keep' box.
Amethyst says: "Ha!"
Amethyst says: "You bought this?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Amethyst says: "*tosses a singing fish placard over her shoulder* Ha!"
Greg says: "Uh..."
Greg says: "I guess I don't need these old dumbbells."
Amethyst says: "*snatches the dumbbell up* Ah, come on."
Amethyst says: "Don't you want to get yoked?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Purple Puma then tackles Steven and playfully wrestles with him, rolling out of the storage unit.
Greg says: "Come on, Amethyst."
Greg says: "Knock it off."
Greg says: "*notices a broken picture of him and Rose on the ground and picks it up* Oh, no."
Greg says: "How did this happen?"
Steven says: "*walks over with Amethyst* A photo of you and Mom."
Amethyst blushes furiously and walks away.
Greg says: "Ah, it's- it's okay."
Greg says: "It's just the frame."
Amethyst says: "Heeeeey!"
Amethyst says: "I found something that definitely doesn't belong with all this junk."
Greg says: "Is it the deed to my uncle's mansion?"
Amethyst says: "*carries over a stack of VCR tapes* Even better."
Greg says: "Is that..."
Greg says: ""Li'l Butler"?"
Greg says: "*picks up two VCR tapes* Oh, where have you been all these years?!"
Greg says: "!"
Amethyst says: "♫ Li'l Butler, that's you!"
Steven says: "*whispering* Amethyst, what's "Li'l Butler"?"
Greg says: "Oh, man!"
Greg says: "Steven, we used to watch these all the time when you were little."
Greg says: "You gotta see this!"
Steven says: "Hey!"
Steven says: "I-I'm still grounded, you know!"
Amethyst says: "Come on."
Amethyst says: "Just one, for old times sake."
Greg says: "Okay, but just one."
Greg and Amethyst sit down to watch the TV as the tape begins to play. Steven peeks at the TV from the corner of his eye in curiosity.
On the TV, the intro to Li'l Butler and opening credits start to play as a gloved hand knocks on the door of a mansion and a wealthy family answers the door, finding Li'l Butler in a swaddle at their doorstep. They take Li'l Butler in and he begins to do all sort of chores for the family. Li'l Butler then stands at the doorway and utters his signature catchphrase.
Li'l Butler says: "You people have too much money!"
Li'l Butler winks and the title card appears over him, ending the opening credits.
Steven says: "*watching in awe* Woah."
Steven says: "*gasps and quickly covers his face* Ah, no!"
Steven says: "Grounded!"
Steven says: "Sh-sh-shouldn't we finish cleaning the storage unit?!"
Steven says: "!"
Amethyst says: "*laughing, ignoring Steven* Oh, man!"
Amethyst says: "Is this the Pilot?"
Amethyst says: "They didn't even have the dog yet."
Greg says: "*laughing, ignoring Steven too* Oh, yeah!"
Greg says: "They just had a cat named "Money!"
Greg and Amethyst laugh together, and Steven pops over angrily over the top of the couch to glare at them.
Greg says: "Hey, Steven, it's getting pretty late."
Greg says: "Why don't we just call it a day?"
Greg says: "We can pick this up again tomorrow."
Steven says: "Uh..."
Steven says: "okay."
Steven says: "*runs out of the storage unit* See you tomorrow, Dad!"
Man on TV says: "Did any of you order a baby?"
A laugher track is heard as Greg and Amethyst continue to watch the sitcom.
Time Skip - Next morning.
Trans. Ext. Beach Citywalk Fries.
Steven runs up to Peedee at the counter.
Steven says: "Hey."
Steven says: "I'll take two breakfast-only breakfast specials, please."
Peedee says: "Sure."
Peedee says: "*turns and yells* Ronaldo!"
Peedee says: "Can I get a double order of hashbrowns?"
Steven says: "Yeah."
Steven says: "My dad and I got a big day cleaning the storage unit."
Steven says: "Got to start the year off right, you know?"
Peedee says: "Wow!"
Peedee says: "That's really practical of you, Steven."
Peedee says: "My dad and I are restocking all the condiments."
Peedee says: "I get to clean the bottles."
Peedee says: "We're supposed to wash them twice, but I always wash them three times."
Peedee says: "Odd numbers just feel cleaner."
Steven says: "*stares blankly, and changes the subject* Hey, are you going to the New Year's fireworks tonight?"
Peedee says: "Yeah!"
Peedee says: "It's supposed to be "pretty darn spectacular"!"
Peedee says: "*points to an advertisement poster for the fireworks show with Mayor Dewey's face on it* Mayor Dewey's been setting up all morning."
Peedee says: "*chuckles* There are gonna be blue ones!"
Peedee says: "*places Steven's order on the counter* I love the blue ones."
Steven says: "It's gonna be so awesome."
Trans. Ext. U-stor.
Steven returns back to Greg's storage unit.
Steven says: "You guys?"
Steven says: "Dad?"
Steven finds that Greg and Amethyst are still watching "Li'l Butler" on the TV.
Teenage girl on TV says: "I'll look like a fool if I show up to school on just one pony!"
Greg says: "*utters along with Li'l Butler* You people have too much money!"
Amethyst says: "*utters along with Li'l Butler* You people have too much money!"
Amethyst says: "What a surprise."
Amethyst says: "Li'l Butler does it again."
Greg says: "You can always count on Li'l B."
Amethyst says: "*chuckles* Yeah."
Amethyst says: "Everything's always right with him."
Amethyst says: "One more?"
Greg says: "Do it!"
Steven says: "Hey!"
Greg says: "Oh, Steven!"
Greg says: "What are you doing coming over so late?"
Steven says: "It's..."
Steven says: "morning."
Greg says: "Oh, wow."
Greg says: "I guess we lost track of the time."
Steven says: "You never stopped watching "Li'l Butler"?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "Ugh!"
Amethyst says: "When you get to season three, it really starts getting good."
Amethyst says: "That's when the uptight neighbors, the Richingtons, move next-door."
Amethyst says: "Ha!"
Amethyst says: "They're a riot!"
Man on TV says: "Well, I never!"
Li'l Butler says: "Well, I always!"
Greg bursts out laughing with the laughter track.
Steven says: "Well, you want to get started?"
Greg says: "Oh, yeah."
Greg says: "*starts to get up* Uhh..."
Amethyst says: "*halts Greg* Ooh, this part is so good."
A horse neighs on the TV, and Greg and Amethyst burst out laughing with the laughter track.
Steven says: "I guess the storage unit can wait."
Greg says: "Yeah, buddy."
Greg says: "That sounds like a good idea."
Amethyst says: "*notices the food bag* Alright!"
Amethyst says: "Snacks!"
Steven says: "Want to just meet at the fireworks?"
Greg says: "Sure."
Steven says: "Okay..."
Time Skip - Night time.
Trans. Beach.
The citizens of Beach City are seated on the beach. Garnet puts on the 'Cool Dad' jacket that Steven took from the storage unit earlier, while Pearl puts on the sweater.
Pearl says: "*looking at her sweater* Like this?"
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Steven says: "You guys are killin' it!"
Steven says: "*hands some pots and pans to Garnet and Pearl* And here are some pots and pans."
Steven says: "We got to make lots of noise."
Steven says: "Dad and I do this every year."
Steven says: "I brought some for Amethyst, too."
Steven says: "They should be here any second."
Pearl says: "Why would she come with Greg?"
Pearl says: "*gasps* Are they hanging out again?"
Steven says: "What do you mean, "again"?"
Garnet says: "They'd better not be watching that dumb show."
Steven says: ""Li'l Butler"?"
Garnet says: "*scoffs* Kshhhh..."
The citizens of Beach City starts chanting the countdown to the New Year fireworks in the background.
Pearl says: "Un-be-lievable!"
Pearl says: "They really are!"
Pearl says: "They used to disappear for days, watching those obnoxious tapes over and over and over."
Pearl says: "Until..."
Steven says: "Until what?"
Pearl says: "I don't know."
Pearl says: "One day, they just..."
Pearl says: "stopped."
The fireworks begin and the citizens cheer and applaud, while Steven, Garnet and Pearl watch the fireworks in silence. Steven looks down timidly at his pan, grasping the handle, unwilling to play it without the presence of his dad.
Pearl says: "Happy New Year, Steven!"
Pearl says: "*lightly hits her pan with a wooden spoon* How's my volume?"
Garnet says: "*stands up* It's low."
Trans. Ext. U-stor.
Steven stands outside of Greg's storage unit, glaring at it angrily, and walks in. Music is heard as a tape stops playing and whirs back on the TV.
Greg says: "*hears booming noises from outside* What's that?"
Greg says: "I'm missing the fireworks!"
Greg says: "It's past midnight!"
Greg says: "*gets up* How did I get so sucked into this show again?"
Greg says: "It's like everything else just disappears!"
Steven sees Greg and Amethyst conversating and hides behind a junk pile, peeking over them.
Amethyst says: "*grabs Greg's hand* Woah, woah, don't go!"
Amethyst says: "*pulls him back* We're having a really good time!"
Amethyst says: "*holds up a tape* Here."
Amethyst says: "Look."
Amethyst says: "I've got the 2 part Hawaii special."
Greg says: "But Steven really wanted me to do New Year's."
Amethyst says: "He'll be fine."
Amethyst says: "He's Steven."
Amethyst says: "He's tough."
Greg says: "I wanted to be there!"
Amethyst says: "*holds her hand out and halts Greg* Here, here."
Amethyst says: "It would have been like this."
Amethyst says: "*shapeshifts into Steven* Whoa!"
Amethyst says: "Fireworks!"
Amethyst says: "*laughs like Steven* Hey, Dad, come on!"
Amethyst says: "Now let's watch some Li'l Butler!"
Greg says: "Amethyst, you know how I feel about shapeshifting."
Amethyst says: "..."
Amethyst says: "Geez, sorry."
Amethyst says: "*blushes dejectedly* I was just trying to cheer you up."
Amethyst says: "*shapeshifts into Greg and leans into Greg, twirling her hair* Oh, that's right—"
Amethyst says: "I forgot."
Amethyst says: "*mockingly* You're soooo sensitive."
Greg says: "*backs away* I know you like making me uncomfortable, but it's not funny."
Greg says: "I can't stay here and humor you."
Greg says: "I have to be there for my son."
Amethyst says: "*shapeshifts back to herself with a look of rage* Well, what about me, huh?"
Amethyst says: "I had someone who was always there for me until she started hanging out with YOU!"
Greg says: "Don't do this, Amethyst."
Greg says: "Seriously."
Amethyst says: "I bet you'd stay for her."
Greg says: "You wouldn't."
Amethyst says: "What?"
Amethyst says: "Do this?"
Amethyst shapeshifts into Rose and Greg quickly turns around to avoid seeing her. Steven continues watching in astonishment.
TV says: "Where are you going after Hawaii?"
Amethyst says: "Hey, Greg."
Amethyst says: "*chuckles* Turn around."
Amethyst says: "Check it out!"
Greg says: "*holding his head in agony, eyes screwed shut* I know you're doing it!"
Greg says: "I want to be friends again."
Greg says: "I really do."
Greg says: "But I can't let you do this to me again!"
Steven says: "*runs over and climbs atop the couch* STOP!"
The TV laughter track is heard as Amethyst, still as Rose, turns around towards Steven in shock. Steven's eyes widen in horror and he quickly shuts his eyes. The TV suddenly goes to static and Amethyst shapeshifts back to herself in total shock and horror.
Steven says: "What are you two doing?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "I get it."
Steven says: "It's hard to deal with stuff from the past."
Steven says: "You want to put it off because there's tons of it and it's really heavy and it means a lot to you, so it's hard to let anything go."
Steven says: "But you got to."
Steven says: "Because this thing is full!"
Steven says: "*picks up a nearby cat carrier* Seriously, when did you even have a cat?!"
Steven says: "!"
The static from the TV continues. Amethyst runs out of the U-Stor in devastation, while Greg continues to stare at Steven. Steven walks over and holds Greg's arm in a comforting way, and Greg turns off the TV.
Time Skip — Next day.
Greg says: "*running towards the U-Stor* Okay."
Greg says: "We're finishing this today."
Steven says: "Right."
Steven says: "*notices Pearl carrying a box out of the storage unit* What?"
Steven says: "Pearl?"
Pearl says: "Hello, Greg."
Pearl says: "Nice of you to join us."
Greg and Steven look into the storage unit and see that it has been thoroughly cleared out, with Amethyst and Garnet moving some boxes inside.
Greg says: "I don't believe it!"
Steven says: "Woah!"
Greg says: "I'm so sorry about the mess."
Steven says: "Was this..."
Steven says: "your idea?"
Pearl says: "Well..."
Garnet says: "*walks out, holding a tall stack of boxes on one hand* It was Amethyst's idea."
Amethyst then walks out, looking down sadly and holding a "Keep" box, and everyone turn to look at her.
Amethyst says: "*blushes* I-I just thought we could take all this stuff back to the temple."
Amethyst says: "It can fit in my room."
Amethyst says: "That way, you don't have to throw anything away."
Amethyst says: "But—"
Amethyst says: "But you can keep this."
Greg opens the box and pulls out the photo of him and Rose, now in a brand new photo frame. He tilts it back and an happy image of him and Steven reflects on the glass.
Greg says: "Uh..."
Greg says: "Thank you, Amethyst."
Amethyst pauses and turns to look at Greg. She blushes before looking away, grabs the boxes and and walks off with the Gems. Steven and Greg smile at each other, and Greg shuts the storage unit for a final time.
END.