Open Ext. The Barn.
The Crystal Gems are gathered around the drill they recently completed, while Peridot is nowhere to be found.
Amethyst says: "How much longer 'till we can use the drill?"
Pearl says: "Well, with the new coordinates we got from the moon base, it should be ready to go."
Pearl says: "But we really should perform a few tests first."
Steven watches as he sees Peridot sneaking into the barn and follows her. Peridot fumbles with the prism she retrieved from the Moon Base in "It Could've Been Great". She quickly hides it behind her back when she sees Steven.
Peridot says: "Oh!"
Peridot says: "Steven."
Steven says: "Peridot, I need to talk to you."
Peridot says: "Uhhh, yeah!"
Peridot says: "Sure!"
Steven and Peridot enter the truck that is parked inside the barn.
Peridot says: "Why are we in this broken-down vehicle?"
Steven continues to observe the prism Peridot is hiding.
Steven says: "I wanted to ask you..."
Steven says: "about the Diamonds?"
Peridot says: "Oh!"
Peridot says: "I don't know what the others have told you, but there's a reason they're in charge."
Steven says: "Why's that?"
Peridot says: "They're objectively better than us."
Peridot says: "Every Gem has their strengths and weaknesses, but not them."
Peridot says: "They're absolutely totally completely flawless beings!"
Peridot says: "Especially my diamond, Yellow Diamond, the most perfect, the most reasonable, rational, efficient decider ever to exist in the universe!"
Steven says: "You're really loyal to her, aren't you?"
Peridot says: "How could I not be?"
Peridot says: "We might have our little truce, but I'll never forsake the Gem I was made for!"
Steven says: "That's good, because..."
Steven says: "she's right behind you!"
Peridot says: "WHAT?"
Peridot turns around and Steven snatches the prism from her. He then exits the truck and locks Peridot inside.
Peridot says: "*screams* Ahh, no!"
Peridot says: "Ahh!"
Steven says: "Save your strength!"
Steven says: "You're up against one of the earth's greatest trapping technologies: the child safety lock!"
Peridot says: "*gasps and cowers* Oh, no!"
Peridot says: "How could you do this to me, the great and lovable Peridot?!"
Peridot says: "!"
Peridot says: "I thought we were finally friends like you wanted..."
Steven says: "I saw you sneak this off the moon base while nobody else was looking!"
Steven says: "*holding up the prism* What is it?"
Steven says: "Tell me!"
Peridot says: "It's nothing special."
Peridot says: "And definitely not important at all."
Steven says: "Hmm!"
Steven says: "*picks up a hammer lying on the floor* Then why don't I just smash it!"
Peridot says: "Nonononono, wait!"
Peridot says: "All right, look."
Peridot says: "I have a plan."
Peridot says: "Allow me to explain..."
Peridot says: "It's..."
Peridot says: "a communicator."
Peridot says: "Meant for the express purpose of contacting the Diamonds back on Homeworld."
Steven says: "You're still trying to contact Homeworld?"
Peridot says: "Yes, of course!"
Peridot says: "I figured it out."
Peridot says: "You simple clods keep trying to protect the earth, but you can't do anything right!"
Peridot says: "I let myself get carried away, too..."
Peridot says: "laughing, singing, building our little machine..."
Peridot says: "but don't you see?"
Peridot says: "None of that matters!"
Peridot says: "All that matters is that I'm of use to Yellow Diamond!"
Peridot says: "This planet can be of use to Yellow Diamond!"
Peridot says: "I must contact her, to reveal what I've discovered!"
Steven says: "But the Diamonds are bad!"
Steven says: "They don't care about the earth!"
Steven says: "They wanted to hollow it out, and now they wanna blow it up with the Cluster!"
Peridot says: "Yes, yes!"
Peridot says: "That's the point!"
Steven says: "Why do I keep sticking my neck out for you?"
Steven says: "You're never gonna be on our side!"
Steven says: "Garnet!"
Steven says: "Amethyst!"
Steven says: "Pearl!"
Peridot says: "Steven, no!"
Peridot says: "Don't get them."
Peridot says: "Steven!"
Peridot says: "Release me!"
Steven shuts the barn door, leaving Peridot behind.
Trans. Ext. the Barn.
Steven shows the communicator to the Gems, and they gasp in shock.
Pearl says: "She took a direct line to the Diamonds!"
Pearl says: "*takes the communicator* From the moon base?"
Pearl says: "What was she thinking?"
Amethyst says: "Man, after everything we've gone through, she's still  out to get us!"
Amethyst says: "Ohh, I'm takin' back all my cool nicknames for her!"
Amethyst says: "So long, Peri and P-dot, hello..."
Amethyst says: "Ahhh, I'm too mad!"
Amethyst says: "I'll think of something later."
Car horn honking is then heard from inside the barn.
Steven says: "I see she knows what a horn is now."
Garnet says: "You offered her a lot of your trust."
Steven says: "I did!"
Steven says: "And it blew up in my face."
Steven says: "You guys have been protecting Earth for thousands of years."
Steven says: "She could've destroyed all of that."
Steven says: "A whole Earth, why did I think I could change her mind?"
Amethyst says: "Ugh, I know right?"
Amethyst says: "But I guess you can't like go into peoples' heads and change how they think."
Amethyst says: "Maybe we can?"
Steven says: "No no no, I don't want to tell her what to do."
Steven says: "She should just know."
Steven says: "Shouldn't she?"
Garnet says: "It's 'cause you believe in everyone Steven."
Garnet says: "Like your mother, you seem to have a little more patience than the rest of us."
Garnet says: "But the truth is, not everyone deserves that patience."
Pearl says: "Look on the bright side."
Pearl says: "At least you got this thing away from her before she did any real damage."
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Yeah."
Suddenly, one side of the barn explodes.
Pearl says: "Ah!"
Steven says: "*turns around* OHHH NOOOOO!!!!"
The Crystal Gems see Peridot bursting out of the barn in her robot from "Back to the Barn".
Peridot says: "*laughs maniacally* Free!!"
Peridot says: "FREEEEE!!!"
Peridot says: "AHAHAHA!"
Steven says: "How did she escape?!"
Steven says: "!"
Peridot throws the truck door in front of the Crystal Gems.
Pearl says: "Ah!"
Peridot says: "Fools!"
Peridot says: "Your invisible rotary shield was no match for me..."
Peridot says: "once I applied logic!"
Steven groans in frustration as the Gems charge towards Peridot.
Peridot says: "Now I'm going to do this right!"
The Crystal Gems dodge out of the way from the truck. Pearl and Amethyst keep ahold of the communicator, but Peridot snatches it from them.
Peridot says: "See?"
Peridot says: "None of you know what you doing!"
Amethyst says: "Ohh okay!"
Amethyst says: "I've been ready for this!"
Amethyst says: "*shapeshifts into a helicopter* Get in."
Pearl and Garnet smile at each other and climb inside Amethyst.
Pearl says: "Where's Steven?"
Steven says: "Stupid Peridot, stupid giant robot!"
Steven says: "Oh why, oh why did I have to encourage her?"
Garnet says: "*stretches her arm to grab Steven* There's no time for feeling horrible."
Garnet says: "We have to catch Peridot before she contacts Yellow Diamond."
Amethyst begins to take off.
Pearl says: "That's right."
Pearl says: "You can feel horrible all you want back at the temple."
Amethyst flies off and chases Peridot, as she tries to operate the communicator with her robot's claws.
Amethyst says: "What's up, Perisnot?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Steven says: "Good one, Amethyst!"
Pearl and Garnet summon their weapons. Peridot screams as Garnet launches her gauntlets at the Peribot, knocking it into an electricity line. The robot falls over and lets go of the communicator.
Peridot says: "*slowly gets up* Ohh..."
Peridot sees the communicator just in front of her and grins, when Pearl's spear flies down and knocks it away from her. Amethyst shapeshifts back to normal and the Crystal Gems pounce onto Peridot's robot.
Amethyst says: "DOG PILE!"
Peridot says: "No!"
Peridot says: "Ahh!"
The Gems begin smashing the Peribot as Peridot slips away through the arm of the robot to retrieve the communicator. Only Steven notices Peridot and runs after her.
Steven says: "You're not getting away with it!"
Steven says: "*grapples Peridot* I TRUSTED YOU!"
Steven says: "I spend all that time bonding and hoping and caring about you!"
Peridot says: "You don't get it either!"
Peridot says: "This is your whole prooobleeem!"
Peridot says: "Your emotions rule out reason!"
Peridot says: "I will do what has to be done!"
Steven says: "Ahh!"
Peridot says: "*snickers* She'll sort this out!"
Garnet grabs Steven and the Crystal Gems quickly take cover behind the damaged Peribot. A chime is heard as the communicator opens up a screen. Peridot gets manically excited.
Yellow Pearl says: "This is the Yellow Diamond control room."
Amethyst says: "Is that another Pearl?"
Steven says: "Who is she?"
Pearl says: "Ugh, not all Pearls know each other, Steven."
Yellow Pearl says: "Who authorized you to make this call?"
Peridot says: "No one, b-but it's an emergency!"
Yellow Pearl says: "That's no excuse to use the direct Diamond communication channel."
Yellow Diamond says: "Pearl."
Yellow Pearl says: "Yes, my Diamond?"
Yellow Diamond says: "Why is there someone on the Diamond line?"
Yellow Pearl says: "I don't know."
Yellow Diamond says: "I'll take it from here."
Yellow Diamond brings the screen up to her eye level, revealing herself for the first time, and the Crystal Gems gasp in shock.
Garnet says: "Diamond!"
Peridot says: "My Diamond!"
Peridot says: "Peridot, reporting in."
Yellow Diamond says: "*busy typing away on her control panel* Which Peridot?"
Peridot says: "F-Facet 2-F-5-L, Cut 5-X-G."
Yellow Diamond holds up her palm to halt Peridot's speech.
Yellow Diamond says: "This says you're behind schedule on your mission to..."
Yellow Diamond retrieves a screen detailing the Earth pops up on her monitor.
Yellow Diamond says: "How is..."
Yellow Diamond says: "the Earth?"
Peridot says: "It's..."
Peridot says: "full of..."
Peridot says: "life."
Yellow Diamond says: "*disgusted* Organic life..."
Yellow Diamond says: "And where is the Jasper I assigned you?"
Yellow Diamond says: "And why aren't you calling from the ship?"
Peridot says: "Oh um..."
Peridot says: "The ship was destroyed."
Yellow Diamond says: "By whom?"
Peridot says: "I-I-I-It was destroyed by..."
Peridot says: "*gazes at the worried Steven* No one!"
Peridot says: "There was..."
Peridot says: "an accident?"
Peridot says: "..."
Peridot says: "While we were landing."
Yellow Diamond says: "*unamused* I'll inform your manager of your incompetence."
Yellow Diamond says: "And what is the status of the Cluster?"
Peridot says: "The Cluster..."
Peridot says: "will emerge shortly."
Yellow Diamond says: "Good."
Yellow Diamond says: "We'll finally get some use out of that miserable planet..."
Yellow Diamond says: "Thank you for your report, Peridot."
Yellow Diamond says: "There'll be a ship heading to your location to take you to your next assignment."
Peridot says: "Wait!"
Peridot says: "..."
Peridot says: "I-I wouldn't called to waste your time with a report."
Yellow Diamond says: "You already have."
Peridot says: "No, I mean..."
Peridot says: "the reason I called..."
Peridot says: "the real reason is..."
Peridot says: "I believe we should terminate the Cluster."
Yellow Diamond says: "..."
Yellow Diamond says: "Why?"
Peridot says: "The organic ecosystem creates resources unique to this world, we can't sacrifice all that potential just for one geo-weapon!"
Yellow Diamond says: "*annoyed* I've heard enough!"
Yellow Diamond says: "I don't care about potential and resources."
Peridot says: "What?!"
Peridot says: "!"
Yellow Diamond says: "I want my Cluster, and I want that planet to die."
Yellow Diamond says: "Just make that happen."
Peridot says: "..."
Peridot says: "No!"
Yellow Pearl says: "Huh!"
Yellow Pearl says: "?"
Yellow Diamond says: "Are you questioning my authority?!"
Yellow Diamond says: "!"
Peridot says: "I'm..."
Peridot says: "questioning your objectivity!"
Peridot says: "My Diamond."
Yellow Pearl says: "Well..."
Yellow Pearl says: "!"
Yellow Diamond says: "*gets up from her seat* You are out of line."
Peridot says: "But!"
Yellow Diamond says: "SHUT YOUR MOUTH!"
Yellow Diamond says: "You have failed at every stage of this mission."
Yellow Diamond says: "Your only chance to redeem yourself is to obey this simple order."
Yellow Diamond says: "You are to leave the Cluster to grow."
Yellow Diamond says: "It will tear apart the Earth, and I will take immense satisfaction in erasing that hideous rock off of our star maps!"
Yellow Diamond says: "IS!"
Yellow Diamond says: "THAT!"
Yellow Diamond says: "CLEAR?!"
Yellow Diamond says: "!"
Yellow Diamond says: "?!"
Yellow Diamond says: "!"
Peridot says: "THEN I WON'T DO IT!"
Peridot says: "I can tell you with certainty that there are things on this planet worth protecting!"
Steven smiles as he watches on.
Yellow Diamond says: "What do you know about the Earth?!"
Yellow Diamond says: "!"
Peridot says: "APPARENTLY MORE THAN YOU, YOU..."
Peridot says: "CLOD!!!!!!!"
Yellow Diamond glares at Peridot in pure anger. The Crystal Gems watch in shock and surprise.
Peridot says: "Uhh!"
Peridot says: "Peridot, out!"
Peridot cuts the transmission. The Crystal Gems then come out from hiding and begin to cheer and congratulate Peridot.
Steven says: "That was AMAZING!"
Peridot says: "I can't believe I just did that..."
Steven says: "I was so wrong about being so wrong about you!!"
Peridot says: "I can't believe I just did that!"
Peridot says: "..."
Garnet says: "You thought you could change her mind."
Amethyst says: "Yellow D got torn down by the Peri-dactyl!"
Peridot says: "*sighs and holds up the communicator* Can one of you take this?"
Pearl says: "*takes the communicator* Why?"
Peridot says: "Because it can be remotely detonated."
The communicator begins to glow red. The Crystal Gems start to panic while Peridot curls up on the ground.
Pearl says: "AH!"
Pearl says: "How do we stop it!"
Pearl says: "?"
Garnet says: "Just get rid of it!"
Pearl says: "Uhh, here Amethyst!"
Amethyst says: "WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO DO WITH IT?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Amethyst throws it to Steven, who quickly bubbles it, and Garnet punches the bubbled communicator into the sky, launching it far away before exploding.
Peridot says: "I thought I could reason with her..."
Amethyst says: "Yeah."
Amethyst says: "You really made her mad."
Pearl says: "And then you insulted her to her face."
Steven says: "Do you know what this means?!"
Steven says: "!"
Peridot says: "I'm a traitor to my home world."
Steven says: "You're a Crystal Gem!"
Garnet says: "Whether you like it or not."
Peridot starts groaning loudly as the camera zooms out to an overview of the Earth. The star iris then closes in on the Earth, ending the episode.
END.