Open Ext. Beach House.
Connie, carrying a bag with Rose's Sword, walks up to the Beach House porch and knocks on the door. It opens up and Steven, who is apparently bald, greets her.
Steven says: "Lovely day, isn't it?"
Connie says: "Yeah, I guess."
Connie walks into the house without looking up at Steven.
Steven says: "Ya know, uh, my dad told me I should expect this at some point, but I didn't think it would happen overnight."
Connie says: "Right, yeah."
Steven grows more uneasy that Connie is not noticing his apparent baldness.
Steven says: "Connie, I'm bald!"
Connie says: "*turns and finally notices Steven's baldness* Oh."
Connie says: "What happened?"
Steven says: "Nothing."
Steven says: "*takes off an elastic cap* It was just a joke."
Connie says: "Oh, okay."
Steven notices Connie's lack of enthusiasm.
Steven says: "Hey, are you okay?"
Pearl and Garnet warp in on the Crystal Temple Warp Pad.
Pearl says: "Steven, Connie!"
Pearl says: "I hope you two are ready for today's special lesson."
Connie says: "Oh, no, was I supposed to bring something?"
Garnet says: "Just yourselves."
Pearl says: "Garnet is going to sit in."
Pearl says: "She's very excited to see you fight as Stevonnie."
Connie says: "Oh!"
Connie says: "Right!"
Connie says: "Fusion training."
Garnet says: "I made a sign."
Garnet says: "Woooop."
Garnet says: "*pulls out a sign behind her back* This side is for both of you, and this side is for Stevonnie."
Garnet says: "It's two signs in one."
Garnet says: "A fusion sign."
Steven says: "*laughs* Fusion joke."
Steven elbows Connie playfully, and she chuckles weakly.
Trans. Int. Ancient Sky Arena.
Steven and Connie faces off two Holo-Pearls, while Garnet spectates from the seatings.
Pearl says: "Ready, kids?"
Steven says: "Yes, ma'am!"
Steven notices Connie gazing away, seemingly distracted, and he elbows her.
Steven says: "Connie!"
Connie says: "-Yes, ma'am!"
Garnet says: "*cheering* Ste-ven!"
Garnet says: "Con-nie!"
Garnet says: "Whoo!"
Holo-Pearls says: "Initiating fusion dance."
The Holo-Pearls begin to dance in robotic ways to fuse into one big Holo-Pearl.
Holo-Pearl says: "Come at me, children."
Steven and Connie nod at each other and begin dancing to fuse as well. Garnet flips her sign in ecstatically as Stevonnie appears, summoning their shield in one hand, and drawing their sword in the other.
Stevonnie says: "Let's dance."
Pearl says: "Let us..."
Pearl says: "begin!"
The fight begins. Holo-Pearl attacks first, and the duelists exchanges offenses and defenses. Holo-Pearl unleashes a flurry of attacks until Stevonnie jumps over it and begins floating to a nearby pillar.
Stevonnie says: "Huh?"
Pearl says: "*gasps* Oh!"
Stevonnie says: "All right!"
Stevonnie says: "Stevonnie's got floating powers!"
Stevonnie says: "Time to finish the job!"
Stevonnie jumps off the pillar and dives toward Holo-Pearl. However, Stevonnie starts to hallucinate Holo-Pearl as a human child, and it startles them.
Stevonnie Steven.
Huh?
Stevonnie Connie.
I'm sorry!
Stevonnie dives past Holo-Pearl and collides into the ground. Pearl and Garnet gasp in shock as Stevonnie rolls on the ground and unfuses back into Steven and Connie. They quickly runs up to the pair's side.
Garnet says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Garnet says: "Connie!"
Pearl says: "Connie!"
Steven says: "W-what happened?"
Connie says: "Mmmuh!"
Connie says: "Nugh!"
Steven says: "Connie, wait!"
Connie runs out of the entrance into the arena. Steven follows after and finds her sitting, curled-up, on the stairs. He then walks up to sit down next to her.
Steven says: "Hey, what's wrong?"
Connie says: "I did something terrible at school, and I don't know what to do."
Steven says: "That doesn't sound like you."
Steven says: "What happened?"
Connie says: "..."
Connie says: "I beat someone up."
Steven says: "What?!"
Steven says: "!"
Connie says: "A kid I didn't know."
Connie says: "He just bumped into me in the hallway."
Connie says: "I was so startled, my training instincts kicked in."
Connie says: "I just..."
Connie says: "reacted."
Connie says: "I was so embarrassed, I just ran away."
Steven says: "But you didn't mean to hurt him!"
Steven says: "*sighs* I know what it's like..."
Steven says: "Sometimes, you hurt people..."
Steven says: "by accident.."
Steven says: "?"
Steven says: "Y-you just have to try not to think about it."
Garnet says: "Hold the phone."
Garnet appears at the entrance, staring down at Steven and Connie.
Garnet says: "Now give the phone to me."
Trans. Beach, Dusk.
Garnet brings Steven and Connie to the beach, and they sit down, facing each other.
Garnet says: "For a fusion to work, there needs to be balance."
Garnet says: "An imbalance can cause your fusion to lose touch with reality, see things that aren't there, and eventually fall apart."
Garnet says: "That is to say, if one of you is falling apart, your fusion will as well."
Garnet says: "To find balance, you must understand your feelings."
Garnet says: "To understand your feelings, you must see them clearly without running from them."
Connie says: "See them clearly?"
Garnet says: "I'll show you, but first, we need Stevonnie."
Steven says: "*nod at each other* Mmm."
Connie says: "*nod at each other* Mmm."
Steven and Connie fuse back into Stevonnie. Garnet then prompts them to take up a meditating position.
Garnet says: "Close your eyes."
Stevonnie says: "Okay."
Garnet says: "Breathe."
Stevonnie starts breathing deeply as everything fades to darkness.
Garnet says: "Here, in darkness, everything's okay."
Garnet says: "Listen to the waves, and let them fade away."
Garnet says: "Here comes a thought."
Trans. Int. Fusion Realm.
When Stevonnie opens their eyes, they gasps in surprise to find themselves and Garnet inside a realm of a blue hue, as Garnet begins to sing.
Garnet says: "♪ Take a moment to think of just, / Flexibility, love, and trust."
Garnet says: "/ Take a moment to think of just, / Flexibility, love, and trust."
Garnet takes up a mediating position, and Stevonnie follows promptly. Garnet then gazes off in a distance, and Stevonnie does too, spotting Ruby and Sapphire standing next to each other.
Garnet says: "♪ Here comes a thought, / That might alarm you."
Garnet says: "/ What someone said, / And how it harmed you."
Ruby gets infuriated by a butterfly and chases after it, leaving Sapphire alone as she is surrounded by more butterflies.
Garnet says: "♪ Something you did, / That failed to be charming."
Garnet says: "/ Things that you said, / Are suddenly swarming."
A butterfly perches on Stevonnie's finger and they look down sorrowfully. The butterfly flies away, and a swarm of them fly in from behind Stevonnie to surround Sapphire in a vortex of them.
Garnet says: "♪ And oh!"
Garnet says: "You're losing sight."
Garnet says: "You're losing touch."
Garnet says: "/ All these little things seem to matter so much, / That they confuse you."
Garnet says: "/ That I might lose you."
Sapphire stares in immerse fear at the collective mass of butterflies surrounding her, while Ruby is still infuriated at the one butterfly, causing her to break down crying. Sapphire tries to reach out to Ruby, but is too overwhelmed by the butterflies to do anything.
Garnet says: "♪ Take a moment."
Garnet says: "Remind yourself to, / Take a moment and find yourself."
Garnet says: "/ Take a moment to ask yourself if, / This is how we fall apart."
Two butterflies perch in Garnet's hands and she holds them out to Stevonnie, prompting her to ponder whether if the butterflies are the problem for fall apart.
Garnet says: "♪ But it's not."
Garnet says: "But it's not."
Garnet says: "But it's not."
Garnet says: "But it's not."
Garnet says: "But it's not."
Garnet says: "/ It's okay."
Garnet says: "It's okay."
Garnet says: "It's okay."
Garnet says: "It's okay."
Garnet says: "It's okay."
Garnet says: "/ You've got nothing."
Garnet says: "Got nothing."
Garnet says: "Got nothing."
Garnet says: "Got nothing to fear."
Garnet says: "/ I'm here."
Garnet says: "I'm here."
Garnet says: "I'm here."
Ruby takes a deep breath and calms herself down from assaulting the butterfly she once had an issue with, snapping back into reality to see Sapphire is in turmoil. She then runs over to comfort Sapphire with their company, letting the other know they have one another.
Stevonnie says: "♪ Here comes a thought, / That might alarm me."
Stevonnie says: "/ What someone said, / And how it harmed me."
Stevonnie starts singing as they gazes off in the distance, and Garnet spots Steven and Connie entering the scene too. Steven expresses concerns over Connie's remorse until Connie encounters a butterfly, shining like a mirror and showing Connie's reflection.
Stevonnie says: "♪ Something I did, / That failed to be charming."
Stevonnie says: "/ Things that I said, / Are suddenly swarming."
Connie kneels down in guilt, in an attempt to ignore the butterfly. However, a swarm of butterflies suddenly bursts out of her backpack.
Stevonnie says: "♪ And oh!"
Stevonnie says: "I'm losing sight."
Stevonnie says: "I'm losing touch."
Stevonnie says: "/ All these little things seem to matter so much, / That they confuse me."
Garnet says: "♪ That I might lose me."
Stevonnie says: "♪ That I might lose me."
The butterflies swarm forms into a single giant butterfly in the sky. It then begins projecting Connie's troubling memory of her assaulting the unknown kid at school. The kid accidentally bumped into Connie, and she instantly grabbed his arm and slammed him down on the ground. Connie, shocked by her actions, quickly ran away in embarrassment from the kid, who was also startled by the attack.
Garnet says: "♪ Take a moment."
Stevonnie says: "♪ Take a moment."
Garnet says: "Remind yourself to take a moment and find yourself."
Stevonnie says: "Remind yourself to take a moment and find yourself."
Garnet says: "Take a moment and ask yourself if this is how we fall apart."
Stevonnie says: "Take a moment and ask yourself if this is how we fall apart."
Garnet and Stevonnie sing together as they continue to meditate and resolve their troubled mind.
Garnet says: "♪ But it's not."
Stevonnie says: "♪ But it's not."
Garnet says: "But it's not."
Stevonnie says: "But it's not."
Garnet says: "But it's not."
Stevonnie says: "But it's not."
Garnet says: "But it's not."
Stevonnie says: "But it's not."
Garnet says: "But it's not."
Stevonnie says: "But it's not."
Garnet says: "/ It's okay."
Stevonnie says: "/ It's okay."
Garnet says: "It's okay."
Stevonnie says: "It's okay."
Garnet says: "It's okay."
Stevonnie says: "It's okay."
Garnet says: "It's okay."
Stevonnie says: "It's okay."
Garnet says: "It's okay."
Stevonnie says: "It's okay."
Garnet says: "/ You've got nothing."
Stevonnie says: "/ You've got nothing."
Garnet says: "Got nothing."
Stevonnie says: "Got nothing."
Garnet says: "Got nothing."
Stevonnie says: "Got nothing."
Garnet says: "Got nothing to fear."
Stevonnie says: "Got nothing to fear."
Garnet says: "/ I'm here."
Stevonnie says: "/ I'm here."
Garnet says: "I'm here."
Stevonnie says: "I'm here."
Garnet says: "I'm here."
Stevonnie says: "I'm here."
The butterflies surrounding Stevonnie get blown away, allowing her a clearer mind. Steven and Connie breathe deeply to calm down until a butterfly lands on Connie's hand. It projects her reflection again, causing her to break down in tears, until Steven lets her know that he is here from her.
Garnet says: "♪ And it was just a thought."
Stevonnie says: "♪ And it was just a thought."
Garnet says: "Just a thought."
Stevonnie says: "Just a thought."
Garnet says: "Just a thought."
Stevonnie says: "Just a thought."
Garnet says: "Just a thought."
Stevonnie says: "Just a thought."
Garnet says: "Just a thought."
Stevonnie says: "Just a thought."
Garnet says: "/ It's okay."
Stevonnie says: "/ It's okay."
Garnet says: "It's okay."
Stevonnie says: "It's okay."
Garnet says: "It's okay."
Stevonnie says: "It's okay."
Garnet says: "It's okay."
Stevonnie says: "It's okay."
Garnet says: "It's okay."
Stevonnie says: "It's okay."
Garnet says: "/ We can watch."
Stevonnie says: "/ We can watch."
Garnet says: "We can watch."
Stevonnie says: "We can watch."
Garnet says: "We can watch."
Stevonnie says: "We can watch."
Garnet says: "We can watch them go by."
Stevonnie says: "We can watch them go by."
Garnet says: "/ From here."
Stevonnie says: "/ From here."
Garnet says: "From here."
Stevonnie says: "From here."
Garnet says: "From here."
Stevonnie says: "From here."
The butterflies fly away peacefully as Steven and Connie watch on. Ruby and Sapphire join them and the four of them lay down on the ground to watch the butterflies flutter away.
Stevonnie says: "♪ Take a moment to think of just, / Flexibility, love, and trust."
Stevonnie says: "/ Take a moment to think of just, / Flexibility, love, and trust."
The last of the butterflies flutters away, as the song concludes.
Trans Int. Beach House, The Next Day.
Steven is reading a book by the windows, when Connie runs in enthusiastically through the door.
Connie says: "Steven, I'm ready to train!"
Connie says: "I'm so glad we talked to Garnet."
Connie says: "I really figured out what I needed to do!"
Connie says: "I talked to Jeff."
Connie says: "That's his name, by the way."
Connie holds out her phone, showing Steven a picture of her and the kid, having a broken arm.
Steven says: "Whoa."
Steven says: "You did it!"
Connie says: "I apologized and he understood!"
Connie says: "He actually wanted to know if I could show him some moves."
Steven says: "That's great!"
Connie says: "It's funny."
Connie says: "I spent all that time feeling bad instead of doing something."
Connie says: "It's like I was trying not to think about it, and that just made it worse."
Connie says: "Now that I've got a clear head, we'll do so much better as Stevonnie."
Connie says: "Anyway, I'm gonna change."
Steven waves at Connie as she runs off to change, when he notices a butterfly perched on Rose's sword. He glares at it in concerns and worry.
Trans. Int. Ancient Sky Arena.
Stevonnie fights against multiple Holo-Pearls, impressing Garnet and Pearl with various skillfully maneuvers and techniques.
Pearl says: "Great technique, Stevonnie."
Pearl says: "*ducks under a defeated Holo-Pearl flying by* Whew!"
Pearl says: "Keep it up!"
Stevonnie says: "Thanks, ma'am!"
Stevonnie charges at another Holo-Pearl and thrusts their sword.
Stevonnie says: "Hyah!"
Stevonnie says: "Uh, uh..."
Stevonnie says: "Oh, oh, uh..."
Suddenly, Stevonnie begins to hallucinate again, seeing Bismuth getting stabbed by their sword and then poofing into a swarm of butterflies. Stevonnie starts backing off in fear.
Stevonnie says: "Oh no."
Stevonnie says: "It's happening again!"
Stevonnie Connie.
Who was that?
Stevonnie Steven.
Bismuth.
Stevonnie Connie.
Steven...
Stevonnie Steven.
Oh, no. It's coming from me now!
Garnet says: "Stevonnie!"
Garnet calls out to Stevonnie, momentarily snapping them back to reality.
Garnet says: "Breathe!"
Pearl says: "What's going on?"
Pearl says: "What's happening to them?"
Garnet says: "They've got this!"
Stevonnie says: "Y-Yeah, I'm..."
Stevonnie says: "I'm..."
Stevonnie says: "Ugh."
Stevonnie continues to hallucinates, this time, Jasper, being corrupted, appears from before.
Stevonnie says: "Jasper."
Jasper approaches Stevonnie, growing in size, and they quickly backs off.
Stevonnie Steven.
I-I tried to help you. You wouldn't listen. I...
Stevonnie's shield disappears in their fright, as Eyeball suddenly appears before, expressing her anger towards them.
Stevonnie Steven.
I told you to stop! I-I had no choice! I-I'm sorry. I shouldn't be-.
Stevonnie Connie.
No! It's okay! It's okay to think about it!
Bismuth, Jasper, and Eyeball surround Stevonnie, fueling Steven's guilt as he begins to crumble under their gazes.
Stevonnie Steven.
I thought I could, but it's so much! I can't do it!
Bismuth, Jasper and Eyeball all burst into three swarms of butterflies, which fly into the air and starting collectively amassing above Stevonnie. Stevonnie breaks down into tears as the butterflies form the head and hair of Rose Quartz, glaring down at them in disappointment. Stevonnie drops their sword in sheer remorse as they continue backing off.
Stevonnie says: "No..."
Stevonnie says: "No..."
Stevonnie says: "No- Ah!"
Stevonnie backs too much and falls off the edge of the arena.
Garnet says: "Stevonnie!"
Pearl says: "Stevonnie!"
Garnet and Pearl run up to the edge and watch helplessly, as Stevonnie falls towards the earth. Stevonnie gasps and screams in fright, unfusing back into Steven and Connie.
Connie says: "We're falling!"
Connie says: "Steven, let's fuse!"
Connie says: "We can hover."
Connie says: "We'll be okay!"
Connie sees Steven crying in front of her, curled up while covering his face.
Connie says: "Steven?"
Steven says: "I didn't want to hurt anyone!"
Connie swims over to Steven and grabs hold onto him.
Steven says: "I'm sorry!"
Steven says: "None of them would let me help them!"
Steven says: "I had no choice!"
Connie says: "It's okay!"
Steven says: "No, it's not!"
Connie says: "But it's okay to think about it!"
Steven says: "It feels so bad!"
Connie says: "That's okay, too!"
Connie says: "There was nothing else you could've done!"
Steven says: "I don't want to feel this way."
Connie says: "You have to."
Connie says: "You have to be honest about how bad it feels so you can move on."
Connie says: "That's how it was for me."
Steven says: "*sniffles*..."
Steven says: "Okay."
Connie and Steven fuse again into Stevonnie, returning to their hallucination, with a vortex of butterflies swarming below them.
Stevonnie says: "Aaah-eeee!"
Stevonnie says: "*inhales deeply* Just breathe."
Stevonnie closes their eyes and falls through the vortex of butterflies. Down on the earth, Stevonnie eventually comes floating down and lands on the ground safe and sound. They laughs in relief and lays back on the ground, gazing up at the sky.
Stevonnie says: "*sighs* I'm here."
END.