Open. Int. Beach House, Steven's Room.
Steven is in his bedroom inspecting one of his teddy bears.
Steven says: "Oh no!"
Steven says: "MC Bear-Bear, you've got a tear-tear!"
Steven says: "*reveals a tear underneath the bear's armpit* I should have been more careful."
Steven says: "We've lost too many good bears."
Steven says: "Don't worry."
Steven says: "You're hurt, but I'll look after you."
Steven says: "Mwah!"
Steven kisses MC Bear-Bear and gasps, as the tear magically mends itself back together.
Steven says: "Guys?"
Steven says: "Guys?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven runs down from his bedroom to meet the Gems in the kitchen.
Amethyst says: "What's up, little Ste-cup?"
Pearl says: "*holding a plate* We were just about to put away the dishes."
Steven says: "*snatches the plate off Pearl's hands* Look what I can do!"
Steven smashes the plate on the ground, to Pearl's shock and Amethyst's approval.
Amethyst says: "All right!"
Amethyst says: "It's a Ste-party!"
Pearl says: "What is the meaning of this?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Steven says: "My healing spit is back!"
Steven says: "I fixed a rip on MC Bear-Bear!"
Steven says: "Here, I'll show you!"
Steven licks his hand, preparing to "heal" the party, but Pearl quickly halts him.
Pearl says: "Fine, fine, I believe you."
Pearl says: "I don't want you touching a broken plate."
Pearl says: "I'll find a broom."
Amethyst says: "I'll find some other stuff to break!"
Pearl says: "No, Amethyst!"
Steven says: "Now that my healing spit is back..."
Garnet says: "No."
Steven says: "What?"
Steven says: "But, I didn't even ask anything yet."
Garnet says: "With my future vision, I can see you're going to ask if you could use your power to heal one of the monsters in the bubble room."
Steven says: "Can you see if I can get you to change your mind?"
Steven puts his hands in a begging motion and eventually wins Garnet over.
Trans. Int. The Burning Room.
The Gems accompany Steven into the Burning Room.
Pearl says: "Why did you agree to this?"
Garnet says: "I lost a battle of will."
Steven says: "*points upwards* Here it is!"
Steven jumps up and grabs a bubbled gem.
Steven says: "Gotcha!"
Pearl says: "Is that..."
Steven says: "It's Centipeetle."
Steven says: "If I can help any of them, I want to help her first."
Amethyst summons her whip and reels in a bubbled Chaaaaps to her.
Amethyst says: "Don't forget these!"
Steven says: "*gasps* Chaaaaps!"
Steven says: "They're her favorite!"
Steven says: "Okay."
Steven says: "You guys ready?"
Garnet nods while Amethyst and Pearl brace themselves. Steven pops the bubble and the Centipeetle begins to regenerate.
Amethyst says: "Come on dude, do your thing!"
Pearl says: "Be careful!"
While Centipeedle is regenerating, Steven licks his hand and slaps it on her gem, causing a bright light to engulf the place. The gem is healed, turning Centipeedle back in Nephrite, with humanoid arms and legs. The Gems gasp in surprise.
Pearl says: "Is it working?"
Nephrite turns around, revealing she is still semi-corrupted, and screeches loudly at the Crystal Gems.
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "It worked!"
Steven takes the bubbled Chaaaaps from Amethyst and walks up to Nephrite.
Pearl says: "Uh, Steven?"
Nephrite falls onto the floor in her confusion.
Steven says: "Centi, you're back!"
Nephrite hisses at Steven.
Steven says: "Whoa!"
Steven says: "What's the matter?"
Steven says: "Don't you want some Chaaaaps?"
Nephrite angrily squawks at Steven.
Amethyst says: "*sighs* I don't think she remembers them."
Steven says: "Forget the Chaaaaps."
Steven says: "*pushes the bubbled Chaaaaps bubble back into the air* You remember me, don't you?"
Nephrite tilts her head, staring at Steven in confusion.
Steven says: "I have a bad feeling this didn't work how I wanted it to work."
Pearl says: "Hmm, possibly not."
Pearl says: "Oh!"
Pearl says: "Don't go closer!"
Steven says: "Maybe she just needs a little extra love!"
Steven walks up to Nephrite and kisses her gem, causing Nephrite to cover her gem, back away, and squawk in pain.
Steven says: "Uh, oops."
Garnet says: "Hmm."
Garnet says: "This is the best we've ever seen it work."
Pearl says: "But it didn't work."
Pearl says: "I guess it'll take more than a kiss to heal damage from the Diamonds."
Steven says: "But why?"
Steven says: "My healing powers are back."
Steven says: "I-I should be able to do this."
Pearl says: "It's alright Steven."
Pearl says: "Remember, she's not cracked, she's corrupted, and that's something different, something nearly..."
Pearl says: "impossible to describe."
Garnet says: "It's sort of like if MC Bear-Bear didn't tear the fabric of his arm, but the fabric of his mind."
Amethyst says: "Sounds pretty explained to me!"
Steven says: "Hmm."
Garnet says: "Steven, I'm impressed with your ability to bring the Centipeetle this far, but it's time to let her rest again."
Garnet says: "Amethyst..."
Amethyst says: "Uh, sure."
Amethyst says: "*summons her whip* I'll poof her."
Nephrite is seen looking at her own reflection and squawking at it in one of the Crystal Heart's veins, as Amethyst starts approaching her.
Steven says: "But!"
Steven says: "She's not a monster anymore!"
Garnet says: "Here."
Garnet says: "*turns Steven around and presses his face in her chest* You don't have to watch."
Steven says: "*pushes himself away from Garnet* No, please!"
Steven says: "*runs in front of Nephrite* She can walk, and talk!"
Steven says: "Just like you guys!"
Nephrite squawks friendly at Steven.
Steven says: "See?"
The Gems are slightly convinced.
Steven says: "I helped her this much, maybe I can help her more."
Steven says: "I have to try, I made a promise!"
The Gems look at each other uneasy.
Steven says: "Pleeeeeeease?"
Steven begins begging and pouting with eyes of innocence again. The Gems sigh in annoyance and defeat, having won over in the battle of will again.
Pearl says: "What are we going to do with her?"
Pearl says: "Let her move in?"
Amethyst says: "Aw yeah!"
Amethyst says: "Corrupted roommate!"
Pearl says: "Oh Amethyst, be sensitive."
Steven says: "*gasps* She can even stay in my room!"
Pearl says: "Uh, we're..."
Pearl says: "really doing this?"
Garnet says: "She can stay un-bubbled."
Garnet says: "But you have to understand."
Garnet says: "Some Gems are beyond our help."
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Nephrite is seen sitting on the couch, and Steven walks up to her.
Steven says: "Okay, Centi."
Steven says: "Oh, I guess that's not really your name."
Steven says: "What is your name?"
Nephrite speaks in a series of squawks.
Steven says: "Gurgle click-click?"
Steven says: "Oh, right."
Steven says: "Can't talk, huh?"
Steven says: "You really don't remember me?"
Steven says: "You don't remember saving me from that seagull or our adventures in the ice caves, or when I electrocuted you with- Uh, actually, do forget that one."
Nephrite tilts her head, confused.
Steven says: "You even forgot Chaaaaps."
Steven opens the bag of Chaaaaps on the table. Nephrite begins drooling in reaction.
Steven says: "*takes a chip from the bag* I love Chips..."
Nephrite sings "I love Chips" distortedly in squawks.
Steven says: "*gasps* Do..."
Steven says: "do you remember me singing the Chaaaaps jingle?"
Nephrite takes the chip out of Steven's hand and eats it. She then squawks happily in response.
Steven says: "You love chips, and I love chips!"
Nephrite says: "You love chips, and I love chips!"
Steven says: "We love chips from Chaaaaps!"
Nephrite says: "We love chips from Chaaaaps!"
Nephrite takes the Chaaaaps bag and begins eating out of it.
Steven says: "Your memories are still in there!"
Steven says: "I just have to draw them out!"
Steven says: "Oh!"
Steven says: "I know how we can talk, even if your voice is messed up!"
Steven runs off and returns with papers and crayons. Nephrite tilts her head confused.
Steven says: "See, this is an Earth crayon!"
Steven says: "I-I bet you Gems are used to super-advanced space crayons, but we make do."
Steven says: "*draws his name on a paper* Look, Ste..."
Steven says: "ven."
Steven says: "That's me!"
Steven says: "Can you do that?"
Nephrite nods and squawks, as she begins drawing on the paper.
Steven says: "Ah, Steven, you're a genius!"
Nephrite squawks and shows Steven her drawing, seemingly to just be a bunch of illiterate scribbles to Steven.
Steven says: "Okay, maybe not."
Steven says: "That's alright."
Steven says: "I have another plan!"
Steven says: "We'll just talk through the language of art!"
Steven draws and shows Nephrite a drawing of himself. Nephrite takes Steven's paper and begins drawing on it.
Steven says: "What are you adding?"
Nephrite shows Steven the paper, revealing that she had drawn herself holding Steven's hand.
Steven says: "*gaps* You remember we were buds!"
Nephrite squawks happily, which sounds like a "Yeah!".
Steven says: "Do you remember anything from before yo- I-I mean, from long ago?"
Nephrite thinks for a bit, squawks and starts drawing. She then shows Steven her drawing.
Steven says: "It's you in..."
Steven says: "some kind of spaceship?"
Steven says: "Is that how you came to Earth?"
Nephrite adds on to her drawing.
Steven says: "What are you drawing now?"
Nephrite shows the paper again, showing a few other Nephrites beside her.
Steven says: "Huh."
Steven says: "They look kind of like you."
Steven says: "Was that..."
Steven says: "your crew?"
Nephrite squawks in approval.
Steven says: "*gasps* You were a captain?"
Steven says: "That's so cool!"
Steven says: "I'm sorry, that's so cool, sir!"
Steven says: "*salutes Nephrite* Oh, yeah, you guys don't salute like that."
Steven says: "You go like..."
Steven says: "Mm."
Steven tries to do the Diamond salute unsuccessfully.
Steven says: "Ow, ow!"
Steven says: "Oh, this looked so easy when Peridot did it."
Nephrite does the correct Diamond salute.
Steven says: "*gasps* Yeah!"
Steven says: "Like that!"
Nephrite does the salute repeatedly, squawks in realization, and continues drawing. Steven then tries to interpret her drawings sequentially.
Steven says: "It's you..."
Steven says: "saluting..."
Steven says: "You're saluting someone..."
Steven says: "Your commander?"
Steven says: "She gave you an order..."
Steven says: "You and your crew..."
Steven says: "and your ship."
Steven says: "Woah, lots of ships."
Steven says: "You flew through space."
Steven says: "Towards Earth."
Steven says: "You landed and started building stuff."
Steven says: "But then..."
Steven says: "the Gem war..."
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "You joined the fight..."
Nephrite starts striking out figures on her drawing in fury, while a horrified Steven watches on.
Steven says: "You and your crew kept going."
Nephrite rips the drawing of her away from her crew.
Steven says: "You got separated, but you were still fighting."
Steven says: "Then, new orders from your commander..."
Steven says: "to retreat."
Steven says: "Everyone's running, but from what?"
Steven says: "You don't know."
Steven says: "Where's your crew?"
Steven says: "Where's your ship?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "You stopped."
Steven says: "You heard something."
Steven says: "From the sky, a sound."
Steven says: "A song?"
Steven says: "And then..."
Water droplets suddenly drip onto the paper, after Nephrite colored the whole paper in white crayon.
Steven says: "Centi?"
Nephrite starts crying out of sadness and breaks a crayon in her hand in half.
Steven says: "That light."
Steven says: "Where did it come from?"
Nephrite, sobbing, draws The Great Diamond Authority symbol on the white-out drawing.
Steven says: "Damage from the Diamonds."
Nephrite then starts coughing spits out some acids onto the floor.
Steven says: "Are you okay?!"
Steven says: "!"
Nephrite collapses onto the floor, and her left arm begins to mutate back to its corrupted form.
Steven says: "You're reverting."
Steven says: "Here, I'll heal you again!"
Steven licks his hand and touches Nephrite's gem. Nephrite's arm glitches a bit, but it remains corrupted.
Steven says: "Why isn't it working?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "How can I help you!"
Steven says: "?"
Nephrite shows Steven the drawing of the Diamond symbol.
Steven says: "I don't understand!"
Nephrite squawks agitatedly at Steven and runs up to the Warp Pad. She starts hitting it in an attempt to activate it.
Steven says: "It's not working 'cause your corrupted."
Steven says: "Where do you want to go?"
Steven says: "*scans through Nephrite's drawings* The battlefield?"
Steven says: "Your ship?"
Nephrite squawks in response.
Steven says: "Is there something on the ship that can help you?"
Nephrite screams and slams her fists on the warp pad.
Steven says: "Just hold on."
Steven says: "*gets on the warp pad* I'll get you there."
Trans. Ancient Gem Colony Ship, Sunset.
Steven warps him and Nephrite to the abandoned Gem ship. Nephrite squawks and starts running off.
Steven says: "Hey!"
Steven says: "Wait for Steven!"
Nephrite runs through the jungle, squawking loudly as if calling out to someone. Suddenly, she grabs her head in pain, as she reverts more into her corrupted form. Steven eventually catches up.
Steven says: "Oh no."
Steven says: "*runs up to Nephrite* Where are you trying to get to?!"
Steven says: "!"
Nephrite runs up to the door of the ship and starts tearing off vines that are blocking it.
Steven says: "Oh."
Steven says: "You want in the door."
Steven says: "Steven Universe at your service-erse."
Nephrite and Steven tears off the vines together, revealing the hand pad next to the door. Nephrite tries to open the door, but fails as she completely reverts back into her corrupted form. Steven then opens the door for her, and him and Nephrite enter inside.
Steven says: "We're in!"
Steven says: "What now?"
Steven says: "*looks up to the ceiling* Other Centipeetles?"
Nephrite crawls up the wall to join the other Nephrites, and they start gladly squawking with one another. Amethyst then suddenly appears beside Steven.
Amethyst says: "Hey now!"
Amethyst says: "This is my style!"
Amethyst shapeshifts into a corrupted Nephrite.
Amethyst says: "Can I hang with you, dudes?"
Pearl says: "Amethyst, don't make fun!"
Amethyst says: "I'm not!"
Amethyst says: "Ugh!"
Steven says: "You guys were right after all."
Steven says: "I couldn't help Centipeetle."
Garnet says: "You brought the Centipeetle back to her ship."
Garnet says: "You brought her back to her crew."
Garnet says: "They've been waiting here for her."
Garnet says: "They didn't want to leave her behind."
Steven says: "Wait..."
Steven says: "how did you know any of that?"
Garnet says: "*pulls out the stack of Nephrite's drawings* She told us."
Steven says: "*takes the stack* Her drawings?"
Garnet says: "Her writing."
Pearl says: "It's actually decently legible!"
Steven says: "Wow!"
Nephrite then crawls up to Steven and nuzzles him happily, and Steven giggles with joy.
Steven says: "You look so happy here."
Steven says: "Can we let the Centipeetles stay?"
Garnet says: "You can put those puppy dog eyes away, Steven."
Garnet says: "This ship, it's their bubble now."
The Crystal Gems exit the ship and Steven closes the door, leaving the Nephrites, now happy with one another's company, inside.
Steven says: "Pearl!"
Steven says: "Pearl!"
Steven says: "Pearl!"
Steven says: "*catches up to the Gems* Will you teach me to write in Gem?"
Pearl says: "Oh, Steven, it's very complicated."
Pearl says: "And you won't have much use for it."
Steven says: "Oh, just a few things, like, "Hi, how are you?"
Steven says: "", "Where's the bathroom?"
Steven says: "", and..."
Steven looks through Nephrite's drawing and sees her drawing of the Diamonds symbol. He looks at it with sorrow as the star iris closes in on the drawing.
Steven says: ""I'm sorry."
Steven says: ""."
END.