Open Ent. Ice Cavern.
An overview of an ice mountain is seen, when a section of the mountain collapses. The Crystal Gems are inside an ice cavern battling a corrupted Larimar while icicles fall all around. Larimar is knocked backwards and crashes into a wall.
Garnet says: "Alright everyone!"
Pearl says: "One more attack should do it."
An icicle impales Larimar's arm, causing it to fall off.
Steven says: "Yikes!"
Steven says: "Your arm."
Garnet punches Larimar, causing her to crumble and poof into a icy cloud. Her gem falls from the cloud and Pearl rushes towards it, catching and then bubbling it away.
Pearl says: "Now there's nothing standing between us and the Shooting Star."
The cavern continues to rumble and crumble.
Amethyst says: "This job is really dangerous!"
Amethyst says: "Whoaa, Jeeezzz."
Amethyst says: "Whu-Whoa, MAMA!"
Steven says: "Amethyst!"
Steven says: "Uh, don't worry, I'll dig you out!"
Amethyst mumbles to Steven.
Pearl says: "We've got to get Steven out of here!"
Garnet says: "*turns to Steven* I'm sending you back to the temple."
Steven says: "But, Garnet, how are you gonna..."
Steven says: "You can bubble me?!"
Steven says: "!"
Pearl says: "Garnet, no!"
Pearl says: "Garnet!"
Garnet says: "Watch your head."
The ice cavern then caves in, burying the Gems.
Trans. Int. Burning Room.
Steven screams as he is warped through the bubble stream. He then appears in the basement of the temple, surrounded with several bubbled gems.
Steven says: "Whoa!"
Steven says: "I'm back inside the temple."
Steven says: "*sees Larimar's gem from before* Hehehe, look 'atcha now."
Steven says: "Stuck in a bubble."
Steven says: "Hmmm."
Steven says: "Let me see if I can..."
Steven says: "Graaa-yeah!"
Steven says: "*forcefully pulls his bubble open, popping it, and falls* Whoa!"
Steven falls on top of the bubble of another gem, causing it to pop. The gem then begins to reform.
Steven says: "Oh, man!"
Steven says: "What's happening?!"
Steven says: "!"
The regenerating form glows in green, at first seemingly humanoid, before expanding to glowing into a giant familiar monster.
Steven says: "Aah!"
Steven says: "The Centipeetle!"
Nephrite glances at Steven for a moment, before shrinking down and reforming into a smaller version of itself.
Steven says: "Eh..."
Steven says: "Huh?"
Steven says: "*sees Nephrite, trembling in fear* It looks..."
Steven says: "so scared."
Steven says: "*crawls towards it* Uhh, hi."
Steven says: "Ah, it's okay."
Steven says: "Look."
Steven says: "*lies belly flat on the floor* Please don't be scared of me."
Steven says: "See, I'm not gonna hurt you."
Steven says: "Yeah, just relax."
Steven says: "Yeah, don't be shy."
Steven says: "We can be friends."
Pearl says: "*interrupts* STEVEN!"
Pearl says: "Get away from that thing!"
Amethyst says: "Whoa, dude!"
Steven says: "Wait!"
Garnet leaps over and attempts to punch the frightened Nephrite, which it quickly dodges away. Pearl then jumps to Steven's side.
Pearl says: "This was a terrible idea!"
Pearl says: "And he's even managed to pop a bubble, and let out that awful..."
Pearl says: "thing!"
Garnet's gauntlets sparkle, ready to attack the cornered Nephrite again.
Pearl says: "If that thing hurt you, so help me I'll!"
Steven says: "No!"
Steven says: "It didn't do anything!"
Steven says: "*runs in between Garnet and Nephrite* Garnet, don't hurt it!"
Steven says: "*spreads his arms out* I accidentally let it out of its bubble, but it didn't even try to hurt me."
Steven says: "It's not like the other monsters, it's just scared and confused."
Steven says: "Please Garnet."
Steven says: "I'm begging you."
There is a dramatic pause as Steven, making a desperate face, and Garnet stare at each other.
Garnet says: "..."
Garnet says: "I can't say no to that face."
Pearl says: "Excuse me?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Pearl says: "You can't be serious!"
Garnet says: "I think you should try and tame it, Steven."
Steven says: "Garnet!"
Steven says: "*hugs Garnet's leg* Thank you sooo much."
Amethyst says: "*laughs at Pearl* Shut down by the G-squad!"
Amethyst says: "Ahahahaha!"
Pearl says: "Well, let's at least take some precaution."
Trans. Ext. Beach House.
Garnet says: "Alright, Steven."
Garnet says: "Let's see if you can get it to calm down."
Nephrite is seen chained to a rock on the beach.
Steven says: "Um, it still seems a little scared."
A chain breaks apart from Nephrite. The Gems and Lion all brace themselves for battle.
Steven says: "Maybe you guys could put your weapons away and watch from the house?"
Pearl says: "Absolutely not!"
Garnet says: "*dispels her gauntlets* Steven can handle it."
Pearl says: "Garnet!"
Pearl says: "?"
Garnet says: "Pearl."
Amethyst says: "Oh!"
Amethyst says: "Hmm, hmm!"
Amethyst says: "You just go..."
Amethyst says: "Garneted!"
Amethyst says: "Aha!"
The Gems and Lion turn around and walk back to the temple.
Steven says: "Okay, friend."
Steven says: "It's just us now."
Steven says: "C'mon, it won't be like before."
Steven says: "How about we try something else?"
Steven says: "Hmmmm."
Steven says: "Oh, what's this?"
Steven pulls out a bag of Chaaaaps from his jacket.
Steven says: "Chiiips!"
Steven says: "You like chiiiiips?"
Steven says: "You wanna chiipps?"
Steven says: "Yeah?"
Steven says: "Yeah?"
Steven says: "*takes a chip out of the bag* Awwww, look at this chip!"
Steven says: "Yum, yum, yum!"
Steven says: "*eats the chip* Mmm, tasty, tasty."
Steven says: "Try it!"
Nephrite starts approaching towards Steven again.
Steven says: "That's it!"
Steven says: "*takes out another chip* Smells good, right?"
Steven says: "I don't know how you eat with an eyeball in your mouth, but I'm glad you like it."
Steven says: "*gets up and leads Nephrite with a chip in hand* Mmm, mmm!"
Steven says: "Aaah!"
A wind blows the chip out of Steven's hand, which Nephrite catches and eats.
Steven says: "Hahahahaha, woohoo!"
Steven says: "*throws handfuls of chips in air and laughs* Hey, come on!"
Steven says: "You love chips, and I love chips!"
Steven says: "Hahahaha!"
Steven says: "Yeah!"
A seagull sees the chips in Steven's hand and bites his hand, causing Steven to drop the bag in pain.
Steven says: "Aaah!"
Steven says: "Shoo, get!"
Steven says: "Those aren't for you!"
The seagull growls at Steven, when a spray of acid splashes in between Steven and the seagull. Steven turns and sees an agitated Nephrite.
Steven says: "W-What are you doing?"
Steven says: "You..."
Steven says: "saved me."
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Steven and Nephrite head back into the house, where the Gems are gathered and discussing at the kitchen counter.
Pearl says: "..."
Pearl says: "But we have to go back for the Shooting Star!"
Steven says: "*enters* Garnet, Pearl, Amethyst!"
Pearl says: "Woah, why isn't that thing on its rock?"
Steven says: "I trained her up!"
Steven says: "Look!"
Steven says: "Squawk!"
Steven says: "Squawk!"
Pearl says: "Steven, you can't just..."
Pearl says: "Ooh!"
Amethyst says: "Hahahaha!"
Amethyst says: "That was awesome..."
Steven says: "Squawk!"
Amethyst says: "Nooooo!"
Amethyst says: "Mi tortaaa!!!"
Pearl says: "Steven, this is unacceptable!"
Steven says: "Oh, come on Pearl."
Steven says: "*feeds and pets Nephrite* She can help us on like missions and stuff."
Pearl says: "Oh, no!"
Pearl says: "Out of the question!"
Steven says: "Awww."
Pearl says: "Well we can't return to the Ice Cavern now."
Pearl says: "We have to deal with Steven and his..."
Pearl says: "situation."
Amethyst says: "Well I dunno how we're getting through that cavern without causing a cave-in anyway."
Garnet says: "Hmmm."
Garnet says: "That's how."
Trans. Int. Ice Cavern.
Pearl says: "I just don't know if this will work..."
Steven says: "Squawk!"
Steven says: "Alright, Centipeetle!"
Pearl says: "Shooting Star, here we come..."
The Crystal Gems proceed to venture through the Ice Cavern, as Nephrite helps with her acid spray to overcome any obstacles in their way. The Crystal Gems eventually arrive in a room containing the Shooting Star.
Crystal Gems says: "Whoa."
Steven says: "Cool!"
Pearl says: "There it is!"
Pearl says: "The Shooting Star!"
Pearl says: "*proceeds the pool in the center of the room* An ancient elemental, so hot, and so volatile, it can only be contained in ice."
Pearl says: "Bare skin cannot endure its intensity!"
Steven says: "What do you do with the Shooting Star?"
Amethyst says: "Uhh, you shoot it."
Pearl says: "Garnet, you'll have to use your gauntlets as not to hurt your hands."
Garnet summons her gauntlets and prepares to dip her hands into the pool, when Nephrite suddenly starts spazzing out at the sight of it.
Steven says: "No, no, no!"
Steven says: "Not now!"
Garnet says: "Something's wrong."
Nephrite continues to spazz in fear and starts shooting acid all over the ceiling, causing stalactites to fall from the ceiling.
Steven says: "Whoa!"
All of the Gems duck to avoid the falling stalactites, when an eruption occurs from the pool, frightening Nephrite even more.
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "*summons her spear* I knew this would happen!"
Pearl charges towards Nephrite and smacks her against a wall. The impact causes a crack to occur in a giant stalactite.*.
Steven says: "Aaah!"
Steven says: "Pearl, stop!"
Steven says: "It was an accident!"
Steven says: "*accidentally pulls Nephrite's hair* Sorry for pulling..."
Garnet says: "Steven!"
Steven says: "Noooo!"
Nephrite gets up and charges toward Garnet and Steven. Pearl and Amethyst blocks her path and continues to attack her. The crack in the giant stalactite continues to worsen. Amethyst reels Nephrite in with her whip and accidentally sends herself and the Gems flying into the wall. Nephrite then prepares to retaliate.
Steven says: "Stop!"
Steven says: "*runs in between Nephrite and the Gems* You don't need to fight!"
Steven says: "This isn't you!"
Steven says: "*starts crying* You're not a monster anymore!"
Steven says: "You're more than that."
Steven says: "We have so many memories now!"
Steven says: "Remember the chip times?"
Steven says: "*walks towards Nephrite, but she backs away* And how you saved me from that vicious seagull?"
Steven says: "And how we became best friends?"
Steven says: "*pulls her in for a hug* You have to remember!"
Steven says: "This all happened today!"
Acid drips out Nephrite's mouth, damaging Steven's jacket, as she begins to calm down. The crack in the giant stalactite finally gives way, causing it to fall towards Steven. As it nears, Nephrite shoves Steven out of the way.
Steven says: "Noooo!"
Steven says: "You saved me."
Garnet says: "Steven..."
Garnet says: "You did a good job trying to tame the Centipeetle."
Garnet says: "Your mother would be so proud."
Steven says: "She would?"
Garnet says: "The truth is, Rose Quartz had tried to use her powers to save these monsters too, but she was never able to heal them."
Steven says: "Never?"
Steven says: "But if she couldn't do it..."
Pearl says: "Who knows?"
Pearl says: "Maybe when you have better control of your powers, you might help them in ways even your mother couldn't."
Garnet says: "Even this one."
Steven says: "I'll keep it safe."
Amethyst says: "Whoa!"
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "You can bubble Gems!"
Steven says: "Wow..."
Steven says: "Wait for me, Centipeetle."
Steven says: "I promise I'll heal you up someday."
Steven says: "*sends the bubbled gem away to the temple* Ooh!"
Steven says: "Wait!"
Trans. Int. Burning Room.
Back in the Burning Room, the bubbled Nephrite's gem reappears, followed by a bag of Chaaaaps in a bubble next to her. Two star irises then zoom in on the two bubbles, ending the episode.
END.
Retrieved from "https says: "//steven-universe."
Retrieved from "https says: "fandom."
Retrieved from "https says: "com/wiki/Monster_Buddies/Transcript?"