Open. Int. Crystal Temple.
Greg is seen making a bowl of ice-cream for Steven, with chocolate syrup, whipped cream, and a slice of pie.
Greg says: "Here you go, schtu-ball."
Greg says: "Dinner is served."
Greg says: "Ice-cream ala pie!"
Steven says: "*laughs* Thanks, Dad."
Greg says: "Are you feeling any better?"
Greg says: "Looks like the swelling and glowing have gone down."
Steven pauses as he is about to grab a spoonful of ice-cream.
Greg says: "You know, that pie won't eat itself."
Steven says: "Sorry, I'm just- thinking about stuff."
Greg says: "What kind of stuff?"
Steven says: "I've spent so long trying to figure out whether I was Mom."
Steven says: "Now that I actually know I'm me, it's like I have no idea who that is."
Steven says: "I just wish I knew what to do with myself."
Greg says: "Well, I can relate to that."
Steven says: "Really?"
Greg says: "When I was your age, I didn't know who I was, or what I wanted to do."
Steven says: "You didn't always want to be a rock-star?"
Greg says: "No way."
Greg says: "I didn't get my hands on good music until I was your age."
Greg says: "Before I had the van I had no idea what was out there."
Greg says: "But everything changed when I hit the road."
Greg says: "I mean, sure, you've seen other planets but what about West Keystone?"
Greg says: "Or Charm City?"
Greg says: "I had some of my most formative moments eating rest-stop sandwiches outside Delmarva house, and watching the trucks go by."
Steven says: "Huh."
Greg says: "Maybe you need a change of scenery, schtu-ball."
Greg says: "You're never gonna find yourself if you don't start looking."
Steven says: "Yeah, yeah!"
Greg says: "Let's go, son."
Greg says: "Right now!"
Steven says: "Really?"
Greg says: "The road is calling, Steven!"
Greg says: "Can't you hear it?"
Greg runs out the door, and Steven follows him while carrying his bowl of ice-cream.
Steven says: "Yeah, I think I can!"
Int. Greg's Van.
A montage of Steven and Greg's drive is shown, with them first driving out of Beach City, then stopping at a Pepe's Burger joint and a Uaua gas station. Inside the Uaua, they each try on a pair of wacky sunglasses and laugh at each other. As their drive continues, Steven and Greg both sing along to Dear Old Dad, eventually stopping once they start driving through a neighborhood.
Greg says: "About two blocks that way, that's where I played my first gig."
Steven says: "Really?"
Greg says: "I wasn't even Mr."
Greg says: "Universe yet."
Greg says: "I was just a kid with a guitar, sneaking out past the warden on a Saturday night."
Steven says: "Wait, so.."
Steven says: "how did you become Mr."
Steven says: "Universe?"
Greg says: "You know what?"
Greg says: "I can show you."
Greg parks the van outside of one of the houses and steps out.
Greg says: "Good, no one's home."
Steven says: "Wait, what?"
Steven says: "Who's house is that?"
Steven says: "Dad!"
Greg ignores him and approached the house before jumping over the white picket fence and landing on the other side with a hard thud. Steven quickly gets out of the van and goes over to the fence himself, but instead only peaking his head above it.
Steven says: "Dad?"
Greg climbs the large tree that stands in the yard to get high enough to open a window and before falling through it.
Greg says: "This used to be a lot easier."
Steven says: "Dad, you're breaking and entering!"
Greg says: "I just gotta grab one thing."
Steven climbs through the window as well and lands with a matching thud.
Steven says: "Dad, you're rich!"
Steven says: "You don't have to steal."
Steven says: "C'mon, let's get out of here."
Greg says: "Just a sec."
Steven says: "What are you even looking for?"
Greg says: "You'll see!"
Steven goes and looks around the house, worry clear on his face.
Steven says: "Is there really no one here?"
Steven says: "This is wrong."
Steven says: "I better write a note, they must have a pen and paper somewhere."
As Steven's going down the stairs, he stops and glances at a picture on the wall before continuing down.
Steven says: "But what would I even say?"
Steven says: ""Sorry for breaking into your lovely home."
Steven says: "You seem like such nice people with excellent taste."
Steven says: "And who enjoy potpourri."
Steven says: "".."
Steven says: "It's like a snack for your nose."
Steven goes and looks around again.
Steven says: ""Your fancy foreign spoon collection is impressive."
Steven says: "As are your tiny glass goats."
Steven sighs and grabs a pen from the pen cup.
Steven says: "Ah, geez."
Steven says: "It's as good a start as any."
Steven says: "Any paper in here?"
Steven opens a drawer, looking for some paper, but instead finds a neat pile of letters.
Steven says: "Huh?"
Steven says: "Letters from dad?"
Steven says: "They're all unopened."
Steven then gasps and runs up the stairs again, stopping at the same picture he did before, but looking at it more closely. The picture is of a man, a woman, and what must be their son. Steven immediately recognizes the boy in the picture.
Steven says: "DAD?!"
Steven says: "!"
Greg is sill searching through boxes for something when Steven runs into the room again.
Steven says: "Dad!"
Steven says: "Wha- Th-Th- This is your house?"
Greg says: "Not mine."
Greg says: "My parents'."
Steven says: "*gasps* This was your room!"
Steven says: "Wha- This place is beautiful!"
Steven says: "I thought you said you grew up in a prison."
Greg says: "I did."
Greg says: "You have no idea what it was like-- curfew, chaperones, meatloaf."
Steven says: "You didn't like meatloaf?"
Greg says: "Not every Thursday for twenty years."
Steven says: "Aw, it couldn't have been that bad."
Greg says: "Steven, it was horrible!"
Greg says: "Do you know how old I was the first time I had a taco?"
Greg says: "*sighs* Too old."
Steven then looks through a box as well, but with much more enthusiasm then Greg.
Steven says: "Ooh, so this is your stuff!"
Steven says: "Is this your little hand?"
Steven says: "And your tiny baby boots!"
Steven says: "Wh- A wrestling trophy?"
Steven says: "I didn't know you wrestled."
Greg says: "Not by choice."
Steven says: "A middle school year book?"
Steven says: "Ooh!"
Steven says: "You had braces!"
Steven took a picture of Greg's school picture on his phone.
Steven says: "You look just like me!"
Steven says: "Only more..."
Steven says: "human."
Steven looks sad for a moment before perking up again.
Steven says: "So many people signed this."
Steven says: "Tim wants you to have a great summer, and *gasps* who is Lauren Hecht?"
Steven says: "She sure wrote a lot."
Greg says: "We were in mathletes together."
Greg says: "It was just one of the million things my parents made me do."
Steven says: "Where are they, anyways?"
Greg says: "At their time share on Florida Island."
Greg says: "They go every single winter every single year."
Greg says: "They threw a fit the first time I refused to go with them."
Steven says: "Your hair, it's so short!"
Greg says: "Oh no, is that my graduation photo?"
Greg says: "They made me cut it, and it was right before a gig."
Steven says: "Do you have any photos of you on stage?"
Greg says: "Ha!"
Greg says: "Are you kidding?"
Greg says: "Everything music was off-limits."
Greg says: "Which is why I had to.."
Greg says: "hide my stuff."
Greg opens an air vent and pulls out a small box.
Greg says: "Yes!"
Greg says: "This is it!"
Greg says: "We can finally get out of here."
Greg says: "Now, leave that junk behind."
Greg climbs through the window again, this time with more difficulty.
Greg says: "Alright, one leg at a time."
Steven says: "Can't we use the front door?"
Greg says: "Oh, sorry."
Greg says: "It's a habit."
The two of them exit the house and Steven is about to hop into the passenger seat of the van before Greg stops him.
Greg says: "Hold on there, Steven."
Greg looks at Steven, excitedly spinning his car keys around his fingers.
Greg says: "This is your journey of self discovery, so you should get behind the wheel."
Steven says: "But, where are we headed next?"
Greg says: "That's up to you."
Steven gets into the driver's seat of the van with Greg in the passenger's and drives away from the house.
Greg says: "I get it, Steven."
Greg says: "When I was little Gregory DeMayo, I was just going through the motions, doing what everybody else wanted."
Greg holds up a Kerry Moonbeam CD.
Greg says: "This is the CD with the song that made me who I am!"
Greg says: "Hold on to your butt, Steven!"
Greg puts the CD in to the van's CD player and the song he was talking about starts playing.
Kerry Moonbeam says: "♪ Looking for your place in the universe, don’t you know the universe is looking too?"
Greg begging looking very happy and inspired, meanwhile Steven looks uncomfortable and untouched.
Greg says: "Hang on, you gotta listen to this part."
Greg says: "♪ Welcome to the party, Mr."
Kerry Moonbeam says: "♪ Welcome to the party, Mr."
Greg says: "Universe."
Kerry Moonbeam says: "Universe."
Greg says: "We're so glad we are a part of you."
Kerry Moonbeam says: "We're so glad we are a part of you."
Greg says: "Meet the rocks and flowers, the seconds and the hours."
Kerry Moonbeam says: "Meet the rocks and flowers, the seconds and the hours."
Greg says: "The splinters, winters, apples, chaples, teardrops, temples, cats, and castles."
Kerry Moonbeam says: "The splinters, winters, apples, chaples, teardrops, temples, cats, and castles."
Greg says: "Anything that you can be, the things you see and cannot see."
Kerry Moonbeam says: "Anything that you can be, the things you see and cannot see."
Greg says: "Are Mr."
Kerry Moonbeam says: "Are Mr."
Greg says: "Universe, Mr."
Kerry Moonbeam says: "Universe, Mr."
Greg says: "Universe."
Kerry Moonbeam says: "Universe."
Steven says: "Dad..."
Steven says: "I-Is this where our name comes from?"
Greg says: "Yes, yes exactly!"
Steven says: "You took it from a song?"
Greg says: "Once I heard this, everything changed."
Greg says: "I suddenly realized there was so much out there I hadn't even thought to dream about."
Greg says: "The whole world-- the whole universe."
Greg says: "I wanted to get out and see all of it."
Greg says: "So I got in this van, on this road, and I never looked back!"
Greg says: "I never could have known a couple years of couch surfing and basement shows would lead me to your mother, and you."
Greg says: "Now it's you turn!"
Greg says: "Where does Mr."
Greg says: "Universe make you want to go?"
Steven says: "What?"
Steven says: "I-I don't know."
Greg says: "Maybe you need to hear it again."
Greg plays the song again from the radio.
Steven says: "Dad!"
Steven says: "Th-This isn't helping!"
Steven turns off the song, Greg frowns and looks at Steven with confusion. as Steven starts to grow angry.
Steven says: "I don't need this song!"
Steven says: "I need..."
Steven says: "I need what you had!"
Greg says: "What?"
Steven says: "I wish I could've grown up at a house like that."
Greg says: "No you don't!"
Steven says: "Maybe your parents weren't so bad."
Steven says: "Maybe they gave you curfews and chaperones and meatloaf f-for a reason!"
Greg says: "Steven, you don't know what they were like!"
Steven says: "They can't be worse than mom's family."
Steven says: "I went halfway across the galaxy for them, and this was right here?!"
Steven says: "!"
Greg says: "Steven, I couldn't do anything growing up."
Greg says: "Everything I liked, or wore, wanted was always wrong!"
Greg says: "Trust me, you're better off then I was."
Steven says: "I can't believe I never realized, you're.."
Steven says: "you're just like mom!"
Steven then glowed pink and his grip tightened on the steering wheel.
Greg says: "You grew up with actual freedom!"
Steven says: "I grew up in a van!"
Steven says: "I never went to school!"
Steven says: "I've never been to the doctor until two days ago!"
Greg says: "Steven!"
Greg says: "You're a gem!"
Greg says: "You're not like other kids!"
Steven says: "I could have done all that stuff!"
Steven says: "My problem isn't that I'm a gem, my problem is that I'm a UNIVERSE!"
Steven yanked the steering wheel clean off as he yelled the word "universe", and Greg's eyes widened in panic.
Greg says: "Watch out!"
Steven slams his foot onto the brake and the van turns to it's side, skidding across the road at the same speed. The screen cuts to black as the sound of wheels squealing and a car crashing can be heard.
The sound of Greg's voice calling Steven's name progressively gets louder over a loud ringing as Steven slowly blinks his eyes open. Steven is lying in a dirt patch on the side of the road with Greg hovering over him. The van is destroyed behind them.
Greg says: "Oh, thank goodness!"
Greg says: "You really scared me there, kiddo."
Steven says: "*groans in pain* What did I do?"
Greg says: "Tow truck's on it's way."
Greg says: "The van's seen worse.."
Greg says: "We'll all get through this."
Greg says: "And-- look, I-I-.."
Greg says: "I'm proud of you."
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "What?"
Greg says: "Y'know, I never had the guts to tell my old man off like that."
Greg says: "I'm glad you can tell me anything."
Greg says: "You know you can tell me anything, right?"
Greg says: "You're having a hard time right now, I-I get it."
Greg says: "We'll get the van fixed up, we can head back home."
Greg says: "We'll get you some more ice cream, how does that sound?"
Steven is not listening, and instead is looking at the picture of middle-school Greg he had taken earlier. He stares at it for a few seconds as his finger hovered over the delete button. He clicks.
END.