Open Ext. Greg's Van.
Static flickers on the screen and a pre-recorded video begins to play. A variation of the song "Comet" is then heard, sung by a younger Marty.
Marty says: "♫ From the moment the meat hits the flame, / My stomach is growling without any shame!"
Marty says: "/ And I know in my gut, / It's been worth the $5."
Marty says: "95!"
Marty says: "/ Would you like a burger?"
Marty says: "/ From Pepe's Burgers?"
A commercial style advertisement is played, featuring Pepe's Burgers and its burger meal at $5.95, with Marty being the face of the commercial, as he takes a bite out of a burger and winks to the audience. Steven, joined by Greg and Pearl, watches in awe as the commercial concludes on the TV inside Greg's van, parked outside the Crystal Temple.
Steven says: "Whoa!"
Steven says: "Your song is on TV!"
Greg says: "Yeah."
Greg says: "Apparently, Marty sold my song as a burger jingle, and now I'm filthy stinking rich."
Steven says: "*sighs* The sweet stench of success."
Pearl says: "*leans towards the TV curiously* What is this?"
Greg says: "You know when Rose came to my concert?"
Greg says: "The night we met?"
Greg says: "I was playing this song!"
Pearl says: "This is what did it?"
Pearl says: "Burgers?"
Greg says: "It wasn't about burgers back then."
Greg says: "She probably would've like this, though, right?"
Pearl says: "*sighs* She would have loved it."
Greg groans in discontent as he turns off the TV.
Steven says: "So, what are you gonna do with all the money?"
Greg says: "I don't know."
Greg climbs into the back of his van and grabs his guitar. Steven sit next to him, and Greg begins to sing "Don't Cost Nothing'" with him.
Greg says: "♫ Bright sunny day, don't cost nothing."
Greg says: "/ Light summer breeze, don't cost nothing."
Greg says: "/ What do I do, with all this money?"
Greg says: "/ When the only thing I want is you?"
Steven shrugs.
Greg says: "♫ Palling around, don't cost nothing."
Greg says: "/ Singing a song, don't cost nothing."
Greg says: "/ How do I spend, all this money?"
Greg says: "I'd rather just spend time with you."
Steven says: "♫ You could buy a house, and a car."
Greg says: "♫ I guess that I can, but I've already got a van."
Greg says: "/ I could put you through college."
Steven says: "But I'm with the Gems all the time?"
Greg says: "♫ Or I could buy you all the finest courses online."
Steven says: "♫ What if we took a trip?"
Greg says: "Do you think?"
Steven says: "Yeah, I do!"
Steven says: "♫ We could take a vacation."
Steven says: "♫ We could go somewhere new."
(Steven says: ""Empire City"."
Greg begins to ponder says: ""Empire City"."
when Greg has an idea says: ""Empire City"."
begins rummaging inside his van. The song then transitions to a more upbeat one says: ""Empire City"."
(Steven says: ")"
Greg begins to ponder says: ")"
when Greg has an idea says: ")"
begins rummaging inside his van. The song then transitions to a more upbeat one says: ")"
Greg says: "♫ I know a place that's always exciting!"
Greg says: "/ The show and the sights and the lights that are blinding!"
Greg says: "/ Empire City!"
Greg says: "I'm talkin' Empire City!"
Greg pulls out a postcard illustrating the city of Empire City.
Greg says: "The streets and the sounds and the buildings towering!"
Greg says: "/ Subways that run from Brooklyn to the Bowery!"
Greg says: "/ Empire City!"
Greg says: "Let's go to Empire City!"
Greg and Steven starts singing in harmony as they run into the Beach House to pack for the trip.
Greg says: "♫ I know a place that's always exciting!"
Steven says: "♫ I know a place that's always exciting!"
A spotlight shine upon Greg and Steven as the words "Empire City" appear above them in neon lights.
Steven says: "♫ And let's bring Pearl!"
Another spotlight shine on Pearl, her name in neon lights appears above her, as the song ends.
Greg says: "What!"
Greg says: "?"
Pearl says: "..."
Pearl says: "I don't know."
Pearl says: "Past experiences have taught me that three is a crowd."
Greg says: "*whispers to Steven* Steven, me and Pearl haven't gotten along that well since, uh..."
Greg says: "Well, since I started dating your mother."
Steven says: "Aw, come on!"
Steven says: "We're all a big family."
Steven says: "It'll be great."
Steven says: "Just you, me, Pearl, and don't forget Mom."
Steven pulls up his shirt to reveal his gem. Greg and Pearl gasp and stare at each other, in response to the awkward situation.
Trans. Empire City.
(An orchestral fanfare is heard as Greg drives Steven says: "Bazzzillionaire"."
Pearl into Empire City in his van. He parks outside a hotel called Le Hotel says: "Bazzzillionaire"."
the trio enters it. Greg goes to the counter says: "Bazzzillionaire"."
rings the bell. The desk clerk says: "Bazzzillionaire"."
Ricky says: "Bazzzillionaire"."
glances at Greg says: "Bazzzillionaire"."
seemingly unamused by his appearance says: "Bazzzillionaire"."
until Greg hands him a card says: "Bazzzillionaire"."
reading "Mr Greg says: "Bazzzillionaire"."
(An orchestral fanfare is heard as Greg drives Steven says: "Steven then appears and puts a stack of money on the counter."
Pearl into Empire City in his van. He parks outside a hotel called Le Hotel says: "Steven then appears and puts a stack of money on the counter."
the trio enters it. Greg goes to the counter says: "Steven then appears and puts a stack of money on the counter."
rings the bell. The desk clerk says: "Steven then appears and puts a stack of money on the counter."
Ricky says: "Steven then appears and puts a stack of money on the counter."
glances at Greg says: "Steven then appears and puts a stack of money on the counter."
seemingly unamused by his appearance says: "Steven then appears and puts a stack of money on the counter."
until Greg hands him a card says: "Steven then appears and puts a stack of money on the counter."
reading "Mr Greg says: "Steven then appears and puts a stack of money on the counter."
(An orchestral fanfare is heard as Greg drives Steven says: "Ricky's eyes widen in sheer surprise and he, along with several hotel employees suddenly popping in, begins to sing "Mr."
Pearl into Empire City in his van. He parks outside a hotel called Le Hotel says: "Ricky's eyes widen in sheer surprise and he, along with several hotel employees suddenly popping in, begins to sing "Mr."
the trio enters it. Greg goes to the counter says: "Ricky's eyes widen in sheer surprise and he, along with several hotel employees suddenly popping in, begins to sing "Mr."
rings the bell. The desk clerk says: "Ricky's eyes widen in sheer surprise and he, along with several hotel employees suddenly popping in, begins to sing "Mr."
Ricky says: "Ricky's eyes widen in sheer surprise and he, along with several hotel employees suddenly popping in, begins to sing "Mr."
glances at Greg says: "Ricky's eyes widen in sheer surprise and he, along with several hotel employees suddenly popping in, begins to sing "Mr."
seemingly unamused by his appearance says: "Ricky's eyes widen in sheer surprise and he, along with several hotel employees suddenly popping in, begins to sing "Mr."
until Greg hands him a card says: "Ricky's eyes widen in sheer surprise and he, along with several hotel employees suddenly popping in, begins to sing "Mr."
reading "Mr Greg says: "Ricky's eyes widen in sheer surprise and he, along with several hotel employees suddenly popping in, begins to sing "Mr."
(An orchestral fanfare is heard as Greg drives Steven says: "Greg" in his honor."
Pearl into Empire City in his van. He parks outside a hotel called Le Hotel says: "Greg" in his honor."
the trio enters it. Greg goes to the counter says: "Greg" in his honor."
rings the bell. The desk clerk says: "Greg" in his honor."
Ricky says: "Greg" in his honor."
glances at Greg says: "Greg" in his honor."
seemingly unamused by his appearance says: "Greg" in his honor."
until Greg hands him a card says: "Greg" in his honor."
reading "Mr Greg says: "Greg" in his honor."
(An orchestral fanfare is heard as Greg drives Steven says: ")"
Pearl into Empire City in his van. He parks outside a hotel called Le Hotel says: ")"
the trio enters it. Greg goes to the counter says: ")"
rings the bell. The desk clerk says: ")"
Ricky says: ")"
glances at Greg says: ")"
seemingly unamused by his appearance says: ")"
until Greg hands him a card says: ")"
reading "Mr Greg says: ")"
Ricky says: "♫ Hey, shake a leg!"
Hotel Employees says: "♫ Hey, shake a leg!"
Ricky says: "♫ It's Mr."
Ricky says: "Greg!"
Hotel Employees says: "♫ It's Mr."
Hotel Employees says: "Greg!"
Ricky says: "♫ And he's here to spend his dough all over the town!"
The hotel employees carry Greg, Steven and Pearl over their heads and bring them to a fancy restaurant, seating them down at a table.
Hotel Employees says: "♫ He's got the bucks."
Greg says: "♫ I've got the bucks!"
Hotel Employees says: "♫ It's all deluxe."
Greg says: "♫ It's all deluxe!"
Greg says: "/ When you're dining out with me, it's the finest steak and brie."
Greg says: "/ And if I break a table, it ain't no- Whoa!"
Greg dances on the table, but accidentally slips off and breaks it. The concerned Ricky pops in and Greg hands him a currency note.
Greg says: "Just bill it to my bank."
Ricky says: "A hundred bucks?!"
Ricky says: "!"
Ricky says: "♫ Gee, thanks!"
The hotel employees then carry Greg, Steven and Pearl into the elevator and up to the hotel penthouse. Steven and Greg get changed into fine tuxedos with top hats and begin having fun in the penthouse's pool. Pearl does not seem to enjoy herself though, and Greg and Steven glare at her. They then grin again, as Pearl get changed into a tuxedo and top hat as well.
Pearl says: "♫ I must admit..."
Steven says: "♫ You must admit."
Greg says: "♫ You must admit."
Pearl says: "♫ It's a perfect fit!"
Steven says: "♫ You look great in it!"
Greg says: "♫ You look great in it!"
Steven says: "."
Greg says: "."
Pearl says: "♫ And those fountains I found wasteful, are actually quite tasteful."
Pearl says: "/ This city's got its charm, unlike that termite-ridden barn."
Pearl says: "/ And any time with Steven makes for a delightful evenin'!"
Pearl begins tap-dancing with Steven.
Greg says: "♫ You're having fun!"
Pearl says: "♫ More or less."
Greg says: "♫ So dance with me!"
Pearl says: "NO!"
Greg tries to dance with Pearl, but Pearl immediately pulls herself away in revulsion, abruptly ending the song.
Pearl says: "I..."
Pearl says: "I mean..."
Pearl says: "*sighs* Maybe later..."
Hotel Employee says: "Boo!"
Hotel Employee says: "You ruined the song!"
Greg says: "*holds out a handful of cash* Sorry, guys."
Greg says: "Thanks for singing with us."
Steven looks at Pearl in dismay, as she stands in front of the windows.
Greg says: "Don't worry about it, kiddo."
Greg says: "It's always been this way."
Steven keeps looking at Pearl sadly as the hotel employees begin to leave.
Time Skip.
Pearl walks in to look around the penthouse, now unlit and in a messy state from Greg and Steven's activities. She then enters the bedroom, where Steven and Greg are fast asleep on a king-sized bed. Pearl walks over to glance down at the snoring duo and sighs deeply. She looks at a bouquet of roses by the bedside and smiles, as she begins to sing "It's Over Isn't It".
Pearl says: "♫ I was fine with the men, / Who would come into her life now and again."
Pearl says: "/ I was fine 'cause I knew, / That they didn't really matter, until you."
Pearl pulls out a single rose from the banquet and puts on her top hat. She then walks out onto the balcony, when Steven is waken up by Pearl's song.
Pearl says: "♫ I was fine when you came, / And we fought like it was all some silly game."
Pearl says: "/ Over her, who she'd chose."
Pearl says: "/ After all those years, I never thought I'd lose."
Pearl dances on the balcony and leans against the glass edge of the balcony. She then lets her hat roll down her arm and catches it in his hand.
Pearl says: "♫ It's over, isn't it?"
Pearl says: "Isn't it?"
Pearl says: "Isn't it over?"
Pearl says: "/ It's over, isn't it?"
Pearl says: "Isn't it?"
Pearl says: "Isn't it over?"
Pearl says: "/ You won, and she chose you, and she loved you, and she's gone."
Pearl says: "/ It's over, isn't it?"
Pearl says: "Why can't I move on?"
Steven sits up on the bed, staring sadly at Pearl, as she jumps on the glass railings, putting on her top hat.
Pearl says: "♫ War and glory, reinvention."
Pearl says: "/ Fusion, freedom, her attention."
Pearl says: "/ Out in daylight, my potential."
Pearl says: "/ Bold, precise, experimental."
Pearl begins jousting, using the rose like a sword, and dancing on top of the railing. She then lays on her back on the railings, gazing up and reaching out to the sky.
Pearl says: "♫ Who am I now in this world without her?"
Pearl says: "/ Petty and dull with the nerve to doubt her."
Pearl says: "/ What does it matter?"
Pearl says: "It's already done!"
Pearl says: "/ Now I've got to be there for her son!"
Clouds in the sky form into silhouettes of Rose, Pearl, and Greg. Cloud Rose turns her attention to Cloud Greg, leaving Cloud Pearl as it looks down in sorrow. Steven begins climbing off the bed, as Pearl gets off the glass railings too and leans against it.
Pearl says: "♫ It's over, isn't it?"
Pearl says: "Isn't it?"
Pearl says: "Isn't it over?"
Pearl says: "/ It's over, isn't it?"
Pearl says: "Isn't it?"
Pearl says: "Isn't it over?"
Pearl says: "/ You won, and she chose you, and she loved you, and she's gone!"
Pearl throws the rose high into the air, and the wind carries it off the balcony. A single tear then falls from Pearl's eye.
Pearl says: "♫ It's over, isn't it?"
Pearl says: "Why can't I move on?"
Pearl says: "/ It's over, isn't it?"
Pearl says: "Why can't I move on?"
A shooting star flies through the sky as Pearl concludes her song. She then slowly returns back into the bedroom, and gasps and blushes in shock when she finds Steven, and Greg, are awake. Steven is sitting by the bed while Greg is sitting on the bed, with his back facing Pearl.
Pearl says: "Greg!"
Pearl says: "You were..."
Pearl says: "awake?"
Greg puts on a white bathrobe and straightens out his hair.
Greg says: "Nothing's gonna fix this, is it?"
Pearl says: "Greg!"
Greg says: "I'm sorry you had to be around me."
Steven says: "Dad!"
Pearl says: "..."
Pearl says: "I shouldn't have come along."
Steven says: "No."
Steven says: "This is exactly why I brought you."
Pearl stares at Steven in shock and confusion.
Trans. Hotel Lobby.
Greg is seen sorrowfully indulging himself with cherries out of a cup, as serene piano music plays in the background.
Greg says: "*sighs* Cherry man."
Greg eats a cherry and throws the stem into the cup. Steven clears his throat from behind Greg and he turns around, seeing Steven holding hands with Pearl, smiling awkwardly. Greg gets up from his seat and Steven prompts him and Pearl to make up. Greg and Pearl look away from each other uncomfortably, when the piano music suddenly and inappropriately transitions into upbeat ragtime. Steven walks up to the pianist and offers him a bundle of cash. The pianist gleefully accepts the cash, singing to himself, and walks away. Steven then takes over the piano, cracks his knuckles, and begins to sing "Both of You".
Steven says: "♫ Why don't you talk to each other?"
Steven says: "/ Why don't you talk to each other?"
Steven says: "Just give it a try."
Steven says: "/ Why don't you talk about what happened?"
Steven says: "/ I know you're trying to avoid it, but I don't know why."
Greg and Pearl walk up to Steven, noticing he is singing about them, and continues to look away awkwardly from each other.
Steven says: "♫ You might not believe it."
Steven says: "/ You might not believe it."
Steven says: "/ But you got a lot in common, you really do."
Steven says: "/ You both love me, and I love both of you."
Spotlights shine upon the trio, as Greg and Pearl slide closer to one another. Greg turns into a shade of yellow, and Pearl into a shade of blue. The background turns into a pink starry sky, and Greg, Pearl and Steven all begin to cry. Greg and Pearl then begin talking to one another while lying down.
Greg says: "Look, if I were you, I'd hate me too."
Pearl says: "I don't hate you."
Greg says: "But I knew how you felt about Rose, and I stayed anyway."
Pearl says: "That wasn't the problem."
Greg says: "Then, what was?"
Pearl says: "She fell in love with you."
Greg and Pearl sit up, looking at each other.
Greg says: "Well, you know Rose."
Greg says: "She always did what she wanted!"
Pearl says: "She always did what she wanted!"
Tear beads form in their eyes as Greg and Pearl laugh together, and Steven continues singing.
Steven says: "♫ I know you both need it."
Steven says: "/ I know that you both need it."
Steven says: "/ Someone who knows, / What you're going through."
Pearl stands up and offers a hand to Greg. Greg accepts Pearl's hand, and they begin to dance together.
Steven says: "♫ And you might now believe it."
Steven says: "/ You might not believe it."
Steven says: "/ But you got a lot in common, you really do."
Steven says: "/ You both love me, and I love both of you."
Steven says: "/ You both love me, and I love both of you."
Steven concludes his song while Greg and Pearl conclude their dance, smiling at each other, and the hotel employees pop out from behind tables to cheer on the trio. Greg and Pearl then laughs together when Ricky runs over to Greg, holding a covered platter in hand.
Ricky says: "*uncovers the platter* Le bill."
Greg takes the bill, examines it and cringes. He then begins singing a reprise of "Don't Cost Nothing".
Greg says: "Ugh!"
Greg says: "♫ Tailor-made suits, those cost something."
Greg says: "/ Room with a view, those cost something."
Greg unfolds the bill, revealing its tail reaching all the way to the floor.
Pearl says: "♫ Dancing with you..."
Greg says: "♫ Don't cost nothing."
Pearl says: "Why'd we even come?"
Pearl says: "We could've done this at home."
Steven chuckles in delight, and the trio begins to pack up, preparing to return home.
Pearl says: "♫ Singing a song, don't cost nothing."
Pearl says: "/ Or was it palling around, don't cost nothing."
Steven shakes his head.
Pearl says: "*sweating* ♫ Getting it wrong..."
Pearl says: "!"
Greg says: "♫ Don't cost nothing."
Pearl says: "*shrugs and chuckles* I tried."
Greg says: "I'm surprised you remember any of it."
Pearl says: "*blushes* What can I say?"
Pearl says: "It's catchy."
Greg begins driving, happily chatting with Pearl in the front seat, while Steven slouches in the back seat with his eyes closed, serenely singing Pearl's song to himself.
Steven says: "♫ It's over, isn't it?"
Steven says: "/ It's over, isn't it?"
Steven says: "/ It's over, isn't it?"
The van drives past a sign reading "Now leaving Empire State", and another reading "Welcome to Jersey". The star iris then closes on the van shrinking in distance, ending the episode.