Open Int. Maheswaran Residence, Evening.
Lion emerges out of a portal in front of Connie's house, ith Steven and  and Connie riding on his back and laughing. Connie then dismounts Lion.
Connie says: "Well..."
Connie says: "time to assume my secret identity."
Steven says: "Same time next week for sword training?"
Connie says: "Yeah."
Connie says: "It's a shame I can't practice more at home."
Steven says: "Hey!"
Steven says: "Wait a sec."
Steven says: "*jumps off of Lion and turns to him* Hup!"
Steven says: "May I?"
Lion tilts his head down and Steven pulls out Rose's Sword from his forehead. Connie gasps as Steven kneels before her, presenting the sword while imitating a medieval accent.
Steven says: "Here-ethhh."
Steven says: "You can borrow- ethhhh my mother's sword- ethhhh."
Connie says: "Steven!"
Connie says: "That's so nice!"
Connie says: "If grammatically incorrect, but..."
Connie says: "*imitates a medieval accent too* Thou can't just givest me thine mother's sword!"
Steven says: "Why not?"
Steven says: "- ethhh?"
Connie says: "Because it's really important-eth."
Connie unlocks the door to her house, and she and Steven walk inside.
Steven says: "That's exactly why you should have- ethhh it!"
Steven says: "You can have all week to practice- ethhh withhh it- ethhhhhh."
Connie says: "*laughs* Thhhhhhhh-ank you!"
Steven says: "*hands Connie the sword* We gotta be ready if we have to fight Malachite or Peridot or those creepy gem fusion experiments *shivers*."
Connie says: "I'll make sure nothing happens to it."
Connie says: "That's the garage door."
Connie says: "Mom's home!"
Connie says: "We have to hide the sword, there's no way Mom would let me have this in the house."
Steven says: "Lion?"
Steven says: "Lion!"
Steven says: "?"
Steven says: "He walked off!"
Connie says: "What are we gonna do?"
Dr. Maheswaran walks into the living and finds Connie and Steven sitting on the couch. Connie is playing her violin while Steven is sitting anxiously.
Connie says: "Hi, Mom."
Connie says: "Just finishing my 6 o'clock violin practice."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "You should've finished that 5 minutes ago."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "You're late for your 7 o'clock study hour."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Hello, Steven."
Steven says: "*nervously* Hi, Dr."
Steven says: "Maheswaran."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "How are you?"
Steven says: "*nervously* Sitting!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "*sighs* I had a rough day at work and I'm not in the mood for any more surprises."
Connie says: "What happened at work?"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "*takes off her coat* There was a really strange case at the Hospital today."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "*hangs her coat on a "coat rack"* Straight out of a nightmare..."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Oh, don't worry, the rules of doctor-patient confidentiality keep me from sharing the graphic details but- Hang on a moment."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "When did we get a coat rack?"
Connie says: "Oh, no..."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "A SWORD!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "?"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Connie, where did you get this?!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "!"
Connie says: "*interrupts* I found it!"
Connie says: "I just..."
Connie says: "found it outside and I wanted to show it to Steven."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "How could you possibly think this is okay?!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Do you know how many children I see everyday who've cut their faces off playing with swords?!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "NONE!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Because they all have parents who love them, and who don't let them play around with deadly weapons like some kind of gang member!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "No playing with swords!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Under any circumstances."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "This is Dr."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Maheswaran."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Yes."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Calm down, Stromberg, another one?"
Steven says: "Is she gonna give it back?"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Alright, I'll be right there."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "I have to go to the hospital."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "*keeps the sword in her bag and walks off* I'll have a talk with your father to calculate just how grounded you are."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "*turns back for a brief moment* And we're using the abacus!"
Connie says: "I hate that abacus."
Connie says: "Steven, I'm so sorry she took your mother's sword!"
Steven says: "Maybe we can get her to change her mind?"
Connie says: "She never, ever changes her mind."
Connie says: "We've got to get that sword back ourselves."
Trans. Ext. Hospital, Night-time.
Steven and Connie arrive behind the hospital through Lion's portal, and Steven falls off of Lion when he emerges from it.
Connie says: "We can't bring Lion inside, I'd feel really bad if my mom confiscated him too."
Steven says: "Oh, it's no problem!"
Steven says: "He can stay out here."
Steven says: "Look, I finally found a way to get him to do what I want."
Steven pulls a few packs of Lion Lickers from his pocket, and Lion immediately chomps on them and shakes them around.
Steven says: "He didn't even take the plastic off."
Connie says: "What an animal."
Connie says: "*chuckles with Steven* Okay, serious."
Steven says: "Yeah, serious."
Steven and Connie leave Lion behind to paw with his Lion Lickers.
Connie says: "This way!"
Steven and Connie open the doors into the hospital, revealing a dimly lit hallway with no one in sight.
Steven says: "Ahhh, you mean the super scary way..."
Connie says: "They turn the lights down after dinner."
An eerie moaning is heard at the end of the hallway.
Steven says: "What was that?"
Steven and Connie look at each other in fear and hold each other's hand. The pair then proceeds to walk down the corridor, evading the receptionist. They then walk past another pair of hospital staff, chatting to themselves.
Hospital Staff Member #1.
Dr. West ain't gonna like it.
Hospital Staff Member #2.
Well, Dr. West isn't here. *both chuckle*.
As they are walking, Steven and Connie spots Dr. Maheswaran walking hastily behind them. They quickly hide under a trolley and Dr. Maheswaran walk past, not noticing them. Dr. Maheswaran's phone rings again and she answers it.
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Yes, yes, I just got here..."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Mhm."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Mhm."
Dr. Maheswaran turns around a corner, and Steven and Connie follow her to a patient's room. They return outside the room and peek through the window. Inside, a patient, covered under a blanket, is heard moaning and making loud breathing noises.
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Where did you say you found them?"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "The side of the road?"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "I'm not sure just yet, I haven't had a look for myself."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "*lifts the blanket to inspect the patient* Wh—"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "It doesn't look like a car accident."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "You didn't find an ID?"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "*covers the blanket* Listen, I'll call you back when, or if I have an answer for you."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Goodbye."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "*ends the call and keeps her phone* Okay, now..."
Steven says: "What's she doing?"
Connie says: "She is probably checking their vitals."
Connie says: "Haven't you been to a hospital before?"
Steven says: "No."
Connie says: "Oh!"
Connie says: "Lucky."
Connie says: "*gasps* Steven!"
Connie says: "Look."
Connie notices Rose's sword in her mom's bag left in a corner. The patient keeps making rough breathing noises while Dr. Maheswaran tries to listen for a pulse.
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Hmm, no heartbeat..."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Ugh, cheap hospital budgets."
Once Dr. Maheswaran is gone, Steven and Connie sneak into the room and try to retrieve Rose's sword. As they advance, they keeps getting spooked by the patient's sudden jerking and noises. They grabs Dr. Mahaswaran's bag with the sword and try to leave the room, when Dr. Mahaswaran returns with another stethoscope.
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Connie?!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "!"
Steven says: "Oh, no!"
DR. Maheswaran says: "How did you even-?"
DR. Maheswaran says: "*snatches back her bag and the sword* What are you doing with THIS?!"
DR. Maheswaran says: "!"
DR. Maheswaran says: "I made a rule, no swords under any circumstances."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "We will finish this conversation at home."
A sudden noise is heard outside the room. Dr. Maheswaran, Connie and Steven head out to investigate, and see a dark figure limping in the hallway.
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Sir!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Ma'am!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Dr."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "West?"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Ugh, he can't take a day off, can't he?"
Dr. Maheswaran shines a flashlight at the figure, revealing to be a patient.
Dr. Maheswaran says: "You!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Uh."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "It's my other patient."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "What are you doing out of bed?"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Why aren't you at Doctor Stromberg's?"
Steven quickly realizes the "patient" is actually a cluster Gem mutant.
Steven says: "*gasps* That's not a patient..."
The Hallway Mutant begins charging at Steven, Connie and Dr. Maheswaran, and the group quickly retreats back in the patient's room. Dr. Maheswaran shuts the door behind them and the Hallway Mutant starts ramming into it repeatedly.
Dr. Maheswaran says: "I don't know what's going on here, but I am going to get to the bottom of it..."
The patient in bed starts jerking even more under the blanket, and Dr. Maheswaran runs towards them, shutting the curtains around them.
Steven says: "Connie?"
Steven says: "I think that's one of the Gem mutants."
Connie says: "What?"
Connie says: "Are you sure?"
Steven says: "Preeetty sure at this point."
Connie says: "Mom!"
Connie says: "*kicks a chair away and runs up to Dr."
Connie says: "Maheswaran* I really really, really need that sword!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Connie, no!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Now is not the time!"
The Hallway Mutant continues ramming the door.
Connie says: "Now is the perfect time, Mom!"
Connie says: "*jumps at Dr."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Connie!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "What has gotten into you?"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "*holds her bag out of Connie's reach* You- No, I never go back on a rule, young lady!"
Connie says: "There has to be some exceptions!"
Connie says: "I'm not some..."
Connie says: "rule-driven robot!"
The patient then bursts out of the curtains, revealing to be a cluster Gem mutant too, and grabs Connie.
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Connie!"
Connie says: "MOM!"
Steven says: "I'll save you!"
Steven says: "*summons his shield and rams into the Bed Mutant, freeing Connie* Keep your hands off my Connie!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "*steps back in panic* These patients are beyond reason."
Connie says: "Mom, if you would just go back on your rule this one time..."
The Hallway Mutant then hits the windows of the room, causing the blinds to collapse and frightening Connie and Dr. Maheswaran.
Connie says: "I just need to help Steven to get us out of here!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Mother knows best!"
Dr. Maheswaran charges with an hospital bed out of the room, pushing the Hallway Mutant back. She then pushes the hospital bed down the corridor, luring the Hallway Mutant into chasing it. She then tries to run away with Connie, but Connie stays behind because Steven is still struggling against the Bed Mutant.
Connie says: "Steven, come on!"
Steven exits the room and follows after Connie and Dr. Maheswaran, as the Bed Mutant struggle to get through the door. It eventually manages to and begins chasing the group down the hallway. The Hallway Mutant then walks in on the other side of the hallway.
Steven says: "Oh no!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "We're trapped!"
Connie says: "We don't have to be!"
The two Mutants slowly approach the group, cornering them, and Steven summons his bubble shield, encasing himself, Connie and Dr. Maheswaran. The two Mutants then begin ramming against Steven's bubble.
Connie says: "Really Mom!"
Connie says: "I know how to do this!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "No, you don't!"
Steven says: "Ahh..."
Steven says: "Yes she does!"
Steven says: "She's been training!"
Steven says: "She hasn't been playing around with that sword!"
Steven says: "She's been taking classes learning how to use it right!"
Steven says: "Even though she's always studying, or practicing tennis, or doing her homework, she still works really hard to be a good sword fighter."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "No."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "No no no no no no."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "I know my daughter!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "I know what she's doing every second of the day."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "All her activities, all her internets, I know she's definitely not some sword fighting hooligan!"
Connie says: "You don't know me at all!"
Connie says: "You still haven't even noticed my glasses!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "*worriedly* What's wrong with your glasses?"
Connie says: "*takes off her glasses* They don't have lenses anymore!"
Connie says: "*sticks her hand through the frame* I haven't needed actual glasses for almost a year!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "What?!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Your eyesight just, magically got better?!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "!"
Connie says: "YES!"
Connie says: "I've been dealing with magic and monsters and things like these, since I met Steven!"
Connie says: "That's why I need you to believe I know what to do here!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "But- You..."
Connie says: "Ugh!"
Connie says: "There's no time for this!"
Steven says: "Ready?"
Connie says: "Drop the bubble."
Steven pops the bubble, pushing back the Mutants. The Bed Mutant jumps towards Dr. Maheswaran, but Connie leaps in and slices it into half, poofing it. Meanwhile, Steven is fighting the Hallway Mutant with his shield and manages to push it back. Connie then jumps off Steven's shield and slices the Mutant horizontally, poofing it as well. Shortly, Steven bubbles both of the cluster gems and sends them to the temple. He walks up to Connie and the pair smile at each other, before Connie turns to look at Dr. Maheswaran, still in shock of what happened.
Trans. Ext. Hospital.
Steven, Connie and Dr. Maheswaran leaves the hospital to the car park, while Dr. Maheswaran is contemplating the situation.
Dr. Maheswaran says: "So that's why it had no pulse..."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Gem experiments..."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "This is what you've been doing?"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Training to fight these..."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "things?"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "*almost walks into Lion* Gaah!"
Steven says: "Sorry, Dr."
Steven says: "Maheswaran, that's my lion."
Connie gives the sword back to Steven and walks to Dr. Maheswaran, shivering at the sight of Lion.
Connie says: "Mom..."
Connie says: "I'm really sorry about lying to you."
Connie says: "It started off as a tiny secret, and then I felt like if I didn't hide it, you wouldn't let me see Steven ever again..."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Is that how you feel?"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Are we too controlling?"
Connie says: "..."
Connie says: "Maybe."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "I just wanted to be a good mother."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "I- I just wanted to protect you."
Connie says: "I can protect myself now!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "*sighs deeply* Okay."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "We'll pull back on the rules, and I'll try to keep an open mind about this."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "*points to Connie* And that."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "*points to Lion* And..."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "him."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "It scares me that you can't talk to me!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "I need to know what's happening in your life."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "I need to step in when you're in over your head."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Will you just promise me you'll stop all this lying?"
Connie says: "That's a rule."
Connie and Dr. Maheswaran hug each other.
Dr. Maheswaran says: "I love you, honey."
Connie says: "I love you too, mom."
As Steven watches on, he looks down at his mother's symbol on the scabbard and hugs the sword tightly. The star iris then closes on Connie and Dr. Maheswaran, ending the episode.
END.