Open Int. Beach House.
Following the events in "A Single Pale Rose", Steven and Pearl explain the latest revelation to Amethyst and Garnet.
Amethyst says: "Let me get this straight."
Amethyst says: "Rose Quartz, leader of the Crystal Gems, Steven's mom, was actually Pink Diamond?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Steven says: "She faked her own shattering, and reformed to be Rose all the time."
Pearl says: "Pink Diamond's final command to me was that no one could know."
Pearl says: "But now that Steven does, I can finally tell you all everything!"
Amethyst says: "Phew!"
Amethyst says: "I mean, a pink lion, a pink sword, and now Pink Diamond?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Amethyst says: "Huh, if you told me Rose invented cotton candy, I'd believe it."
Amethyst says: "Right, Garnet?"
Amethyst says: "Uh, Garnet?"
Garnet is seen shaking in her seat, as she slowly gets up and walks towards the Warp Pad.
Garnet says: "Rose..."
Garnet says: "She..."
Garnet says: "She..."
Garnet says: "!"
Garnet says: "Ughh..."
Garnet says: "Ahh..."
Garnet says: "!"
Garnet struggles to stay together as a single tear drips from her eye, but unfuses back into Ruby and Sapphire.
Sapphire says: "She lied to us!"
Sapphire says: "She lied about everything!"
Sapphire says: "*freezes the floor in her fury* She held our hands, looked at us right in the eyes, and told us to never question who we are as Garnet."
Sapphire says: "We never questioned ourselves, or her!"
Ruby says: "We couldn't have known!"
Sapphire says: "No, you couldn't have known."
Sapphire says: "You never know what's going on."
Sapphire says: "That's what I'm for!"
Ruby says: "Sapphire..."
Sapphire says: "But I never looked into her, I trusted her..."
Sapphire says: "I let her make fools of us all!"
Ruby says: "Sapphire, wait!"
Steven says: "Guys!"
Steven tries to run after the pair, but slips and falls on the ice Sapphire caused.
Ruby says: "Please..."
Ruby says: "We can just stay calm a-and talk about this, right?"
Ruby says: "Let's just..."
Ruby says: "talk."
Sapphire says: "Talk about what?"
Sapphire says: "How our relationship is based on a lie?"
Sapphire says: "What else is there to say..."
Sapphire warps away and Ruby drops to her knees.
Pearl says: "Ruby, I am so sorry..."
Steven says: "Come on, Pearl."
Steven says: "Help me explain everything to Sapphire."
Pearl says: "Right."
Steven says: "Sit tight, Ruby."
Steven says: "We'll go and get Sapphire."
Ruby says: "Okay..."
Steven and Pearl warp away after Sapphire, as Ruby starts weeping in immerse sadness.
Trans. Rose's Fountain.
Steven and Pearl arrive at Rose's sanctuary, where it is now frozen over and snowing.
Pearl says: "Maybe she's here."
Steven then spots Sapphire slumped over Rose's fountain.
Steven says: "Sapphire!"
Steven and Pearl run up to Sapphire, but she strikes a blast of ice at them to halt their path.
Sapphire says: "Everything we were running from, she was right there all along..."
Sapphire says: "Using us for her..."
Sapphire says: "little war..."
Sapphire says: "?"
Sapphire says: "Smiling at us with those..."
Sapphire says: "knowing eyes..."
Sapphire says: "?"
Sapphire says: "Making me believe in a better future that I couldn't see, because it wasn't real."
Sapphire says: "And now here we are, our friends, shattered!"
Sapphire says: "..."
Sapphire says: "And corrupted!"
Sapphire says: "..."
Sapphire says: "Of course she was a Diamond."
Sapphire says: "What a long road she took, to torture us all like this..."
Steven says: "It wasn't like that!"
Steven says: "You know she didn't want anyone to get hurt."
Sapphire says: "I don't know that!"
Sapphire says: "I clearly..."
Sapphire says: "don't know anything..."
Sapphire says: "!"
Pearl says: "You deserve to know everything."
Pearl says: "I was given to Pink Diamond a few thousand years before she was given the Earth."
Pearl says: "I was supposed to make her happy, I just..."
Pearl says: "never could..."
Pearl begins recounting her time with Pink Diamond, cuing a flashback.
Trans. Int. Moon Base Flashback.
Pink Diamond sits in her chair, browsing through various Gem locations on Earth on the control panel, while Pearl stands next to her, glancing up at Pink Diamond. In her boredom, Pink Diamond returns the glance. Pearl quickly looks back forward, as does Pink Diamond.
Pink Diamond says: "Could you imagine that running a colony would be this dull?"
Pearl says: "I could imagine it, if you would like me to, my Diamond."
Pink Diamond says: "*sighs* Show me the status of the Prime Kindergarten."
Pearl says: "Yes, my Diamond."
Pearl places her hand on the control panel and projects a hologram of Earth with her gem.
Pearl says: "The first Quartz soldiers are due to emerge soon."
Pink Diamond says: "*gasps excitedly* Finally, something exciting!"
Pink Diamond jumps down into the observation room of the base, while Pearl calmly walks down the stairs.
Pink Diamond says: "Hurry, we've got to see this!"
Pink Diamond says: "Quickly, turn it on."
Pearl says: "Yes, my Diamond."
Pearl activates the orb in the room, and the Prime Kindergarten is projected all around in the room.
Pink Diamond says: "Look at this, Pearl!"
Pink Diamond says: "We're creating life from nothing!"
Pink Diamond watches an Amethyst emerge from the wall of the Kindergarten.
Pink Diamond says: "Welcome to Earth!"
The Amethyst, being a hologram, walks through Pink Diamond and over to some other Amethysts, and began talking to them.
Pink Diamond says: "*sighs* I wish I could just be there..."
Pearl says: "I'll have us warped in the Kindergarten at once, my Diamond."
Pink Diamond says: "W-What?"
Pink Diamond says: "N-No, no, if I went down to the Kindergarten I would never hear the end of it from Yellow and Blue."
Pink Diamond says: "Oh, but could you imagine?"
Pink Diamond says: "Me, down there, laughing and playing with the Amethysts?"
Pearl says: "Of course I can, my Diamond."
Pearl projects a hologram of Pink Diamond laughing with the Amethysts.
Pearl says: "You look so happy."
Pink Diamond says: "I won't be so happy when Blue and Yellow find out."
Pearl says: "They won't find out."
Pink Diamond says: "How's that?"
Pearl says: "Because..."
Pearl says: "You look just like a Quartz."
The hologram Pink Diamond shapeshifts into a Rose Quartz.
Pearl says: "You changed your shape for a day!"
Pink Diamond says: "That's brilliant, Pearl!"
Pearl dispelles her projection and looked up at Pink Diamond, to find that she had seemingly disappeared.
Pink Diamond says: "Hehe, down here!"
Pearl looks down and finds that Pink Diamond had shapeshifted herself into a Rose Quartz.
Trans. Int. Prime Kindergarten Flashback.
Rose and Pearl warp to the Prime Kindergarten, which looks very lively with several active Injectors and many Amethysts walking around.
Rose says: "Pearl, look!"
Rose says: "This is..."
Rose says: "incredible!"
Rose says: "We have to go down there and check it out."
Pearl says: "Wah!"
Rose grabs Pearl and floats down to the ground of the Kindergarten.
Amethyst 1.
Outta my way!
Rose says: "Wha- Ugh!"
Rose gets shoved by an Amethyst as she runs past, causing her to fall over onto the ground.
Pearl says: "Oh no!"
Pearl says: "I'm so sorry, these Amethyst guards can be so rude!"
Rose says: "But Pearl, don't you see what's happening?"
Pearl says: "Huh?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Rose says: "We're actually here!"
Rose says: "And I am fitting right in!"
Rose says: "None of that dumb salute- Thank you so much for talking me into this, I couldn't have done this on my own."
Pearl says: "Uhh..."
Rose says: "Gah- Shhh..."
Rose says: "Pearl, you're gonna get us in trouble."
Pearl says: "Sorry, my..."
Pearl says: "Quartz."
Rose giggles and leads Pearl off. They walk up to a group of Amethysts standing by the canyon wall.
Rose says: "Hey..."
Rose says: "fellow Amethyst guards!"
Rose says: "What are we all up to?"
Amethyst 2.
There's two more from our unit that haven't emerged yet, so we're gonna wait for them. Here comes one of them.
An Amethyst bursts out from the wall and lands on the ground, groaning in disorientation. Rose walks up to her and clutches her shoulders.
Rose says: "Oh, wow, look at you."
Rose says: "Welcome to Earth!"
Amethyst 3.
That is the first and... nicest thing anyone has ever said to me.
Amethyst 4.
Amethyst 5.
But 8XM hasn't emerged yet.
Amethyst 4.
She can catch up with us later. Go, go, go!
Rose says: "Hup!"
Rose says: "Hup!"
Rose says: "Hup!"
The Amethysts ran off and Rose started to follow them, but Pearl quickly halted her.
Pearl says: "My Diamond?"
Pearl says: "Please?"
Pearl says: "Let's not draw any more attention to ourselves than we already have."
Rose says: "Ugh you're right."
Rose says: "But things were getting really fun."
Pearl says: "What if, we took some time to explore some of Earth's other features?"
Rose says: "Pearl!"
Rose says: "You're so smart."
Trans. Rose's Fountain.
The flashback pauses briefly, returning to Steven, Sapphire and Pearl.
Steven says: "So it was all, just so she could get out and have some fun?"
Pearl says: "Well, that's how it started..."
Trans. Ext. Prime Kindergarten Flashback.
The flashback continues; Rose and Pearl exit the Prime Kindergarten to observe the surroundings of Earth.
Rose says: "So..."
Rose says: "This..."
Rose says: "is Earth."
Pearl says: "And this is just a small portion of the resources available for making Gems on this planet."
Rose says: "I have to see it all."
A montage begins as Rose and Pearl explore Earth together. They walk through a field of flowers, chase a butterfly, and watch a fish in a river. The pair then see a group of humans collecting water from the river, when Rose comes to a horrific realization. The sky begins to grow dark, the pair return back to the Kindergarten, with Rose looking uneasy.
Pearl says: "Is everything alright, my Diamond?"
Pearl says: "You seem troubled."
Rose says: "All this life that's been growing wild here on Earth..."
Rose says: "None of it..."
Rose says: "will survive my invasion."
Rose says: "We're not creating life from nothing."
Rose says: "We're taking life, and leaving nothing behind."
Flashes of lightning strike as thunder is heard, and it begins to rain.
Pearl says: "Forgive me, my Diamond."
Pearl says: "I shouldn't have brought you to such a place."
Rose says: "No."
Rose says: "I needed to see this."
Rose gazes at the Kindergarten, now looking dark and ominous.
Trans. Rose's Fountain.
The flashback pauses again, returning to Steven, Sapphire and Pearl.
Steven says: "So she did want to protect Earth."
Steven says: "She didn't realize what the colony was doing to the planet."
Sapphire says: "So what?!"
Sapphire says: "!"
Sapphire says: "She suddenly started to care about Earth?"
Sapphire says: "Why did she have to rope us into all this?"
Sapphire says: "Why couldn't she just stop the colonization herself?"
Pearl says: "She tried."
Trans. Int. Moon Base Flashback.
A flashback montage is shown of Pink Diamond pleading to Blue and Yellow Diamond, only to be shut down by them.
Pearl voiceover.
When she told the other Diamonds she didn't want to go through with the colony, they told her to finish what she started. When she told the other Diamonds she wanted to preserve life on Earth, they created the zoo and threw a handful of humans in. She did everything she could as Pink Diamond. But her status meant nothing to Blue and Yellow. So she decided to make a stand, as someone they couldn't ignore.
In her fury, Pink Diamond shapeshifts into Rose Quartz.
Trans. Int. Ancient Sky Arena Flashback.
Pearl says: "She was going to scare every Gem off the planet."
Pearl says: "But everything changed when she saw..."
Pearl says: "your fusion."
Rose and Pearl saw the newly-fused Garnet for the first time, but quickly fled before the Homeworld Gems could catch them.
Trans. Int. Forest Flashback.
Rose begins musing over Garnet's fusion as she and Pearl trod through a forest.
Rose says: "I still can't believe it."
Rose says: "Only on Earth, don't you think?"
Rose says: "Only on Earth where anything can happen."
Rose says: "A fusion of two completely different Gems!"
Rose says: "Can all Gems do that?"
Rose says: "How have I never heard of this?!"
Rose says: "!"
Rose says: "I've only ever heard that it's unheard of."
Pearl suddenly lifts Rose above her by her feet.
Pearl says: "Fusion..."
Pearl says: "Activate!"
Pearl quickly loses balance, and she and Rose collapse onto the ground.
Pearl says: "Oh!"
Pearl says: "I thought- If a Ruby and a Sapphire- But you're a Diamond- Forgive me!"
Pearl says: "What am I doing?"
Pearl says: "I..."
Pearl says: "I need to be replaced immediately!"
Rose says: "No!"
Pearl begins blushing madly, while Rose gazes at her in awe.
Pearl says: "But I've been..."
Pearl says: "imagining things, even when you haven't asked me to."
Pearl says: "I imagined that I ran away and met you here on Earth, a Rose Quartz."
Pearl says: "And I'm not yours, but, I make you so happy anyway!"
Pearl says: "Isn't that ridiculous?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Pearl says: "Tell me to stop!"
Rose says: "*grabs Pearl's shoulders excitedly* Please don't ever stop!"
Pearl and Rose suddenly fuse into Rainbow Quartz, but she quickly brakes apart, and the pair collapse onto the ground again.
Pearl says: "This is very not allowed."
Rose says: "*gasps* That fusion!"
Rose says: "We never should've left her there with Blue!"
Just then, a rustling is heard in some bushes nearby. Pearl, with a sword in hand, cautiously searches through the bushes and finds Garnet, having fallen down a hill.
Garnet says: "Ouch..."
Garnet says: "Ah!"
Garnet flinches at the sight of Pearl, as Rose walks towards them through the bushes.
Garnet says: "We didn't mean to fuse!"
Garnet says: "Well..."
Garnet says: "well, we did this time."
Garnet says: "We'll unfuse!"
Garnet says: "We, we'll..."
Rose says: "No, no, please..."
Rose says: "I'm glad to see you again."
Trans. Rose's Fountain.
The flashback concludes, as it stops snowing and the ice around the sanctuary begins to thaw.
Pearl says: "Before Garnet, Rose was only fighting for Earth."
Pearl says: "But Garnet changed everything."
Pearl says: "Rose wanted to fight for her, she wanted to fight for Gems!"
Pearl says: "And maybe she was foolish, and maybe even..."
Pearl says: "selfish!"
Sapphire says: "Following us."
Pearl says: "What?"
Sapphire says: "This whole time, we thought we were following her, but she was following us."
Sapphire says: "How could she not after you swept her off her feet?"
Pearl says: "W-What?"
Pearl says: "Me?"
Steven says: "Are you kidding?"
Steven says: "You took her on this whirlwind tour of Earth and then she wanted to live here with you forever!"
Pearl begins blushing madly.
Sapphire says: "That's just how I felt when I came here with..."
Sapphire says: "*gasps* Ruby!"
Sapphire says: "Oh no!"
Sapphire says: "We have to get back right away!"
Trans. Int. Beach House.
The group warps back to the dark-looking beach house.
Sapphire says: "Ruby!"
Sapphire says: "I'm so sorry!"
Sapphire says: "Where..."
Sapphire says: "?"
Sapphire says: "Huh?"
Sapphire then sees a note on the floor with "Sapphire" written on it.
Sapphire says: "Oh no..."
END.