Open Int. Beach House.
Steven and the Gems are discussing the previous events in "Mirror Gem".
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "I'm grounded?"
Pearl says: "*folds her arms* Yes, you're grounded!"
Garnet says: "You disobeyed an order."
Amethyst says: "And now we're gonna bury you 'til you've learned your lesson."
Steven says: "*panics* Aah!"
Steven says: "That's not how grounding works!"
The door of the house suddenly opens. The Crystal Gems turn to look and see Greg standing at the doorway, panting heavily.
Steven says: "Dad?"
Greg says: "*breathes heavily* Uh, you guys better come check this out."
Trans. Ext. Beach House.
Mayor Dewey says: "W-w-wha?"
The citizens of Beach City are gathered behind Mayor Dewey and murmuring worriedly.
Beach City Citizens says: "*murmurs* Wait."
Beach City Citizens says: "What the..."
Beach City Citizens says: "Where did it go?"
Beach City Citizens says: "Whoa!"
Ronaldo takes a picture with his phone as the camera zooms out, revealing that the entire ocean is gone, leaving various boats and ships stranding on the now-deserted ocean floor.
Steven says: "The ocean!"
Mayor Dewey says: "*yells into a megaphone* Hey, it's those magical ladies!"
Mayor Dewey says: "*yells at Garnet* What's going on here?!"
Mayor Dewey says: "!"
Garnet says: "The ocean is gone, obviously."
Mayor Dewey says: "That's right."
Mayor Dewey says: "Now it's just a desert."
Mayor Dewey says: "No one wants to take a vacation to..."
Mayor Dewey says: "Desert City!"
Mayor Dewey says: "Aww, we're gonna lose all our summer business!"
Lars says: "And all the beach babes!"
Lars says: "Awwww!"
Mr. Fryman says: "Who's gonna buy my fries?"
Mr. Pizza says: "And my pizza!"
Mr. Smiley says: "Who's gonna have fun at Funland?"
Mayor Dewey says: "As mayor, I DEMAND you explain this immediate-!"
Garnet slaps the megaphone out of the Mayor's hand.
Garnet says: "It was Lapis Lazuli."
Steven says: "Lapis Lazuli?"
Pearl says: "She's the Gem you released from the mirror."
Beach City Citizens says: "*murmurs* That's incredible."
Beach City Citizens says: "How did you do that?"
Steven says: "But she's a Gem, just like us."
Pearl says: "There's a lot you don't know about Gems, Steven."
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Steven is packing his Cheeseburger Backpack as the Gems are discussing in the kitchen.
Pearl says: "How could I have known the Gem contained in that mirror would be so powerful?"
Steven finishes his packing and walks towards the door, passing by Greg and Connie in the house.
Connie says: "Where are you going, Steven?"
Steven says: "I'm leaving to fix what I did to our home."
Steven says: "I was the one who set Lapis free from the mirror."
Steven says: "Now it's my fault the ocean's gone."
Steven says: "I'm gonna bring the ocean back or get really thirsty trying."
Greg says: "Wait up, kiddo."
Greg says: "*places his hand on Steven's shoulder* I'm coming with you."
Connie says: "I want to help, too."
Connie says: "*places her hand on Steven's other shoulder* Also, I feel weird being in your house if you're not here."
Lion then appears from behind, placing his paw on Steven's head, and growls in agreement, which surprises Greg.
Pearl says: "*clears throat* Clearly, we're coming too."
Garnet says: "You're un-grounded, by the way."
Amethyst says: "*jumps on the kitchen counter* WHOO-HOO!!"
Amethyst says: "Road trip!"
Trans. Ext. Beach House.
The group then heads off into the deserted ocean, with the Gems riding in Greg's Van, and Steven and Connie riding on Lion's back, while an unshaven and distressed Mayor Dewey cries and sprays water on the sand with a hose.
Trans. Int. Greg's Van.
Greg says: "How about some tunes?"
Greg says: "This was one of Rose's favorites."
Greg inserts a CD into the music player and loud rock music begins to play. Amethyst chuckles while Pearl chuckles uncomfortably.
Greg says: "So what do you think, Garnet?"
Garnet glares uncomfortably, before kicking the van door open and jumping out of the van, rolling on the ground.
Time Skip—Night Time.
The group is still travelling through the deserted ocean, passing even through the abyssal zone of the ocean. Garnet is now lying on the top of the van while Pearl takes the driver seat, with Greg and Amethyst sleeping and snoring in the back of the van. Steven is still awake, riding on Lion, and Connie is fast asleep on Steven's back, with her arms wrapped around him.
Steven says: "I can't believe Lapis would do this."
Steven says: "Gems shouldn't fight each other."
Pearl says: "We're always fighting Gems, actually."
Steven says: "*gasps* What?!"
Steven says: "!"
Pearl says: "Oh, how do I put this?"
Pearl says: "All Gems aren't necessarily..."
Pearl says: "good."
Amethyst says: "*suddenly leans forward* All those monster we fight used to be just like us!"
Amethyst says: "*to Pearl* Right, Pearl?"
Pearl says: "Yes."
Pearl says: "But they've become corrupted and broken."
Pearl says: "*flashbacks to various Gem Monster encounters in the past* We have to take care of them, subdue them, contain them."
Pearl says: "It's the best we can do for them, for now."
Pearl says: "If we don't, then..."
Trans. Ext. Lapis' Tower.
The group eventually arrive at a giant glowing blue structure standing before them.
Connie says: "That's some..."
Connie says: "magical destiny stuff right there."
Greg says: "Guys..."
Greg says: "I just had the best idea for an album cover."
The group approaches the structure, revealing to be a massive tower made entirely out of the ocean.
Garnet says: "This is it."
Garnet says: "Lapis Lazuli is here."
Pearl says: "I don't understand."
Pearl says: "What does she want with the ocean?"
Connie says: "Whoa."
Connie says: "Look at all this."
Connie says: "*sees various fishes inside the water tower* It's- it's just like a giant aquarium."
Lapis says: "You shouldn't be here!"
Garnet says: "She sensed us."
Steven says: "LAPIS LAZULI!"
Steven says: "IT'S ME, STEVEN!!"
The water sloshes from the tower, as Lapis Lazuli's face is formed on its wall.
Lapis says: "Go away!"
Lapis says: "Before I make you."
Steven says: "But we're beach-summer-fun buddies!"
Lapis says: "*forms Steven's face from the water and screams in Steven's voice* NOOOOO!!!"
Lapis says: "*forms her own face again* You're one of them."
Lapis says: "One of the Crystal Gems."
Amethyst and Pearl growl angrily.
Garnet says: "*puts a hand on Amethyst and Pearl's shoulders* Easy."
Steven says: "What do you mean?"
Steven says: "We're all Gems, right?"
Steven says: "Just let us help you."
Lapis says: "You don't understand."
Lapis says: "Just leave me alone..."
Steven says: "We're not leaving, Lapis."
Steven says: "Not until you give us back our ocean!"
Steven says: "-- Aah!"
Steven starts patting on the wall of the water tower, when an arm extends from it and grabs Steven by his shirt.
Lapis says: "I SAID..."
Lapis says: "LEAVE ME ALONE!"
A Water Clone of Steven then emerges from the water tower and knocks him away with a water-arm attack.
Steven says: "Ah!"
Garnet catches Steven as he is flung towards her. Water clones of the Gems then emerge from the water towel too.
Pearl says: "Greg, kids, you stay behind us."
Pearl says: "We'll handle this."
Greg says: "Sounds good to me!"
Greg hides behind a rock, and Steven, Connie and Lion retreat behind the Gems. The Gems and their water clones proceed to summon their weapons and prepare for battle.
Amethyst says: "Ruh-oh."
Garnet says: "Stand together."
Garnet says: "Don't let them separate us."
Steven says: "Garnet!"
Garnet is sent flying backwards into the ground. She quickly gets up as Water Garnet proceeds, cracking her neck twice, and engages in a fist fight with Water Garnet. Their attacks parry one another, till Garnet finds an opening and punches Water Garnet in the head, splattering it. The head quickly reforms though, and Water Garnet punches Garnet into a rock.
As Garnet leaps away from the rock, Amethyst uses her whip to grab the rock and sling them at Water Amethyst, who effortlessly dodges it. She keeps slinging nearby rocks at the water clone, who continuously dodges them by bending out of shape.
Amethyst says: "Aw, come on!"
Amethyst says: "Aah!"
Amethyst says: "*screams and groans* Well, as long as we're playing fair..."
Meanwhile, Pearl spars off with her water clone. She then manages to slice Water Peal in half. The two halves however quickly reforms into two Water Pearls.
Pearl says: "*sighs* I hate fighting me."
Lion engages against Water Steven, emitting several magical roars at it, but it effortlessly slitter out of the way every time.
Connie says: "Come on, Lion!"
Steven says: "You can take me!"
Lion is then knocked back by Water Steven, slamming into Greg's van.
Greg says: "Oh no, not the van!"
Steven says: "Revenge!"
Connie says: "Revenge!"
Steven and Connie yells and charges towards Water Steven. Steven shoots a water gun  while Connie hurls a small rock at the clone. Water Steven then extends its water arms and entraps Steven and Connie's heads in water bubbles, in an attempt to drown them.
Greg says: "Kids!"
A struggling Steven can see Connie quickly losing her breath, when Greg rams Water Steven over with his van. Steven and Connie are freed as they cough and gasp for air.
Steven says: "Connie!"
Greg says: "Is this a NORMAL magical mission for you?"
Greg says: "'Cause I'm not so sure how comfortable I am with you going on these any- mooooooorrre..."
Greg says: "!"
Greg's van is then blasted upwards and away by Water Steven underneath, along with Greg inside the van.
Steven says: "Dad!"
The van crashes a distance, and Greg crawls out of it, coughing and groaning.
Steven says: "Dad!"
Steven says: "Dad!"
Steven says: "Are you okay?"
Greg says: "*groans* Ugh, I think my leg's broken."
Greg says: "See, this is why we wear seatbelts, kids."
Steven says: "*glares at Water Steven* Lapis, I don't want to fight anymore."
Water Steven creates and hurls a water ball at Steven.
Steven says: "I said, I DON'T WANNA FIGHT!!!"
Steven then successfully summons his shield and blocks the attack. The impact causes a massive sound wave, resulting all the water clones to dispel in the reverberation.
Amethyst says: "Huh?"
Amethyst says: "Mm."
Steven dispels his shield and walks towards the water tower.
Connie says: "Steven?"
Steven says: "Lapis, I'm coming up to see you."
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "So please don't drown me."
Connie says: "Wait, Steven!"
Steven holds his breath and jumps into the water towel. Lapis then makes a water hand inside and lifts Steven to the top of the tower.
Trans. Atop Lapis' Tower.
Steven ascends the water tower to the outer atmosphere of Earth. When he arrives at the top, Lapis keeps him encased in a water bubble, leaving only his head free.
Steven says: "Lapis?"
Lapis says: "What are you doing here, Steven?"
Steven says: "What?"
Steven says: "I- No!"
Steven says: "What are you doing here?"
Steven says: "This thing, the ocean, this is CRAZY!!"
Steven says: "Can't we work this out?"
Steven says: "We Gems should be friends."
Steven says: "Whoa!"
Lapis says: "*pulls Steven forward* Don't you know anything, Steven?"
Lapis says: "Your friends, they don't really care about other Gems."
Lapis says: "All they care about is the Earth."
Lapis says: "But I never believed in this place..."
Steven says: "Wha..."
Steven says: "?"
Lapis says: "I just..."
Lapis says: "want to go home..."
Steven says: "I know how important home can be."
Steven says: "But that's why I'm here."
Steven says: "You took the ocean away, and the ocean is an important part of my home."
Lapis says: "I'm only using the ocean because my gem is cracked."
Lapis says: "If I just stretch it far enough..."
Lapis says: "*sighs* This is never going to work."
Steven says: "*sees Lapis's cracked gem on her back and gasps* I can fix your gem."
Steven says: "I have healing powers."
Lapis says: "Wait, you have healing powers?"
Steven says: "I know, right?"
Lapis says: "Oh, what should I..."
Steven says: "Oh, uh, sorry."
Steven says: "This might be a little weird."
Lapis says: "What?"
Steven licks his hand, covering it in saliva, and pats it on Lapis' gem, causing her to shudder. A brief moment passes, and Lapis' gem begins to glow. A pair of water-wings sprout from her back and her eyes return back to normal.
Lapis says: "Thank you, Steven!"
Steven says: "No prob, Bob."
Lapis says: "..."
Lapis says: "It's Lapis."
Steven says: "*awkwardly* Yeah."
Lapis says: "Okay."
Lapis says: "Bye."
Steven watches Lapis flying off, when the water tower starts to rumble. Being freed of Lapis' control, the water tower starts to crumble and collapse.
Trans. Ext. Lapis' Tower.
The Gems, Greg, Connie and Lion watch as the water tower collapse around them.
Garnet says: "The whole tower's coming down!"
Greg says: "What about Steven?!"
Greg says: "!"
Lion and Connie look and nod at each other.
Trans. Int. Lapis' Tower.
Steven begins to fall alongside with the crumbling water tower.
Steven says: "Aaaaahh!"
Steven says: "Whoooaaa-aaaah!!!"
Connie and Lion then emerge from a portal beside Steven.
Connie says: "Grab my hand!"
Steven tries to reach for Connie's hand. After much effort, their hands finally meet.
Connie says: "Gotcha!"
Trans. Ext. Lapis' Tower.
Steven, Connie, and Lion emerges back on safe ground through another portal.
Greg says: "Steven!"
The water tower collapses all around on the group, seemingly burying them.
Trans. Beach.
Mayor Dewey says: "*still crying and spraying water onto the sand*..."
Mayor Dewey says: "Huh?"
The ocean begins to flow back to Beach City, restoring to its former self.
Lars says: "Yes!"
Lars says: "Babe city, here we com- Whoa!"
Sadie pushes Lars into the water in annoyance. Greg's damaged van then emerges from the sea, encased in Steven's bubble shield. Steven then dispels it once they reach dry land.
Amethyst says: "That's how you do it!"
The group begins laughing in rejoice, when Greg's van falls apart even more.
Pearl says: "*looks at a distressed Greg and chuckles* Well, what's that thing you always say about the pork chops and the hot dogs?"
Connie says: "Look!"
The citizens of Beach City all run towards the group cheering and laughing. Mayor Dewey tackles Steven and embraces him, as the citizens cheers him on. Connie laughs in joy and Amethyst hugs Lion. Greg is crying in front of his broken van and Yellowtail hands him a handkerchief to comfort him.
Garnet says: "*to Pearl* So, Lapis made it off planet."
Pearl says: "What does this mean for us?"
Garnet says: "We wait and see."
The citizens continue cheering, carrying Steven and Connie above them.
Steven says: "*looks up to the sky* See you, Lapis."
The star iris begin zooming in on a single distant star.
Steven says: "Wherever you are..."
END.