Open Int. Homeworld Caverns.
Following the events in "The Trial", after escaping in Blue Diamond's palanquin, Steven and Lars crash-landed in the dark caverns down below. The two of them slowly emerge from the broken wreckage of the palanquin.
Steven says: "Lars!"
Steven says: "Are you okay?"
Lars says: "Thanks to your bubble."
Lars says: "*groans* My bones are only a little broken."
Steven says: "*chuckles* My bones too."
Lars says: "*grabs Steven's hand and gets up* Dude, those giant ladies were furious with you!"
Steven says: "They're the Diamonds."
Steven says: "They've been after my mom for 6,000 years, and now they're after me!"
Steven says: "Come on, we gotta move."
Steven and Lars get out from the broken palanquin and begin running into the dark and desolate underground of Homeworld.
Lars says: "How are we supposed to get off this planet?"
Lars says: "Do you even know where you're going?"
Steven says: "No, this is my first time here too."
Lars says: "Oh, this is so messed up."
Lars says: "What are we gonna eat?"
Steven says: "There's tons of food if you like rocks for dinner."
Lars says: "Salt is a rock, right?"
Lars says: "Maybe we could season some dirt and make a meal."
Steven says: "Wait!"
Steven cups his ears to listen out for the noise again, when Lars' stomach starts grumbling.
Lars says: "Ughhh, sorry."
Just then, a Shattering Robonoid comes in behind Steven and Lars.
Steven says: "Aghh!"
Lars says: "Aghh!"
Steven says: "They found us!"
Steven says: "Run!"
Lars says: "Wait!"
Lars says: "If we stand perfectly still it won't see us."
Lars says: "I saw it in a movie once!"
The Robonoid beams a red light at Steven and Lars and begins scanning them both, when it detects Steven's gemstone underneath his shirt.
Lars says: "That sounds good."
The Robonoid then begins charging an energy beam.
Steven says: "We should probably move!"
Steven says: "Aghh!"
Lars says: "Aghh!"
Steven quickly pushes Lars out of the way when the Robonoid fires its energy beam, causing a head of a Gem statue behind them to explode.
Lars says: "I think that movie..."
Lars says: "was about dinosaurs."
After missing, the Robonoid quickly turns its attention onto Steven again.
Steven says: "Lars, come on!"
Lars says: "Woah!!"
Steven drags Lars along, and they both run around a corner, while the Robonoid gives chase and scans its surrounding.
Lars says: "What are we gonna do!"
Lars says: "?"
Lars says: "What's gonna happen!"
Lars says: "?"
Steven says: "We're gonna run, and we're gonna be okay!"
Lars says: "No!"
Steven and Lars stop running and seek refuge underneath a Gem structure.
Lars says: "You just don't get it."
Lars says: "I hate being scared all the time!"
Lars says: "I was scared of everything except baking."
Lars says: "Actually, I was scared of that too."
Lars says: "I never even tried baking baklava because it looked so hard!"
Lars says: "I never had the guts to stick up for anybody."
Lars says: "Not even me!"
Lars says: "And now I'm hiding again like a big, cowardly loser under some..."
Lars says: "space building!"
Steven says: "Don't beat yourself up like that, Lars."
Steven says: "That's what the killer robots are for."
Quickly! Down here!
Steven and Lars, startled by the sudden voice, turn around and spots a hand pointing out of a hole in the ground, beckoning them over.
Lars says: "Steven?"
Lars says: "What if it's a trap?"
Steven says: "Uhh..."
Steven says: "I don't think we have a choice!"
Just then, the Robonoid catches up, and Steven and Lars quickly jump down the hole before it can scan them. A rock covers up the hole, and a shivering Steven and Lars sigh in relief.
Lars says: "Close one, huh?"
Steven says: "Ha, yeah."
Steven says: "But, who..."
Steven says: "?"
Don't worry!
A shadowy figure approaches Steven and Lars.
Lars says: "Thank you!"
Lars says: "Whoever..."
Lars says: "you..."
The gemstone of the figure begins to glow, revealing a pair of twin Gems, conjoined at the waist. Lars screams at the sight of the Gems, and the Gems flinch in response.
Steven says: "It's okay, Lars."
Steven says: "Thank you for saving us."
Twin Gems says: "*inches close and inspect Steven and Lars* How bizarre!"
Twin Gems says: "What are they?"
Twin Gems says: "They certainly don't look like Gems we've ever seen before."
The twin Gems gasp as the sound of the Robonoid looms overhead.
Twin Gems says: "Come, this way."
Twin Gems says: "This way, come!"
The twin Gems begins walking ahead into the cavern and Steven follows, when Lars halts him.
Lars says: "Steven, wait!"
Lars says: "Is this really a good idea?"
Steven says: "They seem..."
Steven says: "different."
Steven says: "I think we can trust them!"
Lars and Steven begins walking through the cavern with the twin Gems as their guide.
Steven says: "Umm..."
Steven says: "Excuse me, but umm..."
Steven says: "Where are you taking us?"
Twin Gems says: "Somewhere..."
Twin Gems says: "long forgotten."
Twin Gems says: "Where only those who don't belong..."
Twin Gems says: "belong."
Lars says: "Heh, sounds like my kind of place."
Lars says: "You don't happen to have any fast-food joints around there, do you?"
Trans. Int. Homeworld Kindergarten.
The group arrives at the end of the cavern, at the edge of a cliff, to a place full of pillars, each full of humanoid-shaped holes.
Steven says: "Whoa..."
Lars says: "What is this place?"
Steven says: "A Kindergarten..."
Steven says: "A really, really big one."
The group enters a tunnel into a room inside a pillar, and the twin Gems whistle loudly.
Twin Gems says: "We're back!"
Twin Gems says: "Here we are!"
Twin Gems says: "It's okay to come out!"
Oh, thank goodness! I hope you weren't followed!
A fusion Gem then emerges from one of the holes inside the pillar.
Fusion Gem says: "You weren't, right, I hope, you double checked!"
Fusion Gem says: "*sees Steven and Lars, and gasps in fright* You've been followed!"
Steven says: "Uh, hi."
Steven says: "*approaches the fusion Gem, and she backs off* Don't worry, I'm not a threat or anything."
Twin Gems says: "It's okay, Rhodonite."
Twin Gems says: "Relax."
Twin Gems says: "We brought them here."
Rhodonite says: "Can we trust them?"
Twin Gems says: "Sure."
Twin Gems says: "I think so."
A Sapphire-like Gem then appears behind Lars, slightly startling him.
"Sapphire" Gem says: "Everyone!"
"Sapphire" Gem says: "A wondrous prediction has come before me!"
"Sapphire" Gem says: "The twins of Rutile will bring one, no..."
"Sapphire" Gem says: "Two..."
"Sapphire" Gem says: "strangers to our current place of hiding!"
Rhodonite says: "We know, Padparadscha, your prediction already happened!"
Rutile Twins says: "They were being chased by one of those terrible Robonoids."
Rhodonite says: "Don't tell me you tried to fight those things."
Rutile Twins says: "No, no, of course not."
Rutile Twins says: "These two were about to be scanned when we pulled them under."
Rutile Twins says: "We were just in time."
Let...me...see.
Lars looks down from behind him, spotting a giant fusion Gem, and screams in fright.
Lars says: "Uhhh..."
The giant fusion Gem approaches Lars, and he runs away, yelling ad hiding behind Steven.
Giant Fusion Gem says: "They..."
Giant Fusion Gem says: "don't..."
Giant Fusion Gem says: "look..."
Giant Fusion Gem says: "like..."
Giant Fusion Gem says: "Gems."
Rutile Twins says: "That's what I said."
Rutile Twins says: "I said the same thing!"
Steven says: "Hi, I'm Steven."
Steven says: "I'm a Gem."
Steven says: "Well, half-Gem."
Steven says: "And this is Lars."
Steven says: "He's all human."
Fluorite says: "That's..."
Fluorite says: "why..."
Fluorite says: "you..."
Fluorite says: "look..."
Fluorite says: "so..."
Fluorite says: "unusual."
Lars says: "We look unusual?!"
Lars says: "!"
Rhodonite says: "Of course you do."
Rhodonite says: "You can't just walk around on the surface like that!"
Rhodonite says: "You're off-color, just like the rest of us."
Steven says: "What do you mean..."
Steven says: ""off-color"?"
Rutile Twins says: "You know, wrong."
Rutile Twins says: "Not..."
Rutile Twins says: "right."
Rutile Twins says: "Flawed."
Steven says: "Wait..."
Steven says: "I don't see anything wrong with you guys."
Giant Fusion Gem says: "Gems..."
Giant Fusion Gem says: "like..."
Giant Fusion Gem says: "us..."
Giant Fusion Gem says: "aren't..."
Giant Fusion Gem says: "needed..."
Giant Fusion Gem says: "Padparadscha..."
Giant Fusion Gem says: "can..."
Giant Fusion Gem says: "only..."
Giant Fusion Gem says: "predict..."
Giant Fusion Gem says: "things..."
Giant Fusion Gem says: "that..."
Giant Fusion Gem says: "just..."
Giant Fusion Gem says: "happened."
Padparadscha says: "Here comes Fluorite!"
Rhodonite says: "And a fusion like me..."
Rhodonite says: "is unforgivable."
Rhodonite says: "When my- our Morganite found out, let's just say..."
Rhodonite says: "we were replaced."
Rhodonite says: "But my story's nothin'!"
Rhodonite says: "I mean, Fluorite, how many Gems are you now?"
Fluorite says: "Six..."
Fluorite says: "Maybe..."
Fluorite says: "more, if..."
Fluorite says: "we..."
Fluorite says: "meet..."
Fluorite says: "the..."
Fluorite says: "right..."
Fluorite says: "Gem."
Rutile Twins says: "And then there's us."
Steven says: "You mean, you're not a fusion?"
Rutile Twins says: "We're..."
Rutile Twins says: "just a Rutile that came out wrong."
Rutile Twins says: "We survived because..."
Rutile Twins says: "all the other Rutiles ran away, when we emerged."
Rutile Twins says: "We survived..."
Rutile Twins says: "because they were afraid of us."
Lars says: "Afraid of you?"
Lars says: "So you've been hiding your whole lives."
Lars says: "What happens if they find you?"
Rutile Twins says: "We'll be..."
Padparadscha says: "Shattered."
Suddenly, the sounds of the Robonoid become noticeable.
Rutile Twins says: "Oh!"
Rutile Twins says: "No!"
Fluorite says: "Oh..."
The red light of a Robonoid's scanning beam illuminates a nearby tunnel.
Rhodonite says: "*panicking* You were followed!"
Rhodonite says: "They're gonna find us!"
Rhodonite says: "They're gonna break us!"
Steven says: "This is our fault!"
Steven says: "If it weren't for us, you would be fine!"
Rutile Twins says: "We couldn't just leave you there."
Rutile Twins says: "We had to do something."
Lars says: "*panicking* Steven, what are we gonna do?!"
Lars says: "!"
Steven says: "Everyone, hide!"
Three Shattering Robonoids pass through the tunnel and into the room. The Off-Colors, Steven and Lars begin scurrying to hide away.
Padparadscha says: "Careful everyone, we're about to be found!"
Fluorite avoids being scanned by a Robonoid by circling around a pillar in the room. Steven and Lars hide in a hole, and Steven summons his shield, while Lars starts hyperventilating.
Steven says: "Lars."
Steven says: "*puts his hand on Lars' chest* It's okay to be afraid."
Lars tears up, stops hyperventilating and looks at Steven in determination.
Lars says: "A-Okay."
Steven and Lars peek out of their hole, just as two Robonoids scan and close in on the Rutile Twins, hiding in a hole, in the middle. Everyone gasps in horror, as Rhodonite covers her, and Padparadscha's, eyes.
Steven says: "Oh no!"
Lars says: "We gotta do something!"
Steven says: "Lars!"
The Rutile Twins cowers in fear as the Robonoids' scanning beams close in on their gemstone, when Lars hurls a rock at one of them, grasping the Robonoids' attention towards him.
Rutile Twins says: "Huh?"
The Robonoids begins scanning Lars as he stands perfectly still.
Steven says: "Lars!"
Lars says: "It's okay to be afraid..."
The Robonoids finish scanning Lars and move on somewhere else. Lars then gasps in relief.
Steven says: "Oh my gosh, Lars!"
Steven says: "They were trying to scan your gem!"
Steven says: "They can't see you!"
Padparadscha says: "*suddenly appears behind Lars* Human Lars!"
Lars says: "Gaaahh!"
Padparadscha says: "I've been possessed with the most marvelous vision!"
Rhodonite uncovers her eyes and realizes Padparadscha has disappeared from her side.
Padparadscha says: "You, human Lars, are gemless, and will be safe from the Robonoids, which only target Gems!"
Just Padparadscha speaks, a Robonoid scans her gemstone and prepares to fire at it, when Lars kicks the Robonoid away. The Robonoid, knocked away, fires its energy beam on the wall of the Kindergarten, causing it to explode. Lars quickly grabs Padparadscha and jumps out of the way, as rubble falls from the explosion.
Lars says: "I think..."
Lars says: "that's the coolest thing I've done in my life."
Steven says: "It's not over yet!"
The other two Robonoids scan again, as Steven holds up his shield. They manage to scan Steven's gem through his shield, and Padparadscha's gem again. All three Robonoids loom ominously about the group, with their cannons primed and ready. At that moment, Lars quickly grabs a rock shard nearby and runs toward the Robonoid, hitting two away, but misses the third one, which evades him and comes after Steven. The Robonoid fires, but Steven deflects the beam off his shield, narrowly missing Lars's head, and hitting one of the Robonoids, causing an explosion which destroys a second Robonoid too.
Padparadscha says: "Oh!"
Padparadscha says: "The shield is reflective!"
Steven lifts Padparadscha out of the way and deflects another beam from the last remaining Robonoid.
Rhodonite says: "*yelling* Padparadscha, come back, hide!"
Rhodonite's yelling draws the attention of the Robonoid and she freezes in fear as it begins scanning. Lars then jumps in the way, blocking Rhodonite's gemstones, and the Robonoid scans him instead.
Lars says: "*gasps and breathes heavily* Okay..."
Lars says: "*picks up the rock shard* Okay..."
Lars says: "OKAY!"
Lars jumps, lands on top of the Robonoid and whacks its sensor with the rock shard. The Robonoid begins firing energy beams wildly in all direction, barely missing everyone while Lars rides on it.
Lars says: "Whoa, whoa..."
Lars says: "*holds the rock shard up high in the air* Eat..."
Lars says: "THIS!"
Lars rams the rock shard right into the Robonoid's sensor, causing it to explode. Lars is then sent flying backwards in the air, hitting his head against a pillar with a cracking sound, and falls onto the ground, laying motionlessly.
Steven says: "Lars!"
Steven says: "*runs over* Lars!"
Steven says: "*turns him over and shakes him* Lars?"
The Off-Colors walk over, cheering on Lars' victory.
Rhodonite says: "I didn't think we were gonna make it!"
Rutile Twins says: "That was amazing!"
Rutile Twins says: "You were amazing!"
Rutile Twins says: "Lars, that was so great!"
Padparadscha says: "We're winning!"
Padparadscha says: "We're winning!"
Steven tries to listen for Lars's heartbeat on his chest and gasps in shock, hearing nothing. Steven bursts into tears and the room grows silent. Steven picks Lars up and holds him close, as he begins to grieve over Lars' sacrifice. Tears runs down his cheek onto Lars' face, and suddenly, Lars's body begins to glow. Everyone watches in shock and surprise as Lars' body turns pink, and he slowly gets up.
Lars says: "Ugh..."
Lars says: "Whoa..."
Lars says: "What happened?"
Padparadscha says: "Oh my, something incredible is going to happen to Lars!"
END.