Open Int. Beach House.
Steven is lying on the couch in the living room, reading a series of novels titled "The No Home Boys".
Steven says: "Woah, how are they gonna get out of this one?"
Steven says: "*turns to the next page* Oh, that's how."
Steven then hears the Gems returning on the Crystal Temple Warp Pad and runs over to greet them.
Steven says: "You're back!"
Steven says: "*notices several Flask Robonoids the Gems are carrying* Hey, it's those things from the Galaxy Warp."
Steven says: "Why'd you bring them home?"
Pearl says: "We can't have them reactivating and fixing the Homeworld Warp."
Amethyst says: "Hey Steven, check this out!"
Amethyst says: "Kabloosh!"
Amethyst crushes the Flask Robonoid in her hands, spilling green goo all around her and startling Pearl, causing her to drop her Flask Robonoids in hand.
Pearl says: "*covered in goo* Amethyst, please!"
Pearl says: "This is serious!"
Pearl says: "We need to understand these things, not squash them."
Pearl says: "If Homeworld Gems are trying to return to Earth..."
Pearl says: "*panics* THEY HAVE TO BE STOPPED!"
Garnet says: "Pearl, calm down."
Garnet says: "We're still cut off."
Garnet says: "The Earth is safe."
Steven says: "Safe from what?"
Steven says: "What do the Homeworld Gems want to do?"
Pearl says: "*exchanges looks with Garnet* Steven, a very long time ago, Gems tried to do something..."
Pearl says: "very bad."
Pearl says: "*looks at Amethyst, who quickly turns away* It was something that would have damaged the Earth."
Pearl says: "Some Gems, like your mother, Garnet, and myself, felt that this was unfair to the life that already existed here, and so we swore to never let the Earth be used for their..."
Pearl says: "purposes."
Amethyst approaches another Flask Robonoid and crushes it underneath her foot in upset.
Pearl says: "*groans* -Even if it meant we could never go home."
Garnet says: "We chose Earth."
Steven says: "Wait a sec, so that means..."
Steven says: "we're just like the No Home Boys!"
Pearl says: "The wha-?"
Steven says: "The No Home Boys!"
Steven says: "It's a book series about these boys who have no home."
Steven says: "So they travel around the country, living in boxcars, and riding river rafts, solving mysteries!"
Steven says: "They had a successful run, until the disastrous graphic novel adaptation."
Steven says: "But my favorite story is this classic one where the no home boys are chased across the countryside by a mysterious pursuer, which turns out to be the very fear resting within themselves."
Pearl says: "Steven, we are not like the No Home Boys."
Pearl says: "We are literally standing in your home right now."
Steven says: "Aw, I wish, I was a No Home Boy."
Steven says: "No past, no future, just the open road!"
Amethyst says: "Yeah, sounds like fun."
Amethyst says: "Let's do it."
Steven says: "Really?!"
Steven says: "!"
Amethyst says: "Yeah."
Amethyst says: "Let's run!"
Steven and Amethyst pack some food in their own bindles on sticks and they begin to sing "On the Run". They leave the house and walk through Beach City, when Jenny, Buck Dewey and Sour Cream offer to give them a ride in Jenny's Car. They drive Steven and Amethyst to the edge of Beach City, and the pair run off into the countryside. They encounter a Raccoon and it joins them on their travel, but then attacks Steven while Amethyst looks on in laughter. They eventually come across a railroad as a train is passing by, and decide to hop aboard a boxcar. Steven and Amethyst continue singing their duet until the sunset, as they watch it from atop the boxcar.
Time skip - Evening.
Steven opens his bindle, preparing to eat his food, when the raccoon from before suddenly jumps in and attacks Steven again, while Amethyst watches.
Steven says: "Aah!"
Steven says: "Aah!"
Steven says: "The raccoon is back!"
Steven says: "Um, Amethyst?"
Steven says: "Can I have some of your food?"
Amethyst says: "*devours all of her food in one go* Oh, uh, sorry dude."
Steven says: "My bindle couldn't fit enough food for me and a raccoon."
Amethyst says: "Why didn't you bring your backpack?"
Steven says: "It wouldn't fit in my bindle?"
Steven says: "*climbs onto a hay stack* Maybe I can just sleep this hunger off..."
Steven says: "Just like the No home Boys."
Steven says: "You know, I feel like I've been misled about hay."
Steven says: "It always looks so soft in those illustrations, but it's actually really scratchy."
Steven says: "Amethyst, I want to go home now."
Steven says: "*sees Amethyst sitting at the boxcar doorway, ignoring him* Amethyst?"
Steven says: "*goes and sits next to her* I'm done pretending to be a No Home Boy."
Amethyst says: "Not me."
Steven says: "I'm sure Garnet and Pearl are worried sick about us."
Steven says: "Wondering when we're coming home."
Amethyst says: "That's not my home."
Steven says: "But—"
Steven says: "Oh, that's right."
Steven says: "You're from Homeworld."
Amethyst says: "*angrily* That's not my home either!"
Steven says: "Then where are you from?"
Amethyst says: "I'll show you."
Trans. Ext. Prime Kindergarten.
Amethyst brings Steven to a foggy, desolate canyon.
Amethyst says: "Here we are!"
Amethyst says: "*chuckles* Welcome to the Kindergarten!"
Amethyst says: "What do you think?"
Steven says: "Uh..."
Steven says: "It's great!"
Amethyst says: "Sure is!"
Amethyst says: "*grabs Steven's arm* Come on!"
Amethyst drags Steven along and they start walking through the Kindergarten. Steven looks up and see several machinery hanging on the walls of the canyon.
Steven says: "What is this place?"
Amethyst says: "It's kinda where I'm from."
Steven says: "But I thought Gems were from space?"
Amethyst says: "Pearl and Garnet are, but I was made here on Earth, like you!"
Amethyst says: "*gasps* Check it out!"
Amethyst says: "*runs to a giant rock and laughs* Oh, man."
Amethyst says: "I missed this guy."
Amethyst says: "Aww!"
Amethyst says: "It's my climbing rock."
Steven says: "*to the climbing rock* Uh, hello!"
Amethyst says: "*points to off-screen rocks* And over there, that's the sitting rock."
Amethyst says: "And that was the one rock that I kicked into two rocks!"
Steven says: "Uh, how long did you live here?"
Amethyst says: "For a while, I guess, um, at least until I met your mom and the others."
Steven says: "*notices one of the machinery on the ground* Woah!"
Steven says: "What is that thing?"
Amethyst says: "Eh, it's just some old Gem junk, from a long time ago."
Amethyst says: "It's probably busted by now."
Amethyst runs off as Steven examines the strange machinery in worry, resting his palm on one of its legs and noticing some drills on the machinery.
Amethyst says: "Hey, Steven!"
Amethyst says: "Look!"
Amethyst says: "*motions to a hole in the canyon wall* Here's the hole I came out of!"
Steven says: "Hang on."
Steven says: "*runs towards the hole* What?"
Amethyst says: "It's my hole."
Amethyst says: "*steps into the hole* Look!"
Amethyst says: "It's me-siiiiiized."
Amethyst says: "*slides into the back of the hole and sits down* Still got that good hole smell."
Steven says: "You came out of this hole?"
Amethyst says: "This is where I was made, dude."
Amethyst says: "One day just, "pop"..."
Amethyst says: "Right outta this hole."
Steven says: "*glances up and notices numerous holes on the canyon wall* So..."
Steven says: "what about the other holes?"
Light suddenly emit from behind Steven as the warping sounds whirs. Pearl then arrives on a warp pad on a platform in the Kindergarten.
Pearl says: "There you are."
Amethyst says: "Great."
Amethyst says: "*exits the hole* Here comes the fun police."
Pearl says: "Garnet said you'd be here, but I didn't want to believe it."
Pearl says: "Amethyst, what were you thinking bringing Steven to a..."
Pearl says: "Kindergarten!"
Pearl says: "?"
Amethyst says: "I don't know."
Amethyst says: "*kicks a nearby pebble* We were in the neighborhood."
Steven says: "Pearl?"
Steven says: "Was Amethyst really made here?"
Pearl says: "How much did you tell him?"
Amethyst says: "What?"
Amethyst says: "You mean about the bad thing?"
Amethyst says: "How this bad place is where bad Gems came to grow more bad Gems?"
Amethyst says: "Is that what you're talking about?"
Steven says: "They grew other Gems here?!"
Steven says: "!"
Pearl says: "Amethyst!"
Pearl says: "He's not ready!"
Amethyst says: "Oh, but don't worry, Steven."
Pearl says: "Amethyst!"
Amethyst says: "It all worked out."
Amethyst says: "We won!"
Pearl says: "Stop."
Pearl says: "Stop!"
Amethyst says: "So the Earth would be safe from parasites like ME!"
Pearl says: "*steps in between Steven and Amethyst* AMETHYST!"
Pearl says: "That's enough!"
Steven says: "Pearl?"
Pearl says: "Steven, I'm sorry."
Pearl says: "I never wanted you to see this horrible place."
Amethyst says: "Then why don't you just..."
Amethyst says: "LEAVE!!!"
Amethyst summons her whip, wraps Pearl with it, and hurls her against one of the Gem machinery.
Amethyst says: "Admit it!"
Amethyst says: "I'm just an embarrassment to you!"
Amethyst swings her whip at Pearl again, who quickly dodges away, slice through a leg of the machinery.
Steven says: "Amethyst!"
Steven says: "Wait!"
Steven tries to stop Amethyst, but she lifts him up and tosses him away, sending him tumbling a distance away.
Pearl says: "*summons her spear* I don't want to fight you."
Amethyst says: "I wouldn't want to fight me neither!"
Amethyst spin-dashes towards Pearl. Pearl quickly rolls out of the way and starts firing energy blasts with her spear at Amethyst. Amethyst avoids the energy blasts while spin-dashing, jumps into the air and swings her whip downwards. Pearl sidesteps, stomps on the tip of the whip and slices it off with her spear.
Steven says: "*running towards Amethyst and Pearl* You guys, stop it!"
Amethyst says: "Stay out of this!"
Amethyst throws her whip like a bolas at Steven, which wraps around his legs and causes him to fall. Pearl jumps towards her and she, summoning another whip, tries to hit her. Pearl dodges each swing of Amethyst's whip and kicks her away.
Pearl says: "*twirls her spear* Amethyst, stop this!"
Pearl says: "You can't beat me."
Amethyst says: "I..."
Amethyst says: "DON'T..."
Amethyst says: "CARE!"
Amethyst says: "*summons two more whips and wraps them around Pearl's spear* I'm NOT gonna let you stand there and remind me of everything I HATE ABOUT MYSELF!!!!"
Amethyst lashes her whips and send violet energy waves down the whips towards Pearl, causing a huge explosion and sending Pearl flying and slamming against the Gem machinery.
Amethyst says: "I never asked for it to be this way.."
Amethyst says: "*starts weeping* I never asked to be made.."
Amethyst says: "!"
Pearl says: "Amethyst..."
Steven says: "*steps in between Pearl and Amethyst, tears in his eyes, and spreads his arms out* Amethyst, please, no more!"
Steven says: "I know you're upset, but, I can't bear to watch you two hurt each other."
The "leg" of the Gem machinery, previously sliced by Amethyst's whip, gives way and begins to fall towards the group. Steven summons his bubble shield, which Amethyst quickly sidesteps away from, and encases only Pearl and himself.
Steven says: "Amethyst!"
Steven says: "Amethyst, Amethyst, AMETHYST!"
Amethyst begins running away and the Gem machinery collapses on top the bubble. The screen is darkened for a moment, which quickly subsides as dust clouds disperse away. Steven quickly dispels his bubble shield and looks around for Amethyst, who seems to have disappeared in the chaos.
Steven says: "Ame-thy-st!"
Steven says: "Where are you?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "*looks back at the rubble and pushes it aside to uncover Amethyst's hole* Amethyst!"
Amethyst says: "*cowering and weeping inside her hole* Go away."
Amethyst says: "I'm bad, and you shouldn't be around me."
Steven says: "What?"
Steven says: "That's ridiculous."
Amethyst says: "Yeah, you don't."
Amethyst says: "'Cause if you did, you wouldn't be talking to me."
Steven says: "*peeps out of the hole* Pearl, get in here."
Steven says: "You got to help me."
Steven says: "You have to talk to her."
Pearl says: "*slides into the hole and kneels next to Amethyst* Amethyst?"
Pearl says: "..."
Pearl says: "Amethyst, I had no idea you've been upset about this."
Amethyst says: "What?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Amethyst says: "You had no idea!"
Amethyst says: "?"
Amethyst says: "Ho!"
Amethyst says: "This is, like, my entire existence!"
Amethyst says: "You want to pretend that none of this ever happened!"
Amethyst says: "You think I'm just a big mistake!"
Pearl says: "*gasps* No, no."
Pearl says: "Amethyst, you're not the mistake."
Pearl says: "You're just the byproduct of a..."
Pearl says: "big mistake."
Pearl says: "*blushes embarrassingly in realization*..."
Pearl says: "No, that's not- I..."
Pearl says: "I just never thought of this as you."
Pearl says: "None of this is your fault."
Pearl says: "You didn't build this place."
Pearl says: "I..."
Pearl says: "I'm sorry, Amethyst."
Pearl says: "*tears up* I hope you can forgive me."
Pearl says: "You're the one good thing that came out of this mess."
Pearl says: "I always thought you were proud of that."
Steven quickly steps away to clear the path for Pearl and Amethyst to exit the hole. Amethyst looks at Pearl hesitantly for a few seconds, before enveloping her in a crushing hug. Pearl is taken aback briefly, but returns the hug back to Amethyst. The group then step onto the warp pad, hand in hand, ready to return home.
Steven says: "Crystal Gems forever!"
Steven says: "Now let's go home, so Steven can sleep in a bed."
The three warp out of Prime Kindergarten, as the fog in the canyon begins to clear up, revealing even more of the Gem machinery and holes deep in the canyon, while ominous metal clanging noises are heard in the background.
END.