Open Int. Beach House, Evening.
Onion and Steven are seen jumping on the couch in the living room. Steven stops jumping, lying on the couch in exhaustion, and begins to narrate Onion's activity.
Steven says: "Woo!"
Steven says: "Onion sure was having a phenomenal time, jumping with Steven on his couch."
Steven says: "But after.."
Steven says: "two hours of jumping, he decided it was time to..."
Steven says: "perhaps stop and do something else?"
Onion stops jumping and looks down at him. He then heads over to the kitchen and Steven follows.
Steven says: "Ah, so Onion decided he wanted a snack."
Steven says: "And he knew he could help himself to anything in Steven's kitchen."
Onion opens a lower cabinet and takes out a bag of Chaaaaps Maximum BBQ.
Steven says: "*sighs* Including Steven's favorite limited edition chips..."
The pair sits on the couch by the windows. Onion opens the bag of chips and takes out a single chip to smell it.
Steven says: "Onion smelled the chip, savoring its delicious aroma."
Onion puts the chip back into the bag and gazes out the window.
Steven says: "But no snack could satisfy his hunger..."
Steven says: "For power!"
A boat horn is then heard, and Onion throws the bag of chips aside.
Steven says: "Oh looks like your dad's home, huh?"
Steven says: "I guess this round of Onion Tales has come to an end."
Onion opens the front door and leaves the house.
Steven says: "See ya!"
Steven says: "*looks out the window at Onion running off* Epilogue: Things get a little lonely for Onion, not knowing any other kids his age."
Steven says: "But luckily he had his friend Steven, who would kindly donate some time to a youth in need."
Time-Skip; The Next Day.
Steven is reading a book in the living room, when someone begins knocking on his door.
Steven says: "Coming!"
Steven opens the door and finds Onion standing outside.
Steven says: "Oh!"
Steven says: "Onion!"
Steven says: "Need someone to hang out with again?"
Steven says: "Come on in!"
Onion just stands on the spot, staring at Steven.
Steven says: "Oh, I see."
Steven says: "*starts narrating* Onion wanted to come in, but he paused in the doorway."
Steven says: "He needed to take his shoes off, but he didn't know how."
Onion shakes his head and holds out his hand.
Steven says: "You..."
Steven says: "wanna go somewhere else?"
Onion suddenly pulls Steven out of the house and starts dragging him along, running through the streets of Beach City. They then pass by Onion's house.
Steven says: "Hi Vidalia!"
Steven says: "Hi Yellowtaaaail!"
Steven says: "We just ran past your house, Onion!"
Steven says: "Where're you taking me?!"
Steven says: "!"
Onion brings Steven into a forest, running down a hill and eventually stopping in a clearing. Steven then accidentally trips and falls on the ground.
Steven says: "Woah!"
Steven says: "Where are we?"
Onion sticks his fingers in his mouth and whistles loudly.
Steven says: "Woah!"
Steven says: "I didn't know you can whistle like that!"
The nearby bushes then begins to rustle as footsteps can be heard.
Steven says: "Uhn?"
Steven says: "*gets up in shock* Is someone there?"
A boy wearing a scary mask pops out from the bushes.
Masked Kid says: "Garbanzo!"
Steven says: "Ah!"
Steven says: "*falls backwards in fright and starts backing off* Who are you?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "Your slow and eerie approach is making me uncomfortable!"
Steven backs against a hollow log, when another masked kid grabs his arms from inside and startles him.
Steven says: "Huh?"
Steven says: "AAAHH!"
Steven says: "*runs in front of Onion* Onion, run!"
A third masked kid jumps from a tree in front of Steven. Steven screams and passes out in shock, as the three kids surround him.
Steven says: "Looks like it's curtains for Steven Universe..."
Steven says: "*takes out his hands in peril, when Onion surrounds him too* Onion?"
The three kids remove their masks.
Steven says: "Huh?"
Steven says: "Do you know these guys, Onion?"
Onion nods as the kids gather around his sides.
Steven says: "Oh.."
Steven says: "they're your friends!"
Steven says: "Uh, my name's Steven!"
Garbanzo says: "Garbanzo."
Steven says: "Uh, I guess you're Garbanzo."
Steven says: "Since you're named after a bean, then the baby on your back must be..."
Steven says: "Pinto!"
Pinto coos, and Steven turns to the kid on his right.
Steven says: "And your name is..."
Steven says: "Oh, Squash!"
Squash winks at Steven in approval.
Steven says: "And to my left, we have..."
Steven says: "Uh, I don't know?"
Steven says: "S-S-S-Soup?"
Finally guessing their name correctly, Soup blows a kiss at Steven.
Steven says: "Whew!"
Steven says: "*laughs* It's nice to meet all of you!"
Steven says: "Huh?"
The three kids gather around Steven and caress his body, while Onion watches on.
Steven says: "What a warm welcome!"
Steven says: "*chuckles nervously* H-Hey, that's my wallet!"
Time-Skip.
Steven and Onion watch as Soup knocks down soda cans with their slingshot, and Squash claps for her.
Steven says: "Onion, the whole time, I thought you were just a lonely boy."
Steven says: "But you have a whole pantry of friends!"
Steven says: "Thanks for bringing me here!"
Garbanzo then pushes in a wooden derby with Pinto riding on top of it.
Garbanzo says: "*chuckling* Garbanzo."
Steven says: "Cool!"
Steven says: "A soap-box derby car thing!"
Steven says: "Can I lend you all a hand?"
Garbanzo says: "*chuckles* Garbanzo."
Garbanzo shakes his head as he points over to Soup, Squash, and Pinto, who are working on the derby using a hammer and a blowtorch.
Steven says: "*concerned* Is that safe?"
The kids finish touching up the derby and they all get onto the derby.
Garbanzo says: "Garbanzo!"
Steven says: "This looks amazing!"
Onion invites Steven aboard.
Steven says: "Is..."
Steven says: "there enough room for me?"
Soup pats on the back of the derby, and Steven climbs aboard.
Steven says: "Alright!"
Steven says: "Let's roll!"
Garbanzo begins driving the derby.
Steven says: "Woah!"
Steven says: "It even goes up steep hills!"
Garbanzo drives the gang out of the forest, while Steven cheers and laughs excitedly. Garbanzo smiles smugly and makes a sharp turn.
Steven says: "Swerving!"
The derby lightly collides into a bench, and Garbanzo jumps out of it and lays on the ground.
Garbanzo says: "Garbanzo!"
Steven says: "Uh!"
Steven says: "What's going on?"
Garbanzo squeezes a sachet of ketchup in his hand and spread it over his face. He turns to Squash, who is holding his hand in pretend-remorse.
Garbanzo says: "G-Gar-Garbanzo..."
Steven says: "Wait!"
Steven says: "He is gonna be ok, right?"
Steven says: "It was just a little spill!"
Garbanzo says: "Gar- banzooo..."
Garbanzo pretends to die with his eyes wide open, and Squash closes his eyes for him.
Steven says: "G-Garbanzo?"
Steven says: "Is this really happening?"
Everyone begins to lament as Pinto crawls onto Garbanzo's body.
Steven says: "Oh Pinto, I don't know what to say, this all happened so suddenly!"
Steven says: "I'll call a medical professional!"
Pinto rubs their hands together and touches Garbanzo's face. Garbanzo instantly wakes up.
Garbanzo says: "G-Garbanzo!"
Garbanzo lifts Pinto up and the other kids raise their hands in triumph.
Steven says: "It's a miracle!"
Onion hits Steven in the stomach with his elbow.
Steven says: "-wers?"
Steven says: "W-Why'd you nudge me and wink at me like this was all..."
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "A big joke?"
Onion nods and nudges again with his elbow. Steven starts laughing nervously.
Steven says: "I- I get it."
Steven says: "G-G-Good joke, hmm."
Steven says: "Y'all- Y'all really got me with that..."
Onion then pulls out a trenchcoat from the trunk of the derby.
Steven says: "Whoa, that is a huge trenchcoat!"
Steven says: "What are you gonna do with that?"
Squash, Garbanzo, Pinto, Soup, and Onion all pile on top of one another's shoulders inside the trenchcoat.
Steven says: "You're gonna pretend to be grown?"
Steven says: "Can I pretend with you?"
Steven says: "Yippee!"
Steven jumps onto Onion's shoulders and the trenchcoat closes up, leaving only Steven's head visible at the top. Onion then hands Steven a hat to wear.
Steven says: "Man we look so grown up!"
Squash, being at the bottom, begins to walk them through town.
Steven says: "What should we do first?"
Steven says: "Buy a car?"
Steven says: "Stay in a fancy hotel?"
Steven says: "Vote?"
The gang makes their way to Suitcase Sam's and spots Suitcase Sam standing outside.
Steven says: "Hey, is that Suitcase Sam?"
Steven says: "You think if we bump into him, he'll call us sir?"
Steven says: "That'll be funny."
Steven says: "Oh are we doing it?"
Steven says: "Hello, Suitcase Sam, sir!"
Steven says: "It is I, your faithful customer, Mr."
Steven says: "Mature Man!"
The trenchcoat suddenly opens up and light flashes from inside, causing Suitcase Sam to run away in fright. Steven covers up his chest in embarrassment.
Steven says: "Wh-Why'd you do that?"
A photo is developed from Squash's camera, and they passes it to Garbanzo.
Garbanzo says: "*laughs* Garbanzo!"
The photo then passes to Soup, who laughs at it, then to Onion, and finally to Steven at the top.
Steven says: "Huh?"
Trans. Int. Forest.
Steven pins the photo of Suitcase Sam being surprised on a tree, which is showcasing several other candid photos of Beach City citizens.
Steven says: "Man!"
Steven says: "I always thought when we weren't hanging out, you were just, sitting alone at the boardwalk."
Steven says: "Onion..."
Steven says: "how long as this been going on?"
Onion beckons Steven over, and Steven walks over to Onion drawing lines on the ground.
Steven says: "What's going on over here?"
Steven says: "Just drawing in the dirt, eh?"
Steven says: "That's cool."
Steven says: "That's not creepy..."
Steven says: "Right Soup?"
Soup takes off their pot helmet, and various bugs come crawling out from inside, startling Steven. Garbanzo and Squash pick two bugs out of the pot, and Soup offers the pot to Steven.
Steven says: "Uhh..."
Steven says: "Ok?"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "*picks out a beetle, groans in disgust, and follows the gang* What should I- Oh, okay."
Steven realizes the lines Onion drew resemble a race track, and he sets his beetle down on it, alongside other bugs, before a ruler as a starting line.
Steven says: "Is this.."
Steven says: "a race?"
Steven says: "You're racing bugs?"
Steven says: "*giggles* That's fun!"
Onion says "on your mark, get set, go!" in his own murmur language and lets the ruler go. The bugs start crawling around as everyone cheers for their selected bug.
Steven says: "Come on, you can do it!"
Steven says: "Keep going!"
Steven says: "Woo-hoo!"
Steven says: "I won!"
Garbanzo says: "Gar-banzo!"
Everyone else begins to cheer as Garbanzo and Squash carry Steven over to a stump. Onion sets his beetle on the stump and Garbanzo hands a mallet to Steven.
Garbanzo says: "Garbanzo."
Steven says: "For me?"
Steven says: "Thank you!"
Soup then slams their fist into their palm, prompting Steven to smash the beetle with the mallet.
Steven says: "Huh?"
Steven says: "What?"
Steven says: "You want me to- But- But he won!"
Everyone else, except Onion, starts repeatedly slamming their fists into their palms, encouraging Steven to crush the beetle. Steven begins to raise his mallet, but drops to his knees in reluctance.
Steven says: "I..."
Steven says: "can't do it!"
Steven says: "Bugs may be weird, but I don't wanna kill one!"
Steven says: "*sighs and sets down the mallet* I'm sorry, I'm going home!"
Steven begins running away. Onion tries to call him back, to no avail.
Trans. Ext. Beach House.
Steven walks up the steps to the his home while dialing on his phone.
Steven says: "Woo, no more weirdo friends."
Steven says: "Let's see..."
Steven says: "*leans over the balcony* I bet my best friend Connie is free."
Steven says: "*calls Connie* Hey, Connie!"
Steven says: "It's me, Steven."
Steven says: "I-I was wondering if you..."
Steven says: "Umm, no there's no mission."
Steven says: "I wanted to hang out."
Steven says: "You've got to do back to school shopping."
Steven says: "Oh, okay."
Steven says: "Say hi to the pencils for me!"
Steven says: "*hangs up the phone* Well, I bet Peedee wants to hang."
Steven sends a text message to Peedee, while he replies "Can't hang out. End of summer work rush.".
Steven says: "No big deal."
Steven says: "I'm sure someone else is free."
Steven says: "*scrolls down his contact list, which is half empty* Umm..."
Steven says: "Oh."
Steven says: "Looks like the lonely boy with no friends his age was actually..."
Steven says: "Steven."
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Steven lies in somber on the couch by the windowsill, when Onion comes knocking on the front door.
Steven says: "No, Onion!"
Steven says: "Just leave me alone!"
Steven says: "*turns away* You don't have to play with me anymore."
Onion looks down in sorrow and walks away. He then shortly returns, bursting through the screen of the front door, and comes over to Steven.
Steven says: "What are you doing?!"
Steven says: "!"
Onion pulls Steven off the couch by his foot and begins to drag him towards the door.
Steven says: "No, Onion!"
Steven says: "Onion listen!"
Steven says: "*gets up* I figured it out!"
Steven says: "The only reason you hang out with me is cause you feel bad for me, isn't it?"
Onion, shocked by Steven's remark, shakes his head.
Steven says: "You don't have to lie to me to protect my feelings!"
Steven says: "Those kids, out there in the woods."
Steven says: "You understand each other and you don't even talk!"
Steven says: "They're your real friends."
Steven says: "So just, go."
Steven says: "*turns away from Onion* I don't need you to pity me."
Steven says: "It's the one thing I can do by myself."
Onion walks away, out through the hole he made through the screen door, before leaving something behind.
Steven says: "Hmm?"
Steven says: "*picks up a beetle* Hey."
Steven says: "You're..."
Steven says: "the winner of the bug race."
Steven says: "Wait!"
Steven says: "Onion, I'm sorry!"
Steven opens the front door and runs out, not before setting the beetle back down inside the house.
Steven says: "Onion, wait!"
Steven runs all the way through town, and back to the forest again.
Steven says: "Guys, I'm sorry!"
Steven says: "It was me!"
Steven says: "I was the lonely boy!"
Steven says: "I- Hey, what's going on?"
Steven says: "..."
Steven then notices Onion's friends are all sadly packing up their belongings.
Steven says: "Wait, are you guys..."
Steven says: "leaving?"
Steven says: "I'm sorry about being weirded out before!"
Steven says: "You don't have to leave!"
Onion picks up a fallen brown leaf off the ground and hands it to Steven.
Steven says: "Ohhh."
Steven says: "I-I get it now."
Steven says: "You guys only come to Beach City during the summer months."
Steven says: "And since the fall's starting, it must be time for you to go home."
Garbanzo says: "*starts crying* Gaaarbaaanzoooo!"
Garbanzo, Squash and Soup all spread their arms and approach towards Steven.
Steven says: "I don't know what to say."
Steven says: "I-  Awww."
Steven says: "Thanks for letting me hang out with you guys."
Steven says: "You're all swell."
Onion's friends begin driving away on the derby car, waving goodbye to Steven and Onion.
Steven says: "*waving back* Goodbye!"
Steven says: "I'll never forget you all!"
Onion sadly walks over to a log and leans against it, and Steven sits down by his side.
Steven says: "So that's why you wanted me to come back so much."
Steven says: "This was your last chance to have all your friends in the same place."
Onion covers his face in sadness, and Steven begins to narrate again.
Steven says: "Hmm."
Steven says: "Onion felt really sad about his summer friends leaving."
Steven says: "But!"
Steven says: "Then he started to feel a little better."
Onion uncovers his face and looks at Steven.
Steven says: "He remembered all the great times he had with his friends, and all the cool stuff they did together."
Steven says: "And until next summer, he had his pal Steven to hang out with."
Steven says: "I-If he wants to."
Onion, touched by Steven's words, starts weeping and gives Steven a hug.
Steven says: "Aww, buddy!"
The star iris closes on the pair as they embrace each other, ending the episode.
END.