Open Int. Beach House.
Steven stands in attention in the kitchen, with various ingredients on stand-by. The toaster then goes off, and Steven prepares a sandwich with a bagel, fried egg, smoked salmon and cream cheese.
Steven says: "Yesss..."
Steven says: "Perfectly timed afternoon sandwich..."
Steven says: "complete."
Steven says: "*about to eat it* Wait, I can't eat such a perfect sandwich all on its own, it needs a side!"
Steven says: "But what?"
The Temple Gate opens and Amethyst walks out, looking somber.
Steven says: "Oh!"
Steven says: "Hey, Amethyst!"
Steven says: "I made lunch!"
Steven says: "*holds up the cream cheese container* You wanna eat this empty container?"
Amethyst says: "No, thanks."
Steven says: "O-okay!"
Steven says: "You've seen Garnet or Pearl?"
Amethyst says: "*lies on the couch, her back facing Steven* Nope."
Steven says: "Any..."
Steven says: "idea where they might be?"
Amethyst says: "I dunno?"
Amethyst says: "Somewhere not talking to each other?"
Steven says: "Hmmm..."
Steven says: "*thinks* Wait, I know what this meal needs!"
Steven says: "*opens a cupboard* A bag of- *gasps* Onion!"
Steven says: "?"
Onion is seen inside the cupboard, holding a bag of Chaaaaps Steven is going to take. He snatches the bag of Chaaaaps and jumps out of the cupboard.
Steven says: "What the-?"
Steven says: "Oh no you don't!"
Steven runs to the door and shuts it before Onion can run outside. Onion then looks around and proceeds to jump through the screen window, escaping Steven.
Steven says: "*shouting*.."
Steven says: "ONION!"
Steven says: "*walks out onto the pouch, seeing Onion running away* We just put that screen in!"
Steven says: "*chases after Onion* Come back here!"
Steven says: "Those were going to complete my perfect lunch!"
Steven says: "*breathing heavily* It's a special flavor that's only in stores for a limited time!"
Steven chases Onion all the way into the town of Beach City.
Steven says: "I know how you are with food, you're not even going to eat them!"
Steven says: "At least let me have just one!"
Onion runs into the garage of a house and Steven follows, sweating and exhausted.
Steven says: "This..."
Steven says: "is it, Onion, nowhere to hide!"
Steven says: "*enters the garage* Now just..."
Steven says: "just drop the bag and, uh..."
Steven says: "Onion?"
Steven says: "*looks around and sees several paintings of Amethyst* Uh..."
Steven says: "Amethyst!"
Steven says: "?"
Steven says: "Uh..."
Steven says: "That's really weird..."
Steven exits the garage. Time passes by, and Steven brings Amethyst over.
Steven says: "Um..."
Steven says: "so..."
Steven says: "I always knew Onion was weird, but..."
Steven says: "I think he's obsessed with you..."
Steven says: "What do you think, Amethyst?"
Vidalia says: "Who's in there!"
Vidalia says: "?"
Vidalia says: "I don't know how you got past that tarp, but this is private property!"
A lady with a bulb hairstyle then emerges from behind a curtain, wielding a shotgun.
Amethyst says: "Vidalia!"
Amethyst says: "?"
Vidalia says: "Amethyst!"
Vidalia says: "?"
Vidalia sets her shotgun aside, and she and Amethyst run to hug each other, laughing.
Vidalia says: "It's been years!"
Amethyst says: "Man, you've changed!"
Amethyst says: "You look TERRIBLE!"
Vidalia says: "You look the same..."
Vidalia says: "*smiles* Terrible!"
Amethyst and Vidalia laughs again.
Steven says: "Wait, whaaat?"
Steven says: "Who's she?"
Steven says: "How do you know each other?"
Amethyst says: "Oh, we both kinda hung around your dad, but Vidalia's cooler than your dad, so..."
Amethyst says: "we started hanging out without him."
Vidalia says: "*looks surprised* Is that Steven?"
Vidalia says: "Look at him!"
Vidalia says: "He looks just like Greg!"
Vidalia says: "That's good, that's good."
Vidalia says: "He used to be super hot."
Amethyst and Vidalia scoff and laugh together.
Steven says: "*blushes* Uh..."
Steven says: "so..."
Steven says: "did you paint these when you used to hang out?"
Vidalia says: "Yeah, some of them."
Vidalia says: "Some are new, though."
Vidalia says: "Amethyst was my favorite model!"
Vidalia says: "*winks to Amethyst* Can you still turn into anything?"
Amethyst says: "Heh..."
Amethyst says: "Anything but respectable."
Vidalia says: "*laughs* Oh, man..."
Vidalia says: "We used to get into all sorts of trouble."
Vidalia says: "*hands a photo of a younger her and Amethyst to Steven* Now tell me, Steven, aren't we just the spitting image of mischief?"
Amethyst says: "Pfff..."
Amethyst says: "hardly!"
Amethyst says: "*chuckles* You're wearing slippers."
Vidalia says: "You don't know what I've done in these shoes."
Vidalia says: "*laughs with Amethyst again, and takes back the photo* It's great to see you again..."
Vidalia says: "Sorry, it's been so long."
Vidalia says: "I guess we've both been busy."
Amethyst says: "Oh, yeah..."
Amethyst says: "I get it."
Amethyst says: "Kids."
Steven says: "What about kids?"
Vidalia says: "Oh, here's one now!"
Onion enters and clings to Vidalia's leg.
Steven says: "*surprised* YOU'RE ONION'S MOM?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "?"
Vidalia says: "*giggles and lifts Onion* Yup, he's my little troublemaker."
Vidalia says: "*takes a pair of scissors Onion is holding and throws them away* And Steven, he loves talking about you."
Vidalia says: "Oh!"
Vidalia says: "That's a great idea!"
Vidalia says: "Steven, Amethyst, Onion wants to know if you'd like to stay for dinner."
Amethyst says: "*interrupts Steven* We'd love to!"
Amethyst says: "*laughs* R-Right Steven?"
Amethyst says: "Onion's like, your best friend?"
Amethyst says: "*follows Vidalia into the house* Now tell me what you did in those shoes, girl."
Trans. Int. Onion's House.
Steven and Amethyst have dinner together with Vidalia's family in the kitchen.
Amethyst says: "Mmm!"
Amethyst says: "I can't eat another bite of..."
Amethyst says: "heh, whatever that was."
Vidalia says: "Oh, it's just a little dish I like to call, noodles and butter."
Amethyst says: "I can't believe how long it's been!"
Amethyst says: "I mean, check this guy out!"
Amethyst says: "*points at Sour Cream, listening and jazzing to music on his earphones* I used to be bigger than him!"
Amethyst says: "*laughs, and then sighs* Do you ever hear from ol' Farty Marty?"
Vidalia says: "Him!"
Vidalia says: "?"
Vidalia says: "*laughs* I dunno where that fool is!"
Vidalia says: "Don't care either."
Vidalia says: "It's just been me and Yellowtail for a while now."
Amethyst says: "*notices Vidalia's wedding ring* Whaaaat?"
Amethyst says: "Yellowtail?"
Vidalia says: "Yeah, things just kinda happened."
Vidalia says: "*points at various family photos on the walls* Next thing you know, I'm living with a fisherman."
Vidalia says: "Hahah, you should see your face right now."
While Amethyst and Vidalia are chatting, Steven greets Sour Cream.
Amethyst Background.
Vidalia Background.
Well, it's just how it is now.
Steven says: "Hey, Sour Cream!"
Sour Cream responds to Steven with a peace sign, then continues listening to his music.
Amethyst Background.
So where's ol' Fishtail at?
Vidalia Background.
Uh, it's Yellowtail... He spends a lot of time out at sea somewhere.
Steven then turns to Onion, who is sitting besides Sour Cream. He glares at Onion as he is sculpting something with his food. Onion then turns his plate around to reveal that he sculpted his food into a rough bust of Steven's head.
Steven says: "*happily* Hey!"
Steven says: "It's me!"
Amethyst Background.
Haha, dude, you used to complain so much about the smell of the docks.
Onion then disturbingly licks a piece off the back of the food sculpture and chews on it. Stevens keeps glaring, as Onion opens his mouth and spills the chewed-up food out onto the table.
Vidalia Background.
It used to be so gross over there, now there are these fancy boats around. Remember when we snuck under the mayor's boat and trashed it?
Amethyst Background.
Ha ha, yeah, I remember.
Steven says: "Why do you hate food?"
Time Skip.
Vidalia begins washing the dishes.
Vidalia says: "What about you, Amethyst?"
Amethyst says: "Huh?"
Vidalia says: "You haven't said a word about yourself all night."
Amethyst says: "Well, that's because my life is boring."
Vidalia says: "Alright, how are the Gems?"
Amethyst says: "I dunno."
Amethyst says: "*sighs* They're boring too."
Steven says: "*hastily* Okay, thanks for dinner, time to go!"
Steven says: "Right, Amethyst?"
Amethyst says: "What's the hurry?"
Amethyst says: "We've got nothing to do."
Amethyst says: "Besides, an Amethyst-Vidalia party don't end 'till the sun come up."
Onion says: "Mama!"
Vidalia says: "What's that?"
Onion murmurs something to Vidalia.
Vidalia says: "Oh!"
Vidalia says: "That's a great idea."
Vidalia says: "Steven, Onion wants to show you around the house."
Vidalia says: "What do you say?"
Vidalia says: "Can Onion show you around?"
Steven starts sweating in hesitation as he sees Onion staring at him, when the electricity begins to falter.
Steven says: "Uhhh!"
Steven says: "W-What's going on?"
Vidalia says: "Oh, whenever Sour Cream starts DJing, it uses all the electricity in the house."
Vidalia says: "Good thing Yellowtail's not here."
Vidalia says: "It drives him nuts."
Amethyst says: "Dude!"
Amethyst says: "Your house is jacked."
Vidalia says: "What can you do?"
Vidalia says: "Kids gotta express themselves."
Onion then slams his hands into his food sculpture, splattering it everywhere and startling Steven.
Vidalia says: "*laughs* You too, Onion."
Vidalia says: "Very expressive."
Vidalia says: "*turns to Steven* Looks like he's ready for you, Steven."
Onion looks up and smiles slightly at Steven. Steven glares back with unrest.
Trans. Int. Onion's room.
Onion brings Steven into his room, shutting the door behind him, and Steven begins looking around.
Steven says: "Uh..."
Steven says: "cool shopping cart."
Onion runs off, startling Steven, and hops onto a small trampoline and then onto his bed. He then starts jumping up and down on the bed. Steven retreats into a corner in hesitation.
Steven says: "Why don't you just jump up and down on that trampoline?"
Steven says: "I mean, it's like..."
Steven says: "right there."
Steven says: "But it's your room, so do whatever you want."
Steven says: "You have a little mousey roommate friend!"
Steven says: "Awww!"
Steven says: "Oh?"
The mouse runs off Steven's foot and Onion jumps off the bed to scoop it up once it is close to him.
Steven says: "Is that your pet?"
Onion walks over to a large container at the side of his room.
Steven says: "Oh, that must be where he lives, right?"
Steven says: "*walks over* Let me help you put him in his home."
Steven says: "*looks into the dark container* This is a pretty large container for a little baby—"
Steven says: "."
Onion turns on the light inside the container.
Steven says: "*flinches* SNAAAKE?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "?"
Steven says: "Onion, you..."
Steven says: "want me to feed our little friend to this snake, huh?"
Onion nods.
Steven says: "Oh."
Steven says: "*shudders and groans, and then looks at the mouse* Sorry, but..."
Steven says: "We all gotta eat."
Steven says: "I..."
Steven says: "can't..."
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "Ugh!"
Steven says: "*tears up and hands the mouse to Onion* Just take him from me!"
Steven says: "I-I'll be over here!"
Onion takes the mouse by its tail. Steven shivers and sweats, facing away from the container, as he hears squeaking, and then the sound of the container closing. Onion turns off the container light and walks over to Steven.
Steven says: "Uh..."
Steven says: "you don't have any more..."
Steven says: "weird pets to show me, do you?"
Onion walks over to a TV with a built-in VCR player.
Steven says: "You..."
Steven says: "gonna put on a movie?"
Steven says: "That'd be nice, and not creepy at all."
Onion inserts a VHS tape in the TV, and plays it.
Steven says: "Cool hospital setting."
Vidalia VHS Tape.
Okay, I'm ready.
Steven says: "Hey, that's your mom!"
Vidalia VHS Tape.
I'm ready!
Steven says: "What's she getting ready for?"
Vidalia VHS Tape.
Steven says: "Ah!"
Steven says: "Wait!"
Steven says: "What's going on?"
Onion hands the VHS case to Steven.
Vidalia VHS Tape.
Steven says: "*reads the VHS case label* "Happy Birthday..."
Steven says: "Onion"?"
Steven says: "Is this you being born!"
Steven says: "?"
Steven says: "Aaah!"
Steven covers his eyes again with the VHS case as more moaning is heard from the video. Onion then turns off the TV.
Steven says: "*sighs* I can't take much more of this."
Onion walks back to his bed and climbs onto it. He peels off a poster on the wall, revealing a secret vent at the head of his bed.
Steven says: "Where..."
Steven says: "?"
Onion beckons to Steven with his hand with a blank expression. The electricity then starts to falter again, casting an eerie shadow on Onion's face. Steven finally snaps.
Steven says: "Okay, I'm out, can't do this anymore, need to go home."
Steven stops on the stairs and spots Amethyst and Vidalia, drinking tea, and having a serious conversation in the living room.
Amethyst says: "Even Garnet!"
Amethyst says: "Like, I've never seen Garnet this upset."
Amethyst says: "*sighs* It's awful at home."
Amethyst says: "I feel trapped."
Vidalia says: "That's crazy!"
Vidalia says: "I know what you mean though."
Amethyst says: "You do?"
Vidalia says: "Hey, we don't always get along in this family."
Vidalia says: "Yellowtail and Sour Cream are always at each other's throats."
Vidalia says: "It makes me nuts."
Vidalia says: "Actually, when I get like that, I think about you!"
Vidalia says: "And how you could always just roll with it."
Amethyst says: "*blushes* Whaaat?"
Amethyst says: "No, that was you!"
Amethyst says: "You were so, ah, cool!"
Amethyst says: "I was just like, a dumb sponge following you around."
Steven keeps watching the conversation, shocked in revelation.
Vidalia says: "But you were down for anything, not afraid of anything."
Vidalia says: "You know how much I wanted to be like you?"
Vidalia says: "*sighs* I still think about it."
Vidalia says: "To be honest, that's why I started painting you again."
Vidalia says: "I'm..."
Vidalia says: "I'm inspired by you, Amethyst."
Vidalia says: "Ooh, looks like I'm gonna need more tea!"
Vidalia says: "*holds up a teabag from her cup* You wanna eat this bag?"
Amethyst says: "Yeah!"
Amethyst says: "*chuckles* My favorite."
Vidalia says: "Okay, I'll be riiight back."
Vidalia says: "Good thing the kids are keeping themselves busy."
Steven sighs and decides to head back upstairs to Onion's room.
Steven says: "Okay Onion, let's do this."
Steven says: "*shuts the room door* Whatever weird or horrible thing you have planned for me, I can take it."
Onion, still waiting on his bed, crawls into the hidden vent, and Steven follows him. Onion crawls on ahead at a fast pace, and Steven tries to catch up.
Steven says: "*panting* Hey, slow down!"
Steven keeps crawling through the vent after Onion, as it gradually gets darker the deeper they go, till it is complete darkness.
Steven says: "Oh boy, this is gonna be bad."
Steven says: "U-uh..."
Steven says: "Onion, where are you?"
Onion then flicks on the light, standing in and revealing a small room, lit with Christmas lights.
Steven says: "What's this room?"
Steven says: "*climbs out of the vent and falls* Oof!"
Onion walks towards a small chest near the back of the room.
Steven says: "What's in there?"
Steven says: "Something horrible?"
Onion opens the chest as Steven watches anxiously. He then turns and smiles at Steven, as Steven gasps in awe.
Steven says: "Onion!"
Steven says: "It's full of G."
Steven says: "U."
Steven says: "Y."
Steven says: "S."
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "*picks up a capsule that is fallen out of the chest* Wow!"
Steven says: "I've never seen this red variant of Ninja Guy before!"
Steven says: "You have G."
Steven says: "A."
Steven says: "L."
Steven says: "S."
Steven says: "too?"
Steven says: "*picks up each capsule and identifies them* Hard-hat Gal, Triangle Gal, Orange Gal, Karen!"
Steven says: "Karen..."
Steven says: "How did you get a hold of- No, don't tell me."
Onion holds up a capsule to Steven.
Steven says: "Hm?"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "No way!"
Steven says: "It's..."
Steven says: "Explorer Gal!"
Steven says: "She's so cool-looking!"
Steven hands the capsule back to Onion, but he refuses to take it back.
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Y-You should take your Explorer Gal back."
Onion shakes his head and pushes the capsule towards Steven.
Steven says: "Are you..."
Steven says: "giving this to me?"
Onion nods.
Steven says: "*gasps* I can't believe it!"
Steven says: "Thank you so much, Onion!"
Steven says: "Oh man, what other G."
Steven says: "A."
Steven says: "L."
Steven says: "S."
Steven says: "and G."
Steven says: "U."
Steven says: "Y."
Steven says: "S."
Steven says: "you got?"
Onion shows an empty looking capsule to Steven.
Steven says: "Huh, cool."
Steven says: "Invisible Guy."
Time Skip - Night-time.
Steven and Amethyst prepares to leave Onion's house, when Vidalia and Onion outside sending them off.
Vidalia says: "And STAY OUT!"
Amethyst says: "Umm, thanks for dinner."
Amethyst says: "And for listening."
Vidalia says: "Well, thanks for breaking into my house!"
Vidalia says: "And don't worry about that other stuff."
Vidalia says: "It's gonna blow over."
Vidalia says: "You're a rock!"
Vidalia says: "That's what you are, right?"
Amethyst says: "Eh, something like that."
Vidalia says: "Well, whatever you are, don't be a stranger."
Amethyst says: "Yeah, I can stop by any time if you need..."
Amethyst says: ""inspiration"."
Amethyst says: "*blushes* Or if you want, you could come over to the temple sometime too."
Amethyst says: "You could even bring Onion for Steven to hang with."
Steven gives a start at Amethyst's invitation.
Vidalia says: "Oh, well, that sounds great to us."
Vidalia says: "What about you, Steven?"
Vidalia says: "*looks at Onion* Ready for another round with this guy?"
Steven smiles at Onion. Onion smiles back, and then opens his mouth to reveal the mouse from earlier; it squeaks and hops out of his mouth. The star iris then closes on Steven, sweating anxiously.
Steven says: "*laughs nervously* Yeah, we'll see!"
END.