Steven is reading 'Destiny's End', the last book in the "Spirit Morph Saga", while an agitated Connie watches nearby. Steven finishes the book and let a deep sigh.
Connie says: "*clears her throat* So..."
Connie says: "what did you think of the ending?"
Steven says: "Uh, I thought it was on page 917?"
Connie says: "I thought it was a disaster!"
Steven says: "Uuuhhh..."
Connie says: "*stands up and begins pacing around* All the books leading up to this seemed to be taking on and subverting these "witch tropes"..."
Connie says: "Really self-aware about being a pastiche, you know?"
Connie says: "But in the end, none of that even mattered."
Connie says: "Lisa and her talking falcon, rebels challenging the stifling traditions of the magical bureaucracy?"
Connie says: "I loved that."
Connie says: "Then her falcon turns into a human and they get married?!"
Connie says: "!"
Connie says: "It completely dropped all the anti-authoritarian stuff and described a wedding cake for fifty pages!"
Steven says: "*tries to play along* Yeah, that cake was worthy of twenty pages, tops."
Steven says: "There weren't even strawberries on it."
Connie says: "I bet since the books got so popular, the publisher put pressure on the author to water down the end for a larger audience appeal."
Connie says: "Unlike art, the real world can't always win against the iron chains of authority."
Connie says: "*lies down on the couch next to Steven, sighing deeply* That's my theory, anyway."
Steven says: "Hmm..."
Connie says: "It's just disappointing, considering I invested extra money in the hard cover copies..."
Connie says: "*takes the book from Steven's hands and opens it, and colored maps fall out*..."
Connie says: "with maps."
Steven says: "I wish I could give you a new ending."
Steven and Connie smile at each other, when Steven's gem starts glowing, activating Rose's Room of the Crystal Temple.
Steven says: "The temple door!"
Steven says: "It opened for me!"
Steven says: "*gasps* I can make anything I want in there!"
Steven says: "I can make us a new ending!"
Connie says: "Really?"
Connie says: "Well, what are we waiting for?"
Connie grabs Steven's hand and they both run inside Rose's Room.
Steven says: "Uh..."
Steven says: "ta-da!"
Connie says: "Cool..."
Steven says: "This is my mom's room."
Steven says: "I can control it, like this."
Steven says: "*announces loudly* I want a Tiny Floating Whale to give me some fin!"
The Tiny Floating Whale appears, gives Steven a fin-five, makes a tiny whale noise, and poofs away.
Connie says: "*amused* Unbelievable!"
Connie says: "How does it work?"
Steven says: "The room can make stuff out of clouds."
Steven says: "We can make anything."
Connie says: "Anything?"
Connie says: "How about the Infinity Fair from Book Four?"
Connie says: "With merchants from a million lands, selling goods from cultures long gone and yet to be!"
Steven says: "We should probably keep it simple."
Steven says: "We don't want to overload the room."
Connie says: "How about half the Infinity Fair?"
Connie says: "..."
Connie says: "No, that's still infinity."
Connie says: "Simple."
Connie says: "Okay, well, what really matters are the characters."
Connie says: "You should be Archamicarus."
Steven says: "Okay."
Steven says: "Room, I want to be a falcon!"
Connie says: "*claps* Amazing!"
Connie says: "Okay, my turn."
Connie says: "Room, I want to be Lisa."
Connie says: "Do I need to be more specific?"
Connie says: "You were pretty general with the falcon thing."
Steven says: "Oh, sorry."
Steven says: "I guess the room just makes things when I want it."
Steven says: "Maybe this won't work after all..."
Connie says: "Why don't you just have it make a costume shop?"
Steven says: "Oh yeah, good idea."
Steven says: "I want a costume shop!"
A costume shop appears before Steven, and Connie run inside the shop, while Steven waits outside.
Connie says: "Wow, this place has everything!"
Connie says: "Even the childhood tunic!"
Connie says: "Wait, you thought it was red?"
Steven says: "Yeah, the color of the setting sun."
Connie says: "*matter-of-factly* The sun sets black over the mine, Steven."
Steven says: "Are you going to be young Lisa?"
Connie says: "Well, if we're really reworking this thing, I'm gonna make the ultimate Lisa, with the best gear from every book!"
Connie says: "Like..."
Connie says: "what if she never lost her iron sword?"
Steven says: "Whoa!"
Connie says: "And the cloak and the clasp are too signature not to do."
Steven says: "For sure!"
Connie says: "And I always liked the dragon whisker boots from the volcano stuff in Book Three."
Steven says: "Are you almost done?"
Connie says: "Wait a minute!"
Steven says: "*blushes* Come out, I wanna see you!"
Connie then emerges out of costume shop, outfitted in a Robin Hood-esque outfit, complete with an eye patch.
Steven says: "Whoa, you look awesome."
Connie says: "*blushes* Thanks."
Steven says: "Okay, lets do this!"
Steven and Connie run off laughing to another area in the room.
Steven says: "So, at the end of the series, Lisa and her falcon familiar, Archamicarus, are at the altar..."
Steven says: "So instead, hmm..."
Steven says: "uhhh..."
Steven says: "I don't know."
Steven says: "What do you think?"
Connie says: "Hmm, what do you think?"
Steven says: "*caught off-guard* Uhh, well, h-how about a different proposal, Lisa..."
Steven says: "a business proposal!"
Steven says: "We can start a business together and sell..."
Steven says: "uh, sell..."
Steven says: "turkey legs to make money to help out our fellow rebel comrades!"
Connie says: "Yeah, that's great!"
A food cart appears before Steven.
Steven says: "I want an umbrella with that, if you would, Room."
An umbrella appears on the food cart.
Steven says: "Turkey Legs!"
Steven says: "Get your rebel turkey legs!"
Steven and Connie pushes the food cart along, various buildings appear and disappear as they walk by.
Steven says: "You think its okay for me to eat this if I'm a falcon?"
Connie says: "You are a bird of prey."
Steven says: "So..."
Steven says: "what should our next move be as business partners?"
Connie says: "You tell me!"
Steven says: "Yeah?"
Steven says: "Oh, um..."
Steven says: "let's feed the Wind Lizard!"
The Wind Lizard appears.
Steven says: "*laughs* Look at this guy, he totally looks like a rebel!"
Connie says: "Wow, from Book Four!"
The Wind Lizard screeches.
Steven says: "Now, I know he lives in the mountains but he's just visiting because he heard about these turkey legs."
Steven says: "Lisa, would you like to do the honors?"
Connie says: "Okay!"
Steven hands Connie a turkey leg and she feeds the Wind Lizard, who chomps and swallows it whole.
Connie says: "He ate the bones!"
Steven says: "Okay!"
Steven says: "*scratches head* I guess our business is a success!"
Connie says: "If you think so!"
Steven says: "So, what now?"
Steven says: "Didn't you have a bunch of ideas?"
Steven says: "That it needed to more anti-authority and stuff?"
Connie says: "Sure!"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Okaaaaaaay."
The Wind Lizard poofs away.
Steven says: "So..."
Steven says: "We're- we're stopped by the authorities?"
Three knights appears before Steven.
Steven says: "Because..."
Steven says: "because we're selling without a permit!"
A "Laws" scroll reading lots of "blah" appears in a knight's hand.
Steven says: "And we're not old enough to drive a cart!"
Another "Laws" scroll, reading lots of "blah" and "They're pretty serious, guys", appears in another knight's hand.
Steven says: "But these are uh, free-range turkeys!"
Steven says: "And they didn't listen to anybody, and that's what we're gonna do..."
Steven says: "right?"
Connie says: "Whatever you think!"
Steven says: "Really?"
Steven says: "All right."
Steven says: "And then, I think they..."
Steven says: "don't like that, and they attack us!"
The "Laws" scrolls transform into axes in the knights' hands and they start advancing.
Steven says: "You can't stop us!"
The knights starts hacking away at the food cart, and Steven and Connie hide behind it.
Steven says: "Jeez, these guys are corrupt!"
Steven says: "What should we do about 'em huh?"
Connie says: "What do you think we should do?"
Steven says: "*blushes* C-come on I'm really trying here!"
Steven says: "How do you want this story to end?"
Connie says: "How do you want this story to end?"
Steven says: "I don't know!"
Steven says: "I just wanted to do this for you."
Steven says: "This isn't really like you I- *sigh* I don't want you to just do what I want."
Connie says: "*startled* Uh, uhh..."
Connie says: "You want me to, not, d-do what you want?"
Steven says: "Connie, are you all right?"
Connie starts glitching out and keeps repeating "want", as Steven has a flashback.
Steven says: "I want a tiny floating whale to give me some fin!"
The flashback ends and Steven suddenly realizes, staring at the glitching "Connie".
Steven says: "I-I created you!"
Steven says: "You're not Connie!"
Steven says: "I must've left the real Connie back at the costume shop."
Steven says: "Sh-she could be anywhere!"
Steven says: "No, no, no, no, NO!"
Steven says: "I'm done, I'm done playing!"
Steven's falcon costume poofs away as Cloud Connie stares at him. He then proceeds to poof away everything else, including Cloud Connie. He sits down to catch his breath, when Cloud Connie reforms.
Steven says: "*sweating* Why didn't you disappear with everything else?"
Cloud Connie says: "You told me not to do what you wanted."
Steven says: "Uh..."
Steven says: "URGGHHH!"
Steven says: "Where is Connie?"
Connie says: "*distantly* Steven?"
Connie says: "Steven?"
Steven says: "Connie?"
Steven says: "C-Connie, Is that you?"
Steven starts looking around, when Cloud Connie grabs Steven's hand.
Steven says: "*gasps* Please let me go, I want to find the real Connie!"
Steven says: "That doesn't matter!"
Steven starts running off and Cloud Connie chases after him.
Steven says: "*panting* Please don't follow me, I don't want you to follow me!"
Steven says: "Cart!"
Steven summons a food cart and Cloud Connie easily jumps over it.
Steven says: "Ah!"
Steven says: "Uhh..."
Steven says: "Wind Lizard!"
The Wind Lizard appears underneath Steven and it flies off with him riding it. Cloud Connie grabs onto its tail and climbs aboard as well. Steven keeps looking around the room from above to look for Connie.
Steven says: "Connie can you hear me?"
Connie says: "Steven?"
Connie says: "Steven!"
Connie says: "?"
Steven says: "*spots a silhouette in the distance* Connie, I'm almost there, just a little bit further!"
Steven says: "AH!"
Cloud Connie pushes Steven off of the Wind Lizard and they begin to fall.
Cloud Connie says: "Rrrr."
Steven says: "Please, I don't want you, I want the REAL Connie!"
Steven lands face-first and tumbles on the ground and Cloud Connie lands behind him.
Cloud Connie says: "I know what you really want, I know how you REALLY feel!"
Connie says: "Steven?"
Connie says: "*runs through the clouds towards Steven* Ah Steven, finally, there you..."
Connie says: "are?"
Connie sees Cloud Connie pinning a struggling Steven.
Steven says: "*tears up* Help!"
Connie quickly runs up to Cloud Connie and pushes her away from Steven. Cloud Connie grunts and charges back at the pair.
Connie says: "Keep away from him!"
Connie steps in and slashes her iron sword at Cloud Connie, slicing her in half and she poofs away. Cloud Connie reforms back shortly in front of Steven.
Cloud Connie says: "I know you like her!"
Connie steps in between Cloud Connie and Steven, and raises her iron sword in defend to defend Steven.
Cloud Connie says: "And I know you want her to like you too."
Steven says: "No, don't listen!"
Connie slashes at Cloud Connie again, causing her to poof away. Cloud Connie then reform back on top of Steven.
Cloud Connie says: "That's why you can't tell her the truth, but you WANT to!"
Cloud Connie says: "*pins Steven's head down* You wanna tell her!"
Steven says: "No!"
Connie says: "Get off of him!"
Cloud Connie says: "Tell her Steven!"
Steven says: "I- Unggggh..."
Cloud Connie says: "TELL HER!"
Steven says: "Mmmmrng..."
Steven says: "I like the ending of the book!"
Connie stops charging forward.
Connie says: "What?"
Steven says: "I-I thought it was sweet that Lisa and Archimicarus got together in the end!"
Steven says: "They were always so thoughtful towards each other, and I was so happy when they found the spell to make him human, and I loved every page about the cake, I wanted to draw a picture of it!"
Steven says: "I'm..."
Steven says: "I'm sorry I pretended not to like it, I just didn't want you to think less of me."
Cloud Connie says: "*sighs and releases Steven* That's better."
Cloud Connie finally poofs away, and Connie walks towards Steven.
Steven says: "D-do you think I'm a bad person for liking the ending?"
Connie says: "Of course not I..."
Connie says: "Steven, it's just a book!"
Steven says: "But, you really care about it!"
Connie says: "I care about you more."
Steven says: "Even though I liked the wedding?"
Connie says: "Oh, of course you liked the wedding..."
Connie says: "You're Steven, you love "schmaltz"."
Connie offers her hand and helps Steven up. The pair then exits Rose's room through the Temple Gate.
Steven says: "You make a good point, but don't you remember how Archimicarus cried in Book Three?"
Connie says: "I thought that was because they lost the sword!"
Steven says: "No, she almost fell into the volcano!"
Steven says: "He was worried about her!"
Connie says: "But she had access to frost spells."
Steven says: "Yeah but Archimicarus didn't know that!"
Steven says: "Even birds can fall in love!"
Connie says: "I guess you could read it that way!"
The screen pans towards a crayon drawing in Steven's room, of Lisa and Archimicarus getting married. The star iris then zooms in on the drawing, ending the episode.
END.