Open Beach near Crystal Temple.
Pearl sets down a makeshift device on the sand and examines it.
Pearl says: "Hmm, this spot should be safe."
Pearl says: "*shouts to a distance* Amethyst, do you have the robonoid?"
Amethyst kicks the robonoid over to Pearl as Garnet follows her.
Amethyst says: "Yeah, don't worry about it."
Pearl says: "*annoyed* Amethyst, I just repaired that."
Amethyst steps on the robonoid, as it activates and tries to get up.
Amethyst says: "Yeah yeah, it's fine."
Pearl says: "Ugh!"
Pearl says: "Okay, we have everything we need for the experiment and Steven is home fast asleeeep?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Pearl looks down and sees Steven suddenly standing in front of her.
Steven says: "*waves* Hey guys."
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "It's way past your bed time!"
Pearl says: "You should really go back to the house!"
Steven says: "What?"
Steven says: "I don't want to miss..."
Steven says: "whatever this is."
Steven says: "What is this?"
Amethyst says: "Pearl got lonely, so she made herself a robot friend."
Pearl says: "It's not a robot friend, it's a robot disruptor."
Pearl says: "It should produce a localized energy blast so when Peridot shows up to..."
Pearl says: "meet with us, we'll have something that can knock out all her robonoids *places the robonoid in front of the device* Now stand back everyone!"
Pearl presses a button on a remote control and the device activates. It then emits a powerful EMP blast that knocks the Crystal Gems off their feet and shuts off all electricity in Beach City.
Steven says: "We did it!"
The robonoid, seemingly inactive, gets up unaffected. Amethyst moans in disappointment and Garnet face-palms.
Steven says: "Well, you knocked out all the lights in town."
Pearl says: "*a little embarrassed* Steven, that was not the point of the- *sighs* Alright, that was a start!"
Pearl says: "Now I'm going to need to take some parts out of the washing machine."
Pearl says: "Steven, you might have to wear the same shirt for a while."
Steven says: "No problem!"
Steven takes off his shirt, to reveal a second similar shirt underneath. The Gems stares at him, speechless.
Trans. Int. Beach House, Morning.
Steven wakes up in the morning in his bedroom. He walks to the refrigerator, half asleep and yawning, and reaches for a pack of "Microwavable Crying Breakfast Friends" in the freezer. He then pops it in the microwave and presses a button to turn it on, but nothing happens.
Steven opens the microwave by accident, hitting himself in the face.
Steven says: "Ow!"
Steven says: "Ugh..."
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "*takes the thawed food pack out of the microwave* What is the meaning of this?!"
Steven says: "!"
Loud knocking is suddenly heard at the door and Steven goes to open it.
Steven says: "Mayor Dewey?"
Mayor Dewey says: "Hello there."
Mayor Dewey says: "young Universe."
Mayor Dewey says: "Any of your..."
Mayor Dewey says: "sisters home?"
Steven says: "My sisters?"
Mayor Dewey says: "Your caretakers!"
Mayor Dewey says: "You know..."
Mayor Dewey says: "."
Mayor Dewey says: "the tall one, the purple one, the hot one."
Mayor Dewey says: "Look, the power is out and I've been mayor long enough to know they had something to do with it."
Steven says: "*confused* My sisters?"
Mayor Dewey says: "Is there anyone else I can talk to about this?"
Steven says: "*shouts into the house* Pearl!"
Pearl says: "Coming!"
Mayor Dewey blushes while fixing his collar.
Pearl says: "Oh, can I help you?"
Mayor Dewey says: "*dumbfounded* Yes."
Mayor Dewey says: "*comes to senses* Oh hi!"
Pearl says: "Oh, don't worry about that, the power should be back on as early as tonight or as late as..."
Pearl says: "never."
Mayor Dewey says: "Never coming back?!"
Mayor Dewey says: "!"
Pearl says: "Yes?"
Mayor Dewey says: "No, no, no!"
Mayor Dewey says: "It has to come back!"
Mayor Dewey says: "The people of Beach City can't handle a situation like this, they need their electronic distractions so they won't know that this town is a magnet for disaster!"
Pearl says: "Oh, don't be dramatic."
Pearl says: "I saw humans get on fine without power for millennia."
Pearl says: "You used to hunt and gather."
Pearl says: "*chuckles* What happened to that?"
Mayor Dewey says: "You don't understand, sure things seem calm now in the light of day but when the sun goes down, so does the town!"
Steven says: "He's right."
Steven says: "Mayor Dewey, this is our responsibility, we'll help you clean up this mess."
Garnet says: "*from inside the house* No we won't!"
Pearl leaves into the house.
Steven says: "I'll help you clean up this mess."
Mayor Dewey says: "Okay, but you're not getting paid."
Trans. Ext. the Big Donut.
Mayor Dewey drives Steven in his van and parks it outside the Big Donut.
Mayor Dewey says: "All right, we gotta go do damage control now or the boardies are going to get restless."
Steven says: "Boardies?"
Mayor Dewey gets off the van and walks up to Sadie and Lars, moving some boxes at the back of the building.
Mayor Dewey says: "Hello, youth resident of Beach City."
Sadie says: "Is everything all right?"
Lars says: "You mean besides the power knocking out the freezer?"
Lars says: "*throws a box of melted ice cream near a garbage bin* Ugh, and melting all this ice cream?"
Steven says: "*shocked* What?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "Ice cream!"
Steven says: "?"
Lars says: "It's a real pain in the- *sits on the boxes, accidentally staining his pants in melted ice cream* Gwahh!"
Lars says: "Ugh..."
Sadie says: "I'd offer you some but its pretty soupy."
Steven says: "Is this happening to ice cream all over town!"
Steven says: "?"
Steven says: "This really is a crisis!"
Mayor Dewey says: "*places his hand on Steven's shoulder* Now let's all calm down here, I have everything under control."
Steven says: "You do?"
Mayor Dewey says: "Of course!"
Mayor Dewey says: "The power will be back and the freezers will be working by sundown."
Mayor Dewey says: "No need to cry over..."
Mayor Dewey says: "frozen milk."
Mayor Dewey says: "Here."
Mayor Dewey says: "*hands Sadie a glow stick and an election button* I'll catch you kids on the side that flips."
Mayor Dewey says: "You take care now."
Steven says: "See ya later."
Sadie says: "Thanks for the glow stick."
Mayor Dewey and Steven get back inside the van.
Steven says: "So everything is going to be okay?"
Mayor Dewey says: "What?"
Mayor Dewey says: "No."
Steven says: "You lied to them?!"
Steven says: "!"
Mayor Dewey says: "Look Steven, it's not lying when you're the mayor, it's politics."
Steven says: "It is?"
Mayor Dewey says: "Of course it is."
Mayor Dewey says: "Let me tell you something, when you work for the government you can't control what happens in the world but you can control how people feel about."
Mayor Dewey says: "That's the real weight I carry, making the good people of Beach City feel better, safer, more secure."
Mayor Dewey says: "What's my other option?"
Mayor Dewey says: "Let the people panic and riot?"
Mayor Dewey says: "That didn't work out so well for Ocean Town."
Steven says: "I've never head of Ocean Town."
Mayor Dewey says: "Exactly, that's why you've got to give the people something to believe in."
Mayor Dewey says: "When they see my giant head on this car rolling down the boardwalk, they think "Here comes help!"
Mayor Dewey says: ""."
Mayor Dewey says: "Well, some people think "Here comes that exterminator guy."
Mayor Dewey says: "" But then they realize it's me: their mayor!"
Mayor Dewey says: "Have you seen that exterminator truck with a head on it?"
Mayor Dewey says: "He's totally copying me."
Steven says: "Uh..."
Mayor Dewey says: "*gives Steven a brown paper bag filled with election buttons and glow sticks* Here, take these."
Mayor Dewey drives up to the boardwalk in front of the Beach Citywalk Fries, where a large crowd of citizens are chattering among themselves in unrest, and parks his van. Everyone turn to look, as Mayor Dewey steps out of the van with a megaphone.
Mayor Dewey says: "*clears throat* Attention, my good citizens."
Mayor Dewey says: "As you may or may not be aware of, there is a power outage affecting all of Beach City Area proper."
Nanefua says: "*sarcastically* Oh, really."
Mayor Dewey says: "This problem is just a temporary one - not a big one at all."
Mayor Dewey says: "Things could be worse - we could be in Ocean Town."
Some uneasy glances and hushed laughs ripple through the crowd.
Mr. Fryman says: "*jokingly* Too soon!"
Mayor Dewey says: "Anyway, the power will be back on by sundown so in the meantime, just enjoy this beautiful, peaceful day outside."
Mayor Dewey says: "The power will be back on before you know it, I promise."
The crowd murmurs in approval.
Nanefua says: "I trust this man!"
Mayor Dewey says: "*whispers to Steven* Okay, make sure everyone gets a button and a glow stick."
Steven says: "*gives the Pizza family some buttons and glow sticks* Have a glow stick."
Steven says: "Here you go."
Steven says: "Uh, here."
Greg says: "Oh, hey, schtu-ball."
Greg says: "You get some sort of secret government internship I need to know about?"
Steven says: "*laughs nervously* Here."
Greg says: "Apparently you can't have too many 'Mayor Dewey' buttons."
Greg says: "Sounds like I'm not gonna be needing this glow stick though."
Greg says: "*returns the glow stick to Steven* See ya later, buddy!"
Steven says: "*dismayed* But..."
Steven says: "Dad!"
Steven says: "Noooo..."
Trans. Ext. Crystal Temple, Afternoon.
Steven returns back home and pauses by the stairs to look at the ocean. He starts climbing it, when he overhears the Gems talking on the porch.
Amethyst says: "So what if she shows up with more?"
Amethyst says: "I say we just mash 'em all!"
Garnet says: "It's not just the robonoids."
Garnet says: "According to Lapis, she's going to have backup."
Pearl says: "Who knows what she's going to have?"
Pearl says: "We won't stand a chance against their weapons."
Pearl says: "But, if we can just knock them out..."
Garnet says: "It's not about the robonoids, Pearl!"
Garnet says: "She's coming with other gems!"
Steven is shocked at Garnet's statement.
Amethyst says: "Says who?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Amethyst says: "Who cares!"
Amethyst says: "What does Lapis even know?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Steven climbs the stairs to the porch.
Garnet says: "Calm down, Amethyst!"
Amethyst says: "You calm downnnnn- *spots Steven* -uuhhh, hey!"
Pearl turns and sees Steven too, to her surprise.
Amethyst says: "*walks up to Steven* Look who it is!"
Amethyst says: "Iiiit's Steven!"
Amethyst says: "*laughs and put her arm around Steven's shoulders* Our best friend, Steven!"
Amethyst says: "What are you doing here, buddy?"
Steven says: "I live here?"
Steven says: "Is everything okay?"
Pearl says: "*nervously* Of course."
Garnet says: "In fact, we were just about to play..."
Garnet says: "cards."
Pearl says: "Yes!"
Pearl says: "Cards."
Amethyst says: "Wanna play "War?"
Amethyst says: ""  I mean..."
Amethyst says: ""Peace"?"
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Steven says: "But..."
Steven says: "how are we gonna play cards in the dark?"
Garnet says: "We can light a fire in the fireplace."
Pearl says: "Yes!"
Pearl says: "Like Early Man."
Amethyst says: "*ruffles Steven's hair* C'mon, "Early Man."
The Gems enter the house, but Steven remains outside. He looks through the windows and sees the Gems sitting down and continue to discuss among themselves. He then walks over to the rails of the porch and holds out his 'Mayor Dewey' button at the setting sun.
Mayor Dewey voiceover.
Steven says: "The town."
It is now night time. Electricity has yet to return to Beach City, as buildings such as the Big Donut, the Ferris wheel and the Funland Arcade remain unlit. The crowd of citizens grows more restless and angry, and begins to protest against Mayor Dewey at the boardwalk. Steven rushes in to observe the chaos.
Steven says: "Oh my gosh!"
Peedee says: "How come there's still no power?"
Jenny says: "You said it would be on by sundown!"
Mayor Dewey says: "*nervously* Everyone just calm down."
Mayor Dewey says: "I'm sure if we just talk rationally, we can come to an agreement."
Nanefua says: "No agreement!"
Nanefua says: "You promised us!"
Mr. Fryman says: "Without power, I can't take care of my family!"
Mr. Fryman says: "*gestures to Peedee* Well, this one's fine."
Mr. Fryman says: "*points to Ronaldo* But this one can't take care of himself."
Mayor Dewey says: "I'm sure the power will be on tomorrow..."
Mayor Dewey says: "I think..."
Mayor Dewey says: "Maybe."
Nanefua says: "Stop pulling our legs!"
Nanefua says: "You lied to us and you are lying again!"
The crowd roars in agreement.
Mayor Dewey says: "Please!"
Mayor Dewey says: "Consider things in Beach City!"
Mayor Dewey says: "Ow!"
The crowd starts to throw Mayor Dewey's buttons and glow sticks at him. Mayor Dewey quickly retreats into his van.
Nanefua says: "Tip the truck!"
Mr. Smiley, Mr. Fryman and Peedee rush forward and begin to push the van, while Buck Dewey helplessly watches. The crowd roars in approval as the van is successfully tipped over.
Steven says: "Ah!"
Steven says: "*climbs on top of the tipped van and shouts at the crowd* Everyone, please!"
The crowd is immediately silenced.
Steven says: "The power might not be back on tonight."
Steven says: "It might not even be back on for even a year!"
The crowd lets out cries of shock and dismay.
Steven says: "But I know that you're all going to be okay because I know each and every one of you."
Steven says: "You're smart, you're tough, and you're resourceful."
Steven says: "And you all care about each other more than you care about microwave dinners or video games or being able to see in the dark."
Steven says: "I know it'll hurt your businesses, I know it'll hurt your lives."
Steven says: "But are we really going to hurt each other?"
The crowd murmurs among themselves.
Steven says: "Of course not!"
Steven says: "We'll face the night together and we'll survive because we are the light of Beach City!"
The crowd cheers in approval.
Mayor Dewey says: "*climbs out of the van* Yes!"
Mayor Dewey says: "Thank you, Steven."
Mayor Dewey says: "I couldn't have said it better."
Nanefua says: "Don't try to worm your way out of this!"
Mayor Dewey says: "Oh!"
Mayor Dewey says: "No, no!"
Steven says: "It's okay!"
Steven says: "It's okay!"
Steven says: "Mayor Dewey was hiding things from you but he did it because he didn't want you to worry!"
Steven says: "He was just sheltering you from the truth because he..."
Steven says: "*suddenly realizes* He loves you."
The crowd nods and whispers in approval, and cheers for Mayor Dewey. Steven shakes his head with an epiphany and hops off the van.
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Steven returns home and see the Gems lounging around the living room couch, with the fireplace lit up, while Pearl is working on her device from before.
Pearl says: "*sees Steven* Oh, hey Steven."
Steven says: "Um..."
Steven says: "Do you guys wanna talk?"
Pearl says: "*nervously disconnects a part from her device* And why would we need to do that?"
Amethyst says: "Hey, Steven."
Amethyst says: "You still owe us a game of cards."
Garnet says: "*picks up several cards* Yeah, get in on this."
Steven says: "N-no!"
Steven says: "I don't wanna play cards."
Steven says: "I wanna talk about Peridot."
Pearl says: "Oh, well, yes."
Pearl says: "Everything is fine."
Steven says: "No it's not!"
Steven says: "I know it's not."
Steven says: "I know you just don't want me to be scared but just tell me the truth!"
The Gems silently stare at Steven for a moment.
Garnet says: "Peridot is coming."
Garnet says: "*sets the cards on the table* And we don't know who or what she'll be coming with."
Garnet says: "She's a modern gem with modern gem technology that's bound to overpower us."
Steven listens with shock.
Garnet says: "Steven, the truth is..."
Garnet says: "we're scared."
Steven says: "We've been scared before, right?"
Steven says: "None of us know what's going to happen, but..."
Steven says: "that's okay."
Steven says: "We can figure things out - together."
The Gems all nod silently in agreement. The power in the house suddenly turns back on, as well the entire Beach City, as the episode ends.
END.