Open Lighthouse Hill.
Steven, riding atop Lion, overlooks Beach City from the top of the hill.
Steven says: "Good old Beach City, but so much has changed lately."
Steven and Lion walk about the town. They pass by Beach Citywalk Fries, when Mayor Nanefua is informing the citizens about an evacuation route.
Steven says: "I guess after all those abductions everything couldn't just return to normal."
Steven waves to Sadie, Buck, and Sour Cream as they pass by.
Steven says: "With Sadie rocking out and Lars in space, I can't even enjoy my regular snack at the Big Donut."
Steven says: "What am I gonna do for breakfast now?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven leans onto Lion's head and groans gloomily. Lion stops and hurls Steven off his back onto the ground, when Steven hears a door chime nearby. He turns and sees two customers leaving the Big Donut with food in hand.
Steven says: "Wait a minute."
Steven says: "Big Donut is still open?"
Steven enters the Big Donut and gasps in surprise.
Garnet says: "*standing behind the counter, wearing a Big Donut uniform* Hello!"
Garnet says: "Welcome to the Big Donut!"
Steven says: "Garnet?"
Steven says: "*walks up to the counter* I have so many questions."
Garnet says: "Just one moment."
Garnet says: "You'll have to wait your turn."
Garnet skillfully fills a paper bag full of donuts and hands them to a customer, completing the transaction. She then turns to Steven.
Garnet says: "Welcome to the Big Donut."
Garnet says: "Tell me how I may serve you."
Steven says: "I never thought I'd see you working here."
Steven says: "Have we fallen on hard times?"
Garnet says: "Oh, Steven."
Garnet says: "This isn't about making ends meet."
Garnet says: "This is about being random."
Steven says: "Are you serious?"
Garnet says: "Oh, yes!"
Steven says: "I..."
Steven says: "don't understand."
Garnet pours coffee into a cup, and then spills the coffee from the cup onto the counter.
Garnet says: "*points at the streams of spilled coffee* My future vision allows me to see down the rivers of possibility, granting me insight into the possible realities our actions move us towards."
Garnet says: "But that doesn't mean I can predict everything."
Garnet says: "What I'm interested in are these extremely unlikely realities, so disconnected from the natural course of events that I can't detect them."
Garnet says: "*points at a pool of coffee, disconnected from the rest of the spill* When we act in unnatural ways, we create new, unforeseen paths, and arrive at these pools of improbability."
Steven says: "Oh, so you want to do stuff you usually don't just to see what happens?"
Garnet says: "*smiles and gives a thumbs-up* I didn't foresee you understanding that."
Steven says: "So, are we gonna clean up that coffee?"
Garnet says: "That's what we'd normally do."
Garnet says: "Let's see what happens to the world when we don't."
Steven and Garnet watch a drop of coffee fall off the edge of the counter onto the floor.
Garnet says: "We are now dwelling in a totally new pool of improbability."
Garnet says: "My future vision is useless here."
Steven says: "I'm scared..."
Steven says: "but intrigued."
Garnet says: "That's the spirit!"
Garnet says: "Let's get even more intriguing!"
Garnet says: "*somersaults over the counter* I quit!"
Garnet says: "*enlarges her muscles, bursting apart her uniform* Come, Steven!"
Steven and Garnet exit the Big Donut, leaving the remaining customers puzzled.
Steven says: "So, what now?"
Garnet says: "Hmm..."
Garnet says: "Instead of selling food, let's order some."
Steven says: "Like what?"
Garnet says: "Let's do..."
Garnet says: "pizza."
Steven says: "Now you're talking my language!"
Steven says: "*pulls out his phone* Ordering now!"
Steven calls Fish Stew Pizza, and Kiki answers the phone at the restaurant.
Kiki says: "Fish Stew Pizza."
Steven says: "Uh, I want to order a pizza."
Garnet says: "10 pizzas!"
Steven says: "No, 20 pizzas!"
Steven says: "Toppings?"
Steven says: "Um..."
Steven says: "*smiles at Garnet* Surprise me."
Garnet says: "*smiles and gives a thumbs-up* Now you're getting it!"
Steven says: "I guess deliver it to the Temple."
Steven says: "No..."
Steven says: "That's just what they'll be expecting."
Garnet says: "Go weirder!"
Steven says: "Deliver it to the ocean."
Steven says: "No, no, no, to Kansas!"
Steven says: "No, to the moon!"
Kiki says: "I don't think that's within our delivery radius."
Garnet says: "Remember."
Garnet says: "Improbable, not impossible."
Steven says: "Where's the last place they'd expect to deliver a pizza?"
Steven says: "Oh!"
Steven says: "Deliver it to..."
Steven says: "Fish Stew Pizza."
Kiki says: "So, like, this is for pick-up?"
Trans. Beach City Boardwalks.
Steven and Garnet are walking along the boardwalk, each carrying several boxes of pizza.
Garnet says: "Now think, Steven, about what you typically do when you obtain pizza."
Steven says: "Hmm..."
Steven says: "Eat it?"
Garnet says: "In this timeline, we do the opposite of that."
Garnet says: "Hey, you!"
Garnet says: "Have a pizza!"
Passerby says: "*falls over catching the pizza and grunts* Hey, thanks!"
Steven and Garnet give out pizza to various people, such as Peedee, Mr. Smiley, and a flock of seagulls.
Trans. Near Onion's House.
Garnet says: "One more pizza to deliver."
Steven says: "Hey, Vidalia's house is around here."
Steven says: "Let's bring her the last pie."
Garnet says: "Now, that would be nice."
Garnet says: "She must be upset that her son was taken into space by those Homeworld Gems."
Steven says: "You mean Onion?"
Steven says: "He isn't in space."
Steven says: "He's right over there."
Onion is seen sneaking behind them, with a large sack slung over his shoulder, and he jumps over a fence.
Garnet says: "Sorry, I-I must be thinking of a different timeline."
Steven says: "O..."
Steven says: "kay..."
Steven says: "Well, I'm sure Vidalia would still like some pizza even if her kid is still on Earth."
Steven says: "Let's go swing by."
Steven and Garnet arrive at the front door of Vidalia's house.
Garnet says: "*knocks on the door* Mother Onion!"
Garnet says: "Open up!"
Vidalia says: "In the garage!"
Garnet says: "*somersaults into the garage and poses* Get excited for pizza!"
Steven says: "*rolls into Garnet and gets up* We got pepper flakes, and we're not afraid to use 'em!"
Vidalia says: "*hides behind a painting* Ahh!"
Vidalia says: "Wait a minute."
Vidalia says: "Steven?"
Vidalia says: "What are you guys doing here?"
Vidalia says: "Trying to scare me to death?"
Steven says: "Oh, sorry."
Steven says: "We were just trying to bring you a pizza in the most unlikely way possible."
Steven says: "Want a slice?"
Garnet opens the pizza box.
Vidalia says: "Sure, I could use a break."
Vidalia says: "I've been working on this still life of a step stool, but I just don't feel inspired."
Garnet says: "*closes the pizza box, hands it to Steven, poses on the step stool* Paint me like one of your Amethysts."
Steven says: "*poses alongside Garnet* Paint me, too!"
Vidalia says: "So you wanna be my muse, eh?"
Steven says: "If it's not too much trouble."
Steven says: "*changes pose* I promise to be very inspiring."
Vidalia says: "Hmm..."
Vidalia says: "Yeah, I think this is just what I needed."
Vidalia says: "*picks up a pencil* Strike a pose!"
Steven and Garnet strike a new pose, with Garnet holding Steven in her hand.
Garnet says: "It's struck."
Vidalia says: "Okay, don't move."
Vidalia says: "I need to capture your essence."
Vidalia draws for a period of time, and Steven begins to get uncomfortable maintaining the pose.
Steven says: "*sweating and groaning* Garnet?"
Steven says: "How long do you see me holding still?"
Garnet says: "Who knows?"
A clanging noise is heard. Garnet turns and notices a one-eyed cat sifting through a fallen garbage can outside.
Steven says: "Uhh, Garnet?"
Garnet says: "Steven, look."
Steven notices the cat too, who runs away after seeing them.
Steven says: "Ba-ba-b-b-baby kitten?"
Steven says: "Is it possible that we chase that sweet cat?"
Garnet says: "It- it's up to you, Steven."
Steven says: "Yes?"
Garnet says: "*starts sweating* Don't ask me."
Garnet says: "Tell me!"
Steven says: "Mmm..."
Steven says: "Yes!"
Steven says: "Whoa!"
Garnet tosses Steven onto her head and dashes out of the garage.
Vidalia says: "Huh?"
Steven says: "Sorry, Vidalia!"
Steven says: "Maybe next time!"
Vidalia says: "But wait!"
Vidalia says: "Your essence!"
Steven and Garnet catches up to the cat walking down the streets. It notices them and runs ahead, prompting the two to sprint after it.
Trans. Near Water Tower.
Steven and Garnet chase the cat as it slips through a hole in some shrubs.
Steven says: "That's one fast kitten."
Steven says: "You think we can catch it?"
Garnet says: "If we don't lose sight of it."
Steven and Garnet crawl after the cat through the shrubs. The cat, Steven and Garnet then arrive in a forest clearing, where the cat jumps into another bush. Steven and Garnet peek into the bush and see the cat, along with another four kittens of its size, meowing at the pair.
Steven says: "Aww..."
Steven says: "There's more of them."
Steven says: "Aww..."
Steven says: "And they have no food."
Steven says: "Aww..."
Steven says: "And they have no one to take care of them!"
Steven says: "Garnet, we got to help these kittens."
Steven begins picking up the kittens and handing them to Garnet.
Steven says: "Look at you!"
Steven says: "You're just babies."
Steven says: "Who knows what would've happened to them if we didn't find them?"
Steven says: "Everything's gonna be just fine."
Steven says: "We've got you."
Steven says: "Here's the last one."
Steven says: "Or- Wait."
Steven picks up the one-eyed cat.
Steven says: "All right, I think we got to stop being random and figure out what we can do for these kittens."
Steven says: "Garnet, can you use your future vision?"
Steven says: "What should we do next?"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Garnet?"
Steven turns around and sees Garnet sweating anxiously, with the cat clinging all over her.
Garnet says: "There's so many..."
Garnet says: "cats."
Garnet says: "So many..."
Garnet says: "possibilities."
Steven says: "It's too much, uh- Okay, can you focus on one?"
Steven says: "*holds up the one-eyed cat to Garnet* What's this one's future?"
Garnet says: "I..."
Garnet says: "I..."
Garnet says: "I don't know!"
Garnet says: "I don't know anything anymore!"
Soft thunder noises are heard overhead as it begins to rain.
Steven says: "Are you okay?"
Garnet says: "Steven, lately, I've felt so lost."
Steven says: "Don't worry."
Steven says: "I remember the way back to town."
Garnet says: "Oh, it's not just that."
Garnet says: "It's you."
Garnet says: "You've made so many decisions I didn't expect: giving yourself up to Homeworld, coming back through Lion's mane."
Garnet says: "The future that you created was so improbable that I didn't see it coming at all, and now I can't understand where this timeline is going."
Garnet says: "We're on the outskirts of the possible, following trickles to who knows where."
Garnet says: "Everyone's looking to me for answers."
Garnet says: "I can't stand it!"
Garnet says: "It's so hard for me to just exist in the first place, Steven."
Garnet says: "I want to love being alive."
Garnet says: "I want to love that there are so many possibilities, but I'm the one with this ability, so I've got to be our guide."
Garnet says: "I thought, if I could use my future vision to jump into improbable futures, I could get out ahead of the next big, unexpected change, but I don't know what I'm doing here!"
Garnet says: "I can't tell what's probable anymore!"
Garnet says: "Anything could happen!"
Garnet says: "Anything could happen to these cats!"
Steven says: "That's true, but maybe instead of thinking of all the things that could happen, let's just pick the thing we want to happen and do that."
Steven says: "*smiles and holds up the one-eyed cat* So, what do you want to happen next?"
Garnet says: "I want..."
Garnet says: "to get these cats out of the rain."
Steven says: "*summons his shield over the group* And then what?"
Garnet smiles in reassurance.
Trans Int. Vidalia's Garage.
Steven is speaking on the phone, Garnet is sitting by a box with the kittens, and Vidalia is standing nearby.
Steven says: "Okay, sounds good."
Steven says: "Thank you so much."
Steven says: "*hangs up* Great news."
Steven says: "The shelter has a foster program."
Steven says: "They said they can pick up the cats tomorrow."
Garnet says: "Thank goodness."
Vidalia says: "Whew."
Vidalia says: "Glad to hear it!"
Steven says: "*turns to the cats in the box* How are you little guys holding up?"
Steven says: "Anyone need to use the bathroom?"
Steven says: "Make a phone call?"
Steven says: "*lets a cat licks his finger, and giggles* You guys are gonna be just fine."
Garnet says: "*smiles* I think I get it."
Steven says: "Hmm?"
Garnet says: "Why my future vision has been so off."
Garnet says: "I have to change the way I think about you."
Steven says: "What?"
Garnet says: "I've been looking into probable futures where you act like a child."
Garnet says: "I keep expecting you to run from responsibility and to turn to me for help, but you don't do that anymore."
Garnet says: "Those futures aren't probable at all."
Garnet says: "There's nothing wrong with this timeline or my future vision."
Garnet says: "I just need to factor in, that you've grown up."
Steven says: "*chuckles and puts the cat in the box* I guess I have, but it's only because I'm trying to be more like you."
Steven says: "You always know what to do."
Garnet says: "Not always."
The one-eyed cat jumps off a table and Garnet catches it.
Garnet says: "Okay, most of the time."
Garnet says: "*holds up the cat* I want to adopt this one."
Garnet says: "There's something about her."
Steven says: "Really?"
Steven says: "Is that a probable future?"
Garnet says: "It is now."
Garnet says: "Besides, I've missed having someone cute and vulnerable to take care of."
Garnet says: "*strokes the cat* I think I'll call her "Steven."
Steven says: "Isn't that gonna get confusing?"
Garnet says: "All right, then."
Garnet says: "Cat Steven."
Steven says: "Oh, my gosh!"
Steven says: "Wow!"
Steven says: "Oh, okay."
Steven says: "This is the best!"
Vidalia says: "*returns with a painting* What, you're adopting one?!"
Vidalia says: "!"
Vidalia says: "Too bad I couldn't get her in your portrait!"
Vidalia says: "Which I managed to finish, by the way."
Steven says: "*gasps* Really?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "What about our essence?"
Vidalia says: "Well, I fudged it, but I think I got it."
Vidalia shows Steven and Garnet their portrait, and they gasp in delight.
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Back home, Cat Steven is sleeping atop a sleeping Lion in Steven's room, and the portrait of Steven and Garnet is seen leaning against the bed, as the star iris closes in on it.
END.