Steven stands at the door of the Conservatory. Garnet, Amethyst and Pearl walk up the stairs to meet him. Garnet and Amethyst are holding bags of dirt, and Pearl is holding a small bucket. Amethyst gives one of the bags to Steven.
Amethyst says: "We got your dirt, dude!"
Steven says: "Thanks, guys; come on in."
The trio follow him inside and are greeted by a plethora of blossoming plants.
All says: "Wooow!"
Amethyst says: "How much magic spit did it take to grow all these plants?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Steven says: "*chuckles* I grew these the old-fashioned way."
Garnet says: "So this is what you've been doing since you left Little Homeschool."
Steven says: "Yeah, working at the school was great, but I dunno if it's my calling."
Steven says: "Besides, watching the Off Colors graduate was so bittersweet."
Pearl says: "Well I think this is a wonderful way to get into some much-needed 'you' time."
Steven says: "'Me' time?"
Steven says: "I'm hardly alone."
Steven says: "*crouches to look at a blue flower* This lil' smartie is named Connie."
Steven says: "*other plants are shown as he continues to name them* This onion's name is - Onion."
Steven says: "And these perennials always come back."
Steven says: "That one's Sadie, and the rest are her band."
Steven says: "'Daisy Clover and the Shrub-spects'."
Steven says: "I named this one Lars."
Steven says: "*baby-talk voice* You're stuck in da ground, aren't cha?"
Steven says: "Not gonna zip into space and leave evwy'one behind, isn't that right?"
Garnet and Pearl look on in concern, as Amethyst holds up a wad of dirt.
Amethyst says: "Uhhh, Steven?"
Garnet says: "This may not be the healthiest approach to your new hobby."
Steven says: "I'm just - havin' a lil' fun, that's all!"
Steven says: "B-but seriously, everything's going great."
Pearl says: "In that case, we'll leave you to it!"
Amethyst says: "Have fun with your plants, dude."
The three of them exit the building. Garnet peeks in again briefly.
Garnet says: "You should keep a close eye on your cactus."
The door shuts. Steven turns around to look at a small, solitary cactus which sits atop a wooden table.
Steven says: "Huh..."
Steven says: "?"
Steven says: "*sighs* What am I doing?"
Steven says: "Is this really my thing now?"
Steven says: "*looks down at the cactus* Plants?"
He uses a small scalpel to remove the top of the cactus.
Steven says: "Garnet, Amethyst and Pearl aren't even impressed."
Steven says: "Guess plants aren't as cool as liberating the galaxy..."
He sets the cactus aside and fills another pot with dirt. He looks to the cactus top in his hand.
Steven says: "Now!"
Steven says: "Have to give you a home."
Steven says: "*pokes the cactus* Ah!"
Steven says: "Yowch..."
Steven puts his injured finger in his mouth to relieve the pain, and a close up of his mouth is shown. As he removes his finger, the spit on the end of it sparkles. He then picks up the cactus by two spines and places it in the pot.
Steven says: "There ya go."
Steven says: "*brushes off his hands* That should do it."
Steven says: "*stomach growls* Ooh- sounds like lunch time."
Steven says: "I'll be back later to check on ya."
He leaves the building. The cactus is shown in the foreground and a high, ominous tone plays. Cut to Steven returning to the greenhouse with a watering can.
Steven says: "*gasps and throws aside the watering can* Ohmigosh!"
Steven says: "Did I bring my cactus to life?!"
Steven says: "!"
Cactus says: "Woof, woof woof!"
Cut to the Crystal Gems in the Beach House taking a groupie. Steven enters the house.
Steven says: "Hey guys look what I made!"
Amethyst says: "I thought you weren't using spit on your plants?"
Steven says: "No, no I'm not!"
Steven says: "I guess I accidentally got some on this piece of cactus I was trying to plant, though."
Amethyst says: "*squints suspiciously* A likely story."
Garnet says: "That cactus really bounced back."
Pearl says: "He's a survivor, just like you."
Amethyst says: "Aww, and he's got a lumpy head like you!"
Amethyst says: "Let's call him, 'Cactus Steven."
Steven says: "Cactus Steven, huh?"
Steven says: "Call me conceited, but I like it!"
Pearl says: "Is he..."
Pearl says: "okay?"
Steven says: "Oh..."
Steven says: "yeah, I think he just wants some sunlight."
Steven says: "I think I could use some, too."
Cut to the beach at sunset. Steven and Cactus Steven sit beside one another on the sand.
Steven says: "This beach- it never changes."
Steven says: "I mean, a lot has changed."
Steven says: "I'm trying to be cool about it, but it feels weird."
Steven says: "Everyone's moving on, a-and I should be too, I gave up running a school but- now I don't know what comes next."
Steven says: "Y'know?"
Steven says: "It's probably better that I'm not running the school anymore."
Steven says: "But who am I to decide what's best for all those Gem students?"
Steven says: "*gets up and takes some steps away* They're better off learning from Garnet, Amethyst and Pearl."
Steven says: "I used to be helpful, but the Gems don't need me anymore."
Steven says: "Agh!"
Steven says: "Why do I need to be needed?"
Steven says: "Steeeven, pull it together!"
Cactus Steven looks on sadly. Steven looks to Cactus Steven apologetically.
Steven says: "Awh, I'm so sorry to dump all of this on you."
Steven says: "Aww, let's go home."
Cut to Conservatory. Steven is watering his plants.
Steven says: "Goood morning Ronaldo!"
Steven says: "Good morning, Nanafua."
Steven says: "And a special good morning- augh!"
Steven says: "*falls out of a flower bush* -to you, Cactus Steven!"
Steven says: "Woow, you've really sprouted up overnight!"
Cactus Steven's shape now more distinctly resembles that of Steven's head.
Cactus Steven says: "*grumbles* Good morning to you!"
Steven says: "Huh?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "D-did you just speak?"
Cactus Steven says: "*raspy* Woow, you've really sprouted up overnight!"
Steven says: "Ahh, this is too much!"
Cut to the Gems on the couch engaged in various activities. Steven descends the stairs.
Pearl says: "Oh, hello Steven."
Pearl says: "Hello Cactus Steven."
Steven says: "Hey Pearl."
Steven says: "You have to see this!"
Cactus Steven says: "Hay Pearl!"
Gems says: "Whooa!"
Amethyst says: "That is sooo cute!"
Garnet says: "He's quite the talker."
Pearl says: "And he said my name!"
Steven says: "I think he's learning to speak by copying me."
Cactus Steven says: "Hi, Pearl!"
Cactus Steven says: "Why should anyone lithen to me?"
Cactus Steven says: "I'm tryna be cool about it, but it feels so weird!"
Steven says: "Ohh my goshhh."
Amethyst says: "Steven, your cactus seems really down on itself."
Steven covers Cactus Steven's mouth then abruptly pulls his hand away.
Steven says: "Ouch!"
Cactus Steven says: "Steeeven, pull it togetherr!"
Pearl says: "Steven- are you okay?"
Steven rushes upstairs with the cactus.
Cactus Steven says: "Why do I need to be needed?"
Cactus Steven says: "Whyy do I need to be needed?!"
Cactus Steven says: "!"
The Gems look at each other, worried. Cut to the Conservatory. Steven sets Cactus Steven on the table.
Steven says: "What was that?"
Steven says: "Why'd you say that stuff, huh?"
Cactus Steven says: "Why'd you say that stuff, huuh?!"
Cactus Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "Because!"
Steven says: "I thought I could talk to you."
Steven says: "I can't tell Pearl how I feel, 'cause she'll blame herself, and spiral outta control, and I'll have to pick up the pieces."
Steven says: "And- I don't want any more 'high and mighty' advice from Garnet."
Steven says: "I just want to know better for once."
Steven says: "A-and I'm so sick of Amethyst acting like she's sooo mature now."
Cactus Steven says: "She's sooo mature now!"
Steven says: "Pff, I know, it's like get over yourself."
Steven says: "*gasps* Please don't repeat any of that."
Cactus Steven says: "I thought I could talk to you!"
Steven places a box over Cactus' head.
Cactus Steven says: "*muffled* Why'd you say all that?"
Cactus Steven says: "Why'd!"
Steven says: "Oh you know why'd."
Steven says: "*exits the conservatory and sighs* I can't let anybody find out about this."
Amethyst says: "Find out about what?"
Steven says: "Th-th- nothing!"
Amethyst says: "Are you okay, Steven?"
Steven says: "Y-y-yeah!"
Steven says: "B-uhh, why do you ask?"
Amethyst says: "Uhmm, well, it just seems like you've been having a hard time since you left Homeschool, and uh..."
Amethyst says: "just figured I should check in."
Steven says: "Yeah, no, I-I'm fine."
Steven says: "That- I've just got some..."
Steven says: "some stuff on my mind."
Steven says: "Nothin' a little green-thumbing won't fix."
Amethyst says: "Okay, if you need any help, just, let us know, y'know?"
Steven says: "Yeah."
Steven says: "I know..."
Cut to nighttime. The door to the conservatory is shown with a piece of paper taped to it. It shows a drawing of Cactus Steven with a thermometer in his mouth and reads, "CACTUS STEVEN NEEDS REST! NO VISITORS, PLEASE!" Steven sits inside the conservatory.
Steven says: "*sighs* Now the Gems are all worried about me."
Steven says: "*approaches the table* Hm?"
An ominous tone plays and Cactus Steven continues to cry. Steven goes to lift the box but Cactus Steven throws it aside before he can, yelling in frustration. Cactus Steven looks lumpier and more lopsided, and has sprouted a stubby right arm.
Steven says: "Yikes!"
Steven says: "Ohh no, Cactus Steven, you look so messed-up."
Steven says: "What's wrong with you?"
Cactus Steven says: "What's wrong with you?!"
Cactus Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "What's wrong is that you're making me look like a fool!"
Cactus Steven says: "*points at Steven* Fool!!"
Steven says: "I wish you wouldn't talk!"
Cactus Steven says: "I wish you wouldn't talk!!"
Steven begins to glow pink in anger.
Steven says: "Nnghh, STOP IT!!!"
Pearl says: "*offscreen* Steeven?"
Pearl says: "Are you coming to dinner?"
Steven says: "*silently places C."
Steven says: "S."
Steven says: "on the table* Y-yeah!"
Steven says: "I'm coming!"
Cactus Steven's size increases as Steven leaves the room. Cut to Steven asleep. A crash causes him to wake up.
Cut to the conservatory. Part of the glass is broken and several plants lay in disarray.
Steven says: "Cactus Stevennn..."
Steven says: "?"
Steven follows a trail of needles into his bedroom. He hesitantly enters the room.
Steven says: "C'mon, cactus buddy..."
Cactus Steven growls and rises up from behind him underneath a blanket. As the blanket falls away it's revealed that he has grown to match Steven's height and only his foot remains in his pot.
Cactus Steven says: "Steevennn!"
Steven is startled and falls down the stairs onto the floor below. Cactus Steven follows suit and nearly crushes Steven.
Steven says: "Oof-!"
Steven says: "Cactus Steven, you need to get back to your home."
Cactus Steven says: "You need to get back to your home!"
Steven says: "Wha- ah- this is my home!"
Steven says: "Just get out!"
Steven says: "*begins pushing C."
Steven says: "S."
Steven says: "away* Ahh!"
Cactus Steven says: "Raah!"
Steven says: "Ow, cut it out!"
Cactus Steven says: "*stops, approaches Steven* Just get out!"
Steven says: "Don't come any closer-!"
Cactus Steven says: "Steeeven!!"
Steven says: "Stop!"
Steven thrusts C.S. away using his shield, slamming C.S. against the door of the house.
Steven says: "*gasps* Sorry!"
Cactus Steven stands, the shield now lodged in his shoulder. He dislodges it, leaving a large gash, and throws the shield back at Steven, hitting him squarely in the face. C.S. throws a plate off the nearby table, breaking it. He flips the table.
Cactus Steven says: "This is my home!"
Steven says: "He's going berserk!!"
The Gems walk ascend the steps to the porch outside.
Steven says: "*gasps* The Gems!"
Cactus Steven says: "The Gems don't need me anymore!"
Steven says: "Those are my real private thoughts!"
Steven says: "I can't let them hear this..."
Steven runs to the door to meet the Gems just before they can enter.
Steven says: "Hey guys, uhh, everything's great and totally normal but why don't you come back in uhh, let's say a couple hours for no reason whatsoever OKAY BYE!"
Steven says: "*slams the door and runs to fend off C."
Steven says: "S."
The Gems barge in with their weapons at the ready.
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "We'll help you."
Cactus Steven says: "I can't tell Pearl how I feel, 'cause she'd blame herself!"
Pearl says: "What-?"
Steven says: "Uh ha, I have no idea why he's saying that."
Cactus Steven says: "Just- get- out!!"
C.S. runs toward the Gems. Garnet punches him in one arm, causing it to go flying and hit the fridge. The arm grows tendrils and 'stands' upright.
She is hit in the face by C.S.'s leg, the pot shattering as she is hit, revealing his roots. Garnet delivers another punch to his stomach, sending him flying. He slams against the kitchen sink, breaking it and causing water to gush from the pipes. The arm launches itself at Pearl but she skewers it with her spear; the arm then puffs itself up and explodes, causing needles to fly out everywhere. Pearl yells in pain. The water from the broken sink is absorbed by C.S. and his body expands. He forms new limbs and faces all over his body, and growls. The Gems and Steven look on in horror.
Cactus Steven says: "The Gems don't need me!"
Cactus Steven says: "*pieces of the house fall as he stomps the ground* I thought I could talk to you."
Amethyst says: "Be quiet!"
C.S. breaks through a rafter as he falls. He growls and his roots extend to grab Amethyst.
Cactus Steven says: "Cut it out!!"
Garnet and Pearl run up to take him on; Pearl's spear gets stuck in C.S.'s side. C.S. tries to shake her off and attempts to punch her.
Pearl says: "Why is it so durable?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Garnet says: "The cactus is Earth's most resilient plant!"
Garnet lands a punch on his leg, causing him to release more spines.
Pearl says: "G-ge- Garnet!"
Her spear is dislodged and she falls to the floor. Amethyst scales the ceiling, her whip in her mouth.
Garnet says: "Give up!"
Garnet says: "You can't win this fight!"
Cactus Steven says: "I can't hear any more 'high and mighty' advice from Garnet!"
Amethyst says: "Sneak attack!"
Cactus Steven says: "I'm so sick of Amethyst acting like she's sooo mature now!"
Amethyst says: "Why's it being so- weirdly specific?"
Amethyst is smashed between C.S.'s halves and falls to the floor. The three Gems are thrown to the wall with a swipe of C.S.'s hand.
All says: "Aauuh!"
Steven says: "He's repeating me!"
Steven says: "He's repeating everything I said to him."
Steven says: "*gasps* He's copying me."
Steven says: "Th-that's it!"
Steven says: "Guys, stand back, I've got an idea!"
Steven says: "Cactus Steven, get a load of this!"
Steven says: "I'm sorry I mistreated you."
Steven says: "I know you didn't mean to hurt anyone- you're just learning from the only role model you've got: me!"
Steven says: "I should've given you more of the love and kindness that you deserve."
Steven says: "So..."
Steven says: "who wants a hug?"
Cactus Steven says: "Huh?"
Steven says: "*hugs C."
Steven says: "S."
Amethyst says: "*pointing* Look!"
Pink flowers bloom all over C.S.'s body.
Cactus Steven says: "I'm sorry."
Steven says: "*teary-eyed, covered in spikes* Ohhhkay..."
Steven says: "C'mon, big guy."
Steven says: "Why don't I take you back to the dome?"
Cactus Steven says: "No!"
Steven says: "W-wait!"
Steven says: "Where are you going?"
Steven says: "Please don't leave, I-I'll fix up the dome extra nice for you!"
C.S. picks a flower off his own back and offers it to Steven. Steven takes it. C.S. bursts out of the front of the house.
Amethyst says: "Hey- dude?"
Pearl says: "Is there anything you need to talk about..."
Pearl says: "?"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "I think I've said enough."
END.