Open Int. Beach House.
Steven is seen looking in despair at a photo of Connie on the shelf in his room. He slumps against the wall and lies onto his bed, sighing in remorse.
Steven says: "She'll call when she's ready."
Steven says: "For now, you just have to let go."
Steven lifts himself up and keeps his phone. He then hops off his bed and glances at his ukulele by his bed.
Trans. Ext. Crystal Temple.
Steven makes his way to the beach, dragging his ukulele across the sand. He approaches the hand statue sticking out in the sand and sits in the shade under it. He then look up into the sky and start strumming his ukulele.
Steven's phone suddenly starts buzzing, interrupting his song, and Steven, startled, screams as he fumbles to take his phone out of his pocket.
Steven says: "Okay, Universe."
Steven says: "This is it!"
Steven says: "Connie's finally ready to talk."
Steven says: "No expectations."
Steven says: "Just let her say what she needs to say!"
Steven looks down at his phone, only to realize that it is actually Peridot who is video-calling him. Steven sighs in dismay and answers her call.
Peridot says: "Steven!"
Peridot says: "*chuckles* It's us!"
Lapis comes into frame.
Steven says: "Oh, hi, Peridot."
Steven says: "Hi, Lapis."
Peridot says: "Don't forget Pumpkin!"
Peridot holds up Pumpkin and she barks excitedly.
Steven says: "*chuckles* Hi, Pumpkin!"
Peridot says: "*turns to Lapis* I told you he'd answer."
Lapis says: "It's so good to see you."
Lapis says: "I'm glad you're okay."
Peridot says: "Lapis was worried you lost your phone on Homeworld, but I said, "No way!"
Peridot says: "He's probably just ignoring us."
Steven says: "*blushes* Sorry, guys."
Steven says: "There's been..."
Steven says: "a lot going on."
Peridot says: "Like what?"
Peridot says: "Tell us!"
Peridot says: "No, no, no, no."
Peridot says: "Tell us about space!"
Lapis says: "And start from the beginning."
Steven says: "Uhh, ok."
Steven says: "I was trying to protect Beach City, so I surrendered myself to Homeworld, and I was put in a big, empty room, and I ended up on trial in front of the Diamonds!"
Lapis says: "On trial?!"
Lapis says: "!"
Peridot says: "What?"
Lapis says: "In front of the Diamonds?!"
Lapis says: "!"
Steven says: "Yeah, and..."
Lapis says: "You were in front of Blue Diamond?!"
Lapis says: "!"
Steven says: "And Yellow!"
Steven says: "But it's okay."
Steven says: "I escaped in a palanquin and went underground and..."
Lapis says: "You ran from Blue and Yellow Diamond!"
Lapis says: "?"
Steven says: "Yes."
Lapis says: "Peridot, We have to leave Earth, now!"
Lapis quickly hangs up the video call.
Steven says: "Uh-oh..."
Trans. Ext. The Barn.
Peridot, Lapis, and Pumpkin are seen standing outside the barn, while Pumpkin is barking frantically.
Peridot says: "Wait."
Peridot says: "We can't leave."
Peridot says: "What about all our crops?"
Steven comes running in towards Lapis and Peridot from behind.
Steven says: "Guys?"
Lapis says: "Ughh."
Lapis says: "The vegetables will have to deal."
Peridot says: "Okay, okay, but, uhh..."
Peridot says: "We're only half-way through our rewatch of "CPH" Season four."
Lapis says: "We'll bring the box set with us."
Peridot says: "..."
Peridot says: "But, how are we gonna watch it without the TV?"
Lapis says: "We'll bring the TV."
Steven says: "Uhh, Lapis?"
Lapis says: "Huh?"
Steven says: "Peridot?"
Lapis says: "Oh, Steven."
Lapis says: "Good."
Lapis says: "Let's go."
Steven says: "Wait, what?"
Lapis says: "We'll find some remote spot in the universe to hide out in."
Lapis says: "The Diamonds will never find us."
Steven says: "Lapis, don't worry."
Steven says: "They're looking for me on Homeworld."
Steven says: "They don't know I'm here."
Steven says: "We're safe."
Peridot says: "Yeah!"
Peridot says: "Come on, we've gotten away with worse."
Peridot says: "They've never been able to hunt me down for my many crimes against them."
Lapis says: "This is different!"
Lapis says: "Steven is important, and our transgressions are piling up!"
Lapis says: "*puts her hand on Peridot's shoulder* They're going to take their anger out on this planet, just like they did before."
Lapis says: "I can't."
Lapis says: "*grasps Peridot's shoulder tightly* I won't let myself get caught up in another war."
Pumpkin hides behind Peridot, whimpering anxiously.
Steven says: "I don't want you to leave, but, I won't ask you guys to stay if you don't feel safe."
Steven says: "If you have to go..."
Steven says: "I understand."
Lapis says: "..."
Lapis says: "Right."
Lapis says: "Peridot, if you want the TV, levitate it over here."
Peridot runs inside the barn and returns, struggling to carry a "meep morp" in her arms.
Peridot says: "What about our meep morps we've made?"
Peridot says: "We can't leave them behind."
Peridot loses her balance and drops the meep morp.
Lapis says: "We can bring them, too."
Peridot says: "*gasps* But they're installations!"
Peridot says: "They need the context of the barn!"
Peridot says: "If- If-if we move them, they'll become..."
Peridot says: "performance pieces."
Lapis says: "There's no need to get so emotional!"
Peridot steps back in shock.
Peridot says: "You're right."
Peridot says: "I'm sorry."
Steven says: "It's okay."
Steven says: "Performance art isn't bad, just misunderstood."
Lapis says: "Hmm..."
Lapis says: "Maybe I can do something."
Lapis walks out past Steven and Peridot and turns towards the barn. She begins using her water abilities to seemingly drain the water from the pool outside of the barn.
Peridot says: "Ga-hah!"
Peridot says: "Our smaller-than-average lake!"
Peridot says: "Guh!"
A water wall begins to emerge from the ground around the barn, as Lapis uses the water to separate the barn away from the ground and raises it in the air.
Steven says: "Whoa."
Peridot says: "Whoa."
Lapis says: "There!"
Lapis says: "Now we can bring our whole life with us: You, me, and all of our things!"
Peridot says: "Right..."
Peridot says: "Right!"
Lapis says: "Well, let's get going."
Steven says: "You're leaving right now?"
Steven says: "I thought that- I-I don't know what to say."
Lapis' expression saddens and she walks towards Steven to give him a hug.
Lapis says: "Goodbye, Steven."
Steven sniffles as he starts sobbing.
Lapis says: "Good luck."
Lapis says: "*turns to Peridot Peridot, don't you want to say bye?"
Peridot says: "Uhh..."
Peridot starts tearing up, and Steven whimpers in sadness.
Peridot says: "Umm..."
Peridot says: "*gasps* Wait!"
Peridot says: "Where's Pumpkin?"
Lapis says: "She's not inside?"
Peridot says: "She was just standing next to me!"
Peridot says: "We have to find her."
Lapis lowers the barn back onto the ground and refills the pool with water again.
Lapis says: "I'll check from above."
Lapis says: "Peridot, you search the ground."
Steven says: "I'll help, too!"
Steven and Peridot start running towards the farm field.
Steven says: "Pumpkin!"
Steven says: "?"
Peridot says: "Pumpkin?"
Lapis says: "Pumpkin!"
Lapis says: "Pumpkin!"
Peridot says: "Pumpkin?"
Peridot says: "Pumpkin!"
Steven says: "Pumpkin?"
Peridot says: "Pumpkin?"
Steven says: "Pumpkin?"
Peridot says: "*softly* Pumpkin."
Steven walks slowly to the top of a hill.
Steven says: "Pumpkin!"
Steven says: "Where are you, buddy?"
Peridot runs frantically up the hill and passes Steven.
Peridot says: "Pumpkin!"
Peridot turns back to Steven, looking distressed. The pair then begins searching through a wooded area.
Steven says: "You know, I'm really gonna miss you guys when you're in space."
Peridot says: "Well, that's a given."
Peridot says: "I'm a very precious Gem."
Peridot says: "Without me, you would've crumbled under The Cluster's destructive force or have been smushed by Jasper."
Steven says: "Peridot, There!"
Steven points to an orange unidentified object on the ground and Peridot runs towards it.
Peridot says: "Pumpkin!"
Peridot picks up the object, but quickly realizes is a basketball.
Steven says: "Is she okay?"
Peridot says: "Umm..."
Peridot and Steven continue walking and searching for Pumpkin, while Steven dribbles the basketball.
Peridot says: "Pumpkin!"
Steven says: "Pumpkin!"
Peridot says: "Pumpkin!"
Steven says: "Pumpkin!"
As Peridot begins to speak, Steven stops dribbling the basketball.
Peridot says: "You know, I can probably still help you when I'm out in space."
Peridot says: "I'll just video-chat from my tablet!"
Steven says: "Uhh, t-there's no Wi-Fi in space."
Peridot says: "..."
Peridot says: "Well, maybe it's best if we can't reach you."
Peridot says: "If the Diamonds do show up and destroy the planet, we'll never know!"
Peridot looks to Steven with uncertainty, as he looks back with unknowing concern.
Peridot says: "Lapis was very agitated when she heard you were on Homeworld."
Peridot says: "I was bending over backwards to make her feel better."
Peridot says: "Watch this."
Peridot proceeds to literally bend over backwards in a very unnatural way.
Steven says: "*laughs* That is good."
Peridot says: "Oh, yeah."
Peridot says: "She loves this."
Steven and Peridot walks out of the woods.
Peridot says: "Maybe it's good that we'll be away from everything where nothing can change, no surprises or developments."
Peridot says: "She's been through so much."
Peridot says: "She needs consistency."
Steven says: "*stops walking* But what about you?"
Peridot looks down, questioning in uncertainty, when she jumps and clings onto Steven, causing him to drop the basketball.
Peridot says: "*gasps in shock* Another Kindergartener!"
Steven notices a produce stand in front of them and reads the sign at the stand.
Steven says: ""Fresh produce"?"
Steven says: "Pumpkin is fresh produce!"
Peridot and Steven run towards the stand, breathing and gasping heavily in fear.
Steven says: "It's just..."
Steven says: "onions?"
Peridot says: "Pumpkin would never associate with this inferior sphere."
Onion suddenly pops out from behind the stand, frightening Steven and Peridot as they scream loudly.
Steven says: "Uhh..."
Steven says: "Onion?"
Steven says: "What are y- Hey, is that my hat?"
Onion ducks back and hides behind the stand.
Trans. Ext. the Barn; Evening.
Steven and Peridot returns back to the barn in disappointment.
Steven says: "Well, that was a bust."
Peridot says: "We'll never find Pumpkin."
Steven says: "Peridot..."
Rustling is suddenly heard from the cornfield, causing Peridot to look towards it, and she notices Pumpkin's tail sticking out from the corn stalks.
Peridot says: "Pumpkin?"
Pumpkin whimpers as she runs into the cornfield.
Peridot says: "Have you been here the whole time?!"
Peridot says: "!"
Steven says: "She was hiding?"
Peridot says: "Come on, Pumpkin."
Peridot says: "We need to leave."
Pumpkin whimpers in response.
Peridot says: "Pumpkin!"
Peridot says: "*runs into the cornfield* Don't you walk away while I'm talking to you!"
Pumpkin whimpers loudly as Peridot drags her out of the cornfield by her tail.
Peridot says: "*grunting loudly* Sometimes, you have to do things you don't want to do, like get jettisoned into space to live forever on a floating rock with a barn, and just us as for as long as time exists!"
Peridot says: "Lapis needs us!"
Pumpkin whimpers and struggles to get away from Peridot.
Steven says: "Peridot, give her a second!"
Peridot says: "She's doing it to herself!"
Peridot says: "Pumpkin, Do as you're told!"
Peridot loses grip of Pumpkin's tail and falls backwards onto the ground.
Peridot says: "Gah!"
Once freed, Pumpkin runs up to Steven and jumps into his arms whimpering.
Steven says: "Whoa, Peridot."
Steven says: "It sounds like you don't really want to go."
Peridot picks herself up off the ground and walks toward Steven and Pumpkin.
Peridot says: "I'm sorry, Pumpkin."
Peridot says: "I didn't mean to yank you around."
Peridot says: "It's just..."
Peridot says: "*retrieves Pumpkin from Steven's hands* We don't have a choice in this."
Steven says: "What do you mean you "don't have a choice"?"
Steven says: "Peridot, you should really talk to Lapis about this."
Peridot says: "*kisses Pumpkin on the forehead* I can't."
Peridot walks away and Steven follows after her.
Steven says: "What?"
Steven says: "Why not?"
Lapis flies back down from the sky and lands in front of Peridot and Steven.
Lapis says: "Oh, great!"
Lapis says: "You found her!"
Steven and Peridot both stare blankly at her.
Lapis says: "Now, let's go!"
Lapis, Peridot, and Steven walk towards the barn as Lapis once again raises the barn into the air. Peridot turns to Steven and looks at him nervously, only to get a similar response from him in return. Peridot glances at Lapis and anxiously gathers up her thoughts.
Peridot says: "Wait..."
Peridot says: "Lapis?"
Peridot says: "Pumpkin doesn't want to go."
Lapis turns her head back towards Peridot with a confused look on her face.
Lapis says: "Pumpkin doesn't know better."
Lapis says: "We do."
Lapis turns her head back around and continues focusing on the barn.
Peridot says: "Actually, I..."
Peridot says: "I don't want to go either."
Lapis says: "What?!"
Lapis says: "!"
Paralyzed with shock, Lapis turns back towards Peridot and the barn crashes back onto the ground.
Steven a says: "Aah!"
Peridot says: "Aah!"
Peridot says: "Ooh-whoa!"
Pumpkin yelps in fright and runs to hide behind Steven. Steven looks concernedly back to Peridot and Lapis.
Lapis says: "Peridot, what are you trying to say?"
Peridot says: "It's just, if something happens on Earth, I want to be here for it!"
Lapis says: "But- No!"
Lapis says: "Why are you telling me this now?!"
Lapis says: "!"
Peridot says: "Because..."
Peridot says: "we're about to leave!"
Lapis says: "Isn't that the worst time?"
Peridot raises her index finger into the air with a static, blank expression.
Peridot says: "Yes."
Steven looks to them with quiet fear in his eyes while mumbling nervously.
Lapis says: "Then why didn't you tell me sooner?"
Peridot says: "Well, there are many things I should say, but they would upset you, so in general, I don't say those things..."
Peridot says: "?"
Lapis says: "Peridot, that's lying!"
Steven groans in increasing anxiety.
Peridot says: "Okay, then!"
Peridot says: "The truth is..."
Peridot says: "I think that we should stay, and if- and if the time comes, if the Diamonds do come to wipe this planet off the star maps, I think we should fight for this life we've built instead of tearing it up out of the ground!"
Peridot says: "I think we can win."
Peridot says: "I think you can win!"
Peridot says: "Earth is our home now."
Peridot says: "Isn't it worth fighting for?"
Peridot reaches her hand out to Lapis.
Steven says: "What do ya say, Lapis?"
Lapis lowers her head in sorrow and turns her back on Peridot, walking away towards the barn.
Lapis says: "I am not getting caught in the middle of another war."
Lapis sprouts her water wings and begins to lift the barn into the air again for a final time.
Peridot says: "Wait!"
Peridot says: "No!"
Peridot says: "You're supposed to reward me for my emotional honesty!"
Lapis flies in the air as she lifts the barn higher, breaking it away from the plumbing. She looks back at Peridot, Steven, and Pumpkin's fretting faces, before taking off into the sky, taking the barn along with her. Steven walks up to Peridot as she stands frozen in place and places his hand on her back.
Steven says: "Come on."
Steven says: "Let's go."
Trans. Int. Steven's Bathroom, Night-time.
Steven sets up a mattress in his bathtub for Peridot and Pumpkin, while Peridot sits in a daze on the toilet.
Steven says: "Okay."
Steven says: "You're all set up, and you can stay here as long as you need."
Peridot gets off the toilet and walks towards the mattress.
Peridot says: "Wow..."
Peridot says: "*groans and climbs onto the mattress* Thanks..."
Steven and Pumpkin sit down next to the tub as Peridot lies face down on the mattress. Steven pulls out his phone and checks it. He sighs in remorse as he finds there is still no response from Connie.
Peridot says: "What do we do now?"
Peridot says: "..."
Steven, Peridot, and Pumpkin gaze off in silence, as they sit together in the bathroom.
END.