Open Ext. Crystal Temple.
Steven is sitting on the beach using his phone, while Greg and Pearl are seen fixing Greg's Van nearby. Steven's phone screen shows a picture of Sniffling Croissant.
Steven says: "Sniffling Croissant!"
Steven says: "*smiles* You really know me, Internet."
Steven says: "Hey, guys!"
Greg says: "Yeah, Steven?"
Steven says: "You guys should take this online quiz I found."
Steven says: "It tells you what..."
Steven says: "It tells you what character you are from "Crying Breakfast Friends!"
Pearl says: "*confused* Uh, why?"
Steven says: "It's just fun to see yourself as a cartoon character, like Weeping Egg Cup, who is neurotic and uptight; or Pining Grapefruit, the sensitive older one who wishes he were a better role model."
The two listed characters are implied to be Pearl and Greg, who stares uneasy at Steven.
Greg says: "Uh, maybe we can do that thing after we fix the van."
Pearl and Greg turn back to the van's open hood.
Steven says: "*sighs* Okay, I'll go find someone else!"
Pearl says: "*to Greg* Do you understand that cartoon show?"
Greg says: "*somberly* I don't understand anything anymore."
Steven enters the Beach House, panting, and smiles when he sees Amethyst, browsing the refrigerator and holding a big pile of food items in her arm.
Amethyst says: "Hey Steven!"
Amethyst says: "Is there any more engine oil?"
Amethyst says: "*turns to Steven* I need it for the sandwich."
Steven says: "I think that's for cars..."
Amethyst says: "Well..."
Amethyst says: "*kicks the refrigerator door shut* Is there any more of it?"
Steven says: "Dad's probably got some outside."
Steven says: "Oh!"
Steven says: "But uh..."
Steven says: "you've gotta take this online quiz!"
Steven says: "*pulls out his phone* "Which Crying Breakfast Friend Are You?"
Amethyst says: "That show's really weird."
Amethyst says: "*sits at the kitchen counter and places her food on top* Who wants to watch a cartoon about people crying?"
Steven says: "*with watery eyes* I do!"
Amethyst says: "*rolls her eyes* Okay, okay!"
Amethyst says: "Uh, what's the first question?"
Steven says: "*reads from his phone* "Do you ever act without thinking?"
Amethyst says: "Nope."
Amethyst says: "*squeezes a mustard bottle until it explodes, covering the pile of food on mustard* Never."
Steven says: ""Are you afraid of taking risks and trying new things?"
Amethyst says: "*eats the whole pile of food in one bite, with her mouth full* Terrified!"
Steven says: "*seemingly upset* Amethyst, are you taking this seriously?"
Amethyst says: "*rolls her eyes and rests her head on her hand* Of course I am."
Steven says: "Okay."
Steven says: "*taps the 'Yes' button his phone's screen, which reads "Are you taking this seriously?"
Steven says: ""* "Are you insecure about your relationships and how you are perceived by other people?"
Amethyst says: "*visibly troubled and unsteady* No..."
Amethyst says: "yes?"
Amethyst says: "Eh..."
Amethyst says: "What's the right answer?"
Steven says: "There is no right answer."
Steven says: "You're just supposed to answer honestly."
Amethyst says: "Eh, I'm bored."
Amethyst then walks towards the Temple Gate and activates it, while Steven follows her.
Steven says: "Oh wait, I have loads more probing personal questions to ask."
The temple gate opens up to Amethyst's Room, revealing Garnet standing inside.
Amethyst says: "*upset* Garnet, wha—"
Amethyst says: "*enters the room with Steven* What are you doing in my room?"
Garnet says: "I saw a corrupted gem."
Garnet says: "*points upward toward a large gaping hole* I followed it through the tunnel it dug in the rock."
Amethyst says: "*looking off doubtfully with arms crossed* Yeah right."
Steven says: "Where did it come from?"
Garnet says: "It's similar to Pearl's description of the creature she saw slinking through the temple."
Steven says: "*shocked and excited* You saw The Slinker!"
Steven says: "?"
Amethyst says: "I thought we agreed there was no Slinker, and we weren't going to call it- *air quotes* "The Slinker"."
Garnet says: "Yes we did, but now it's undeniable the creature exists, and that Steven's name stuck."
Steven says: "*proudly holds up his fist* Yes!"
Amethyst says: "*defensively steps forward* Nooo!"
Amethyst says: "Look, why don't you just let me look for it?"
Garnet says: "Because you won't."
Amethyst and Steven hurry after Garnet deeper into the room. Garnet lifts up a hunk of Amethyst's junk pile and reveals another large tunnel.
Steven says: "How long's this thing been in here?"
Amethyst says: "*excitedly squeals, picks up a gas mask and wears it* Ha ha, look, Steven!"
Amethyst says: "I'm a pachyderm!"
Amethyst says: "Oh!"
Amethyst says: "And there's a prize inside!"
Loud hissing noise is heard.
Garnet says: "Sshhhh, keep quiet."
Amethyst rolls her eyes and groans while Steven nods obediently. The trio then move to another section of the room. Garnet puts the hunk of Amethyst's junk down on the side and continues walking forth.
Steven says: "*admiring Garnet* Oh Garnet, stern but practical, just like Spilled Milk."
Amethyst says: "*visibly annoyed* You're still not on about that dumb cartoon are you?"
Steven says: "Oh right, the quiz!"
Steven says: "*pulls out his phone and starts walking toward Amethyst* "Do you get defensive when people ask you questions about the feelings you prefer to keep hidden?"
Amethyst says: "*eyes widen and squints her eyes at Steven* Don't!"
Amethyst says: "- get all psych-o-logical on me, Steven."
Steven says: "*backs up in surprise* Uhhh..."
Steven says: "sorry?"
The loud hissing is heard again.
Steven says: "Huh?"
Amethyst says: "Huh?"
Garnet says: "There!"
Garnet quickly tosses away the junk she is holding and takes a large leap forward, firing her gauntlets like rockets in the direction of the hissing. Her rocket gauntlets fly into a pile of junk and explode on contact. Garnet runs to the junk pile, smiling, but quickly frowns in disappointment.
Amethyst says: "WHOA MAMA!"
Amethyst says: "*runs up excitedly to Garnet* Did ya get it!"
Amethyst says: "?"
Garnet says: "No."
Amethyst says: "*looks disappointed, jumps into the junk pile and starts looking around* Aw man, I think my favorite round thing was in there."
Garnet says: "*sigh* I'll get you a new round thing."
Amethyst says: "Ugh, this is my stuff you're messing with!"
Amethyst says: "*starts throwing and kicking things around* If it's gonna get wrecked, I'm gonna be the one to wreck it!"
Some junks lands on a tentacle and it slithers away.
Amethyst says: "See, that's how it's d—"
Amethyst keeps kicking her junk, when the tentacle emerges from the junk pile and strangles her. Steven watches in shock as Amethyst gets pulled under and poofed, leaving behind her gem.
Steven says: "*gasps* Amethyst got "poofed!"
Garnet says: "Slinker!"
Garnet hears the Slinker slither away as she tries to look around to find it. Steven picks up Amethyst's gem and walks up behind Garnet, looking sad.
Steven says: "*whimpers and holds up Amethyst's gem* Garnet?"
Garnet says: "*turns around* Steven, remember, our bodies are only an illusion."
Garnet says: "Amethyst will be fine."
Steven says: "*tears up* B-b-but Pearl took two whole weeks to come back, and I already miss Amethyst so much!"
Garnet says: "*kneels down to Steven* Don't worry."
Garnet says: "She'll be back before you know it."
Amethyst's gem then starts glowing and floats off of Steven's arms into the air.
Garnet says: "Literally."
Steven watches happily as Amethyst quickly reforms in mid-air and drops onto the ground. Steven runs forth to give Amethyst a hug.
Steven says: "Amethyst's back!"
Steven says: "Amethyst's back!"
Amethyst says: "Ugh."
Amethyst says: "*pushes Steven aside* Huh?"
Amethyst notices her hands are replaced with feet.
Steven says: "Looks like you..."
Steven says: "grew a few feet since the last time I saw you, nyuck-nyuck-nyuck!"
Garnet says: "That was fast."
Garnet says: "Even for you."
Amethyst says: "Eh, it's no big deal."
Amethyst says: "*stands upside-down on her arm-legs* I didn't wanna keep my biggest fan waiting!"
Steven laughs until Amethyst puts her foot on his head, which he pushes it away looking mildly grossed out, and continues laughing.
Garnet says: "Hmm."
Amethyst says: "Ok ok."
Amethyst says: "We got a Slinker to slink!"
Steven then attempts to cartwheel too, but fails halfway through. Amethyst starts searching a different part of her room.
Amethyst says: "Hmm..."
Amethyst says: "Where would I go if I were a monster..."
Amethyst says: "*walks towards a large hole in the wall* Hey!"
Amethyst says: "Over here!"
The trio then walks together into the hole and into the tunnel.
Steven says: "Your new form is really interesting."
Amethyst says: "Thanks, Steven."
Steven says: "I didn't even know you could come back this different!"
Amethyst says: "*annoyed* Thanks, Steven."
Steven says: "So..."
Steven says: "why'd you come back with four legs?"
Amethyst says: "*walks ahead, annoyed* 'Cause I like walking!"
Steven says: "Wow..."
Steven says: "I want four legs too!"
Garnet says: "No, you don't!"
Garnet says: "Amethyst rushed her regeneration, she should've taken her time."
Steven says: "Like Pearl?"
Garnet says: "Yes, Pearl put a bit more..."
Garnet says: "thought into how she came back."
Amethyst says: "Pearl!"
Amethyst says: "Pearl!"
Amethyst says: "Pearl!"
Amethyst says: "You know I can hear you!"
Amethyst says: "*reveals an oversized ear* I'm sorry I'm not like Pearl with her fancy form, and her clean room with no monsters in it!"
The Slinker suddenly crashes through the tunnel, crashing onto of Amethyst and causing her to poof, and digs away into another hole. Steven and Garnet quickly runs up to and look down the hole.
Steven says: "Amethyst?"
Steven says: "Amethyst's gem!"
Steven says: "*runs towards it* She got 'poofed' again!"
Garnet says: "This is a good opportunity for her, now she can make a better form."
Amethyst's gem starts glowing and floating again.
Steven says: "*gasps* She's coming back!"
Garnet says: "*covering her shades* Hmm."
Amethyst quickly reforms, taking on a form that looks like Pearl with a bigger and longer hairdo and loose socks.
Amethyst says: "Yeah right."
Amethyst says: "*snickers* This is much better!"
Steven says: "*giggles and points* She's doing Pearl!"
Garnet facepalms and sighs. The trio exits the tunnel, as the Slinker disappears in the background. Garnet walks ahead, and Amethyst and Steven quickly catch up.
Amethyst says: "Hey Garnet, what do you think of my new look, Garnet?"
Amethyst says: "I'm more like Pearl now!"
Amethyst says: "Isn't it wonderful?"
Amethyst says: "Ha!"
Amethyst says: "I feel..."
Amethyst says: "*mimics Pearl's twirl and hits Steven and Garnet with her hair* Practically perfect!"
Garnet says: "We need to focus on listening for the creature."
Amethyst says: "Oh, but I can't focus, all these rocks are different sizes, we'll have to organize them by shape and color."
Amethyst says: "Didn't anyone tell nature how I want it to look?"
Garnet says: "*to Steven* Don't encourage her."
Amethyst says: "But I need encouragement, Garnet!"
Amethyst says: "I need everyone's constant approval, I need to loquaciously converse so I can show off..."
Amethyst says: "how smart I am."
Steven says: "Uh, you can converse with me."
Steven says: "Let's finish that quiz!"
Steven says: ""Do you need to plan ahead before you act?"
Amethyst says: "Oh, thoroughly!"
Steven says: ""Do you obsess over little details?"
Amethyst says: "Completely entirely!"
Steven says: "Oh wow, you're so method."
Steven says: "Next time, can you come back as me?"
Garnet says: "*pauses and turns to Amethyst* This is not a good choice for your form."
Amethyst says: "Lighten up, Garnet."
Amethyst says: "Can't you take a joke?"
Garnet says: "It's not funny, you made yourself ridiculous."
Amethyst says: "RIDICULOUS?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Amethyst says: "?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Garnet says: "Keep your voice down; the creature."
Amethyst says: "*growls* You wanted me to be more like Pearl, AND NOW I AM!!"
Garnet says: "*intense whispering* Pearl would've taken a regeneration seriously!"
Amethyst says: "WHAT DO YOU CARE?"
Amethyst says: "MY FORM IS MY BUSINESS!"
Garnet says: "It's my business when it affects the strength of the team!"
Amethyst says: "So what, I'm not strong enough?"
The Slinker's tentacles suddenly wraps around Amethyst and pulls her away. Garnet and Steven quickly chase after.
Steven says: "Amethyst!"
Amethyst says: "ARE YOU SAYING, I'M WEAK?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
The Slinker drags Amethyst in and poofs her. Her gem flings out and Steven catches it.
Steven says: "*whimpers* Is it weird I'm getting numb to this?"
Amethyst's gem quickly glows and floats into the air again, attempting to take form. It lands like a quivering light blob on the ground and Steven clings onto Garnet's leg, frightened. Amethyst then regenerates into a bulky-like figure, with only one bulky arm and leg, with unkempt hair.
Amethyst says: "Okay, you know I wasn't feeling this at first."
Amethyst says: "But I think I might be..."
Amethyst says: "coming around!"
Amethyst says: "Ha!"
Amethyst says: "Yo Steven, my seams straight?"
Steven says: "*worried* Does that new form..."
Steven says: "hurt you?"
Amethyst says: "*looks upset* No..."
Amethyst says: "?"
Amethyst says: "*turns to Garnet smugly* Hey, Garnet, how'd you like to mix up with this?"
Amethyst says: "*chuckles* Just a little something I put together, you know."
Garnet says: "*growls* This form isn't sustainable, Amethyst."
Amethyst says: "*blushes* But..."
Amethyst says: "*looks down and shots at Garnet* You're the one who said I needed to be stronger!"
Amethyst says: "Okay, if it's my monster then I'll deal with it!"
Amethyst runs toward a crystal pillar and punches it out of her way, shattering it. Steven and Garnet shield themselves from the debris and follow after her.
Steven says: "Amethyst!"
Steven and Garnet lose sight of Amethyst. Garnet then grabs Steven, leaps off in the direction of the hissing, and sets him down.
Garnet says: "Stay behind me!"
Garnet says: "*runs through another tunnel and looks around* Amethyst!"
More debris are flung towards Garnet, who quickly shield herself with her gauntlets. Amethyst can then be seen fighting the Slinker hand-to-hand.
Steven says: "*gasps* Amethyst!"
Amethyst wrestles with the Slinker, laughing and slamming it against a crystal pillar with her bulk arm. The Slinker tries to retaliate by wrapping its tentacles around Amethyst.
Garnet says: "Let it go!"
Amethyst says: "No!"
Amethyst says: "You wanted me to be stronger, I'm doing it!"
Amethyst says: "I'm being what you want!"
Garnet says: "I don't want this!"
Amethyst's bulk arm is unable to be sustained and it deforms. Amethyst struggles to push back the Slinker.
Amethyst says: "Well, what do you want?"
Amethyst says: "Just tell me and I'll do that!"
Garnet says: "I can't tell you, Amethyst!"
Garnet says: "You have to figure this out for yourself!"
Steven says: "She can't!"
Steven says: "She doesn't want to think about herself!"
Amethyst says: "WHAT?"
The Slinker eats the distracted Amethyst and poofs her. Garnet leaps in and punches the Slinker, causing it to spit out Amethyst's gem, and Steven catches it. Steven sighs as he holds it against his chest.
Garnet says: "Good catch."
Trans Int. Beach House.
Steven and Garnet are back in the house. Steven is lying on the couch, holding and staring at Amethyst' gem, while Garnet is talking with Pearl.
Pearl says: "I knew that thing was real!"
Pearl says: "When Amethyst gets back we have to go find it!"
Pearl says: "*walks over to Steven* How long has it been?"
Steven says: "4 hours..."
Pearl says: "4 hours?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Pearl says: "She's never taken so long!"
Pearl says: "What do you think she's doing in there?"
Garnet says: "*arms crossed* I'm not sure, I was too hard on her."
Steven sighs, when Amethyst's gem starts glowing again.
Steven says: "Oh, oh, she's back!"
Steven says: "All right, everyone be supportive."
Amethyst's form continues to cycle until it sticks, and Amethyst returns with a new outfit. She lands on the table, yawns and stretches.
Amethyst says: "What?"
Steven says: "*slightly disappointed* Aw, you barely changed."
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Garnet walks over to Amethyst, and they look at each other briefly.
Garnet says: "It's perfect."
Amethyst says: "Eh, whatevs."
Amethyst says: "It's just what feels right."
Garnet says: "That's why it's perfect."
Pearl says: "It is a marked improvement!"
Pearl says: "You finally fixed that shoulder strap that's always bugged me!"
Steven says: "Welcome back!"
Pearl says: "Well done, Amethyst!"
Amethyst says: "*blushes* Knock it off!"
Amethyst says: "Huegh!"
Amethyst says: "We gotta go find the Slinker!"
Steven says: "No, it's hug time."
Amethyst says: "Ugh, this is so dumb."
The star iris then closes on Amethyst, who smiles cutely and sighs in satisfaction, ending the episode.
END.