Open Int. Steven's Bathroom.
Steven is seen standing alone, half-dressed, in a dark room, as he begins to sing "Let's Only Think About Love".
Steven says: "♫ Mom was a Diamond who invaded Earth, saw its beauty, and its worth."
Steven says: "Mom made an army and she fought herself."
Steven says: "Did that even end up mattering when she faked her own shattering?"
Steven walks up to the bathroom sink, applies shaving cream on his face and shaves off the single facial hair on his chin.
Steven says: "♫ Mom lived in hiding by the name of Rose, with the friends she made and the form she chose."
Steven says: "Now all that's left of her exists in me, and I think that we can all agree..."
Steven washes his face and glances down sadly at his gemstone, before buttoning up his shirt.
Steven says: "♫ That is a little bit upsetting."
Steven says: "♫ I'd rather think about..."
Steven says: "a wedding!"
Steven slides out of the bathroom happily into the Beach House, where Greg and the Crystal Gems are preparing the wedding.
Steven says: "♫ Let's think about cake."
Steven says: "Let's think about flowers."
Steven says: "Let's think about dressing up and dancing around for hours."
Just then, Sapphire, sitting on Steven's bed, covers her eye with her hands, as Ruby walks in with her hands covering her eyes too.
Ruby says: "Okay, Sapphire."
Ruby says: "I gotta get dressed for our big day now, so no peeking!"
Ruby says: "And no future vision either!"
Sapphire says: "*giggles* Okay!"
Pearl says: "Oh, Steven."
Pearl says: "I just wish I could've said some things sooner about Rose, and Pink."
Steven says: "♫ We could think about lies, that we told in the past."
Pearl says: "They took it so hard."
Steven says: "♫ You could think about hurt feelings and how long they can last."
Pearl says: "How can you move on?"
Steven says: "♫ Or we could think about hope!"
Pearl says: "Hope?"
Steven says: "♫ You know I've been hoping!"
Pearl says: "About what?"
Steven says: "♫ That everything's better now everything's out in the open!"
Steven places Pearl's top hat on her hat and smiles at her. He then steps outside the house to find Bismuth on the porch, wearing a suit of armor.
Steven says: "Bismuth, is that what you're wearing to the wedding?"
Bismuth says: "It's the nicest thing I own."
Steven says: "Lookin' sharp!"
Steven says: "♫ We could think about flowers."
Steven says: "We could think about cake."
Steven says: "We could think about wonderful promises we have the power to make."
Steven says: "There's an awful lot of awful things we could be thinkin' of."
Steven says: "But for just one day, let's only think about love!"
Steven walks down onto the beach to assist Amethyst in decorating the wedding altar with pink roses.
Amethyst says: "Maybe I shouldn't have picked up roses."
Amethyst says: "Might be a little controversial."
Steven says: "*looks at the roses sadly* ♫ We could all rethink, how we feel about Rose."
Steven says: "When it comes to Pink and the things that she did in the past, I suppose."
Amethyst says: "Yeah."
Steven says: "♫ Or we could both feel better, 'cause we could think about how, we could think about us, and we could think about now!"
Steven playfully punches Amethyst's shoulder and they dance together for a while.
Amethyst says: "Well, if we don't use these, we're gonna need something else."
Steven says: "No worries!"
Steven says: "Peridot's gathering more flowers right now."
Steven says: "I'll go get her."
Steven warps to the Warp Pad near the barn.
Steven says: "*humming* ♫ But for just one day let's only think about..."
Steven walks up to Peridot as she stares down at the crater at the former site of the Barn.
Steven says: "Peridot?"
Peridot says: "What if Lapis was right?"
Peridot says: "Sooner or later, the Diamonds are going to come for the Cluster."
Peridot says: "We're all gonna die here!"
Steven says: "*sweating* ♫ We could think about war, we could think about fighting."
Steven says: "We could think about long lost friends we wish we were inviting."
Steven looks up to the sky, and Lapis is seen sitting on the roof of the Barn on the moon.
Steven says: "♫ We could think about the broken gems on the Cluster at the planet's core."
Steven then looks down to the ground, and the Cluster is seen lying dormant at the Earth's core, still bubbled.
Steven says: "♫ Or we could think about the bubble we made, so that they can't be hurt any, they can't be hurt anymore!"
Steven says: "We could think about joy!"
Steven says: "We could think about pain!"
Steven says: "We could think about sunshine!"
Steven says: "We could think about rain!"
Steven pulls Peridot along and they warp back to the Temple, with Greg, Pearl, Amethyst, Bismuth, and Connie are all ready inside the house.
Steven says: "♫ There's an awful lot of awful things we could be thinking of~ but for just one day, let's only think about..."
Steven walks out onto the porch, and the others join him outside. Various Beach City citizens are already seated at the wedding setting, and Sapphire, wearing a tuxedo, waves at the group from the wedding altar.
Everyone Else says: "♫ Just one day, let's only think about..."
Everyone Else says: "Just one day, let's only think about..."
Steven says: "♫ Loooooooooove!"
Steven jumps off the porch and floats down to the wedding altar. He points a signal and the group begins walking towards the altar, while Greg plays an instrumental version of "Stronger Than You" on his guitar.
Steven says: "*to Sapphire* You nervous?"
Sapphire says: "I'm not."
Steven and Sapphire glance down and spot ice crystals forming at the base of Sapphire's foot, which she quickly smashes away with her foot. As the group walks down the wedding aisle, Peridot begins throwing flowers all around.
Peridot says: "Flowers for you!"
Peridot says: "Flowers for you!"
Peridot says: "Flowers for you!"
Peridot throws the flowers so hard, a bundle hits Mr. Fryman on the face and knocks him off his chair, shocking Peedee.
Peridot says: "*walks up to the astonished Steven* Wedding commander, all flowers have been deployed!"
Steven says: "Thanks, Peridot."
Greg sits and continues strumming his guitar, cuing Ruby to step out of the house, wearing a white wedding gown. Sapphire turns towards her and Ruby smiles widely. Ruby begins hurrying towards the wedding altar, leaving burned footsteps behind, causing to Greg to speed up his song. Gaining velocity, Ruby bursts into flames as she dashes up to the wedding altar, leaving fire behind in the wedding aisle. Amethyst tries to put out the fire by stepping on it, and Greg stops playing.
Steven says: "*clears his throat* Dearly beloved Gems,  We are gathered here today to celebrate Ruby and Sapphire, two of my favorite people, who combine into one of my other favorite people."
Steven says: "You all probably know her as Garnet."
Steven says: "She's their love, given form."
Steven says: "Now it's your turn to talk about that."
Ruby says: "I know this is all kind of silly, I mean, we've been together for 5,750 years."
Sapphire says: "And 8 months."
Ruby says: "I used to feel like I wasn't much good, just one of me on my own."
Ruby says: "But when we're together, it feels like it's okay to just be me."
Ruby says: "So I wanna be me, with you, an-and, not even the Diamonds will come between us."
Ruby says: "And if they try, we'll beat em up!"
Ruby punches and kicks furiously into the air, and Sapphire giggles.
Sapphire says: "Ruby, my future used to look like one single, obvious stream, unbending 'til the end of time."
Sapphire says: "In an instant, you pulled me from that destiny, and opened my eye to an explosion of infinite possible futures, streaking across space and time, altered and obliterated by the smallest force of will."
Ruby and Steven gaze at Sapphire, awestruck by her vow.
Sapphire says: "What I mean is, you changed my life."
Sapphire says: "And then, I changed your life."
Sapphire says: "And now, we changed our lives."
Steven says: "Bismuth, the rings."
Amethyst says: "*gently bumps Bismuth with her elbow* Hey Bismuth, that's your cue."
Bismuth is seen crying, touched by the couple's vows, and approaches them with the rings. Sapphire puts the copper ring on Ruby, and Ruby puts the tin ring on Sapphire.
Steven says: "Ruby, do you take this Gem to have and to hold, on this and every other planet in the universe!"
Steven says: "?"
Ruby says: "I DO!!"
Sapphire says: "Yes."
Steven says: "*whispering* You didn't let me finish."
Sapphire says: "I'm just very excited."
Steven says: "Then by the power vested in me by the state of Delmarva, I now pronounce you..."
Steven says: "Garnet!"
Ruby and Sapphire kiss and hug each other. Ruby carries Sapphire up and begins twirling her around, as the couple fuses back into Garnet. The crowd cheers as a pair of red and blue flowers wash up ashore on the beach.
Time-Skip; Night-time.
A wedding after-party is then held on a dance floor set up on the beach. Sadie, Connie, Jenny, and Kiki are seen behind Garnet, as she threw a bouquet of roses behind her. However, she throws it so high up, it disappears into the sky, leaving the four gazing up at the sky in bewilderment. Sour Cream is the DJ, and Buck and Jenny dance to his music. Garnet too is seen dancing and embracing herself, while a saddened Jamie watches her. A saddened Bill Dewey also watches Mayor Nanefua dancing with her bodyguards. Jamie and Bill, both frowning, turn to each other and begin dancing together in sorrow, shoving right past Greg, Mr. Fryman, Kofi Pizza, Yellowtail, and Andy having a conversation. The Gems also converse with the citizens in small groups, such as Pearl and Kiki, Amethyst, Vidalia, Peridot and Onion, and Bismuth and Ronaldo. Steven watches the lively scene by the punch bowl, when Garnet walks in to pick him up.
Garnet says: "Steven!"
Steven says: "*laughs as well* Hey Garnet!"
Steven says: "Thanks for everything *laughs again*."
Garnet says: "Thanks for everything *laughs again*."
Steven says: "I needed this *laughs some more*."
Garnet says: "I needed this *laughs some more*."
Garnet says: "What a wonderful idea."
Garnet says: "Humans found a way to make a moment's decision last forever."
Garnet says: "I won't need future vision to know I'll always remember this."
Bismuth is seen talking with Pearl and Amethyst, when the bouquet Garnet hurled falls on her head and she catches it, causing Amethyst and Pearl to laugh in response.
Steven says: "I'm so glad!"
Garnet says: "Oh no!"
Garnet says: "I'm sorry."
Garnet says: "Don't cry."
Steven says: "*wipes off his tears* I guess seeing everyone together got me really choked up."
Bigger beads of tears begin flowing out of Steven's eyes.
Steven says: "Wait a second."
Steven says: "You don't think!"
Steven says: "?"
Steven says: "..."
Garnet takes off her visor and opens her third eye.
Garnet says: "Blue Diamond!"
Steven says: "She's here?!"
Steven says: "!"
Garnet says: "And she's not alone."
The sky quickly darkens and everyone look up to the sky, as Yellow Diamond's Ship and Blue Diamond's Ship approach from the sky.
Steven says: "Oh no..."
Steven says: "It's the Diamonds!"
Commercial Interlude.
Everyone at the party begin running away, while Steven approaches Nanefua.
Steven says: "Nanefua, get on your Nane-phone!"
Steven says: "We've got a Code Blue, and a Code Yellow!"
Garnet says: "This is it."
The Diamond ships approach towards the beach, but then fly overhead and towards some distant mountains.
Peridot says: "We're over here, you clods!"
Pearl says: "Wha- Where are they going?"
Steven says: "They're not here for us."
Steven says: "They must be here for the Cluster!"
Yellow Diamond's ship slams onto the ground, causing a shockwave and rumbling the entire ground.
Bismuth says: "What's the Cluster?!"
Bismuth says: "!"
Steven says: "It's a huge Earth-destroying geo-weapon that the Diamonds made out of a bajillion Gem shards."
Yellow Diamond's ship slams onto the ground again, destroying the terrain near it.
Steven says: "I gotta keep it calm and in its bubble."
Steven says: "I can use my mind to connect with it, but only when I'm asleep."
Bismuth says: "Asleep?!"
Bismuth says: "!"
Trans. Int. Steven's Room.
Steven tries to fall asleep on his bed, while everyone is gathered inside the house, but is unable to, due to the loud noises Yellow Diamond is causing.
Steven says: "It's no use!"
Steven says: "How am I supposed to sleep through this?!"
Steven says: "!"
Greg says: "Maybe a lullaby will help."
Connie says: "*worryingly* Uhh..."
Steven, surprisingly and instantly, falls asleep and begins snoring.
Trans. Steven's Dreamscape.
Steven quickly finds the Cluster going amok inside their bubble and gasps in shock.
Steven says: "The Cluster!"
Steven says: "Stay calm!"
Steven says: "Try to keep from forming!"
The Cluster struggles to contain themselves, but inevitably pops out of their bubble.
Steven says: "No, no, no, no, no, NO, NO, NOOO!!"
Trans. Int. Steven's Room.
Steven quickly wakes up in horror.
Steven says: "It popped!"
Steven and the others run outside of the house as the ground begins to shake. The Diamond ships back away and the Cluster bursts out onto the planet surface, forming a giant hand the size of the Diamond ships. Steven and the others watch on, paralyzed in fear, as the Cluster adjusts their movement. In the city, loud alarms are played in the speakers.
Mayor Nanefua says: "Attention, citizens of Beach City."
Mayor Nanefua says: "Everyone, head to your designated shelters."
Mayor Nanefua says: "I repeat, this is not a drill!"
Mayor Nanefua says: "Get yourselves over to the shelters."
Ronaldo pulls out his fake katana and aims it at the Cluster, but Peedee pulls him away. The Cluster begins to gain momentum, clutching their fist and throwing a punch at Yellow Diamond's ship, sending it flying away. The Cluster then approaches Steven and others, and gave a thumbs-up.
Steven says: "Alright!"
Steven says: "Looks like it's in control of itself, and it's on our side."
Yellow Diamond's ship tries to land a punch, but the Cluster quickly catches it. The two then begin to arm-wrestle on the ocean.
Steven says: "Go Cluster, go!"
Connie says: "Go Cluster, go!"
Just then, Blue Diamond's ship flies in from above the temple. It turns to face Steven and the other, and slaps onto the ground. It slowly rises back up, until Blue Diamond is seen standing on the ground.
Garnet says: "Blue Diamond."
Greg says: "Guess it's time to work the old..."
Greg says: "Universe..."
Greg says: "charm..."
Greg says: "!"
Crystal Gems says: "No!"
Greg says: "Alright, I'll just..."
Greg says: "be in here."
Blue Diamond says: "Rose Quartz."
Blue Diamond says: "So you escaped Homeworld and crawled back here."
Blue Diamond says: "*raises her veil, crying in grief* This is Pink's world!"
Blue Diamond says: "How dare you use it as your hiding place!"
Blue Diamond says: "Come!"
Blue Diamond says: "Answer for what you've done!"
Peridot says: "This is bad!"
Peridot says: "This is bad!"
Peridot says: "This is bad!"
Peridot says: "This is bad!"
Bismuth says: "Come on, you rocks!"
Bismuth says: "Let's put her in a bubble!"
Pearl says: "Right!"
Amethyst says: "Right!"
Garnet says: "Right!"
Steven says: "Wait, there's no reason to fight."
Steven says: "*adjusts his bowtie* Let me talk to her."
Steven says: "*approaches Blue* Blue Diamond, please listen to me!"
Steven says: "I didn't shatter Pink Diamond!"
Steven says: "Pink Diamond's right here."
Blue Diamond says: "Enough!"
Blue Diamond charges an energy blast and hurls it at Steven, knocking him back. He is then quickly caught in Alexandrite's hand, who roars loudly at Blue Diamond.
Steven says: "Wait!"
Blue Diamond says: "You cannot fathom how much I've mourned, what thousands of years of grief has done to me!"
Blue Diamond buries her face in her palms and emits a blue aura around the area. Alexandrite tears up from the aura and quickly unfuses. Steven and the Gems drop to their knees and begin crying as well. Only Connie seems to be unaffected.
Connie says: "What's going on?"
Connie says: "Guys?"
Seeing she still has control of herself, Connie whistles for Lion, who swiftly runs in and Connie jumps onto his back.
Connie says: "Hold on, guys!"
Steven says: "Connie!"
Connie and Lion charge towards Blue Diamond, and Connie unsheathes her sword from its scabbard. Lion leaps up and Connie lunges towards Blue Diamond, only for her sword to be caught by Blue Diamond. Connie then struggles to pull it back.
Blue Diamond says: "I know this sword."
Blue Diamond says: "This..."
Blue Diamond says: "is the sword..."
Blue Diamond says: "THAT SHATTERED HER!!!"
Blue Diamond shatters the sword in her hand, causing Connie to fall off, luckily saved by Lion in time. She looks at the broken handle of her sword and notices the Cluster beginning to falter against Yellow Diamond's ship, crying in a unison of voices from Blue Diamond's aura.
Blue Diamond says: "You deserve this!"
Blue Diamond says: "All of you!"
Steven says: "Stop..."
Steven says: "Please!"
Amethyst says: "Steven..."
Amethyst says: "!"
Pearl says: "What do we do?"
Steven says: "I don't know."
Steven says: "She won't listen."
Steven says: "She just wants to fight."
Garnet says: "Blue Diamond!"
Blue Diamond says: "Who are you supposed to be?"
Garnet says: "I am the will of two Gems that care for each other."
Garnet says: "To protect each other from any threat."
Garnet says: "No matter how vast or how cruel."
Garnet says: "You couldn't stop me 5,750 years ago, and you can't stop me now."
Blue Diamond says: "It's you!"
Blue Diamond says: "That Ruby and Sapphire that disrupted my court."
Garnet says: "URRGGH!!"
Garnet says: "*clings onto and punches Blue Diamond's cloak* This is supposed to be MY DAY!!"
Blue Diamond says: "You hoped to defeat me by..."
Blue Diamond says: "clinging to my feet?"
Garnet says: "I just needed to keep you from taking three steps to the right."
Water droplets suddenly drip onto Blue Diamond's head. Blue Diamond and Steven look at the sky, finding Lapis flying in the sky together with the Barn. Lapis smirks and hurls the barn towards Blue Diamond.
Blue Diamond says: "What?!"
Blue Diamond says: "!"
Garnet somersaults away as the Barn crashes onto Blue Diamond, causing her aura to fade away, and the Gems to stop crying.
Peridot says: "Lapis!"
Peridot says: "?"
Peridot says: "*runs towards Lapis* You're really here..."
Peridot says: "."
Peridot says: "!"
Lapis says: "Hey."
Steven says: "Lapis!"
Steven says: "*hugs Lapis* You came back!"
Steven says: "Again!"
Lapis says: "I couldn't stay away."
Lapis says: "If they're gonna punish me like a Crystal Gem, I might as well be one, right?"
Lapis says: "You got room for..."
Lapis says: "one more?"
Steven says: "Of course!"
Bismuth says: "*separates Steven and Lapis* Save the hugs for after the fight!"
Bismuth says: "Look alive!"
Blue Diamond bursts out from the broken Barn, even more enraged.
Blue Diamond says: "A Lapis Lazuli?"
Blue Diamond says: "Does every Gem that comes in contact with this planet turn traitor?!"
Blue Diamond says: "!"
Blue Diamond emits her blue pathokinesis aura again, causing everyone including Connie to fall to their knees crying. This time, only Lapis and Lion are unaffected.
Blue Diamond says: "*shocked* What?"
Lapis says: "*wipes a single tear from her eye* I've felt worse."
Lapis uses her hydrokinesis powers to chain Blue Diamond's hands with water shackles, effectively ceasing her abilities again.
Lapis says: "Knock her off this beach!"
Garnet says: "Now's our chance!"
The Crystal Gems summon their respective weapons, preparing to attack the vunlerable Blue Diamond, struggling to move.
Garnet says: "With all our strength together, we can take her down."
Steven says: "That's right!"
Steven says: "This is our home, our planet, our friends and family!"
Steven says: "We..."
Steven says: "are the Crystal Gems!"
Blue Diamond says: "Pathetic!"
Blue Diamond says: "*blasts Lapis' water shackles away* You are..."
Blue Diamond says: "nothing!"
Blue Diamond summons a huge energy blast that begins firing a massive laser barrage onto the Crystal Gems. Steven quickly summons a giant version of his shield to protect everyone from the laser blasts. Steven braces himself against the powerful laser, slowly hitting him backwards, until the other Crystal Gems one by one help him to keep hold of his shield. Once the barrage is over, Steven raises his shield and the Crystal Gems begin attacking Blue Diamond in quick succession. Connie and Lion first attack with Lion's concussive roar, followed by Amethyst's whip lash. Blue Diamond tries to attack, but is caught by Lapis, and Pearl fires a laser at her face. Lion warps onto her head, and Garnet and Bismuth hit Blue Diamond's side at the same time. Peridot then uses his metal abilities to fire eight tin cans at Blue Diamond, and starts taunting.
Peridot says: "Hey Blue Diamond, fight me!"
Bismuth says: "You got guts, tiny."
Bismuth says: "Let me give you a hand!"
Bismuth picks Peridot up and hurls her screaming towards Blue Diamond, landing onto her face.
Steven says: "Everyone, group up!"
The Crystal Gems gather around Steven, and Lapis uses her hydrokinesis to put them in a water bubble, which is thrown towards Blue Diamond. Blue Diamond grabs Peridot off her face, as the Crystal Gems approach at great speed. The water bubble pops and the Crystal Gems attack again in quick succession. Blue Diamond blocks Bismuth's, Pearl's, Amethyst's and Lion's attacks. Garnet breaks Blue Diamond's guard with her giant gauntlets, and Steven slams into her with his spiked bubble, effectively knocking Blue Diamond down. Meanwhile, the Cluster is seen gaining an upper hand against Yellow Diamond's ship, as visible damage are sustained on the ship.
Steven says: "Uhh..."
Steven says: "Guys!"
Steven says: "?"
With great strength, the Cluster lifts up the Yellow Diamond's ship and prepares to slam it towards the ground.
Steven says: "Run for it!"
The Crystal Gems retreat as the Cluster wrecks Yellow Diamond's ship down onto Blue Diamond's ship.
Blue Diamond says: "AAHHH!"
Blue Diamond is crushed by her own ship, and debris from the Diamond ship are sent flying everywhere; one of which crushes into the house.
Pearl says: "The house!"
Bismuth says: "Don't worry, I can fix it!"
Steven says: "My Dad!"
Bismuth says: "Uh- Oh."
Greg says: "*bursts out of the door, carrying Cat Steven* Alright, I'm sticking with you guys!"
The damaged Diamond ships submerge into the sea, as the Crystal Gems regroup near the house.
Connie says: "Did we do it?"
The Cluster grunts and approaches Steven, as their form begins to destabilize.
Steven says: "Cluster, you were amazing!"
Steven says: "Are you okay?"
Steven says: "Do you wanna go back in your bubble?"
The Cluster gives a thumbs-up and unfuses, retreating back into the Earth's core.
Steven says: "Okay, take it easy."
Steven says: "You're the best!"
Garnet says: "So that is a wedding reception."
Garnet says: "Nice job, wedding planner."
Amethyst says: "Did you see that?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Amethyst says: "She couldn't lay a finger on me!"
Peridot says: "Hmm..."
Peridot says: "But did you notice how I perfectly managed my trajectory..."
Peridot says: "right into her eyes!"
Peridot says: "?"
Peridot says: "I'll demonstrate."
Peridot says: "*jumps on Bismuth's arms* Launch me again!"
Bismuth says: "I like you, Peridot."
Bismuth says: "You don't quit."
Just then, heavy metal thumping is heard from Yellow Diamond's ship. Yellow Diamond punches right through the hull of her ship and emerges on top, enraged with electricity crackling around her. She jumps off her ship and lifts up Blue Diamond's ship, helping her to get out from underneath. Everyone watch on horrified, except for Peridot.
Peridot says: "Ha, I told her off once, I can do it again."
Peridot says: "*jumps off of Bismuth's arms and approaches Yellow Diamond* HEY!"
Peridot says: "YELLOW CLOD!"
Peridot says: "REMEMBER ME?!"
Peridot says: "!"
Yellow Diamond says: "No."
Yellow Diamond fires an electric blast from her hand at Peridot, causing her to destabilize and poofs back into her gem.
Steven says: "Stop!"
Steven says: "*runs forth* Don't do this!"
Steven says: "Listen to me!"
Steven says: "I'm the one you're missing!"
Steven says: "I'm Pink Diamond!"
Yellow Diamond says: "*shocked* You!"
Yellow Diamond charges towards Steven and he quickly summons his giant shield in front of him.
Garnet says: "Steven!"
Yellow Diamond stops in front of Steven and stomps hard onto his shield, plunging him into the ground and causing him to black out.
Commercial Interlude.
Trans. Int. Astral Plane.
Steven suddenly wakes up in a dark dimension, with Connie on top of him and crying out to him.
Steven says: "Huh!"
Steven says: "?"
Connie says: "Steven!"
Steven says: "Connie, what's wrong?"
Connie says: "Come on, please wake up!"
Steven says: "*gets up, from his body* I'm up, I'm up."
Steven says: "What's going on?"
Steven says: "Connie, I'm right here."
Connie says: "Come on, Steven."
Connie says: "We need you."
Steven sees his own body lying next to him and freaks out.
Steven says: "What the hoo-hah?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "Huh."
Steven says: "*waves his hand over his unconscious body* Well this is new."
Steven says: "What is this place?"
Steven looks down and sees himself standing on top of Connie's head, representing her mind. The minds of the other Crystal Gems are also seen, as they are all engaged in battle against the Diamonds.
Lapis says: "What else have you got?!"
Lapis says: "!"
Lapis says: "I've only just begun to fight!"
Lapis then gets zapped by Yellow Diamond's attack and poofs as well.
Steven says: "*gasps* Lapis!"
Lapis' body is retreated back into her gemstone in the dimension. Further down, the minds of Yellow and Blue Diamond's are also seen, surrounded by their respective auras; Yellow's being electrical and Blue's being water-like.
Steven says: "Connie, are you seeing this?"
Connie says: "Wake up, please!"
Connie Mind.
We're supposed to be in this together, remember?
Steven says: "Uh, Connie, I'm o- kay?"
Steven tries to hold Connie, but he phases right through her. Connie then instantly senses him.
Connie says: "Huh?"
Connie says: "Steven?"
Steven grabs hold of Connie's hand.
Connie says: "Huh?"
Steven says: "Connie, it's me!"
Connie says: "Wha- Where are you?"
Connie says: "How are you..."
Connie says: "?"
Steven says: "I'm not sure, but I think it's a classic psychic ghost type situation."
Connie says: "Ah, of course!"
Connie says: "So, what's the plan?"
Steven says: "The Diamonds won't listen to me out there, but maybe I can get through to them here."
Steven says: "They gotta know Pink Diamond wasn't shattered."
Steven says: "Please protect my body while I'm gone."
Connie says: "Got it."
Connie says: "Good luck out there, Steven."
Steven lets go of Connie's hand and proceeds to traverse across the minds towards the Diamond's. He first lands on Garnet's mind.
Garnet Mind.
This is it. I've got to hold it together. I've got to hold everyone together!
Steven says: "You can do it, Garnet!"
Steven says: "Remember: You're made of love!"
Steven jumps and phases through Garnet, who quickly senses his presence.
Garnet says: "Steven?"
Garnet Mind.
Huh! Always full of surprises.
Filled with determination, Garnet begins punching rapidly. Steven makes his way to Amethyst's mind.
Amethyst Mind.
Don't get shattered, don't get shattered, don't get shattered!
Steven says: "You can do this, Amethyst; I believe in you!"
Amethyst Mind.
Steven? I can do this, I can do this, I can do this!
Amethyst begins whipping her flail harder. Steven lands on Pearl's mind, as she is shooting lasers from her trident.
Pearl Mind.
I won't give up. Everything I do, I do it for her! I do it for him!
Steven says: "Don't forget about yourself, Pearl!"
Pearl Mind.
I do it for me!
Pearl slices with her trident, as Steven jumps his way to Bismuth's mind.
Bismuth Mind.
I just got my friends back, and now, I'm gonna lose 'em again?!
Steven says: "We can do this!"
Steven says: "Together!"
Bismuth Mind.
What am I thinking? We haven't lost yet!
Steven jumps and lands on Peridot's gemstone.
Steven says: "Hang in there, Peridot."
Steven says: "*looks at Lapis' gemstone* You too, Lapis."
Steven looks up at the Diamonds' towering minds and fly towards them. Yellow and Blue are seen sitting down, sulking in somber.
Yellow Diamond Mind.
How miserable. I knew Pink couldn't handle her own colony. But, I gave in. And now, I'm to blame for her fate.
Steven attempts to fly towards Yellow Diamond, but he gets knocked back by Yellow's electrifying aura.
Steven says: "Ah!"
Steven says: "Her thoughts are too strong!"
Blue Diamond Mind.
What good will any of this do? The more I make these Gems suffer, the more I long to see you again, Pink.
Steven get knocked back by Blue Diamond's deluging aura too, but he pushes on, as he swims towards her and manages to land on her head.
Steven says: "'Almost!"
Steven says: "*touches Blue's head* Blue Diamond, please listen!"
Steven says: "Wa-Waahh!"
Steven gets knocked back by Blue Diamond's aura again, and she feels his presence this time.
Blue Diamond says: "I felt something."
Blue Diamond says: "Someone..."
Steven says: "It worked."
Steven says: "I gotta get through to them."
Steven says: "*swims in Blue's aura and touches her head again, struggling* Pink isn't gone!"
Steven says: "I can explain everything if you just stopped this fighting!"
Steven says: "Wooaahh!"
Blue Diamond says: "There it is again."
Yellow Diamond says: "What are you jabbering about?"
Blue Diamond says: "A presence!"
Blue Diamond says: "It feels like..."
Yellow Diamond says: "Please, Blue."
Yellow Diamond says: "You're being hysterical."
Yellow Diamond says: "More so than usual."
Steven says: "*swims through Yellow's aura and touches her face* Listen, Yellow!"
Steven says: "Pink's fate is different than you think."
Steven says: "She faked her shattering!"
Steven gets knocked back once more as Yellow finally feels his presence. She and Blue Diamond press their backs against each other in high alert.
Blue Diamond says: "This feeling."
Blue Diamond says: "I know it!"
Yellow Diamond says: "It must be a trick!"
Yellow Diamond says: "Show yourself, foe!"
Steven says: "I'm not your foe."
Steven says: "Please just listen to me."
Yellow Diamond says: "There!"
Yellow and Blue Diamond begin blasting surges of aura energy towards Steven. Steven braces himself and emits his own pink aura, enveloping both Diamonds and ceasing their attacks. The Diamonds look on in shock as Steven's gem begins to glow.
Steven Mind.
Please, the fighting has to stop. We aren't enemies; we're family. Please listen to me. I need you to know... WHO I AM!
Steven then blasts surges of pink energy towards the astonished Yellow and Blue Diamond.
Blue Diamond says: "Impossible!"
Yellow Diamond says: "This aura..."
Blue and Yellow Diamond hold their hands out as Steven floats down onto their hands. Steven's gem glows brightly and envelops the screen in white light.
Trans. Beach.
Steven slowly wakes up back in reality. He looks up and gasps, as he sees the Crystal Gems, Greg, Yellow and Blue Diamond staring down at him in shock and surprise.
Blue Diamond says: "*in tears* It's you..."
Blue Diamond says: "!"
Blue Diamond says: "Pink!"
END.