Open Beach City Boardwalk.
Steven is taking a stroll along the boardwalk.
Steven says: "*sighs* Space is great, but nothing beats some good ol' atmosphere."
Ronaldo says: "The horror!"
Ronaldo says: "The terror!"
Ronaldo says: "Protect yourself against the menace that threatens Beach City!"
Steven spots Ronaldo in front of the Beach Citywalk Fries, handing out pamphlets and yelling aloud like a town crier, while different Beach City citizens such as Jenny and Onion simply pass by him.
Ronaldo says: "Protect yourself against the menace that threatens Beach City?"
Ronaldo says: "Mr."
Ronaldo says: "Smiley, protect yourself against the menace that threatens Beach City?"
Steven says: "*approaches Ronaldo* I'll protect myself from the menace that threatens Beach City."
Ronaldo says: "Steven!"
Ronaldo says: "I knew I could count on you!"
Steven takes a pamphlet and sits down on a bench.
Steven says: "Let's get knowledgeable!"
Steven says: ""How to Protect Yourself Against Rock People"?"
Steven says: "What?"
Steven says: "*opens the pamphlet* "Alien entities walk among us"?"
Steven says: ""They're adding mind-controlling minerals to our water suppl-" "They hate men"!"
Steven says: "?"
Steven says: "Ronaldo, wait!"
Steven says: "What is this?"
Ronaldo says: "Well, technically, it's an infozine pamphlet, but I've been calling them "Ronalphlets."
Steven says: "I get that part."
Steven says: "I'm talking about all this mean stuff you're saying about the Crystal Gems!"
Ronaldo says: "No-no-no."
Ronaldo says: "Crystal Gems aren't Rock People."
Ronaldo says: "Crystal Gems fight Rock People."
Ronaldo says: "See my documentary: "Rising Tides, Crashing Skies"."
Steven says: "Crystal Gems don't just fight Rock People."
Steven says: "We are Rock People!"
Steven says: "Also, don't say "Rock People"."
Steven says: "It's offensive."
Ronaldo says: "Rock People are different, obviously."
Ronaldo says: "For starters, they have rocks embedded in their bodies."
Steven says: "'*lifts up his shirt, revealing his gemstone* Like this?"
Ronaldo says: "But they can summon weapons from the Mud Dimension."
Steven summons his shield.
Ronaldo says: "No-no, you're not getting it."
Ronaldo says: "They can alter their forms."
Ronaldo says: "That's how they trick humans into loving them!"
Steven shapeshifts his finger into a cat finger.
Ronaldo says: "Aww!"
Ronaldo says: "..."
Ronaldo says: "Wait a second."
Ronaldo says: "You're a Rock Person?!"
Ronaldo says: "!"
Steven says: "I'm a Crystal Gem, Ronaldo."
Steven says: "*dismisses his cat finger and shield* And you're not wrong about everything."
Steven says: "We're just ignored and misunderstood."
Ronaldo says: "I'm so glad you're the only one that took a Ronalphlet!"
Ronaldo says: "I'm so sorry!"
Steven says: "Hey, it's okay."
Steven says: "Everyone makes mistakes."
Steven says: "Just as long as you realize that the Crystal Gems and I aren't that different from you."
Ronaldo says: "Right."
Ronaldo says: "Thanks, Steven."
Ronaldo says: "I gotta go..."
Ronaldo says: "rethink some things."
Trans. Int. Beach House.
The Crystal Gems are reading Ronaldo's blog on Steven's phone in the kitchen.
Amethyst says: "*reading the blog* "I'm shutting down my blog," blah blah blah, "social media," blah."
Amethyst says: ""I may never come back to the Internet!"
Amethyst says: "" *chuckles* Whoa, dude."
Pearl says: "I suppose it's a good thing that he's taking time to think."
Steven says: "There's a new post."
Pearl says: "*slightly irritated* Hmmm..."
Steven says: "It's a video."
Ronaldo Video.
Good day, loyal followers of Keep Beach City Weird. I've come to you today because I pride myself in bringing you the truth about all the weird stuff in Beach City the Man doesn't want you to know about. But today, I need to tell you some truths about this man! I've mixed up what is right and wrong and ended up saying some pretty mean things about the Crystal Gems. I feel terrible about my mistake because I know more than anyone what it's like to do thankless work and to be an outsider. That's why I'm joining the Crystal Gems!
Pearl says: "What?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Amethyst snorts and laughs. Ronaldo's video keeps playing in the background, when footsteps are heard outside the house.
Ronaldo says: "*bursts through the door* Steven!"
Steven says: "Ronaldo..."
Ronaldo says: "Guess what!"
Steven says: "You want to join the Crystal Gems."
Ronaldo says: "*gasps* I thought you'd never ask!"
Ronaldo says: "You know, I always felt strangely at home here."
Pearl says: "*unimpressed* Unh-unh."
Pearl says: "No."
Pearl says: "You are not living here."
Pearl says: "And you certainly can't join the Crystal Gems."
Ronaldo says: "But..."
Garnet says: "You don't have a gem."
Garnet says: "Your body is organic."
Steven says: "My body's organic and I'm a Crystal Gem."
Pearl says: "You're going to entertain this?"
Steven says: "We're all different, but we love and accept each other."
Steven says: "That's what Crystal Gems do."
Steven says: "And isn't it great that someone is actually interested in what we do?"
Steven says: "What better way to show him what we're about than to accept him as a Crystal Gem, too?"
Pearl says: "Uhhh..."
Garnet slowly starts clapping at Steven's inspirational speech.
Amethyst says: "*claps along* Let's do this!"
Pearl says: "Well, it's not the strangest house guest we've had."
Time-Skip.
Ronaldo begins unpacking his luggage inside Steven's Room.
Ronaldo says: "So, when do I get issued my gem?"
Steven says: "Oh..."
Steven says: "It doesn't really-uh-eh- But if you had a gem, what would you want it to be?"
Ronaldo says: "Well, I care so much, I think it'd be, like, deep in my heart."
Ronaldo says: "Or like a million tiny gems, like one crushed-up gem coursing through my blood, like- like..."
Ronaldo says: "Bloodstone!"
Steven says: "Perfect!"
Steven says: "That's your Crystal Gem name."
Ronaldo says: "Wait!"
Ronaldo says: "Check it out!"
Ronaldo says: "*pulls out a green sword* I have a Gem Weapon now, too!"
Steven says: "Wow!"
Steven says: "A sword!"
Ronaldo says: "I got it at DelmarvaCon last year."
Ronaldo says: "It's a replica from the anime "I Can't Believe My Stepdad's My Sword"."
Ronaldo says: "It can cut through a carton of milk like a carton of butter!"
Steven says: "There's a half-full juice box by the TV."
Ronaldo unsheathes the sword and swings it at the juice box, sending it flying to the fridge, instead of cutting through it. Steven then tapes a paper star on Ronaldo's shirt.
Steven says: "Nice!"
Steven says: "That star looks good on you."
Ronaldo says: "Thanks."
Just then, the Gems warp in on the Warp Pad.
Amethyst says: "Mission time!"
Ronaldo says: "Awesome!"
Ronaldo says: "Let me grab my katana from upstairs."
Ronaldo tries to jumps on the living room couch and into Steven's room, and fails miserably.
Ronaldo says: "*wheezing and panting* I'ma take the stairs."
Pearl says: "Uhh, I'm sorry, Bloodfry."
Pearl says: "You're going to have to sit this one out."
Pearl says: "It's a bit dangerous."
Ronaldo says: "But Steven gets to go."
Garnet says: "Steven is different."
Garnet says: "He's been training with us for years."
Steven says: "Don't worry, Bloodstone."
Steven says: "I didn't get to come along at first either."
Steven says: "We can start your training soon."
Steven says: "Be back in a bit!"
The Crystal Gems warp out, as Ronaldo watches on dejected.
Ronaldo says: "But..."
Ronaldo says: "I'm a Crystal Gem, too."
Time-Skip.
Ronaldo begins inspecting Steven, presumably returned from the mission earlier, with a pair of binoculars.
Steven says: "Um..."
Steven says: "hi, Bloodstone."
Ronaldo says: "Oh."
Ronaldo says: "Hi, Steven."
Ronaldo says: "Didn't see you there."
Ronaldo says: "So..."
Ronaldo says: "how'd the mission go without me holding you back?"
Steven says: "Uh, it went fine."
Steven says: "You know, the usual: fighting monsters, sharing emotions."
Ronaldo says: "I'm glad you didn't get hurt."
Ronaldo says: "With me not there."
Steven says: "Yeah..."
Steven says: "Well, I'm heading out."
Ronaldo says: "And you're going out like that?"
Steven says: "Uh..."
Steven says: "like what?"
Ronaldo says: "Well, I just think a real Crystal Gem would want to show off their gem, like, all the time."
Ronaldo says: "If I had a gem, I'd show mine off."
Steven ties a knot in the bottom of his shirt to expose his gem.
Time-Skip; Night-time.
Steven is fast asleep in his bed, listening to a relaxation track on his phone.
Steven's Phone says: "You are in a quiet forest."
Steven's Phone says: "The trees are quiet."
Steven's Phone says: "The sky is quiet."
Steven's Phone says: "A small rabbit begins to sing."
Steven's Phone says: "Ahhh..."
Ronaldo says: "Rah!"
Ronaldo is seen taking a deep breath, as he hits a milk carton with his sword at the foot of Steven's bed, splashing milk in Steven's face.
Steven says: "*sighs* Bloodstone, I know you want to train, but it's bedtime."
Ronaldo says: "Funny that you..."
Ronaldo says: "sleep, when Gems don't need sleep."
Ronaldo says: "Why is that?"
Steven says: "I-I don't know."
Steven says: "Because I'm half human, I get tired and I..."
Ronaldo says: "Huh."
Ronaldo says: "Well, I'm two halves human, and I'm not- *yawns loudly* -tired at all."
Ronaldo begins twirling his sword around and accidentally drops it out of the bedroom. Steven's eye twitches.
Ronaldo says: "Ever since I became a Crystal Gem, uh..."
Ronaldo says: "sleeping..."
Ronaldo says: "*chuckles softly* I don't..."
Ronaldo says: "do it."
Steven says: "That's great, Bloodstone."
Ronaldo says: "*sleepy* What a cool name."
Ronaldo says: "I'm so cool."
Ronaldo tries to reach for his sword, and falls out of the bedroom.
Time-Skip; The Next Time.
Steven bides Connie goodbye as she leaves Steven's house.
Steven says: "Bye, Connie!"
Steven says: "See you tomorrow for sword training!"
Steven says: "*bumps into Ronaldo inside the house* Ah!"
Ronaldo says: "Her gem weapon's a sword, huh?"
Ronaldo says: "She totally ripped that off from me."
Steven says: "What?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "That sword belonged to my mom!"
Ronaldo says: "How come I don't get your mom's gempon?"
Ronaldo says: "That's "Gem" and "weapon"."
Steven says: "Well, Connie's been a part of the Crystal Gems longer than you, so..."
Ronaldo says: "Admit it."
Ronaldo says: "She's just in because she's your girlfriend."
Steven says: "What are you talking about?!"
Steven says: "!"
Ronaldo says: "She doesn't even live here!"
Ronaldo says: "I'm here all the time!"
Ronaldo says: "Look at that quality groove I've established!"
Ronaldo says: "*gestures at a groove indented in the couch* If she was a real Crystal Gem, she'd be a little bit more dedicated!"
Steven says: "Are you serious?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "Bloodstone, ever since you got here, all you've done is boss me around!"
Steven says: "Who are you to tell anyone how to be a Crystal Gem?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "You're just- You're just..."
Steven says: "a guy with a blog!"
Ronaldo says: "*deadpan* Is that love?"
Ronaldo says: "Is that acceptance?"
Ronaldo says: "Maybe you're the one that isn't a Crystal Gem."
Ronaldo says: "I think you need to leave and think about stuff."
Trans. Ext. Beach House.
Complying to Ronaldo's words, Steven begins pacing around on the beach.
Steven says: "What is my problem?"
Steven says: "He just wanted to be included."
Steven says: "If I were really a Crystal Gem, I'd never..."
Steven says: "*pauses and realizes* Wait a second."
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Steven stomps back into the house, where Ronaldo is laughing maniacally and patting the kitchen counter, while the Gems watch on.
Ronaldo says: "Amethyst!"
Amethyst says: "Yo, I didn't even say anything."
Steven says: "Bloodstone!"
Steven says: "We need to talk!"
Ronaldo, drooling from his mouth, turns to Steven.
Steven says: "You're right!"
Steven says: "The Crystal Gems are about love and acceptance!"
Steven says: "But you've been acting really mean to me, and I don't love that."
Steven says: "I don't accept that."
Steven says: "I wish I hadn't snapped at you, it's just..."
Steven says: "I really thought you joined because you were interested in the Crystal Gems."
Steven says: "But the second it wasn't about you, you stopped caring."
Steven says: "This isn't the Bloodstone club about making Bloodstone feel good."
Steven says: "This is my whole life!"
Steven says: "Do you care about that or not?!"
Steven says: "!"
Ronaldo's star starts falling off his shirt, and then he collapses onto the floor.
Amethyst says: "Whoa!"
Amethyst says: "You truthed him so hard, he died!"
Steven says: "No!"
Steven says: "Bloodstone!"
Steven says: "Bloodstone!"
Ronaldo begins snoring.
Steven says: "*sighs* He's just asleep."
Steven says: "Guess staying awake for a whole week finally caught up with him."
Pearl says: "Well, what do we do with Fryrocko now?"
Trans. Ext. Beach Citywalk Fries; Night-time.
The Crystal Gems drop Ronaldo outside on the ground of the Beach Citywalk Fries.
Garnet says: "We should let his parent know he's back."
Amethyst says: "*shapeshifts into Ronaldo* Hey, Dad."
Amethyst says: "I'm back."
Amethyst says: "Blog, blog, blog."
Pearl says: "That was really good!"
Amethyst says: "*shapeshifts back to normal* Thanks!"
Steven says: "I'll..."
Steven says: "text Peedee and let him know he's here."
Steven says: "You think he'll be okay?"
Amethyst says: "You've worried about him enough, Steven."
Garnet says: "Crystal Gems, let's head back."
Garnet, Pearl, and Amethyst leap onto the beach and begin walking off. Steven remains behind, staring at Ronaldo, snoring away on the boardwalk.
Time-Skip; Three Weeks Later.
Steven is walking around the boardwalk, seemingly worried, when he spots Ronaldo brooding on a bench.
Steven says: "Bloodstone!"
Ronaldo says: "Oh."
Ronaldo says: "Hey, Steven."
Steven says: "Are you all right?"
Steven says: "I haven't seen you in..."
Steven says: "three weeks."
Ronaldo says: "Yeah."
Ronaldo says: "I took a real long nap, and then I did some hard thinking."
Ronaldo says: "I wasn't acting like Bloodstone."
Ronaldo says: "I was acting like..."
Ronaldo says: "Jerknaldo."
Ronaldo says: "You accepted me, but I still felt like an outsider."
Ronaldo says: "I guess even amongst outsiders, I am the ultimate outsider."
Ronaldo says: "I think it's better Ronaldo Fryman work alone."
Steven says: "Are you sure?"
Steven says: "I was really glad you wanted to help our cause."
Ronaldo says: "I still do."
Steven says: "Oh."
Steven says: "It's you and Pearl shaking hands."
Steven says: "When did that happen?"
Ronaldo says: "I used the magic of photo-editing software."
Ronaldo says: "Hey, but, uh..."
Ronaldo says: "Ronalphlets aside, can I ask you something?"
Steven says: "Yeah?"
Ronaldo says: "Why don't you use your Gem name?"
Steven says: "Oh."
Steven says: "My Gem name is my mom's name."
Steven says: "Actually, the only time Gems really call me that is, if they're about to kidnap me or beat me up."
Ronaldo says: "That's rough, buddy."
Ronaldo says: "You want me to put that in the Ronalphlet?"
Steven says: "Eh..."
Steven says: "maybe not."
Ronaldo says: "Got it."
The star iris then closes on Ronaldo's face, ending the episode.
END.