Open Int. Gem Battlefield.
Steven is walking through the Gem battlefield, covered in strawberry bushes, with the Gem and Lion.
Steven says: "This place is even bigger and more weapon-y than I remember."
Pearl says: "This was a site of a historic battle."
Pearl says: "Every weapon here was left by a Gem over 5,000 years ago."
Pearl says: "I don't like to disturb it, but Garnet said we can't just leave these lying around."
Garnet picks up a giant battle-axe and hoists it over her shoulder.
Garnet says: "Never know when you might need one of these."
Steven says: "I need one of those all the time!"
Pearl says: "Why don't you look for one that's more..."
Pearl says: "you?"
Steven says: "Okay!"
Steven says: "Lion, come help me look."
Lion start a butterfly and walks away after it.
Steven says: "Aw, come on."
Pearl says: "You really need to train that thing better."
Steven says: "Oh, we've been making progress, now he looks at me when I say his name!"
Steven begins to repeatedly call Lion's name, but Lion ignores him and starts digging in the ground.
Steven says: "Uh, sometimes..."
Lion's digging reveals a pink object in the dirt.
Pearl says: "What's he got now?"
Lion lifts the object up in his mouth, revealing to be a scabbard.
Pearl says: "*gasps* That's the scabbard for Rose's sword!"
Pearl says: "*tries to snatch it from Lion's mouth* Gimme!"
Pearl says: "Gimme!"
Pearl says: "*takes hold of the scabbard and waves her hand at Lion* Shoo, shoo."
Lion grunts at Pearl, unamused.
Steven says: "Mom fought here?"
Pearl says: "That's right!"
Pearl says: "And I fought alongside her."
Amethyst says: "Man, I wish I could've seen it!"
Garnet says: "No, you don't."
Garnet says: "Countless Gems were broken here."
Garnet says: "It was a maelstrom of destruction and death."
Pearl says: "*jumps in* But we won!"
Pearl says: "Your mother led us to glorious victory!"
Pearl says: "The odds were against us, and our hearts were uncertain."
Pearl says: "But we chose to fight alongside Rose, and here we made our stand against our Homeworld!"
Trans. Int. Beach House.
The Crystal Gems warp back home, with the weapons they have gathered from the battlefield.
Amethyst says: "This is great!"
Amethyst says: "My room's been needing another pile."
Garnet says: "Amethyst!"
Garnet says: "Help me with this axe."
Amethyst and Garnet try to fit the battle-axe through the Temple Gate, conservating and making a commotion in the background.
Pearl says: "It's been ages..."
Amethyst background.
Turn it clockwise! No, your other clockwise!
Steven stares at Pearl.
Pearl says: "W-What is it, Steven?"
Steven says: "What was Mom like?"
Pearl says: "She was courageous, and brilliant..."
Pearl says: "*looks at the painting of Rose* And beautiful..."
Pearl says: "Sometimes, you look so much like her."
Steven says: "Really..."
Steven says: "?"
Steven and Pearl look behind briefly at the commotion Amethyst and Garnet are causing.
Amethyst background.
Yeah, lift it backwards!
Garnet background.
You mean "pull!".
Amethyst background.
Yeah, "pull," sure.
Pearl says: "Hey, Steven..."
Pearl says: "Maybe you should hold onto this."
Steven says: "Woah..."
Steven says: "Thanks, Pearl."
Steven says: "If anything tries to eat me, I'll bop them with this!"
Pearl says: "That's just the scabbard, Steven."
Pearl says: "It held your mother's sword."
Pearl says: "Nothing else could fit so perfectly inside."
Pearl says: "For all this time it's been..."
Pearl says: "incomplete."
Steven says: "Well, let's complete it."
Steven says: "Where's the sword?"
Garnet manages to fit the battle-axe through the door.
Amethyst says: "That's it!"
Amethyst says: "Yeah, you got it!"
Pearl says: "Can you keep a secret?"
Steven says: "A secret?!"
Steven says: "!"
Pearl says: "*covers Steven's mouth* Shh!"
Pearl says: "It's a secret, even to Garnet and Amethyst."
Pearl says: "Rose had a place that she kept hidden from all but me, but you have her gem."
Pearl says: "That place is yours now, and I can show it to you!"
Steven says: "Uh, okay."
Steven and Pearl warp into a canyon, with Steven looking extremely confident.
Pearl says: "Now it's just a three-hour hike that way, followed by a vertical climb at 90 degrees."
Pearl says: "Think you can handle it?"
Steven's confidence quickly fades away. Time passes, as Pearl climbs up the mountains with Steven strapped onto her back.
Pearl says: "I was your mother's sole confidant—"
Pearl says: "for the words she could share with no one else, I was there to listen."
Steven says: "Why'd she keep so many secrets?"
Pearl says: "She had to, Steven!"
Pearl says: "It's the mark of a great leader, knowing just what to keep hidden from everyone you're trying to protect."
Pearl says: "Everyone except me!"
The pair eventually reaches the top and arrive at a huge platform in the middle of a flooded cave.
Pearl says: "Welcome to Rose's Secret Armory!"
Steven says: "Woah..."
Steven says: "I've been here before!"
Pearl says: "*smile quickly fades away* Wha—"
Pearl says: "?"
Pearl says: "You must be thinking of someplace else, I'm the only other Crystal Gem that's witnessed the Armory's magnificence before now."
Steven says: "Nuh-uh, Lion showed me."
Pearl says: "The lion?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Steven beckons Pearl and they walk towards the center of the platform.
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Steven says: "There's all kinds of great stuff hidden in here."
The platform begins to glow as Steven steps on it, startling Pearl a bit.
Pearl says: "I know!"
Pearl says: "That's why I brought you here!"
Pearl says: "Now let me show you how you can access the artillery."
Steven says: "That's okay!"
Steven says: "I can do it without you."
Steven says: "Wham!"
Steven walks up and presses his hand on the hand pedestal. Nothing happens for a brief moment.
Steven says: "Oh, right!"
Steven says: "*pokes himself in the cheek, and the armory activates* We got some..."
Steven says: "axes."
Pearl says: "The Axes of Ages?"
Steven says: "*pokes his side* Oh!"
Steven says: "We got spikey chain lady and her metal dealies."
Pearl says: "The Heretic's Anguish?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Steven says: "We got a..."
Steven says: "*pokes his side again* O-oh!"
Steven says: "Three pack of laser light cannons."
Pearl says: "The Quartizine Trio!"
Steven says: "*pokes his nose* Boop!"
Steven says: "And..."
Steven says: "a whole lot of these armor guys."
Pearl says: "*gets frustrated* The Armor of the Fallen!"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "What were we looking for?"
Pearl says: "Her sword!"
Pearl says: "Your mother's sword!"
Pearl says: "*projects a hologram of the sword* It's a straight bladed saber that's pink with a red handle."
Pearl says: "There are vines etched in the guard that connect to a rose-shaped pommel."
Steven says: "Oh, I know where that is."
Pearl says: "*dumbfounded* Huh?"
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Steven approaches to pull Rose's Sword out of Lion's mane as the Gems watch.
Steven says: "♫ Dadadadada..."
Steven says: "Here it is!"
Pearl says: "Rose's sword, how did it get in there?"
Steven says: "I don't know."
Steven says: "*hands the sword to Pearl, and she slots it in the scabbard* But there's a ton of stuff in there, I keep stuff in him too."
He jumps into Lion's mane and jumps out riding his bike.
Steven says: "Ta-da!"
Pearl says: "But how?"
Pearl tries to enter Lion's mane, but he growls at her.
Pearl says: "Does Lion have something to do with Rose?"
Amethyst says: "Oh..."
Amethyst says: "of course!"
Amethyst says: "THAT'S why he's pink!"
Garnet says: "It's a little obvious."
Pearl says: "But..."
Pearl says: "Rose didn't have a lion."
Steven puts his helmet and bike back into Lion.
Steven says: "It seems like her stuff in there."
Pearl says: "NO!"
Pearl says: "Rose didn't have a lion, because if Rose had a lion I would have known about it!"
Garnet says: "Rose kept many things secret, even from us."
Pearl says: "But not from me, I was the one she told everything!!"
Amethyst says: "Yo, you're not the ONLY one who misses her!"
Pearl says: "YOU can't understand how I feel, NONE of you had what we had!"
Steven says: "She probably just wanted to protect you, like everyone else."
Pearl says: "WHAT DO YOU KNOW?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Pearl says: "?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Pearl says: "YOU'VE NEVER EVEN MET HER!!!!!"
Pearl slams her fist into the wall, which causes the painting of Rose to fall. Pearl gasps and Garnet quickly catches it. Pearl looks at Steven and then runs off.
Amethyst says: "Fine, go!"
Amethyst says: "Go cry about it!"
Pearl warps away, as Garnet hangs the painting back on the wall.
Steven says: "Where did she go?"
Amethyst says: "Who cares?"
Amethyst says: "I HATE it when she gets like this."
Steven says: "Garnet?"
Garnet does not reply, and Steven wipes his tear in his eyes.
Steven says: "Is she okay?"
Garnet does not reply again.
Steven says: "Well, I am going to find her *turns to Lion* Do you know where she went?"
Lion growls in response.
Steven says: "I'm going to assume that means you do."
Steven says: "*hops on Lion's back* Let's go find Pearl!"
Lion opens a portal with his magical roar and jumps in with Steven.
Garnet says: "Good luck."
Trans. Int. Gem Battlefield, Night time.
Steven and Lion arrive at the Gem Battlefield and spot Pearl standing alone, embracing Rose's sword.
Steven says: "Pearl?"
Pearl says: "*quickly runs off* Leave me alone!"
Steven and Lion begins chasing after her, catching up to her with Lion's portals.
Steven says: "Wait for me!"
Pearl runs in a different direction and jumps off a cliff onto floating chunks of earth.
Pearl says: "Get that thing away from me!"
Steven says: "You better sit this one out, Lion."
Steven gets off Lion and starts jumping across the chunks of earth too.
Steven says: "Okay, I've had a talk with Lion, he's gonna, uh, chill out here, uh, we're alone now, nice and private."
Pearl ignores Steven continues to jump higher, while Steven struggles to catch up.
Steven says: "Good idea, I'll meet you at the top."
Steven eventually arrives at the top-most chunk. Pearl stands on a huge platform, separated by a large gap in between Steven and her.
Steven says: "This is really hard to do in sandals."
Pearl says: "Go away!"
Steven says: "Pearl!"
Steven says: "Did I..."
Steven says: "did I do something wrong?"
Steven says: "You got to tell me!"
Steven attempts to jump across the gap to reach Pearl, but falls when he sees her anguished face.
Pearl says: "STEVEN!"
Steven quickly grabs onto a root of the platform at the last second and climbs back up.
Steven says: "PEARL!"
Steven says: "Pearl, you have to tell me what's wrong."
Pearl says: "Sometimes, you even sound like her..."
Pearl says: "Do you remember this place?"
Pearl says: "Do you have any of her memories?"
Pearl says: "We were right here, over 5,000 years ago."
Pearl summons a hologram of Rose Quartz and begins to reenact an ecnounter with her.
Holo-Rose says: "Pearl..."
Pearl says: "Yes?"
Holo-Rose says: "I'm going to stay and fight for this planet."
Holo-Rose says: "You don't have to do this with me."
Pearl says: "But I want to!"
Holo-Rose says: "I know you do."
Holo-Rose says: "Please, please understand if we lose, we'll be killed, and if we win, we can never go home."
Pearl says: "But why would I ever want to go home, if you're here?"
Holo-Rose chuckles and offers her hand to Pearl.
Holo-Rose says: "My Pearl."
Pearl says: "You're wonderful..."
Pearl grasps Holo-Rose's hand, and the hologram disappears soon after.
Pearl says: "Everything I ever did, I did for her."
Pearl says: "Now she's gone, but I'm still here."
Pearl says: "Sometimes, I wonder if she can see me through your eyes."
Pearl says: "*sighs* What would she think of me now?"
Steven struggles to comprehend her feelings and hugs Pearl from behind.
Steven says: "Well..."
Steven says: "I think you're pretty great."
Pearl begins to cry and the pair embraces each other for a while. They eventually return back to Lion, and Pearl returns Rose's Sword back into Lion's mane. Steven pulls out a top hat and does a magic trick with Lion's mane for Pearl. Steven then jumps into Lion and comes back out with Rose's Battle Flag. Pearl, unheard, tells a story to Steven while holding her flag proudly.
Pearl unheard.
Steven and Pearl then ride on Lion back home, while Pearl hoists the flag over her shoulder.
END.