Open Int. Beach House.
Steven is eating a can of cream corn on the kitchen counter, as he dramatically narrates his actions.
Steven says: "This is it, folks."
Steven says: "Rookie sensation Steven Universe readies his last spoon full of Colonel Kernel's Classic Creamed Corn."
Steven says: "As the crowd waits with bated breath, one bite between him..."
Steven says: "and destiny."
Steven says: "*takes an spoonful of cream corn and swallows it* And he's done it!"
Steven says: "He's eaten four cans of creamed corn!"
The Temple Gate opens and the Gems walk out of Pearl's Room.
Pearl says: "Good afternoon, Steven."
Steven says: "Guys, check this out!"
Amethyst says: "Stoo-man in the house!"
Amethyst says: "Whatcha got?"
Amethyst says: "Whatcha got?"
Steven says: "I got four empty cans of Colonel Kernel's Classic Creamed Corn!"
Garnet says: "..."
Garnet says: "Cool."
Steven says: "Yeah, and on the back, are five dollar coupons for mini-golf."
Steven says: "I ate four cans, so we all can go together."
Pearl says: "That's so thoughtful, Steven."
Pearl says: "Unfortunately though, uhh..."
Amethyst says: "*shrugs* We gotta go on a mission..."
Steven says: "What?"
Steven says: "*drops the cans in shock* Not again!"
Steven says: "But you guys promised we'd hang out!"
Garnet says: "A dangerous artifact has appeared in the Northern Hemisphere, we need to go retrieve it."
Steven says: "But mini-golf is so much fun!"
Steven says: "There's castles, and windmills, and I like it, and- oh look, look what I brought!"
Steven says: "*runs to the living room* I pulled out my dad's old clubs and also found a pair of his old golf pants."
Steven says: "They're a little big on me, but you can wear them, Garnet!"
Pearl and Amethyst chuckle while Garnet's face remains expressionless. The Gems then step on the warp pad.
Amethyst says: "See ya, buddy!"
Pearl says: "We'll bring you something back!"
The Gems warp away. Steven sighs heavily and falls backwards onto the ground.
Steven says: "Well, you're not the only ones with a dangerous adventure to tackle."
Steven starts to play Mini Golf Quest and eat chips. In-game, a professor hands the player a golf club.
Steven says: "Awww yeah!"
Steven says: "You received the Mythril Putter!"
Steven says: "*imitates game sound and starts reading the characters' dialogues* "Don't worry Professor."
Steven says: "We're gonna sink 'em all!"
Steven advances in the game, when he encounters his first in-game enemy, a walking windmill.
Steven says: "Uh oh."
Steven says: "Oh windmill."
Steven says: "Why must we always fight?"
Steven says: "*begins fighting the windmill enemy* Man, it would've been just like this!"
Steven keeps playing until the next day. He eventually made it to and defeats the final boss, revealing to be the professor at the start of the game.
Steven says: ""I can't lose!"
Steven says: "I am the greatest golfer in the Universe!"
Steven says: "" *makes explosion sounds, as the game ends, and laughs* Alright!"
Steven says: "Secret ending!"
Pearl says: "Hey, Steven!"
Pearl says: "We're back~!"
Steven says: "Hey."
A cutscene from the game begins to play on the TV screen. The main in-game character, named Ace, stands in front of a mechanical door.
Ace says: "Project F."
Ace says: "L."
Ace says: "O."
Ace says: "G!"
Ace says: "That's "golf" backwards."
Ace opens the door and finds a cryogenic capsule inside.
Ace says: "What is this?"
Amethyst suddenly pops in from above and blocks Steven's view.
Amethyst says: "HEY, STEVEN!"
Amethyst says: "Wanna hear about where we've been?"
Steven says: "Un—"
Steven says: "Oh!"
Steven says: "Wait!"
Steven says: "Wait, hold on!"
Ace says: "*wiping the fog on the cryogenic capsule* June 9, 2014?"
Ace says: "But that was the date he disappeared!"
Amethyst then tumbles in front of Steven, completely blocking his view.
Steven says: "Hey!"
Garnet says: "Steven!"
Garnet says: "Look at this."
Ace keeps talking in the background.
Amethyst says: "It's the Wailing Stone we found!"
Garnet says: "The Wailing Stone I found."
Pearl says: "Isn't it neat?"
Pearl says: "It uses high-frequency sound waves as a message relay..."
Steven says: "*trying to watch the game cutscene* Guuuys!"
Pearl says: "..."
Pearl says: "Between two fixed points in space and time!"
Amethyst says: "Look, you just have to push this!"
The Wailing Stone activates and emits a loud piercing noise, forcing everyone to cover their ears and even breaking the TV. Pearl quickly pushes the top of the Wailing Stone, turning it off.
Pearl says: "Amethyst, I told you not to turn it on the house!"
Amethyst says: "Hahaha!"
Amethyst says: "Chill out, P."
Amethyst says: "It's not like anyone got hurt, and Steven loved it!"
Amethyst says: "*sees a dazed Steven* Steven?"
Steven says: "THAT WAS THE SECRET ENDING!"
Steven says: "Now I have to replay the final dungeon all over again!"
Steven says: "It's not fair!"
Steven says: "I can't go mini-golfing, I can't play my game, I can't stop going into the bathroom because I ate all that Creamed Corn, so much corn..."
Steven says: "*sighs* I just wish I had a place for myself."
Steven's gem suddenly starts glowing, and he lifts up his shirt to inspect it.
Steven says: "Huh?"
Steven says: "My gem!"
A hum is heard from the Temple Gate as the Crystal Gems turn toward it. Rose's Symbol begins to glow as well on the Temple Gate.
Pearl says: "Rose's door."
Pearl says: "Steven, your gem is opening your mother's room."
The door opens up with Rose's symbol and reveals a doorway glowing in light pink.
Steven says: "*approaches the doorway* Woah..."
The Gems collectively warn Steven.
Pearl says: "Steven, wait!"
Amethyst says: "Steven, wait!"
Garnet says: "Steven, don't go in there!"
Steven says: "It's never about what I wanna do, is it?"
Steven says: "Well now we have a place where I'm going and YOU CAN'T COME!!"
Pearl says: "STEVEN!"
Amethyst says: "STEVEN!"
 says: "STEVEN!"
Garnet says: "STEVEN!"
The door closes up behind Steven, separating him from the Gems.
Steven says: "YES!"
Trans. Int. Rose's Room.
The door poofs into pink clouds and disappears...
Steven says: "Woah..."
Steven says: "*starting walking and looking around the room* So this is my mom's room?"
Steven says: "She must've liked clouds a lot."
Steven says: "But what kind of room doesn't even have a bed?"
A bed suddenly appears underneath Steven.
Steven says: "Woah!"
Steven says: "Cool!"
Steven says: "Hm..."
Steven says: "This bed is pretty nice."
Steven says: "But you know what would be really nice?"
Steven says: "Quadruple-bunk beds!"
The bed elevates Steven up high and turns into a quadruple bunk bed complex.
Steven says: "With a slide!"
Steven says: "Ehehehe."
Steven says: "What next?"
Steven says: "Hmmmm..."
Steven says: "Ummmm..."
Steven says: "A Tiny Floating Whale?"
The Tiny Floating Whale appears in front of Steven and makes tiny whale sounds.
Steven says: "*giggles* Wow!"
Steven says: "Here I can get anything I ask for!"
Steven says: "But you know what I really want?"
Steven says: "I wanna see the end of my game, without being interrupted!"
A TV with Golf Quest Mini playing on it pops-in. Steven and the Tiny Whale high-fives. The secret ending cutscene continues, as Ace opens the cryogenic capsule, a man emerges and sits upright from it.
Ace's Father says: "It's me, your father!"
Ace's Father says: "After decades of cryostation, I'm finally free!"
The cutscene ends with Ace and his father standing on and overlooking from a hill.
Ace says: "Saving the day is just par for the course."
Steven says: "Awesome!"
Steven says: "*yawns* Hmm..."
Steven says: "I'm kinda hungry now."
A donut appears.
Steven says: "*laughs* Alright!"
Steven says: "*tries to eat the donut, but it poofs away* Wha..."
Steven says: "?"
Steven says: "Hey!"
Steven says: "I want a real donut!"
Another donut appears. Steven tries to eat it, and again, it poofs away.
Steven says: "What?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "Can you believe this?"
The Tiny Floating Whale responds in tiny whale sounds.
Steven says: "Now I have to go out for donuts!"
A door appears and Steven exits through it.
Steven says: "Don't get excited, guys."
Steven says: "I'm only back for a second."
Steven comes back to an empty house, when the Gems nowhere to be found.
Steven says: "Well, good!"
Steven says: "I didn't want to see you anyway."
Steven them makes his way to the Big Donut.
Steven says: "Hey!"
Steven says: "How's my favorite fine foods franchise?"
Steven says: "So, I'm thinking..."
Steven says: "Double chocolate cinnamon twist with sprinkles on the side."
Steven says: "You know I like to dip."
Sadie and Lars just stand at the counter and smiling away.
Steven says: "Uhhh..."
Steven says: "Steven to Sadie and Lars!"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Is this like a joke or something?"
Sadie says: ""Hello, Steven."
Lars says: ""Hello, Steven."
Sadie says: "What kinda donut would you like?"
Lars says: "What kinda donut would you like?"
Sadie says: ""It's very nice to see you, Steven!"
Lars says: ""It's very nice to see you, Steven!"
Steven says: "Well, it's very nice to see you, too!"
Sadie says: ""Here are your donuts!"
Lars says: ""Here are your donuts!"
Sadie says: ""OK, we love you, Steven!"
Lars says: ""OK, we love you, Steven!"
Sadie says: "Bye bye, now!"
Lars says: "Bye bye, now!"
Sadie and Lars retreat backward to the back of the store.
Steven says: "Wait, where are you guys going?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "I still haven't paid for these!"
Steven says: "You guys, hold on a- *pause*..."
Steven says: "sec."
Steven exits the building through the back door and finds that the sky has turned dark, and the town of Beach City looking rather desolate. He looks around and sees Onion standing under a streetlight.
Steven says: "Huh?"
Steven says: "Hey, Onion!"
Steven says: "Have you seen Lars and Sadie?"
Steven says: "They should have just been out here!"
Steven says: "Hey, if you see them, let me know."
Steven says: "Okay?"
Steven says: "Here, have a donut."
Steven says: "*pokes Onion with the donut, and he does not react* I'll leave it here for you."
Steven says: "*puts the donut on Onion's head* See you later!"
Steven walks along the boardwalk to search for Lars and Sadie, passing by Beach Citywalk Fries without noticing Frybo standing inside the counter.
Steven says: "All the lights are on."
Steven says: "But no one is here..."
Steven says: "*suddenly notices Frybo and walks back to the fries shop* Peedee?!"
Steven says: "!"
Frybo puts a plate of fry bits on the counter.
Steven says: "Oh, fry bits."
Steven says: "Usually I'm all about the bits."
Steven says: "But I'm feeling kinda spooked right now."
Frybo keeps putting plates of fry bits in the same place, the plates seemingly merging together, and Steven gets frightened.
Steven says: "GAH!"
Steven says: "Uh, you know what?"
Steven says: "I think I'm gonna look around some more."
Steven says: "See you later, Frybo!"
Steven continues walking around Beach City, exploring Beach City Funland first. He then walks towards Funland Arcade, when the lights and games suddenly turn on, which spooked Steven.
Steven says: "Ah!"
Steven then stops by the beach, where he finds Connie standing and staring out to sea.
Steven says: "Connie!"
Steven says: "I can't believe it's you."
Steven says: "When did you get back in town?"
Steven says: "Huh?"
Steven sees the tides of the sea jerking back and forth unnaturally.
Steven says: "AH!"
Steven says: "The water!"
Steven says: "Connie, what's happening?"
Steven says: "Where is everyone?"
Connie says: "*turns around with blank eyes* "He was INCREDIBLE!"
Steven says: "Huh?"
Connie says: ""He was INCREDIBLE!"
Steven falls backwards in shock. He looks around and find the other Beach City's residents standing still with blank expressions behind him.
Connie says: ""He was INCREDIBLE!"
Steven says: "Wha..."
Steven says: "What?!"
Steven says: "!"
Connie says: ""He was INCREDIBLE!"
Steven says: "Get me out of here!"
Connie keeps chanting "He was incredible!" as Steven runs past the different residents.
Steven says: "What's wrong with your faces?"
Steven says: "Lion, you too?!"
Steven says: "!"
Connie says: "*echo* "He was INCREDIBLE!"
Steven keeps running, but suddenly finds himself treading in nothing but water everywhere.
Steven says: "Can someone please explain this?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "Huh?"
Steven suddenly sinks in the water, and emerges from the ground in front of It's a Wash.
Steven says: "Ah!"
Greg says: "*exits the building* Steven!"
Steven says: "Dad!"
Steven says: "Is that you?"
Greg says: "What?"
Greg says: "Of course!"
Greg says: "You doing alright?"
Greg says: "You look like you saw a ghost."
Greg says: "Either that, or you stayed up all night playing a video game."
Steven says: "Dad, I'm freaking out."
Steven says: "I feel like I'm stuck inside of some crazy dream!"
Greg says: "Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa."
Greg says: "Why don't we share some of those donuts and you can tell me about this crazy night you're having?"
Steven says: "The Gems were trying to tell me something about Mom's Room."
Steven says: "But I was so mad that I didn't listen."
Steven says: "They're always leaving me behind, and..."
Steven says: "I guess I wanted to do it to them, too."
Greg says: "That's not so bad."
Greg says: "Everyone needs some alone time now and then."
Steven says: "*laughs* Yeah."
Steven says: "It was really fun for a while."
Steven says: "But now, the whole city; everyone and everything is acting really weird."
Greg says: "Well the important thing is you told the truth."
Steven says: "Yeah, I..."
Steven says: "guess I did."
Greg air-guitars again.
Steven says: "Uh, Dad?"
Steven says: "Your advice is making less sense than usual."
Greg says: "Well the important thing is family and friendship, honesty values, and no one got arrested."
Steven tries to eat the donut in his hands, but it poofs away into clouds.
Steven says: "AH!"
Steven says: "I'm still in the room!"
Steven says: "All of this, it's all a FAKE-A-ROO!"
Greg air-guitars again and then disappears, along with his van.
Steven says: "*gasps* AAH!"
Steven says: "This is all wrong!"
Steven says: "Huh?"
Steven says: "Ah!"
Steven then begins to see Beach City vanishing piece by piece, along with its residents. He starts to run up to a hill to escape the vanishing town. However, the hill begins to vanish too, and Steven falls into a void.
Steven says: "Uh!"
Steven says: "AAAAH!!!"
Steven says: "I don't want this!"
Tiny Floating Whale says: "*pops in, with Rose's voice* What do you want, Steven?"
Steven says: "I want to be back with the Gems!"
Steven tries to hug the Whale, but she poofs away too. Steven then curls up in a fetal position.
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Steven is seen catapulting out of Rose's room, hitting Garnet in the face, and they both collapse onto the floor.
Garnet says: "Oof!"
Steven says: "*gasps* Garnet!"
Garnet says: "Ow."
Steven says: "*gasps* You're not clouds!"
Amethyst says: "Alright, Steven!"
Pearl says: "*in pain* AGHUUHH!!!"
Steven says: "Guys, it was awful!"
Steven says: "I was trapped in a messed up version of Beach City."
Steven says: "Everyone was acting super weird and..."
Amethyst says: "Rose's room built the whole town?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Pearl says: "*hits Amethyst's face with her elbow* It can't handle a task like that!"
Pearl says: "Thank goodness you're OK!"
Steven says: "*sighs* I'm sorry I got mad, guys."
Steven says: "I get it now."
Steven says: "Things can't always go exactly how I want."
Pearl says: "Oh Steven, we're sorry, too."
Amethyst says: "Mm-hmm."
Garnet says: "But guess what?"
Garnet says: "We have time to hang out, now."
Trans. Int. Mini Golf Course.
Steven says: "I always get what I want!"
Garnet, wearing Greg's golf pants, lightly putts a golf ball into a hole while Amethyst watches. The star iris then zooms in on Steven's face, ending the episode.
END.