Open Ext. The Barn.
Steven and Peridot share their underground experience with the the Cluster with Garnet, Pearl, and Amethyst outside the barn.
Peridot says: "It was so intense down there!"
Peridot says: "We were already a few layers into the Earth's crust, WHEN SUDDENLY -- WA-PAMO!"
Peridot says: "KA POWIE!"
Peridot says: "All these gross Cluster limbs started clawing at the drill."
Peridot says: "So, I whipped out the old Photon Blaster and, "PEW PEW P-CHOW CHOW!"
Peridot says: "Take that, Cluster!"
Peridot says: ""."
Peridot says: "And Steven was all, "My feelings!"
Peridot says: "", and then up and passes out on me!"
Peridot says: "Then everything started glowing and..."
Peridot says: "well, yeah, wait."
Peridot clears her throat.
Peridot says: "I'm sure Steven can fill you in on the rest since he's the one who saved us."
Peridot says: "You should've seen it, right Steven?"
Peridot says: "Tell 'em what happened in there!"
Steven, gazing at the barn, does not respond..
Peridot says: "Steven?"
Steven says: "Hold on a sec."
Steven says: "I'll be right back."
Steven walks to the barn to check on Lapis Lazuli, who is lying on a bed made of hay. Garnet then walks up to him.
Garnet says: "I see you're worried about your friend."
Steven says: "Yeah."
Steven says: "When I saw her in my dreams, it looked like she was fighting so hard to keep Malachite from escaping."
Garnet says: "Lapis spent an unbearable amount of time fused with Jasper."
Garnet says: "The emotional and physical strain of that type of fusion; I can't imagine."
Garnet says: "She's gonna need a lot of time to recover."
Steven says: "*sighs* You're right."
Garnet says: "Come on, I'm dying to hear more about what happened underground."
Steven says: "*chuckles* Okay."
Steven and Garnet walk off.
Time Skip - Night-time.
Steven is fast asleep outside of the barn in a caterpillar sleeping bag, when he hears noises from the inside of the barn. He walks in and sees Lapis standing at the broken side of the barn, fully recovered with her water wings spread out, ready to fly off again.
Steven says: "Lapis, you're okay!"
Lapis says: "Steven!"
Steven says: "You're..."
Steven says: "leaving."
Lapis says: "I have to, Steven."
Lapis says: "I don't belong on Earth, not with the Crystal Gems."
Lapis says: "I never have..."
Steven says: "It's okay, I understand, I just wish we could've hung out more."
Steven says: "I feel like I only get to see you when something horrible's going on."
Lapis says: "*looks relieved* That's just how it is with me."
Lapis says: "Steven..."
Lapis says: "thank you."
Lapis says: "Goodbye, again."
Steven says: "*teary-eyed* Bye."
Lapis takes off into the skies as Steven sadly watches her go.
Time Skip - The Next Day.
Greg is packing Steven's belongings into his van, as they prepare to leave from home. Steven talks to Peridot, who is lounging on an old tractor, before leaving.
Steven says: "Are you sure you wanna stay?"
Steven says: "You could always come back to the temple with us and live in the bathroom again."
Peridot says: "No thanks, I have seen what goes on in there."
Steven blushes in embarrassment.
Peridot says: "Besides, I've grown accustomed to this place, and I should probably fix the hole that I made with my giant robot."
Steven says: "Mm, okay!"
Steven says: "Well, have fun redecorating!"
Greg says: "Well, that's everything..."
Greg says: "*closes the van back doors* And then some."
Greg says: "Steven, you ready to go home?"
Garnet says: "*pops out of the van window* All seat belts are fastened!"
Steven says: "Peridot says she's staying."
Greg says: "Eh, it's probably for the best."
Greg says: "I don't think she would've fit in the van."
Steven says: "You guys go on ahead, I'll catch up with you on Lion."
Greg says: "Sure, o-okay, I'll see you in a bit."
Greg gets in the van and drives off, and Steven waves goodbye.
Steven says: "See ya!"
Steven says: "Now where is that feline?"
Steven says: "*starts calling out* Lion?"
Steven says: "Hey, Lion?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "*inhales deeply and yells* LEEEE-on!"
Steven says: "I have a big steak right here in my hand for you!"
Steven holds an imaginary steak in his hand, and drops it.
Steven says: "Whoops, I dropped it and it fell out of existence!"
Steven begins walking around the area.
Steven says: "You can't hide from me too long because you love me soooo much!"
Steven looks around, when he spots Lapis sitting on top of the silo next to the barn.
Steven says: "Whoa, Lapis!"
Steven climbs up to the top of the silo. He struggles to keep his balance on the steep roof, but manages sits down beside Lapis.
Steven says: "I thought you left?"
Lapis says: "I was leaving, then I realized I've got nowhere to go."
Lapis says: "Who knows what they would do to me back home after what I did to Jasper?"
Lapis says: "I can't go back to Homeworld and I can't stay here."
Steven says: "Sure you can!"
Lapis says: "What?"
Steven says: "You can totally stay here, it doesn't have to be here here."
Steven says: "You can live anywhere!"
Steven says: "You don't have to stay in Beach City if you don't want to."
Steven starts listing city names while counting his fingers.
Steven says: "You could live in Surf City or Sea City, Aqua Town, Bayburgh, and that's just the places I know of off the top of my head."
Steven says: "I could show you around."
Lapis says: "Really?"
Steven says: "Yeah, we could find you a new place to live."
Steven says: "I really only know the tri-state area but my phone has a global positioning system."
Lapis says: "Uhh, okay, let's go look."
Steven says: "Ready Freddy?"
Lapis says: "My name's Lapis."
Lapis sprouts her water wings and sits down, allowing Steven to jump onto her back to carry him.
Lapis says: "You okay like this?"
Steven says: "Mhm!"
Lapis leaps off the silo and the pair take off into the skies. Steven is rallied up with fear and excitement while he clings onto Lapis's back, watching the barn and silo shrink in distance. He then shouts in excitement as they fly past a moving train and farm fields.
Steven says: "So, how about this?"
Steven says: "You could live out here in the country; there's no noise, no rules, and it'd just be you becoming one with nature."
Lapis Lazuli dives downwards and flies below the trees of a forest.
Lapis says: "*looking around in curiosity* Why would I want to do that?"
Steven says: "It's fun."
Steven says: "If you live with these trees, you could build a giant bird nest and have squirrels for pets!"
Steven says: "You could eat acorn pie every night, and when it gets hotter or rains, you would be protected by these nice leaves."
Lapis says: ""Leaves"..."
Lapis then flies upwards and above the trees, when a leaf gets caught up in Steven's mouth and he pulls it out.
Steven says: "Whoa, Lapis, look at this!"
Steven says: "This leaf turned orange."
Steven says: "This means the season are changing from summer to fall."
Lapis says: "Wow."
Steven says: "So, what do you think?"
Lapis says: "Hmmm, I'm not sure."
Steven says: "*takes out his phone* That's okay, there's plenty of places we haven't been yet."
Steven says: "Come on!"
Trans. Ext. Empire City, Night-time.
Lapis and Steven flies towards the bustling city of Empire City.
Lapis says: "What's this?"
Steven says: "This must be Empire City."
Steven says: "Isn't it cool?"
Lapis says: "It's very..."
Lapis says: "bright."
Steven says: "Yeah, that's why they say, "What happens in Empire city never sleeps."
Lapis says: "So, what does happen in Empire City?"
Steven says: "Well, let's see."
Steven says: "If you lived here, you could get a cool apartment, and be a single Gem taking on the big city."
Lapis says: "I have no idea what you're talking about."
Steven says: "Awww."
Lapis says: "Hey, what's that shadowy place right there?"
Steven says: "Oh, that's Jersey."
Lapis says: "Is it populated by machines?"
Steven says: "No, those are cars."
Steven says: "They make a lot of smog though."
Steven says: "*coughs from the pollution* You'd like it in Jersey."
Steven says: "The people here seem to hate the Earth, too."
Random Bystander says: "Quit flyin' in our sky, you mooks!"
Lapis and Steven respond by making fart noises in their palms and continue flying, laughing with each other. Lapis then flies above the clouds and Steven gazes at the starry sky.
Steven says: "Wow, Lapis!"
Steven says: "It's so beautiful up here."
Lapis says: "Eh, it's alright, I guess I can see why you like it."
Lapis says: "*smirks at Steven* Hold on!"
Lapis picks up the pace and speeds through the clouds. She then does a loop-de-loop and drop-catches Steven, holding him by his hands.
Steven says: "Whoa!"
Lapis says: "Check it out!"
Steven says: "Woohoo!"
Lapis and Steven laugh as Lapis flies towards the horizon of the shining moon.
Steven says: "Hey, we made it out all the way over the ocean."
Steven says: "I wonder how far out we are?"
The Galaxy Warp then comes into view in the middle of the ocean.
Steven says: "Oh, cool, the Galaxy Warp."
Lapis glares intensively at the Galaxy Warp, unknowingly loosening her grip on Steven's hands.
Steven says: "Umm, Lapis?"
Steven says: "I'm slipping a little there, bud."
Steven says: "*chuckles nervously* Lapis, Lapis, I'm slipping."
As Steven nearly slipped away, Lapis quickly grabs hold of Steven's hands tightly.
Lapis says: "S-sorry!"
Lapis says: "I'm sorry."
Lapis and Steven land on the Galaxy Warp and they both walk towards the broken Homeworld warp.
Lapis says: "This is where I was abandoned."
Steven says: "What happened?"
Lapis begins controlling the water around the Galaxy Warp, creating walls of water, and floods the whole place. She then walks up to the Homeworld Warp, covers it in water, and projects a crystal-clear surface on it.
Steven says: "Whoa..."
Steven says: "It's like a mirror."
Lapis starts projecting her memories on the water like a mirror, as she retells her tale.
Lapis first arrived on Earth in the middle of a beautiful green-filled savanna.
Lapis Narrator.
It was thousands of years ago. I was only meant to visit for a short time, but I got caught in the middle of the war.
Lapis suddenly found herself in the chaos of the Gem Battlefield, as devastation happened all around her.
Lapis Narrator.
It was awful. I tried to run, but...
Lapis was suddenly confronted by a rainbow-haired Gem. She tried to fly off, but the Gem attacked her, dissipating her physical form and leaving her gem behind.
Lapis Narrator.
I was picked up by a Homeworld soldier and confused for a Crystal Gem, and used as a tool.
Lapis' gem was picked up and placed on the back of the Mirror.
Lapis Narrator.
They'd asked me, "Show us your base!", "Where is your leader?" I didn't know. I couldn't say I'm not one of them.
Dozens of Homeworld Gems glared at Lapis, helplessly trapped in the mirror.
Lapis Narrator.
It soon became clear that there was no hope in stopping the rebellion. All of the Homeworld Gems fled, and all the panic of escaping Earth, I was left behind.
Homeworld Gems began fleeing Earth via warp pads and spaceships. Lapis mirror was dropped behind, and a Gem accidentally stepped on it, cracking her gem. After all the Homeworld Gems had fled, a bright flash of light then appeared in the sky.
Lapis Narrator.
And there I stayed. Freedom in my sight, but out of reach for ages, until I was found.
Lapis' mirror remained at the Galaxy Warp, constantly gazing up into the sky, until a younger Pearl appeared and picked her up.
Lapis eventually loses her concentration in her despair and releases her control over the water.
Steven says: "Are you okay?"
Lapis says: "I'll be fine."
Lapis says: "Let me take you back."
Steven says: "You sure you don't want to take a minute?"
Lapis says: "It's fine."
Lapis says: "I just wanna get outta here."
Steven says: "Okay."
Lapis sprouts her water wings and takes off with Steven away from the Galaxy Warp.
Lapis says: "For a moment, I really felt like things were different, but they're not."
Lapis says: "No matter where I go, I'm trapped."
Steven says: "But you're not."
Steven says: "You're not underwater, you're not in a mirror."
Steven says: "This time, you're free!"
Lapis says: "But I'm still on Earth."
Steven says: "Yeah, but nothing is still on Earth."
Steven says: "Everything's always changing."
Steven says: "Leaves, cities, even Jersey changes."
Steven says: "My dad says the rest stops used to be pretty gross, but now they have sushi."
Steven says: "This isn't the same world that held you prisoner, not anymore, and I know it doesn't feel like home but maybe that can change, too."
Trans. Ext. the Barn, Dawn.
Steven and Lapis land near the barn.
Steven says: "I know you can't go back to Homeworld, but if you stay here, it'll be your choice to stay here."
Lapis says: "It's funny."
Lapis says: "For all this time I spent on Earth, I barely saw any of it."
Steven says: "That's not funny!"
Steven says: "That's super sad."
Lapis looks at the horizon as the sun rises.
Lapis says: "I..."
Lapis says: "I wanna see it."
Steven says: "Yeah?"
Lapis says: "I wanna stay here!"
Steven says: "Here?"
Steven says: "Like here here?"
Lapis says: "Yeah, here here!"
Peridot randomly pops in.
Peridot says: "Yes, "hear hear" everybody."
Peridot says: "..."
Peridot says: "What are we talking about?"
Lapis says: "You!"
Lapis says: "?"
Peridot says: "Lazuli, nice to see you up and about."
Lapis says: "What are YOU doing here?!"
Lapis says: "!"
Peridot says: "This is my new home away from Homeworld!"
Lapis says: "No, it's not!"
Lapis says: "It's MINE!"
Lapis says: "Right, Steven?"
Steven says: "Eh..."
Steven says: "Oh, boy."
The star iris closes on Steven, now stuck in a dilemma, ending the episode.
END.