Open Int. Amethyst's Room.
Steven and Amethyst are hanging out inside her room of the Crystal Temple. Steven climbs a junk pile beside a puddle and steps on a Bass Fish Toy, causing it to sing "Fishing for Compliments".
Steven says: "*giggles* Cannonball!"
Steven says: "*plunges into the puddle* Amethyst, did you see?"
Steven says: "I think that was my best one!"
Amethyst says: "Eh."
Amethyst says: "You need to put more "ball" in your "cannon"."
Steven says: "*looks down* Is that gonna hurt?"
Amethyst says: "Not if you do it like..."
Amethyst says: "THIS!"
Steven says: "*climbs back to dry ground, laughing* That was awesome!"
Steven says: "I want to jump in some more puddles."
Amethyst says: "*emerges from the water* Okay."
Amethyst says: "*points to different puddles* You can try this one..."
Amethyst says: "or that one."
Steven says: "*sees a small puddle next to him* What about this one?"
Amethyst says: "Whoa, Steven!"
Amethyst says: "Wait!"
Steven dunks his head into the puddle and find himself in The Burning Room. He then sees Garnet passes by as she places a bubbled gem in the room. Amethyst then dunks her hand in and pulls Steven's head out of the puddle.
Amethyst says: "*speaks nervously* Only Garnet is allowed in there!"
Amethyst says: "Let's do something less dangerous."
Amethyst says: "*looks around* Why don't you jump off that?"
Steven says: "Whoa."
Steven says: "How do you even stack your stuff that high?"
Amethyst says: "It's a talent."
Steven grunts as he proceeds to climb towards the top of the junk pile. He then looks down from atop, seeing Amethyst standing next to a puddle, both looking really small from the sheer height.
Amethyst says: "Do it!"
Steven says: "Amethyst, I hope you're ready!"
Steven says: "'Cause here I..."
Steven says: "Goooo—"
Steven says: "*jumps off the pile, and hits a tire along the way* Unh!"
Steven says: "Aaaaah!"
Trans. Int. Pearl's Room.
Steven manages to plunge into the puddle and emerges on the other side, on what seems to be one of the various waterfalls in Pearl's room.
Steven says: "*gasps* Huh?"
Steven says: "Am I in Pearl's room?"
Amethyst says: "*pops up next to Steven in the water* Ha!"
Amethyst says: "that was crazy!"
Amethyst says: "Huh?"
Amethyst says: "*sees Pearl dancing with a pink bubble full of Gem Shards* What is she doing with a Rose Quartz bubble?"
Steven says: "My mom bubbled that?"
Amethyst says: "Garnet's gonna be so maaa—"
Amethyst sinks her mouth underwater and begins moving towards Pearl. Steven chuckles and follows suit.
Pearl says: "*inspecting Rose Quartz bubble* Ah."
Pearl says: "Hmm."
Pearl says: "hmm?"
Pearl says: "Mm-hmm."
Pearl says: "Mm..."
Amethyst says: "*sneaks up behind Pearl* BUSTED!!!"
Pearl says: "*startled* What are you doing in here?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Amethyst says: "*mockingly* What are you doing in here?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Pearl says: "*blushes* I..."
Pearl says: "just wanted to see how the shards are reacting to Rose's bubble."
Pearl says: "And it's none of your business."
Amethyst says: "I think it's Garnet's business."
Steven says: "Oooooohhhh!"
Pearl says: "*grabs Amethyst's by her shirt nervously* Don't tell her!"
Amethyst says: "How are you gonna stop me?"
Pearl kicks Amethyst in the face, and she bites Pearl's foot in retaliation.
Pearl says: "Aggh!"
Pearl says: "Ame-thyst!"
Steven says: "*runs in between Pearl and Amethyst* Guys, stop fighting!"
Pearl says: "*to Amethyst* Heathen!"
Steven says: "*takes the Rose Quartz bubble from Pearl* Here."
Steven says: "Let's just put it back..."
Pearl says: "Steven, be careful with that!"
Amethyst says: "Yeah, give it to me!"
Pearl and Amethyst reach for the bubble at the same time and accidentally pop it together. Everyone gasps as they stare at the now-unbubbled shards on Steven's hands. The shards then glow and reform into several disembodied limbs. Steven screams as the limbs crawl away, scattering throughout the temple via the waterfalls in Pearl's room.
Steven says: "*whispers* We gotta get Garnet."
Amethyst says: "No!"
Amethyst says: "No way!"
Amethyst says: "We just freed a bunch of mindless Gem chunks, okay?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Amethyst says: "They're going to crawl who knows where, all over the temple."
Amethyst says: "And when Garnet finds out, we're dead!"
Pearl says: "*hyperventilates for a moment, before calming down slightly* She's not going to find out..."
Pearl says: "We're going to catch them."
Pearl says: "All of them."
Amethyst says: "You're right."
Amethyst says: "Every single one, back in a bubble and back in the basement!"
Pearl says: "Like nothing ever happened."
Steven says: "And then we tell Garnet?"
Pearl says: "No!"
Amethyst says: "No!"
Pearl says: "*places her hand on Steven's shoulder* This has to stay a secret, okay?"
Steven says: "Our secret..."
Steven says: "together?"
Steven says: "*gasps* If we've got a secret, we've got to do this right, which means we got to come up with a name for our secret-keeping team."
Steven says: "Something cool, like..."
Steven says: "the "Secret Team"!"
Pearl says: "Uh..."
Steven says: "And a Secret Team needs membership cards that we can show off to other people!"
Steven says: "*pulls two coupons out of his pocket* Here!"
Pearl says: "*reads her coupon* Fish Stew Pizza?"
Amethyst says: "Eh, what's a "VIP"?"
Steven says: "Well, if you collect enough of them, you can get a free pizza."
Steven says: "But now, they're the official card of..."
Steven says: "the Secret Team!"
Pearl says: "..."
Pearl says: "Greeaat, Steven."
Pearl says: "Come on."
Pearl says: "We're doing this."
Amethyst says: "*nods* Hm!"
Steven says: "Secret Team, move out!"
Trans. Int. Crystal Temple.
Steven, Pearl and Amethyst begin rounding up the gem shards all through the temple as "Secret Team" plays in the background. The Secret Team logo occasionally flashes in between followed by a whisper of "Secret Team". They make their way through Amethyst's room, the room with floating platform and the Crystal Heart, poofing and collecting gem shards as they go. During the hunt, Pearl and Amethyst seem to be getting along positively, which pleases Steven.
Trans. Int. Pearl's Room.
The Secret Team returns back atop a waterfall in Pearl's room, totaling the gem shards they have on each hand.
Pearl says: "Okay."
Amethyst says: "That looks like all of them."
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Steven says: "Secret Team!"
Pearl says: "Hmm..."
Pearl says: "Are you sure we didn't miss any?"
Amethyst says: "No way!"
Amethyst says: "We totally nailed this."
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Pearl says: "*clears throat* If you're sure this is all of them, then we just need to seal it in a Rose Quartz bubble."
Amethyst says: "Steven, this is all you!"
Amethyst says: "Think you can handle it?"
Steven says: "Yeah."
Steven says: "I can do it."
Pearl says: "Of course you can!"
Pearl says: "You're part of the Secret Club!"
Steven says: "Secret Team."
Pearl says: "Ah, yes."
Pearl says: "Secret Team."
Amethyst says: "Yeah, that thing."
Steven proceeds to bubble all the shards together.
Trans. Int. Burning Room.
Steven dunks his head in the puddle in Amethyst's room again, preparing to put the bubbled shards back in the Burning Room, when he sees Garnet in the room. He gasps as Garnet turns her head slightly towards him.
Trans. Int. Amethyst's room.
Amethyst and Pearl are holding Steven by his legs, when he starts flailing around, and they pull him out of the puddle.
Steven says: "*gasps* G-Garnet!"
Amethyst says: "Did she see you?"
Steven says: "I don't think so."
Pearl says: "Then what are you waiting for?"
Amethyst and Pearl dunks Steven back in the puddle. With Garnet still in the room, Steven quietly places the bubbled shards in the room and exits the puddle.
Pearl says: "Mission accomplished."
Pearl says: "Congratulations, us."
Amethyst says: "Aww, yes."
Amethyst says: "We're off the hook."
Steven says: "All right!"
Steven says: "So, what's next?"
Amethyst says: "Nothing "next"."
Amethyst says: "The mission is over."
Pearl says: "Now everything goes back to normal and we never speak of this again."
Steven says: "But what about..."
Steven says: "Secret Team?"
Trans. Beach City Boardwalk.
Steven walks along the boardwalk wearing a fedora, casting a shadow over his face, and walks up to Beach Citywalk Fries.
Mr. Fryman says: "Hey, Steven!"
Mr. Fryman says: "What'll it be?"
Steven says: "Give me..."
Steven says: "the bits."
Mr. Fryman leaves to get some fry bits, as Steven retrieves a dollar bill and the VIPIZZA coupon from his pocket. He looks at the coupon in dismay.
Steven says: "We were the best, Fryman."
Mr. Fryman says: "*places a bag of bits on the counter* Who was the best?"
Steven says: "*slams his fist on counter dramatically* I can't tell you!"
Steven says: "*sighs* How come the best things in life are things you can't tell other people because you'd get in big trouble?"
Mr. Fryman says: "Steven, are you in a gang?"
Steven says: "Not these days."
Steven says: "But maybe I can be again."
Mr. Fryman says: "That kid keeps getting weirder."
Ronaldo says: "*suddenly appears behind the counter, wearing a similar fedora, and waves at Steven* I like your hat!"
Trans. Int. Pearl's room.
Steven gathers Pearl and Amethyst back atop the waterfall in Pearl's room.
Steven says: "I know you must be wondering why I brought you all here."
Steven says: "It's 'cause I'm gettin' the team back together!"
Steven says: "So, here's the gig."
Steven says: "*pulls a photo out of pocket and hands to Pearl* I left my special hat at the Big Donut."
Pearl says: "I've never seen you wear this."
Steven says: "But now it's closed for the day."
Steven says: "So the mission is, we break in and get it back."
Steven says: "And, bam!"
Steven says: "The Secret Team is back on top!"
Amethyst says: "*sweating* Steven, Secret Team is over."
Pearl says: "Secret Team?"
Pearl says: "What's that?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Steven says: "Aw, come on!"
Steven says: "We had so much fun together!"
Steven says: "Getting along, sneaking around—"
Pearl says: "*grabs Steven by the shoulders* Steven!"
Pearl says: "That was not about fun."
Pearl says: "*crosses her arms* That was about fixing our terrible mistake."
Amethyst says: "Eh, your terrible mistake."
Amethyst says: "You shouldn't have had that bubble in the first place."
Pearl says: "It never would have popped if you hadn't invaded my personal space!"
Steven says: "Aw, come on."
Steven says: "Team, team!"
Amethyst says: "Fine, you can have all the personal space you want, 'cause I never want to be on a team with you again!"
Amethyst pulls out her VIPIZZA coupon and rips it in half. Steven gasps in horror as she drops it on the ground.
Pearl says: "Good!"
Pearl says: "I don't want to be on a team with you, either!"
Amethyst says: "Fine!"
Pearl says: "Fine!"
Steven says: "Guys, come on!"
Pearl and Amethyst leave in separate directions, leaving a dismayed Steven behind.
Trans. Int. Fish Stew Pizza.
Steven sits alone in the pizza restaurant, when the door bell jingles and Garnet enters.
Garnet says: "*sits across Steven* I'm here."
Steven says: "I have something I want to tell you."
Garnet says: "Pizza."
Steven says: "No!"
Steven says: "I..."
Steven says: "need to come clean."
Steven says: "Pearl and Amethyst popped a bubble."
Steven says: "We made a Secret Team to cover it up 'cause they didn't want you to know."
Garnet says: "And now you're trying to do the right thing."
Steven says: "Not really..."
Steven says: "I just want Secret Team again."
Garnet says: "I see, I know how to handle things with them."
Garnet says: "We'll have to form our own Secret Team to do it."
Steven says: "*gasps* You mean like..."
Steven says: "a Super Secret Team?"
Garnet says: "Pizza Daughter!"
Garnet says: "I'll take one "pizza posse" card."
Trans. Int. Pearl's room.
Pearl is training with her spear in her room atop a waterfall, when Garnet leaps in, carrying Steven and Amethyst.
Pearl says: "*gasps* Garnet!"
Garnet drops Steven and Amethyst in front of Pearl.
Amethyst says: "What's the deal?"
Pearl says: "*runs to Steven's side* Steven!"
Steven says: "What's this all about, Garnet?"
Garnet says: "I know all about the Gem shards!"
Pearl says: "Uh..."
Steven says: "*getss up* I—"
Steven says: "It was me!"
Steven says: "I'm the one who popped the bubble!"
Steven says: "All by myself."
Pearl says: "Steven..."
Pearl says: "*stands up* I can't believe you..."
Pearl says: "!"
Garnet says: "*sighs and crosses her arms behind her back* If no one has anything else to say, and everyone else is innocent..."
Garnet says: "Steven, I'm going to have to punish you."
Steven says: "No!"
Steven says: "Not punishment!"
A giant black hand suddenly emerges out of the water and shove Garnet underwater. Steven, Pearl and Amethyst watch in shock, and the black hand reappears at another waterfall, holding Garnet in its fist.
Amethyst says: "GARNET!"
Amethyst and Pearl summon their weapons and charge at the black hand, which quickly retreats underwater.
Steven says: "Oh, no!"
Steven says: "We must have missed a shard!"
The black hand keeps popping in and out from various waterfall. Amethyst, caught off-guard, gets punched by the black hand, flinging her onto another waterfall. The black hand then engages Pearl in combat. Amethyst tries to rush back towards the hand, but another one emerges out of the water and stops heron her track.
Steven says: "*gasps* Amethyst!"
Amethyst gets disarmed and tries to dodge the attacks from the second black hand. She quickly resummons her whip and wraps it around the middle finger of the hand. The hand then reels Amethyst towards it and grips her tightly, lifting her high above Steven.
Pearl says: "Aahhhh!"
Steven says: "Pearl!"
The first black hand grabs Pearl too, lifting her beside Amethyst. Amethyst and Pearl struggle and grunt in pain as the hands squeeze them tightly.
Pearl says: "Amethyst, shapeshift!"
Pearl says: "Get small or..."
Pearl says: "something!"
Amethyst says: "I can't!"
Amethyst says: "I'm freaking out!"
Amethyst says: "YOU do it!"
Pearl says: "I can't concentra- Aah!"
Pearl says: "*gets flailed by the hand and clamped down again* Unh!"
Pearl says: "This is all my fault!"
Pearl says: "I never should have had that bubble!"
Amethyst says: "It wouldn't have popped if it wasn't for me!"
Steven says: "We should've told Garnet!"
Steven says: "We should've told her right away!"
Steven says: "I knew Secret Team was wrong!"
Steven says: "I just—"
Steven says: "I wanted to see you guys acting like friends!"
Garnet then emerges out of the water in front of Steven.
Steven says: "*gasps* Garnet?"
The black hands release Amethyst and Pearl. Garnet begin to shapeshift her arms back to normal, revealing that the black hands are hers all along.
Pearl says: "What?"
Amethyst says: "Huh?"
Garnet says: "So, you two can't get along unless you think I'm going to kill you."
Steven pulls out his VIPIZZA coupon and rips it too. Amethyst and Pearl reveal their torn coupons from earlier in their hands and drop them alongside the other torn coupons.
Steven says: "You know what?"
Steven says: "Between the four of us..."
Steven says: "We could've had a free pizza."
The star iris zooms in on the torn VIPIZZA coupons floating on the water, ending the episode.
END.