Open Int. Beach City Funland.
Steven is waking in a daze, a ringing in his ear and looking really worried. The siren of an alarm is heard, as he looks around and sees Beach City Funland in ruins, with giant teacups scattered across the park, and several people including Amethyst and Pearl seem to be hurt. Only Garnet appears unharmed, standing up and looking in Steven's direction.
Time Skip - 2 weeks after the incident.
The Crystal Gems are warping through a warp stream.
Garnet says: "Pay attention Steven, this is going to be your first serious mission."
Garnet says: "You need to be ready."
Steven says: "*is warping upside-down excitedly* Yes!"
Steven says: "I’m ready, I’m so ready!"
Pearl says: "Steven, come on, you’re gonna make yourself sick."
Pearl says: "*turns Steven upright, gets hit in the eye by Steven’s ukulele and scoffs* Why did you bring that?"
Steven says: "I don’t know!"
Steven says: "I was excited, and i-it’s mine, and I like it!"
Steven says: "Huh?"
Pearl says: "Steven get back here!"
Trans. Int. Gem Battlefield.
The Gems warp safely onto a Warp Pad in the middle of a field of giant strawberries.
Pearl says: "..."
Pearl says: "hurt!"
Steven warps several feet into the air and several yards away from the Warp Pad, and falls into the strawberry field, groaning in pain.
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "Are you..."
Pearl says: "??"
Steven says: "*gets up* I-I’m fine!"
Steven says: "I’m good."
Steven says: "I’m just gooey."
Steven says: "Aah!"
Steven says: "They’re in my eyes!"
Garnet says: "*swats the butterflies away from Steven* They’re just butterflies, Steven."
Steven says: "*gets up and laughs sheepishly* Well, they looked a lot bigger when they were on my eyeballs."
Amethyst says: "*laughs* Steven, you’re a riot!"
Pearl says: "*to Garnet* I’m suddenly having second thoughts about bringing Steven on this mission..."
Garnet says: "*puts her palm on Pearl's shoulder* Shh."
Garnet says: "Just look at him."
Garnet says: "Now let’s go recover the gemstone."
The Crystal Gems begin walking through the strawberry field, littered with swords stuck in the ground.
Pearl says: "*looking around* Unbelievable, this was once a Gem battlefield, now it's wild strawberries as far as the eye can see!"
Pearl says: "*twirls in joy* Oh, that’s what I love about the Earth!"
Pearl says: "Maybe this will be a light mission after all."
Pearl says: "Oomph."
The Crystal Gems find themselves standing in front of an upside-down pyramid temple.
Garnet says: "Maybe not."
Garnet summons a small pyramid piece and slots it into the Pyramid Temple. The door magically disappears, revealing a path into the temple.
Steven says: "Woooaahhhh!"
The Crystal Gems enters the temple.
Steven says: "WOOOAAHHHH!!!"
Trans. Pyramid Temple-Outer Chamber.
Steven says: "*yelling* Steven’s the best!"
Steven says: "Why thank you, temple!"
Amethyst says: "You’re a doof."
Steven looks around and sees a small pyramid levitating on a pedestal.
Steven says: "Hey, what’s this thing?"
Steven says: "*examines the pedestal* It’s like a cool floaty triangle thing."
Pearl says: "Whatever it is..."
Pearl says: "..."
Pearl says: "you probably shouldn’t touch it."
Steven touches the small pyramid and it tips over. The Temple begins to shake and rumble. The Gems quickly rush to Steven.
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "What have we told you about touching magical things?"
Steven says: "Definitely..."
Steven says: "always..."
Steven says: "never do it!"
The Crystal Gems begin to float off the ground, as they are seemingly sucked into a hole in the ceiling.
Trans. Int. Pyramid Temple-Inner Chamber.
The Crystal Gems fall through a corridor and onto the other side. The Gems land gracefully on the ground, except Steven, who lands flat on his stomach. The hole is then sealed up and torches begin to light up all around them, revealing several doorways.
Amethyst says: "Looks like we’re gonna have to split up."
Pearl says: "Right!"
Pearl says: "*holds Steven close to her* Steven and I will stay right here where it seems to be safe, while you guys go and solve the mystery of this place."
Steven says: "Wait, I want to help solve the mystery!"
Amethyst says: "Yeah, c'mon Steven, let’s solve the mystery."
Steven says: "Yeah, mystery solvers!"
Pearl says: "*snatches Steven away* No, no no-no-no."
Pearl says: "You two are a disaster waiting to happen."
Garnet says: "Steven goes with me."
Steven says: "Really?"
Steven says: "Awesome!"
Garnet says: "But remember, this is a serious mission."
Steven says: "*still being held by Pearl* Understood."
Steven says: "Serious Steven!"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Pearl, can you put me down?"
Pearl says: "Wha-?"
Pearl says: "Oh, yes, of course."
Steven says: "I need to be standing or else it doesn’t work."
Steven says: "Serious Steven!"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Activate!"
Pearl says: "But this could be the teacups all over again."
Steven says: "*blushes* Hey, I’ve put that behind me!"
Steven says: "*walks through a doorway and starts singing* Oooh, we’re on a magic treasure hunt, for some magic treasure junk!"
Steven says: "Something, something, magic something!"
Steven says: "Huh?"
A door on the other side of the room glows, and random tiles on the floor begins to light up all around the room.
Garnet says: "We need to stay on the glowing panels."
Steven says: "Right!"
Steven says: "Serious Steven!"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Go!"
Steven says: "*hops across the panels and reaches the other side* Oh yeah!"
Steven dances in joy, when the temple suddenly rumbles, causing Steven to trip and fall onto a non-glowing panel. The glowing panels all turn red and the room begin to shake, as the floor collapses into a pit of open flames. The panel under Steven collapses too, and he clings onto the edge of an intact panel.
Garnet says: "Steven!"
Steven begins to lose his grip and falls towards the fire pit. Garnet hops across the intact panels, catches Steven in time and plants her feet into another intact panel, holding Steven upside-down by his leg.
Steven says: "*laughs* Woo-hoo!"
Steven says: "That was- *quickly changes tone* Uhh..."
Steven says: "seriously dangerous."
Steven says: "Thank you Garnet."
Steven and Garnet walk into another chamber while Steven pats away the fire on his hair. The door closes behind them again, startling Steven, and the chamber starts to rumble.
Garnet says: "We can take a break if you’re not feeling well, Steven."
Steven says: "Huh?"
Steven says: "Oh, no."
Steven says: "I’m okay!"
Steven says: "Let's keep going!"
Garnet says: "Alright, but be careful, you might trigger a trap with that gun-show."
Steven says: "Right, I’ll put these babies away, and use my minds."
Steven says: "*starts inspecting the wall* Maybe there’s a clue hidden in these ancient drawings."
Steven says: "It looks like, there’s lots of triangles hidden somewhere in this room."
Steven feels around the wall and accidentally pushes a section of the wall inwards. Spikes then appear from the ceiling.*.
Garnet says: "Run!"
Several ceiling spikes begin crushing upon Steven and Garnet. Steven barely misses the trap, ripping his shirt and the strip of his ukulele. Garnet steps in, summon her gauntlets and use them to stop the spikes.
Steven says: "Ah, my ukulele!"
Garnet says: "Steven!"
Garnet says: "*still holding up the spikes*  Now is probably not the best time for that."
Steven says: "Oh, u-uhh, r-right!"
Garnet says: "*somersaults towards Steven, escaping the trap* Now that was a pretty close one."
Garnet says: ")"
Steven says: "*laughs nervously* Yeah."
Steven says: "That was a pretty..."
Steven says: "close..."
Steven says: "one."
Garnet and Steven enter into another chamber, this time, full of swinging blades, spikes, falling lava and open flames. The door closes behind them, and Steven becomes visibly nauseated and frightened.
Garnet says: "Get ready, Steven."
Garnet says: "This is gonna be intense."
Flashback-2 weeks earlier.
The Crystal Gems are preparing to ride The Teacups ride in Beach City Funland, operated by Mr. Smiley.
Garnet says: "*calmly* Get ready Steven."
Garnet says: "This is gonna be intense."
Steven says: "I’m ready!"
Mr. Smiley starts up the ride, with Pearl and Amethyst, sleeping, in one cup, and Garnet and Steven in the other cup.
Pearl says: "*holding a teapot* I misunderstood the point of this ride."
Garnet says: "This is fun, Steven."
Steven says: "*nauseated* I think..."
Steven says: "I need to get off this ride now!"
Garnet says: "Steven, no!"
Steven falls onto Mr. Smiley, breaking the lever to the ride. The ride starts to spin out of control and flings all of the cups off the ride, causing mass destruction. Mr. Smiley then grabs Steven off the ground by his shirt.
Mr. Smiley says: "*laughs nervously* Steven!"
Mr. Smiley says: "You are banned from all the rides!"
Mr. Smiley says: "Forever!"
Time Skip — Present day.
Garnet is carrying Steven, slowly waking up. She sets Steven down on the ground, revealing they are now at the other side of the chamber.
Steven says: "Whoa."
Steven says: "We made it?"
Garnet says: "I carried you while you took a nap."
Steven says: "N-Nap?!"
Steven says: "!"
Garnet and Steven steps into a large chamber. They look up and sees the sealed hole where they previously fell in from.
Garnet says: "We’re back where we started."
Steven says: "Whaaaat?!"
Steven says: "!"
Pearl says: "*rushes in* Garnet, there you are!"
Pearl says: "The doors and rooms here make no sense, they all bring you here!"
Amethyst says: "*runs out of a doorway, groaning in agony* Get me out of here!"
Pearl says: "There are sixteen doors, and we entered from the northeast and went through three consecutive rooms in a straight line..."
Pearl says: "THIS IS A DEATH TRAP!"
Steven says: "Wha..."
Steven says: "What do we do?!"
Steven says: "!"
Garnet says: "We go back in."
Garnet says: "Again, and again, and again, and again."
Steven says: "*starts panicking* I CAN’T!!!"
Pearl says: "*concerned* Steven."
Garnet says: "It’s okay."
Steven says: "No, no it’s not!"
Steven says: "You were all right about me."
Steven says: "I wanted to do this so bad, but now I feel like I’m gonna throw up."
Steven says: "This is JUST LIKE THE TEACUPS!!!"
Pearl says: "Oh Steven, I-I didn’t really mean that!"
Steven says: "WAIT!!!!"
Steven says: "Ah!"
Steven says: "Wait you guys, what if this is just like the teacups?"
Steven says: "That’s why we’re getting so lost."
Steven says: "That’s why I’m feeling so sick."
Steven says: "All the rooms are spinning us around so we end up here!"
Garnet walks towards the center of the room and starts pounding it with her gauntlets. The floor breaks and the Crystal Gems fall into a hidden lower room filled with spinning upside-down pyramids, orbiting around a central floating obelisk embedded with a gemstone.
Steven says: "Whoa!"
Pearl says: "This is unbelievable!"
Pearl says: "*projects a hologram of the room mechanism* This Gem-powered mechanism!"
Pearl says: "It's manipulating the rooms above."
Pearl says: "Every room we entered spun us until we came back to the central chamber!"
Pearl says: "It’s just like the teacups ride at Funland!"
Garnet says: "Steven already figured that out!"
Pearl says: "*embarrassed* Oh..."
Steven says: "*notices the gemstone in the obelisk and gasps* Garnet, I need to get off the ride now."
Garnet says: "*nods and picks Steven up* Serious Steven!"
Garnet says: "Go!"
Garnet hurls Steven towards the obelisk and he clings onto it Steven starts tuging at the gemstone in the obelisk, causing it to glow and eject itself. The upside-down pyramids stop spinning and begin to glow, being absorbed back into the gemstone. The Pyramid Temple start glowing too and explodes, creating a massive crater and rubble all around. The Gems emerge one by one from the strawberry bushes.
Trans. Gem Battlefield.
Pearl says: "Steven?"
Pearl says: "Steven?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Pearl says: "Where is he?"
Amethyst says: "Ahh, he’s over here."
Steven says: "*still holding the gemstone, covered in strawberry juice again* The Gem..."
Steven says: "!"
Pearl says: "*bubbles the gemstone* Ah, I’d say you handled that adventure very well."
Amethyst says: "Yeah, nice job, “Serious Steven”."
Garnet says: "I prefer regular, Steven."
Steven says: "Hey, my ukulele!"
Steven says: "*tunes his ukulele and starts to sing* Oh..."
Steven says: "That's the end of another day."
Steven says: "It was mighty serious, I'd have to say."
Steven says: "The Crystal Gems looked really cool when they made the temple exploo-  -ooo-aaahhh!"
Steven says: "They’re in my eyes again!"
The star iris zooms in on Steven's ukulele on the ground, ending the episode.
END.