Open. Int. Beach House in snowy day.
Steven says: "*wakes up from alarm* All right, Little Homeschool."
Steven says: "What's on the docket for today?"
Steven says: "*stretch* You can do it!"
Steven gets some filtered water, but Amethyst comes in with raw eggs for eyes.
Amethyst says: "You really gonna skip the most egg-ssential meal of the day?"
Steven says: "Of course not."
Steven says: "I've got all my morning nutrients in this protein shake."
Amethyst says: "..."
Amethyst says: "*pokes yolk to leak* Dude, you're making me sad."
Garnet says: "Steven."
Garnet says: "I packed everything you're gonna need for today in your cheeseburger backpack."
Steven says: "Uh, I don't really use that anymore."
Steven says: "Besides, I packed my own bag."
Garnet says: "At least pet this cat."
Cat Steven says: "Meow."
Steven says: "Why was I going to need..."
Steven says: "*sigh* Never mind."
Steven says: "Got to go."
Pearl says: "Hold it."
Pearl says: "According to my weather application, it's going to snow all day and overnight."
Pearl says: "You're going to freeze if you don't put on a puffer, a hat, and two scarves."
Pearl says: "Better make it three."
Steven says: "*muffles in denial* Pearl, I need to get going!"
Pearl says: "But classes don't start for another couple of hours."
Garnet says: "Wait for us."
Garnet says: "We can head over together."
Amethyst says: "Why are you taking the old Dondai anyway?"
Amethyst says: "We have the warp technology."
Steven says: "It's because I've got errands to run in town before classes start."
Garnet says: "Of course."
Garnet says: "Go get 'em, champ."
Amethyst says: "Yeah!"
Pearl says: "Yeah!"
Amethyst says: "*places hand as well* Go get 'em!"
Pearl says: "*places hand as well* Go get 'em!"
Steven does his errands and returns home.
Garnet says: "Surprise!"
Amethyst says: "Surprise!"
Pearl says: "Surprise!"
Amethyst says: "We were sitting in the dark!"
Steven says: "Hey, guys."
Amethyst says: "Guess what we've got lined up tonight."
Amethyst says: ""Pupcopter's Sky-High Adventure"!"
Pearl says: "Sheet masks with cute animal faces!"
Garnet says: "And, most importantly, pizza."
Steven says: "Uh, guys, I've been a vegetarian for, like, a month, and "Pupcopter" is for 6-year-olds, and I have my own skin care routine."
Steven says: "Anyways, it's cool."
Steven says: "I already ate."
Amethyst says: "Oh well."
Amethyst says: "We'll just watch the movie with Cat Steven."
Garnet says: "My bad."
Garnet says: "I was sure we were in the pepperoni timeline."
Time-Skip.
Steven wakes up to turn the alarm off but accidentally slides it to the ground. He rushes down the stairs to leave, preparing the usual protein shake.
Pearl says: "Look, Steven."
Pearl says: "Together Breakfast!"
Pearl says: "Just like old times."
Steven says: "Too much sugar for me, but thanks."
Steven says: "*opens door* See you at work, guys."
But Steven can't leave, for the door is flooded with snow.
Steven says: "Okay, just have to take the warp, then."
Garnet says: "Steven, I wouldn't do that if I were you."
Steven gets collapsed with more snow from the warp tunnel.
Steven says: "Looks like we have to cancel Little Homeschool for the day."
Steven says: "Pearl, can you send out a mass text?"
Pearl says: "On it."
Amethyst says: "Hold up!"
Amethyst says: "Are you saying we have the day off?"
Pearl says: "Ooo, we can re-read No Home Boys."
Garnet says: "And I'll do all the voices."
Steven says: "No, I don't need you to read to me."
Steven says: "I-if anything, I need to sit down with the calender."
Steven says: "Snow-pocalyse is going to affect the third-quarter schedule."
Steven gets out his notebook.
Amethyst says: "Man, you had a better work-life balance when the Diamonds were trying to destroy the planet."
Steven says: "That was then."
Steven says: "This is now."
Amethyst says: "*groans*..."
Amethyst says: "Hey, you know what we haven't done in a long time?"
Amethyst says: "*shapeshifts into Young Steven and jumps on table* STEVEN TAG!"
Steven says: "Aah!"
Steven says: "*rolls backwards* Amethyst, what the heck?!"
Steven says: "!"
Amethyst says: "You know the rules, buster."
Amethyst says: "You get tagged, you have to turn into Steven."
Steven says: "But I'm already Steven!"
Amethyst says: "Nah, bro."
Amethyst says: "Classic Steven."
Steven says: "Classic Steven?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "Aah!!"
Amethyst gives chase, ending in the bathroom.
Amethyst says: "*laughs* Ste-e-ve-en!"
Amethyst says: "Come out and Pla-a-ay!"
Steven says: "I'm not playing."
Amethyst says: "*tries entering* Aw, dang."
Amethyst says: "He got me with the towel."
Amethyst says: "Ugh, fine!"
Amethyst says: "It's not like we need you to play Steven Tag anyway."
Cautiously, Steven opens the door and looks around. Suddenly, Garnet is spotted on the ground.
Steven says: "Hey, Garnet."
Steven says: "Lose something?"
Garnet says: "It's Cat Steven."
Garnet says: "Haven't seen him all morning."
Steven says: "Oh."
Steven says: "Weird."
Garnet says: "Steven, you should check the cabinets."
Steven says: "Uh, okay."
Steven says: "In here?"
Garnet says: "*pats Cat Steven* Yes."
Amethyst says: "Get ready for Steven Tag!"
Steven runs away, making Amethyst tag Garnet first.
Garnet says: "What an unforeseen turn of events."
Amethyst says: "You know the rules."
Garnet turns into Young Steven, staring with Amethyst at their true target tip-toeing away.
Steven says: "See ya!"
The chase begins. Steven trips on a pillow, and the two jump from above. Steven forms a bubble in time.
Garnet says: "You can't stay in there forever."
Steven gets up and throws Garnet and Amethyst into Rose's room, and Steven exits.
Steven says: "That should keep you busy for a while."
Steven says: "Maybe now, I can get these schedules done in peace."
Steven says: "Huh?"
Unfortunately, Garnet and Amethyst make it out through the Burning Room.
Garnet says: "Steven!"
Steven retreats behind the table.
Steven says: "How'd you get out so fast?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "Whoa!"
Garnet jumps over, forcing Steven upstairs and hidden under his bedsheets.
Amethyst says: "Hiding under the covers, are we?"
Steven is startled out of bed and falls down the stairs. Pearl warps into the Beach House.
Pearl says: "Steven, what are you doing?"
Steven says: "Pearl!"
Pearl says: "Has cabin fever taken hold already?"
Steven says: "It's Amethyst and Garnet."
Steven says: "They're playing Steven Tag to mess with me."
Pearl says: "Steven Tag?"
Pearl says: "Wow!"
Pearl says: "That takes me back."
A red electricity bolt appears behind Pearl and shocks her. Steven's eyes widen as Pearl drops her snow shovel. As it turns out, Garnet has *tagged* her. Pearl keels over.
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Hah!"
Steven says: "Jokes on you!"
Steven says: "Pearl doesn't shapeshift!"
Steven says: "Huh?"
Contrary to Steven's expectations, Pearl shapeshifts into Young Steven. She couldn't suppress her compulsion  to play.
Pearl says: "The power of Steven Tag compels me!"
Garnet and Amethyst giggle and cheer, proud of Pearl's development.
Steven says: "*laughs* Wow."
Steven says: "Good for her."
Eyes glint. They want to tag Steven badly. They chase Steven around the house until the garden dome room. Steven's rest is broken by Pearl's appearance out of a pot plant. Disguises continue to fool Steven into traps. He eventually stand on top of his clothes drawers, threatening to throw tidy clothes.
Pearl says: "Steven, no!"
Pearl says: "I just folded those!"
Pearl is distracted, and Steven attempts to escape. However, Garnet and Amethyst already knew of Steven's plan and blocks his path. Steven had no choice but to jump outside and hide with the snow.
Steven says: "*sighs* They can't hold those forms forever."
Something smashs the snow behind Steven as he looks up and sees a gigantic purple 4-armed creature wearing shades in the form of Young Steven. It's Sugilite, on top of a snowy rock.
Steven says: "What?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "You fused?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "*runs* Hey!"
Steven says: "This is dangerous!"
Steven summons his shield to ski across the snow. Snowballs rain down in response from Sardonyx who also looks like Young Steven.
Steven says: "I'm still not playing!"
Steven swerves to evade the continuing onslaught. He loses control and trips from flying off a nearby rock. Opal is in the prime position, in the body of 14-year-old Steven, too and using Garnet as the projectile to tag what seems to be Steven.
Garnet says: "Target acquired."
Garnet crashes into the figure. However, her prediction is wrong. Steven is not under the jacket.
Garnet says: "It was a snowman..."
Garnet says: "with Steven's jacket."
Garnet says: "Noooooooo!"
Steven has escaped but is shivering.
Steven says: "They'll never stop until they make me play."
As Steven strike a pose, he gets startled as a shadow falls on him. He looks behind himself. It's Alexandrite, who has been shape-shifted into Young Steven as well.
Steven says: "Oh, geez."
Alexandrite breathes a firey flame at Steven, who bubbles to protect himself.
Steven says: "I really didn't want to do this."
Steven says: "But you leave me no choice."
Steven says: "*poses and scowls* I JOIN THE GAME!!!"
Steven is finally convinced. He bounces off Alexandrite's head towards the Beach House. Alexandrite attempts to catch Steven landing on the Obsidian statue's hand but fails. Back and forth, he makes it to the slope of the hill and jumps to the Lighthouse peak.
Steven says: "There's no way she can catch me here..."
Steven says: "Aah?"
Alexandrite beats Steven on top of the lighthouse and unfuse to all separate gems including Garnet to Ruby and Sapphire who are both in Young Steven's form. Then they act as a bombardment for Steven to avoid except Sapphire.
Steven says: "*forms his bubble fists and glares at Amethyst, Ruby and Pearl* ENOUGH IS ENOUGH!"
Steven blasts through the bombardment and lands successfully on the lighthouse's roof, staring down menacingly.
Steven says: "You shouldn't have messed with me."
Steven says: "Huh?"
Sapphire says: "Tag."
Everything shatters around Steven. He falls off the lighthouse.
Steven says: "Oh, no."
Steven says: "Is this the end of my adult life?"
Crash landing. Steven Tag is finished.
Amethyst says: "Ha ha!"
Ruby says: "Sapphire, you did it!"
Ruby says: "You're the best!"
Garnet says: "You've been tagged."
Amethyst says: "You have to tuuurn into little Steeveeen!"
Pearl says: "Those are the rules!"
Steven says: "Hmph."
Steven says: "No."
Garnet says: "Do it!"
Amethyst says: "Do it!"
Pearl says: "Do it!"
Garnet says: "Do it!"
Amethyst says: "Do it!"
Pearl says: "Do it!"
Garnet says: "Do it!"
Amethyst says: "Do it!"
Pearl says: "Do it!"
Cat Steven says: "Meow."
Steven says: "*sighs* Et tu, Cat Steven?"
Cat Steven says: "Meow."
Steven says: "*groans* OKAY!"
Steven says: "I'll do it!"
Garnet, Amethyst and Pearl watch as Steven shape-shifts into his younger self.
Garnet says: "He's so cute!"
Amethyst says: "He's so cute!"
Pearl says: "He's so cute!"
Steven says: "No, I'm not!"
Steven says: "This is tough for me, you know?"
Steven says: "I-I feel like no matter how hard I try, you still see me like this!"
Amethyst says: "Buddy, we just want to spend time with you."
Steven says: "A kid?"
The teen hero's multi-colored friends frown with concern.
Steven says: "I don't want to disappoint you, but this isn't me anymore."
Steven says: "Please, I need you to see me..."
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "for who I am now."
Garnet, Amethyst, and Pearl hug Steven.
Garnet says: "Please forgive us."
Amethyst says: "We didn't mean to hurt your feelings."
Pearl says: "We just miss you, Steven."
Steven's eyes well with tears and his lip quivers.
Garnet says: "We're sorry."
Amethyst says: "We're sorry."
Pearl says: "We're sorry."
Steven says: "I've missed you, too, guys, and, you know, *sighs* it was actually pretty nice to spend time with y-y- Ah-choo!"
Amethyst receives Steven's jacket.
Steven says: "Thanks, Amethyst."
Garnet says: "Steven, we're so proud of the person you've become."
Amethyst says: "Yeah, that's why we wanna hang out with you so much!"
Pearl says: "But, if you need to get back to work now, we'll understand."
Steven says: "Well, I can't because, tag, you're it!"
Amethyst says: "Ah ha!"
Garnet says: "*chuckle* I guess, we have to update the game..."
Garnet says: "*turns into Steven's current form* to this."
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Steven says: "I love it!"
Garnet says: "Perfect."
Garnet says: "*she summons her gauntlets* Now, you all better run."
Steven says: "Ha ha!"
And they all run down the hill, Steven rolling down one, and they played for the day. The next day, Steven wakes up refreshed, and this time, he travels with Garnet, Amethyst, and Pearl back in their normal forms to their duties.
END.