Open Int. Amethyst's Room.
Steven and the Gems are walking through the piles of random junk in Amethyst's room, in search of an object causing the foul odor throughout the temple.
Pearl says: "*to Amethyst* How can you live like this?"
Amethyst says: "It was fine 'til you guys started whining."
Pearl says: "*covers her nose* Whining?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Pearl says: "The whole temple reeks!"
Steven probes some garbage with a stick and retrieves something wrapped in tinfoil.
Steven says: "I found it!"
Pearl says: "*pinches nose* What matter of magical alloy is this?"
Steven unwraps the tinfoil, and a puff of green gas plumes out.
Garnet says: "It's a burrito."
Amethyst says: "*takes the visibly rotten burrito* It's the Tuna Burrito from Aqua-Mexican!"
Steven says: "That place closed like five years ago!"
Steven says: "Huh, what's this?"
Steven says: "*spots a painting of the Gems and Rose Quartz on it* It kinda looks like you guys and my mom."
Pearl says: "*excitedly* Oh Steven, that is us."
Steven says: "Really?"
Garnet says: "The hard part was getting the shark to pose."
Steven says: "Why is everyone dressed like old timey people?"
Pearl says: "*places the painting on top of a junk pile* They are old timey people."
Steven says: "Wait..."
Steven says: "But that would mean..."
Steven says: "how OLD are you guys?"
Pearl says: "Much older than any human."
Steven says: "Does that mean you'll live forever?!"
Steven says: "!"
Pearl says: "No, no."
Pearl says: "We don't age."
Pearl says: "But we can still get hurt and die."
Steven's smile quickly turns into a big frown. Amethyst then starts moaning in pain, visibly sickened, and keels onto the ground.
Pearl says: "..."
Pearl says: "But not from food poisoning."
Steven says: "I just can't believe you guys are like a bazillion years old!"
Steven says: "How do you find a cake big enough for all those candles?"
Garnet says: "*briefly looks at Pearl* We don't really celebrate birthdays."
Steven says: "*gasps loudly* Why not?!"
Steven says: "!"
Garnet says: "*shrugs* It's not our way."
Steven says: "Well I can't just ignore this tremesty  of unjustice."
Steven says: "I pledge that you will have your birthdays, with all the candy, cake, and ice cream you've been denied."
The screen goes black as Amethyst throws up.
Trans. Ext. Crystal Temple.
(Outside says: "a picnic mat with food items, a birthday cake with lots of candles, balloons, and a large "birthday throne"."
several birthday decorations are set up says: "a picnic mat with food items, a birthday cake with lots of candles, balloons, and a large "birthday throne"."
(Outside says: "Amethyst sits on the throne wearing a cape, while Peal and Garnet sit on folding chairs."
several birthday decorations are set up says: "Amethyst sits on the throne wearing a cape, while Peal and Garnet sit on folding chairs."
(Outside says: "Lion is seen playing in the background."
several birthday decorations are set up says: "Lion is seen playing in the background."
(Outside says: ")"
several birthday decorations are set up says: ")"
Steven says: "*crowning Amethyst* And the birthday queen is, Amethyst!"
Steven says: "I hope you like it, Dad made me this outfit and it brings me special birthday luck every year."
Steven says: "*starts singing the "Birthday Song", when he notices Lion playing with a birthday hat* Hey!"
Steven says: ", I-it goes like this."
Steven says: "*puts the hat on Lion's head, and Lion tries to take it off* Lion, you're killing me."
Pearl says: "*holding a balloon with a face drawn on it* Um, Steven?"
Pearl says: "I know you put a lot of effort into..."
Pearl says: "putting faces on things."
Pearl says: "But could it be that we're just a tad mature for this ritual?"
Amethyst says: "*using a birthday hat to simulate Pearl's nose, and pokes Pearl's nose with it* Boop."
Pearl says: "GAH!"
Pearl says: "*chases Amethyst* You will remove that this instant!"
Steven says: "Wait!"
Steven says: "Here."
Amethyst says: "Awww, thanks!"
Amethyst says: "*takes the bat* I'll use it all the time!"
Steven says: "*immediately stops her* No!"
Steven says: "It's for the piñata."
Steven says: "*holding the piñata, as a blindfolded Amethyst swings wildly at it* The piñata is an artifact from ancient Aqua-Mexico."
Steven says: "A-a-aaaaah!"
Amethyst says: "*swings and smacks Garnet repeatedly* Am I..."
Amethyst says: "getting..."
Amethyst says: "close?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Garnet says: "Higher."
Amethyst takes a peeks, jumps at the piñata and smacks it flying out and into the ocean.
Amethyst says: "*casts the bat aside* Ha, what next Steven?"
Steven says: "Well, you were supposed to get delicious candy when you broke it open."
Amethyst says: "*gasps in sadness* Wait, you had candy and you didn't just give it to us?"
Steven says: "There will be more sweet treats at Pearl's party."
Steven says: "I promise."
Trans. Cliff facing Beach City.
Steven brings them to a cliff overlooking Beach City. The Gems are sitting on a picnic mat, with Pearl now wearing the birthday outfit. Steven is dressed like a clown.
Steven says: "Happy Birthday!"
Steven says: "HONK."
Amethyst says: "Steven!"
Amethyst says: "That is a brave look."
Steven says: "No, it's funny."
Pearl says: "How?"
Steven says: "*tries to explain but stops* Oh geez, I'm breaking character."
Steven says: "Wait wait wait."
Steven says: "I wrote some jokes!"
Steven says: "*takes out a pile of papers* "Why did Pearl throw butter out the window?"
Amethyst says: "*looks at a confused Pearl* You did what?"
Steven says: "To see a butter-fly!"
Pearl says: "I never did that."
Pearl says: "Steven, are you telling lies?"
Steven says: "N-no!"
Steven says: "Oh, I know!"
Steven says: "Pearl, do you like pie?"
Pearl says: "I DO like pie."
Steven says: "*gets a pie out of a picnic basket* Well then you're in luck, I baked you a pie."
Steven says: "*mickingly* I sure hope nothing happens to it!"
Pearl says: "Yes, me too."
Steven says: "*intentionally trips* WOAH!"
Steven says: "Whoops!"
Pearl says: "*catches Steven* WOAH!"
Pearl says: "Steven, I've got you."
Pearl says: "*stands him up* Be careful, you almost fell right on that-  Ah!"
Steven says: "*face covered in pie cream* See, Pearl?"
Steven says: "It's funnnnnnnnny!"
Garnet says: "Pearl says she's all partied out and she's ready to go home."
Steven says: "This isn't going at all like it should."
Steven says: "*tosses aside the pie tin and takes off his wig * I've got to pull out the ultimate birthday!"
Trans. empty lot near Big Donut.
Steven brings the Gems to an empty lot. Garnet is wearing the birthday outfit now.
Steven says: "Okay, there's no way you're not gonna love this!"
Steven says: "*points to three small kiddie cars* It's kazoo racers!"
Steven says: "You get in a car, you play a kazoo, what more could you want?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "*blows into a kazoo and holds up three more kazoos* Dad used to do this for me every year."
Pearl says: "*whispers to Garnet anxiously* I think this is why aging makes humans die!"
Garnet says: "Steven, thank you for the birthday parties, but I don't think we'll need any more."
Steven says: "Why not?"
Garnet says: "Our age is only an illusion."
Garnet says: "*takes off the birthday crown* And Pearl's pretty sure this ritual is more for human children."
Pearl says: "*remorsefully* Nothing against children."
Steven says: "Children?"
Steven says: "Everyone gets to have birthdays, seriously, give it a try."
Steven says: "You're never too old."
Garnet says: "We're just too big."
Steven says: "You're not too big."
Steven says: "Y-y-you just get in."
Steven says: "*attempts to get into one of the kiddie cars* And then, uh..."
Amethyst says: "I can fit!"
Amethyst says: "*shapeshifts into a baby and sits in a small kiddie jeep* Which way to the baby war?"
Amethyst says: "*drives the jeep* EAT TREAD, DIRT BAGS!"
Steven says: "What if birthdays are just for little kids?"
Steven says: "What if even..."
Steven says: "I'm too old?"
Amethyst says: "*drives next to Steven* No way!"
Amethyst says: "You TOTALLY fit!"
Amethyst says: "*picks him up and attempts to shove him in* Oh, my bad, you are too old."
Pearl says: "Are you okay?"
Steven says: "I just need to think."
Steven says: "*gets up with the car stuck to his behind* Kazoo Racers suddenly seems undignified."
Trans. Time Skip - Evening, Beach City Boardwalk.
The sun is down and the place is turning dark. Steven walks alone on the boardwalk as a mist rolls in.
Steven says: "I never realized birthdays meant leaving things behind."
Steven says: "All these parties, ugh, so embarrassing."
As the mist envelops Steven, his gem starts to glow, causing him to mature into a teenager, with facial face and pimples. He sighs in a cracking voice, when he sees Onion at the Funland Arcade.
Steven says: "Oh Onion, so young, so innocent."
Trans. Int. Funland Arcade.
Steven says: "*walks into the arcade* Whacker Man Jr."
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "*looks around nervously* Ooh, I can't be seen playing a childish game like Whacker Man Jr."
Steven says: "I better stick to sophisticated games, like regular Whacker Man."
Whacker Man says: "It's whackin' time."
Whacker Man says: "You're gonna get whacked!"
Trans. Beach City Boardwalk.
Steven says: "*walking on the boardwalk again* That was fun, but a boy on the cusp of manhood can't spend the whole day whackering."
Steven says: "I need to take control of my life."
Steven says: "It's time, to get a proper job."
Steven says: "*enters the store and looks at the shirts* But which one?"
Steven says: "Surf Master?"
Steven says: "No."
Steven says: "Love Doctor?"
Steven says: "I'm too squeamish."
Steven says: "Ah, now this is the job for me."
Steven says: "*leaves the store wearing a red shirt that reads "Professional Beach Hunk"* Ha, this day went so fast, I need a pick-me-up."
Trans. Int. Big Donut.
Steven enters the Big Donut as a middle-aged man with balding hair.
Steven says: "Two of the usual please, I've had quite a day."
Lars says: "Ha, you must be confused pal, I work here everyday and I've never seen your mug before."
Steven says: "Oh hardy har, Lars."
Steven says: "I used to make jokes, but you know what?"
Steven says: "I've had a lot of time to think today and sometimes you gotta smarten up, act like an adult."
Steven says: "Because one day, if you don't, everyone you know is gonna grow up without you."
Steven says: "And then you won't have little Steven to pick on anymore because I'll be a grown up too."
Sadie says: "..."
Sadie says: "Steven..."
Sadie says: "who?"
Steven says: "*shocked* STEVEN QUARTZ UNIVERSE!"
Steven says: "And I want THAT doughnut, right there!"
Steven says: "*points at the doughnut case and sees a reflection of himself in the glass* Woa-wooaaahhhh!"
Sadie says: "Sir, are you okay?"
Steven says: "I'M..."
Steven says: "OLD!"
Lars says: "Yeah, and nuts!"
Steven says: "I'm going to have to eat fiber cereal, all my teeth are gonna fall out, and then, I'll have to eat oatmeal and it'll be sugar-free!"
Steven says: "Sugar-free!"
Steven says: "*wheezes* *sits down at a table, and Sadie comes over to comfort him* I need to reverse this!"
Steven says: "I need, a "reverse birthday"..."
Steven says: "The king costume."
Steven says: "*to Sadie and Lars* Will you help me into my birthday suit?"
Sadie and Lars are stunned. Taking it the wrong way, Sadie chases the old Steven out of the Big Donut with a stool.
Sadie says: "*waving the stool above her head* Yeah!"
Sadie says: "You better run!"
Trans. Beach.
Steven continues to run along the beach, but hurts his back doing so.
Steven says: "*limping* I'm..."
Steven says: "too..."
Steven says: "old..."
Steven says: "for this."
Trans. Ext. Crystal Temple.
The Gems are picking up the birthday decorations.
Pearl says: "*putting away a table* You know, Steven was right, this is fun."
Amethyst says: "You don't have to keep wearing that stuff."
Garnet says: "*still wearing the birthday outfit* It makes me feel..."
Garnet says: "important."
Lion comes in and drops the aged Steven in front of the Gems. Garnet and Amethyst rush towards him.
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "*horrified* What's wrong with him?"
Amethyst says: "He's okay, he's just really, really, really, really old."
Pearl says: "Gems can't die from aging."
Pearl says: "*starts tearing up* But he's half human."
Amethyst says: "Can't we fix him?"
Steven says: "*whispering* My birthday suit might help."
Garnet takes the birthday suit off her and Steven wears it, leaning against Lion.
Amethyst says: "Good as new!"
Amethyst says: "..."
Amethyst says: "Right?"
Steven says: "Thanks guys, but I guess this suit's all out of birthday magic."
Steven says: "We had a good run, huh?"
Steven says: "..."
Steven continues to age further. Amethyst looks on in horror and Pearl is about to cry. Garnet grabs  and pulls Pearl and Amethyst away.
Garnet says: "More birthdays."
Garnet says: "Now!"
Amethyst says: "Check it out, B-Day Boy."
Amethyst has shapeshifted into a kiddie car, with Garnet riding in her.
Amethyst says: "I'm a tiny car!"
Garnet says: "Beep beep."
Steven says: "Kid..."
Steven says: "stuff..."
Steven says: ".."
Amethyst says: "*shapeshifts into a piñata* Ooh, piñata time!"
Garnet says: "It's not working."
Amethyst says: "*back to normal, walks off* Pearl!"
Amethyst says: "Get over here."
Pearl says: "I can't!"
Amethyst says: "FOR STEVEN!"
Pearl says: "*approaches Steven, weeping* Oh, look!"
Pearl says: "..."
Pearl says: "I have what umm..."
Pearl says: "what appears to be a delicious pie..."
Pearl says: "I sincerely hope that..."
Pearl says: "nothing happens to- OH STEVEN!"
Amethyst says: "Are you trying to kill him faster?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Amethyst says: "Pearl!"
Garnet shoves them aside and walks towards Steven. She picks him up and starts shaking him violently.
Amethyst says: "GARNET?!"
Pearl says: "GARNET?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Pearl says: "!"
Amethyst says: "?!"
Pearl says: "?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Pearl says: "!"
Pearl says: "Wait a minute, what are you doing?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Amethyst says: "Garnet, STOP!!"
Garnet says: "I thought..."
Garnet says: "violence..."
Garnet says: "would be the answer."
The severely-aged Steven can only barely see and hear the Gems arguing in despair with one another. He slowly picks himself up.
Steven says: "*weakly* Would you guys, just please..."
Steven says: "Ugh, oh no."
Steven says: "*turns into a teenager and blushes* Oh, I'm sorry, I shouldn't have yelled."
Steven says: "But I can't stand to see you freaking out like this!"
Pearl says: "*in shock* Wha-?"
Garnet says: "Steven, you're changing!"
Pearl says: "Your age is fluctuating, I think your gem is reacting to your state of mind."
Amethyst says: "Steven!"
Amethyst says: "Stop feeling old!"
Steven says: "*turns into a teenager* But I wasted your time..."
Steven says: "*turns into an old man* We all have such little ti-ime..."
Garnet says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Amethyst says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "You have to feel like your self!"
Pearl says: "Sweet and considerate and only occasionally obnoxious!"
Steven says: "*turns into a teenager* You really think I'm all those things?"
Garnet says: "Yes!"
Amethyst says: "Why else would you throw us all those parties?"
Steven says: "Oh my gosh, you're right."
Steven says: "*turns back to normal* I am pretty great."
Pearl says: "Oh, Steven!"
Pearl says: "*rushes with Amethyst to hug Steven* Steven!"
Garnet says: "*pats Steven on his shoulder* We'll work on the rest, later."
Steven pulls up his now-oversized shirt to reveal that he still has adult legs. He starts laughing and bouncing his legs up and down, as the star iris zooms in on Steven's face, ending the episode.
END.