Open Int. Steven's Dreamscape.
Steven slowly wakes up and finds himself in the middle of a lush grassy field, facing a group of flowers.
Greg says: "*faintly* Steven?"
Greg says: "Steven?"
Greg says: "Steven."
Trans. Int. Greg's Van, Night-time.
Steven then wakes up in reality, with tears pouring down his face. He touches his tears and is shocked to find himself crying. He looks up inside the back of Greg's van to see a TV, playing a movie of a UFO abducting a cow.
Greg says: "You okay, bud?"
Greg says: "You fell asleep during the movie."
Greg says: "I was gonna let you sleep, you looked so cute."
Greg says: "But, then you started crying, and that was less cute."
Steven sits up and wipes away the tears from his face.
Steven says: "Haha, no, I'm fine."
Steven says: "I dunno why I was crying."
Steven says: "M-my dream wasn't really sad."
Steven yawns and Greg checks his watch.
Greg says: "Oh gee, look at the time, and my classy new watch."
Greg says: "Let's get you home, bud."
Trans. Ext. Beach House.
Greg beings Steven back home, and they walk toward the stairs to the house.
Greg says: "Eh, you didn't miss much."
Greg says: "Turns out they were abducting cows 'cause they needed milk for their cereal planet."
Steven climbs up the stairs, abruptly stopping halfway up before turning around.
Steven says: "Dad, before you go, can I ask you something?"
Greg says: "Yeah, of course!"
Steven says: "Did Mom ever talk to you about..."
Steven says: "Pink Diamond?"
Greg says: "There were some things your mom didn't like to talk about."
Greg says: "I never pressed her for details."
Steven says: "Why not?"
Greg says: "*approaches Steven and sits down next to him on the stairs* Rose and I talked about tons of important stuff."
Greg says: "Music, comic books, getting sand between your toes, y'know, feelings."
Greg says: "We both made a lot of mistakes when we were young."
Greg says: "I thought disco was coming back, she started a war, I think she felt like she needed to confess everything to me, but I told her, "The past is the past."
Greg says: "All that matters to me is who you are now."
Greg says: "" And who she was, was an incredible, loving being."
Steven says: "*hugs Greg* Night, Dad."
Greg says: "*hugs Steven back* Night, Steven."
Trans. Int. Steven's Room.
Steven gets dressed into his pajamas, climbs into bed, and falls asleep, sighing.
Trans. Int. Steven's Dreamscape.
Steven wakes up inside his dream again, in the middle of the lush field with flowers from earlier.
Steven says: "I'm here again..."
Steven says: "huh?"
Steven says: "I guess I can look around."
Steven says: "What is this place?"
Steven says: "What's..."
Steven says: "what is..."
Steven says: "woah..."
Steven spots the dilapidated overgrown remains of a Palanquin on his left, as the background music increases in volume intensity.
Trans. Int. Steven's Room.
Steven suddenly sits up in his bed.
Steven says: "Huh?"
Steven wipes his hand across his face, finding himself crying again, to his confusion.
Trans. Int. Beach House, The Next Day.
Connie sweeps a bunch of papers off Steven's living room table, as Steven sits next to her and watches the papers scatter.
Connie says: "*excitedly* Sorry, I'll clean that up later!"
Connie says: "*places the journal of Buddy Buddwick on the table* When you told me about your dream, I thought it sounded familiar."
Connie flips through the pages of the journal, stopping on the entry for the Palanquin.
Steven says: "*gasps* That's it!"
Steven says: "The..."
Steven says: "palan-quin."
Connie says: "Actually, it's pronounced palankeen."
The sound of the Warp Pad activating is then heard.
Steven says: "It's the Gems!"
Steven says: "They've gotta know about this thing!"
Steven grabs the journal and runs toward the warp pad to greet the Gems, as Connie follows.
Steven says: "Wheee!"
Connie says: "Wo-hooo!"
Amethyst says: "Yo."
Steven says: "Hey, do you know anything about this thing?"
Steven shows the journal entry featuring the Palanquin to the Gems. Amethyst leans in for a closer look.
Amethyst says: "Hmm..."
Amethyst says: "Steven, you deserve to know the truth."
Amethyst says: "And the truth is..."
Amethyst says: "I have no idea what that thing is, I've never seen it before in my life."
Pearl says: "Excuse me, Amethyst, allow me."
Pearl says: "*looks at the journal entry* Uhh..."
Pearl says: "well..."
Pearl says: "It appears to be an illustration in some kind of journal."
Steven says: "C'mon, you know what I mean."
Steven says: "I had a dream where I saw this thing."
Garnet says: "You can't go there!"
Everyone looks at Garnet in shock.
Steven says: "Why not?"
Amethyst says: "*scoots next to Steven* Yeah, why not?"
Garnet is hesitant to say anything, and Steven sighs in disappointment as he closes the journal.
Steven says: "I thought you were going to tell me everything from now on."
Pearl says: "Oh, Steven..."
Pearl says: "We..."
Steven says: "Does this have anything to do with Pink Diamond?"
Steven says: "I already know Mom shattered her, so what is it about this that you can't tell me?"
Pearl covers her mouth in sorrow and glances over to Garnet.
Garnet says: "Please, you're making Pearl very upset."
Steven says: "NO!"
Steven says: "I'm very upset!"
Connie and Amethyst exchange worried glances as they backs away from the heated conversation.
Garnet says: "We're."
Garnet says: "Not."
Garnet says: "Going."
Garnet says: "Rose never wanted you to see this place."
Steven says: "Rose wanted- *getting angry* Urgh!"
Steven says: "- WHAT ABOUT WHAT I WANT?"
Steven says: "I'm sick of everyone lying to me!"
Steven says: "Rose is my mom, out of anyone, DON'T I DESERVE TO KNOW THE TRUTH?!"
Steven says: "!"
Amethyst begins munching on a box of popcorn, offering it to Connie, who silently rejects it.
Garnet says: "This isn't the time."
Steven says: "I."
Steven says: "DON'T."
Steven says: "CARE!"
Steven says: "I wanna go there NOW!!"
Garnet says: "Steven!"
Connie says: "I'm sorry..."
Connie says: "I- I shouldn't have brought the book."
Steven says: "*shouting* Yes you should've brought it."
Steven says: "It's lucky something has some information that I don't have to GET OUT OF THEM!!!!"
Steven points at Garnet and Pearl in frustration.
Steven says: "Connie, I need to borrow this book."
Connie says: "Okay, just be careful."
Connie says: "I gotta return it to the library in a week."
Steven says: "Thanks."
Garnet rests her hand on Connie's shoulder.
Trans. Ext. Beach House.
Steven sits outside on the stairs, gazing at the Palanquin page in Buddy's journal, when Garnet comes out to talk to him.
Garnet says: "Steven..."
Garnet says: "D-Don't go."
Garnet says: "You have to trust me."
Steven says: "I don't understand, Garnet."
Steven says: "At least you're usually honest with me."
Garnet says: "I really want to be, but if I tell you why you shouldn't go, you'll only want to go more."
Steven says: "*shocked* What?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "Well, now I really wanna go!"
Garnet says: "Th- Ugh, I shouldn't have said that."
Garnet says: "You can't go, because I can't go with you."
Steven says: "Why not?"
Garnet turns away and says nothing.
Steven says: "Garnet, why not?!"
Steven says: "!"
Garnet says: "I-I'm scared."
Garnet says: "I-I-I can't get near her."
Steven says: "Ah!"
Steven says: "Her!"
Steven says: "Her who?"
Garnet says: "Ah, shoot, now I've made it more interesting!"
Garnet says: "Steven please, just stay here."
Garnet says: "*removes her visor* For me."
Steven says: "I won't."
Garnet says: "*sighs* I know."
A bead of tear forms on Garnet's eye as Steven walks away.
Trans. Ext. It's A Wash; Greg's Van.
Steven knocks on the back door of Greg's van, waking up Greg, who is sleeping inside.
Steven says: "Dad, I need your help."
Steven says: "There's this place I saw in a dream, and it's real."
Steven says: "*shows Greg the journal entry* But the Gems won't tell me anything about it."
Steven says: "It has something to do with Pink Diamond."
Steven says: "I know you didn't want to get involved with Mom's past, but I wanna know the truth."
Steven says: "Doesn't that matter at all?"
Greg says: "Of course it does!"
Steven says: "Really?"
Greg says: "*holds out his hand* Let me see that."
Steven hands Greg Buddy's journal and he reads the journal entry.
Greg says: "And the Gems won't take you?"
Steven says: "No."
Greg says: "Well I know a guy who will."
Trans. The Sky.
Steven and Greg begins flying in a small plane, piloted by Andy.
Andy says: "So the Universes are goin' to Korea?"
Steven says: "Thank you for the ride, Uncle Andy!"
Andy says: "Ah, it's no problem."
Andy says: "Like they say, family helps family..."
Andy says: "find mysterious ancient artifacts."
Steven says: "It's gonna be very serious work."
Steven says: "No time for fun at all."
Greg says: "Well, isn't there time for a little fun?"
Steven says: "Hmm..."
Trans. Int. Korea.
Greg and Steven begins exploring Korea like tourists. They have fun by enjoying local food, sight-seeing, and trying on Korean clothes. At one point, they even visit an animation studio, where an artist is drawing concept arts for "Steven Universe", which freaks Greg out.
Time-Skip.
A bus drops Steven and Greg off at the foot of a mountain ridge, as it drives off before Greg can thank it.
Greg says: "Kamsahamni..."
Greg says: "da?"
Greg says: "Aw, what's the hurry?"
Steven says: "This is it."
Steven begins walking into the ridge, as Greg follows behind.
Greg says: "You sure this is the place?"
Steven says: "Yeah, it's hard to explain, but..."
Steven says: "I can feel it."
Greg says: "Huh, sure is pretty here."
Greg says: "So does any of this look familiar to you?"
Greg says: "Steven?"
Greg says: "*notices Steven crying again* Whoa!"
Greg says: "You okay?"
Greg says: "It's happening again."
Steven says: "I-I'm fine."
Steven says: "Let's keep going."
Greg says: "C'mon, let's take a break."
Greg says: "I think this mountain is really messing me up."
Steven says: "No, dad, this can only mean we're getting closer."
Steven says: "C'mon!"
The pair keeps advancing till they reach a fence, with a sign attached to it, reading "KEEP OUT!" in both English and Korean. A smaller wooden sign below it reads 'Please' in a neat handwriting.
Steven says: "Look!"
Greg says: "This feels familiar."
Steven says: "Dad, help me jump the fence."
Greg says: "Oh, boy."
Greg says: "we're doing this."
Steven hops over the fence, followed by Greg's shopping bags, and then Greg himself, landing roughly on the ground.
Greg says: "Oof, your dad can't really jump fences like he used to."
Steven says: "Dad!"
Steven says: "Look..."
The pair sees a blue Palanquin, appearing to be unscathed, and approaches it.
Steven says: "This is it."
Steven says: "But..."
Steven says: "it's different?"
Steven says: "I-In my dream, it was all broken down, and pink!"
Steven says: "It's in perfect condition."
Greg says: "Maybe it got a paint job?"
Blue Diamond says: "*faintly* Oh, Pink."
Blue Diamond says: "I'm sorry..."
Blue Diamond says: "I'm so sorry..."
Hearing the voice, Greg and Steven peek through the bushes to see a giant hooded figure, accompanied by another person kneeling on the ground, speaking to the dilapidated pink Palanquin.
Blue Diamond says: "I should've done more."
Blue Diamond says: "Yellow says it'll all be over soon."
Blue Diamond says: "I wonder what you would think."
Blue Diamond says: "This is your planet, after all."
Blue Diamond says: "I still think it is."
Greg says: "Steven, do you know her?"
Steven collapses into a sitting position behind the bushes, crying profusely from his eyes.
Greg says: "Whoa, buddy!"
Steven says: "My dreams..."
Steven says: "I was seeing through her eyes!"
Steven says: "I've been crying her tears!"
Blue Diamond says: "What are you doing over there?"
Steven and Greg flinch in shock, as the accompanying person, revealing to be a blue Pearl, walks over to inspect.
Blue Pearl says: "I thought I heard someone."
Greg says: "Don't worry, I'll handle this."
Blue Pearl says: "I think we're not alone."
Greg pops up from behind the bush, startling Blue Pearl.
Greg says: "Hey!"
Greg says: "Uh..."
Greg says: "nice day out, huh?"
Greg says: "Uh, I didn't see you there."
Greg says: "What's uh, what's..."
Greg says: "up?"
Blue Diamond says: "Pearl?"
Blue Pearl says: "*turns and does the Gem salute* My Diamond, I've found a native."
Greg says: "Oh yeah, I'm from here alright."
Greg says: "*climbs out of the bushes* Annyeonghaseyo, Your..."
Greg says: "Highness."
Blue Diamond says: "Bring it here."
Blue Pearl and Greg both walk over to the hooded figure.
Steven says: "*whispering* Dad, no!"
Blue Diamond says: "How curious."
Blue Diamond says: "I'm impressed by humanity's ability to survive in the wild."
Blue Diamond says: "What a strange planet."
Blue Diamond says: "Where else would a being as fragile as a human live, while a being as powerful as a Diamond, perish?"
Blue Diamond says: "This is where it happened, where she was..."
Blue Diamond says: "broken."
Greg says: "Were you close?"
Blue Diamond says: "Very."
Greg says: "I-I'm awfully sorry."
Greg says: "I know how hard it is to move on when you've lost someone."
The hooded figure turns her face towards Greg, revealing to Blue Diamond.
Blue Diamond says: "You do?"
A tear drop drips out of Blue Diamond's eye, which affects Steven as well, as tear flows from his eye too.
Greg says: "I lost someone very important to me, too."
Greg says: "I miss her every single day, and I think about her all the time."
Greg says: "But she's never coming back."
Greg says: "That feeling can be so hard to be okay with."
Blue Diamond says: "I'm surprised that a human being is capable of understanding how I feel."
Blue Diamond says: "It's a shame."
Blue Diamond says: "There's a geo-weapon incubating in your planet that will destroy everything shortly."
Blue Diamond says: "But you don't deserve that, do you?"
Greg says: "Geo-weapon, huh?"
Blue Diamond says: "*inches towards Greg* You know, I really shouldn't be here."
Blue Diamond says: "But I'm glad I came back one last time."
Blue Diamond says: "I can save one last piece of her legacy."
Greg says: "Oh yeah?"
Blue Diamond suddenly grabs Greg, keeping him within the grasp of her hand.
Steven says: "*whisper-yells*Dad!"
Blue Diamond extends her arm forward, summoning a large blue hand ship hidden in the clouds  in the background.
Greg says: "That's a..."
Greg says: "big..."
Greg says: "arm!"
The legs of the blue Palanquin retract, and it hovers over to Blue Diamond as she begins walking toward it.
Greg says: "Whoa!"
Greg says: "Put me down, please!"
Greg says: "Whoa, whoa!"
Greg says: "Put me down, Your Highness!"
The Palanquin lands in front of Blue Diamond, and she and Blue Pearl step into it before shutting itself closed.
Steven says: "Dad, Dad!"
Steven runs out of the bushes after the Palanquin, as it ascends into the palm of the hand ship, gripping onto the Palanquin.
Steven says: "STOP!"
Steven jumps from the ground, floating high into the sky after the hand ship. The ship starts turning around to face up into space. Steven is about to reach the ship, when it warps into faster-than-light travel, disappearing instantly. The force from the warp forces Steven back towards the ground.
Steven says: "Dad..."
Steven continues to fall, when Garnet suddenly leaps in and catches him in midair. She lands back on the ground and embraces Steven.
Garnet says: "Steven, I'm s- I'm sorry!"
Steven says: "Garnet!"
Garnet says: "I saw you come here, I saw Blue Diamond on Earth, I saw her see me and find all of us, I couldn't be here with you!"
Steven says: "She took my dad!"
Steven says: "It's all my fault!"
Steven says: "I should've listened to you!"
Steven says: "What are we gonna do, Garnet?"
Garnet says: "We're going to space."
Garnet says: "We're going to get him back."
END.