Open Int. Sea Shrine.
The Crystal Gems are exploring the Sea Shrine and looking around a series of hourglasses.
Steven says: "Hey!"
Steven says: "How about this one here?"
Pearl says: "*walks over to Steven* What one?"
Steven says: "This little one..."
Steven says: "*looks at the smallest hourglass with starry eyes* It's adorbable."
Pearl says: "Steven, the legendary glass of time won't be nearly so small and insignificant."
Pearl says: "It'll be beautiful and grand."
Pearl says: "*looks at an big hourglass with an elegant design in excitement* Like this one!"
Garnet says: "I think it's this one."
Steven says: "*looks up* Whoa!"
Pearl says: "You mean the biggest one?"
Pearl says: "How are we even supposed to get that back to the Warp Pad?"
Garnet says: "I can carry it."
Pearl says: "Wait!"
Pearl says: "We need to be careful which one we touch, you remember what happened last time we were here."
Steven says: "What happened?"
Amethyst says: "Hey, guys."
Amethyst says: "I'm making the call."
Amethyst says: "*picks up an oddly-shaped hourglass* And it's this janky one here!"
Pearl says: "Amethyst!"
The Sea Shrine begins to rumble.
Amethyst says: "Ugggh..."
Amethyst says: "nope, it wasn't."
The ceiling of the shrine disappears and water begins to rush in, flooding the place.
Garnet says: "Look out!"
Garnet says: "*grabs Steven and dodges the water alongside with Pearl* We don't have much time."
Pearl says: "Amethyst, come on!"
Steven runs away from Garnet and Pearl, back towards the hourglasses.
Garnet says: "Steven?"
Pearl says: "W-Where do you think you're going?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Steven says: "Amethyst gets to keep hers!"
Amethyst says: "*walks past, carrying her chosen hourglass* Darn tootin'!"
Steven says: "I'm gonna get the one I picked out."
Garnet says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Steven says: "*picks up the tiny hourglass* My name's Steven."
Steven says: "You're gonna live with me!"
Pearl says: "Steven, come on!"
Steven says: "*runs towards the Warp Pad* Imma comin'!"
Steven says: "Imma comin'!"
More water gushes into the shrine, forming a huge wave behind Steven. Pearl starts to panic and Garnet quickly stretches her arm forward.
Garnet says: "Hang on!"
Amethyst says: "Hurry up!"
Amethyst says: "Hurry up!"
Amethyst says: "Hurry up!"
Garnet says: "*brings Steven back to the warp pad* Gotcha!"
Pearl says: "Well done Garnet!"
The huge wave engulfs the Crystal Gems before they warp away.
Trans. Int Beach House.
The Crystal Gems make it back to the Beach House's warp pad, bringing along a huge amount of water from the wave with them. The water soaks the whole room and washes Steven away from the Warp Pad, while the Gems have sea creatures clinging onto them.
Steven says: "Hahahah!"
Steven says: "Hot potato!"
Steven says: "We're doing that again right?"
Pearl says: "*removes a piece of seaweed from her hair* Unfortunately, we'll have to wait another hundred years for the sea shrine to reform because somebody couldn't keep their hands to themselves."
Garnet says: "*removes an octopus from her head and turns to Pearl* You have a lobster on your butt."
Pearl says: "Huh?"
Pearl says: "*looks down at her backside* EEEYYYYY!"
Amethyst laughs at Pearl as she screams in shock. A Cookie Cat alarm clock starts to ring and Steven gets excited.
Steven says: "Beach-a-Palooza!"
Amethyst says: "Beach-a-wah-whooza?"
Garnet says: "Palooza."
Steven says: "That was a lot of fun you guys."
Steven says: "I'll see you later!"
Steven says: "After you sir."
Steven says: "*opens the front door for a crab* Bye bye!"
Trans. Beach City.
Steven is humming as he makes his way to It's a Wash. Greg and Yellowtail are seen talking to each other.
Greg says: "Yep."
Yellowtail says: "*nods* Mmhhmm."
Steven says: "Dad!"
Steven says: "Dad!"
Steven says: "You're ready to rehearse?"
Steven says: "Whoa!"
Steven then notices Yellowtail's fishing boat, stuck in the car wash.
Greg says: "Uhhh, we're having a bit of a day."
Steven says: "Is it stuck?"
Greg says: "Yeah."
Steven says: "Why does a boat need a car wash?"
Yellowtail says: "Hah!"
Greg says: "Sorry buddy, I don't think I can play in the concert tonight."
Greg says: "I gotta deal with this."
Steven says: "You're bailing on Beach-a-Palooza?"
Steven says: "But the whole town's gonna be there!"
Greg says: "Steven, that's like 15 people."
Greg says: "*ruffles Steven's head* Next time, bud."
Greg says: "I promise."
Greg then walks off and starts talking to Yellowtail on his boat, as Steven turns away.
Steven says: "Stupid boat getting all stuck."
Steven says: "Nobody likes you, boat!"
Steven says: "I wish I could've been there to tell my dad you were too fat!"
Steven suddenly disappears. He then reappear back at It's a Wash, at the very moment when Greg is about to put the boat in the car wash.
Greg says: "That's it."
Greg says: "Just back her in."
Greg says: "She'll definitely fit."
Steven says: "What the-?"
Steven says: "*gasps* Dad!"
Steven says: "Dad!"
Greg says: "Hey schtu-ball!"
Greg says: "You excited for Beach-a-Palooza?"
Steven says: "Dad, dad, fat, it's fat!"
Steven says: "Fat, fat fat!"
Greg says: "*looks at his own stomach* Rude."
Steven says: "Not you!"
Steven says: "The boat!"
Steven says: "The boat!!"
Greg says: "Whoa, whoa whoa!!"
Greg says: "STOP!!!"
Yellowtail says: "*stops backing up the car* Huh?"
Greg says: "Nice catch, Steven."
Steven says: "*pulls the hourglass out of his pocket and gasps* The thing!"
Steven says: "You took me back in time, didn't you?"
Steven says: "Pearl's gonna flip when she finds out you're the real one!"
Greg says: "Look, I'm sorry, but the boat's fat."
Yellowtail gets off his car and starts arguing in murmurs, when the car starts rolling away.
Greg says: "Oh no, your car!"
The car crashes into an electric pole, knocking it over and it slams onto the car. The electric wire then sparks and lights on fire. The fire travels along the wire to the roof of It's a Wash, causing an explosion and setting the whole roof on fire. Everyone screams in panic.
Greg says: "Gotta save the van!"
Steven says: "*horrified* I wish I could go back and stop myself from stopping my dad."
Steven warped away, back to the point when he is about to tell his dad that the boat is too fat.
Greg says: "That's it, just back her in, she'll definitely fit."
Steven 2.
Steven then suddenly appears and tackles Steven 2 before he could say anything.
Steven 2.
Wha- Steven shushes him. Future Steven?
Steven says: "Listen two-minutes-ago-Steven, we can't go around trying to change time stuff."
Steven says: "It just makes things worse."
Yellowtail's boat gets stuck in the car wash once more.
Greg says: "Oh no!"
Greg says: "How did this happen?"
Steven 2.
Aw, man! I really wanted to play in Beach-a-Palooza. Too bad you and I can't be in a band.
Steven & Steven 2.
Wait a minute!
Steven and Steven 2 warp back to a point where he is on his way to see his dad and tackle Steven 3 to the ground.
Steven & Steven 2.
STEVEN!!!
Steven 3.
Mmm... Steven? ... Steven? What's going on?
Steven says: "No time to explain!"
Steven 2.
Wanna join our band?!
Steven 3.
Yes, but didn't Dad say he would play with us?
Steven 2.
He had an emergency at the car wash.
Steven 3.
We should go help him! *tries to run off*.
Steven says: "No!"
Steven says: "*stops Steven 3* There's nothing we can do!"
Steven says: "The boat's fat, trust us."
Steven 3.
Okay... so who's our fourth? We need a drummer.
Steven 2.
Not a problem! Steven.
Steven and Steven 2 pull out their respective Hourglass from their pockets.
Steven 3.
Hey it's the time thing-.
The three Stevens warp away.
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Back inside the Beach House, Steven begins to sing "Steven and the Stevens" with three other Stevens in a band.
Steven 2.
Hey! Great singing Steven!
Steven says: "Thanks, Steven!"
Steven 2.
Can I sing lead this time?
Steven says: "Well I usually sing lead vocals when I play with Dad."
Steven 2.
So do I!
Steven 3.
Me too!
Steven 4.
Me too too! We all do! We're all Steven!
Steven says: "Well one of us has got to be the band leader..."
All Stevens ponder and "hmmms" at the same time.
Steven 4.
Oh! The leader should be the original Steven!
All Stevens says: "The one that's been around the longest!"
All Stevens says: "*points towards the original Steven* Yeah, alright, that's a good idea."
Steven proceeds to label the other 3 Stevens by writing numbers on their cheeks with a marker.
Steven says: "Done and done!"
Steven says: "Steven 2, you're the smart one, Steven 3, you're the funny one and Steven 4, you're the sensitive one and I'm..."
Steven says: "*styles his hair into a pompadour* The handsome one!"
Steven says: "Okay?"
Steven 2 & Steven 3.
Okay!
Steven 4.
Okie-dokie artichoke-y!
Steven says: "Steven 4, what are you doing?"
Steven says: "You're not the funny one."
Steven says: "Steven 3 is."
Steven 3.
Well we are all the same person so we are equally prone to being hilarious.
Steven says: "No no, that was too smart an observation for you, 3!"
Steven says: "You're the funny one!"
Steven 2.
Wait which one am I again?
Steven says: "Dang it, Number 2!"
Steven says: "You're the smart one!"
Steven 4.
Hey. If Steven is the handsome one, does that mean the rest of us aren't good looking?
Steven 3.
No way! We are all extremely attractive!
Steven 2.
Let's go get jobs as models!
Steven says: "Hey!"
Steven says: "None of you are the handsome one!"
Steven says: "I'M the handsome one!"
Steven says: "Uh!"
Steven says: "No I didn't mean!"
Steven says: "We decided..."
Steven says: "Urgh, let's take five."
All other Stevens says: "There's a fifth Steven!"
All other Stevens says: "?"
Steven says: "*gets annoyed* NO!"
Steven says: "I mean a five-minute break!"
All other Stevens says: "*giggles* We know!"
Trans. Ext. Beach House.
Steven leans over the rails of the porch and sighs.
Steven says: "I can't believe it, I'm so..."
Steven says: "annoying."
Steven says: "Maybe it's time for me to quit the music business."
An electric guitar is heard inside the house and Steven goes back inside the house to find the other Stevens playing and singing "Ste-Ste-Ste-Steven" in a metal rock music style. Steven covers his ears in annoyance.
Steven says: "Whoa whoa WHOA!"
Steven says: "What's all this noise?"
Steven says: "I thought we all agreed that Steven and the Stevens was going to be a light-hearted throwback to early rock-n-roll, not this mess of screaming into distortion."
Steven 3.
Look, Steven. Steven and I were talking, and Steven agrees. Your attitude... just isn't working for us.
Steven 2.
We've been a lot more productive without you.
Steven 4.
We already wrote an angsty song about the time you made us feel bad for not being handsome.
Steven says: "You're kicking me out of the band?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "Wait?"
Steven says: "Who's playing drums?"
Steven 4.
Amethyst said she would do it.
Amethyst says: "I'm down for whatever."
Steven says: "Oh, come on!"
The other Stevens proceed to play and sing "Big Fat Zucchini". Steven unplugs the socket of their instruments in anger.
Amethyst says: "Whoa, Dude."
Steven says: "LISTEN UP!"
Steven says: "You can't kick me out of the band!"
Steven says: "I'm the original Steven."
Steven says: "I created you!"
Steven says: "Steven and the Stevens was my idea!"
Steven says: "Without me, you'd all be nothing!"
Steven says: "*gasps* That's it!"
All other Stevens says: "Steven, no!"
Trans. Beach City.
Steven warps back to the point when he is about to make his first wish.
Past Steven says: "I wish I could've been there to tell my dad you were too- Ah-gah!"
Steven says: "*covers Past Steven's mouth* Don't start the band Steven!"
Steven says: "It will only tear us apart!"
All other Stevens says: "HA-HA!"
All other Stevens says: "We all have time things!"
Steven says: "You'll never catch me, you turkeys!"
Steven says: "Ha!"
All other Stevens says: "We gotta stop me!"
The three Stevens time-travel away too, leaving Past Steven in shock.
Trans. Gem Glow episode.
Gem Glow Steven buries a Cookie Cat wrapper in the ground and the Gems gather around him, when the four Stevens suddenly appear before them.
Gem Glow Steven says: "I'm okay guys, I just..."
Gem Glow Steven says: "Wha-!"
Gem Glow Steven says: "?"
Steven says: "Too far back!"
The other Stevens try to tackle Steven but he warps away. Gem Glow Steven then pukes after witnessing the untimely scene.
Trans. Rose's Room episode.
The four Stevens appear in a room full of pink clouds and start fighting one another, when another group of four Stevens appear, as they tackle down their Handsome Steven. The original Steven warps away and the three Stevens pile onto the other group too, only to warp away too. Rose's Room Steven watches in confusion as he parachutes down from the slide he was on earlier.
Trans. Ocean Gem episode.
Steven and the other Stevens, eight in total now, travel too far into the future and arrive what seems to be a sandy plains, with a cargo ship seen stuck on the ground in the background.
Steven says: "Just take me back to the beginning!"
Trans. Sea Shrine.
Steven warps back to the beginning, when he first retrieved the Hourglass from the Sea Shrine.
Beginning Steven says: "Amethyst gets to keep hers!"
Amethyst says: "*walks past, carrying her chosen hourglass* Darn tootin'!"
Beginning Steven says: "I'm gonna get the one I picked out."
Garnet says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Steven says: "*appears and interrupts* Stop right there!"
Steven says: "Give me the time thing, Steven."
Beginning Steven says: "Wait, are you future me?"
Steven says: "Just hurry up and give it!"
Steven 2 and 3 then appear and knock down Steven. Another Handsome Steven appears behind Beginning Steven.
Handsome Steven says: "Don't make me hurt me, Steven."
Beginning Steven says: "Why do you need it so bad?"
Handsome Steven says: "Just give it to me!"
Handsome Steven begins wrestling with Beginning Steven for the Hourglass. Several other Stevens from alternate timelines begin to appear and fight one another too.
Handsome Steven says: "Give it up, Steven!"
Handsome Steven says: "I know everything you're gonna do, before you do it!"
Handsome Steven says: "*manages to snatch the Hourglass and starts laughing maniacally* Huh?"
Handsome Steven looks down and notices a frightened Beginning Steven sitting in the water. He then looks around at the chaos of all the Stevens from different timelines fighting each other. A dumbfounded Garnet and Pearl watch on while Amethyst is busy counting the Steven.
Handsome Steven says: "STOP IT!!!!!!"
All the other Stevens stop fighting and turn towards Handsome Steven.
Handsome Steven says: "Look around you!"
Handsome Steven says: "This isn't right!"
Handsome Steven says: "*helps Beginning Steven up* When Steven fights Steven, who is the winner?"
Handsome Steven says: "What have we become?"
All the other Stevens begin to question themselves.
Handsome Steven says: "We are not the Stevens we once were."
Handsome Steven says: "And to fix that, I HAVE TO END IT!"
Handsome Steven says: "HAAAAA!!!"
Every other Hourglasses in the Stevens' hands also begin to disappear. All the other Stevens then start to scream and disappear into the water, one by one.
Gem Glow Steven says: "Steven, please!"
Gem Glow Steven says: "You gotta—"
Gem Glow Steven says: "AHH!"
Handsome Steven says: "Steven!"
Handsome Steven says: "Dad can't play Beach-a-Palooza with you."
Handsome Steven says: "The boat's fat, you gotta find another way!"
Beginning Steven says: "I don't know what you're talking about!"
Steven says: "Stay cool forever, Steven."
Steven says: "*kisses Beginning Steven's cheek* Arrivederci."
Handsome Steven then screams and disappears away, leaving behind a dumbfounded Beginning Steven, as water begins to gush in and flood the room in the background.
Trans. Ext. Beach City.
Beginning Steven, now taking the place as the original Steven, performs "Steven and the Crystal Gems" at Beach-a-Palooza with the Gems instead of his father, with several residents of Beach City attending and listening. An ending card reading "The End" then appears after Steven finishes the song, ending the episode.
END.