Open Int. Beach House.
Pearl and Garnet warp back to the Crystal Temple Warp Pad, looking disappointed.
Pearl says: "Ugh..."
Pearl says: "We're never going to find Jasper."
Steven runs in towards Pearl and Garnet excitedly.
Steven says: "Pearl!"
Steven says: "Garnet!"
Steven says: "We found Jasper!"
Pearl says: "What?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Steven says: "We beat her!"
Pearl says: "Oh my gosh!"
Pearl says: "*hugs Steven tightly* Are you alright?"
Pearl says: "What happened?"
Steven says: "She showed up with those big snow monsters, so we fought those."
Steven says: "But then things got really scary, so Connie and I fused."
Steven says: "Stevonnie got to ride Lion and we chased Jasper away!"
Pearl says: "All your training!"
Pearl says: "You did so well!"
Steven blushes and giggles in delight.
Garnet says: "*ruffles Steven's head* We're so proud of you."
Pearl says: "Wait, where's Amethyst?"
Amethyst says: "Yo."
Pearl and Garnet see Amethyst sitting on the couch by herself, looking somber.
Pearl says: "Amethyst?"
Garnet says: "You reformed."
Amethyst says: "I'm fine."
Time-Skip.
Amethyst is seen dropping eggs from a carton into the garbage disposal in the kitchen sink. Pearl and Steven then walks in off-screen towards the warp pad.
Pearl says: "I hope you're ready for your weekly training, Steven."
Steven says: "I'm ready!"
Steven says: "On the weekly!"
Pearl says: "You've had one victory, but there are more fights to come now that Jasper's—"
Loud garbage disposal noise are heard, startling Pearl.
Pearl says: "Now that Jasper—"
Loud garbage disposal noise are heard again, irritating Pearl. She decides to speak loudly over the noise.
Pearl says: "JASPER'S BACK, LET'S WORK BACK!"
Steven says: "*giggles and walks up to Amethyst* Hey, Amethyst."
Amethyst says: "Yo..."
Steven says: "You wanna come watch me train?"
Amethyst says: "Can't."
Amethyst says: "*drops another egg* I'm busy making egg salad."
Steven says: "Come on, it'll be fun."
Amethyst says: "Umm..."
Steven says: "You'll get to see me earn Pearl Points."
Amethyst says: "What are "Pearl Points"?"
Trans. Int. Ancient Sky Arena.
Pearl begins explaining Pearl Points to Amethyst, who had followed her and Steven to his training.
Pearl says: "I'm glad you asked!"
Pearl says: "*holds a sticker of her face* Pearl Points are awarded for punctuality, perseverance, and positivity."
Amethyst chuckles.
Pearl says: "We may be smaller, weaker, and less gifted than our opponents, but with these "P"s, we have the keys to success."
Pearl says: "Aaaaand, to the Pearl Prize Pouch!"
Amethyst says: "*chuckles* Pa-mazing."
Pearl says: "Thank you."
Steven says: "There's some P-great stuff in that pouch last week, I got these."
Steven says: "*puts on a pair of pop-out eye glasses* I don't need glasses so it's funny."
Pearl says: "*whispers to Amethyst* Really Amethyst, the positive enforcement has been doing wonders."
Amethyst says: "I want in."
Steven says: "On the glasses?"
Amethyst says: "On the training."
Pearl says: "*gasps* Really, you Amethyst?"
Amethyst says: "Yeah, you know, for fun."
Steven says: "Alright!"
Amethyst says: "Yeah yeah, you're welcome."
Pearl says: "Well then, let the training begin!"
Time-Skip.
Steven begins stretching to get ready for his training, while Amethyst, seemingly unmotivated, yawns in boredom. Pearl stands at the edge of the arena.
Pearl says: "Your first task will be speed."
Pearl says: "To aid your training, I'll be utilizing my holograms."
Holo-Pearl says: "Welcome to Holo-Pearl version 2."
Holo-Pearl says: "000001."
Pearl says: "I've modified them to accommodate less..."
Pearl says: "lethal training."
Holo-Pearl says: "The sharpest weapon is the mind."
Everyone nods, except Amethyst.
Pearl says: "The Holo-Pearl will serve as a checkpoint at the edge of the arena."
Pearl says: "Mark you lap with a Holo-Pearl High-Five."
Holo-Pearl says: "High-Five accepted!"
Pearl says: "Two laps, two fives, one Pearl-Point to the winner."
Steven says: "Got it."
Amethyst says: "*sarcastically* Yarp."
Pearl says: "*walks back to Steven and Amethyst* Okay then."
Pearl says: "On your marks, Ready!"
Pearl says: "Steady!"
Pearl says: "GO!"
Steven and Amethyst start running, with Amethyst taking lead. Both of them high-five Holo-Pearl at the same time.
Holo-Pearl says: "High-Five accepted!"
Steven and Amethyst race back. with Amethyst still holding the lead.
Amethyst says: "Huh?"
Steven laughs as he suddenly starts gaining speed, running past Amethyst, and high-fives Holo-Pearl first, thus winning the race.
Holo-Pearl says: "High-Five accepted!"
Steven says: "*holds out his hand to Amethyst* Gimme digits, Amethyst!"
Amethyst slowly walks up to high-five Holo-Pearl, submitting to defeat, and walks away. Steven chuckles and high-fives himself.
Pearl says: "One point for Steven already!"
Pearl says: "*pastes a sticker on the chalkboard and whispers to Amethyst* Good thinking Amethyst!"
Pearl says: "Going easy on him will build his confidence!"
Amethyst says: "Heh, what can I say, I'm a natural at going easy."
Time-Skip.
Four Holo-Pearls, each wielding a spear, stand before Steven and Amethyst.
Pearl says: "Your next test is agility: dodge the spears the best you can."
The Holo-Pearls start shooting energy blasts from their spears. Amethyst spin-dashes to the side to dodge the blasts, while Steven weaves around the blasts to dodge them. He then summons his shield to deflect a blast back at a Holo-Pearl, dissipating it.
Holo-Pearl says: "Defeat accepted."
Amethyst says: "*surprised* Whoa."
Pearl pastes another sticker on the chalkboard as Steven and Amethyst walk back to her.
Steven says: "*cheering* Victory, victory!"
Pearl says: "*whispers to an irritated Amethyst* Don't go too easy on him, he still needs a challenge."
Time-Skip.
Five Holo-Pearls surround Steven and Amethyst in the middle of the arena.
Pearl says: "And now, for your final test, an all-out battle."
Pearl says: "This is the ultimate determination of your skills."
Pearl says: "Okay!"
Pearl says: "Ready?"
Pearl says: "GO!"
Amethyst says: "*interrupts Pearl* COME AND GET ME, YOU HOLO-PUNKS!"
Amethyst summons two whips and begins lashing a series of furious attacks at one of the Holo-Pearls, who dodges every single one of her attacks. The Holo-Pearls then begin attacking Steven, who summons his shield to defend himself against them.
Amethyst says: "STOP!"
Amethyst says: "MOVING!"
Amethyst says: "SO!"
Amethyst says: "I CAN!"
Amethyst says: "WIN!!!"
Amethyst says: "*finally wraps her whip around the Holo-Pearl* Thanks."
Amethyst says: "HAH!"
Amethyst tightens the whip around the Holo-Pearl and dissipates it. Meanwhile, the other Holo-Pearls continuously stabs at Steven, as he cowers under his shield. He then enlarges his shield, knocking all the Holo-Pearls into the air.
Steven says: "BOOMERANG SHIELD!"
Steven hurls his shield at the Holo-Pearls, hitting and dissipating them in quick succession.
Holo-Pearls says: "Defeat-Defeat-Defeat-Defeat-Accepted-Accepted-Accepted-Accepted."
Steven says: "*catches his shield and dispels it* Victory accepted."
Pearl says: "*walks up to Steven* Congratulations Steven, you earned the final point!"
Steven turns to Amethyst, who seems to be extremely upset, and stares at her with deep concerns.
Trans. Int. Steven's Room.
Steven returns back home and begins playing a fighting game on his TV, where he has selected Lonely Blade as his fighter.
Game Narrator says: "Lonely Blade!"
Game Narrator says: "Versus!"
Game Narrator says: "Outgoing Fist!"
Game Narrator says: "Round 1, FIGHT!"
Outgoing Fist In-Game.
Flyin-.
Lonely Blade In-Game.
Boomerang- Boomerang- Boomerang Blade!
Steven uses Lonely Blade's signature move repeatedly on the CPU's Outgoing Fist before he could even attack, thus easily defeating him.
Game Narrator says: "K-O!"
Out Going Fist In-Game.
Even my fists are dead.
Steven, seen wearing a jester hat, presumably won as his training prize, turns to looks at Amethyst in the kitchen, eating mayonnaise raw from the jar.
Steven says: "Hey, Amethyst."
Steven says: "Do you wanna play Lonely Blade with me?"
Steven says: "*holds up the controller* I warmed up the controller for you."
Amethyst says: "*finishes the jar of mayonaise and sighs* Yeah, alright."
Amethyst joins Steven and begins scrolling through the character selection menu in the game.
Steven says: "There's a new costume for Lonely Blade: Blue Lonely Blade."
Steven says: "You should play as him."
Amethyst says: "What-evie."
Game Narrator says: "Lonely Blade!"
Game Narrator says: "Versus!"
Game Narrator says: "Lonely Blade!"
Lonely Blade In-Game.
My blade's the best in all the land.
Game Narrator says: "Round 1, FIGHT!"
Blue Lonely Blade In-Game.
Boomerang Blade! *lands the attack on Lonely Blade*.
Lonely Blade In-Game.
Boomerang Blade! Blue Lonely Blade dodges the attack.
Steven says: "Huh, this is tough."
Steven says: "Were those bars always there?"
Amethyst says: "The Health bars?"
Amethyst says: "Yeah."
Steven says: "Right, right..."
Steven says: "."
Blue Lonely Blade In-Game.
Steven says: "Ah, you're doing so well!"
Steven says: "I've been trying to master that combo for months."
Steven says: "You got it on like, one try!"
Amethyst says: "Hmmm..."
Amethyst continues to fight Steven in the game, while Steven seems to be taking the game slowly.
Steven says: "Oh man, there's no way I could beat you."
Blue Lonely Blade T.V.
One Thousand Mirror Blade! HI-YAH!
Amethyst defeats Steven without losing a single health.
Game's Narrator says: "KO!"
Blue Lonely Blade T.V.
My blade's the loneliest after all.
Steven says: "That was crazy good, Amethyst."
Steven says: "Nice job!"
Amethyst says: "*displeased* Knock it off Steven."
Amethyst says: "I know you let me win."
Steven says: "*starts sweating anxiously* Wha?"
Steven says: "Me?"
Steven says: "No I-pfff, noo..."
Steven says: "?"
Amethyst says: "*turns off the TV* You weren't even trying."
Steven says: "I'm sorry."
Steven says: "I just wanted you to feel better."
Amethyst says: "Great, and now you're ever more mature than me."
Steven says: "Amethyst?"
Amethyst says: "You're suppose to be the rookie but now you're better than me in everything!"
Amethyst says: "*sighs* Now I'm the worst Crystal Gem."
Steven says: "Wha-What?"
Amethyst says: "Ack!"
Amethyst says: "You know what I mean, Steven."
Steven says: "Uhh, not really!"
Steven says: "I thought you guys wanted me to be strong."
Steven says: "A-And now I am, and you're mad at me!"
Steven says: "?"
Amethyst says: "NO!"
Amethyst says: "I get mad at myself!"
Amethyst says: "That's, ugh, the thing I do."
Amethyst says: "I get mad at myself and then it makes me suck at everything I do even more."
Steven says: "*sighs* Amethyst, you don't suck."
Steven says: "You do so many cool things."
Steven says: "You have two whips, two whips!"
Steven says: "And the dash thing?"
Steven says: "Amethyst, you're so much better than me!"
Amethyst says: "No way."
Amethyst says: "You have Rose's shield, and bubble, and the floating thing, and- Ugh, I'd just be floating all day."
Steven says: "Floating?"
Steven says: "I forget to use that half the time!"
Steven says: "And the rest of the time my powers aren't guaranteed to work."
Steven says: "I'm- I'm way worse than you."
Amethyst says: "*crosses her arms* Nah-Uh!"
Amethyst says: "I'm the worst!"
Steven says: "No way, I am!"
Steven says: "I'll prove it, I'll- I'll fight you and show you how bad I am."
Amethyst says: "Fine!"
Amethyst says: "Let's do it!"
Steven says: "Let the worst Gem, lose!"
Amethyst says: "Let the worst Gem, lose!"
Trans. Int. Ancient Sky Arena, Evening.
Steven and Amethyst stand face-to-face in the arena.
Amethyst says: "Get ready, Imma about to lose big time!"
Steven says: "No way."
Steven says: "I'm gonna get clobbered so bad I won't know what hit me."
Amethyst says: "No holding back?"
Steven says: "NO holding back!"
Amethyst says: "Grrr!"
Amethyst says: "*summons her whip* Gwaahhh!"
Amethyst begins spin-dashes towards Steven, who quickly sidesteps and avoids it. Amethyst turns around at the arena seating and charges back at Steven. Steven continues to sidestep past Amethyst as she spin-dashes around him, creating dust clouds around him. Amethyst then stops, holding out her whip.
Steven says: "*coughing* Wha?"
As the dust clouds fade away, Steven realized he is tangled up in Amethyst's whip. Amethyst then quickly tightens the whip around Steven, causing him to fall over.
Steven says: "Whoa!"
Steven says: "I did not see that coming!"
Steven says: "That was amazing."
Amethyst says: "No, it's not!"
Amethyst says: "I don't do anything amazing!"
Amethyst lashes her whip, sending an energy wave at Steven. He then quickly summons his bubble shield to protect himself from the energy wave, which in turns tears away the whip around him.
Amethyst says: "You're the one who's amazing."
Amethyst says: "*summons two whips and wraps them around Steven's bubble* Wha- Gwah!"
Amethyst starts twirling the bubble around and smashing it into pillars. Steven braces himself for impact and suddenly adds spikes to his bubble, which lodges in the pillar.
Amethyst says: "WHAT?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Amethyst says: "Is that new!"
Amethyst says: "?"
Amethyst says: "*exhales sharply* Because it's awesome!"
Steven says: "No!"
Steven says: "It was an accident."
Steven says: "Accidents are not awesome!!"
Amethyst says: "Sure, right!"
Amethyst tugs on the bubble to pull it off the pillar. Steven then dispels his bubble and dives towards Amethyst, kicking her in the back before rolling away. He gasps in shock as the pillar, badly damaged from the spiked bubble, starts falling on Amethyst. He quickly summons his shield and throws it, cutting the pillar in half.
Amethyst says: "What??"
The shield hits Amethyst on the back of her head as it returns to Steven's hand.
Amethyst says: "Whoa!"
Amethyst says: "Ughhh..."
Amethyst says: "That was great!"
Steven says: "*dispels his shield* You think that was on purpose?"
Amethyst shapeshifts into Purple Puma and charges for Steven. She punches the ground as Steven floats away, dodging her punch.
Steven says: "Guess who remembered to floa- Whoa!"
Steven collides into a pillar and starts drifting away from the arena. Amethyst shapeshifts back to normal and quickly catches Steven with her whip. Both of them sighs in relief. Amethyst then yanks Steven in, slamming him down into the ground and creating a gigantic crater on the arena.
Amethyst says: "*panting, and looks into the crater* Steven?"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Gwahh!"
Steven bursts out of the rubble in the crater, launching a large piece of debris at Amethyst, who quickly steps away in surprise.
Amethyst says: "See?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Amethyst says: "I dropped you from the sky but you almost just won by, using a rock!"
Amethyst says: "Huh!"
Amethyst says: "If I can't beat you, I'm never gonna beat Jasper!"
Steven says: "You..."
Steven says: "You can totally beat me."
Steven says: "You're not even trying."
Amethyst says: "I am too!"
Amethyst says: "*lifts up the rock* Eeyaarh!"
Steven tries to lift a piece of the arena, but it snaps and causes him to fall backwards. Amethyst then tries to throw the rock at Steven, but it slips off her hands.
Steven says: "I think we're both too good to be bad fighters."
Amethyst says: "That's what you think."
Steven says: "What does that even mean?"
Amethyst says: "I don't even know..."
Amethyst says: "!"
Steven and Amethyst charge at each other, attempting to punch each other, but they both miss and fall to the ground.
Amethyst says: "Huh."
Amethyst says: "Hahahah!"
Steven says: "Hahahah..."
Steven says: "What's wrong with us?"
Amethyst says: "Hah..."
Amethyst says: "I know what's wrong with me."
Amethyst says: "I'm not supposed to be small."
Amethyst says: "And everyone's always acting like there's no problem."
Amethyst says: "You can be anything you want to be, heh."
Amethyst says: "No!"
Amethyst says: "I can't."
Amethyst says: "Huh..."
Amethyst says: "*sighs* I can't even be the one thing I'm supposed to be, you know?"
Steven says: "Of course I do."
Steven says: "I'm..."
Steven says: "not Rose Quartz."
Amethyst says: "Oh no..."
Amethyst says: "Oh Steven!"
Steven says: "Why do you think I've been working so hard?"
Amethyst says: "Well..."
Amethyst says: "It's paying off."
Steven says: "Ahahahah, I sure hope so."
Steven gets up and offers his hand to Amethyst, smiling. She smiles and swings her arm, but purposely misses his hand.
Amethyst says: "Eh.."
Amethyst says: "*laughs and misses Steven's hand again* Uh..."
Amethyst says: "*finally grabs his hand* Ah!"
Amethyst stands up and laughs with Steven.
Amethyst says: "Thanks Steven."
Pearl then suddenly appears at the arena entrance, screaming in horror and anger.
Pearl says: "WHAT DID YOU TWO DO?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Pearl says: "YOU'VE RUINED THE RUINS!"
Amethyst says: "Whoooops."
Steven says: "I don't think we're gonna see that Prize Pouch for a while."
The star iris closes on Steven's disheartened face, ending the episode.
END.