Open Ext. Beach House.
It is raining, outside. Lion is lying outside under the porch of the house, he yawns and takes a nap.
Trans. Int. Steven's Room.
Steven and the Crystal Gems are sitting inside Steven's bedroom and eating popcorn, watching Lonely Blade IV in Japanese with English subtitles. On the TV screen, two characters confront each other.
Lonely Blade says: "*in Japanese* It was you!"
Lonely Blade says: "You were the one who killed my brother."
Lonely Blade says: "Cursing me to fight alone forever!"
Steven says: "*is laying belly-down on top of Garnet's hair* * Oh Lonely Blade, you so lonely."
Samurai President says: "*in Japanese* You think you can defeat me?"
Samurai President says: "The President of the Shadow Samurai Government?!"
Samurai President says: "!"
Steven says: "What?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "The janitor is the evil samurai president?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "That's bananas!"
Pearl says: "Oh come on, it was so obvious."
Pearl says: "He's been mopping in the background of every fight scene."
Pearl says: "*shows Steven the movie cover box* Look, here he is on the cover of the box."
Steven says: "Oh yeah."
Lonely Blade says: "*in Japanese* For my honor and for my brother!"
Lonely Blade says: "I will strike you down!"
Lonely Blade says: "*unsheathes and joins two swords together* Boomerang Blade!"
Samurai President says: "*leaps upwards and thrust down* Piercing Shadow of a Thousand..."
Samurai President says: "Screams!"
Steven says: "*cheers* Go, Lonely, go!"
Steven says: "Do the Boomerang Blade again!"
Pearl says: "Oh come on, this is ridiculous."
Pearl says: "Just look at their form, this is nothing like real sword fighting."
Steven says: "*laughs* It's just a movie, Pearl."
Pearl says: "Well, if you ever want to see a demonstration of proper sword techniques, I'd be happy to show you."
Pearl says: "Now?"
Trans. Pearl's Arena.
The Crystal Gems move a large open area with tiled ground and marble obelisks lining both sides of the area. The place is surrounded by low hanging clouds.
Pearl says: "*holding two swords* Alright, in order to give a proper demonstration I'm going to need a sparring partner."
Pearl says: "Luckily, I have the perfect candidate right here."
Steven says: "Cooool!"
Steven says: "Hologram Pearl!"
Amethyst says: "*lying on a small cloud* Ah, geez."
Holo-Pearl says: "Do you wish to engage in combat?"
Pearl says: "Let this be the perfect battle."
Holo-Pearl says: "*catches the sword* You've already made a mistake by challenging me!"
Pearl says: "*laughs* We shall let our swords decide."
Amethyst says: "Nerd!"
Holo-Pearl says: "*eyes redden* Commencing duel."
Pearl parries several of the Holo-Pearl's attacks.
Holo-Pearl says: "Defense rank S."
Holo-Pearl says: "Zero openings detected."
Steven says: "*cheers* Go, Pearl, go!"
Amethyst says: "Go Holo-Pearl!"
Distracted by Amethyst's mockery, Pearl gets disarmed by Holo-Pearl.
Holo-Pearl says: "Opening detected."
Pearl slides underneath Holo-Pearl's attack and towards her sword. Holo-Pearl then does an aerial lunge at Pearl, which she skillfully parries, leaving it vulnerable in mid-air. Pearl then stabs Holo-Pearl and defeats it.
Holo-Pearl says: "Match set."
Holo-Pearl says: "Challenger wins!"
Steven says: "Woohoo!"
Steven says: "Yay, Pearl!"
Holo-Pearl says: "Do you wish to battle again?"
Steven says: "Pearl!"
Steven says: "*runs around Pearl* That was amazing, you were so cool!"
Pearl says: "*blushes and chuckles* Oh-hoho, well, one does try their best."
Steven says: "*excitedly* Will you teach me to sword fight like you?!"
Steven says: "!"
Pearl says: "*laughs* Alright, but we should start with the basics."
Pearl says: "*turns to Holo-Pearl* Ahem!"
Pearl says: "Initiate, training mode."
Holo-Pearl says: "*gets up* Training mode initiated."
Holo-Pearl says: "Level 1."
Holo-Pearl says: "Begin!"
Pearl says: "I want you to stand back Steven, and watch me carefully, okay?"
Holo-Pearl says: "*begins sparring with Pearl* Parry!"
Holo-Pearl says: "Parry!"
Holo-Pearl says: "Thrust!"
Holo-Pearl says: "Parry!"
Holo-Pearl says: "Parry!"
Holo-Pearl says: "Thrust!"
Pearl says: "Do you see what I'm doing with my feet, Steven?"
Pearl says: "Notice where I keep my center of gravity."
Steven says: "*quickly loses interest* Aww, can you show me something cool?"
Steven says: "Like the Boomerang Blade!"
Pearl says: "Steven, you know that's not a real sword technique."
Steven says: "*chanting* Boomerang Blade!"
Steven says: "Boomerang Blade!"
Steven says: "Boomerang Blade!"
Pearl says: "*turns to Steven, annoyed* Steven, these are real sword techniques."
Pearl says: "Not those silly things from your movies."
Distracted, Pearl is suddenly stabbed by Holo-Pearl "thrust".
Amethyst says: "Woah."
Garnet says: "Oh no."
Pearl drops her sword, which hits the ground with a loud clang.
Steven says: "*tears up*..."
Steven says: "Pearl?"
Pearl says: "*sees the sword impaled through her and chuckles nervously* W-whoopsie-daisy!"
Pearl says: "Steven, it's okay."
Pearl suddenly poofs into a white cloud, leaving just her gemstone, as it falls to the ground.
Steven says: "NOOOOOO!"
Steven says: "*slides to Pearl's gemstone and picks it up* P-Pearl?"
Steven says: "Pearl..."
Holo-Pearl says: "Challenger defeated."
Holo-Pearl says: "Level 1 failed!"
Garnet says: "Steven!"
Amethyst says: "Steven!"
Steven says: "*crying* I..."
Steven says: "."
Steven says: "I-I was just..."
Amethyst says: "*puts her hand on his back* Steven, it's okay, Pearl's gonna be just fine."
Steven says: "*turns to Garnet* Whaddya mean?"
Garnet says: "Sometimes, if our bodies are badly damaged, we release our physical forms and retreat to our gems to regenerate."
Steven says: "So she's gonna be okay?"
Amethyst says: "*sits down* Don't worry, bud."
Amethyst says: "These kinds of things just happen sometimes."
Amethyst says: "Usually to me."
Garnet says: "Always to you."
Amethyst says: "Hey, I'm scrappy."
Amethyst says: "Whaddya want?"
Steven says: "*laughs* So, how long will it take her to regenerate?"
Steven says: "5 minutes?"
Steven says: "10 minutes?"
Time Skip — Two weeks later.
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Steven places Pearl's gem in a hand basket and places it under a lamp, hoping to incubate it.
Steven says: "*sighs* What's taking so long?"
Garnet and Amethyst warp in on the Warp Pad. Amethyst is still riding atop the small cloud.
Amethyst says: "Whadup?"
Steven says: "*depressed* Heeey."
Amethyst says: "*floats over* She's still not done?"
Amethyst says: "Man, she's really taking her time with this one."
Amethyst says: "Gotta tell you though, love what you've done with the place."
Steven and Amethyst observe the messy state of the house, with trash everywhere, things lying carelessly on the ground, and dishes piled up in the kitchen. Garnet returns back to her room in the background.
Steven says: "Pearl usually helps me tidy up."
Amethyst says: "Eh, I say leave it."
Steven says: "Hey!"
Steven says: "If real Pearl can't be here, there's always the next best thing!"
Steven runs to unravels a blanket hiding a figure in the corner of the room, revealing it to be Holo-Pearl, holding a sword.
Holo-Pearl says: "Do you wish to engage in combat?"
Amethyst says: "Steven."
Amethyst says: "*sighs* Cover that thing back up."
Steven says: "But it's like Pearl."
Steven says: "Look at it."
Amethyst says: "Yeahhh..."
Amethyst says: "That ain't Pearl."
Steven says: "Well, maybe I can get it to act like her."
Trans. Steven's Room.
Steven shows Holo-Pearl his room, which is as messy as the rest of the house.
Steven says: "Here we have, a mess."
Steven says: "Organizing messes is one of Pearl's favorite hobbies."
Steven says: "Here."
Steven says: "*bends down and picks up various figurines* Pearl likes to organize them by type."
Steven says: "Animal, humanoid, miscellaneous."
Steven says: "Now you try."
Holo-Pearl says: "*switches to combat mode* You've drawn your sword in vain!"
Steven says: "What?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "Aah!"
Holo-Pearl thrusts forwards, which Steven quickly ducks under, and stabs the toy Steven was holding.
Holo-Pearl says: "Challenger defeated."
Steven says: "*sighs* Maybe we need to try something else."
Trans. Ext. Beach House.
Garnet and Amethyst are standing on the beach, as Steven and Holo-Pearl watch from a distance. Amethyst holds the cloud, all clumped up in her hands.
Amethyst says: "I'm gonna do it."
Garnet says: "Go on then."
Amethyst stuffs the cloud into her mouth and swallows it, causing her to inflate like a balloon and float upwards. Garnet grabs Amethyst's legs before she floats off.
Steven says: "*laughs* Pearl always likes to tease Amethyst when she does funny stuff like this."
Holo-Pearl says: "*holding an umbrella* I won't go easy on you this time!"
Steven says: "That's the spirit!"
Steven says: "*walks over to Garnet and Amethyst* What are you rascals doing over here?"
Holo-Pearl says: "Draw your weapon, challenger!"
Amethyst says: "Ugh, Steven, why are you still hanging out with that thing?"
Amethyst says: "It's gross."
Steven says: "I just really miss spending time with Pearl."
Garnet says: "Pearl will come back to us in time, Steven, have patience."
Garnet says: "..."
Garnet says: "And stop hanging out with that thing."
Garnet says: "It's creepy."
Garnet crosses her arms, accidentally letting go of Amethyst. Amethyst then quickly floats into the sky.
Amethyst says: "Wh-o-o-o-oa!"
Garnet says: "Hmm..."
Trans. Pearl's Tree.
Holo-Pearl and Steven stand atop the hill with Pearl's tree, Steven is holding a stuffed walrus toy and Holo-Pearl is holding a balloon sword, wearing a balloon crown.
Steven says: "You had fun at the boardwalk, right?"
Holo-Pearl says: "Parry!"
Steven says: "Oh come on, you gotta work with me here."
Steven says: "This is Pearl's favorite tree."
Steven says: "Don't you recognize it?"
Steven says: "What's on your mind?"
Steven says: "Come on, don't hold back."
Holo-Pearl says: "*switches to combat mode* Challenge accepted!"
Steven says: "What?!"
Steven says: "!"
Holo-Pearl quickly swings the balloon sword, which Steven ducks under, and slices the tree clean in half .
Steven says: "Oh no, the tree!"
Holo-Pearl says: "Challenger defeated."
Steven says: "Real Pearl would never do that!"
Steven says: "Grr, you're hopeless!"
Steven says: "Get away from me!"
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Rain and lighting belt down once more. Steven watches the downpour through the window while talking to Pearl's gem, nestled in a blanket beside him.
Steven says: "It's too bad you're still not back, Pearl."
Steven says: "*holds up a movie cover box* Because I just found a copy of the fifth Lonely Blade movie!"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "*sighs* How long are you gonna make me wait, Pearl?"
Steven says: "Oh, the popcorn's done, stay right there."
Steven goes to the kitchen and takes out a bag of popcorn from the microwave. Holo-Pearl suddenly appears behind him, shocking Steven.
Holo-Pearl says: "Do you wish to test your skills against me in a duel?"
Steven says: "No!"
Steven says: "No sword fighting!"
Steven makes his way up to his bedroom, when lightning flashes, and Holo-Pearl appears behind him again.
Holo-Pearl says: "Draw your sword and fulfill your destiny!"
Steven says: "No!"
Steven says: "Leave real Pearl and me alone!"
Steven says: "*tosses a blanket over Holo-Pearl* Go back under your sheet."
Steven watches the fifth movie of Lonely Blade with Pearl's gem, this time dubbed in English.
Lonely Blade says: "Brother, is that you?"
Lonely Blade's Brother says: "*as a zombie* Yes."
Lonely Blade's Brother says: "It's me."
Lonely Blade's Brother says: "Your..."
Lonely Blade's Brother says: "brother."
Lonely Blade's Brother says: "Your technique is..."
Steven says: "Woah, this dub is really good."
Steven says: "What do you think, Pearl?"
Holo-Pearl says: "*appears suddenly, still under the blanket, pierces through it with her sword* Parry!"
Steven says: "*startled* Gah!"
Steven says: "Grr..."
Lonely Blade's Brother says: "Brother!!"
Lonely Blade says: "Just wait a minute..."
Lonely Blade says: "you're not my real brother!"
Lonely Blade says: "Grr, Boomerang Blade!"
Lonely Blade's Brother says: "Your technique is impressive."
Lonely Blade's Brother says: "But it won't be enough."
Steven begins to think back at the moment Pearl was struck down.
Flashback.
End Flashback.
Steven eyes are shut tightly with tears forming, when Holo-Pearl suddenly attacks the TV.
Holo-Pearl says: "Thrust!"
Steven says: "Ah, the TV!"
Steven says: "Why must you destroy the things I love?"
Holo-Pearl says: "Challenger defeated."
Holo-Pearl says: "Continue?"
Steven says: "I hate you, I HATE YOU!"
Steven says: "You're nothing like Pearl!"
Steven says: "Pearl is smart, and she always wants to protect me from danger."
Steven says: "All you want to do is FIGHT ME!"
Holo-Pearl says: "Challenge accepted!"
Steven says: "Grr, alright fine!"
Holo-Pearl says: "Basic attack mode, initiated."
Holo-Pearl says: "*starts sparring* Parry!"
Holo-Pearl says: "Parry!"
Holo-Pearl says: "Thrust!"
Holo-Pearl says: "Parry!"
Holo-Pearl says: "Parry!"
Holo-Pearl says: "Thrust!"
Holo-Pearl says: "Parry!"
Holo-Pearl says: "Parry!"
Holo-Pearl says: "Thrust!"
Steven says: "Stop saying that!"
Holo-Pearl says: "Basic attack mode defeated."
Holo-Pearl says: "Now initiating advanced mode!"
Holo-Pearl quickly shreds the blanket over it and attacks Steven, forcing him to retreat.
Steven says: "*picks up the toy walrus* Walrus shield!"
Steven says: "Ah!"
Steven says: "*searches for another item* Snacks, pillow, fuzzy flower, boomerang?"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Boomerang!"
Steven says: "*throws the boomerang, which promptly flies around Holo-Pearl and back to his hand* Ah!"
Steven retreats into the kitchen while dodging Holo-Pearl's attacks. He grabs and wields a nearby mop. Holo-Pearl quickly chops the mop short and unleashes a flurry of attacks at Steven.
Steven says: "*dodging the attacks* Pearl!"
Steven says: "I should have just..."
Steven says: "waited for you to come back."
Holo-Pearl says: "Challenger wins."
Holo-Pearl says: "Do you wish to duel again?"
Steven says: "NOOOO!"
Steven grabs the mop stuck in Holo-Pearl and begins swatting it away, dissolving its form. Garnet and Amethyst, still inflated, enter from outside.
Garnet says: "Steven, we heard fighting."
Amethyst says: "Ow."
Amethyst says: "Are you alright?"
Amethyst says: "What's going on?"
Steven says: "Oh, just moppin'."
Steven says: "DIE!"
Just then, Pearl's gem begin to glow inside Steven's bedroom. It hovers into the air as Pearl begins to regenerate, sporting a slightly different outfit from before.
Steven says: "Never mind!"
Steven says: "Pearl's back!"
Pearl says: "Ah..."
Pearl says: "That's much better."
Pearl says: "Oof, hey, miss me much?"
Steven says: "Ah man, I had this whole thing planned out for when you came back!"
Pearl says: "*notices the messy state of the house* Uh, Steven."
Pearl says: "What happened to your room?"
Pearl says: "*sees the inflated Amethyst* I don't even want to know what happened to you."
Amethyst says: "I got hit by an airplane!"
Steven returns, with his shirt tied around his head, using a pot and a wooden spoon like a drum.
Steven says: "*chanting* Pearl's back!"
Steven says: "Pearl's back!"
Steven says: "Pearl's back!"
Pearl says: "Steven, what are you doing?"
Steven continues to chant as Amethyst burps out more of the cloud. The star iris starts to zoom in on Pearl's face.
Pearl says: "Ughh..."
Pearl says: "I can't leave you guys alone for a second."
Steven says: "*pops in* Pearl's back!"
END.