Steven is seen standing on the Crystal Temple Warp Pad, holding an electric guitar connected to a speaker.
Steven says: "Hi, guys!"
Steven says: "Welcome to "Steven's Song Time"!"
Steven says: "Things have been pretty crazy lately, and..."
Steven says: "I've got a lot of feelings that are hard to talk about."
Steven says: "So, I put them in a song."
Steven says: "Oh, and I'll put up guitar tabs so you can learn to play along if you like."
Steven gestures to the right, where a guitar fretboard is shown on the screen.
Steven says: "These are strings for standard tuning."
The strings on the guitar fretboard are shown one by one.
Steven says: "And the dots are for your fingers."
The E major guitar chord is shown and played, and Steven holds up four of his fingers, which are labelled from 1 to 4.
Steven says: "Uh, okay."
Steven says: "Here goes."
Steven says: "The song is "Still Not Giving Up"."
Steven begins playing his electric guitar, as the guitar fretboard displays the various chords he plays during the song.
Steven says: "♪ Hey there, have you heard about the infamous Gem War?"
Steven says: "♪ It all started long before I was born."
Steven says: "♪ Thousands of years of fighting, to protect the human race."
Steven says: "♪ It's been pretty tough keeping up the pace."
Steven says: "♪ I sure have made my fair share of mistakes."
Steven says: "♪ I didn't know that Rose Quartz was such a big deal."
Steven says: "♪ There's some wounds that even healing powers can't heal."
Steven says: "♪ Oh, I feel like I messed up."
Steven says: "♪ This magical destiny really kicked me in the butt."
Steven says: "♪ We've had some good times, and some pretty bad luck."
Steven says: "♪ But we're still in this together, ♪ And we're still not giving up!"
Steven says: "♪ We're still not giving up!"
Steven says: "♪ I'm still not giving up!"
Stevens starts to tear up, as he vocalizes a part of "We Are the Crystal Gems".
Steven says: "♪ Da da da da da, ♪ Da da da da da da."
Steven says: "♪ Da da da da da da, ♪ Da da..."
Steven concludes his song and wipes the tear off his eyes.
Steven says: "Thanks for listening."
Steven says: "If you've been having some difficult feeling lately, try writing a song about them."
Steven says: "I'd love to hear it!"
Steven says: "Ok, I love you!"
Steven says: "Bye!"
A pink ending card with a music note on it then appears.
END.