Open Int. Beach House, Night-time.
Sounds of the waves can be heard echoing all around the dark empty house. The temple Warp Pad then lights up and the Crystal Gems warp in, with Steven looking ever so happy to be back home after being so far away at the barn.
Steven says: "We're finally home!"
Steven says: "*stretches out his hands in excitement* Oh hello house!"
Garnet flicks a switch, turning on the lights, and Steven runs up to his bedroom.
Steven says: "Hello, bed!"
Steven says: "*flops onto his bed* Hello, TV!"
Steven says: "*stands in front of the TV, speaking to it* We've got some catching up to do."
Steven says: "*goes to the kitchen* Hello, kitchen!"
Steven says: "hello, food- ohhhh!"
Steven opens the fridge and then collapses backwards, as if being hit by an invisible force.
Amethyst says: "Uh oh, that cake go bad?"
Steven says: "That was a cake!"
Steven says: "?"
Trans. Ext. Crystal Temple.
Steven runs out of the house and along the beach towards Beach City.
Steven says: "Hello, Temple!"
Steven says: "Hello, Beach City!"
Steven says: "Hello, town!"
Steven says: "And hello, my favorite place to get a snack, the Big Donut!"
Steven says: "- is CLOSED!"
Steven says: "?"
Steven runs towards the Big Donut as fast as he can, when Sadie is closing up the shop for the night.
Sadie says: "Oh hey, Steven, haven't seen you for a while."
Sadie says: "You missed all the earthquakes."
Steven says: "*panting* I was out in the field saving the world."
Sadie says: "Wow, nice."
Steven says: "Are you closing up?"
Steven says: "I really wanted a donut."
Steven says: "*presses his face through the glass window* There's gotta be at least one in here."
Sadie says: "Sorry, I already set the alarm for the night."
Steven says: "But Sadie!"
Steven says: "I've been gone so long, and all the food in our house went bad, and I'm just starving."
Sadie says: "Um, I think Fish Stew Pizza is still open."
Steven says: "*hesitates* I don't know if I'm hungry enough for a meal."
Sadie says: "But you're starving?"
Steven says: "No, I'm dying!"
Steven says: "Blaaah!"
Sadie says: "Well, if you're dead now, I guess you can't come by tomorrow."
Steven says: "*quickly gets up* I won't be dead then, what happens tomorrow?"
Sadie says: "If you didn't know, we started baking our own donuts after that workplace safety lawsuit was thrown out."
Sadie says: "So if you get here tomorrow right when the shop opens, you can have the very first-  fresh..."
Sadie says: "donut of the day."
Steven says: "What an honor."
Steven says: "First thing tomorrow, I'll be here when the store opens just to taste your first delicious donut of the day!"
Sadie says: "Yeah sure, later Steven."
Trans. Ext. Beach House.
Steven is sitting outside on the porch, setting an alarm on his Cookie Cat alarm clock.
Steven says: "Hmmmm, Six fifty-five A."
Steven says: "M."
Steven says: "That should give me enough time to get to the Big Donut right when it opens at 7, and I can start another beautiful Beach City day."
Steven says: "*runs to the railings and sighs in relief* It feels so good to be home."
Steven says: "Hello, Beach City!"
Steven says: "It's great to be back!"
Steven leaps in overwhelming joy, unknowingly jumping up really high, and finds himself floating in front of the face of the Temple Statue.
Steven says: "Whoa..."
Steven says: "I jumped super high!"
Steven says: "I didn't know I could do that!"
Steven then begins to float back down onto the porch, and he stands in a daze for a brief moment.
Steven says: "Oh my gosh, this is a new power!"
Steven says: "It's like I'm super light!"
Steven says: "*jumps and floats down to the beach* Whooaa."
Steven says: "I can jump really high and float down really slow!"
Steven says: "Jump, float."
Steven says: "Jump, float."
Steven says: "Jump..."
Steven says: "*jumps to the top of the Lighthouse above the Temple* Aaand jump!"
Steven jumps into the clouds, as an airplane from Dhawar Airlines passes by.
Air Hostess on Dhawar Airlines says: "The captain has turned on the seat belt sign, looks like we got some boys in the sky ahead of us."
Steven says: "Wow."
Steven looks around him in excitement, observing the beauty of the sky and the ocean, as he begins to descend slowly towards the ground.
Steven says: "Beach City looks so small from up here."
Steven says: "Oh man, I wanna jump around Funland."
Steven says: "*wiggles his legs in the air* Huh?"
Steven tries to push himself downwards, but he continues to descend at a constant slow rate.
Steven says: "Hmmm..."
Steven says: ".."
Steven says: "I guess it might take a while to land."
Steven says: "Maybe I shouldn't have jumped so high."
Steven says: "Oh Steven, how do you keep getting in these predicaments?"
Steven then see Amethyst exiting the Beach House and heading towards the beach.
Steven says: "Hey, it's Amethyst, she can help me."
Steven says: "Amethyst!"
Steven says: "Hey!"
Steven says: "Over here!"
Amethyst says: "*unable to hear or see Steven too far up* Yo, Steven, are you still up?"
Amethyst says: "Last chance for some cake."
Steven says: "Ugh, she can't hear me."
Steven says: "I'm too far away."
Steven looks around for something to get Amethyst's attention. He removes his right flip-flop and hurls it downwards. It lands besides Amethyst and she walks over to look down at it.
Steven says: "No no, look up here!"
Amethyst says: "Hey!"
Amethyst says: "Who's the wise guy?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Steven says: "She saw me, she saw me!"
Amethyst says: "Oh, there's Steven!"
Amethyst says: "Just flying around."
Steven says: "No, Amethyst!"
Steven says: "Come back!"
Amethyst walks up to the door, ready to enter the house, when she pauses to ponder.
Amethyst says: "Wait, can Steven fly?"
Amethyst says: "Yeah, I think I remember that."
Amethyst says: "*enters the house, and exits again a few seconds later* No no, I'm thinking of Lapis."
Amethyst says: "*shouts* Hey, Steven!"
Amethyst says: "How did you learn how to fly?"
Steven says: "*shouts* Amethyst!"
Steven says: "Go get help!"
Amethyst says: "*shouts back* What!"
Amethyst says: "?"
Steven says: "*sighs* She can't hear me."
Amethyst begins jumping really high to talk to Steven.
Amethyst says: "Hey, Air Steve."
Steven says: "Amethyst, I need you to..."
Steven says: "Dang, too slow."
Steven says: "Better ask quicker."
Amethyst says: "*jumps back up* What'd you say?"
Steven says: "I could really use your assistance dealing with the sudden appearance of..."
Steven says: "Umm..."
Amethyst says: "*returns, looking rather annoyed* Dude, summarize."
Steven says: "Go get Garnet!"
Time-Skip.
Garnet is now on the beach, looking up at Steven and pondering, while Amethyst waits for her response.
Garnet says: "Hmmm..."
Garnet says: "."
Amethyst says: "Well, Garnet?"
Garnet says: "Hmmmmmmm..."
Garnet says: "..."
Pearl suddenly pops in, freaking out.
Pearl says: "What are you all doing!"
Pearl says: "?"
Pearl says: "Steven is falling; he needs our help."
Pearl says: "I'll catch you, Steven!"
Pearl starts running backwards around in her panic, holding her arms out and trying to find out where Steven will land.
Amethyst says: "I think it's gonna be a while."
Garnet jumps away and noises are heard, implying she breaks a window, triggers a car alarm, and knocks over trash cans. She then returns with a phone in her hand.
Garnet says: "I've found a phone."
Amethyst says: "Whose is it?"
Garnet says: "That's not important."
Garnet dials Steven's number on the phone. Steven's phone begins to rings, revealing it to be Kofi's phone, and Steven answers.
Steven says: "Hello?"
Garnet says: "Ground control to Steven Universe."
Pearl says: "*yells through the phone* Steven!"
Pearl says: "Are you okay?"
Garnet puts Kofi's phone on speaker.
Steven says: "Oh, yeah, I'm fine."
Amethyst says: "See, he's got this."
Steven says: "Not exactly, I think this is some kind of new power."
Garnet says: "Rose could regulate the speed of her descent."
Amethyst says: "Yeah, and she could control how fast she fell."
Garnet says: "That's what I said."
Pearl says: "Steven, try falling a little faster."
Steven says: "I can't figure out how, and it's taking forever to reach the ground."
Steven says: "Can you guys just keep me company until I land?"
The Gems begins to do their best to help Steven pass the night comfortably. Amethyst hurls a soda can at Steven, and then a bag of chips, but it accidentally hits a seagull passing by.
Amethyst says: "Oooh..."
Garnet then begins playing checkers with Steven. Steven makes a move, then Garnet discovers a chain and captures all of Steven's pieces in one fell swoop.
Steven says: "Wha..."
Steven keeps descending ever so slowly as the sun begins to rise. Pearl plays a picture-guessing game on the sand with Steven.
Steven says: "Is it a broom?"
Steven says: "No, it's a spear!"
Pearl gives Steven a thumbs-up. Suddenly in the background, Steven's Cookie Cat alarm goes off.
Amethyst says: "Hey, Steven, why is your alarm going off?"
Steven gasps heavily as he flashes back to the previous night.
Steven says: "Six fifty five A."
Steven says: "M."
Steven says: "That should give me enough time to get to the Big Donut right when it opens at 7."
Donut Steven's Imagination in Sadie's voice.
Steven says: "Oh, nuts, my donuts!"
Steven says: "*speaks into his phone* Guys, I need to get down right now!"
Garnet turns off the alarm clock while Amethyst holds onto Kofi's phone.
Amethyst says: "What's the hurry, dude?"
Amethyst says: "You got nowhere to be."
Pearl says: "He's clearly very tired from being up all night, and he's eager to get some sleep."
Steven says: "*through the phone's speaker* There's no time to explain, just help me down!"
Amethyst says: "How're we supposed to do that?"
Pearl says: "Maybe we can weigh him down?"
Pearl jumps up and puts a heavy jacket on Steven.
Steven says: "It's not enough, keep it coming!"
Amethyst hands Steven a bowling ball.
Steven says: "More, more!"
Garnet bring a boat from the sea and places it on Steven.
Steven says: "Nnnnn, I don't think this is working."
Pearl and Garnet climb aboard the boat while Amethyst, as Purple Puma, tries to weigh it down.
Steven says: "Nothing's working, is there anything else you could put on me?"
Garnet says: "Just this alarm clock."
Steven says: "Nnnnn, I don't think this is working."
(Garnet pulls out the Cookie Cat alarm clock says: "26" as the current time."
shows it to Steven. It displays "7 says: "26" as the current time."
(Garnet pulls out the Cookie Cat alarm clock says: "Steven looks at the time in disappointment."
shows it to Steven. It displays "7 says: "Steven looks at the time in disappointment."
(Garnet pulls out the Cookie Cat alarm clock says: ")"
shows it to Steven. It displays "7 says: ")"
Steven says: "It's past 7:00."
Steven says: "*sighs* Thanks for trying guys, but there's no point any more."
Amethyst says: "Sorry, Steven."
Pearl says: "Sorry, Steven."
Garnet says: "It wasn't meant to be."
Steven says: "Huh..."
Steven says: "*flips over, causing everything to fall off of him* It was 'too' meant to be."
Steven says: "*sighs in disappointment* My first day back, and it's already ruined."
Steven says: "I wonder who will get my donut instead of me."
Steven begins imagining the scenario in the Big Donut.
Steven says: "Probably Peedee, he'll be up for his morning jog."
Steven says: "Mr."
Steven says: "Smiley will have the second donut."
Steven says: "Lars will embezzle one."
Steven says: "Ronaldo will buy one that he thinks is a mutant."
Steven says: "Onion will buy one, and take it for granted."
Steven says: "And then Mayor Dewey will order a dozen, and then a dozen dozen for the whole town, and then a dozen dozen dozen for all the starving children of the world!"
Steven imagines small cartoony children surrounding the Earth, holding out their donuts and cheering in joy.
Steven says: "But not for Steven."
Steven imagine Sadie preparing a special donut on a pillow with a card named "Steven" especially for him.
Steven says: "They'll say, "Where's Steven?"
Steven says: "We saved a donut for him."
Steven says: "" They won't see me, because I'm in the sky."
Steven says: "And then they'll feed my donut to a dog."
Steven imagines Sadie feeding his donut to a stray dog.
Steven says: "And then I'll die..."
Steven imagines his skeleton falling from the sky.
Sadie Steven's imagination.
Steven says: "Noooooo!"
Steve's skull starts screaming, when Steven wakes up from his daydream, realizing he is now falling towards the ground at a faster speed.
Steven says: "Huh?"
Steven says: "I'm falling."
Steven says: "Oh jeez, I'm falling!"
Steven says: "*calls out to the Gems* GUYS!"
The Gems, however, are busy discussing on the beach on how to get Steven down, and do not notice Steven falling.
Amethyst says: "Yeah, but if he did have a jetpack, he could just put it on upside down."
Steven says: "Uh, they still can't hear me."
Steven says: "Oh, my phone!"
Steven says: "*checks his pockets and cannot find it* I dropped my phone!"
Steven says: "Why do my powers keep coming and going?"
Steven says: "I was just so happy to be home."
Steven says: "*suddenly realizes* Wait!"
Steven says: "That's it!"
Steven says: "Happiness, my floating power's tied to my emotions."
Steven says: "*facepalms* Ugh, right, just like all my stupid powers!"
Steven starts falling at an even faster speed.
Steven says: "Okay, right, I can control this!"
Steven says: "I just have to think happy thoughts and no negative thoughts."
Steven says: "So, what makes me happy?"
Steven says: "Donuts?"
Steven says: "No, I'm not gonna get any."
Steven says: "*imagines a donut, which quickly disappears with a poof* The beach?"
Steven says: "No, that's where I'm going to die."
Steven says: "*imagines himself falling into the sand and creating a Steven-shaped hole* Mom?"
Steven imagine Rose Quartz, but he pushes her away like a picture card.
Steven says: "Oh jeez, those emotions are complicated!"
Steven says: "Come on, come on brain, time is running out!"
Steven says: "I just need something that makes me happy, something I can depend on to cheer me up!"
Steven says: "*looks down and sees the Crystal Gems* My guys..."
Steven says: "They spent all night just to keep me company."
Steven says: "No matter how much I mess up, they'll be there to help me."
Steven's descend begins to slow down. Back on the beach, the Gems are still discussing about the situation, while Garnet is smiling to herself.
Garnet says: "It's all right."
Pearl says: "How is it all right!"
Pearl says: "?"
Garnet says: "By now, Steven has realized that his powers are tied to his emotions, just like I knew would happen."
Garnet says: "He's used the memories of happy and sad things to land safely behind us, ready to give us a hug."
Steven lands hard on his face in the sand behind Garnet, mis-predicting the outcome a little.
Garnet says: "Close enough."
Steven says: "*lifts up his head up excitedly* Guys!"
Steven runs towards the Gems to hug them, but Garnet halts him.
Garnet says: "Wait!"
Garnet says: "You have somewhere else to be."
Steven says: "What?"
Garnet says: "There's no time, run to the Big Donut."
Garnet says: "Run!"
Steven says: "Uh, okay!"
Pearl says: "..."
Pearl says: "I would've liked a hug."
Steven starts running towards the Big Donut.
Steven says: "No way."
Steven says: "No way."
Steven says: "*picks up his pace in increasing delight* No way, no way, no way!"
Steven says: "Whoa..."
Steven leaps and floats forward to the Big Donut, stumbling on the ground as Sadie is opening the shop for the day.
Steven says: "*runs up to Sadie excitedly* You're just opening?"
Steven says: "I thought I was late!"
Sadie says: "Late?"
Sadie says: "We always open at 7:30 on Sundays."
Steven says: "Ugh, duh..."
Sadie says: "Well, you're just in time, here you go."
Sadie says: "*holds out a donut on a plate* My treat, a fresh baked frosted donut with sprinkles."
Steven says: "My FAVORITE!"
Steven jumps in joy and accidentally crashes into the ceiling, cracking it.
Steven says: "Ugh..."
Steven says: "!"
Sadie says: "*cringes* Oh..."
Steven says: "Oh bother..."
The star iris closes on the donut Sadie is holding, ending the episode.