Open The Desert.
A sandstone column collapses into a pile of sand. The Crystal Gems climb over the sand pile, with Steven crawling on the ground.
Steven says: "W-Water..."
Steven says: "Water..."
Steven says: "So thirsty..."
Steven says: "For water..."
Pearl says: "It'll be safer if you stand up and walk."
Steven says: "You don't..."
Steven says: "understand..."
Steven says: "*keeps crawling* This..."
Steven says: "Is how..."
Steven says: "You're supposed to act..."
Steven says: "in the desert..."
Steven says: "*grows tired of his "act" and gets up, sweating* Is this the thing?"
Steven says: "The place?"
Garnet says: "Yes, Steven."
Garnet says: "The power in the structures have turned aimless."
Pearl says: "It's building columns with no roofs, stairs that go nowhere!"
Pearl says: "This is out of control!"
Amethyst says: "Then I guess we better..."
Amethyst says: "*leap-frogs over Steven*..."
Amethyst says: "roll on over there."
Amethyst says: "Heheh."
Pearl says: "That was a bit unnecessary."
Amethyst says: "*mocking Pearl* Nuh-nuh nuh nuh nuh, nuh nuh nuh nuh."
Pearl says: "Excuse me?!"
Pearl says: "!"
A roar is heard out of nowhere.
Steven says: "What was that?!"
Steven says: "!"
Amethyst says: "Let's go!"
Garnet says: "It'll be best if you stay here, Steven."
Pearl says: "We'll be quick."
Steven says: "What if something eats me?!"
Steven says: "!"
Garnet says: "Do not worry..."
Garnet says: "Wet One."
Garnet says: "*wipes the sweat off Steven's face and flicks it back at him* There's nothing out here that can harm you."
Garnet says: "See you soon."
Steven says: "Okay."
The Gems head off to investigate, while Steven finds shade under a sandstone column.
Steven says: "It's."
Steven says: "So."
Steven says: "Desert."
Steven says: "*puts his shirt over his eyes, when he hears groaning* What was that?"
Steven says: "*lifts his shirt and scans his surroundings* Nothing can harm me."
Steven says: "I, am the Wet One."
Steven spots a shadowy figure, which glares in his direction and frightens him, and runs to hide behind the sandstone column. The figure approaches the column.
Steven says: "Good thing this column was here."
The column collapses, revealing a pink furred lion behind it. Steven falls backwards in fright and begins to panic.
Steven says: "Ah!"
Steven says: "No no no!"
Steven says: "*gasps as a sand wall erects behind him, trapping him* No, no!"
Steven says: "*cowers in fear* Huh?"
The lion simply stands there glaring at Steven. It then yawns and collapses in front of him, taking a nap.
Steven says: "Huh."
Steven cautiously approaches the lion, but flinches when the lion's ear twitches. He continues to inch forward and the lion gets up to look at Steven. Steven then carefully places his palm on the lion's nose.
Steven says: "Don't bite!"
Steven places his palm on the lion's face again, as it allows him to pet it, quickly learning that it is harmless.
Steven says: "Aw, you just wanted attention."
Steven says: "*stroke the lion's body* Didn't you, didn't you?"
Steven says: "Your mane, it's so soft."
Steven says: "*buries his face into its mane* So, you from around here?"
Steven says: "I'm just here on business."
Steven says: "*climbs onto the lion as it licks its paw* I really like your pink fur."
Steven says: "You're like the cotton candy of the jungle!"
The lion tips over, causing Steven to fall off, and he climbs back on again.
Steven says: "I always wanted an animal friend."
Steven says: "But I thought- *accidentally falls off again* -It would be like a goldfish."
Steven says: "Or a dinosaur!"
Steven says: "But I guess fate had other plans for Steven Universe..."
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "and his best friend Lion."
A explosion occurs in the distance, creating a shock wave and covering Steven and Lion in sand. They shake the sand off and see the Gems returning.
Pearl says: "Amethyst, bubble it away."
Amethyst says: "No, quit being jealous, Pearl."
Amethyst says: "*is holding a gem embedded in a pillow* My kill, my keep."
Pearl says: "I'm not jealous."
Pearl says: "Just be careful, if you drop it on the sand it'll rebuild everything!"
Steven says: "*gasps* Garnet, Amethyst and Pearl are coming."
Steven says: "Quick, put my head in your mouth!"
Pearl says: "*notices Lion* Steven!"
Pearl says: "What is that?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Pearl says: "What are you doing?!"
Pearl says: "!"
The Gems summon their weapons.
Steven says: "Uhhhh..."
Steven says: "U-Uh stop!"
Steven says: "It's okay!"
Steven says: "Look, he's totally tame."
Pearl says: "That's impossible."
Steven says: "No it isn't!"
Steven says: "I-I taught him to say "I love you."
Steven says: "" *moves Lion's maw* "I love you."
Amethyst says: "That's so sweet!"
Amethyst says: "I-I love you too."
Pearl says: "*groans and dispels her spear* Get your hands out of that thing's mouth."
Pearl says: "We have to get the Desert Glass out of the desert."
Amethyst says: "I got it."
Garnet says: "Let's go, Steven."
Steven says: "Okay, give me a sec."
Steven says: "Hey Lion, I gotta go."
Steven says: "I had a lot of fun, I feel like you really get me."
Steven says: "Shhhh..."
Steven says: "This is already too hard for the both of us."
Pearl says: "Amethyst, that pillow needs to be contained."
Amethyst says: "Yeah yeah, I know what to do with it."
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Steven and Amethyst nap under a pillow fort, with the Desert Glass on top. A scratching noise is heard.
Steven says: "*slowly wakes* What's that sound?"
Amethyst says: "*slaps her hand over Steven's mouth* All I hear is your mouth."
Steven says: "I thought Gems don't need sleep."
Amethyst says: "We don't."
Amethyst says: "*sighs* feels good though."
The scratching noise keeps coming.
Steven says: "*grumbles and gets up* Razzle, razzlerrr."
Steven says: "Probably some kid trying to sell me lava insurance."
Steven says: "Hold your britches!"
Steven says: "*opens the front door, revealing it to be Lion, and gasps* Lion!"
Steven says: "Oh my gosh!"
Steven says: "This is such a surprise!"
Steven says: "You came all this way to see little old me?"
Steven says: "Woah, you're fresh."
Steven says: "*steps outside and closes the door* You can't go in there, Amethyst is pretend-sleeping."
Steven says: "But whatevs, we're together again."
Steven says: "Now we can do everything best friends do."
Trans. Ext. Crystal Temple.
Steven stands atop of a cliff with Lion sitting at the bottom.
Steven says: "Okay, here I come."
Steven says: "I'm gonna jump."
Steven says: "Get into position, ready?"
Lion remains still.
Steven says: "And, catch me!"
Steven says: "I'm jumping!"
Lion still does nothing.
Steven says: "Catch me!"
Steven says: "I'm falling!"
Steven says: "Do it, catch me, I'll die!"
Steven says: "Eeee!"
Lion just glares at Steven.
Steven says: "Okay, obviously, you're not into this- *accidentally trips and falls down the cliff, landing face down*..."
Steven says: "game."
Trans. the Beach.
Steven says: "*holding a tennis ball* Okay, gonna throw this ball."
Steven says: "Here it comes!"
Steven hurls the ball and it lands in front of Lion, with no reaction at all.
Steven says: "WHAAAAAAAAT?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "That throw was so good!"
Steven says: "*runs over to pick up the ball* Lion!"
Steven says: "All you gotta do is catch it in your mouth, see?"
Steven says: "*demonstrates, but Lion remains indifferent* Aw, you don't like that one either?"
Lion begins to walk off, but Steven stops him.
Steven says: "Okay, wait, I've got something you've gotta like!"
Trans. Ext. Fish Stew Pizza.
Steven and Lion walk towards the pizza restaurant.
Steven says: "Fish Stew Pizza."
Steven says: "Cats love fish, everybody loves pizza, so you're gonna love this!"
Steven says: "*peeks through the glass door* Woah, this place is jumpin'!"
Steven says: "Wait here, we're gonna blow some minds."
Trans. Int. Fish Stew Pizza.
Steven enters the restaurant. Inside, Onion is eating pizza and Ronaldo is using his laptop.
Steven says: "Hey guys!"
Steven says: "I'm doin' okay, you know?"
Steven says: "Just gettin' some pizza."
Steven says: "Kofi, Kiki."
Kiki says: "What're you having, Steven?"
Steven says: "Large pizza please, extra fishy."
Kiki says: "You must be hungry."
Steven says: "*chuckles* I'm ordering for two."
Ronaldo says: "*does a spit-take* Steven's pregnant?!"
Ronaldo says: "!"
Steven says: "I don't think so, but I have a giant pet lion right outside!"
Kiki says: "You're not "lion" are you?"
Steven says: "*laughs* That's funny."
Steven says: "But I'm not."
Ronaldo says: "I believe it!"
Ronaldo says: "Lots of weird stuff happens in Beach City."
Ronaldo says: "You'd know if you read my blog "Keep Beach City Weird"!"
Ronaldo says: "I also have buttons!"
Steven says: "Just go outside and see for yourselves."
Ronaldo says: "This is amazing!"
Steven says: "*nods* Mm-hmm!"
Ronaldo says: "It's invisible!"
Steven says: "Huh?"
Steven says: "What?"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "*runs outside* He's not invisible."
Steven says: "He's pink."
Ronaldo says: "Pink?"
Ronaldo says: "*feeling the air aimlessly* How can he be invisible and pink?"
Kiki says: "There's nothing out here, Ronaldo."
Kiki says: "Steven was "lion"."
Kiki says: "Sorry for using the same pun twice."
Ronaldo says: "Bet you're not even pregnant..."
Steven says: "No, I'm telling the truth, he's real!"
Steven says: "Onion, you believe me, right?"
Trans. Ext. Beach House.
Steven walks to his house, disappointed. He then sees Lion clawing at the front door of the house.
Steven says: "Huh?"
Steven says: "*gasps* Hey, hey Lion!"
Steven says: "You left me at the pizza place, I looked like a fool!"
Steven says: "I had to eat a whole pizza by myself!"
Lion breaks through the door and jumps inside the house. Amethyst is still fast asleep under the pillow fort, unawakened by the disturbance.
Steven says: "Lion, Lion no!"
Amethyst says: "*yawns* Keep it down Steven."
Steven says: "What was that for?"
Steven says: "The pillow?"
Steven says: "*runs up to his bed and picks up the Desert Glass* Is this what you wanted?"
Steven says: "This pillow?"
Steven says: "I've been trying to play with you, and feed you, 'cause I thought we were best friends."
Steven says: "Did all of that mean nothing to you?"
Steven says: "Fine!"
Steven says: "I don't care!"
Steven says: "If you want it, you can have it!"
The beach begins to shake and the Desert Glass begins to erect several sand structures all around. Steven runs down to the beach to witness the formation, when Garnet and Pearl exit the house too.
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "The Desert Glass, it's rebuilding its castle."
Pearl says: "Why didn't you bubble it earlier?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Amethyst says: "Welcome to shrug city, P."
Pearl says: "*to Steven* Don't move, we're coming!"
Steven says: "Okay!"
Steven pushes through into the eye of the sandstorm, where many sand structures are erected. The Desert Glass rises atop a very tall center column with several pillars branching off of it.
Steven says: "There it is, the pillow!"
Steven says: "I have to get it off the sand."
Steven begins to hop between the many crumbling sand structures towards the center column. Outside the sandstorm, the Glass has erected a massive sandstone wall.
Garnet says: "*punches the wall with no impact* This wall's not moving!"
Amethyst is launched in the air by a rapidly-erected erected column. Back inside the sandstorm, Steven continues to maneuver towards the Desert Glass. Just as he is about to reach the top, the crumbling sand structures send him falling towards sand spikes on the ground. Just as Steven is plummeting to his doom, a shadowy figure suddenly rushes in and catches him in mid-air. Steven looks down and sees that it is Lion who comes to his rescue.
Steven says: "Lion!"
Steven says: "It's there!"
Steven says: "It's putting up defenses, how are we gonna get up there?!"
Steven says: "!"
Lion lets out a magical roar, decimating some obtruding sand spikes.
Steven says: "Yep, sounds good."
Steven says: "Let's go!"
More sand columns erect and block Steven and Lion's path. Lion roars again, knocking over the columns and creating a path, and makes a sprint towards the top of the center column.
Steven says: "Now, Lion!"
Lion roars, breaking through the final wall, and emerges through it, with Steven and the Desert Glass in his hand. The sand structures and sandstorm immediately dissipates. Lion makes a rough landing, flinging Steven tumbling in the sand. The Gems then emerge from the sand and Steven chuckles nervously.
Pearl says: "*bubbles the Desert Glass away* We should've done this in the first place."
Amethyst says: "In my defense, I forgot."
Steven says: "*to Lion* So I guess, this is goodbye."
Steven says: "We had some good times, but I'm sure you have other magical stuff, to smash with other magical boys."
Steven says: "*moves Lion's lips* "I love you Steven."
Steven says: "I want to stay with you forever!"
Steven says: "" *gasps* Really?"
Steven says: "Guys, you hear that?"
Pearl says: "Are we really going to let him keep that?"
Garnet says: "We kept Amethyst."
Pearl says: "*laughs hysterically* Oh, oh ho ho, "kept Amethyst", oh Garnet, that's priceless!"
Steven says: "Yay, Lion!"
Steven says: "*makes Lion wink* Wink!"
The star iris zooms in on Lion's eye, ending the episode.
END.