Open Int. Beach House.
Connie packs her belongings in her bag, as she prepares to leave Steven's home.
Steven says: "Thanks again for protecting Beach City while I was gone, Connie."
Connie says: "No problem!"
Connie says: "*salutes Steven* And now that you're back from space, I officially relinquish control of your bed to you."
Steven says: "*salutes back* Thank you for keeping it warm, sir."
Steven and Connie start laughing together.
Connie says: "I hope your dad liked the new car wash sign!"
Both begin walking towards the door.
Steven says: "He loved it!"
Steven says: "I'm sure it'll look great when the Gems are done putting it up."
Connie says: "I hope they're back in time for me to say bye."
Steven says: "Uhh..."
Steven says: "It might be a while?"
Steven says: "You wouldn't believe how many of them it takes to screw in a lightbulb."
Connie says: "*opens the door* I wonder where my mom is."
Connie says: "She should've been here to pick me up by now."
Connie dials her phone and calls her mom. A voicemail message is heard.
Priyanka Maheswaran voicemail.
You've reached Doctor Maheswaran. Please leave a message. And if you're one of my patients, you shouldn't have this number!
Connie says: "She's not answering."
Steven says: "Well, look on the bright side!"
Steven says: "Now we can hang out a little longer, I'm sure she'll show up eventually."
Connie says: "I don't want to impose, I mean, you must have a lot to think about after your space adventure."
Connie says: "You almost lost your dad, and all that stuff about the Diamonds, and your mom?"
Connie says: "I'd understand if you need some space."
Steven says: "Nah!"
Steven says: "The last thing I need right now is more space."
Connie says: "Okay!"
Connie says: "What do you wanna do?"
Time-Skip; Evening.
Steven and Connie are seen playing a game similar to Mad Libs, after playing a bunch of other board games. Steven fills in the blanks while Connie, seemingly in unrest, provides the words.
Steven says: "The last word is a noun."
Connie says: "Umm."
Connie says: ""Multi-hulled watercraft"."
Steven says: "Okay, here it goes."
Steven says: "The "wiggly" baker baked some new "wacky" pastries."
Steven says: "There were "snail" puffs, "lawn mower" pies, and "entropy" muffins!"
Steven says: "Everyone was so "fuzzy" that they ate everything!"
Steven says: "Even the cheese caked shaped like a "multi-hulled watercraft"!"
All while Steven is reading the passage, Connie attempts to call her mom and ending up reaching her voicemail again.
Connie says: "This is really weird."
Connie says: "My mom always answers her phone."
Steven says: "Hmm..."
Steven says: "Oh!"
Steven says: "How about I give you a ride home on Lion?"
Connie says: "It's not getting home I'm worried about!"
Connie says: "What if she shows up here and we're gone?"
Connie says: "We should probably stay put until she comes."
Steven says: "Well, while we're still waiting, how about another weird word game?"
Connie says: "Okay."
Steven says: "Alright!"
Steven says: "Let's see what we got here."
Steven says: "The first one is an adjective."
Connie says: ""Accidental"."
Steven says: ""Accidental", and the next one's a noun."
Connie says: "Umm "Mishap"!"
Steven says: ""Mishap"."
Steven says: "Adverb?"
Connie says: ""Unexpectedly"!"
Steven says: "Past tense verb?"
Connie says: ""Crashed"!"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Noun?"
Connie says: ""Explosion"!"
Steven says: "Wow, you're really worried about your mom, huh?"
Connie says: "Yeah, it's just she's never late for anything."
Connie tries to calm down, by meditating and taking a deep breath, when they heard footsteps outside the house.
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Hello?"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "I'm coming in!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "*bursts into the house* Connie!"
Connie says: "Mom!"
Connie says: "*runs and hugs her mother* Mom, what happened?"
Connie says: "I kept calling but you weren't answering!"
Connie says: "I was starting to freak out."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "The surgery went wrong, and then I had to cover for Dr."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Stromberg, again!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "My phone died, I suspect one of my patients stole my charger..."
Dr. Maheswaran says: "*sighs* I'm so sorry Connie."
Connie says: "It's okay, Mom."
Connie says: "Everything's fine now."
Steven watches in somber, yet satisfaction as Connie reunites with her mom.
Trans Ext. Beach House.
Steven stands on the porch, sending Connie and Dr. Mahaswaran off.
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Thank you, and letting Connie stay late."
Connie says: "Night, Steven!"
Steven says: "Night, Connie!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "So, he's back from the spa, huh?"
Connie says: "No, I said space!"
Dr. Maheswaran says: "Huh."
Steven walks back inside the house, now all alone in his own home. He walks in and glances up at the painting of Rose. Sighing, he heads to the shower, where he changes out of his loincloth and takes off his earrings. Afterwards, he warms up some dinner and prepares to eat it. Again, he gets distracted by the painting of Rose and begins to get uncomfortable. He then decides to go outside to eat on the porch, when it starts to rain.
Steven says: "Huh, it's nice."
Steven begins to eat, when the rain instantly worsens, with strong winds and lightning strikes. Startled and soaked, Steven quickly runs back inside the house and sits down on the living room couch. He looks at his dinner in disappointment, half of it blown away by the wind earlier, and glances at the painting of Rose again.
Steven says: "*sighs* You know, sometimes I wonder if it's even you up there, smiling all day and night."
Steven says: "I just want to know the real you."
Steven says: "Not the you that everyone tells me about."
Steven says: "I..."
Steven says: "just want to know the truth."
Steven's gem begins to glow and the Temple Gate opens up to Rose's room. Steven glances at the painting again, and at the opened temple door.
Trans Int. Rose's Room.
Steven enters the room cautiously, as the door vanishes behind him.
Steven says: "Uhh..."
Steven says: "Hey room!"
Steven says: "It's been a bit huh?"
Steven says: "Is that a new cloud?"
Steven says: "*chuckles sheepishly* So, I suppose you're wondering why I'm here, I know nothing in here is real but..."
Steven says: "I wanna see my mom."
Rose Quartz appears from clouds and Steven blushes. Rose walks up to Steven and kneels before him.
Rose says: "Hello Steven."
Steven says: "Umm..."
Steven says: "It's- It's nice to meet you."
Rose says: "*giggles and shakes Steven's hand* It's nice to meet you too."
Steven says: "*giggles* Sorry, this is a little weird for me."
Rose says: "That's okay, so what do you wanna do?"
Steven says: "Oh, uhh..."
Steven says: "I guess I hadn't thought that far ahead."
Steven says: "Do you like video games?"
A game console appears beside Steven. Steven and Rose begin to play a game called "Lonely Arms".
Rose says: "So tell me about this game Steven."
Steven says: "Well..."
Steven says: "I guess it's an arm wrestling simulator, which is a spinoff of a fighting game."
Steven says: "Based on a show about a lonely swordsman that I like."
Steven says: "It's kinda weird and hard to explain, but, that's why I like it."
Rose says: "That sounds just marvelous."
Steven and Rose play the game as Lonely Blade and Outgoing Fist respectively, and Steven beats Rose in the game.
Steven says: "Yeah, I won!"
Rose says: "Yay, you won."
Steven says: "What else do kids do with their parents?"
A football appears in front of Steven and he grabs it. Rose and Steven then begin throwing the football back and forth at each other.
Rose says: "Nice catch, son."
Steven says: "This is fun."
Steven says: "*throws the football* Or would baseball be better?"
Rose says: "Steven."
Rose says: "All sports are beautiful."
Rose says: "*chases after the football* Each sport is a unique experience."
Rose says: "The adrenaline, the glory."
Rose says: "*catches the football and spins around* The sheer feats of athleticism, each one of them so complicated."
Rose says: "*floats onto the ground* And yet, exactly the same."
Steven says: "*in awe* Whoa."
Rose says: "Hey Steven!"
Rose holds the football on the ground for Steven to kick.
Steven says: "You know, I always thought there was something strange about my adolescence."
Steven says: "Maybe this is what I've been missing."
Steven says: "Football!"
Steven runs towards the football and right before he can kick it, Rose removes the football at the last second, causing him miss and flies into the air.
Steven says: "AAUGH!"
Steven says: "*falls onto the ground, and he and Rose laugh* Touchdown!"
Rose says: "Steven."
Rose pats the ground, and Steven sits down next to her.
Steven says: "I've been, uh thinking about you a lot."
Steven says: "More than usual."
Rose says: "Is that so?"
Steven says: "Yeah, well..."
Steven says: "for my whole life, I've been hearing stories about you."
Steven says: "About how amazing you were."
Steven says: "That you were so kind and loving."
Steven says: "And every time I'd see the painting hanging of you in the temple, you inspired."
Steven says: "And reminded of how much I had to live up to you."
Steven says: "I've, uh..."
Steven says: "*chuckles nervously* Even thought about dying my hair pink."
Steven says: "More than once."
Rose says: "*giggles and ruffles Steven's hair* There's nothing wrong with your hair."
Rose says: "It's wonderful just the way it is."
Rose says: "Wonderful in every way."
Steven says: "Wow..."
Steven says: "this is it."
Steven says: "It-it's really nice."
Steven says: "*begins tearing up* I-I should have tried this a long time ago."
Rose says: "But Steven, don't you realize?"
Rose says: "We've been together this whole time."
Steven says: "Oh!"
Steven says: "*laughs* That's- That's right!"
Steven says: "*sniffles and gets up* Oh, this is the first time we've hung out together."
Steven says: "*takes out his phone* I gotta capture this moment!"
Steven prepares to snap a selfie of himself and Rose, when he look at the phone screen and sees only himself, in a black background, in the camera.
Steven says: "There's nothing here but me."
Steven says: "I'm just..."
Steven says: "talking to myself."
Steven says: "*gets up, keeps his phone and looks at Rose* You're not my mom."
Rose says: "I'm not?"
Steven says: "This is how I want you to be."
Steven says: "But I don't know if this is who you really are."
The atmosphere in the room quickly turn dark.
Steven says: "I've learned things about you."
Steven says: "Things you wanted to keep secret."
Steven says: "You locked Bismuth away inside of Lion, because she wanted to shatter Gems, and you never told Garnet or Pearl."
Steven says: "But then you shattered Pink Diamond!"
Steven says: "Now all of Homeworld has it out for Earth, and the Crystal Gems, and me!"
Steven says: "You put us all in danger, and you just..."
Steven says: "disappeared!"
Thunder rumbles and lightning strikes in the room, startling Steven. Strong wind begins to blow, lifting Steven away and knocking onto the ground. Rose begins floating in the air, with a dark shadow cast upon her face.
Steven says: "I finally know the truth."
Steven says: "I know what you are!"
Steven says: "You're a liar!"
Steven says: "I thought you'd never want to hurt anyone, but you hurt everyone!"
Steven says: "How could you just leave Garnet, and Amethyst and Pearl, and-and Dad?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "They don't know what to do without you!"
Steven says: "*gets up from the ground* Maybe they didn't matter to you, as much as hiding the mess you made!"
Steven says: "And that's why I'm here, isn't it?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "Did you just make me, so you just wouldn't have to deal with your mistakes?!"
Steven says: "!"
Rose remains silent in the storm. Steven sighs and falls to his knees in sorrow.
Steven says: "Is that what I'm all here for?"
Steven says: "..."
Rose floats down in front of Steven, and the storm calms down.
Rose says: "Steven, you know that isn't true."
Rose says: "In the tape I left you, I told you I how much I wanted to have you and let you exist."
Rose says: "Do you think what I said to you in the tape was a lie?"
Steven says: "*looks away* No..."
Steven says: "I'm sure- I'm sure you meant it."
Rose walks over and gives Steven a hug. It then begins to rain in the room.
Steven says: "I get it."
Steven says: "I know you didn't want me to deal with your problems."
Steven says: "You're a part of me now."
Steven says: "I have to deal with what you left behind."
Steven hugs Rose tighter, as she disappears into clouds.
Trans Int. Beach House.
Steven sadly emerges out of Rose's room. He heads over to the couch to lie down and turns away in somber.
Greg says: "Hey, schtu-ball!"
The front door opens as Greg and the Gems walk into the house.
Greg says: "Guess who's back in jean shorts!"
Greg says: "And guess who also got you a pizza?"
Greg says: "*sets the pizza on the table* It was me!"
Steven says: "Dad!"
Steven says: "Amethyst?"
Steven says: "Garnet?"
Steven says: "And Pearl, too?"
Greg says: "They were all out of pepperoni by the way, so I just got you mushroom."
Greg says: "I hope that's alright."
The star iris begins closing on Steven as he picks up a pizza slice.
Steven says: "It's perfect."
END.