Open Ext. Crystal Temple.
Steven and Connie are sitting on the top-right hand of the Crystal Temple statue, tuning their ukulele and violin respectively. The pair then proceeds to sing a duet, namingly "The Jam Song".
Steven says: "*playing his ukulele* ♫ The sun is bright, our shirts are clean."
Steven says: "/ We're sitting up above the sea."
Steven says: "/ Come on and share this jam with me."
Connie says: "*playing her violin* ♫ Peach or plum or strawberry, any kind is fine, you see."
Connie says: "/ Come on and share this jam with me!"
Connie says: "/ I'll do my best, to give this jam the sweetness it deserves."
Steven says: "♫ And I'll keep it fresh, I'm jamming on these tasty preserves!"
Steven says: "♫ Ingredients in harmony, we mix together perfectly, come on and share this jam with me!"
Connie says: "♫ Ingredients in harmony, we mix together perfectly, come on and share this jam with me!"
Steven says: "WOO-HOO!"
Steven says: "Jam buds!"
Connie says: "Nice jam session!"
Steven says: "Don't forget the best part!"
Steven spreads some strawberry jam on a biscuit and prepares to eat it, when a flock of seagulls approaches and growls at Steven. Steven screams and flinches, when he sees Connie using her violin bow to fend them off.
Connie says: "Yah!"
Connie says: "Hah!"
Connie says: "Hi-yah!"
Connie says: "Run back to your masters!"
Connie says: "Tell them we're not afraid of your kind!"
Steven says: "*giggles* Thanks for saving my jam snack."
Steven says: "Unfortunately, it's not safe from me."
Steven says: "*eats the jam snack* You're such a good sword fighter, Connie."
Connie says: "Really?"
Connie says: "*glances at her violin bow* I was just swinging this thing around."
Connie says: "I don't really know what I'm doing, but I'd love to learn how to use a real sword!"
Steven says: "Oh!"
Steven says: "*swallows the snack and gets starry eyes* Steven has an idea!"
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Pearl says: "You want me to do what?"
Steven says: "You should teach Connie to sword-fight, she's already so good!"
Connie says: "*blushes* Steven!"
Steven says: "But you are!"
Steven says: "You helped me fight the robot floaty-thing, she took down that evil clone of herself, uh..."
Steven says: "those mean seagulls just now..."
Pearl says: "You're awfully young to begin something like this."
Pearl says: "But, I suppose I was only a few thousand years old when I began fighting alongside Rose Quartz."
Connie raises her hand for Pearl's attention.
Pearl says: "Yes, Connie?"
Connie says: "Please, I wanna learn!"
Connie says: "*blushes* I mean, I don't know what'll happen in the future, but if something dangerous comes along, I don't wanna be a burden, I wanna help!"
Connie says: "I wanna be there for Steven, to fight by his side!"
Connie says: "The Earth is my home too, can't I help protect it?"
Pearl says: "*touched with tears of joy* Oh..."
Pearl says: "Okay..."
Pearl says: "!"
Pearl says: "*stands up and wipes away her tears* If that's how you feel, we should get started!"
Steven says: "Woo-hoo!"
Connie says: "Wait, now?"
Trans. Ext. Ancient Sky Arena.
Pearl, Steven, and Connie arrive on the Warp Pad just outside the main arena. Pearl is carrying a sword that Connie will use for her training. Connie, initially floating above the Warp Pad, falls on top of it and giggles.
Steven says: "You okay?"
Steven says: "*helps Connie up, who is still giggling* It can take some getting used to."
Connie says: "WOO!"
Connie almost falls over again, continuing to laugh, and Steven grabs her to keep her from falling over.
Pearl says: "*on the steps* Hey, you two, this way!"
Connie says: "*turns to Steven* Race you!"
Steven and Connie run up the steps towards the main arena, laughing along the way. Pearl walks in front of them, until they all arrive at the entrance to the main arena.
Connie says: "Woah!"
Pearl says: "This is an Ancient Sky Arena, Connie, where some of the first battles for Earth took place."
Pearl says: "It was here that I became familiar with the human concept of being a knight, completely dedicated to a person and a cause."
Pearl says: "*presents Connie with a sword* This is what you must become, Connie; brave, selfless, loyal..."
Pearl says: "a knight!"
Pearl says: "We begin with a bow, first to me, your teacher."
Pearl bows to Connie, and Connie returns a slight bow back.
Pearl says: "And now again, to your liege."
Connie says: "Okay!"
Connie says: "*turns to Steven and kneels to him* My liege."
Steven says: "*bows back* Miss Knight."
Steven and Connie begin giggling under their breath.
Pearl says: "I hope you two are taking this seriously."
Connie says: "Yes, ma'am!"
Steven says: "Mmhm, mmhm."
Pearl's gem begins to glow, summoning a Holo-Pearl, causing Steven to grimace a bit.
Connie says: "Cool, hologram Pearl!"
Pearl says: "To begin, this Holo-Pearl will be your opponent."
Holo-Pearl says: "*summons a holo-sword* Level 0, beginner, set."
Holo-Pearl says: "*makes a stance* Do you wish to engage in combat?"
Connie says: "*excitedly* Yes!"
Steven's gem glows, and his bubble shield suddenly forms around himself and Connie.
Connie says: "Steven?"
Steven says: "Hm?"
Steven says: "Oh!"
Steven says: "*blushes* I-I'm sorry!"
Steven says: "Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry."
Steven says: "*dispels his bubble and steps back* Reflex."
Steven says: "Uh, you just be careful, and I will go over here."
Steven walks off towards the stands nervously. Pearl walks up to Connie and places her right hand on Connie's sword arm, guiding its movement, and her left hand on Connie's shoulder. Holo-Pearl then walks up and crosses swords with Connie.
Pearl says: "Alright, everything begins with your stance."
Pearl says: "Remember..."
Pearl begins to sings "Do It for Her".
Pearl says: "♫ You do it for him, / And you would do it again."
Pearl says: "/ You do it for her, that is to say, / You'll do it for him."
Pearl guides Connie and her sword, as Steven watches from the seats.
Pearl then mentors Connie on her stance. Connie starts visiting Steven and Pearl on a regular basis for sword training, with Steven preparing energy juices for her.
Pearl says: "♫ Right foot; left foot, / Now go even faster, / And as you're moving backwards, / Keep your eyes on me."
Pearl then crosses swords with Connie, doing more stern on Connie to focus on her stance and target. Connie then begins singing her part of the song.
Connie says: "♫ Keep my stance wide."
Pearl says: "Good."
Connie says: "♫ Keep my body lowered."
Pearl says: "Right."
Connie says: "♫ As I'm moving forward..."
Pearl says: "Concentrate!"
Pearl says: "Don't you want him to live?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Connie faces off with a higher-level Holo-Pearl. She momentarily loses her focus and Pearl chides her, while Steven watches in worry.
Connie says: "♫ Right foot, left foot."
Pearl says: "Yes, but put your whole body into it!"
Pearl says: "♫ Everything you have, / Everything you are, / You've got to give—"
Connie regains her stance and dodge Holo-Pearl's attacks, continuing to spar off with it, as Steven keeps watching with fingers crossed.
Pearl says: "♫ On the battlefield, / When everything is chaos, / And you have nothing but the way you feel, your strategy and a sword; / You just think about the life you'll have together after the war!"
(One night says: "Pearl was running through the chaotic battlefield when she spotted an unknown Gem is about to attack Rose Quartz."
Pearl projects a hologram says: "Pearl was running through the chaotic battlefield when she spotted an unknown Gem is about to attack Rose Quartz."
tells Connie says: "Pearl was running through the chaotic battlefield when she spotted an unknown Gem is about to attack Rose Quartz."
Steven a tale of the Gem Battlefield says: "Pearl was running through the chaotic battlefield when she spotted an unknown Gem is about to attack Rose Quartz."
(One night says: "Without hesitation, Pearl rushed to defend Rose from the enemy."
Pearl projects a hologram says: "Without hesitation, Pearl rushed to defend Rose from the enemy."
tells Connie says: "Without hesitation, Pearl rushed to defend Rose from the enemy."
Steven a tale of the Gem Battlefield says: "Without hesitation, Pearl rushed to defend Rose from the enemy."
(One night says: ")"
Pearl projects a hologram says: ")"
tells Connie says: ")"
Steven a tale of the Gem Battlefield says: ")"
Pearl says: "♫ And then you do it for her, / That's how you know you can win, / You do it for her, that is to say, / You'll do it for him."
The hologram ends and Steven is in tears. Pearl proceeds to spar off with a Holo-Pearl and successfully beats it, filling Connie with confidence and determination.
Pearl says: "♫ Deep down you know, / You weren't built for fighting, / But that doesn't mean, / You're not prepared to try."
From the constant training, Connie suffers minor injuries and skin tears on her sword hand. Pearl then comforts Connie momentarily and bandages her wounds and sword hand.
Pearl says: "♫ What they don't know, / Is your real advantage."
Pearl says: "/ When you live for someone, / You're prepared to die."
Steven walks in with refreshments for Connie, but Pearl chides them. Connie then gently declines Steven's offer and continues to train, to Steven's dismay.
Connie says: "♫ Deep down, I know, / That I'm just a human."
Pearl says: "True."
Pearl says: "♫ But you know that you can draw your sword and fight."
Connie says: "♫ But you know that you can draw your sword and fight."
Connie's appearance changes drastically, as she dons on a new training outfit and her sword-fighting skill progressively gets better.
Connie says: "♫ With my short existence."
Pearl says: "Good."
Connie says: "♫ I can make a difference."
Pearl says: "Yes, excellent!"
Connie says: "♫ I can be there for him, I can be his knight."
Connie faces off with an advance-level Holo-Pearl as Pearl and Steven watch. With increased agility and increased sword proficiency, Connie successfully defeats Holo-Pearl.
Connie says: "♫ I can do it for him."
Pearl says: "♫ You'd do it for her."
Connie says: "♫ You'd do it for her."
Pearl says: "♫ Okay, now do that again."
Connie says: "Yes, ma'am!"
Pearl says: "♫ You do it for her, / And now you say."
Connie says: "♫ I'll do it for him."
Pearl and Connie proceed to spar off a bit as the song concludes, and then renew their vows to Steven, kneeling before him. Steven looks extremely uncomfortable.
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Steven, noticeably apprehensive, is seen reading a book titled "How to Talk to People", when Connie enters the house.
Steven says: "Connie!"
Connie says: "Hey, Steven."
Steven says: "Connie, wait!"
Connie says: "Huh?"
The door to Pearl's Room opens, and Pearl walks out.
Pearl says: "Ah, right on time."
Steven says: "Can we talk for a moment?"
Connie says: "Sure."
Connie says: "What's up?"
Pearl says: "We have important training to do, Connie."
Connie says: "Yes, ma'am."
Pearl says: "She's been making great strides, Steven."
Pearl says: "She's going to be an asset to you."
Connie says: "Humph."
Connie steps onto the warp pad and Pearl warp her and herself away. Steven sighs in dejection, when the door to Amethyst's Room opens up, revealing Amethyst, laughing hysterically, and Garnet as they walk out.
Amethyst says: "Wow, Garnet, that was the funniest thing I've ever heard!"
Garnet says: "Garnet, master of comedy."
Amethyst and Garnet walk onto the warp pad, when they notice Steven looking troubled.
Amethyst says: "Yo, Steven."
Amethyst says: "Why are you standing there all SAD like that!"
Amethyst says: "?"
Steven says: "W-Well, Connie is taking sword fighting lessons from Pearl, but I think it's getting a little too serious."
Steven says: "She wants Connie to do all this dangerous stuff for me."
Garnet says: "That makes sense."
Steven says: "What do you mean?"
Garnet says: "*kneels back before Steven* Back during the war, Pearl took pride in risking her destruction for your mother."
Garnet says: "She put Rose Quartz over everything; over logic, over consequence, over her own life."
As Garnet explains, a scene is shown of Pearl risking her life to defend Rose Quartz, constantly getting poofed and rushing back into the front line again. Steven then imagines Connie risking her life to defend him too, and he starts to freak out.
Amethyst says: "You okay, dude?"
Steven says: "I have to DO SOMETHING!!"
Steven says: "*quickly runs past Garnet and Amethyst onto the warp pad* Thanks for telling me that, BYE!"
Trans. Ext. Ancient Sky Arena.
Steven arrives and runs to the entrance of the arena, where he sees Pearl and Connie in the center of the arena.
Pearl says: "Remember, Connie."
Pearl says: "In the heat of battle, Steven is what matters."
Pearl says: "You don't matter."
Connie says: "I don't matter."
Steven gasps in shock and runs down towards Connie and Pearl.
Pearl says: "Now..."
Pearl says: "let us..."
Pearl says: "begin!"
Pearl's gem glows and she begins to amass clouds into the arena, concealing the battleground. Steven starts searching frantically through the clouds.
Steven says: "Connie!"
Steven says: "Connie, where are you?"
Connie is heard shouting in the background, with the clashing of swords.
Steven says: "Connie!"
Steven says: "Y-You wouldn't have happened to see Connie would you?"
Holo-Pearl says: "Unregistered combatant detected!"
Holo-Pearl's eyes redden and it raises its sword, as Steven braces himself, when it is suddenly impaled by behind.
Steven says: "*gasps* Connie!"
Connie's attack causes Holo-Pearl to quickly dissipate, and its saber drops to the ground.
Connie says: "Steven?"
Connie says: "What are you doing out here?"
Steven says: "*runs and grabs Connie* Connie, I don't want you to do this anymore!"
Steven says: "Not alone!"
Connie says: "*shakes her head, grinning* No, Steven."
Connie says: "I understand now!"
Connie says: "Your legacy, your destiny, you are everything!"
Connie says: "And I..."
Connie says: "I am nothing..."
Connie says: "But I can do this for you!"
Connie says: "I can give you my service!"
Steven says: "*shakes his head* No!"
Steven says: "I don't want you to!"
Connie says: "Steven..."
Connie says: "I'm doing this..."
Connie says: "FOR YOU!"
Connie pushes Steven's head down and ducks, dodging another Holo-Pearl's attack, and counters it with a slash, cutting it in half.
Connie says: "I need to be able to protect you!"
Steven says: "But if you're the one protecting me..."
Steven says: "Then who's the one protecting you?!"
Steven says: "!"
Another Holo-Pearl approaches a distracted Connie, ready to strike. Steven runs forth and jumps in front of the Holo-Pearl, summoning his shield and blocking its attack. The vibration from the shield then causes the Holo-Pearl to dissipate.
Steven says: "Someday soon, we may be fighting some really bad guys, and when that day comes, I want to fight with you, together!"
Steven says: "So please..."
Steven offer his hands to Connie, when four Holo-Pearls appear on all sides.
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Won't you share this jam with me?"
Connie gladly offers Steven's hand. All four Holo-Pearls leap up and dives down at Steven and Connie. Steven holds his shield up and blocks all their attacks.
Connie says: "This is much easier!"
Steven says: "That's the idea!"
Steven then forms his bubble shield and pushes all the Holo-Pearls away, causing them to shatter and dissipate.
Steven says: "No matter what comes, we do this together!"
Pearl says: "STEVEN!"
The bubble surrounding Steven and Connie suddenly pops, in shock of Pearl's calling, as she disperses the clouds in the arena and reveals herself.
Pearl says: "Steven, don't interfere."
Pearl says: "She needs to take me on herself."
Steven says: "WHY?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "We're a team."
Steven says: "She's the strawberry!"
Connie says: "And he's the biscuit!"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "and that makes us..."
Connie says: "-BUDS!"
Pearl says: "Wha—"
Pearl says: "?"
Both Steven and Connie charge towards Pearl. Connie engages in a small bout with Pearl. When Pearl finds the opportunity to attack, Connie swaps places with Steven, blocking Pearl's trajectory with his shield. Caught off-guard, Connie slides under Pearl's legs and bounds towards her. Steven bounds towards Pearl too, and the pair inches in on her with a pincer attack.
Pearl says: "ENOUGH!"
Pearl then quickly disarms Connie and Steven, knocking them off their feet.
Pearl says: "*heavily breathing* NO!!"
Pearl says: "In a real battle, Steven won't be there to save you."
Steven says: "Yes, I will!"
Pearl says: "*to Steven* Steven, you don't know that!"
Steven says: "Yes, I do!"
Steven says: "If Connie is going to fight, we're going to fight together!"
Connie says: "That's right!"
Pearl says: "You shouldn't be anywhere NEAR the fight!"
Pearl says: "You're too important!!"
Steven says: "I'm NOT!!"
Pearl says: "YES, YOU ARE!!!"
Steven says: "NO!!!!"
Pearl says: "WHY WON'T YOU JUST LET ME DO THIS FOR YOU, ROSE??!!!!!"
Pearl says: "!!!!!"
Pearl says: "???"
Steven and Connie remains silent at Pearl's breakdown.
Pearl says: "*realizes* I..."
Pearl says: "I mean..."
Pearl says: "Let her..."
Pearl says: "do this."
Pearl says: "Why won't you let Connie do this..."
Pearl says: "for you..."
Pearl says: "*drops her sword* That's..."
Pearl says: "enough..."
Pearl says: "for today."
Pearl walks off and sits at the edge of the arena. Steven and Connie exchange worried looks, and they both walk towards Pearl.
Steven says: "Hey..."
Steven says: "Pearl?"
Steven says: "I didn't mean to mess up your training, but all that "You're nothing" talk was really freaking me out."
Connie says: "Did Rose make you feel like you were nothing?"
Pearl says: "*weeps with a slight smile* Rose made me feel..."
Pearl says: "like I was..."
Pearl says: "everything."
Pearl says: "*shakes her tears away* I see now, how deeply you care about each other."
Pearl says: "*sniffles* That will make you both great knights!"
Pearl puts her arms around Steven and Connie's shoulders. Connie starts to giggle.
Pearl says: "Connie is practically an expert, so Steven, you have a lot of catching up to do."
Pearl says: "Oh, I'm so excited!"
Pearl says: "I can't wait for the midair and underwater dueling exercises, it's going to be boodles of fun!"
The star iris closes on Connie's sword on the ground, ending the episode.
END.