Open Int. Pink Diamond's Zoo.
Following the events in The Zoo, Steven and Greg are captured by an Amethyst guard, as she enters a room and drops the two of them on the floor.
Amethyst 1.
These the ones?
Steven and Greg look up and find themselves in a room full of several Quartz guards, laughing at them intimidatingly.
Amethyst says: "Steven!"
Amethyst says: "Greg!"
The Quartz guards step to the sides, revealing Amethyst being hold down by an Amethyst guard.
Amethyst says: "*groaning* They found me out!"
Steven says: "Amethyst!"
Amethyst says: "You won't believe what I've been through."
Amethyst says: "These Amethysts, they're really, really..."
Amethyst says: "great!"
Steven says: "What?!"
Steven says: "!"
Amethyst and the Quartz guards begin laughing aloud altogether.
Amethyst 1.
Amethyst 2.
Amethyst says: "*runs over and hugs Steven* I'm sorry, I'm sorry!"
Amethyst says: "I had to!"
Amethyst says: "*chuckles* What are you wearing?"
Amethyst says: "Greg!"
Amethyst says: "This is a good look for you."
Steven says: "What is going on?"
Amethyst says: "These Amethysts, they're all from Earth!"
Amethyst says: "They're from the Prime Kindergarten!"
Amethyst says: "Wait!"
Amethyst says: "Hey, 8XL!"
8XL says: "Yeah?"
Amethyst says: "You guys, I'm an 8!"
Amethyst says: "Tell 'em."
Amethyst says: "Tell 'em!"
8XL says: "The Amethyst under me never popped out!"
8XL says: "We're all waiting, and- pfft- nothing."
Amethyst says: "I'm 8XM!"
Amethyst says: "Facet-5, Cut-8XM- that's me!"
Amethyst says: "This is 8XG, this is 8XH."
8XJ says: "I'm J."
Amethyst says: "Ah, geez!"
Amethyst says: "Sorry!"
Amethyst says: "I'm worse than Holly Blue!"
8XJ says: "Aren't we all?"
The Amethysts laugh together.
Skinny says: "Prime, prime, prime."
Skinny says: "You Amethysts are so cliquey."
Amethyst says: "Skinny's a Jasper!"
Amethyst says: "There are Gems here from the Beta Kindergarten, too!"
Amethyst says: "Hey, where's Carnelian?"
Skinny says: "Celebrating."
Carnelian says: "I'm not the shortest anymore!"
Carnelian lifts Amethyst up and runs around the room with her, while they both laugh.
Greg says: "This is unreal."
Steven says: "Hey!"
Steven says: "Please, if you don't mind me asking, we really need your help."
Steven says: "We came in with Sapphire, Ruby, and Pearl."
The door into the room behind Steven suddenly opens up, revealing Holly Blue, Sapphire, Ruby and Pearl standing in the doorway, and Steven and Greg quickly run away to hide.
Holly Blue says: "I'll only be a moment."
Holly Blue enters the room, and the Quartz guards all stand in attention, as Steven and Greg hide behind one of them.
Holly Blue says: "What are you all doing in here?!"
Holly Blue says: "!"
Holly Blue says: "Get to your stations!"
Holly Blue says: "Even you hideous off-color Betas!"
Holly Blue says: "Get out of your cubbies and into your places!"
Holly Blue says: "It's the least you can do for the Diamond that kept you worthless sorry Gems in service!"
Holly Blue says: "That's right."
Holly Blue says: "Blue is back already!"
Holly Blue says: "Now go pretend your filthy vein of Quartz is capable of gratitude!"
Holly Blue says: "Go, go, go!"
The Quartz guards begin running out of the room, with Steven and Greg sneaking behind their backs.
Holly Blue says: "Disperse!"
Holly Blue says: "My Diamond is waiting!"
Amethyst says: "Run!"
Amethyst says: "Just run!"
Amethyst says: "I'll find you!"
Amethyst says: "Go!"
Steven and Greg run off, leaving Amethyst behind with the Quartz guards. They enter dimly-lit room, as the door closes behind them, and look up, spotting bubbles of Quartz gems floating in the ceiling.
Steven says: "Who bubbled all these Gems?"
Steven and Greg peek from behind a pillar, seeing thousands of bubbled Quartz floating all around the room.
Greg says: "Wow!"
Greg says: "It's kind of like a birthday party in here."
Steven then notices he is beginning to tear up and he gasps in shock.
Steven says: "Oh, no!"
Steven says: "We gotta hide!"
Greg says: "Huh?"
Steven and Greg hides behind the pillar, when Blue Diamond enters the room.
Blue Diamond says: "Pearl, close the door."
Blue Diamond kneels down in the room, removes her hood and begins to tear up. The door opens again, as Yellow Diamond enters as well.
Yellow Diamond says: "Please tell me you're joking."
Yellow Diamond says: "You only just left, and you're already back?"
Blue Diamond says: "Yellow!"
Blue Diamond says: "W-What are you doing here?"
Yellow Diamond says: "I'm here to bring you back to reality, Blue."
Blue Diamond says: "I'm fine."
Blue Diamond says: "Just leave me alone."
Yellow Diamond says: "It's been thousands of years, Blue, and you still can't bring yourself to destroy these Gems?"
Yellow Diamond says: "She was shattered by a Rose Quartz!"
Yellow Diamond says: "The entire cut of Gem deserves the same fate!"
Blue Diamond says: "But they were hers."
Yellow Diamond says: "They should be wiped out of existence, not kept safe in bubbles!"
Steven and Greg run towards the door they entered from and try to open it, to no avail.
Blue Diamond says: "Yellow, she made them."
Blue Diamond says: "This is all we have left of her."
Blue Diamond says: "These Gems, this place, and the Earth."
Steven and Greg then run back towards the pillar to hide behind it.
Yellow Diamond says: "I thought we agreed we need to put that planet and this whole debacle behind us."
Blue Diamond says: "Why can't you just let me grieve?"
Yellow Diamond says: "You can't keep coming here forever!"
Blue Diamond says: "Why not?"
Yellow Diamond says: "*sighs* Pearl, do something."
Yellow Diamond says: "Sing for her."
Yellow Diamond says: "Make her feel better."
Yellow Pearl says: "Yes, my Diamond."
Yellow Pearl says: "Ahem."
Yellow Pearl says: "*turns to Blue Pearl* Ahem!"
Blue Pearl says: "Uh..."
Blue Pearl says: "Oh."
Blue Pearl and Yellow Pearl begin to harmonize together.
Pearls says: "♪ Aah haa haa, aah haa haa, / Aah ha aah ha, aah haa haa, / Aah haa haa, aah haa haa, / Aah haa haa haa haa haa haa haa haaaaa."
Steven and Greg attempt to sneak between pillars to pillars, as Yellow Diamond begins to sing "What's the Use of Feeling Blue? over the Pearls' harmonization.
Yellow Diamond says: "♪ Why would you want to be here?"
Yellow Diamond says: "/ What do you ever see here, / That doesn't make you feel worse than you do?"
Yellow Diamond says: "And tell me, what's the use of feeling, Blue?"
Yellow Diamond says: "♪ Why would you want to employ her, / subjects that destroyed her?"
Yellow Diamond says: "/ Why keep up her silly zoo?"
Yellow Diamond says: "Oh, tell me what's the use of feeling, Blue?"
Yellow Diamond pushes the bubbled Rose Quartzes away as she sings to Blue Diamond.
Yellow Diamond says: "♪ An army has a use, they can go and fight a war, / A Sapphire has a use, she can tell you what it's for."
Yellow Diamond says: "/ An Agate terrifies, a Lapis terraforms."
Yellow Diamond says: "/ Where's their Diamond when they need her, Blue?"
Yellow Diamond says: "/ You've got to be a leader, Blue!"
Blue Diamond clings to a pillar under Yellow Diamond's condescending song, as the Pearls continue to harmonize and dance together. Steven and Greg continues to sneak between pillars, avoiding the Diamonds' notice.
Yellow Diamond says: "♪ Yes, of course, we still love her, / And we're always thinking of her."
Yellow Diamond says: "/ But now, there's nothing we can do, / So tell me!"
Yellow Diamond says: "♫ What's the use of feeling?"
Pearls says: "♫ What's the use of feeling?"
Yellow Diamond says: "/ What's the use of feeling?"
Pearls says: "/ What's the use of feeling?"
Yellow Diamond says: "/ What's the use of feeling, Blue?"
Pearls says: "/ What's the use of feeling, Blue?"
Yellow Diamond says: "Ohh!"
Pearls says: "Ohh!"
Steven and Greg peek from behind a pillar, watching nervously as Yellow Diamond put her hand in front the Pearls, and they hop onto it. She lifts them and they continue singing the song.
Yellow Diamond says: "♪ How can you stand to be here with it all?"
Pearls says: "♪ Here with it all!"
Yellow Diamond says: "♫ Drowning in all this regret?"
Pearls says: "♫ Drowning in all this regret?"
Yellow Diamond says: "/ Wouldn't you rather forget her?"
Pearls says: "/ Wouldn't you rather forget her?"
Yellow Diamond says: "♪ Ohh!"
Yellow Diamond says: "Won't it be grand to get rid of it all?"
Pearls says: "♪ Rid of it all!"
Yellow Diamond says: "♫ Let's make a plan of attack!"
Pearls says: "♫ Let's make a plan of attack!"
Yellow Diamond says: "Start looking forward and stop looking back!"
Pearls says: "Start looking forward and stop looking back!"
Steven and Greg run to another pillar, when Greg trips and falls. The Diamonds do not notice them though, as Yellow Diamond kneels down to Blue Diamond and holds her hands.
Yellow Diamond says: "♪ Ohh!"
Yellow Diamond says: "Yes, of course, we still love her, / And we're always thinking of her."
Yellow Diamond says: "/ Don't you know I miss her too?"
Yellow Diamond says: "/ But tell me, / What's the use of feeling?"
Yellow Diamond says: "/ What's the use of feeling?"
Yellow Diamond says: "/ What's the use of feeling?"
Yellow Diamond turns away and grabs onto the side of the stairs, bowing down seemingly in grief. Steven and Greg makes it to the pillar next to the second door in the room, as Yellow Diamond begins humming the Pearls' song.
Yellow Diamond says: "♪ Hmm hmm hmm, hmm hmm hmm, / Hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm, / Hmmmmm..."
Blue Diamond walks over and places a reassuring hand to Yellow Diamond's back, comforting her as her song concludes. The door then opens, and Holly Blue, Ruby, and Sapphire enter.
Holly Blue says: "And we have arrived."
Holly Blue says: "That will be all, Pearl."
Holly Blue says: "*claps twice, and Pearl walks away* My Diamond."
Holly Blue says: "My gracious, wondrous, luminous, lustrous Diamond..."
Holly Blue says: "sss?"
Holly Blue says: "*notices Yellow Diamond and gasps in surprise* Oh, my!"
Holly Blue says: "It's truly an honor to bask in your radiance..."
Holly Blue says: "ses?"
Yellow Diamond says: "Get to the point, Agate."
Holly Blue says: "*clears her throat* Yes, of course."
Holly Blue says: "My deepest apologies."
Holly Blue says: "You'll be pleased to know that your Sapphire has completed your special delivery."
Blue Diamond says: "*turns and glares at Holly Blue* What special delivery?"
Holly Blue says: "Um, the special delivery you requested from Earth, of course."
Blue Diamond says: "*gets suspicious* I never asked any Sapphire to go to Earth."
Sapphire says: "I..."
Sapphire says: "Um..."
The floor beneath Sapphire begins to freeze up.
Steven says: "Oh, no!"
Steven says: "She's freezing up!"
Ruby grabs hold of Sapphire's hand behind her, providing her some comfort and confidence.
Sapphire says: "My..."
Sapphire says: "future vision foresaw you, my Diamond, desiring more..."
Sapphire says: "humans for the zoo, so I..."
Sapphire says: "acted accordingly."
Blue Diamond says: "..."
Blue Diamond says: "It's true."
Blue Diamond says: "The window for preserving Earth specimens is closing."
Steven says: "Phew..."
Yellow Diamond says: "Is that what you want?"
Yellow Diamond says: "Sapphire, has the Cluster emerged yet?"
Sapphire says: "No, it has not."
Yellow Diamond says: "Then there's still time."
Yellow Diamond says: "That will be all."
Holly Blue says: "*bows* My Diamonds."
Holly Blue, Sapphire and Ruby begin to leave the room as the Diamonds turn their backs around. Steven and Greg quickly escape the room before the door closes, rejoining with the Crystal Gems to an unknowing Holly Blue.
Holly Blue says: "Two Diamonds?!"
Holly Blue says: "!"
Holly Blue says: "I can't believe it!"
Holly Blue says: "Can you believe it?"
Holly Blue says: "Oh, well, of course, you can."
Holly Blue says: "You probably foresaw the whole thing."
Sapphire says: "Of course!"
Sapphire says: "No surprises here."
Holly Blue begins leading Sapphire and her group through the hallways, while Steven and Greg sneak cautiously behind.
Holly Blue says: "I never expected to see Yellow Diamond in person."
Holly Blue says: "What a commanding presence."
Holly Blue says: "You can just feel strength and confidence radiating from her."
Holly Blue turns around, Amethyst quickly shapeshifts into Quartz-sized, hiding Steven and Greg behind her, and the group smile nervously at her.
Holly Blue says: "Don't misunderstand me, of course."
Holly Blue says: "I'll always be in Blue's confidence, but if I had been made for Yellow, you wouldn't see me complaining."
Holly Blue leads the group back to the ship hangar. The Amethyst guards then notices Steven and Greg sneaking with the group, and try to act ignorant.
Holly Blue says: "I do hope they appreciate all my hard work to preserve the Pink Diamond legacy."
Holly Blue says: "It would really make it worth being stationed here with these sorry excuses for Gems."
Holly Blue says: "Oh!"
Holly Blue says: "It's a shame though."
Holly Blue begins to monologue to herself with her eyes, and the group attempts to sneak past her to their Roaming Eye.
Holly Blue says: "This outpost is so remote, I was beginning to think we'd been forgotten."
Holly Blue says: "But we haven't!"
Holly Blue says: "Two Diamonds, one day!"
Holly Blue says: "What an honor."
Holly Blue says: "I don't think anything could spoil this for me."
Holly Blue then notices Steven and Greg boarding ship, who laugh nervously.
Holly Blue says: "What..."
Holly Blue says: "is..."
Holly Blue says: "THE MEANING OF THIS?!"
Holly Blue says: "!"
All the Quartz guards appear in the doorway, startled at Holly Blue's discovery.
Holly Blue says: "Why are these two outside the containment area?!"
Holly Blue says: "!"
Sapphire says: "Holly Blue, I can explain."
Holly Blue says: "No need, your clarity."
Holly Blue says: "Not even you could have foreseen how incompetent these Amethysts are."
Holly Blue says: "*summons a blue, electric whip* Well, if you want something done right, you just do it yourself."
Holly Blue says: "You two are coming with me!"
Holly Blue lashes her whip at Steven and Greg. Ruby and Sapphire quickly fuse back together into Garnet and catches the whip. Holly Blue and the Quartz guards gasp in shock and surprise.
Steven says: "Garnet!"
Greg says: "Garnet!"
Garnet says: "Steven, get Greg on board!"
Greg says: "Yes, please!"
Garnet says: "We'll handle this noise."
Pearl slices the whip in half, and Amethyst spin-dashes to wrap it around Holly Blue. The Quartz guards cheer in joy at Amethyst's achievement.
Garnet says: "I've been waiting to do this all day."
Garnet summons her gauntlet, threatens to punch Holly Blue with it, but hits her in the stomach with her normal hand instead, causing her to fall over. The Quartz guards then laugh at Holly Blue's blunder.
Holly Blue says: "What are you doing?!"
Holly Blue says: "!"
Holly Blue says: "They're traitors!"
Holly Blue says: "Destroy them!"
The Quartz guards begin waving and saying goodbyes to the Crystal Gems as they board the ship.
Amethyst says: "*blows a kiss* Famethyst for life!"
Holly Blue says: "I'll report you to the Diamonds!"
Holly Blue says: "All of you!"
Holly Blue says: "You'll all be shattered!"
Pearl says: "*kneels down to Holly Blue* You're really gonna tell the Diamonds that you allowed a band of traitorous rebels to infiltrate a highly-secure facility and escape from right under your careful watch?"
Pearl says: "*inhales sharply* Doesn't sound like a wise thing to do, Holly Blue~ So do yourself a favor and keep your mouth shut."
Pearl says: "That will be all."
Holly Blue groans in misery while the Quartz guards continue to laugh at her and waving goodbye to the Crystal Gems, as they begin to take off and leave the human zoo.
Greg says: "Thanks so much for coming to get me."
Greg says: "That has to be, like, the third craziest weekend I've ever had."
Steven says: "Dad, I'm really sorry I got you into all this."
Steven says: "This whole thing started 'cause..."
Steven says: "I wanted answers."
Greg says: "You don't have to be sorry about a thing."
Greg says: "I hope you found what you were looking for."
Steven says: "I did."
Steven says: "I found you."
The gravity engine of the Roaming Eye activates, and it warps away through space, back towards Earth.
END.