Open Int. Waiting Room.
Steven is seen alone in a room, as he begins to speak to himself out loud.
Steven says: "I know my mom did something bad."
Steven says: "Whatever Homeworld has in store for me..."
Steven says: "I'm ready!"
Silence in the room ensues.
Steven says: "I said, I'm ready!"
Steven says: "It's me, Rose Quartz!"
Steven says: "Hello?"
Steven says: "Anybody?"
Steven says: "Lars?"
Steven says: "You there?"
Steven says: "Is this the punishment?"
Steven says: "Come on!"
Steven says: "I know it's going to be worse than this!"
Steven says: "So whatever you're going to do..."
Steven says: "Would you just do it already?"
Steven slumps against a wall in the room in misery, when a door opens in the wall and a blue Gem walks in, with panels floating around her and appearing extremely nervous.
Zircon Defense.
This is ridiculous! 4,000 years of loyal service to the court, and this is what I get? Oh, I'm the unluckiest Zircon in the galaxy!
Steven tries to run out of the door the Zircon entered from, but it closes before he can reach it. He then turns towards the Zircon, who gasps in surprise as she notices him.
Zircon Defense.
Wait, are you... Rose Quartz?
Steven says: "Yeah..."
Zircon D.
Steven says: "It's a long story."
Zircon D.
Then I don't have time for it! Ugh! We only have this brief moment to prepare your case.
Steven says: "Case?"
Zircon D.
Ugh! Who am I kidding? This is pointless! We've all heard the rumors about the demise of Pink Diamond, but I can't believe these files-* scrolls through the floating panels* Shattered by one of her own soldiers- Ugh! In front of her entire entourage!? *turns to Steven* And look at you now! That ridiculous disguise is only going to make you look more guilty! *curls up in fear*.
Steven says: "That's fine, because I am!"
Zircon D.
Whoa! Wha- Don't say that! Especially when you're out there!
Steven says: "Out where?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "What's going to happen!"
Steven says: "?"
Zircon D.
What did you think was going to happen, Rose Quartz!? As soon as that door opens, you're going on trial!!
At that moment, the door opens behind Zircon D, who freezes in shock.
Steven says: "*glances at the door* Umm."
Trans. Int. Trial Room.
Steven is sitting in the middle of a triangle shaped platform, along with the nervous-looking Zircon. Three pathways light up in blue, white, and yellow, and another yellow Zircon warps into the room, acting as the prosecutor.
Zircon Prosecutor.
Defending a rebel? Isn't that... treason? *chuckles*.
Zircon D.
I was assigned to this!
Two lights, blue and yellow, emerges in the room, and Blue and Yellow Pearl warp in.
Yellow Pearl says: "All rise for the luminous Yellow Diamond!"
Blue Pearl says: "And the lustrous Blue Diamond."
Another light beams in behind the Pearls, and Yellow and Blue Diamond warp in, with Blue Diamond resting on Yellow Diamond's shoulders. They both gaze down towards Steven, as both Zircons make the Gem salute.
Blue Diamond says: "*looks around* Where is..."
Blue Diamond says: "the accused?"
Yellow Diamond says: "*looks at Steven* Is that Rose Quartz?"
Yellow Diamond says: "Look at this hideous form she's taken."
Yellow Diamond says: "Forget the trial."
Yellow Diamond says: "We should shatter her just for looking like that!"
Blue Diamond says: "No."
Blue Diamond says: "I want to hear her make her case."
Blue Diamond says: "I want to know what she thinks we're going to do with her."
Blue Diamond says: "Because I want to do something worse."
Steven gulps in fright.
Yellow Diamond says: "Fine."
A yellow and a blue throne appear behind the Diamonds, and they sit on their respective thrones.
Yellow Diamond says: "Let's just get on with it, shall we?"
Blue and Yellow Pearl begin recording the case on their respective screens.
Zircon P.
My Diamond. My brilliant, opulent, radiant, glimmering-.
Yellow Diamond says: ""My Diamond" will suffice, or we'll never get through this."
Zircon P.
Of course, My Diamond. *clears her throat* Rose Quartz committed a crime, so unprecedented that one can't help but wonder "why"? Exhibit A.
Zircon P snaps her finger and Lars is warped into the room.
Steven says: "*gasps* Lars!"
Lars says: "Steven, what's going on here?!"
Lars says: "!"
Lars says: "Where are we?"
Lars says: "Who are those huge giant ladies!"
Lars says: "?"
Zircon P.
As we can see from this specimen, humans are loud, absolutely hideous creatures that serve no purpose whatsoever. What sort of Gem would turn on her own kind for this? I'll tell you what kind. *points to Steven* A that kind.
Steven says: "Just let him go!"
Steven says: "He's got nothing to do with this!"
Zircon P.
There it is! The passion, the fury, that caused the diabolical Rose Quartz to... shatter her own Diamond!
Silence ensues in the room.
Zircon P.
But I know what you're thinking. *kneels down next to Steven* "This thing doesn't look like a Rose Quartz". And for that, I'd like to call an eyewitness!
A platform rises in the room with Eyeball standing on top, and she growls angrily at Steven.
Steven says: "Oh, Eyeball!"
Eyeball says: "Do not address me, war criminal!"
Steven says: "I'm just glad you're okay."
Eyeball says: "I heard it straight from her."
Eyeball says: "She said- *mockingly* "I'm the mighty Rose Quartz!"
Eyeball says: "I've got her shield and everything!"
Eyeball says: "" And then she threw me..."
Eyeball says: "into space!"
Steven says: "I tried to help you!"
Steven says: "I healed your gem!"
Eyeball says: "And who else has the ability to heal Gems, other than the villainous Rose Quartz?!"
Eyeball says: "!"
Zircon P.
And there you have it. Rose Quartz did it and that's Rose Quartz. I rest my case.
Zircon D.
Yellow Pearl closes her records and Blue Pearl draws a big cross over an illustration of Steven's face.
Yellow Diamond says: "Well, I'm convinced."
Yellow Diamond says: "Time to execute!"
Blue Diamond says: "Not yet."
Blue Diamond says: "The defense still has to speak."
Zircon D.
Right! *nervously* Well uh, before I start my very... uh, thought-out defense, I'd like to remind the court that Rose Quartz did turn herself in.
Yellow Diamond says: "The court remembers, and the court does not care."
Zircon D.
Uh, of course! *picks up a panel* Uh, in-innocent! Uh, the word innocent can mean, oh- many different things.
Steven says: "I did it!"
Zircon D.
Wha-what, what! Stop!
Blue Diamond says: "No!"
Blue Diamond says: "I want to hear what she has to say."
Blue Diamond raises her hand, raising the floor beneath Steven and elevating him up to her height.
Lars says: "*muffled* Get us out of here, Steven!"
Steven says: "*shields his eyes from the light* Uh..."
Yellow Pearl says: "State your name for the record, please!"
Steven says: "I, um..."
Steven says: "I'm Rose Quartz."
Steven says: "*reveals his gem* And..."
Steven says: "I'm guilty."
Yellow Diamond reacts in shock, while Blue Diamond keeps glaring at Steven.
Zircon D.
Wait! No, don't say that!
Steven says: "Everything you guys said I did, I did."
Steven says: "And I did it by myself."
Steven says: "And I'm sorry."
Steven says: "I'll accept any punishment you want to give me."
Steven says: "*points to Lars* Just let him go!"
Steven says: "And leave the Earth alone."
Yellow Diamond says: "Ha!"
Yellow Diamond says: "Sounds like a solid confession to me!"
Blue Diamond says: "..."
Blue Diamond says: "How?"
Blue Diamond says: "*inches towards Steven* How did you do it?"
Steven says: "Huh?"
Blue Diamond says: "How did you shatter Pink Diamond?"
Steven says: "Um..."
Steven says: "Well..."
Steven says: "I did it on Earth, in front of Pink Diamond's palanquin."
Steven says: "I was probably like, "Stop!"
Steven says: "" and she was all like, "No!"
Steven says: "", so we fought, I think."
Zircon D bangs her head against the elevated platform while Zircon P keeps smiling smugly.
Steven says: "And she probably did some cool moves."
Steven says: "I probably did some cool moves too, some jump kicks and stuff."
Yellow Pearl looks up at Steven in confusion, while Blue Pearl draws an illustration of Steven jump-kicking.
Steven says: "But I was most likely deeply conflicted about deciding to shatter her."
Steven says: "Definitely crying."
Steven says: "I probably had to use the Breaking Point to do it."
Blue Diamond says: "IT WAS A SWORD!!!"
Blue Diamond covers her eyes as she begins to cry, enveloping the room in a blue aura which causes everyone in the room, except Lars, to tear up.
Blue Diamond says: "You..."
Blue Diamond says: "shattered her..."
Blue Diamond says: "with a sword.."
Blue Diamond slumps back on her throne and sobs, and Yellow Diamond walks up to comfort her.
Yellow Diamond says: "That's quite enough testimony from you!"
Yellow Diamond says: "We shall take a short recess."
Trans. Int. Waiting Room.
Back in the waiting room, Zircon D begins scolding Steven.
Zircon D.
What are you saying in there?! "Maybe" this, "probably" that! Oh, what do you mean "probably"?!
Steven says: "Look I just..."
Steven says: "I don't actually know how it happened, okay?!"
Steven says: "!"
Zircon D.
You don't know?!
Steven says: "I..."
Zircon D.
Steven says: "It was me, alright!"
Steven says: "Rose Quartz did it, and I've got her gem, so..."
Steven says: "I'm the one who's got to pay for this!"
Zircon D.
You don't know how it happened...
Steven shakes his head and Zircon D thinks deeply.
Zircon D.
I get it. *summons a screen panel* There's a reason they want you to explain how you did it.
Steven says: "Huh?"
Zircon D.
It's because it doesn't make sense!
Trans. Int. Trial Room.
Filled with determination, Zircon D begins to make Steven's case.
Zircon D.
Rose Quartz is flawed, I grant you. A shallow strata-Gem who turned against her own kind out of a misguided attachment to a planet and creatures like these. *warps Lars in*.
Lars says: "*still muffled with a bubble* What?!"
Lars says: "!"
Lars says: "Huh?!"
Lars says: "!"
Zircon D.
It's indisputable, that as the Diamond overseeing Earth, Pink was Rose Quartz's enemy. Rose had everything to gain by shattering her. But even though she may have wanted to shatter Pink Diamond, could she? Blue Diamond, for the purpose of this argument, may I present your palanquin?
Yellow Diamond says: "Is this necessary?"
Blue Diamond says: "Isn't it?"
Blue Diamond says: "Please, proceed."
Blue Diamond waves her hand and her palanquin is warped in with a beam of light.
Zircon D.
Now, as the records show, Pink Diamond was shattered just outside a palanquin much like this. *steps onto the palanquin* Witnesses say Pink had just stepped out and had only taken a few steps forward when Rose attacked her from the front!
Blue Diamond says: "Oh!"
Zircon D.
But the question no one seems to be asking is, "how"?
Blue Diamond says: "I've been asking that question."
Zircon D.
A-A-A-And right you are to ask, my Diamond! B-Because at that time that Pink was shattered, Rose Quartz had been a recognized threat for several hundred years. There were no Rose Quartz soldiers in her entourage and none in her guard. So how did a Rose Quartz, with no business being anywhere near Pink Diamond, get so close in the first place? Where were Pink Diamond's attendants? Her Agates, Her Sapphires? And where was her Pearl?
Yellow and Blue Pearl pause and look at each other in shock.
Yellow Diamond says: "*slams her fists on her throne* They were with her, of course!"
Yellow Diamond says: "They saw the whole thing!"
Zircon D.
But none of them saw Rose Quartz approach? Wouldn't her Sapphires have seen Rose Quartz coming?  Wouldn't her Agates have tried to fight her off?
Steven says: "That is strange!"
Blue Diamond, in shock, looks at an angered Yellow Diamond.
Yellow Diamond says: "She must have slipped past them!"
Zircon D.
Even if she did, wouldn't her Pearl have cried out an alarm, "Watch out, My Diamond!" No, whoever did this was already close to Pink Diamond. Someone her guards would allow to get near her, someone she would listen to when asked to stop her palanquin and step outside, and someone with the authority to cover it up afterwards! Someone with supreme authority... Someone... like one of you!
Zircon D points at both the Diamonds. Blue Diamond gasps loudly in disbelief and Yellow Diamond, umamused, gets up from her throne.
Zircon D.
Yellow Diamond crushes Zircon D with a finger, poofing her.
Zircon P.
Case closed. Right, my Diamond?
Yellow Diamond turns around angrily and fires an electric blast from her hand at Zircon P, who screams as her body destabilizes and poofs as well.
Blue Diamond says: "*runs up to Yellow Diamond* Yellow, stop it!"
Blue Diamond says: "Why are you doing this?"
Yellow Diamond says: "We don't need to listen to this nonsense!"
Steven runs over to Lars as Yellow and Blue Diamond argue.
Steven says: "This is our chance!"
Steven says: "*pops Lars' air bubble* We got to go!"
Lars says: "Where?!"
Lars says: "!"
Steven says: "*points at Blue's palanquin* There!"
Steven and Lars runs into the palanquin, while Yellow and Blue Diamond continue to argue.
Yellow Diamond says: "Let's shatter Rose Quartz and be done with it!"
Blue Diamond says: "Can't you restrain yourself?!"
Blue Diamond says: "!"
Yellow Diamond says: "But this is pointless!"
Blue Diamond says: "No, it's not!"
Lars says: "Hurry up and drive this thing!"
Lars says: "Those giant crazy chicks aren't going to be distracted forever!"
Steven places his hand on a hand panel inside, and the palanquin begins to move. It then jumps up, bursting out of the trial building, and Steven and Lars get a first glance of Homeworld from inside the palanquin.
Lars says: "Where is this?"
Steven says: "Homeworld..."
Yellow Diamond blasts a diamond-shaped hole in the wall of the trial and gazes at the palanquin, as it begins to fall.
Yellow Diamond says: "You think you can get away, Rose?"
Yellow Diamond says: "You stood your ground on that little speck called Earth..."
Yellow Diamond says: "But you're on our world now."
Steven and Lars brace themselves for impact, as the palanquin falls into a gaping hole; into the abyss of Homeworld.
END.