Open Beach.
Greg is playing his guitar to Steven, with his van parked outside the Crystal Temple.
Steven says: "*cheers* That sounded great!"
Greg says: "Oh thanks!"
Greg says: "I'm thinking about calling it "Water Witch"."
Steven says: "Cool."
Greg says: "And check this out, I can add some vocal distortion too."
Greg says: "Steven, your dad's a robot now."
Greg says: "And now that I'm a robot, things will be better and colder."
Greg says: "Please forgive me for being an amazing machine."
Steven says: "I can't stay mad at my robo-dad."
Steven says: "Where's all this awesome energy coming from?"
Greg says: "Actually, I was inspired to make some new songs after the ocean got sucked up into space a while back."
Greg says: "I even drew up some freaky album artwork."
Greg shows Steven his drawing of his album cover, titled "Water Witch".
Steven says: "It looks like..."
Steven says: "Lapis Lazuli."
Greg says: "*takes the drawing back* Easy with the tender touches, don't want it to get all smudged."
Greg says: "Here, plug this up and help your old man work out this witchy jam."
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Steven says: "Let's..."
Steven says: "Jam!"
Steven strums the electric guitar but it makes no sound.
Steven says: "Uh?"
Steven says: "Where my jams at?"
Greg says: "I don't think it's plugged in."
Steven says: "Ah ha!"
Steven plugs the electric guitar into the TV in Greg's van.
Steven says: "All right, here we go."
Steven says: "Let's..."
Steven says: "jam!"
Steven strums the guitar again, but it still makes no sound.
Steven says: "Uh..."
Steven says: "hmm."
Steven says: "*strums it again* Jam!"
No sound is made.
Steven says: "Hmm..."
Steven says: "Jaaaam!"
Steven repeatedly strum the guitar, but still no sound.
Greg says: "Oh, sorry, that's just the TV."
Greg says: "*points to the TV* See, you plugged into the video jack, but were making audio here."
Greg says: "Don't you know video killed the audio star?"
Steven says: "*looks around in confusion* I have no idea what you are talking about."
Greg says: "That's okay, you leave the details to me."
Greg says: "When you're a one-man band you got to know how to do it all lyrics, graphic design, forum moderation, but for me it was all about the audio."
Steven says: "What a lovely poem."
Greg says: "Ok, we need a catchy hook!"
Steven says: "Woah, hold the phone!"
Steven says: "*halts Greg from singing* Now give the phone to me."
Steven says: "Lapis was not mean, she was just trying to get home."
Steven says: "How 'bout this instead?"
Steven starts to sing "Lapis Lazuli" while playing his electric guitar.
A flashback of the events in Mirror Gem and Ocean Gem starts to play as Steven continues singing.
Steven says: "♫  Lapis Lazuli~ You fled into the bottom of the sea~ ♫ Lapis Lazuli~ You were so mad but then you came around to me."
Steven stops singing and the flashback ends, when a strange loud noise startles him.
Steven says: "Uh, what the heck is that?!"
Steven says: "!"
Greg says: "It must be some kind of weird feedback!"
Greg tunes his audio keyboard, unsuccessfully removing the noise.
Greg says: "Hm, it's not us, it must be coming from the temple!"
Steven says: "Let's go check it out!"
Greg says: "You go on ahead, this is a Gem thing and I don't want to get in the way."
Greg says: "Plus I get to eat the rest of this pizza."
Steven says: "Good thinking."
Steven says: "I'll be back."
Steven runs back to the Beach House, and the noise intensifies when he opens the door.
Steven says: "*covering his ears* What's happening?!"
Steven says: "!"
Pearl says: "It's the Wailing Stone!"
Amethyst says: "Make it stop!"
Pearl says: "It just activated on its own!"
Amethyst says: "It won't shut off!"
Amethyst continues as Garnet sets the Wailing Stone on the floor. She summons her gauntlet and slams the button at the top of the stone, momentarily stops the noise. As soon as she lifts up her gauntlet, the noise returns, and everyone continues to whine.
Pearl says: "Stand back!"
Pearl says: "*approaches the Wailing Stone and bubbles it, and the noise disappears* Huh?"
Pearl says: "It worked!"
Pearl's bubble then begins to expand and pops, releasing the Wailing Stone and everyone screams at the returning noise. Steven runs up and sticks his arm through the hole of the stone. The noise momentarily stops, but blasts out again through Steven's mouth. Garnet then quickly removes Steven from the stone, shoves a couch cushion through the hole, surrounds the stone with more cushions, and places Steven on top.
Garnet says: "I don't understand, that thing has laid dormant since we found it."
Pearl says: "I haven't heard a Wailing Stone activate since we used them for the rebellion, and I've never heard it sound like that!"
Garnet says: "Someone is trying to send us a message."
Pearl says: "But who?"
Pearl says: "We've rounded up all the Wailing Stones on Earth, and we're not sending this signal to ourselves."
Pearl says: "Unless..."
Pearl says: "Amethyst?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Pearl says: "Is this a prank?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Amethyst says: "No way!"
Amethyst says: "I want it to stop!"
Amethyst says: "I don't like it!"
Garnet says: "If it's not coming from Earth, then a Gem must be sending this message from space."
Steven says: "Is that what some Gems sound like?"
Pearl says: "No, no, we should be hearing a voice."
Pearl says: "Maybe this signal is too advanced for the Wailing Stone to process."
Pearl says: "That would explain the distorted audio."
Steven says: "Audio..."
Steven says: "my daddy-o knows audio!"
Amethyst says: "Uh..."
Amethyst says: "you mean Greg?"
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Pearl says: "I don't know..."
Garnet says: "Don't whine, let's try it."
Trans. Beach.
Greg unloads all sorts of audio equipment out of his van, while the Crystal Gems sit and watch nearby.
Greg says: "I can't believe it, you need help with sound stuff!"
Greg says: "?"
Greg says: "You've come to the right guy!"
Greg says: "Ah ha!"
Greg says: "*holds out a huge glowing blue microphone* The Lubitz Cardioid Condenser 680!"
Greg says: "It's got warm tone without too much top end."
Amethyst says: "Uh, plus it's got a big honking sponge thing."
Greg says: "I know, isn't it awesome!"
Greg says: "?"
Greg removes the couch cushion from the Wailing Stone, causing the noise to emit and the Crystal Gems to cover their ears, and quickly plugs the microphone into the hole of the stone. He then begins to adjust his audio equipments.
Greg says: "Now I'm going to add some reverb and some low octave effects."
Greg says: "I'm also adding some fuzz 'cause who couldn't use more fuzz?"
Greg says: "Now if I directly input the Wailing Stone and put it through a flanger, we might get what you're looking for."
Pearl says: "Flangers aside, do you really think a signal like this is compatible with your analog devices?"
Steven says: "Don't worry dad."
Steven says: "*speaks using the voice distorter* It'll work!"
Greg says: "Well, here goes nothing."
Greg turns on the flanger, and the wailing noise is intensified even more.
Amethyst says: "*covers her ears in agony* This is even worse!"
Greg says: "I'm sorry!"
Steven says: "Dad you can do it, you're the audio daddy-o!"
Greg says: "Yeah!"
Greg configures his audio equipment further, and the wailing noise abates to an ambient-like sound.
Amethyst says: "*starts to calm down* Uh."
Steven says: "It sounds like..."
Steven says: "music."
Greg says: "Yeah, that's real nice."
Greg says: "*tunes his equipment a bit more Yes, yes!"
Greg says: "Woo-hoo!"
Pearl says: "But, it's not supposed to be music."
Pearl says: "It's supposed to be a message!"
Greg says: "Okay, hold on I got this."
Greg keeps tuning his audio equipment.
Greg says: "It's changing!"
Steven says: "It almost sounds like a voice."
Greg says: "Almost got it!"
Greg adjusts more, when the system short-circuits. The noise stops playing and smoke emanates from the van engine.
Greg says: "Aww..."
Greg says: "Oh great."
Pearl says: "*gets angry* What's happening?"
Pearl says: "where's the signal?"
Greg says: "Uh, looks like the van battery couldn't handle all this."
Pearl says: "I had a feeling this wouldn't work."
Pearl says: "There's just no way that Greg's equipment can interface with our ancient Gem technology."
Steven says: "Ah..."
Steven says: "Come on Pearl, you can't be ready to give up yet."
Greg says: "Look, we just got to keep trying."
Garnet remove the microphone from the Wailing Stone, the noise momentarily returns, she then plugs the couch cushions back into it.
Garnet says: "It's okay Greg, you tried."
Garnet says: "Back to the temple."
Garnet says: "We'll figure something else out."
Pearl says: "What a waste of time."
Amethyst says: "See you later, Gregory."
Steven says: "Ah, come on y'all!"
Greg looks down in disappointment. He picks up his guitar and sits down on the beach, facing the sea.
Greg says: "I really blew it, huh?"
Steven says: "Ah, Dad."
Greg begins to play his guitar and sings "Wailing Stone".
Greg says: "♫ I could have tamed you, I could have shown I could depose you from your loud throne / But in the end I wasn't good enough, I just showed the Gems I ain't got the stuff / Oh Wailing Stone!"
Greg says: "I tried so hard to fly but I was thrown / Oh Wailing Stone!"
Greg says: "I gotta tell the Gems 'cause they should know / Have a little, have a little, have a little faith in me!"
Greg says: "I just wanted to help."
Greg says: "/ You know I have a little, have a little, have a little expertise!"
Greg says: "I know it's not much / But if it could come in handy, I'd want to be there / I think so highly of you, it just isn't fair / That you have so little faith..."
Greg says: "♫ Eh, that's a B-side."
Steven says: "Dad, I hate seeing you like this, there's gotta be something else we can try."
Greg says: "Eh, I don't know Steven."
Greg says: "I mean, sound and stuff like this, this stuff's my whole world, and if I can't figure this out then, maybe it isn't even sound."
Steven says: "Dad, if it isn't sound then, what else could it be?"
Steven says: "*looks around Greg's equipment, "hmm"ing to himself, and focuses on the TV* Wait."
Steven says: "Whhaaaaatt!"
Steven says: "?"
Steven says: "DAAAAADDD!!"
Greg says: "I'm not that far away from you, buddy."
Steven says: "What if it's..."
Greg says: "Some other thing I'm not good at?"
Steven points at his eyes.
Greg says: "*struggles to understand Steven* Magic..."
Greg says: "eyeballs..."
Greg says: "?"
Greg says: "Oh my days, it's video!"
Steven says: "We have to tell the Gems!"
Steven says: "Video!"
Greg says: "Hey, slow down!"
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Greg bursts into the house and rushes in, not noticing the Gems sitting by the windows.
Amethyst says: "We're over here."
Garnet says: "Greg, it's okay."
Greg says: "*gets serious* No it's not, you guys don't give up on anything, except for me."
Greg says: "Come on..."
Greg says: "it's not like I can make it any worse!"
Trans. Beach.
The Crystal Gems and Greg return back to Greg's van. Pearl is inspecting the van engine while Garnet is holding a pair of jumper cables, connecting to the engine.
Pearl says: "Okay, go for it Garnet."
Garnet begins generating electrical currents from her hands to jump-start the van engine.
Pearl says: "Okay Amethyst, try it now."
Amethyst says: "I've never started a car with a key before."
Amethyst says: "*turns the car key and the van starts up* Hahaha, that's way easier!"
Pearl says: "*shuts the engine hood* The battery is ready to go."
Steven says: "The Wailing Stone is ready."
Greg says: "Ready with the video cord, Steven?"
Steven says: "Ready."
Steven plugs the cord into the TV. Greg starts tuning his equipment and static begins to play on the TV, emitting the strange noise.
Pearl says: "Is that it?"
Greg says: "Just a second."
Greg adjusts further, the imagery on the TV becomes less fuzzy. The Crystal Gems keep watching in suspension.
Steven says: "I hear something."
Greg says: "Come on!"
Greg keeps adjusting, and the imagery on the TV becomes clearer, revealing Lapis.
Lapis says: "Steven!"
Steven says: "Lapis!"
Greg says: "I did it!"
Pearl says: "I can't believe my flippin' eyes!"
Garnet says: "Everyone, listen up!"
Lapis says: "I hope you're able to hear this."
Lapis says: "There's a Gem looking for you, she even knew your name."
Lapis says: "I don't know how!"
Lapis says: "I didn't tell her, I swear!"
Lapis says: "She's on her way to Earth, and she's not alone."
Lapis says: "Steven, Homeworld is not the way it used to be."
Lapis says: "Everything here is so advanced!"
Lapis says: "I can't even understand it."
Lapis says: "There's no way anything on Earth can stand up to it."
Lapis says: "Please, don't put up a fight, It'll only lead to devastation!"
The video suddenly cuts off, ending the transmission.
Pearl says: "It's Peridot, she must be talking about Peridot."
Amethyst says: "She's coming for us!"
Steven says: "Lapis, she sounds so unhappy..."
Pearl and Amethyst starts to freak out in background, and Garnet clutches her fists.
Amethyst says: "What are we going to do?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Garnet says: "Woo!"
Others says: "Wha..."
Others says: "?"
Garnet says: "We did it."
Pearl says: "What?"
Garnet says: "We got the message."
Garnet says: "It's "got!"
Garnet approaches Greg and holds out her hand. Greg looks at Garnet's hand in surprise and shakes it.
Garnet says: "Thank you Greg, we would not have received this message without your help."
Greg says: "You're..."
Greg says: "*tears up in joy* You're welcome."
Steven says: "My dad is..."
Steven says: "*speaks with voice distortion* the best!"
Greg says: "Oh my gosh, Steven's a robot!"
Greg says: "Help, I can't relate to my robot son!"
Steven says: "*robotic voice* My mind is the internet, I know every continuity mistake ever made on television."
Greg and Steven start laughing together. The Gems turn and look at one another in worry.
END.