Open. Ext. Beach.
Steven sets down a stereo on the beach. He presses play on the stereo and backs up. The workout track from "Future Vision" begins to play. During this, Steven performs the exercise routine from the same episode.
Stereo says: "*in Korean* Let's exercise!"
Stereo says: "Cha!"
Stereo says: "One..."
Stereo says: "two!"
Stereo says: "..."
Stereo says: "Two..."
Stereo says: "two!"
Stereo says: "..."
Stereo says: "Three..."
Stereo says: "two!"
Stereo says: "..."
Stereo says: "Four..."
Stereo says: "two!"
Stereo says: "..."
Lion roars off-screen, and his portal opens just to the left of the stereo. Lion lands on top of it with Connie on his back.
Connie says: "Good morning, Steven."
Connie says: "One last routine before hitting the road?"
Steven says: "Yeah..."
Steven says: "I'll be sitting for a while."
Cut to the Temple.
Steven and Connie sit on top of Steven's bed with Lion on the ground next to them. Connie types on a computer on her lap, while Steven studies a map laid out in front of him.
Steven says: "I'll be in Charm City in time for Shep and Sadie's concert,  I'll meet up with you and Lion on Providence Island when you're touring schools, and then I'll catch up with Lars for our weekly space hangout."
Connie says: "I'll add that to your Boogle Maps doc."
Connie says: "So..."
Connie says: "how did everyone take the news?"
Steven says: "I basically told everyone in Beach City – plus my dad – but, I haven't told the Gems yet."
Connie says: "You gotta tell them!"
Steven says: "I-I know, I just have no idea how they're going to take it."
Steven says: "They've been so protective of me these last few months since my meltdown."
Steven says: "I wonder if there's a way I can let them down easy."
Cut to the kitchen.
Steven stands at the foot of the table, facing the Warp Pad, where Garnet, Amethyst, and Pearl return from.
Pearl says: "Oh, Steven!"
Pearl says: "Were you waiting for us?"
Steven opens a cooler full of homemade Cookie Cats.
Steven says: "I sure was."
Amethyst says: "Whoa, Cookie Cat!"
Pearl says: "I thought they stopped making them."
Steven says: "They did, so I made my own."
Steven looks at the Cookie Cat's slightly deformed face.
Steven says: "You can kinda tell."
Garnet takes a bite of her Cookie Cat, while Amethyst has already finished hers.
Garnet says: "They're delicious."
Amethyst says: "Mmm-mmm!"
Pearl takes a hesitant nibble out of her Cookie Cat's ear.
Pearl says: "Scrumptious!"
Amethyst says: "Remember when you used to sing that song for us?"
Pearl says: "If I may..."
As the music plays, the Gems recite the lyrics to the Cookie Cat song.
Pearl says: "*rapping* Oohhhhh!"
Pearl says: "He's a frozen treat with an all new taste!"
Amethyst says: "*rapping* 'Cause he came to this planet from outer space!"
Garnet says: "*rapping* A refugee of an interstellar war!"
Pearl says: "*rapping* But now he's at your local grocery store!"
Amethyst says: "*rapping* Cookie Cat!"
Pearl says: "*rapping* He's a pet for your tummy!"
Amethyst says: "*rapping* Cookie Cat!"
Pearl says: "*rapping* He's super-duper yummy!"
Amethyst says: "*rapping* Cookie Cat!"
Music stops.
Garnet says: "He left his family behind."
Steven says: "That's right, he did leave his family behind."
Amethyst says: "That's not how it goes!"
Steven says: "I think maybe Cookie Cat had run out of ways to grow on his home planet."
Steven says: "And even though it must've been hard, and he loved his family so, so much, maybe he had to leave to keep moving forward."
Amethyst says: "We're still talking about ice cream, right?"
Steven says: "Everyone..."
Steven says: "I've decided to move out!"
Steven says: "Don't worry about me, I have a very comprehensive plan to visit all 39 states before I decide where to settle down, and I can still video chat my new therapist while I'm on the road."
Steven says: "Do not try to talk me out of this!"
Pearl says: "When are you leaving?"
Steven says: "Uh..."
Steven says: "tomorrow."
Pearl says: "Oh, so soon!"
Pearl says: "Well, all human adolescents need to seize their independence eventually."
Pearl gives Steven a hug.
Pearl says: "I'm so happy for you."
Pearl exits.
Amethyst says: "Yeah, bud."
Amethyst says: "I'll miss ya."
Amethyst says: "Peace!"
Amethyst exits.
Steven says: "You guys know I may never come back, right?"
Garnet places her hand on Steven's shoulder.
Garnet says: "We know, Steven."
Garnet says: "This will be an exciting new chapter in your life."
Garnet exits, leaving Steven shocked by their surprisingly calm response.
Steven says: "That..."
Steven says: "went well..."
Steven says: "right?"
Cut to Little Homeworld.
Bismuth says: "You..."
Bismuth says: "WHAT?!"
Bismuth says: "!"
Bismuth says: "?!"
Bismuth says: "!"
Bismuth says: "What's the problem, Steven?"
Bismuth says: "Are you mad at me?"
Steven says: "Of course I'm not mad at you."
Bismuth brings Steven into a tight hug.
Bismuth says: "Then don't leave!"
Bismuth says: "Oh no, am I smothering you?"
Bismuth says: "I get it, I get it."
Steven says: "Bismuth."
Bismuth turns her hands into a saw and hammer.
Bismuth says: "How about I build you a nice vacation house just outside of Little Homeworld?"
Lapis approaches Steven, briefly summons her wings and outstretches her arms.
Lapis says: "Listen to me, Steven."
Lapis says: "You can't run away from yourself."
Lapis says: "Wherever you go, you'll be there."
Lapis says: "Trust me, I know."
Peridot drops down on the floor and sobs into her hands. Steven kneels down and gives her his hand to hold.
Steven says: "Peridot."
Steven says: "Come on, it's okay."
Peridot says: "Where am I going to find another Steven as good as you, huh?"
Peridot says: "I like this one so much!"
Steven says: "Here, I want you to have this."
Steven gives Peridot his old salmon-pink shirt from the original series.
Peridot says: "My very own Steven shirt?"
Steven says: "Be the Steven you want to see in the world."
Peridot wails once more and blows her nose with the shirt. Steven approaches Lapis, who has her arms crossed.
Steven says: "Lapis, this is for you."
Steven gives Lapis a drawing kit as she reads the description.
Lapis says: "What the?"
Lapis says: "142 pieces?"
Lapis says: "60 crayons?"
Lapis says: "24 oil pastels?"
Lapis says: "It even has watercolors?!"
Lapis says: "!"
Steven says: "Do you like it?"
Lapis takes the box with tears in her eyes.
Lapis says: "I..."
Lapis says: "love it!"
Steven approaches Bismuth with a bright pink flag.
Bismuth says: "Stay back, Steven!"
Steven says: "Bismuth, I can't think of anyone who's more of a Crystal Gem than you."
Steven says: "So please take this: the original Crystal Gem flag."
Bismuth says: "Oh, Steven."
Peridot wearing Steven's old shirt and Lapis walk up to Bismuth and Steven.
Bismuth says: "If it wasn't for you, none of us would be who we are today."
Bismuth says: "You make me so proud to be a Crystal Gem."
Peridot says: "*crying* Why did you have to put it so well, Bismuth?"
Lapis says: "*crying* I'm gonna use my tears to make a watercolor painting of you."
Steven also breaks down as they all hug each other.
Steven says: "*crying* Peridot, Lapis, Bismuth..."
Steven says: "I love you!"
Cut to outside of the tower Steven and his friends were standing on.
Peridot says: "We love you too, Steven!"
Lapis says: "We love you too, Steven!"
Bismuth says: "We love you too, Steven!"
Cut to Steven walking near the tower.
Steven wipes his tears with a smile on his face. A hole is busted through the wall, revealing it to be Jasper, staying aloof. She doesn't face Steven.
Jasper says: "Heard you're leaving."
Jasper faces Steven.
Jasper says: "I'm coming with you!"
Steven says: "Jasper, I'm going alone."
Jasper says: "Then who will protect you?!"
Jasper says: "!"
Steven says: "I can protect myself."
Jasper says: "*gives a disappointed sigh and scowls* I know."
Jasper punches a hole in the ground and looks the opposite direction.
Jasper says: "Farewell, my Diamond."
Jasper headbutts the wall, creating another Jasper-shaped hole next to the previous one. She walks through it.
Steven says: "Whoa!"
Steven says: "Even Jasper's more upset than my own family!"
Steven says: "Maybe I need a round two?"
Cut to the Temple.
Steven says: "Oh, Amethyst!"
Amethyst jumps up into a sitting position on the couch with Steven in front of her, holding a box.
Amethyst says: "Huh?"
Steven says: "I have a gift for you."
Amethyst says: "Is it food?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Amethyst grabs the box, tilting the contents of the box into her mouth.
Steven says: "No!"
Amethyst holds an old game console in her mouth, surprised it's not food.
Amethyst says: "*mouth full* What the?"
Amethyst spits the console back into the box.
Steven says: "It's my old video game systems!"
Amethyst says: "Aw, dude..."
Amethyst says: "you better kiss your high scores goodbye!"
Steven says: "What?!"
Steven says: "!"
Amethyst says: "And say goodbye to your save files, too!"
Amethyst says: "Oh, I've been waiting forever to play through Golf Quest Mini on my own!"
Amethyst says: "*exiting the room* Why the heck would you own a game with only one save slot anyway?"
Steven is left dumbfounded and alone in the living room.
Steven says: "Uhhh..."
Cut to the porch.
Steven opens the front door and greets Pearl, who is sitting in a white chair, playing her bass.
Steven says: "Hello, Pearl!"
Pearl says: "Oh, hi Steven!"
Pearl says: "Do you need help packing?"
Steven takes out his old ukulele.
Steven says: "I'm leaving you with my ukulele."
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "That's very thoughtful of you."
Pearl puts the ukulele inside of her gem.
Steven says: "Pearl, it's okay to be sad that I'm leaving."
Pearl says: "But Steven, it's a good thing that you're going to get out there and explore the world."
Pearl says: "It's not something to be sad over."
Steven frowns, his eyes large and tear-filled.
Steven says: "*tearfully* Yeah, you're right."
Steven starts walking back inside, groaning.
Pearl says: "Alright, have fun."
Cut to the Temple hand.
Steven warps to the Temple hand where Garnet is doing the laundry. He is holding a large scrapbook in his arms.
Steven says: "Garnet!"
Garnet says: "Well bust my britches, it's Steven Universe."
Steven says: "I'm here to give you a very important and sentimental gift because I'm leaving."
Steven says: "Getting to plan Ruby and Sapphire's wedding was so amazing, and I hope that one day, you can help me plan my own."
He holds up the scrapbook titled "Dream Wedding" to Garnet. She takes the scrapbook in her hands.
Garnet says: "Thanks."
Garnet says: "I'll take good care of it."
Steven says: "Okay, Garnet, level with me here."
Steven says: "You used your future vision, saw that everything would be fine, and told the Gems not to worry about me."
Steven says: "That's it, right?"
Garnet says: "Steven, I don't need future vision to know that you're gonna be fine."
Garnet heads over to the warp pad.
Garnet says: "Besides, part of the fun of leaving is figuring it out on your own."
She warps away, leaving Steven to cry alone.
Cut to Steven's room.
Steven shuts a suitcase filled with old items and sighs.
Greg says: "You alright, Schtu-ball?"
Greg says: "Just what?"
Steven puts the suitcase on the floor.
Steven says: "Well, I told the Gems I'm leaving but I don't think they're even sad about it."
Greg says: "Isn't that a good thing?"
Steven says: "I guess I wanted them to be at least a little upset."
Steven says: "Is that petty?"
Greg says: "You're allowed to have feelings, even petty ones."
Greg walks over to Steven and gives him a hug.
Greg says: "They love you, kiddo."
Greg says: "They're probably just trying to be supportive."
Steven says: "Thanks, Dad."
Steven says: "Oh!"
Steven says: "I still have to give you your gift!"
Steven jumps up onto the bed and puts a poster of "Kerry Moonbeam" on the empty wall.
Steven says: "It's all yours."
Steven says: "I want you to move in!"
Greg says: "Huh?"
Greg says: "Don't you think it's a little..."
Greg says: "ritzy for me?"
Steven sits back down on the bed, patting the space next to him with his hand.
Steven says: "Try the bed, Dad."
Steven and Greg lay down on the bed, looking at the glow-in-the-dark stars on the ceiling.
Greg says: "Woah."
Greg says: "Steven, I don't think I can get up."
Steven says: "I knew you'd like it."
Greg says: "*sighs* I guess the Gems are gonna swap one Universe for another, huh?"
Greg says: "You know, you heading off and me settling down, it makes the kind of karmic sense I just can't resist."
Cut to the beach in front of the Temple.
The Gems, Greg, and Connie are all gathered next to Steven's car, ready to give their goodbyes. Steven gives Connie a hug.
Steven says: "Bye, Connie."
Steven says: "See you soon."
They share a kiss and Steven holds her hands, both of them blushing.
Connie says: "Text me when you get to that bed and breakfast."
Connie says: "Don't breakfast without me."
Steven says: "You got it."
Steven hugs Greg next.
Steven says: "Bye, Dad."
Greg says: "Aw, I'm gonna miss you, Schtu-ball."
Greg says: "But I'm so proud of you."
Steven says: "Thanks, Dad."
He approaches the Pearl, Garnet and Amethyst and gives Pearl a hug.
Steven says: "Goodbye, Pearl."
Pearl says: "Goodbye, Steven."
Steven hugs Garnet next.
Steven says: "Bye, Garnet."
Garnet says: "So long, Steven."
He hugs Amethyst.
Steven says: "Bye, Amethyst."
Amethyst says: "See ya, bud."
Amethyst says: "Don't forget about me!"
Steven says: "I won't."
Steven reluctantly says goodbye to all the Gems.
Steven says: "Well, I guess this is goodbye."
Garnet says: "We'll be thinking of you."
Steven says: "Alright then."
Steven gets into his car and begins to drive off, watching his friends wave to him in the rear view mirror. As he gets farther and farther from then, he begins to panic, and once they are all out of sight, the car comes to a screeching halt and reverses all the way back to the Gems. Steven appears in the car window with tears going down his cheeks.
Steven says: "*tearfully* What's wrong with you guys?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "Aren't you sad that I'm leaving?"
Amethyst bursts into tears.
Amethyst says: "*crying* Oh man, I can't take this anymore!"
Garnet sprays tears all over her visor as they run down her cheeks.
Garnet says: "We were trying to be strong for you."
Pearl turns her head to face Steven, sobbing sloppily as she's unable to speak.
Garnet says: "Pearl agrees."
Steven jumps out of the car, running over to the Gems.
Steven says: "You guys!"
They leap into a group hug and sob together.
Amethyst says: "*crying* I was kidding, man!"
Amethyst says: "I'm never gonna delete your save files!"
Pearl says: "*crying* Ah, I love that ukulele!"
Pearl says: "I'll never play anything else!"
Garnet says: "I'd be overjoyed to plan your wedding."
Garnet says: "In fact, I've already planned over 363 versions of it."
Steven says: "Why didn't you guys just tell me all of this?"
Garnet says: "I'm sorry, Steven."
Garnet says: "I couldn't resist looking into your future."
Garnet says: "I peeked."
Garnet says: "But I saw a possibility that our tears would keep you from leaving."
Amethyst says: "*crying* We didn't wanna hold you back!"
Garnet says: "But I also saw many paths ahead of you, and we are a part of all of them."
Garnet takes off her visor.
Garnet says: "Wherever you end up, we will visit you to talk, to listen, to be there, whenever you need us."
Garnet says: "We love you, Steven."
Steven wipes the tears away from his eyes.
Steven says: "I love you too."
Greg wipes a tear from his eye, and Connie puts her hand on his arm to comfort him. Steven begins to get back into his car as Garnet waves at him and Pearl begins sobbing again.
Garnet says: "Check your rear left tire before you hit the desert!"
Garnet says: "It's not serious, but could be trouble if left unchecked!"
A tear goes down Garnet's cheek, and Amethyst throws him a peace sign.
Amethyst says: "Later bruh!"
Pearl continues to sob uncontrollably as Steven starts the car and begins to drive off.
Garnet says: "Bye, Steven!"
Amethyst says: "Bye!"
Amethyst says: "Have fun!"
Connie says: "Bye!"
Greg says: "Bye!"
Pearl says: "*crying* Bye!"
END.