Open Ext. Beach House.
Concluding the events in That Will Be All, the Roaming Eye arrives back on Earth and lands on the beach in front of the Crystal Temple. Connie opens the front door and runs out of the beach house in excitement, as Steven, Greg and the Crystal Gems emerges from the ship.
Greg says: "Oh, good old, natural sand."
Greg says: "That fancy zoo sand was too fine for me."
Connie says: "Hey!"
Connie says: "Steven!"
Steven says: "Connie!"
Connie says: "*hugs Steven and giggles* You're back, and you're okay!"
Connie says: "Did you get your ears pierced?"
Steven says: "Oh man, you're not going to believe what happened!"
Steven says: "We went to a far-off space station!"
Steven says: "We made some new friends!"
Steven says: "We warped the space-time continuum!"
Steven says: "Sorry we left you behind."
Connie says: "It's okay."
Connie says: "You were really worried about your dad."
Connie says: "I'm just glad you're all back safe."
Greg says: "Yep."
Greg says: "All thanks to this guy."
Greg pulls Steven in for a hug, and Steven blushes.
Steven says: "Did anything happen while we were gone?"
Connie says: "Uhh..."
Connie says: "Lion behaved himself."
Connie says: "I restocked all the cereal and washed all the towels."
Steven says: "Sounds like everything went well."
Connie says: "Well..."
Connie says: "there was a little trouble."
Connie begins retelling her tale, setting a flashback to the point before Steven and the Crystal Gems left for space.
Trans. Int. Maheswaran Residence.
Connie Narrating.
When I got that call from you, I could tell you had a lot going on.
Connie was in her living room, talking on the phone with Steven.
Steven On phone.
Dad's in trouble, and we need to go into space to get him back.
Connie says: "*puts on Rose's Sword* I can be there in fifteen!"
Steven says: "There's no time."
Steven says: "We're going right now."
Steven says: "Just..."
Steven says: "protect Beach City for me while we're gone."
Connie says: "You can count on me!"
Connie hung up the call and took a deep breath.
Connie Narrating.
It was a big job for one person, but I felt up to the challenge.
Trans. Ext. Beach House.
Connie Narrating.
I made your way over to your house. And that's when I realized I wasn't alone.
Connie enters the beach house and hears toilet flushing in the bathroom. She quickly draws her sword and makes her way to the bathroom.
Trans. Int. Steven's Bathroom.
Connie bursts into the bathroom and swipes her sword. She then pauses when she sees Lapis and Peridot, in the toilet, inside.
Peridot says: "Uhh, don't you knock?"
Lapis says: "Weirdo."
Connie says: "Lapis?"
Connie says: "Peridot?"
Connie says: "What are you doing here?"
Peridot says: "Just showing off my old room to- Oh wait, actually that's none of your business!"
Lapis says: "Who is this?"
Lapis says: "And what is she doing in Steven's house?"
Peridot says: "That's Steven's third best friend, after me and you."
Connie says: "Umm..."
Connie says: "Lapis."
Connie says: "You don't remember me?"
Lapis says: "*tilts her head* Umm..."
Connie says: "You almost drowned me when you tried to steal the world's water?"
Lapis says: "I almost drowned a lot of people."
Connie says: "I'm Connie."
Peridot says: "I'm Peridot!"
Peridot says: "And this is our Pumpkin!"
Pumpkin pops out from a laundry basket nearby and barks at Connie.
Connie says: "Oh."
Connie says: "Hello!"
Pumpkin barks excitedly at Connie.
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Connie carries Pumpkin in her hands and sits on the living room couch with Lapis and Peridot.
Connie says: "So, Steven told me you guys retired to the country."
Connie says: "What brings you here?"
Peridot says: "Garnet trusted us with a mission!"
Connie says: "Oh, Steven gave me one too."
Connie says: "I just hope I don't let him down."
Peridot says: "You probably will."
Peridot says: "That's why they put us in charge of protecting Beach City."
Connie says: "But, Steven asked me to do that."
Lapis says: "You really think we need your help?"
Peridot says: "Wait a minute."
Peridot says: "Maybe we do need your help."
Peridot says: "The Crystal Gems have been protecting this world with a specialized team!"
Peridot says: "Three Gems, each with their own role."
Peridot says: "And a human!"
Peridot says: "Well, Steven's only half human, but hmm, close enough."
Lapis says: "Mmm..."
Lapis says: "Meaning?"
Peridot says: "To do the job of the Crystal Gems, we need to do the jobs of the Crystal Gems."
Peridot says: "We four..."
Connie says: "Four?"
Peridot says: "I'm counting Pumpkin."
Peridot says: "We each need to pick someone from the original team and perform their role in the group!"
Peridot says: "We can be exactly like them."
Peridot says: "But better!"
Connie says: "That..."
Connie says: "sort of makes sense!"
Peridot says: "I call Garnet!"
Peridot says: "I'm obviously best suited to being the boss."
Lapis says: "You are very bossy."
Peridot says: "Thank you."
Connie says: "Then I'll do what Steven does."
Peridot says: "Lapis, you can be Amethyst."
Lapis says: "*deaadpan* Which one is she?"
Lapis says: "..."
Lapis says: "I'm joking."
Peridot says: "Great!"
Peridot says: "You are already in character."
Connie says: "What about your pumpkin?"
Peridot says: "Whatever."
Peridot says: "She can be Pearl."
Peridot says: "New Crystal Gems!"
Peridot says: "*strikes a cool pose* Congregate!"
Peridot says: "..."
Peridot says: "That means, come over here and do a cool pose."
Connie and Lapis reluctantly strike a pose, while Pumpkin poses excited near Peridot.
Trans. Ext. Beach House.
Connie, wearing Steven's shirt, begins surveying Beach City with a pair of binoculars on the porch.
Connie says: "Hm."
Connie says: "Let's see..."
Connie says: "Nothing there."
Connie spots Mr. Smiley outside of the Funland Arcade, Sadie and Lars loafing on a bench, and Ronaldo, noticing Connie with his own binoculars.
Connie says: "Judging from what Steven tells me..."
Connie says: "Everything's normal."
Peridot, wearing sunglasses, silently gives Connie a thumbs-up.
Peridot says: "There!"
Peridot says: "Am I doing it?"
Peridot says: "Am I as aloof and distant as the Garnet?"
Lapis says: "You were."
Lapis says: "*imitating Amethyst* until you started to ask so many questions."
Pumpkin, wearing a party hat to imitate Pearl's nose, runs in and barks excitedly. Just then, a loud car horn is heard, along with someone crying "Help!".
Connie says: "That sounds like it's coming from the car wash."
Peridot says: "Go!"
Peridot says: "New Crystal Gems!"
Peridot, Lapis, Pumpkin and Connie begin running towards the car wash. Connie eventually picks up speed, running in the front of the group and jumping in joy.
Trans. Ext. It's a Wash.
Peridot, Lapis, Pumpkin and Connie arrive at the car wash and strike a pose.
Peridot says: "What seems the trouble here, Beach City citizen?"
Buck says: "It's..."
Buck says: "my dad."
Buck says: "Some jerks have been messing with his head."
Buck looks up at his father's van, at the vandalized head of Mayor Dewey.
Buck says: "It was funny, till he made me bring it here."
Buck says: "Can you guys wash it off?"
Connie says: "Oh right!"
Connie says: "If's Mister Universe and Steven are in outer space, then..."
Connie says: "We should run the car wash."
Peridot says: "Ahem."
Connie says: "Ehh..."
Connie says: ""water" we waiting for?"
Peridot says: "Haha, good one Steven."
Lapis says: "Whatever you say, dudes."
Lapis says: "Buuurp!"
Pumpkin barks ecstatically.
Peridot says: "Well said, Pearl."
Peridot begins lifting Mayor Dewey's van into the air with her metal abilities, grunting as she struggles. Lapis covers it with water with the hoses nearby, washing the van in a vortex. Once Peridot drops the van back in the ground, Connie and Pumpkin dry the van with a large piece of fabric.
Connie says: "Here's your vehicle."
Connie says: "Washed and buffed."
Connie says: "Courtesy of the New Crystal Gems."
Buck says: "That was cool."
Connie says: "Thanks!"
Buck gets in the newly-washed van and drives off, as the New Crystal Gems watch him go in satisfaction.
Connie Narrating.
After such a rocky start, it finally seemed like the New Crystal Gems were coming together. Or were we?
Trans. Int. Beach House; The Next Day.
Connie is fast asleep in Steven's bed, when several loud car honks wake her up.
Trans. Ext. It's a Wash.
The New Crystal Gems make their way to the car wash and find several vehicles waiting outside.
Connie says: "Whoa."
Connie says: "Looks like word got around."
Buck says: "Encore!"
Buck says: "Encore!"
Peridot says: "I know what everyone is really here to see."
Peridot says: "Beach City citizens, witness the Garnet!"
Peridot grunts and proceeds to lift the Jenny's Car off the ground, and everyone applauds. Lapis then encases the car in a bubble of water, as everyone watches in awe.
Peridot says: "Amethyst, your performance is lacking."
Peridot says: "Mess around, crack some jokes."
Lapis says: "Oh, was that was I was supposed to be doing?"
Lapis splits the bubble of water into several smaller bubbles, which spray at everyone's faces.
Connie says: "Lapis, uhh..."
Connie says: "The Steven doesn't think that's funny!"
Lapis says: "Heh."
Peridot says: "I can't believe this."
Peridot says: "The only one taking anything seriously around here is Pumpkin."
Pumpkin is seen eating soapy water.
Peridot says: "That's right."
Peridot says: "Pearl does like soap."
Buck says: "Uh hey."
Buck says: "You gonna..."
Buck says: "bring our car down?"
Peridot says: "Do not interrupt the Garnet!"
Peridot says: "*drops Jenny's car back down* Everyone will have a turn!"
Peridot proceeds to lift Yellowtail's car, with him still inside. Yellowtail murmurs and waves at Yellowtail in panic.
Peridot says: "Oops."
Connie says: "Peridot!"
Connie says: "Put that guy down!"
Peridot says: "No one, bosses the Garnet!"
Connie says: "Well Garnet wouldn't yell at people."
Lapis says: "I agree."
Lapis says: "Maybe you should let someone else play, *imitating Garnet* the Garnet."
Peridot says: "Uhh..."
Lapis begins summoning a giant water hand from the sea and grabs Yellowtail's car. Everyone run away in fright, and Yellowtail continues to panic.
Peridot says: "Nooooo!"
Peridot says: "Amethyst!"
Peridot says: "I have the glasses!"
Lapis imitating Garnet.
There is no Amethyst, only Garnet.
Connie says: "What are you guys doing?"
Peridot and Lapis struggles for the control of Yellowtail's car, causing Yellowtail to fall off and into Jenny's car. They continue to fight, and accidentally crashes Yellowtail's car into the It's a Wash signboard. Peridot and Lapis then looks away uncomfortably.
Connie says: "Oh no."
Connie says: "I gotta Steven this somehow."
Connie says: "Look at us!"
Connie says: "We are all fighting with each other."
Connie says: "Uh, but, we all..."
Connie says: "love each other."
Connie says: "And you all love me."
Connie says: "So, we have to do this together, for love."
Lapis says: "*in normal voice* Steven would have had a better speech."
Peridot says: "I know."
Peridot says: "She didn't even cry."
Connie sighs in disappointment.
Trans. Int. Beach House; The Next Day.
Connie Narrating.
The wash was... a wash. And so were the New Crystal Gems.
Peridot says: "I've done a lot of thinking about what's been going wrong with this team up, and I think it's obvious now that the problem is all of you!"
Peridot says: "Connie, you completely lack Steven's sentimentality."
Peridot says: "He would have a much more inspiring speech yesterday."
Peridot says: "Lapis, your lack of humor has been hurting our morale."
Peridot says: "Maybe you should switch with Pumpkin."
Lapis says: "Let's make Pumpkin the Garnet."
Lapis says: "You should be the Pearl."
Peridot says: "I'm nothing like Pearl!"
Peridot says: "She is so uptight and sensitive!"
Peridot says: "How dare you- I'm leaving!"
Lapis says: "That's so funny."
Lapis says: "You should be Amethyst."
Connie and Pumpkin watch in uneasy, as Peridot and Lapis argue with each other.
Peridot says: "That's so dumb, you should be a clod."
Lapis says: "Oh, so now I'm a clod?"
Lapis says: "I think you're the clod."
Peridot says: "Wow, your Peridot impression is lousy too!"
Connie says: "Will you two..."
Connie says: "CAN IT?!"
Connie says: "!"
Connie says: "?!"
Connie says: "!"
Lapis says: "That's not a very Steven thing to say."
Connie says: "I don't care!"
Connie says: "So I'm not Steven."
Connie says: "Maybe he's really great at helping people work out these arguments, maybe he's really patient and caring, even though it must be hard for him having to be the adult for a bunch of super-powered children!"
Lapis says: "We're both thousands of years older than you."
Connie says: "Then act like it!"
Connie says: "Be the Gems you've been for thousands of years instead of playing this silly game."
Connie says: "It's impossible trying to solve problems if we're just trying to copy other people."
Connie says: "What's the point of this?"
Connie says: "We'll never be the Crystal Gems."
Connie says: "We're just..."
Connie says: "the Crystal..."
Connie says: "Temps."
Connie says: "But we have our own way of doing things."
Connie says: "So, let's go back to that, to fix this mess we made."
Lapis says: "You do make a good Steven."
Connie says: "Watch it."
Peridot says: "Well, if there's one thing Peridots are good at, it's fixing things."
Lapis says: "I guess I could help wash away the rubble."
Connie says: "And I'll help us organize."
Connie says: "So, here's how I think we should start..."
Trans. Ext. It's a Wash.
The flashback ends, as Connie, in the present, brings Steven, Greg and the Crystal Gems to the car wash.
Steven says: "You sure you wrecked anything?"
Steven says: "The car wash looks good as new."
Connie says: "Well..."
Connie says: "Except, we couldn't repair the sign."
Greg says: "Well, about time I got a new one."
Greg says: "Guess I'll give my neon guy a call."
Connie says: "Well, don't get out your check book yet."
Connie says: "Bring it on out!"
Peridot and Lapis emerges from behind the car wash, carrying and revealing a bigger, yet crudely made signboard, featuring Greg as its face.
Peridot says: "Introducing, a new sign!"
Peridot says: "For your business."
Peridot says: "We made it ourselves."
Peridot says: "Look at it, it's great!"
Greg says: "I think I love it!"
Connie says: "Really?"
Greg says: "That old sign was okay, but this one's got personality."
Connie says: "Well it wasn't much of a mission but I guess we handled that alright."
Steven says: "I knew you would."
Peridot says: "Does that mean we can do a victory pose?"
Lapis says: "Okay."
Connie, Lapis & Peridot with Pumpkin.
Go... Crystal Temps! *strike cool poses*.
END.