Open Int. Beach House.
Rain water drips from a hole in the ceiling, crudely mended with a few planks nailed into it, into a pot. Lion is seen napping nearby while the Crystal Gems are playing a board game.
Steven says: "Ooh hoo!"
Steven says: "You've got freezer burn, Pearl!"
Steven says: "Looks like you lose all your fish sticks."
Pearl says: "What?"
Pearl says: "I needed those for my bachelor meal combo."
Pearl says: "Now I can't ring the dinner bell."
Pearl says: "*pulls out a very long list of game rules and reads it* These rules make no sense."
Steven says: "The game of "Citchen Calamity" may be played for fun, but the hunger is real!"
Amethyst says: "*starts laughing* Tough break, Pearl."
Amethyst says: "*picks up a game card and reads it* "The sponge in your sink is covered in mold."
Amethyst says: "" But I can still eat it, right?"
Steven says: "No, no, that means that you lose two turns."
Amethyst says: "That's baloney!"
Pearl says: "*still reading the rules list, looks at Amethyst in surprise* What?"
Pearl says: "You have a "bologna" card?"
Steven says: "Garnet, your move."
Garnet says: "*picks up a different game card and reads it* "I'm now the owner of the "Golden Can Opener""."
Garnet says: "Yesssss!"
Steven says: "Now you can check your soups for the alphabet bonus."
Pearl says: "Who wrote this game?"
Steven says: "My turn!"
Steven says: "*reads another game card and gasps* I've gotta roll the dice to escape the eggquake!"
Steven says: "*presses the game blender which rolls game dices* C'mon, papa needs a new skillet!"
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Steven says: "Double sunnies!"
Steven says: "I did it!"
Steven says: "*moves his player piece across the game board* I win!"
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Steven says: "This Citchen Calamity has been cleaned up!"
Steven says: "Woohoo!"
Amethyst says: "I don't get it, but nice job."
Pearl says: "Yes, well done."
Pearl says: "*claps as well* That was very, very complicated."
Garnet says: "Well played."
Steven says: "*giggles and blushes* So, what do you want to play next?"
Pearl says: "There are more?"
Steven says: "*looks through the closet* Oh sure."
Steven says: "I got "Polly Polly", "Toppler", "Conquerors of Eldermore", "Not That Sorry", "Don't Wake Father Figure", and "Non-Invasive Operation"."
Steven says: "I think that one's missing a couple organs."
Steven says: "I also have checkers, if you want to take tur-  The Sea Spire statue..."
Amethyst says: "*scoffs and laughs* Oh, so that's where you left it."
Steven says: "I..."
Steven says: "forgot I still had this."
Steven says: "*picks it up and looks at it in guilt* I..."
Steven says: "I'm really sorry I forgot it on our mission that time."
Pearl says: "Oh, Steven."
Steven says: "If I had just remembered to pack it, then maybe the Sea Spire would still be around."
Steven says: "But now it's gone forever, 'cause of me."
Amethyst says: "Well yeah, but..."
Amethyst says: "Don't worry about it, 'kay?"
Garnet says: "You did your best on that mission, and that's what counts."
Steven says: "But the Sea Spire."
Steven says: "It was a special, important, Gem..."
Steven says: "place!"
Pearl says: "*walks to Steven and kneels down* Oh, Steven, no, no, no."
Pearl says: "If the Spire had been crucial, we wouldn't have used it as a test for you."
Pearl says: "It's fine, really."
Steven says: "*skeptical* "Test"?"
Steven says: "What do you mean, "test"?"
Garnet and Amethyst glance at each other, and Pearl gets worried. Thunder is heard outside.
Pearl says: "Uhh..."
Pearl says: "Well it wasn't really a "test", per se."
Pearl says: "Not in the traditional sense."
Pearl says: "We just wanted to see if you were ready to go on missions."
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "That's exactly what a test is!"
Pearl says: "*gets nervous* Euuuugghhhhh..."
Garnet says: "Steven, it wasn't something we planned behind your back."
Garnet says: "We just saw an opportunity and..."
Steven says: "*gasps* And I failed it..."
Steven says: "I failed the test."
Amethyst says: "No way, you got at least a 50%."
Pearl says: "Oh, and you had that raft so we didn't have to swim home, that's a solid 75, not failing at all!"
Pearl says: "Besides, that Spire was in much worse shape than we thought."
Pearl says: "It should have been even easier."
Steven says: "I failed an easy test?!"
Steven says: "!"
Amethyst says: "*glares at Pearl, unimpressed* Nice one."
Garnet says: "*gets up and groans at Pearl* Hmmm!"
Pearl says: "That's not what I meant!"
Pearl says: "I—"
Steven says: "No."
Steven says: "I need another test!"
Steven says: "A hard one!"
Pearl says: "*exchanges glares with Amethyst* But Steven."
Steven says: "Let me prove it."
Steven says: "*gets hyped* Test me!"
Steven says: "Test me!"
Pearl and Amethyst look at Garnet.
Trans. Ext. Crystal Temple.
The Crystal Gems stand before the Temple Gate.
Pearl says: "Alright, Steven."
Pearl says: "We've adjusted the metaphysical properties of the temple to create a customized dungeon for you."
Pearl says: "*projects a hologram of the dungeon* Now, just beyond here are three chambers designed by each of us to simulate the challenges of a mission."
Pearl says: "Should you succeed, you will unlock the final door, where we will be waiting for you."
Steven says: "Alright!"
Steven says: "That's more like it!"
Garnet says: "*places her hand on Steven's shoulder* Steven, this won't be easy."
Garnet says: "Be careful in there."
Steven says: "Right."
Steven says: "I won't let you down this time."
Pearl says: "That's the spirit!"
Amethyst says: "Yeaaah!"
Amethyst says: "Get amped, Steven!"
Steven says: "I'm ready."
The Gems open the Temple Gate and Steven walks into a dark hallway.
Amethyst says: "Good luck!"
Amethyst says: "You're gonna need ittttt!"
The Temple Gate closes, separating Steven from the Gems and leaving him in the darkness.
Trans Int. Amethyst's Chamber.
Purple torches then lit up, dispelling the darkness, and reveals a long stone ramp with deep pits on both sides before Steven.
Steven says: "Num-ero uno."
Steven says: "I wonder if Amethyst made this one."
Steven says: "Definitely Amethyst."
Steven walks across the ramp, when a giant boulder emerges from the mouth of the Amethyst statue and rolls towards Steven. Steven starts running away from the approaching boulder, and sees a door on a ledge across a gaping pit.
Steven says: "The door!"
Steven leaps off the ramp and grabs onto a vine hanging above the pit. The giant boulder barely misses him as he swings across the pit and over to the ledge, and touches the door. The door then starts to foam out towards Steven.
Steven says: "Whoa?"
Steven says: "*backs off a bit, but remembers the pit behind him* Uh-oh!"
Steven says: "Uhh..."
The door pops, releasing star-shaped balloons and confetti, as a fanfare plays.
Steven says: "Oh."
Steven says: "*chuckles* Yeah!"
Steven approaches through the door into the second chamber.
Trans. Int. Pearl's Chamber.
Bars block the entrance behind Steven again, and he sees a door high up on the wall across the room.
Steven says: "How do I get up there?"
A short music score starts to play, and certain tiles on the floor glow to each note.
Steven says: "Huh?"
The music score plays again, and another series of tiles glows this time.
Steven says: "Hmmm..."
Steven says: "Oh!"
Steven says: "A music puzzle."
Steven says: "Must be Pearl's room."
Steven says: "Only she would make me think."
Steven says: "Okay, let's see."
Steven says: "Ummm..."
Steven says: "*steps on a tile* Bing."
Steven says: "*jumps to another* Bing."
Steven says: "*jumps to the last two* Bing, bing."
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Did that do it?"
A chime is heard and the tiles in front of Steven raise, forming stairs to the door.
Steven says: "*laughs and climbs the stairs* Easy!"
Steven says: "Not easy!"
Steven says: "Aaaaah!"
Steven quickly runs up the stairs, avoiding several pendulum blades. He barely dodges the last pendulum blade and reaches the door. The door then bursts into star-shaped balloons and confetti while the fanfare plays again.
Steven says: "Woo-hoooo!"
Steven says: "That was close."
Steven says: "*panting* That was..."
Steven says: "really close."
Trans. Int. Garnet's Chamber.
Steven steps into the final chamber and bars once again block the entrance. Smoke emanates from his flip-flops as they sizzle on the hot floor.
Steven says: "Alright, let's see what we've got."
Steven can see a door straight ahead, separated by a lava pit, connected by a narrow bridge between them. A wall of fire then shoots up from one of the cracks in the bridge.
Steven says: "Looks like Garnet..."
Steven says: "turned up the heat."
Steven says: "*chuckles at his own pun* Nice one, Steven."
Steven starts to advance, when another fire wall shoots through another crack. He then avoid several other fire walls on the bridge, quickly reaching the other side. He starts walking confidently towards the door, when spikes suddenly fall from the ceiling above Steven.
Steven says: "Ah?"
Steven says: "*cowers* Aaaaahhh!!"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Huh?"
The spikes stop short just above Steven's head, before retracting back to the ceiling. Steven steps away from the spikes and they repeatedly pound hit the ground. Steven then sticks his arm out, the spikes stop just above his arm and retract again.
Steven says: "What?"
Steven backs a bit more over a crack on the bridge, when it starts to glow. A fire wall then shoots up from the crack, but it goes around Steven. He then sticks his arm into the fire wall and finds that it is missing him on purpose.
Steven says: "Oh no."
Steven says: "It can't be true!"
Steven looks at the door that leads out of the chamber, and at the door from the previous chamber, now opened, and ponders.
Trans. Int. Pearl's Chamber.
Steven returns back to Pearl's room and sticks his whole body at a pendulum blade. It swings by and Steven finds that it completely phases through him.
Steven says: "Whaaattt!"
Steven says: "?"
Steven starts tapping two floor tiles together, finding it plays the same music score and activates the stairs. He then taps on just one tile, and the stairs still activate.
Steven says: "It didn't even matter!"
Steven says: "?"
Trans. Int. Amethyst's Chamber.
Steven returns back to Amethyst's chamber, forgetting about the pit in the room, but quickly finds himself standing on invisible ground over the pit.
Steven says: "This too!"
Steven says: "?"
Steven walks back to the ramp and the giant boulder starts rolling towards him again. He stands his ground as the boulder approaches, and it stops just in front him.
Steven says: "Everything's riiiiigged!"
Steven starts yelling as he walks up the ramp, pushing the ball back into the mouth of the Amethyst statue.
Trans. Ext. Test Dungeon.
Steven then finds him outside the test dungeon, standing atop a big rectangular prism over a black void. He sees all the fake traps as he walks around, examining the setup.
Steven says: "I..."
Steven says: "can't believe it."
Steven says: "Ugghhh!"
Steven says: ""It won't be easy."
Steven says: "Good luck, you're gonna need it."
Steven says: "" How am I supposed to prove myself if you guys keep—"
Steven suddenly hear the Gems talking and walks to the edge of the prism. He then see them standing at a platform, with a large bouquet of star-shaped balloons and a banner reading "Congratulations".
Amethyst says: "What's taking him so long?"
Pearl says: "I didn't think mine was very difficult."
Pearl says: "Do you think he hurt himself?"
Garnet says: "There's no way."
Garnet says: "It's impossible for him to fail."
Amethyst says: "Ugggh."
Amethyst says: "So what's the point?"
Pearl says: "The point is that he's come so far."
Pearl says: "He can make Rose's bubble!"
Pearl says: "And he's pulled out Rose's shield twice."
Pearl says: "But he's lost his healing powers."
Pearl says: "We have to give him another "success"."
Pearl says: "He can't lose his confidence like that again."
There is a brief silence between the Gems.
Amethyst says: "..."
Amethyst says: "We're bad at this."
Pearl says: "What?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Amethyst says: "Yeah!"
Amethyst says: "You can't control him, and he shouldn't be taking advice from me, and we don't have Rose to tell us what to do!"
Pearl says: "But he needs us to show him how to be a Gem!"
Garnet says: "Steven is not just a Gem."
Garnet says: "There's never been anything or anyone like Steven."
Garnet says: "We don't know what he needs."
Steven is surprised by what the Gems said about him. He then decides to reenter the test dungeon. He walks confidently through the three chambers, unfazed by the fake obstacles, towards the final door. He pushes it open to a dark doorway. A pathway lights up, and the Gems start clapping as fireworks set up upon Steven's arrival.
Garnet says: "Congratulations."
Pearl says: "Congratulations, Steven!"
Amethyst says: "Yeaaah, congrats little man!"
Amethyst says: "Woop, woop, woop!"
Amethyst says: "Woop."
Steven, looking down, walks up to the Gems and kneel down before them.
Pearl says: "Thank goodness you made it!"
Pearl says: "How did it..."
Pearl says: "go?"
Steven says: "*seemingly angry* I can't believe you guys."
Steven says: "That was so..."
Steven says: "*happily*..."
Steven says: "insane!"
The Gems look at each other in relief.
Steven says: "Where do I even begin?"
Steven says: "Man, you should have seen me."
Steven says: "That boulder was coming at me and I just jumped for it."
Steven says: "And then the tiles were going like "Bing, bong, bing" and I was like "I see what's going on here"."
Steven says: "And I thought there's no way I could have been ready for all that fire and lava and spikes but I did it!"
Steven says: "I really..."
Steven says: "did it."
Steven says: "I..."
Steven says: "You guys are the best."
Steven says: "Thank you so much for doing this for me."
Steven says: "This was just what I needed."
Pearl says: "Oh, Steven."
Amethyst says: "Aw, shucks, guy."
Garnet says: "Mmmm."
The Gems all step forth one by one to hug Steven together.
Pearl says: "I'm so proud of you."
Amethyst says: "Yeah, you da man!"
Garnet says: "I knew you could do it."
Steven smiles and embraces the Gems tightly, as the star iris zooms in on his content face, ending the episode.
END.