Open. Int. The Barn.
Steven is seen fast asleep on the back of a truck in the barn, snoring loudly. A shadowy figure then approaches him, and Steven snores a final time before waking up.
Garnet says: "*excitedly, without her visors on* Steven!"
Steven says: "*gasps* Garnet!"
Steven says: "Is it morning already?"
Garnet says: "*grins* It's midnight!"
Garnet says: "Happy birthday, Steven!"
Steven says: "*grabs his cheeks, then sits up and grabs Garnet's cheeks* Oh man!"
Steven says: "Are you finally gonna tell me that you're a fusion of the Gems Ruby and Sapphire like you promised?"
Garnet says: "You already know about all that, Steven."
Steven says: "*sighs* It's true."
Garnet says: "But what you don't know is how Ruby and Sapphire first met."
Steven says: "*sits back up and grabs Garnet's cheeks again, blushing with stars in his eyes* O-M-G!"
Steven says: "I don't!"
Garnet blushes and giggles, as she begins retelling her story of how Ruby and Sapphire first met, cuing a flashback.
Trans. Ext. Cloud Arena.
Garnet Narrator.
The Earth, 5,750 years ago; it was a promising site of a new Gem colony, but progress was being thwarted by a small, persistent group of rebels. A team of diplomatic Gems were sent from Homeworld to investigate. Among those Gems was Sapphire, a rare aristocratic Homeworld Gem, with the power to see into the future. Assigned to her were three Rubies, common soldiers, with a mission to protect her.
Ruby Guard 1.
Ruby Guard 2.
Haha, yeah! When I see those rebels, I'm gonna punch them right in their faces!
Ruby Guard 1.
What are you sayin'? I'm gonna punch them all over their bodies, and then it'll be over.
Ruby Guard 2.
What if, I just punch you!
She punched Ruby Guard 1 playfully in the back of her shoulder, sticking her tongue out, and Ruby Guard 1 yelped out in pain.
Ruby says: "Oh, come on."
Ruby says: "We'll punch 'em together when we fuse."
Ruby says: "That's why they sent, uh, three of us?"
Ruby Guard 1.
Three this!
Ruby Guard 1 attempted to punch Ruby, but Ruby blocked the attack. Ruby was knocked backwards, causing her to collide into Sapphire. Onlooking Gems gasped in shock as Ruby quickly stepped away from Sapphire.
Ruby says: "Oh, I, um, I'm so sorry, I, let me, uh..."
Sapphire says: "I'm fine."
Ruby says: "What?"
Sapphire says: "It's okay."
Sapphire says: "It was bound to happen."
Ruby says: "I, uh..."
Ruby says: "okay."
Sapphire says: "Now please wait here."
Sapphire says: "I must attend to my duties."
Ruby says: "Right."
Ruby Guard 1.
Mmm.
Ruby Guard 2.
Yes.
The three Rubies stood in attention as Sapphire walked up to Blue Diamond's Palanquin, where Blue Diamond's Pearl was seen standing next to Blue Diamond's throne.
Garnet Narrator.
Sapphire had been called to Earth by Blue Diamond, specifically to share her vision of the future.
Sapphire says: "*enters the palanquin* My diamond, I've arrived."
Garnet Narrator.
Blue Diamond spoke, "Sapphire, tell me what will happen here.".
Sapphire says: "I foresee the rebels attacking the Cloud Arena."
Sapphire says: "Before they are cornered, they will destroy the physical forms of seven gems, including two of my Ruby guards, and myself."
Sapphire says: "Immediately after my form is destroyed, the rebels will be captured."
Sapphire says: "The rebellion ends here."
Garnet Narrator.
Sapphire says: "I look forward to speaking with you again once I reform back on Homeworld."
Sapphire gave a curtsy to Blue Diamond before returning to her Ruby guards, standing next to Ruby.
Garnet Narrator.
Sapphire knew she would be a casualty, but it did not faze her. She saw her whole life laid out before her, and she had already accepted all of it.
Sapphire says: "*speaks to Ruby* What a beautiful place to build a colony."
Sapphire says: "I wish I could have seen more of this planet."
Ruby says: "Uh..."
Ruby says: "there's still time."
Sapphire says: "That is a nice thought, but..."
Sapphire says: "no."
Rose says: "*off-screen* Blue Diamond, leave this planet!"
Rose says: "This colony will not be completed!"
Ruby Guard 2.
It's the rebels!
Various Gems muttered among themselves, one of them shouted, "Who are you!? Show yourselves!" Pearl, wielding two swords, appeared standing on a pillar as Rose Quartz floated in from above.
Rose says: "We..."
Rose says: "..."
Pearl says: "..."
Rose says: "are the Crystal Gems!"
Pearl says: "are the Crystal Gems!"
The Palanquin carrying Blue Diamond and her Pearl closed, sprouted mechanical legs and walks off.
Garnet Narrator.
The attack was right on schedule.
Pearl used her swords to defeat four Gems, before the Ruby guards intervened and fused into a much bigger Ruby. The Ruby fusion charged after Rose Quartz, but she counter-attacked, instantly defusing the Ruby fusion. Pearl then instantly jumped in and destroyed the forms of the two other Ruby Guards, leaving just Ruby on the ground. Pearl then prepared to strike Sapphire.
Sapphire says: "Thank you, Ruby."
Sapphire says: "You did your best."
Garnet Narrator.
Ruby suddenly realized what Sapphire meant. She had known that Ruby would fail. Sapphire had accepted it. But Ruby... Ruby could not.
Ruby says: "NO!!"
Ruby got up and charged at Sapphire, pushing her out of the way of Pearl's attack. As the two of them spun in the air, they accidentally fuse into Garnet for the first time.
Past Garnet says: "Wha..."
Past Garnet says: "*examines her newly formed body, and the two gems on her palms* What..."
Past Garnet says: "!"
Past Garnet says: "?"
Onlooking Gems gasped, horrified, as they muttered among themselves.
Past Garnet says: "What..."
Past Garnet says: "what is this?"
Pearl looked on in, amazed, but shook it off and prepared to strike again, before being stopped by Rose.
Rose says: "Wait!"
Rose says: "This is..."
Rose says: "hm?"
Rose says: "..."
Rose says: "Let's go."
Pearl says: "Uh..."
Pearl says: "bye!"
Pearl And Rose then leapt away.
Past Garnet says: "Is this..."
Past Garnet says: "?"
Past Garnet defused back into Ruby and Sapphire, and the onlooking Gems turned their attention back to the pair.
Garnet Narrator.
The furious crowd closed in around Ruby and Sapphire. They'd never seen fusion of two different types of Gems.
Various Gems Garnet.
Garnet Narrator.
Blue Diamond's voice cut through the crowd. "The rebels have fled. Sapphire, this was not the scenario you described!".
Sapphire says: "This is..."
Sapphire says: "not what I saw!"
Sapphire says: "I don't know what happened, I..."
Ruby says: "No!"
Ruby says: "It was me!"
Garnet Narrator.
Ruby says: "Forgive me, I..."
Ruby says: "!"
Garnet Narrator.
The angry Gems began to close in on Ruby and Sapphire, but Sapphire grabbed Ruby's hand and dashed off with her.
Ruby says: "WAAAIT!!"
Ruby says: "What are you dooiing!"
Ruby says: "?"
Ruby says: "NO!!"
Sapphire jumped off the Cloud Arena, and the two disappeared into the clouds.
Trans. Somewhere on Earth.
Sapphire gently floated Ruby down somewhere at the base of a mountain and dropped her into the ground. It then began to rain heavily.
Ruby says: "Ugh, why'd you do that!"
Ruby says: "?"
Ruby says: "I have to get you back up there!"
Sapphire says: "They were gonna break you!"
Ruby says: "Who cares!"
Ruby says: "?"
Ruby says: "There's tons of me!"
Ruby looked up at the rain, and the area around the mountain. She then groaned in panic.
Ruby says: "Gahh!"
Ruby says: "What do we do now!"
Ruby says: "?"
Garnet Narrator.
Sapphire had known every moment of her life. How it would happen, and when. But because of Ruby's impulsive gesture, she suddenly jumped the track of fate, and everything from that instant on was wrong, and new. She couldn't see, she couldn't move. She was... frozen.
Ice began forming around Sapphire's feet, freezing her onto the spot.
Ruby says: "Ah!"
Ruby says: "We have to get you..."
Ruby says: "out of here!"
Ruby grabbed Sapphire from behind and pulled her out of the ice. She then carries Sapphire bridal style.
Ruby says: "Come on."
Ruby carried Sapphire away from the mountains and into a nearby cave. Ruby set her down inside and examined the surroundings.
Ruby says: "Alright, this should be good for now."
Sapphire sat down and pushed aside her bang, uncovering her eye.
Sapphire says: "Thank you..."
Ruby looked at her, stunned and speechless. Fire then formed around her feet, causing her to step back in shock. A bonfire was made from the flames and Saphhire began warming herself. Ruby, however, kept pacing around in panic.
Ruby says: "What kind of Ruby am I supposed to be?"
Ruby says: "Look at this!"
Ruby says: "It's my fault you're stranded here."
Ruby says: "How am I gonna save you?"
Sapphire says: "You already did."
Ruby says: "What!"
Ruby says: "?"
Sapphire says: "You already saved me."
Ruby sniffled and sat down next to the bonfire, still perturbed. The two remained silent for a moment, thinking about the accidental fusion they performed earlier. Ruby stared at her gem, and then at Sapphire's gem.
Sapphire says: "I..."
Sapphire says: "I've seen gems fuse before, but I had no idea that's what it felt like."
Sapphire says: "I always thought..."
Sapphire says: "I never realized that fusion..."
Sapphire says: "that'd you'd disappear like that."
Ruby says: "It's never like that!"
Ruby says: "Whenever I've fused, it's always just been me, but bigger, I..."
Ruby says: "I've never had a third eye before."
Sapphire says: "I've never had more than one!"
Sapphire says: "It was nice."
Ruby says: "*blushes* Ha..."
Ruby says: "yeah..."
Eventually, the rain stopped, and Ruby and Sapphire stepped out of the cave. They climbed over a hill and witnessed a sunset in the horizons. They both began to sing "Something Entirely New" as they explore Earth together.
Ruby says: "♫ Where did we go?"
Sapphire says: "♫ Where did we go?"
Ruby says: "What did we do?"
Sapphire says: "What did we do?"
Ruby says: "/ I think we made something, entirely new."
Sapphire says: "/ I think we made something, entirely new."
Ruby says: "/ And it wasn't quite me, and it wasn't quite you."
Sapphire says: "/ And it wasn't quite me, and it wasn't quite you."
Ruby says: "/ I think it was someone, entirely new."
Sapphire says: "/ I think it was someone, entirely new."
Sapphire walked through a forest when a butterfly landed on her hand. Ruby came over to observe it, but it flew away and got eaten by a frog. Ruby then picked up the frog and showed it to an excited Sapphire.
Ruby says: "♫ Oh..."
Ruby says: "Um..."
Sapphire says: "♫ So..."
Sapphire says: "Um..."
Sapphire says: "/ Did you say I was different?"
Ruby says: "♫ And you hadn't before?"
Sapphire says: "♫ Of course not!"
Sapphire says: "/ When would I have ever?"
Night fell, Ruby and Sapphire lay in the grass to gaze at the moon, while talking about the accidental fusion.
Ruby says: "♫ I'm so sorry."
Sapphire says: "♫ No, no, don't be."
Ruby says: "♫ And now you're here forever!"
Sapphire says: "♫ What about you?"
Ruby says: "♫ What about me?"
Sapphire says: "♫ Well you're here too."
Sapphire says: "/ We're here together."
Sapphire placed a reassuring hand on Ruby's hand and then led her into a forest. She began humming her song, to which Ruby then joined in too, forming a reprise of "Stronger Than You" and "Strong in the Real Way. They danced together in the forest, and eventually fused together back into Garnet. Past Garnet began stumbling around, unfamiliar to her body yet.
Garnet Narrator.
I was back; I was someone and I didn't know who. But I felt I was getting the hang of my strange new form. ...And then I fell.
Past Garnet tripped and rolled down a hill.
Past Garnet says: "..."
Past Garnet says: "Ouch."
Suddenly, a sword was pointed at Past Garnet's face, causing her to flinch and recoil.
Past Garnet says: "Ah!"
Past Garnet says: "Don't hurt her!"
Past Garnet says: "Don't hurt..."
Past Garnet says: "me?"
The sword bearer then revealed to be Pearl.
Pearl says: "It's you!"
Pearl says: "The fusion..."
Past Garnet says: "We didn't mean to fuse!"
Past Garnet says: "Well..."
Past Garnet says: "well, we did this time."
Past Garnet says: "We'll unfuse!"
Past Garnet says: "We, we'll..."
Rose Quartz approached from behind Pearl.
Rose says: "No, no, please..."
Rose says: "I'm glad to see you again."
Garnet Narrator.
And there they were says: "Rose Quartz, the leader of the rebellion, and her terrifying renegade Pearl."
Past Garnet says: "I don't upset you?"
Rose says: "Who cares about how I feel?"
Rose says: "How you feel is bound to be much more interesting."
Past Garnet says: "How I feel?"
Past Garnet says: "I feel..."
Past Garnet says: "uh, lost..."
Past Garnet says: "and scared..."
Past Garnet says: "and happy."
Past Garnet says: "W-why am I so sure that I'd rather be this than everything I was supposed to be, and that I'd rather do this than anything I was supposed to do?"
Rose says: "*laughing* Welcome to Earth!"
Past Garnet says: "C-can you tell me!"
Past Garnet says: "?"
Past Garnet says: "How was Ruby able to alter fate?"
Past Garnet says: "Or, why was Sapphire willing to give up everything?"
Past Garnet says: "W-what am I!"
Past Garnet says: "?"
Rose says: "No more questions."
Rose says: "Don't ever question this."
Rose says: "*holds Garnet's hands* You already are the answer."
Trans. Int. The Barn.
The flashback ends as Garnet concludes her tale.
Steven says: "So..."
Steven says: "?"
Steven says: "What was it?"
Garnet raises an eyebrow.
Steven says: "The answer."
Garnet says: "*whispers* Love."
Steven says: "Wow..."
Steven says: "I knew it."
Garnet says: "So did I."
The star iris closes on Garnet, popping with hearts instead of the usual stars, and ending the episode.
END.