Open Int. The Big Donut.
Steven is inside the donut shop asking a trivial question to Sadie and Lars behind the counter, as an imaginative slideshow is displayed over his question.
Steven says: "For your consideration..."
Steven says: "The koala, a marsupial from the forests of Australia, and the sloth, hailing from the forests of South America."
Steven says: "Who should be crowned the king of the "Hanging Around Doing Nothing" mammals!"
Steven says: "?"
Sadie says: "I think sloths eat poop."
Lars says: "Gross."
Steven says: "Well, that's definitely going to affect the rankings."
Lars says: "Eating poop would be better than this."
Sadie says: "*snickers* Just, let him do his thing."
Lars says: "So glad I don't have to deal with this tomorrow."
Sadie says: "Oh, yeah, they're closing shop to get those gulls out of the vents."
Sadie says: "Any plans?"
Lars says: "Nah."
Sadie says: "Would you..."
Sadie says: "want to come by my place?"
Sadie says: "I know it's kind of..."
Sadie says: "been awhile, but we could get some food, watch some movies."
Lars says: "Nah."
Lars says: "Sounds boring."
Lars says: "I'll see if Buck wants to do stuff."
Sadie says: "*slightly dismayed* Well, I hope you guys have fun together."
Lars says: "Yeah."
Lars says: "We will."
Sadie and Lars suddenly remember Steven is still here.
Sadie says: "Hey, Steven?"
Sadie says: "You're staring a little bit."
Steven says: "*staring intently with widened eyes, and whispers* No, I'm not."
Trans. Ext. The Big Donut.
Steven and Lars exit the Big Donut, as Lars starts locking the door.
Steven says: "Hey, Lars?"
Steven says: "why didn't you want to hang out with Sadie?"
Lars says: "*grunts* I see her at work."
Lars says: "Why do I need to see her on my day off?"
Steven says: "But aren't you going to get married, and have kids, and name one of them after his uncle Steven?"
Lars says: "Oh, let me think..."
Lars says: "No!"
Lars says: "Me and Sadie aren't getting married."
Lars says: "We aren't even dating."
Lars says: "And if she thinks we are, that's her problem."
Steven says: "You're lying!"
Steven says: "I know how you feel about Sadie."
Lars says: "You don't know what you're talking about, so butt out!"
Lars says: "*walks off* Go annoy someone else!"
Lars says: "You little weirdo."
Steven says: "Why can't you just admit you love her?!"
Steven says: "!"
Trans. Int. Beach House, Night-time.
Steven is sleeping in his bed, tossing and turning restlessly..
Steven says: "*mumbles in his sleep* Lars."
Steven enters his dreamscape and sees Lars floating alone in the darkness.
Steven says: "Lars?"
Steven says: "You don't need to be such a jerk all the time."
Lars turns around and Steven unwillingly speeds up towards him, seemingly colliding into Lars.
Steven says: "Aah!"
Trans. Int. Lars' Room, Morning.
Lars is then seen suddenly waking up with a magazine on his face.
Lars Steven.
Aah! Huh? *takes the magazine off his face* Wha? Whoa. Wait a minute.
Lars Steven.
This isn't the temple. *looks at himself* This isn't my voice! Whoa- I'm Lars!?
Steven then realized he is inside Lars' body, and he gets up in shock and notices himself in the mirror.
Lars Steven.
Ooh-ho-ho-ho-ho! *whimpers and covers his eyes* I'm naked! I must've jumped into Lars' mind. I guess while I'm in here, I'd better do my best to respect Lars' body... And his privacy.
Lars Steven dresses himself up and heads downstairs of his house, when he heard voices into the kitchen.
Martha says: "No."
Martha says: "We can do this, Dante."
Martha says: "We have to talk to him."
Lars Steven.
Hi, there.
Dante and Martha, revealing to be Lars' parents, turn around and notice Lars Steven.
Dante says: "Oh, there's our boy."
Dante says: "How are you feeling?"
Lars Steven sits down at the table.
Lars Steven.
Uh... taller?
Martha places Lars' breakfast down in front of him.
Martha says: "Here you go."
Martha says: "Oh, it's good to see you this morning, Laramie."
Lars Steven.
Martha says: "*shocked* I mean..."
Martha says: "Lars."
Martha sits down next to Dante at the table.
Dante says: "Now, Lars, we know school is a touchy subject, but we need to talk about this."
Dante shows Lars Steven his grade report, and Lars Steven reads the grades on the report literally.
Lars Steven.
Martha says: "Please, Lars."
Martha says: "*holds hands with Dante* We let you move into the attic, and your grades are still below average."
Martha says: "All we're asking from you is..."
Dante says: "A little effort!"
Martha says: "A little effort!"
Lars Steven.
Martha and Dante sit in shock, as Lars Steven gets up and leaves.
Dante says: "Wow!"
Dante says: "He didn't even swear."
Martha says: "And he's wearing the plugs I got him."
Martha and Dante embrace each other.
Trans. Int. Beach City.
Lars Steven strolls along the streets, talking to himself in delight.
Lars Steven.
I'm Lars. *chuckles* I'm Lars, I'm Lars, I'm LAAAAARRRS~!
Lars Steven notices Onion standing behind him, seemingly creeped out.
Lars Steven.
Hey, Onion? Look, I'm Lars.
Onion, still creeped out, gives Lars Steven a thumbs-up, and Lars Steven strolls away.
Lars Steven.
Lars Steven then sees Buck and Sour Cream leaning against the back of a building.
Lars Steven.
Hey, it's Buck and Sour Cream! *waves at the duo* Hi, guys!
Buck and Sour Cream look at each other briefly, as Lars Steven approaches them.
Lars Steven.
Whatcha doing? Hanging out?
Buck says: "Yeah."
Lars Steven.
That's cool. Would you say you hang out more like koalas or sloths? Uh, I'm asking for Steven.
Buck says: "I like that kid."
Sour Cream nods his head in approval.
Lars Steven.
Yeah, he's the best. *chuckles to himself*.
Buck says: "Tell Steven we're more like sleeping tigers."
Lars Steven.
Okay. Then I'll be a panther. *growls*.
Buck and Sour Cream smile, when they see Jenny coming out from the back door of the building.
Jenny says: "Oh."
Jenny says: "Hey, Lars."
Lars Steven.
Hi, Jenny.
Jenny says: "Ugh."
Jenny says: "Dad made me work this morning."
Jenny says: "Now I stink like pizza and fish."
Lars Steven.
You don't stink.
Jenny says: "Lars?!"
Jenny says: "!"
Jenny says: "What a nice thing to say!"
Lars Steven.
I can say way nicer stuff. Like you're really cool and pretty and fun to be around.
Jenny says: "*laughs* Lars, this is so unlike you."
Buck says: "I see what's going on here."
Lars Steven.
Buck says: "This isn't the Lars we know."
Buck says: "*approaches Lars * Maybe Lars is actually..."
Buck says: "A good guy who likes making people feel good."
Lars Steven.
Yep, you got me.
Buck says: "That's the kind of vibe I want on our dance crew."
Lars Steven.
Buck says: "Buck is pleased."
Jenny says: "Can he dance, though?"
Lars Steven.
Can I?!
Lars Steven starts breaking out a few moves while humming to himself.
Jenny says: "Whoa!"
Jenny says: "Lars got moves!"
Lars Steven.
Whoo.
Buck says: "We going to a dance competition and we need you."
Buck says: "Come with us!"
Lars Steven.
Trans. Ext. Miller Residence.
Lars Steven heads towards Sadie's home, knocks on her front door and clicks the doorbell.
Sadie says: "Okay, okay."
Sadie says: "*opens the door* Geez, hold your horses."
Sadie walks out, wearing a bathrobe, and is shocked to see Lars Steven at her doorstep.
Lars Steven.
Still want to hang out?
Sadie says: "Well, if it ain't the human boomerang; always coming back to me."
Lars Steven looks behind him, thinking Sadie is referring to someone else, and then looks back at Sadie with sad puppy eyes, realizing she means Lars.
Sadie says: "Look, sorry."
Sadie says: "I was going to watch a movie if-if you wanna?"
Sadie says: "I don't -- I don't know."
Sadie says: "*chuckles nervously* N-Nothing fancy."
Lars Steven.
I don't need anything fancy.
Sadie says: "*chuckles* Just get in here."
Sadie says: "Are those hearts in your ears?"
Trans. Int. Sadie's Bedroom.
Sadies leads Lars Steven into her bedroom, turns off her bathrobe, revealing a gothic-like shirt, and drops it on her plush pile.
Sadie says: "There's a bunch of stuff down there you probably haven't seen yet."
Sadie says: "*flops onto the plush pile* Take your pick."
Lars Steven.
Sadie says: "I keep telling you, that's the good one."
Lars Steven.
How about this? *holds out a movie box to Sadie* "Fangs of Love.".
Sadie says: "*unamused* I think I'd rather have my organs pickled."
Lars Steven and Sadie watch "Fangs of Love" together in the dark.
Male Werewolf TV.
And you love me? Even like this?
Female Werewolf TV.
I dooooooooo!
The movie ends as the female werewolf kisses the male werewolf, both howling together.
Sadie says: "*laughs* Didn't I try to warn you?"
Lars Steven.
Sadie says: "Hey?"
Sadie says: "*grabs a tissue box* What is with you tonight, huh?"
Lars Steven.
Sadie says: "Look, It's like yesterday I asked if you wanted to come over, but you made a big deal, saying "no" in front of Steven."
Sadie says: "And now, you're here..."
Sadie says: "?"
Sadie says: "It's just, it's getting to be kind of a roller coaster, isn't it?"
Lars Steven.
Sadie says: "*sighs* It's like you're one way in private and a different way in public."
Sadie says: "You act like I don't know you don't want to be seen with me, but I do know."
Sadie says: "I'm not stupid."
Lars Steven.
Don't be sad.
Lars Steven puts his hand on Sadie's shoulder, but she quickly pulls her away.
Sadie says: "It's just, I need to know."
Sadie says: "How do you really feel about me?"
Lars Steven thinks for a bit and grins widely, spotting the perfect moment.
Lars Steven.
Isn't it obvious?
Sadie looks back at Lars Steven, creeped out by his remark.
Lars Steven.
I love you!
Sadie says: "Ugh!"
Sadie says: "*quickly jumps off her bed* What are you doing?!"
Sadie says: "!"
Lars Steven.
Finally telling you.
Sadie says: "*gets angry* NGH!"
Sadie says: "ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!"
Sadie says: "!"
Sadie says: "All right, I get it."
Sadie says: "I see how it is."
Sadie says: "Some cute little heart gauges, some dumb, fluffy movie, "That's enough for Sadie!"
Sadie says: "" Right, Lars?"
Lars Steven.
Sadie says: "Get."
Sadie says: "Out."
Trans. Ext. Miller Residence.
Sadie shoves Lars Steven out of her house.
Lars Steven.
Stop, you're hurting me!
Sadie says: "Good!"
Lars Steven.
You don't understand!
Sadie says: "I understand enough!"
Sadie says: "You're only my friend when it's convenient for you."
Sadie says: "*bangs on her door in anger* Just get out of my life!"
Lars Steven.
Sadie says: "What!"
Sadie says: "?"
Lars Steven.
I'm... Steven. I just woke up this morning with my mind in Lars' body. *leans against Sadie's door* Ugh! I didn't mean to hurt your feelings like this. I'm sorry.
Sadie opens the door calmly.
Sadie says: "Okay, maybe you are Steven."
Sadie says: "Lars would never apologize to me."
Sadie says: "Wait!"
Sadie says: "..."
Sadie says: "So does this mean Lars' mind is inside your body?"
Lars Steven.
I don't know.
Sadie says: "You don't know!"
Sadie says: "?"
Lars Steven.
Sadie says: "Ya think?!"
Sadie says: "!"
Trans. Int. Beach City.
The Cool Kids are seen strolling down a street, with Sour Cream holding a silver trophy.
Jenny says: "At least we got second place."
The Cool Kids then spot Lars Steven and Sadie running past them.
Jenny says: "Hey, look, it's Lars and Doughnut Girl."
Further down the street at the boardwalk, Martha and Dante are seen holding hands and eating ice creams.
Martha says: "It seems like Lars is really turning a corner."
Dante says: "Oh, speak of the Devil."
Martha and Dante also spot Lars Steven and Sadie running past.
Dante says: "Where's he going?"
Dante says: "Who's that girl?"
Martha says: "Let's follow him and find out."
Dante says: "Oh, Martha!"
Martha and Dante, followed by the Cool Kids, begin chasing after Lars Steven and Sadie.
Trans. Ext. Beach House.
Lars Steven and Sadie make their way up to the door of Steven's house. Lars Steven then tries to open the door with no luck.
Lars Steven.
It's locked!
Lars Steven tries to open the door by ramming into it, but fails and falls backwards. Sadie kicks at the door, breaking it open, and the duo enters the house. Lars' parents and the Cool Kids watch on from the beach in horror and confusion.
Jenny says: "Why are they breaking into Steven's house?"
Martha says: "Our Lars; A burglar."
Dante says: "*embraces Martha* Now, now, you know we've been ready for this day."
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Lars Steven and Sadie run up to Steven, still asleep in his bed.
Sadie says: "There you are!"
Sadie says: "How do you switch back?"
Lars' parents and the Cool Kids then enter Steven's house through the broken door.
Buck says: "This looks weird, but don't jump to conclusions."
The group gasps in horror, as they witness Lars Steven shaking and slapping Steven, in an attempt to wake him up.
Lars Steven.
Come on, wake up!
Lars Steven eventually slap Steven hard enough, and Steven's mind immediately jumps back into his body. Steven slowly wakes up and sees a disoriented and drooling Lars on top of him, causing him to scream in shock. Lars grunts as his eyes roll backwards and collapses off the edge of the bedroom, but Sadie manages to catch him but he does. Dante then runs up the steps first, followed by the others.
Dante says: "What's going on!"
Dante says: "?"
Lars says: "Mmm..."
Lars says: "*slowly gets up* Huh?"
Lars says: "Sadie?"
Lars says: "*notices everyone and gasps in shock* How did I get here?"
Lars says: "What are you all doing here!"
Lars says: "?"
Sadie says: "Lars, don't get mad."
Lars says: "*turns to Sadie* Huh?!"
Lars says: "!"
Lars says: "*turns to Steven with fury* You!"
Lars says: "What did you do?!"
Lars says: "!"
The Cool Kids rush in front of Lars in defense of Steven.
Steven says: "*nervously* I..."
Steven says: "spent the day..."
Steven says: "with my mind..."
Steven says: "in your body."
Lars' eyes widen and he gasps and screams loudly in shock and disgust.
Jenny says: "Whoa."
Jenny says: "Where's your chill?"
Buck says: "Buck is no longer pleased."
Martha says: "*to Steven* I'm so sorry."
Martha says: "He wasn't like this this morning."
Lars says: "I was acting weird all day and you all just LIKED IT?!"
Lars says: "!"
Lars says: "?!"
Lars says: "!"
Dante says: "Please don't make a scene, Laramie."
Lars takes a deep breath, seemingly trying to calm down, but then screams loudly at the top of his lungs.
Trans. Int. The Big Donut.
Steven peeks through the front window, concerned, and then enters the shop.
Steven says: "Hey, Lars?"
Lars is laying face-down on the counter with his arms over the edge, motionless.
Steven says: "Um..."
Steven says: "I'm really, really sorry about yesterday."
Steven says: "I got you a card, it's got a koala and a sloth."
Steven holds out a card reading "Hang In There!". Lars takes the card and tears it in half without even looking up.
Steven says: "*saddened* I hope I didn't ruin your friendship with Sadie."
Lars says: "With Sadie!"
Lars says: "?"
Lars says: "*gets up in shock* Ohh..."
Lars says: "What did you say to her?"
Steven says: "I said you loved her."
Lars falls over and quickly pokes his head above the counter.
Lars says: "A-And what did she say?"
Steven says: "She thought you'd only say something like that to hurt her."
Lars says: "Yeah..."
Lars says: "I guess she's right."
Lars says: "Maybe that's why everyone liked the you me better than the real me."
Steven says: "Not everyone."
The doorbell then rings, and Sadie enters.
Sadie says: "Uh, hey."
Lars says: "Hey!"
Lars runs up to Sadie, and the two look away awkwardly for a brief moment.
Sadie says: "Weird day yesterday, huh?"
Lars says: "Ugh."
Lars says: "Everyday in Beach City is weird."
Lars says: "That's why I hate it here."
Sadie says: "*smiles* It's good to see the real you."
Lars says: "Yeah?"
Lars says: "U-Uh you should come over later, you know, bring a movie to watch or something."
Sadie says: "Ha, okay!"
Lars says: "Awesome."
Steven smiles as the two remain as friends. The star iris then closes on Steven, ending the episode.
Episode ends.