Open Int. Beach House.
It is snowing heavily outside. Steven is watching the snow through the window from inside the house.
Steven says: "It's amazing."
Steven says: "The snow just keeps falling and falling!"
Steven says: "I'm glad you're staying here with us, Dad."
Steven walks over to join Greg and the Gems lounging around the living room.
Greg says: "Yeah, me too buddy."
Greg says: "It's way too cold to stay in the van during this blizzard."
Greg says: "Besides, the heater in the van hasn't worked since I got that sweet mini disk player installed."
Greg says: "Which I do not regret."
Steven says: "I've never seen it snow like this before."
Garnet says: "That's not entirely true."
Steven says: "Really?"
Pearl says: "You mean back when- *starts laughing* That was about fourteen years ago."
Pearl says: "There was a snowstorm happening just like this around then."
Steven says: "Fourteen years..."
Steven says: "Hey, I'm fourteen years!"
Greg says: "That's right, little man."
Greg says: "You were only a few months old and it was snowing so hard, I thought we were going to become "Snowman" and "Snowman Jr."
Greg says: ", son of Snowman."
Pearl gets up to heat a kettle of water on the stove, while Greg continues talking.
Greg says: "But Vidalia was out of town visiting family, so she let us crash at her place for a while."
Steven says: "*suddenly shouts* DAAAAD!"
Greg says: "I'm not that far away Steven."
Steven says: "Don't forget our..."
Steven says: "arrangement."
Greg says: "Good gravy."
Greg reaches for his guitar when Pearl returns.
Steven says: "That's what you get for teaching me to love music!"
Greg says: "Luckily, I have a song for this story already."
Greg begins to play "I Could Never Be Ready", singing about the struggles that he faced while raising baby Steven alone.
Flashback; Trans. Int. Vidalia's house.
Greg says: "♪ I could never be, / I could never be, / I could never be ready for this."
Greg rushed through the heavy snowstorm into the house, holding groceries and baby Steven. He looked at the baby swaddle and was shocked to see bread inside, but became relieved to find Baby Steven in the grocery bag instead.
Greg says: "♪ I could never be, / I could never be,."
Greg says: "I could never be ready."
Greg ate a sandwich while boiling a baby bottle. Baby Steven grabbed onto his hair, distracting Greg as the water boiled over the pot to his shock. He quickly dropped his sandwich and moved the pot away from the stove.
Greg brought baby Steven over to the couch with the baby bottle and began bottle-feeding him. Greg started feeling cold and used his foot to turn on a heater nearby.
Greg says: "♪ I could never be, / I could never be, / I could never be ready."
As the song concludes, baby Steven finished his bottle, yawned and went to sleep. Greg set the bottle on the table and noticed a photo of Vidalia, Yellowtail, and young Sour Cream. He looked at it in somber as he began to fall asleep on the couch as well.
Time passed. The snowstorm outside seemed to worsen. Baby Steven and Greg are still sleeping when baby Steven suddenly started crying and struggling in his swaddle, waking up Greg as well.
Greg says: "Hey, schtu-ball."
Greg says: "You doing a lot of dancing in there."
Greg says: "You wanna get out of there and show me your moves?"
Baby Steven continued crying and struggling around, until his swaddle unraveled and his onesie unbuttoned.
Greg says: "Hey now."
Greg says: "You unbuttoned all your buttons I buttoned up."
Greg says: "*blows a raspberry at baby Steven, causing him to laugh* Let's get you buttoned back up."
Greg says: "*lies baby Steven down and buttons his onesie back up* Ookie pookie."
Greg says: "There."
Baby Steven cooed uncomfortable and unbuttoned his onesie again himself, exposing his gemstone.
Greg says: "Huh- What?"
Greg says: "Does your..."
Greg says: "gem need to breathe?"
Baby Steven's gemstone shimmered.
Greg says: "Hmm..."
Greg says: "How about..."
Greg says: "this?"
Greg buttoned up the top buttons, leaving an unbuttoned area in middle to expose baby Steven's gemstone. Baby Steven cooed in delight, when there was a knocking at the door. Greg opened the door and found Garnet, Amethyst, and Pearl outside, each holding gift boxes.
Greg says: "Oh!"
Greg says: "Um, heyyy ya'll."
Garnet says: "Hello."
Amethyst says: "Yo Greg, check it out!"
Amethyst says: "We brought gifts for little Rose!"
Garnet says: "*sets her hand over Amethyst's head* Amethyst."
Garnet says: "We've gone over this."
Garnet says: "Steven is a..."
Amethyst says: "*sadly*..."
Amethyst says: "Human baby."
Garnet says: "And Steven is..."
Amethyst says: "Not Rose."
Greg let the Crystal Gems entered the house and closed the front door.
Greg says: "Can I get you guys anything?"
Greg says: "We've got water, old..."
Greg says: "plates."
Greg says: "Uh..."
Greg says: "how about some tea?"
Pearl says: "*coldly* No."
Pearl says: "We're just here to drop off these gifts."
Greg says: "Right."
Greg says: "Sure."
Garnet says: "*hands her box to baby Steven* Here you go."
Baby Steven cooed in joy.
Greg says: "You'll probably have to open that up for him."
Garnet says: "It's just a box made to look like it's been carefully wrapped."
Garnet says: "*opens the lid of the box* Ta-da!"
The inside of the box revealed to be a razor and Greg quickly swiped it away.
Greg says: "Whoa!"
Greg says: "Thanks Garnet, but I don't think he needs this."
Garnet says: "Oh, he'll need it."
Garnet says: "In the future."
Amethyst says: "Let's open mine next!"
Greg says: "Wow!"
Greg says: "Diapers!"
Greg says: "This is so practical!"
Greg says: "Wait!"
Greg says: "Are these adult diapers?"
Greg says: "They're way too big for him."
Amethyst says: "So tell him to make himself bigger."
Amethyst says: "You can do that!"
Amethyst says: "Right, Little Greg?"
Greg says: "You can call him "Steven"."
Greg says: "That's the name Rose and I liked the most."
Pearl says: "Well, whatever you call him, you'll need this."
Greg says: "Uh, thanks."
Greg says: "*takes the gift* This some kind of kid's book?"
Greg says: "*tears it open* Oh."
Greg says: "A dictionary."
Pearl says: "Obviously, it's the best gift for a being that can't yet communicate."
Greg says: "Well, maybe you guys could use it to look up what a baby is."
Greg says: "These gifts are great, but Steven's just too young for this stuff."
Greg says: "Nowadays he's really into this."
Greg says: "*holds out a set of car keys and jiggles it around* ♪ Carabiner!"
Greg says: "Carabiner!"
Baby Steven starts giggling in joy.
Amethyst says: "Whoa, he loves it!"
Amethyst says: "*takes the keys and jiggles it* Hey little..."
Amethyst says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "Hmm."
Pearl says: "He's certainly captivated with those things."
Garnet says: "Well next time, we'll just bring a big box of keys for Steven."
Baby Steven kept giggling and his gemstone began to glow, gaining everyone's attention.
Amethyst says: "Whoa!"
Greg gasped in surprise.
Garnet says: "Ooh!"
Pearl says: "Wha!"
Pearl says: "?"
Greg says: "What's happening to him?!"
Greg says: "!"
Garnet says: "It's..."
Garnet says: "Rose!"
Pearl says: "Is that possible?"
Greg says: "Is he gonna turn into a laser?!"
Greg says: "!"
Amethyst says: "Relax, y'all, I got it all figured out."
Amethyst says: "Rose is trying to shapeshift back to her old self!"
Greg says: "What?!"
Greg says: "!"
Pearl says: "She can't shapeshift, because she's trapped in a baby!"
Greg says: "Trapped in a baby?!"
Greg says: "!"
Pearl says: "Rose?"
Pearl says: "Rose, it's me, it's Pearl."
Pearl says: "Are you in there?"
Pearl says: "Glow twice for yes."
Steven giggled as he grabbed Pearl's nose.
Pearl says: "Baby, please."
Pearl says: "I'm trying to talk to Rose."
Garnet says: "Rose hasn't shapeshifted, and she isn't trapped."
Garnet says: "Steven is a fusion."
Garnet says: "Rose could be trying to unfuse."
Greg says: "Whatever Steven is, something's happening, and I- What can I do to help?"
Pearl says: "Well, what do you do with a human baby when it glows?"
Greg says: "First off, human babies don't glow."
Greg says: "And letter number B..."
Greg says: "What if they do?!"
Greg says: "!"
Greg says: "Okay."
Greg says: "Vidalia has some books on babies I've been reading."
Greg says: "They'll help us figure something out."
Greg entered the kitchen to retrieve Vidalia's guide book.
Pearl says: "Well, what do you do with a human baby when it glows?"
Greg says: "Calm down."
Greg says: "You got this."
Greg says: "Guys, if this is anything like a fever, then we should..."
Greg returned to help the Gems, and baby Steven, gone, and the front door left wide open.
Greg says: "Uh..."
Greg says: "Guys?"
Greg says: "Guys?!"
Greg says: "!"
The flashback abruptly returns back to the present.
Steven says: "You kidnapped me!"
Steven says: "?"
Amethyst says: "Eeeeeyep!"
Garnet says: "Some of our actions were a bit regrettable."
Pearl says: "At the time, we thought it'd be better to handle things our way."
Amethyst says: "Nah, we straight-up 'napped you."
Back in the flashback, Pearl started up Greg's Van and drove off with it. Greg walked outside with a blanket and began to give chase.
Greg says: "Steven!"
Greg says: "My van!"
Greg says: "Give me back my babies!"
Amethyst says: "*looking back in the passenger seat* He looks mad."
Pearl says: "He'll thank us later."
Garnet says: "*holding baby Steven* Greg was doing his best up to this point."
Garnet says: "But the situation has changed."
Garnet says: "Steven is clearly a Gem."
Amethyst says: "Good thing we left without any explanation."
The van began driving out of town.
Amethyst says: "All right, Rose."
Amethyst says: "*approaches baby Steven* We saw that glow."
Amethyst says: "So why are you still a baby?"
Amethyst says: "Is it..."
Amethyst says: "really fun or something?"
Amethyst says: "*shapeshifts into a baby* Garnet."
Amethyst says: "Hold me."
Garnet holds Amethyst in her other hand.
Amethyst says: "All right, I get it."
Amethyst says: "This rules."
Amethyst says: "But it's been so long, like months!"
Amethyst says: "*shapeshifts back to normal* That's longer than I was a toilet!"
Amethyst says: "C'mon, Rose!"
Amethyst says: "You have to change back!"
Amethyst says: "*shapeshifts back and forth between her normal form to baby* Baby, normal!"
Amethyst says: "Baby, normal!"
Amethyst says: "Baby..."
Baby Steven giggled in joy as Amethyst shapeshifted back and forth.
Amethyst says: "Mmm..."
Amethyst says: "it's so easy!"
Amethyst says: "Why can't she do it?"
Garnet says: "Because it's not shapeshifting, it's fusion."
The van drove to the outskirts of the town.
Garnet says: "Steven, I understand Greg is part of you and you don't want to unfuse in front of him."
Garnet says: "That would be very rude."
Garnet says: "But he's not here now."
Garnet says: "It's just us!"
Garnet says: "You can take a little break."
Garnet says: "Here, I will too!"
Garnet handed baby Steven to Amethyst and unfused into Ruby and Sapphire. Baby Steven, suddenly confused and frightened by Garnet's sudden disappearance, began to cry. Ruby and Sapphire looked at each other in surprise, and they quickly fused back into Garnet.
Garnet says: "I'm here!"
Garnet says: "You know me!"
Garnet says: "You know them, too!"
Garnet says: "*sits down in sorrow* I don't understand!"
Pearl then decided to stop the van at the roadside, while Greg continued to chase after his van from far behind.
Greg says: "Steven!"
Greg says: "Steven!"
Greg says: "How am I gonna catch up with them?"
Greg looked over at a snowy hill, where a younger Jenny and Buck were playing on a sled and a dog nearby.
Greg says: "Dog."
Greg says: "Sled."
Greg says: "Dog."
Greg says: "Sled."
Greg says: "Dog sled."
Greg says: "Hey!"
Greg says: "Hey, you kids!"
Back in the van, Baby Steven was still crying. Pearl turned off the van engine and went into the back, joining the other Gems.
Pearl says: "Everyone calm down."
Pearl says: "*picks up baby Steven* Look."
Pearl says: "We can all see her."
Pearl says: "She's right there!"
Pearl says: "She just can't reform because..."
Pearl says: "she has this..."
Pearl says: "baby around her."
Pearl says: "Rose, I know you're in there."
Pearl says: "I can let you out."
Pearl says: "We'll be..."
Pearl says: "together..."
Pearl says: "again."
Pearl reached her hand towards baby Steven's gemstone, ready to pull it out of baby Steven's navel, when he suddenly began laughing, startling Pearl.
Pearl says: "I can't."
Pearl says: "*starts tearing up* I can't!"
Pearl says: "She wanted this so much."
Pearl says: "I just..."
Pearl says: "don't..."
Pearl says: "understand..."
Pearl says: "why!"
Pearl says: "Everything should grow, and everything should change, and isn't it so great how it comes so naturally to humans?"
Pearl says: "Well, it's not natural for us!"
Pearl says: "It's not natural..."
Pearl says: "for me."
Garnet says: "It will be, for him."
The Gems stood in a somber silence.
Amethyst says: "..."
Amethyst says: "What about Rose?"
Garnet says: "This isn't about Rose."
Garnet says: "From now on, everything has to be about Steven."
Barking and screaming were then heard outside, as Greg was seen being chased by the dog from earlier, with the sled tied to it.
Greg says: "Help!"
Greg says: "Help!"
Garnet opened the back door of the van, and Greg jumped in.
Greg says: "Ugh, thanks."
Greg says: "*looks at Pearl, still holding baby Steven* Hey, wait a minute!"
Greg says: "Why did you take Steven on a joyride in the middle of a blizzard?"
Greg says: "*takes back baby Steven* What's the big idea?"
Amethyst says: "It wasn't really a big idea..."
Amethyst says: "Just a bunch of small ideas that never came together."
Garnet says: "My apologies, Greg."
Garnet says: "We thought we knew what Steven was, but we didn't."
Greg says: "Honestly, I'm not sure if I do, either."
Greg says: "I never glowed when I was a kid."
Pearl says: "We never were kids."
Baby Steven cooed and tugged on Greg's blanket.
Greg says: "I don't know how we're gonna figure this out, but I think we'll have a better shot if we do it together."
Everyone smiled as they looked at baby Steven, and the flashback concludes. Back to the present, the kettle starts whistling, and Pearl heads back to the kitchen to retrieve it.
Steven says: "Wow."
Steven says: "You guys were wrong about everything."
Pearl says: "Well, that was a- Haha, really long time ago, wasn't it?"
Amethyst says: "Cut us some slack, will ya?"
Garnet says: "*takes off her visors* We couldn't have known what to do."
Garnet says: "Even me."
Greg says: "Especially me."
Steven says: "No, I mean, about changing and growing."
Pearl hands a mug of tea to Greg. She picks up the tea bag and gives it to Amethyst to eat.
Steven says: "And how it doesn't come naturally to you?"
Steven says: "But look at you now!"
Steven says: "I know you'll never stop missing Mom, but I bet she would've loved this."
Steven says: "I do."
Everyone else says: "Hear, hear!"
Pearl says: "It wasn't such a big deal when that teenage girl kidnapped Steven."
Greg says: "That was his babysitter."
Greg says: "She took him to the park!"
Greg says: "You really scared her when you threw that jungle gym at her."
Everyone laughs as the star iris closes on the exterior of the Beach House, ending the episode.
END.