Open Int. Abandoned Warehouse.
A wrestling match is ongoing inside of the warehouse. A crowd is cheering while Mr. Smiley is emceeing, as Purple Puma and Tiger Millionaire take on Shark-O-Mania.
Mr. Smiley says: "They're the team you love to hate, but also hate to love!"
Lars says: "I love wrestling!"
Purple Puma and Tiger Millionaire attack Shark-O-Mania off-screen, knocking him into a daze.
Mr. Smiley says: "Ooh, another devastating move by Purple Puma and Tiger Millionaire tonight folks!"
Mr. Smiley says: "Looks like Shark-O-Mania is seeing starfish after that last one!"
Steven says: "Let's finish him off with our special move!"
Amethyst says: "Yeah, why not?"
Steven says: "Take my hand!"
Purple Puma grabs Tiger Millionaire's hand and spins him in the air.
Mr. Smiley says: "Here it comes, ya'll!"
Mr. Smiley says: "The PURPLE MILLIONAIRE KICK!"
Purple Puma swings Tiger Millionaire around and he kicks Shark-O Mania in the face, knocking him down onto his back.
Mr. Smiley says: "And Shark-O-Mania's out cold."
Mr. Smiley says: "Somebody put that fish on ice before it stinks up the joint!"
Purple Puma, seemingly in solemn, gazes down at Shark-O Mania on the ground, and then at the cheering crowd.
Mr. Smiley says: "Folks, Tiger Millionaire and Purple Puma have done it again!"
Mr. Smiley says: "They are still your tag team champions!"
Mr. Smiley says: "Will their special brand of jungle terror ever come to an end?"
The crowd cheers on loudly, including Lars.
Lars says: "Yeah!"
Lars says: "Don't ever stop!"
Steven says: "Tiger Millionaire and Purple Puma forever!"
Mr. Smiley says: "Such dedication to teamwork!"
Mr. Smiley says: "And friendship- Wha!"
Mr. Smiley says: "?"
Purple Puma climbs out of the wrestling ring and swipes away Mr. Smiley microphone.
Amethyst says: "*sighs* Hey, it's been fun, but..."
Amethyst says: "I'm over this."
The crowd gasps in shock, and goes silent.
Steven says: "Wha- What's going on?"
Amethyst says: "I'm through with this place!"
Amethyst says: "Here's your belt back."
Mr. Smiley says: "Hey now, that mic is expensive!"
Purple Puma removes her tag team belt around her waist and drops it on the ground too.
Mr. Smiley says: "Oh, no, you're just gonna do that and leave?!"
Mr. Smiley says: "!"
Tiger Millionaire runs over and picks up the belt and the microphone, as he watches Purple Puma leave the warehouse.
Steven says: "Uh, sorry everyone."
Steven says: "I guess..."
Steven says: "this is over."
Steven says: "Bye, Mr."
Steven says: "Smiley: (Tiger Millionaire returns the microphone back to Mr."
Steven says: "Smiley and follows after Purple Puma."
Steven says: "The crowd begins protesting and booing."
Mr. Smiley says: "What an unbelievable shame, folks."
Lars says: "What!"
Lars says: "That's it?!"
Lars says: "!"
Lars says: "You can't quit now!"
Mr. Smiley says: "What a sad and anti-climatic end to one of the greatest tag team careers to ever grace the squared surface."
The warehouse door closes behind Purple Puma and Tiger Millionaire, and Purple Puma shapeshifts back into her normal form.
Amethyst says: "Aaahh..."
Amethyst says: "!"
Amethyst says: "Got my Saturday night spank."
Steven says: "Did you really mean what you said?"
Steven says: "About being through with wrestling?"
Amethyst says: "Come on, Steven."
Amethyst says: "Wasn't that match kinda boring?"
Amethyst says: "Pfft, we don't need wrestling to have fun anymore, right?"
Steven says: "Uh, right!"
Amethyst says: "Yeah!"
Amethyst says: "Let's go home and get some grub."
Tiger Millionaire looks at the belt that Purple Puma dropped in slight dismay.
Trans. Int. The Big Donut, The Next Day.
Steven walks into the Big Donut to get some donuts.
Steven says: "Hey Sadie, hey Lars!"
Steven says: "Can I get the special?"
Lars, face-down on the counter, drops Steven's order on the counter without saying a word.
Steven says: "*picks up his order* Uhh..."
Steven lifts up Lars' head, revealing his distressed face.
Lars says: "*groaning* Tiger..."
Steven yells in shock and lets off of Lars' head, flopping it back on the counter.
Lars says: "..."
Lars says: "He left wrestling at the height of his career!"
Lars says: "*groaning* Why..."
Lars says: "?"
Sadie says: "Huh, why don't you just ask Steven?"
Lars says: "You and your theory."
Lars says: "Steven is not Tiger!"
Lars says: "Tiger's ripped and like seven feet tall!"
Steven says: "Well..."
Steven says: "I heard Purple Puma didn't want to do it anymore: Lars: So what!"
Steven says: "?"
Steven says: "Just because Purple Puma quit doesn't mean Tiger had to."
Steven says: "*gets pensive* I also heard Tiger didn't think of that."
Lars says: "Well, he shoulda."
Lars says: "It's the least he could do for his fans."
Steven says: "Hmm..."
Sadie says: "O-uh."
Sadie says: "It is him, right?"
Trans. Ext. Abandoned Warehouse, Night-time.
Steven runs towards the warehouse, wearing a shawl, as another wrestling match is occurring.
Mr. Smiley says: "Now I know these days we are in a depression."
Mr. Smiley says: "But underground wrestling is too big to fade."
Mr. Smiley says: "We got two new fighters on loan and they are here to collect."
Mr. Smiley says: "Ladies and gentlemen, The Wolves of Wallstreet!"
The crowd cheers as two wrestlers, similar in theme of Purple Puma and Tiger Millionaire, but as wolves, are seen on the wrestling ring.
Billy Bank Assets says: "We'll huff!"
Billy Bank Assets says: "We'll puff!"
Billy Bank Assets says: "And we'll blow your stocks down!"
Lars says: "What a ripoff."
Steven bursts through the warehouse door and jumps to the ring.
Mr. Smiley says: "What's this?"
Mr. Smiley says: "It looks like we have a new challenger making his way into the ring."
Mr. Smiley says: "What mystery could possibly lie beneath that identity-concealing shawl?"
Steven, dressed as Tiger Millionaire, removes his shawl, and his wrestling theme begins to play.
Mr. Smiley says: "I don't believe!"
Mr. Smiley says: "Tiger Millionaire, ladies and gentlemen!"
Lars chokes on his drink in surprise, and the crowd cheers on in shock too. Tiger Millionaire then picks the microphone.
Steven says: "You are wrong Mr."
Steven says: "Smiley."
Steven says: "Tiger Millionaire, is gone forever."
Steven says: "He retired to his huge pile of money."
Steven says: "But he realized it didn't make him happy."
Steven says: "So here I am ready to give back to the fans."
Steven says: "Tiger Philanthropist!"
Tiger Philanthropist rips off his tie and starts throwing money to a very excited crowd. Sadie is confused while Lars is unamused.
Mr. Smiley says: "So the millionaire becomes a philanthropist."
Mr. Smiley says: "A person who gives money away!"
Mr. Smiley says: "But I ask you."
Mr. Smiley says: "Can the Purple Puma's backup make it solo?"
Steven says: "Bring it on!"
The crowd cheers as Tiger Philanthropist prepares to face Billy Bank Assets.
Steven says: "Hey, tough boy!"
Steven says: "You need a loan to start a small business?"
Billy Bank Assets says: "Oh."
Steven says: "'Cause you've just been approved."
Tiger charges at Billy with an elbow strike and knocks him down.
Mr. Smiley says: "Oh my dang!"
Mr. Smiley says: "Billy Bank Assets just got a taste of the Philanthropist business loan elbow!"
Howl Jones jumps into the ring in front of Tiger.
Mr. Smiley says: "Howl Jones is still in this match thought!"
Mr. Smiley says: "He's gonna make a withdraw!"
Howl Jones grapples Tiger at his shoulders, but Tiger flips him overhead.
Mr. Smiley says: "Oh!"
Mr. Smiley says: "Overdraft!"
Steven says: "This should cover your medical bills!"
Mr. Smiley says: "What a generous wrestler!"
Mr. Smiley says: "Oh-what?"
Mr. Smiley says: "Looks like Shark-o-Mania is back for revenge!"
Mr. Smiley says: "With a new partner!"
Mr. Smiley says: "The Sea-Wasp!"
Mr. Smiley says: "*checking on his phone* Which is a very poisonous type of jellyfish."
Shark-O-Mania and Sea Wasp jump into the ring and approach Tiger Philanthropist.
Steven says: "Ha!"
Tiger holds his hand out and looks behind, and realizes Purple Puma is not there anymore.
Mr. Smiley says: "Dang!"
Mr. Smiley says: "How is Tiger gonna get out off this fishy situation?"
Mr. Smiley says: "Oh!"
Mr. Smiley says: "He hit 'em with a charitable Take-Donation!"
Mr. Smiley says: "And now a wringing-catapultist!"
Tiger single-handedly knocks out Shark-o-Mania and Sea-Wasp.
Mr. Smiley says: "Did you see that?"
Mr. Smiley says: "He's paying for their medical bills too!"
Mr. Smiley says: "It looks like this philanthropist is the real deal, ladies and gentlemen!"
Mr. Smiley says: "No one is leaving here tonight unimpressed."
Tiger Philanthropist climbs onto the ring rope and throws more money at the cheering crowd. He then looks at Lars, noticing a look of disinterest on his face, and frowns in dismay.
Trans. Int. The Big Donut, The Next Day.
Steven visits the donut shop again to greet Lars.
Steven says: "*cheery* Hi Lars!"
Lars says: "*deadpan* Uhh..."
Lars says: "What."
Steven says: "So..."
Steven says: "how was your evening?"
Lars says: "Fine I guess."
Lars says: "Kind of boring."
Steven says: "What do you mean kind of boring!"
Steven says: "?"
Lars says: "Why are you so worked up over how my night was?"
Steven says: "Oh, uhh..."
Steven says: "Well, I was wondering if you've seen any good wrestling matches lately?"
Lars says: "Hmpf."
Lars says: "Now that you mention it, no!"
Steven says: "But I heard Tiger Millionaire was back."
Steven says: "He's your favorite, right?"
Lars says: "Yeah, but he came back as some lame, Tiger..."
Lars says: "Phil-harmonic donations-thing?"
Lars says: "Which, honestly, is such a weird angle, you know?"
Lars says: "The whole thing just felt so off."
Steven says: "What do you mean off?"
Lars says: "He took off his tie, and is throwing money at everybody."
Lars says: "It's like, the sequel no one asked for."
Steven says: "What!"
Steven says: "It's the sequel you asked for!"
Lars says: "Well, he just didn't seem into it, you know?"
Lars says: "He used to care about his money."
Lars says: "Now he's just giving it away."
Lars says: "And he still just wins like, every match."
Steven says: "Oh, I get it."
Steven says: "You want him to lose and keep his money, right?"
Steven says: "What do you want him to do!"
Steven says: "?"
Steven says: "Just tell meeeee!"
Lars says: "I don't know!"
Lars says: "I don't even know what I want for breakfast half the time!"
Lars says: "I'm a complex individual teenage boy."
Lars says: "Now get out of here and stop taking such a personal interest in my habits and well-being!"
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Steven lies sulking on the couch, while Amethyst is making tea next to him.
Steven says: "I don't get it."
Steven says: "I don't even know why I'm wrestling anymore."
Steven says: "I guess I'm doing it for Lars?"
Steven says: "And he doesn't even care."
Steven says: "I liked it better when I was doing it for you."
Amethyst says: "But who needs it, you know?"
Amethyst says: "I mean, I needed it when I felt like, ehh..."
Amethyst says: "I wasn't good enough."
Amethyst says: "But I don't feel like that anymore."
Amethyst says: "*eats the teabag* Do you?"
Steven says: "No."
Steven says: "No, that- that's never why I was doing it."
Steven says: "I just, liked it was our thing we did together."
Steven says: "But, you're right."
Steven says: "Doesn't make sense anymore."
Steven says: "I think I should just do what you did."
Steven says: "Just tell everybody I'm quitting and..."
Steven says: "leave like it's no big deal."
Steven gets up and walks off. Amethyst looks down in slight regret.
Trans. Ext. Abandoned Warehouse, Night-time.
Tiger Philanthropist stands alone in the ring, with the tag team belts hanging from the ceiling.
Mr. Smiley says: "Ladies and gents."
Mr. Smiley says: "Tonight is a very special night here at the Beach City Wrestling Arena Dome and Building."
Mr. Smiley says: "I'll let my good friend Tiger Mill- I mean, Philanthropist explain."
Steven says: "Thank you Mr."
Steven says: "Smiley."
Lars says: "*uninterested* What now?"
Steven says: "Tonight will mark my greatest and finalist act of philanthropy."
Steven says: "Tonight, I am giving away the Tag Team titles."
Steven says: "Whoever can grab them first can have them."
The crowd begins booing at Tiger.
Lars says: "Booooo!"
Lars says: "Philanthrophy is laaame!"
Steven says: "Boo all you like!"
Steven says: "I don't care anymore!"
Steven says: "These belts don't mean anything to me!"
Steven says: "They never did."
The crowd keep booing at Tiger, when the Brothers Construction theme starts to play.
Mr. Smiley says: "I know that sound!"
Mr. Smiley says: "It's the Brothers Construction!"
Mr. Smiley says: "Concrete Heat and Chunk Truck!"
Mr. Smiley says: "So sad to see Tiger giving up those belts without at least putting up a fight."
The Good-Looking Gang theme plays as they enter the warehouse as well.
Mr. Smiley says: "Oh no!"
Mr. Smiley says: "It's Good-Looking Gang's music!"
Mr. Smiley says: "They are back to finally claim the tag titles!"
Mr. Smiley says: "Look like things are heating up on the ring, who'll be the next tag team champion!"
A Puma's Roar is suddenly heard, as Purple Puma appears at the doorway.
Amethyst says: "Whoa there, Tiger!"
Steven says: "Amethyst?"
Mr. Smiley says: "He's back!"
Mr. Smiley says: "The legend has returned to the ring!"
Mr. Smiley says: "PUUURPPPLE PUUUMAAA!!"
Amethyst says: "Those belts aren't yours to give away!"
Amethyst says: "Those times we wrestled together meant everything to me!"
Amethyst says: "*jumps into the ring* You can give away all jungle bucks you want."
Amethyst says: "But I will not stand by and let you give up our memories!"
Purple Puma picks up Tiger Philanthropist and hugs him. The crowds "awws" and cheers.
Mr. Smiley says: "Oh what a display, ladies and gentlemen."
Steven says: "You came back!"
Amethyst says: "I'm sorry."
Amethyst says: "This was our thing we did together and I just..."
Amethyst says: "quit on you!"
Steven says: "It's ok."
Steven says: "You were right."
Steven says: "We don't need this anymore."
Amethyst says: "Well, how do you wanna go out?"
Steven says: "With a bang!"
Purple Puma and Tiger Philanthropist smile at each other, when Chunk Truck suddenly punches Purple Puma in the face.
Mr. Smiley says: "It looks like this fight for the belt it's still on!"
Purple Puma stumbles backwards and leans onto the ring ropes. Chunk Truck then grapples Tiger Philanthropist, leaving him open for Concrete Heat.
Mr. Smiley says: "The Brothers Construction look like they are ready letting down a foundation of pain!"
Mr. Smiley says: "But, oh!"
Mr. Smiley says: "Shark-o-Mania is back again!"
Mr. Smiley says: "He's not even in the match!"
Shark-o-Mania jumps into the ring and charges at Tiger, headbutting him while still in Chuck Truck's grasp.
Mr. Smiley says: "Tiger Philanthropist is down!"
Lars says: "What?!"
Lars says: "!"
Shark-o-Mania and Concrete Heat grab and knock down Tiger Philanthropist and Purple Puma respectively. As they stand up, Chunk Truck punches Tiger, and Concrete Heat executes a Double Axe Handle on Puma.
Lars says: "*climbing into the ring* This isn't fair!"
Lars says: "Stop the match!"
Lars says: "They're gonna be destroyed!"
A security guard grabs Lars and drags him away. Puma and Tiger kneel beaten-up in front of the Good-Looking Gang.
Steven says: "Finish it!"
Amethyst says: "Finish it!"
The Good-Looking Gang nod and they both deliver a kick right into Puma's and Tiger's face, knocking them out.
Mr. Smiley says: "No!"
Mr. Smiley says: "The Good-Looking Gang hit the Star-Crossed Lovers on Puma and Tiger!"
Mr. Smiley says: "This is their chance!"
Mr. Smiley says: "The belts are hanging free and clear!"
Puma and Tiger gaze at the Good-Looking Gang as they successfully retrieve the tag team belts, and pink and purple confetti begin raining upon them.
Mr. Smiley says: "They got it!"
Mr. Smiley says: "It's official!"
Mr. Smiley says: "The Good-Looking Gang are the new Beach City underground tag team wrestling champions!"
Mr. Smiley says: "This is truly the end for Tiger Millionaire and Purple Puma."
Mr. Smiley says: "What a way to go out!"
Sadie keeps the warehouse door open, as the security guard escorts Lars outside the building.
Lars says: "How can this be happening!"
Lars says: "It was just getting good!"
Lars says: "You can't quit now!"
Lars says: "TIIIGEEERR!!"
The star iris closes on Puma and Tiger, as they wink at each other in content, ending the episode.
END.