Open Int. Pink Diamond's Palace.
Steven is seen balancing on a bubble, juggling three smaller bubbles containing MC Bear-Bear, Chaaaaps, and his ukulele. A pink Pearl watches in amazement and claps for Steven. Steven jumps off the bubble and lands gracefully, blowing a kiss and smiling to Pink Pearl as she continues to clap. Just then, Yellow Diamond appears at the doorway and stares in anger, watching Pink Pearl getting Steven ready for the ball. She extends her neck in a comically way over to them, Pink Pearl does the Gem salute and Steven waves at her. Yellow Diamond smiles and leaves the room shortly. Steven glares at Pink Pearl for a moment, mocking Yellow, and they both start to laugh. Steven then starts coughing and a piece of Rose's hair comes out of his mouth onto his hand. The background turns black as Pink Pearl gets pulled away from Steven, and the bubble he was standing on pops. Steven looks up and sees White Diamond staring at him with a deranged smile. Steven continues to cough and throws up more of Rose's hair.
Trans. Int. Pink Diamond's Palace.
Steven wakes up abruptly in a cold sweat, back in reality.
Pearl says: "Steven?"
Pearl says: "Are you okay?"
Steven says: "Yeah."
Steven says: "I just had a really weird nightmare."
Pebble says: "Pink's moving again!"
The Pebble runs up to Connie, who begins to wake up too, while another Pebble uses Steven's phone nearby.
Connie says: "Oh hey!"
Connie says: "Good morning."
Amethyst says: "It's something with four legs and a lot of cushions on top!"
The Pebbles construct a couch-like piece of furniture in the room to Amethyst's specifications. Amethyst leaps onto it and gives a thumbs-up.
Pearl says: "The Pebbles have been working all night."
Pearl says: "What do you think?"
A overview of Pink's room, now with furniture constructed by the Pebbles.
Steven says: "It almost feels like home."
Garnet says: "Almost..."
Garnet stares out the balcony at White Diamond's bust ship in unrest.
Trans. Int. Diamond Throne Room.
Steven and Pearl proceed to have an audience with Yellow and Blue Diamond in the throne room.
Yellow Diamond says: "A ball?"
Yellow Diamond says: "We haven't had a ball in 6,000 years."
Blue Diamond says: "We haven't had Pink in 6,000 years!"
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Steven says: "When White Diamond shows up, we can tell her why we need her help on Earth!"
Blue Diamond says: "And, this can also mark the beginning of Era 3."
Yellow Diamond says: "You're right, it's brilliant."
Steven says: "Thank you, Yellow!"
Steven says: "Thank you, Blue!"
Blue Diamond says: "If White is going to be there, everything has to be perfect!"
Blue Diamond says: "Pink, can you manage this on your own?"
Blue Diamond says: "Our Pearls can help you get started."
Blue Pearl warps into the room, doing the Gem salute.
Blue Pearl says: "At your service, Pink Diamond."
Yellow Pearl also warps into the room, doing the Gem salute too.
Yellow Diamond says: "Make sure you go through all of our customs with Pink, since she has so much trouble recalling her past here on Homeworld."
Yellow Pearl says: "Yes, My Diamond."
Pearl says: "Era 3!"
Pearl says: "Steven, you're already changing the world!"
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Steven says: "Come on, party Pearls!"
Yellow says: "We are at your command, Pink Diamond."
Blue Pearl says: "We are at your command, Pink Diamond."
Steven says: "Just call me Steven!"
Yellow says: "Whatever you command, Pink Diamond."
Blue Pearl says: "Whatever you command, Pink Diamond."
Time-Skip; Afternoon.
The Crystal Gems are gathered around the steps to Pink Diamond's throne, as Steven begins planning the ball with Yellow and Blue Pearl.
Steven says: "Balloons everywhere!"
Steven says: "Confetti cannons too!"
Amethyst says: "Dibs on being the confetti cannon!"
Yellow Pearl says: "Cannons are forbidden inside palace walls."
Yellow Pearl says: "These "balloons", you're referring to, are unprecedented and therefore out of the question."
Steven says: "So what is precedented and therefore in the question?"
Yellow Pearl says: "You are to sit on your elevated throne, while the members of your court indicate to you that they are present."
Amethyst says: "Yikes, this sounds pretty dry."
Yellow Pearl says: "Liquids are forbidden in the ball room."
Steven says: "All right."
Steven proceeds to jumps up the steps to Pink Diamond's throne, along with Yellow Pearl.
Yellow Pearl says: "From here, you can accept or reject the members of your court at your leisure."
Yellow Pearl says: "My Diamond will do the same."
Yellow Pearl says: "As will Blue Diamond, and if we are so lucky, all of us will enjoy the impeccable judgement of White Diamond."
Steven says: "So when she gets here, I'll just hop up there and talk to her?"
Yellow Pearl says: "Oh, stars!"
Yellow Pearl says: "No!"
Yellow Pearl says: "I forgot how silly you can be."
Yellow Pearl says: "Everyone stays where they belong."
Steven says: "Oh, so..."
Steven says: "*hops off the throne onto the floor* I'll just wait until I get a chance to talk to her on the dance floor!"
Yellow Pearl says: "Pink Diamond!"
Yellow Pearl says: "Your subjects will do the dancing for you!"
Yellow Pearl says: "Why would a Diamond want to dance?"
Steven says: "Because dancing's fun!"
Yellow Pearl says: "What is..."
Yellow Pearl says: ""fuh-un"?"
Connie says: "You know, it's when you do something you wanna do, just because it feels good."
Yellow Pearl says: "*exchanges looks with Blue Pearl* I don't think we do that here."
Steven says: "Well, is there something you really like to do?"
Yellow Pearl says: "Oh!"
Yellow Pearl says: "*chuckles* Of course not!"
Yellow Pearl says: "My feelings are irrelevant."
Blue Pearl says: "I like to draw."
Yellow Pearl says: "W-w-w-what?!"
Yellow Pearl says: "!"
Steven says: "Can I see some of your stuff?"
Blue Pearl says: "Um, here."
Blue Pearl says: "*pulls out a screen with her drawings* My Diamond allows me to draw during court proceedings."
Blue Pearl says: "They're nothing much."
Blue Pearl shows a drawing of Yellow Diamond zapping someone with her electric power.
Yellow Pearl says: "Let me see that!"
Yellow Pearl says: "You can't share these; they're highly confidential!"
Yellow Pearl scrolls through Blue Pearl's drawing and sees a drawing of herself.
Yellow Pearl says: "Hmm..."
Yellow Pearl says: "Not bad."
Yellow Pearl says: "*hands the screen back to Blue Pearl* Try a different angle."
Steven says: "*giggles* That's it!"
Steven says: "*to Yellow Pearl* You like being a model!"
Steven says: "*to Blue Pearl* And you like being an artist!"
Yellow Pearl starts laughing proudly, when Blue Diamond enters the room, and the Pearls quickly stand in attention.
Blue Diamond says: "Pink!"
Blue Diamond says: "Why aren't you getting ready?"
Steven says: "I guess I am ready, if all I have to do is sit in a chair."
Blue Diamond says: "Are you really going to look like this?!"
Blue Diamond says: "!"
Blue Diamond says: "Even at the ball?"
Steven says: "I can't really help it."
Blue Diamond says: "You weren't thinking of inviting your "Earth friends", are you?"
Steven says: "Why wouldn't I?"
Blue Diamond places her palms between Steven and the Crystal Gems, and separates him from them.
Crystal Gems says: "Steven!"
Steven says: "They can't come?"
Steven says: "Aren't they my..."
Steven says: "court or whatever?"
Blue Diamond says: "Pink, quit fooling around!"
Blue Diamond says: "White Diamond is going to be there!"
Blue Diamond says: "We have to present her with our best possible selves, just as our Gems have to present us with their best possible selves."
Blue Diamond says: "A ball is a chance to inspire everyone!"
Steven says: "But my friends are super inspiring!"
Steven says: "They'll inspire White, too."
Steven says: "Together we can make a case for Earth!"
Blue Diamond says: "Very well, you can bring your Pearl, of course, and your pet."
Steven says: "Uhh, pet?"
Connie says: "I think she means me."
Blue Diamond says: "As for this faulty Amethyst..."
Amethyst says: "Oh boy, here it comes."
Blue Diamond says: "She'll need limb enhancers to meet her height requirements."
Blue Diamond says: "The Sapphire will need to enter with the other Sapphires of course, and the Ruby will need to enter with the guards."
Steven says: "Woah, woah, woah."
Steven says: "Are you talking about Garnet?"
Blue Diamond says: "Garnet?"
Blue Diamond says: "Does "that" call herself a Garnet?"
Blue Diamond says: "Haha!"
Blue Diamond says: "What would you have her do?"
Blue Diamond says: "Enter with the Demantoids?"
Blue Diamond says: "The Hessonites, the Pyropes?"
Garnet says: "I won't go."
Steven says: "Garnet?"
Blue Diamond says: "At least the Sapphire in there has some sense."
Garnet says: "Grrr!"
Steven says: "Ummm..."
Blue Diamond says: "Pink!"
Blue Diamond says: "Are you going to ring in the ball?"
Steven says: "What?"
Blue Diamond says: "Ugh."
Blue Diamond says: "I'll take care of it."
Blue Diamond says: "I'll take care of everything."
Blue Diamond says: "Come, Pearls!"
Blue Diamond walks off as Yellow and Blue runs after her.
Steven says: "Garnet..."
Garnet says: "I'll find you when it's over."
Steven says: "*tears up and hugs Garnet* I thought we'd get to do this together!"
Garnet says: "Steven, this is your chance to talk to White."
Garnet says: "She's not going to listen to me but she might listen to Pink."
Steven says: "And she'll listen when I tell her about you!"
Steven says: "Once I talk to White Diamond, I'll change everything."
Steven says: "I promise."
Time-Skip; Night-time.
Loud mechanical-like music is heard as the ball commences. Steven is seen sitting on his throne, with Pearl and Connie on his sides, while various Homeworld Gems are gathered in the throne room. He looks up and sees a statue-like Gem singing the ballroom music.
Pair of Gems #1.
Pink Diamond! It's wonderful to be in your presence.
Steven says: "Uhh, thank you!"
Pair of Gems #1.
Wow! So radiant and sparkly!
The pair of Gems leaves, and another pair arrives, looking identical to the previous one.
Pair of Gems #2.
Pink Diamond!
Steven says: "That's me!"
Steven says: "Your ding-dang Diamond!"
Pair of Gems #2.
Wow! So radiant and exquisite! *leaves*.
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "You're doing great!"
Pearl says: "White Diamond will be very impressed."
Steven says: "Well she better be."
Amethyst says: "Yo!"
Amethyst says: "My Diamond!"
Amethyst, now wearing purple limb enhancers, arrives before Steven.
Steven says: "Amethyst!"
Steven says: "*turns to Pearl* Is it okay if I say hi?"
Steven says: "Thanks Pearl!"
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "Your manners!"
Steven says: "Oh!"
Steven says: "Right."
Steven says: "*floats and lands elegantly* Amethyst, it is good to see you."
Amethyst says: "Good to see you!"
Amethyst says: "My Diamond."
Steven says: "Sorry you have to wear those limb enhancers."
Amethyst says: "I'm not sure how Peridot put up with these things but, I'm getting used to it."
Amethyst says: "Yo, check out this cool party trick I taught myself!"
Amethyst maneuvers one of her enhancer fingers to touch her nose and then floats it over to Steven.
Steven says: "*laughing* Amethyst, come on!"
Amethyst says: "I know, this is a serious party."
Amethyst says: "Anyway, I'm going to go mingle with some Quartzes."
Amethyst says: "*struggles to walk properly* Hi!"
Amethyst says: "How's it going?"
Steven says: "*hops back to the throne* I really hope this works out, Connie."
Steven says: "*gasps* Ruby and Sapphire are here!"
Ruby and Sapphire arrive separated, alongside with other Homeworld Rubies and Sapphires.
Steven says: "When I told Garnet I still wanted her to come, I-I hope she didn't think I meant I wanted her to split."
Connie says: "I'm sure she just wants to support you in any way she can."
Yellow Pearl says: "Everyone, behold!"
Yellow Pearl says: "The daunting, beauty and elegance that is, Yellow Diamond!"
Aquamarines pull back the curtains, revealing Yellow Diamond, sparkling her radiance as she enters the throne room. A Jade tries to take a peek, but another Jade nudges her back into position.
Yellow Diamond says: "Not a bad turnout, Pink."
Steven says: "I appreciate your attendance, Yellow."
Blue Pearl says: "Ahem, everyone prepare yourselves emotionally for the overpowering elegance that is, Blue Diamond."
Blue Diamond dazzles her radiance and enters the room. The Jade previously starts to cry, and the other Jade rolls her eyes at her.
Blue Diamond says: "You're doing great!"
Steven says: "Thank you, Blue."
Suddenly, the ballroom turns completely dark. A pair of spotlights shine upon White Pearl in the room, and all the Gems watch on in awe.
White Pearl says: "To those in attendance of the Era 3 ball, White Diamond..."
White Pearl says: "has more important things to attend to."
Steven says: "WHAT?!"
Steven says: "!"
White Pearl encases herself in a white bubble, sinks into the floor and appears on White Diamond's throne.
White Pearl says: "Therefore, I will be here to observe in her place."
White Pearl says: "Welcome, to Era 3!"
Steven says: "Gah!"
The Gems in the ball start to dance in a mechanical manner, while White Pearl observes, smiling derangedly.
Steven says: "*sighs* I made everyone do this and it's so..."
Steven says: "miserable."
Amethyst tries to dance with her limb enhancers, alongside the other Quartzes, but slips and falls.
Connie says: "*jumps up and sits beside Steven* Steven."
Steven says: "*defeatedly* Don't you mean "Pink Diamond"?"
Connie says: "Of course I don't!"
Connie says: "Come on, do you wanna dance?"
Steven says: "Yeah..."
Steven says: "But, I'm not supposed to."
Connie says: "It's your party."
Connie says: "She's not here."
Steven and Connie jump off the throne and onto the dance floor, catching the attention of Sapphire, Ruby and several Homeworld Gems.
Steven says: "Everybody's staring!"
Connie says: "Since when does that bother you?"
Steven says: "I'm sorry everyone, uhh!"
Connie says: "Steven?"
Connie says: "We're gonna be okay; I'm here."
Connie says: "Look at me, we'll get through this together."
Connie holds Steven's hands and they begin laughing and dancing together. White Pearl's smile quickly turns into a frown, as the pair accidentally fuse together in their dance. Yellow Pearl watches in horror and Yellow Diamond immediately stands up in rage.
Yellow Diamond says: "Pink, what are you doing?!"
Yellow Diamond says: "!"
Stevonnie says: "I was just dancing!"
Stevonnie says: "Huh!"
Stevonnie says: "?"
Stevonnie realized that they have fused, and everybody in the ball stares at them in total shock.
Blue Diamond says: "Pink, this is completely unacceptable!"
Blue Diamond says: "Unfuse or I'll make you!"
Ruby and Sapphire quickly rush in and fuse back into Garnet.
Garnet says: "You'll have to go through me!"
Pearl says: "*gasps* And me!"
Amethyst says: "Yeah!"
Pearl scoops Amethyst up and they fuse into Opal, joining Stevonnie and Garnet. The two Jades earlier quickly fuse together too.
Lemon Jade says: "And me!"
Opal and Stevonnie look at Garnet, and she shrugs.
Lemon Jade says: "I knew it!"
Lemon Jade says: "I knew I couldn't be the only one!"
Lemon Jade says: "AAHHH!"
Yellow Diamond zaps the Jade Fusion, Opal, and Garnet in quick succession with her electric powers, causing them all to destabilize and poof back into their gems.
Stevonnie says: "Opal!"
Stevonnie says: "Garnet!"
Yellow Diamond says: "Pink!"
Yellow Diamond says: "You've gone too far, even for you!"
Yellow Diamond grabs Stevonnie and throws them into a dark room.
Yellow Diamond says: "Stay in here and think about what you've done!"
Stevonnie says: "No, wait!"
Yellow Diamond shuts the door, leaving Stevonnie alone in the pitch-black room.
END.