Steven and Connie are video chatting on his phone together, in his room, and laughing.
Steven says: "Wow, Connie."
Steven says: "You really have all this college stuff figured out."
Connie says: "I've got a whole plan worked out for early admission to the University of Jayhawk, but I'm still not sure if I'm going to major in political science with a minor in sociology, or major in sociology with a minor in poli sci."
Steven says: "Did establishing democracy across the galaxy get your excited about politics?"
Connie says: "*chuckles* Maybe."
Connie says: "But, as far as long term careers go, I'm thinking more down to earth."
Steven and Connie both laugh, but stop when Connie's phone vibrates on the other side.
Connie says: "Oh wow."
Connie says: "Fifteen minutes went by fast."
Steven says: "Aww."
Steven says: "These study breaks are so short."
Connie says: "I know, right?"
Steven says: "Oh, hold on, Connie."
Steven says: "*picks up a brochure* You left this brochure at my place last time."
Steven says: "Do you need it back?"
Connie says: "Thanks, but I've got two more at home, and you know, internet!"
Steven says: "Oh, *chuckles* right."
Steven says: "But you'll let me know when you want to hang, right?"
Connie says: "Of course, silly!"
Connie says: "Alright, for real now, bye!"
Steven rolls over on his bed, and picks up the brochure.
Steven says: "Jayhawk, huh?"
Steven says: "Where's Beach City?"
Steven says: "*unfolds the brochure, revealing a very far map and distance between both locations* Oh."
Steven says: "That's really far."
Steven walks down from his room and sees Garnet.
Steven says: "Garnet?"
Steven says: "You're still home?"
Garnet says: "Steven."
Steven says: "*runs over* I could really use your advice."
Garnet says: "Mmm."
Garnet says: "Come back to me later."
Garnet says: "I gotta split."
Garnet unfuses into Ruby and Sapphire.
Sapphire says: "I'm so sorry, Steven."
Sapphire says: "I'm running late to my lecture on alternate timelines."
Sapphire says: "*takes off her hat and gives it to Ruby* Have a nice day with the scouts, beautiful!"
Ruby says: "*to Steven* Hey, Sapphire's got her thing, but you can still talk to old Ruby!"
Ruby says: "*walks offscreen to pick up a backpack, then goes back to him* Walk and talk, scout!"
Ruby says: "I got things to do."
Steven says: "Oh, okay!"
Int. Beach City Woods. Ruby is talking to her scouts says: "Ruby: Okay, everyone!"
Larimar says: "Ruby: Okay, everyone!"
Zebra Jasper says: "Ruby: Okay, everyone!"
Onion says: "Ruby: Okay, everyone!"
Int. Beach City Woods. Ruby is talking to her scouts says: "You remember what we learned last week, right?"
Larimar says: "You remember what we learned last week, right?"
Zebra Jasper says: "You remember what we learned last week, right?"
Onion says: "You remember what we learned last week, right?"
Int. Beach City Woods. Ruby is talking to her scouts says: "So, today is the day!"
Larimar says: "So, today is the day!"
Zebra Jasper says: "So, today is the day!"
Onion says: "So, today is the day!"
Int. Beach City Woods. Ruby is talking to her scouts says: "Brace yourselves, we're gonna sketch nature and animals!"
Larimar says: "Brace yourselves, we're gonna sketch nature and animals!"
Zebra Jasper says: "Brace yourselves, we're gonna sketch nature and animals!"
Onion says: "Brace yourselves, we're gonna sketch nature and animals!"
The scouts excitedly take out their notepads.
Ruby says: "I'm gonna ask you to feel the beauty of everything that surrounds you."
Ruby says: "Draw it with your heart!"
Ruby says: "And then, you'll have the honor of receiving this  "Nature Sketching Badge"!"
Ruby says: "Let's go!"
Ruby says: "No time to waste!"
Larimar and Zebra Jasper excitedly run into the forest. Later, Ruby and Steven walk and talk together.
Ruby says: "So what did you want to talk about?"
Steven says: "Every time I'm talking with Connie, I just realize that she knows exactly what she wants to do with her life, and I don't."
Steven says: "When we're Stevonnie, I feel ready for anything."
Steven says: "But on my own, I feel lost and stuck."
Steven says: "I..."
Steven says: "*sighs* Ruby, what do I want?"
Ruby says: "Wow, that's a tough one."
Steven says: "I know!"
Steven says: "Connie will probably go far away for college."
Steven says: "And I'm gonna stay here, not knowing what to do and so far from her!"
Steven says: "I want to stay with her, like you and Sapphire."
Steven says: "*paus* Wait, all I want to do is be with Connie, so maybe that means that..."
Steven says: "Connie is my future!"
Ruby says: "*excited, running* STEVEN STEVEN STEVEN STEVEN STEVEN- *sees fire under her feet* Woop!"
Ruby says: "*runs offscreen to grab a towel and puts it on the grass, putting it out* Ah!"
Ruby says: "STEVEN!"
Ruby says: "Propose!"
Steven says: "What?"
Steven says: "Propose?"
Steven says: "Well, Ruby, I'm not-I'm not sure if this is, uh..."
Ruby says: "Don't say you haven't thought about it."
Steven says: "*blushes* I..."
Steven says: "Of course, I have."
Ruby says: "*jumps onto him* Do it!!"
Ruby says: "DO IT!!"
Ruby says: "DO IT!!!"
Steven says: "Y-you sure?"
Ruby says: "Buddy!"
Ruby says: "It worked for me!"
Ruby says: "And if you do it, you'll have the honor of receiving this..."
Ruby says: "*holds up a badge* proposal badge!!"
Ruby says: "*Steven gasps* If you're not so sure..."
Ruby says: "You should ask someone who can *winks* see the future."
Ext. On the beach, Sapphire is teaching her class near the water.
Sapphire says: "Alright, class..."
Steven says: "*running over* Sapphire!!"
Sapphire says: "Steven, right on time."
Steven says: "Sapphire!"
Steven says: "I'm sorry to interrupt your class!"
Steven says: "Ruby says I should propose to Connie, but she said to check in with you and your future vision."
Sapphire says: "I understand."
Sapphire says: "Let's run the numbers, shall we?"
Sapphire says: "*walks closer to the sand, where Steven follows* Alright class, using the concepts we've reviewed so far, we're gonna calculate the probability of Steven's proposal to Connie succeeding."
Sapphire says: "*draws in the sand* Let's start with the probability of she will be willing to spend her life with someone."
Sapphire says: "Then we'll multiply that by your differential factor of sociocultural marriage acceptance, which is then multiplied by the happiness potential of your cohabitation, multiplied by the factor for fear of engagement, multiplied by the intensity of the reciprocal love for each other, and finally, multiplied by the robustness of your life plans."
Sapphire says: "*to Steven* Are you following so far?"
Steven looks back at the sand, seeing complicated mathematical equations in the sand.
Steven says: "N-N-No?"
The tide comes in and washes away the equations in the sand.
Steven says: "Oh no!"
Steven says: "Sapphire, your work!"
Sapphire says: "And there we have it."
Sapphire says: "*chuckles* Do you understand, Steven?"
Sapphire says: "My marriage with Ruby, our fusion as Garnet, eluded my future vision, defied every odd, and changed the course of time!"
Sapphire says: "We can write equations in the sand all day, but a wave of chance can just come crashing in and wash it all away."
Sapphire says: "Love-it's unquantifiable!"
Sapphire says: "Even with my clairvoyance, I know better than anyone that true love makes the impossible..."
Sapphire says: "possible!"
Sapphire says: "Do it, Steven."
Sapphire says: "Do it!"
Sapphire says: "Do it!"
Sapphire says: "Do it!!"
Steven says: "Yeah."
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Steven says: "*to the class* Alright, friends!"
Steven says: "Take a good look at this guy while you can, cause today may be his last day as Steven Quartz Cutie Pie DeMayo Diamond Universe!"
Transitioning scenes where Steven begins humming, picking up a cake that says "Together Forever" from Spacetries. He then buys flowers from Crazy Lace Agate. In his room, he twists Connie's Glow Bracelet to reignite it, packs the cake into a picnic basket, then dresses in a blazer and dress shirt in the mirror.
Int. Connie's Room at the Maheswaran Residence.
Connie says: "*hears a roar outside her room* Huh?"
Steven says: "Hey, Connie!"
Steven says: "How you doin'?"
Connie says: "Steven?"
Connie says: "What are you doing here?"
Steven says: "You're gonna have a fifteen-minute break in..."
Steven says: "two minutes, right?"
Connie says: "*checks her phone* Whoa!"
Connie says: "Spot on."
Steven says: "Connie, let's go for a walk."
Steven says: "I'm sure you could use some fresh air."
Connie says: "I would love to!"
Connie says: "But um..."
Steven says: "No, no, no!"
Steven says: "Don't worry!"
Steven says: "We'll go with Lion, and I promise you'll be back in fifteen minutes!"
Connie says: "Okay!"
Connie says: "Let's do this!"
Ext. Beach. Steven and Connie are walking near the water.
Steven says: "You remember the first time we met?"
Connie says: "You mean when you were trying to ride your bike on the sand, and you ran away screaming?"
Steven says: "*laughing* Exactly!"
Steven says: "I was trying everything to get your attention!"
Connie says: "*laughing* I'm pretty sure I was totally focused on my book and didn't see anything!"
Steven says: "Well, that all happened right here!"
Steven gestures to a picnic, at the exact same spot where they both met years ago.
Connie says: "*surprised* Steven!"
Connie says: "This is..."
Steven says: "*runs over* I remember it like it was yesterday!"
Connie says: "*blushing* This is so cute."
Steven says: "Connie, there's something very important that I want to say to you today."
Connie looks in awe as Steven begins singing I'd Rather Be Me With You.
Steven says: "I'd rather be tall,I'd rather be smart,I'd rather be sure you know I care."
Steven says: "Wherever you go,Whatever you start,I'd rather be sure you know I'm there."
Steven says: "I'd rather I always be apart of whatever you do."
Steven says: "I'd rather be me, with you."
Steven says: "Wherever we go,I already trust,I'd know what to do if it were us."
Steven says: "I'd know what to say,I'd know how to be,I'd know your entire syllabus."
Steven says: "I can't think of any other thing in the world I would rather do..."
Steven says: "If I could be,I'd rather be me, with you..."
Connie says: "*claps* Steven, that's so beautiful!"
Connie pauses, seeing Steven get down on one knee and hold up her glow bracelet.
Connie says: "S-Steven?"
Steven says: "Connie..."
Steven says: "will you marry me?"
Connie says: "What?"
Steven says: "Let's get married and live as Stevonnie!"
Connie says: "What?!"
Connie says: "!"
Connie says: "*chuckles* Steven, maybe we should talk about this first?"
Steven says: "I know you might think I'm being sentimental, but this makes sense!"
Steven says: "For example, I don't know what you've been studying, but Stevonnie does!"
Steven says: "We can go to college together!"
Connie says: "Steven, come on, we're really young!"
Steven says: "You..."
Steven says: "You don't want to be Stevonnie with me?"
Connie says: "Of course I do."
Connie says: "But I want to be my own person too."
Steven says: "Well, yeah."
Steven says: "But..."
Steven says: "*closes his hand on the bracelet*  Is-Is it a "no"?"
Connie says: "It's a "not now", Steven."
Steven says: "But if we're sure that we're gonna spend our lives together, why not say it now?"
Connie says: "*holds his hands* We've got plenty of time."
Connie says: "Don't worry."
Steven says: "I'm not worried, I'm just happy to be with you, that's all."
Connie says: "I'm happy to be with you too."
Connie says: "It's just that- *phone alarm rings* Oh no!"
Connie says: "My alarm!"
Connie says: "*turns it off* Forget studying right now, it doesn't matter."
Steven says: "Yes, it does."
Steven says: "It's important to you."
Connie says: "You're important to me!"
Steven says: "I'm fine!"
Steven says: "We'll talk about it later."
Steven says: "Lion's waiting for you."
Connie says: "Steven, a-are you sure?"
Steven says: "Yeah."
Connie says: "*hugs him* I'll call you tomorrow at lunchtime."
Connie waves to him as she goes home on Lion.
Steven says: "Good luck studying!"
After Connie leaves, Steven falls on his back, turning into his pink form again, and starts an explosion of the things around him, leaving him in a crater, tears in his eyes. Spending the entire afternoon in the crater, Steven later gets up with tears in his eyes, and notices Garnet sitting right next to where he was, with the picnic blanket. They both walk home on the beach together.
Steven says: "I don't get it."
Steven says: "Ruby and Sapphire said I should go for it."
Garnet says: "You can't trust love advice from those two hopeless romantics."
Steven says: "Then why didn't you stop me?"
Garnet says: "There was no future where you didn't propose to Connie."
Steven says: "Of course."
Garnet says: "*hugs him on the side* Your soulmate is your complement, not your missing piece."
Garnet says: "Ruby and Sapphire love being together, but they each have their own individual lives."
Garnet says: "Whatever hole there is in your life, Steven I want you to understand that Connie-Stevonnie won't be able to fill it."
They sit on the stairs outside the Beach House together.
Steven says: "It's just that y-you make it look so easy!"
Steven says: "I mean, *takes picnic basket* I hate to say it, but this is kind of your fault for being so..."
Steven says: "so perfect!"
Garnet says: "I know you're upset, Steven."
Steven says: "Well-Well maybe shoving this adorable cake in my face will make me feel better."
Steven opens the cake box and is surprised to see the cake is in pieces.
Garnet says: "It really, really won't."
Steven says: "*shoves a piece in his mouth* *tearfully* I'm doing it anyway!"
Garnet says: "I know."
END.