Open Int. Beach House.
Steven says: "*opens the windows to watch the sunrise* Everyone’s out."
Steven says: "Guess I’m makin' us breakfast."
Montage sequence of Steven rummaging his kitchen and making breakfast, starting with a stack of waffles with lots of syrup on them.
Steven says: "*knocks on temple door* Pearl, Garnet, Amethyst?"
Steven says: "Is anyone home?"
Steven says: "*turns around with a determined look on his face* Hm!"
Steven then microwaves some popcorn and dumps them over the waffles.
Steven says: "*sitting in front of the Warp Pad* One, two, three, warp in!"
Steven says: "*falls over to his side and sighs* I guess they’re still out saving the world."
Steven then sprays a mountain of whipped cream on top of the waffles.
Steven says: "*looks at the breakfast he just made* Look at you, you are out of control!"
Steven says: "*opens the front door of the house* Pearl?"
Steven says: "Garnet?!"
Steven says: "!"
Continuing to improve the breakfast, Steven takes a strawberry and carefully places it on top of the whipped cream. He then lifts the breakfast up in triumph.
Steven says: "It’s done!"
Steven says: "*sets it down on the kitchen, sighs, and flops next to the breakfast* That thing's too good for me to eat alone."
Steven says: "It’s a..."
Steven says: "“Together Breakfast”."
The Warp Pad suddenly beamed in, startling Steven. Garnet then appears from the warp stream, carrying a scroll in her hand.
Steven says: "Ah, Garnet, perfect!"
Steven says: "*picks up the Together Breakfast* Check it out!"
Steven says: "It’s not exactly healthy, but it’s in a stack, so I guess you could say, it’s a..."
Steven says: "balanced breakfast?"
Steven strains a smile at his own joke, trying to get a reaction from Garnet, but she didn't.
Steven says: "You know, like I made us all breakfast."
Steven says: "I thought we could eat together."
Steven says: "Like, like best buds!"
Garnet says: "I can’t stay."
Garnet says: "There’s business to attend to inside the temple."
Steven says: "Aw, business?"
Steven says: "Like what?"
Garnet says: "I have to burn this."
Steven says: "Cool!"
Steven says: "*takes a photo of the scroll with his smartphone, and Garnet snatches it away* Ah!"
Garnet says: "I have to burn this, too."
Steven says: "*runs up to the gate* No, my apps!"
Steven says: "Door!"
Steven says: "*lifts his shirt and presses his gem against it* Open, door!"
Steven says: "Aw, you never work when I need it."
Just then, a purple police bursts in through the front door of the house, wielding a water gun.
Dumb Police says: "Dumb Police!"
Dumb Police says: "Uhhh, you’re dumb!"
Steven says: "*notices the water gun is aimed at the Together Breakfast and jumped in front of it in slow motion*  Nooooooo!"
The purple police starts laughing and his head shapeshifts, revealing to be Amethyst all this time.
Amethyst says: "Oh man, I totally got you!"
Amethyst says: "You should’ve seen the look on your face!"
Steven says: "Aw, I knew it was you."
Amethyst says: "Pfft, how?"
Steven says: "*changes into a new dry shirt* Because that’s a water gun."
Steven says: "And I’m not dumb."
Amethyst says: "*points at Steven's shirt* You’ve got something on your shirt."
Steven looks down and inspects his shirt. Amethyst then squirts another blast of water at him and laughs. Just then, the Temple Gate starts opening.
Amethyst says: "Hey, that’s my door!"
Pearl is seen exiting the temple through Amethyst’s door with a sword in her hands.
Pearl says: "*sees Amethyst, annoyed* Oh, Amethyst, there you are."
Pearl says: "Care to explain what one of my swords was doing in your room?"
Amethyst says: "Having a sword party."
Pearl says: "Oh please, you took it!"
Amethyst says: "I did not!"
Pearl says: "It’s fine."
Pearl says: "It’s in the past, I forgive you."
Pearl says: "*swings the sword over her shoulder, as Amethyst groans* Also, I cleaned up your awful, awful mess."
Pearl says: "You’re welcome."
Amethyst says: "You did WHAT?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Amethyst says: "I have a system!"
Steven says: "Amethyst, wait!"
Pearl says: "What’s the matter, Steven?"
Steven says: "I wanted us all to have breakfast together."
Steven says: "So I made Together Breakfast."
Steven says: "*points to the breakfast* But everyone keeps leaving."
Pearl says: "Ah, that’s nice."
Steven says: "Oh no, not you too!"
Steven says: "I can’t let this become "Together Brunch"!"
Steven picks up the Together Breakfast and runs towards the door, managing to keep it from closing with his arm, and slips inside Pearl's Room.
Trans. Int. Pearl's Room.
Steven sees Pearl emerging from the top of a waterfall, as she performs a short ballet dance and summons her sword collection. She then replaces the missing sword back into its scabbard.
Pearl says: "Hmm, there we go."
Pearl says: "*adjusts it upright* Ahh..."
Steven says: "*shouts* Hey, Peaaaarl!!!"
Pearl says: "*notices Steven, as her sword collection sinks back into the waterfall* Steven!"
Pearl says: "What are you doing in here?"
Pearl says: "You know it’s dangerous for you inside the temple."
Steven says: "We’re going to have a nice together breakfast, even if I have to get my shoes wet."
Pearl says: "WHAT?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Pearl says: "Get out of there!"
Steven says: "*holding the Together Breakfast up high* I’ll swim it over to you."
Steven says: "*starts swimming* See, doggy paddle, forward."
Steven says: "*notices the water descending, as he gets pulled towards the waterfall* Oh gosh, wait!"
Steven says: "Doggy paddle, reverse!"
Steven says: "Reverse!!"
Pearl says: "STEVEN!"
Trans. Int. Amethyst's Room.
Steven says: "*panicking while falling, before noticing the waterfall bends in odd angles* What the?"
Steven says: "Woah, keep it together breakfast!"
Steven keeps riding on the gravity-defying waterfall, bumping through several waves, until he reaches the bottom.
Steven says: "Keep it Together Breakfast!!!!"
Trans. Int. Amethyst's Room.
Steven washes up on shore of Amethyst’s room, with the Together Breakfast still intact in his hand. He slowly gets up and sees Amethyst, examining Pearl's organisation of her room.
Amethyst says: "*flips over a pile of organized junk* Better..."
Steven says: "Amethyst."
Amethyst says: "Oh, hey, Steven."
Amethyst says: "Did you come down the waterfall?"
Amethyst says: "Pearl gets so mad that I have her junk, but it's always falling down here."
Steven says: "Junk like what?"
Amethyst says: "Junk like..."
Amethyst says: "you!"
Amethyst says: "*picks up Steven, laughing* Imma throw you in the junk pile!"
Amethyst says: "*tosses him onto the pile* Isn’t it awful?"
Amethyst says: "Pearl organized everything."
Steven says: "Still looks messy to me."
Amethyst says: "Aw, thanks."
Amethyst says: "I try."
Amethyst says: "BOOM!"
Amethyst says: "*kicks away a small junk pile and notices the breakfast Steven is carrying* Oh, what’s that Steven?"
Steven says: "It’s a Together Breakfast."
Amethyst says: "Alright, SNACKS!"
Steven says: "NO!"
Steven says: "*pulls it away* It’s for everyone to eat together."
Steven says: "That’s the essence of Together Breakfast."
Amethyst says: "Oh..."
Amethyst says: "Gimme, gimme!"
Amethyst attempts to take it and chases Steven into a cavern corridor.
Trans. Crystal Temple corridor.
Steven says: "*running* We have to eat it together!"
Steven says: "*running through the twisting corridor which turns him upside down* Huh?"
Steven says: "Woah!"
Amethyst says: "You can’t outrun me, we both have short legs!"
Steven comes to the end of the corridor and see a room full of floating platforms, forcing him to stop for a moment.
Amethyst says: "*still running after him* Steven!"
Amethyst says: "I’m hungry!"
Steven says: "*start hopping between platforms* Just..."
Steven says: "hold..."
Steven says: "on!"
Steven says: "An exit!"
Steven says: "Woo!"
Steven says: "*leaps down towards the final platform, causing the Together Breakfast to fall apart, but manages to catch all of it in order* Skills!"
Amethyst says: "*jumps after Steven* Get back here!"
Steven says: "*running* You’re completely missing the point of this!"
Amethyst says: "*alarmed* Hey, wait a second!"
Pearl says: "*entering from other side* Steven!"
Pearl says: "There you are!"
Steven says: "Pearl, sweet!"
Steven says: "Two out of three."
Pearl says: "*noticing what he’s clinging to, worried* Oh, oh!"
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "Be careful!"
Steven says: "Why?"
Steven says: "Wha?"
Steven says: "*looks up and sees a heart-like structure, making beating noises* Whoa..."
Pearl says: "You really shouldn’t be in here, this is the Crystal Heart."
Pearl says: "Oh!"
Pearl says: "It’s connected to the most dangerous areas of the temple!"
Pearl says: "Hold on tight, and don’t look down."
Steven says: "*looks down, sees a dark abyss and starts panicking* Aaah!"
Pearl says: "No!"
Steven says: "*screaming as he slides past a bright room with pink clouds; the music briefly changes to a more serene track* Oh hey, this isn’t so bad."
Steven says: "*continues sliding into a darker room with jagged walls; the serene music stops* Ah, nevermind!"
Trans. The Burning Room.
Steven eventually comes to a halt when the pole bends horizontally. He looks around and see Garnet, walking towards a pool of lava. She takes out Steven's phone, snaps it in half, and drops it into the lava.
Steven says: "Aw..."
Garnet then unfurls the scroll, dips it into the lava and begins to burn it within a bubble. Steven slides off the pole, and Amethyst and Pearl joins him from above.
Pearl says: "*whispering* Steven, we’re getting you out of here."
Amethyst says: "*whispering* Come on."
Steven says: "*yelling* Ah, this is great!"
Steven says: "We’re all together!"
Garnet gasps at Steven's presence. The smoke inside the bubble tries to escape, but is stopped by Garnet.
Steven says: "We can finally eat!"
Steven says: "I mean, we don’t have any forks, but we can use our hands!"
Steven says: "I’m not gonna judge."
Garnet says: "*trying to contain the visibly-struggling smoke in the bubble* Steven, go!"
Steven says: "Okay, want to meet in the kitchen?"
Garnet gets distracted and the bubble pops. The smoke begins to expand and attack the Gems. The Gems then summon their weapons.
Garnet says: "It’s trying to escape!"
Garnet says: "Force it back!"
The Gems begins to fight the smoke monster, physically hurting it while Steven backs away. The smoke monster then dashes towards and hits Steven.
Gems says: "Steven!"
The smoke monster seeps into the Together Breakfast.
Steven says: "Ugh..."
Steven says: "Together Breakfast?"
The Together Breakfast transforms into a massive grotesque monster, made of the breakfast's ingredients, and wraps Steven in syrup. Pearl hurls her spear at it, drawing its attention.
Pearl says: "It’s taken refuge in organic matter!"
Garnet says: "Now it has all the power of a breakfast, we have to destroy it."
Pearl says: "*surrounded by whipped cream* AAH!!!"
Pearl says: "It’s horrible!!!"
The monster snaps Pearl's spear in two. Garnet tries to punch the monster, but her gauntlet gets stuck in whipped cream. Amethyst tries to pull Garnet away.
Steven says: "I didn’t want this!"
Steven says: "*pushes against the weight of the monster with the breakfast plate* I just wanted to eat together like, like best buds!"
Garnet says: "Steven, you’ve got to get away."
Steven says: "But my breakfast!"
The monster launches a giant waffle at Garnet and Amethyst, smashing them into a wall.
Steven says: "THAT’S..."
Steven says: "ENOUGH!"
Steven says: "*starts pushing the monster with great strength* I..."
Steven says: "don’t care if you..."
Steven says: "are the most important meal of the day!"
Steven says: "*shoves the monster towards the lava pool* I made you to bring us together..."
Steven says: "not to tear us apart!!!"
Steven shoves the monster all the way into the lava, burning and destroying it for good. The Gems escape from the monster's previous attacks and gather around Steven at the lava pool.
Steven says: "I’m sorry guys, I guess I dreamed too big."
Trans. Int. Kitchen.
Montage of the Crystal Gems recreating Steven’s original breakfast, but twice the size of his.
Steven says: "It looks great!"
Steven says: "It’s even more together and even more breakfast!"
Steven and the Gems stare at it with great concern and unwillingness to eat it.
Steven says: "I don’t think I can eat this."
Amethyst says: "Let’s order a pizza."
Garnet says: "It did try to kill us."
The star iris zooms in on Garnet as she speaks, ending the episode.
END.