Open Int. Beach House.
Steven holds out a rectangular-shaped gift, wrapped in light green paper, to Peridot.
Steven says: "Special delivery!"
Peridot says: "Oh."
Peridot says: "Wow."
Peridot says: "Thanks."
Peridot says: "*rips open the gift* It's a..."
Peridot says: "a rectangle."
Steven puts the ribbon from the gift wrapping on Peridot's hair.
Steven says: "And a tablet!"
Steven says: "*takes the tablet and turns it on* My dad bought it, but he decided he didn't need it."
Steven says: "He said something about over-saturation of media being a plague to one's mind, so I thought you might like it."
Steven says: "Here."
Steven starts demonstrating how to use the tablet, and Peridot is awe-struck.
Steven says: "You can use your fingers to work it."
Peridot says: "Like my old finger screens!"
Peridot scrolls through the screens of apps on the tablet.
Steven says: "But now you have the Whole Worldwide Web to hang out on."
Peridot says: "Worldwide?"
Peridot says: "Ha!"
Peridot says: "I had the ability to search and retrieve data from across multiple star systems."
Steven says: "Hmm, impressive."
Steven says: "But I can do you one better: TubeTube."
Steven taps the TubeTube icon and it opens up to a cat video. Peridot watches it in perplexity.
Peridot says: "Why was this documented?"
Steven says: "You can log your thoughts on the internet, too."
Steven says: "You just have to keep it under 140 characters."
Peridot says: "*in awe again* That's so many people!"
Peridot continues watching the cat video, emitting clattering sounds and cat yowls.
Steven says: "I can make you an account so you can start logging as soon as you want."
Peridot chuckles in anticipation as Steven sets up a social media account for her.
Peridot says: "I really, really like this, but it's a shame it doesn't come attached to your body."
Peridot says: "*gasps* Oh wait!"
Peridot runs to the Steven's storage cabinet inside the steps and begins rummaging through it.
Steven says: "I'm gonna leave the profile stuff blank for you to fill in later."
Steven says: "There."
Peridot says: "Gimme!"
Peridot snatches the tablet off of Steven's hand and tapes a strap of velcro onto its back.
Peridot says: "*chuckles* Behold!"
Peridot says: "My innovation!"
Peridot dramatically shows off her handiwork, strapping the tablet on a velcro band on her waist while making robotic noises, and does various dramatic poses.
Peridot says: "I've harnessed the power of your interlocking fabric strips."
Steven says: "*chuckles* Good thing I grew out of those shoes."
Peridot says: "*caresses her tablet and sighs* To have tech again."
Peridot says: "It feels good when everything is at your fingertips."
Amethyst says: "Yo."
Amethyst says: "*walks in* You guys look like you're having fun."
Peridot says: "Oh, Amethyst."
Peridot says: "*shows off her handiwork* What do you think?"
Amethyst says: "You look like a square."
Peridot says: "It's a rectangle."
Amethyst says: "Heh, truth."
Amethyst says: "Anyway, you two ready to go or what?"
Peridot says: "Go?"
Steven says: "Yeah."
Steven says: "Amethyst and I were gonna go out, and we wanted you to come, too."
Peridot says: ""Hang out"?"
Peridot says: "Oh, yeah."
Peridot says: "*blushes slightly* That's a friend thing to do."
Peridot says: "So, where are we hanging out, friends?"
Trans. Beach City Funland.
Steven and Amethyst brings Peridot to the Beach City Funland.
Steven says: "Ta-da!"
Steven says: "Welcome to Funland!"
Peridot says: "*looks at the entrance* You brought me to a sign!"
Amethyst says: "Nah, nah."
Amethyst says: "You got to go inside."
Steven and Amethyst pushes Peridot into the fun fair, and the trio watches a roller coaster ride by with people screaming.
Peridot says: "Aha, a speed pattern transportation circuit."
Steven says: "And a roller coaster."
Amethyst says: "You've got to do the most fun thing in Funland first."
Peridot says: "Hmm."
Peridot says: "Bold."
Peridot says: "Let's follow this logic!"
Steven, Amethyst, and Peridot run to the The Appalachian ride, which Mr. Smiley is the operator of.
Steven says: "Three, please!"
Mr. Smiley says: "Sure."
Mr. Smiley says: "We got some new rules, first."
Mr. Smiley points to a height chart and the trio measures their heights for eligibility to ride the Appalachian. Steven and Amethyst grunts in disappointment, being too short. Peridot smiles widely as she surpasses the height limit, but Mr. Smiley gets skeptical. He then pushes Peridot's hair down to see her real height, and it aggravates Peridot as she bursts into a tantrum.
Mr. Smiley says: "Ha-ha!"
Mr. Smiley says: "Sorry, guys."
Mr. Smiley says: "Looks like this squad has some growing to do before you can ride."
Peridot says: "I do not have to grow."
Peridot says: "This height is indicative of my rarity and importance."
Peridot says: "I demand entry, you CLOD!"
Mr. Smiley says: "*clears his throat* You kids want another lifetime ban?"
Steven says: "No thanks, Mr."
Steven says: "Smiley."
Amethyst says: "Shorty Squad out."
Amethyst says: "*leaves as well, and joins up with Steven and Peridot* Well, that stinks."
Steven says: "*sighs* We'll just have to maintain a healthy lifestyle in hopes we grow before the end of the season."
Amethyst says: "*slaps her forehead in epiphany* Ah, of course."
Amethyst says: "Let's just grow!"
Amethyst shapeshifts herself to look like a human teenager.
Steven says: "*gasps* Shape-shifting!"
Steven uses his gem power to stretch his legs up to Amethyst's height. Peridot then attempts to shapeshift herself, as she starts straining, grunting and sweating.
Steven says: "Uh, Peridot?"
Peridot says: "*stops straining, panting* Uh, I..."
Peridot says: "I must be a little rusty."
Peridot says: "Why don't you two just go?"
Steven says: "Aw, what?"
Peridot says: "What?"
Amethyst and Steven stare at the dejected Peridot.
Amethyst says: "You sure?"
Peridot says: "Sure I'm sure."
Peridot says: "I can just look up what a roller coaster feels like."
Peridot says: "Just hurry up and go so you can hurry up and come back."
Amethyst says: "Oh, okay."
Amethyst and Steven, now heightened thanks to shapeshifting, passes the height limit and ride the Appalachian. Peridot watches from below as the two have fun. They both eventually rejoin Peridot's side, back in their normal sizes.
Amethyst says: "So good!"
Steven says: "What next?"
Steven says: "What next?"
Peridot says: "Yes!"
Peridot says: "What next that doesn't have a height restriction?"
Amethyst says: "Uh, there!"
Amethyst points off to a distance and the trio enters the House of Mirrors. Amethyst and Steven are already having fun, laughing and shapeshifting in front of the mirrors, while Peridot just stares gloomy at her deformed reflections in the mirrors, unable to shapeshift to alter them.
Time Skip.
Steven, Amethyst and Peridot begin walking around and checking out the game booths.
Amethyst says: "Ha, this place is fun."
Steven says: "Yeah!"
Steven says: "It totally does live up to its name!"
Peridot searches "am I having fun?" via a search engine, and the dictionary definition for "fun" pops up, causing Peridot to sigh in disappointment.
Amethyst says: "Let's see who can eat the most chili dogs before we go on the Tilt-a-Whirl."
Peridot stops in front of a ring toss game booth and stares at the various alien plush toys hanging around the booth. She then gasps in excitement.
Peridot says: "Steven, Amethyst!"
Peridot says: "Look at this being!"
Peridot says: "Its large head, swollen with thoughts!"
Peridot says: "Those compassionate eyes."
Peridot says: "It understands."
Peridot says: "I need it."
Peridot says: "NOW!"
Steven says: "Peridot, that's a prize."
Steven says: "You have to win it first."
Steven rings a bell at the booth, and Mr. Smiley runs around to stand inside the booth, panting heavily.
Mr. Smiley says: "Hey there, Steven."
Steven says: "Mr."
Steven says: "Smiley, you're working the ring toss, too?"
Steven says: "*hands Mr."
Mr. Smiley says: "Yeah."
Mr. Smiley says: "You can say we're a little "funderstaffed"."
Steven says: "Ha!"
Steven says: "I get it."
Mr. Smiley says: "I'm glad you seeing the humor in it, Steven, because I haven't seen a bed in six days!"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "Oh."
Peridot grabs a ring and tosses it flying over the bottles and hits something off-screen.
Peridot says: "I win!"
Steven says: "Um, well..."
Amethyst says: "You have to land the rings first, broski!"
Amethyst says: "Shorty Squad throw!"
The trio begins throwing rings together at the bottles, with none landing on the bottles, much to Mr. Smiley's growing boredom.
Amethyst says: "Okay, last chance."
Amethyst says: "We got this."
The trio throws their last rings in unison, which collide into one another and missing the bottles, and they groan in defeat.
Amethyst says: "This biz is rigged!"
Peridot says: "I didn't save Earth for this."
Steven says: "Sorry, Peridot."
Amethyst says: "Hmm."
Amethyst says: "No."
Amethyst says: "We're gonna get you that prize."
Amethyst says: "Hey, Mr."
Amethyst says: "Smiley."
Amethyst says: "Is that Onion trying to light the roller coaster on fire?"
Mr. Smiley says: "I'm not falling for that one again."
Mr. Smiley says: "Woah!"
Screams are then heard in the distance, grabbing Mr. Smiley's attention. Onion is then seen holding two cotton candy cones lit on fire in front of a screaming crowd, next to the Appalachian.
Mr. Smiley says: "NO!"
Mr. Smiley says: "I'm still paying off the last lawsuit!"
Amethyst says: "Heh, good old Onion."
Amethyst grabs a ring, extends her arm and drops it onto a bottle. Mr. Smiley then returns, his clothes visibly tattered.
Mr. Smiley says: "All this running around."
Mr. Smiley says: "I'm not even in a union."
Amethyst says: "Yo, Mr."
Amethyst says: "S."
Amethyst says: "While you were gone, Peri got a ring."
Peridot says: "I did?"
Amethyst says: "*whispers* We're lying."
Peridot says: "*begins sweating* Oh, uh, yes, I did land the ring."
Peridot says: "I also do not steal Steven's clothes when he's not looking."
Steven says: "What?"
Mr. Smiley says: "Huh."
Mr. Smiley says: "Would you look at that?"
Mr. Smiley says: "And I thought this thing was rigged."
Mr. Smiley says: "Here you go, kid."
Peridot smiles and opens her arms widely, anticipating a big alien plush toy, but Mr. Smiley places a small alien figure on her finger instead. Peridot, still smiling, then stares at the finger puppet in slight disbelief.
Mr. Smiley says: "It's a little sister."
Peridot says: "Um, excuse me, but you're wrong."
Peridot says: "I'm supposed to win that one."
Mr. Smiley says: "You mean the big guy?"
Mr. Smiley says: "Sorry."
Mr. Smiley says: "That one's 10 rings."
Peridot stares at the alien finger puppet in sheer disappointment. Time passed by, Steven and Amethyst are relaxing and eating corndogs, while Peridot tries to click away from a "Find Roommates" ad on her tablet using the alien finger puppet.
Tablet Ad says: ""Find cute roommates in your area."
Peridot says: "I'm all set, thanks."
Steven says: "That toy you won is really cool, Peridot."
Peridot says: "You mean that Amethyst won, with shapeshifting."
Peridot says: "Maybe they should call it shapeshift land because it's a land where you go to shapeshift."
Amethyst says: "What's wrong with shapeshifting, bro?"
Peridot says: "You mean besides being an insult to your intended form?"
Amethyst says: "..."
Amethyst says: "Okay, what's really wrong with it?"
Peridot says: "I can't do it..."
Peridot says: "at all."
Steven says: "Well, we can help you try."
Peridot says: "What?"
Steven says: "I didn't ever think I could use my powers, either, but then the Gems helped me out."
Steven says: "We can help you, too."
Amethyst says: "Yeah, man."
Amethyst says: "*chomps down the rest of her corndogs* Mmm!"
Amethyst says: "We'll give you the shapeshifting lowdown."
Amethyst says: "*noogies Peridot* Shorty Squad style."
Peridot looks down in uncertainty.
Trans. Beach.
Steven and Amethyst begins demonstrating various shapeshifting acts for Peridot to follow. Firstly, they extends their tongues to lick their elbows, which Peridot is unable to do. Secondly, Amethyst shapeshifts into a cat, Peridot simply can only curls her hands like a cat. Steven shapeshifts one of his fingers into a cat head, which frightens him, and he quickly dunks it into the sea to get rid of it. Meanwhile, an unamused Peridot uses her tablet to send a "cheep" regarding her earlier remark about "shapeshift land", chuckling in the process. Lastly, Amethyst shapeshifts into a ball and throws herself at Steven. Steven extends his arms to catch Amethyst and bounces her towards Peridot. Peridot fails to catch Amethyst and takes a direct hit in the face, leaving her laying face-down on the sand and moaning in pain. Amethyst shapeshifts back to normal and walks up to Peridot with Steven.
Amethyst says: "Uh, okay."
Amethyst says: "Maybe we just have to activate it manually."
Amethyst says: "You grab her feet."
Amethyst says: "I'll grab the arms."
Steven says: "Okay."
Amethyst says: "Ready?"
Amethyst says: "Pull."
Steven and Amethyst starts pulling on Peridot, causing her to chant "Ow" monotonously.
Steven says: "Is it working?"
Amethyst says: "I think so."
Amethyst says: "Pull harder!"
Steven and Amethyst tugs on Peridot harder, and Peridot begins chanting "Ow" faster.
Steven says: "I think I just heard a crack: Amethyst: That's her powers opening, Steven."
Peridot says: "Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow-ow-ow-OW!"
Peridot says: "Drop me now!"
Steven and Amethyst let go of Peridot, dropping her back on the sand.
Peridot says: "This isn't going to work."
Steven says: "Maybe if we keep trying..."
Peridot says: "No."
Peridot says: "*gets up and sits up on the beach shore* My lack of skill is an objective fact."
Peridot says: "I'm an Era-2 Peridot."
Peridot says: "I am new."
Peridot says: "Resources are dwindling on Homeworld."
Peridot says: "They can't make Gems like they used to."
Peridot says: "That's why they give Era-2 Peridots technological enhancements because we..."
Peridot says: "don't have powers."
Amethyst says: "*walks up to Peridot, slightly irritated* Per, I'mma be really real with you for a sec."
Amethyst says: "This whole time we've been here, you've just been focusing on what you can't do."
Amethyst says: "Of course you're not having any fun."
Amethyst says: "You think that all you are is who you could be, but we don't hang out with you because of who you could be."
Amethyst says: "We like you."
Peridot ignores Amethyst and continues typing on her tablet.
Amethyst says: "I know you just heard me."
Peridot, in her frustration, types "CLODS" fifteen times to "cheep", exceeding the characters limit.
Amethyst says: "Stop playing with that thing."
Amethyst says: "Ugh."
Amethyst says: "Gimme that!"
Peridot says: "*tightly holds onto her tablet* NO!!"
Amethyst says: "You don't need it!"
Peridot says: "You don't know that!"
Amethyst says: "Yes."
Amethyst says: "I."
Amethyst says: "do!"
Peridot says: "Wait!"
Peridot says: "Wait-wait-wait-wai-w-w-w-wait!"
Amethyst hurls the tablet to the ocean.
Peridot says: "NO!!"
Peridot says: "IT'S ALL THAT I AM!"
Peridot reaches her arms out in desperation.
Steven says: "Peridot..."
Steven says: "!"
Peridot slowly opens her eyes and realizes she is suspending her tablet in mid-air.
Steven says: "Metal powers!"
Amethyst says: "..."
Amethyst says: "Dude."
Peridot giggles as she begins maneuvering her body around to draw the tablet towards her, while Steven paces around the beach in excitement.
Steven says: "Do you know what this means?"
Steven says: "You can open really tight jars."
Steven says: "You can remove staples without a staple remover."
Steven says: "You can open doors without having to touch them after you wash your hands."
Peridot says: "*successfully retrieves her tablet* No!"
Peridot says: "I know exactly what I can do."
Trans. Beach City Funland.
Back at the ring toss game booth, Peridot uses her newly-found power to levitate and drop the ten rings onto the bottles, while an unsuspecting Mr. Smiley is fast asleep.
Peridot says: "*excitedly rings the bell* 10!"
Peridot says: "That's 10!"
Mr. Smiley says: "*jumps awake* Wah!"
Mr. Smiley says: "That's 10, alright!"
Mr. Smiley says: "Well, I guess you won fair and square, or fair and triangle."
Mr. Smiley says: "*laughs* Because your head looks like a triangle."
Mr. Smiley says: "Here you go, kid."
Peridot reaches out with open arms as she receives the big alien plush reward, hugging it tightly.
Steven says: "Hehe, You did it, Peridot."
Amethyst says: "Give it up for Pea-Pod!"
Three star irises close on the trio.
Peridot says: "No."
Peridot says: "Give it up for the Shorty Squad."
END.