Open Int. Steven's Room.
The screen is filled with static until Steven is seen, as he sets up a camera up to film himself.
Steven says: "Getting in focus..."
Steven says: "okay."
Steven says: "Hey, I'm Steven, and this is my first unboxing video."
Steven says: "I've been a long time fan of the novelty bag community, as you can tell by my..."
Steven says: "Cheeseburger Backpack!"
Steven reaches up and reveals his backpack to the camera. He then holds it close to the camera to reveal a stain in the backpack.
Steven says: "It's kinda dirty, but that's because I love it so much."
Steven says: "*puts the bag away* Anyway, I ordered a brand new novelty bag."
Steven says: "Let's take a look, together!"
Steven blows a raspberry as a star iris closes onto his tongue. The star iris opens with Steven holding the camera at the front door.
Steven says: "*opens the door* So, the package should be here any second now..."
Jamie says: "*facing away* Is the camera ready?"
Steven says: "*whispers* Yeah."
Jamie says: "*inhales* Special, delivery!"
Jamie says: "*turns around and shifts his sunglasses* Can I get a copy of this for my reel?"
The screen is filled with static again, and Steven is seen inside the house, opening the box with a pair of scissor while imitating royal horn sounds.
Steven says: "Bum pa da bum, bum bum bum bum bararam bum bum bum bum, bummm!"
Steven says: "*points the camera to himself* It's the highly anticipated Hot Dog Duffel Bag!"
Steven says: "*turns the camera back at the bag* Now this is a particularly momentous occasion."
Steven says: "Cause this is Wacky Sacks's first duffel bag in their line of sacks!"
Pearl says: "Steven, are you ready to go on the mission?"
Steven points to the camera upwards, showing the Crystal Gems standing by the Warp Pad.
Steven says: "Oh!"
Steven says: "Uh-uhh, I can't!"
Steven says: "I'm doing a video review."
Amethyst says: "Of a box?"
Steven says: "No, of a bag!"
Pearl says: "Ooooh, alright."
Pearl says: "Well, have fun with your bag!"
Amethyst says: "*points down* Looks like Lion is already "helping"."
Steven says: "Wha- Lion!"
Steven points the camera down to see Lion chewing on the box containing the duffel. The star iris closes on Lion, and reopens to Steven in his room with his duffel bag.
Steven says: "*panting* Ok, looks about..."
Steven says: "6-and-a-half hot dogs long, and for all you international viewers that's about..."
Steven says: "7-metric bratwursts."
Steven says: "*touches the bag* Hmm, the bun fabric is really soft."
Steven says: "*pulls the hotdog part* The hot dog part feels kinda scratchy and stiff."
Steven says: "*turns the camera onto himself* My dad likes it when the hot dog skin is all crispy and snappy because he thinks it tastes better."
Steven says: "I don't think there is such a thing as a bad dog though, only bad chefs."
The Temple Gate is then heard activating in the background.
Pearl says: "*shouting* Don't let it into the house!"
Pearl says: "No!"
Growling is heard as Garnet summons her gauntlets off-screen.
Steven says: "*laughs nervously* Sorry for the audio issues, dudes."
Amethyst says: "Waaauggh!"
Amethyst is seen thrown across the room behind Steven, and the screen fills with static again. It quickly cuts back to Steven as he continues reviewing the bag, while fighting and chaos are heard in the background.
Steven says: "*holds the bag* There are three pockets which is really nice, cause sometimes you need more than two!"
A splat of ink suddenly splashes onto Steven's hand and the bag.
Steven says: "Aggh!"
Steven says: "Ugggh."
Steven says: "*looks at his hand, and wipes the bag* Hey, good goo resistance!"
Steven says: "Bonus!"
The screen cuts to static again, showing Steven covered in ink all over his body.
Steven says: "Overall, I'd say this is a pretty good bag, especially if you like hot dogs."
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Steven says: "*smiles nervously* Hey!"
Steven says: "So thanks for watching, please make sure to subscribe to my channel."
Steven says: "Umm, have a nice day and..."
Steven says: "I love you, bye!"
Just then, the Slinker's tentacles are caught on tape.
Pearl says: "*shouting off-screen* Steven!"
The screen cuts to static for a final time.
END.