Open Int. Beach House.
Steven is seen putting on a doctor outfit, as he begins speaking to a patient.
Steven says: "So, how would you like your magical spit administered today?"
The patient revealed to be one of Mayor Nanefua's Ruby bodyguards with a cracked gem, causing her neck to be extended.
Ruby 1.
Ah, geez, uh... the not kissing one?
Steven says: "You got it!"
Steven licks his palm and applies healing spit onto the Ruby's gem, healing the crack and her neck retracts back to normal.
Steven says: "Man, what kind of enemies does the mayor have to keep you landing in my office?"
Ruby 1.
That's classified information, nurse-citizen Universe.
Steven says: "Okay, well, try not to classify too hard out there."
Steven says: "Oh, don't forget your lollipop."
Ruby 1.
Yeah! *chuckles quietly*.
Steven says: "Next patient, please."
A bunch of Quartzes enters into the house, all with cracked gems and physical deformities.
Steven says: "Uh..."
Steven says: "Volleyball must have gotten really wild, huh?"
Trans. Ext. Beach House.
Steven heals the Quartzes and bids them farewell, walking out onto the porch.
Steven says: "Come again!"
Steven says: "Just, like, not too soon."
Steven says: "And remember, volleyball isn't a contact sport!"
Pink Pearl says: "*standing on the porch* Excuse me?"
Steven says: "Oh, it's you!"
Pink Pearl says: "I heard you might be able to help me with this."
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Steven leads Pink Pearl into the house.
Steven says: "You came to the right place."
Steven says: "I'll have you fixed up in a jiffy."
Steven motions Pink Pearl to sit on a chair and licks his palm.
Pink Pearl says: "Uh..."
Steven says: "Oh, sorry."
Steven says: "I-It's never not gross when I do this."
Steven pats his palm onto Pink Pearl's gem and waits... as nothing happens.
Pink Pearl says: "..."
Pink Pearl says: "Did it work?"
Steven says: "Maybe if we try applying it directly to the injury?"
Steven licks and pats his palm onto Pink Pearl's cracked eye, which again results in nothing.
Steven says: "Huh!"
Steven says: "?"
Steven says: "Is it me?"
Steven runs over to a potted plant in the living room and plucks a leaf from it. He then taps on the stem with his healing spit, which results in a flower bouquet blooming.
Steven says: "It's super not me."
Steven says: "Hmm..."
Steven says: "I'm sorry if it's a sore subject, but can you remember anything that happened while you were under White Diamond's control?"
Pink Pearl says: "Nope!"
Pink Pearl says: "8,000 years just, blip, gone!"
Steven says: "So, you must not remember getting this crack in the first place."
Pink Pearl says: "Oh, no, no."
Pink Pearl says: "This is from before."
Steven says: "White hurt you before she controlled you?"
Pink Pearl says: "What?"
Pink Pearl says: "Oh, stars!"
Pink Pearl says: "What a misunderstanding."
Pink Pearl says: "This is all Pink Diamond."
Steven says: "My mom?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven tenses up, briefly turning pink, and Pink Pearl gasps in shock. Steven quickly notices and shakes.
Steven says: "Sorry!"
Steven says: "It's just baggage."
Pink Pearl says: "Is everything..."
Pink Pearl says: "all right?"
Steven says: "Yep, but this is not about me!"
Steven says: "We're gonna get you fixed up, and I know just the Pearl to help us!"
Trans. Ext. Crystal Temple.
Steven drags Pink Pearl out onto the beach, when he barely dodges an incoming volleyball. On the beach, a volleyball court is set up, where the Quartzes are playing volleyball aggressively while Pearl acts as the referee.
Angel Aura Quartz says: "Think fast!"
Zebra Jasper says: "Gaahh!"
Pearl says: "*blows a whistle* Next set."
Pearl says: "*notices Steven* Well, if it isn't my favorite medical professional."
Steven says: "Pearl, do you have a minute for me and my friend?"
Pearl says: "*notices Pink Pearl*..."
Pearl says: "Sure."
Pearl says: "Did you come to compete?"
Pink Pearl says: "Pardon?"
Pearl says: "Oh, I mean..."
Pearl says: "*blushes sheepishly* In the volleyball tournament."
Steven says: "Oh, actually, we came here because we need your help."
Pearl says: "Oh, what can I do for you?"
Steven says: "So, this is Pearl."
Steven says: "She was Mom's- I mean, Pink Diamond's Pearl, too, a long time ago."
Steven says: "And, Pearl, you remember Pearl?"
Steven says: "She was also Pink Diamond's Pearl- Argh, that's too many Pearls!"
Steven says: "We should probably give you a nickname."
Pink Pearl says: "*blushes slightly* A nickname?"
Steven says: "*chuckling* Yeah."
Steven says: "A nickname, you know?"
Pink Pearl says: "Oh, no, I know what a nickname is."
Pink Pearl says: "It's just that it reminds me so much of Pink."
Pink Pearl says: "She used to give silly little names to everything."
Pink Pearl says: "*reminiscing over Pink* She was so funny like that."
Pearl says: "Looks like someone's still got it bad."
Steven says: "What about..."
Steven says: "*gets hit by a volleyball* "Volleyball"?"
Pink Pearl says: "*giggles* "Volleyball"?"
Pink Pearl says: "That's so funny."
Pink Pearl says: "You're just like her."
Steven says: "No, no, no."
Steven says: "I'm not like..."
Steven says: "*sighs* Anyway, we're here because of the crack on her face."
Pearl says: "Oh, poor thing."
Pearl says: "*whispers* It's such a shame what White did to her."
Steven tenses up again, turning pink once more.
Pearl says: "Steven?"
Angel Aura Quartz says: "Waahhh!"
Angel Aura Quartz gets knocked flying across the place in the background and crashes into the sand, which snaps Steven out of his pink state back to reality.
Steven says: "It doesn't matter how it happened!"
Steven says: "What matters is finding a way to fix it."
Steven says: "My healing powers didn't work on her."
Steven says: "We thought maybe you know what to do."
Pearl says: "Well, when a Pearl was damaged, they were usually brought to the Reef."
Pink Pearl says: "Yes!"
Pink Pearl says: "That's exactly what Pink would do."
Pearl says: "Well, I was her Pearl."
Pink Pearl says: "Me, too!"
Pink Pearl says: "We were very close."
Pearl says: "*chuckles* I love your energy."
Pearl says: "It reminds me of when I was younger."
Pink Pearl says: "I'm older than you."
Pearl gets hit in the head by a volleyball, as she glares at Pink Pearl in unrest.
Trans. Int. The Reef.
Following Pearl's advice, Steven and the Pearls warp through toward the oyster-shaped facility.
Pearl says: "Here we are."
Steven says: "This is The Reef?"
Steven says: "Is this where Pearls are made?"
Pearl says: "Were, but yes."
Pink Pearl says: "It also serves as a luxury boutique and a center for refurbishment and repair."
Steven says: "Repair, yes!"
Steven says: "Just what I wanted to hear."
Steven places his hand on a hand pedestal in the center of the room and activates the facility.
Shell says: "Welcome, Pink Diamond."
Steven says: "Uh, no."
Steven says: "I'm Steven Universe."
Shell says: "Welcome, Steven Universe."
Shell says: "I am Shell, your guide to the Reef."
Steven says: "Uh, hi, Shell."
Steven says: "My friend, Volleyball, has a crack on her face, and we were hoping you could fix it."
Shell says: "Understood."
Shell says: "Please follow the illuminated path to the Care Center."
Pink Pearl says: "You really didn't have to come all the way out here for such a trivial thing."
Steven says: "It's not trivial."
Steven says: "Soon, we'll all be able to put the past behind us."
Pearl says: "Don't worry, Volleyball."
Pearl says: "I'll be right here holding your hand."
Steven and the Pearls begins following the lit pathway, entering a boutique hallway display various Pearl holograms and accessories.
Steven says: "Whoa-ho!"
Shell says: "Please feel free to take your time looking through the latest offerings in accessories and appearance modifiers as we make our way to the Care Center."
Pink Pearl says: "*gasps* Look at these darling fans!"
Steven says: "What about you, Pearl?"
Steven says: "Any rush of nostalgia?"
Pearl says: "Please, nothing like looking at glitzy tchotchkes to get you nostalgic for a simpler time."
Pearl says: "*looks at a ribbon wand* I mean, really, who even needs junk like this?"
Pearl says: "Right, Volleyball?"
Pink Pearl says: "*gasps* What a sweet ribbon wand!"
Pink Pearl says: "It's just like mine."
Pink Pearl summons a ribbon wand of her own and twirls it around elegantly.
Pink Pearl says: "It was a gift from Pink."
Pink Pearl says: "Isn't it exquisite?"
Pink Pearl says: "What did Pink get you?"
Pearl says: "*laughs* It's sweet that you have these keepsakes, but, well, no need to be overly..."
Pearl says: "attached."
Out of spite, Pearl attempts to snatch the ribbon wand away from Pink Pearl, unmoved and gripping onto it tightly.
Steven says: "Guys, can we keep moving?"
Pearl says: "Yes, let's."
Pearl says: "*stomps off* I've certainly had about enough of this circus of objectification."
Trans. Int. Care Center.
Shell says: "Welcome to the Care Center."
Shell says: "We have everything here to update or repair any Pearl."
Pink Pearl steps onto a panel in the middle of the room.
Shell says: "Scanning in progress."
Pink Pearl says: "So, how do I look?"
Shell says: "I am sorry."
Shell says: "There is nothing I can do."
Steven says: "But you just told us you could repair any Pearl!"
Shell says: "Her physical form shows damage, but her pearl is perfectly fine."
Shell says: "This injury must have been so impactful that it continues to manifest despite the fact that her pearl has been repaired."
Steven says: "So, it's like..."
Steven says: "psychological?"
Pink Pearl says: "That's absurd!"
Pink Pearl says: "I am fine."
Pink Pearl turns to Steven and Pearl, forcing a smile, as more cracks manifest on her eye.
Steven says: "*frightened* Ahh..."
Pearl says: "How could White be so careless?"
Pink Pearl says: "*chuckling* Oh, no, Pearl."
Pink Pearl says: "You've got it all wrong."
Pink Pearl says: "Pink did this."
Pearl says: "What did you say?"
Steven says: "Pearl, no!"
Pink Pearl says: "It's a funny story, really."
Pink Pearl says: "Once, Pink got tired of asking Yellow and Blue for her own colony, so she went straight to White."
Pink Pearl says: "Of course, White told her she wasn't fit to run one, and, well, that set her off."
Pearl says: ""Set her off?"
Pearl says: "" What are you talking about?"
Pink Pearl says: "You remember how she was with her destructive powers, throwing tantrums left and right."
Pink Pearl says: "She had a scream that could crack the walls."
Pink Pearl says: "She didn't mean to hurt me."
Steven says: "*covers his ears in anguish* Doesn't matter, I'm gonna fix it!"
Pearl says: "Destructive powers?"
Pearl says: "Pink didn't have destructive powers; she was a healer!"
Pearl says: "She didn't throw tantrums; she kept her feelings secret."
Pink Pearl says: "The Pink I knew couldn't keep a secret to save her gem."
Pearl says: "Are you kidding?"
Pearl says: "If anything, she was too good at keeping secrets, even from me!"
Steven glares furiously. His entire body turns pink.
Steven says: "*groans loudly* Stop it!"
Steven says: "I can't deal with one more horrible thing she did, Okay?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "I don't want to hear about it!"
Steven says: "I don't even want to think about it!"
Pearl says: "Steven..."
Pearl says: "!"
Steven says: "I just..."
Steven says: "want to fix it!"
Steven unleashes a room-wrecking shockwave from his rage, causing a crater beneath him and cracks everywhere in the room. Pink Pearl cowers in sheer fear, traumatized by her past experience. Steven glowers with his entire body still pink. He looks down at the cracked floor seeing his glowing reflection and immanently regrets his actions as he changes back to his normal color. Suddenly, The room turns red.
Shell says: "I am terribly sorry for the troubles these defective Pearls have brought you."
Shell says: "For Pearls exhibiting problems this severe, rejuvenation is required."
Steven says: "What!"
Steven says: "?"
A pair of oyster shells then encases Pearl and Pink Pearl on the panel.
Shell says: "When the process is complete, they will obey you without fail."
Steven says: "No, no, no, no!"
Steven says: "What have I done?"
Steven says: "*bangs on the shells* Shell, stop it!"
Shell says: "Do not worry, Steven Universe."
Shell says: "Your Pearls are about to be better than new."
Shell says: "Feel free to watch their progress on the view screen."
A pink rejuvenation electricity begins zapping both Pearls, and they both scream and groan in agony. As pink circuitry courses through their bodies, Pearl places her hand over Pink Pearl's shoulder.
Pearl says: "I'm sorry for not believing you."
Pearl says: "It looks like I'm still making excuses for her."
Pink Pearl says: "Is that what I've been doing?!"
Pink Pearl says: "!"
Pink Pearl says: "But she didn't mean to!"
Pearl says: "But you were hurt- badly hurt!"
Pink Pearl says: "I was badly hurt- How did you stop hurting?"
Pearl says: "*hugs Pink Pearl* I didn't."
Reciprocating the hug, the two Pearls begin glowing together, as the screen dissipates. Steven flinches backwards as the shells begin to crack and burst open, presenting Mega Pearl.
Steven says: "You fused!"
Stabilizing her body, Mega Pearl stands proudly and confidently. Shell's core begins glowing red in high alert.
Shell says: "Warning: Unauthorized entity found within the facility."
Shell says: "Defense protocol activated."
Claws emerge from the walls towards Mega Pearl, who dexterously and elegantly slices away with her ribbon wand.
Steven says: "Quick, let's go back to the entrance to shut down the Reef!"
Steven says: "Whoa, whoa!"
The door to the Care Center suddenly closes. Mega Pearl picks Steven up and slices through the door. Lasers begin blasting from the walls, and Mega Pearl maneuvers through them with grace.
Steven says: "Yeah, almost there!"
As one last defense, giant clam shells emerge from the walls to block the exit, and tendrils grab hold of Mega Pearl to halt her movement forward.
Mega Pearl says: "It's up to you now, Steven."
Mega Pearls transforms her ribbon wand into a lance and hurls it, piercing through the many shells up front. She chucks Steven through, and he slides with his shield to the hand pedestal, shutting the Reef down and deactivating its defenses just in time. Exhausted, but relieved, Steven and Mega Pearl smile at each other, and depart from the Reef at last.
Trans. Ext. Beach House.
It is night-time, Steven sits alone and somber on the beach, drawing in the sand, when Mega Pearl approaches from behind.
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "I'm so sorry."
Steven says: "The whole trip was for nothing."
Mega Pearl says: "No, it wasn't for nothing."
Mega Pearl says: "Your mother's Pearls never had the whole picture."
Mega Pearl says: "One knew your mother was trying to change, but she couldn't understand why."
Mega Pearl says: "The other never expected her to change at all."
Mega Pearl says: "Now, I get to understand everything."
Mega Pearl says: "Now, they finally get to have each other."
Mega Pearl unfuses back into Pearl and Pink Pearl, still holding hands and heartful to one another. Pink Pearl leans on Pearl's shoulder and gazes out to the distant skyline, with a glimmering eye.
END.