Open Ext. Flower Meadow.
The Crystal Gems are returning to the Warp Pad in the middle of a flower meadow, discussing their latest Gem monster encounter.
Pearl says: "I can't believe that went so well!"
Amethyst says: "That was kinda great when you hit it with your spear and it went, like, "bing-bong!"
Pearl says: "*blushes* And the way you were circling around it?"
Pearl says: "Almost looked like strategy."
Amethyst says: "*laughs and blushes* Well, you know, I can do that stuff, too."
Garnet sends a bubbled gem, as Steven emerges from the meadow with runny eyes and nose.
Steven says: "Wait up!"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "*panting heavily* Sorry I couldn't help much, I think the flowers are making me—"
Steven says: "Ah..."
Steven says: "Aaah..."
Steven says: "*sneezes at Garnet's hip* Sorry, Garnet."
Garnet says: "I'll live."
Pearl says: "Oh, Steven, you're supposed to sneeze into your antecubital fossa."
Steven says: "My what?"
Pearl says: "Your..."
Pearl says: "This thing."
Steven looks at his elbow as the Crystal Gems warp out. They travel through the warp stream when Steven feels the urge to sneeze again.
Amethyst says: "Do it at Pearl!"
Pearl says: "*panics* Steven, your fossa!"
Steven sneezes downwards, propelling himself upward in the warp stream.
Pearl says: "Oh!"
Steven says: "Whoa!"
Steven says: "Wha?"
Steven says: "*breathing heavily* Whoa."
Steven's head pops out of the warp stream and Steven is able to see the Warp Space, cackling with lightnings everywhere. He then sees another warp stream, carrying a small object through it.
Steven says: "Huh?"
Steven says: "Whoa!"
Pearl says: "*pulls Steven back into the stream* Careful!"
Pearl says: "It's dangerous to stick your head out of the stream!"
Garnet says: "There's not much air, and it's very cold."
Steven says: "You guys, I saw something out there!"
Pearl says: "What?"
Steven says: "Something warping!"
Pearl says: "Steven, that's not possible."
Pearl says: "Is your vision blurry from the pollen?"
Steven says: "I can see perfectly..."
Steven says: "*squints his eyes* Pearl?"
Steven says: "I know there's something out there!"
Garnet says: "There's nothing out there, Steven."
Garnet says: "There hasn't been anything else for a long, long time."
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Steven is lying in bed, staring at the ceiling and trying to sleep for the night. He slowly drifts off to sleep, but then snaps himself back awake. He turns to look at the Temple Gate's warp pad, when the kitchen refrigerator suddenly opens, startling him.
Steven says: "Aaah!"
Steven says: "Amethyst!"
Amethyst says: "*munching on food from the refrigerator* Hey, Steven!"
Amethyst says: "Want some macaroni cheese?"
Steven says: "*sighs, as Amethyst returns back into the temple, and halts her* W-wait!"
Steven says: "I can't sleep."
Amethyst says: "Why?"
Amethyst says: "Are you scared of that thing you saw warping right into the house and attacking you in your sleep?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Steven says: "..."
Steven says: "No..."
Steven says: "?"
Amethyst says: "Oh, good!"
Amethyst says: "Good."
Amethyst says: "Nighty night!"
Amethyst says: "Don't let the warp monster bite!"
Steven says: "*sighs, arms himself with a water gun and stands on guard at the front door* Looks like I'm not sleeping tonight."
Time Skip — Next morning.
Steven is fast asleep, leaning against the front door, water gun in hand.
Steven says: "Aah!"
Steven says: "Aghh!"
Pearl says: "Gah!"
Steven says: "Oh, Pearl."
Garnet says: "*reveals a tray of cookies behind her back* Now you're not getting any cookies."
Amethyst says: "Cookies?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Amethyst says: "I'll take 'em!"
Garnet whistles Amethyst over, and she grabs the tray of cookies and gobbles them all up.
Garnet says: "Slow down, Amethyst."
Steven says: "I'm sorry, Pearl."
Steven says: "I just, I guess I didn't..."
Garnet says: "Didn't sleep."
Steven says: "*yawns with visible eye bags* Maybe."
Pearl says: "Oh, Steven!"
Pearl says: "*wipes her eyes* This isn't about the thing you think you saw outside the warp stream yesterday, is it?"
Amethyst tosses the cookie tray away, making a loud "clang" and startling the others.
Steven says: "But it was real!"
Steven says: "Something was warping somewhere in the warp!"
Pearl says: "*puts both hands on Steven's cheeks* Listen."
Pearl says: "Nothing on Earth can use the warps but us."
Pearl says: "Do you understand?"
Pearl says: "Steven, nod in agreement if you understand."
Pearl says: "Nod in agreement—"
Garnet says: "I'm confident Pearl is right."
Garnet says: "But if it'll make you feel better, we can just go check."
Steven removes Pearl's hands off of his cheeks and nods, smiling gratefully. Steven first warp the Gems back to the flower meadow.
Garnet says: "Nothing unusual."
Garnet says: "Bless you."
The Crystal Gems then warp to the Geode.
Pearl says: "Nothing here, either."
Pearl says: "And the geode is holding nicely."
The Crystal Gems then warp to the Sky Spire.
Amethyst says: "Whoa!"
Amethyst says: "Now that's something!"
Amethyst says: "*points at Steven Jr."
Amethyst says: "nearby, with a pair of kids* Heh."
Amethyst says: "Steven Jr."
Amethyst says: "'s been busy."
Amethyst says: "*laughs* This makes you a grandpa!"
Garnet says: "*rubs Steven's head gently* Congratulations."
Steven says: "Hey!"
Steven says: "We're getting off task here!"
Pearl says: "We've looked all over!"
Pearl says: "There's nothing out here to find!"
Steven says: "*mumbles and rolls his eyes* But you're wrong."
Pearl says: "Excuse me?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Pearl says: "Nothing on Earth can use these warps but us!"
Steven says: "Well, what if it came from space?"
Pearl says: "I-..."
Pearl says: "don't appreciate your tone."
The Crystal Gems then warp to the Galaxy Warp.
Pearl says: "*walks towards to the Homeworld warp* These are the warps that once connected us to other planets."
Pearl says: "If something tried to come from space, it would be through here."
Pearl says: "But wait!"
Pearl says: "This warp pad is broken, marked inactive by the very depressed cartoon breakfast sticker you placed here yourself!"
Amethyst says: "*walks up to Steven and nuzzles against him* Look, Pearl's right, like usual."
Amethyst says: "Ugh!"
Amethyst says: "You get used to it."
Garnet says: "*places her hand on Steven's head, which he quickly grabs away* We're safe."
Steven says: "Well, I guess so."
Steven places his hand besides the Crying Breakfast Friends sticker, still unhappy, while the Gems sigh in relief.
Amethyst says: "Oh, man!"
Amethyst says: "Finally!"
Amethyst says: "That took all day."
Garnet says: "It was important to make Steven feel secure."
Pearl says: "Yes, Steven feels much better now."
Steven says: "*gets angrier* I'm a little tired..."
Steven says: "of you guys telling me how I feel!"
Steven says: "I know I saw something outside the stream!"
Pearl says: "And I know you didn't!"
Pearl and Steven begins to argue.
Pearl says: "You don't tell me- what I already know!"
Steven says: "Why is it so hard to just "listen to Steven"?"
Steven says: "You don't care what I have to say!"
Steven says: "You just want to do it your way!"
Amethyst and Garnet both look at each other.
Amethyst says: "Uh, this is new."
Amethyst says: "I kind of like it."
Pearl says: "*rolling her eyes* Steven, you just don't know what you're talking about."
Steven says: "It sounds like..."
Steven says: "maybe..."
Steven says: "YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT!"
Pearl says: "*frustrated* UGH!"
Garnet says: "*gets in between Steven and Pearl* Okay, Steven, that's enough."
Garnet says: "Let it go."
Int. the Beach House.
Amethyst exits her room and sees Steven sitting in front of the warp pad, still in unrest.
Amethyst says: "Hey, dude."
An exhausted Steven looks up at Amethyst briefly, then back to the warp pad.
Amethyst says: "*walks up to Steven* You still on about that thing in the stream?"
Steven shrugs.
Amethyst says: "Uh, what'cha eating?"
Steven says: "Macaroni and nothing."
Amethyst says: "Ugh."
Amethyst says: "Whatever."
Amethyst says: "We can hang out again when you stop being such a sad sack."
Steven says: "Ugh!"
Steven says: "Why am I doing this?"
Steven says: "Fine."
Steven says: "I give up!"
Steven says: "Steven was wrong and everyone else was right!"
Steven says: "Nothing's going to come through that warp pad!"
A spherical object suddenly crashes through the ceiling of the house and onto the floor. It slowly activates, revealing to be a robonoid, and walks towards the warp pad.
Steven says: "*starts laughing hysterically* You were the thing in the warp stream!"
Steven says: "*looking at the hole in the ceiling* You did come from space!"
Steven says: "*gasps* You're trying to get to the warp pad, aren't ya?"
The robonoid tries to get around Steven, who is blocking its path.
Steven says: "Amethyst, come back!"
Steven says: "Oof!"
The robonoid pounces at Steven, knocking him back, and lands on his chest.
Steven says: "I knew it!"
Steven says: "I did see something!"
The robonoid opens a hatch and reveals a small cannon.
Steven says: "Guys!"
Steven says: "I was right!"
Steven says: "Waah!"
The robonoid shoots green goo at him and Steven pins it to the floor.
Steven says: "Guys!"
Steven says: "Come on!"
Steven says: "Check this out!"
Steven says: "Ow!"
The robonoid then attacks Steven with its legs. He grabs one of its legs and throws it at the warp pad, cracking both the robonoid and the warp pad.
Steven says: "Aah!"
Steven says: "Sorry!"
Steven says: "Huh?"
The damaged robonoid fixes the crack of the warp pad, by spraying green goo at it, and then begins to activate it.
Steven says: "Oh, no, you don't!"
Steven says: "*leaps at the robonoid* Garnet!"
Steven says: "Amethyst!"
Steven says: "Peeearl!"
Steven and the robonoid get warped away and travel through the warp stream.
Steven says: "Where are you going?!"
Steven says: "!"
More robonoids appear inside the warp stream.
Steven says: "Huh?"
Steven says: "Y-you're coming from all over?"
Steven says: "Ow!"
Steven says: "Hey!"
Steven says: "Stop it!"
Steven says: "Whoa!"
Steven says: "Huh?"
The robonoids pile on Steven and attempt to shove him out of the warp stream. His head is forced out, and he can see several other warp streams in the Warp Space, transporting more robonoids towards a single destination.
Steven says: "Unnhhh!"
Steven says: "I won't let you—"
Steven says: "Unh!"
Steven tries to force his way back in the warp stream, but the robonoids manage to shove him out. Steven begins floating away in the Warp Space, still clutching a robonoid.
Steven says: "*gasps for breath and shivers* I was right..."
Steven says: "*chuckles weakly* And now I'm gonna die..."
Steven says: "a tired..."
Steven says: "frozen little..."
Steven says: "sad sack..."
Steven says: "Huh?"
A pair of hands reaches out of the warp stream and pulls Steven inside, revealing to be Garnet. Steven holds onto Garnet tightly as he weeps, shivers and gasps for air.
Garnet says: "Take deep breaths."
Garnet says: "*takes the robonoid from Steven* So, this is what you saw."
Steven says: "*tearfully* I don't care about that!"
Garnet says: "I do."
Garnet says: "*adjusts her visor* I should've listened to you."
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "*catches up in the warp stream* Are you okay?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Pearl says: "Amethyst heard the Warp Pad activate, and Garnet said you were floating outside the stream and *sees the robonoid in Garnet's hand* Uh..."
Pearl says: "What is that?"
Steven says: "You don't know?"
Amethyst says: "Whoooah, that thing's far out."
Steven says: "It's some kind of space robot."
Steven says: "There were tons of them!"
Steven says: "And it looked like they were all going to the same place."
The Crystal Gems follow through the warp stream and arrive at the Galaxy Warp. The robonoid in Garnet's hand escapes and walks up towards the warp pad to Homeworld, joining several other robonoids. The Crystal Gems run forwards and see all the robonoids spraying green goo on the Homeworld warp.
Pearl says: "What are they doing to the Homeworld warp?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Amethyst says: "There's a million of them!"
Amethyst says: "They fixed it?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Steven says: "What does that mean?"
Pearl says: "*jumps in* Ah- I..."
Pearl says: "don't know!"
The Homeworld warp begins to activate and the Crystal Gems gasp in shock. Garnet quickly grabs Steven, Pearl and Amethyst and hides behind a tall rock. They watch at an unknown Gem arrives, looks around, and lightly stomps on the Homeworld warp.
Peridot says: "Hmm."
Pearl says: "*whispering* Who is that?"
Garnet says: "*whispering* No idea."
Peridot says: "*turns on a screen with her floating fingers* Log date, 3 1 2."
Peridot says: "This is Peridot, performing Earth hub maintenance check."
Steven says: "Peridot."
Steven says: "Her name is Peridot."
Pearl and Amethyst quickly cover his mouth.
Peridot says: "Warp repair a success."
Peridot says: "All 79 Flask Robonoids deployed and accounted for."
The Flask Robonoid that was damaged by Steven tries to crawl up Peridot's leg, but falls off and rolls back and forth.
Steven says: "*peeking* Aww."
Steven says: "The little ones are like her babies."
Peridot, annoyed, steps on the damaged Flask Robonoid and presses against it, until it is crushed under her foot. Steven gasps loudly but quickly covers his mouth. Pearl and Amethyst raise their hands to pull Steven back in hiding, but he waves his hand at both of them and gets back down himself.
Peridot says: "Now to access the domestic warp."
Peridot walks down the steps of the Homeworld warp.
Peridot says: "Huh?"
Peridot sees the Crying Breakfast Friends sticker on the Homeworld warp and picks it up.
Peridot says: "Huh."
Peridot says: "*looks around* This site may have been compromised."
Peridot returns back on the Homeworld warp and warps away, leaving a glowing green stone behind. The stone starts beeping and then detonates, deactivating all the Flask Robonoids. The Crystal Gems then come out of hiding.
Pearl says: "They're coming back."
Pearl says: "I can't do this."
Pearl says: "*covers her face in fear* Not again."
Amethyst says: "We're dead!"
Amethyst says: "We are so dead!"
Steven says: "Was that another Gem?"
Steven says: "Where did she come from?"
Steven says: "What was she trying to do?"
Steven says: "Huh?"
Garnet says: "*approaches the Homeworld warp* It doesn't matter."
Steven says: "Whoa..."
Amethyst says: "Whoa..."
Steven, Pearl and Amethyst watch as Garnet enlarges her gauntlets to a giant size and smashes the Homeworld warp.
Garnet says: "She's not coming back!"
END.