The episode opens with the faces of Garnet, Pearl and Amethyst, and a scribble on a chalkboard reading "The Crystal Gems", before the "Crystal" is replaced with "Classroom".
Altogether says: "The Classroom Gems!"
Altogether says: "What are Gems?"
Pearl says: "Welcome to Gem classroom."
Pearl says: "I'm Pearl, and today we're going to talk about what Gems are."
Three gemstones, one blue, one red, and one purple going to the right, appear on a chalkboard behind Pearl.
Pearl says: "Simplified down to our basic form, Gems are- *chuckles* Well, just gems."
Pearl says: "*giggles* Our bodies are actually projections generated by our gemstone."
The gemstones transform into Garnet and Amethyst.
Pearl says: "Think of it like a hologram, but with mass."
Amethyst says: "Nice mass."
Garnet says: "I know."
Pearl says: "Ahem!"
Pearl says: "Though Gems are extraordinarily resilient, if they're seriously hurt, they will release their physical form."
Amethyst says: "Yow!"
Garnet hits Amethyst on the head, causing her to poof back into her gemstone.
Pearl says: "And poof back to just their gem."
Garnet flings Amethyst's gemstone from her foot to her hand, and begins throwing it up and down.
Pearl says: "This way, they can most efficiently put all of their energy into regenerating themselves."
Garnet bubbles Amethyst's gemstone.
Pearl says: "Or trapped in an object, making it impossible to re-form."
Pearl says: "But don't worry."
Garnet pops the bubble containing Amethyst's gemstone, dropping it on the ground.
Pearl says: "As long as the gemstone isn't damaged, the Gem will be able to regenerate."
Amethyst instantly regenerates back to her projected form.
Amethyst says: "Ta-da!"
Amethyst says: "Check me out!"
Amethyst says: "Ha!"
Amethyst says: "I'm as good as new!"
Pearl says: "But..."
Amethyst shapeshifts a third arm on her head and begins wiggling her arms around.
Amethyst says: "Things get really weird."
Pearl says: "And if a Gem's gem is shattered completely, they'll cease to be."
Amethyst says: "Good thing I'm super tough."
Garnet says: "Mm-hmm."
Garnet summons her gauntlet and tries to hit Amethyst, who quickly dodges away.
Amethyst says: "Whoa!"
Amethyst says: "Not that tough!"
Amethyst says: "Waahhh!"
Garnet begins chasing after Amethyst off the chalkboard.
Pearl says: "That's all for today's lesson."
Amethyst runs by, still being chased by Garnet.
Pearl says: "Ahem!"
Steven says: "*waving his hand rapidly* Wait, I have a question."
Garnet and Amethyst run by again.
Steven says: "What if a Gem is half human?"
Pearl says: "That is a very good question!"
Pearl says: "The answer is you!"
Steven says: "*gasps* Me!"
The word "Homework" appears on the chalkboard behind Pearl.
Pearl says: "Why don't you write an essay about what it's like to be yourself?"
Steven says: "What's an essay?"
Pearl says: "Ehh..."
Pearl says: "Class dismissed!"
The school bell rings as the words "Class Dismissed!" are shown.
END.