Open Int. Beach House.
Following the events in "Now We're Only Falling Apart", Sapphire, Steven and Pearl warp back home from Rose's Fountain.
Sapphire says: "Ruby!"
Sapphire says: "I’m so sorry!"
Sapphire says: "Where..."
Sapphire says: "?"
Sapphire says: "Huh?"
Sapphire finds a note on the floor that has “Sapphire” written on it.
Sapphire says: "Oh no."
Sapphire picks up the note and begins to read it.
Sapphire says: ""Sapphire, you were right."
Sapphire says: "I need some time to think, so I am running away?"
Sapphire says: "Ruby."
Sapphire says: "" This can’t be happening."
Sapphire says: "*starts crying* Oh Ruby, I’m so sorry."
Sapphire says: "You left before I can take back all the horrible things I said to you."
Pearl takes the letter off of Sapphire’s hand and reads it as well.
Pearl says: "Well..."
Pearl says: "Amethyst was with her, right?"
Pearl says: "Maybe she knows she went."
Electronic sounds are heard, and the group finds Amethyst playing video games on Steven's bed.
Steven says: "Amethyst, have you seen Ruby?"
Amethyst says: "Yeah, I've seen her."
Amethyst says: "Huh, she asked me for a pen and paper a while ago."
Amethyst says: "Why?"
Pearl says: "Because, she ran away!"
Pearl says: "*shoves the letter in Amethyst's face* Did you see where she went?"
Amethyst says: "I don't know, maybe she'll come back."
Amethyst says: "It's not my job to babysit her."
Amethyst says: "*pauses the game* Hey, Steven!"
Amethyst says: "Get over here, I need a Player Two!"
Steven says: "Hold on a second, Amethyst."
Steven says: "Do you see her coming back in your future vision, Sapphire?"
Sapphire says: "Oh?"
Sapphire says: "Oh!"
Sapphire says: "Maybe!"
Sapphire says: "But..."
Sapphire says: "She's so wonderful..."
Sapphire says: "and spontaneous!"
Sapphire says: "I have no idea what she could- Why would she be a cowboy?!"
Sapphire says: "!"
Sapphire clings to Pearl's legs and begins sobbing loudly. Pearl pats her head, kneels down to her level and holds Sapphire's hands.
Pearl says: "There, there."
Pearl says: "It's going to be okay."
Pearl says: "She's going to come back!"
Pearl says: "She's got to come back!"
Pearl says: "If she doesn't then..."
Pearl says: "then, there would be no more Garnet."
Pearl says: "And..."
Pearl says: "what on Earth would we do without Garnet?"
Sapphire says: "Oh, Pearl!"
Sapphire says: "How will I ever get her back?!"
Sapphire says: "!"
Pearl embraces Sapphire, as Sapphire clings to Pearl's arm, visibly trembling.
Pearl says: "I- I don't know!"
Pearl says: "You two are incredible together!"
Pearl says: "It can't be over!"
Pearl says: "It can't be!!"
Both Pearl and Sapphire begin sobbing loudly together, while Amethyst watches on uncomfortably.
Amethyst says: "Uhh..."
Amethyst says: "Why don’t you two take all of this into the Temple?"
Amethyst says: "*sighs* Steven and I are going to play some video games."
Steven says: "No, no, it’s ok!"
Steven says: "Don’t worry Sapphire."
Steven says: "I’m gonna go out and find Ruby."
Amethyst says: "What?"
Steven says: "I’ll be right back with her in no time."
Steven walks off, leaving Amethyst behind, while Pearl and Sapphire continue to sob loudly.
Amethyst says: "Yo Steven, wait up!"
Amethyst says: "I’m coming too."
Trans. Ext. Beach House.
Steven begins looking around while Amethyst unenthusiastically walks up to him.
Steven says: "I don’t think Ruby used the Warp Pad."
Steven says: "She said she was running away, not warping away; she’s usually pretty literal."
Steven says: "We just need to figure out which direction she ran in."
Amethyst says: "So, how do we do that?"
Steven says: "Uh..."
Steven says: "Let's try putting ourselves in Ruby's shoes."
Amethyst says: "*shapeshifts into Ruby* Heheheh, now what?"
Steven says: "Amethyst, be serious."
Amethyst looks umamused.
Steven says: "She could've only gone in one of two directions, either into town, or into the ocean."
Steven and Amethyst ponder for a moment.
Trans. Int. Ocean.
Steven and Amethyst decide to search around the ocean first for Ruby.
Steven says: "*in his bubble shield* Ruby!"
Steven says: "Ruuuby!"
Amethyst says: "*muffled underwater* Ruby!"
Trans. Int. Beach House.
Steven and Amethyst exits the ocean, after searching for Ruby with no luck.
Steven says: "Okay..."
Steven says: "So..."
Steven says: "She wasn't underwater..."
Steven and Amethyst start walking towards Beach City.
Steven says: "Ruby!"
Steven says: "?"
Amethyst says: "*unenthusiastically* Ruby..."
Amethyst nudges a seashell on the sand gently with her foot.
Amethyst says: "Ruby?"
Steven says: "I really don't think she's hiding under a seashell."
Amethyst says: "Maybe Ruby shapeshifted really small!"
Amethyst says: "You never know."
Amethyst shapeshifts really small and climbs inside the seashell.
Amethyst says: "What a spacious house!"
Amethyst says: "I'll keep it."
Steven says: "*picks up the seashell* Amethyst..."
Steven says: "You know I love these great goofs but..."
Steven says: "*sighs* I'm worried about Ruby, can you stop messing around and turn back to normal?"
Amethyst says: "You're the boss."
Amethyst shapeshifts back to her normal size, bursting out of the seashell and falling on top of Steven, who is unimpressed.
Steven says: "*sighs* We need to think..."
Steven says: "Where would Ruby go if she ran away?"
Steven says: "Is there anyone in town that she knows?"
Trans. Ext. It's a Wash.
Steven and Amethyst arrive at Greg's car wash, and Steven peeks into the shop.
Steven says: "Doesn't look like she's here."
Amethyst says: "Dead end, huh?"
Steven says: "We've just got to keep looking."
Trans. Ext. Onion's House.
A montage begins to play, as Steven frantically searches for Ruby, while an disengaged Amethyst follows him around. At Vidalia's garage, Steven draws a missing poster for Ruby, and Vidalia gives a thumbs-up in approval.
Trans. Ext. Beach Citywalk Fries.
Steven pastes a copy of the missing poster on Peedee's food truck, while Amethyst orders a tray full of fry bits. Amethyst offers the fry bits to Steven, but he walks away, ignoring Amethyst, and she takes a bite of the bits in dejection.
Trans. Int. Beach City Funland.
At the pier fun fair, Steven and Amethyst ride on the teacup ride. Amethyst is having a blast while Steven scatters the posters all around the fair grounds. Afterwards, Amethysy wins a prize from a game booth to get Steven's attention, but Steven is too focused searching for Ruby.
Trans. The Lighthouse.
At the top of the lighthouse, Steven searches all around town using Ronaldo's telescope, while an uninterested Amethyst carries him on her shoulders. Looking through the telescope, he spots Bill Dewey sweeping outside the Big Donut, Sadie hanging out with the Cool Kids, and Onion emerging from some bushes and noticing Steven, but no Ruby.
Trans. Ext. Fish Stew Pizza.
Steven peeks through the windows into the pizzeria.
Steven says: "She's not in here either..."
Steven says: "This is where I'd go if I was feeling down..."
Steven says: "Pizza always cheers me up."
Amethyst says: "So, why don't we get some?"
Steven says: "But..."
Steven says: "We haven't found Ruby yet."
Amethyst says: "Steven, it's cool you wanna help Ruby, but..."
Amethyst says: "What about you?"
Steven looks down in reluctance.
Amethyst says: "Come on!"
Amethyst says: "Let's forget about Ruby for a moment and get some pizza!"
Steven says: "I'm not hungry!"
Steven's stomach suddenly starts growling.
Steven says: "Maybe I'm a little hungry?"
Trans. Int. Fish Stew Pizza.
Steven and Amethyst sit at a table inside as Kiki serves a pizza onto the table.
Kiki says: "Here's your pizza, with literally all the toppings."
Amethyst says: "Yessss..."
Amethyst says: "!"
Kiki says: "Oh, and here."
Kiki says: "You're gonna need these."
Steven says: "Thanks!"
Amethyst says: "Yeah, thanks man!"
Kiki says: "You're welcome!"
Steven grabs the spoon and begins picking the food a little. Amethyst grabs a slice of pizza and rolls it up.
Amethyst says: "So..."
Amethyst says: "Pink Diamond, huh?"
Steven says: "Yep..."
Steven scoops up some of the toppings with his spoon and eats it, while Amethyst takes a big bite of her pizza.
Amethyst says: "Mmm..."
Amethyst says: "Rose Quartz, eh?"
Steven says: "Mm-hmm..."
Amethyst says: "So..."
Amethyst says: "All this time..."
Amethyst says: "You thought Rose was this rebel leader, but..."
Amethyst says: "She was just rebelling against herself?"
Steven says: "Apparently."
Amethyst says: "And the Diamond that Rose supposedly shattered."
Amethyst says: "I mean..."
Amethyst says: "You've got it."
Amethyst says: "It's right there under your shirt."
Steven lifts up his shirt, glances at his gem and nods.
Steven says: "Yeah.."
Amethyst says: "So..."
Amethyst says: "How are you feelin'?"
Steven says: "I feel..."
Steven says: "confused."
Steven says: "I-I thought I'd really finally got it."
Steven says: "That Mom didn't have everything figured out, even though everybody put her way up on this pedestal, but..."
Steven says: "now I guess she's royalty too?"
Amethyst says: "Mm-hmm, mm-hmm."
Steven says: "I'm relieved that she didn't shatter anyone, but..."
Steven says: "She lied to everyone."
Steven says: "I mean..."
Steven says: "I'm not surprised."
Steven says: "I knew she was a liar."
Steven says: "But this is just..."
Steven says: "so much."
Steven grabs a slice of pizza and attempts to eat it, but the toppings falls off his slice onto the table.
Amethyst says: "But like..."
Amethyst says: "Aren't you mad?"
Steven says: "Kind of?"
Steven says: "I don't know..."
Steven says: "I can see how she was good and bad..."
Steven says: "and bad and good."
Steven says: "*wraps the fallen toppings in a napkin* But I..."
Steven says: "I guess what really matters right now is how hard Garnet took it."
Amethyst slams her fists on the table.
Amethyst says: "But what about you?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Amethyst says: "She's your mom!"
Amethyst says: "You were always under all this pressure to be like her!"
Amethyst says: "But..."
Amethyst says: "Was she even like her?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Amethyst says: "Was anyone ever like her?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Amethyst begins digging into the pizza with her spoon, while a shocked Steven listens to her rant.
Amethyst says: "She was supposed to be so great!"
Amethyst says: "She was supposed to know everything!"
Amethyst says: "And..."
Amethyst says: "Ugh..."
Amethyst says: "She was supposed to make everything better!"
Amethyst says: "It's not fair!"
Amethyst says: "We shouldn't have to deal with any of this, we shouldn't have to fix any of this, we weren't around for a stupid war!"
Amethyst says: "This..."
Amethyst says: "is everyone else's problem..."
Amethyst says: "This has nothing to do with me..."
Steven stares intently at Amethyst, who flusters in response.
Amethyst says: "And you!"
Amethyst says: "This has nothing to do with you!"
Steven says: "Amethyst, hold on a second."
Steven says: "Are you okay?"
Amethyst says: "*slams her fists on the table* No!"
Amethyst says: "I mean..."
Amethyst says: "Yes!"
Amethyst says: "Of course, I'm okay!"
Amethyst says: "Ugh..."
Amethyst says: "I'm trying to find out how you feel about all this!"
Amethyst says: "Ugh!"
Amethyst says: "She's..."
Amethyst says: "your mom, okay?"
Amethyst says: "Doesn't really affect me."
Just then, Jenny enters the pizzeria.
Jenny says: "Dude!"
Jenny says: "Kiki, I just got the biggest tip from Mr."
Jenny says: "Universe and I'm totally gonna buy those boots now!"
Kiki says: "Woah..."
Kiki says: "Seriously?"
Jenny says: "Yeah!"
Jenny says: "He was like all the way out on Brooding Hill, which is totally out of our delivery radius, comforting some little friend!"
Jenny says: "She must've been crying because she was like really red."
Amethyst says: "Ruby!"
Steven says: "Ruby!"
Amethyst says: "Let me handle this, Steven!"
Amethyst says: "No more adult should be putting anything else on you."
Amethyst says: "Just let someone else take care of it for once!"
Amethyst stomps outside and Steven chases after her.
Steven says: "Amethyst, wait!"
Steven says: "There's someone else who needs help even more, and it's you!"
Steven says: "Amethyst, we need to talk!"
Amethyst says: "Uhh..."
Amethyst says: "Can't now, bud."
Amethyst says: "*shapeshifts into a helicopter* Going to find Ruby!"
Amethyst takes off into the sky, but Steven jumps up after her and clings onto her back.
Steven says: "Let me help you with your feelings!"
Amethyst says: "Get off my back, dude!"
Amethyst tries to shake Steven off her back.
Steven says: "Wuh- Come on!"
Steven says: "You can- Ugh!"
Steven says: "- Talk to me!"
Steven is flung onto Amethyst's leg, and Amethyst begins twirling around, trying to shake Steven off.
Steven says: "Geh uh- Euh!"
Steven says: "If you open up you'll feel so much better!"
Steven loses grip and is flung upwards, landing onto Amethyst's head, where the helicopter seats are.
Steven says: "Come on!"
Steven says: "You're hiding something!"
Amethyst says: "Get out of my head, Steven!"
Steven says: "Am I getting too personal?"
Amethyst says: "Dude, you're literally inside my head!"
Steven says: "Amethyst, look out!"
Distracted by Steven, Amethyst accidentally collides into the Water Tower and begins diving towards the ground.
Amethyst says: "We're crashing!!"
Steven says: "But..."
Steven says: "How does that make you feel?!"
Steven says: "!"
The pair crash-lands into the beach. Steven slowly gets up and sits up, while Amethyst is seen lying on the ground, with her face dragged across and buried into the sand.
Steven says: "A-Amethyst?"
Amethyst says: "*gets up* You wanna know how I feel, Steven?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Steven says: "I thought I was pretty clear about that."
Amethyst says: "I thought I was pretty clear too!"
Amethyst says: "I feel like I don't wanna say, "What about me?"
Amethyst says: "" Okay!"
Amethyst says: "?"
Amethyst says: "And I don't want to be bent out of shape!"
Amethyst says: "I don't wanna be stuck in the past, and I'm not responsible for what Rose did!"
Amethyst says: "None of us are!"
Amethyst says: "Not you..."
Amethyst says: "Not Pearl..."
Amethyst says: "And not Garnet!"
Amethyst says: "But I am responsible for me!"
Amethyst says: "And right now, I am NOT gonna dump another thousand-year-old complex on you or anybody else!"
Amethyst says: "I'm ending it right here!"
Amethyst says: "I am the ding-dong sunshine future; your friend forever!"
Amethyst says: "And I'm not gonna fall apart on you."
Steven says: "Amethyst.."
Amethyst says: "So Steven, how do you feel?"
Steven says: "Pretty good."
Amethyst says: "..."
Amethyst says: "Good."
Amethyst sits next to Steven and flops backwards onto the ground.
Steven says: "Have you been trying to cheer me up this whole time?"
Amethyst says: "Yesss..."
Amethyst says: "!"
Amethyst says: "Geez..."
Amethyst says: "Don't you know you deserve it?"
Amethyst says: "You..."
Amethyst says: "Great..."
Amethyst says: "Person?"
Steven and Amethyst remain silently on the beach for a moment.
Steven says: "Hey, Amethyst?"
Amethyst says: "What?"
Steven says: "I can't believe I'm going to say this, but..."
Steven says: "I think you're officially the most mature Crystal Gem."
Amethyst says: "Oh..."
Amethyst says: "No..."
Amethyst says: "!"
Amethyst says: "Ugh, gross!"
Amethyst says: "That's what this is, isn't it?"
Steven says: "Yeah..."
Steven says: "Pretty much."
Amethyst says: "*begins pretend-flailing around like a child* No!"
Amethyst says: "Nyooooooh!"
Amethyst and Steven laugh together in joy.
Amethyst says: "You still wanna find Ruby?"
Steven says: "Yeah."
Amethyst says: "Alright."
Amethyst says: "Let's go."
Amethyst shapeshifts into a helicopter and begins flying with Steven into the sky. Steven then spots Greg and Ruby sitting on top of Brooding Hill.
Steven says: "There they are!"
Amethyst says: "Target spotted!"
Steven says: "Let's go in for a landing!"
Amethyst flies in closer towards the two, as the episode ends.
END.