Open Ext. Steven's Bathroom.
Garnet is seen angrily knocking on the bathroom door and yelling at it.
Garnet says: "*angrily knocking on door* Open the door, Peridot!"
Garnet says: "If this "Cluster" is putting us in danger, you need to tell us what it is so we can stop it."
Peridot says: "*holding the doorknob on the other side* NO!"
Peridot says: "I hate you."
Peridot says: "I'm not telling you anything about the Cluster!"
Amethyst says: "*leans on Pearl's back* Oh, come on!"
Amethyst says: "Is it like a big..."
Amethyst says: "hunk of..."
Amethyst says: "granola?"
Peridot says: "..."
Peridot says: "What's "granola"?"
Pearl says: "I'm sure it's not granola."
Pearl says: "Now Peridot, I'm sure we can reach some sort of agreement."
Pearl says: "Perhaps a trade is in order?"
Peridot says: "Oh, sure, why don't you just give me back my leg enhancements and my arm attachments with my screen and my log and all my information!"
Peridot says: "Oh wait, YOU DESTROYED THEM!"
Peridot says: "SO NO, I DON'T THINK WE CAN REACH SOME SORT OF AGREEMENT!!"
The Gems collectively groan, when toilet flushing is heard, revealing that Steven is still inside the bathroom with Peridot.
Steven says: "Okay Peridot, you can turn around now."
Steven comes out of the bathroom.
Steven says: "*clears his throat* Sorry for, interrupting your interrogation."
Garnet says: "Don't worry about it, Steven."
Pearl says: "I swear, Peridot is gonna crack any second now!"
Peridot says: "I'll never crack for the likes of you, you..."
Peridot says: "CRYSTAL CLODS!"
Garnet says: "Hold on Pearl."
Garnet says: "If she's not going to be of any help, let's investigate this thing on our own."
Steven says: "I'll come with you!"
Garnet says: "Sorry Steven, we're gonna need you to stay here and keep and eye on our..."
Garnet says: ""guest"."
Steven says: "Really?!"
Steven says: "!"
Amethyst says: "Yeah!"
Amethyst says: "Make sure she doesn't try anything."
Pearl says: "Don't worry, she's harmless without her limb enhancers."
Peridot says: "I'M NOT HARMLESS!!!"
Pearl says: "Oh, HUSH UP!"
The Gems step onto the Warp Pad.
Garnet says: "Oh!"
Garnet says: "Steven, there's one more thing I have to mention."
Steven says: "*gets anxious* What is it?"
Garnet says: "*forms a heart shape with her hands* I love you."
Garnet says: "Bye!"
Amethyst says: "See ya later!"
The Gems warp away, and Steven blushes and waves. Times passes by, the sky outside the Beach House is getting dark as thunder is heard. Steven is preparing soup in the kitchen.
Steven says: "*calls out to Peridot* They left, you know."
Steven says: "You can come out now."
Peridot says: "No!"
Peridot says: "I-I like it in here!"
Steven says: "Okay."
Steven continues preparing his soup and looks out the window, as he sees a heavy rain begins to pour.
Steven says: "*smiles* Wow, it's really coming down."
Thunder strikes. Peridot then kicks the bathroom door open and runs out, accidentally slamming into a wall.
Peridot says: "*panicking* It's happening!"
Steven says: "What?!"
Steven says: "!"
Peridot says: "THE CLUSTER!!!"
Steven says: "Really?!"
Steven says: "!"
Peridot says: "What else could be making that horrible-  AHHHHH!!!"
Peridot says: "*holds on to Steven* It's pounding on the Earth from the inside!"
Peridot says: "This is it, this is THE END of the world!"
Steven says: "Oh, that's just thunder!"
Peridot says: "What?"
Steven says: "Yeah, everything is fine, it's just thunder."
Steven says: "It happens when it rains."
Peridot says: "Uh huh?"
Steven says: "You don't know about rain?"
Peridot says: "..."
Peridot says: "I don't know anything without my screen."
Steven says: "I-It's okay."
Steven says: "Here, pretend this soup is the ocean."
Steven says: "When the sun warms it up, water evaporates into clouds, like this steam."
Steven says: "*lifts the cooking pot lid, releasing steam from the inside, and closes it* But when the clouds get really heavy, it rains."
Peridot says: "So, scalding liquid pours down from the sky?"
Steven says: "No, no i-it's just water, it can't hurt you."
Steven says: "*turns off the stove* Here, why don't I just show you?"
Steven steps outside the house and runs down to the stairs, into the rain.
Steven says: "Woo-hoo!"
Peridot says: "Steven, wait!!"
Peridot says: "*stands hesitatedly at the doorway* Umm uhhmmm..."
Steven says: "COME ON!"
Steven says: "*laughs* Look, I'm okay, it's just water!"
Steven says: "This is just something that happens on Earth!"
Steven says: "Isn't it cool?!"
Steven says: "!"
Steven says: "*laughs and falls into a mud puddle* WHOAAA!"
Steven says: "BWAH!"
Steven says: "*stands up, still laughing* YEAH!"
Steven says: "WHOOHOOOO!"
Peridot cautiously reaches her hand out into rain, feeling the rain drops on her skin. She then slowly steps out of the house and into the rain.
Steven says: "YEAH!"
Steven says: "YOU DID IT!"
Steven says: "What do you think?"
Steven says: "Isn't it cool?"
Peridot says: "Cool..."
Time Skip.
Steven and Peridot are back indoors. Steven is drying his hair while Peridot is pacing around, thinking to herself.
Steven says: "That was fun."
Steven says: "Huh?"
Peridot says: "It was..."
Peridot says: "something."
Peridot says: "Hmmm..."
Peridot says: "Ehhh..."
Peridot says: "Hmmm..."
Peridot says: "Steven..."
Peridot says: "?"
Steven says: "Hmm?"
Peridot says: "I'm going to say something."
Peridot says: "*takes a deep breath* Thank you."
Steven says: "Uhh, what for?"
Peridot says: "For explaining this "rain" business to me."
Steven says: "Oh, no problem."
Peridot says: "Yes, you're a much more intelligent creature than I initially thought."
Steven says: "Um, that's..."
Steven says: "good?"
Peridot says: "Yes, much more useful than those..."
Peridot says: "clods."
Peridot says: "STEVEN!"
Peridot says: "I've made up my mind."
Steven says: "About what exactly?"
Peridot says: "I've decided to share some..."
Peridot says: "information with you!"
Steven says: "Aww, I know you use my toothbrush."
Peridot says: "N-no..."
Peridot says: "Well.."
Peridot says: "yes, but it's about the Cluster."
Steven says: "*gasp* You cracked!"
Peridot says: "I haven't cracked!"
Steven says: "Wait you have to tell the Gems, they need to know this."
Peridot says: "No!"
Peridot says: "I don't want to talk to them!"
Peridot says: "You're the only one I need!"
Peridot says: "*walks up to Steven* I can show you now, but I have nothing!"
Peridot says: "My arm attachments, my fingers, my screen, my log, it's all gone!"
Peridot says: "But all of my logs up to date 6-5-2 still exist, backed up in Facet Five of the Prime Kindergarten!"
Steven says: "You want me to take you to the Kindergarten?"
Steven says: "I don't know, uh..."
Peridot says: "Steven, don't you want to know about the Cluster?"
Steven says: "Hmm..."
Steven says: "okay."
Steven says: "We can go to the Kindergarten."
Peridot says: "Ahhh, YES!"
Peridot says: "No!"
Peridot says: "A catch."
Peridot says: "Fine!"
Peridot says: "What are your demands?"
Steven says: "You're gonna to have to hold my hand the whole time."
Trans. Prime Kindergarten.
Steven and Peridot, holding hands, warp to the Kindergarten.
Steven says: "Welp, here we are."
Peridot says: "Okay, great!"
Peridot says: "Let's go."
Peridot leaps off the warp pad platform, dragging Steven along, and they both fall, screaming, onto the ground, landing on their faces. They then venture into the Kindergarten.
Steven says: "This place just gets worse every time I come here."
Peridot says: "I know."
Peridot says: "It's been so poorly managed."
Peridot says: "It must have been in way better shape when you first emerged."
Steven says: "Emerged?"
Peridot says: "Yeah, you're some kind of quartz, right?"
Peridot says: "You must have been made here."
Steven says: "Uh..."
Steven says: "I came from my mom and dad."
Peridot says: "Are those some kind of rocks?"
Peridot says: "Or another planet?"
Steven says: "*chuckles* Nope."
Steven says: "My dad is from Earth, but my mom's a Gem."
Peridot says: "You're some sort of..."
Peridot says: "hybrid?"
Peridot says: "How is that possible?"
Steven says: "The answer to that is a story I like to call, "The Ballad of Rose and Greg"."
Peridot says: "I don't care."
Peridot says: "Let's just hurry to the control room."
Steven says: "You sure this is safe?"
Steven says: "The last time I was here, there were a bunch of fusion monsters."
Peridot says: "Yes, I was checking their progress."
Steven says: "What's the deal with those things?"
Steven and Peridot begin sliding down the hole to the Prime Kindergarten Control Room.
Peridot says: "When it became clear that the Earth was no longer a viable colony, Homeworld decided to use it for something else: a series of experiments."
Peridot says: "A gem geo-weapon."
Steven says: "Oh, did you help?"
Peridot says: "Negative."
Peridot says: "I wasn't lucky enough to be around for that."
Peridot says: "But I read over a few hundred years of reports."
Steven says: "This is where you need to be, right?"
Peridot says: "Yes."
Peridot says: "I'm going to have to remove this panel and do a bit of work to restore power to this room, sooo..."
Peridot says: "can I have my hand back now?"
Steven says: "Okay, but stay where I can see you."
Steven releases Peridot's hand, and she taps on a wall, causing a panel to pop out. Peridot then attempts to pull out the panel, grunting and straining, but fails.
Peridot says: "It's over..."
Peridot says: "I can't show you anything."
Peridot says: "Let's go back."
Steven says: "Mind if I try?"
Peridot says: "Go ahead, knock yourself out."
Steven pulls away the panel with ease.
Peridot says: "Whoa!"
Steven says: "There you go!"
Peridot says: "Alright."
Peridot says: "*tinkers with the wires in the wall* This over here..."
The Control Room's power is then restored.
Peridot says: "It's not perfect, but it'll do for now."
Steven drops the panel and Peridot groans as she cannot reach the gem pedestal.
Peridot says: "Come on!"
Steven says: "What's up, 'dot?"
Peridot says: "I can't quite..."
Peridot says: "reach the- mmm!"
Steven picks up Peridot and puts her on his shoulders.
Steven says: "It's okay to ask for help, you know."
Peridot says: "I had it."
Peridot taps on the pedestal and it lowers to her height. Steven then put Peridot down and she clears her throat. She then places her hand on the pedestal in the center, lighting up the control room, and a plethora of Gem Shards are shown on the room's screens.
Peridot says: "These are the early attempts at artificial fusion."
Steven says: "*looks around* That's a lot of Gem shards..."
Peridot says: "We were growing them here at this very site, but these were just prototypes for the final product."
Peridot taps on the pedestal, and the screen projects the overview of Earth, with a marker displayed around the east coast of North America.
Peridot says: "A singular, giant, artificial fusion, comprised of millions of Gem shards."
Peridot says: "The Cluster."
Steven says: "*seemingly tense* Peridot, you're saying..."
Steven says: "there's a giant, mutant Gem the size of the Earth under us right now?"
Peridot says: "Oh, no, when it forms, it'll be much, much bigger than the Earth."
Peridot says: "Right now, it lies dormant, incubating in the Earth's core, but when it emerges and takes its physical form, it will destroy the planet."
The screen then displays the Earth expanding and shattering, as the Cluster forms its physical form. Steven stares at it with great concern.
Peridot says: "The prototypes are already emerging."
Peridot says: "The Cluster is next."
Peridot says: "If we can't get off this planet, we've got to stop the Cluster."
Steven starts sweating in anxiety.
Peridot says: "*matter-of-factly* I thought it'd be impossible, but now we have a chance."
Steven says: "What is it?"
Peridot says: "*grabs Steven's shoulders and grins malevolently* It's you, Steven!"
Peridot and Steven climb out of the control room.
Peridot says: "Now that you're filled in, we can get to work!"
Steven says: "Uhh, how am I supposed to help?"
Peridot says: "Well, you have all the information that we need about Earth and its erratic behavior."
Peridot says: "Put that together with my expansive knowledge of the Cluster and we just might be able to stop it!"
Steven says: "No, Peridot, I don't think you get it!"
Steven says: "*chases after Peridot* Just because I know how clouds work doesn't mean I know how to stop a giant mutant in the center of the earth!"
Steven says: "Besides, the only reason that I know anything about clouds and rain is because my dad told me."
Peridot says: "What are you talking about?"
Steven says: "I used to be really scared of thunderstorms, just like you."
Steven says: "Then Dad explained how rain and all that stuff works, then I wasn't scared of rain anymore."
Peridot says: "Well I'm sure you have other knowledge about how this planet works."
Steven says: "Sure, but none of it's going to help us!"
Steven says: "If we want to stop this Cluster thing, we'll need help from the Crystal Gems."
Peridot says: "I said I don't need them!"
Peridot says: "Let's just warp me back to the bathroom or whatever you call it and we'll take care of this."
Peridot says: "If it looks really bad, then we can just ask this "Dad" for help, right?"
Loud screeching is then heard, frightening Peridot.
Peridot says: "Yikes!"
Peridot says: "What was that?"
Steven says: "Oh no!"
Steven says: "Gem mutants!"
Various cluster mutants appear around the warp pad. One of them leaps in front of Steven and Peridot, and Steven quickly summons his bubble shield.
Peridot says: "Do something!"
Steven says: "I am doing something!"
Peridot says: "Something useful!!"
Steven says: "Uh..."
Steven says: "Let's run!"
Steven and Peridot run away from the cluster mutants in Steven's bubble, as they begin chasing the two.
Peridot says: "Over here!"
Steven says: "No, the other way!"
Peridot says: "No, not there!"
Steven says: "AAAAAAHHHHHH!"
Peridot says: "AAAAAAHHHHHH!"
Steven says: "Let's run into this corner!"
Steven says: "Oh no!"
Peridot says: "We're cornered!"
A cluster mutant catch up to Steven and Peridot, and pounces on Steven's bubble.
Peridot says: "AAHHH!"
Peridot says: "Can't you destroy it?"
Steven says: "No, this is all I can do on my own!"
The cluster mutant begins pushing harder on Steven's bubble.
Peridot says: "AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH..."
Peridot says: "That's it, we are finished!"
Garnet says: "*off-screen* Hang on, Steven!"
Steven says: "It's the Gems!"
The Gems arrive and begin poofing the cluster mutants. Garnet sends an electric wave at the cluster mutant attacking Steven's bubble and poofs it too.
Steven says: "Peridot, there's no way we can stop this thing in the Earth on our own."
Steven says: "We need the help of the Crystal Gems."
Peridot sweats in hesitation. The Gems then leap in front of Steven and Peridot, and Steven dispels his bubble.
Pearl says: "Steven!"
Pearl says: "Are you alright?"
Peridot says: "Move aside, Steven."
Amethyst says: "Peridot?!"
Amethyst says: "!"
Pearl says: "What are you two doing here?!"
Pearl says: "!"
Garnet says: "Steven, I thought I told you to keep an eye on her."
Peridot says: "*reluctantly* He did what he was told."
Peridot says: "*gazes at Steven, then back at the Crystal Gems* Alright, listen up you clo- nyargh- Crystal Gems!"
Peridot says: "I've made up my mind."
Peridot says: "I have something to tell you about the Cluster."
END.