Open Int. The Sun Incinerator.
The Sun Incinerator is seen drifting through space, its thrusters flickering. Lars is sitting in the captain's chair and the Off Colors are at their respective stations.
Lars says: "Captain's log."
Lars says: "Star date, uh..."
Lars says: "Thursday."
Lars says: "Space..."
Lars says: "is really big."
Lars says: "Everything is messed up."
Lars says: "Our nova thrusters are busted."
Lars says: "And getting home is taking forever."
Rhodonite says: "*turns to Lars* Hey, Captain?"
Rhodonite says: "Should we be writing this down?"
Lars says: "Uh, yeah!"
Suddenly, Steven emerges from Lars' hair with a sub sandwich.
Steven says: "Who wants a party sub!"
Steven says: "?"
Rhodonite says: "What exactly are we celebrating?"
Steven says: "You guys beat Emerald."
Steven says: "And you rescued me and Connie from the Jungle Moon."
Steven says: "And you have this super fast ship, so you'll be back on Earth in no time."
Lars says: "It's only super fast when it works!"
Fluorite says: "*emerging from the engine room* Captain Lars..."
Fluorite says: "I've finished..."
Fluorite says: "rerouting..."
Lars says: "Power from the gravity engine to the nova thrusters?"
Lars says: "Great!"
Lars says: "Twins, floor it on the thrusters!"
Rutile Twins says: "Right away, Captain!"
Rutile Twins says: "Yes, Captain!"
The Rutile Twins activate the nova thrusters and the ship begins to pick up speed briefly, when the thrusters falter and the ship's power goes out.
Lars says: "Aww!"
Rhodonite says: "Aww!"
Rutile Twins says: "Aww!"
Fluorite says: "Aww!"
Lars says: "..."
Rhodonite says: "..."
Rutile Twins says: "..."
Fluorite says: "..."
Padparadscha says: "Captain Lars, don't use the thrusters!"
Padparadscha says: "We're going to lose power!"
Lars says: "*dejectedly* Thanks, Padparadscha."
Steven says: "Hey..."
Steven says: "If we're going to be drifting a while, there's somebody I'd like you all to meet."
Lars says: "*looks at his hair and groans* Are they bigger than that sandwich?"
Steven says: "Maybe a few pickles bigger."
Lars says: "Bigger than you?"
Steven says: "I mean, they don't have to be."
Lars says: "Fine."
Lars says: "Bring 'em over."
Steven jumps into Lars' hair, and shortly reemerges with Garnet, shapeshifted into Steven.
Stevens says: "Twins!"
Fluorite says: "*surprised* Another..."
Fluorite says: "Steven?"
Fluorite says: "..."
Lars says: "There's more of you?!"
Lars says: "!"
Garnet shapeshifts back to normal and the others gasp, catching a glimpse of Garnet's eyes before she adjusts her visor back into place.
Rutile Twins says: "Her eyes."
Rutile Twins says: "A fusion?"
Padparadscha says: "He's going to bring back another Steven!"
Steven says: "This is Garnet."
Steven says: "She leads the Crystal Gems back on Earth."
Garnet says: "Just look at you all!"
Garnet says: "*walks up to and hugs Rhodonite* You must be Rhodonite - a Ruby and a Pearl?"
Garnet says: "That must have been a story."
Garnet says: "*wraps her arm around Rhodonite and lowers her visor slightly* I want all the details."
Rhodonite says: "*chuckles nervously* Ehh..."
Garnet says: "And you must be the Rutile Twins."
Garnet says: "*gasps and wraps her arms around the Rutile Twins* I've never seen anyone like you before."
Rutile Twins says: "We were..."
Rutile Twins says: "made like this."
Garnet says: "*walks up to Fluorite* Fluorite."
Garnet says: "Whoa..."
Garnet says: "You're just, uh, beautiful."
Fluorite blushes.
Garnet says: "*kneels in front of Padparadscha* And here's Padparadscha, an orange Sapphire."
Garnet says: "How rare."
Padparadscha says: "I predict you're going to make everyone uncomfortable."
Garnet, shocked, turns to look at the other Off Colors, who are all staring at the floor uneasily.
Rhodonite says: "It's not nice to make fun of us like that."
Steven says: "Haven't you guys heard a compliment before?"
Rutile Twins says: "A what?"
Rutile Twins says: "What's that?"
Steven says: "You know, it's when someone says something nice about you."
Rhodonite says: "Who would say nice things about Gems like us?"
Rhodonite says: "We're completely inappropriate, and so are you."
Rhodonite says: "We should all be ashamed."
Garnet says: "*puts her hand on Steven's shoulder* Aww, Steven."
Garnet says: "These Gems feel just like I did before I met Rose Quartz."
Rhononite says: "Rose Quartz?!"
Rutile Twins says: "Rose Quartz?!"
Rhononite says: "!"
Rutile Twins says: "!"
Fluorite says: "Rose..."
Fluorite says: "Quartz?!"
Fluorite says: "!"
Fluorite says: "..."
Rutile Twins says: "You met Rose Quartz?!"
Rutile Twins says: "!"
Rutile Twins says: "And you survived?"
Steven says: "You guys know about Rose?"
Rhodonite says: "She was the Anti-Gem; an organic beast that burst out of Earth's crust and vowed to destroy all Gems!"
Rutile Twins says: "No, no."
Rutile Twins says: "She was made from a vein of hyper-defective Quartz."
Rutile Twins says: "A malformed Quartz gone haywire!"
Fluorite says: "Don't..."
Fluorite says: "be..."
Fluorite says: "silly..."
Fluorite says: "Rose..."
Fluorite says: "Quartz..."
Fluorite says: "isn't..."
Fluorite says: "real..."
Garnet says: "You have it all wrong!"
Everyone stares at Garnet.
Padparadscha says: "Rose Quartz?!"
Padparadscha says: "!"
Garnet says: "Of course that's how they tell it on Homeworld."
Garnet says: "Come on, everyone."
Garnet says: "Let me tell you the story of the real Rose Quartz."
A flashback begins as Garnet tells the origin of Rose Quartz. Silhouettes of the four Diamonds and a few of the planets they colonized are shown. A yellow, blue, or white diamond symbol appears on each planet and moon.
Garnet says: "It was Era 1."
Garnet says: "The Diamonds, unique in their flawlessness, sought to expand their perfection across the galaxy."
Garnet says: "And it was for this purpose that Pink Diamond chose her first colony, the planet Earth."
Pink Diamond places her hand on Earth; a pink diamond appears on Earth and its moon, with cracks emanating from the symbol on the planet.
Garnet says: "On Earth, every Gem was made to serve Pink Diamond, each with a role to play in her world's perfect empire."
Garnet says: "In comparison to their creator, their existence was ordinary."
Garnet says: "They were life-forms only meant to fit their mold, and no one had ever dared to think otherwise."
Garnet says: "Until, there was Rose Quartz."
A cross section of the Earth's surface is shown. Gems are injected into the surface one at a time, spiraling towards the center and culminating in Rose Quartz's appearance.
Garnet says: "In stature, she was no different than any other Quartz, and for a time, she did her best to carry out her Diamond's bidding."
Garnet says: "However, she began to take notice of her strange colony and the life that existed there."
Rose was shown carrying rocks with other Quartzes. At some point, she tripped and took in the organic landscape around her.
Garnet says: "Curiosity turned to appreciation."
Rose allowed a caterpillar to crawl onto her finger.
Garnet says: "Appreciation turned to fondness."
Rose also allowed some birds to perch on her arms and hair.
Garnet says: "And fondness..."
Garnet says: "turned to love."
Rose danced with some humans and shared a kiss with one.
Garnet says: "Soon she was unable to keep her findings secret, and she began asking her fellow Gems if they knew of the life on Earth and what they made of it."
Garnet says: "She continued to pry her fellow Kindergartners with questions so odd that word of her eventually made its way to Pink Diamond."
Rose Quartz spoke to other Gems about Earth and its beauty. One of the Gems approached Pink Diamond and informed her of Rose's words.
Garnet says: "Rose Quartz was summoned at once."
Rose Quartz was brought in front of Pink Diamond, and Garnet narrates the conversation between the two.
Pink Diamond says: ""Quartz."
Pink Diamond says: ""What have you been saying down there?"
Rose says: ""My Diamond."
Garnet says: "Rose pleaded."
Rose says: ""It has come to my attention that your colony, Earth, bears life."
Rose says: "While I know these organic life-forms serve no purpose, I ask that we leave this planet and spare their lives."
Garnet says: "Pink Diamond thought for a moment, and then laughed; a wicked, empty sound."
Pink Diamond says: "*laughing* "You wish to save these life-forms at the expense of our own?"
Pink Diamond says: "Ha!"
Pink Diamond says: "Don't be absurd."
Pink Diamond says: "Return to your post, and I will forget your insolence."
Garnet says: "And with that, Rose Quartz was dragged back to her Kindergarten for duty."
Rose was dragged away and continued working alongside the other Quartzes.
Garnet says: "Only Rose could no longer stand to continue aiding in the destruction of Earth."
Garnet says: "She had no choice."
Garnet says: "She had to fight."
Rose stopped working and jumped into the air, changing her uniform into a dress before she destroyed an Injectors. She stood on the broken Injector and began rallying to the other Quartzes.
Rose says: ""Is this what you want: to inject?!"
Rose says: "!"
Rose says: "to build?!"
Rose says: "!"
Rose says: "I've seen the life that exists for itself, and it lives here."
Rose says: "Will you destroy it, or will you join it?!"
Rose says: "!"
Garnet says: "Rose's message began to resonate, to Pink Diamond's dismay."
Garnet says: "Her colony was falling apart."
Garnet says: "So, like a coward, she called for her Diamond allies, Yellow and Blue, to help."
Pink Diamond was shown on her throne frowning down upon her Gems. Pink cried out, and Yellow and Blue Diamond appeared above her.
Garnet says: "But Rose also found herself with allies, other Gems that were cast out for being wrong: a Pearl who belonged to no one..."
Garnet says: "a Bismuth who built weapons for rebels instead of towers for tyrants..."
Garnet says: "An entirely new fusion, for not power, but for love..."
Garnet says: "And countless others, all inspired by Rose to live for ourselves on Earth."
Pearl, Bismuth, and Garnet were shown in turn. The three Gems stood alongside Rose with numerous other Gems.
Garnet says: "She was our leader."
Garnet says: "And Earth was our precious home."
Garnet says: "And those who fought to save it became known as..."
Garnet says: "the Crystal Gems!"
The Crystal Gems raised Rose's Battle Flag and their weapons, and the flashback pauses briefly.
Rhodonite says: "Unbelievable."
Rutile Twins says: "There were Gems like us?"
Padparadscha says: "Fighting."
Fluorite says: "For..."
Fluorite says: "their..."
Fluorite says: "freedom?"
Fluorite says: "..."
Garnet says: "Yes, and we were fearless."
The flashback resumes, back to Rose leading her army against Pink Diamond's.
Garnet says: "It was an impossible fight, but we fought anyway."
Garnet says: "And the more Gems who saw us, the more who joined."
Garnet says: "But Pink Diamond's forces proved too strong."
Garnet says: "Rose feared that soon she would have nothing left to protect."
Rose observed her Crystal Gems suffering from the war, and eventually decided to confront Pink Diamond herself.
Garnet says: "Rose Quartz drew her rebel blade..."
Garnet says: "and shattered Pink Diamond, saving the Earth for all time from her reign of terror."
Rose appeared before Pink in her palanquin and shattered the Diamond with her sword. The flashback pauses again, as the Off Colors cheer in triumph.
Rutile Twins says: "Wow!"
Rutile Twins says: "That's incredible!"
Rutile Twins says: "I don't believe it!"
Lars says: "*to Steven* Your mom did all that?"
Lars says: "That's awesome!"
Rhodonite says: "Wait."
Rhodonite says: "What about the rest?"
Rhodonite says: "What happened after that?"
Steven and Garnet exchanges worried looks with each other, and Garnet continues the tale, resuming the flashback.
Garnet says: "The other Diamonds were furious."
Garnet says: "In a last-ditch attempt to wipe out the Rebellion, the Diamonds launched a direct attack against Earth, and in their fury, they used their powers to end the fighting once and for all."
The three remaining Diamonds held out their hands at Earth. Their hands were glowing in their respective auras, creating three diamonds of light in the sky visible from the planet's surface. Rose quickly summoned a massive shield and pulled Pearl and Garnet behind cover. The light from the Diamonds intensified and engulfed the entire Earth. The flashback ends, and the Off Colors stare at the floor sadly.
Padparadscha says: "I predict this story won't have a happy ending."
Rutile Twins says: "We were all told different stories."
Rutile Twins says: "But they all ended the same way."
Fluorite says: "With Rose Quartz..."
Fluorite says: "being..."
Fluorite says: "defeated..."
Rhodonite says: "This new version of the story is even worse!"
Rhodonite says: "So she was great, and they beat her?"
Rhodonite says: "What are we supposed to get out of this: that we can never win?!"
Rhodonite says: "!"
Garnet says: "We haven't yet, but we can."
Garnet says: "*takes off her visor* And we will."
Garnet says: "They said they annihilated Rose's rebellion, but here we are."
Garnet says: "They said they annihilated all of you on Homeworld, but here you are."
Garnet says: "They think they have us on the run, but they're the ones that are running from the truth."
Garnet says: "And the truth is we..."
Garnet says: "are..."
Garnet says: "everywhere!"
Rhodonite says: "But how many more of us can there be?"
Steven says: "Way more than you think!"
Steven says: "I was only on Homeworld for, like, an hour before I ran in to you guys."
Steven says: "There must be Off Colors all over the place."
Garnet says: "Rose used to say there was something about Earth; something that set Gems free."
Garnet says: "But it's not just Earth."
Garnet says: "Look at you."
Garnet says: "Love, freedom, it's universal."
Garnet says: "You all prove it every moment you live as yourselves."
Garnet says: "You can show everyone!"
Fluorite says: "We..."
Fluorite says: "can do that?"
Fluorite says: ".."
Lars says: "Not while we're floating out here like sitting ducks."
Lars says: "Fluorite, let's take another look at that engine."
Off Colors says: "Yes!"
Off Colors says: "Okay!"
Off Colors says: "Yeah!"
Fluorite says: "Lars."
Everyone heads down to the engine room. Lars and the Rutile Twins each work a panel in front of the engine, while the other Off Colors stand beside them. Garnet and Steven sit on the steps nearby.
Rutile Twins says: "Before we can activate the thrusters, we're going to need to restart the core."
Rhodonite says: "How do we do that?"
Lars says: "We'll figure it out together."
Steven says: "Hey, uh, Garnet?"
Steven says: "When Connie and I were stranded on the Jungle Moon, I- we, saw something..."
Steven says: "A vision..."
Steven says: "of..."
Steven says: "Pink Diamond."
Garnet says: "Hmm."
Steven says: "When Blue Diamond came to Earth, I had dreams where I saw through her eyes and I was crying her tears."
Steven says: "If I'm having the same dreams about Pink Diamond, what if that means she's still out there?"
Garnet says: "She's gone, Steven."
Garnet says: "*puts her hand on Steven's back* Your mother made sure of that."
Steven says: "But I felt such a strong connection."
Garnet says: "*puts her hand on Steven's head* You have empathetic powers that other Gems don't have."
Garnet says: "You're unusual, Steven, like them, and like me."
Garnet says: "It's not something to fear."
Garnet says: "It's something to celebrate."
Steven smiles at Garnet's reassurance. Meanwhile, the Off Colors are still having troubles reactivating the engine.
Lars says: "Come on, come on!"
Rutile Twins says: "Oh, strange."
Rutile Twins says: "The core should have come online by now."
Padparadscha says: "I predict that Captain Lars will be pressing the wrong button."
The Off Colors turn to look at Lars.
Lars says: "Oh."
Lars takes his hands off his control panel, and the ship's power is restored.
Lars says: "Yes!"
Lars says: "We did it!"
Everyone returns to the upper level and back to their respective stations.
Steven says: "Does that mean you can get back to Earth?"
Fluorite says: "Not..."
Fluorite says: "quite..."
Fluorite says: "The nova..."
Fluorite says: "thrusters..."
Fluorite says: "still..."
Fluorite says: "need..."
Fluorite says: "repairs..."
Lars says: "We can hit up the nearest colony for parts."
Lars says: "Rhodonite, tell me there's one nearby."
Rhodonite says: "Well, we aren't far from one of Yellow Diamond's asteroid mines."
Rhodonite says: "But that place will be crawling with Agates, Captain."
Rhodonite says: "It's incredibly dangerous."
Lars says: "So are we."
Lars says: "*holds his cape in front and poses* Let's show 'em!"
With the power back on, the Sun Incinerator embarks once again.
END.