Open on a witch with green hair and a staff backflipping onto a cliff. She glares up at a large purple snake.
Gildersnake says: "Foolish child!"
Gildersnake says: "I could swallow you whole!"
Azura says: "Do not underestimate me, Gildersnake, for I am the Good Witch Azura, warrior of peace!"
Cuts to a doll of Azura and a green snake being held.
Luz says: "And that's the end."
Camila says: "The end of what?"
Luz says: "My book report."
Luz says: "I think I knocked it out of the park."
Principal Hal says: "Your book report is why you're in here."
He gestures to the door, through which we can see two students running by screaming, snakes biting their heads.
Luz says: "Oh."
Luz says: "That's where the backup snakes were."
Camila says: "And what were you going to do with this?"
Luz says: "That was for the Act Three closer."
Camila says: "Mija, I love your creativity, but it's gotten out of hand."
Camila says: "Do you remember why you were in the principal's office the last three times?"
Cut to Luz on stage at an audition for Romeo and Juliet, holding a spork.
Luz says: "O happy dagger, give me death!"
Luz stabs the spork into her torso before tearing her dress, making several links of sausages fall out. Everyone else on stage screams and runs. Cut to Luz sewing a pigeon head onto a squirrel's body, on a platform labelled "baby griffin".
Luz says: "Now for the final anatomically correct touch, spider breath."
She opens the model's beak. Many spiders come out, crawling over her and the table. People scream in terror, throwing objects everywhere. Cut to cheerleading tryouts, where a girl does a successful backflip. Every other student applauds.
Luz says: "You think that's an impressive trick?"
Luz says: "Bleep, bloop, bleep!"
Everyone else screams and runs, and it sounds like at least one person is gagging. Cut back to Principal Hal's office.
Camila says: "We all love that you express yourself, but if you can't learn to separate fantasy from reality, you may need to spend the summer here."
She holds out a pamphlet for Reality Check Summer Camp. Luz takes it reluctantly.
Luz says: "Don't worry, Mom."
Luz says: "I won't let you down."
Luz says: "No more weirdness!"
The snake in Luz's hand suddenly jumps out and bites the principal. He falls to the ground with a yell while the snake hisses.
Luz says: "That doesn't count, right?"
Cut to Luz, who is standing disappointedly in front of her house.
Camila says: "Now, don't worry."
Camila says: "Summer camp is only going to be for three months."
Camila says: "You'll be so busy balancing checkbooks and learning to..."
Camila says: "appreciate public radio, the time will fly by!"
Luz says: "But I don't like any of that stuff."
Luz says: "I like editing anime clips to music and- and reading fantasy books with convoluted backstories."
Camila says: "Mija, your fantasy world is holding you back."
Camila says: "Do you have any friends?"
Camila says: "Real ones, not imagined or drawn or reptilian?"
Luz drops her book, disappointed. She walks slowly over to the trash bin.
Camila says: "Summer camp is a chance to make some friends, but you have to try."
Camila says: "Can you do that?"
Luz says: "Yes, Mom."
Luz puts her book, The Good Witch Azura, into the trash bin. Camila's phone vibrates in her purse.
Camila says: "Oh."
Camila says: "I gotta go to work."
Luz says: "Bye, Mom."
Luz says: "Where is it?"
Luz says: "Where is it?"
Luz looks up and sees Owlbert, her book sticking out of the bag in his beak. He turns and flies away.
Luz says: "Tiny trash thief!!"
Luz chases Owlbert. She pauses when the reach a decrepit abandoned house, but Owlbert continues right inside. Luz stares at the house.
Steeling her nerves, Luz runs inside. The front door slams shut behind her, and the entire inside glows, visible through the windows and the holes in the roof.
Cut to the inside of a tent, where a door unfolds in three parts before opening. Owlbert hops through it, and a second later, Luz follows.
Luz says: "Stop adorably hopping away, you‐‐ Huh?"
Luz says: "But this?"
Luz says: "This is impressive."
Eda says: "Finally, you're back."
Luz makes a noise and drops to the ground. She peeks back up and walks forward, moving the flap of the tent aside to see the back of a woman.
Eda says: "Now let's see what we've got here."
Owlbert lands on top of Eda's staff. She turns him around, and he becomes a wooden fixture of the staff.
Luz says: "Excuse me, sorry, it's mine, thank you."
Luz runs back into the tent and heads for the door. It folds up before she can walk through it and disappears. Camera zooms out to show Eda holding a key with an eye on it, the same eye that was on the door.
Eda says: "You're not going anywhere."
Luz says: "Wah-ah!"
[She shoves Azura into her messenger bag says: "a cloaked figure holding an ice cream cone which eats someone, the legs of what appear to be a giant chicken, a centipede-looking thing opening its mouth to let a winged creature fly out."
ducks out the back of the tent. She runs says: "a cloaked figure holding an ice cream cone which eats someone, the legs of what appear to be a giant chicken, a centipede-looking thing opening its mouth to let a winged creature fly out."
skids to a stop mere inches away from falling off a cliff. She's clearly no longer on earth says: "a cloaked figure holding an ice cream cone which eats someone, the legs of what appear to be a giant chicken, a centipede-looking thing opening its mouth to let a winged creature fly out."
the town before her being made up of far too many arms says: "a cloaked figure holding an ice cream cone which eats someone, the legs of what appear to be a giant chicken, a centipede-looking thing opening its mouth to let a winged creature fly out."
teeth. A dragon flies by says: "a cloaked figure holding an ice cream cone which eats someone, the legs of what appear to be a giant chicken, a centipede-looking thing opening its mouth to let a winged creature fly out."
is caught by one of said arms. Cut to denizens of the town going about their days says: "a cloaked figure holding an ice cream cone which eats someone, the legs of what appear to be a giant chicken, a centipede-looking thing opening its mouth to let a winged creature fly out."
[She shoves Azura into her messenger bag says: "The latter two kiss before going their separate ways."
ducks out the back of the tent. She runs says: "The latter two kiss before going their separate ways."
skids to a stop mere inches away from falling off a cliff. She's clearly no longer on earth says: "The latter two kiss before going their separate ways."
the town before her being made up of far too many arms says: "The latter two kiss before going their separate ways."
teeth. A dragon flies by says: "The latter two kiss before going their separate ways."
is caught by one of said arms. Cut to denizens of the town going about their days says: "The latter two kiss before going their separate ways."
Luz says: "Oh, hello, little fairy."
Luz says: "Are you going to tell me this is all a fantastical dream?"
Fairy says: "Give me your skin!"
Luz says: "Where am I?"
Luz says: "Did I die?"
Luz says: "Am I in the bad place?"
Eda says: "You wish."
Luz says: "just make it quick!"
Luz says: "Just do it now!"
Eda says: "Eat you?"
Eda says: "Why would I eat..."
Eda says: "a potential customer?"
Eda says: "Can I offer you a human foot filled with holes?"
Luz says: "That's not all it can do."
Luz says: "Here, let me see it."
Luz takes the tv and grabs two batteries from a dish labelled "Human candy! ????" She puts the batteries in and presses the power button. A jazzercise video start playing with loud music.
Luz says: "Voilà!"
Several customers and vendors stop at the noise.
Monster #1 says: "Huh?"
Monster #2 says: "What's that?"
Monster #3 says: "The sound‐‐ it's so alluring."
Several monsters are now crowded around the tv.
Monster #1 says: "I'll pay 40 snails for the screaming box!"
Monster #2 says: "I'll give you a hundred!"
Monster #3 says: "Can I eat the tiny person inside?"
Eda says: "What did you say your name was?"
Luz says: "I'm Luz."
Luz says: "Luz Noceda."
Eda says: "Well, Luz, that was pretty clever..."
Eda says: "for a human."
Luz says: "That's kind of a weird thing for another human to say."
Eda says: "Oh, dear child,  I'm Eda the Owl Lady, the most powerful witch on the Boiling Isles!"
Luz says: "A witch?"
Guard #1 says: "Busted!"
Monster says: "Run!"
Monster says: "It's a guard!"
All of the customers run away screaming. Eda hops down from the table.
Guard #1 says: "Eda the Owl Lady, you are wanted for misuse of magic and demonic misdemeanors."
Luz says: "Whoa!"
Luz says: "Witch criminal!"
Guard #1 says: "You are hereby ordered to come with me to the Conformatorium."
Eda says: "Would you guys quit following me around?"
Eda says: "I haven't done squat."
Guard #1 says: "And you're coming too..."
Luz says: "Aah!"
Guard #1 says: "..."
Guard #1 says: "for fraternizing with a criminal."
Luz says: "Wh‐What?"
Luz says: "That's not cool!"
Eda says: "Oh, all right, all right, you win."
Eda says: "Just let me get my stuff."
Eda reaches under the table and grabs her staff, swinging it at the guard. He falls to the ground with a grunt. Eda spins her staff and taps the bottom of it on the table, making all her stuff float in midair. Luz picks herself and her book off the ground.
Eda says: "Whoops."
Eda says: "Can't forget this."
Eda reaches into her hair and pulls out the key, pressing the eye to summon the portal door. She closes her hand into a fist, making the tablecloth wrap itself around all of her stuff. She sticks her staff through the bundle and starts running.
Eda says: "Follow me, human."
Luz says: "This is crazy."
Luz says: "If I die here, my mom's gonna kill me!"
Eda says: "Ha!"
Eda says: "I won't let 'em hurt you."
Eda says: "A human like you is much more valuable to me alive than dead."
Luz says: "Wait."
Eda says: "Whoo‐hoo!"
Eda jumps, pulling herself and Luz onto her staff. They take off into the sky as the guard runs into frame.
Guard #1 says: "You won't get away with this, Owl Lady!"
Guard #1 says: "Yeah, all right."
Guard #1 says: "You did."
Guard #1 says: "You got away with it."
Guard #1 says: "She got away with it, everybody!"
Guard #1 says: "Typical."
Cut to Eda and a crying Luz flying on Eda's staff above the Isles.
Eda says: "You can open your eyes now, human."
Luz says: "Flying staffs, crazy monsters, you're a witch!"
Luz says: "What is this place?"
Eda says: "This is the Boiling Isles."
Eda says: "Every myth you humans have is caused by a little of our world leaking into yours."
Various winged creatures fly behind them as Eda talks. A griffin that looks extremely similar to the one Luz made at school flies up next to them and screeches.
Luz says: "A griffin!"
The griffin barfs spiders.
Luz says: "I knew it!"
Eda says: "Yep."
Eda says: "Griffins, vampires, giraffes..."
Eda says: "."
Luz says: "Giraffes?"
Eda says: "Oh, yeah."
Eda says: "We banished those guys."
Eda says: "Bunch of freaks."
Eda lands the staff and hops off, though her hand stays behind.
Luz says: "Aaah!"
Eda says: "Oops."
Eda says: "That happens sometimes."
Luz says: "Well, I've had enough adventure for today."
Luz says: "This is clearly not the PG fantasy world I always dreamed about."
Luz says: "So, can you help me get back home?"
Eda levels her staff in front of Luz, startling her.
Eda says: "Only if you help me first."
Eda says: "Ah, now, come along, human."
Luz says: "Whoa!"
Cut to a tower, on top of which is an owl with an uncanny human face that cackles. Zoom out as it flies down to reveal the Owl House, which Eda and Luz walk up to.
Luz says: "Aren't you worried about those guards finding us?"
Eda says: "Nope."
Eda says: "My house has a state‐of‐the‐art defense system."
Hooty says: "Hoot‐hoot!"
Hooty says: "Password, please!"
Eda pokes both of his eyes.
Hooty says: "Aah!"
Eda says: "We got no time for this, Hooty."
Eda says: "Let us in."
Hooty says: "All right, all right!"
Hooty says: "Geez!"
Hooty says: "You never want to have any fun!"
Hooty says: "Ow!"
Hooty says: "Hoot!"
Hooty opens his mouth wide enough to completely cover the door. Eda and Luz step through, though Eda's bag stays outside. Hooty closes his mouth.
Cut to inside.
Eda says: "Welcome to,  the Owl House..."
Candles ignite. A fire in the fireplace starts, a cauldron starts stirring itself, and a broom starts sweeping the floor. Overhead, a depiction of an owl beast of some kind begins to glow with a great screeching noise. Luz looks at all of this in awe.
Eda says: "..."
Eda says: "where I hide away from the pressures of modern life."
Eda says: "Also the cops."
Eda says: "Mm, also ex‐boyfriends."
Luz says: "This place is beautiful!"
Luz says: "Do you live here all alone?"
Thudding footsteps shake the house.
Eda says: "Actually, I have a roommate."
Luz says: "Eda, he's so cute!"
Luz says: "Who's a widdle guy?"
Luz says: "Who's a widdle guy?"
Luz says: "Is it you?"
Luz says: "Is it you?"
King says: "No!"
King says: "I don't know who your little guy is!"
King says: "Eda, who is this monster?"
Eda says: "She's here to help us with our little..."
Eda says: "situation."
King says: "Oh!"
King says: "Hooray!"
Luz says: "Wait, wait, wait."
Luz says: "I don't like the sound of this "situation"."
Eda says: "Just..."
Eda says: "let me explain."
Eda says: "this."
Luz says: "You mean this little bundle of joy?"
Eda says: "The crown is being held by the evil Warden Wrath and locked away behind a magical force field that only a human can break through."
The storybook circle fades, return to Luz hugging King.
Eda says: "A human like you."
Eda says: "If you help us retrieve his crown, we'll send you back to your realm."
Eda says: "So whaddya say?"
Eda says: "Plus,  who could say no to this cute face?"
King says: "No!"
King says: "Please don't encourage her!"
King says: "Nyeh!"
Eda says: "I mean, we're kinda your only way home."
Luz says: "So I don't really have a choice, do I?"
Eda says: "Nope."
Eda says: "Now, we've got no time to lose."
Luz says: "Where are we going?"
Eda says: "Somewhere super fun."
Cut to the Conformatorium, where thunder claps.
Eda says: "The Conformatorium, a place for those considered unsuitable for society."
Luz says: "Whoa."
Luz says: "These guys really have the hots for you."
Eda says: "Yep."
Eda says: "But we were never caught because we're too slippery."
King says: "Try to catch me when I'm covered in grease."
King says: "I'm a squirmy little fella."
King says: "Aah!"
King says: "You and I will sneak up to the top of the tower, where they're holding my crown."
Eda says: "And I'm gonna make sure the warden's distracted."
Luz says: "Will I need a disguise?"
Eda says: "Uh..."
Luz says: "I've been waiting to use this."
Luz says: "Meow, meow."
King says: "It's hideous."
Eda says: "Oh, you'll fit right in."
Eda taps the butt of her staff against the ground, creating a round glowing platform. She steps away from it.
Eda says: "Hang on tight."
Luz says: "Whoa!"
The platform rises, floating all the way up to a window in the tower. It disappears suddenly, forcing Luz to grab the edge of the window sill and King to cling to her feet.
Eda, meanwhile, tosses her staff and casually sits down on it as it rises.
Eda says: "Meet you guys at the top of the tower."
King says: "Ha‐ha!"
King says: "Cat's don't do that."
The two of them marvel at the amount of prison cells before them, all of them occupied by shadowy beasts of varying shapes and sizes, though all of their eyes glow in the light.
Fanfic Prisoner says: "Hey, cat lady, how'd you get out of your cell?"
Luz says: "Oh, no, no, no."
Luz says: "I'm not a cat."
Luz says: "Also, I'm not a criminal."
King says: "Not yet, you're not."
Fanfic Prisoner says: "Neither are we."
Fanfic Prisoner says: "The stupid warden likes to lock people up who don't fit in."
Fanfic Prisoner says: "Like, I write fanfics of food falling in love."
Fanfic Prisoner says: "I like food, I like love..."
Fanfic Prisoner says: "Just let me write about it."
Eye-Eating Prisoner says: "I'm here because I like eating my own eyes."
Tiny Nose says: "We are agents of fwee expwession!"
Tiny Nose says: "They will never siwence us!"
Fanfic Prisoner says: "Yeah, she's really big into conspiracy theories."
Tiny Nose says: "The world is a simulation!"
Tiny Nose says: "We are but playthings for a higher being!"
Luz says: "You're all just a bunch of weirdos."
Luz says: "Like me."
Thudding footsteps attract their attention.
Fanfic Prisoner says: "It's Warden Wrath!"
Fanfic Prisoner says: "Hide!"
Footsteps continue until a door is pushed open.
Warden Wrath says: "I can hear you."
Warden Wrath says: "I'll get my hands on her soon enough."
Warden Wrath looks into the cell, where Luz and King are huddled in the corner.
Tiny Nose says: "Fight against the oppwessor!"
Tiny Nose says: "We will wesist!"
Tiny Nose says: "We will conquer!"
Tiny Nose says: "We will never be afwaid of you, you old cweep!"
Warden Wrath walks over to her cell and opens it. She stares at the opening door.
Tiny Nose says: "Hooway!"
Tiny Nose says: "I'm fwee!"
Warden Wrath grabs Tiny Nose, his fist fitting around her entire body. He holds her up and points at the other two prisoners.
Warden Wrath says: "Let this be a lesson to all of you."
Warden Wrath says: "There's no place in society for you if you can't fit in."
He tightens his grip, making Tiny Nose squeak again. Warden Wrath stomps away, crushing the crumpled up wanted poster on his way out. A door slams, and Luz opens her cell, running to that of the Fanfic Prisoner.
Luz says: "Don't worry."
Luz says: "I can get you out."
Luz says: "No!"
Luz says: "My weak nerd arms!"
Fanfic Prisoner says: "Just get out of here while you still can, kid."
Fanfic Prisoner says: "Enjoy freedom for us."
The Fanfic Prisoner walks deeper in her cell. Luz reluctantly walks away. Cut to a hallway, where Eda flies up to Luz.
Eda says: "Hey, I just checked."
Eda says: "The warden is distracted, tormenting some tiny creature."
Eda says: "He won't be coming around here anytime soon."
Luz continues walking without saying anything. Eda watches her, confused. They reach a towering door reading "CONTRABAND".
King says: "My crown!"
King says: "It's close!"
King says: "I can sense its power!"
Eda says: "Aw, he gets so cute when he's thirsty for power."
Luz says: "It's not fair that they're all in here."
Luz says: "They just want to be themselves."
Luz says: "Why does everyone think that being a weirdo is so bad?"
The doorknob is thrown to the ground with a clink. King pushes open the door, cackling, and runs through.
Eda says: "Come on, before he hurts himself."
Something zaps.
King says: "Ow!"
Luz and Eda follow King in. Cut to the inside of the room, which is empty save a giant glowing pillar in the center. King rubs his skull before charging at the pillar headfirst, succeeding only in launching himself backwards.
Eda says: "We have a human, remember?"
King says: "Oh, yeah."
[Luz puts a hand against the pillar before walking through it. Inside are piles of what can only be described as as junk says: "everything from books to skulls to a dead fish in a tank."
Luz says: "Wait a second."
Luz says: "Is that a..."
Cuts to Luz holding a Burger Queen paper crown, looking incredibly frustrated.
King says: "My crown!"
Luz says: "That crown doesn't give him any powers, does it?"
Eda says: "Uh, no."
Luz glares at Eda.
Eda says: "Oh, look at us, Luz."
Eda says: "King and I don't have much in this world."
Eda says: "We only have each other."
Eda says: "So if that dumb crown is important to him, it's important to me."
Eda says: "And besides, us weirdos have to stick together, you know?"
Eda says: "Well, we owe you one."
Eda says: "Now, let's get out of here before the warden finds us and loses his head."
Warden Wrath says: "Too late."
Warden Wrath's hand turns into a blade, and with an easy swing he decapitates Eda. Luz catches her head.
Eda says: "Ow!"
Eda says: "Oh, I hate it when that happens."
Cut to commercial.
Luz says: "Eda!"
Luz says: "Are you okay?"
Eda says: "Yeah."
Eda says: "This just happens when you get older."
Luz says: "Does it?"
King says: "Weh?"
Warden Wrath walks closer to Eda and Luz. King follows him, his arms up and reaching for his crown.
Warden Wrath says: "My guards could never get you, but I knew if I took your pet's toy, you'd come running."
King says: "No!"
King says: "My power!"
Eda says: "What do you want with me?"
Eda says: "I've never actually broken any of your stupid laws..."
Eda says: "in front of you."
Warden Wrath says: "I want you..."
Warden Wrath says: "to go out with me."
Eda says: "Wha..."
Eda says: "?"
Luz says: "What?"
Guard #2 says: "Go, boss!"
Warden Wrath says: "You've always eluded our capture."
Warden Wrath says: "You've always been the one who got away."
Warden Wrath says: "I found that alluring."
Luz says: "I hate everything you're saying right now."
Warden Wrath says: "You stay out of this!"
Warden Wrath tosses the bouquet over his shoulder, turning his now free hand into tentacles to grab Luz and hold her above the ground.
Warden Wrath says: "So how about it, Owl Lady?"
Warden Wrath says: "The most powerful witch of the Boiling Isles and the feared Warden Wrath."
Warden Wrath says: "We'd be the strongest power couple ever."
Warden Wrath says: "I mean, it's‐‐ it's not like you can say no right now."
Eda looks up at Luz, who's struggling to free herself from the warden's grasp. She looks to King, who gets picked up by one of the guards and also struggles for freedom.
Warden Wrath yells and drops Luz, who also yells. He wipes Eda's spit off his mask.
Warden Wrath says: "Impudent wench!"
Warden Wrath says: "Don't you know how many germs are in your mouth?"
Warden Wrath says: "Blegh!"
Eda says: "Get over it."
Eda says: "You had your guards stalk me, and then you cut off my head."
Eda says: "I am not going out with you."
Warden Wrath says: "If you don't accept, then I have no choice but to des‐‐ Oh!"
Luz hits him in the head with Eda's staff. He falls to the ground with a loud crash.
Eda says: "Nice!"
The two guards step next to Eda's head. She glares at them as her body walks up behind them and drags their hoods over their eyes.
Luz says: "Okay, we're going now."
Luz runs forward, grabbing Eda's head. Eda's body frees King of the guard's grasp, and Luz grabs her by the waist and they all mount the staff.
Luz says: "Expecto..."
Luz says: "flying?"
Luz says: "Magicus..."
Luz says: "escapicus!"
Eda says: "Gun it, magic stick!"
The staff takes off. Warden Wrath clamors to his feet.
Warden Wrath says: "Owl Lady, I won't let you get away again!"
His arms transform into bundles of tentacles, which he uses to chase after the staff. Cut to them flying past prison cells, Warden Wrath in hot pursuit. Luz and the camera zero in on the lever keeping the Fanfic Prisoner's cell shut.
Luz says: "Eda, lend me a hand!"
Eda places her hand against Luz's. They open the cells of the three prisoners Luz and King had talked to earlier. All of them look excited. They burst through an outer door high in the center of the Conformatorium with a yell from Luz, then plummet. Warden Wrath exits right behind them, front flipping off the pillar.
The staff and Warden Wrath fall toward the ground. Warden Wrath extends one of his tentacles, hitting the very back of the staff and launching Eda, Luz, and King off of it. They roll when they hit the ground, and Warden Wrath steps in front of them, his hand shifting into a blade again.
King says: "Ow, my bones!"
Eda says: "Luz..."
Luz says: "What about you guys?"
King says: "If you think this guy is bad, you shoulda seen her last boyfriend!"
Eda says: "Not my boyfriend."
Eda slaps the bottom of the staff, sending it into the air. Warden Wrath takes off his mask to reveal a face that's mostly mouth, which opens to breathe fire. Eda expertly draws two spell circles, one that catches the fire and one that launches it right back. Wrath slams into the wall of the Conformatorium.
Wrath stands up, brandishing his blade-hands and running at Eda again. The three prisoners peek out of the hole that he left in the wall. Luz flies down to talk to them.
Luz says: "Why are you guys just standing there?"
Luz says: "This is your chance to escape!"
Eye-Eating Prisoner says: "The warden'll catch us."
Eye-Eating Prisoner says: "He always does."
Fanfic Prisoner says: "We belong here."
Tiny Nose says: "Self‐doubt is a pwison you can never escape fwom."
Prisoners muttering in agreement.
Luz says: "So, you have a different way of doing things, a different way of seeing things."
Luz says: "That might make you weird, but it also makes you awesome."
Luz says: "Don't you see?"
Fanfic Prisoner says: "Why are you helping us?"
Luz says: "Because us weirdos have to stick together."
Luz says: "And nobody should be punished for who they are."
The three prisoners all cheer. Luz turns the staff around.
Luz says: "Now, let's get 'em!"
They all follow Luz. Cut to Eda being thrown against the ground, and King being thrown into her arms a second later. Warden Wrath looms over them.
Warden Wrath says: "No more running away, Owl Lady."
Warden Wrath says: "Today I capture you once and for all!"
Luz says: "Go, go, go, go!"
The prisoners scream as they barrel into Wrath. Luz flies behind them.
Eda says: "Luz?"
Eye-Eating Prisoner says: "I eat my own eyes!"
Tiny Nose says: "I think the world as a twiangle!"
Fanfic Prisoner says: "And I practice the ancient art of fanfiction!"
Tiny Nose joins Fanfic Prisoner in holding Warden Wrath down while Eye-Eating Prisoner grabs his arms and ties them together. He then flips Wrath onto his stomach, so he can see Luz descending on Eda's staff.
Warden Wrath says: "You!"
Warden Wrath says: "Who do you think you are?"
Luz says: "Now eat this, sucka!"
Luz pulls her firecracker from her book report out of her messenger bag, tossing it into the air before hitting it with Eda's staff. The firecracker lands in Wrath's flaming mouth and goes off, sending fireworks into the air. He runs away, humiliated, fireworks still going off in his mouth, while the prisoners cheer.
Tiny Nose says: "We are victorious!"
Ed, with King on her shoulder, walks closer to Luz, putting a hand on the human's shoulder.
King says: "That was actually one of her better breakups."
Eda says: "Not a breakup."
Eda says: "Anyway, let's bounce before any more monsters fall in love with me."
The three fly off on the staff, fireworks still going off behind them.
Cut to the living room of the Owl House, where Eda leans her staff against the couch.
Eda says: "Well, a deal's a deal."
Eda says: "Let's get you home."
The key flies out of Luz's bag and into Eda's hand. She presses the eye, and the portal door unfolds itself in front of the fireplace. Luz walks up to it, then hugs herself and turns back to look at Eda and King. King looks at the ground, visibly sad. Luz reaches into her bag.
Luz says: "Before I go..."
Luz says: "a king shouldn't be without a crown."
Eda says: "Oh, and don't forget this."
Luz takes it, and the pamphlet for Reality Check Summer Camp that's on top of it, and walks toward the portal. She stares at the pamphlet before putting it under the Azura book. She pauses in front of the door, looking at it. She looks back down at her book, then up, at a mirror above the fireplace.
She holds up the book, on the cover of which is Azura in the foreground, with an older witch looking at a dog/cat creature in the background. She lowers the book to reveal the mirror showing a very similar image, King and Eda in the same positions as the creature and the older witch, and herself in the foreground between them. She brightens and turns around.
Luz says: "Okay."
Luz says: "I know you got your head cut off, and we started some kind of prison riot, but this was the most fun I've ever had."
Luz says: "I don't fit in at home."
Luz says: "You don't fit in here."
Luz says: "If I stay, we could not fit in together."
Luz says: "I'm not going back to summer camp."
Eda says: "What's summer camp?"
Eda says: "What are we talking about here?"
Luz says: "I want to stay and become a witch."
Luz says: "Like you."
Luz says: "And Azura."
Eda says: "Humans can't become witches."
Luz says: "Maybe that's because they haven't tried."
Luz says: "If you teach me to become a witch, I'll do anything you want."
King says: "She can make us snacks."
Eda says: "Well, I could use a hand keeping this goofball out of the cupboards."
Eda says: "All right."
Eda says: "I'll teach you how to be a witch."
Eda says: "But you have to work for me before you learn any spells."
Eda says: "Deal?"
Eda holds out her hand. Luz looks at it before grinning and crushing the two in a hug.
Eda says: "Gah!"
Eda says: "What's going on?"
King says: "Too tight!"
King says: "Too tight!"
Cut to Luz opening the creaking door to a storage room. She unrolls a sleeping bag and throws herself on it, before turning over and taking a picture of her and her mom out of her messenger bag. She rubs her thumb over the glass before placing the frame right next to her pillow. Her phone vibrates, and she grabs it and turns it on.
[A message from "Mom❤️" reads says: "How's summer camp?"
King says: "Your sleep cocoon looks fluffy."
[Luz sits up says: "I think I'm gonna like it here"."
pats the sleeping bag. King curls up at the bottom below her feet says: "I think I'm gonna like it here"."
falls asleep. Luz smiles at him before replying to her mom says: "I think I'm gonna like it here"."
Zoom out to the exterior of the Owl House. The giant stained glass eye above the door blinks.
Cut to title card.
Season 1.
Season 2.
TBA.