Open on the Owl House living room. Luz is reading a pamphlet about Hexside, labeled "Hexside Facts and Trivia." It has a picture of Principal Bump on the back along with his quote, "Education is the real magic.".
Luz says: "King, listen to this!"
King says: "Hey!"
King says: "Less ready, more scratchy!"
Luz says: "Sorry!"
Luz says: "Now that I'll be a student at Hexside, I wanna learn all about it!"
Luz says: "I've got a new crush, and her name is Education!"
King says: "Nyah!"
Eda says: "Hey freeloaders!"
Eda says: "Guess what today is?"
Luz says: "Is it your birthday!"
Luz says: "?"
King says: "Is it my birthday?"
Hooty says: "It's my birthday!"
Eda says: "No!"
Eda says: "It's human treasure day!"
Eda tosses the Portal Door into the air. It unfolds and opens. Owlbert flies through, dragging a giant sack. The sack tears when he flips it onto the floor, revealing a pile of human garbage. The door closes.
Eda says: "Ahh, fresh garbage."
King says: "Ooo, gimme gimme gimme!"
King says: "Yes!"
King says: "Another worthy addition to my army of terror!"
New Guy says: "I love cuddles and kisses!"
King says: "Truly horrifying!"
Eda says: "I have never seen such an extravagant earring."
Luz says: "You can have my trash."
Luz says: "Whoa!"
Luz says: "Did you know that Hexside was built on the bones of its rival school?"
Luz says: "One it literally conquered!"
Luz shows off the pamphlet, showing a picture of a much younger Principal Bump standing on various Glandus students, being cheered on by fellow Hexside students. The school burns behind them.
Eda says: "Oh, hello!"
Luz says: "Can you imagine it!"
Luz says: "Me, in the halls of Hexside, studying with Willow and Gus and- maybe even Amity!"
Luz says: "Amity!"
Luz says: "Oh cramity!"
Luz says: "We're supposed to meet so I can get my Azura book back!"
Luz says: "I love you guys!"
Hooty says: "And I love you, Lu--!"
Luz slams the door again.
Hooty says: "Aaah!"
Eda says: "Eh, who needs her?"
King says: "Yeah!"
King says: "This bear could be our new Luz."
New Guy says: "Being without you is just unbearable."
King says: "No!"
King says: "You're unbearable!"
THEME.
Cut to the market.
Luz says: "Amity, Amity, Amity, Amity."
Luz says: "Gotta find that- oh!"
Luz says: "There she is."
Luz says: "Hey Amity!"
Luz says: "Luz is finally here!"
Edirc and Emira suddenly appear in front of Luz, surprising her.
Edric says: "Hi Luz!"
Emira says: "Hi Luz!"
Luz says: "Aa!"
Amity says: "Edric!"
Amity says: "Emira!"
Amity says: "Stop bothering her!"
Amity says: "Sorry, Luz, they insisted on coming for some reason."
Emira says: "Because we love you baby sister!"
Emira says: "Ah!"
Amity says: "They've been extra protective and nice towards me to make up for the library incident."
Edric says: "And we still apologize everyday."
Amity says: "In any case, here's your book."
Luz says: "So, what'd you think?"
Amity says: "It was..."
Amity says: "fine."
Luz says: "So fine you drew yourself with Malingale the Mysterious Soothsayer?"
Luz says: "This is great!"
Luz says: "Maybe we could even start an Azura club at school when we're classmates!"
Amity says: "When we're what?"
Luz says: "Surprise!"
Luz says: "I'm enrolling at Hexside!"
Amity says: "Oh!"
Amity says: "Uh, sorry, but to be in my class, you need to take a placement exam and prove that you've mastered two spells."
Amity says: "I know you have your light thing."
Amity says: "Uh, do you know anything else?"
Luz says: "Placement exam?"
Luz says: "Spells?"
Emira says: "Quit giving her a hard time, Mittens."
Edric says: "Yeah, of course she knows two spells."
Edric says: "Right, Luz?"
Luz says: "Pff."
Luz says: "Yeah."
Luz says: "'Course I know two spells!"
Amity says: "Because if you don't, they'll put you in the baby class."
Amity hands Luz the pamphlet back, now flipped to the baby class page.
Edric says: "Oooh!"
Edric says: "Brain idea!"
Edric kneels in front of Amity. Emira leans on Amity's back, trapping her between them.
Emira says: "What if we all trained together?"
Emira says: "We could show off what we know!"
Edric says: "What do you say, Luz?"
Luz says: "Uh, actually, I have other training plans in a very far away place that I have to go to right now."
Cut to the Owl House kitchen. Eda is reading a book titled "Bending Ingredients to Your Will.".
Eda says: "Wow, a surprisingly peaceful domestic moment."
Eda says: "When will it be ruined?"
Luz says: "Edaaaa!"
Eda says: "There it is."
Luz says: "Eda, Eda!"
Luz says: "Eda!"
Luz says: "You have to teach me a new spell right now!"
Eda says: "Sorry, Luz!"
Eda says: "These vegetables won't cook themselves..."
Eda says: "yet."
Eda dumps a potion onto vegetables. They all grow arms and legs.
Eda says: "Alright, everybody in the pot!"
Eda says: "Why do I always think that's gonna work?"
Eda says: "Aah!"
Luz says: "But at the end of the day, that's the only spell I know."
Eda says: "And whose fault is that?"
Luz says: "Yours!"
Eda says: "Hah!"
Eda says: "Yep."
Eda says: "Got me there."
Luz says: "Just teach me a spell now."
Luz says: "Any spell!"
Luz says: "It can be the darkest evil."
Eda says: "Well, I have been researching my texts on wild magic, but I'm much too busy right now."
Luz says: "Come on Eda!"
Luz says: "You're the most powerful witch on the Boiling Isles."
Luz says: "How would it look if your apprentice got thrown into the baby class?"
Eda says: "Hmm."
Eda says: "Weaponizing my pride."
Eda says: "Well played."
Eda says: "Well, in that case, this looks like a job for magic boot camp."
King says: "Did someone say boot camp?"
King says: "I agree to run it."
King says: "We'll rise at dawn!"
King says: "You'll carry me on your back as I yell hateful things about your performance!"
Eda says: "Nope."
Eda says: "You'll have no part in this."
Eda says: "Luz needs to focus, and I can't have her go all weird when you do something adorable."
King says: "I am not adorable!"
Luz says: "Aww, he stamped his little foot!"
King squeals and leaves, slamming the door behind him. It reopens. He slams it again. It reopens. He slams it harder.
Eda says: "Now, no time to waste."
Eda says: "You'll have to follow my teaching exactly."
Eda says: "We gotta go somewhere special."
Luz says: "Yes!"
Eda says: "A place where magic energy just flows."
Luz says: "Yes!"
Cut to Eda and Luz standing in winter gear surrounded by snow.
Eda says: "A place like, the Knee!"
Luz says: "YES!"
Luz's cry echoes across the Isles.
Eda says: "The earliest witches came to the Knee to develop their magic, drawn to its natural power."
Luz says: "It's beautiful!"
Ruins covered in snow are shown.
Eda says: "Though, it's not without its dangers."
A Slitherbeast is gnawing on a tree trunk.
Eda says: "The Slitherbeast!"
Eda says: "Don't worry, if you don't mess with him, he won't mess with you."
Luz blows a raspberry at the Slitherbeast. It bites through the tree trunk and sniffs in Luz's direction.
Eda says: "Here's where we'll set up shop."
Luz says: "I'll definitely learn my second spell here!"
Luz says: "Gorgeous views, magic in the air."
Luz says: "And best of all, we're completely alone!"
A pink light illuminates her.
Eda says: "Watch out!"
Eda tackles Luz seconds before a pink fireball hits the spot Luz had been standing in. Eda pops up over the rocks they fell behind with her staff drawn. Luz also pops up.
Amity says: "Sorry, whoever's over there!"
Luz says: "Forget teaching me a spell, just make me disappear."
Eda says: "Well, okay, but I've got a 60/40 record of making you re-appear."
Eda says: "Oh!"
Eda says: "You meant..."
Eda says: "ah, never mind."
Edric and Emira wave.
Edric says: "Hey Luz!"
Emira says: "Lu!"
Edric says: "Hey, it's us!"
Luz says: "Okay, let's do this."
Luz says: "Hey guys!"
Eda says: "Who are they?"
Luz says: "Be cool!"
Luz says: "If they know I haven't mastered two spells, they'll think I belong in the baby class!"
Amity says: "What's that about the baby class?"
Eda says: "Only that it's for babies and Luz here clearly isn't a baby."
Luz says: "Amity!"
Luz says: "Wha..."
Luz says: "What are you doing here?"
Amity says: "I'm here to train."
Amity says: "I'm trying to beat Ed and Em's highest score on the exam."
Emira says: "Aw, Mittens."
Emira says: "That's impossible!"
Edric says: "She still needs to use a training wand to learn new spells."
Edric says: "So what are you workin' on?"
Edric says: "Something powerful?"
Luz says: "Yup!"
Luz says: "Powerful spells!"
Luz says: "I'm workin' on one that's so crazy!"
Luz says: "Eda's a pretty incredible teacher."
Emira says: "Is this some kind of..."
Emira says: "special magic?"
Amity says: "Ahem."
Amity says: "I don't think the Owl Lady wants to show us any of her powerful spells."
Eda says: "Oooh."
Eda says: "Brain freeze!"
Eda says: "Brain freeze!"
Emira says: "See you around, human!"
Emira says: "Good luck with your, uh, training."
Edric picks up a clump of snow and tries to lick it. Emira knocks it out of his hand and drags him away.
Edric says: "Aw."
Edric and Luz wave to each other.
Luz says: "Eda!"
Luz says: "Can you please take this seriously?"
Eda says: "You need to take me seriously."
Eda says: "Go taste snow without my guidance, see where it gets you."
Eda says: "Oh."
Eda says: "If you listen to me, soon you'll be doing stuff like that."
They look at the Blights. Amity reads from Magic 101, then aims her training wand at a tree and draws a spell circle with it. The produced fireball destroys the tree. The battery light on the training wand flashes.
Eda says: "And it won't be with some wack training wand, it'll be the real deal."
Eda says: "But you have to trust me, okay?"
Luz says: "Okay."
Luz says: "I trust you."
Eda says: "We've covered snow, so now it's on to smelling moss."
Eda says: "you really gotta get it up in there."
Luz's expression falls. Cut to outside of the Owl House.
King says: "This is ludicrous!"
King says: "I once led armies."
King says: "I can lead a dang boot camp!"
King says: "But I have no recruits."
King says: "Or do I?"
Hooty says: "Yep!"
Hooty says: "It's your fateful pal Hooty reporting for duty!"
Hooty says: "Up at dawn, taking orders all day long!"
King says: "Ugh, no!"
King says: "You are too desperate!"
King says: "Oh, you're perfect already!"
King says: "As for the rest of you, I'm only saying this once so listen up!"
New Guy falls onto Aloysius Turtle.
King says: "Huh it's no fun if they don't tremble."
King says: "Ohh okay, alright."
King says: "Yep, an idea is happening!"
Cut to the Knee, where Eda is sitting in front of a fire drinking out of a mug and Luz is walking out from the forest.
Luz says: "Ugh."
Luz says: "Okay."
Luz says: "I've identified the smells of three different rocks, sorted all the twigs from big to small, and found your glove, and your hand."
Eda says: "Ah, I was wondering where that thing went."
Luz says: "So what now?"
Cut to Amity training with Edric and Emira. Amity sends a jet of fire at Edric with the training wand. He dodges it. Emira summons an arm of snow. Amity blocks and destroys it with a shield. Amity dispels the shield and waves at Luz. Edric uses the distraction to make Amity sink in the snow until only her hand is showing.
Eda says: "Hey."
Eda says: "I know my lessons seem weird but this is what wild magic is all about!"
Eda says: "Making a connection with nature."
Eda says: "The earliest witches understood that."
Eda says: "Human witches need to understand it too."
Eda says: "You wanna learn a second spell?"
Luz says: "With all my heart."
Eda says: "Then you have to learn from the island."
Eda says: "Now look."
The rock overlooks the Titan. Its Ribs are nearly the same height as the Knee, and Its Skull is towering even from the opposite end of the Isles. Luz stares at the sight in awe as wind blows past her.
Eda says: "And think about what the island is trying to tell you."
Luz's Right Hand says: "Focus?"
Luz's Right Hand says: "On what?"
Luz's Right Hand says: "On you'll be stuck in the baby class?"
Luz says: "No!"
Luz says: "Don't think like that!"
Luz Left Hand says: "Face it, you'll never get a second spell following Eda's lessons."
Luz says: "Silence, hands!"
A crash gets her attention. Amity has destroyed a pillar with her training wand.
Emira says: "Amity!"
Emira says: "Dinner's ready!"
Edric says: "I caught a bat!"
Amity says: "Edric, don't eat that."
Luz says: "If I wanna be in the same class as Amity, I'm gonna need to learn magic like Amity."
Luz's Left Hand says: "Great work, Luz!"
Luz says: "Shh!"
Luz says: "I don't need your validation."
Cut to the Owl House's kitchen.
King says: "Military discipline, cooking!"
King says: "Ha, I truly am a demon for all seasons!"
King says: "Just a dash of Eda's secret sauce and I'm the creator of life!"
The toys' arms start moving.
King says: "Yes, yes, yes!"
King says: "My loyal recruits!"
The toys all stand on two feet.
King says: "Welcome to boot camp!"
King says: "You sure need it."
King says: "Look at you: raggedy, pathetic, chewed on, you got a button hangin' off of your eye."
King says: "Pathetic!"
King says: "But I'll mold you worms into..."
King says: "slightly..."
King says: "better kinds of worms."
King says: "Your first mission: gimme snacks!"
King says: "Your commander is hungry, so pick it up!"
Aloysius Turtle, Chip, and Beefy Bob walk in the direction King pointed, while New Guy walks the other way.
King says: "Hey, Private Dingdong, snacks are that-a-way!"
King says: "You better shape up recruit, you're in my boot camp now."
New Guy's eyes flash red. Cut to the Knee, where Edric is holding a bat. Emira and Amity glare at him.
Emira says: "Ed, give me the bat."
Edric says: "No!"
Edric says: "If we're not gonna eat it, I wanna keep it as a pet!"
Emira and Amity follow him.
Emira says: "Get back here before that thing bites you!"
Luz sneaks into the Blights' tent and takes Amity's wand and book. She goes to a ledge near her and Eda's tent, where she kneels down and opens the book. Inside is a drawing Amity made.
Luz says: "Huh."
Luz says: "Her crosshatching has improved."
She moves Amity's drawing to show a page titled "Fireball." Under an image of a witch casting the spell is the word "FOCUS" written in runes.
Luz says: "Oh man, oh man."
Luz says: "Yes!"
She shoots the fireball off. It explodes like a firework.
Luz says: "I did magic!"
Luz says: "I did magic!!"
Luz says: "Without drawing anything!"
Luz says: "This thing is the coolest!"
Eda says: "Hold it right there."
Eda says: "What are you doing with that?"
Luz says: "I'm doing magic, what would you have me do?"
Luz says: "Eat more snow?"
Luz says: "Lick a rock?"
Eda says: "Okay, so maybe my methods are..."
Eda says: "unique, but so is your magic."
Eda says: "Connecting to the island can help you."
Eda says: "That wand can't."
Luz says: "Well, it's already helped me."
Luz says: "Just watch what I can do!"
She draws out another spell circle. The power bar on the wand flashes a low battery bar. Luz looses control of the fireball.
Luz says: "Wh..."
Luz says: "whoaaa!"
The fireball goes off further into the Knee. When it lands, birds fly off.
The Slitherbeast jumps over the trees. A large patch of fur has been burned off over its mouth.
Eda says: "You've angered the Slitherbeast."
Eda says: "You've angered the Slitherbeast!"
Luz says: "Will it accept a heartfelt apology?"
The Slitherbeast sniffs and sees the still smoldering-tip of Amity's training wand. It growls and runs at Luz.
Eda says: "Watch out!"
Luz says: "Eda!"
Amity says: "Luz!"
The Blights arrive.
Edric says: "What did we miss?"
Amity says: "And what are you doing with my wand?"
Luz says: "Um..."
Amity takes her wand and her book and holds them protectively.
Emira says: "Mittens, we've got bigger problems."
The Slitherbeast advances on them, Eda still held in one claw. It growls at them.
Emira says: "Aw, he's so cute."
Emira says: "Can we keep him?"
Edric says: "It's no bat, but we could try."
Edric and Emira both cast a lasso at the Slitherbeast's hands. It growls and pulls at the bonds. Edric and Emira struggle to keep hold.
Eda says: "You got it!"
Eda says: "Now finish it off!"
Amity says: "I'm on it!"
Amity says: "What?"
Amity smacks the wand against her hand, then notices the low battery light. She turns to Luz.
Amity says: "Did you use this all up?"
Luz says: "I..."
Luz says: "I didn't know!"
Emira says: "Come on, Luz!"
Edric says: "Do those powerful spells you were talking about!"
Luz says: "But I don't actually..."
Luz says: "know any."
The Slitherbeast growls and frees its hands with a yell. Emira and Edric are yanked into the snow.
Amity says: "Edric!"
Amity says: "Emira!"
The Slitherbeast picks up the Blights, but Amity falls through.
Amity says: "No!"
The Slitherbeast puts Edric and Emira into the claw holding Eda and runs off. The captured witches yell as the Slitherbeast goes. Amity and Luz follow them for a bit, then stop, panting.
Cut to the Owl House living room, where King's toys have loaded up the couch with snacks.
King says: "Yep, keep 'em coming."
King says: "Running a boot camp is tough work, but as my second-in-command, you deserve this."
King dumps the chips onto Francois. New Guy watches them fall and tries to reach for one.
King says: "Hey, hey!"
King says: "Private New Guy!"
King says: "You're not privy to snacking privileges, back away!"
New Guy's eyes glow red again, this time not fading back to blue. He walks off the arm of the couch without breaking eye contact with King.
King says: "Leading this boot camp has tuckered a little guy out, so Sergeant King signing off."
King puts a night cap on Francois and himself and closes his eyes. A shadow falls over him.
King says: "Excuse me?"
New Guy is looming over him, his eyes still glowing.
King says: "Could you maybe turn down those eyeballs?"
King says: "Trying to sleep."
He closes his eyes again. More shadows fall over him. King opens his eyes. All of the animated toys are now looming over him, their eyes glowing. Beefy Bob pulls New Guy's string.
New Guy says: "Don't you want a hug?"
King says: "Ah!"
Cut to the Knee, where Luz and Amity watch trees shake as the Slitherbeast runs through them.
Luz says: "What do we do?"
Amity says: "I am going after them."
Amity says: "You are staying here."
Luz says: "But the beast has Eda!"
Amity says: "You'll only get hurt."
She draws a circle in the air. A matching circle appears on the ground around Luz. With a flick of Amity's hand, a cage rises from the circle on the ground. Amity runs.
Luz says: "Amity!"
Luz says: "Wait!"
Luz says: "You were supposed to teach me magic."
She looks up, where clouds are parting to reveal stars. Snow is beginning to fall.
Luz says: "But I'll never learn more than this."
She pulls a notepad and a pencil from her pocket and draws a light glyph. She activates it and watches as it flies into the sky. Stars blink above.
Luz says: "Wait."
Luz says: "Is that..."
The stars form a constellation in the form of her light glyph. She traces the outer ring with her finger.
Luz says: "..."
Luz says: "a light glyph?"
Luz says: "But what does that mean?"
A snowflake lands on her glove. She looks at it, seeing a pattern in the center before it melts.
Luz says: "Whoa."
Determined, she grabs a stick. She breaks a twig off of it and catches another snowflake.
Luz says: "It means..."
Luz says: "magic is a gift from the island."
Luz says: "It means..."
She draws the glyph from the snowflake into the snow with the twig, adding a diamond to the bottom. She taps the glyph on the ground, backing away when a small pillar of ice rises from it.
Luz says: "..."
Luz says: "magic is everywhere!"
Luz grabs the bigger stick and replicates the ice glyph, this time the entire size of the cage.
Luz says: "Magic is everywhere!"
She jumps off the rock and activates the giant glyph. The resulting ice pillar grows taller than the cage, launching her through the air.
Luz says: "Woooo-- aaah!"
Cut to outside of the Owl House. Hooty is listening to loud music through headphones.
King says: "I gave you life, I can take it away!"
Arrows and knives land around King.
King says: "AH!"
King says: "Hooty!"
King says: "Great news, buddy, you can be in the boot camp!"
King says: "First task: destroy the boot camp."
Hooty says: "Hmmmm, no thanks!"
King says: "What?"
King says: "But you begged to join!"
Hooty says: "Sorry."
Hooty says: "You said I was desperate, so now I'm playing hard to get."
King says: "What do you want!"
Hooty says: "I don't know."
Hooty says: "What are you offering?"
King says: "Hmm..."
Cut to a body now being drawn around Hooty, so that he's the face.
Hooty says: "Wow, this is incredible!"
Hooty says: "It's so real!"
Hooty says: "You got yourself a deal!"
Hooty says: "Hooooot!"
Hooty rips apart King's toys. Stuffing, a button, and an arm land at King's feet as he watches from the doorway.
King says: "This day shall live in infamy."
New Guy's head is thrown against the door frame.
Cut to the Knee, where Luz runs out of some trees. Growling is heard from a cave obscured with fog. Inside the cave, the Slitherbeast spits purple goop at the wall. It shoves Eda, Emira, and Edric against it. The goop closes around their torsos. The Slitherbeast hops away.
Emira says: "Don't worry."
Emira says: "We'll be fine!"
Skeletons drop from the ceiling.
Edric says: "No, we're gonna die."
Luz says: "That's right."
Luz says: "Just kidding, Luz is here!"
Eda says: "Kid, get outta here!"
Eda says: "I'm just gonna sneak away when the thing starts eating the twins."
Emira says: "Wait, what?"
Luz says: "Don't worry, Eda, I get it now."
Luz says: "I was so obsessed with learning my second spell, I didn't listen to you."
Luz says: "But now I'm gonna save you!"
Luz says: "Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah."
Eda says: "Well, at least I got to see her misplaced confidence one last time."
Cut to Amity peeking around a boulder with a serious expression. Luz pops up under her with a similar expression. Amity notices Luz and her expression becomes shocked.
Amity says: "Luz!"
Luz says: "Hello!"
They both duck behind the boulder.
Amity says: "H-how did you get past the barrier?"
Luz says: "Magic!"
Luz says: "Literally!"
Luz says: "Now, forget that, because you and I are gonna have to work together if we want to save everyone."
Luz says: "Okay, here's what we're gonna do."
The Slitherbeast returns. It sprinkles assorted seasonings on Edric, Emira, and Eda's heads.
Eda says: "Ugh, I hate garlic."
Luz says: "Hey!"
Luz says: "You big idiot!"
Luz says: "Over here!"
The Slitherbeast turns and growls. It jumps at Luz, who runs. Amity climbs up to her siblings and Eda.
Edric says: "Amity!"
Emira says: "Use that fire spell we taught you!"
Amity says: "But I can't do it without the wand!"
Emira says: "Yes, you can."
Emira says: "Just focus."
Amity says: "Okay."
She slowly traces a spell circle in front of her. It wavers when she concentrates, but a ball of pink fire appears after a moment.
Emira says: "Cool."
Emira says: "I didn't think you could actually do it."
Amity melts the three of them free.
Amity says: "Luz!"
Cut to Luz dodging the Slitherbeast and running out of the cave. The Slitherbeast follows her until she gets to a tree and stops.
Luz says: "Gotcha!"
Luz steps on a huge ice glyph drawn into the snow. She ducks away from the rising pillar of ice. The ice launches the Slitherbeast into the air, it lands hard on its back. Everyone else runs out of the cave. The Slitherbeast rights itself, screeches at the witches, and runs at them.
Eda says: "You want me to teach you kids something cool?"
Amity says: "Yes!"
Emira says: "Yes!"
Edric says: "Yes, please!"
Eda says: "Sleep spell!"
Her spell circle passes around the Slitherbeast. It immediately falls to the ground and begins snoring.
Luz says: "Now that's my mentor!"
Luz says: "Did you see?"
Luz says: "I learned my second spell, I made the connection!"
Eda says: "I saw."
Eda says: "Nice work kiddo."
Emira says: "You showed some real bravery in there, sis."
Edric says: "Yeah, nice work kiddo."
Amity says: "Stop!"
Amity says: "So it looks like we'll be in the same class."
Luz says: "Azura Book Club?"
Luz says: "Azura Book Club!"
Amity says: "As long as it's a secret club, okay?"
Edric says: "It's not a secret!"
Emira says: "We're gonna tell everyone!"
Eda says: "Alright, your adorable banter is literally making me sick."
Eda says: "Let's go home already."
Luz says: "On it, teach!"
Luz draws another ice glyph and activates it. This one is a diagonal pillar of ice that sends them flying.
Emira says: "I think we can go the normal way."
Cut to the Owl House, where stuffing is raining down in the living room.
King says: "Private Hooty, today when the felt flew you showed grit and determination that were instrumental in securing our victory."
King says: "May I just say, it has been an honor, to be your commander."
Hooty says: "Sir, the honor has been all mine."
Eda says: "Ahem."
Eda says: "What the heck did you two get into?"
King says: "Um, excuse me?"
King says: "We're having a moment here!"
Hooty says: "You'll never understand what we've been through together!"
Hooty says: "Never!"
Hooty says: "Never!"
King says: "Ugh, moment ruined."
Hooty says: "I will be haunted by my actions forever."
Hooty says: "Hoot hoot."