Open on the Emperor's Castle. Cut to a flag bearing the sign of the Emperor's Coven. Wild Witches are being brought across the drawbridge on a paddy wagon, most hidden in shadow, the ones we do see looking resigned to their fate. Something explodes out of the castle's chimney. Lilith is watching the procession from atop the castle walls, then turns and heads inside. Cut to Lilith approaching a stained glass window of Emperor Belos, robed witches bowing at his feet while a Hand of the Titan reaches for the sun behind them.
Lilith says: "I haven't forgotten what you've promised me."
Lilith says: "I will bring you my sister, Emperor Belos."
Kikimora says: "Then why the delay?"
Lilith says: "Kikimora!"
Kikimora says: "The Day of Unity is fast approaching, and other teams have bound many rogue witches to covens, and yet The Owl Lady still roams free."
Kikimora says: "Are you..."
Kikimora says: "protecting her?"
Lilith says: "Rest assured, Kiki."
Lilith says: "I have everything under control."
Lilith says: "Today, we capture Eda, once and for all."
THEME.
Cut to the Owl House, where Hooty is fast asleep.
Hooty says: "Hoot hoot hoot hoot hoot hoot hoot..."
Lilith says: "Surround the house!"
The guards go off in different directions.
Hooty says: "Sleepwalking..."
Hooty says: "sleepwalking  Sleep-hooting!"
Hooty slams his face into the ground, popping up behind Lilith.
Hooty says: "Hiya, Lilith!"
Hooty says: "Peek-a-hoot!"
The guards charge.
Hooty says: "Sorry!"
Hooty says: "Eda doesn't like trespassers but I'm always here to make new friends!"
Hooty says: "Hoot!"
Hooty says: "Hoot!"
Lilith grabs her staff and stands. Hooty is bobbing in front of a tree. Lilith takes aim and fires.
Hooty says: "I did it!"
Hooty says: "Oh hey!"
Hooty says: "Look, it's a bug!"
The spell slices through the tree, which falls toward Lilith. She just misses it, then collapses on the ground.
Hooty says: "Aww!"
Hooty says: "Just an old leaf!"
Hooty says: "Well..."
Hooty says: "that's good too."
[From inside The Owl House says: "Eda, who is wearing a yellow scarf, watches Hooty fighting the guards through her binoculars."
Eda says: "Hooty!"
Eda says: "Ah, you're a thorn in my side  but you always dig your way into my heart."
Luz is intrigued by what's brewing in Eda's cauldron.
Luz says: "Oooo..."
Luz says: "magic 'sghetti."
Eda says: "Hey!"
Eda says: "Every witch worth their salt has a cloak made from this stuff."
Luz says: "I'm worth salt..."
Luz says: "I want cloak!"
Luz tries to grab the cauldron but Eda pulls it away from her.
Eda says: "Easy, kid!"
Eda says: "With the Emperor's goons at my doorstep, I need this for protection."
Eda says: "They have really stepped up their attacks lately."
Luz says: "He's got the hots for you, doesn't he?"
Eda says: "Uh, but no."
Eda says: "Emperor Belos wants to control all wild magic through his coven system."
Eda says: "He ordered my capture years ago because I refuse to fall in line."
Luz says: "And he won't stop until he's got you..."
Eda says: "Awww, don't sound so worried."
Eda says: "I'm a master escape artist."
Eda says: "The only thing that can slow me down is my curse, and that hasn't bothered me for weeks!"
Eda says: "Uh oh..."
Eda transforms into The Owl Beast as Luz gasps in horror.
Luz says: "King!"
King says: "Weh?"
King says: "AH!"
Luz says: "Get the elixir!"
Luz says: "Now!"
The Owl Beast raises its head. Cut to Eda gasping, now standing in a void. Her childhood bedroom materializes out of the gloom. Her younger self is sleeping.
The door opens behind her, revealing a indistinct shadow. Eda looks at it.
Eda says: "You know, I'm getting a little tired of this game."
Eda says: "So, why don't you just show me your face?"
In the real world, Eda is now holding Luz's face as Luz holds an empty bottle of elixir to Eda's mouth.
Eda says: "And those..."
Eda's scarf falls off, revealing that her gem is still half black.
Luz says: "Hey, your gem!"
Luz says: "It's still dark!"
Eda says: "Uh..."
Eda says: "No, it's not!"
Eda says: "You're nuts!"
Luz says: "The curse has been getting worse and you've been hiding it!"
Eda says: "Ugh..."
Eda says: "you're right."
Eda says: "It's taking more elixir to turn me back and more magic to keep the curse from rearing its feathery head."
Luz says: "What happens if you use your magic up?"
Luz says: "Do you..."
Luz says: "do you die?!"
Luz says: "!"
Eda says: "No!"
Eda says: "Jeez, you're morbid."
Eda says: "I just kinda sorta, turn into the Owl Beast..."
Eda says: "forever."
Eda says: "Ahhh, it's a fate much worse than death if you think about it."
Luz says: "No!"
Luz says: "No, I-I can't let that happen!"
Luz says: "I'll do something about it."
Eda says: "Ah!"
Eda says: "There's the Luz I know!"
Eda says: "Ugh."
Eda says: "Go on."
Eda says: "Do the parallel arm thing..."
King says: "King demands huggies too!"
Eda says: "Okay!"
Eda says: "It's..."
Eda says: "time..."
Eda says: "for..."
Eda says: "school!"
Cut to the kitchen door, which Eda drops Luz out of.
Eda says: "Have a good day!"
Luz says: "Get rest!"
Luz says: "Drink lots of water!"
Luz says: "Stay out of the sun!"
Eda slams the door.
Eda says: "Ah, what a good kid!"
Eda says: "So considerate."
Eda says: "She deserves something nice."
Eda says: "And I think I know what!"
Cut to Luz walking to school, talking to herself.
Luz says: "Poor Eda."
Luz says: "Enemies everywhere, even her own body."
Luz says: "I wish I could help her."
A distant scream grabs Luz's attention. She peeks through bushes to see Hooty, wrapped around beaten up guards, serving them tea. One of the guards is feebly trying to escape.
Hooty says: "The roughhousing was fun, but I like this part of our playdates even better!"
Luz stands and shudders, then runs to school. She passes a ringing compact mirror on a pile of dirt, out of which Lilith's arm bursts. She grabs the compact and opens it as she drags herself out, a bird nest on her head.
Kikimora says: "The Emperor demands your presence in the throne room."
Kikimora says: "And there's a bird on your head."
Lilith looks up, where there is in fact now a bird in the nest.
Bird says: "Oooo..."
Bird says: "you're in trouble!"
Lilith groans and closes the compact mirror. Cut to Hexside, where Principal Bump and various students are lined up for a flying ship. Luz walks up to Willow and Gus.
Gus says: "Luz, you ready for the field trip of a lifetime to the one, the only, Emperor's Castle!"
Luz says: "Right."
Luz says: "I was actually gonna stay behind."
Luz says: "I don't like the way they treat Eda."
Gus says: "But you're gonna miss out on all the cool stuff!"
Luz says: "Like what?"
Willow says: "Like ancient relics!"
Willow says: "Look, it's the Plant Coven's Green Thumb Gauntlet!"
Willow says: "It can grow whatever you imagine."
The book shows a picture of regular trees captioned "BEFORE." The camera pans to the "AFTER" section, where the tree tops now act as heads, they all have arms and abs, and one is holding an owl's nest.
Luz says: "Mmm..."
Gus says: "And the Oracle Sphere!"
Gus says: "It shows you which path will help you become your best self!"
Camera pans to the Healing Hat.
Luz says: ""The Healing Hat."
Luz says: "Made from the magic of the Savage Ages."
Luz says: "It is said to cure the deadliest diseases..."
Luz says: "and heal any curse"?"
Willow says: "Yeah!"
Willow says: "You can't miss this!"
Principal Bump says: "All aboard students!"
Willow and Gus head for the ship, dropping the book. Luz looks at it.
Luz says: "Mmm."
Luz says: "You've done so much for me, Eda."
Luz says: "Now I'm gonna do something for you."
Cut to the flying ship headed for the Emperor's Castle. Students on board are cheering.
Principal Bump says: "No roughhousing!"
Principal Bump says: "Do not make me turn this carriage around!"
[Cut to Luz's notebook. She has drawn the Healing Hat says: ""HEALING HAT HEIST 1."
written says: ""HEALING HAT HEIST 1."
[Cut to Luz's notebook. She has drawn the Healing Hat says: "Sneak into castle!"
written says: "Sneak into castle!"
[Cut to Luz's notebook. She has drawn the Healing Hat says: "2."
written says: "2."
[Cut to Luz's notebook. She has drawn the Healing Hat says: "Steal healing hat 3."
written says: "Steal healing hat 3."
[Cut to Luz's notebook. She has drawn the Healing Hat says: "Lift curse"."
written says: "Lift curse"."
Willow says: "Hey Luz!"
Luz says: "Ah!"
Luz says: "Um, what was that, Willow?"
Willow says: "I was just saying we were getting close to the castle."
Willow says: "Emperor Belos built it as a symbol of unity."
Willow says: "Before he came to power, folks were doing magic all wrong."
Willow says: "He taught us that the only way to respect what the Titan gave us is through joining covens."
Luz looks doubtful.
Willow says: "It's a shame Amity couldn't make it."
Willow says: "She would LOVE this trip."
Cut to Amity's bedroom. She's lying in bed with her feet propped up on a pillow, one of them still in a cast. She looks at a poster on her wall of Lilith posing with a sword, the words "Join the Emperor's Coven TODAY!" written under her.
Amity says: "Shut up."
Cut back to the ship.
Luz says: "So, Willow..."
Luz says: "would you say this Belos guy is like, powerful?"
Willow says: "No offense to Eda, but the Emperor is the most skilled witch that's ever lived."
Willow says: "He can even talk to the Titan."
The ship lands in front of the castle. Towering doors open.
Principal Bump says: "Now, the Emperor's assistant will be your tour guide."
Principal Bump says: "Please don't make me regret taking you here."
Kikimora stands on a platform as a bridge extends to the ship.
Class says: "Whoa!"
Class says: "Look at that!"
Class says: "It's massive!"
The bridge retreats, bringing the students closer to Kikimora.
Kikimora says: "Children of Hexside, Emperor Belos welcomes you to his castle."
Kikimora says: "We're honored by visits from students."
Kikimora says: "You'll soon be a part of the coven, some lucky few may even find their home here, in the mighty Emperor's Coven!"
Class says: "She looked at me!"
Class says: "Wow, some!"
Kikimora says: "You..."
Kikimora says: "are the future of the Isles!"
Kikimora says: "My job is to teach you its past."
They enter the castle. Guards flank either side of a hallway, saluting, as others walk on overpasses. The walls are covered in tapestries, murals, and statues.
Class says: "Ooh."
Class says: "Whoa!"
Kikimora says: "Today, the Isles are a place of peace and prosperity."
Kikimora says: "But that wasn't always the case."
Kikimora says: "Witches had access to corrupt knowledge, and that dishonored the Titan."
Luz stops at a grate.
Kikimora says: "That was, until our great Emperor ascended to the throne, and taught witches how to use magic properly."
Kikimora says: "Our next stop is the Emperor's personal collection of relics."
Willow says: "Oh!"
Willow says: "Luz, you'll like this."
Willow says: "It's where- huh?"
Luz says: "Heh..."
Luz says: "Uh, love me a properly ventilated castle!"
Luz follows the rest of the group. Cut to a door opening.
Kikimora says: "The Relic Room."
Kikimora says: "These items are reminders of our great Emperor's overwhelming power."
Kikimora says: "From the curious and mighty."
Gus says: "Oooh."
Kikimora says: "To the very handy."
Willow says: "Oh, I could grow such beautiful things with that."
Kikimora says: "And even, the most valuable."
Luz stares at the Hat as Willow is admiring the Gauntlet.
Kikimora says: "Come along, children."
Willow goes to catch up. Luz starts walking towards the Healing Hat, but Gus runs up and drags her along.
Gus says: "Let's go, Luz!"
Cut to a hallway.
Kikimora says: "Here at the Emperor's Coven, we require members with sophistication, elegance, and grace."
A door slams open. Lilith is standing there, leaves in her disheveled hair. She spits out feathers and vanishes her staff, then enters.
Kikimora says: "Ahh!"
Kikimora says: "Make way for Miss Lilith Clawthorne, students."
Class says: "Oh, my gosh."
Class says: "The head of the coven!"
Class says: "Wow!"
Kikimora says: "Yes, and if I'm not mistaken, she's on here way to see the Emperor himself."
Kikimora says: "Let's all wish her luck!"
Class says: "Good luck Miss Lilith!"
Lilith says: "Thank you, students."
Lilith says: "Good luck with puberty."
Kikimora says: "This way, children."
Most of the class follows Kikimora down the hall as Lilith enters a door. Luz looks after Lilith.
Luz says: "Hmm."
Cut to Lilith walking through the halls, Luz tailing her out of sight. The closer to the Emperor's room they get, the more pipes are visible snaking around the walls. Luz is nearly caught, but ducks behind a corner before Lilith turns around. When she continues on, Luz peeks. Lilith stops at a massive door to clean herself up before entering. Luz runs up and watches through the keyhole.
Inside is a massive throne room. A beating green heart, far larger than would belong in any current living creature, is hooked up to pipes above the golden throne, which is flanked with flaming braziers. Various guards are standing around the room, one with a mask resembling an owl standing directly behind the throne. Belos himself is sitting on the throne, his head in his hand. Lilith approaches the throne and kneels.
Lilith says: "I am at your service, Emperor Belos."
A guard brings a palisman on a tray.
Emperor Belos says: "Just a moment, Lilith."
Emperor Belos takes the palisman. He sinks his finger guards into the palisman's neck, dragging a line and breaking its head off. Glowing green goop falls out of the palisman, which Emperor Belos pours into the eye holes of his mask. His eyes, unseen before, flash a glowing green.
Emperor Belos says: "Ah, that's better."
Luz gasps and pulls away from the door, covering her mouth. She whimpers and runs off.
Emperor Belos says: "How's the hunt for the Owl Lady?"
Emperor Belos says: "I heard you attempted a raid this morning."
Emperor Belos says: "Unsuccessful?"
Emperor Belos says: "That was obvious enough."
Emperor Belos says: "It's been over a month since you promised to bring me the Owl Lady."
Emperor Belos says: "Well, where is she?"
Emperor Belos says: "I'm getting bored of your excuses, Lilith."
Emperor Belos says: "Don't worry, I'll give you the time you need."
Emperor Belos says: "Bring the Owl Lady to me by twilight."
Emperor Belos says: "She'll join the Emperor's Coven and in return, I'll heal her little curse."
Emperor Belos says: "But, if you fail..."
Emperor Belos says: "you will be stripped of your rank and banished from my coven."
Emperor Belos says: "You do know what happens to covenless, don't you?"
Lilith looks over at the same mural the students saw in the hall. Screams overlay the scene; the witches depicted aren't celebrating his power, they're begging for mercy. Lilith stands.
Lilith says: "I-- I understand."
Lilith says: "I will not fail."
Lilith turns and leaves. Cut to the Owl House, where Eda is knitting with the witch's wool and King is napping.
Eda says: "Yeah!"
Eda says: "Something tells me Luz is gonna like having a cape."
King says: "Cape?"
King says: "I thought you were making cake!"
Eda says: "You thought I was knitting a cake?"
King says: "I, uh..."
King says: "anyway!"
King says: "If there's no cake, then I have to get to work!"
King says: "Would you look at us two, being all generous to that kid."
King says: "You know what, when she first got here, I thought we were gonna eat her."
A louder crash knocks a picture off the wall.
King says: "But now I only think of that, like, sometimes."
Eda says: "Yeah, she's changed the feel of this house."
[Eda picks up the fallen picture says: "one of Luz shoveling purple and green tentacles in her mouth, a banner behind her reading "FINISH OR DIE!"
Eda says: "Well, she always had a good heart, but was impatient and always bit off more than she could chew."
Eda says: "But despite all that, I think she's finally growing up."
Cut to the Emperor's Castle. Luz peeks out of a curtain to look through a window, watching the class leave.
Luz says: "Please don't notice I'm gone, please don't notice I'm-- boarding the bus?"
Sure enough, Luz is on the bridge. She turns around and sticks out her tongue at the real Luz.
Luz says: "Huh?"
Willow taps Luz's shoulder.
Luz says: "Wah!"
Luz turns around to see Willow and Gus, Gus spinning three spell circles.
Luz says: "Oh!"
Luz says: "Guys."
Luz says: "I, uh..."
Luz says: "."
Willow says: "You were planning on taking the Healing Hat, weren't you?"
Luz says: "You got me."
Luz says: "But you don't understand."
Willow says: "Luz, no matter what, you can't steal this hat."
Gus says: "But, you can borrow it!"
Willow says: "Hey!"
Willow says: "I wanted to say that!"
Willow says: "We learned about Eda's curse from your notes."
Willow says: "We're totally gonna help you."
Luz says: "Thanks, guys."
Luz says: "I know exactly what we gotta do."
Luz says: "It's time for a heist!"
[Montage says: "Willow, Luz, and Gus sneak through the halls when they see a guard coming down the stairs."
[Montage says: "They duck behind a small bush, which Willow grows into the shape of a unicorn."
[Montage says: "The guard stops, nudges its horn, and continues on."
[Montage says: "The three run off; Another guard is standing in a hallway."
[Montage says: "The three notice them and come out of a door stacked together awkwardly under one uniform."
[Montage says: "Luz, at the front, waves, high-fives the guard, and fingerguns as they retreat."
[Montage says: "The guard is very confused; Luz looks at the vent from earlier."
[Montage says: "She draws out a fire glyph and melts the vent; they reach yet another hallway, where Gus illusions up a double of Kikimora to send a guard off."
[Montage says: "Once the guard leaves, the illusion Kikimora does the worm."
[Montage says: "Gus laughs, oblivious to Luz and Willow's confused looks."
Finally, the three enter the Relic Room.
Luz says: "Healing Hat."
Luz says: "Mmm!"
Luz says: "You're Eda's last hope."
Luz says: "I-I can feel it!"
Luz says: "I can feel the magic flowing!"
Gus says: "Me too!"
Gus says: "Finally, I'm about to become my best self!"
Gus holds the Sphere up, and a purple-tinted double of him appears.
Gus Copy says: "You're always your best self."
Camera pans to Willow wearing the Green Thumb Gauntlet. She grows a large wooden arm, which flexes and then sinks back into the Gauntlet.
Willow says: "Whoa!"
Willow says: "I just wanted to try it out."
Luz says: "Now we can cure Eda and get this hat back before anyone knows it's gone."
The scene distorts and pulses.
Emperor Belos says: "I will know."
The scene returns to normal. Everyone is looking at the ceiling. Luz and Willow back up nervously.
Luz says: "We need to go."
Luz says: "Now."
Barricades drop in front of the doors, locking them in.
Willow says: "Stand back!"
Willow grabs the Green Thumb Gauntlet and grows a massive buff tree. It extends its arms at one of the barricades.
Cut to a hallway, where Lilith is pacing in front of the stained glass mural of Belos.
Lilith says: "Lilith, think!"
Lilith says: "You've given your entire life to this coven, you can't lose it."
Lilith says: "What's Eda's weakness?"
Lilith says: "She has no attachment, no friends."
Lilith says: "Think!"
Lilith punches the wall at the same time a loud crash happens. She stares at her hand. Cut to the Relic Room, where the barricade now has a hole in it.
Willow's tree shrinks to nothing.
Luz says: "Come on, let's go!"
Luz stops at Lilith's pointed staff. Using her palisman, Lilith pushes down the hood of Luz's cowl.
Lilith says: "Why, if it isn't Eda's human pet."
Lilith says: "How perfect."
Luz backs up as Lilith advances on her.
Lilith says: "Aren't I lucky to find you here."
Luz says: "Stay away!"
Lilith says: "That's the plan."
Willow says: "Run, Luz!"
Willow raises the Green Thumb Gauntlet and grows a wooden arm to grab Lilith's staff. Luz runs. Lilith uses her staff to fling Willow toward the door.
Gus says: "Wrong move, Lilith."
Lilith poofs Gus's copy, and throws him across the room with Willow.
Lilith says: "Now, that doesn't belong to you."
Luz says: "No!"
Luz tries to free the Hat from Lilith's magic. Lilith closes her fist, and the magic rips the hat in half. It disappears.
Luz says: "No!"
Luz says: "I needed that to heal your sister!"
Lilith says: "Huh."
Lilith says: "These decrepit relics are useless."
Lilith says: "If you wanna see your friend again, deliver this to Edalyn."
Lilith throws her staff to Willow and Gus. The staff flies them away.
Willow says: "Luz!"
Luz looks nervously at Lilith. Lilith smirks.
Cut to the Owl House, where Eda folds a completed witch's wool cloak.
Hooty says: "I spy with my little eye something coming this way!"
Eda says: "Luz!"
King says: "Wait!"
King says: "Now stop gawking and load me in!"
Eda stands and helps him in.
King says: "Ow!"
King says: "Ow!"
King says: "Gentle!"
The shadow of Willow and Gus on Lilith's staff passes the window. They knock on the front door, which Eda opens. Her face falls when she sees it's not Luz.
Willow says: "Eda, we have some bad news..."
Behind them, Lilith's staff is floating and glowing blue. Eda glares at it.
Cut to the bridge to the Emperor's Castle.
Lilith says: "Come on, Edalyn."
Lilith says: "You would be late when I need you most."
Lilith looks to the top of the castle, where Emperor Belos is watching. Yellow light flashes, and Eda appears. Lilith smirks. Eda throws Lilith's staff, which leaves a crater in the castle wall.
Lilith says: "Sister!"
Lilith says: "I see that you got my invitation to a Witch's Duel!"
Bolts of electricity fly at Lilith, though none hit her. Eda flies at her, taunting. Lilith blocks one hit with a summoned shield. She summons her staff and fires a bolt at Eda.
Eda says: "Where is she?"
Lilith says: "Easy now."
Eda stops.
Lilith says: "The human is safe."
Lilith taps her staff to the ground. A blue bubble flies out of the castle, Luz inside of it.
Luz says: "Eda!"
Lilith says: "You can have her back, provided you do as I say."
Lilith says: "Renounce your wild ways and join the Emperor's Coven."
Lilith says: "He can help heal your curse!"
Eda says: "Don't believe everything that bonehead tells you."
Eda says: "He doesn't want to heal me, he wants to control me!"
Lilith says: "Then I will take you in by force."
Eda says: "You've always looked down on me because I'm wild, but fortunately, that just made me work harder than you."
Eda slams her staff on the ground, summoning a towering owl made of light behind her. She rushes at Lilith, launching her in the air. Inside the castle, guards turn to watch. In the air, Eda appears behind Lilith. Lilith disappears as Eda swings her staff. Lilith reappears behind Eda right as Eda disappears. Eda appears behind Lilith and kicks her, then zaps away to chase her. From the bubble, Luz watches Eda and Lilith zip across the sky, nothing but gold and blue lights weaving and crashing. Lilith shoots a beam of light at Luz's bubble, sending it flying. Eda lands on the bridge.
Eda says: "Luz!"
Eda redirects the boards of the bridge to keep Luz from falling off. Lilith drops down, and Eda rolls out of the way to prevent being crushed. Eda summons a Hooty Hydra to wrap Lilith up. Eda spins her staff and sends a giant blast at Lilith. Lilith puts Luz between her and the bolt, which Eda redirects, missing them both.
Lilith says: "It's sad to see you slowing down sister."
Lilith says: "Tell me, is it the curse?"
Eda growls, the sound half Owl Beast. The darkness in her gem grows.
Luz says: "Eda!"
Luz says: "Your gem!"
Eda says: "Maybe it is the curse."
Eda says: "But then how pathetic are you, that you can't best me at my worst?!"
Eda says: "!"
Eda spins her staff and summons a dozen rings of magic, all of which send bolts at Lilith. Eda's Hooty Hydra drags Luz to safety as Lilith summons a shield to protect herself. Luz looks around and notices a pointed rock.
Lilith says: "Maybe you are stronger than me, but that made me work smarter!"
Lilith says: "I became smart, crafty!"
Eda says: "A lapdog for a tyrant!"
Luz hits her bubble against the rock until the bubble shatters.
Lilith says: "You always thought you were better than me, that I could never beat you in anything."
Eda says: "I am better than you!"
Lilith says: "Then why were you so easy to curse?!"
Lilith says: "!"
Lilith covers her mouth. Eda looks betrayed.
A flashback to Eda's bedroom door opening. Light from the hallway lights up her sleeping figure. The mysterious figure steps forward, shadows disappearing. It was Lilith all along.
Back to the present.
Lilith says: "A-And I have the power to remove it, if you would just let me explain."
Eda looks away. She shakes in anger. With a yell of fury, she rushes forward and destroys Lilith's shield, flinging Lilith in the wall hard enough to leave a crater.
Luz says: "Eda, stop!"
Luz says: "Your magic!"
The black in Eda's gem is writhing furiously. Eda doesn't seem to care. Lilith smirks. Luz is surrounded by glowing blue and starts floating.
Lilith says: "Human."
Lilith says: "That orb was for your protection."
Lilith moves Luz over the edge of the bridge. The magic drops. So does Luz.
Eda says: "Luz!"
Eda draws a shaky spell circle with her staff. Luz stops plummeting a foot above a score of giant spikes. Eda strains to keep Luz up.
Luz says: "Eda, stop!"
Luz says: "You'll run out of magic!"
Eda says: "It's my power, kid."
Eda says: "And before you showed up, I spent my whole life wasting it."
Lilith grins evilly. She summons a giant hand to push Luz closer to the spikes.
Luz says: "Eda, no, no, no!"
Eda's gem is almost entirely black. The whites of her eyes begin to be taken over.
Eda says: "Alright, kid."
Eda says: "Listen to me."
Eda says: "I'm going away, and I don't know if I can bounce back this time."
Eda says: "Watch over King."
Eda says: "Remember to feed Hooty."
Luz says: "Please, no!"
Eda says: "And Luz, thank you for being in my life."
With a scream, Eda unleashes a powerful burst of magic. Owlbert flies off the staff. Lilith is pushed back, her spell broken. Eda's magic illuminates the Isles. Luz, several feet higher than before, falls. She stops inches away from a spike, and Owlbert picks her up by the hood and flies her back to the bridge, where Eda is laying.
Luz says: "Eda."
Eda rolls over and screams, her voice overlapping with the Owl Beast's. She slams a hand to the bridge, and the Owl Beast stands. It advances on Luz, who backs away. The Owl Beast tries to pounce, and Luz cowers, but the impact never comes, Lilith binding the Owl Beast and dragging it halfway across the bridge with her staff.
Lilith says: "Come along, sister."
Lilith says: "Now we can let the healing begin."
Lilith looks up to Belos. He turns away.
Luz says: "You monster!"
Luz jumps on Lilith's back and tries to drag her down. Lilith grabs her by the cowl and throws her.
Lilith says: "Leave, human!"
Lilith says: "Edalyn is finally with her family."
Lilith says: "Her real family."
Lilith taps her staff on the bridge. Gears turn, pulling the bridge toward the castle.
Lilith says: "Go back to your world."
Lilith says: "This one is ours."
Luz stands and tries to chase after them, but can't. The doors to the castle close.
Cut to Luz slowly walking back to the Owl House. The sun is rising; she's been walking all night.
Hooty says: "Oh Luz, there you are!"
Luz says: "Hi, Hooty."
Luz opens the door to the dark living room. She looks at the side, her eyes widening.
There are balloons and streamers hung up. Party hats are on the couches, and confetti is on the floor. Her new cape is wrapped in a bow on the table, next to King's cake, the candles of which have long burned out. King bursts out of the cake.
King says: "Hey, um, where's Eda?"
Luz's eyes fill with tears as she falls to the floor. Hooty looks at her in concern. Both him and King approach Luz to comfort her.
To Be Continued...