Open on Eda's Human Collectibles stand. She is dusting the table, looking bored, while Luz is reading the first Azura book to King. Cut to the pages of the book, showing Azura facing off against Hecate.
Luz says: "Emboldened by the dishonor Hecate had shown, Azura lifted her staff to the cotton-candy skies and shouted, "I challenge you to a Witch's Duel!"
Luz says: "" And look!"
Luz says: "I drew a flip book."
Luz says: "Pew, pew, pew!"
King says: "Show me the picture."
Luz says: "What?"
King says: "Show me the picture!"
King says: "Hah!"
King says: "I can draw better than that."
King says: "You know, they once called me the King of Artists."
Luz says: "Wait."
Luz says: "I thought you were the King of Demons."
Luz says: "Are you just making this up now?"
King says: "Doesn't matter."
King says: "What's important is that my followers would leave me offerings in fear of me!"
Luz says: "Well, I can offer you more of this tantalizing book."
Eda says: "Ugh!"
Eda says: "Please stop reading that."
Eda says: "Its flowery language is an insult to witches and driving away all of our serious customers!"
Luz says: "Um, Eda?"
Luz says: "What customers?"
Luz says: "There aren't even any other stands around."
Luz says: "What's going on?"
Eda says: "This is a bad omen."
Eda says: "There must be something horrible happening today."
Gus says: "Luz!"
Gus says: "Something amazing is happening today!"
Luz says: "Gus, Willow!"
Luz says: "Hey!"
Willow says: "It's the annual covention!"
Willow says: "Student witches get to see all the types of covens before they're placed in one."
Willow says: "There's even a mystery guest this year!"
Luz says: "A job fair for witches!"
Luz says: "Eda, can we go?"
Eda says: "Absolutely not."
Eda says: "I never joined a coven for a reason."
Eda says: "Sure it's like a fun club for witches, but you're also giving up your magical independence to be part of a crooked system."
Willow says: "Mmm."
Eda says: "Eh, but, you know, no judgment."
Eda says: "In any case, I haven't been to one since we were girls."
Luz says: ""We"?"
Luz says: "Who's "we"?"
Luz says: "You have a mysterious past!"
Luz says: "Now we gotta go!"
Eda says: "No."
Luz says: "Okay."
Luz says: "Then you leave me no choice."
Eda says: "So flowery, so awful."
Eda walks away, opening the Portal Door and stepping through it.
King says: ""Hecate could only screech, screech as did she, for the screeching did worseneth."
Luz tosses King through the Portal as it closes. It opens a second later, Eda coming back through with King sitting on her head.
Eda says: "Stop it!"
Eda says: "Stop it!"
Eda says: "I will literally do anything to stop this!"
Cut to a long building, a sign in front of it reading "COVENTION TODAY alchemists anonymous tomorrow". Cut to the front of the building, where Luz is bouncing on her feet and Willow is clapping.
THEME.
Eda says: "Gotta keep a low profile."
Luz says: "Is this cowl really necessary?"
Eda says: "Do you think all my wanted posters are for petty theft?"
Eda says: "But the big whammy is I disobeyed the law and refused to join a coven."
Eda says: "If I'm seen, I could go to jail."
Eda says: "Again."
Willow says: "Maybe this informative event will inspire you to join a coven."
Eda traces a spell that pulls Willow's cowl over her face.
Eda says: "Let's just get this over with."
They enter the building.
Luz says: "Whoa."
Luz says: "Was I even alive before now?"
Several booths are set up inside, each with a sign for one coven or another. From the ceiling hangs nine large colorful banners. Two student witches fly by on broomsticks.
Gus says: "Those are the main nine covens, but there are hundreds of other ones you can join."
Willow says: "Also the Grumpy Coven."
Eda says: "What was that?"
Willow yips as the kids and King all run.
Man #1 says: "Uh, excuse me, ma'am, but you look rather familiar."
Eda says: "Uh..."
Eda says: "No, I don't."
Eda says: "Distraction spell!"
She reaches into her cowl and throws a bag on the ground. It's Hex Mix. It does nothing. Eda runs away anyway, but returns when the man bends down to grab it. She drags his hood over his face, scoops up the Hex Mix, and runs away again. Cut back to the kids as Eda rejoins them.
Luz says: "Ooh, what's that?"
Willow says: "That's the Construction Coven."
Cut to a bearded witch in a hard hat and Tiny Nose standing next to a pallet of wood and a pallet of bricks. The witch grabs both pallets from the bottom and tosses them in the air. The materials fall down to perfectly construct a small house.
Willow says: "One of the main nine."
Willow says: "They use power glyphs to increase their strength."
The witch removes his hard hat to pull of a power glyph from a stack atop his head. He peels the adhesive off the back of one and puts it on Tiny Nose's nose. Her pupils constrict.
Man #2 says: "Hey, that's the opposite of construction!"
Two witches run in to stop Tiny Nose as she grabs a giant hammer. Cut back to Luz.
Luz says: "Yowza-wowza!"
A light blue double of Luz ducks out from behind her.
Illusion Luz says: "Yowza-wowza!"
Luz says: "Yowza-wha-a-a?"
Her illusion double walks over to two Illusion track witches. It waves at her and disappears.
Gus says: "..."
Gus says: "of showmanship."
He bows as the other two appear next to him.
Luz says: "Wow!"
Luz says: "Acceptance?"
Luz says: "Comradery?"
Luz says: "A sense of belonging?"
Luz says: "Covens sound incredible!"
Luz says: "Eda, why haven't you ever joined one?"
Eda says: "Watch closely, Luz."
Another Illusion track witch is now standing with one of the other ones.
Eda says: "When you join a coven, all your other magic is sealed away."
A seal in the shape of a mirror appears on the witch's wrist, light blue lines running from it up his arms and face. He pales slightly as the lines fade.
Eda says: "From now on, that kid will only be able to make illusions."
Eda says: "Since I never joined a coven, I can do every kind of magic."
Eda says: "That's why I'm the most powerful witch on the Boiling Isles."
She walks away. Willow, Luz, and Gus hurry after her, amazed. King starts to follow, but is stopped with a hand on his shoulder.
King says: "Weh?"
King says: "Destiny?"
King says: "Feh!"
Student #1 says: "It's free-e-e."
King says: "Are you bestowing gifts upon me?"
King says: "Yes!"
King says: "I accept your offering!"
King says: "The King of Demons is back!"
Cut to the doorway flanked with guards.
Luz says: "That panel looks popular."
Gus says: "It's the Emperor's Coven!"
Gus says: "Do you think they'll sign my forehead?"
Willow says: "Only one way to find out!"
Willow and Gus run inside. Luz starts to follow them, but stops when she realizes Eda hasn't moved.
Luz says: "Aren't you coming, Eda?"
Eda says: "No way."
Eda says: "Of all the covens, they're the worst."
Eda says: "I'll wait out here."
Luz says: "I get it, Eda."
Luz says: "Covens: bad."
Luz says: "Individualism: good."
Luz says: "But I'm still figuring this world out, so I'm going to go in there and make up my own mind, okay?"
Man #1 says: "I just saw her."
Eda says: "Huh?"
Eda says: "Uh-oh."
Eda says: "Luz, wait up!"
Cut to a large stadium with a chattering audience. Eda sits down next to Luz.
Eda says: "All right, let's see this mess."
The lights dim. Principal Bump rises from the floor with spirals of green magic, a spotlight illuminating him. The audience applaudes and cheers as he summons a mic.
Principal Bump says: "Hello, Bonesborough!"
Principal Bump says: "Students ask me all the time, "Principal Bump, what's the height of magical achievement?"
Mattholomule says: "Is it this?"
Principal Bump says: "Wow."
Principal Bump says: "I failed you as a principal."
Principal Bump says: "and the enforcers of His will, the Emperor's Coven."
Luz says: "Whoa."
Willow says: "Luz!"
Gus says: "Luz!"
Principal Bump says: "Feast your eyes on this elite force, each member handpicked to help usher in a new age of controlled magic."
Each Coven guard traces a white spell circle above their head. One produces a jet of flame, another water, and the third lightning. The three elements come together in a firework that turns to confetti, which Luz grabs.
The demon moves away. The Coven guards are now holding the same elements in balls between their hands.
Principal Bump says: "Members of the Emperor's Coven have access to all-- yes, all forms of magic."
Principal Bump says: "Ooh."
Principal Bump says: "Aah."
Audience says: "Ooh."
Audience says: "Aah."
Principal Bump says: "But..."
Principal Bump says: "only the best can ascend these ranks."
Principal Bump says: "Some day that could be one of you!"
He points directly at Amity, who brightens and squeals.
Luz says: "Hmm?"
The three guards grab their capes and disappear in flashes of white light.
Principal Bump says: "And now, I'm pleased to introduce the esteemed leader of this coven and this year's mystery guest."
Principal Bump says: "You know her, you love her!"
Principal Bump says: "Lilith!"
Audience gasps.
Eda says: "Huh?"
A bright flash of light near the ceiling turns into a blue raven sitting on a branch. It flies off the branch to the stage, landing to reveal Lilith. It disappears with a screech as she lifts her arms and sends her mask flying. The audience applauds and cheers, while Eda is looking at her speechless. Luz notices.
Luz says: "You know her?"
Eda says: "You could say that."
Luz says: "Mysterious past!"
Lilith says: "Thank you, all."
Lilith says: "It wasn't easy for me to rise to the top."
Lilith says: "I also started from humble beginnings."
Mattholomule says: "Like me?"
Lilith says: "Now I have the highest honor of enforcing the Emperor's will."
Lilith says: "So be more!"
Lilith says: "The Emperor's Coven awaits you!"
She spins, creating the raven illusion again. It spreads its wings before bursting into balls of light. Lilith poses with her arms out, smirking, while Eda glares at her.
Cut to outside of the auditorium as Eda and Luz leave.
Luz says: "Eda!"
Luz says: "Where are you going?"
Eda says: "I'm gonna head home and wash the con funk off my skin."
Luz says: "But we haven't even taken the quiz to determine our coven type!"
She pulls out a thick magazine out of her pocket, flipped to a quiz named "What Coven Are You In?", and holds it above her head. Eda doesn't even look as she casts a lazer beam through it and walks away. Luz pulls the magazine down to read it, walking without looking.
Luz says: "Ooh, a punky potionist."
She runs into Amity, and they both grunt.
Amity says: "Watch where you-- Oh, it's you."
Amity says: "Willow's..."
Amity says: "abomination thing."
Luz says: "Uh..."
Luz says: "Hey, Amity."
Luz says: "So, funny story."
Luz says: "Not an abomination."
Luz says: "Sorry for the confusion last week."
Luz says: "I-I'm Luz."
Luz says: "The human."
Luz says: "Hi!"
She offers her hand, but Amity smacks it away.
Amity says: "Ugh."
Amity says: "Put that away."
Amity says: "You're the one that got me in trouble with Principal Bump and I never get in trouble."
Amity says: "You can't be here!"
Amity says: "This covention is for witches only."
Luz says: "Well, I'm learning how to be a witch."
Luz says: "I'm receiving magic lessons from a powerful witch and a ferocious demon."
Amity says: "Is that your ferocious demon there?"
Luz turns around to see King, decked out in merch, walking towards them. Two bakers are walking behind him.
King says: "Cupcakes in my tummy-tum makes the King say yummy-yum!"
Baker says: "So you'll join the Bakers Coven?"
King says: "Wah!"
Luz goes to help him up. They both reach out for his dropped cupcake, failing to reach it before Amity steps on it. King gasps.
Amity says: "Oops."
Amity says: "That was an accident."
Luz says: "Why are you being so mean, Amity?"
Amity says: "Because you and your pet are giving witches in training a bad name."
King says: "I'm not a pet!"
Amity says: "'Cause you can't."
Luz says: "..."
Luz says: "but it's another thing to bully my friends."
Luz says: "Just like The Good Witch Azura said when facing down her rival Hecate at the Bog of Immediate Regret..."
Luz says: "I challenge you to a Witch's Duel!"
Everyone gasps. Amity takes several steps forward into Luz's face.
Amity says: "I accept."
Amity says: "Let's set the terms for this duel, shall we?"
Luz says: "One, if I win, you apologize to King for squashing his cupcake."
King says: "Good night, sweet child."
Luz says: "And two, you admit that humans can be witches too."
Amity says: "Fine by me."
Amity says: "But when I win, not only do you have to tell the whole covention you're not a witch, you have to stop training forever."
King says: "Do it, Luz!"
King says: "For my honor!"
Luz says: "Fine."
Luz says: "Let's shake on it."
Luz holds out her hand. Amity draws a spell circle around it before shaking.
Amity says: "The everlasting oath is sealed."
Amity pulls her hand back and the spell circle fades.
Luz says: "That's probably fine."
Amity says: "Meet back inside the theater in one hour."
Amity says: "Let's see what kind of witch you are."
Luz says: "King, I-I can win this, right?"
King says: "Mmm?"
King says: "Oh, yeah."
King says: "No."
Cut to Eda trying to sneak out of the covention.
Lilith says: "Sister?"
Eda stops and turns, seeing Lilith surrounded by several Hexside students.
Lilith says: "It's been so long since I've seen you last!"
Lilith says: "What are you wearing?"
Lilith says: "You look like some sort of trash collector."
Lilith says: "Oh, right."
Lilith says: "You are."
Eda says: "Oh, Lily."
Eda says: "I just had to see the leader of the Emperor's Coven in action."
Eda says: "You know, when we were kids, Lilith was so excited to see the Emperor's Coven, she peed a little."
The kids laugh, making Lilith blush.
Lilith says: "That-- That's all for today."
Lilith says: "I don't believe it!"
Lilith says: "You are here to join the Emperor's Coven!"
Lilith says: "You think being covenless makes you so much smarter than everyone else."
Lilith says: "But while you run from the law like a degenerate, I'm mentoring the next generation of powerful witch students into the world."
Eda says: "Well, I have a student."
Eda says: "And I bet she could wipe the floor with any of your prissy little blue bloods."
Lilith says: "Is that a challenge?"
Eda says: "Oh, it's a promise."
Lilith says: "Mmm, it seems your student has met my strongest protégé."
Lilith says: "Where did you even find one of these?"
Lilith says: "Okay, Edalyn."
Lilith traces a spell circle. Around the building, Eda's wanted posters burn.
Lilith says: "For one day, you won't have to hide from the law, because I want to see how good a teacher you really are."
Eda says: "Come on, kid."
Eda says: "Time to prepare for bloodshed."
Luz says: "But..."
Luz says: "whose blood?"
Eda says: "Anyone's guess!"
Luz smiles nervously. Cut to a hallway, where Eda puts a sweatband on.
Eda says: "All right, Luz."
Eda says: "Let's start your training."
Eda says: "Now, I'm coming at you with a blast of fire."
Eda says: "What do you do?"
Luz pulls her hood up and leans off of the box she was sitting on, landing on the floor in fetal position.
Eda says: "Oh, that's right."
Eda says: "I haven't taught you many spells, huh?"
Luz shakes her head.
Eda says: "Boy, I hope you didn't make an everlasting oath to stop learning magic or anything."
Eda says: "You'd be toast."
Amity says: "Abomination."
Amity says: "Rise."
Lilith and Amity are standing nearby. An abomination that comes up to Amity's shoulders rises from her spell circle on the ground with a groan. It twists its head off and throws it, hitting a bakers coven witch in the face. Tiny Nose grabs his hand and chucks him.
Eda says: "Ooh, boy."
Luz says: "I can't believe I'm gonna have to stop learning magic!"
Eda says: "Listen to me, Luz."
Eda says: "We are not gonna let those snobs win that easy!"
Eda says: "We are not gonna let them win at all."
Eda says: "I've got an idea."
Her sweatband rips as her hair wins its fight against it. Cut back to the theater. Lilith and Amity are standing on the dais, while Eda and Luz are standing opposite them.
Lilith says: "Beloved citizens, the Emperor's Coven proudly presents an impromptu demonstration of the sort of witch we seek every year."
Lilith says: "Introducing Amity Blight."
Fan says: "Woo, Amity!"
Lilith says: "Versus..."
Eda steps out of the way and proudly presents a very nervous Luz.
Lilith says: "..."
Lilith says: "some human girl."
Applause stops.
Student #3 says: "A human?"
Student #4 says: "Humans can't do magic!"
Student #5 says: "She's not Amity."
Willow and Gus share a nervous look.
Luz says: "Eda?"
Luz says: "What am I going to do?"
Eda says: "Calm down."
Eda says: "You see those mounds?"
Eda says: "Get Amity to land on one of those and she'll set off my magic traps."
Luz says: "That's cheating!"
Eda says: "Nobody will know."
Eda says: "To all eyes up there it'll look like you're performing magic."
Eda says: "Just trust me."
Luz says: "But I will know in my heart!"
Luz says: "Even if I win now, I lose."
Eda says: "That's the spirit!"
A bell rings and screams. Luz, still nervous, and Amity, confident, approach each other as the audience cheers. Amity cracks her knuckles. Luz waves.
Amity says: "Abomination."
Amity says: "Rise."
An abomination that towers over the two girls groans as it rises out of the spell circle.
Amity says: "Whoa."
Amity says: "Show me what you got, human!"
Luz says: "I'm not good under pressure!"
The abomination groans. It twists its head off and throws it at Luz.
Luz says: "Whoa!"
Its head just misses. Luz is backed against the wall by the advancing abomination, its head regrown. She sinks to the ground in fear, whimpering, and grows nervous when she realizes she's right in front of one of Eda's mounds. She braces as the abomination steps on it. The abomination looks down as a towering jet of fire erupts from the mound.
Amity says: "How did you do that?"
Luz says: "I, uh--  Magic?"
King scats as he enters the theater, piled high with hats, shirts, buttons, and scarfs.
King says: "♪ Things that are free ♪ ♪ People are giving offerings to me!"
King says: "♪ I love offerings!"
King says: "What did I miss?"
Willow says: "Luz is in a witch's duel!"
Gus says: "Yeah!"
Gus says: "And she can win it all!"
Gus says: "Yeah-yeah!"
King says: "Weh?"
The steaming abomination steps onto another mound, this one producing a current of air strong enough to launch it and Amity into the air.
The abomination grunts as it lands on its back. Amity lands kneeling.
Amity says: "I-I saw you that time!"
Amity says: "You didn't use your hands!"
Amity says: "What are you getting at?"
Luz says: "Not dying!"
The abomination sits up with a groan, then stomps toward Luz again.
Cut to the stands, where King is carefully making his way down the rows.
King says: "This I gotta see!"
Student #5 says: "Go Amity!"
King says: "Hey!"
King says: "You root for Luz or nobody!"
He tries to run at the student, but gets caught on his scarf again and falls. Cut back to Luz running from the abomination, which sets off an explosion as it steps on a mound. Cut back to King falling down, his "offerings" falling off as he goes. Cut back to Amity advancing on Luz.
Amity says: "How are you doing that?"
Luz says: "No, Amity, don't step any closer!"
Amity says: "Why, Luz?"
Amity says: "What happens if I step closer?"
King screams as he falls flat on his back, directly on the mound. Spikes burst from the ground, forcing Luz and Amity back several steps.
King says: "Mmm?"
King says: "I'm okay!"
Luz says: "Spikes?"
Eda gives her two thumbs up.
Amity says: "I knew it!"
Amity says: "You were cheating!"
Luz says: "Amity-- No!"
Lilith touches the top of a shorter spike, making it crumble.
Lilith says: "Oh, Eda."
Lilith says: "I do believe this means you lose!"
Luz says: "It wasn't my idea to cheat."
Amity says: "Who could believe anything you say?"
Amity starts to walk away. Camera focuses on a power glyph on the back of her neck, which Eda notices.
Eda says: "Wait just a sec, Miss Protégé."
Lilith's eyes widen as Eda goes after her. She lifts Amity's hair.
Amity says: "Hey!"
Eda rips the glyph off. The abomination shrinks until it's about the height of Amity's knee, though it crumbles completely when its head crushes it. Eda holds the glyph up to the audience.
Eda says: "A power glyph from the Construction Coven."
Student #1 says: "I mean..."
Student #1 says: "I knew it."
Willow says: "She cheated!"
Eda says: "Ah-ha!"
Eda says: "Yes, yes, yes-yes-yes!"
Eda says: "You cheated."
Eda says: "Perfect, prissy Lilith cheated."
Eda says: "Hot dang, I love coventions!"
Lilith says: "I only did that because I knew you would cheat!"
Eda says: "Still cheated!"
Eda says: "Welcome down to my level!"
Amity says: "But..."
Amity says: "I didn't know!"
She sees Luz approaching and runs off.
Luz says: "Amity, wait!"
King says: "Luz!"
King says: "Help me!"
Luz grunts as she frees King, ripping the shirts in the process.
King says: "My offerings!"
Luz says: "You'll get more offerings, King."
King says: "Hey, wait for me!"
Eda is dancing. Kind of.
Lilith says: "Knock it off."
Lilith says: "You're making a scene!"
Eda says: "You cheated."
Eda says: "Hey, where's the Rhyming Coven?"
Eda says: "What rhymes with "cheated"?"
Lilith says: "Stop acting like a child!"
Eda says: "You were defeated, don't get heated, get your stank face treated."
Lilith says: "Rhyme one more thing."
Lilith says: "I dare you!"
Eda says: "Oh, it's okay, I'm done."
Eda says: "Because my rhymes are depleted!"
Lilith says: "That's it!"
Lilith summons her staff and hits Eda with a blast of energy, throwing her through her spikes and into the wall behind the dais. The audience gasps.
The cloud of Lilith's blue magic clears out. Eda, splayed against the wall, smirks.
Eda says: "There she is!"
She summons her own staff and spins it in a circle. It clatters on the ground. She picks it back up with a roar and sends a burst of energy at Lilith. Lilith grunts and sends one back.
Student #5 says: "Witch's duel!"
Lilith's blue magic and Eda's orange magic are evenly matched. They explode in a white light. Cut to the entrance to the theater, which Luz runs out of and looks around. She sees Amity sulking in a dark corner next to the bathrooms.
Luz says: "I'm sorry."
Amity says: "Ugh, seriously?"
Amity says: "Just leave me alone."
Luz says: "I didn't mean to embarrass you."
Amity says: "That's all you ever do!"
Amity says: "First at school, and now this!"
Amity says: "You lost!"
Amity says: "You cheated!"
Amity says: "Say it!"
Amity says: "Say you're not a witch!"
Luz says: "I'm not a witch."
She kneels down, pulling out a notepad and pencil. Amity looks confused as she kneels down with her. Luz slowly draws out the light glyph, then taps it. She gently cups the ball of light produced, smiling at it. She holds it up to Amity.
Luz says: "But I'm training hard to be one."
Amity stares at the light in awe. Cut back to Eda and Lilith's duel, where Lilith is spinning her staff. When Eda's attack stops, she pushes her hand forward, her spell circle turning into a burst of magic. Eda takes a few steps back, spinning and drawing a spell circle on the ground. She lifts her hand, creating a growing pillar of wood that splits Lilith's attack. The pillar bends, its owl face hooting lowly. Lilith stares at it, then teleports away from its approaching beak.
Stray magic enters the audience. They scream and flee.
Two new owl faces extend from the large pillar. Eda draws four more spell circles on the opposite side. Lilith easily teleports away from all of their beaks, destroying one on the ground, then three in the air with a grunt. Eda smirks and spins her staff, creating an orange shield as Lilith hits it with magic and her staff. The shield cracks, but Eda's expression doesn't change. Owlbert's eyes glow. He flies into Lilith's face, interrupting her attack. He hoots and pulls her hair.
Lilith says: "Ow, ow, ow-ow-ow."
Lilith says: "Ow-ow-ow-ow-ow!"
Eda's shield falls.
Eda says: "Say good night, sister."
She spins her staff and smacks the butt of it into the wooden pillar. A large owl's face forms right next to Lilith, and with a hoot, it captures her in its beak. All falls silent.
Owlbert lands back on Eda's staff. She smiles at him, then looks concerned when she sees the flaming hole in the new owl tube's side. Lilith appears directly behind her.
Lilith says: "Enough of this."
Eda is thrown into the wall with a scream, leaving a crater. Lilith smirks and spins her staff.
Eda says: "Lily, wait."
Eda says: "The curse."
Lilith stops spinning her staff, the gathering magic at her palisman disappearing.
Eda says: "Look at me."
Eda says: "Look at my face."
Eda says: "The curse is worsening and I can't keep up with it."
Eda says: "I don't know how much time I have left."
Lilith says: "I'll admit I was surprised when I first saw you today."
Eda says: "I just had to see my sister for..."
Eda says: "possibly the last time."
She screams as a bag of Hex Mix is thrown in her face. She stares at it as it hits the ground.
Eda says: "It's been fun, but let's call it a draw!"
Lilith says: "Argh!"
Cut back to Luz and Amity.
Amity says: "That's nothing."
Amity says: "A child could do a light spell."
Luz's expression falls. She extinguishes the ball of light and turns away, scooping up her notepad.
Amity says: "But..."
Amity says: "I've never seen it cast like that."
Luz says: "It doesn't come naturally to me like it does for you, so I've had to improvise."
She traces out a spell circle and drags Luz's hand into it. Their hands glow briefly, and the circle disappears.
Amity says: "The oath is unbound."
Luz says: "Did it work?"
Luz says: "Can I still learn magic?"
Amity says: "Humans have no magical ability."
Amity says: "But I doubt that'll stop you."
Amity leaves. Luz stands, watching her.
King says: "Luz!"
King says: "You left me!"
Luz says: "Yeah, sorry."
Luz says: "Your legs are just so tiny."
Luz says: "Should we get you more offerings?"
King says: "Nah."
King says: "That stuff just weighed me down."
King says: "But I have something for you, Luz."
King says: "And it's the best thing, because it's free, comes from my heart, and I always have more than I need."
Luz says: "Is it love?"
King says: "Ugh!"
King says: "No!"
King says: "And they have so many uses!"
King says: "Away, fair chariot!"
King says: "Away!"
Luz pats his head as Eda arrives.
Eda says: "We gotta go."
Luz says: "How'd you get away from Lilith?"
Eda says: "Let's just say she had a real "snack attack."
Eda says: "" Hah!"
Eda says: "Wait, I got a better one."
Luz says: "Eda..."
Eda stops and looks back at her.
Luz says: "Do you think I'll ever be a true witch?"
Eda says: "What?"
Eda says: "I don't know."
Eda says: "And who's a true witch?"
Eda says: "These suckers?"
Eda says: "According to them, that means being in a coven, but I never joined one and I'm better than all of them combined."
Eda says: "You gotta be your own witch."
Luz says: "My own witch."
Eda says: "Now, let's go before my sister realizes I tied her pointy shoes together."
Lilith screams.
Eda says: "And that's our cue!"
Luz says: "Sister?"
Luz says: "Now that's a mysterious past payoff!"
Eda says: "Oh, you think that's all the mystery I got?"
Eda says: "Wait until you hear about my parents."
Luz says: "What?"
Luz says: "You've got parents?"
Luz says: "I need to know more!"
King says: "You very much don't!"
Cut to a dressing room. Lilith enters, tripping over her tied laces.
Lilith says: "You make it so hard to want to help you, Edalyn."
The compact mirror on the counter opens, showing off the insignia of the Emperor's Coven. Lilith gasps.
Kikimora says: "Lilith, I see you let The Owl Lady get the best of your temper."
Kikimora says: "Just remember what Emperor Belos has promised to you."
Lilith says: "I will capture her, ma'am."
Lilith says: "You have my word."
Kikimora says: "Very good."
Kikimora fades from the mirror, allowing Lilith's reflection to appear.
Lilith says: "Your days are numbered, Edalyn."