Open on the Owl House living room. King is watching videos on Luz's phone while she uses a magnifying glass to look at a flower.
Luz says: "Come on!"
Luz says: "Work this time."
Luz says: "YES!"
Luz says: "Check it out, King: my glyph skills are blossoming!"
King says: "You think that's impressive?"
King says: "Check this out!"
King says: "Two warriors battling to the death!"
On the phone, two cats meow. One prepares to pounce on the other but falls on its back. Luz looks at the open portal door.
Luz says: "Ah."
Luz says: "I see we're getting enough Wi-Fi through the portal for cat videos."
King says: "Senseless violence."
King says: "Yes, attack!"
King says: "DEATH IS YOUR GOD!"
Luz says: "I regret teaching you about the Internet."
King says: "Hah!"
King says: "What possible regrets could come from the internet?"
King says: "Oh!"
King says: "Did you know that the Earth is actually flat?"
Luz says: "Yep, that's not right."
She takes her phone back as it vibrates. She got a text from her mom reading, "How's camp today, cariño? <3, Mamá.”.
She starts typing "I", then deletes it. "I'm" and "It" are also typed and quickly deleted. She ends up sending a thumbs-up emoji.
Luz says: "Good enough."
King says: "Ah, a severed hand!"
King says: "Perfect response."
Luz flops down on the couch and puts a pillow on her face.
Luz says: ""Hey mom, not at camp actually!"
Luz says: "I'm in the demon realm learning to be a witch!"
Luz says: "Also, did you know that demons and magic are real?"
Luz says: "" She."
Luz says: "Will."
Luz says: "End me."
King says: "Nah, she'd be freaked out by our world anyway."
King says: "So actually, by keeping the truth from her, you're doing her a favor!"
Luz says: "Hm."
Luz says: "The demon on my shoulder makes a good point."
King says: "Always trust a shoulder demon!"
He takes the phone. Hooty opens the door.
Hooty says: "Hoot hoot, Luz!"
Hooty says: "Time to fill that darling little head of yours with..."
Hooty says: "Mm-hmm."
Hooty says: "Delicious knowledge!"
Willow and Gus look in from the doorway.
Gus says: "Please hurry!"
Willow says: "The more I look at him, the more uncomfortable I get."
Hooty says: "HOOT HOOT!"
Luz says: "Hehe."
Luz says: "Don't spend all day watching MewTube, 'kay?"
King says: "I FORGE MY OWN PATH!"
On the phone screen, a fluffy black cat chases its tail. He snickers.
King says: "What a dum-dum."
He's distracted by his own tail wagging. He tries to catch it but flops on the couch after a second.
King says: "Ugh."
King says: "Who has the energy?"
THEME.
Cut to Hexside. The spider kindergarten teacher decorates the halls with streamers.
Spider Teacher says: "Coming through!"
Spider Teacher says: "Watch your heads!"
The halls are decked out with balloons made of abomination goop and other decorations. Luz, Gus, and Willow enter.
Luz says: "Something's different today."
Luz says: "Did everyone get a haircut?"
Willow says: "Oh yeah!"
Willow says: "I forgot you've never been here for the social event of the season."
Suddenly, two masked health workers enter, rolling a stretcher, making siren noises.
Worker says: "Outta the way!"
The workers surround a beast-keeping student with dark skin, blonde hair that covers his eyes, and big, pointy ears similar to a bat. Skara looks on.
Worker says: "Come with us immediately!"
Worker says: "Your disease- it's advancing!"
They help him onto the stretcher.
Student says: "Is there a cure, doc?"
Worker says: "Only one..."
Worker says: "finding the perfect date to Grom!"
Student says: "If that's the cure..."
Student says: "then, Skara, will you go to Grom with me?"
He holds out a beating heart, with "GROM?" written on it in red ink.
Skara says: "Ahhhhh!"
Skara says: "Of course I will, or whatever!"
She hugs him, and onlooking students and teachers cheer.
Luz says: "You guys have a version of prom on the Boiling Isles?"
Luz says: "I was kicked out of my last school dance for dressing like an otter, but here, I can be your Grom queen!"
Willow says: "That's, uh, not something people usually sign up for."
Amity enters from behind, looking down at the stack of books and a note she is carrying, and unknowingly bumps into Luz.
Amity says: "Watch it, nitwit!"
Amity says: "Oh."
Amity says: "Hi, Luz..."
Amity says: "and co."
Amity says: "Sorry about that."
Luz says: "No problem, let me help you!"
She helps Amity pick up her books and hands her a little pink note that she dropped.
Luz says: "Here, your note."
Amity snatches it away.
Luz says: "Man, you got some quick grabbers."
Amity says: "It's just, it's..."
Amity says: "private."
The speaker screeches on. Everyone looks at it.
Student #2 says: "I'm so nervous."
Student #3 says: "Shh!"
Student #3 says: "This is it!"
Principal Bump says: "Attention Hexside students."
Principal Bump says: "This is your principal speaking."
Gus says: "Oh, man, this is it!"
Willow says: "He's announcing who'll be this year's Grom royalty."
Amity looks on, concerned.
Principal Bump says: "This year, I have the privilege to bestow our highest Grom honor to..."
Principal Bump says: "Amity Blight!"
The three of them turn to Amity, who looks shocked.
Principal Bump says: "Our Grom queen!"
Student #4 says: "It's Amity!"
Student #5 says: "Amity."
Amity is noticeably uneasy.
Luz says: "WHOOOO!"
Luz says: "Amity, get it, queen!"
Luz holds her hand up for a high-five. Amity looks around and runs off.
Luz says: "Don't leave me hangin'!"
Willow says: "You might want to give her some space."
Willow says: "Being Grom queen is a tough job."
Willow says: "Even for Amity."
Cut to the gym. Students are setting up decorations while Principal Bump oversees. The Snaggleback is hanging from the ceiling by a rope and spinning.
Principal Bump says: "Very good."
Principal Bump says: "Lower the streamers, fill the punch bowl, and- how's my disco ball?"
Snaggleback says: "Nauseous."
Principal Bump says: "Great."
Principal Bump says: "Just keep it up for 36 more hours."
Principal Bump leaves the gym. Luz enters.
Luz says: "Ah."
Luz says: "My first school dance experience on the Boiling Isles."
Luz says: "I can't wait to get overdressed, take awkward photos, push all the buttons- wait, what?"
She sees a red button on a black-and-red pedestal with insect legs on the bottom.
Luz says: "Well, hello."
Luz says: "Don't mind if I do."
She cheekily pushes the button. The ground rumbles, and the floor opens to an underground arena, connected by a ramp.
Luz says: "Woah!"
Two walls of weapons come up from the floor on either side of Luz.
Amity says: "They're not for decoration."
Amity is sitting at the top of the bleachers, alone. She stands up and starts to make her way down.
Amity says: "This arena's where I'll make my debut as Grom queen."
Luz says: "Right."
Luz says: "Why don't you seem excited?"
Amity says: "Because this isn't just some dance party."
In the arena, black goop rumbles and growls.
Amity says: "That's Grom."
Amity says: "Short for Grometheus, the Fear-Bringer."
Amity says: "It's a monster that lives under the school."
She casts a spell that shows a tapestry about Grom's backstory.
Amity says: "Every year it tries to break out, and a student had to defeat it before it invades the town."
Amity says: "Ever the optimist, Bump holds a party and calls it tradition."
The tapestry fades back to the gym.
Amity says: "The worst thing is that Grom can read minds and shape-shift into your worst fear."
Amity says: "And mine..."
Luz says: "If it worries you so much, then why don't you tell Principal Bump you want out of this death match biz?"
Luz says: "Unless talking to Bump is your greatest fear."
Amity says: "No, but that's a good idea."
Amity says: "Thanks, Luz."
Amity leaves.
Luz says: "Hm."
Snaggleback says: "PUT DOWN A TARP, I'M GONNA PUKE!"
Luz hurries out. Cut to the Owl House, the door to Eda's room.
Luz says: "I'm home!"
Eda says: "OW!"
Luz enters.
Luz says: "Guys?"
We see Eda in a brown tuxedo with King, standing on a stack of books, wearing a green apron.
Eda says: "Careful with those pins."
King says: "Why am I doing this?"
King says: "I don't even wear clothes!"
Luz says: "Hey, sweet duds, owl lady!"
Luz says: "What's the haps?"
Eda says: "I'm chaperoning Grom tonight."
Eda says: "So I have to look sharp."
King says: "And Gus asked me to co-emcee the fight!"
King holds up a poster of him and Gus, standing back-to-back in sunglasses, Gus holding a microphone.
King says: "We're going to turn this blood-bath into a fun-bath!"
Eda says: "Ooh!"
Eda says: "Have they announced the victim yet?"
Luz says: "Yeah."
Luz says: "It's Amity."
Luz says: "She's kinda freaking out though."
Luz says: "I wish I could, like, take her place or something."
Eda and King laugh.
King says: "A great joke, Luz!"
They continue laughing.
Eda says: "Ah, listen, kid."
Eda says: "That's a noble sentiment, but Grom is a little above your pay-grade."
Eda says: "You're a human."
Eda says: "You're..."
Eda says: "fragile."
Luz gets up and marches towards Eda.
Luz says: "Hey!"
Luz says: "I've been learning lots of new spells!"
Luz says: "I could totally handle it."
Eda says: "There's a horrifying spider in your hair."
Luz says: "Nope."
Luz says: "I'm not as fragile as you think, Eda."
Luz says: "And I can't be so easily fooled, either."
Luz turns around, revealing there is in fact a horrifying spider in her hair. She slams the door as she leaves.
King says: "Uh, maybe you were too hard on her."
King says: "She's saved you from multiple monsters, remember?"
Eda says: "Facing Grom means facing your worst fear, King."
Eda says: "And I don't think Luz knows what that means yet."
She looks at herself in the mirror, pauses.
Eda says: "Do you think I could pull of red eyeshadow?"
King says: "Girl, you can pull of anything!"
King says: "Up top!"
King says: "We're style geniuses!"
Cut to the forest. It is dark. Luz is holding a branch and tears through the brush, angry.
Luz says: ""Fragile"."
Luz says: "Eda doesn't know me!"
Luz says: "I-I'm brave!"
Luz says: "I'm a bad boy!"
She hears footsteps and yelps.
Luz says: "Ominous footsteps, creepy woods."
Luz says: "This is no problem."
She braces for impact and holds up her branch.
Luz says: "LUZ CHOP!"
Luz says: "AAAAAAHHHHHH!"
She lunges forward and unknowingly hits Amity, knocking her down.
Amity says: "Ow!"
Luz pulls out a light-glyph, activating it immediately and holding it up to reveal Amity in the mud.
Luz says: "Oh my gosh, Amity!"
Luz says: "I'm so sorry!"
She tries to help Amity up, though the witch slips in the mud.
Amity says: "And here I thought this day..."
Amity says: "Oop!"
Luz pulls Amity to standing. They stare at each other for a second. Amity sits down on a tree stump.
Amity says: "..."
Amity says: "couldn't get any worse."
Luz looks around before plopping herself in the mud.
Luz says: "Did you talk to Bump?"
Luz says: "Was it as terrifying as you imagined?"
Amity says: "He said no."
Amity says: "I'm Grom queen, unless I can find a replacement."
Amity says: "And who'd want to switch with me?"
Amity curls in on herself. Luz looks down. Then her face brightens.
Luz says: "I would."
Amity says: "What?"
Luz says: "Amity Blight, I'll do it."
Luz says: "I'll take your place and face Grom in the arena."
Luz says: "I'll be your fearless champion!"
The spider that was in Luz's hair crawls onto her face. She screams and faceplants into the mud. Amity looks on, concerned.
Luz says: "fearless..."
Luz says: "champion.."
Cut to Luz's room in the Owl House. She rummages through a chest of clothes and pulls out a black dress.
Luz says: "Hmmm..."
Luz says: "."
She pulls out an otter suit.
Luz says: "Hmm!"
[Her phone buzzes. She picks it up says: ""Mira!"
a text from her mom says: ""Mira!"
[Her phone buzzes. She picks it up says: "Visiting our fav after school snack spot!"
a text from her mom says: "Visiting our fav after school snack spot!"
[Her phone buzzes. She picks it up says: "" Then is a selfie of Camila holding a sandwhich outside of a store with a sign reading "Chimichurri Sandwhiches!"
a text from her mom says: "" Then is a selfie of Camila holding a sandwhich outside of a store with a sign reading "Chimichurri Sandwhiches!"
[Her phone buzzes. She picks it up says: "" Another text reads, "Miss you BEBE!"
a text from her mom says: "" Another text reads, "Miss you BEBE!"
[Her phone buzzes. She picks it up says: "XO" Luz replies "😋"."
a text from her mom says: "XO" Luz replies "😋"."
[Her phone buzzes. She picks it up says: "She frowns at her phone."
a text from her mom says: "She frowns at her phone."
[Her phone buzzes. She picks it up says: "Hooty enters."
a text from her mom says: "Hooty enters."
Hooty says: "Oh, Luuuuuzzzz!"
Hooty says: "You have a gueeessssstttt!!"
Luz says: "Hooty!"
Luz says: "No touching!"
Hooty retreats out the window. The door opens.
Luz says: "Amity!"
Amity enters through the door, picking feathers out of her hair.
Amity says: "If that bird-tube ever talks to me again, I'm going to destroy it."
Amity says: "You ready to train?"
Luz says: "But this one says, "I'm an otter..."
Luz says: "with a dark side."
Amity says: "Luz, you need to take this seriously."
Amity says: "If you can't defeat Grom, everyone on the island will have to live out their worst nightmare."
Hooty enters, right up against Amity. Amity scrunches her face.
Hooty says: "YOU WANNA HEAR MY  WORST NIGHTMARE??"
Camera moves outside of Luz's room. Hooty's body writhes as crashes are heard.
Hooty says: "Hooty-hoot!"
Hooty says: "Hoot, hoot!"
Luz says: "Stop, stop!"
Luz says: "Amity, Amity, wai-- AMITY, STOP!"
Cut to the front of the Owl House, Amity paces in front of Luz, Emira, and Edric. Behind her, Hooty is now wearing an eyepatch and bandages.
Amity says: "Grom will transform into your darkest fears."
Amity says: "What are you afraid of, Luz?"
Luz thinks.
Edric says: "Wanna say our greatest fears?"
Edric says: "On three."
Edric says: "One, two..."
Edric says: "being alone forever!"
Emira says: "Being stuck with you forever."
Luz says: "In preparation, I've made a list!"
She pulls a list from her pocket and holds it out to Amity. She grabs it and reads it. Edric and Emira read it, chuckle, and each draw a spell circle. A huge version of Luz's phone appears. The screen shows a guy tipping a white fedora, and a message bubble that says "M'LADY".
Luz says: "Jerks online who wanna debate!"
A cat with a human face appears.
Luz says: "AH!"
Cat says: "Luz, help me!"
Cat says: "Help!"
Luz says: "Human souls trapped in cat bodies!"
Cat says: "I don't want to be this."
A carton of milk appears, floating in the air, and pours milk into a glass in Luz's hand.
Luz says: "NOOOO!"
Luz says: "I'm lactose intolerant!"
Amity says: "Not enough."
Amity says: "What's your real fear, Luz?"
Luz looks up at the window into Eda's room.
Luz says: "My real fear..."
Luz says: "is that Eda thinks I'm too fragile to do this!"
Luz says: "And if she's right, I'll never be a real witch!"
Edric and Emira look at each other and draw a conjoined spell circle. A giant illusion of Eda rises from the ground, flipping her hair. She looks at Luz.
Eda Illusion says: "You're inadequate."
The Eda Illusion draws a spell circle. Luz is put in a high chair with a bib that says "weak baby". Cut to Eda's room, where the real Eda, now wearing a yellow bowtie, looks at herself in the mirror.
Eda says: "Me-ow."
Eda says: "Still got it."
Luz says: "Nooooo!"
Cut to Eda exiting the house into the front yard, bowtie in hand. Emira and Edric look proud of their creation while Amity looks nervous. Luz is wailing like a baby.
Eda says: "I get it."
Eda says: "Ditch the yellow."
Eda says: "Is that supposed to be me?"
She looks at the illusion of herself, which smiles down at her.
Eda says: "Dang, I look great."
Eda says: "Wait a sec."
Eda says: "You're training to be Grom queen!"
Luz says: "So what if I am!"
The high chair and bib disappear as Eda walks up to her.
Eda says: "You thing training will help against Grom?"
Eda says: "Luz, you always go overboard and I end up bailing you out."
Eda says: "Now, what's the fun in watching a kid get eaten by a monster if its my kid?"
Luz says: "Well, maybe you'll have fun watching me defeat Grom!"
She karate-chops the cat, and it disappears. Luz grins proudly. Eda looks worried. Amity puts a hand on Luz's shoulder.
Amity says: "Luz, I don't think you're ready, but we're literally out of time."
Luz says: "I'll take it!"
They smile at each other. Cut to the Hexside gym.
Snaggleback says: "Arms so tired."
Rockabilly-style music is playing in the background. Couples awkwardly dance on the dance floor. Willow dons corsages onto some guests. Eda waits nervously to the side. She looks at her watch, which has King as the arms.
King says: "Why so twitchy, witchy?"
King says: "Trying to remember if I've ever seen you this nervous before."
Eda says: "Well, of course I'm worried!"
Eda says: "I'm going to have to save Luz from a nightmare monster!"
Eda says: "Ugh, so much for Mama's fun night out."
The lights dim.
Gus says: "Ladies, gentlemen, and assorted demons!"
Gus is on the stage, in the spotlight, speaking into a microphone.
Gus says: "It's almost time for our main Grom event."
Gus says: "Please, please, take a seat, and be aware that the first three rows are designated splash zones."
One guest is sitting in the first row, wearing a raincoat and opening an umbrella. The students cheer. Eda and King sit towards the back.
King says: "Wow, Gus is really good at this."
King says: "They're hanging on his every word!"
Gus says: "I see we've got Principal Bump in the house!"
Gus says: "Now, sir, I hope you won't throw us in detention because, uh, we're going to raise the roof."
The spotlight goes onto Principal Bump, who is sitting in the bleachers. He makes a raising-the-roof motion with his hands and smiles. The students cheer.
King says: "Whoo, I, uh, hope my material's up to snuff."
King says: "Whoah!"
He drops his card and falls into a sitting position. A whoopie cushion goes off.
King says: "What do you think will go better with the youths, close-up magic or impressions?"
Eda grabs King by the collar and holds him up.
Eda says: "Oh, King."
Eda says: "Teenagers are brutal."
Eda says: "They'll boo anyone, and that kind of public humiliation can stick with you for life."
King says: "Aaahh!"
Cut to the doorway. Amity steps out of the gym and looks around, then down at her note from this morning. She gently smooths it out with her thumb. Luz enters and she quickly pockets the note.
Luz says: "I'm not sure if it's nerves or if I accidentally drank some milk, but something's making my stomach squirm."
Amity says: "Uh, you look nice."
Amity says: "Strange, but..."
Amity says: "nice."
Amity says: "And, thank you, Luz."
Amity says: "Honestly, I'm kind of amazed with how fearless you are."
Amity says: "You've done things I could never do."
Luz says: "Hah, you’re right!"
Luz says: "You goin' soft on me, Blight?"
Amity says: "In your dreams."
They stare at each other.
Gus says: "Now, introducing our Grom queen."
Gus says: "You know her, you love her..."
Gus says: "you've at least heard of her."
Gus says: "Luz, the Human!"
The students cheer as the spotlight goes on Luz.
Luz says: "Wish me luck!"
Amity says: "Luck."
The pedestal with the red button skitters onto the stage. Gus presses it. The floor opens to reveal the Grom arena. Skara and her date, about to lean in for a kiss, rip off their formal clothing to reveal their Grom jerseys.
Date says: "GROM!!!!"
Skara says: "YES, GROM!!!!"
The weapon racks rise up on either side of Luz. She picks up a flail and places an ice-glyph on it. It glows. She ventures into the arena. Grom rises.
Luz says: "There you are, Gromarama."
Luz says: "Not too scary."
Grom turns into the human souls trapped in cat bodies.
Cats says: "Luz, help me."
Cats says: "I'm a man."
Luz says: "Ugh, so weird."
She swings her flail to gain momentum and slams it to the ground. A pillar of ice rises and rockets out the cats. The students cheer.
Gus says: "And there she goes, folks!"
Gus says: "Using that characteristic human magic to keep Grom at bay!"
Gus says: "And now, to hand things over to my co-emcee: King!"
The students cheer. King walks onto the stage.
King says: "Hel-LO, Hexside!"
King says: "So..."
He drops his cards and the microphone feedback screeches. He tugs at his collar.
King says: "Oh, oh gosh."
King says: "Um..."
King says: "whoooo."
King says: "Wow, these lights are warm."
King says: "Observe!"
King says: "Luz, is um..."
King says: "she's down there, all right."
King says: "And, uh, yes she is!"
King says: "There she goes!"
King says: "Folks, she's battling the thing, and uh..."
The crowd begins to boo.
Guest says: "Bring back the funny kid!"
King says: "You will clap for me!"
King says: "Please?"
He throws down the microphone and runs offstage, wailing.
Gus says: "King!"
Back in the arena, Luz is fighting the illusion of the online jerks.
Luz says: "You're not coming from a place of intellectual honesty, so debating you would be pointless!"
She slams an ice-glyph down, which creates a sharp shard of ice that pierces the illusion and makes it disappear. The students cheer.
Principal Bump says: "Luz has lasted surprisingly long."
Principal Bump says: "But what form will Grom take next?"
Luz says: "LET'S FINISH THIS!"
Luz says: "Human-style!"
Grom rises behind Luz, towering over her. An illusion of cursed Eda with glowing eyes creeps towards her. Back in the stands, Eda hides in her hair. The illusion reaches out to Luz's head and makes her eyes glow. It morphs into the portal door. Luz looks at it.
Luz says: "Huh?"
The door opens. Camila steps out.
Grom-Camila says: "Mija?"
Luz looks on, shocked.
Luz says: "Mom!"
Luz says: "What are you doing here?"
Grom-Camila says: "Luz, what is this terrible place?"
Grom-Camila says: "Espérate un momento, this isn't camp."
Grom-Camila says: "Have you been here, all these weeks?"
Grom-Camila says: "And is that a weapon?"
Luz says: "Ah!"
Luz says: "I can explain!"
The illusion of Camila morphs into Grom. It towers over Luz.
Grom-Camila says: "Mija, have you been lying to me?!"
Grom-Camila says: "!"
Luz stares at Grom-Camila, terrified. Cut to the hallway. Gus walks over to King, who is sitting in front of the lockers, looking down. He sits next to him.
Gus says: "What's going on, little dude?"
King says: "Nothing!"
King says: "Leave me be!"
Gus says: "The thing is, you're sitting in my personal chit-chat zone, which means you gotta talk."
King says: "Well if that's the rule..."
King says: "Oh, how can this be?"
King says: "I get stage fright!"
King says: "ME!"
King says: "The king of demons!"
King says: "I know, I know."
King says: "Imagine everyone in their underwear."
Gus says: "GROSS!"
Gus says: "Why would you do that?!"
Gus says: "!"
King says: "I dunno."
King says: "I always do that."
King says: "I am a little weirdo."
Gus says: "No, King, sometimes you just have to face your fear, like Luz is doing right now."
Luz slides into the hallway, startled. She runs down the hallway.
Luz says: "I can't do it!"
Luz says: "I can't face my fear!"
Grom-Camila says: "Why are you running, Luz?"
Principal Bump says: "Grom has escaped."
Principal Bump and the students move into the hallway.
Students says: "He escaped!"
Students says: "Oh no!"
Students says: "Grom escaped."
Students says: "What are we gonna do?"
Gus stares at the microphone in Principal Bump's hand.
Gus says: "King, now's your chance."
King grabs the microphone as the students chatter.
King says: "Gimme!"
King says: "Well, folks, looks like our show literally just took off!"
They look at King, confused.
King says: "Weh?"
Gus says: "You gotta pander."
King says: "Uh, took off just like your local sports team would take off when they're about to make a goal?"
The students cheer.
Students says: "Yeah, sports team!"
Students says: "Sports team!"
Students says: "Oh, yeah!"
Students says: "I love our team!"
King says: "Yeah, that's right, so let's follow them and see what happens next."
Gus takes King into his arms, and they lead out the crowd. Amity and Eda run out of the gym after them. They nod to each other, determined.
Cut to the forest. Luz is running away as Grom follows close behind.
Luz says: "I don't wanna be Grom queen anymore!"
Luz says: "I give up the throne!"
Grom pants. Luz comes up at a cliff and stops just before falling off.
Grom-Camila says: "Why can't you face me, Luz?"
Grom-Camila says: "Why can't you face your own mother?"
Luz says: "You're not really my mom!"
Grom-Camila says: "How can you say that, cariño?!"
Grom-Camila says: "!"
Grom-Camila says: "You're breaking my heart!"
Eda says: "Hands off my human, you misshapen excuse for a monster!"
Luz says: "Eda!"
Luz says: "You're right!"
Luz says: "I'm not ready!"
Eda says: "That's okay, I got this one."
Eda says: "Huh?"
Amity jumps out from the trees and puts herself between Luz and Grom.
Amity says: "Stay away from her!"
Grom growls and reaches out an inky arm towards Amity, lifting her high above the ground.
Amity says: "I'm sorry, Luz."
Amity says: "I should have fought my own battle."
Grom's eyes glow blue, reading Amity's mind.
Luz says: "Amity!"
Luz says: "No, your fear!"
Grom grows, turning more and more blob-like. Finally, it shrinks and morphs into a humanoid body.
Luz says: "Who is that?"
Amity's eyes stop glowing. Grom takes the pink note from Amity's pocket and rips it in half, letting it fall to the ground. Amity closes her eyes, embarrassed, clutching her dress. Grom slinks away. Amity picks up one half of the note from the ground and holds it to her heart. Luz picks up the other, unfurls it, and reads it. It reads, "Will you go to Grom with me? -Amity".
Luz says: "You were afraid of getting rejected."
Luz says: "Amity, it's okay."
Luz says: "What if I went to Grom with you instead?"
She holds out her hand for Amity to take. Amity reaches for it.
Amity says: "Really?"
Luz says: "That's what friends do."
Amity smiles, then looks sternly to Grom. It rises and towers above them, roaring menacingly from huge jaws.
Amity says: "Well, then, if that's settled, may I have this dance?"
She holds out her hand to Luz. She grins and takes it. They come close to dance, the moon shining brightly behind them. They dance. Luz spins Amity, and Amity casts a spell with her feet, forming a giant abomination below them. They rise up on it. Luz fans out her plant glyph cards. Amity dips Luz, and she slaps a glyph onto the abomination. They jump off, and the abomination goes into Grom's mouth. Green light moves within it, and then plants start to bloom through it. Luz lands, then catches Amity, spinning her around several times before putting her on her feet. As the finish, holding hands, looking at each other, Grom explodes behind them. A giant tree is in its place. The last remnants of Grom slink off. Luz and Amity look up as a tiara appears on both of their heads. They smile at each other.
Luz says: "Sooooooo..."
Luz says: "."
Luz says: "who did you wanna ask out?"
Amity says: "Oh, it’s..."
Amity says: "it’s not important."
She pulls the note-piece from her pocket and tosses it aside. It lands right beside the other half, and unfurls to read, "Luz", for a completed mesage of "Luz, will you go to Grom with me? -Amity". King runs to the side of the girls.
King says: "And there you have it, folks."
King says: "A happy ending for this year's Grom."
King says: "Let's give a big hand to our Grom queens, Luz and Amity!"
Luz flashes a toothy smile as Amity blushes awkwardly. The students pop out of the bushes and run toward them, cheering. They parade the girls, holding them up. Luz puts a hand on Amity's shoulder. Eda is clapping for them next to Gus and King.
Gus says: "You did it, buddy!"
King says: "Of course I did it!"
King says: "I'm the King of Demons and I've never had stage fright in my life!"
The students hold up King, right by Luz and Amity.
King says: "THEY LOVE ME!"
Luz and Amity laugh and smile at each other warmly.
Cut to the Owl House. Eda, King, and Luz have just arrived home, Luz looking down.
Eda says: "WHOOOO!"
Eda says: "Watch out for this human!"
Eda says: "Oh, you did good, kid."
Luz says: "Thanks, but..."
Luz says: "I'm gonna go to bed."
She tosses the tiara to the ground. King picks it up and places it on his head.
King says: "NOW I AM KING AND QUEEN!"
King says: "Best of both things!"
Luz enters her room with a sigh. She opens the window and sits on the windowsill, looking out.
Luz says: "In the end I couldn't face my mom."
Luz says: "Maybe I am fragile."
[Her phone vibrates. She turns it on to find two texts from her mom says: ""How was your day?"
[Her phone vibrates. She turns it on to find two texts from her mom says: "❤, Mamá!"
[Her phone vibrates. She turns it on to find two texts from her mom says: "" and "Miss you mija 🤗"."
Luz says: "Hmm."
She types a duck emoji. Looking into her room, she changes her mind and types out, "Miss you too, Mami". She sends it, then continues typing.
Luz says: "I won't lie."
Luz says: "Today was kinda hard."
Cut to Willow and Gus poking some remnants of Grom. For Willow, a ladybug pops out, and she jumps back.
Luz says: "And I don't always feel like I'm supposed to be here."
When Gus pokes it, a clown pokes out. He runs away. Fade to Amity sitting in her window, looking out of it. She opens a memory box she has in her lap.
Luz says: "But when things get tough, my friends help me out."
Amity puts her tiara in the box and closes it. She closes her eyes and leans against the window frame. Fade to the Owl House living room, where Eda is snoring on the couch. King jumps up and lays on her stomach, then falls asleep.
Luz says: "I think you'd like them."
Eda wakes up and looks at King. She smiles, puts a hand on his back, and closes her eyes again. Fade back to Luz sitting in her windowsill.
Luz says: "Te extraño también, Mami."
Luz says: "One day, I'll tell you all about this."
[The wind howls says: ""can't wait!"
blowing clouds away from the moon. Luz looks out on the sea says: ""can't wait!"
smiles. She receives another text from her mom. It reads says: ""can't wait!"
[The wind howls says: "P."
blowing clouds away from the moon. Luz looks out on the sea says: "P."
smiles. She receives another text from her mom. It reads says: "P."
[The wind howls says: "S."
blowing clouds away from the moon. Luz looks out on the sea says: "S."
smiles. She receives another text from her mom. It reads says: "S."
[The wind howls says: "love receiving your letters!"
blowing clouds away from the moon. Luz looks out on the sea says: "love receiving your letters!"
smiles. She receives another text from her mom. It reads says: "love receiving your letters!"
Luz says: "Aw."
Luz says: "That's a cute way of saying "text"."
She puts her phone down and looks out at the moon again.
The scene fades to Camila lying in bed, smiling at her phone. She turns it off and puts it on her nightstand, next to a pile of actual letters, seemingly written by Luz. Camila turns and goes to sleep. The camera focuses on the top letter, reading, "Hi, Mom! I am having a great time at camp. Today we learned what mortgages are! I can't wait to get home and see you. Let's do lots of fun mother/daughter activities forever and ever. Love, Your Daughter, LUS LUZ".
[Cut to a photo album titled "Grom Memories". It flips through pictures of the night says: "A photo of two students posing awkwardly, trying not to touch."
[Cut to a photo album titled "Grom Memories". It flips through pictures of the night says: "Of Skara and her date pushing them out of the way."
[Cut to a photo album titled "Grom Memories". It flips through pictures of the night says: "Of the two with their Grom jerseys."
[Cut to a photo album titled "Grom Memories". It flips through pictures of the night says: "Of Boscha, Bo, and Selene posing."
[Cut to a photo album titled "Grom Memories". It flips through pictures of the night says: "Of them making silly faces."
[Cut to a photo album titled "Grom Memories". It flips through pictures of the night says: "Of Mattholomule photobombing, with the girls looking angry."
[Cut to a photo album titled "Grom Memories". It flips through pictures of the night says: "Of Luz posing in her Grom outfit."
[Cut to a photo album titled "Grom Memories". It flips through pictures of the night says: "Of her looking over."
[Cut to a photo album titled "Grom Memories". It flips through pictures of the night says: "Of only her boot in frame."
[Cut to a photo album titled "Grom Memories". It flips through pictures of the night says: "Lastly, a photo of Luz with her arm around a blushing Amity, Willow throwing peace signs next to them, and Gus posing with his microphone behind them."
[Cut to a photo album titled "Grom Memories". It flips through pictures of the night says: "The book closes."
The Snaggleback is still hanging from the gym ceiling. He is holding the album.
Snaggleback says: "Wow."
Snaggleback says: "What a night."
Snaggleback says: "Now, can someone let me down?"
The lights shut off.
Snaggleback says: "Anyone..."
Snaggleback says: "?"