Open on the Owl House living room, where Eda and Owlbert are playing a card game with Luz and King watching. Eda shuffles her hand, and the eyes on the cards look up at her. Owlbert, wearing a green visor, narrows his eyes and hoots.
Eda says: "Watch closely, Luz."
Eda says: "Hexes Hold'em is the most tricky game on the Boiling Isles."
Eda says: "Any proper witch knows how to play."
Luz says: "Oh boy, cards!"
Luz says: "The paper rectangles that old people think are fun!"
Eda puts a card down on the table. Lightning comes from the cards, sending Owlbert flying for cover behind the side of the table. The cards all stand and roar. Owlbert's surge forward and attack Eda's, making Owlbert smirk.
Eda says: "Now when it looks like the deck is stacked against you, that's when you break out the wildcard."
[She holds up a card with a tower on it. It glows green says: "EDA" appear and disappear over the table."
Owlbert's cards disappear in a flash of fire. Fiery letter spelling out "WINNER says: "EDA" appear and disappear over the table."
[She holds up a card with a tower on it. It glows green says: "Owlbert hops back on and hoots at Eda, his wings extended."
Owlbert's cards disappear in a flash of fire. Fiery letter spelling out "WINNER says: "Owlbert hops back on and hoots at Eda, his wings extended."
Eda says: "Woo, I win!"
Eda says: "In your adorable owl face."
Eda says: "Ah, I love the feeling of victory; it feels..."
Eda says: "fluffy?"
Luz says: "Uh, Eda?"
Luz says: "It's happening again!"
Eda says: "What's happening again?"
King says: "Your curse is returning!"
THEME.
Cut to the inside of a chest as Eda opens it, Luz on one side and King on the other.
Eda says: "Oh boy."
All of the bottles in the chest are empty.
Eda says: "This is terrible."
Eda says: "I'm out of elixir."
Luz says: "Uh, last time this happened, you turned into this thing."
Eda says: "I know I should be repulsed, but that look is fierce."
Luz says: "Eda!"
Eda says: "You're right, you're right."
Eda says: "We need to head to the market."
Luz says: "Market!"
King says: "I'm stealing everything that's not nailed down!"
Eda says: "Before we go, would anyone like to play one more hand of Hexes Hold'em?"
Eda says: "Hey, where are my cards?"
Luz says: "Take these and fly ahead."
Luz says: "She'll have to follow us."
He does.
Eda says: "Owlbert, you sore loser, gimme back my cards!"
Cut to the Bonesborough sky line as a winged demon flies past. Cut to the market, where Eda bangs on a metal grate.
Eda says: "Hey, open up, Morton!"
Morton says: "Uh, ju--..."
Morton says: "just a minute!"
King leaves Eda's side to sit next to Luz on a bench.
Luz says: "Is there anything better than people watching in the Demon Realm?"
Three witches are standing at a bus stop as a giant egg rolls up to it. The egg cracks, revealing a featherless bird that screeches. It flies away. The witches enter the egg, one of them closes it, and it rolls off as Tiny Nose runs up.
Tiny Nose says: "Wait, wait!"
Tiny Nose says: "Aw, dang it."
Luz says: "The curse of tiny legs."
King says: "I know the pain."
A witch waves his hand, and a cart with a large demon on it follows him. Luz walks up to Eda.
Luz says: "Whoa, that is one ominous parade."
Eda says: "That's no parade."
Eda says: "Those are demon hunters."
The demon growls and bucks. The two demon hunters pushing the cart pull its ropes to pin it back down. It tries to bite at the first demon hunter.
Eda says: "Dangerous nomads who capture and sell the most powerful beasts."
The first demon hunter traces a spell circle, creating lightning in his hand. He grunts as he shocks the demon unconscious. He turns and looks at Luz.
Eda says: "..."
Eda says: "Which I'm about to become if you don't open up, Morton!"
Morton says: "Sorry, Eda!"
Morton says: "I was up all night poison tasting and for some reason I don't feel great."
Eda says: "I'm all outta my juice, pal."
Morton says: "Oh, gee."
Morton says: "Lemme see what I can do."
Morton ducks down and digs around, rattling bottles. The demon hunters continue on, revealing Willow and Gus, looking dejected, behind the demon.
Luz says: "Willow and Gus!"
Luz says: "Heya, friends!"
Luz says: "Wait, what's wrong?"
Luz says: "Who hurt my babies?"
Willow says: "Them."
She points to a food stand. Skara and Cat are laughing while Amity is staring at a potion and Boscha is watching them.
Willow says: "Amity's having a moonlight conjuring and invited everyone but me."
Gus says: "And she keeps posting about it on her Penstagram account."
Gus summons his scroll, open to Amity's Penstagram post of her and her friends posing.
Luz says: ""It's conjuring night!"
Luz says: "No dorks allowed"?"
Luz says: "What a jerk!"
Luz says: "What's a moonlight conjuring?"
Willow says: "You spend the night at someone's house, telling stories, playing games..."
Luz says: "Like a slumber party!"
Luz says: "We have those!"
Willow says: "Then you bring something to life with moon magic!"
Luz says: "Like a weird slumber party!"
Willow says: "Gus and I have never been to one."
Luz says: "I'm three people-- I mean, we're three people, and we're way better than them!"
Boscha says: "Only real witches allowed."
Amity says: "Leave her alone."
Amity says: "It's not her fault she was born without talent."
They all leave.
Luz says: "Whoa."
Luz says: "Don't waste your time getting thorny over them."
Luz says: "'Cause we're gonna have our own moonlight conjuring."
Gus says: "Are you serious?"
Gus says: "This was on my bucket list."
Gus says: "After owning a real human bucket!"
Luz says: "That's a really weird thing to want, but I appreciate your enthusiasm."
Luz says: "I'll go tell Eda."
She runs to get Eda. Cut back to her and Morton.
Morton says: "I've got bad news and good news."
Morton says: "Bad news is I'm all out 'till next week."
Morton says: "Good news is feathers are a good look for you."
A feather grows out of her hair.
Eda says: "Morton!"
That feather and several others flutter to the ground as she stalks forward.
Morton says: "Well gee, E."
Morton says: "Why'd you wait to re-up 'till now?"
Eda says: "I've been very busy."
King says: "Yeah, busy playing Hexes Hold'em."
King says: "She's obsessed with it."
Eda says: "I am not obsessed!"
King says: "You're playing it right now!"
Several cards are now splayed out on the counter, and Eda has one in hand.
Eda says: "..."
Eda says: "Am I winning?"
Morton says: "You know, I wouldn't suggest this to just anybody, but if you need your elixir you can try your luck later this evening."
Eda says: "In the night market?"
Morton says: "There's a guy with a stand, goes by Grimm Hammer; if anyone has what you need, it's him."
Luz says: "Eda, Gus and Willow and I are gonna do a moonlight conjuring and stick it to Amity."
Eda says: "Not tonight, I'm going out."
Eda says: "I need you to watch the house, I have many precious objects in there."
King says: "Like me!"
King says: "Whoa!"
Eda says: "You're coming with me."
Eda says: "I need an extra pair of eyes looking out for pickpockets, and an extra pair of hands in case I want to pickpocket."
Eda says: "Pickpocket!"
King says: "Pickpocket!"
Eda says: "No!"
Eda says: "Besides, conjurings are dumb; sitting in a circle holding hands."
Eda says: "Pft."
Eda says: "It's like magic for babies."
Willow and Gus run up.
Willow says: "Luz!"
Willow says: "What did Eda say?"
Luz says: "So..."
Luz says: "guys..."
Gus says: "Oh, look!"
Gus says: "The moon is rising into place."
Gus says: "And the celestial powers only align once a year."
Willow says: "Oh, I can't believe I finally have enough friends for a moonlight conjuring!"
Willow says: "Thank you, Luz!"
Willow says: "Did Eda say it was okay?"
Luz says: "Uhm..."
Luz says: "yes."
Luz says: "She said yes."
Luz says: "We can do it at the Owl House."
Luz says: "As long as we don't make a mess or touch anything and never bring up that we did it!"
Gus says: "Yes!"
Willow says: "Oh, you're the best!"
Willow says: "We're gonna do a conjuring!"
Gus says: "We're gonna do a conjuring!"
Willow says: "We're gonna do a conjuring!"
Gus says: "We're gonna do a conjuring!"
Willow says: "Conjuring!"
Gus says: "Conjuring!"
Willow says: "Conjuring!"
Gus says: "Conjuring!"
Luz looks at the moon nervously.
Cut to the Owl House that night, where crickets are chirping. Luz is sitting on the couch watching Eda.
Eda says: "Luz, you're in charge while I'm out."
Eda says: "Make sure Hooty doesn't get into any trouble."
Hooty says: "I don't need a babysitter."
Hooty says: "I'm a big boy house!"
Luz says: "You can count on me; I'd never betray your hard-earned trust."
Eda says: "You're acting suspicious."
Eda says: "You're doing that thing where you hide in your hoodie."
Luz says: "Oh, where's King?"
Eda says: "He's right here."
She opens her cloak to reveal King, snoring, strapped in a pink baby carrier.
Eda says: "His little body just conks out when he's weightless."
Eda says: "Look at this."
She moves side to side, King not waking as he moves like a ragdoll.
Luz says: "Aww, he's so dangly."
Eda says: "Anyway, really going now."
Eda says: "And Luz..."
Luz grows nervous.
Eda says: "No pressure!"
Eda says: "Bye!"
Owlbert hoots as Eda flies away. Luz waves after them for a few seconds.
Luz says: "Ay."
Luz says: "Should I really be doing this?"
Luz says: "No, no, Willow is counting on you."
Luz says: "Okay, she's gone."
Willow says: "Release!"
Two bushes glow and explode, revealing Willow and Gus in their casual clothes.
Willow says: "I'm a sneaky sneakster!"
Gus says: "I've got leaves in my pants..."
Gus says: "and I like it."
Luz leads them inside.
Hooty says: "Company!"
Hooty says: "Hooray!"
Hooty says: "Finally someone to listen to my stories!"
Hooty says: "Hey..."
He coughs out a sparrow, which flies away chirping. Cut to inside.
Luz says: "Welcome to, the living room."
Luz says: "We call it that because it's technically living!"
Luz says: "The walls are breathing, look."
A wall is moving with heavy breaths. Willow looks at it closer.
Willow says: "Enchanting."
Gus says: "And actual humans!"
Luz says: "We've got snacks, we've got weird music!"
She puts the needle down on a gramophone, which produces an evil cackle. Gus walks up to her with a bucket on his head.
Gus says: "We've got a bucket!"
Luz says: "Gus, my man."
Willow says: "And best of all we have actual friends to do the conjuring with!"
Willow says: "This is so exciting!"
Luz says: "So how does this conjuring stuff work?"
Willow says: "Well first, we find something to animate."
Willow says: "Since it's our first time we should pick something meaningful."
Willow says: "Something beautiful."
Beefy Bob says: "I'm half beef, half Bob!"
Luz says: "Yes!"
Luz says: "He's perfect!"
Willow says: "That's not exactly what I meant by "beautiful"."
Gus lowers the action figure, whimpering and looking hurt.
Willow says: "Okay, buff boy it is."
Luz says: "Yes!"
Gus says: "Tonight he shall be risen!"
Cut to the moon rising in the sky. Gus places Beefy Bob on the ground between the three of them. There are several lit candles around them.
Willow says: "According to the conjuring books I've read, we say the incantation and make a connection with the doll."
They all hold hands.
Gus says: "Figurine."
Willow says: "Moonlight, we call, we sing."
Gus says: "Moonlight, we call, we sing."
Willow says: "Moonlight take this chance."
Gus says: "Moonlight take this chance."
Willow says: "Moonlight come tie the string."
Gus says: "Moonlight come tie the string."
Willow says: "Moonlight start the dance!"
Gus says: "Moonlight start the dance!"
Luz says: "Moonlight tie..."
Luz says: "string..."
Luz says: "and I don't know the words!"
The moon continues rising. Hooty looks up at it. The moon stops moving, and a burst of blue light comes out of it. A similar burst of blue light bursts out from between Willow, Luz, and Gus, spreading around the living room and extinguishing the candles. They all open one eye and look at Beefy Bob.
Gus says: "That's your cue little man."
The entire house rumbles. Hooty blinks, his eyes turning the same blue. .
Birds fly away from the house while cawing. The foundation cracks as the Owl House rises. The three kids scream as they loose their balance. The Owl House stops rising, now standing on giant bird legs. Cut to the living room, now in great disarray.
Luz says: "Guys?"
Luz says: "Did the entire house just hiccup?"
Gus says: "Little buff guy, what did you do?"
Beefy Bob says: "A real man never takes accountability!"
Willow says: "No, I think-- I think we might've animated the house by accident!"
Luz says: "The house?"
Luz runs outside and nearly falls off the ledge. Gus and Willow join her outside as the House begins to walk. They all scream. The door slams shut.
Luz says: "Hooty?"
Luz says: "Hooty!"
Luz says: "Hooty, you have to stop!"
Hooty says: "By the power of moonlight, I have risen."
Hooty says: "Hoot hoot."
Gus says: "He's in some kind of trance!"
The House steps through two trees. The jostling makes Gus yell as he and Luz lose their balance. He nearly falls off, but Luz and Willow catch him.
Willow says: "Gus!"
Luz says: "Gus!"
Willow says: "Our magic must've spread through the house instead of the doll!"
Gus says: "Figurine!"
Luz and Willow grunt as they try to not drop Gus. They both nearly fall and grab the other's hand for balance. The glow returns.
Luz says: "Hooty, stop!"
The House stops moments before it would have walked off a cliff. Luz and Willow pull Gus back up to safety and they all let go of each other, staring at their hands.
Gus says: "How'd we do that?"
They all look at the moon.
Luz says: "Willow, Gus, hold hands again."
They do, glowing once again. The Owl House takes several steps away from the cliff.
Willow says: "We're controlling it with the power of friendship."
Willow says: "Uh, and the moon."
Willow says: "Probably the moon."
Gus says: "This is amazing!"
Gus says: "What do we do now?"
The glow fades.
Luz says: "On the one hand, we should probably stay put."
Gus says: "On the other hand, we've got a giant walking house and should totally take it on a joyride!"
Luz looks at the now-descending moon.
Luz says: "Okay, okay, but we gotta be back before the moon sets or Eda will kill me."
Cut to them directing the house forward, cheering.
Gus says: "Yeah!"
Luz says: "Yeah!"
Gus says: "Joyride!"
Luz says: "Joyride!"
Cut to a sign that reads "NIGHT MARKET," behind a pair of pikes with skulls on them. Every stand at the market is bathed in red light. Eda walks through the center passage of the market before stopping.
Eda says: "Hey, you."
Eda says: "You know where I can find a Grimm Hammer?"
The demon nods with a grunt. A smaller lizard-like creature pops out of its eye socket and points to a foreboding stand. Eda approaches it. The demon eats the lizard. Cut to the Owl House, still walking through the forest. Boscha walks past with a raven and a duffel bag.
Willow says: "Hey, is that..."
Gus says: "It's Boscha."
Gus says: "That girl who made fun of us."
Boscha says: "Ugh!"
Boscha says: "Yes, Mom."
Boscha says: "I'm going to a moonlight conjuring."
Boscha says: "No, Mom."
Boscha says: "You can't come."
Boscha says: "And yes, Mom, it's sad that you're asking."
She lets go of the crow, which caws as it flies away. She turns around and sees the Owl House.
Willow says: "She noticed us."
Willow says: "What do we do?"
Luz says: "Hmm."
Luz says: "Hey."
Luz says: "H‐Hey you."
Luz says: "You should, uh, stop being so mean to people."
Luz says: "You're kind of a jerk."
Boscha says: "Ew."
Boscha says: "A talking house is giving me a lecture?"
Boscha says: "Whatever."
Boscha says: "I'll just TP you like I did with the rest of the neighborhood."
Luz says: "But don't you see?"
Luz says: "I am no mere house."
The House stands as Luz roars. Boscha screams and runs away. The other three laugh.
Gus says: "I've never pranked anyone before."
Gus says: "And now I have a taste for it."
Willow says: "We should follow her to Amity's house to show off our conjuring."
Willow says: "That will show her who's got no talent."
Luz looks at the moon, which is nearly at the treetops and still going down.
Luz says: "Actually, I'm starting to think we should head back."
Gus says: "Amity's updating her Penstagram."
Luz says: ""Shout out to my fellow witches."
Luz says: "#Humans can bite it."
Luz says: ""  Let's do it."
The House continues walking as they all cheer. Several shadowed figures fly after them. Cut to Eda approaching the stand and peeking through its curtain.
Eda says: "Hello?"
Eda says: "Uh, I seek the one they call Grimm Hammer."
Tibbles says: "I'm the one they call Grimm Hammer."
The curtains raise. A pig demon jumps onto the counter.
Tibbles says: "Welcome, welcome, welcome."
Tibbles says: "I've got weaponry from the Hinterlands, curses from the Winterlands, and jelly beans."
He tosses the jelly beans like confetti. King reaches for them and catches one.
King says: "Jelly beans!"
Tibbles says: "They're lethally delicious."
King opens his mouth to eat it anyway. Eda knocks it out of his hand.
Eda says: "You are Grimm Hammer?"
Tibbles says: "Tibblet‐Tibblie Grimm Hammer the third."
Tibbles says: "Please, call me Tibbles."
King says: "He wants to be called that."
Eda says: "Okay, Tibbles."
Eda says: "I need some of this elixir."
Tibbles says: "Oh."
Tibbles says: "This is one wicked brew."
Tibbles says: "Lucky for you,  I just stocked up."
Eda says: "Huzzam!"
Eda says: "I'll give you ten snails."
Tibbles says: "Add two more zeros and it's a deal."
Eda says: "A thousand snails?"
Eda says: "What kind of game are you playing?"
Tibbles says: "Capitalism."
Tibbles says: "Where everyone wins,  except you."
Eda says: "Hey!"
Eda says: "Say, you play Hexes Hold'em?"
King says: "Really?"
King says: "Now?"
Tibbles says: "Oh!"
Tibbles says: "Is that what that game is called?"
Tibbles says: "I was just using these as coasters."
Eda says: "How about we make it interesting?"
Eda says: "I win, you give me the elixir."
Eda says: "You win, you can take something of mine."
Tibbles says: "Oh, what fun."
Tibbles says: "You're on."
Eda smirks. Cut to Bonesborough, through which the Owl House walks. People on the streets scream and run for cover. Cut to a large manor with a gate reading "BLIGHT MANOR" in front of it.
Willow says: "Look, Amity's house."
Willow says: "Time to show Amity what a real conjuring looks like."
The House starts forward, but is stopped by a giant rope over the roof.
Willow says: "What happened?"
Luz says: "Is that a..."
Luz says: "giant crossbow?"
Demon Hunter #1 gives the signal for the crossbow to be shot. A second giant bolt and rope secure the house further. Demon Hunter #1 jumps up in front of the kids.
Demon Hunter #1 says: "Knock, knock."
Cut to the Owl House tied down a large cart being pushed through the woods by demon hunters. One stands atop a cliff and blows into a horn. Cut to the front door, Hooty making strange noises as Luz, tied to Willow and Gus inside, kicks at it.
Luz says: "Hooty!"
Luz says: "Hooty!"
Luz says: "You have to wake up."
Hooty says: "If you want this to end as you say, three of us hold hands."
Hooty says: "It's the only way."
Luz says: "¡Oye, no me hable así!"
Luz says: "Willow, will you help me out with Hooty?"
Willow says: "I'm sorry, Luz."
Willow says: "You shouldn't ask me to help with anything."
Luz says: "Willow."
All scream and grunt as the House stops moving.
Luz says: "Did the house stop moving?"
Gus says: "Uh, my insides didn't."
The door squeaks open, making the three of them whimper.
Cut to the demon hunter shoving the three of them out of the Owl House.
All says: "Ow!"
All says: "Ow!"
All says: "Ow!"
Demon Hunter #1 says: "Take the house and rip out the house demon."
Demon Hunter #1 says: "We can sell it to restaurants as exotic meat."
Luz says: "No!"
Luz says: "Hooty would taste terrible."
Hooty says: "Hey, I'm a refined taste."
Hooty says: "Hoot!"
Hooty says: "Hoot!"
Demon Hunter #3 says: "What do we do with the worms?"
Luz looks at her friends.
Demon Hunter #1 says: "Throw them over the cliff."
Demon Hunter #3 says: "All righty, kids."
Demon Hunter #3 says: "Here's the end of your short little lives."
He shoves them to the edge of a cliff overlooking the sea.
Gus says: "Is this really what you wanna be doing with your life?"
Gus says: "Tossing kids from cliffs?"
Demon Hunter #3 says: "Actually, yes."
Demon Hunter #3 says: "It's been my dream since I was a boy."
The three of them look at him for a long moment.
Demon Hunter #3 says: "I was a strange child."
Demon Hunter #3 says: "Whee!"
Cut to the three of them dangling from a branch sticking out of the cliffside.
Luz says: "If we're not killed now, we will be when Eda finds out about the house."
Willow says: "Luz, I'm so sorry."
Willow says: "You wanted to turn back but I just had to show off to Amity."
Willow says: "The truth is she and I used to be friends."
Luz says: "Whaaat?"
The branch cracks.
Willow says: "We played together as kids, but when she got her magical powers and I didn't, she stopped hanging out with me."
Gus says: "Guys, is now the best time?"
Willow says: "I just wanted to prove to her that I was a powerful witch too."
Luz says: "That's ridiculous."
Luz says: "You helped bring a house to life."
Luz says: "Amity doesn't know what she's talking about."
Willow smiles.
Luz says: "Next to Eda, you're the most powerful witch I know."
Luz says: "No offense, Gus."
Gus says: "No, not at all."
Gus says: "I know what I'm about."
Gus says: "This tree can't hold us much longer."
Willow says: "There."
Willow says: "Now, if I could just reach that root."
Willow says: "Gotcha!"
Her hand glows green as she grabs it. Cut to the Night Market, and a flaming pile of Hexes Hold'em cards.
King says: "Oof."
King says: "That was painful to watch."
Eda says: "You card shark."
Eda says: "You hustled me."
Tibbles says: "Looks like you forgot about my wild card."
His wild card hops out of his hand onto the counter.
Card says: "Yeah!"
Tibbles says: "In any case, I'd like my prize now."
Tibbles says: "And I choose..."
Tibbles says: "the little bone boy."
Tibbles says: "I've always wanted a tiny servant to model my line of baby clothes."
King says: "No!"
King says: "I don't look good in clothes."
King says: "I'm all‐natural."
King says: "Eda, do something!"
Eda twirls her finger, but no magic comes out of it. Her arm erupts in feathers.
Eda says: "I can't perform magic."
Tibbles snaps his fingers, and magic chains burst out of the ground to wrap around Eda. She falls to the ground.
Eda says: "You think this can stop me?"
Eda says: "I can still bite your ankles."
Tibbles says: "You don't think I know who you are?"
Tibbles says: "Eda, the Owl Lady."
Tibbles says: "That's right."
Tibbles says: "I've seen your wanted posters around here."
Tibbles says: "I wonder how much the Emperor's Coven would pay me to hand you over?"
Eda glares at him. Cut to the cliff with the Owl House.
Demon Hunter #3 says: "Yeah, they tried to fight back and they nearly got me."
Demon Hunter #3 says: "But you know, I handled it."
Demon Hunter #1 says: "They were children, Tom."
A shadow falls over them. Willow has made the small root grow into a huge plant, and she, Luz, and Gus are standing atop a leaf. She moves one of the thorny vines to cut the rope and free them.
Willow says: "We may be children, but we're also witches."
Willow says: "Powerful ones."
She sets the plant to attack. It flings Tom into the distance. Demon Hunter #1 pulls a sword and slices off the tip of one of the vines. A three-eyed witch tries to hit a vine with an axe, but misses. The vine grabs their ankle and flings them into a pile of rubble. Willow, Luz, and Gus run to the House while the plant is busy with the other demon hunters. Luz holds open the door for them, then closes it behind her.
Luz says: "Everyone, quick!"
They join hands. Cut to Demon Hunter #1 cutting through a vine with a shock spell. As he does, the Owl House stands.
Demon Hunter #1 says: "Uh..."
The House steps forward, crushing him. Cut to the moon, now on the water.
Luz says: "Oh, no."
Luz says: "I don't mean to step on this victory but we gotta get home before Eda does."
The Owl House walks away, leaving the ruins of the battle behind.
Demon Hunter #3 says: ""They're just children, Tom."
Cut to the Night Market, where Eda is still chained up on the ground, and King is sulking in a sailor's outfit.
Eda says: "King, I'm sorry."
King says: "King?"
King says: "Who's King?"
King says: "I go by Little Bone Boy now."
Eda says: "I know I have a problem."
Eda says: "I get obsessed with Hexes Hold'em."
Eda says: "But I'm done with that stupid game."
Eda says: "Look."
King says: "You promise?"
Eda says: "I promise."
King says: "I'll grab you the elixir and then we can bust out of here."
Tibbles says: "Bone boy!"
King says: "Heh?"
Tibbles says: "You will do no such thing."
Tibbles says: "The Emperor's Coven is already on its way to send this witch here to the Conformatorium."
King says: "Just because I have a model's body doesn't mean you can use me like this."
Loud footsteps make a candleflame waver.
Tibbles says: "I can and I am, bone boy."
Tibbles says: "I've got the cards stacked against you."
Tibbles says: "And nothing can stop me."
Tibbles says: "Nothing!"
One of the Owl House's feet steps directly through Tibbles's stand. A bottle of Eda's elixir falls on the ground, intact.
Luz says: "Sorry, mister."
The House continues down the street. Eda sits up and laughs. King backs away from Tibbles.
Eda says: "Wait, what‐‐ Was that my house?"
King says: "Eda, quick!"
He tosses her the elixir. She catches it in her mouth and downs it, then spits the bottle out. She traces a spell circle that makes the chains explode, and her feathers poof off her arms.
Tibbles says: "No, no, no!"
Tibbles says: "My scam stand."
Eda says: "Sorry, Tibbles, old boy."
Eda says: "It looks like you forgot about the wild card."
She grabs her staff and throws cards at Tibbles. Her and King leave.
Tibbles says: "Curse you, witch."
Tibbles says: "Curse you, bone boy."
Tibbles says: "I'll have my revenge."
Tibbles says: "Tibblet‐Tibblie Grimm Hammer the third will have his revenge."
Tibbles's stand falls apart. Cut to the usual location of the Owl House as it sits down in the crater it left. Cut to the living room, where Luz opens one eye.
Luz says: "Did we do it?"
Hooty says: "Ah."
Hooty says: "Just a little house humor."
Hooty says: "Ooh."
Luz says: "Sorry about all that, Hooty."
Hooty says: "It's okay."
Hooty says: "I'm just glad I was included."
The door is slammed closed, revealing Eda and King on the other side.
Luz says: "Oh, boy."
Eda says: "You are so busted."
Luz says: "Oh, man."
Eda says: "You held a moonlight conjuring."
Luz says: "I did."
Eda says: "And you animated my house."
Eda says: "My house!"
Luz says: "Yes."
Willow says: "No."
Willow says: "Don't punish Luz."
Willow says: "We're the ones who pushed her to do the conjuring."
Gus says: "If you're gonna eat me just do it now."
Gus says: "Do it now!"
Eda looks disgusted at the idea.
Luz says: "Hey, you didn't have to do that."
Willow says: "Yes, Luz."
Willow says: "I did."
Eda says: "Well, you're all guilty, so you'll all be punished by cleaning my house top to bottom."
She summons various cleaning supplies that land in the kids' arms.
Eda says: "And another thing..."
Eda says: "That was totally amazing."
Eda says: "And I'm so joining you for next year's conjuring."
Eda says: "Now get to work."
The three of them run off. Eda flops onto the couch.
King says: "I can't believe they animated a whole house."
Eda says: "Yeah."
Eda says: "You're right."
Eda says: "That takes some powerful magic."
Luz says: "You know, I still kinda wish we got to show up Amity."
Willow says: "Yeah."
Willow says: "Too bad no one will know of our daring adventures."
Cut to Amity's bedroom, where a stuffed rabbit is sitting on the floor. Boscha, Cat, Skara, and Amelia are all glaring at it.
Boscha says: "Ugh."
Boscha says: "So what if we couldn't move a doll."
Boscha says: "Now we have time for what really matters."
Boscha says: "Penstagram."
She summons her scroll. The other three summon theirs a few seconds after. Cut to Amity brooding, looking out of her window. Boscha gasps, getting her attention. She walks over and looks at Boscha's scroll. Her Penstagram feed has several people's posts showing off Willow, Luz, Gus, and the animated Owl House. Amity and Boscha share a look.
Amity says: "WHAT??"
Boscha says: "WHAT??"