Open the sun, panning down to show Luz, Eda, and King standing on a beach.
Eda says: "Well, Luz!"
Eda says: "Did you ever in your life think you'd see something as breathtaking as this?"
She gestures to the corpse of a trash slug that towers over them. It's surrounded by trash and muck. Flies audibly buzz around the corpse.
Luz says: "Please don't make me."
King says: "It's not every day you get to go to the dump and pick apart a garbage carcass."
Eda says: "Ah, nuts to you both."
Eda swings the pick at the trash slug.
Luz says: "So, Eda..."
Glass shatters.
Luz says: "What if we tried some new lessons for my apprenticeship?"
Luz says: "Like..."
Something crashes.
Eda says: "Ugh."
Eda says: "That sounds like a bunch of magic school stuff."
Luz says: "Wait."
Luz says: "Is there a magic school here?"
Luz says: "Like, winding towers, cute uniforms, dark plots that threaten your life kind of magic school?"
Eda says: "Mm‐hmm."
Eda says: "What's worse, they force you to learn magic the "proper" way."
Eda says: "But magic isn't proper."
Eda says: "It's wild and unpredictable."
Eda says: "And that's why it's so beautiful."
Eda says: "I didn't finish school, and look at me!"
Eda says: "Who wouldn't envy where I am right now?"
Flies are flying around the pile of trash Eda is currently standing in. Luz's expression falls.
Eda says: "Uh..."
Eda says: "Hey, here's a lesson."
Eda says: "like this."
Eda drags Luz's hand back and forth before letting go. Luz continues digging until she pulls something out.
Luz says: "Oh, hey."
Luz says: "Greasy slime ball."
Eda says: "Back at it!"
Eda says: "We'll hit the stink nodes first."
Luz says: "You little beach peach."
Eda says: "More for me, then."
She climbs into the trash slug, sending several things clattering.
Eda says: "There we go."
Eda says: "Okay."
She tosses out a cheese grater, an electric fan, and a tuba, the last of which lands on King's head.
King says: "Ow!"
Eda says: "This is awesome!"
THEME.
A monster that looks very distantly related to a butterfly flies across the woods, panting. Luz walks down the path, glaring at the slime ball.
Luz says: "Ugh!"
Luz says: "If magic's all about digging for slime balls, maybe I don't have the stomach for it."
Girl's voice says: "You can do it!"
Girl's voice says: "You can!"
Luz says: "No!"
Luz says: "Little witch girl."
Girl says: "Oh, no!"
Girl says: "Oh, little friend!"
Girl says: "I'm sorry!"
She kneels down and repeatedly traces a spell circle. The flower perks back up and fully blooms.
The girl's ear wiggles as something rumbles off screen. She turns as a wagon, being moved by magic, rolls to a stop in front of her, carrying a pot and a girl reading a book.
The flower that Willow just healed wilts.
Willow says: "Hi, Amity."
Amity says: "Uh, shouldn't you get to class early to prep your..."
Rattling cuts her off. They turn to Willow's pot as it spills, pouring out a purple substance and an eyeball that blinks and groans.
Amity says: "Oh, Willow."
Amity says: "You don't have anything to show, do you?"
Luz says: "Witch drama!"
Willow pulls up her hood as she blushes.
Amity says: "This is why people call you "Half‐a‐Witch Willow."
Amity says: "Oh, looks like someone wants to say something to you."
Amity says: "rise."
Her abomination rises, becoming more solid until it's humanoid in shape. It bends out of the pot to poke Willow's forehead, leaving behind mud in a star-shape.
Abomination says: "You're a..."
Abomination says: "star."
Amity says: "Aw."
Amity says: "It's like mine."
Amity says: "Even you could get a passing grade someday."
Amity says: "Abomination, cower."
It groans as it melts back into the pot. Amity replaces the pot lid and takes hold of the cart.
Amity says: "See you in class, superstar."
Amity walks away. Willow removes her hood. As Amity leaves, Luz sticks her tongue out at her.
Willow says: ""Oh, see you in class, superstar!"
Willow says: ""  I hate when she does that."
Luz flinches as she watches. Wind blows leaves around Willow as she rants.
Willow says: "I hate making abominations."
Willow says: "I hate getting bad grades."
Willow says: "Ugh!"
Willow says: "I can't stand this anymore."
The flower from earlier gets lost among giant thorny roots that burst out around it. They surround Willow, glowing and writhing angrily. One snakes out and grabs Luz by the ankle.
The root drops Luz on the ground a bit behind Willow, who turns and glares at her, her eyes still glowing. Cut back to the beach, where Eda is tying a sack to her staff as King watches.
Eda says: "Not a bad haul."
Eda says: "That oviduct was loaded."
King says: "Ah."
King says: "Lose apprentice, gain garbage eggs."
King says: "Fair trade."
Eda says: "I didn't lose anything."
King says: "If you don't teach Luz right, you will."
King says: "And that's when I come in, make her my apprentice."
Eda says: "Ha!"
Eda says: "And what would you teach?"
Eda says: "How to get stuck in the arm of a sweater?"
King says: "Hey, that only happened once!"
King says: "I'd teach her about demons."
King says: "How to identify them, talk to 'em, raise an army with them and tear apart the world!"
Eda says: "After they tear you out of the sweater arm, right?"
King says: "You think you're so smart!"
King says: "Well,  why don't we make a little bet where I can prove that I'd make a better teacher."
Eda says: "Okay."
Eda says: "that you've never won."
King says: "I like those odds."
Eda says: "So how's this?"
Eda says: "Teach this trash slug to be your loyal soldier in one day."
Eda says: "Prove that you can be a better teacher than me, and Luz is all yours."
Eda says: "But if you don't, I change your name from King to..."
Eda says: "Mr."
Eda says: "Wiggles."
King says: "Well, when you lose, you'll have to..."
King says: "wear a shame hat and sleep in a shack and never come into the Owl House again!"
King says: "Ha!"
Eda says: "Deal."
Eda tosses the egg at King's head, breaking it and leaving a baby trash slug between his horns. It slips down his skull, but King catches it. It coos at him.
Eda says: "Ha ha!"
Cut back to the forest, where Luz is watching in awe as the roots are still writing around Willow. She finally seems to snap out of it, leaning forward worriedly and letting the roots fall.
Willow says: "Oh, no, no, no, no, no!"
Willow says: "I'm so sorry!"
Luz says: "It's okay."
Luz says: "The thorns only went through a few layers of skin."
Willow gets very close to Luz, forcing her to lean back a bit.
Willow says: "So..."
Willow says: "circly."
Willow says: "A human on the Boiling Isles!"
Willow says: "How'd you get here?"
Willow says: "What are you doing here?"
Luz says: "Wait!"
Luz says: "I'm Luz."
Luz says: "And you're Willow, right?"
Luz says: "What you did with that flower and those plants, it was..."
Luz says: "wow."
Willow says: "Thanks, but..."
Willow says: "I'm not even supposed to be doing plant magic."
Willow says: "My parents put me in the abomination track at school."
Luz says: "Like, magic school?"
Willow nods.
Luz says: "That's so cool!"
Luz says: "I'm so jealous."
Luz says: "I have a teacher, but her lessons are a bit untraditional."
Luz says: "I bet she wouldn't even let me enroll."
Luz says: "But I wish I could spend one day there."
Willow says: "I wish I could get a passing grade for once."
Willow says: "Then people would stop calling me "Half‐a‐Witch Willow."
She kicks her spilled abomination, which groans.
Luz says: "Hey, wait."
Luz says: "I know how we can both get what we want."
Luz says: "Make me your abomination."
Luz says: "I'll get you a good grade, and you can get me into magic school."
Luz says: "It's fiendishly clever."
Willow says: "What?"
Luz says: "I saw that girl's thing."
Luz says: "It's just chunks of stuff that talks weird."
Luz says: "I'm chunks of stuff, and I talk weird!"
Willow says: "That's true."
Willow says: "Okay."
Willow says: "It's a deal."
Willow says: "Luz."
They shake hands.
Luz says: "This is a great plan."
They try to pull their hands apart, but the abomination goo on Luz's leaves them stuck together.
Willow says: "Oops."
Willow says: "Abomination goo."
Luz uses her foot to free them, but the force sends her splashing in the goo on the ground.
Luz says: "Great plan."
Willow perks up. Cut to the exterior of a school.
Willow says: "Welcome to Hexside School of Magic and Demonics."
Willow says: "Remember to stay hidden, okay?"
Luz, of inside Willow's abomination pot, squeals and giggles. Cut to the interior of Hexside. Willow stops at a locker, tickling it to make it open its mouth and give her her books. A shorter witch reading a magazine bumps into her.
Willow says: "Hmm?"
Gus says: "Willow, you would not believe humans."
Willow says: "Humans?"
Willow says: "Psh."
Willow says: "I haven't seen any."
Willow says: "What?"
Gus says: "Did you know that humans nail barbed wire to their kids' teeth?"
Gus says: "But why?"
Gus says: "Maybe to make them magnetic."
Luz says: "Actually, it's for storing treats."
Gus looks confused.
Willow says: "Okay, Augustus."
Willow says: "I'm gonna tell you something."
Willow says: "But you have to be cool."
Gus says: "I can be spool."
Gus says: "I mean, cool."
Willow says: "Okay."
Willow says: "Abomination, rise."
Luz says: "Ta‐da!"
Luz says: "I'm an abomination."
Willow says: "Luz, that's not how abominations act."
Gus says: "it couldn't be."
Willow says: "He's the president of the Human Appreciation Society."
Willow says: "Most witches wouldn't be able to recognize a human right away."
Willow says: "But Augustus is an expert."
Gus says: "Where are your gills?"
Luz says: "I knew an Augustus back in the human world."
Luz says: "We called him Gus."
Gus says: "Gus?"
Gus says: "Nickname?"
Gus says: "Human nickname?"
Gus says: "Gus?"
Gus says: "Call me it."
Gus says: "Wow."
Gus says: "Gus."
Gus says: "This is the best day of my life."
A bell screams.
Gus says: "I've gotta get to spelling class."
Gus says: "See you guys at lunch!"
Willow says: "All right."
Willow says: "Into the darkness you go."
Cut to the outside of the Owl House, where King is giving the baby trash slug a dog treat.
King says: "Aw."
King says: "Who's a good Prince, Jr."
King says: "?"
King says: "Who's a good guy?"
Eda says: "Hey, Mr."
Eda says: "Wiggles."
Eda says: "You're not gonna teach it anything doing that."
King says: "It's called positive reinforcement, Eda."
King says: "And it works wonders."
Prince Jr. eats the treat King was dangling in front of it and doubles in size.
King says: "Ha ha!"
King says: "See?"
King says: "Now watch this."
King says: "Prince, Jr."
King says: "!"
King says: "Attack Eda!"
King says: "Knock over her drink!"
King says: "Mess up her hair!"
Eda says: "Oh, no."
Eda says: "Please stop."
King says: "Well, I haven't seen your student in forever."
King says: "For all we know, she's not even loyal to you anymore."
Eda says: "Ha-ha-ha, you wish."
Eda says: "But yeah."
Eda says: "Where is she?"
Cut to Abomination 101.
Male student says: "Hope I pass."
Female student says: "I'm confident about this."
Female student with ram horns stands at the front of the room with an abomination with eight feet sticking out of it in various places.
Abomination Teacher says: "Hmm."
Abomination Teacher says: "Too many toenails in unexpected places."
Abomination Teacher says: "Fail."
Abomination Teacher says: "Pathetic!"
The abomination and the student deflate. She wheels her abomination off the platform at the front of the room.
Abomination Teacher says: "The biggest abominations are all of you!"
Abomination Teacher says: "If the next abomination is a failure, everyone gets extra homework for a month!"
Male student says: "Extra homework?"
Male student says: "Not again!"
Abomination Teacher says: "And the next one to come up is..."
Amity says: "Excuse me, sir, but I am ready to present my abomination."
Amity says: "Rise!"
It rises from the pot, groaning, and poses.
Abomination Teacher says: "I've always saved the best for last, Amity."
Abomination Teacher says: "You'll have to wait your turn."
Abomination Teacher says: "How about..."
Abomination Teacher says: "Willow."
Male student says: "Not Half‐a‐Witch."
Female student says: "Great."
Female student says: "Homework for a month."
Luz says: "Don't listen to them, Willow."
Luz says: "We can do this."
Willow gives her a small smile and nods. She wheels her pot to the front of the room and sets it down nervously.
Willow says: "Uh..."
Willow says: "Abomination, rise."
Luz says: "Ta‐da!"
Willow says: "Abomination, bow."
Luz says: "Blah!"
Abomination Teacher says: "Very impressive."
Abomination Teacher says: "But does it speak?"
Luz says: "Uh, I may be your abomination, but you're my a‐mom‐ination."
Students says: "Aw!"
Abomination Teacher says: ""A‐mom‐ination!"
Abomination Teacher says: "" Splendid wordplay."
Abomination Teacher says: "A plus!"
The bell screams, coughs. Students leave the room.
Abomination Teacher says: "Wonderful work today, Willow."
Abomination Teacher says: "Looks like we have a new top student."
Amity, who was leaving the room, gasps and drops her books as she stops. The Abomination Teacher takes her top student badge.
Amity says: "But..."
The Abomination Teacher pins the badge to Willow's cowl.
Willow says: "Uh‐‐ Thank you, sir."
He nods and his abomination carries him away. Willow turns to leave, but Amity is standing in front of her.
Amity says: "Hey."
Amity says: "Last time I saw you, your abomination was mush."
Amity says: "What did you do?"
Willow says: "I, uh, took your pep talk to heart, Amity."
Amity says: "I bet you did."
Amity says: "I've got my eyes on you, Half‐a‐Witch."
Amity says: "That badge is mine."
Student says: "Hey!"
Willow says: "Uh‐oh."
Willow says: "I think Amity is onto us."
Cut to the front door of the Owl House, which is slammed open by Eda.
Hooty says: "OW!"
Eda says: "Have you seen Luz?"
Hooty says: "I heard her tiny mouse feet walking close by."
Hooty says: "Or that might've been some mice."
Hooty says: "Anyway, someone started moving in that direction."
Hooty says: "Hoo, hoo‐hoo, hoo."
Eda says: "Are you trying to point, or--?"
Hooty says: "Look at the weather vane!"
She does.
Eda says: "But the only thing that way is the..."
Eda says: "No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no!"
She reaches Hexside and looks into various windows. The first is a kindergarten classroom.
Teacher #1 says: "Okay, everyone."
Teacher #1 says: "Recite your runes."
Eda says: "No."
Eda says: "Blind obedience."
The next classroom has several older students writing at desks while a snake-like teacher speaks.
Teacher #2 says: "Heximal system time!"
Teacher #2 says: "Let's get memorizin'!"
Eda says: "No!"
Eda says: "Pointless busywork!"
Luz, still covered in abomination goo, is in the last classroom, writing along with the rest of the class.
Eda says: "No!"
Eda says: "Why!"
Eda says: "School!"
Cut to the cafeteria, where Luz, back in the pot, is sitting at the end of a table with Willow and Gus.
Gus says: "Hey."
Gus says: "Do humans eat PB&J's?"
Luz says: "Oh my gosh I haven't eaten real food in so long please give me some."
Gus breaks the PB&J in half and gives Luz one. She takes the whole thing in her mouth and sinks back into the pot.
Willow says: "I don't know, Gus."
Willow says: "If Amity saw that..."
Abomination Teacher says: "Amity Blight."
Amity says: "Huh?"
Abomination Teacher says: "I suspected a twinge of jealousy, but this, this is just sad."
Amity says: "But I‐‐ No!"
Amity says: "Look at it."
Abomination Teacher says: "Report to Principal Bump's office."
Abomination Teacher says: "Now!"
Amity drops Luz and runs off. As the Abomination Teacher leaves, Luz pops back out, sharing a concerned look with Willow.
Cut to the outside of the Owl House, where King is tossing handfuls of dog treats to Prince Jr.
King says: "Roll over!"
King says: "Yes!"
King says: "Heel!"
Prince Jr. did neither command, focused only on the treats. He now towers over King.
King says: "Yes, yes!"
Prince Jr. roars.
King says: "So, did you find your runaway student?"
King says: "By your expression, I can tell Luz has gone and found herself someplace else to learn."
King says: "Which means I have won!"
Prince Jr. roars as he catches more treats.
Eda says: "Yes, great, you won."
King throws a handful of treats to the side. Prince Jr. chases them.
Eda says: "You have a giant soldier thing and I have nothing."
Eda says: "Congrats!"
King says: "Oh, Eda."
King says: "Don't say that."
King says: "At least you have this!"
Eda says: "Ugh."
King says: "I am so funny!"
King says: "Ah, well, Prince, Jr."
King says: "training complete."
King says: "Go forth!"
King says: "Make the world tremble at your feet‐‐ or worm stubs."
Prince Jr. doesn't move.
King says: "Go forth?"
King says: "Oh."
King says: "Right."
He picks up the dog treat box and shakes it, but it's empty. Prince Jr. moves closer, growling.
King says: "Ah!"
Cut to a classroom, where Luz is standing out of the pot.
Luz says: "Whoo!"
Luz says: "I'm a sweaty little abomination."
Luz says: "But now we don't have to worry about Amity."
Luz says: "High five!"
Willow and Gus stare at her hand, then share a confused look. Gus shrugs.
Luz says: "Slap my hand."
Luz says: "It's a human thing."
Gus hesitantly gives her a high five. Then he does it several more times with growing confidence.
Gus says: "Oh."
Gus says: "Oh, my."
Gus says: "Oh, man, what a rush!"
The classroom door opens, revealing Amity. She smirks and steps aside, allowing Principal Bump to enter the room.
Principal Bump says: "Good afternoon, students."
Willow says: "Principal Bump."
Luz drops, pretending to be an abomination. Principal Bump steps closer to her. Willow and Gus back off as he kneels down, turning her head.
Principal Bump says: "Hmm."
Principal Bump says: "Abomination, rise."
She does, looking nervous.
Principal Bump says: "Abomination, lie."
Luz says: "Uh, viral fame is a worthy pursuit."
Luz says: "Your cat would never eat you if it got the chance."
Principal Bump says: "Oh, no, abomination."
Principal Bump says: "How strange for it to get the command wrong."
Principal Bump says: "I mean lie down."
Principal Bump says: "So very lifelike."
Principal Bump says: "When Miss Blight told me about your abomination, I had to come by, see what she's made of."
Willow says: "Oh, I have her list of ingredients right here."
Principal Bump says: "No."
Principal Bump says: "We were hoping..."
Principal Bump says: "for a closer look."
Principal Bump says: "Willow, I'll allow you the first cut."
Willow takes the offered dagger and smiles at him nervously. She steps closer to Luz.
Willow says: "Uh, you can't just cut open a human, can you?"
Principal Bump says: "Willow, go ahead and make the first incision."
Gus says: "Wait, Principal Bump!"
Gus says: "Uh, high five!"
Gus knocks over three abomination pots. The goo spills together, and the formed abominations stand.
Gus says: "Run!"
Willow and Luz run.
Amity says: "They're getting away!"
Principal Bump says: "No, the intruder won't get far."
He approaches a wall and traces a large spell circle, then slams the wall in the center of it. Red light forms patterns on the walls and floor, spreading from the spell circle. Cut to Willow and Luz running through the halls, both panting as they stop at a corner.
Luz says: "This is all my fault, Willow."
Luz says: "I just wanted to see what a real magic school was like."
Willow says: "Well, how do you like it?"
Luz says: "It's lovely, actually."
The red light patterns converge on the walls. When they reach a doorway, a red shield blocks it off. Several more doorways are blocked off, the patterns taking over the school.
Willow says: "..."
Willow says: "Bump seals us in."
Cut to the inside of the Owl House's shack, where Eda is sulking in the shame hat. She looks up at King's voice.
King says: "Help me, help me, help me!"
He runs in and slams the door, then dives into Eda's arms, whimpering. The door shudders under Prince Jr.'s attacks.
Eda says: "Trouble with your student?"
King says: "Yes, yes!"
Eda says: "Are you sure you need my help?"
Eda says: "Maybe he only wants more of your brilliant lessons."
The door shatters as Prince Jr. bursts through and roars. He grabs King by the tail and drags him out of Eda's arms.
King says: "Please help me!"
King says: "You can call me Mr."
King says: "Wiggles!"
Eda stands, removing the shame hat and grabbing her staff. She smacks Prince Jr. in the face with the butt of her staff, making it release King. Prince Jr. retreats as King clings to Eda's leg.
Eda says: "Okay, Mr."
Eda says: "Wiggles."
Eda says: "Here's what we're gonna do."
Cut to Hexside. Willow and Luz reach the central atrium, but doorways are still being sealed off. Shadows fall over them. They turn and gasp. Bump is there, directing abominations toward them. They run a bit and hide behind a pillar.
Willow says: "Oh, this is awful."
Willow says: "I don't know what to do."
Willow says: "Amity's right."
Willow says: "I'm just Half‐a‐Witch Willow."
Luz says: "You're Full‐Witch Willow."
Luz says: "And you're great."
Luz says: "And someone once told me great witches are resourceful."
Willow says: "That's it!"
Luz says: "You mean that greasy slime ball?"
Willow says: "Luz, it's a seed!"
Willow says: "Thank goodness you had it on you."
Luz says: "Yeah."
Luz says: "Thank goodness someone told me to hold on to it."
Willow says: "Please grow!"
Thorny vines grow from the seed, reaching to the ceiling. They stab through abominations and eventually target Principal Bump, sending him to the ceiling and pinning him there.
Vines now cover the entire atrium, curled around pillars and reaching from the bottom most floor to the absolute ceiling. Pink petals fall from above, and several of the vines have flowers on them.
Principal Bump says: "Remarkable."
The lights sealing off the hallways fades.
Luz says: "There's the exit!"
Willow puts the seed on the floor and follows Luz to the exit.
Amity says: "Not so fast!"
Amity says: "I'm not letting you get away so easily."
Amity says: "I want my badge!"
Amity says: "Abominations, seize!"
An abomination comes from behind them. Luz punches it through the chest, then takes Willow's wrist and runs. Amity reforms the abomination and sends it after them again. Luz and Willow now seem to have a clear path to freedom, but another abomination forms in front of them.
Luz says: "Whoa!"
The abomination staggers forward. Willow traces out a large spell circle, causing vines to trap the abomination.
Willow says: "Get outta here!"
Luz says: "No!"
Luz says: "I'm not leaving you."
Willow says: "I may get detention, but you'll get dissected."
The abominations from before melt through the vines, reforming and staggering toward the girls.
Willow says: "So go!"
She waves a hand, summoning two vines to carry Luz over the abomination and out the door. The door slams after the vines retreat.
Luz says: "Willow!"
Cut to Eda fighting Prince Jr. It spits lava at her, which she easily dodges. She smacks it in the face with her staff, twice. It backs her toward the front door. Meanwhile, King is pushing a barrel on the roof.
Eda says: "Pour the salt, now!"
King says: "Baby boy!"
Prince Jr. looks up at King, whimpering. Then it roars.
King says: "I have no son."
King says: "Eat salt!"
He shoves the entire barrel full of salt into Prince Jr.'s mouth. It shivers and makes noises of protest, before shrinking back to its original size. It whimpers as it runs off.
King says: "Yes, I did it!"
King says: "I'm amazing!"
King says: "Ahh!"
Eda catches him.
King says: "You helped too."
King says: "You are a good teacher."
Eda says: "I wish Luz thought that too."
Luz says: "Eda!"
Eda says: "Hey, hey, hey, hey!"
Eda says: "What is this?"
Eda says: "Ugh!"
Eda says: "I never understand when you do this."
Luz says: "Your lesson worked!"
Luz says: "Keeping junk in my pocket saved my life!"
Luz says: "But wait."
Luz says: "My new friends."
Luz says: "They're in danger."
Willow says: "Luz!"
Willow and Gus hug Luz, who happily returns it.
Eda says: "Seriously, what is that?"
Willow says: "You won't believe it, Luz."
Willow says: "Everything is perfect now!"
Luz says: "It's true."
Luz says: "I don't believe it."
Willow says: "Principal Bump was so impressed by my plant work he's switching me to the plant magic track!"
Willow says: "Look!"
She backs away and snaps her fingers. With a glow of green magic and a twirl, her sleeves and leggings go from magenta to green.
Luz says: "Yes!"
Luz says: "Whoo!"
Luz says: "Oh."
Luz says: "What about Amity?"
Gus says: "Last we saw, she was asking Bump if today could count as extra credit."
Luz says: "Well, I can't wait to see you in action next time I sneak in."
Gus says: "Uh, about that."
Gus says: "You're kinda, sorta..."
Gus says: "banned."
He pulls out and unfurls a poster reading "BANNED" with a picture of Luz covered in abomination goo under it.
Eda says: "That's my girl!"
Willow says: "But we could come here and teach you what we learned."
Luz says: "Aw."
Luz says: "That would be nice."
Luz says: "But..."
Luz says: "I have a pretty great teacher already."
Eda says: "Yeah, that's right."
Eda says: "Luz is my student."
Eda says: "Back off, academy twerps."
Eda says: "Ah, baby's first wanted poster."
Eda says: "Good job, kid."
Eda says: "Looks like I taught you something after all."
Gus says: "Uh, you high five with your hands, not your head."