Open on the Owl House living room, where Luz is reading from The Good Witch Azura 5 to King.
Luz says: "" 'Azura,' Hecate began."
Luz says: "'Our paths have crossed only in battle."
Luz says: "But today I stand before you seeking an ally."
King says: "Luz, you're getting all swoony again."
Luz says: "I can't help it."
Luz says: "Azura is able to befriend everyone."
Luz says: "Even her biggest rival."
Luz says: "I wish I had that kind of power."
King says: "Rivals are meant to be annihilated not befriended."
King says: "Now keep reading."
King says: "I've been sucked into your awful fandom."
Luz says: "Okay."
Luz says: ""Suddenly the door swung open."
Hooty says: "Ding‐dong."
Hooty says: "Ding."
Hooty says: "Hoot!"
Hooty says: "Hoot!"
King says: "The book has come to life!"
King says: "Burn it!"
Luz goes to the door and finds a basket.
Luz says: "Hmm?"
Cut to the kitchen.
Luz says: "Eda, you got a package."
Luz says: "It looks like a gift basket."
Eda says: "Probably an offering."
Eda says: "Ah!"
Eda says: "Being the most powerful witch in the Boiling Isles has its perks."
King, a bib now tied on, grunts as he pulls a blanket off the top of the basket, revealing a snoring baby bat.
King says: "Mm."
King says: "Fresh meat."
Luz says: "No, not eating that."
Eda says: "Witches eating babies is so 1693."
Eda says: "What is this?"
King says: "There's a note."
King says: ""Take care of my child till morning."
King says: "Yi Yi."
Eda says: "Nope."
Eda says: "Babies are awful."
Eda says: "Not happening."
King says: ""You will be handsomely rewarded."
King says: "X‐O‐X‐O‐X‐O‐X."
King says: "Bat Queen."
Eda says: "Bat Queen?"
King pulls a few snails out of the basket. Eda's eyes widen.
Eda says: "Reward?"
Luz says: "Who's the Bat Queen?"
King sniffs the snails.
Eda says: "She's the wealthiest demon on the Boiling Isles."
Eda says: "Get in with her and you're set for life."
Eda says: "So, we keep this thing alive for a few hours and we get paid."
Eda says: "Pfft."
Eda says: "Easy."
Luz says: "Our greatest adventure yet!"
Luz says: "Learning about love and life through a child's eyes."
Eda says: "Not you."
Eda says: "You have to return the books I checked out from the library."
Eda summons a pile of books, which Luz catches.
Eda says: "I don't want her getting a cut of the loot."
King says: "Good thinking."
Eda says: "Now, let's take a look at this little darling."
Eda says: "Argh!"
King says: "Oh, boy."
Eda says: "On second thought maybe we could use your help!"
Luz says: "Well, I better get to the library!"
Luz says: "Got to go!"
Luz says: "Bye!"
Eda says: "We got this, right?"
The baby bat flies out of the basket and into Eda's face.
Eda says: "Whoa!"
THEME.
Cut to the streets of Bonesborough, where Luz is struggling to walk with her load. She passes Tiny Nose, carrying a book as big as Luz.
Luz says: "Huh?"
Luz says: "Whoa."
Watches Tiny Nose pass, nearly drops her books. She catches them and continues on for a few steps until she sees the library across the street.
Luz says: "Whoa!"
Cut to the inside of the library as she enters. The book pile glows green and begins floating forward.
Luz says: "Huh?"
Each book flies through a red spell circle.
Librarian #1 says: "Late."
Librarian #1 says: "Late."
Librarian #1 says: "Coffee, grass and bloodstains?"
Librarian #1 says: "These are Eda's, aren't they?"
Luz says: "Huh."
Luz says: "That was a crazy night."
Librarian #1 says: "By the way, we're closing early for the Wailing Star meteor shower."
Gestures to a framed picture of the Wailing Star.
Luz says: "Ooh."
Luz says: "What's that?"
Librarian #1 says: "You're in a library."
Librarian #1 says: "Read a book."
His scroll rolls up and disappears.
Luz says: "I am in a library."
Luz says: "I will read a book."
Librarian #1 says: "Shh!"
Cut to a banner reading "Demon Decimal System DO NOT FEED." Luz rounds the corner and walks up to the growling card catalogues, feeding one a gumball.
Luz says: "Bloop."
It gladly chews it for a few seconds before barfing up notecards. Cut to a study area, where several Hexisde students are reading. Luz, standing on the balcony above them, grabs onto one of the dozens of books flying around.
Luz says: "Wow!"
People says: "Shh!"
Luz says: "Sorry!"
Cut to the reference section, where witches are watching things on crystal balls. One is watching a "HOW TO FLY" video, another is watching a piano cat parody, and a third is stuck on a loading screen, dial-up internet noises emitting from it. The last witch slaps the crystal ball a few times. Luz is watching them from around a bookshelf.
Luz says: "This place is amazing."
Amity says: "" 'What do you think you're doing?"
Luz says: "Wait."
Amity is reading to a group of baby-class students.
Amity says: "" 'We're you're friends and we wanna help,' said the Tin Boy with a yelp."
Amity says: "Otabin smiled and paced the floor."
Amity says: "'I've never had real friends before."
Luz says: "Amity reading to kids?"
Luz sneaks into the kid's corner as Amity reads.
Amity says: "" 'Then we'll be your first,' the Chicken Witch clucked."
Amity says: "Otabin couldn't believe his luck."
Amity says: "So, Bookmaker Otabin surrounded by friends, bound a book of friendship and that's the end."
She closes the book to applause from the kids.
Luz says: "Amity seems so..."
Luz says: "nice and smiley."
Kid #1 says: "Thank you so much."
Kid #2 says: "Good‐bye."
Braxas says: "Good‐bye, Miss Amity."
Braxas says: "Thank you."
Amity says: "Thank you, Braxas."
Amity says: "See you next time."
Braxas says: "Yay!"
Amity watches him go. She quickly looks to the side, then does a double take at Luz hiding under a book. Amity's normal attitude returns.
Amity says: "Ugh!"
Amity says: "You."
Luz says: "Amity..."
Luz says: "Whoop."
Luz says: "Reading to kids."
Luz says: "Wow."
Luz says: "Looks like this sour lemon drop has a hidden sweet center."
Amity says: "It's for extra credit."
Luz says: "monster voice."
Amity says: "Okay, I don't really know what you do there, but every time you come near me, I get in trouble."
Amity says: "Just leave me alone."
Luz says: "I'm sorry."
Luz says: "I'm sorry."
Luz walks away. Amity starts to raise her hand to stop her, but doesn't.
Luz says: "So much for befriending rivals."
Edric says: "You gonna let her get to you like that?"
Luz looks over and sees Edric and Emira. They walk up to her, Edric holding a rabbit lunch bag.
Luz says: "Who are you?"
Edric says: "Well‐wishers on a mission."
Emira says: "A noble quest."
Edric says: "Watch this."
Edric says: "Hey, Mittens."
Edric says: "Mom says stop forgetting your lunch."
Edric says: "And stop being a jerk to your friend."
Amity says: "She is not my friend."
Luz looks down at the floor, but looks back up when Emira puts an arm around her.
Emira says: "Yeah, makes sense."
Emira says: "She seems too cool for you."
Luz says: "I am?"
Amity says: "You can leave now."
Amity says: "All of you."
Edric winks at Luz.
Cut to the three of them walking around.
Edric says: "So, you're the human we've heard so much about."
Emira says: "I'm Emira."
Emira says: "And this is Edric."
Emira says: "We're Amity's older siblings."
Emira says: "We heard how you embarrassed her at the school and at the witch covention last week."
Emira says: "No wonder she hates you."
Luz says: "I know."
Luz says: "But I didn't mean any of it."
Luz says: "I thought we were as cool as cucumbers."
Luz says: "But we're as sour as pickles."
Emira says: "Don't waste your time with Mittens."
Emira says: "Me and Ed, we're way more fun."
Emira says: "Follow us."
The three of them walk off, Luz looking down at where Emira is holding her wrist. Cut to a sign reading "<- FICTION  NON-FICTION->". Edric wipes away the "NON" and hides as a second librarian walks up, leading patrons.
Librarian #2 says: "And here we go towards our nonfiction section."
Cut to where Librarian #1 is reading while shelving books. As he puts one on the shelf, it glows blue and flies back onto the reshelving cart. This happens several times before Emira is revealed to be doing it, her, Edric, and Luz all laughing. Edric switches the places of the two librarians.
Librarian #2 says: "Huh?"
Librarian #2 says: "No!"
Librarian #2 says: "Not again!"
The first librarian falls off a ladder. Cut to Edric holding up a dusty book. He blows the dust at the demon decimal system, which all sneeze, showering the area with notecards.
Luz says: "Whoo!"
They all laugh as Luz dances and the twins high five.
Amity says: "Hey!"
Amity is standing next to the first librarian, both of them with their arms crossed. He looks around.
Librarian #1 says: "Wait."
Librarian #1 says: "Where's Gary?"
Cut to the front entrance, where Luz and the twins are shoved out.
All says: "Whoa!"
Librarian #1 says: "You've made reading far too fun."
Librarian #1 says: "Now, stay out."
The door slams shut. The three of them look at it for a second before laughing. Emira punches Luz's shoulder.
Luz says: "Amity's even madder at me now."
Luz says: "I didn't think that was possible."
Edric says: "No, when Mittens gets mad, she looks like this."
Edric says: "Whoa, I almost passed out."
Emira says: "You're pretty fun, human."
She and Edric nod at each other.
Emira says: "So, hey, we're coming back tonight."
Emira says: "There's a certain book we forgot to..."
Emira says: "check out."
Edric says: "And bonus, rumor has it the Wailing Star's supposed to unlock some rare magical event."
Edric says: "You in, friend?"
Luz says: "Sure."
Edric says: "Great."
Edric says: "Meet back here at midnight."
Edric says: "See you, Luz."
The twins leave. Luz waves at them.
Luz says: "Bye."
Luz says: "This is great."
Luz says: "First I befriend the siblings then I befriend the Amity."
Amity is standing around the corner, likely having seen the whole thing. She holds her breath until her face turns red.
Amity says: "Phew!"
Amity says: "Almost passed out."
Cut to the Owl House living room, where the baby bat is crying. King has pillows tied to his head and Eda has both her hands detached and plugging her ears while her arms are crossed.
King says: "It's been hours."
King says: "How can it keep screaming?"
Eda says: "Ugh."
Eda says: "I hate it too, pip‐squeak."
Eda says: "But think about the money."
The crying continues. Three glass bottles shatter. The glass covering Eda's wanted poster cracks.
King says: "No amount of snails is worth this torture."
King says: "Make it stop."
Eda says: "I can't believe I'm about to do this."
She picks the bat up. It immediately stops crying. King and Eda both look at it in disbelief.
Eda says: "Rock, rock."
Eda says: "Maternal gesture."
Luz enters the house.
Luz says: "I just had the best day."
Luz says: "Cool teens like me."
Luz says: "Call me a library book 'cause they were checking me out."
She looks over at the couch.
Luz says: "Aw, Eda, you look so motherly."
Eda says: "Say that again and I steal your tongue."
Luz says: "Aw."
Luz says: "How can you say that around this cute little baby?"
Luz repeatedly pokes the baby bat. It wakes up and barfs out a smaller version of itself, as does that version. They all chirp and flap their wings.
Luz says: "Whoa!"
The bats fly upwards, still chirping. One of them breathes fire. Eda, King, and Luz all scream and run away from the couch, which is the unfortunate target. Luz runs for the door.
Luz says: "Parenting sure looks rewarding."
Luz says: "E‐Enjoy your life lessons."
Luz says: "Bye."
She closes the door as she leaves. The bats fly around, knocking things off shelves and causing mayhem. Eda is holding King.
King says: "Uh, for, for the money?"
Eda says: "For the money."
She ducks out of the way of a green liquid that splashes the wall. Cut to the library that night, crickets chirping. Luz is pacing next to a pillar.
Luz says: "Gotta be cool."
Emira says: "Keep going."
Luz says: "Huh?"
Emira says: "This is fun to watch."
Edric says: "You ready to bring this whole, uh, whatever you're doing, inside?"
Luz says: "Mm‐hmm‐mm‐hmm."
They all approach the door.
Edric says: "It says no trespassing but I'm allergic to the rules."
Emira says: "And dairy."
Edric says: "Wow, okay."
Edric says: "Just expose me."
The paper glows. Emira puts it against the lock on the door. The paper crumbles.
Luz says: "Wow!"
The lock grows until it's large enough for them to walk through.
Edric says: "Come on."
The lock shrinks back down once they all enter. Cut to inside.
Luz says: "Standing in a dimly lit lobby."
Luz says: "You guys know how to party."
Edric says: "There."
Edric says: "The Wailing Star!"
The Wailing Star sobs as it passes the stained glass window.
Luz says: "Whoa."
The three of them look around for several seconds as the books slowly begin glowing green.
Edric says: "Hmm."
Edric says: "Nothing happened."
Luz says: "Wait."
Luz says: "The books are all glowy."
She opens the book. Almost immediately, something screeches as the birds in the book come to life. They fly around the lobby.
Emira says: "Wow!"
Edric says: "Wow."
Edric says: "The Wailing Star magicked the books to life."
Luz, still watching the birds, closes the book. The birds disappear. The three of them share a look, and then grins.
Cut to a magazine stand. Edric opens "Regal Couture," which dresses him and Emira in fancy clothing. A peacock flies out of it. Luz grabs "Witch Wares Weekly" and gets a giant sword, among other things. Luz yelps as she falls over.
Cut to the three of them standing next to the graphic novel section. Luz opens one.
Luz says: "Nothing happened."
Her words appear in a dialogue bubble. They all gasp when it appears, the twins taking steps back.
Edric says: "Wow!"
Emira says: "Wow!"
That too comes out in a word bubble. Both pop when Luz closes the book, a "THUMP" sound bubble appearing as she does.
Cut to Luz holding "Snowballs, a History." She looks around a corner and sees Edric, holding the same book.
Luz says: "Ha!"
She opens the book, pelting Edric with snowballs.
Edric says: "Ah!"
Luz says: "Ah!"
She's safe for a second before Emira appears, opening yet another copy of "Snowballs, a History" directly in Luz's face.
Edric and Emira laugh as they run past the kid's corner. Luz stands from where she was hiding behind a shelf and notices "Otabin the Bookmaker," the book Amity had read to the kids, glowing on the table. She picks it up and opens it, and Otabin rises out of the pages. She smiles at him.
Cut to the Owl House, where a baby bat is holding a mace in its claws as it flies. Another pours a green potion out on the floor. A third is jumping on the turned-over couch, under which Eda and King are hiding. The first bat is now wearing another pair of Eda's shoes.
King says: "What silences children?"
Eda says: "That's insane."
Eda says: "Aah, there's only one way out of this."
Eda says: "All right, brats."
Eda says: "Let's do this."
Eda says: "Ugh."
Eda says: "Being parental is making me sick."
The baby bats all sit on the floor. King joins them, holding the plate of apple slices. His pupils dilate as Eda opens the book and begins reading.
Eda says: ""Otabin spend his days alone amongst the many books he'd sewn."
Eda says: "With needle and thread..."
Fade to Luz reading in the library.
Luz says: ""..."
Luz says: "the pages he mend."
Luz says: "But all the while he longed for a friend."
Otabin says: "Friend?"
Edric says: "Luz, check this out."
Emira says: "Look what we discovered."
Emira opens a book called "Quacks Eats Snacks." A duck swims out of the pages and around the floor, quacking happily.
Luz says: "Aw."
Luz says: "Cute little quackster."
Emira holds the book out to Edric, who has a pencil. He draws legs on the duck in the book. In the real world, the duck now has matching giant human legs. It quacks hysterically.
Emira says: "Now he's extra cute."
Emira says: "Your turn, Luz."
Luz says: "I don't know."
Edric says: "Come on."
Edric says: "Don't stop the fun."
Luz takes the pencil hesitantly and opens "Otabin." She looks at the drawing of him on the page.
Luz says: "I can't do it."
Edric says: "Let me help."
Edric grabs Luz's hand and draws angry eyebrows and claws on Otabin. Something starts to rise out of the pages, but Luz slams it closed.
Luz says: "I don't wanna see it."
Emira says: "Whatever."
Emira says: "We didn't come here just to doodle."
Emira says: "Come on."
Emira takes Luz's hand and leads the way. Luz drops the book face down. A clawed hand grows out of the book, and whatever it is growls.
Cut to the romance section.
Luz says: "Oh, wow."
Luz says: "Boiling Isles romance."
Luz says: "That's totally lame."
Luz says: "I mean, unless you guys are into it?"
Edric says: "I think I'm into this one."
Pulls a book titled "The Lone Witch & Secret Room." Something clicks. The bookshelf sinks back and slides away, revealing a secret room.
Luz says: "Wow!"
Luz says: "That's a good book."
Luz enters the room as the twins lean against the entrance.
Luz says: "Your clubhouse is like my ultimate secret hideaway."
Edric says: "We don't hang out in a library."
Edric says: ""Uh, teacher, I'm in love with a dictionary."
Emira says: ""I'm studying the dork arts."
Emira says: "" This is Amity's secret hideaway."
Luz looks worried.
Edric says: "Mittens has gotten too..."
Edric says: "full of herself."
Edric says: "She keeps tattling on us when we cut class."
Emira says: "She needs to learn not to mess with people like that."
Emira says: "So, we're going to find her diary."
Edric says: "And then post the pages all around school for everyone to see."
Luz says: "What?"
Luz says: "Isn't that taking it a bit too far?"
Emira says: "No."
Emira says: "See, we're her family."
Emira says: "It's tough love."
Emira says: "She needs to learn to lighten up."
The twins start to look around.
Luz says: "Hmm."
Luz says: "Well, I‐‐ I don't see any diaries in here."
Luz says: "Is this cover hand‐drawn?"
The cover is of Amity dressed as Azura. Luz opens it, and a small version of Amity rises from the pages.
Amity's Diary says: "I saw that..."
Amity's Diary says: "human girl again."
Luz says: "The diary."
Amity's Diary says: "I may have overreacted."
Amity's Diary says: "I don't wanna come off as cruel."
Amity's Diary says: "I just can't show weakness."
Luz says: "No."
Edric says: "What've you got there, Luz?"
Luz says: "Oh."
Luz says: "N‐Nothing."
Luz says: "Just a Good Witch Azura 5 where she goes through her Goth phase."
The diary glows blue and flies out of her hands.
Luz says: "Huh?"
Luz says: "No, wait."
Emira catches the diary and hands it to Edric, who opens it.
Amity's Diary says: "It's not fair."
Amity's Diary says: "I'm the only one who knows Ed and Em aren't perfect."
Amity's Diary says: "Why do they keep getting away with things?"
Edric says: "This is it."
Emira says: "Luz, were you hiding this from us?"
Edric says: "You see how she treats people."
Edric says: "How she treats you."
Luz says: "I know Amity can be kind of cold but no one deserves this."
Luz says: "These are private thoughts."
Luz says: "Let's put it back."
Luz grabs the diary and pulls, but Edric doesn't let go. They both pull at it, Emira tugging Edric's waist.
Edric says: "She needs this."
Emira says: "It's for her own good."
Pages spill onto the floor, and Luz looks at them in concern.
Amity's Diary says: ""I wish I had somewhere to go."
Amity's Diary says: "" "Why won't the human leave me alone?"
Amity's Diary says: "" "Called my teacher mom again."
Amity's Diary says: "" "Sorry I haven't written for a while."
Amity's Diary says: "Wait, why am I apologizing?"
The pages repeat themselves as Luz hurries to pick them all back up. Amity approaches the doorway as she is collecting them.
Amity says: "Really?"
Luz says: "Argh."
Luz says: "It's not what it looks like."
Luz says: "Amity!"
Emira says: "Mittens killed the fun."
Edric says: "Again."
Edric says: "Oh, well."
Edric says: "We're headed out to go goblin‐tipping."
Edric says: "Wanna come?"
Luz says: "You're just gonna leave?"
Emira says: "Yeah, with you."
Emira grabs Luz's wrist again. This time, she tugs her hand back.
Luz Look, you guys are cool.
Edric says: "Mm‐hmm."
Emira says: "Mm‐hmm."
Luz says: "But I need to go talk to Mittens."
Luz says: "I mean, Amity."
Emira says: "All right."
Emira says: "See you around, cutie."
Her and Edric leave. Luz blushes, then runs off after Amity. Cut to a random aisle of books, where Amity is walking.
Luz says: "Amity, wait."
Amity says: "First you embarrass me."
Amity says: "Then you wanna be my friend?"
Amity says: "I don't get you."
Amity says: "Pick a side."
Luz says: "Please, just listen to me."
Amity says: "Just go away before things somehow get worse."
Luz says: "Huh?"
The monstrous form of Otabin created by Edric's drawing snarls as it steps into the aisle. His heart beats loudly, his book pulsing with it.
Amity says: "Otabin?"
Otabin says: "With claws and fangs and breaking bones, I found a friend to make my own."
Luz says: "Amity!"
Amity says: "Luz!"
Luz says: "Amity."
Luz says: "Huh?"
Looks down at Amity's diary. Cut to Amity getting slammed against a giant book.
Otabin is holding a large needle, threaded with a giant ball of thread. He raises the needle and lowers it in Amity's direction.
He sews her arm into the book.
Amity says: "Huh?"
Amity says: "Why are you doing this?"
Amity says: "I've been reading you since I was a kid."
Amity says: "I know you're not like this."
Amity says: "Someone changed you."
Otabin says: "But friends are what I've always sought."
Otabin says: "And now a friend my claws have caught."
A rumbling attracts both their attentions. A purple cloud rolls in, a figure in white robes and hat landing with it. The cloud blinds Otabin for a moment.
Amity says: "Azura?"
Luz says: "Is a drawn okay?"
Luz says: "I kind of interpreted the descriptions."
Amity says: "Luz!"
Luz says: "Ah, right."
Luz says: "All right, beloved work of children's fiction."
Luz says: "Let go of her."
She runs at Otabin, yelling and grunting while swinging the staff around theatrically. Otabin catches the staff before she even gets close enough to hit him and throws it behind him. He grabs the diary and gently closes it. Luz's Azura costume disappears.
Luz says: "Not an Azura fan, are you?"
Luz grunts as she's slammed into the page opposite of Amity's. Otabin sews one of her arms in.
Otabin says: "Making friends, taking friends, never be without my friends."
Luz says: "You fiend."
Luz says: "You can't rhyme friends with friends."
Amity says: "Great work, Luzura."
Luz says: "Hey!"
Luz says: "I was trying to save you."
Amity says: "Well, it doesn't matter."
Amity says: "We're gonna be stuck together forever."
Luz looks at her sewn in arm, numb. She moves it, the page going with it, and brightens back up.
Luz says: "No, we aren't."
Luz says: "Follow my lead."
Luz says: "One."
Amity says: "What are you doing?"
Luz says: "Two."
Luz says: "Three."
Amity and Luz both yell as the book goes down, hitting Otabin in the head. When he recovers, the book is gone.
Otabin says: "Come back!"
Cut to Luz and Amity running through the library, still sewn to the book. They duck behind a small shelf.
Amity says: "Now what?"
Luz says: "I don't know."
Luz says: "I didn't even think that would work."
Luz says: "I was all like "roaaar."
Luz grins. The moment is ruined when Otabin's needle pierces the page next to Luz's head and she yells.
Otabin says: "Friends."
He uses the needle and thread like a fishing line, pulling the book towards him. Amity and Luz both yell as the book is tugged over the shelf and onto the floor. Luz tries to tear at the string keeping her arm down. Amity grabs onto a ladder, then hooks her legs around it, pulling her arm free and launching her into a return cart.
Amity says: "Luz!"
Luz says: "Me!"
Otabin grabs the book and pulls it completely toward him. Luz tries to kick at his chest. Otabin grabs the needle and pulls it through.
Otabin says: "You squirm and fight, and scream and shout."
Otabin says: "But friendship always will win out."
The thread wraps around Luz's head. Otabin slowly pulls it tight, and Luz braces for it. Amity rides in on the book return cart.
Otabin says: "Huh?"
Otabin is launched into a bookshelf, which falls on him. He struggles under it. Amity pulls the string keeping Luz down off the book.
Luz says: "Oh."
Luz says: "Third dimension how I've missed you."
Otabin says: "We must stay friends until the end."
Otabin says: "There is no tear I cannot mend."
Luz says: "Gulp."
She yells as Otabin grabs her again. He wraps the thread around her.
Amity says: ""Luz has to right a wrong."
A giant magic eraser rises out of the book. Amity catches it.
Amity says: "Luz, quick."
Luz catches it and erases Edric's drawings on the page of the book. Otabin returns to normal, and everything falls to the floor. Luz catches Otabin and places him on his feet. Amity walks over and picks him up.
Otabin says: "I'm so sorry."
Otabin says: "I don't know what came over me."
Amity says: "Hey, it's okay."
Amity says: "We're still friends."
Amity nods to Luz, who closes the book. Otabin disappears, making Amity look sad. Luz walks over to her and grins.
Cut to morning as Luz and Amity leave the library.
Luz says: "What an adventure."
Luz says: "Thanks for helping clean up."
Amity says: "This never happened."
Luz says: "Wait."
Luz says: "It doesn't make up for reading your diary but would you wanna borrow this?"
Luz says: "I noticed you only had up to four."
Luz grabs onto her messenger bag strap as she watches Amity leave. Cut to Luz entering the Owl House.
Luz says: "Hi, guys."
Luz says: "I'm..."
Everyone is asleep, snoring, on the green couch, Eda holding the baby bats and King on her lap.
Luz says: "home."
Hooty says: "Ding dong!"
Luz says: "Hooty."
A giant woman's head with bat wings crawls into the living room.
Luz says: "Whoa."
Luz says: "You must be Mama."
Bat Queen says: "Yi Yi."
Bat Queen says: "Mama is I."
Bat Queen says: "And I is the Bat Queen."
The baby bats fly away from Eda, settling into Bat Queen's hair.
Bat Queen says: "Aah!"
Bat Queen says: "Snuggle dumplings."
She throws up a treasure chest, which opens to show several hundred snails. Bat Queen spits an Aztec death whistle on top of the snails.
Bat Queen says: "For troubles."
Bat Queen says: "Eda is owed one."
She squeezes back out of the doorway and flies away. Luz closes the door.
Eda says: "Babies?"
Eda says: "Where are the babies?"
Luz mimes flying away.
Eda says: "Oh."
Eda says: "And I just taught Junior how to pick locks too."
Luz says: "Your night looks very successful."
Luz says: "Look at all that money you made."
Luz says: "And look at this cool whistle that scary woman gave you."
Luz says: "I'd wash it before you use it."
Eda says: "Yeah."
Eda says: "We did it all for the money."
King says: "I miss my babies."
Luz says: "I actually got you something from the library."
She hands Eda a book titled "Coping with Empty Nest Syndrome.".
Eda says: "Thanks, kid."
Eda says: "So, how was your night?"
Luz says: "Good."
Luz says: "Then bad."
Luz says: "Then maybe good?"
Hooty says: "Hey, you wanna hear about my night?"
Luz says: "Ugh."
Luz says: "No!"
Eda says: "No!"
King says: "That's not a thing anyone ever wants."