Open on Eda's human collectibles stand in the market. King is jumping on the table, trying to grab a flag hanging above him.
King says: "Weh!"
King says: "Stupid flag!"
Luz walks in carrying a ladder and a wooden sign.
Luz says: "It's been a little slow around here, but I've got just the thing to attract customers."
She puts the wooden sign on top of the "HUMAN COLLECTABLES" sign and taps it, activating the light glyphs carved into it.
Luz says: "And who doesn't like their name in lights?"
Fully illuminated, a winking face of Eda appears.
Luz says: "Is it too subtle?"
Boscha says: "Does subtle mean ugly?"
Boscha, Skara, and an Oracle track student are standing at the stand.
Luz says: "Hi Boscha!"
Luz says: "Hexsidians!"
Luz says: "See anything you like?"
Boscha says: "Ew!"
Boscha says: "No."
Boscha says: "I'm just here to take an ironic Penstagram next to your weird flashing trash sign."
She summons her scroll and takes several pictures.
Luz says: "It's not funny Boscha."
Boscha says: "What are you going to do?"
Boscha says: "Spit your human venom on me?"
King says: "You have venom?"
King says: "Quick, Luz, start melting faces!"
Luz says: "Even if I could, it's not worth it."
Luz says: "You wouldn't understand how to handle teens like her."
King says: "You will tremble before me!"
The three teens stare at him.
Boscha says: "Oh, he's so cute!"
She hugs King and summons her scroll, taking a picture with a filter.
King says: "Weh!"
Boscha says: "How much?"
Boscha says: "I have to own him."
King says: "You couldn't afford me, sister!"
All says: "Aw!"
King says: "That's the incorrect reaction!"
Eda says: "the human realm?"
Boscha says: "Yeah, no."
Skara and the Oracle track student laugh as the three of them leave.
Eda says: "Well,  I hate her."
Luz says: "Yeah, teens can be sour, but I'm a little sweetie."
Luz says: "Look what I made you!"
Points to her sign.
Eda says: "Luz!"
Luz says: "Did I spell something wrong?"
Luz says: "Or did I spell something right?"
Eda says: "Stop that."
Eda says: "on the run!"
Eda says: "Remember?"
Eda says: "Every guard in town would be at my doorstep if I had my name in lights."
Luz says: "Well, I don't see anyone right now."
Luz says: "Maybe you're just being paranoid."
Luz says: "You're a powerful witch."
Luz says: "Why hide when you can "poof" all your problems away with magic?"
King says: "What does Luz know about problems anyway?"
King says: "All she has is dumb teen drama!"
King says: "She doesn't understand how hard some of us have it."
Eda says: "You're pampered all day like a dang baby."
Eda says: "How hard is that life?"
King says: "Well, I don't know if you realized, but I'm not a baby!"
Luz says: "Then why are you screaming like one?"
King says: "My life is a living nightmare!"
Eda says: "Well, there's only one thing to do when friends can't see eye to eye."
Luz says: "Hug each other till we pass out?"
King says: "Fight to the death!"
Eda says: "Pfft, no."
Eda says: "Body swap!"
King says: "Are you sure you don't shoot venom?"
THEME.
Eda says: "I love a good body swap."
Eda says: "It's like demonic possession with the ones you love."
Luz says: "We're doing that?"
Luz says: "That's possible?"
Luz says: "This is just like my favorite early 2000s movie!"
Luz says: "Freaky Fraturday."
Luz says: "But maybe we should think about this for a second."
Eda says: "Body swap!"
Luz says: "Ooh!"
Eda spins her staff above their heads, a curtain of yellow light and smoke falling over them.
Luz says: "and pointy!"
King in Luz's body walks up to the mirror.
Luz says: "Hot dog!"
Luz says: "It's me!"
King says: "Yeah, it is."
King says: "I'm the human now."
King says: "Bow before my massive, meaty hands!"
Luz says: "Wait, so that means..."
Eda clears her throat. Luz and King look back at the table, where the last of the smoke dissipates.
Eda says: "How do I look?"
King says: "I've got some..."
King says: "very confusing emotions right now."
Eda says: "All right, here's the deal."
Eda says: "Whoever can prove their new body has the easiest life gets out of house cleaning duty."
Eda says: "And you know what that means."
Cut to Hooty giggling maniacally as he plays in the mud. Cut back to the three of them shuddering.
King says: "Won't be me."
King says: "Life as a teen is a tyrant's dream!"
King says: "By the end of the day, I'll be ruling over your feeble demographic."
Luz says: "Well, I've got magic."
Luz says: "Eda, don't be too mad when your inventory's gone and the guards are none the wiser."
She accidentally casts a beam of light that knocks her on the ground.
Eda says: "Ha!"
Eda says: "That's cute."
Eda says: "If you need me, I'll be getting pampered on a vacation fit for a king."
King says: "My life's not a joke!"
Cut to Eda walking through town. She grabs a pair of sunglasses, puts them on and poses. Freeze frame with the words "Eda's Catastophe" above her. She continues walking.
Woman says: "Look at that little baby!"
Eda says: "Oh, hello."
Man says: "So adorable!"
Eda says: "Yes, hello to you too, handsome."
Guard says: "Stop right there!"
A guard with a four-headed dog is staring at her.
Eda says: "An emperor's guard."
Guard says: "Thought you could get away with it, didn't you?"
Eda says: "Wait, you know who I am?"
Guard says: "Of course, I do."
Guard says: "You're..."
Guard says: "the cutest little angel I've ever seen!"
Guard says: "Who wants a lolly?"
Eda says: "Ha!"
Eda says: "That's more like it."
The dog licks its nose where Eda hit it with the lollipop.
Roselle says: "Oh, Dottie!"
Roselle says: "Look at this lost little dumpling!"
Eda says: "What's that?"
Eda says: "Whoa!"
Eda says: "Hey, I'm not lost, you creeps!"
Roselle says: "Poor baby!"
Roselle says: "Do you need us to make you a delicious meal?"
Roselle scratches Eda's belly.
Eda says: "Tummy scratches?"
Eda says: "Ooh."
Eda says: "You know what?"
Eda says: "Maybe I am lost."
Eda says: "Take me away, ladies."
They walk down an alley, their shadows looming on the wall. Cut to a kitty café, where two creatures meow in the window and a demon with several giant eyes is painting words on the window. Roselle and Dottie carry Eda inside.
Roselle says: "Welcome to our kitty café."
Roselle says: "This is our little safe haven for cherubs like you."
Various witches and demons are playing with smaller creatures, only one of which actually looks like a cat.
Eda says: "Ugh..."
Eda says: "What hot mess is going down here?"
Roselle says: "You see, precious cargo like you should be taken care of."
Roselle says: "Boop!"
Roselle says: "All you should have to worry about is how many belly rubs you want or how much tasty num‐nums you're gonna eat."
Eda says: "Well, my creep alarm is ringing, but I can't argue with num‐nums."
Roselle says: "This place is a safe place."
Roselle says: "A place clean from the outside world."
Roselle says: "And those teenagers who filthen it."
Roselle says: "You have a good nap, my dearest."
Roselle says: "And welcome..."
Roselle says: "to your new home."
Her and Dottie walk through the employees only door. Eda tosses the cupcake aside.
Eda says: "Ha!"
Eda says: "Oh, being adorable is the life."
Eda says: "Time for a nap."
She pulls out a pillow, pats it, and lays down. A shadow passes over as something meows. Eda opens her eyes with a gasp. She peeks over the edge of the crib, and Bowtie jumps up.
Bowtie says: "Leave this place!"
Bowtie says: "Danger is near."
Roselle says: "Baby demon!"
Roselle says: "We have a surprise for you!"
Eda says: "You hear that, Bowtie?"
Bowtie says: "Ow!"
Eda says: "There's a new star in town."
The door opens.
Roselle says: "A gift for our new, cutest demon."
Eda says: "Okay, I'm out."
Eda says: "Novelty costumes are where I draw the line."
Roselle says: "Dottie, please help our little angel get changed."
Dottie shrieks and growls, hopping on various pieces of furniture in order to stop Eda.
Roselle says: "Oh, no, sweetie."
Roselle says: "You can't survive out there without us."
Eda says: "Ladies, stand back."
Eda says: "I am not above disrespecting my elders."
Eda says: "Oh, dang."
Eda says: "I'm not a witch right now."
Roselle says: "No, baby."
Roselle says: "You're a cutie patootie."
Eda says: "Not today, sister!"
Roselle says: "No!"
Eda runs through the employees only door. She closes it behind her and moves a chair below the handle.
Roselle says: "Let us in this instant!"
Roselle says: "It is not time for you to be there."
Eda says: "Stop babying me!"
She turns around, then visibly gets uncomfortable. Inside the room are various demons in rocking chairs, stacked in shelves, all of them grinning ominously and most of them drooling.
Eda says: "This vacation just took an alarming, back‐alley turn."
Baby says: "Tasty num‐nums."
Eda says: "Ew."
Bowtie says: "Don't bother."
Bowtie says: "Their minds are tragically gone."
Bowtie says: "They've been coddled so long, they forgot how to live on their own."
Bowtie says: "Their brains turned to mush."
Eda says: "Geez, I thought I liked being babied."
Eda says: "But I feel so small and helpless, like some sort of..."
Eda says: "baby."
Eda says: "But that won't happen to us, right?"
Eda says: "I failed you, Bowtie."
Eda says: "My closest ally."
Bowtie says: "Meow."
Bowtie says: "Meow."
Eda says: "I'll avenge you, Bowtie!"
Bowtie lands on Roselle's face. Dottie goes to help her. Eda sees sunlight.
Eda says: "Ooh!"
She runs for the light, diving through a hole. She runs into a window.
Eda says: "Huh?"
Roselle says: "Oh, wonderful!"
Roselle says: "Now everyone can see our bestest baby..."
Roselle says: "forever."
Eda says: "No!"
Cut to King successfully jumping and grabbing a flag.
King says: "Weh!"
King says: "Not so high and mighty anymore."
He falls into a trashcan. Freeze frame with "KING'S BRUSH WITH DEATH" above the trash can. Action resumes as the trash can falls. A water balloon hits the ground next to the trash can. Tentacles grow out of the water.
King says: "The flag, it seeks revenge."
Distant laughing is heard. King looks to a cliff, where Skara and a Potions student are standing. The latter throws a water balloon on the ground.
Man #1 says: "Help me!"
Man #1 says: "I'm a delicate man."
King says: "Teenagers."
Cut to King pulling himself onto the cliff.
A tentacle grabs him. King crawls over to a building with signs reading "TREASURE SHACK." King sniffs under the curtain, then looks under it. Amelia and Boscha are on their scrolls while the Oracle student is flying upside down with winged boots, attempting to do a sit-up.
Boscha says: "Just give up."
Oracle Student says: "I swear, I can do a sit‐up."
Oracle Student says: "I'm just having a bad day."
Boscha says: "Sure, you can."
Amelia stands and throws a peace sign as Boscha goes over to take a picture of him struggling.
King says: "I'll show Luz how to rule over these doofuses."
King says: "Greetings!"
King says: "Bow before your king of humans."
Oracle Student says: "Hey, nobody tells me what to do."
Boscha says: "Shut it."
Oracle Student says: "Sorry, Boscha."
Boscha says: "New post: Loser human thinks she can hang out in our sacred Treasure Shack."
Boscha says: "Spoiler alert: She can't."
Oracle Student says: "Yeah, get out of here, Goody Two‐Shoes."
King says: "Goody Two‐Shoes, huh?"
King steals his flying boots, making him fall on the ground. King flies out of the Treasure Shack, grabbing the bag of water balloons from Skara.
King says: "Hey, impressionable youths!"
Amelia and the Oracle student walk out, them and Skara staring up at King.
King says: "Under my command, you could learn how to do some real damage."
King says: "Nyeh!"
He swings the bag around and throws the whole thing. Tentacles taller than the library spring forth. King spins around to face them slowly.
King says: "All hail, your new teen king."
Oracle Student says: "I didn't like her telling me what to do before, but now, I love it."
King says: "Who wants to revolt with me today?"
Skara says: "Yay!"
Skara says: "You're the coolest."
Oracle Student says: "We love you now."
Amelia says: "I love it!"
Skara and Amelia fly off with King. The Oracle student looks down at his socked feet.
Oracle Student says: "Uh, I'll catch up."
Boscha says: "Hold up."
Boscha says: "I did not give you permission to leave."
Amelia flies down and picks up the Oracle student.
King says: "All right, you acne‐encrusted hormone buckets."
King says: "Let's go let out some teen angst!"
Music says: "♪ You're hanging with the cool kids ♪ ♪ Breaking all the rules kids ♪ ♪ We're gonna have to fool the kids ♪ ♪ Into thinking that you're cool too ♪ ♪ They pierce their noses ♪ ♪ They dye their hair..."
As the music plays, the teens wreck havoc through town. The Oracle student shuffles the facial features of two witches waiting for the bus, making them both scream. A third lowers a newspaper to show that their face is already shuffled. King shrugs. The Oracle student shuffles their face to normal orientation. They scream. Cut to a sign that reads "SELF STORAGE." Amelia takes off the "S" and the "STO." She and the others hide behind a booth as an elf approaches the sign now reading "ELF RAGE".
Elf says: "Yeah, this sign gets it!"
He grunts and rips his shirt off, then punches the sign and runs off. The teens laugh, then gasp and run off when the elf returns. Cut to them all laughing as King, holding a crow, shushes them.
King says: "Guys, be quiet."
He dials a number on the crow, which caws. Cut to the Owl House, where a crow caws repeatedly. Hooty picks it up.
Hooty says: "Hoot House."
Hooty says: "Hooty Hooting."
Cut back to town, where the teens are still laughing. King tosses the crow into a megaphone.
Hooty says: "Oh, wow."
Hooty says: "I've been waiting for someone to call all day, and now, it's finally happened!"
Hooty says: "We can talk for hours, and hours, and hours, and hours..."
Cut to the teens walking through town, the Oracle student and Amelia holding bags of onion rings. The backing music stops.
Boscha says: "Enough!"
Boscha says: "I don't know why they can't remember what a weirdo loser you are, but I'm gonna help them remember."
King says: "Ooh, I'm so scared."
King says: "She still thinks she has power over you guys."
The other three are all staring at Boscha in fear.
King says: "Guys?"
Boscha says: "Luz, I challenge you to a race..."
Boscha says: "around Dead Man's Curve."
She points to a winding road held up with bones. Lightning strikes the road, knocking a chunk of it off.
Boscha says: "And we'll be racing on those."
Boscha says: "Giant rat worms."
King says: "Meh."
Skara says: "You don't have to do this, you know We know humans are, like, super fragile."
King says: "Don't baby me!"
King says: "Boscha, I accept your strange teenaged, coming‐of‐age challenge thing."
Cut to Dead Man's Curve as one of the bones supporting it crumbles. King shoves one of the rat worms to the starting line where Boscha is already sitting. Amelia pulls out an onion ring.
Amelia says: "On your mark..."
King climbs onto his rat worm as Boshca smirks at him.
Amelia says: "Get set..."
Amelia bites into the onion ring. Boscha's rat worm immediately takes off. King's does not.
King says: "Let's go!"
Rat worm growls.
King says: "Worm minion, I said go!"
He smacks the worm's tail. It screams and takes off.
King says: "Stop!"
King says: "I said stop!"
King's rat worm rolls down Dead Man's Curve as King rides it backwards. Boscha takes the turns expertly while King bounces off of them. Despite that, he catches up.
King says: "This is how the cool kids ride."
King says: "Super backwards."
King says: "On purpose."
Boscha growls. She faces forward and gasps, pulls her rat worm to a stop. King speeds past.
King says: "Yes!"
King says: "Say bye‐bye to your popularity, Boscha."
Boscha says: "Bye‐bye."
King turns around and sees a caution sign with blinking worms. He yelps and tries to stop his rat worm, but it's too late. He plows into the caution sign and plummets, destroying the Treasure Shack.
King says: "Ow."
Skara says: "Not the Treasure Shack!"
Oracle Student says: "I don't know how to process this."
Oracle Student says: "Someone tell me what to do!"
Boscha says: "Get her!"
They all take off after King.
King says: "Weh!"
King runs. They follow. He slides down a hill and takes off on all fours.
Boscha says: "Get back here, human!"
King says: "Luz was right."
King says: "I can't handle the complexities of teenage life."
King says: "I just want my body back."
He runs into the paint can left outside the kitty café.
Boscha says: "I think I saw her go this way."
King runs inside. The teens fly past it. King catches his breath, then sighs in relief. The lights flick on.
King says: "Huh?"
Roselle stomps in.
Roselle says: "Dottie!"
Roselle says: "A teen has come to steal our little babies."
King says: "No, wait!"
King says: "I am a little baby!"
Roselle says: "No, you're not."
Roselle says: "You're a rotten teen!"
Roselle says: "But when we finish with you, you'll be calling for your mother."
King says: "Lady, I just want my body back."
Eda says: "You can have it."
Eda says: "Your life is pretty terrible."
Eda says: "But, hey, it'll probably be over soon."
Cut to the market, where Luz stands up.
Luz says: "Whew!"
Luz says: "Okay, let's try this again."
Luz says: "And strut, strut, strut."
She falls against a box and knocks over a lamp. Freeze frame with Luz looking at the words, "LUZ'S DEALS IN HEELS." Action resumes as Luz lifts up her foot.
Luz says: "How does Eda wear these all day?"
Luz says: "Oh, no."
Luz says: "What have my heels done?"
Luz says: "Wait a second."
Luz says: "I'm a ding dang witch!"
She draws a spell circle at the lamp, blasting herself into the air. She lands behind the table with a yelp.
Luz says: "Boy, Eda is powerful."
Luz says: "Not again!"
Cut to Luz putting oven mitts on, her pointer finger sticking out of each.
Luz says: "Okay, let's try this one more time."
She draws a spell circle over the lamp, fixing it and giving it human legs.
Man #2 says: "Ooh, so unnecessarily extravagant."
Man #2 says: "I'll take it."
Luz says: "Zippo swappo."
Luz says: "Sold to the savvy shopper."
She draws a spell circle and the lamp walks off. The man follows it, tossing Luz a snail.
Luz says: "Okay, magic hands, let's see what else we can magically magic."
With a snap of her fingers, a giant neon sign and spotlights appear at the stand. She is now wearing a top hat reading "EDA.".
Luz says: "Step right up and feast your eyes on the marvels of the human realm!"
Customer #1 says: "Oh, what is this?"
Customer #2 says: "Where did the other stand go?"
Customer #3 says: "Your lights are too bright, and I forgot what I came here for."
Luz says: "Was it for laughter?"
Customer #3 says: "I'll take two for my enemies."
A centaur walks up and points to his blank human face. Luz uses a marker to draw him a face. The centaur cries with joy and piles the table high with snails. A baby wails in a carriage. A giant pacifier appears in its mouth. The baby's parent dumps an entire coin purse onto the table. Various customers leave the stand.
Luz says: "Thank you!"
Luz says: "Come again!"
Luz says: "There's a little something for everyone."
Luz says: "Take it from me, Eda, the Boiling Isles' gift to magic."
Guard #1 says: "Is that right?"
Guard #1 says: "You're the famous Eda the Owl Lady?"
Luz says: "That depends."
Luz says: "Are you a fan..."
Luz says: "of magic?"
The flowers make a sound effect as their eyes shine.
Guard #1 says: "No, but I am a fan of..."
Guard #1 says: "the law."
Flowers says: "Oh, no!"
The guard cuffs Luz.
Guard #2 says: "We were finally able to catch you in the act."
Guard #2 says: "All thanks to this little light show of yours."
Luz says: "Gentlemen, whaddya say we forget this whole thing ever happened?"
Luz says: "Amnesia spell!"
She summons a pacifier into the second guard's mask. He narrows his eyes.
Luz says: "Haven't quite got the hang of this yet."
Cut to a police precinct. A camera shutters, and Luz is standing in front of a height chart holding a prisoner number card.
Camera Monster says: "This is some of my best work."
Camera Monster says: "Really captures the shame."
Owlbert is taken by a guard. He chirps in protest as the guard puts a ring around his wings.
Guard #3 says: "Yeah, you're going away for a long time, you filthy criminal."
Luz says: "Owlbert!"
Luz says: "This is all a big mistake."
Luz says: "You're gonna laugh when I explain."
Cut to a hallway, where Emperor's Coven guards are drinking water. A shadow passes over them.
Guard #3 says: "Is it really her?"
Guard #4 says: "Oh, no."
Guard #4 says: "This is not good."
Guard #1 says: "Hey, you gotta take that thing out before someone sees you."
Guard #2 says: "I like it."
Guard #2 says: "Calms the nerves."
Lilith's reflection appears in the one-way mirror.
Guard #2 says: "Hmm?"
Guard #2 says: "Uh..."
Guard #1 says: "Madame Lilith, to what do we owe this honor?"
Lilith says: "Word reached me that you captured my sister."
Lilith says: "I'll take it from here."
Guard #1 says: "But Madame, she's going straight to the Conformatorium."
Guard #1 says: "I have the order right here."
He pulls out a piece of paper, which burns in a blue fire.
Lilith says: "The orders have changed."
Luz says: "Look, guys, you got the wrong Eda."
Lilith says: "Hello, Edalyn."
Luz says: "Oh, thank goodness!"
Luz says: "A familiar face."
Luz says: "You're Eda's sister, right?"
Luz says: "Is it Libby?"
Luz says: "No."
Luz says: "Limby..."
Lilith says: "Your show of affection is touching."
Lilith says: "Do you know why you're here?"
Luz says: "Well, as I was telling the guard, this is just a classic Freaky Fraturday mix‐up."
Lilith says: "Sister,  the charges against you are long and many."
Lilith says: "Operating a stand without a permit, owning a hocus without a pocus..."
Luz says: "Yeah, I think that list goes on for a while."
Lilith says: "These charges are serious."
Lilith says: "There's no more running away, Edalyn."
Luz says: "I know."
Luz says: "I can't just "poof" my problems away."
Lilith says: "But we can."
Lilith says: "You getting caught was clearly a cry for help."
Lilith says: "Join the Emperor's Coven, like we dreamed about when we were girls."
Luz says: "Eda wanted to be in the Emperor's Coven?"
Lilith says: "Don't be afraid, sister."
Lilith says: "Soon, you won't be a danger to those around you."
Lilith says: "Bring out the branding glove."
She summons rings of light that secure Luz to the chair.
Luz says: "The what now?"
A guard puts on a glove with the logo of the Emperor's Coven on the palm. The logo glows red. He tosses the table aside and cracks his knuckles.
Luz says: "Wait, you're making a mistake!"
Luz says: "Uh‐oh."
A wall of the precinct explodes.
Luz says: "Owlbert, come to me!"
Luz says: "Huh?"
Luz says: "Ah!"
Luz says: "Eda's life is more complicated than I thought."
Luz runs through the hole in the wall. Lilith stands, her hair mussed.
Luz says: "Okay, if I were Eda and Eda is King, where would I be?"
Luz says: "Ah!"
Luz says: "This thing's so confusing."
Lilith says: "After her!"
Luz walks backwards, looking at Lilith and the guards. Knocking at a window makes her face forward. She's at the kitty café.
Eda says: "Luz!"
Eda says: "Bring my dang body over here."
Luz says: "Eda!"
Roselle says: "Oh, look, Dottie."
Roselle says: "It's not kidnapping if they entered our store."
Roselle says: "Just think of it as good customer service."
Outside, Luz draws a spell circle. The lamp next to the women grows legs and several other lamp heads. Luz enters.
Roselle says: "Why did our lamp get unnecessarily extravagant?"
The women turn and see Eda helping King through the hole. Everyone makes eye contact.
Eda says: "Hi."
Luz says: "Go, go, go!"
They all run.
Roselle says: "After them!"
Luz, King, and Eda arrive on main street.
Luz says: "What weird stuff did you get my body into?"
Lilith says: "There she is."
Eda says: "I got the same question."
Boscha, Skara, Amelia, and the Oracle student fly in on their boots.
King says: "Dang!"
King says: "I forgot about them."
Eda says: "All right."
Eda says: "Did everybody learn a valuable lesson about experiencing each other's hardships?"
King says: "Yep."
Luz says: "Yep."
Eda says: "Good, let's end this nightmare."
Eda says: "Body swap!"
Everyone returns to their own bodies. Eda is still wearing the bee costume, though it immediately rips off. King is still in the volunteer shirt and Luz takes off the oven mitts.
King says: "My body!"
King says: "My glorious little body!"
Lilith says: "Sister."
Lilith says: "Time and again I've offered you my help, yet you foolishly run back to your worthless life."
Lilith says: "I'm tired of trying, Edalyn."
Lilith says: "Your days of running are over!"
Eda says: "Thanks, Luz."
Luz says: "Sorry."
Eda says: "Don't worry, I got this."
Eda says: "Body swap!"
She spins her staff and directs the beam at everyone while Luz and King duck.
Guard #1 says: "What's happening?"
Guard #1 says: "Who the heck are you?"
Guard #2 says: "I'm a Coven guard, wise mouth."
Guard #1 says: "No, you're not."
Guard #1 says: "I am!"
Roselle says: "You get outta my body, you galoot!"
Guard #2 says: "Fight!"
Guard #2 says: "Ow."
Guard #2 says: "My knees."
Someone in Boscha's body says: "Hey!"
Someone in Boscha's body says: "Ow!"
Someone in the body of a guard says: "This is your fault."
Someone in the body of a guard says: "Let go!"
Someone in the body of a guard says: "My arm!"
Someone in the body of a guard says: "Ow!"
General mayhem ensues.
King says: "Are they gonna be okay?"
Eda says: "Eh?"
Luz says: "Eda, I just wanna say that things can be more complicated than you think."
Luz says: "But with you guys, it all feels a little less mixed up."
Eda says: "Aw, that's sweet, kid."
Eda says: "Now, let's never speak of this again."
Owlbert hoots as he unfurls his wings. Everyone who was body swapped clamors as Eda, Luz, and King fly off.
Cut to Eda, Luz, and King flying in front of the moon.
Luz says: "So, wait."
Luz says: "Who is going to clean Hooty?"
Luz says: "It's getting..."
Luz says: "dire."
Cut to the Owl House, where Hooty is even dirtier than before.
Hooty says: "Guys?"
Hooty says: "Today's my monthly cleaning."
Hooty says: "Hoot, hoot."
Hooty says: "I'm 20% mucus, but don't let that stop you."
Hooty says: "C'mon, I have so many hard‐to‐reach spots that need swabbing!"
Cut back to the three flying.
Eda says: "Not it."
King says: "Not it."
Luz says: "Aw, man."