Open on the Owl House's kitchen. Eda is stirring something on the stove while King is watching Luz talk to Willow and Gus on a crystal ball.
Luz says: "So they said I couldn't remove my thumb, but look at that!"
Luz says: "Whoop!"
Gus says: "You sliced it off!"
Gus says: "You sliced off your own thumb!"
Willow says: "You make doing homework actually fun."
Luz says: "And they say humans can't do magic."
King says: "Luz..."
King says: "Nyeh!"
King says: "You've been talking to them all morning."
King says: "Don't forget about the Luz and King comedy hour!"
Eda says: "Please, no."
Eda says: "Not the comedy hour..."
King says: "This week I've been working with props!"
King says: "Looks like I'm toast!"
Eda says: "It just goes on like this for an hour!"
Luz says: "Heyo, dough boy, quit loafing around!"
King says: "Why don't you bake me?"
[The crystal ball buzzes with an alarm says: "00, flashes below Willow and Gus."
flashes red. The time says: "00, flashes below Willow and Gus."
8 says: "00, flashes below Willow and Gus."
Luz says: "School time!"
Luz says: "See you guys in class!"
Willow says: "Bye!"
Gus says: "But what about the thumb?!"
Gus says: "!"
Luz ends the call.
Luz says: "Hey, don't worry."
Luz says: "We'll finish our comedy hour when we get home."
King says: "Hee hee, oh you!"
King says: "You..."
King says: "you really think she's coming back this time?"
Eda says: "Yes, she'll be back; she always comes back."
Eda says: "It's cute you miss her, though."
King says: "The King of Demons--  The King of Demons misses nobody!"
King says: "I wouldn't care if she came through this door right now!"
King says: "Wha!"
Luz comes through the door.
King says: "You're back!"
King says: "I didn't miss you at all."
Luz says: "Apparently there's an infestation of pixies at Hexside, so school's been canceled."
King says: "That sounds like a crumby situation."
Hooty says: "Hey!"
Hooty says: "Guess what's been in my mouth that I'm about to throw up!"
Hooty gags for several long moments. Everyone stares at him in disgust. He finally throws up letters and a box.
Hooty says: "The mail!"
Eda says: "Junk, junk, death hex."
She tosses the death hex into a trashcan, which condenses into a dark purple ball before disappearing entirely.
Eda says: "Oh, a carnival's in town today!"
Luz says: "A carnival?"
Luz says: "You know, I've been so busy with school lately, what do you say we take this comedy hour on tour?"
Luz says: "It'll be a Luz and King day!"
King says: "That's my kinda day!"
Luz says: "Let's all three of us go!"
Hooty says: "An adventure with friends!"
Hooty says: "I'll go pack my stuff!"
Eda says: "Carnivals bring crowds and crowds bring suckers."
Eda says: "This could be the perfect chance to try out my new get-witch-quick scheme."
Eda says: "I'm in!"
Eda says: "To the carnival!"
Luz says: "To the carnival!"
King says: "To the carnival!"
They all leave.
Hooty says: "Good news, I'm bringing my knapsack full of games!"
Hooty says: "Hello?"
A fly buzzes near him.
Hooty says: "Oh, a fly!"
Hooty says: "Talk to me, talk to me!"
THEME.
Cut to the Bonesborough Carnival.
Eda says: "Well, here we are, kids."
Eda says: "Look at all that fresh meat."
Flies buzz around a fried chicken on a stick.
Luz says: "And smell all the fresh meat!"
Luz says: "Fun!"
Eda says: "No games for you, Owlbert, we've got scams to run."
Tibbles says: "Friends!"
Tibbles says: "Welcome!"
Everyone jumps into defensive poses.
Tibbles says: "I see you got my postcard."
Eda says: "Tibbles?"
Eda says: "You sent this?"
[Eda looks on the back of the flier. It reads says: ""To my Owl House Pals, From Tibbles," and has a picture of Tibbles dancing when Eda tilts it."
[Eda looks on the back of the flier. It reads says: "She lowers it and Tibbles is doing the same dance."
Tibbles says: "Mm-hmm."
Luz says: "Aren't you mad at us for destroying your stand?"
King says: "Ooh, and destroying his life!"
King says: "That was the best part!"
Tibbles says: "No, no, no."
Tibbles says: "I should thank you."
Tibbles says: "After my stand was destroyed, I reevaluated my life and found my true calling!"
Tibbles says: "I'm now ringmaster of..."
Tibbles says: "Tibbles's Tent of Tiny Terrors!"
Luz approaches the terrarium containing tiny unicorns, a tiny manticore, and a tiny griffin.
Luz says: "Aww."
Luz says: "It's like a regular circus but adorably small!"
Luz says: "You're my friends now."
Eda says: "I don't buy it."
Eda says: "What kind of con are you running?"
Tibbles says: "No cons here, Owl Lady, only pros."
Tibbles says: "In fact, why don't we toast our newfound friendship with this totally innocent bottle of water."
Eda says: "Oh yeah, sure!"
Eda throws the bottle. It lands on an Oracle Teacher's head and knocks them on their back.
Oracle Teacher says: "I'm okay!"
Eda says: "I know poison when I see it; you can't scam a scammer!"
Eda says: "Now speaking of scams..."
King says: "You should really put a lock on your closet."
Luz says: "You know what, Eda can pick through my socks all she wants."
Luz says: "Because today is all about having a great time with my partner in crime."
King says: "That's me!"
King says: "I love crime!"
Tibbles says: "Have a good time, friends."
Tibbles says: "While it lasts."
Cut to a dunk tank.
Abomination Student says: "Dunk the skeleton!"
Abomination Student says: "Win a prize!"
A ball hits the target, dumping the skeleton into a cauldron labelled SKIN. The skeleton pops out now covered in skin.
Skeleton says: "Ah!"
Skeleton says: "Aah!"
Skeleton says: "I'm covered in pores!"
Luz says: "Now this is my kind of weird!"
Luz says: "So what do you wanna do first?"
Luz says: "We could brave the molar coaster, or eat a mysterious blob..."
King says: "Ooh, what's that?"
King says: "Ah!"
King says: "Some kind of deadly string weapon."
Luz says: "No, silly."
Luz says: "That's a friendship bracelet."
King says: "Is that a type of deadly weapon?"
Luz says: "A weapon of love."
Luz says: "It's basically a declaration to the whole world that you're the best of friends."
King says: "Ooh!"
King says: "That's a safer way than becoming blood brothers!"
King says: "Luz, we must have those bracelets!"
Prize Vendor says: "And yoink."
Prize Vendor says: "Sorry, ma'am."
Prize Vendor says: "If your bone son wants these bracelets you'll have to play the games and win the tickets."
Prize Vendor says: "You know, carnival rules."
King says: "Beat up the man and steal his things for me."
Luz says: "Or let's just play the games."
King says: "Oh, okay."
Luz says: "Games!"
King says: "Games!"
Luz says: "Games!"
King says: "Games!"
Luz says: "Games!"
King says: "Games!"
Luz says: "Games!"
King says: "Games!"
Luz says: "Friends!"
Willow says: "Luz!"
Gus says: "Hey, Luz!"
They all hug.
Luz says: "Oh my gosh, I didn't think I'd see carniv-y'all here."
Gus says: "Boo."
Willow says: "I got an invitation from Tibbles."
Gus says: "We figured it's a trap since we squashed his stand with a walking house."
Willow says: "But who cares?"
Willow says: "This place has a Scarris wheel."
Gus says: "It's like a human Ferris wheel but it gives you long-lasting nightmares."
Luz says: "Yes!"
Luz says: "This mama is ready for trauma."
King says: "Ahem."
Luz says: "Oh, yeah."
Luz says: "We're on a very important quest to win a special prize for King."
Willow says: "Oh!"
Willow says: "We can help with that."
Gus says: "Aw."
Gus says: "Does the little guy wanna win a prize?"
Gus says: "Uh, does he?"
Gus says: "Uh, does he?"
King says: "Nyeh!"
Luz says: "What do you think, King?"
Luz says: "The more the merrier, huh?"
King says: "Um, sure."
King says: "Whatever you want, Luz."
Luz says: "All right."
Luz says: "Approval!"
[The three of them jog away. King tries to keep up says: "Willow rolls a skee-ball into the machine's mouth."
trips. Montage says: "Willow rolls a skee-ball into the machine's mouth."
[The three of them jog away. King tries to keep up says: "Luz and Gus cheer her on and the three of them run off."
trips. Montage says: "Luz and Gus cheer her on and the three of them run off."
[The three of them jog away. King tries to keep up says: "King arrives and gets hit with the ball when the machine spits it at him; the four of them are walking when they notice a picture board."
trips. Montage says: "King arrives and gets hit with the ball when the machine spits it at him; the four of them are walking when they notice a picture board."
[The three of them jog away. King tries to keep up says: "They all stick their heads through the holes, but King is stuck with being the trashcan; Luz takes a bite out of a fried orb and hands it to Willow."
trips. Montage says: "They all stick their heads through the holes, but King is stuck with being the trashcan; Luz takes a bite out of a fried orb and hands it to Willow."
[The three of them jog away. King tries to keep up says: "She takes a small bite out of it and hands it to Gus."
trips. Montage says: "She takes a small bite out of it and hands it to Gus."
[The three of them jog away. King tries to keep up says: "He eats the rest of it, leaving none for King, who had been between Willow and Gus; Luz, Willow, and Gus are leaning against a stand."
trips. Montage says: "He eats the rest of it, leaving none for King, who had been between Willow and Gus; Luz, Willow, and Gus are leaning against a stand."
Willow says: "So the pixie infestation was actually caused when Boscha's pet pixie escaped its cage..."
Luz says: "Mm-hmm."
Luz says: "Mm-hmm."
King jumps and grunts, trying to actually play the booth. He finally latches onto the edge of the booth but falls back.
King says: "Curse these stubby legs!"
King walks away. Fade to King sitting on the stoop of a narrow booth next to a poster that reads "CARNIVAL best with friends," with a drawing of three witches on it.
Tibbles says: "Oh, my, my, my."
Tibbles says: "You seem troubled."
King says: "Weh?"
King says: "Who said that?"
Tibbles says: "It is I."
Tibbles says: "Obvioso, the all-seeing psychic."
King says: "Haven't I seen you somewhere?"
King says: "It's almost so..."
Tibbles says: "Obvious?"
King says: "That's what I was gonna say."
King says: "Wow!"
King says: "You really are psychic."
Tibbles says: "You're right."
Tibbles says: "And Obvioso can see that something is bothering you, little friend."
King says: "You got my number, Obvioso."
King says: "Today was supposed to be about me and Luz, see?"
King says: "But now she's distracted by her cool new school friends."
Tibbles says: "What if I were to tell you that there was a way to make all those problems..."
Tibbles says: "disappear?"
King says: "I'd say that sounds illegal."
King says: "I would also say go on."
Tibbles says: "Behold!"
Tibbles sprays a nearby creature on a perch with the potion. It disappears in a flash of pink light.
King says: "Holy bones!"
King says: "You poofed it."
King says: "Call the cops!"
King says: "This guy's crazy!"
Tibbles says: "Hey."
Tibbles says: "The spray is only temporary."
Tibbles says: "I just give my cheeks a tap and then..."
Tibbles taps his cheeks twice. The creature reappears, visibly terrified.
Tibbles says: "..."
Tibbles says: "it returns safe and sound."
The creature squawks and lays an egg. The egg cracks and a baby creature chirps.
Tibbles says: "Take this."
Tibbles says: "Enjoy the carnival without the problems."
Tibbles says: "Luz, Willow, and Gus will be none the wiser."
King says: "Whoa!"
King says: "You even know their names."
King says: "Guess there's no use arguing with a fortune-teller."
King says: "Thanks, Obvioso."
King says: "Hey."
King returns. Tibbles holds the mustache back up.
King says: "Sidenote: in the future, do I ever find love?"
Tibbles says: "Uh..."
Tibbles says: "yes?"
Cut to King walking, looking at the bottle in his hands.
King says: "Hmm, maybe I should think about this first."
Luz says: "King!"
King shoves the bottle in his fanny pack.
Luz says: "Sorry we lost you back there, little dude."
King says: "Hey, it's okay."
King says: "Let's go back to the games and win those bracelets."
Gus says: "But we haven't gone on any rides and there's no line for the bumper carcasses."
King says: "Games!"
Gus says: "Carcasses!"
King says: "Games!"
Gus says: "Carcasses!"
Luz's stomach growls loudly. They all look at it.
Luz says: "Food!"
Luz says: "I'm gonna crab some rotten candy while you guys figure this out."
Luz says: "Bye!"
Willow says: "When Luz comes back let's go on the three-man cauldron spinner."
Gus says: "Or the triple swing."
Willow says: "Oh, and that's close to those photo booths that can fit exactly three people."
King says: "But today was me and Luz's day."
Gus says: "Aw."
Gus says: "Does the little baby boo miss his buddy Luz?"
Gus says: "Uh, does he?"
Gus says: "Uh, does he?"
King says: "The King of Demons misses nobody."
King says: "I demand you put me down!"
The potion falls out of King's pouch. It lands on the ground and sprays Willow and Gus.
Willow says: "What?"
Gus says: "What?"
Willow and Gus disappear.
King says: "Oh, no!"
King says: "What have I done?"
Luz says: "Wow."
Luz says: "I guess they really wanted to ride those bumper carcasses."
King says: "Actually, Luz."
King says: "There's something I gotta tell you."
Luz says: "No."
Luz says: "There's something I gotta tell you, King."
Luz says: "I said I'd help you win those friendship bracelets."
Luz says: "So win them we shall, okay?"
King says: "Uh..."
King says: "Willow and Gus will be okay for a little while, right?"
Luz says: "What was that?"
King says: "Nothing."
King says: "Now let's go!"
Luz says: "Ready or not, here we crumb."
King says: "Yes!"
King says: "Ha ha!"
Camera pans down to Willow and Gus, who have actually shrunk and not disappeared.
Gus says: "First, I'm growing out of my clothes."
Gus says: "Now I'm shrinking?"
Gus says: "Dang, puberty."
Gus says: "You're the craziest coaster of 'em all."
Willow says: "Ugh."
Gus says: "What happened to us?"
Gus says: "Did I black out on the molar coaster again?"
Willow says: "Sketchy carnival rides are not to blame this time."
Willow says: "King had something in his pouch that made us small."
Gus says: "And I just got tall enough for the rides!"
A shadow falls over them.
Willow says: "Gus..."
The creature that Tibbles sprayed before is now standing in front of them.
Gus says: "Ah!"
Willow grabs Gus' hand and runs to a styrofoam cup. Willow moves it so they're standing under it.
Gus says: "I think we're safe now."
A tongue pierces the cup three times.
Gus says: "Ew!"
Willow says: "Enough of this!"
Willow's eyes glow green. Vines sprout from the ground and grab onto the creature's tongue, trapping it on the cup. Willow and Gus run to a dropped rotten candy.
Willow says: "Quick!"
Willow says: "We have to find Luz and get her attention before any more carnival animals hunt us down."
Willow grabs some rotten candy and whistles. A fly lands and eats the rotten candy.
Willow says: "Eat up, my stead."
Willow says: "Lead us to safety."
Gus says: "It's so hairy."
Gus says: "Why is it so hairy?"
Willow says: "Because up close, everything is hairy."
Cut to Eda's stand.
Eda says: "Round as the moon, her ears are, with mood swings as terrifying as night itself."
The people at her stand pull out snails.
Citizen #1 says: "I do."
Citizen #2 says: "Me."
Clown Guard says: "Okay, show's over."
Clown Guard says: "This witch doesn't have a license."
Citizen #2 says: "I can't do time again!"
Citizen #1 says: "Run!"
Eda says: "Ah, what are you?"
Eda says: "The fun police?"
Clown Guard says: "Yes!"
Eda says: "Uh, excuse me, sir."
Eda says: "I'd like to have a word with your staff."
Eda says: "Owlbert!"
Eda says: "Owlbert!"
Eda says: "Where are you?"
Cut to Owlbert hooting happily and playing Whack-A-Giraffe.
Eda says: "Owlbert, you're lucky I can't be mad at your adorable antics."
Eda climbs over her stand and runs. Something clatters loudly. She has fallen into a rotten candy machine.
Candy Vendor says: "Hey, I caught her."
The clown guard walks over, shoes squeaking, and magically ties Eda up and pulls her out of the machine. Her hair is now covered in rotten candy.
Eda says: "I hate carnivals."
Cut to King leading Luz through the carnival. They stop at the prize booth. The friendship bracelets are still there. King drags Luz onward. Willow and Gus, on the fly, fly up from behind the friendship bracelet frame and follow them. Cut to Luz and King failing at skee-ball. Luz tickles the machines, which lets King successfully throw the ball in. Tickets spew out of the machine/monster as the two cheer. Cut to Gus poking the hairy back of the fly and recoiling in disgust. Willow directs the fly to Luz and King, but they move. The fly lands in the rotten candy machine. Cut to Luz and King at ring toss. One of the bottles hops out of the way of Luz's ring. The attendant shrugs. King shoves a ring over the attendant's body. The attendant reluctantly hands them tickets. Cut to Willow and Gus climbing onto a stand, covered in rotten candy.
Gus says: "We can't keep doing this."
Camera pans to show a house of mirrors.
Willow says: "We won't have to for much longer."
Cut to Eda tied up sitting under a banner that reads "THE FUN POLICE because crime is no laughing matter.".
Eda says: "Just when I thought I couldn't respect the law any less..."
Shoes squeak as they're put on the desk.
Eda says: "..."
Eda says: "it surprises me."
Carnival Boss says: "So, I hear you're running scams at my carnival?"
Carnival Boss says: "That's my job."
Carnival Boss says: "And I take my job very seriously."
Eda says: "Spare me the yuks."
Eda says: "What do you want?"
Carnival Boss says: "Since I'm a forgiving demon, I'll give you two options."
Carnival Boss says: "I can pass you along to the Emperor's Coven, who'll throw you in the Conformatorium, or you can scam for me."
He points to a dress on a mannequin and a cart of caramel crab apples.
Cut to the prize booth, where the vendor is counting Luz and King's tickets.
Prize Vendor says: "1230..."
Prize Vendor says: "1231..."
Luz says: "Now, King, before you spend your tickets are you sure you want those friendship bracelets and not this bad boy?"
Luz points to a cursed skull, whose eye glows.
Cursed Skull says: "I am the King of Night."
Cursed Skull says: "And every breath you take brings you closer to darkness."
Luz says: "This guy's a riot."
King says: "Yes, Luz."
King says: "I want the bracelets."
King says: "It's kind of important to me, okay?"
Cursed Skull says: "I can be important to you."
Prize Vendor says: "Hey, stop it."
Prize Vendor says: "No, no."
Prize Vendor says: "Stop it."
Prize Vendor says: "Yes, where was I, uh..."
Prize Vendor says: "Well, lost count."
Prize Vendor says: "Okay, one, two, three, four, five, six..."
The fly drops rotten candy in Luz's hair. She feels it.
Luz says: "Ugh, gross."
Luz says: "I'm gonna need a mirror."
Luz says: "I'll be right back, King."
Prize Vendor says: "12, 13, 14..."
King says: "Count faster."
Cut to outside the house of mirrors, which is being pointed to by several arrows on the ground made of rotten candy.
Luz says: "Oh."
Luz says: "There we go."
Luz follows the arrows and enters. There are more arrows inside, leading past a wall of mirrors that alter what Luz's character design in every one. She reaches the end of the arrows.
Luz says: ""You made it"."
Luz says: "Aw."
Luz says: "What a supportive sign."
Luz says: "Wait a sec."
Willow and Gus are reflected in a mirror.
Luz says: "Supportive friends!"
Willow says: "Wait, Luz, don't do it!"
Luz runs into the mirror and slides to the ground.
Luz says: "Huh?"
Willow's reflection points down. Willow and Gus step forward.
Luz says: "Oh, my gosh."
Cut to the prize stand.
Prize Vendor says: "One million."
Prize Vendor says: "Yep, I just counted to one million."
Prize Vendor says: "The bracelets are yours."
King says: "Yes."
King says: "Yes!"
King says: "Now Luz and I will share a bond as mighty as these trinkets!"
Cut to the house of mirrors as King rounds a corner.
King says: "Heya, Luz."
King says: "Good news."
King says: "I got the bracelets."
Luz says: "King..."
King says: "Huh?"
Luz holds out her hand, on which are Willow and Gus.
Willow says: "You splashed us with something to make us small."
Gus says: "And now I can't go on the big boy rides!"
Gus says: "You monster."
King says: "Y-you weren't supposed to shrink."
King says: "You, you were supposed to disappear."
King says: "Ooh, no."
King says: "Wait."
Luz says: "What?"
King says: "No, no, no."
King says: "Luz, I can explain."
King says: "I wanted to win the bracelets and there was this psychic, see?"
Luz says: "That must've been what did it."
Luz says: "Give me the spray bottle, King."
King says: "No, wait I-I-I gotta explain."
Luz says: "There's nothing to explain."
King says: "I was just trying to..."
Luz says: "Shrink my friends?"
King says: "I was just trying to solve my problems."
The bottle slips out of their hands. The spray nozzles loosens, resulting in both Luz and King getting splashed with the potion.
Luz says: "Uh-oh."
King says: "Uh-oh."
Luz and King shrink. Willow and Gus walk up to them.
Willow says: "Hi."
Gus says: "Hi."
King says: "Wait, I can fix it."
King says: "Obvioso showed me how."
King says: "Behold."
King says: "Why isn't this working?"
Tibbles says: "I'd say it's working quite well."
Cut to Tibbles approaching his Tent of Tiny Terrors while holding Luz, Willow, Gus, and King. King is still tapping his cheeks.
Gus says: "Um, Luz, I think King is broken."
King says: "Tapping my cheeks is supposed to turn us normal."
King says: "The psychic told me."
Tibbles says: "Oh, did he?"
Tibbles says: "But, what if he..."
Tibbles says: "lied to you from the start?"
Tibbles says: "Lied to you from the start?"
Tibbles says: "It's different."
King says: "You fiend."
King says: "When Obvioso finds out you stole his mustache..."
King says: "Oh..."
Tibbles says: "The potion was designed by me."
Tibbles says: "Guess whose cheeks control it?"
Luz says: "Why are you doing this?"
Tibbles says: "When you destroyed my stand, you destroyed generations of Grimm Hammer history."
Tibbles says: "Now it's time to pay."
Cut to the inside of the tiny terrors' cage. which they are dropped into.
All says: "Oof!"
Tibbles says: "Welcome to the greatest show on the Boiling Isles!"
Tibbles says: "Will these witches and demon survive feeding time?"
Tibbles says: "Let's find out!"
Tibbles rings a bell. The tiny terrors growl as they exit their tent. One unicorn still looks friendly.
Luz says: "Aw."
Luz says: "At least he's still my friend."
Luz says: "That's how friends react."
Tibbles says: "You ruined my livelihood."
Tibbles says: "So now, you'll feed my livelihood."
With a twirl of his finger, a spotlight turns on. Curtains open to show the inside of the cage is magnified for the crowd's viewing pleasure. Luz, Willow, Gus, and King are backed into a corner by the manticore and a unicorn.
Tibbles says: "Place your bets and enjoy the show!"
Gus says: "Well, if I have to go, at least I'm with my best friends."
Gus says: "And King."
The unicorn whinnies and pounces at them. They all run. The unicorn growls.
Eda says: "Caramel Crab Apples."
Eda says: "Get 'em hot and pinchy."
Man says: "Hey, over here!"
Eda says: "Yeah, yeah."
Eda says: "Hold your spider-horses."
Gus creates an illusion of a vacuum, causing the animals to cower. Willow summons vines to tip over a water holder. The manticore steps through the illusion vacuum. The four take cover behind the water holder seconds before the manticore runs into it.
Luz says: "--find a way out of here!"
Another bang. King looks around. Unicorns bite at both ends of the water holder, making Willow and Gus flinch. Luz ducks under the manticore's claws.
King says: "Ah, King, you idiot."
King says: "This is all your fault."
King says: "But I think I know how to fix it."
King runs out from cover. A unicorn watches him and chases him.
Luz says: "King?"
King says: "Willow, Gus, I'm sorry for poofing you."
King says: "And Luz, I'm sorry for taking away your friends."
A unicorn and the manticore advance on King, growling.
King says: "I know you'll eventually go home and now you're spending more time at school."
King says: "I just..."
King says: "wanna be around you!"
King jumps and dodges all the animals and climbs to the rim of the cage.
Student #1 says: "No!"
Student #2 says: "Boo!"
Student #2 says: "Boo!"
Tibbles says: "No refunds."
King says: "Alright."
King says: "I only have one shot."
King says: "Nyah!"
The bracelets land on Tibbles's cheek.
Tibbles says: "Darn flies."
Tibbles says: "Oh, no."
King, Luz, Willow, and Gus all begin to glow. Cut to Eda.
Eda says: "Hey, hey."
Eda says: "No discounts, buddy."
Man says: "You guys owe me."
Man says: "There's nothing happening in this show."
Man #2 says: "Not a single one of those dumb kids have gotten hurt yet."
Eda says: "Dumb kids?"
Eda says: "Wait."
Eda says: "Those are my dumb kids!"
Luz, Gus, Willow, and King grow back to normal size.
Behind them, the animals also grow to full size.
Luz says: "You shrunk the animals too?"
Tibbles says: "It's the Tent of Tiny Terrors."
Tibbles says: "Something needed to be tiny."
Man says: "Finish the job!"
Man says: "Get them kids."
Student #3 says: "Feast!"
The student throws a crab apple at the buff unicorn, which catches and eats it. The unicorn looks happy. All animals turn to the crowd, growling. Two audience members share a look. The buff unicorn whinnies and raises a hoof. The animals charge forward. The crowd screams and flees.
Tibbles says: "They foiled my plans."
Tibbles says: "You will pay for this!"
Tibbles says: "This time I'm gonna personally squash you!"
Tibbles says: "Oh, no!"
Tibbles says: "Not desserts!"
Eda says: "Hey, girls."
Eda says: "This one's on the house."
The unicorns chase Tibbles out.
Willow says: "Looks like we ruined his life for a second time."
Gus says: "We're on a roll."
King says: "Gus, Willow, you're okay!"
Luz says: "All thanks to you, King."
Luz says: "It was all that was left."
King says: "If you'll accept it, that is?"
Willow says: "Thank you, King."
Gus says: "Yeah."
Gus says: "I've always wanted to own a jagged piece of cheap metal."
Luz says: "That's very sweet."
King says: "I'm sorry, Luz."
King says: "Demons do crazy things when they've been missing somebody."
King says: "Hey, we still have a few hours of carnival left."
King says: "Wanna hit those bumper carcasses?"
Luz says: "You bread my mind."
King says: "Yes!"
King says: "Bread puns."
King says: "Bread puns forever."
Luz says: "You coming, Eda?"
Eda says: "Nah."
Eda says: "I think I got everything I wanted."
The stands collapse behind Eda.
Eda says: "Yep."
Eda says: "Another great year at the carnival."
Cut to the Owl House, where Hooty is talking to the fly.
Hooty says: "Boy, fly, we sure get into some wacky hijinks, don't we?"
The door opens, King, Eda, and Luz peek in.
Hooty says: "Sure feel sorry for anyone that missed seeing us two rabble-rousers getting into scrapes."
Luz, Eda, and King all duck back out, closing the door.
Hooty says: "Good thing I brought a camera."
Hooty says: "Yep."
Hooty says: "Hooty and fly."
Hooty says: "Together forever."
Hooty says: "You and me."
Hooty says: "Every single day--  Now I know what friendship taste like."
Hooty says: "Yum."
Hooty says: "Taste like a bug."