Open on Eda's Human Collectibles stand in the market. King holds up a tray of mostly inedible human things.
King says: "Partake of my free snack samples!"
King says: "Take it!"
King says: "I demand it as your ruler, the King of Demons!"
Several people past but none even look at him. He throws the tray on the ground.
King says: "Nyeh!"
King says: "Why isn't anyone paying attention to me?"
King says: "I'm their rightful overlord."
King says: "Intellectually and such."
Eda says: "Yeah..."
Eda says: "hey!"
Eda says: "It reeks more of nerd than money today."
Luz says: "Guys!"
Passerby says: "Ah!"
Luz says: "You will not believe what's going on!"
Luz says: "It's a book fair!"
Luz says: "Where books come to life!"
A book jumps off one of the stands next to her.
Book says: "Hello."
King says: "A fair without rides?"
Boy says: "Who needs rides when this  can take you anywhere?"
King says: "Nyeh."
King throws a strip of bacon on the boy's head. A winged demon flies by and picks him up. The boy screams.
Eda says: "A, ew."
Eda says: "B, I'm bored."
Eda says: "C, I feel like pickpocketing some dork while they browse."
Luz says: "No, wait!"
Luz says: "Will you give it a chance?"
Luz says: "I'll let you ride in my hoodie!"
King says: "Ooohoohoohoo!"
Cut to Luz walking through the book fair with King in her hood.
Luz says: "This book fair's got everything!"
Luz says: "A zine-making workshop, meet and greets, and- what's that?"
Luz says: "A writing competition!"
Luz says: "?"
Luz says: "I've always wanted to be a writer."
King says: "Writer?"
King says: "What?"
King says: "I thought you wanted to be a witch?"
Luz says: "Of course I wanna be a witch."
Luz says: "But where I'm from that's kinda..."
Luz says: "impossible."
Luz says: "So my runner up dream was to be a writer."
Luz says: "I've had this about the author picture since I was seven years old."
Luz says: "I know my good angle."
Luz says: "I'm gonna enter the competition."
King says: "Ugh!"
King says: "What are these basement dwellers doing out in natural sunlight?"
Tiny Nose says: "Um!"
Tiny Nose says: "We're in line for Jon De Plume, most famous writer on the Boiling Isles, famed author of the Realm Warriors series!"
Tiny Nose says: "I'm gonna have him read my story..."
Tiny Nose says: "and marry me."
Cut to Jon signing a book.
Man says: "Jon, will you sign my child?"
Jon says: "I'll sign anything!"
King says: "Such power."
King says: "Such command he holds over his minions."
King says: "I must have the same!"
King says: "Luz the human!"
King says: "I too shall enter the competition."
Luz says: "Really?"
Luz says: "We could work together!"
Luz says: "It'll be perfect!"
Luz says: "We're best friends, so we'll make the best team!"
King says: "Team!"
King says: "Yes!"
Luz begins walking away.
King says: "My name goes first on the cover."
THEME.
Eda says: "Another wrinkle!"
Eda says: "The curse is quickening!"
Lilith says: "You, lackey."
Eda ducks behind a banner that says "READ OR... DIE". She lifts the banner and glares at Lilith.
Eda says: "Lilith..."
Lilith says: "Do you have the item we discussed?"
Merchant says: "Oh!"
Merchant says: "Yes, right here."
Lilith says: "This is excellent."
Lilith says: "A map to the Bloom of Eternal Youth."
Lilith says: "I think the emperor will be very pleased."
Steve says: "Ma'am, shouldn't we be searching for the Owl Lady to join the coven?"
Steve says: "Remember that whole plan."
Lilith says: "My sister's curse has left her frail."
Lilith says: "She'll still be here when we get back."
Steve says: "Yeah!"
Steve says: "All hail the emperor!"
Lilith says: "Very good Steve!"
Steve says: "Shoulder pats for Steve!"
Eda says: "Hey bub, what'd you sell my prissy sister?"
Merchant says: "Oh!"
Merchant says: "It's a map to the Bloom of Eternal Youth."
Merchant says: "A rare flower that only grows once a millennia."
Merchant says: "Like the name says, it gives eternal youth to whomever holds it."
Eda says: "Interesting."
Eda says: "So Lilith wants to nab this power for the emperor, huh."
Eda says: "Well, won't she be surprised when I get there first and get it for myself!"
Eda says: "Hah!"
Eda says: "That'll show her who's frail."
Merchant says: "Can't go without a map of course."
He hands Eda one. She takes it and opens it, grinning.
Cut to Luz's room in the Owl House, where she puts down a large corkboard.
Luz says: "Now, let's write down some ideas that we want to see in the story."
King says: "I can write anything?"
Luz says: "Yeah!"
Luz says: "We're brainstorming, every idea is a good idea."
Luz says: "Aw, is that all you want to see?"
Luz says: "Hmm."
Cut to later, with the corkboard mostly full of notecards. Luz pins up three more, reading what's on them as she goes.
Luz says: "Romance!"
Luz says: "Magic!"
Luz says: "Heartbreak with shimmer tears."
Luz says: "And, the main character is, of course, ahhh, Luzura!"
Luz says: "I know it's kind of cliché, but what's wrong with cliché?"
She pins her character card to the board. King pins his, a stick figure drawing of himself, next to it.
King says: "Nyeh!"
King says: "And my main character is the King..."
King says: "err..."
King says: "the Ruler of Demons!"
King says: "With this totally original, all-star cast, victory will be ours!"
Luz puts a typewriter onto a desk and sits behind it.
Luz says: "Now for the easy part."
[Cue montage. King stares at the corkboard says: ""Step 1: Find Cat."
now with "ACT 1" says: ""Step 1: Find Cat."
"ACT 2" says: ""Step 1: Find Cat."
"ACT 3" on larger notecards in the middle. Luz puts a giant piece of paper over the acts of a drawing of Luzura says: ""Step 1: Find Cat."
Ruler standing in front of an explosion. King says: ""Step 1: Find Cat."
Luz high-five. Cut to Luz writing the following on a chalkboard says: ""Step 1: Find Cat."
[Cue montage. King stares at the corkboard says: "Step 2: Endanger Cat."
now with "ACT 1" says: "Step 2: Endanger Cat."
"ACT 2" says: "Step 2: Endanger Cat."
"ACT 3" on larger notecards in the middle. Luz puts a giant piece of paper over the acts of a drawing of Luzura says: "Step 2: Endanger Cat."
Ruler standing in front of an explosion. King says: "Step 2: Endanger Cat."
Luz high-five. Cut to Luz writing the following on a chalkboard says: "Step 2: Endanger Cat."
King says: ""Luzura's tears fell on the frozen prince, bringing him back to life."
King says: "" Ehhh it just seems kind of unrealistic."
Luz says: "I see what you're saying."
Luz says: "But in your version, Ruler just destroys everything."
Luz says: "I think a little romantic tension could help the scene."
King says: "Hey, there's more to life than shipping."
Luz says: "Don't you dare insult shipping in my presence!"
Eda says: "Apprentice!"
Eda says: "Living room!"
Luz says: "I'll be back, we'll figure this out, okay writing buddy?"
King says: "My turn to write!"
Cut to the living room, where Eda is looking at the map.
Luz says: "Hey!"
Eda closes the map.
Luz says: "What's up boss lady?"
Eda says: "I am popping out for a few days to an undisclosed place to do undisclosed things."
Eda says: "You're in charge."
Luz says: "Great!"
Eda says: "No questions!"
Luz says: "Okay!"
Eda says: "I said no questions!"
Luz shrugs. Cut back to her room.
Luz says: "Well King, it's just you and me for a while."
In the minute she's been gone, King has transformed the room. Drawings of King and screaming people are on the corkboard. Luzura is now in the trash. King is typing peacefully.
King says: "Hey hey Luz, great news!"
Luz says: "What have you done?!"
Luz says: "!"
Even the banner has been changed, now reading "RULER'S REACH".
King says: "I just made a few tiny edits and this baby is humming!"
Luz says: "Luzura dies?"
King says: "I know, right!"
King says: "What a twist!"
Luz says: "King, I know you're trying to help, but I think you're crossing a line."
King says: "Yeah, into greatness."
King says: "Don't you want us to win?"
Luz says: "If this is how you want to win, maybe you should submit the story on your own."
King says: "What?"
King says: "Bah!"
King says: "What does she know?"
Typewriter says: "What the heck man?"
Typewriter says: "Learn to collaborate."
King says: "Hush you!"
King says: "I'll prove to both of you my story is superior."
Cut to Grimgrub's Pub. King bursts in.
King says: "Hey you scum!"
King says: "Which one of you wants to read my literary masterpiece!"
King says: "Anyone brave enough?"
King is thrown out of the pub.
King says: "Oof!"
His book is thrown out and hits him in the head.
King says: "Nyah!"
King says: "Ugh."
Piniet says: "I'll read your story."
Piniet says: "You wrote this?"
King says: "Yup, that's me!"
King says: "Only me."
Piniet says: "Let me get you a fruit punch."
King says: "Ooh."
King says: "I love punching."
Cut to inside. Piniet snaps. A glass of fruit punch is slid on the counter toward King.
Piniet says: "I'm Piniet, of Piniet Publishing House."
Piniet says: "And your name is..."
Piniet says: "King?"
King says: "It's more of a rank than a name."
Piniet says: "I loved your story, so much better than the submissions we got for the competition."
Piniet says: "I want to buy it and publish it for everyone to read."
Piniet says: "I'll make you as famous as Jon De Plume."
Camera pans to Jon De Plume getting cheered on by fans as he does finger guns. He falls backwards, and Amelia and Skara rush to act as a chair for him.
King says: "I've always wanted a people chair!"
King says: "I'm in!"
King says: "This will be my first step in my reclamation of power!"
Piniet says: "Then all you have to do is sign here."
Piniet puts the contract on the counter. King dunks his paw in the punch and smacks it on the signature line. The contract glows when Piniet picks it up. He rolls it and puts it back in his jacket.
King says: "You're ominous."
King says: "And I like it."
Piniet says: "Get ready to be famous Mr."
Piniet says: "King."
They shake hands.
Cut to a forge, where creatures are jumping on a bellow. A witch pulls a molten ball out of the fireplace. They strike it with a hammer, then cool it in a barrel. The cooled chunk smashes on a table, revealing King's book. Cut to a cartful of the books arriving at a bookstore. Mattholomule takes a bundle of them out and tosses it on the welcome mat, which carries it inside.
Welcome Mat says: "Ouch!"
Welcome Mat says: "Jeez."
Cut to the market.
Reviewnicorn says: "It's the perfect blend of heart and heartlessness!"
Reviewnicorn says: "Like two authors mashed into one!"
Cut to the library, where a cardboard cutout of King is leaning against a stand of Ruler's Reaches. A crowd comes and goes, leaving no book behind. Skara returns to kiss and steal the cardboard cutout. Cut to King wearing a jacket, scarf, and sunglasses as he walks the streets of Bonesborough, past bookstores and loaded shelves.
King Cardboard Cutout says: "Spend money on my thing I wrote."
King Cardboard Cutout says: "Spend money on my thing I wrote."
Crowd says: "Oh my God!"
Crowd says: "it's the King, I can't believe it!"
The crowd tosses King into the air. More people arrive, waving their copies of Ruler's Reach and pens.
Tiny Nose says: "Mr."
Tiny Nose says: "King!"
Tiny Nose says: "I love your writing."
Tiny Nose says: "Please read my story!"
Tiny Nose says: "You're my inspiration."
Cut to the forest. Eda walks into a clearing, consulting her map. She rips vines off of a statue.
Eda says: "Okay, from the Minitaur, I head due north, and with luck, I'll get to the Bloom of Eternal Youth before Lilith!"
Eda says: "Who's frail now, emperor dorks?"
Eda says: "Someone's following me."
With a snap, she summons a blue sword. She ducks behind the statue. Lilith walks into the clearing, looking worse for wear. Eda summons a fireball and runs out from behind the statue.
Eda says: "Spicy toss!"
Lilith says: "Aah!"
Eda says: "Lilly?"
Lilith says: "Edalyn?"
Eda vanishes both of her weapons.
Lilith says: "And of course you would be here just to be a nuisance."
Lilith says: "Why don't you go home and rest?"
Lilith says: "Wouldn't want you breaking a hip."
Eda says: "Sorry sister, I'm stronger than you think."
Eda says: "I'm here to save the Bloom of Eternal Youth from the likes of you."
Eda says: "And I'm gonna get there before you!"
Lilith says: "Aah!"
Lilith says: "No you won't!"
Cut to Luz's room. Luz is writing on the typewriter.
King says: "Hey Luz!"
Luz looks up and glares at King.
King says: "Guess who won the writing competition and became a blockbuster writer superstar?"
He slides into the room while Luz resumes typing.
King says: "You're right, it's me!"
King says: "Me!"
King says: "Do you wanna touch my scarf?"
King says: "A fan crocheted it out of their own hair!"
King says: "It smells so bad!"
Luz continues typing.
King says: "My publisher is throwing a huge party for my book, Ruler's Reach."
Luz sweeps the invitation off the table. It hits the floor and she continues typing.
King says: "Alright, fine!"
King says: "Be that way I guess."
King leaves. Luz stops typing and looks up.
Typewriter says: "Girl, you don't need him."
Luz says: "But I don't want to be mad at him either."
She picks up the invitation and opens it. Inside is a golden paper that says "MEET THE AUTHOR TONIGHT ONLY @ BONESBOROUGH LIBRARY". A picture of King in a blue sweater is in the middle.
Cut to the library, which has an extensive line outside of it. Inside, King and Piniet are sitting at a table.
Fan says: "Your fans are dying to know when Ruler's Reach 2 comes out!"
King says: "That's between me and my publisher, right Piniet?"
Piniet says: "Yes."
Piniet says: "Ooh pardon me, I need a few moments of King's time."
Piniet walks off. King looks back at his fans and throws a peace sign, making them scream. Cut to the aisle in front of the romance section.
King says: "Where's Jon De Plume at?"
King says: "I wanted to compare sunglasses."
Piniet says: "Oh he's taking a break to finish his latest masterpiece."
Piniet says: "Fame can really box you in, you know?"
Piniet says: "Uh, speaking of, how's your second book coming along?"
King says: "Coming along?"
King says: "Or finished!"
King says: "Bam!"
King says: "Haha!"
King says: "Ruler's Reach 2 - now with more swears!"
Piniet says: "Ahhh!"
Piniet says: "Splendid!"
Piniet says: "Oh you cad!"
Piniet says: "Not only are you a great writer, but a practical joker as well!"
King says: "That's true- wait, what?"
Piniet says: "Oh, this is truly awful!"
Piniet says: "Looking forward to the real draft."
King says: "Truly awful?"
King says: "But I'm a best-selling writer."
King says: "How?"
Luz enters the library, looking generally disinterested.
King says: "Luz!"
King says: "I can't write without her!"
King runs up to Luz.
King says: "Luz, buddy!"
King says: "I'm so glad you could make it!"
Luz says: "Hey King, I didn't wanna be angry at your success."
Luz says: "You're my friend."
Luz says: "So, congratulations!"
King says: "Great to hear, 'cause I really need your help with my next book!"
Luz says: "Huh?"
King says: "Apparently I can't write my daring works of genius without rebelling against your gushy fantasy slop!"
Luz says: "Excuse me?"
King says: "We make a great team!"
King says: "So, here's a pen."
King says: "Writey writey, clock's a-tickin'!"
Luz takes the pen and drops it, making the gathered crowd gasp.
Luz says: "I'm not writing for you after you made fun of all my ideas!"
King says: "Hey!"
King says: "What the heck?"
King says: "What am I gonna do?"
King says: "I can't write without her!"
Piniet says: "Hmm..."
Cut to the forest. Eda and Lilith both run by, panting. A shadow follows them.
Eda says: "Ha!"
Eda says: "Doesn't this remind you of how we used to race to the kitchen, Lilly?"
Eda says: "Lilly?"
Lilith says: "Mmm!"
Lilith says: "Mmm!"
The camera pans up to show Lilith, wrapped up, being held by a crab-like monster. The monster growls as Lilith tries to free herself.
Eda says: "Lilly!"
Eda summons a large fireball. The crab monster goes flying into the distance. Lilith falls into a bush with a muffled yell. Eda helps her up.
Eda says: "Alley-Oop!"
Lilith says: "Ugh, thank you Edalyn!"
Lilith says: "I wasn't certain that you'd save me."
Eda says: "Stow it!"
Eda says: "Ugh, we might fight, but you're still my sister."
Eda says: "And besides, if someone's gonna be putting you down, it's gonna be me."
Eda says: "Ha!"
Lilith says: "Is that?"
Eda presses her face to Lilith's. Through the trees, a glowing pink flower looms.
Eda says: "The Bloom of Eternal Youth!"
Eda says: "Alright back off, that baby's mine."
Lilith says: "Why are you always like this?"
Eda says: "Because Lilith, you think I'm just some tired old biddy."
Eda says: "Ah, but I'm more than that."
Eda says: "And with the Bloom of Eternal Youth's power, I'll show you!"
The flower disappears from her hand.
The merchant's shadow falls over Eda as he stands atop the stone behind the flower. Lilith walks up next to Eda.
Cut to the library, where Luz is going toward the exit. She sees one of the many posters of King around the building.
Luz says: "They got his good angle."
A shadow falls over her. Two large reptilian-like guards are in front of her.
Luz says: "Uh, can I help you?"
The guards step aside to reveal Piniet.
Piniet says: "Perhaps."
Piniet says: "I hear you're an aspiring writer."
Cut to the theater in the covention center. The stands are packed. Hanging in the center of the theater is a towering banner for Ruler's Reach 2.
Crowd says: "King!"
Crowd says: "King!"
Crowd says: "King!"
Boy says: "I can't wait for the sequel!"
Amelia says: "If it's disappointing in any way, I will spend every day of my life trashing it!"
Cut to King looking at the audience nervously from behind a curtain.
King says: "Oh boy."
King says: "Hemming."
King says: "Hawing."
King says: "Piniet, I gotta come clean."
King says: "We can't announce book two."
King says: "I can't write without..."
King says: "without..."
Piniet says: "Without your writing partner?"
Piniet smirks evilly. He and King enter a dressing room. Luz is inside, in a translucent purple box.
Luz says: "King!"
King says: "Luz!"
Luz says: "That snappily dressed lizard trapped me in this shrinking box."
Piniet tightens his fist. The box shrinks and hits Luz in the head.
Luz says: "You gotta get me out!"
King says: "What are you doing with her?"
King says: "Let her go!"
Piniet says: "You wrote Ruler's Reach together."
Piniet says: "So if you don't want her crushed, you'll write together again."
Luz and King both give him kicked-puppy looks.
Piniet says: "Oh, don't give me that look."
Piniet says: "Some of the best books were written in literal crunch time."
The box shrinks again.
Luz says: "That's a toxic mentality that contributes to burnout and unrealistic expectations!"
Luz says: "King, do something!"
King says: "Set her free, now!"
Piniet says: "Not until I get my best-seller."
Piniet says: "You'll recall you are under contract."
Piniet pulls the contract out of his jacket. The paper glows. King floats.
King says: "Ah!"
King says: "Nyeh!"
A hole opens in the box.
Luz says: "Ah!"
King is flung through the hole.
King says: "Oof!"
Piniet says: "Make your deadline, or you'll never be able to hold a pen again."
Piniet says: "Just like..."
Piniet holds up Jon De Plume, now shrunk into a cube.
Jon De Plume says: "Help me!"
King says: "No!"
Piniet opens a briefcase, in which are dozens of other cubed authors. They scream for help.
Author #1 says: "Help us!"
Author #2 says: "Get us out of here!"
Piniet puts Jon De Plume into an empty slot and closes the briefcase.
Piniet says: "I'll leave you to it."
The box shrinks again.
King says: "We're not getting out of here until we write a book, and that'll take forever!"
King says: "We're cube meat!"
Luz says: "Well, I have my story."
King says: "But it's all hugging and crying!"
King says: "I can't put my name on that."
Luz says: "King, that is why we are in here!"
Luz says: "Because YOU, can't compromise!"
Luz says: "All I wanted was to write a dumb story with my friend."
King says: "Luz, you're living your dream."
King says: "You're becoming a witch."
King says: "But this celebrity is as close as I'll ever get to my dream."
King says: "It all went to my head, and I hurt you."
King says: "I'm sorry."
Luz says: "Hey,  being with you is one of my favorite parts of this dream."
The box shrinks again.
Luz says: "I have a plan."
Luz says: "But we need to work together this time."
King says: "Just tell me what to do."
Cut to the forest.
Merchant says: "I know you must be confused."
Merchant says: "The Bloom of Eternal Youth, dead?"
Merchant says: "What if I told you the Bloom never existed at all!"
Merchant says: "And now that I have led you to my nest, I'll suck all the life out of you to satisfy my unending hunger!"
Lilith says: "He scammed us."
Lilith says: "Can you believe he scammed us?"
Eda says: "I thought there was a 50/50 chance going in."
Eda says: "Hard not to admire the tenacity though."
Lilith says: "Good entrance, but that outfit?"
Lilith says: "Ha!"
Eda says: "Look at his little shoes!"
Lilith says: "Stop it."
Merchant says: "Well, maybe you've never been led into a lethal trap before, but the response should be, "Aa!"
Merchant says: "No!"
Merchant says: "Spare us!"
Eda and Lilith share a look.
Eda says: "Ah, sure."
Eda says: "Spare us."
Lilith says: "Woe to us whose fates are sealed."
Merchant says: "Tha-That's right, witches!"
Merchant says: "Cower!"
Merchant says: "Cower?"
Cut to the covention hall, where Piniet is stacking the cubed authors into a tower. The tower falls.
Piniet says: "Aw, dang."
King says: "Hey Piniet!"
King says: "We're done!"
The door to the dressing room opens. The box is now so small King has to be under Luz's legs, which are bent in order to fit.
Piniet says: "Faster than I expected!"
King says: "That's the miracle of teamwork!"
[A hole opens in the top of the box. Luz holds up her manuscript says: "Luzura and the Shimminger Tears of Love + Hate."
[A hole opens in the top of the box. Luz holds up her manuscript says: ""+ Hate" is added in red while the rest is blue."
[A hole opens in the top of the box. Luz holds up her manuscript says: "Piniet takes it and flips through part of it."
[A hole opens in the top of the box. Luz holds up her manuscript says: "The box shrinks slightly."
Piniet says: "This is much more gushy than your last book."
King says: "Skip to the finale, because it is quite a payoff."
Piniet rolls his eyes. He keeps reading. Luz and King prepare to move. Piniet gets to the last page.
Piniet says: "What is this all about?"
He flips it around to reveal a light glyph drawn on the last page.
Luz says: "Light spell!"
Luz reaches through the hole in the box and activates the glyph. The manuscript catches fire and turns into a blinding ball of light that rapidly disappears.
Piniet says: "Ugh!"
King says: "Ugh, I just realized I should've said enlightening."
King says: ""Skip to the finale, you'll find it enlightening."
Luz says: "King!"
Luz says: "The contract!"
King's contract is hanging out of Piniet's pocket.
King says: "Pretentious scarf, go!"
King uses the scarf as a lasso and pulls Piniet toward them. Luz grabs the contract and rips it in half with her teeth. The box explodes.
Piniet says: "I made you a star, and this is how you repay me?"
King says: "No, this is!"
King opens Piniet's briefcase. The cubed authors jump out and attack Piniet, screaming. Luz runs past, carrying King. They run into the two reptilian guards at the door. Piniet frees himself of the authors.
Piniet says: "You are making this harder than it needs to be!"
Piniet says: "And believe me, I am being very patient!"
Piniet says: "But let's..."
Piniet pulls a pen from his jacket. He pops the cap off and presses a button. The nib of the pen extends into a large two headed battle axe, which he raises above his head.
Piniet says: "..."
Piniet says: "cut to the finish."
The doors are burst open, sending the guards flying.
All says: "Huh?"
Tiny Nose says: "King!"
Tiny Nose says: "I am your biggest fan!"
Tiny Nose says: "And I fought my way back here for you..."
Tiny Nose says: "to read my story?"
King says: "I'm sorry, my lawyer advised me not to look at unsolicited work."
Tiny Nose says: "But..."
Tiny Nose says: "but..."
Tiny Nose says: "eep!"
Piniet says: "Ugh!"
Piniet says: "If I read this, will you go?"
Piniet says: "So I can annihilate them in peace?"
Tiny Nose says: "Of course!"
Piniet tosses his battle axe, adjusts his glasses, and slowly reads. Luz and King look at each other, then one of the guards. The guard shrugs. Piniet finishes the story. He's nearly crying.
Piniet says: "Oh, it's beautiful!"
Piniet says: "You, you must let me publish this!"
Piniet says: "I can make you a star!"
Tiny Nose says: "Really!"
King says: "Wait a minute."
King says: "What about King?"
Piniet says: "Ugh!"
Author #3 says: "Whoo-hoo!"
Author #4 says: "Freedom!"
King says: "Hey!"
Luz says: "King!"
Luz says: "We're good then?"
Piniet says: "Yes, quite."
Luz picks King up and backs out of the dressing room.
Tiny Nose says: "Pachew, pachew."
Cut to the forest, where the merchant is beat up.
Eda says: "Well, we wrecked this chump."
Eda says: "But I guess the Bloom of Eternal Youth isn't real."
Lilith says: "Well, if it makes any difference, I don't consider you to be a tired old bitty."
Eda says: "Really?"
Lilith says: "If you were, you'd be much easier to catch."
Eda says: "Oh great, you're gonna cart me away to the coven now, are you?"
Lilith says: "Not now."
Lilith says: "Because I want to give you a chance to join on your own!"
Lilith says: "Join me in the Emperor's Coven, Edalyn."
Lilith says: "He could even heal your curse."
Eda says: "No, I'll heal it on my own terms."
Eda says: "I don't wanna owe him anything."
Eda says: "Catch you later, sis."
Lilith says: "Not if I catch you first."
Merchant says: "You're welcome for the chance to bond."
Cut to the Owl House as Eda lands outside. Luz and King are snoring on the couch until Eda opens the door.
Eda says: "Hey, kids."
Eda says: "Woof."
Eda says: "That was a rough couple days."
Luz says: "Yeah, I'll say."
Eda says: "Ah."
Eda says: "Well, nothing a bit of apple blood and a good book can't mend."
Luz says: "Books?"
King says: "Nope, I don't know nothing about that."
Luz says: "We hate books."
Luz says: "Wow, look at the time!"
King says: "What's a book?"
King says: "Good night!"
Luz does a back-handspring out of the room while King just runs away. Eda watches them go, then notices Ruler's Reach on the coffee table.
Eda says: "Huh?"
Typewriter says: "Girl, you do not want to know."