Open on a Hexside classroom, in which is the Human Appreciation Society. Various human items, incorrectly labelled, are on a desk. Among them are a cheese grater labeled "nail clippers," a bag of chips closed with a flip phone labelled "whoopie cushion," an upside down umbrella hat filled with leaves labelled "food bowl," a Rubik's Cube labelled "weapon?", and a paper clip labelled "pay-per-clorp.".
Gus says: "Behold."
Gus says: "The wonders of the human realm."
Gus says: "This little fella's one of their most valued objects."
Gus says: "It aids in the compiling of printed wisdom, the scratching of gunk from under your nails, and my favorite..."
Gus says: "It even mimics the sounds of the human ocean."
Gus says: "Aah!"
Gus says: "The human realm."
Gus says: "So beautiful."
Gus says: "It's safe to say that the pay‐per‐clorp is a stunning testament to human ingenuity."
Gus says: "Any questions?"
He turns around to face the rest of the club. Eileen, Bo, and the unicorn Bard track student are all falling asleep, and Mattholomule looks thoroughly bored. He raises his hand.
Gus says: "Ah!"
Gus says: "Our newest member: Mattholomule."
Mattholomule says: "A‐Augustus, is this what the president of the Human Appreciation Society thinks passes as "Human Artifacts"?"
Gus looks confused.
Mattholomule says: "Because at my old school,  we had real treasures."
Mattholomule empties his bag onto the desk, dumping out a rock painted to look like a cell phone, an egg with a skull painted on it, and a shoe made out of mud, leaves, and twigs. They're labelled "cellular phone," "human skull," and "sports footwear" respectively. The other members of the club gasp and lean closer to them.
Bo says: "So real."
Boy says: "Wow!"
Bo says: "I‐‐ I wanna touch them."
Mattholomule says: "Go ahead."
Mattholomule says: "In my club, we didn't have any dumb rules."
Gus says: "Shh."
Gus says: "He didn't mean that."
Gus glares at everyone touching Mattholomule's objects, then takes them away.
Boy says: "Hey!"
Bo says: "What?"
Gus says: "Well, this isn't your club."
Gus says: "Thankfully."
Mattholomule says: "Exactly, who thinks I should be president?"
Eileen says: "I do!"
Bo says: "Mattholomule for prez."
Boy says: "I'm an undecided voter."
Boy says: "I wanna touch all the objects first."
Eileen and Bo talk over each other as Gus picks up the "phone.".
Gus says: "These are fakes."
Bo says: "What?"
Mattholomule says: "You're just trying to distract these human appreciators."
Mattholomule says: "You're afraid of getting kicked out of office."
Mattholomule says: "It's your word versus mine."
Bo says: "I don't know what to believe in anymore."
Boy says: "My faith in Gus has been broken."
Gus walks backwards into the chalkboard. He looks at a newspaper clip with a picture of Luz on it.
Gus says: "What if I brought in an expert?"
Mattholomule says: "Yeah, right."
Mattholomule says: "Who can you find that's a bigger human expert than any of us?"
Gus says: "How about a real human?"
Bo says: "Why the secrets?"
Boy says: "Show don't tell, man."
Mattholomule says: "Yeah."
Mattholomule says: "Uh‐huh."
Mattholomule says: "A‐And you've never brought your friend here."
Mattholomule says: "Why?"
Gus says: "Well, she's busy."
Gus says: "She's got a job."
Gus says: "But I'll bring her in tomorrow."
Gus says: "She'll prove I'm right."
Mattholomule says: "Ah, sure you will, Augustus."
Mattholomule says: "Sure you will."
Gus grows visibly nervous.
THEME.
Cut to the Owl House living room, where Luz and Eda are rummaging through boxes. King is laying on the couch and Gus is standing in front of Luz.
Luz says: "Gus, I'd love to go to school with you, but I don't know how I can."
Luz says: "Principal Bump banned me from Hexide."
Eda says: "But nothing."
Eda says: "Bump did you a favor."
Eda says: "There ain't nothing for you at that dweebus factory."
Eda says: "No offense, dweebus."
Gus says: "It's okay."
Gus says: "I come from a long line of dweebuses."
Luz slams the box she's holding down, making it clatter. She stands and looks at Eda.
Luz says: "Well, I would love to go some day."
Luz says: "Better than unpacking boxes in the Eda Coven."
Eda says: "Oh, you think you're clever, huh?"
King says: "Ooh!"
King says: "Fight, fight, fight!"
Eda says: "Can it, King!"
Eda says: "First off, it's the "Bad Girl Coven" and second off, I guess you don't want in on the T‐shirt order, huh?"
She pulls out a piece of paper with a t-shirt drawn on it as rock music plays.
Luz says: "I don't care about T‐shirts, Eda!"
Luz says: "I want to learn magic,  and they teach that at Hexside!"
Eda says: "I mean, yeah, well, ‐‐ I don't wanna hear another word about Hexside, unless it's "Hexside is on fire" and "let's grab front row seats"!"
King says: "Aw, look what you did."
King says: "I'm gonna go rub it in."
King says: "Nyeh!"
Gus says: "L‐Luz, a‐about the ban, I, uh, used my H."
Gus says: "A."
Gus says: "S."
Gus says: "presidential authority to pull some strings."
Gus says: "You've been given a full pardon!"
Luz says: "You mean..."
Gus says: "I got the ban lifted!"
Luz says: "Oh my gosh."
Luz says: "Yes, yes, yes!"
Luz says: "Of course I'll be there tomorrow!"
Luz says: "Gus, this will be great!"
Luz says: "I get to see the school and save the president."
Gus says: "Great!"
Gus says: "I'll see you tomorrow!"
Gus leaves.
Gus says: "Yes!"
Gus says: "You did it, Gus!"
Hooty says: "Sweet moves, little dude."
Gus says: "I always forget you're there."
Hooty says: "I forget I'm here too."
Hooty says: "Boop."
Gus says: "This is gonna work out after all."
Cut to Willow and Gus standing outside of Hexside the next day.
Willow says: "This isn't gonna work out at all."
Gus says: "Well, I feel like I took care of any potential problems."
Willow says: "You lied to our best friend and told her you got the ban lifted."
Willow says: "That seems like a potential problem to me."
Gus says: "You don't understand."
Gus says: "The members were going mad."
Gus says: "They were bloodthirsty."
Gus says: "They were touching objects."
Gus says: "I had no choice!"
Willow says: "Really?"
Willow says: "What about all the wanted posters around school?"
Gus says: "To keep her undercover."
Luz says: "Undercover from what?"
Gus slams the cowl backwards over her head as she squeaks.
Gus says: "Behold your new cowl."
Luz says: "Whoa."
Luz says: "I love it."
Gus turns the cowl around and pulls the hood down.
Luz says: "On the Boiling Isles new things smell old."
Gus says: "Yep."
Gus says: "Put it on."
Gus says: "Hide your ears."
Gus says: "Wanna keep you under wraps 'till the big reveal."
Willow frowns.
Luz says: "Oh, a showman."
Luz says: "I totally get it."
Luz says: "You bring the razzle,  I'll bring the dazzle."
Luz throws handfuls of confetti. Willow and Gus stare at her.
Willow says: "Do you always have confetti on you or..."
Gus's watch demon screams and bites his arm. He pokes it in the eye to make it stop.
Gus says: "That's my alarm."
Gus says: "Uh, we better get going."
Gus says: "See you after school, Willow."
Luz says: "Bye, friend."
Luz says: "Be safe."
Luz says: "Make good choices."
Willow says: "Oh, Gus."
Willow says: "I hope you know what you're doing."
Cut to the Owl House, where Eda is moping outside.
Eda says: "I'm trying to protect her."
Eda says: "Hexside chews up anything unique and spits out bland mush."
Hooty says: "I chew insects."
Hooty says: "I turn them into mush."
Eda says: "But that's my beef."
Eda says: "Does she need to draw her own conclusions?"
Hooty says: "My beef is insects."
Hooty says: "They're what I eat."
Eda says: "You're just gonna be unhelpful, huh?"
Hooty says: "All I know is, you taught me and I turned out just fine."
He sticks out his tongue in an attempt to get the fly walking next to his head, making a gagging sound. Eda watches in concern.
Eda says: "I gotta get that girl into school."
Cut to the hallways of Hexside. A Beast Keeping witch's backpack flies off of him.
Student #1 says: "Whoa!"
Student #1 says: "Hey!"
Student #1 says: "Give that back!"
Student #2 says: "Huh?"
Student #2 says: "Whoa!"
He's dragged away by a hook to the school guards.
School Guard says: "Trouble."
The first student's backpack falls to the ground as the third backs away nervously. He is also caught by a hook.
Student #3 says: "Huh?"
Student #3 says: "No!"
Student #3 says: "Detention!"
Student #2 says: "The only thing I'm guilty of is being too real!"
Luz says: "That's new."
Gus says: "Well, they kinda showed up after your last visit."
Gus says: "They smell trouble."
Gus says: "Literally."
School Guard says: "Trouble."
Gus says: "Okay, time to run for no particular reason."
Gus runs into Mattholomule. All of Luz's wanted posters and his president crown fall out of his bag.
Mattholomule says: "Augustus, you should really watch where you going."
Mattholomule says: "Don't want the president of the H."
Mattholomule says: "A."
Mattholomule says: "S."
Mattholomule says: "getting hurt on his last day in office."
Mattholomule says: "This must be your human."
Mattholomule says: "Hmm."
Mattholomule says: "Looks like another witchling to me."
Gus says: "Psst."
Gus says: "Psst!"
Gus says: "Dazzle."
Luz says: "Oh."
Luz says: "Ta‐da!"
Mattholomule says: "A human!"
Gus says: "Not just any human."
Gus says: "An expert human."
Luz says: "Yeah."
Luz says: "I've been doing this for years."
Gus says: "She's here to authenticate your treasures."
Gus says: "See you at the meeting."
Mattholomule says: "Oh, no, no, no, no!"
Mattholomule says: "Ooh, Gus, I have you now."
Cut to outside of Hexside, where Eda is staring up at the building as wind howls.
Eda says: "Ugh."
Eda says: "I had this nightmare before."
She walks inside. Cut to a hallway.
Gus says: "As president of the H."
Gus says: "A."
Gus says: "S."
Gus says: ", I should feel bad about dunking on one of our own members."
Luz walks over to a trophy case.
Luz says: "Wow!"
Luz says: "Who got the trophy for the most bones?"
Gus runs in and drags Luz away.
Luz says: "Whoa!"
Gus says: "We don't have time for this right now."
Gus says: "We gotta get to the clubroom."
Luz says: "Okay."
Luz says: "But next time you have to give me a full tour."
Gus says: "Yeah, next time."
They stop when they see the abomination professor.
Luz says: "Ooh."
Luz says: "It's the abomination professor."
Luz says: "I should introduce myself."
Luz says: "Apologize for the incident."
Luz says: "Hey, Mr."
Luz says: "Abomination Professor."
Luz says: "The "abominominator."
Luz says: "" Remember me?"
He narrows his eyes at her.
Gus says: "Oh, wouldn't you know?"
Gus says: "We suddenly have time for a full tour of Hexside."
Gus pushes Luz away. Cut to Principal Bump's office, where Eda takes a pencil out of a mug.
Eda says: "Been quite a while since I've sat here, huh?"
She puts the pencil on her top lip and reclines in the chair, crossing her feet next to Principal Bump's name plate. He stares at her shoes.
Eda says: "I gotta admit it's extra weird without you yelling at me for picking fights or stealing."
Principal Bump says: "I can easily change that."
Eda says: "Ow!"
Principal Bump says: "What are you doing here, Edalyn?"
Eda says: "I want to‐‐ Prft!"
Eda says: "I want to enroll my human, Luz, at Hexside."
Principal Bump says: "That's not a bad idea."
Eda says: "You no-good‐‐ Wait, really?"
Principal Bump says: "I think the student body could learn a lot from having such an exchange student."
Eda grins.
Principal Bump says: "But before I even consider that, there's a lot to be answered for."
Eda reclines on the desk again. Principal Bump magically turns her upside down without looking. He pulls a stack of files out of the cabinet.
Eda says: "Oh right."
Eda says: "Yeah."
Eda says: "I heard all about that abomination incident."
Principal Bump says: "Oh, I'm not talking about Luz."
Principal Bump says: "I'm talking about the necrotic experiments, the graffiti, the scams, the cheating, Miss Jenkinmeyer's teeth."
Eda sinks down in the chair.
Principal Bump says: "The trouble you caused when you were here, Eda."
He drops the pile of paper and books onto the desk. Eda looks at the page on top, which reads, "PERMANENT RECORD --~-- EDALYN CLAWTHORNE".
Eda says: "Huh."
Eda says: "I thought there'd be more."
Cut to the Grudgby pitch, which has basketball hoops on either side. Skara is on the pitch while Gus and Luz are in the stands.
Gus says: "This is where we play the sport."
Skara runs at the ball, but is picked up by a griffin.
Skara says: "I hate this game!"
The griffin drops her into one of the basketball hoops. A horn blares. Gus and Luz applaud.
Gus sees the guard and drags Luz away. Cut to the two of them walking past a door, Luz doubling back to look through the window.
Luz says: "Ooh."
Luz says: "What's in here?"
Gus says: "The Plant Homeroom."
Various students in Plant uniforms are tending to the greenery. A carnivorous plant eats Amelia, who had been standing next to it with a clipboard. Willow runs over and tickles the plant's stem. It laughs and spits Amelia back up. She gives Willow a thumbs-up.
Luz says: "Willow, hey."
Willow turns around and waves at Luz. Gus looks through the window.
Gus says: "Hi."
Willow's face falls. She shakes her head.
Gus says: "Bye."
Gus drags Luz away again. Cut to a room full of mirrors.
Gus says: "And this is where I spend my time."
Gus says: "The Illusion Track Homeroom."
The professor evaluates three students' illusions. Emira doubles the length of her legs. Edric changes his face, outfit, and hair style. The third student is shaking as they draw their spell circle and accidentally remove their facial features.
The professor draws a spell circle and their face returns.
Luz says: "Wait, if you're here, who is that?"
She points across the hall, where another Gus is sitting in a class.
Gus says: "That's one of my illusions."
Gus says: "Takes notes for me when I'm not around."
His illusion gasps and holds up a paper reading "I'm not paying attention." He laughs as he points to it.
Gus says: "He doesn't always do what he's told."
Luz says: "Wow, Gus."
Luz says: "You're good."
Gus says: "Yeah."
Gus says: "I moved up a couple grades."
Gus's watch screams again.
Gus says: "Oh!"
Gus says: "Time for the H."
Gus says: "A."
Gus says: "S."
Gus says: "meeting."
Luz and Gus run off. Gus's illusion watches them, growing nervous when Gus returns. He mimes decapitation and casually walks away. The illision starts paying attention to class.
Cut to the H.A.S. room.
All says: "Human, human!"
All says: "Human, human!"
Gus says: "Human Appreciation Society..."
Gus says: "..."
Gus says: "it is my distinct pleasure to introduce to you..."
Luz moonwalks into the doorway, spinning around and almost falling.
Luz says: "Oh!"
Gus says: "Luz, the human."
Bo says: "Such showmanship."
Boy says: "She's horrifying."
Luz and Gus approach the desk. Mattholomule grows nervous.
Gus says: "Luz, will you inspect the items?"
Luz says: "Of course, Mr."
Luz says: "President."
Luz says: "Allow me to determine if they're truly of my realm's origin."
Mattholomule says: "Stop!"
He knocks his fakes off the table with a grunt. Everyone else gasps.
Mattholomule says: "Don't make another move, human!"
Mattholomule says: "I..."
Mattholomule says: "have something to say."
Mattholomule says: "I'm new here at Hexside."
Mattholomule says: "M‐Making friends has been hard so I lied."
Mattholomule says: "They're all fakes."
Mattholomule says: "I thought if I was important enough people would like me."
Mattholomule says: "But I've caused enough drama."
Luz and Gus share a look.
Mattholomule says: "So, I'll go."
Mattholomule says: "I'm sorry."
Luz says: "Hey, man."
Luz says: "It's okay."
Luz says: "You're only human."
Luz says: "Well, you know what I mean."
Gus says: "Mattholomule, you aren't alone."
Gus says: "You have a place here in the H."
Gus says: "A."
Gus says: "S."
Boy says: "You're not alone."
Bo says: "We admire your honesty."
Boy says: "You're one of us."
Mattholomule says: "Thanks, guys."
Mattholomule says: "I knew you'd understand."
Cut to a hallway.
Eda says: "I don't wanna do this!"
Principal Bump says: "There's the whiny rebel teen I remember."
Eda says: "Meh!"
Eda puts the mop in the bucket and attempts to wipe away graffiti on lockers that reads "EDA RULES BUMP EATS STINK." The graffiti avoids the mop. She tries again, it moves again. She tries slower, it moves slower. She tries to wipe the entire row of lockers, only succeeding in making all the graffiti combine and now read, "MOTHER NOOOO!!!" She slams at that, and it moves again.
Cut to the H.A.S. room as half of them leave, waving to Luz, who waves back.
Bo says: "Thanks for coming."
Boy says: "Come back soon."
Mattholomule says: "Hey, Augustus, Luz, thank you for being so forgiving."
Luz says: "We've all been the new kid before."
Luz says: "Right, Gus?"
Gus says: "Yeah."
Mattholomule says: "Well, I just have one thing to say..."
Door bangs open, school guards step in.
Mattholomule says: "She's the intruder!"
School Guard says: "Trouble."
Luz says: "No, it's fine."
Luz says: "The ban's been lifted."
Luz says: "Tell 'em, Gus."
Luz says: "Gus!"
Luz says: "Tell them!"
Mattholomule says: "Oh, who's the liar now, Augustus?"
Cut to the Plant homeroom, where Willow is watering the carnivorous plant.
Willow says: "Maybe I've been too hard on Gus."
Willow says: "I mean, what trouble could they get into?"
Luz says: "Help!"
Carnivorous Plant says: "Huh?"
The plant and Willow turn to the door. Through the window, they can see Luz being dragged off.
Luz says: "I don't even learn here!"
Willow says: "Luz!"
Cut to the hallway.
Luz says: "Where are you taking me?"
School Guard says: "Detention."
Luz says: "Oh."
Luz says: "That won't be so bad, right?"
They stop in front of a giant door with three closed eyes. The eyes open, red and yellow, and the bottom of the door lifts up to reveal a mouth filled with sharp teeth.
Cut to the H.A.S. room, where Gus is shaking with anger.
Mattholomule says: "I can't believe you two fell for that."
Mattholomule says: "Like I'd actually apologize."
Gus says: "What."
Gus says: "Did you."
Gus says: "Do?"
Mattholomule says: "Ha!"
Mattholomule says: "No."
Mattholomule says: "I want power."
Mattholomule says: "And I want drama."
Mattholomule says: "And I got one of those right now."
Mattholomule says: "So, what are you gonna do, Mr."
Mattholomule says: "President?"
Bell says: "Ow!"
Water is launched from the bell and soaks Gus and Mattholomule. Cut to the two of them being dragged away by a school guard.
Mattholomule says: "But I didn't pull the alarm!"
Mattholomule says: "It was Augustus!"
Mattholomule says: "Are you even listening to me?"
Mattholomule says: "I demand justice!"
Willow peeks around a corner as they pass. Cut to the door to detention growling and opening its mouth again as Gus and Mattholomule are thrown inside.
Mattholomule says: "Wait!"
Door growls and closes.
Mattholomule says: "Get me outta here!"
Mattholomule says: "Open up!"
Gus says: "Luz!"
Luz says: "Gus!"
Luz says: "You said the ban was lifted!"
He tries to stand, but the ground cracks open at his feet. The crack widens until nearly the whole room is a hole, revealing teeth, eyes, and blue tendrils and pods, inside of which are students.
Cut to the cafeteria as the doors open and a cloud of fog rolls in. Eda enters, ghosts falling onto the floor behind her. She dumps a writing bag at Principal Bump's feet.
Eda says: "There."
Eda says: "The girls' changing room is ghost‐free."
Principal Bump says: "Are you ready to give up?"
Principal Bump says: "You've barely scratched the surface."
She turns and sees Bo helping Skara with a spell.
Bo says: "No, like this."
Bo summons a ball of fire, which turns into a snowball that splats onto the table.
Skara says: "Wow."
They hug.
Skara says: "Friendship is the real magic."
Eda says: "They're just as bad as Luz."
Eda says: "She'd love it here."
Eda says: "All right."
Eda says: "What's next, Bumpikins?"
Cut to detention.
Luz says: "How is this detention?"
Luz says: "This is a death sentence!"
Gus says: "I don't know!"
Gus says: "I've never been in detention before!"
Mattholomule says: "Welcome to my world."
Mattholomule says: "Believe it or not, at my old school I was in detention plenty of times."
Luz says: "That isn't hard to believe."
Luz says: "You're kind of a jerk."
Mattholomule says: "Well, down in detention, this jerk is king."
Mattholomule says: "So, if you wanna get out, you better do exactly what I say."
A snake rises out of the hole. It wraps a blue tendril around Mattholomule's ankle.
Luz says: "Mattholomule!"
Luz says: "You lied to me."
Luz says: "You lied about the ban!"
Luz says: "Why?"
Gus says: "I was afraid."
Gus says: "I acted stupid."
Luz says: "Yes, you did!"
Gus says: "Being younger than everyone is hard."
Gus says: "You're overlooked."
Gus says: "Ignored."
Gus says: "But at the H."
Gus says: "A."
Gus says: "S."
Gus says: "I mattered."
Gus says: "I could make sure no one would ever get left behind."
Gus says: "I didn't wanna lose that."
Gus says: "I'm sorry."
Luz says: "I get it."
Luz says: "I just wish you told me the truth."
Gus smiles at her. Snakes hiss, several of them slithering up the hole.
Gus says: "Let me make it up to you, Luz."
Gus says: "I've got a plan."
A snake hisses as it rises out of the hole.
Luz says: "I'm in."
Luz says: "Where do we start?"
They land on an eye and bounce, both grunting when they hit the ground. They stand and pull down the pod Mattholomule's in.
Voice says: "You will be a good student."
Mattholomule says: "I will be a good student."
Luz says: "You know, it didn't taste as bad as I thought it would."
Luz says: "Oh, you're a witch."
Luz says: "Do magic."
Gus says: "Oh, I'll use magic."
He cuts the pod and pulls it to the ground, freeing Mattholomule.
Mattholomule says: "Am I a good student?"
Luz says: "Oh, gosh."
Luz says: "He's so little."
Several snakes hiss as they surround the three of them.
Luz says: "This is part of the plan, right?"
Gus says: "Or the illusion of a plan."
He draws a spell circle, then puts his hand in it and drags it through the air. Several other spell circles appear, and from them several clones of Luz and Gus. A snake flicks its tongue at one illusion of Gus, making it disappear. It hisses.
Luz says: "A genius and a wordsmith."
Gus picks up a giant bone and the two climb out of the hole. Snakes hiss as the follow. Gus reaches the top first, taking Mattholomule from Luz. Luz kicks a snake in the face when she pulls herself up, then spins and kicks another. Gus hits a third with the bone, then runs.
Gus says: "We're gonna have to bust down the door."
Luz says: "Right behind you."
Three snakes follow them out of the hole, hissing. Luz takes hold of the bone, and they both run for the door.
Cut to outside of detention, where Willow is sneaking to the door. She strains to lift the crossbar off the door, managing to get it half off before freezing when she hears Eda.
Eda says: "I washed off all the graffiti."
Eda says: "Apologized to Jenkinmeyer for stealing her teeth."
Eda says: "Caught all the wild cerebi."
Eda says: "Ah, we should be good."
Principal Bump says: "It will be very exciting to have a real human exchange student."
Eda says: "And you won't tell the Emperor's Coven about this, will you?"
Principal Bump says: "No."
Principal Bump says: "Hexside School is safe for you both."
Principal Bump says: "I'm the principal, not a stooge."
Principal Bump says: "Consider your pupil our pupil."
Banging interrupts them. Willow backs away from the door as it's hit again from the inside. A third hit shatters the door, and Gus and Luz burst through.
Luz says: "Eda?"
Eda says: "Guess who got you into Hexside!"
Luz says: "What?"
Prinicpal Bump says: "What did you do?"
Eda says: "Ugh, kid."
Principal Bump says: "To think that any student of yours would be capable of doing anything but create chaos..."
Principal Bump says: "Eda, take your student and leave!"
Principal Bump says: "You are both banned from this campus!"
Eda says: "Come on, kid."
Eda says: "Let's go."
Eda and Luz start to leave.
Gus says: "Wait, Principal Bump."
Gus says: "Don't blame Luz."
Gus says: "I told her the ban was lifted."
Gus says: "We were fighting over the Human Appreciation Society."
Gus says: "I brought Luz in because I wanted to win."
Gus says: "This is all my fault."
Principal Bump says: "If that's so, Augustus, would you be willing to accept her punishment as your own?"
Gus says: "Yes, Principal Bump."
Gus says: "I would."
Eda says: "Huh."
Eda says: "Dang, dweebus."
Principal Bump says: "Very well."
Principal Bump says: "In light of that, barring any more trouble, you shall officially be enrolled in Hexside School next semester."
Eda says: "Uh, hold on."
Eda says: "Hold on."
She puts her hands on Luz's shoulders, then glares at Principal Bump and gestures for him to step back. He takes exactly two steps back. Eda kneels down in front of Luz.
Eda says: "I'm only doing this because I have faith in you."
Eda says: "And I know you're too smart to fall for that One‐Witch, One‐Coven nonsense."
Eda says: "You can learn a lot from the witches here."
Eda says: "And maybe teach them some of that Bad Girl Coven magic too."
Principal Bump says: "I didn't hear that."
Mattholomule says: "Does that make me president?"
Principal Bump says: "Impressive."
Principal Bump says: "Still alive."
Principal Bump says: "Yes, I suppose you are."
Mattholomule says: "Yes!"
Principal Bump says: "Now, with that accomplished, Eda, we have some paperwork to fill out."
Eda says: "Wait!"
Eda says: "I gotta do more stuff?"
Eda says: "Ugh!"
Eda says: "You better enjoy this place, kid."
Luz grins and looks at her friends.
Gus says: "Wanna finish off that tour?"
Willow says: "I can show you guys what plants not to touch in the greenhouse."
Willow says: "And then I can let you touch them."
Luz says: "Yeah!"
Luz says: "Let's go."
The three join hands and laugh as they run off.
Mattholomule says: "Hey!"
Mattholomule says: "Wait."
Mattholomule says: "Take me."
Mattholomule says: "I'm your president."
Mattholomule says: "Oh."
Mattholomule says: "Come on."
Cut to Eda's permanent record. Pages are flipped through as a song plays.
Song says: "♪ Why can't you remember ♪ ♪ Why can't you remember me?"
Song says: "♪ ♪ Oh, no, no, no ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Why can't you remember ♪ ♪ Why can't you remember me?"
Eda's permanent record includes letting loose a pack of feral ghosts in the girls' locker room, starting an abomination food fight at lunch, hexing the school bells to play pop songs, letting in "two giant bug-things" that destroyed classrooms, and feeding the school griffin spicy snacks until it threw up over the Grudgby field.
Cut to the Owl House living room, where Luz and Eda are going through Eda's record.
Luz says: "Wow!"
Luz says: "Bump was not exaggerating."
Luz says: "You were a terrible student."