Open on a dark backstage. Luz activates a light glyph and holds it between her and Eda.
Luz says: "I-I'm not ready for this Eda."
Luz says: "Maybe we should go back."
Eda says: "Nah kid, you got this, just do what we practiced!"
Luz says: "But what if..."
Luz says: "What if I mess something up?"
Luz says: "Or what if I do something wrong?"
Luz says: "What if I die?"
Eda says: "Hey."
Eda says: "Calm down, calm down."
Eda says: "I had to do the same thing when I was a witchling."
Eda says: "It's like a rite of passage."
Eda says: "Granted, I was a little more skilled."
Luz says: "Eda!"
Eda says: "Right, right."
Eda says: "Sorry, sorry."
Eda says: "Now, get pumped."
Luz says: "Pumped!"
Eda says: "Get ready."
Luz says: "Ready!"
Eda says: "Now, go!"
[Cut to the stage says: "Entrance Exams."
a spotlight aimed at the closed curtains says: "Entrance Exams."
a banner reading "Hexside School says: "Entrance Exams."
[Cut to the stage says: "" The curtains open."
a spotlight aimed at the closed curtains says: "" The curtains open."
a banner reading "Hexside School says: "" The curtains open."
[Cut to the stage says: "Luz jumps on stage in a dark cloak."
a spotlight aimed at the closed curtains says: "Luz jumps on stage in a dark cloak."
a banner reading "Hexside School says: "Luz jumps on stage in a dark cloak."
Luz says: "Luz Noceda!"
Reveal the audience, which is empty except for Principal Bump sitting in the front row with a clipboard.
Luz says: "Confetti!"
Principal Bump says: "Right."
Principal Bump says: "The human that wants to be a witch."
Principal Bump says: "Against my better judgement, I've allowed you to take this exam into Hexside."
Principal Bump says: "But can you even do magic with all your..."
Principal Bump says: "human parts?"
Luz says: "I sure can."
Luz says: "but I discovered a lost technique that changes everything."
Principal Bump says: "Hmm?"
Eda gives two thumbs-up from backstage. Luz activates the light glyph and lets the ball rise. She moves the ice glyph under the light and activates it. Luz beams and does jazz hands.
Principal Bump says: "Spells cast with paper?"
Principal Bump says: "I've never heard of such a thing."
Principal Bump says: "But is it enough to pass the exam?"
Luz says: "Uhh..."
Eda says: "Improvise."
Luz says: "Um, I can do other things, what about..."
Luz says: "this?"
Luz says: "Bleep, bloop, bleep!"
Principal Bump is not impressed.
Luz says: "Ow ow!"
Luz says: "Eyelash!"
Luz says: "Eyelash!"
Luz slips on the melted ice pillar and falls into her abandoned cloak. She stands and tries to free herself, falling off the stage and onto Principal Bump. She rolls off him.
Luz says: "Sorry, sorry, sorry!"
Luz says: "Whoops!"
Luz says: "AH!"
The ice pillar lifts her up by one foot until she's eye level with Principal Bump.
Luz says: "I failed didn't I?"
Principal Bump says: "Believe it or not, I've seen worse."
Principal Bump says: "Welcome, Luz, to Hexside School of Magic and Demonics!"
Luz says: "Hurray."
THEME.
Cut to Eda and Luz flying on Eda's staff. Luz is wearing a Hexside uniform, though the normal uniform part is lighter than most and her sleeves and leggings are very light gray.
Luz says: "Mmm, we gotta go back."
Luz says: "This was a mistake!"
Eda says: "Right, you gotta calm down."
Eda says: "What are you nervous about?"
Eda says: "You've been to school before."
Luz says: "That's why I'm nervous!"
Luz says: "At my human school, I didn't make a good first impression."
Luz says: "This is a chance to be seen as something other than a screw-up."
Eda says: "Hey, don't worry about what those dorks think."
Eda says: "If you want my advice, walk into class and punch the first kid you see."
Eda says: "To establish dominance."
Luz says: "Aw, I won't be doing that."
Luz says: "But thanks."
They land at Hexside. Luz dismounts.
Eda says: "Last chance to back out, and earn a new Bad Girl Coven patch."
Eda says: "Quitting: It's like trying, but easier."
Luz says: "Nah, I'll just earn it when I quit showering."
Luz says: "Bye!"
Eda says: "Hold up!"
Eda says: "You got this."
Luz says: "Thanks, Eda."
Luz says: "In fact,  I have written a heartfelt sonnet to commemorate this occasion."
Eda says: "Whoops!"
Eda says: "A gust of wind just got me."
Eda says: "See you after school!"
Eda says: "Byeeee!"
Luz holding Puppet Eda says: "You're gonna do great, kid."
Luz says: "Thanks, Puppet Eda."
Cut to a banner reading "WELCOME TO THE NEW SEMESTER". Various students are arriving at Hexside. Luz looks around with a smile on her face. Amity and an abomination come up to her.
Amity says: "Hey, Luz!"
Amity says: "Congrats on getting in."
Amity says: "And not being in the baby class."
Luz says: "Thanks, Amity!"
Luz says: "Up top!"
Amity high-fives Luz. Amity's abomination slaps Luz's face, leaving abomination mud behind. Amity and her abomination walk off.
Luz says: "Blegh!"
Luz says: "Wow, my first day at Hexside."
Luz says: "A chance to discover my true magical potential."
Luz says: "And maybe meet a hot yet vulnerable upperclassman."
King says: "Dream on!"
Luz says: "King?"
Luz says: "Why are you in my bag?"
King says: "You're a free ride to the best buffet in town!"
King says: "Nyah!"
King says: "The trash cans here are filled with half-eaten gold!"
Luz says: "Okay, but if anyone asks, you don't know me."
King says: "Have a wonderful school day, person-I-don't-know!"
Abomination Student says: "I really needed to hear that."
Cut to the main staircase.
Willow says: "Luz!"
Gus says: "Luz!"
Luz says: "Hello, fellow Hexoleos!"
Willow says: "Hello, classmate!"
Gus says: "You did it, Luz!"
Gus says: "Sorry, I was, uh, covering all my bases."
Willow says: "So, do you know who those witches are?"
Willow says: "Those are the heads of the main nine covens."
Willow says: "Each one excelled at a magic school like Glandus, St."
Willow says: "Epiderm, and, of course, Hexside."
Willow says: "Are you prepared to enter these hallowed halls?"
Luz says: "Hmm, that's what I'm gonna figure out right now."
Luz says: "See you on the other side, friends."
Gus says: "See you later, Luz."
Gus says: "You know what?"
Gus says: "I'm uh, I'ma just get rid of these."
Cut to Principal Bump's office, where he's watching a crystal ball.
Perry says: "A terrible development at Glandus High School."
Perry says: "Students and teachers were found unconscious and without magic."
Perry says: "The cause remains unknown."
Principal Bump says: "Ha!"
Principal Bump says: "Take that, Glandus!"
Principal Bump says: "Looks like this year's Grudgby match is going to be a forfeit."
Luz says: "Hiya, Princy-B!"
Luz says: "Can I call you that?"
Principal Bump says: "Absolutely not."
Principal Bump says: "Now, today we'll be visited by the Emperor's Coven for a routine inspection."
Principal Bump says: "If we want to impress them, you'll need to join a coven track before they arrive."
Luz says: "Actually, Principal Bump, I've made my own schedule."
Principal Bump says: "Studying multiple tracks at once?"
Principal Bump says: "No one does that."
Luz says: "Then I'll be the first."
Principal Bump says: "And you do not want to embarrass me in front of the inspector."
Luz says: "But all the tracks are so cool!"
Luz says: "Is there some sort of enchanted article of clothing that could sort this out for me?"
Principal Bump says: "Well there used to be, but..."
Flashback to Principal Bump holding the Choosy Hat, a brown classic witch's hat, over a young student's head.
Young Student says: "Oh, I'm so excited!"
The Choosy Hat is placed on their head. It turns around, a scarecrow-like face on the pointed part.
Choosy Hat says: "And now..."
Choosy Hat says: "I feed!"
Young Student says: "Aaa!"
Cut back to the present.
Luz says: "I don't know if I can choose just one."
Principal Bump says: "Then I'll choose one for you."
Principal Bump says: "Eeny, meeny, miny, moe!"
Principal Bump says: "Ah, yes!"
Principal Bump says: "The Potions track."
Principal Bump says: "You humans are filled with liquids, right?"
Principal Bump casts a spell that changes the sleeves and leggings of Luz's uniform yellow.
Luz says: "Oh, I guess I have always liked pouring things into other things."
Principal Bump says: "I expect you to be on your best behavior."
Principal Bump says: "Based on the costly repairs from recent incidents, we could really use a donation from the Emperor's Coven."
Principal Bump says: "Now, off to class."
He floats Luz through the door.
Principal Bump says: "The Choosy Hat!"
Principal Bump says: "It broke free."
Cut to Luz entering Potions 101.
Potions Teacher says: "Welcome to a new semester!"
Potions Teacher says: "Let's get stirring!"
Potions Teacher says: "Today we'll make..."
Potions Teacher says: "Begin!"
Luz says: "See, potions are fun!"
Luz says: "You could spend the rest of your life studying this, right?"
Something explodes outside. Luz looks out the window. Willow and Selene are facing off as wind blows. Selene grabs a crystal ball, out of which pops a mummy-like ghost.
Luz says: "The Oracle Track!"
Willow traces a spell circle that she slams on the ground. A carnivorous flower grows out of the ground and hisses.
Luz says: "The Plant Track!"
The ghost and the plant go at each other.
Luz says: "Wow!"
Yellow smoke from Luz's cauldron has taken over most of the room.
Potions Teacher says: "Ahem!"
Luz says: "Sorry!"
Luz says: "Sorry."
The Potions Teacher walks away.
Everyone leaves class.
Luz says: "Ooh boy!"
Luz says: "Stirring is the pits."
Luz says: "What else is on the schedule for today?"
Luz says: "Oh, man!"
Luz says: "I'm sorry, elbow!"
Luz looks up. Selene replaces the crystal ball she had used in the battle in a closet and walks away.
Luz says: "A crystal ball."
Luz says: "Maybe it can show me if I'm on the right track."
Luz says: "No, don't be tempted!"
Luz says: "It's your first day."
Luz says: "Make a good impression."
Luz says: "Whoa!"
Spirit says: "You will be in trouble very soon."
Luz says: "Wow!"
Luz says: "Wait, what'd you say?"
Principal Bump says: "Ahem!"
Cut to Principal Bump dragging Luz through the halls.
Luz says: "But I wasn't studying other subjects!"
Luz says: "I uh..."
Luz says: "fog brew!"
Luz says: "Yeah."
Luz says: "I figured that wouldn't work."
King says: "Nyah."
Luz says: "King!"
Luz says: "Vouch for my character!"
King says: "Uh, right!"
King says: "I don't know you!"
Luz glares at King as Principal Bump continues to drag her away. Cut to a classroom with bars on the door, which Principal Bump shoves Luz into. The Detention Teacher looks up from his scroll, and Viney, Jerbo, and Barcus look over at the door.
Luz says: "What is this place?"
Principal Bump says: "This is the place where all troublemakers go."
Principal Bump says: "The detention track."
Luz says: "Nooooo!"
Luz says: "Detention track?"
Principal Bump says: "Yes."
Principal Bump says: "Actual detention still needs..."
Principal Bump says: "repairs."
Principal Bump says: "In the meantime, I am keeping all troublemakers far away from the eyes of the inspector."
Principal Bump says: "You may try for a new track next year."
Luz says: "But I'll be back in the human world by then."
Principal Bump says: "Maybe you'll do better in human school."
The door closes as Principal Bump leaves. Luz smiles awkwardly at everyone in the room, then sits at the desk.
Luz says: "Hello, fellow detentioners."
Luz says: "Room for one more?"
Luz says: "I like the little spikeys in your hair."
Detention Teacher says: "Hey!"
Detention Teacher says: "You all better be quiet, unless you want to scrub the classroom again."
Luz says: "Hey, don't blame any of them."
Luz says: "I'm the one that started talking."
Detention Teacher says: "Oh hurray."
Detention Teacher says: "A hero."
A mop and bucket appear in Luz's hands.
Luz says: "Aw farts."
Viney watches Luz walk off and smiles. Cut to King walking up to a trashcan.
He jumps in head first. Inside is an empty box of donuts with frosting rings. King licks the frosting.
Teacher says: "That's it!"
Teacher says: "I'm sick of someone eating all the donuts in the teacher's lounge."
Teacher says: "I quit!"
A tie is tossed onto King's head. He tries to take it off and knocks the trashcan over, rolling into a classroom while wearing the tie. The students all stare at him.
Student #1 says: "Are you our substitute?"
King says: "Substitute?"
King says: "I ain't no desk jockey."
Student #2 says: "Look at his professional looking tie!"
Student #2 says: "He must be!"
King says: "Nyah!"
King says: "Can it, Fangs!"
King says: "You don't know diddly dang about squiddly squat!"
Student #2 says: "Uh, yes, sir!"
Student #2 says: "Sorry, sir!"
King says: "Obedience?"
King says: "Well, what is a teacher if not an authority figure?"
King says: "A king of children, if you will."
King says: "Yes!"
King says: "I am your teacher!"
King says: "You may call me Mr."
King says: "King!"
King looks at them all in annoyance and starts clapping. The class applauds. King beams. Cut to the detention room, where the Detention Teacher is asleep and Luz is polishing the bars on the windows. A teacher walks past the window outside with younger kids following her.
Spider Teacher says: "Alright, kids."
Spider Teacher says: "Who wants to go on a field trip to the astral planes?"
Braxas says: "Yay!"
Student #3 says: "I do!"
Luz says: "I do."
Willow says: "Luz!"
Luz says: "Oh, my gosh!"
Luz says: "I missed you so much."
Luz says: "Let me squeeze your faces."
Gus says: "What's going on?"
Gus says: "We didn't see you in any classes."
Luz says: "Principal Bump put me in the detention track for mixing magic."
Willow says: "The detention track?"
Willow says: "You can't do anything in there."
Gus says: "You'll learn less than you did before."
Luz says: "No, I'm better than this."
Luz says: "Please, you gotta help me break out."
Gus says: "Don't worry."
Gus says: "We'll get you out, dead or alive!"
Gus says: "Okay."
Gus says: "Alive."
Luz says: "Aw, you guys."
Luz says: "It's the teacher."
Luz says: "Gotta go!"
She turns around and sees Viney very close to her.
Luz says: "It's you!"
Viney says: "Shh."
Viney points to the snoring Detention Teacher, then gestures for Luz to follow her. Viney draws a square on the chalkboard with a keyhole in the center, then turns the chalk in the hole like a key. The square glows and swings open, revealing a passageway.
Luz says: "Whoa."
Viney climbs through the hole, then helps Luz through. The square closes behind her.
Luz says: "What is this place?"
Viney says: "This is the last room you'll ever see alive."
Viney says: "Nah, just messing with ya."
Viney says: "I'm Viney."
Luz says: "I'm terrified!"
Luz says: "Um, I mean..."
Luz says: "I'm Luz."
Viney says: "Thanks for standing up for us back there."
Viney says: "Not many people would do that."
Viney says: "Follow me!"
Viney says: "I wanna show you something."
Viney says: "You're one of us troublemakers now, so you'll get special access to the Secret Room of Shortcuts!"
Viney opens a door, revealing a tower-like room with a spiraling ramp. The walls, floor, and ceiling are covered in doors and windows.
Luz says: "Whoa."
Viney says: "Hey Jerbo!"
Viney says: "Barcus!"
Viney says: "You can stop hiding now!"
Jerbo says: "What do you think?"
Jerbo says: "Barcus says your aura is strong and silly, like a baby's laughter."
Jerbo says: "Welcome!"
Luz says: "Aah!"
Luz says: "I love secret rooms!"
Luz says: "Where do the doors go?"
Luz opens one into a hallway where Amity is pacing.
Luz shuts door.
Amity says: "Huh?"
Viney says: "This place connects the different parts of the school."
Viney says: "We found it after being thrown in the detention track."
Viney says: "The witch who made it is known as..."
Viney says: "Lord Calamity."
Jerbo says: "They started this trouble maker wall and we added our names in their honor."
Luz says: "This place is amazing."
Luz says: "I bet you guys can get into so much trouble in here."
Viney says: "Sure, we can, but we can also do so much more."
She points to where Barcus is listening in on an Oracle class. Luz walks up and watches with him.
Oracle Teacher says: "Remember, seeing the end of a life is the beginning of reading a fortune."
Oracle Teacher says: "We have to work backwards from it to see the truth."
The teacher folds a fortune teller. Barcus also folds one.
Viney says: "We aren't allowed to study any kind of magic, so we study every kind of magic in secret."
Luz says: "You actually like school?"
Viney says: "Yeah, we might have liked it too much."
Cut to Jerbo wearing a Plant track uniform in a classroom with Principal Bump.
Jerbo says: "I tried mixing plant magic with abominations."
An earthy abomination grows out from under the flower Jerbo grew. The abomination throws a flower pot.
Jerbo says: "Bump was not thrilled."
Principal Bump gets hit in the face with a wad of dirt. Cut to Barcus wearing Potions track uniform, the Potions Teacher, and Principal Bump in a Potions classroom.
Jerbo says: "Barcus makes potions with oracle magic."
Barcus mixes a potion, then dumps a crystal ball into it. The Potions Teacher looks into the cauldron and sees themself rapidly age. They scream and fall backwards, flipping a large cauldron over themself. Principal Bump shakes his head at Barcus. Cut to a Healing classroom, where Viney, wearing a Healing track uniform, is looking at a scratch on a Bard student's arm as Principal Bump enters the room.
Viney says: "Mixing healing and beast keeping was slightly unconventional."
Viney heals the Bard's arm, then draws another spell circle. A young griffin bursts through the chalkboard.
Viney says: "But Puddles was a great assistant, dang it!"
Puddles coughs up lollipops. Cut back to the Secret Room of Shortcuts.
Viney says: "We all want to be in more than one coven track!"
Viney says: "But Bump just says we need to focus."
Luz says: "Sounds like Bump's priorities are out of whack."
Viney says: "I'm glad you're one of us."
Viney says: "You've made a great first impression."
Viney says: "Would you like to add your name to the troublemaker wall?"
Luz says: "Aw!"
Willow says: "Luz?"
Willow says: "We're here to get you out of that horrible class."
Everyone looks at Luz.
Luz says: "Eh, they're probably looking for some other Luz."
Viney stands and peeks through the main entrance. Willow and Gus are looking around the detention classroom.
Gus says: "Maybe she already booked it."
Gus says: "She did say she was better than this place."
Viney says: "Oh."
Viney says: "You think you're better than us?"
Luz says: "No, no, it's not like that."
Jerbo says: "Jacques!"
Jerbo says: "I should've known you'd look down on us."
Jerbo says: "Everyone else does."
Viney says: "It's fine, I just..."
Viney says: "I thought someone finally understood us."
Viney says: "But, maybe you should just leave."
Luz says: "I understand."
Cut back to the classroom, where Gus plays with the Detention Teacher's mustache.
Gus says: "Man, this guy can sleep through anything."
Gus says: "I'm gonna test that theory."
Willow says: "No."
Willow says: "We have to find Luz."
Willow says: "If only these walls could talk."
Luz pushes the wall door open.
Luz says: "Hey guys."
Willow says: "Thank you walls!"
Willow says: "We found a way to get you out to talk to Principal Bump."
Gus says: "We have an expert disguise!"
Gus says: "Hop in!"
Gus says: "It's got holes for your gangly teenage legs."
Luz looks at the wall as Viney closes the door.
Luz says: "Yeah."
Luz says: "That's right where I belong."
Gus says: "And this way the inspector won't see you either."
Luz climbs into the trashcan. Gus puts the lid on Luz's head. She stands and walks off. Willow and Gus follow her. Camera pans to the still-snoring Detention Teacher. Gus pops up next to him and puts the mop on his face. He continues snoring.
Gus says: "Incredible."
Cut to outside, where a swirl of blue energy appears. It dissipates, revealing the inspector. She walks up the front steps.
Principal Bump says: "Welcome to Hexside, inspector."
Inspector says: "Greetings, Principal Bump."
Inspector says: "If everything's in order, the Emperor's Coven will be happy to cover your repairs."
Principal Bump says: "Excellent."
Principal Bump says: "Please come this way."
Principal Bump says: "We've prepared a show with some of our finest students."
Cut to an abomination stomping on stage. It growls and holds Amity up like an figure skater. They pose. The abomination puts Amity down.
Amity says: "And that concludes the presentation from the Abomination track."
Amity and her abomination bow.
Principal Bump says: "That was some real Hexside magic, huh?"
Inspector says: "Yes, this is..."
Inspector says: "good!"
Inspector says: "But let's see if your student can put up more of a fight!"
Principal Bump says: "Yes, yes-- wait what?"
The inspector slams her hands down on the stage. Her face deforms, revealing that she is in fact a greater basilisk.
Principal Bump says: "Is, uh, this part of the inspection?"
Amity says: "Abomination, fight!"
Amity's abomination runs forward and grabs the inspector. The inspector fully transforms into a basilisk and flings the abomination into the air. It growls and swallows the abomination. It slithers toward Amity, who backs away.
Inspector says: "The magic at Glandus High was tasty."
Inspector says: "But I hope yours will be more filling."
Principal Bump says: "Amity, stay back."
Principal Bump says: "She's an impostor!"
Principal Bump draws out a spell circle. The inspector inhales, swallowing the spell circle and draining his magic. His skin turns gray and he collapses. Amity tries to cast a spell, but her magic is also drained, and she falls unconscious next to Principal Bump.
Cut to King's classroom, where he is writing on the chalkboard.
King says: "Assume a coefficient of ten, carry the two, solve for Y, and that is the way to steal a pie from a windowsill!"
King says: "Also you can eat trash."
Student #1 says: "Finally, some skills we can really use."
King says: "Seriously?"
King says: "It's not even fifth period yet."
Cut to King opening the doors of the auditorium.
King says: "Excuse me!"
King says: "Could you keep it down?"
King says: "Mr."
King says: "King's trying to mold young minds here!"
The inspector is sucking more life out of Principal Bump.
Principal Bump says: "Ugh."
Principal Bump says: "Only 300 years until retirement."
The inspector looks at King.
King says: "I can see that I'm interrupting, so I'm just gonna..."
Cut to a hallway, where Luz is no longer in a trashcan.
Willow says: "Don't worry, Luz!"
Willow says: "Once we talk to Bump, we'll get everything sorted out."
Luz says: "I know, but what's the point if people get hurt on the way?"
Gus says: "That is a fair question."
Gus says: "Here's another question."
Gus says: "What the heck is that?!"
Gus says: "!"
The Oracle Teacher is running away from the inspector, which is taking over most of a hallway. The teacher stops and casts a beam of light. The inspector slurps the beam of light up like spaghetti. The teacher falls, drained of magic.
Inspector says: "More cute morsels!"
Willow says: "We may be cute, but we're nobody's morsels!"
Gus says: "Time for a power-up!"
Gus gives the plant buff arms. The plant launches itself at the inspector. It catches the plant with its tail and eats it. Willow and Gus both fall, drained of magic.
Willow says: "I feel..."
Luz says: "Eat this!"
She grabs her notepad and activates a light glyph on it, then throws it in the inspector's mouth. The spell activates, and the inspector screams, spewing out shredded paper.
Luz says: "I'll get you guys somewhere safe!"
Inspector says: "It burns!"
Inspector says: "It burns!"
Luz says: "Guys!"
Luz says: "I need your help!"
Viney says: "Oh."
Viney says: "You're back."
Luz says: "I'm sorry for hurting your feelings, but please listen!"
Luz says: "Argh!"
Luz says: "Willow..."
Viney says: "What happened to them?"
Luz says: "Something horrible is loose in the school."
Luz opens a door to show the inspector draining more students' magic.
Viney says: "Don't let it see us!"
Viney says: "I think that's a greater basilisk."
Viney says: "I heard about them in a class."
Viney says: "My cousin at St."
Viney says: "Epiderm said she saw one, but those things should be extinct."
Luz says: "It must've attacked the other schools, and now it's come for us."
Luz says: "We have to do something."
Viney says: "He'd kick us outta school."
Luz says: "Hexoleos are out there gettin' hurt, and we're the only ones who can save them."
Luz says: "We're troublemakers, right?"
Luz says: "So let's go out there and make some trouble."
Viney, Jerbo, and Barcus share a look. Cut to a hallway, where the inspector drains Amelia of her magic.
Inspector says: "Hungry!"
Inspector says: "Still hungry!"
An ice glyph is thrown in front of the inspector. It activates, summoning a pillar of ice that throws the inspector back. Luz hops in front of it wearing a cloak.
Luz says: "From humblest of beginnings, a hero will rise."
Luz says: "I've trained with a secret society to discover the power of mixing magic!"
Inspector says: "Dinner!"
Luz says: "Wah!"
Luz ditches the cloak and runs. The inspector slams into the pillar of ice. It rights itself and chases after Luz.
Luz says: "Viney!"
Luz says: "Do the thing, do the thing!"
Puddles flies through the halls and attacks the inspector.
Viney says: "Attagirl, Puddles!"
Viney says: "Jerbo, now!"
Jerbo says: "On it!"
An abomination opens a door in the floor as Jerbo summons several thorny vines. The vines latch onto a door handle in the ceiling. The inspector claws at Puddles and throws her, then falls through the opened door. Luz hops in after it, sending it through the door in the floor of the Secret Room of Shortcuts. Cut to the auditorium, where Principal Bump sits up.
Principal Bump says: "Must find help."
The inspector falls onto the stage.
Luz says: "Wooh!"
Luz falls through the ceiling after the inspector, landing on its stomach and flipping off of it to land on the stage.
Luz says: "It's all you, Barcus!"
Inspector says: "Where am I?"
Barcus dumps a potion onto the inspector's hand. He squints at it, then his eyes glow.
Inspector says: "What's he doing?"
Inspector says: "What'd he say?"
Luz says: "He's reading your palm, and your future looks bleak."
Jerbo's abomination pulls at a rope that Puddles cuts with her beak. The rope drops sandbags onto the inspector's stomach. All of the magic it ate is released and returned to the proper witch. Everyone gasps as they get their magic back and wake up. Magic flies through the air as it returns to other schools. Back in the auditorium, Viney heals Puddles's scratched claw.
Luz says: "AH!"
Luz says: "You did it!"
Luz says: "You were amazing!"
Principal Bump says: "Are in so much trouble."
Principal Bump says: "Leaving your homeroom, mixing magic and-- is that a secret hideout?"
Willow and Gus duck away from the open trap door.
Luz says: "Yeah it is."
Luz says: "But let's think about this, Principal Bump."
Luz says: "Why would kids in the detention track need a secret hideout?"
Principal Bump says: "I don't care to know the ins and outs of rascality."
Luz says: "Okay, you need coven money."
Luz says: "But if you have to hurt your students to get it, what's the point?"
Luz says: "They saved Hexside."
Luz says: "They should be allowed to study what they wish."
Gus says: "Do the right thing, ya dingus."
Principal Bump says: "Alright, I'm smart enough to know when I've made a mistake."
Principal Bump says: "Which tracks would you like to be in?"
Viney says: "Healing and Beast Keeping!"
Jerbo says: "Plants and Abomination!"
Principal Bump says: "Then so be it."
Principal Bump says: "And you?"
Luz says: "Oh, I still can't choose."
Luz says: "Maybe it's crazy but I wish I could study a little bit of everything."
Luz says: "Whoa."
Luz gets a full magical-girl transformation sequence as her uniform takes several colors to reflect the different tracks.
Luz says: "What's going on?"
Luz says: "What is this?"
Luz says: "Whoa-ho!"
Luz says: "This is so cool."
Luz says: "Yeah, yeah, I'm gonna study everything!"
Principal Bump says: "You know, only one other student wanted to study every track."
Principal Bump says: "Unfortunately, she was never given the opportunity."
With a wipe of his hand, the graffiti on the picture disappears, revealing a young Eda.
Luz says: "I shoulda guessed."
Cut to Eda arriving at Hexside on her staff. Cut to Principal Bump walking through the halls, writing in the rule book.
Principal Bump says: "The coven denies knowing about the basilisk, but that won't stop me from writing a very stern letter."
King says: "Alright."
King says: "Read chapters three to five on the right way to scratch yourself in public."
King says: "Spoiler alert: There's no wrong way!"
King says: "Days like these make being a teacher all worth it."
Principal Bump says: "You're not a teacher."
King says: "Weh?"
Principal Bump is staring at King disapprovingly.
King says: "Maybe not, but I care about these kids,  and nothing can change that."
Cut to the front entrance, which bursts open. Principal Bump waves a broom at King as the demon flees, squealing.