Open on the Owl House exterior. Cut to a video recording of King's eye.
Luz says: "And here we have the most fearsome creature in the world, the King of Demons."
The video zooms out to show King trying to tear a sock off his nose.
Luz says: "Facing his natural enemy, the ducky sock!"
King says: "Where are you now, ducky sock?"
Luz says: "So, why'd you call me here again?"
King says: "Oh, yeah."
King says: "Demons 101."
King says: "Demons like me are grim tricksters of the twilight, creatures of sulfur and bone."
Luz says: "And cute little paws."
King says: "And cute little paws."
King says: "True."
King says: "We live only to create chaos and misery."
King says: "Our only weaknesses are purified water and passive‐aggressive comments."
King says: "Sometimes."
Luz says: "Oh, you guys are sensitive."
King says: "Even demons have inner demons."
King says: "The most powerful demon of all is the Snaggleback."
Luz says: "Bad boy!"
A colored filter appears over the screen, followed by several stickers. Luz aims her phone down and taps on her screen.
King says: "Luz, pay attention."
King says: "This information could save your life someday."
Luz says: "No, no."
Luz says: "I am so paying attention."
Luz says: "This is my paying attention face."
Luz says: "Mm‐hmm, mm‐hmm, mm‐hmm."
Lightning crashes, immediately followed by a thunder rumble. Luz and King look outside.
King says: "Uh‐oh."
King says: "Looks like it's gonna rain."
Luz says: "I love the rain."
King says: "Hey, wait."
Luz says: "I bet you do too, little buddy."
A water drop drops down to the flower, making it wither and die immediately.
Luz says: "What?"
Eda says: "Boiling rain!"
Eda says: "Everybody inside now!"
Luz says: "Huh?"
Eda grabs her arm and drags the both of them inside. Objects crash and clatter.
Eda says: "Phew!"
Eda says: "That was close."
Eda says: "But the important thing is you didn't get hurt."
Luz says: "Not hurt."
THEME.
Cut to Boonesborough, where residents are screaming and running from the boiling rain. Buildings attached to the side of a cliff fall off. Cut to Willow's house, where she takes plants off of a balcony.
Willow says: "Ow, ow, ow, ow."
She drags a curtain closed with her teeth. Cut to an alleyway, where Tiny Nose is running.
She ducks into a crack in a wall, which she tosses a rat out of.
Cut to the outside of the Owl House, where King is putting a bandage on a burn on Luz's arm. He puts another bandage on his snout.
King says: "Look, now we're boo‐boo buddies."
Luz says: "A boiling rainstorm on the Boiling Isles."
Luz says: "The weather here is so fun."
Eda says: "Yeah, we don't have weather."
Eda says: "We have plagues, gorenados, shale hail, painbows."
King says: "It's like a rainbow but looking at it turns you inside out."
Luz pulls the drawstrings of her hoodie closed.
Eda says: "So, until the boiling rain stops, no one is allowed outside tonight."
King says: "And if the rain doesn't get you, the Snaggleback will."
King says: "They wander the rain, feeding on boiled tourists."
Eda says: "Well, whatever the case, this force field spell should protect the house from boiling rains and made‐up demons."
Hooty says: "Hoot!"
Hooty says: "Well, hurry it up with that force field."
Hooty says: "That rain is getting closer to my precious stucco."
Eda says: "Yeah, yeah, I got it."
Uses her staff to grab the light ball and stamps the staff down to the ground. A round orange force field engulfs the house, then shrinks to shape closely around it. Eda begins walking toward the house.
Luz says: "Wow!"
Luz says: "Someday I'd like to be as cool as Eda the Owl Lady."
Luz says: "Magical, sassy, surprisingly foxy for her age."
Luz says: "Hey, why do they call you the Owl Lady, anyway?"
Eda says: "'Cause I'm so wise."
Hooty says: "'Cause she coughs up rat bones."
King says: "I think it's 'cause she gets distracted by shiny objects."
Eda says: "No, I don't."
King takes out a pen. He clicks it, and the diamond on top it glows.
Eda says: "It sparkles and shimmers."
Eda says: "It shines and delights."
Eda says: "I must have it for my nest..."
She lunges for the pen, but King puts it behind his back and she crashes on the ground.
Luz says: "You have a nest?"
Luz says: "I want a nest!"
Luz says: "Nest party!"
Eda says: "Ugh."
Eda says: "That force field really took it out of me."
King says: "Uh‐oh."
King says: "Moving a little slow."
King says: "Age finally catching up to ya?"
King says: "Darkness!"
King says: "But don't you wanna finish our lesson?"
King says: "I was gonna let you scratch a demon's tummy."
King says: "Me!"
Luz says: "Oh, uh, sorry, King."
Luz says: "But..."
Luz says: "magic."
King is visibly frustrated. His horn pierces his hat, making it deflate. Cut to Eda walking behind a privacy screen. She snaps her fingers, causing a glow of light as she drops her staff. When she emerges from the other side, she's in her pajamas. She sighs as she lies down on the couch. Luz's shadow falls over her.
Eda says: "Ahh!"
Luz says: "Oh, Eda, have I told you how rad your fang looks today?"
Eda says: "Whatever it is, no."
Luz says: "Uh, and your hair is like..."
Luz says: "girl."
Eda says: "I'm not teaching you magic tonight."
Eda says: "I'm sleepy."
Eda says: "I'm a sleepy little owl."
Luz says: "Please, Eda, please."
Luz says: "How am I supposed to earn my witch's staff if I don't know any spells?"
Eda says: "No."
Eda says: "Sleep."
Eda says: "Sparkle thing."
Eda sits up, still wrapped in the blanket, and watches as Luz clicks the pen several times.
Luz says: "Oh, this?"
Eda tosses aside the blanket in favor of perching on the arm of the couch.
Eda says: "Ooh!"
Luz moves the pen tauntingly. Eda swipes for it.
Luz says: "Nope."
Luz says: "Teach me one spell, and I'll give you your sparkle thing."
Eda says: "I respect your cunning, but I also hate you for it."
Flash of lightning with clap of thunder. Cut to Eda standing in front of Luz.
Eda says: "If you want a witch's staff like mine, don't make me repeat myself."
Eda says: "Witch's staffs have power embedded into them."
Luz says: "Gimme!"
Eda says: "But before one is earned, every witch needs to know how to cast spells on their own."
Eda says: "Now..."
Eda says: "tonight I will show you how to create..."
Eda says: "light."
Draws a circle with her finger in the air, which glows orange. White light sparks in the center, forming a large ball of light. It descends until it's in front of Luz's face, where it disappears.
King says: "Yawn!"
King says: "Who needs another boring spell lesson when you could be learning all the fun ways a demon could kill you."
King says: "Look how teethy."
King says: "Bite, bite."
Luz says: "Be quiet."
Luz says: "I need to focus."
Eda says: "Now, humans think magic is made out of thin air, but that's stupid."
Eda says: "Everything comes from something."
Eda says: "Let me ask you, kid."
Eda says: "Where do you think magic comes from?"
Luz says: "Uh, from the heart?"
Eda says: "Actually, you're right."
Eda says: "No, really."
Eda says: "It comes from a sac of magic bile attached to a witch's heart."
Luz says: "Oh, gross."
Luz says: "Can I keep that?"
Eda says: "No."
Eda says: "The bigger the circle, the more powerful the spell."
The circle bursts out, creating a much bigger light than before. It fades much faster.
Luz says: "But how can I, little ol' Luz, do spells if I don't have a magic bile..."
Luz says: "sac?"
Eda says: "You know, I'm not actually sure."
Luz says: "What?"
Eda says: "I know witches did magic differently in the past, but I never bothered to figure out how."
Luz says: "Eda!"
Eda says: "Don't worry."
Eda says: "You'll figure it out."
Eda says: "Now‐‐  I need to lie down."
Luz says: "That's it?"
Luz says: "Wait!"
Luz says: "I need to see you do the circle thingy again."
Luz says: "I'll record it on my phone this time."
Cut to Luz recording Eda.
Luz says: "Smile!"
Luz says: "You're on camera."
Luz says: "One more spell won't kill you."
King says: "Welp, looks like one more spell killed Eda."
Eda is rolled over on the floor.
Luz says: "Oh, my gosh."
Luz says: "My obsession with spells knocked out Eda."
Luz says: "I'm a monster."
King says: "Bap!"
King says: "Just making sure."
Luz says: "We should get help, right?"
She runs to the door but is stopped by King grabbing her leg.
King says: "Boiling rains, remember?"
Hooty says: "No, let her try."
Hooty says: "It'll be funny."
King slams the door.
Luz says: "But what if Eda's dead?"
King says: "Remember when her head got cut off last week?"
King says: "That woman can survive anything."
King says: "She's probably just tired from staying up all night chasing shrews and voles."
Luz says: "Well, we can't just leave her on the floor."
King tiredly looks at Eda. A thunderclap later, him and Luz are dragging Eda into her room by her feet. Luz tosses a small animal skull out of Eda's giant nest before puling her into it. Eda continues snoring.
Luz says: "Sorry for pushing you, Miss Eda."
Luz says: "Please don't hurt me when you wake up."
King says: "Should I bap her again?"
Luz says: "Just let her rest, you little goober."
Luz says: "Come on."
Luz says: "Let's go downstairs."
Cut to the living room, where King is redrawing a demon with several mouths. When he finishes, he holds up his notepad.
King says: "Yeah, yeah."
Eda says: "Now, you see, the spell circle is really..."
King says: "Smoochy‐pie the Sweetie Baby!"
King says: "He's..."
King says: "Well, he's a lot more threatening than his name implies."
Luz says: "Not now, King."
Luz says: "I want to figure out this spell."
Luz says: "But if I don't have a magic sac, what's the point?"
Luz says: "I'll just be twirling my fingers around un-magically forever."
King says: "Why do you want to learn magic so bad, anyway?"
Luz says: "I was a nobody back home."
Luz says: "But becoming a witch is my chance to be someone."
Luz says: "Do you know what it's like to have no one take you seriously?"
King says: "If I help you learn that spell, could we finish our lesson?"
Luz says: "Oh, yes, yes."
Luz says: "You can teach me about demons all week if you help me learn this spell."
King says: "Well, she said witches used to do magic differently, so there has to be a way, right?"
King says: "And I have a theory."
King says: "Every day I notice Eda sneaking drinks of this special elixirs, see?"
King says: "Then she always gets a boost of energy, see?"
King says: "I think that's where she gets her powers."
King says: "And I know where to get some."
Luz says: "Really?"
King says: "Sí."
Luz says: "Thank you so much."
Luz says: "You're a prince."
King says: "King."
King says: "I'm King."
Luz says: "Right."
Cut to Eda's room, where flashes of lightning go off outside her window. Eda is snoring in her nest. The door squeaks open, and King steps in and looks around.
King says: "Now where could it be..."
He notices a bright orange potion on Eda's side table. He starts sneaking over to it, stopping at a metal clang.
King says: "Ha!"
King says: "Nice try."
Trap says: "Nah, my heart wasn't in it."
King continues on, scampering up a curtain to reach the tabletop. He reads the tag attached to the potion.
King says: ""An elixir a day."
King says: "" Cryptic."
King says: "Nyeh."
He tucks the tag under his collar, then takes the potion and hops to the floor. He looks between Eda and the potion guiltily, making nervous noises.
King says: "Nah."
He leaves. Cut to the kitchen, where Luz is waiting eagerly and wearing an apron.
King says: "Got it!"
Luz says: "Wow."
Luz says: "I can't believe I'm about to learn magic."
Luz says: "Real magic."
Luz says: "This is historic."
She slowly lifts the potion to her mouth. A clap of thunder startles her, and she fumbles the potion until it smashes on the floor.
Luz says: "Golden elixir."
Luz says: "Gone!"
Luz says: "This is awful."
King says: "Who even needs a light spell when we have tons of lamps?"
The lamps flare and die. Luz glares at King.
King says: "Hooty controls the house lights."
King says: "He probably just fell asleep."
Hooty says: "Hoot!"
Hooty says: "Hoot!"
Luz says: "Hooty!"
Hooty says: "Hoot, oh, hoot!"
Luz and King reach the living room and gasp. A shadowy beast has knocked the door of its hinges and made a mess of the front wall. It leaves deep scratches in the wood next to Hooty, growls when it notices the other two, then flees. Luz and King run up to Hooty.
Luz says: "Hooty!"
Luz says: "Are you in there?"
Luz says: "Whatever did this escaped into the rain."
Luz says: "What could survive that?"
King says: "Oh, my gosh."
King says: "The Snaggleback!"
King says: "It feeds during the rains."
King says: "It must have stumbled across our house and seen us inside."
Something howls. They go outside in time for the shadowy creature to jump through an upper floor window.
Luz says: "This is terrifying."
Luz says: "So why do you look so happy?"
King says: "Because this could be a lesson."
King says: "This would be a great way for you to see a wild demon up close and personal."
Luz says: "You want to go toward those creepy sounds?"
Luz says: "No way!"
King says: "What if Eda gets eaten?"
King says: "She's upstairs and defenseless because you knocked her out."
Cut to the two preparing for battle. Luz pulls on rubber gloves. King tapes a pillow to his chest. Luz puts bandages under her eyes like eye black, then grins. Luz grabs a hockey stick, which King runs past in favor of grabbing Francois.
King says: "Weh!"
Cut to the two approaching the staircase, Luz using the flashlight on her phone to light the way. Floorboards creak as they go upstairs. They reach a hallway and stop as the door to Eda's room creaks open. They share a nervous look. Luz opens the doors all the way, revealing an empty room and a shattered window, through which we can again see a lightning strike.
Luz says: "Oh, my gosh."
Luz says: "Eda!"
King says: "She got snaggle‐backed."
Luz says: "Eda?"
Luz says: "No!"
Luz says: "Slash marks."
Luz says: "King!"
Luz says: "You're the demon expert."
Luz says: "I need your help."
King says: "I'll go get my demon book."
He runs out of the room and down the hall. A shadow snarls as it passes over him. He returns holding two books.
King says: "Wait, wait."
King says: "First edition or second?"
King says: "The Snaggleback got her."
The shadow snarls again as it passes behind him. He chases after it.
King says: "You craven beast."
King says: "Give me back my boo‐boo buddy."
He rounds a corner and gasps. A door creaks closed, Luz's shoe upside down in front of it.
King says: "Luz?"
He picks up the shoe. Holding it like a weapon, he opens the door and enters the closet. He looks around until noticing a shadow hiding behind clothes.
King says: "There's nowhere for you to run!"
King says: "Snaggleback?"
King says: "Wow."
King says: "You are a lot shorter in person."
Snaggleback says: "I'm sorry, I'm sorry."
Snaggleback says: "I‐I just needed a place to hide from the rains."
King says: "Then why did you break down our door and take Luz?"
King says: "That's not cool, man."
King says: "Bad Snaggleback!"
Snaggleback says: "I- I didn't do any of that stuff."
Snaggleback says: "I snuck in through a window just now."
King says: "Huh?"
King says: "Well, then what..."
Snaggleback says: "Oh, no!"
Snaggleback says: "A twist!"
A shadowed claw pulls Snaggleback through the ceiling. Snarls and stomps can be heard as King backs away from the hole. Something bangs against the door.
The door creaks open, revealing the shadowy beast, still snarling. It spits out Snaggleback's shell, then roars.
King says: "Oh, my."
The beast advances, forcing King against the wall.
King says: "Stay back."
King says: "Hey, hey."
King says: "I am the king of demons, okay?"
King says: "And as such, I demand you to barf my friends back up."
The beast screeches and raises a claw. King yells and ducks, and the claws score the wall where his head was a moment before, King runs.
King is far more nimble than the beast, rounding corners with ease while the beast slams into the walls. King is yelping and the beast is snarling. When King rounds a second corner, Luz's arm reaches out and pulls him into a room. The door closes with a squeak. The beast enters the hallway slowly, exhaling loudly. Cut to inside Eda's room, where Luz is holding King. Footsteps are heard outside as a shadow passes the door.
King says: "Luz?"
Luz says: "King!"
Luz says: "Oh, I'm so glad you're safe."
King says: "Where did you go?"
Luz says: "I was checking on Eda, and she was gone, and then you were gone."
Luz says: "I also tripped and lost my shoe."
Luz says: "Oh, hey, you found it."
Luz raises her foot to put her shoe on, revealing a piece of paper on the bottom of her foot.
King says: "What's that?"
King says: ""An elixir a day, keeps the curse at bay."
Luz says: "Curse?"
Luz says: "Wait, what are you trying to say?"
King says: "I was wrong the whole time."
King says: "That's no snaggleback."
King says: "That creature is..."
They both scream as a clawed hand bursts through the door. A body follows it, and it growls and turns to reveal a familiar face.
Luz says: "Eda?"
Eda snarls and stalks closer, raising a claw to swipe at them. Luz screams and braces. Her phone falls out of her pocket, and the camera goes off when it hits the floor. The flash blinds Eda, making her scream. Luz takes the distraction to grab King and hide on a balcony. Eda screams, and it echoes loudly.
Eda stalks the room, sniffing. Luz has her hands over her mouth while King has his on his head. Eda seems to smell them, growling and sniffing closer to them. Luz grabs a can and throws it. Eda growls at the sound and chases it.
Luz says: "Oh, man."
Luz says: "Did you see her eyes?"
Luz says: "They were like‐‐  What happened to her?"
King says: "Don't you see?"
King says: "The elixir I gave you doesn't give Eda powers."
King says: "It prevents her from turning into that thing."
King says: "She's turned into a nightmare and it's all my fault."
King says: "I'm so sorry, Luz."
King says: "I‐I just wanted you to be into demons like you're into magic."
King says: "I don't have many friends, and no one even pays that much attention to me."
King says: "I thought maybe if I taught you, finally someone would care about creatures like me."
Luz says: "Well..."
Luz says: "let's finish the lesson."
King says: "Huh?"
Luz says: "Eda's turned into some kind of demon, and we need to save her."
Luz says: "So who knows more about demons than the best teacher in the world?"
King brightens and points to himself. Luz nods. He takes the pen, then giggles and hugs Luz. He smacks some leaves onto the floor.
King says: "Let's see."
King says: "That's it."
King says: "Light!"
King says: "Luz, use your human wonder rectangle."
Luz says: "I can't."
Luz says: "My camera's all blasted."
King says: "Then..."
King says: "what about that light spell?"
Eda says: "..."
Eda says: "spell circle is really key..."
The video glitches.
Luz says: "There's a pattern in the spell circle."
King says: "What?"
King says: "Where?"
Luz says: "There."
She taps the pattern with the tip of the pen. The drawing on the leaf begins glowing.
The leaf folds into itself, brightening until it's a small floating ball of light. Luz gently cups it in her hands, bringing it to eye level.
Luz says: "It's beautiful."
Thunder rumbles and rain hisses as it hits the shield.
Luz says: "Oh, my gosh."
Luz says: "I just did magic."
Luz says: "I just did magic!"
Luz says: "I just did magic!"
King says: "Shh!"
King says: "We're not going to stop anything with something that small."
Distant screeching makes both of them cower.
King says: "What do we do now?"
Luz says: "I think I know how to get Eda back."
Luz says: "Will you help me, boo‐boo buddy?"
Cut to the living room, where Beast Eda is sniffing around. She pounces onto the treasure chest next to the fallen door, sniffing a book. A clicking sound distracts her.
King says: "Oh, what lovely thing do we have here?"
King says: "It's just so dang shiny."
King says: "Oh, my."
King says: "Oh, dear."
Eda stares at the pen's light, cooing. She screeches and lunges for it. King runs and Eda follows. King ducks down a hallway. Eda slides on a pile of books and papers. She crashes into a wall, and gasps when Luz tosses a blanket over her head.
Luz says: "I'm sorry, Eda."
Luz says: "But it's for your own good."
She finishes drawing a giant light glyph on the wall. With a grunt, she slams it to activate it. Blinding light is produced.
Cut to Eda, back in witch form, laying in her nest with a straw in her mouth. She sits up, still partially transformed.
Eda says: "Ahh!"
A giant owl pellet breaks, revealing Snaggleback.
Snaggleback says: "I'm just gonna..."
Snaggleback says: "lie here for a minute."
Eda says: "Hmm?"
Eda says: "I was looking for that."
King says: "Actually, we found an extra one in your closet."
Eda says: "King?"
Eda says: "King!"
Eda says: "You stole my elixir?"
King says: "Shh!"
King says: "Over there."
Luz is surrounded by balls of light. She draws out another glyph as thunder rumbles in the background. She activates the glyph, grinning as the ball of light joins the others.
Eda says: "Wow."
Eda says: "How is she doing that?"
Camera pans up to show dozens of balls of light.
King says: "I don't know, but she did it all on her own."
King says: "Hey, I, uh, kind of messed a bunch of things up back there."
King says: "And I just wanted to say I'm sorry."
Eda says: "Well, you better be."
Eda says: "I got a long list of disgusting chores with your name on it."
Eda says: "But it's not entirely your fault."
Eda says: "I haven't been completely honest with you guys."
Eda says: "When I was younger, I was cursed."
Eda says: "I don't know exactly how it happened, all I know is that if I don't take my elixir..."
Eda says: "Well, that's why people call me the Owl Lady."
Eda says: "No one likes having a curse, but if you take the right steps, it's manageable."
Luz says: "Whoa."
Luz says: "So are you okay?"
Eda says: "There's nothing for you to worry about."
Eda says: "It's all under control, and as long as no one steals my elixir ‐‐ King ‐‐ then I'm fine."
Eda says: "But, hey, look at this."
Eda says: "A human doing magic."
Eda says: "Good on you, kid."
Luz says: "I had some encouragement from a great teacher."
King says: "Oh, you."
Hooty says: "Hey, hey!"
Hooty says: "Is anyone there?"
Hooty says: "Hello?"
Hooty says: "Hoot?"
Hooty says: "I'm on the floor."
Hooty says: "It's cold!"
King says: "That voice."
King says: "That horrific voice!"
Luz says: "We'll take care of him."
Luz says: "You stay in bed."
Luz says: "Come on, you goopy fella."
Luz says: "We'll set you free now."
Snaggleback says: "Ow, ow, ow."
Snaggleback says: "I think my tail was digested."
Eda closes her eyes. The scene changes to a void, with only Eda and a door. Indistinct whispering can be heard.
Eda says: "No, not this memory again."
The door opens. On the other side is a wavering shadow, two circles of light near the top, back-lit by pure white light.
Eda says: "You!"
Eda says: "You're the one who cursed me, aren't you?"
Eda says: "Who are you?"
Eda says: "Who are you?"
Fade back to Eda's room as she sits up in her nest with a gasp. She looks around and exhales. Cut to the living room, where the door and Hooty have been restored to their rightful place. Luz has put bandages on the claw marks on the door.
Luz says: "Welcome to the boo‐boo buddy club, Hooty."
Hooty says: "Finally I get to be a part of something."
Camera pans to the couch, where Snaggleback and King are sitting, the latter drawing.
Snaggleback says: "And then she had teeth in her stomach."
Snaggleback says: "Teeth in her stomach!"
Snaggleback says: "Can you believe that?"
King says: "Oh, yeah."
King says: "This will make a great addition to my demon book."
Snaggleback says: "That book is filled with so many interesting things."
Snaggleback says: "Like this."
Snaggleback says: "I'm one of the strongest demons on the Boiling Isles, huh?"
King says: "Yeah, I'm gonna have to edit that."
Snaggleback says: "Oh."
Season 1.
Season 2.
TBA.