Open on a hallway in Hexside, where Boscha is magically changing her nails and Amity is reading.
Boscha says: "Too wiggly."
Boscha says: "Too obvious."
Boscha says: "Now we're talkin'!"
Boscha says: "I think today is a talons day - rawr!"
Skara says: "Hey girls!"
Skara says: "Time to bug out at my birthday party!"
Skara holds up an invite which unrolls in the shape of a red butterfly. Its wings read "SKARA'S 15th".
Skara says: "Invite only, but you witches are my VIPs!"
Amity says: "Are these made of real insect wings?"
Skara says: "My dad spared no expense!"
Skara says: "You only turn 15 once!"
Boscha says: "You only turn every age once, Skara."
Luz says: "Prepare thyself to do battle like a human!"
Luz says: "Thumb war!!"
Willow says: "It's funny 'cause it's stupid!"
Boscha says: "It's so weird that a human goes here now."
Boscha says: "Too bad she's already burned her social life at the stake."
Boscha says: "Any friend of Willow's is an automatic dork."
Boscha says: "Ugh!"
Boscha says: "Skara!"
Boscha says: "Why did you give me an invite that was molting?"
Boscha says: "Gross!"
Boscha says: "Give me another one."
Boscha throws the invite on the floor. Two younger kids see it.
Kid #1 says: "An invitation to Skara's party!"
Kid #1 says: "I want it!"
Kid #2 says: "I want it!"
Kid #1 says: "It's mine!"
Kid #2 says: "No it's mine!"
The two kids start fighting.
Teacher #1 says: "Oh."
Teacher #1 says: "Kid fight!"
Teacher #2 says: "Kid fight?"
Detention Teacher says: "Kid fight!"
THEME.
Cut to Luz and Willow at Luz's locker.
Luz says: "Oh my gosh Willow, I'm so excited for photo class!"
Luz says: "I can't believe you can make pictures of your actual memories!"
Luz says: "I'ma see me some baby Willow!"
Willow says: "I'll admit, I was adorable."
Luz tries to take a book out of her locker, but it bites down on it.
Luz says: "Don't eat that."
Luz says: "Hiss!"
Boscha says: ""Oh look at me!"
Boscha says: "I'm going on a date with my ferns!"
Skara laughs as she, Boscha, and Amity pass Luz and Willow. Willow wilts.
Luz says: "That could be anyone!"
Skara says: "Solid Willow impression, Boscha!"
Skara says: "Amity, weren't you friends with Willow?"
The three of them stop walking. Amity side-eyes Skara.
Amity says: "I'm a Blight."
Amity says: "We only associate with a select few."
Amity says: "Keep annoying me though, I'm happy to select fewer."
Skara says: "Oh, I coulda sworn that you guys hung out."
Skara and Boscha follow Amity.
Cut to a darkroom-like classroom with students sitting in front of undeveloped photos.
Luz says: "Alright memory melon, let's pick another juicy one!"
Willow says: "Be careful with my brain!"
Luz pulls a photo out of Willow's ear with a pair of tweezers.
Luz says: "Ooo, who says brain surgery is hard?"
Willow rubs her ear as Luz puts the empty photo on a wire.
Photo Teacher says: "How's your work?"
Photo Teacher says: "Note that some prints have greater clarity than others."
Photo Teacher says: "These are moments that invoke strong emotional response."
Luz says: "All the colors of the brainbow."
Luz goes to touch the photo. A big blue hand that has "HALT" on it stops her.
Photo Teacher says: "But, if you damage the prints, you'll damage the memories themselves!"
Photo Teacher says: "Be extremely careful."
Luz says: "Whoa."
Luz says: "Photo class is intense."
One photo develops, showing Willow on a chair, blushing a bit, with a band-aid on her cheek, and with wavy and poofy hair.
Luz says: "Oh my gosh, Willow, you had an awkward hair phase, too?"
Luz says: "I knew we were meant to be friends."
She holds up a picture day photo of her as a child with her hair done up in three awkward braids, each sporting two bows. There are also stickers in her hair.
Luz says: "Ooo there's more!"
[The rest of the photos develop says: "Willow being pushed on a swing by her dads, Willow feeding as spider demon, Willow and her dads at what looks like a winter holiday, and Amity hugging Willow at a birthday party."
Willow says: "Ugh."
Luz says: "Hey, I know you and Amity have a history."
Luz says: "Wouldn't you feel better talking about it?"
Willow says: "No, I'd rather do this."
Willow says: "That's my motto after all!"
Willow says: ""Out of sight, out of mind."
The bell screams and rings. Students begin leaving.
Luz says: "If you won't tell me what she did, I'll never be able to cook up a scheme to make you friends again."
Willow says: "Luz, I get it, but I don't want you to do that."
Willow says: "No schemes, no plots, no ruses, none!"
Willow says: "Okay?"
Willow says: "Now let's get to lunch!"
Luz says: "She never did mention anything about..."
Luz says: "shenanigans."
Luz turns the photo back around. She follows Willow out of the classroom as Boscha and Amity come from the opposite direction.
Luz says: "Wait up!"
Boscha says: "I can't believe I made him cry."
Boscha says: "Like, he's the teacher."
As they pass photo class, Amity stops.
Amity says: "Hm?"
She looks at Willow's memory photos, specifically the birthday party one.
Amity says: "Oh no."
Boscha says: "Why do you look like you've seen a ghost?"
Boscha says: "Is there a ghost in photo class?"
Boscha says: "Are they cute!"
Boscha says: "?"
Amity tries to block Boscha's view with her hand.
Amity says: "Yep, just a super cute ghost."
Amity says: "But they're all mine!"
Boscha says: "Ask if they have any friends!"
Amity says: "I'm sorry."
Amity says: "But I have to do this."
Amity summons a small flame and burns her face off the photo. She blows on the embers to put it out, puts the photo back, and start to leave. The photo reignites. Amity stops at the door.
Amity says: "Huh?"
Amity says: "Um, uh..."
Amity says: "."
Amity blows on the flame. It spreads to the other photos.
Amity says: "Oh, come on!"
Cut to the cafeteria. Gus is looking at a corkboard titled "WHO TO INTERVIEW".
Luz says: "Hey there, detective."
Luz says: "Are you solving a crime or about to commit one?"
Gus says: "This is one problem crime can't solve."
Gus says: "My interview for journalism class is due tomorrow!"
Gus says: "I'm supposed to choose someone "interesting, accomplished, and noteworthy."
Gus says: "" People aren't meant to be all those things!"
Gus says: "Curse your need for perfection, Gus!"
Luz says: "Okay buddy, okay."
Luz says: "So, Willow-- whoa."
Luz says: "Are you okay?"
Willow says: "When did it get so hot?"
Willow drinks water and exhales steam. She pours herself another cup, then just douses herself with the pitcher, releasing more steam. Gus sips at his apple blood, looking confused, while Luz looks concerned. Steam comes out of Willow's ears as she cleans her glasses. When she puts them back on, her pupils dilate until her eyes are completely black.
Willow says: "Uhh, hi!"
Willow says: "I'm Willow!"
Willow says: "Remind me of your names?"
Gus says: "This is serious journalism, Willow."
Gus says: "Clowning around will get you nowhere."
Willow says: "I'm-I'm serious!"
Willow says: "Who-who are you?"
Gus says: "I'll admit, this amnesia spin has piqued my interest."
Luz says: "Gus, it really seems like she's forgotten us, like her memory is-  Like her memory is gone!"
Cut to photo class as Gus and Luz run in, Willow walking drunkenly behind them.
Gus says: "Hexside Free Press!"
Gus says: "What's going on here?"
Amity is desperately trying to blow out the flames. She notices the others.
Amity says: "..."
Amity says: "."
Luz says: "You destroyed Willow's memories?!"
Luz says: "!"
Amity says: "I-I saved as many as I could!"
She holds up the picture of Willow's awkward hair phase, another one behind it. An ember burns both of them to ash. Amity and Luz watch the ashes fall.
Amity says: "Ugh!"
Amity says: "Why would they make memories so flammable!"
Amity says: "?"
Cut to the Owl House.
Amity says: "So, this is the Owl House."
Luz says: "Yup."
Amity says: "And you..."
Amity says: "sleep here?"
Luz says: "When the night critters allow me to."
Eda says: "So, you set Willow's memories on fire and erased everything."
Eda says: "Even minor damage can have huge effects!"
Willow walks into the couch where King is sleeping.
Willow says: "Ahh, a chair for sitting!"
Willow flops face front onto the couch, does a handstand while trying to sit, and then flops upside down.
Eda says: "Yep, her brain's burned up real good."
Eda says: "Damage like that can change everything about a person."
Eda says: "Willow may never be the same."
Willow finally gets the sitting position right.
Willow says: "I got it!"
Willow says: "I'm gonna peel it!"
King says: "What?"
King says: "What is happening?!"
King says: "!"
Eda says: "Nap time."
Eda casts a spell, putting Willow to sleep.
King says: "Sleep spell..."
King yawns and goes to sleep.
Eda says: "I didn't cast it on you."
King says: "Yeah, who cares?"
Luz says: "Is there anything we can do?"
Eda says: "There is one way, but it's terribly dangerous and partially illegal."
Eda says: "So you're in the right place!"
Eda says: "I'll send you into her mind to fix the damage."
Luz says: "Be still my fantasy loving heart, I have always wanted to do this!"
Luz says: "Thank you, Boiling Isles."
Eda says: "It won't be easy."
Eda says: "You have a lot to fix in there, 'cause it's a mess!"
Eda says: "Yep, whoever did this to Willow showed unbelievable disregard for her safety, downright despicable."
Amity looks guilty.
Eda says: "Anyways, Luz, who's going inside with you?"
Hooty says: "Maybe I can help!"
Hooty says: "I'm pretty good at getting stuck inside people's heads!"
Eda says: "This is someone's brain, not a night club!"
Eda says: "Two max."
Luz looks at Gus, who is pacing in front of his corkboard.
Gus says: "I'm running out of time."
Gus says: "Ugh."
Gus says: "I'm in total free fall!"
Gus says: "Must I turn to forbidden sources?"
Gus says: "Aah!"
Luz says: "Gus..."
Luz says: "has a lot on his plate."
Luz says: "Amity, you have to go with me."
Amity says: "Willow might not want me in there."
Luz says: "You set everything in there on fire!"
Luz says: "You have to help."
Amity looks at Luz and thinks for a second.
Amity says: "Okay, I'll do what I can."
Luz holds her hand out to Amity. She hesitantly takes it.
Eda says: "Alright!"
Eda says: "Bold choice, taking the girl who caused the mess."
Luz says: "Whoa."
Eda says: "When you're done, ring that and I'll cast you back-- Oh, and keep an eye out for her "Inner Willow."
Eda says: "" She's the gatekeeper of emotions and memory."
Eda says: "She might help ya."
Eda lifts her hand. The spell circle around Luz and Amity produces a light that encases them.
Eda says: "Now, here we go!"
Luz says: "Ah!"
Amity says: "Ah!"
Luz and Amity disappear into the yellow light of the spell. Eda directs it to Willow, still fast asleep. Cut to a black void inside Willow's mind, where Luz and Amity land.
Luz says: "AH!"
Light appears and bursts forward. Luz and Amity shield their eyes. When the light dims, they're standing in a forest, each tree growing around a dark picture frame. Luz and Amity look around and start walking.
Amity says: "Where's her Inner Willow?"
Amity says: "Do you really think it'll help?"
Luz says: "I don't know."
Luz says: "We'll just have to start fixing stuff on our own!"
Luz says: "Hmm, now let's see..."
Luz blows dust off a frame and coughs. It's a picture of a fort on a beach. Luz touches it with her hand, which goes through the picture.
Amity says: "Luz?"
Amity says: "Luz!"
Amity says: "Aah!"
Luz and Amity fall through the opposite side of the picture, landing face first.
Luz says: "Woo!"
Amity says: "Ah!"
Luz says: "And welcome to Willow's beautiful..."
Luz says: "memory?"
The memory is in grayscale and burning. They're at a grassy beach with a dock and sign that reads "LAKE LACUNA".
Amity says: "Lake Lacuna!"
Amity says: "This is where Willow and I took swimming lessons!"
Amity says: "The ash must be from the fires."
Amity says: "Our fort!"
Amity says: "In the dunes!"
They run up to the fort. Amity starts taking things off of it.
Amity says: "One time Willow wanted to play hooky from our swim lessons, so we built this!"
Luz says: "Forts, hooky, Willow."
Luz says: "Can words get any cuter?"
Amity says: "We knew the swim teacher would be on the prowl, but Willow said she'd protect us with an illusion spell."
Luz says: "Wha?"
Luz says: "It's like dog house for angels!"
Amity says: "Wait, something is missing."
Amity looks down. She swipes sand off a small flag reading "A+W". She smiles at it fondly before putting it in a small flowerpot tied to the top of the fort.
Amity says: "There."
The memory's color returns. Amity and Luz appear back outside the memory picture in Willow's mind.
Amity says: "We're back!"
Luz says: "I think fixing the fort fixed the memory!"
The memory starts playing in color, showing a young Amity and Willow laughing and entering the fort.
Young Amity says: "Ugh!"
Young Amity says: "The seagulls are back again!"
Young Willow says: "Don't worry, I'll get rid of them!"
Young Willow casts a spell. Instead of getting rid of the seagulls, she gets rid of the fort. The seagulls attack them as the fort reappears.
Young Amity says: "Willow!"
Young Willow says: "I'm sorry, I thought I was getting better!"
The swim teacher spots Amity and Willow and drags them back to class.
Amity says: "Willow was a..."
Amity says: "late bloomer."
Luz says: "I know, but now she's more like a great bloomer!"
Luz says: "This place is like theater showing her most important moments!"
Luz says: "Now let's fix some more!"
Luz says: "The photo that started it all!"
Luz says: "Let's do it next."
Amity visibly panics. Luz starts to climb into the picture.
Amity says: "Wait!"
Amity says: "Uhh."
Amity says: "You want important moments?"
Luz says: "Hmm, don't mind if I do!"
They both climb in. A pink firey foot steps on the ground.
Cut back to the Owl House, where Willow is still sleeping. Gus is pacing in front of her.
Gus says: "No one can give me the interview I need, except..."
Gus says: "myself!"
Gus's Illusion says: "I'd rather die than expose my secrets!"
Gus says: "Then die you shall!"
Gus and his illusion strike fighting poses.
Eda says: "Ahem."
Eda says: "If you need an interview, look no further."
Eda says: "Interesting?"
Eda says: "I'm a bad girl living in a secret fortress."
Hooty says: "I'm the secret!"
Eda says: "Shh!"
Eda says: "I'm public enemy number one."
Eda says: "Accomplished?"
Eda says: "I'm the greatest witch who ever lived!"
The mural on the ceiling glows as Eda poses dramatically. Gus turns to his illusion.
Gus says: "What do you think?"
King says: "I think not!"
Gus says: "Aaa!"
King says: "If you're handing out attention, I deserve it."
King says: "Nyeh!"
King jumps to the floor. Gus's illusion disappears in a puff of blue. The real Gus looks at King and Eda.
Gus says: "I will choose one of you, but which one?"
Gus says: "If you want to get picked, you'll have to impress me."
King and Eda glare at each other.
[Cut to Willow's mind. Montage of Luz says: "Willow and her dads playing on the swings."
Amity fixing Willow's memories says: "Willow and her dads playing on the swings."
[Cut to Willow's mind. Montage of Luz says: "Willow and Amity reading 13+ romance novels."
Amity fixing Willow's memories says: "Willow and Amity reading 13+ romance novels."
[Cut to Willow's mind. Montage of Luz says: "Amity waving for Willow to join her on the "Roller Ghoster."
Amity fixing Willow's memories says: "Amity waving for Willow to join her on the "Roller Ghoster."
Young Willow says: "I don't feel so good!"
Luz says: "We don't need to see how this one ends..."
Amity says: "Yeah, Willow threw up a lot that day."
Amity says: "That's when you knew she was havin' fun."
Luz says: "Ew..."
Luz says: "I mean, aw!"
Amity looks downcast.
Luz says: "Hey, you okay?"
Amity says: "Yeah, I just..."
Amity says: "I can't believe I almost erased all of this."
Amity says: "I really messed things up."
Luz says: "Don't worry."
Luz says: "We've gotten really good at fixing memories!"
Luz says: "I won't rest until we've got this all sorted out."
Luz says: "Repeat after me: "We can fix this together!"
Luz says: "" Come on!"
Luz says: "Heck yeah we can!"
Luz says: "I know some of these memories must be painful for you, but, what happened to you guys?"
Luz says: "And why are you trying to hide it?"
Amity says: "I just..."
Amity notices a pink fire monster stepping out from behind a tree.
Amity says: "What's that!"
Amity says: "?"
Luz turns to see nothing.
Luz says: "Look, if you don't wanna talk about it, just say so."
Amity says: "No, I actually saw something!"
Amity says: "At least I..."
Amity says: "I think I did."
Luz says: "If you need me, I shall be fixing this memory of a ball pit."
Luz says: "It's eggs!"
Luz says: "It's full of eggs!"
Luz says: "Why is this memory full of eggs?!"
Luz says: "!"
Amity says: "Yeah, that one's hard to explain."
Cut to the Owl House. King is looking at himself in a hand mirror.
Eda says: "Just give up, King, 'cause I got this."
King says: "You got nothing."
King says: "No one could turn down an interview with someone this pretty!"
The lights flick off.
King says: "Weh?"
Eda says: "Hm?"
Gus says: "Where were you born?"
King says: "Weh?"
Gus says: "What'd you eat for breakfast this morning?"
Eda says: "Wha?"
Gus says: "What's your greatest strength?"
King says: "My decisiveness."
King says: "W-wa-Wait, I changed my mind!"
Gus says: "This will be the single greatest interview of all time."
Gus says: "So if you want it, you'll have to dazzle me!"
Eda says: "The kid scares me."
Cut to Willow's mind. Luz is pulling an egg shell off her head.
Amity says: "We're getting pretty good at fixing these."
Luz says: "Yeah."
Luz says: "And there's only one last memory to fix!"
Luz says: "The one you're suspiciously avoiding."
Amity says: "Me?"
Amity says: "Avoid?"
Amity says: "No."
Amity says: "But let's skip it!"
Amity says: "Where's Eda's bell?"
Amity runs at Luz. Luz stops her with one hand on Amity's face.
Luz says: "Amity, you gotta stop being weird."
Luz says: "We have to fix all of them."
Luz says: "Unless..."
Luz says: "there's something in there you don't want me to see."
Amity crosses her arms defensively.
Luz says: "Look, I'm not here to judge, I'm just here to help Willow."
Amity says: "Help?"
Amity says: "All you're doing is prying into your friends lives!"
Luz looks ashamed. Smoke drifts in.
Amity says: "Well, did you ever think maybe it's none of your business?"
Amity says: "Is something..."
Amity says: "burning?"
Luz and Amity turn to see pink flames destroying the memories they had just fixed.
Luz says: "Look!"
The pink monster reappears and runs toward the two, causing them to scream.
Amity says: "Hide, hide, hide!"
Amity drags Luz behind the egg memory tree. The pink monster jumps into the photo. Luz and Amity look at the photo as it reignites.
Luz says: "Oh no!"
Luz says: "That thing is burning up all the memories!"
Amity says: "Please call Eda, I don't wanna be here when it comes out!"
Luz grabs the bell and rings it. Cut to the Owl House, where Eda is ringing several bells, with even more on the coffee table in front of her.
Eda says: "How's that for interesting?"
Eda says: "There's levels to me kid, levels I say!"
Gus says: "Yes, that was nice."
King says: "No it wasn't!"
King says: "If you want noise, I'll give you noise!"
King slides on the table, sending the bells flying. He slams a spoon against a metal sheet. Gus smiles and writes on his notepad. Cut back into Willow's mind.
Amity says: "Why won't she answer?"
Luz says: "Yeah..."
Luz says: "she's not super reliable."
The flames behind them grow.
Luz says: "Run!"
Amity says: "AH!"
Luz and Amity run as the monster emerges. It enters several more photos.
Amity says: "Why is it destroying all the photos?"
Luz says: "I don't know."
Luz says: "Amity, that thing isn't after any photo."
Luz says: "It's after you!"
The monster turns and locks eyes with Amity.
Amity says: "What?"
Luz says: "Run!"
Luz says: "I have an idea!"
Amity says: "We can't go in there, I'm in there!"
Luz says: "Just trust me!"
Luz shoves Amity in. She checks to see if the monster is following them before jumping in herself. Both land on their faces. Luz stands and drags her finger in the sand, drawing a large circle.
Luz says: "Time for a swimming lesson!"
Luz slams the circle. The inside of it turns blue, and the inner lines of the ice glyph appear though the central vertical line is missing. A pillar of ice begins to grow from the glyph. The monster leaps through the photo and lands on the pillar as it grows, and the monster slides into the lake. Luz and Amity look around the pillar.
Luz says: "Woo!"
Luz says: "Teamwork baby!"
Luz hugs Amity, causing her to blush. Amity looks down at Luz's arms, then up at the lake.
Amity says: "Luz."
A shadow is standing in the lake, obscured by fog. The fog clears, revealing Willow, pink flames around her. She looks at Luz and Amity.
Amity says: "Are you..."
Amity says: "the Inner Willow?"
Her hands ignite in flames. Around them, the memory starts to burn again. A tree is set on fire, then another, and then the fort. The flag burns to ash. Luz and Amity watch the destruction.
Luz says: "Please!"
Luz says: "Stop!"
Inner Willow says: "But Amity wanted this."
Inner Willow says: "Every moment she touched, I'm going to burn."
Amity says: "You're just hurting Willow."
Amity says: "Why are you doing this?"
Inner Willow says: "You wanted to know everything, right?"
Inner Willow says: "Then come take a trip down memory lane."
Luz says: "You're saying it all creepy, but I like the sound of-- whoa!"
Inner Willow grabs Luz by the cowl and tosses her through the memory. Cut to Amity's childhood bedroom. Amity bounces off her bed and lands on her feet. Luz flies through the air and crashes into something. She walks over to Amity while rubbing her head.
Luz says: "Where are we?"
Inner Willow floats into the memory. Amity hides behind Luz.
Inner Willow says: "You said I was hurting Willow?"
Inner Willow says: "I was just finishing what you started!"
With a bell toll and a flash of flame, the memory begins playing. The door to Young Amity's room opens, and Young Amity and Young Willow enter.
Young Amity says: "You have to get out Willow, now!"
Young Willow says: "Wait, why?"
Young Willow says: "Is it because I still can't do magic?!"
Young Willow says: "!"
Young Willow says: "Ami, I'm-- I'm sorry I got us in trouble at the beach, I just-- I can't get the spells right."
Young Amity says: "Well yes, that, that is why!"
Young Amity says: "Because you're a weakling!"
Young Amity says: "You can't do magic so I don't wanna be your friend."
Young Amity says: "Now, go!"
Inner Willow makes them disappear into dust. Young Amity's scowl disappears to reveal Amity's resigned expression, while Young Willow's tearful face reveals Inner Willow's furious one.
Inner Willow says: "Then you let your new friends pick on her for years."
Inner Willow says: "All because you thought she was weak."
Inner Willow says: "out of sight, out of mind."
Luz says: "Amity!"
A ring of fire circles around Amity's feet.
Amity says: "Wait!"
Amity says: "Please."
The flames disappear.
Amity says: "Before all this started, there-- there was something else."
Something bangs on the door.
Alador says: "Amity?"
The door opens. A light turns on in the darkness behind it, showing Young Amity, her parents' shadows looming over her.
Odalia says: "What is Willow doing here?"
Odalia says: "She wasn't on the guest list for a reason."
Young Amity says: "But, she's..."
Young Amity says: "she's my best friend!"
Inner Willow is surprised by that.
Alador says: "Nonsense, Blights only associate with the strongest of witchlings."
Alador says: "You can choose a new friend from one of the suitable companions we invited."
A black and white picture of young Boscha and Skara appears next to the Blights, both witchlings looking bored.
Young Amity says: "But they're mean!"
Young Amity says: "Just because you work with their parents doesn't mean I have to like them!"
Odalia says: "Good children don't squabble, dear."
Odalia says: "Sever your ties with Willow, and if you don't..."
Alador says: "Then we will."
Odalia says: "We'll make sure the girl is never admitted into Hexside."
Odalia says: "Now go, and try not to make a scene."
The door closes. All color in the room fades as flames go out.
Amity says: "Willow, you were never too weak to be my friend."
Amity says: "I was too weak to be yours."
Amity says: "I can't take back what I've done, but I can promise you this."
Inner Willow turns, tears in her eyes.
Inner Willow says: "I do."
Inner Willow says: "I think Willow should keep her memories of you."
Inner Willow says: "The good, and the bad."
Amity says: "Me too."
Luz says: "Then, if it's okay, Amity and I still have some work to do."
Inner Willow nods. The three of them put their heads together. A flash of light later, they're back in the main forest of Willow's mind. Luz hands Amity the repaired birthday photo. Amity hangs it in the tree. Young Inner Willow runs behind them, making them turn around. Inner Willow walks out from behind a tree, no longer surrounded by pink flames, holding Young Inner Willow's hand. Amity waves at them. Luz is ugly crying. Young Inner Willow turns to leave and walks face-first into a tree. She giggles and runs off. Inner Willow waves and follows her.
Luz says: "So, does this mean you and Willow are buddies again?"
Amity says: "I'm not sure."
Cut to the Owl House. Eda and King are panting, posing on the coffee table. Various items litter the floor.
Eda says: "So?"
Eda says: "Who got the gig, kid?"
Gus says: "Well, this has been the hardest choice of my entire life."
Gus says: "But with the public interest in mind, the interview goes to..."
Gus says: "Hooty!"
Eda says: "Hooty?"
King says: "Hooty?"
Hooty says: "Hoot?"
Gus says: "Well, your performances got me thinking."
Gus says: "What could create such interesting people?"
Gus says: "Only the Owl House itself."
Hooty says: "Aaaaah!"
Gus says: "Tell me everything, Mr."
Gus says: "Hooty!"
Hooty says: "I've been waiting to hear those words all my life!"
Hooty says: "Where to begin?"
Hooty says: "It all started..."
Eda says: "Ooooh, I'm gonna do it."
Eda says: "I'm gonna bake that bird in a pie!"
King says: "I'm gonna bake that kid into a pie!"
Eda says: "Huh?"
Eda says: "Oh, right, I put people in there."
Eda summons Luz and Amity from Willow's mind. They land with a puff of yellow smoke, holding hands. The bell disappears from Luz's hand.
Luz says: "Whoa."
Luz says: "What went down here?"
Luz says: "Where's Gus?"
Luz says: "What did you do with Gus?"
Eda says: "He's fine, he's just dead to us."
Eda and King leave.
Luz says: "Those are very mixed messages."
Willow wakes up.
Luz says: "Willow!"
Luz says: "Do you know who I am?"
Willow says: "A friendly scarecrow?"
Willow says: "Ha!"
Willow says: "just messing, I remember everything!"
Luz says: "She's back, folks!"
Luz says: "My girl's back!"
Luz says: "I'm gonna hug you so hard you'll never forget me again!"
Amity turns, looking hurt, and starts to leave. Luz watches her open the door. Amity gives her a shy wave and takes a step out the door.
Willow says: "I remember what you did too."
Amity stops and looks back.
Willow says: "What you did in there."
Willow says: "I can't say we're friends, but it's..."
Willow says: "a start."
Amity waves again, smiling. She leaves and closes the door behind her.
Willow says: "Luz, question: how did Amity happen to see the photo I hid in class?"
Luz says: "You said nothing about shenanigans..."
Hooty says: "My first word was hoot."
Hooty says: "My second word was hoot-hoot."
Gus says: "Hooty, you gotta stay on track here buddy!"
Amity stops walking. She reaches into her pocket and lets the invite unfold. Smiling, she lets it fly off. She walks away.
Hooty says: "Here's a song I wrote!"
Hooty says: "Bored bored bored, bored bored bored."
Gus says: "Ah!"
Hooty says: "Here a hoot, there a hoot, somewhere else a hoot hoot, hooty-hoot hoot!"