Open on Boscha in her bedroom, which is filled with various trophies. She looks into her mirror with her hair down.
Boscha says: "You are talented."
Boscha says: "You are a star."
Boscha says: "Most important of all, you are a winner."
Boscha rips off a page of her calendar before walking out the door, revealing the whole month has been marked “Grudgby Season”. Cut to Boscha walking through Bonesborough dribbling a grudgby ball, passing several mesmerized onlookers.
Old Woman says: "There she goes, captain of the Banshees."
Old Woman says: "Off to win another championship for Hexside."
Mother says: "Why can’t you be more like her?"
Boscha approaches Hexside, with a banner reading “Go get ‘em, Banshees” magically unfurling over the school. Skara, Amelia, and Cat form up behind Boscha.
Boscha says: "Alright, girls."
Boscha says: "You know the drill."
Boscha says: "Captain goes first."
Boscha says: "Something’s not right."
Boscha says: "Nobody’s here!"
A streamer falls.
Boscha peers around a corner, spotting a crowd of students gathered around Willow, who is holding a potted plant.
Hexside Student says: "No way!"
Potions Student says: "Do me next."
Potions Student says: "Do me!"
Willow uses her magic, the plant sprouting a fruit looking like the potions student’s face. The student takes it.
Potions Student says: "Welcome to the world, little buddy."
Potions Student says: "You’re the coolest, Willow."
Willow says: "Aw, shucks!"
Oracle Student says: "Yeah, Willow rules!"
Boscha says: "Wow, she has to make friends out of plants."
Boscha says: "How sad."
Willow looks downcast.
Amity says: "Oh, please!"
Willow perks back up. Amity walks up to Boscha.
Amity says: "You know, I used to be like you, Boscha, obsessed with status, challenging my competition."
Amity says: "But I grew up."
Amity says: "When will you?"
Amity continues walking. Boscha and her friends stop. The crowd of students laughs.
Boscha says: "Oh, this is not gonna fly."
THEME.
Cut to outside of Hexisde. Eda and Luz fly in on Eda's staff.
Luz says: "My first Grudgby season!"
Luz says: "I’m so excited, I have more school spirit than the school spirits!"
Camera pans to a ghost holding pom poms.
Ghost says: "Why do I even bother?"
Eda says: "Ah, Grudgby season is the best."
Eda says: "You know, I used to play, back in my gory days."
Luz says: "You mean “glory days”?"
Eda says: "Well, that too."
Eda says: "I was unstoppable on the field."
Eda says: "I had the best moves and the best cheats."
Luz says: "Cheating isn’t anything to brag about."
Luz says: "How do you know you were any good if all you did was cheat your way to victory?"
Eda says: "Ugh."
Eda says: "What do humans know, with your goody-goody attitude?"
Eda says: "If “cheaters never prosper,” why was I the star player?"
Luz says: "Well, can’t reason with crazy."
Luz says: "Bye King, you little snoozers."
Luz kisses King's head and puts him on the staff as he wakes up. Luz waves and leaves. King scurries into Eda's hair.
King says: "Ugh."
King says: "Eda, when was the last time you cleaned up in here?"
Eda says: "All this talk of Grudgby has me feeling nostalgic."
Eda says: "Whaddya say you and me take a little trip down memory lane?"
King says: "Hard pass."
Eda says: "That’s the spirit."
Ghost says: "You mean me?"
Eda says: "Ugh."
Eda says: "Come on!"
Ghost says: "Oh."
Cut to a history classroom within Hexside.
Teacher says: "Over 50 years ago, Emperor Belos appointed a head witch to each coven."
Luz says: "“Good Witch Azura 2: The Field of Deadly Fates”."
Luz says: "A classic underdog tale."
Luz says: "Not food."
Teacher says: "The council headquarters was built and paid for by..."
Teacher says: "?"
Teacher says: "Anyone?"
Teacher says: "Willow?"
Willow says: "Uh, the Pixie Dust Taxes?"
Oracle Student says: "Whoo, yeah!"
Oracle Student says: "Go, Willow!"
Teacher says: "Impressive, Miss Park."
The students murmur in admiration.
Luz says: "What’s going on?"
Luz says: "It’s like all of Hexside’s caught Willow fever!"
Willow says: "Ever since I patched thing up with Amity, I’ve been feeling more confident."
Willow says: "I guess it shows."
The hair clip levitates off of Willow's head and into Boscha’s hand.
Boscha says: "Aw, Willow thinks she’s popular now."
Boscha says: "How cute."
Willow blushes in embarrassment as Luz and Gus look at her. Luz glares at Boscha.
Luz says: "Hey, I agree, my friend is very cute."
Luz says: "But give that back!"
Luz grabs for the hair clip. Boscha pulls her hand back.
Boscha says: "It’s weird that Amity hangs out with you now."
Boscha says: "Ever since Grom, she’s gone soft."
Boscha says: "But don’t worry."
Boscha says: "I’m still here to show you who’s boss."
Gus says: "Here Willow."
Gus puts the clip back in Willow's hair. She sits up straighter.
Boscha says: "Oh-ho-ho!"
Boscha says: "The friends wanna get in on this too, huh?"
Boscha levitates Willow’s bag into the air, spilling its contents onto Gus, Luz, and Willow.
Teacher says: "Is that laughter?"
Teacher says: "Hey, hey!"
Teacher says: "Learning’s not supposed to be fun!"
Luz says: "We are having zero fun, I swear."
Luz says: "Boscha’s picking on us."
Boscha says: "My apologies, sir."
Boscha says: "I was practicing my aim for Grudgby."
Teacher says: "Boscha, how could you throw things at them..."
Teacher says: "when you could throw things at me?"
Teacher says: "Am I over here?"
Teacher says: "Or am I over here?"
Teacher says: "Anything for the captain of the Banshees!"
Willow says: "Oh!"
Luz says: "Don’t worry, it’s not like she can follow us around all day, right?"
Cut to Hexside’s front steps. Gus, Luz, and Willow are covered in trash, their faces graffitied with insults.
Luz says: "She followed us around all day."
Luz says: "She literally followed us around all day!"
Willow says: "I’m really sorry I pulled you guys into this."
Willow says: "We should have just kept a low profile."
Willow says: "Boscha could get away with murder if she wanted to."
Luz says: "We will find a way out of this."
Amity passes by the stairs.
Luz says: "Amity!"
Luz cleans herself off. Amity turns around, blushing slightly, as Luz runs up to her.
Amity says: "Oh, Luz!"
Amity says: "You’re here!"
Amity says: "I mean, obviously you’re here, this is school, and you go here now, with, uh, me..."
Amity says: "I’ve been talking for too long."
Luz says: "Amity, we need your help."
Amity says: "Yes, I can help!"
Amity says: "With what, exactly?"
Luz says: "Boscha won’t stop picking on Willow, and no one will do anything about it because she’s the “Star Captain of the Grudgby Team."
Amity says: "Yeah, this time of year, she’s extra unbearable."
Luz says: "You’re friends with her, can you help us?"
Amity says: "Uh, the hard part is, there’s no reasoning with Boscha."
Amity says: "She only speaks in Grudgby terms."
Luz says: "Hmm."
Luz says: "Okay, okay."
Luz says: "I’m pickin' up what you’re puttin' down."
Amity says: "I’m..."
Amity says: "not putting anything down."
Trash falls on Willow from above as other students watch. Luz runs up to her.
Luz says: "Willow!"
Luz says: "What happened?"
Gus helps take the trash off of Willow.
Willow says: "Boscha happened."
Boscha says: "Hey Willow!"
Boscha says: "I just thought all trash should stay in one spot."
Luz says: "That’s it!"
Luz says: "Boscha!"
Luz says: "Willow challenges you to..."
Boscha raises an eyebrow.
Luz says: "..."
Luz says: "a Grudgby match!"
Boscha says: "She what?"
Willow says: "I what?"
The trash can falls onto Gus.
Gus says: "She what?"
Gus says: "Seriously, what’s going on here?"
Cut to the Owl House. Eda is in her old Grudgby jacket, showing a photo album to King.
Eda says: "And here’s when we took down Epiderm High in the semi-finals."
Eda says: "This is my cheat box."
Eda says: "I have all my best weapons in here."
Eda says: "Smoke bombs, sock-worms..."
Eda says: "Mwah."
Eda says: "You name it."
Eda says: "Oh, I never lost a game with this bad boy."
The door slams open. Hooty enters.
Hooty says: "Hoot-hoot!"
Hooty says: "Guess who found a special friend in the forest."
Hooty says: "It was me."
Hooty says: "Hoot!"
Hooty releases Lilith, who falls to the floor.
Eda says: "Lilith."
Lilith says: "Edalyn."
Hooty says: "Hooty!"
Eda says: "Ugh."
Eda says: "Scram, Hooty."
Hooty says: "Okay!"
Hooty's body retracts back into the front door, which then promptly slams shut.
Lilith says: "Why are you in your old uniform?"
Eda says: "No reason."
Eda says: "It’s laundry day."
Eda says: "What are you doing here?"
Eda shares a look with King. She uses her magic to roll up the scroll, which smacks Lilith in the face.
Lilith says: "Ah!"
Eda says: "You were saying?"
Lilith says: "Come on!"
Lilith says: "I have to bring you in."
Lilith says: "It’s time for you to join the coven."
Lilith says: "The Emperor has big plans for the Isles, and he wants you to be a part of it all."
Eda says: "Ooh, Aah."
Eda says: "What an incredible opportunity for me."
Lilith says: "What are you even looking at?"
Lilith says: "Grudgby pictures?"
Lilith says: "Feeling sentimental?"
Eda says: "Pah!"
Eda says: "Me?"
Eda says: "Never."
Eda says: "I was just telling King here how good I was."
Lilith says: "Oh, Edalyn."
Lilith says: "Not only is the curse affecting your hair, but your memory as well."
Lilith holds up the picture of young Eda, unfolding it to reveal a young Lilith with an even larger grudgby trophy, and several medals.
Eda says: "Ah, tell you what."
Eda says: "I’ll go with you peacefully to the Emperor..."
Lilith says: "Really?"
Eda says: "Sure."
Eda says: "If you beat me at a game of Grudgby."
Eda says: "Luz is always challenging people to things."
Eda says: "Why not me?"
Lilith looks at Eda for a second before grinning and approaching her.
Lilith says: "Hmm..."
Lilith says: "Game on."
Cut back to Hexside. Boscha turns away from the window.
Willow says: "Luz, what are you doing?"
Luz says: "I’m just following Amity’s advice."
Luz says: "Boscha only speaks in Grudgby terms."
Luz says: "Trust me, I have a plan."
Luz walks up to Boscha, who is spinning a Grudgby ball.
Boscha says: "Okay, maybe it’s the altitude of the second floor, but I thought I heard you say that Leaf Girl wanted to challenge me to a Grudgby match."
Luz says: "That’s right!"
Luz says: "We’ll settle this once and for all on the field."
Students flank both of them. Willow runs up between them.
Willow says: "Or we could just talk about our issues."
Boscha says: "Let’s do this."
Willow says: "Oh, no."
Boscha says: "Fine!"
Boscha says: "And when we win, Willow and your team will be our water gofers."
Luz says: "Ha!"
Luz says: "That’s not even a punishment."
Luz says: "I love water."
Boscha says: "And we get to use you as target practice."
Boscha throws the ball and kicks it, sending it straight through a tree trunk. The hole smokes.
Boscha says: "See you after school, losers."
The Banshees leave. The entire tree catches on fire.
Oracle Student says: "Whoo-hoo!"
Oracle Student says: "Willow verses Boscha!"
Gus, Luz, Willow, and Amity return to the front steps. Luz takes the trash can off of Gus.
Amity says: "Luz, this isn’t a good idea."
Willow says: "Yeah, I’ve never even played Grudgby before!"
Willow says: "How am I supposed to beat Boscha?"
Luz says: "But you’re the better witch."
Luz says: "We, too, are a ragtag team of lovable misfits joined together to defeat a powerful enemy."
Luz says: "With a little team spirit and a training montage, we can win."
Willow says: "Well, if you think this’ll work, then I’m in."
Willow says: "How about you, Gus?"
Luz says: "What about you, Amity?"
Amity says: "Me?"
Amity says: "On a team with you?"
Amity says: "Running around in cute uniforms?"
Amity says: "Sweating?"
Amity says: "I gotta go!"
Luz says: "Huh?"
Luz says: "Well, I guess she’s out."
Luz says: "In any case,  let’s get training!"
Cut to Luz, Willow, and Gus at the Hexside Grudgby field.
Luz says: "So, how exactly do we play Grudgby?"
Gus says: "Well,  there’s a ball, and you score by getting the ball through the other team’s goal."
The little player on his field throws a ball through a goal post. They jump in triumph, fireworks going off behind them, a sign reading "WINNER" rising from the ground. It disappears in a puff of blue smoke.
Luz says: "That sounds easy."
Willow says: "It is, except..."
Willow summons a leaf and blows it onto the field. The leaf is quickly ripped to shreds by fire, vines, ice shards, and rock spikes that emerge from the field.
Luz says: "Oh, right."
Luz says: "Boiling Isles."
Luz says: "Should have predicted this."
Luz sets her phone to play motivational sports music. She puts a sweatband on.
Luz says: "Alright!"
Luz says: "Every great sports story includes a training montage."
Gus says: "What’s a “mon-tage”?"
[Montage of Luz explaining to Willow says: "Luz lectures in front of a chalkboard with the word "MONTAGE" written on it."
Gus what a montage is says: "Luz lectures in front of a chalkboard with the word "MONTAGE" written on it."
[Montage of Luz explaining to Willow says: "Gus takes notes; Luz leans against a TV playing a football movie; the three of them having a tea party in animal onesies."
Gus what a montage is says: "Gus takes notes; Luz leans against a TV playing a football movie; the three of them having a tea party in animal onesies."
[Montage of Luz explaining to Willow says: "Cut back to the Grudgby field."
Gus what a montage is says: "Cut back to the Grudgby field."
Gus says: "Oh, I get it now."
Gus says: "Wait, were we just having a tea party in animal jammies?"
Luz says: "What happens in the montage stays in the montage!"
Luz says: "Now let’s hit the field."
Luz blows a whistle, throwing a Grudgby ball at Gus and Willow. It hits the ground. Willow prepares to kick it, but a giant tentacle burst from the ground, throwing the ball. Willow catches it.
They both run away seconds before the tentacle would have hit them. A giant hand bursts from the ground in front of them. They try to reverse direction. Willow runs off but Gus is caught. Flaming Grudgby balls follow Willow.
Oracle Student says: "Woo!"
Oracle Student says: "Go Willow!"
Willow runs the opposite direction. A trampoline emerges from the ground and launches her backwards.
Oracle Student says: "You’ll get ‘em next time!"
Willow lands next to Luz, who hasn't moved at all.
Willow says: "I need a cup of water."
Gus walks up to them and falls on the ground.
Luz says: "Now for our big finale!"
Luz says: "Let’s try..."
Willow and Gus are launched into the air by a column of thorns. Willow summons a large plant to break their fall. Gus rolls right off of it.
Willow says: "Gus!"
Willow says: "Talk to me Gus!"
Luz runs up to them.
Gus says: "I, I think something’s broken."
Willow looks down to see her hair clip, now snapped in half.
Willow says: "Come on, Gus."
Willow says: "I have some floral tape in the greenhouse."
Willow says: "We’ll fix them."
Gus says: "Okay."
Willow and Gus stand and begin walking away.
Luz says: "Guys, let’s try the Thorn Vault one more time."
Willow says: "Not now, Luz."
Willow says: "We’re tired."
Luz says: "Willow, wait!"
Luz looks down at the broken hair clip. She picks it up, watching Willow walk off the field.
Cut to outside the Owl House, with a makeshift Grudgby field set up in front of it. Eda and Lilith approach each other from opposite sides. Hooty stretches out to be between them, now wearing a ref's hat and whistle.
Hooty says: "You gals ready to hoot?"
Hooty says: "We want a clean game here, so no magic allowed."
King says: "Yes!"
King says: "Now I’ll strike fear into my enemies with this armor of intimidation."
Hooty blows the whistle.
Cut back to the Hexside Grudgby field, Luz sitting on the bleachers. She repairs Willow’s hair clip with a band-aid. Amity walks up to her.
Amity says: "Tough practice?"
Luz says: "I pushed Willow and Gus too hard."
Luz says: "It’s just, I hate seeing Willow get picked on."
Luz says: "She’s one of the best friends I’ve ever had."
Luz says: "Winning this game is the only way I know how to help."
Amity says: "Did you know, before Boscha, I was the Grudgby team captain?"
Luz says: "Really?"
Amity says: "Well, once I left the team, I decided that was a part of my life I wanted to forget."
Fade to a flashback of Amity as captain of the Banshees.
Amity says: "We were playing Glandus High for the Island Championship."
Amity says: "We had a move planned, and it was a good one."
Amity says: "But, at the last minute, I decided I wanted to do something a bit flashier."
Amity says: "I changed our game plan to..."
Amity says: "the Thorn Vault."
Luz says: "Good Witch Azura 2: Field of Deadly Fates!"
Luz says: "You watched it too?"
Amity says: "Uh, yeah."
In the flashback, Amity successfully does the Thorn Vault, launching herself to a goal post and tossing the ball in. The score changes for a Banshee win with no time to spare. Amity cheers, then realizes she hurt her teammates.
Amity says: "It went disastrously wrong."
Amity says: "My teammates got hurt."
Amity says: "All because I had an idea of how things should be."
Amity says: "I pushed them too far."
Fade back to Amity in the present.
Amity says: "I never played again after that day."
Amity turns to Luz, their faces incredibly close. Amity stumbles back and falls, blushing heavily.
Luz says: "Ah!"
Luz says: "Sorry."
Luz says: "I just really love backstories."
The Banshees enter, walking onto the field.
Amity looks at her hand, revealing Willow’s hair clip. Amity looks out on the field as Luz approaches Boscha.
Boscha says: "It’s after school."
Boscha says: "Where’s the leader of your loser brigade?"
Luz says: "I’m here on her behalf."
Luz says: "We forfeit."
Amelia, Cat, and Skara are surprised.
Luz says: "And I’m here to tell you that I’ll take Willow’s place as your water gofer, target practice, whatever you need."
Boscha says: "Wow, you’re really a good friend."
Boscha says: "And a perfect target."
Boscha says: "Think fast!"
Luz ducks. The ball hits the base of a tree, which falls over. Boscha summons more flaming Grudgby balls while the Banshees watch in horror. Luz runs as the balls are sent at her. Amity runs off.
Cut to the school greenhouse. Willow tapes up Gus’ flags, which are hooked up to a saline bag and a heart monitor.
Willow says: "There, that ought to do it."
Gus says: "These are flags of surrender now."
Amity says: "Luz needs our help!"
Willow and Gus share a look.
Amity says: "I know she pushed you guys, and she always gets in over her head."
Amity says: "She can be so stupid, which I love-- I mean hate!"
Amity says: "In any case, she needs you right now, which is sweet-- I mean, I hate it, and it’s dumb!"
Willow and Gus stare at Amity, Willow looking greatly suspicious.
Gus says: "You lost me."
Amity says: "Just, here."
Amity gives Willow her hair clip. Willow smiles.
Gus says: "Can we resist the call to action?"
Gus says: "No!"
Gus says: "May the flags be raised once more."
Gus runs out, Willow and Amity right behind him.
Cut back to Eda & Lilith’s grudgby match. Eda tries scoring a goal, but Hooty blocks the ball.
Hooty says: "Hoot!"
Eda says: "Hooty!"
Eda says: "Whose side are you on?"
Hooty says: "I’m an unbiased participant, hoot-hoot."
Lilith grabs the ball, successfully avoids Eda and Hooty and scores a goal. King marks the score, now tied 5-5.
King says: "Point goes to Lilith."
King says: "We’re at a tie here, folks."
Eda and Lilith both pant in exhaustion.
Hooty says: "Time for one more play."
Eda says: "Just one little trick and the game will be mine."
Eda opens her cheat box, only to find it empty, save for a note reading, “I noticed your lunchbox was getting dirty so I cleaned it! LOVE, LUZ”, with a drawing of a heart and Luz throwing a peace sign.
Eda says: "Dang it, Luz!"
Eda says: "Your nonsense has gotten into my head."
Eda says: "Well, time to do this the old-fashioned way."
Lilith says: "Taking your time."
Lilith says: "Nervous?"
Eda says: "Not today, sister."
Hooty blows the whistle, beginning play again. Eda and Lilith both jump for the ball. Eda grabs it and makes for the goal. Hooty emerges from the ground.
Hooty says: "It’s me again!"
Eda steps on his face.
Hooty says: "Ow!"
Lilith leans on his face.
Hooty says: "Oh geez, hey!"
Lilith says: "No!"
Eda says: "Yeah!"
Eda scores the goal.
King says: "Ha ha!"
King says: "Game over!"
King says: "Team Owl House rules supreme!"
Eda says: "Yes!"
Eda says: "Still got it!"
Eda says: "Still got the skills to pay the bills!"
Lilith says: "No!"
Lilith says: "No!"
Lilith says: "I can’t go back to the Emperor empty-handed."
Eda takes her ring off. She holds it out to Lilit.
Eda says: "Here."
Eda says: "Tell them I put up a heck of a struggle."
Lilith says: "I will be back for you."
Lilith says: "And next time, I won’t be alone."
Eda says: "I’ll be waiting."
Lilith looks over her shoulder at Eda, then walks into the distance.
Hooty says: "I’ll be waiting too!"
Hooty says: "Hoot-hooty-hoot!"
Cut back to the Hexside grudgby field. Luz is running from Boscha’s Grudgby balls. She stops when a wall of spikes rises before her.
Boscha says: "Having fun yet?"
Boscha says: "‘Cause I’m just getting warmed up."
Boscha throws a flaming grudgby ball at Luz, which is sent back by a tree suddenly emerging from the field in front of Luz.
Boscha says: "Huh?"
Willow says: "Boscha."
Willow says: "Your issue is with me, not Luz."
Willow says: "Leave her be."
Luz says: "Willow!"
Luz says: "Willow, I’m sorry I got you into this mess."
Luz says: "You’re right, I got my head too stuck in the movie biz."
Willow says: "It’s okay."
Willow says: "I know you were just trying help in your Luz way."
Willow says: "But now let’s finish this..."
Willow says: "my way."
Willow says: "The game is back on."
Boscha says: "You need three players on your team."
Boscha says: "Where’s your third?"
Willow and Luz look to Gus in the bleachers, looking sadly at his flags.
Amity says: "Right here."
Boscha says: "You just destroyed your social life."
Amity says: "I think I made it better."
Boscha says: "Ugh!"
Boscha says: "Game on!"
Boscha stalks off. Amity, Luz, and Willow smile at each other. Cut to Boscha, Cat, and Amelia facing off against them, all six in Grudgby gear.
Gus says: "Go Willow!"
Willow says: "There’s something on your shoe."
Boscha says: "Like I’d fall for that."
The ball is launched into the air. Boscha lunges for it but is stopped.
Bosha says: "Huh?"
There are vines wrapped around her shoe. She falls over.
Boscha says: "Oh!"
Willow catches the ball and conjures a plant that eats her. The plant pops up next to a goal post, spitting Willow back out. Willow makes the first goal.
The game progresses. Amity uses a giant abomination arm to hold back an axe for Luz, who scores another goal. Gus creates illusion duplicates of himself to cheer Luz, Amity, and Willow on. Amelia scores a goal for the Banshees.
Luz says: "Nice work."
Amelia says: "Thanks."
The two high-five.
Boscha says: "Hmm."
Amelia glares at Luz. Luz is confused.
The game progresses further, score now 6-5 Banshees. Boscha throws a flaming grudgby ball at Luz, who blocks with an ice glyph. Luz catches the ball, seeing a fire glyph burned onto it.
Luz says: "Whoa."
Luz puts a piece of paper onto the ball, burning the glyph onto the paper. She taps it, activating a fire spell.
Luz says: "Amity!"
The Banshees gasp and run away from the flaming ball. Amity knocks it into the goal with a giant abomination fist.
Amity says: "Yeah!"
The score is now tied 9-9 with thirty seconds left. Both teams huddle up, Banshees just standing, Underdogs with their arms around each other.
Amity says: "There’s time for one more play."
Willow says: "And this play could determine whether us underdogs win or lose."
Luz says: "Here’s what I have to offer."
Willow says: "I think we should try..."
Willow says: "this one."
Luz says: "The Thorn Vault?"
Luz says: "Are you sure?"
Willow says: "I’m ready this time."
Gus and his illusions cheer on as play resumes. The two teams face off at centerfield once again. The ball is launched into the air, and Luz catches it.
Luz says: "Ha!"
Amity says: "Watch out!"
Amity pushes Luz out of the way of Boscha, getting tackled as a result.
Luz says: "Amity!"
Amity says: "Luz!"
Luz runs from Cat and Amelia. She takes out a plant glyph and puts it on the ground, then holds out the ball for Willow. Willow runs and jumps, taking the ball and landing on the plant glyph. She runs across the Thorn Vault as it grows, then jumps off the end, throwing the ball through the goal. She hangs off the goalpost until the timer goes off, then summons a bush to break her fall.
Luz says: "Whoo!"
Luz says: "You did it, Willow!"
Luz says: "We did it!"
Luz says: "We Won!"
Luz and Willow look to the score board, reading 9-10. Then the Banshees’ score changes to 999.
Luz says: "Wait, what?"
Boscha holds up a golden insect.
Willow says: "Oh, thorns."
Luz says: "Wh- What happened?"
Willow says: "She caught the Rusty Smidge."
Luz says: "The what?"
Boscha says: "Yeah, while you were celebrating your “victory,” I caught this guy."
Boscha says: "It means we automatically win."
Boscha says: "All magic sports are like this."
Luz says: "That just invalidates all our efforts!"
Luz says: "If catching that thing is so important, why do anything else?"
Luz says: "There’s no reason to watch any of the other players!"
Luz says: "That’s such a stupid rule!"
Boscha says: "Well, we beat them and proved our social dominance."
Boscha says: "All is right in the hierarchy."
Skara, Cat, and Amelia run up to Willow and Luz.
Boscha says: "Hey!"
Skara says: "Good game, Willow!"
Amelia says: "I had so much fun playing you guys."
Willow says: "Oh, really?"
Cat says: "Willow, you’re really good."
Cat says: "Would you want to be on our team?"
Willow looks at Boscha, who seems terrified.
Willow says: "Mm, thanks for the offer, but I think I’m done with Grudgby for a while."
Willow says: "Hey, where’s..."
Amity groans, trying to stand up.
Luz says: "Amity!"
Willow says: "Amity!"
Amity says: "I think-- I think I hurt my leg."
Amity says: "But, I’ll be okay."
Luz says: "Are you sure?"
Luz says: "I could help carry you if it really hurts."
Amity says: "I’m fine!"
Amity says: "Who’s Amity?"
Luz says: "Aaaaand, scoop!"
Amity says: "Oh, wow."
Amity says: "Sports."
Gus says: "Can we have another montage?"
Luz says: "Yeah!"
Luz says: "Montage, activate!"
[Montage says: "Gus, Luz, and Willow all scoring goals, then lounging in huge flowers with spring-like stems; Gus uses his illusion magic to change Willow’s team’s score of 10 to 1000; the three run up to the Owl House, all stepping on Hooty's face; King dancing in his cheerleading outfit while Luz records it on her phone."
King says: "You’re- You’re not gonna show this to anyone, right?"
Eda says: "Of course not."
Eda says: "Keep cheering."
The montage ends with the front door opening, letting in Amity, whose foot is now in a cast. She waves at Luz, Willow, Gus, and King. Hooty carries Amity over to the couch. Luz offers her a cup of tea, which she takes, blushing. Eda enters, holding her own cup of tea. Everyone is smiling and at peace, in a place they belong.