Open on the Owl House. Wind howls as it moves Luz's open and creaking window.
[Flashback to events of the previous episode says: "Owlbert hopping through the portal door in Eda's tent with a sack in his beak, Luz running through behind him."
Luz says: "Stop adorably hopping away, you..."
Luz says: "Huh?"
Cut to the living room, the first time Luz entered.
Eda says: "Welcome to..."
Eda says: "..."
Eda says: "the Owl House."
Cut to Luz's first staff ride, whimsical music playing over the scene. Cut to present.
Luz says: "It wasn't a dream!"
Luz says: "Good morning, terrifying fantasy world."
Luz says: "Ughhh."
King says: "I am not your cutie‐pie!"
Luz says: "Yes, you are."
King says: "I know."
Cut to Luz opening the bathroom door. Several owls fly out of it, hooting. She watches them fly away before entering, walking backwards.
Hooty says: "Hi, Luz!"
Hooty says: "Ow!"
Hooty says: "I'm just wishing you a good morning."
Hooty says: "Jeez!"
Hooty says: "Hoot!"
Hooty says: "Ow!"
Luz says: "Sorry, Hooty."
Cut to Luz writing "Witch Apprentice Luz" on a name tag and sticking it to her chest. She is now wearing a robe and what looks to be a witch's hat as she stands at the bottom of a staircase.
Toilet flushing. Eda's shadow appears on the wall before she steps into frame.
Eda says: "Hmm?"
Luz says: "Good morning, Eda the Owl Lady."
Luz says: "I am ready for my first day of Witch Apprenticeship."
Eda says: "Ugh!"
Eda says: "Who are you, again?"
Luz says: "Huh?"
THEME SONG.
Luz says: "We freed the oppressed and defeated the evil warden together?"
Luz says: "Yesterday?"
Eda says: "Kid, lay off the details."
Eda says: "I haven't even had my cup of apple blood yet."
Luz says: "You mean apple juice?"
Eda says: "No."
Eda sits on the kitchen table and drinks from her mug. King is sitting in a high chair and stabbing a fork into a yellow blob with eyes sitting on a plate.
Luz says: "Teach me some spells."
Luz says: "When do I get a magic staff?"
Luz says: "Was I supposed to bring my own runes?"
Luz says: "Do you have a dangerous magical quest for me?"
Eda says: "Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, slow down, kid."
Eda says: "Being a witch doesn't happen overnight."
Eda says: "Also, you're wrapped in a bathrobe and wearing the dirtiest traffic cone I've ever seen."
Luz pulls her hat off and blows on it, revealing that it was, in fact, a traffic cone with a severe layer of dust on it.
Eda says: "But a magic staff, huh?"
Eda says: "You really want one?"
Luz says: "More than anything."
Eda says: "Magic staff, come to me!"
She holds out her hand. For a second, nothing happens. Then several things crash distantly. King, Luz, and Eda all slowly turn to the sound, until Eda's staff appears and smacks her in the face, clattering to the ground.
Eda says: "I run a few businesses."
Eda says: "On weekends, I offer rare human treasures that Owlbert drags over from your side of the realm."
She grabs a toy sword and hits a button near the pommel.
Sword says: "I shall smite my enemies!"
Sword says: "Ages six to eleven."
Eda says: "But most days I sell only the finest homemade elixirs and potions."
Luz says: ""Snake oil."
Eda says: "No one wants an un‐oiled snake."
Eda says: "Follow me."
Cut to Eda and Luz walking onto a balcony.
Eda says: "Today you'll deliver packages and sell potions to that town over there, Bonesborough."
Eda says: "You'll have to be careful."
Eda says: "I have rivals everywhere who'd love to take my business down and you along with it."
Eda says: "You wanted a dangerous magical quest?"
Eda says: "Sister, you've got one."
Luz says: "I won't let you down, Miss Eda."
Luz turns to salute Eda, dropping the sack of potions off the balcony in the process. The two of them watch it fall, Luz wincing when it crashes loudly on the ground.
Eda says: "I'm sure."
Eda says: "Remember, never befriend a man in sandals and always measure twice, cut once."
Luz says: "Uh..."
Eda says: "Good luck!"
Eda says: "I hate to interrupt your power nap, but you have to go with her."
King says: "What?"
King says: "But I just found the perfect spot."
King says: "Why do I have to go?"
Eda says: "You and I know she's either going to get lost or eaten, probably both."
Luz says: "No, I won't."
Eda says: "And because you work for me, too, unless you want to start paying rent."
Eda says: "Be back by nightfall or risk mortal peril."
Hooty says: "Have a nice trip."
King says: "Huh!"
King says: "Let's get this over with."
Fade to Bonesborough. Luz and King walk through an archway.
Luz says: "Woah!"
Zoom out to reveal a wall covered in wanted posters on either side of the archway. Various types of demons pass, all of which Luz stare at in amazement.
King says: "Hey, it's rude to stare."
Luz says: "I've only seen places like this in my dreams."
Luz says: "It's incredible."
Luz says: "And I'm the only human here?"
King says: "Haven't seen any others."
Luz says: "Wow!"
Luz says: "There must be a reason for that, right?"
Luz says: "Why am I here?"
Luz says: "What if I, Luz Noceda, average teen, actually had..."
Luz says: "Just like Azura!"
King says: "Yeah."
King says: "Did Azura's path to greatness involve her delivering boil cream?"
Luz says: "Today I'm delivering packages, but tomorrow I'll be earning the respect of everyone on the Boiling Isles with my magical prowess."
King says: "Ha!"
King says: "Good luck."
King says: "The Boiling Isles is nothing but a cesspool of despair."
Luz says: "More like a cesspool of delight."
Luz puts the boil cream back in the sack before hefting it over her shoulder and looking around. She starts in the direction of the market, where she walks up to a centaur holding a pumpkin in front of his chest.
Luz says: "What has four hooves and wants to buy a potion?"
Luz says: "This guy."
Centaur says: "My eyes are down here."
Cut to a house, where Luz rings the doorbell. She leaves her hand on the button, and the doorbell bites her hand and slowly starts to eat her arm. King walks away in annoyance.
Cut to a curb, where Luz and King are sitting, the latter scarfing down a Not Dog from the cart behind them.
King says: "I know I've had enough delight for one day."
Luz says: "I thought being the only human in a magical world would make me special."
Luz says: "But apparently, it just makes everyone want to scream at me or..."
Luz says: "At this point, Azura had already been sent on an enchanted quest."
Luz says: "Where's my quest‐granting wizard?"
King says: "Sorry to break it to you, Luz, but no one here is that well‐dressed."
Luz says: "This has been a rough day."
Luz says: "Pretty!"
Cut to reveal a large castle with golden banners illuminated by sunlight. The doorbell is also made of gold, and towering wooden doors open after Luz presses it.
King says: "Big houses always belong to big whackjobs."
King says: "Let's kick the package inside and get outta here."
Luz says: "Hello?"
King says: "Hey, wait."
King says: "Weh!"
Luz says: "I‐I'm delivering a package from Miss Eda, the Owl Lady."
Luz says: "Huh?"
Lanterns around the room flare on, revealing it to be a massive library. They illuminate a grand staircase, above which is a painting of a wizard. Said wizard enters from a door in the same pose he has in the painting.
Luz says: "Today just got good."
Ad break. Camera pans up the wizard.
Luz says: "Magical wizard!"
King says: "Weird old man in jim‐jams."
Adegast says: "I was in my oscillarium, reading the stars."
Adegast says: "And who might you be, with eyes full of curiosity?"
Adegast says: "Young lady, dareth I say, I sense something unique about you."
Adegast says: "Please, won't you join me for tea?"
Adegast summons two chairs and a table of snacks. He sits down in the white throne.
Luz says: "Okay."
King says: "Wizards are just old people with glitter in their pockets."
Adegast takes a handful of glitter out of his pocket and drops it on the floor.
King says: "I don't trust him."
Luz says: "But the stars on his robe are sparkling."
Luz says: "And look, there's a baby fox in his beard."
The baby fox giggles.
Luz says: "Plus, I see scones on the table."
King says: "Where?"
King pants as he runs to the table. Luz follows him, dropping the bag of potions in front of the chair as she sits in it.
Luz says: "We'd love to join you for tea."
King munching.
Luz says: "Do you sell potions, Sir Wizard?"
Adegast says: "Please, call me Adegast."
Adegast says: "Ma'am, yes, I run a small business."
King says: "Yes!"
Adegast says: "I'm surprised to see you here."
Adegast says: "It was my understanding that Eda delivered the packages herself."
Luz says: "Well, I'm kinda, sorta, her apprentice."
Adegast says: "Oh!"
Adegast says: "And how are you finding the experience so far?"
Luz says: "Can I be honest, Mr."
Luz says: "Adegast?"
Luz says: "When I decided to stay in this magical world, I thought I was meant for something special."
Luz says: "But Eda thinks I'm meant for chores and I'm afraid I came to the wrong place."
Luz says: "A quest?"
Adegast says: "You didn't let me finish."
Adegast says: "I have a question."
Luz says: "Oh."
Adegast says: "Would you like to go on a quest?"
Luz says: "Yes!"
Adegast says: "The prophecy speaks of a young human girl who will claim the Celestial Staff and free this world from an ancient evil."
Adegast says: "Perhaps thou hath cometh here for a reason."
Luz says: "Perhaps I hath."
Adegast says: "Should you believe yourself worthy to attempt this quest..."
Luz says: "So worthy."
Adegast says: "..."
Adegast says: "you need to know the road is dark and perilous."
Luz says: "Love peril."
Luz says: "Big fan of peril."
Adegast says: "And only the Chosen One can pull the staff from its post."
Luz says: "Chosen one."
King says: "Neat story, awesome."
King says: "Anyway, your food is gone and we are, too."
Luz says: "Yes, we have to go."
Luz says: "And pack for this enchanted quest!"
Luz says: "I'm in."
Adegast says: "Wonderful."
Cut to Luz's bedroom, where she's sheathing the toy sword from earlier. Around her are various potions, food, the quest scroll, and of course her Azura book.
Luz says: "So, King, what kind of Chosen One should I be?"
King says: "Huh?"
King says: "What?"
Luz says: ""I act like I don't care, but I secretly do."
Eda says: "Oh, you guys talking about bad girls?"
Eda says: "Wait, what's going on?"
King says: "Eda, tell Luz how dumb wizards are."
Eda says: "Why?"
King says: "Your wizard client told Luz..."
Eda says: "Wait, wait, Luz?"
King says: "He even gave her a map."
Eda and King laugh as Luz hides behind her book, an embarrassed blush on her face.
Eda says: "Let me see this map."
Luz hands her the map. She inspects it for a few seconds.
Eda says: "You didn't think this was real, did you?"
Luz says: "What?"
Eda says: "This map is bunk."
Eda says: "There's no lake with a Celestial Staff on the Boiling Isles."
Eda says: "I would have stolen it ages ago."
Eda says: "Ah, don't worry."
Eda says: "Couple more months here and you won't look like such a mark."
Luz says: "Can I have some time alone?"
Eda shrugs and leaves the room. King hops off of Luz's sleeping bag and follows Eda. The door closes, casting the room in shadow.
Luz says: "Maybe they were right."
Luz says: "Huh?"
[Sunlight is illuminating one corner of the map says: ""The chosen one The path will only appear to the worthy"."
revealing the word "one" in shining blue lettering. Luz holds the entire map up to the light revealing the message says: ""The chosen one The path will only appear to the worthy"."
Luz says: ""The path will only appear to the worthy."
Luz says: ""  That's why Eda couldn't see it."
Luz says: "But am..."
Luz says: "I really worthy?"
Wind howls and opens the window. The map flies out of her grasp, landing next to her book. The wind flips the pages to show Azura standing loved and triumphant on a small hill, the people around her applauding as she holds a staff to the sun.
Luz says: "I'll never know unless I try."
Cut to the living room, where King is laying down on the couch.
King says: "Finally!"
King says: "All that mean‐spirited laughter made me sleepy."
Eda says: "Crony, wake up."
Eda says: "You said that wizard was one of my clients?"
King says: "Yes."
King says: "Now go away."
Eda says: "I don't know him that well."
Eda says: "And I don't trust this itch he's scratching in the human."
King says: "Less talky, more nappy."
Cut to the door of Luz's room, which Eda pushes open.
Eda says: "Hey, Luz?"
Eda says: "Aw, nuts."
Her room is empty, the howling wind pushing open the window. Eda runs to the window.
Eda says: "Hooty, where'd she go?"
Hooty says: "Hoot, hoot."
Eda punches the wall hard enough to shake the whole house and leave cracks in the wall.
Hooty says: "Ow!"
Hooty says: "Okay, okay."
Hooty says: "She went into the forest towards Bonesborough."
Hooty says: "Sheesh!"
Eda says: "Ugh!"
Cut to a sign proclaiming the city limits of Bonesborough, next to which is Luz.
Luz says: "My first mythical quest."
Luz says: "Ha!"
She jumps and slides down an incline, then gets over a fallen log. A thick fog rolls in as she keeps walking.
Luz says: "Okay."
Luz says: "Got my scroll, got my youthful optimism, got my trusty weapon."
Sword says: "By the power of Skullgar, I am out of battery."
The lights on the sword dim as Luz lowers it. She continues onward, ducking a branch and cutting a rope with the sword.
Luz says: "You know, I wonder if I made the right choice by coming here."
Luz says: "Wow!"
Camera reveals a village full of cats wearing clothes and walking on two legs. Luz walks through the village, beaming as she looks around. She approaches a fountain in the middle of a square, from which a witch with a sword strapped to his waist emerges, flipping wet hair out of his face.
Nevareth says: "I see."
Nevareth says: "So you're the Chosen One."
Nevareth says: "The Celestial Staff should've picked me, Nevareth Bladestrife, Teen Prince of Angstmore."
Luz says: "Yes."
Luz says: "Yes, I did make the right choice."
Cut to an alley.
King says: "This is where we met the scones."
King says: "I mean, the wizard."
King says: "Whoa!"
Eda pushes aside a patched curtain.
King says: "It wasn't like this before."
The castle is now in complete ruin, with crumbling walls, no spire, and faded banners. One of the front doors is laying on the ground, and as they look, a chunk of wall falls from a pillar.
Eda says: "I don't like this."
[A door creaks open says: ""The chosen one"."
revealing the library. Tattered scrolls now litter the floor says: ""The chosen one"."
shelves are broken says: ""The chosen one"."
paintings are ripped says: ""The chosen one"."
chunks of debris are blocking the stairs. Eda steps forward says: ""The chosen one"."
onto a bundle of scrolls. She picks them all up says: ""The chosen one"."
each illuminated with the glowing message of says: ""The chosen one"."
Eda says: "I really don't like this."
Cut to the middle of the woods, where Luz is walking with Nevareth and a flying onion with bat wings.
Luz says: "Nevareth, your vengeful backstory is so compelling."
Luz says: "And I'm lovin' your animal sidekick."
Nevareth says: "After my village was consumed, my heart has known nothing but vengeance."
They stop walking.
Luz says: "Nevareth!"
Nevareth says: "Lady Luz, do you think love can bloom on the battlefield?"
Luz says: "This quest is questing in all the right ways."
The three of them walk onto a bridge, yelping when a creature jumps in front of them.
Nevareth says: "Ew."
Chris says: "Hum‐di‐diddle, to pass the bridge, you must first solve my riddle."
Luz says: "Hit me, little furry man."
Chris says: "Your quest shall stop if you fail this game."
Chris says: "So tell me, my dear, what is my name?"
Luz says: "Hmm."
Luz says: "Uh..."
Luz says: "Chris?"
Chris says: "That's it."
Chris says: "You may cross the bridge."
Chris says: "And please take this, Chosen One."
Chris says: "It shall help you on your journey."
Luz says: "Wow."
Luz says: "This is amazing."
Luz says: "Thank you."
Nevareth says: "Do you need a cape?"
Nevareth says: "You can use my shirt."
Nevareth rips his shirt off and ties it like a cape over Luz's shoulders.
Luz says: "Yes."
Luz says: "I need a cape."
Nevareth says: "Three cheers for the Chosen One."
Nevareth says: "Hip, hip..."
Everyone says: "Hurray!"
Nevareth says: "Hip, hip..."
Everyone says: "Hurray!"
Nevareth says: "Hip, hip..."
Cut to Eda.
Eda says: "Oh, no."
Her and King are standing in the cat village, which is now destroyed. Dark clouds hang in the sky and fog clouds hang in front of the houses.
Eda says: "Are you sure she came here?"
King says: "Can't mistake her smell."
King says: "Like lemons and young, naïve confidence."
Eda says: "Hmm."
Eda walks up to the fountain, which is now broken and covered in dying vines. A cat wrapped in vines is laying in the lower basin. Eda kneels in front of the fountain.
Eda says: "Hey!"
Eda says: "Wake up, you."
Eda says: "What's your endgame?"
Cat says: "To find your pupil and still your wrath, look ahead and follow the path."
King says: "The cat man melted!"
Eda says: "It's a trap."
Eda says: "They want me to follow Luz."
King says: "So, what do we do?"
Eda says: "Hmm."
Cut to the woods, where, along with Nevareth and Chris, Luz is walking with a fairy much less hostile than the one she met the day before.
Luz says: "Thank you for inviting me to your feast, Princess."
Luz says: "All your food was so tiny and cute."
Princess says: "For you, Chosen One."
Luz says: "I hope this quest never ends."
Chris says: "Your quest will soon come to an end, for the staff you seek is around the bend."
Luz says: "Thanks for ruining the mood, Chris."
Nevareth says: "Go on, Chosen One."
Nevareth says: "The Celestial Staff is yours."
Nevareth says: "You've earned it."
Luz perks back up and continues down the path.
Nevareth says: "Farewell, Lady Luz."
Princess says: "Farewell."
Princess says: "We love you, Chosen One."
Birds twitter as they fly overhead, casting long shadows below them. Luz looks away from them to focus on the path, before slowing to a stop.
The Celestial Staff stands on a platform in the middle of a lake, illuminated by a ray of light. As Luz approaches the edge of the lake, a glowing comes from the water, followed a few seconds later by a stone walkway rumbling into place, connecting the edge of the lake and the central platform.
Luz says: "I knew this world wasn't all gloom and doom like Eda and King said."
Luz says: "There is wonder here."
Luz says: "And I..."
Luz says: "I think I came here for a reason."
She pauses as she reaches the platform, staring at the staff in awe.
Luz says: "Okay, this is it."
Luz says: "Moment of truth."
She hesitantly grabs the staff. Blue swirls of magic come out of it, creating waves in the lake as the top of the staff glows brightly. She pulls it out of the ground and holds it above her head triumphantly.
Luz says: "Yes!"
Luz says: "I am the Chosen One!"
Luz says: "I knew it!"
Luz says: "I always suspected there was a reason nobody understood my wacky antics back at home."
The staff disintegrates, the dust blowing away in the wind.
Luz says: "No!"
Luz says: "What?"
Cut to Eda and King flying through the woods on Eda's staff.
Eda says: "I know this guy."
Eda says: "He's no wizard."
Eda says: "He's what you'd call a puppeteer, a demon who specializes in scamming and manipulating people."
Eda says: "He's trying to use Luz to get to me."
King says: "Yeah, and we're flying directly into his trap."
King says: "Hurray."
Eda says: "Well, if you can think of a better plan, I'd love to hear it."
Eda says: "Hey, faster, you."
Cut to the Celestial Lake, now surrounded in fog. Luz backs up, holding her sword in front of her.
Adegast says: "Luz, the human."
Luz says: "Magical wizard?"
Adegast says: "Your hubris has failed you, Witch Apprentice."
Adegast lifts the wizard puppet to reveal an ocotopus-like demon. The ground begins to crack.
Luz says: "Huh?"
Her previous travelling companions and cats from the village arise from the stone, a tentacle in each of their backs. They're lifted in the air and surround Luz, who slowly spins around.
Luz says: "Okay, Luz."
Luz says: "Don't panic."
Luz says: "This is classic Chosen One biz."
Luz says: "You just have to rescue everybody and defeat the final boss."
Adegast says: "I am everybody!"
Adegast says: "You fool, don't you see?"
Adegast says: "I'm no wizard."
Adegast says: "And you're no Chosen One."
Adegast says: "I've tricked you."
Luz says: "What?"
As she's distracted by the reveal, her cape floats up around her. It turns to chains, forcing her to her knees. The bracelets become hand cuffs and the ring becomes chains that lock her hands together, secured with a padlock.
Luz says: "No!"
Luz says: "Betrayed by my own cool accessories."
Luz says: "Why are you doing this?"
Adegast says: "Your mentor has been stealing customers from my potions business for years."
Adegast says: "She must be destroyed."
Luz says: "Does everybody have a beef with Eda here?"
Adegast says: "And you lured her right into my trap, all because you wanted to think you were special."
Luz says: "No."
Luz says: "Joke's on you, 'cause Eda isn't stupid enough to fall for your trap."
Eda says: "Adegast!"
Luz says: "Oh, heck!"
Eda and King land at the end of the walkway.
Adegast says: "Eda, I have you now!"
Two cat puppets erupt from the ground, one grabbing Eda and the other King.
Eda says: "That's right."
Eda says: "You have me."
Eda says: "Now release Luz."
King says: "I didn't have to be a part of this!"
Adegast says: "Oh, she can leave."
Adegast says: "If she wants to."
Adegast says: "But I sense she wants a real fantasy."
The Chris puppet breathes a cloud of fog at Luz. When she opens her eyes, she's free of her restraints, kneeling in a dark void. Adegast's puppets walk up to her from the dark.
Nevareth says: "Stay with us, Luz."
Nevareth says: "Stay with Adegast."
Nevareth says: "We need you here."
Nevareth says: "You could be our Chosen One."
Princess says: "Yeah, you can eat our tiny foods forever."
Nevereth says: "Luz, why would you want to live in a world where people laugh at you?"
Luz says: "It is beautiful here."
Eda says: "Luz!"
Luz says: "And you guys think I'm special."
Eda says: "No!"
The puppets all close in on Luz.
Luz says: "But it's not real."
Luz says: "I am a Witch's Apprentice."
Luz says: "And I'm gonna earn my magic staff the hard way."
Luz says: "I believed you, Magic Man."
Luz says: "Now feel my wrath!"
Luz stabs the wizard puppet through the stomach, making it disappear with a poof.
Eda and King free themselves, landing next to Luz with grunts. Luz swings her sword at the princess like it's a bat, making her poof away. Three cat puppets approach Eda. She draws a spell circle, sending a plume of orange smoke at them. They disintegrate with distorted screams.
Nevareth tries to blindside Luz, but his yell alerts her. She catches his sword with her own and duels him.
Luz says: "I thought we had a connection, Nevareth!"
Eda lands next to Luz,  the two sharing a smile.
Adegast says: "Back off!"
Adegast says: "Or the dog gets it."
Eda and Luz drop their weapons and raise their hands in surrender.
Luz says: "King, I'm sorry."
Luz says: "I should have listened to you and never trusted that wizard."
Luz says: "You were right."
Luz says: "He isn't mystical or magical."
Luz says: "He's just a big, slimy jerk."
She kicks her sword, sending it flying point first into Adegast's head. He screams and drops King, who is caught by Luz. The scream changes pitch as Adegast shrinks to less than an eighth of his previous size. Eda and Luz walk up to him.
Eda says: "Mmm."
Eda says: "Oh, did you want some of that?"
Luz says: "No."
Luz says: "I'm just confused."
Eda says: "Thinking of calling it quits, huh?"
Luz says: "This place is nothing like I imagined."
Eda says: "Hmm."
Eda says: "Maybe not here."
Eda says: "But come with me."
Eda says: "I got something to show you."
Cut to the three of them on Eda's staff, hovering in the sky. Luz is wearing a blindfold.
Eda says: "Okay, you can look."
Luz says: "Whoa!"
[The camera pans to reveal the whole of the Boiling Isles says: "the decomposing body of a Titan."
Eda says: "The bones of the Isles."
King says: "And very stinky."
Eda says: "And gross."
Eda says: "But if you look at it from a different perspective..."
The three of them look to the sky above the Titan's skull, where stars are beginning to appear. As they watch, a shooting star crosses the sky, there for only a moment.
Luz says: "It's beautiful."
King says: "Yeah."
Luz says: "Eda, how did you know that wizard was lying?"
Eda says: "Look, kid, everyone wants to believe they're "chosen"."
Eda says: "But if we all waited around for a prophecy to make us special,  we'd die waiting."
Eda says: "And that's why you need to choose yourself."
Luz says: "Does that mean you'll give me a magic staff of my own?"
Eda says: "Not yet."
Eda says: "But..."
Eda says: "someday."
Luz leans against Eda as they watch the sun continue to set.