Episode opens with King reading from a book focused on the history of the Boiling Isles.
King says: "The Boiling Isles, born from the flesh and bones of a fallen Titan."
King says: "This original magic was so potent, all life on the Isles evolved to wield magic too."
King says: "For years, we explored those power freely."
King says: "Until, a mysterious witch appeared who declared that he, and he alone, could speak to the island."
King says: "He said that we were using magic all wrong."
King says: "His teachings took hold, his strength grew, and he became..."
King says: "Emperor Belos."
King says: "Belos said that mixing magic was wrong, that only he had that right."
King says: "So he created the coven system."
King says: "And there, our knowledge was restricted, and our potential sealed away."
King says: "Those who resist are called wild witches, and they face harsh punishment."
King says: "Emperor Belos has since retreated into his castle."
King says: "There are whispers that say he's planning something big."
Cut away from the book to King and Luz in the latter's room.
King says: "I wonder if catching Eda was part of his big plan."
King says: "What do you think, Luz?"
King says: "Luz?"
Luz says: "I don't care what Belos is up to..."
Luz says: "because today, I'm saving Eda!"
Cut to Luz opening the door to a room decorated with weapons.
King says: "Luz, what are you doing?"
Luz says: "This is serious King."
Luz says: "Eda used her power to save me and got caught by Lilith."
Luz says: "Now she's the Owl Beast and is being taken before the Emperor!"
Luz says: "I don't know what he's planning to do with Eda, but I'm going to rescue her."
King says: "Haven't you been listening to me?"
King says: "He's the Emperor!"
King says: "He's the most powerful witch alive!"
Luz says: "King, please try to understand."
Luz says: "Eda is in this situation because of me."
Luz says: "Because of my stupid choice."
Luz says: "I have to make up for it."
King says: "But she's in her Owl Beast form!"
King says: "How will she even recognize you?"
Luz says: "I don't know."
Luz says: "But I have to try anyway."
King says: "Well then, I'm going too."
Luz says: "King..."
King says: "Me and Eda don't always see eye to eye, but I do consider her family."
King says: "I want her back as much as you do."
Luz says: "Alright."
Luz says: "Then we've got no time to lose!"
King says: "Nyeh!"
King throws the book on the ground, which opens to the page with Belos on it. Cut to Emperor Belos's throne room, focusing on the Titan's beating heart before panning down to the throne.
Lilith says: "Eda, stop that this instant!"
Lilith says: "Don't look at me like that."
Lilith says: "This is for your own good."
Lilith says: "Emperor Belos will heal you, and we'll be in his coven together."
Lilith says: "Isn't that wonderful?"
Lilith says: "I will not fall prey to your childish games."
The door to the throne room opens. Six coven guards and Kikimora enter.
Kikimora says: "All kneel before Emperor Belos!"
Kikimora bows and moves away from the door. Lilith kneels. A pair of glowing blue eyes approach from the darkness, eventually revealing Emperor Belos.
Lilith says: "Eda, no!"
Belos vanishes before Beast Eda can attack him, appearing behind her and throwing her against a wall by lifting his finger. Beast Eda falls to the ground, glowing red ropes appearing to keep her down.
Lilith says: "My Lord, I apologize for my sister's rash behavior."
Lilith says: "She is still in her cursed form."
Lilith says: "Once you've healed her, as promised, I am sure she will become a useful asset to the coven!"
Beast Eda says: "Ah."
Beast Eda says: "Where am I?"
Beast Eda says: "What is this?"
Beast Eda says: "Aw farts, I got caught."
Emperor Belos says: "Edalyn Clawthorne, the infamous Owl Lady, the wild witch of Bonesborough."
Emperor Belos says: "Mentor of Luz the Human."
Beast Eda says: "You stay away from her, or so help me, Titan..."
Beast Eda says: "."
Emperor Belos says: "You've got it all wrong."
Emperor Belos says: "The human is safe, for now."
Emperor Belos says: "I just want the portal she came through."
Beast Eda says: "Tough, 'cause I ain't telling you nothing!"
Emperor Belos says: "Ugh, pity."
Emperor Belos says: "Although I suppose I could ask the human herself."
Belos snaps his fingers, and the guards run in to drag Eda away.
Beast Eda says: "Wait!"
Beast Eda says: "Don't touch her!"
Beast Eda says: "Lilith, don't let him hurt her!"
Beast Eda says: "Lilith!"
Lilith says: "Ah, taking her to the healing ceremony?"
Emperor Belos says: "I will not be healing her."
Lilith says: "But,you, promised me."
Emperor Belos says: "Don't be so naïve, Lilith."
Emperor Belos says: "This is the Titan's will."
Emperor Belos says: "All wild witches must be dealt with with before the Day of Unity."
Emperor Belos says: "You understand, don't you?"
Lilith says: "Of course..."
Emperor Belos says: "Good."
Emperor Belos says: "Oh, one more thing."
Belos snaps his fingers, and Owlbert and the bottom half of Eda's staff appear in Lilith's hands.
Emperor Belos says: "Destroy the Owl Lady's staff."
Emperor Belos says: "She won't be needing it anymore."
Belos leaves the throne room, leaving Lilith staring after him. The doors close. Cut to a news broadcast on a crystal ball.
Perry Porter says: "Perry Porter coming to you live from outside the Emperor's Castle."
Perry Porter says: "Edalyn Clawthorne, known commonly as "Eda the Owl Lady," has been captured and has been brought before the Emperor."
Kikimora says: "For the crime of attacking a coven leader and refusing to join a coven, Edalyn Clawthorne's body shall be petrified in stone!"
Kikimora says: "Today, sundown, at the Conformatorium."
Gus says: "Willow!"
Gus says: "Are you watching?"
Willow says: "Yes."
Willow says: "We have to do something."
Gus says: "Today is a grave day for Bonesborough."
Various demons and witches watching the crystal balls in the street murmur in discussion and walk off, revealing Luz and King.
Luz says: "Please tell me that's not as bad as it sounds."
King says: "Petrification is only done to the worst criminals, and once the spell is complete, it can't be reversed."
The newscast shows several petrified witches in what looks like a graveyard before fading to a picture of Lilith.
Luz says: "Lilith."
Luz says: "She cursed Eda."
Luz says: "She captured her own sister!"
Luz says: "She is the worst!"
Luz says: "If I ever see her again!"
Luz tosses the crystal ball displaying the news onto the ground, shattering it.
King says: "Luz, calm down."
King says: "We need to think about saving Eda first!"
Luz says: "You're right, but how will we get to the Conformatorium in time?"
A guard walks by, whistling. King narrows his eyes while looking at the guard.
King; We'll have to do something so diabolical, so criminally insane, that they'll have to send us to the Conformatorium.
Luz says: "Hey!"
Guard says: "Hm?"
Luz and King are standing on grass, directly in front of a DO NOT STEP ON GRASS sign.
Luz says: "Whaaa?"
King says: "Whaaa?"
Luz says: "Yep."
Doors close, securing Luz and King in a paddy wagon.
Luz says: "Perfect plan."
Cut to the sign for the Conformatorium. The paddy wagon passes by petrified wild witches, which Luz and King stare at.
Two guards bring out a pedestal with the Eda's name on it.
King says: "There's not gonna be a new statue going up today."
King says: "Right, Luz?"
King says: "Luz?"
The wagon passes a poster of Lilith.
The paddy wagon continues on, entering the Conformatorium proper. A gate closes behind it, and the camera pans up to reveal a banner reading 'PETRIFICATION TODAY AT SUNDOWN'. Cut to inside, where the paddy wagon backs in to a docking station.
Guard says: "Sir, the Owl Lady's human student has been apprehended."
Warden Wrath says: "Very good."
Warden Wrath says: "Ah, Luz the Human."
Warden Wrath says: "How I've waited to see you again."
Warden Wrath says: "Now I'll have my revenge and you'll have front row seats to Eda's demise."
Wrath opens the paddy wagon doors and is bombarded by branches.
Emperor's Coven Guard says: "Huh?"
A spear of ice pins the Emperor's Guard to the ceiling. Wrath shoves away the branches, then is captured by several ice pillars. Luz walks up to him with King on her shoulder.
Luz says: "Where's Eda?"
Warden Wrath says: "She's in the holding cell in the dungeon."
Luz says: "Draw me a map!"
Cut to outside, where an audience is gathered.
Member 1 says: "Do you really think Eda deserves a petrification?"
Member 2 says: "I don't know."
Member 2 says: "This is all happening so fast."
Willow says: "If we know anything about Luz, she's going to be here trying to save Eda."
Gus says: "And we'll be here to save her when she needs us!"
Willow says: "Let's split up and find her!"
Zoom out to see Lilith watching the crowd from a window.
Kikimora says: "Fools!"
Kikimora says: "You let the human escape!"
Kikimora says: "And you drew her a map?"
Lilith says: "Worry not, Kikimora."
Lilith says: "I shall capture the human."
Cut to a hallway, where two guards are hanging in vines from the ceiling, another can only be seen by his legs, a fourth is holding his hands in front of a fire, and a fifth is encased in ice. Luz walks away from the scene, running to a padlocked set of double doors.
Luz says: "King, watch the door."
King says: "Weh."
Luz steps forward and places an ice glyph on the lock, freezing and breaking it. She enters the room and pulls out a light glyph.
Luz says: "Eda?"
Luz says: "Eda!"
Luz runs to her, but bounces off when her wing twitches. Beast Eda turns at the noise and growls, going in for the attack.
Luz says: "Eda, wait!"
Luz says: "It's me!"
Luz says: "It's me."
Beast Eda says: "Luz?"
Beast Eda says: "Oh no, oh no no no no no wh- what are you doing here?"
Luz says: "It's okay Eda, I'm here to save you."
She activates a fire glyph on the chain keeping Eda in place, but the flame does nothing.
Beast Eda says: "Your magic isn't strong enough for this."
Beast Eda says: "You need to leave!"
Beast Eda says: "Now."
Luz says: "But, but I can't!"
Luz says: "It's my fault you needed to save me."
Luz says: "It's my fault you got captured."
Beast Eda says: "No."
Beast Eda says: "Listen to me."
Beast Eda says: "I'm here because of my own actions."
Beast Eda says: "I went against Belos's law, and for a while I was able to get away with it."
Beast Eda says: "But,  well without magic, I can't do much."
Beast Eda says: "I don't regret anything."
Beast Eda says: "I lived freely and..."
Beast Eda says: "I got to meet you."
Luz says: "Eda..."
Beast Eda says: "But if you stay here, I won't be able to protect you."
Beast Eda says: "You need to leave."
Beast Eda says: "Now!"
Luz says: "But we're a family!"
Luz says: "Us weirdos have to stick together, remember?"
Eda sticks a claw into her hair, pulling out the key for the portal door. She activates it, making the door rise from the floor. It opens as she speaks, revealing the same path that Luz chased Owlbert down at the beginning of the summer.
Beast Eda says: "You have a family already."
Beast Eda says: "Go back to them."
Beast Eda says: "And when you're home, use your fire magic to destroy the portal door."
Beast Eda says: "I don't know why Belos wants it, but we can't take any chances."
Luz says: "I love you, Eda."
Beast Eda says: "I love you too, kiddo."
A siren blares as a door in the ceiling opens.
Beast Eda says: "Luz, get away!"
Eda pushes Luz away as the chain around her neck glows blue and transforms into a cage. The ground beneath Eda begins to rise.
Luz says: "No!"
Luz says: "Not yet!"
Beast Eda says: "I'm sorry."
Beast Eda says: "Goodbye Luz."
Luz says: "Eda!"
The platform completely rises into the ceiling with an air of finality. Luz cries into her hand, kneeling between the door to the human realm and where Eda had been just moments before. Cut to the door as it opens suddenly.
Lilith says: "Drat!"
King says: "Let me go!"
Lilith says: "I'm too late, at least I found you, human."
Luz says: "You."
Luz says: "You hurt Eda."
Luz says: "You put her in chains."
Luz says: "And now, I will take you down!"
Lilith says: "I just wanna talk!"
Luz says: "Talk to the glyph, witch!"
Luz slams five plant glyphs to the ground at once, summoning several tendrils to trap Lilith. She breaks through them easily with a spin of her staff, but Luz uses the distraction to jump onto Lilith.
Lilith says: "Ah, stop!"
Lilith says: "What is wrong with you?"
The two walk through the still-open portal door.
King says: "Luz!"
Luz and Lilith fall off the porch of the house in the human realm. King follows through a second later. Luz is the first to recover, looking at the forest they landed in as the wind blows her cloak and hair. Lilith stands behind her with her hands glowing blue.
King says: "Luz, watch out!"
Luz says: "What?"
Lilith says: "Please, just listen to me!"
Luz says: "No way!"
Luz says: "You deserve to be petrified!"
Luz says: "Not Eda!"
Lilith says: "You're right."
Lilith says: "I deserve to be in Edalyn's place."
Luz says: "Why did you do all this?"
Lilith says: "When Edalyn and I were younger, we were, the best of friends."
Cut to flashback of a young Lilith and Eda, wearing Potions-track Hexside uniforms, running through the woods while laughing. Young Eda trips, then sits up to reveal her knee bleeding. She starts crying. Young Lilith turns around and kneels in front of her, cupping Eda's face to wipe her tears before putting their foreheads together.
Young Lilith says: "With this spell declared, let the pain be shared."
Half of Eda's wound transfers to Lilith's knee. She winces, but both of them grin. Cut to a teenage Eda and Lilith practicing duels with a mop and a broom respectively.
Lilith says: "Being in the Emperor's Coven was my dream."
Lilith says: "I wanted to work along side the most powerful witch on the Isles and make the world a better place."
Eda spins the mop easily, while Lilith whacks herself in the head with her broom.
Lilith says: "Eda wanted to be with me, but there was a problem."
Cut to the Hexisde Grudgby pitch, where a field day is being held. Teen Eda and Lilith are standing in front of the Emperor's Coven stand.
Emperor's coven delegate says: "One spot is available."
Emperor's coven delegate says: "You duel tomorrow."
Emperor's coven delegate says: "The winner will join our ranks."
Lilith says: "I knew Edalyn would beat me."
Lilith says: "She was younger, but worked twice as hard."
Lilith says: "She met me at my level."
Teen Lilith walks away from the stand while Eda reaches out to her. Cut to Teen Lilith wearing a cloak and walking through the Night Market.
Lilith says: "Emperor Belos always said, "To be great, you have to make sacrifices."
Lilith says: "" What would he do in my situation?"
Lilith says: "I found a spell that would take away here powers."
Teen Lilith looks at a scroll with an owl seal on it. Her face goes from nervous to determined, and breaks the seal. A bright red light comes from the scroll, taking over the screen. Cut to a door opening to Eda's room as she sleeps. An indistinct, shadowy figure becomes Lilith as she steps forward and pulls down the hood of her cloak. She approaches Eda's bed, holding out the cursed scroll. It glows red again, reflecting in Lilith's glasses ominously.
Lilith says: "I though it would just be for a day."
Cut to the Hexside Grudgby pitch again. This time the stands are packed, and Teen Eda and Lilith stand opposite each other. They each raise an arm in a dueling pose, before Lilith runs forward with a yell, a blue flame appearing in her hand. Eda watches her approach.
Teen Eda says: "No!"
Teen Lilith skids to a halt, the flame on her hand dying out. She looks surprised.
Teen Eda says: "I refuse to battle my sister."
Teen Eda says: "I've decided that covens aren't really my style."
Teen Eda says: "Hey, don't forget me when you're big shot, sis."
Lilith says: "And as Edalyn walked away..."
Teen Eda barely makes it to the edge of the Grudgby pitch before she starts yelling in pain and falls to her hands and knees. Feathers burst from her hand and race up her arm, tearing the seam of her uniform. Brown wings sprout from her back, her ears grow as she covers her face with claws, until she screams in a voice part-witch and part-beast, her eyes pitch black. The newly transformed Owl Beast looks at the crowd, looks at Lilith, terrified.
Crowd Member says: "What is that?!"
Crowd Member says: "!"
Crowd Member 2 says: "That girl is a monster!"
A rock hits Beast Eda's forehead. Emperor's Coven members continue to throw rocks at her as the crowd boos, until Beast Eda flares her wings and snarls at them.
Crowd Member 3 says: "Get out!"
Crowd Member 3 says: "GO!"
Beast Eda does just that, turning tail and running away.
Teen Lilith says: "Edalyn!"
Emperor Belos Delegate says: "Lilith Clawthrone, We welcome you to the Emperor's coven!"
He holds Teen Lilith's arm up in triumph as the crowd cheers.
Lilith says: "I made my sacrifice for the emperor, and it was time to receive my reward."
Cut to present day.
Lilith says: "I've been pursuing Edalyn because if she joined the Emperor's coven, Emperor Belos told me he would heal her curse."
Lilith says: "But he lied to me."
Lilith says: "I know how to rescue Edalyn, but I can't do it alone."
Luz says: "How do I know I can trust you?"
Lilith appears to think for a second before tracing a large spell circle. Owlbert and the rest of Eda's staff appear in her hands. She holds them both out to Luz, who takes them.
Luz says: "Owlbert!"
Luz says: "You're okay."
Owlbert opens his eyes and coos, nuzzling into Luz. She puts him on her shoulder and uses the staff to stand.
Luz says: "All right, Lilith."
Luz says: "I don't like your whole,  we need your help to save Eda."
Luz holds out the door key as Lilith stands.
Lilith says: "Thank you."
The vines around King loosen and let him go.
King says: "Weh?"
Lilith says: "Now lets head back."
Lilith heads for the door. Luz starts to follow her, but a breeze makes her look back at the human realm behind them. A nostalgic, mournful tune plays as she stares at the trees. Lilith walks through the door, but King notices Luz lingering.
King says: "Hey Luz, You..."
King says: "need a minute?"
Luz says: "No."
Luz says: "I'm coming."
She walks up the steps as King follows Lilith. Luz pauses just before entering, taking one last look at the human realm, before disappearing in the glowing white. The glow disappears with her, leaving just a broken down house with a closed door.
Cut to an Emperor's Coven guard drumming a beat. Zoom out to reveal several drumming guards in two lines in front of a large crowd.
Gus says: "Do you thinks she got caught?"
An alarm sounds, and the cage with Beast Eda in it rises onto a towering platform in front of the crowd.
Perry Porter says: "Well folks, Eda the Owl Lady has appeared on stage, which means the petrification process is about to begin."
Kikimora finishes rising with the cage. She walks forward and pushes a lever, making the three headed statue rise from the ground. Beast Eda visibly looks nervous as the machine crackles to power. Cut to the inside of the Conformatorium, where Lilith, Luz, and King are passing by towering statues covered in what appear to be meaty tendrils. They stop in front of a small platform.
Lilith says: "You can take this up to the stage where they're holding Edalyn."
Luz says: "Thank you, Lilith."
Luz says: "What will you do know?"
Lilith says: "I will stay in the Emperor's coven, but I will make sure nothing like this ever happen again."
Luz says: "That's good to hear."
Luz says: "Wait, why are there no guards around?"
A red tendril wraps itself around Lilith's legs, pulling her down.
Luz says: "Lilith!"
Luz says: "King!"
Lilith and King are dragged up near the ceiling before being suspended on either side of the far wall. Fires ignite below them, flanking a skull-like throne that Belos is sitting in, his staff in hand.
Emperor Belos says: "Ah, Lilith."
Emperor Belos says: "You chose the wrong side."
Lilith and King are pulled upwards. Luz stares in horror and tries to walk forward, but two arms grab her legs.
Luz says: "No!"
Emperor Belos says: "Ah puh-puh."
Emperor Belos says: "I'd actually like to have a word with you, human."
Luz glares at Belos.
Cut to Lilith and King being forced into Beast Eda's cage by two Emperor's Coven members. They both land, kneeling, as the bars close behind them.
Lilith says: "Hello, Edalyn."
King says: "No, don't!"
King says: "She was trying to help."
King says: "She even betrayed the Emperor for you!"
Beast Eda says: "What?"
Lilith tries to cup Eda's face, but the activation of the petrification machine earns both of their attentions. The machine's eyes begin to glow, first yellow, then green. Cut to the crowd.
Willow says: "We gotta do something."
Perry Porter says: "And in a shocking turn of events, head Coven leader Lilith is now in the holding cage."
Perry Porter says: "Escorted by what appears to be a deranged cat."
Gus pulls on his sleeve.
Perry Porter says: "Augustus?"
Perry Porter says: "I'm live!"
Gus says: "Dad, you have to stop!"
Willow says: "Yeah."
Willow says: "What's happening to Eda isn't right."
Willow says: "She might not always follow the rules, but she hasn't done anything worthy of a petrification!"
Eye-Eating Prisoner says: "She helped me escape jail."
Morton says: "She helps me stay in business!"
Principal Bump says: "She helped me love teaching again..."
Principal Bump says: "after she left."
Willow says: "The Emperor should let Eda go."
Gus says: "Let Eda go!"
Crowd says: "Let Eda go!"
Crowd says: "Let Eda go!"
Crowd says: "Let Eda go!"
Crowd says: "Let Eda go!"
Camera pans down to the chamber with Luz and Belos.
Luz says: "Let my friends go, or else!"
Luz slams the butt of Eda's staff into the floor, rocketing out of the grip of the hands holding her down. She lands with a flip and slams the staff down, summoning a row of ice spikes that stops inches away from Belos's mask.
Emperor Belos says: "Okay."
Emperor Belos says: "I'll play."
Belos lifts a finger and flicks it, sending Luz into the base of a towering statue. A crack travels up the statue, until it frees the giant two-headed axe, which Luz just barely dodges.
Luz sends a fireblast at spikes of earth. She freezes a giant red hand in a block of ice. She mounts the staff to avoid more earth spikes. She pulls the staff around and aims for Belos, fire glyphs in hand.
Belos stands immobile as the intro monster appears around him.
The intro monster swallows Luz. It explodes a second later, and Luz lands on the ground on her feet.
Emperor Belos says: "What's wrong, human?"
Emperor Belos says: "I thought you wanted to fight."
The shadow of Belos passes, and Luz turns to face it. More arms grab her legs and arms, pulling her back down to the ground.
Luz says: "Huh?"
Luz says: "Ah!"
Emperor Belos says: "Had enough?"
The ice pillar hits Belos's mask, chipping a piece off. Luz looks at the shard before looking back up at Belos.
Emperor Belos says: "But try that again and things won't end well for you."
The arms retreat off of Luz.
Emperor Belos says: "Now I'm just a humble messenger for the Titan."
Emperor Belos says: "In the grand scheme of things, the Owl Lady's life is inconsequential."
Emperor Belos says: "But then you showed up."
Emperor Belos says: "If you want to save your mentor, give me the portal to the human realm."
Luz says: "But..."
Luz says: "my home."
Luz looks up. Cut to the petrification machine, which is completely powered on. A bolt of green energy directs itself to the cage.
Beast Eda dives in front of Lilith and King, taking the full brunt of the blast of magic.
Lilith says: "Edalyn!"
Cut back to Belos and Luz.
Emperor Belos says: "You probably think we want to invade the human realm, but the Titan's will is not so boarish."
Emperor Belos says: "You'll understand soon."
Emperor Belos says: "Tick tock, human."
Emperor Belos says: "The Owl Lady doesn't have much time left."
Luz says: "Here, it's yours."
Emperor Belos says: "The Titan will be pleased."
Belos takes the door. Luz's hand lingers on it, not dropping until a few seconds after it's completely out of her grasp. She finally steps on the platform that Lilith had brought her to, pulling the hood of the cloak up.
Emperor Belos says: "Go on then."
Emperor Belos says: "Go be a hero."
Luz says: "I may have lost, but so have you."
Luz turns around and taps Eda's staff against the platform. Owlbert's eyes glow, as do the fire glyphs on the door before the latter ignite, making the portal to the human realm explode. Belos backs away from the flaming eye, the only substantial part of the door that remains. He glares at Luz through the smoke, who glares right back as the platform carries her out of the chamber.
Cut to Beast Eda, whose legs begin turning to stone. Luz and the platform rise in between the cage and the petrification machine. Luz grabs a plant glyph and throws it to the base of the machine. Vines burst out of the glyph and rock the machine to the side, stopping it.
King says: "Wh-- what do we do?!"
King says: "!"
Lilith says: "The spell wasn't completed!"
Lilith says: "Maybe I can help her fight it!"
Kikimora says: "No!"
Kikimora says: "What is happening?"
Luz says: "Free them, now!"
Kikimora shrinks in on herself and traces a spell circle. The cage disappears, and Luz runs to Eda.
Luz says: "Eda!"
Luz says: "Are you okay?"
The stone recedes from Eda's body. Her eyes open.
Beast Eda says: "As good as I'll ever be."
Emperor's Coven guards, holding spears, close in on them. Luz prepares herself for a fight, but Eda flings her and King onto her back.
Beast Eda says: "Let's fly."
Lilith gets on in front of Luz and King, and Eda takes off. The Coven guards take aim with their spears, but none hit them. The crowd cheers as Eda flies away. Cut to Kikimora glaring after them, until Emperor Belos walks out, his mask still broken.
Kikimora says: "My liege."
Emperor Belos says: "Children of the Isles."
Emperor Belos says: "The Titan has told me to spare the Owl Lady's life, but in return, her curse will strip away all her powers."
Emperor Belos says: "Let her monstrous form be a lesson about the dangers of wild magic."
Cut to the Owl House, which Beast Eda lands in front of, panting heavily. Luz, Lilith, and King dismount.
Luz says: "Don't worry, Eda."
Lilith says: "No, human."
Lilith says: "No amount of elixir can heal her now."
Lilith says: "Oh, sister."
Lilith says: "With this spell declared, let the pain be shared."
Lilith and Beast Eda glow blue and float. Their gems glow, and Eda returns back to her usual witch form. Luz shields King from the light, and they both turn when it fades to see Eda, back to normal, and Lilith land softly.
Luz says: "Eda!"
Lilith and Eda turn their heads to reveal that one of each of their eyes has turned gray, and Lilith now has a streak of gray hair while Eda has a streak of white and her gem is still black. Eda laughs as Luz and King run and hug her.
Luz says: "Can you still do magic?"
Eda says: "That's a no."
Eda says: "It'll take some time to get used to this."
Lilith says: "I feel that I've been weakened as well."
Luz says: "It's okay."
Luz says: "I can teach you what I know, and what we don't know, we can learn together."
Luz puts a light glyph in Eda's hand. Eda activates it, looking shocked that it worked. The ball of light floats into the night sky. Lilith walks closer to the others.
Eda says: "I look forward to that."
Camera focuses on the ball of light, which rises until it gets lost among the stars.
Luz says: "And that's how we escaped from the Emperor."
Cut to Luz's room, where she's laying on her stomach in her sleeping bag. King is asleep at her feet.
Luz says: "Everyone told me he was the most powerful witch alive."
Cut to the view of Luz's phone, where she's recording a video.
Luz says: "But look at this, Mom."
Luz says: "But I will find my way home to you."
Luz says: "I promise."
Luz says: "Deja una luz puesta para mí."
Luz says: "Te quiero."
Luz pokes the ball of light, putting it out. Several balls of light hovering outside of her window float away when it goes dark. Cut to a staircase in the Emperor's Castle, which Belos is standing in front of and Kikimora is walking down.
Kikimora says: "Sire, those miscreants are still at large."
Kikimora says: "Please, allow me to capture them."
Emperor Belos says: "Worry not, Kiki."
Emperor Belos says: "We'll be keeping an eye on the inhabitants of the Owl House."
Belos nods to a robed figure wearing a mask that resembles an owl. They nod back before walking away.
Emperor Belos says: "In the meantime, the Day of Unity is almost upon us..."
Belos turns, and the camera moves to reveal a round white frame with wings attached to it, partially built. Inside the frame is the portal door, still broken, but being pieced back together.
Emperor Belos says: "..."
Emperor Belos says: "and we have much work to do."
Season 1.
Season 2.
TBA.