Narrator says: "Great leaders inspire greatness in others."
Narrator says: "A galaxy, divided by war."
Narrator says: "Peaceful worlds must choose sides or face the threat of invasion."
Narrator says: "Republican Seperatist armies vie for the allegiance of neutral planets Desparate to build a Republic supply base in the system of Toydaria, Jedi Master Yoda travels to secret negotiations on a remote neutral moon."
Alien says: "We are getting no signal from the republic your heighness."
King Katuunko says: "I don't see anything."
King Katuunko says: "It is not like the Jedi to be late."
Asajj Ventress says: "Greetings, King Katuunko."
King Katuunko says: "Who are you?"
Asajj Ventress says: "I am only a messenger majesty."
Asajj Ventress says: "My master wishes to speak with you."
Count Dooku says: "Katuunko, Great king of Toydaria, forgive my intrusion."
King Katuunko says: "Count Dooku."
Count Dooku says: "I am aware Master Yoda hopes you will allow the Jedi to build a Republic base in your system."
Count Dooku says: "in exchange for protection, correct?"
King Katuunko says: "Your spies serve you well, Count."
Count Dooku says: "I ask, How can the Jedi protect you, if they cannot protect themselves?"
Republican Envoy says: "Toydarian Royal Delegation, this is the Republican envoy, please respond."
Republican Envoy says: "General, the Toydarians beacon is active on the moon, but all our transmissions are being jammed."
Battle Droid says: "We caught them by surprise alright!"
Republican Envoy says: "We're losing our shields."
Yoda says: "Too late it is, sprung is the trap."
Republican Envoy says: "I must get you to safety General."
Yoda says: "Retreat you must, on the moon below, is my mission."
Yoda says: "There, I must go."
King Katuunko says: "I suppose you and your droid armies can do better?"
Count Dooku says: "Without a doubt."
Count Dooku says: "I sense you are one who respects strength, your heighness."
Count Dooku says: "Our droid armies outnumber the Republic clones 100 to 1."
King Katuunko says: "Perhaps, But I have heard, That a single Jedi equals 100 battle droids."
Yoda says: "Quickly now, Reach the planets surface we must."
Republican Envoy says: "In an escape pod sir?"
Republican Envoy says: "The enemy will fire at anything we launch."
Yoda says: "Then launch all of them, you will."
Count Dooku says: "Master Yoda's powers have been greatly exaggerated."
King Katuunko says: "That remains to be seen Count."
Count Dooku says: "Indeed But when you decide to join us, my apprentice will contact me."
Battle Droid Commander says: "Hang on, almost What a terrible shot."
Battle Droid says: "Ah well, It's my programming."
Rys says: "That was a close one."
Lieutenant Thire says: "General, I think we're out of range."
Yoda says: "I agree, But, entering another trap we are."
Rys says: "Are you sure?"
Yoda says: "A disturbance in the force, there is."
Asajj Ventress says: "My Lord, Master Yoda's warship has fled the system."
Asajj Ventress says: "What further evidence do you require of the Jedi's weakness?"
King Katuunko says: "This is King Katuunko."
King Katuunko says: "Speak."
Lieutenant Thire says: "Master Yoda would like to talk with you sir."
Yoda says: "A pleasure it is, to hear your voice, your heighness."
Yoda says: "Master Yoda, of the Jedi Council this is."
King Katuunko says: "Master Jedi, I though perhaps Count Dooku had, frightened you off."
Yoda says: "Delayed have I been, but not too far away am I now."
Yoda says: "Unaware I was, Count Dooku was invited to our meeting."
King Katuunko says: "The Count invited himself."
King Katuunko says: "He assures me that in this time of war, his droids can offer me greater security than your Jedi."
Yoda says: "Hmmm, a matter of debate that is."
Asajj Ventress says: "Your Majesty might prefer more than words."
King Katunnko says: "What do you have in mind?"
Asajj Ventress says: "If Yoda is indeed the Jedi warrior you believe he is, let him prove it."
Asajj Ventress says: "Allow me to send my best troops to capture him."
Asajj Ventress says: "If he escapes, join the Republic."
Asajj Ventress says: "But should my droids defeat Yoda, consider an alliance with the Seperatists."
King Katunnko says: "I did not request Yoda's presence here to test him in battle."
Yoda says: "Accept the challenge I do, your heighness."
Yoda says: "Arrive by nightfall, I will."
King Katunnko says: "Master Yoda must be given a fair fight."
Asajj Ventress says: "My dear King Katuunko, I would have it no other way."
Yoda says: "Beautiful this moon is."
Yoda says: "Amazing the universe is."
Rys says: "There's gotta be a full battalion in there."
Rys says: "Probably packin' armor too."
Jek says: "We'll have somethin' for 'em."
Asajj Ventress says: "I'm deploying my forces, master."
Count Dooku says: "Yoda has made a grave mistake, straying this far from Coruscant."
Asajj Ventress says: "I will see the Jedi gets his "fair" fight."
Yoda says: "Carry only what you need, slow you down it will."
Yoda says: "Destroy Ventress, your weapons will not."
Yoda says: "Come lieutenant."
Yoda says: "Hurry we must."
Lieutenant Thire says: "Sir, the rendezvous point is that way."
Yoda says: "As is our enemy."
Yoda says: "To reach our goal, a straight path we will not follow."
Lieutenant Thire says: "Let's move it boys."
Asajj Ventress says: "Find Master Yoda."
Battle Droid says: "Ahh, what does he look like?"
Asajj Ventress says: "He'll be the small shriveled green one, with the light saber."
Battle Droid says: "Small huh?"
Battle Droid says: "Don't worry Supreme Leader, we'll take care of him."
Battle Droid Commander says: "I think I see them."
Battle Droid Commander says: "They're hiding deep in the trees."
Battle Droid Commander says: "Fire on Sector 11."
Yoda says: "At ease be, my friends, within range we are not."
Battle Droid Commander says: "Hold it, Hold it."
Battle Droid Commander says: "I said hold it!"
Battle Droid Commander says: "That's far enough!"
Battle Droid Commander says: "I mean it!"
Battle Droid Commander says: "Stop I said Stop!"
Battle Droid Commander says: "We're too big to fit in there."
Battle Droid Commander #2 says: "No we're not, watch this."
Battle Droid Commander #2 says: "You were right."
Battle Droid Commander says: "Next time listen to orders."
Lieutenant Thire says: "Those tanks are too big to follow."
Yoda says: "See, see?"
Yoda says: "Size is not everything."
Yoda says: "Smaller in number are we, but larger in mind."
Jek says: "Do you have any idea what the General was talkin' about?"
Rys says: "How should I know?"
Rys says: "There's no figurin' a Jedi Master."
Battle Droid Commander says: "Infantry, advance."
Battle Droid Commander says: "Go get 'em boys."
Lieutenant Thire says: "Sir, there are two patrols coming in on foot."
Yoda says: "Now is the time to face the enemy lieutenant."
Yoda says: "Ambush them we will."
Lieutenant Thire says: "We'll flank them from the South."
Jek says: "Right, let's move."
Battle Droid says: "What was that?"
Battle Droid says: "Blast him!"
Battle Droid says: "Look, little green life form."
Battle Droid says: "You bucket head, that's the Jedi!"
Battle Droid says: "He is a little one."
Battle Droid says: "Blast him!"
Battle Droid says: "Split up by squad and spread out."
Battle Droid says: "Roger roger, roger roger."
Jek says: "Okay clankers, SUCK LASER!"
Jek says: "Where's the General?"
Lieutenant Thire says: "I don't know, we got separated."
Lieutenant Thire says: "Clankers!"
Lieutenant Thire says: "Fall back, there too many of them."
Battle Droid says: "He's around here somewhere."
Battle Droid says: "Hey, get off of me!"
Battle Droid says: "Don't move."
Battle Droid says: "The Jedi destroyed our advance troops."
King Katuunko says: "Master Yoda is living up to my expectations."
Asajj Ventress says: "Commander, have you pinpointed the Jedi's location?"
Battle Droid Commander says: "Affirmative."
Battle Droid Commander says: "The clones gave away their position."
Battle Droid Commander says: "Our heavy troops are moving to engage them now."
Jek says: "I hope the General reaches the rendezvous point."
Rys says: "This should buy him time."
Rys says: "Lieutenant, can you walk?"
Lieutenant Thire says: "I think I'm okay."
Super Battle Droid says: "Die Republic dog!"
Lieutenant Thire says: "What are we gonna do sir?"
Jek says: "What's the General doing?"
Rys says: "Keep blasting!"
Super Battle Droid says: "Hey, what's going on?"
Super Battle Droid says: "Get out of the way, all of you!"
Super Battle Droid says: "I'm having a serious malfunction!"
Super Battle Droid says: "Don't shoot!"
Super Battle Droid says: "I'm on your side!"
Lieutenant Thire says: "You found us just in time sir."
Yoda says: "Left behind, no one will be."
Lieutenant Thire says: "Rollers, inbound."
Yoda says: "Retreat!"
Yoda says: "Cover you, I will."
Battle Droid says: "Republic troops are injured, the Jedi is in full retreat Supreme Leader."
Asajj Ventress says: "Good."
Asajj Ventress says: "Pursue them without delay."
King Katuunko says: "The contest is not over yet."
King Katuunko says: "Master Yoda, I hear you're having trouble with the droid army?"
Yoda says: "Trouble?"
Yoda says: "I know nothing of this trouble."
Yoda says: "Look forward to our meeting soon I do."
Asajj Ventress says: "Look forward to our meeting soon I do."
Asajj Ventress says: "The Jedi won't allude me for long."
Lieutenant Thire says: "Are you sure we should go in there General?"
Yoda says: "There's no way out."
Yoda says: "Now rest, we must."
Rys says: "We're low on ammo sir."
Rys says: "Only 2 grenades, and 1 rocket for the launcher."
Jek says: "Against a battalion?"
Jek says: "Forget it, we've lost."
Yoda says: "So certain of defeat, are you?"
Lieutenant Thire says: "With respect General, maybe you should go on."
Lieutenant Thire says: "Let us slow 'em down."
Yoda says: "All around us, is that with which we need to prevail is."
Yoda says: "Come, sit."
Yoda says: "Your helmets, remove them."
Yoda says: "Your faces I wish to see."
Lieutenant Thire says: "There's not much to look at here sir."
Lieutenant Thire says: "We all share the same face."
Yoda says: "Deceive you, eyes can."
Yoda says: "In the force, very different each one of you are."
Yoda says: "Rys, always focuse on the enemy, are you."
Yoda says: "For inspiration, look to yourself, and those beside you."
Yoda says: "Jek, concerned about weapons you are."
Yoda says: "Weapons do not win battles."
Yoda says: "Your mind, powerful it is."
Yoda says: "Out think the droids, you can."
Yoda says: "Thire, rush not into fights, Long is the war, Only by surviving it, will you prevail."
Yoda says: "Yes."
Yoda says: "Clones you may be, but the force resides in all life forms."
Yoda says: "Use it you can, to quiet your mind."
Rys says: "Tanks."
Rys says: "Is that the best they can throw at us?"
Jek says: "Yeah, but I've only got one shot left."
Yoda says: "Greet them I will."
Lieutenant Thire says: "General, you don't plan to take that whole column by yourself?"
Yoda says: "Have you three I do."
Yoda says: "Outnumbered are they."
Yoda says: "Know the time to help me, you will."
Battle Droid Commander says: "It's the Jedi!"
Battle Droid Commander says: "Block his escape!"
Battle Droid Commander says: "Prepare to fire!"
Battle Droid Commander says: "Supreme Leader, we found the Jedi."
Asajj Ventress says: "Excellent."
Asajj Ventress says: "Where is he?"
Battle Droid Commander says: "He's just sitting here, in front of our tanks."
Asajj Ventress says: "Shoot him, shoot him now!"
Battle Droid Commander says: "Quickly!"
Battle Droid Commander says: "Ready, Aim, Fire!"
Battle Droid Commander says: "Fire!"
Battle Droid Commander says: "He's gone under the tank!"
Battle Droid Commander says: "Oh no!"
Battle Droid Commander says: "Run for it!"
Battle Droid Commander says: "But, I, just, got promoted."
Jek says: "Doesn't look like the General needs help to me."
Battle Droid Commander #2 says: "We've got him in our sights."
King Katuunko says: "That's a lot of smoke, for a surrender."
Asajj Ventress says: "Report."
Asajj Ventress says: "What's going on over there?"
Asajj Ventress says: "Where is 224?"
Battle Droid says: "Supreme Leader."
King Katuunko says: "I think perhaps all those stories about the Jedi are true."
Asajj Ventress says: "The fight isn't over yet, Majesty."
Lieutenant Thire says: "The General's cutting 'em up."
Lieutenant Thire says: "We've got trouble."
Lieutenant Thire says: "Clankers sent reenforcements."
Lieutenant Thire says: "General's too busy with that tank, he won't see 'em coming."
Lieutenant Thire says: "I think I know how to deal with them."
Jek says: "Yeah!"
Jek says: "Great shot sir!"
Lieutenant Thire says: "That's givin' it to the clankers."
Yoda says: "Learned something today, have you lieutenant?"
Lieutenant Thire says: "I think we all did General."
Yoda says: "Come, behind schedule are we."
Yoda says: "Not polite to be late."
King Katuunko says: "You were right, Dooku."
King Katuunko says: "One Jedi is not worth 100 battle droids."
King Katuunko says: "More like, 1,000."
King Katuunko says: "I'm sorry, but I will be joining the Republic."
Count Dooku says: "I urge you to reconsider wise king."
Count Dooku says: "I promise you won't regret it."
King Katuunko says: "Your agent also promised me Yoda would get a fair fight."
King Katuunko says: "I will not deal with those who break their words."
Count Dooku says: "So be it."
Count Dooku says: "Perhaps our negotiations will be more fruitful with your successor."
Count Dooku says: "Ventress, kill him!"
King Katuunko says: "Jedi Master Yoda."
King Katuunko says: "I am very pleased to meet you, at last."
Yoda says: "Share the feeling, I do, King Katoonku."
Yoda says: "Failed you, Ventress has."
Yoda says: "Count."
Asajj Ventress says: "I don't fear you Jedi."
Yoda says: "Strong you are with the dark side young one."
Yoda says: "but not that strong."
Yoda says: "Still much to learn you have."
Yoda says: "Surrendur, you should."
Yoda says: "In the end, cowards are those who follow the dark side."
Count Dooku says: "It's a pity I wasn't there in person, my old master."
Yoda says: "A pity, indeed, my fallen apprentice."
Yoda says: "Perhaps now, begin negotiations we can."
King Katuunko says: "That is not necessary, my friend."
King Katuunko says: "You have my faith."
King Katuunko says: "Toydaria would be honored to host a Republic base."
King Katuunko says: "My people, are at your service."
Yoda says: "Your Majesty, fail you, we will not."
End of Ambush.