Narrator says: "Fear is a disease, hope is its only cure."
Narrator says: "Battle droids on Naboo!"
Narrator says: "As the Separatist rebellion rages through the galaxy, even peaceful planets are threatened."
Narrator says: "Following the discovery of Separatist droids wandering the grassy wasteland, Naboo is once again on high alert."
Narrator says: "Fearing their home is facing another invasion, Senator Amidala and Representative Binks race to Naboo to access the situation."
Narrator says: "Meanwhile, near the Gungan swamplands, an even graver threat is about to be discovered."
THEED HANGAR.
Padmé Amidala says: "We came as soon as we could, my Lady."
Padmé Amidala says: "Have you found any more droids?"
Neeyutnee says: "Only the three."
Neeyutnee says: "But you can be sure they aren’t tourists."
Neeyutnee says: "I need you to convince the Senate or the Jedi Council or whoever is in charge of this terrible war that we are threatened."
Padmé says: "They’ll need more proof."
Padmé says: "Finding a couple of battle droids will not be enough."
Random Person says: "Captain Typho, the battle droid is ready for analysis."
They move to the place where the battle droid is located.
Padmé says: "Have you been able to retrieve any information?"
Neeyutnee says: "Unfortunately, the Naboo security who discovered them prefer to shoot first and retrieve data later."
Padmé says: "If they were found in the grasslands, where’d they pick up all this mud?"
Captain Typho says: "Add that to our very long list of questions."
A slug beetle comes out of the battle droid.
Jar Jar Binks says: "Yummy-yummy."
A medical droid starts opening the tactical droid’s memory.
Padmé says: "I’m getting a bad feeling about this."
C-3PO says: "With your permission, Senator Padmé, I would like to shut down before I get sensory overload."
Padmé says: "Permission denied."
3PO says: "Denied?"
Padmé says: "3PO, you may be able to get some information out of him."
Tactical Droid says: "Cannot see."
Tactical Droid says: "Where am I?"
3PO says: "You are in very good hands on board a Separatist ship."
3PO says: "Count Dooku himself intends to reward you for your bravery."
Droid says: "Bravery?"
3PO says: "For your assignment on Naboo."
3PO says: "Do try to activate what’s left of your memory."
3PO says: "We all want to hear your tale of medical heroics."
Droid says: "Virus."
3PO says: "Yes, the virus."
3PO says: "You do remember."
3PO says: "Please continue."
Droid says: "A small amount leaked out."
Droid says: "Must contain."
Droid says: "Naboo cannot know."
Droid says: "Lab must remain secret."
3PO says: "A secret lab on Naboo?"
3PO says: "Where?"
Droid says: "It is a secret."
Droid says: "This is no Separatist ship."
Typho says: "Unless you want to become a box of spare parts, you’ll tell us where that lab is."
Droid says: "The lab is secret."
Padmé says: "Look out!"
Some shelves fall on them because of Jar Jar’s hunger.
Typho says: "We’ll never get any information out of him now."
Jar Jar says: "Meesa sorry."
Jar Jar says: "It was an accident."
Padmé says: "Is this what you’re after?"
Padmé shows the slug beetle.
Jar Jar says: "Meesa love him."
Jar Jar says: "He’s a very, very good tongue grabbing."
Jar Jar says: "Yousa finden in one placen."
Padmé says: "Where?"
Jar Jar says: "In the mud under the perlote tree."
Padmé says: "Like the mud on this droid."
Padmé says: "The eastern swamps."
Padmé says: "I think Jar Jar just found out the location of that lab."
THEED PALACE.
Typho says: "They’re planning an attack on Naboo."
Typho says: "It’s the only explanation."
Yoda says: "Delicate, the situation is."
Yoda says: "Two Jedi, we will send."
Padmé says: "May I recommend General Kenobi and General Skywalker?"
Padmé says: "Relations with the Gungans are a little tense right now, but they trust General Kenobi like one of their own."
Yoda says: "Send them, we will."
They end the hologram.
Padmé says: "I want as much information as possible before the Jedi arrive."
Padmé says: "See if you and 3PO can download any of the other battle droids’ memory."
Padmé says: "I’m going to find that lab."
Typho says: "Are you sure that’s wise?"
Padmé says: "Come on, Jar Jar."
GRASSLANDS.
Gungan Farmer Peppi Bow is taking her Shaaks to drink the water of the river when a few of her Shaaks die suddenly. She realises it is poisoned.
Peppi Bow says: "Back!"
Peppi Bow says: "That water gone poodoo."
Peppi Bow says: "This is muy bad."
Padmé and Jar Jar arrive on the scene.
Jar Jar says: "This is bombad."
Jar Jar says: "Whatsa happen to them?"
Padmé says: "It’s the plague."
Padmé says: "We’re definitely getting close."
Peppi in fear attacks them.
Peppi says: "Whosa are you?"
Jar Jar says: "What you doing?"
Peppi says: "Why yousa here?"
She takes off the helmet of Jar Jar’s hazmat suit.
Jar Jar says: "Whatsa yousa thinkin’?"
Padmé points a blaster at her.
Padmé says: "Don’t move."
Padmé says: "I don’t want to hurt you."
Padmé says: "Jar Jar, put your helmet back on."
Peppi says: "Yousa okeyday."
Peppi says: "It’s not in the air, it’s in the water."
Padmé takes off her helmet.
Padmé says: "Who are you?"
Peppi says: "Meesa Peppi Bow."
Padmé says: "We think the virus that made your animals sick came from the perlote trees."
Peppi says: "Yousa follow this river, yousa finda yousa perlote."
Peppi says: "Meesa take you."
Padmé says: "No, Peppi, you stay here."
Padmé says: "You’ll be going home soon, I promise."
Padmé says: "I’ll send some soldiers to pick you up and take you back to Theed."
EASTERN SWAMPS.
Padmé says: "Keep your eyes open."
Padmé says: "Look for anything out of the ordinary."
TRADE FEDERATION LABORATORY.
Nuvo Vindi sees Padmé and Jar Jar.
Nuvo Vindi says: "I suppose one can never have too many lab rats."
Nuvo Vindi says: "Please, escort our guests inside."
Random Droid says: "Roger, roger."
EASTERN SWAMPS.
Jar Jar falls on some metal.
Jar Jar says: "A hatch."
Padmé says: "Captain Typho, I think we’re standing right on top of the lab."
Padmé says: "I need a geo scan of coordinates SP127."
Padmé says: "No way we’re going to open this."
A Random Droid comes out.
Random Droid says: "Freeze!"
Random Droid says: "Hold it right there."
They are taken to the lab.
TRADE FEDERATION LABORATORY.
Jar Jar says: "Yousa let us go!"
Padmé says: "Who are you?"
Padmé says: "Why are you holding us?"
Nuvo says: "Wonderful specimens."
Nuvo says: "What’s a life-form like you doing in a swamp like this?"
Padmé says: "I was about to ask you the same thing."
Nuvo says: "Thanks to the support of my compassionate friends in the Separatist Alliance, I am creating life."
Jar Jar says: "Howsa yousa creating life?"
Nuvo says: "I’m so pleased you inquired."
Nuvo says: "A demonstration is in order."
Nuvo says: "Allow me to present the return of the infamous Blue Shadow virus."
Padmé says: "The Blue Shadow virus?"
Padmé says: "I thought that deadly disease was extinct."
Nuvo says: "Yes, it was wiped from the galaxy generations ago, but I have given it life once again."
Jar Jar says: "Yousa not creating life."
Jar Jar says: "Yousa taking life."
Jar Jar says: "Yousa poisoned the Gungan water."
Nuvo says: "Unfortunately, the Blue Shadow virus, in its natural form, thrives only in water until I improved upon that weakness."
Nuvo says: "Your eyes do not deceive you."
Nuvo says: "I have perfected an airborne strain of the Blue Shadow virus."
Random Droid says: "This is the last of the bombs, doctor."
Nuvo says: "I’m well aware this is the last."
Nuvo says: "You’d think I’d lose count?"
Nuvo says: "The virus in its gaseous forms combined with these bombs will release the Blue Shadow virus back into the galaxy, more potent than ever before."
Padmé says: "Are you insane?"
Padmé says: "It’s a deadly disease."
Padmé says: "No life-forms are immune to it."
Padmé says: "That’s why it was eradicated."
Nuvo says: "You mean murdered."
Nuvo says: "Take this away."
Nuvo says: "Meanwhile, as we speak, thousands and thousands of so-called superior life-forms are spreading their disease of war throughout the galaxy."
Nuvo says: "Perhaps they are the ones who should be eradicated."
THEED HANGAR.
Anakin Skywalker says: "Where’s Senator Amidala?"
Typho says: "She went to look for the lab."
Anakin says: "And you let her go?"
3PO says: "Senator Padmé can be very hard to stop once she has made up her mind."
Anakin says: "Good point."
Anakin says: "I know what you mean."
Typho says: "This is Peppi Bow."
Typho says: "She was the last person to see them."
Typho says: "Padmé sent her here to safety."
Peppi says: "Theysa looking for the sick-maker."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "“They”?"
Typho says: "Representative Binks was with her."
Anakin says: "Go with the Gungan."
Anakin says: "See if you can find them."
Ahsoka Tano says: "You’ve got it, Master."
Obi-Wan says: "Why didn’t you send someone to look for them?"
Typho says: "Considering the latest developments, we thought it was best to wait for you."
Obi-Wan says: "What latest developments?"
Typho says: "We did a robo-lobotomy on the battle droids and came up with this piece of memory."
Typho shows a hologram of Nuvo Vindi.
Obi-Wan says: "Who is that?"
Typho says: "Doctor Nuvo Vindi, the senior medic for the Perma families."
Typho says: "He disappeared ten years ago."
The hologram recording starts playing.
Nuvo says: "Good news, my soulless automaton friends."
Nuvo says: "We now have enough of the Blue Shadow virus to start filling the bombs."
Obi-Wan says: "He said “bombs”?"
Nuvo says: "We will only need to send one bomb to each key star system."
Nuvo says: "Work quickly."
The recording stops.
Obi-Wan says: "If those bombs get delivered, we’ll be facing a galaxy-wide plague."
Obi-Wan says: "The war will be the least of our worries."
Typho says: "There is some good news."
Typho says: "Senator Amidala found the lab."
Typho says: "She sent us the coordinates before she disappeared."
Typho says: "We’ve managed to get a geo scan of the area."
A hologram of the underground lab appears.
Obi-Wan says: "It’s enormous."
Typho says: "It looks like there are three entry points."
Typho says: "Here, here, and here."
Typho says: "This appears to be the main lab."
Obi-Wan says: "And the bombs?"
Typho says: "There seems to be an above average amount of radiation in this area."
Typho says: "It’s likely where they’re being assembled."
Anakin says: "If Padmé’s in there, and then we go in guns a-blazin’, she may get killed."
Obi-Wan says: "It is a risk we have to take."
Obi-Wan says: "Dr."
Obi-Wan says: "Vindi and those bombs must not leave the lab."
Anakin says: "And if they or we detonate one during the attack?"
Obi-Wan says: "Better to have one planet infected than the entire galaxy."
GRASSLANDS.
Peppi says: "These the ship belonging to them."
Ahsoka says: "So where are they?"
Ahsoka says: "Their tracks end here."
A scope gets out of the ground right under Peppi.
Ahsoka says: "Peppi, it’s a scope."
Ahsoka says: "Don’t let them see you."
THEED HANGAR.
Anakin says: "Where are they?"
Obi-Wan says: "Patience."
Obi-Wan says: "They’ll be here in a moment."
Obi-Wan says: "You seem a bit on edge."
Anakin says: "There’s a good chance we’re about to destroy all life on this planet, including ours and the senator’s, so yes, I’m a bit on edge."
Anakin says: "Why aren’t you?"
Obi-Wan says: "I’m better at hiding it."
Ahsoka says: "Master, are you there?"
Anakin says: "Did you find her?"
Ahsoka says: "Negative."
Ahsoka says: "I’m pretty sure she’s inside the lab."
Ahsoka says: "The whole area is wired with pressure sensors."
Ahsoka says: "There’s no way to get in without being detected."
Obi-Wan says: "Do not attempt to get inside."
Obi-Wan says: "I need you to detonate a bunker bomb at the south end of the facility."
Obi-Wan says: "It should cause a nice distraction and seal off the bomb area while we come in through the hatches."
Ahsoka says: "You can count on me."
Anakin says: "Rex and his men will be right behind you, Snips."
Anakin says: "They’ll have your back."
They end the call.
Anakin says: "Come on, we’d better hurry."
Obi-Wan says: "Padmé may be lost, Anakin."
Obi-Wan says: "Don’t risk the mission trying to rescue her."
Obi-Wan says: "I’ll take care of the bombs."
Obi-Wan says: "You focus on the doctor."
Anakin says: "I know what’s at stake here."
EASTERN SWAMPS.
Ahsoka is setting a bomb at the south end of the facility.
Ahsoka says: "Now!"
The bomb detonates.
TRADE FEDERATION LAB.
Nuvo says: "We have a breach!"
Nuvo says: "All droids to hatch number one!"
EASTERN SWAMPS.
Catptain Rex and his men have arrived.
Ahsoka says: "They arrived quicker than I would’ve thought."
Peppi says: "Meesa come too?"
Ahsoka says: "No."
Ahsoka says: "Stay here and make sure no one escapes."
Peppi says: "Okeyday."
TRADE FEDERATION LAB.
Anakin Obi-Wan and some clones got inside.
Random Clone says: "It’s quiet in here."
Anakin says: "Looks like Ahsoka’s distraction is working."
On Ahsoka’s side.
Captain Rex says: "Forward!"
Captain Rex says: "Come on!"
They are outnumbered.
Ahsoka says: "Fall back!"
On Anakin’s side, in the main lab.
Anakin says: "Padmé!"
Nuvo says: "Take another step and your friends die."
He electrocutes Padmé and Jar Jar.
Nuvo says: "Drop your weapons."
The clones get ready to shoot.
Anakin says: "Wait!"
Anakin says: "Do as he says."
On Ahsoka’s side.
Ahsoka says: "I can’t hold them."
Obi-Wan says: "Need some help?"
Ahsoka says: "So good to see you, Master Kenobi."
On Anakin’s side.
Nuvo says: "I realize I won’t be able to hold you for long, Jedi."
Nuvo says: "That is why I’m going to give you a choice."
Anakin says: "Fine with me, as long as one of the options is killing you."
Nuvo says: "How about capture me or save your friends?"
He electrocutes Padmé and Jar Jar once again. He escapes and Anakin saves Padmé and Jar Jar.
Anakin says: "Are you okay?"
Padmé says: "Ani, how about the next time you rescue me before you kill all the battle droids?"
Anakin says: "A little “thank you” would go a long way."
On Ahsoka and Obi-Wan’s side.
Obi-Wan says: "Things are going well."
Obi-Wan says: "The lab is secure, and hopefully, Anakin has reached Padmé by now."
Obi-Wan says: "I’ll get the bombs."
Ahsoka says: "I’ll keep the droids occupied."
On Anakin’s side.
Anakin says: "Grab your blasters."
Anakin says: "We need to find that doctor."
On Obi-Wan’s side.
Commander Cody says: "Well, looks like the bomb room."
Obi-Wan says: "Yes, and luckily they appear inactive."
Nuvo activates the bomb.
Obi-Wan says: "I spoke too soon."
Obi-Wan says: "Get these deactivated now!"
On Anakin’s side.
Obi-Wan says: "Anakin, I’m guessing you didn’t capture the doctor."
Anakin says: "I’m working on it."
Anakin says: "Do you have the bombs?"
Obi-Wan says: "Dr."
Obi-Wan says: "Vindi has remotely activated the bombs."
Obi-Wan says: "They’re counting down."
Anakin says: "That’s great."
Obi-Wan says: "And on top of that, one of them seems to be missing."
Anakin says: "It’s down here somewhere."
Anakin says: "Ahsoka, we’ve got another situation."
Anakin says: "Send all the clones to search the facility."
Ahsoka and Anakin’s teem meet up at a corner.
Ahsoka says: "Master?"
Anakin says: "We’ve got a missing bomb and a trigger-happy mad doctor on the loose."
Padmé says: "Missing bomb?"
Padmé says: "I saw Dr."
Padmé says: "Vindi give a little droid a bomb."
Anakin says: "You guys split up."
Anakin says: "Find that droid."
Rex says: "You heard him."
Rex says: "Let’s move!"
Anakin finds the doctor.
Nuvo says: "Jedi!"
Anakin says: "Leaving so soon, doctor?"
Nuvo says: "You are running out of time."
Nuvo says: "Catch!"
Nuvo throws a sample of the Blue Shadow virus to Anakin, and this one catches it but outside the hangar. Nuvo then closes the door.
Anakin says: "Obi-Wan, Dr."
Anakin says: "Vindi’s escaping!"
Anakin says: "He’s at the landing platform."
Obi-Wan says: "All right."
Obi-Wan says: "I’m on my way."
On Padmé’s side.
Jar Jar says: "Something smells good in here."
Padmé finds the droid and the missing bomb.
Padmé says: "Hey, there, little guy."
Padmé says: "How about you hand that over to me?"
The droid gets away.
Padmé says: "He’s getting away!"
Jar Jar catches the droid and gives the bomb to Padmé.
Padmé says: "Ahsoka, I found the last bomb."
Ahsoka says: "Stay there."
Ahsoka says: "I’ll get the bomb squad."
On Anakin’s side.
Anakin is opening the door with his lightsaber when Obi-Wan and his clones arrive.
Anakin says: "Almost got it."
He finishes cutting a hole in the door and they get in. Nuvo hands out more samples of the virus.
Obi-Wan says: "Don’t shoot!"
Obi-Wan says: "If he drops one of those vials, we’re finished."
The upper exit opens right where Peppi is.
Peppi says: "No, no-sa!"
She gets away from the hole right on time.
Anakin says: "You’re under arrest, Dr."
Anakin says: "Vindi."
Anakin and Peppi defeat Nuvo.
Nuvo says: "The bomb’s going off, and we’re all going to die!"
Nuvo says: "Yeah, die!"
At the final moment the detonator shuts down.
Nuvo says: "Oops."
Nuvo says: "What happened?"
On Padmé and Ahsoka’s side.
Cody says: "Deactivated."
Cody says: "Plenty of time to spare."
Jar Jar falls unconscious.
Anakin says: "Ahsoka, are you there?"
Ahsoka says: "I’m here, Master."
Ahsoka says: "The bomb has been deactivated."
Ahsoka says: "Did you find Vindi?"
Anakin says: "Deactivated as well."
Anakin says: "Have you seen Padmé?"
Ahsoka says: "She’s right next to me."
Ahsoka says: "I’m okay too."
Ahsoka says: "Thanks for asking."