Narrator says: "The winding path to peace is always a worthy one, regardless of how many turns it takes."
Narrator says: "Manhunt!"
Narrator says: "After a long and perilous search, the Jedi finally track down Separatist leader Count Dooku."
Narrator says: "During a heroic attempt to capture the count, Anakin Skywalker has gone missing."
Narrator says: "Having lost contact with Skywalker, Obi-Wan Kenobi heads toward his friend’s last known location, a lone Separatist frigate in the far reaches of the Outer Rim."
SEPARATIST SHIP.
Obi-Wan Kenobi opens a cell. He finds two nikto.
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Don’t bother to get up."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "You’re not the prisoner I’m looking for."
He closes the cell, goes to another one and finds Anakin Skywalker.
Anakin Skywalker says: "Oh, it’s you."
Obi-Wan says: "This is how you thank me for rescuing you, pounce on me from the ceiling?"
Obi-Wan hands him his lightsaber.
Anakin says: "…lightsaber."
Obi-Wan says: "Did you manage to locate Dooku before landing in jail?"
Anakin says: "Well, I know he’s on board."
Anakin says: "Might have been able to do something about it if I’d had my weapon."
They leave Anakin’s cell.
Obi-Wan says: "It was important for you to arrive without it so your capture would be convincing."
Anakin says: "Oh, they were convinced, alright."
Anakin says: "But how come I’m the one getting caught all the time?"
Anakin says: "It doesn’t look good."
Obi-Wan says: "When you’re a Jedi master, you can make the plan."
Anakin says: "That’s just it."
Anakin says: "How can I become a Jedi master if I’m always getting caught?"
Obi-Wan says: "At least you’re a master at getting caught."
Anakin says: "Very funny."
They arrive in Count Dooku’s quarters.
Obi-Wan says: "Surprise, surprise."
Anakin and Obi-Wan activate their lightsabers.
Obi-Wan says: "If it isn’t Count Dooku."
Count Dooku says: "Obi-Wan Kenobi."
Count Dooku says: "I thought I sensed an unpleasant disturbance in the force."
Count Dooku says: "I see you’ve freed young Skywalker."
Count Dooku says: "Where might he be if you weren’t always around to rescue him?"
The Separatist ship shakes.
Random Droid says: "Sir, there’s a Jedi cruiser attacking."
Anakin says: "Let’s try not to blow up the ship before they get off this time."
Obi-Wan says: "Your ship is surrounded, Count."
Obi-Wan says: "Republic troops are boarding as we speak."
Dooku says: "Jedi fools."
A hole under Dooku opens. He escapes.
Obi-Wan says: "I should have seen that coming."
Anakin goes near the hole.
Obi-Wan says: "What are you doing?"
Anakin says: "Following him."
Obi-Wan says: "Not that way."
Obi-Wan says: "We need to cut him off."
Anakin says: "You cut him off."
Anakin says: "I’ll follow him and meet you at the hangar."
Anakin jumps in the hole.
Obi-Wan says: "Why do I even try?"
Anakin and Dooku fight while falling. Dooku escapes. He arrives in the landing bay.
Random Droid says: "Your ship is ready, sir."
Dooku says: "Good."
Obi-Wan arrives in the landing bay when Dooku escapes on his personal ship. He takes a ship. Anakin arrives and gets on the ship.
Obi-Wan says: "I thought you were following Dooku."
Anakin says: "I was."
Anakin says: "I followed him here."
Anakin says: "Hang on."
They exit the ship and follow Dooku.
Anakin says: "Ahsoka, Dooku managed to escape."
Anakin says: "We’re in pursuit, but we could use reinforcements."
Anakin says: "Follow us in what ships you can round up."
Ahsoka says: "We’ll get there as soon as we can."
A chase starts between Anakin and Obi-Wan against Dooku. Anakin quickly blasts Dooku’s ship.
Anakin says: "That was easy."
Obi-Wan says: "Lucky for you, I’m an excellent shot."
Separatist fighters arrive and start shooting at them.
Obi-Wan says: "Well, now those fighters are attacking."
Anakin says: "I’m on it."
Dooku gets closer.
Anakin says: "He’s getting too close."
Their ships get blasted.
Anakin says: "Lucky for you, I’m an excellent pilot."
They and Dooku crash-land on Vanqor, a nearby planet.
Obi-Wan says: "For all your expertise, this is not a very smooth landing."
Anakin says: "If you’d hit that second fighter, we wouldn’t be in this mess."
VANQOR.
Obi-Wan says: "I’ve had better landings."
Anakin points at Dooku’s ship.
Anakin says: "Dooku."
Obi-Wan sees something on it.
Obi-Wan says: "What’s this, a homing beacon?"
Anakin says: "Which means the distinguished count is waiting for help."
Anakin says: "So he can’t be far off."
Obi-Wan says: "His engine is damaged."
Obi-Wan says: "He’s not going anywhere."
Anakin says: "Not without a homing beacon."
Anakin destroys the homing beacon.
Obi-Wan says: "There."
Obi-Wan says: "Caves are a good start."
Anakin says: "Strange."
Obi-Wan says: "You sense it too."
Obi-Wan says: "Many life forms in there."
Anakin says: "And Dooku’s one of them."
Anakin says: "Let’s try to get him before something else does."
As they enter the cave, Dooku makes the entrance collapse.
Anakin says: "What’s that?"
Obi-Wan says: "Run!"
Both of them are crushed. Dooku takes Anakin’s lightsaber.
Dooku says: "You won’t be needing this anymore, Skywalker."
As Dooku goes back to his ship, he sees Hondo Ohnaka and his men searching his ship.
Hondo Ohnaka says: "Well, well."
Hondo Ohnaka says: "What do we have here?"
Dooku says: "Who are you?"
Hondo says: "More importantly, my friend, who are you?"
VANQOR CAVE.
Anakin wakes up. He starts searching for Obi-Wan.
Anakin says: "Master!"
Anakin says: "Obi-Wan, can you hear me?"
Anakin says: "Master!"
Obi-Wan appears.
Obi-Wan says: "Anakin, when I tell you to run, run."
Anakin says: "Master!"
Anakin says: "You’re alive."
Obi-Wan says: "And where’s your lightsaber?"
Anakin says: "It got knocked out of my hand."
Obi-Wan says: "By a rock?"
Anakin says: "Yeah, by a rock."
Anakin says: "It’s got to be here somewhere."
Obi-Wan says: "That is a feeble excuse."
Anakin says: "You know what would be helpful?"
Anakin says: "A little light."
Obi-Wan says: "Certainly."
Obi-Wan’s lightsaber doesn’t work.
Obi-Wan says: "Silly thing."
Obi-Wan says: "It was just working a minute ago."
Obi-Wan says: "You don’t suppose it was hit by a rock do you?"
A ferocious Gundark appears.
Obi-Wan says: "This should be interesting."
VANQOR.
Hondo says: "Your solar sailor is very beautiful."
Hondo says: "It’s a pretty rare ship, very expensive."
Hondo says: "What are you doing all the way out here?"
Dooku says: "I sustained some damage in an asteroid storm and had to make a landing."
Dooku says: "Feel free to help yourself to it."
Hondo says: "If you need a transport, the nearest planet is Florrum."
Hondo says: "It’s six parsecs away."
Dooku says: "Is it civilized?"
Hondo says: "That depends on your definition of civilized."
Hondo says: "But you would certainly be more comfortable there than here."
Hondo says: "Vanqor is no place to be after dark."
Dooku says: "Perhaps I shall take you up on your offer."
Hondo says: "Very good."
Hondo says: "Now all that’s left to do is settle my fee."
Dooku says: "Fee?"
Hondo says: "Just a little something to cover my expenses."
Hondo says: "It shouldn’t be a problem for someone so obviously wealthy as yourself."
Dooku says: "I’d be happy to compensate you for your services."
Hondo says: "That’s it boys!"
Hondo says: "We are heading home."
VANQOR CAVE.
Anakin is chased by a Gundark. Obi-Wan is repairing his lightsaber.
Anakin says: "Jump in anytime!"
Obi-Wan says: "Oh, you’re doing fine."
Obi-Wan says: "She seems to like you."
Anakin says: "Yeah, lucky me!"
Anakin says: "This isn’t as much fun as it looks."
Anakin says: "I thought gundarks were only found on Vanqor."
Obi-Wan says: "Then this system must be Vanqor."
Obi-Wan says: "The mother of all gundarks."
Obi-Wan says: "Precisely."
Anakin says: "Are you gonna help me?"
Obi-Wan throws a rock on the gundark.
Anakin says: "Well, you took your time."
The gundark gets up. They throw a lot of rocks at it. It’s unconscious.
Anakin says: "It’s a pity."
Anakin says: "I was just starting to sense a connection."
Obi-Wan says: "Should I leave you two alone, or would you prefer to find a way out of this hole before she wakes up?"
HONDO’S COMPLEX.
Hondo, his group and Dooku arrive on Florrum.
Hondo says: "Welcome to Florrum."
Dooku reaches for his lightsaber, but realizes it is gone.
Hondo says: "Lose your flashy sword?"
Hondo says: "Are these what you were looking for, Jedi?"
Hondo shows Dooku and Anakin’s lightsabers.
Dooku says: "I am more powerful than any Jedi."
Dooku says: "Know that you are dealing with a Sith lord."
Hondo says: "You’re still outnumbered."
Hondo says: "The leader of the clanker army… and a Sith lord, no less."
Hondo says: "Someone is sure to pay a pretty price for you."
Dooku says: "Provide me with the proper means of communication."
Dooku says: "I will arrange for any ransom to be paid."
Hondo says: "And you will arrange for your armies to crush us as well."
Hondo says: "You don’t survive in the Outer Rim by being stupid."
Hondo says: "If the Separatists will pay to get you back, chances are, the Republic will offer even more."
VANQOR CAVE.
Obi-Wan says: "Sounds like another gundark."
Anakin says: "It’s too far away to worry about."
Obi-Wan says: "It won’t stay far away."
Some rocks fall, gas is liberated.
Anakin says: "New problem."
Obi-Wan says: "That’s not good."
Anakin says: "It’s just gas."
Obi-Wan says: "Probably toxic gas."
Anakin says: "That’s good."
Anakin says: "Maybe it’ll kill your gundark."
Obi-Wan says: "And maybe it’ll kill us."
Anakin says: "Come on."
Anakin says: "Let’s get out of here."
Obi-Wan says: "This isn’t gonna work."
Obi-Wan says: "I can’t breathe."
Obi-Wan falls, ill from the gas.
Anakin says: "Come on, Obi-Wan."
Anakin says: "Don’t give up now."
Both of them fall, ill. A hole appears an exit is made. Ahsoka Tano is the cause of it.
Ahsoka Tano says: "Master!"
Ahsoka Tano says: "Looks like I got here just in time."
Anakin and Obi-Wan get up and get out of the cave.
Anakin says: "What do you mean, “just in time”?"
Ahsoka says: "You were in very big trouble."
Obi-Wan says: "Trouble?"
Obi-Wan says: "We were simply searching for Count Dooku."
Anakin says: "We had the situation well under control, my little Padawan."
Ahsoka says: "I see."
Ahsoka says: "So which part of the situation did you have under control: the blocked entrance, the poison gas, or that gundark behind you?"
Anakin says: "Gundark?"
Obi-Wan says: "You mean the one that’s too far away to worry about?"
The gundark tries to attack them.
Ahsoka says: "Block the entrance."
The clones behind her shoot the top and some rocks fall, blocking the entrance.
Anakin says: "There’s still Dooku to deal with."
Ahsoka says: "You let him get away?"
Anakin says: "No, not get away exactly."
Anakin says: "Just… Chime in anytime."
Ahsoka gives him a disappointed look.
Obi-Wan says: "Oh, no."
Obi-Wan says: "I’m enjoying this far too much."
CHANCELLOR PALPATINE’S OFFICE.
Hondo says: "If you want the Sith lord, it will cost you a million credits."
Hondo says: "The payment will be in spice delivered in an unarmed diplomatic ship."
Palpatine says: "We will need proof he’s alive before agreeing to your terms."
Hondo shows Dooku in the hologram.
Hondo says: "Let me present your fearless Sith lord."
Hondo says: "I’m afraid he’s too embarrassed to speak."
Palpatine says: "A hologram can be faked."
Hondo says: "You want proof?"
Hondo says: "This is his lightsaber."
He activates Dooku’s lightsaber.
Yoda says: "Yes, belongs to Dooku, that lightsaber does."
Palpatine says: "This scum… Having possession of Dooku’s lightsaber proves nothing."
Hondo says: "If you refuse, I am sure the Separatist council will be more than willing to meet my price."
Padmé Amidala says: "We may never have a better chance to capture Count Dooku."
Palpatine nods.
Padmé says: "We would like… to send two Jedi to confirm that you have Count Dooku before delivering the ransom."
Hondo says: "Send your Jedi, but they must be unarmed."
Padmé says: "Impossible."
Hondo says: "They will be safe."
Hondo says: "We have no interest in getting involved in your war."
Mace Windu receives a communication.
Mace Windu says: "We’ve reestablished contact with Kenobi and Skywalker."
Mace Windu says: "They’re in a system close to Florrum."
Yoda says: "And most eager to find Dooku, they are."
REPUBLIC CRUISER.
Mace says: "His only stipulation is that you arrive unarmed."
Anakin says: "Unarmed?"
Obi-Wan says: "We know very little about these pirates."
Obi-Wan says: "We may be walking blind into what could very well be a hostile situation."
Mace says: "We can’t let Dooku slip through our fingers again."
Mace says: "Report back as soon as you arrive."
HONDO’S COMPLEX.
Anakin and Obi-Wan arrive on Florrum.
Obi-Wan says: "This should be fun."
A guard searches them.
Random Pirate says: "Follow me."
He leads them to Hondo.
Hondo says: "Gentlemen."
Hondo says: "Can I offer you something to drink?"
Obi-Wan says: "No, thank you."
Obi-Wan says: "Congratulations on your capture of Count Dooku."
Obi-Wan says: "Very impressive."
Hondo says: "Yes, it was."
Hondo says: "Even a Sith Lord is no match for my warriors."
Hondo says: "He put up quite a fight."
Obi-Wan says: "You mean a lightsaber?"
Hondo says: "That’s it."
Hondo says: "And I don’t need to tell you, those things can do some damage."
Hondo says: "Carved up some of my best men pretty good before I could get the jump on him."
Anakin says: "And how exactly did you get the jump on him?"
Anakin says: "With this?"
Anakin takes back his lightsaber from Hondo. He is menaced by all the pirates. A little creature takes it back.
Obi-Wan says: "We have no interest in disagreeing with you."
Obi-Wan says: "All we want is to confirm you are holding Dooku, and we’ll go."
Hondo says: "I will arrange a meeting."
DOOKU’S CELL.
Obi-Wan says: "Look how the mighty Sith Lord has fallen."
Anakin says: "This place suits you, Count."
Dooku says: "It wasn’t so long ago that you yourself were in similar surroundings on my ship."
Anakin says: "Yeah, but now I’m free, and you’re not."
Dooku says: "I’m confident the situation will rectify itself soon."
Obi-Wan says: "Soon you’ll be brought to trial by the Senate and most likely spend a very long time in a cell just like this one."
Anakin says: "And that’s if you’re lucky."
Dooku says: "My naive young Jedi, you must be overly optimistic if you think these Weequayans plan to let you leave this planet."
Anakin says: "They’re planet-hopping thieves looking for a quick score."
Anakin says: "They have no interest in picking a fight with Jedi."
Dooku says: "They are devious and deceitful… and most importantly, stupid."
Obi-Wan says: "It’s a wonder you don’t get along with them Dooku."
Obi-Wan says: "You have so much in common."
Dooku says: "You underestimate them at your own peril, Kenobi."
Anakin and Obi-Wan leave the cell and Dooku.
Anakin says: "I don’t know about you, but I could use some rest."
Obi-Wan says: "Remember, Anakin, this could still be a trap."
Anakin says: "You’re not worried about Dooku, are you?"
Obi-Wan says: "No, I’m worried about these pirates."
Random Pirate says: "Jedi!"
Random Pirate says: "Now that your business is completed, we invite you to join us in the grand hall for a banquet."
Random Pirate says: "And a true Weequay banquet is not to be missed."
HONDO’S BANQUET.
Obi-Wan says: "No question, they have Dooku."
Obi-Wan says: "Send the ransom."
Mace says: "He’s being securely held?"
Obi-Wan says: "And very cranky about it."
Mace says: "Good."
Mace says: "Senator Kharrus and Representative Binks will be dispatched immediately."
They end the call.
Hondo says: "Now, can I persuade you to join us for a drink?"
Hondo says: "It’s a tradition, in the name of friendship."
Obi-Wan says: "Alright, but nothing too strong."
Obi-Wan says: "He’s flying."
Hondo says: "Bring our guests some refreshments."
The server puts a little something in their drinks.
Hondo says: "To a successful transaction."
Obi-Wan says: "To powerful pirates and new friends of the Republic."
Hondo says: "Enjoy your evening, gentlemen."
They drink their drinks.
Anakin says: "I still don’t get it."
Obi-Wan says: "Get what?"
Anakin says: "How a bunch of drunken pirates managed to catch Dooku when we couldn’t."
Obi-Wan says: "Maybe there’s a lesson to be learned here."
Anakin says: "I still don’t get it."
Obi-Wan says: "It’s to remind us to be humble and never too proud, to accept a gift when it comes our way."
Anakin says: "Well, to unexpected gifts, then."
Obi-Wan says: "Hear, hear."