Narrator says: "Trust in your friends, and they’ll have reason to trust in you."
Narrator says: "After suffering a series of disastrous defeats at the hands of General Grievous, the Republic’s foothold in the Outer Rim is in jeopardy."
Narrator says: "Commissioned to protect the strategic world of Bothawui, Anakin Skywalker and his weary battle group are all that stands between the system and domination by the Droid Army."
REPUBLIC CRUISER.
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Among our most recent losses was the battle group at Falleen."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "The Separatist fleet commanded by General Grievous is headed your way."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Seems like that coward always knows where and when to attack us."
Obi-Wan says: "You’re heavily outnumbered, Anakin."
Obi-Wan says: "I advise retreat."
Anakin says: "If we run, the Separatists will take control of this sector."
Anakin says: "I can’t let them do that."
Obi-Wan says: "And that is your problem."
Ahsoka Tano says: "Master Kenobi is right."
Ahsoka Tano says: "We should regroup."
Ahsoka says: "Suicide is not the Jedi way, Master."
Obi-Wan says: "You should listen to your Padawan."
Anakin says: "As you listen to yours, my old master?"
Anakin says: "No, we’re going to stay and fight."
Anakin says: "And I think I know how to beat Grievous at his own game."
SEPARATIST WARSHIP.
Random Droid says: "Our spies were right, General."
Random Droid says: "The Jedi have positioned a fleet beyond the planetary rings."
General Grievous says: "Move our ships through the asteroid field to engage them."
Random Droid says: "Through the field, sir?"
Grievous says: "If we attack from above, they will have the advantage."
Grievous says: "So we will go through the rocks."
Random Droid says: "That didn’t sound good."
Grievous says: "All power to the forward shields."
Random Droid says: "What if they attack us from behind?"
Grievous says: "They can’t."
Grievous says: "The asteroids will protect us."
GOLD SQUADRON.
Anakin Skywalker says: "Gold Squadron, tighten formation."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Slow approach."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Let’s draw them in."
Random Clone says: "Yes, sir."
R2-D2 expresses his fear.
Anakin says: "Don’t worry R2."
Anakin says: "Grievous is falling right into our trap."
Random Clone says: "Resolute command to Gold Leader."
Random Clone says: "We are standing by."
Ahsoka says: "Enemy closing to Zone 6."
Ahsoka says: "Zone 4."
Ahsoka says: "Zone 3."
SEPARATIST WARSHIP.
Random Droid says: "General, we have a clear shot at their cruisers."
General Grievous says: "Good."
General Grievous says: "Good!"
REPUBLIC CRUISER.
Random Clone says: "They’re right on top of us!"
Random Clone says: "Should we commence firing?"
SEPARATIST WARSHIP.
General Grievous says: "Concentrate fire on the closest Republic cruiser."
Random Droid says: "Roger, roger."
They fire at the Republic Cruiser. A space battle starts.
GOLD SQUADRON.
Ahsoka Tano says: "We’re outgunned!"
Ahsoka Tano says: "We’re not gonna last a Mynock minute out here!"
Anakin Skywalker says: "Hang on, Ahsoka."
Anakin Skywalker says: "We’ve got them right where we want them."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Watch your stabilizer, Gold 6!"
Gold 6 says: "It’s no good."
Gold 6 says: "Incoming’s too heavy."
Gold 6 gets shot and crashes into another ship.
Anakin says: "Gold Squadron, take evasive action!"
Random Clone says: "Sir, yes, sir!"
Random Clone says: "Breaking off!"
R2-D2 asks if they’re retreating.
Anakin says: "No, R2, we’re not retreating."
Anakin says: "Good thing you gave us that extra power."
SEPARATIST WARSHIP.
General Grievous says: "Let’s finish them off!"
REPUBLIC CRUISER.
Anakin Skywalker says: "Ahsoka, they’re in position."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Unveil our little surprise."
Ahsoka Tano says: "Right away, Master."
Ahsoka Tano says: "Rex, old boy, it’s time you joined the party."
Captain Rex says: "With pleasure, sir."
SEPARATIST WARSHIP.
Random Droid says: "General, we’ve been outflanked."
REPUBLIC CRUISER.
Ahsoka Tano says: "All units, fire at will!"
They proceed to fire at will.
SEPARATIST WARSHIP.
General Grievous says: "Impossible!"
REPUBLIC CRUISER.
Ahsoka Tano says: "Forward cannon, let them have it!"
Anakin Skywalker says: "This is too easy!"
SEPARATIST WARSHIP.
General Grievous says: "Get us out of here!"
Random Droid says: "Uh, where are we supposed to go?"
Grievous leaves.
Random Droid says: "Uh, General?"
Random Droid says: "Well, I guess I’m in charge now."
Grievous leaves the Warship in his personal ship. The Warship is destroyed.
GOLD SQUADRON.
Anakin Skywalker sees General Grievous escaping.
Anakin Skywalker says: "Grievous!"
REPUBLIC CRUISER.
Ahsoka Tano says: "Let’s finish this."
Ahsoka Tano says: "All batteries, target that command bucket!"
GOLD SQUADRON.
Grievous powers up his hyperdrive.
Anakin Skywalker says: "He’s powering up his hyperdrive, R2."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Hang on!"
Anakin Skywalker says: "More speed, R2!"
They hit the Separatist Warship, get damage.
Anakin says: "See what you can do about that, buddy."
Grievous escapes, Anakin’s cruiser’s damage intensifies.
Anakin says: "Uh-oh."
Anakin says: "I got a bad feeling about this."
Anakin’s ship catches fire, a part of it explodes. Anakin gets lost in the asteroid field.
REPUBLIC CRUISER MEDICAL STATION.
Anakin Skywalker wakes up.
Anakin Skywalker says: "What happened?"
Ahsoka Tano says: "You owe Rexter your skin, Skyguy."
Captain Rex says: "Just doing my job, sir."
Captain Rex says: "It was your plan that won the day."
Ahsoka says: "Grievous is AWOL, but his fleet of tinnies is nothing but spare parts."
Anakin says: "Good work, both of you."
Anakin says: "Where’s R2?"
Ahsoka says: "I’m sorry, Master, he’s gone."
Anakin is stunned.
REPUBLIC CRUISER.
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Congratulations, Anakin."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Your resourcefulness always amazes me."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Thank you, Master."
Obi-Wan says: "You look troubled."
Anakin says: "I lost R2 in the field."
Obi-Wan says: "Well, R2 units are a dime a dozen."
Obi-Wan says: "I’m sure you’ll find a suitable replacement."
Anakin says: "I could take a squad out there, track him down."
Obi-Wan says: "Anakin, it’s only a droid."
Obi-Wan says: "You know attachment is not acceptable for a Jedi."
Anakin says: "It’s not just that, Master."
Anakin says: "How do I put this?"
Anakin says: "I didn’t wipe R2’s memory."
Obi-Wan says: "What?"
Obi-Wan says: "He’s still programmed with our tactic and base locations?"
Obi-Wan says: "If the Separatists get a hold of him… What possessed you not to erase that droid’s memory?"
Ahsoka Tano says: "Master Obi-Wan, sometimes R2 having that extra information has come in handy."
Obi-Wan says: "Well, then find that droid, Anakin."
Obi-Wan says: "Our necks might very well depend on it."
Anakin says: "Right away, Master."
REPUBLIC CRUISER LANDING BAY.
Anakin Skywalker says: "You ready to go, Snips?"
Ahsoka Tano says: "Master, they just delivered your replacement astromech droid."
Ahsoka Tano says: "This is R3-S6."
Ahsoka Tano says: "I’ve heard that the new R3s are far faster in thinking skills and more powerful than the old R2 units."
Ahsoka Tano says: "And best of all, Master, he’s gold!"
Ahsoka Tano says: "A gold droid for Gold Leader of Gold Squadron?"
Anakin says: "You can’t replace R2."
R3-S6 is disappointed.
Ahsoka says: "Don’t worry, Goldie."
Ahsoka says: "You’ll get to know him later."
Ahsoka says: "Come on."
ANAKIN AND AHSOKA IN SPACE.
They find Anakin Skywalker’s ship.
Anakin Skywalker says: "There’s my ship!"
R2-D2 is missing.
Anakin says: "He must have escaped."
Anakin says: "He’s gotta be around here somewhere."
Ahsoka Tano says: "R2 isn’t on the scanners, but there is a ship out there."
Anakin says: "Looks like a Trandoshan scavenger, probably combing the battlefield for salvage."
Anakin and Ahsoka approach the Trandoshan Scavenger’s ship.
GHA NACKT’S SHIP.
Anakin Skywalker says: "Archive texts can only teach you a part of the picture, my young Padawan."
Anakin Skywalker says: "You’ll learn a lot more through some hands-on experience."
Ahsoka says: "What’s that smell?"
Ahsoka says: "Ugh."
Anakin says: "You’ll get used to it."
A little droid camera comes out the front door.
Anakin says: "Hey!"
Anakin says: "We’d like to buy a droid."
Anakin says: "You selling?"
Gah Nackt comes out of the front door.
Gha Nackt says: "Ugh!"
Anakin says: "We’re looking for an R2 unit."
Anakin says: "You happen to pick up any recently?"
Gha Nackt says: "An R series?"
Gha Nackt says: "No, no, not for a long time."
Anakin says: "Pookums here really has her heart set on another R2."
Anakin says: "She lost the last one."
Ahsoka says: "“Pookums”?"
Ahsoka says: "Oh, brother."
Gha Nackt sees R3-S6.
Gha Nackt says: "Nice R3 unit."
Gha Nackt says: "Trade for a C-14?"
Ahsoka says: "Not on your life, lizardo."
Anakin says: "Now, let’s see how much I have here."
Shows a lot of credits.
Gha Nackt says: "Tell you what, I may have an R2 unit buried somewhere in the hold."
Opens the door.
Gha Nackt says: "Help yourself, but be careful."
Gha Nackt says: "There are many unique items down here."
THE HOLD.
Ahsoka Tano says: "Master?"
Shows IG units that are shut down.
Anakin Skywalker says: "These must be the unique items we were warned about."
Anakin Skywalker says: "These assassin droids can be very unpredictable."
Ahsoka says: "They’re switched off."
Ahsoka says: "They don’t look so tough to me."
Anakin says: "Nothing looks tough to you."
Anakin says: "Take my word for it, they’re deadly."
Anakin says: "R3, access the computer and find the inventory manifest."
Anakin says: "R2’s got to be around here somewhere."
A sound similar to R2-D2 is heard.
Anakin says: "Did you hear that?"
Ahsoka says: "Hear what?"
Anakin says: "That sounded like R2!"
Ahsoka says: "How can you tell the difference?"
Anakin says: "It came from down here."
Anakin says: "R3, get this open."
R3 messes up and switches the lights on.
Anakin says: "We don’t need the lights on!"
Ahsoka says: "No, Goldie, the hatch."
Anakin says: "Never mind."
Anakin says: "I’ll do it myself."
R3 switches the IG units on. They attack Ahsoka.
Ahsoka says: "Master!"
Ahsoka says: "Goldie, shut these droids down!"
Anakin says: "I’m afraid R3 is a little slow on the uptake."
A fight starts between them and the IG units.
Ahsoka says: "Back at you, piston head!"
Ahsoka says: "You were right about the hands-on experience, gramps."
Ahsoka says: "Much better than the archives."
Anakin says: "Good job, but you missed one."
He destroys the last IG unit.
Anakin says: "As for you, stubby, you’d make a poor excuse for a light switch."
Ahsoka says: "I’m sure he did his best."
Anakin says: "His best to get us killed?"
Anakin says: "R2 would have never made that mistake!"
Anakin says: "R3 can’t even get the door open."
R3 finally manages to open the door.
Anakin says: "A little late, stubby."
Gha Nackt appears. Anakin switches on his lightsaber.
Gha Nackt says: "If you didn’t have a lightsaber, you’d be a dead man."
Anakin says: "Where’s my droid?"
Anakin menaces the Gha Nackt.
Ahsoka says: "Master!"
Ahsoka says: "What are you doing?"
Ahsoka says: "R2’s not here."
Anakin says: "Let’s get out of here."
Gha Nackt says: "I told you there were no R2 droids down here!"
Gha Nackt says: "Look at this mess you made!"
Gha Nackt says: "You owe me, Jedi!"
Gha Nackt says: "You’ll be sorry you ever came aboard my ship, Jedi."
Gha Nackt says: "I’m about to make your life miserable."
Anakin and Ahsoka leave. Gha Nackt calls General Grievous.
General Grievous says: "What is it?"
Gha Nackt says: "I’m en route to the rendezvous point, General."
Gha Nackt says: "I’ve got the merchandise you were looking for."
Gha Nackt says: "It must be valuable."
Gha Nackt says: "A Jedi came looking for it."
Gha Nackt says: "Maybe it is worth more than we negotiated."
Grievous says: "Don’t push me, slime."
Grievous says: "You bring that R2 unit to me as fast as you can get here, or else!"
Gha Nackt says: "Ah."
Gha Nackt says: "Yes, of course, General."
Gha Nackt says: "Just kidding."
REPUBLIC CRUISER.
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "We have to assume that R2 was destroyed in the explosion that claimed your ship."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Yes, Master."
Obi-Wan says: "Our intelligence has confirmed that Grievous’ spies have been intercepting our transmissions."
Ahsoka Tano says: "He must have some sort of secret listening post out there somewhere."
Anakin says: "That would explain how he’s been able to ambush our fleets."
Obi-Wan says: "Split up your squadrons, Anakin."
Obi-Wan says: "Find that base and destroy it."
Anakin says: "It’s as good as done, Master Kenobi."
Obi-Wan says: "May the Force be with you both."
Obi-Wan leaves.
Anakin says: "I’ll sweep the outer corridor, while the rest of your ships focus on the center."
Captain Rex says: "Are you sure you want to go alone?"
Anakin says: "I’m sure."
Anakin says: "More than one fighter will just draw too much attention."
Rex says: "Yes, sir."
Ahsoka says: "Master, you’ll need a droid to help you navigate."
Shows R3-S6.
Anakin says: "I think stubby is defective."
Ahsoka says: "Give him another chance, Master."
Ahsoka says: "This is the perfect time for you and him to, you know, bond."
Anakin hesitates.
Anakin says: "All right."
Anakin says: "Come on, stubby."
Ahsoka says: "May the Force be with you, Master."
GHA NACKT'S SHIPS.
R2-D2 manages to break free and to throw an IG unit in space, before being discovered by Gha Nackt.
Gha Nackt says: "Removed your restraining bolt, have you?"
Gha Nackt says: "What were you up to?"
ANAKIN SKYWALKER IN SPACEAnakin Skywalker says: "R3, have you verified those coordinates on the search grid."
R3-S6 expresses that he hasn’t.
Anakin says: "Okay, let’s see what we can find."
Anakin says: "Activate long-range scanners."
R3-S6 activates the tracking beacon.
Anakin says: "No, not the tracking beacon!"
Anakin says: "Shut it down, R3!"
Anakin says: "Shut it down!"
REPUBLIC CRUISER.
Ahsoka Tano says: "That’s Master Skywalker’s tracking beacon."
Ahsoka Tano says: "What’s he doing?"
Ahsoka Tano says: "Rex, get a hold of as many men as you can."
Captain Rex says: "Right away, sir."
SEPARATIST WARSHIP.
General Grievous says: "A-ha!"
General Grievous says: "There’s our Jedi tracking beacon."
General Grievous says: "Skywalker, now you have fallen into my trap!"
ANAKIN SKYWALKER IN SPACE.
Anakin Skywalker says: "Why do I have to do everything?"
Shuts down tracking beacon.
Anakin says: "Let’s hope Grievous didn’t hear that."
Separatist Fleet comes out of hyperspace.
Anakin says: "Yeah, he heard it."
Separatist Fleet starts shooting at Anakin.
Anakin says: "Time to leave."
Anakin says: "Plot a course out of here and prep the hyperdrive engines."
R3-S6 drops the hyperdrive engines.
Anakin says: "What are you doing?"
Anakin says: "I said, prep them, not drop them!"
Anakin says: "Where’s R2 when I need him?"
SEPARATIST WARSHIP.
General Grievous says: "Launch everything we have!"
Random Droid says: "Sir, it’s only one fighter."
Random Droid says: "He can’t escape."
Grievous says: "Everything!"
ANAKIN SKYWALKER IN SPACE.
Missiles are launched onto Anakin Skywalker. R3-S6 expresses his fear.
Anakin says: "I know."
Anakin says: "I know!"
Anakin says: "Missiles."
Anakin says: "I hate missiles."
Anakin says: "We’re going on the offensive, R3."
Anakin says: "Get ready to cut the engines."
R3-S6 doesn’t do so.
Anakin says: "Will you just do what I tell you?"
Anakin cuts the engines and faces the Separatist Fighters, starts firing at them.
Anakin says: "Hit the stabilisers, R3."
SEPARATIST WARSHIP.
Random Droid says: "Hey, that was clever."
General Grievous says: "Silence!"
General Grievous says: "Move the cruisers into attack position."
ANAKIN SKYWALKER IN SPACE.
Anakin Skywalker says: "Alright, R3."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Let’s get turned around before those fighters can catch up to us."
R3-S6 expresses his fear.
Anakin says: "You know, if this ship blows up, you go with it!"
R3-S6 explains that the laser guns won’t fire.
Anakin says: "What do you mean, the laser guns won’t fire!"
Ahsoka Tano finally arrives with Captain Rex.
Ahsoka Tano says: "Cargo bay doors open."
Ahsoka Tano says: "You better get inside."
Anakin says: "I’d love to, but R3’s having a problem with the engines."
SEPARATIST WARSHIP.
General Grievous says: "Destroy those ships!"
General Grievous says: "Don’t let them get away!"
AHSOKA TANO IN SPACE.
Ahsoka Tano says: "Let’s give him some cover, boys."
Captain Rex says: "Yes, sir."
Anakin Skywalker avoids the shots and gets closer to Ahsoka’s ship.
Anakin Skywalker says: "Steady."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Almost there."
Anakin gets inside.
Anakin says: "I’m inside."
Anakin says: "Now let’s get out of here, Ahsoka."
Ahsoka says: "Power it up, Rex."
Ahsoka says: "We’re going right between those tin cans."
They advance between the Separatist Fleet.
Ahsoka says: "Hit it, Rex."
They leave the battle.
SEPARATIST WARSHIP.
Random Droid says: "Uh, they got away, sir."
General Grievous destroys the droid.
AHSOKA TANO AND ANAKIN SKYWALKER IN SPACE.
Ahsoka Tano says: "Hey, Goldie."
Ahsoka Tano says: "What did you think of your first adventure?"
Anakin Skywalker says: "I’ll tell you what I think."
Anakin Skywalker says: "I think I’m lucky to be alive!"
R3-S6 gets sad and leaves.
Ahsoka says: "Great!"
Ahsoka says: "Now you hurt his feelings."
Anakin says: "His feelings!"
Anakin says: "What about R2?"
Anakin says: "He’s still out there."
Anakin says: "I know it."
They return to the Republic Cruisers.