Narrator says: "You hold onto friends by keeping your heart a little softer than your head."
Narrator says: "Missing in action!"
Narrator says: "Anakin Skywalker’s heroic droid navigator R2-D2 was lost in battle."
Narrator says: "When a desperate search fails to locate R2, Anakin is forced to take on a new navigator, R3-S6."
Narrator says: "Now the Jedi embark on a dangerous new mission… to find a secret enemy listening post."
Narrator says: "Meanwhile, R2-D2 has fallen into the hands of a vile droid smuggler and is on his way to General Grievous… who will surely plunder the Republic’s secrets hidden within him."
GHA NACKT’S SHIP.
Gha Nackt says: "I am entering your orbit now, General."
Gha Nackt says: "I will be at your station shortly."
General Grievous says: "What is it, Gha Nackt?"
Gha Nackt says: "I prefer to get my reward in cash."
Grievous grunts, Gha Nackt ends call.
TWILIGHT SHIP.
Captain Rex says: "We’ve searched their supply grids, sir."
Captain Rex says: "There’s nothing to indicate the presence of an enemy outpost."
GHA NACKT’S SHIP.
R2-D2 alters with Gha Nackt’s ship and manages to send a transmission to the Twilight.
Gha Nackt says: "Huh?"
TWILIGHT SHIP.
Ahsoka Tano says: "Master, I’m receiving a strange transmission."
Ahsoka Tano says: "I can’t seem to make it out, though."
Ahsoka Tano says: "Boost the volume, Goldie."
R3-S6 lowers the volume.
Ahsoka says: "No, you’re losing it."
R2-D2’s voice comes from the signal.
Anakin Skywalker says: "That’s R2."
Ahsoka says: "Uh, that doesn’t sound like R2."
Anakin. It’s him. I could never forget that voice. Trace it, Rex.
Rex says: "Sir."
GHA NACKT’S SHIP.
Gha Nack tries stopping the signal.
Gha Nackt says: "What is going on here?"
He discovers R2-D2’s actions.
Gha Nackt says: "You sneaky little scrap pile."
He electrocutes R2-D2.
Gha Nackt says: "You’d better be worth all this trouble."
TWILIGHT SHIP.
Ahsoka Tano says: "Master, our orders were to find the Separatist listening post."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Perhaps R2 is at the listening post."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Did you consider that?"
Captain Rex says: "We have a lock on the droid’s location, sir."
Anakin says: "Prepare to jump to those coordinates."
Random Clone says: "Yes, sir."
Anakin says: "Hold on, R2, old buddy."
SEPARATIST SECRET LISTENING POST.
Gha Nackt arrives and calls General Grievous.
General Grievous says: "What is it, Gha Nackt?"
Gha Nackt says: "I’ve arrived."
Gha Nackt says: "Could you lower your shields?"
Gha Nackt lands, takes R2-D2 and meets Grievous.
Gha Nackt says: "Keep moving, grease spot."
Grievous says: "Aah."
Gha Nackt says: "This is the droid those Jedi came looking for, General."
Grievous says: "What secrets do you carry, my little friend?"
R2-D2 expresses his contempt towards Grievous.
Grievous says: "So defiant."
Grievous says: "No need for fear."
Grievous says: "We’re all droids here."
Grievous says: "Rip this little rat apart, and find out everything he knows."
Gha Nackt says: "Right away, General."
TWILIGHT SHIP.
Captain Rex says: "Sir, the last transmission came from that moon’s upper atmosphere, directly ahead."
Anakin Skywalker says: "That’s a Separatist battle sphere."
Rex says: "I’m picking up a lot of encrypted chatter."
Anakin says: "Contact Obi-Wan."
Anakin says: "Stubby, scramble secret code set 1477."
Anakin says: "I don’t want that station to pick this up."
Obi-Wan Kenobi enters call via hologram.
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Anakin?"
Anakin says: "Master, I believe we’ve found your Separatist listening post."
Obi-Wan says: "Excellent work."
Obi-Wan says: "Back off and wait."
Obi-Wan says: "I’ll send two mainline cruisers to help you destroy it."
Anakin says: "We believe my droid, R2, is on board."
Anakin says: "He’s the one that led us here."
Obi-Wan says: "Hmmm, this complicates things."
Obi-Wan says: "You must sneak aboard that station and destroy it before they crack R2’s memory banks."
Obi-Wan says: "I know you’re fond of that droid, but he’s fallen into enemy hands."
Anakin says: "I could rescue R2."
Obi-Wan says: "No, this is not a rescue mission."
Obi-Wan ends call.
Anakin says: "Keep jamming their scanners."
Anakin says: "If they spot us, we’re dead."
TWILIGHT SHIP DROP OFF.
Captain Rex sees R3-S6 with them.
Captain Rex says: "We’re bringing the droid?"
Ahsoka Tano says: "We’ll need Goldie to open secured hatches and access the station’s computer for us."
Ahsoka Tano says: "Oh, and, Rex… you get to carry him."
Rex says: "Ah, that’s just great."
Ahsoka says: "Follow me, boys!"
They parachute themselves out of the ship.
SEPARATIST SECRET LISTENING POST.
Random Droid says: "Take this upstairs, and be sure not to drop it."
Random Droid falls.
Random Droid says: "Whoa!"
Random Droid says: "Ow."
Random Droid says: "Those 631s are not the brightest lights on the ship."
Ahsoka Tano, Anakin Skywalker and Gold Squadron sneak into the Listening Post right behind them.
GOLD SQUADRON.
They land on the Listening Post.
Captain Rex says: "Next time, you’re lugging this astromech around."
Other Clones laugh. Anakin Skywalker cuts a hole in the ground with his lightsaber and they get in.
SEPARATIST SECRET LISTENING POST.
Random Droid says: "All this moisture is corroding my servo-motors."
Random Droid says: "Go up to level eight."
Random Droid says: "Get your head adjusted It feels great."
Random Clone destroys the Random Droid from behind.
Random Droid says: "What the…?"
Random Droid gets shot at by Random Clone. Gold Squadron advance towards a closed door.
Ahsoka Tano says: "All right, stubby."
Ahsoka Tano says: "Get to work."
R3-S6 projects a hologram of the Listening Post.
Captain Rex says: "We are here."
Captain Rex says: "The reactors are 30 levels below us, there."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Ahsoka, you take the squad and blow up those reactors."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Gravity will do the rest."
Anakin Skywalker says: "We’ll meet in the landing bay."
Ahsoka says: "Where are you going?"
Anakin says: "I’m just going to have a little look around."
Ahsoka says: "I hope you find R2 in one piece."
SEPARATIST SECRET LISTENING POST.
Gha Nackt manages to crack open R2-D2’s memory. R2-D2 projects secret Republic information.
Gha Nackt says: "This is… This…!"
Gha Nackt says: "General Grievous!"
General Grievous says: "What is it?"
Gha Nackt says: "It appears this droid’s mission memory has never been erased."
Gha Nackt says: "It contains every Republic formation and strategy they have."
Grievous says: "Good work."
Grievous says: "You certainly earned your fee this time."
Gha Nackt says: "More than my fee."
Gha Nackt says: "This droid is worth more, I get paid more."
Grievous kills Gha Nackt with one of his lightsabers.
Grievous says: "There is your bonus."
Grievous receives a call from R3-S6.
Grievous says: "Report, agent R3."
R3-S6 reveals the Jedi are here.
Grievous says: "The Jedi are here?"
Grievous says: "Delay them until I arrive."
SEPARATIST SECRET LISTENING POST CORRIDORS.
Ahsoka Tano sees R3-S6 is missing.
Ahsoka Tano says: "Goldie, where are you?"
R3-S6 comes back to Ahsoka.
Ahsoka says: "What are you doing back here?"
Ahsoka says: "Come on."
SEPARATIST SECRET LISTENING POST.
General Grievous says: "Now we will transfer all your secrets to me."
R2-D2 expresses his fear.
Grievous says: "Don’t worry."
Grievous says: "I won’t let anything happen to you."
MagnaGuards arrive.
Grievous says: "Republic troops have infiltrated the base."
Grievous says: "Keep this droid secure."
Grievous says: "I will deal with the Jedi myself."
SEPARATIST SECRET LISTENING POST CORRIDORS.
Captain Rex says: "We found the reactor room, sir."
Ahsoka Tano says: "This could take a while to bypass."
Rex says: "Good luck with that."
Ahsoka says: "Go ahead, Goldie."
Ahsoka says: "Make me proud."
Rex says: "Oh, this’ll be good."
Random Clone says: "Those droids are getting close, sir."
Rex says: "Do you think R3’s going to open up that door any time soon?"
Ahsoka says: "He’s working on it."
Ahsoka says: "Patience, Captain."
Rex says: "I can always hot-wire it, sir."
Ahsoka says: "Hurry up, Goldie."
Droids start shooting, a battle begins. R3-S6 closes the door.
Ahsoka says: "Rex, droid poppers, now!"
Rex says: "Droid poppers!"
Rex throws droid poppers that de-activate the droids. 'General Grievous arrives.
General Grievous says: "Take the captured R2 unit to my ship."
General Grievous says: "They sent a child to destroy my station?"
General Grievous says: "The Republic must be running out of Jedi."
Grievous activates his lightsaber.
Ahsoka says: "You must be General Grievous."
Ahsoka says: "He’s just another tinny, boys."
Ahsoka says: "Let’s scrap him like the rest."
A duel starts between Ahsoka and Grievous, he quickly defeats her. Grievous starts fighting Gold Squadron and quickly defeats them too. Ahsoka gets up, and stops him right before he’s about to kill Rex.
Ahsoka says: "Sorry to interrupt your playtime, grumpy, but wouldn’t you prefer a challenge?"
Grievous says: "That wouldn’t be you."
Grievous activates another lightsaber, and the duel between them starts again. R3-S6 opens a door and escapes, Ahsoka follows him.
Grievous says: "All units, stay on high alert."
Grievous says: "Watch out for a second Jedi loose in the station."
SEPARATIST SECRET LISTENING POST.
Anakin Skywalker finds R2-D2.
Anakin Skywalker says: "R2!"
He engages into a fight with the droids securing R2-D2.
Anakin says: "Hang on, R2!"
The droids escape with R2-D2.
SEPARATIST SECRET LISTENING POST CORRIDORS.
General Grievous says: "Where is the fight that you promised me, youngling?"
Ahsoka Tano is hiding. Captain Rex contacts her.
Captain Rex says: "Ahsoka, it’s me, Rex."
Captain Rex says: "Should we abort the mission?"
Ahsoka Tano says: "No, complete the mission."
Ahsoka Tano says: "Set the charges and rendezvous at the landing bay."
Ahsoka says: "That’s an order, Rex."
Ahsoka says: "I’ll keep the general busy."
(Rex to Gold Squadron says: "Ahsoka out."
(Rex to Gold Squadron says: "She’s distracting Grievous."
(Rex to Gold Squadron says: "Come on."
(Rex to Gold Squadron says: "We still got a job to do."
(Rex to Gold Squadron says: ")"
Grievous says: "Come here, child."
Grievous says: "I’m looking for you."
Grievous says: "So far, you have failed to impress me."
Ahsoka says: "Goldie, over here."
R3-S6 turns his lights on.
Ahsoka says: "Goldie, no!"
Grievous finds Ahsoka.
Grievous destroys the communicator.
Grievous says: "Your friends won’t help you."
Grievous says: "You’re stuck with me."
Ahsoka escapes, once again.
SEPARATIST SECRET LISTENING POST.
Anakin Skywalker says: "You have something that belongs to me."
Him and the MagnaGuards fight, he destroys them, rescuing R2-D2, who also saves him from a surviving MagnaGuard.
Anakin says: "Thanks, R2."
R2-D2 expresses his happiness to see him again.
Anakin says: "It’s great to see you too, buddy."
Anakin says: "You don’t look so good."
Anakin says: "You okay?"
Anakin calls Gold Squadron.
Anakin says: "Rex?"
Anakin says: "Rex, can you hear me?"
Anakin says: "R3?"
Anakin says: "R3, is that you?"
Anakin says: "I’ve got R2."
Anakin says: "I’ll meet you back at the landing bay."
Anakin ends the call. R2-D2 asks about R3-S6.
Anakin says: "R3?"
Anakin says: "Uh, yeah, I had to get a replacement droid."
R2-D2 expresses his jealousy.
Anakin says: "Look, sorry, R2."
Anakin says: "It was Obi-Wan’s idea."
Anakin says: "Look we’ll talk about this later."
Anakin contacts Twilight Ship.
Anakin says: "Twilight, this is Skywalker."
Anakin says: "Rendezvous at the south landing bay immediately for evacuation."
Random Clone says: "Acknowledged, General."
Random Clone says: "I’m on my way."
SEPARATIST SECRET LISTENING POST.
General Grievous says: "R3, what have you to report?"
Ahsoka Tano understands R3-S6 has been a Separatist all along.
Ahsoka Tano says: "That stubby little backstabber."
R3-S6 tells Grievous Skywalker has got R2-D2 with him.
Grievous says: "So Skywalker has come for his R2 unit."
Grievous says: "Go and make certain they do not escape."
SEPARATIST SECRET LISTENING POST SOUTH LANDING BAY.
The Twilight lands.
Anakin Skywalker says: "Great, there’s the Twilight."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Now where’s everyone else?"
Random Clone says: "Sir."
R3-S6 arrives.
Anakin says: "Hey, Stubby, where’s Ahsoka?"
Captain Rex and Gold Squadron arrive.
Captain Rex says: "General Skywalker."
Captain Rex says: "Explosives are in place, sir."
Captain Rex says: "Objective completed."
Anakin says: "Where is Ahsoka?"
Anakin is shocked and fears the worst.
Anakin says: "Alone?"
Rex says: "She distracted him while we completed the mission."
Rex says: "It was on her orders, sir."
Rex says: "The droid was with her."
Anakin says: "We’ve got to find her."
Rex says: "I can take you to her, sir."
R3-S6 locks all exits.
Anakin says: "What is the matter with you?"
Anakin says: "Are you trying to get us killed?"
A lot of droids are activated by R3-S6.
Rex says: "I’ve got a bad feeling about this, sir."
Anakin says: "That double-crossing droid is a spy."
They engage into a fight with the numerous droids.
SEPARATIST SECRET LISTENING POST.
General Grievous catches Ahsoka Tano by the throat, and takes her lightsaber.
General Grievous says: "Another lightsaber to add to my collection."
General Grievous says: "My spy droid, R3, has trapped your precious master."
General Grievous says: "When I’m finished with you, he’s next."
Ahsoka Tano says: "You’re wrong."
Ahsoka Tano says: "He’s gone by now, and he’s going to blow up your precious spy station."
Grievous says: "Not this time."
SEPARATIST SECRET LISTENING POST SOUTH LANDING BAY.
Anakin Skywalker says: "Captain, trigger the explosives."
Captain Rex says: "But, sir, we’re still in the station."
Anakin says: "You just let me worry about the details."
Rex says: "Sir, yes, sir."
Rex triggers the explosives. Ahsoka Tano, on her side, uses the detonation to escape Grievous and join Gold Squadron. Grievous flees the Listening Post on his ship.
Anakin says: "R2, I need you to get the hangar door open."
Anakin says: "See if there are any controls on the outer platform."
Ahsoka joins the fight, and R3-S6 starts a duel with R2-D2.
Ahsoka Tano says: "So, what did I miss?"
Anakin says: "Oh, the usual."
Anakin says: "It was foolish of you to take on Grievous by yourself."
Ahsoka says: "Well, I was leading the mission, and it seemed like a good idea at the time."
Anakin says: "Did he tell you your stubby little gold droid pal works for him?"
Ahsoka says: "He might have mentioned it."
Ahsoka says: "I guess we were all fooled."
Rex says: "General Skywalker, there are fuel cells over here."
Anakin says: "Get ready, Rex."
R2-D2 manages to open the exit door.
Ahsoka says: "R2 did it."
Anakin says: "Of course he did it."
They escape onboard the Twilight. Anakin sees R2-D2 is missing.
Anakin says: "R2, where are you?"
Anakin takes his fighter and goes saving R2-D2, who is still fighting R3-S6.
Random Clone says: "General Skywalker has gotten into his fighter."
Rex says: "Where’s he going?"
Ahsoka says: "He’s going after R2."
Anakin says: "I’ll be right back."
Anakin says: "Don’t wait for me."
R2-D2 defeats and kills R3-S6, Anakin arrives in his fighter.
Anakin says: "Come on, R2."
Anakin, R2-D2 and the Twilight escape. The Secret Listening Post crashes. It is destroyed.
TWILIGHT SHIP.
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "So let me get this straight, Anakin."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "You risked the mission, all your men, even your Padawan, to save a droid."
Anakin Skywalker says: "R2 found the listening post, and he saved our lives."
Anakin Skywalker says: "We couldn’t just leave him there, Obi-Wan."
Obi-Wan says: "Oh, Anakin."
Ahsoka Tano says: "I’m glad we got R2 back, Master."
Ahsoka Tano says: "But Obi-Wan does have a point."
Anakin says: "Ahsoka, I knew you would complete the mission."
Anakin says: "Besides, R2 is more than a droid."
Anakin says: "He’s a friend."