Narrator says: "Viceroy Gunray escapes!"
Narrator says: "En route to Coruscant to stand trial for war crimes, evil Separatist leader Nute Gunray has broken free of his Jedi escort."
Narrator says: "With the help of Count Dooku's sinister agents, the villainous viceroy has made a daring getaway."
Narrator says: "Alerted to the bold prison break, Jedi Master Kit Fisto has traced the stolen ship to a remote system, hoping to recapture Gunray and return him to justice."
Kit Fisto says: "I know we're in the middle of nowhere, R6, but that's the Republic beacon we're looking for."
Kit Fisto says: "Contact the Outer Rim command."
Kit Fisto says: "Master Luminara, I have tracked the location of our stolen ship to the Vassek system."
Master Luminara says: "So has your old Padawan, Nahdar Vebb."
Master Luminara says: "He's already on the surface."
Kit Fisto says: "It'll be great to see Nahdar again."
Ahsoka Tano says: "I'll transmit the coordinates for the rendezvous point."
Ahsoka Tano says: "And Master Fisto, sorry we lost that slimy double-dealer."
Kit Fisto says: "Don't worry, Ahsoka, we'll catch Gunray yet."
Ahsoka Tano says: "Good hunting."
Kit Fisto says: "Well, I can't see anything either."
Kit Fisto says: "You'll be fine, R6."
Kit Fisto says: "Just keep a lookout for me, okay?"
Kit Fisto says: "Nahdar."
Kit Fisto says: "Congratulations on passing the trials."
Kit Fisto says: "I'm sorry the war prevented me from seeing your traing through to the end."
Nahdar Vebb says: "You were missed, Master, but it is an honor to finally serve beside you as a Knight."
Commander Fil says: "General, we've pinpointed the tracking beacon's location to the south end of the gorge."
Kit Fisto says: "Then let's have a look."
Nahdar Vebb says: "Allow me to show the way."
Kit Fisto says: "Charming."
Kit Fisto says: "Let's not keep the Viceroy waiting."
Commander Fil says: "Niner, Bel, look after the ships."
Niner says: "Yes, sir."
Bel says: "Yes, sir."
Kit Fisto says: "No guards?"
Kit Fisto says: "That's odd."
Nahdar Vebb says: "The entrance looks sealed."
Commander Fil says: "We specialize in making entrances."
Nahdar Vebb says: "This will make less noise."
Kit Fisto says: "Patience, the both of you."
Kit Fisto says: "A second look usually pays off."
Kit Fisto says: "What's this?"
Kit Fisto says: "I sense there's something here."
Commander Fil says: "Scanners are negative, General."
Niner says: "Well, that was something."
Nute Gunray says: "All droids stay on guard."
Nute Gunray says: "Be ready for anything."
Battle Droids says: "Roger, roger."
Nute Gunray says: "Double shifts for everyone."
Battle Droid says: "Uh, Viceroy?"
Nate Gunray says: "You must protect me at all costs."
Battle Droid says: "Uh, Viceroy, the Jedi are here."
Nate Gunray says: "I know they're near."
Nate Gunray says: "Once those Jedi pick up my trail, they never leave me alone."
Battle Droid says: "They're right behind you."
Nate Gunray says: "What?"
Nate Gunray says: "Where?"
Nate Gunray says: "Do something."
Nate Gunray says: "You!"
Nate Gunray says: "Blast them!"
Kit Fisto says: "I didn't forget to teach you restraint, did I, my old Padawan?"
Nahdar Vebb says: "I am sorry, Master."
Nahdar Vebb says: "I got carried away."
Kit Fisto says: "Those who have power should restrain themselves from using it."
Nate Gunray says: "Lieutenant."
Nate Gunray says: "Did you get them?"
Nahdar Vebb says: "No, but we have you, Viceroy."
Nate Gunray says: "You have nothing, Jedi fools."
Nate Gunray says: "I welcome you to your doom."
Nahdar Vebb says: "The tracking beacon."
Nahdar Vebb says: "They knew we were coming."
Kit Fisto says: "I should have known Gunray wasn't here."
Kit Fisto says: "At the first sight of us, he would have run off screaming like the coward he is."
Count Dooku says: "I apologize for the deception, Master Jedi."
Kit Fisto says: "Count Dooku."
Kit Fisto says: "You have a great talent for unexpected appearances."
Count Dooku says: "It's a shame you came so far to be frustrated."
Count Dooku says: "While the Viceroy is unavailable for capture, allow me to offer you an alternative prize."
Commander Fil says: "This has got to be a trap."
Kit Fisto says: "It looks like Dooku is trying to catch someone, and we're the bait."
Nahdar Vebb says: "But who has the trap been set to catch?"
Nahdar Vebb says: "Shall we find out?"
Kit Fisto says: "This place looks like a shrine to that strange warrior."
Kit Fisto says: "This is the lair of General Grievous."
General Grievous says: "Yes, my lord?"
Count Dooku says: "General, the ongoing stalemate in the war has become unacceptable."
Count Dooku says: "There is concern you have lost your focus."
Count Dooku says: "Lord Sidious demands more dramatic results, more dead Jedi."
General Grievous says: "You expect victory over Jedi, but all you give me to fight them is battle droids."
Nahdar Vebb says: "These must be trophies taken from the Jedi he's murdered."
Nahdar Vebb says: "There are so many."
Kit Fisto says: "Why would Dooku want to set a trap for his best General?"
Nahdar Vebb says: "Are we the bait, or is Grievous the bait?"
Kit Fisto says: "We must consider who this trap is for."
Bel says: "General, your droid is tracking an incoming ship."
Bel says: "It matches a description of General Grievous' fighter."
Bel says: "It's headed our way."
Kit Fisto says: "Keep out of sight and stand by for further orders."
Nahdar Vebb says: "Capturing Grievous could turn the tide of the war."
Commander Fil says: "And if he doesn't know we're here, we could take him down easy."
Kit Fisto says: "Don't underestimate him."
Kit Fisto says: "We'll need a plan."
General Grievous says: "Guards?"
General Grievous says: "Gore?"
General Grievous says: "Gore, where are you?"
Kit Fisto says: "Welcome home, General."
Kit Fisto says: "I'm afraid I must request your surrender."
Kit Fisto says: "Cooperate, Grievous, and perhaps the Senate will be merciful."
General Grievous says: "It is you who shall get no mercy."
Kit Fisto says: "Cables!"
Commander Fil says: "Don't let him go!"
Commander Fil says: "We got him."
Kit Fisto says: "Don't let him cut the lines!"
Commander Fil says: "Hold him."
Nahdar Vebb says: "Don't make me destroy you."
General Grievous says: "Come and get me."
Nahdar Vebb says: "Cut him off!"
Commander Fil says: "Where'd he go?"
Nahdar Vebb says: "The clones got in the way."
Nahdar Vebb says: "I could have taken him."
Kit Fisto says: "Let's take care of our wounded."
General Grievous says: "Doctor, where are you?"
EV-A4-D says: "Don't be upset with me, master."
EV-A4-D says: "If you were a better fighter, we would not be having this conversation."
EV-A4-D says: "Look what you let those Jedi do to you."
EV-A4-D says: "You're a walking scrap pile."
EV-A4-D says: "What a mess."
EV-A4-D says: "It's going to take me forever to get you back into decent shape."
EV-A4-D says: "I'll go fetch your spare parts."
General Grievous says: "What happened to my bodyguards?"
EV-A4-D says: "They were remotely deactivated for recharge."
EV-A4-D says: "I thought you did it."
General Grievous says: "Lock down the perimeter."
Nahdar Vebb says: "Let me go after Grievous myself, Master."
Kit Fisto says: "Patience, Nahdar."
Kit Fisto says: "You may no longer be a Padawan, but you are not ready to take on Grievous."
Kit Fisto says: "It's time we retreated."
General Grievous says: "You are not going anywhere."
Kit Fisto says: "It looks like we're going to have to fight after all."
Commander Fil says: "Green scout to watcher base."
Bel says: "Copy."
Commander Fil says: "This is watcher base, over."
Commander Fil says: "Contact the fleet at Besteene."
Commander Fil says: "Inform them we've engaged Grievous and require reinforcements."
Bel says: "Right away, sir."
Bel says: "Better warm up the shuttle's long-range transmitter."
Kit Fisto says: "Get out of there, R6, now!"
Kit Fisto says: "R6?"
Kit Fisto says: "R6?"
General Grievous says: "You've run out of time."
Kit Fisto says: "Why don't you come out, General?"
Kit Fisto says: "Show us some of that Separatist hospitality."
General Grievous says: "Patience."
General Grievous says: "In the meantime, please experience all my home has to offer."
General Grievous says: "It has been prepared for uninvited guests like you."
Kit Fisto says: "General, I know you're watching."
Kit Fisto says: "We've seen the lower levels of your home."
Kit Fisto says: "We're not impressed."
General Grievous says: "Good, Jedi, good."
General Grievous says: "You will provide some sport for me yet."
General Grievous says: "Gore, time to entertain our guests."
Kit Fisto says: "Stand firm."
Kit Fisto says: "There might be worse things here than Grievous."
Commander Fil says: "It looks like you're right about that, sir."
General Grievous says: "Good-bye, Jedi."
Ev-A4-D says: "Master, the armor patches are getting cold, and contrary to your belief, I do have other things to do."
Ev-A4-D says: "Proceed with my repair."
General Grievous says: "Proceed with my repair."
EV-A4-D says: "Sometimes I wonder why you submitted to the changes."
General Grievous says: "Improvements."
General Grievous says: "I submit to no one."
General Grievous says: "I chose them."
General Grievous says: "Now get on with it."
EV-A4-D says: "There may be some discomfort."
Nahdar Vebb says: "Shoot him, commander!"
Nahdar Vebb says: "Grievous is going to pay for this."
Nahdar Vebb says: "I will destroy him."
Kit Fisto says: "I understand your pain, but you forget your teachings, Nahdar."
Kit Fisto says: "Revenge is not the Jedi way."
Nahdar Vebb says: "But in this war, strength prevails."
Nahdar Vebb says: "The rules have changed."
Kit Fisto says: "Perhaps you are the one who has changed."
Kit Fisto says: "Come now, we need to keep moving."
General Grevious says: "Let's see if Gore is finished playing with the Jedi."
General Grevious says: "Huh?"
General Grevious says: "Where are they?"
General Grevious says: "Gore?"
EV-A4-D says: "Master, you have an incoming transmission from Count Dooku."
Count Dooku says: "General, I understand the Jedi have infiltrated your lair."
Count Dooku says: "Your recent defeats at their hands have shaken my faith in your ability to lead the droid army."
Count Dooku says: "I'm sure you can understand my need to reassess your effectiveness."
General Grievous says: "You!"
General Grievous says: "You deactivated my guards."
General Grievous says: "You let the Jedi in here so you would test me."
Count Dooku says: "I do hope you emerge victorious."
General Grievous says: "Ha!"
General Grievous says: "Oops."
General Grievous says: "All right, Count."
General Grievous says: "I'll play your little game."
EV-A4-D says: "In your condition, you need your rest."
General Grievous says: "I will rest when the Jedi are dead."
Nahdar Vebb says: "You were right, Master."
Nahdar Vebb says: "That exit must lead to the control room."
EV-A4-D says: "Oh, what have we here?"
EV-A4-D says: "The uninvited guests."
Kit Fisto says: "Let's go."
EV-A4-D says: "Master, the Jedi are about to enter the control room."
Kit Fisto says: "Nahdar, inside, hurry!"
Nahdar Vebb says: "No, you go."
Nahdar Vebb says: "I will hold him off."
Kit Fisto says: "There's no time to argue."
Nahdar Vebb says: "We can't just run."
Nahdar Vebb says: "We must finish him."
Kit Fisto says: "Nahdar, hurry!"
Nahdar Vebb says: "I have been waiting for this."
Kit Fisto says: "Nahdar!"
General Grievous says: "Greetings, young Jedi."
General Grievous says: "Where is your Master?"
EV-A4-D says: "How exciting."
Nahdar Vebb says: "You will find out soon enough."
Nahdar Vebb says: "You can't defeat us all."
General Grievous says: "Of course I can."
EV-A4-D says: "Get him, master."
EV-A4-D says: "Kill him."
EV-A4-D says: "Wait."
EV-A4-D says: "Where's the other Jedi?"
EV-A4-D says: "Oh, no."
Nahdar Vebb says: "No."
General Grievous says: "I will kill you all."
General Grievous says: "Do you hear me, Jedi?"
Kit Fisto says: "R6?"
Kit Fisto says: "Is that you?"
Kit Fisto says: "Meet me at the south landing platform."
Kit Fisto says: "I'll be right there."
General Grievous says: "I'm coming for you next, Fisto."
Kit Fisto says: "I'll be gone by the time you get here."
Kit Fisto says: "R6, I'm at the platform."
Kit Fisto says: "Where are you?"
General Grievous says: "Going somewhere?"
General Grievous says: "Huh?"
Kit Fisto says: "You might have been a proud warrior once, but now you're just a pawn in Dooku's game."
General Grievous says: "I wield great power, Jedi fool."
Kit Fisto says: "That power will only consume you."
General Grievous says: "How quickly power can change hands."
General Grievous says: "Surrender, and I promise you will die quickly."
General Grievous says: "Stop him!"
Kit Fisto says: "Let's go home, R6."
General Grievous says: "Count Dooku, the Jedi have been defeated."
Count Dooku says: "Victory over the clones and the young Jedi was expected, but to best a Jedi Master This is truly an accomplishment worthy of recognition."
General Grievous says: "The Jedi Fisto escaped."
Count Dooku says: "So there is room for improvement."
Mace Windu says: "What about your former Padawan?"
Kit Fisto says: "His heart was in the right place, but he tried to answer Grievous' power with his own."
Yoda says: "To answer power with power, the Jedi way this is not."
Yoda says: "In this war, a danger there is of losing who we are."
End of Lair of Grievous.