Narrator says: "Hard-pressed Jedi and their valiant clone troopers have thwarted an insidious Separatist plot to plant bombs loaded with the deadly blue shadow virus in key Republic systems."
Narrator says: "Obi-Wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker have captured the vile scientist behind the nefarious scheme, Dr."
Narrator says: "Nuvo Vindi."
Narrator says: "Now the Jedi prepare to transport Vindi to the Republic capital for trial."
EASTERN SWAMPS.
Anakin Skywalker says: "That was close."
Anakin Skywalker says: "If that virus had escaped, everyone on Naboo would be dead now."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Oh, well."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Just another boring day saving the universe."
Anakin says: "All right."
Anakin says: "Let’s take this sleemo back to Theed so we can help Padmé and Ahsoka clean up down there."
TRADE FEDERATION LAB.
Commander Cody says: "Senator, you should see this; It’s one of the virus bombs."
Padmé Amidala says: "It looks like the chamber that holds the virus is missing."
Cody says: "That droid must’ve taken it."
Padmé says: "Sound the alarm."
The alarm starts chirping.
Meanwhile in the corridors.
Random Clone says: "How could droids have gotten a hold of the virus containers?"
Random Clone says: "I don’t know."
Random Clone says: "But I don’t want to be around when they set it off."
The little droid is behind them with the virus container.
Random Clone says: "We’ve already taken the virus containers out of these bombs."
Random Clone says: "We’ll just have to check them again."
EASTERN SWAMPS.
Nuvo Vindi says: "The virus is liberated."
Nuvo Vindi says: "You are doomed young Jedi, along with the rest of the planet."
TRADE FEDERATION LAB.
The little droid puts the virus container back into a bomb.
Random Clone says: "Hey you!"
The droid activates the bomb.
Random Clone says: "Get away from there!"
The bomb explodes, freeing the virus into the lab.
EASTERN SWAMPS.
Anakin says: "What was that?"
TRADE FEDERATION LAB.
Captain Rex says: "Virus leak."
Captain Rex says: "Get to the safe room."
Captain Rex says: "Come on!"
They start running, while every door around them is closing and the virus is “chasing” them.
Random Clone says: "There’s the safe room!"
Random Clone says: "No chance!"
Rex says: "Hurry!"
Rex says: "The doors are closing!"
The doors starts closing.
Ahsoka Tano says: "Don’t worry."
Ahsoka holds the door with the Force.
Ahsoka says: "Get inside captain!"
The clones and Rex get on the other side.
Rex says: "Hurry!"
Ahsoka jumps in and the door closes behind her.
EASTERN SWAMPS.
Anakin says: "Ahsoka what is going on down there?"
Ahsoka says: "The droids released the virus, but we managed to seal the lab."
Anakin says: "And Padmé?"
Ahsoka says: "Haven’t heard from her since the bomb."
TRADE FEDERATION LAB.
Padmé says: "Anakin, can you hear me?"
Padmé says: "Anakin!"
Anakin says: "Padmé, I’m here."
Jar Jar Binks says: "Where’s Ani?"
Anakin says: "Are you all right?"
Padmé says: "Yes, for the time being."
Padmé says: "Jar Jar and I were in a safety chamber when the alarm went off."
Padmé says: "We’re wearing protective suits."
Anakin says: "The virus is loose, but Ahsoka has sealed off the entire facility."
Padmé says: "Yes, but any remaining droids will try to break out."
Padmé says: "I’ll do what I can to stop them."
Padmé says: "I cannot let that virus escape."
Anakin says: "Be careful."
They end the call.
Padmé says: "Put this on."
She gives Jar Jar his helmet, he puts it on.
Padmé says: "Come on Jar Jar, we’re going to find Ahsoka."
Padmé says: "We’ll need her help to find those droids."
EASTERN SWAMPS.
Anakin ignites his lightsaber.
Anakin says: "Where’s the antidote, Vindi?"
Vindi says: "You mistake my role, Jedi."
Vindi says: "My job was to manufacture a plague, not to cure it."
Anakin says: "We don’t have time for games."
Obi-Wan says: "Patience, Anakin."
Obi-Wan says: "There’s more than one way to skin a womprat."
Anakin says: "I said, “where”?!"
Anakin says: "!"
Anakin moves his lightsaber closer to Vindi.
Vindi says: "Yes, kill me now and spare these old bones the blue shadow’s dire embrace, because once the first droid breaks out of that laboratory, all Naboo is doomed!"
Obi-Wan says: "Anakin, the fastest way to save Senator Amidala and Ahsoka is to get Vindi back to the capital and find an actual antidote."
Anakin puts away his lightsaber, they leave the swamps.
TRADE FEDERATION LAB.
Random Clone says: "No, no, no!"
Random Clone says: "Some of the virus got in here."
Random Clone says: "We didn’t close the door fast enough."
Rex says: "We may be dead men, but we could still stop those droids."
Ahsoka says: "Don’t worry."
Ahsoka says: "My master will find a cure for this virus."
Ahsoka says: "We’re not dead yet."
Padmé says: "Is anyone out there?"
Ahsoka says: "Senator Amidala, we’re trapped in the safe room at the end of complex “B”."
Padmé says: "We’ll be right there."
Padmé says: "Are you contaminated?"
Some clones start coughing.
Ahsoka says: "I’m afraid so."
THEED HANGAR.
Anakin, Obi-Wan and Vindi have arrived.
Captain Typho says: "Dr."
Captain Typho says: "Vindi, you’ll pay for your treachery."
Captain Typho says: "Take him away."
Obi-Wan says: "Now we’ll need to find an antidote."
Typho says: "I think I found an answer for you."
They follow him into a room.
Anakin says: "So you think you found a cure?"
Typho says: "Possibly."
Typho says: "A little-known extract made from reeksa root, a weed-like vine found only on Iego, the world of a thousand moons, deep in Separatist-controlled space."
Typho shows a hologram of the antidote.
Anakin says: "Let’s go."
Anakin says: "There’s no time for caution!"
Anakin says: "My Padawan is trapped down there, and so is Padmé!"
Obi-Wan gives him an awkward stare.
Anakin says: "I mean, Senator Amidala."
Typho says: "I applaud your courage, General Skywalker, but it’s suicide."
Typho says: "Once we contain the virus we can send troops."
Anakin says: "No, Obi-Wan and I can handle it."
Obi-Wan says: "I concur Anakin."
They leave Naboo.
THE TWILIGHT.
Obi-Wan says: "Padmé and Ahsoka will be fine."
Anakin says: "They will be, if we succeed."
They jump into hyperspace.
TRADE FEDERATION LAB.
Random Droid says: "All the doors are locked."
Random Droid says: "How are we gonna get out?"
Random Droid says: "It’s not our problem."
Random Droid says: "Boy, that’s a relief."
Ahsoka says: "Senator Amidala, where are you?"
Padmé says: "We’re right outside your safety room."
Ahsoka says: "Can you get the door open?"
Padmé says: "Go ahead, Jar Jar."
Jar Jar opens the door, letting the virus in.
Padmé says: "I’m sorry, Ahsoka."
Ahsoka says: "Don’t worry about us, Senator."
Ahsoka says: "We still have a job to do."
Padmé says: "There aren’t very many droids left."
Padmé says: "We saw some heading toward the south entrance."
Ahsoka says: "As long as we’re able, we’ll help you destroy those droids before they breach the compound."
Rex hands Padmé a blaster.
Padmé says: "You take the north corridor, and we’ll take the south."
They both move to positions.
Padmé says: "The droids are close."
Padmé says: "I can hear them cutting through the wall."
They engage the droids, and successfully destroy all but one.
The surviving droid is going to open the hatch.
Padmé says: "Don’t open that hatch!"
Random Droid says: "Ha!"
Random Droid says: "Too late!"
They fire at the droid and destroy him.
THE TWILIGHT.
Anakin and Obi-Wan have come out of hyperspace.
Obi-Wan says: "There it is, Iego."
Anakin says: "What do you make of this?"
Obi-Wan says: "It looks like a graveyard… of ships."
CLIFFHOLD.
Anakin and Obi-Wan have landed on Iego.
Anakin says: "Let’s go."
Some battle droids come toward them.
All Droids says: "Welcome to Iego."
All Droids says: "Roger, roger."
Obi-Wan says: "Anakin wait."
Obi-Wan says: "Wait!"
Anakin ignites his lightsaber and starts destroying them.
He suddenly stops, when seeing none of them are fighting back.
All Droids says: "Welcome to Iego."
Obi-Wan says: "Very impressive."
Obi-Wan says: "You just destroyed 17 defenseless battle droids without suffering a scratch."
The droid collapses.
Anakin says: "Eighteen, actually."
Random Droid says: "The venerable Jaybo Hood requests an audience."
Anakin says: "Jaybo?"
Obi-Wan says: "Jaybo?"
A kid arrives.
Jaybo Hood says: "Hey."
Jaybo Hood says: "You guys have any idea how long it took me to repurpose those droids?"
Anakin says: "You’re Jaybo?"
Jaybo says: "Well, do you?"
Obi-Wan says: "I apologize for my friend’s rather rash behavior."
Jaybo says: "Nine months, man."
Jaybo says: "It took me nine months."
Jaybo lies on a hammock, and then claps twice.
Random Droid says: "Oh, that’s our cue."
The droid gives Jaybo some fresh air.
Random Droid says: "Channel 2."
Some music starts playing out of the droid’s radio.
Anakin says: "How would a kid like you come by this many battle droids anyway?"
Jaybo says: "Simple."
Jaybo says: "When the Separatists took off, they left all this junk behind."
Jaybo says: "I got a whole warehouse full of ‘em right over there."
Obi-Wan says: "So you programmed them to serve you."
Jaybo says: "No reason to let a good droid rust, right?"
Anakin says: "Mmm-hm."
Anakin says: "Looks like you used a macro protocol to wipe them all simultaneously."
Anakin says: "Impressive."
Jaybo says: "I see you know your droids."
Jaybo says: "You’re Jedi, aren’t you?"
Jaybo says: "You want me to show you how I did it?"
Obi-Wan says: "Perhaps another time."
Obi-Wan says: "What we need now is reeksa root."
Obi-Wan says: "Do you know where we can find some?"
Jaybo says: "Here, there, everywhere."
Anakin says: "We don’t have time for games, kid."
Anakin says: "Where’s the root?"
Obi-Wan says: "What my friend is trying to say is that we are in a bit of a hurry."
Jaybo says: "Not anymore you’re not."
Jaybo says: "This system is haunted, cursed, whatever."
Jaybo says: "Anyway, Jedi or not, no one gets off this rock alive, not past Drol."
Random Droid says: "Drol?!"
Random Droid says: "!"
Obi-Wan says: "Drol?"
Jaybo says: "Yeah, Drol."
Jaybo says: "The phantom ruler of Iego."
Jaybo says: "He destroys anything that leaves the planet."
Jaybo says: "Fifty of the best star pilots in the galaxy have tried."
Jaybo says: "Fifty tried, fifty died."
Obi-Wan says: "I suppose that explains the ruined ships in the moonbelt."
Anakin says: "First things first."
Anakin says: "We’ll have to deal with this Drol later."
TRADE FEDERATION LAB.
Everyone is fighting together some droids.
Jar Jar says: "This-a help."
Jar Jar prepares himself to shoot the droids with a blaster.
Padmé says: "Jar Jar no!"
Jar Jar shoots Padmé.
Ahsoka says: "Senator!"
Rex says: "Senator, your suit’s been compromised."
Ahsoka says: "I’m so sorry."
Padmé takes her helmet off.
Padmé says: "Don’t blame yourself."
Padmé says: "These things tend to happen in a war zone."
CLIFFHOLD.
Anakin and Obi-Wan are going down the cliff to get some reeksa root.
Obi-Wan says: "Are you coming?"
Jaybo says: "You’ve gotta be kidding."
Jaybo says: "No way I’m going down there."
Anakin says: "You trying to tell us something?"
Jaybo says: "Don’t worry, it’s simple."
Jaybo says: "Follow the vines to the bottom, dig up the roots, but don’t touch the vine."
Obi-Wan says: "Aside from the obvious, why not?"
Jaybo says: "Because the plants don’t like it, and they have big sharp teeth."
Anakin says: "Teeth?"
Anakin says: "This is getting better by the minute."
Jaybo says: "And watch out for the flying xandu."
Anakin says: "What’s a xandu?"
Obi-Wan says: "I’m not sure."
A xandu comes out of nowhere and grabs Anakin.
Anakin says: "Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa."
Anakin says: "Whoa!"
Anakin says: "Master, hop on!"
Obi-Wan hops on the xandu, and they pull him down the pit.
Obi-Wan says: "This isn’t going to work!"
TRADE FEDERATION LAB.
Some droids are trying to exit the lab.
Random Droid says: "How are you doing up there?"
Random Droid says: "I’m almost through."
Ahsoka says: "There they are!"
She destroys the two battle droids, and then groans heavily.
Padmé says: "Ahsoka!"
Ahsoka says: "I’m all right."
CLIFFHOLD.
Obi-Wan says: "There, those are the roots we are looking for."
Anakin says: "Oh, poodoo."
The xandu drops them, and a plant prepares to attack them.
Obi-Wan says: "I have a bad feeling about this."
Anakin takes a shovel out, and Obi-Wan ignites his lightsaber.
Obi-Wan says: "Don’t take too long with that."
Anakin says: "I’ll go as fast as I can."
The plant is becoming more agressive.
Obi-Wan says: "Anakin, hurry."
Obi-Wan says: "Anakin, now!"
Anakin says: "Okay, okay."
Anakin says: "Got it."
Anakin puts the roots in Obi-Wan’s backpack.
Anakin says: "Hold still."
Obi-Wan says: "We’ve got to get out of here now."
Some plants start chasing them, but they successfully defeat them and climb up the cliff.
Jaybo says: "You made it!"
Jaybo says: "I knew you would."
Obi-Wan says: "Oh, did you?"
They go into the spaceport.
Jaybo says: "The place dried up once the spice convoy stopped running."
Jaybo says: "Out here, we’re just one of the millions of little backwaters no one cares about."
Jaybo says: "Those of us who are left can’t leave because of the curse."
Amit Noloff says: "Cursed we are, the planet is cursed."
Obi-Wan says: "Cursed by whom, my twitchy friend?"
Amit says: "The ghost of Drol, that’s who."
Anakin says: "A ghost?"
Amit says: "The spirit of the thousand moons, our protector and destroyer."
Obi-Wan says: "Superstition?"
Anakin says: "That’s one word for it."
Amit says: "Superstition, you say."
Amit starts playing a hologram recording.
Taqito says: "Can’t hold on much… Someone help me!"
The recording ends.
Jaybo says: "That was Taqito."
Jaybo says: "He was a friend of mine."
Amit says: "Try to leave this planet, and your fate will be the same."
Anakin and Obi-Wan leave onboard the Twilight.
Jaybo says: "Never make it past Drol."
THE TWILIGHT.
Obi-Wan says: "The ghost of Drol may be a local superstition, but something real blew up those ships."
Anakin says: "Real we can handle."
Jaybo says: "Too bad, I really liked those guys."
Anakin says: "Thanks for your help, kid."
Anakin says: "We couldn’t have done it without you."
Jaybo says: "Have you run into Drol yet?"
Obi-Wan says: "Not to worry Jaybo."
R2-D2 blips.
Anakin says: "What’s the matter R2?"
Anakin says: "Afraid of a ghost?"
An energy field is triggered.
Obi-Wan says: "There’s our ghost!"
Anakin says: "Lasers!"
Obi-Wan says: "We’ve triggered an energy field."
Cliffhold.
Obi-Wan says: "Turn the ship around."
Obi-Wan says: "We’ll never make it through."
Anakin turns the ship around.
Obi-Wan says: "The Separatists must’ve installed those lasers to prevent people from leaving the planet."
CLIFFHOLD.
Jaybo says: "They’re coming back!"
Anakin and Obi-Wan land.
Ahsoka says: "Master, can you hear me?"
Anakin says: "R2, amplify the signal."
R2 proceeds to do so.
Ahsoka says: "Destroyed all the battle droids inside the compound, Master."
Ahsoka says: "Naboo is safe from further contamination."
Ahsoka says: "I repeat; Naboo is safe."
Padmé says: "Promise me that no one will ever open this bunker."
The hologram ends.
Anakin says: "No!"
Anakin and Obi-Wan come out the ship.
Obi-Wan says: "Slow down, Anakin."
Anakin says: "Slow down?"
Anakin says: "Slow down?!"
Anakin says: "!"
Anakin says: "You saw them, Master."
Anakin says: "They’re dying!"
Obi-Wan says: "A great leap forward often requires first taking two steps back."
Anakin says: "And sometimes all it requires is the will to jump."
Obi-Wan says: "At least hear me out on this."
IEGO COUNCIL.
Obi-Wan says: "Citizens of Iego, Drol is not a ghost."
Obi-Wan says: "Rather it is a Separatist security system."
Amit says: "Nonsense!"
Amit says: "You were lucky to escape alive!"
Amit says: "Simple as that."
Anakin says: "And who says we didn’t make our own luck?"
Amit says: "The ghost of Drol does, that’s who!"
Obi-Wan says: "Did anyone inhabit Iego’s moons before the Separatists arrived?"
Amit says: "The angels, of course."
Obi-Wan says: "Angels?"
Some angels enter the room.
Random Angel says: "We were a peaceful people before the Separatists drove us from our homes and stole our moon."
Obi-Wan says: "And which moon was that?"
The random angel shows a hologram of the Iego system.
Anakin says: "The primary node, it must be near Millius Prime."
Obi-Wan says: "Hmm, vulture droids… Jaybo, can you reactivate those vulture droids?"
Jaybo says: "Sure."
Jaybo says: "I can even fly them by remote control."
Obi-Wan says: "Good."
Obi-Wan says: "We can have R2 fly the vulture droids as a decoy into the laser field."
Anakin says: "And since we know what we’re up against this time, we can destroy the laser emitter."
Obi-Wan says: "And cut a path right to Millius Prime."
TRADE FEDERATION LAB.
Everyone is coughing very hard.
Padmé says: "What a waste."
Rex says: "With all due respect, Senator…  It’s what these men were born to do."
Padmé says: "I hope that their sacrifice brings us closer to peace."
Ahsoka says: "It will, Padmé."
She falls unconscious, too weak.
Padmé says: "Ahsoka!"
CLIFFHOLD.
Jaybo says: "Ready, General Kenobi."
Anakin says: "Jaybo, activate the droids."
He proceeds to do so.
Anakin says: "Transfer control of the vulture droids to R2."
He again proceeds to do so, R2 takes control of the droids and they leave Iego.
THE TWILIGHT.
The energy fields starts surrounding them.
Obi-Wan says: "R2, intercept the lasers."
R2 proceeds to do so.
Obi-Wan says: "Send the vulture droids directly into the laser generator."
R2 again proceeds to do so, and the energy field is destroyed.
CLIFFHOLD.
Jaybo says: "Woah… You guys okay?"
Jaybo says: "Guys?"
Anakin says: "We’re fine kid."
Anakin says: "I’m afraid you’ll need some new droids to boss around, Jaybo."
Anakin says: "The ones you lent us are pretty much toast."
Obi-Wan says: "But the good news is that you’re now free to leave Iego whenever you choose."
THE TWILIGHT.
Anakin says: "R2, set a course for Naboo."
R2 proceeds to do so.
EASTERN SWAMPS.
The Republic have arrived alongside Anakin and Obi-Wan, and everyone that was inside the bunker is safe.
Anakin says: "Padmé."
Anakin says: "I spoke with the medical droid."
Anakin says: "He expects you to make a full recovery."
Padmé says: "I never lost faith in you."
Padmé says: "None of us did."
Anakin says: "Oh, that’s good to hear, ‘cause there were a few moments where we weren’t so sure of ourselves."
Padmé says: "Well, you did make it."
Padmé says: "By the way, your Padawan was brilliant."
Padmé says: "I trust I’ll see you soon, General Skywalker?"
Padmé says: "Of course, my lady."
Jar Jar is having trouble taking off his helmet.
Obi-Wan says: "I heard you were quite brave fending off the battle droids, Jar Jar."
He helps Jar Jar take his helmet off.
Jar Jar says: "Really?"
Obi-Wan says: "Senator Amidala suggested we offer you training to help hone your skills with a blaster."
Jar Jar says: "Really?"
Obi-Wan says: "Really."
Jar Jar says: "Oh, boy, I’m-a gonna be trained!"
Rex says: "I am not training him."
Anakin says: "You did a fantastic job today, Snips."
Ahsoka says: "All thanks to your training, Master."
Anakin says: "Yeah, you’re right."
Anakin says: "I probably do deserve most of the credit."
Anakin says: "But not all of it."
Ahsoka says: "Good thing I know you don’t mean everything you say."
Anakin says: "Pilot, get these two out of here."
Ahsoka says: "Thank you, Master."
They leave the swamps.