Narrator says: "As the war escalates in the Outer Rim, the Jedi knights are spread thinly across the galaxy."
Narrator says: "Many new clones are rushed into service to support their Jedi generals."
Narrator says: "Unfortunately, because of the relentless demands of battle, many young clones must join the struggle before their intensive training has been completed."
Narrator says: "These clones, manning of a whole network of tracking stations, are all that stands between the Republic and invasion."
Sentry says: "This is the deck officer checking in."
Sentry says: "Nothing going on."
Sentry says: "As usual."
Woman says: "You're listening to the grand army of the Republic broadcast."
Woman says: "The voice of the Outer Rim."
Woman says: "This next one goes out to the med-jumpers of the 224th."
Woman says: "Smugging it out on Membom."
Woman says: "Keep your heads down and your seals tight, boys."
Hevy says: "Yes!"
Hevy says: "Who's next?"
Hevy says: "Fives?"
Fives says: "Shouldn't you watching your scopes, Hevy?"
Hevy says: "Let's take a look."
Hevy says: "Well, you know?"
Hevy says: "All clear."
Hevy says: "Just like the last thousand times I looked at it."
Echo says: "Personally, I like that it's so quiet out here."
Echo says: "I can catch up on the reg manuals."
Hevy says: "Echo, what is wrong with you?"
Hevy says: "We should be out on the front lines, blasting droids."
Cutup says: "Leave him alone."
Cutup says: "They kept him in his growth jar too long."
Hevy says: "Yeah."
Hevy says: "You may not realize it yet, Fives, but you landed on the most boring post in the Outer Rim."
Droidbait says: "And one of the most important."
Cutup says: "Attention!"
Cutup says: "Sergeant on deck!"
Sergeant O'Niner says: "At ease!"
Sergeant O'Niner says: "Even though you're all new here, I shouldn't have to remind you that this quadrant is key to the Outer Rim."
Sergeant O'Niner says: "If the droids get past this station, they can surprise-attack the facilities where we were born on our home world of Kamino."
Sergeant O'Niner says: "There are some officers on the way, so I want everything squared away for inspection."
Sergeant O'Niner says: "Understood?"
Clone Troopers says: "Sir, yes, sir!"
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Still here, Anakin."
Anakin Skywalker says: "When was the last time you slept?"
Anakin Skywalker says: "I'll sleep after we find general Grievous."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Clone intelligence spotted him in the Balmorra system."
Anakin Skywalker says: "That was weeks ago."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Since then, he vanished."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Well, unlike you, maybe he's getting some much-need rest."
Wullf Yularen says: "Excuse me, general."
Wullf Yularen says: "Incoming transmission from commander Cody."
Commander Cody says: "General Kenobi, General Skywalker."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Cody."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "How goes the inspections?"
Commander Cody says: "The tracking station in Pastil is fully operational."
Commander Cody says: "Captain Rex and I are proceeding to the outpost in the Rishi system."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Good."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Report back once you've arrived."
Commander Cody says: "Copy that."
Commander Cody says: "Cody out."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Good man, that Cody."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Don't worry, Anakin."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "If general Grievous comes anywhere near this quadrant, we'll know about it."
Sentry says: "Sir, incoming meteor shower."
Sergeant O'Niner says: "Raise the shield."
Cutup says: "You wanted excitement, Hevy."
Echo says: "Right."
Echo says: "Meteor shower."
Commando Droid says: "Get these doors open."
Commando Droids says: "Roger, roger."
Sergeant O'Niner says: "CT-327, report in."
Sergeant O'Niner says: "Sentry, do you copy?"
Clone Trooper says: "Interference from the meteors?"
Hevy says: "I don't see him down there, sarge."
Hevy says: "You two, go find him."
Clone Trooper says: "Droids!"
Sergeant O'Niner says: "Sound the alarm!"
Hevy says: "They've disabled the beacon."
Sergeant O'Niner says: "Get a message to the fleet!"
Hevy says: "Sarge!"
Echo says: "That should slow those buckets down."
Hevy says: "This way."
Hevy says: "Hurry!"
Hevy says: "There's too many."
Commando Droid says: "The outpost is secure, general."
Commando Droid says: "We shut down the alarm and turned on the all-clear signal."
General Grievous says: "Excellent."
General Grievous says: "Keep that signal alive."
General Grievous says: "I don't want the Republic to find out we're coming."
Battle Droid says: "General, our spy on Kamino is making contact."
Asajj Ventress says: "All the preparations for your invasion are in order."
General Grievous says: "Good."
General Grievous says: "Our fleet is approaching the system."
General Grievous says: "We are almost at the rendezvous point."
Asajj Ventress says: "Very good, my Lord."
Asajj Ventress says: "I will await your arrival."
General Grievous says: "The destruction of Kamino will stop their production of clones for good."
Commander Cody says: "Rishi outpost, this is commander Cody."
Commander Cody says: "Do you copy?"
Commander Cody says: "Rishi outpost, please respond."
Commando Droid says: "Open, open Open comlink channel."
Commander Cody says: "Rishi outpost, come in."
Commander Cody says: "Rishi outpost, come in."
Sergeant O'Niner says: "Sorry, commander."
Sergeant O'Niner says: "We're, experiencing technical difficulties."
Commander Cody says: "This is the inspection team."
Sergeant O'Niner says: "Inspection?"
Sergeant O'Niner says: "Negative, negative."
Sergeant O'Niner says: "We, do not require an inspection."
Sergeant O'Niner says: "Everything is fine here."
Sergeant O'Niner says: "Thank you."
Commander Cody says: "We'll be the judge of that."
Commander Cody says: "Prepare for our arrival."
Sergeant O'Niner says: "Roger, roger."
Captain Rex says: "Something's not right here."
Commander Cody says: "Well, good luck."
Commander Cody says: "I'm putting you in charge of this one."
Fives says: "What do we do without the sarge?"
Hevy says: "Wait."
Hevy says: "Wait."
Hevy says: "Did you hear that?"
Echo says: "Yeah, what is that?"
Echo says: "It doesn't sound like droids."
Hevy says: "Don't forget about those giant eels."
Echo says: "I've never seen-- Cutup!"
Echo says: "What the hell was that?"
Sentry says: "That was an eel."
Sentry says: "Now, that's why we have the regulation not to go outside."
Echo says: "Let's move before it comes back."
Sentry says: "Poor Cutup."
Echo says: "Look!"
Echo says: "It's commander Cody."
Echo says: "It's the inspection team."
Commander Cody says: "This is not good."
Commander Cody says: "I don't see the deck officer anywhere."
Captain Rex says: "These boys are sloppy."
Captain Rex says: "There should always be an officer on duty."
Echo says: "We have to warn them."
Echo says: "Get on the comlink."
Captain Rex says: "I have a bad feeling about this."
Sergeant O'Niner says: "Welcome to Rishi, Commander."
Sergeant O'Niner says: "As you can see, the outpost is operating at peak efficiency."
Sergeant O'Niner says: "Thank you for visiting, and have a safe trip back."
Commander Cody says: "We need to inspect the base just the same."
Sergeant O'Niner says: "There is no need."
Sergeant O'Niner says: "Everything is fine and fully operational."
Sentry says: "It's no good."
Sentry says: "Their comlinks are on a different scramble set."
Hevy says: "I'll signal them with this flare."
Captain Rex says: "Take us to the Sergeant in command."
Sergeant O'Niner says: "Roger, roger."
Commander Cody says: "A droid attack flare?"
Commander Cody says: "Rex!"
Commander Cody says: "What the heck are you doing?"
Captain Rex says: "Relax."
Captain Rex says: "Just as I thought."
Captain Rex says: "Looks like one of those new commando droids."
Commander Cody says: "That flare must have come from the survivors."
Captain Rex says: "Ambush!"
Commander Cody says: "Those clankers have tough armor."
Captain Rex says: "We're cut off."
Captain Rex says: "Off the platform!"
Commander Cody says: "Copy that."
Commando Droid says: "No sign of them."
Commando Droid says: "They must have been pulverized."
Commando Droid says: "Resume defensive posts."
Captain Rex says: "Well, that sure complicates things, commander."
Captain Rex says: "No worse than that time on Tibrin."
Captain Rex says: "We had Jedi with us on Tibrin."
Commander Cody says: "They helped."
Captain Rex says: "Hands above your head."
Captain Rex says: "Take your sun bonnets off."
Commander Cody says: "Sir?"
Captain Rex says: "Take 'em off!"
Captain Rex says: "Now!"
Echo says: "Nice shot."
Captain Rex says: "The name's Rex."
Captain Rex says: "But you'll call me Captain or sir."
Clone Troopers says: "Sir, yes, sir!"
Commander Cody says: "I'm Commander Cody, your new boss."
Fives says: "My designation is trooper 27-5555, sir."
Hevy says: "We call him Fives."
Hevy says: "I'm Hevy."
Hevy says: "This is Echo."
Commander Cody says: "Where's your Sergeant?"
Echo says: "Dead, sir."
Echo says: "We're all that's left."
Captain Rex says: "Looks like we got ourselves a batch of shinies, Commander."
Echo says: "Shinies, sir?"
Captain Rex says: "That's right."
Captain Rex says: "Your armor, it's shiny and new, just like you."
Sentry says: "Sir, me and my batchers are trained and ready."
Sentry says: "We'll take back our post, shiny or not."
Captain Rex says: "There's hope for you yet, rookie."
Wullf Yularen says: "Commander Cody, do you copy?"
Wullf Yularen says: "Captain Rex, please respond."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "They should have checked in from the Rishi station hours ago."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "It appears your captain follows orders as well as you do."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Perhaps Cody is boring Rex with standard procedures and protocol."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "We need to work on our own boring procedures and figure out a strategy to find Grievous."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Right."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Admiral, let me know if you hear from Rex."
Captain Rex says: "Look sharp, rookies."
Captain Rex says: "As long as those tweezers occupy this post, our home planet of Kamino is at risk."
Sentry says: "But there's so many of them."
Captain Rex says: "Doesn't matter, kid."
Captain Rex says: "We have to retake this base, so we will retake this base."
Commander Cody says: "How do you propose we get through those blast doors, Rex, old boy?"
Captain Rex says: "I have a few ideas."
Comamndo Droid says: "What is that?"
Comamndo Droid says: "Unit 2-6, is that you?"
Captain Rex says: "Roger, roger."
Commando Droid says: "You sound strange."
Commando Droid says: "Is something wrong with your vocabulator?"
Captain Rex says: "Roger, roger."
Commando Droid says: "Take off your helmet."
Commando Droid says: "Let me see your faceplate."
Captain Rex says: "Roger, roger."
Commander Cody says: "This is never gonna work."
Commando Droid says: "Clones!"
Captain Rex says: "Roger, roger."
Captain Rex says: "Right."
Captain Rex says: "Let's move."
Echo says: "Permission to take point, sir?"
Captain Rex says: "I'm always first, kid."
Echo says: "Fives!"
Commander Cody says: "He's okay."
Commander Cody says: "Focus on the battle."
Echo says: "I got one!"
Sentry says: "Sorry, Echo."
Sentry says: "I jumped that one."
Echo says: "Like hell you did."
Commander Cody says: "Get to the window."
Commander Cody says: "It looks like we have more visitors."
Echo says: "It looks like a Separatist fleet."
Commander Cody says: "That's why they commandeered the outpost."
Commander Cody says: "They're mounting a full-scale invasion."
Captain Rex says: "We have to warn command."
Battle Droid says: "The Republic base is still transmitting the all-clear signal, but for some reason, our commando droids are not responding."
General Grievous says: "That base cannot be allowed to alert the Jedi that we're coming."
General Grievous says: "Send down reinforcements to investigate."
Hevy says: "Those clankers sabotaged our transmitter, and hard-wired the all-clear signal."
Hevy says: "It'll take time to repair."
Captain Rex says: "We don't have time."
Captain Rex says: "Look."
Fives says: "Well, buddy, you always said you wanted to be on the front lines."
Hevy says: "We can't protect the outpost long against that army of clankers."
Captain Rex says: "Then we'll destroy the outpost instead."
Hevy says: "But, sir, our mission is to defend this facility at all costs."
Captain Rex says: "We have to warn the Republic about the invasion."
Captain Rex says: "They'll take notice when the all-clear signal stops."
Fives says: "That's right."
Fives says: "When they stop receiving our beacon, they'll get the message something's wrong."
Captain Rex says: "We'll need every thermal detonator in the inventory."
Fives says: "It'll take more than a few detonators to destroy this outpost."
Echo says: "We can use the LT."
Echo says: "This moon freezes for over half the year."
Echo says: "We use Liquid Tibanna as fuel to heat the base."
Fives says: "Liquid Tibanna: highly explosive."
Captain Rex says: "Good."
Captain Rex says: "Bring the tanks here and prime the detonators."
Captain Rex says: "All right, listen up."
Captain Rex says: "There's only one target of interest in this sector: Kamino."
Captain Rex says: "It's the closest thing we clones have to a home."
Captain Rex says: "Today we fight for more than the Republic."
Captain Rex says: "Today we fight for all our brothers back home."
Captain Rex says: "Understood?"
Clone Troopers says: "Sir, yes, sir!"
Hevy says: "I think we can even the odds a bit, Commander, especially since they don't know we're here."
Hevy says: "This one here is mine."
Hevy says: "Big gun doesn't make a big man."
Battle Droid says: "Reinforcements reporting."
Battle Droid says: "Open up."
Hevy says: "Didn't say please."
Battle Droid says: "Clones!"
Battle Droid says: "Get 'em!"
Hevy says: "We could use a Jedi about now."
Wullf Yularen says: "Captain Rex, come in."
Wullf Yularen says: "Commander Cody, are you there?"
Wullf Yularen says: "General, there's still no response."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "How about the all-clear signal?"
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Is the base still transmitting?"
Wullf Yularen says: "Yes, sir."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "If something were wrong, Cody would contact us."
General Grevious says: "What is the status of the base?"
Battle Droid says: "We've run into some difficulties."
Battle Droid says: "There seem to be a few clones left, sir."
General Grevious says: "Then wipe them out."
General Grevious says: "We can't let a few puny clones stop us."
Commander Cody says: "Fall back to the op center."
Commander Cody says: "Move!"
Commander Cody says: "Rex, time's wasting."
Captain Rex says: "Almost ready."
Captain Rex says: "The handset isn't linked up with the detonator."
Captain Rex says: "Hevy."
Hevy says: "Yes, sir."
Captain Rex says: "This detonator isn't working."
Hevy says: "I'll take care of it."
Hevy says: "It'll be fixed in no time."
Hevy says: "You guys get out of here."
Captain Rex says: "Just make it fast."
Captain Rex says: "Those droids are getting close."
Hevy says: "There."
Hevy says: "That should fix it."
Hevy says: "This isn't good."
Hevy says: "There's got to be another way."
Battle Droid says: "The base is ours again, sir."
Battle Droid says: "The clones are fleeing."
Battle Droid Commander says: "Cowards."
Battle Droid Commander says: "Secure the area."
Captain Rex says: "Hevy, hit the-- Where's Hevy?"
Hevy says: "I'm on it, sir."
Captain Rex says: "Hevy, get out of there."
Hevy says: "The remote isn't working."
Hevy says: "I have to detonate it manually."
Battle Droid says: "Hold on there."
Battle Droid says: "Blast him!"
Captain Rex says: "Hevy."
Commander Cody says: "We've got to get up there."
Commander Cody says: "Back to the maintenance pipe."
Captain Rex says: "Let's move."
Hevy says: "It's no use."
Hevy says: "I know what I have to do."
Captain Rex says: "I don't like your tone, rookie."
Captain Rex says: "Soldier, come in."
Captain Rex says: "Are you there?"
Captain Rex says: "Soldier, come in!"
Captain Rex says: "Respond!"
Commander Cody says: "Hevy, come in."
Commander Cody says: "Come in, Hevy!"
Battle Droid says: "Do we take prisoners?"
Hevy says: "I don't."
Echo says: "Hevy always did hate that place."
Wullf Yularen says: "The all-clear signal has been disabled?"
Wullf Yularen says: "The Rishi base has stopped transmitting."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Grievous."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Sound the invasion alarm."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Let's get the fleet under way."
General Grievous says: "I didn't tell them to blow up the station."
Battle Droid says: "But isn't it good that the base is destroyed?"
General Grievous says: "Idiot!"
General Grievous says: "The Republic fleet."
General Grievous says: "We're outgunned."
General Grievous says: "Get us out of here."
Fives says: "We've got those tinnies on the run."
Fives says: "Thanks to Hevy."
Fives says: "Gunships."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "On behalf of the Republic, we thank you for your valiant service, and we honor your comrade's sacrifice."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Your new unit is lucky to have you."
Anakin Skywalker says: "I'd be proud to fight beside you anytime, anywhere."
Captain Rex says: "Congratulations."
Captain Rex says: "You're not shinies anymore."
Echo says: "With all due respect, sir, we failed our mission."
Echo says: "We don't deserve this honor."
Commander Cody says: "No, if it weren't for you, the Republic wouldn't have learned of the Separatists' invasion until it was too late."
Captain Rex says: "You showed me something today."
Captain Rex says: "You're exactly the kind of men I need in the 501st."
Echo says: "Sir, yes, sir!"
Fives says: "Sir, yes, sir!"
End of Rookies.