Narrator says: "Easy is the path to wisdom for those not blinded by ego."
Narrator says: "A deadly weapon unleashed!"
Narrator says: "The Separatist battleship “Malevolence” advances unopposed through Republic space, tearing apart any ship that stands in its path."
REPUBLIC WARSHIP.
Admiral Yularen says: "This strike force has been commissioned by the Senate to hunt down the enemy’s new battleship."
Admiral Yularen says: "As the bulk of our fleets are engaged on the front lines, we’ll be on our own."
Admiral Yularen says: "General Skywalker has prepared our attack strategy."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Thank you, Admiral."
Malevolence hologram appears.
Anakin says: "While our capital ships are vulnerable to the enemy’s attack, I believe a squad of bombers can outmanoeuvre their ion weapon."
Anakin says: "Our target will be the bridge and General Grievous."
Matchstick says: "The head clanker."
Matchstick says: "Skywalker’s getting pretty ambitious."
Anakin says: "Our bombers will attack at high speed to evade the enemy’s ion weapon."
Anakin says: "We’ll concentrate our firepower on the bridge superstructure, here."
Anakin says: "We destroy General Grievous and the ship will fall with him."
Anakin says: "Any questions?"
Matchstick says: "Just tell us where that metal head is, sir."
Broadside says: "Yeah, we’ve been waiting for a chance to take him out."
Anakin says: "Alright, men, settle down."
Anakin says: "We destroy Grievous, we can bring the war to a quicker end."
Anakin says: "Pilots, prepare your bombers."
End of the explanation, Plo Koon and Ahsoka Tano arrive.
Plo Koon says: "Skywalker, this is an aggressive plan."
Plo Koon says: "Are you sure your squadron can complete this mission?"
Anakin says: "Let’s ask them."
Anakin says: "Matchstick!"
Anakin says: "You think our boys can pull it off?"
Matchstick says: "Yes, sir!"
Matchstick says: "There hasn’t been a mission Shadow Squadron couldn’t complete."
Matchstick says: "That’s right."
Matchstick says: "Minimal casualties, maximum effectiveness."
Matchstick says: "That’s us."
Plo Koon says: "I admire your confidence, pilot."
Plo Koon says: "Even so, minimal casualties may be enough to prevent you from breaking Grievous’ defences."
Ahsoka Tano says: "Master Plo is right."
Ahsoka Tano says: "With Grievous on that ship’s bridge, it’s bound to be well protected."
Anakin says: "Don’t worry, Ahsoka."
Anakin says: "We’ll destroy that bridge, and Grievous along with it."
Plo Koon says: "Master Skywalker seems to inspire great confidence in his men."
Ahsoka says: "He does lead by example."
MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE.
General Grievous says: "So much for the Jedi escort."
Random Droid says: "The last transport is fleeing, General."
Random Droid says: "You’ve got them on the run."
Grievous says: "They won’t get far."
Grievous says: "Charge the plasma rotors!"
LAST TRANSPORT.
Random Clone says: "They’re moving to attack position, sir."
Random Clone says: "Still setting the coordinates."
Random Clone says: "Are we clear to make the jump to hyperspace?"
MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE.
General Grievous says: "Fire ion weapon!"
LAST TRANSPORT.
Random Clone says: "We’ve lost all power!"
MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE.
Random Droid says: "Boy, this is a lot more fun when they’re not shooting back."
Random Droid says: "I still can’t seem to hit anything."
General Grievous destroys the droid.
Count Dooku says: "Grievous, those battle droids are expensive."
Count Dooku says: "The Jedi are never that harsh with their clones."
Grievous says: "The care these Jedi show for their troops is a weakness."
Dooku says: "A weakness we shall continue to exploit."
Dooku says: "I have the coordinates for a new target."
Republic’s secret Outer Rim Medical Station Hologram appears.
Dooku says: "The Republic’s secret Outer Rim medical station."
Dooku says: "It is unprotected and treating over 60,000 wounded clones."
Dooku says: "We will do them a favour and put them out of their misery."
Dooku says: "Once you have destroyed it, there will be nowhere for the Jedi to send their wounded, and they will die."
Grievous says: "It will be a pleasure, my lord."
Dooku says: "I feel very confident leaving the ship under your command, General."
Dooku Hologram disappears.
Escape pods appear from the last transport.
Random Droid says: "General!"
Grievous says: "Target those escape pods!"
Grievous says: "I have a reputation to uphold."
REPUBLIC WARSHIP.
Ahsoka Tano says: "Which one’s mine?"
Anakin Skywalker says: "You’re with me."
Anakin Skywalker says: "You’ll be my gunner."
Ahsoka acts deceived.
Anakin says: "Somebody’s got to watch my back."
Ahsoka says: "Broadside could do that."
Ahsoka says: "Besides, you have R2."
Anakin says: "But I so enjoy your company, my Padawan."
Ahsoka says: "Just admit it."
Ahsoka says: "You don’t like my flying."
Anakin says: "Well, no, I… No, it’s not that."
Plo Koon and Admiral Yularen arrive.
Plo Koon says: "Skywalker."
Plo Koon says: "The enemy warship has attacked our convoy of medical transports near Ryndellia."
Ahsoka says: "Medical transports?"
Ahsoka says: "Only General Grievous would go after clones who can’t fight back."
Anakin says: "The Ryndellia system… Near Naboo!"
Anakin says: "Isn’t that where our medical base is?"
Anakin says: "I’ll bet that will be his next target."
Plo Koon says: "There are many star clusters in that area."
Plo Koon says: "With a ship that big, he will be unable to chart a course that’s less than 10 parsecs."
Anakin says: "Looks like we’re gonna have to take a shortcut."
Anakin says: "Admiral, warn that station what’s coming."
Plo Koon says: "This journey may be treacherous."
Anakin says: "We won’t lose anybody."
Plo Koon says: "I will come along and fly fighter escort."
Anakin says: "Any help is welcome, Master Plo."
Anakin says: "Just try not to fall behind."
Anakin and Admiral Yularen leave.
Ahsoka says: "I had a feeling you’d be coming along."
Ahsoka says: "Your ship has already been prepped."
SECRET OUTER RIM MEDICAL STATION.
Nala Se says: "Even if we had the transports, it is not possible to evacuate all of our wounded in time."
Admiral Yularen says: "You must try."
Admiral Yularen says: "You won’t stand a chance against that battleship."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Nala Se, I only just received word."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "I’ve contacted the Naboo."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "They are sending ships to help you."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "And I am on my way, as well."
Nala Se says: "Thank you, Master Jedi."
Holograms disappear.
Random Clone says: "Even if they reach us in time, do you really think they’re going to stop that thing?"
Nala Se says: "It is our only hope."
REPUBLIC WARSHIP BRIDGE.
Admiral Yularen says: "Launch the fighters."
SHADOW SQUADRON.
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "I hope you know what you’re doing, Anakin."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Well, if I don’t, I won’t be around to hear the “I told you so."
Obi-Wan says: "That’s reassuring."
Obi-Wan says: "Well, take your shortcut, and I’ll take the long way."
Obi-Wan says: "But you better be there before I arrive."
Anakin says: "I’ll be there, Obi-Wan."
Obi-Wan ends call.
Anakin says: "Shadow Squadron, tighten formation."
Anakin says: "Call in."
Shadow 2 says: "Shadow 2, standing by."
Shadow 3 says: "Shadow 3, standing by."
Shadow 4 says: "Shadow 4, standing by."
R2-D2 speaks to Ahsoka.
Ahsoka Tano says: "I know R2."
Ahsoka Tano says: "This is gonna be a tough one."
Anakin says: "Cut the chatter, Ahsoka."
Sadow 11 says: "Shadow 11, standing by."
Shadow 12 says: "Shadow 12, standing by."
Fighter Escort and Plo Koon arrive.
Plo Koon says: "Fighter escort ready."
Admiral Yularen says: "This is Admiral Yularen."
Admiral Yularen says: "You are cleared for hyperspace jump."
Admiral Yularen says: "Good hunting, sir."
Anakin says: "Thanks, Admiral."
Anakin says: "Alright boy, let’s go."
Matchstick says: "Broadside, if we make it through this one, drinks are on me."
Broadside says: "I can already taste it."
MALEVOLENCE IN HYPERSPACE.
General Grievous says: "What’s taking so long?"
General Grievous says: "I want to get there before too many wounded clones escape."
Random Droid says: "Sorry, sir."
Random Droid says: "The navicomputer has had to calculate a complex course around a large nebula near the medical station."
Grievous says: "They told me this ship was fast!"
SHADOW SQUADRON AND FIGHTER ESCORT.
Shadow Squadron and Fighter Escort leave hyperspace.
Anakin Skywalker says: "Okay, if we can just manage to navigate through my shortcut, we’ll be alright."
Plo Koon says: "A nebula can be very unpredictable."
Plo Koon says: "I advise caution."
Matchstick says: "Don’t worry about us, Master Jedi."
Matchstick says: "We can hold our own."
Matchstick says: "Right, Shadow Squadron?"
Ahsoka Tano says: "Does anyone care what the Padawan thinks?"
Anakin says: "Of course we care, Snips!"
Anakin says: "But we’re still going through that nebula."
R2-D2 conforts Ahsoka.
Ahsoka says: "Thanks, R2."
SECRET OUTER RIM MEDICAL STATION.
Random Clone says: "The evacuation is proceeding slowly, madam."
Nala Se says: "We will have to move the patients in stable condition first."
Nala Se says: "The more critically injured will have to wait."
Random Clone says: "What about the batch tanks?"
Random Clone says: "Many of those men can’t be moved at all."
Nala Se says: "I know, Commander."
Nala Se says: "Guide the patients that can be moved onto transports as quickly as you can."
Random Clone says: "At once, madam."
SHADOW SQUADRON AND FIGHTER ESCORT.
Matchstick says: "This soup is thick."
Matchstick says: "Can you see anything?"
Anakin Skywalker says: "Just keep your eyes on my thruster, Shadow 2."
Ahsoka Tano says: "They’ll have to."
Ahsoka Tano says: "The scanners are useless."
Anakin says: "This is old-fashioned flying."
Anakin says: "You have to feel your way through to stay on course."
Plo Koon says: "Skywalker is right, Ahsoka."
Plo Koon says: "Clear your mind, young one, and you will see the path."
Ahsoka says: "Right now, I can’t see anything at all."
Broadside says: "I always know where I’m going."
Matchstick says: "Yeah?"
Matchstick says: "Where’s that, Broadside?"
Broadside says: "I’m going to blow up that battleship."
Plo Koon says: "A clear path if ever there was one."
MALEVOLENCE IN HYPERSPACE.
Random Droid says: "Sir, the navicomputer indicates we only have one parsec to go."
General Grievous says: "Good."
General Grievous says: "We will maximise our casualties with this attack."
Random Droid says: "General, there’s an incoming transmission from Count Dooku."
Count Dooku Hologram appears.
Count Dooku says: "General Grievous, I have received intelligence from Lord Sidious."
Count Dooku says: "The Republic has launched a small strike force to attack the Malevolence."
Grievous says: "Let the Republic come!"
Grievous says: "Our ship is unstoppable!"
Dooku says: "Skywalker is leading the mission."
Dooku says: "Do not underestimate him."
Grievous says: "I assure you, Count, if anything, it is Skywalker who will underestimate this ship and its power."
SHADOW SQUADRON AND FIGHTER ESCORT.
Ahsoka Tano says: "So Skyguy, how did you know about this shortcut?"
Anakin Skywalker says: "It’s an old smuggler’s route."
Anakin Skywalker says: "The pilots used to talk about it on Tatooine."
Ahsoka says: "Smuggler’s route?"
Ahsoka says: "Ha!"
Ahsoka says: "That makes me feel better!"
Anakin says: "They call it Balmorra Run."
Plo Koon says: "Balmorra Run?"
Ahsoka says: "I think I’m picking up a contact."
Plo Koon says: "Skywalker!"
Plo Koon says: "Listen to me!"
Plo Koon says: "We need to turn around!"
Anakin says: "We can’t."
Anakin says: "Not if we’re gonna catch Grievous."
Ahsoka says: "Another contact!"
Ahsoka says: "This one’s much larger."
Plo Koon says: "Skywalker!"
Plo Koon says: "Balmorra’s the nesting ground of the giant Nearby mantas!"
Ahsoka says: "Another?"
Ahsoka says: "Another!"
Many giant Nearby mantas appear.
Anakin says: "Take evasive action!"
Ahsoka says: "Those gas-gulpers are huge!"
Plo Koon says: "Don’t shoot, or they’ll panic!"
Ahsoka says: "They’ll panic?"
Ahsoka says: "I’m about to panic!"
Ahsoka says: "There are so many of them!"
Matchstick hits a giant Nearby manta.
Matchstick says: "I’m hit!"
Matchstick says: "My stabiliser’s out!"
Anakin says: "Pull it together, Matchstick!"
Matchstick fixes the issue.
Matchstick says: "I’m okay."
Matchstick says: "I got it."
Ahsoka says: "These things are gonna make a meal out of us!"
Anakin says: "All wings, line up behind me!"
Random Clone says: "Roger that, boss."
Plo Koon says: "Hurry!"
Plo Koon says: "They will not follow us beyond the nebula."
Ahsoka says: "That one looks hungry."
Anakin says: "Nah, it’s just smiling at you."
Ahsoka says: "We’re coming out of it!"
They come out of the nebula.
Ahsoka says: "Let’s hope your shortcut paid off."
Anakin says: "We’re not far behind Grievous now."
REPUBLIC WARSHIPS.
Admiral Yularen says: "The medical station reports 50% of patients evacuated."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "That’s not good enough."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "They’ll never be finished before the enemy arrives."
Admiral Yularen says: "General Skywalker still has a chance to catch Grievous."
Obi-Wan says: "If he does, we have to be ready."
Admiral Yularen says: "Yes, sir."
SHADOW SQUADRON AND FLIGHT ESCORT.
Plo Koon says: "Shadow 2, what is the damage to your ship?"
Matchstick says: "Just a scratch, sir."
Plo Koon says: "We must not take any more unnecessary risks."
Plo Koon says: "If we lose even a single ship, our mission is that much closer to failure."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Understood, Master Plo."
Random Clone says: "Sir, another contact!"
Ahsoka Tano says: "I thought those things wouldn’t follow us."
Random Clone says: "Not following, coming out of hyperspace."
Random Clone says: "It’s a ship."
Random Clone says: "It’s the Malevolence."
MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE.
Random Droid says: "A squadron of Republic fighters is approaching."
General Grievous says: "Skywalker!"
General Grievous says: "Launch fighters and bring the ship around."
Random Droid says: "There are several medical transports surrounding the station."
Grievous says: "Target the transports first!"
Grievous says: "I want every single ship destroyed!"
Random Droid says: "Roger, roger."
Malevolence fires ion canon on transports and starts shooting at them.
Grievous says: "Ha!"
Grievous says: "This is too easy!"
SHADOW SQUADRON AND FIGHTER ESCORT.
Ahsoka Tano says: "We’ve got fighters coming in!"
Fighters arrive, space battle starts.
Anakin Skywalker says: "Hold it steady."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Come on, hold it steady."
MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE.
General Grievous says: "Charge the ion cannon and prepare to fire!"
Random Droid says: "But, sir, our fighters will be caught in the blast."
Grievous says: "Fire at my command!"
SHADOW SQUADRON AND FIGHTER ESCORT.
Anakin Skywalker says: "Get those fighters off of us!"
Ahsoka Tano says: "Your fancy flying is making it difficult!"
MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE.
General Grievous says: "Fire!"
Malevolence fires ion cannon.
SHADOW SQUADRON AND FIGHTER ESCORT.
Ahsoka Tano says: "Incoming!"
Anakin Skywalker says: "Make towards the edge of the ray!"
Anakin Skywalker says: "Now!"
Anakin Skywalker says: "Give it everything you’ve got."
Ahsoka says: "Shadow 2, your speed is dropping."
Ahsoka says: "What’s wrong?"
Matchstick says: "Nothing, sir."
Matchstick says: "Just trying to keep it together."
Anakin says: "You can make it, Matchstick."
Anakin says: "Hang on!"
Shadow 2 catches fire and comes down, Matchstick dies.
Random Clone says: "Watch out!"
Shadow 2 crashes on Shadow 8.
They escape the ion cannon.
Anakin says: "Shadow Squadron, check in."
Ahsoka says: "We lost Matchstick and Tag."
Ahsoka says: "Shadows 6, 7 and 10 were caught in the ray."
SECRET OUTER RIM MEDICAL STATION.
Random Clone says: "It looks as though Skywalker has failed."
Random Clone says: "He’s lost almost half his ships."
Random Clone says: "We should go, madam."
Nala Se says: "I will stay."
SHADOW SQUADRON AND FIGHTER ESCORT.
They are showered by blasts from the Malevolence.
Plo Koon says: "Stay on course."
Random Clone says: "This flak is heavy!"
Anakin Skywalker says: "All deflectors, double front!"
Ahsoka Tano says: "Master!"
Ahsoka Tano says: "We need a new plan!"
Anakin says: "We can make it, Ahsoka."
Anakin says: "Hang in there!"
MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE.
Random Droid says: "Sir, the enemy fighters are closing."
General Grievous says: "Let them come!"
General Grievous says: "Prepare ion cannon."
General Grievous says: "First we will destroy the medical station, then we will finish off Skywalker."
Random Droid says: "I have a bad feeling about this."
SHADOW SQUADRON AND FIGHTER ESCORT.
Anakin Skywalker says: "Watch those towers, boys!"
Random Clone says: "We’re too close!"
Random Clone says: "Loosen up!"
Random Clone gets shot at and crashes, dies.
MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE.
Random Droid says: "Ion cannon ready."
SHADOW SQUADRON AND FIGHTER ESCORT.
Anakin Skywalker says: "They’re targeting the station."
Anakin Skywalker says: "We’re running out of time."
Ahsoka Tano says: "Master!"
Ahsoka Tano says: "You can make it, but everyone else is getting shot down!"
Ahsoka Tano says: "Master!"
MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE.
Random Droid says: "Station has been targeted."
General Grievous says: "Start the ion cannon acceleration."
SHADOW SQUADRON AND FIGHTER ESCORT.
Plo Koon says: "If we can do enough damage, the weapon may overload when Grievous tries to fire."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Shadow Squadron, new target."
Anakin Skywalker says: "We’re taking out the starboard ion cannon."
MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE.
Random Droid says: "Ion cannon, 75% charged."
General Grievous says: "Hurry!"
SHADOW SQUADRON AND FIGHTER ESCORT.
They launch torpedoes onto ion cannons.
Anakin Skywalker says: "Torpedoes away!"
MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE.
General Grievous says: "Fire!"
Ion cannons explode, Malevolence starts fleeing the battle.
SHADOW SQUADRON AND FIGHTER ESCORT.
They approach the secret Outer Rim medical station.
Anakin Skywalker says: "Nice job, Ahsoka!"
MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE.
General Grievous says: "Damage report."
Random Droid says: "We’ve lost both primary weapons."
Random Droid says: "The hyperdrive has been disabled."
Grievous says: "Impossible!"
Random Droid says: "General, we are picking up three Republic warships entering the system."
Republic warships come out of hyperspace.
REPUBLIC WARSHIP BRIDGE.
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Anakin, do you copy?"
Anakin Skywalker says: "I’m here."
Obi-Wan says: "Congratulations."
Obi-Wan says: "It looks like your mission was a success."
Anakin says: "Partially, but Grievous is still alive."
Anakin says: "The battle was pretty rough on my men."
Anakin says: "We’re heading for the medical station."
Obi-Wan says: "We’ll take it from here."
Obi-Wan says: "But don’t worry, we’ll call when we need you."
Anakin says: "I’ll be waiting, Obi-Wan."
Ends call.
Obi-Wan says: "Alright, let’s finish what Anakin started."
Obi-Wan says: "Ahead full."
Republic Warships start shooting at Malevolence.
MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE.
General Grievous says: "Full retreat!"
General Grievous says: "Make for Separatist space."
SECRET OUTER RIM MEDICAL STATION LANDING BAY.
Plo Koon says: "Great job, Master Skywalker."
Plo Koon says: "Your leadership skills are most impressive."
Anakin Skywalker says: "You didn’t do so bad yourself."
Ahsoka Tano says: "Uh, excuse me, I believe it was my suggestion to change the plan."
Anakin says: "That’s kind of true, Snips."
Plo Koon says: "From a certain point of view."
Anakin says: "Make sure our ships are ready."
Anakin says: "We’ll only have a short time before Obi-Wan calls us for support."
Random Clone says: "Yes, sir."
Anakin and Ahsoka enter the medical station.
Nala Se says: "General Skywalker, I wanted to thank you for your valiant effort today."
Nala Se says: "Do not take the lives you saved lightly."
Anakin says: "I don’t."
Anakin says: "But I also can’t take the lives I lost lightly."
Nala Se says: "I see."
Anakin says: "If you will excuse me, I must prepare for the coming battle."
Anakin leaves.
Nala Se says: "Your master is a very curious Jedi."
Ahsoka says: "He is one of a kind."