Narrator says: "Planet Ryloth invaded!"
Narrator says: "Subjected to a brutal droid occupation, the people of Ryloth are starving under the blockade of a Separatist fleet."
Narrator says: "Evil Separatist leader, Wat Tambor, now rules with an iron fist."
Narrator says: "Answering a plea from the Senate, the Grand Army of the Republic mounts a bold offensive to liberate the system."
Narrator says: "It is up to Anakin Skywalker and his Padawan Ahsoka to make way for Obi-Wan’s ground assault."
LUCREHULK CLASS-BATTLESHIP.
Wat Tambor says: "Captain, are you prepared?"
Mar Tuuk says: "Our blockade is impenetrable."
Mar Tuuk says: "When the Republic attacks, they will get quite a surprise."
Tambor says: "I’m counting on you, Captain."
Tambor says: "We cannot allow the Republic to invade this planet."
The hologram disappears.
RESOLUTE BRIDGE.
Random Clone says: "Sir, we’re coming out of hyperspace."
Admiral Yularen says: "Prepare for battle."
Admiral Yularen says: "Raise the shields."
They come out of hyperspace.
RESOLUTE HANGAR.
Yularen says: "All ships prepare for launch."
Yularen says: "All ships prepare for launch."
Ahsoka Tano says: "This is my first time commanding a squadron, R7."
Ahsoka Tano says: "Let’s make a good impression."
R7 asks if she’s nervous.
Ahsoka says: "Of course I’m not nervous."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Hey, Snips."
Anakin Skywalker says: "This is it, your first command."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Don’t be nervous."
Ahsoka says: "I wish everyone would stop saying that."
Anakin says: "The men you’re commanding are depending on you with their lives."
Ahsoka says: "Thanks."
Ahsoka says: "That takes the pressure off."
Ahsoka says: "If I wasn’t nervous before, I sure am now."
Anakin says: "Hey, I have faith in you."
Anakin says: "I wouldn’t send you out there if I didn’t think you could handle it."
Anakin says: "May the Force be with you."
Anakin leaves.
Ahsoka says: "I hope."
She prepares her starfighter for departure.
Ahsoka says: "Okay, you boys ready?"
Axe says: "This is two—"
Axe says: "Axe."
Axe says: "Ready when you are, Skipper."
Slammer says: "Ready on three, this is Slammer over."
Kickback says: "Ready on four."
Kickback says: "Kickback checking in, over."
Swoop says: "Swoop to Blue Leader, Group Two is standing by, over."
Tucker says: "Tucker on five."
Tucker says: "Waiting for mother bird, over."
They leave the Resolute.
LUCREHULK CLASS-BATTLESHIP.
Tuuk says: "Commander."
Random Droid says: "Yes, Captain?"
Tuuk says: "Launch all fighters."
Random Droid says: "Roger, roger."
Vulture droids are launched.
RESOLUTE BRIDGE.
Anakin says: "Tell Ahsoka the fleet is ready."
Yularen says: "Commander, you’re all clear."
Ahsoka says: "Thank you, Admiral."
Ahsoka says: "Keep the cruisers back until we’ve softened them up."
Ahsoka says: "Well R7, are you ready for some action?"
BLUE SQUADRON.
Ahsoka says: "Axe, keep your squadron back and wait for my signal."
Axe says: "You got it, boss."
Ahsoka says: "Here we go."
They engage the Separatists.
Ahsoka says: "Alright boys, let’s clear a path."
Axe says: "Right away, sir."
Ahsoka says: "Pick your targets."
RESOLUTE BRIDGE.
Tucker says: "Dropped another bogey."
Tucker says: "You are clear, you are clear."
Axe says: "Nice work, Blue Five."
Tucker says: "Two new targets closing."
LUCREHULK CLASS-BATTLESHIP.
A hologram of the Resolute appears.
Tuuk says: "That is General Skywalker’s flagship."
Tuuk says: "He is leading this attack."
Random Droid says: "Sir, their fighters are closing fast."
Tuuk says: "Patience."
Tuuk says: "Let’s see what trickery the Jedi have planned for us."
BLUE SQUADRON.
Ahsoka says: "We’ve got their fighters occupied."
Ahsoka says: "Axe, time for us to make a run for the battleship."
Axe says: "Come on, you whiners."
Axe says: "Let’s get dirty."
LUCREHULK CLASS-BATTLESHIP.
Random Droid says: "Sir, a squadron of fighters are attacking."
Random Droid says: "They have a clear path right to us."
Tuuk says: "Now is the time to bring in our reinforcements."
Random Droid says: "Battlecruiser 17, Battlecruiser 19, attack position."
Two battlecruisers come out of hyperspace.
RESOLUTE BRIDGE.
Random Clone says: "Admiral, four more enemy cruisers have joined the blockade."
Yularen says: "We’ve got to warn those fighters."
BLUE SQUADRON.
Yularen says: "Commander, we’ve been caught in a trap."
Ahsoka says: "You’re overreacting, Admiral."
Ahsoka says: "I can get us through."
Ahsoka says: "Blue Squadron, stay the course."
Tucker says: "We’re all set, Blue Leader."
Yularen says: "I’m ordering you to return to the ship."
Yularen says: "We’re going to need your help."
Anakin says: "Ahsoka, it’s too risky."
Anakin says: "Get your pilots out of there."
LUCREHULK CLASS-BATTLESHIP.
Random Droid says: "Sir, we’ve got their fighters surrounded."
Tuuk says: "Good."
RESOLUTE BRIDGE.
Random Clone says: "She’s not turning around."
Yularen says: "Did you train her not to follow orders?"
BLUE SQUADRON.
Ahsoka says: "Axe, are you still there?"
Ahsoka says: "Come on, boys, stay in formation."
Axe says: "I’ve got two on my tail."
Axe says: "I can’t shake them."
Slammer says: "I can’t help you, Axe."
Slammer says: "I’ve got my own problem."
Slammer’s fighter is destroyed, he dies.
RESOLUTE BRIDGE.
Yularen says: "We’re far too outnumbered."
Yularen says: "They’re breaking our lines."
Anakin says: "Ahsoka we are in trouble."
Anakin says: "I order you back here."
BLUE SQUADRON.
Ahsoka says: "Alright, alright."
Ahsoka says: "Let’s go squad."
Ahsoka says: "Pull back to the command ship."
Axe says: "Why are we retreating?"
Ahsoka says: "We’re not retreating."
Ahsoka says: "We’re following orders."
RESOLUTE BRIDGE.
Yularen says: "Intensify deflector shields."
Random Clone says: "There are too many."
Random Clone says: "We can’t shoot them all down."
Yularen says: "Fighter squadron, where are you?"
Ahsoka says: "Cool your jets, Admiral."
Ahsoka says: "We’re almost there."
Yularen says: "It’s too late!"
Anakin says: "Run for it!"
A Vulture droid crashes in the bridge.
Ahsoka says: "Admiral, come in."
Ahsoka says: "Admiral!"
Yularen is hurt.
Anakin says: "Hang on, Admiral."
Yularen says: "Get us out of here."
Anakin says: "Get those fighters on board and prepare for lightspeed."
BLUE SQUADRON.
Captain Rex says: "All fighters return."
Captain Rex says: "We’re preparing for lightspeed."
Ahsoka says: "Uh, right."
Ahsoka says: "Axe, stand on it."
Ahsoka says: "We only have a few seconds to get on board."
Axe says: "Don’t worry about me, Skipper."
LUCREHULK CLASS-BATTLESHIP.
Random Droid says: "Captain, the Republic space forces are in retreat."
Random Droid says: "Shall we pursue?"
Tuuk says: "No, do not break our formation."
Tuuk says: "Let those cowards rot."
BLUE SQUADRON.
Axe says: "Ah, my power converters, they’re failing."
Ahsoka says: "Just stay with me, Axe."
Axe says: "Overload, overload!"
Axe’s starfighter is destroyed, he dies.
Ahsoka says: "Axe!"
They finally arrive to the Resolute.
Ahsoka says: "Close up the hangar doors."
Ahsoka says: "We’re home."
RESOLUTE BRIDGE.
Anakin says: "Jump to lightspeed."
They jump to lightspeed.
RESOLUTE HANGAR.
Anakin says: "Get your squad together."
Anakin says: "I need a headcount."
Anakin says: "We need to know how many we lost today."
Anakin goes to meet Ahsoka.
Anakin says: "Ahsoka, I am very disappointed in you."
Anakin says: "You not only disobeyed the Admiral, you disobeyed me."
Ahsoka says: "I thought I could knock out those battleships so when Master Obi-Wan arrived, he could get through."
Anakin says: "I know you meant well, Snips, but there’s a bigger picture that you’re not aware of."
Anakin says: "First rule of war, listen and obey your superiors."
Ahsoka says: "But sometimes you get carried away."
Anakin says: "All that means is that I understand what you’re going through."
Ahsoka says: "But I failed."
Anakin says: "It was a trap, Snips."
Anakin says: "It wasn’t your fault."
Ahsoka says: "I lost so many of my pilots."
Anakin says: "Take heart, little one."
Anakin says: "That’s the reality of command."
Rex comes to meet Anakin.
Rex says: "General, we’re approaching our staging area."
Anakin says: "Very good Captain."
Rex says: "Master Windu is requesting a report on our progress."
Anakin says: "Our progress, uh?"
Anakin says: "Well, we haven’t made any progress yet."
Rex says: "I’ll tell him, sir."
Anakin says: "No Rex, I’ll tell him myself."
Anakin says: "Thank you."
Anakin says: "As soon as we tend to our wounded, get me a damage report."
Ahsoka leaves.
Rex says: "Right away, sir."
He realizes Ahsoka left.
LUCREHULK CLASS-BATTLESHIP.
Tambor says: "Captain, what is the status of the enemy attack?"
Tuuk says: "The Jedi were crushed, of course."
Tuuk says: "They fled the system, their ships in flames."
Tuuk says: "I assure you, Emir, our blockade is very much intact."
Tambor says: "Congratulations are in order, Captain."
Tambor says: "But do not underestimate the Jedi."
The hologram ends.
Tuuk says: "Commander, bring me the archive data on General Skywalker."
Tuuk says: "I need to learn more about our opponent."
Random Droid says: "Roger, roger."
RESOLUTE BRIDGE.
Anakin says: "They caught us by surprise, Master."
Anakin says: "We were outnumbered."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "How many men did you lose?"
Anakin says: "We lost a cruiser, the Redeemer, plus an entire squadron of fighters."
Obi-Wan says: "And your Padawan?"
Anakin says: "No, uh, Ahsoka is fine."
Anakin says: "She’s just recovering from the battle."
Anakin says: "Losing her squad was hard to take."
Obi-Wan says: "Give her time, but Anakin, you will need her help if you’re going to get through this."
Anakin says: "I know."
Mace Windu says: "Your forces have been cut in half, Skywalker."
Mace Windu says: "If you can’t break that blockade before the next planetary rotation, we will have to postpone the invasion."
Anakin says: "The Twi’leks on that planet can’t wait forever, Master."
Anakin says: "The longer the Techno Union keeps control of Ryloth, the more difficult it will be to free them."
Mace says: "I agree."
Mace says: "We don’t have much time."
The holograms end.
Anakin says: "Rex, see if you can find Ahsoka."
RESOLUTE MEDICAL CENTER.
Ahsoka is checking on Yularen.
Medical Droid says: "He is stable for now."
Ahsoka says: "Admiral, I am so sorry."
Ahsoka says: "They’re all gone."
Rex enters the room.
Rex says: "Commander Ahsoka, General Skywalker is looking for you."
RESOLUTE HANGAR.
Anakin is fixing a starfighter.
Anakin says: "No, R2, the other one."
Anakin says: "Yeah, that’s it."
Anakin says: "That’ll do it."
Ahsoka arrives.
Ahsoka says: "You wanted to see me, Master?"
Anakin says: "Ahsoka, hand me that socket plug."
Ahsoka says: "Here."
Anakin says: "Thanks, Snips."
Anakin says: "How are you feeling?"
Ahsoka says: "Oh, I’m fine, Master, just fine."
Anakin says: "Ah, that’s good to hear."
Anakin says: "I’m gonna need you levelheaded if we’re gonna pull this thing off."
Ahsoka says: "Pull this off?"
Ahsoka says: "Pull what off?"
Anakin says: "I talked to Master Windu."
Anakin says: "We are to proceed with our attack on the blockade."
Ahsoka says: "What?!"
Ahsoka says: "!"
Ahsoka says: "Uh… we can’t!"
Anakin says: "Ahsoka, we have to break that blockade."
Anakin says: "The Twi’leks on Ryloth are depending on us."
Ahsoka says: "I understand that, Master, but we’ve lost so many men."
Ahsoka says: "Did we get more support?"
Anakin says: "No, we have to make do with the forces we have, and I need to come up with a plan."
Ahsoka says: "You don’t even have a plan?"
Anakin says: "Don’t worry, Ahsoka."
Ahsoka says: "No!"
Ahsoka says: "That’s what you said last time, and now everyone’s gone, my whole squadron!"
Anakin says: "Ahsoka!"
Ahsoka says: "We can’t just smash through that blockade."
Anakin receives a comlink call.
Anakin says: "Skywalker here."
Rex says: "General, the Defender is contacting us."
Rex says: "There seems to be a problem."
Anakin says: "All right, Rex."
Anakin says: "I’ll be right there."
He ends the call.
Anakin says: "Go back to your quarters and cool off."
Anakin says: "We’ll finish this talk later."
LUCREHULK CLASS-BATTLESHIP.
Tuuk says: "Not a conventional Jedi, to say the least, it would seem."
Tuuk says: "Hmm, Commander!"
Random Droid says: "Yes, Captain?"
Tuuk says: "Prepare all cannons and send the droids to their battle stations."
Random Droid says: "Yes, sir."
Random Droid says: "Um, Captain, are we under attack?"
Tuuk says: "No, but if Skywalker’s record indicates anything, he’ll be back."
RESOLUTE.
An alarm is loudly chirping.
Ahsoka says: "Trooper, what’s going on?"
Random Clone says: "The starship Defender is being evacuated, sir."
Ahsoka says: "Evacuated?"
Ahsoka says: "Why?"
Random Clone says: "I’m not sure, Commander."
Random Clone says: "We’re on our way to help General Skywalker in the hangar."
RESOLUTE HANGAR.
Anakin says: "Alright men, alright."
Anakin says: "This way."
Anakin says: "Come on."
Anakin says: "Move it."
Anakin says: "Move it!"
Anakin says: "Let’s go, no time to waste!"
Ahsoka says: "Master, I’m almost afraid to ask."
Anakin says: "I ordered the Defender evacuated."
Ahsoka says: "I can see that."
Ahsoka says: "Why?"
Anakin says: "Well, actually, I got the idea from you."
Ahsoka says: "Oh, great."
Anakin says: "Rex, take over, will you?"
Anakin says: "You said we just couldn’t smash through the blockade."
Anakin says: "I decided that’s partly true."
Anakin says: "You also implied that my plans put a lot of people at risk, and I agree with you on that one."
Ahsoka says: "That’s a first."
Anakin says: "I decided the only way we can break the blockade is if I pilot the Defender right into their battleship and take out the commander."
Ahsoka says: "What?"
Anakin says: "This way, I’m the only one at risk."
Anakin says: "Besides, the Defender is damaged already."
Ahsoka says: "You can’t be serious, Master."
Ahsoka says: "You’ll die!"
Anakin says: "No, I won’t."
Anakin says: "That’s where you come in."
Anakin says: "The enemy can’t stop that ship from taking them out."
Anakin says: "R2 and I will get in an escape pod and jettison right before impact."
Ahsoka says: "But the enemy fleet is right there."
Anakin says: "I know."
Anakin says: "And I’ll pretty much be defenseless in an escape pod, so I’m depending on you to engage the remaining fleet with the combined forces we have here."
Ahsoka says: "Master, I… uh… I can’t."
Anakin says: "You are responsible, Ahsoka."
Anakin says: "These men are depending on you and this time, so am I."
Anakin says: "Attention!"
Anakin says: "Everyone, attention!"
Anakin says: "Alright men, listen up."
Anakin says: "I’m taking over the Defender, and I’m leaving Commander Ahsoka in charge."
Anakin says: "She’ll lead the second half of the mission when we engage what’s remaining of the blockade."
Rex says: "Try to leave some ships for us, General."
Anakin says: "Will do, Rex."
Anakin says: "Now, Commander Ahsoka will fill you in on the full plan."
Ahsoka says: "Master, wait!"
Anakin says: "Good luck."
Anakin leaves Ahsoka with the clones.
Rex says: "Awaiting orders, Commander."
Ahsoka says: "I’ll be on the bridge."
Rex says: "Well, you heard her boys."
Rex says: "Back to work."
Rex says: "Come on!"
Rex says: "Move it, move it!"
RESOLUTE BRIDGE.
Rex says: "Commander on deck!"
Ahsoka says: "At ease."
Rex says: "General Skywalker is contacting you."
A hologram of Anakin appears.
Anakin says: "Alright, Ahsoka."
Anakin says: "We’re ready to get on the way."
Ahsoka says: "Master, are you sure you won’t reconsider this?"
Anakin says: "This is the only way."
Anakin says: "Trust me."
Anakin’s hologram disappears.
Rex says: "Better fill us in, Commander."
Ahsoka says: "Right."
LUCREHULK CLASS-BATTLESHIP.
Tambor says: "Count Dooku has assured me the Republic forces are stretched thin in our sector."
Tambor says: "They should be unable to mount a counterattack."
Tambor says: "Any attempt to do so would be suicide."
Tuuk says: "Still, I am certain this Skywalker will return."
Tuuk says: "His ultimate defeat shall be my greatest victory."
Tambor says: "You admire Skywalker?"
Tuuk says: "As a general, yes."
Tuuk says: "His record shows he is a great warrior and I want him to know it is I who has beaten him."
RESOLUTE BRIDGE.
Rex says: "Well, I have to say, this plan is questionable."
Ahsoka says: "Yeah, but with their general destroyed along with their battleship, the droid commanders will be in chaos."
Anakin says: "Only temporarily, and there’s still General Skywalker to find in all that mess."
Random Clone says: "In our first attack, we had three fully armed cruisers, and we failed."
Rex says: "I wish General Skywalker had discussed this plan with us."
Rex says: "The odds are very much against us."
Ahsoka says: "They always are."
Random Clone says: "Yes, but normally we have General Skywalker to lead us in… I meant no offense, Commander."
Ahsoka says: "None taken."
LUCREHULK CLASS-BATTLESHIP.
Random Droid says: "Sir, an enemy ship is emerging from hyperspace."
Tuuk says: "I knew he’d return."
Random Droid says: "There is an incoming transmission, sir."
Tuuk says: "Ah, put it through."
An image of Skywalker appears.
Anakin says: "Greetings, Captain."
Tuuk says: "I know who you are, Skywalker."
Anakin says: "Well, my reputation precedes me then."
Anakin says: "I’ve been ordered to surrender myself, the entire crew of this vessel, and my ship in exchange for safe passage of food and medical supplies to the people of Ryloth."
Tuuk says: "A noble gesture, Jedi."
Tuuk says: "And your capture would make me the envy of the Separatist fleet."
RESOLUTE BRIDGE.
Random Clone says: "Sir, even if Skywalker is successful and destroys the battleship, how will we stand up to the combined firepower of the remaining frigates?"
Ahsoka says: "I thought about that, and well, I have an idea."
Rex says: "Go ahead, Commander."
Ahsoka says: "If we took the Resolute and angled her hull against the incoming frigates, the bridge and hangar deck would be relatively safe from their attack."
Ahsoka says: "We could draw them in and then use the bombers to outflank them."
Ahsoka says: "The bombers would be too fast, and they would be trapped."
Rex says: "Hmm."
Random Clone says: "I’m not sure about this, Commander."
Rex says: "If we were certain the shields would hold."
Random Clone says: "Perhaps a different strategy."
Random Clone says: "We need to take more time and plan."
Ahsoka says: "No!"
Ahsoka says: "We don’t have any more time."
Ahsoka says: "Master Skywalker needs me now!"
Ahsoka says: "He needs us now."
Yularen enters the bridge.
Yularen says: "The Commander is right."
Yularen says: "I know this strategy is very bold, but these circumstances call for drastic measures."
Random Clone says: "Then the strategy will work sir?"
Yularen says: "Well, will it?"
Ahsoka says: "Yes, it will."
LUCREHULK CLASS-BATTLESHIP.
Random Droid says: "We have completed the scan of the enemy ship."
Tuuk says: "And?"
Random Droid says: "The ship is heavily damaged."
Random Droid says: "All power is diverted to the forward shields."
Random Droid says: "There is only one life-form on board."
Tuuk says: "What?!"
Tuuk says: "!"
Random Droid says: "The ship is heavily damaged."
Tuuk says: "No, you insolent scraphead!"
Tuuk says: "Skywalker, what treachery is this?!"
Tuuk says: "!"
Tuuk says: "You have nothing to bargain with."
Anakin says: "In that case, I’ll be going."
Anakin says: "Oh, you can still have my ship."
Random Droid says: "Uh, sir, there’s a second Republic ship entering the system."
DEFENDER.
Anakin says: "She made it!"
Anakin says: "Boost the engines, and let’s get out of here."
R2-D2 proceeds to do so.
RESOLUTE BRIDGE.
Ahsoka says: "When those two ships collide, there’ll be chaos."
Ahsoka says: "We need that time to get General Skywalker’s pod into the tractor beam."
Rex says: "Right, Commander."
Ahsoka says: "I’ll command the fighter squadron."
Ahsoka says: "Wait for my signal to begin our attack."
Rex says: "Yes, sir."
LUCREHULK CLASS-BATTLESHIP.
Tuuk says: "All cannons, fire!"
Tuuk says: "Fire!"
Random Droid says: "We can’t stop it."
Random Droid says: "What should we do?"
Tuuk says: "You stay here."
Tuuk says: "I’ll be back."
Random Droid says: "Oh, that’s great."
The Defender collides with the Separatists.
ANAKIN’S ESCAPE POD.
Anakin says: "See, I told you it would work."
Ahsoka says: "Skyguy, we’re approaching your position."
Ahsoka says: "Stand by for retrieval."
Anakin says: "Right on time, Ahsoka."
RESOLUTE BRIDGE.
Yularen says: "I don’t think they’re going to attack, Commander."
Rex says: "We’ll have to retreat."
Ahsoka says: "No, wait."
Ahsoka says: "Remember they are droids."
Ahsoka says: "They’re just a little slow."
Ahsoka says: "They’ll figure it out."
LUCREHULK CLASS-BATTLESHIP.
Random Droid says: "I think the Captain left."
Random Droid says: "Who’s in charge?"
Random Droid says: "Not me."
Random Droid says: "Not me."
Random Droid says: "What should we do?"
Random Droid says: "Begin attack."
RESOLUTE BRIDGE.
Rex says: "Droids are attacking sir."
Yularen says: "Commander, on your order, commence flanking maneuver."
FIGHTER SQUADRON.
Ahsoka says: "Okay, boys, here we go."
Ahsoka says: "Follow my lead."
They engage the Separatists.
LUCREHULK CLASS-BATTLESHIP.
Random Droid says: "We’ve been outflanked."
Random Droid says: "Affirmative."
ANAKIN’S ESCAPE POD.
Anakin says: "That a girl, Ahsoka."
The Republic is destroying the blockade.
LUCREHULK CLASS-BATTLESHIP.
Tambor says: "Where is the Captain?"
Tambor says: "What is going on?"
Random Droid says: "He’s in an escape pod."
Tambor says: "Idiots!"
Tambor says: "The blockade has been broken."
Random Droid says: "Uh, where are those escape pods?"
FIGHTER SQUADRON.
Rex says: "Commander, the invasion fleet is coming out of hyperspace."
Obi-Wan says: "Ahsoka, this is Obi-Wan."
Obi-Wan says: "May we begin our landing?"
Ahsoka says: "Yes, Master."
Ahsoka says: "You’re cleared for ground assault."
Obi-Wan says: "I won’t even ask where the rest of Anakin’s fleet is, or why he’s in an escape pod."
Ahsoka says: "That’s probably for the best."
Ahsoka says: "Rex that reminds me; send a shuttle to pick up Master Skywalker."
ANAKIN’S ESCAPE POD.
Rex says: "General, you still there?"
Anakin says: "Yep, I’m just sitting here watching the show."
Anakin is picked up by a shuttle.