Narrator says: "A planet under siege!"
Narrator says: "Separatist forces mercilessly batter the beautiful and elegant world of Christophsis."
Narrator says: "Unable to defend themselves any longer, the people of Christophsis call on the Jedi for assistance."
Narrator says: "Hoping to save lives and prevent further destruction, Obi-Wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker plan a daring ambush which could turn the tide in the fight for this crucial star system."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Anakin, how are you doing over there?"
Anakin Skywalker says: "We're set."
Anakin Skywalker says: "I've got some guys here that are anxious to get going."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Glad to hear it."
Commander Cody says: "We're back, general."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Good."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "The show is about to begin."
Commander Cody says: "How's that cannon coming, boys?"
Chopper says: "We'll have this one back in business in no time, sir."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "The droids are advancing."
Chopper says: "I'm seeing a full battalion coming right on schedule."
Chopper says: "Tanks!"
Chopper says: "They brought tanks."
Chopper says: "A little closer."
Chopper says: "They're splitting up."
Commander Cody says: "What?"
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Something's gone wrong."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Prepare all troops for-- Abort the mission!"
Chopper says: "Our position's been compromised."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Obi-Wan, what's going on?"
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "We're cut off."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "The droids are onto us."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Gunship, come in."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Hawk, we need an e-vac in the south tower."
Hawk says: "Roger that, sir."
Hawk says: "We're coming."
Captain Rex says: "South tower?"
Captain Rex says: "We're in the north."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Not for long."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Rex, fire your cables."
Battle Droid says: "Blast them!"
Anakin Skywalker says: "This way is clear."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "How did you get over here?"
Anakin Skywalker says: "I improvised."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Now what?"
Captain Rex says: "Maybe this tactical droid will tell us how they knew our plan."
Tactical droid says: "The Republic army is in the north and south towers: level 46."
Captain Rex says: "It just doesn't make sense."
Captain Rex says: "Blast!"
Anakin Skywalker says: "Well, at least we're not the only ones having a bad day."
Captain Rex says: "Generals, they had all our intel."
Anakin Skywalker says: "That would explain the ambush."
Anakin Skywalker says: "How could we have left ourselves so vulnerable to a security breach?"
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "I don't think we did."
Anakin Skywalker says: "You think someone-- infiltrated our defenses?"
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Possibly."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "It'd have to be someone cunning and resourceful enough to gain access to all our plans."
Anakin Skywalker says: "But that's still wouldn't explain how they got our intel."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "No."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "You're right."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "They wouldn't act alone."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "They'd have someone working with them."
Commander Cody says: "A spy, sir?"
Commander Cody says: "But who would want to betray our troops to the Seppies?"
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Excellent question, Commander."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Perhaps it's time we made a visit behind enemy lines."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "I think we'll find our answers there."
Commander Cody says: "We'll get right on it."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "No, Captain."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "I need you here to find the security breach."
Commander Cody says: "You can count on us, sir."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "One more thing: this mission is extremely confidential."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "The spy could be anyone."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Let no one know of our mission."
Captain Rex says: "Understood, sir."
Commander Cody says: "Someone left this comlink on."
Commander Cody says: "Someone has been listening to everything we said."
Captain Rex says: "Hey!"
Captain Rex says: "Stop!"
Commander Cody says: "Who's that?"
Commander Cody says: "I'll follow him."
Commander Cody says: "You take the west corridor."
Captain Rex says: "I'm on it."
Captain Rex says: "He must have gone in the mess hall."
Commander Cody says: "We've got a big problem."
Captain Rex says: "Yeah."
Captain Rex says: "The only people in here are brothers."
Captain Rex says: "One of us?"
Captain Rex says: "Great, but which one?"
Commander Cody says: "We'll have to wait for his next move."
Commander Cody says: "Keep this to ourselves."
Captain Rex says: "Better contact the Jedi."
Commander Cody says: "I'm on it."
Battle Droid says: "Don't shoot."
Battle Droid says: "Just keep their communications jammed."
Battle Droids says: "Roger, roger."
Commander Cody says: "We can't reach General Kenobi."
Commander Cody says: "Whoever it is has blocked our communications."
Commander Cody says: "We're gonna have to find this guy ourselves."
Captain Rex says: "R2, come over here and plug in."
Commander Cody says: "What are you doing?"
Captain Rex says: "The guard got his messages out there somehow."
Captain Rex says: "We just got to find them."
Commander Cody says: "What do you think?"
Commander Cody says: "He just sat down and wrote a note?"
Captain Rex says: "You have to start somewhere."
Anakin Skywalker says: "We appear to have picked up some friends."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Indeed."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "In fact, I believe the number of eyes watching us has been steadily growing."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Great."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Perhaps this means our adversary has learned about our mission."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Perhaps it does."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Of course, nobody's tried to stop us yet."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Also true."
Anakin Skywalker says: "They want us to get to the Separatist headquarters, which means this is a trap."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "I imagine it is."
Anakin SKywalker says: "Well, that's unfortunate For them."
Captain Rex says: "R2's found something."
Commander Cody says: "What is it?"
Commander Cody says: "Is it the traitor?"
Captain Rex says: "Maybe."
Commander Cody says: "What is he looking for?"
Captain Rex says: "Wavelength interference, weak frequencies, spotty, irregular."
Captain Rex says: "See, how it shows up every few days then disappears?"
Captain Rex says: "Day to day, you wouldn't notice it."
Commander Cody says: "What?"
Captain Rex says: "It's the pattern."
Captain Rex says: "The band's only coming off one terminal in the whole base."
Captain Rex says: "Check it out."
Commander Cody says: "Hmm."
Commander Cody says: "Slick's barracks."
Commander Cody says: "Only Slick's men would have access to that terminal."
Captain Rex says: "Yeah."
Captain Rex says: "Slick's not gonna like that."
Commander Cody says: "No, he's not."
Commander Cody says: "But if one of his men is giving away our intel, we have to find him and sort this out."
Anakin Skywalker says: "No guards, no barricades, you'd think the Separatist headquarters would be better protected."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "But clearly, keeping us out is not what they intend."
Slick says: "No way."
Slick says: "My guys are the best."
Slick says: "No way they're capable of something like this."
Chopper says: "Something like what?"
Slick says: "You called them here?"
Captain Rex says: "Of course we did."
Captain Rex says: "We're getting to the bottom of this Now."
Slick says: "Look, let me have a few minutes with them first."
Slick says: "It's gonna hit them hard."
Slick says: "They trust each other, and if one of our own betrayed us I don't think that's necessary."
Commander Cody says: "Your men are tough, right?"
Commander Cody says: "Take a seat, gentlemen."
Commander Cody says: "We have a turncoat in our midst, and we think it's one of you."
Anakin Skywalker says: "So this is the belly of the beast."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Ventress."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "And here I thought this mission would be unpleasant."
Asajj Ventress says: "The pleasure's all mine, my dear Obi-Wan."
Asajj Ventress says: "I've missed you."
Jester says: "I don't know, I was doing the things I always do after a mission."
Captain Rex says: "Things like what?"
Jester says: "I'm sorry, sir."
Jester says: "I'm just a little nervous."
Jester says: "You're my C."
Jester says: "O."
Captain Rex says: "The way I figure it, you tell the truth, you got nothing to be nervous about."
Punch says: "Jester is telling the truth."
Punch says: "He cleans his weapon after every mission."
Punch says: "First thing, every time."
Punch says: "He's kind of obsessed that way."
Commander Cody says: "Is that right?"
Commander Cody says: "You were cleaning your weapon?"
Jester says: "Yes, sir."
Commander Cody says: "Go on the computer while you were in here?"
Jester says: "No, sir."
Jester says: "I didn't even power it up."
Commander Cody says: "You can check."
Commander Cody says: "Show me your weapon."
Commander Cody says: "Yep, freshly scrubbed."
Jester says: "The rag's over there in the corner."
Commander Cody says: "Good man."
Commander Cody says: "You."
Commander Cody says: "You were cleaning your weapon too?"
Punch says: "No, I was hungry."
Punch says: "I went back to the mess."
Punch says: "Right away?"
Captain Rex says: "Anyone with you?"
Punch says: "Sketch, sir."
Sketch says: "We got to the mess at the same time, got our grub, and sat together."
Captain Rex says: "Anyone else in the mess able to confirm what you two are saying?"
Sketch says: "Lots of guys there."
Sketch says: "Ask any of them."
Captain Rex says: "We will."
Slick says: "Captain, give me a moment with them."
Gus says: "No, it's okay, Sarge."
Gus says: "I got nothing to hide."
Gus says: "I was in the infirmary."
Gus says: "Got banged up pretty good by one of those clankers."
Gus says: "A med droid was fixing me up."
Gus says: "Doc's got all the records there if you want to check."
Captain Rex says: "So, Chopper, old boy, what's your alibi?"
Chopper says: "I was in the mess hall."
Sketch says: "No, you weren't!"
Sketch says: "I mean, you."
Commander Cody says: "If you know something, kid, you should speak up."
Sketch says: "Chopper came in a lot later."
Sketch says: "After everyone else."
Asajj Ventress says: "My loyal informant let me know you were coming."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Well, then, we thank you for your hospitality."
Captain Rex says: "Where were you before you went to the mess, Chopper?"
Chopper says: "Nowhere."
Chopper says: "Walking around."
Commander Cody says: "Son, you know we'll need a better answer than that."
Chopper says: "I was hiding at the south exit."
Chopper says: "I didn't want anyone to see me string these together."
Captain Rex says: "Battle droid fingers."
Chopper says: "I just I just wanted something back."
Chopper says: "I guess I felt like they owed me."
Gus says: "I always knew there was something deficient about you."
Slick says: "This isn't good, Chopper."
Slick says: "Lying about where you were, taking forbidden items from a battlefield."
Chopper says: "I know."
Chopper says: "I put up with the attitude 'cause you have skill."
Slick says: "But if you could break these rules, your whole character's in question here."
Chopper says: "Wait, no!"
Chopper says: "Hang on."
Chopper says: "I'm no spy!"
Slick says: "Chopper, we're all brothers."
Slick says: "But how can we trust anything you say now?"
Slick says: "It's okay."
Slick says: "We'll get you a proper investigation."
Slick says: "You don't have to say anything till the Jedi come back and talk to you."
Chopper says: "Maybe you should talk, sir."
Chopper says: "Tell them where you went."
Chopper says: "I was at the south exit, remember?"
Chopper says: "I saw you go in go in, sir."
Chopper says: "I saw you."
Slick says: "Chopper, I have been patient."
Chopper says: "Everyone else turned right toward the barracks and the mess."
Chopper says: "You turned left, toward the command center."
Chopper says: "Where were you going, sir?"
Commander Cody says: "Obviously, the kid feels cornered."
Commander Cody says: "Sergeant, what did you mean, "Till the Jedi come back"?"
Commander Cody says: "How did you know the Jedi were gone?"
Slick says: "I really wish you hadn't noticed that, sir."
Captain Rex says: "It's Slick?"
Captain Rex says: "Slick's the traitor?"
Commander Cody says: "I've got someone by the gunships."
Commander Cody says: "That's our Slick."
Commander Cody says: "Now that he's exposed, he has to get out of this base."
Captain Rex says: "There's no escape now, you piece of rankweed!"
Captain Rex says: "Move."
Captain Rex says: "Move!"
Commander Cody says: "He took out our weapons depot."
Captain Rex says: "He knew where we'd look."
Captain Rex says: "He's not trying to escape."
Commander Cody says: "He knows all our moves before we even make them."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Give up, Ventress!"
Asajj Ventress says: "I am all yours, Obi-Wan."
Asajj Ventress says: "You've served your purpose."
Anakin Skywalker says: "We have to get back."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Now!"
Asajj Ventress says: "It's already too late."
Asajj Ventress says: "So hard to know whom to trust these days, isn't it?"
Anakin Skywalker says: "What's the plan, Master?"
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Bringing us here was a mistake, my sweet."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "You've overestimated your abilities."
Asajj Ventress says: "Really?"
Asajj Ventress says: "Come and get me, boys!"
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "You didn't tell us you were bringing friends."
Asajj Ventress says: "Poor Obi-Wan."
Asajj Ventress says: "You've been betrayed."
Asajj Ventress says: "And now we're about to take control of this world."
Captain Rex says: "How do we get this guy?"
Gus says: "Sir."
Gus says: "Slick ran into the command center."
Commander Cody says: "You guys stay here."
Commander Cody says: "Seal the perimeter."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Anakin!"
Asajj Ventress says: "Prepare to march on the city."
Asajj Ventress says: "Have General Loathesome delay the Jedi as long as possible."
Asajj Ventress says: "I will need time to execute the next part of my Master's plan."
Tactical droid #2 says: "Yes, Mistress."
Commander Cody says: "Pretend you're Slick."
Commander Cody says: "What's in your head?"
Captain Rex says: "My cover's blown, it's time to go, but I decide not to use a ship because it's too obvious."
Commander Cody says: "The lockdown."
Captain Rex says: "He wants to get around the lockdown."
Captain Rex says: "He's blinded us by taking out the power."
Captain Rex says: "He could disable the entire security system."
Commander Cody says: "Yeah."
Commander Cody says: "But he knows we'd expect him to do that."
Captain Rex says: "Or does he?"
Captain Rex says: "Yeah, I see what you're getting at."
Commander Cody says: "Go to the south exit."
Captain Rex says: "What are you gonna do?"
Commander Cody says: "I'll stay here, get the power back up."
Commander Cody says: "That'll help."
Captain Rex says: "Got it."
Commander Cody says: "Hey, there, Slick."
Commander Cody says: "Gun's empty."
Captain Rex says: "You know what's funny, traitor?"
Captain Rex says: "We knew you'd never take a chance on the exits while they were blocked."
Slick says: "I'd stay here to open them myself first."
Slick says: "Just like you."
Captain Rex says: "Don't do a job till you've guaranteed the best odds, right?"
Slick says: "You knew I was here."
Captain Rex says: "Of course we knew."
Captain Rex says: "You think we wouldn't have a plan?"
Slick says: "I'm not the traitor."
Slick says: "You are!"
Slick says: "All of you just blindly following orders, for what?"
Slick says: "At least I got something out of all this suffering."
Captain Rex says: "I bet you sold out your brothers for some real shiny coin."
Captain Rex says: "Huh?"
Slick says: "Yes, she offered me money."
Slick says: "But she offered me something more important."
Slick says: "Something you wouldn't understand."
Slick says: "Freedom!"
Captain Rex says: "I think freedom's gonna have to wait, kid."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Slick?"
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "It was you?"
Captain Rex says: "He gave us a bit of a chase, sir."
Captain Rex says: "You couldn't be a greater disappointment."
Anakin Skywalker says: "How could you do this to your brothers?"
Slick says: "Only a Jedi would ask that."
Slick says: "It's the Jedi who keep my brothers enslaved."
Slick says: "We do your bidding."
Slick says: "We serve at your whim."
Slick says: "I just wanted something more."
Captain Rex says: "And all you had to do to get it was put the rest of us all at risk."
Slick says: "I love my brothers."
Slick says: "You're too blind to see it, but I was striking the blow for all clones."
Commander Cody says: "If you loved your brothers, you wouldn't have put them at risk."
Captain Rex says: "You betrayed everyone of us."
Commander Cody says: "Take him to lockup."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Were you able to salvage anything from the weapons depot?"
Captain Rex says: "Slick pretty much scorched the whole thing."
Captain Rex says: "That seemed to be what he was going for all along."
Commander Cody says: "We managed to save the heavy cannons, though."
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "That's good, 'cause there are about?"
Anakin Skywalker says: "The fight goes on, gentlemen."
End of The Hidden Enemy.