Narrator says: "Fail with honor rather than succeed by fraud."
Narrator says: "Dooku held for ransom!"
Narrator says: "After escaping nature by Jedi Knights Anakin Skywalker and Obi-Wan Kenobi, the villainous Count Dooku fell into the clutches of pirates led by the brigand Hondo Ohnaka."
Narrator says: "Eager to get custody of Dooku, the Republic agreed to pay Hondo a hefty sum in exchange for the Sith Lord."
DOOKU’S CELL.
Anakin Skywalker and Obi-Wan Kenobi wake up tied up.
Anakin Skywalker says: "Master?"
Anakin Skywalker says: "What happened?"
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "Well, I guess that pirate brew is stronger than we thought."
Anakin says: "I only took a sip."
Obi-Wan says: "We were drugged, obviously."
Anakin says: "Why would they risk losing the ransom?"
Obi-Wan says: "The deal appears to have changed."
Obi-Wan says: "They must be trying to triple their payday."
Count Dooku says: "A shrewd observation, Master Kenobi."
They realize Dooku is tied up as well.
Anakin says: "Oh, great, it’s you."
Dooku says: "I did warn you these pirates were devious."
Dooku says: "You will notice our shackles are bound together."
Dooku says: "I have tried to separate us, to no avail."
Anakin says: "It’s bad enough to be in the same cell, but could you at least spare me the sound of your constant chatter?"
Dooku says: "And while I hold my tongue, the two of you will devise a brilliant strategy for getting off this godforsaken planet?"
Anakin says: "Yes!"
Obi-Wan says: "Yes!"
Dooku says: "Excellent."
HONDO’S COMPLEX.
Turk Falso says: "I told you kidnapping the Sith Lord was a stroke of brilliance."
Turk Falso says: "I can almost smell that spice now."
Turk Falso says: "It’ll be worth twice as much to us on the black market."
Turk Falso says: "But I think we could’ve gotten a bigger ransom from the Separatists."
Hondo Ohnaka says: "You fool."
Hondo Ohnaka says: "Sometimes I wonder why I bother to keep you around."
Hondo Ohnaka says: "If we tried to ransom Count Dooku off to the Separatists, they would simply send their droid armies here to wipe us out."
Hondo Ohnaka says: "As my sweet mother always said, “Son, if one hostage is good, two are better."
Hondo Ohnaka says: "And three?"
Hondo Ohnaka says: "Well, that’s just good business."
Turk says: "How much do you think they’ll fetch?"
Turk says: "Don’t you worry about how much you’ll get your cut?"
Hondo says: "Just see to it that the Republic’s ransom gets here."
Hondo says: "Once we get the ransom for the Sith, then we’ll get the ransom for the Jedi."
Hondo says: "Thank you, mom!"
HONDO’S COMPLEX.
Turk says: "The spice is on its way."
Turk says: "Hondo asked me to go out and meet the Republic Senators and bring them here with the ransom."
Turk says: "But I want you to intercept that ship and force it down."
Turk says: "Be careful."
Turk says: "I want that spice intact."
Barb Mentir says: "It’s too risky."
Barb Mentir says: "What about Hondo?"
Turk says: "That nitwit couldn’t kill a nuna."
Turk says: "He depends on me for that."
Turk says: "I’ll tell him the ship was destroyed with everyone on it, including the spice."
Turk says: "By the time he finds out the truth, we’ll be long gone."
CHANCELLOR PALPATINE’S OFFICE.
Jar Jar Binks says: "Hidey ho, Chancellor, mesa have a question."
Palpatine says: "In a moment, Representative Binks."
Palpatine says: "Good work, Senator Kharrus."
Palpatine says: "I’m relieved you’re about to arrive at the pirate stronghold safely."
Palpatine says: "Captain Hondo, the leader of those brigands, will accept the ransom and turn Count Dooku over to the Jedi, and then they will bring him back with you."
Kharrus says: "Once we’ve landed, our signal will be strong enough to set up proper communications."
Palpatine says: "Thank you, Senator."
REPUBLIC SHUTTLE.
Commander Stone says: "Senator Kharrus, Representative Binks, take your seats."
Commander Stone says: "We are coming in for a landing."
Pilot Mack says: "The last time I went on one of these random missions, I spent three weeks in a dungeon."
Kharrus says: "Representative Binks, stop fooling around."
Kharrus says: "We’re landing."
Kharrus says: "Secure yourself."
Jar Jar says: "Mesa trying."
Jar Jar says: "Itsa stucken."
A ship comes behind them and starts shooting at them. It is Barb.
Mack says: "We’re under attack."
Kharrus says: "We’ve been betrayed."
Barb sends two missiles.
Mack says: "Missile closing."
Mack says: "Bank left!"
Jar Jar isn’t seated, he fools around and makes Mack come out from the cockpit.
Mack says: "What the… Jar Jar, what are you doing?"
Jar Jar says: "Ooh!"
Jar Jar says: "Sorry, mesa fix it."
Jar Jar presses a button and goes back in the cockpit with Mack.
Random Pilot says: "Mack, what’s going on back there?"
Mack says: "Sir, you must get out of the cockpit."
They’re hit by the two missiles.
Mack says: "We’re hit."
Mack says: "Sir, you must leave."
Mack says: "Get back into your seat."
Mack gets Jar Jar back in his seat.
Mack says: "We’re going down!"
DOOKU’S CELL.
Dooku is getting some food by making it force levitate.
Anakin says: "Don’t you think our priorities should be escape first, eat second?"
Dooku says: "Do control your protégé’s insolence so I can concentrate."
Obi-Wan says: "Anakin."
Anakin says: "What?"
Obi-Wan says: "Control your insolence."
Obi-Wan says: "The Count is concentrating."
Dooku gets a knife into the lock and frees them.
Dooku says: "Well done, if I do say so myself."
Obi-Wan says: "Most impressive."
REPUBLIC SHUTTLE.
The ship has crashed.
Jar Jar says: "Mesa no see Senator Kharrus."
Random Clone says: "Sir, over here."
Random Clone says: "I found the Senator."
Senator Kharrus is dead.
Jar Jar says: "Oh, no."
Jar Jar says: "He can’t be dead."
Stone says: "We’ve got to figure out a way to contact Coruscant."
FLORRUM.
Barb says: "They crashed into Doshar Field."
Turk says: "Good, good."
Turk says: "And you have the spice?"
Barb says: "Not exactly, no."
Barb says: "I think there are survivors."
Barb says: "We have to call it off."
Barb says: "Maybe we should tell Hondo."
Turk says: "No one tells Hondo anything!"
Turk says: "If anyone survived that crash, we’ll take care of them."
Turk says: "Trust me, we’re getting that spice."
HONDO’S COMPLEX CORRIDORS.
Anakin says: "We do know where we’re going, don’t we?"
Obi-Wan says: "Hush, Anakin."
Obi-Wan says: "We do know where we’re going, don’t we?"
Dooku says: "Quiet."
Dooku says: "I was brought this way when I was captured."
Dooku says: "It was open then."
Anakin says: "Hey, I found the door key."
Dooku says: "This is the way to the hangar."
Obi-Wan says: "Yes, but are you sure it’s safe?"
Anakin says: "The key works."
Obi-Wan says: "Is it safe?"
Dooku says: "Of course it is."
They open the door and find some pirates.
Obi-Wan says: "Right."
Random Pirate says: "Hold it right there, Jedi."
DOOKU’S CELL.
Anakin says: "What were we thinking, following a Sith Lord?"
Hondo says: "What to do, what to do, what to do?"
Hondo says: "I don’t want to kill you, per se."
Hondo says: "In fact, you seem like decent fellows."
Hondo says: "Even you, Count."
Hondo says: "This is just business."
Hondo says: "And once I get my money, we can go back to being friends."
Hondo says: "It’s very simple."
Hondo says: "Now, try not to complicate things by breaking out again."
Hondo leaves them tied up once again.
Obi-Wan says: "We have to get out of here before the Republic arrives with the ransom."
Dooku says: "For once, I agree with you."
REPUBLIC SHUTTLE.
Stone says: "Any luck repairing the homing beacon?"
Random Clone says: "No, sir."
Jar Jar says: "Yousa find rest, Senator."
Jar Jar says: "Those with good in their heart always passen too soon."
Random Clone says: "Sir, with the death of Senator Kharrus, are you now in command of the mission?"
Stone says: "Technically, no."
Random Clone says: "Then who is?"
Stone says: "Representative Binks is the highest-ranking person here."
Jar Jar says: "We be missing you, Senator."
Random Clone says: "Sir, this place is dangerous."
Random Clone says: "Look, those geysers are spitting out acid."
Jar Jar says: "These beasties don’t like the geysers neither."
Stone says: "What is it, Sergeant?"
Random Clone says: "How are we going to deliver the ransom to the Jedi and Count Dooku back?"
DOOKU’S CELL.
Obi-Wan is trying to force convince the guard.
Obi-Wan says: "You do not want to stand guard."
Guard says: "I do not want to stand guard."
Obi-Wan says: "You want to deactivate the cell bars and go out drinking."
Guard says: "I want to deactivate the cell bars and go out drinking."
The Guard deactivates the cell bars and goes out drinking.
Anakin says: "Not bad."
Dooku says: "Oh, yes."
Dooku says: "Most impressive, Master Kenobi."
REPUBLIC SHUTTLE.
Jar Jar says: "Whatsa that?"
Random Clone says: "You think this is trouble, sir?"
Stone says: "They could be the ones we’re supposed to deliver the ransom to."
Jar Jar says: "Or theysa the ones that be shooting us down."
The pirates, led by Turk, attack them.
Stone says: "You’re right, Binks."
Stone says: "Incoming!"
Stone says: "Form a circle!"
Random Clone says: "There’s not enough cover out here."
Random Clone says: "They are cutting us off from the shuttle."
Stone says: "We have got to regroup."
The pirates shoot a bunch of explosives. Some smoke is created, making it hard to see.
Random Clone says: "Follow me."
Random Clone says: "Let’s hide."
Stone says: "Come on, men!"
The pirates are left alone with the shuttle.
Random Pirate says: "Where’d they go?"
Random Pirate says: "I don’t know."
Random Pirate says: "Maybe they fell in the crater."
Turk says: "Find the spice."
Random Pirate says: "Should we look for the clones in the crater?"
Turk says: "Get back here!"
Turk says: "Once that geyser goes off, they’re broiled."
DOSHAR FIELD CRATER.
Jar Jar says: "Don’t worry."
Jar Jar says: "As long as those beasties are up there, we’re safe."
Stone says: "When they run, we run."
Jar Jar says: "See?"
Jar Jar says: "Mesa knew it was safe since the beasties are nearby."
The geyser starts preparing to go off.
Jar Jar says: "Uh-oh."
They are almost broiled to death.
Jar Jar says: "Woah!"
Stone says: "Come on, let’s go."
They go back to the shuttle, the pirates are gone.
Random Clone says: "Commander, you’re right."
Random Clone says: "The ransom’s gone."
Stone says: "Hmm."
Stone says: "I suggest we stay here and wait for the Republic to send the rescue party."
Jar Jar says: "Wesa can’t wait."
Stone says: "We don’t have much choice."
Jar Jar says: "Ani and Obi are waiting for us to deliver the spicen."
Stone says: "Those pirates are on speeders."
Stone says: "How are we gonna catch them?"
Jar Jar says: "Mesa be having a idea."
HONDO’S COMPLEX CORRIDORS.
Obi-Wan says: "Hurry it up, Dooku!"
Anakin says: "You should be more patient, Master."
Anakin says: "After all, the Count is an elderly gentleman and doesn’t move like he used to."
Obi-Wan says: "I suppose you’re right."
Dooku says: "I would kill you both right now if I did not have to drag your bodies."
DOSHAR FIELD.
Jar Jar, Stone and the clones have gotten onto the “beasties”’ backs.
Random Clone says: "Look!"
Random Clone says: "There they are!"
Jar Jar says: "Giddyup."
They start chasing the pirate. They get the spice back. Jar Jar is angry toward a pirate.
Stone says: "Let him go, sir."
Stone says: "We’ve got the spice back."
HONDO’S COMPLEX.
Anakin, Obi-Wan and Dooku get out of the complex.
Obi-Wan says: "Now we just have to get beyond that wall."
They jump and Anakin is left with Obi-Wan and Dooku, holding onto the edge of the wall.
Anakin says: "This is not going well."
Random Pirate says: "Don’t let them get away!"
Anakin says: "You’re too heavy."
Anakin says: "I can’t do it."
Anakin says: "Drop Dooku!"
Hondo shows up standing in front of Anakin.
Hondo says: "I guess this means we won’t be friends."
DOSHAR FIELD.
Stone says: "Right."
Stone says: "Now that we have the spice, we need to find the compound."
Stone says: "Anything to the south?"
Random Clone says: "Nothing, sir."
Random Clone says: "Who knows where that pirate stronghold is from here."
Random Clone says: "Well, look at that."
Random Clone says: "Power lines!"
Random Clone says: "They must lead somewhere."
Jar Jar says: "There’sa power, there’s be people, too."
HONDO’S COMPLEX.
Turk says: "Captain?"
Hondo says: "Well, Turk, did the Republic arrive with my spice?"
Turk says: "The Republic deceived us!"
Turk says: "They didn’t send a ransom."
Turk says: "They sent an army."
Turk says: "They ambushed us in Doshar Field."
Turk says: "I suggest we counterattack with tanks."
Hondo says: "Where are your men?"
Turk says: "I was the only survivor."
Turk says: "I think they will attack us to try and free the Jedi."
Hondo says: "I warned them."
Hondo says: "I didn’t want to torture anyone."
Hondo says: "But now… Even in a galaxy at war, you hope to find some honor."
Turk says: "Let me take our tanks."
Turk says: "I’ll make them pay."
Hondo says: "Go!"
Hondo says: "Stop them before they reach the compound."
Hondo says: "I will deal with the Jedi."
Turk says: "Yes, Captain."
DOOKU’S CELL.
Obi-Wan says: "We have to find a way out of here before Senator Kharrus and Jar Jar arrive, or we’ll look like fools."
Anakin says: "I think it’s time to lose the dead weight."
Obi-Wan says: "Anakin."
Some pirates enter the cell.
Random Pirate says: "Hey, you two, come with us."
DOSHAR FIELD.
Jar Jar says: "There be some bombad clankens coming this way."
Stone says: "What?"
Stone says: "“Bombad clankens”?"
Jar Jar says: "Mmm-hmm."
Jar Jar says: "Right there."
Stone says: "Where?"
Jar Jar says: "There!"
Jar Jar says: "Over there!"
Stone says: "Oh!"
Stone says: "You’re right."
Stone says: "Bombad clankers."
Stone says: "Representative Binks, we’re going to need your services for this part of the mission."
Jar Jar says: "Whosa?"
Jar Jar says: "Mesa?"
Stone says: "Yes, sir."
Stone says: "You are the Senate Representative."
Stone says: "We need you to go out there and negotiate with the pirates."
Jar Jar says: "Mesa no liken this idea."
Jar Jar says: "But I think itsa what Senator Kharrus woulda dosa."
Random Clone says: "He’s probably gonna get himself killed."
Stone says: "Don’t worry."
Stone says: "He’s smarter than he looks."
HONDO’S COMPLEX.
Anakin and Obi-Wan are ready to be tortured.
Obi-Wan says: "I take it the Republic didn’t arrive with the ransom."
Hondo says: "Your Republic obviously doesn’t want the Sith Lord."
Obi-Wan says: "They didn’t show?"
Hondo says: "Oh, oh, they did."
Hondo says: "They did show with a huge army that they thought would be enough to get the better of me!"
Hondo says: "Hondo!"
Anakin says: "That can’t be right."
Hondo says: "Are you calling me a liar?"
Anakin says: "Isn’t that kind of what you do for a living?"
Hondo says: "You reject my hospitality, refuse to wait in your cell and now you’re going to insult me?"
Obi-Wan says: "Anakin."
Anakin says: "What?"
Anakin says: "He is a pirate."
Obi-Wan says: "Yes, but this may not be the best time for you to speak."
Obi-Wan says: "At all, Anakin!"
They are electrocuted.
DOSHAR FIELD.
Random Pirate says: "What are you supposed to be?"
Jar Jar says: "Mesa Representative Binks."
Jar Jar says: "Mesa coming to deliver the spicen."
Random Pirate says: "Where’s the army Turk reported?"
Random Pirate says: "Don’t know."
Random Pirate says: "Let’s fry this one and look around."
Random Pirate says: "No."
Random Pirate says: "If he’s a Representative, he might be worth something as well."
Random Pirate says: "You!"
Random Pirate says: "Representative Bink!"
Random Pirate says: "We’ll take you to your Jedi friends so you can, uh, negotiate."
Jar Jar says: "Okey day!"
On the other side of the cliff.
Random Clone says: "Sir, they’re taking Representative Binks hostage."
Stone says: "Get ready."
Back to the pirates’ side, Jar Jar messes up and ends up destroying the power generator.
HONDO’S COMPLEX.
Hondo says: "What happened to the power?"
Hondo says: "I was having fun!"
Dooku escapes, and Anakin and Obi-Wan take back their lightsabers and take Hondo hostage.
DOSHAR FIELD.
Random Pirate says: "Hold it right there!"
Random Pirate says: "Kill him, kill him!"
Random Pirate says: "He’s no Representative, he’s a plague!"
Jar Jar says: "Whosa plaguea?"
Jar Jar says: "Mesa?"
Stone says: "I wouldn’t do that if I were you."
He hands out his gun and ends the conflict.
Stone says: "Nice work, sir."
HONDO’S COMPLEX EXTERIOR.
Barb says: "We’re leaving without the spice?"
Turk says: "It won’t be long until Hondo figures out what’s happened."
Dooku force chokes Turk. He makes Turk point his blaster at Barb.
Barb says: "What… What are you doing?"
Dooku makes Turk blast Barb and kills Turk. He escapes on their ship.
HONDO’S COMPLEX INTERIOR.
Hondo says: "What chance do you really have, Jedi?"
Hondo says: "Now, let me go, and I might let you live."
Anakin says: "Approach us, and he dies."
The pirate tanks come back.
Hondo says: "Looks like your forces were destroyed, Jedi."
Jar Jar gets out of the tank.
Jar Jar says: "Ani!"
Jar Jar says: "Obi!"
Anakin says: "Jar Jar?"
Jar Jar says: "Mesa have arrived with the spicen."
Obi-Wan says: "Excellent, Jar Jar."
Obi-Wan says: "Assuming the Pirates still have Count Dooku to trade."
They watch Dooku get off the planet.
Anakin says: "Well, that answers that question."
Hondo says: "So what now, Jedi?"
Hondo says: "You’re going to arrest me?"
Obi-Wan says: "No."
Obi-Wan says: "Anakin, release him."
Anakin says: "What?"
Obi-Wan says: "Captain, you have nothing we want."
Obi-Wan says: "And since we’re not prisoners anymore, you have no bargaining power."
Jar Jar says: "What?"
Jar Jar says: "Yousa was in bombad trouble?"
Jar Jar says: "Mesa rescued you."
Anakin says: "No, Jar Jar, we weren’t in any trouble."
Obi-Wan says: "Let’s leave on even terms."
Pirates and clones are menacing toward each other.
Hondo says: "Hold."
Hondo says: "Hold."
Hondo says: "Jedi, after everything, you’re just going to walk away?"
Obi-Wan says: "We have no quarrel with you and we seek no revenge."
Hondo says: "Indeed."
Hondo says: "Very honorable, Master Jedi."
Obi-Wan says: "Oh, Captain, you will find that Count Dooku does not share our sense of honor."
Obi-Wan says: "And he knows where you live."
They finally leave Florrum.