Narrator says: "Arrogance diminishes wisdom."
Narrator says: "Republic outpost overrun!"
Narrator says: "The Jedi have lost all contact with the clone security force stationed on the bleak snow-covered planet of Orto Plutonia."
Narrator says: "Obi-Wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker, accompanied by dignitaries from the nearby moon of Pantora, are sent to investigate the disappearance of the clone troopers on the desolate and forbidding landscape."
ORTO PLUTONIA.
The Republic forces arrive on the planet.
Obi-Wan Kenobi says: "And this is the planet’s tropical zone."
Anakin Skywalker says: "It’s not Tatooine, that’s for sure."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Captain Rex!"
Anakin Skywalker says: "Have your men survey the area."
Anakin Skywalker says: "Place as many sensor beacons as you can before dark."
Captain Rex says: "Right away, sir."
Captain Rex says: "Unload that gear!"
Captain Rex says: "Let’s move!"
Obi-Wan says: "Why would the Republic want an outpost way out here?"
Anakin says: "The Chairman of Orto Plutonia requested it?"
Anakin says: "But why?"
Chairman Chi Cho and Senator Riyo Chuchi arrive.
Chi Cho says: "General Kenobi."
Obi-Wan says: "Chairman Cho, Senator Chuchi."
Obi-Wan says: "I suggest you wait here until we can secure the area."
Cho says: "I respect your judgment, General Kenobi, but I will go where I choose."
Cho says: "This is sovereign Pantora territory."
Anakin says: "I thought this planet was uninhabited, and therefore it’s not aligned."
Cho says: "Our moon of Pantora is the only civilization in this system."
Cho says: "I’m the one who asked the Senate to protect this planet."
Cho says: "This wasteland belongs to us."
Obi-Wan says: "With all due respect, Chairman, this is for the Senate to decide, not us."
Cho says: "Ah, but the Jedi report to the Senate, which is Senator Chuchi of Pantora."
Riyo Chuchi says: "Technically speaking, Master Jedi, the Chairman is correct."
Riyo Chuchi says: "Since the planet is uninhabited, the moon of Pantora reserves the right to continue as its protectorate."
Obi-Wan says: "Point taken, Senator."
Obi-Wan says: "Anakin, stay here with the Senator and the droids while we secure the base."
GLID STATION INTERIOR.
They find helmets of dead clones posted on spikes.
Rex says: "I don’t get it."
Cho says: "It must be Separatists."
Obi-Wan says: "I’m not sure."
GLID STATION EXTERIOR.
C-3PO says: "Might we go inside, Master Anakin?"
C-3PO says: "R2 would like to get out of the cold."
Anakin says: "We’ll go inside as soon as Obi-Wan signals that it’s safe."
GLID STATION INTERIOR.
Cho says: "Do you think the Separatists are building a forward base to attack Pantora?"
Obi-Wan says: "I don’t think we’re dealing with Separatists."
Obi-Wan says: "These computers haven’t been touched."
Rex says: "Sir!"
Rex says: "Our scouts have spotted a droid base on the other side of the ice ridge."
SEPARATIST OUTPOST EXTERIOR.
They arrive and find droid heads posted on spikes as well.
Anakin says: "I’d say whoever attacked our base took out the droids, also."
Obi-Wan says: "Rex, help Anakin place the sensor beacons."
Obi-Wan says: "You four, come with me."
Rex says: "Yes, General."
Rex says: "Let’s go."
SEPARATIST OUTPOST INTERIOR.
Rex says: "Did you find anything?"
Anakin says: "I found some large footprints."
Anakin says: "Have one of your men make a cast."
They come back to Obi-Wan.
Anakin says: "Sensors are in place."
Obi-Wan says: "I think I found something."
The hologram doesn’t work.
Obi-Wan says: "Blast it!"
Anakin hits it and it works. Here is the footage.
Random Droid says: "Six-eight-five to command."
Random Droid says: "There are too many of them!"
Random Droid says: "They’ve overrun the base!"
Random Droid says: "We need reinforcements!"
The droid on the hologram is killed.
Anakin says: "What was that?"
Obi-Wan says: "Whatever it was, it’s a good warrior."
GLID STATION.
Riyo says: "The droids’ log indicates they were investigating the southern canyon."
Cho says: "Sounds like a good place to start."
Cho says: "I want the weapons system back online and the shields operational."
Cho says: "There’s no telling what the Separatists have planned."
Riyo says: "Chairman, what makes you so certain the Separatists are behind this attack?"
Cho says: "Look around, Senator."
Cho says: "Isn’t this carnage proof enough?"
Riyo says: "I know, but there are no dead droids here, no blast marks."
Cho says: "So, you’re an expert on war now, are you, Senator?"
Riyo says: "No, Chairman."
Cho says: "Let me tell you something, Senator."
Cho says: "I have led our people since before you were born."
Cho says: "I’ve seen a hundred planets rise and fall through force of arms."
Cho says: "If it’s not the Separatists out there, then it’s a malevolent and aggressive enemy nonetheless, and I will not let whoever it is jeopardize the security of the people of Pantora."
Riyo says: "But if the Jedi discover that the Separatists aren’t behind this, then perhaps there is a peaceful resolution."
Cho says: "Senator, I am willing to fight and die for my people."
Cho says: "It’s time to ask yourself if you are brave enough to do the same."
SEPARATIST OUTPOST EXTERIOR.
Obi-Wan says: "There’s some kind of reflection up there."
Obi-Wan says: "Do you see it?"
Obi-Wan says: "Well, they know we’re coming."
Obi-Wan says: "Let’s go."
TALZ VILLAGE.
Anakin and Obi-Wan have arrived.
Obi-Wan says: "Steady, Anakin."
Obi-Wan says: "They’re only curious."
Obi-Wan says: "Let’s not provoke them as the droids and our troops must have done."
Anakin says: "Too bad we didn’t bring 3PO along."
Anakin says: "How do you plan on communicating with these things?"
Obi-Wan says: "Patience."
Obi-Wan says: "Maybe they’re smarter than we are."
The Talz Leader starts talking in a language they don’t understand.
Anakin says: "Well?"
Anakin says: "Say something."
Obi-Wan says: "Just shut up."
They enter the hut of the Leader.
Obi-Wan says: "We come to you in peace."
Obi-Wan says: "We will not bring harm."
Anakin says: "Peace."
Obi-Wan says: "Right."
GLID STATION.
Rex says: "Glad you made it back, sir."
Rex says: "It’s getting nasty out there."
Anakin says: "You don’t know the half of it."
Cho says: "What did you find?"
Obi-Wan says: "It seems we’ve stumbled onto an inhabited planet."
Cho says: "Impossible."
Cho says: "Our explorers have spent much time here over the long history of Pantora."
Cho says: "No one lives here."
Cho says: "They’re trespassers."
Obi-Wan says: "With respect, Chairman Cho, these creatures, the Talz, aren’t advanced enough to master space travel."
Obi-Wan says: "I think they may have been here longer than Pantora."
Cho says: "Whoever they are, they belong to us."
Cho says: "This whole system belongs to us."
Riyo says: "Your Majesty, if there are life forms here, then the Senate must decide jurisdiction."
Cho says: "Look at what they’ve done."
Cho says: "They’ve slaughtered your troops."
Obi-Wan says: "They only want to be left alone."
Obi-Wan says: "The droids attacked them, and I’m afraid our outpost got caught in the middle."
Cho says: "They must be subdued."
Cho says: "They’re dangerous."
Cho says: "Captain Rex, prepare your troops for battle."
Anakin says: "We promised their chief there would be no retaliation."
Obi-Wan says: "We’ve arranged a meeting between their high council and you and the Senator."
Obi-Wan says: "They want peace."
Anakin says: "We can’t send troopers."
Anakin says: "They’ll think we lied."
Cho says: "These creatures are little more than animals."
Cho says: "You can’t lie to an animal."
Cho says: "They can’t be trusted."
Cho says: "No!"
Cho says: "It is obvious these creatures are not covered by the Convention of Civilised Systems."
Cho says: "Their Council has no say in the matter."
Riyo says: "If the Jedi are able to communicate with them, their status is in doubt."
Cho says: "Do you stand against your Chairman, Senator?"
Riyo says: "Of course not, Your Majesty."
Obi-Wan says: "If we are going to meet with Thi-Sen and his council at the arranged time, we will have to leave now."
Rex says: "Sir, the gunships can’t take off in this storm."
Rex says: "We don’t have enough bikes for the entire platoon."
Anakin says: "Have the rest of the men standby here."
Anakin says: "No matter what the Chairman thinks, we’re not going to war."
TALZ VILLAGE.
Cho says: "Captain!"
Cho says: "Put your men on that ice ridge."
Cho says: "We will attack as soon as the savages arrive."
Obi-Wan says: "There will be no attack, Chairman."
Cho says: "You will do as I command!"
Cho says: "This planet is under my jurisdiction!"
Obi-Wan says: "Nothing is under your control, Chairman."
Obi-Wan says: "The Talz are already here."
Obi-Wan says: "Their scouts have been following us for some time."
Obi-Wan says: "It seems Thi-Shen doesn’t trust you any more than you trust him."
Anakin says: "Rex, tell your men to stand down."
Anakin says: "Stay here, and don’t do anything to provoke them."
Rex says: "Yes, sir."
They arrive in the village. Thi-Sen is waiting for them.
Obi-Wan says: "Your Highness."
Anakin says: "We have returned, as promised."
C-3PO starts discussing with Thi-Sen.
Cho says: "These savages have no rights here."
3PO says: "Chieftain Thi-Sen welcomes you to his home and hopes you come in peace."
3PO says: "He wishes to be good neighbors, but he does not wish you to remain on his planet."
Cho says: "Listen, droid, translate everything I say, and exactly as I say it."
Riyo says: "Would you like me to represent Pantora in this matter?"
Cho says: "Not on your life, Senator."
Cho says: "There will be no diplomacy this time."
Cho says: "Listen here, you savage."
Cho says: "This world belongs to the moon of Pantora, and as the Supreme Chairman and Exalted Ruler of Pantora, you will not command me to leave this planet, or do anything else."
Riyo says: "Your Majesty, we can’t."
Cho says: "Droid!"
Cho says: "Tell him."
3PO says: "Oh, dear."
Obi-Wan says: "I recommend a less confrontational discussion."
Obi-Wan says: "The Talz are easily provoked."
Thi-Sen is getting angry.
Anakin says: "That didn’t go over very well."
Obi-Wan says: "Chairman, I promised the Talz that we would leave them in peace."
Cho says: "This is now an internal affair of Pantora."
3PO says: "The great Thi-Sen, “Son of Suns”, asks again that you leave, or it will mean war."
Cho says: "Then war it is."
They go back to Rex and the clones.
Cho says: "Troopers, mount up and follow me."
Rex says: "What’s up, General?"
Anakin says: "You’re going to have to stay with the Chairman until we can work things out."
Anakin says: "Protect him at all costs."
Rex says: "Mount up!"
Rex says: "We’re moving out!"
Anakin says: "Senator, you know a preemptive strike is illegal."
Anakin says: "Isn’t there anything you can do to stop it?"
Riyo says: "I’m afraid not."
Riyo says: "He has proclaimed this conflict an internal affair."
Obi-Wan says: "You could petition the Jedi Council for an intervention."
Riyo says: "You mean without his authorization?"
Anakin says: "There must be someone on your moon who could approve it."
Riyo says: "The Speaker of the Assembly."
Riyo says: "He has the power."
ORTO PLUTONIA PLAINS.
Cho says: "Here they are!"
Cho says: "Fire when you’re in range!"
Rex says: "Sir, with all due respect, we’re only here to protect you."
Some Talz appear.
Rex says: "Ambush!"
Cho says: "It’s a trap!"
Cho says: "Kill them!"
A battle starts between the clones and the Talz.
Random Pantoran says: "Chairman, get down!"
The Talz are getting the upper hand.
Rex says: "We’ve got to hold out!"
Rex says: "Fall back!"
Rex says: "First squad, cover the retreat!"
Cho says: "Retreat?"
Cho says: "We can’t retreat from these animals!"
Chairman Cho gets a spike in his chest.
Cho says: "Savages."
REPUBLIC GUNSHIP.
Speaker of Assembly says: "Senator Chuchi, you’re given the authority to negotiate a peaceful settlement between the sovereign planet of Pantora and the Talz."
Obi-Wan says: "It is decided then."
Anakin says: "Pilot, let’s get moving."
They move to the Talz village.
Obi-Wan says: "Senator, now that you have the authority, how do you plan on making peace with the Talz?"
Riyo says: "Actually, Master Jedi, since you are far more experienced, I was hoping that you could negotiate on Pantora’s behalf."
Obi-Wan says: "I’m afraid that’s not possible, Senator."
Riyo says: "But I don’t understand."
Riyo says: "The Jedi serve the Senate."
Obi-Wan says: "Senator, it is your people the Talz are at war with."
Obi-Wan says: "If the violence is to stop, it is you who must represent your people."
ORTO PLUTONIA PLAINS.
They arrive at the battle. The Pantorna have almost lost.
Rex says: "Good to see you, sir."
Anakin says: "You okay, Rex?"
Rex says: "It’s just a scratch."
Anakin says: "What’s going on?"
Rex says: "We’re in quite a mess, sir."
Rex says: "Eleven dead, the rest wounded, including the Chairman."
Riyo says: "Chairman, can you hear me?"
Cho says: "Senator."
Cho says: "Good."
Cho says: "You must avenge me."
Cho says: "As my final command as Chairman of Pantora, I order you to destroy the Talz."
Riyo says: "I’m afraid I cannot do that Chairman."
Riyo says: "The Pantoran Assembly has called you out of order."
Riyo says: "I am to negotiate peace."
Cho says: "No."
Cho says: "Impossible!"
Cho says: "Peace?"
Cho says: "Never!"
Cho says: "I died for our people."
Chairman Choe dies.
Obi-Wan says: "Senator, now is the time."
Riyo says: "Protocol droid, come with me."
Anakin says: "3PO, get going."
3PO says: "Yes, Master Ani."
Riyo meets Thi-Sen.
Riyo says: "Droid, translate for me."
3PO says: "Yes, Mistress."
Riyo says: "To die for one’s people is a great sacrifice."
Riyo says: "To live for one’s people, an even greater sacrifice."
Riyo says: "I choose to live for my people."
Riyo says: "What do you choose?"
3PO says: "He chooses to live as well."
Riyo says: "We will leave Orto Plutonia under the watchful eyes of the Talz from this day forth, and recognize your sovereignty as a free and equal people."
She comes back to the troops.
Obi-Wan says: "Well done, Senator."
Anakin says: "Yes."
Anakin says: "Most impressive."
Riyo says: "Thank you, Master Jedi."
Obi-Wan says: "Now that you have created peace between your people and the Talz, remember one crucial thing."
Riyo says: "Yes, Master Kenobi?"
Obi-Wan says: "Make it last, Senator."
Obi-Wan says: "Make it last."
Obi-Wan says: "And be an example to others, so not only this war, but every war waged may come to an end as well."
Riyo says: "I will."
Riyo says: "I promise you."
They leave Orto Plutonia.