New Software
[An advertisement for a new Bobert operating system plays]
Fillippo Betto-Hunt: We've seen the truth. And the truth is the unknown. But the unknown can't just be about the truth. The truth is the unknown can only be as truthful as the truth of the unknown can be. And that's the truth. We've changed the world as we know it for the first time since the last time. Let me introduce a new Bobert System. Coupled with a new updated microchip and a new integrated AI, this operating system allows the user to enjoy a truly singular experience, giving you access to a whole new range of functionality. It isn't just a perfect blend of software and hardware—it's lifeware. Bobert: let the future and the past collide to define your present.
[Gumball and Darwin sit in front of the computers in the library, pointing excitedly to their screens and then to Bobert. Bobert seems confused]
Gumball: How can you not be excited?!
Bobert​: Are you not satisfied with current version of friend?
Gumball: I dunno. Are we getting a truly singular friendship experience?
Bobert​: Processing information. Results: indecipherable garbage.
Darwin: Look. You know, we'd love you just the way you are, but we feel like we could love you more if you were... better.
Bobert​: System alert! Self-esteem file corrupted. Moving file to trash. System status: S-A-D.
Darwin: What does that stand for?
Bobert​: Sad.
Gumball: Aw, sorry we made you feel bad. You're great the way you are, you don't have to change a thing.
Bobert​: Negative. It is logical that all things must change for the better. I want the upgrade.
[Gumball and Darwin dance for a while, then stop]
Gumball: As long as it is your decision.
Bobert​: I agree.
Gumball and Darwin: Yes!
[Bobert plugs himself in]
Gumball: Oh, great, three minutes!
[The estimated time keeps changing]
Gumball: Two minutes! Four seconds! Oh. Seventeen hours.
Up-to-date
[Seventeen hours later, Gumball and Darwin are still standing there, covered in cobwebs]
Gumball: Can you blow on my eyeballs? I've been staring for too long.
[Darwin blows all the webs and dust off of them. Shortly after, Bobert's upgrade is done installing]
Gumball and Darwin: YEEES!
Gumball: Okay, okay. What's new? What can we do?
Bobert​: My screen display now has a mild three-dimensional effect.
Gumball and Darwin: Oooh.
Gumball: What else?
Bobert​: My camera has new photo filters.
Gumball: Oh! Oh! Show us!
[Bobert takes a picture of them. Gumball swipes through various filters]
Gumball: Ah, this one gives you a swaggy haircut. This one gives you a flattering pal.
Darwin: Nice! It's got a bro mode.
Gumball: Oh, post-workout mode.
Darwin: Ooh, what's the guilty pleasure filter? That's amazing! But there will never be a filter that replaces people's quirky individuality. Huh, what do you know? What else can you do?
Bobert​: I have an in-built health application.
Gumball: How does that work?
[Bobert points two lasers at Gumball and Darwin's heads]
Bobert​: [Deep voice] Run.
[Bobert starts shooting lasers at Gumball and Darwin, forcing them to run]
Gumball: How is this improving our health?!
Bobert​: You have run three miles and burned twenty thousand calories. Goal achieved.
[Gumball and Darwin stop running, sigh in relief and twist their bodies around, squeezing out sweat]
Darwin: What else is new?
Bobert​: I come with a free album download by a popular band. [Plays a song]
Gumball: [Screams] Make it stop! It sounds like cheese being grated through a guitar by a bunch of rich smug old people wearing leather pants! Ah, delete, delete!
Bobert​: Negative. The MP3s are embedded into my hard drive. [Increases the volume]
[In the cafeteria, Gumball plugs Bobert's charger in]
Gumball: Just as well that you shut yourself down. All these new background apps are seriously draining your battery life. So...
Darwin: Bon appétit. So, what else is new?
Bobert​: I have voice activation software.
Gumball: What does that do?
Bobert​: [Female voice] Anything you request, Gumball.
Gumball: 'kay. Do my homework.
Bobert​: Finding restaurants in your local area.
Darwin: Dude, you gotta pronounce your words clearly. Bobert? Tell me how pretty I look today.
Bobert​: In Japan, there are more pets than there are children.
Darwin: Is that my grammar?
Gumball: Who knows.
Bobert​: Emailing grandma list of nursing homes.
Gumball: Wha— No! Cancel! You can't email that to Granny Jojo!
Bobert​: Emailing Granny Jojo camel butt pictures.
Gumball: No, stop it! She'll be horrified!
Bobert​: Did you say magnify? Magnify pictures.
Gumball: No no no! Don't send it!
Bobert​: Sending.
Darwin: That upgrade was useless. I might as well just go [Chicken noises]
Bobert​: Did you say kick Leslie's butt and marry him to Alan?
[Bobert stands up and kicks Leslie's pot, then ties Alan's string to Leslie. Wedding music plays]
Bobert​: I now pronounce you husband and flower.
Leslie​​​​​: [Looks at Banana Joe] You had your chance. [Walks away with a smiling Alan]
Banana Joe: What?
[The school bell rings, and the students are now in gym class. Bobert jumps over an obstacle, followed by Gumball and Darwin, but he freezes in mid-air, causing the two behind him to collide. In the hallway, Gumball and Darwin meet Bobert]
Gumball: Oh, hey, Bobert. High-five!
[They prepare to high-five, but Bobert freezes. Gumball leans in, only to be knocked out when the robot's arm suddenly extends forward. Later, Bobert keeps freezing at other inconvenient times, such as in the bathroom, in music class, and while playing baseball, causing Leslie to be hit by the ball]
Gumball: Hold on, I got this. [Walks around Bobert] Wait, I see what's gonna happen here. I'll just go...
Darwin: Good thinking, dude.
Gumball: And take this from—
[Gumball screams as he is sent flying by Bobert's sudden movement]
Gumball: Alright, we're gonna get you fixed at the store.
Darwin: We don't know where it is!
Gumball: That's alright, we'll use Bobert Maps.
A Long Trip
[Gumball and Darwin walk the streets of Elmore, led by Bobert. They appear to be very exhausted]
Bobert​: Continue straight ahead for three thousand feet.
Gumball: Oh, come on, man. We've been walking for two hours!
Bobert​: In twelve feet, turn down.
Gumball & Darwin: Turn down?! Okay...
[They start digging down and seem to reach a sewer]
Darwin: Eww!
[Bobert jumps in. They come out of a toilet]
Bobert​: Continue for seven thousand miles.
[They cruise the ocean on a raft, then walk on a bridge]
Bobert​: On the bridge, turn left.
[All three of them jump off the bridge. Gumball and Darwin start screaming]
Bobert​: Fall for seven meters, then stop. Position yourselves in the left lane.
[They stop falling for a moment while they move]
Bobert​: Continue.
[They resume their fall and Gumball and Darwin continue to scream. Some time later, their voices can be heard from a grave, unintentionally grabbing the attention of Gary who is working nearby]
Gumball: Let me guess: the upgrade updated your maps.
Bobert​: Make a U-turn where possible.
Gumball: Forget it! Let me ask someone.
[Gumball, Darwin and Bobert rise from the grave like zombies, causing Gary to scream]
Gumball: Excuse me, sir, where's the Bobert store?
[Gary points a finger in the store's direction]
Gumball: A thousand thanks, kind sir.
The Bobert Store
[They enter the store which is completly white and transparent. Every single object is white, including the employees]
Gumball: This store is whiter than an artic fox in a wedding dress.
[An employee walks up to the three, but his body is so white it blends in perfectly with the white lobby. This is Cody]
Cody: Hi, I'm Cody. I'll be your service specialist today.
Gumball: Uh, what? [Feels around] What's that?
Cody: That would be my behind, sir.
Gumball: Oh. [Feels around] What's that, then?
Cody: That would be my nose, sir.
Gumball: [feels around] And that?
Cody: That's my ponytail.
Gumball: Ew! I can't believe I touched a ponytail with my bare hands!
Cody: Welcome to the Bobert store. What can I do to heighten your experience?
Gumball: Can you please downgrade our Bobert?
Cody: Well, no. You see, our philosophy at Bobert store is to focus on our vision on the ascent to perfection, and break away from the past.
Darwin: What does that mean?
Gumball: It means no.
Darwin: But Bobert doesn't work because of your stupid upgrade!
Cody: Here at the Bobert store, we like to provide a worldwide quality experience that opens on a truly synergetic—
Gumball: Yeah, yeah, mumble jumble blah blah whatever. Just fix him, okay?!
Cody: Let me take a look.
[Cody picks up Bobert and goes into the store room]
Cody: Hey, Jaden.
Jaden: Oh hey, Cody. Nice shirt.
Cody: And here we are. [Places a black Bobert in front of Gumball and Darwin]
Gumball: Wait a minute, that's not our Bobert!
Cody: Well, I upgraded your product.
Darwin: But Bobert is not a product, he's our friend.
Gumball: Yeah! He's not something you can just replace, like a— [distracted] Hold on, do you mind if I just— [Peels off-screen protector, relieved with satisfaction] What's new with this model?
Darwin: It doesn't matter!
Gumball: [Snaps out of it] Y-yeah, it doesn't matter! Where's our Bobert?!
Cody: Oh, he's been sent to our factory with the rest of our products which were purposefully designed to fail so that you're forced— I mean— Uh, I mean—
[Cody's speech becomes muffled as he is dragged in the store room. Another employee, Jaden, is brought out to the two]
Jaden: Hi, I'm Jaden. I'll be your new service specialist today.
Gumball: [Sighs] Whatever. New Bobert, where's our friend?
New Bobert: Launching app: "Find My Bobert." Bobert located.
Gumball: You're coming with us. Let's move, people!
[Gumball tries to leave the store, but keeps running into furniture. He eventually finds the door, and they leave riding on New Bobert's back]
Finding Bobert
Gumball: You gotta admit, he's much more comfortable than the old one. Much more...ergonomic. I mean, the old one was—
Darwin: Don't.
Gumball: What? Way faster, too.
[They land near an airport. Bobert is nowhere to be seen]
Gumball: I don't understand, it says Bobert's right here.
Darwin: Yeah, we're right on top of the dial.
Gumball & Darwin: [Looking up] Oh.
[New Bobert blasts off with Gumball and Darwin, following a plane. (Gumballs pants are flown off from the lift off. They remain off for the rest of the next scene.)]