Boring Saturday
[Gumball and Darwin sit in their room silently]
Gumball: Mm. [sighs]
[Gumball and Darwin both groan]
Darwin: Weird. It's like nothing is happening today.
Gumball: I know! Today's so boring that if it was a person, it'd wear a polo shirt and khakis.
Darwin: But it's a Saturday. The possibilities are endless.
Gumball: That's the problem with infinite possibilities, one of them is infinite boredom.
[They both groan again. A tumbleweed rolls by]
Gumball: What?! How did that even get in here?!
Darwin: Maybe something will happen if we just wait a little longer.
Gumball: Nah, we've already been sitting here for so long that your butt is fossilized. Come on, let's get out of here.
[Gumball excavates the carpet around Darwin's backside with a hammer and chisel. Pieces of rock fall off Darwin's butt as he stands up. Gumball grabs a brush to sweep off the leftover dust and Darwin starts to walk out of the room]
Darwin: [Stopping] Aren't you coming?
Gumball: Mine's grown roots.
Darwin: Oh.
[Darwin walks to Gumball to pull him up. His butt has grown tree-like roots]
Darwin: Ooh, you're gonna have to wax that.
Gumball: Nah it's okay, I'll just prune it.
Quest For Amusement
[Gumball and Darwin now walk the streets with bored expressions on their faces]
Gumball: [sighs] There's nothing going on out here either.
[In the background, Tony is seen mowing his lawn. When he stops to pick up something in the grass, the lawnmower keeps moving, breaking through a fence and shaving Principal Brown's body as the Oval Son walks by. The lawnmower ends up on the road, causing a car to crash into a phone pole. This goes completely unnoticed to Gumball and Darwin, and the scene changes to show Billy Parham standing in front of puddles]
Billy: Ah, puddles! Perhaps I should partake in some infantile joie de vivre that beckons a boy of my age.
[He laughs as he starts jumping from puddle to puddle, and falls into the last one which was deeper. Gumball and Darwin step on him, completely unaware]
Gumball: I just don't understand. There has to be something interesting happening somewhere.
[The Sun and the Moon argue in the sky above a house]
The Sun: No!
The Moon: Dude, I'm just saying, I think we should swap every now and then. I'm always stuck on the night shift, it's not fair.
The Sun: You know you couldn't handle the day shift. You're just not bright enough!
The Moon: [gasps] Tell me you did not just say that.
The Sun: Wait, no! I-I didn't mean it like that. It's just that you're not a– a star like me!
The Moon: Ah, so you're the star of the show, even though'I do half the work, huh? Well I'll show you stars you giant gas bag! Ugh!
[As the Moon is about to throw herself at the Sun, a truck parks in front of the house. Gumball and Darwin stop by; the view is blocked]
Gumball: Even the weather is boring.
[Gumball and Darwin walk away while the truck drives off. The Moon moves back and forth in front of the Sun, slightly decreasing the brightness of the scene each time]
The Sun: Please stop. You know very well that ain't gonna work.
The Moon: Oh yeah, why? 'Cause you're so hot at fighting too?
The Sun: No.
[A view of space is shown]
The Sun: Because I'm 95,000,000 miles away from you.
The Moon: [in a high-pitched voice] Y-yeah, well. You didn't hit me either, so, pff. Let's call it a tie.
The Four O'Clock Offender
[Gumball and Darwin keep walking the streets of Elmore. In the background, Hector falls down when a plane hits the back of his head. The Doughnut Sheriff drives by and gasps in horror when he notices his box of doughnuts empty]
Donut Sheriff: [in walkie-talkie] This is an emergency! We've got a code zero. There are zero doughnuts left. I'm going to the doughnut store.
[He turns on his siren and speeds off near a parked police cruiser, where the Hamburger Cop was waiting with a speed camera. The cop immediately grabs his walkie-talkie from the car]
Hamburger Cop: Chief, there's a black and white car speeding out of control on West Elmore Boulevard.
Donut Sheriff: That guy again, huh? He's my worst enemy!
Hamburger Cop: That kid that called you Pinky McHole?
Donut Sheriff: No, the other one.
Hamburger Cop: Cholesterol?
Donut Sheriff: No, the four o'clock offender! But don't worry, I'll get him this time.
[The sheriff drives around a corner]
Hamburger Cop: He took a left!
[The sheriff drives on the wrong lane, and accidentally hits a traffic light which slowly drops onto Marvin's head. He also drives into a fire hydrant, sending his car into the sky. Gumball holds his breath next to Darwin while the sheriff's car flies behind them]
Darwin: Dude, there's no point holding your breath, nothing interesting's gonna happen.
Gumball: [exhales loudly]
[The car lands]
Hamburger Cop: Somehow he's made it to Seventh Avenue!
Donut Sheriff: This ends today.
[The Doughnut Sheriff drives even faster; one of his wheels' rim flies off and cuts Leslie's head off]
Hamburger Cop: Okay, you better find a shortcut.
[The Doughnut Sheriff turns right]
Hamburger Cop: He's heading right!
[He turns right again]
Hamburger Cop: Now right again!
[This continues for some time. The sheriff's car crashes into multiple houses during the 'chase.']
Hamburger Cop: Now left! Right! Left! Right! Left! Right! Left! Left! Right! Right! Uh, chief, I just figured out why you can't ever catch this guy. You know how you always run out of doughnuts at four o'clock?
Donut Sheriff: Not now, I'm closing in on him.
Hamburger Cop: Okay, sure. Uh, yeah. You go get him, sir.
A Useless Invention
[The police cruiser drives in a street adjacent to Gumball and Darwin's, but they fail to see it. A clipboard man waves at them]
Gumball: Ugh, man, this guy is definitely collecting for something.
Clipboard Man: Hi there, can I have a minute of your time?
Gumball: Eh, hold that thought.
[The clipboard man stays silent as the two kids walk past him. He sees Banana Joe and stops him instead]
Clipboard Man 1: Hi there, can I have a minute of your time? We'd like you to help us find a use for a brand new product we're developing.
Banana Joe: Sure.
[Scene cuts to Banana Joe in a laboratory, brandishing a lightsaber while clipboard men take notes]
Banana Joe: [gasps] I know just what to do with this.
[Banana Joe tries out the product in different ways. First, he holds the lightsaber above a slice of pizza to cook it, but it is too hot to eat. Next, he tries to improve a clipboard man's sight with it and burns a hole through his left eye]
Banana Joe: Can you see any better?
Clipboard Man 2: No.
[He burns a hole through the other eye]
Banana Joe: How about now?
Clipboard Man 2: No.
Banana Joe: Any other comments?
Clipboard Man 2: It hurts tremendously.
[Banana Joe moves the lightsaber up and down in front of himself, turning his skin darker each time]
Banana Joe: I'm not sure if I'm tanning or it's just my birthmark spreading.
[Banana Joe uses the saber as a baseball bat, but it cuts right through the ball. He then plays the violin with it, destroying it as well. His attempt to shave off a man's moustache with it seems to go well, until the man suddenly splits in half. In his last attempt, he uses the lightsaber as a reading light]
Banana Joe: Guys! I finally found a use for–
[Banana Joe turns around and accidentally slices a clipboard man in half. The clipboard men decide to stop the experiment and he is led out of the lab]
Clipboard Man 1: Here is your reward. [hands a lollipop to Banana Joe]
Banana Joe: Thanks!
Clipboard Man 1: [sighs] Well, now we know. This has no use whatsoever. Off to the trash with you, with all my other inventions.
[The clipboard man throws the lightsaber into the trash, which contains a jetpack, a hoverboard and a time machine, as well as many other devices]
I Can Sing!
[Gumball and Darwin cross the mall's parking lot, dragging their heads behind them]
Gumball: Ugh, this day is so boring.
[Sal Left Thumb attempts to break into multiple cars, to no avail. As the car alarms accumulate, they start making a rhythm for Sal to sing]
Sal Left Thumb: They say a thumb can't change his print
But looking in this window's tint
I see the boy I used to be
If he saw me what would he see?
He'd look at me in disbelief
A dirty, no good, thumb-print thief
Forever stealing, getting busted
On the run or being dusted.
But the symphony of car alarms
Has reminded me of music's charms
As a boy I dreamed that I'd go far
As a bona fide musical star!
I sung a little song
Did a little show
Got sick of the producers saying no
So I turned to crime
Stealing all the time
Life lacked reason, life lacked rhyme
Now it's time to say I'm sorry
What better way than in a song?
Gary: Gimme back the car you stole!
Sal Left Thumb: I'll pay you back in rock'n'roll.
Karen: You took my daughter's trampoline!
Sal Left Thumb: Well how about this tap routine?
Patrick: You stole my mother's diamond ring!
Sal Left Thumb: It doesn't really matter 'cause I can sing!
[Sal keeps singing until the music ends, revealing he is actually screaming in a deep voice while everyone covers their ears]
Felicity: No you can't!
Sal Left Thumb: Oh come on, it can't be that bad.
[Everyone nods]
Sal Left Thumb: Ah, then you only have yourselves to blame for this!
[He breaks into a car and drives off with everyone running after him. Gumball runs to the now empty parking spot]
Darwin: What?
Gumball: I thought I heard something, but... [shrugs] Eh.
This Hideous Day
[Gumball and Darwin sit on a bench at the mall. The Crocodile Woman walks in front of them and a jar falls out of her bag, causing Miss Simian to stop and turn around]
Gumball: [gasps] There! Something's gonna happen.
[Harold Wilson walks by, trips on the contents of the jar and, grabbing onto Miss Simian's dress, rips it. Unfortunately for Gumball and Darwin, the view is blocked by a mannequin someone just pushed in front of them–this isn't the case for Harold, who throws up in the hexagon lady's purse, this time 'censored' by Tony drinking at a fountain. He hands the purse back to its owner, who throws it into the air in disgust. Curtains close just as the bag and its contents are about to land directly onto Mr. Small's head, who is heard screaming as Jeff Benson walks on a small stage]
Jeff: Good afternoon. I'm here to tell you about today's special offer...
[Gumball and Darwin stare with their mouths agape. Tobias approaches them laughing, wiping a tear from his eye]
Tobias​​​: Did you guys see that?
Gumball & Darwin: [in a deep voice] NO.
Tobias​​​: No? Oh, don't worry about it, I got it on my phone. [laughs]
[Tobias hands his phone to Gumball and Darwin, who suddenly rejoice. As the video plays they realize the entirety of it is just Tobias laughing]
Tobias​​​: [wheezes]
Gumball: Dude. You had it on the face camera.
Tobias​​​: Yeah, but, you can really tell how good it was by how much I'm laughing!
[Gumball and Darwin walk back home]
Darwin: What do we do now?
Gumball: We're going home to watch the clock until this hideous day finally ends.
The Wrong House
[They come home. A construction worker walks in front of the house, looking at a piece of paper]
Hank: Yup, I'm pretty sure this is the one.
[He points to the house and makes a gesture for a truck to park in reverse]
[Inside the house, Darwin and Gumball are staring so intently at the clock their eyes are red and their faces wrinkled. The clock's hand moves to the next minute and they both let out a frustrated sigh]
Gumball: Ugh. Why does time only slow down when you're bored?
[The view changes to show the living room's window as well as Gumball and Darwin staring at the clock. A truck engine starts and the house starts moving. Static shows on the window as characters from other shows appear outside. First, Clarence and his mother (from Clarence) drive next to the house. Static again, then Mordecai and Rigby are seen dancing next to a golf cart driven by Hi-Five Ghost (from Regular Show)]
Hi-Five Ghost: Hi-Five Ghost ride the whip! Hi-Five Ghost ride the–
[The cart crashes into a puddle. Uncle Grandpa from the eponymous show is seen driving his van in the forest. He turns to the viewer]
Uncle Grandpa: Good morning. [the van crashes, launching him towards another instance of his van where he bumps into and drives over himself] Good morning.
[The window goes back to normal. The construction men drive on the highway, transporting the Wattersons' house]
George: You know, it's funny, but in this picture the house looks kinda pink.
Hank: Uh-huh. That's the one we got in the back.
George: No. The one we got is blue.
Hank: Uh, no. That's blue, just like the frosting on this doughnut. [shows his doughnut, which is pink]
George: You're colorblind, aren't you?
Hank: Huh?
[The truck drives back to the Wattersons' neighborhood. The construction men can be heard talking as they put the house back into place]
Hank: Cotton candy?
George: Also pink.
Hank: No!
Accept the Boredom
[They drive off. Meanwhile, someone rings the doorbell. Gumball and Darwin open the door to see the Manly Warrior]
Manly Warrior: Is this the dwelling where I shall find two brave strangers to help me on my quest? It will be perilous. We will go to places man has never dared tread! But above all, it will be the journey of a lifetime.
Gumball: You're in luck, little man. We know just who you need.
Darwin: Yeah! There's these two geeks who are really into roleplay, they'd be perfect for it. They live two blocks down on the left.
Manly Warrior: Oh. You sure you two wouldn't–
[Gumball and Darwin slam the door in the man's face, but suddenly gasp. They open the door again]
Gumball and Darwin: WAIT!
Manly Warrior: Huh?
Gumball: Those two guys!
Manly Warrior: Ah, you've had second thoughts?
Gumball: Yeah! They're not two blocks on the left, they're two blocks on the right.
Manly Warrior: [sighs] Alright, whatever...
Gumball: I guess we learned something today, Darwin. Life doesn't come knocking at your door, it's down to you to make things happen.
Darwin: Shall we get on with it then?
Gumball: Nah, I'm not much of a doer, I'm more of a moaner.
[They close the door as they go back inside; shortly after, the Manly Warrior and the Eggheads are seen riding a dragon. The episode ends]