Distress beacon alert chimes.
Rick Sanchez says: "Morty, can you hit that ignore button on that?"
Morty Smith says: "What?"
Morty Smith says: "I'm not hitting that ignore button, Rick."
Morty Smith says: "We're going to help those people in distress."
Rick makes a sharp turn.
Morty Smith says: "Well, what do you think when do, Rick?"
Morty Smith says: "We're just ignore the call?"
Trans. flying toward S.S. Engineer's starship.
Trans. Morty and Rick entering corridor. Rick is holding a flashlight.
Morty Smith says: "Huh?"
Morty Smith says: "You know m-m-maybe we should take off."
Morty Smith says: "This doesn't look like anything going on here."
Rick Sanchez says: "No, Morty, no."
Rick Sanchez says: "We have to help people."
Rick gets cut off my a facehugger as it jumps onto Rick's face, attaching to him. Rick lets go of the torch, kneels down, and frantically tries to remove the alien by pulling on its tail, while his muffled yelling can be heard.
Morty Smith says: "Oh, my god!"
Morty Smith says: "It's one of those facehuggers from the alien movie!"
Rick finally removes the facehugger as it leaves green goop on Ricks face. It screeches and goes limp.
Rick, still holding the facehugger, grabs a device from his pocket and watches it as it scans the alien and beeps.
Morty Smith says: "Holy crap."
Morty Smith says: "I think it's dead."
Rick gets back up and drops the facehugger.
Rich Sanchez says: "Oh, god, Morty, it died of toxicity due to all the drugs and alcohol swirling about my system."
Morty Smith says: "Wow, Rick, you know they say don't do drugs but, I think this might be a case for 'em."
Rick Sanchez says: "And alcohol, Morty."
Morty Smith says: "Yeah, and alcohol."
Rick Sanchez says: "Somebody get a memo to all the characters in those alien movies stat."
Morty Smith says: "Yeah, no kidding."
Morty Smith says: "You know never I thought I say this."
Morty Smith says: "Thank god you drink those drugs and alcohol, you know."
Rick Sanchez says: "Morty, you don't drink drugs."
Morty Smith says: "Well, whatever!"
Morty Smith says: "I don't know, I'm innocent!"