The Smith family is seen sitting around the table eating breakfast. The viewer at this point doesn't know that this scene is set in a dimension that is not Dimension C-137 with a different Smith family, but this will be apparent at the end of the scene.
Beth says: "So dad, guess what tomorrow is..."
Rick says: "Martin Luther King Jr."
Rick says: "'s birthday."
Beth says: "No..."
Beth says: "well, it might be..."
Rick says: "It is."
Beth says: "Fine, but also, tomorrow is your one year anniversary back in our lives."
Beth says: "I'm gonna make you flying saucer-shaped pancakes."
Rick says: "Oh, there's no need to do that, Beth."
Rick says: "Regular pancakes are fine."
A portal appears on their wall and Evil Rick and Evil Morty emerge from it carrying a gun and a tranquilizer respectively. Evil Rick shoots Rick in the head and kills him. Evil Morty shoots Morty in the shoulder with his tranquilizer and he passes out. Evil Morty then drags Morty across the breakfast table and he and Evil Rick drag Morty through the portal, and the portal disappears. The family screams in horror the entire time.
Opening sequence plays.
The Smith family is seen sitting around the table eating breakfast. This scene takes place in Dimension C-137.
Beth says: "Happy anniversary, dad!"
Rick says: "Oh, I get it."
Rick says: "Regular pancakes are already shaped like flying saucers."
Rick says: "Mmm, I should be making you breakfast for putting up with me."
Jerry says: "Should be making us a whole restaurant."
Beth says: "Nonsense, we couldn’t be happier to have you around."
Beth says: "I just wish I got to see more of you."
Three armed Ricks come into the room through a portal.
Rick 1 says: "Rick Sanchez of Earth dimension C-137."
Rick 1 says: "You are under arrest for crimes against alternate Ricks by the authority of the transdimensional council of Ricks."
Jerry says: "Hey!"
Jerry says: "What the heck?"
Rick 1 says: "Neutralise the Jerry."
Jerry says: "Wait, no!"
Rick 2 shoots at Jerry, freezing him.
Summer says: "Dad!"
Beth says: "Dad!"
Morty says: "Rick!"
Rick says: "Everybody relax."
Rick says: "If I know these a-holes, and I am these a-holes, they just wanna haul me to their stupid clubhouse and waste my time with a bunch of questions."
Rick says: "Let’s get it over with."
Rick 1 says: "Bring his mo--orty."
Morty says: "Oh, man."
Rick says: "Leave my  Morty out of this!"
Rick 1 says: "You lost the right to have a say in these things when you refused to join  the council."
Beth says: "Wait, wh-wh-wh-what about Jerry?"
Rick says: "Will you at least unfreeze my daughter’s idiot?"
Rick 1 unfreezes Jerry. Rick 2 and Rick 3 take Rick through the portal and all exit.
Jerry says: "-give you anything!"
Jerry says: "I have a rare antique coin collection, just don’t hurt me!"
Jerry says: "Okay, maybe not antique, but it was a limited minting."
Jerry says: "They have little R2D2s instead of George Washingtons."
Beth says: "Our son’s been abducted!"
Jerry says: "You hate me for buying those coins!"
Trans. Ext Citadel of Ricks.
Trans. Int Citadel of Ricks. The three armed Ricks and C-137 Rick and Morty enter through a portal.
Morty says: "Geez, Rick!"
Morty says: "Wh-what is this place?"
Rick says: "The citadel of Ricks."
Rick says: "It’s the secret headquarters for the council of Ricks."
Morty says: "Council of Ricks?"
Rick says: "As you know, Morty, I’ve got a lotta enemies in the universe that consider my genius a threat."
Rick says: "Galactic terrorists, a few sub-galactic dictators, most of the entire intergalactic government: wh-wherever you find people with heads up their asses someone wants a piece of your grandpa."
Rick says: "And a lot of versions of me on different timelines had the same problem."
Rick says: "So a few thousand versions of me had the INGENIOUS IDEA OF BANDING TOGETHER like a herd of cattle or a school of fish or those people who answer questions on yahoo answers."
Morty says: "Hey, what do you know?"
Morty says: "It’s a cowboy version of me!"
Rick says: "Geez, you’re easy to impress."
Rick says: "Yeah, most timelines have a Rick and most Ricks have a Morty."
Rick says: "This place is a real who’s-who of who’s you and me."
Rick Salesman 1 says: "Turn your boring old Morty into a hot fashion statement, with some Morty dazzlers!"
Rick Salesman 2 says: "Hey, check this out!"
Rick Salesman 2 holds up a Morty doll and presses a button in the middle.
Morty Doll says: "Show me the Morty!"
Rick says: "Dumb."
Rick Salseman 3 says: "‘Scuse me, sir, is your Morty insured?"
Rick says: "Back off!"
Rick says: "Not my cup of tea, this place."
Trans. Hallway leading to the Council.
Rick says: "I say the point of being a Rick is being a Rick."
Rick 1 says: "Save your anti-Rick speech for the council of Ricks, terror-Rick!"
Rick says: "Hey, save your Rick rules for the  sheep-Ricks, Rick-pig!"
Rick 1 says: "Fuck me, pal."
Rick says: "Fuck you?"
Rick says: "No no no no no, fuck me!"
They reach the end of the hallway and the door opens automatically, revealing the council of Ricks.
Rick Council 1 says: "Bring up the holograms!"
A screen depicting several dead Ricks appears.
Rick Council 1 says: "Twenty-seven Ricks brutally murdered in their own timelines."
Rick Council 1 says: "An unprecedented Rick-icidal epidemic."
Rick Council 1 says: "What say you, Earth Rick C-137?"
Rick says: "You think I did this?"
Rick says: "Why am I the first Rick you pull in every time a Rick stubs his toe?"
Rick Council 1 says: "You  have a history of non-cooperation with the council."
Rick says: "Yeah, so does the scientist formerly known as Rick!"
Rick says: "Wh-wh-wh-why isn’t he here in handcuffs?"
Rick Council 1 says: "Because he’s dead too!"
Rick crowd says: "No!"
Rick Council 1 says: "Who else would you have us question?"
Rick Council 1 says: "You fit the profile."
Rick Council 1 says: "Of all the Ricks in the central finite curve, you’re the malcontent."
Rick Council 1 says: "The rogue."
Rick says: "I’m the Rick."
Rick says: "And so were the rest of you before you formed this stupid alliance."
Rick says: "You wanted to be safe from the government so you became a stupid government."
Rick says: "That makes every Rick here less Rick than me."
Rick says: "Yeah, murmur it up, d-bags."
Rick says: "Now if you’ll excuse me, I’ve got pancakes back home with syrup on top of them."
Rick says: "They’re about to hit that critical point of syrup absorption that turns the cakes into a gross paste."
Rick says: "And I hate to get all Andy Rooney about it, but I think we all like fluffy discs of cake with syrup on top!"
Rick says: "And I think we also like to be accused of crimes when there’s evidence!"
Rick says: "So as they say in Canada, peace oot!"
Rick Council 1 says: "Evidence?"
Rick Council 1 says: "Good idea."
Rick Council 1 says: "Scan his portal gun!"
Rick 1 reaches into C-137’s lab coat and retrieves his portal gun.
Rick says: "Oh, come on."
Rick says: "Don’t look at another man’s portal gun history."
Rick says: "We-we all go to weird places."
Rick Council 1 says: "Yes, but it appears you alone have been going to the exact timelines and locations in which the murders occured!"
A diagram appears on the screen, displaying C-137’s portal gun history. Entries for certain dimensions flash green before it finally settles on a select few which flash red.
Rick says: "What?"
Rick says: "That’s Rick-diculous."
Rick says: "I’m obviously being set up!"
Rick Council 1 says: "Earth Rick C-137!"
Rick Council 1 says: "The council of Ricks sentences you to the machine of unspeakable doom, which swaps your conscious and unconscious minds, rendering your fantasies pointless while everything you know becomes impossible to grasp."
Rick Council 1 says: "Also every ten seconds it stabs your balls."
Rick says: "I’ve heard enough."
C-137 elbows Rick 1 and tackles him into Rick 2, taking his gun and shooting through his own and then Morty’s handcuffs. The two run away.
Rick says: "Run, Morty!"
A Morty from the crowd starts to run too.
Crowd rick says: "Uh uh, not you!"
Trans. back to corridor. Rick and Morty C-137 are running, and are being chased by Ricks.
Morty says: "Aaaaah!"
Rick shoots into the side walls with his portal gun. As the chasing Ricks pass, several of them get set on fire, attacked by insects, dragged into the portals by tentacles or hit by falling pumpkins.
Armed Rick 1 says: "Nooo!"
Armed Rick 2 says: "Arrrrgh!"
Armed Rick 2 says: "Ahhhh!"
Armed Rick 3 says: "Aaaah!"
Armed Ricks 4 says: "Oof!"
5 says: "Oof!"
The two reach the end of the corridor, which cuts off to a moveable ramp which is currently down and is blocked by a railing. They leap over. As they fall, Rick C-137 shoots a portal beneath them which they then fall through.
Trans. Buttworld. Rick and Morty C-137 fall through a portal onto a large butt mountain. They bounce off and continue running.
Morty says: "Oh!"
Morty says: "Oooh!"
Rick C-137 shoots a portal in between two buttcheeks, which they run through, with the other Ricks in hot pursuit.
Trans. Pizza dimension. A pizza sits on a couch dialing on a phone, while another is lying down on another couch.
Pizza 1 says: "Yeah, I’d like to order one large person with extra people please."
Pizza 2 says: "White people."
Pizza 2 says: "No no no no no, black people."
Pizza 2 says: "And hispanic on half."
C-137 Rick and Morty run out of a portal and shoot another portal onto the opposite wall, then run through. The Ricks and Mortys chasing them follow.
[Trans. Greasy grandma world. The dimension is full of greasy grandmas. A banner says “Welcome to greasy grandma world. Population says: "A whole lot, sonny!"
C-137 Rick and Morty run through, avoiding the grandmas as much as possible. They shoot another portal in the wall and run through. The Ricks and Mortys chasing them follow.
Trans. Phone dimension. A phone sits on a pizza dialing on a person, while another is lying down on another pizza.
Phone 1 says: "Yes, I’d like to order one large sofa chair with extra chair please."
Phone 2 says: "High chair."
Phone 2 says: "No no no no no, recliner!"
Phone 2 says: "And wheelchair on half."
C-137 Rick and Morty run out of a portal and shoot another portal onto the opposite wall, then run through. The Ricks and Mortys chasing them follow.
Trans. Doopidoo dimension. Several doopidoo creatures stand around repeating the phrase “Doopidoo” over and over.
Rick C-137 shoots several portals into the wall, and enters the last one. The Ricks and Mortys chasing them enter the dimension but don’t know which portal to go into.
Armed Rick 6 says: "They could have gone into any one of these."
Trans. Chair dimension. A sofa sits on a person dialing on a pizza, while another is lying down on another person.
Sofa 1 says: "Yeah, I’d like to order one large phone with extra phones please."
Sofa 2 says: "Cellphone."
Sofa 2 says: "No no no no no, rotary!"
Sofa 2 says: "And payphone on half."
C-137 Rick and Morty run out of a portal.
Rick says: "That’ll keep ‘em  busy for a while."
Morty says: "Those guys were wrong, right?"
Morty says: "You don’t- you wouldn’t kill yourself… y-yourselves?"
Rick says: "‘Course not, Morty!"
Rick says: "How could that profit me?"
Rick says: "Someone out there is killing Ricks, and the council ain’t gonna stop thinking it’s me until we clear our names."
The two pass a homeless sofa, who’s initially drinking but stares at them as they pass and dumps out his bottle.
Rick says: "By finding the real Rick killer."
Morty says: "I’m scared, Rick!"
Morty says: "Maybe we should go home and stockpile weapons like that show Doomsday Preppers."
Rick says: "Not really my style, Morty."
Rick says: "Besides, your home is most likely swarming with Ricks right now."
Trans. Smith living room. Jerry’s reading a newspaper, Summer’s on her phone, and a bunch of Ricks and Mortys are searching the place.
Rick 1 says: "Alright, listen, Jerry."
Rick 1 says: "If Rick calls, this device is going to trace his location."
Rick 1 says: "You just gotta keep ‘em on the phone for thirty seconds or longer."
Beth says: "Who wants lemonade?"
Rick 1 says: "Oh yeah!"
Rick 1 says: "Mmm!"
Rick 1 says: "Oh, delicious!"
Rick 2 says: "Beth,  you’re a treasure."
Rick 3 says: "I have a Beth just like you in my  attractive!"
Beth says: "Aww, thank  you!"
All Ricks says: "Ohohoho!"
All Ricks says: "She did it!"
All Ricks says: "She did it!"
Phone rings. Rick 4 makes a signal to say they’re tracing the signal. Jerry picks it up.
Jerry says: "Uh, hello?"
Rick says: "Hey Jerry, it’s Rick."
Jerry says: "Rick!"
Jerry says: "Heyy."
Jerry says: "Haha, what’s- what’s up?"
Rick says: "So listen, the heat’s on and  there’s nowhere left to turn so Morty and I are just going to fly my spaceship into a black hole."
Jerry says: "What?"
Rick says: "Is that cool with you, dog?"
Jerry says: "Rick, no!"
Jerry says: "Mortyyyy!"
Rick 4 says: "I got it!"
Rick 4 says: "The call’s coming from… inside the house!"
Trans. Chair dimension. Rick and Morty are in a restaurant run by chairs.
Rick says: "The Ricks are probably gonna waste some time messing with Jerry."
Rick says: "They won’t be able to help themselves."
Rick says: "But as soon as they get bored they’ll be on to us."
Chair waiter says: "Phones á la clams, and phonesgetti with phoneballs."
Chair waiter says: "Anything else?"
Rick says: "Yeah, more phonesticks please."
Phone waiter says: "Right away, sir."
Morty says: "You know Rick, when I first saw all those Ricks and Mortys, I thought ‘gee, that kinda devalues our bond."
Morty says: "’ But then I realised that just means that our relationship must be pretty special to span over all those different timelines."
Rick says: "Yeah, it’s gotta be that way."
Rick says: "You’re a camouflage."
Morty says: "Camouflage?"
Morty says: "Wh-wh-what are you talking about, Rick?"
Rick says: "Ricks have a very distinct and traceable brainwave due to our genius."
Rick says: "The best way to hide from an enemy’s radar is to stand near someone with complementary brainwaves that make ours invisible."
Rick says: "See, wh-wh-when a Rick is with a Morty, the genius waves get cancelled out by the uh,  Morty waves."
Morty says: "Um… because… our personalities are so different?"
Rick says: "Oh, shit dog!"
Rick says: "My portal gun was hacked remotely Morty, obviously by the real killer to frame me."
Rick says: "But I was able to trace the signal."
Rick says: "Come on, let’s go!"
The two stand up. As they’re about to leave, two Ricks and a Morty enter the restaurant and address the waiter.
Rick says: "Uh-oh!"
Rick 1 says: "‘Scuse me, we’ve tracked a pair of dangerous criminals to this exact location."
Rick 1 says: "They look exactly like us, so in order to avoid confusion I’m going to mark us each with a red X right now."
Rick 1 says: "That way if someone has a gun and we both tell you to shoot the other one because they’re the evil one, you’ll know who’s lying."
Rick 2 says: "Hey, check it out!"
Two person-chairs that look like Rick and Morty from behind are beside a table. When the two Ricks rush over to turn them around, it’s revealed that they’re not.
Rick 1 says: "Dammit!"
They look out the window, to see C-137 flipping them off from in a police hovercraft. They rush outside, and the waiter follows.
Chair waiter says: "Hey, you didn’t pay your bill!"
Rick 1 says: "The red X!"
Rick 1 says: "Red X!"
Trans. Green planet. Rick and Morty are flying in the police hovercraft, searching.
Rick says: "Hey, it’s a good thing that space outlet had labcoats and your favourite kind of shirt in stock, huh Morty?"
Morty says: "Yeah, Rick."
Morty says: "I-I heard you the first time."
Morty says: "You don’t have to keep saying it over and over and over."
Rick says: "Man, this place is wayyy off the grid."
Rick says: "This guy does not wanna be found."
Morty says: "Well, if he’s a Rick, doesn’t he just have to stand by a Morty to hide?"
Morty says: "I mean, isn’t that what Mortys are?"
Morty says: "Human cloaking devices?"
Rick says: "Morty, you’re making a bigger deal out of this than it is."
In the distance a dome comes into view. Faint yelling can be heard.
Morty says: "Oh my god, Rick, look!"
Morty says: "There’s a bunch of people strapped all over that building!"
Rick says: "Not people, Morty."
Rick says: "Mortys."
As they get closer, it’s revealed that the dome is covered top to bottom in naked Mortys, who are strapped to the surface and are being tortured with contraptions that stab their sides constantly. Constant Morty yelling can be heard.
Morty says: "Oh my god… wh-why would somebody do this?"
Morty says: "It’s horrible!"
Rick says: "Well, one Morty’s enough to hide from the bureaucrats."
Rick says: "But you g- you get a whole matrix of Mortys and put ‘em in agonising pain."
Rick says: "That creates a pattern that can hide even from other Ricks, motherfucker."
Rick says: "I fiddled with a  concept like this once."
They land. Morty stares at Rick.
Rick says: "On paper, Morty, on paper!"
Rick says: "I wouldn’t do this, it’s barbaric overkill."
Rick says: "I mean, you could accomplish the same result with like five Mortys and a jumper cable."
Rick says: "Which I also wouldn’t do!"
Rick says: "I’m just saying, it’s bad craftsmanship."
Trans. Smith living room. Ricks are playing cards while Mortys watch. Jerry’s on his laptop.
Beth says: "Coffee time!"
The Ricks run into the kitchen, and the Mortys take the place of the Ricks on the cards table. Doofus Rick enters the house.
Jerry says: "Ugh."
Doofus Rick says: "Hi Jerry!"
Jerry says: "Leave me alone, I’m working!"
Doofus Rick says: "Oh, you are?"
Doofus Rick says: "Wh-wh-what do you do?"
Jerry says: "Ugh."
Jerry says: "I’m- I’m in between advertising jobs."
Doofus Rick says: "Advertising?"
Doofus Rick says: "Wow!"
Doofus Rick says: "So, people need help figuring out what to buy and then y-you help them?"
Doofus Rick says: "Well, I mean, you do it, and you seem like a guy that really has it all together!"
Jerry says: "Dude, are you… wh- you’re being a dick, right?"
Doofus Rick says: "Oh gosh, wh- I hope not!"
Doofus Rick says: "I-I-I-I wouldn’t want to offend you in any way!"
Jerry says: "You’re really a Rick?"
Doofus Rick says: "Ohoho!"
Doofus Rick says: "Y-of course I am!"
Doofus Rick says: "Just as much as my Morty’s a Morty!"
Doofus Rick’s morty waves to Doofus Rick from the poker table.
Jerry says: "Hey, he looks a lot like Eric Stoltz from the movie ‘Mask."
Jerry says: "’ You know, the one with Cher in it?"
Doofus Rick says: "That’s right, Jerry!"
Doofus Rick says: "He-he’s from a reality where everyone is Eric Stoltz mask people!"
Doofus Rick says: "He’s Eric Stoltz mask Morty!"
Doofus Rick says: "They assigned him to me because… I never had any kids of my own."
Doofus Rick says: "But if I did, boy, I’d love ‘em  if they were as smart and as successful as you are, Jerry."
Ricks return with coffee.
Rick 1 says: "Hey, get a load of this!"
Rick 1 says: "Jerry’s hanging out with doofus Rick."
Rick 2 says: "Haha, this is perfect."
Doofus Rick says: "I’m not doofus Rick!"
Doofus Rick says: "I’m Rick J-19-Zeta-7!"
Rick 1 says: "Oh, is that the timeline where everybody eats poop?"
Rick 1 says: "Jerry, you know this guy eats poop, right?"
Doofus Rick says: "Hey!"
Doofus Rick says: "I don’t eat poop!"
Doofus Rick says: "Y-you guys are always so mean to me!"
Doofus Rick says: "I guess it’s only fair to tell you now, Jerry… I’m the worst Rick of them all."
Jerry says: "According to who?"
Jerry says: "Other versions of you?"
Jerry says: "If I’ve learned one thing, it’s that before you get anywhere in life, you gotta stop listening to yourself."
Doofus Rick says: "Wow, you really are wise, Jerry."
Doofus Rick says: "I-I guess that’s why you work in advertising!"
Jerry says: "The fact that you feel that way makes you the best Rick of them all."
Trans. Int dome. Rick and Morty are exploring corridors.
Morty says: "You don’t care about me at all!"
Morty says: "I’m no different than that jacket you’ve got on!"
Morty says: "Y-y-or-or your stupid portal gun!"
Morty says: "I’m just a tool!"
Morty says: "I-I’m just an object!"
Rick says: "Hey, it’s your choice to take it personally, Morty."
Rick says: "Now for the love of god, be quiet!"
Rick says: "The point of this is to get the drop on the guy!"
Morty says: "You know what Rick, I’ll tell you something!"
Morty says: "I’m more than a human shield!"
Rick says: "Yeah, that’s right!"
Rick says: "You are!"
Rick says: "You’re a perfect impenetrable sheet of human armour, Morty!"
Rick says: "Because you’re as dumb as I am smart!"
Rick says: "Which is why when I say ‘shut up’ it’s really good advice."
Morty tears up. A bunch of lobster-like aliens come out of the nearby corridors and surround them.
Rick says: "Great, nice work, Morty."
Rick starts attacking and kicking the aliens. He kills the first wave, but more surround them quickly.
Rick says: "Urrgh."
Evil Rick and Evil Morty emerge. Evil Rick is slow clapping.
Evil Rick says: "Ooh, look at you, C-137!"
Evil Rick says: "You’re- aren’t you a tough customer?"
Rick says: "The slow clap?"
Rick says: "Really?"
Rick says: "Kinda played out, dude."
Evil Rick says: "Not in this dimension it isn’t."
Evil Rick says: "In fact, hah, I invented it and nobody else has ever even done it here before."
Rick says: "Well lah-dee-dah."
Evil Rick says: "Hey, that’s mine!"
Trans. Rick and Morty have been apprehended and are being carried down the corridor by lobster aliens.
Rick says: "I don’t like the look of that Rick, Morty."
Rick says: "We gotta escape."
Morty says: "I’m not gonna help you, Rick."
Morty says: "Y-you’re a monster."
Rick says: "Don’t be Rickdiculous, Morty."
Morty says: "W-will you stop saying that?"
Morty says: "It’s stupid."
Evil Rick says: "Take his Morty away."
Evil Morty says: "Come with me."
Morty says: "Yeah, gladly."
Morty says: "Geez man, Ricks huh?"
The two leave to the left. The view changes to another, smaller corridor, which the two walk down.
Morty says: "Hey man, you seem to know how this place works."
Morty says: "Is there any way we can… shut down that grid and rescue all those Mortys out there?"
Evil Morty says: "It would be pointless."
Evil Morty says: "Mortys have no chance of defeating a Rick."
He opens a door.
Evil Morty says: "In here."
As Morty walks in, he sees it’s filled with a crowd of scared, shivering Mortys. As he tries to leave, Evil Morty closes the door behind him, locking him in.
Evil Rick says: "Ahh, isn’t it beautiful?"
Rick says: "Yeah, yeah, looks like payday at Neverland ranch in here."
Rick says: "Zing!"
Lobster alien says: "Hehehehehehehehehe."
Rick says: "That guy got it."
Evil Rick says: "Ah-ah Rick, quiet."
Evil Rick says: "You’re missing my symphony."
Evil Rick presses a button, allowing the sounds of the Mortys in pain to come through. He conducts it for a bit.
Rick says: "Hey, I’ll take it over Mumford and Sons."
Rick says: "Zip!"
Lobster alien says: "Hehehehehehehehehe."
Rick says: "This guy is on it!"
Evil Rick says: "He’s not laughing at your dumb jokes, Rick."
Evil Rick says: "That’s just a random noise it makes every ten seconds."
Lobster alien says: "Hehehehehehehehehe."
Rick says: "Awww."
Evil Rick says: "See, Rick, you’re not as clever as you think you are."
Evil Rick says: "I wanted you to find me."
Evil Rick says: "We’re not so  different, you and I."
Evil Rick activates a display showing all the Ricks from different timelines.
Rick says: "Yeah, duh!"
Evil Rick says: "See this right here, Rick?"
Evil Rick says: "I crunched the numbers, I created a spectrum of all the Ricks."
Evil Rick says: "I listed ‘em out from most evil to least evil."
Evil Rick says: "Here’s where I am."
Evil Rick says: "And look at right here’s where you are, Rick."
Evil Rick says: "This guy right here?"
Evil Rick says: "Super weird."
Rick says: "I get it."
Rick says: "So you want me to team up with you to take down the council of Ricks, right?"
Rick says: "Is that where you’re going with this?"
Rick says: "‘Cause that’s where I’d be going."
Evil Rick says: "Please."
Evil Rick says: "I think I’m doing pretty good on my own."
Evil Rick says: "I’m simply going to download the contents of your brain, and then kill you."
Trans. Rick’s garage. Doofus Rick is mixing chemicals and Jerry is watching.
Doofus Rick says: "Okay, if we add a little more titanium nitrate, and just a tad of chlorified tartrate: ovenless brownies!"
Jerry takes a brownie, eats it and smiles.
Jerry says: "It’s incredible what a gifted mind can accomplish when priorities are in order!"
Doofus Rick says: "Well, come on, I can’t take all the credit, Jerry."
Doofus Rick says: "It was your idea."
Doofus Rick says: "C’mere Jerry!"
Both hug and laugh.
Jerry says: "Hey, uh."
Jerry says: "C’mere, uh."
Jerry says: "I-I wanna show you something."
They exit the garage and Jerry pulls out a box, then opens it to reveal coins with R2D2s on them.
Jerry says: "Okay, look."
Jerry says: "Everybody makes fun of me for getting these, but… you’re a genius scientist, what do you think?"
Jerry says: "There’s little R2D2s where the George Washingtons should be!"
Doofus Rick says: "You know Jerry, I’m not gonna tell you that these will increase in value, or even hold their current value."
Doofus Rick says: "The truth is… you bought ‘em ‘cause you like ‘em."
Doofus Rick says: "They have value to you."
Doofus Rick says: "That’s what matters."
Jerry says: "How long are you staying?"
Doofus Rick says: "Until we find your Rick."
Jerry says: "I found mine."
Jerry says: "I found mine."
Trans. Morty prison. C-137 Morty is bashing at the door. He is approached by a group of Mortys wearing robes and facepaint.
Morty says: "Help!"
Religious Morty says: "There is no escape, my son."
Religious Morty says: "We will find our peace in the next world."
Religious Morty offers C-137 a pamphlet titled “The Good Morty”.
Morty says: "So what?"
Morty says: "Y-y-y-y-you’re just going to give up?"
Religious Morty says: "We’re giving in to the power of the One True Morty."
Religious Morty says: "One day he will return!"
All religious Mortys says: "Praise the One True Morty!"
Morty opens “The Good Morty” to the first page, then scoffs and throws it away.
Morty says: "Alright Mortys, listen up!"
Morty says: "My name is Morty Smith, from Earth dimension C-137!"
Morty says: "I know you’re scared, because I’m scared, but that’s no reason to accept our fate."
Morty says: "We’re Mortys!"
Morty says: "We’re not defined by our relationships to Rick!"
Morty says: "Our destiny is our own!"
Morty 1 says: "This sounds like something the One True Morty might say."
Morty 1 says: "I’m sick of being a human shield!"
Morty 1 says: "I-I-I-I wanna be a gardener!"
Morty 2 says: "I wanna write really crazy, intense action novels!"
Hammer Morty says: "I’m more than just a hammer!"
Religious Morty says: "He is the one true Morty!"
Religious Morty says: "The one true Morty!"
All Mortys says: "Hooray!"
The door opens, and a lobster alien walks in.
Lobster alien says: "Hey, keep it down!"
All Mortys says: "Raaaaugh!"
The Mortys rush the door, breaking free and charging down the corridor.
Trans. Evil Rick’s lab. Evil Rick is going through Rick’s memories on a screen.
Evil Rick says: "You’ve lived quite a life, Rick."
Evil Rick says: "It’s a real shame you’re not gonna be around to see it through."
The memories change theme to feature Morty in each one. Rick tears up.
Evil Rick says: "You’re crying?"
Evil Rick says: "Over a Morty?"
Rick says: "No, I’m just allergic to dipshits."
Evil Rick says: "Ugh, pathetic."
Evil Rick says: "We both know that if there’s any truth in the universe, it’s that Ricks don’t care about Mortys."
The Mortys break through the door and rush at Evil Rick, killing the lobster aliens, surrounding him and tearing into him.
Evil Rick says: "Do your worst, you little bastards!"
Evil Rick says: "Kill me!"
Evil Rick says: "Do it!"
Evil Rick says: "Do it!"
Evil Rick dies. Morty C-137 appears and approaches Rick.
Rick says: "Morty!"
Rick says: "Get me out of this!"
Rick says: "Come on!"
Morty says: "You’re lucky I’m not a Rick."
Morty C-137 unbuckles Rick from the examination table.
Rick says: "Point taken, but this is  no time for arcs."
He presses a button, disengaging the Morty shield. Mortys are released and pour down off the dome. Rick grabs a phone and rings home.
Rick 1 says: "Yeah, hello?"
Rick says: "Hey, what do me and O."
Rick says: "J."
Rick says: "not have in common?"
Rick 1 says: "Huh?"
Rick 1 says: "Wh-who is this?"
Rick says: "I found the real killer, biitch!"
Rick says: "Get over here!"
Trans. Jerry and doofus Rick are playing with legos. Rick 1 opens the door.
Rick 1 says: "Yo ding-dong!"
Rick 1 says: "We’re done here."
Rick 1 says: "Time to go."
Doofus Rick says: "Well Jerry, I  guess this means goodbye."
Jerry says: "W-w-well, does it have to?"
Jerry says: "Heh, you, you look just like Rick."
Jerry says: "We could maybe… you know… get rid of him?"
Doofus Rick says: "Jerry."
Doofus Rick says: "W-we both know it wouldn’t work."
Doofus Rick says: "It’s time to go back to our lives."
Doofus Rick says: "I love you, Jerry."
Doofus Rick says: "I love ya."
Doofus Rick hugs Jerry and leaves. Jerry makes as if to follow him, then stops and punches a wall. The lego castle they built falls apart.
Trans. Evil Rick’s lab. The Mortys are still fighting. Ricks from the citadel move in and stop each Morty, pulling them off Evil Rick’s corpse and bringing them back to the citadel.
Morty says: "Wh-wh-what’s gonna happen to all these Mortys?"
Council Rick 1 says: "They’ll go back to their families, attend school regularly, play video games, date girls… poor little Rickless bastards."
Trans. Citadel of Ricks. The council has gathered around C-137 Rick and Morty.
Council Rick 1 says: "Earth Rick C-137, the council apologises for its false accusation."
Rick says: "Uh, guys?"
Rick says: "Not a good time."
Rick says: "Come on, Morty, let’s hit it."
Before they leave, Rick takes the voucher anyway.
Trans. Citadel outside. Rick and Morty are walking away from the council.
Morty says: "Is it time for arcs yet, Rick?"
Morty says: "I did a pretty great job back there for a human cloaking device."
Morty says: "Saved your ass."
Rick says: "Alright, Morty, don’t break an arm jerking yourself off."
Morty says: "Man, I can’t believe you, Rick!"
Morty says: "That right there!"
Morty says: "Tha-that was a great opportunity to show a little humanity."
Morty says: "You know?"
Morty says: "To connect with me a little?"
Rick says: "Hey Morty, you want connection?"
Rick says: "Go be part of some stupid club like all those dumb Ricks."
Rick says: "You know, maybe I don’t connect because I’m the Rickest Rick there is."
Rick says: "And you know, it would  go without saying that the Rickest Rick… would have the Mortyest Morty."
Morty says: "It would go without saying, huh?"
Rick says: "Yeah, it would."
Rick says: "Did you hear me say it?"
Rick says: "Just don’t get too big for your loafers, Buster Brown."
Rick says: "A cocky Morty could lead to some big problems."
Rick says: "Could be a real bad thing for everybody."
Morty says: "Oh yeah, how’s that?"
Rick says: "I-I-I’ll explain when you’re older."
Trans. Evil Rick’s lab. Evil Rick is lying in a pool of blood being inspected by Ricks. For the Damaged Coda by Blonde Redhead starts playing in the background.
Rick 2 says: "Pride cometh before the fall."
Rick 2 says: "I guess he got what he deserved."
Rick 1 says: "What is that?"
Rick 1 turns Evil Rick’s head over to reveal wires.
Rick 2 says: "Hand me the laser defibrillator."
Doofus Rick says: "Hey guys!"
Doofus Rick says: "Uh, c-can I help?"
Rick 2 says: "No!"
Rick 2 says: "Go clean the toilets!"
Rick 2 says: "Maybe you’ll make friends with some turds!"
Rick 1 says: "You make us ashamed to be ourselves!"
Rick 2 removes the top of Evil Rick’s head to reveal electronics woven into his brain. They pull out a chip.
Rick 1 says: "My god!"
Rick 1 says: "I’ve seen this technology before!"
Rick 1 says: "This Rick was being controlled remotely, puppeteered by somebody else."
Rick 1 says: "This is the receiver!"
Rick 2 says: "Yeah, but where’s the transmitter?"
Trans. Citadel of Ricks. Mortys are being loaded into spaceships to be delivered to their respective dimensions.
Evil Morty follows them, and removes his eyepatch, revealing the transmitter. He crushes it underfoot and hides the wires, then follows the rest of the Mortys.
Credits play.
[After credits scene says: "Jerry is sitting in Rick’s bedroom, trying not to cry."
Rick says: "Wubbalubbadubdub!"
Rick says: "Oh."
Rick says: "Hey Jerry."
Rick says: "Wh-wh-what are you doing in my room, buddy?"
Jerry says: "Nothing!"
Jerry says: "I was just, um, checking the smoke detectors."
Rick says: "Alright."
Rick says: "Okay, get out."
Jerry leaves and goes down to the dining room. He looks outside the window and sees doofus Rick standing in the rain and smiles. Rick appears beside Jerry.
Rick says: "What’s that dipshit doing out there?"
Rick says: "Are you friends with him?"
Rick says: "You know he eats his own shit, right?"
Rick says: "Oh my god, this is rich!"
Rick says: "I’ve got like  ten Ricks to call right now!"
Episode ends.