This is a transcript of the Rick and Morty season 2 episode Get Schwifty.
A giant yellow head flies through space toward Earth. The Earth catches fire and land masses start collapsing as the wind picks up.
A man takes a golf swing in the middle of the storm. A large piece of land drops out in front of him, leaving a large hole.
Man says: "Hey, golf is easy now!"
The hole gets larger and the man falls in.
Man says: "Aahh!"
Man says: "Golf is hard again!"
Man says: "Golf is hard agaaaaaaain!"
A news anchor in a raincoat, Terry, is downtown with people panicking in the background as the giant head stares blankly at Earth. A news title says “ArmagHEADdon?!”.
Terry says: "The view here is the same as yours, Jim."
Terry says: "A giant head has entered Earth’s gravity, triggering climate change and natural disasters we thought were impossible for at least another eight years."
Jim says: "Let’s not make this political, Terry."
Jim says: "Do we know what this giant head wants?"
Giant Head clears its throat, creating a large wind blast.
Giant Head says: "SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT."
Terry says: "Jim, you heard *static* said, “Show me what you got."
Giant Head says: "SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT."
Giant Head says: "I WANT TO SEE WHAT YOU GOT."
Rick turns off the TV, they are on the couch.
Rick says: "Oh boy."
Rick says: "Time to go, Morty."
Morty says: "Uhh, where?"
Rick puts on sunglasses.
Rick says: "The Pentagon."
Rick says: "I mean, not THE Pentagon."
Rick says: "*burp* The lame one, here on Earth."
Rick and Morty walk out of frame.
INTRO.
At the house, winds still blow strongly. Summer, Beth and Jerry are standing outside.
Summer says: "Is it God?"
Summer says: "If it’s God, do we get out of school?"
Beth says: "It’s not God, Summer."
Jerry says: "She’s allowed to think it’s God if she wants, honey!"
Beth says: "Shut up, Jerry."
Rick and Morty pull out of the garage in the ship.
Beth says: "Dad, what do you know about this?"
Rick says: "Morty and I are going to look into it."
Rick says: "You guys hold tight."
Mr. Goldenfold arrives on a moped.
Mr. Goldenfold says: "Scary stuff, huh?"
Mr. Goldenfold says: "Pretty freaky."
Mr. Goldenfold says: "Hi, I’m Morty’s math teacher."
Mr. Goldenfold says: "I’m also part of the street team inviting folks to the church downtown so we can pray together."
Beth says: "How is praying going to help?"
Mr. Goldenfold says: "Ma’am, a giant head in the sky is controlling the weather."
Mr. Goldenfold says: "Did you wanna play checkers?"
Mr. Goldenfold says: "Let’s be rational!"
Mr. Goldenfold says: "I’ll see you at God’s house!"
Pentagon war room, everyone is arguing.
President says: "Gentlemen, gentlemen, one at a time!"
President says: "Simon?"
Simon says: "SETI, NORAD, and every broadcaster on the planet are attempting to show this being what humanity’s got."
Simon says: "String theory, world history, the human genome."
Nathan slams fist on table.
Nathan says: "Have you tried sending it launch codes?"
Nathan says: "Mr."
Nathan says: "President, what America’s got is 70,000 megatons of KABOOM-BOOM!"
Nathan says: "And I say we show it right up this floating head’s ass!"
Argument begins again. A portal appears and Rick and Morty step through.
Guards says: "Hold it!"
Guards says: "Don’t move!"
Rick says: "Stay back!"
Rick says: "This watch turns people into snakes!"
Guards stop and look at Nathan for approval. Nathan nods at them, and the guards aim. A laser fires at the guards and they disappear, leaving only snakes.
President says: "Stand down."
President says: "Everybody stand down!"
President says: "I’m the leader of these people and I’m unarmed."
President says: "There’s no need for any more snake-makery."
Rick says: "My name is Rick Sanchez."
Rick says: "This here’s my grandson Morty."
Everyone says: "Hi, Morty."
Morty says: "Hey."
Rick says: "I’ve seen enough of the galaxy to know that what we’ve got here is a Cromulon from the Cygnus-5 Expanse."
Rick says: "So you can forget about nukes, and you can forget about math."
Rick says: "This head won’t go away until *burp* Earth shows them it’s got a hit song."
Simon says: "You mean like Vivaldi?"
Rick says: "No, Frasier."
Rick says: "A live performance of a newly-written, catchy, original song."
Rick says: "The Cromulon feed on the talent and showmanship of less-evolved lifeforms."
President says: "All right, all right."
President says: "Thank you, Mr."
President says: "Sanchez."
President says: "Change of plan, people."
President says: "Get me Pharrell, Randy Newman, Billy Corgan, and The-Dream."
President says: "The-Dream?"
President says: "He wrote “Umbrella” and “Single Ladies”?"
President says: "You people haven’t heard of The-Dream?"
Rick says: "You’re gonna wanna put them on that giant speaker system at your sonic testing facility at Area 51."
Nathan says: "How do you know about that?"
President says: "For God’s sake, Nathan, the man turns people into snakes."
President says: "He can use Google Maps."
Aide says: "Sir!"
Aide says: "Pharrell, Newman, Corgan, and that Dream guy."
Aide says: "They’re all dead."
President says: "What?"
President says: "How is that possible?"
President says: "Do people just die when I name them?"
Aide says: "The Grammys, sir."
Aide says: "There was an earthquake and all the musicians..."
Aide says: "All the famous ones, they’re gone."
President says: "Dear God."
Aide says: "Hold on, sir, just a minute."
Aide says: "Ice-T survived."
Aide says: "He’s inbound on an F-15, ETA two hours."
Rick says: "Good luck, Mr."
Rick says: "President."
Simon says: "Sir, the magnetic poles are about to reverse."
Simon says: "In two hours, there may not be an Earth to save."
Rick opens a portal.
President says: "Sanchez!"
President says: "Are you a musician?"
Rick says: "I dabble, Mr."
Rick says: "President."
President says: "Get this man and his grandson on a Blackhawk to Area 51."
At the church, everyone is panicking.
Father Bob says: "People!"
Father Bob says: "Everyone!"
Father Bob says: "Remain calm!"
Father Bob says: "Every crisis of faith is an opportunity for more faith!"
Father Bob says: "When God deals you an 11, you don’t fold!"
Father Bob says: "You double down, and always hit on a soft 16."
Father Bob says: "That means you, Jews."
Jew says: "I beg your pardon, pastor, but the last I looked outside, it seems to be you that’s been dealt the weak hand."
Jew says: "Jews rule!"
Jew says: "Nobody?"
Jew says: "Ok, tough church."
Principal Vagina says: "Hi, Principal Vagina."
Principal Vagina says: "The name’s real, possibly Scandinavian."
Principal Vagina says: "I’m just gonna come out and make this pitch."
Principal Vagina says: "The old gods are dead."
Principal Vagina says: "Fuck all previous existing religions."
Principal Vagina says: "All hail the one true god, the giant head in the sky."
Principal Vagina says: "Ah, di di di di."
Principal Vagina says: "Outta my way!"
Pastor Bob says: "Ok, if sanity’s been restored to this assembly, I’d like to talk about the cost of repairing our new organ."
Pastor Bob says: "Sally, the plate, please."
Mr. Goldenfold says: "Ohhhh, this is my favorite part!"
(Helicopters over the desert says: "Restricted Air Space”."
subtitle “Nevada Desert says: "Restricted Air Space”."
Morty says: "Rick, are you really a musician?"
Rick says: "Who’s NOT a musician, Morty?"
Morty says: "Me!"
Rick says: "Yeah, not with that attitude."
Jump Master says: "We’re in the drop zone!"
Jump Master says: "I’m the jump master!"
Jump Master says: "My name’s Jamey!"
Jump Master says: "With an E-Y!"
Jump Master says: "Go, go, go!"
Morty says: "B-b-but we don’t have a song!"
Outside the church, Principal Vagina is on the sidewalk on his knees.
Principal Vagina says: "Giant head in the sky, please forgive all that we’ve done."
Principal Vagina says: "We’re sorry for increased levels of emissions and our racism."
Principal Vagina says: "And of course, the amber alerts I keep ignoring on my phone."
At Area 51 speaker system, Rick and Morty slide down rope out of helicopter.
Rick says: "WhooooOOOOAHHHH!!!!"
Morty says: "WhooooOOOOAHHHH!!!!"
They land on a stage with various live performance equipment on it. The yellow Cromulon is in front of the stage staring.
Rick says: "All right, Morty, let’s get ready to do it!"
Rick says: "Why don’t you, uh, find a button on one of those keyboards and lay down some kind of beat?"
Morty says: "Rick, I think we need to cut our losses."
Morty says: "We get our family and portal out of here!"
Rick says: "Morty!"
Rick says: "Good music comes from people who are relaxed."
Rick says: "Just hit a button, Morty!"
Rick says: "Gimme a beat!"
Morty presses a key and a beat starts, Rick knocks over a mic stand and starts “singing”.
Ya gotta get schwifty.
Morty starts beating a tambourine in rhythm.
Ya gotta get schwifty in here.
It’s time to get schwifty.
The President and Nathan are watching the performance on a screen inside.
Nathan says: "Get… schwifty?"
Nathan says: "What the hell is that?"
President says: "It’s our world’s best effort, that’s what."
Shit on the floor.
Time to get schwifty in here.
I’m Mr. Bulldops.
Nathan says: "Mr."
Nathan says: "Bulldops?"
President says: "Don’t analyze it, Nathan."
President says: "It’s working!"
Time to get schwifty in here.
Weather starts to die down around the world.
At the church.
Pastor Bob says: "And third-level donors get our all access family pass."
Summer says: "Listen!"
Summer says: "The storm is stopping!"
On the stage.
It’s schwifty time today.
Giant Head says: "Hmmmm."
Principal Vagina says: "Please be kind to us for we are but tiny things with entire bodies stuck to your ground."
Giant Head says: "I LIKE WHAT YOU GOT."
Giant Head says: "GOOD JOB."
Giant Head flies away.
Beth says: "Now hold on a second, let’s be rational about this."
Beth says: "Oh, God, what’s going on now?"
The Earth is surrounded by an energy field and disappears. Earth reappears in another galaxy with four other planets, a disco ball-like sun, and several different-colored Cromulons looking at Earth.
At Area 51.
President says: "What the hell happened?"
Aide says: "Mr."
Aide says: "President, you’re gonna wanna see this."
Rick says: "I think planet Earth has just been transported."
At the church.
Principal Vagina says: "The head has left and sent its children!"
Beth says: "Holy CRAP!"
Summer says: "Oh dear giant head, we apologize for that discussion!"
Summer says: "It will never happen again!"
At Area 51.
Simon says: "Sir, we’ve started picking up on a garbled signal."
Simon says: "We’re decrypting it now."
Screen shows different bands of different aliens on different stages. Dance music plays in the background as the Cromulon narrates.
Cromulon says: "WE ASKED THEM TO SHOW US WHAT THEY GOT."
Cromulon says: "AND THEY DID."
Cromulon says: "NOW WE’LL SEE WHICH OF THEM HAS GOT THE MOST."
Cromulon says: "24 HOURS, FIVE PLANETS, FIVE SONGS."
Cromulon says: "BUT IN THE END, THERE CAN ONLY BE ONE."
Cromulon says: "PLANET MUSIC!"
Cromulon says: "All participation is involuntary."
Cromulon says: "Disqualified and losing planets are disintegrated by plasma ray."
Rick says: "Uhh, it’s probably a bad time to mention it, but any astronauts you guys had in orbit are definitely dead."
ACT 2.
Cromulon says: "Welcome back to Planet Music!"
Cromulon says: "First up, let’s hear the latest song from planet Parblesnops."
Cromulon says: "The Greebybobes!"
Cromulon says: "SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT."
Greebybobe says: "Hold it, hold it, stop!"
Greebybobe says: "Music isn’t about competition or captivity!"
Greebybobe says: "If you love music, you love freedom."
Greebybobe says: "Let these worlds be free, please!"
Cromulon says: "DISQUALIFIED!"
Cromulon says: "There’s one every season."
Cromulon says: "Moving on to planet Arbolez Meterosos."
Cromulon says: "Arbolian Meterososians."
Cromulon says: "SHOW US WHAT YOU GOT."
The Arbolian Meterososians play a very simple and underwhelming song while looking at the Cromulons for approval.
At Area 51. Rick, Morty and Ice-T are in a studio with several instruments. Rick is playing a bass, Morty is poking at a keyboard, and Ice-T is in the corner. The aide comes in.
Aide says: "Rick, Morty, Ice-T."
Aide says: "The timetable’s moved up."
Aide says: "Earth’s on in six hours."
Morty says: "Like we’re not already under enough pressure!"
Rick says: "Whoa ho ho ho ho!"
Ice-T says: "Whoa ho ho ho ho!"
Rick says: "Geez, Morty."
Rick says: "The guy’s just doing his job."
Rick says: "Take it easy."
Morty says: "Rick, Ice-T, could you guys take it less easy?!"
Morty says: "!"
Morty says: "We’ve got six hours to come up with a song!"
Rick says: "Genius happens in the moment, Morty."
Morty says: "Well, can we at least go get our family?"
Morty says: "You know, so we can take them with-with-with us if we lose?"
Rick says: "That’s planning for failure, Morty."
Rick says: "Even dumber than regular planning."
Rick says: "Balls."
Morty walks toward the portal gun.
Rick says: "Morty, Morty, stop!"
Rick says: "Listen!"
Rick says: "There’s only so much charge left in this thing."
Rick says: "If we portal home from here and back, we’re not gonna have enough charge left to get off-world."
Rick says: "Get it?"
Morty says: "What?!"
Morty says: "!"
Rick says: "Yeah, *burp* you see, I try to shelter you from certain realities, *burp* Morty."
Rick says: "Cause if I let you make me nervous, then we can’t get schwifty."
Morty says: "Stop saying it like it’s a thing!"
Morty says: "You made it up!"
Rick says: "Hey, Morty!"
The President, Nathan, and his aide are watching them through a window.
Morty says: "Rick, cut it out!"
Morty says: "That’s not funny, Rick!"
Nathan says: "I’ve seen enough."
Nathan says: "These guys are one-hit wonders."
President says: "And what’s your plan, General?"
Nathan says: "We still have the nuclear option."
Nathan says: "On my word, we can launch a nuclear missile at every one of those heads in the sky."
President says: "Our planet’s held captive on a live game show and your solution is to shoot the audience?"
President says: "You can put your faith in nukes if we get through this, General."
President says: "Until then, I’ll put mine in Rick and Morty."
President says: "“Get Schwifty” was a jam."
Principal Vagina says: "Hello?"
Principal Vagina says: "Yes sir, yeah."
Principal Vagina says: "Thank you sir, thank you."
Principal Vagina says: "He says he’s proud of what we’re doing and hopes we have a great Ascension Festival!"
Principal Vagina says: "Happy Ascension!"
All says: "Happy Ascension!"
Jerry is holding an ice cream cone, Beth looks unimpressed.
Beth says: "We should pack up and leave town now."
Jerry says: "I think it’s inspiring that our community is coping with fear in a way that involves a festival and homemade ice cream."
Jerry says: "If you’d stop being such an evangelical atheist, you might start enjoying yourself."
Summer arrives wearing a head hat, holding two head hats. Beth double-facepalms.
Jerry says: "Whoa!"
Jerry says: "Look at you!"
Jerry says: "You’re wearing the hat and everything!"
Summer says: "Here’s yours!"
Summer says: "Mom, do you mind if I cook dinner tonight?"
Beth says: "Yeah, sure."
Beth says: "Wait, what??"
Summer says: "I love you guys."
Summer says: "You gave me life."
Summer says: "And it’s the will of the many heads that all children honor their parents."
Beth says: "Dinner sounds nice."
Ethan arrives.
Ethan says: "Pardon, Mr."
Ethan says: "and Mrs."
Ethan says: "Smith."
Ethan says: "Summer, are you coming to the Ascension?"
Summer says: "Father, can we please go to the Ascension?"
Jerry says: "Sure!"
Jerry says: "Let’s go to the Ascension."
Jerry says: "Wh-wh-what is it?"
Three people are each tied to a bunch of balloons, tethered to a stake in the ground. One is labeled “Thief”, another labeled “Goth”, and the third labeled “Movie Talker”.
Principal Vagina says: "We hereby send these un-wantables skyward that they might be inhaled by the many heads, later to be sneezed back to us as better babies!"
Principal Vagina says: "Headward, free now to rise."
Summer says: "Oh yes, yes!"
Summer says: "Rise to the giant head!"
Summer says: "You are free to be free!"
Ice-T says: "A squeegee comes up from the garage, right?"
Ice-T says: "And he’s got a lobster in one hand and movie tickets in the other."
Ice-T says: "He’s like, “I’m ready!"
Rick and Ice-T laugh.
Ice-T says: "Who would take a lobster to see Iron Man 3?"
Rick and Ice-T laugh.
Ice-T says: "Aw, damn."
Ice-T says: "We’re out of original flavor Fig Newtons."
Ice-T says: "I should get going anyway."
Rick says: "Wait, wait, wait!"
Rick says: "Come on, h-hold on a second!"
Rick grabs the portal gun, hits a couple buttons, makes a portal in the floor and drops through it. Another portal appears in the ceiling and Rick drops out of it with several snacks.
Morty says: "What?!"
Morty says: "!"
Ice-T says: "Damn."
Ice-T says: "You didn’t tell me you fuck around with portals and shit."
Morty says: "That’s it!"
Morty grabs the portal gun and gets up.
Rick says: "Whoa, whoa!"
Rick says: "Morty!"
Rick says: "Give me that!"
Morty says: "You lied!"
Morty says: "You lied about the charge!"
Morty says: "You were just being lazy!"
Morty says: "Get back!"
Morty says: "Sit down!"
Rick says: "Morty, just put it down."
Rick says: "You don’t know what you’re doing."
Morty turns to a wall and fires a portal.
Morty says: "I’m going to go find Mom and Dad."
Rick says: "Nooooo!"
Morty jumps through the portal and Rick tries to grab him, but the portal closes.
Rick says: "Ahhhh, shit!"
President says: "Ah, shit."
Morty steps through different portals to different worlds, ending up in Buttworld.
Morty says: "Ahhh, shit."
Outside of the Smiths’ home, Summer, Beth and Jerry are hoeing the front yard.
Summer says: "And then Ethan played guitar and we learned the Seven Contemplations of the Head by singing them."
Summer says: "It was really fun."
Summer says: "Praise be the head!"
Jerry says: "Yeah."
Principal Vagina arrives on a bicycle with a seat, bell ringing.
Principal Vagina says: "Hi folks, Head Priest Vagina."
Principal Vagina says: "Thanks for farming all those potatoes."
Principal Vagina says: "It’s 6 p."
Principal Vagina says: "m."
Principal Vagina says: ", so if you’re a parent, you’re now entitled to adoration from your children."
Summer says: "I’m going to start dinner!"
Beth says: "I don’t know what to say."
Beth says: "Summer is doing really well here."
Jerry says: "She’s aced every test in potato class, and look how important potatoes have become."
Someone tied to balloons floats by in the background with label “Inappropriate Joke Teller”.
Balloon Man says: "Please help me!"
Balloon Man says: "You can reach me if you try."
Balloon Man says: "Please help me!!"
Beth says: "That’s not our business as long as Summer is thriving!"
Inside the Smiths’ house, Summer serves dinner at the table.
Summer says: "Taco time!"
Summer says: "I hope it pleases you as the head desires."
Beth says: "That’s wonderful, Summer!"
Jerry says: "We’re so proud of you."
Jerry says: "But honestly, you don’t have to make dinner every night."
Summer says: "Of course I do, silly!"
Summer says: "Heavenly head and cranial creator!"
Summer says: "Forgive my transgressions against family and community!"
Summer says: "May my chores complete me as I complete them!"
Summer sulks out of the dining room and up the stairs.
Morty stumbles out of a portal on a green world and collapses to the ground holding the portal gun. A figure looms over Morty, pokes him with a stick, then rolls him over.
Birdperson says: "Morty."
Morty says: "Birdperson?"
Birdperson says: "You appear to be dying."
Birdperson says: "I will make efforts to prevent this, but can promise nothing."
In the studio, Rick plays with the keyboard and Ice-T is in the corner on his phone.
Rick says: "Wh-What do you think, Ice?"
Rick says: "Probably a little over-developed."
Ice-T says: "Shit."
Ice-T says: "Over-developed, under-developed."
Ice-T says: "Bad songs are bad songs."
Rick says: "Well, do you think maybe, could you give me some help with it, or…?"
Ice-T says: "Ah, hell no, man."
Ice-T says: "You do your thing, but I can’t afford to get my pride wrapped up in your shame."
Ice-T says: "You know what I’m sayin’?"
Rick says: "Ice, I don’t want to be a negative Nelly or anything, but *burp* if Morty doesn’t come back with my portal gun and I eat it out there, it’s, uh, kind of your problem too."
Ice-T says: "Pfff."
Ice-T says: "I ain’t worried about no Earth blowin’ up, man."
Rick says: "What?"
Rick says: "Why not?"
Ice-T says: "Yo, this is why."
Ice-T transforms into a floating ice shard with the same face.
Rick says: "What the fuck?"
Rick says: "You can turn into ice?"
Ice-T says: "My story begins at the dawn of time in the far away realm of Alphabetrium."
Ice-T says: "There, every being is a letter of the alphabet."
Ice-T says: "But I was frozen and exiled to the cosmos by my elders as punishment for not caring enough about anything."
Ice-T says: "Earth is just one of the many stops on my lifelong journey with no destination."
Ice-T says: "So you better believe I don’t care if it blows up!"
Ice-T says: "Cause I’ll just be ice, floatin’ through space, like a comet!"
Rick says: "Take it from me, Ice."
Rick says: "*burp* You can’t just *burp* float around space not caring about stuff forever."
Ice-T says: "Pshhhh."
Ice-T says: "Man, watch me."
Ice-T says: "Good luck, Rick."
Ice-T blasts out of the ceiling of the studio.
President says: "Ok, things are getting out of hand."
President says: "I better make sure Rick has everything he needs to “get schwifty."
Nathan says: "Oh, for God’s sake, that’s enough."
Nathan pulls a gun on the President.
President says: "What the hell are you doing, Nathan?"
President says: "I’m the goddamn President of the United fuckin’ States!"
Nathan says: "I’m setting the nuclear option to launch one minute into Earth’s performance."
Nathan says: "And you, Mr."
Nathan says: "President, I hope you like being hit in the face with a gun!"
Nathan pistol-whips the President and he falls to the ground.
At Birdperson’s residence, Birdperson serves Morty a bowl of food and tinkers with the portal gun.
Birdperson says: "I believe I can access the history of Rick’s gun and help you get back to him."
Morty says: "But can you help me get to my family?"
Morty says: "You know, at my house?"
Birdperson says: "Is your intention to abandon Rick using his own portal gun?"
Birdperson says: "In bird culture, this is considered a dick move."
Morty says: "All of Rick’s moves are dick moves!"
Morty says: "Wh-what am I eating?"
Morty says: "What is this, bird seed?"
Birdperson says: "It is random debris."
Birdperson says: "I found it in my carpet."
Birdperson says: "I don’t know what humans eat."
Tammy arrives wearing a bathrobe.
Tammy says: "You know what THIS human eats!"
Birdperson says: "Don’t be gross, Tammy."
Tammy says: "Bird… dick."
Morty says: "Tammy… gross."
Morty says: "Birdperson, you always stick up for Rick, but he doesn’t care about anyone but himself."
Morty says: "He doesn’t think about the consequences of anything he does."
Birdperson says: "And as a result, he has the power to save or destroy entire worlds."
Birdperson says: "And he is the reason you and I know each other."
Birdperson says: "And the reason I’m alive at all."
Birdperson points to a wall of photos of himself and Rick together. Last shown is Rick holding a baby.
Morty says: "What’s that?"
Morty says: "Who’s that baby?"
Birdperson says: "Morty, suppose you could retrieve your family from Earth but had to abandon Rick."
Birdperson says: "I could give your loved ones shelter on Birdworld, even jobs, possibly as worm ranchers."
Birdperson says: "How often do you think you might look up at the stars and wonder what might have been had you just put your faith in Rick?"
Morty stands in thought for a moment. Planet Music starts back up on the TV.
Cromulon says: "That was Chunky Tunk with “Full Ming Mong, Empty Gorp Dorp."
Cromulon says: "” Up next, planet Earth!"
Morty says: "Oh God!"
Morty says: "We’re up?!"
Morty says: "!"
Morty says: "?!"
Morty says: "!"
At the church, Principal Vagina and other priests are talking with Jerry and Beth.
Principal Vagina says: "Jerry and Beth, your family is a golden example of what Headism has to offer the world."
Beth says: "The world?"
Principal Vagina says: "Headism is a hit."
Principal Vagina says: "We’re taking it worldwide and would like Jerry to be our church’s “Head” of Advertising."
Jerry says: "You… would?"
Principal Vagina says: "Beth, we’d like to promote you from horse surgeon, straight past human surgeon, to “Head” of Medicine."
Beth says: "That’s my dream!"
Beth says: "That’s my dream."
Jerry says: "Thank you."
Jerry says: "This is all so overwhelming, but, uh… we can’t."
Beth says: "Absolutely not."
Principal Vagina says: "I’m sorry?"
Beth says: "We’ve been waiting 16 years for our daughter to respect us, but the key is, it has to be “our” daughter, not this person she’s become."
Jerry says: "We’ll take our chances raising her without fancy new jobs outside of a potato-based religion."
Jerry says: "And you know what?"
Jerry says: "I’m sick of pretending that we’re together because of the kids in the first place!"
Jerry says: "I married you because you’re the love of my life!"
Beth says: "And I‘m lucky to have you and I never tell you that!"
Beth says: "You know, we will come out of this stronger as a family!"
(Cut says: "Summer has tied Beth and Jerry to ropes and balloons outside."
(Cut says: ")"
Beth says: "Please don’t do this, please don’t do this!"
Beth says: "Summer!"
Jerry says: "Summer, listen carefully."
Jerry says: "I stole a paper clip and I have it in my cheek but I don’t know what to do with it and it hurts."
Summer says: "You’re going to be ok!"
Summer says: "You will come back as babies!"
Jerry says: "I AM a baby!"
Jerry says: "I’m a baby NOW!"
In the now empty studio, a portal opens up and Morty steps through.
Morty says: "Hello?"
Morty says: "Is anybody here?"
Morty says: "Mr."
Morty says: "President!"
Morty darts out of the studio to the President and unties him. The President climbs up to the console and presses a button.
President says: "This is Bluebird."
President says: "Code tango-niner-alpha."
President says: "Abort launch."
President says: "Abort!"
President says: "Hello?"
President says: "He’s blocked me out."
Morty says: "Sir, I need to get to the stage and help Rick get schwifty!"
President says: "It won’t matter how schwifty you get, Morty."
President says: "The General’s got nukes set to launch halfway through Earth’s song!"
Morty says: "Oh my God!"
Morty says: "C-c-can you fly a Blackhawk?"
President says: "Can the Pope’s dick fit through a donut?"
Morty says: "Uhhh, I’m not sure?"
President says: "Exactly!"
On the stage, Rick stands before the Cromulons.
Cromulon says: "SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT."
Rick says: "Ahem."
Rick says: "Uhhh… lop-oo-lop-oo-lop-oo-dups, nop-oo-nop-oo-nop-oo-nuts."
Outside the church, Principal Vagina is preparing to cut Beth and Jerry loose. The Cromulons' faces become angry.
Principal Vagina says: "Headward free now to rise!"
Mr. Goldenfold says: "Hey!"
Mr. Goldenfold says: "Look at the heads!"
Mr. Goldenfold says: "Looks like the heads are gettin’ angry!"
In the desert, the President flies the helicopter clumsily to the stage with Morty in tow.
President says: "I’m really bad at this, Morty!"
President says: "There are way too many buttons on this thing!"
Morty says: "Mr."
Morty says: "President, if I’ve learned one thing today, it’s that sometimes, you have to not give a fuck!"
On the stage, Rick continues his song.
Rick says: "Nup-oo-nup-oo-nup-oo-nups… ooh, tough crowd."
Outside the church, Principal Vagina is preparing to cut Beth and Jerry loose.
Principal Vagina says: "I’m sure that has… that has nothing to do with this."
Principal Vagina cuts the rope and the Cromulons immediately start booing.
Summer says: "The heads are displeased!"
Ethan says: "Summer!"
On the stage Rick continues his song as the Blackhawk arrives. Morty and the President slide down ropes out of the helicopter onto the stage.
Rick says: "Morty!"
The Cromulons begin cheering with “Yay!” and “Hooray!” etc. with smiles on their faces. The now unmanned helicopter crashes off frame.
Outside the church, Summer and Ethan are pulling Beth and Jerry down to the ground.
Mr. Goldenfold says: "The heads love this!"
Mr. Goldenfold says: "They love it when we DON’T kill the Smith family!"
The balloons are released, but Beth and Jerry are still tied up.
Principal Vagina says: "No!"
Principal Vagina says: "Stop that!"
Principal Vagina says: "You’re not allowed to interpret the will of the heads!"
On the stage, the President grabs the microphone and speaks to the control room staff.
President says: "Call off the nuclear strike!"
President says: "This is the President."
President says: "Stop the nuclear missile launch!"
Nathan says: "Just launch the missiles!"
Nathan smashes a button and two nuclear missiles emerge from the ground in the desert. The Cromulons watch as the missiles fly toward the yellow Cromulon and lay puny explosions on its chin.
Cromulon says: "BOO!"
Cromulon says: "NOT COOL!"
Outside the church.
Principal Vagina says: "I’m the only one that speaks to the heads!"
Cromulon zooms in close to Earth.
Cromulon says: "DISQUALIFIED!"
Mr. Goldenfold says: "The heads disqualified Vagina!"
Mr. Goldenfold says: "Get him!"
The mob runs toward Principal Vagina. The Cromulon zooms closer.
On the stage.
Cromulon says: "DISQUALIFIED!"
Cromulon says: "DISQUALIFIED!"
The plasma ray points toward Earth and begins powering up. The control room staff evacuates. The plasma ray heads right for the stage but something flies in the way and blocks it.
All says: "Ice-T?"
Ice-T slowly crumbles from the plasma ray’s power.
Ice-T says: "That’s right, it’s me, Ice-T!"
Ice-T says: "I care now!"
Ice-T says: "You made me care more!"
Ice-T says: "With all due respect, I’d like to hear what Rick and Morty have to play."
Morty says: "What do you say, Rick?"
Rick says: "I say…  Let’s do it!"
Morty presses a button on the keyboard and a different beat starts playing. The heads start with “Hooray” etc while smiling. Rick claps over his head and Morty dances a little.
Rick says: "All right!"
Morty says: "Ohhhh yeahhhh!"
Rick says: "Come on, here we go!"
Morty says: "Ohhhh yeahhhh!"
Rick says: "Say it with me!"
Raised up posterior.
Head bent over ahh yeah.
Raised up posterior.
Outside the church, Principal Vagina is ties up with balloons and rope. A different person cuts the rope. Vagina sees the heads smiling as he rises.
Principal Vagina says: "Ohhh my GOOOOODDDD!!!"
On the stage.
Raised up posterior oh yeah.
Head bent over oh yeah.
Raised up posterior!
Cromulon says: "After 988 seasons of Planet Music, the Cromulons have decided to declare Earth the final winner and bring our musical reality show to a conclusion."
Cromulon says: "Goodbye!"
Earth is transported back to the right place.
All says: "Yeah, we did it!"
Outside the church, everyone is still and silent.
Mr. Goldenfold says: "Did he just say “musical reality show”?"
Jerry says: "Yeah, it’s possible that we may have been correlating some things that weren’t actually related at all."
Principal Vagina floats by in the background.
Principal Vagina says: "HEEEEELLLLPPPP!!!!!"
Beth says: "We should go get him."
At Area 51, everyone is celebrating. The President shakes hands with Morty.
President says: "I hope I can call on you again if we need you, Morty."
Morty says: "Sure thing!"
Morty says: "And I was kinda hoping that I could get a selfie with you?"
The President waves over Secret Service.
President says: "Actually, if you try to tell anyone what happened here, we’ll deny it and probably worse."
A Secret Service agent grabs Morty’s phone and snaps it in half.
Morty says: "Understood."
Nathan runs toward them with a gun.
Nathan says: "DIIIIEEEE!!!!"
He is hit with an energy blast from Rick and disappears.
President says: "Why didn’t he turn into a snake?"
Rick says: "Trade secret, Mr."
Rick says: "President."
Rick says: "Particle beam in a wristwatch… snake holster on the leg."
He pulls up his pant leg to reveal a holster which a snake crawls out of. The snake slithers away and a soldier whistles impressed. The President begins laughing and hugs Rick.
President says: "I love this man!"
CREDITS.
(On Alphabetrium says: "a grey J, a gaseous F with a female face, and a Q made of lava."
Ice-T enters a great hall containing his elders says: "a grey J, a gaseous F with a female face, and a Q made of lava."
(On Alphabetrium says: "All three are holding different scepters."
Ice-T enters a great hall containing his elders says: "All three are holding different scepters."
(On Alphabetrium says: ")"
Ice-T enters a great hall containing his elders says: ")"
Ice-T says: "Magnesium-J, Hydrogen-F."
Ice-T says: "Father."
Magnesium-J says: "Word of your selfless acts on the Earth planet have travelled across the galaxy."
Ice-T says: "I have changed."
Ice-T says: "I am ready to rejoin my brethren on Alphabetrium."
Magnesium-J says: "Very well."
Magnesium-J says: "Your exile ends today!"
All three press their scepters on the ground and the scepters glow. The beams form another beam that hits Ice-T and transforms him into a letter T made of water.
Magnesium-J says: "Welcome home..."
Magnesium-J says: "Water-T."
The hall shakes and begins falling apart.
Purple-P says: "The Numbericons!"
Purple-P says: "They’re attacking!"
Magnesium-J says: "Battle stations!"
A piece of the building falls on Magma-Q. Water-T runs over to him.
Water-T says: "Father!"
Magma-Q says: "I love you son."
Magma-Q says: "I should have never turned you to ice."
Water-T produces a pistol on each T-end and begins walking out.
Magnesium-J says: "Water-T, where are you going?"
Magnesium-J says: "There’s too many of them!"
A dramatic zoom to Water-T’s face.
Water-T says: "Then I better crunch the numbers."
(Water-T bursts out of the door shooting at several Numbericons. The frame freezes mid-action says: "“This summer: Water-T And The Rise Of The Numbericons."
we hear gunshots says: "“This summer: Water-T And The Rise Of The Numbericons."
screaming. A title appears says: "“This summer: Water-T And The Rise Of The Numbericons."
END.