Rick says: "Don't worry about Jerry."
Rick says: "He's gonna be fine."
Rick says: "You hear me Jerry?"
Rick says: "You're gonna be fine!"
Jerry pukes.
Morty says: "Woahh!"
Rick says: "ooo..."
Rick says: "Watch out for that stuff."
Rick says: "It'll stain if it gets on your clothes, and it'll send into a murderous rage if it gets in your eyes or mouth."
Beth says: "Why would you keep mutant bacteria in a pint of Cherry Garcia?"
Rick says: "I know this isn't the time, but, you know, technically the second freezer drawer is mine."
Beth says: "Not anymore."
Rick says: "You're overreacting!"
Alien Nurse says: "We're losing him."
Rick says: "Alright fine, but you're not touching my CRISPR."
Summer says: "Is he going to die?"
Alien Nurse says: "Don't worry."
Alien Nurse says: "Dr."
Dr. Glipglop says: "Hello, I'm Dr."
Dr. Glipglop says: "Glipglop."
Jerry pukes a projectile of bile directly at Dr. Glipglop. Dr. Glipglop breaks out into a murderous rage. Rick then disintegrates Dr. Glipglop .
Rick says: "What?"
Rick says: "Every hospital claims to have the best doctor in the galaxy."
Rick says: "It's like those pizza places that claim to have the best pizza in the world."
Rick says: "What- Do you think they have pizza contests?"
Rick says: "Have you ever been to a pizza contest?"
Beth says: "Go in the waiting room, Dad."
Rick says: "Fine!"
Alien Nurse says: "Hey!"
Alien Nurse says: "What are you doing!"
Alien Nurse says: "?!"
Alien Nurse says: "!"
Rick says: "A sequel."
Alien Nurse says: "I don't understand."
Rick says: "Yeah me neither, we pretty much nailed it the first time."
Intro.
Rick begins to flip through channels while Morty and Summer look very worried.
Randy Dicknose says: "Man vs."
Randy Dicknose says: "Car."
Randy Dicknose says: "The newest hit show where it pits a man vs."
Randy Dicknose says: "a car."
Randy Dicknose says: "Tonight's episode Jenkins fights..."
Randy Dicknose says: "a regular old car."
Randy Dicknose says: "Here we go."
Randy Dicknose says: "He's pushin' his way through, he's trying to fight that car."
Randy Dicknose says: "The car seems to have the upper hand- Oh, he just got some push-back there."
The car runs over the man and the tires rip him apart.
Randy Dicknose says: "Oh, he just got ran over and chewed up by the tires."
Randy Dicknose says: "I guess that's another one for the car."
Randy Dicknose says: "Ha ha ha ha ha..."
Randy Dicknose says: "I mean, wouldn't the cars always win..."
Randy Dicknose says: "?"
Channel changes.
Alien Man says: "Samantha, I need to know that you understand that I have a couple of eye-holes."
Samantha says: "I do, I do understand about your eye-holes!"
Samantha says: "Here, look at my eye-holes!"
Alien Man says: "Oh, my goodness you have eight eye-holes!"
Alien Man says: "Oh, I'm looking through your eye-holes!"
Samantha says: "Yes, look through my eye-holes!"
The Eye-hole man hovers above the home in a helicopter, then uses a rope to drop into the house.
Eye-hole Man says: "I'm the Eye-hole Man!"
Eye-hole Man says: "I'm the only one whose allowed..."
Eye-hole Man says: "to have eye-holes!"
Eye-hole Man says: "Get on up outta here with my eye-holes!"
Announcer says: "Eye-holes!"
Announcer says: "Get them today!"
Announcer says: "IKEA."
Rick says: "You gotta be careful Morty, if that guy catches you with a box of his eye-holes he comes bursting in through a window and just starts kicking the shit outta you."
Rick says: "But it's worth the risk, they melt in your mouth Morty!"
Rick says: "They're delicious."
Beth says: "I can't believe you're explaining alien cereal, we're worried about Jerry."
Rick says: "Well you're thirty-nine years too late, or however old he is."
Rick says: "Is he fifty?"
Rick says: "Jesus, Christ, Beth is, is Jerry fifity!"
Rick says: "?"
Transition to Jerry who is just waking up in his hospital bed.
Jerry says: "Where am I?"
Alien Doctor says: "Relax Mr."
Alien Doctor says: "Smith, you're in an alien hospital."
Alien Doctor says: "I mean to you it's an alien hospital, to me you're just in a hospital."
Alien Doctor says: "There's another matter we need to discuss with you."
Jerry Ok?
Alien 1 says: "An hour ago Shrimply Pibbles, the galaxy's most influential civil rights leader, was brought to this hospital's emergency room where he is currently fighting for his life!"
Jerry says: "My God!"
Alien 1 says: "Mr."
Alien 1 says: "Smith, Shrimply Pibble's life can be saved if we replace his heart with your human penis."
Jerry says: "I see-WAIT!"
Jerry says: "What?"
Alien Doctor says: "It's perfect!"
Alien Doctor says: "The configuration of veins, the ratio of thickness to elasticity, the delicate asymmetry of what you call "your balls"."
Alien Doctor says: "With relatively few adjustments, your genitals can be molded into a functioning heart for the most important man in the universe!"
Alien 2 says: "Oh, forget it!"
Alien 2 says: "I told you this was a waste of time!"
Alien 1 says: "Have respect Yarp, the earth man's world is tiny and undeveloped."
Alien 1 says: "He knows nothing of the genocides of Klorgon or the tragic events of 6-5."
Alien 1 says: "3-4-3-2."
Old Alien says: "And even if he did, he wouldn't comprehend them."
Old Alien says: "I've dwelt among the humans."
Old Alien says: "Their entire culture is built around their penises."
Old Alien says: "It's funny to say they are small, it's funny to say they are big."
Old Alien says: "I've been at parties, where humans have held bottles, pencils, thermoses in front of themselves and called out "hey look at me!"
Old Alien says: "I'm Mr."
Old Alien says: "so and so dick."
Old Alien says: "" "I've got such and such for a penis."
Old Alien says: "" I never saw it fail to get a laugh."
Jerry says: "Alright!"
Jerry says: "That's enough."
Jerry says: "You guys are talking about my species!"
Jerry says: "We understand genocide, we do it sometimes!"
Alien 1 says: "Then you would give your penis so that Shrimply Pibbles may live?"
Alien 2 says: "Stop asking!"
Jerry says: "Yes I will!"
Jerry says: "That's right, assholes, take my penis, TAKE IT ALL!"
Jerry says: "And tell Shrimply Pimples that when the galaxy came calling, Jerry Smith from Earth didn't flinch!"
Back to the waiting room where Rick is laughing while everyone else is stressed.
Rick says: "Hey, what's wrong Morty?"
Rick says: "Oh, you're worried about your dad, huh?"
Morty says: "Huh?"
Morty says: "Uh, no no no, I'm-I'm just looking at that lady getting coffee."
Morty says: "What's up with her face?"
Morty says: "Is she a human or is she like Worf."
Morty says: "You know Worf, from Star Trek, how he has the shit all over his face but he's just a human in a costume, you know?"
Rick says: "Morty let's-let's see what else is on."
Morty says: "Okay."
TV Host says: "And now we're back to "How Did I Get Here?"
TV Host says: "" The only show that makes you ask "How Did I Get Here?"
TV Host says: ""  Here's our first person!"
It's the Worf lady stuck on top of a light post.
Worf Lady says: "Oh, oh my goodness!"
Worf Lady says: "How did I get here?"
Worf Lady says: "HELLO!"
Worf Lady says: "?!"
Worf Lady says: "!"
Worf Lady says: "How did I get here!"
Worf Lady says: "?!"
Worf Lady says: "!"
Worf Lady says: "Somebody help me, please!"
Morty looks back where the Worf Lady was and sees that she is not there.
TV Host says: "Ha ha ha ha, right!"
Morty says: "Whoa!"
Morty says: "Look!"
Morty says: "It's that lady with all that shit on her face like Worf from Star Trek!"
Morty says: "Tha-That was getting coffee!"
Morty says: "How did she get there!"
Rick says: "Oh, man Morty."
Rick says: "How DID she get there?"
TV Host says: "How DID she get there?"
Beth says: "Is that something we should be concerned about?"
Rick says: "Just stay away from the coffee machine."
TV says: "Calling all Jan-Michael Vincent's, calling all Jan-Michael Vincent's!"
Announcer says: "In a world, where there's eight Jan-Michael Vincents."
Intercom says: "We need one Jan-Michael Vincent to quadrant C."
Intercom says: "Two Jan-Michael Vincents to quadrant E."
Announcer says: "And sixteen quadrants."
Announcer says: "There's only enough time for a Jan-Michael Vincent to make it to a quadrant."
Announcer says: "He can't be in two quadrants at once."
Morty says: "Rick, who-who is Jan-Michael Vincent?"
Rick says: "Oh man, I'm trying to remember Morty."
Announcer says: "Jan-Michael Vincents are used up."
Radio Control Guy says: "I need a goddamn Jan-Michael Vincent!"
Morty says: "Is it important that we know who Jan-Michael Vincent is in order to get this?"
Rick says: "Nope."
Alien-Robo Judge says: "I refuse to sign the legislation that allows more than eight Jan-Michael Vincents to a precinct."
Announcer says: "This JANuary, It's time to MIKE down your Vincent's."
Announcer says: "Jan Quadrant Vincent 16."
Rick says: "Whoa!"
Morty says: "Whoa!"
Rick says: "That's Jan-Michaels."
Morty says: "Excuse me, nurse, can you take my temperature?"
Morty says: "Because I think I have Jan Quadrant Vincent fever over here."
Rick says: "All right, Morty you've done it!"
Back to Jerry in the operating room from the view of a woman giving birth.
Alien Doctor says: "So, we'll be detaching your sexual organ at the base by making incisions here,here, and here."
Jerry says: "Got it."
Jerry says: "Oh, you know what, I gotta laugh at myself here!"
Jerry says: "I'm having a little laugh at myself because I just realized I haven't run this whole decision past my wife."
Alien Doctor says: "Oh, do you think she'll be okay with this?"
Jerry says: "Oh, absolutely."
Jerry says: "Beth is automatically on board, always, with every decision I make."
Back to the TV.
Stealy says: "Hey, I'm Stealy."
Stealy says: "Follow me on my adventure through this office."
Stealy says: "Alright, here we go."
Stealy says: "We're gonna just steal a couple of things."
Business Man says: "Excuse me."
Business Man says: "Can I help you?"
Stealy says: "Starting with common office objects."
Business Man says: "Hey, hey, hey!"
Business Man says: "That's my stuff!"
Stealy says: "Such as staplers and pins and all sorts of things like-such as that."
Business Man says: "That's it."
Business Man says: "I'm calling security."
Stealy chloroforms the man, then takes his body with him, transition to Stealy walking through the streets, transition to Stealy in his safe room full of items.
Stealy says: "All right, okay, we're in the quiet safe room where none of the people whose stuff I stole can get to us."
Stealy says: "Now, let's look at all the stuff we got."
Stealy says: "We got a bag of Bobbish."
Stealy says: "That's eight brapples."
Stealy says: "We got a plumbus."
Stealy says: "That's six and a half brapples."
Stealy says: "We got, uh, a-crushed party cups."
Stealy says: "Fifteen and a half brapples."
The show plays a "winner" dinging sound effect The TV transitions to a stand up comedy show.
Comedian says: "Welcome back to "funny songs"."
Comedian says: "It's all improvised."
Comedian says: "It's very funny."
Comedian says: "I need a volunteer from the audience."
A man in the audience says: "Um, longtime fan of the show."
Comedian says: "What do you do?"
Comedian says: "What is your profession?"
A man in the audience says: "I am a tax attorney."
Comedian says: "Okay, here we go."
Comedian says: "Hit-hit the music."
Comedian says: ": I'm a tax attorney oh, geez, oh forget about everybody else, forget about Jesus Christ, forget about Muhammed, forget about..."
Comedian says: "."
Comedian says: "all those religions!"
Comedian says: "Ba da ba ba da ba bop!"
Comedian says: "The end."
A man in the audience says: "Oh man."
A man in the audience says: "Oh, that was so-so funny."
A man in the audience says: "Thank you."
Comedian says: "You're welcome."
Comedian says: "Hey, um, security guards, take him out."
Comedian says: "Get him out of here."
A man in the audience says: "What?"
Comedian says: "Get the orthodontist out of here."
A man in the audience says: "No!"
A man in the audience says: "Why?!"
A man in the audience says: "!"
A man in the audience says: "?"
The security guards start beating him up.
Comedian says: "Take him out of the audience."
Comedian says: "Kill him."
Comedian says: "Sick him."
Comedian says: "Demons, suck his life out."
Comedian says: "I don't give a shit."
Alien Doctor says: "Smith family?"
Beth says: "Yes?"
Alien Doctor says: "I wanted to let you all know that Jerry is doing just fine."
All says: "Yeah, whoo, awesome, called it, that's good news!"
Alien Doctor says: "But, ah, Mrs."
Alien Doctor says: "Smith, could you come with me?"
Transition to Jerry's hospital room.
Jerry says: "Hi, honey, so, here's the thing-these guys-they want to completely remove my penis and use it as an alien's heart, and we just need you to sign off on it."
Beth says: "WHAT!"
Beth says: "?!"
Beth says: "!"
Jerry says: "Uh-oh, maybe we have a problem here after all guys."
Jerry says: "Yikes."
Alien Doctor says: "His penis will be replaced with a sophisticated prosthetic, now there's a wide range of options to chose from, they're all in this catalog."
Beth says: "I don't care about prosthetics, this is insane!"
Beth says: "What do you people think you're doing?"
Alien Doctor says: "I understand your feelings, Mrs."
Alien Doctor says: "Smith."
Beth says: "Oh, I don't think you do."
Beth says: "I bring my husband in for emergency medical treatment, he's gone an hour, and now you want his PENIS, and you hand me some..."
Beth says: "catalog."
Beth says: "It's--It's--It's--It's, I mean."
She looks at the catalog and gets less and less angry about the idea.
Jerry says: "Sheesh, well, there you go."
Jerry says: "Sorry."
Jerry says: "I know it's hard to understand, but on Earth, love comes first."
Alien Doctor says: "There are those that believe, Mr."
Alien Doctor says: "Smith, that Shrimply Pibbles represents love between all life."
Alien Doctor says: "His fate will determine the fate of hundreds of billions of sentient life forms."
Beth says: "Woah!"
Beth says: "Woah."
Beth says: "So, billions of life forms?"
Alien Doctor says: "Hundreds of billions."
Beth says: "I mean, Jerry, y-you didn't explain the full gravity of the situation."
Jerry says: "Uh, well, Beth, I don't think your decision should be based on politics."
Jerry says: "Who could argue with a wife's decision to keep her LOVER INTACT."
Beth says: "Well I don't think that's fair at all, Jerry."
Beth says: "At all."
Beth says: "In fact, I think this whole paradigm has sexist overtones."
Jerry says: "Beth, can we talk about this privately?"
Beth says: "You know, I think, the bottom line is, Jerry, if you want to keep your penis, you should say, out loud, "I prefer to keep my penis."
Jerry says: ": But, Beth, what kind of man would say something like that if the universe needed his penis!"
Jerry says: "?!"
Jerry says: "!"
Beth says: "Well, Jerry, what kind of wife would I be if I did anything to stand in your way?"
She looks at the catalog again, definitely with future plans in mind.
Transition to the waiting room, a commercial plays.
Restaurant chef says: "Hey, listen, is your mouth tiny and small?"
Restaurant chef says: "Then why don't you come down to 'Little Bits?"
Background whisper says: "LIttle Bits!"
Resturant chef says: "Where the food is tiny..."
Resturant chef says: "it looks like regular food."
Resturant chef says: "But really tiny."
Resturant chef says: "You put it in your mouth and eat it."
Resturant chef says: "Nothing gets stuck in your lips."
Resturant chef says: "It's just tiny and tiny and fits  fits right in!"
Background whisper says: "Little Bits!"
Restaurant chef says: "Oh, shit!"
Restaurant chef says: "We got tiny people!"
Background whisper says: "Little Bits!"
Restaurant chef says: "You hungry?"
Restaurant chef says: "Come on down!"
Background whisper says: "Little Bits!"
Restaurant chef says: "Eat some fucking shit, you fucking stupid bitch!"
Restaurant chef says: "Just kidding."
Transition to Jerry and the alien doctor. Alien doctor leads Jerrry into a secluded room with a desk and a computer.
Alien doctor says: "You got some time to kill befpre the procedure, so I assume you'd like to uh..."
Alien doctor says: "."
Alien doctor says: "use your penis one last time."
Alien doctor says: "Here's my computer."
Alien doctor says: "It's got the alien internet on it."
Alien doctor says: "There's some..."
Alien doctor says: "porn."
Alien doctor says: "And there's an alien towel- I actually got that on another planet, so it is an alien towel to me!"
Alien doctor says: "Good luck!"
Jerry says: "Thanks."
Jerry says: "Hmm.."
Jerry says: "Hey!"
Jerry says: "Wait a minute!"
Alien doctor says: "Oh, um..."
Alien doctor says: "Mr."
Alien doctor says: "Smith!"
Jerry says: "Yeah, just masturbating!"
Alien doctor says: "I forgot to mention, there are extensive medical records open on my desktop, but >I trust you to confine your activities to the purely pornographic."
Jerry says: "Absolutely!"
Alien doctor whlile leaving Good luck!
The door closes and Jerry clicks back on the window with the secluded information.
Jerry says: "My God!"
Jerry says: "You just wrote my penis a one-way ticket to staying on my body town."
Transition to the waiting room, a news show starts playing, a weird worm-like creature in a suit whose body fades out in the right screen holds a bunch of paper.
Announcer says: "It's the Opposite news, with Michael Thompson!"
Michael Thompson says: "Hey, everybody, it's me, Michael Thompson!"
Michael Thompson says: "Today, the pope..."
Michael Thompson says: "didn't.."
Michael Thompson says: "get killed!"
Michael Thompson says: "He's perfectly fine..."
Michael Thompson says: "and he's on vacation on Aruba."
Michael Thompson says: "Uh."
Morty says: "Hey, Rick.."
Morty says: "what's the deal with this guy?"
Morty says: "Why is his body, like.."
Morty says: "sloping off to the right side of the screen like that?"
Rick says: "I dunno."
Rick says: "Let's see what else is on, huh?"
Channel changes to a cooking show with a similar alien whose body disappears in the left side of the screen.
Pichael Thompson says: "Hey, welcome to 'cooking things'!"
Pichael Thompson says: "I'm Pichael Thompson!"
Morty says: "Hey, look, rick!"
Morty says: "This guy's body is, like, sloping down and leaning off to screen left!"
Rick says: "Oh my God, and his name's Pichael!"
Pichael Thomson says: "I'm cooking a little bit of this, I'm gonna cook a little bit of that.."
Pichael Thomson says: "Oh, hey!"
Pichael Thomson says: "Stop tugging, Michael!"
Morty says: "Oh my God, Siamese twins!"
Morty says: "They're siamese twins!"
Michael Thompson says: "You wuit tugging!"
Michael Thompson says: "I'm in the middle of my news!"
Pichael Thompson says: "Oh, oh, it's always about you, isn't it."
Pichael Thompson says: "Can you believe this guy, ladies and gentlemen?"
Pichael Thompson says: "He'S got his own news show, he' got a normal name.."
Morty says: "Hey, flip back to the news!"
Rick says: "Oh, yeah, yeah,yeah!"
Rick flips the channel back to the news, the news show is without hosts, you hear the brothers arguing.
Pichael Thomson says: "You can tell our parents started with naming him."
Pichael Thomson says: "It's like, oh, Michael."
Pichael Thomson says: "They had that one planned before they even got pregnant, I bet."
Summer says: "I don't wanna be that girl, but maybe there would be less conflict if they didn't shoot there shows at the same time?"
Rick says: "Uh, Summer, you have no idea how much money that must save productions."
The channels switch to the brothers again.
Pichael Thompson says: "And then they found out I was attached to him along for the ride and they said, 'Ah well, shit."
Pichael Thompson says: "Ah, just fuck it, call him Pichael!"
Michael Thompson says: "Fuck you, Pichael!"
Michael Thompson says: "You're a fucking piece of shit!"
Jingle. Summer looks scared, Morty looks creeped out, Rick looks indifferent.
Transition to an alien press conference, Alien 1 from the surgical room earlier is speaking, cameras click, Beth is searching the catalog, impressed, Jerry watches her angrily, Alien 2 watches Alien 1.
Alien  1 says: "Good afternoon!"
Alien  1 says: "I know all of you are wondering about the condition of our dear beloved Pibbles."
Beth says: "Which would you prefer between the XP20 and the XP20XS?"
Jerry says: "I prefer my own penis!"
Jerry says: "And so should you!"
Alien 1 says: "The brave earth man whose sacrifice is going to allow Shrimply Pibbles to live."
Alien 1 says: "Mr."
Jerry says: "Hello, everyone!"
Jerry says: "Let's hear it again for Shrimply Pibbles, huh."
Jerry says: "Um..."
Jerry says: "yeah.."
Jerry says: "well..."
Jerry says: "it occurs to me that his heroin addiction may not have been a matter of public record!"
Male reporter alien 1 says: "You realize heroin makes up to ten percent of the atmosphere on Shrimply Pibbles' home planet?"
Female reporter alien says: "His planet got destroyed by Clorgon death squads, he can't live outside of it without breathing heroin."
Jerry says: "Right!"
Jerry says: "I know that!"
Jerry says: "I just think..."
Male reporter alien 2 says: "This guy's trying to get out of giving away his penis!"
Transition to the waiting room, a documentary starts playing.
This article is a stub. You can help the Rick and Morty Wiki by  expanding it.