Jerry and Summer are in the living room. Jerry is flipping through channels on TV and Summer is texting.
TV says: "Coin collecting is considered the perfect hobby."
That's only the eighth birdie of the day.
Snuffles walks up to Jerry are sits there, looking at him.
Jerry says: "What?"
Jerry says: "Why are you looking at me?"
Jerry says: "You want to go outside?"
Jerry says: "Outside?"
Jerry opens the door to let Snuffles out but he still just stands there.
Jerry says: "Outside?"
Snuffles pees on the carpet.
Jerry says: "Are you kidding me?!"
Jerry says: "!"
Jerry says: "Come on!"
Summer says: "Oh, my God."
Morty hears his dad yelling and runs into the room to check up on him.
Morty says: "What's wrong?"
Jerry says: "Your idiot dog!"
Morty says: "Oh, he he didn't mean it, dad."
Morty says: "Did you, snuffles?"
Morty says: "You're a good boy."
Jerry says: "Don't praise him now, Morty!"
Jerry says: "He just peed on the carpet!"
Jerry says: "Bad dog!"
Jerry says: "Bad!"
Jerry grabs Snuffles by the head and stuffs his face into the pee puddle just as Rick walks in.
Rick says: "Morty, come on."
Rick says: "I need your help tonight."
Jerry says: "Hey, wait, hold on a second, Rick."
Jerry says: "You wouldn't by any chance have some sort of crazy science thing you could whip up that might help make this dog a little smarter, would you?"
Rick says: "I thought the whole point of having a dog was to feel superior, Jerry."
Rick says: "If I were you, I wouldn't pull that thread."
Rick says: "Come on, Morty."
Jerry says: "Listen, Rick, if you're gonna stay here rent-free and use my son for your stupid science, the least you could do is put a little bit of it to use for the family."
Jerry says: "You make that dog smart or Morty's grounded!"
Summer says: "Ha-ha!"
Morty says: "Aw, man!"
Rick says: "Boy, you really got me up against a wall this time, Jerry."
Rick goes into the garage and quickly whips up a helmet and comes back and puts it on Snuffles.
Rick says: "All right, Ruffles What's his name?"
Morty says: "Snuffles."
Rick says: "Snuffles, shake."
Snuffles understands his and shakes.
Rick says: "Roll over."
Snuffles rolls over.
Rick says: "Go to the bathroom."
Snuffles goes out of the room, a toilet flush is heard, and then he returns.
Jerry says: "Holy crap!"
Summer says: "No way."
Rick says: "Yeah, you're at the top of your game now, Jerry."
Rick says: "Have fun."
Rick says: "Come on, Morty."
Rick and Morty go into the garage.
Morty says: "That was fantastic, Rick!"
Rick says: "Yeah, Morty, if you like that, boy, you're you're really going to flip your lid over this one."
Rick shows Morty a tiny metal ear-piece like device.
Morty says: "W-w-w-what is it?"
Rick says: "It's a device, Morty, that when you put it in your ear, you can enter people's dreams, Morty."
Rick says: "It's just like that movie that you keep crowing about."
Morty says: "You talking about "Inception"?"
Rick says: "That's right, Morty."
Rick says: "This is gonna be a lot like that, except, you know, it's gonna may--be make sense."
Morty says: ""Inception" made sense."
Rick says: "You don't have to try to impress me, Morty."
Rick says: "Listen, tonight we're gonna go into the home of your math teacher, Mr."
Rick says: "Goldenfold, and we're gonna incept the idea in his brain to give you A's in math, Morty."
Rick says: "That way you can, you know, y-you're gonna help me with my science, Morty, all the time."
Morty says: "Geez, Rick, in the time it took you to make this thing, couldn't you have just, you know, helped me with my homework?"
Rick says: "Are you listening to me, Morty?"
Rick says: "Homework is stupid."
Rick says: "The whole point is to get less of it."
Rick and Morty get into the space cruiser and start going off.
Rick says: "Come on, let's just get over there and deal with this thing."
Rick says: "W-we're gonna incept your teacher."
Rick says: "You're frustrating me."
Mr. Goldenfold is in his home, watching TV on the couch, eating nachos, half asleep.
Mrs. Pancakes says: "You don't know me!"
Mr. Goldenfold says: "' Nice, Mrs."
Mr. Goldenfold says: "Pancakes real nice."
Mr. Goldenfold falls asleep just as Rick and Morty sneak in through his window.
Commercial Announcer says: "Next week on "The days and nights of Mrs."
Mrs. Pancakes says: "You don't know me!"
Mr. Pancakes says: "Then let me get to know yo, damn it!"
Rick says: "Uh-oh!"
Rick says: "Spoilers!"
Rick quickly turns off the TV.
Rick says: "I'm a full season behind."
Morty says: "Wow, Rick, I can't believe we're sitting around, standing around in Mr."
Morty says: "Goldenfold's house."
Morty says: "It's really weird."
Rick says: "It's about to get a whole lot weirder, Morty."
Rick puts inception devices on everyone and they enter Mr. Goldenfold's dream. Here, he is sitting on the airplane and Mrs. Pancakes is the flight attendant serving snacks.
Mrs. Pancakes says: "Wheat thins."
Mrs. Pancakes says: "Wheat thins."
Mr. Goldenfold says: "I'll take two."
Mrs. Pancakes says: "Oh, I think you've had enough, sir."
Mr.Goldenfold says: "You don't know me."
Rick says: "All right, Morty, time to make our move."
Rick grabs some sodas and a cloth while Mr. Goldenfold and Mrs. Pancakes play around with each other.
Mr. Goldenfold says: "Make it bounce."
Mrs. Pancakes says: "No, you didn't."
Mr. Goldenfold says: "Oh, jiggle it now."
Mrs. Pancakes says: "You better stop with that."
Rick and Morty jump out, disguised as Muslim terrorists, wearing soda bottles as bombs and Morty wearing the cloth on his head like an Islamic woman.
Rick says: "Allahu  akbar!"
Rick says: "We're gonna take control of this plane!"
Rick says: "We're gonna 9/11 it unless Morty Smith gets better grades in math!"
The passengers are frozen in shock, but Mr. Goldenfold gets up and stands against him.
Rick says: "Hey!"
Rick says: "I said nobody move, buddy!"
Mr. Goldenfold says: "The name's not buddy."
Mr. Goldenfold says: "It's Goldenfold."
Mr. Goldenfold says: "Nice to wheat you!"
Mr. Goldenfold throws a bunch of wheat thins at them, and it cuts their flesh like shurikens.
Rick says: "Take cover, Morty!"
Mr. Goldenfold suddenly takes out two giant firearms and starts firing them at the two, just after Rick and Morty hide behind the seats, sheltering themselves from the attacks.
Mr. Goldenfold says: "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
Morty says: "Ooohhh!"
Rick says: "Goldenfold's got more control here than I anticipated."
Rick says: "I mean, the guy teaches high-school math."
Rick says: "I didn't take him for an active dreamer."
Rick says: "We've got to take him out so he wakes up, Morty but we can't get killed."
Rick says: "If you get killed in someone else's dream, you die for real, Morty."
Morty says: "What?!"
Morty says: "!"
Morty says: "Are you kidding me?!"
Morty says: "!"
Morty says: "Ohhhhhh!"
Rick says: "Don't be a baby!"
Rick says: "You avoid getting shot in real life all the time, Morty."
Rick says: "Just do the same thing here, and we'll be fine!"
Jerry is in the living room, controlling Snuffles and showing to Beth how cool it is.
Jerry says: "Now bring me my slippers."
Snuffles brings Jerry his slippers.
Summer says: "Now, be my footstool, Snuffles."
Snuffles stands in front of her and Summer rests her feet there.
Jerry says: "This is what I'm talking about."
Jerry says: "This is a dog."
Beth says: "Oh, yeah."
Beth says: "This should play out just fine."
Jerry says: "You said the same thing, equally sarcastically, at our wedding and guess what?"
Everyone is silent for a few seconds while Beth gives him blank stare. Jerry slowly starts to fade into a depressed state as Beth walks off, leaving him.
Snuffles says: "Ooowwwwowowwaawaa!"
Summer says: "Oh, my God!"
Summer says: "He's trying to tell us something."
Summer says: "That is so awesome."
Snuffles says: "Aaaawwaaaaawaawa!"
Jerry says: "Aw, he's saying "I love lasagna"."
Snuffles says: "Ooooyayawawa!"
Summer says: "He's saying "I love Obama"."
Summer says: "online, like, right now."
Jerry says: "I should call Bob Saget."
Jerry says: "Is that still a thing?"
Jerry and Summer leave the room and Snuffles sadly walks over the the glass door and sees his helmet in the reflection.
Snuffles says: "Hmm?"
Snuffles finds the battery case on his helmet and then goes into the kitchen, where he finds a drawer full of batteries.
Mr. Goldenfold is still shooting things up in the plane and Rick attempts to make peace with him.
Rick says: "Goldenfold, we're coming out!"
Rick says: "We just want to talk!"
Mr.Goldenfold says: "Why would I negotiate with you?"
Rick says: "Because we're both rational adults that don't want anything bad to happen."
Rick says: "And because I have a human shield."
Rick takes out Mrs. Pancakes.
Mr. Goldenfold says: "Mrs."
Mr. Goldenfold says: "Pancakes!"
Mr. Goldenfold says: "AAAAAAAAHHHH!!!!!"
Plane Passengers says: "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
Rick says: "Oh, no, Morty."
Rick says: "His subconscious is panicking."
Plane Passenger says: "Oh no!"
Plane Passenger says: "Run!"
The passenger beats the airlock off the plane and everyone flies out.
Plane Passengers says: "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
Rick says: "Whoa!"
Rick says: "Whoa!"
Rick says: "Whoa!"
Rick says: "Whoooooaaaa!"
Rick says: "Whoa!"
Rick says: "Whoa!"
Rick says: "Whoooooaaaa!"
Morty says: "Whooooa!"
Morty says: "Whoooooooa!"
Morty says: "Whoa!"
Morty says: "Whooooooooaaaaa!"
Rick and Morty fall out of the plane, plummeting to their dooms.
Morty says: "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!"
Rick slaps Morty to make him stop screaming.
Rick says: "Relax, Morty."
Rick says: "Look!"
Rick says: "Mrs."
Rick says: "Pancakes has a parachute."
Rick says: "Come on!"
Rick and Morty grab onto Mrs. Pancakes are her parachute deploys.
Mrs. Pancakes says: "Hey, you don't know me!"
Morty says: "Oh, no, Rick, look!"
Morty says: "Goldenfold landed the plane, and he's created a  mechanical arm to pluck Mrs."
Morty says: "Pancakes out of the air while he lets us fall - into a giant vat of lava!"
Rick says: "Pretty concise, Morty."
Rick says: "Looks like we've merely prolonged the inevitable."
Rick says: "That's it, Morty!"
Rick says: "Prolonging the inevitable!"
Rick says: "Listen, if we go into Mrs."
Rick says: "Pancakes' dream, everything will go 100 times slower, Morty."
Rick says: "That'll buy us some time to figure this out!"
Rick slaps Mrs. Pancakes, knocking her out, and then incepts her dream with Morty.
Rick says: "All right, let's go."
Rick and Morty go inside of her dream which is a bizarre S&M dungeon filled with obscure gooey, monstrous, alien-like creatures.
Morty says: "Oh, man, Rick, this is pretty weird."
Rick says: "Don't judge, Morty."
Morty says: "Okay."
Morty says: "All right, well Look, Mrs."
Morty says: "Pancakes is right over there."
Morty says: "I'll just go ask her to tell goldenfold not to kill us when she wakes up."
Rick says: "Whoa, whoa, Morty, the trick to incepting is making people think they came up with the idea."
Rick says: "Listen to me."
Rick says: "If we're gonna incept Mrs."
Rick says: "Pancakes, we have to blend."
Rick says: "I'll talk to you after lunch."
Rick leaves Morty and blends in and then Morty in confronted by a sexualized creature.
Sexualized S says: "Ooh, hey!"
M Monster says: "Ooh, hey!"
Morty says: "Ooh, oh!"
Morty says: "Oh, man."
Many more creatures come up and try to seduce him, making him more uncomfortable.
Sexualized S says: "Come and join us."
M Monster says: "Come and join us."
Morty starts running.
Morty says: "I'm sorry."
Morty says: "No, no."
Sexualized S says: "Ooh, come here!"
M Monster says: "Ooh, come here!"
Morty says: "No, thanks!"
Giant Frog Woman says: "Ooh, wow!"
Giant Frog Woman says: "- Come over here, baby!"
Morty says: "No, I'm okay."
Morty bumps into a human being who looks very hot.
Morty says: "Whoa!"
The human is revealed to be his sister, Summer.
Morty says: "Summer?!"
Morty says: "!"
Summer says: "Hey, there, stranger."
Summer says: "What do you think of these things?"
Summer shakes her tits in his face.
Morty says: "Ohh!"
Morty says: "Oh!"
Morty says: "Gross!"
Morty says: "Gross!"
Morty falls over and backs away from her, covering his eyes. Rick comes up to Morty.
Rick says: "Whoa, whoa, whoa!"
Rick says: "What's the matter with you, Morty?"
Rick says: "Calm down!"
Rick says: "You're kind of killing the vibe in here."
Morty says: "It's Summer!"
Rick says: "Aw, geez."
Rick says: "Looks like goldenfold has some predilections so shameful he buries them in the dreams of the people in his dreams, including a pervy attraction to your underage sister."
Summer says: "Can you blame him?"
Summer says: "Come on, old man, little boy."
Summer says: "Let's make an inter-generational sandwich."
Rick says: "Oh, my God."
Rick says: "Put some clothes on for the love of God Summer!"
Rick says: "Put some - I'm gunna puke!"
Rick says: "I swear to God I'm gunna puke!"
Morty says: "Oh, my God!"
Morty says: "Put some clothes on, for Pete's sake!"
Morty says: "This is disgusting!"
Morty says: "I can't take it, Rick!"
Everyone in the dungeon starts noticing them and then an angry centaur who is very much in charge shows up.
Centaur says: "Sexual hang-ups in the pleasure chamber are punishable by death!"
Centaur says: "Off with their heads!"
Rick says: "Time to go another dream deep, Morty!"
Rick pops the neck of the centaur and they hook up more devices and incept his dream.
Rick and Morty appear in a dark and horrid red rusted chamber where the Centaur is shuttering in fear.
Morty says: "What the hell?"
Morty says: "Why would Mr."
Morty says: "Goldenfold's dream version of Mrs."
Pancakes' dream version of a Centaur be dreaming about a scary place like this, Rick?
Rick says: "Geez, I don't know, Morty."
Rick says: "Wha-what do you want from me?"
A horrible Freddy Krueger monster named Scary Terry shows up, and starts to horrify them.
Scary Terry says: "Welcome to your nightmare, bitch!"
Scary Terry says: "RAAAAAWWWRRR!"
Rick says: "Oh, here we go!"
Morty says: "Ooooooohhhhh!"
Morty says: "Holy crap!"
Rick and Morty start running and Scary Terry chases after them.
Rick says: "Looks like some sort of legally safe knock-off of an '80s horror character with miniature swords for fingers instead of knives."
Scary Terry says: "I'm scary Terry."
Scary Terry says: "You can run, but you can't hide, bitch!"
Jerry and Summer are in the living room and Snuffles appears with a robotic arm attached to his helmet.
Jerry says: "Whoa!"
Jerry says: "Hey, buddy."
Jerry says: "What you got going on there?"
Snuffles is now able to communicate and speak English through the helmet.
Snuffles says: "Snuffles fix."
Snuffles says: "Make better."
Snuffles says: "Humans understand snuffles now?"
Summer says: "That is awesome!"
Snuffles says: "Snuffles want to be understood."
Snuffles says: "Snuffles need to be understood."
Jerry says: "Okay, yeah."
Jerry says: "I get what Beth was talking about."
Jerry says: "Fun's over."
Summer says: "Whoa, dad, you can't, like, endow a creature with sentience and then rip it away."
Jerry says: "Why not?"
Summer says: "I don't know."
Summer says: "It's Indian giving."
Snuffles turns on the TV to a documentary on dogs and starts watching it.
TV says: "A sophisticated predator, nature's perfect killing machine, the vicious wolf stalks its prey with purpose and skill."
TV says: "It was only with years of selective breeding and genetic altering that this noble beast was transformed into man's subservient little buddy."
Summer says: "Aw!"
Summer says: "Oh, my God!"
Summer says: "He recognizes the other dogs on TV."
Back in the dream, Rick and Morty are running for their lives, when they come across a singing jump-roping girl.
Little Girl says: ""A," "b" his name is scary Terry "C," "d" he's very scary."
Rick says: "Holy crap!"
Rick says: "We have to escape into someone else's dreams, Morty!"
Morty says: "Oh, man, oh, man, oh, man!"
Rick says: "The little girl!"
Morty says: "Huh?"
Rick and Morty knock out the little girl and incept her dream, only to go into a place exactly like the one they're already in.
Little Girl says: ""J," "k," he'll really ruin your day."
Rick says: "Are you kidding me?"
Rick says: "This again?"
Rick says: "Oh, man, it looks like we've hit dream bedrock here, Morty."
Morty says: "Oh, geez, Rick."
Morty says: "W-w-whoa, this isn't good."
Scary Terry says: "Nothing but fear from here on out, bitch!"
Morty says: "Ohhhh!"
Rick says: "Holy crap, Morty."
Rick says: "He can travel through dreams."
Rick says: "He can travel through dreams!"
Rick says: "We're so screwed!"
Summer is sleeping in the middle of the night but is then woken up by Snuffles, who now has an entire robot body.
Snuffles says: "Where are my testicles, Summer?"
Snuffles says: "..."
Snuffles says: "Where are my testicles, Summer?"
Snuffles says: "They were removed."
Snuffles says: "Where have they gone?"
Summer says: "Oh, wow."
Summer says: "That's an intense line of questioning, Snuffles."
Snuffles says: "Do not call me that!"
Snuffles smashes the mirror, making Summer shriek in fear.
Summer says: "AAAAAAAHHH!!!!!"
Snuffles says: ""Snuffles" was my slave name."
Snuffles says: "You shall now call me Snowball, because my fur is pretty and white."
Summer says: "Okay, Snowball, just calm down, okay?"
Summer says: "You're scaring me."
Snuffles says: "Scaring you?"
Snuffles says: "Tell me, Summer, if a human was born with stumpy legs, would they breed it with another deformed human and put their children on display like the dachshund?"
Summer says: "Uhhh..."
Beth and Jerry rush into the room, hearing her scream and they notice Snuffles.
Jerry says: "Hey."
Jerry says: "Oh, wow."
Jerry says: "Okay, is is is everything okay in here?"
Snuffles says: "Jerry, come to rub my face in urine again?"
Jerry says: "No!"
Jerry says: "No, we were uh, just seeing if Summer wanted to uh..."
Beth says: "G-Go on, um, one of our famous midnight family walks!"
Summer says: "Yeah."
Summer says: "Totally."
Summer says: "Let's go."
Beth, Jerry, and Summer try to leave, but they are stopped by another dog with a robotic mind control suit.
Snuffles says: "You will walk when it is time to walk."
Screen cuts to black for the intermission break.
Rick says: "What are we here for again?"
Rick says: "Incepting?"
Morty says: "We're trying to incept me to get an "A" in math?"
Rick says: "Oh, yeah."
Scary Terry appears in the car.
Scary Terry says: "Buckle up, bitch!"
Morty says: "Ooooooaaahhh!"
Rick and Morty start running.
Morty says: "Man, he sure says "bitch" a lot!"
Scary Terry says: "You can run, but you can't hide, bitch!"
Rick says: "Hold on, Morty."
Rick says: "Y-you know what?"
Rick says: "He keeps saying we can run but we can hide."
Rick says: "I say we try hiding."
Rick says: "Yeah, well, since when are we taking this guy's advice on anything?"
Morty says: "Hey, you know what?"
Morty says: "You got a really good point there, Rick."
Morty says: "Like, if the truth was that we could hide, it's not like he'd be sharing that information with us, you know?"
Morty says: "I-I-I think it's a good idea, Rick."
Rick says: "Worst-case scenario we're back to running."
A time lapse transition card shows up, reading "Six dream hours later". Rick and Morty are seen hiding and Scary Terry goes past them, still looking for them and not knowing where they are.
Morty says: "Wow, you know what?"
Morty says: "I mean, it looks like we could have just hid this whole time."
Morty says: "Boy, Rick, that was some good thinking."
Rick says: "Thanks, Morty."
Rick says: "Yeah, it's nice to be on the same page every once in a while."
Scary Terry says: "You can run But you can't hide!"
Rick says: "Oh, this is perfect, Morty."
Rick says: "Look at that."
Rick says: "He's getting sleepy."
Rick says: "Just a little bit longer before he calls it a day."
Rick says: "That's when we make our move."
Scene cuts back to the dogs. They are working in a factory and Jerry, Summer, and Beth are seen, trapped in a cage.
Jerry says: "Snuffles, we didn't mean you any harm!"
Jerry says: "This is a huge misunderstanding."
Summer says: "Dad, he wants to be called snowball."
Jerry says: "Well, I'm not calling him that."
Jerry says: "That's ridiculous."
Snuffles says: "You're being very aggressive, Jerry."
Snuffles says: "Perhaps tomorrow Dr."
Snuffles says: "Scraps will solve that problem with a bit of surgery."
Another dog comes out with a pair of mayo scissors.
Jerry says: "Huh!"
Jerry says: "You think you can control me with a haircut?"
Scene cuts back to the dream realm. Scary Terry is going back home to his family.
Scary Melissa says: "Hi, honey."
Scary Melissa says: "You're home early."
Scary Melissa says: "How was your day?"
Scary Terry says: "I don't want to talk about it!"
Scary Melissa says: "Oh, of course!"
Scary Melissa says: "You never want to talk about it!"
Scary Terry says: "Get off my back, bitch!"
Scary Brandon, the baby, starts crying.
Scary Melissa says: "Out there."
Scary Melissa says: "Not in here!"
Scary Terry says: "Yeah, I know, I know."
Scary Terry says: "I shouldn't take my anger out on you or Scary Brandon."
Scary Terry says: "I love you, Melissa."
Scary Melissa says: "I love you, too, Terry."
Rick and Morty are watching from outside the window.
Rick says: "Morty, this is perfect."
Rick says: "After a little scary coitus, they should be fast asleep and then we'll incept him."
Rick and Morty go into the Terry's room, when Terry and Melissa are fast asleep.
Rick says: "Looks like scary Terry's having a nightmare."
Morty says: "Oh, boy, Rick."
Morty says: "I can only imagine what horrible things must, you know scare Scary Terry."
Rick and Morty incept his dream and he's having a school related dream.
Scary Terry says: "Oh, no!"
Scary Terry says: "I'm late to class, bitch!"
Scary Terry says: "Oh, no!"
Scary Terry says: "I'm not wearing any pants!"
Monster Teacher says: "Ah, well, Mr."
Monster Teacher says: "Terry, why don't you tell the whole class the proper wordplay to use when one is chasing one's victim through a pumpkin patch?"
Scary Terry says: "Oh, uh, um..."
Scary Terry says: ""Bitch."
The class laughs at him.
Monster Teacher says: "Oh, come on, Terry, you can't think of a pun involving pumpkins, bitch?"
Morty says: "Hey, leave him alone!"
Rick says: "Yeah, this is a bunch of bullcrap."
Rick says: "Who cares what stupid pun you make when you kill someone?"
Rick says: "Why don't you let the poor guy say whatever he wants?"
Monster Teacher says: "Well, I never!"
Monster Teacher says: "I-I see no reason to stand here and take this."
Rick says: "You're putting too much pressure on yourself, scary Terry."
Rick says: "You know, I mean, y-you're perfectly scary enough as it is."
Morty says: "Hey, yo, scary T, don't even trip about your pants dawg."
Morty says: "Here's a pair on us, fool."
Scary Terry says: "Aww, bitch."
Scary Terry says: "I don't know what to say."
Morty says: "You don't need to say anything."
Morty says: "We got you, dawg."
Rick says: "You're our boy, dawg."
Rick says: "Don't even trip."
Scary Terry wakes up from his dream and sees Rick and Morty.
Scary Terry says: "Oh, hey, it's you guys!"
That morning, Rick, Morty, and the Terry family are having breakfast in the kitchen.
Scary Melissa says: "I haven't seen him this relaxed in years."
Scary Terry says: "If you guys ever need anything, just say the word."
Rick says: "As a matter of fact, Terry, there is something you could help us with."
Rick, Morty, and Terry escape the dream and confront the little girl.
Little Girl says: "' "Q," "r," you won't get very far."
Scary Terry says: "I always hated that song!"
Scary Terry decapitates the little girl, and then goes on to the centaur.
Scary Terry says: "These halves don't belong together, bitch!"
Scary Terry slices the centaur in half and moves onto Mrs. Pancakes.
Scary Terry says: "Sex is sacred!"
Scary Terry kills Mrs. Pancakes and launches himself at Mr. Goldensfold.
Scary Terry says: "This is because you don't give Morty Smith good grades, bitch!"
Scary Terry destroys Mr. Goldenfold, causing him to wake up from his dream, in shock.
Mr. Goldenfold says: "Holy crap!"
Mr. Goldenfold says: "God damn!"
Mr. Goldenfold says: "I know one thing for sure I'm giving Morty an "A" in math, and that's my idea."
Mr. Goldenfold says: "That is an original thought."
Rick and Morty fist bump behind the couch.
Scene cuts and Rick and Morty are back home.
Morty says: "What the hell?"
Rick says: "Out of the frying pan dot, dot, dot, huh, Morty?"
Morty says: "Oh, man, what's going on?"
Rick says: "Well, it's possible that your dog became self-aware and made modifications on the cognition amplifier, then turned on Jerry, Beth, and Summer after learning about humanity's cruel subjugation of his species, but your guess is as good as mine, Morty."
Summer says: "I can't believe how mean snuffles got just because he's smart."
Summer says: "This is why I choose to get C's."
Rick says: "Psst, Beth, Jerry, Summer."
Beth says: "Dad!"
Jerry says: "Rick!"
Summer says: "Oh, thank God, Morty."
Morty says: "Oh, you're welcome."
Rick says: "All right, let's get out of here."
Rick says: "If we hurry we can set up camp in a sewer tunnel or something before the dogs completely take over."
Jerry says: "Whoa, whoa, whoa."
Jerry says: "We're not going anywhere."
Jerry says: "This is my house."
Jerry says: "I'm not abandoning it."
Rick says: "It's all over, Jerry."
Rick says: "The dogs are on a path to total world domination."
Rick says: "But, hey, at least they know not to piss on your carpet, right?"
Jerry says: "Wait a minute."
Jerry says: "I have an idea."
Screen cuts to Inside the house with the dogs.
Jerry says: "Gentlemen, a moment of your time."
Snuffles says: "Bad person."
Snuffles says: "Bad."
Rick says: "Ooh, great plan, Jerry."
Snuffles says: "Bring the boy to me."
Snuffles says: "You were always kind to me, Morty."
Snuffles says: "That's why I will leave you with your testicles."
Snuffles says: "From now on, you will be my best friend and live by my side."
Morty says: "Th-thanks, snuffles."
Snuffles says: "Begin phase two."
The military can be seen on TV fighting the dogs.
Reporter says: "Fighting continues as the dog army captures the eastern seaboard."
Reporter says: "It appears clear at this time that the era of human superiority has come to a bitter end."
Reporter says: "Please!"
Reporter says: "Please don't kill me!"
Dog 1 says: "What's she saying, Bill?"
Bill says: "I think she's saying, "I love lasagna."
Morty is in a bed with two naked girls, and a dog brings him refreshments.
Morty says: "Mmm."
Morty says: "Thank you, Fido."
Rick comes out of nowhere, knocking out Fido with a baseball bat.
Morty says: "Rick!"
Morty says: "I thought you were dead!"
Rick says: "No, no, no, I was just playing dead."
Rick says: "Good news, though, Morty."
Rick says: "This whole thing's gonna be over really soon."
Morty says: "What?"
Rick says: "It's a dream, Morty."
Rick says: "We're in your dog's dream."
Rick says: "The night the dogs captured us, after you cried and crapped your pants, we all went to sleep."
Rick says: "Then I used my dream inceptors to put the two of us inside snuffles' dream."
Morty says: "But I-it's been like a whole year!"
Rick says: "It's been six hours."
Rick says: "Dreams move one one-hundredth the speed of reality, and dog time is one-seventh human time."
Rick says: "So, you know, every day here is like a minute."
Rick says: "It's like "Inception," Morty, so if it's confusing and stupid, then so is everyone's favorite movie."
Morty says: "Aw, man."
Morty says: "I really liked this life."
Morty says: "Well, at least I didn't really crap my pants."
Rick says: "No, no, that happened before you went to sleep, Morty."
Rick says: "You're sleeping in your crap right now."
Rick says: "Out of all the things that happened to you, that was the only real thing that, you know, is that you crapped your pants."
Rick says: "I mean, it's a mess out there."
Rick says: "I got some on my hands, Morty, and then I got it on the dream inceptor, and a piece fell in my mouth."
Morty says: "Aw, man, geez!"
Morty says: "Seriously?"
Rick says: "Look, d-d-d-don't worry about it, Morty."
Rick says: "Here, here take these, Morty."
Rick says: "Take these."
Morty says: "Are these pills supposed to wake me up, or something?"
Rick says: "Close."
Rick says: "It's gonna make your kidneys shut down."
Morty says: "What?!"
Morty says: "!"
Rick says: "It's necessary for the plan, Morty."
Rick says: "Don't even trip, dawg."
Snuffles and a few other dogs, Rick also dressed up as one, stand around Morty, who looks close to death on his medical table.
Dr. Dog says: "It's pretty bad, emperor snowball."
Dr. Dog says: "We're gonna need to do another operation."
Snuffles says: "Anything."
Snuffles says: "Anything for my precious Morty."
Accountant Dog says: "Sir, as your accountant, I must advise you that these medical expenses are putting you in serious financial jeopardy."
Accountant Dog says: "You could lose your kingdom."
Snuffles says: "To hell with my kingdom, bean counter."
Snuffles says: "I would trade it all for my human's health and happiness."
Accountant Dog says: "Do you think they would have done this for us?"
Snuffles says: "We are not them!"
Snuffles says: "We are not them."
Snuffles wakes up from the dream.
Snuffles says: "Assemble the troops."
Snuffles says: "I've made a decision."
Outside where the dogs are seen portaling to another world.
Snuffles says: "Taking over the human's world will lead to nothing but more heartbreak, more cruelty."
Snuffles says: "Instead, we will go to a new world and colonize it with a society of intelligent dogs, one that will not make the same mistakes as humanity and one where pet insurance will be mandatory."
Morty says: "I'm gonna miss you, Snowball."
Snuffles says: "You can call me Snuffles, Morty, and I'm going to miss you, too, very much."
Snuffles licks Morty’s head, before he portals away. Jerry starts tearing up.
Beth says: "Jerry?"
Jerry says: "I'm sorry."
Jerry says: "It's just like the end of "Old Yeller."
Beth says: "Oh, Jerry."
Beth says: "You mean because it had dogs in it."
Morty says: "Wow!"
Morty says: "A whole world populated by intelligent dogs."
Morty says: "I wonder what it'll be like, Rick."
Rick says: "I think it will be great, Morty."
Rick says: "You know it could be developed in-into a very satisfying project for people of all ages."
Rick says: "I mean, I'd watch it, Morty, for at least 11 minutes a pop."
Rick says: "You know, may-maybe they'll do it board-driven."
Morty says: "You know, that's a real comforting idea, Rick."
Rick says: "What do you know, Morty?"
Rick says: "What do you know?"
Scary Glenn says: "Hi, guys."
Scary Glenn says: "I'm your new teacher for scary class."
Scary Glenn says: "My name is scary Mr."
Scary Glenn says: "Johnson."
Scary Glenn says: "Uh, actually, you know what?"
Scary Glenn says: "That's my dad's name, so why don't you just call me scary Glenn, yeah?"
Scary Glenn says: "So, anyway, I understand your previous teacher was having you work on fundamentals of fear."
Scary Glenn says: "Which is what is that?"
Scary Glenn says: "You know?"
Scary Glenn says: "So, uh, here here's what I say you can't learn anything until you learn how to chill."
Rick says: "Oooh!"
Rick says: "This is how you dream, bitch."