Open Ext. Rick's Ship in Outer Space.
Morty drives, Rick sits in.
Morty says: "Cool."
Rick says: "*points out the window* See that planet right there?"
Rick says: "Don’t fly too close to that planet."
Rick says: "Someone’ll come out and try to wash your windshield."
Rick says: "Hold on."
Rick says: "*picks up* Yup."
Rick says: "Yeah, I have it."
Rick says: "Where do you wanna meet?"
Rick says: "Alright, cool."
Rick says: "*hangs up* Alright Morty, lesson’s over."
Rick says: "We got some business to attend to a few lightminutes south of here."
Jerry says: "Oh, you still use ‘south’ in space?"
Rick says: "*startled* WHOA!"
Rick says: "Jesus, Jerry, what the hell are you doing here?!"
Rick says: "!"
Rick says: "I guess I remember that."
Rick says: "*rubs forehead* Wow."
Rick says: "And you’ve just been back there this whole time?"
Rick says: "Amazing."
Rick says: "Well we don’t have time to take him to Earth, Morty."
Rick says: "Head for 3124-917."
Jerry says: "*chuckles* Cool!"
Jerry says: "Looks like I’m comin’ along for an adventure!"
Rick says: "Yep."
Trans. Empty space.
Morty says: "This is where we’re going?"
Rick says: "Nope."
Rick says: "This is."
Rick says: "You can park in a handicapped spot, Morty."
Morty parks clumsily.
Trans. Int. Jerryboree.
Human Music plays in the lobby as Rick signs Jerry in.
Jerry-Sitter says: "Well look at this fella."
Jerry-Sitter says: "*pinches Jerry’s cheek* Aren’t you handsome?"
Jerry says: "Thank you!"
Jerry says: "I’m Jerry."
Jerry-Sitter says: "*as if speaking to a child* Oh, I know you are."
Jerry-Sitter says: "Did you come here in a spaceship?"
She guides Jerry through a set of doors.
Jerry says: "I’m travelling with my son and father-in-law."
Jerry says: "Uh, wait, are they coming?"
Jerry-Sitter says: "Oh, they’ll be back soon."
Jerry says: "What?"
A set of sliding doors open, revealing a room full of.
Jerrys from different dimensions.
Pajama Jerry says: "I don’t know how this works!"
Underpants Jerry says: "Help me!"
Jerry says: "What the hell?"
Pajama Jerry says: "I know, right?"
Tuxedo Jerry says: "*enters room* Oh, what the hell?"
Jerry says: "I know, right?"
Trans. Jerryboree Lobby.
Morty says: "*looking at a pamphlet* Jerryboree?"
Morty says: "You created a daycare for my dad?"
Rick says: "You kidding?"
Rick says: "I wish I had this idea."
Rick says: "Well… I did have this idea, but I wish I was the version of me that owned it."
Rick says: "That guy’s rich."
Receptionist says: "Don’t forget to check the reason for your drop-off."
Rick says: "*checks off “Stowaway” and “Annoying me”* Trust me Morty, I’ve heard stories from other Ricks."
Rick says: "Jerrys don’t tend to last five minutes off of Earth."
Rick says: "This is a totally unregistered cross-temporal asteroid."
Rick says: "Here they can romp and play with other Jerrys."
Rick says: "It couldn’t be safer."
As they walk out, Rick hands Morty a ticket.
Rick says: "Hey Morty, hang onto this."
Rick says: "That number’s your dad."
Rick says: "If you lose it, we’re not gonna be able to get him back."
Intro sequence.
Trans. Parking garage.
Morty parks the ship clumsily, damaging nearby vehicles.
Rick says: "Okay, wait here."
Morty says: "I wanna come with."
Rick says: "Don’t come with."
Rick says: "It’s boring, it’s *burps* business stuff."
Morty says: "What kinda business do you do in a garage?"
Morty says: "You know, this seems a little shady."
Rick says: "Right, like nothing shady ever happened in a fully furnished office?"
Rick says: "You ever hear about Wall Street Morty?"
Rick says: "Y-You know what those guys do in th—"
Rick says: "in their fancy board rooms?"
Rick says: "They take their balls, and they dip ‘em in cocaine, and they wipe ‘em all over each other."
Rick says: "You know, Grandpa goes around, and he does his business in public because Grandpa isn’t shady."
Krombopulos Michael knocks on Rick’s window.
Rick says: "Ah, crap."
Rick says: "*rolls down window* Hey, what’s up?"
Krombopulos Michael says: "Hey, Rick!"
Krombopulos Michael says: "Haha!"
Krombopulos Michael says: "Here you go, three thousand Flurbos!"
Krombopulos Michael says: "D’you have the weapon?"
Rick says: "Can… Can we please…?"
Rick says: "This is my grandson, Morty."
Krombopulos Michael says: "Well hi Morty!"
Krombopulos Michael says: "I’m Krombopulos Michael!"
Krombopulos Michael says: "I’m an assassin."
Krombopulos Michael says: "I buy guns from your grandpa."
Rick says: "Ugh."
Rick says: "*passes Krombopulos Michael a case containing the antimatter gun* Here, now go away."
Krombopulos Michael says: "*examines weapon* Ooh, yeah, this looks deadly."
Rick says: "Y-Y-Y-You’re gonna give him your card?!"
Rick says: "!"
Krombopulos Michael says: "I have no code of ethics, I will kill anyone, anywhere!"
Krombopulos Michael says: "Children, animals, old people, doesn’t matter."
Krombopulos Michael says: "I just love killin’!"
Krombopulos Michael leaves.
Morty says: "…You sell weapons to killers for money?"
Rick says: "Ugh… You’ve got what the intergalactic call a very planetary mindset, Morty."
Rick says: "It’s more complicated out here!"
Rick says: "These are Flurbos."
Rick says: "Do you understand what two humans can accomplish with three thousand of these?"
Morty says: "Uh, what?"
Rick says: "An entire afternoon at Blips and Chiiiitz!"
Trans. Blips and Chitz.
Rick says: "Aw, this place is the best."
Rick says: "It’s got beer, games, prizes, and you can never tell what time it is."
Morty says: "You sold a gun to a murderer so you could play video games?"
Rick says: "Yeah, sure, if you spend all day shuffling words around you can make anything sound bad, Morty."
Rick says: "*puts a helmet on Morty’s head* Here, check this out."
Morty’s eyes roll back into his head.
Trans. Roy’s room.
Roy says: "Ah!"
Roy wakes up, frightened and panting.
Roy’s mother says: "Roy, what’s wrong?"
Roy says: "I…had a nightmare."
Roy says: "I was with an old man… He put a helmet on me."
Roy’s mother says: "It’s just a fever."
Roy’s mother says: "Get some sleep, I don’t want you missing school on Monday."
Trans. Roy’s school.
Teacher says: "I want you kids to look around you today and think about your future."
Teacher says: "Now is the time in your life when anything is possible."
Trans. Football game.
Roy is now older, and a football player.
Announcer says: "Spiraling perfectly, it’s gonna be caught by Roy Parsons!"
Announcer says: "Roy Parsons is at the 20!"
Announcer says: "Now he’s at the 10!"
Announcer says: "Nothing can stop Roy the Rocket!"
Announcer says: "Touchdown!"
Trans. Roy’s kitchen.
Roy is older, now married to the girl from the football game with a young son. They’re eating dinner.
Roy’s wife says: "I just think it’s time to get realistic."
Roy’s wife says: "Have you talked to my father about the carpet store?"
Roy’s wife says: "Roy?"
Trans. Carpet store.
Roy now works at the carpet store. He gets a call from his doctor.
Trans. Doctor’s office.
Doctor says: "Had we caught it sooner… Well, hindsight is 20-20, Roy."
Doctor says: "What’s important is that we move quickly."
Trans. Hospital room.
Roy is battling cancer. His wife, older, sits with him.
Roy’s wife says: "*takes his hand* You’re not going to."
Trans. Roy’s house.
Roy survived surgery. His wife wheelchairs him into the.
Trans. Carpet store.
Roy is older still, now greying and wearing glasses.
Customer says: "Hey, thanks for the carpet, Roy."
Roy shakes his hand, then sits and looks fondly at a trophy that reads “World’s Greatest Dad.”.
Voice says: "*shouting from off screen* Hey Roy, you pull those Persian off-white shags for the clearance sale?"
Roy gets up and steps onto a short ladder to retrieve the rugs. He loses his balance.
Roy says: "Whoa."
Roy says: "Sh-shit!"
Roy says: "Shit!"
He hits the ground and dies. Text reads “GAME OVER”.
Trans. Blips and Chitz.
Morty regains consciousness and removes the helmet, frightened and confused.
Morty says: "Whoa!"
Morty says: "What the hell?!"
Morty says: "!"
Morty says: "Wha—"
Morty says: "Where am I?!"
Morty says: "!"
Morty says: "What the hell?!"
Morty says: "!"
Rick says: "Fifty-five years."
Rick says: "Not bad, Morty."
Rick says: "Morty."
Rick says: "You were just playing a game."
Rick says: "It’s called Roy."
Rick says: "Snap out of it, come on."
Morty says: "I’m Morty… You’re Rick… Hey, you sold a gun to a guy that kills people!"
Rick sits in the seat to play Roy.
Morty says: "Don’t dodge the issue, Rick!"
Morty says: "Selling a gun to a hitman is the same as pulling the trigger!"
Rick says: "It’s also the same as doing nothing."
Rick says: "If Krombopulos Michael wants someone dead, there’s not a lot anybody can do to stop him."
Rick says: "That’s why he does it for a living?"
Rick says: "Now if you’ll excuse me, it’s time to thrash your Roy score."
Morty says: "You could stop this killing from happening, Rick!"
Morty says: "You know, y-you did a bad thing selling that gun, but you could undo it if you wanted!"
Rick says: "Uh-huh, yeah, that’s the difference between you and me, Morty."
Rick says: "I never go back to the carpet store."
Alien says: "*passing by, sees Rick playing Roy* Holy shit!"
Alien says: "This guy’s taking Roy off the grid!"
Alien says: "This guy doesn’t have a social security number for Roy!"
Morty looks at Krombopulos Michael’s business card, which shows his location, and walks away.
Trans. Jerryboree.
Jerry approaches the Jerrysitter from earlier.
Jerry says: "Hi, I’m sorry, I think there was a misunderstanding."
Jerry says: "I’m an adult and would like to go home, please."
Jerry-Sitter says: "Well of course!"
Jerry-Sitter says: "Right through that tube."
Jerry says: "*muttering to self* Unbelievable."
Jerry-Sitter says: "You’re doing great!"
Jerry says: "*indignantly* I know how to crawl in a tube."
Jerry says: "*to himself, while crawling* Ugh… Come on… This is harder than it looks…  Whoooooaaaa!"
Jerry lands in a ballpit in an area designed similarly to the Smith house. Other Jerrys are in the ballpit playing Marco Polo.
Pink-shirt Jerry says: "Marco?"
Pink-shirt Jerry says: "Marco?"
Other Jerry says: "Come find me."
Pink-shirt Jerry says: "Marco?"
Our Jerry seems disturbed.
Jerry says: "You guys are enjoying this?"
Jerry says: "Don’t you feel a little… patronized?"
Pink-shirt Jerry says: "How so?"
Someone dressed in a large Beth costume approaches the ballpit.
Daycare Beth says: "Jerry!"
Other Jerry says: "Beeeth."
Jerry says: "Oh, come on, this is ridiculous!"
Daycare Beth says: "I love you, Jerry!"
Daycare Beth says: "Who wants to come watch Midnight Run with director’s commentary on?"
Jerrys says: "Oh!"
Jerrys says: "Yes!"
Jerrys says: "Definitely!"
Daycare Beth says: "First one there gets to adjust the picture settings!"
Jerrys become more excited.
Jerry says: "The factory tint setting is always too high!"
Other Jerry says: "Out of my way!"
Another Jerry says: "The factory tint setting is always too high!"
Timeskip.
Daycare Beth sits on a couch with a Jerry on each side of her and dozens of other Jerrys surrounding them, watching Midnight Run.
Trans. Government outpost.
Krombopulos Michael prepares to carry out the hit. He holds up a heart shaped locket with a picture of a presumed romantic partner in it, kisses the locket, and puts it away.
Krombopulos.
Michael says: "Oh boy, here I go killin’ again!"
Krombopulos Michael sneaks through the building, killing several Gromflomite guards along the way before arriving in the chamber his target is kept. His target appears to be a strange, gaseous being. Krombopulos Michael draws his weapon, but before he can shoot, Morty crashes Rick’s ship through the ceiling, crushing him.
Morty says: "*dazed* All out of off-white Persians… *gets out of the ship and realizes he killed Krombopulos Michael* Oh man, wha-wh-wh-what have I done?!"
Morty says: "!"
Gromflomite says: "Drop the gun!"
Morty says: "You don’t understand!"
Morty says: "This guy was gonna kill someone!"
Gromflomite says: "I guess that makes two of us."
A portal forms through the guard, bisecting him down the middle, and Rick walks out of it.
Rick says: "What are you doing Morty?!"
Rick says: "!"
Rick says: "This is a Galactic Federation outpost!"
Rick says: "Look, I don’t have time to tell you my entire backstory, but Grandpa and government don’t get along!"
Fart says: "You saved my life!"
Rick and Morty both turn to face the gaseous being.
Rick says: "What?"
Morty says: "Huh?!"
Morty says: "!"
Morty says: "Are you Krombopulos Michael’s target?"
Morty says: "W-Wwwwhat’s your name?"
Fart says: "My kind has no use for names."
Fart says: "I communicate through what you call “Jessica’s feet."
Fart says: "” No, “telepathy."
Rick says: "Oh, good job, Morty."
Rick says: "Y-Y-Y-You killed my best customer but you saved a mind-reading fart!"
Fart says: "I like this name, ‘Fart."
Fart says: "’ Morty, would you kindly release me by pulling that lever to the left of my cell?"
Fart says: "I am in great pain."
Rick says: "Morty, don’t do it."
Rick says: "Morty, you idiot!"
Morty says: "Oh crap, let’s get you outta here!"
Rick says: "We can’t get him outta here."
Rick says: "He’s gaseous."
Rick says: "He’s not gonna make it through a portal, Morty."
Morty says: "*stomps past Rick* Well then I guess we’re all getting in the car!"
Fart says: "Fart."
Morty says: "No!"
Morty says: "Jus-j-j-just get in the car!"
Fart floats into the car and Morty sits in the driver’s seat.
Rick says: "Morty, come on, I-I wanna go back to Blips and Chitz."
Rick says: "I don’t wanna deal with this!"
Morty says: "Y-You’ve been clear on the fact that you don’t wanna help, so just go away!"
Fart says: "More are coming."
Rick starts walking off.
Rick says: "Screw this."
Rick says: "I’m out."
Rick forms a portal and leaves through it. Morty tries to start the car as a Gromflomite approaches, but it stalls.
Morty says: "Oooh…!"
Morty says: "Come on, come on!"
Gromflomite says: "Get out of the vehicle made of garbage or we will open fire!"
Morty says: "*still trying to start the car* Oh no no no!"
Gromflomite says: "Open fire!"
A portal appears directly above the guards and water.
Rick says: "Stupid-ass fart-saving carpet-store motherfucker!"
Rick says: "*shoves Morty out of the driver’s seat and takes the wheel* Move!"
Fart moves to the backseat as Morty takes the passenger seat.
Rick says: "Wait, did you fuck with my seat settings?"
Morty buckles up and Rick begins adjusting the seat settings.
Fart says: "More are coming."
More Gromflomites storm into the room. Rick continues adjusting the seat.
Morty says: "Rick!"
Rick says: "Yeah, yeah."
Trans. Gear World, Int. Gearhead’s shop/residence.
Rick, Morty, and Fart wait while Gearhead works on the car. Morty and Fart are watching Gazorpazorpfield.
Gearhead says: "Your geldon convertor is pretty dinged up."
Rick says: "That’s ‘cause my grandson drives like a male Obavradian."
Rick says: "Yeah, I said it."
Rick says: "Some stereotypes are based in fact."
Gearhead says: "Actually, it’s because of years of neglect."
Gearhead says: "You really need to respect your gears, Rick."
Gearhead says: "To you, they’re just wheels with teeth, but in my culture, wars have been fought, entire—"
Rick says: "*interrupts him* So I’ve heard."
Rick says: "Just fix it."
Rick says: "*to Morty* I don’t think the Gromflomites can track us now, but it looks like we’re gonna be here for awhile."
Rick says: "*lowers voice* Or, ya know, if you still have that gun K."
Rick says: "Michael dropped, we can finish the job and go home."
Fart says: "You do understand I’m telepathic, right?"
Rick says: "I’m being polite."
Morty says: "Rick, we’re taking him back where he belongs!"
Rick says: "Yeah, where’s that?"
Rick says: "Are you going on a quest to find he who smelt it?"
Fart says: "I came here accidentally through a wormhole located in what you call “get out of my head, Fart, I know you’re in here, la la la la—"
Fart says: "” No, in what you call the Promethean Nebula."
Rick says: "Oh great, just a hop, skip, and an 800 lightyear jump!"
Morty says: "You know, you can leave any time you want, Rick."
Fart says: "Thank you, Morty."
Fart says: "You are not like other carbon-based life forms."
Fart says: "You put the value of all life above your own."
Morty says: "That’s how things should be."
Morty says: "It’s how they could be."
Fart says: "I could not agree more."
Fart envelops Morty as “Goodbye Moonmen” begins.
Fart says: "/ With feet marching toward a peaceful sky."
Fart says: "/ All the moonmen want things their way / But we make sure they see the sun."
Fart says: "/ Goodbye, moonmen / You say goodbye, moonmen."
Fart says: "/ Goodby—"
Rick says: "*holding a golf club* Shut the fuck up about moonmen!"
Rick says: "This isn’t a musical number."
Trans. Jerryboree.
A roomful of Jerrys on computers forward each other joke.
Random Jerry says: "*opens email and laughs* Duck, duck, birdie?"
Random Jerry says: "Very funny!"
Other Jerry says: "Hahaha!"
Other Jerry says: "Oh, this place is great."
Jerry says: "I almost wish I could stay longer than one day."
Other Jerry says: "*suddenly serious* You just might."
Jerry says: "W-What do you mean?"
Trans. Room of Forgotten Jerrys.
The other Jerry from before leads our Jerry inside.
Other Jerry says: "These are the Jerrys whose Ricks and Mortys never came back."
Other Jerry says: "…They live here now."
Trans. Gearhead’s place.
Gearhead continues working on the car while the others watch Ball Fondlers. The show is cut off by Breaking News.
Gear Anchor says: "No gear turnings as of yet in the curious case of these unidentified humanoid fugitives  reportedly at large somewhere within the Gear System."
Rick says: "Son of a… *approaches Fart* Why were the Gromflomites holding you prisoner?"
Rick says: "What the fuck is so valuable about you?"
Fart says: "I am no more valuable than life itself."
Fart says: "However, I am able to alter the composition of atoms, like this."
Fart says: "That was oxygen."
Fart says: "I added seventy-one protons to it."
Rick says: "*picks up the gold* Ah, terrific."
Rick says: "The fart that pooped gold."
Rick says: "No wonder every cop in the system is lookin’ for us!"
Rick says: "*pockets gold* Any species that gets a hold of this thing is gonna use it to take over the galaxy."
Rick says: "Do you know how inconvenient that’s gonna be to my work?"
Sirens sound outside. Rick rushes to the window and sees police in flying vehicles have surrounded the place.
Rick says: "Somebody dropped the dime on us."
Gearhead says: "*pointing a gun at Rick* I’m sorry, Rick."
Gearhead says: "The reward on your head is too high."
Gearhead says: "And like you always say, you gotta look out for Number One."
Rick says: "Number One is me, asshole!"
Rick says: "You’re supposed to be my friend!"
Gearhead says: "Friend?"
Gearhead says: "Do you even know my real name?"
Gearhead says: "It’s Revolio Clockberg Junior."
Gearhead says: "I belong to an entire species of gear people."
Gearhead says: "Calling me ‘Gearhead’ is like calling a Chinese person ‘Asia-face."
Rick notices a nearby box of twigs, marked with a warning. He throws them at Gearhead and they get caught in his mouth, causing him to drop the gun.
Gearhead says: "No, not twigs!"
Rick kicks Gearhead in the crotch, removes his gear-testicles, pulls two gears out of his mouth, and shoves the gear-testicles in their place while Gearhead moans in pain, clutching his mouth and groin.
Rick says: "Two things I wanna make clear to everybody in this room."
Rick says: "Never betray me, and it’s time to go."
Rick, Morty, and Fart get in the car and fly out through.
Gear Policeman #1 says: "Nobody move!"
Gearhead waves his hands, trying to communicate. The officers see how he’s been disfigured.
Gear Policeman #2 says: "Oh my god."
Gear Policeman #1 says: "Are those…?"
Both vomit oil and metal.
Trans. Ext. Gear World.
Rick leads police on a flying chase, shooting and driving at the same time. Numerous police cars crash, killing officers and civilians.
Rick says: "Hey Morty, remember when you said selling a gun was as bad as pulling the trigger?"
Rick says: "How do you feel about all these people getting killed because of your choices?"
Rick says: "Wrong!"
Both don expressions of surprise as helicopters appear.
Trans. Forgotten Jerrys room.
Ante up.
Other Jerrys stare at him for several seconds.
If you want to leave, you can just go out the front door.
You think we’re kept here against our will? That would be illegal.
Same reason as you. *looks to other Jerrys for confirmation* …We’re Jerrys.
Jerry stands in disgust.
Trans. Jerryboree lobby.
Jerry is marching out.
Okay then, that was always allowed.
Trans. Gearworld.
The chase is still on. Rick stops his vehicle, and.
Gromflomite ships pass him, giving him a chance to shoot them. He drives off.
Rick and Morty clumsily swap seats.
Rick says: "Whoa!"
Rick climbs into his seat as Morty buckles up.
Rick!
An enormous craft lowers down before them. At this.
Rick says: "Shit."
Well, I guess this is it.
Morty open the window and Fart flies out, entering a.
He’d probably like to have me to himself, that’s how friends are.
Fart induces an image in the officer’s mind of Greg.
He crashes his cruiser, setting off a chain of.
The destruction beings to kill civilians of Gearworld.
Rick says: "Damn."
Can’t blame that on the dog. …Talk about silent but deadly. I-I’ve seen some.
Morty, an alt on that one could be, like…if I said Gasablanca! …Alright, I’m.
Trans. Cross-temporal asteroid, customs.
Jerry walks through a set of sliding doors and gets in.
Earth, please?
The alien stamps a ticket and passes it to Jerry.
Jerry says: "Sorry!"
Trans. Ext. Cross-temporal asteroid.
Jerry passes a homeless alien holding a sign that says “WHY.
LIE? WILL USE GLEMS FOR GLOOBIES!” He then spots a creature that appears somewhat.
Jerry says: "Hmm."
Hmm… *hesitantly makes to pet the creature, but its face suddenly splays out in.
Jerry runs into an alleyway where he’s met by a.
The alien suddenly explodes into bluish goo. Some of it.
Jerry says: "Oh!"
Two smaller Garblovians run up to Jerry, jabbering and holding out cups. Jerry runs away,.
Jerry now sits on a lone bench under a streetlight,.
Trans. Int. Jerryboree.
Jerry walks back inside, hanging his head. The.
Jerry-Sitter smiles cheerfully. He approaches some of the same Jerrys from.
Hey, are you the one that left?
I get it. It’s… uh… a hassle out there.
Paul says: "Don’t worry."
I-I-I don’t—It’s very difficult.
Jerry says: "Oh."
I tried that, but there’s two different colors.
Pans out to show several clusters of Jerrys also working.
Uh… There’s two different colors.
Trans. Promethean Nebula.
Dinosaur-like creatures eat plant matter in what appears.
Rick says: "Fine."
Morty, take your fart to his hole and say your goodbyes. I’m gonna find some.
Morty and Fart head north, soon finding the wormhole.
Cleansing…?
Carbon-based life is a threat to all higher life. To us, you are what you would.
Morty. *approaches him as “Goodbye Moonmen” begins, again set to a sequence.
The song is interrupted as Morty shoots Fart with the.
Why… Why?
Morty shoots him several more times until he completely vanishes,.
Goodbye.
Rick is loading something into the ship as Morty.
Trans. Open space.
What?! Rick! No, you can’t!
Rick! You don’t understand!
Rick farts.
Trans. Jerryboree.
Our Rick and Morty enter the lobby, which is filled with.
Ricks, Mortys, and Jerrys.
Rick says: "Hey."
None, we chilled at Blips and Chitz all day, ain’t that right homie?
Darn right bro! Roy rules!
Haha!
The other Rick and Morty leave with their Jerry.
The Jerry-sitter guides a Jerry toward them. He and.
Morty hug.
Morty pulls a ticket out of his pocket.
Uh, that’s a Blips and Chitz ticket.
Morty says: "What?!"
Morty says: "!"
The Ricks exchange Jerrys. Both Jerrys look uncertain.
W-wait, what?
Alright, come on, Jerry.
End credits.
Trans. Alien planet.
Various species of aliens are walking down the street.
END.