Open on Morty combing his hair in the bathroom mirror. He is wearing an orange sweater vest, a yellow dress shirt, and an olive tie.
Pickle Rick says: "Morty."
Morty says: "Rick?"
Morty stops combing, looks around, then continues combing.
Pickle Rick says: "Morty!"
Morty says: "Rick?"
Pickle Rick says: "Hey, Mooorty!"
Morty says: "Rick?"
Morty says: "Are you far away, or are you inside something?"
Morty opens a cabinet beneath the bathroom sink.
Is this a camera?
Morty tries to look inside his comb for a camera.
Is everything a camera?
Morty nervously glances around.
Pickle Rick says: "Morty, the garage, Morty."
Pickle Rick says: "Come to the garage!"
Transition to Morty entering the garage. There is a pickle and a screwdriver on Rick's work bench.
Pickle Rick says: "Morty?"
Morty says: "Rick?"
Morty says: "W-where are you?"
Pickle Rick says: "On my work bench, Morty."
Morty says: "Are you invisible and you're gonna, like, fart on me?"
Pickle Rick says: "Flip the pickle over."
Morty says: "What, I'm gonna touch it, and you're gonna tell me it's an alien dick or something."
Pickle Rick says: "Come on, flip the pickle, Morty."
Pickle Rick says: "You're not gonna regret it."
Pickle Rick says: "The payoff is huge."
I turned myself into a pickle says: "I'm a pickle."
Morty! Boom! Big reveal says: "I'm a pickle."
I turned myself into a pickle says: "What do you think about that?"
Morty! Boom! Big reveal says: "What do you think about that?"
I turned myself into a pickle says: "I turned myself into a pickle!"
Morty! Boom! Big reveal says: "I turned myself into a pickle!"
I turned myself into a pickle says: "W-what are you just staring at me for, bro."
Morty! Boom! Big reveal says: "W-what are you just staring at me for, bro."
I turned myself into a pickle says: "I turned myself into a pickle, Morty!"
Morty! Boom! Big reveal says: "I turned myself into a pickle, Morty!"
Morty says: "And?"
Pickle Rick says: ""And"?"
Pickle Rick says: "What more do you want tacked on to this?"
Pickle Rick says: "I turned myself into a pickle, and 9/11 was an inside job?"
Morty says: "Was it?"
Pickle Rick says: "Who cares, Morty?"
Pickle Rick says: "Global acts of terrorism happen every day."
Pickle Rick says: "Uh, here's something that's never happened before: I'm a pickle."
Pickle Rick says: "I'm Pickle Rick!"
Morty says: "Are you going to, I mean, you know, is this the first part of some magic trick?"
Pickle Rick says: "I don't do magic, Morty, I do science."
Pickle Rick says: "One takes brains, the other takes dark eye liner."
Morty says: "Well, can you move?"
Morty says: "Can you fly?"
Pickle Rick says: "I wouldn't be much of a pickle if I could."
Pickle Rick says: "Morty, stop digging for hidden layers and just be impressed."
Pickle Rick says: "I'm a pickle."
Morty says: "I-I'm just trying to figure out why you would do this."
Morty says: "Why anyone would do this."
Pickle Rick says: "The reason anyone would do this is, if they could, which they can't, would be because they could, which they can't."
Beth and Summer enter the garage from the house. Beth is wearing a midi mahogany pencil dress while Summer is wearing a shorter pink dress with a hot pink jacket, along with black stockings and black heels.
Beth says: "Morty, we have to get going, or we're gonna be late."
Beth says: "Where's your grandpa?"
Pickle Rick says: "Right here, sweetie."
Pickle Rick says: "I'm a pickle!"
Beth says: "What?!"
Beth says: "!"
Beth says: "Why would you -- Look, we're running late."
Beth says: "We have to go."
Pickle Rick says: "Where are you guys going?"
Beth says: "We have an appointment downtown that was set a week ago and agreed upon by everyone, including you."
Pickle Rick says: "Oh, my God."
Pickle Rick says: "Beth, oh, it totally slipped my mind."
Pickle Rick says: "Geez, oh, man."
Pickle Rick says: "I'm a pickle."
Pickle Rick says: "I mean, I don't know if I can, ooh, geez."
Morty says: "Rick, did you do this on purpose to get out of family counseling?"
Beth says: "Morty!"
Pickle Rick says: "It's okay, Beth."
Pickle Rick says: "I understand Morty's suspicion."
Pickle Rick says: "I've misled him before."
Pickle Rick says: "Morty, turn me so we're making eye contact."
Morty turns Pickle Rick's face so that it is facing him.
Morty, I assure you, I would never "find a way" to "get out of" family therapy. I hope my lack of fingers doesn't prevent the perception of my air quotes.
Summer says: "Can't you just turn yourself back into a human?"
Pickle Rick says: "Great question, Summer."
Pickle Rick says: "The unfortunate answer is I did this to challenge myself."
Pickle Rick says: "And it could take hours or even days before I'm able to figure out how to return to human form."
Pickle Rick says: "But, I mean, you know, your mom could put me in a purse or a pocket, you know, if she really needs me to go."
Beth says: "Nobody needs anything!"
Beth says: "Okay, it's fine."
Beth says: "I mean, you should just stay here and figure out how to stop being a pickle, okay?"
Morty says: "Hey, Rick, why is there a syringe of mysterious fluid hanging directly over you?"
Morty says: "Also, why is the string attached to it running through a pair of scissors attached to a timer?"
Morty says: "And why is the time set to 10 minutes from now, exactly when we would have left for therapy?"
Pickle Rick says: "Well, Morty, if you know must know, the syringe is completely unrelated to this discussion, and, therefore, it does not warrant further explanation."
Beth cuts off the syringe and takes it.
Beth says: "Enough."
Beth says: "Kids, it's time to go."
Beth says: "We don't want to be late."
Beth puts the syringe in her purse.
Pickle Rick says: "W-w-what are you doing there, Beth?"
Pickle Rick says: "What are you doing there, sweetie?"
Beth says: "Well, I mean, you don't want to get pierced by a needle full of liquid unrelated to your situation."
Beth says: "How's that gonna help?"
Pickle Rick says: "Can't argue with that."
Beth says: "Great."
Beth says: "We'll see you later."
Beth, Summer, and Morty enter the car.
Pickle Rick says: "Hey, hey, be careful with that."
Pickle Rick says: "It's for something else."
Pickle Rick says: "It's really important, so don't break it."
Beth drives away with Summer and Morty. They all exit.
Pickle Rick says: "Okay, I may have fucked up here."
Pickle Rick says: "Dup, ap, ap, pap, ut, dah, pap, pap, pap, pah."
Pickle Rick says: "T-t-tah, tah."
Izzy walks in through the open garage door and jumps onto Rick's work bench. She sniffs around.
Pickle Rick says: "Oh, great."
Pickle Rick says: "Stupid cat."
Izzy sniffs Pickle Rick and hisses.
Pickle Rick says: "Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!"
Pickle Rick says: "I know what it looks like to you, Izzy, but I'm not a snake!"
Pickle Rick says: "I've seen the YouTube videos, I know cats are scared of cucumbers and pickles because they think they're snakes."
Pickle Rick says: "I'm not a snake!"
Pickle Rick says: "I'm a pickle, I'm a pickle!"
Izzy bats at Pickle Rick and knocks him off of the work bench, causing him to roll down the driveway.
Pickle Rick says: "Whoa!"
Pickle Rick says: "Oh!"
Pickle Rick says: "Whoa, whoa, whoa!"
Pickle Rick is directly facing the sky.
Pickle Rick says: "Oh, crap, that sun is bright."
Pickle Rick begins to sweat.
Pickle Rick says: "Okay, come on."
Pickle Rick says: "This can't really be the way I go out."
Pickle Rick says: "This is the mega-genius equivalent of dying on the toilet."
Pickle Rick starts to shrivel up.
Pickle Rick says: "So..."
Pickle Rick says: "hot."
Pickle Rick says: "This is how I'm gonna die."
Thunder can be heard and the shadow of a cloud appears overhead. It starts to rain. Pickle Rick stops shriveling.
Pickle Rick says: "Oh, God, moisture."
The rain gets heavy and it begins to flood.
Pickle Rick says: "Oh, God, the moisture!"
Pickle Rick says: "Dial it back, God!"
Pickle Rick says: "Dial it back a little bit here!"
Pickle Rick starts rolling down the road.
Pickle Rick says: "Oh!"
Pickle Rick says: "Oh!"
Pickle Rick rolls towards a sewer grate.
Pickle Rick says: "Oh, God!"
Pickle Rick says: "Perpendicular, perpendicular!"
Pickle Rick rolls into the sewer grate and falls into the sewer.
Pickle Rick says: "Oh, shiiit!"
Pickle Rick says: "Oh!"
Pickle Rick says: "Oh!"
Pickle Rick says: "Oh!"
Pickle Rick hits many pipes before eventually falling onto a solid surface. There are bugs crawling around. One bug walks up to a pile of dirt. Pickle Rick bites his lip and pickle juice comes out. The bug turns around.
Pickle Rick says: "Come on."
Pickle Rick says: "That's it."
The bug walks towards Pickle Rick.
Pickle Rick says: "Come get this delicious brine."
The bug is in front of Pickle Rick. Pickle Rick bites on its head and squeezes it until the bug dies.
Pickle Rick says: "Aah!"
Pickle Rick says: "Come on!"
Pickle Rick says: "Come on, motherfucker!"
Pickle Rick says: "Come on!"
Pickle Rick licks off the top of the bug's head, revealing its brain. He then licks part of the brain and the bug's leg moves. He rolls onto the bug and licks its brain, moving its legs forward and moving him forward with it.
Pickle Rick says: "Yes!"
[Transition to Beth says: ""Dr."
Summer says: ""Dr."
Morty sitting in a waiting room outside of Dr. Wong's therapy office. Beth is reading a magazine says: ""Dr."
while Summer sits with her head resting on her fist. The door to her office reads says: ""Dr."
[Transition to Beth says: "WONG / FAMILY THERAPY / COPROPHRAGIA RECOVERY"."
Summer says: "WONG / FAMILY THERAPY / COPROPHRAGIA RECOVERY"."
Morty sitting in a waiting room outside of Dr. Wong's therapy office. Beth is reading a magazine says: "WONG / FAMILY THERAPY / COPROPHRAGIA RECOVERY"."
while Summer sits with her head resting on her fist. The door to her office reads says: "WONG / FAMILY THERAPY / COPROPHRAGIA RECOVERY"."
[Transition to Beth says: "There is a motivational picture of a man eating a hot dog which reads "COURAGE" underneath it."
Summer says: "There is a motivational picture of a man eating a hot dog which reads "COURAGE" underneath it."
Morty sitting in a waiting room outside of Dr. Wong's therapy office. Beth is reading a magazine says: "There is a motivational picture of a man eating a hot dog which reads "COURAGE" underneath it."
while Summer sits with her head resting on her fist. The door to her office reads says: "There is a motivational picture of a man eating a hot dog which reads "COURAGE" underneath it."
Summer says: "How is this even family therapy if Dad's not invited and Grandpa won't come?"
Morty says: "Yeah, and what's courageous about eating a hot dog?"
Beth says: "It's nobody's choice to be here, you knobs."
Beth says: "The family was told to get counseling by your principal, even though it's not the family that was huffing pottery glaze in the art room and desk wetting in history class."
Mr. Goldenfold enters through Dr. Wong's door.
Mr. Goldenfold says: "Oh, the Smith family, minus a dad."
Mr. Goldenfold says: "You're patients of Dr."
Mr. Goldenfold says: "Wong, too?"
Beth says: "Temporarily."
Beth says: "By order of the school."
Mr. Goldenfold says: "Me too."
Mr. Goldenfold says: "How long have you all been eating poop?"
Summer says: "We..."
Summer says: "have never..."
Summer says: "eaten poop."
Mr. Goldenfold says: "Uh, me, neither."
Mr. Goldenfold says: "Say, where did my family get off to?"
Mr. Goldenfold exits. Dr. Wong opens her door and enters the waiting room.
Dr. Wong says: "Smith family, I'm Dr."
Dr. Wong says: "Wong."
Dr. Wong says: "Come on in."
Beth, Summer, and Morty exit the waiting room and enter Dr. Wong's office. Dr. Wong flips the motivational image over to another motivational image of a nuclear family which reads "DEDICATION". Transition to Beth, Morty, Summer, and Dr. Wong sitting down in Dr. Wong's office.
Dr. Wong says: "I was told there was a grandpa that might be joining us?"
Beth says: "He got wrapped up in an experiment."
Beth says: "He's a scientist."
Beth says: "Like, legit, like on an inter-galactic, sci-fi level."
Morty says: "He turned himself into a pickle."
Beth says: "Morty, Mom's talking."
Beth says: "I'm sorry, I suppose that's a good segue into our little discipline cases here."
Dr. Wong says: "Does Grandpa turn himself into a pickle a lot?"
Beth says: "What?"
Beth says: "No, what kind of question is that?"
Dr. Wong says: "The kind that wasn't designed to attack or hurt you in any way."
Beth says: "Oh, Jesus Christ, one of these."
Beth says: "No, my father has never turned himself into a pickle before."
Beth says: "He's unpredictable and eccentric."
Beth says: "The whole family is."
Beth says: "Speaking of which..."
Beth turns towards Summer and Morty.
Dr. Wong says: "Okay, let's open things up to the whole family, and let me ask this."
Dr. Wong says: "Why do we think Grandpa turned himself into a pickle?"
Beth rolls her eyes. Transition to Pickle Rick, who has attached the bug's limbs to his pickle body and has managed to use them to move. He is looking through a grate, and is rubbing the end of one of the bug arms against one of the bars.
Pickle Rick says: "Wow."
Pickle Rick says: "Ugh."
A rat appears behind the grate and starts scratching at Pickle Rick, screeching.
Pickle Rick says: "Hey, listen, I know this is your world not mine."
Pickle Rick says: "The sooner I can get out, the sooner I can go back to taking big craps, and you can go back to subsisting on them."
The rat breaks open one of the bars and continues to scratch. Pickle Rick starts to walk backwards.
Pickle Rick says: "You are one driven rat."
Pickle Rick says: "Could you be a little more driven?"
Pickle Rick says: "To the right."
Pickle Rick scratches at a rope which is attached to a bug's arms which is holding a razor that it lets go of which is propelled upwards which breaks a rubber band which is tied to a sharp broken bottle which falls on the rat's head and chops it off, killing the rat.
Pickle Rick picks up the rat's head.
Pickle Rick says: "Yes, yes, yes!"
Pickle Rick says: "Come on, come on, come on!"
Pickle Rick says: "Fresh, fresh, fresh!"
A mischief of rats appears behind the bars, also scratching at Pickle Rick, who is not in their range.
Pickle Rick says: "Whoa, whoa, whoa, was this your friend?"
Pickle Rick says: "Don't worry, he died doing what he loved, being a dumb fucking rat."
Pickle Rick puts the rat's head onto a bottle cap which starts a machine which lifts him up and takes off his bug limbs. The machine then splits open the rat head and rips out its brain, then puts Pickle Rick down and begins nailing the rat's body parts to Pickle Rick's pickle body. It then sticks a needle into the brain which connects it to the limbs. Pickle Rick runs towards the rats and begins killing them.
Pickle Rick says: "Oh, yeah!"
Pickle Rick says: "Aaaah!"
He takes out a machines on his wrists which are loaded with screws. He kills some of the rats. The screws disappear and x-acto blade pop out. He kills more rats. Transition to Dr. Wong's office.
Beth says: "I didn't say my father is perfect, I said his work is important."
Summer says: "And she's saying what's important is that Grandpa lied to you to get out of coming here."
Beth says: "Oh, he did not!"
Dr. Wong says: "Let's do an experiment here."
Dr. Wong says: "I get the impression this family values science."
Dr. Wong says: "So raise your hand if you feel certain you know what was in the syringe."
No one raises their hand.
Raise your hand if you know for certain the syringe does not contain anti-pickle serum.
Beth begins to raise her hand but stops herself.
Beth, your hand did a little thing there.
Beth says: "Do you really not see what's happening here?"
Dr. Wong says: "Tell me."
Beth says: "Well, Dr."
Beth says: "Wong -- by the way, racist name -- obviously, Morty and Summer are seizing on your arbitrary pickle obsession as an end run around what was supposed to be their therapy."
Dr. Wong says: "Oh, I think this pickle incident is a better path than any other to the heart of your family's dysfunction."
Dr. Wong says: "I think it's possible that you and your father have a very specific dynamic."
Dr. Wong says: "I don't think it's one that rewards emotion or vulnerability."
Dr. Wong says: "I think it may punish them."
Dr. Wong says: "I think it's possible that dynamic eroded your marriage, and is infecting your kids with a tendency to misdirect their feelings."
A short pause.
Beth says: "Fuck you."
Morty says: "Mom!"
Summer says: "Mom!"
in unison says: "Mom!"
Beth says: "Fuck both of you, too."
Transition to Pickle Rick, fighting a much larger grey rat and beating it up.
Pickle Rick says: "By the way, you might notice that in spite of your numerous distinctive features, I never gave you a name like Scar or Stripe or Goliath."
Pickle Rick says: "That's because, to me, you aren't special."
Pickle Rick pins the rat to the wall with some screws.
You were special to rats. Now they're dead. I guess it was me you should have impressed.
Pickle Rick slices open the rat's stomach with his x-acto blade.
God damn it, I love myself.
Pickle Rick walks up to a pipe above him. His wrist machines fall off and are replaced with a jet pack. He pulls a hood over his head with a rat's face on it. He turns on the jet pack and flies out of the pipe and out of a toilet.
Pickle Rick says: "Pickle Riiick!"
Pickle Rick opens the door. It is a bathroom door with a "male" sign on the front. He starts running around and opening various doors and looking in. Eventually he runs up to an elevator and tries to jump up to the buttons but cannot reach them. He tries to scale the wall but fails. He pushes a garbage can and a potted plant next to each other in front of the elevator buttons. He jumps off of the garbage can into the potted plant, then jumps into the lid which turns rapidly and propels him up and swings him to the elevator buttons.
Get that parkour. Get that parkour!
Pickle Rick kicks the "down button", then waits on the ground for the elevator. The elevator opens, and three men in black suits with earpieces stand inside. They notice Pickle Rick and gasp.
Pickle Rick says: "Hey, it's cool."
Pickle Rick says: "Just need to find the nearest exit."
The men in the elevator point their guns at Pickle Rick.
Pickle Rick says: "Whoa, whoa, whoa!"
Pickle Rick says: "No need to freak out."
One of the men yells something in a foreign language into his earpiece and all three men start shooting at him. He runs away and they chase after him, still shooting at him.
Pickle Rick says: "Whoa!"
Pickle Rick says: "Who in the fuck's toilet is this?"
Transition to the frontal exterior of the building. It is a rather large light brown building with a stone fence and a plethora of guards surrounding it. An alarm blares. Some guards run around to the other side of the building's roof. Transition to a surveillance room where the three agents from the elevator are waiting. The Agency Director slams open the door.
Agency Director says: "What is it?"
Agent #1 says: "A pickle."
Agent #1 says: "A rat."
Agent #1 says: "Both."
Agent #2 says: "It says it's a scientist."
Agency Director says: "Where is it?"
Agent #1 says: "It seems to be using the air ducts and the mail tubes to get around."
A monitor shows Pickle Rick climbing into an air duct.
Agent #1 says: "It's been gathering office supplies, we think, to build weaponry."
Agent #1 says: "But look what it did on the mezzanine."
The monitor shows Pickle Rick jumping from a potted plant to the trash can to the recycling bin.
It transferred a bottle from the trash to the recycling bin.
On the monitor, Pickle Rick picks up a glass bottle from the trash can, taunts the camera with it, throws it in the recycling bin, then runs off.
Whatever this thing is, it's shaming us.
Agency Director says: "We have 34 armed guards, and we can't kill a pickle?"
Agent #1 says: "32 armed guards."
Agent #1 says: "He killed two."
Agent #2 says: "It's on the phone."
A phone rings and one of the monitors reads "INCOMING CALL".
Agency Director says: "Put him on, and locate the phone he's using."
Agent #2 picks up the phone.
Hello.
Pickle Rick says: "Hi, um, can you, uh  please let me out."
Agency Director says: "Your mere presence in this building violates international law."
Agent #1 walks up to the Agency Director with a clipboard, which reads "LEVEL 3 / ROOM 304" in red pen. He taps the clipboard. The Agency Director looks at it and nods.
I couldn't let you out even if you hadn't killed two men.
Transition to Pickle Rick. The bottom part of the phone he is using has been dismantled. He attaches a belt around his waist which has batteries in the back of it.
Pickle Rick says: "You should know those men killed themselves."
Agency Director says: "And how is that?"
Pickle Rick says: "They didn't  let me out."
Agent #2 says: "Solen'ya."
Agency Director says: "Shut your mouth and do your jobs, you fucking children!"
Pickle Rick says: "Uh, is this not a good time or..."
Pickle Rick says: "?"
Agent #1 holds his earpiece up to his ear. He gives a thumbs up to the Agency Director. On one of the monitors, six agents run up to the door of room 304 with rifles.
Agency Director says: "Some of my men are calling you "Solen'ya": The Pickle Man, an old wives tale."
Agency Director says: "He crawls from bowls of cold soup to steal the dreams of wasteful children."
One of the agents on the monitor gives a thumbs up. The Agency Director pantomimes slicing his neck to Agent #1.
Pickle Rick says: "That'd be a lucky break for you."
Agent #1 says: "Go, shoot to kill!"
Transition to room 304. One of the agents slams open the door, knocking over a water jug above the door which activates a pulley which pulls a string which cuts another string which swings a needle towards the agent's head, killing him instantly. Two more agents enter and start to walk in, but fall through the floor onto some spikes, which kill them. The three remaining agents walk in and see this and begin shooting at a pickle which is not Pickle Rick, but a decoy. They continue to shoot at the pickle until it is completely gone.
Agent #3 says: "Aaah!"
Agent #3 says: "We got him."
Transition back to the surveillance room.
Agency Director says: "Ah."
Agent #1 says: "Ah."
Transition back to room 304. Agent #3 turns a computer around with the tip of his gun, whose screen reads "Receiving Call / internet line".
Pickle Rick says: "..."
Pickle Rick says: "because this pickle doesn't care about your children."
Pickle Rick says: "And I'm not gonna take their dreams."
Pickle Rick says: "I'm gonna take their parents."
Pickle Rick steps on a laptop mouse whose screen reads "Sending Call". The window which reads that is minimized and another window is pulled up which reads "Sending Explosion / ...". Transition to room 304. The computer screen now reads "Receiving Explosion / internet line". The laptop blows up and the three agents are sent flying. Pickle Rick jumps out of an air duct into the hallway where the three agents are, holding a device he constructed. He holds up the device and a laser comes out, which burns a hole through all three of the men's heads, killing them instantly. Three more agents come from around the corner. Pickle Rick reloads the device and shoots another laser, this time chopping off the three other agents' ankles with it. He runs away. Transition to the surveillance room. Pickle Rick shows up on each of the monitors, and turns them off as he appears on them.
Agent #2 says: "Solen'ya!"
Agent #2 says: "He's coming!"
Agent #2 says: "It's because I threw half-way my sandwich!"
Agency Director says: "He's just a pickle!"
Agent #2 says: "He's a monster!"
Agency Director says: "He's not the only one."
The agency director straightens his tie. Transition to another door. The agency director uses a key card to open the door, which leads to another metal door with two guards standing next to it. He turns the wheel on the door, opening it. Jaguar sits inside.
You can stay, dead to the world and die in this room. Or you can kill a pickle for me and earn your freedom.
Jaguar says: "There is no freedom while your leader breathes."
Jaguar says: "Our country is a prison."
Agency Director says: "Then Katarina is a prisoner."
Agency Director says: "Perhaps I could arrange her escape, as well."
Agency Director says: "She lives, Jaguar."
Jaguar says: "Where is this pickle?"
Transition to Dr. Wong's office.
Dr. Wong says: "What do you think is in the syringe, Beth?"
Beth says: "You're the one that costs $200 an hour."
Beth says: "You tell me."
Morty says: "Anti-pickle serum."
Summer says: "Anti-pickle serum."
Dr. Wong says: "Your kids think it might be anti-pickle serum."
Beth says: "My kids pee their desks and suck on unbaked vases."
Morty picks up a book which sits on Dr. Wong's coffee table, which he opens and reads.
They're just angry at me for divorcing their father.
Summer says: "I never said I was angry at you."
Beth says: "That's the point of pottery-enamel huffing, Summer."
Beth says: "You do it so you don't have to say "I'm angry at mommy" out loud."
Morty says: "Oh, my God!"
Morty closes the book and puts it back on the coffee table, pointing at it.
Oh, there-there's pictures of people eating poop in there!
Dr. Wong picks the book up and puts it on her lap.
Dr. Wong says: "It's not my job to take sides or pass judgment."
Beth says: "He won't have to ask for it, okay?"
Beth says: "He won't need it."
Beth says: "He'll just make more."
Beth says: "He doesn't need anything from anyone."
Dr. Wong says: "You admire him for that."
Beth says: "It's better than making your problems other people's problems."
Transition to Pickle Rick and Jaguar fighting in an office. Pickle Rick tries to shoot Jaguar with his laser while Jaguar tries to shoot at Pickle Rick with two guns. A bullet hits Pickle Rick and takes a small chunk out of him.
Pickle Rick says: "Oh, come on!"
Pickle Rick hits Jaguar's shoulder with the laser, Pickle Rick hides behind a shelf while Jaguar hides behind a desk.
Jaguar says: "Pickle Man, you should know this isn't personal!"
Jaguar bites a bullet, and pours the gunpowder into a coffee filter.
Pickle Rick says: "You should know that isn't original."
Pickle Rick kicks open a Styrofoam container with a burger inside and pulls it towards him.
They have my daughter.
Jaguar takes a water bottle and pours the water into his open wound.
There's nothing I won't do to see her again.
Pickle Rick says: "Yeah, there's lots I wouldn't do to see my daughter, but killing you gets me to her quicker than your derivative bullshit."
Pickle Rick takes a tomato slice out of the burger and squeezes it onto his missing chunk. He pulls out a packet of mustard and bites it open. Jaguar pours the gunpowder into his wound and winces. Pickle Rick rubs mustard on his missing chunk and shouts, squeezing open the mustard packet. Jaguar lights a match and puts it up to the wound, setting it on fire. Pickle Rick grabs a stapler and staples a pickle slice to his missing chunk. Both shout in unison.
Jaguar says: "I never bullshit, Pickle Man."
Jaguar says: "This can only end with one of us dead, and I have never died."
Pickle Rick says: "That will be your downfall, Jaguar, not being open to new experiences."
Transition to surveillance room. The two continue fighting. Pickle Rick's laser gradually takes out all of the cameras.
Agency Direcotr says: "Is it done?"
Agency Direcotr says: "Jaguar?!"
Agency Direcotr says: "!"
Pickle Rick says: "Jaguar couldn't make it."
Agency Director says: "Do it."
Okay, you win, Pickle Man.
I'm unsealing the building.
Pickle Rick says: "No, thanks."
I'm coming for you now.
Agency Director says: "Pickle Man, there's $100 million worth of bonds in a safe on level two."
I'll give you the combination.
Agent #2 says: "That money belongs to the people."
Agency Director says: "Shut up and call me a helicopter, you prick!"
Agency Director says: "Do we have a deal?!"
Agency Director says: "!"
Pickle Rick says: "Take that money, give it to Jaguar's daughter when you set her free."
Or I'll be visiting you.
Agency Director says: "Jaguar's daughter is dead."
Pickle Rick says: "Huh, so you're a liar."
Agency Director says: "Jaguar was an animal."
You're an intelligent pickle.
We can do business.
Pickle Rick says: "I don't think so."
See you soon.
Agency Director says: "Is the helicopter here?"
Agent #2 says: "Yes."
Agent #2 says: "And the police are on the way."
Agent #2 says: "What do we tell them?"
The Director kills both agents with headshots.
Agency Director says: "Tell them we were robbed."
The Director fills a duffel bag with documents and passports and run to the helicopter on the roof, which takes off without him.
Hey! Hey, what are you doing?! I'm right here!
The shot pans to show the helicopter is being flown by Jaguar, with Pickle Rick in the passenger bay. Pickle Rick takes a drag on a cigarette and throws it into a pile of oil on the roof, igniting it into a half-ring behind the Director. The flames also ignite a fuse leading to a cache of explosives inside the building.
Agency Director says: "Farewell, Solen'ya."
Jaguar says: "F-15s are scrambled."
Jaguar says: "This helicopter will be shot down in seven minutes."
Pickle Rick says: "Well, my daughter is about five away, and I've got about eight to live."
Jaguar says: "Pickle Man, it's too late for me to tell my daughter I love her, but not for you."
Pickle Rick says: "Oh, well, uh, she knows."
Pickle Rick says: "I mean, we don't really buy into that kind of crap, to the extent that love is an expression of familiarity over time, my access to infinite timelines precludes the necessity of attachment."
Pickle Rick says: "In fact, I even abandoned one of my infinite daughters in an alternate version of earth that was taken over by mutants."
Jaguar says: "Okay."
Jaguar says: "Good luck with that."
Jaguar says: "Wait."
Jaguar says: "Do I have infinite daughters?"
Pickle Rick says: "Huh?"
Pickle Rick says: "Uh, no."
Pickle Rick says: "No, nope, sorry about that."
Pickle Rick says: "Nope, just me."
Pickle Rick says: "Yeesh!"
Transition to Dr. Wong's office.
Beth says: "I am afraid that my kids will get expelled."
Dr. Wong says: "Good."
Summer, you go.
Summer says: "I am mad that I can't huff enamel without people assuming it's because my family sucks."
Summer says: "I hope to be seen one day as someone that just likes getting high."
Dr. Wong says: "Good job."
Morty, do you have an "I" statement?
Morty says: "I am sad that I peed."
Morty says: "I'm sad that I peed in class instead of a toilet."
Dr. Wong says: "Look at this family go."
Dr. Wong says: "You guys are pros."
Dr. Wong says: "What do you guys think about doing this once a week?"
The door bursts open from Pickle Rick's kick.
Pickle Rick says: "Ugh."
Pickle Rick walks in and flops on the couch next to Summer.
Dr. Wong says: "You must be Rick."
Pickle Rick says: "Mm-hmm."
Dr. Wong says: "I've heard a lot about you today."
Dr. Wong says: "Your family is crazy about you."
Dr. Wong says: "Your daughter holds you in very high regard."
Dr. Wong says: "You're a lucky fella."
Pickle Rick says: "Yeah, thank you."
Uh, sweetie, you don't still happen to have that syringe in your purse?
Beth looks to Dr. Wong, who nods at her to proceed. Beth looks back at Pickle Rick.
Beth says: "Dad, I would like you to tell me what's in the syringe."
Pickle Rick says: "It's a serum that I need to, uh, to stay alive."
I have had a rough day.
And, uh, I've sustained a lot of damage.
I'm pretty close to death, which the serum will prevent.
Dr. Wong says: "By changing you from a pickle to a human."
Pickle Rick says: "Yes."
Dr. Wong says: "Rick, why did you lie to your daughter?"
Pickle Rick says: "So I wouldn't have to come here."
Dr. Wong says: "Why didn't you want to come here?"
Pickle Rick says: "Because I don't respect therapy, because I'm a scientist."
Pickle Rick says: "Because I invent, transform, create, and destroy for a living, and when I don't like something about the world, I change it."
Pickle Rick says: "And I don't think going to a rented office in a strip mall to listen to some agent of averageness explain which words mean which feelings has ever helped anyone do anything."
I think it's helped a lot of people get comfortable and stop panicking, which is a state of mind we value in the animals we eat, but not something I want for myself. I'm not a cow. I'm a pickle. When I feel like it. So...you asked.
Dr. Wong says: "Rick, the only connection between your unquestionable intelligence and the sickness destroying your family is that everyone in your family, you included, use intelligence to justify sickness."
You seem to alternate between viewing your own mind as an unstoppable force and as an inescapable curse. And I think it's because the only truly unapproachable concept for you is that it's your mind within your control. You chose to come here, you chose to talk -to belittle my vocation- just as you chose to become a pickle.
You are the master of your universe, and yet you are dripping with rat blood and feces. Your enormous mind literally vegetating by your own hand.
I have no doubt that you would be bored senseless by therapy, the same way I'm bored when I brush my teeth and wipe my ass. Because the thing about repairing, maintaining, and cleaning is it's not an adventure. There's no way to do it so wrong you might die. It's just work. And the bottom line is, some people are okay going to work, and some people well, some people would rather die.
Each of us gets to choose.
After a few silent beats, Dr. Wong's watch beeps.
That's our time. I'm going to give you guys my card and hope to hear from you again.
And if you have any friends or family that eat poop and would like to stop, give them my number.
Transition to Beth's car. Beth is driving; Pickle Rick is buckled into the front passenger seat; Summer and Morty are in the back bench seat.
Pickle Rick says: "I, um I'm sorry I lied to get out of the thing."
I, I shouldn't lie to you.
Beth says: "Oh, it's fine."
I mean, thank you, and, yeah, you shouldn't.
But I hope you know that's not what that session was supposed to be.
Pickle Rick says: "Oh, no, I mean, I know it was Morty peeing his pants and Summer snorting glue or whatever..."
Beth says: "She huffed enamel, and we never even talked about it."
Pickle Rick says: "Well, there was so much more at stake."
Pickle Rick says: "I mean, that shrink, what a monologuist."
Summer says: "Are we gonna go back?"
Pickle Rick says: "Sweetie, could I ge-get that syringe now?"
Beth says: "Oh, my God, yes!"
Beth says: "Dad, it's in my purse."
Beth says: "Oh, I'm sorry."
Beth says: "You must be in agony."
Pickle Rick says: "Eh."
Rick injects himself and transforms back into a human, coughing up what looks to be pickle brine.
Rick says: "Jesus."
Rick says: "Jesus Christ."
Rick says: "Therapists, man."
Beth says: "Weird breed."
Rick says: "Man, I missed having hands and blood and a stomach."
[To Beth says: "] We should get a drink."
Beth says: "Really?"
Beth says: "Like, go somewhere?"
Rick says: "Yeah, let's drop the kids off and go tie one on."
Beth says: "Absolutely!"
Morty says: "I, I liked her."
Beth says: "So what are you thinking, like, Smokey's Tavern?"
Beth says: "Maybe Shoney's?"
Rick says: "Yeah, either one."
Rick says: "Either one."
Post credits. Transition to Concerto's death trap piano. Rick and Morty are tied up beneath giant piano keys, with other corpses--their heads smashed in--lay to either side of them, while Concerto is perched above them on a smaller piano that controls the death trap.
Rick says: "You'll never get away with this, Concerto."
Concerto says: "That is where you're mistaken, Mr."
Concerto says: "Sanchez."
This shall be my greatest performance of all time!
Concerto starts playing his piano, forcing some of the giant keys to strike the already smashed heads of the corpses.
Rick says: "This is it, Morty."
Rick says: "We're goners."
Rick says: "We're not getting out of this one."
Rick says: "After everything we've been through, this is how we're gonna die."
Make peace with your god.
Morty says: "Oh, geez, Rick, I-I-I don't want to die!"
Concerto says: "And now for the E-splat!"
Jaguar glides in and slits Concerto's throat.
Rick says: "Jaguar!"
Jaguar looks back to Rick, nods slightly, then extends his flight suit's wings and flies off.
Morty says: "Who?"
Morty says: "Who was that, Rick?"
Rick says: "That, Morty, is why you don't go to therapy."