This article is a transcript of the Rick and Morty episode Raising Gazorpazorp from Season 1. It aired on March 10, 2014.
Look, I'm not paying 70 smidgens for a broken defraculator,.
Rick says: "Well, does it defraculate?"
Alien says: "Fuck no."
Alien says: "Like you would even know dick about fraculation!"
Alien says: "Your planet just got cellphones, and the coverage still sucks!"
Morty says: "Hey, uh, Rick, um, you think maybe I could get something from this place, like a souvenir, like, just to have ---like, something cool, you know?"
I just, um -- you know,.
I thought that robot over there looked pretty cool, you know?
Rick says: "Oh, it looks cool, huh?"
That's why you want it?
Morty says: "Yeah!"
I don't really have anything to to remember all those trips by,.
It'd be kind of cool, like a souvenir,.
You know, like, what if you passed away or died or something?
I wouldn't even have anything to remember all the cool stuff we did, you know?
Rick says: "Okay, 60 for the resonator, and my grandson wants the sex robot."
Intro.
Summer says: "So, we're just going to pretend this isn't happening?"
I'm not saying that's a bad idea -- just asking,.
Rick, why would you let Morty bring that thing into our house?!
What do you want from me?
He thi-- he thou-- he thou-- he th-- he thought it looked cool,.
You know what I mean?
Morty says: "Whew!"
Gulping .
Ahh, All right,.
Back to -- back to -- b-back upstairs,.
Footsteps depart, door closes in distance .
Rhythmic creaking .
Jerry says: "Well, I'm intervening."
Beth says: "Intervening with puberty?"
You'll turn him into.
Ralph Fiennes in "Red Dragon,".
He's at that age,.
Let's just be proud of him,.
Summer says: "Jesus, Did I really set the bar that low?"
Morty says: "Um, Rick, could you come with me, please -- q-quickly?"
Warbling .
Where's the sex robot, Morty?
I-I mean, the robot!
She started beeping and then transformed and tried to fly away!
You know what I'm talking about,.
Morty?
Wubba-lubba-dub-dub!
Laughs .
Morty that's my catchphrase, remember?
Remember -- remember how I -- how I cemented that catchphrase?
All right, All right, seriously, though, let me grab this thing,.
Grunts .
Come on, you,,,rascal,.
- Beth says: "Okay, unacceptable!"
Jerry says: "What is going on?"
Beth says: ""Uh-oh"?"
Beth says: "What is that?!"
Beth says: "!"
Genetic compiler, incubation chamber,.
Yep, This here's some kind of baby maker, and that there's half Morty, half  Burps  Who -- who knows wh-what?
It's my bad, guys,.
I'll -- I'll take care of it,.
Summer says: "Grandpa Rick, no, no!"
Jerry says: "Whoa, whoa, whoa!"
Beth says: "Dad, What do you think you're doing?!"
Beth says: "!"
I mean, this thing could grow to the size of Delaware,.
I mean, it might eat brains and exhale space aids,.
We got to be careful,.
I'm a father now!
You know, it's time for me to be responsible, Isn't that right,,,.
Morty says: ",,,Morty Jr ,?"
Rick says: "Oh, crap he named it."
And it was born on American soil, which entitles it to --.
Don't punish us for it.
Do not let that thing out of your sight,.
It looks harmless now, but it could grow into something dangerous,.
Like the Insane Clown Posse.
It wants its easy target back,.
He's like a little me!
Y-you don't think he'll turn into a monster,,,do you?
Jerry says: "Hey, uh, 1995 called!"
They want their.
Formula back!
Beth says: "Why, Jerry?"
Why expend the effort?
Jerry says: "Life is effort, and I'll stop when I die!"
- Summer says: "Whatcha doin'?"
Gross, I might have just touched one of Morty's loads,.
But maybe I can find suitable parents for Morty Jr, on this robot's home world, which is...
Gazorpazorp in the Andromeda system,.
- Summer says: "Don't you need a new companion now that Morty's in the family way?"
Summer says: "Oh, right -- because there's something about having a wiener that would make me better at walking through a hole?"
Aaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Summer says: "Grandpa Rick!"
Summer says: "Ugh!"
Help! Help! Aah! Aah!
Roars .
Summer says: "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!"
- Rick says: "Still think it's a good idea to go through holes without a wiener?"
Ugh!
All snarling .
Rick says: "Great, now I have to take over a whole planet because of your stupid boobs."
Really? You think? I mean,.
I'm not doing much of anything,.
What do I do if it cries?
We tried that technique on Summer, and she's gonna end up stripping,.
Isn't she? Yes, she is,.
She's gonna strip for attention because she was denied it.
You're gonna turn it into Morty -- uh, mm -- more -- more -- more -- more of you,.
Morty Jr. belches fire.
Jerry says: "What the -- aah!"
Jerry says: "Aah!"
Crying .
I am not rewarding this behavior.
Morty says: "Knock it off, both of you!"
G-give me him!
Give me my baby!
You're both nuts!
I'm gonna raise.
Morty Jr, myself!
Beth says: "At least we can agree on that."
All snarling .
Growling .
Roars .
I said, "Thanks, dum-dum,".
Go get more,.
Summer, put your burka on!
The least you could do is be ashamed of your gender.
Summer says: "Ugh, What's the deal with this place?"
Why is it such a sausage planet, and how did such backward idiots invent robots?
The resultant lack of distraction and hen-pecking allowed them to focus entirely on war, so they bombed themselves back to the stone age, and now they just fight with each other over fake pussy with sticks and rocks all day long.
Summer says: "You think it's efficient to get rid of women?"
Rick says: "You ever see a line for the men's room?"
Are you hear-- do you li-- do you hear me, Summer?
Rumbling .
Droppin' loads,.
- All says: "Droppin' loads!"
All shouting indistinctly .
Uh, you might want to cover your eyes, Summer,.
All murmuring .
Yeah, baby!
Summer, grab -- grab hold,.
Yeah, baby!
Rick says: "Aaaah!"
Summer says: "Grandpa Rick, where are we going?"
Sound familiar?
Ticketmaster,.
Hey -- hey, brother,.
Hey, bro,.
Nice racket you got going on here,.
Listen, I'm Rick Sanchez from Earth dimension C-137,.
Don't mean you any harm,.
Coming in peace,.
It's all cool in the, uh --.
Oh, I get it -- the old "behind-every-great-man.
Amazon twist,".
Gazorpian says: "Silence!"
Coughs .
Summer says: "My slave?"
If he is a rogue male, tell us now.
He's my slave,.
He's definitely my slave.
Ugh! Ohh! Oh-ho-ho!
Oh, boy, What's the opposite of "Wubba-lubba-dub-dubs"?
Am I right, ladies and gentlemen?
Are you guys kidding me?
Morty says: "Oh, Morty Jr,!"
Morty says: "you're gonna be a special little guy, aren't you?"
You -- oh, yeah,.
You're my special little guy,.
Ohh,.
Ohh! Ha ha!
Morty Jr,?
Were you gonna say, "Dada"?
Morty Jr says: "Death!"
Morty Jr says: "Damnation!"
Morty says: "Um,,,"Dada"?"
Nice.
Plan your route accordingly and expect delays,.
We're not telling you what to do,.
We're just sharing how we feel,.
And now weather -- is anyone else cold, or is it just me?
I am here if you need to talk,.
Summer says: "What is this place?"
Mar-sha says: "Paradise."
We built it during the great passive-aggression, when the females separated from the males due to their increasingly destructive behavior,.
I am here if you need to talk.
Fertilized surrogates are returned here to our nursery,.
The females are placed into educational programs where they can discover a service to our paradise that fulfills them most,.
Males....they get to play outside.
And within a day, he'll be an adult male Gazorpian.
Summer says: "You speak when you're spoken to, ding-a-ling!"
It's true, though -- one of your babies was born on earth,.
Are you the ruler of this Earth?
Summer says: "How did you know?"
The quality of your top,.
- Summer says: "Do you love it?"
I'm here if you need to talk,.
If the Gazorpian is male, your earth is in grave danger,.
We will give you passage back home so it can be terminated,.
But first, Mojitos,.
We don't have time for Mojitos,.
- Rick says: "I don't care, Summer!"
This place is the worst!
I want to go home!
Rick says: "Yeah, You know what I have to say about that?"
Farting .
All gasp .
I cannot believe my ears!
Whoo, boy!
Who let the frogs out, huh?
Summer says: "Grandpa!"
Then this one is not your slave, and your Earth is yet another planet dominated by men,.
Rick says: "It's not dominated by us, okay?"
On Earth, men and women are equals,.
Summer says: "Equals?!"
Summer says: "!"
Summer says: "We make 70% of your salary for the same job!"
- Rick says: "Whoa!"
Rick says: "Was this really the time to make that point, Summer?"
Morty says: "Oh, man!"
Um, okay,.
Listen to me, Morty Jr,.
I've got to tell you something very important, okay?
Killing is bad -- bad!
Giggles .
I'm being serious, okay?
You need to put your energy into something else,.
I mean, what about dancing?
Would you like to learn how to dance?
I'd like to dance -- on the graves of my enemies,.
Morty says: "Ohh!"
No, Morty Jr,!
Morty Jr says: "Daddy, can I go outside?"
Morty says: "No!"
Morty says: "Absolutely not!"
But that's where all the people and the animals are,.
Morty says: "Yeah, but you can't go out there because the -- the air is poisonous for you!"
You will die -- you'll die instantly if you ever leave this house!
For real times a million, buddy,.
So, let's just stay inside, and, you know, let's try dancing, right?
Look at me, Yay! Look,.
We're gonna dance, Come on,.
Join -- dance with me here,.
We love to dance.
Morty Jr says: "Why do we love to dance?"
Morty says: "Because I said so!"
Crying .
Indistinct conversations .
So, what are you in for?
I got a big, you know, penis between my legs,.
What -- what -- what are you in for?
Veronica Ann Bennett,.
I find you guilty of having bad bangs,.
You ever notice the ones with bad bangs always have three names?
You are hereby sentenced to the silent treatment!
All gasp .
Rick says: "Pfft!"
This is gonna be cake,.
No, Jackie!
Rick and Summer of Earth, for the crimes of treason against womankind and for creating the sound of which we do not speak because it does not exist, you are hereby sentenced to --.
Rick says: "What, what, what -- a night on the couch?"
Summer says: "I hate you so much right now."
We placed a large boulder on that ledge,.
Holy shit! Y-y-you're gonna crush us with a boulder?!
Gazorpian #2 says: "No!"
Gazorpian #2 says: "Stop interrupting!"
The boulder falls onto a lever that will launch knives,.
Rick says: "What?"
I'll kill myself.
Gazorpian #2 says: "Stop interrupting!"
The knives will -- fine!
You were right the first time, okay? The boulder crushes you,.
I just didn't want to admit you were right,.
I feel bad that I let you drag us into this,.
I wish I could have been a better grandpa to you, and, you know, for what it's worth, that is a really nice, cute top that you're wearing there,.
Summer says: "Top, My top!"
My top -- the same top you complimented earlier!
Look -- look at the tag,.
Read it.
Marc? Jacob?
These are names of the penis,.
An Earth man made this top,.
Maybe on your planet, separation of the genders is the right thing to do, but on Earth, a certain percentage of our males are born gay, which is why my clothes are better than all of yours,.
A man made something fashionable?
It's true, and sometimes the truth hurts, but it must be accepted, like if I told you that you're using the wrong color foundation for your skin and it ends at your neck, making you look like a party clown.
But the fact remains if you impose.
Gazorpazorp's laws on earth, you're no better than the men whose farts shall remain unspoken,.
And if you think my top is cute, you cannot execute,.
All gasp .
Very well, Give the Earth people a spacecraft so they may head back to their weird planet, where women are kind of equal but not really,.
You know, you girls are really something, I'll tell you that,.
You know when we first got there, I was like --.
Give them a ship now,.
Morty says: "Morty Jr,!"
Morty says: "Smoking?!"
Morty says: "!"
That is not okay!
What are you gonna do -- ground me?
I can't go outside anyway!
Morty says: "So what?!"
Morty says: "!"
You could do things inside!
You could play guitar,.
You could masturbate,.
I want to conquer the planet!
Morty says: "Oh, here we go again!"
You know, who do you think is gonna love you if you conquer the planet,.
Morty Jr,?!
Morty Jr says: "Love -- that's all you care about!"
What about weapons?!
What about domination of the enemy?!
Morty says: "All right, that's it -- no more History Channel!"
This TV is for cartoons and video games only!
Morty Jr says: "I hate video games!"
Morty says: "You take that back!"
Give it to me!
Ugh!
I-I-I didn't mean --.
I didn't mean that,.
I didn't mean to do that,.
I'm sorry,.
Morty Jr says: "I can't take this anymore!"
I'd rather breathe poison than live another minute with you!
Morty says: "No!"
Morty says: "No, no, no!"
Morty says: "Stop!"
Breathing deeply .
My life has been a lie!
God is dead!
The government's lame!
Thanksgiving is about killing Indians!
Jesus wasn't born on Christmas!
They moved the date!
It was a pagan holiday!
- Morty says: "Oh, dad!"
- Jerry says: "Yes, Morty?"
Morty says: "My son is gonna take over the planet, and I am too young to drive!"
Can you help me get him back?!
I suppose, Morty,.
I suppose,.
But first, a deep sip from a very tall glass of.
Gulping .
Morty says: "Oh, my god!"
Please, dad! Come on!
Dog barking in distance .
Roaring .
Tires screech .
People screaming .
Tires screech .
Screaming continues .
Morty says: "Dad, there he is!"
Roars .
Hey, stop that!
Morty says: "Oh, my god!"
Oh, my god! Dad!
Morty says: "Morty Jr,, no!"
It's me! It's dad,.
It's okay!
Put the car down, Morty Jr,.
No! No!
Jerry says: "My car!"
Morty Jr says: "♪ And that's how we play handy hands!"
Rick says: "Out of the -- out of the way, Morty!"
- Morty says: "No!"
- Rick says: "Morty, that's one of the most violently aggressive creatures in the universe!"
Morty says: "He's my son!"
And if you hurt him, you'll have to kill me, Rick!
Dad, I'm so confused!
I'm sorry.
I ended up lying to you and yelling at you just like my parents did to me,.
You know, parents are just kids having kids,.
One minute, you like how a shiny robot looks,.
The next minute, you're in a fist fight with your alien son,.
Morty Jr says: "I'm an alien?"
We just have to learn to channel them into something constructive,.
Morty Jr says: "But I want to murder everyone I see!"
I mean, maybe there's a job out there for people that feel that way,.
Hi, I'm Brad Anderson, creator of the nationally syndicated comic strip.
You should consider being a creative,.
I'm haunted by uncontrollable thoughts of mutilations and sexual assaults on a near daily basis,.
But, you know, I channel it all into my work.
I never got that impression from reading "Marmaduke,".
I was trying to make you laugh?
Brad Anderson?
Morty says: "Aw, see?"
You hear that, Morty Jr,? maybe you could try being a creative of some kind,.
Morty Jr says: "Maybe!"
I always have sort of wanted to see my face on the back of a novel,.
I mean, what I really want to do is slit people's throats, but beyond that,,,.
Morty Jr says: "I think it's time I get a place of my own."
I promise I'll call you every day, or if.
I need money or a place to do laundry.
Morty says: "Aaaaaaah!"
Whoosh! thud! .
Whoosh! thud! .
Jerry says: "So, I assume this novel your son writes is gonna pay for my rear axle?"
Summer, that after all that stuff we just did, nothing really mattered and there was no point to it?
Kind of makes you wonder, huh -- about nothing?
Summer says: "Are you sure it doesn't make you re-evaluate your policy about taking girls on adventures?"
But, hey, why don't you have a pink spaceship?
Go ride around and have a jolly old time,.
Maybe that'll shut you up.
Beth says: "Dad?"
Beth says: "Summer?"
Where were you guys this whole time?
Where were you?
Beth,.
You know, it's funny,.
I-I-I heard about a little bit of news myself,.
Take a look,.
T-take a listen,.
Farting .
Both laugh .
Wubba-lubba-dub-dubs!
This this world still got a -- it's still got a chance!
Yeah! Ha ha!
See you -- see you guys next week!
See everybody next week,.
New York Times bestselling author, your book is about innocence, the definition of it, and, inevitably, its impossibility,.
Is it autobiographical?
I mean, all writing is, in my opinion,.
But, uh -- my, um,,,.
My father kept me locked in the house until I was a teenager, and there was violence and, uh, threats of poison gas -- but also dancing,.
Interviewer says: "But you persevered, and created this masterpiece from your suffering."
Smith Jr,'s mind-bending novel,.
Pick it up,.
We'll be right back,.
Morty,.
You did the best you could.
Morty says: "I hope he's eating enough."