Transcript.
Girl 1 says: "So, Jessica, I heard you broke up with Brad."
Girl 2 says: "Who are you gonna date; now that you can date anyone?"
Jessica says: "I don’t know."
Jessica says: "I mean, obviously if someone special comes along."
Jessica says: "B-But I mean really special, like, nothing I’ve even remotely considered in the past."
Morty says: "Holyshitholyshitholyshit."
Girl 1 says: "I want that kind of love like that docking kind of love."
Girl 2 says: "Oh, yeah."
Girl 1 says: "Like, penis in the foreskin kind of love Mm-hmm just, like, warm, just like..."
Morty says: "Hey..."
Morty says: "ah..."
Rick says: "Everybody, fuck off."
Rick says: "Morty, I need your help."
Rick says: "W-W-W-We We need to go on a quick adventure."
Morty says: "You said I could go to school today."
Rick says: "That was before I needed something, Morty."
Rick says: "There’s a plasma shard in the Abadango Cluster."
Rick says: "A princess has it."
Rick says: "If I get it, I’ll be awesome."
Morty says: "We’ve been going non-stop, Rick."
Morty says: "It’s not healthy."
Morty says: "You know, these are my teenage years."
Morty says: "I-I just found out Jessica’s single."
Rick says: "Oh, that’s Wow, Morty."
Rick says: "Wow."
Rick says: "What an exciting life you lead."
Rick says: "Let’s go."
Rick says: "In and out, 20 minutes adventure."
[Timecard says: "six days later."
Morty says: "They’re on our tail!"
Rick says: "Steady, Morty."
Rick says: "Five cetons."
The two enters a mothership, while Rick pulls a wire and the ship slows down.
Steady, God damn it! Two cetons.
Rick inserts an isotope in a box and places it on the dashboard and connects it with plugs.
Morty says: "Wha!"
Rick says: "Fire!"
Morty pulls the trigger and shoots a laser, causing an explosion. The cruiser quickly gains speed.
Rick says: "Pull up, Morty, pull up!"
Rick says: "Pull up!"
The explosion causes a chain of explosions that eventually destroys the whole structure, while the two screams all the way and barely escapes the huge blast. Cut to the two on stage in an award ceremony. Cut to the two in the vehicle garage and gets in their vehicle. Some bottles can be heard dropping.
Morty buckles up.
Rick says: "Fuck."
Rick says: "Oh, fuck!"
Rick says: "Fuck!"
Rick says: "Ahh!"
Rick says: "Ahh!"
Morty says: "I can’t fucking do this anymore!"
Rick says: "That was seriously fucked up."
Rick says: "We almost died."
Morty says: "So you agree?"
Rick says: "Fuck yes!"
Rick says: "That w..."
Rick says: "T-This was insane!"
Rick says: "That was pure luck."
Rick says: "I was not in control of that situation at all."
Rick says: "Look at this, Morty."
Rick says: "Look at my fucking hand."
Rick says: "Look at this shit."
Morty says: "Why do you..."
Morty says: "Keep doing this to us?!"
Morty says: "!"
Rick says: "I don’t know, Morty."
Rick says: "Maybe I hate myself, maybe I think I deserve to die."
Rick says: "I-I-I-I don’t I don’t know!"
Rick says: "We need a vacation."
Screen shows an alien spa. Aliens are seen relaxing and walking around. An alien worker is seen pressing a button which makes a big pink creature spit out relaxed Rick and Morty onto a comfy mattress.
Rick says: "Isn’t that something?"
Morty says: "You were right."
Morty says: "Best day spa in the galaxy."
Rick says: "It's not even cruel, either."
Rick says: "These things are just doing what they do in the wild."
Rick says: "It loves swallowing stressed-out creatures for 20 minutes and then puking them up."
Morty says: "My whole body’s like a baby’s ass."
Scene cuts to Rick and Morty walking down a hallway with different rooms in it while holding drinks.
Alien says: "Complimentary psychological detox?"
Alien says: "Removes all your cognitive toxins,  purifies your system."
Rick says: "Oof, this guy on commission or something?"
Morty says: "I don’t think."
Morty says: "Are you on commission?"
Alien says: "We’re not on  paid by the hour."
Rick says: "It’s disgusting."
Rick says: "Nobody wants to hear that."
Rick says: "Ahem."
Rick says: "Ahem!"
Morty says: ": Okay, Rick, come on."
Morty says: "Enough."
Rick and Morty both sit on the seats as the doors close.
Rick says: "Wow, did you hear me bite that guy's head off?"
Rick says: "Geez, I really need to chill."
Rick says: "All right, mister comedy man, you don’t have to bust my balls."
Rick says: "You’re not helping things."
The machine starts to shake and make loud noises. Rick and Morty look around, Concerned.
The room explodes with a bright flash of white.
The white fades with a ringing noise for a few seconds, showing Rick laying down in.
Toxic Rick says: "Morty!"
Toxic Morty says: "(Toxic Morty is seen almost"
Toxic Rick says: "Rainbow!"
Toxic Rick says: "(He"
Toxic Morty says: "Ugh!"
Toxic Morty says: "What Happened?"
Toxic Rick says: "We blew up, idiot!"
Toxic Rick says: "Are you really that stupid?"
Toxic Rick says: "Obviously the guy I yelled at overloaded the machine."
Toxic Rick says: "It takes more than that to kill Rick and Morty, motherfucker!"
A group of angry, groaning  and mucky creatures crawl towards Toxic Rick and Toxic Morty.
Toxic Rick says: "But this might do it."
Toxic Rick says: "Run, Morty!"
Toxic Rick grabs Toxic Rainbow Dash's arm and run away from the creatures.
Toxic Morty says: "E-Everything hurts!"
They both run into a messy and mucky cave. Toxic Rick throws Toxic Toxic Morty into it.
W-W-We’re in Hell, aren’t we, Rick?
Toxic Rick says: "idiot."
Toxic Rick says: "There’s no such thing as Hell."
Toxic Morty says: "I believe you, but I just want to die."
Toxic Rick says: "You can die when I say so."
Toxic Rick says: "I control you."
Toxic Rick says: "I control the universe!"
Toxic Rick says: "Why am I bragging about that?"
Toxic Rick says: "I have nothing to prove."
He stops her sentence and notices something. He stares at scared Toxic Morty as a piece of his cheek melts off.
Toxic Rick says: "Toxins."
Toxic Rick says: "We’re not in Hell, Morty."
Toxic Rick says: "It removed our toxins."
Toxic Morty says: "Aaaaaaaahhhhhhh!"
Toxic Rick says: "Are you listening, you stupid little garbage person?!"
Toxic Rick says: "!"
Scene cuts to happy Rick and Morty walking out of the room as the doors open.
Alien says: "I hope you both found that detox sufficiently relaxing."
Alien says: "(Puts"
Rick says: "It’s nice of you to let me off the hook."
Rick says: "It’s still unacceptable behavior, and I do regret it."
Scene cuts to Rick and Morty in the spaceship flying back home. They’re both happy and relaxed.
Rick says: "Not at all."
Morty presses a button that.
Radio says: "Grab my terrifolds..."
They both bob their.
Morty says: "I just hit shuffle."
Rick says: "Are you kidding?"
Morty says: "Haha."
Rick says: "This universe."
Rick says: "Oh, excuse me."
Rick says: "That is an interesting concept."
Morty says: "Hoo, if anyone could, Rick."
Morty says: "Thanks, Rick."
Morty says: "I love you."
Screen cuts back to Toxic Rick and Morty. Toxic Morty is sitting down while making a pot/vase, while Toxic Rick is mixing up chemicals.
Toxic Rick says: "Yeah, motherfucker!"
Toxic Rick says: "Yeah!"
Toxic Rick says: "Get it!"
Toxic Rick says: "Get some!"
Toxic Rick says: "Right up your fucking bitch ass, you fuck!"
Toxic Rick says: "Guess who just discovered a new element?!"
Toxic Rick says: "!"
Toxic Rick says: "You think you could do that, Morty?"
Toxic Rick says: "You think anyone but me could do that ever in a billion years?"
Toxic Rick says: "Do you think if God existed he could do it?"
Toxic Rick says: "The answer is no."
Toxic Rick says: "If God exists, it’s fucking me!"
Toxic Morty says: "Yes, Rick."
Toxic Morty says: "I-I agree, Rick."
Toxic Rick says: "While you were flapping your parasitic turd holster, I discovered the toxic equivalent of electricity, Morty."
Toxic Rick says: "What do you think about that?"
Toxic Morty says: "Uh I th-I think my voice is annoying."
Toxic Rick It is, and it’s your best quality.
Toxic Morty says: "So true."
Scene cuts to Harry Herpson High School, where Mr. Goldenfold is teaching a math class.
Mr. Goldenfold says: "Now, who can tell me the common denominator of these two factions?"
Mr. Goldenfold says: "You don’t know or y’all just bored?"
Morty says: "Hey, listen, you know, wh-If we’re all bored over here, wouldn’t the common denominator be you?"
All the students laugh.
Mr. Goldenfold says: "Damn, Morty."
Mr. Goldenfold says: "That’s hilarious."
Mr. Goldenfold says: "Normally I would come down on any kind of disruption, but it seems to represent a positive change for your character."
Mr. Goldenfold says: "Class dismissed!"
The happy Students cheer.
Off screen student says: "Awesome, Morty!"
Student with glasses says: "You done good, Morty."
Off screen student 2 says: "Oh yeah!"
Scene cuts to Morty walking down the school hallway.
Female student says: "Thanks for the advice, Morty."
Morty says: "You got it."
Female student 2 says: "I did it, Morty!"
Morty says: "I knew you could."
Mitch says: "Hey, Morty, remember yesterday when I couldn’t play the trombone?"
Mitch says: "Well, check this out!"
Morty says: "Just like I told you, Mitch."
Morty says: "The music was in your heart the whole time."
Female student looking into her mirror says: "Stupid hat Wish I had the courage to just be myself."
Morty takes her hat off.
Female Student says: "There you are."
Morty dances around to the trombone and stops in front of a bully.
Bully says: "You might have all these idiots fooled, but I know you’re still the same pathetic loser hiding behind a confident facade."
Bully says: "I know that because I’m doing the same thing, brother."
Bully says: "I’m not alone anymore!"
Students celebrate and walk away.
Jessica says: "Hey, Morty."
Jessica says: "Word around school is you’ve become super healthy."
Morty says: "I don’t know about all that."
Morty says: "I do, however, know that I have a pretty bad case of haven’t taken you to dinner-itis."
Morty says: "Might be fatal."
Morty says: "Hahaha!"
Rick says: ": Hey, kids."
Rick says: "Uh, hope I’m not interrupting."
Rick says: "Morty, a moment of your time?"
Morty says: "Happy to help, Rick."
Scene cuts to the car park outside the school.
Rick says: "I hate to bug you with this, but after our morning hike I started receiving very faint, highly unusual transmissions on my sub ether phone."
Rick says: "Listen."
Rick pulls out his phone and plays a recorded message. Confused Morty listens to the distorted message, as it starts to sound like a growling creature and a crowd shrieking. Rick then stops the message.
Morty says: "It’s a bad phone."
Morty says: "Chuck it."
Morty says: "I downgraded to a clamshell for emergencies only."
Morty says: "You know, if if if something’s worth saying, I-it’s worth eye contact."
Rick says: "Uh, I-I-I traced the source of the call back to the spa we went to, Morty."
Rick says: "I thought I could hear a voice in there, so I enhanced it, a-and listen."
Rick plays the enhanced and distorted message.
Toxic Rick says: "Hey, asshole!"
Toxic Morty says: "Oh, man!"
Toxic Rick says: "Remember us?"
Toxic Morty says: "Oh, I don’t like confrontation!"
Morty listens with a blank stare.
Toxic Rick says: "You fucked us, you pieces of garbage!"
Toxic Rick says: "That’s right, you’re fucking garbage, not us."
Toxic Rick says: "I’m a fucking genius and a god."
Toxic Rick says: "You really think this thing can hold me?"
Toxic Rick says: "I’m gonna rip your throat..."
Rick stops the audio.
Rick says: "Morty, what if the toxic parts of us have their own identities, their own will to live?"
Rick and Morty both walk over to a red car and sit on it's front.
Rick says: "W-What if mine shares my intelligence and devised a way to reach out to us?"
Morty says: "Sounds like he’s in a lot of pain."
Morty says: "Lot."
Morty says: "O."
Morty says: "Pain."
Morty says: "But, you know, you shouldn’t have to deal with that, man."
Morty says: "You know, l-let’s work off your trauma with some urban spin yoga."
Morty says: "It’s amazing."
Rick says: "I don’t think I can just blow this off, Morty."
Rick says: "If I had known it worked this way, I wouldn’t have detoxed."
Rick says: "Well, I would have because I was toxic."
Rick says: "Now I’m detoxed and I’m accountable to my toxins, right?"
Rick says: "I-It’s a dilemma."
Morty says: "I think I know what to do."
Rick says: "Morty!"
Morty says: "Rick!"
Morty says: "Haha."
Morty says: "You know, the only problem here is a big fat brain that misses eating all them big fat problems."
Morty says: "Focus on the good thing."
Morty says: "Trust me, things are good."
Morty says: "Taking that away from me, heh."
Morty says: "That wouldn’t be healthy."
Rick stares at Morty, concerned.
Morty says: "Hahaha!"
Morty says: "Hahahaha!"
Morty says: "Oh, man."
Morty says: "World’s Greatest Grandpa, for reals."
Scene cuts to A restaurant. Morty is seen at a table with Jessica, and a waiter, who is writing down an order. Morty is drumming on the table.
Morty says: "I love drums."
Morty says: "I never took drum lessons."
Morty says: "Why?"
Morty says: "Limitations."
Morty says: "We are addicted to our own limitations."
Morty says: "How amazing is that?"
Morty says: "Is the kale prepared in the kitchen?"
Morty says: "I’ll have a water."
Jessica says: "Uh How is the "cru-dite?"
Waiter says: "CruditÃ©."
Waiter says: "It’s a cup of carrot sticks."
Morty says: "Ha!"
Morty says: "It’s okay!"
Morty says: "Pronounce it however you want."
Morty says: "Words are just things."
Morty says: "Please."
Morty says: "Thank you."
Morty says: "We’re having a conversation."
The waiter leaves with the menus.
Morty says: "God, I am so excited to finally have dinner with you."
Morty says: "You know how long I’ve been waiting for this?"
Morty says: "It’s like, whew!"
Morty says: "I-I-I wish you’d shut up, though."
Morty says: "Just kidding."
Morty says: "You know, you’re so quiet."
Morty says: "What’s wrong?"
Morty says: "W-Why don’t you tell me about yourself?"
Morty says: "What’s the atmosphere like on planet Jessica?"
Morty says: "Where’s the equator, what are the vacations, a-and the holidays?"
Morty says: "I mean, you know, haha, are they the same time?"
Morty says: "Talk to me."
Jessica says: "Well I..."
Jessica says: "like this restaurant."
Morty bashes on the table, startling Jessica.
Morty says: "Holy shit!"
Morty says: "Holy shit!"
Morty says: "We have a moron over here!"
Morty says: "I’m an idiot."
Morty says: "I can’t believe I haven’t thought of this."
Morty says: "You have to do this detox thing I did."
Morty says: "It’s an alien spa, you go through it, fwoos-s-s-ssh, lasers, bwaa-bwaa-bwaa, wheeew wheeew!"
Morty says: "Sucks everything out."
Morty says: "Everything that was holding me back, everything bad, I mean, it just sluuuurp!"
Morty says: "Hahaha!"
Morty says: "Right?"
Jessica says: "Oh, my God!"
Jessica says: "I can’t believe this."
Jessica says: "I totally forgot my I have a thing, and..."
Morty says: "Things are good."
Jessica says: "You know what?"
Jessica says: "Why am I doing that?"
Jessica says: "That’s more rude than the truth."
Jessica says: "Look, I’m sorry, Morty."
Jessica says: "I just don’t think..."
Morty says: "Do not."
Morty says: "Even."
Morty says: "You have no need to explain."
Morty says: "It’s all good."
Jessica says: "I think you’d get bored with me."
Morty says: "E-Exactly."
Morty says: "Look, the sparks aren’t flying."
Morty says: "This is what dating is for, you know?"
Morty says: "First date, no sparks."
Morty says: "No damage, no worries."
Morty says: "Life is a highway."
Morty says: "We’re gonna ride it all night lonnngg!"
The waiter comes back and hands him his food.
Morty says: "Gonna eat some "crudite."
Morty says: "Mmm!"
Morty says: "Is this organic?"
Morty says: "Mmm."
Morty says: "Okay, here we go."
Morty walks up to the girl and grabs a chair to sit next to her.
Morty says: "Ma’am, I’m afraid I have some bad news for you."
Morty says: "Your money’s no good here."
Morty says: "Haha!"
Morty says: "I’ll I’ll get the next round, sir."
Stacy says: "Aren’t you a child?"
Morty says: "Only in the ways that matter."
Morty says: "Morty."
Stacy says: "Stacy."
Bar Tender gives Morty a drink.
Morty says: "I’ve been watching you drink, Stacy."
Morty says: "I get the feeling you’ve got a hard job."
Morty says: "I wonder what it takes to please you."
Morty says: "That’s the job I want Part time, full time, I want to be good at it, bad at it, I want to get promoted, fired, corner office, hostile takeover, workplace accident I’m on my knees, Stacy."
Morty says: "Praying, worshipping, begging, whatever you want."
Morty says: "What do you think about that?"
Stacy says: "Okay."
Stacy says: "Fuck it."
Morty and Stacy clink glasses.
Morty says: "Tink."
Scene cuts to Rick's garage. He is seen fixing up something. A taxi parks near the house, the taxi drives away as Morty and Stacy get out of it.
Morty says: "Mm!"
Morty says: "Let’s ask my grandpa."
Morty says: "He’s a scientist."
They both walk into the garage.
Morty says: "Hey, Rick, are you familiar with "Ben Wa" technology?"
Rick says: "Morty, great news."
Rick says: "I went back to the spa and they let me purchase the containment unit from their detoxifier."
Morty says: "Why?"
Toxic Rick says: "Because we’re coming home, bitch!"
Morty says: "What is this?"
Toxic Rick says: "This is the parts of your pussy grandpa that keep it real."
Toxic Rick says: "Oh oh, and I think you dropped something, too!"
Toxic Morty says: "I don’t want to be on camera."
Toxic Morty says: "I’m ugly and gross, please."
Stacey says: "Should I go?"
Morty says: "You’re your own person, Stacy."
Stacy says: "Then I’d like to stay."
Toxic Rick puts Toxic Morty back down off screen.
Morty says: "Rick, please tell me you’re not trying to put that stuff back inside of us."
Rick says: "Morty, I’m sorry."
Rick says: "That stuff is alive and it belongs with us."
Rick says: "We yanked them from their homes and locked them in a can."
Toxic Rick says: "Motherfucker!"
Rick says: "See?"
Rick says: "They’re living in pain."
Morty says: "That’s what they do, Rick, they live in pain."
Morty says: "They are pain, you know?"
Morty says: "They they’re all the bad parts of us, which, by the way, includes our dishonesty, so how do you know this isn’t all some sort of crazy trick?"
Toxic Rick says: "Oh, so now because I’m made entirely of toxins I’m also a liar?"
Toxic Rick says: "Fuck you, you little sociopath."
Toxic Rick says: "You hear this, Morty?"
Toxic Morty says: "Oh, everybody hates me."
Toxic Morty says: "I can tell."
Toxic Morty says: "Y-You all hate me."
Toxic Rick says: "All right, shut up, Morty."
Toxic Rick says: "Healthy Rick, are we doing this or what?"
Rick says: "Yep."
Rick says: "Sorry, Morty."
Rick says: "I need you to step into the booth."
Toxic Rick says: "Don’t negotiate with that little turd, dummy."
Toxic Rick says: "You’re the Rick."
Toxic Rick says: "You need to show dominance."
Toxic Rick says: "Morty, booth, now."
Rick says: "Booth!"
Rick says: "Come on, Morty."
Morty says: "Don’t touch me!"
Rick says: "Morty, do the healthy thing and voluntarily retoxify yourself."
Morty says: "Nooooo!"
Stacy says: "Is it wrong if I think this is kind of hot?"
Rick pulls Morty into the booth with him.
Morty says: "Let me out of here!"
Morty says: "Stacy, help!"
Morty says: "Open the door!"
Stacy says: "I need to hear our safe word, Morty."
Morty says: "Sea Cucumber!"
Morty says: "Sea Cucumber!"
Stacy opens the door and forcefully pulls Rick and Morty out of the booth.
Rick says: "What are you doing?"
Stacy pushes them out.
Stacy says: "I’ll do anything for you, Morty."
Rick says: "No!"
A giant cloud of gas whirls around Stacy, as Toxic Rick and Toxic Morty take her place.
Toxic Rick says: "It worked!"
Toxic Rick says: "Haha!"
Toxic Rick says: "Yes!"
Toxic Rick says: "That idiot believed every word."
Toxic Rick says: "Now let’s see how he enjoys living in that shit tank."
Stacy opens the door to the booth inside the containment unit.
Toxic Rick says: "He’s right behind me, isn’t he?"
Toxic Morty says: "He’s in front of you."
Toxic Rick says: "Oh."
Toxic Rick says: "My eyes are still adjusting."
Stacy says: "Uh, is this like a sex dungeon?"
Stacy says: "I guess I should’ve been paying attention."
CUT.
Scene continues.
Toxic Rick says: "After 70 years of being bottled up inside a  sentimental jackass, I finally get to live my own life."
Rick says: "You said we were merging."
Toxic Rick says: "I lied, dumbass!"
Toxic Rick says: "I lie about everything!"
Toxic Rick says: "Why would I ever re-merge with a pussy like you?"
Rick says: "So you were just gonna trap us in that tank?"
Rick says: "T-That was your plan?"
Toxic Rick says: "Not was, motherfucker, still is."
Toxic Rick punches Rick in the face, knocking him into the ground. Rick's nose starts to bleed.
Morty says: "Kill him, Rick!"
Toxic Morty says: "I don’t like this!"
Toxic Morty says: "This is scary!"
Rick says: "All right, you asked for it."
Toxic Rick says: "Did I ask for this?"
Toxic Rick says: "Huh?"
Toxic Rick says: "Did I?"
Rick falls into the ground, hugging his stomach.
A robot gun pokes out of Rick's belt buckle.
Groin System 6000 says: "Assessing threat to groin."
Toxic Rick says: "Groin System 6000."
Toxic Rick says: "Kill him!"
Groin System 6000 says: "That..."
Groin System 6000 says: "is my groin’s user."
Toxic Rick says: "Believe me, I got a lot more use out of that thing than he ever did."
Groin System 6000 says: "You know what?"
Groin System 6000 says: "Not my table."
Rick gets back up, punching Toxic Rick in the jaw. Toxic Rick then grabs Rick and bashes him against his shelf and his wall, making a mess.
Scene cuts to Summer, watching tv in the living room. She's watching an episode of 'The Days And Nights Of Mrs. Pancakes.' She doesn't notice the two Ricks fighting outside.
Mrs. Pancakes says: "You do know me."
Summer says: "What the hell, Grandpa Rick?"
Toxic Rick says: "Fuck you, Summer!"
Rick says: "Sorry, Summer!"
Toxic Rick runs up to a house plant, pulling down one of it's leaves. It turns out to be a lever to a machine that dispenses a round grenade type device. He is about to pull the pin.
Rick says: "Okay, okay, take it easy."
Rick says: "Don’t do it."
Toxic Rick pulls the pin, and the device opens up to reveal a little blue alien inside. Toxic Rick starts to caress is, as it grows bigger and bigger.
Toxic Rick says: "I love you."
Toxic Rick says: "Good boy."
Toxic Rick says: "Daddy’s little boy."
Rick says: "Summer, get out of here!"
Rick says: "Go!"
Summer runs away to safety.
Toxic Rick says: "Oh, who’s that?"
The creature grows bigger and changes color, as Rick somersaults over the couch, and to a secret compartment that he reveals under the carpet. It scans his hand.
Toxic Rick says: "Who’s that over there?"
Toxic Rick says: "Oh, no."
The compartment opens up and shows a gun with an injection device on it. Rick injects himself with it.
Toxic Rick says: "You see the bad man in front of you?"
Toxic Rick says: "You’re a good little boy, you’re gonna get him."
Toxic Rick says: "You’re gonna get him."
The large aggressive creature lunges towards Rick, but he shoots the gun injection at Toxic Rick before getting mauled to death by the alien monster.
Toxic Rick says: "Ahh!"
Toxic Rick says: "Son of a..."
Toxic Rick says: "Nice try, asshole."
Rick says: "We can resolve  our issues."
Rick says: "We don’t need to resort to over-the-top- Aah!"
Toxic Rick kicks Rick in the face, knocking him down. At that moment, Toxic Morty crashes through the walls of the living room with Rick's spaceship. The tank and the booth is attached to the back of it.
Toxic Morty says: "I-I did it, Rick."
Toxic Morty says: "I got the tank!"
Toxic Morty says: "I-I’m a piece of shit, but I got the tank!"
Toxic Rick says: "You’re going in that tank, motherfucker."
Toxic Rick says: "You’re gonna  live in that toxic shit wasteland like I had to do!"
Morty runs out of nowhere and gets into the ship, biting Toxic Morty's head.
Toxic Morty says: "Ahh!"
Toxic Morty says: "Ow!"
Toxic Rick says: "That’s right, motherfucker!"
Beth walks into the living room with groceries. everyone just stares at her.
Beth says: "Dads?"
Rick says: "Okay, just Just leave her out of it."
Beth says: "What’s going on?"
Toxic Rick says: "All right, fuck this."
Morty says: "Ahh!"
Toxic Rick says: "I’ll just make the whole world toxic."
Summer comes out from hiding.
Rick says: "It’s okay, girls."
Rick says: "I-I’m so sorry I put us in danger with some of my behavior."
Rick says: "I-If you’d like I can go out in the g-garden, pick some fresh basil, and make us a nice Scallopini."
Beth says: "What did the booger version of you mean when he said he was going to make the whole world toxic?"
Rick says: "Believe me, sweetie, that man’s motivations are a mystery."
Morty says: "Screw that, Rick."
Morty says: "We got to stop him."
Morty says: "What’s the last thing you’d think about doing with that tank thing?"
Rick says: "Morty, I appreciate what you’re trying to do, but it’s not our place, you know, to pick and choose which world gets saved from what apocalypse."
Morty slaps Rick.
Rick says: "Morty, how is it healthy to slap me?"
Morty says: "Obviously my version of health is a hell of a lot different from yours, you useless old turd."
Rick says: "Wait."
Rick says: "That’s it."
Rick says: "How could that detox machine know the difference between healthy and sick for everything that goes through it?"
Rick says: "It can’t."
Rick says: "It must be by the individual’s own definition of toxicity."
Rick says: "That means..."
Rick slaps Morty.
Beth says: "Dad!"
Morty says: "What the What the hell, Rick?"
Rick says: "I’ll explain on the way."
Screen cuts to a large tower located near a factory. Toxic Rick has built a machine on it to toxify the earth.
Toxic Rick says: "This "Moon Tower," Morty,  amplification and beaming of toxic energies."
Toxic Rick says: "What do you think about that, Morty?"
Toxic Rick says: "Are you excited about that, Morty?"
Toxic Morty says: "Oh, man."
Toxic Morty says: "I’m just freaked out."
Toxic Morty says: "I-It’s too high up here."
Toxic Rick says: "Once I flip this switch, the entire world is gonna be just as toxic as us, baby."
The machine lights up with electricity and sends rays of the toxic goop all over earth.
Screen cuts to an active church.
The church get toxified.
Priest says: "God is a lie!"
Priest says: "We made him up for money!"
Everyone is the church immediately starts doing sexual things to each other.
Scene cuts to a street with food stores.
The street gets toxified.
A group of teenagers run out of a 'saladworks' and into a fast food store while a woman runs out of the fast food store and starts eating out of the dumpster bin.
Scene cuts to a children's birthday party with a man dressed up as a clown mouse mascot.
The backyard get toxified.
Man says: "You were all mistakes!"
Toxic Rick says: "Hahahahahaha!"
Toxic Rick says: "We fucking did it, Morty."
Toxic Rick says: "Put your fucking hands in the air."
Toxic Rick says: "Yeah, you little piece of shit."
Rick and Morty land behind them with jetpacks. Toxic Rick and Toxic Morty turn around.
Rick says: "Remember me?"
Toxic Rick says: "Didn’t you learn last time that you can’t beat me?"
Rick says: "Yeah, I did."
Rick says: "And then I learned something else."
Rick says: "This."
Rick shoots Toxic Morty in the knee, causing him to collapse in pain.
Toxic Morty says: "Ahh!!"
Rick says: "That bullet is laced with an encrypted nanobotic virus that will disintegrate your Morty in about, ah, 20 minutes."
Toxic Rick says: "You think I give a shit?"
Rick says: "I know you give a shit, dummy."
Rick says: "Because I know I don’t."
Rick says: "Here’s another thing I know."
Rick says: "The decryption key that neutralizes the virus."
Rick says: "You want it?"
Rick says: "Come and get it."
Rick says: "Merge with me and you’ll know how to save him."
Toxic Rick says: "Pfft."
Toxic Rick says: "Come on, man."
Rick shoots Toxic Morty in his other knee, causing him to yell out in pain again.
Toxic Morty says: "Ow-Ohh!!"
Toxic Rick says: "Jesus Christ!"
Toxic Rick says: "What are you doing?!"
Toxic Rick says: "!"
Morty says: "He’s cutting your time in half."
Morty says: "10 minutes."
Toxic Morty says: "Ohh!"
Toxic Morty says: "It hurts!"
Toxic Rick says: "What is your problem?"
Rick says: "Oh, I had all my problems removed my entitlement, my narcissism, my crippling loneliness, my irrational attachments."
Toxic Rick glances at hurt Toxic Morty, and looks back as his eye twitches.
Rick says: "They must be somewhere."
Rick says: "They ain’t over here, bro."
Toxic Rick says: "I’m not going back in there!"
Rick says: "Honestly, I don’t care either way."
Rick says: "I hate having you in me."
Rick says: "And when I say "honestly" you can believe it, because we both know I’m too healthy to lie."
Rick says: "Watch."
Rick shoots Toxic Morty for the third time. This time, in the shoulder. He continues to cry out in pain as he holds his bleeding shoulder. He's getting weaker and weaker.
Toxic Rick says: "All right!"
Toxic Rick says: "Knock it off!"
Toxic Rick says: "You’re not impressing anyone."
Toxic Rick says: "Morty, not that I give a shit, but are you okay?"
Toxic Morty says: "Jesus Christ, it hurts."
Toxic Rick says: "Relax, quit your bitching."
Toxic Rick says: "Y-You’re gonna be fine."
Toxic Rick says: "Grandpa’s here."
Rick says: "Hahahahahaha."
Toxic Rick says: "You think that’s funny?"
Rick says: "Y-You got to have a sense of humor about these things."
Rick says: "Oh, wait, you can’t."
Rick says: "You’re literally incapable of seeing the bigger picture."
Rick says: "I guess it’s just funny because you’ve never done anything but complain about me being in charge, but if I ever gave you the wheel we’d be dead in five minutes."
Toxic Morty says: "Ah, Rick?"
Rick says: "You poor, dumb, sick animal."
Toxic Morty says: "Augh..."
Toxic Morty says: "Rick?"
Toxic Rick says: "Ahh!"
Toxic Rick says: "Just do it!"
Rick injects Toxic Rick in the head, then injects himself with the other end. He then presses a button, sucking Toxic Rick into the tube and back into himself.
Rick says: "Aaahhh!"
Rick says: "I’m back, baby!"
Rick says: "Now we’ll just reverse this hacky toxicity beam."
Rick says: "Man, I really over think shit when I’m angry."
Rick lifts the lever. The machine sucks the toxicity back up.
Scene cuts back to the Church. The people are still doing sexual acts, until the toxic goo goes away. They suddenly stop doing what they were doing.
Priest says: "God is not a lie."
Scene cuts back to the street. The toxicity disappears, and the group of people exit the fast food store and go back into 'Saladsworks,' while the other girl stops eating the trash and runs back into the fast food place.
Scene cuts to the childrens birthday party. The kids are seen killing each other and making monkey noises, and the man mascot is massacred. The toxicity goes, and the kids realize what they did, and start crying hysterically. .
Crying boy says: "Mommy!"
Crying boy says: "Mommy!"
Rick says: "Ha!"
Rick says: "All right, Morty, now it’s time we re-merge your little ass."
Morty is seen flying away with his jet pack.
Morty says: "You’re a better man than me, Rick."
Morty says: "I’m healthy enough to admit that!"
Rick says: "That kid is a real piece of shit."
Toxic Morty says: "Y-Y-You’re gonna save me, right?"
Scene cuts to a workplace somewhere in the city in a large building. Everyone inside are busy working.
Worker says: "I’m telling you, these shares are hot."
Worker 2 says: "Yeah."
Worker 2 says: "That sounds like a good idea."
Worker 2 says: "It’s definitely a good idea."
Morty says: "That’s right, and ask around, I never do, Duane."
Workers quiet down to listen to Morty's call.
Morty says: "Let me put this real simple."
Morty says: "This stock is a beautiful redhead, recently single, not looking to date but ready to fall in love, and fate has put her locker two down from yours, Duane Two lockers down."
Worker in a red shirt says: "Heh."
Worker in a red shirt says: "You little fucking monster."
Scene cuts to Morty's apartment in another tall building. He's cutting up carrots for a snack.
Morty says: "Mmm!"
Morty says: "Is this organic?"
Morty says: "Mmm!"
Morty says: "Go for Morty."
Jessica on the phone says: "Hi, Morty."
Jessica on the phone says: "It’s Jessica."
Jessica on the phone says: "Look, can we just talk for a minute?"
Morty says: "Is that how long it takes for Rick to trace my location?"
Jessica says: "Come back, Morty."
Jessica says: "I miss you."
Morty says: "You miss the old me."
Morty says: "You miss someone that loved you so much you never had to love ‘em back."
A redhead is seen opening the kitchen door.
Jessica says: "How do you know I don’t want to love you?"
Morty says: "Because I’m not sick."
Jacquelyn says: "Ex-girlfriend?"
Jacquelyn says: "Should I be jealous?"
Morty says: "There’s nothing to be jealous of."
Jacquelyn says: "I just realized that I’m scheduled to speak at that fundraiser on our date night."
Jacquelyn says: "I can cancel."
Morty says: "We’ll be together."
Morty says: "That’s a date."
Jacquelyn says: "You are the perfect man."
Jacquelyn says: "I think you hit the wrong button."
Jacquelyn says: "You didn’t hang up."
Morty says: "Huh."
Morty says: "How ‘bout that?"
Six robot drones suddenly crash through the window. One hovers near Jacuelyn, armed, and the others wrap around Morty, keeping him in place. A portal appears on the ceiling and Jessica and Rick fall through it.
Rick says: "Sorry, tiny American Psycho,  time to take the opposite of your medicine."
Morty says: "Do what you got to do."
Rick injects Morty, as he screams in pain. The robot drones let go of him, as he falls to the ground, his limbs having a painful spasm.
Morty says: "Oh!"
Morty says: "Ow!"
Morty says: "Ahh!"
Jessica says: "So, how do you feel, Morty?"
Morty says: "Ah, geez."
Morty says: "I’m miserable."
Rick says: "Am I good or what?"
Morty says: "I guess it’s worth it, though, to know how much you care."
Jessica says: "Care?"
Jessica says: "Me?"
Jessica says: "Morty, I’m fine with you."
Jessica says: "I only did this for him."
Rick says: "You lying bitch."
Rick says: "She kept coming to our house, Morty, and kept asking me."
Rick says: ""Did did d-did you get a new Morty yet?"
Jessica says: "Because you kept drunk dialing me and crying about it."
Rick says: "I wasn’t crying!"
Rick and Jessica continue to argue.
Morty says: "Jacquelyn, I I-I-I wasn’t who I said I was."
Jacquelyn says: "You weren’t a 14-year-old boy from the Midwest who ran away from his family and capitalized on his lack of conscience by becoming a stock broker?"
Morty says: "Oh."
Morty says: "I guess I was pretty up front about that, wasn’t I?"
Jacquelyn says: "You were up front about everything."
Jacquelyn says: "You were my soul mate."
Morty says: "Well No-Not anymore."
Morty says: "I’ll, um Y-You can keep the apartment, and and and, uh the drones."
Rick says: "She can’t keep the drones."
Rick says: "They turn into a little Voltron robot."
Rick says: "They’re awesome."
Robot drones transform into a Voltron robot.
Rick says: "You can’t keep the drones."
Scene cuts to Harry Herpson High School. Jessica is in a hallway talking to her friends, while Morty is going through his locker.
Girl 1 says: "So, how was your date with Brad?"
Jessica says: "It wasn’t a date."
Jessica says: "We were just having lunch."
Girl 2 says: "You guys are getting back together, aren’t you?"
Rick says: "Morty, I need your help on an adventure."
Rick says: "Eh, "need" is a strong word."
Rick says: "We need door stops, but a brick would work, too."
Morty says: "Okay."
Rick shoots a portal and walks through it.
Jessica says: "Morty."
Jessica says: "Good to have you back."
Rick's arm shoots through the portal and grabs Morty, pulling him in.
Girl 1 says: "Have you ever been peed on before?"
Girl 1 says: "Oh, my God."
Girl 1 says: "Yum."
CREDITS.
Credits song says: "Hey, did you ever want to hold a terrifold?"
Credits song says: "I got one right here Grab my terri-flap Squeeze it Grab it, squeeze it Tug on my terri-flap Hey, I want to take you to The terrifold dance Wanna come with me?"
Credits song says: "You can grab my holdie-folds Squeeze ‘em tight You son of a bitch."
Credits song says: "Suck my holdie-flappy folds Lick my flappy foldie-holes My terri-flaps in your mouth Suck my flaps, you piece of shit."
Credits song says: "Whoo!"
AFTER CREDITS SCENE.
Credits cut to the tower near the factory where Toxic Rick left the Toxifier. A man is seen explaining to people about the tower.
Man says: "Although only a handful of moon towers remain today, they were popular in the late 19th century."
Man says: "An entire town could be illuminated by..."
Stacey says: "Sea Cucumber!"
Stacey says: "Sea Cucumber!!"
END.