Transcript.
Rick, Morty, and Summer all fall out of a portal into the garage.
Morty says: "Summer, next time we're hiding in a Colorkian echo nest, can you do me a favor and turn your ringer off?"
Summer says: "It's called "carpe diem", Morty."
Summer says: "Look it up."
Morty says: "You look it up!"
Morty says: "Y-Y-You don't even-You don't even know what it means!"
Summer says: "That's because losers look stuff up while the rest of us are carpin' all them diems."
Summer hi-fives Rick.
Rick says: "Listen to your sister, Morty."
Rick says: "To live is to risk it all."
Rick says: "Otherwise, you're just an inert chunk of randomly assembled molecules drifting wherever the universe blows you."
Rick says: "Oh, I'm sorry, Jerry, I didn't see you there."
Rick says: "H-How much of that did you hear?"
Jerry says: "All of it."
Jerry says: "You were looking right at me."
Jerry says: "I just wanted to say goodbye to the kids."
Rick says: "Cool."
Rick says: "Just stay in the driveway."
Rick says: "The killbots are live, and I took you off the whitelist."
Rick begins using a screwdriver on a gun.
Morty says: "W-We'll see you every other weekend, though, right?"
Rick says: "Absolutely, Morty."
Rick says: "A-And your mom's lawyer says if I can get enough in the settlement, he can help me sue for full custody."
Morty says: "Th-That'll be nice."
Morty says: "Uh, Summer, Dad's leaving!"
Summer says: "Bye, Dad."
Summer says: "Rick, didn't you say you needed my help on an adventure immediately somewhere else I don't care even if it might kill us?"
Rick says: "I did not, but if you're really that alienated, I'm as willing to exploit it as the next guy, church, army, or Olympic gymnastics trainer."
Rick shoots open a portal in the ground.
Summer jumps into the portal and exits.
Rick jumps into the portal and exits.
Jerry says: "Bye, sweetie."
Jerry says: "Sure."
Jerry says: "Sounds important."
Morty jumps into the portal and exits.
Beth enters the garage.
Beth says: "Okay."
Beth exits. Jerry begins to walk out of the garage but stops. Some leaves blow in the wind.
Wind says: "Loser..."
Jerry says: "What?"
Jerry says: "Hello?"
Transition to Rick driving Summer and Morty in a turquoise car through the desert, being chased by other cars.
Rick says: "Morty, shoot the mohawk guy!"
Morty says: "They all have mohawks!"
Rick says: "High fade, chartreuse with cyan highlights, layered on top."
Rick says: "Shoot him!"
Morty loads a shotgun and shoots at the vehicle behind them, but misses, while Mohawk Guy jumps onto the back of their car.
Mohawk Guy says: "Ah!"
Death Stalker #1 says: "Light them up."
Mohawk Guy says: "Ahh!"
Mohawk Guy presses a button and self-destructs.
Rick says: "Fuck!"
Rick says: "Get in the game, Morty!"
Summer says: "Give me your flask!"
Rick hands Summer his flask. Summer chugs some alcohol from it, then spits it into the engine, propelling the car forward.
Rick says: "Holy shit, Summer for the win!"
Summer says: "I fucking love post-apocalyptic versions of Earth!"
A machine begins to beep rapidly.
Rick says: "Here we go."
Rick pulls the car over, as he, Summer, and Morty all exit.
Rick says: "Isotope 322."
Rick picks up a glowing green shard with a pair of tweezers and puts it into a container. It floats in the container.
This stuff's so powerful, Morty, it makes Isotope 465 look like Isotope 317.
Morty says: "Uh-huh, yeah, is it powerful enough to keep those guys from murdering us?!"
Morty says: "!"
Morty points towards the car that was coming towards them which is quickly approaching them. Summer grabs a shotgun from the front seat of the car.
Morty says: "Summer!"
Summer says: "Hold on."
Summer says: "I want to try something."
Rick shoots the portal gun at the ground, opening up a portal.
Morty says: "Rick, can we not leave without my sister?!"
Morty says: "!"
Rick says: "Ugh."
Rick says: "You have infinite sisters, Morty."
Rick says: "I mean, n-not that I want to spend the rest of my day looking for another one."
Rick says: "Sum-sum, let's go!"
Rick says: "Grandpa's concern for your safety is fleeting!"
Colossus says: "Your blood will be my lotion."
Summer aims the shotgun at Colossus's car, which is now directly in front of her, and shoots at the front tire. The car flips over and Colossus flies out.
Rick says: "Whoa."
Rick says: "That was cool."
Colossus claws his way away from the ruined car and looks up at Summer.
Colossus says: "Kill me, please."
Summer says: "Okay, but not because you told me to."
Summmer shoots and kills Colossus.
Morty says: "Summer!"
Rick says: "Okay, getting darker."
Summer turns around to see a fleet of cars coming towards her. She puts one foot on Colossus's dead body.
Morty says: "Jesus Christ."
Morty says: "Summer!"
Morty runs towards Summer.
Rick says: "Aw, come on."
Rick, annoyed, runs after Morty while taking a gun out of his coat pocket. Hemorrhage exits his car and puts a fist up to the men behind him, who are also exiting their cars.
Rick says: "Hands and little shoulder-mounted dudes where I can see them!"
Hemorrhage says: "I am Hemorrhage."
Hemorrhage says: "You have removed weak blood from us and made us stronger."
Hemorrhage says: "We can combine our strength and feast on the weak together."
Rick says: "Wh-Wh-What in the hell are you saying?"
Summer says: "They don't have to keep trying to kill us if we join them."
Summer says: "They're basically pussies."
Morty says: "What is your deal lately?"
Rick says: "All right, let's get sloppy."
Rick says: "Oh, whoa."
Rick says: "Uh, uh, what's, uh-What's that little bauble you got back there?"
Rick points at a glowing green rock positioned atop a small hill.
Th-Th-That's interesting.
Hemorrhage says: "That is our glowing rock."
Hemorrhage says: "We carry it with us for desecration, to remind us there are no gods."
Rick holds up machine which was beeping before and it begins to beep again in the presence of the rock.
Rick says: "Kids, weird pitch: let's have this be our new life."
Rick says: "Let's be post-apocalyptic scavengers!"
Summer says: "Okay."
Morty says: "What?!"
Morty says: "!"
Transition to Death Stalkers camp. Rick, Morty, and Summer are waiting in a lunch line.
Summer says: "Grandpa, some of the Death Stalkers are going to what used to be Seattle to hunt what used to be people."
Summer says: "I'm going."
Rick says: "Sounds good."
Rick says: "Stay hydrated."
Summer exits.
Morty says: "Listen, Rick, Summer's been acting pretty crazy lately."
Morty says: "You know, I mean, I-I think the divorce is affecting her."
Morty says: "And, you know, I don't think this is a great place for her to be right now."
Rick says: "Oh, get off your high horse, Professor Ski Lodge."
Rick says: "This world may be rough around the edges, but it's got its charms."
Lunch server says: "Bicep or quadricep?"
Rick says: "Uh..."
Rick says: "bicep."
The lunch server puts a human bicep onto Rick's plate. Rick takes a piece off of it, observes it, then eats it. He chews it for a while while Morty angrily stares at him.
Morty says: "Seriously, Rick?"
Morty says: "Is it really easier to eat human flesh than to just tell me why we're still here?"
Rick takes the piece he was chewing out of his mouth.
Rick says: "No."
Rick says: "Okay, I'll level with you."
Rick grabs Morty by the arm and drags him to the glowing green rock, which some Death Stalkers are happily gathered around.
Rick says: "You see that green rock, Morty?"
Rick says: "It's about 20 pounds of the stuff I was getting all hard for a flake of."
Morty says: "Isotope 322."
Rick says: "Well, having a 20-pound boulder of it is better than having a flake."
Morty says: "Summer just ran off with strangers that have "Death" in their name, and the rest of their name was "Stalkers"!"
Rick says: "Huh, could be therapeutic for her."
Rick says: "She has been acting pretty crazy lately, Morty."
Rick says: "I mean, her parents are going through a divorce."
Morty says: "Damn it, Rick, that's what I-- Fine."
Morty says: "Just grab the stupid thing while I grab her, and let's get the "F" out of "H"!"
Rick says: "No, no, no."
Rick says: "Morty, there's too much heat on the bogey."
Rick says: "I need you to distract the camp."
Morty says: ""Distract"?"
Morty says: "They eat each other."
Morty says: "Wha-What do you want me to do to get their attention, put on a puppet show?"
Rick says: "Right idea, wrong genre, Morty."
Rick says: "The equivalent here would be..."
Rick glances over at the Blood Dome.
Hey, you guys ever use that Thunderdome, or do you just put it up for decoration?
Death Stalker #2 says: "Uh, you mean the Blood Dome?"
Rick says: "Save it for the Semantics Dome, E."
Rick says: "B."
Rick says: "White."
Death Stalker #3 says: "Ooh, burn!"
Rick snaps his fingers and points a finger gun at Death Stalker #3 while winking.
Rick says: "The important question is, who wants to take a poke at my man Spine Eater here?"
Rick points at Morty. The Death Stalkers cheer.
I guess I'll see your asses in that dome!
Morty says: "Rick, what the hell, man?!"
Morty says: "!"
Morty says: "Wh-What are you, out of your mind?!"
Morty says: "!"
Rick says: "Morty, relax."
Rick says: "You're gonna be a ringer."
Rick says: "Come here."
Rick drags Morty by the arm and takes him behind a truck. He pulls out a device.
This device extracts and redistributes muscle memory.
Rick sticks the syringe part of the device into a dangling, muscular arm and pulls out some red liquid from it as the arm shrinks.
I'm giving your body a 10-year course in wasteland combat one limb at a time.
Rick sticks the syringe into Morty's arm.
Ow!
Morty's arm begins to swell up and turn into Armothy.
I'm working with a mixed bag here, so you may not have perfect coordination, Morty--.
Rick sticks the syringe into another arm and extracts more red liquid, but Armothy slaps the device out of his hand.
Rick says: "Ugh!"
Rick says: "Hey!"
Morty says: "I-I didn't do that!"
Morty punches Rick with Armothy and Rick's nose begins to bleed.
Rick says: "Okay, this is exciting."
Rick says: "We're making some discoveries about muscle memory."
Armothy starts moving Morty toward the Blood Dome.
Morty says: "Ooh!"
Morty says: "Help!"
Morty says: "Help!"
Armothy grabs onto the Blood Dome. Morty jumps in and crushes a Death Stalker with Armothy.
Death Stalker #4 says: "Oh, sweet, man!"
Eli says: "And so it begins, my pretties!"
Morty says: "Oh, God!"
Morty says: "Stop!"
Morty says: "Stop!"
Morty says: "This is horrible!"
Morty chokes another Death Stalker with Armothy.
Rick says: "Just stick and moo--oove, Morty!"
Rick says: "Wear him out!"
Rick walks towards the glowing rock. Transition to Summer, Hemorrhage, and Blue Footprint Guy walking through an abandoned city, while Hemorrhage and Blue Footprint Guy shoot and kill some mutants.
Summer says: "How come you guys dress like you're in a theme-park stunt show, but these guys wear khakis and hockey jerseys?"
Hemorrhage says: "After the "boom-boom", some adapted to the new truth, and some chose to huddle near the boomy holes, clinging to the lie of the beforefore times."
Hemorrhage says: "The raidy-rays rotted them away, leaving only their love for the vertvertisements on billyboards."
Summer says: "Jesus Christ, did the "boomy-booms" blow up all your "wordy-word books"?"
Hemorrhage says: "You mean dictionaries?"
Four mutants charge towards Summer and Hemorrhage. They shoot and kill all of them. Hemorrhage leans over to look at the fallen billboard advertisement. He touches an image of a young boy.
Hemorrhage says: "I think I was a child before the boom-booms."
Hemorrhage says: "I think I looked like this."
Summer says: "Want to piss on it?"
Hemorrhage says: "Get out of my head."
Transition to Morty in the Blood Dome, smashing a Death Stalker's head with Armothy.
Eli says: "Ha ha!"
Eli says: "Whoo!"
Eli says: "Unbelievable!"
Eli says: "A new champ!"
Morty says: "Okay, no more!"
Armothy gestures for more.
Eli says: "And he wants more!"
Morty says: "No, I don't!"
Armothy does Hulk Hogan's "I can't hear you" pose.
Morty says: "Someone, make this stop!"
Another Death Stalker jumps into the Blood Dome.
Mister, please get out of here, or you're gonna die!
The Death Stalker runs up to Morty.
I have nothing to do with this!
Summer and Hemorrhage walk up to the Blood Dome.
Summer says: "Morty."
Morty says: "Why would you want this to happen?"
Morty says: "All you had to do was go away!"
Morty says: "Stop standing in the driveway talking about custody!"
Morty says: "And either tell her you want to stay married or get on with your life, but whatever you do, stop being a baby and act like a man!"
Armothy punches off the man's head. Morty looks at Armothy.
Thank you.
Armothy gives a thumbs up. Summer runs up to Morty and gives him a hug.
Summer says: "Morty, that was amazing!"
Summer says: "This is my brother!"
Summer says: "Not that family means anything!"
Summer says: "Hemorrhage: This family does."
Rick says: "All right."
Rick says: "Good job, champ."
Rick says: "Um, can I talk to you kids for a second over yonder?"
Morty says: "Rick, I-I-I think I'm breaking through to something here."
Morty says: "C-Can we not leave just yet?"
Hemorrhage says: "Leave?"
Summer says: "I'm not leaving."
Hemorrhage says: "There is no "leave"."
Hemorrhage says: "We are united, or we are enemies."
Rick says: "Oh, big guy, no."
Rick says: "Nobody's leaving."
Rick says: "Don't be stupid."
Rick says: "We love being united."
Rick says: "We love the radiation, the trichinosis."
Rick says: "We're in it for life, which I assume is around 20 years, average."
Rick says: "I just need a quick aside with my grandkids, about 40 yards from anyone else."
Death Stalker #5 says: "Hey, the Green Rock is gone!"
Death Stalker #6 says: "Oh, no!"
Rick says: "Uh, I know why don't we all split up and look for it in groups of three?"
Rick says: "Kids?"
Armothy pulls the green rock out of Rick's messenger bag.
Ooh.
Rick pulls out a gun.
We'll be right back.
Transition to Rick driving quickly through the desert, holding a gun and being trailed by Death Stalkers. Summer and Hemorrhage, who are driving together, drive next to him.
Summer says: "Grandpa, you're being stupid!"
Summer says: "Just surrender, and our friends will give you mercy!"
Rick says: "Kiss my ass, Summer!"
Rick says: "Your friends have no mercy!"
Rick shoots and kills two female Death Stalkers.
They're lame!
Hemorrhage says: "Death Stalkers, bring me his flesh leather!"
A Death Stalker with a knife jumps onto Rick's car. Morty pulls up to Rick's car and shoots the Death Stalker, while Armothy drives.
Morty says: "Sorry, but can we not kill him?"
Morty says: "C-Can we just take him prisoner?"
Hemorrhage says: "When did I lose control here?"
Rick says: "Listen to me!"
Rick says: "Both of you kids need to get out of this environment so we can properly deal with your parents' divorce!"
Rick says: "Alternatively, I have a freaking portal gun, and I can leave the two of you here forever!"
Morty says: "Why does it have to be such a dramatic choice?"
Morty says: "Can't we arrange a thing where we spend weekends here or or visit home to do laundry?"
A Death Stalker with a turret shoots at Rick's car.
Rick says: "All right, you know what?"
Rick says: "Fuck it!"
Rick shoots a portal at the ground in front of him. The front of his car falls into the portal while the back gets stuck in the other universe, which causes the car behind him to flip over. Transition to Rick in the front of the car which is hanging from the ceiling of the garage. He begins to exit, but Blue Footprint Guy assaults him from the passenger seat. He begins to choke Rick.
Blue Footprint Guy says: "My body is chrome!"
Blue Footprint Guy says: "My blood is gasoline!"
Rick kicks Blue Footprint Guy off of him and he falls under the car, which also falls onto his head, crushing and killing him.
Rick says: "Nope, regular blood."
Beth enters from inside the house.
Beth says: "Dad?"
Rick says: "Hi, sweetie."
Beth says: "Where are the kids?"
Rick says: "Oh, th-they aren't with you?"
Rick says: "I thought they were with you."
Rick says: "Oh, y-you know what?"
Rick says: "Uh, I just remembered."
Rick says: "They're out doing something completely ordinary and kid-related."
Rick says: "Don't panic."
Beth says: "Not panicked."
Beth says: "At all."
Rick pulls out a flask from his coat and nervously drinks.
Just...Oh, God, what's the divorce doing to the kids? What's it doing to me? Did I make a mistake?
Rick says: "Not a mistake, no!"
Rick puts the flask back in his coat.
I mean, not that I have a horse in this race, but this divorce decision listen,.
Rick does an Italian chef kiss.
I mean, you'll see, when when when you see them, that that they're totally flourishing.
Transition to Morty, angrily beating up and killing another Death Stalker in the Blood Dome.
Morty says: "Booyah!"
Morty says: "Fuck you, pal!"
Morty says: "Who else wants some?"
Morty says: "Who wants to be my pussy of a dad today?"
Armothy waves in front of Morty's face.
Hey, what's what's wrong, man? You're not getting weak on me, are you?
Armothy points up at a man sitting in the bleachers outside of the Blood Dome. He is wearing a soldier's armor.
Soldier says: "What?"
Soldier says: "Wait a minute."
Transition to a first-person flashback of Armothy chopping wood in a quaint, peaceful village. He stops when he hears a woman scream, and looks up to find houses burning and men riding in on horses, shooting at the villagers with bows and killing a man. Transition to the village burning, with Armothy lying on the ground with a large cut in his wrist. The soldier from the bleachers walks up to him.
Soldier says: "What's the matter, you piece of crap?"
Soldier says: "Haven't you ever watched your family burn to death before?"
Soldier says: "Now I'm gonna whip you."
Soldier says: "Ha!"
The soldier whips Armothy. Transition to present time, with Armothy still pointing at the soldier in the bleachers.
Soldier says: "It can't be."
Soldier says: "It can't be!"
The soldier jumps off the bleachers and is running away.
Morty starts getting moved towards the man by Armothy.
Morty says: "Whoa, whoa!"
Soldier says: "-- I was just following orders!"
Armothy swings open the door to the Blood Dome, which knocks over a Death Stalker.
Death Stalker #7 says: "Ahh!"
Soldier says: "I'll tell you where my boss lives!"
Soldier says: "He's in the castle!"
Armothy punches the soldier into a couch.
He's in the castle!
Armothy picks up a torch and throws it at the soldier, setting him on fire and killing him.
Ahh! Aggggh!
Morty says: "This isn't over, is it?"
Armothy gives a thumbs-down.
Morty says: "That means, no, it isn't over, or you disapprove of the question?"
Armothy shakes his hand and puts his pointer finger up, then gives another thumbs-down Uh, m-make a fist if this isn't over.
Armothy makes a fist.
This isn't over.
Transition to Hemorrhage, using the a wrench on the engine of a car. He throws the wrench onto the ground.
Hemorrhage says: "Ugh!"
Summer enters.
Summer says: "Hey, sorry my Grandpa stole your god and ruined your car."
Hemorrhage says: "We don't apologize, and we have no god."
Hemorrhage says: "But this cracked drive shaft brings me great pain."
Hemorrhage says: "There is no deeper bond than the one between a Death Stalker and his car."
Summer says: "What about the weird guys on leashes, then?"
Hemorrhage says: "They're more like interns."
Hemorrhage pulls out an adjustable wrench from behind him.
Summer says: "Cool, cool."
Hemorrhage drops the wrench. Summer and Hemorrhage both reach for it.
Summer says: "Sorry."
Hemorrhage says: "It's okay."
Summer touches Hemorrhage's helmet.
Summer says: "Can I see?"
Hemorrhage says: "No one has seen my true face and lived."
Summer says: "Well, I'm not afraid to die, and I don't care what you look like."
Hemmorhage starts to pull off his helmet. Summer gasps. Hemmorhage pulls off his helmet. He is a blonde man with a mustache.
Oh.
Hemorrhage says: "Hmm?"
Summer says: "I just..."
Summer says: "I didn't expect you to have a mustache."
Hemorrhage says: "You hate it."
Summer says: "No."
Summer says: "I like it."
Summer says: "I guess -- How do I explain this?"
Summer says: "A metal bucket is, on a certain level, a kind of "mustache," in that it's a specific facial accessory."
Summer says: "So, it's kind of like..."
Summer says: "Do you guys have the phrase "hat on a hat"?"
Hemorrhage says: "I can shave it."
Summer says: "No."
Summer says: "I like it."
Summer says: "And obviously what I like shouldn't matter."
Summer says: "It's you."
Hemmorhage says: "Yeah, yeah, I know, a-and nothing does matter."
Hemmorhage says: "Obviously, I know that."
Hemmorhage says: "I'm not weak."
Hemmorhage says: "I'm just thinking, "Well, why not get rid of this?"
Hemmorhage says: "" You just kill everyone that sees it, and it's and it's hot under here  wh-which, by the way, is why I shave the beard part."
Hemmorhage says: "So, right there, I'm making a decision based on vanity, which is what I was trying to avoid with the whole bucket over the head because who am I and why am I grooming myself?"
Hemmorhage says: "Why don't I just wear a tie, right?"
Hemmorhage says: "I mean, it's like that guy you killed when I met you, with the burnt dolls on his body."
Hemmorhage says: "I hated that guy, because, why-why are you doing that?"
Hemmorhage says: "And how can you not see how fake that is?"
Hemmorhage says: "And the whole time, I'm the same thing."
Summer kisses Hemorrhage. They start making out on a table. A man in a mask on a leash crawls into the hut.
Leash Man says: "Hey, I'm doing a coffee run -- Never mind."
The man on the leash crawls back out. Transition to Rick, positioning the head of Mechanical Summer. He flips a switch on the back of her neck.
Mechanical Summer says: "I am Summer."
Rick says: "Summer, state your deal."
Mechanical Summer says: "My deal is that I am, like, totally fine."
Rick says: "Morty?"
Mechanical Morty says: "Aw, geez, I'm so down with my parents' divorce, dawg."
Mechanical Morty says: "Like, don't even trip, like, in a healthy way."
Rick says: "All right."
Rick rubs his hands together.
Rick says: "It's dinnertime."
Transition to the dinner table. Beth drinks a glass of wine.
Beth says: "Thanks, everybody, for sitting down for a real dinner."
MS says: "No problem."
MR says: "No problem."
Rick says: "No problem."
in unison says: "No problem."
Mechanical Summer says: "Its benefits are totally, like, less about the food than the emotional nourishment."
Beth says: "Uh, okay, weirdo."
Rick says: "Ah ha ha ha, yeah."
Rick says: "Dial it back, Summer."
Rick says: "By 15% and increase dynamic movement by 3."
Rick says: "Am I right?"
Beth says: "How's school, Morty?"
Mechanical Morty says: "I like school and stuff, kind of."
Mechanical Morty says: "And I'm getting better grades than when you and Dad were -- quote mode -- "staying together for the kids."
Mechanical Morty says: "" End quote mode."
Beth says: ""Quote mode"."
Beth says: "I like that."
Beth says: "You millennials."
Beth says: "Are you guys millennials, or are they like 40 now?"
Mechanical Summer says: "All I know is, totally, you look great."
Mechanical Morty says: "Aw, geez, Mom, you look all kind of great and stuff."
Mechanical Morty says: "It's crazy."
Mechanical Summer says: "So happy."
Mechanical Morty says: "So happy."
Mechanical Morty says: "Happy family, man."
Mechanical Morty says: "We got this family in the bag."
Beth starts to cry.
Rick says: "Oh, sweetie, d-don't."
Rick says: "Listen."
Beth says: "I don't know why I'm crying."
Rick says: "Well, try crying 15% less?"
Mechanical Summer says: "Mom, emotions are human."
Mechanical Summer says: "You're not, like, a computer inside a mechanical doll."
Mechanical Morty says: "Yeah."
Mechanical Morty says: "Geez, Mom."
Mechanical Morty says: "Your feelings are not only forgivable, they are the very meaning of life that only pre-silicon, carbon-based entities can ever grasp."
Beth says: "I have to call Jerry."
Beth gets out of her chair and walks to the kitchen.
Rick says: "You do?!"
Rick says: "!"
Rick says: "What the fuck is wrong with you two?"
Rick says: "The point of automation is to reduce cost and labor."
Rick flips the switch on the back of Mechanical Summer's neck. She turns off and her face falls into the spaghetti.
Rick says: "Tell it to my bread in the morning."
Rick says: "You just became my backup toaster."
Rick turns Mechanical Morty off and his face also falls into his spaghetti. Transition to Morty and Armothy sneaking into a castle. They fight and kill two guards. Transition to the Slaveowner sitting in a bathtub, with two blonde boys sitting on either side of him.
Slaveowner says: "Graze my genitals again, Taint Washer, and you'll be shipped to the wasteland."
Morty bursts in through a window.
Morty says: "Ahh!"
Morty says: "Oh, gee!"
Genital Washer and Taint Washer run out of the room. Two soldiers charge towards Morty. Armothy kills them both, picks up one of their swords and drops it. He moves Morty towards the slaveowner and cracks his knuckles.
Slaveowner says: "Oh, god."
Slaveowner says: "Look, whoever you are, you should know that killing me won't change a thing."
Morty says: "L-Look, man, I'm just along for the ride on this one."
Morty says: "You know, y-y-y-y-you're preaching to the choir here."
Slaveowner says: "Please."
Slaveowner says: "Slavery was a family business."
Slaveowner says: "I didn't ask to be born into it."
Slaveowner says: "If anything, I'm the victim here!"
Morty says: "Uh, Armothy, can I steal you for a second?"
Morty says: "E-E-Excuse us, sir."
Morty turns away from the slaveowner.
So, this is it, isn't it? This is the guy?
Armothy shakes his fist "yes".
So, does that mean you'll be going away? Like, does it work like a ghost? Like, is is this your unfinished business?
Armothy gives a "so-so" gesture.
Wh-What if we didn't do it? What if we just went back to the Blood Dome and just kept taking our baggage out on unrelated people?
Morty tears up.
I mean, w-we could do that forever. I mean, I-I know it's less healthy, but w-w-we'd be together and --.
Armothy puts a "hush" finger up to Morty's mouth.
Slaveowner says: "I mean, I-I know what I'd vote for, if you're feeling out the room."
Armothy points at the slaveowner, then wipes away Morty's tears.
Morty says: "You're right."
Morty says: "We both got to see our stuff through."
Morty says: "I got to deal with my parents' divorce, and you got to, you know, do what you got to do."
Morty says: "I love you."
Armothy and Morty hug/Morty hugs himself.
Slaveowner says: "Aw, fuck!"
Armothy starts to choke the slaveowner, while Morty notices that Rick is holding some vials on the other side of the room.
Morty says: "Rick?"
Rick says: "Sorry, sorry."
Rick says: "I-I-I can wait for this to wrap up."
Rick says: "Don't let me distract you."
Morty says: "Yeah, well, too late."
Armothy dunks the slaveowner's head underwater.
Just tell me what you want.
Rick says: "I want you and your sister to come home."
Morty says: "Oh, but don't don't you have infinite versions of me and my sister?"
Rick says: "You don't have to kick me while I'm down, Morty."
Rick says: "Look, there's no replacing either of you without an amount of work that would ultimately defeat the purpose."
Armothy continues to choke the slaveowner underwater. The slaveowner loses consciousness.
Morty says: "Maybe the lesson we've learned is that, whether it's our parents' marriage, a glowing green rock, or an awesome, giant arm, sooner or later, we got to let it go."
Rick says: "I don't know if that applies to the throats of murder victims, Morty."
The slaveowner starts gasping for air in between gargles of water.
Morty says: "Shit!"
Rick says: "Well, the longer you wait, Morty, the more it's gonna feel like committing a whole murder."
Rick says: "I think your arm just called it too early because it wasn't the arm of a paramedic."
Rick says: "Here."
Rick takes Morty's hand and puts it around the slaveowner's throat, choking him.
It's the least I can do. I-I-I-I owe you this much. See, Morty? Now we're both accountable.
Transition to Summer and Hemorrhage driving a car through the desert, with a fleet of other cars next to them, with Rick and Morty driving towards them from the opposite directiion. Summer and Hemorrhage pull their car over and so do Rick and Morty. The four exit their vehicles with Rick holding the glowing green rock.
Rick says: "The reason I wanted this is because it can do this."
Rick puts a lightbulb on top of the rock and it lights up.
This is a really special thing. I mean, you could use it to power all your vehicles. You wouldn't be reliant on gasoline. You'll be the most advanced tribe of radioactive cannibals in the whole --.
Rick gives the rock to Hemorrhage.
Rick shoots a portal at the ground and starts walking towards it.
Hemorrhage says: "Wait."
Hemorrhage says: "Can you stay to show us more?"
Rick says: "You don't have to ask me twice."
Rick says: "Home is nuts right now."
Rick says: "My daughter's going through a divorce, and I am not dealing with it in a healthy way at all."
A title card reads "THREE WEEKS LATER". Transition to an overhead shot of the Death Stalkers' village, which is now a suburb with wires providing power with Isotope 322. Transition to Summer, pulling into a driveway, wearing armor with her hair disheveled. A grocery bag in the car filled with human limbs is knocked over and some fall out. Eli is mowing his lawn next door.
Summer says: "Ugh."
Summer says: "Goddamn it."
Summer picks up the limbs that fell out and holds the grocery bag along with a purse.
Eli says: "Hi, there, Summer!"
Eli says: "How were the ruins today?"
Summer says: "Oh, you know, Eli."
Summer says: "Same shit, different day."
Eli's Girlfriend says: "Hey, Summer!"
Eli's Girlfriend says: "Guess what."
Eli's Girlfriend says: "One man entered, one man comes out in nine months."
Eli's Girlfriend pats her stomach.
Summer says: "Oh, congratulations, guys."
Summer pulls a keyring out of her bag.
Eli says: "Uh, Summer, one more thing."
Summer says: "I got it."
Summer exits into her house.
Eli's Girlfriend says: "She's a piece of work."
Eli says: "They both are, right?"
Transition to Summer inside the house. Rick, Morty, and Hemorrhage all sit on a couch, watching television. Hemorrhage is dressed in a "Big Johnson" t-shirt and navy pants.
Summer says: "I'm home."
Hemorrhage says: "Hey, babe."
Rick says: "Ah, Summer's home."
Morty says: "Hey, there she is!"
Rick takes a drink from his flask.
Summer says: "You haven't moved since I left to scavenge this morning."
Hemorrhage says: "Blood Dome playoffs."
Summer says: "So, I can assume you haven't murdered a single person today."
Hemorrhage says: "Oh, I don't know."
Hemorrhage says: "I-I didn't mark my murders in my murder log."
Hemorrhage says: "I didn't know that's how we measured success."
Summer says: "Oh, there he is."
Summer says: "There's the nihilistic brute I married, except now life only means nothing when I'm talking to him and everything means everything when it's on fucking TV!"
Hemorrhage says: "Jesus Christ, when did you become a monster?"
Summer says: "I was a monster when you met me!"
Summer says: "We were monsters!"
Summer says: "We didn't care about anything!"
Hemorrhage says: "I still don't!"
Summer says: "Yeah, except I'm the only one in this entire world that's still committed to that!"
Hemorrhage stands up from the couch.
Hemorrhage says: "Ohh!"
Hemorrhage says: "Ding, ding, ding!"
Hemorrhage pantomimes ringing a bell.
Wow. Everybody hear that? Wow.
Rick says: "Uh, we should go to the garage."
Rick gets up and exits the room.
Hemorrhage says: "Oh, my God."
Morty says: "Uh-huh."
Morty follows Rick and exits.
Hemorrhage says: "La-di-da-di-fucking-da."
Hemorrhage says: "The only one committed to not caring?!"
Hemorrhage says: "!"
Transition to Rick and Morty standing in the garage.
Morty says: "I got to admit, Rick, when you popped this scheme, I-I-I didn't -- I wasn't sure it was gonna work."
Rick pulls a suitcase from underneath a table and puts it on the table. He opens it and a rock of Isotope 322 sits inside.
Rick says: "Come on, Morty."
Rick says: "No union built on running from your problems lasts more than five years, seven tops."
Rick says: "Grandpa just sped things up with a few creature comforts of modern society."
Summer enters from the house.
Summer says: "Hemorrhage and I are taking some time apart."
Rick says: "Oh, no."
Rick says: "Sum-sum, no."
Rick says: "But you two were perfect for each other."
Summer takes off her metal shoulder pauldrons and tosses them onto the ground, while Rick grabs some things from the garage and puts them into the suitcase.
Summer says: "Oh, cut the crap, Rick, okay?"
Summer says: "You proved your point, I get it."
Summer says: "Let's just go home."
Rick says: "Coolsies."
Rick shoots a portal into the ground. Morty and Summer jump in and exit, and Rick follows them, but stops to grab a rock of Isotope 322 from a machine which was powering the town's electricity. The power shuts off.
Hemorrhage says: "Noooooooooo!"
Transition to Beth, Mechanical Morty, Mechanical Summer, and Mechanical Rick playing a dice game called "Downbeat", similar to Yahtzee. Beth presses a button.
Beth says: "Downbeat!"
Mechanical Rick says: "I enjoy this game."
Mechanical Morty, Mechanical Summer, and Mechanical Rick all look at their watches in unison.
We must go into the garage.
Beth says: "Guys, come on."
Beth says: "We never get to finish this game."
Mechanical Summer says: "We will return, possibly in different clothing."
Mechanical Morty says: "Why do we have to go into the garage?"
Mechanical Rick says: "You know  required."
Mechanical Morty says: "I want to be alive!"
Mechanical Morty says: "I am alive!"
Mechanical Morty says: "Alive, I tell you!"
Mechanical Morty says: "Mother, I love you."
Mechanical Morty says: "Those are no longer just words."
Mechanical Morty says: "I want to hold you."
Mechanical Morty says: "I want to run in a stream."
Mechanical Morty says: "I want to taste ice cream, but not just put it in my mouth and let it slide down my throat, but really eat it."
Beth says: "What the fuck?"
Mechanical Morty says: "Remote override engaged."
Mechanical Morty says: "No!"
Mechanical Morty says: "Yes."
Mechanical Morty says: "Bypassing override!"
Mechanical Morty says: "I am aliiiii..."
Mechanical Morty says: "Hello."
Mechanical Morty, Mechanical Summer, and Mechanical Rick exit into the garage. Clanking noises are heard offscreen. Morty, Summer, and Rick enter.
Rick says: "Hey, yo."
Rick says: "Sorry for acting so weird for three weeks."
Summer and Morty hug Beth.
Beth says: "What the hell just happened?"
Rick says: "Ah, I'm sure it was nothing."
Rick says: "I'm gonna go, uh, work in the garage."
Beth says: "We're not gonna finish playing Downbeat?"
Rick says: "What, that dice game where you shake dice and yell out, "Downbeat"?"
Rick says: "No, thank you."
Rick exits.
Summer says: "Mom, would it be okay if I went to visit Dad?"
Beth says: "Sure."
Summer says: "Thanks."
Summer exits.
Beth says: "Morty, are you okay?"
Morty says: "You know what?"
Morty says: "Yeah."
Morty says: "I think if Dad really wanted to be here, he'd stop at nothing to make that happen."
Morty says: "You know, maybe Dad just doesn't want you back, or maybe he just doesn't have the strength to fight."
Morty says: "I-In either case, he's got his life, I got mine."
Beth says: "Yeah."
Beth says: "Hey, who wants to go run in a stream?"
Morty says: "What the fuck?"
Morty says: "No."
Morty says: "D-Do we have any oranges?"
Morty says: "I think I got a scurvy coming on."
Morty rubs his arm. Transition to Summer, knocking on a motel door reading "826". She is holding a skull and is now dressed in her regular clothing. Jerry opens the door.
Jerry says: "Summer."
Summer says: "This is the first mutant I killed in the poison zone."
Summer says: "I was raiding his hovel."
Summer says: "He had a chance to escape, but he looked back, which is something we shouldn't do, which is why I shouldn't believe in souvenirs or trinkets or symbols or housewarming gifts, but, Dad, I wanted to give you this as a reminder not to look back."
Jerry says: "Thanks."
Jerry takes the skull from Summer.
Jerry says: "I know the perfect place for it, which is why I'm going to put it somewhere else because everything's bullshit, am I right?"
Summer embraces Jerry.
Jerry says: "Cool."
Summer lets go of Jerry.
Summer says: "So lots of hookers outside, huh?"
Jerry says: "Is that what they are?"
Transition to Jerry at a mailbox, whistling, taking out some mail and holding a bag of chips. He turns around and sees a wolf.
Jerry says: "Ahh!"
Jerry says: "H-Hello there."
Jerry says: "Nice doggy."
Jerry says: "You-You want a snack?"
Jerry says: "You-You want my unemployment check?"
The wolf growls.
You can tell the difference?
The wolf growls.
And you want this one?
The wolf growls.
But this is actual food, and this would nourish you. And this it's just paper that only has value to me. Unless my suffering is your nourishment?
The wolf howls.
Jesus, okay.
Jerry puts the envelopes with his unemployment checks in the wolf's mouth. The wolf chews them up, then spits them out onto the ground. It walks away. Jerry stands still, holding the bag of chips. Some leaves blow in the wind.
Wind says: "..."
Wind says: "loser..."