Screen plays the outside of the Smith family's house. Jerry is seen packing stuff into the back of a car that is parked in front of the garage, while Beth is standing by the passenger seat side of the car. Rick, Summer, and Morty are standing by the garage door.
Summer says: "Bye, mom!"
Summer says: "Bye, dad!"
Morty says: "Drive carefully!"
Rick says: "Have fun, you two."
Beth says: "Yes, we will have as much fun as possible on our..."
Beth says: "Titanic-themed getaway."
Beth says: "Speaking of disasters, dad, we are leaving you in charge, here."
Rick says: "I know, c-can we wrap this up?"
Rick says: "Morty and I  have some synthetic laser-eels oxidizing in the garage."
Morty says: "Aw, geez, Rick!"
Morty says: "If my mom's the one who's saying it, then you know it's pretty serious this time."
Beth says: "That's right."
Jerry in unison says: "That's right."
Jerry says: "Wait..."
Jerry says: "What?"
Rick says: "Listen, you have my word as a caregiver, everything's gonna be fine."
Rick says: "And if not, like you say, no more adventures or whatever."
Rick says: "It's like that old song "blomp blomp-a noop noop a-noop noop noop"."
Rick says: "You guys know that song?"
Rick says: "From Tiny Roger's?"
Rick says: "You never heard of it?"
Rick says: "You know, the black effeminate guy from the '50s?"
Everyone is silent.
Rick says: "No-nobody?"
Rick says: "A-all right, whatever."
Rick says: "Look, who cares?"
Rick says: "Just go on your stupid trip."
Jerry says: "Not one thing out of place."
Beth and Jerry enter the car and drive out of the garage driveway. Jerry then stops the car, and opens the car door.
Jerry says: "Not a single thing."
Jerry closes the door, and they drive away.
A few seconds after the car leaves, the garage door disintegrates, as the synthetic laser eels screech and float out of the damaged garage door. Rick, Morty, and Summer watch the eel's float away, and the garage door collapses onto the three. The giant hole in the door keeps them from being squashed.
Summer says: "Well, we're past the point of no return."
Summer says: "I'm going to have a party."
Intro plays.
Screen cuts back to the outside of the Smith family's house. Everyone is in the house, and the garage door was put back into it's original place. There is still a massive burned hole in the door.
Summer says: "I found Jello."
Screen cuts to a shelf with snacks, as Summer grabs a box of crackers. She is taking to someone on her phone.
Summer says: "Can you sneak your mom's vodka?"
Summer says: "Yes, she does."
Summer says: "I saw it in your laundry room."
Morty enters the kitchen, angry.
Morty says: "Summer, you can't throw a party!"
Morty says: "Remember what mom said?"
Screen changes to a view of the whole kitchen. Rick walks up to the fridge.
Summer says: "Yeah, if anything gets messed up, you and grandpa Rick get punished."
Summer says: "I'm only a human being, Morty."
Rick is seen searching through the fridge.
Morty says: "Rick, tell Summer she can't have a party!"
Rick says: "Uh, Summer, you can't have a party."
Summer says: "Ugh."
Morty says: "Oh, what?!"
Morty says: "!"
Morty says: "Rick, you can't!"
Summer says: "What do you mean you're having a party?"
Summer says: "Are some glip glops from the third dimension going to come over and play cards or something?"
Rick says: ""Glip glop?"
Rick says: ""  You're lucky a Traflorkian doesn't hear you say that."
Summer says: "Is that like their n-word?"
Rick says: "It's like the n-word and the c-word had a baby, and it was raised by all the bad words for Jews."
Summer says: "screw that."
Summer says: "This is my chance to gain some footing with the cool kids."
Rick says: "That's why you party?"
Rick says: "Boy, you really are 17."
Summer says: "Why do you party?"
Rick says: "To get  wr-wriggedy wriggedy wrecked, son!"
Summer says: "Just keep your sci-fi friends away from my awesome ones."
Rick says: "Yeah, and you keep your awesome friends away from my canapes."
Screen cuts to the Titanic getaway. The boat is seen floating on the water, and people are waiting on the sidewalk.
Screen cuts again to the left side of the boat, as people are seen getting a tour of the boat. Beth and Jerry are also seen on the group of poeple. workers are seen painting a giant board of a sunset just next to the boat.
Tour Guide says: "After dinner, Titanic 2 will attach to the rail system near our replica iceberg, and the hydraulics encased in these tubes will execute a controlled sink into the icy depths."
Jerry says: "A rail system seems archaic for an attraction this impressive."
Jerry says: "Are you sure the ship will sink?"
Tour Guide says: "I can assure you the ship will sink, as it has a thousand times before."
Tour Guide says: "It is un-unsinkable."
The group of people applaud.
Jerry says: "Ooh!"
Jerry says: "Look, it's the line for the bow!"
Beth says: "Jerry, I'd love to just kick back with a Margarita and read."
Both walk down some stairs to the front of the boat towards the line of people.
Beth says: "Do you mind if I skip the whole "king of the world" bit?"
Jerry says: "Well, it's not the "king of the world" bit."
Jerry says: "That's Jack and fabrizio."
Jerry says: "This is where rose says, "I'm flying, Jack!"
Jerry says: "" But whatever."
Jerry says: "I can be the only one to do it alone."
Beth says: "Well, what about her?"
A maid is seen mopping up the deck near the two.
Beth says: "Excuse me, ma'am."
Beth says: "Would you like to take my place in line?"
Lucy says: "I, uh -- I could get into trouble."
Beth says: "We won't tell."
Beth lets Lucy go in the line next to Jerry, and walks away, reading a book.
Jerry says: "So..."
Jerry says: "You're a Titanic fanatic?"
Lucy says: "Oh, yes."
Lucy says: "I've worked here since it opened, but I've never been able to participate."
Jerry says: "Happy to help..."
Jerry says: "rose."
They both smile as Lucy grabs Jerry's arm, and they both walk down the line. Lucy giggles.
Screen cuts to the Smith family's living room. There are a few people chilling out and eating snacks.
Tammy says: "I love watching bukkake."
Tammy says: "I mean, like, I don't know if I personally would ever do it..."
The doorbell rings, and Summer walks over to the door and opens it.
Summer says: "Brad!"
Summer says: "Hey!"
Brad says: "Yo."
Brad walks into the house with a few other guys.
Tammy says: "Brad is here!"
Tammy says: "Quick, make my hair look drunk."
The girl messes up Tammy's hair. Tammy poses as if she's drunk as Brad and the other guys walk past   them.
Brad says: "Check it out."
Brad says: "Tammy's already drunk."
Brad says: "Cool."
Summer watches as the guys walk away. As she goes to close the door, a man who is half bird and half human stops the door. Summer opens the door again.
Birdperson says: "The beacon was activated."
Birdperson says: "Who is in danger?"
Summer says: "Ugh!"
Summer says: "Grandpa!"
Rick walks up to Birdperson, happy to see him. They fistbump. Summer walks away, grumpy.
Rick says: "Birdperson!"
Birdperson says: "I am pleased there is no emergency."
Rick says: "Oh, there's an emergency, all right."
Rick says: "A pussy emergency!"
Rick says: "When's the last time you got laid, 'pers?"
Birdperson says: "It has been a..."
Birdperson says: "challenging mating season for birdperson."
Rick says: "Then it's time to get your beak wet tonight, playah."
Rick says: "Go have some fun out there birdp-- bird-- birdperson."
Morty walks up to Rick.
Morty says: "Oh, man, how many people did you invite, Rick?"
Rick says: "Uh..."
Rick says: "people?"
Rick says: "Mm, six."
A big green spaceship/UFO lands in front of the house. A bunch of happy little green lumpy aliens come running out of the ship/UFO into the house.
Rick says: "Yo!"
Rick says: "What up, my glip glops?!"
Rick says: "!"
Morty says: "Oh, man!"
Screen cuts to the outside of the house. It's nighttime, and people and aliens are seen walking around outside. Two Rick's from the Citadel of Ricks arrive through a portal.
Morty says: "Oh!"
Morty says: "Y-y-you know there's a garbage, right?"
An alien is seen falling off the ceiling.
Morty hears a noise, and goes to investigate. He walks into a room to find a red crocodile-like creature mauling up and eating a bird creature. Other people and creatures are just watching.
Morty says: "Hey, uh, what the hell?!"
Morty says: "!"
Jelly-like creature with items stuck inside of it says: "Ooh."
Jelly-like creature with items stuck inside of it says: "That's why you never invite a floopy doop and a shmoopy doop to the same party."
Morty is furious. But he hears a creaking noise coming from upstairs. He goes and checks it out. He walks into his parent bedroom to see two people or aliens, presumably having sex in their bed under the covers.
Morty says: "Oh, oh, g-- oh, that's disgusting!"
Morty says: "You guys are in my parents' bed!"
The covers are lowered to show a blue alien creature with a giant growth on it. It jiggles when he moves.
Blue alien says: "Oh."
Blue alien says: "Sorry."
Blue alien says: "I'm not feeling too well."
Blue alien says: "I just needed to lie down for a bit."
Morty says: "Oh."
Morty says: "Okay."
Morty says: "S-s-sorry."
Morty says: "Haha."
The blue alien pukes on the side of the bed. It disintegrates a giant patch of the mattress.
Morty says: "Oh, my God!"
Morty says: "Are you kidding me?!"
Morty says: "!"
The screen cuts to the corner of the kitchen. The traflorkians are seen pouring themselves drinks with a beer dispenser. Rick is also there, listening to a half human and half robot person talking to him. Rick is bored out of his mind.
Gearhead says: "The thing people don't realize about the Gear Wars is that it was never really about the gears at all."
Rick says: "Uh-huh."
Rick says: "Yeah."
Rick says: "No, no, to-totally."
Morty walks up to Rick, stressed out.
Rick interrupts Morty, and grabs him.
Rick says: "Morty!"
Rick says: "Have you met Gearhead?"
Gearhead says: "How familiar are you with the Gear Wars, exactly?"
Morty says: "Uh..."
Morty says: "Not at all."
Gearhead says: "Oh, boy."
Gearhead says: "I envy you."
Gearhead says: "Okay, it was about 754 years ago..."
Screen cuts to the outside of the house again. People are seen drunk, some people are still arriving, and there is toilet paper hanging off the roof of the house. A big alien structure is seen on the roof, and one lands just in front of the house. A bunch of cyborg robots exit it and march up to the house.
The screen cuts back into the house living room. Rick is by the couch with a large red crab creature. Morty walks up to Rick.
Rick says: "Oh, hey, Morty!"
Rick says: "H-have you -- have you met my buddy scropon?"
Morty says: "Not again, Rick."
Morty says: "That last guy droned on for 20 minutes, you know?"
Morty says: "And meanwhile, the whole house is being destroyed!"
A beer bottle is seen smashing into a wall, making a mess.
Rick says: "Whoa, Morty, this guy's entire planet was destroyed."
Scropon walks away, moping.
Rick says: "Have a little perspective."
A cat creature walks up to Rick from behind Morty. He's holding some alcohol.
Squanchy says: "Hey, Rick, squanchy party, bro!"
Rick says: "Aw!"
Rick says: "Squanchy!"
Squanchy says: "Is there a good place for me to squanch around here?"
Rick says: "Squanchy, you can squanch wherever you want, man."
Rick says: "Mi casa es su casa, dawg!"
Squanchy says: "All right!"
Squanchy says: "I like your squanch!"
Morty says: "Uh, Rick, what exactly is "squanching"?"
Rick says: "Morty, listen -- we've had a lot of really cool adventures over the last year, but it's time to relax."
Morty says: "Yeah, if I relax now, there might not even be any more adventures!"
Rick says: "Jesus, Morty, you're bumming me out."
Rick says: "Can't we just pretend like everything's fine for a few hours, enjoy ourselves, and then worry about all this later?"
Morty says: "Yeah, that's easy for you to say, Rick."
Morty says: "You know, you like not caring about stuff."
Morty says: "You know, wh-wh-what's in this for me?"
Time slows down as Jessica dreamily walks into the living room, whipping her hair. People are seen watching her in awe, and a beer bottle is seen being thrown past her.
Morty says: "Jessica."
Time goes back to normal.
Rick says: "Knock it off, Slow Mobius!"
A person/alien wearing yellow clothes and is holding magical wands with clocks on the ends is seen stirring up time with his magic.
Slow Mobius says: "Ha ha!"
Slow Mobius says: "Sorry, dude!"
Slow Mobius says: "I'm just trying to show off my powers, bro!"
Jessica walks into a different room.
Morty says: "I can't believe she's here."
Rick says: "Well, what are you doing standing here, Morty?"
Rick says: "Go."
Rick says: "Talk to her."
Rick says: "Tonight, the only adventure you're on is your cusping manhood."
The scene cuts to the titanic. Jerry and Lucy are running together, laughing. They run past a smoking man. Jerry steals his cigarette, and gets rid of it.
Jerry says: "Oh, Rose."
Jerry and Lucy both spin dance together.
Lucy says: "Whee!"
Both laughing, as they both look over the balcony at the front of the boat.
Jerry says: "Is that what I think it is?"
Screen cuts to the front of the boat, with workers who are stacking painted boards of pieces of the Titanic.
Lucy says: "Yes, every couple gets to re-create Jack's drowning at the end of the movie."
Screen cuts back to Jerry and Lucy.
Lucy says: "It's so romantic."
Jerry says: "I can't wait to do that with Beth."
Lucy says: "I don't know, Jerry."
Lucy says: "With all due respect, it seems like your wife may not be that interested."
Voice through speaker says: "Iceberg, right ahead!"
Voice through speaker says: "The buffet is now closed."
Everybody gathers up to the balcony of the boat, watching excitedly.
Voice through speaker says: "Iceberg, right ahead!"
Voice through speaker says: "The buffet is now closed."
Screen cuts to the bridge of the boat. The two captains watch.
Captain #1 says: "Uh, sir?"
Captain #1 says: "There's not a problem."
Captain #2 says: "What do you mean there's not a problem?"
The control panel's light are flashing red, and beeping.
Captain #1 says: "The guidance system isn't putting us on a direct collision course."
Captain #1 says: "This ship is about to completely miss the giant iceberg!"
Captain #2 says: "Well, do something!"
Captain #2 says: "Steer into it!"
Captain #1 says: "I'm trying!"
The boat completely misses the iceberg.
Captain #2 says: "It's too late."
Captain #2 says: "Ladies and gentlemen..."
Captain #2 says: "Don't brace yourselves."
Everyone on the boat gasp, as they watch the iceberg go past them.
Jerry says: "No!"
Jerry says: "What happened?!"
Jerry says: "!"
Lucy says: "Their rail system must have failed."
Passengers says: "Oh, my God!"
Passengers says: "We're not gonna sink!"
Passengers says: "What are we gonna do?!"
Passengers says: "!"
Screen cuts to the Smith family's house party. A group of fish creatures are seen swimming and jumping into a pool of yellow liquid. But the screen zooms out to show that it turned out to be a cup full of alcohol. A guy picks the cup up.
Guy says: "Totally gonna get laid tonight."
Tammy is seen swooning over Birdperson. She is petting his feathers.
Tammy says: "I like your feathers."
Birdperson says: "They are designed to attract the attention of the female."
Tammy says: "It's working."
Birdperson says: "Tammy, I should let you know I just got out of a highly intense soul bond with my previous spirit mate."
Tammy says: "I'm not looking to get into a soul bond."
Tammy says: "I'm just looking for..."
Birdperson says: "I believe birdperson can arrange that."
Screen pans to Summer talking to her friends. A girl with glasses walks over to her.
Nancy says: "Hey, Summer, haven't seen you at flute practice in a while."
Girl says: "Summer, don't tell me you're friends with her."
Summer says: "Are you kidding me?"
Summer says: "I don't even know what she's doing here."
Rick walks up to Summer.
Rick says: "Whoa."
Rick says: "Not cool, summer."
Rick says: "This is a party."
Rick says: "Everybody should be welcome."
The wall gets demolished along with a loud explosion. The dust fades, to show a mix between Abradolph Linkler and Adolf Hitler. The house is silent, as he goes around getting aggressive to people.
Rick says: "Oh, great."
Rick says: "Who invited Abradolph Lincoler?"
Summer says: "I thought everyone was welcome."
Rick says: "It's not the same, Summer."
Rick says: "Lincoler is a crazed maniac -- just a misguided effort of mine to create a morally neutral superleader by combining the DNA of Adolf Hitler and Abraham Lincoln."
Rick says: "Turns out   it just adds up to a lame, weird loser."
People run away from Abradolph Lincoler, before he finds Rick.
Abradolph Lincoler says: "Rick, you brought me into this world, a suffering abomination tortured by the duality of its being."
Rick is drinking his alcohol, unimpressed.
Brad says: "Whoa."
Brad says: "What's up, man?"
Abradolph Lincoler says: "I have no quarrel with you, boy."
Brad says: ""Boy"?"
Brad says: "What's that supposed to mean?"
Rick says: "Don't look at me, dude."
Brad says: "So I should get on my knees and kiss your ass?!"
Brad says: "!"
Abradolph Lincoler says: "Well, no, but..."
Abradolph Lincoler says: "You know?"
Brad says: "What do I know?"
Brad says: "That the third reich will reign for a thousand years?"
Jessica says: "Leave him alone, Brad."
Brad says: "Stay out of this, Jessica!"
Rick says: "Kick his ass, Brad!"
Everyone except Morty says: "Kick his ass!"
Jessica says: "Kick his ass!"
Everyone except Morty says: "Kick his ass!"
Jessica says: "Kick his ass!"
Everyone except Morty says: "Kick his ass!"
Jessica says: "Kick his ass!"
Everyone chants, as Brad beats up Abradolph Lincoler.
Jessica says: "Brad!"
Jessica leaves the living room, as Morty follows her. Rick follows after Morty.
Morty says: "Rick!"
Rick says: "I just did you a favor, Morty."
Screen cuts to the steps of the front door. Jessica is sitting alone in the messy front yard. The Morty exits through the door.
Morty says: "Sorry about all that."
Morty says: "Rick has some really strange friends."
A roll of toilet paper falls off the roof, leaving a trail of toilet paper. Morty sits next to Jessica.
Jessica says: "Ugh!"
Jessica says: "Brad is such a jerk."
Jessica says: "He's always trying to prove what a man he is."
Jessica says: "I just want to find somebody nice and sweet."
Morty says: "Jessica, can I show you something?"
Screen cuts to Morty opening the door to Rick's garage, and switching on the light. Jessica is with morty. The garage is full of constructed devices and stuff.
Jessica says: "Wow!"
Jessica says: "Look at all this stuff."
Morty says: "Yeah."
Morty says: "This is me and my grandpa Rick's Sci-Fi workshop."
Morty says: "Check this out."
Morty presses a button on the device, and it projects holograms of the universe and the planets.
Jessica says: "It's beautiful."
Morty says: "You know, Jessica, there's something I've always wanted to tell you."
Jesica says: "What's that, Morty?"
Jessica says: "No, that -- those weird sounds coming from the closet over there."
Morty turns off the device, and hands it to Jessica, as he goes to investigate the closet. He walks over to it, hesitant to open it. He glances at Jessica, before opening it. Inside is Squanchy, Autoerotic asphyxiating himself. Choking himself with a rope while masturbating.
Jessica says: "Aah!"
Morty says: "Oh, my God!"
Squanchy says: "Hey, I'm squanching in here!"
Morty says: "Oh, my God!"
Morty says: "Oh, that is so disgusting!"
Morty covers his eyes and backs away, accidentally bumping into a large and tall device, knocking it over.
Morty says: "Ow!"
Morty says: "Oh!"
Morty says: "Oh, crap!"
The glass on the top of the device shatters, as it flashes a bright green light.
The screen cuts to the outside of the house, as the green light surrounds the whole house, and it disappears. It leaves a giant hole where the house was.
The house teleports into a colorful alien dimension. Everyone shouts in fear due to the impact of the house landing into the ground.
The screen cuts to the living room. Everyone is silent, as the power turns back on. Rick turns to look outside the screen door, and opens it. He watches the giant aliens crawl around.
Rick says: "Huh."
Rick says: "Big star in the sky."
Rick says: "We'll be fine!"
Rick says: "Let's party!"
A random guy with his t-shirt in hand swings it over his head in excitement. He yells out, as he runs outside, only to be grabbed by an alien and stuffed into it's hole. Most likely it's genitals. Everyone is silent and concerned, so Rick quickly turns on a stereo.
Everyone cheers and dances with Rick.
COMMERCIAL BREAK.
Scene cuts back to the outside of the house. Rick, Summer, and Morty are outside the screen door. Rick is holding a device and scanning for something. Everyone is still partying inside.
Summer says: "I swear to God, Morty, if it weren't for the fact that everyone's still having a blast in there, I would be so furious with you right now."
Rick says: "Oh, man."
Rick says: "Y-you hear that, Morty?"
Rick says: "You really lucked out with Summer o-on that one."
Morty says: "How are you guys not freaking out right now?!"
Morty says: "!"
Morty says: "T-the whole house is sitting in another dimension!"
Morty says: "I-I mean, w-what the hell are we supposed to do?!"
Morty says: "!"
Morty says: "M-m-mom and dad are gonna kill us!"
Morty says: "I'm losing it here, Rick!"
Rick says: "Oh, shit, motherfucker!"
Rick says: "Kalaxian crystals, Morty, just a few miles South of here."
Morty says: "Okay."
Morty says: "Let's go, then."
Morty grabs Rick's arm and tries to pull him. Rick gets back up, but he won't follow morty.
Morty says: "W-w-we got to go get those crystals right now, Rick."
Rick says: "Whoa, whoa, whoa."
Rick says: "Morty, Morty, I-I can't go with you."
Rick says: "I got to hang back and make sure everything stays cool here, you know?"
Rick says: "I mean, who knows what -- what if somebody breaks something?"
Summer says: "Yeah."
Summer says: "Me too."
Summer says: "I should stay."
Nancy and Abradolph Lincoler open the screen door and walk through. Abradolph Lincoler is holding a cold soda can up to the side of his face.
Abradolph Lincoler says: "You guys have any aspirin?"
Rick says: "Oh, hey, Morty, this is perfect!"
Rick says: "You can take Lincoler with you."
Abradolph Lincoler says: "Hey, man, I'm not going anywhere."
Abradolph Lincoler says: "I'm injured."
Rick says: "Shut up, Lincoler."
Rick says: "It's the least you can do for wrecking the living room."
Abradolph Lincoler walks away from the house, as Morty follows.
Summer says: "Yeah!"
Summer says: "And, Nancy, you should go, too."
Nancy says: "What?"
Nancy says: "Why -- why me?"
Summer says: "Because, uh, you're -- you're so good at playing the flute."
Rick and Summer glance at each other, and enter the house.
Screen cuts back to the Titanic. Workers are seen moving the iceberg away, and cleaning up outside.
Screen cuts to the inside of the ship. Everyone is at the 'customer service.' Icluding Beth and Jerry.
Captain #2 says: "Sorry for the inconvenience, folks."
Captain #2 says: "We should resume sinking shortly."
Captain #2 says: "In the meantime, please, stay on the ship and enjoy a complimentary plate of James Cameronion rings."
Jerry says: "Great."
Jerry says: "Not only is the ship not sinking, but now the fourth wall has been broken."
Lucy walks up To Jerry.
Lucy says: "You see, Jerry?"
Lucy says: "May I show you something?"
Screen cuts to the storage area of the ship. Lucy and Jerry enter it. It's stocked full of boxes, nets and barrels.
Lucy says: "Had everything gone as planned, this entire area would be underwater."
Jerry says: "I would have liked to see it."
Jerry says: "This trip has been a "Titanic" failure."
Jerry says: "Get it?"
Lucy removes her dress, exposing her naked body.
Jerry says: "Ooh!"
Lucy says: "Draw me, Jerry."
Jerry says: "Oh, boy."
Jerry says: "Lucy, wow."
Jerry says: "Uh, this isn't what I had in mind."
Lucy says: "But it's the perfect moment."
Lucy says: "We've been dreaming about this for 16 years."
Jerry says: "Um, not like this."
Jerry says: "Not -- not with you."
Jerry says: "Heh."
Lucy says: "You are gonna draw me."
Jerry says: "Aah!"
Lucy says: "Then you're going to fuck me in that car over there."
Screen cuts to a part of the alien dimension that the Smith family's house is stranded in. Abradolph Lincoler, Morty, and Nancy are walking down a path, searching for the crystals. Morty is holding Ricks scanning device.
Abradolph Lincoler says: "It's weird, 'cause I definitely think that all men are created equal."
Morty says: "Okay!"
Morty says: "Um, the crystals should be really close."
Nancy says: "There they are!"
Morty and Nancy both run to collect some, but are stopped by Abradolph Lincoler.
Abradolph Lincoler says: "Wait."
Abradolph Lincoler says: "Something's not right."
A big two-headed creature attacks Abradolph Lincoler, knocking him down. Nancy shrieks.
Abradolph Lincoler says: "Get the crystals!"
Abradolph Lincoler says: "I'll handle the beast!"
Abradolph Lincoler says: "Prepare to be emancipated from your own inferior genes!"
Nancy says: "Summer's gonna like me again."
The creature is still attacking Abradolph Lincoler. It strikes him down. Nancy and Morty watch, concerned.
Abradolph Lincoler throws the dead alien creature, as he sits and leans on a giant rock, exhausted. He is suffering from severe bleeding cuts. Morty and Nancy run up to him.
Morty says: "Lincoler, come on!"
Morty says: "Let's get out of here!"
Abradolph Lincoler says: "Mein journey is over, Morty."
Abradolph Lincoler says: "I have something important to tell you."
The screen cuts to the living room. Everyone is listening to Gearhead singing a song while playing his guitar.
Nancy and Morty run in.
Rick says: "All right!"
Rick says: "You did it, Morty."
Morty says: "Rick, wait!"
Morty says: "There's something you need to know."
Morty says: "I couldn't have done it without Lincoler."
Morty says: "He said that he was really sorry and that he loves you like a father."
Nancy tears up.
Morty says: "He only wanted you to accept him, and he hopes that his final act would redeem him in your eyes."
Morty says: "He sacrificed himself to save all of us, Rick."
Morty says: "He died."
Nancy comforts Morty.
Rick says: "Well, at least he didn't die in vain."
Rick says: "He got these crystals."
Rick says: "And these babies just saved this lame-ass party!"
Rick says: "Wubba, lubba, dub, dub!"
Rick says: "Play something."
Rick says: "Somebody, play something."
A stereo robot presses a button to play a song. Morty and Nancy watch in confusion.
Morty says: "Wait a minute."
Morty says: "What?"
A song starts, as Rick prepares himself. Everyone else is watching, bobbing their heads to the beat of the music.
People start to copy him.
The people who aren't dancing are watching and bobbing their head. Tammy is sitting on Birdperson's lap. They are both enjoying the dance.
Rick says: "Slow Mobius, hit me with the clock beam!"
Slow Mobius uses his magic clock wands to mess with time, and to make his dance look cool. A record rewinding can be heard.
The song ends.
Everyone cheers.
Rick says: "That's the Rick dance!"
Rick says: "All right!"
Rick says: "Whoa, man!"
Morty says: "What the hell was that?!"
Morty says: "!"
Morty says: "I thought those crystals were supposed to help us get home or something!"
Rick says: "What?"
Rick says: "No, no, no."
Rick says: "I can get us home whenever I want to."
Rick says: "But, listen, speaking of those crystals, can I get the rest of them?"
Rick says: "I'm starting to come down, Morty."
Morty takes the bag of crystals and throws them outside. An alien grabs the bag and takes it away.
Morty says: "That's what I think of your crystals, Rick!"
Rick says: "Oh, Morty, you idiot!"
Rick says: "Does anybody else have any more k-lax?"
Rick says: "B-birdperson?"
Birdperson shrugs.
Rick says: "Uh, squanchy?"
Squanchy says: "Don't squaunch at me."
The alien who took the crystals in seen doing the 'Rick dance' in the background.
Morty says: "All right, everybody, party is officially over!"
Morty says: "Rick, take us home now."
Rick says: "All right, all right, fine, Morty, you party pooper buzzkill!"
Rick says: "Boo, boo!"
Rick says: "Morty sucks!"
Everyone starts booing at Morty.
Tammy says: "Boo!"
Tammy says: "You suck, whatever your name is."
Everyone says: "Boo!"
Rick says: "Morty, you're the worst, Morty."
Morty walks away, angry.
Gearhead says: "But these gears just started turnin'."
The scene cuts back to the Titanic. Nervous Jerry is drawing Lucy onto a notebook.
Lucy says: "Almost finished, Jerry?"
Jerry says: "Uh, almost."
Jerry says: "I haven't quite captured your beautiful eyes."
Lucy says: "I'm sure it's good enough."
Lucy says: "Move!"
Screen cuts to the old-fashion car. Jerry and Lucy walk up to it.
Lucy says: "Every weekend, Jacks and Roses have their Titanic experience in this car, and I have to mop it up."
Lucy says: "The floor drops out to make it easier."
Lucy says: "But now it's my turn."
Lucy says: "We're going to get it nice and steamy in there, and I'm going to slam my hand on the steam and leave a nice handprint, and then you're going to love inside of me."
Lucy shoves Jerry into the car. He whines in fear, as he clutches onto his drawing on the notebook.
Lucy says: "No mess."
Lucy says: "No clean."
A book is thrown at Lucy, knocking her out. Beth threw it.
Jerry says: "Beth!"
Beth says: "Bet you're glad I think kindles are dumb now."
Jerry runs over to Beth, hugging her. He throws the notebook with his drawing onto Lucy, as a few men, including the tour guide.
Screen cuts to the parking lot of the Titanic getaway. Jerry and Beth are outside their car, while Jerry is packing their stuff into the back.
Beth says: "I can't help but feel a little guilty."
Beth says: "I didn't peg Lucy for a rapist."
Jerry says: "What does a rapist look like exactly, Beth?"
Jerry says: "Is it a slavic man wearing a denim jacket with a patchy beard and the scent of cheap champagne wafting over his blister-pocked lips?"
Beth says: "What?"
Jerry glances around, not answering.
Beth says: "Well, at least you got all this free stuff."
Beth says: "Should be enough to satisfy your Titanic Jones for a while."
Jerry says: "Beth, listen to me."
Jerry says: "You're going to get out of here."
Beth says: "Jerry, just leave the door."
Jerry says: "It's not a door, Beth."
Jerry says: "It's debris."
Beth says: "I don't care."
Beth says: "Just leave it."
Jerry says: "Yeah."
Jerry says: "Okay."
Lucy says: "Ahahahah!"
Lucy says: ""Cape fear"!"
Lucy says: "Hahahaha!"
Lucy says: ""Cape fear"!"
Lucy says: "I'm -- I'm doing -- I'm -- I'm going to do like from "cape fear"."
Lucy accidentally lets go and gets run over by the car.
Lucy says: "Ugh!"
Lucy says: "Auh!"
Lucy says: "Augh!"
Lucy is bleeding and very injured. She moans in pain, trying to crawl.
Screen cuts to where the hole is where Smith family's house was, as it teleports back there. People and aliens are seen leaving the house.
Squanchy says: "Hey, squanchers!"
Squanchy says: "The party's squanching on at my place!"
Everyone cheers on with Squanchy. Brad and Jessica are seen exiting the house too. Brad's arm is around Jessica. Morty sees this, shocked.
Summer says: "Cool."
Summer says: "I'm coming, too."
Squanchy says: "Uh, no."
Squanchy says: "You're not squanchy enough for a squanchy party."
Summer says: "What?"
Squanchy says: "Nancy told us what a bitch you are."
Nancy follows everyone else.
Summer says: "Guys, seriously."
Summer says: "Nancy?"
Nancy says: "Summer, you're a bad person."
Nancy says: "All you care about is having popular people like you."
Nancy says: "That's not what Abradolph Lincoler stood for."
Nancy says: "Well, I-it was hard to pin down what he stood for, but it's certainly not what he died for."
Nancy leaves out the door, and Morty slams the door, mad.
The house is completely trashed. Rick flops onto the couch and falls asleep, while Summer sits on the small couch. Morty picks up a garbage bag and tries to clean up the mess.
Summer says: "Next time I party, I'm just gonna focus on getting totally wrecked."
Summer says: "You're so wise."
Birdperson is at the entrance to the back yard. Morty walks up to him as Birdperson hands him a piece of trash.
Birdperson says: "May I assist you with that?"
Morty says: "Uh, sure, yeah."
Birdperson says: "Morty, do you know what "wubba lubba dub dub" means?"
Morty says: "Uh, that's just Rick's stupid nonsense catchphrase."
Birdperson says: "It's not nonsense at all."
Birdperson says: "In my people's tongue, it means, "I am in great pain."
Birdperson says: "Please help me."
Morty says: "Well, I got news for you."
Morty says: "He's saying it ironically."
Summer gets up from the couch and walks away.
Morty walks over to the giant hole that's blasted into the wall. Birdperson follows.
Birdperson says: "No, Morty."
Birdperson says: "Your grandfather is, indeed, in very deep pain."
Birdperson says: "That is why he must numb himself."
Morty says: "Come on, um..."
Birdperson says: "Birdperson."
Morty says: "Come on, birdperson."
Morty says: "Rick's not that complicated."
Morty says: "He's just a huge asshole."
Birdperson says: "Then why do you care so much if you are no longer allowed to continue on your adventures together?"
Birdperson says: "It appears fate has presented you with an opportunity to free yourself of Rick forever."
Morty says: "You know what?"
Morty says: "You're right."
Morty says: "I shouldn't even care."
Morty says: "This is probably the best thing that could have happened to me."
Morty walks into the kitchen and throws the garbage bag on the floor. Summer is seen cleaning up the table by removing empty cups.
Morty says: "I'm sick of having adventures with Rick."
Birdperson says: "My people have another saying-- "gubba nub nub doo rah kah"."
Birdperson says: "It means, "whatever lets you sleep at night"."
Summers phone sounds a notification. She checks it.
Summer says: "Guys, mom and dad are, like, right around the corner."
Birdperson says: "This is your moment, Morty."
Birdperson says: "Choose wisely."
Birdperson says: "Tammy!"
Tammy jumps onto his back, and he takes flight.
Birdperson says: "Caw!"
Morty looks out the window to see Beth and Jerry's car drive around the corner and towards the house. He looks back to Rick, who is still napping.
Summer says: "Wow."
Summer says: "We are so screwed."
Morty says: "Rick, wake up."
Rick says: "Huh?"
Rick says: "What?"
Rick says: "Wait?"
Rick says: "What?"
Rick says: "What?"
Rick says: "Stop."
Morty says: "Rick, you got to do something quick."
Morty says: "My parents are home."
Rick says: "Augh."
Rick says: "Uh, all -- all right."
Rick says: "Ahh!"
Rick says: "So good."
Morty looks out the window again.
Morty says: "Oh, my God."
Morty says: "They're walking up the driveway."
Rick says: "Bring me the thing."
Morty says: "What -- what thing?"
Rick says: "The thing."
Rick says: "The thing."
Rick says: "The -- the -- it's got, like, buttons on it and lights on it."
Rick says: "It -- it -- it beeps."
Morty says: "Rick!"
Morty says: "That describes everything in your garage!"
Summer says: "Do you mean this?"
Rick says: "Summer  for for the win."
Rick presses a button on the device, as orange rays of light flash.
Rick says: "All right, that should do it."
Morty says: "Whoa!"
Morty says: "What did you do?"
Rick says: "Uh, s-see for yourself."
Morty and Summer walk out of the house to discover that Rick has paused time. Beth and Jerry are stuck in place, and nothing is moving.
Summer says: "Whoa!"
Rick says: "Yeah, e-everything's frozen in time."
Rick says: "Yeah, and slow mobius thinks he's all that."
Morty says: "For how long?"
Summer waves her hand in Jerry's face to get his attention. He doesn't respond.
Rick says: "I don't know."
Rick says: "How long do you guys want?"
Rick says: "A week?"
Rick says: "A month?"
Summer says: "Can we start cleaning the house and see how we feel?"
The scene cuts to multiple scenes of a montage of Rick, Morty, and Summer doing stuff together and having fun.
They are seen cleaning up the living room. Morty vacuuming, Summer wiping down a coffee table, and Rick sweeping.
The scene cuts to the three painting the now repaired wall. As Rick turns around, he accidentally flicks some paint onto Summer. The three then start flicking paint at each other for fun.
The scene cuts to Rick, Morty and Summer carving pumpkins, and placing them onto Beth and Jerry's heads.
The scene cuts to the three running down a busy street, pulling the people's pants down, exposing them.
The scene cuts to the three running into Best Buy, and taking a new TV.
The scene cuts to Rick, Morty and Summer watching the Titanic on their new TV outside. The movie just ended.
Rick says: "Worst movie ever."
Summer says: "Dumb."
Morty says: "Ooh, boy, what a waste of time."
Everyone realises the joke, and laugh together.
Morty says: "Get it?"
Morty says: "You know, 'cause it's frozen."
Summer says: "This has been so much fun."
Morty says: "Hey, Rick."
Morty says: "You know, this whole time, I haven't once heard you say that "wubba lubba dub dub" thing that you usually say."
Rick says: "Don't need to."
Rick says: "I have a  new catchphrase."
Morty says: "Oh, yeah?"
Morty says: "What -- what's that, Rick?"
Rick says: "love my grandkids."
Morty says: "Aww."
Summer in unison says: "Aww."
Rick says: "Psych!"
Rick says: "Just kidding -- my new catchphrase is, "I don't give a fuck"."
Rick turns on a radio, as he sings the lyrics, and dances. Morty and Summer join in.
Rick says: "♪ Just shake that ass, bitch, and let me see whatcha got ♪ ♪ just shake that ass, bitch, and let me see whatcha got ♪ Roll credits!"
the song says: "♪ Just shake that ass, bitch, and let me see whatcha got ♪ ♪ just shake that ass, bitch, and let me see whatcha got ♪ Roll credits!"
Rick says: "♪ Just shake that a-- Roll the credits!"
the song says: "♪ Just shake that a-- Roll the credits!"
Rick says: "Go!"
the song says: "Go!"
Rick says: "♪ Just shake that ass That's the end of season one!"
the song says: "♪ Just shake that ass That's the end of season one!"
The screen zooms out.
Rick says: "That's the end, motherfucker!"
Rick says: ""I don't give a fuck" is my new catchphrase!"
Rick says: "Fuck you!"
Rick says: "That's season one!"
Rick says: "Boom!"
Rick says: "Season one up in your face, motherfucker!"
Rick says: "Yeah!"
CREDITS.
END CREDITS SCENE.
Abradolph Lincoler is seen still dead on the rock. But he opens his eyes.
Abradolph Lincoler says: "Revenge."
Abradolph Lincoler gets picked up by an alien.
Abradolph Lincoler says: "What?!"
Abradolph Lincoler says: "!"
The alien stuffs him into it's hole. Another alien comes up to him, and takes the shirtless guy out of it's hole.
Shirtless guy says: "Party!"
The other one pulls Abradolph Lincoler back out of it's hole, and they swap people with their holes. More aliens show up as they join in on it. Abradolph Lincoler and the shirtless guy are going back and forth into the aliens.
Shirtless guy says: "Whoo, baby!"
Abradolph Lincoler says: "Please, stop!"
Shirtless Guy says: "Hey, brah!"
Abradolph Lincoler says: "I don't understand."
Abradolph Lincoler says: "Are you enjoying this?"
Abradolph Lincoler says: "Do you like this?"
Shirtless Guy says: "Yeah, you know it, dawg!"
Shirtless Guy says: "Whoo, baby!"
END.