This article is a stub. You can help the Rick and Morty Wiki by  expanding it.
This article is a transcript of the Rick and Morty episode "Rick Potion #9" from season 1, which aired on January 27, 2014.
Open ext. Harry Herpson High School.
Trans. int. Harry Herpson High School hallway.
Morty is standing at his locker.
Principal Vagina says: "Principal Vagina here, don't let the name fool you, I'm very much in charge, reminding you that tonight is our annual flu season dance."
Principal Vagina says: "I don't know how many times I have to say this but if you have the flu, stay home, the flu season dance is about awareness, not celebration."
Principal Vagina says: "You don't bring dead babies to Passover."
Morty watches Jessica with her friends at a nearby locker.
Jessica's friend says: "Hey."
Morty says: "Ohhh."
Morty says: "Okay, here we go."
Morty says: "* walks over to Jessica and her friends*  H-Heyy Jessica, ughh."
Jessica says: "What's up Morty?"
Brad says: "*butts in* What are you doing?"
Brad says: "Wait, wait, Were you about to talk..."
Brad says: "to her?"
Morty says: "Well, I mean, I was thinking about it."
Brad says: "Dude, Stay in your league!"
Brad says: "Look at how hot she is!"
Brad says: "You don't see me going to a bigger school, in a wealthier district and hittin' on their prettiest girl!"
Jessica says: "Gee, thanks, Brad."
Jessica and Brad walk away.
Brad says: "I throw balls far."
Brad says: "You want good words, date a languager."
Morty stands at the locker alone and looks down in disappointment.
Trans. ext. The Smith's house.
Trans. int. The Smith's kitchen.
Jerry is making a sandwich and talking to Morty at the counter.
Jerry says: "Eh, Try not to worry about it, Morty."
Jerry says: "You're a good kid, and there's not a premium on that right now, but you'll be getting girls sometime after Brad's out of shape."
Morty says: "You're missing the point, Dad."
Morty says: "I don't want girls, I want Jessica!"
Jerry says: "Ahhh, well,  I remember feeling that way about a young lady named your mom, and that's not an urban dis, your mom was my Jessica."
Jerry says: "I remember the first time I saw her, I thought..."
Jerry says: "I beg your pardon, Rick, INAPPROPRIATE."
Rick says: "I'm not sure you want to take romantic advice from this guy, Morty, his marriage is hanging from a thread."
Jerry says: "My marriage is fine, thank you."
Rick walks towards Jerry.
Rick says: "Jerry, it's your house, whatever you say it is is how it is,  but I think a blind man could see that Beth is looking for the door."
Rick says: "I barely have a reason to care and even I noticed."
Morty says: "Come on, Rick, don't talk about my parents like that."
Rick walks around counter, to Morty.
Rick says: "Listen, Morty, I hate to break it to you, but what people call "love" is a chemical reaction that compels animals to breed."
Rick says: "It hits hard, Morty, then it slowly fades, leaving you stranded in a failing marriage."
Rick says: "I did it, your parents are gonna do it."
Rick says: "Break the cycle, Morty."
Rick says: "Rise above."
Rick says: "Focus on science."
Jerry walks next to Morty.
Jerry says: "Yeah, I'm just going to..."
Jerry says: "check on your mom."
Trans. ext. The Smith's house.
Trans. int. The Smith's garage.
Rick is working on a machine, on his desk, as Morty enters, in his suit.
Rick says: "Morty, hand me that screwdriver, huh?"
Rick says: "*Morty closes door* I'm almost finished making my ionic defibulizer, Morty."
Rick says: "It's gonna be great."
Morty says: "Hey, listen, Rick."
Morty says: "You know how you said that, you know..."
Morty says: "love is a chemical and all that stuff from earlier?"
Morty says: "Well, I was thinkn', you know, www..."
Morty says: "could you make some sort of chemical thing happen inside of Jessica's mind, you know, so where she falls in love with me and all that sort of thing, you know, like maybe make some sort of love potion or something?"
Rick says: "Morty, that's such a poor use of my time, it's beneath me."
Rick says: "Hand me the screwdriver."
Morty says: "I'm always helping you with this and that and the other thing."
Morty says: "Www..."
Morty says: "what about me, Rick?"
Morty says: "Www..."
Morty says: "why can't you just help me out once, once, for once?"
Rick says: "*sighs* You're growing up fast, Morty."
Rick says: "You're growing into a real big thorn straight up into my ass!"
Rick says: "Listen, this is called oxytocin."
Rick says: "I extracted it from a vole."
Rick says: "You know what a VOLE is, Morty, you know what a vole is?"
Morty shakes his head as Rick walks away from the shelf.
Rick says: "It's a, it's a rodent that mates for life, Morty."
Rick says: "This is the chemical release in the mammal's brain,..."
Rick says: "that makes it fall in love."
Rick says: "Alright Morty, I just gotta *burps* combine it with some of your DNA."
Morty says: "Oh well, okay..."
Rick says: "A hair, Morty, I need one of your hairs!"
Rick says: "This isn't Game Of Thrones."
Morty says: "Oww!"
Rick drops the hair in the machine and closes the hatch The machine vibrates and makes noises, then pours an orange liquid into a conical flask, much like a coffee machine.
Rick says: "Alright, Morty, whoever you smear this stuff on will fall in love with you, and only you, forever."
Rick says: "Ya happy now, Morty?"
Rick hands the potion to Morty, and walks away.
Morty says: "Heck yeah!"
Morty says: "Thank you, Grandpa Rick!"
Morty says: "Hey there's no dangers or anything or side effects, right?"
Rick says: "Www.."
Rick says: "what am I, a hack?!"
Rick says: "!"
Rick says: "Go nuts, Morty, it's full proof."
Morty leaves the garage as Rick works on the ionic defibulizer some more.
Rick says: "Ugh, unless she has the flu."
Trans Beth and Jerry's room.
Beth is typing on the computer, while Jerry is sadly sitting on their bed.
Jerry says: "Beth, do you still love me?"
Beth says: "*sighs* Want kinda question is that?"
Jerry says: "The "yes" or "no" kind."
Beth says: "Jerry, do you want homeless people to have homes?"
Jerry says: "Yess."
Beth says: "Are you gonna build them?"
Jerry says: "Noo."
Beth says: "Then what good was the "yes"?"
Jerry says: "Wait, iii..."
Jerry says: "is loving me the house or the homeless people?"
Beth says: "Loving you is work, Jerry, hard work, like building a homeless shelter."
Beth says: "Nobody want to say "no" to doing it, but some people put the work in."
Beth says: "So what do ya say?"
Beth says: "Do you see me working here?"
Beth says: "Does this conversation seem tedious to me?"
Jerry says: "Sort of."
Beth says: "But I obviously sort of love you, don't I?"
Beth says: "*alert on Beth's phone* So stop asking and maybe I'll love you more."
Beth says: "Crap, They need me at the horse hospital."
Beth gets up and grabs her jacket at the door.
Jerry says: "This late?"
Trans. ext. Herry Herpson High School, Gymnasium entrance.
Dressed up students walk inside in pairs, a large banner reads "FLU SEASON DANCE" over the doors.
Trans int. Flu Season Dance inside Gymnasium.
Morty happily walks passed many students eating and dancing, a band plays Flu Hatin' Rap in the background.
Band Vocalist / MC Haps says: "Flu."
Band Vocalist / MC Haps says: "Yo, you gotta be aware."
Band Vocalist / MC Haps says: "Aware about the flu, up in the air."
Band Vocalist / MC Haps says: "Imma get me a shot and make the flu go away."
Band Vocalist / MC Haps says: "Flu hatin' rappers just rappin' away."
Band Vocalist / MC Haps says: "Yo."
Band Vocalist / MC Haps says: "Yo."
Band Vocalist / MC Haps says: "Flu hatin' rapper."
Band Vocalist / MC Haps says: "It's a flu hatin' rap..."
Band Vocalist / MC Haps says: "."
Band Vocalist / MC Haps says: "This is about flu awareness."
Band Vocalist / MC Haps says: "Gotta be aware of the flu in the airness."
Band Vocalist / MC Haps says: "Yo, I'm a flu hatin' rapper."
Band Vocalist / MC Haps says: "My name is MC Haaaaaaaaaaps- Haps Yeah, I'm MC Haps, I'm a flu hatin' rapper, yo..."
Band Vocalist / MC Haps says: "..."
Morty sees Jessica and her friends, he takes out a vial of the potion and pours it onto his hand, he then approaches them.
Morty says: "Hey there, Jessica."
Morty says: "Whooa-whoopsie!"
Jessica turns around and becomes infected, falling in love with Morty.
Jessica says: "Omigod, Morty."
Jessica says: "You look REALLY nice tonight."
Morty says: "WOW, thanks!"
Jessica pulls Morty close to her breasts.
Jessica says: "I love you, Morty."
Jessica says: "I love you so much it burns!"
Morty says: "Oh man."
Morty says: "I love you too, Jessica!"
Jessica says: "I'M IN LOVE WITH HIM!"
Jessica says: "HE'S MORE MAN THEN YOU WILL EVER BE!"
Jessica sneezes infected bacteria into Brad's mouth You can more promptly hear the band's rap as the green spheres of bacteria spread throughout Brad's body, through his blood and nerves.
Brad says: "Aw man, Morty, ugh, I'm really sorry."
Morty says: "Oh, well, no problem Brad."
Morty says: "Whoa, take it easy!"
Jessica says: "GET YOUR HANDS OFF OF HIM!"
Brad says: "BACK OFF I'M TRYING TO BE WITH MY MAN!"
Brad and Jessica quarrel over Morty.
Principal Vagina says: "That's enough Bradley."
Principal Vagina says: "We don't want you injuring your ball-throwing arm."
Principal Vagina and Mr. Goldenfold drag Brad away.
Brad says: "Oh, Principal Vagina."
Jessica takes Morty away, grasping his head.
Jessica says: "Never leave me, Morty, NEVER."
Morty and Jessica hold each other Nearby students begin to watch.
Morty says: "Uh, sure."
Morty says: "I mean, of course not."
Morty says: "What do you think that was all about?"
Jessica says: "Who cares?"
Jessica says: "Just hold me."
Trans. Principal Vagina and Mr. Goldenfold dragging distraught Brad outside of the gym.
Brad sneezes infected bacteria into a nearby punch bowl, then again into a vent *suspenseful music*.
Trans. ext. Smith House.
Jerry says: "She's gonna be alone with that guy all night."
Trans. Smith Living Room.
Summer says: "Yeah, Dad, digging around the inside of horses."
Summer says: "It's not a very romantic setting."
Rick says: "Well, Summer, there's always the possibility that she made the whole work thing up."
Maybe davin's digging around in herinsides.
Summer says: "Grandpa, so gross!"
You're talking about my mom.
Rick says: "Well, she's my daughter, Summer."
I outrank you.
Or family means nothing, in which case don't play that card.
Jerry says: "She's not responding to my texts!"
Summer says: "Careful, dad."
Jealousy turns women off.
Jerry says: "Well, isn't that convenient?"
Rick says: "Not for the men they cheat on, no."
Jerry says: "Okay, I'm..."
Jerry says: "going to go out..."
Jerry says: "for some ice cream."
And maybe stop by the hospital... to support my wife... with my confidence.
Door closes.
Summer says: "God, grandpa, you're such a dick."
Rick says: "I'm sorry, Summer."
Your opinion means very little to me.
How come you're not at this stupid dance everyone loves so much?
Summer says: "Screw that."
I don't want to get sick.
It's flu season.
Rick says: "It is?"
Summer says: "Yeah."
Rick says: "Uh-oh."
Hip-hop music plays.
Morty says: "Please just let this work out."
Moans Do it, Morty. Do it.
Rip my clothes off and mate with me for life!
Growls.
Morty says: "Um..."
Morty says: "can we maybe go somewhere more private?"
Jessica, get a hold of yourself!
Grunts.
You don't deserve to carry Morty's genes.
Rapping.
Morty says: "Oh, crap."
Indistinct shouting.
Morty!
Rick says: "Morty, come on!"
We got to get you out of here.
You're not gonna believe this because it usually never happens, but I made a mistake.
Both panting come on, Morty.
We got to get out of here.
Come on.
Morty!
Morty says: "are you okay?"
Morty says: "I'm fine!"
Oh, good.
If anything ever happened to you, I would kill myself.
I love you bad, mo-mo!
All panting.
Morty, the principal and I have discussed it, a-a-and we're both insecure enough to agree to a three-way!
Rick says: "I didn't realize when I gave you that serum that Jessica had the flu you know, t-t-t-t-t-t-t-that might have been valuable information for me, Morty."
Morty says: "What the hell is going on, Rick?"
Rick says: "What does it look like?"
T-t-t-the serum is piggybacking on the virus.
It's gone airborne, Morty.
Morty says: "Oh, crap."
What are we gonna do, Rick?
Rick says: "It's gonna be fine, Morty, relax."
I whipped up and antidote.
It's based on praying-mantis dna.
You know, praying mantises are the exact opposite of voles, Morty.
I mean, they they mate once, and then they, you know, decapitate the partner.
I mean, it's a whole ritual.
It's really gruesome and totally opposite.
There's no love at all.
I-i-i basically mixed this with a more contagious flu virus.
It should neutralize the whole thing, Morty.
It'll all be over very shortly.
Indistinct shouting.
Uh, by the way, Morty, I know you didn't ask or anything, but I'm not interested in having s*x with you.
These serums, they don't work on anybody related to you genetically.
Morty!
All groaning.
Rick says: "Okay, well, sometimes, science is more art than science, Morty."
A lot of people don't get that.
Come on. Are you kidding me?
Hello!
Morty!
You're not Morty!
Bring us Morty!
Gun cocks.
Jerry says: "Nobody's killing me until after I catch my wife with another man."
I had s*x with billy.
But you were already pregnant!
Yeah, so what's the worst that could happen?
We interrupt "pregnant baby" with breaking news.
Summer says: "Come on."
This just in Morty smith's whereabouts are still unknown.
Summer says: "What the hell?"
The only thing that is known is... how cute he is.
I love him so much, I want to make love to him and then eat his head.
I love him more than you do, harold!
You wish, you stupid bitch!
Morty's mine!
Morty's mine!
Meant to be together!
Speaking arabic.
Morty!
Speaking arabic.
Where is Morty?
Morty says: "Oh, my god, Rick."
The whole world is infected!
Rick says: "Yeah, it's pretty wild how fast that spread."
I've really outdone myself.
Morty says: "Outdone yourself?!"
Morty says: "!"
W-w a-are are you kidding me, Rick?
This is not okay!
Not only do they all want to have s*x with me, but, you know, now they want to eat me afterwards!
Rick says: "Yeah, I don't know what I was thinking."
Mantises are they opposite of voles?
I mean, obviously, dna's a little more complicated than that.
You know what, though, Morty?
This right here's gonna do the tRick, baby.
It's koala mixed with rattlesnake, chimpanzee, cactus, shark, golden retriever, and just a smidge of dinosaur.
Should add up to normal humanity.
Morty says: "I don't that doesn't make any sense, Rick."
How does that add up to normal humanity?
Morty says: "What, Morty, you want me to show you my math?"
I'm sorry a-are you the scientist or are you the kid that wanted to get laid?
Exhales deeply Well, I'm glad we saved all those horses, but I'm almost sorry we're finished.
Beth says: "Yes, it's satisfying work."
Unh-unh-unh, it's, uh it's more than the work.
I love being in that sterilized room, sealed off from the world.
It's the only time I can really think... and feel.
Slow music plays.
Beth says: "Hmm, uh, what are you doing?"
I'm playing african dream pop.
What do youdo after a long night?
Click.
Beth says: "Oh, ha, um, hey, I b I'd better get going."
Um, Jerry's been texting some pretty high-maintenance stuff.
Beth...
Beth says: "What is it, davin?"
Just once, I'd like to know sneezes.
Beth says: "What?!"
Beth says: "!"
What does Morty's skin smell like?
How soft... grunts How soft are his privates?
Beth says: "Let go of me, davin!"
Glass shatters.
Jerry says: "You're not Morty."
Jerry says: "No."
I'm mr. Crowbar, and this is my friend, who is also a crowbar.
That's... stupid.
Jerry says: "Yeah?"
Jerry says: "Well, look where being smart got you."
Beth says: "Jerry!"
Beth says: "Thank god!"
Jerry says: "God?"
God's turning people into insect monsters, Beth.
I'm the one beating them to death.
Thank me.
Beth says: "Thank you, Jerry."
Thank you.
Rick says: "Take a good look down there, Morty, and soak it in, because, you know, once I pull this lever, it's all back to normal."
Morty says: "Just do it already."
Rick says: "Well, technically, Morty, there's no rush."
I mean, you know, o-once it's fixed, it's done.
It's fixed.
You know, we could we could just enjoy it for a little bit.
I mean, l-l-l-look at how crazy it is.
I mean, Morty, w-w-when's the next time you're gonna see something like this?
I mean, soak it in, you know?
It's it's pretty neat.
It's pretty interesting.
Morty says: "That's it, Rick!"
I'm pulling the lever.
Grunts.
Rick says: "W-what do we have here, Morty?"
Looks like I was right and you were wrong, huh?
I-i-i-i-i-i-i bet you feel pretty stupid right about now, huh?
I-i-i bet you feel like the world's smallest man that you were doubting me about this whole thing, Morty.
Morty says: "Oh, Rick, something's not right."
Rick says: "Yeah, you."
You're not right ever.
Morty says: "No, no!"
Look, you idiot!
All screaming.
Rick says: "Bet you're loving this, Morty."
This must be the best day of your life.
You get to be the mayor of I told you town.
Slurps.
You're welcome.
Slurps.
Jerry says: "Hold on."
Jerry says: "I wish that shotgun was my pen1s."
Beth says: "If it were, you could call me ernest hemingway."
Jerry says: "I don't get it, and I don't need to."
Both moaning.
Summer says: "Mom!"
Summer says: "Dad!"
Both says: "Summer!"
Jerry says: "Where's Morty?"
Summer says: "I don't know."
Do you think grandpa Rick had something to do with this?
Jerry says: "It's not fair to assume that, Summer."
Beth says: "Oh, not fair?"
Give me a break.
He is a selfish, irresponsible ass, and he left my mother.
A real man stands by his woman.
Both moaning.
Summer says: "Tchoo."
Tchoo-tchoo-tchoo. Tchoo-tchoo.
Rick says: "Boy, Morty, I really cronenberged the world up, didn't i?"
We got a whole planet of cronenbergs walking around down there, Morty.
A-at least they're not in love with you anymore, though.
That's a huge step in the right direction.
Morty says: "Oh, my god!"
It's a living nightmare!
How could you be so irresponsible, Rick?
Rick says: "Me irresponsible?!"
Rick says: "!"
You all I wanted you to do was hand me a screwdriver, Morty!
You're the one who wanted to be wanted me to buckle down and make you up a... roofie-juice serum so you could roofie that poor girl at your school.
I mean, g w-w-w-w-w w are you kidding me, Morty?
You're gonna try to take the high road on this one?
Y-y-y-y-you're a little creep, Morty.
Y-you're a you're you're you're just a little creepy... creep person.
Morty says: "All right, fine."
I should have just listened to you when you refused to make the serum.
I'm willing to accept my part of the blame for this, Rick.
But I'll tell you something you know what?
You got to accept your part of the blame!
I'm not the one who fouled up the serum!
I'm not the one who who who who haphazardly, you know, mixed a bunch of nonsense together and created a bunch of cronenbergs!
You got to fix this, Rick!
Morty says: "All right, all right, Morty."
You know, w-w-w-we are in a pretty deep hole, here, but I do have one emergency solution that I can use that'll kind of put everything back to normal, relatively speaking.
Here, Morty, put this on while I do a little bit of scouting.
Birds chirping.
Morty says: "Wow, Rick, I got to say you really pulled a rabbit out of your hat this time."
I mean, i-i really thought that the whole place was gonna be messed up for good, but here, you did it y-y-you you you figured out that crazy solution, like you always do.
Whoo!
That's some great luck.
Rick says: "Come on, Morty."
Luck had nothing to do with it.
I'm great.
That's the real reason.
Now, Morty, what do you say, buddy?
Will you hand me a screwdriver so I can finish my ionic dis defibulizer?
Morty says: "Sure thing, Rick."
Here's a screwdriver.
Rick says: "All right, Morty."
Thank you very much.
We got one screw turn... and two screw turns... and... all right, Morty, here we are.
Morty says: "Oh, my god, Rick!"
Is that us?!
W-w-w-we're dead!
What is going on, Rick?
I'm freaking out!
Rick says: "Calm down, Morty!"
Look at me! Calm down, Morty!
Morty says: "No, I can't deal with this!"
Rick says: "Calm yourself, Morty."
Morty says: "I can't deal with this, Rick!"
Rick says: "Calm down, Morty."
Morty says: "This can't be real!"
Rick says: "You got to calm down, Morty."
Morty says: "W-w-w-w-we're ripped apart!"
Rick says: "Shut up and listen to me!"
It's fine. Everything is fine.
There's an infinite number of realities, Morty, and in a few dozen of those, I got lucky and turned everything back to normal.
I just had to find one of those realities in which we also happen to both die around this time.
Now we can just slip into the place of our dead selves in this reality and everything will be fine.
We're not skipping a beat, Morty.
Now, help me with these bodies.
Morty says: "This is insane."
Rick says: "Look, Morty, I'll grab myself, you grab yourself, okay?"
I mean, t-t-t-that seems fair to me I mean, that seems like a fair way to divvy it up.
Morty says: "Rick, what about the reality we left behind?"
Rick says: "What about the reality where hitler cured cancer, Morty?"
The answer is don't think about it.
It's not like we can do this every week, anyways.
We get three or four more of these, tops.
Now, pick up your dead self and come on.
Haste makes waste.
I-i-i don't suppose you've considered this detail, but obviously, if I hadn't screwed up as much as I did, we'd be these guys right now, so, again, you're welcome.
Summer says: "You know, the thing about a shark..."
Summer says: "he's got lifeless eyes..."
Summer says: "black eyes, like a doll's eyes."
When he comes at ya, he doesn't seem to be living until he bites ya, and then the the blood, and the red, and the water...
Jerry says: "You ever wonder what happened to Rick and Morty?"
Beth says: "Sometimes."
But, I'm ashamed to admit, now that they're gone, I'm finally happy.
Rick says: "Here we are, cronenberg Morty a reality where everyone in the world got genetically cronenberged."
We'll fit right in, cronenberg Morty.
It'll be like we never even left cronenberg world.
Morty says: "Yeah, cronenberg Rick, but, you know, I'm gonna miss cronenberg world, because everyone was cronenberged all along like us from the beginning, you know?"
I mean, i-i wish we hadn't genetically ruined cronenberg world beyond repair like we did, you know, and turned everyone into regular, normal people just walking around.
Rick says: "Don't you worry about that sort of thing, cronenberg Morty."
Let's go make ourselves at home, huh?