Transcript.
Open Ext. Smith Residence.
Trans. Int. Rick’s Garage.
Rick prepares a harpoon gun and Morty is dressed in full scuba gear.
Rick says: "Alright, Morty."
Rick says: "You ready for our adventure to the lost city of Atlantis?"
Morty says: "*gives a thumbs-up* Ready as I’ll ever be, Rick!"
A portal opens behind them. Rick and Morty K-22 enter.
Rick says: "Oh, for fuck’s sake."
Rick K-22 says: "*holding clipboard* Hello, I’m Rick K-22."
Rick K-22 says: "This is my Morty."
Rick K-22 says: "We’re going from reality to reality, asking Ricks to contribute to the Citadel of Ricks redevelopment fund."
Rick says: "What are you, stupid?"
Rick says: "We’re done with the Citadel of Ricks."
Rick says: "I was *burp* never on board with it in the first place, that’s why I murdered everyone in charge and left it to rot."
Rick K-22 says: "*examines clipboard* Ohhh."
Rick K-22 says: "That was you."
Morty says: "They tried to murder him first."
Morty K-22 says: "Oh geez."
Morty K-22 says: "Well, you’ll be happy to know that..."
Morty K-22 says: "the Council’s gone now."
Morty says: "Yeah, he knows."
Morty says: "He murdered them."
Rick K-22 says: "You wanna rein in your Morty?"
Rick says: "*glaring* Every day."
Rick K-22 says: "*interrupts* Morty, he’s not gonna *belch* donate."
Rick K-22 says: "You’re pitching the policeman’s ball to a black teenager here."
Rick K-22 says: "*pulls out his portal gun and shoots a new portal* Let’s go."
Morty K-22 waves and walks through the portal.
Rick says: "You don’t have to be a dick."
Rick K-22 says: "I think you know that’s not true."
Rick K-22 also exits through the portal, which disappears.
Morty says: "Geez."
Morty says: "I didn’t know there were still Ricks and Mortys living on the Citadel."
Morty says: "I wonder what their day-to-day lives are like."
Rick says: "*straps harpoon gun to his back* Well, you can keep wondering that while we go on our fun, fresh, self-contained adventure to Atlantis."
Rick says: "*shoots a portal* Anyone continuing to explore the Citadel is either stupid, or one of the unfortunate millions held hostage by their terrible ideas."
Rick exits through the portal.
Morty says: "Man."
Morty says: "Glad I’m not one of them!"
Morty fixes his scuba gear and runs through the portal after Rick.
Trans. Ext. Citadel of Ricks.
Trans. Int. Citadel.
We’re shown a montage. The Citadel, still undergoing construction after the damages from the events of “The Rickshank Rickdemption”, is full of damaged buildings and roadways. Cars, both flying and standard, are traveling.
A large crowd of Ricks with Mortys interspersed throughout walks down a street.
Ricks work in a construction crew, rebuilding damaged structures.
Campaign Manager Morty pays for coffee and exits Cafe Sanchez. He tries to hail a cab, which passes him up and picks up a Rick in a business suit.
Int. Shooting range.
At the police academy, trainee Ricks practice shooting. Cop Rick shoots synthetic Gromflomites. He and his instructor salute one another upon his success.
Int. Morty Academy.
A line of Mortys grab their books and close their lockers, all of which feature pictures of Jessica while Teacher Rick looks on.
Int. Train.
Many Ricks are commuting to work. They all pull out flasks and take a drink at the same time. Rick J-22 looks out the window and sees a wealthy Rick in a flying car, enjoying sardines and champaign. He sighs.
Music fades out.
Trans. Citadel Morning News.
Rick says: "Citadel Morning News: News about the Citadel in the morning."
Rick says: "Pretty self explanatory."
Int. News room.
Rick 0716 and Rick 0716-B anchor at the desk.
Rick D716-B says: "Good morning."
Rick D716-B says: "I’m Rick D716-B."
Rick D716 says: "And I’m Rick D716."
Rick D716-B says: "Must be nice."
Rick D716 says: "Coming up!"
Rick D716 says: "Gravity outages in East Sanchez Heights!"
Rick D716-B says: "And, is your uranium-powered cellular matrix making you sick?"
Rick D716-B says: "The answer may not surprise you."
Rick D716-B says: "It’s ‘yes, it’s uranium."
Rick D716 says: "Those stories and more after this break."
Commercial for Simple Rick’s.
A young Rick works in his garage as pleasant music plays.
Narrator says: "Sixteen iterations off the central finite curve, there’s a Rick that works more with wood than polarity plating."
Simple Rick finishes a present for his Beth and wraps it.
Narrator says: "His name is Simple Rick, but he’s no dummy."
View from a handheld video camera. Simple Rick films Beth blowing out candles on her birthday cake.
Narrator says: "He realized long ago that the greatest thing he’d ever create was his daughter."
Young Beth says: "I love Daddy!"
Simple Rick smiles and cries happily.
Narrator says: "We captured that moment and run it on a loop through Simple Rick’s mind."
Simple Rick, aged up, sits in his seat at the wafer factory, the above scene playing on a helmet in a loop. He’s attached to machinery that collects happy secretions from his brain.
Narrator says: "And the chemical that makes his brain secrete goes into every Simple Rick’s Simple Wafer Cookie."
Narrator says: "Come home to the impossible flavor of your own completion."
Narrator says: "Come home to Simple Rick’s."
Trans. News room.
The broadcast resumes.
Rick D716 says: "Just one day remains before our newly democratic Citadel elects its first president."
Rick D716 says: "It’s anyone’s race among the Rick candidates."
Rick candidates are displayed on screen. They include Retired General Rick, Private Sector Rick, Juggling Rick, Rick Guilt Rick, and Reverse Rick Outrage.
Rick D716-B says: "But a certain other candidate should be getting at least one vote for most adorable."
Candidate Morty visits hospitalized Mortys for photo ops.
Rick D716 says: "That’s right, the Morty Party candidate’s still in the race, and you just gotta love him for that."
Candidate Morty stands outside a van, waving to press.
Rick D716 says: "Here you see him in his little Morty suit, waving."
Rick D716 says: "Isn’t that adorable?"
Rick D716 says: "Little jackass."
Candidate Morty gives a speech to a crowd of Mortys in front of a commemorative Morty statue.
Rick D716-B says: "Uh, yeah, I think we actually have the audio for his speech here."
Rick D716-B says: "“Aw geez, aw man, I’m gonna lose the election and stuff."
Cuts back to the newsroom. Both Ricks are laughing.
Int. Morty campaign headquarters.
The Morty campaign is watching the news report. Campaign Manager Morty turns off the TV.
Campaign Manager Morty says: "We had a good run, sir, but I think it’s time to pull out of the race."
Candidate Morty says: "I feel pretty confident about tonight’s debate."
Campaign Manager Morty says: "You shouldn’t, sir."
Campaign Manager Morty says: "You should be terrified."
Candidate Morty says: "Maybe you should find a little faith, young man."
Candidate Morty walks away and Campaign Manager Morty calls after him.
Campaign Manager Morty says: "You don’t pay me to have faith!"
Campaign Manager Morty says: "And we’re the same age!"
Trans. Morty Pride Parade.
A parade of Mortys marches down the street. Many Mortys hold signs. There are a few Ricks among the spectators. Cop Rick watches from outside Cafe Sanchez, drinking a coffee. A police cruiser pulls up, nearly hitting two Mortys who run out of the way just in time. It stops in front of Cop Rick and the passenger window rolls down, revealing Cop Morty behind the wheel.
Cop Rick says: "Oh!"
Cop Morty says: "A Rick partner?"
Cop Morty says: "Lesson one, rookie: expect the unexpected."
Cop Morty says: "Now get in."
Cop Rick climbs into the passenger seat. Cop Morty starts the cruiser and drives slowly as they approach a cluster of Mortys. One Morty jumps against the hood of the car.
Morty says: "Mortys are human!"
Cop Morty says: "Get the fuck off the car, you Rickless fuckin’ animal!"
Morty says: "WHOA!!"
Cop Morty says: "The election’s got these yellow shirts more riled up than a Picture Day Jessica."
Cop Rick says: "That’s pretty harsh, sir."
Cop Morty says: "So report me."
Cop Morty says: "Nobody gives a fuck."
Cop Rick says: "Look, I’m just saying."
Cop Rick says: "Makes me a little sad to hear a Morty cop calling Mortys “animals”."
Cop Morty says: "Well, it makes me sad to see another Rick cop buying into his sensitivity training."
Cop Rick says: "Well, I’m glad to know there’s more like me."
Cop Morty says: "Oh, there was one."
Cop Morty says: "Why do you think that seat was empty?"
A holographic Rick appears on the dashboard.
Dispatch says: "Robbery at Fifth and *BURP* Avenue."
Dispatch vanishes.
Cop Rick says: "Fifth and *BURP*?"
Cop Rick says: "That’s Mortytown."
Cop Morty says: "Unit 7 responding."
They drive away. As they do, Cop Morty tasers an innocent bystander Morty with the cruiser.
Trans. Ext. Morty Academy.
Teacher Rick says: ""Good idea, Rick."
Students says: "Good idea, Rick."
Int. Classroom.
Teacher Rick teaches his students of different Mortys to repeat his words correctly.
Teacher Rick says: ""This is a great adventure."
Students says: "This is a great adventure."
Teacher Rick says: ""I love being your new Morty."
Students says: "I love being your new Mor..."
Slick says: "Farty!"
Slick and the other students laugh. Teacher Rick approaches his desk.
Teacher Rick says: "Very amusing, Mr."
Teacher Rick says: "Smith."
Teacher Rick says: "Almost as amusing as when your first Rick was decapitated on Zorpathion 9."
Teacher Rick says: "Or was that your third Rick?"
Teacher Rick says: "How many Ricks have you had?"
Teacher Rick says: "I see."
Teacher Rick says: "So you are top of the class in something."
Teacher Rick says: "Tomorrow you will be transferred to your new Ricks."
Teacher Rick says: "Hopefully, they will be your last."
Teacher Rick says: "Yes, Slow Ri-- Tall Morty?"
Tall Morty says: "Di-Did I gragitate this time yet?"
Teacher Rick says: "Anything’s possible, Tall Morty."
The other Mortys laugh again. The bell rings, and everyone but Slick, Lizard Morty, Fat Morty, and Glasses Morty leaves the classroom.
Lizard Morty says: "Guess we won’t be seein’ each other after this, huh?"
Slick says: "I say we make our last day count."
Slick says: "I say… we go to the Wishing Portal."
Glasses Morty says: "That’s a myth."
Fat Morty says: "It’s not a myth!"
Fat Morty says: "M-m-my first Rick’s fourth Morty knew a Rick whose Morty went there."
Lizard Morty says: "If we’re not here for graduation, our butts are gonna end up in Mortytown."
Slick says: "I thought your last Rick fused you with a lizard, not a chicken."
Lizard Morty says: "Okay, fine."
Lizard Morty says: "I’m in."
Glasses Morty says: "Me too."
Slick, Glasses, and Fat Morty put their hands together. Lizard Morty sticks his tongue on top.
Fat Morty says: "What the hell?"
Lizard Morty says: "*retracts tongue* I-I thought I saw a fly."
Trans. Simple Rick’s Wafer Cookie Factory.
Various Factory Drone Ricks stand in position on an assembly line, processing the wafer cookies. Rick J-22’s job is to stamp each wafer with the Simple Rick’s logo. Suddenly an alarm blares, and the workers all look up to where Supervisor Rick is standing.
Supervisor Rick says: "*whistles* Listen up, fucknuts!"
Supervisor Rick says: "I’ve been your supervisor for five years but all shitty things must come to an end, and I have been promoted to regional manager."
Supervisor Rick says: "affectionately known as “Cool Rick."
Cool Rick walks up and flips the workers off.
Cool Rick says: "I know I’m new to the Citadel and some of you might not think I’ve put in my time, but what can I say?"
Cool Rick says: "I’m Cool Rick!"
Cool Rick says: "*finger guns* Yo, ha-ha-ha, check me out!"
Supervisor Rick says: "Alright, knuckle-*burp*-heads, any questions?"
Supervisor Rick says: "Alright then, back to work, you gold-Rickers."
Supervisor Rick and Cool Rick walk away. The assembly line restarts.
Trans. Mortytown.
The cop cruiser goes down the streets of Mortytown, where out-and-down Mortys view it with suspicion.
Cop Morty says: "No Ricks, no families, high off their asses and runnin’ amok."
Cop Morty says: "Mortys are raised to be sidekicks."
Cop Morty says: "Without a side to kick, they just start kickin’."
Ext. Morty Mart.
Morty Mart Morty speaks to Cop Rick and Cop Morty about the robbery. Cop Rick takes down notes. Behind Morty Mart Morty is a purple Morty with an elephant-like trunk mopping the floor.
Morty Mart Morty says: "They were, they were about my height, around fourteen years old… OH!"
Morty Mart Morty says: "Their shirts were yellow!"
Cop Morty says: "*sarcastically* Yeah, make sure you get that down."
Cop Rick says: "Any mutations?"
Cop Rick says: "Augmentations?"
Cop Rick says: "Three eyes, a tail, maybe a buzzcut?"
Morty Mart Morty says: "No, just four normal Mortys."
Purple Trunk Morty says: "*feels annoyed* "Normal"?"
Morty Mart Morty says: "*talks back to Purple Morty* Put it in your blog."
Cop Morty says: "*looking at two Mortys in a nearby alley* Lemme turn over a few rocks."
Cop Morty approaches the two street Mortys as they spraypaint the alley wall.
Cop Morty says: "Aw geez, hey, what’s goin’ on, fellas?"
Morty 1 says: "Aw geez, man, nothin’ man, we’re just hangin’ out and stuff."
Cop Morty says: "I hear that, ah geez, I guess I’m supposed to be figuring out who robbed the store across the street but aw geez I dunno."
Morty 2 says: "*smirking* Ah geez man, that sucks that your Rick’s makin’ you do that."
Cop Morty says: "*angered* He’s not my Rick."
Cop Morty says: "He’s my partner."
Cop Morty says: "Aw, geez."
Morty 1 says: "Well, maybe the uniform makes a big difference."
Morty 1 says: "Who am I to say?"
Morty 1 says: "To me, you just look like a sidekick."
Cop Morty snaps in a fit of rage and pins Morty 1 to the wall, shoving a large gun in his mouth.
Cop Morty says: "CALL ME A SIDEKICK ONE MORE TIME!"
Cop Morty says: "CALL ME A SIDEKICK!!"
Morty 2 says: "Hey man!"
Morty 2 says: "C’mon, aw geez!"
Cop Rick looks on, seemingly uncertain what to do.
Cop Morty says: "WANNA SEE HOW I PAINT A WALL?!"
Cop Morty says: "!"
Morty 2 says: "It was the Mortytown Locos, man!"
Morty 2 says: "The Mortytown Locos!"
Cop Morty releases Morty 1. Both street Mortys flee. Cop Morty walks back to the cruiser.
Cop Rick says: "Do you realize how many codes you just violated?"
Cop Morty says: "Aw geez, Rick."
Cop Morty says: "What do I know about knowin’ stuff?"
Cop Morty says: "Get in the fucking car."
Trans. Presidential Debate.
The five Rick candidates and Candidate Morty stand at podiums.
Retired General Rick says: "More lasers."
Moderator Rick says: "You can take more time to answer the question if you’d like."
Retired General Rick remains silent for a long beat. Moderator Rick crosses his list and moves on.
Moderator Rick says: "..."
Moderator Rick says: "Okay, Juggling Rick."
Moderator Rick says: "How would you solve the Citadel’s financial crisis?"
Juggling Rick says: "First off, can I just say that I think this Citadel is the greatest in the entire multiverse."
Juggling Rick says: "Now, I believe the answer to your question has three parts."
Juggling Rick says: "First, education spending must get muuuch higher!"
Int. Behind the scenes.
Behind the scenes, Campaign Manager Morty watches the debate on a screen.
Juggling Rick says: "But it has to be balanced with defense!"
Juggling Rick says: "*starts juggling all three balls* Whoa!"
Campaign Manager Morty says: "Can we fact-check this, please?"
Campaign Manager Morty says: "Never mind, who am I kidding?"
Campaign Manager Morty says: "This race is over."
Juggling Rick says: "*now juggling three balls and a chainsaw, he catches them all gracefully* And that’s how you run a Citadel."
Ricks and Mortys in the audience cheer.
Moderator Rick says: "Candidate Morty."
Moderator Rick says: "The number of displaced Mortys is soaring, while Rick satisfaction levels are plummeting, and the divide between the two groups has never been wider."
Moderator Rick says: "*smirks* Solve that one real quick."
The audience laughs, but Candidate Morty looks calm.
Candidate Morty says: "I don’t see a divide between Ricks and Mortys."
Retired General Rick says: "Oh, shocker."
Reverse Rick Outrage says: "I’d like to offer a rebuttal."
Rick Guilt Rick says: "Gentlemen, gentlemen!"
Rick Guilt Rick says: "I think we can all agree on one thing."
Rick Guilt Rick says: "*farts twice* Well, came out as two things, but you get the idea."
All laugh but Candidate Morty.
Candidate Morty says: "You guys finished?"
Candidate Morty says: "The division I see is between the Ricks and Mortys that like the Citadel divided, and the rest of us."
Candidate Morty says: "I see it everywhere I go."
Candidate Morty’s voice can be heard as other scenes are shown.
Candidate Morty says: "I see it in our schools, where they teach Mortys we’re all the same because they’re threatened by what makes us unique."
Slick, Glasses, Lizard, and Fat Morty sneak out of the school through a window.
Candidate Morty says: "I see it in our streets, where they give guns to Mortys so we’re too busy fighting each other to fight real injustice."
Cop Rick and Cop Morty drive up to see one of the Mortytown Locos walking into an alleyway. Cop Morty slides the top of his laser gun.
Candidate Morty says: "I see it in our factories, where Ricks work for a fraction of their boss’s salary, even though they’re identical and have the same IQ."
Candidate Morty says: "The Citadel’s problem isn’t homeless Mortys or outraged Ricks."
Rick J-22 works at his post in the wafer factory, but becomes enraged, breaks off a piece of machinery to use as a weapon, and enters Supervisor Rick’s office, where he’s watching the debate. He shoots Supervisor Rick to death. Rick J-22 then sees numerous Ricks witness his actions through the office window.
Candidate Morty says: "The Citadel’s problem is the Ricks and Mortys feeding on the Citadel’s debt."
Rick J-22 says: "Holy shit."
Rick Worker says: "He's headed for the Flavor Core!"
Rick J-22 puts the chamber on lockdown and activates a red force field-like barrier around the chamber. He then encounters Simple Rick in front of him, slumping down on the floor.
Candidate Morty says: "But I’ve got a message for them, from the Ricks and Mortys keeping it alive."
Candidate Morty says: "A message… from the Ricks and Mortys that believe in this Citadel to the Ricks and Mortys that don’t: you are outnumbered!"
Debate audience bursts into applause.
Int. Backstage.
Campaign Manager Morty says: "Holy shit."
Campaign Manager Morty says: "I don’t believe it!"
Campaign Manager Morty says: "I-I can’t believe it!"
Candidate Morty says: "I know."
Candidate Morty says: "*puts a hand on his shoulder* That’s why you’re fired."
Campaign Manager Morty looks downcast. He’s approached by Juggling Rick.
Juggling Rick says: "Sounds like you’re looking for work."
Juggling Rick says: "I can offer you a very enticing compensation package."
Juggling Rick says: "*sets down bag and unzips it, pulling out three juggling clubs* First, let’s talk benefits."
Trans. Int. Flavor core.
Rick J-22 paces in the chamber he shares with Simple Rick while a Rick SWAT team stands outside.
Simple Rick says: "*mumbling to self* Daddy loves you… That’s Daddy’s good girl."
Rick J-22 says: "*to Simple Rick* Your life is a lie, man."
Rick J-22 says: "*to police* All your lives are lies!"
Rick J-22 says: "Don’t you get it?!"
Rick J-22 says: "!"
Rick J-22 says: "They told us we were special because we were Ricks, but they stripped us of anything that made us unique!"
Negotiator Rick says: "*through megaphone* We know how you feel."
Negotiator Rick says: "We’re working stiff Ricks just like you, but our assembly line is justice."
Negotiator Rick says: "What are your demands?"
Rick J-22 says: "*burp* I-I-I want a portal gun."
Rick J-22 says: "Unregistered, untraceable, with enough fluid to take me off this goddamn prison!"
SWAT Team Rick says: "The media’s outside."
Negotiator Rick says: "Well, keep ‘em there!"
Trans. Ext. Simple Rick’s Wafer Cookie factory.
CN correspondent Rick D716-C reports on the scene.
Rick D716-C says: "Anyway, so yeah, the suspect says the Citadel is a lie, built on lies, and some other shit."
Rick D716-C says: "I say, appreciate the life you have, because it can always be worse."
Rick D716-C says: "Back to you, Ricks."
Rick D716 says: "Thank you, Rick 716-C."
Rick D716 says: "*mumbling to D716-B* That fuckin’ guy."
Rick D716-B says: "Tell me about it."
Trans. Newsroom.
Rick D716 says: "Ahem."
Rick D716 says: "Meanwhile, in election news, an unexpected turn of events as Morty from the Morty Party soars to the top of the polls."
Trans. Press conference.
Candidate Morty approaches a podium while reporter Ricks call out to him.
Candidate Morty says: "Yes?"
Reporter Rick says: "Morty!"
Reporter Rick says: "What’s your original reality and where’s your Rick?"
Candidate Morty says: "Gosh."
Candidate Morty says: "We moved around so much it’s hard to remember."
Candidate Morty says: "I see every Rick as my Rick."
Trans. Barroom.
The press conference is on the bar TV. Campaign Manager Morty watches.
Candidate Morty says: "I hope they see me as their Morty."
Campaign Manager Morty says: "*holding glass* Another, please, with less water."
Bartender Morty says: "*fixing a new drink* Hey, cheer up, pal!"
Bartender Morty says: "A Morty’s gonna be president."
Bartender Morty says: "*gestures to TV* Imagine this kisser gettin’ blamed for everything!"
Bartender Morty walks away. Campaign Manager Morty takes a drink.
Campaign Manager Morty says: "I guess I shoulda had more faith."
Investigator Rick is sitting a few seats down the bar.
Investigator Rick says: "It’s not faith you need."
Investigator Rick says: "It’s fear."
Investigator Rick takes out a dossier from inside his trenchcoat and slides it over to Morty, who takes it uncertainly.
Campaign Manager Morty says: "What’s this?"
Investigator Rick says: "*drains his glass* It’s secrets."
Investigator Rick says: "Wh-wh-what do you think it is?"
Investigator Rick says: "*Gets up and walks away* Look at how I’m dressed."
Rick Reporter says: "Taking on the system like this, are you afraid at all for your safety?"
Campaign Manager Morty pulls out the documents in the dossier and looks them over.
Candidate Morty says: "I’d rather live in hope than fear."
Candidate Morty says: "If I had to fear anything, I’d fear other people being afraid."
Candidate Morty says: "Of fear."
Candidate Morty says: "Itself."
Trans. Int. Mortytown Locos hideout.
The Mortytown Locos sit around a TV watching the press conference while their Rick prepares bootleg portal fluid in a setup similar to a meth lab.
Candidate Morty says: "But no, I’m not afraid."
Mortytown Loco says: "Hey Rick, man, when there’s a Morty president, you gonna lick my balls or what?"
Other Mortys laugh.
Bootleg Rick says: "Shit, grandson, you keep me peelin’ squap-squams and slippin’ nib-nibs I’ll lick whatever ain’t nailed down."
Mortytown locos laugh and high-five. Suddenly the front door is kicked in. Cop Morty and Cop Rick enter with guns drawn.
Cop Rick says: "Hands in the air!"
All the Mortys stand and raise their hands.
Mortytown Loco says: "What the hell, man?"
Mortytown Loco says: "What the hell in hell?"
Cops enter the building, guns still drawn.
Cop Morty says: "You guys doin’ a little chemistry homework with Grandpa?"
Cop Rick says: "Is this what I think it is?"
Cop Morty says: "Bootleg portal fluid."
Bootleg Rick grabs his portal gun and tries to escape, but upon making contact with the faulty portal, he disintigrates.
Cop Morty says: "Guess his math was off."
Cop Morty says: "Search the place."
Cop Rick goes further into the building while Cop Morty subdues the Mortytown Locos. Rick enters a bedroom with his gun drawn only to encounter a weeping Psychopath Morty.
Psychopath Morty says: "A-Are you… m-my new… Rick?"
Cop Rick lowers his gun and approaches Morty.
Cop Rick says: "It’s okay, Morty."
He picks up Psychopath Morty to carry him to safety. Psychopath Morty pulls out a blade and stabs Rick in the shoulder. Cop Rick falls to his knees and shoots Psychopath Morty. Cop Morty runs to the room.
Cop Morty says: "Jesus!"
Cop Rick says: "He stabbed me!"
Cop Rick says: "He got me bad, Morty."
Cop Morty says: "*approaches Rick and kneels down beside him* Shh, it’s okay, you’re okay."
Cop Morty says: "It doesn’t matter."
Cop Morty says: "*helps Rick to his feet* Nothing’s wrong with putting your faith in a Morty."
Cop Morty says: "You just gotta pick the right one."
Cop Rick says: "Why is there a crib in here?"
Cop Morty says: "Just somethin’ they do to make you feel bad."
In the front room, the Mortytown Locos have their hands cuffed and legs shackled.
Cop Rick says: "Boy, I got us knee-deep in paperwork, huh?"
Cop Morty says: "Go to the car and grab a MediPack."
Cop Morty says: "Lemme worry about this."
Cop Rick goes outside to treat his stab wound. Cop Morty walks out of the building moments later as it disintegrates in a greenish blast, killing the Mortys inside. Cop Morty gets to the cruiser.
Cop Rick says: "What happened?"
Cop Morty says: "Same old story."
Cop Morty says: "Mortys killing Mortys."
Morty gets in the car. Rick stands pensively by the wreckage.
Trans. Megafruit Farm.
Lizard Morty, who is top of a stack comprised of Glasses Morty, Slick and Fat Morty, carefully reaches for a dangling Megafruit.
Lizard Morty says: "Almost..."
Lizard Morty says: "got it..."
A laser shot suddenly fires next to Lizard Morty and falls down with every Morty. A bearded farmer Rick holds a shotgun-like laser with his robot dog beside him.
Farmer Rick says: "Hey, y'all get the hell away from my damn Megafruit!"
All Mortys start running away from Farmer Rick and his robot dog.
Farmer Rick says: "Sic 'em, boy!"
Farmer Rick says: "*his robot dog gives chase; the four Mortys tumble down into a river* I don't wear this dangnap hat and commit to this rural character so you can eat for free while you come of age!"
Trans. Woods.
The four Mortys have a campfire in the woods at night.
Fat Morty says: "I bet the Wishing Portal leads to a reality where there..."
Fat Morty says: "where all..."
Fat Morty says: "where it's a bunch of French toast with boobies."
Lizard Morty says: "I bet it leads to a place where a bunch of fri-- flies everywhere!"
Slick says: "Yeah, I bet it goes nowhere."
Slick says: "I bet it's a big hole where the Citadel dumps all its broken dreams."
Fat Morty says: "Slick, why do ya have to be so dramatic?"
Slick says: "*stands up* You wanna know why?"
Slick says: "*lifts his shirt to reveal a large barcode on his abdomen* Because of this!"
Slick says: "I'm part of an experimental line of Mortys with a trauma implant."
Slick says: "How do you think it feels, Fat Morty, to know that no matter where I go, *Glasses Morty comes over to Slick as he sits back down feeling depressed* I'll always be the one that makes everybody sad and..."
Slick says: "a little bored?"
Glasses Morty says: "Slick, that implant isn't who you are, okay?"
Glasses Morty says: "You also roll up your sleeves."
Fat Morty says: "I thought I was Left-Handed Morty."
Lizard Morty says: "Then you should use your left hand to eat more vegetables."
Trans. Hard Rick Cafe.
Outside the Hard Rick Cafe, Candidate Morty starts greeting crowds of different Ricks behind crowd control barriers on both sides with his bodyguard Ricks.
Candidate Morty says: "Hey there."
Candidate Morty says: "How you doing?"
Candidate Morty says: "Great to meet you."
Plumber Rick says: "I'm a plumber, sir!"
Plumber Rick says: "I-I'm a Rick and I'm a plumber!"
Candidate Morty says: "That doesn't sound like Rick work."
Candidate Morty says: "You didn't come to the Citadel to be a plumber, did you?"
Plumber Rick says: "*laughs joyfully* I sure didn't, sir!"
Father Rick says: "Mr."
Father Rick says: "Morty, Mr."
Father Rick says: "Morty!"
Father Rick says: "*gives his baby Rick to him* I cloned myself so you can kiss me as a baby!"
Candidate Morty says: "This is just like a Morty baby!"
Every Rick cheers as he kisses the Rick baby and giving him back to Father Rick. He then sees a very displeased Campaign Manager Morty behind the barrier.
Candidate Morty says: "Hey!"
Candidate Morty says: "*they shake hands* Did you end up getting a new job?"
Campaign Manager Morty says: "Yeah, I did."
Campaign Manager Morty says: "Assassinating you!"
Campaign Manager Morty holds up a laser pistol and shoots Candidate Morty in the chest. One bodyguard Rick shoots his Taser gun at Campaign Manager Morty, screaming horribly; the other tends to Candidate Morty as he starts bleeding profusely on the floor.
Candidate Morty says: "I'm okay..."
Candidate Morty says: "I'm okay..."
Candidate Morty says: "I'm..."
Candidate Morty says: "*falls unconscious* Ohh..."
Trans. "The Creepy Morty".
Cop Morty and Cop Rick enter a strip club-like establishment filled with fully-clothed Mortys. A Morty wearing a bright blue builder's hat offers to Cop Rick.
Builder Hat Morty says: "You look like you could use a good time!"
Builder Hat Morty says: "One dance for 10, two for 25!"
Cop Rick says: "No thank you, and bad math."
Bearded Morty says: "Ha-ha, yeah!"
Bearded Morty says: "This is a good time!"
Cop Rick says: "What is the place?"
Cop Morty says: ""The Creepy Morty"."
Cop Morty says: "What is it your kind's always saying?"
Cop Morty says: ""Don't think about it."
Cop Morty says: "" Come on."
Cop Morty says: "There's someone important I want you to meet."
Cop Morty and Cop Rick go to a private table. They are greeted by a savvy-looking Morty with two large muscular Morty Bouncers keeping watch.
Big Morty says: "Ah, Bubblah!"
Big Morty says: "How'd it go with the Mortytown Locos?"
Cop Morty says: "They had a little accident."
Cop Morty says: "They won't be causing any trouble anymore."
Big Morty says: "Those were bad Mortys."
Big Morty says: "Very bad Mortys."
Cop Morty says: "Big Morty likes to contribute to keeping the peace in Mortytown."
Cop Morty says: "*takes out a wad of dollar bills* Think of him as a drug lord, and us his cops on his payroll."
Cop Rick says: "Morty..."
Morty Bouncers/Cop Morty says: "*all said at once* Which Morty?"
Cop Rick says: "M-m-my partner."
Cop Rick says: "Morty, you're right."
Cop Rick says: "Mortytown is bad, but that doesn't mean that we have to be."
Big Morty says: "Hey, what's goin' on here, Morty?"
Morty Bouncers says: "*both said at once* Which Morty?"
Big Morty says: "The cop, morons."
Cop Morty says: "*nervously* Don't worry about Rick, Big Morty."
Cop Morty says: "He's new."
Cop Morty says: "He doesn't understand how it works."
Big Morty says: "That's what you said about your last partner."
Cop Morty says: "Wh-why would you say something like that, Big Morty?"
Cop Morty says: "You're fucking things up for both of us here!"
Big Morty says: "Wrong."
Big Morty says: "He's fucking things up for both of you."
Big Morty says: "Unless he takes the money."
Cop Rick says: "Big Morty, you're under arrest."
Cop Morty says: "S-smartest man in the universe."
Cop Morty uppercuts both Morty Bouncers, makes a run with Cop Rick. They both jump behind a table and take cover from Big Morty and his Bouncers firing lasers at them. Cop Morty shoots Morty Bouncer 1 through the head.
Cowboy Morty says: "*drops his cowboy pistols* They're just props!"
Cowboy Morty says: "Th-they're just props!"
Cop Rick shoots Morty Bouncer 2 through the head, launching his body onto the right seat. Cop Morty runs up and kicks Big Morty on the floor, pointing his gun to Big Morty's forehead.
Cop Morty says: "Not so big now, are ya?"
Big Morty says: "I never was!"
Big Morty says: "It was figurative!"
Cop Rick says: "That's enough!"
Cop Morty says: "If we don't kill him, he'll talk!"
Cop Rick says: "If you do, I'll talk."
Cowboy Morty says: "One thing's for sure: y-y'all don't have to worry about Cowboy Morty talkin'!"
Cowboy Morty says: "This little cowpoke's gonna mosey up on outta here!"
Cop Rick says: "You told me to put my faith in the right Morty."
Cop Rick says: "I got faith in you, partner."
Cop Rick says: "Do the right thing."
Cop Morty says: "Oh, Grandpa Rick!"
Cop Morty says: "I don't wanna be on the Citadel anymore!"
Cop Morty says: "I want to be a regular kid!"
Cop Morty says: "I want to go to school and throw balls around and masturbate!"
Cop Rick lowers his laser gun down for a beat. Cop Morty shoots Big Morty's head and Cop Rick shoots Cop Morty's head immediately before he had a chance to shoot.
Trans. outside "The Creepy Morty".
Cop Rick steps outside "The Creepy Morty" before two police hovercars arrive at the scene. He surrenders himself with both knees on the ground and hands in the air.
Cop Rick 2 says: "The hell happened in there?"
Cop Rick says: "Same old story."
Cop Rick says: "Ricks killing Mortys."
Trans. Flavor Core.
Negotiator Rick returns to the chamber, holding up a portal gun to Rick J-22.
Negotiator Rick says: "Okay, man, okay!"
Negotiator Rick says: "We got your portal gun."
Rick J-22 uses the control panel and deactivates the red force field inside the chamber. A miniature portal pops next to Rick J-22 with Negotiator Rick's hand dropping the portal gun on the floor. Rick J-22 picks up the portal gun and examines it. He then shuts down the Simple Rick machine.
Negotiator Rick says: "The hell's he doing?"
Simple Rick says: "Wh-where am I?"
Rick J-22 says: "A bad place, but you're going to a better one soon."
SWAT Team Rick 1 says: "*bangs other side of window* Hey!"
SWAT Team Rick 1 says: "Hey!"
Negotiator Rick says: "No, no, no, no--!!"
Negotiator Rick says: "*Rick J-22 pushes Simple Rick into the portal and is instantly blended with a geyser of blood* Goddammit!!"
Rick J-22 says: "A portal to the Blender Dimension?!"
Rick J-22 says: "!"
Rick J-22 says: "That's the oldest trick in the book!"
Rick J-22 says: "I'm a Rick!"
Rick J-22 says: "I'm more Rick than any of you!!"
Negotiator Rick says: "Then you should know you just killed your only leverage!"
Rick J-22 says: "Then come and get me, motherfuckers!!"
Negotiator Rick and others cock their weapons; a SWAT Team Rick holds up a huge blowtorch to cut a door-like hole through the wall. He kicks into the chamber before another Rick intervenes.
Purple Suit Rick says: "Stop!"
Purple Suit Rick says: "*he wears a purple suit with green under shirt and green tie, purple top hat, and carries a gold cane* I'm Rick D."
Purple Suit Rick says: "Sanchez III, owner of this here wafer establishment, and I say that the Rick in there is right!"
Purple Suit Rick says: "He's more Rick than any of you."
SWAT Team Rick 2 says: "He's a terrorist!"
Rick D. Sanchez III says: "What Rick isn't?"
Rick D. Sanchez III says: "*walks into the chamber to greet Rick J-22* The Citadel was founded by Ricks for Ricks to be free."
Rick D. Sanchez III says: "*taps Rick J-22's head with his cane* What's your name, young man?"
Rick J-22 says: "Rick."
Rick D. Sanchez III says: "Same age as me, I know."
Rick D. Sanchez III says: "How long have worked here?"
Rick J-22 says: "Fifteen years."
Rick D. Sanchez III says: "What the hell have we become?"
Rick D. Sanchez III says: "*turns to the SWAT Team Ricks* Whatever time you were going to make him serve, he served it."
Rick D. Sanchez III says: "It ends now!"
Rick D. Sanchez III says: "*walks up to Rick J-22* Come with me, friend."
Rick J-22 says: "Where are we going?"
Rick D. Sanchez III says: "To your new life, which starts with walking the fuck out of here."
Trans. Assembly Line.
Rick D. Sanchez III takes Rick J-22 along the main assembly line.
Rick Worker says: "Yo, J-22!"
Rick Worker says: "Give 'em hell!"
All Worker Ricks cheer as Rick D. Sanchez III walks along with Rick J-22 down the assembly line. The Simple Rick's commercial music starts playing with Rick J-22 waving back and crying tears of joy.
Narrator says: "There's a Rick who held a factory hostage after murdering his boss and several co-workers."
Narrator says: "The factory made cookies, flavored him with lies."
Outside the factory, Rick D. Sanchez III presents his fancy purple hover-convertible and gives his car keys to Rick J-22.
Narrator says: "He made us all take a look at what we were doing, and at the bargain he got a taste of real freedom."
Before Rick J-22 could reach the hover-convertible, Rick D. Sanchez III shoots Rick J-22 behind his head and falls down in slow-motion. The scene fades to a video screen showing Rick J-22 crying tears of joy down the assembly line. The scene zooms out to reveal a blissful Rick J-22 hooked into the Simple Rick machine with two connecting pink tubes.
Narrator says: "We captured that taste, and we keep giving it to him so he can give it right back to you, in every bite of new Simple Rick Freedom Wafer Selects."
Narrator says: "*shows wafer displayed on screen* Come home to the unique flavor of shattering the grand illusion."
Narrator says: "Come home to Simple Rick."
Trans. Wishing Portal Building.
The four Mortys approach a rusty-looking building encased by a tall circling wall.
Fat Morty says: "It is real!"
Slick says: "After you."
Slick says: "*the four Mortys walk through the gate."
Trans. Wishing Portal.
The four Mortys walk inside a huge chamber with a giant green downwards tunnel and large industrial pipes above the tunnel.
Fat Morty says: "There it is..."
Fat Morty says: "the Wishing Portal."
Fat Morty says: "They say for your wish to come true, y-you have to give up something really important."
Fat Morty says: "*takes a food machine out of his bag* For me, that's my panini maker."
Fat Morty says: "I wish for a million sandwiches!"
Fat Morty says: "*drops his panini maker down the portal."
Fat Morty says: "He turns back to Lizard Morty* And yes, I see the irony."
Lizard Morty says: "I guess I wish I had something cooler than this dumbass surfer necklace."
Glasses Morty says: "I wish incest porn h-had a more mainstream appeal, f-for a friend of mine."
Slick says: "None of those things are gonna happen, y'know."
Slick says: "Morty wishes never come true."
Slick says: "Not on the Citadel."
Lizard Morty says: "Then why did you bring us here?"
Slick says: "Because I wish that would change."
Slick says: "I wish anything about this life would change."
Glasses Morty says: "Well, I hope you're putting something pretty goddamn important in there."
Slick says: "Me, too."
Slick says: "But I doubt it."
Glasses Morty says: "NOOOOOOOO!!!!"
Lizard Morty says: "SLI-I-I-I-I-I-I-ICK!!!!"
Slick plummets down the abyssal depths of the Wishing Portal and vanishes completely. The three Mortys take a moment of silence.
Glasses Morty says: "Maybe..."
Glasses Morty says: "Maybe he went somewhere nice."
Rick PA Announcer says: "*via speaker* "Garbage dump."
Rick PA Announcer says: "Stand *burp* back."
Trans. Airlock Chamber.
The two Bodyguard Ricks drag along a badly beaten-up Campaign Manager Morty and throw him into the airlock chamber.
Campaign Manager Morty says: "*gets himself up* He gotta be stopped..."
Campaign Manager Morty says: "*wipes bloodstain off his face* He-he cou-couldn't be allowed to win."
Bodyguard Rick 1 says: "Then you should've *burp* worked on your aim, bro."
Campaign Manager Morty says: "He's alive?!"
Campaign Manager Morty says: "!"
Campaign Manager Morty says: "No, no, no!"
Campaign Manager Morty says: "You gotta listen to me!"
Campaign Manager Morty says: "*shows his campaign badge* I-I worked for him!"
Campaign Manager Morty says: "I was his campaign manager!"
Campaign Manager Morty says: "That Morty is not what he seems."
Bodyguard Rick 2 says: "Yeah, well, no Morty seems like a president."
Campaign Manager Morty says: "He..."
Campaign Manager Morty says: "won?"
Bodyguard Rick 2 says: "Yeah."
Bodyguard Rick 1 says: "It was a blowout."
Bodyguard Rick 2 says: "We hardly call it a blowout, it was almost close enough to trigger a recount."
Bodyguard Rick 1 says: "Jesus, what are you, joke security now, too?"
Trans. Interrogation Room.
Two Officer Ricks enter the interrogation room with Cop Rick in handcuffs.
Cop Rick says: "Why am I still here?"
Cop Rick says: "I already confessed to everything."
Officer Rick 1 says: "Your case has been reviewed."
Officer Rick 1 says: "*presses button, unlocks Cop Rick's handcuffs* You're free to go."
Cop Rick says: "But..."
Cop Rick says: "I violated at least a dozen departmental codes!"
Officer Rick 1 says: "New department."
Officer Rick 1 says: "New codes."
Officer Rick 2 says: "New Citadel."
Trans. Ext. Morty Academy.
Teacher Rick locks the main entrance when Glasses, Lizard and Fat Morty arrive back to him.
Glasses Morty says: "Did we miss graduation?"
Glasses Morty says: "Where are the new Ricks?"
Teacher Rick says: "No graduation."
Teacher Rick says: "No new Ricks."
Teacher Rick says: "The school's curriculum is changing."
Glasses Morty says: "To what?"
Teacher Rick says: "I don't know, and I don't have to know."
Teacher Rick says: "I've been fired."
Teacher Rick says: "*takes out a flask, unscrews top and walks off* Good luck, turds."
Lizard Morty says: "Holy crap..."
Lizard Morty says: "Slick's wish came true."
Trans. Shadow Council of Ricks Hall.
Rick D. Sanchez III arrives to take his seat next to Steve Jobs Rick.
Rick D. Sanchez III says: "Sorry I'm late, Mr."
Rick D. Sanchez III says: "President."
Rick D. Sanchez III says: "Had a little crisis at work."
Steve Jobs Rick says: "Worth it!"
President Morty says: "It's no problem."
President Morty says: "*to Barber Rick* Uh, a little more off the top."
President Morty says: "*continues* You were saying, Garment District Rick?"
Garment District Rick says: "We were saying, *air-quotes* "President Morty," that we don't care who sits in that seat."
Garment District Rick says: "A Rick, a Morty, a goddam Jerry, doesn't matter."
Garment District Rick says: "We've been running the Citadel since before the Council, and you'll find that we're still running it now."
President Morty says: "Does he really speak for everyone here?"
Other Ricks says: "Yeah, yeah."
President Morty says: "Well, I think it's important to be clear."
President Morty says: "Raise your hand if he speaks for you."
Through President Morty's mirror reflection, seven Ricks including Rick D. Sanchez III and Garment District Rick raise their hands for a beat. President Morty snaps his finger and two Officer Ricks euthanise the five Ricks with shock lasers expect for Steve Jobs Rick and Good-Looking Rick.
Barber Rick says: "*keeping his cool* Is that..."
Barber Rick says: "enough off the top?"
President Morty says: "I don't know."
President Morty says: "*turns over the two remaining Ricks* Is it?"
Steve Jobs Rick says: "*begging* Yes, yes, yes!"
Steve Jobs Rick says: "Goddamn yes!"
Good-Looking Rick says: "*begging* Yes, it's great!"
President Morty says: "Good."
President Morty then walks over to pour a glass of brandy as the Officer Ricks and Mortys carry the Rick corpses away. President Morty observes outside the window as he continues his dialogue.
President Morty says: "This seems like a good time for a drink, and a cold, calculated speech with sinister overtones."
President Morty says: "A speech about politics, about order, brotherhood, power..."
Scenes show the new Morty/Rick banners covering the old Rick emblems of a building; Cop Rick putting on his new police badge; Fat, Glasses and Lizard Morty wheelbarrowing Megafruit in their new uniforms; Officer Ricks dragging the remaining dead Ricks into airlock pods. Cut back to President Morty.
President Morty says: "But speeches are for campaigning."
President Morty says: "*looks into his glass of brandy and gives a sinister expression* Now..."
President Morty says: "is the time for action."
Trans. Ext. Airlock Outside the Citadel.
Four dead Ricks, including Rick D. Sanchez III and Garment District Rick, are chucked out of the airlock. "For the Damaged Coda" plays in the background as the scene zooms out revealing dozens of dead Ricks and Mortys floating in space including Cop Morty, Big Morty, Investigator Rick and Campaign Manager Morty. The floating documents shows pictures of a Morty with an eyepatch; Candidate Morty taking off his eyepatch with a puppet-controlled Rick before the pictures float away off-screen.
CREDITS.
Trans. Int. Rick's Garage.
Rick and Morty teleport back to the garage in full scuba gear.
Rick says: "Whoa!!"
Rick says: "Hahaha, yeah!"
Rick says: "Atlantis, baby!"
Morty says: "That was amazing!"
Rick says: "Got some of that mermaid puss!"
Morty says: "I'm really hoping it wasn't a one-off thing and I can see her again."
Morty says: "By the way, hey, um..."
Morty says: "still not curious about what might've happened at that crazy Citadel place?"
Rick says: "*takes seaweed off his pants* Pssh!"
Rick says: "Not at all, Morty."
Rick says: "That place will never have any bearing over our lives ever again."
Rick says: "Unlike that mermaid puss!"
Rick says: "Yeah!!"
Rick says: "We're going back for seconds!"
Rick says: "We're gonna do that shit every week, man!"
Rick says: "That was Atlantis!"
Morty says: "*as Rick continues celebrating* Whoo!"
Morty says: "Yeah!"
Morty says: "Yeaah!"
Morty says: "Ohhh, shit!"
END OF EPISODE.