Transcript for Rickshank Rickdemption. WORK IN PROGRESS.
Rick says: "Anyway, that's how I escaped from space prison!"
Rick says: "Oh, scary place."
Morty says: "Wow, Rick!"
Morty says: "That's -- That's one -- one heck of a story."
Morty says: "I sure do wish I could have been there to see it happen."
Rick says: "Oh, come on."
Rick says: "Who wants to watch a mad scientist use handmade sci-fi tools to take out highly trained alien guards when we can sit here and be a family at Shoney's?"
Beth says: "Dad, it's great to have you back, no matter where we are, but wouldn't you like to go home?"
Rick says: "Emotionally speaking, honey, Shoney's is my home."
Jerry says: "Yeah, but you just got out of prison."
Rick says: "Jerry, get out of the booth, take all your clothes off, and fold yourself 12 times."
Jerry says: "You got it."
Rick says: "Six folds, huh?"
Rick says: "W-W-What, have you guys got me in a Series 9000?"
Rick says: "You cheap insect fucks didn't think I was worth your best equipment?"
Cornvelious Daniel says: "Man, I told the money bugs."
Cornvelious Daniel says: "I said, "You know who this guy is, right?"
Cornvelious Daniel says: "You want me to get intel out of the smartest mammal in the galaxy, you better give me a decent brainalyzer."
Rick says: "Well, you might as well order some pancakes, because I don't see the need to leave this part of my brain."
Cornvelious Daniel says: "Oh, I think you do."
Cornvelious Daniel says: "Eventually, you're either gonna relax your cerebellum."
Rick says: "Shoney's."
Cornvelious Daniel says: "Or the Series 9000 is going to turn it into mush."
Farts .
Rick says: "Relaxed enough?"
Farts .
Gromflomite Captain says: "What's going on?"
Gromflomite Worker says: "It's hard to tell."
Gromflomite Worker says: "He may have manifested some sort of butt."
Gromflomite Captain says: "He can do that?"
Gromflomite Worker says: "He is the smartest man in the universe."
Transition to Smith residence.
Jerry says: "I tell ya, the Galactic Federation taking over Earth -- best thing that's ever happened to this family."
Jerry says: "I just got my sixth promotion this week, and I still don't know what I do."
Summer says: "Who cares how high they promote you?"
Summer says: "Everyone just gets paid in pills."
Jerry says: "Well, when you're not sure what you do for a living, you can make your own rules."
Beth says: "Summer, show your father some respect."
Beth says: "He's pulling down a six-chewable figure income."
Bottle shatters .
Conroy says: "I'll get that in a moment."
Conroy says: "How are everyone's pills?"
Conroy says: "Oh, Morty, you've hardly touched your pills."
Morty says: "I kind of had big pills for lunch, and I  Thank you, Conroy."
Jerry says: "You spoil us, Conroy."
Summer says: "Grandpa Rick wouldn't put up with this!"
Beth says: "Stop saying his name!"
Beth says: "He abandoned us."
Jerry says: "Willem Dafoe!"
Jerry says: "Th-That's the guy I couldn't think of this morning."
Beth says: "Don't make my mistake, Summer."
Beth says: "Don't deify the people that leave you."
Beth says: "You'll end up a horse surgeon in a world controlled by aliens whose medicine keeps horses  Horses live longer than tortoises now."
Beth says: "Is that what you want for yourself?"
Summer says: "Maybe I just want you to care if I run away yelling!"
Conroy says: "Who saved room for pill brûlée?"
Jerry says: "Ooh!"
Transition to Shoney's.
Convelious Daniel says: "I can see why you chose this family-friendly restaurant to represent your cerebellum."
Convelious Daniel says: "So safe, so comfortable, so Shoney's."
Convelious Daniel says: "But admit it, Rick -- you're going crazy cooped up in here."
Convelious Daniel says: "Let's go visit some memories."
Rick says: "Oh, any particular ones?"
Rick says: "You want to see my first boner, or should we go straight to the moment I discovered interdimensional travel?"
Rick says: "' Ooh, your little flappy doodles are twitching."
Rick says: "Does that mean you're aroused, or did you just get a signal that one of your buddies found a grape?"
Cornvelious Daniel says: "It's arousal."
Cornvelious Daniel says: "Yes, I'd like very much to visit the memory of you inventing your portal gun."
Rick says: "Yeah, well, tough titties."
Rumbling .
Convelious Daniel says: "There's no tougher titty than a psychotic break, Rick."
Rick says: "Well, that depends on who breaks first -- me or the titty."
Cornvelious Daniel says: "Someone special you remember?"
Cornvelious Daniel says: "Is that your memory of her out there -- between where you were on 9/11 and your favorite sports blooper?"
Whooshing .
Cornvelious Daniel says: "If we stay here, you'll die, along with all your memories."
Cornvelious Daniel says: "If you take me where I want to go she'll be there, too, won't she?"
Rick says: "The day I invented the portal gun is the day I lost her."
Cornvelious Daniel says: "Oh, that sounds cool."
Cornvelious Daniel says: "I can get what I want and you can say goodbye."
Rick says: "Fine, but I'm driving."
9/11 Memory Rick says: "--as an excuse to strip away our freedom!"
Transition to the Garage.
Morty says: "Huh?"
Morty says: "What are you -- What are you doing?"
Summer says: "Grandpa Rick must have some secret lab, right?"
Summer says: "With, like, laser guns and jets packs and a space tank!"
Summer says: "And we can go break him out of prison!"
Summer says: "Look at these dead flies!"
Summer says: "Maybe if we arrange them in a certain order, it plays a hologram or it opens a secret door."
Morty says: "Summer, you're freaking me out."
Morty says: "I know things have changed a lot, and I know you miss Rick, but getting him back wouldn't make things better."
Morty says: "And, you know, we're not doing so bad."
Summer says: "We're miserable, Morty!"
Summer says: "There's a mandatory curfew, their weird calendar made me 47, and they weaponized the Eiffel Tower!"
Morty says: "Hey, I like being 35."
Morty says: "I-I can rent a car now."
Summer says: "Because you suck!"
Summer says: "You've been keeping your lip zipped about it since Grandpa got arrested, but the fact is, you're freaking stoked to bail on him."
Morty says: "He bails on everybody!"
Morty says: "He bailed on Mom when she was a kid!"
Morty says: "He -- He bailed on tiny planet!"
Morty says: "And in case I never made this clear to you, Summer, he bailed on you."
Morty says: "He left you to rot in a world that he ruined because he doesn't care!"
Morty says: "Because nobody's special to him, Summer, not even himself."
Morty says: "So, if you really want your grandpa back, grab a shovel."
Morty says: "The one that won't let you down is buried in your backyard!"
Summer says: "You're right!"
Morty says: "What?!"
Morty says: "!"
Morty says: "No, I'm not right."
Morty says: "I-I was using ghoulish overkill!"
Morty says: "Ghoulish overkill, Summer!"
Summer grunting .
Thunder crashes .
Morty says: "Oh, God!"
Morty says: "Oh, God!"
Morty says: "Whoa, whoa!"
Thunder crashes .
Transition into Rick's mind.
Cornvelious Daniel says: "Where are we going?"
Rick says: "To the day it all began and ended."
Rick says: "The moment that changed everything."
McDonald's Drive-thru speaker says: "Welcome to McDonald's."
McDonald's Drive-thru speaker says: "Can I take your order?"
Rick says: "Yeah, I'd like to get a 10-piece McNugget and a bunch of the Szechuan sauce."
Rick says: "Like, as much as you're allowed to give me."
Rick says: "In 1998, they had this promotion for the Disney film "Mulan," where they -- where they -- they created a new sauce for the McNuggets called Szechuan sauce, and it's delicious!"
Rick says: "And then they got rid of it, and now it's gone."
Rick says: "This is the only place we're gonna be able to try it, is in my memory."
Cornvelious Daniel says: "Rick, you're doing this bit while your brain is melting."
Rick says: "Okay."
Rick says: "All right, all right."
Rick says: "Me."
Rick says: "I used to wear blue pants."
Zapping .
Cornvelious Daniel says: "When'd you make the leap to interdimensional travel?"
Rick says: "I didn't."
Rick says: "I did."
Whooshing .
Alternate Rick says: "Well, well, well."
Alternate Rick says: "If it isn't us."
Alternate Rick says: "You know the worst part about inventing teleportation?"
Alternate Rick says: "Suddenly, you're able to travel the whole galaxy, and the first thing you learn is, you're the last guy to invent teleportation."
Alternate Rick says: "Fortunately, you're about to invent something much more powerful."
Young Rick says: "What?"
Transition to Smith backyard.
Thunder crashes .
Morty says: "Summer, nobody has to know about that."
Morty says: "We could put it right back and pretend we never saw it, like we did with Dad's mannequin leg."
Summer says: "Fine, stay here."
Summer says: "I'll rescue Grandpa myself."
Morty says: "And how are you gonna do that?"
Summer says: "I don't know yet."
Summer says: "I'll make it up as I go."
Summer says: "That's what Grandpa Rick does."
Summer says: "That's what heroes do."
Morty says: "Y-You want to see what a hero Rick is?"
Morty says: "I-I'll bring you somewhere, Summer."
Conroy says: "My goodness, children."
Conroy says: "And then we'll all play Balderdash."
Both whimper, scream .
Whooshing .
Screaming .
Farting .
Grunts .
Conroy says: "Oh, my goodness!"
Conroy says: "Oh, oh!"
Summer says: "Oh, my God."
Summer says: "I have that exact same top."
Summer says: "What is this place?"
Summer says: "And what's with "Hunger Games" Summer?"
Morty says: "That's my sister."
Morty says: "This used to be my home."
Transition to Rick's mind.
Alternate Rick says: "Imagine doing anything you want, then hopping to a timeline where you never did it."
Alternate Rick says: "Imagine going anywhere, anytime, with nobody able to stop you."
Young Rick says: "Sounds lonely."
Alternate Rick says: "Lonely?"
Alternate Rick says: "Dude, you have yourself -- your infinite selves."
Alternate Rick says: "It's a nonstop party where all the guests are the only person we like."
Alternate Rick says: "You think it's cool being the smartest man on Earth, but once we give you this technology, you become the smartest thing in every conceivable universe -- the Infinite Rick, a god."
Young Rick says: "Eh, pass."
Alternate Rick says: "Excuse me?"
Alternate Rick says: "Bro, Ricks don't pass on this."
Alternate Rick says: "Who do you think you are?"
Young Rick says: "A different kind of Rick, I guess."
Alternate Rick says: "Well, we'll see how long that lasts."
Whooshing .
Diane says: "I heard sci-fi noises."
Diane says: "Did you make a breakthrough?"
Young Rick says: "Sort of."
Young Rick says: "I just took a long look at myself, and I don't think this science thing is gonna pay off."
Diane says: "Well, why don't I get Beth and we'll go out for ice cream?"
Young Rick says: "That, Dianne, is the last great idea that will ever be had in this garage."
Transition to Smith residence C-137.
Munching loudly .
Summer says: "Good roasted Cronenberg, I assume."
Summer says: "Mom, you're looking feral."
Summer says: "I can't believe Rick did this."
Morty says: "These are the parts of Rick's adventures you don't get to see -- the parts he leaves behind."
Morty says: "All right, it's been great, guys."
Morty says: "I really only wanted to stop by here for a quick "I told ya so."
Jerry says: "Looking for this?"
Morty says: "What are you doing with that?!"
Morty says: "!"
Jerry says: "It stinks of Rick."
Morty says: "No!"
Morty says: "Why?!"
Morty says: "!"
Morty says: "Why would you do that?!"
Morty says: "!"
Morty says: "W-W-What is the matter with you people?!"
Morty says: "!"
Jerry says: "You can never leave."
Jerry says: "She cannot remain."
Summer says: "She stinks of Rick."
Portal opens, Ricks exits through it.
All scream .
Morty says: "Hold your fire!"
Morty says: "Hold your fire!"
Morty says: "I'm Morty C-137."
Ricks look at each other.
Guard Rick says: "We detected a compromised portal gun."
Guard Rick says: "Where is your Rick?"
Summer says: "He's in prison."
Morty says: "Summer."
Summer says: "He got captured by the Federation and we were going to rescue him."
Guard Rick says: "Very troubling."
Guard Rick says: "We can't risk Citadel secrets falling into the Federation's hands."
Guard Rick says: "We'll dispatch SEAL Team Ricks immediately to break into the prison holding C-137."
Summer says: "Boo-yah!"
Guard Rick says: "Aand assassinate him."
Summer says: "Boo-nah?"
Transition to Rick's mind.
Horn honks .
Young Rick says: "Come on, girls!"
Young Rick says: "The ice cream's gonna melt."
Portal opens.
Whooshing .
Blinking ball falls through.
Beeping .
Young Rick says: "Nooooooo!"
Ball explodes, killing Diane and young Beth.
Cornvelious Daniel says: "Wow."
Cornvelious Daniel says: "This sauce is fucking amazing."
Cornvelious Daniel says: "You said it was promoting a movie?"
Young Rick says: "Carry the three, add a two."
Young Rick says: "I got it."
Young Rick says: "I fucking got it."
Young Rick opens portal.
Cornvelious Daniel says: "Whoa."
Cornvelious Daniel says: "I-Is that it, the portal gun?"
Rick says: "Yeah."
Rick says: "That's the three lines of math that separates my life as a man from my life as an unfeeling ghost."
Cornvelious Daniel says: "Awesome-possum."
Cornvelious Daniel says: "Mission Control, you getting this?"
Gromflomite Worker says: "Holy shit, yes!"
Gromflomite Worker says: "Yes, we got it!"
Cornvelious Daniel says: "Yeah!"
Cornvelious Daniel says: "Thanks, Rick."
Cornvelious Daniel says: "I'll try to remember to shut off the brainalyzer."
Cornvelious Daniel says: "Actually, I think it shuts off automatically once your brain is liquid."
Cornvelious Daniel says: "Don't know, don't care."
Cornvelious Daniel says: "Pull me out."
Cornvelious Daniel says: "Hey, pull me out!"
Cornvelious Daniel says: "Can you hear me?"
Rick says: "Nope, they cannot."
Cornvelious Daniel says: "Why not?"
Rick says: "Because the code you just uploaded wasn't actually my portal-gun formula, it was a virus giving me full control over the brainalyzer."
Cornvelious Daniel says: "What are you talking about?"
Cornvelious Daniel says: "This is a memory."
Cornvelious Daniel says: "Y-You can't alter details of a memory."
Rick says: "True, but you can alter anything you want about a totally fabricated origin story."
World around them turns into Shoney's.
Cornvelious Daniel says: "It's a trap!"
Cornvelious Daniel says: "Abort!"
Cornvelious Daniel says: "I'm still in his Shoney's!"
Cornvelious Daniel says: "Repeat -- we never left his Shoney's!"
Rick says: "Mission accomplished, boys."
Rick says: "Pull me out."
Gromflomite Worker says: "Roger that."
Rick says: "Okay, have fun in what's left of my brain."
Rick says: "I'm gonna transfer to yours."
Rick says: "Oh, there's not enough room for all my genius, so I'm leaving you with my fear of wicker furniture, my desire to play the trumpet, my tentative plans to purchase a hat, and six years of improv workshops."
Rick says: "Comedy comes in threes."
Cornvelious Daniel says: "It's a trap!"
Cornvelious Daniel says: "Abort!"
Cornvelious Daniel says: "We never left his --  No!"
Rick exits the machine in Cornvelious Daniel's body.
Cornvelious Daniel/Rick says: "Another day, another dollar."
Cornvelious Daniel/Rick says: "Am I right great insect creature or whaaat?!"
Cornvelious Daniel/Rick says: "!"
Gromflomite Captain says: "Congratulations, Agent."
Gromflomite Captain says: "You'll be highly commended for this."
Cornvelious Daniel/Rick says: "Always wait for permission to  feel accomplishment."
Cornvelious Daniel/Rick says: "That's my motto."
Gromflomite Captain says: "One thing still perplexes me -- why would Rick Sanchez turn himself in?"
Cornvelious Daniel/Rick says: "Well, I'm just a dumb-ass bug, but it's possible Rick knew he'd be interrogated at this facility, where we not only keep our most wanted, but our most sensitive data."
Cornvelious Daniel/Rick says: "Anyone here with level-nine access could  I don't know, collapse a government."
Cornvelious Daniel/Rick says: "I'm just gonna go take a dump."
Cornvelious Daniel/Rick says: "Is it cool if I use the level-nine bathroom?"
Cornvelious Daniel/Rick says: "W-W-What's the level-nine master access code again?"
Gromflomite Worker says: "Oh, that's easy."
SEAL Team Rick leader says: "Yeah!"
SEAL Team Rick leader says: "SEAL Team Rick's in the house!"
Screaming .
RickD-99 Hi, Rick. Bye, Rick.
Rick transfers his mind into D-99.
SEAL Team Rick leader says: "D-99, y-you okay?"
Grunting .
Rick /Rick says: "I'm bummed I didn't get to give that insect dick a test-drive."
Braided Rick says: "Wait, wait, wait, wait!"
Braided Rick says: "T-The Council of Ricks sent us."
Braided Rick says: "We have your Morty and Summer."
Braided Rick says: "They're prisoners on the Citadel."
Rick/Rick says: "Great!"
Speaker system says: "Security breach in room 6755."
Rick/Rick says: "Lovely."
Rick/Rick says: "Not only is my plan screwed up, I also forgot how to improvise."
Speaker system says: "All security people approach."
Speaker system says: "Security breach."
Transition to Citadel of Ricks.
Summer says: "A city of Grandpas?"
Morty says: "It's the Citadel of Ricks."
Morty says: "All the different Ricks from all the different realities got together to hide here from the government."
Summer says: "But if every Rick hates the government, why would they hate Grandpa?"
Morty says: "Because Ricks hate themselves the most."
Morty says: "And our Rick is the most himself."
Guard Rick says: "Not anymore, homey."
Guard Rick says: "SEAL Team Ricks turned his unibrow into two brows -- with a bullet."
Guard Rick says: "Your Rick's dead!"
Guard Rick says: "Your Rick's dead!"
Transition to Citadel communications center.
Worker Rick says: "Sir, Rick D-99 is returning from the mission alone."
Worker Rick says: "Apparently, SEAL Team Ricks suffered heavy casualties."
Commander in Chief Rick says: "Bring him in."
Worker Rick says: "He says he'll only talk to a Rick with higher clearance."
Commander in Chief Rick says: "La-di-da."
Commander in Chief Rick says: "Give me that."
Commander in Chief Rick says: "D-99, this is the commander in chief of the Citadel's militia."
Rick/Rick says: "Go -- good enough."
Rick transfers his mind into Commander in Chief Rick.
Commander in Chief Rick/Rick says: "He's a spy."
Commander in Chief Rick/Rick says: "Blow him up."
Commander in Chief Rick/Rick says: "I'm gonna go take a shit."
Transition to room of Council of Ricks.
Riq IV says: "Operating an unregistered portal gun, radicalizing a Summer, conspiring with a traitorous Rick."
Riq IV says: "How do you plead?"
Morty says: "How is this a fair trial?"
Morty says: "O-Our lawyer is a Morty."
Riq IV says: "It's not fair, you have no rights, and he's not a lawyer."
Riq IV says: "We just keep him here because he's fun."
Riq IV says: "Look at him go."
"Lawyer" Morty says: "Ha ha, yeah!"
Riq IV says: "We'll be lenient if you renounce your Rick."
Riq IV says: "What say you, Summer?"
Summer says: "I say fuck you!"
Summer says: "My grandpa was my hero."
Summer says: "You killed him because you were jealous of him."
Summer says: "That's pretty obvious from the haircuts."
Summer says: "So do what you want to me, but let my brother go."
Summer says: "He already renounced Rick."
Riq IV says: "Morty?"
Morty says: "What?"
Morty says: "N-No, I don't want to see your Pog collection."
Morty says: "I don't renounce Rick, and I never have."
Morty says: "I was just trying to protect my sister."
Morty says: "I wanted you to have a normal life."
Morty says: "That's something you can't have when Rick shows up."
Morty says: "Everything real turns fake."
Morty says: "Everything right is wrong."
Morty says: "All you know is that you know nothing and he knows everything."
Morty says: "And, well -- well, he's not a villain, Summer, but he shouldn't be your hero."
Morty says: "He's more like a demon or a super fucked up god."
Riq IV says: "Let's not suck the ghost of his dick too hard."
Riq IV says: "He was a terrorist, and now he's dead."
Morty says: "Oh, yeah?"
Morty says: "If you think my Rick's dead, he's alive."
Morty says: "And if you think you're safe, he's coming for you!"
Teleportation Worker Rick says: "Hey, whoa, whoa!"
Teleportation Worker Rick says: "What are you doing in here?"
Teleportation Worker Rick says: "This area's for teleporting the entire Citadel to somewhere else using only buttons and dials."
Commander in Chief Rick/Rick says: "Yeah, well, it's a bad idea to have it designed that way then, isn't it?"
Whirring .
Screaming .
Teleporter Worker Rick says: "What the fuck?"
Teleporter Worker Rick says: "We just teleported into a galactic federal prison."
Commander in Chief Rick/Rick says: "I'm gonna go take a shit."
Alarm blaring .
"Lawyer" Morty says: "Order in the court!"
"Lawyer" Morty says: "Whoa!"
"Lawyer" Morty says: "What the hell?!"
"Lawyer" Morty says: "!"
"Lawyer" Morty says: "Oh, my God!"
Random Rick says: "Wait, wait, wait, wait!"
Random Rick says: "No, no, no!"
Hammerhead Morty says: "Whoa!"
Hammerhead Morty says: "Whoa!"
Quantum Rick/Rick says: "The Citadel's been teleported to  Federation space."
Quantum Rick/Rick says: "It's doomed."
Quantum Rick/Rick says: "This has to be C-137, you guys."
Quantum Rick/Rick says: "What are we gonna do?!"
Quantum Rick/Rick says: "!"
Quantum Rick/Rick says: "You know he's coming for us."
Riq IV says: "All right, calm down!"
Riq IV says: "We have his Summer as a hostage."
Riq IV says: "Obviously, I get her."
Riq IV says: "You guys play Rick, Laser, Scissors for the Morty."
Zeta Alpha Rick says: "W-W-What the hell is that?"
Quantum Rick/Rick says: "Payback."
Summer says: "Grandpa Rick!"
Quantum Rick/Rick rips off his uniform and shakes his hair to standard Rick hair, becoming Rick.
Rick says: "Duh!"
Summer says: "You're alive!"
Morty says: "Rick!"
Rick says: "Morty, take this."
Rick says: "You're gonna need it later."
Ricktiminus Sancheziminius says: "Hold on, hold on."
Ricktiminus Sancheziminius says: "Whoa!"
Riq IV says: "That's enough, Rick."
Rick says: "What -- What's this supposed to accomplish?"
Rick says: "We have infinite grandkids."
Rick says: "You're trying to use Disney bucks at a Caesar's Palace here."
Summer says: "That's a bluff."
Summer says: "He's bluffing, sir."
Summer says: "He loves me."
Riq IV says: "You're a rogue Rick -- irrational, passionate."
Riq IV says: "You love your grandkids."
Riq IV says: "You came to rescue them."
Rick says: "I came to kill you, bro."
Rick says: "That's not even my original Summer."
Summer says: "Oh, my God."
Summer says: "He's not bluffing."
Summer says: "He's not bluffing!"
Morty says: "R-Rick?"
Riq IV says: "Why not shoot through her?"
Rick says: "20 yards, nine-gauge plasma pistol, My first shot would liquify her insides and injure you, second shot adds recoil."
Rick says: "The risk to me is minimized if I wait for you to shoot her, which I'm encouraging you to do."
Summer says: "What the fuck?"
Rick says: "Or let her go, which I will reward with a quicker death."
Riq IV says: "Because you love her!"
Rick says: "Because it's incentive for you to give me my cleanest shot, which will be your least painful death."
Rick says: "But if you want to die slower than that, I'm super into it."
Rick says: "All you got to do to get that started is kill the girl."
Summer says: "I hate you!"
Rick says: "Not an issue, sweetie."
Morty says: "That's enough!"
Morty says: "Drop the gun, Rick!"
Rick says: "Morty, I know you're too stupid to get this, but you're really fuckin' this up right now."
Morty says: "I'm not letting you let my sister die!"
Morty says: "Drop the gun!"
Rick says: "I wasn't gonna let her die, you fuckin' moron!"
Riq IV says: "Ha!"
Summer says: "Aww."
Rick says: "The point is he thought I was going to."
Riq IV says: "I totally did, by the way."
Riq IV says: "You're a fucking moron, Morty."
Summer says: "Morty, you fucking idiot!"
Rick says: "You're a serious fuckin' idiot, Morty!"
Rick says: "You basically killed us all!"
Rick says: "You're the worst!"
Rick says: "You're as dumb as a bag of sand."
All yelling .
Screaming .
Morty shoots Rick.
Morty says: "Who's stupid now, bitch?!"
Morty says: "!"
Summer says: "Morty, we just got him back!"
Riq IV says: "That was amazing, Morty."
Riq IV says: "Oh, my God."
Riq IV says: "Wow."
Rick shoots Riq IV.
Rick says: "Good job, Morty."
Rick says: "Let's go, kids."
Summer says: "What?!"
Summer says: "!"
Summer says: "What happened?"
Rick says: "Oldest Rick trick in the book."
Summer says: ""Fake gun, shoot me in standoff."
Summer says: "" Brilliant."
Morty says: "Ha, yeah."
Morty says: "G-Good thing I saw that note."
Summer says: "Can't we just portal home?"
Rick says: "Not until I finish what I started."
Rick says: "And that is how you get level-nine access without a password."
Gromflomite Guard says: "Freeze!"
Rick says: "Employee of the month, ladies and gentlemen."
Morty says: "So, what are you doing with level-nine access anyways?"
Rick says: "Destroying the  galactic government."
Morty says: "Awesome!"
Summer says: "Awesome!"
Morty says: "Whoa, cool!"
Summer says: "Whoa, cool!"
Summer says: "Are you going to set all their nukes to target each other?"
Morty says: "Ooh, or -- or reprogram their military portals to disintegrate their entire space fleet?"
Rick says: "Good pitches, kids."
Rick says: "I'm almost proud."
Rick says: "But watch closely as Grandpa topples an empire by changing a one to a zero."
Transition to Galactic Federation President's office.
Federation worker 1 says: "Mr."
Federation worker 1 says: "President, the Blemflarck's value just dropped to nothing."
Galactic Federation President says: "What do you mean?"
Federation worker 1 says: "I mean, our single centralized galactic currency just went from being worth one of itself to zero of itself."
Panicked murmuring .
Galactic Federation president says: "Calm down, people."
Galactic Federation president says: "Deploy the galactic militia and declare martial law."
Federation commander says: "Yes, sir."
Federation commander says: "Uh, what should I pay them with?"
Federation worker 2 says: "Their payment is the honor they'll feel to serve their -- Wait."
Federation worker 2 says: "Who's paying me to yell at this guy?"
Federation worker 3 says: "I can answer that -- for money."
Federation worker 1 says: "I never thought I'd live to see this day."
Panicked murmuring .
Galactic Federation President says: "Gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen!"
Galactic Federation President says: "There's a solution here you're not seeing."
The president shoots himself in the head.
Federation worker 3 says: "Give me your jacket!"
Federation worker 1 says: "Give me those pants!"
Indistinct shouting   Indistinct shouting .
Female Office Employee says: "There's no rich people or poor people!"
Female Office Employee says: "I want more jackets!"
Gromflomite Office Employee says: "He who controls the pants controls the galaxy!"
Mr. Goldenfold says: "No longer will the insects have domain over surface world!"
Beth says: "Jerry, what the hell is happening?!"
Beth says: "!"
Jerry says: "The galactic government collapsed."
Beth says: "Are you okay?"
Jerry says: "Look, I-I'm not proud to share this, but the truth is, I just kept crawling, and it kept working."
Jerry says: "Oh, I'm glad you're okay."
Jerry says: "Are we ever going to stop paying for indulging your father?"
Jerry says: "Our children, our planet, our jobs?"
Jerry says: "Is there anything left to lose?"
Beth says: "Just each other, and I'll never let you go."
Beth says: "And I'm so sorry I ever did this to us."
Rick says: "Guess who dismantled the government?"
Beth says: "Please don't leave me again."
Rick says: "I never will, baby."
Summer says: "I was right."
Summer says: "He turned himself in on purpose."
Summer says: "It was all part of his plan!"
Rick says: "Jerry, is there any light beer left?"
Rick says: "It's insane what you miss in prison."
Jerry says: "Um.."
Jerry says: "okay."
Jerry says: "No."
Jerry says: "No, no, no."
Jerry says: "Foot down time."
Rick says: "No, you're right."
Rick says: "Where's the vodka?"
Jerry says: "Beth, it's him or me!"
Beat .
Rick says: "Seems like you guys need some privacy."
Rick says: "I'll, uh -- I'll be in the garage."
Transition to garage.
Rick says: "What the fuck?"
Rick says: "Not cool, Jerry!"
Rick says: "A man's garage is his castle."
Workbench Beeps .
Beth says: "Jerry's going to spend some time divorced."
Rick says: "Oh, I-I'm sorry to hear that, sweetie."
Rick says: "I hope I had nothing to do with that."
Beth says: "Oh, God, Dad, that is not your burden to bear."
Beth says: "I feel terrible that I misjudged you."
Beth says: "This is gonna be good for Jerry."
Rick says: "For everybody."
Beth says: "For everybody."
Text whooshes .
Beth says: "I better tend to Jerry before he changes his mind and doesn't move out."
Beth says: "I will leave you two to your adventures."
Summer says: "Oh, my God."
Summer says: "Nancy says they're drawing and quartering aliens in the school courtyard, and it technically counts as patriotism."
Morty says: "Geez!"
Morty says: "Are my parents seriously gonna get divorced?"
Rick says: "Not so fast, Morty."
Rick says: "You heard your mom."
Rick says: "We've got adventures to go on, Morty -- just you and me -- and sometimes your sister and sometimes your mom, but never your dad."
Rick says: "You want to know why, Morty?"
Rick says: "Because he crossed me."
Morty says: "Okay, take it easy, Rick."
Morty says: "T-T-That's dark."
Rick says: "Oh, it gets darker, Morty."
Rick says: "Welcome to the darkest year of our adventures."
Rick says: "First thing that's different -- no more Dad, Morty."
Morty says: "Oh, geez."
Rick says: "He threatened to turn me in to the government, so I made him and the government go away."
Morty says: "Oh, fuck."
Rick says: "I've replaced them both as the de facto patriarch of your family and your universe."
Morty says: "Oh, man."
Rick says: "- without you and your sister, so now you know the real reason I rescued you."
Rick says: "Oh!"
Morty says: "Oh, man."
Morty says: "You're gonna deny it."
Rick says: "- and they'll take my side because I'm a hero, Morty."
Morty says: "Oh."
Rick says: "- and do whatever I say, Morty, forever!"
Rick says: "And I'll -- I'll go out and I'll find some more of that "Mulan" Szechuan teriyaki dipping sauce, Morty."
Morty says: "What are you talking about?"
Rick says: "- Because that's -- that's what this is all about, Morty."
Morty says: "Szechuan?"
Rick says: "That's my one-armed man!"
Rick says: "I'm not driven by avenging my dead family, Morty!"
Rick says: "That was fake."
Rick says: "I-I-I'm driven by finding that McNugget sauce."
Morty says: "McNuggets?"
Rick says: "I want that "Mulan" McNugget sauce, Morty!"
Rick says: "That's my series arc, Morty."
Morty says: "What the hell?"
Rick says: "If it takes nine seasons, I want my McNugget dipping sauce, Szechuan sauce, Morty."
Morty says: "What are you talking about, Rick?"
Rick says: "That's what's gonna take us all the way to the end, Morty."
Morty says: "What are you talking about?!"
Morty says: "!"
Rick says: "Season -- Nine more seasons, Morty."
Rick says: "Nine more seasons until I get that dipping Szechuan sauce."
Morty says: "What is that?!"
Morty says: "!"
Rick says: "For 97 more years, Morty!"
Morty says: "What are you talking about?!"
Morty says: "!"
Rick says: "I want that McNugget sauce, Morty!"
Credits roll.
Tammy says: "Is it ready?"
Gromflomite worker says: "Yes."
Gromflomite worker says: "We can bring it online now."
Tammy says: "Do it."
Birdperson says: "I am Phoenixperson."
Tammy says: "Phoenix Person?"
Tammy says: "Is that what we settled on?"
Tammy says: "I thought we all agreed on Cyberbird."
Gromflomite worker says: "You said you didn't care what he was called as long as we brought him back."
Tammy says: "Yeah, but Phoenixperson?"
Tammy says: "Fine, fuck it."
Tammy says: "Who cares?"
Phoenixperson says: "Ka-kaw!"
Rick and Morty 2013 Episode Scripts   |   More Television Show Episode Scripts.
Read more says: "http://www."
Read more says: "springfieldspringfield."
Read more says: "co."
Read more says: "uk/view_episode_scripts."
Read more says: "php?"