Open in the garage; Rick is working at his desk, while Morty is vacuuming up blue, one-eyed, slug-like creatures that are slithering all over the place.
Rick says: "Don't let any of those things get away, Morty."
Rick says: "If their DNA gets into Earth's food chain, our entire species could be sterilized."
Morty says: "Then why aren't we killing them?!"
Morty says: "!"
Rick says: "Great."
Rick says: "Next time I need a species sterilized, who's gonna do it for me?"
Rick says: "You?"
A purple crystal on the shelf starts glowing and emitting an otherworldly noise.
Morty says: "Oh, Rick!"
Morty says: "I-Is that the Vindibeacon?"
Morty says: "We're being called to assemble by the Vindicators!"
Rick says: "I refuse to answer a literal call to adventure, Morty."
Rick says: "Let it go to voicemail!"
Morty says: "Rick, the Vindicators only call when the universe itself is at stake!"
Morty says: "They're first line of defense against evil!"
Morty says: "They're the guardians of the unguarded!"
Rick says: "They're the writers of their own press releases, Morty!"
Rick says: "They're a bunch of drama queens that spend an hour talking and twenty minutes jumping around while shit blows up."
Rick says: "They're a phase."
Rick says: "We did one, it was the big event of that summer."
Rick says: "Let it die."
Morty says: "I, Morty Smith, invoke my right to choose one in every ten Rick and Morty adventures."
Morty says: "Read 'em and weep."
Rick says: "God..."
Rick says: "fuckin' dammit!"
Morty says: "Vindicator command ship, beacon received!"
Morty says: "We're doing Vindicators Twoooooooooo!"
Rick says: "Whoops!"
Rick says: "Uh, Morty, you might want to freeze some sperm."
Open on an establishing shot of the Vindicator command ship.
Supernova says: "Vindicators, Worldender is back..."
Cut to inside the ship's briefing room, where the Vindicators are sitting at a round table with a holographic diagram of Worldender in the center; Supernova is floating and explaining the situation.
Supernova says: ".."
Supernova says: "and this time, he's out to end more than worlds."
Supernova says: "We have reason to believe his stronghold is located on..."
Rick says: "My balls."
Morty says: "Rick!"
Supernova says: "..."
Supernova says: "the Terraneus system."
Supernova says: "Once in range, Million Ants will scan for pheromone activity, which should lead us to the location of the base."
Rick says: "Oh, that's Million Ants."
Rick says: "I can't see the ants over here."
Rick says: "It just assumed that was, uh, Turd Man."
Rick says: "Wiggly Turd Man."
Morty says: "Rick, stop!"
Supernova says: "Rick, you have something to add to the briefing?"
Rick says: "Uh, yeah, just a few more design notes."
Rick says: "Um, this guy."
Rick says: "The, uh..."
Rick says: "The, uh..."
Crocubot says: "I am Crocubot."
Rick says: "Right, Crocubot."
Rick says: "So, you're half-cold, unfeeling reptile, half-also cold, equally-unfeeling machine."
Crocubot says: "Yes."
Rick says: "So, you're origin is what?"
Rick says: "Y-You fell into a vat of redundancy?"
Noob-Noob says: "Got damn!"
Supernova says: "Noob-Noob, we're having a briefing!"
Supernova says: "If I can continue, Rick."
Supernova says: "I anticipate sophisticated security measures."
Supernova says: "I trust you can be of service there."
Rick says: "Well, let me check my list of powers and weaknesses."
Rick says: "Ability to do anything..."
Rick says: "But only whenever I want..."
Rick says: "Yeah, that sounds like a job for me."
Alan says: "I wish he had the ability to check is attitude."
Rick says: "Alan Rails, ladies and gentleman."
Rick says: "After his parents' tragic death in a railroad accident, he gained the power to summon ghost trains."
Rick says: "It's not all bad, though."
Rick says: "They were spared having to see their grown son wear a whistle!"
Noob-Noob says: "Got damn!"
Rick says: "Thanks, Noob-Noob!"
Rick says: "This guy gets it."
Morty says: "Vance Maximus, Renegade Star Soldier!"
Vance tosses the glass and zaps it out of existence with a laser arm cannon.
Vance says: "Sorry I'm late."
Vance says: "It was happy hour."
Everyone laughs.
Morty says: "Happy hour."
Rick says: "Uh, I was also late because of my drinking and mentioned it to zero applause."
Vance says: "Rick Sanchez, Tinkerer of Terror."
Vance says: "Man, that's hard to say."
Vance says: "And..."
Vance says: "Morty, right?"
Morty says: "Whoa, yeah!"
Vance says: "I never forget a kid."
Vance says: "What do you say, Vindicators?"
Vance says: "Let's make this three for three?"
Everyone but Rick and Morty cheers.
Morty says: "Did he say "three for three"?"
Rick says: "Did he say he never forgets a kid?"
Morty says: "You mean "two for two", right, Vance?"
The Vindicators exchange looks.
Supernova says: "Actually, we assembled a second time last summer to fight Doomnomitron."
Morty says: "So, this is..."
Morty says: "Vindicators 3?"
Morty says: "And you guys did Vindicators 2..."
Morty says: "w-without us?"
Million Ants says: "I sense..."
Million Ants says: "insecurity."
Vance says: "Are you sure there's not just a picnic nearby."
Everyone but Rick and Morty laughs.
Rick says: "I guess he found his crowd."
Rick says: "Pretty toothless stuff, guys."
Open on an establishing shot of the command ship.
Cut to inside the bedroom where Rick and Morty are staying; Rick is brushing his teeth in the bathroom, while Morty sits in his bed reading an article on an iPad-like tablet.
Rick says: "I hope you're happy with the adventure so far, Morty."
Rick says: "These guys are even lamer than last time."
Morty says: "We weren't here "last time", remember?"
Morty says: "They did a whole Vindicators without us."
Morty says: "A bunch of them got killed, too."
Morty says: "They lost Lady Katana, Calypso, Diablo Verde..."
Rick says: "Yikes."
Rick says: "Yeah, things did feel less diverse in there."
Morty says: "This article says the reason we weren't involved was..."
Morty says: ""personality conflicts"."
Rick says: "Don't worry, Morty, they love you."
Rick says: "Superheroes need a wide-eyed unremarkable to tag along and react to everything like it's mind-blowing."
Morty says: "I..."
Morty says: "think the personality conflict might have been..."
Morty says: "you."
Rick says: "Jesus..."
Rick says: "How awesome is that?"
Rick says: "I mean, they wanted to not need me so bad, they murdered three innocent heroes of color, and they still had to bring me back?"
Morty says: "Rick, since it's my adventure and all, could you do me a favor?"
Rick says: "Uh, the adventure is the favor, Morty."
Rick says: "Me sleeping on these linens is the favor."
Rick says: "I mean, w-w-w-what--what are we vindicating?"
Rick says: "Comfort?"
Morty says: "Rick, this really bums me out."
Morty says: "It-It's embarrassing to find out these guys don't like us."
Rick says: "Why?"
Rick says: "Morty,  I defeat gagoos more powerful than these guys every week."
Morty says: "Yeah, but not heroes."
Rick says: "Oh, please."
Rick says: "They just call themselves heroes so they can..."
Morty says: "I'm calling them that, Rick!"
Morty says: "They're my heroes!"
Morty says: "Mine!"
Rick is visibly hurt by Morty's remark.
Rick says: "Huh..."
Rick says: "no accounting for taste."
Rick says: "I'm gonna go get a drink."
Rick fires his portal gun and enters the portal; Morty turns off the lights and goes to sleep.
Open on an establishing shot of the command ship the next morning.
Inside the bedroom, the lights go on and Morty wakes up.
PA System says: "Good morning, Vindicators."
PA System says: "Ship has arrived at Terraneus system."
PA System says: "All Vindicators report to the..."
PA System says: "briefing room."
PA System says: "The--The room from the, uh..."
PA System says: "the..."
PA System says: "Uh, it's the d--It's a different room than--than..."
PA System says: "conference room."
PA System says: "I'm sorry, it's my first day as a PA system."
PA System says: "First day jitters."
In the briefing room, Morty walks in to find the Vindicators looking down at Rick, who is passed out on the table with his pants down and lying in puddles of his own diarrhea.
Morty says: "Oh, God."
Supernova says: "Good morning."
Supernova says: "Looks like your grandpa had a long night."
Supernova says: "Crocubot, why don't you escort Mr."
Supernova says: "Sanchez to a more comfortable spot so that someone can..."
Supernova says: "clean up his diarrhea."
Crocubot picks up Rick and carries him out of the room; Noob-Noob walks in carrying firearms and ammunition.
Noob-Noob says: "Whoa, I'm nervous about my first mission."
Supernova says: "Actually, Noob-Noob, you have a new mission."
Noob-Noob says: "Got..."
Noob-Noob says: "damn."
Supernova says: "Vindicators, prepare for arrival."
The team disperses while Noob-Noob gets to cleaning; Vance approaches Morty.
Vance says: "Morty, the Vindicators and I had a chat this morning and I'm afraid we need to make a little change."
Morty says: "I-I totally get it."
Morty says: "I-I'm so sorry."
Vance says: "You should be."
Vance says: "Running around in a yellow t-shirt like you're not one of us?"
Vance says: "Disgraceful."
Morty says: "I-I-I..."
Morty says: "I'm not a superhero."
Vance says: "Cop a squat, chief."
Vance says: "Everyone in the universe is a hero."
Vance says: "All you have to do is know the difference between good and bad, and root for good."
Morty says: "Rick says "good" and "bad" are artificial constructs."
Vance says: "Yeah, well, I get the feeling..."
Vance says: "he kind of needs that to be the case."
Vance says: "Not coming, Noob-Noob?"
Noob-Noob says: "Ohh!"
Noob-Noob says: "No, uh, I..."
Noob-Noob says: "I got stuff to do here."
The ship passes by the planet's surface, and the Vindicators hop out and land safely on the ground at the entrance to Worldender's hideout; Morty is riding on Million Ants, while Crocubot is holding a passed-out Rick; various drones advance toward the team.
Vance says: "Security drones, inbound."
Supernova says: "Star Mother, grant me your wrath!"
She creates a triangular portal, from which shooting stars emerge and eliminate the drones; the team runs toward the entrance, only to find it has no door.
Alan says: "All aboard!"
He blows on his whistle, summoning a ghost train that plows a hole through the mountain and creates an entrance; the team goes inside and finds a wall of dripping lava; Million Ants is able to alter his form to pass through and disable the machine that makes the lava; the team continues moving; Million Ants turns a corner and is hit with bullets from automatic turrets, leaving holes in his form.
Million Ants says: "Aah!"
Million Ants says: "Gun turret."
Supernova says: "Are you all right?"
Million Ants says: "Yes."
Million Ants says: "I only lost 400 ants."
Million Ants says: "My queen is laying more."
Million Ants says: "I am back to one million ants."
Supernova says: "Someone wake up Sanchez."
Crocubot lays Rick down; Vance sprays a puff of blue gas from a finger gun on him, waking him up.
Rick says: "Ugh!"
Rick says: "Oh, Christ..."
Supernova says: "Rick, you're up."
Rick says: "Barely."
Supernova says: "Rick, we're taking fire from an automated turret."
Supernova says: "Can you bring it offline?"
Rick says: "Uh-huh."
Rick takes out a thermos-like container and opens it; he pours some red chemical into a small container, and it generates a small, plump alien creature; he lift sit over his eyeballs and squirts red liquid from it like an dropper, and it pops.
Rick says: "Uh, my God, that's better."
Supernova says: "RICK!"
Rick says: "Hey, I can't help if I can't see."
Rick takes out a small roving device that goes out to face the turrets; the bullets go through a gooey, mercury-like disc at the top of it; the goo is pulled into the device, and out come thin silver discs that morph into small robots, who climb onto the turrets and plug the barrels; Rick jumps out and strikes a "ta-da" pose; the plugged turrets fire until they explode.
Alan says: "I could've just used a ghost train."
Rick says: "Really?"
Rick says: "You don't say."
Rick says: "You would have used a ghost train?"
Rick says: "Hey, everybody, the ghost train guy would have used a ghost train!"
The team begins to press forward.
Alan says: "Man, fuck you."
Rick says: "Is there coffee?"
Rick says: "Hey, Morty, can you be a pal?"
Rick says: "Grandpa left his coffee maker on the ship."
Rick says: "Y-You know, the French press thing?"
Morty says: "Get it yourself."
The team makes their way through the malls leading to Worldender's lair.
Rick says: "Little extra  snippy this morning, aren't you?"
Morty says: "Just focus on the mission, all right?"
The team enters Worldender's lair and are shocked to find his henchmen massacred.
Alan says: "Son of a steam engine!"
Alan says: "They're all dead!"
Crocubot says: "Why would Worldender do this to his own men..."
Crocubot says: "and several women?"
Vance says: "Well, he is the Worldender."
Vance says: "The guy ends worlds."
Vance says: "Kind of his thing."
Rick says: "Ooh, real scared."
Rick says: "Real fucking on alert, high alert over here."
Rick steps on a part of the floor that triggers the appearance of a hook with a mortally-wounded Worldender hanging from it; his stomach is ripped open with his guts spilling out.
Vance says: "What the FUCK?!"
Vance says: "!"
Supernova says: "It's Worldender!"
Supernova says: "What happened to him?"
Million Ants says: "I sense his life force is fading."
Rick says: "Million Ants, ladies and gentleman!"
Rick says: "The ant colony with the power of two human eyes!"
Worldender coughs up an organ and dies.
Rick says: "All right."
Rick says: "Short mission, good mission."
Rick says: "Remember when Alan wanted to use a ghost train?"
Rick says: "See you guys in Vindicators 4."
Rick says: "Morty?"
Morty says: "Rick, whoever did this is an even bigger threat than Worldender!"
Morty says: "We can't leave now!"
Supernova says: "He's right."
Supernova says: "This is far from over."
Rick says: "Well, have fun with that."
Rick says: "But Morty and I have to meet a comet girl, a monorail man, two assholes and a full alligator in, like, an hour."
The windows in the lair fall shut by themselves; the team readies their powers for battle; Rick reaches into his coat for his portal gun; the scene briefly cuts away to his bathroom on the ship, where the portal gun is lying next to a vomit-filled sink.
Rick says: "Shit."
Million Ants says: "I sense the presence of a greater evil."
A giant monitor lowers; on the screen is Rick, drunk off his ass, adjusting the camera and stepping back.
Drunk Rick says: "Check, check, One, two."
Drunk Rick says: "Okay, is it recording?"
Drunk Rick says: "Good."
Drunk Rick says: "Hello, Vindicators."
Drunk Rick says: "Welcome to your reckoning, babyyyyyyyy!!"
Everyone turns toward Rick.
Rick says: "Welp, it's official."
Rick says: "I had too much to drink last night."
Cut to black; end of Act One.
Open on the team watching Drunk Rick on the monitor.
Drunk Rick says: "If you guys are watching this, you're, you know, the Vindicators."
Drunk Rick says: "So now that we know..."
Vance says: "Rick?"
Vance says: "What's going on, buddy?"
Rick says: "Obviously, I came here last night during a blackout."
Supernova says: "Obviously?"
Supernova says: "You came here and defeated our arch-nemesis while so drunk, you don't remember doing it?"
Supernova says: "That's something obvious to you?"
Rick says: "Look, I'm a lit-- little more complex than you guys and, no offense, but I've always suspected that a lot of what you do in a year could be knocked out in a couple of hours."
Drunk Rick says: "..."
Drunk Rick says: "So I thought, why not just do your job for you so we can have a little fun game."
The team turns to the left; a spotlight shines on a game show board with crude drawings of the Vindicators with descriptive cards below them, plus a countdown clock timed at 3 minutes above it.
Morty says: "Rick, is-is this a "Saw" thing?"
Morty says: "Are you seriously "Saw"-ing the Vindicators?"
Rick says: "Morty I'm a drunk, not a hack."
Drunk Rick says: "If you break the rules, lose the game or try to leave, you will die."
Drunk Rick says: "Like in  "Sawwww"."
Drunk Rick says: "Okay, here we go, room number one."
Drunk Rick says: "The Vindicators are known throughout the galaxy, but do they know yourselves?"
Drunk Rick says: "Do you know yourselves?"
Drunk Rick says: "Match your..."
Drunk Rick says: "your shit, your..."
Drunk Rick says: "your gimmicks with your faces and y-you get it, it's a matching thing."
Drunk Rick says: "And do it in three minutes, or you'll  all die."
Rick returns; the clock begins counting down.
Vance says: "Screw this."
Vance says: "I'm not playing his game."
Vance says: "I'm gonna find us a way out of here."
Rick says: "Whoa, whoa, whoa."
Rick says: "Hold on, Vance."
Rick says: "He said you'd die if you tried to leave."
Rick says: "That means there's booby traps."
Vance says: "Why are you acting like that's not you?!"
Vance says: "!"
Rick says: "What part of "blackout" don't you understand?"
Rick says: "I thought you drank?"
Vance says: "Like cool drinking!"
Vance says: "Like sexy drinking, not this psycho trailer-park shit!"
Morty says: "Vance, stay calm..."
Vance says: "Oh, so you're the leader now because we gave you a jacket?!"
Vance says: "!"
Vance says: "You're the learning-disabled kid we do photo-ops with!"
Morty says: "Okay, ouch, but..."
Vance says: "Okay, this..."
Vance says: "this is triggering me."
Vance says: "I need space."
Vance says: "I-I need SPACE!"
Vance says: "FROM THIS!"
Vance flies up to the ceiling, tears open a grate and tries to enter the ventilation duct; rapid-fire gunshots, electrical crackles, a chainsaw, and a slicing blade are heard from within as blood and bones fall from above; the team looks on in horror as Vance's lower half falls to the floor; one of his rocket boots suddenly turns on and his remains go flying across the room, splattering blood everywhere, until Crocubot destroys them it with his eye laser; a furious Alan holds Rick up by his throat and raises his fist.
Alan says: "Give me one good reason why I shouldn't crush your windpipe!"
Rick says: "Because my epidermis is laced with a nanofiber defense mesh."
Rick says: "And because, like I said, I don't remember last night."
Alan says: "I told you not to invite this mummified motherfucker back!"
Rick says: "Alan, I'm not proud of what's happening here, but if you keep coming at me, there's gonna be another passenger on that ghost train."
Morty says: "Guys!"
Morty says: "I've figured it out."
Drunk Rick says: "Congrats!"
Drunk Rick says: "You did it-- it!"
The doors to the next room open.
Morty says: "It was a bit."
Morty says: "All of the descriptors apply to all of you."
Morty says: "Drunk Rick's point is that none of you are very special or different."
Morty says: "That's always his point."
Supernova says: "Let's just get through this as quickly as possible."
Supernova says: "Then, we'll deal with the two of you."
Everyone starts to walk into the next room.
Morty says: "The two of us?!"
Morty says: "!"
Morty says: "I hope you're proud of yourself!"
Rick says: "Uh, I kind of am."
Rick says: "I saved the goddamn universe."
Morty says: "That's not the issue, Rick!"
Rick says: "Ahh, it would've been if I hadn't."
The next room, contains a metal platform; another monitors lowers, showing Drunk Rick wearing a deerstalker cap.
Drunk Rick says: "The Vindicators say their job is..."
Drunk Rick says: "is to fight evil wherever it hides, but they don't..."
Drunk Rick says: "pick the location you'll..."
Drunk Rick says: "you'll never even hear them mention, because to fight darkness is to fight yourself."
A holographic map projection of the galaxy appears on the platform.
Crocubot says: "Oh, I know this!"
Crocubot says: "Dorian 5!"
Supernova says: "Crocubot, don't!"
Crocubot says: "There's no other possible answer."
Crocubot says: "My mechanical and reptilian logic are certain of it."
He picks Dorian 5 on the map and faces the team; the two sides of the platform suddenly clap together and crush him to death, spraying blood and guts on the others.
Rick says: "Huh, I'm seeing more croc than bot here."
Supernova says: "Goddammit!"
Morty says: "Uh, what happened on Dorian 5?"
Supernova says: "Nothing!"
Alan says: "Nothing?!"
Alan says: "!"
Alan says: "We exterminated a planet!"
Morty says: "W-Wait, huh?"
Supernova says: "Doomnomitron was hiding here!"
Supernova says: "He's a shapeshifter!"
Supernova says: "Destroying Dorian 5 was the only way to kill him!"
Drink Rick says: "Come on, guys, we're all thinking it."
Drink Rick says: "Don't..."
Drink Rick says: "Don't make me say it."
Rick says: "You know,  that."
Supernova says: "I'm not the one that didn't want you back."
Supernova says: "Alan was!"
Alan says: "If you lay those deaths at my doorstep one more time..."
Million Ants says: "Do not threaten her!"
A "ding" sound is heard.
Drunk Rick says: "Congrats, you did it!"
The doors to the next room open; Morty has chosen Israel on the map.
Supernova says: "What the hell is Is-ra-el?"
Morty says: "I-It's just something Rick starts talking about whenever he's blackout drunk."
Rick says: "W-What?"
Rick says: "In w--In w-w-what--In what way?"
Rick says: "Like, w-w-what's my point?"
Morty says: "In a way that has no point!"
Morty says: "You just babble about defense budgets and the United Nations, and then you pass out!"
Rick says: "So, to be clear, I sometimes reference the geopolitical complexities of the topic, which is not the same as going to an anti-Semitic place."
Million Ants says: "I have no stake in this."
Rick says: "I don't either."
Rick says: "I-I'm just saying, if anything, the drunk version of me is probably so supportive of Israel, he wants what's best for it and..."
Million Ants says: "Hey, man, I'm not touching this."
Million Ants says: "You do you."
Everyone walks into the next room.
Everyone goes into the next room; the doors close behind them; another monitor is there showing Drunk Rick wearing a Hawaiian t-shirt and holding a coconut drink.
Drunk Rick says: "Aloha..."
Drunk Rick says: "means hello and goodbye in Hawaii."
Drunk Rick says: "But, uh, aloha means..."
Drunk Rick says: "has nothing to do with this room."
Drunk Rick says: "I'm so fucking drunk."
Drunk Rick says: "Ugh, okay, here's the deal."
Drunk Rick says: "I-I want to rest my eyes for a little bit."
Drunk Rick says: "I'm--I'm not going to sleep."
Drunk Rick says: "I just..."
Drunk Rick says: "just need to rest my eye, so let's make this one simple."
Drunk Rick says: "Just try to hit some three-pointers."
A light turns on to reveal a basketball hoop, as well as a neutrino bomb and a countdown clock set a five minutes.
Drunk Rick says: "let's say..."
Drunk Rick says: "you have to hit..."
Drunk Rick says: "five three-pointers in..."
Drunk Rick says: "five minutes or, I don't know, the whole place--the whole planet will get blown up with a n-neutrino bomb."
Drunk Rick says: "And try to make it a-a lesson about yourselves like, like how..."
Drunk Rick says: "selfish you a-are, or something."
Drunk Rick says: "Also, Hawaii."
Rick says: "Morty, how many of these..."
Rick says: "?"
Morty says: "Too many, Rick!"
Morty says: "Too many!"
Rick says: "Man, I am really getting high-roaded today."
The remaining Vindicators start playing; Million Ants tosses a basketball, and Supernova levitates it over the hoop and drops it; a "ding" is heard and a digital counter on the wall counts up one shot.
Drunk Rick says: "That's a three-pointer!"
Alan says: "Nice shot."
Million Ants says: "Thank you."
Alan says: "You two make quite a team."
Supernova says: "We all do."
Alan says: "Yeah, I guess."
Million Ants and Supernova make another shot; a "ding" is heard and the counter counts up one shot.
Drunk Rick says: "That's a three-pointer!"
Alan says: "But you guys have always had a..."
Alan says: "an unspoken bond."
He throws the ball into Million Ants' form; he pulls it out of him.
Alan says: "I mean, really unspoken."
Alan says: "Like, "let's-not-tell-my-husband" unspoken."
Million Ants tosses the ball and misses; a buzzer is heard.
Supernova says: "We aren't married anymore, Alan."
Alan says: "Sure, but were we married when you two were "stranded" on Delphi 6 for three days?"
Alan says: "Because I sensed something was weird when you can back."
Alan says: "But what do I know about sensitivity?"
Alan says: "I'm just a phantom train conductor."
Alan says: "You're the pile of ordinary bugs that fucked my wife!"
Million Ants makes a shot; a "ding" is heard and the counter counts up one shot.
Drunk Rick says: "That's a three-pointer!"
Meanwhile, Rick and Morty are still trying to disable the bomb.
Rick says: "Where the fuck is the lead wire?!"
Rick says: "!"
Morty says: "You always put it in the weirdest place!"
Morty says: "Um, uh, over here, maybe?"
Rick says: "Jesus Christ, what a shitty neutrino bomb."
Rick says: "It's a miracle I actually every destroy anything."
Morty says: "Oh, I don't know."
Morty says: "You managed to destroy just about everything today; the villains, the heroes, the lines between them, my childhood..."
Rick says: "Thank you."
Rick says: "I appreciate it, Morty."
Rick says: "I know you were sucking the Kool-Aid out of the Vindicators' dicks, so the fact that I was right about them must be pretty hard to admit."
Morty says: "Yeah, it is."
Morty says: "You know why, Rick?"
Morty says: "Because when you're an asshole, it doesn't matter how right you are, nobody wants to give you the satisfaction."
Rick says: "I know."
Rick says: "Everyone wants people they like to be right."
Rick says: "That's why popular people are fucking dumb."
Rick says: "And why your pretentious, poorly-written, high-budget friends back there can eat a double-decker shit sandwich."
Rick says: "Disarmed."
Morty says: "Holy shit."
Morty says: "You're jealous."
Back on the court, the remaining Vindicators are still arguing.
Supernova says: "YES!"
Supernova says: "Is that what you want to hear?!"
Supernova says: "!"
Alan says: "Did it feel good?!"
Alan says: "!"
Alan says: "Did you like his six million wriggling legs more than my tragedy-stricken, half-ghost, half-tumescent penis?!"
Alan says: "!"
Million Ants alters his form to make the ball and himself go through the hoop; a "ding" is heard and the counter counts up one shot.
Drunk Rick says: "That's a three-pointer!"
Morty says: "Guys, stop!"
Morty says: "You're just proving my asshole grandpa right!"
Supernova says: "You wish this was about sex!"
Supernova says: "We loved each other!"
Supernova says: "We had a child together."
Alan says: "WHAT?!"
Alan says: "!"
Supernova says: "I conceived a child with Million Ants and it died inside me because it as HALF A MILLION ANTS AND HALF COLLAPSING STAR!"
Supernova says: "And yes, he was better than you!"
Alan says: "Yeah?"
Million Ants says: "One million times better!"
Alan says: "ALL ABOOOOOOARD, MOTHERFUCKER!!!"
He tries to pull a powerful punch on Million Ants, whose ants disperse to avoid getting hit.
Supernova says: "STOP!"
She conjures a purple force field to trap Alan and Million Ants in; Million Ants enters a screaming Alan's mouth, causing his body to expand until he bursts; and blood and guts splatter everywhere and cover Rick and Morty.
Rick says: "Oof!"
Rick says: "Didn't see that comin'."
Supernova says: "Is that sarcasm?!"
Supernova says: "!"
Supernova says: "I don't want you slipping away then this is over!"
Supernova says: "All of these deaths are on your hands!"
Rick says: "Oh, come on, maybe a couple of them, but definitely not the train guy."
Supernova hits Rick in the groin with one of the miniature celestial bodies orbiting her, making him double over in pain.
Supernova says: "All of them."
Rick says: "O-kayyy..."
Million Ants alters his form to make the ball and himself go through the hoop; a "ding" is heard and the counter counts up one shot.
Drunk Rick says: "Congrats, you did it!"
The team or, rather, what's left of it enters the enxt room; the doors close behind then, inside is a platform and another monitor with Drunk Rick on it.
Drunk Rick says: "All right, by now, I've been pretty clear that I think the Vindicators are  full of shit."
Drunk Rick says: "But..."
Drunk Rick says: "you do have one thing I'll never have."
Drunk Rick says: "And that thing is the only part of the Vindicators with any value to me."
Drunk Rick says: "If you know what it is, place it on the platform."
Drunk Rick says: "Guess wrong and the pla..."
Drunk Rick says: "planet will explode."
Drunk Rick says: "And probably the solar system, 'cause I kind of fucking eyeballed the neutrino bombs on this one."
Supernova says: "So what's the trick?"
Supernova says: "Morty, you're the Drunk Rick expert."
Morty says: "I think..."
Morty says: "no matter what we put on there, we die."
Morty says: "He said it's the part of the Vindicators he values."
Morty says: "That means nothing."
Morty says: "He wants our last moment alive to be spent knowing how few fucks he gave."
Supernova says: "Jesus!"
Supernova says: "Okay, open to second opinions!"
Rick says: "I could--It could be Morty."
Morty says: "What?"
Rick says: "Hey, I don't know."
Rick says: "I mean, look, when I get drunk, I get stupid and emotional and there's no logic to it."
Rick says: "It's, like, possible I got so drunk, I felt like I was losing Morty to the Vindicators, and maybe this is my way of saying "Okay, you can have him, but only if you know how important he is, otherwise I'll kill you."
Million Ants says: "That is a..."
Million Ants says: "really specific guess."
Rick says: "Look, I..."
Rick says: "there's nothing in the room but us."
Rick says: "I'm just using logic to connect some dots."
Rick says: "It's the best guess I've got."
Supernova says: "But you're betting our lives on it."
Morty says: "I'll cover that bet."
Morty says: "I get it."
Rick says: "Well, Morty, I think you're making that smirky face because you're misinterpreting the moment."
Rick says: "I am not being coy about some hidden love for you."
Rick says: "I want to be really clear that, if anyone has a better guess, like, if I gave you an amulet last night, or..."
Morty steps on the platform; a "ding" is heard and everyone else sighs in relief; the platform suddenly opens underneath Morty and a chair pops up for him to sit on; the chair goes down and the platform closes.
Rick says: "Oh, shit."
Underneath the platform, the chair powers Morty into a rocket-shaped cart; it starts moving forward like a dark ride at a theme park; he passes through a cardboard cutout environment depicting giant monsters destroying a city.
Drunk Rick says: "Sorry, I'm..."
Drunk Rick says: "not good at goodbyes."
Drunk Rick says: "It looks like I'm never gonna see you again."
Drunk Rick says: "I can't really roll with the hero types, and I don't..."
Drunk Rick says: "th-they don't want me around."
Drunk Rick says: "But I want..."
Drunk Rick says: "you to know, even if I didn't show it at the time, II really appreciated you sticking by me."
Some doors open up to reveal the end of the line; a ramp leads to cardboard cutouts haped like a pair of hands with a rainbow painted on them; a monitor appears with Drunk Rick on it.
Drunk Rick says: "Goddammit, why am I crying?"
Drunk Rick says: "It makes no sense."
Drunk Rick says: "Ugh, y-you're probably confused because we barely know each other..."
Drunk Rick says: "..."
Drunk Rick says: "but you really stuck your neck out  when you gave me props for my awesome jokes in the briefing room."
Drunk Rick says: "Everybody else had their heads so far up their ass."
Drunk Rick says: "Even my own grandson is like, "Oh, the Vindicators are so cool."
Drunk Rick says: "" I mean, he's a moron, it's their..."
Drunk Rick says: "demographic."
Drunk Rick says: "But you're different, Noob-Noob."
Morty says: "..."
Morty says: "Motherfucker!"
Drunk Rick says: "You're fucking cool!"
Drunk Rick says: "And you're smart!"
Drunk Rick says: "And I bet we coulda hung out and shit!"
Drunk Rick says: "And I hope you get to be a full-fledged Vindicator!"
Drunk Rick says: "A-And d-do me a favor."
Drunk Rick says: "Do-Don't let him know I..."
Drunk Rick says: "I got emotional."
Drunk Rick says: "But you can tell him one thing."
Drunk Rick says: "Tell him I said..."
Drunk Rick says: "Oh, fuck."
Drunk Rick says: "Okay, I just shit myself."
Drunk Rick says: "Okay, later."
The monitor turns off, the rocket starts going backward.
Supernova, Million Ants and Rick are standing by the platform when a bitter Morty emerges from it.
Rick says: "W--Dude, Morty, what happened i..."
Rick says: "?"
Morty says: "Shut up."
The platform starts to rise.
Million Ants says: "I sense this means we are not dying."
Supernova says: "Not all of us."
She starts to Force-choke Rick and Morty.
Million Ants says: "Sweetheart?"
Supernova says: "Just let Titty-Bean do this, Snuzzles."
Supernova says: "It's for the greater good."
Morty says: "Greater good?!"
Morty says: "!"
Rick says: "Titty-Bean?"
Supernova says: "It's like you said, Morty: there's no right or wrong."
Morty says: "Never said that!"
Supernova says: "It's the galaxy's faith in the Vindicators that keeps the galaxy secure!"
Rick says: "Yeah, I feel safer already."
Morty says: "No doubt."
Morty says: "Who do we make the check out to?"
Rick says: "I'll say, we are gettin' some good licks in while choking to death."
Morty says: "Right?"
Million Ants says: "Titty-Bean, listen to me."
Million Ants says: "When you came to me, I was merely a sentient colony of ants."
Million Ants says: "It was your beliefs, your pursuit of justice, that taught me to be a man."
Supernova stops strangling Rick and Morty; they drop to the floor.
Supernova says: "When did it get so complicated?"
Million Ants says: "Who knows?"
Million Ants says: "But we can make it simple again."
Supernova says: "You were always the romantic."
Supernova says: "Which is why you can't leave either."
She reaches into Million Ants' chest and removes the queen ant.
Supernova says: "Goodbye, my love."
She squishes the queen, causing Million Ants to fall apart and become a non-sentient pile of ants.
Rick says: "Damn!"
Rick says: "She double-crossed Snuzzles!"
Supernova looms over Rick and Morty and prepares to deal a fatal blow.
Supernova says: "Silence!"
Supernova says: "I'm going to enjoy this..."
She is interrupted by the sound of an air horn.
The platform reaches the top and the three suddenly find themselves at a party.
Announcer says: "Let's give a huge thanks to Rick Sanchez for killing Worldender, putting this awesome party together, and for booking one of the hottest talents out there: Logic!"
Rick says: "Look at that."
Rick says: "Geez, I must've planned a whole party."
Rick says: "Invited a bunch of people."
Rick says: "Not bad, Drunk Rick, not bad."
Logic appears on the stage.
Logic says: "Are you ready?"
There's a choo-choo train man, he's rolling down tragedy.
Everybody knowing Supernova fights gravity.
Morty notices Supernova making her way through crowds, pretending to dance with them.
Morty says: "Rick, Supernova's getting away!"
Rick says: "Ah, who cares?"
Morty says: "But.."
Morty says: "she was trying to kill us!"
Rick says: "Morty, twenty people try to kill me every week."
Rick says: "I end up getting high with half of 'em."
Rick says: "I mean, check it out, Gear Head's here."
Gear Head is sampling food at a table; in the background, some teenagers are taking photos with Worldender's corpse.
Gear Head says: "Hmm."
Gear Head says: "Well, that's gonna shoot through me."
Beth says: "Morty, you're wearing a Vindicator jacket."
Beth says: "Are you a little superhero now?"
Morty says: "Everyone in the universe is a hero, Mom."
Morty says: "Which is why we don't need jackets."
Morty says: "And I'm pretty sure we don't need Vindicators."
Gear Head says: "Hey, everybody!"
Gear Head says: "Look who's a Vindicator!"
Summer says: "Man, Grandpa Rick must have gotten shitfaced."
Rick says: "Shut up, Summer."
Crowd says: "Noob-Noob!"
Logic says: "All the bitches come around for..."
Crowd says: "Noob-Noob!"
Logic says: "His dick gets more visits than..."
Crowd says: "YouTube!"
Rick says: "Who the fuck is Noob-Noob?"
Morty turns to Rick with an exasperated expression; cut to credits; Logic's rap continues until the end.
On Gear World, Gear Head, wearing Morty's Vindicator jacket, is hanging out with two Gear girls by a gear cream stand.
Gear Girl #1 says: "I can't believe we're getting gear cream with a Vindicator."
Gear Head says: "So, you girls in Gear college or Gear..."
An explosion occurs offscreen; a frightened citizen runs by.
Gear Citizen says: "Alien terror attack!"
Gear Head says: "Okay, sounds like a job for..."
Gear Head says: "me."
Gear Head says: "I better go get into my alter ego."
Gear Girl #1 says: "So cool!"
Gear Girl #2 says: "I know."
Gear Girl #1 says: "Wait, what alter ego?"
Gear Girl #1 says: "He was already wearing the jacket."
They look into the alley and see that Gear Head had throws away the jacket and is beating a hasty retreat.
Gear Head says: "Gotta know when to hold 'em and..."
He trips on a pile of gears and falls down; he breaks apart as others look on.