Huey: Twenty points!
Dewey: Yeah, I mean whoops. I'm sorry Lena.
Lena: Oh, it's fine.
Louie: Minus five points, because Lena's a good guy now.
Boys: Yeah! Woo hoo!
Webby: Minus a million because she's the best guy now.
Lena: Thanks for helping me set this up.
Webby: Of course. We got everything needed for a sleepover. Sleeping bags, board games, snacks.
Violet: Self defense weapons, all manner of booby trap.
Webby: And a bodyguard at the door. Nothing weird is going to happen at this slumber party.
Lena: Yep, just a totally normal friend-aversery celebration. Webby, we met one year ago today, I think. Time loses all meaning in the infinite night of the shadow realm. (singing)
Oh, happy freind-aversery,
If I didn't have you, it'd be worse for me.
I'm made of shadow, you're made of flesh,
Whoever thought that we would mesh.
Webby: You are a wordsmith. (applause)
Lena: (yawns)
Webby: Aw, you can't be tired yet. (blows out candle)
Lena: Sorry, I just stayed up all night making friendship bracelets. Heh heh.
Louie: Is this a prank or something? Why are you being so nice?
Lena: Pfft, can't I do something nice for my friends. Not everything I say is sarcastic and mean.
Huey: You literally sound like that now.
Lena: That's just my voice. I can't help it.
Webby: (candle reignites explosively) Aahh!
Violet: I found it's clearer to convey no emotion whatsoever.
Lena: Listen, I'm new to this whole good guy thing, and I just want to get it right.
Webby: (blows out candle) Lena, you're the living shadow of Magica De Spell, Scrooge's greatest enemy, and you still turned out good. That makes you extra super good, right?
Dewey: Math checks out.
Webby: You don't have to prove anything to us. Om nom, this is gonna be the best party ever!
All: Yeah!
Huey: Let's eat pure sugar!
opening theme: Louie: (yawn) Boy, this sure has been a friend-aversery thingie. You know who my best friend is?
Dewey: Me?
Louie: Sleep. C'mon even Beakley fell asleep, I think?
Beakley: (Snores with eyes open.)
Webby: It's a spy thing. And yeah, it might be sleepy time.
Lena: Sleep? No, no, no way, it's only 4 am. That's so early.
Violet: Judging from your sunken eyes, elevated heart rate and irritability.
Lena: Your irritability. (balloon pops in the background)
Violet: I'd say you're suffering from a serious lack of sleep.
Lena: Uh huh yeah, because I've been planning so many exciting activities for this party. I'll be surprised if we ever sleep again. (yawn) I'm gonna go splash some cold water in my face. We can party even harder, heh heh.
All: (groggily) Yay.
Lena: It's fine. Everything's fine. Like Webby said, I don't have to prove anything. I'm a good guy now. Bad dreams can't hurt you. (gasp)
Lena sprouts a tuft of black hair and evil looking eyes.
Webby: (knocking) Lena, do you need um, you-know-what paper? Lena?
Lena: No, I'm fine. Just being normal. (uses scissors to cut black hair) Heh heh heh heh heh. So, what did everyone decide on for our next party game?
All: (sleeping)
Webby: Sometimes slumber parties are about getting an extra good sleep because you're surrounded by friends.
Lena: (sigh)
Webby: It's okay. I know your secret.
Lena: You do?
Webby: I used to be scared of the dark too, but I've got glowy stars on the ceiling. (clap clap)
Lena stares at the stars and drifts asleep. Magic emanates from her. The party ends up on an island.
Violet: I'm sorry, where are we?
Webby: (gasp) Facing certain death with my friends on a desert island? I've dreamed of this moment. First, find food. Then we figure out who kidnapped us, and contact the outside world. (breaks open a coconut to find a hamburger) Heh, that's weird.
Louie: Okay, I'm calling Uncle Scrooge. Uh, it's a, ugh. Why can't I remember?
Dewey: Why are you dialing a banana?
Louie: What?
Unicorn: You are the chosen one, Webbigail. Are you ready to enter my extremely extreme obstacle course?
Webby: (gasp) Oh, it's happening. Yeah.
Louie: No! How do we get off this island?
Unicorn: Oh that's easy. Go past the acid rainbow waterfall, take a left at the glitter quicksand pit, and then stroll through poison flower field.
Webby: This is like all my wildest dreams smushed together.
Lena: Dreams? No, no no, maybe Scrooge is testing us. Maybe the plane is crashed nearby.
Violet: Or we're in a lucid shared dream state manifested by your magic. Oh, like her thing made any more sense? Observe. (conjurers a walking violet) Extreme sleep deprivation could upset your magical aura. Have you been having bad dreams?
Lena: Uh, yeah. All week. I thought a slumber party would help me stay up, not pull you into my freaky shadow problems again.
Webby: Lena, we all know you're magic and that's great. We want to be in on your freaky problems. No more secrets, okay?
Lena: Okay. (hides black tuft of hair) No more secrets. I'll get us out of here. Wake up.
Huey: It's bad enough waking a sleep walker. Who knows what waking a dream walker could do?
Violet: I concur. It's best if we stay in the dream until Lena wakes naturally.
Webby: A party in a dream? Best friend-aversery ever! Let's fly because we can!
Louie: I hate walking!
All: Woo hoo!
Lena: (sprouts bat wings) (gasp)
Webby: Lena! You coming?
Lena: Uh, I'll just follow you on foot.
Louie: Up up in the sky, it's me.
Huey and Dewey: Ugh!
Unicorn: Wait, if nobody is around to dream me into existence don't I-
Lena: This is good. Everyone is having fun. I probably grew horrible bat monster wings because of very non-evil reasons. (gasp) Ah ah! Oof!
All: Ha ha ha.
Louie: Ew, Webby. Why is there a school in your dream?
Dewey: (gasp) That's not Webby's dream.
Webby: Woah, nice hair.
Dewey: Thanks. It's alive.
Webby: Ah!
Dewey: This is Dewey High. (singing)
I'm the most wholesome boy in school,
I'm a talented jock everyone thinks is cool,
If TV and movies taught me anything,
When you turn into a teen you just have to sing.
Lena: (sprouts claws and pops basketball) (gasp) Oops.
Dewey: That's okay. Dewey High's got basketballs on tap. This is my favorite dream. Woah, Dewey you're the best, man. Okay, I know it.
Huey: Uh, what's that?
Dewey: I think it's supposed to be my romantic interest, but I'm too threatened by that concept, so it never takes shape.
Romantic Interest: Dewey, let's sing a dew-et.
Dewey: Ahh!!
Romantic Interest: Aw.
Dewey: Here are my singing rivals. They are so self-absorbed. Here's a giant poster of me. This is in all my dreams. I'm like cradled by a moon made of my own tears. Who knows what that's about.
Huey: I have some theories.
Dewey: And this is my mascot. Dewey Dude. Go, go, go, go, go us us, us, oh, we're dewing it. Ha ha ha ha. That guy's the best. And over here is one of a gajillion trophy cases.
Dewey Dude: Lena.
Lena: (gasp) (gasp)
Dewey Dude sheds his costume to reveal...
Magica: Miss me?
Lena: (gasp)
Lena pulls fire alarm which activates sprinkler system.
Dewey: It's time for my big dance number.
Magica: (gasp) (melts away)
Dewey: Oh why did you do that?
Lena: It was an accident.
Dewey: You ruined my big dance, and we'll never have the hallway dry in time for the 11:30 number.
Webby: Come on, Dewey, none of us feel like dancing. Maybe we should move on to the next dream.
Huey: Yeah, I just failed a class on something called Dewology.
Dewey: Well I'm the class valeDEWtorian. A plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus plus...
Huey: I gotta get out of here.
Violet: With enough focus, we should be able to determine where we go next.
Louie: Hmm.
Webby: Louie?
Louie: (as a cat) Mmm, yes?
Huey: This is your dream. to be even lazier?
Louie: I nap all day, I never have to worry about anything, I'm shamelessly pampered. Hm hm hm. Meow. Everyone pat my head. (purring)
Huey: Good kitt-OW!
Louie: Never mind, I don't want that anymore.
Huey: You're asleep? We're in a dream. How are you sleep sleeping?
Louie: (in a dream bubble) Just am.
Webby: Hey, where's Lena?
Lena emerges from the cat door in the form of a gray wolf with purple eyes, still wearing her friendship bracelet, growling. Her eyes turn back to normal as she retains her former complex.
Lena: I don't think I'm doing this right.
The camera moves towards the rest of the kids.
Dewey: Whoa!
Webby: Lena?
Louie jumps up to the top of the couch, scared while screeching and hissing. Violet approaches Lena.
Violet: Fascinating. In dreams, this form can represent Outsider Syndrome. (she checks out Lena's muzzle and teeth as Webby approaches them) Perhaps a violent feral instinct?
Webby: Or she's a pack animal and we're her pack.
Beakley: (distorted) A wolf in our house. I'll get animal control.
Beakley talks to the animal control officer who happens to be Magica De Spell.
Lena: We need to go like right now!
Huey: Okay okay, we can go.
All: Ew, this is unpleasant.
Lena: Ah, ugh, huh. What a nice normal looking dream. Let's stay here.
Dewey: Whose dream is this anyway? It's just a room. It's so bori--aaahh! Why, Huey, why? Why, Huey, why?
Huey: Whatever do you mean? Nothing strange here, just a tall distinguished mature oldest sibling.
Dewey: In what world does that description equal this?
Huey: I'm not good at imagination stuff, okay?
Louie: Don't listen to him. Follow your lame dreams.
Huey: Would you kids like a jar of pickles from the topmost shelf?
Dewey: Nooo!!
All: Sure, okay.
Huey: Ungh, ungh,
Dewey: No, no, no nononono! Oh. Oh no! Ugh!
Huey: Ugh!
All: (cringing)
Dewey: Okay, that's enough. If we can dream it, we can Dewey it, and it's my dream to be in a montage. Infinite back flip.
montage of dream related stuff while Magica plagues Lena's thoughts.
All: PHOOEY!
Lena: Ah! (gasp) Oh, we're in a library?
Violet: My dream is just to read more.
Huey: Awesome!
Quackfaster: Shh!
Huey: (whisper) Awesome.
Lena: (gasp)
Scrooge: (knocking) Wake up kids, what are you lot still doing asleep? It's almost 6 am. Go get some jobs.
Lena: Finally. Well, I guess we're waking up.
Webby: Oh, no. But it was your turn to choose a dream.
Lena: It's fine, really. (gasp) Wake up, wake up, oh no, no. (gasp)
Scrooge: (knocking) Meh, more porridge for me. Sleep tight.
Quackfaster: Shh.
Lena: No, Scrooge, come back!
Webby: Lena, are you okay?
All: Lena? Lena? what's going on? What's wrong? Lena? Lena?
Lena: (falls inside her sweater) Ah ah aaahh!
Webby: Lena!
Dewey: Oh, she's going to be cold without her sweater.
Webby: I'm going in after her.
All: Ah ah ahh oof.
Webby: Is this Lena's dream?
Huey: I think this is more nightmare.
Magica: About time you woke up. I mean not actually woke up because you wouldn't be trapped in a nightmare realm of my grim devising, so.
Lena: No, I was free. You lost your powers. What did you do to me?
Magica: Me? This is all you. Did you think you turn out different than me? I'm trying to save you. You came from me. Evil is in your... whatever shadows have instead of blood. Don't you ever feel like there's something off about you?
Lena: It's just a dream.
Magica: Yes, but it is really me. We're psychically linked, because you know, you, me, same, evil, et cetera.
All: Lena. Coming, Lena, We're coming. Lena, Coming, We're coming to get you.
Lena: Hah. My friends are here. They're going to save me.
Magica: Those dopes are here to stop you like they always try to stop me. Because we're monsters, Lena.
Lena: I'm nothing like you.
Magica hides inside her scepter while Lena transforms into Magica.
Lena: Ahh! Ugh!
Lena as Magica: (Magica's voice) No!
Webby: Magica! What did you do with Lena?
Lena as Magica: No, no, I am Lena. I just look like Magica.
Webby: Stop mocking me.
Lena as Magica: Oh, why does everything I say sound sarcastic?
Webby: Because you're a monster!
Lena as Magica: No! No, I'm not... a monster! (sprouts bat wings)
Magica: Ooh, ironic.
Lena as Magica: Webby, help! (breathes fireball)
Dewey: Take this! Oof!
Lena as Magica: I'm sorry! (breathes another fireball)
Huey: Eh, Ugh!
Louie: Rrrr!
Huey: Ugh!
Lena as Magica: (pushes Webby away from falling chandelier) Ugh!
Webby: (gasp)
Violet: Ugh: Lena as Magica: Ah!
Magica: No matter how hard you fight it, they will always turn on you. Give in. No worrying if you measure up. If you're too flawed. You're tired. Come home to me.
Webby: (notices friendship bracelet) Lena? I'm sorry. I didn't see. Of course it's you. Is this what's been bothering you? That you might become Magica?
Lena: I'm just so tired of fighting it. I am her.
Webby: No you're not. We were trying to destroy you, and you still saved me.
Lena: Yeah, of course I did. Of course I would. She would never-
Magica: What are you doing? Don't listen to her. You are me.
Webby: You're not her. You're you. You put so much pressure on yourself to be good, but you're good enough.
Magica: Give me back my powers, you ungrateful brat!
Lena: (gasp)
All: (struggling)
Dewey: Ew!
All: (struggling)
Magica: No!
All: (started awake.)
Lena: I'm awake! I'm me again! We did it!
Violet: Wait, we should test to be certain that this isn't a dream.
Huey: That's right. We might still be dreaming. (lifts sheets) Ugh, it's fine. Fine, we're awake. It's fine. Whatever.
Lena and Webby notices a drone outside the window.
Lena: Aunt Magica? You really have been creeping in my dreams all week.
Magica: Night after night, I tried to get you to give your powers back to me, but you kept waking up. I thought if you had your "friends" to distract you, you'd stay asleep, but no. You can give my powers back right here, though. Take my hand. We're family. You need me.
Violet: She's wearing some sort of telepathic helmet with a neural frequency amplifier. That's likely how she entered our dreams.
Louie: So you're using some weird doohickey? Isn't magic your whole thing?
Lena: You really don't have any powers left. I don't need you. You need me. You are no longer allowed in my head. Ugh! (destroys helmet) (panting)
Magica: Argh! I'll claw out your soul, grind your heart to dust beneath my heel, and rip my powers out of you with my bare teeth!
Lena: You know, I feel more rested than I have in a long time.
Louie: I could go for a nap.
Magica: You think you've won, but I am your fate. I am the dark force of the core of all things! I am Magica De Spell! Argh!