Episode Info: Transcript: Gallery: Clips: The episode begins in a forest with the Junior Woodchucks gathering around a campfire.
Launchpad: All right, Woodchucks! Happy national s'more day! A very real holiday, according to one source on the internet. Let's get mallowing!
Junior Woodchucks: Yay! [Cheering]
Huey: Okay, 0.8 ounces marshmallow, for every one 2/3 quarter inch graham cracker squares, three minutes per s'more. If we keep s'mores at 1.6 ounces of chocolate per cracker, then we'll have...the perfect s'more!
Bully Beagle: Bleep Blop! I make food for robotic consumption! [Breaks a stick]
Huey: Careful! Those roasting sticks have been cut according to specific junior woodchuck guidelines.
Bully Beagle: I'm adding donuts and cookie dough!
Huey: But...That's not in the recipe!
Bully Beagle: Huebot engage! Uh oh! Need oil can-can-can.
Huey: Not even a modern robot.
Bully Beagle: Try being a kid for once, Huebot!
The Junior Woodchuck Scouts walk away laughing.
Huey: Guys- guys! That's not a textbook...smore.
Huey begins to pick up the sticks around him, until he meets B.O.Y.D.: B.O.Y.D.: Wow! These roasting sticks are cut precisely to woodchuck guidelines!
Huey: Yes! Thank you.
B.O.Y.D.: Hi! I'm Boyd, A definitely real boy!
Huey: Um. I'm Huey, also real.
B.O.Y.D.: Would you like to be friends?
Huey: Sure! Wow, that was easy. B.O.Y.D., why don't you start the campfire?
B.O.Y.D.: Absolutely, pal!
Huey: According to the JWG, following the right procedure-
B.O.Y.D and Huey: Leads to carefree, fun-time leisure!
Huey: You've memorized the guidebook too?
B.O.Y.D.: Practically downloaded it in my head!
Huey: Yes! There's nothing wrong with doing things exactly the right way. That doesn't make us robots. We're just kids.
B.O.Y.D: Definitely! [Uses his laser eyes to light the campfire]
Huey: [Sighs] You get me, B.O.Y.D., We're a rare breed, you and I.
B.O.Y.D begins to glitch out, having a flashback of sorts.
Dr. Akita: [In the flashback, reaching towards B.O.Y.D.] You are a rare breed.
B.O.Y.D.'s laser eyes activate once more, shooting at two trees to the point that they fall down. The lasers harm most of the camp, as well: Cut to the Undersea Lab. Huey and B.O.Y.D enter together, with B.O.Y.D covering his eyes with his hands.
Huey: Hey, Fenton, is Dr. Gearloose around? We've got a, uh, glitchy piece of tech here.
Fenton: Huey, I'm more than an intern, I'm a scientist. I can easily assist you with all of your scientific needs!
Fenton: Who's your friend?
B.O.Y.D: Hi!
B.O.Y.D removes his hands from his face, which causes his laser eyes to go off once more. Fenton quickly puts red-tinted glasses on him.
Fenton: I'll...get Dr. Gearloose.
Cut to Gyro's work area. Fenton approaches him.
Fenton: Dr. Gearloose?
Gyro: Intern.
Fenton: Can we have a word?
Gyro: Oh! Here's two! Leave. Now. Nothing can distract me-
B.O.Y.D.: Dr. Gearloose?
Gyro: [Gasping in shock] Where did you get that thing?!
B.O.Y.D.: I haven't seen you since...I can't remember.
Gyro: Manny! Get this dangerous machine out of my lab!
Manny: [Tapping his hoof against the floor] Which one?
Huey: You know my friend, B.O.Y.D?
Gyro: B.O.Y.D? What idiot called it that? It's name is 2-BO. And yes, I know all about it. It is not your friend, it is not a boy, it is a failed experiment!
Gyro: I helped built 2-BO, years ago in Tokyolk. When I was just a lowly intern for the infamous Dr. Akita.
Fenton: You were an intern like me?
Gyro: Nothing like you.
Huey: Great! You can fix him then!
Gyro opens up B.O.Y.D's chest plate to inspect it.
Gyro: Ah! 2-BO's hard-drive is a mess! I can stop the glitches for now, but it's been overwritten so many times, I can't get to it's core to fix the problem!
Gyro sighs, and walks over to one of the large glass windows.
Gyro: I swore I'd never go back, but left in this state 2-BO could endanger us all. There's only one place that has the equipment we'll need; my mentor's old lab.
B.O.Y.D, Huey, and Fenton all make various declarations of excitement.
Gyro: [Points at Fenton] You're not going, Gizmoduck is. We'll need him to protect us. [Looks towards B.O.Y.D] From it.
Huey: Aren't you overreacting? Look at him! He's a kid, like me! Just...wired a little differently. Besides, dozens of your inventions have tried to kill us, and you always say they're 'wildly misunderstood'!
Gyro: I understand 2-BO all too well. Don't...get too close to it.
Cuts to title card, then to Gyro, Fenton, B.O.Y.D, and Huey walking around Tokyolk.
Gyro: Remember, no one can know we're here. We have to remain discreet.
Right after he says this, a police car pulls up. Inspector Tezuka steps out of it.
Tezuka: Gearloose!
Gyro: Oh no. Hide 2-BO. Ah! Inspector Tezuka! Konichiwa, what are you doing in Tokyo- [He is slammed onto the front of the car] Ow!
Tezuka: Keeping it safe from evil robots. You got a lot of nerve showing your metal-loving mug around here.
Gyro: We both know I was cleared for those crimes- Agh, ow! [He is pushed further against the car]
Huey: Crimes?
Tezuka: But your mentor, Dr. Akita wasn't, so where are you hiding him?!
Gyro: I haven't seen Akita since he disappeared!
Tezuka looks towards Huey and Fenton as they try to hide B.O.Y.D.: Gyro: Important...field trip.
Tezuka: You, bright eyes! What did you say your name was?
B.O.Y.D.: I'm B.O.Y.D, A definitely real boy!
Just as Tezuka gets suspicious of him, Lil bulb distracts her by spray painting some nearby vending machines. She chases after it.
Tezuka: Robot! Stop in the name of the law!
Gyro: Let's keep moving. Quickly, quickly!
In the next scene, everyone is standing outside of an abandoned building.
Huey: Wait, we're not gonna break in here?
Gyro: Of course we're not. Gizmoduck, break through the door.
Fenton goes towards the door, calling for part of the gizmoduck suit.
Fenton: For science! Blah!
Fenton: Easy...Easy...
He blows through the door, coughing.
Fenton: Easy.
They all enter the building, looking around.
B.O.Y.D.: This place is so familiar...
Huey: What is all this?
Gyro: It was Tokyolk's most advanced research lab. This is where 2-BO was built.
Fenton: And where Dr. Gyro Gearloose was born! Was this your lab coat? Was this your stool? Was this your trinocular inverted metallurgical microscope? Ah- Dust in my eye, the dust- aha- of genius!
Gyro: Alright! Knock it off, intern. Let's get to work.
Gyro unveils a machine that looks like a chair] We have to search through all of 2-BO's memories and programming to get to it's core.
Gyro: Then, I can stop this malfunctioning for good.
Huey: (To B.O.Y.D) No need to be scared! Just a normal check-up where we jam wires into your computer to view your digital memories and- okay, this is not even a little normal.
Gyro: We'll analyze 2-BO's memories with it's previous owners, starting with the newest ones.
The screen proceeds to show a number of B.O.Y.D's memories.
Doofus Drake: (In memory) No more gravy baths? I'll show her! B.O.Y.D! Break this with your robo-muscles!
B.O.Y.D: Don't wanna break anything.
Doofus Drake: Then why must you insist on breaking my heart?!
B.O.Y.D: I'm sorry, do you need a hug?
Doofus Drake: No! It's attacking me with love-
Gyro switches to the next memory. B.O.Y.D is sitting in what seems to be a pile of garbage.
Mark Beaks: (In memory, singing to self) Looking through this wreckage, stealin' all the tech and say I made it myself to increase my dumb wealth! Pew, pew pew-
B.O.Y.D.: Pew, pew pew pew pew!
Mark Beaks: No way! A robot boy? Dreams do come true!
B.O.Y.D: Hi, I'm 2-BO, a definitely real boy!
Mark Beaks: Ooh, that's not gonna work for me. Let's see, how about..Beaks..Optimistic..Youth...Droid! B.O.Y.D! Yeah!
B.O.Y.D: A real name? Thank you! (He reaches his arms out for a hug)
Mark Beaks: Okay, no hugs, chief. I do not like touching, and you smell like garbage. Now, into the cart you go!
Cuts back to the present.
Huey: Seems like the little guy has had it tough.
Gyro: It doesn't feel anything. At it's core 2-BO is just a machine.
Lil bulb glows red for a moment before burning out.
Gyro: I told you to get a travel adapter! Come on, I'll find you a replacement here somewhere. The rest of you, stay put!
Huey: Fenton, do you really think B.O.Y.D is just...a dangerous machine?
Fenton: Of course not! He's a machine for good! If we fix his programming, he could be a superhero! Like me!
Something on the Gizmoduck suit begins to blink red, and a voice comes out of it.
Police Radio: Jewelry store robbery in progress. Shinjuku ward.
Fenton: Serendipity. This is his chance. Let's go.
B.O.Y.D.: What's going on?
Fenton: Destiny in the making.
Huey: I don't know about- woah!
Fenton: In retrospect, we probably should have used the first hole.
Akita: A breech at former Akita Labs International. Hmm, how curious. Computer, pause boot. Zoom and enhance. Woosh. Intern? 2.B.O., welcome back.
A jewelry shop is being robbed by two bikers.
Capsule: Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Clown: Ha ha ha.
Fenton: Ha hah, this is great. I mean it's uh, it's obviously very bad, but great for B.O.Y.D. His chance to be a hero. Let's go. Blathering blatherskite!
Gizmoduck: Woah there, I'll go after the big one, you take the other.
Huey: What do we do?
B.O.Y.D.: City bikes, neat and efficient. Hi, bike thing. May I borrow one? Thank you. Huey, hop in. Hurry.
Huey: Oh, but what about you?
B.O.Y.D.: My bones are metal. C'mon.
Huey: Woah!
Gizmoduck: Ooh, uh sumimasen. (excuse me) Ah! ungh, can't move! Ugh.
Gizmoduck extends his arm through the buildings.
Ramen eater: Nani? (what?)
Clown: Huh? Oof!
B.O.Y.D.: Hi, I'm B.O.Y.D. Woah.
Huey: Look out!
Capsule spills oil behind her. B.O.Y.D. creates a ramp with his laser eyes and catches up to her alongside the building. Capsule gets distracted and crashes into a trash heap.
Capsule: Oof! Ugh.
Huey: Woo hoo, Yah hoo!
B.O.Y.D.: So, what do we do now?
Huey: (panting) I, do not know.
Capsule: Ugh, yah.
B.O.Y.D.: Hi, Miss. I think you mistakenly took something that's not yours. Could you please return it?
Capsule: Um, no. Ha ha ha. Later, kid.
Gizmoduck: Good work, B.O.Y.D.. but you fight the criminal before standing down.
B.O.Y.D.: But I don't want want to hurt anybody.
Gizmoduck: It's okay. First time jitters. I'll handle this.
B.O.Y.D.: Ugh, ugh.
B.O.Y.D. short circuits and experiences a flashback.
Gyro: Some first time jitters but I think.
Akita: I'll handle it.
Huey: Oh boy, you're glitching. Let's get you back to the lab. Where's the lab?
Gyro: Why do we always fight on vacation? Here. (sigh) So idealistic. Blah! Alright, let's finish this, and go- HEY! INTERN!!!
Capsule: Ugh!
Gizmoduck: Ah, you caught her. Happy to help- Ah!
Tezuka: You're under arrest for suspected mechanical mayhem in conjunction with this robbery, Robot.
Fenton: No, stop. I'm just a guy with very bruisable skin.
Tezuka: Ugh, Gearloose's partner. I should have known.
Fenton: What do you have against cybernetic citizens anyway?
Tezuka: Oh I don't know. How about the time Gearloose and Dr. Akita destroyed the city with a robot?
Fenton: What? One of Dr. Gearloose's inventions would never... go evil and destroy. (sigh)
Huey: Hah, we're totally lost, and the city is massive. What do we do?
B.O.Y.D.: What a Junior Woodchuck does best, experience the local culture.
Huey: I don't know. We should really be getting you back to the lab.
B.O.Y.D.: We can write down our experiences and analyze them later.
Huey: Mmmmmmhmhhhmms, gah! I'm in!
A montage consting of B.O.Y.D. eating ramen, holding kittens, eating ice cream, taking pictures, riding subway, in a cherry tree forest.
Huey: And that's where the imperial guard stayed. I know what you're thinking. What about ninjas? Well, ninjas were all but extinct by- Are you sure you're not bored? Usually my brothers are begging me to stop.
B.O.Y.D.: Are you kidding? I'm having so much fun! (sigh) What an informative day.
B.O.Y.D. and Huey are atop Tokyolk Tower.
Huey: Yeah, it sure was. B.O.Y.D., I don't think you're a killer robot. You're just a kid.
B.O.Y.D.: That's the nicest thing anyone's said to me.
The wind blows a picture out of their journal. Huey makes a grab for it and accidentally falls off the tower.
Huey: Ah! AAAAHHH!
B.O.Y.D.: Huey!
B.O.Y.D. jumps down, reaches Huey, and converts his feet to thrusters.
Huey: AAAAHHHHH!!!! Huh? Ha ha!
Akita: 2.B.O. is within range. Up, bobobobobobo... Now, the moment of reckoning, shall be- Ahhh, has the sun gotten brighter in the last twenty years? Ugh, so stiff.
Huey and B.O.Y.D.: Ha ha ha ha.
Tezuka: It's you. Backup. I need backup.
Fenton: Huey, step away from B.O.Y.D. You don't know what he's capable of.
Huey: Sure I do. He just saved me with his rocket feet.
Gyro: And that is the problem. Its weapons systems are back online. We wait any longer, and the city is doomed.
Tezuka Gyro and Fenton start arguing with each other. B.O.Y.D. looks dejected.
Huey: Please stop trying to make B.O.Y.D. something he's not. He didn't glitch once while we were having fun. He was just being a kid.
B.O.Y.D.: Doctor Gearloose? Please. I'm a definitely real boy. Why can't you see that?
Gyro: (sigh) Because deep down, you're this. This is 2.B.O.'s core memory. Doctor Akita and I invented 2.B.O. to be the city's prime defense robot, but during the test run, 2.B.O. lost control, and attacked the city until Tezuka finally took it down. 2.B.O. was the first invention I worked on that turned evil, and I have spent my whole life trying to live that down. 2.B.O., B.O.Y.D., whatever, is dangerous down to its core.
B.O.Y.D.: But you said you could fix me, so I'd never malfunction again.
Gyro: Yes, by shutting you down for good.
Huey: B.O.Y.D., run! Get out of here!
B.O.Y.D.: Recall activated.
Gyro: Where is he going? After him!
Akita: 2.B.O., because of you, I've become an outcast, and because of you, I will rise again. Activate Revenge Protocol Omega.
All: (gasp)
Fenton: Blathering blatherskite!
Gizmoduck: 2.B.O.!!!! You don't have to do what Akita tells you. Do what I tell you. Activate arm armor. Aahh! Nothing can match the power of the keen human intellect commanding the gizmoduck armor. Aaah!! Except the perfect computer brain commanding the gizmoduck armor.
Gyro: Intern! Fight better!
Akita: An intern with his own intern. Hm hm hm, now I've seen it all. My gratitude for returning 2.B.O. to its true father.
Tezuka: Akita. Stop in the name of the-
Akita: 2.B.O., Vanquish the inspector.
Huey: Ah!!
Tezuka: No, not again.
Gyro: No, not again. Save Gizmoduck. I've got to destroy 2.B.O. for good.
Huey: You can't! This is not who B.O.Y.D. is. He's a, a definitely real boy!
Gyro: It's just made to look that way. You saw its first memories. At 2.B.O.'s core, it's a weapon.
Huey: Wait, there's more there, hidden under all those old memories.
Gyro: Za ba ba ba ba?
Gyro: All systems online. Welcome to the world, 2.B.O..
B.O.Y.D.: Am I a real boy?
Gyro: Hmm, definitely.
Akita: No, he's not. This is a defense drone.
Gyro: Isn't he more than that? Yes, he's dealing with some first time jitters, but I think-
Akita: No! Now, go prep the monitors for the field test. 2.B.O., you are a rare breed. The ultimate weapon. Override all of Gyro's real boy programming, and execute Protocol World Breaker.
Gyro: (gasp) That was his core until Akita overwrote my work. 2.B.O. never had a choice. You forced him to be a weapon.
Akita: Oh intern, 2.B.O. is and always will be a weapon for destruction, for power, for evil.
Gyro: Not all my inventions are evil! Some are just wildly misunderstood!
Tezuka: (gasp)
While Gyro and Doctor Akita have a slap fight, Gizmoduck is fighting B.O.Y.D. in the air. Several missiles are fired which B.O.Y.D. dodges handily. Both Gearloose and Akita get their glasses knocked off. B.O.Y.D. ends up overpowering Gizmoduck to be tazed by Inspector Tezuka. Akita finds his glasses first and pins Gyro.
Akita: Face it, intern. You'll never invent anything worthwhile. Ugh, no! Ugh.
Lil' Bulb punches Akita and he falls into a recycling bin only to be arrested by Tezuka.
Gyro: 2.B.O.? You are not evil! You are good! You're more than your programming. You are a definitely... real... boy.
Huey, Fenton and Tezuka watch in shock, beleiving it's going to give scientist finishing blow. Gyro kneels and suddenly he tearfully hugs his robotic son. B.O.Y.D. opens his eyes and smiles, having a blue pupils.
Gizmoduck and Huey: Yes! Woo hoo! Ha ha!
Gyro and B.O.Y.D. land. Huey runs towards his friend and embraces him.
Huey: You did it! You chose your programming. Now, all you need is your own real name.
B.O.Y.D.: How about B.O.Y.D.? Be only yourself, dude?
Gyro: (sigh) Yes, intern. I was once like you. Of course, I was a naive idiot back then, but if I had someone to actually listen to me, I might not have been so hopeless, so you're hired full time, Doctor Crackshell-Cabrara.
Fenton: That's not technically how doctorates work, and I don't care.
Gyro: Okay, everybody. The hugging is a just-for-today thing.
B.O.Y.D.: So what should we do next?
Huey: There's at least twelve shrines we haven't documented.
Tezuka: Leave now.
The four leave Tokyolk, Gyro riding on Gizmoduck's back while Huey rides B.O.Y.D.'s.
Huey: Woo hoo!
B.O.Y.D.: Yeah!