(Zooms in on the city of Saint Canard Jack in the box plays. Explosion. Robbers run)
Quackerjack: He, he, he. Child's play.
Megavolt: (Bulbs breaking) No! I will avenge you my bulby brothernine. Who would dare?
Darkwing Duck: I am the terror that flaps in the night. I am the little rollerskate at the base of villaiys stair case. I am Darkwing..Duck!
Quackerjack: Play times over.
Darkwing Duck: and I gotta get a shorter intro.
(Run's after the robbers leaping over rooftops. Swings off, landing on Quackerjack.)
Darkwing Duck: Let's get dangerous!
(Megavolt fires electricity at Darkwing Duck, missing. Liqadator hits him with water. Darkwing uses grapling hook doging their attacks. Megavolt and Liquadator hit each other.)
Megavolt: and: Liquadator: ugh. ugh. ugh...
ugh. ugh. ugh...
(Zooms out showing Darkwing Duck on the TV Dewey Duck is watching.)
Launchpad McQuack: Big day Dewey. Mustard stain or ketchup stain?
Dewey Duck: Mustard looks less like blood. What is this weird show?
Launchpad: Woah, what Darkwing Duck the greatest TV show of all time.
Dewey: Ha, maybe when you were a kid. This hero guy doesn't fly or shoot lasers or anything.
Launchpad: That hero guy is Jim Starling. He was an old school actor who did all his own stunts. Sure he got a little banged up in later seasons.
Darkwing Duck (On the TV)
Ow, o. Keep rolling.
Launchpad: But that just made him even more heroic.
Dewey: Why didn't he just use CGI?
Launchpad: Ha, ha. Real hero's don't need high tech: special effects or basic safety precautions. So, how do I look?
(Dewey gives him a thumbs up. They both get in the car.)
Launchpad: Remember Dewey, a true hero thinks of his gut or not at all. Right D.W?
Darkwing Duck (Bobble Head)
Let's get dangerous!
Dewey: Whats the special occasion anyway?
Launchpad: I finally got my driver's license.
Dewey: Uh, wait what? Ahhhhhhh!
(Launchpad drives through the garage door.)
(Intro plays)
Dewey: (slow motion)
Launchpad: Aghhhhh!
Aghhhhh!
Dewey: Ugh! How are you even a driver without a driver's license?
Launchpad: Hey, come on I got a pilot's license don't I-wait don't I?
Dewey: (sighs) Aren't you worried Scrooge will find out?
Launchpad: You kidding, I had them mail the license straight to him so he'd be the first to know. (sniffs) He's gonna be so proud of me, huh wow.
Dewey: The bin. The bin. The bin slow down!
(Launchpad screeches the car to a halt in a parking space)
Dewey: Breathing heavily.
Launchpad: I bet Mr. Mcdee got some big party planed for my big day. Wouldn't want to ruin the-Surprise, huh. (Bursts into different rooms) Surprise! Supplies. Boy he's really getting my hopes up the payoff is gonna be amazing. Surprise!
Scrooge McDuck: Gyro Gearloose: Shhhhh!
Shhhhh!
Gyro: Quiet! The Gearloose monolithic rail converts oral input into Kinetic propulsion.
Launchpad: Dewey: Bah?
Bah?
Scrooge: Sound power train.
Launchpad: Dewey: Bah.
Bah.
Launchpad: Ah. Sorry Mr. Mcdee, but I thought you might want to hear-
Gyro: I don't want to hear anything. This sensitive prototype runs on noise, observe. Hm hmm hm hm hmmm hmmmm.
(Trains starts to move, slowly)
Fenton Crackshell: Ilumination Doctor Gearloose, alpha numerical substition. The catagorical reorganiization off letters to prime digits.
(Train speeds fast around the track propelling into a window. Releasing water into the lab.)
Gyro: Ah! (Pushes over Dewey) My blueprints!
(Hits a button, causing a metal panel to slide over the cracked window.)
Fenton: Sorry Doctor Gearloose.
Gyro: Intern try to think!
Fenton: That's all I do all the time.
Gyro: Well, do it better.
Launchpad: You probably couldn't fit a driver in that tiny train anyway. Say speaking of drivers-
Scrooge: Gyro the board needs results. Ever since Bulb tech backfired ya need a invention that, well...
Dewey: Won't turn evil and kill us all.
Gyro: With all due respect sir. Innovation doesn't work that way. I can't just wake up one morning and say-
Dewey: How about a self-driving robot car?
Launchpad: A what now?
Gyro: Bla. Too many variables. A self driving robot car would turn evil like that. (Snaps fingers) Nobody could-
Dewey: Mark beaks did. He just posted that he's having a demo later today.
Gyro: What! That hack, couldn't even poke him a microwave. We'll see about this!
Launchpad: Okay cool. I'll just tell you my big news later.
Scrooge: Launchpad I almost forgot!
Launchpad: Yeah?
Scrooge: Stop having mail delivered to my office. That's for incoming checks and death threats only.
(Launchpad picks up the thrown envelope taking out his license)
Gyro: Wait what does a smiley face anvil road kill mean?
Mark Beaks: Crushed it!
(claping for beaks)
Beaks: Its a hectic world, posting things online, checking to see who liked your post. Couldn't you use a little time for yourself. Couldn't you use a buddy? That's the beaks, un-manned, driver, drone, yay! Buddy will drive you anywhere quickly, efficiently and cheaply. Buddy is compatible with any vehicle, making traditional drivers a thing of the past. The Waddle buddy system because machines are the new man and hold for applause.
Launchpad: Boo! Bad! Do not like!
Gyro: Agreed, very negative feelings indeed.
Beaks: Whoa! Scrooge's driver and his chief inventor are threatened by my buddy here. Well that is how you know it's a good product.
Gyro: Uh how can you ensure that this machine won't turn evil! Huh, I never said that out loud.
Beaks: Top secret Beaks tech means this baby's 100% obedient to it's master. Next question please.
Launchpad: Oh Yeah! Can you program a robot to brave the unknown and laugh at danger?
Beaks: Yes.
Launchpad: Can a robot greet you with a kind word at the end of a long day?
Beaks: Yes.
B.U.D.D.Y: That's a nice grey cardigan Mr. Beaks you are killing it today.
Launchpad: Yeah well. Can a robot pull you from the wreckage of a crash with a reassuring smile that tells you everything's gonna be okay?
Beaks: Well, no because it can't crash: Launchpad: I'm sorry what?
Beaks: Buddy show him. Buddy's patented sensors mean a smooth, crash free ride. No matter the situation you can count on buddy to get you where you going safely. Any more questions?
Scrooge: This automated marvel could safe McDuck enterprises a fortune.
Dewey: Your not seriously gonna by one of these things? I mean not when you have plenty of good drivers/pilots already.
Scrooge: I may buy a whole fleet unless anyone has any brighter ideas.
Gyro: Hmmm.
Launchpad: A race!
Dewey: (Gasps) What are you doing?
Launchpad: Thinking with my gut. Me V.S the bot winner gets free candy for life.
(Dewey whsipers something to Launchpad)
Launchpad: Oh thats better. Winner gets named the ultimate driver.
Scrooge: A race would give me the chance to see how buddy preforms in a real world senario.
Mark Beaks: oooooooo. Dramatic in in in in in in.
Launchpad: May the best man-ooo Ow! Very strong robot hand.
(Launchpad and Dewey sneak into the lab at night.)
Launchpad: AAH!
Dewey: Ah, look out it's headless man horse. It broke in to hoof us all to death!
Gyro: What? Don't be dumb. Just trying out some new interns. Don't tell my existing intern. Manny, dispose of them, violently. I can't have any distractions.
Launchpad: No, wait. I need help. See, I have this friend. Let's call him Not-Launchpad. And he got and challenged a robot to a race, pretty common scenario. Now, Not-Launchpad definitely isn't afraid of losing and his boss replacing him with a robot, but he has a friend. Let's call him, uh, Launchpad, who is very worried about that. So I, he, they, uh, thought you could help figure out how to take this robot down, yes? Oh, in this scenario, you're still you.
Gyro: Dummy, there's some dummies here to see you.
Fenton: At your beck and call, Dr. Gearloose. I heard everything. Everything. I'm happy to prove my worth by meeting Mr McQuack. Dr. Gearloose is working on an innovation that will better all of mankind both literally and figuratively. Behold. Operating passcode Blathering...
Gyro: No! That is not ready yet. Go to your room!
Fenton: Forgive Dr. Gearloose. He's a little more deranged than usual trying to figure out how Beaks beat him to the self-driving car.
Launchpad: That won't be a problem once I put that tin can it its place. In the recycling, where the garbage goes.
Dewey: Woof. We'll work on smack talk later. Right now, we need something to help Launchpad get the edge on Buddy.
Fenton: Step into my laboratory.
Dewey: Your lab is in the bathroom?
Fenton: Dr. Gearloose says this is the perfect place for my work. I'm just now realizing that remark may not have been entirely complementary. No matter! So how are we going to soup up your car? Frictionless tires, oscillating overthruster, an engine that can bend the very fabric of space itself?
Dewey: Yes, all of that.
Launchpad: Eh, I don't know about all of these gizmos, can't you just give me a couple of pointers on how to beat that robot?
Fenton: Reprogramming a man's brain to complete with a sophisticated auto intelligence.
Dewey: Reprogram Launchpad? What about thinking with your gut and getting dangerous?
Launchpad: Well, if Mr. McD thinks this uncrashable robo-me is so great, I have to prove I can get dangerous in the safest way possible.
Fenton: That's sure to get Dr. Gearloose's attention. It could work! I'll clean that later.
scene: driving course in the desert: Fenton: Don't go over thirty-two miles per hour, and hit all turns at a safe thirty-five degree bend, and increase velocity by fifteen percent on straightaway. These visual cues will trigger psychosomatic synaptic reflexes to improve your performance. Did you get all that?
Launchpad: ...Yes.
Beaks: Welcome to the Waddle test track. Time for the ultimate contest between man and machine. First around the block wins.
Launchpad: Don't worry, Mr. McD, I got this.
Scrooge: Good lad. Beat this bionic blaggard and I can probably talk Beaks down on price when I buy a fleet of them. Anyway, good luck.
Dewey: Hey, you're the best personal driver I ever had. You got this.
Fenton: Follow the tips and you have a fifty-one percent chance of winning, and whatever you do, play it safe. Don't crash.
Launchpad: Wait, "don't" crash?
Beaks: Racers, to your marks.
Darkwing Duck Bobble-head: Let's get dangerous.
Beaks: Get set... Pew! Pew pew pew pew pewpewpewpewpewpew.... That means Go!
Launchpad: And we're off. Hands at ten and two, keep it in first gear, or was that hands at ten and one, second gear? Where's the index? Oh no.
Dewey and Fenton: Don't crash. Don't crash.
Launchpad: Gotta catch up. Ah, check your six, carry the two, uh, seventeen, other number, two!
BUDDY: Adjusting for hazardous conditions.
Launchpad: Huhh, Uhuhuhu, Hah.
Dewey: Ah! He's gonna do it!
Fenton: Go, you bumblebee like savant, Go!
Beaks: grr.
Launchpad: Woo! oof!
Beaks: Hahah! did it. Take that, everyone who's not me.
Scrooge: Impressive display, Beaks. You have really built something, here.
Gyro: Or did he? I couldn't be sure til I saw how it performed under pressure. The precision, the deadly grace, oh yes, I've seen it before. Ha HAH! Beaks tech is actually bulb tech. That's how he beat me to the punch. He stole my technology! Officer, arrest this man.
Scrooge: Is this true?
Beaks: Of course not. I didn't steal it from him, I stole it from a public online forum then Beaksed it up.
Gyro: How would one of my inventions end up online... (gasp)
Fenton: Haha, oh wow.
Gyro: You!
Fenton: You circumvented the kill switch. Why didn't anyone else on the message board figure that out?
Gyro: You posted my top secret plans on the internet?!
Dewey: You were having so much trouble keeping your inventions from turning evil so I turned to the net to crowdsource a solution?
Infuriated with his top secret plans being sent into an internet, Gyro literarily cuts the loose and furiously charges at Femton, only to be apprehended by Dewey and Scrooge.
Gyro: NO!! YOU'RE FIRED!!!!
Fenton: Butbutbutbutbut... No..
Dewey: Easy, easy, easy, calm down...
Launchpad: Uh, back to town, Mr. McD?
Scrooge: That's alright Launchpad, we'll ride with Beaks and Buddy to sign the sales paperwork. Come on, Dewey.
Gyro: So, how did you keep bulb tech from going bad?
Beaks: Say what, now?
Gyro: The morality circuits, modify them keep them from going evil?
Beaks: No, I just made them look less dorky. They're dumb robots, right?
Gyro: Oh no. nononononono!
All: AAAHHH!
Fenton: Room for one more? (sigh) I have so many ideas, but I try too hard hoping at least one of them will stand out. Just vomiting them out at random like Blah, solve world hunger, blah, infrared toothbrush, I just want to help people you know? (car screaming in background) Make them better.
Lunchpad: Why? Even if you try to be better, there's always someone better than you, maybe with built in wifi. You'll just be ignored. Best to stop trying. Man, is there anyone having a worse day than us?
All: AAAHHH!
Scrooge: Shore these child locks.
BUDDY: Please remain seated.
Scrooge: Take that, you magnetic monstrosity.
BUDDY: Buckle up for safety.
Scrooge: Sanctimonious seat belts.
Beaks: oh, W-we need a logic puzzle to fry its circuits. Robot, what is love?
Gyro: That's stupid. Robot, could I invent an element so heavy even I couldn't lift it?
Beaks: I definitely could.
Gyro: No, you couldn't!
Dewey: Give it a rest, geniuses. (honks horn)
Lunchpad: Yes, you replaced me with a cool robot car. I get it.
All: AAAHHH!
Fenton: Buddy's gone glitchy. They're in trouble.
Lunchpad: What? I may not be Mr. McD's driver for much longer, but he can still count on me to get him to where he's going. I'll keep him busy. You figure out a way to get them out of that car.
Fenton: I think I got something for that. You try corralling him into a ravine.
Lunchpad: Or I'll probably just crash into it.
Fenton: Isn't that really, really, unsafe?
Lunchpad: I tried playing it safe, old friend. Didn't work.
Launchpad with Bobble-head: Let's get dangerous.
Dewey: Launchpad!
Launchpad: Give me your hand!
Fenton: C'mon, pick up, pick up, pick up!
Manny: (clopping) Gearloose labs.
Fenton: Manny! Salvation. I know we have our differences in the past, but now we must put them aside for the greater good of scientific endeavor. What say you?
Manny: (clopping) Who is this?
Fenton: It's me, Fenton Crackshell Cabrara. Just put the phone up to the floor! Operating passcode: BLATHERING BLATHERSCITE! Manny, did anything happen? Oof!
BUDDY: Please keep your hands and arms inside the vehicle at all times.
Dewey: Ah.
Launchpad: Ah! Dewey!
Dewey: AAHH! (gasp)
Gizmoduck: Gotcha! Hahaha, wow! Hold on, I'll get you out, somehow.
Scrooge: Oh good, another robot.
Gizmoduck's suit computer: Calculating options. Activating shoulder blades.
Gizmoduck: I suggest you hold very, very still.
Scrooge: Oh, hey.
Gizmoduck: Come on!
Suit: Incoming threat.
Gizmoduck: c'mon suit, do something.
Suit: Defense mode: activated.
Dewey: Woah, look out!
Scrooge: Who the blazes are you?
Gizmoduck: Call me, (gets hit by car) Gizmoduck!
Gyro: Gizmoduck?
Beaks: Gizmoduck.
Gizmoduck: Suit, make it stop, make it stop! Suit! Help!
Suit: Activating rodeo grapple: Gizmoduck: Ah, missed, something else.
Suit: Activating pectoral parachute.
Gizmoduck: Stop! Stop! Brakes! Brakes! AAHH!!
Launchpad: You're a robot this whole time, huh? Neat.
Fenton: I'm not...
Suit: Warning! Incoming threat.
Fenton: Move!
Launchpad and Dewey: Ah!
BUDDY: For your safety, please stop the vehicle and return to the passenger seat.
Launchpad: Looks like the only to survive is to crash.
Dewey: Too dangerous! Too dangerous!
All: Ha ha hah!
Launchpad: Take that, you bucket of bolts. I'm sorry, is that offensive?
Fenton: I'm not a... AAHH!
Suit: Activating helmet copter.
Gizmoduck: Ha ha ha ha, woo! I'm alive! This is awesome!
Launchpad: Wow, looks like somebody's first crash. (back at garage) Have a good day Mr. McD?
Scrooge: Nice work today, Launchpad. See you tomorrow.
Launchpad: You're... not gonna replace me?
Scrooge: Replace you? Don't be daft. Where would I ever find a driver as crazy and dangerous as I am? Oh, Dewey told me about your driver's license. Congratulations.
Launchpad: Aw, your approval is all the driver's license I need. C'mon, uh...
Scrooge: You should really keep the license.
Fenton: Sir! I was cleaning out my desk when suddenly the prototype armor burst from the chamber like so many split atoms and...
Gyro: Ah, save it. I'm fired, Gizmoduck. (sigh) Scrooge is always complaining my inventions are "dangerous." This armor has got to be one hundred percent idiot-proof and well, you're just the idiot to prove it.
Fenton: Oh, thank you sir. You won't regret this. This project stays top secret til it's out of beta. I won't tell a soul...
Launchpad: Bye Gyro. Bye Gizmoduck.
Fenton: ...from now on.
Gyro: (sigh) Gizmoduck. What a stupid name.
Beaks: Gizmoduck... I must have him.