Episode Info: Transcript: Gallery: Clips: The episode begins with Launchpad talking in the clubhouse on Junior Woodchucks Island: Launchpad: Legacy, passing the torch to a new generation. The knowledge of the old mixes with the discoveries of the new into that flavorful gumbo called tomorrow. You are that gumbo! Welcome to the Calisota Junior Woodchuck Graduation!
Della, Donald, Webby, Dewey, Louie and Scrooge is sitting and watching on Huey, B.O.Y.D, Doofus Drake and others standing next to Launchpad: Della: Hoo-oo! The legacy is alive!
Webby: Why isn't Donald wearing his Junior Woodchuck uniform?
Della: Oh, he was kicked out because he's got a...
Donald trying to kill a fly, that is flying around his camera. He stand up and hop, trying to kill the fly: Della: ...bad attitude about nature.
Donald: Ow: Launchpad: These Woodchucks, gesture to stage, are a part of a tradition of Woodchuck excellence like legendary explorer Isabella Finch, point to paintings. Note, Launchpad, do not read these parts. Grape jelly stain, (licks) mmmm. Today, Junior Junior Woodchucks become Junior Woodchucks. Junior Woodchucks become Senior Junior Woodchucks. And, of course, a Woodchuck's proudest achievement is making the rank of Senior Woodchuck. A Senior Woodchuck goes above and beyond to make themselves, and everything around them better.
Huey: This is my moment.
Launchpad: This year, I am pleased to announce our star candidate. Congratulations to my close, personal friend, Violet Saberwing. (applause)
Violet: Sorry I'm late. I was helping an elderly woman cross the street.
Lena: Woo, that's my sister from a couple misters.
Violet: Thank you.
Huey: You're a Junior Woodchuck, but I haven't seen you at any jamborees or fun time functions.
Violet: I prefer to focus my time on the real work of Woodchucking.
Launchpad: And this year, we have a second candidate for Senior Woodchuck, Dewey's brother. (applause)
Dewey: Go, yeah, you're the best: Della: That's my kid!
Launchpad: As is our solemn custom, in the event of two candidates, our competitors will go head-to-head in the most intense physical and mental trial of their skills. The Junior Woodchuck Wilderness Challenge! There can only be one Senior Woodchuck! Huh, neat.
All: Violet, Violet, Violet, Violet...
Opening Theme: Huey: How did this happen? If I'm not the best Junior Woodchuck, who am I?
Webby: You're still a great Junior Woodchuck. (to Violet) You're also great. (to Huey) You're going to win this easy. (to Violet) He just needs encouragement right now.
Huey: You know what? Nothing can stop me with my trusty Junior Woodchuck Guidebook in my-
Launchpad: Uh-uh, no guidebooks allowed during the challenge.
Dewey: Ah, who needs a big book of rules, am I right?
Huey: Huey! Huey needs a book of rules!
Louie: I think what Dewey is trying to say is that you were born for this. Now get out there, and show the other nerds that you are King Nerd.
Lena: Violet, Violet, Violet, Violet, Violet, Violet.
Violet: C'mon, Hubert. A Woodchuck mustn't be late.
Dewey: Ooh, who's this lady?
Scrooge: Isabella Finch.
Della: Adventurer? Chief of Woodchuck exploration? Braggler of the unknown?
Scrooge: She was a legend to me growing up.
Louie: Cue story about Scrooge as a lad in 3... 2... and.
Scrooge: When I was a lad, I only had money for a single pulp adventure book, but boy, did it count. The Collected Adventures of Isabella Finch! I spent many a late night reading about how she bested the Fever Beast of Tibet, or slaughtered the Swiss Swarmi of Microbeesia.
Webby: Wow.
Scrooge: This woman made history, and deserves the utmost respect. (rips painting)
All: (gasp)
Scrooge: What? She hid this map here for future adventurers to find.
Della: Ooh, twist!
Scrooge: And here on Woodchuck Island, Finch hid her greatest treasure surrounded by the deadliest obstacles she found on her journeys. Her greatest adventure will become our greatest adventure. Who knows what the treasure could be? The Ruby of Rangoon, the Golden Bullion of Goryeo, the- Oy, do you mind? I'm speechifying! That's better. Where was I, ah yes. Listen to the song of adventure calling you.
Dewey: Dee doodle dee doodle dee ha ha. What? It's so catchy.
Launchpad: This course will test every aspect of your Junior Woodchuck knowledge. You will place these flags on designated trail markers like so as you make your way north to the highest points on the island. At the mountains peak, whoever plants their final flag first will become the next Senior uh, (consults book) Senior Woodchuck! Ready?
Huey: I was born ready.
Violet: If you are as prepared as a helpless baby, then I will beat you easily. Apologies, Lena told me that friendly smack talk is expected in competitions such as these.
Lena: Call him a clown!
Violet: Clown!
Huey: Hey, may the best Woodchuck win.
Violet: Likewise.
Launchpad: Go go go go go!
Huey: When you don't have a compass, make one. Now we just have to find north and place the first trail marker. Good job, Huey. Already in the lead. Ugh, hm, uh "Hubert who is in second place and holding this letter? You are? Best wishes, Violet?" What the?
Violet: Was that good smack? Do you feel appropriately razzed?
Huey: Urgh! (panting)
Donald: Hah, hah! hah!
Scrooge: We're on the exact path Finch took in her very last adventure. Now let's stick to her- What is this bird doing here?
Dewey: Giving me the irresistible urge to bust several moves.
Dee doodle dee doodle dee (whistle). Dee doodle dee doodle dee (whistle). Dee doodle doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo Dewey Dewey.
Webby: Aw, they're both so cute.
Scrooge: Alright, don't get distracted. Back to the real adventure.
Webby: This is sacred, hallowed-
Louie: Not at all funny.
Dewey: Dee doddle doo doo doo Dewey Dewey.
Donald: Aahh! Stupid nature!
Della: It's just a mosquito. You should give it some of your blood.
Dewey: Hey! We were just getting the flow going. Come back.
Scrooge: Where are you going? That's not Finch's path. (sigh)
Huey: (humming, gasp) Junior Woodchuck Rule 38: when you hear thunder, it's time to get under... cover? Hm, but stopping would put me behind. No problem. A little rain never hurt any-ow ow, ow, huh, ow! Lightning rain?! Aahh! (panting) Oh, rubber plant. Yeah ow! (straining) Ah! Stupid stretching leaf! Ow! Ow!
Violet: You need to sever the rubber leaf at the base.
Huey: Yes, thank you very- Ow- much. I knew that, ow!
Violet: Very well. Now eat my dust. That was the smack talking.
Huey: Ow, gah! Ugh. Ah, easy Huey. The guidebook says that every setback is an opportunity for, ow, growth.
Louie: Gah, why would rain ever be made of lightning?
Scrooge: This is the lightning rain of Chilipopo. Ol' Isabella braved a 183 day lightning rain with only grits, determination, and the hat on her head.
Louie: She had a hat?
Scrooge: Come now. We are walking in the footsteps of a giant.
Webby: (gasp)
Scrooge: Not a literal giant.
Webby: Aw.
Della: Yep, ah! See Donald? Ow! Nature's not so bad! I hate rain, rargh!
Donald: Ow!
Dewey: Quiet everyone. I think my quirky new sidekick is trying tell me something.
Scrooge: Of course.
Dewey: Huh? What's that? You want us to follow you on a brand new adventure? Well, let's go!
Scrooge: But, but, but we're already on a perfectly good adventure.
Huey: (singing) Uh, aloe on your ouchies prevent the mean and grouchies. Ah, see, I don't need the most badges just to prove I'm the best Woodchuck. All I need is my wits, a little know-how, and... I am lost. Okay, when lost, a Woodchuck retraces their steps, but then I'll fall even farther behind, and then I'll lose. No guidebook, no map, no clue, no guide book, no hopes, no chance, no guidebook. I'll just go to the guidebook in my mind. Manic episodes, mass hallucination, mental breakdown-
JW Guidebook: I recon you're searching for navigational techniques.
Huey: This is new.
JW Guidebook: My name is J. W. Guidebook, the Junior Woodchuck Guidebook in you mind. I'm here to help you out, teach you a thing or two about nature, and yourself.
Huey: Uh-huh.
JW Guidebook: Yeah, I recon you want to track your direction by the sun.
Huey: Hey, that's right. Just set down a stick, and follow the shadow. Hah, I'd like to see Violet conjure a talking book from her psyche. You're going to do it, Huey. Just you, and nature, and... Ahh!
JW Guidebook: Well, that is a pickle of a different color.
Huey: Gah!
JW Guidebook: Stay calm. Remember your training. Make yourself big, and intimidating.
Huey: Rawr!
Bear: RAWR!
Huey: Aaaahh!
JW Guidebook: Skedaddle, boy! That bear don't care for book learning!
Huey: Ah, uh, come on, Huey. You know what to do. Book, what do I do?
JW Guidebook: Me, Rule 8 Number 43: if a bear you spy, string your food up high.
Huey: I don't have any food, except, that's it. I'm the food. Hup, ah, gasp, ungh.
Bear: Roar! ROAR!
JW Guidebook: Now boy, that's real Senior Woodchuck thinking.
Huey: Ha ha, there's the next marker. Let's see Violet pull this off?
Violet: Hubert.
Huey: Violet, no!
Violet: If it makes you feel better, Lena says that first is the worst and second is the best. D'oh. Actually that's wrong, but I am- Ahhh!
Huey: Violet, no!
Violet: Ahh, oh.
Bear: RAWR!
Violet: No more climbing points. I appear to be stuck.
JW Guidebook: Me, Rule 17: a Woodchuck looks out for their fellow Woodchucks, whatever the cost. You could toss down a rope. Oh, or weave a cushy bed out of meatballs, or-
Huey: You know, I bet if I make it to the final checkpoint first, there will be someone there who can help. I could win the challenge, and look out for my competitor.
JW Guidebook: I suppose there's no rule against it, but-
Huey: Hup, be right back.
JW Guidebook: Hey, where are you going?
Violet: Hubert, wait. Was it because of my razzing? Curse my flawless slams.
Huey: (panting)
Violet: Junior Woodchuck rule 732: respect nature, and nature will respect you.
Della: Once again, nature provides.
Scrooge: Alright, if we turn back now, we can still brave the Devil's Teeth on the Eternal Quicksand, slay the Unfathomable Phoenix guarding the treasure, and be back before Huey finishes his challenge. Lest that bird ruins our adventure again.
Dewey: Hey, that bird led us to safety.
Scrooge: Of what? A bit of electrified rain?
Louie: Yes.
Scrooge: Gah! Out of my way, you pesky poultry. Is that the Nandi Bear from Finch's Cave of the Bear Clan? Ha ha, don't you want to find the massive and ferocious bear with claws the size of a man?
Louie: No.
Scrooge: But Finch herself fought this beastie, and oh no you don't, you avian agitator. Not this again. What the? The map! Everyone follow that bird!
Bear: Roar!
Huey: Hah, soon to be Senior Woodchuck summons the insurmountable mount- of course.
JW Guidebook: Okay, Huey, no pressure. Sure, you just abandoned a fellow Woodchuck, but hey, you're about to win, and that's all that matters, right?
Huey: Not helping, Book.
JW Guidebook: Woah, what are you doing? Rule 726: always check every bridge for stability.
Huey: I don't have time for rules!
JW Guidebook: (gasp)
Huey: Are you coming or not?
JW Guidebook: No, where you go now, I cannot follow.
Huey: Fine, I don't need your help. I'm going to be a Senior Woodchuck. Aah!
Violet: Hubert?
Huey: Aahh!
Violet: Hubert? Junior Woodchuck rule 726: check every-
Huey: Yes, I know! Ah! Ugh! Okay, okay, uh, when you're between a rock and a hard place, uh, I don't know. I'm going to throw this rock. She might have more badges, but ol' Huey put in the time. Huey's going to be the Senior Woodchuck. Huey "has" to be the Senior Woodchuck.
Scrooge: Hup, grr. Ach, sacious bird! Stupid... bird! Oh, I'm so mad, I can't even alliterate.
Webby: Which way did the bird go?
Scrooge: Fantastic. We followed that bird brain through an uncharted cave, and now we are missing out on the adventure!
Louie: I'm cold and terrified. Sure feels like an adventure to me.
Dewey: Or maybe it's just a different adventure.
Scrooge: Well, it's not the right one. We're supposed to be following in the footsteps of greatness following the map.
Webby: Adventure isn't about following the same old path. It's about discovering new things, and going off the map.
Scrooge: Poppycock. Whoever told you that?
All: You!
Scrooge: But, but it's history.
Dewey: So, let's rewrite history.
Scrooge: Ahem. Dee doodle dee doodle dee ha ha. Dee doodle dee doodle dee ha ha. Dee do, oh. Huh, what do you think, family? Should we follow this crazy bird to some unknown adventure?
All: Woo hoo, yeah!
Huey: Yow! You've never failed a Woodchuck test before. Be better. Almost there, you're going to be a Senior Woodchuck- oh come on!
Violet: I deduce the most effective use of this rising heat is a hang glider. See you at the finish line, chump.
Huey: What do I do? J.W., I need your help.
JW Guidebook: Well Huey, the only person who can help you is you, see the true lesson- AAAHHH!
Huey: Ah! What is happening?!
JW Guidebook: I DON'T KNOW! WHY ARE YOU IMAGINING THIS?!
Huey: Ahh! Ugh, ugh. Aaahhh! Huh? Violet? But you could have.
Violet: Junior Woodchuck Rule 162: a Junior Woodchuck looks out for their fellow Woodchucks, whatever the cost.
Huey: You really are a better Woodchuck than me. Ah! Ahh! I broke the rules. I left you behind. I didn't just fail the challenge, I failed my oath. I don't deserve these.
Violet: I too, have failed before.
Huey: Wait, there's a failure badge?
Violet: I tried to qualify for Senior Woodchuck three times before I was accepted this year. Yes, failure is a logical and natural conclusion of trying something new. Junior Woodchuck rule number 7: work harder, make yourself better, and try again. Come, let us finish together. Perhaps we can both be Senior Woodchucks.
Huey: No, you earned it. I haven't... yet.
Violet: Hm, I thought this would be more climactic.
Huey: Ah! What do we do? You're the Senior Woodchuck. I respond to authority.
Huey and Violet: Launchpad?
All: Launchpad?
Launchpad: Hey, I'm Launchpad. You guys are just in time to see the winner.
Della: Yes! That's my boy!
Huey: Actually, I lost.
All: (gasp)
Della: That can't be right! The challenge was rigged! My boy deserves to win!
Huey: No, mom, I didn't, and that's okay.
Lena: Yeah! You lost! Cause you're a-
Violet: Lena! shh.
Huey: Launchpad, I will take my failure badge, please.
Launchpad: Here, take one of mine. And now, welcome the newest Senior Woodchuck, Violet Appelonia Saberwing.
All: (applause)
Lena: Ha ha ha.
Huey: Yeah, go Violet. Woo hoo!
Scrooge: We learned an important lesson today. Adventure is not always about the treasure that awaits us at the end, but the journey- Will you knock it off with the song?
Huey: Wait, that song. Is that the Titter Twill Bird of Knowledge?
Louie: The hoobata bird of what now?
Huey: The legendary mascot of the Woodchucks, descended from the personal pet of Isabella Finch herself.
Dewey: It wasn't distracting us. It was guiding us to Finch's treasure.
Scrooge: I can't believe it. The last treasure of Isabella Finch.
Webby: It was under our noses this whole time.
Scrooge: It's more precious than I ever could have imagined.
Louie: The treasure is a book? Boooo!
Scrooge: It's Finch's lost adventure journal. It contains all the adventures she had. Advice she left for future generations.
Donald: Ah, ah, ah, ahh!
Webby: She really did have the answer for everything.
Scrooge: Or almost everything.
Huey: The missing mysteries? This is a list of legends Finch never found. The stone of what was, the lost harp of Mervana, the third eye diamond. This can help us find the greatest lost mysteries of all time.
Scrooge: Now, that is an adventure. What do you say, family?
All: Yeah! Woo!
Gandra Dee: The Ducks found the journal.
Black Heron: Access to the most mysterious relics lost to time.
Bradford: Then the race is on.