The episode commences with a zooming shot of McDuck Manor at night. Camera cuts to a view of the TV with Johnny and Randy on screen.
Randy: Now set your eyes to "Otto," cause you're watching the Ottoman Empire all day marathon.
The triplets cheer while Mrs. Beakley walks behind the couch: Kids: Yeah yeah,
Louie: Overpriced artisanal furniture!
Beakley: [Gathers dishes] Living room protocol: use a coaster. Must you fill the fine china with cheesy puffs?
Cut to the kitchen. Beakley goes to the kitchen to set the dishes in the sink and after looking outside the window gets attacked by a hooded figure with a metal arm.
Louie: Getting low on Cherry Pep, Mrs. B.
Beakley: Aahh!
???
Greetings, Agent 22.
Beakley: Black Heron. (gets rendered unconscious)
opening theme: Scrooge: (yawns)
Randy: This is a rough job, but when the going gets tough, The tough get tufting.
Kids: (sleepy) The tough get tufting. woo...
Webby: Morning, Mr. McDuck.
Scrooge: Oh, uh, good morning, Webbigail. Where's your granny? she didn't bring up my nutmeg tea this morning.
Webby: Oh, I can make your tea. Whoop!
Scrooge: That's really not... Oh, alright. It's one droplet of...
Webby: Milk! a light stir, not to fully dissolve the nutmeg, Oh, and don't worry. It's the same teabag we've been using all month.
Scrooge: Mmm. Aahh. Taste the savings... How did you know...
Webby: Oh, I know everything about you.
Scrooge: Um, wouldn't you rather be with the boys?
Webby: (shakes no) So, what are your thoughts on sword horses, you know, unicorns, this book says you encountered one. Warrior poets that can impale their enemies. Are they the best? Oh, want me to get your breakfast?
Scrooge: Uh, I'll get it myself.
Webby: (gasp)
Scrooge: Great sacks of delirium!
Webby: Maybe Donald tried to make an omelet again?
Scrooge: Impossible. He still hasn't figured out how to get out of the pantry.
Donald: AAHHH What's the big idea!
Scrooge: It can't be.
Flashback to the past: Von Drake: Ooh, Agent 22. Wonderful, you're early. We can begin with...
Beakley: Director Von Drake, I've been reading the Black Heron case file. Very intriguing. According to our intelligence, she's a real bad egg. Martial artist, robotics engineer, and chemist and counter agent...
Von Drake: Yes, and apparent-
Beakley: Apparently she's after the last page of the legendary great book. The page was recently unearthed at Castle Dunwyn.
Von Drake: Right, and it is said to contain-
Beakley: It is said to contain a dangerous secret.
Von Drake: Well, did you know the she is working for-
Beakley: I bet you that F.O.W.L is behind this. That's the...
Von Drake, Beakley: Fiendish Organization for World Larceny!
Beakley: The pages are up for auction tonight here in London. Heron will make a play for it then, unless we can get it first.
Von Drake: Well, if you were so smart, you would know that this is an exclusive high class auction. Luckily we have acquired a VIP invitation thanks to a very freelance operative.
Beakley: Wait, what?
Von Drake: Agent 22, meet your new partner, McDuck. Scrooge McDuck.
Scrooge: (snores) Ha hah, had a late night catching that pesky Jack the Tripper and there was some celebrating afterwards. You mind returning those to the Queen?
Beakley: Grrrr.
Von Drake: Now on to the super secret secret agent equipment.
Scrooge: Already have a cane.
Von Drake: Ho ho Hoh! Not like this. Meet the Von Drake action cane PPK! Equipped with a number of unique gadgets which if used not correctly, could kill you instantly...
Scrooge: Yeah, I'm sure I can figure it out. Let's roll. Twenty-two, adventure awaits. Gah!
Von Drake: This is the not correctly I was talking about.
present day: Randy: ...for our all day marathon.
Scrooge: I'm off for a little trip. Uncle Donald's in the pantry if you need anything. If I don't come back, it's been a pleasure knowing you all.
Boys: Yeah, yeah, sure...
Louie: Shhhh.
Webby: So, where are we going?
Scrooge: ' 'We' ' are going nowhere.
Webby: But you are going to save Granny, aren't you? If she's in trouble, I want to help.
Scrooge: She would want you safe at home. That's final.
In the sub: Scrooge: Ah, there you are.
Launchpad: We'll be arriving in a couple of hours, Mr. McD.
Scrooge: Remember. This trip needs to remain a secret, Launchpad. No one should know where we're going.
Launchpad: Way ahead of you.
Scrooge: Ah, ready for some action, cane? D'ah! What are you doing here?
Webby: The action cane? That black feather? Those coordinates? That can only mean an Agent 22/McDuck spy adventure. Oh, with Granny missing, can I be your partner on this one? Please give me a chance. I'm trained in espionage, counter espionage, I'm super good at secret keeping.
Scrooge: We're too far to turn back now, but you'll be safe on the sub. Ah!
Launchpad: Sorry, blindfold slopped. Still no clue where we are.
Scrooge: On second thought.
Webby: I can come? First ever Webby/McDuck team up!
Scrooge: This is not a normal adventure. You'll need to follow my lead.
The London Auction: Beakley: Now just follow my lead. McDuck?
Auctioneer: Ladies and gentlemen, Ladies and Gentlemen, let's start our bidding with the lost page from the great book, a priceless artifact for medieval enthusiasts.
Beakley: So what's on it, exactly?
Scrooge: Alchemy, formulas for potions and elixirs. Legend has it that the high priests of Castle Dunwyn were mentored by mystical creatures from the nearby glen. Creatures with untold powers.
Beakley: Untold powers.
Scrooge: Yes, if you believe that sort of thing. FOWL seems to.
Beakley: How do you know so much about all this?
Scrooge: Untold chaos, dark artifacts? A man has his hobbies, ha ah.
Beakley: There's Black Heron. Stick to the plan. Outbid her. Win the page.
Auctioneer: Shall we start the bidding at twenty-five thousand pounds? Do I have twenty-five? Twenty-five, do I hear fifty thousand? We are at fifty thousand. And sixty thousand. Seventy thousand. Do I hear eighty, anyone? You sir, the sweaty brow in the derby?
Beakley: What are you doing? Bid!
Scrooge: The agency only gave me sixty thousand. What, you expect me to chip in myself?
Beakley: You are a billionaire.
Auctioneer: And sold for seventy thousand to the lovely young woman who appears to be jumping out the window.
Scrooge: And now we can steal it from her for free. I just saved SHUSH a lot of money. You're welcome. Gah!
present day on a remote island.
Scrooge: I know you think this is just a fun little excursion, but listen...
Webby: Yep, super serious, got it. Aw, look at its jaunty hat. Pip, pip to you, mysterious orb.
Scrooge: Webbigail, quiet!
past: Scrooge: Gah!!
Beakley: Protocol 414: don't arouse suspicion. Maintain camouflage.
Scrooge: Yeah.
Beakley: A lairs guard. It's spotted us.
Scrooge: That thing? Ha ha ha...
Beakley: Don't underestimate its adorable appearance. It's actually...
present: Scrooge: ...an elite killing machine. Not some adorably jovial globule.
Webby: I know, that's a vintage series two troub-bubble series twenty filled with incendium. It will ignite anything it lands on. So cool.
Scrooge: You know most kids wouldn't get this excited over their impending doom. Louie mostly just cries. What are you...
Webby: Ah! Gassing it from incendium to helium.
Scrooge: I haven't seen a maneuver that impressive since...
past: Beakley: Next time, read the file. If you know your situation then you know how to conquer it. What is it?
Scrooge: Strange berry bushes. They don't look native to the island. Could be poisonous. They weren't.
Beakley: What is wrong with you? There are rules. Protocol.
Scrooge: Listen up, 22, you got to be willing to make things up as you go along. I didn't get this far in life by following the rules. (choking)
Beakley: Great, and now you're dying.
Scrooge: Worse, I got a stem caught in my throat. Anyway, onward.
present: Webby: Oohhh, nnngn, heh heh heh nnnggnn.
Scrooge: What is it now?
Webby: Should we have a battle cry to strike fear in our enemies?
Scrooge: Oh, what do you nave in mind?
Webby: Get ready to lose bad, baddies!
Scrooge: Meh, What she said.
past: Beakley: You just had to yell a battle cry, didn't you?
Scrooge: C'mon, you blasted bucket of bolts! Let's wallop!
The two defeat the robots.
Scrooge: Good show, 22. Yah, that was going to be so impressive. Anyway, shall we?
Beakley: We have to chase after that last robot. No loose ends.
Scrooge: Eh, we won't be seeing him again.
present: Scrooge: How are you still functioning?
Webby: Yah!
Scrooge: Ha hah! Anyway, shall we? Ugh! This was worse when they were alive. Impressive. All those years in my house, we should have done something like this sooner.
Webby: Granny always told me to never bother you. If you wanted to do something, you come to me. But you were always so busy with your business and your grumbling. But I was busy too, with Granny's training and my research, about you. So you know we both had our own things going on. I guess you can say I've been prepping for a McDuck/Agent 22 adventure my whole life.
Scrooge: You know so much about me, and I feel I know so little about you.
Webby: Oh come on, you know about me, like my favorite color is... Pink. My favorite booby trap is spike pits, my favorite storm is tropical cyclone meets thunder snow.
Scrooge: I know your favorite drink. Nutmeg tea.
Webby: Juice.
Scrooge: But I saw you down a whole pot not this morning.
Webby: Nah, oh no that was just to impress you. I kind of can't stand it.
Scrooge: Juice you say? Well I'll get it right next time. I promise.
past: Beakley: Heron's lab. McDuck, where are you? McDuck?
present: Scrooge: What do we have here?
Webby starts the film strip.
Black Heron: Good afternoon, world leaders. This is Black Heron of FOWL. Regrets if you haven't heard of me, but I've gotten very well acquainted with your Agent 22. After meticulous...
Beakley: My back molar is rigged with a distress signal. SHUSH will be coming for me, and you, Heron.
Black Heron: Excuse me, I'm in the middle of filming my declaration of harmful intent. Where was I? Oh yes, After meticulous very ingenious planning, I have obtained history's greatest biological weapon. With the completed formula, I will breed an army of super soldiers that will BOUNCE to the highest peaks of corruption.
Scrooge: Heh, did you just say bounce?
Black Heron: Who is this? Is he with you?
Beakley: Unfortunately: Scrooge: You're making a bounce serum. The untold powers of the ancient creatures is bouncing?
Black Heron: Yes, they'll be bouncing here there and everywhere. Mass destruction that's beyond compare.
Scrooge: (laughing)
Black Heron: Stop laughing. I have wasted an entire reel of film and you're not even entirely in frame.
Beakley: What are you doing?
Scrooge: Fighting a deadly supervillain apparently.
Beakley: You're out of your league.
Scrooge: Uwah! eh!
Beakley: I could try a coupling gambit.
Scrooge: 22, little help.
Beakley: I'm working out a plan.
Scrooge: I got a plan, just do something.
filmstrip ends: Webby: But, but how did you defeat Black Heron?
Black Heron: She didn't.
Webby: Where's my Granny?
Scrooge: Easy, lass. This one's out of your league.
Webby: Nobody's out of our league, Mr. McDuck. We can take her.
Scrooge: Webby! ugh...
Webby: Uhuhuh...
Beakley: Wake up! Wake Up! Wake! Up! I can't believe you. What is my granddaughter doing here? On a SHUSH assignment of all things. She's just a little girl.
Scrooge: I know.
Black Heron: Silence! I've waited so long for this, 22. Decades lying and hiding, tracking you down, rebuilding this place, rebuilding myself. But this time, 22, I'm better prepared. World domination can wait; this, this is sweet revenge. Now, tell me the formula.
Beakley: Ha ha, it was years ago. How am I supposed to remember? Wait, what are you...
Black Heron: Come come, 22. Protocol dictates you memorize all mission related data, and you're even more fastidious than I am. So you have three tenths of a second to respond, or...
Webby: Don't do it! Uh!
Beakley: Six handfuls of red berries, four orange berries, three purple berries, four blue berries, three green berries, and one yellow berry in that order.
Scrooge: Bentina.
Black Heron: Finally, the powers of the ancients are mine...
Beakley: You're deranged, Heron.
Black Heron: Would you please not interrupt... No, no, 22, you won't throw me off my game, this time. I am prepared for every eventuality. Now the child was a bit of an X-factor, but she will be the cherry on this sweet revenge.
Scrooge: Leave her out of this, Heron. She's just a defenseless girl, she has no place here. A damsel in distress is what she is. It was a mistake to bring a hapless hellion. She should be at home with her pink bows, enjoying a glass of her favorite "tea."
Webby: I don't like tea! I like... (gasp)
Black Heron: This bores me. Time to move on to the revenging.
Webby: hah! (drinks juice)
Black Heron: What are you, child?
Scrooge: That's Webby Vanderduck, my new partner.
Webby: Yeah, but it's actually VanderQUACK! Woah! Ooh!
Beakley: Webby!
Webby: I love it! I'm like a super mega rubber ball of death!
Scrooge: You get Heron, I'll get your granny!
Black Heron: The juice!
fight ensues: Beakley: Protocol 78: Get your opponent to underestimate your partner. Clever. How did you know she could pull it off?
Scrooge: Your granddaughter is full of surprises.
On the roof: Black Heron: Get away! Get away!
Webby: Gimme that juice, you bad baddie!
Black Heron: No, no, it's wearing off. No! This is all your fault! AAHHH!
Beakley: Flip six three hold!
Scrooge: Ha hah, it worked!
Webby: Team up!
Black Heron: Aahh!
Scrooge: Launchpad, take us home.
Launchpad: Roger that. Going in blind.
Webby: Ho ho, that was so amazing. Agent 22 and McDuck back in action. But, but hey, what did happen in that first battle with Black Heron?
past: Scrooge: Just do something!
Beakley: Dash it all. (drinks juice) This is disconcerting! What is happening?
Black Heron: You will pay for that!
Scrooge: Augh! 22, you just broke protocol for me.
Beakley: For the mission, and you, partner.
Scrooge: Welp, time to go.
Black Heron: No!
Beakley: I have a feeling I'm going to be cleaning up a lot of your messes from here on out, Agent McDuck.
Scrooge: Call me Scrooge.
Beakley: Betina Beakley.
present: Webby: Wo hoah, I can't believe I'm now part of an Agent 22/McDuck adventure. Thank you Mr. McDuck.
Scrooge: Call me Uncle Scrooge.
Webby: I'm Webby.