The episode commences with a shot of McDuck Manor. Louie is sulking in his room after being grounded for almost destroying time and space.
Louie: OK, being grounded forever isn't so bad. I've got my phone, my phone is also a TV, which is nice.
He turns the phone on only to find Della on the screen.
Della (video)
Hi, Louie! You're super grounded, so I blocked your phone signal and replaced all your videos with this lecture on ethics!
Louie: Way ahead of you! (grabs Huey's Waddle pad) Thank you, Huey.
Della (video)
Nice try. The dictionary defines grounding as...
Louie: Oh, man. (throws pad away)
Scrooge: Hurry up, kids! Adventure calls, and I've got a bet to win!
Louie peeks through the window. Outside the manor, everyone is getting ready to go on an adventure.
Louie: Well, at least I can skip out on another insanely dangerous adventure- wait. Hobo bindles? Cans of beans? A CAREFREE ATTITUDE!? They are NOT!
Huey: Uncle Scrooge, your bet with Glomgold is over in two days. You clearly have more money than he does. Doesn't this seem, I dunno, mean?
Scrooge: I didn't come this far by not hunting for treasure, so to guarantee my victory we are going after the Hobo King's Ruby Bindle.
Dewey: We're going where there's Cherry Pep springs and the conman sings?
Scrooge: Where the gold geyser spews cash just for youse!
Della: Where all of your laziest, schemiest dreams come true!
Louie: You're heading to Big Rock Candy Mountain!? Oh, I am going.
Della: No, you are still grounded.
Louie: What?! No, WHAT?!
Scrooge: Err, come on kids, let's finish packing.
Louie: Big Rock Candy Mountain is the laziest quest of all time! It's my dream.
Della: Your last "dream" made you take treasure from the past, which almost destroyed time, space, and your family! Now, to your room! You can come out when you learn that no good ever came from cockamamie schemes.
Cut to one Flintheart Glomgold pulling one such scheme, by using a slingshot to fling himself into the Beagle's junkyard.
Glomgold: Ready... Aim... GLOMGO!
He fires, hitting the junkyard sign, the fence, then falling to the ground on the otherside of the gate. The Beagle Boys move to grab him. When Glomgold wakes up, he's being held upside down, causing him to scream. Ma Beagle pushes her way through the Beagles.
Ma: Flintheart, ya trespassin'. Get him out of here.
Glomgold: WAIT! I'm not here to rob you, I'm here to recruit you!
Ma: The Beagle Boys ain't for sale.
Glomgold: I'm not looking for a henchman, I'm looking for a "family".
Ma: What? (Big Time and Burger grunt in confusion)
Glomgold: Because family is the greatest scheme of all! (laughs)
(Cue Glomgold's "Theme Song Takeover" in place of the normal intro.)
Glomgold: I finally figured out why I keep losing to Scrooge!
Ma: You're a moron? Your plans are terrible? He's smarter and stronger and craftier and...
Glomgold: WRONG! It's his family. (holds up photo of Scrooge's family minus Della and Donald) He's got a whole team who work harder and cheaper because they, I don't know, love him? Blech! So, I'll get together a team- No, a "family" capable of wiping out Scrooge and his whole brood! Why together, we should able to take them down in two days tops! Right now... I need nephews, and a Beakley.
Big Time: Please, Ma? Let us keep him.
Burger: (unintelligible noises)
Bouncer: Burger's right. We could use a strong male figure in our lives.
Glomgold walks up to the group. Ma turns and hits him with her bag, sending him flying.
Ma: Two days, huh? This ain't about family. (smacks him) This is about your stupid bet with Scrooge, ain't it?
Glomgold nods: Ma: You dug your own grave, Glomgold. It's time you laid in it.
Glomgold: No, please! I cannae! I cannae!
Ma: Spit it out!
Glomgold: I CANNAE BEAT SCROOGE MCDUCK, ALRIGHT?! I'm gonna lose everything. I've spent my whole life trying to best him, but I cannae! None of us can!
Ma and the Classics look shocked: Glomgold: On our own. But, if we work together to destroy him and his family before the bet is over, it all goes to us. Everything Scrooge owns, including...
Ma: ... the deed to Duckburg.
Glomgold: Which I could share with my "family".
Ma and the Classics laugh evilly: Ma: (addressing Beagle crowd) Attention, boys! We're getting Duckburg back thanks to your new Pa! (The Beagle crowd cheers)
Glomgold (whispering)
I only need three...
Ma: Never mind! (Most of the Beagles groan)
Back at the manor, Louie watches the Sunchaser fly off into the distance.
Louie: Bye, family! I'm very sad I'm missing my dream vacation and definitely not gonna scheme my way to Big Rock Candy Mountain before you! (laughs) Yeah, right...
He opens the door to find a DT-87 drone hovering in front of him.
DT-87
SCHEME DETECTED. (Louie backs off) SCHEME DETECTED. SCHEME DETECTED.
Della (DT-87)
Hi, sweetie! I thought you might try to worm your way out of being grounded so I had Gyro program the DT-87 to babysit you AND to stop you from scheming. Hopefully, it doesn't turn evil. Love you!
Louie: Wow, DT! New screen looks great. Listen, I wanna know what the rules are so I can follow them. What is considered a scheme? Is it different from a "plan", or a "plot", and where do you come down on "ruses"?
(DT-87 beeps)
Louie: Exactly! We need clarification, so I'll just pop over to Big Rock Candy Mountain to ask my mom for a clear definition. Yep, just so we're on the same page, you know.
DT-87
REQUEST DENIED. SCHEME DETECTED.
Louie: What?!
DT-87
SCHEME DETECTED. (fires electric bolts at Louie, incinerating his bindle)
Louie: Oh, come on, that was a playful deception at best!
(At Waddle.)
Beaks: I dunnoooooooo, G-gle.
Glomgold: What don't you know? We team up to take down Scrooge and his family. The drawings are very clear. (holds up drawings, which are not clear at all)
Beaks: Yeah, I don't take down, I build. My rep. Check it! My own online currency, B-B-B-B-BeaksCoin! (shows it on screen) It is worth more than every dollar in the world, combined.
Big Time grabs Beaks by his clothes.
Big Time: Tell us where it is!
Beaks: It's in the Cloud?
Bouncer looks out the window and sees a cloud. He picks up Burger and throws him through the window.
Ma: This is a waste of time. Let's roll.
Glomgold: (to Ma) But we need him to fight Gyro's technological doohickery.
Ma: (to Glomgold) Then, manipulate him. Works like a charm on my kids. (out loud) Beaks isn't a real threat anyway.
Beaks: I'm sorry, what?
Glomgold: Oh, right, fine, er... Yes! What kind of "weak, non-threatening hack" would rely on "technology" to defeat Scrooge? (He and Ma give Beaks a smug grin.)
Beaks: Ex-cuse you?! Technology is the jam! (falls off desk, quickly standing up.) I can wipe out your past, your future, your entire existence with a swipe of my finger! Because I am the future - and yes, "broseph" and "brosephine", I am Scrooge's downfall! I am Mark Beaks!
He laughs while making finger pistols and shooting them, making "pew" noises as he does.
Beaks: I'm in.
Glomgold: Welcome to the family. (He takes out the family photo and pastes a Mark Beaks head over Gyro's.)
Burger falls into the bushes outside the building, causing everyone to look.
Back at McDuck Manor, DT-87 is standing guard outside Louie's room.
Louie: zzz... Snoring... zzz... no need to check...
DT-87 deactivates the lasers in front of Louie's room and goes to check on him, finding a dummy hidden in his bed.
Louie: Definitely snoring...
DT-87 chases after another Louie and throws open the curtain where he's hiding, only to discover another fake.
"Louie" (tape recording)
Fine, you caught me. Look, I feel terrible. I deserve to stay here in the dark to think about my actions.
DT-87 narrows its eyes and smashes the tape recorder. The real Louie crawls out of bed behind the first dummy.
Louie: Yes! Classic double-dummy fakeout!
He climbs out of the window with a bindle, but stops when DT-87 floats up in front of him.
Louie (deep voice)
Um, I am also a fake- (gets zapped)
Meanwhile, Glomgold's hot air balloon is being fired upon by the Iron Vulture, Don Karnage's battleship. One cannonball goes through the basket right next to Beaks.
Beaks: Why are we here!?
Glomgold: We need a pilot! (points to Launchpad on the photo)
Ma: You could have just hired one!
Glomgold: With that kind of small thinking, we'll never beat Scrooge!
Behind the balloon, the beak of the Iron Vulture begins to open. Burger tries to warn the group, but the balloon is brought in and subsequently deflated. Big Time flees from a sword-wielding pirate, Mark Beaks is curled up in a corner whimpering, and Don Karnage and Glomgold are dueling with a sword and cane.
Don Karnage: So, you seek the assistance of the charismatic corsair, the resplendent privateer, the...
Glomgold: Ugh, can we move this along? We're kind of on a deadline. Join us and we'll give you the vengeance that you claim!
Don Karnage subdues Glomgold and then, holds him at sword point.
Don Karnage: Everyone, take five!
Everyone stops fighting. Bouncer punches one of Don Karnage's crew members away.
Don Karnage: I will join you, but I, Don Karnage, must be the one to strike our foe down.
Glomgold: No way! I've got dibs on destroying Scrooge! It's my whole thing!
Don Karnage: Scrooge? No, no, no, no. I want Dewey Duck.
Ma: Uh, which one's Dewey?
Don Karnage: The blue one. The one who dared steal the spotlight from Don Kar...!
Glomgold: Sure, fine. Whatever.
Don Karnage: Can I also sing... as well?
All in unison: No!
Don Karnage: But I can destroy Dewey Duck?
Glomgold: Yes.
Glomgold and Don Karnage laugh maniacally.
Glomgold: Now we're ready. Family, set a course for McDuck Manor! The moment of reckoning is at hand!
Don Karnage: Wait, who is that under your thumb?
Glomgold: The whole world will be under my thumb when I- oh. (removes thumb from photo) Ach, I forgot to get a Webby.
Big Time: But we need a Webby! We can't take on Scrooge without a freakishly strong wild card!
Beaks: Ooh, you know who might be fun? (shows Glomgold his phone)
Glomgold: No. Absolutely not.
Bouncer: She is Scrooge's greatest enemy...
Glomgold: (gasps) How dare you! We don't need her! As head of this family, what I say goes!
Ma: Family vote. All in favour?
Everyone else raises their hand.
Glomgold: Fine, let's go get Magica DeSpell.
Magica: Behold, in my wand lies the strength to fracture the cosmos. I will make the world tremble at my slightest scour.
Kid: Ooh, I want a doggie balloon.
Magica: Here's a snake. Once I re-harness my powers, I'll turn you all in to snakes.
Kid: What?
Magica: Happy birthday.
Glomgold: Why do we want her? She's lost most of her powers.
Don Karnage: Perhaps it's a ruse. Perhaps she's biding her time before striking down her unsuspecting victims.
Kid: Ah choo!
Mark Beaks: she's always.
Bouncer: She's good.
Ma Beagle: Or maybe you'd rather not destroy Scrooge and lose all your money to him instead.
Glomgold: Ugh, fine. I'll go talk to her.
Funso: 2, 3, 4.
Funso Employees and Magica: (singing)
Happy happy birthday,
look how much you've grown,
It's a happy birthday,
cause now, you're in the zone.
Funzo: The fun zone! (elbows Magica for not dancing) heh heh eh eh.
Glomgold: This is me pretending to talk. I hate Scrooge more than you if I could. Peas and carrots, peas and carrots, peas and carrots, vegetables. Sorry, guys. Magica said she's not interested. Gah!
Magica: Not interested in what? (applause)
Glomgold: Nothing. You're obviously very busy here. Just all of Scrooge's enemies led by his greatest rival, me, are teaming up to ta-
Magica: Take out his family, and get our grim vengeance on Clan McDuck, and then we shall return here, and declare war against the day manager, and all children with birthdays!
Funso: De Spell, what did we say about declaring magical war on children? (laughing)
Magica: Not to. (Funso leaves. Turns to Glomgold) I couldn't be more in.
Glomgold: Ah, blind, petty revenge. That's what family's all about. Speaking of family, let's go end Scrooge's!
All: (sinsister laughter)
Big Time: You guys, our family is awesome.
Louie: (Impersonating Huey) Help, DT87, Louie tricked me in this closet and took my place. DT87, ahem mimimimimi. DT87, the Junior Woodchuck Guidebook states- (normal voice) There it is. (Huey's voice) DT87, it's me, Huey.
DT87
Incoming call from, Huey.
Huey: Hey, Louie. Cool hat.
Louie: Thanks a lot, Huey!
Huey: You would love this place. We're floating up a river of fresh, natural spring Pep.
Louie: What? Really? Describe the flavor to me in intimate detail.
Della: Describe nothing! He hasn't earned it. (gasp) It's the Hobo King on a gold silk reclining throne. He's glorious.
Louie: Just turn the camera slightly to the right. Aw, it's not fair. what is so wrong with an innocent scheme?
DT87
Accessing footage.
Della: Ethics is concerned with how your actions negatively affect those around you.
Louie: Ugh.
Della: (sigh) Look, your plans, your schemes, they only lead to bad things for your family. If you want to be a part of this family, you've got to stop.
Louie: Hngh, This is the one thing I'm good at. Why can't you see?
The villains are preparing to attack: Ma Beagle: Alright, hotshot. You got everybody, now what do we do?
Glomgold: What our family does best. Destroy his.
Louie: (gasp)
The iron vulture attacks McDuck Manor.
DT87
Scheme detected. Scheme detected. (Bouncer smashes DT87 to the ground) Scheme detected. Scheme detected detected.
Louie: Must call Gizmoduck. Must call the military. Must call anybody.
Mark Beaks: Do do do. We're sorry. The number you're trying to reach has been blocked cause we're invading your house. Alright, see you in a sec, 'kay thanks. Bye.
Duckworth: Hm, (as Demonworth) Get out!
Magica: A demon butler. How quaint. Would you like to take my coat, shawl, or ghost banishing amulet? Hah!
Duckworth: Auugh! Augh!
Glomgold: Daddy's home. Ah ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Louie: Oh no! Magica De Spell!
Glomgold: Huh? Grr. We've come for McDuck and family. So, uh, are the others here?
Louie: N- No, they're all gone.
Glomgold: Oh, I see. Family meeting, augh!
Ma Beagle: Unbelievable. You didn't even check if they were home?
Glomgold: Don't start with me, Katherine.
Don Karnage: Dewey's not even here? But this one means nothing to me.
Magica: Look, we're here. Why don't we annihilate the green one as sort of a warm up?
Louie: And then what? What was your scheme here, exactly? Just show up and fight?
Ma Beagle: Of course not. I'm sure Flintheart had a perfectly good plan and- ugh.
Glomgold: My scheme was to bring us all together like a family, and then our family destroys his family. How is that not a plan?
All: (start to advance on Glomgold)
Glomgold: A good scheme is like a family. It can be big, complicated, frustrating, and people may not always understand it. But when the individual parts come together, they can achieve the impossible. And a family united is the finest scheme of all.
Big Time: (choked up)
Ma Beagle: Who cares? In half an hour, McDuck's gonna win the bet, and become twice as rich and powerful.
Mark Beaks: All those resources.
Magica: All those magical artifacts. None of us will be able to destroy him.
Don Karnage: He will become untouchable.
Big Time: What do we do now, New Pa?
Glomgold: Uh, even if I lose my fortune, we can still kill McDuck.
Ma Beagle: Well then, your fortune goes to his family.
Glomgold: Then we'll destroy his whole family. Ah ha ha ha ha!
Louie: I know how you can win the bet, but I want in.
Owlson: Mr. McDuck, I believe congratulations are in order.
Scrooge: Why, thank you Owlson. We're looking forward to having you on the team.
Owlson: Obviously I'm upset that I'll be forced to work with a successful, competent businessman who can make all my business dreams come true. Very sad day. It's a very sad day.
Scooge: Where is Flinty, anyway?
Della: I'm gonna head to the mansion to give Louie his hobo souvenir. I'm worried about him.
Huey: The DT87 hasn't reported a single scheme in 24 hours. Everything's fine.
Scrooge: Yuh.
Glomgold: Not so fast, McDuck!
Scrooge: I knew this day would come. Magica's grand revenge.
Glomgold: I'm clearly standing in front!
both families square off.
Glomgold: Lo, our moment is at hand. For years, I schemed the one. Now, I've added the family strength to my grand vision. Scrooge will bow before Clan Glomgold-
Magica: And then cower before Magica De Spell, whose hatred is unbound by time and space.
Ma Beagle: Your time is up, McDuck. The Mighty Beagleburg will rise again!
Mark Beaks: For a new day is on the horizon and it belongs to those with the superior intellect, A.K.A. me.
Don Karnage: And I, the supreme ruler of the skies, Don Karnage, seeks not Scrooge, but his nefarious nephew, Dewey Duck: Villains: (talking over each other)
Glomgold: Hey, we can't all make declarations of hatred at the same time, (quickly) and the name of vengeance shall be Glomgold! Ugh! Wait! Not yet!
Fight ensues: Huey: Ugh, it's not my fault I'm a better showman.
Mark Beaks: I surrender! Where's Gyro? I'm supposed to be fighting Gyro!
Fight continues: Magica: Out of my way, McDuck is mine!
Glomgold: I never promised that!
Magica: Fine, we'll split him, but I get the top half.
Glomgold: No! that's the part that screams! Ah!
Scrooge: (panting)
Magica: Not so fast!
Glomgold: You're not so fast. I'm the fastest.
Louie: Hey! Everybody knock it off!
Family: Louie?
Louie: This is not the plan.
Family: Louie!
Scrooge: Lad, are you helping them?
Glomgold: That's right, Scrooge. You didn't win the bet. I did!
Family: Wait, what?
Glomgold: It was I, Flintheart Glomgold, who convinced all the other villains to ban together.
Louie: And it was I, Louie Duck, who convinced them to hand their resources over to Glomgold. Combined, they actually have more money than you. I saved your lives, but...
Scrooge: Glomgold wins the bet? Bless me bagpipes.
Glomgold: I did it. I won the bet, and your company with a scheme sorted out by your own nephew, or should I say, my new partner.
Scrooge: (gasp)
Glomgold: And now I have your money, and your money.
Don Karnage: Hey!
Glomgold: I don't need any of you. I am the richest duck in the world! I am unstoppable! I am Flintheart Glomgold! Ah ha ha ha ha ha! Ah ha ha ha ha ha!
Louie: Ha ha ha ha ha, Yep, Flintheart Glomgold won. His name is on all the paperwork. Only your name's not really Flintheart Glomgold. It's-
Scrooge and Glomgold: Duke Baloney!
Louie: Flintheart Glomgold is a fake identity. so all your money, all your money, and all your money goes to your new partner, who is, hold on one sec, just let me check right here, oh right, me. Always read the fine print, trademark Louie Duck.
Glomgold: What?! But that was my scheme! I got the family together! I was gonna steal their money from them after I won! I... (The other villains approach Glomgold in anger from behind.) ...can explain.
Magica: Let me get this straight. You stole all of our fortunes and lost it all to a child?!
Big Time: I wish I never had a new pa!
Big Time runs away crying. Ma Beagle strikes Glomgold with her handbag.
Ma: You scarred him for life! (continues hitting him with her handbag.) That's my job!
Burger tries to punch a dazed Glomgold, accidentally punching Bouncer and breaking his fingers at the same time as he yelps in pain. Glomgold is then confronted by Don Karnage.
Don Karnage: How could you betray us after such a dramatic speech about family?!
Don Karnage and Glomgold duel again until Glomgold disarms Don Karnage with his cane, Glomgold backs up as he approaches Mark Beaks using his phone.
Mark: Face Punch app! (He ends up punching himself instead, falling over.) Ow, ow, ow, selfie mode.
Magica: You've made a powerful enemy! I have enough hate in my heart for two Scottish billionaires!
Scrooge, Della, and the kids watch as Magica beats up Glomgold off-screen.
Scrooge: Should we do something?
Glomgold: Ahh!
Louie: Eh, it'll take care of itself.
The villains corner Glomgold on the edge of the cliff as Glomgold adds a new beard until he jumps, falls into the ocean while screaming, and swims away.
Glomgold: Curse you, everyone!
The other villains take back their fortunes, board the Iron Vulture, and leave. Louie watches them leave until he finds himself confronted by his mother approaching him, arms crossed, and then glaring down at him.
Louie: Mom, I know I messed up before, but seeing all the angles is what I'm good at.
Della: (With a smile on her face, she picks up Louie and hugs him.) Okay, but you need to take care to not hurt the ones you love. And I'll be here to help you see the angles you can't. Now all you have to do is turn the new company over to Scrooge, and everything will go back to normal.
Scrooge: Louie! Louie?
Louie: Hmm...