Episode opens with Scrooge in his office at the Mansion, treasure spread across his desk.
Scrooge: Something is terribly wrong.
Scrooge begins walking through the Mansion.  Grunting is heard and Scrooge opens a door to find Webby, Lena, and Violet fighting a werewolf.
Scrooge: No. That's not it. (closes door)
Scrooge walks down the stairs hears faint wind noises and opens the door to the kitchen. Inside, Beakley and Dewey are caught in a windstorm stemming from a teapot.
Dewey: Woah!
Scrooge: Tempest in a teapot. (closes door) Pesky, but manageable.
Scrooge approaches another door. In the living room, Della and Huey are dressed in fantasy game costumes in preparation for a game. On the projection screen is a loading screen for Legends of Legend Quest Dereznaroth.
Della and Huey: A prophesied hero has arrived.  A hero who is- You!  Rise, Legends of Legend Quest!
Scrooge: I mean, this is very wrong, but it's not this either. (closes door, returns to his office) I've checked the whole blasted mansion.  What could it be?
Scrooge's eyes widen as he sees his chair turned away, the person sitting in it is flipping a coin into the air.  Goldie swivels around to face him.
Goldie: Morning, Scroogie.
Scrooge: Goldie!? What are you doing here!?
Louie: She's with me.
Intro: Louie, Goldie, and Scrooge walk down the hallway.
Scrooge: Why? How? Why!? (runs forward to prevent Goldie from swiping a clock, Goldie holds up her hands)
Louie: Your whole work really hard, make money square thing doesn't really work for me.  Goldie's make money easy with no downsides works much better with Louie Inc. brand. (Scrooge prevents Goldie from swiping a mask and set of spears)
Scrooge: Hands off, you common thief! (Smacks Goldie's hand away from books with his cane, she pickpockets him instead. Scrooge takes the coins back out of her hand.)  Don't let her get too close, lad.
Louie: Please, I'm a professional, I can handle this.
Cut to Louie locked in a trunk as Goldie robs his room.
Louie: How did this go so wrong so quickly!?
Goldie: (Picks up Louie's golden statue.) Rule number 1, kid: if you want to pick a pocket, you gotta get close. (steps on a creaky board, flips back the rug and opens it) Better luck next time, rookie.
Louie: Rookie!?  I'll have you know I'm the evil triplet, okay!
Goldie: (removes a bag of money from the floorboard) Sure, you're the scariest bunny in the pet shop.  Let me guess, you see all the angles, you're the sharper than the sharpies?  Didn't see this angle, Sharpie. (dumps out the trashcan on the desk)
Louie: (crying sounds) Louie Incorporated is my dream, but no one believes that I can do it.  I know I'll never be able to work harder than Scrooge, but I-I thought maybe I could learn to be clever like you, like my hero? (chest starts to open)
Goldie: (sits on the chest) Not bad.  Was that a Crocodile Water Works?
Louie: The hero's guilt trip with a lone wolf gambit: Goldie: You know your cons. (picks up a golden piece of paper) Hmm... (Opens the chest lid and Louie pops up)
Louie: So you'll teach me?
Goldie: (showing a letter) Only if you can get me in here.
Louie: No! No way! (shuts himself back in the chest) Not Doofus Drake's birthday!
The letter reads  Doofus Drake's Septleventh Birth Anniversary Join the Obscenely Rich... and the Richly Obscene...
Cut back to the living room: Della: I can't believe this game's still around! Scrooge and Donald used to come home to sleep after an adventure, but this baby let me quest all night long!
Huey: This is gonna be epic!
Transition into the video game.  Della's character has sci-fi armor and a large sword. Pan over to Huey's character who wears peasant clothes.
Huey: Let's do this! (begins using a hoe to farm)
Della: So, what do you think the word epic means? (Huey taps the ground and a barrier around the farm appears.) Epic. Real epic. So what's first? Raid the Cyber Troll Citadel?  Crash the wedding of Princess Username and the demonic, yet alluring heartthrob goblin?
Huey: Invaders! (Della summons her sword, Huey attacks bugs with his hoe.)  Stay away from my data farm! Yah!  These Grind Hoppers drop three XP.
Della: But the impractically giant weapons!?  The high-stakes adventure!?
Huey: Ha, ha. You want high stakes?  If I don't defend this crop, the whole village won't have turnips this season. So- watch out! (Della blasts the bug with her canon)  You're doing it!
Transition to Doofus's party. Elevator doors open and the Beagle Boys are among the guests in family-like clothing. There is also a head-to-toe purple dressed bird with blonde hair and a cane. Mark Beaks is doing a selfie with a small parrot on his back. Mrs. Drake is carrying a tray and beside her, Randy is having a lollipop. Louie tries to stay in the elevator, Goldie pushes him out.  A Beagle Boy pulls a plank out of his mouth, the sign behind says 'Bobbing for splinters'.
Louie: (reading the cake) 'Not full of hair'?  The fact that he has to say it... (gasps, seeing the party favor table) there's got to be-
Louie and Goldie: 457 million dollars and seventeen cents-
Louie: - worth of stuff here!
Louie attempts to take a bag, his hand is smacked away by Doofus's mom.
Doofus's Mom: Gift bags for guests as they depart, full of priceless heirlooms from Doofus's beloved Gummeemama, Frances.
Doofus's Mom and Dad: Gummeemama... (a gong rings)
Doofus's Dad: The hour is at hand.
Louie: Great party, can't wait to tell my therapist about it when I'm older! (Steals two bags and runs, Goldie chases after him) Bye!
Goldie: (brings the bags back to the table) Nope.
Louie: What?  Pretend to be family, bolt with our gift bags. That's the con! Ah! (Goldie smacks his hand away as he reaches for the bags again)
Goldie: No, that's just being a bad party guest.  Besides, we're not common thieves, we're con artists.  And we're getting all the bags.
Louie: And how are we supposed to do that?
Goldie: If I told you the whole plan upfront, you'd never learn anything.  Also, I don't know yet.
Doofus's Dad: Ladies and Gentlemen, I give you perfection. (Pan to see a giant seashell in the pool while Doofus's Mom plays a harp.)  I give you grace.  I give you the universe's perfect widdle angel, Doofus Drake.  (the shell is empty)
Doofus: Hello, Llewelyn.
Louie: (Screams) I mean, happy birthday!
Doofus: It warms my heart to see all my wonderful friends and your loving parents. (He nearly knocks Louie into the pool, Goldie grabs Louie's hand to prevent him from falling in.)  It reminds me of my dear departed Gummeemama...
Doofus's Mom and Dad: Gummeemama: Doofus: ...the only parent I've ever known.
Doofus's Dad: Why does he hurt me?
Doofus's Mom: You know why.
Doofus: Unfortunately, there are filthy liars in our midst only after my gift bags! (Louie tries to hide behind Goldie, Goldie moves away.) Perceval P Peppington!
Louie: He can smell lies!
Doofus: Perceval, you disappoint me. If you're going to hire an actor to pretend to be your son, at least hire a child actor!
Johney: Hey, I've got range!
Perceval: This is some mix-up, I must have left my real son in the car. I'll go get him. (Jumps as Doofus appears in front of him.)
Doofus: Would you like to see my honey bin?
Perceval: Don't you mean money bin?
Doofus: No. (Presses a button and Perceval falls through a trapdoor in the floor and Randy is blasted into the air by a spring.) So many liars! (Ejects six Beagle Boys through the floor trap doors.)
Louie: Oh man!  Everyone was pulling the same con as us!
Goldie: And we're the last ones standing.
Louie: Not exactly...
Pan over to where Glomgold has a puppet and Mark Beaks is standing next to the grey parrot child who was on his shoulders earlier.
Glomgold: Sharkbomb, my boy, meet Doofus! (as Sharkbomb) Get off my back, Dad!
Doofus scrutinizes Sharkbomb.
Doofus: Your blank stare is soothing. (Hugs Sharkbomb)
Goldie: That's an awful lot of competition, maybe you should keep your distance, Sharpie.
Louie: No way! This is perfect, we expose the others as phonies to gain Doofus's trust, then get out of here with their leftover bags before we're exposed.
Goldie: Ambitious, dangerously overconfident... let's do it!
Louie: Mark Beaks!  Meet my grandma- (Goldie smacks the back of Louie's head) Ow! Super young aunt Goldie, and- uh- wait, since when do you have a kid?
Beaks: Since I realized how many likes family pics get online.  Selfie burst! (Does multiple selfies while making scatting noises)
Boyd: (right in Louie's face after he was blinded by Beak's camera) Hi! I'm Boyd!
Louie: Sure you are.
Beaks: Yeah, I love this- what was it- son! Anyways, look at all the cool stuff we did yesterday! (On his cellphone, Beaks shows images of himself and Boyd, one of them being at a punk rock concert, another of them hanging out at Lester Possum Park, another of the pair at the Duckburg Aquarium with Mark Beaks wearing a squid hat and Boyd wearing a hat resembling Flounder and in the fish tank a whale shark resembling Destiny, the pair showing some mountains and Boyd flying a kite in the presence of his father.)
Doofus: Awe, family memories. (Goes over and starts kissing the image of his grandma riding on a centaur version of Doofus in the forest, which is tattooed to Doofus's Dad's stomach. Glomgold covers Sharkbomb's eyes.  Doofus's Dad cringes.)
Glomgold: Aye, what loving parent wouldn't keep a picture of his kid handy? (Pulls out a wallet that shows Glomgold and Sharkbomb in different costumes.)
Beaks: Goldie, was it? (Louie sneaks towards the photo booth) You must have pics of your "nephew" (air quotes)
Goldie: Uh- of course I do.  They're right here in my purse... The question is which one, because I love him soo much. (Louie hugs her and slips the photos into her purse.) How can I chose just one?  So I have four.  Look at that roguish twinkle in his eye.
Doofus: That's nice. (Claps his hands and his parents pull off his suit to reveal a bathing suit underneath.)  Pool time! (His parents lift him up and walk him into the pool.)
Goldie: Not bad. Now we go on the offense.  Tell me, who's our first mark?
Glomgold: Sharkbomb, get in the pool, ya wee whipper snapper! (as Sharkbomb) Don't tell me what to do, old man! (as himself) Old man!? Can an old man do this!? (Tries to scooter, fails.)
Louie: Him.
Goldie: Definitely him.
Cut back to the game world and Huey has a look of seriousness.
Huey: Steady, steady, steady!  The fate of Reznorath rests in your hands! (Pans out to show Della with a watering can) Water too much and you risk drowning the root system!
Della: (Looking over her shoulder at a noise) A check point!  You could cash in all the experience points you have from bashing Grind Hoppers, level up, and really start playing this game!
Huey: Nah.  If I step outside the shield, I could die and lose all my XP. (Shows his XP)
Della: Whoa!  With that much XP, you could be the Duke of Destruction!
Huey: Too dangerous, I mean, the check point's way over there.
Check point is shown to be just beyond the force-field boundaries.
Launchpad: Woohoo! I'm the master of the sky! (Is riding a dragon) Look at me go!  I'm surprising myself! This is amazing.
Della: (To herself) Perfect! (To Huey) I mean, oh no! We should help Launchpad fight that dragon!
Huey: Eh, too risky.  But if you want to, go ahead.
Della: Really? (Huey creates an opening in the shield) Okay here I go, facing off against the dangerous monster! (Blasts the dragon and it dissolves)  Uh, that was easy!  Even though it seems scary, and now I can level up! (She and Launchpad run to the check point) What a great life lesson!
Launchpad and Della: Woo!  Jet packs!
Huey watches them fly away.
Back at the party, Louie is floating on a chair, Goldie is suntanning, Beaks and Boyd are taking pictures, and Glomgold and Sharkbomb are also in the pool.  Doofus prepares to jump off the diving board into the pool.  Louie pops up beside Glomgold.
Louie: Hey, Flintheart, can I talk to Sharkbomb in private for a second?
Glomgold: Oh...ah...certainly... (Takes a large breath and dives under the water)
Louie: Sharkbomb, can I tell you a secret?
Sharkbomb makes bubbling noises since Glomgold is under water.
Louie: Great!  I think my aunt has the hots for your dad.
Glomgold resurfaces.
Glomgold: She does!? (Goldie takes off her glasses) I mean... (As Sharkbomb) As if.  Ew!  Barfaroma! (As himself) You're making me look like a fool! (Sharkbomb) You don't need my help, geezer!
Glomgold smacks himself with Sharkbomb, both of them diving under the water. They wrestle, before jumping onto the deck where Glomgold tears Sharkbomb's head off.  He freezes as everyone stares.  He licks Sharkbomb's head and puts it on backwards. He grins nervously, giving a thumbs up.  Doofus gives him a thumbs down, and Glomgold falls through a trapdoor, holding on by only Sharkbomb.
Glomgold: Don't let go Sharkbomb! (As Sharkbomb) Don't tell me what to do! (Glomgold falls into the dark)
Goldie: Oh, pretty sharp, Sharpie! (Bumps him on the chin with her fist) You're a natural!
Louie: Those gift bags are as good as-
Boyd and Beaks push Louie and Goldie out of the pool.
Boyd: Ever so sorry- (Beaks glares) I mean, hashtag you're all wet!
Boyd and Beaks: Pew! Pew! Pew! Pew!
Louie: Oh, they're going down!
Goldie: Oh, yes! (Hits deck with her fist.)
Back in the game, Huey surveys his crops.
Huey: The garden is tended. Now, the greatest adventure of all: waiting.
Huey starts to fidget, looks up to see Della fighting an Ork.
Della: (Gasp) The Blazer Scythe!
Huey: No.  No fighting. (Struggles with himself, then walks over to Della) Hey, Mom?  I was thinking, I should step out of my comfort zone... Maybe head to the check point?
Della: Really!?  Yeah!  Mother and son against the Gigaswarm!  Will we survive!?
Huey winces back in fear.
Della: Yeah, of course we will, (Blasts a ork without even looking at it.) it's right over there.  Okay buddy, you got this.  Every journey begins with a single step.
Huey: I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this, I got this. (Lowers the barrier)
Della smiles and Huey looks towards the check point as a monster comes and destroys his crops.
Huey: My rutabagas!!
Della: Typically your step would be in the other direction!
Huey: I should never try anything new!
Cut to a pinball machine titled 'Doofus's Destruction'.  Boyd is playing while Beaks and Doofus watch.
Boyd: It's like the machine speaks to me, is that strange?
Goldie: What dirt have you dug up on Boyd?
Louie: I got nothing! He's friendly, he's freakishly strong, and he gets along weirdly well with Doofus!
Doofus pets Boyd's head.
Goldie: There's gotta be some weak spot... something in their history?
Louie pulls out his phone and starts scrolling through pictures.
Louie: All I've found are hundreds of photos of them being perfect together!  Wait... where are the baby pictures?  Beaks would never pass up that sweet click-bait!
Goldie: Click what now?
Louie: What's this weird Wi-Fi network?  Beaks Optimistic Youth Droid?
Goldie: Oh! B. O. Y. D.  Boyd!
Louie and Goldie: He's a robot!
Goldie: How are we supposed to trip up a boy bot who's programed to be perfect?
Louie: Get close, don't get caught.  Do you know how many evil robots I have faced!? (Laughs) Too many.  (Walks over to Boyd) Wow, Boyd!  You said you've only been playing since yesterday?
Boyd: Yes!  Daddy took me to Funzo's and we played all the games, and then had ice cream and flew kites!
Louie: Big day! (laughs) What did you do two days ago?
Boyd: (Laughs awkwardly) I can't seem to remember... (sparks) Why can't I remember!?
Beaks: I dunno sport, uh, maybe it was all that ice cream, huh? (Boyd sparks again)
Doofus: What's wrong with my friend?  Is it something my butler did? (Glares at the butler.  The butler drops the presents he was carrying and jumps over the side of the platform.)
Louie: I think he's a little over stimulated, we'll have to remember that for your birthday.  Hey, when were you born, again?
Boyd: Yesterday! (His smile falls) Wait- (Sparks and eyes go technicolor) That's not right!
Beaks: No, no, no! Do not peer behind the curtain of reality, Bud!
Boyd tosses the pin ball machine over the side.  Camera switches to his view 'Fly Swatter Mode Activated'.  Lasers start firing from his eyes.
Boyd: Does not compute!  Compute!?  No!  I am not a computer! (The lasers nearly hit the butler who has just come back up the elevator, he hits the button to go back down.  Boyd tosses the 'Not Full of Hair' cake onto the maid.) I am definitely a real boy!
Boyd comes to a stop as his eyes melt.  His eyes go dead and he falls into the pool.  Louie is horrified.
Beaks: Oh, man.  Gonna need like a real big bag of rice.
Doofus: My party! (Beaks falls through a trap door.  Doofus takes his phone.)  No!  No, no, no, no!
Louie looks horrified at the pool.  Goldie picks him up and swings him around.
Goldie: Sharpie!  You conned that boy bot right out of sentience!  Maybe we should team up on a more permanent basis.
Louie: Really?  Y-You mean it?
Goldie: This looks like the beginning of a fruitful partnership. (She and Louie shake hands.)
Doofus: I swore after last year, no one's eyes would melt out of their heads. Who is responsible for this?
Louie: Uh oh, We ran out of chumps to...
Goldie: (points to Louie) He did it.
Louie: WHAT?
Goldie: Llewelyn Duck, I am SO disappointed. Ruining poor Doofus's party. Trying to take the extra bags for yourself. Who raised you?
Louie: Not you, Lady. She is a frau-- (gets beak clamped by Goldie)
Goldie: Children can be so cruel.
Doofus's Mom: Doofus makes us share a fork.
Goldie: You march home right this instant. And to teach you a lesson, I'm going to take your gift bags and donate them to charity. (whispers to Louie) It's me. The charity is me.
Louie: What happened to working together?
Goldie: Sorry, Sharpie. I only work for myself. (loudly) I want you gone, Mister.
Doofus: That can be arranged.
Doofus reactivates Boyd who reemerges from the pool.
Boyd: Hi, I'm Boyd, a definitely real boy, and I'm going to DESTROY YOU!
Louie: Ahh Help! You're a real boy. You're a sweet, kind, real boy, I swear. Ow, stop.
Goldie: What are you doing?
Doofus: It's pinata time. I'm the world champion. But I've never hunted the most dangerous pinata: man.
Louie: No! uh, tell me about your hobbies, friend. Recharging, signalling other devices. AHHHHH no nononononononono: Goldie: STOP!
Doofus: You passed the test. What a loving parent, willing to sacrifice herself for such a foul child. You've given me a great birthday gift, Llewelyn: a new Gummeemama.
Goldie: I'm sorry, what?
Doofus: Long reign Goldie-mama.
Doofus's mom and dad: Goldie-mama.
Doofus: Take thine bags and go.
Goldie: What?
Louie gets ejected out of the tree house with the gift bags.
Louie: AAAHHH! oof!
Huey: NO ALL MY CROPS! This is my nightmare.
Della: Oh Huey, Help!
Huey: No Mom, I'm not strong enough, yet.
Huey goes to cash in all his XP.
Della: His power level: it's over nine thousand.
Huey: Make way for the Duke. Get away from my mom!
Della: Whoh. Well at least he's out of his comfort zone.
Louie: I did it! I'm a millionaire! wahoo! Who's the sharpie now, Goldie? I'm out here, rich, and you're in there suffering who knows what unspeakable horrors, after you turned on me, saved my life which is probably part of her big con somehow. She broke her own rules. She got too close, and she got caught. She's on her own.
Doofus put Goldie in a glass cage.
Doofus: Tell me a story, Goldie-mama.
Doofus's Mom and Dad.
Goldie-mama: Goldie: Well, this one time I was trapped in a dimension where imps jabbed me with a million tiny splinters as they whispered my most devastating failures in my ear. This is worse.
Doofus: Ha ha, Good one, tell me another.
Louie: Party's over Doofus. Give me my aunt back.
Doofus: She's mine, you hear? Minions!
Doofus's mom and dad: Parents.
Doofus: Attack!
Boyd falls through the ceiling, and uses his eyes to cut a hole in the glass imprisoning Goldie.
Doofus: But how?
Louie: Guess what you dropped in the gift bags? (presents Doofus's cell phone) See, I don't think you need a Gummeemama...
Doofus's mom and dad: Gumeemama.
Louie: Knock it off. I think you need someone your own age to get close to. Happy birthday, Doofus, I got you a new baby brother. He's only a day old.
Boyd: Mommy? Daddy?
Doofus's mom: Come here, son.
Doofus: No. No, you will obey me. I'll cut off your money.
Boyd: Don't worry. I'll transfer half of Gummeemama's money out of Doofus's account and into mine. After all, she was my Gummeemama, too.
Doofus: What? No, she was my Gummeemama, (whispering) my Gummeemama, mine, (loudly) you sentimetal toaster.
Doofus's mom: Don't you speak to your brother that way. You're grounded, indefinably.
Doofus: He's not even my brother!
Doofus's dad: I'm free.
Doofus: I'll get you for this, Llewellyn Duck!
Louie: Oh give it time, if you get close enough to someone they start to feel like family, right Goldie?
Louie notices Goldie is missing along with...
Louie: The gift bags!
The camera cuts to the gaming world: Huey: AHHH [Huey punches the Nightmare Beast to oblivion leaving particles] I will destroy you!
Cut to the physical world, Della pulls the melted down Huey away from the pc.
Della: It's done. You slayed him. He already-- This is probably out of your comfort zone. You're in too deep.
Louie: I got in too deep! I had the money! I was in the clear!
Scrooge: Crocodile's water works.
Louie: Goldie.
Scrooge: I'd say you get used it, but that would be a lie.
Louie: I thought I'd found someone who really got me, we had a connection.
Scrooge: When you spend all your time looking for an angle, it's hard to see what is front of your face, and that doesn't make her too sharp, eh lad?
Louie: But why did she save me?
Scrooge: Maybe she let you get close, too.