Episode opens with Lena and Donald sitting in the TV room of the mansion awkwardly.
Donald: I'm sure they'll be back soon. (unintelligible)
Lena: What?
A loud crash sounds.
Lena: Oh! That's probably them.
Scrooge enters the foyer with money bags on his hands and other treasures. Lena and Donald joins him.
Scrooge: Haha! Remember that old saying, kids. "Beans, beans, the magical fruit, just plant your beans then grab some loot."
Huey and Dewey enters the foyer while rolling a huge gold coin.
Dewey: Man, I've been saying that rhyme all wrong.
The coin falls. Donald, Huey, and Dewey strain to carry it. Louie walks in with a crown and jewelry on.
Louie: Don't worry, Uncle Scrooge. We'll take this (pats the coin)so you don't throw out your old man back. (leans on the coin)
Scrooge: Nice try, lad, but you know the drill. All money goes to the bin...
Louie: ...not next of kin.
Louie resignedly takes off the treasure.
Scrooge: Beakley!
Beakley walks in with a cart and a vacuum and easily lifts the coin and the three trying to carry it.
Beakley: Your board of directors called. They say your recent adventures are causing costly damages to the city of Duckburg.
Scrooge: Which I always pay for! Adventure leads to treasure, treasure helps the company, the company helps the town through appreciating investments in long-term civic fiduciary interests.
Beakley: (sarcastically) Yes, what's not to understand? The board has set up a television interview with Roxanne Featherly to help (air quotes) "boost your character."
Scrooge: My character does not need boosting. They're overreacting!
Launchpad: Good news, Mr. McDee! The beanstalk missed the orphanage!
Launchpad starts a chainsaw to cut through the beanstalk.
Scrooge: Ugh. What time is the interview?
Lena is about to put a red jewel into the loot bin when Webby appears, carrying a stone totem head. She hides the jewel.
Webby: Lenaaaaa! (hugs Lena)
Lena: Yeah, I'm not really a hugger.
Webby: Oh, yeah, no, me neither. Hugs are, like, whatever.... or whatever. (hugs Lena tighter, then lets go) Are you excited for our sleepover? We're gonna brush our teeth, go to bed on time, wake up in the middle of the night confused saying, "Where am I? Oh, that's right. I'm at the best sleepover ever!"
Lena: Mm, so this is your first sleepover?
Webby: Yeah. Last one up the stairs has to brush their teeth twice!
Webby cartwheels and backflips her way up the stairs, leaving Lena alone. Lena slips the jewel into the loot bin. The bin is then taken to the money bin. Upon landing in the bin, it dissolves and begins spreading a magical glow throughout Scrooge's valuables.
Intro plays.
Later that night, Webby and Lena go up the attic.
Webby: (while tucking in a stuffed rabbit) Did you know there's a military-grade bedsheet tuck-in that's often used as an interrogation technique?
Lena: Bathroom?
Webby: Down the hall, on the left.
Lena goes to the bathroom. Magica suddenly appears on the mirror's reflection.
Lena: AAAAH! (clears throat) Aunt Magica.
Magica: (laughs sinisterly) The home of Scrooge McDuck is safe no more! What do we do first?
Lena: My current plan is make popcorn, watch a movie, and then Webby really wants us (takes out a toothbrush) to brush our teeth.
Magica: (tries to snatch the tooth brush away) Dental hygiene can wait! I can feel my powers growing the closer I get to Scrooge's precious Number One Dime. Listen to this. (more sinister laughing)
Lena: The amulet thing is already in the bin. So I just hang out here and wait, right?
Magica: Ugh! You wait here while the Hunter's Stone searches for Scrooge's dime. It will bring the dime to you, you will bring the dime to me, and I will unleash its secret mysterious power, striking from within his very home and laying my grim vengeance upon Scrooge McDuck!
Lena: Mm, mm-hmm. So, just hang out here and wait, right?
Magica: Could you please try to care about our centuries-old blood feud?
Lena: You know what I care about.
Magica: Bleh. Fine. Whatever. Do this and I'll grant you your dark heart's fondest desire. Unless you're too busy hanging out with Pinky McHappyBow over there.
Lena: Relax. It's just an act.
Magica: (the shadow grows bigger) The lunar eclipse is soon at hand, you little whelp! (back to normal) Ugh, don't trust them, Lena. They'd turn on you in an instant if they knew what you really are.
Cut to Webby interrogating the stuffed rabbit from earlier.
Webby: Tell me where the warheads are! (Lena enters the room) We're not done here. (Lena takes a closer look at Webby's bulletin) I made us matching friendship bracelets! (gives Lena the bracelet)
Lena: Mmm, thanks. Hey, what's this board all about?
Webby: This is all the info I collected about the McDuck family. (Lena sees a potrait of Glomgold, Ma Beagle, a picture of Santa Claus, and a paper that says "SCROOGE HATES MAGIC!") Family tree, articles of importance, lifelong foes...
Lena: It says here Scrooge hates magic.
Webby: Oh, yeah, all kinds. Curses, incantations, card tricks. He says magic is a supernatural shortcut for hard work. He won't even allow any spell books in the house..... Wanna see what I snuck into the house?
Back on the attic,  Webby takes out a book titled "So You Love Ponies", which then revealed as a fake cover hiding another book titled "The Grimoire du Merlock".
Webby: The Grimoire du Merlock. An ancient book of magic. Ever wonder what dark forces loom in the shadows, waiting for the right time to pounce?
Lena: Uh, no..... Can't say that I have....
Webby: Ooh, we should try some spells.
Lena: No! Ahem. Uh, how about we.... play a game?
Webby: According to an article I read about slumber parties online, the perfect sleepover game is...
Huey, Dewey and Louie burst In to Webby's room with pillows.
The triplets: Pillow fight!
The triplets are confused to see no one in the room. A pillow from the attic hole knocks Dewey over, followed by more pillows and the girl's battle cry. The girls come down from the attic and start chasing after the triplets.
Dewey: I regret everything!
Huey: Aah! You win!
The triplets retreat back to the hallway.
Webby: Get out! Get out! Get out!
Lena closes the door. The triplets groan while rubbing their pain away.
Huey: Why would we pick a fight with Webby?
Dewey: Ooh! Grab your swim trunks, boys. I know how to salvage the night.
The triplets run through the hallway. Scrooge is sitting on a chair, annoyed.
Scrooge: (insincerely) So, Roxanne, I suppose my greatest weakness is that I care too much.
Beakley: (mimicking Roxanne) Fascinating. Well, Mr. McDuck, I can assure you.... (normal voice) that you will not come off "likeable" to any of that. Unfold those arms, drop the frown, when dealing with the press, SOS: be sincere, open, and smile!
Scrooge: Some find my scowl very appealing. (Beakley sprays him with water) AAAH! (takes cover behind the chair)
Beakley: Press are vultures looking for the next story to feast on.
Scrooge: I can handle a puff piece of reporter.
Beakley: Fine, I'll go easy on you. (mimicking Roxanne) Now Mr. McDuck, I love your accent. (Scrooge looks proud) Tell me, what part of Ireland (Scrooge' scowls) are you from?
Scrooge: Grrr....! (gets sprayed again) (coughs)
The triplets arrive at the Money Bin wearing swim trunks. They take off their tops.
Louie: (with an announcer accent) Up next to the driving board is Dewey Duck, representing the proud country of Dewdonia. When asked if he was concerned about the possibility of injuring himself on the cold hard cash below, he simply replied, "Nerp!" Behold now for his national anthem.
Huey: (singing) Oh, Dewdonia, land of the few. Home of the duck clothed all in bluuuuuuue!
Huey and Louie applause, then high five Dewey.
Louie: Dewey Duck makes his approach. Word it has it he's got a new move: The Triple Corks-dew.
Dewey jumps into the bin.
Dewey: NAAAAAAAILED IIIIIIIIIT- (a money shark jumps and opens its mouth) AAAAAAAAAH! (Dewey gets eaten by the shark)
Huey and Louie screams as they rush back to the mansion. Cut to Webby's drawing of what she thinks of "Dare" in Truth or Dare.
Lena: Aah, okay, it's been 20 minutes. (crumples up the drawing and throws it away) Let me show you how it's done. Truth.
Webby: Okay. What's your deepest, darkest secret?
Lena: Oh, uhm... I-
Huey and Louie barge into the room. Huey pants while Louie reenacts what just happened.
Webby: (gasps) Dewey was eaten by a magical money shark in the bin! What? I'm really good at charades.
Louie: It's just swimming around in there, eating money and children, and money!
Webby: We have to tell Mr. McDuck!
Louie & Lena: No!
Louie: We... might have snuck into the money bin without permission?
Webby: You realize getting your brother eaten is way worse.
Lena: Louie's right! If we tell Scrooge they snuck into the money bin, Scrooge will feed them to the shark himself.
Huey: Well, we need to do something!
Lena: We need to take care of it ourselves. (rolls up her sleeves to show Webby her friendship bracelet) Don't you trust me?
Webby: (looks at her bracelet) Okay. But if there's a monster in the bin, we need a way to keep safe while looking for it.
Huey: Like a boat?
Louie: But how do we get a boat into the money bin?
Launchpad barges into the room, still wearing his pajamas.
Launchpad: My best friend, Dewey's in trouble! I can feel it....
Cut to Launchpad lifting up Donald's houseboat with while Donald is sleeping peacefully on a floatie in the pool. He drops the boat along with Lena, Webby, Huey, and Louie inside the Money Bin. Launchpad joins them and lets go off the helicopter. The helicopter crashes off-screen.
Huey: Now, what do we do?
Launchpad: (dramatically) We wait.
Everyone looks around the bin for the money shark. Huey drags a bag full of gold coins and other expensive stuff.
Huey: You lure real sharks with chums, so logically we should be able to lure a money shark with expensive stuff.
Louie: (takes out a vase and holds it close to him) Oooh, so long, future inheritance.
Louie throws the vase to the pool of gold coins. Meanwhile, Lena is inside the boat by herself. Magica's shadow emerges.
Magica: Haha! I would never have thought to feed Scrooge's family to the Hunter's Stone before it ushers about his destruction. Well done, Lena! Ahahaha!
Lena: (grunts) Next time you give me an amulet that turns into a monster, I'd appreciate a little heads up.
Magica: Uh, that monster has a name! Show Tiffany some respect. (gasps) Are you wearing a colorful, personalized bracelet?
Lena: Wh- (hides her hand) It's not that colorful.
Magica: (laughs) Oh, my sweet, dumb-dumb, little Lena. You're being the worst fool of all: a sentimental fool. You're actually trying to help them.
Lena: No, I had to keep something to keep them from getting Scrooge involved. And I'm sorry if I don't wanna be killed by a money shark!
Magica: I doubt the sincerity of your apology! Now get out there and stall while Tiffany accumulates mass.
Lena: Wait, she's gonna get bigger?
Magica: Oh yes. She's gonna get reaaally big and reaaaally mad until she gets that dime. Just don't get eaten until then.
Cut to Louie taking out a candle from the money bag.
Louie: This is coming out of Dewey's portion of the inheritance.
Tiffany emerges and snatches the candle from Louie.
Dewey: (inside the shark) Heeelp!
Huey, Louie, and Webby watches as Tiffany swims around. Huey takes out his Junior Woodchuck Guidebook.
Huey: (reading the book nervously) Did you know sharks never run out of teeth? They have the most powerful jaws on the planet, on average there are about 100 shark attacks a year.
Louie: Dude! Now is not the time!
Huey: FACTS COMFORT ME WHEN I'M NERVOUS!
Webby takes off her backpack as Lena go upstairs to join them.
Webby: It's clearly a magical creature, so there's only one way to defeat it: (takes out Grimoire du Merlock from her bag) maaaaagiiiiiiic-
Lena: (puts the book back) Noooope!
Huey: It's a shark, and the Junior Woodchuck Guide clearly states once a shark is-
Louie: (points to Tiffany) Back! It's back! Ooh!
The kids watches Tiffany swims around the boat. Launchpad grabs the boat's steering wheel.
Launchpad: I'm just gonna crash into it.
Huey: No, Dewey's in there! (grabs a harpoon gun) Louie, money bags.
Louie ties a money bag to the gun as a bait, then Huey shoots it to the pool of gold. After a while, Tiffany takes the bait.
Huey: Gotcha!
Huey reels in Tiffany without noticing that he steps on a coil of rope connected to the harpoon.
Louie: Hahaha, stupid shark!
Tiffany managed to pull in the gun. Huey's leg gets entangled in the rope and pulled away along with the gun. Louie tries to hold him back at the last moment, but fails and also gets pulled along.
Huey: (reading the Junior Woodchuck Guidebook nervously as he's flying through the air) You know, until the 16th century, sharks are referred to as sea dogs!
Tiffany devours Huey and Louie.
Webby & Lena: Aah!
Launchpad: Oh no, Dewey's brothers!
Cut to Scrooge back on the mansion. The room is set up with camera for the interview with Roxanne and a monitor.
Roxanne: There's the man of the hour. (offers a handshake while Scrooge looks in disgust) Roxanne Featherly, it's an honor and privilege to meet you, Mr. McDuck. (Scrooge takes her hand but doesn't shake it) Such a fan. (Scrooge lets go of her hand) When you forced Medusa to take a good, hard look at herself in the mirror, it changed me.
Scrooge: And her.... into stone. (both laugh, then take a sit) Eeeh, most people don't know about that.
Roxanne: Well, most people aren't me. Now, don't worry. This interview is just the two of us having a conversation.
Scrooge gives Beakley a wink, but she doesn't look relieved. The camera starts rolling.
Roxanne: I'm here with multi-millionaire menace (Scrooge is caught off-guard, but tries to smile it away), Scrooge McDuck, who values profit over people's lives. I'll take your smile as a confirmation that you enjoy being superior in the now ravaged town of Duckburg.
Scrooge: No! I-
Roxanne: Now, Mr. McDuck, I can't quite place your accent. Tell me, what part of Ireland are you from?
Scrooge growls before the scene cuts to Lena looking from the houseboat window. Webby is sitting on the couch reading The Grimoire du Merlock.
Webby: I found a protection spell! You need a bunch of herbs and a cauldron. Uh... Grab that spice rack, and, um, that collectible popcorn bucket!
Lena: Uh.... I don't know, Webby. It's not good to mess with this magic stuff.
Webby: I'm pretty sure I've got this. (gets the bucket and the spice) All evil energies, leave this space. Go back from whence you came, you get outta my face!
Lena: Ugh. I hate magic.
Magica: You hold your tongue. Magic is the family business.
Lena: And, the more we use it, the more likely I am to get caught!
Launchpad: Don't need magic! Need your wits. And some kinda shark stopping thing. (Lena and Webby go upstairs) And maybe a snack.
Webby: Uh.... Launchpad?
Tiffany comes closer to the boat.
Launchpad: Uh-oh. Launchpad's hungry. Hungry for vengeance.
Lena: Launchpad?
Launchpad: (grabs the steering wheel) Vengeance.... for Dewey.
Webby & Lena: LAUNCHPAD!
Launchpad: (shakes head) Anyway, crash boat now?
Lena: Yes, or, err- No! Just go!
Webby: JUST MOVE!
Launchpad starts the boat engine and charges at Tiffany. Tiffany comes from the opposite direction.
Launchpad: I'm coming, Dewey!
Tiffany opens her mouth. Lena and Launchpad screams. The girls get out of the boat right before Tiffany eats it along with Launchpad.
Launchpad: (inside Tiffany) Oh, hey guys!
Lena: (pants) Next time, we have a sleepover at my house.
Cut back to the mansion.
Scrooge: ...with a rich Celtic tradition, connected to-but entirely distinct from-the rest of the United Kingdom! And, secondly, I have done far more good than harm for Duckburg. Ask anyone!
Roxanne: Will do. Joining us for comment via satellite from his office that was recently ravaged by Scrooge's blameworthy beanstalk, Flintheart Glomgold.
The monitors turns on and shows Glomgold.
Glomgold: CURSE YOU, MCDUCK! Roxanne, good to see you.
Roxanne: And you.
Scrooge: You can't believe this tam o'shanter-wearing terror!
Roxanne: (gasps) Oh, shameful.
Glomgold: We can't all affor top hats, ye rich snob!
Scrooge: You're rich too, you malevolent mountebank!
Glomgold: You best believe it, Scroogie, I'm rolling in it!
Scrooge: Then what is your point?! I'm glad that beanstalk crushed your office!
Hearing Scrooge's statement, the news crew gasp. Beakley facepalms. Cut to Lena searching for Scrooge's dime on a pile of gold coins.
Lena: (mockingly) "Lena, do my bidding." "Lena, find a tiny dime in a sea of dimes!" "Lena, don't get mad when my money shark tries to eat you!"
Webby: (showing a page from The Grimoire du Merlock) Lena, I found something. According to this, to stop an enchanted force, you must remove its power source or beat it with a stronger magical totem. We can use our friendship bracelets! Friendship is the greatest magic of all!
Lena: Well, that's not how magic works. But the shark is made of coins, so maybe if we cand find some kind of coin that holds a special significance, we can stop it.
Webby: Oh! Like Scrooge's Number One Dime!
Lena: Oh, is that... a thing? Like... do you... know where it could be?
Webby: Scrooge keeps it in his pocket at all times.
Lena: WHAT?! The stupid dime isn't even stupid in here?! Hah, we need to get to Scrooge now! What are you doing?
Webby: Our friendship is all the magic we need! Don't you trust me? With the hand of my best friend, we bring about the money shark's end.
Lena: Webby, stop, it's not working.
Webby: Just believe! Again, with feeling.
As Webby continues to chant, Lena begins to glow magenta, then turns blue when Webby holds her hand. She panics and lets go of Webby's hand, breaking the spell.
Lena: YOU SENTIMENTAL FOOL! You don't know what you're doing, you're gonna get us killed!
Tiffany approaches them, so they split and run away. Tiffany breaks out of the bin's window and becomes more aggressive.
Cut back to the mansion.
Glomgold: My building was detroyed and he just gets away with that.
Scrooge: You tried to blew up my office at least try this week.
Glomgold: Three times if you count RIGHT NOW! (presses a button, nothing happens) NOW! (presses the button again) Now! (presses the button again) Well, this is embarassing.
Scrooge: Roxanne, you can't trust the words of my sworn enemies whose only pastime is constantly plotting against me. There is absolutely no truth to the claim that my treasure hunting is in any way dangerous to Duckburg.
Roxanne: This just in: (monitor shows a footage of Tiffany) Scrooge McDuck's treasure has transformed into a money shark and- Hold on, I'm being told it now has legs.
Scrooge: Oooof course, it does.
Roxanne: For those just tuning in, a money shark appears to be heading to Duckburg, where it's sure to cause untold destruction. Citizens are rushing over in boats to collect a falling gold debris. It seems Scrooge's fortune is now up for grabs. Glomgold, your thoughts?
Upon hearing that, Glomgold immediately rushes to the bin.
Scrooge: AAAH! ME MONEY! (forces a smile) ...And the safety of the fine citizens of Duckburg. (leaves slowly)
Cut to Webby and Lena rushing outside to see Tiffany running amok. People are grabbing the treasure coming out of Tiffany. Tiffany chases after them.
Lena: On the bright side, it's not just trying to kill us anymore...
Webby: Why did you break our chant? Is our friendship not magical enough for you?
Lena: (sadly) Webby...
A car honk sounds, much to their surprise. It's Scrooge driving his limo. He gets out of the car.
Scrooge: (angrily) If I see Launchpad, I'm docking him a day's wages.
Tiffany roars and approaches Scrooge. The boats on below the bridges follows her.
Lena: (gasps) Look! It must be after Scrooge's Number One Dime!
Webby: Why would you think that?
Lena: Uh.... I dunno... Uh, a reason. No time to think, we gotta go!
Webby and Lena runs towards Tiffany. People are still trying to catch Scrooge's treasure out of Tiffany.
Scrooge: Heave off! That my money! (to Tiffany) Oi, gilt gills! Come and get me....
Tiffany feels the presence of Scrooge's dime. She opens her mouth and the dime gets drawn to her.
Scrooge: My number one dime!
Scrooge struggles to hold back the dime, but he fails. The dime flies into Tiffany's mouth.
Scrooge: Oh no, you don't, you predatory piggyback!
Scrooge charges at Tiffany, but got eaten instead.
Launchpad: (inside Tiffany) Hi, Mr. McDee!
The triplets: (inside Tiffany) Hi, Uncle Scrooge!
Scrooge: (inside Tiffany) (sigh) Everyone...?
Webby: Mr. McDuck!
Magica laughs sinisterly. Webby uses her grappling hook to get on to Tiffany, then starts hitting her with a mace. Tiffany turns to Lena. When she opens her mouth, the dime is shown to be stuck on her teeth.
Lena & Magica: (gasps) The dime.
Magica: Ahah! Here, pick up...
Tiffany comes closer to Magica. Webby crawls through Tiffany's back.
Magica: Get me that dime and you'll finally have everything you've ever wanted.
Lena: How am I supposed to get it without eaten alive?
Magica: Eeeh, figure it out.
Webby: Lena, look out!
Tiffany goes after Lena, but Webby pushed Lena away just in time and takes her place instead.
Lena: WEBBY, NO!
Tiffany eats Lena. Inside her mouth, Lena manages to land on the huge gold coin from earlier before she falls further down to the shark's throat. She sees the dime still hanging on Tiffany's teeth.
Webby: Lena!
Webby is hanging on to Tiffany's throat below Lena.
Lena: Why'd you save me? I thought you were mad of me!
Webby: We're friends, you beautiful idiot! I don't care what you did!
They exchange smiles, but then Webby loses her grip and falls down Tiffany's throat.
Lena: Webby!
Magica almost grabs the dime while Lena looks at her friendship bracelet.
Lena: With the hand of my best friend... (jumps) we bring about the money sharks's end!
Magica got dragged along with Lena before she grabs the dime. Lena glows blue as she descend. Tiffany exploded into bits of gold coins. Everyone that got eaten by Tiffany falls to the ground. Lena is hugging Webby. She shakes her head and stops glowing blue.
Webby: Looks like someone's a hugger after all.
Lena: Don't tell anyone.
Both of them embraces a hug.
Launchpad: Dewey! (knocks Huey and Louie out of his way and hugs Dewey) Don't you ever get eaten by a magical money bin shark again! (tightens the hug) You hear me, boy?!
Dewey: Uh... okay...
Scrooge desperately trying to save all of his scattered treasure on the ground. Roxanne approaches him.
Scrooge: No, no, not you again.
The TV camera starts.
Roxanne: Roxanne Featherly reporting live from the scene where Scrooge's apparent generosity has provided a much-needed economic boost to Duckburg. (Scrooge looks at the camera and forces a smile) Scrooge McDuck, tarnished tycoon turned humble hometown hero. (Scrooge hesitantly waves at the camera)
The Beagle Boys with a dumpster truck and Hack and Slash Smashnikov arrives at the scene and start collecting all the treasure. Scrooge was about to scold them, but stops when he noticed that he is still on camera. He forces a smile. Glomgold in disguise tries to snatch Scrooge's top hat filled with gold coins. They both pull the hat against each other, but Scrooge notices the camera again and lets go of it.
Glomgold: Thank you, kind sir.
Scrooge: You're...... welcome.
After all the scattered treasure were taken, everyone leaves. Scrooge panics when he realize his dime is still gone. He sees the dime hanging on his limo and immediately takes it back.
Scrooge: My Number One Dime! Mwah! (wears the dime and tucks it into his clothes) Let's get out of here before these scavengers throw me a parade. But how did all this happen in the first place?
Cut to the abandoned amphitheater.
Magica: You had the dime in your grasp!
Lena: No, your crazy shark had the dime in its throat, so excuuuuse me if I didn't want to be eaten!
Magica: You would've probably survived! But you cared more about your stupid "friends" than you did about your own family!
Lena: Your shark was out of control. The dime does neither of us any good if I'm dead. I had no choice.
Magica: You had a choice, and you chose wrong! You're not supposed to think. You're supposed to follow orders.
Lena: Maybe I'm tired of following orders. I'm done.
Magica: You can't get rid of me.
Lena tries to leave, but her feet is stuck to Magica's shadow.
Magica: I'm the only one who can give you what you truly want. Your dark heart's fondest desire: your freedom.
Lena: (sadly takes off her bracelet and puts it in the water) (sighs) Whatever you say, Aunt Magica.
The bracelet glows blue before it drowns.
Cut to Donald snoring on a floatie in the pool back on the mansion. Launchpad, in a helicopter, drops the houseboat back to the pool. It's in a bad shape.
Launchpad: Good morning, Donald!