(Christmas Intro)
Donald: Deck the lawn with tons of snowmen, fa-la-la-la-la,la-la-la-la!
Scrooge: Hey! Get those inflatable abominations off my lawn!
Donald: Waah! But you have the perfect yard for a winter wonderland!
Scrooge: I also have a pilot that can't tell the difference between Christmas lights and landing lights.
Donald: gulps.
(The camera zooms in on Donald, Donald trys to remove the decorating. Scrooge closes the door and goes inside, following a crash.)
Webby: Tinsel! Holly! Novelty Ornaments! Pure Christmas magic.
Huey: I have some notes on your ornament distribution.
Webby: Magic!
(Scrooge grumbles pushing past)
Louie: Dear Santa. Look, I can explain! What...hey!
Mrs.Beakly: Christmas Eve dinner will be served promptly at 8:15, followed by the annual screening of Christmas on Bear Mountain at 9:08, and I've reset the cryptid traps. Don't want another pesky sugar plum fairy infestation this year.
Scrooge: (Steps on a mouse Trap) Yow! Bah, Crass commercialism, empty sentiment and all the trappings of the holiday! And the endless monuments to that reindeer rustling, red suited rube. (sees Santa statue) Who put this up?
Everyone points at each other. Donald backs away.
Scrooge: Grr. Take that, you no kind off trader. Not so lively and quick now are you? Bah, humbug.
Webby: (gasp) He said it!
Scrooge: I'm going to bed.
Dewey: (sigh) Merry Christmas, Mom.
Donald: Tis the season to be jolly, fa la la la la la la. huh? Oh, um. we're about to sing some Christmas carols. C'mon.
Dewey: I'm not really in the merry mood.
Donald: Yeah, sure. Okay, well if you change your mind. (sigh)
Dewey: Yah, c'mon!
Christmas spirits: Scrooge, Scrooge, Scrooge, Scrooge, Scrooge, Woo who! Yeah, what a man!
Scrooge: Uh... Back foul specters! Shoo!
Dewey: Get back, Grim Reaper! You won't take my incredibly old uncle today.
Present: Ha ha, and I thought we had spirit. Get it? Because we're ghosts.
Past: Oh dear, a party crasher. I suppose it's a slight break in tradition, but-
Present: The more the merrier.
Dewey: I am more confused than usual.
Scrooge: Uh, Dewey, meet the ghosts of Christmas past, present, and future. Years ago, they accidentally haunted my home.
Dewey: Accidentally?
Present: Yeah, we were looking for a different Scrooge, but your uncle was way more fun.
Dewey: But you hate Christmas.
Scrooge: That's a bit of act. I have so many responsibilities throughout the year. My family, my business, secretly keeping the world eating serpent Jormungandr at bay.
Dewey: The what?
Scrooge: I just need one night a year when I can really cut loose.
Past: so, every Christmas Eve, we use my trusty timebrella to go back and revisit the best Christmas parties history has to offer!
Dewey: So, you don't actually hate ornaments?
Scrooge: Not really.
Dewey: And candy canes?
Scrooge: No.
Dewey: And Santa Claus?
Scrooge: No! that churlish chimney chaser is not to be trusted. I love having you all here, but I need a break now and then. You understand?
Donald: Cast a bell, cast a bell, we go cast a bell.
Dewey: Yes, one hundred percent. I'll keep it quiet, this time.
Present: So, where's the party?
Past: Ah ah! When's the party?
Scrooge: Ugh, time travelers.
Past: Take heed, rise, and walk with me.
All: Woo hoo!
Scrooge: So, where to first? A totally happening Andy Warthog's factory? Leveling with the rebels? Crossing the Delaware? Right back where we started?
Past: But not back when we started. For you see...
Present: Yeah, we get it. It's the past.
Past: (gasping for breath)
Scrooge: Young me.
Young Scrooge: Old me.
Scrooge: Bless me yesterdays, it's-
Past: Scrooge: Ah this was a right corker. I just started my company and the future was bright.
Present: Really? I always thought Future was kind of grim.
Scrooge: Everyone was at the most carefree and joyous evening-
Partygoers: Twenty-two! Twenty-two! Twenty-two! Twenty-two!
Beakley: Oohh, hah! hah! Yes!
Partygoers: Wooo!
Present: Oh, I gots to party with that lady.
Scrooge: Step aside, Twenty-two. Let a Scotsman show you-
Duckworth: You're a captain of industry with your own company now. The point of this soiree is to network. Strengthen business ties. Not fritter away the night in feckless revolt.
Scrooge: So, enjoying the party?
Buzzards: I don't know. Interesting question. No.
Present: That's why I live in the now, you know? What we have is this moment now, and-
Beakley: Not interested. I like your cloak. Conga line!
Bradford: I'm saying given the current economic downturn, having a Christmas that is both holly and jolly isn't fiscally responsible.
Scrooge: I thought we were taking a break. What good is a party if I have to work at it?
Present: This party is as dead as he is.
Scrooge: Maybe we should go.
Past: Fellows, no! Christmases were so much better back then, now. Look at all these cheery faces of the past.
Scrooge: Eh, I suppose I could mingle. Look at them all. I invited everyone to this party.
Past: That's right, Scrooge. Everyone.
Scrooge: Bless me bagpipes. Goldie.
Rhutt Betlah: Mr. McDuck. Professor Rhutt Betlah, and have I got a Christmas present for you.
Scrooge: Yes, what a lovely rock. Now-
Rmutt Betlam: A perfectly square rock. Procured at some great personal risk in the Andes. Now, I'm looking for someone to finance an expedition.
Scrooge: What? No. Get out of my- eugh!
Partygoers: Mr.McDuck! A moment of your time, sir.
Captain Farley Foghorn: Mr. McDuck, have I got an investment for you.
Scrooge: Move! Ah even back then all everyone wanted was a piece of my fortune.
Past: Oh come now, Scrooge. Not everyone here is looking for a handout.
Grandpappy Beagle: McDuck, I've come to take your money, and reclaim Beagleburg for my kids!
Past: Some of them just want to rob you.
Grandpappy Beagle: Bankjob! Babyface! Bugle! Take everything that ain't nailed down.
Present: Hey, you guys go on without me. I'm going to stick with this crazy party brawl. Wha ha!
Scrooge: Ugh, looks like the party's over. Let's just get back to my family and-
Past: NO! I mean, you deserve a break. It's Christmas. Give it one more shot. I know the perfect party. No family, no business, no responsibility. Oh, please please please.
Scrooge: Well, I...
Past: Woo! Thank you.
Scrooge: Is this?
Past: Your first Christmas in Duckberg before family and fortune and business harassed. It's the perfect Christmas, just like you asked.
Scrooge: Ah, that is more like it. No more nagging responsibilities. Silent night, indeed. Curse me kilts, this is boring. Now I see your lesson, Specter. The minor frustrations of your life pale in comparison to the excitement they bring. Hearth, home, family: that's what Christmas is all about. No more living in the past. Take me back, Spirit.
Past: No.
Scrooge: What's that then?
Past: Every year I spend my Christmas showing selfish ingrates the true meaning of Christmas, only to be ditched the following year because they have to "look after Tiny Tim" or whatever. Bleh. But you were different. You always came back to us, and then your family moved in.
Scrooge: Grr...
Past: How long before you decide to have Christmas with them, and I get left behind AGAIN?!
Scrooge: Whah!
Past: So I put you back where nothing, not even my fellow spirits, could distract you from this glorious Christmas past. Then we can live it over, and over, and over together forever. Ah, ha ha hah!
Scrooge: Take that you wistful wisp! You know, this is an amazing fight.
Past: I know, right?
Scrooge: What I wouldn't give to do it all over again.
Past: Nostalgia for a fight that started a minute ago? Now that's living in the past. Let's do it! Oh, man this is going to be great! Ah, where was I, oh right. Every year-
Scrooge snatched Past's timebrella and uses it.
Past: Ha ha, good one, Scrooge. Get back here, or should I say get back now. ha ha ha. Scrooge? Uh, he'll, he'll be back.
11 minutes ago... in the future: Past: Take heed, rise, and walk with me.
Dewey: Back where I started? But maybe not back when I started. Ha ha, good one, time-traveler Dewey. Okay, if this is really the past, then I can finally spend Christmas with... some weird emo kid?
Young Donald: (singing) I say no, but you said stay, you can't tell me what to do, don't understand a word say, so phooey! phooey! phooey on you!
Dewey: Uncle Donald?
Donald: Who are you? How much did you hear? Did you like it? Answer me!
Dewey: Oh um, my name is... Bluey, your fifteenth step-cousin on your great-grandmother's niece's side from Canada, eh?
Donald: Oh, this is the most confusing family.
Dewey: Well, if you're here, where's your sister?
Donald: Della? Same place she is every year. Camped out back looking for Santa.
Dewey: She's right out back? C'mon, you gotta help me find her.
Donald: No thanks. Christmas is a bunch of kids stuff. Plus I'm this close to writing the perfect song.
Dewey: You're really not. Snatch! (takes Donald's guitar)
Donald: Hey! What's the big idea?
Dewey: I'm coming, Mom! (gasp)
Donald: Gimme that. Aw man, it's all out of tune.
Dewey: Stop. Della's not here. I think she was attacked. (sees Donald lick the red stain on the tree) Ew!
Donald: Attacked by a case of the munchies. It's just jelly.
Dewey: What would you have done if it wasn't?
Donald: Ah, why is Della making such a big deal out of this? She packed way too much food. She brought a family-sized tent that she couldn't even set up by herself. (tries to fix tent) Ugh, ow!
Dewey: How do you explain this? (points to two sets of footprints one significantly larger than the other)
Donald: Well, that is weird. Ow. Ow. Ow!
Dewey: So Della must take you on awesome adventures all the time, huh?
Donald: Ah please, I'm a little too mature for adventures with my sister. I'm more of the soulful devil-may-care loner type.
Dewey: Oh, totally, me too.
Donald: Ahh!
Dewey: But Della is amazing, right? I mean, why wouldn't you want to go on a Christmas adventure with her?
Donald: She wanted me to, but well, why aren't you with your family?
Dewey: The answer to that is complicated, and full of paradoxes.
Donald: Ah, Della's tracks end here, but the others keep going.
Dewey: Maybe he gave her a piggyback ride?
Donald: I gave Della this scarf last Christmas. She never would have left it behind a mess. That's not Santa Claus.
Wendigo: Wendigo!
Donald Dewey: Aahhh!!
Donald: (panting) Ow, deck your halls, you big palooka! Ahh!
Donald Dewey: Aah! Ugh!
Donald and Dewey get caught in a net trap: Dewey: What is happening?
Della: You're not Santa Claus.
Donald: Della, you no good wreckless (incoherent)
Dewey: Della?
Della: Squawk, squawk, squawk. Look who decided to come camping? Just had to trip one of my Santa traps. One day I'll catch that ho-ho-hooligan and give Uncle Scrooge the best Christmas gift ever. This dummy in your dumb band too?
Donald: I am a solo act.
Wendigo: Wendigo!
Dewey: What is that thing?
Della: I guess a wendigo. Legend has it that they're poor souls turned into monsters by obsession and desperation.
Donald: Hurry up, and get us down Dumb-bella!
Della: No, not until you apologize.
Donald: For what?
Della: Wrong answer.
Dewey: Donald!
Donald: Okay, I'm sorry I called you Dumb-bella.
Della: Try again.
Donald: Oh okay. Sorry I used your toothbrush to clean my combat boots.
Della: You did what? You don't even know what you did wrong. Typical Donald.
Donald: How could I have done anything wrong? I haven't seen you all night.
Dewey: (gasp) That's what you did wrong. That's why she packed the extra food, and the family-sized tent, and left her scarf behind for you to follow her. She didn't care about finding Santa. She just wanted to spend Christmas with you, but you're too caught up in you own thing to notice. Locked up in your own room. Ignoring everybody, and I have a lot of apologizing to do when I get back.
Donald: Della, I'm sorry, okay? I shouldn't have ditched you on Christmas.
Della cuts them down.
Dewey: Uagh, Oof!
Della: All right ugly. What do you want?
Wendigo: Wendigo! Scrooge!
Kids: Of course.
Donald and Della fight the Wendigo which leads to Donald's guitar getting broken. Enraged Donald pushes Wendigo into a net that Dewey and Della prepared.
Donald: (gasp) Wahoo! Quackarooni!
Dewey: Now what?
The kids drag Wendigo to the front of the mansion.
Donald: Um, listen Della. I really am sorry. I promise we'll never spend another Christmas apart.
Della: Thanks for helping us back there. (gets hugged by Dewey) Uh, this is weird.
Dewey: Sorry. I've just always wanted to spend Christmas with my... fifteenth step-cousin on my great-grandmother's niece's side, that was it.
Della: You're a relative from the future, aren't you?
Dewey: What? No!
Donald: Uh uh, please. We're the Duck family.
Della: This is only like the fourth weirdest thing that's happened to us on Christmas.
Dewey: Okay, well I gotta warn you about what's gonna happen in the future-
Donald: No! Keep your mouth shut.
Della: You can't warn us about our future. You'll disrupt the time stream.
Donald: Haven't you ever seen any movie?
Dewey: Oh yeah.
Della: Stay here. We'll go get Uncle Scrooge to take care of the beast.
Wendigo: (frees himself) Scrooge!
Scrooge: Here, you nostalgic night terror.
Dewey: Uncle Scrooge?
Scrooge: I was flying these two back home through time, when I spotted you down here. What in blazes are you doing here? Now, you could have been-
Dewey: Can we please just go back to our family?
Wendigo's outer shell crumbles to reveal...
Present: Past?
Scrooge: Wendigos: poor souls turned into monsters by obsession and desperation. He's been lost in these woods this whole time. Every Christmas eve, waiting for me. I'm going to give an old friend a present. No one gets left behind on Christmas.
Past: You mean it? Take heed, rise, and walk with me.
Kids: (trying to set a bear trap for Santa) Whoh, ha ha ha.
Donald: Welcome back.
Kids: Woo hoo! Ha ha ha.
Launchpad: (singing) On the twelfth day of Christmas, my true love gave to me, twelve days of Christmas, eleven planes of flying, ten days of Christmas, eight days of Christmas, oops, forgot the ninth day, seven samurai, six comes after seven,
All: (singing) Lots of Christmas days, four Christmas days, three Christmas days, two Christmas days, and a partridge of returning.
Dewey: Gah, nailed it.
(Cut to the Moon with the wreckage of the Spear of Selene and Della's inside a pod, looking at her copy of the picture of herself, Donald and Scrooge with the three eggs.)
Della: Merry Christmas, you guys. See you soon.
(Della nearly drops a tear but stops , reapplies her goggles and continues working with a blowtorch on a mysterious object.)