Launchpad: This is the city of St. Canard. A metropolis overrun with the worst kind of crime: Super Crime. But a purple protector stands alone, dutifully watching for-
Dewey: Oncoming traffic!
The limousine swerves around.
Scrooge: Sorry Bradford. Bit of unexpected turbulence. All fine now.
Bradford: All would be better if you weren't wasting time and money on this trip. After that string of accidents, our Saint Canard research facility is a lost cause.
Scrooge: Doctor Bulba may be a bit unorthodox, but his lab is cutting edge. If he says he's on to something big, I trust him.
Huey: His latest project is supposed to be revolutionary.
Louie: Profitable.
Bradford: Reckless. Mr McDuck, Bulba's experiments are worthless pipe dreams. Better not to deal with him.
Scrooge: Yes, fine, thank you Bradford. (turns off video phone) Short-sighted old buzzard. There's no reward without a little risk. Bradford doesn't know how things work.
Bradford: I'm still on the phone.
Scrooge: (tries to turn off phone with his cane) I don't know how it works. Someone shut this blasted thing off.
Huey: Hurry, Launchpad. A bold new scientific horizon awaits.
Dewey: Me and LP don't have time for "nerd" stuff. I scored an exclusive interview with Launchpad's pal, Drake, that is sure to boost my online viewership. We're talking 20, maybe even 25 viewers.
Louie: Why would Launchpad's weird buddy boost your ratings?
Launchpad: Ah, dunno. He's just a real "super" guy.
(Launchpad and Dewey chuckles).
Dewey: Yeah, when the chips are down, he really knows how to "get dangerous".
(Launchpad and Dewey chuckles again).
Louie: So this Drake guy is Darkwing Duck.
Dewey and Launchpad: What? Nooooo?
Dewey: Nice.
Launchpad: You're so good at secrets.
Darkwing: Oh no! No! Come on! Why?! Gah! Ah!!
Taurus Bulba: Scrooge McDuck. What a momentous honor. Ooh, let's take a picture.
Scrooge: The pleasure is mine, Bulba.
Taurus: Ah, call me Taurus, or Terry, or whatever you want. You're Scrooge McDuck. Ah ha ha. And you must be Huey.
Huey: You know me?
Taurus: Junior Woodchuck Robotics Champion four years running? I'd hire you right now if you weren't too short for the lab coats. And Louie, huge fan of Louie Inc. Groundbreaking stuff, young man.
Louie: We were really doing good work until a monster tried to kill me.
Taurus: You know, I have a grizzled old monster after my money too, but enough about Bradford. Ha ha HA!
Everyone: (laughs)
Taurus: But even he couldn't say no to our top secret project. It promises to change the world.
Huey: Change the world? Is it a terraformer? How do you-
Louie: Hubert, please. Don't pester the man who's going to make me- us- Scrooge rich.
Taurus: Ha ha ha. Wonderful question.
Scrooge: I have one myself. I'm eager to see what you've been working on. I'd heard reports of some rather costly setbacks in your lab of late.
Taurus: Ah yes, of course. There's no reward without a little risk. But first, I will need something from you.
Everyone: Hm?
Taurus: The most powerful force in the world. A childlike sense of wonder.
Huey: Mr. Bulba, I take it with me everywhere I go.
Huey and Louie: Woo hoo, yeah.
Launchpad: Hello? DW?
Dewey: Maybe we got the wrong abandoned tower.
Darkwing: I am the terror that flaps in the night. I am the toddler kicking the front seat of crime. I am- oof.
Dewey: Is that motorcycle your face?
Launchpad: Drake!
Darkwing: Oh hey! LP!
Launchpad: This is amazing! First you love Darkwing, then you played Darkwing, now you are Darkwing. This is like every dream I've ever had, only my hands aren't made of waffles, right? (licks hands) Aw!
Dewey: Do these costumes come in junior sizes? Are these smoke bombs? They are! Smoke bomb, smoke bomb! Oh ho ho ho ho! Shiny!
Darkwing: Launchpad's pal Fenton hooked me up. His talents are wasted designing doodads for that hack, Gizmoduck. Between you, me, and the motorcycle, Fenton can't stand the guy.
Launchpad: I can't believe we're actually going to fight actual crime with the actual Darkwing Duck! On the old TV show, Darkwing faced the vilest villains imaginable: Bushroot, Quackerjack, Megavolt, Liquidator.
Darkwing: Well, those are fictional villains from the old TV shows.
Launchpad: So your real-life villains must be even more impressive.
Darkwing: Oh sure yeah, about that.
Dewey: Yes, on-location live-stream crime fighting. Computer, crimes, where are they?
WANDA: Displaying map of Saint Canard.
Dewey: There's no crimes. Saint Canard is supposed to be the supervillain capital of the world.
WANDA: Not since the new mayor took charge and cleaned up the place.
Dewey: Hrmph.
Launchpad: Computer, are you sure?
WANDA: Sorry, which of us has a sophisticated auto intelligence? Oh, right, it's me, the big computer. There's no crime.
Darkwing: But there was so much, you just missed it.
WANDA: No, there wasn't- (suddenly turned off)
Dewey: Oh man, without a superhero fight, this docu-drama is gonna lack docu and drama.
Darkwing: Alright, you wanna fight crime? Let's get dangerous.
Launchpad and Darkwing: (squealing)
Taurus: This... is... the future! Gentlemen, I give you... the ramrod! Should have put a tarp over it for a dramatic reveal.
Scrooge: Ohho, this is really something. What is this exactly?
Taurus: The reality altering mechanism powered by a unique circuit key. It makes anything.
Louie: Anything?
Taurus: Anything! Everything! What's your favorite food?
Louie and Huey: Pizza!
Scrooge: Haggis?
Taurus: I heard haggis!
Louie and Huey: Uhh...
Taurus: So, we use the key to find the right frequency and... (a plate of haggis materializes in the ramrod)
Louie: Bleh! Ugh! Tastes like socks and bitter regret!
Scrooge: That's how you know it's haggis. This contraption could solve world hunger, replace the polar ice caps.
Louie: Pfft, who cares? Set that baby to rubies!
Huey: This is incredible. Where do the materials come from? Is it a cartridge or quantum dynamics.
Louie: Leave it to Huey to literally question how the sausage is made. You taste that? It's success!
Scrooge: Oh no, actually it's sheep's bladder.
Louie: Buey- Ew boy!
Darkwing: The virtuous violet vigilante surveys the city for sin... sorry, could you film from the other side? My, my chin looks weird at this angle.
Dewey: Aw, we've been here for hours.
Launchpad: And I will cherish every second.
Dewey: Hi, Gizmoduck? Would you be available to come down-
Darkwing: No no no no no no!
glass breaking: Darkwing: Ooh! I, I mean grr, crime! Time to swoop down on the delinquent.
fight scene: Darkwing: Ha ha ha ha, oh no. Your menacing misdeed has been inured you malfeasant... movers? But the glass breaking and the... oh. I am so sorry, I uh I wouldn't want you to throw out your back, citizen. Lift with the knees. Ah forget it, what's the use? How can I be a crime fighter when there's no crime? I just wanted to inspire people, you know? Make a difference.
Launchpad: Uh, Darkwing Duck?
Darkwing: It's a sham, but at least the cape looks good, right? It would have struck fear in the heart of any-
Dewey turns Darkwing's head to show him someone breaking into a building.
Darkwing: Villain! Ha ha! My clever ruse lured them out of hiding, and now, I strike.
The burglar reaches the ramrod control panel and attempts to take the key.
Darkwing: I am the terror that flaps in the night. I am the turnip that turns up in your beet salad. I am- hey not done yet. Get back here!
burglar: Uh!
Dewey: Hi, I'm going to need you to sign a waiver to be on this show.
Darkwing: Not so fast, little girl?
girl: Let me go! Taurus Bulba can't see me.
Lights turn on and guards enter the room.
Darkwing: I can explain?
Huey: Dewey? I thought if any of us would be arrested, it'd be Louie.
Louie: I am as surprised as anyone.
Scrooge: I can vouch for these two, I don't know the masked one.
Darkwing: Seriously? I starred in a movie for you. We fought the moon together? You dressed up as me.
Taurus: Oh, I know exactly who he is. A-
scene switches to outside: Taurus: -hero! (flash photography) This noble Saint-Canardian guardian risked his life to stop a dangerous thief from sabotaging our lab.
Darkwing: Oh well, it's the least I can do.
Owlson: As mayor of Saint Canard, I've made super crime prevention a priority, and while this is not an invitation for a bunch of other costume yahoos to do the same, heroism must be rewarded. I am proud to present Darkwing Duck with the key to the city.
Darkwing: Mayor Owlson, I am honored to- woah! eh.
Taurus: While we at McDuck Enterprises are changing the world, heroes like Darkwing Duck are out there protecting it. (slaps Darkwing's back)
Darkwing: Ugh! (drops key on his foot)
Taurus: Although, maybe I should keep my key on me for safekeeping, huh? Ha ha ha ha.
Louie: Huey?
Huey: This is Dewey's hat.
Louie: Hmm.
Huey: Fine, I'm trying to figure out how the ramrod works. It makes no sense. How can you create something from nothing? And I know I've seen the circuit on that key before.
Louie: Why would you try to ruin a machine that could make me infinite gold?
Huey: Because I have to know. Also if you made infinite gold, it would devalue the price of all gold.
Louie: Stop ruining things for me.
Dewey: Live from Saint Canard, it's Dewey Dew-night, with our guest, that daring duck of mystery, that champion of right, Darkwing Duck.
Launchpad: Ooh, alright! I know those guys. We hang out all the time.
Dewey: So, DW, got any new projects?
Darkwing: Uh, defending the defenseless at every turn, heh heh, also I've got a cookbook. Self-published.
girl: Oh, cool. So is stopping that crook, Taurus Bulba, on your busy schedule?
Darkwing: You! How did you? What did-
girl: Ha ha! I totally found your secret headquarters. The residue from you smoke bomb contained traces of salt water so I knew you'd be by the bay. Also, that kid is live-streaming. It was not hard.
Darkwing: Yah!
girl: Keen gear, this place is huge.
Launchpad: Dewey, do something.
Dewey: I can't. This is good television.
girl: Whoa, look at these high-tech aero bolts... with your face on them, like your motorcycle. You have a bit of a complex, don't you?
Darkwing: What do you want, villain?
Gosalyn: Nu-uh, it's Gosalyn, actually, and I want your help, hero. I figure you owe me one.
Darkwing: You kicked me in the face.
Gosalyn: You stopped me from exposing Bulba.
Darkwing: As a friendly, upstanding citizen with great taste in superheroes?
Gosalyn: As a thief, and maybe worse. My grandpa, Doctor Waddlemeyer, built the ramrod under Bulba. But, Grandpa discovered a flaw in the programming. The ramrod was unstable and dangerous. One night he went to warn Bulba, and never came back. Now Bulba's claiming that he built the ramrod but if I can get that ramrod key, I can prove it's dangerous, stop Bulba, and find my Grandpa.
Darkwing: Okay, do you have any proof?
Gosalyn: Besides that whole story and the fact that Bulba's a jerk?
Darkwing: Listen, I- I feel for you, I- I do, but... he's an upstanding citizen and I've caught you breaking into two separate places in twenty-four hours. Without evidence, I- I can't risk a good person's reputation.
Gosalyn: You mean you don't want to risk your own. Some hero. You know what? I'll do it myself like always.
Dewey: Hey, wait up.
Gosalyn: I don't want to be part of your weird show, alright?
Dewey: This isn't about my hit show. I, I know what it's like to search for someone that's missing. And, I know what it means to have someone believe you. Let me be your Webby.
Gosalyn: Who?
Dewey: I mean we'll Dewey it.
Gosalyn: (blinks) Does that mean you'll help?
Dewey: Let's "Goz" for it, Gosalyn.
Gosalyn: Please stop.
Darkwing: I know you're gonna say and I can't.
Launchpad: We gotta at least check it out.
Darkwing: Bulba believes in me. The city needs me.
Launchpad: Yeah, and so does she.
Dewey: Get it, cause my name is Dewey and I "Dew" things.
Launchpad: You want to make a difference, right?
Gosalyn: Wooo, ha ha ha!
All: Woah, woo hoo, ah!
Huey: Ah, excuse me, Mr. Bulba?
Taurus: Huey, how can I help you?
Huey: I have one quick question about the ramrod. How? How can you make something from nothing? Where does the stuff the ramrod makes come from? Is it connected to those accidents you've been having?
Taurus: Hehehehe. Feels like more than one question. Mr. McDuck, maybe these children should be in school. This one sure loves asking questions.
Scrooge: Aye, I also know how to trust this lad when he smells something fishy. I'd like to see the ramrod plans.
Taurus: Hehehe. Right away, Mr. McDuck.
Darkwing: Agh- oof. Ow.
Gosalyn: Sorry. Now fan out. Search for clues.
Taurus: Right this way.
Dewey: Hide!
Taurus: Just let me get something from my filing cabinet. (slams huge book over Darkwing's hiding spot) Here it is.
Darkwing: Awh, Agh!
Huey: Those are the ramrod plans?
Taurus: No, n-n-n-no. This is the index. The map will take you to the ramrod plans' room. Where all your questions should be answered. (gives index to Huey and co. and waits for them to leave) Darkwing! What a surprise.
Darkwing: Yep, yep, yep, yep. Just making sure your top-secret files were safe. They are. (grabs a photo of Gosalyn, Thadeus, and Bulba) Hey, um, who's that?
Taurus: (gasps) My... best friend. Thaddeus was always the smart one. Too smart. Sometimes, he couldn't shut that big brain off. He came to the lab one night, raving about fixing a flaw in the ramrod, and I assured him there wasn't one, but he didn't listen. He tried to reprogram it, and the ramrod... backfired. Thad was blasted. Poof. I covered up the accident because I didn't want people to think he was a crackpot. Ugh, his poor granddaughter couldn't accept his grandfather was gone. A victim of his own genius.
Gosalyn: Liar! (jumps at Bulba)
Darkwing: Gosalyn!
Gosalyn takes the ramrod key from Bulba's lab pocket.
Taurus: Gosalyn?
Gosalyn: He's not gone! I can bring him back!
Taurus: Grrr... Get back here! (catches Gosalyn's hood) Gosalyn, stop! Or, you'll get hurt.
Gosalyn: You'd like that, wouldn't you?
Dewey: Gosalyn!
Gosalyn gives the ramrod key to Dewey. Taurus targets Dewey.
Gosalyn: Dewey, let's, uh, "Goz" for it!
Dewey: (gasps) She's Dewey-ing it. (returns the ramrod key to Gosalyn)
Darkwing: Hold it right there, young lady.
Gosalyn: What're you doing? Give that back!
Darkwing: I'm sorry, kid. Stealing this isn't gonna bring him back.
Gosalyn: Yes, it is! He's not dead, he's in a different dimension!
Darkwing: Wait, what?
StubThis article is a stub. You can help DuckTales Wiki by expanding it.