(It's a normal day at McDuck Manor. Mrs. Beakley and Webby carry luggage bags to the front door and set them down. A crossbow falls out of Webby's bag.)
Bentina Beakley: Ugh, Webby. A crossbow?
Webby: (sighs) Sorry, Granny.
(She dashes off screen and returns with a longbow and arrows)
Beakley: That's better.
Dewey: What's all this?
Webby: Hey, guys! Every year, I brush up on my survivor skills on a secret island-
Beakley: Ahem!
Webby: I-I mean, a, a, a regular island where young warriors definitely don't combat the forces of nature and each other. (a grenade rolls out of her pack; she kicks it away) Y-you know, it's girl stuff.
Donald: I gotta go! (runs past everyone, down the steps to his car and drives off)
Huey: Why is everyone running off?
Beakley: (sighs) You would figure it out sooner or later. (whispering) Today is Mr McDuck's birthday.
(all three triplets exclaim in surprise)
Huey: Okay people, we are in crisis party planning mode! Louie, you start a guest list. Dewey-
Beakley: Absolutely not. Mr McDuck has a strict no birthday party rule. He hates the reminder that he's-
Louie: Literally the oldest person he knows?
(Dewey bursts out in laughter and Huey cracks a smile.)
Huey: But our most epic relative deserves the most epic party ever!
Webby: Eh, I don't know. He hasn't had a good one since before his old butler Duckworth died.
(Everyone turns to the portrait of Duckworth dusting a portrait of Scrooge)
Huey: Like this stuffy old guy could beat the party I threw for the Junior Woodchuck Party Planning Committee. It was both work... and play. I'm-
Beakley: Don't say I didn't warn you.
Webby: If I don't come back, tell my story!
Huey: Nah, he's gonna love it! Huey's time to shine!
(Transition to nighttime at McDuck Manor.)
Scrooge: Another year older, another year richer, and the house to myself. Time to celebrate the peace and quiet... (he notices a strange shadow pass by) Ah! A home invasion! Take that, ya bionic bandits!
(He jumps on the figure (Dewey wearing a visor and holding a keytar) and flattens them. Scrooge notices Huey, Louie and three guests in conspicuous disguises stood in the foyer.)
Louie, Huey and guests: SURPRISE!
Dewey (keytar)
Happy b-b-b-birthdaaaay!
(Scrooge growls)
(Cue opening theme)
(The party is in full swing. One guest fans themselves, another is eating food and the third is on their phone. Scrooge is sulking in a chair while "PARTY" scrolls across Dewey's visor)
Huey: So, next is mingling! From 6 to 6:05. Bathroom break at 6:06 but keep it under a minute because at 6:07, we're scheduled to have fun!
Dewey (keytar)
Fun times! ("FUN" and applause sounds, then a sheep noise)
Scrooge: What the blazes was that?
Dewey (keytar)
(;)) (I)) Oh, have fun!!
Huey: Oh, just the one and only DJ Daft Duck!
DJ (Dewey)
Yeah! (thumbs up) What up, yo?
Huey: Dewey's only answering to his DJ name tonight, just go with it.
Scrooge: Why are there a bunch of masked weirdos in my house?
Huey: (as Louie walks up) Louie put together a guest list of Duckburg's most powerful and elite.
(cut to the "guests" standing there, then cut back)
Huey: It's quality, not quantity.
Louie: Everyone here is kind of a big deal, you know, we had to make it a costume party to throw off the paparazzi. Get in the spirit! (He sticks a Scrooge mask on Scrooge, who takes it off.) Or not, that's cool.
Huey: Come on! Hop aboard the Happy Birthday Express! (pushes giant word search behind Scrooge) Toot toot! All aboard for a jumbo word search about you! (points at Scrooge)
Scrooge: Pass.
Huey: Next up, musical chairs!
Scrooge: Or we could sit in silence. Ugh.
Huey: Balloon pop relay coming into the station! (Scrooge pops the balloon)
Scrooge: Station's closed.
Huey: Staff meeting!
(Huey drags Dewey and Louie behind the curtain and closes it.)
Louie: I don't think Scrooge wants a party.
Huey: That's crazy. There had been a few bumps, but he'll come around. Louie, no schmoozing. Just serve punch. Dewey? Dewey? (sigh) DJ Daft Duck?
Dewey: (wake up noise)
Huey: Here's a list of pre-approved songs with a ninety percent enjoyment rate. Play these.
Louie: Listen, I know planning is your thing, but you're cramping our style. You gotta relax and just ride the party wave.
Dewey: (wave crashing and seagull)
Huey: A party is a celebration of a life, bringing the people together to let the guest of honor know how much they're loved. Uncle Scrooge has done so much for us. This is our chance to do something for him.
Louie: By forcing him to have fun at a party that he doesn't want to be at?
Huey: I knew you'd understand.
Louie: Oh boy...
Huey: Ah, there's the birthday boy. I've got just the thing to help get you in the party mood. Cue lights. Ladies and gentlemen, grand illusionist master of the arcane, Nik Nokturne.
Nik Nokturne: Spelled with two K's cause I made the C's disappear.
Scrooge: Ugh, if there's one thing I hate more than birthday parties, it's birthday party magicians. Ugh: Huey: Well, good thing he's an illusionist then.
Nokturne: Choose your destiny. (explosion noise)
Scrooge: The card's in his pocket next to a dove.
Huey: You're not helping.
Nokturne: You, non-believer. Come forth to experience real magic. Behold the abyss box.
Scrooge: Nope.
Huey: But Uncle Scrooge, you have to for the party.
Scrooge: Uh, fine.
Nokturne: Who knows what mysteries wait inside.
Scrooge: Typically you want me to hide inside this trap door in here?
Nokturne: Hahaha, ah embrace the pull of the darkness. I call upon the spirits. The party has just begun. Ah, my beautiful, beautiful box!
Dewey: Say what?
Huey: Wow, what a trick!
Nokturne: Oh nononono, maybe I can fix it.
Louie: I don't think that was the trick.
Huey: Hang on. Our dear old Uncle Scrooge would never go anywhere without his precious wallet.
All: (gasp)
Huey: Scrooge isn't just gone, he's gone missing!
Dewey: (horn, oops, dun dun DUNN!!)
Huey: Take that thing off! Our uncle has been captured! Ah ha! Just as I suspected. Were locked in. That means the kidnapper is still in this very room. Clear the party schedule. Things just got interesting.
Louie: ahem Hubert, a word? What are you doing? This isn't time for some dumb party game.
Huey: You're right. It's time for the ultimate party game. A locked room mystery party, and the stakes couldn't be higher.
Louie: Uncle Scrooge's life.
Huey: Uncle Scrooge's love of parties: Louie: Wait, what did you say?
Huey: We gotta solve the mystery and find Scrooge, so he can experience the true joy of a flawless birthday party.
Louie: ...and you know not possibly die?
Huey: Yes, of course, and that. But, if we succeed and have a good time doing it, Scrooge may experience the greatest party of all time.
Louie: Shouldn't we call somebody?
Huey: But who can you call when everyone is a suspect? C'mon boys, the party game is afoot.
Louie: Oh, I hate this already.
Dewey: Oh yeah.
Louie: You can't get that helmet off, can you?
Dewey: Oh no!
Huey: Ladies and gentlemen. You are no longer guests. You are now suspects in the disappearance of Scrooge McDuck. How fitting since our prime suspect is a master of making things disappear. Nik Nokturne.
Nokturne: Hm? You accuse me? Hah! I'm merely a messenger of the dark arts.
Huey: ...who had a motive...
Louie: ...Scrooge was making fun of you...
Huey: ...and the means...
Louie: ...that dumb box thingie...
Nokturne: Nik Nokturne is a professional. I can handle a little heckling.
Huey: Is that so?
Louie: Couldn't hack it as a birthday clown, huh?
Huey: Ooh nice hood, hood guy.
Louie: Hey, why don't you make like anyone is interested in you and disappear?
Huey: Is this your card?
Louie: Is this your card?
Nokturne: oh, oof!
Louie: A Beagle Boy!
Huey: And where there's a Beagle Boy, there must be...
Nokturne: MA!
Ma Beagle: Ah, for crying out loud.
Huey: Ma Beagle!
Dewey: gasp: Ma Beagle: I always gotta do everything myself. (screams) I can't believe I'm stuck in here with you morons.
Nokturne: That's right fools. Nik Nokturne was really me, Black Arts Beagle. This was all part of our sinister plan. Together we would pull off the greatest illusion of all.
Ma Beagle: Shut it, Black Arts.
Nokturne: I would bewilder you mere mortals with my mystical powers.
Ma Beagle: Shut it, Black Arts.
Nokturne: But it would all be all a distraction.
Ma Beagle: Stop explaining the plan, Black Arts!
Huey: Of course. While he made our uncle disappear, Ma would sneak away to rob Scrooge.
Nokturne: But rob him of what you ask?
Ma Beagle: He didn't ask.
Nokturne: The deed to Duckberg.
Ma Beagle: Ugh.
Louie: Uncle Scrooge owns the town?!
Huey: Technically he owns the land and leases it to the town for a tidy profit.
Louie: Aah, he's the best.
Ma Beagle: He's a thief. Scrooge conned the deed away from my poor defenseless Grandpappy Beagle, who had the good sense to steal it away from the dumb people of Duckberg first.
Huey: Ma beagle, I accuse you of abducting Scrooge McDuck, and breaking and entering.
Ma Beagle: Breaking and entering? Why, I was invited to this party.
Huey: You invited Ma Beagle?
Louie: What? She's a powerful totally legit businesswoman.
Huey: She held us hostage two months ago.
Louie: You gave me one hour to put together a guest list.
Ma Beagle: Why would I abduct Scrooge? He's more trouble than he's worth. I was counting on Black Arts for a distraction. But of course he messed that up, so when the lights went out, I went to grab the deed while you dingbats weren't looking. Unfortunately someone locked the stinking doors. I didn't think this dummy would actually make Scrooge disappear.
Nokturne: I'm not a dummy. I'm the master of the arcane.
Huey: Ah yes, the blackout. The chandelier mysteriously went out, but if we follow the power supply for the chandelier to... hah.
Ma Beagle: A stupid painting. Can I go now?
Huey: Stupid painting, or elaborate security system. Hah! Top that, former best party planner.
Ma Beagle: Boy howdy, that's a DT-87, toughest security system out there.
Huey: It would take some kind of tech genius to hack it and turn off the lights.
Dewey: (alert)
Louie: Someone who's been live posting about the party from inside the room?
Huey: Mark Beaks!
Beaks: What up? What up? Yo, Momma, up top.
Ma Beagle: Who is this?
Huey: You were dying to take Scrooge down!
Beaks: Okay, listen... Hat. I'm not threatened by Scrooge's money, please. Cash is dead. The new currency is Buzz. So when I got the invitation to this party...
Huey: You invited him, too?
Louie: One hour to prepare. One.
Beaks: I saw my shot. I wasn't trying to hack the lights, dummy, I wanted to hack the security cameras.
Huey: To erase all evidence of Scrooge's disappearance.
Beaks: Erase, uh nono. uh, I was looking for footage like, ha-this. (laughing) He thought the door was open, but it was closed. Oh man, I am going to post this gem all over the inter-webs, Ah, Scrooge will look dumb, while my account gets a dumb amount of views. Ka-boom, Beaks out. Haha haha ow! Heh, forgot that was locked. Hey, nobody filmed that, did they?
Ma Beagle: No seriously, how is this guy one of Scrooge's nemesis?
Louie: Well that explains the blackout, and the flash was from Beak's selfie.
Huey: Let me see that picture again. Enhance. Enhance. There we go.
Nokturne: Behold, my abyss box. may it rest in pieces. Someone opened it the moment before Scrooge disappeared.
Huey: Someone who hates Scrooge more than anyone.
All: Flintheart Glomgold!
Beaks: H-Hey, my rich brother from another mother.
Glomgold: Wait, how did you know it was me?
Louie: It's always you.
Glomgold: And it always will be! AH HAHAHAHAHA!
Dewey: (thunderclap)
Huey: So you took Scrooge.
Glomgold: Took Scrooge? No, I was trying to kill Scrooge. It's like my whole thing.
Beaks: FYI, you're terrible at your thing.
Ma Beagle: If he was ever going to do it, he'd have to do it while Beakley's gone.
Glomgold: Ugh, I hate that woman.
Ma Beagle: Me too, she's the absolute worst.
Glomgold: You know who I miss?
Glomgold and Ma Beagle: Duckworth.
Ma Beagle: Aw, he threw the best parties.
Glomgold: Ooh, that man was an artist. He never would have let us in here.
Beaks: Nemesis memories.
Huey: Stop bonding. This is a crime scene.
Glomgold: Anyway, when I received a literal invitation to kill Scrooge...
Huey: Ughhhh...
Louie: You know what? Next time, you make the guest list.
Glomgold: ...the real question was how to dispose of dear old McDuck. (montage of failed attempts) And eventually I ran out of time, shoved a spare bomb in a gift box, and ran over. HAH! Ah, classic Glomgold.
Huey: So when the lights went out, you rushed to give Scrooge the gift so you wouldn't miss your chance, but he had already disappeared.
Beaks: Coo-coo-cool, but so then where's the exploding present?
Glomgold: Not my best work.
Huey: Yes, of course, It's all coming together. Staff meeting.
Louie: You got nothing do you?
Huey: I got nothing.
Louie: Okay, it pains me to say this, but maybe we should call Beakley for help. Ooh, Ow, woah, doing the right thing stings.
Huey: No! the plan is I solve the mystery and rescue Scrooge. He'll love the party and he'll be forced to admit I did a better job than Duckworth and then he'll let us throw parties all the time.
Louie: You want to do this all the time?
Huey: I totally know who did it.
Louie: Uh...
Huey: Yes. Invited guests. Assorted arch enemies. Who is guilty of Scrooge McDuck's birthday disappearance? Ironically, it was the one with no plan whatsoever. The one who took advantage of the chaos to take Scrooge now, Then decide how to kill him later. That's right, it was Flintheart Glomgold!
Glomgold: Ha HAH! Wait, what?
Huey: You thought you got away with it. but you didn't count on the worlds' greatest party planner slash detective. Take that, Duckworth. "Try again."
Dewey: Ble-ble-ble-bless me bagpipes.
Huey: Okay, so it wasn't Glomgold. That means it was Mark Beaks.
Beaks: What's up?
Huey: "Try Again?" Ma Beagle?
Ma Beagle: Ah!
Huey: Oh c'mon! That's weird. There's literally no one else it could be. If it wasn't them, then who?
Louie: Cool, cool. So time to give up on this disaster of a party and call Beakley?
Dewey: ring, Che-Che-Cheerio.
Louie: Running out of sound effects?
Dewey: Oh, yeah!
Huey: Of course you two want to give up. You've been conspiring against my amazing party from the start. Inviting villains, being bad at DJ-ing? Yeah, I said it.
Dewey: Booo!
Huey: I wouldn't be surprised if you took Uncle Scrooge to make me look bad.
Louie: We worked our butts off to help you plan this party and you complain. Then we went along with this weird mystery party idea which went nowhere. And worst of all, you made me the responsible one.
Huey: Well you can just, Black Arts! Black Arts! It was Black Arts Beagle and, a demon. Knew it the whole time.
Louie: Great, mystery solved, now what?
Huey: I don't know. Once you solve the mystery the party should be over.
Nokturne: This party's just getting started. I plotted this whole thing to prove to Ma that all those magic classes were not a waste of time. You hear me? I summoned a demon to get rid of her enemies, and then, her. And now I'll finally get rid of you. Spirit, I command thee to get them! I said get them, please? Oh no, I'm not as good as I thought I was!
Kids: Aahh!
Huey: Now I'll never be able to throw a party better than Duckworth.
Louie: Also, you'll be dead!
Huey: Should have listened to Uncle Scrooge when he said "Spit on me spats, I hate parties." But I just had to do it.
Louie: Right now, you have to stop talking.
Huey: I was trying to throw the best party, but wound up with the worst party, or was it the best party for someone who hates parties? That's it!
Louie: Uh oh.
Huey: I know where Scrooge is!
Louie: Stop Yelling!
Dewey: Ugh, Oh man, I never want to see that helmet again. Ah, I wish I had the helmet! Duck!
Huey: Turn right. I said right, Louie. Right!
Louie: I'm not controlling the armor. The ghost thing is.
All: Aahh! uuh...
Huey: C'mon, I know exactly who's behind this.
Scrooge: Boys, I give you the man who kidnapped our Uncle Scrooge.
Dewey and Louie: Uncle Scrooge?
Scrooge: (laughing) There you lads are. You're just in time for the best part.
Glomgold: Aah!
Beaks: Don't kill me, I barely lived hashtag YOLO hashtag photo hashtag Aahh!
Huey: The person with the best reason for getting Scrooge out of the party was Scrooge himself.
Dewey: S-S-Say what? Sorry, I'm not used to talking. Sound epic, be-beep boop beep...
Louie: Wait, what about Black Art's ghost?
Scrooge: Not his ghost, my ghost. Boys, meet Duckworth.
Duckworth: Good evening young sirs.
Dewey: A ghost butler?
Louie: So do I ring a bell when I need you, or you just just show up...
Scrooge: It all started with that monstrosity of a magic show.
Nokturne: I call upon the spirits!
Scrooge: That preposterous prestidigitator conjured up a spirit, all right. Unfortunately for him, it was the ghost of my most loyal servant.
Duckworth: I returned to the corporeal world to find the mansion full of Mr. McDuck's enemies, and even worse, hosting them at a sub-par party.
Huey: Hey!
Duckworth: So I did what any butler worth his coat tails would, alleviate the situation.
Louie: So the creepy whispering was you?
Duckworth: I do have a flair for the dramatic.
Huey: When the lights went out, you took Scrooge to protect him from them, and me. I'm sorry, Uncle Scrooge. This was supposed to be a party for you but I made it about me. Please accept my resignation as world's greatest party planner slash detective.
Scrooge: Ach, rubbish. This has been my best birthday ever. Those fellows will think twice before trying to set foot in McDuck Manor again, and you brought back my favorite butler from beyond the grave, no less. The two of you really threw a ??? of a party.
Louie: Hang on if you liked the party why did Duckworth scare us all half to death?
Scrooge: Ah, you weren't ever in any real danger. That was clearly a fake ghost axe.
Duckworth: Ahem, of course.
Scrooge: Let this be a lesson. I never want another party.
Huey: But what about parties for holidays like Christmas, Hanukkah, or the often overlooked Arbor Day?
Duckworth: Mr McDuck just said (demonically) No parties.
Huey: I'll just buy a card.
Webby: Hey Duckworth.
Duckworth: Mrs. Beakley. How nice of you to finally return after abandoning your post. Thankfully, I was here to pick up your slack. Tell me, do you typically keep the house this shabby?
Beakley: I preferred it when you were dead.