(Opening song plays)
The episode commences with a zooming shot of McDuck Manor.
Cut to inside Scrooge's chambers, his hand is putting on a record of Sounds of the Scottish Highlands. He is pouring some tea into a cup and takes the cup before sitting in his chair. He is happy, closes his eyes and turns never noticing a golden Spear of Selene rocket outside, then sips his tea. The door opens and Della peaks her head in.
Scrooge McDuck: [Sighs] Ah, Della; What can I do for you on this beautiful morning?
Della Duck: [Innocently] Uncle Scrooge, remember how great you felt when I came back from the Moon after all these years? All the unconditional love?
Scrooge McDuck: More than you'll ever know, lass. [A second golden Spear of Selene replica arrives outside and startles Della] I'll remember that feeling always.
Della Duck: [Eyes widened, then turns back to Scrooge] Great. I need you to really hold on to that feeling.
Scrooge turns his office chair and widens his eyes and Della grits her teeth.
Scrooge McDuck: CURSE ME KILTS! [Stands up dropping his teacup] IS THAT THE SPEAR OF SELENE?!
Della Duck: [Innocently] You promised you wouldn't be mad...!
Cut to outside in downtown Duckburg, a third golden Spear of Selene replica begins to touchdown. All across Duckburg, there are eight golden Spear of Selene rocket replicas and the engine of one shuts down.
Cut to the living room of McDuck Manor, Scrooge is holding the remote and turns on the Channel 3 news. The text reads "Rocket Lands in Duckburg" as the air camera on the tv moves around.
Roxanne Featherly: [Off-screen] The rockets touched down just minutes ago. [A view of the family is shown perplexed by what is happening while Della rubs her sleeve] It's still not clear what they want, [On the tv, Roxanne is reporting while the crowd watches the rocket behind her. The text on screen reads "Earth is doomed!"] but authorities urge everyone to remain calm... [News text now reads "EVERYONE PANIC!!! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!" while Roxanne is disappointed and scoffs] Come on, Carl.
Cut to the site of where Roxanne was reporting the rocket's landing. Spectators are taking photos. One brown dog with bushy hair arrives. The camera changes to view of the golden rocket and goes upward. A helicopter flies over the golden rocket.
Roxanne Featherly: [Off-screen] All of Duckburg watches as authorities send in their top man.
Gizmoduck speeds up to M'ma Crackshell-Cabrera who exchanges glances with her son. Gizmoduck then slowly closer to the rocket.
Fenton Crackshell-Cabrera/Gizmoduck: [Nervously to himself] Okay, Fenton, it's just first contact with life from beyond the stars. Momentous. Cosmically historic. Totally manageable.
Gizmoduck clears his throat and knocks on one of the fins of the rocket. He glares up and one of the fins opens revealing a ramp. Gizmoduck moves back. From within the rocket is Palus who has her hands clasped together. She walks out closer to Gizmoduck then off-screen spectators take some pictures.
Fenton Crackshell-Cabrera/Gizmoduck: [Off-screen] Uh, hi! [Camera shows Gizmoduck happily welcoming Palus] We're Earth. [Extends a mechanical arm holding a tin of pie to Palus] And you are?
Palus takes the pie and eats a piece making sounds that agree with the flavor. In the McDuck Manor living room, the tv text reads "They come in peace... of pie?"
Della Duck: Oof! Maybe I misheard Penny's invasion warning. [Chuckles while bopping Dewey with her left arm] Lot of static in space.
Cut back to the rocket's landing site. Palus gasps and reaches behind herself, while M'ma Crackshell-Cabrera glares suspiciously. A laser gun is moved into view.
M'Ma Crackshell-Cabrera: GIZMODUCK, WATCH OUT!
Palus proudly fires her laser gun while M'Ma Cabrera pushes her son away. The shot hits a police car. The crowd clamors as more Moonlanders armed with laser guns arrive.
Palus: We are the mighty! We are the MOON!
The Moonlanders charge with clamoring yells while Palus takes another pie bite. Gizmoduck shrieks while shielding his mother from laser fire that misses them. Roxanne's TV crew and the spectators run for their lives and laser fire streaks across the camera. The news van's windshield is punctured while one dog with a burned cowboy hat peaks out.
Cut to the McDuck Manor living room. On the TV, Roxanne is running while screaming. The downed news camera shows a text reading "Carl was right, we're doomed!" Laser fire shorts out the camera and everyone in the living room gasps in horror.
Della Duck: [Guilty] Aw, phooey.
Cut to the Duckburg docks, laser fire forces a seagull to fly away. Over the shots of lasers, Mann is with her partner Fisher who is trying to shield himself. One fisherman is picking up his crate slightly. The camera shows the Moonlanders opening fire. The brutish fisherman runs at the Moonlanders, but stops as laser fire rings out and yells. But the Moonlanders point their guns at him and he exclaims while jumping into the water. The fisherpeople are confused about their brutish fisherman fleeting.
Cut to the Waddle Headquarters as people are panicking. A dog and a duck woman are running for their lives from laser fire while Gibbous and Zenith walk into view. Zenith fires her gun: Old Woman: [Off-screen] Run! Run! Look out!
A flash photo confuses the Gibbous-Zenith pair and they turn to see Mark Beaks' phone taking selfies. Zenith seizes Beaks but it doesn't stop him from happily selfie-ing himself and his captors.
Cut to outside the Money Bin. Over police sirens, Palus and her party are closing in and the McDuck station wagon beeps its car horn. Palus's party make two lanes in confusion. In the station wagon, Della and the kids are screaming but the car stabilizes.
Scrooge: Faster, [Camera shows Scrooge and Beakley in the front seats] Beakley! [The Glomgold Industries headquarters is hit hard] The Bin is the most secure place in town!
Dewey Duck: [Fearlessly] This is it! [Opens the back window] Saving the Earth is my dew-stiny! Come face [Laser fire scratches the station wagon] the chosen one!
Webby Vanderquack: [Sets Dewey back inside] Nerp! [Shut the back window]
Della Duck: [Clearly guilty] Why are they doing this?! They liked me so much!
Scrooge McDuck: [To Della] Enough! [Gravely] I have a plan...!
The car heads inside the Bin and the garage door shuts. The Bin is surrounded by lasers.
Cut to Gyro's office with Scrooge barging in.
Scrooge McDuck: Gyro! It's time. [Gyro turns to Scrooge] Unleash... the Unstoppa-Bomb!
Gyro Gearloose: The Moonlanders, um, already found that and stopped it.
Scrooge McDuck: [While Beakley, Webby and Della march in with worried faces] What? Uh, alright then...Activate the Doomsday Ray...!
Gyro Gearloose: That was like the first thing they took out.
Scrooge McDuck: Okay. I swore I'd never have initiate our worst weapon--
Gyro Gearloose: [Skeptical] And you never will, because they destroyed that too. This was a very well-planned invasion.
Suddenly, the projector goes on the fritz and shows Lunaris with something gold behind him.
General Lunaris: Greetings, puny Earthers; I am General Lunaris of the vastly superior Planet Moon.
Scrooge's party blinks at Lunaris.
Scrooge McDuck: The Moon's not a planet-
Della Duck: [Cuts Scrooge off] Yeah, it's a whole thing with them.
General Lunaris: [On the projector screen] For too long, my people have lived in fear of your Earth hanging in the sky. The time has come for the Earth to fear us. I now wish to speak to Scrooge McDuck. "Smarter than the smarties", eh? Heh. Perhaps on Earth.
Scrooge McDuck: [Angrily] You scurrilous space scoundrel!
General Lunaris: You've probably just realized that I've taken out your defenses. And you've retreated to the strength of your impenetrable "Money Bin".
Scrooge McDuck: [Defiantly] What you don't know is that family--
General Lunaris: [Cuts Scrooge off] But as we all know your family is the greatest strength of all. Which is why I'm coming for them next. [Shows on the projector a large golden Spear of Selene rocket touching down over McDuck Manor, while Scrooge gasps] Lunaris... has arrived.
Lunaris cuts out his transmission while projector turns to fritz. Scrooge turns to Della.
Scrooge McDuck.
We need to call for help. Unless Lunaris took down our communication satellites too.
Huey Duck: Uh, no. Louie did.
Louie Duck: [Surprised] That was last week! I didn't know there'd be an alien invasion this week!
Gyro Gearloose: [Holds a finger up] I may have a solution.
Cut to Gyro's lab. Gyro opens a closet with Scrooge beside him. A number of Lil Bulbs march out to the open. The lead Lil Bulb stands in front while Gyro holds one.
Gyro Gearloose: Lil Bulb's Bulb-Tech operates on its own network. They can talk [The Lil Bulb look-a-like sets itself like its resting] to each other like walkie-talkies. [Hands the Lil Bulb clone to Scrooge and to his Lil Bulb army] Find our allies! Go, children. Like the wind!
The Lil Bulb army runs to the elevator. One helps the other activate the up button. The other bulbs race into the elevator, then the other two follow. The lead Lil Bulb salutes Gyro who does the same then the elevator doors shut. Gyro walks away and the Lil Bulb clone jumps out of Scrooge's hand.
Della Duck: Uncle Scrooge. Lunaris is coming for our family. We have to do something.
Scrooge nods silently as does Della.
Scrooge McDuck: [To the children] Kids! Great news:: Dewey Duck: We're gonna heroically face-off against the enemy?
Della Duck: Better! While Gyro's Bulbs search the town for fighters, we're gonna search the globe! I need Webby's skills, Dewey's gusto, Huey's know-how, and Louie? [Sees Louie is staring at the Duckburg model sadly. Then, puts her hand on his head.] I need you to see the angles I can't.
Louie Duck: [Proudly] I won't let you down, Mom.
Della Duck: [Ruffles Louie's hair and raises a fist] To the Cloudslayer!
Cuts to the Duckburg streets. Two Moonlanders survey the area while a vehicle burns and a rocket flies overhead. Gibbous and four Moonlanders have rounded up four civilians: a male duck, a male dog and two female dogs who are in golden handcuffs. The camera moves up to Lil Bulb peaking behind a Waddle billboard. Lil Bulb waves to the other Bulbs and they run in different directions. One Bulb is nervous and Lil Bulb slaps it before hugging it. The Bulb salutes and runs off. Lil Bulb watches the bulb running across the street. In the sky, the Cloudslayer/Sunchaser flies away.
Cut to the limousine garage, Launchpad is having trouble starting his limousine.
Launchpad McQuack: C'mon! [The engine doesn't start and Launchpad frantically moves the wheel] Mr. McDee needs me! Why won't this start?! [Camera shows the limousene has fire coming off] Oh, right...fire.
Two Moonlanders arrive while Launchpad struggles with the engine. One Moonlander startles Launchpad and prepares to fire his laser gun when a smoke flash stops him.
Darkwing Duck: [Walking through the purple smoke] I am the terror that flaps in the night. [Poses while the smoke clears] I am the scream you can hear in space! I am--
Moonlander Soldier 1
[Off-screen] Anything dangerous in there?
Camera shows one Moonlander soldier walking to his comrades dismissively.
Moonlander Soldier 2
Nah. Just some purple weirdo. Move out!
Darkwing Duck: [Provoked to the running Moonlander soldiers] Whaddyamean, purple weirdo?!
Launchpad McQuack: [Gets out of the limousene and sees who just saved his life] Darkwing! You saved me!
A Lil bulb clone runs to the garage: Scrooge McDuck: [Radioing in] This is Scrooge McDuck, calling all forces to the bin!
Darkwing Duck: [While the bulb climbs onto the limousine] Ah, a call to action. The city needs a savior, and--
Scrooge McDuck: [Through the Lil Bulb radio] Repeat, all forces to the Bin.
Darkwing Duck: Good idea. You be my ears so I can focus on defending the people.
Cuts to Gizmoduck lifting some debris for a dog civilian to escape while another Lil Bulb runs to Gizmoduck.
Scrooge McDuck: [Radioing] This is Scrooge McDuck, calling all forces to the Bin!
Gizmoduck notices the bulb.
Cut to a playground where Lena is holding onto one of the bulbs and gasps. She stays hidden from two Moonlander soldiers. One rocket-like playset reads "Duck". A purple Moonlander aims but finds nothing.
Cut to the Duckburg Public Library. Five Moonlander soldiers are walking by. A Lil Bulb races inside. Inside at the desk are a pile of books.
Scrooge McDuck: [Radioing] This is Scrooge Mcduck calling all forces to the-
Quackfaster with a green book on her head and Violet see the bulb out of curiosity.
Cut to the rooftops, one Lil Bulb clone is running across and raises it arms while Gibbous takes it in his hands.
Gibbous: What the craters is this?
Huey Duck: [Radioing on the Lil Bulb] Huey to Uncle Scrooge. Our top secret mission is underway. Good thing this is a secure line, or the Moonlanders would know we're in E-
The Lil Bulb clone spins its light bulb loose and it falls to the street, shattering while Gibbous is confused.
Cut to the Cloudslayer/Sunchaser flying over the Egyptian desert.
Huey Duck: [Off-screen] I repeat, we are approaching Egypt. And our first stop: The Temple of Toth-Ra! [Grunts while the Lil Bulb clone with him pulls on his beak]
Louie Duck: [Looking at a map] We'll bring Amunet's army of living mummies back to Duckburg. My sources tell me our pal Djinn is in the area too. [To Della] A regular ol' twofer.
Della Duck: Good thinking. All part of the plan.
Louie Duck: [To Huey] Huey, got those bulb phones ready?
Huey Duck: [Lil Bulbs are entagling him] Mm, yeah- Working on it!
Della Duck: There's the pyramid!
Louie and Huey face front. Outside, the plane closes in on the pyramid where the kids fought Toth-Ra before.
Cut back to the plane, Louie reads the map while Huey comes view with Webby and Dewey.
Louie Duck: Perfect; We swoop down, pick up our forces and get back to Duckburg [The rest of Della's party gasps in shock] before the invasion can [Widens his eyes] spread.
The Cloudslayer/Sunchaser sees that a golden rocket has already landed.
Della's party: H'boy.
The Cloudslayer/Sunchaser flies ahead.
Cut to outside the pyramid at ground level. Three Moonlanders join five of their ranks. Two of the soldiers fire while one charges forward. Even as lasers fire, Djinn is facing the Moonlanders and uses his sword to deflect a laser shot to hit a male soldier. Djinn grabs a female Moonlander and spins her around before throwing her as she screams. Djinn reflexively dodges two shots and swings his sword, sending a laser shot flying to a male Moonlander; The shot ricochets and hits a female soldier, then another male soldier. One male and one female Moonlander fire wildly while Amunet jumps down on them. She double kicks the male Moonlander away then uses her khopesh to sweep the female off her feet. The beaten Moonlander soldiers roll down the sandy hill as Amunet runs away from laser fire. Djinn is standing fast until Amunet grabs him.
Cut to the Cloudslayer/Sunchaser, Della is looking on in horror.
Della Duck: No. No...!
Cut to inside the pyramid, Amunet pulls Djinn inside amidst laser fire.
Outside, a Lil Bulb parachutes down.
Huey Duck: [Radioing] Djinn, Amunet, it's Huey Duck. You guys okay down there?
Amunet: [Taking the Lil Bulb clone in her hand] We'll be fine!
Cut back to Cloudslayer/Sunchaser cockpit while Della's party listens from their Lil Bulb.
Djinn: [Radioing from his end] Moon, Sun, or the North Star itself, nothing will prevent me from upholding my- [Gets hit] Ooh! My haunches!
Huey Duck: [Desperately] Don't worry, we're coming for you!
Della Duck: [Takes the Lil Bulb] Where are the rest of your people?
Amunet: [Radioing from her end] Safe! In the pyramid!
Louie Duck: [To Webby and Dewey] Dewey, Webby, watch for lasers. [To Della] Mom, take us down!
Della takes the wheel and grunts, but instead takes the plane up.
Louie Duck: No, Mom, lower. [Della straightens the plane] Go down- no, the pyramid's the other way.
Della Duck: There's no place to land.
Dewey Duck: [Pointing for spots to land] There's a spot. There's another spot. In fact, it is mostly flat desert out there.
Della Duck: Djinn and Amunet can't hold them back much longer. The Moonlanders will invade the pyramid.
Louie Duck: But... what about the plan? Reinforcements and...?
Della Duck: We'll find them someplace... safer.
Amunet: [Radioing] I can't believe we defeated a sun god only to be attacked by moon people. [Camera cuts to Djinn and Amunet under heavy laser fire] If only there was some kinda, I don't know, a moon god!
Della's party: Or goddess!
Della Duck: To Ithaquack!
The plane flies away from the desert.
Cut to the Money Bin meeting room with Scrooge and his allies at the table arguing amongst themselves. Scrooge is on one end of the table facing Darkwing Duck. On one side, Beakley, Quackfaster, Manny, Violet, Lena and Duckworth. On the other side, Launchpad, Johnny, Randy, Gabby McStabberson who fought Scrooge's party before, Gyro, M'ma Crackshell-Cabrera and Gizmoduck. The camera zooms in on Scrooge looking at a battle map with a model of a spaceship.
Duckworth: We could sternly ask them to leave.
Lena Sabrewing: Buddy, you are a waste of magic.
Gyro Gearloose: Simple Solution: Clone army. Why are we even still talking? I'll get the clone spray. [Stands from his seat] Meantime, we throw Gizmoduck out there as a decoy.
M'ma Crackshell-Cabrera: [Grabs Gyro by his shirt] You hurt him, I hurt you.
Gizmoduck: [Nervously laughs] Thank you for your concern, random citizen!
M'ma Crackshell-Cabrera: Fenton, [Moves her chair to face Gizmoduck] I'm a detective and your mother. I know you're Gizmoduck.
Gizmoduck: [Loud whisper] M'ma! Secret identity.
As the arguing continues, we are shown a view facing Darkwing Duck with five Lil Bulbs liying on the table. Darkwing suddenly stands and raises a finger.
Darkwing Duck: What we need is a symbol to strike fear in their hearts. [Jumps onto the table and conceals himself in his cape and walks across] Smoke bomb, an unknown figure appears; [Moves his cape aside] Who's that? [Does superhero poses] Lightning, drama, chaos, they surrender immediately to DARKWING DUCK!
Violet Sabrewing: [Over dismissive stares] I'm sorry. Who is that?
Darkwing sulks and returns to his seat over the argument.
Gizmoduck: Hi, I'm Gizmoduck. When there's trouble, you call me. What's your name?
Gizmoduck holds out his hand, but Darkwing groans angrily.
Launchpad McQuack: Guys, guys, I got it! What we need... is a plan. [Everyone else clamors] And that plan is Darkwing!
Scrooge: [Sets his cane on the map] No one ever won a battle by squabbling! We need to stand united under one foolproof plan!
Beakley: [Clears her throat and points to her boss] Lunaris DID defeat your first three foolproof plans.
Scrooge: Aye, and he thinks we're running scared. The last thing he'd expect is for us to run [Moves the model ducks representing his alliance towards the model of Lunaris' flagship] at him.
Lena: Yeah, cuz' it's crazy!
Scrooge: I know every inch of that mansion. If I can get up there, I can sneak into Lunaris' ship and take him down! But we need a distraction. Our army will attack his army head-on!
Quackfaster: I'm sorry. What army?
Scrooge: My great-grandfather used to say: "Give me 12 highlanders and a bagpiper and I'll give you a rebellion!" We may be a rag-tag gang of underdogs but we'll survive like we always do because we're smarter. we're tougher, we're sharper! Follow my lead and we'll win this battle square!
Everyone cheers for Scrooge over his speech.
Cut to Ithaquack where the Sunchaser/Cloudslayer has landed. Outside Zeus' temple, Huey is still struggling with the Lil Bulbs while Webby throws a kick that Dewey blocks and Louie and Della climb the stairs.
Huey: Ah, no-- Stop-- I am man, you are machine. [Falls on his front] Ow! Get off me!
Della and Louie arrive outside Zeus' temple gates.
Louie: Hello? Selene? Goddess of the Moon?
The door opens but Zeus appears and adamantly shoots a lightning blast which Della and Louie barely dodge.
Della: Open the ding-dang door, ya pantheon of palookas!
Selene: [Off-screen from the other side of the doors] We'd love to help you, but we're kinda grounded.
Cut to inside Zeus' temple, Selene and Storkules are holding Zeus by his arms desperately.
Storkules: Father, please! What of the Earth!? [Pushes against Zeus] What of my Donald?!
Zeus: [Knocks Storkules back] No! We are not helping Scrooge McDuck! If the mortals jumped off a bridge, would you jump too?
Storkules: [Whining] Yes, Father, for I am immortal! [Gets zapped by Zeus' lightning and falls backward]
Della Duck: Please, let us in!
Louie Duck: [While Della continues knocking on the door] So we can figure out a plan to stop the Moonlanders.
Della Duck: We need to hide!
Louie Duck: [Della knocks more] ...our plan from spies so maybe we can talk it over on the plane back to Duckburg?
Della Duck: We can't ever go back to Duckburg!
Louie Duck: Without you! I think. [Moves up to Della] Sorry, Mom. I'm a little lost here.
Della Duck: Trust me; It's the plan. You don't need to know every part of the plan, but it's a great plan!
Louie Duck: Is part of the plan saying "plan" a lot? Look, what's going on here, Mom?
Just then, an energy burst hits the door while Della and Louie drop to the ground. In the sky, a golden Spear of Selene replica is opening fire and hits two pillars while Della and Louie take cover behind one. Della gives an annoyed grunt to the damage before she and Louie run away. Selene peaks out from the door.
Selene: Sorry! Call me later; We'll hang out if we're not all conquered.
Cut to the outer grounds of McDuck Manor. The camera moves from the large golden rocket over Mcduck Manor to the road to the manor house. Palus has a large Moonlander party with her.
Palus: Sir, we've secured the only path to the mansion. No one's getting through.
General Lunaris: [Off-screen through Palus's communication device on her chest] Very good. It's all falling into place.
Bagpipes are heard playing, which irritates the Moonlander, as the camera cuts to Scrooge dressed as a Scottish warrior playing bagpipes while riding on Manny as the latter taps: "This is humiliating."
Palus: Ugh...! He's launching some kind of horrible sonic warfare!
The rest of Scrooge's allies show up as Scrooge continues playing the bagpipes while we get views of the two armies about to clash until he stops.
Scrooge: Stick to the plan. Everyone hold until I give word, hold! Hold!
Launchpad: [Driving the station wagon recklessly by] Oh, no! Sorry, everyone! Oh no! Oh! [Crashes into a tree then reverses] Oh, okay. [Crashes into another tree] There we go.
Scrooge: Oh, fine! Just go!
Everyone begins to charge at the enemy as they shout for battle. The two armies converge with McDuck leaping off Manny and knocking out two Moonlander soldiers with his cane. One Moonlander fires, but Scrooge uses his cane to deflect it and hit her instead. Launchpad reverses the station wagon, then drives up to Scrooge's position.
Scrooge: Launchpad and uh, the the purple guy...
Darkwing Duck: Actually, it's Darkwing-
Scrooge: [Throws Darkwing Duck out of the passenger seat and gets in] No time. Drive!
Launchpad and Scrooge drive past the soldiers while Darkwing Duck jumps onto the roof of the car. Two soldiers fire but then Beakley yells punching a big blue Moonlander down. She then gives a gut punch, then a Shoryuken-like punch to another Moonlander. She gets punched in the face by a bigger green Moonlander, but she shrugs it off, grabs his arm and throws him down like aikido. Shocked, two male soldiers and one female soldier try to fire, but are enveloped into a black shadowy mist, carried into the sky and blasted out by Duckworth's monster form. He shifts to his normal form and gives a gesture, then shifts to his monster form and flies around scaring three more Moonlander soldiers to run towards some trees. The soldiers survey they surroundings but then Lena, sitting in one of the trees turns a soldier's laser gun into a crow. Lena then forms a ball of pink energy and hurls one at a soldier, then another. Another pink orb is shot as the third soldier flees, but then Violet using a pink-purple magic mace sweeps the soldier off his feet. He tries to fire, but Violet knocks his gun away. She aims her weapon and the soldier raises his hands in surrender. Elsewhere, two soldiers are firing when an explosion is heard. Gizmoduck drives up, and uses one of his extendable arms to grab the two soldiers and sling them far away. Gyro, Johnny, Randy and Gabby join up with Gizmoduck. More Moonlander lasers are fired while three more enemy soldiers arrive. Gyro fires an energy gun of his own, while Gabby jumps in front and reflexively uses her swords to deflect laser fire. She jumps into the air and throws three kunai to render the soldiers' guns useless. Gabby kneels while Quackfaster wildly runs at the soldiers with her own sword. Gizmoduck drives towards four Moonlander soldiers who are giving fire. Gizmoduck dodges a shot.
Gizmoduck: M'Ma!
M'Ma Crackshell-Cabrera: I got him!
M'Ma Cabrera runs up and grabs a soldier's arm. She then twists the soldier's arm and forces him to the ground.
Gizmoduck: You're embarrassing me in front of the rebellion!
M'Ma Crackshell-Cabrera: These aren't some bank robbers. It's an invasion! What are you going to do, pollito?
Gizmoduck: Cream them...!
Three more Moonlander soldiers fire while Gizmoduck encircles them and shoots three pies out of his chest, each hitting them square in the face. Gizmoduck jumps back to the side of his mother.
Female Moonlander Soldier: [While the other Moonlanders get the pies off their faces] Mmm, what is this delicious flavor?
Gizmoduck: Lemon merengue. Harpies love it.
In the sky, the harpies who hassled Storkules and Louie Inc. before fly down from the clouds with screeches. With the pies cleared from their faces, the soldiers gasp and try to flee, but are carried away with screams of horror. M'Ma Cabrera is surprised.
M'Ma Crackshell-Cabrera: Not bad, Gizmopollito.
Gyro Clone: [Charges forward] YEAAAAAAAAAH! [Gets vaporized by laser fire]
Gizmoduck: Ah! DR. GEARLOOSE!
Gyro Clone: Don't worry. [Walks in] That was a clone. [Vaporized by laser fire]
Gyro Gearloose: Okay. That might have been me, none of us really know anymore. CHAAARRGE!
Gyro and his clones run towards three soldiers. Palus and another soldier are firing. Four more Moonlander soldiers join with Palus while Beakley knocks a Moonlander down. She spin kicks another soldier away but then laser fire scrapes her right arm. She clutches it in pain before getting her Lil Bulb out and calls into it.
Beakley: Mr. McDuck, I don't know how much longer we can hold them!
Scrooge: [Off-screen through bulb communication] Trust me, Beakley, it's going just as planned!
Cut to the Duck station wagon driving through the road with Darkwing Duck standing on the roof proudly.
Darkwing Duck: I am the blakc hole that- [A newspaper flies in his face, but he loosens it] I am the supernova that- [Another newspaper flies in his face, but he throws it off, then looks in the car] Can you slow down please?!
Scrooge: Nonsense! I have to get to Lunaris before he realizes I'm missing from the battlefield.
Darkwing Duck: But if no one knows we're coming, well, how can they be terrified of me?
Scrooge: For the last time, you ignominious egomaniac, they're not scared of you!
Darkwing Duck: Oh.
Scrooge: They barely even notice you. (Sets his hands under his beak as if thinking of something)
Cut to over the ocean. The Sunchaser/Cloudslayer is being chased by the golden rocket that was firing on them in Ithaquack. The laser shots barely graze the airplane.
Cut to inside the plane, the kids are screaming in their seats. In the cockpit, Della pulls out the map and looks into it. The plane begins to lose altitude, but she stabilizes it. She grunts while setting her prosthetic leg on the console and then, looks at the map.
Della: Okay. We can get to the Dawson Mines... Ooh! Or the caves of Mt. Neverest!
Huey: But those places are abandoned. I thought we were looking for recruits to fight Lunaris!
Louie: I'm sure Mom's just, ya know, looking to set up a second base to attack from.
Laser fire breaks off part of the right float of the plane. Della is thrown from the cockpit with a scream, but grabs the steering wheel, sending the seaplane flying up. The golden rocket also follows suit. Della looks behind and the kids are hanging on for dear life. Huey's grip on the passenger seat fails with a scream.
Della: HUEY!
Dewey senses the danger and catches his brother.
Dewey: Don't worry, the hero of Earth's here to save you... [Webby is holding onto the rails with her legs and holding onto Dewey's legs] and Webby is here to save me! Dewey Ex Machina!
Suddenly, the engine stalls out while Della climbs into the pilot seat. Della reapplies her metal leg, then moves the steering wheel with a roar. The engine roars and the plane moves past its golden rocket pursuer. Della moves the wheel back while the plane splashes some of the ocean water. She then sets the plane normally.
Della: Oof.
Dewey: (Dewey comes to the cockpit with the others) We have to go back to Duckburg!
Webby: The plan's not working. We had a chance to get Amunet and Djinn, but we ran away.
Huey: And back in Ithaquack, you were more worried about getting us in then getting reinforcements out. (Louie glares at the pilot seat) It's almost like...
Louie: The plan isn't about finding help. It's about running away! We're being scammed!
Della: Lunaris is targeting us! If I'd told the truth, you wouldn't have come!
Dewey: So, we don't fight back? We leave our friends and family?
Della: (turns to Dewey) You're my family! I can't lose you again!
Laser fire hits the engine and the Sunchaser/Cloudslayer spirals out of control while the occupants scream.
Cut to outside McDuck Manor. The station wagon arrives and the tires screech before passing through the outer walls.
Launchpad: Almost... [A view of the dollar sign garden piece] there and...!
A purple Moonlander jumps out with another blue soldier beside him, and the former fires. The shot hits the front left tire and car drifts two times. Three Moonlanders dodge the station wagon until it crash-stops at the dollar sign garden piece. The three soldiers watch with confident smiles while seemingly Scrooge walks out wobbily and drops on his frontal.
Moonlander Soldier: There's Scrooge McDuck: The soldier who spotted the supposed Scrooge changes his expression while a supposed Darkwing Duck sneaks out of the driver seat of the station wagon.
Moonlander Soldier: Forget him. Get Scrooge!
The three Moonlander soldiers jump onto the supposed Scrooge and pile up onto him.
Cut to inside the manor's foyer. Darkwing Duck hides for a moment beside the chimney then runs to the stairs stopping for a moment befor climbing the right stairway. In the hallway, Darkwing hides behind a chest and continues running when...
Zenith: Halt, Earther! [Darkwing raises his hands in surrender, and Zenith and Gibbous are pointing their guns at him] Who's this?
What they do not suspect is that "Darkwing" is actually Scrooge who turns his eyes back. Scrooge rushes towards Gibbous and dodges his shot, then forcefully raises his right arm and kicks him in the back. Zenith tries to fire, but Scrooge uppercuts her gun from her hand.
Scrooge: I am [Graps Zenith's hand and spins her away] sharper than the sharpies... [Zenith drops near Gibbous] I am tougher than the toughies... [Poses] I am [Sheds the Darkwing Duck mask and hat] Scrooge McDuck!
Gibbous: Ooh, impressive entrance!
The Zenith-Gibbous pair clap their hands in applause.
Cut to outside in the front yard. Launchpad gets out of the station wagon wobbily when he hears fighting noises and gasps. It turns out the "Scrooge" fighting the Moonlander soldiers is Drake Mallard who is woozy. He tries to punch the big purple soldier, but is uppercuted backward.
Darkwing Duck/Drake Mallard: And now prepare your--
Drake ducks under two punches from the male blue soldier, then backhand punches him. He then punches the big purple soldier making him clutch his chest in pain, then does a spinning punch sending the soldier flying. But the female blue soldier jabs Drake. Launchpad shows a determined look and runs forward, then tackles the female soldier before Darkwing can land his own punch.
Darkwing Duck/Drake Mallard: [Groggy] Where did he-? How did he-?
Launchpad: DW, are you okay? [Darkwing/Drake falls forward, but Launchpad stops his fall]
Darkwing Duck/Drake Mallard: They finally paid attention to me. I AM a hero! I am... [Looks to Launchpad] Who am I?
Launchpad: [Drops Drake] Darkwing Duck!
Darkwing Duck/Drake Mallard: [Raises a fist in victory] Alright...!
Cut back to inside the McDuck Manor hallway. Scrooge has tied up Gibbous and Zenith before running through. He climbs out of a tower and onto the roof. With a few of the large golden Spear of Selene rocket, Scrooge converges ready to confront Lunaris.
Scrooge McDuck: [Cracks his knuckles] I'm about to show you who's really smarter than the smarties.
Scrooge strodes to climb the ramp, but his left foot goes straight through and he falls through sliding towards the edge of the roof.
General Lunaris: [Off-screen] There you are, took long enough. [The large golden Spear of Selene replica is actually a hologram which disappears while Scrooge shows an angry face. The hologram changes to show a hologram of Lunaris's face.] You see, Scrooge, my father taught me that fear is a powerful weapon; Fear can motivate the Moonlanders to invade your planet; Fear can make the ridiculous people of Earth [Shows the Moonlander soldiers have won and restrained Gyro, Gizmoduck, M'ma Crackshell-Cabrera and Johnny] put their faith in a foolish old man's foolhardy plan. [Scrooge growls while Lunaris shows what happened to the Cloudslayer/Sunchaser] Fear can drive away Della, the one Earther with any knowledge of my people. Fear can even distract the great Scrooge McDuck as I landed this planetary engine! [Scrooge gasps in shock while looking around] Uh, behind you.
Scrooge turns and widens his eyes. From his POV, we see Lunaris' flagship de-cloaking. The camera moves in on the flagship's bridge as we see eight Moonlanders at control panels, and Lunaris sitting on his throne in the center with a wicked smile creeping on his face.
General Lunaris: It's time your pathetic Earth revolved around the Moon! [Shows a holograph of the Earth before forced to encircle the Moon by a rocket engine]
Scrooge McDuck: You'll never get away with this!
General Lunaris: I just did.
Lunaris's flagship cone reveals legs and they clamp down to the sea floor. It causes a wave that sends a pig and several others running away, while debris crushes a car and frightens a duck. The flagship burrows down while Scrooge looks on in horror.
Cut to an island with hills. The rocket that shot the Cloudslayer/Sunchaser down flies over.
Female Moonlander: [Off-camera] No visible sign of life. We're heading back to Duckburg.
At the Cloudslayer/Sunchaser's crash site, Della gets out first, then Webby, then the boys.
Della: Ah, we made it! We're safe!
Huey: And stuck. You'd have to be pretty unlucky to be stranded here.
Della gasps as she hears bushes rustling. A mysterious shadowy figure comes out. The kids gasp as Della tries to defend them. The figure steps out and is revealed to be Donald Duck, scruffy and accompanied by a melon shaped like Mickey wearing his sailor hat. Della and the kids are even more shocked.
Kids: What?!
Della: Donald?
Donald: Della?!
Melon: [Actually Donald's ventriloquism] Hot dog! We've got company! [The first part concludes with the camera blinking out over the Melon]
At the start of the second part while the Moon flies over the Sun, both brother and sister have a moment of silence as they approach each other to be reunited once again after so long. Cut to the kids happily watching both having a touching reunion. Then, the camera focuses on both siblings suddenly losing their tempers and jumping in the air in anger as they shout at each other.
Della & Donald: Where have you been?!
Della: If you were home when I got back, you'd know I was stuck on the moon, which by the way, is invading us!
Donald: I know! I warned you!
Della: [As Dewey approaches to break up the fight] We didn't get a warning!
Dewey: Stop yelling at each other. [Turns to Donald and attacks him. The camera shows Dewey pulling Donald's beard in anger] I could've been named "Turbo"! You owe me 11 years of Turbo!
Della: [Pulling Dewey out of the way] Don't change the subject! Just because I missed you doesn't mean I'm not mad at you!
Donald: I missed you too, ya big dummy!
Realizing how much they really missed each other, Della and Donald finally embrace each other as tears form in their eyes.
Melon: Oh boy, I love a reunion!
Della: Whoa! [backs up] Has the melon been a thing the whole time I've been gone or...?
Huey: No, that's new.
Cut to a shot of the Earth moving around the Moon.
Cut to Duckburg, Lunaris's ship is making the clouds spread apart. The water is now frozen solid. Lunaris watches while a gold rocket touches down. Lunaris then walks away.
Cut to the Duckburg harbor, one of the fishing boats is abandoned. A fish shop is closed down. Outside the Chums restaurant, the Moonlanders have rounded up Mann and Fisher's party of fishers. They do not see Launchpad sneaking around.
Cut to inside the restaurant, Scrooge is with his remaining allies, Manny, Duckworth and Beakley at a table.
Scrooge: Maybe if I- Oh, no, he'll take us out here- [Moves a salt jug with a small hat then moves a pepper jug] Okay, what if I-?
Launchpad: [Bursts in] There you are! I thought we were meeting at Thumbs, not Chums, because I wrote the name of the emergency meeting place, [A shot of Launchpad wiggling his thumbs with "Chums" writing] Chums, on my thumbs. You can understand the mix-up. [A shot of everyone staring blankly at Launchpad' then back to Launchpad] Also, everyone's been captured by Moon guys.
Scrooge: Grrrrr... [Bangs the table it makes the bottles bounce] Blasted tartar sauce!
Launchpad: Uh... Is he okay?
Beakley: He's... strategizing. Everything's fine. Sure, we had an army before and now there's only an elite squad of five.
Duckworth: [Appears holding a suitcase] Four. I've decided you're doomed. My time would be better served preparing your places in the afterlife. Cherrio! [Phases through the restaurant floor]
Beakley: Not reassuring that he went down instead of up.
Scrooge: [Despairing] Well, wherever Della and the kids are, at least their together.
Cut to the island Della and the kids are stranded with Donald on. Huey and Dewey are looking with half-closed eyes in bewilderment while Della simply stares at him.
Melon: [Off-screen] Thank goodness you found us! [A shot of Donald's ventriloquism] After Penumbra helped Donald escape those evil Moonlanders, why, he crash landed on this island.
Donald: [In his regular voice] Where I met my best friend. [Makes the melon kiss the side of his head]
Della: [Excitedly] You met Penny on the Moon? Is she okay? I miss her constantly trying to impale me.
Melon: Uh, we've been having a real good time. Sharing sandwiches, drinking sea water smoothies to drown our sorrows...
Webby: You've been surviving on sea water and sand this whole time?
Donald: But now I'm saved!
Melon: [The kids and Della gather to Donald's side and hug him] You must have been searching for him for months!
Huey: Yes! We totally knew you were missing and not on a cruise.
Dewey: Did we?
Webby: Yes. That's why we're here.
Della: [Over Webby's words] That's what the Melon said.
Melon: I told you your family would never forget about you! Which is why you have to go back, my friend.
Donald: Lunaris is a monster! We gotta go help Uncle Scrooge!
Louie: Now that we found you, we can all fight Lunaris together! [Everyone marches for the broken Cloudslayer/Sunchaser, but Della stops them]
Della: No way. The plan is to keep you as far away from danger as possible. Besides, Scrooge knows exactly what he's doing.
Cut to Scrooge lying his head on the Chums table.
Scrooge: Ugh, I have no idea what I'm doing...! [Swats the pepper can away and it hits Manny] I cannae see how to beat Lunaris. Every plan I come up with, he's one step ahead! [Sets his hat on] I'm afraid there's no sane way to stop him.
Glomgold: [Screeches a drawing board] Screeeeeech! [Everyone turns to who is concealed with the drawing board of Glom blocks and a drawing of a shark] You all know me. Know how I make my living. You don't need a plan; You need... a scheme. A cockamamie one!
Scrooge: [Scrooge's party gives scornful glances] What the blazes are you doing here?
Beakley: Didn't your last scheme backfire so badly you lost your fortune to a child and turned literally every villain in town against you?
Glomgold: [Sets his drawing board down] And I survived, like a Scottish cockroach! [Walks to Scrooge's party mimicking a cockroach] And you can survive too, if you listen to ole Flinty.
Scrooge: [Desperate] Well, we are all out of good ideas.
Scrooge's party gasps in shock while Manny clops "Gasp!"
Glomgold: YES!
Cut back to the deserted island where Della is moving two leaves apart.
Della: Ta-da! Welcome home! [The shot reveals a pitched up tent next to the crashed plane with lockers labeled with the kids' names] We can live here as long as we need. Look, kids. You have your own rooms. [The Louie locker falls down and a crab crawls out. Della turns to see the kids with Donald formulating a plan to escape]
Huey: So let's see, we've got this tree, sand, and water. [Uses the sand to draw a tree and the water] Whole lot of both. How can this get us home?
Dewey: [Raises his hand] Oh! Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh!
Louie: [Holds a hand to his beak] Keeping in mind, Dewey can't surf us to safety because he does not know how to surf.
Dewey: [Points to himself] We don't know that until I try!
Dewey takes a broken plane part for a makeshift surf board, but the waves simply push him back to the island.
Webby: Welcome back!
Della: Who's up for beach volleyball? Melon, I'm looking at you because we're gonna need a ball.
Donald: [Shields the melon] No!
Huey: We don't have time for games. We need to get back to Duckburg.
Della: It's too dangerous. We don't know what's waiting for us back there.
Webby: But the earth needs our help!
Della: Scrooge will handle it.
Louie: And how are we supposed to survive?!
Della: [Desperately] It's fine... Everything's fine... We got a bunch of sand, zero contact with the outside world, a crashed plane we could use as a house, and.. hey! Shoo! [Runs after a crab trying to steal part of the plane] Monster taking my stuff! [Gets her foot snapped by the crab] Aah! Living here is great!
Dewey: No offense, Mom, but we might as well be living on the moon.
Della: [Shocked by her son’s words] What?! [Her eyes turn wild as she laughs hysterically] You must be delirious from hunger! Here, have some delicious Oxy-... Chew... [She quickly comes to her senses when she realizes] Oh, no! No, no, no! This is the Moon all over again! [Kicks the Melon away]
Melon: See you real soooooon! [Splashes into the ocean]
Donald: Noooo!
Della moves her eyes then storms off.
Cut to a projection reading "Operation Glomgold Saves Everyone"
Glomgold: Operation Glomgold Saves Everyone: A Glomgold Industries scheme, [Frustrated] a subsidiary of McDuck Enterprises. [Scrooge tips his hat while Glomgold scoffs then changes the projection to the Sun and Earth with smiling faces and the Moon marked "Stupid Tiny Space Rock"] Things are bad. [Shows Lunaris's flagship on Earth and the Earth showing a scared face] Lunaris is manning a rocket full of lasers in the bay pushing the Earth out of orbit. [Shows a projection of Earth freezing over and Lunaris saying "Nice!"] That's causing the Earth to freeze. [Next projects the Moonlanders forcing prisoners into an Earth Baby Jail] Our army is being held captive. [The prisoners are comic shouting "Help us!!", "We blew it!", "Someone handsome save us!"] But, [Shifts to a projection of Scrooge and Beakley trying to unfreeze Earth and saying "We're trying!!", "But we're bad at it!" while Lunaris crosses his arms] Earth still has its heroes. [Shows a muscular Glomgold flicking Lunaris off who says I'm defeated!"]
The camera cuts to Scrooge, Beakley, Launchpad, and Manny sitting as they watch Glomgold's slideshow with bore and reluctance.
Scrooge: Some bigger than others, I see.
The others begin to snicker at Scrooge's remark while Manny simply shakes his shoulders. Glomgold appears upset and somewhat annoyed.
Flintheart: [While showing the muscular Glomgold hugging the Earth] Sorry, do you not want to survive? [Blinks his eyes childishly]
Scrooge motions his hands above his beak, then Glomgold turns back to his projection.
Beakley: Are we honestly going to trust this maniacal knock-off?
Scrooge: [Whispering] Lunaris has a counter for every one of my plans...! What else are we to do? Surrender and freeze to death?
Glomgold taps his projection button to show Glomgold doing one-hand push-ups.
Beakley: Well, it does seem less painful than this.
Glomgold: [Sternly] This is our last hope, people. If you all blindly follow my plan, we may have a chance. Thanks to my [Close up] ULTIMATE WEAPON! [Laughs heartily]
Cut to outside, Glomgold is holding a shark wearing a winter coat. Scrooge's party is watching somewhat disgusted.
Scrooge: Is that shark wearing a parka?
Glomgold: I call it a Sharka. [Pets the shark] Because Papa doesn't want his precious babies getting sick. No, I don't.
The shark wriggles loose and chases Glomgold.
Scrooge: I'm going to miss being a planet.
The shark chomps while Glomgold screams.
Cut back to the island where Della, Donald and the children are still trapped on. At the Cloudslayer/Sunchaser crash site, Della is humming her lullaby. She sets her drawing of her sons on the wall.
Louie: Hey, Mom.
Della: I drew this back when I had to imagine what you boys looked like.
Louie: I think you really nailed Dewey.
Della: On the moon, all I could think about was being your mom, the adventures, the fun... I wasn't prepared for... all this.
Louie: [Sits down with Della] Look, I hate surprises. I like seeing every angle of a situation so that I can take control of it. But you can't plan for everything. Sometimes, a robot boy uses you as a pinata.
Della: I think I'm losing the thread here.
Louie: But sometimes, the mom you thought you lost comes back. And that's a surprise too; So you deal with the bad surprises because they may lead to a good one.
Della: But what if Lunaris succeeds? What if I lose you again? What if...?
Louie: You know when I'm terrified, which is often, I try to remember this old song. "Face each new sun with eyes clear and true, unafraid of the unknown..."
Della: (Gets up as she holds Louie's face) "Because I'll face it all with you." I wrote that song before I got lost. (Wipes the tears of joy on her eyes) How did you hear it?
Louie: Well, Uncle Donald used to sing it to us when we were little.
Donald: That's true. Every night.
Della: That's a pretty good surprise. Let's go face the unknown together! So, any ideas on how to get back or...?
Voice: Ahoy there!
The camera reveals their cousins: Fethry Duck waving at them and Gladstone Gander carrying the Melon, both riding on Mitzy pulling the Gladyear Blimp as they approach the island.
Huey: (Gasps) Mitzy?
Della: Cousin Gladstone! Cousin Fethry!
Fethry: Della? Donald? Huey? Dewey? Green kid? Girl kid? Airplane? Palm tree?
Gladstone: [Annoyed, shoves the Melon into Fethry's mouth to silence him] Hey, fam'! Want some melon?
Gladstone: Luckily, my blimp was blown clear of the invasion and out to sea. [Takes some bites of the Melon] That's where Fethry and the lovely Mitzy found me [sips some juice from the Melon] and just as I was getting peckish, we saw these melons floating in the ocean, which led us here! Crazy huh? [Bites into the Melon once more] This. Is. Delicious. You want some, Donaldo?
Donald, Della, Huey, and Dewey stare at the half-eaten remains of Donald's melon friend in shock and horror.
Fethry: You guys need a lift?
The camera cuts to both the adults and the kids riding on Mitzy back to Duckburg as she continues pulling the blimp. Each adult strikes a pose, Donald having shaved his long hair and beard, then the camera zooms out to reveal the kids striking the exact same pose as the adults. Dewey turns to his left to see that his pose matches Donald's, wishing it had been Gladstone's instead like with Louie; much to his disappointment and annoyance.
Dewey: Aw, man! Am I the Uncle Donald?!
Cut to the frozen Duckburg harbor waters. A pick axe cuts through a part of the ice. Glomgold is gleefully holding the pick axe. He then walks away and bringsin a wheelbarrow carrying two sharks in parkas.
Glomgold: Go, my babies!
The two sharks and a third shark swim underwater.
Scrooge: Lemme get this straight; The "Sharkas" eat through the tower supports under the ice.
Glomgold: Obviously.
Scrooge: And... Beakley is dressed like this, [Camera shows Beakley in male farmer's clothing] why?
Glomgold: [As Beakley groans] How else would we convince Lunaris that this [Camera shows a giant slingshot and a rock with holes on the deck] giant slingshot is normal-sized? Ever heard of an optical illusion?!
Launchpad: [Pops out of the rock] Ugh, it's gettin' real hot in here. Ooh! [Rolls off the dock platform with a yell landing near Beakley and Manny]
Scrooge: [Pointing out to Beakley] Right, because Lunaris will think she's just a [Beakley slightly tilts the rock] little boy, allowing her to fire Launchpad, who is a rock, up to the tower's control room and shut it down.
Glomgold: [With a view of Lunaris' flagship] Now y'er gettin' it, Scroogey.
Scrooge: And, uh, what's my part in this?
Glomgold: [Holding Scrooge closely] You'll distract Lunaris by pretending to be the one person no one would [Distances himself a little] ever suspect of deceiving him. A man who everyone [Pulls out a clothes hanger with a zipper holder] lets into their home, without question.
Glomgold unzips the covering and Scrooge widens his eyes in shock.
Scrooge: No. No! You're only doing this because you know I'll hate it.
Beakley: Glomgold, you've gone too far!
Launchpad: [Angrily] You animal! The thing he hates the most!
Glomgold: Right; And how many of your plans worked?!
Glomgold shakes the hanger and Scrooge grumbles before relunctantly taking what's inside...
Cut to Lunaris's flagship bridge and Lunaris on his throne.
Lunaris: I can't believe my father feared these Earthers. They're pathetic.
Lunaris: Huh? What the moon devil is this? What are beasts in winter clothing surely it would only wear them down. Preposterous! Is that Scrooge's housekeeper holding a man dressed as a rock? Oh, this is sad, even for Scrooge. Unless... he wants me to think that. An idiotic cover for a secretly brilliant strategy. Oh, what am I not seeing?
Scrooge: Ho, ho, ho, merry invasion.
Lunaris: Scrooge, please. Whatever this "plan" you have is, it's embarassing us both.
Scrooge: Ooh, it's not my plan. [Reading a script] "You have to talk to the greatest, most handsome, tenacious, honest and- noble boy on the tippity-top of the nice list..."
Glomgold: FLINTHEART GLOMGOLD!
Lunaris: I'm sorry, who is this?
Glomgold: [Pointing to Lunaris] Nice try, moon man. Pretending not to know earth's greatest mastermind!
Scrooge: [Reads the script again] "Glomgold, my boy, Santa has a... special present just for you... Takes out present." [Takes out a present from the sleigh and gives it to Glomgold, Glomgold opens the present immediately] "I'm giving you your company back-" Wait, what?! [Throws away the script and forcibly removes his costume] Was this whole thing a scheme for you to get back your company?!
Glomgold: Ha! No take back on Christmas.
Scrooge: IT'S NOT CHRISTMAS!
Glomgold: THEN WHY IS SANTA HERE?!
Scrooge and Glomgold begins to quarrel while Lunaris watches in confusion. He then shoots the present box, stopping Scrooge and Glomgold.
Lunaris: Enough, no more tricks! What is your plan?! is this part of it?!
Scrooge: Bless me bagpipes... Flinty, I think it's working!
Glomgold: Of course it is!
Lunaris: What is working?!
Glomgold gives a hand signal to Beakley in the distance.
Lunaris: What did you just do with your hand?!
Beakley sees the signal. She then slingshots Launchpad who is dressed as a rock into the mothership.
Launchpad: I was a guy this whole tiiiiiiiiiime!
Launchpad lands on one of the control rooms, destroying part of the controls including part of the rocket engine.
Lunaris: What?! No!
Scrooge: You are prepared for our best, but not our dumbest.
Glomgold: And I'm the dumbest there's ever been! AHAHAHA- wait...
Glomgold's sharks successfully weaken one of the ship's supports underwater.
Lunaris: How is this possible?!
Lunaris: I will not be stopped!
Glomgold: Glomgold! Glomgold!
Lunaris: NO! You will live in fear of me!
Lunaris: I am the mighty!
Lunaris: I am the moon! Greatest of the planet-
Glomgold jumps on Lunaris and grabs him by the neck.
Glomgold: The moon's not a planet.
STOP! SAYING! THAT! [Throws Glomgold away]
Lunaris: Any last words?
Scrooge: Hi, kids.
All in unison: Hi, Uncle Scrooge!
Lunaris: None of this makes any sense!
Lunaris: No, no!
Fethry: Pull, Mitzi, pull!
Gladstone: Looks like we're outta luck.
Gladstone drops a slice of melon, which is caught by nearby seagulls, but dropped again in front of Launchpad. This leads the seagulls to attack Launchpad and cause him to unknowingly pull a lever that releases the support Mitzy was trying to pull, as he then falls out of the ship before it begins tumbling over.
Lunaris: No, no, my plan is flawless!
Taking advantage of its still active thruster, Mitzy catches the falling craft and aims it back towards the moon.
Scrooge: About time you came home! I hope you had a relaxing vacation while the rest of use were defending the planet,
Scrooge: Oh, was he not on a cruise then?
Lunaris: If the earthers won't live in fear of the moon, then they'll die in fear of it!
Glomgold: So... you guys got it from here, right?
Lunaris: After I blow up the earth, then you won't be a planet! Hahahaha!
Palus: He wouldn't blow us up, right?
Gibbous: Sorry, he's going to blow up who now?
Zenith: Wait, are we the bad guys?
Della: Don't I owe you kids a trip to space?
Lunaris: What? Who would dare?!
Donald: Look out out! [Donald grabs one of the controls and moves the ship away from the lasers]
Scrooge: All right, we have to take out that engine before it hits earth!
Della: Yes, sir!
Della: But I can't get near that engine while his laser turrets are on.
Scrooge: Kids, knock out those lasers!
Louie: Huey, you aim, I'll fire.
Webby: Yeah!
Donald: Move! This is a ship, I am a sailor!
Della: This is a rocket ship, genius! I'm a pilot!
Scrooge: Oh, bless me bagpipes, have I missed this.
Louie: Up! Up! Up! up! Up! Up!
Dewey: Pew, pew, pew, pew!
Webby: DEWEY! Give me your turn! [Switches side with Dewey] Pew, pew, pew!
Scrooge: One more run and we can knock out that engine!
Lunaris: Ah, there's that indomitable eart spirit. Can't wait to crash it like I'll crash YOUR PLANET! Ahaha!
Lunaris: There's no escape this time!
Louie: What are you doing?!
Della: I can't find an angle out!
Lunaris: Farewell, Della Duck.
Lunaris: Penumbra?!
Penumbra: Hello, General.
Penumbra: ...Hiiiiii, roomie!
Della: Penny! Didn't see that one coming! Anyway, this is my family! You know Donald?
Penumbra: Let me in!
Della: Oh, right.
Lunaris: No! I will not be defeated. I planned for every eventuality. Backup engine, activate... [He presses a button, nothing happens. He presses it a couple more times, but it doesn't do anything] I said activate, that's an order! Why don't you- What the...?
Selene: Hey, Selene here, Goddes of the Moon, probably heard of me. So, my brother, Storkules, is setting the Earth back into orbit as we speak. Bad news, your ship is stuck orbiting the Earth!
Lunaris: Oh no, not that... Not-!
Selene: But, good news. Congratulations, you're the Earth's newest moon!
Lunaris: AW, PHOEEEEY!
Launchpad: So, um, cool crash. I don't suppose you'd like to grab a coffee or something.
Penumbra: I can destroy you easily.
Launchpad: So, yes?
Glomgold: I did it! I defeated Scrooge McDuck!
Scrooge: WE WERE ON THE SAME TEAM!
Louie: Well, we survived that. So what do we do now?
Della: I don't know, but we'll do it together.
[As everyone celebrates, the screen pulls back and reveals a big screen]
Voice: This has gone too far. The Ducks almost cost us the world today. And without the world, who would we larceny against?
Bradford: The pieces are finally in place. Time had to come out of the shadows, take control, and end Clan McDuck.
Bradford: If the McDuck family wants an adventure, we'll give them their last.