The episode commences with a shot of McDuck Manor on the hilltop. Camera goes downward to show Della waiting outside the gates. Camera cuts to Della's frontal and she exhales while in the background, the Spear of Selene is flying away with smoke trailing below it. Della attempts to jump the gate but hits it and slides down slowly.
Della: Dumb earth gravity...! [Della climbs back up.] Won't. Keep. Me. From...
Cut to Della with her hand about to knock on the front door.
Della: The kids.
Della hesitates to knock but turns away with a nervous look on her face.
Della: Okay, first impression is the only impression. You gotta nail this. [Turns to the door with a sad-happy look.] Greetings, children! [Della groans. She next shows a hunching position and waves her left hand.] Hellooooo! [Sighs. Then she pops out from a flower pot] Oh, hey, didn't see you there. [Groans again and walks to the door again] Simple, sincere. It's just the most important moment of your life.
Inside the mansion, Scrooge's lower side shown leads the children who are packing their things; Huey packs a water canteen, Dewey tests a flashlight, Louie is carrying a pillow, and Webby is carrying her grappling hook. Scrooge laughs while presenting a glowing bird feather.
Scrooge: Behold: The Cartographer's Quill! [Motions the quill so the kids see their reflections.] A mystical artifact that sketches maps leading to the world's greatest treasures. [The quill marks something on the map. Scrooge then shows the marks map to the kids who are exclaiming.] Imagine; All the money [Louie snickers.] Daring adventure...
Dewey: [Swings his left fist up] Yeah!
Scrooge: Infinite wisdom.
Huey: [Sets his hands on his backpack] Mm.
Scrooge: And untold mystery in the world literally at your fingertips!
Webby: [Swings her arms with excitement] Ooh, you had me at quill!
Scrooge: [Spreading and swinging his left forearm and spreading them.] This could be the most important moment of our adventuring lives!
Scrooge opens the door and who should they find at the front porch, but Della Duck practicing her greetings!
Della: 'Sup, party people! [Louie widens his eyes as if seeing a ghost while Della raises her arms in excitement.] I'm back in the hizou- [Della stops her excitement] Oh, no. [Puts her hand to her face in embarrassment] Knew it was wrong as soon as I said it. [Waves her hand aside] Sorry, that was terrible. Can I get a do-over?
Scrooge looks at Della for the first time in years, as if tears about to fall from his eyes.
Della: [Waving to Scrooge] Hi, Uncle Scrooge.
Scrooge drops the quill and it shatters at their feet.
(theme song plays)
Della: Uh...
Before she could respond, Della gasps while Scrooge happily embraces his niece. Scrooge swings her around while laughing happily and sets her down.
Scrooge: IT'S YOU! IT'S REALLY YOU! [Scrooge hugs her again] OH, I CANNAE BELIEVE IT! [Scrooge steps back] Oh, look at ya'! Oh, standing here! Oh-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho, I thought you were-
Della: [Cuts Scrooge off] Dead? Not yet!
Scrooge: Where?
Della: The Moon!
Scrooge: [Worried] But on the Moon? [Cross] I searched the Moon!
Della: Not hard enough! There were mites and aliens and I had to rebuild the spear with my tooth!
Scrooge: Don't raise your voice at me, you rapacious rocketeer!
Della: [Laughing] I missed your Scroogeian alliteration.
As Scrooge looks at Della's prosthetic leg with a look of worry.
Della: Lost it in the crash...
Scrooge looks up to Della, but then smiles at her metal leg.
Scrooge: Out of rocket parts! Brilliant! Leg or no, you're every bit the woman you're were 10 years ago.
Della: [Getting through] Out of my way, old man. [Della looks inside] Where are my... [Gasps]
The kids glare at Della who is about to drop tears from her eyes.
Dewey: Who's the cyborg?
Huey: Is that?
Louie: It can't be.
Webby: Guys, I think that's your mom.
Della and Scrooge walk up with the former dropping to her knees with tears beginning to fall.
Scrooge: Huey, Dewey, Louie... meet Della Duck.
Dewey: [Jumps out from his portion] Oh! I'm part robot. I knew it!
Dewey runs up to Della and embraces his mother for the first time ever. The two exchange sad-happy glances. But then...
Della: [Looks perplexed] Wait, Huey, Dewey, and Louie? No, no, no...their names were supposed to be Jet, Turbo, and Rebel.
Dewey: I could have been Turbo?
Della: I told Donald. I wrote it down in case no one could understand him.
Dewey: I could have been Turbo?!
Huey: Hi, Huey slash Jet here. How did you survive in a barren wasteland? Have you adjusted to our gravity? Did you make any customized modifications to your leg?
Della: Sheer determination to get back to you, kinda, and no because as Junior Woodchuck Rule 42 states...
Both: Build things right the first time and they won't need modification.
Huey: [Gasping with joy] You really are my mom!
Dewey: Get in here, Rebel!
Louie: Nope. I'm not buying. This has to be a trick or a curse from Magica or a parallel universe or... or...
Louie is unable to stop crying, while Della walks up to him with open arms before dropping to her knees.
Louie: [Wiping his tears and hugs Della] Mom!
Della: Mm-hm.
Della and her sons have a group hug. Cut to Webby who is crying.
Webby: My heart! [Clutches her chest] It's too full!
Webby makes another crying noise. Cut to the dining table. Over Della's munching noises, there is loads of food set on the table; Mashed potatoes, a small pea, some muffins on Della's end. And between the boys and Scrooge: Asparaguses, a pear, an apple, a set of grapes, another muffins, swiss cheese, and some bologna. Della takes a bite of her cupcake, then her mashed potatoes, then two more muffins.
Dewey: [Glancing with bubbly eyes] Wow, she is amazing!
Someone moves to take one of Della's plates, but she gets the pea and swallows it.
Della: And... NOW I'm done. Thanks... [Gasps while the camera moves to show Mrs. Beakley] Agent 22?! You're the housekeeper now? [Looks around] Where's Duckworth?
Beakley: He's moved on. [Moves to take the plates to be washed but stops for a moment] Though sadly not far enough.
Duckworth phases into the dining table and spreads his hands.
Duckworth: The underworld has fewer cobwebs to tend to.
Beakley hurls a plate at her predecessor, but it goes right through and shatters against the wall. Duckworth moves his eyes, then bows and leaves. Cut back to Scrooge and Della.
Scrooge: You've been gone awhile, lass. A lot has changed.
Dewey stands on the table.
Dewey: Is it true that parents pick favorites? Which one of us is yours?
Huey comes up next.
Huey: Did you suffer any side effects from the cosmic storm? [Raises three fingers] Ooh, how many fingers am I holding up?
Louie moves to Della's chair side.
Louie: Wait, are you moving in?
Dewey: Back to favorites, it's old Turbo, right?
Webby: [Pushes the boys aside] I'm Webby!
Scrooge: [Helping the kids off the table] All right, that's enough for today, your mum must be tired after conquering the moon. [laughing] Let her rest.
Della: [Slightly rises from her seat] Who can rest when there's so much lost time to make up for? [gets up and hugs the triplets] I've got my boys.
Della ruffles Louie's hair and it stands straight up like Dewey's. Dewey gives a thumbs up and Louie groans, but Louie lowers his hair again.
Della: My brother... Wait, where's Donald?
Webby: He's off on a relaxing remote vacation.
Cut to Donald in the Spear of Selene's cockpit babbling and quack-shrieking while the rocket leaves the Earth's atmosphere for the second time. Then back to the dining hall.
Della: Oh, instead of welcoming back his sister, must be nice. [to her sons] Boys, [crouches down] I don't know what to say except I'm so sorry for ever stepping foot on that rocket, I never meant to leave you [A shot of the boys with Dewey about to cry] or miss your first steps or potty-training.... [She gives an innocent look] Wait, you are potty-trained, right?
Huey and Louie nod yes silently while Dewey gives a kinda-hand signal.
Della: What I'm trying to say is... for a decade, I fought every day to get back to this family [Puts both of her hands to her chest] and I will fight every day to be a part of it, if you'll have me? [Della holds out her right hand]
Louie: But I...
Dewey: [Takes Della's hand] Of course, we're a family again.
Huey follows suit and Dewey gets the reluctant Louie's hand on Della's.
Della: I missed you so much. You deserve to have the best mom and I'm going to be the best mom, starting right now. WHO WANTS CAKE?
Huey, Dewey, and Webby: Yeah! Woo-hoo!
Della: To the kitchen! [starts running in one direction, but turns around] Which is apparently over here now! Did you remodel?
In the kitchen, Della marks her apron "Moon's Best Mom" and puts it on. She preheats the oven to 350 degrees. Della pours flour into a bowl and gets some on her face. Della beats the bowl causing it to overfill. Next, Della uses one of her feet to pour the batter into another while reading a cook book. We next get a timer resembling Scrooge's hat ringing. Della gets her cake out of the oven oblivious to the smoke alarms going off and the fire from the oven. She kicks the oven shut with her metal leg, and chuckles while applying candles, then uses the oven's fire to light the candles.
Della: Perfect!
As soon as Della walks away, a worried Beakley pulls out a fire extinguisher. Cut back to the dining table, Della is placing three cakes on a plate to her kids: One has white and blue icing with a party hat and hearts, the second has a soft appearance, and the last has a tree-like candle and a pirate eyepatch around it.
Della: Congratulations Birthday Valentine, Merry Flag Day Just Because, Happy International Talk Like A Pirate Arrrr-bor Day!
From the boys' end, Webby is getting a photo of them and their cakes.
Della: I missed so many life achievements and holidays, I'm gonna make up for them all tonight!
Huey and Dewey blow the candles on top of their cakes.
Della: I didn't know what dessert was your favorite, so I made all of them!
Dewey: My favorite dessert is all of them! Good instincts, Mom.
Dewey picks up a fork and starts eating his cake with excitement.
Huey: Well, I don't normally have night-time sugars, but since this is all the special occasions.
Huey picks up a fork and takes a bite. Then, his eyes begin to widen as he becomes overjoyed.
Huey: You made flan?
Della: Because I'm a "flan"-tastic mom.
Dewey: [Laughing] Oh my gosh, our mom is hilarious!
Louie pokes his cake while Huey continues tapping on the table with his eyes still widened until Della removes the tray. Cut back to Della taking out and holding a surprise behind her back.
Della: Now, it is my honor to present you with a true "Della-cacy".
Dewey: How does she "Dewey" it?
Louie: Oh boy, now there's two of them...
Della presents them with another cake she made but with fireworks planted on top instead.
Della: Behold: my classic firework cake! It's like a regular cake, but it's loaded with fizzy rocks!
Dewey: I haven't seen these in forever!
Webby: That's because after all the lawsuits, the government claimed they were unsafe to eat.
Dewey brings the plate closer to him and picks up two forks to eat with.
Dewey: That sounds like a challenge.
Webby: Again, it's incredibly unsafe.
Huey: Yeah, do it! Do it! Do it!
Louie: Every time.
Dewey takes a bite out of the cake.
Dewey: Mom, look! I'm shifting into Turbo!
Dewey continues chewing until his cheeks swell up and a stream of fizz bursts out of his mouth and forces him to the ground as Della is startled in shock over this.
Dewey: [Fizz continues to come out of his mouth] Best mother eve...
Louie backs away in fear and Huey laughs with joy while trampling and playing with the fizz like snow.
Della: This is... going so well.
Cut to the triplets' sleeping quarters. Della enters cradling Dewey who is still feeling rumbling symptoms in his stomach.
Della: It's gonna be okay.
Dewey: My insides are on fire, [Groans] with love for my mom...!
Della also groans and sets Dewey down on the bed.
Della: Hey, I know what'll make that belly feel better; A bedtime story! Because a good mom knows how to sooth her sick kid. Ever heard the one about "The Princess and the Peacock"?
Louie: [Walks in] Uh, yeah. A long time ago, I think.
Huey walks in next. Cut to Della's face who's widened her eyes.
Della: Oh... right. Of course, guess it's a little baby-ish.
Louie: Oh, no, but um-
Huey: You're NEVER too old for a fairytale!
Della: [Shakes her head] No, Rebel- I mean, Louie is right. You're all grown-up right now. You're ready for a real-life grown-up story. Starring yours truly!
Huey and Louie: Yeah!
Dewey simply burps before Louie sits on the bed on his frontal between Dewey and Huey. Della takes out a chair and sits on it in reverse.
Della: The place: El Dorado, The time: When I was your age. The legend: The horror known as the Gilded Man. [Della picks up Dewey's mecha duck robot toy] The Aztec android was meant to protect the people, [Della shows a somewhat sinister look] but he blew a fuse and mangled them instead. [Makes the toy roar] Metal gnawed through flesh, leaving a trail of bodies until the gold city was stained blood red. I grabbed a wrench, [Walks to the desk and grabs a marble] crawled inside the gold-minted monster, hacked away at his clockwork innards, [Sets the marble inside and shakes the toy] tearing him apart from the inside, [Slams the toy down] piece-by-piece with reckless abandon! Wham! [Della jumps off the chair and elbow slams the toy like a wrestler, then gets up] He let out a ghastly rusted shriek! [Roars while Huey and Dewey are shock, though Louie is enjoying the details] Until, finally, his gory gears turned their last. Some say that was a death knell. [Shows the mecha toy's head] Others say it was a promise; To rebuild and seek vengeance on the one who defeated him and her family! [Drops her sinister tone to a regular tone] Pretty sure we stuffed him in the garage. [Happily] Well, goodnight!
Della leaves tossing the toy's head to her sons.
Huey: Maybe we should leave the lights on. You know, just in case.
Dewey kicks the toy's head off the bed and the triplets suddenly get scared as their eyes widen in fear when they hear a ghastly shriek; thinking it's the Gilded Man from their mother's story. Cut to the triplets later at night with their eyes still widened and arming themselves with different things (Dewey: a dart gun, Louie: a baseball bat, and Huey: a flashlight and a Swiss army knife) until morning.
Cut to Della's hand shown sounding off a horn. Then, cut to the triplets waking up in shock and surprise from the loud noise it omits and falling on the ground. They get up to find their mother having cut her hair shorter and changed her clothes; replacing her old torn-out ones.
Della: Good morning, my sleepy sunshines!
Cut to Della's hand shown sounding off the horn again. Then, cut to Della fully seen on the staircase, still using her horn as her boys join her until she stops.
Della: Can you believe Scrooge didn't want me to have these?
Huey: [shouting] What?
Della: I know, right? [Throws the horn aside, climbs up a suit of armor, and takes out another horn] Thankfully, I hid a whole case in my old secret stash, customized them just for you.
The scene cuts to Della's hand shown carrying another horn with words: "Mom's Return Celebration Horn" written on it along with a Duck Horn next to it. Then, cut to Della seen throwing the horn to her boys for them to catch.
Della: Heads up!
Dewey catches one horn, Huey hits another horn heading his way, which hits Louie's face, and another horn lands on Louie's head.
Della: First order of business, shredding the gnar, because a good mom knows how to spice up the ordinary. [Della takes out a shield from the suit of armor.]
Dewey uses his horn pointed directly at Huey's ear, which surprises him and annoys Louie at the same time.
Della: Observe. Woo-oo!
Soon enough, Della rides the shield on the stair railing like a skateboard, then along the rug.
Dewey: She is the best person alive!
Della walks back up with the shield: Della: So, who wants to go first?
Dewey wants to try it out while jumping up and down excitedly, but his stomach gurgles and is about regurgitate again.
Della: [Walking towards Dewey] Maybe sit this round out, Turbo. [to Huey] Jet? Uh, I mean, Huey. Sorry, I'll get it. [to herself] Huey has a hat, and the hue is red.
Huey: [Out loud and finger raised after getting into safety gears] Junior Woodchuck Rule 84...
Della: Safety doesn't happen by accident!
Della makes sure Huey's helmet is secure. Cut to Huey on the railing trying to balance himself on the shield. Della is giving him instructions.
Huey: So, the first jump is at a 20 degree angle, then you kick flip...
Huey's POV shows Della trying to give him the instructions over his loud ringing but her speech is garbled. Dewey gives him two thumbs-up while Louie waves at him. Huey stares at the bottom.
Della: If you do that last part exactly right, you won't die. Ready?
Huey: Uh-huh...
Louie: [Walks down some steps] Oh, this oughta be rich.
Louie pulls out his phone, and Huey almost pulls Della's stunt, but slides off course and begins chasing Louie yelling in a panic.
Louie: Ah, don't make me run!
Huey and Louie ride the shield and Della cheers, but they fly off when the shield hits the carpet. The shield ricochets off the chandelier, then a bowl of apples and gems and a blank portrait, then nearly hits Beakley in the living room who catches it. Beakley grunts with a suspicious and annoyed stare.
Huey: [Rides Louie's shoulder all dizzy]I flew too close to the Sun! [Huey then jumps off when Della and Dewey come to them]
Della: You did great and I bet you'll scream way less next time.
A displeased Beakley comes in and shows the shield Huey and Della were riding on earlier.
Mrs. Beakley: Whose is this?
Della: Oh... [Holds her left hand on her right arm] well, that's my...
Dewey: [Cuts off Della] Son's shield.
Huey: SONS' shield! Plural possessive because it's all of ours! We three share the blame!
Della's party looks to Louie. Huey nudges Louie on his arm to speak out as well in their mother's defense.
Louie: Triplets, am I right?
The chandelier drops hard to the ground, jump-startling Della's side. Huey jumps into Louie's arms, then off again. Beakley sighs and moves to pick the broken chandelier up: Della: Here, Mrs. B, let us help you.
Dewey: I'll go get the broom. [Stomach gurgles] And the bucket.
Della tries to help lift the chandelier, but the housekeeper lifts it onto her right shoulder with no effort.
Mrs. Beakley: Boys, to your rooms. [to Della after the boys march out] I'll handle this. After all I'm used to cleaning up after children, dear.
Della and Beakley leave in different directions as Della holds her left hand on her right arm again in shame and embarrassment. Cut to the swimming pool where Donald's houseboat is still stationed even in his absence. Della walks to the houseboat. Inside, there are portraits on Donald's wall, such as one of Huey with his book, Dewey's arms spread out, and Louie drinking his pep drink. Della puts a hand on a picture of Donald resting on the three yet to be hatched eggs. Della next looks at a picture of Donald keeping his nephews warm during a long winter with a "Blizzard Tonight" newspaper. Della then glances at Donald's copy of the picture of herself, Donald, Scrooge, and the eggs. Della sets her slightly poor drawing of the triplets on the picture.
Della: [sad-happily] You did a great job, Donald. You earned that vacation.
Cut to space, the out of control Spear of Selene spins wildly while Donald is in the cockpit quack-screaming with tears spraying out of his eyes, and then, for the second time, the rocket crashes onto the Moon.
Della: [Still looking at the picture's on Donald's houseboat wall] I'll take it from here; Me, and the boys, and Scrooge, and... [Spots a picture of Launchpad happily thumbings up with the crashed Sunchaser in the background and Donald running around on fire, with Della contempting towards Launchpad in the photo] Who is this?!
Launchpad: Hey! [Della turns unhappily towards Launchpad walking in] Thought I'd come over to introduce myself, I'm Launchpad, I'm a pilot.
Della: [Points at Launchpad angrily] Uh-uh, No way, buddy! [Grabs Launchpad's jacket] I know I was gone for a while, but I will NOT be replaced! Where's Scrooge?! [Storms out and raises her arms] Nothing can stop Della Duck!
Launchpad: [Looks nervous then happily] Nice to meet you!
Cut to the mansion. Della marches angrily to confront Scrooge until she hears Mrs. Beakley's voice in the dining room and turns to eavesdrop on the conversation.
Mrs. Beakley: I'm sorry, Mr. McDuck, but I think Della is struggling to adjust to this new life.
Scrooge: Come now, Beakley, she's only just arrived.
Dewey: So, she's not the best with cooking or age-appropriate stories or child endangerment, but nobody's perfect.
Huey: [Shouting] She's trying and that's what matters, Junior Woodchuck Rule 3, no matter how hard things get never give up on a fellow woodchuck! [Talking normally] Sorry, I still can't hear that great, also... [Shouting again] She's our mom! [Della smiles after hearing most of her sons standing up for her despite the results of her recent actions and relationship with her kids, then Huey turns to Louie] Right, Louie?
Dewey: Right?
Louie: Well...
Della and the other kids including Webby gasp in shock when they notice that Louie has different thoughts about his own mother.
Louie: Hey look, don't get me wrong! Of course I'm happy to have mom back...
Dewey: But?
Louie: But, I don't know.... It's probably my fault. I've gotten so long without a mom, I guess I don't really know how to have one, I...
Scrooge: That's because she's not a mom.
Having heard this painful statement from Scrooge, Della becomes even more shocked, heartbroken, and depressed as she runs away while crying and putting her left arm against her tearful eyes. Then, cut back to Scrooge in the dining room.
Scrooge: Not yet anyway. She's been gone for so long, you've got to give her time to figure out who she is and how she fits into this family.
Cut to Della, depressed, enters the garage until she reaches the infamous but deactivated Gilded Man she fought years ago.
Della: I was gone for a decade and everyone was fine. I'm home for ten hours and now, my kids are all sick, injured, and terrified. I miss fighting monsters. You guys make it easy to know what to do... I fought you, Gilded Man and Moon mites and the abyss of space and every last odd to get back to my kids and... I'm blowing it... Who do I have to fight to be a part of this family?!
With one kick out of anger on the Gilded Man, the android suddenly reactivates and prepares to fight as it seeks revenge on Della and her family for its defeat years ago while roaring at Della.
Della: Aw phooey.
The Gilded Man gets closer as Della backs away from it.
Della: Hey, listen, so, I know you're all about seeking revenge against the entire family of the person who destroyed you, but any chance you'd seek a truce instead?
The Gilded Man smashes a crate, then, grabs a hat/coat hanger and throws it towards Della, but Della dodges it just in time.
Della: Fine, you want a fight? You got one! [Della cracks her fingers as she gets ready to fight]
Della grabs an umbrella with a bird-effigy at the end and runs through the Gilded Man's wild punches. She then thrusts the umbrella into the android's leg and steps back with a laugh.
Della: Oh, this is it! I'm good at this! I'll beat you, save the family, and prove my worth! NOTHING CAN STOP DELLA DUCK!
Scrooge: [Calls out when Della is surprised and camera moves to show Scrooge angry at the indoor entrance to his garage] What in Dismal Downs is going on in here?! [While the Gilded Man moves to get the umbrella out of its leg] I really need to start lockin' this door.
The Gilded Man gets the umbrella out and crushes it with its foot. Cut to a determined Della with Scrooge.
Della: Don't worry, Uncle Scrooge! I've got everything under control! Ah!
Della dodges another swipe from the golden android and it crawls after her yet again. Della checks a treasure for possible weapons. All she finds are just useless books.
Della: What's with all the old junk?! Where's the Daeus Excalibur, or the Ferryman's Flame, or...?
Scrooge: We kinda, sorta used that stuff already.
Della groans and tries again to dig for weapons while the Gilded Man gets closer to her until Scrooge gets its attention.
Scrooge: Come on, [The Gilded Man turns its attention] you golden-geared gargantuan!
The Gilded Man simply takes the cane and snaps it like a twig. It then takes a wooden Greek-style boat while Della opens a cardboard box to check for weapons. She moves a garden hose aside and knocks over a pickax, sending a bouncing ball towards a crossbow. It fires its arrow and ricochets off a knight armor's head gear, then a hanging light, then loosens a Pteranodon skeleton that crashes down onto a car and sets off its alarm. The Gilded Man prepares to swing its boat weapon when the alarms makes it screech violently in pain. The boat falls to the ground and Scrooge scurries Della to a hiding spot behind a smiling sun emblem. Della peeks to see the android's pained condition, then goes back to Scrooge.
Della: Okay, here's the plan: I'll stall him, you go get the kids so they can see me save them from this monster and prove I'm a good mom!
Scrooge: [Cuts off his car's alarm] What idiot said you weren't a good mom?
Della: You, like [Actually shows four fingers] five minutes ago.
Scrooge: Oh... Lass, you've only been here for a day. You cannae force a relationship with your kids just through monster fighting!
Della: You're right. We should probably go treasure hunting too.
The Gilded Man moves the emblem, forcing Scrooge and Della to flee out of the garage to the yards. The outer garage door is broken off and the android comes out. It starts to stand straight while its gears make its crystal core glow brightly. Its torso and arms are extended and the Gilded Man continues chasing the old generation who had bested it years ago.
Cut to the dining hall, a water glass shakes slightly and from the winder, the Gilded Man marches by menacingly. The kids and Beakley gasp in horror while Dewey groans still from the dessert earlier and walks away as he is about to regurgitate again.
Cut to the outer yard, Scrooge and Della run while the Gilded Man continues chasing them. Beakley and kids also come out shocked.
Huey: [Screams in horror] Our nightmares are real!
The Gilded Man chases Della and Scrooge through the gardens of the manor. It then reaches a sword embedded in a stone pedestal resembling the Sword in the Stone. Scrooge and Della turn waiting for the inevitable, but the robot cannot exactly free the sword.
Beakley: [Calls out] Ha! [The Gilded Man turns to see Mrs. Beakley defiantly standing] Only the one true King of England can wield that sword! [But the Gilded Man swings the sword and its pedestal loose from the ground. Beakley is frightened.] Oh, no.
The Gilded Man swings the pedestal at Beakley, sending her rolling along the ground until she is unconscious then, turns back to Scrooge and Della. The kids rush to Beakley's side.
Webby: Granny! [Acts determined] You just knocked out the wrong old lady!
The Gilded Man tries to strike Della and Scrooge with the sword in its pedestal but misses. The robot tries again until Webby uses her grappling hook to snatch the sword away from it after tying one end of the rope to a statue. Then, Webby proceeds to attack the robot as the triplets approach the scene.
Dewey: Mom?!
Della: Hi kids! I'm saving you!
Scrooge fails to stop Della as she runs straight towards the Gilded Man and climbs on it from behind.
Della: Time to take this robotic recluse down from the inside: Having reached the top of the Gilded Man on its left shoulder, Della jumps inside to defeat it from the inside like she did last time when she was younger, but ends up stuck instead.
Della: Aw, come on! [struggles] Why isn't this working? it worked before.
Scrooge: That was ages ago! You've grown, thing's are different now!
The Gilded Man attempts to stomp on Scrooge and punch him, but then, it grabs Scrooge and Webby, trying in vain to pull the sword from the stone. The android then squeezes them tightly; making the two gasp for air and their bones about to be crushed. Luckily, Dewey activates his air horn, forcing the android to release Scrooge and Webby and cover its ears in pain. Della discovers its weakness. Dewey stops momentarily.
Dewey: Hey, it worked!
The Gilded Man then turns its attention to the triplets, which forces them to run away screaming in horror.
Della: [Gasping] It hates noise!
Louie: I got a really loud idea. [to Huey] Huey, get some tape!
Each triplet runs off in multiple directions, confusing the giant robot. Huey reaches Donald's tool box on his houseboat and gets some duct tape. He throws the tape to Louie who sets the three air horns and tapes them together. He throws the connected horns to Dewey just as the Gilded Man closes in.
Dewey: [Catching the connected air horns like a football] Mom, catch!
Dewey throws the horns to Della who sets them inside. The Gilded Man shakes and with a determined look, Della sets her prosthetic leg on the horns, causing a loud sound to ring out. The Gilded Man cries in agony while its gears break loose and its crystal core ruptures. The android moves back and stands straight, covering its ears as its left eye is about to shatter. Broken machinery drops onto Della's prosthetic leg. Scrooge and Webby watch in shock while the robot's right arm falls off and tries to walk.
Louie: [Gasping]
Della: Louie! Look out!
Della struggles to get out, but her prosthetic foot is still stuck from the falling robot gear debris, so, she disables her prosthetic leg from her amputated leg and jumps out and down to save Louie just in time before getting crushed to death by the falling Gilded Man as they roll away. Though safe, the Gilded Man attempts one last strike to crush both Della and Louie with its only left arm and it supposedly gets them as smoke appears from the crash. Scrooge and the other kids are shocked after witnessing this possible horrifying event. The Gilded Man powers down quite dead. After the smoke clears out, Della and Louie are revealed to have survived. Louie looks at his mother with tears coming out of his eyes as she tearfully smiles at him. Touched by his mother's brave effort and sacrificial attempt to save him from certain death, Louie gratefully hugs her.
Louie: Thanks, Mom.
Touched by her son's gratitude and approval, Della hugs Louie back. Glad to see that everyone's okay, Huey and Dewey run to check on their mother as Louie helps her out of the debris.
Della: Hey, guys.
Huey and Dewey hug their mother. Cut to Webby helping her granny up then, Scrooge approaches the group and picks up Della's prosthetic leg. Della ruffles Dewey's hair until Webby and Beakley enter the scene.
Webby: How did you get free?!
Scrooge: Good parenting is about coping with change and adapting to unforeseen challenges. She adapted. One day in and you're learning already.
Scrooge gives Della her prosthetic leg back and she puts it back on herself while adjusting to it properly again and turns to her kids.
Della: Huey, Dewey, Louie, I know you're not used to having a mom and I am not used to being one, but I'll figure it out as we go along in time.
Louie: We all will.
Della hugs her kids again and stands straight to addresss the whole group.
Della: So, what do you guys want to do?
Huey: [Hopping happily] Go find a treasure!
Webby: Discover a hidden temple!
Dewey: Anything, everything!
Della: Well, let's get started!
Everyone cheers then, Della chuckles.
Della: Man, Donald sure is missing out on some quality family bonding.
Cut to the Moon. Donald slightly rises quack-screaming while clutching his throat since he is losing oxygen fast. The situation has obviously not fared better for him. He frantically digs his hands clearing some debris and finds Gyro's Oxy-Chew like Della before him. He takes the packet and downs a lot of black licorice gum and chews on it. With his cheek bulging, he exhales; having gained some oxygen. But then, Donald finds himself staring down two laser pistols and raises his hands in surrender innocently.
Donald: I come in peace?
Two aliens, Gibbous and Zenith hold him at laserpoint momentarily.
Gibbous: I'm sorry, what?
Zenith: I literally have no idea what he said.
Suddenly, from a distance, a shot of another alien's foot appears before them. It is revealed to be General Lunaris.
General Lunaris: Seize him.
The episode ends with a shot of General Lunaris, Gibbous, and Zenith surrounding Donald as the camera zooms away.