The episode opens to a shot of McDuck Manor outside. Cut to inside the foyer as Huey marches inside with Donald carrying camera equipment.
Huey: Matching outfits, check. Professional photographer, hired. A million dollar smile... [Donald shows off his smile] Big check! Nothing's gonna keep us from taking our best family portrait ever.
Dewey drops in, dancing up to Huey.
Dewey: Oh, Huuuuubeeeeerrt!
Huey: (sigh) Unexpected complication, check. (Audience laughs)
Dewey: Guess who's got big plans for this year's family portrait? (beat) It's me! [Audience cheers]
Huey: Nope. All Uncle Donald wants [Shows a photo of Della and her sons making silly faces, then a photo of Scrooge and Donald bickering] is a normal family photo for once. [Shows a photo of Donald and his nephews frightened by a giant bear]
Dewey: That bear was pretty cool once you got to know him.
Huey: Everything's has to be perfect, so... no shenanigans this time.
Dewey: I'll try. But I've shenani-once, I'll shenan-again. Zing, double-entendre. (audience laughs and cheers)
Scrooge, Louie, and Della walks in.
Scrooge: For the last time, you cannot charge people money to watch Della jump off the roof.
Della: But I used to jump off the roof all the time on the moon. (Audience laughs)
Scrooge: Where there was no gravity! (Audience laughs)
Louie: The more dangerous it is, the more money we can charge.
Scrooge tries to explain it, but then to starts to have second thoughts. Audience laughs.
Scrooge: Hmmm... Still no.
Huey: Uncle Scrooge. Is your office ready for the family picture? We've got about... 30 minutes.
Della: Of course it is. You asked him to do it weeks ago. He would never break a promise to his family.
Scrooge: Exactly. Now if you'll excuse us, we have to do something entirely unrelated.
Scrooge uses his cane to pull Louie and Della as they leave awkwardly. Audience laughs.
Louie: Oh boy. So, are we backing out awkwardly to pull a scheme?
Mrs. Beakley and Webby drops in. Crowd cheers.
Huey: Ready for the photo, Mrs. B?
Beakley: I'm ready for anything. There's been troubling reports of a dangerous criminal agent breaking into houses in the area. Keep an eye out.
Webby: Good thing we have our own professional spy in the house.
Beakley: Webby, I'm not a spy. (Audience cheers)
Donald tries to get a hold of camera equipment, as Mrs. Beakley catches a bulb with her leg.
Beakley: I'm not a spy! (Audience cheers)
Mrs. Beakley tosses the bulb to the camera equipment as both Mrs. Beakley and Webby leave.
Huey: Um, Uncle Donald? Does something feel...I don't know, off?
Donald: Ahem. (with a clear voice instead of his normal voice) Well everything seems perfectly normal (looks toward the camera) to me.
Audience cheers as Huey is about to question what he just heard.
Intro plays.
There is an opening sequence with the triplets and Webby dancing, then Scrooge, Beakley, Della and Donald jump behind them. Huey reads his JW Guidebook while Louie fiddles with his Pep can, then Dewey slides in, making his older brother drop his book and the pep spill over. Webby and Beakley pop their heads from different angles, then stand side-by-side. For Donald, his name drops on his foot and he complains while holding his foot in pain before he looks towards the screen, shakes off his anger and grins. Scrooge looks through money and makes it fly up into the air. A rock band waits while Launchpad walks in playing a saxophone then crashes into a wall. Della is surprised by her name then gives sweet reactions. The family poses for a photo while the title for "Quack Pack" appears above them.
Cut to an outside shot of McDuck Manor.
Announcer: "Quack Pack!" was taped in front of a live studio audience.
Cut to the foyer.
Donald: What's wrong?
Huey: You just sound... different.
Donald: Scratchy throat? I, uhh... haven't been sleeping much with all the stress of the photo, and the lighting, and the Dewey, and-- (breathes heavily)
Huey: Oh right. Sure. Don't worry, it'll be perfect. Let's go check in the office and you'll feel much better once the photographer arrives. He's the best. A true artisté. That's French for artist.
Donald feels relieved.
Huey: Webby, can you keep an eye out for the photographer?
Webby: Oh yeah.
Doorbell rings. Webby answers the door.
Knox: Knox Quackington. Photographer, artisté extraordinaré. I'm an observer of life. I travel the globe, uncovering mankind’s deepest secrets.
Webby: (quietly to herself) He’s a spy...
Knox: I'm sorry?
Webby: You will be. I mean... we'll be happy to be your subjects. (leading him to the closet) Hehehe, this way.
Knox: No, no, no, no, no, no. It's much too dark in- (Webby beats him up off-screen) (screams) (Audience laughs) You're so strong, yet so small!
Webby does a little dance before grappling to the next scene. Meanwhile, Della walks into the office with Scrooge and Louie.
Della: Alright, Uncle Scrooge. How much of the study have you actually fixed?
The three of them look at the office and the horrible shape it's in.
Della: Oh. That's not so bad.
A large pipe falls.
Della: How could you let it get like this?
Scrooge: The first repairman wanted too much to fix it. And the more I waited, the worse it got. And the higher the price got, the-
Louie: Oh my gosh, you lied. What a terrible example! All my future lies are now legally your fault. (Audience laughs)
Scrooge: Grab a hammer, kids. We've got 20 minutes.
Louie: Why don't you just hire somebody?
Scrooge: Time is money, lad. And I'd rather spend time because it's not money. (Audience laughs)
Della: Louie, keep an eye on the door. Let us know when Huey and Donald are coming.
Just as she says that, Huey and Donald enter the room and see the mess.
Huey & Donald: Wait, what?!
Louie: They're coming. (Audience laughs)
Donald: Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy!
Huey: How am I supposed to fix this before the photo?
Della: Calm down, guys. We can pick another room.
Donald: Nonononono. This office has the best light to capture the glint of the buttons on the outfits.
Louie: Oh, right! Rebuilding an entire room is much easier than recapturing button glint. What was I thinkiiiiing? (Audience laughs)
Dewey arrives to the room with a different outfit.
Dewey: Guys, I can't find the right rakish grin for the photo, and-- (notices the mess) yooou have bigger problems. (Audience laughs)
Donald is about to flip out.
Dewey: Easy, Uncle D! You know what you need? A nice, relaxing, scalp-massaging haircut for the portrait. You're in Dewey's hands now.
Dewey and Donald leaves the room.
Huey: Aaaall right, people, we're in full crisis mode! According to the Junior Woodchuck Guidebook... [takes out his Junior Woodchuck Guidebook] Wait! Why are all the pages blank?! [shows the blank pages in the guidebook]
Della: Maybe you ran it through the wash? Back on the Moon we have an old saying: Always checks your pockets! (Audience laughs)
Huey: Stop laughing!
Louie: I didn't laugh. (Audience laughs)
Huey: What's going on here? I would never let anything happen to my JWG! And where is that laughter coming from?!
Huey runs out of the room as the audience laughs. Scrooge, Louie, and Della shrugs.
Dewey dances as the scene transitions to the next one.
Dewey is shampooing Donald's hair in the kitchen.
Dewey: Breathe. Relax. Let your professional hairstylist work his magic.
Donald: Ah, wow. It is so nice to finally have my own hairstylist.... wait, since when are you a hairstylist?
Dewey: Since the internet. (tapping on Donald's head) Ahahahaha! (Audience laughs)
Huey arrives to the kitchen.
Huey: Guys! Something really weird is going on here- (Audience laughs) What is that sound?!
Dewey: The sound of jaws hitting the floor when I reveal my new Dew-do, SHABLOOIE!
Dewey takes his hat off to reveal his new hairstyle.
Donald: WHAT DID YOU DO TO YOUR HAIR?!
Dewey: The same as I did to yours! [finish Donald's hairstyle that is the same as Dewey's]
Donald: WHAT?! (Audience laughs)
Huey: Aren’t you guys hearing that? Hello? (Donald looks at the camera grumpily, he and Dewey ignores Huey) Guys? Guys! [music] WHERE IS THAT MUSIC COMING FROM?! (the lights fade out) WHY IS THE LIGHTS FADING?! (screen goes black) WHAT IS HAPPENIIIIIIING?!
Cut to a traffic jam. Music starts playing. A man is moving a sofa over the road, but he is not going good. The cars can't move because it's blocked by the sofa. Suddenly, a can of Pep appears. The man opens the can and drinks the Pep. A cube of ice falls into a glass of Pep, spilling the Pep. Pep bursts out of glasses everywhere, then forms a wave heading towards the man. He jumps on the sofa and uses it as a float, then drinks his can of Pep. He winks at the camera as the voice-over says "Put some pep in your step!"
Cut to a TV indent of Dewey holding a remote. When he presses a button, a logo appears. It's shaped like a genie lamp with "BaBa NETWORK" written on it.
Announcer: And now, back to Quack Pack!
Cut to Huey, Dewey, and Donald back in the kitchen. Audience laughs.
Huey: WHAT IS GOING ON?! Everything went black, then someone drank a Pep, and WHAT IS QUACK PACK?! Something weird is going on here, but I can't put a finger on it...
Donald: Hehe, you seem stressed! Look, did I put to much pressure about this photo shoot?
No! I'm stressed because the veil of reality is disintegrating! And no one seems to notice!
Dewey opens the refrigerator and takes a can of Pep.
Dewey: Sounds like someone needs some PEP in his step. [throws the can to Huey, but it's empty]
Donald: Why don't you get some rest? I'll handle the photo duties from here.
Huey: Aaargh! (Audience laughs)
Huey leaves the kitchen angrily. Dewey looks annoyed while Donald looks worried.
Louie takes a picture with his phone, does a spin, swipes out hearts, then transitions to the next scene.
Webby and Knox are in the garage. Knox is tied up to a chair.
Webby: Snooping around, seemingly everywhere at once, pulling all the strings. I know who you really are...
Knox: (starts sweating) (clears throat) It's not what you think.
Webby: Put a cork in it, (clutches his sweater) SPY!
Knox: Phew. I mean.... spy? No, I am just a whimsically eccentric photographer.
Webby: Oh, really? I am going to get my grandma. And she's not very nice, even though she's the world's. Best. Grandma... (Audience laughs)
Knox: I really don't have the slightest idea what you're talking about.
Webby: (lets go of him) Launchpad?
Launchpad rolls out from under a car he was fixing.
Launchpad: Yo! (Audience cheers)
Webby: Keep an eye on him. He's a secret agent. (leaves)
Launchpad: Whoa! An agent?
Scene flip-transitions to Launchpad and Knox still in the garage, but now with The Crash Happies members. Launchpad is holding a saxophone. Audience laughs.
Drummer: This guy's really an agent?
Launchpad: Yes, but it's a secret, so we have to play reaaaally quiet. Two, three, four.
Cut to Scrooge, Della and Louie in the study Scrooge is trying to fix the room by nailing two planks onto the wall, but it caused a long crack on the wall. The audience laughs. Another pipe falls, which almost hit Louie, and the audience laughs again.
(patting his clothes) Oh, no, my outfit! Wait, why am I mad about that?
Huey barges into the room.
Huey: Guys! Something is very wrong!
Della, Louie and Scrooge trying to hide the damage on the room.
Scrooge: Nothing is wrong here!
Louie: Everything’s fine!
Della: A third thing!
Huey: I'm talking about how we're trapped in a mystical prison that's constantly laughing at us? What are you talking about?!
Scrooge, Louie, Della: (looks at each other) ....That. (Audience laughs)
Huey: There is it again! A snipe pops out on the bottom right corner on the screen. It's an ad for the show Ottoman Empire. It comes with a picture of the Empire brothers. The ad says "NEW EPISODE TONIGHT!"
Huey: (jumps) GAH! Who are those little guys?! [points to the snipe]
Louie: What little guys? You're talking crazy, Huey.
Huey: Wait, is that Randy and Johnny? Is this... an ad? [The ad disappears] Wait a second... [flips through his JWG] It's blank... [puts it back under his hat]...because it's a prop! [sets his hand into a hole in the wall] No pipes, no insulation- This isn't real, this is a set! WE'RE ON A TV SHOW! (Audience goes ooooh)
Louie: Wow, I figured if anyone would crack it, it’d be Dewey. (Audience laughs)
Della: Take it easy, honey. Back on the Moon, I used to snap too. Of course that was from soul-crushing loneliness. (Audience awws)
Huey: Okay, I'll prove it. In all this time fixing the room, have you noticed it only have three walls?
Scrooge: Oh, don’t be daft, lad. Of course there's a fourth wall!
Huey: Ohhh, really? Have you actually looked at it?
Della, Scrooge, Louie and Huey slowly looks at where the fourth wall should be, only to see a lot of people surrounding them with some set lights in a studio.
Della: Okay, that is a little weird.
Scrooge open the door, but it opens to a wall of bricks.
Scrooge: Aaah! We're trapped! How are we supposed to get out of here?
Louie: How does anything happening on a TV show?
Huey: We need some wacky hi-jinks.
Della: (grabs a sickle) On it!
All of them starts breaking through the floor. Huey with a hammer, Della a sickle, Scrooge a saw, and Louie just stomps on it.
Huey's body dances on its own as the scene transitions.
Huey: HOOOW DID I GET HERE? WHYYY AM I DANCING?
The next scene opens with Donald shaving his head bald, then he looks at the camera. The audience laughs. He looks in a mirror to see that he overdid it.
Donald: Aww, phooey.
Webby walks in and opens one of the kitchen cabinet drawer looking for something.
Donald: Webby, have you seen the photographer?
Webby: Nope. Have you seen the meat tenderizer?
(confused) What?
Webby: (closes the drawer) No reason. [taps the meat tenderizer on her hand] Cute girl stuff. [leaves]
Donald: Great. What else could go wrong?
Goofy: [walks into the kitchen from another door] Hiya, neighbor!
The audience cheers. Goofy laughs as he took a step, but he trips over the kitchen island and lands on the floor. He stands back up.
Donald: Hi, Goofy.
Goofy: [opens the fridge] I just came over to borrow some ketchup! [put some ketchup in his back pocket, then puts it back in the fridge] Hmm, something seems different about 'ya... New shirt? (Audience laughs)
Donald sighs. He goes to the table and and let his head on it. Goofy follows him.
Goofy: What's the matter?
Donald: We're taking this big family portrait, but I can't find the photographer!
Goofy: Gawrsh! I wish I can help, but I gotta get back to work at the photography studio.
Donald: Wait, Goofy, you can help!
Goofy shows no reaction. The audience laughs.
Donald: ...Because, I need a photographer.
The audience laughs again as Goofy just stares at Donald.
Goofy: Oh! (facepalms) Of course! I'll head down to the studio, and see if one of my fellow photographers can help ya! Goofy leaves the kitchen. Donald stares at the door while the audience laughs, then Goofy comes back. Say! I'm a photographer! Why don't I help you instead!
Donald facepalms.
Scene cuts to Launchpad and The Crash Happies playing music quietly for Knox. Launchpad is playing the saxophone badly and very close to Knox. Knox is not enjoying it. The audience cheers as they finished playing.
Launchpad: (quietly) Thank you, thank you. And now for our next...
Della, Huey, Louie and Scrooge falls through the floor. Mrs. Beakley, Webby and Dewey rushes to the garage.
Beakley: What in the blazes?
Webby: (to Knox) What did you do?
Scrooge, Della, Louie and Huey stand up. Donald and Goofy walks in.
Donald: (looks up to the hole on the ceiling) Oh no, The office! The outfits! The glint on the buttons! The photo is ruined.
Della: Forget the photo, we're trapped in a TV show!
Launchpad: First we get an audition, and now we get a TV show? (to Knox) Wow, you're good! (Audience laughs)
Huey: Guys, this is nuts! Shouldn't we... I dunno... be on.... an adventure or something?
Donald: Well, getting the lid off that peanut butter was an adventure. (Audience laughs)
Scrooge: I think the lad is right. We should be adventuring.
Louie: We need to figure out what happened before this morning.
Donald: Pfft, easy! Louie broke Della's favorite vase and learned an important lesson about honesty! (Audience laughs)
Huey: I'm not talking about what happened in the last episode, I'm talking about how we got stuck here in the first place.
Dewey: (stroking his chin) If only I could remember... (echoes)
Everything becomes fuzzy. Dewey stops stroking his chin and shrieks. Everything looks clear again. Everyone screams in confusion.
Huey: Wait, that's it! We need a flashback! Everyone, tilt your head to the left and gently stroke your chins.
Donald: Okay, okay, guys, we should reaaally get to the plot- Uh, photo!
Everyone but Donald does as Huey says. The scene becomes fuzzy again.
Huey: Reminisce harder! IT'S WORKING!
Scene transitions to the family inside of a cave on top of a large statue, as they try to fend off a hoard of scorpions approaching them.
Scrooge: Suck on stone, ya scabrous scorpion scoundrels!
Scrooge throws a rock on one of the scorpions, but it did nothing. They hisses and starts crawling up the statue. Huey, Webby, and Beakley are throwing rocks on the scorpions. Louie is just sitting around and looking at his phone. He looks annoyed.
Huey: Finch's journal said the Lost Lamp of Calibaba is here!
Louie: How many lamps did this jerk have?
Webby: All we have to do is beat the scorpions, survive the gauntlet, and travel for days through the desert (throws a sword) on foot!
Meanwhile, Donald is sitting on the back and panicking.
Donald: Oooh... I wish we can just have normal family problems....
Donald accidentally rubs on a lamp. The lamp starts to float and spin. Everyone stops to see what's happening. Purple smoke comes out of the lamp, then a genie appears from inside the smokes.
Genie: Ahahaha! Your wish is my command. Sha-boo-ee!
The flashback ends and the scene ripples back.
Everyone: Dooooonaaaaald! (Audience laughs)
Donald: Aww, phooey. (stroking his hair back to cover his bald)
Scrooge: Curse me kilts!
Della: Back on the Moon...
Dewey: That's how we Dewey it!
Louie: Oh boy.
Beakley: I'm not a spy!
Huey: Everyone, stop catch-phrasing!
Beakley: Wait, is "I'm not a spy" seriously my catchphrase? (Audience cheers)
Louie: Uncle Donald, you wished for this? (Dewey shows off to the audience. The audience cheers)
Donald: I wished for this five times a day. How was I suppose to know this time there would be a lamp under me? (Audience laughs)
Webby: Wait, that genie from the flashback looked awfully familiar.
Everyone looks at Knox that is trying to escape.
Webby: Hey, where do you think you're going, photographer? Or should I say, spy?! OR SHOULD I SAY, GENIE?!
Knox: Okay, okay, you got me. Shabooey.
Knox burst into cloud of smoke. When the smoke clears out, it reveals the genie from the flashback.
Genie: The name's Gene! (Audience cheers loudly) Nice to meetcha.
Huey: You're the guy from the Pep commercial!
Launchpad: How many more secrets does this agent have? (Audience laughs)
Scrooge: Release us from this paranormal TV prison, ya pernicious presto peddler!
Gene: Oooh, sorry, I cannot do that. I'm just a humble genie carrying out Donald's wish for a.... (transforms into a child) perfect family.
Louie: This is your idea of a perfect family? How long have you been in that lamp?
Gene: Ages, the long-ago year of 1990. (Audience laughs)
Della: (grabs Gene by his shirt) Send us home right now, buddy!
Gene: This is all just a wacky mix-up, which, to be fair, usually makes for good TV, am I right? (Scrooges slams him to the car) Eep! Sorry, I can't help you. Only the lamp's master can do that. He's got two wishes left, you know?
Everyone looks at Donald. The audience laughs.
Huey: You've been able to wish us out. This whole time.
Donald: Come on, it's not so bad here, is it? Silly problems, comforting music, and everything gets resolved nicely in the end with no one getting hurt, or captured, or lost.
His words started to affect the family as they had that feeling, understanding, and experience they've been through.
Huey: But that's not who we are. We go on adventures, travel the world, defy danger. That's what makes us, us.
Donald: You know what? Well, maybe we should be more normal. If you want out, fine. (walks out of the room followed by Goofy) I'll be in Scrooge's office, getting ready for our normal family photo. (slams the door)
Beakley: If Donald won't wish us out, how long will we be stuck in here?
Gene: Well, next week, Launchpad has three dates in the same night, then Louie loses is pet snake in the house, probably at least three seasons, plus spin-offs, and I assume they'll reboot the show eventually.
Huey: So, forever?
Gene: Yeaaahh, sorry.
Dewey: Aw, it's not so bad, guys. We get to stay here, where I'm a star, and everyone thinks I'm hilarious. Sha-Dew-ey, am I right? (Audience laughs)
Huey: Dewey, this place is horrifying. We have to find the lamp, and wish ourselves out of this nightmare.
The audience boos at them. They look into the audience. The audience step into the light, revealing that they are horrifying-looking humans. Upon seeing that, the family screams in terror. The audience starts chasing after them.
Dewey: Whoa, the crowds turned on us, we gotta get outta here, go-go-go!
Gene: Careful! The wish won't make it easy!
audience member: Ah ha ha ha ha. Yah!
Huey: Aah, ow, ahh. What are those things? Horrible, flesh-faced monsters! Run!
Dewey: I'm trying. Self-esteem too low. The disapproval. My only weakness.
Scrooge: What shambolic sorcery is this, Genie?
Gene: I tried to tell you. Donald made the wish. If you try to escape, the wish will only fight to preserve itself.
Huey: Everyone split up, and try to find the lamp.
Launchpad's girlfriend #1
Hi Launchpad. I'm here for our study date.
Launchpad's girlfriend #2
If you're studying with her, when were you planning on getting a burger and shake with me?
Launchpad's girlfriend #3
Or take our romantic hot-air balloon ride to Aruba?
Launchpad: Uh, geez. You all seem real nice. I feel really bad about the mix-up.
Beakley: See here, young lady. Take that personal trip yourself. Discover who you are on your own.
Della: Have some self respect. Ugh.
Webby: You can find a better study partner than Launchpad. No offense, L.P. Augh!
Dewey: Here, we gotta look for that lamp. Check in the couch cushions.
Louie: Ah! My pet snake! Ah!
Dewey: Louie, why would you have this?
Louie: This is a poorly conceived story line.
Gene: Everyone's a critic.
Huey: Uncle Scrooge, help!
Johnny: I'm Johnny, the brains of the outfit.
Randy: And I'm his twin brother Randy, the handsome one.
Scrooge: What now?
Huey: Put a little Pep in your step!
audience members: Rawr!
Donald: Well, sounds like they're having a good time. Guess they won't be joining me for the family portrait.
Goofy: I suppose they're just a little mad. Whoah oof.
Donald: Is it too much to ask to have my family be like other families for once?
Goofy: Donald, in my experience, the best photos are the ones that aren't all staged and purdy. Like this photo of me and Maxie on a roller coaster. I was terrified and almost lost my lunch. Yugh, sure it was scary. Sure I got stuck at the top of the loop-de-loop, and Max had to catch me, and swing me into a cotton candy stand, but the park gave us free admission for life, and all the cotton candy we could eat. Max and I made a memory. That's just who we are.
Donald: Is it so wrong to want to be normal?
Goofy: I recon every family has their own normal.
Huey: Please tell me this is to be continued.
Donald: Listen gang, I what the- That's my family!
Huey: Woo, yeah, Uncle Donald!
all: Woo hoo!
audience member: Huah!
audience member: Heh heh heh heh heh heh heh...
Donald: Let's get quacking!
Goofy: Whoops, sorry.
Donald: Huh? (gasp) The lamp!
Goofy: Way up in the lamp? How are you're gonna get that down? Yow hoo hoo hoo hooey!
Donald: I wish to undo my last wish.
Gene: Your wish is my command. Shebooie!
Huey: Say something funny, Dewey.
Dewey: Something funny, Dewey.
Huey: Ah ha! The sound of nobody laughing never sounded so good.
Donald: We're back.
Gene: Ha ha, Best episode ever.
Goofy: Garsh that's sweet.
Della: Wait, Goofy was really here this whole time?
Gene: Of course. Magic's got nothing over the power of a big name guest star.
Goofy: Whoah, whoah, whoah.
Gene: You know, you have one more wish. You can have anything.
Louie: You wasted your last wish on having a stupid framed photo? Well, how about infinite wishes or another genie? To become a genie yourself. There's like a million-
Huey: I like it.
Donald: It's perfect.