The Sunchaser is returning from another adventure.
Louie: Decorative vase? Probably three thousand... Small sack of gold coins, what's that worth, Webs, about five thou?
Webby: It's historical value is immeasurable. Fought over for decades, Duckachuquack stole--
Louie: [Interrupts Webby] Bub-bub-bub-bub-bub-- You know that is not what I mean. And I'm offended that you would try and taint this treasure hunt with learning!
Dewey: You guys! [Accidentally kicks a can of Pep, spilling it on the floor]
Louie: Careful! Good thing you didn't get any on the treasure. [Dewey attempts to wipe the spilled Pep up with a piece of cloth]
Webby: [Gasps] Like that priceless Andean ceremonial blanket? [Louie takes the blanket from Dewey]
Dewey: Where'd I get this flatteringly colorful headpiece, you ask? The place: Pato Pisco. The time-
Louie: [Squeezing the blanket] Ugh, if this lessens the resale value I'm going to be so mad!
Dewey: Aw...
Huey: We are beyond lost and... Is this compass a sticker?
Launchpad: Ha-ha. Stickers are for kids, grown-ups call them decals.
Huey: Then how do you navigate?
Launchpad: Instincts, a keen eye, quick thinking... Ugh!
The plane almost crashed a mountain. Huey screams.
Launchpad: And a cool head.
Dewey: A cool head needs a cool hat. Ooh, not unlike this bold and daring chapeau. And the story behind it is equally bold and daring.
Huey: Do you mind doing whatever it is you are doing later? I'm trying to get us home safe and... This radar is an ant farm?!
Dewey goes down the ladder and sees Scrooge talking on the phone.
Scrooge: [On the phone] Yearly polishing of the money in the bin is a necessary expenditure. I may be filthy rich, but I'm not unsanitary.
Dewey: [Approaches Scrooge] Now there's a man who knows a good hat. It's not just a head covering, it's a statement--
Scrooge: [On the phone] I'm not putting shiny new treasure in a dirty old bin.
Dewy: Where did I find my new trademark hat? The place: Pato Pisco. The time--
Scrooge: Not the time, Dewey!
Scrooge walks away, Dewey goes up to a jewel on a crate.
Dewey: The place: Pato Pisco! The time: this afternoon! There I was, face-to-face with Mt. Peligroso... [Climbs up a stack of crates]
Louie: Hey, feet of the merchandise! [Grabs the jewel]
Dewey: I began to climb... [Accidentally knocks over a crate]
Webby: Ow...
Scrooge: [On the phone] ...I'm gonna have to call you back. [Ends the call] Go and take that seat [Points to a seat] and stay put before something else goes wrong!
Dewey sulks on the seat. A harpoon pierces the hull next to Dewey and tears out a hole.
Don Karnage: [On speaker] This is your fearsome Pirate Captain Don Karnage, welcoming you to our friendly skies. Prepare to be boarded!
Intro plays.
Scrooge: [Gives Huey a mop and Dewey a shovel] Stand your ground. We will not give in to these rapacious raiders.
Louie pockets the jewel. A tuning whistle is played.
Crew: Yo-ho-yo! (7x!) Yo-ho! Yo-ho! Yo-ho!
Two-Toed Jack: [Singing] Avast ye lads who be faint hearted: Crew: [Singing]
We rule these skies uncharted: Cruel and vicious hearties we: Who sail upon the skies and not the sea: Don Karnage: [Singing]
Tis I who lead this fearsome crew: With dagger, swagger, derring-do: Handsome and fearsome and suave: Crew: [Singing] He's the famous pirate captain —
Don Karnage: — Don Karnage! Ha-ha!
Crew: [Singing]
Hoist the flag and weigh the anchor: Circle the ship and pull to flank 'er: Hi-ho, he lives to plunder: Don Karnage: It's true, I live to plunder.
Crew: [Singing] High up in the sky amidst a sea of storm and thunder: Don Karnage: [Singing]
Now back to me, the main event: A pernicious, vicious, rakish gent: A frustratingly charming blaggart: Crew: [Singing] He'll steal all of your treasure and your heart: Don Karnage: And now we dance! Ha!
Crew: [Singing] He's Don Karnage!
Don Karnage: That's me!
Scrooge: Wait, what?
Crew: [Singing] It's Don Karnage!
Don Karnage: Still me! A-ha-ha-ha!
Crew: [Singing] Pilfer the loot to fill our coffers: Parrot: Been a pleasure to take it off ya!
Dewey: Hey!
Crew: [Singing] We'll put on a show: Stinky Boot: Then steal your gold!
Crew: And then to the clouds, away we go: Don Karnage: To the clouds away I go!
Crew: Yo-ho!
Silence: Scrooge: What the blazes was that?!
Launchpad: Bravo! Bravissimo!
Everyone but Launchpad: LAUNCHPAD!
The Sunchaser crashes into a forest. Everyone gets off of it.
Scrooge: My treasure!
Launcpad: My plane!
Dewey: My hat!
Scrooge: [Looks at Dewey, then to Launchpad] I cannae believe you were distracted by a bit of hammy hoofing!
Launchpad: I can't believe you weren't. Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-- Oh, that's gonna be in there all day.
Scrooge: Ugh, just that plane out of this blasted tree and follow them, NOW!
Launchpad: Whoa! Oof!
Launchpad attempts to start the plane, but the propellers get tangled up in vines.
Dewey: Fine, I'll get my hat from those blood-thirsty pirate myself. How do you like that? I bet you don't.
Launchpad: We're not going anywhere.
Scrooge: Launchpad, you start in on--
Launchpad: [Humming to the pirate song's tune] Tut ru rut tut tut tut--
Scrooge: Eeuh... Huey, you and Launchpad start in on those plane repairs.
Huey: Yes!
Launchpad: Yo-ho, Mr. McDee!
Scrooge: The two of you can inventory our supplies. Who knows how long we'll be stuck in this jungle. And Dewey... Dewey?
Huey gets splashed with blue engine fluid. Startled, he backs away and removes his cap.
Scrooge: Ah, Dewey! You be lookout while I search for any treasure those kleptomaniacal corsairs may have missed.
Dewey: Maybe I'll get killed by pirates, bet they'll pay attention to that story. Wait, why am I rooting for that?
Pirate crew member: A two, three kick, turn... Turn, turn... Ha, I can't mess up me big entrance... (sees the Iron Vulture) Oh no, I messed up me big entrance!
Dewey grabs the wheel of the plane as it takes off.
Dewey: Aaaaaaaah! This is a bad idea!
The plane enters the Iron Vulture. The pirates are celebrating for their performance and the treasure they stole.
Don Karnage: Was everyone satisfied with that performance?
Crew: Yarr!
Don Karnage: Even though your flybies weren't in sync, the harmonies were all off, and someone was late?!
Crew: Yarr...?
Don Karnage: WRONG! You made me look like an amateur out there!
Hat Pirate: But we got the treasure, Cap'n, ain't it what really matt'rs?
Don Karnage: You're right, you can't all be so rhytmically gifted as Don Karnage. May I give you some "pointers" on your pirouette?
Don Karnage throws him off the Iron Vulture.
Don Karnage: Anyone else want some pointers?!
Pirate ends up with his parachute caught in a tree.
Dewey tries to grab the hat but is soon discovered.
Dewey: [Nervously] Yarr...
Don Karnage: Well, well, what have we here?
One-Eyed Linda: A stowaway!
Don Karnage: [To One-Eyed Linda] Ugh, yes obviously, I meant that as a rhetorical menacing. [Back to Dewey] We have a special punishment for stowaways. Peg Leg Meg! How are those sky sharks coming?
Peg Leg Meg: [The sky shark is chomping on Peg Leg Meg's peg leg] Not great, Cap'n.
Don Karnage: Does Don Karnage have to do everything himself?! [To Peg Leg Meg and Ugly Mug] You two! Watch him while I concoct an appropriately dramatic demise.
Don Karnage walks away, followed by Stinky Boot, One-Eyed Linda, and Two-Toed Jack. Peg Leg Meg and Ugly Mug slowly approaches Dewey.
Dewey: I'm no threat to you guys. I was just getting my hat and I --
Ugly Mug: Wait. [Takes out Dewey's hat out of his pocket] This be your hat?
Dewey: [Gulp], yarr?
Ugly Mug: Would you look at this, Peg Leg Meg? This hat will not be flying of your head as we sail the skies.
Peg Leg Meg's hat blows through a window another pirate just opened. She grabs the hat from Ugly Mug and puts it on.
Ugly Mug: Tell me where you got it!
Dewey: [Nervously] Um, the place: Pato Pisco. The time...
Ugly Mug: Go on.
Dewey: I was climbing Mt. Peligroso! The wind: whipping at my face. Rocks: crashing down around me!
Back at the Sunchaser: Webby: Good news! If we limit our rations, we can go nine whole days before we go mad with hunger!
Louie: I should tell Uncle Scrooge the pirates left this behind.
Louie's reflection: No, you saved it! It belongs to you now!
Louie: Huh? Yeah, you're right, me.
Webby: I can't believe the Sapphire of Souls is gone!
Louie: The... what now?
Webby: Big blue gem? Priceless beyond all imagining? Reflects your innermost thoughts and desires?
Louie: Yeah, but Scrooge probably won't miss one measly little piece of treasure, right?
Webby: He's been searching for that gem for decades. Oh, I would not want to be those pirates when Scrooge finds them!
Louie: So Scrooge can't know that I have you, but if I could sneak you back with the other treasure and find you for him, he'll let me keep you.
Louie's reflection: Uh, I don't know, that sounds a little far-fetched...
Louie: Don't you go soft on me, evil Louie! Do you hear me?! It'll all be fine...
Webby: What was that?
Louie: [Hides the gem behind his back] Nothing crazy!
Dewey: When I ran across a rainbow colored alpaca who told me she had been waiting decades for The Chosen One. And guess what?
Peg Leg Meg & Ugly Mug: What?
Dewey: I was The Chosen One! Then she knit me this hat out of her wool!
Peg Leg Meg: Shiver me timbers! What a tale!
Dewey: See? It's not just some dumb hat when you've heard the whole story, and it's mostly all true!
Ugly Mug: Wish we could be the chosen ones, but here we are, stuck in the chorus...
Dewey: Oh, hey, come on! I thought your dance number was great.
Peg Leg Meg: Aw, thanks. But we're really just there to back up the Captain when he provides the distraction.
Ugly Mug: How will anyone see my beautiful arabesque sitting in a plane? [Does an arabesque]
Dewey: Ooh-hoo, I love it! You know what? Flip that into a jazzy fouette and you'll be center of stage for sure.
Ugly Mug: You think? Oh, nah, the captain will never go for it.
Dewey: Why does that jerk Don Karnage get all the attention and not us-- I mean, uh, you guys?
Peg Leg Meg: Well, because he's... the captain?
Dewey: Well, what if he wasn't?
The pirates draw swords and force Don Karnage toward the open hatch.
Don Karnage: You dare mutiny against me, Don Karnage?! You are nothing without me!
Ugly Mug takes off Don Karnage's hat, does a fouette, then pushes him off the Iron Vulture.
Don Karnage: You bit players haven't seen the last of Don Karnaaaaaaage! [Opens his parachute, then hits the ground] Kick out Don Karnage, will they? I must retake my ship and get my revenge against that [Takes out his sword] child who DARED steal the crew of the rapacious rogue of the rain clouds.
Huey: Okay, Launchpad, try it again!
Don Karnage observes the McDuck family fix the plane.
Don Karnage: A-ha-ha! [Gasps] But they will never help the devilishly handsome pirate who stole their treasure... I must call upon every skill in my repertoire. I must become... someone else.
Scrooge: Eugh, those pilots were thorough... Not even a coin left in the seat cushions. [Sighs]
Voice: Oooooh!
Scrooge: [Gasps]
A Mysterious Man: Thank goodness you have found me.
Scrooge: Gah! Where'd you come from? Way to be a lookout, Dewey!
Dr. Tom Karnage: I am Dr. Tom Kar......naaaaaaage? An attractive and charming plant scientist.
Huey: You mean a botanist?
Dr. Tom Karnage: You dare correct the FIERCE CAPTAIN... of the Plant Sciencing Committee? That dashing scoundrel, Don Karnage--no relation-- stole my vital plant research. You must take me to his ship and get back what is MINE... for the good of plantology!
Scrooge notices the lab coat-sized hole in the parachute.
Scrooge: Excuse us just a moment. [huddles the group together] We all know that's Don Karnage, right?
Launchpad: He seems to know a lot about plants...
Huey: You know, he might be able to help us find that pirate ship faster--
Dr. Tom Karnage: YES! I will lead you to the ship so I can kill... lect that flower. Oh, look, leaves!
Scrooge: [Sighs] just get on the plane and don't steal anything this time.
The Sunchaser gets off the ground. Cut to Dewey leading the pirates through a dance routine.
Dewey: Woo! Good job everyone! Listen, this has been great, but I should take my hat and go. Everyone would wanna hear about where I've been.
Ugly Mug: Or... you could have this bigger hat, Captain Dewey?
Dewey: Oh, wait, what now?
Ugly Mug: [The crew gathers around Dewey] You've taught us to be our own pirates and stand out. Now it's our turn to stand out... behind you.
Peg Leg Meg: So, Cap'n, who would be the first to witness the talents of the Dread Pirate Dewey?
Dewey dons the captain hat and grins.
Dr. Tom Karnage: The Iron Vulture usually anchors up there... one would assume.
Scrooge: Set the course, Launchpad.
Launchpad: I think they're coming to us.
Launchpad dodges the Iron Vulture. Dewey plays the tuning whistle.
Crew: Yo-ho-yo! Yo-ho-yo! Yo-ho, yo-ho, yo-ho!
Ugly Mug: [Singing] Prepare ye lads to be surprised: Crew: [Singing]
With shanty single our reprise: Cruel and vicious hearties we: Who occasionally like to get jazzy: Launchpad: Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo- So catchy.
Dr. Tom Karnage: Who DARES steal my big show stopper?
Dewey: [Singing]
Tis I who lead this fearsome crew-y: With dagger, swagger, derring--
The main characters: Dewey?!
Dewey: [Singing]
Yes look at me the main attraction: This story's full of daring action: Perhaps you finally won't ignore us: So bend your ear and hear some from the chorus: Stinky Boot: [Singing]
Ahoy to you, I'm Stinky Boot: Me pride and joy be plunderin' loot: Ugly Mug: [Singing]
Big mateys call me Ugly Mug: But I prefer to go by Jitterbug: Dewey: Alright, that's enough guys!
Peg Leg Meg: [Singing]
I'm Peg Leg Meg, the ship's first mate: My high kicks truly are first rate: Hardtack Hattie: [Singing]
Thar she blows, I'm Hard Tack Hattie: My dancing skills, they just might drive you batty: Twins: [Singing] Bonjour, we're the twins with a rhythmical knack: One-Eyed Linda: [Singing] One-Eyed Linda: Two-Toed Jack: [Singing] And Two-Toed Jack: Intern: [Singing] I'm just an intern for the summer: Dewey: Come on!
Intern: [Singing] But it feels like this song has gone one forever: Dewey: Okay, let's wrap it up.
The Iron Vulture engulfs the Sunchaser and harpoons it to the inner hanger.
Crew: [Singing]
Heave-ho below, it's time to go: We dearly hope that you like the show: I mean 'cuz your heart we already stole: We'll open up our ship and swallow you whole: Dewey: We'll open up our ship and swallow you whole!
Crew: Yo-ho!
Dewey: Yo-ho! Ah... Was I late on the Yo-ho? Should we take it from the top? Okay.
Crew: Rrrgh...
Dewey: Eeeeeeeh? I like my hat now.
Scrooge: I didn't even know he was gone, did you?
Huey: I thought he was on lookout!
Louie: Yeah, he was definitely there when we went back to the plane, right?
Webby: Yeah, I think so.
Dewey: You didn't even notice I was gone?! That's it, I'm staying here.
Scrooge: You ran away, joined a pirate crew, and you are mad at us?!
Dewey: Let them go and give them back their tainted treasure! If they can't remember me, I don't wanna remember them!
Ugly Mug: Give the treasure back?
Louie: That probably won't be all the treasure, not all of it. A jewel or something, you know, could have been lost forever during that dance number...
Peg Leg Meg: Don't you want to ransom them or make them walk the plank or, you know, something pirate-y?
Dewey: Really Peg Leg Meg?! First you cut me off during the big number then you give me notes?!
Peg Leg Meg: He sounds a lot like Don Karnage...
Ugly Mug: ...but with less treasure...
Peg Leg: We may be singing and dancing pirates...
Ugly Mug: ...but we still be pirates. It's into the skies with ye all!
The pirates prepare to dump the McDuck family out the hatch.
Dewey: Great, now everyone pays attention to me.
Ugly Mug: It's into Davy Jones' Upper Cabinet with ye!
Dewey: Come on, mateys! Remember how we all hated Don Karnage? It's good times, right?
Peg Leg Meg: We actually hate you more than--
Dr. Tom Karnage: --me?!
Ugly Mug: Who be you? Some sort of plant scientist?
Don Karnage: [Takes of his disguise] It is I, The Master of Disguise in the skies, Don Karnage! Ha-ha!
Dewey: Uh-oh.
Don Karnage: The pirates of Don Karnage deserve better than this two bit bilge rat.
Peg Leg Meg: Aww, Cap'n.
Don Karnage: I only push you because I believe you can do better. And those that can't, I kill. You may be talentless backup, but you are the talentless backup of Don Karnage.
Ugly Mug: [Sobs] Bring it in, guys. Bring it in.
Louie: Come to push us off the plank yourself, "Captain Dewey"?
Dewey: Uh, so listen. Things got a little out of hand. Sure, I wanted attention, but I don't know--
Scrooge: If we listened to your story earlier, you wouldn't have fallen in with this, lad.
Huey: You should really communicate your needs more clear-- I mean, we're sorry.
Dewey: No, I'm sorry. With so many people it's so easy to... get lost in the shuffle!
The kids: Ding!
Don Karnage: Excuse me, my ship. Only I get the heart-felt moment of realization. En guarde!
Don Karnage swings his sword, but ends up cutting the rope binding the McDuck family, and losing his sword and hat to Dewey. Dewey bats a wrench to the controls closing the hatch and turning off the main lights. The red emergency lights turn on in response.
Don Karnage: Cue my dramatic duel spotlight!
Crew: A duel!
Don Karnage and Dewey spar, but Dewey disappears as Don Karnage delivers a coup-de-grace.
Huey: Ha-ha, you salty sky dog... I'm Dewey! I fear not the likes of you-ey!
Louie: I have a colorful personality, not unlike my hat, hehe. Watch how I Dewey it! Dew-dew-Dew, Dewey it...
Don Karnage: Stop that! Come back here and die!
Webby: I'm sweet and sensitive and full of secrets, and, uh, something about Mt. Peligroso...
Dewey: Aw, they really do pay attention.
Don Karnage: Wait a minute. Quickly, the follow light!
Scrooge finds and immediately collects the stolen treasure.
Dewey: Ha! Retreat. Everybody in! I'll hold them off.
Don Karnage: Get them!
Scrooge: How are you going to distract an entire crew of blood-thirsty pirates?
Dewey takes out a pitch pipe and blows.
Crew: [Singing]
Avast ye lads who be faint hearted: We rule these skies uncharted: Don Karnage: What are you doing?! They're getting away!
Crew: [Singing]
Cruel and vicious hearties we: Who sails up on the skies and not the sea: Dewey: Bon voyage, Don Karnage!
Dewey throws the sword and Captian hat. Launchpad pulls the plane out of the Iron Vulture.
Karnage: No one escapes the villainous me! Stop dancing! Man the cannons! Who's steering the ship?!
The Iron Vulture crashes into a near mountain.
Don: This is why only I get the solos. [Points his sword] CURSE YOU DEWEY DUCK!
Cuts to inside of the Sunchaser.
Scrooge: I found this with the treasure.
Dewey: Hey, my hat! [Wears the hat]
Scrooge: It certainly is, uh, unique. How did you... come by it?
Louie: Everyone, listen up! [Approaching Scrooge] I am a hero. At great risk to my personal safety I have rescued Scrooge's most valuable piece of treasure: The Sapphire of Souls.
Scrooge: Never heard of it.
Louie: [Gives the gem to Scrooge] It's a priceless gem that reflects your darkest desires?
Scrooge: This is priced at $29.50.
Louie: What the-- I didn't even steal a real treasure?!
Webby: Ha-ha, got ya! I bought that at the airport. Ha, tell me not to make treasure about learning. Everything's about learning! Ha-Ha.
Scrooge: Go ahead lad, I'm listening.
Dewey: What do you know about alpacas? 'Cause I ran across a rainbow colored alpaca who told me she had been waiting decades for The Chosen One, and guess what? I was The Chosen One!