Episode Info: Transcript: Gallery: Clips: The episode starts on a dark landscape somewhere in Scotland. Launchpad driving the jeep with his feet while looking at a map. Scrooge snatches the map away with his cane.
Launchpad: Huh!
Scrooge: Remember lads. No sudden movements, no eye contact, and if you're cornered, the heartless heathens will give you no quarter.
Louie: This does not sound like a fun trip.
Huey: Misty moors, vague warnings, sneaking out behind Uncle Donald's back. Can you please just tell us where we're going?
Scrooge: The less you know the better.
Huey and Louie make eye contact, before slumping back in their seats. On the other side of the jeep, Dewey watches the Sphere show images of Della, of her lashing Storkules on the butt with her scarf and a close up on Della's face.
Webby: Ha, that's a good one.
Dewey: Aha! (nearly drops the Sphere) How long have you been there watching me?
Webby: 25, 30 minutes. You still haven't told your brothers what we found out about your mom?
Dewey: Tell them what exactly? She took the Spear of Selene? We have no idea what that means. We don't even know what it looks like. Why get them in a panic when this could all be a dead end?
Webby: Because... honesty?
Dewey: Mmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm hmm.
Webby: Why do you always do that?
Dewey: Do what?
Webby: Whenever you want to ignore something, you stare into the distance and pretend you're thinking.
Dewey: I'm trying to protect my brothers from finding out something that could upset them.
Webby: And keeping an earth-shattering secret from them that could destroy your brotherhood wouldn't upset them?
Dewey: Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Webby sighs and the car lurches to a stop.
Launchpad: Found it. (The Jeep has crashed into a statue of a duck in armor.)
Scrooge: Launchpad, hide the jeep in the moors. Every five years, the mists of Dismal Downs part enough to reveal the home of the lost treasure of the Knights Templar. Brace yourselves, kids. Primordial menace lurks here, the most treacherous terror I've ever faced.
Fergus: Oi! Jettison that jalopy for my drive way this instant, you deadbeat!
Scrooge: Daddy. Mummy. (Triplets and Webby look shocked.)
(Intro plays)
Downy: Scroogie! (Runs to Scrooge, lifting him up and hugging and kissing him.)
Fergus: Son.
Downy: (Lets Scrooge go and he falls over.) Ooh! Look at your wee bairns, finally get to meet ye'! (Attempts to hug the triplets, Huey and Dewey both dodge, leaving Louie as the one being chased.)
Louie: Nope, I'm fine. Thank you, though!
As Louie also evades her, Downy turns back to the rest of the group.
Downy: Welcome, all of you, to Castle McDuck!
Huey helps Scrooge up off the ground.
Huey: Your parents are alive!?
Louie: (Walks over to Scrooge and Huey) I can't believe you're still alive.
Fergus: He put a curse on us.
Scrooge: That is not fair! I very kindly rebuilt our ancestral castle for them, and I may have used some discount mystical druid stones that accidentally granted them immortality. I didn't know it would buy me as eternity's worth of criticism.
Fergus: So, he admits he wants to be rid of us.
Scrooge: Gah! Would you rather I'd let you pass or made you immortal?
Fergus: Neither is satisfactory. A thoughtful son would know that.
Scrooge growls: Dewey: So this is the actual home of Clan McDuck?
Downy: Indeed, child. Within these walls lies the secrets, and the mystery of all your ancestors.
Dewey: (Whispers to Webby) Webby, there's gotta be something about my mom here.
Webby: (In awe) 'Everything McDuck, mysteries, secrets untold. Oooh weee!
Dewey: (Dewey pokes Webby, Webby laughs) Uh oh, she's having a joy overload!
Back at the entrance of Castle McDuck, Fergus and Scrooge are having a stare down. Both of them growl as Downy walks and looks Fergus. The camera cuts into Fergus as Fergus growls angrily. Downy looks at Scrooge, whom also growling angrily. Downy smiles. The scene dissolves to a shot in the dining room of Castle McDuck. Fergus and Scrooge are still having a stare down and growling angrily at each other.
Downy: (Walks over to Scrooge) Oh, we didn't know what to send your birthday gifts these years with you, gallivanting about. (Scrooge flips the check one by one, each one is for 0.05 £)
Scrooge: Yeah, thanks Mummy. But I'm not just traveling, I'm a seasoned adventurer, seeking fortune and-
Louie: (Pops up beside the table from behind Scrooge's chair) Sorry. Hi. Louie Duck, future owner of this castle. This Templar treasure, like can I have it now, or do I have to wait to inherit or-? (Scrooge smiles weakly)
Fergus: Oh, so, Scrooge mentioned Simon's treasure but didn't mention his dear old parents.
Dewey: Simon?
Scrooge: (Looking over his shoulder to see the kids.) Simon McDuck was the accountant to the legendary Knights Templar. He hid their treasure somewhere in this castle.
Fergus: (Slamming his arm on the table.) Typical Scrooge, only coming around looking for a handout.
Scrooge laughs weakly, and ushers the ducklings away from the table.
Scrooge: (Whispering) Only the laird of the castle knows where the treasure is, and the laird won't tell me unless I'm worthy. (Fergus listens in on the conversation with an ear horn, puts it away with a huff.) So, we have to on best behavior. Quit mentioning the treasure and act like we want to be here. (Webby squeals.)
Cut to the hallways of Castle McDuck which are covered in portraits.
Dewey: So, uhh, this place has info on all of our relatives?
Downy: Oh, aye. There is Fergus' father "Dirty" Dingus McDuck. (Stop in front of a portrait of a duck with a pick-ax in a mine, Huey and Louie giggle at the name. Camera pans out to reveal more portraits as Downy continues) The ghosts of Clan McDuck loom large here. (Continue down the hall, stopping beside a bow.) This belonged to Murdock McDuck, first to patent the longbow. (A portrait of Murdock hangs above it.) Murdock made a fortune selling his bows to English army. Of course, he charged extra for the arrows. (Dewey messes with the arrow bag.)
Downy: (Moving to another portrait) Sir Swamphole McDuck was obsessed with hording treasure.
Fergus: (To Scrooge) Sound familiar? (Scrooge glares.)
Downy: So he built a mysterious series of tunnels under the castle to keep the family fortune. Some say he summoned a demon dog to stalk the catacombs. (Webby squeals in excitement, which Downy mistakes as fear.) Oh, they're just stories... Maybe... Probably. (She looks around and crosses the hallway. Scrooge and Fergus follow her.) Oh and look here, little Scroogey and Whiskers!
Huey: (Incredulously) Whiskers? (Scrooge face palms in the background)
Downy: Little Scroogie always want a dog but we were too poor. So we all pitched in to buy a clump of hair from the local barber. (camera slides showing other pictures of Scrooge and Whiskers) Ohh, how Scroogie loved his Whiskers!
Fergus: Hey, who ended up having to walk him and feed him?
Scrooge: It was a ball of hair!
Fergus: (Angrily) How dare you talk about Whiskers like that?! He was family!
Scrooge: Curse me kilts!
Fergus: Don't you curse in front of your mother!
Scrooge: I'm not a child anymore!
Fergus: Then stop acting like one!
Scrooge drags over a table.
Scrooge: Arm wrestling match! You and me, right now!
Fergus cracks his hands.
Cut to Downy opening a door to a bedroom followed by Scrooge, who has his coat pulled over his head, and Webby: Downy: Fergus didn't mean anything by that headlock, Scroogie, (Scrooge pulls his coat back to where it should be.) you know family means everything to him.
Webby takes in the room, racing around to look at portraits.
Webby: Oh, young Scrooge, brooding teenage Scrooge, (gasp) baby Scrooge!
Downy: See you at dinner! (Walks out)
Scrooge: Hmm... If it's family Daddy wants, then it's family he'll get. That'll prove I'm worthy. Steel yourself, Webby! We are gonna have a pleasant family dinner.
Back at the gallery, Huey, Dewey, and Louie are laughing at Donald's picture: Louie: Oh! So good. (continues laughing)
Huey: Uncle Donald? (continues laughing)
The picture falls off the wall. Huey, Dewey, and Louie stop laughing, looking at the back of the picture and see a note.
Huey: What?
Dewey: (Reading the note) "If borrowed crown is what you seek then venture below and follow your beak." Huh, crown.
Huey: Like a king's crown?
Louie: Or crown like oldsy, timesy money. This could lead to the Knight's Templar treasure! (Takes the note, Dewey takes it back.)
Huey: (Reading the note over Dewey's shoulder.) "To ensure the arrow miss it's mark, put a diddy on an arc."
Downy: (Offscreen, echoing) Boys!
Dewey: Stall her, I'll fix the painting. (Grabs the painting)
Huey and Louie run up to Downy.
Louie: The cold castle air made Huey's face numb, I don't suppose you'd want to pinch his cheeks?
Huey looks terrified, Downy looks delighted.
Dewey: (Compares the note with his phone) This is mom's handwriting. This riddle could be the key to finding her. I got to solve it before they do to make sure it's nothing bad.
Huey and Louie return. Huey has red cheek marks.
Huey: Alright, let's solve the mystery!
Dewey: (Hides the note and his phone behind his back) Just because there's a weird riddle in a mystical castle doesn't mean there's a mystery.
Louie: (Glares at Dewey) I see what you're doing.
Dewey: You do?
Louie: Trying to get the jump on us? Grab the treasure for yourself? You're hiding something aren't you?
Dewey: Mmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm hmm.
Huey: C'mon! We're in this together. The Duck Boys solving a huge family secret.
Dewey: Oh, uhh... (knocks over a set of armor) Race you!
Huey and Louie chase after Dewey, Huey slides to a stop in front of Murdock's longbow.
Huey: Pluck a diddy on an arc... Murdock's longbow! (Loudly) Dewey! You passed the first clue!
Dewey: (pants) Huh? I knew that.
Huey: (Takes the note from Dewey) Hmm, some letters are capitalized: B, A, G. Are these... musical notes? (Huey plays the notes)
A part of the wall slides open.
Huey: (Sighs) First chair cello, Junior Woodchuck Philharmonic Orchestra.
The triplets look into the tunnel, torches light up.
Dewey: (Pushes Huey and Louie to the sides.) It's too narrow for three of us. Oh, bummer!
Huey: (Pushes Dewey out of the way and takes a torch off the wall.) Or we could just go single file. (Louie follows him into the tunnel.)
Dewey: (Muttering) Stupid smart Huey. (Follows them in.)
The tunnel door closes, a dog foot appears then glowing green eyes with a dog growl.
Huey: This must be one of Swamphole's crazy tunnels!
Dewey: Guys, this could be dangerous, or boring. You should totally go back. It's not really worth the risk.
Louie: That is the least Dewey thing you've ever said.
The triplets continue down the passage and the camera cuts back to the dining room.
Scrooge: This is great, Mummy. Family sitting, sharing a hot kidney pie. Uh, these are the kind of values I'd try to instill in my own family. Warm memories, togetherness...
Fergus: And where are the boys?
Scrooge: Oh, probably off being supportive of each other.
Cuts back to the triplets who are pushing and shoving.
Louie: Stop it! Get off me!
Cuts back to the dining room.
Scrooge: Well, Webby, here, is one of the most articulate young lassies, (The camera zooms out) and she's not here...
Cuts to the library of Castle McDuck: Webby: I... uh... (looks around, falls backwards crying)
Cuts back the to dining room, where Webby can be heard.
Fergus: Aye, you're a real family man, aren't you?
Scrooge: I will have you know... Ring ring! (pretends that a phone is ringing) Ooh! Hey, hello! What? You're here? At Dismal Downs? Huh! What a surprise! Of course! I'll be right out.
Cuts back the entrance of the castle, where Scrooge is sneaking out. Cuts back into the dining room, where Scrooge's feet are shown and covered with mud. The camera zooms out, showing Launchpad, disguised as Donald and Scrooge smiling.
Scrooge: Mummy, Daddy, say hello to your great nephew and my beloved ward: Donald!
Downy and Fergus blink.
Launchpad: (Pretending to be Donald) Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy! Quack! (Scrooge facepalms)
Cuts back to the triplets as they continue through the tunnels including sliding openings, rats in old cells.
Huey: (Taking the note from Dewey) Penetrate the door by-fold (Triplets climb up a tunnel) with the only purest key of gold. Where do we find a- woah! (Jumps down and slips on the keys. Dewey grabs the note after Huey let go of it)
Dewey: Oh man! How we're gonna find one gold key in all this? Well good try everyone, you should head back, way to go.
Louie: (Resurfacing) Found it! (Is holding a key and examining it with a jeweler's lens.). Real gold weighs more than fool's gold, you search the bottom of the pile. You know, check the luster and the karat quality and boom, pure golden key.
Huey and Dewey stare at him.
Louie: What? You like nerd stuff, I like gold. Come on. (Opens door)
Huey and Louie enter first. Dewey pauses behind.
Dewey: How am I supposed to protect them from the truth if they keep helping me find it? (Runs to follow them, ghosts appear from the ground, with moans.)
Cuts back to the dining room, Fergus is disgusted how "Donald" eats. "Donald" eats food as Downy gives more.
Fergus: You look at now little... beefier, Donald.
Downy: Eating a lot these days, are you?
Launchpad (Donald)
Oh yeah, thanks to Mr. er... Uncle McD!
Scrooge is worried and shocked: Launchpad: ...He's a saint! Took me and the boys in, even let Donald... me park his... my houseboat in the pool! (Points at Scrooge) He's a real family man and my name isn't Launchpad Mc- Donald Duck, quack? (Blinks at Scrooge)
Scrooge laughs weakly while tapping at the table, looking quite concerned. Fergus leans forwards, looking unconvinced: Launchpad: (Spills a cup of water) Oh no! (Gets up and do random things, speaking gibberish) Grr!
Downy: Oh! There he is! (She and Fergus relax)
Launchpad (Donald)
(off screen) Quack! Quack: Scrooge smiles, relieved.
Fergus: Oh lad, of course you're confused, living (talking as Downy shakes her head) like an animal in Scrooge's yard (looks at Scrooge) for shame!
Scrooge: I take great care of my family!
Fergus: You avoid us like the plague!
Scrooge: (softly) Oh come on now, that's unfair... (angrily, loudly) to the plague!
Fergus: That's it! Go to your room!
Scrooge: I never lived here!
Fergus: Then pick the one furthest away from my line of sight!
Scrooge: Fine by me!
Scrooge and Fergus storming away in opposite directions, "Donald" comes out from hiding under the table.
Downy: More sheep's bladder?
Launchpad (Donald)
Hmm, yes. (Pulls out a plate)
Downy slides it into "Donald's" plate.
Scrooge: (Open and close the door angrily) Ugh! That man! Money, success, family. It's never enough! He'll never help me find the blasted treasure!
Webby moans while lying on the floor.
Scrooge: Heh, you're right! He never helped me before! Why start now? I'm Scrooge McDuck! I did everything else on my own! I'll find that treasure on my own! Good talk, Webby.
Webby: Squeals: Huey, Dewey, Louie are traveling down a staircase. As they turn a corner, green eyes appear in the dark. Huey gasps as they walk through a doorway.
Huey: The crypt of Clan McDuck! The final resting place of all our ancestors! But how do we know where's the right tomb?
Louie: (off screen) Uh, I may have found a clue!
Huey, Dewey run over to Louie, as the camera slides up shows the door labeled "Donald Duck".
Dewey: Has Uncle Donald been a ghost this whole time?
Louie: No, he gets hurt way too often to be a ghost.
Huey: Wait, the riddle was hidden on a portrait of Uncle Donald...
Dewey: Which means it was meant for him (tries to read the riddle but Louie takes it, to Dewey's annoyance.)
Louie: (reading) Face your fate, confront your doom. (Dewey takes back the note.) They wanted Uncle Donald to find his own grave! That is messed up!
Dewey: So.. what's in there?
Louie: Could be the treasure!
Dewey: Huh. (Huey and Louie push past him to try and open the door) Wait, wait, wait, what if there's something or someone we don't wanna find? L-Louie, aren't you scared?
Louie: Eh, greed beats fear every time. (Attempts to open the door)
(Dewey is worried, the door opens and Huey and Louie fall in.)
Huey: Huh, it's empty.
Camera to show a bag, which has a blue scarf.
Huey: Huh, just a beat-up old bag.
Dewey sees the label on the side of the bag which says: Property of D.Duck. He gasps.
The triplets gasp as a roar is heard. Dewey grabs the bag, the three boys run to the door to see what it is. A growl is heard, the demon dog walks in, chains rattling: Dewey: The Demon Dog of Castle McDuck!
The dog barks and runs toward the triplets, Huey shuts the door as the dog tries to break it down.
Huey: We need a distraction! (Looks over at Dewey and grabs the bag)
Dewey: Hey! Give it back!
Huey: (Opens the bag and grabs the scarf) Louie! Hold the door open, I'll set this scarf on fire and throw it out as decoy!
Dewey shakes his head as Huey brings the fire to the scarf. Dewey takes back the bag and scarf.
Dewey: No! You can't!
Huey: (angrily) What is wrong with you?!
Louie: Why you acting super weird?! This is the bad time to be weird!
Cuts back to the Dog, who is trying to bash down the door.
Dewey: Because it belongs to Mom!
Louie and Huey gasp. Cuts back to the hall of Castle McDuck, where Scrooge is present.
Scrooge: (feeling the walls while walking) Moldy Codger.. I don't care about family. He walked Whiskers, who loved Whiskers? (Knocks on a part of the wall that sounds hollow. Stops and knocks again, it makes a door-like sound. Scrooge feels around until he finds a button and presses it. The door opens.) Secret passage in the hallway. Nice try, Daddy!
(The door slowly reveals Fergus, Scrooge open his eyes and surprised.)
Fergus: I told you to stay in your room.
Scrooge: (Pushing past Fergus) I don't care what you have to say.
Fergus: (Scoffs) I wouldn't tell you where the Templar treasure is then.
Scrooge: I've never needed your help before, and I don't need it NOWWW! (falls down a trap)
Scrooge can be heard hitting the bottom and Fergus sighs.
Fergus: Kids. (Slides down into the trap after Scrooge.)
Back in the crypt, the Dog is attempting smash down the door by running at it. Triplets scream and Huey runs to hold the door.
Huey: How do you know this is Mom's?
Dewey: (Looking a bit sheepish) I've kinda been researching her on my own. A little! I just searched a forbidden library, crashed the Sunchaser, talked to the goddess Selene... okay.. You know, hearing it out loud, it comes off way worse than it sounded in my brain.
Huey: (Outraged) How could you keep this from us!?
Dewey: I was trying to protect you from a potentially devastating revelation.
The demon dog breaks down a piece of the door.
Huey: Or you just kept it to yourself so you could feel special! Classic Dewey! She's our mom!
Dewey: It's just... First, I didn't tell you tell you because I didn't want you to get hurt. Then I couldn't tell you because I found out all this stuff and I didn't want you to hurt me! I'm sorry, okay!?
Huey: You're only sorry because you got caught!
Dewey looks annoyed, then Huey and Dewey both look over at Louie. Louie is sitting on the ground very upset holding his mum's jacket. The torch goes out.
Dewey: Louie? You okay?
Louie: You kept a secret about Mom. (Looks up) That is not okay.
Dewey looks down, ashamed. Dog bashes the door down, throwing Huey back. The triplets scatter, end up hiding behind the same trunk before scattering again with the ghost dog chasing Dewey.
Scrooge and Fergus come around a corner in a different tunnel.
Fergus: Would you wait up, lad? My legs aren't so young anymore.
Scrooge: Nah-ha! If I'm right, under this moss is the tip of a Templar insignia. (Picks up a rock and starts scraping.)
Fergus: (Taking the rock) No, you have to go against the moss.
Scrooge: Just stop! I don't need you!
Fergus's face falls.
Scrooge: Everything I am, I earned through my own hard work. (Pulls out his Number One Dime) You never gave me anything!
Fergus: I gave you that.
Scrooge: (Rolls his eyes) My Number One Dime? Burt the ditch digger gave it to me. (Flashback to Scrooge as a child) Back in my shoe shine days, I worked for hours on Burt's boots. He paid me with an American dime.
Fergus: Who do you think gave him the dime?
Scrooge: (Recoiling) What?
Fergus: (Fade to flashback) Aye, I muddied his boots, and sent him your way.
Scrooge: Wait, what? But why!?
Fergus: We were poor, I couldn't provide for you myself, so I had to give you a different gift: self-reliance. Teaching you to work hard and fend for yourself so that you'd become the man you are now. But you learned that lesson so well, we hardly saw you again. If I'm hard on you, lad, it's because I miss you is all.
Scrooge: Oh Daddy, I miss you too.
Scrooge holds his arms out for a hug. Fergus mimics, and they walk towards each other. They both step on a trigger for a door. They enter a room which torches light up and there is a chest in the middle of the room on a stand. They approach the chest.
Fergus: (Putting a hand on Scrooge's shoulder) Let's finally open it together, eh?
Scrooge and Fergus: (Opening the chest) Bless me bagpipes.
In the chest is a single note. Fergus takes it out and reads it.
Fergus: (Reading) "Dear Fergus, looking for a hand out? Nice try, you lazy loafer. Keep searching for the treasure, sonny, maybe you'll actually learn how to save money if you have to earn it. Your Da, Dirty Dingus." (Looks up, outraged.) Loafer!? This was a decoy the whole time!? I cannot win with the old codger!!
Fergus throws the note on the ground and stomps on it. Scrooge smiles behind him.
Cut to Dewey running down a passage way.
Dewey: Huey! Louie! Where are you!? I should have told you! I'm sorry! I need your help!
The demon dog chases after Dewey, disturbing a coffin. Blue ghosts start to leak out of the coffin. The dog nearly catches Dewey, he shields his face.
Louie: Scram!
Huey: Shoo!
Louie: Back off!
Huey: Bad dog! Bad dog!
Huey and Louie are throwing sticks and rocks at the demon dog.
Louie: Do not fight me!
Huey: Bad dog! Not food! We're not food! Bad dog!
Dewey: You came back!
Louie: (Smirking) We're the Duck Boys!
Huey: Good or bad, what ever we do, we do it together!
The triplets take a stand and the ghosts form behind them. Ghosts and triplets shout together. The dog runs away.
Huey: Duck family, victorious!
Dewey: It worked!? It worked!
Louie: We gotta start doing that all the time!
Cut to Scrooge and Fergus walking up a passage way.
Fergus: Awk! Forget the treasure! Who needs treasure when we've got each other?
Scrooge and Fergus both burst out laughing.
Scrooge: Please, we're McDucks! But, what say next time I come back, we find it together!
Fergus: You got yourself a deal, Scroogie! (Shake hands)
Cut to the triplets emptying the bag.
Huey: Uncle Donald's hat! That must be the borrowed crown from the riddle!
Louie: So Mom took his hat, hid it, and the elaborate riddles in the catacombs and the deadly demon dog were-
Dewey: All just just an elaborate prank on Uncle Donald!?
Triplets burst out laughing.
Dewey: I should have told you from the beginning. Good or bad, we're all in this together. (Picks up the note) Well, I guess we're all starting from scratch.
Huey: Wait, did you rub a pencil over this?
Dewey: Buh?
Huey: Have I taught you nothing? Junior Woodchuck Rule 217: rub all documents with a pencil.
Pencil rub reveals the Spear of Selene, a rocket ship, and a date.
Dewey: (Gasps) The Spear of Selene! Now we know what it looks like!
Louie: (Pointing) Is that a date circled?
Huey: April 15th... guys, this is the week we were born!
Dewey: What does that mean?
Huey: We'll find out together.
Dewey: Oh, man, I gotta tell Webby! Ooh, by the way, Webby know too.
Huey: Come on!
Louie: Dude!
Dewey: I'm sorry! Total honesty from here on out!
Cut to family good byes on the front step of the castle. Louie and Dewey hug Downy. Scrooge hugs his parents. Downy leans down to Webby.
Downy: Are you sure there's nothing I could give you? Maybe some original family photographs? Or a leather bound volume of McDuck history? I'm probably just going to throw most of it away anyway.
Webby: Ah! I! Words! Can't! Augh!
Huey guides Webby to the Jeep.
Downy: Well, goodbye then. See you all in five years! (Waves)
Webby: (Snaps out of her stupor as they drive away) Who built this castle? What was Scrooge like as a kid? What was his favorite color? Game? Song? Food? Who designed the McDuck tartan? Who was- Nooo!!
End episode.