Episode Info: Transcript: Gallery: Clips: Inn manager: Five hundred years ago, Spanish explorer Ponce de León set out to find the Fabled Fountain of the Foreverglades said to grant youth to all who drink from it. The fountain may be a legend, but you can experience the rejuvenation of youth here at the Conquistador Inn where the years simply melt away.
Springbreaker: Spring Break! Woo!
Scrooge: Spring Break? Boo! Youth is wasted on the young.
Webby: Aw c'mon, Uncle Scrooge. I'm sure these teens have had a very difficult academic year and deserve to blow off steam.
Scrooge: At their age, I couldn't afford to blow off steam. I had to use it to turn my Uncle Porthole's steamboat because I had a job.
Louie: Wait, if you hate young people, why are we staying at a hotel full of them?
Scrooge: Because, it's near the last known location of the Fountain of the Foreverglades.
Huey: Which is the next missing mystery of Isabella Finch.
Scrooge: Also it was cheap.
Springbreaker: Spring Break!
Inn manager: Along with a great price, we offer a world-class spa and a crystal clear pool for the whole family, all surrounded by (sound of spring breakers screaming) casual elegance.
Webby: C'mon, let's go! That youth fountain ain't getting any younger!
Scrooge: Ach! My back is killing me. I need to ice it and prep for a morning start. Do not disturb me.
Huey: A free afternoon, eh? Luckily, I've scheduled it down to the minute.
Dewey: How? You just found out we had a free afternoon!
Scrooge: Good thinking, lad. Huey's in charge. He's oldest.
Dewey: We are triplets! Huey's always in charge.
Huey: We better change into our suits if we're going to fit in a swim before lunch.
Dewey: Stupid being second oldest.
Scrooge: Now for a little peace and... grr Kno-
Goldie: Knock it off, you pool-floatin' showboaters! (To Scrooge) Fancy meeting me here.
opening theme: Webby: Goldie O'Gilt!
Scrooge: No, no, no, no!
Goldie: Oh yes! Yes, yes, yes, yes!
Scrooge: What are you doing here, you savings swindling swine?
Goldie: Definitely not jumping your claim to the fountain before you.
Webby: But that's not... you... that's cheating!
Goldie: No I believe that's (mocking Scrooge) workin' smarter while you work harder, eh Scrooogey?
Scrooge: Without Finch's journal, you'll never find the...
Goldie: (presents the journal) Your nephew should really hold on to his hat. Now, hold on to yours. (shouting) The old guy's giving out free t-shirts!
Springbreaker: (shouting)
Scrooge: Unhand me! Ah! (runs while his suitcase opens and all his coats spill out)
Webby: What about the boys?
Scrooge: No time! If Goldie beats me to that fountain, I'll have to hear about it for the next hundred years!
Dewey: Why does being hatched three seconds earlier automatically make you in charge of everything?
Huey: Because the oldest is in charge, That's just how it goes.
Louie: Ugh! Guys, this is my one afternoon to Louie out at a luxury resort before we almost die in a swamp.
Dewey: I'm hitting the pool.
Huey: Woah, woah, woah. Pool's too busy now. We're scheduled to relax next to the pool.
Dewey: Nerp! Dewing it now! Spring break!
Springbreaker: Whoo!
Dewey: Gnah! Spring... break? (only manages to get a webbed toe wet) Aw, man...
Huey: If you're done, next on the schedule: relaxing.
Dewey: How about a vote? I vote no. Louie?
Louie: (snoring)
Webby: Hah! Take that, Goldie! We're gonna beat her. Uncle Scrooge?
Scrooge: (panting) (to Goldie) Bad knees? (throws back)
Goldie: Back problems?
Scrooge: Not so bad I can't best you, you AAHH!
Goldie: Getting old is a pain in the keister. Literally.
Webby: Should we take a time out, or...
Scrooge: I just need some water.
Goldie: (takes out a canteen) Ah, too bad you don't have any.
Scrooge: Grr.
Goldie: Oh please. I stole this water from the hotel fair and square.
Scrooge: Aye, but you stole that canteen from me on Oak Island in '73. Give it here!
Goldie: I took it as payback after that bridge snapped and you let me fall.
Scrooge: You cut the bridge.
Webby: You two have so much history.
Scrooge: Aye, full of betrayal.
Goldie: Why stop now? Ha!
Webby: Aw, so cute. I can't wait to get old.
Huey: And... relaxed. Right on schedule.
Louie: (yawns) Hm? (notices something different about Dewey)
Dewey: What are you guys staring at?
Louie: Dewey, are you taller?
Dewey: What? I must have hit a growth spurt.
Huey: Hm, that's crazy. You hatched after me.
Dewey: Well, Hubert. Maybe my egg was laid first, ergo vis-a-vis, it is I who am big brother now.
Huey: That's not how biology works.
Dewey: It is now, because big brother is in charge! I'll take that. Yoink!
Huey: Ah! curse my too short limbs!
Scrooge: How're your knees holding up? Ow!
Goldie: Better than your back.
Webby: The fountain is so close! Don't let her get under your skin!
Goldie: Yeah, don't let me get under your wrinkly old skin, Scroogey! Oh!
Scrooge: Ah! (both fall into the river)
Webby: Uncle Scrooge! And Goldie, too, I guess. Hup! Guh!
Scrooge: Bless me bagpipes!
Goldie: Great gobs of goblin spit!
Goldie and Scrooge: You're young! (laughing)
Scrooge: The stream must be fed by the Fountain of Youth! If we follow it, we'll find its source! Do you know what this means?
Goldie: Yep! Beating you will be so much easier now! Ha!
Scrooge: Ah ha ha ha!
Webby: Hey! Wait up! Wow! You are fast now!
FrankenJeeves: (growling)
John D Rockerduck: Finally, the fountain will be mine. Thus begins the revenge of John D Rockerduck. Ah ha ha ha ha ha! Now fan me.
Scrooge: Not so old now, am I?
Goldie: Not at all. I'd forgotten how almost attractive you used to be.
Scrooge: Really? Oh!
Goldie: Ha ha! Young Scrooge falling for the same old tricks.
Scrooge: Ha ha! It is on! I haven't felt this spry in ages!
Webby: What? No! Your cane is part of your mystique!
Scrooge: I love being Young! Whoo!
Webby: Wait! Come back!
Dewey: As your "big" brother, I'm obviously wiser. So, forget the schedule. Let's go nuts!
Huey: (gasp)
Dewey: Lunchtime! Since the spring breakers are in the pool, we'll eat before the... huh? ... rush?
Huey: Oh, weird. Old people eat early? In Florida? If only the big brother had done his research!
Dewey: Big brother eats first. Where did all these seniors come from anyway?
Inn manager: This hotel caters to the young, and to the young at heart.
Louie: (whispers) That's code for old people.
Inn manager: Now, who wants more gelatin?
Senior: Whoo! (coughing)
Louie: Hm.
Webby: Careful, you newly young whippersnappers, If you fall into this stream again, you could be young forever.
Goldie: (sarcastically) Oh no, what a terrible fate.
Webby: Just follow me. Easy...
Scrooge: Ugh! (swings a vine across the river) Ha ha ha ha!
Webby: What are you doing? That's dangerous!
Goldie: Who cares? Hah! I'm young and invincible! (vine breaks) AAHH!! (gasp) You... caught me.
Scrooge: Was I supposed to let you fall?
Goldie: You did on Oak Island.
Scrooge: I guess I'm not the man I used to be.
Webby: Ooh, you repellent reptilian rogue!
Scrooge: (stammering) We better be off.
Goldie: Yep, gotta find that fountain.
Webby: Ngah! (throws back) Ow, ow...
Dewey: Okay, I know we didn't get dessert and we had to rush through the spa treatments, but we have plenty of time to get our hair beaded. Best big brother ever!
Huey: If only we had some kind of list of times and events that told us what to do.
Dewey: Show some respect for your elder.
Huey: You're not the oldest, just the tallest!
Dewey: You're just jealous because I'm a better big brother than you.
Huey: Maybe if you had to deal with a middle brother like... you. You're the "Huey." Fine, then I'm the Dewey, and I wanna play.
Dewey: But, but the bead station closes in five minutes.
Huey: Who cares about the schedule, right? Let's "Hue" this. Hyah!
Louie goes to refill his drink while Huey and Dewey play ping-pong. He notices the inn manager filling up a canteen, and locking the door with a key, a padlock, and a combination lock.
Louie: Hm...
Webby: Alright, once we find that fountain, we'll log it into Finch's journal and then find a way to fix the two of you.
Scrooge: Fix us? We're right as rain.
Webby: What? I thought you hated young people. Besides, nobody stays young forever.
Goldie: Psst. Let's ditch Old Lady Vanderquack and stay young forever.
Scrooge: Ah, we can't leave Webby.
Webby: Nah! A mosquito stung my eye! Ah!
Goldie: We spent our whole lives at each other's throats, Scroogy. But what if we could do it all over again, knowing everything we know now, avoiding the same mistakes? This is our chance at a fresh start.
Scrooge: Youth is wasted on the young, but not on us! No, no no no, this is ridiculous. I'm proud of my age. Being old isn't so bad, right?
Webby: I'll get you, you noisome gnats! Curse me kilts. Ow!
Scrooge: Okay. Let's find that fountain.
Webby: Wait, where are you going?
Goldie: Were gonna be young forever! See you, geezer! (laughs)
Webby: Geezer? I'm still younger than you! Come back here, you irresponsible reprobates!
Scrooge: Ah, come on. Keep following the stream.
Goldie: But according to the journal, it should be right... (gasp) The Fountain of the Foreverglades!
Scrooge: Huh! I guess the fountain doesn't feed the river after all. But then how did we get younger?
Goldie: Who cares? Let's nab us some youth juice! (empties canteen on a dried-up plant)
FrankenJeeves: (growls)
Goldie: (gasp)
John D Rockerduck: Well, well, well. McDuck and O'Gilt. Once again there is nothing you possess that John D Rockerduck cannot take away. Jeeves, take it away from them.
Scrooge: John Rockerduck? I thought you died ages ago!
Goldie: How are you alive? You're so... soft!
John D Rockerduck: Millions of dollars in experimental freezing technology. While you two were staying young through (shudders) hard work, I paid good money for my youth.
Goldie: Hope you kept the receipt.
John D Rockerduck: Yes, well, I did say experimental, but the water in the fountain will finally restore my youthful vitality.
Scrooge: I gave this fellah a walloping a hundred years ago. Guess it's about time for another. (punches Jeeves) OW!
FrankenJeeves: (grows and punches Scrooge)
Goldie: Scroogey!
John D Rockerduck: Jeeves, bottle that youth tonic so that I might restore my vim and vigor.
FrankenJeeves: (growls)
John D Rockerduck: (stammers) Empty? Who took all my youth tonic?
Huey: Ugh! (bumps into inn manager who spills water on a plant) Oh, excuse me.
Inn manager: Think nothing of it.
Louie: (watching the plant shrink) Hmm. (notices the inn manager strike the same pose as the Ponce the León picture) Oh, that's It!
Huey and Dewey: What's what?
Louie: That's Ponce de León. He's been using the Fountain of Youth to turn young people old and keep the youth for himself. Just figured it out.
Inn manager: (slow clapping) I always said youth was wasted on the young. So, give my yours.
Huey: (quiver)
Kids: (groaning in fear)
Ponce de León: For a trio of disgusting children, you are abnormally clever.
Dewey: Well I'm technically a little older than-
Louie: More pressing matters, Dew.
Ponce de León: Years ago, I discovered the waters of the fountain didn't grant youth but rather transferred it. At first it was easy. Shove a crew member in, sap their youth, drink it up. But it got harder to lure people in. Nobody wants to follow a creepy old man into a swamp. So, I drained the fountain waters into the pool and opened this resort to ensnare simple-minded teens.
Huey: So... Dewey's not oldest. When he dipped his toe in the water, he supernaturally aged.
Dewey: Supernaturally oldest is still oldest!
Huey: Why are you telling us this?
Ponce de León: Heh heh, when I'm done with you, you'll be too old to remember any of it. Yah!
Goldie: If there's no fountain water, how did we de-age? Unless it wasn't the river that did it.
Scrooge: Ah! Little help here?
John D Rockerduck: Ha! Taste that supple Italian leather, pauper!
Scrooge: Ah! Ugh!
Goldie: Ah! What could it be? We didn't have any other water: Scrooge: Could you think a little faster, dear? I'm kind of in a bind here.
Goldie: (notices the rejuvenated flower and gasps) The canteen! The hotel water!
Scrooge: Goldie!
Goldie: Sorry, old habit!
Scrooge: Uwah!
FrankenJeeves: (growls)
Ponce de León: (desk bell rings) Oh, can't keep a customer waiting. This may be a trap for tourists, but it doesn't have to be a tourist trap.
The boys try to escape, but get caught in an inner tube.
Ponce de León: There! I'll steel your youth, then I'll charge you for the float rental! (laughs, locks the door, and laughs again)
Dewey: Don't worry, your big brother's got this. I'll bite a hole in this floatie and we'll make our escape. (gnawing)
Ponce de León: Checking in for spring break?
Scrooge: What did you do with the Fountain of Youth?
Ponce de León: What is it with kids figuring me out today?
Springbreaker: Oh no, I slept in! Spring break! Whoo!
Scrooge: Oh, the fountain water is in the pool!
Goldie: But where does it go?
Scrooge and Goldie watch as the swimmer ages in front of them. Ponce de León takes a sip from a canteen and his mane loses its gray color.
Ponce de León: (sips) Ah!
Goldie: Ew, gross! We drank nasty pool people juice?
Ponce de León: I filter it. After all, we are a five-star resort.
Ponce de León fights both Scrooge and Goldie and gets pinched by both of them.
Ponce de León: Now, now, I can see you two aren't normal teenagers. But perhaps you'd like to be... forever? Join me, and you too can benefit from the fountain's waters.
Goldie: A fresh start, Scroogie. You and me, forever.
Springbreaker: (groaning) What happened? I was just on spring break.
Scrooge: He's stealing youth, Goldie. I earned each wrinkle square. It's not fair to pawn them off on someone else. Not even a teenager.
Goldie: Scrooge.
Scrooge: What good is erasing past mistakes if we're just to make worse ones? I can't.
John D Rockerduck: But I can! (Jeeves empties the canteen into Rockerduck's bill) Ah, Ha ha ha! It worked! Ah, Rockerduck is back! (does a little dance) Lift me! (clicks heels) Now you must (gets punched by Scrooge) -AH!
Ponce de León: Pool rule number four: no running! This is my Fountain of Youth, and I'm not giving it up!
Goldie: (drops the sword and runs to the manager's office) Ah! Bingo! Should be enough water here to last me ages.
Dewey: (grunting) Almost got it.
Huey: A spring breaker!
Louie: The hotel owner's turning everyone old!
Huey: Save yourself!
Goldie: I always do. (attempts to leave but sees Louie looking defeated.)
Scrooge fights both Ponce de León and FrankenJeeves, but is quickly overpowered.
Goldie: Pick on someone your own age! (pushes the inner tube of the boys to the side)
Kids: Ugh!
Goldie: Down the hatch, ya big galoot! (forces the water bottle into Jeeves's mouth and kicks away Ponce de León)
Scrooge: You came back for me.
Goldie: Guess I'm not the woman I used to be.
FrankenJeeves: (reverts to an infant and coos.)
John D Rockerduck: Jeeves, attack! (Baby FrankenJeeves coos at John) Attack them!
FrankenJeeves: (cries)
John D Rockerduck: Bellyache and botheration. The bellows on that babe! Pipe down!
Rockerduck picks up infant Jeeves who stops crying.
John D Rockerduck: Man alive, are all infants this heavy or just the Frankenstein ones?
Ponce de León: You fools! You don't deserve eternal youth! Ah!
Scrooge and Goldie disarm Ponce de León in a coordinated attack.
Goldie: We may not be young forever.
Scrooge: But we can make the most of the time we've got. Give it up. There's nowhere else to go!
Goldie: (gasp)
Ponce de León falls into the pool and grabs Scrooge with him.
Scrooge: Ah!
Goldie: Scrooge!
Scrooge: (gasps for breath)
Goldie: Scrooge, you gotta get outta there!
Scrooge: I'm... trying... (gets pulled down by Ponce de León who starts to lose his fangs)
Goldie: (gasp) (dives in to save Scrooge. both emerge and pull themselves out.)
Scrooge: But... your fresh start.
Goldie: (sigh) A fresh start isn't worth it without you, you crazy old coot.
Ponce de León: No! My precious youth! (crumbles to dust)
Kids: Uwah! (floatie pops)
Dewey: Nailed it!
Louie: Oh man, someone's gonna need to clean that pool. (retches)
Springbreaker: Spring break!
Louie: That's the last of the youth water.
Webby: Eh, you young'uns don't appreciate what you have.
Dewey: Yes Webby, I appreciate my youth now. Huey, you are the big brother again.
Huey: I always was.
Dewey: (Drinks one drop of the water and shrinks down to previous height) Here you go, Webby. Your turn. You look terrible.
Webby: What? I didn't age. I just had a bad day! (pops back.) Ah, that's better. Hey, where's Goldie?
Scrooge: Probably off to find her next mark. You know Goldie.
Goldie: Hey, I wouldn't leave without saying goodbye... this time.
Goldie hands the journal back to Scrooge and kisses him.
Scrooge: Ah!
Goldie: Spring break!
Everyone: (cheering)