Episode Info: Transcript: Gallery: Clips: The episode commences with a shot of Scrooge comfortably carrying a tray of tea. He also has a newspaper under his arm. He enters the living room and stops walking. He kicks a computer hard drive aside, sets his tea tray down and sits down to read his newspaper, the Woolstreet Journal on which some read "Shearholders Rejected " and "Lorem Ipsum Stone finally translated".
Suddenly children yells are heard and Scrooge peaks his head out at the tv screen showing their copy of Legends of LegendQuest Dereznaroth. Scrooge's eye lids lift, and a split second after, the children including Lena and Violet fly through the TV screen with the Nightmare Beast peering out.
Lena: Back! Get back!
Dewey: You'll never take us alive.
Scrooge: Let me guess. You started playing this video-graphical game.
Huey: Legends of Legend Quest.
Scrooge: And then, someone made a wish around Lena, (Dewey raises his hand) and the game became real. Hup. What the-
Dewey: Uh, game over!
Louie: (off screen) Boo!
Lena: Ugh. This amulet is ruining my life.
Webby: It's okay, Lena. We'll just add playing video games to the list of things that trigger your magic.
Lena: Everything triggers my stupid magic. (Lena's amulet destroys list) (gasp)
Violet: Making a list.
Lena: Bad amulet! Bad!
Scrooge: (sigh) You kids should know by now that nothing good has ever come from magic.
Boys: Ugh. Uh-uh.
Scrooge: Hey, except you, Lena. You're one of the good... magical things I've dealt with. Yeah.
Lena: Hey I know I'm great, It's magic that's the problem.
Scrooge: I'll drink to-
Della: Hey, Uncle Scrooge? Real quick, there is a floating goat in your closet that needs your help?
Scrooge: The mystical kingdom of Goat'hool must be under attack again. Great, more magic. Again, no offense. Alright kids, time to head off into another realm.
Kids: Woo whoo, Yeah!
Lena: I'm pretty sure my stupid magic would just make the situation worse.
Webby: Oh. Well, if you don't want to go, neither do we, right Violet?
Violet: I suppose we could have just as much fun exploring the complex realm of interpersonal relationships.
Lena: (sigh) As if ruining my life wasn't bad enough, now you're ruining my friend's lives too.
Webby: Oh, don't listen to her. She just needs to learn how to control you better.
Lena: Or I could just rid of you.
Webby: (gasp) Lena, magic is an important part of who you are. You can't just throw it away.
Violet: Maybe we should just stop having sleepovers.
Webby: Maybe you should rethink that sentence.
Lena: Okay, I think were all tired. Come on, let's just go get some sleep before some crazy magical nonsense wakes us up again, and forces us to deal with it.
opening theme: A moaning sound is heard at the door.
Lena: Ugh, here we go again.
Webby: You're expecting vampires?
Violet: Statistically speaking, we're due.
Gladstone: Uncle Scrooge, I need you, ugh! (moaning)
Webby: Stand down, Violet, It's just Donald's lucky loafer of a cousin Gladstone.
Lena: Um, if he's so lucky, why is he crying?
Gladstone: Because the world is broken. (blows nose) It happened last night. I had just been given a ride by a jet who needed help breaking in his new stretch limo. I was feeling peckish, and a little drained. I found myself outside an all-you-can-eat shrimp buffet, and I screamed with joy because I love shrimp. I strolled inside to be named the one thousandth customer and awarded a free meal, but get this. No confetti or balloons? I asked for food, and you know what they asked for in return? Payment. I opened my wallet. It was empty. Not twenty dollar bill conveniently flew in either, so I had to go to a bank, but it was closed? Did you know things could be closed? So I went to the ATM around the corner and asked it for twenty dollars, and you know how much it gave me?
Lena: Twenty dollars?
Gladstone: Yeah. Not the usual accidental sack of rubies. That's when I knew something was up, and I needed Uncle Scrooge to fix it. Ugh, I had to "walk" here. It took hours. No one offered me a ride, no passing hang glider scooped me up, and not one gust of wind whimsically carried me. Is this what life is like for you people? Ugh, ow! Why weren't there pillows there?
Lena: Wow, I was expecting something more magical and less... pathetic.
Webby: (gasp) That came from Uncle Scrooge's room.
Gladstone: (panting) How do you guys do anything on the second floor?
Webby: The portal to Goat'hool!
A dark figure drains the portal of its energy.
All: Aaahhh!
Gladstone: Oh.
dark figure: You!
Webby: Huh, yah!
Webby damages the figure's glove.
Gladstone: Ahh! Ow!
dark figure: It wasn't enough.
Gladstone: Why?
Webby: Who was that? He closed the portal to Goat'hool.
Violet: And he went after Lena's magical amulet. Perhaps he attacked Gladstone because his luck is a type of magic as well.
Gladstone: Who would do this to me?
Violet: The Phantom Blot.
Lena: The Phantom what?
Violet: Any well-read student of the supernatural knows of the Phantom Blot. He's a thief. A magic hunter.
Webby: Wow, Violet. From one journaler to another, these drawings are amazing.
Violet: Indeed. Phantom Blot hates magic, and thinks it's dangerous. Wherever the Blot goes, all magic disappears, and now he's come for us. End of presentation.
Lena: Wait, if magic goes away, what happens to me?
Webby: He's trapped my family. He's coming for my best friend.
Violet: And once he fixes that glove, he'll be back.
Lena: Great, so once again, my life is in danger because magic.
Webby: We must protect you at all costs.
Gladstone: And more importantly, Gladstone.
Violet: The best magical defense is a good magical offense. We fight back.
Lena: But I can't control it.
Webby: Then we'll have to go to someone who can teach you how.
Lena: Oh no. No no nonononononono! No!
Phantom Blot: Must be stronger. There.
Pepper: Ahem, oh so sorry to bother you Mr. Blot. Oh, you're busy. I'll come back.
Lena: Ugh hah, as if asking for help from the person I hate the most wasn't bad enough, I have to walk through gross bog water to get to her.
Violet: There's also a high possibility of a swamp gator attack.
Webby: Oooh! (gasp)
Gladstone: Ugh, this bog is so deep. How did you know where to step? Ugh! Ugh!
Lena: I think this might be the place.
Violet: How can you tell? (knocks on door)
Magica: Hang on, hang on! Who's there?
Violet: It's Violet Saberwing?
Magica: Who?
Webby: She's with me, Webby Vanderquack?
Magica: Who?
Lena: It's Lena, your niece.
Magica: Lena! Give me the amulet!
Webby: She's very strong for a bog woman.
Magica: Give me back my amulet!
Lena: It's not yours. It's mine, and so are your stupid powers for all the good they do me.
Magica: Cool, then give them back. Mm, now you're susceptible to vampires! Muah ha ha ha haha! Now seriously, what do you want with me?
Lena: If it were up to me, I'd be as far from you as possible.
Magica: Already heard that one. Don't you have any new material? Perhaps something about how you're a disgrace to our family legacy, and a complete magical failure, so you've decided it's best to just give me my amulet?
Lena: Forget it. I don't need her or her dumb legacy. I'll face Phantom Blot and his stupid glove myself.
Magica: Phantom Blot? Inside, quickly. (closes door and reopens it.) What part of "quickly" don't you get? Decades ago before I had to deal with the likes of you, I used my magic to lord over a country village. One day, I grew tired of the many gifts the villagers offered me to keep me from destroying their village. So I destroyed their village. One of the survivors proclaimed to put an end to magic, and came after me like dozens before. But this one was different. He used various devices meant to steal my powers. Obviously he failed, but each time he got better, stronger. The last time we faced off, I barely escaped with my magic and my life. Any questions?
Gladstone: Um, yes. Gladstone Gander. When do you stop talking about whatever this is, and give me my luck back?
Magica: I can't.
Gladstone: Uh huh huh okay, Gladstone out.
Violet: That glove he's using must be some sort of magical draining device.
Lena: You really outdid yourself this time. Phantom Blot is after me because he thinks I'm you. Your magic isn't a legacy. It's a curse.
Magica: Sure, blame the witch. How original. You are a little shadow creature, and have no chance against him. Give me the amulet!
Violet: There is another option.
Webby: Come on Lena. Just ask her.
Magica: Ask me what?
Lena: I have nothing to say to her.
Webby: Lena says she has nothing to say-
Magica: Tell Lena, I'm glad because I'm not talking to her, and I'd never teach her how to defeat the Blot anyway.
Lena: I'm glad she won't help me use my powers to defeat Blot because I never asked her to.
Magica: Is that right? Well, tell Lena if she doesn't want my help, I want to hear it from her own pitiful lips.
Webby: Look, I don't like this any more than you do, but my family is missing. You could be gone next. And if you learn to control your powers, I know you can use them for good.
Lena: Ugh, fine. Will you train me to use my magic to defeat Blot?
Magica: It wont be easy. There will be trials, tribulations.
Lena: Well, if you think it's too hard, then.
Magica: No, no, no, no. Don't leave. I'll do it.
Gladstone: (crying) I've never had to use a doorknob before.
training montage: Webby and Violet: (laughing)
Magica: (mocking laughter) May I remind you that magic is not laughter and good times, or did you forget that a masked menace is coming to destroy us all while Scrooge is stuck in a trap not of my own making. If you're just going to goof around then give me the- Ahh!
Lena: Hey, why is the color of my magic blue sometimes?
Magica: It's the color of your personal magic signature. All sorcerers have one. Mine is a vastly superior malevolent purple. Here, I'll prove it. Give me the amulet.
Lena: You are exhausting, you know that?
Magica: Relax, it's all part of the training. Fine, if you don't trust me-
Lena, Violet, and Webby: We don't.
Magica: Then give the amulet to Pinky, over here.
Webby: We met several times.
Magica: Give her the amulet so she can try to blast you with it. If you've learned anything today, you'll block it.
Lena: But I can't do magic without it.
Magica: Oh, Lena, will you ever cease to be wrong? The amulet allows you to harness my magic, but unfortunately you have some of your own.
Webby: It's like I told you, Lena. You're made of magic.
Magica: You should be able to use your silly, disgusting, blue friendship magic to slightly divert my obviously-better-than-yours, evil, purple magic.
Webby: No, I could never hurt Len-
Violet: I'll do it. What? It's purely for academic purposes.
Magica: Ready? Blast her!
Lena: Ugh! Oof, ugh!
Magica: No, no, you lost. How unpredictable.
Lena: That wasn't fair. I wasn't ready.
Magica: Right, that's it. It wasn't because you're never focused.
Lena: Oh, I'm never focused. Guess I'll show you focused.
Magica: Yes, good. Now channel your hate for me and go!
Lena: Uagh! (fireball fizzles)
Magica: Oh, woof! Even the girl without magic did better than that: Violet: To be fair, I'm a quick study.
Webby: Being angry might work for Magica, but you're not her. You're good, so focus on good magical things like a unicorn, or the shiny silver beard of a wise old wizard. The classic fire of a phoenix, the sound of a child's laughter, crystal.
Lena: Okay, Webby, I got it. Thanks.
Lena: Uagh! (fireball fizzles again) Woah, come on Vi!
Webby: Boo! Bad form.
Violet: That wasn't me. You know I'd never breach duel protocol.
Gladstone: Ugh, oohhh.
Phantom Blot: De Spell!
Gladstone: I'm so sorry. (crying)
Lena: (gasp)
Phantom Blot: Your magic, and your menace end here, Witch!
Magica: Don't forget who you're dealing with, Blot. I am the sorceress of the shadows! Behold my power! Oohh! Ooh! Ah! So many colors, so much power! Ooh, will it ever end? Pick a card, any card!
Phantom Blot: You destroyed my village, and my family, and now I'll destroy you, and yours!
Violet: Lena! Catch!
Lena: Quick! Get his glove off!
Webby: This is for Lena! And this one's for my family! And this one's for Lena!
Violet: Stop saying who it's for, and get his glove!
Magica: Lena, make yourself useful!
Lena: Huh, ah! Hah!
Webby: Ngah! Hah! Ugh!
Phantom Blot: Ughah!
Magica: Delicious peanut brittle? Psyche. It's snakes!
Lena: No, now it's a snake!
Phantom Blot: Ow!
Webby: Go get reinforcements, little guy!
Violet: You can talk to snakes?
Webby: I hope so!
Phantom Blot: Ugh! Enough!
Magica: That all you got, punk?
Lena: (gasp) Vi, Webby, are you okay? Ah! Ah! Stop! Please! If you destroy this.
Phantom Blot: I destroy you!
Lena resists Phantom Blots drain and the amulet flies up in the air.
Lena: (gasp) Gladstone!
Gladstone: Huh? I got it. You can do this, Gladstone, succeed on your own merits. Ow! Ha hah! I did it!
Lena: Whew.
Gladstone: Better luck next time, Blotty, hah! Oh! Augh! (Turns into Donald Duck) No, ho ho! No! Oh no! Anything but this! (panting) Ugh!
Lena: (gasp)
Magica: No, my magic! and Lena. Concentrate on where the magic comes from.
flashback: Magica: I am the dark force at the core of all things. Did you think you turn out different than me? Lena couldn't be your friend because she was never real!
Webby: Forget her magic. Where does your magic come from?
flashback: Lena: you want to blow it up, don't you? pew!
Webby: pew pew pew pew!
Webby: Looks like someone's a hugger after all.
Webby: Best Friends!
Lena: Uagh! Uagh! Ah!
Phantom Blot: How is this possible?
Lena: Because our magic is the greatest magic of all.
Webby: Woo hoo!
Magica: Gross.
Phantom Blot: Then I'll take that magic and destroy it too. Uagh!
Lena: Augh!
Webby: Lena!
Violet: We're with you!
Lena: Grrr. (ascends into a new costume)
Phantom Blot: Ugh! Ugh! It's too... much... magic!
Lena: Hey Blot! You want magic? Well, here you go. Uagh!
Phantom Blot: Uagh!
Gladstone: Hey, twenty dollars, and another, and another! Ha ha ha.
Phantom Blot: Ugh! What?
Webby: (gasp) I "can" talk to snakes!
Phantom Blot: Ugh!
Lena: That's right! Not in my house! Or outside my shadow aunts mud-hut-looking house. The point is I win!
Webby and Violet: Huzzah! Woo hoo. Magic is back!
Magica: Yes, it is. Mwa ha ha ha ha! Thanks for returning my amulet, Lena. I'll treasure it always. Oh, it's good to be back. Now where was I? Ah yes, enacting some sweet revenge! Take notes, Nerds! Ugh! Excuse you?! I brought you into this world, you insufferable brat!
Lena: And I intend to protect it from people like you, thanks to your training.
Magica: You're welcome! But I didn't teach you this! Uah?! Uagh!
Gladstone: It appears magic is in the air.
Magica: Put me down! Ugagh! My staff! My staff! Ugh!
Lena: I'm not in your shadow anymore. This magic is my legacy now, and I'm gonna use it for good.
Webby: Looks like you're not the only sorceress in town anymore.
Girls: Woo hoo! Ha ha ha.
Dewey: How long were we gone?
Huey: Feels like a lifetime.
Louie: So, what did we miss?
Lena: Ah, not much.
Girls: Ha ha ha ha ha.