The episode opens with a zooming out view of St. Canard. Somewhere below the St. O'Malley's Kitten Orphanage, a masked villain places multiple bombs at the sewers, laughing evilly.
Masked Villain: So bad.
Just as he was about to leave the area... a loud poof was heard, and a purple smoke appears. As soon as the smoke dissipates, Darkwing Duck appears.
Darkwing Duck: I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the pebble in the penny loafer of depravity! I am...
Masked Villain: Darkwing Duck.
Darkwing Duck: Ah, so you've heard of me. Let's! Get! Dangerous!
However, as he tries to run towards the villain, he steps onto a couple of landmines.
Darkwing Duck: Ow! [steps another one and blows up] Dangerous? Aah! [steps another one and blows up] Dangerous...
As he steps on the last land mine, it sends Darkwing Duck flying and landed on top of the masked villain.
Darkwing Duck: Oh, my goodness.
He then regains his senses and holds the villain.
Darkwing Duck: Okay! You think a few very painful explosions can stop me? Now, let's see who you really are!
He pulls the masked villain's mask to see...
Darkwing Duck: Me?!
Cut to where it's part of a cartoon show with the note "To be concluded below" while it pauses. It seems that Jim Starling, the actor who plays Darkwing Duck was playing outside the parking lot for the opening ceremony of Siesta Rick's Sofa Fiesta shopping center: Jim: Whoa, what a twist!
Launchpad: What?! I never saw that coming!
Dewey: Wait, haven't you seen this episode?
Launchpad: Seventy-five times! But never in a parking lot.
Jim: Sadly, beloved TV show Darkwing Duck, starring me, Jim Starling, was canceled before we could end this story.
But there's no end to the savings at Siesta Rick's Sofa Fiesta!
Camera widen to show there's not many people appearing there.
Jim: [sighs] Let's! Get! [cuts the ribbon] Comfortable! Ha-ha! I'll be signing autographs for one and all! If one and all want one!
Unfortunately most of the crowd left the area much to Jim's displeased.
Jim: [mumbling] Buncha ingrates.
Dewey: You good?
Launchpad: Yep. Totally cool. Thanks for being here.
As a fan passes a poster for Jim to sign, Drake Mallard, a Darkwing Duck fan, stands beside Launchpad: Drake: [To himself] Okay, keep it together! "I am your biggest fan!" No. "I have modelled my entire life after yours." "I wanna keep you in a big jar in my closet!"
Launchpad: Calm down, buddy. Jim Starling's just a regular guy. I've been to plenty of these signings, and one day, I'm actually gonna meet him.
Drake: Wait. If you've seen him so many times, how come you've never talked to him?
Jim: Next!
Launchpad: Uhh.
Launchpad faints and collapsed onto Drake: Dewey: This is why.
(Theme song plays)
Jim: [on the phone] Look, I'm the one and only Darkwing Duck. I need a real gig. I'm bigger than sofa store openings. Eh I don't care that they sell recliners, too!
Drake clears his throat as Jim takes notice on him, groaning.
Drake: Mr. Starling, you have meant so much to me. I... I actually have a very important question for you.
Jim: [takes his poster] Great. Who do I make this out to?
Drake: Oh! Um, uh, I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the president of your fan club. I am...
Jim: [Interrupts him] Yeah, yeah. That'll be 15 bucks. Stay dangerous.
Jim takes his money and pass him back the poster. Drake leaves, unhappy until…
Jim: Waaaiiit!
Drake: [turns around happily] Uh, yes?
Jim: [Goes to Dewey, happily] A fresh-faced new fan! I knew the kids still loved me. [takes out and put his sunglasses on the table] Who do I make this out to?
Dewey pulls up the unconscious Launchpad onto the table, which Jim sighs in disappointment.
Jim: Oh, the fainter's back.
Dewey: He'd really appreciate it if you could sign his... [Jim signs onto Launchpad's beak[ ...poster?
[Dewey takes a picture of Jim, with a forced smiled, holding onto Launchpad with his phone camera. He writes on his phone "Launchpad looks sick but trust me, he is stoked. #Celebrity #IWasntAliveInThe90s #TimeToJumpOnRedliners". As he was about to write "#DarkwingDuck"...]
Dewey: "#DarkwingDuck"... Whoa! That's weird.
[Dewey clicks on the link and sees...]
Dewey: Darkwing Duck is trending number one worldwide.
Jim: What?! Gimme!
Jim intends to see it, but Dewey stops him while he reads it for him instead.
Dewey: It says here they're making a movie of Darkwing Duck!
Jim: They are? We am?!
Jim then stands onto Launchpad's back in joy. Drake on the other hand sees him in amazement as well.
Jim: Darkwing Duck is back, baby!
Launchpad: He is?!
This causes Launchpad to get up which causes Jim to fall onto Drake.
Launchpad: [turns around and points at Jim] It's him! Uhh: Launchpad faints again and falls onto both Jim and Drake while Dewey takes a picture of them. Cut to the streets where Launchpad is driving a limousine but keeps stopping for every second.
Dewey: Launchpad! Stop looking in the rear-view mirror.
Launchpad: Yup! Totally profesh. No problem [looks at the rear mirror to see Jim at the backseat.] Ohh: Launchpad faints again and the limousine stops... again,
Jim: [angrily] Hey! Fragile cargo, huh! [then changes to his cheerful tone] Back on top. Arriving on set for a big-shot movie in style. Thanks for the ride, fans.
Dewey: Wow. I am going to a real movie studio! Where larger-than-life big-screen legends are born!
Launchpad: And you get to ride there with a real-life movie star!
Dewey looks at Jim, who seems to have sweat on his armpits. Jim then take a sniff of one of his armpits.
Jim: Musky.
Dewey: Are we sure about this guy? Why wouldn't the studio send a car for him? Or, you know, tell him the movie exists?
Launchpad: They couldn't make a movie without him. Jim Starling is Darkwing Duck!
Jim: [Goes up front seat] Ya dang right he is, buddy! Heh.
Launchpad: [Gasps] I'm his buddy!
Launchpad faints again, only this time the limousine accelerate and crash onto the entrance of the movie studio.
Dewey: Oh, man. I hope whoever owns the studio isn't mad at... [looks at the signboard] Wait... What the?!
Turns out that said movie studio is called "McDuck Studio", where the logo of Scrooge McDuck also appears beside the signboard. Cut to inside one of the meeting rooms, Scrooge is discussing with Alistair Borswan, a film director.
Scrooge: Sorry, you need more money for?
Alistair: The grand finale of my film. leaning against a poster of 'Darkwing: First Darkness' movie A psychological examination of man's inhumanity to man!
Scrooge: Alistair, I haven't seen a movie since 1938. This studio was built to make cheap Office Safety Videos for my company.
The camera shows the other posters "Don't Eat the Toner", "Face the Fax" and "Emergency Evacuations: Save money first!". The first two displays someone fitting Donald Duck's description being the main character while the last poster shows Scrooge.]
Scrooge: You convinced me a "fun little action movie" would double my profits, but you're already over budget. If you want one penny more, I have to be consulted on all decisions.
Alistair: Stands up How dare you, sir? An artist's integrity!
Scrooge uses his cane to pushes Alistair back into his chair.
Scrooge: Splendid. The movie should be in colour. Colour’s all the rage these days. Oh! And the villain is going to need a moustache to twirl whenever he does something evil. Heh.
Just then Dewey kicks the meeting room door, pissed. He then takes one of the trophies, stands on one the table and confront Scrooge; he points the trophy at him.
Dewey: You have a movie studio that could fulfil a starry-eyed boy's cinematic dreams. Why didn't you tell me?!
Scrooge: [Unfazed] To avoid this exact conversation.
Dewey: Okay, yeah, no, I can see that.
As Launchpad enters the room, Jim switch off the lights.
Jim: I am the terror that flaps in the night. [Jim sneakily enters the room while appearing before Alistair] I am the comeback the audience demands! [appears before Alistair before Launchpad turns on the lights] I am [Jumps onto Alistair's chair armrest] a huge fan, Alistair Borswan! I mean, I've never actually seen your work, but you're British, so I'm sure that it's very classy, and yeah.
He gets off the chair while Alistair's creeped out.
Alistair: Uh, yes. And you are?
Jim: [Laughs] British and funny? Whoa! This feels like the beginning of a great creative partnership!
Launchpad: [Looks at the Darkwing Duck poster] Aw, cool! A big-budget reboot of the thing I loved as a kid! Those are always great!
Alistair moves his chair back hoping to move away from them but both Jim and Launchpad move nearer to him until he has no spaces to move.
Launchpad: Is Darkwing's motorcycle in it? Is he still a noble hero who gets back up and fights for right, no matter what evil throws at him? You're keeping the theme song, right?
Alistair: Would you like to see the trailer?
The scene changes where everyone's seated to see the trailer. Only Scrooge and Dewey were unamused on watching it.
Launchpad: Ooh! Aah!
As the movie starts, the logo of McDuck Pictures appear with purple smoke at the bottom corner of each sides.
Narrator: Within every man, there is a war.
The scene changes to the camera showing multiple dark buildings.
Narrator: Not of action, but of ideas.
Dewey: Ugh!
Narrator: There is no right or wrong. [which a man's scream was heard.] No heroes or villains. Only darkness.
The entire city shows a blackout. The scene then changes to the word 'DARKNESS' line before it changes again to people running away while a pearl necklace slowly drops to the ground.
Narrator: There is one man who can fight the darkness.
The scene changes to a silhouette of Darkwing Duck on one of the building towers.
Launchpad: Yeah! Here we go, baby!
Thunder was sound as it changes to...
Narrator: With more darkness.
... which comes out another line 'More Darkness.
Launchpad: What's this, now?
The scene changes to someone lighting a match and drops it. It soon shows a fiery symbol of 'DW'. Launchpad looks in horror while the scene changes again to people running out of the subway.
Man: It's the Dark-wing! Run!
The scene changes to a pearl necklace finally drops and break into pieces. The scene changes to Commissioner Haggard, a police dog who looks like Commissioner James Gordan, confronting Darkwing Duck on the rooftops.
Haggard: You can't just flap around in the night! You'll terrify people! It's too dangerous!
The scene changes to Darkwing Duck smiles as it soon changes to the title screen.
Narrator: Darkwing: First Darkness. This film not suitable for children.
As the scene disappears, the trailer ends. Alistair looks pleased, while looking at everyone's reactions while only Launchpad and Dewey are not too happy about it.
Launchpad: That is not Darkwing Duck! DW'd never hurt innocent people or set the city on fire. Not on purpose.
Alistair: But are we all not both the heroes and the villains of our own story?
Launchpad: What? I don't... What?!
Jim: Well, I kinda like it! Grim, gritty. Shows off my dark, smoldering side. Ooh! Ahh!
Dewey: I kinda hated it.
Alistair: What?!
Dewey: I didn't understand what was happening or what the bad guy was doing or even who the bad guy was.
Scrooge: [Slams his fists on the table] I knew he needed a moustache!
Dewey: It needs aliens! [Stands on the table] Oh! [Does a kick] Or ninjas! Or [Ss he mimes what he's doing] the streetwise sidekick who skateboards everywhere and talks in catchphrases, like ya Dewey!
Scrooge: This is your main audience. If this fiasco is gonna make money, it has to appeal to the most childish child I know.
Dewey's in charge.
Alistair: What?! No!
Dewey: Yes! Let's talk musical numbers! How many is not enough?
Just then Jim pushes Alistair's chair aside: Jim: Don't listen to these yahoos. We're making art! When do we start?
Alistair: Uh, we're almost finished, actually.
Jim: Ah. So, we're shooting the Darkwing scenes last.
Alistair: No.
Jim: Of course! I'll be put in with CGI! [Laughs]
Alistair: [Sighs] You are not playing Darkwing Duck. He is.
Alistair points at Drake Mallord who just enter the room with his drink.
Jim: [Confused] Huh?
Launchpad: [Points at Drake] You?!
Drake: Mr. Starling! [as Jim looks unamused] Uh, we met at the signing. You fell on me, remember? It was a huge honour; Uh, do you have any words of wisdom for the man stepping into your cape?
This causes Jim to raise his eyebrows. Snapped, Jim pounces onto Drake and beats him off-screen while both Alistair and Scrooge just stares at them.
Cut to outside, Jim is seen being thrown out from the building by a guard while Launchpad checks on him. Launchpad helps him up while Jim adjust himself.
Launchpad: That is not the Darkwing Duck I know and love!
Jim: Yeah! It's not me!
Launchpad: I wish there was some way we could show them how great the old...
Jim: Original.
Launchpad: Uh, original Darkwing is.
Jim: Hey, maybe there is.
Jim enters the limousine. He soon comes out wearing a Darkwing Duck costume through the roof.
Jim: Are you with me, sidekick?
Launchpad faints in joy. The scene changes where both Jim and Launchpad are hiding behind the bush while peeking at the entrance security guard.
Launchpad: Okay. What's the plan?
Jim: I break onto the set, you find this new hack actor's trailer, lock him up. I replace him in the finale, they see I'm obviously better, I'm back on top! Any questions?
Launchpad: Seven.
Jim: Pick the most important one.
Launchpad: "Breaking in," "locking up." Doesn't that sound not heroic?
Jim: When the chips are down and everyone's against him, what does Darkwing Duck do?
Launchpad: Get back up and fight for right.
Jim: And I'm Darkwing Duck, right?
Launchpad: Of course!
Just then a few security guards seem to take away the bush, which turns out to be a fake. Both men move aside.
Jim: I'll have to disguise myself to get past the guard. Luckily, I can disappear into any role.
While the entrance security guard is reading his newspaper, a purple smoke was fired while Jim appears in his courier outfit. However Jim's still wearing his Darkwing Duck costume inside.
Jim: I am the courier who delivers your...
Suddenly, the guard seems to spray his fire extinguisher at him. As he stops, Jim tries to grasp for air but he shots him again before he stops.
Guard: What production you delivering to?
Jim: Darkwing Duck.
Guard: Huh? Never heard of it.
Jim: What?! [Gets back up and confronts him] Remake of the popular TV show.
While both men are talking, Launchpad drives the limousine tied with bushes slam the entrance again. He then uses his grappling gun and goes over the building. He looks at the Scrooge logo and covers 'Scrooge's' eyes before he enters.
Jim: A superhero for the ages?
Guard: Oh! Like Gizmoduck.
Jim: No! Not like Gizmoduck! Like Gizmod - Darkwing Duck! "Let's get dangerous." Badaba! holds onto the guard’s shirt Is none of this ringing a bell, seriously?
Guard: uses his walkie talkie Uh, we got a situation. Requesting backup.
As Launchpad enters, he notices two guards heading towards the entrance, while Launchpad poses, pretending to be the signboard before he moves in. He then tries to sneak inside the trailer, badly, and then climbs up on the trailer to see if Drake's inside through the window. Sadly, the window opens and he falls into it.
Launchpad: Perfect. Now, I wait for that phony actor, lock the door, and us, the good guys, win. Totally heroic.
He tries to open the trailer door but...
Launchpad: It's already locked. The plan is falling apart. Help! I'm trapped in a prison of guilt!
Just then, Drake slams the door, knocking Launchpad from the inside.
Drake: Fear not, helpless... Oh, hey, it's you... I heard your cries, helps Launchpad back up and I freed you from my trailer? What… what are you doing in my trailer?
Launchpad: [Move behind the trailer door] Definitely not locking you in here to sabotage your movie... [Quickly locks the trailer door] buddy?
[Drake looks pissed and Launchpad makes a goofy smile and shrugs. Drake tries to attack him, but Launchpad catches him and tosses him into the trailer toilet.]
Launchpad: Aw, man. I'm sorry.
Unfortunately, Drake looks fine, with toilet paper rolls all over him.
Drake: You will be, villain!
Drake attack him with some good shots while Launchpad manages to block it while being pushed by Drake's attacks.
Launchpad: I've just gotta fix the movie to make Darkwing look like a hero!
Drake: Oh, so what, you're gonna hold me hostage? Yeah. Real heroic.
Launchpad decides to start punching Drake keeps avoiding him.
Launchpad: Sorry! Sorry! Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry!
Lauchpad notice a Darking Duck bottle, grabs it and intends to hit him until...
Drake: Wait, don't touch that!
Launchpad takes a closer look and the fight stops.
Launchpad: Whoa! A vintage Darkwing Duck Grim Avenger Grape Shampoo bottle?!
Launchpad place back the bottle and the fight resumes. Drake attacks him while Launchpad blocks. As soon Launchpad manages to catch him and tries to body slam him near the boxes, Drake quickly place both arms so he won't fall onto it.
Drake: Oh! My Darkwing Adventures comics! It's a complete run!
Both men move aside as they both fall. Launchpad gets up and he just realizes that Drake's trailer is filled with Darkwing Duck merchandise and posters. He then notices one item besides the table in joy.
Launchpad: Is that...
Launchpad and Drake: A hyper-rare Battle-Hat Darkwing Duck Action Figure!
Launchpad: I thought these were banned because they posed a blinding hazard for kids! May I?
Drake: Ah, a keen eye. I insist.
Launchpad hold it and touches it. The toy shoots its 'weapon' and shot onto Launchpad's right eye.
Launchpad: Ow! Cool!
Cut to the studio building outside, Jim is being chased by two security guards.
Cut to inside, Scrooge, Alistair and Dewey are still back in the meeting room.
Dewey: Gentlemen, thank you for coming to today's presentation.
Dewey force Alistair to wear some sort of purple shirt.
Alistair: What is this?
Dewey: Oh, you're in the "Splash Zone."
Alistair: Sir, you cannot expect me to hand over the finale of my grim, complex masterpiece to this child.
Scrooge: Filmmaking is a team effort! You've got to be open to new ideas.
Before Alistair gets to eat his popcorn, Dewey claps his board.
Dewey: The time: dusk. Neon! Drama! Those big lightning tower thingies! An epic showdown between Darkwing Duck and the villainous villain Megavolt!
Scrooge: Question.
Dewey: "Who has a moustache?"
Scrooge: Question rescinded.
Cut back to Drake's trailer, instead of fighting, it seems both Drake and Launchpad are playing with Drake's toys.
Drake: [Holding the Darkwing Duck action figure above the hot iron] Your pyro-pandemonium is passé, Hot Couture!
Launchpad: [Holding the Hot Couture action figure] Au contraire, Darkwing. I'm setting the fashion world on fire!
While he's moving the toy around, he accidentally knocks over the cup of water and spills onto a Darkwing Duck lunchbox.
Darke: Oh, no! [Gets up but accidentally drops the hot iron on top of his foot] Aah! [Tries to withstand the pain] Work through the pain. You got this.
He moves to the lunchbox, picks it up and tries to wipe off the water with his hands.
Launchpad: Oops. My bad. [Looks at the lunchbox] Hey, I had that same lunchbox as a kid.
Drake: Not like this one. Now, shocking as it may sound, I was not the coolest kid growing up.
Launchpad: What? No.
Drake: I know, right? But one day, I saw this show about this hero.
The scene changes like a comic script. The first panel shows young Drake wearing his Darkwing Duck outift, watching TV while eating his cereal. The second panel shows Darkwing Duck being shocked by, Megavolt while his other enemies, Bushroot, Quackerjack and Liquidator watch in amusement.
Drake: He was unstoppable. No matter how many times he was beat up or blown up or electrocuted.
The third panel shows Darkwing Duck in defeat while his nemesis surrounds him. But the fourth panel shows Darkwing Duck beating up his nemesis.
Launchpad: No matter how many planes he crashed or… or how much property damage he caused...
Drake: He always got back up and fought for what's right.
The fifth panel shows Young Drake holding his lunchbox and his toy gun. The sixth panel shows him stopped by a big bully, which in the following panel, the bully uses his lunchbox and slams his face.
Launchpad: So you got that lunchbox, everyone saw how cool you are, and they stopped beating you up!
Drake: Oh, no. They… they beat me up much harder.
The next panel shows the bully in joy of his doing, but this causes young drake to knocks him down in the next panel. The final panel shows young Drake's smile while the crowd are happy and laughing at the bully, who was taken down.
Drake: But I kept getting up.
The comic scene ends, where Drake looks at the lunchbox, which still has his imprint on it.
Drake: Look, I know this movie's not perfect. But I really want to make it better. Then, maybe I can be on the lunchbox that inspires some other kid like me. And a cut of the toy sales would be nice.
Launchpad: You are a true fan. We can save this movie! We gotta tell Mr. Starling.
Drake: Yeah, I... I don't know. He kind of wants to make me not alive anymore.
Launchpad: Get your cape. We're gonna save Darkwing Duck.
Cut to Jim still running away from the two security guards while he manages to hide behind a pile of woods in the alley. Just then the guards seem to meet each other behind Jim.
Guard 1
How hard can it be to find an idiot in a purple cape?
Just as the guards were about to go closer to Jim's location...
Dewey: Follow me, Darkwing Dance Crew. To stardom!
This gives Jim an idea and quickly blends in with the Darkwing Dance Crew who are walking behind Dewey. The guards take notice and follows him behind the crew.
Dancers: One, two, three, and four. Up and down and left and right. Left and right and up and down. Up and down and left and right. It's so easy, it's so right. Up and down and left and right. Up and down and left and right.
The first guard tries to look for Jim inside, but he was taken out.
Dancers: Left and right and up and down. Up and down and left and right.
As for the second guard, he was knocked out as well with Jim's swift chop from the back. Just as Jim moves the two guards aside, Dewey meets up with Launchpad.
Launchpad: Dewey, the actor playing Darkwing is a big fan, so Jim can give him pointers and help make him more heroic, and together, we're going to convince Borswan to fix the movie. Have you seen Jim?
Dewey: He might be on my set! They're letting me do whatever I want, and it's crazy and huge, and I don't even know if it's any good. Follow me!
Launchpad & Dewey: Making movies is fun!
While Dewey and Launchpad's party marches, Jim seems to find a storage room and tries to lock the door since he hid the guards inside. Until...
Drake: Mr. Starling! There you are.
Jim notice one of the guard’s arms and he blocks Drake's vision by standing behind it.
Drake: I am so sorry about everything. You helped me through a really rough time. Your heart is in my lunchbox. Come work on the movie with me. Together, we can inspire a new generation and make the best Darkwing Duck ever!
Drake offers a hand shake to Jim while Jim just stares at it.
Jim: Yes...[shake his hand with a sinister smile] I will.
Jim tosses Drake into the storage room. Drake tries to explain while Jim keeps slamming his face using the door.
Drake: Ow! Oh! Why? We! Fix movie. Together. Why?
Jim: [while trying to slam the door at him] Stupid. Movie star. Face. Get. In!
Jim finally closes the door after Drake seemingly knocks out.
Jim: SHOWTIME! [as he's now showing his evil crazy eyes look while doing his evil laugh.]
Cut to Stage 4, Alistair seems to stop his vehicle and enters the building. Alistair is in shock to see what Dewey has done. A few of the Darkwing Dance Crew are practicing, a Bane-like Megavolt actor is reading his script near the ray gun, a few explosives are seen. As a Darkwing Duck mascot pass by...
Alistair: What?! No, no, no, no, no, no!
Dewey: Easy, Matthew. as a piano is seen being pulled up. Don't want that baby out of tune for the big musical number.
Alistair: What did you do to my psychological masterpiece?
Dewey: I added chainsaw jugglers. You're welcome.
A chainsaw juggler passes by as a part of the spotlight falls near their feet.
Scrooge: I don't know about this.
Alistair: [Angerly in relieve] Thank you!
Scrooge: The villain's moustache has to be at least twice as twirly.
Alistair sighs as Jim enters while sitting at the 'Darkwing Duck' actor seat. Until Alistair appears without looking at Jim.
Alistair: Listen... Ignore all these distractions. Stick to our script. Darkwing confronts Megavolt, surrenders, then takes a knee.
Alistair leaves off-screen in anger.
Jim: Excuse me! I didn't work this hard to make a comeback just to lose a fight to that joker.
Launchpad: Oh! There you are! Did you find...
Jim: Uh, that actor kid? Yeah. Said I could film the finale.
Launchpad: He did?
Jim: Oh, yeah. Stubbed his toe really badly and just quit. Movie stars. [Gets up and points at Launchpad angrily] One little boo-boo and they fall apart.
He walks away from him while moving to the set, preparing for his scene.
Launchpad: That doesn't sound like him. And why are you saying things all...mean?
Alistair: And action!
The electric rods begins to start as the scene shows someone resembling Megavolt pointing his electric gun at Jim.
Actor Megavolt: You can't defeat me! I'm awesome! [As he powers up hid device] Surrender and do it now!
Dewey looks amused while Alistair doesn't seem to be pleased on his lines.
Jim: [Kneels] I've lost... [Then changes to a serious tone] ... the ability to surrender TO A TWO-BIT, TEN-WATT DIM BULB LIKE YOU!!!
Alistair: Wait. Who is that?
Dewey: Why isn't his robot face coming off?
Jim: Feast on this!
Jim kicks Actor Megavolt, which knocks him towards one of the electric rods, causing parts of the sparks to set fire backstage upon collapse. the Megavolt actor and the cameramen makes a run for it.
Alistair: QUICK! Cut!
Jim: NO CUTS!!!
Jim zaps near Alistair's feet just before Alistair was about to reach to the camera: Jim: JIM STARLING NEVER CUTS!!
Launchpad: Huh?
Jim: I'll film this finale if it kills me. And everyone on this roof!
Jim points the weapon at Alistair while Launchpad moves in front of Alistair to protect him. Until...
Drake: I am the terror that flaps in the night.
A shadowy figure appears above the set.
Drake: I am the overstuffed burrito that spills onto the lap of crime.
A purple smoke was fired and after it disappears, Drake shows up, in his new version of Darkwing Duck outfit.
Drake: I am… DARKWING DUCK!!!
Jim: NO, I AM!!!
Jim fires the gun at him while Drake jumps off, landing safely to the ground. He then avoids most Jim's attacks and tries to run away from it. Alistair, on the other hand keeps filming it.
Alistair: What is that idiot doing?
Scrooge: Drawing fire.
After a shot, all of the actors quickly make their exit out of the studio.
Scrooge: Get everyone out!
While Drake avoids Jim's shots, Drake manages to hide behind one of the crates while Launchpad's hiding as well. Just then the electric gun malfunctions while Jim keeps smacking at it.
Launchpad: We've gotta stop the flames!
Drake: I'll keep him distracted. You turn on the rain machine.
Drake points up as the camera shows where the rainmaker is.
Launchpad and Drake: Let's! Get! Dangerous!
Both looks at each other in joy.
Launchpad: This is so cool!
Drake: I know! It feels so right!
However, both takes a deep breath and begins to focus. While both goes to their designated position, Jim manages to plug it back, powering up the electric gun once again. Launchpad on the other hand heads upstairs and tries to crawl over to the rainmaker.
Drake: [Stands on top of one of the crates] Ha-ha!
Jim: What?! I knocked you out cold. Like, a lot!
Drake: I don't want to brag, but I'm incredibly strong and resilient.
Jim looks at where he was standing and notice it's a crate full of explosives. Jim evilly smiles on realizing it.
Jim: Oh, really?
Jim zaps at it and it causes to explode along with Drake.
Launchpad: Darkwing!
Dewey: No!
Jim evilly laughs in his attacks, but Drake seems to be fine... only to be covered in smoke.
Jim: Uh, what?
Drake falls onto the floor. He then tries to get up.
Drake: Get... back... up.
Jim looks at the piano and shoots the string, causing it to fall onto Drake when Drake runs towards him.
Launchpad: Darkwing!
Dewey: No!
But Drake seems to be alright, while a couple of piano keys falls off from his mouth. He shrugs himself and regain his senses, running towards Jim.
Jim: WHY WON'T YOU STAY DOWN!!!!?
Jim keeps shooting him while Drake keeps getting shocked. However, Drake keeps moving forward, while the electric gun seems to be overheating.
Drake: resisting Keep... getting... up...
Jim notices that the gun's gonna blow and moves away before it explodes. Soon both Darkwing Duck actors confront each other face to face as they begin to fight, while Launchpad begins to move forward to start the rainmaker.
Dewey: Uncle Scrooge, stop the bad guy!
Scrooge: Which is the bad guy?! If only one had a blasted moustache!
Both seems to be equally matched as they use any tactics they could use to take down the other. Just then Launchpad finally reaches the rainmaker and starts it. However, he pushes too hard until the water pushes him out of the railing he's been holding. While Drake's happy that the rainmaker has started and the fire on the set has been put out... suddenly Jim holds a chainsaw with his crazy eyes look.
Jim: Aah! Show's over, Dead Meat Duck.
Just then Launchpad falls between them and the electric rod.
Launchpad: STOP! You're not a villain. You're a hero. Our hero. No matter how hopeless things got, Darkwing Duck got back up and did what was right. For Darkwing Duck is bigger than one man. He is the hope that flaps in the night...
Scrooge: This may be the most eloquent Launchpad has ever been. :: Dewey: He knows a lot about this one thing.
Launchpad: ..But he is light. Just. And the most tenacious part of all good men...
Suddenly both Jim and Drake notice that the electric rod behind him is malfunctioning.
Drake: Um, Launchpad?
Launchpad: [ignores him] ...Inspiring the citizenry to rise to a new Promethean...
Jim: [Points his chainsaw at the electric rod over Launchpad's speech] Hey, dummy, it's about to blow! [Turns to Drake] You really can't stop him once he gets started.
Drake: Well, yeah. He's your biggest fan.
Jim soon realizes it and look at himself on the chainsaw's reflection, thinking on what he has done. He then drops the chainsaw.
Launchpad:: [Still continuing] ... one who subjugates his will. To the will of the common good. A daring duck of mystery. A champion of right. Who is the cunning mind behind that shadowy disguise?
Drake stands up on his feet and run towards Launchpad, followed by Jim.
Drake: I got ya!
Jim: No, I got him!
Drake tries to push Launchpad but Jim knocks both men aside. The electric rod begins to malfunction. Jim turns around in horror as it explodes. Both Drake and Launchpad are in shock as Drake falls onto his knees. Soon, firefighters begin to put out the fire while taking parts of the rubble away. Alistair and Dewey too try to move parts of the rubble away.
Alistair: That was the perfect end! A hero grappling with his dark id. In a cleansing rain!
Just then Alistair finds a USB drive.
Alistair: Here's the footage.
Alistair pushes the monitor near Scrooge and decides to play it using the USB drive he found. Dewey looks amazed on it. The scene shows a footage of Drake avoiding Jim's attack when the scene changes to Dewey dancing behind the green screen.
Alistair: No! Over the entire fight?
Dewey: [Happily] It's my masterpiece.
Scrooge: Well, this was a disaster. I'm shutting this down. There will never be a Darkwing Duck movie.
Scrooge walks away while Drake and Launchpad are forlorn by the chaos that has just occured.
Drake: Well, there's still no sign of Starling. The movie's ruined, I lost my big break, my hero tried to kill me, and, oh… I blew him up. [Moans] Oh, what am I gonna do now?
Launchpad: What Darkwing Duck always does: 'Get back up.' You know, you could do this for real.
Drake: What? Be a superhero? I mean sure, I'm scrappy, I'm brave, I look great in a cape.
Launchpad: Gizmoduck does it.
Drake: I am better than Gizmoduck.
Launchpad: It's one thing to play a hero. And it's another thing to actually be a hero. Do it for Jim.
Drake: I don't know... I This whole thing sounds like it could get...
Launchpad: Dangerous?
Drake looks in realization as he put back on his Darkwing Duck hat.
Launchpad: You already got one fan.
Launchpad holds a Darkwing Duck poster and pass him a pen. He did as he signs an autograph, revealing his name 'Drake Mallard'
Launchpad: "Drake Mallard." Never heard of ya.
The scene changes where part of Jim's costume was covered in water. However, by closer inspection, it turns out that it's actually purple colour water, which begins to dilute as it flows down into the drain. However, beneath the drain, it seems that Jim is alive, standing alone in the sewers, his back to the camera while his costume is still diluting a trail of purple water.
Jim: It was all a setup. That hack put my fan in danger to steal the glory and humiliate me. They want grim and gritty, huh? Happy to play the part.
Jim turns around, revealing his red hat and a yellow and black outfit; appearing as Negaduck before doing his evil laughter.