The episode begins with Huey talking, while we see a drawing of Mervana.
Huey: Mervana: A shining civilization until its people disappeared into the sea, never be found again. Until now! Solving the clues of Isabella Finch's journal, we'll finally be able to find one of her legendary missing mysteries: The Lost Harp of Mervana!
Dewey: Doesn't Uncle Scrooge usually make the long-winded treasure speeches?
Scrooge: Long-winded?
Webby: I like 'em!
Dewey: We know, ah we know.
Scrooge: This is Huey's quest. We're all here to support him. Yeah, go ahead, lad...
Huey clearing his voice and is about to begin to talk.
Scrooge: ...but ah lad, when the Mervanians disappeared into the sea the priceless harp of Mervana disappeared as well.
Huey: How did the Mervanians survive under the sea, you ask. well, Mervana was home to a mystical race of...
Scrooge: ...half-man half-fish creatures. Their legs could turn to fins under water...
Huey: ...allowing them to live...
Scrooge & Huey: ...by both land and sea! (laughing)
Huey: We find the Mervanians, document the harp in Finch's journal, and the missing mystery will no longer be missing!
Louie: Cool, now there's two people putting us in constant danger.
Webby: Half-person, half-fish, do you know what that is?
Della: Disgusting!
Beakley: Still afraid of sea life, I take it?
Della: I'm not afraid of fish, I'm just not a fan of anything made of fish parts! Slimy, wall-eyed, unnatural...
Donald: Hey! Turn around!
Louie: (sarcastically) Yeah, I can't wait to find a bunch of lost undersea monsters who definitely won't have a dark secret that almost gets us killed.
Webby: Why do you always assume the worst?
Louie: Because I have a running tally of the number of times each of us has been offered as a sacrifice.
Dewey: Dewey's on top!
Beakley: You could learn from her, Louie. I applaud Webby's positivity.
Webby: Aww, thanks, Granny.
Louie: Doh, please! Life is not some fairy tale filled with happy endings, and--
Webby: --MERMAIDS!!!
Everyone oohs and ahhs.
Scrooge: Ah've never seen anything more beautiful in all my life.
Intercom: ARMING TORPEDOES: All: Della, NO!
Cut to opening.
Webby: Hi, I'm Webby.
Aletheia: I am Aletheia. It means truth.
Vero: I am Vero. It also means truth.
Webby: So, speaking as a mermaid, What's it like to achieve my dream?
Aletheia: Breathe in and breathe out all your worries, my child. Here in Mervana, we are free of all suffering.
Scrooge: Yeah, phewww, nonsense. Suffering builds character, right Donald? See, he's full of character.
Dewey: You sure you don't want to come to this undersea adventure, Mom?
Della: I'm good here, honey. Away from the fiUUUHHH fiUUUHHH-- Aw, I can't even say it. ( sees a school of fish and gasps)
Webby: Whoh, look at this stuff. Isn't it neat? Ah!
Aletheia: In Mervana, we believe in finding your personal truth.
Scrooge: Uhgh.
Vero: But you must be self reliant and find it on your own.
Scrooge: Oh!
Aletheia: Once found, we give up all material possessions to live in peaceful harmony under the sea.
Scrooge: Uhgh.
Aletheia & Vero: Welcome to Mervana.
Aletheia: Many generations ago, our ancestors spent their time equally between the land and the sea.
Vero: Until our enlightened leader, King Honestus brought our people down here to escape the troubles of the land.
Louie: Right, and uh what happened to him?
Aletheia: One day he left to find his own truth and never returned. It's said he became one with the ocean.
Vero: We honor him by living our truth in the hopes that he shall return.
Aletheia: And those that are worthy can learn all the secrets of Mervana.
Louie: Something's fishy here.
Huey: So if we prove ourselves worthy, will we learn the secrets of the harp?
Donald: Anything you seek can be found here. (places hand on Donald's chest)
Donald: (slaps hand away) Phooey!
Vero: Yes, wonderful. Honesty is the first step to living truthfully.
Aletheia: You are on the right path.
Vero: I'll ready the drum circle!
Scrooge: I hate this.
Louie breaks from the group to look at some markings.
Webby: Wow! A laid back society where everything is free. This place is perfect for you.
Louie: It's TOO perfect.
Webby: Ugh, this again?
Louie: The king has a priceless harp. He mysteriously disappears and a bunch of monsters...
Webby: Mermaids.
Louie: ...who worship him, claim they never heard of the harp and set up what is clearly a sacrificial platform to feed him?
Webby: Oh come on, he's... smiling.
Louie: It's a trap, and take it down a notch, Beakley.
Beakley: I was just trying to drown out your nonsense, these hippies are harmless. I ought to know. I did some undercover work back in the sixties. Operation Flower-power was... groovy.
Webby: See? If even Granny isn't worried, we're fine.
Louie shows Webby the ominous markings.
Louie: They're hiding something, and I'm going to find that harp so that we can get out of here before we all get sacrificed by those mer-murderers.
Vero: It's time to make your ceremonial fins for arts and crafts hour.
Dewey: Dibs on all the blue markers!
Huey: Come on, Uncle Scrooge. If we prove ourselves worthy, the mervanans will share their secrets with us (cough) and the harp (cough) ahem, get into the spirit.
Scrooge: Fine, Lad. (goes over to draw something) I'm done. Look, here's a heart, a rainbow, and a fluffy doggy playing a harp. Speaking of such, where's yours?
Aletheia: This is not your truth.
Scrooge: Ughhhh. (throws marker into the water.)
Aletheia: Also, please don't throw toxic markers in our waters.
Scrooge: They're your markers!
Aletheia: Nuh uh, they're ALL our markers.
Scrooge: Ughhhhh...
Webby: For the record, I'm only coming along to prove the merpeople aren't liars and that Honestus cared about his kingdom.
Off-screen voice: (singing) No, no, no, King Honestus is fibbing, fibbing, fibbing.
Louie: Hah, see? Mysterious voice in the darkness gets it. There's something very wrong happening here. Follow that creepy song!
Webby: Ahh, see? This isn't a scary, dark cave of secrets. It's a beautiful castle made of coral and shells...
Louie: ...and the bones of the last people to come to Mervana.
Giant sea monster emerges and roars.
Louie: And we're next!
Louie and Webby screams.
Louie: I told you this was a trap.
Webby: Oh no no no no, this is a chase, not a trap.
Webby and Louie get cornered.
Webby: Okay, this is technically a dead end. Again, not a trap.
Beakley lassos them and lifts them up out of harm's way.
Louie: I've never been happier to see an adult.
Webby: Granny, what are you doing here?
Louie: Same thing we are: snooping.
Beakley: No, I was just... meditating.
Louie: About how these people are obviously hiding something?
Webby: Okay, let's be positive here. Maybe the noble mervanans think they're telling the truth and they just don't know.
Beakley: Yes, Webby, I'm sure that's it. This is all some wacky mix-up. We'll sort it out. Lead the way. (to Louie) Something is going on here but we can't tell Webby until we know what. That girl believes the best in people especially merpeople. If she finds out they're lying she'll be devastated.
Louie: And if she doesn't, she'll be fish food.
Beakley: Her optimism is her strength.
Louie: You can't hide the truth from her.
Beakley: I kept her in a mansion for a decade. That worked out pretty well.
Louie: What are you whispering about?
Beakley and Louie speak simultaneously.
Beakley: That we love you darling.
Louie: The plan. I mean we love you.
Webby: Aww you guys, I love you too.
Aletheia: Ahh, we may have just met, but this, Donald Duck, is your soul.
Donald: Namaste.
Dewey: I'm gonna go show these sweet racing fins off to Mom, and prove to her that fish can be awesome. Back in a flash, a flash, man, these are hard to get around in, (trips) and off I go.
Webby: I think the voice was coming from up here.
Louie: Uhh, stairs.
Della: (plays tic-tac-toe by herself) Yeah! (loses) No!! This is ridiculous. I should be out there with my family.
Dewey: Mom, Look at my super cool fins!
Della: (gags) I have no family.
Aletheia: Life is a journey, not a destination.
Vero: You are all worthy of the truth of Mervana, except you.
Scrooge: What?
Aletheia: Your negative and judgemental attitude is exactly what's stopping you from finding your inner truth.
Scrooge: I don't want inner truth. I want outer harp.
Aletheia: Until you all achieve your truth, you will not find the knowledge you seek. Scrooge, back to the arts and crafts section.
Louie: Uh, how come these temples never have escalators?
After climbing the stairs.
Louie: Uh, those stairs were a mess.
Harp: (singing) Correct! (talking) I told King Honestus we needed to repair them, but did he listen? No. He didn't want to hear the truth. (gets uncovered by Beakley) which is what (singing) I offer.
Webby: (gasp) Part harp, part lady, part mermaid? This is the most amazing whole thing I ever seen.
Harp: Aw, thank you. (singing) Correct!
Webby: Could you please tell Louie, here, that there is nothing sinister happening below the water?
Harp: Oh bless your heart, but no. I can't do that as that would be a lie, and I only tell the truth: a thing the merpeople used to value.
Beakley: So could you tell us the truth about what happened here?
Harp: Ahem, mi-mi-mi-mi-mi...
(singing)Once upon a time, it used to be,The merpeople were creatures of land and sea.Until the day Honestus became king,And I by his side hard truths I would sing.I agree hunting in the water is fun,But the truth is there's work on the land to be done,He just laughed and he ignored my cries say,
Honestus: What's that? I'm listening to bummer news, bae.
Harp: (singing)
Until the day I told my sleeping master,Hoarding from the truth has led to disaster,But he rolled is eyes and shook his head,
Honestus: Eh whatever brah, I'm going to find my own truth instead.
Harp: (singing)
The merpeople needed a leader, but he thought it was better to flee,So he ran from his kingdom, the truth, and me,He left me in this tower truth far from his ears,That night they became gills after all these years.For the longer the merpeople stay under the sea,The more monstrous their bodies grow to be.
Louie: Wait, the sea serpent we saw before was actually...
Beakley: King Honestus himself.
Harp: (singing) Correct!
Beakley: So you have no idea if the merpeople are going to feed us all to their monster king.
Harp: (singing) Correct!  (talking) No clue.
Louie: But they definitely are.
Webby: Granny, you don't think that's true, do you?
Beakley: Of course not, dear.
Harp: (singing) She's fibbing, fibbing, fibbing.
Beakley: That is to say even if they did know, I believe there's a little good in everyone.
Harp: (singing) She's fibbing, fibbing, fibbing.
Beakley: I believe people are trying to be good.
Harp: (singing) She's fibbing, fibbing, fibbing.
Beakley: What do you want me to say? That people often lie? That I don't think you should trust anyone, especially not a pack of mer-murder-maids? That I lie to my granddaughter?
Harp nods meekly.
Webby: Granny? You lie to me?
Beakley: Webby, dear, I don't want to lie.  I just want to protect you from the hard truth that in this world, not everyone means well.
Harp: Sorry, but (singing) Correct!
Louie: We got to get the harp down to the mervanans so we can find out the truth or we're all going to die.
Harp: (singing) Correct!
Louie: Oh man.
Aletheia: You may be outsiders, but your inner light shines bright among our truth.
Vero: Soon it will be the time for the sacrifice... of all of your worries.
Huey: Ultimate knowledge? A woodchuck's dream.
Scrooge: I was wrong.  So wrong. Please give me another chance to live truthfully.
Vero: Scrooge McDuck, are your ready to embrace the oneness of the many?
Scrooge: Yeah, that would be totally righteous.
Aletheia: Are you prepared to seek the truth within?
Scrooge: Hmm peace and love, follow your bliss.
Vero: Are you willing to give up all of your worldly possessions?
Scrooge: Hmm, sure you can have my money... when you pry it from my cold, dead hands!  I can't just ignore the hard work of the world for some far-out, touchy-feely love fest, dude.
Vero: Thank you, that is your truth.
Aletheia: Welcome home, fellow mervanans.
Scrooge: What, hey, yes, fine, well, good for me, now where is that harp?
Vero: We do not know, but one day Honestus will return and he will reveal all the secrets of Mervana.
Huey: Could that one day be today or later today?
Vero: Time is a construct.
Scrooge: (groans)
Della: C'mon, you're Della Duck. You can handle some fish for your family. Oh I said "fish" without gagging.  Oh I said it again.  (sees sea serpent in the water) AAHH!! (starts gagging and falls into the hatch)
Louie: Gotta get harp down, gotta save family, possibly sell harp later.
Harp: Hey!
Beakley: I'll handle this. You two go ahead and warn the family about Honestus.
Louie: Let's go Webby.  Let's go Webby.
Harp: Oh, you're very strong.
Beakley: Correct.
Louie: C'mon Webbs I need you to run.
Webby: Oh why? So we can continue to get by in a cold, dark world where mermaids and grandmas are liars, and good people don't exist? oh boy.
Louie: Is that what I sound like? oh boy.
Louie arrives at the entrance with Webby in tow.
Louie: The king is coming!
All cheer.
Louie: Don't cheer, we have to get away before they feed us to their monster king!
Aletheia: (gasp) We would never!
Vero: Yah, we're vegan.
Sea monster appears and causes havoc.
Scrooge: Alright you serpentine sovereign, now where is the harp?
Harp: (singing) Right here!
Huey: (gasps)I have so many questions.
Harp: (singing) Correct!
Scrooge: Ah, I canna' get out of these fins.
Harp: Also correct.
Dewey: Uncle Donald, it's time to use that famous anger of yours and save us.
Donald: Peace and love.
Dewey: Aw man, uh, you know your famous chili we say we love? It's just okay.
Vero: Our king returned and then he tried to eat us.
Aletheia: Our ideal world was a lie.
Webby: Join the club lady, we should all face the real truth that everything is terrible.
Louie: Hey, your ideal world is still possible.
Aletheia: Our ideal world led to a monster.
Webby: We're all monsters on the inside.
Vero: We are?  Get it out of me!(Swiping his tongue)
Louie: (slaps Vero) Stop! The king turned himself into a monster, but you're not him. You built a society based on truth, and the truth is you don't need Mervana to be good because Mervana isn't a place. It's, oh boy, it's in your heart.
Webby: Do you actually believe that, or is it just another con?
Louie: Somebody once told me you have to look for the best in people and not assume the worst.
Webby: That was me. Alright we need your inner truth to move from your hearts to your fists!
Scrooge: Where are those feckless flower children when you need them?
Aletheia: Your life lacks balance!
Vero: Welcome to Mervana!
Fight continues and monster roars.
Harp: (singing) They're over here! (to Beakley) What? He asked, and I had to answer with the truth. You know this!
Scrooge: We have to get out of here now.
Huey: Nowhere in the ocean is safe.
Louie: We got to jump out of this window and swim to the beach.
Harp: (singing) correc--
Dewey: Enough already.
Vero: Quick get on.
Everyone narrowly escapes and reaches the beach. Merpeople's tails turn to legs and promptly flop around.
Vero: New to the whole leg thing.
Sea monster reaches the beach.
Dewey: Ahh why does he look like that?
Webby: He stayed under for too long.
Della: Time to send this fish back to school! I did it! I touched a gross fish! Uhh, I touched a fish! (sniffs prosthetic leg and gags)
Sea monster reverts to King Honestus.
Honestus: No, it's too hard on land!
Harp: (sternly) You can't keep escaping your problems.  The only way to fix your fallen kingdom is to put in the hard work.
Honestus: But I don't wanna, please don't put me in charge anymore, seriously dude, it's so hard, I hated it.
Aletheia: Our society doesn't believe in labels like leader.
Vero: You don't have to do all the chores alone, brother. We'll all work together to rebuild Mervana.
Aletheia: And first we shall all conquer walking.
Harp: (singing) That is definitely going to collapse.
Vero: She's kind of harshing my vibe.
Beakley: She's not telling you hard truths to discourage you but to help you succeed. Maybe we should have a little faith in the truth.
Webby: Your world isn't perfect...
Louie: ...but it isn't all bad either.
Webby: It's all about balance.
Huey: Lost truth-telling harp: found.
Louie: And it's finally where it belongs.
Scrooge: Telling shiftless hippies to work hard and get a job? A harp after my own heart.
Webby: Hah, we don't need it anyway cause we're always honest with each other. Right Granny?
Beakley: (kisses Webby's forehead) I'm your grandmother, dear.  I have no secrets from you from here on out.
Harp: (singing) She's fibbing, fibbing, fibbing.