The Episode begins on Fort Duckburg, at the Cornelius Coot statue, where Mrs. Quackfaster are telling Huey, Dewey, Louie and Webby about Cornelius Coot.
Mrs. Quackfaster: The Legendary Cornelius Coot! Surrounded by his foes, he drew the storied sabre and fought the Beagles militia, ruthless like a ghost! His musket fire came from the confused Beagles, running for their lives, singly saved this very fort and that's the story how he started a little town called... uh, anyone?
Louie, Dewey, Huey, Webby: Duckburg!
Quackfaster: Coot stamped himself upon our history in a way few ever will.
Webby: We'll see about that.
Quackfaster: As a special treat today, Coot's descendant, Della Duck, will sky write the letter 'C' to commemorate him.
Dewey: Just a 'C'?
Louie: Uncle Scrooge charges by the letter.
Louie: I'm parched. You got any refreshments? Maybe some Pep?
Quackfaster: In this village, we only have traditional victuals, saltwater jerky, and raw buttermilk.
Dewey: Hey guys, check me out. I'm churning butter like Cornelius Coot. Churn baby, churn, yah ha ha, yeah. Yep, and I'm bored. This is, what's the word?
Louie: The most horrible place ever?
Dewey: Yes, exactly. Thank you.
Huey: This capotain isn't even itchy enough to be authentic. Let's see if we can fly with Mom.
Webby: Sure we could go, unless we want to uncover the greatest mystery your mom never solved.
Dewey: Woah, is that?
Webby: Della's old journal. She was searching for a top-secret family treasure from the non-McDuck side of your family. the Beagles weren't just after the fort, they were after the Golden Armory of Cornelius Coot. Untold treasure. Undiscovered history, Unparalleled adventure. Della couldn't crack it, but we can. (spits)
Ma Beagle: Not if I get there first.
Opening theme: Della: Ah, the perfect day. Just me, the open sky, the cloud slayer, and where's my plane?!
Launchpad: Right here, Ms. D.
Della: (gasp)
Launchpad: And there, and a bit over there. Don't worry, the sun chaser has been through way worse than this.
Della: It has?
Launchpad: Yeah, we've been through hundreds, maybe thousands of crashes together. If this old girl could talk.
Della: Grrr. (inhales) Listen, L.P. I need to fly over Fort Duckberg in t-minus three hours.
Launchpad: Don't worry. We can stitch this baby back together in no time. Just need to find Spinny Boy.
Della: Spinny Boy?
Launchpad: There he is.
Huey: Webby, most historians consider this stuff to be a myth. Coot was a ghost with a golden armory. He was everywhere at once. All myths.
Louie: Yeah, everyone and their mother went looking for that treasure.
Webby: Correction: everyone and "your" mother. We solved some big mysteries before, but this, this is the one that could make us legends!
Huey Dewey and Louie: (dodging shovel) Ah! Woah! (Louie gets hit) Hisss.
Ma Beagle: Everyone thinks that Coot is some big gang hero beating up sixty defenseless Beagles, but we're going to set things right, force the tour guide to give up the goods, and reclaim the treasure of Fort Beagleburg.
Big Time: Ma! Ma! (panting) Y'all forgot me at the junkyard. I chased you here. Must not have heard me yelling to slow down cause you rolled the windows up.
Ma Beagle: Ugh.
Big Time: wha.
Ma Beagle: Big Time, if the Beagle Boys Organization is gonna reclaim it's former glory, we're going to have to go in a different direction.
Big Time: (blinks)
Ma Beagle: A non-failure direction. You're a failure as a criminal, a Beagle, and a son.
Big Time: So, what are you trying to say?
Ma Beagle: You're no longer a member of the gang.
Big Time: Cause I'm more of a gang leader, right?
Ma Beagle: Ugh, come on boys, let's go grab us a tour guide. He'll figure it out eventually.
Huey: Nothing to see here. History is a living document. Archaeologists at work here, people.
Dewey: Alright, where do we dig?
Webby: It says here, "find the truth beneath the legend." Hmm.
Quackfaster: (gasp)
Dewey: That's it. I'm digging.
Louie: Oh! (sarcastic) Oh no, my delicious gloppy history treat.
Webby: Shh. Listen.
Huey: There's something under here.
Webby: Truth beneath the legend.
Quackfaster: mnnmm mmnmmnm! manmmnmm! bbmmm!
Ma Beagle: Ugh!
Big Time: (sip) That used to be me out there getting slapped by Ma. Innkeep, another buttermilk for which to drown my sorrows.
Quackfaster: It'll be a minute.
Big Time: S'alright. I's got nowhere to be.
Kids: Ungh! Rrgh! Ugh! Woah!
Webby: Told you. Now lets go!
Big Time: The Coot gold. The McDuck brats are gonna get it first. I got to tell... nobody. It's Big Time's time to make a name for himself. Innkeep, make that buttermilk for the road. Come on, come on, hurry up, hurry up!
Launchpad: I did it. I found a photo of what the plane is supposed to look like so we can piece it together. Let's start from the corners.
Della: Ugh.
Launchpad: Woah!
Della: Ew. Why is everything sticky?
Launchpad: I used to use superglue to assemble the plane, but it proved tricky. Now, I use gum.
Della: Ugh! Ah! Oof!
Launchpad: Ugh!
Della: So you like, don't know what you're doing at all?
Launchpad: When it comes to planes, everyone knows their own way.
Della: Is, is that a hamster wheel?
Launchpad: Yeah, well obviously a gerbil couldn't spin the propeller.
Louie: Cool. So, this is our tomb.
Webby: Alright, let's go! Everyone feel around.
Louie: Okay, rocky, ooh, stony, pebbly, woah oh! Pointy, metal, gold? Nope. Rusty shovel. Gross.
Webby: It's an arrow pointing ahead. We're on the right track. I'm coming for your treasure, Coot! Ugh! This wall, here, is not a wall. Coot must have made a decoy wall out of peat moss. Ingenious. All we have to do is push ever so slightly and-
Kids: Ahh!! Ahh! Oof!
Webby: Take that, moss wall.
Huey: (licks) Hmm, it doesn't taste mossy enough to be moss. What is that texture?
Louie: Just relax, Louie. Think of all the stuff you're going to buy with the treasure, okay? An empire brothers ottoman, case of imported Pep Superior, an emerald studded hoodie.
Dewey: (laughing)
Louie: Do not laugh in the face of my danger!
Dewey: I'm not. Huey's tickling me.
Huey: No I'm not.
Dewey: Yes, you-. Webby, turn your phone light on.
Webby: It is on.
Dewey: Well, I can't see a thing.
Webby: What? Oh, dear.
Kids: Aahh!
Huey: Bleh! Aahh!
Webby: (gasp)
Louie: (whispers) Help me.
Kids: Aaah!!!
Launchpad: Ah, she's smiling. Happy plane, happy flight. Ooh.
Della: Don't. Paint's still wet. Don't. I just detailed that. Don't. Because I, I don't want you near my plane at all. Sorry, it's not personal. It's just that. (hiss) You know you're a bad pilot, right? Not only in the sense that you crash every time you fly, he he he. Look, maybe with a couple of lessons.
Launchpad: That's it. I can be your co-pilot.
Della: What? Noooo.
Launchpad: I should learn from the best, right?
Della: How do I say yes without agreeing to this?
Launchpad: Yeah, best teacher ever!
Della: Oh no, don't do that. Don't, ugh, get on the plane.
Launchpad: Hmm hmm hmm hmm.
Della: (sigh)
Webby: Hup hup hup hup. Nice try, Coot, but you'll never break us.
Louie: Ugh, uhgh, so many legs everywhere. Ugh, I want to go home. Yahh, ehnn, ahh!
Webby: Huh? Aw.
Louie: Hey, is it me, or does she seem a little more "Webby" than usual?
Dewey: This is starting to feel less like a fun adventure thing and more like a-
Huey: "Dangerous obsession that kills us all" thing? Maybe we should head back.
Dewey: Yeah, this adventure's a bust.
Webby: You know, Dewey, we should go. No sense getting distracted by riding this amazing mine cart.
Dewey: I'm sorry, mine cart? This is the ultimate. Everybody in. We ride to Coot's gold!
Big Time: Aaahhh! Ha ha hah spiders! Ha ha gah! Ugh!
Webby: Big Time? The Beagles are after the treasure again. Quit repeating yourself, history, you rascal. Let's roll!
Kids: Woah!
Big Time: Huh, gnah.
Webby and Dewey: Hup, gngh. (panting)
Della: Okay, lesson one. You've got your altimeter, tachometer.
Launchpad: And don't forget the point-a-meter.
Della: The what?
Launchpad: The point-a-meter tells you how many points you earned. My high score is 5000.
Della: That's the airspeed indicator. You've gone 5000 miles? Why don't you just, heh heh, stare out of the window to make sure we're still in the air?
Launchpad: No prob. Still in the air, still in the air, wait, still in the air.
Webby: Ugh, ooh, the mine cart chase adventure for the ages.
Big Time: Ah, ugh, ugh.
Della: Ooh, ooh, ugh. Why is this stupid seat so loose?
Launchpad: So you can talk to the people behind you. It reassures the passengers when you look into their eyes while you crash.
Della: Yeah, yeah. Running light okay. Get to fort to celebrate ancestor. Just me, the open sky, and-
Launchpad: You seem tense. Shh. Just relax. Turn your mind off. Just gaze at the clouds. Nothing matters.
Della: Everything matters! It's six tons of metal in the air that I just had to completely reassemble! Just sit over there, and don't distract me!
Launchpad: Still in the air.
Webby: Yes! We made it!
Louie: (yawn) Oh man, are we still here? Ugh, I had this amazing dream that we weren't.
Huey: What happened to Big Time?
Webby: He must have gotten caught in that spider infested tunnel.
Huey: Gross.
Louie: Why are there so many spider tunnels?
Webby: Huey, look. What is this? A relic? One of Coot's old weapons? Proof of the legendary myths?
Huey: An old rusty scythe.
Webby: Or a marker pointing this way? (gasp) Guys, we're almost where your mom's journal entries end. A few more steps, and we have made it farther than anyone. If we solve this, we can be as incredible as she is, or as Coot was.
Dewey: Listen Webby. I don't think we should.
Webby: Perfect. Don't think. Let's go!
Kids: Webby, don't!
Webby: "Cornelius Coot Arms." This is it, the Golden Armory.
Louie: Treasure.
Dewey: Adventure.
Huey: Historical accuracy.
Kids: (gasp) Ah! Ooh! Woo hoo, ahh!
Webby: We uncovered the legend. Proven we're worthy. We did what nobody else could do. We found-
Louie: Bleh, corn?
Webby: What? No, no no no no I. Maybe the treasure is beneath the corn. Or, uh, maybe there's a further riddle, and you have to find the golden scythe of corn, or.
Huey: It's a blueprint. Coot's very own system for storing corn. Those weren't mine carts. They were corn carts. And those markers we found along the way were just farm tools.
Dewey: So, Coot was just a boring non-adventuring farmer?
Louie: And his treasure was dirty, smelly corn? Worst treasure hunt ever!
Huey: Sorry, Webby. It's over. Let's go home.
Webby: No no no no no. I know there's more to this. It's, it's Coot's final test. If it's not real, then how did he save the fort? How did he stop the Beagles?
Ma Beagle: And how are you gonna get out of this alive?
Webby: Yeah! Oh.
Ma Beagle: Coots, Ducks, McDucks. You make yourself out to be heroes, but you're all frauds and cheats. So we followed that idiot Big Time while he followed you.
Webby: We'll never tell you the secret of Coot's loot.
Louie: The treasure's corn. It's in there. Knock yourself out.
Webby: Yeah exactly. There's absolutely no gold. No gold, whatsoever. (panting)
Huey: No, there really isn't-
Webby: Yes there is.
Ma Beagle: Never already. Ain't one of you fools bad enough to be a Beagle?
Della: Woo, let's see how she sky writes. (coughing) What's going on?
Launchpad: Must be the hose you repaired in the smoke pump.
Della: What?
Launchpad: I usually just block it a little with gum, so that the smoke can still vent. Ah, but what do I know?
Della: I, I can't see. We're going to crash!
Launchpad: Crash? I'm on it.
Della: Aahh!
Webby: Ugh, oohf, aah!
All: Ahh, oof.
Della: Ah, you madman! We almost died, (panting) but we didn't. (panting) Weird.
Webby: Della!
Della: Kids!
Louie: The Beagle Boys!
Della: Hup hup hup.
Huey: Um, did you just become the hero of this adventure by accident?
Dewey: Leave it to Mom to make the lamest adventure ever awesome.
Louie: Go Mom!
Della: I thought you were at the fort.
Louie: Webby led us down here, and wait, where is she?
Della: You guys stay here, and stay safe. I'll find her.
Louie: We are never going to get out of here.
Big Time: You got that right.
Kids: (gasp)
Ma Beagle: Ah, spiders! Big Time?
Big Time: Nope, made a name for myself, Ma. I'm Bug Time, now. Heh heh heh heh heh, hiss heh heh he he heh hiss hiss.
All: Ugh ugh ahh!
Webby: There's got to be treasure here, or a clue, or something.
Della: Oh, easy, Webby.
Webby: No, Stop. I can do it myself.
Della: Woah, my old journal? Webby, what's going on here?
Webby: I've gone on some adventures, but look at everything you did by the time you were my age. I could never stack up to the legend of you, but maybe if I could solve the one mystery you couldn't, the Golden Armory of Cornelious Coot. except that it's just corn. Corn! I dragged the boys all the way down here to find... corn. I, I accomplished... corn. I'm an imposter, just like Coot. He was no hero, and I'm no Della Duck.
Della: But you did accomplish something. You made it farther than anyone else has. You don't have to be me. You just have to be Webby. And you have your own way of doing things that is unique, and special. You don't have to prove yourself to anyone, and oh boy. I should really apologize to Launchapd.
corn starts popping: Webby: (gasp) Coot was like a ghost, he was everywhere, and nowhere. His musket fire came from all directions.
Della: What?
Webby: This "was" Coot's armory. He turned his corn into popcorn, and convinced the Beagles that he was an entire army. He beat them using his wits.
Della: Wow, I guess he was a hero in his own way.
Ma Beagle: Keep them away! Ah, Big Time, you moron. Have you lost your durn blasted mind?
Bug Time: You see how she talks to me, Turantu-Ma?
Tarantu-Ma: (screeching)
Bug Time: But I got no need to impress her. She could watch as we grab the loot. We're gonna succeed where the Beagle Boys failed.. nobody can stop the Buggle Boys!
Bouncer: (gasp) It's Coot's ghost army back to get us all.
Huey: Wow, the myths are true.
Della: Hup, get to the plane.
Dewey: What is that?
Webby: The Golden Armory of Cornelius Coot.
Bug Time: (gasp) Go!
Ma Beagle: Ahh! Ahh! Ahh!
Big Time: Quit your bellyaching, and hold your breath! Ahh!
Della: We can't back up. There's no way out, unless we... (sigh) Launchpad, do your thing.
Launchpad: (gasp) Nibbles, give me a boost. Everyone relax, we're about to crash.
Della: That actually is comforting.
Beagle Boys: (coughing)
Ma Beagle: Fine, you're back in the gang.
Bug Time: Oh, really Ma?
Ma Beagle: Ah, don't get mushy. Gugh, I got old popcorn stuck in my teeth.
Bug Time: Don't worry, Ma. Them's just spider eggs.
Ma Beagle: (gagging) Aah!
Dewey: And as we burst out of that mountain heroically, I knew my name would go down in history. Dewford Turbo Coot.
Huey: And Coot used the farm tools as arrows to point the way.
Louie: Come get your commemorative Coot popcorn here. It's buttery, and historical. Get it before it's lost to time. Coot's buttery popcorn.
Webby: Well, you finally got to solve the mystery of Cornelius Coot's Golden Armory.
Della: No, we did. (spits)
Launchpad: Hmm, need less spiders.