Episode Info: Transcript: Gallery: Clips: Huey: This is it. One night, every house in town, and we'll score enough to last us all year. Suit up! Blathering blatherskite, I love Halloween. The pageantry, the mischievous pranks, and of course the trick-or-treating. Yep, this will be the best Halloween ever.
Webby: So says I, Balor, demon king of the evil eye. The evil eye curse that plagued seventeenth century Europe?
Dewey: Hm?
Webby: The roots of Halloween, a day to disguise yourself to trick the demons or appease them with sweet treat offerings. A celebration of fear and conquering that fear.
Dewey: I'm a pirate on vacation.
Webby: You're supposed to blend in with the monsters by wearing scary costumes.
Louie: (wearing his usual green hoodie) There's nothing scary about tonight.
Huey: What are you supposed to be?
Louie: (puts on Huey's red cap and mocks him) "Nuh, Junior Woodchuck rule nine million, duh." Halloween is about candy and only candy.
Huey: You are a lazy costumer. Quit stretching my hat!
Louie: We have the same head! Forget the leg work, I've got a plan that'll make us candy billionaires. Nothing is going to scare me- (lights turn off suddenly)
Scrooge: (emerging from a jack-o-lantern wearing a skeleton costume) Uwah! Leave this house!
Kids: Ahhh!
Scrooge: (lifts mask) Cause there will be no Halloween handouts here. (claps lights back on.)
opening theme with Halloween variant: Scrooge: This house is closed for Halloween.
Della: Aw, but we were gonna do a haunted house.
Donald: I want to give out candy for trick-or-treaters.
Della: And I wanted to scare those trick-or-treaters so that they'd never close their eyes again.
Scrooge: Then go bother Launchpad. I'm going guising. Back in Glasgow, this was the one night a year I could eat sweets like a rich man's son. Through sheer hard work, I earned more treats than all the kids in town, and every year I aim to reclaim that glory.
Huey: Enough chit-chat. Move out.
Scrooge: Ahem.
Donald: But what if kids stop here for candy?
Scrooge: (lays out an empty bowl) Oh no! It appears someone has taken all the candy already, but who? It's a spooky Halloween mystery. Ooh hoo hoo hoo.
Della: Phooey!
Donald: Ah, Launchpad's house will be fun.
Della: Ew boy, Launchpad's house. Cheesy movies, handing out candy, not terrifying kids... in a fun way.
Huey: First up, Rockerduck Estates for the big bars and candy corn relay. Then down to Silverbeak for the haunted hayride spooktacular. And I've scheduled bathroom breaks, so just... hold it till we get to Mrs. Clopax. Great bathroom, freshly tiled.
Louie: Or, we could go to one place, and get all the candy you could ever want.
Dewey: (gasp) We're going to a candy store?
Louie: No, it's night time. Candy stores are closed.
Dewey: We're gonna rob a candy store?
Louie: Buh, no. We're going... to Hazel House, the most haunted house in town.
Donald: What the... Launchpad?
Della: He couldn't have crashed all of these in one night.
Launchpad: Oh, No! Stay away!
Della and Donald: Aahh! (Donald starts choking on candy)
Launchpad: What? You two? Hurry, get in here before the next group arrives.
Della: Look at the authenticity, the detail, this will scare any kid. I was wrong. Launchpad is a pro. Tonight's gonna be horrifying. (slaps Donald on the back which relieves his choking.)
Louie: Ahem, legend says, long ago, the house was hastily built on a gateway between the living and the dead. Every treater who dares to enter disappears along with their candy... candy... candy... Which means there's years worth of free candy inside.
Dewey: Yar, a treasure fit for a relaxed buccaneer.
Louie: One last sweet score, and we will never have to trick-or-treat again. Candy... for... life.
Huey: Nice story, but I've never even heard of this place. We want to trick-or-treat, not chase some phony myth from a phony Huey.
Louie: If it is just a myth then no harm in getting to the truth. Junior Woodchuck rule 60-whatever: go- in- that- house- now!
Webby: A chance to test my costume, and mingle with monsters? I must go!
Dewey: With my cut, I can finally open that 24-hour candy store I've been dreaming about since ten minutes ago.
Huey: Guys, wait! (sigh) (imitates Gizmoduck) "Activate elbow grease." Hrnn! Ugh!
Louie tries the door and the knob falls off.
Huey: (sarcasm) Oh, no, we'll never get in, now. Time to move on. This place is clearly... (door open on its own) abandoned?
Louie: The bigger the trick, the sweeter the treat. Trademark Louie Duck- I mean Junior Woodchuck rule 3- uh!
Huey pushes Louie out of the way and the kids enter the house.
Louie: There's candy around here somewhere, keep your eyes peeled. woo yah! (trips on a candy wrapper) There, that door. come on guys, we have a ghost butler. We have faced all kinds of monsters. What's going to scare us here? Nothing, so... Go for it, Dewey.
Dewey opens the door, takes a deep breath, and goes inside.
Louie: No scream, great.
Webby: Hyuh!
Louie: Nothing scary in there at... all, uh boy. Focus on what's important. Let's find candy.
Huey: You mean "Let's find Dewey?"
Louie: Uh yeah yeah yeah him too. (whispering) candy for life.
Huey: We should be at Miss Swineson's bobbing for apples. You know, fun times, not grim, traumatizing times.
Dewey: Over here, guys.
Webby: Dewey?
Dewey: I found it, the mother-lode. It's all here.
Louie: Dewey? What are you doing?
Dewey: Nothing.
Kids: Aahh!
Dewey: Why? What are you doing?
Huey: If you're here, who's that?
Dewey puppet: No... escape.
Kids: Aahh!
puppets: (laughing)
Kids: Aahh!
Louie: Yuh!
Puppet master: (laughing)
Kids: Aahh!
puppets: Ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha!
Kids: Aahh!
Louie: (panting) Candy for life, Candy for life, Candy for life.
Dewey puppet: Candy for death!
Louie: Don't you turn my motto back on me!
Della: So what kind of haunted house we running? Gas station of horrors. Years ago, torched in an accident, we are what remains. L.P. is the evil mechanic, I'm your demonic helper, Donald, you're the victim.
Launchpad: Shh. they're coming.
Della: Okay, I love the commitment. We'll wing it.
Kids: Ah!
Launchpad: Ah-ah! Back to your sulfur pits, oh demon spawn!
Kids: Aahh!
Launchpad: (panting)
Della: Uh, boo?
Donald: Happy Halloween!
Della: Okay, L.P. Maybe don't come in so hot next time? Give us a chance to-
Launchpad: Every year, they come.
Della: Uh, yeah. Every October 31st.
Launchpad: They come for you too? No! No, no, no! This whole night is my fault.
Donald: Uh...
Della: What do you think is going on here?
Launchpad: Come with me, and I'll reveal my tale.
Huey: We need to find a way out!
Louie: No, not yet! Try all the doors!
Demonic Clown: Argh! (bike horn)
Dewey: Aahh!
The kids try every door which holds a different monster.
Webby: Ah! It is I, Balor, the dark lord! To attack me, my fiends, is to attack one of your own!
Monsters: Huh? (growls)
Webby: Our costumes didn't trick them.
Louie: Huh? Candy! Over there, the last door! It can't be any worse than in here!
Webby: (gasp)
Huey: Why would you ever say that?
Launchpad: (grunting) The Hungries, that's what I call them. The soul-sucking ghouls that... haunt our streets on this night.
Della: You mean trick-or-treaters?
Launchpad: It all started long ago. I was out, you know, being a kid. I had some trouble with my trikey. I was totally lost on the wrong side of town, and there was this house. It was old, smelly, but oddly welcoming. I went inside to call for help. I didn't find a phone, but I did find an ancient scroll. The words were strange and unfamiliar. When I read it aloud, everything changed. It was suddenly night time, and pint-sized demons everywhere, every type you could imagine, smiling and laughing. Breaking into people's homes, stealing their souls to put in pillowcases.
Donald: No, they're getting candy.
Launchpad: Yes, joyful souls are the candy of the beasts. Beasts that I freed onto our world. I've spent every October 31st since hiding out in a bunker.
Della: So, to be clear, you think this night is a monster curse that you unleashed on Duckberg as a child?
Launchpad: Yes.
Della: Awesome! I'm In!
Donald: What?!
Launchpad: Uh! Another Hungrie!
Della: This is perfect! Real scares! The kids will think it's real, because Launchpad thinks it's real. A Halloween they'll never forget.
Donald: Because they will be traumatized!
Della: Traumatized in the most wholesome way possible! I love this holiday!
Donald: No! I can't let you do it!
Della: But I must! Urgh! Quit it! Quit it!
Donald: Think about the children!
Della: I am! I want to scare them!
Donald: Uh!
Scrooge: Trick or treat!
Launchpad: Go away!
Scrooge: I said trick or treat!
Launchpad: Neither!
Scrooge: Candy hoarder, eh? You won't stop the Guileful Guiser of Glasgow.
Launchpad: They're breaking in! They're getting even bolder!
Della and Donald: (fighting)
Launchpad: I won't let you hurt my friends! Ah! Aahh!!
Scrooge: Ugh!
Huey: Okay, we made it through the house, and with enough time to get to Mr. Houndenheimer's for-
Louie: But, the legend. Where was the candy stash? I've gotta go back in.
Huey: (imitating Gizmoduck) "Halt, citizen." Let's forget about this half-baked scheme. If we leave now, we can still pick up the back half of the trick-or-treat trail.
Louie: Last time I checked, we were a family of treasure-seeking adventurers. Why stop now? Cause this house isn't on your precious map? Well, I'm putting it on there. Give it to me!
Huey: Hyah!
Louie and Huey: (fighting)
Dewey and Webby: (gasp)
Louie: (reads Huey's map) Hey, "Hazel House, fabled candy fortune here. Stay away." You knew about this?
Huey: No! Okay, fine, yes.
Louie: You told us it was fake! You tried to get us to avoid it! What, were you planning on hoarding all the candy for yourself?
Huey: It's not like that, I swear.
Louie: You always do this, with the lists and the schedules.
Dewey: Ah!
Huey: Do what? trying to keep us on track? I just wanted to have a traditional Halloween.
Webby: Hey, hey, Let's not spoil tonight.
Dewey: Ahoy? Starboard side?
Kids: Huh? (looks to their right)
Dewey: Sorry, I mean port side?
Well woman: No... escape...
Kids: Ahh!
Demonic Clown: Ha ha ha ha!
Kids: Aahh!
Puppet master: Ha ha ha!
Kids: Aahh!
Demonic Clown: Ha ha ha ha!
Webby: We need to appease them. It's tradition.
Huey: There's nothing to appease them with, cause we followed Louie's dumb plan! None of us have candy!
Well woman: (lifts hair) No candy?
Demonic Clown: (removes mask revealing a wareduck) What do you mean, no candy?
Well womam: Back to one, everybody.
Puppet master: (without mask showing his bat-like features) On to the next. I'll be in my coffin.
Frankenstein: (grunting and reattaching his limbs.)
Launchpad: Aah!
Scrooge: What the...
Launchpad: Ugh!
Scrooge: Gah! The spoils!
Launchpad: Ugh! Ugh!
Scrooge: Ah! Let me out of here! Ugh! Ow! Ugh, oooohh...
Launchpad: It won't ever stop. They'll just keep coming for me. For my family. I started this, now it's time I finish it. I need to go back to where it all began.
Della: Ugh, come on, Donald, a little scare never hurt anyone!
Kids: (giggling) Aahh!!
Launchpad: I'll end this, even if I have to take all these tiny demons out one by one!
Della: Oh no, he's going to hurt everyone! Now is not the time to decide who was wrong about what. We've gotta stop him!
Scrooge: (grunting) Hah!
Frankenstein: Ngh! Ungh!
Louie: Gross.
Webby: Actual monsters? Then surely you must recognize Balor, the demon king. Lord of blight and smite.
Monster: (shrugs)
Wereduck: (sniffing) Hm, pirate on vacation?
Dewey: Arr.
Wereduck: Nice.
Webby: (groans)
Huey: Who are you people?
Louie: More importantly, where are you hiding the candy?!
Witch Hazel: You brats are supposed to bring the offering. Candy's the only good reason to celebrate this holiday that is, frankly, pretty offensive to monsters.
Nosferatu: So for centuries, we tricked kids into coming here for scares so terrifying they drop their sweets.
Dewey: So you're like, candy thieves?
Nosferatu: Hey! Can't go out in the daylight. Not like there's some 24-hour candy story somewhere.
Dewey: That's what I've been saying!
Webby: Monsters? Treats? Appeasements? The legends are true! Kinda.
Huey: But why the extra costumes? You're already monsters.
Wereduck: Kids today don't appreciate the classics. You're scared of like random kid stuff. Puppets, clowns, little girls in wells. What is wrong with you guys?
Frankenstein: Frankenstein think it stem from latent fear of being perceived as childish and regressing to place where you no longer in control,
Witch Hazel: Ah, who cares? It's midnight. Trick-or-treating's over, and we wasted the night on these candiless fleshbags.
Huey: I missed it. I missed Halloween.
Louie: Huey? So we made a mistake. At least we're still alive. We met some real-life monsters. That's a... that's a cool thing, right?
Huey: Back on the houseboat, Halloween was our biggest adventure every year. We'd suit up, face the unknown, search for the best candy. Sure, it was just neighborhood trick-or-treating, but it was ours.
Louie: I was just trying to get us a lifetime supply of candy, and... that is the problem.
Huey: I don't want this to be our last Halloween.
Louie: Junior Woodchuck Rule 99: who cares about the candy?
Frankenstein: We do! Rrgh!
Louie and Huey: Aahh!
Nosferatu: We monsters need our sweets. Our appeasements.
Wereduck: No more (howls) tricks.
Witch Hazel: You owe us treats, and we don't scare so easy.
Dewey: Uh, Webby, what happened when the Celtics ran out of treats to appease the demons with?
Webby: Usually they fed on children! Oh dear.
Dewey: Ah! another one!
Nosferatu: That's not one of ours.
Launchpad: This ends now, demons. Aahh!!!
Nosferatu: Aahh!
Launchpad: Monsters! Uh uh, ooh!
Witch Hazel: Ahh! RUN FOR IT!!
Monsters: (panting)
Della: Launchpad?
Wereduck: Agh! Creepy twins!
Donald: Hey! Have you seen our friend, Launchpad?
Wereduck: What is that horrible garbled moaning? He's possessed.
Donald: Oh, hey Launchpad.
Launchpad: Ugh! Ugh! (steps on Dewey puppet) What have you done to Dewey?!
Monsters: (yelping) Uh oh!
Scrooge: Trick... or... treat!
Monsters: Ah!
Della: Easy, Launchpad. You have it all wrong!
Launchpad: Ahh!!
Scrooge: Uagh!
Launchpad: (gasp) The sacred text. Monosodium glutamate, sucralose, polysorbate, blue 52...
Donald: Uh.
Launchpad: Fructose, corn syrup, artificial flavoring!
Scrooge: Kids? What in Samhain is happening here?
Monsters: (laughing)
Witch Hazel: That was terrifying! Bravo, you black-hearted devil! Ha ha ha!
Nosferatu: I haven't felt so undead in centuries.
Launchpad: Uh.
Frankenstein: We... learn... from you.
Wereduck: Evil mechanic is the real master of Halloween.
Launchpad: Hallow-what? I read the scroll! How are you still here?!
Della: Yeah, he doesn't know what Halloween is.
Louie: Well, Gizmo-dork, shall we show him?
Huey: There is one house that I know hasn't given out any treats yet.
Launchpad: So you're saying tonight's a holiday where you dress up in a fun costume and then go door-to-door with your friends, and get free candy?
Louie: Yes, Launchpad. This is Halloween.
Kid 1
Whoa, that costume is sick!
Kid 2
That's so cool!
Wereduck: You heard? Old Man McDuck's giving away full candy bars!
Webby: Wow, Uncle Scrooge. Finally opening up your gates for Halloween, feeling the true spirit of the holiday. You're charging them admission, aren't you?
Scrooge: And, we're open all night. Dewey's idea.
Dewey: An all-night candy store. Yar! It be a Halloween miracle!
Webby: Spirit appeased!
Launchpad: I love Hallowoon!
Huey: Close enough, pal. Close enough.