Episode Info: Transcript: Gallery: Clips: transcript: [The episode begins with Huey talking at McDuck Mansion]
Huey: Now here's the amazing part. The vascular cambium displays three distinct growth rings the exact same distance apart. Factoring out drop deformities, this tree Scrooge found experienced three leap years in a row!
Dewey: You dragged me out of the bath for this? What are you doing now?
Huey: Tasting for resin samples. They can- OW splinter.
Dewey: I said, don't interrupt me unless something "exciting" happens.
Huey: What's more exciting than dendrochronology?
Dewey: Ghouls, goblins, time paradoxes, daring quests that will cement our names in history, you get the idea.
Tin can on a desk: Brring, Brring, Brrring. Answer me please. Brrring.
Scrooge: What are you kids doing mucking about in my office?
Huey: Ah, see, the vascular cambium displays-
Dewey: More importantly, your can is ringing.
Scrooge: Tatter me tartan. Do not answer that. Ugh, that can is your cousin Fethry calling from a top-secret deep sea laboratory.
Dewey: Top-secret?
Huey: Deep sea laboratory?
Scrooge: Don't get too excited. Fethery's a bit, well he's uh-
Donald: Is coo coo bananas.
Scrooge: Best to ignore it. Every time we get a call from Fethry, we rush down there just to go on some fool's errand wrapped up in an needlessly dangerous adventure with some rumbling lectures-
Donald: That make no sense-
Scrooge: And avoiding that mega tsunami-
Donald: And the explosions-
Scrooge: All to see a barnacle formation in the shape of a tractor or some such nonsense.
Donald: Big waste of time.
Fethry: Brrring, brrring, adventure calling. I've made a bolder discovery.
Huey and Dewey: Aahhh! Best time waste ever!
Huey: Wait, did we just steal a sub?
opening theme: Huey: The treacherous high seas. The abyss. The big blue.
Launchpad: I call it the underwater sky.
Huey: The Mid-atlantic Ridge is the longest ocean mountain range in the world. Home to-
Dewey: Forbidden beasts of the deep.
Huey: And our very own cousin is the scientist exploring it all.
Dewey: Perhaps we'll discover a bold new species they'll name after me. "Deweybiggus Magnificus." No, no, no, wait. "The Great Blue Dewfin."
Launchpad: Mmmm..
Dewey: Meh, more thinking it. How about "The Dewfish?"
Huey: There's already a dewfish. commonly known as the fresh water catfish.
Dewey: Ew, gross, no. Gotta fix that and give the name to something cooler.
Scrooge: Launchpad?! Did you steal the sub-
Dewey: Oops, look it's broken. Look at that. Radio came right up. Hubert, write that down. Good thing Uncle Scrooge asked us to do this totally non suspicious trip to test the equipment.
Launchpad: You bet. Could you imagine if that had happened when we were in actual danger? Anyway, do you want me to pull up next to the rusty haunted lighthouse, or... what you want me do?
Dewey: Good start to an adventure. I'm liking this.
Fethry: Hey, up here. It's me, from the can. Come on up.
Huey: Alright, let's go meet a genius.
Female voice: Launchpad. Oh Launchpad.
Launchpad: Oceanika? Is that you, my love?
Huey: Cousin Fethry?
Dewey: What the.
Fethry: WARNING! Never drink sea water! Tempting as it is, it'll just make you thirstier. Hurray little Donalds, you are here.
Huey: Were you performing some kind of experiment on the effect of gravity on sponges?
Fethry: Well I was just decompressing from all the deep sea pressure on the uh... what's that thing that does all the thinking... BRAIN! I'm Fethry. Your Uncle Donald's favorite cousin.
Huey: Yeah, he sends his love.
Dewey: So why the decoy?
Fethry: Decoy? Oh Arturo! He's just here to scare pirates.
Dewey: Do you get pirates here a lot?
Fethry: Never. He's that good.
Dewey: Huh.
Fethry: We haven't had an outsider in the lab in years. Great to see you. I like your hat.
Dewey: So, did you have a big discovery to show us? Perhaps something big and awesome in need of a big awesome name.
Fethry: You want to see something? I mean really see something?
Huey: Uh, yes?
Fethry: Then follow me, eager minds, to liquid space, the silent habitat.
Dewey: (gasp)
Fethry: Dive! Dive! Presenting man's niftiest invention: the Aquavator. Ahoy explorers. As we descend, we ask that you keep your hands and arms inside the vehicle. No flash photography, and watch your children, please.
Dewey: Uh, we are children.
Fethry: Oh, well ignore everything I just said. Let us be the first to welcome you to the McDuck sub-lab of the future. The sub-lab of the future was actually built in the past, nineteen sixty-four. The goal: to explore the unexplored. We have the Tully Observatory where we do all our sciency projects and what have you. Five star cafeteria, Indoor jai alai court, Outdoor jai alai court, heh less popular, and my little addition: the Dream room. Great for naps, relaxation, embracing the unending darkness, becoming one with the abyss. You're in for a real treat, little Donalds. Set your minds to wonder.
Dewey: Wow, this guy kind of sounds like you.
Huey: Genius? Visionary? In charge of a massive research facility?
Dewey: Weird. You're both really into weird stuff. Oh, you found one of your own.
Fethry: Behold. The world's best-kept secret: the ocean.
Dewey and Huey: Ah! It's horrible!
Huey: It's actually pretty majestic (retch) up from an evolutionary standpoint.
Dewey: I was hoping to see more of an apex predator. A real Dewey, you know?
Fethry: Well, there's plenty of ocean, so take it all in. Become one with it.
Huey: What? Cousin Fethry is doing what great minds do. Lose yourself to science. He's a classic eccentric genius. Eccentric genius is the top rung of scientists. Don't you know any-
Huey and Dewey: AAHH!
Dewey: What was that?
Huey: It must be the hydrothermal vents.
Dewey: Of course, yes.
Fethry: Volcanic ruptures that blow toxic minerals into the ocean's lowest depths. You do not want to be around them. The hydrothermal vents are mucking up the water. We'll need the help of my team.
Huey: See? His team? A weirdo couldn't run a team of scientists.
Fethry: Puh-puh-puh-puh-pit stop!
Dewey and Huey: AAHH! (gasp)
Fethry: Got it. Ah, the Tully Observatory. Go ahead, the team's waiting. Woah!
Dewey: Ah!
Huey: Dewey? Nothing to be afraid of, here. Just wonders of the deep. Nothing- to- AAHH!
Dewey: Yep.
Huey: What are these?
Fethry: Giant sea worms mutated from the toxic vents. They just want to squeeze the warmth out of you.
Dewey: You mean kill us?
Fethry: Well, I don't- Yeah, that would work. But they can sense fear. Just be friendly, affectionate, convince them you're not a threat. Observe. You are a good gentle soul, and I am honored to be in your wormy presence. Oh ho ho ho, who's a good worm? Come on, little Donalds.
Dewey: You're leaving us? No get off. If you kill me, I will not name you after me.
Huey: Agh, oh, you are a slime polychaete, I love you? Ahh! It worked. Cousin Fethry was right. Dewey, just compliment it.
Dewey: Uh, you're not the most disgusting thing I've ever seen? Augh!
Huey: Dewey! I love how you catch only the best phytoplankton. Um, your blood finds carbon monoxide much better than our hemoglobin. Ahh, I'm too panicked to be sincere. (kisses worm) Bleh!
Dewey: Ha ha, you kissed him, the worm, so gross.
Fethry: Donalds? I'd like you to meet our distinguished team.
Huey: Oohh!
Fethry: Team, meet Little Donalds One and Two. Boys, meet Charles, Sylvia, Cameron, Phillipe, Fish-breath, Simone, Virgil, Beverly, Nicholas, Alastair, Benji, Doctor Krill, and of course the ever feisty Hans.
Huey: Uh.
Dewey: That's the team?
Fethry: Uh huh. Their natural bio-luminescence can light our way if need be. It guarantees we always have a light source as we go deeper.
Huey: See, not weird. Brilliant, and resourceful, and-
Dewey: He's singing to them.
Huey: Am I right that this is the Benthopelagic zone we are approaching?
Fethry: Down here we call it the deep, deep, total, absolute, very, very, bottom zone. It's easier to remember.
Dewey: Wow, like a mirror into your future.
Huey: Come on, I mean sure, we're both clearly brilliant, but we're not that similar.
Dewey: Okay, okay. You both have the nerd-out gene. You're both obsessed with nerd stuff. You both wear red caps that you never take off.
Huey and Fethry: The Junior Woodchuck Guidebook states that a warm head breeds warm, healthy thoughts?
Fethry: Ah, always good to see a fellow chucker.
Huey: I'm not that into the Junior Woodchucks, more of a part-time hobby.
Fethry: End of the line. No, literally. Something's cut the cable to the bottom observatory.
Huey: What did that?
Fethry: This whole lab is falling apart. Ooh, I warned Uncle Scrooge about the upkeep.
Dewey: So we don't get to find the totally awesome new species and name it "Dewfish II: Dewey's Revenge?"
Fethry: Oh I can still show you the findings in my airtight pod, but we'll have to swim. Draw!
Huey: We're going out there?
Fethry: Oh, watch out for the vents.
Huey: Ah!
Fethry: (singing) Blue krill, blue krill, under the sea, true blue little friends I sing to thee. Wet water above and wetter water below, let your friendly clothes show the way through the O- cean. (talking) Alright team, flank out. Mariners, our journey continues.
Dewey: This water is warm. Oh, Huey!
Huey: Hey! That's not me. It's the hydrothermal vents.
Dewey: (gasping)
Fethry: Welcome. I'm still harmonizing the furniture to the room. Finding that positive circulation. Working on the sub-aquatic Feng shui.
Huey: You live here?
Fethry: Oh just for the last four and a half years. Anyway, the moment you've been waiting for.
Dewey: Ugh, it's about time.
Fethry: A true biological wonder. You are pioneers. The first to see this unbelievable creature.
Dewey and Huey: (gasp)
Fethry: You must be hungry. Can I make you a sandwich? Hot soup? How about some-
Dewey: Just show us the thing!
Fethry: Oh yes yes yes, over here. Now, just look out there. And, ta-dah!
Huey: Is it behind the krill?
Fethry: It is the krill. They're all rainbow-y. I've never seen anything like it.
Dewey: Krill? We stole the sub for krill? (chuckle) We almost die for krill?!
Huey: There is an explanation for why we needed to see this, right? Some scientific breakthrough?
Fethry: I don't know. I just thought it looked pretty. Oh, you thought I was a scientist?
Huey: You're not even a scientist?
Fethry: No, I'm the lab's caretaker. Scrooge stationed me for upkeep, and a little light cleaning. You see, this pod is kind of like my broom closet. I guess you could say I'm well versed in the custodial sciences. Ha ha.
Huey: We trusted you! Came all the way down here! We got attacked by a squid! I kissed a worm! (Yelling) (sigh) This was all a waste of time.
Dewey: Okay, alright Cuz, this has been fun, hope we never meet again. Now we need to get back to dry land. So can we (clap clap) get to it? Huh? Hello?
Fethry: Oh you're not going anywhere. cause that monster's going to eat us!
Huey: Aahh!
Dewey: Now "that" is a Dewey!
Fethry: We have to get out of here! Follow the key!
Huey: Ahh! Ahh!
Fethry: (gasp)
Huey: Aah!
ALL: AAHH! Ugh!
Dewey: What is that monster? And does it have a name because wow?!
Huey: It must have torn up the lab, and now it's coming for us! So, you lured us down here to get devoured by a monster! Thanks!
Fethry: Oh, you're welcome. I- what? No.
Huey: Maybe we can get a better look at it. (replaces light bulb with krill jar) We're back on.
Dewey: Okay okay okay, I'm going to try to blind this, this "Dreaded Dewsaurus of the Deep?" uh no, we'll find a name if it kills me.
Huey: It probably will.
Fethry: Huh? (gasp) Mitzi?
Huey: What? What are you talking about?
Fethry: I know her. She used to be on my team. Look at you Mitz, you've gotten so big. It's me, Fethry Duck. Remember, we split a rib-eye that one time. It was a bit dry. What are you doing? Stop it!
Dewey: You stop it. I'm trying to save us from that monster you unleashed.
Fethry: She's not a monster, she's a Mitzi. Just because she's a little different doesn't make her bad!
Huey: Wait, is she?
Dewey: Huey, help, between the toxic jets and the monster attack, we're never going to make it up in time.
Fethry: Leave Mitzi alone. She's trying to help! Junior Woodchuck Rule 2: All Junior Woodchucks must be open to the unknown in their quest for the truth.
Huey: (singing) Blue krill, blue krill, in the deep dark sea.
Dewey: Welp, Huey's gone sea mad. we're dead.
Huey: (singing) Something, something, please set us free. Danger is here, danger is there, la la la I'm Huey and I'm so scared. (talking) She was a member of Fethry's team. Hm, the chemicals in the vents must have mutated the krill and turned it into that. Ha ha!
Fethry: Look, she's trying to communicate.
Huey: Stop blinding her!
Dewey: What?
Huey: Maybe she didn't tear up the lab. Maybe the hydrothermal vents did.
Dewey: You're both nuts.
Huey: No, just weird, and this guy knows his krill.
Dewey turns off the light and Mitzi, the giant krill brings them to the surface.
Huey: (gasp) We're alive!
Dewey: Fethry? Where did he go?
Fethry: (laughing) Mitzi, you rascal. This is like the fourth coolest thing you've ever done.
Huey: She saved him. She saved all of us! She truly is-
Dewey: The Dewnificent Krilldebeast. Write that down in your book. Did you get it? Hear what I said?
Huey: Um, sure.
Dewey: No, come on, write it, it's science now.
Fethry: Thank you boys.
Huey: What will you do now that the lab is gone?
Fethry: Well, you thought I could be a scientist. Then maybe I should become one for real. So, do I have to fill out a form for that? Or do I just buy a lab coat? You know what? I'll figure it out. Cause that's what scientists do. Farewell. Giddy-up Mitzi!
Huey: He is so incredibly weird.
Dewey: And there's nothing wrong with that, Little Fethry.
Launchpad: Uh, farewell, sweet Oceanika. Whenever I put a conch shell to my ear, I won't hear the ocean. I'll hear your-
Dewey: Uh, Launchpad. What happened to you?
Launchpad: Oh, just ran into an old friend. Snorkeled around, saw some... sea stuff. You?
Dewey: That.
Fethry: Woo! Ha ha ha ha. Woo!
Launchpad: Ah, neat!
Huey: (sigh) Come on intrepid explorers. Let's go home and convince Uncle Scrooge this was Louie's idea.