Episode Info: Transcript: Gallery: Clips: Episodes opens with a shot of the money bin.
Huey: Uncle Scrooge, you're sick. You shouldn't be on your feet.
Scene changes to Scrooge entering the Bin building. Huey and Webby are seen behind him.
Scrooge: I have to make my morning meeting. A stuffy nose and clogged ears won't kill me.
Webby: Yeah! He's vanquished mythical beasts, demonic armies, robot uprisings!
Scrooge presses the up arrow for the elevator with his cane.
Huey: Which would probably wear out someone half his (whispers) advanced age.
Scrooge: Advanced age!?
Elevator door opens and Manny comes out with a bucket full of invention items.
Manny: (clopping) Where should I put this science waste from the lab?
Scrooge: For the last time, I'm not sick! (Strikes the bucket with his cane, before walking into the elevator. Webby follows him.)
Manny: (Clopping) That's not what I... (Turns and shrugs to Huey before walking into the lobby. Huey follows Scrooge into the elevator.)
Scene change to Scrooge's office: Huey: According to the Junior Woodchuck Guidebook, your sickness could be-
Huey is cut off by Scrooge closing the vault door of his bin.
Scrooge: Finally. A quick dip before my meeting is all I need to find my vigor.
Scrooge dives and begins swimming in his gold, before stopping with a gasp.
Scrooge: I've been robbed!
Scene change to a board room in the Money Bin, where Glomgold is sitting in a chair at the table and Zan Owlson is standing in front of a white board labeled 'Dimes for Ducklings'.
Owlson: Alright, I know you have this insane competition with Scrooge, but we also run this charity with him, so we have to look respectable. Focus? Focus!
As Owlson shouts, Glomgold sits up from where he has been slumped on the table. He glances around.
Glomgold: Wait... (grits his teeth) Listen Owlson, I know we've had our differences, but I'm very close to figuring out the perfect scheme. I may have a way to make more money than Scrooge, win the bet, and take over his company! You're supposed to be smart, maybe you can help. I just need to figure out how...
Glomgold goes to write on the white board, and Owlson flips it around, smacking Glomgold in the face.
Owlson: Ah, ah, ah! N.E.S.T.! No Elaborate Schemes Today!
Glomgold flips the board back around.
Glomgold: What about tonight?
Owlson: No! (Flips the board back to N.E.S.T.)
Glomgold: Tomorrow?
Owlson: Still a T!
Glomgold: Well at the very least Tuesdays!
Owlson: No! No more schemes! We run a multi-billion dollar business! We can be a force for good in this world! But not if you keep ruining my-our our reputation with your stupid, obviously evil schemes! (Whacks Glomgold with the white board again and sends him flying.) You want to beat Scrooge, don't you?
Glomgold: Yes, Ms. Owlson.
Owlson: Okay. Well to do that, you need to be more like him. Poised, calm, respecta-
Owlson cuts off as Scrooge slams open the door.
Scrooge: It was you! (Glomgold climbs back into his chair.) I know it was you! Admit what you did, you cockamamie kleptomaniac.
Glomgold: (Cackles) Yes of course I did! Wait, what did I do?
Scrooge: You stole money from my bin!
Owlson: He's been here all morning. I've got the stress headache to prove it.
Scrooge: That's impossible! I did bin inventory just last night! It was all accounted for!
Owlson: Are you okay? You seem a little, well, to be the opposite of sane.
Scrooge glares at Owlson.
Scrooge: Manny! (Door opens to reveal Manny.) See these two out. Somebody broke into this bin and stole from Scrooge McDuck! Until I find out who and how only authorized employees at the Bin! (Manny sees Owlson and Glomgold out.) I'll need my top men!
Elevator dings, revealing Webby, Dewey, and Huey. Huey holds a bowl of soup.
Scrooge: Follow me.
Gyro: The security system is fully operational, and primed to wreak maximum havoc. If a thief had entered this building, he had been caught and placed in cold storage awaiting genetic experimentation for Operation Gyrobot Apocalypse. It's all in the budget.
Scrooge: What?
Gyro: Nothing. Everything's fine.
Huey: Chicken soup? Restorative nutrients.
Scrooge: Get me Gizmoduck.
Gizmoduck: Glomgold was with Zan Owlson, Mark Beaks was live posting at Coachella, and the Beagles were at the Con-con convicts convention.
Scrooge: What about Magica?
Gizmoduck: Still no sign of her.
Scrooge: Hmm.
Huey: I get that this is a big deal, but Scrooge is in no condition to take on the stress, right now. His nasal passages are dangerously clogged.
Webby: You'd be concerned, too if your impenetrable fortress was robbed. You know, I'm surprised we haven't heard from-
Louie: WE'VE BEEN ROBBED?! Oh the humanity. Give it to me straight, Uncle Scrooge. How much did I- uh, we- uh, you lose?
Scrooge: Eighty-seven cents.
Dewey: Sorry, did I miss a part of that, like two million dollars and eighty-seven cents or-
Scrooge: The amount doesn't matter. What matters is the bin has been compromised.
Huey: If it's only a couple of coins, how could you possibly know they're actually missing?
Webby: Because Uncle Scrooge knows every coin in there like the feathers in his tail.
Scrooge: Exactly Webbigail. That's how I stay smarter than the smarties. Once that goes, it's a slippery slope to being as smart as the smarties, and then (gasp) slightly less than the smarties.
Dewey: Uh, did you check your pockets?
Scrooge: Did I check my pockets? Of course I checked my pockets. They're not in my pockets.
Huey: How can you be sure they're even gone? You'd have to count every coin in the bin to prove it, and that would be crazy.
Dewey: Ugh. Huey and his stupid nerd brain.
Louie: 455, 456, 457.
Huey: I for one think there's too much pressure on him. He needs a good eight hours of sleep.
Louie: 45- uh, oh c'mon! Ugh, 1, 2, 3.
Huey: Don't you think Uncle Scrooge seems a bit off?
Scrooge: (arguing to himself loudly)
Webby: Hah. He's never been more on. He's at the height of his powers.
Huey: He's losing his mind. Let me look at the symptoms in the Junior Woodchuck Guide-AH! Where is my Junior Woodchuck Guidebook? Whew, must have fallen out. Weird. (gasp)
Louie: What?
Huey: Gold fever. A serious condition caused by prolonged exposure to gold. Symptoms include confusion, itchiness, paranoia,
Scrooge: I will find you. Nobody gets away-
Huey: And going to outlandish extremes. It may be fatal.
Webby: Last week, He bought a country to save on foreign postage. That's just Scrooge. Nothing is weird.
Scrooge: (intercom) This is Scrooge McDuck. The bin is on total lock-down. All non-security personal are hereby banished from the premises. Good day.
Webby: Okay, this might be a little out of the ordinary.
Scrooge: Hello Duckburg. By now, you know that my precious wee ones were kidnapped this morning. Here is a recent picture. Two quarters, two dimes, a spry gang of nickles, and a couple of scared little pennies. Coins, if you're watching, I miss you very much.
Webby: What? Scrooge loves money? How weirdly uncharacteristic of him. Please.
Louie: Shh. This is important. We have to protect every remaining coin in the bin.
Scrooge: This is what waits for the hapless monster that took them. A ransom? Oh no. A bounty on the foul head of the coin napper. Two million dollars!
Louie: Ugh, yep he's got gold fever. He has to be stopped.
Webby: So, what's the plan for capturing the intruder?
Dewey: Rope slings? Tripwires?
Scrooge: Oh, no no no. None of that will be necessary, because I have a full arsenal at the ready. I'd like to see you try to get in now, Chester!
Huey: Hey Uncle Scrooge. This is all great, looks like everything's taken care of, so you can go home and get some rest, huh?
Scrooge: What part of "I shall not rest" do you not understand? Hah! You can't be too careful. The faceless fiend struck again. He stole my spats, but I made new ones out of those tissue boxes you left me, lad. Ha ha ha, who's the sick one now, Chester?
Webby: Ha ha ha, who is Chester? was it?
Scrooge: He's the unknown. He's the question. There he is: Dewey: I'll get him.
Scrooge: Gizmoduck, fire!
Gizmoduck: I don't see anything.
Scrooge: Hurry. Attack before he gets away. That's an order!
Gizmoduck: Um, engage midriff missiles?
Huey: No. He is not of sound mind. Don't fire!
Scrooge: My mind is perfectly sound. Load out the missiles!
Gizmoduck: Ah!
Launchpad: Ah, smoke? I haven't even hit the ground yet.
Gizmoduck: I'll handle this. I'll handle this. My helmet copter is stuck. Someone else handle this.
Kids: Dewey!
Launchpad: Oh no, It's every nightmare I've ever had.
Gizmoduck: Blathering blatherskite!
Launchpad: Dewey!
Gizmoduck and Dewey: (gasping for breath out of the water)
Roxanne Featherly: Authorities are already calling the disaster "Bridge-mageddon," and the rampant chaos was needlessly caused by Scrooge McDuck, himself. McDuck's increasingly erratic behavior has driven investors to pull their money from his company and give it to safer, more stable businesses like- okay, this can't be right- Glomgold Industries?
Owlson: I didn't think it was possible, but.
Glomgold: Hah, hear that McDuck? I'm more stable than you are!
Owlson: Debatable.
Scrooge: He must be there somewhere, the swindling swine.
Gizmoduck: Mr. McDuck, there's been a break-in.
Scrooge: (gasp) Now I have you, Chester, you thieving-
Huey: Uncle Scrooge, we need to talk.
Scrooge: Ugh.
Launchpad: I'll start. Dear Mr. McD. They say it's not the years in your life but the life in your years. Happy birthday.
Huey: Give me that. What Launchpad means to say is we're all really worried about you.
Webby: Some of us are just here to see you triumphantly capture the thief.
Huey: You have to face the truth. No one stole 87 cents from you. You have gold fever and you're very, very sick. Any more exposure to gold could kill you.
Webby: Don't worry Scrooge. Dewey and I believe in you.
Dewey: There's something about your uncle firing missiles and a plane at you that sort of changes you mind.
Webby: Dewey.
Huey: This is about saving Scrooge's life, not choosing sides.
Manny: (clapping) I pick the red kids' side.
Scrooge: Et tu, headless man horse? Well, forget all of you. If you don't want to help me find the intruder, then I don't need you, you bunch of traitors.
Kids: (gasp)
Scrooge: There's a perfectly simple explanation for all of this. It's all Chester the inter-dimensional imp. He prances in and out of reality attacking me bit by bit. First, the sneaky scoundrel licked everything in my office and stole my spats. Then he nabbed my 87 cents. Oh, you think you have everyone fooled, but oh no, not me, I'm onto you. Ah hah hah hah!
Huey: Look at all the weight you've lost. Your clothes don't even fit.
Scrooge: That's Chester. He dances in my clothes while I sleep, and stretches them all out.
Webby: Maybe you're right. Maybe it is all Chester, but maybe you should listen to Huey. Step away from the gold, and get some rest just in case you're wrong?
Scrooge: No. I'll prove it to you. I'll count the money myself.
Huey: Please, Uncle Scrooge. If you jump into that gold, you could die!
Webby: Hup. Stop this. Maybe you're both right.
Scrooge: No, because I know I'm not crazy. Out of my way.
fight ensues: Launchpad: No, Mr. McD. Not on your birthday.
Scrooge: Nobody keeps me from my gold!
Roxanne Featherly: In shocking market news, Glomgold Industries rises to the top of the stock index, making Flintheart Glomgold the richest duck in the world.
Owlson: Congratulations, Flintheart. I've literally never been more surprised by anything in my life.
Glomgold: Thank you, Owlson. I can't wait to shove this in McDuck's smug face!
Roxanne Featherly: This just in. Scrooge McDuck has apparently died of gold fever.
Glomgold and Owlson: Huh?
Donald: (crying) No! He was too young! Oh no!
Gizmoduck: Engage bagpipes.
The song "All I Do Is Win" by DJ Khaled plays: Glomgold: I win! (laughing)
Louie: Grr, huh?
Owlson: I'm so very sorry, I'm- so-
Glomgold: Owlson, help me up onto his casket so I can dance on it.
Owlson: We'll be taking our seats.
Glomgold: Oh fine, I'll sit down, so you can mourn the second richest duck in the world, and I beat him fair and square. (laughing)
Owlson: Well technically, no you didn't. Gold fever did, but again, this is a wildly inappropriate time to discuss it.
Glomgold: (draws breath) oh!
Huey: (sigh) Uncle Scrooge taught us all so much, but perhaps the most important thing was the importance of listening to your family. After he passed, we decided that it would only be fair to his memory to at least consider his theory. If this hypothetical thief were real, he would have to have been a master genius. It would have to have been a scheme so elaborate, and so complex, some might even call it the perfect scheme. Was this indeed a master criminal genius? In the end, the sad truth is there could never be any master villain capable of pulling off such a genius scheme. Scrooge died of gold fever.
Glomgold: Grr! No! it was me! I did it! I'm the evil genius! It was me, and my time teaser. Greatest scheme ever. In your face, Owlson!
Owlson: (gasp)
Glomgold: Dig Scrooge's mourning family. I'm the richest duck in the world, and here's how I did it.
Manny: (clopping) Where should I put this science waste from the lab?
Scrooge: For the last time, I'm not sick.
Glomgold: Hmm.
Owlson: Alright, I know you have this insane competition with the-
Glomgold: Ha ha, I get it. You're ignoring me. Owlson? Owlson? Hello?
Glomgold walks out of the bin to find the whole world frozen in time.
Glomgold: Why aren't you moving? Is this some kind of game? Answer me, baby!
12 MONTHS LATER: Glomgold: Your will is strong baby. You remind me of a young me.
Owlson: -but we also run this charity with him, so we have to look respectable. Focus? Focus!
Glomgold: What the.
Glomgold: And having mastered space and time, I immediately enacted my scheme to rob Scrooge blind.
Glomgold enters Scrooge's bin and tries to take his money, but he's too weak to take even a single bag up the ladder.
Glomgold: But I realized, why take it all, when a little would drive him insane? Whose scheme sounds crazy now, Owlson?
Owlson: This one still does.
Glomgold: But you haven't heard it all.
Scrooge: Admit what you did, you cockamamie kleptomaniac.
Owlson: Are you okay, you seem a little, well, the opposite of sane.
Scrooge: Hmm.
Glomgold uses the time teaser to add a page to Huey's guidebook, and play with Scrooge's mind in the way Scrooge has suspected.
Glomgold: Hah hah hah. What? You're alive? And a horse?
Scrooge: Yes, of course I'm alive, you idiot. I took my own advice, and listened to my family.
Flash back to Scrooge about to dive into the money bin.
Scrooge: Ah choo! Ah choo! Ah choo! Okay, maybe I am a wee bit sick.
Huey: But maybe you're not crazy.
Scrooge: I rested for the day, then we put our heads together, and realized this was obviously all your idiotic scheme to win the bet.
Webby: You were Chester.
Huey: So we staged the funeral to get you to admit that you committed fraud.
Scrooge: Legally making me the richest duck in the world again. Thank you.
Donald: You're alive? You're alive! (faints)
Dewey: You forgot to tell Donald?
Louie: Whoops!
Scrooge: So you can never beat me, Flinty, because I have my family to keep me grounded. Also, I'm Scrooge McDuck, and I'm even better at being crazy than you.
Glomgold: ARGH!
Glomgold wrestles Scrooge for the time teaser and both crash out of the window.
All: (gasp)
Scrooge and Glomgold are suspended in midair.
Huey: They must have reversed the time teaser.
Beakley: What do you do the next time your uncle goes mad with suspicion?
Webby, Dewey, and Huey: Call Mrs. Beakley.
Louie: Fake Scrooge's death.
Glomgold: Ah!
Scrooge: Thank you, Beakley.
Beakley: Don't mention it. Really.
Scrooge: (Takes back 87 cents and licks Glomgold's glasses.) See you tomorrow, Flinty.
Glomgold: Ugh.