Mozambeak, Africa - 1960
Scrooge: Mr Zee, I present to you, Haveyouseenium. Wondrous rare element uncovered by our research team in the mines of Insubstantia. Observe.
Mr. Zee: Fantastic.
Scrooge: I am, aren't I? Do we have a deal?
Mr. Zee: Absolutely. I'll take the entire mine. This deal will make you a very rich man, Mr. McDuck.
Scrooge: No, Mr. Zee, this deal officially makes me the richest duck in the world! Woo hoo!
Mr. Zee: Ah ha ha ha ha.
Scrooge: Oh, I'm... glad you're so happy for me.
Mr. Zee: Woo ho hoo! I'm no longer the richest person in the world. The curse is over!
Scrooge: Sorry, what's this about a curse?
Mr. Zee: The curse that follows the richest person on Earth. He cannot be bought. He cannot be fought. Though riches you've got, your life will be fraught, until you have earned the one thing you have not.
Scrooge: Who is he?
Mr. Zee: The Bombie! Good luck. No take-backs!
Scrooge: (singing) Ah, who needs luck when you're the richest duck, and the richest duck is me. Ugh!
Bombie: Richest...
Scrooge: (gasp)
opening theme: Present day: Louie: Uncle Scrooge? Hi. Thanks for coming.
Scrooge: Ah, to breakfast?
Louie: So, do you remember that bet that you made with Glomgold where the winner won the loser's fortune, and technically I won both your fortunes so that I could give it back to you?
Scrooge: It was yesterday.
Louie: You said I'd be a bigger billionaire than you are one day, and well, today is a day, and-
Scrooge: What are you trying to say, lad?
Louie: Well, I'm keeping it all, so I can be the richest duck in the world!
Scrooge: Ha ha ha ha ha ha! You, ha ha, are going to be the richest duck in the world? Ha ha ha ha!
Louie: Yes, um-
Scrooge: Oh sure, it's just a complex international conglomeration. You "love" hard work. Heh. Have fun! I'll be here when you're ready to give my fortune back.
Owlson: That went far better than expected.
Louie: Of- of course it did, Owlson. I have worked hard for three whole months. I deserve this. It's time to get down to business. Hyah. The business of being crazy rich. Much better. I'm the richest duck in the world! Woo hoo!
Della: Hey, Penny. It's Della, again. Thought you moon landers would be here to visit by now. I stocked up the fridge, I got air mattresses for everybody, and I know I shouldn't have, but I got you something special. Eh? Heh heh, don't you want to come spar with this? Heh heh. Oh, hey. These are the kids! Huey, Dewey, and I tried to get Louie, but his assistant said he was in the middle of a "complex business deal." So this is Webby, the boys' charmingly violent best friend. She's like their you.
Webby: Hyah!
Huey: What is this?
Della: Sending a message to my friends back on the moon.
Dewey: This is beaming out to the galaxy?
Della: Yep, they were supposed to follow right after me, but I haven't heard from them. So I've been sending them transmissions like I sent you. The ones I sent you from the moon? Hundreds of hours of heartfelt lessons that gave me hope and purpose?
Huey: We did not get those.
Della: Ugh, meh, eh, it's fine. Everything's fine.
Dewey: Ulp.
Della: Augh, now I've got no camera, and no way to get a message to the moon. If only we knew someone with camera equipment, or a TV setup or-
Dewey: Ooooooooooooooooohhhhhhh...
Huey: Oh, no.
Della: What? What did I say?
Webby: There's no stopping it now.
Della: Stopping what now?
Dewey: Live from Earth, it's the first ever intergalactic episode of Dewey Dew-night in space, space, space, space.
Della: Uh.
Owlson: You have a 9 o'clock call with your investors, and a 9:15 with the prime minister of Henmark and... Wow, that suit is bright.
Louie: Emeralds: the gentleman's gem. You gotta dress for success, and I am very successful now. In fact, send out a memo. Everyone in the building should be wearing emeralds.
Owlson: Right. You have a check-in at 9:47, although-
Louie: Uh, okay. Hang on. Just gotta get comfortable. Maybe just. Ugh, if there was only something I could put my feet up on. Some kind of furniture for your feet. (snap)
Owlson: What's happening?
Louie: The greatest reunion in television history!
Johnny: Randy.
Randy: Johnny.
Louie: You see, Randy thought he was too handsome to build ottomans on their reality show, and Johnny never got over his brother's betrayal.
Johnny: I swore I'd never work with him again. Not for all the money in the world.
Louie: I'll give you one hundred million dollars.
Owlson: What?!
Johnny and Randy: Let's get tufting!
Louie: Now let the rich life of Louie Duck begin.
Johnny and Randy build an ottoman. Louie writes a check.
Owlson: The board wants to see you.
Louie: Ugh.
Bradford: We need to discuss the... ottoman incident.
Louie: Oh, it's great, isn't it? It was not cheap, though.
Bradford: And, how exactly does this ottoman benefit the company?
Louie: I wanted it, and I'm very rich, so-
Bradford: This is a business, not a bank account! That money has to come from somewhere.
Louie: Then figure it out. That is what I pay you to do, right?
Bradford: Hmm, we "are" spending a lot on magical defense on a dark, mysterious island in the Heron Sea.
Louie: Great! Cut that! Now, let the rich life of Louie Duck begin-
Owlson: There's an emergency on your island in the Heron Sea!
Louie: But, but. Ugh. Fine, but when I get back, I am going to live it up!
Scrooge: Ugh, Louie wants to do my job? Well then, I'll be as lazy as him until he's ready to give my company back. Perhaps a bit of the ol' boob tube will help keep my mind off- Is that my office?
Randy: Yep, nothing like a good, honest, hard day's work. Work, work, work.
Johnny: You know, if I didn't have work, I'd probably waste away into obscurity. Yep.
Scrooge: Right, I can't just sit here "relaxing." I'll get started on a new fortune.
Launchpad: This is your captain Launchpad speaking. Approaching a mysterious, mist-shrouded island. Should be crashing within the hour.
Louie: Thank you, Mannington. Huh, this page bores me.
Owlson: Maybe so we don't die, we can use this time to go over everything we know about this island?
Louie: Hm.
Owlson: We know nothing about this island. It is so secret that Scrooge had it removed from maps and satellite images. If we're to survive-
Louie: But-but-but-but-but-but. Owlson, quit worrying. There's nothing on this island that I can't handle. I am the richest duck in the world! Woo woo woo!
Bombie: Richest...
Louie: Hm, not really the private, rich-guy island I was hoping for. Heh, put in a white sand beach over there, private lagoon over here, maybe a water slide, or is that too tacky? I'm not sure.
Owlson: Why would Scrooge invest so much money in protecting this... creepy pile of pillars?
Louie: (gasp) That's why! He was hiding a secret money bin!
Della: Oof. So, Dewey has his own show?
Huey: Mostly in his mind.
Dewey: Now, fresh from being lost in space for a decade, put your flippers or whatever moon people have together for, uh, Della Duck! (plays "yay" on keytaur) Mom, can I call you Mom?
Della: I am your mom.
Dewey: Great. You were stuck on the moon for like a really long time. Any funny stories about that?
Della: Oh yeah. In the cruel void of space, it's easy to lose track of time. So one morning, I decided to have a staring contest in the mirror, but I was so desperate for human connection it lasted three weeks. To this day, I can't look in a mirror because I'm afraid I'll see "her". (breaks coffee mug)
Dewey: (plays "cricket sounds") Wow.
Huey: This is not how I envisioned first contact with alien life.
Webby: Oh don't worry. If anything goes wrong, I'll send in our animal guest. Ow! No biting!
Louie: Man, I am an even better bajillionaire than I thought. I bet it's like full of like the best treasure.
Launchpad: It must really be something if you had all these doohickeys to keep people out.
Manny: (clopping) Or to keep something in. Or... to... keep... something... in.
Louie: Come on, let's get in- My beautiful bin! What has happened to you?
Owlson: When you cut the magical defenses, it must have allowed... something... to break through. But what?
Launchpad: Let's ask this guy.
Bombie: Grrr.
Launchpad: Excuse me sir. Are you from around here, or-
Bombie: RAARR!
All: Aahhh!
Louie: (panting) What... was... that?
Owlson: Whatever Mr. McDuck had trapped in that bin!
Louie: Okay, no problem. I'm the richest duck in the world. I got this.
Bombie: Richest!
Louie: Excuse me, you are on my property right now, buddy. You'd better leave before I have you removed.
Bombie: Arrgh!
Louie: Uh, okay I'll give you a million dollars to leave. Dah and a plane. Dah, and a horse-thing.
Manny: (clopping) And a what???
Louie: Do something! I am too rich to die!
Launchpad: I'll save you, Louie McD!
Louie: Oh no, Launchpad!
Bombie: Arrgh!
Louie: Oh no, me! Oh, nothing stops him! Owlson, do something!
Owlson: Oh sure, like they cover "this" in business school!
Bombie: Arrgh! (gets smashed by pillar)
Launchpad: Oh hey, guys.
Louie: Woo hoo! I did it!
Owlson: You did it?
Louie: Yeah. I'm Launchpad's boss, so basically I did it. Nothing can stop the richest duck in the-
Bombie: Rrgh!
Louie: Get to the bin! Get to the bin!
Scrooge: Ah! Back to basics. I'm Scrooge McDuck. I'll earn that fortune back in no time. Can I offer a shoeshine, sir? Glasgow shine? Shoes so bright you can see your future in them? Guh, How about now? No matter. Everyone needs a... shoeshine?
Dewey: (holds breath) And that is how long I think I could hold my breath in space. Thank you.
Della: That's great, honey. So, uh, can we send my message to the moon, now?
Dewey: Oh my gosh, yeah of course, it's all you.
Della: Hello, Penny. If you're receiving this-
Dewey: And Penny is?
Della: Oh, Penumbra? She's my best friend.
Dewey: A moon alien, and an earth duck. How did you meet?
Della: Well, funny story. I ended a decades-long war that was her whole reason for existing.
Dewey: That must have made her mad. (oohh!)
Della: What? Nah, I mean, sure, everyone started praising me instead of her and... but she took me in. She playfully tried to kill me a few times.
Dewey: But you can't spell frenemy without enemy, right folks? (laughing)
Della: No, no, she helped me get back home.
Dewey: Ugh, maybe she helped you escape the moon to get rid of you, hey? (laughing)
Della: That... would explain why she hasn't come, or called back. Maybe we were never friends.
Dewey: Mom?
Huey: Quick, send in the raccoon.
Webby: Go go go!
Louie: Go go go!
Owlson: (panting) Why didn't we run to the plane?!
Louie: (panting) Because... I did not think of that. Ugh, I know you're all scared, and looking to me for answers because you respect my wealth and-
Bombie: Arrgh!
Owlson: You ignored all my advice, stranded us on Monster Island, cut important funding-
Louie: (gasp) Cut funding? That's it! Team, I have a plan if you're willing to follow me. What do you say? Do you trust the boss?
Bombie: Arrgh! Arrgh! Huh? Arrgh!
Louie: Ha ha ha! Classic horse dummy fake-out. Hello, Bradford? Cut the funding to the McDuck satellite system immediately. Yes, I know what I'm doing. Drop them all on my location. Now!
Bombie: Arrgh!
Louie: Now, now, now! Drop them all!
Manny: (clopping) You owe me a head.
Louie: And Scrooge thought I couldn't handle being the richest duck in the world, ha ha ha ha. Mr. McQuack, take us home. Let the rich life of Louie Duck begin! Ah ha ha!
Owlson: Alright, back to business.
Louie: What? I just saved our lives back there, and it was very stressful.
Owlson: I'll need you in the office at 6:00 am to make up for the day we just lost.
Louie: Ahh, I don't have to listen to you, Owlson. I am the richest duck in the-
Bombie: Arrgh!
Louie: Ahh! What do you want from me?
Bombie: Arrgh!
Owlson: ENOUGH!
Louie and Bombie: Huh?
Owlson: I was at the top of my class at Mouseton. Ran several successful businesses. But none of that prepared me for you Duckberg billionaires. Reckless thrill-seekers, madmen with the minds of children, actual children! I tried to keep you people humble, but all you care about is money, and power. Well, I'm done trying to make you better. I'm going to become a better billionaire myself. I quit! Consider this my two weeks notice because, I will stay on to train my replacement like a professional! Now, everyone hold on to something!
Bombie: Arrgh!
Louie: Uh, ahh!
Owlson: Launchpad! Pull up!
Louie: Ah ha! Oof! Ahh!!
Owlson: No no no no!
Louie: Huh, best hundred million I ever spent. Huh? Oh, come on!
Gavin: So there I was at the front of the line, but after waiting a whole minute and a half, I find out that Trader Sam's has a dress code, so now I have to find some threads.
Scrooge: Heh, that will be ten cents, good sir.
Gavin: Ooh, uh, sorry. Heh. Looks like the guy I stole this suit from doesn't carry cash. Okay, Gavin out!
Scrooge: Hey! Ow, Ow. Get back here! Ugh, building a fortune is a lot harder than I remember.
Louie: Help! Uncle Scrooge!
Scrooge: Louie?
Bombie: Richest!
Scrooge: Augh! Him again?
Bombie: Arrgh! Arrgh!
Louie: Aaahh!
Scrooge: Yahh!
Louie: What is that thing?
Scrooge: The Bombie!
Louie: That explains nothing?
Scrooge: The Bombie is a curse upon whoever is the richest duck in the world.
Bombie: Arrgh!
Louie: Feels like something you should have told me this morning.
Scrooge: I didn't think you'd shut down his magical prison on your first day!
Bombie: Arrgh!
Louie: Well, how do I stop it?
Scrooge: You can't! He cannot be bought. He cannot be fought. Though riches you've got, your life will be fraught, until you have earned the one thing you have not.
Louie: But I'm the richest duck in the world! I have everything!
Scrooge: That's what I said. I tried everything. Nothing worked. I barely managed to contain him on Falcon Island.
Bombie: Hah! Huh?
Louie: If you couldn't beat the curse, how am I supposed to do it?
Scrooge: Louie, just give the money back. Let me take back the curse.
Louie: But then he'll come after you.
Scrooge: I'll figure out how to beat him. I'm Scrooge McDuck. Huh?
Louie: (gasp)
Bombie: Arrgh!
Scrooge: Run, Louie!
Louie: Gah!
Bombie chases down Louie who tries to enter a building before opening hours: Louie: No no no no! What? Ah rude!
Bombie causes a billboard of Louie Duck to fall closing off Louie's escape.
Louie: What? Please, stop! I can't do this. I shouldn't even be the richest duck in the world!
Bombie hesitates: Louie: I'm not ready to be a businessman. Owlson was right. That's the thing the richest duck in the world needs to earn. humility. Being able to admit that you can't do something.
Scrooge: Sentimental hogwash! He's obviously afraid of facing Scrooge Mc-
Bombie: Arrgh!
Scrooge: Fair point. What now?
Louie: (gasps and offers the Bombie a shoeshine.)
Bombie: (Places his boot in front of Louie.)
Louie: Been walking a long way? Sorry about that. This curse affects us both, huh?
Scrooge: Good thinking, lad.
Louie: Uncle Scrooge, you can have your fortune back. I am not cut out to be the richest duck in the world.
Scrooge: Of course not. Not yet, anyway. But Louie, you were a better billionaire than I was today in every sense of the word.
Bombie heads back to his home.
Louie: So, you're not super mad at me?
Scrooge: Lad, if this is the worst damage you did as the richest duck in the world, then everything is fine.
Dewey: Hey Mom? I'm sorry about... all that back there. I'm sure Penumbra is just caught up with moon stuff.
Della: Ugh, don't sweat it, kid. Who needs moon friends when you got your family?
Penumbra: This is Lieutenant Penumbra for her friend, Della Duck.
Della: Hah! I knew she was my friend! Take that, family!
Penumbra: All of your defense satellites just went down for some reason. Lunaris is bringing an army to destroy Earth! Della, he's coming for your family.
Della and Dewey: (gasp)