The episode commences at sunset in the Marina, the Duck triplets are carrying a box full of their old valuables.
Dewey: Got it. Got it, got it. No!
Huey: Louie, pull your weight!
Louie: Um, I'm stabilizing.
Grunts lift.
Leaders stabilize.
Webby: Ahh, life on a boat, huh? The lively rocking of the waves! Sleeping next to a dangerous boiler! And what's that? A longshoreman cursing?! Fun!
Dewey: Anything's better than the mansion with that selfish old miser.
Webby: Aw, that's not fair. Scrooge isn't that old and selfish. Okay, but in the most loveable way!
Donald: Home sweet home. Huh? Umm.... I got snacks! (hands over each of the kids a biscuit with a fish on top of it)
Webby: Uhh heh.
Donald: Hmm?
Webby: Ah Mmm!
Donald: Wait, where's Dewey?!
Dewey: Nope. Right here. Not stealing the boat.
Donald: Oh!
Dewey: Yep. Back to the good ol' days. Woo-woo.
Louie & Huey: (halfhearted) Woo!
Webby: Bbbb blah!
Lena (Magica)
Big day, Magica. Real big day. The eclipse is at hand, my plan is flawless.
Lena: Let. Me. Go!
Magica (Shadow)
Oh, that's right. I forgot you were here.
Lena: I won't let you do this!
Magica (Shadow)
Yeah, uh-huh. Oh, except at the moment of the eclipse, my powers will finally unleash, and I'll be an invincible juggernaut of dark magic! So, you know.
Magica returns into Lena's body.
Lena: (Magica)
(Magica's voice) Now that you've gained the trust of Scrooge's brats, I can use your body to get inside the house. (takes out a potion) Then, I'll weaken Scrooge with this, snatch the Number One Dime at the height of the eclipse, unleash my full power, and use it to destroy everything Scrooge has ever loved! Ha ha ha! Unh!
Launchpad pulls up and hits a button on a small black box, to talk to Scrooge.
Launchpad: Howdy, Mr. McDee! Don't worry, I'm not here to check on you on account of everyone moving out because the boys blame you for launching their mom to space and orphaning them. I'm here to take you out for ice cream! Mmm, sounds good, right? Family crisis- I mean, ice cream!
Scrooge: (through the intercom)
Go away.
Lena: (Magica)
(Magica's voice) Out?! Moved?! ICE CREAM?! Without those kids to let me in, how am I supposed to get my evil, EVIL VENGEANCE?! (breathing heavily) No, I will defeat Scrooge McDuck. I am the dark shadow lying in wait! I am the stuff of nightmares lurking in the hidden recesses of your mind! I am.... AAAAAH!
Lena/Magica dodges Launchpad as he backs into the gate wall.
Lena: (Magica)
(Magica's voice) All right. Just have to convince Scrooge that I'm a typical little girl. (Lena's voice) Gee whiz, mister. It's me, that insufferable whelp, Lena? The little urchins invited me over to.... Uh..... what do children like? Play marbles?
Scrooge: The children are gone. Leave me alone. Forever.
Lena: (Magica)
(Lena's voice) Aw, shucks. Webby said this would happen.
Scrooge: What did she say?
Lena: (Magica)
(Lena's voice) That you wouldn't be able to handle the kids leaving and have an old man meltdown. I thought better of you. Guess I was wrong.
The mansion gates open. Lena walks her way to the front door.
Lena: (Magica)
(Magica's voice) At last. A vanquishing for the ages, a final clash between the Sorceress of the Shadows and the world's greatest adventurer, Scrooge Mc-
The door opens to reveal Scrooge in a dirty, sweaty sleeveless T-shirt.
Lena: (Magica)
(Magica's voice) Wait, what?
At the pier.
Launchpad: Hey, guys, I think you misplaced this box.
Dewey: We're throwing that away.
Webby: What?! The Druid's Cup? This Mount Neverrest T-shirt? The Golden Khopesh of Toth-Ra that you conned Launchpad out of?! Those artifacts are special!
Dewey: It's just old junk.
"Dewey throws the cup over the side, Huey gently sets the T-shirt on the water before shooting a fire-tipped arrow at it. They both look at Louie.
Louie: (sighs) Goodbye. (pretends to throw away the Khopesh) Ah! Sploosh.
Huey: Seriously?
Dewey: You're still holding it.
Louie: Oh, fine!
Dewey grabs the khopesh and throws it overboard.
Louie: NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO!
Webby: I can't believe it's really over. I mean, they're falling apart and they're family. Are we next?
Launchpad: Don't worry. I've crashed literally hundreds of Mr. McDee's vehicles, and he always gets over it. The boys will, too.
Webby: I don't know. This feels different. They blame Scrooge for their mom's disappearance.
Launchpad: It'll blow over. They'll be a happy family living in the mansion before you know it.
Donald: Boys! Good news! Where have you always wanted to go?
Louie: Into the water to go get my Khopesh?
Donald: What? No. Cape Suzette! We're moving there tomorrow!
Huey: A new town!
Dewey: Cape Suzette, here we come!
Louie: Finally!
Webby & Launchpad: THEY'RE MOVING TOMORROW?!
Webby: We have no time! The only family I've ever known gone forever! Ohhh! What do we do?!
Launchpad: This is bad! Real bad! Will Dewey and I still be friends?! Who will I call for advice?! Do they have phones in Cape Suzette?!
Webby: Okay, okay, one of us needs to stay calm here.
Launchpad: So... you?
Webby: Uh... All we need is a simple plan to remind Scrooge and the boys how much they need each other.
Launchpad: Huh?
Webby & Launchpad: An amazingly fun and elaborate farewell dinner party scheme! Yes!
Webby: Step one: We throw the boys a farewell party to convince them they don't want to move.
Launchpad: Step two: Reveal surprise guest Scrooge, and remind them how much they all miss each other.
Webby: Step three: There is no step three, because we just nailed it in two steps!
Webby & Launchpad: Whoo! Ow!
Webby: Whooo!
Launchpad: Whoo-hoo-hoo!
Lena: (Magica)
(Lena's voice) Ugh! How long has your housekeeping staff been gone?
Scrooge: Three days. So how are my so-called (air quotes) "kin"? Miserable, no doubt? Living on that disgusting boat? I'm obviously doing much better than they are. (A possum squeaks as it eats a slice of pizza) Ah! Pesky possum! Keeps eating my anchovies!
Magica appears in shadow form while Scrooge's back is turned.
Lena: Scrooge!
Magica: (shadow)
That sad sack of feathers is not Scrooge. (Dodges pigeon thrown at her) The Scrooge McDuck I know is a shrewd, conquering hero of legend. (watches Scrooge eat old pizza) Unless this is all a trick. Yes, that's it! Of course! He senses something. He's trying to convince me he's a pathetic loser, hoping I'll make a mistake! Ha ha! You can't fool me, Scroogie! I am the one who fools! (takes the potion from Lena) One sip. Lights out. Grab the dime. Then, I enact.... my vengeance! (cackling) Thanks for the pep talk, Lena.
Huey: Huh. It says here that Cape Suzette has a pretty neat park. They just got a second swing.
Louie: And the Cape Suzette saltine cracker factory gives public tours. And they let you sample the crackers at least?
Huey: Yeah.
Louie: I mean, this place used to sound exciting, right?
Dewey: (wearing a nautical outfit) Ho ho! Meet the new Dewey, the dashing, debonair yachtsman of Cape Suzette! (takes a step) Ah... Fancy boat shoes.... Pain worth it for the fancy boat shoes.
A slip of paper appears under the door.
Louie: (reading the paper) Dear Hubert, Dewford, and Llew- (mutters). you are cordially invited to your own dining room for a dinner full of heartwarming memories and surprises, question mark? Will you attend, 'yay' or 'nay'?
Louie checks "yay" and slips the letter back under the door.
Webby & Launchpad: They're coming! Whoo!
Launchpad: Oof!
Webby: Now we just have to get Scrooge to show up. But how? We're gonna have to be subtle.
Launchpad: Hello, Mr. McDee! Come to a party on Donald's houseboat for, um... Um, a game of charades?
Webby: Free food!
Scrooge: (on phone)
I'll be there.
Webby: You will?!
Lena: (Magica)
(Scrooge's voice) But I'll only eat the finest lobster, caviar, canapés. And make sure no one starts eating until I get there, as I consider it the height of rudeness. Bless me bagpipes! Good day! (Magica's voice) Ha! Dinner officially ruined! Hm! Now, back to destroying Scrooge.
Scrooge: Where's that blasted nutmeg tea?
Lena: (Magica)
(Magica's voice) Ooh. Convenient. (Lena's voice) Don't worry! I'll get it!
Donald: (singing while setting up the kitchen) Hey, what's the big idea?!
Webby: Didn't the boys tell you? We're making you a heartwarming farewell dinner!
Donald: Oh, fine.
Magica dumps the entire vial into a cup of tea for Scrooge.
Scrooge: One man's nephews' former bedroom is another man's pantry, I always say.
Lena: (Magica)
(Magica's voice) He is very committed to this "looking pathetic" trap. (Lena's voice) Have some tea. It'll settle you.
Scrooge: Thanks.
Scrooge set the tea down and moves pizza boxes around revealing a loose floor panel containing the boy's stuff.
Scrooge: Sweet, playful marbles. Three to a bag. Red, green, and that rascal blue marble, always rolling whichever way it wants... And ungrateful, the lot of them, at every turn! After all I did for them, and they just throw it in my face!
Lena: (Magica)
Yeah, there's nothing worse than marbles. (chuckles) Tea?
Scrooge: I'm talking about family.
Lena: (Magica)
Ugh, tell me about it. They disobey you, run you ragged, don't follow through on elaborate revenge plots...
Scrooge: They spend your money, take over your home, cause trouble, worm their way into your head with fond memories that you cannae get out, no matter how hard you try!
Lena: (Magica)
Cheers to ridding fond memories!
Scrooge: And then they leave without so much as a thank you!
Lena: (Magica)
Forget family! Who needs 'em?
Scrooge: I'll drink to that! Aah! (spills the tea)
Lena: (Magica)
(Magica's voice) OF ALL THE IDIOTIC- (Lena's voice) I mean, I'll go make you another.
Webby: Come on, guys, you're gonna be late for the greatest dinner of all time! A culinary journey through Duckburg! Every bite reminding you how much you love this town you're leaving behind for some dumb reason.
Launchpad: Mmm, the "family-tini", old family recipe. Tastes like the loving embrace of family. (drinks a glass of the family-tini) Ahh!
Huey: Are these melted popsicles in cups?
Launchpad: The stirrer has a riddle on it. Yeah, you won't get fancy stuff like this in Cape Suzette.
Beakley: (off-screen)
That's probably for the best.
Everyone turns around and surprised to see Beakley go down the stairs.
Beakly: (holding a bowl of ambrosia) I heard there was a farewell party. I brought ambrosia salad.
Webby: Uh! Granny's a master spy! She'll expose our plan! How'd she know about the party?!
Launchpad: I dunno. I specifically wrote on her invitation, "don't come!"
Webby: (face palms) And where is Scrooge? He was supposed to be here half an hour ago! Okay, okay, okay, just need to stall till he arrives. (nervously chuckles)
Back at the party.
Webby: A toast! The dictionary defines "family" as "a group of people bound together by commitment and unwavering loyalty." So, let's each say one nice thing about a particular relative of ours. Ahem. Boys?
Dewey: Uch, fine. I'll go with Uncle Donald, because well, he's devoted to his family. Unlike others.
Huey: Yeah, and he's thoughtful.
Louie: Don't forget passionate.
Donald: Aww!
Launchpad: I like his sailor getup!
Webby: Ugh! Okay, we all love Donald. But how about a relative that is not in this room, who is over 80, and is very, very rich?
Dewey: Why are you guys acting so weird?
Launchpad: Uh, we're not! Emergency bounce house!
Beakley: Webby, Launchpad. A word? (out in the hallway) This is a parent trap, isn't it? You're trying to manufacture sentiment to force Scrooge and the boys to come together against their wills. I want in.
Webby & Launchpad: Really?!
Beakley: If this family won't come together, we'll have to do it for them. I assume you invited Scrooge.
Yeah, but he's running late.
Beakley: Okay. I'll get the boys and Donald emotionally primed while we wait. I'm a former agent and a grandmother. I know how to weaponize guilt.
Lena: (Magica)
(Lena's voice) Here, tea. This time in a convenient no-spill cup.
Scrooge: Finally, without those kids dragging me off on rip-roaring, unforgettable adventures, I can just sit here in peace, stare vacantly at my money, and sulk like an arrant recluse.
Lena: (Magica)
(Lena's voice) On an unrelated note, how's that tea?
Scrooge: Spilt. Like my life.
Lena: (Magica)
(Magica's voice) Oh, my word, it's not a trap. He's actually become this pathetic! How DARE you make me pity you! This is not how I pictured killing you in my head for the last 15 years!
Scrooge: Go on. Scram now. Let me wallow in peace.
Lena: (Magica)
(slaps Scrooge) (Lena's voice) Toughen up, man! You conquered Plain Awful, you found the Last Crown of the Mongols, you even defeated some very powerful dark forces! You don't need family! You're Scrooge McDuck! Act like it!
Scrooge: I "am" Scrooge McDuck. I was adventuring before them. No one helped me then, and I don't need help now!
Lena: (Magica)
Yes! They were all in your way. Mooching, freeloading. Trying to weaken you with compassion and caring.
Scrooge: I'm going back to basics. Doggedly driven, bare, barmy Scrooge flying solo! I don't need Duckburg or the mansion or the Bin! I can start from scratch! I dinnae need these pince-nez spectacles, this handmade silk-weave top hat, these satin spatterdashes! Yes, yes, yes! I don't need anything!
Lena: (Magica)
Not even your Number One Dime!
Scrooge: Well, that's crazy. Of course I need my dime.
Lena: (Magica)
What about starting from scratch? Just give me the dime, and I'll throw it away for you.
Scrooge: Why would a young lass be so interested in getting her hands on my ol' Number One Dime? Maybe you should be going.
Lena pounces on Scrooge.
Scrooge: Lena! What the? Have you gone daft?! Look, I'm not gonna fight a child! Aaaah! Okay, fine!
Lena grabs the dime as the eclipse fully forms. Magica laughs as her shadow fully emerges in front of Scrooge.
Scrooge: It cannae be....
The shadow enters Scrooges dime and comes out a fully formed being.
Magica: Feed my power, Dark Eclipse, free my from the abyss, dormant magic now unchained, the Shadow Queen be whole agaaaaain! Ha ha! Yes! The magic! The body! I'm back!
Magica grabs Lena's amulet and reforms it into a staff.
Magica: Hello, Scroogie. I've missed you.
Scrooge: Magica DeSpell, you black-hearted wretch of the foulest lineage! Impossible! How?!
Magica: Why don't you ask your housekeeper's granddaughter's new best friend? You have a confusing family structure, you know that?
Lena: You got your stupid body back, now leave us alone!
Scrooge: Yes, scat, you rapacious ogress!
Magica: Awww, but I just got here!
Magica encases Scrooge and Lena in a magical cage.
Beakley: Apple shortbread pie with a scoop of sea salt ice cream. A common farewell dessert in certain parts.
Dewey: Finally. Some real food.
Beakley: Oh, I'm so sorry. This was Scrooge's favorite dessert. Oh, I don't want to remind you of that horrid man who lost your mother all those years ago, even if it was an accident that tore him up for ten years, propelling him into a desperate search attempt that left him broken and nearly bankrupt.
Louie: Wait, bankrupt? Really?
Beakley: But I understand, you're upset because you lost one family member, which was terrible and painful, so you decided you should go ahead and lose another. Brilliant. Makes perfect rational sense.
Dewey: Yeah, nailed it, Mrs. B.
Beakley: Yes, distance yourself even further from his life and forsake family altogether. That will definitely fix it.
Launchpad: No! It'll do the opposite of that!
Beakley: Perhaps it's worth considering that the reason Scrooge closed himself off was because the loss of Della was the hardest thing he'd ever faced, harder than any adventure. It's not that he didn't care, it's that he cared about family more than anything in the world. And perhaps he still does. But I'm just the housekeeper. What do I know?
Launchpad: A lot! This lady knows a lot!
Scrooge: You, wee tenebrious traitor! We welcomed you into our home, only to have you unleash this repugnant beast-monger!
Lena: She's my aunt! She made me do it!
Scrooge: Mmm! Family! Good for nothing! Left me completely vulnerable to this!
Lena: Please. Magica only got in here 'cause you threw your family out. My family's good for nothing. Your family is amazing. You fight and get into trouble, but it doesn't matter, because you- I don't know, love each other or something. Dude, I wish I had your family.
Scrooge: You're right, lass. Help me get my family back, and you'll have a place in it. We're all stronger together. Ready?
Lena: I'll see what I can do.
Scrooge: Come on, you Mephistophelian Medusa, let's- Ooh!
Magica: Sorry, I was just watching you rally for a triumphant comeback. So sad. So futile. Now where was I? Oh, yes. Revenge!
Lena: No! Not again! Don't send me back! Noooo!
Scrooge: Bless me bagpipes. Curse you, DeSpell!
Magica: No, no, Scrooge. Curse..... you.
Magica channels Scrooge into the dime.
Magica: Aaah! Mm, not the most inspiring final words. (flips the dime showing Scrooge's face)
Beakley: Now let's toast to a fine farewell meal, topped with a dash of perspective.
Dewey: So, this whole thing was to guilt us into going back to the mansion? Well, it's not gonna work. Sorry, but it's too late. We're going to Cape Suzette with our real family, and that's that, right Uncle Donald?
Donald: No. Ms. B's right. Uncle Scrooge needs us, and we need him. Our family has been apart too long. It's time for us to come together. Come here boys.
Huey and Louie go to Donald and hug him.
Dewey: Wait, wait, wait. But but the spear, and mom, and... and!
Donald nods to Dewey. Dewey wants to be mad at Scrooge, but he cries, and he goes to Donald hugging him.
Launchpad: Family....
Webby: ...trapped!
Dewey: Let's go back to the mansion!
The boat trembles and the group goes outside to see Magica.
Donald: Aw, phooey.
Magica casts a spell to release everyone's shadow.
Magica: Come to me, my shadow puppets!
Gladstone: Hey! $20!
Gladstone's shadow hands him the bill before he flies away.
Fenton: Ah, the perfect vantage point to view the lunar eclipse. Just me, the night sky, and a swirling shadow vortex. A swirling shadow vortex?! (gasps) Blathering Blatherskite!
Fenton's shadow pushes him out of the way to claim the Gizmoduck suit.
Glomgold: Where are you going?! You're my shadow, you hear? Curse you, me!
Louie: Soooo.... still going to Cape Suzette, right? Cool, yeah, I'll start the boat.
Magica: Take it in, Scroogie!
Magica breaks the bin open.
Beakley: Magica De Spell!
Dewey: Wait, who?
Webby: Magica De Spell. A vile sorceress with a mysterious, ancient grudge against Clan McDuck. She was Scrooge's bitterest rival, but no one's seen her since they fought on Mount Vesuvius 15 years ago.
Beakley: All right, all. Cool heads. We must help Scrooge before anything else-
A kelp monster emerges on the boat.
Louie: Take my brothers first, please!
The monster removes his kelp to reveal Manny.
Donald: Oh.
Huey: It's just Manny!
Gyro: That's it! No more underwater labs. It's volcanoes or abandoned castles from now on!
Huey: Dr. Gearloose? What happened?
Gyro: Our own shadows came to life and wrecked the lab- (interrupts Huey) A-ah- My shadow control ray is still on the test phase so this one is not on me.
Donald: Everybody, listen up. (unintelligible speech) "(UNCLE SCROOGE IS IN TROUBLE AND ITS UP TO US TO HELP HIM)"
Everyone else: What?
Launchpad: Did anyone get any of that?
Huey: It's mostly context clues.
Louie: We get, like, every third word.
Dewey: Nope, completely unintelligible.
Donald: I'll show you unintelligible!
Gyro: Ugh, I don't have time for this. The Barksian Modulator. Able to translate neural impulses into sonic transmissions.
Launchpad: Buh?
Gyro: (sighs) It's a voicebox.
Louie: Oh, okay, Barksian Modulator.
Huey: Oh, okay. Yeah, good idea.
Webby: What took you so long?
Launchpad: Buh.
Donald: HANDS OFF OF ME... (his voice changes) YOU MAD SCIENTIST!
Dewey: Wow, he sounds so.... normal.
Donald: Rubber baby.... buggy bumpers, rubber baby buggy bumpers, rubber baby buggy bumpers, haha! Wow, never been able to say that before! (clears throat) As I was saying, Uncle Scrooge is in trouble, and it's up to us to help him. Adventure is in our blood. We face down perilous foes and endless dangers everyday, but we always prevail. Because these. Ducks. Don't. Back. Down.
Beakley: Thank you, Donald. Now, we need to-
Donald: -stage a coordinated attack. Gyro, you and your team will charge the bridge to distract Magica's shadow forces.
Donald: Launchpad. Head up the air attack to draw her attention. Do you think you can crash into the bin? All right, all right, all right. (clears throat) And Beakley, while the others are distracting Magica, you and I will sneak around back in my newly fixed-up houseboat.
Beakley: That is..... actually very close to what I was going to say.
Dewey: And we.....?
Donald puts life jackets on the kids.
Donald: ...will stay here and out of danger.
Webby: Oh, come on!
Dewey: But-
Donald: This isn't an adventure. This is Magica De Spell. Under no circumstances are you kids to come to the bin. Do you understand?
Webby: Yes.
The triplets: Yes, Uncle Donald.
Dewey: So we're totally sneaking into the money bin, right?
Huey: But how are we going to take on an entire shadow army?
Dewey: The Ducks don't back down. Now, only if we knew someone with experience breaking into places.
Webby: You mean like a noble teen ne'er-do-well who can break into anything including your heart?
Dewey: Yeah, that'd be great. (gasp)
Webby and Huey: Lena!
Louie: It's Lena!
Dewey: Lena right, I was going to say Lena. Great.
Beakley: Alright, just like when I led that uprising in Eagleslavia, I'll take the wheel, you-
Donald: Nuh-uh. My house, my rules.
Beakley: Aye aye, sir. Get ready for the storm.
Donald: I am the storm.
Beakley: Uh, seriously. Have you've been saying things like that this whole time?
Magica: Gah, best seat in the house. Now the revenge monologue I've been plotting for fifteen years. "To my most hated nemesis, that's you. As you know, you banished me to a nether realm within your dime where I've been biding my time, devising your delicious downfall. In conclusion-" Wait, these are out of order. Hold on. Hold on! Don't roll your eye at me! I've been trapped for fifteen years! I'm entitled to a full minute of gloating! I will make you watch as I destroy everything you've ever loved starting with your precious little town! Ooh that's good. Got a pen?
Dewey: Yo, Lena!
Webby: Where are you? Oh, what if my best friend was taken by the shadows?
Dewey: Webby, don't lose faith. Remember, Ducks don't back... down?
Gyro: Tonight, we seek revenge on those who destroyed our lab, and whoever defeats the most shadows will earn the most elusive prize of all, my respect. Oh, and the loser is fired. Good luck!
Manny: (clopping) I really need this job.
Lil' Bulb: (blinks on and off)
Launchpad: Pilot to co-pilot we're ready for launch. Could be dangerous. Suggested flight path?
Bobblehead: Let's get dangerous.
Huey: Is this where Lena lives?
Louie: Ugh, explains why she's always sleeping over at our house.
Webby: Lena? Sorry to barge in unannounced.
Huey: Maybe she's hiding?
Dewey: A journal.
Webby: You can't read her journal. Although if she were taken she might have left a note. A poem! Best friend, rebel, poet: is there anything Lena can't do? Ahem.
To end the line of Clan McDuck,
She sought a token of their luck,
While with the eclipse in its prime,
She trapped old Scrooge within his dime,
But Scrooge reversed her vengeance plans,
And in his dime the witch did land,
Yet as he struck the final blow,
She cast a spy from her shadow,
I walk the earth and wield her power,
To bring about McDuck's last hour.
Louie: Lena was Magica's spy?!
Huey: Lena is a shadow?
Webby: She betrayed us all to free Magica. (looks at her bracelet) She was never my friend.
Dewey: You might not have her, but you still have us. We're family, and Ducks don't-
Webby: Save it!
Huey: Ah! Uh! Uh, guys. Check this out. Magica used the power of the eclipse to escape Scrooge's dime.
Louie: Only to trap him there instead.
Dewey: We have to get to that dime and save Scrooge ourselves, and I know just how to Dewey it.
Magica: Is this your favorite treasure? Oh, too bad. Now it's ice cream. Want a lick? Whoops. How does it feel, Scroogie? (notices plane) Oh, looks like your family's come to play. Say goodbye, McDuck. Mwa ha ha ha ha ha! Fore!
Gyro: (gasp)
Magica: Home run! Tennis thing! Sports! Ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha!
The kids swim up through the breached underwater lab.
Louie: Look what I found? What? We like Scrooge again. Ugh, whatever, get your own kopek.
Dewey: Elevator's busted. How are we going to get to the bin entrance on the top floor?
Louie: Uuugh...
Launchpad: Sorry to crash the party. Sorry to crash the party. Crash... the... par- Hey, not cool.
Gyro: Augh! You'll never take me alive! Wait, no. Please take me alive.
Magica: At last one of Scrooge's beloved nephew- Wait, who are you?
Gyro: I'm Scrooge's number one scientist.
Magica: Blink once if this guy is a good friend, twice if he's just a work acquaintance.
Scrooge dime: (blinks twice)
Gyro: Aw...
Magica: Bah!
Gyro: wooh (gasp)
Donald: (boat engine dies) Ah, no, not now!
Beakley: Ugh, hah, uh!
Donald: We gotta get to the bin!
Beakley: You go! I'll be fine. Haven't had a proper fight in a while, anyway.
Donald: Look after my boat!
Beakley: Huh, if Donald can keep this bucket afloat, how hard can it be? Ugh, hah, huh! Hey, what's the big idea?! Ugh, hah, huh! (boat catches on fire) Oh, phooey...
Dewey: (panting) So close.
Huey: Ugh.
Louie: Ugh, Louie... out.
Huey: Um, guys? When did our shadows come back? Ugh!
Webby: G'aaaahh!
Dewey: Ah! Aaahh!
Webby: Cut the lights so they won't cast shadows!
Dewey hits the power cable using Louie's kopesh, shutting the lights down.
Huey: Now we can't see!
Webby: I can.
Dewey: Everyone hold hands, and form a chain behind Webby.
Huey: Uh.
Louie: Ew! Huey, your hands are clammy.
Dewey: C'mon guys. Ducks don't back down!
Huey: I literally never heard that family motto before today!
Louie: Ugh, we're never going to find Scrooge's office.
Dewey: I found Scrooge's office.
Kids: (gasp)
Dewey: Okay, maybe we should listen to- Uncle Donald?
Donald: Arrgh!
Kids: (gasp)
Donald: Get away from my kids! Urgh! ha ha! (panting) Rrgh!
Louie: We can explain!
Donald: Please, I told you not to come, so of course you showed up just when I need you.
Louie: Classic reverse psychology. I feel like I should have seen that coming.
Donald: Go save your uncle. I'll keep these palookas at bay. Ducks don't back down.
Dewey: See, I told you it's a thing.
Huey: It's cooler when he does it.
Donald: Come and get it, you no-good rarrgh!
Kids: Waahhh! ugh!
Magica: Ooh, look. Children. Looking for this? Come and get it. Ha ha ha ha ha.
Dewey: Give us back our uncle!
Magica: Oh, he's trapped forever inside the thing he loves most. Sorry.
Webby: Split up!
Huey: Then what?!
Dewey: Do what we do best: make trouble.
Donald: Take that! And that! Hey! Ow! Wait! Ow! Hey! Ow-ow-ow-ow! Who's- owowowow- next?! Augh!
Manny: (clopping) Farewell... brother.
Fenton: Blathering blatherskite. Innovation, gentlemen. If we increase Lil' Bulb's wattage output, and optimize the laser's spacial coherence, yes. Manny, we ride!
Beakley: (panting) Oh, he fixed the boat once. He can do it again, right? Uh, yah, waah!
Launchpad: Crash the party! Huh? Oh come on, I'm the best at crashing. (gasp) Wait! Take the wheel!
Bobblehead: Let's get dangerous.
Launchpad: (singing)
Launchpad climbs out on the plane,
Gonna start a fight,
Wish I could think of a word,
That would rhyme with fight,
(talking) Alright!
Huey: Hey, couple of questions for you. If you were caught in the dime, how come we never saw you in it? Also, Scrooge isn't exactly magical, so how did he manage to trap you in- Ahh! Followup-
Magica: Ah!
Huey: How does the lunar eclipse factor into all this?
Magica: Well, you see I channel my powers... It's just magic, okay?
Huey: Eh, ha, huh huh!
Magica: Huh!
Louie: Oh no, you broke the mirror of Taiki!
Magica: The what now?!
Louie: Ancient artifact? Terrible curse if you break it?
Magica: I've never heard of it, and I am versed in all magics. Gaelic, Demogorgan, Sumarian.
Louie: Sumarian? You were in that dime a long time, ha ha ha. Well, good luck with the curse.
Magica: What kind of curse?
Louie: Grave misfortune, increased gullibility, a swift kick in the ribs.
Magica: A what?
Webby: Hyah! Ah!
Magica: My ribs!
Webby: Grr!
Magica: Ooh, someone's mad.
Webby: Uhp! Ugh! Hyah! I just got a family! I thought I had a best friend in Lena! Yah! And you took that all away! Guah!
Magica: (panting) Yah! (gasp)
Webby: YOU ARE NOT... A... NICE... PERSON!
Magica: AH!
Webby: Ah! ugh!
Magica: Lena couldn't be your friend, because she was never real!
Webby: I don't believe you.
Dewey: huh! Ah!
Magica: You had sleepovers with a shadow. You gave it a friendship bracelet. Honestly, it's embarrassing how pathetic you were. Here, let me put you out of your misery.
Webby: Nrrgh! huh?
Magica: What?
Webby: Huh?
Magica: (gasp)
Lena: Get away from my best friend, Aunt Magica!
Webby: Lena?
Magica: Aunt? You're even worse than her! You aren't my family. You are nothing!
Lena: Ahh!!!!
Webby: Nooooo! Rarrgh!!
Magica: Gah!
Webby: Rrgh! Rrgh! Rrgh! Rrgh!
Dewey: (catches the dime) Got it!
Magica: Hey! Wha?!
Dewey: So listen, Uncle Scrooge. I guess I get why you didn't tell us about our mom. Shuh! And maybe we should've realize that when we lost our mom, you lost her too. but, GAH! Okay, not the time for a heart-to-heart. Ahh!
Webby: Ahh!
Magica: That's mine!
Dewey: (panting) Ah!
Magica: Gah!
Dewey: Ahh! Uhh! Huh?
Scrooge: Yah! Thanks, lad. Way to dispel your own spell, De Spell. Ah, yah! you know, I ought to to thank you.
Magica: For showing you how weak and pathetic you truly are? You're welcome.
Scrooge: If you hadn't attacked me, my family may well have left forever. By trying to destroy me, you sort of saved my family.
Magica: That's not what happened!
Donald: Huh, huh, I got it! Whuh! Yee! ugh!
Magica's staff falls hand and hits Donald's head, cracking the gem.
Magica: Huh, AHHHH!!!!
Magica loses her magic and shadow army. The Sun Chaser starts falling because it's no longer being held by the shadow vortex.
Launchpad: Ah! Huh?
Magica: Ugh. Hmm! my powers! They're gone! You ruined everything! Whuahh!
Launchpad: (falling) Sorry to crash the party!
Launchpad crashes on top of her.
Magica: Oof!
Scrooge: Uwah!
Launchpad: Huh, never crashed a "me" before.
Magica: Ugh! ugh! Curse you, McDuck! You haven't seen the last of me! (coughing)
Everyone: Woo hoo!
Beakley: Good show!
Donald: Woo hoo! We did it!
Beakley: We sure did. Now about your boat.
Dewey: Ha ha, yeah!
Webby: Lena's... gone.
Dewey: But she sacrificed herself to save you: Webby: Hah, I guess she really was my best friend.
Dewey: She'll always be with you.
Scrooge: Huey. Louie. The third one. Curse me kilts, have I missed you!
Webby, Dewey, Huey, Louie jump on Scrooge and hug him.
Donald: Family truly is the greatest-
Donald chokes the voice box out of his throat.
Everyone: Ew.
Scrooge covers the voicebox with coins.
Scrooge: Anyone up for a midnight swim?
They swim in money as Launchpad spits out the gold.
Launchpad: Bleh! Don't drink this water!
On the moon, we see the wreckage of the Spear of Selene rocket. Within the rocket, an enigmatic person is setting up a TV and gets a signal of a news report by Roxanne. The person moves to see the news.
Roxanne Featherly: And so Duckburg is saved, thanks to Scrooge McDuck and his family!
The enigmatic duck places a hand on the TV and removes the goggles; It is Della Duck!
Della Duck: (gasps) Boys?