The episode commences showing the summit of a mountain.
Scrooge: Mt. Neverrest, the highest peak in the world. Most prized of the seven summits, Neverrest has claimed the world's finest explorers. It is said to be completely unclimbable, But now that smug stack of stalagmites has to deal with Scrooge McDuck.
Louie: Wait, so instead of spending Christmas in a billionaire's mansion waiting for Santa Claus...
Scrooge: That man is not allowed in my home. He knows what he did.
Louie: We're following an old man up Mt. Certain Doom, here?
Huey: Oh, Mt. Neverrest is three times deadlier than Mt. Certain Doom. The mountain summit remains shrouded in mystery. No one's ever seen the top, which makes it the perfect place to earn my Junior Woodchuck cartography badge. Do you have any idea how hard it is to find a topographical landscape that hasn't already been mapped?
Louie: No.
Huey: Well, very. I've got a geographic information system, satellite radar detector, thermal...
Scrooge: Bah, you don't need all that fancy doohickory. All you need is your wits, determination, and these. my old surveying tools.
Huey: Wow, the rusty with the wisdom of experience.
Scrooge: That's the spirit. I'm going to be the first person to set foot on the top of Neverrest.
Huey: And I'm going to be the first person to draw a picture of it.
Launchpad: This is your captain speaking. Flight doors are now open.
Scrooge: Ah, drink it in, kids. Her deadly peaks, her bottomless crevices. Her flawless sheets of brilliant white snow betray no hint of the ancient secrets hidden beneath. Completely untrolled by man, the untamed majesty of Mt. Neverrest.
Webby: Oh, churros.
opening theme: Huey: What are all these people doing here? I thought this place was supposed to be uncharted territory. And this map isn't accurate at all. Mountain goats aren't native to this region and why is the sun wearing sunglasses? Is he looking at another, brighter sun?
Scrooge: Don't pay any attention to these tourists, my boy. Nothing but tchotchkes and cheese puffs. We're real explorers.
Huey: Like George Mallardy.
Louie: Who?
Huey: Only the greatest mountaineer of the twentieth century. Legend has it that Mallardy made it farther up the mountain than anyone, but was lost trying to rescue a fellow incompetent climber famously known as the Neverrest Ninny.
Louie: George Mallardy. He died as he lived. Breathing.
Scrooge: Ach, stop your havering. That's just a load of nonsense to sell t-shirts to tourists. We're going to outdo that quitter Mallardy by making it to the top.
Louie: You realize there's a difference between quitting and dying, right?
Scrooge: Not to me.
Dewey: They never have "Dewey."
Webby: Everybody stand back! I've been waiting to do this my whole life. Sledding! Hah, well, okay.
Dewey: Webby, Webby, you're doing it all wrong. If you want the maximum sledding experience, you need to wait for the maximum opportune moment.
Webby: (gasp) We're going to sled down Mt. Neverrest?
Dewey: And/or die trying.
Webby and Dewey: Woooo!!!
Salesman: Hey pal, looking to prove your mettle up there on the slopes of old Neverrest?
Launchpad: Yep.
Salesman: Big, strapping guy like you must be prepared for ice fever, right?
Launchpad: You bet. What is that?
Salesman: You don't have any protection against the deadly ravages of ice fever? It can strike even the most experienced climber down in mere minutes.
Launchpad: But it can take several minutes to climb Neverrest. Maybe longer. What do I do?
Salesman: Buddy, I got just the thing for you.
Launchpad: Wow, these are pretty expensive. You sure I need these?
Salesman: That depends. Do you want your eyes to freeze out of your head?
Launchpad: That would make flying harder.
Salesman: You'll also going to want this heat reflecting blanket, this oxygen tank to keep your mind sharp when the fever starts killing off your brain cells by the thousands, foot warmers, foot coolers, commemorative canteen, goop, grip, grop, and these state of the art smart heating gloves. They got an ice fever rating of eight...
Launchpad: hmmm.
Salesman: ...out of seven?
Launchpad: Oooohhh.
Scrooge: Alright, true explorers. Now this mountain is going to throw everything she's got at us.
Louie: But it will be worth it when we find the treasure of Mt. Neverrest. Haha.
Scrooge: There is no treasure of Mt. Neverrest.
Louie: Nope. Louie out. Already gone. Have fun!
Huey: Let's go set foot on the roof of the world!
Dewey: And then throw ourselves off it!
Webby: Yeah!
Launchpad: First the ice fever takes your vision. Then it makes you feel all warm and toasty, even though you're freezing to death. Then it makes your limbs all heavy.
Scrooge: Ah, it's just a bit nippy. How did you afford all that gear, anyway?
Launchpad: Louie put it on his corporate credit card.
Scrooge: Louie doesn't have a corporate credit card.
Launchpad: Oh. Louie gave me your credit card.
Webby: Now?
Dewey: Not yet. We only got one shot at this. Once you're down, there's no coming back up.
Webby: Right. Can't wait! Oof!
Dewey: Maximum opportune moment.
Webby: Ach, fine.
Dewey: "Point of no return," "This way to certain death," "This way to cocoa." Hmm...
Dewey and Webby: Certain death!
Scrooge: That's the spirit!
Launchpad: (grunts) woaahh!!
Scrooge: Launchpad, hand me my climbing spats, will you?
Launchpad: Whoooaahhh! Ow! Oof! Ow!
Scrooge: Launchpad?
Launchpad: Ow! Oof! AAHHH!
Webby: Where'd he go?
Huey: He had half of our equipment.
Launchpad: Ahh, Oh, no more, Ahhh! Ugh, where am I? I've gone snow blind! The ice fever's setting in! NOOO! AAAHHH!
Scrooge: Probably cozying up with hot cocoa along with Louie. Anyone else want to chicken out? Last thing we need on this trip is a bunch of Neverrest ninnies.
Huey: I thought you said that was a myth.
Scrooge: Just because it's a myth doesn't mean it's not true.
Huey: Well actually it...
Scrooge: Don't you worry, kids. It'll take more than a pompous pile of pebbles to slow your old Uncle Scrooge down. I promise, I won't let anything bad happen to you.
Dewey: Aah!
Scrooge: From now on. Nothing bad from now on. Heads down, knees up. Let's go.
Huey: I'm going to call this Murder Ridge, after Death Peak but before the Chasm of Infinite Despair. Aw, I'll call that Bunny Rock.
Dewey and Webby: AAHHH!
Huey: Hmm. I'm still going to call it Bunny Rock.
Scrooge: Curse me kilts.
Huey: End of the line, Uncle Scrooge? Hmm...
Dewey: Well, looks like we'll have to settle for a double luge de luge and a moderate ollie flatspin five-forty.
Webby: Sledding!
Scrooge: Hehey! Nice try, Neverrest!
Huey and Dewey: Yeah!
Webby: Aw, I mean, yeah...
Launchpad: So hot. Oh no, the next stage of ice fever. I can't remove any of my gear or I'll freeze to death. Limbs heavy. Movements lethargic.
hot tubber: Watch it! Hey!
Launchpad: I can hear the shrill wail of Neverrest's cruel wind calling me. "Surrender..." No! this is not the end of Launchpad McQuack! It will be by plane crash or not at all! AAHHH! A YETI!
Scrooge: Don't need this, or this, what even is this? Certainly don't need this.
Huey: Um, the Junior Woodchuck Guidebook suggests we need at least some of this stuff.
Scrooge: We don't need anything but grit, gumption, and an unwavering...
Huey: ...and water.
Webby: Now?
Dewey: I think that would technically be more falling than sledding.
Scrooge: Haha, Take that, you magniloquent molehill.
Huey: What a rush! I thought we were done for.
Scrooge: Nonsense, lad. We're going straight to the top.
Huey: We must have gained some serious altitude with that climb. We should be closer than ever, and, wait, is that Bunny Rock? This can't be right. Maybe we should backtrack to figure out where we went wrong.
Scrooge: Please, I'm sure that's an entirely different naturally occurring demon-faced rock.
Huey: Okay, but it is snowing so the smart thing to do is...
Scrooge: ...Set up camp! There's a cave up about five hundred meters ahead. See?
Dewey: Cool dark and foreboding cave, Uncle Scrooge.
Huey: But this area's uncharted. How did you know this would be here?
Webby: Uh, guys? I don't think we're the first climbers to have this idea.
Huey: Woah.
Dewey: Where are their heads?
Webby: Found them!
Huey: Um, maybe we find a slightly less deadly cave. Wait, wait, the entrance was right here. We must have got turned around, it's got to be here somewhere.
Dewey: Ennugh! Is that?
Scrooge: George Mallardy, greatest mountaineer of the twentieth century.
Webby: Wait, he's written something out on the wall, here.
Dewey: "Curse you, McDuck."
Scrooge: Urchins, If I had a nickel for every person who cursed me with their dying breath, I'd be twice as rich as I already am.
Huey: Junior Woodchuck Rule 1118: a woodchuck chief must always be honest with his crew.
Scrooge: Fine. Ugh, I was the Neverrest Ninny.
Kids: What?
Scrooge: Seventy-five years ago today, I hired Mallardy to make me up the mountain. I just made my first million, and I wanted to mark the occasion by doing something no one had ever done. I may have been a little inexperienced, but I didn't want to leave anything to chance.
Mallardy: (laughs mercilessly at Scrooge)
Scrooge: Mallardy mocked me mercilessly. He ordered me to lighten up my load. I was afraid to risk my emergency supplies, and my sizable money belt. So he cut me loose. I was weighed down by doubt and branded the Neverrest Ninny.
Mallardy: (laughing maniacally)
Scrooge: Mallardy was never heard from again. But he became the man to make it the farthest up the mountain. Now, he's the second farthest.
Huey: Uncle Scrooge!
Scrooge: What? He was a backstabbing blaggard who almost got me killed.
Huey: I think the mountain got even for you.
Scrooge: And now, we'll get even with the mountain. We will brave the new frontier. Chart the unknown.
Huey: How can I chart the unknown if I don't know what I'm charting? I'm telling you this mountain doesn't make any sense.
Webby: I think I hear the wind coming from this way.
Huey: Webby, wait!
Scrooge: Good initiative, Webbigail.
Webby: Thanks, Mr. McDuck.
Huey: Didn't you just... Weren't you...
Webby: I found an opening.
Scrooge: Lead the way.
Dewey: Woo Hoo!
Webby: We made it!
Scrooge: We should be closer than ever now.
Huey: Is that Bunny Rock?
Scrooge: Oh, Come on!
Launchpad: The ice fever... its final stages... must... stay... warm...
Louie: Um, Launchpad?
Launchpad: So... warm...
Louie: Launchpad!
Launchpad: Ahhh! Louie! Is that you? Stay calm, little buddy. We need to find a way off this island before ice fever takes up both.
Louie: You know ice fever is not a thing, right?
Launchpad: You're talking crazy. You must have it too. Crazy talk is the third stage of ice fever.
Louie: Who told you that?
Launchpad: The guy who sold me this blanket.
Louie: Standard double snake-oil, I see how it is. Well no one cons my family but me.
Launchpad: Our combined body heat will save us both. Soak in the wetness of my sweat.
Louie: Ew, so much wetness! ew!
Scrooge: At last, after all these years. the summit of Mt. Neverrest. We're in the clear, now, kids. Ha Hah! (quietly) ha hah...
Huey: That's it! I'm putting my foot down. We can't go forward.
Scrooge: Oh course we can. The summit's right there.
Huey: We are violating every rule of my Junior Woodchuck training. We're out of supplies. It's starting to get cold, so even if we make it to the top, we'd freeze to death before we get down. Oh, and we keep trying to go up this way, the whole thing is going to come crashing down. This is all too risky!
Scrooge: Don't you go ninny on me, lad. You'll never get your cartography badge with that attitude.
Huey: I don't care! We have to turn around. Now!
Dewey and Webby: Now!
Huey: You already beat Mallardy. Isn't that enough?
Scrooge: No, we'd be daft to give up with the peak in our grasp.
Huey: It's not giving up, it's just having common sense.
Scrooge: For the last time, nothing bad is going to happen.
Dewey and Webby: AAAHHH!!!
Huey: Dewey! Webby!
Scrooge: Kids!
Webby: Yodellayheehoo!
Huey: How did you guys get up there?
Dewey: I don't know!
Scrooge: Maybe Launchpad was right about ice fever.
Dewey: What are you... Ow! What?
Scrooge: What the blistering bagpipes is going on here?
Huey: Wormholes! This mountain is covered in some kind of mystical dimensional doorways that have been randomly zapping us around the trail all day. Between the fog and the snow, we didn't even realize it. That's why my map didn't make sense.
Scrooge: Chutzpah! A mountain protecting its peak with portals. Neverrest, you beautiest butte, you never cease to amaze. And you wanted to turn around.
Webby: What are you doing?
Dewey: We're at the top of a magical mystery mountain. I'm going to find my sled like, now.
Webby: Yes! Oh,
Dewey: What!
Dewey and Webby: (laughing) Woah hoh! I'm getting nauseous. Are you getting nauseous? My brain hurts! You know what I mean?
Huey: Careful, the more you shuffle around the less stable this ice fall becomes!
Dewey: Hey, my sled.
Scrooge: Hmm. I don't have to climb the ice fall, I just have to find the wormhole that sled fell through.
Huey: Uncle Scrooge, no!
Scrooge: Ha Hah! I'm gonna do it! Mt. Neverrest, consider yourself conquered! Conquered! Conquered! Conquered!
Huey: Just stop! There's no way to reach the top. The mountain won't let you. Let this one go!
Scrooge: Look how far we've come!
Huey: Farther than anyone has ever made it. Isn't that enough?
Scrooge: I will not be the Neverrest Ninny for another seventy-five years.
Huey: Nobody has used the word ninny in seventy-five years. Junior Woodchuck Rule 727: Sometimes the bravest thing an explorer can do is walk away.
Webby: Now?
Dewey: Now!
Scrooge: Now! Hang on Kiddos!
Huey: AHH! Woah, Ahh! grrr...
All: AHHH! Whew! AHHH! Whew! AHHH! Whew! AAAAHHHHH!!
Salesman: Ooh! Of course if you really want to survive in style, you'll need something from our Mallardy Selects Collection.
Louie: You! Are you the man who sold my friend all this useless equipment?
Salesman: Ehh, uh...
Louie: Look at him! He's dying of ice fever! All the overpriced junk you sold him did nothing!
Salesman: Nah, no, that's impossible.
Louie: Tell that to this poor man.
Launchpad: I see a bright light. This is it. Louie, bury me among the clouds.
Louie: (gasp) He's delirious!
Salesman: No, he's an idiot. He's not dying of ice fever. Ice fever isn't real.
Tourists: grrr...
Salesman: Um, maybe just of sort of not real?
Tourists: I want a refund!
Launchpad: Ha ha, You saved me! You carried me down the mountain single-handedly and cured me of ice fever!
Louie: Sure. Yeah. Why not?
Launchpad: Ha ha ha, we survived! Take that, Mt. Neverrest! You won't claim our bodies, today!
All: (panting)
Webby: So, that's sledding, huh? Meh.
Huey: Sorry we didn't make it to the top, Uncle Scrooge.
Scrooge: Ah, don't worry. There's more to Neverrest than just a mountain. There's more to us than a couple of ninnies who couldn't climb it. Plenty more adventures where that came from, eh lad? Now where the blazes is that hot cocoa stand? I am freezing.