Opens with a storm in Duckburg and a villian cackling to the sky: Dr. Atmoz: Ha, ha, ha!
Gizmoduck: Dr. Atmoz Fear! It's time I- uh, rain on your parade.
Dr. Atmoz: Ha, you're not even trying anymore.
Gizmoduck: I'm sorry, you're my third weather based villian this month. In between the crime sprees and the public service and the... [Sighs] everything, I haven't had a chance to re-up my puns.  (phone rings) One second. Hello? Oh hi, Huey.  No, no don't reschedule, I need a break.
Dr. Atmoz: You're too busy to finish telling me how busy you are?  Gizmoduck, you're burned out! (Brings down lightning, Gizmoduck ducks and dodges, breaking the device.)
Gizmoduck: It's time I rain on your parade!
Dr. Atmoz: You literally just said that.
Gizmoduck: Ugh, I'm sorry. (blasts off with Dr. Atmoz)
[Theme song plays]
Open to Huey and Webby standing in front of a store called "Ray's Electronics," Webby watches the televisions in the store window.
Webby: So... Where is this friend?
Huey: Oh! [nervously] Fenton is... Very busy... Working... On robotics!
Overhead, we see Gizmoduck flying above Huey, crash-landing in a nearby alleyway. Several garbage cans clatter and a cat hisses in fright.
Webby: [Gasps]
Fenton: Sorry I'm late!
Huey: Fenton! There ya are! You just missed a Gizmoduck fly-by!
Webby: [Gasps] You're Gizmoduck!
Fenton: [angrily] Huey!
Huey: I didn't say anything!
Webby: Hi, I'm Webby! Nice to see you! Does your suit have a toilet?!
Fenton pulls a journal out of his bag. He opens it to a page that reads "People who know I'm Gizmoduck." The list consists of 'Gyro , Launchpad , Dewey , Huey, Beaks , Scrooge , the mailman, the dry cleaner, that barista at Starducks, everyone who lives on my block.' He adds Webby's name to said list.
Fenton: No matter. Heroing is well and good, but today is about science! About Fenton Crackshell-Cabrera peeling back the veil of the unknown to make a discovery so revolutionary that I'll remembered as more than just... [Opens the door to the electronics store]
A wall of TVs is playing various news stations reporting on Gizmoduck's heroisms. Fenton stands in front of them and frowns.
Huey: Poor Fenton's worn out from saving the day everyday!
Webby: The tragic hero who cares for everyone... But himself...
Fenton: [To an employee walking by] Excuse me, I'm looking for your latest birefringent beam splitters?
Gandra: Beam splitters, huh? Cubic or dichroic mirror?
Fenton: Huh? You know about dichroic mirror splitters?
Gandra: Yes... Because I'm a scientist. High-energy physics can be challenging for a rookie. [Tosses him the beam splitter]
Fenton: [Fumbles with the beam splitter] Oh I'm no rookie! I-I'm a scientist with McDuck enterprises, actually!
Gandra: Oh... Sell-out science! Pushing pencils, wearing a suit! Brain-storming the next Gizmoduck, like we need anymore of that show-off.
Fenton: W-wh, wait, I– What is it you do?
Gandra: Uh... Shatter expectations? [Her phone rings and she takes it out] Ugh. [she rejects the call] I have no rules, no limits, I don't kiss up to zillionaires, I work for myself!
Fenton: Actually, I'm working on my own project that's pretty neat. I haven't quite cracked the equation yet but it's still very dangerous. The most dangerous kind of neat. Grrr....
Gandra: Alright 'suit', you're doing hard science? Show me your lab!
Fenton: [Sweating] Uh... Yes. My lab. T-that is mine. I'll pick you up at 7:00 for some severe... sciencing.
The focus blurs, and then zooms out to reveal that Webby and Huey are watching Gandra and Fenton banter through a nearby camera on a tripod.
Webby: Are they... fighting?
Huey: Oh Webby. [Pulls out the Junior Woodchuck Guidebook] This is the standard romantic courting of adults, commonly known as a "meet-cute."
Webby: Are you sure? Fenton looks awfully sweaty.
Huey: Anxious perspiration, intense eye contact, coy body language. Only thing we haven't seen is the awkward yet adorable accident.
Gandra: [Moving towards Fenton] Do you want my name or address or... any... means of contact?
Fenton: Uh, yes, of course, all of it! [Knocks over a stand of batteries]
Huey: Love is in the air!
Gandra takes Fenton's phone and puts in her contact info. She hands it back to him, having put in her contact information as "Gandra D [scientist emoji] [sparkle emoji]"
Gandra: It's Gandra. Gandra Dee. [exits]
Cut to a television in Fenton's room at home, playing the news. Duckburg reporter Roxanne Featherly is on said TV.
Roxanne Featherly: Customers lining up for the new Waddle-Watch got an even more exciting surprise as Gizmoduck–
Fenton: [turns the TV off, enteres the shot with two identical yellow shirts in hand] So... The yellow, or the yellow?
Webby: You need something more formal, like a tux! Ooh! Or a fancy cloak!
Fenton: I have a lab coat.
Huey: You have to dress to impress! [touches a molecular model on Fenton's windowsill and it falls apart] Eh?!
Fenton: Guys, this is just a meeting of the minds, that could turn into a flirtation that could then blossom into a loving relationship for as long as we both shall live! ...But I don't want to come on too strong, so not a date.
Huey: A night of romance is just the break you need!
Webby: And, if things don't go well, you could always reveal that you're Gizmoduck! [puts on the Gizmoduck helmet]
Fenton: NO Gizmo! [takes the helmet from her] Just Fenton.
Huey: We'll take care of everything. The lab will be perfect for your DAAaaAAaaATE!
Fenton: Not a date!
The bedroom door bursts open: Officer Cabrera: What's this about a date?
Fenton, Webby, and Huey rush to hide the Gizmoduck Helmet as quickly as possible and try to maintain the most casual pose possible.
Fenton: It's a little lab session with a peer. I should just be myself, right M'ma?
Officer Cabrera: Oh no, Never be yourself on a first date. Or a second. Or any dates. You have to be the best version of yourself. [Retreats from the doorway and returns with a white suit & purple shirt] Here, this was your dad's. I've been saving it for a special occasion. Have a nice time Pollito! Oh, and if that girl breaks your heart, I will hunt her down and dismantle her life, piece by piece... [gives a thumbs up and leaves]
[Cut to Launchpad driving with Fenton in Scrooge's car]
Launchpad: So, what's this big date?
Fenton: Not a date.
Launchpad: Right, of course! But if it was, I say it good to see you find that special someone. And someone can be many things! A friend, a confidant, a deadly ninja, a forbidden mermaid, a were-duck, a clone of youself...
[Launchpad stops, where Fenton should met Gandra]
Launchpad: A viking shield maiden, a talking cloud of energy that one time...
[Fenton go out of the car]
Fenton: Greetings!
Gandra: Nice upgrade suit, yeah you're definitely the bad boy of science. Let's take your limo, mine is in the shop.
[Gandra and Fenton go in the limozine]
Launchpad: Get comfy! I'll have you at your date at no time!
[Fenton gasps]
Fenton: You know, there's no pressure. This doesn't have to be a date!
Gandra: You don't want this to be a date?
Fenton: No, it can't be! I mean, I just wanted to have it what you want it to be! We're just... two minds melding!
Launchpad: Woof...
[Launchpad turns of the radio]
Radio music: It's a date. Don't let him trick you, no...
[Gandra and Fenton arrives]
Fenton: My intern should be prepping the lab right now! It's a very professional work environment!
[Huey opens the door for Gandra and Fenton, and they go in to a room with a romantic table and a heart festoon. Huey is wearing a servant outfit]
Huey:: Benvenuti! Welcome to Jetta Scorpios, a place for romance! Prego, prego, prego! Please follow me.
[Li'l bulb go under a lampshade on the table]
Gandra: This is your lab? How do you get anything done with all this moody, Italian decor?
Fenton: He he, yeah, this is not... [Nervous]
[Webby go to the table, also in a servant outfit]
Webby: Buongiorno, can I tell you about the tonight's special? It's spaghetti! Please order it, it's the only thing we made.
Fenton: [Whispering to Webby] Where is Dr. Gearloose?
Webby: Oh, we took good care of him.
[Gyro is closed in another room in the labratory and shouting]
Gandra: What was that?
Fenton: The, uh, Crackshell-Cabrera talking closet! Uh, will you 'scuce me a second?
[Fenton going with Webby and Huey away from Gandra]
Fenton: This is a disaster! She's not into romance accoutrement! She's into science!
Huey: According to the JWG, mood is essential, without it how will you to develope chemistry?
Fenton: With actual chemistry!
[While Fenton is talking with the kids, Gandra gets a call from Mark Beaks, and go where Fenton can't hear it]
Gandra: Argh, what do you want?
Mark Beaks: [In the phone] Hey, so I don't like you not answering my calls, it makes feel like I'm not the only person in the world, which is just weird for me?
Gandra: I'm inside the lab, okay?
Mark Beaks: I want results, Agent Dee!
Gyro: YOU IMBECILES, IT'S A TRAP! THEY'RE TRAPPING U-
Ganda: A real scientist always gets results.
Fenton: We need to get rid of this stuff! Is this spaghetti tied up together?
Huey: You're supposed to eat it, then meet in the middle for a kiss.
Webby: And I'll be ready to capture that tender moment.
Huey: End of the night, we hand out souvenir photos.
Fenton: Just science, and me, and her, and... the moonlight...
Gandra: Beaks, stop calling! The serum I made won't work unless I can get a recording of Fenton saying the passcode: blathering blatherskite. Those are not everyday words.
Beaks: I CAN'T WAIT! I'm sick of Gizmoduck always getting the attention. Gah, he thinks he's SOOO NOBLE!
Gandra: Just be patient!
Beaks: Beaks.... do not do patient.
Fenton: Sorry about my intern's odd behaviour. They're still under the effects of a... toxic gas leak... that I assure you has now been vented.
Gandra: Been there. Once I accidentally unleashed a nanobot investation on my apartement building.
Fenton: Holy marconi!
Gandra: I tried to explain a protonic reversal could negate the receptors, but... people don't wanna listen to science. They called me-
Fenton: A kook...
Gandra: A menace...
Fenton and Gandra: A crackpot...
Fenton: Miss Dee, Shall we science?
Fenton: Tasty spray! Just spray any food with this and it tastes just like glazed donuts, like so. Mm, glazy. Mmm...?
Gandra: What if you don't like glazed donuts?
Fenton: What kinda monster doesn't like glazed donuts?
Gandra: You really wanna see something? Look into my eyes.
Huey: Yes, it's happening...
Gandra: Eye-bots, upgrades the eye into a wireless camera.
Fenton: Well, set those eye-bots on this... The universal solvent! The future of terraforming as we know it. This liquid eats through anything, only the strongest diamonds are resistant.
Gandra: So... Rich boss McDuck gets to gobble up all of the Earth's precious gems for himself? What next, some kind of gold magnet?
Gandra: Here, take my hand.
Gandra: Do you feel that spark?
Fenton: What was that?!
Gandra: Nanites, microscopic robots. They channel my body's electricity into usable external power.
Fenton: You experimented on yourself. That's incredibly dangerous!
Gandra: I know! Most of these pencil pushers just theorize and talk... Uh, what's the word?
Fenton: Yadda-yadda? Blah-blah-blah?
Fenton: Babbling? Blathering?
Beaks: Ugh... Just one word... Argh, this is taking forever! Okay, clearly papa needs to take matters into his own hands. Drop the beaks!
Security system: Acces denied.
Beaks: What, no signal?! Boo!
Fenton: Okay, you want punk science? You want ripping-the-fabric-of-the-universe-and-bending-the-elements-to-your-very-will? My top secret personal project... Behold!
Fenton: Fentonium, a frictionless synthetic crystal of my own design.
Fenton: Instead of slowing down after an initial bounce, it actually speeds up and gains energy...
Gandra: Ada Dovelace, that's amazing! Imagine that potential unleashed...
Fenton: ...And incredibly unstable! I still need to crack the equation or it could tear the lab apart. An innovative generator from a mild-mannered source. Like I said, neat right?
Gandra: Yeah, you kinda are...
Gandra: Hungry, suit?
Huey: Okay, okay, they're hungry. Let's move, people! Webby, camera. Manny, Bulb, music. Me, Huey, food. Order up!
Huey: It's really working!
Webby: The spaghetti got untied!
Huey: Fenton's perfect date!
Webby: I need a distraction.
Huey (Singing in italian)
È un appuntamentoooooo, lasciati andare...
Webby: Gandra's a spy for Mark Beaks! This is all about her trying to get some passcode from Fenton.
Huey: WHAT?! There's nothing in the romance chapter about spies. Oh, this is gonna shatter Fenton's self-esteem...
Webby: Also he could be captured by SPIES!
Huey: TWO BAD THINGS COULD HAPPEN!
Huey: Excuzi, you have a phone call...
Fenton: Guys, it's going really well. Gandra's brilliant, and charming, and a little critical just like my mother and Gyro and pretty much everyone else in my life. Most of all, Gandra doesn't care about Gizmoduck. She likes me! ...Aaaand you guys are just staring, why are you staring?
Huey: Um, you're... looking good out there, tiger!
Webby: Huey! [To Fenton] We have some bad news...
Gandra: You know, I wasn't so sure about you, but... I like this.
Fenton: You sure you wouldn't want anything else? I SPY the server right there I can WADDLE over and get his attention.
Gandra: Oh, uh... No-no-no-no... But, hey, what about a second date? We can do a picnic, or get some fresh air, go fly a... Oh, what are those things called? The toy that Ben Frankloon tied to a key?
Fenton: I know what you're here for: Gizmoduck! Just like everyone else. There's a feeling man with feelings under that synthetic alloy shell!
Gandra: You whaaat...? You're... Gizmoduck?
Fenton: You know I am, who doesn't? Blathering blatherskite.
Gizmoduck: Is this what you want?!
Beaks: That's exactly what I want. You may have the suit, but I have something better: a full body upgrade! That's right, I drank Dee's nanite serum and linked it up with stolen gizmotech. I just needed your passcode to boot it up.
Fenton (recording)
Blathering blatherskite.
Beaks: Eugh, this feels gross! This is normal, right? Right?!
Gandra: Did you drank more than one of the serum vials?
Beaks: Yes, I told you I was bored!
Beaks: Bigger than Gizmoduck, it's... MEGA BEAKS! ...Oh, and you're all incredibly DEAD.
Beaks: Alright. Which huge muscle should I use to destroy what first?
Gizmoduck: You've always been a monster, but now you are a LITERAL monster...
Beaks: Wait, did I just ate the pie tins?
Beaks: Eugh, yuck, glazed donuts!
Gizmoduck: Go! Find cover!
Huey: This date is a disaster! Fenton's gonna be crushed...
Webby: FENTON'S GOING TO BE CRUSHED!
Beaks: Ahaha! Hi, amigo.
Gizmoduck: Bye, Beaksie.
Gandra: Sorry, suit.
Beaks: I've got your kids! ...Maybe, I'm not sure how this family works. But don't think about following me!
Gandra: Ugh, that idiot!
Fenton: So I'm the suit?! You're the one working for Beaks!
Gandra: I work for myself! I just... use him for funding and resources.
Fenton: For what? Is any of this real?! What are you?!
Gandra: A scientist, free of responsibility. And look, for what it's worth... [Sighs] You're a good scientist.
Fenton: And you're a crook.
Fenton: Come on, come on, come on... Okay, you don't have the suit, what can you do? Think Fenton, think...
Beaks: AHAHA, HASHTAG MAKE IT RAIIIIIIIIN!
Webby: How is this a part of your plan?!
Beaks: I wanted to up my visibility. You don't get more visible than being a giant monster!
Huey: You ruined Fenton's date! WHERE IS YOUR HEART, MAN?!
Beaks: In here somewhere, under all these RIGHTOUS PACKS! PLA-PLAW! Ow! Ow! Who's doing that?!
Fenton: Call me... Fenton!
Beaks: Wow, I never actually caught a ball before. Well, WHO'S THE LOSER NOW, COACH DAD?!
Fenton: Gandra?!
Gandra: Hurting puny, helpless heroes was not part of our deal, Beaks!
Fenton: Gonna focus on the 'hero' much?
Fenton: Are you okay?
Gandra: I... I can't shock him anymore! His nanite-enhanced skin is too tough!
Fenton: Yeah, but what matters is inside. Under all that, he's still the same weak, ego-fueled dweeb!
Gandra: Ugh, heroes... Always with the morals...
Fenton: No, I mean inside, he's weak!
Fenton: You can stop beaks, look! You're trending worldwide!
Beaks: I wanna see, I wanna see!
Beaks: I can't use a phone... I CAN'T USE A PHONE! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Webby: Fenton did it! And without the Gizmoduck armor!
Huey: Webby, there is no Gizmoduck without the noble Fenton underneath- AAAAAAAAAAH! I WANNA COME DOWN, HEEEEEEEEEELP!
Fenton: Oh no, the kids! Gandra, we gotta- [Gasps] Huh?
Fenton: Wait, she did it!
Huey: READY TO COME DOWN ANYTIME NOW!
Fenton: Stabilization up 53%!
Gyro: You. What do you think you're doing here? Shouldn't you be Gizmoduck-ing around out there?
Fenton: Not today, I'm needed here. Scientist at work.
Gyro: [Gasps] Wh-WHAT HAPPENED HERE?!