Flying over Macau at night: Scrooge: The Temple of the Golden Cricket. Every fifty years at sundown, the golden cricket emerges, singing its ethereal song. Some say the song holds answer to life's greatest mysteries. how did we get here. what's our purpose in the universe.
Louie: Wait, is that a neon hot dog?
All: wow, so cool. I'm hungry.
Scrooge: Yes, yes the city of Macau is exciting to look at, but you only find out the distractions, there.
Louie: I can't believe Uncle Gladstone is here.
Huey: He's so charming.
Dewey: And funny.
Louie: He's like the luckiest guy in the world. Uncle Donald, you must have had the best time growing up with him.
various scenes in the past: Gladstone: Hey, twenty dollars. Hey, twenty dollars. Hey, twenty dollars...
Donald: Dibs!
present time: Donald: He's the worst. Just the worst.
Scrooge: Gladstone Gander is a complete layabout. I don't know why we're responding to his call.
Webby: It was a call for help.
Huey: And like Uncle Donald says, family always helps family.
Donald: Why did I say that.
Louie: Plus, he's easily our coolest uncle.
Donald: Hey!
Louie: Sorry, coolest non-trillionaire uncle.
Huey: Hey, Uncle Donald is kinda cool.
Donald: We're all going to die! I wasted my life! hahaha.
Opening song: Scrooge: We leave for the temple in an hour. Launchpad, I won't wait another fifty years to hear that cricket sing.
Launchpad: Sure thing, Mr McD. I was just going to swing over and visit an old girlfriend from these parts. See, she's had some problems with the local crime family, and...
Scrooge: Yes, fine, whatever. one hour.
Launchpad: I'm coming for you, Ziyi.
Louie: Why did I wear green, he always sees me in green.
Donald: Take it easy.
Scrooge: Yeah, if Gladstone's so great, then why did he call us for...
Gladstone: Help, no, no, stop until you get that last kink out Bebe.
Donald: The worst.
Gladstone: Loose as a goose and ready to gander. Kids, Uncle Scrooge, D Money. Was so relaxed I didn't hear you come in. Bebe, here, is a miracle worker. Anyway, welcome to Macau. Help yourself to everything.
Webby: Guys try this; it feels like you're falling but you're not.
Kids: Whooh, woo hoo hoo, we're falling.
Donald: So, you said you needed help.
Gladstone: Oh I do need your help. Spending all my winnings. Oh lighten up. Hey hey, guys, who am I? "Hagis and Topaz, Bless me bagpipes." (makes noises with his armpit)
Kids: (laugh)
Scrooge: Uh, this place is for no-account freeloaders looking to get something for nothing.
Gladstone: Well, that's true, Scroogie McBillions, and I am the best at getting something for nothing.
Louie: Best uncle.
Scrooge: Thank you, Gladstone, for the inspiring message. If you'll excuse us, we have a improbably enchanted insect to inspect. To the Temple.
Louie: Oh, but I want to stay. Show me everything, especially the stuff you're not supposed to.
Gladstone: Ha ha, I love this kid. He's like me, but shorter and with a cheaper haircut. Now, you just have to help me convince your Uncle Donald.
Louie: Well, forget it then. Been nice seeing you, Uncle Gladstone.
Gladstone: Wait wait wait, be square. You came all the way out here. Let me show you guys around. It'll be good times.
Donald: Fine, you can stay.
Louie: Wha, I can?
Donald: And I'm coming with you.
Scrooge: C'mon kids, let them play pai gow with a bunch of biddies. We've got a rip-roaring adventure awaiting us.
Kids: Adventure!
Scrooge: I can't make sense of this. Where's the exit?
Webby: Is that X hidden treasure?
Huey: The X is obviously where we are, but where... are we?
Scrooge: Don't worry kids, I'll get us out of this monument to moochers, or my name isn't...
???
Scrooge McDuck. What good fortune to have the highest of high rollers in my humble establishment.
Scrooge: Luck has nothing to do with it, Mr...
Toad Liu Hai: Liu Hai. Toad Liu Hai. Please be my personal guest. Anything you need, just let me know. At the House of Lucky Fortune you are all kings.
Scrooge: Oh good, street magic. No thank you, but we really must be going.
Toad Liu Hai: At least stay for the floor show. Aquarioon: The Secret Waters of Aquarioon, the biggest indoor water spectacle of the eastern hemisphere.
Huey: Biggest waste of water is more like it. I mean how many million gallons are you going through a day just for some dumb...
Aquarioon Announcer: In a time before time, the earth lies beneath a watery grave. There is only light. There is only ocean. And among all the primal chaos, there lives Aquarioon.
Huey: Water dancing a calm washing over me. Never felt so at peace.
Scrooge: I suppose we have time for one show. But then, it's right to the temple of the golden cricket.
Louie: This is the best anyone has ever looked.
Gladstone: Well, green bean, if you want to be a winner, you got to look like a winner. And you can bill to my suit to the room, please.
Tailor: Oh no no no. Mr Gladstone I cannot do this. It would be such a great honor for me, to know that you are out in the world wearing this suit. (stops Donald) two thousand dollars, cash only.
Donald: Dressed like a real suit, only cheaper.
Louie: Oh man, Uncle Donald's got to be the unluckiest duck in the world.
Gladstone: I'm counting on it.
Aquarioon Announcer: Although noble Aquarioon fell that day, his soul lives on, for we are all Aquarioon.
Huey: Bravo. We should really stay for the 3:15 show. You'll always be with me, noble Aquarioon.
crowd: (greets Gladstone)
Gladstone: I love it baby.
Louie: You're the best thing that's ever happened to me.
Gladstone: Hey, where's Donald?
Louie: There he is.
Padisco Dealer: Try you luck, Mr. Gander?
Gladstone: If I must.
Louie: Do it again.
Gladstone: How about you give it a go, Donaldo?
Donald: Easy Peasy. (ball gets stuck and throws tantrum)
Webby: We passed this gaming section like three times. Wait, didn't that gift shop used to be over here?
Scrooge: Everything looks the same in this blasted place. They try to trap you here, so you'll spend all your time and money on cheap thrills. But we're better than that.
Dewey: Yeah, we need some danger. Some...
Toad Liu Hai: Tigers?
Scrooge: Where did you come from?
Dewey: And more importantly, did you say tigers?
Toad Liu Hai: The majestic jade tigers of Macau. Humanely raised in our natural wildlife pavilion and business center.
Dewey: Actual tigers? Do the number of stripes tell you their age? Is it true that if you stare them in the eyes they won't kill you, or does that make them want to kill you faster?
Toad Liu Hai: Would you like one?
Scrooge: You can't give a child a tiger, especially not this child.
Dewey: Dewey Junior, you're coming home with us. Oh, and I already named him, Oh, and I'm super emotionally attached.
Scrooge: Fine, but I am not changing its litter. Now, about that exit.
Dewey: That guy at the mall with the iguana is going to be so jealous.
Wheel Attendant: Give 'er a spin.
Louie: Woo yeah!
Gladstone: Can't waste all the luck on me.
Donald: I got this. (Wheel spins off axis and wrecks the casino.)
Aquarioon Announcer: Attention, the 3:15 show of Aquarioon: The Secret Waters of Aquarioon, has been canceled.
Huey: No!!!
Donald: Eight?
Dealer: No.
Donald: Five?
Dealer: No.
Donald: Twenty-seven?
Dealer: No.
Donald: Twenty-seven?
Dealer: No.
Donald: Twenty-seven?
Dealer: No.
Louie: How does he think he's holding twenty-seven fingers?
Gladstone: I don't know, Lou. I just don't know.
Scrooge: I navigated myself out of the Infinitaur's Labyrinth, freed myself from the Forever Fields of Phantoon. Why can't I find the blasted hotel exit?
Webby: Oh don't worry. I left a trail of snacks behind us to mark our path.
Dewey: He's a tiger. You tell him not to eat something.
Toad Liu Hai: You look tired, Mr. McDuck. I implore you to check into a room.
Scrooge: Oh no, we're not interested.
Toad Liu Hai: At least take for lunch at our buffet of many lands. You can visit the entire world on a single dinner plate. Imagine, Taco Dim-sum, Fettuccine eclairs.
Scrooge: Why would I want to imagine any of that?
Webby: Sorry, sir, but the only thing we're hungry for is adventure and IS THAT A FOUNTAIN MADE OF CHOCOLATE?
Toad Liu Hai: You can dip positively anything in it.
Webby: Strawberries?
Toad Liu Hai: Um hum.
Webby: What about my hand?
Toad Liu Hai: Sure.
Webby: What about your hand?
Toad Liu Hai: Um, fine.
Scrooge: Wait, what about the temple of the golden cricket? What about the mysteries of the Universe?
Toad Liu Hai: What about a nice warm bed?
Scrooge: Fine, check me in.
Donald: Twenty-seven! Twenty-seven! Twenty-seven!
Louie: Give it up, Uncle Donald, please.
Gladstone: No no no, let it ride, you're about to...
Dealer: Two? We have a winner, Congratulations, you won a brand new Thunderclutch sports car.
Gladstone: Uh huh, great, this is the second car I won for...
Dealer: Four? Ha ha ha, you win again.
Gladstone: Seriously?
Louie: Wow, you really can't lose.
Gladstone: Yeah, I know. So close Big D. Hey, how about we play...
Donald: Oh I give up. I came to help you, and instead you embarrass me in front of the boys.
Gladstone: I'm not trying to embarrass you, I just want to give you and the fam a taste of the good life.
Donald: By showing them I'm a loser?
Gladstone: Winners, losers, who cares? If you want to impress them, keep playing. Your luck is bound to change.
Louie: Hey Uncle Gladstone.
Donald: I'm done.
Gladstone: Wait, no.
Louie: Uncle Donald's taking a break, huh? Well then, this is the perfect opportunity to hit the big winner's tables.
Gladstone: I don't need you. I need him.
Toad Liu Hai: You'll feel so much after a night in one of our luxury suites. maybe a week, perhaps year. You'll may never want to leave.
Scrooge: I'll need a room with a personal sauna, hillside view, and a distraction.
Toad Liu Hai: A What?
Scrooge: Check-out is always by the exit. Thanks for the help, Liu Hai. C'mon kids, we can make it in time for the golden cricket's last chorus.
Donald: I'm with you. Let's go.
Gladstone: Wait up cuz, There's tons more games, or maybe a buffet.
Donald: I get it. You're the best, I lost.
Gladstone: Dang, did I not mention I'm a prisoner here, and that's why I called you for help?
Louie: What? Why didn't you just tell us?
Toad Liu Hai: Because I would find out. I am Liu Hai. Ancient Spirit of chance and fortune. Now, let's test your luck.
Scrooge: Finally, a proper adventure.
Toad Liu Hai: Ha ha ha.
Scrooge: I sat through the waters of Aquaridon three times, but I could have been fighting a demon?
Huey: It's Aquarioon.
Gladstone: Uh yeah, You don't want to mess with Toad. He's a luck vampire, He's held me captive here to feast on my natural good luck. I'm that delicious.
Dewey: Are you bragging about that?
Gladstone: I hoped Donald would break my lucky streak. You know, because he's...
Scrooge: Bad luck.
Huey: A total jinx.
Dewey: The worst.
Toad Liu Hai: Gladstone's good fortune has been satisfying, but surely, as the richest duck in the world, Scrooge McDuck's luck must be the most delicious feast of all.
Scrooge: Luck has nothing to do with my success.
Toad Liu Hai: Oh, really?
Scrooge: I'll prove it. One game. If I win, you set us free. If you win, we stay, permanently. Unless you think the spirit of luck and fortune will lose.
Toad Liu Hai: I can't resist such a challenge.
Gladstone: Yes, thank you Screwdriver McDollarsigns. I knew I could count on you.
Toad Liu Hai: Behold. First to the end wins.
Scrooge: Okay, Toad, let's do this.
Toad Liu Hai: Ah ah ah, my house, my rules. Gladstone still belongs to me, so he is my champion. You get (points to Donald) him. The winner goes free. The loser is doomed. ha ha ha ha.
Scrooge: I don't even get to be part of the blasted challenge?
Donald: We came out here to help you, and you put our family in danger.
Gladstone: I'm sorry, Don, I really am, but I literally just can't lose. Good luck.
Donald races ahead while Gladstone walks leisurely.
Huey: There is only ocean. there is only light. And among the primal chaos, There is Aquarioon.
Donald: Ow ,ow, ouch.
Dewey: It's Dewey Junior!
Donald: Oh come on.
Webby: The buffet of many lands!
Gladstone: Man, I'm really sorry about this, I mean obviously not sorry enough to sign up for a lifetime of servitude, but.
Toad Liu Hai: (sinister laughter)
Donald: Ah, what's the point?
Louie: C'mon, Uncle Donald. So you have the worst luck in the world. Who cares? No matter how bad things get, like really, really bad, you keep going. It's kind of ridiculous. You've never had the common sense to give up before, why start now?
Gladstone: Hey, twenty dollars!
Toad Liu Hai: Where did that come from?
All: woo hoo!
Toad Liu Hai: What? Well at least I still have the luckiest buffet on Earth. Bad fortune, Mr Gander.
Scrooge: Actually, Toad, Gladstone lost to Donald, so technically Donald is the new luckiest guy on Earth. It's really him you should take.
Donald: Yeah! Wait, no!
Toad Liu Hai: Hm, a well reasoned argument. Donald Duck is my prize.
Louie: That wasn't the deal!
Toad Liu Hai: All bets are off!
Donald: Oh.
Louie: Uncle Donald. I can't believe you just gave him up.
Gladstone: The kid's not wrong, Uncle McDunkle. What do we do?
Scrooge: Three, two, one.
Toad Liu Hai: His luck is awful, so awful, so awful.
Louie: You did it Uncle Donald, you won! That was pretty cool especially for you.
Donald: How the heck did I win?
Webby: I guess you're not so lucky after all.
Gladstone: Well, if you think about it we're all free. So, me losing is the luckiest thing that could have happen. Boom, still the luckiest guy on Earth and a hero. Huh?
Louie: Eh, Luck's overrated.
Launchpad: Huh huh huh.
Dewey: Woah, Launchpad, what happened to you?
Launchpad: Eh, you know. tourist stuff. Goodbye Ziyi, wherever you are.
Gladstone: Have I really been coasting on my luck, charm, and ridiculous good looks? Who is Gladstone? I need to get my hands dirty, do something meaningful, a new, noble purpose.
Heiress: Hey handsome. I need to get rid of my boat for tax purposes. I'll sell it to you for twenty dollars.
Gladstone: Glasstone is back, baby!
Scrooge: (underwhelmed) Okay, we can go now.