Story begins with the Moorshire Golf Society Archival Footage filmstrip.
Huey: Precision, excellence, men in funny hats. Welcome to the Duckberg Billionaire's Club Golf Invitation. The only golf tournament to take place in the world's most exotic and expensive courses. This year sees Scrooge McDuck facing off against Flintheart Glomgold here at scenic Moorshire: the birthplace of golf. I'm Huey Duck, attempting to earn my Junior Woodchuck Merit Badge for Sports Commentary. I'll be here all day providing nuanced announcements...
Launchpad: Are you ready for some golf?
Huey: (sigh) The badge does require a co-commentator.
Launchpad: Two combatants. One hole, no rules.
Huey: That's not actually... WATCH OUT!
golfer: Ah!
Scrooge: Get excited, kids. Golf is in our blood. Your ancestor, Black Donald McDuck actually invented the sport. Of course he lost so badly that the ensuing temper tantrum caused King James to ban golfing across all of Scotland.
Louie: And we're proud of that in some way?
Dewey: I don't know man, go-karts, hitting things really hard with sticks, not being grounded for said hitting, sounds kind of awesome.
Louie: It's a sport where you try not to score points to make it end sooner. Hard pass.
Scrooge: Trust me, you'll love it. The quiet strategy, the intense focus, the (loud noise) semi-permanent hearing loss.
Webby: Go Scrooge! Boo, Glomgold! Yay, custom t-shirts! (blows horn)
Scrooge: I'm glad you're excited, dear, but this sport requires a certain decorum.
Huey: Everybody move!
Launchpad: This lake will be used for the swimming portion of the competition.
opening theme: Scrooge: Alright Webbigail, care to.. what are you doing?
Webby: Oh sorry, I've never been to a sport before. but don't worry, I'm going to be the best fan,
Scrooge: Did you want to give it a go?
Webby: I'm good. Go club! (clap clap)
Scrooge: Ah, how about you, lad? Up for a...
Louie: No, gross, no, not even a little.
Dewey: Are you guys kidding me? A chance to learn the sport our family invented from the greatest player who ever lived, I assume because I don't follow golf? I want in.
Scrooge: Atta boy. Let's hone that... wildly misplaced enthusiasm, shall we? We'll start with your swing.
Glomgold: Practice all you want, McDuck. You won't be winning this year.
Scrooge: You say that every year, Flinty, and every year, you go home crying.
Glomgold: My eyes dry out very easily! But this year, I'll prove that I am the best Scottish Billionaire golfer. I've hired the world's best player to be my caddie.
Tiger: Okay, If you want to be a winner, just follow these three rules.
Glomgold: I'm already a winner! Nobody tells Flintheart Glomgold what to do! You're Fired! You there, green one. How would you like the honor of caddying under the great Flintheart Glomgold?
Louie: Eh.
Glomgold: A chance to bask in the collective glory of victory?
Louie: Blarg...
Glomgold: I'll tip by the hole.
Louie: Meh, if I'm going to be bored, I might as well get paid for it.
Glomgold: Hah! Your one nephew's abandoning you. Soon, there will be nobody left to support you.
Webby: Sorry! Timer went off early.
Huey: Here we are, moments away from the classic's opening coin toss. Glomgold's now very obviously switching the official coin for one that has heads on both sides.
Launchpad: Very sneaky.
Huey: He tosses the double headed coin, and Glomgold has called tails. Glomgold clearly embarrassed, now trying to throw the coin into the ocean.
Launchpad: He does not make it.
Huey: Scrooge, desperate to move things along, has agreed to let Glomgold win the coin toss.
Launchpad: Wow, what a game, see you next time, everybody.
Huey: It hasn't even, Launchpad?!
Glomgold: That coin toss was only the beginning, Scrooge. The moment of reckoning is at hand.
Scrooge: Ugh, it'll take another ten minutes before he takes a shot. Come on lad, let's work on your drive.
Glomgold: Hey get back here! I'll show you how a real golfer would play this hole. Alright boy, how would your uncle play this hole?
Louie: Uh, just, why don't hit the ball in the hole, I guess.
Glomgold: Hit the ball... in the hole... of course! I've been overthinking it this entire time. Holy haggis! It stayed on the course. It went forward, and not on fire! That might be the best shot I've ever taken. Nice work, caddie.
Scrooge: Focus. Filter out all distractions...
Webby: GO SCROOGE!
Scrooge: And remember. Hips back, shoulders down, Tail out, controlled swing...
Dewey: Uf! Was that okay?
Scrooge: Ah, You're a natural. A little unpolished, sure, but if we can focus that swing you'll be almost as good as me one day.
Dewey: Really?
Webby: With a teacher like you, he could be even better.
Dewey: Really?!
Scrooge: Oh you know, nearly as good but not quite. After years of hard work and practice, No need getting his hopes up.
Glomgold: Scrooge! Quit stalling! You're up!
Huey: Scrooge, the returning champion, approaching the first hole.
Launchpad: he's probably worried Glomgold will use his one free tackle before the speed round in the third quarter.
Huey: What do you think is happening here?
Launchpad: One heck of a game.
Huey: Taking his time with the shot...
Louie: Tell me about it JUST HIT THE BALL!
Scrooge: Yah!
Huey: Ouch, and it's deep in the rough.
Glomgold: Hah hahah, nice shot, Scroogie. Decide to take a shortcut through the weeds? Unless... Boy! Why didn't you tell me about the shortcut through the weeds?
Scrooge: Ach, I can't believe it I haven't had a shot that bad in forty years. What in the blazes...
Huey and Launchpad: AAHH!!
Launchpad: Ah yes, Scrooge went for the classic magic forest stones bonus. Risky, but it paid off.
Glomgold: Ooh it wasn't a shortcut. The great McDuck finally hit a right clunker.
Scrooge: I did not. I was simply getting a lay of the terrain. See the key to a good golf game...
Glomgold: Take the penalty and let's get back to the course.
Scrooge: A Scotsman plays it where it lands.
Webby: Um, Mr. McDuck?
Scrooge: Heavenly hollyhock.
Webby: Mythical glowing stones, mysterious teleportation circles, (gasp) Do you know what this means?
Louie: No more golf! Woo hoo!
Huey: Does anybody see any clues about where we are?
Webby: There are these two orbs.
Louie: Hm, interesting.
Dewey: And it looks like they fit in that hole over there.
Louie: Oh, okay...
Glomgold: AH! Can't toss the blasted things. Yah! UH!
Scrooge: Maybe we can use these clubs.
Louie: Oh no! Oh no nononononono! Guys, it's golf. It's still golf! Okay, that's it! I'm going home! (gasp) Where did home go?
Huey: Welcome back to the Billionaire's Club Classic, where in a bizarre turn of events, the players have become trapped in some sort of mystical fairy realm, but they remain undeterred.
Launchpad: For more, we go to two tiny horses.
Huey: What are you... AH!
Briar: Greetings. We're Briar and Bramble, the keepers of this realm.
Webby: Talking animals wearing clothes?
Dewey: Oh no, did we die? Are we in Webby Heaven?
Bramble: Bet You're wondering what this place is.
Louie: It's a mystical golf course, right?
Huey: Did ancient Scottish druids build a secret course so they can keep playing golf even after Black Donald got it banned?
Briar: Uh yep that's all correct.
Bramble: Here, hop on our backs. We'll give you a tour.
Webby: Ooooh, (gasp) wait, why are your manes wet? (gasp) You're kelpies, aren't you? You tempt people on your backs and carry them off into the sea.
Bramble: Oh, nononono, we just got out of the shower, that's all. Fine, that is generally our plan.
Briar: C'mon Bramble, if they're SO smart, they must know all about the treasure at the end of the course.
Scrooge: Treasure?
Glomgold: Treasure?
Briar: First to complete this course, will win the priceless druid's cup.
Bramble: That's proving them to be the finest golfer in every plane of reality.
Glomgold: Ohhh.
Louie: Uh huh, okay well anyone else think we should ignore the murder ponies and go home?
Briar: You'll all be sent home safely as soon as you finish the course.
Bramble: That is, IF you finish the course. Uh, um, did we mention the trophy has custom engraving? Ooooohh.
Dewey: Dewey, you've found your calling.
Scrooge: Easy lad, You just can't flail that thing at random anymore. There's too much at stake. If we lose the ball, we don't go home. We have got to play it smart.
Briar: You might want to get started. it can be awful hard to play once those mists roll in.
Dewey: C'mon, we're wasting time.
Glomgold: Caddie! My clubs! Caddie?
Louie: A-ahem!
Bramble: Hop on our backs. We'll take you to the next hole, and definitely not to a watery grave.
Briar: You are the least fun victims ever.
Glomgold: What the!
Launchpad: Oh, should have seen that coming.
Huey: How? How could he have possibly see that coming?
Glomgold: Give it back, you overgrown puddle. Ah! Caddie! Help! Ah, Uhgh, Here!
Louie: Ugh, it's like you don't even want to be rescued.
Glomgold: AHH!
Scrooge: Old golf tip: let Flinty spring that trap. The rest is just patience. Patience, patience, patience!
Dewey: Ah! if you just let me...
Scrooge: Not the time for a reckless club. Agh C'mon you blasted tentacle! And besides, you cannot just sub in. It's against the rules of golf.
Briar: It's okay. Druid golf allows for two subs.
Bramble: Water's great, by the way.
Scrooge: Oh, give it a go, but don't get too discouraged if you don't make it.
Glomgold: Ah!
Webby: Go, Dewey!
Scrooge: Good shot lad, very proud of you.
Webby: You don't sound proud.
Dewey: Yeah, Scrooge and Dewey, taking on the world one hole at a time.
Huey: There you have it, another brash young upstart destined to surpass his aging mentor.
Scrooge: Is the commentary still necessary?
Huey: It helps me feel in control during a frankly insane situation.
Launchpad: I like talking this way because it makes everything sound important. Baloney, trampoline.
Montage of Dewey making spectacular trick shots while Scrooge and Glomgold struggle to keep up.
Dewey: Nailed it!
Webby: Woo hoo!
Huey: Scrooge still in the lead on the seventeenth hole, but Glomgold is closing in.
Launchpad: Hey, so is that weird mist.
Webby: Nice job. Nice job, and nice job.
Dewey: Not nice enough. Glomgold's going to pass us.
Glomgold: You bet your ballast I am! I'll prove once and for all I'm the best golfer in this or any other... AHH CADDIE!
Dewey: I'm pretty sure I can get it to the hole with one swing. Let me go.
Scrooge: And risk dumping it down into the water? Absolutely not.
Briar: (imitating Webby) Aw, give him a chance. If he hits it in the water, he can jump on the kelpies to get it. I'm a small girl duck. You can trust me.
Bramble: Oh uh...
Dewey: C'mon, I can do this.
Scrooge: Do what? Whack the ball blindly?
Dewey: Into the hole, yes. Like I've been doing all day. Why don't you trust me to make this?
Scrooge: You don't have the experience. It takes time, effort, (gasp) wait!
Dewey: Ah haha, It's so easy.
Huey: No!
Scrooge: Grr...
Dewey: I'm sorry, I just knew I could, so I...
Scrooge: You pull a club out of a Scotsman's hand, you'd best be prepared to knock him out with it.
Dewey: Hey, I made the shot.
Scrooge: You disobeyed me, and risked the entire game with your showboating.
Dewey: I'm showboating? This whole thing has been about how great you are. You're so worried that someone might actually be better than you at something that you keep...
Scrooge: See here. I am an interdimentially ranked golfer.
Dewey: Whatever. I'm over this dumb sport anyway. Finish the course so we can go home.
Scrooge: Now hold on. I didn't mean to...
Glomgold: Out of the way, McDuck.
Huey: The last hole.
Scrooge: Looks like some sort of hall of fame. Well, your old Uncle Scrooge will be joining it soon enough, eh...
Dewey: Let's get this over with.
Huey: Scrooge lining up, and none too soon. Morale is not high.
Webby: Uh, Mr. McDuck? Those mists are getting really close.
Scrooge: Well that's ominous.
Huey: And he hooks it onto the wall.
Dewey: Nice work. How are you going to get up there?
Glomgold: It's happening. I'm one drive away from claiming the trophy and beating Scrooge McDuck! As soon as I take this swing, I, Flintheart Glomgold, will be the winner of the Billionaire's Club Classic. Sure, you may have won the previous twenty-seven, but I think we can all agree that this one counts more than the rest combined.
Scrooge: Uh, Flinty?
Glomgold: Stop it Scrooge, I'm savoring the moment. Caddie, savor it with me. Caddie? Ugh.
Louie: Um...
Glomgold: Oh, I see. Curse you McDuck! Curse you and my love of moment savoring!
Louie: AHH!
Scrooge: The mist turns people to stone. Those statues used to be real golfers.
Briar: Oh by the way, the mists of Moorshire they turn mortals to stone. Those statues are, You just said all that, didn't you?
Bramble: So you're doomed. Better to let us drown you instead. Let's go.
All: No!
Briar: You people are no fun.
Scrooge: We have to finish the course. Those hoofed hostiles said it would get us home. (grunting)
Webby: Everybody, we need to support Scrooge.
Dewey: Why? He hasn't supported me all day.
Webby: No, we need to "support" Scrooge. Not everything is a life lesson.
All: Uh, oof, (grunting noises)
Scrooge: Louie, hand me the club.
Louie: Nope, right, sure, not the time.
Scrooge: Oh my...
Huey: Scrooge taking his time. I'm not sure why. There are lives at stake.
Launchpad: Wait, whose? Oh, right. uh!
Huey: This has been Huey Duck, signing off!
Louie: Man, I hate this sport.
Webby: C'mon Scrooge, I know you can do it.
Dewey: Webby! Guys! No! What are you waiting for? Take the stupid shot!
Scrooge: Not me.
Dewey: What?
Scrooge: I cannot make the shot. You can. I know you can do it.
Dewey: Okay okay, filter out all distractions. Hips back, shoulders down, tail tucked, AHH! Whack the ball! Whack the ball!
Ball bonces around and hits the cup.
Dewey: Yes!
All: Oof.
Scrooge: You did it, lad! I knew you could.
Briar: Congratulations, champions.
Bramble: You are the first players to ever complete the druid's cup.
Scrooge: Go on. You earned it.
Dewey: "Scroge and Douise"?
Briar: Sorry, it was a rush job.
Bramble: We really didn't expect you to make it.
Briar: Now, who's up for a victory swim?
All: No!
Glomgold: You! you let me turn to stone! You're the worst cabbie ever. You're fired! As soon as you help me out. ugh! Augh!
Scrooge: You know we could use another player for next year's invitational. I'd love someone who'd actually give me a run for my money.
Dewey: Eh, I think my pro career is over. Going out on top. Still, I'd be up for a friendly round now and then.
Scrooge: Sounds grand.
Webby: Woo, Screwey for life! In your face, everybody who's not them! Woo hoo!
Scrooge: Maybe just the two of us.
Launchpad: Well there you have it folks, Scrooge let go of his ego, and learned that a good teacher's pride should be in his student, not himself.
Huey: That's... actually a good insight. Wow, I'm impressed, Launchpad, and you're choking on golf balls.
Launchpad: They look like tasty eggs, I've resisted for so long.