Episode Info: Transcript: Gallery: Clips: The episode opens with a zooming shot of the Duckburg National History Museum with patrons gathered around. Inside, Scrooge and nephews dressed in suits enter a room with a 'Gala Opening' banner over the door and 'New Glomgold Wing' banners on the walls.
Huey: So, why are we at the gala for the Flintheart Glomgold wing of the natural history museum?
Dewey: Ugh, yeah! And look at this tacky setup! Somebody is trying way too hard. (In a fancy tone to a server) I’ll have a virgin peach julep in your fanciest glass, thank you!
Server sighs before leaving.
Louie: All these trinkets are just from times Glomgold lost to you! A pebble from the lost city of El Dorado, a singed kilt from that fire pit in Crockatoa-
Huey: And this, ”Glomasaurus-Rex” is clearly just a bunch of random parts stuck together, honestly, how could you know it wore a crown?
Dewey: So, what are we doing here anyway?
Scrooge: As upstanding citizens of note, it’s our responsibility to support Duckberg’s cultural institutions. (They approach a buffet table.) And, these cocktail weenies are in Glomgold’s dollar.
Scrooge starts putting hor d'oeuvres in bags.
Louie: Aren’t you rich? Why do you need free food?
Scrooge: I didn’t get rich by wasting money, I got rich by besting my enemies! Stock up lads!
Scrooge starts eating and taking food from the buffet table with the triplets.
Louie: Ugh, these custom suits are the worst! I’m gettin’ a rash!
Scrooge: Nyuh, nope that’s the plastic lining! Saves on dry cleaning, and you lose less debt.
Dewey: It’s not the cut of the suit, it’s how you wear it! Take my playfully loose bow tie! Is he coming? Is he going?? Did he party so hard it just flew open?? (Louie rolls his eyes at Dewey's antics)
Scrooge is about to place a bag of food in his pocket and drops the bag when he catches sight of Goldie at the top of the stairs. Scrooge gasps, the triplets race up to him.
Louie: What is it? A cursed villain!?
Dewey: A villainous curse?
Huey: A..! Umm... *sighs* Man, I hate going third!
Scrooge: Worse... it’s my... Ex!
Huey: Your Ex?!? As in, ex-girlfriend?!
Scrooge: Ex-partner, ex-rival, ex-everything.
Goldie catches sight of Scrooge and descends the stairs.
Scrooge: Watch your wallets, boys.
Goldie: Please, Scrooge! I wouldn’t steal from children. Unless they had something I really wanted, or I was bored, or-
Scrooge: Goldie O'Gilt, the Ice Queen of Dawson. I thought I heard the clatter of cloven hooves!
Goldie: Scroogie Mcmoneybags, the Tightwad of Duckberg! That clatter was probably your brittle bones settling, you gilded geezer! (Scrooge's smile falls.)
Dewey: I feel both disturbed and intrigued.
Glomgold pushes Scrooge and Goldie apart, standing in the middle between them.
Glomgold: Ooh, hello Scrooge! This is my date Goldie! What’s that? Your ex you say? (Gasps) How awkward this must be for you! (evil laugh)
Goldie: I’m not your date.
Glomgold: Does it make your blood boil with jealousy, Scrooge? You’re just a sad third wheel! (Gasps) Dead wood - ah!
A string quartet starts playing and Goldie offers her hand to Scrooge. He passes his cane to Glomgold and takes her hand. They walk together to the dance floor as Glomgold watches.
Glomgold: Huh? Ugh! Touché, Goldie. Let the love games begin.
Scrooge and Goldie take their positions for a tango. Scrooge looks nervous.
Goldie: It’s been a long time, Scrooge.
Scrooge: And yet, it still feels too soon.
Goldie: (Winces) Ooh! You’re tango’s as rusty as your joints, old man.
Scrooge: (Shouts) How’s this for rusty?!
Scrooge spins Goldie and performs a hook.
Goldie: Oh, not bad. But let the lady lead.
Goldie spins Scrooge and performs a hook. A cracking sound is heard. Scrooge and Goldie continue their dance as Glomgold watches enviously. Goldie reaches out stealing someone’s wallet before Scrooge spins her and puts the wallet back in the duck’s pocket. The triplets watch from the side of the room.
Louie: Ooo! Scrooge has a cru-sh!
Huey: True love is truly ageless!
Dewey: Ooo!
Glomgold: Somebody dance with me!! I need to make her jealous! (Seizes Dewey by the arm and spins him.)
Scrooge: You’re looking younger than the last time I saw you.
Goldie: Found a fountain of youth in Ronguay. You?
Scrooge: Stuck in a timeless demon dimension.
Goldie: Haha, which one? Pandemonium or Demigorgona?
Scrooge: Demigorgona - went to stop an uprising.
Goldie: Get out! I caused that uprising! Nabbed the eye of Demogorgon, makes you impervious to burns, I must’ve just missed you!
Dewey moonwalks on his own.
Dewey: Du du du dew-ey, duh duh dudu-dew!
Glomgold: Stop one upping my one-upmanship! Dance worse than me!!
Dewey: No can Dew-ey! *dances* Oooh whoooo: Scrooge: Cut the patter, O’Gilt, what’re you really up to?
Goldie: Why do you think I’m always up to something?
Scrooge: Because, wherever you go, you leave a flaming wreck in your wake-
Goldie stops Scrooge by putting a finger to his beak.
Goldie: Can’t start a fire without a spark, Scroogie.
Goldie leans in for a kiss, Louie gags. Glomgold interrupts, pushing Scrooge and Goldie apart: Glomgold: Ladies and gentleman, hated rivals, I am proud to unveil, a brand new exhibit! Dug up by me very own, oil crew in the Yukon. Behold! The feared, the terrible, glacier monster of the Klondike!!
A sheet is lifted to reveal a mammoth wearing a Tam O'Shanter hat. Scrooge gasps.
Scrooge: I know that beast!...
Goldie looks dead at Scrooge as she takes out a controller and hits a button. The lights turn off. Party goers gasp. The lights turn back on to reveal that the head of the mammoth skeleton is missing.
Crowd: “What’s going on there?” “Is this a surprise?”
Glomgold: What!?
Scrooge: (glancing around; growls) Goldie...
Scrooge's car races down a Duckburg street.
Scrooge: (leaning over the divide in the car) Step on it, Launchpad! I need to get to the mansion!
Louie: Ooh! Tell us about your new old girlfriend! (adds kissing noises)
Dewey: Ooh! Did you smooch in the dark? (adds kissing noises)
Scrooge: We weren't smooching, ya wee nupties! It was all part of her plan to steal that map and mammoth skull!
Huey: Oooh, so you could smooch it together?
Dewey and Louie frown: Dewey: Eww!
Louie: What?
Scrooge: No! Because that was no ordinary skull! Back during the Gold Rush, (scene changes to show Scrooge dressed in prospecting gear holding a sack of gold on a hill.) when I was prospecting for my fortune in the Klondike Gold Rush-
Huey: (Scene return to present) Wait! (counts on his fingers) How old are you?
Scrooge: (Gives Huey a look and continues; Scene fades back to the past) I let that swindler Goldie (Goldie joins Scrooge on the hill, pickax in hand) repay a claim by helping me search for the legendary Golden Lagoon of White Agony Plains. (A mountain valley with a cabin and a mine entrance, snow topped mountains in the background.) But that mendacious minx stole my map! (Goldie is seen going through Scrooge's bag as he starts a fire, removing a map.) I managed to catch her (Scrooge chases Goldie through the mine.), but in the scuffle, the map tore in half! (Map tears) Before I could get it back (Scrooge and Goldie look up in concern), we were attacked by the Glacier Monster of the Klondike: a Woolly Mammoth! (Mammoth appears, tosses Goldie into the air.) Goldie dodged his attack, but lost her half of the map inside the teeth of that beast.We escaped with our lives! (Scrooge and Goldie leap into the river.) By being promptly frozen in the ice. (Float up encased in ice) For five years I was stuck in that cursed glacier, forced to stare at her thievin' mug before we thawed. (Glomgold Gala) The Golden Lagoon of White Agony Plains is the one treasure that greedy gillie could never find (Mammoth skeleton is revealed) until Glomgold dug up the Glacier Monster's skull. That's the real reason Goldie came to the gala!
Launchpad is hanging over the divider, listening to Scrooge's story.
Scrooge: Launchpad, brakes!
Launchpad whirls around, barely dodging the sculpture in Scrooge's yard. Scrooge picks himself up off the floor to see the mammoth skull in his driveway.
Scrooge: She's here.
Scrooge opens the door to his bedroom to find Goldie lounging in his windowsill, wearing his top hat.
Goldie: Hey, Moneybags, where's the other half of the map?
Scrooge: Where are Beakley and Webbigail?
Goldie got up, opening the door of the wardrobe to reveal Beakley and Webby, both tied with ropes.
Beakley: How did you let that thief back into-
Goldie slams the wardrobe door shut.
Scrooge: You reprehensible recreant!
Goldie: Please, stop flirting in front of the children.
The triplets are seen looking through the door.
Huey, Dewey, Louie: Ooohh! Ah! (Scrooge throws a chair at them, and they run.)
Scrooge: (Straightening his jacket with a smile) Takes a fossil to find a fossil, eh, Goldie?
Goldie: (Smirks) Says the man who still wears spats and a top... hat...
Goldie takes off the hat and Scrooge bowls her over, both of them fighting for the hat.
Goldie: Give me my map!
Scrooge: Get your pilfering paws off my headpiece!
Goldie: I've got the map!
Goldie holds the map up, and Scrooge snatches it back, stuffing it back in his hat.
Goldie: Fine. We team up. With our two halves of the map, we can finally find the Golden Lagoon.
Scrooge: And why should Ae trust yew?
Goldie: (Picking herself up off the ground) Oh, because it's gold, because it's a treasure you never found. And because you're Scrooge McDuck.
Scrooge: You think you know me so well. (Goldie mimics his words as he says them.)
The door flies open and the triplets run in.
Huey, Dewey, Louie: Date! Date! Date: Scrooge and Goldie: It's not a date!
Scene changes to an aerial shot of Dawson City, with a Glomgold derrick in the foreground. Pans in to a general store. Goldie is collecting items from a shelf, Scrooge is talking to the store clerk.
Scrooge: I'll take the pickaxe, this lamp, rope, locator beacon, uh, and I'll need some buckskin waterproof spats.
Shopkeeper: We don't carry those.
Scrooge: Fine, fine, I'll take a pair of boots and your sharpest knife.
Shopkeeper passes him a pair of boots and a knife. Scrooge uses the knife to cut a pair of spats from the boots.
Shopkeeper: Uh, no food?
Scrooge: Nope. Just one discount jug of mustard for these delicious hors d'oeuvres. And whatever the lady needs.
Shopkeeper: (Glancing around) Uh, what lady?
Scrooge looks around.
Scrooge: Goldie, you backstabbing-!
Goldie: Scroogie.
Scrooge gasps as he sees Goldie dressed in adventuring gear.
Goldie: If we're going to make it through this alive, we need to be able to trust each other. (Walks over to Scrooge)
Scrooge: Agreed. Now give me back the map you stole from my bag. (Goldie gives the map back to him.)
Scrooge and Goldie are seen exiting the store through a pair of binoculars.
Glomgold: Take my girl, will ya? (Glomgold is perched on his derrick.) No one steals from Flintheart Glomgold. Wait, are those my teriyaki skewers?! (Looks back through his binoculars.)
An abandoned mine entrance with a sign reading 'White Agony Cave, Closed'. Scrooge and Goldie walk through the caverns by lantern light.
Goldie: Ahh, the Ice Caverns of White Agony Plains. Sure brings back memories, eh, Scrooge?
Scrooge: No matter how hard I try to forget.
Scrooge stops abruptly, arm out to prevent Goldie from walking further. He picks up a rock and tosses it, triggering a trip line that causes a volley of arrows to shoot across the room.
Scrooge: (To Goldie) One of yours?
Goldie: You can't blame me for that. It was over a hundred years ago. We were different people then.
Scrooge: Aye, that's what worries me. You've had a century's worth of practice.
Goldie: What happened to you, Moneybags? Domestic life turn you soft?
Scrooge: What you'll never understand is that trust is the cornerstone of-- Wait!
Scrooge rushes ahead of Goldie, and uses his stick to trigger a giant bear trap.
Goldie: (To Scrooge) One of yours?
Scrooge chuckles weakly.
Goldie: You used to be so much more fun.
Scrooge and Goldie come to an elevator set in the rock wall.
Goldie: Looks like it's only big enough for one. I'll go down first and send it back up to you.
Scrooge: So you can get the jump on me?
Goldie: Fine, you go down first.
Scrooge: Oh, so you can cut the rope?
Goldie: Well, what do you suggest?
Scene cuts to both of them crammed together in the one-man elevator: Scrooge: Would you move your elbow?
Goldie: Gladly, if you'd stop sweating all over me.
Scrooge: I'm only sweating because I'm doing all the work!
Goldie: Oh, really? Oops.
Goldie lets go of her rope and they fall. Scrooge brings the elevator to a stop and then continues their descent without Goldie's help. Scene returns to the top of the elevator as Glomgold comes across it.
Glomgold: Stupid McDuck and his stupid clever traps! (Snakes and arrows are attached to his pack.) Hah! Ha! A one-man elevator! (Hears Scrooge grunting.) Heh heh heh. So long, Scroogey. (Pulls out a knife and begins cutting the rope.) To the last, I grapple with thee. From Hades' heart, I- (Bitten in the hand by a snake as the rope snaps.) Oww! Eh, I'm sure he got the gist of it.
Scrooge and Goldie scream as the elevator plummets. Scrooge uses his pickax to catch them on a ledge.
Goldie: Whoo! All that sweat must have made you lose your grip.
Scrooge: For the last time, I-
Goldie: (Goldie cuts Scrooge off as she climbs over him onto the ledge.)I get it. I make you sweat. I'll take that as a compliment. A gross, salty compliment.
Scrooge and Goldie climb over a rock fall to a cavern with multicolored waterfalls.
Goldie: The Rainbow Caves! We're nearly at the Golden Lagoon!
They put each of their half of the map together. There's a click and a flash as Goldie takes a picture with her phone. Scrooge pulls back his half.
Goldie: What? Just giving you a little reading light is all. (Scrooge takes her phone.)
They travel beyond the Rainbow Caves into a cavern that grows ever darker til all we can see are their eyes: Goldie: Got a light? (Scrooge passes her a lit match, Goldie bends to the ground.)
Scrooge: What are you doing?
Goldie: I'm just lighting this trail of gunpowder I've been leaving behind us to distract you: Scrooge: What?! You're insane! A cave-in will get us both killed!
Goldie: Oh, you'll stop the cave-in. You're Scrooge McDuck. (Drops the match and lights the trail.)
Scrooge rushes off to try and stop the trail. Goldie blows him a kiss and pulls out both halves of the map. Scrooge chases the trail to where it dead ends, which wakes a sleeping bear. The bear roars in Scrooge's face.
Goldie: (Looks up at the roar.) Sorry, Scrooge, but the Golden Lagoon is mine.
Goldie makes her way further into the caves, over rock falls, till she comes face to face with a bear. The bear knocks her over and she sees that Scrooge is riding the bear.
Goldie: Wait, what?! But how?
Scrooge: I'm Scrooge McDuck! (To the bear in growls.) Get her, Nanook! That's the thieving rogue that spoiled your nap.
Scene shifts to Scrooge leading Nanook on a rope, Goldie tied to Nanook's back.
Scrooge: I don't understand it. The completed map says the path to the falls should be right here. (Climbs up into the next cave, and sees the remains of the ice that they were frozen in.) "Ack, I thought I'd never have to gaze upon this grievous glacier again: Goldie: Aww! Why don't you hop in the ice to relive old times?
Scrooge: We'll need to set up camp until I figure this out: Goldie: Aren't you going to untie me?
Scrooge: And spoil the entertainment?
Goldie: Come on. Why do you hold such a grudge against me, Scrooge?
Scrooge: You left me for dead in the Gobi Desert, sold me to Portuguese pirates, threw me out of an airship over the Himalayas...
Goldie: Like you didn't love the challenge.
Scrooge: Ha ha ha, Why that biplane was a disaster. I remember that deranged pilot. Oh, what was his name? Frogurt.
Goldie: Oh, Foghorn, with the weird glass eye that turned out to be...
Scrooge and Goldie: ... a marble! (laughing)
Goldie: Oh, what happened, Scrooge? Why is this time any worse than the others?
Scrooge: You really don't know, do you? We spent five years, here, trapped in the ice with only our hatred for each other to keep us warm. But after half a decade spent staring at your thieving face, something changed, and that warmth came from something else. You could have freed me, but even after all that, you still abandoned me and left me for dead.
Goldie: You were supposed to follow me. That was our whole thing.
Scrooge: I was frozen in a giant glacier.
Goldie: You're Scrooge McDuck.
Scrooge: What? That can't be your reason for everything.
Goldie: Scroogie, it's the only reason that matters.
Scrooge: You loved gold more than you loved me.
Goldie: And that's why you loved me.
Scrooge: Ach, yeesh. (unties Goldie) Ach, cork it, Nanook, I already gave you half my salmon puffs.
Goldie: That's no bear.
Scrooge: It sounds like a waterfall. We always believed this was a dead end, but years of erosion must have thinned the walls. Nanook!
Goldie: Ah, pure liquid gold!
Scrooge: Woo ha ha! The Golden Lagoon of White Agony Plains. We finally found it!
Glomgold: Yes we did, Hahaha! Oof! That's right, Scrooge, we were working together this whole time.
Scrooge: Goldie! And back stabbed.
Glomgold: Once again Scrooge, you see there is nothing you can possess that I cannot... I'm sorry, is that a sack of Swedish meatballs? That's it. Next gala, no buffet.
Goldie: What are you doing here? I told you I was handling it.
Glomgold: And I was handling Scrooge. I mean, I almost had him with that one-man elevator.
Goldie: You idiot! I was in that one-man elevator, too.
Glomgold: (gasp) what were you doing in a one-person elevator with Scrooge?
Goldie: How many times do I have to tell you? We are not a thing.
Glomgold: Ah, classic Glomgoldie repartee.
Scrooge: Wait, how did this happen?
Glomgold: Oh you mean the greatest love story of all time? I remember it like it was yesterday.
Goldie: Ugh, it was yesterday.
Glomgold: Exactly. I arrived at a party in my finest finery. When we locked eyes, it was as if we were struck by an arrow from Eros, himself. Yes, it was the beginning of a love written in the stars.
Goldie: You know we were there and literally none of that happened. We teamed up to con you out of the map so that you would find the treasure for us. End of story.
Scrooge: We had a deal. I untied you from a bear. How could you do this to me?
Goldie: Because I'm Goldie O'Gilt.
Scrooge: Funny, somehow I keep forgetting.
Glomgold: As much as I enjoy watching this hilarious scene of rejection, I really love to destroy you before our dinner reservation at six.
Scrooge: We'll see about that! Yah! Nice Parry.
Goldie: Thanks, but let the lady lead.
Glomgold: Hey! I have a pickaxe too! Hah! Aah!
The three fight over to a bridge.
Glomgold: Flintheart Glomgold will not be a third wheel!
Goldie: Scrooge! Ugh!
Scrooge: Goldie!
Goldie: Aahh!
Scrooge: Ooh!
Glomgold: (falsetto) "Help me, Scroogie, I'm stuck at the bottom of a boiling lagoon!" Ha hahaha! Fooled you! Look who ended up with Goldie and the gold! Classic GlomGoldieGold!
Scrooge: Ah, Goldie. I was so busy looking for treasure, I ignored the one staring me in the face, and stabbing me in the back.
Glomgold: Goodbye sweet princess. If I had to choose between loving you, and killing him, it was kind of a no-brainer. When I pull this lever, liquid hot gold will spew out of this derrick and will complete the Glomgold trifecta: stealing your girlfriend, ending you, and becoming the richest duck in the world! (sinister laughter) Oh pity you're not alive to witness this sweetums, I know how much you would have wanted this for me.
Scrooge: Can we wrap this up, already?
Glomgold: Fair enough. Three, two, one, Glom-GO! What's happening? Stupid, cheap, Glomgold brand derricks! (gasp) What? What? What? What? What? What? (gasp) What? Where'd she go?
Goldie: Hoo de hoo, boys!
Scrooge: (gasp) Ah!
Glomgold: But, how? She should have been burned to a crisp.
Goldie: Don't worry, at least you have each other!
Scrooge: The Eye of Demigorgon makes you impervious to burns. She knew the whole time. (laughing)
Glomgold: Ugh, that two-timing, backstabbing thief! Get back here with my gold!
Scrooge: Isn't she fantastic?
Boys: Ooooohhh...
Huey: Ooh, tell us about your date with your girlfriend.
Dewey: Yeah, and your marriage and your baby and your baby carriage.
Louie: Ooh, and if we get a new aunt will she give us lots of fancy presents... wait, she's not in the will, is she?
Scrooge: Oh grow up!
Boys: (laughing)
Scrooge: (reads note) "Next time you need some gold in your life, come find me."