Episode Info: Transcript: Gallery: Clips: transcript: Scrooge and the kids enter a cavern underneath a Mayan temple.
Huey: (gasp)
Louie runs into a cobweb and accidentally pushes Scrooge into a pit. Scrooge climbs out as Louie shakes the web loose.
Dewey: (Whistles to get Webby's attention) (singing) Dew-dew-dew-dewey dewing it again. We're dewing it again, yeah.
Webby: (Singing along) With Webby, his best friend.
Dewey and Webby: (Singing) A duet with Dewey and Webby!
Louie: (Arrows shoot upwards) Gah!
Scrooge: (To Huey) Laddie?
Huey: (Same rhythm as the theme song) Step turn, step turn, step turn, dodge and step.
Scrooge and Huey: Step turn, step turn, step turn, dodge and step.
Louie: Uh boy. Okay, step-- (ends up running and collapsing at the end, panting and pelted with arrows.)
Scrooge: (Approaches pedestal, cracks neck, and prepares to grab the idol.)
Louie: Just grab it, already!
Scrooge: The Idol of Sybil is not a trinket to be unceremoniously swindled. Legend has it-
Louie: But- but- but- but- but- Can we just wrap up the "woah," and get to the "wait, what," already?
Scrooge: (blinks)
Louie: Woah, some cool hidden city or treasure or whatever. Wait, what? That cool thing is dangerous, or cursed, or guarded by centaurs? AAHH! Louie almost dies. Can we please move it along? That's how it goes.
Scrooge: Adventure is an unpredictable paramour. You've got to judge every angle. No two perilous scenarios are alike.
Dewey: Woah.
Louie: (holds up one finger)
Dewey: (lifts idol and springs trap) Wait, what?
Louie: (holds up two fingers)
Scrooge: Well, that doesn't mean...
All: (running from boulder) AHH!
opening theme: Dewey: What a rush!
Huey: That's incredible.
Webby: Woo!
Scrooge: I'll be in the study.
Beakley: I'll be right here, cleaning up after your last adventure.
Louie: Cool, I'm just going to lie here forever.
Scrooge: Kids! Kids, I found a hidden compartment in the idol. There's only a treasure map inside. Let's go!
Huey, Dewey, and Webby: Woo, hoo hoo hoo!
Louie: Ugh! I! Need! A! Break!
Huey: Expired rations. Old flares. Used gauze. (Retching)
Louie: I thought life with a treasure hunter would be way more treasure and way less hunting.
Huey: Isn't it great?! Charting the unknown. Following in the family tradition of adventure.
Louie: You remember Mom got lost in space, right?
Huey: Well, yeah, but she went solo without any help. We're a fine-tuned action machine. I'm the brains. Webby's the fist. Dewey's the devil-may-care guts. You... are there too. Plus, it's earned me the rank of Senior Junior Woodchuck. Two stripes! Look, I'm sure you'll get time off after we find this treasure, unless this treasure is cursed, and dispelling the curse leads to a whole other adventure, and so on, forever. Let's go!
Louie: Fine. Hey, maybe when we get back you can earn that sewing badge.
Huey: (laughs) Please, I earned my sewing badge ages ago. come on, I mean-
Louie: Then how did this stripe come loose?
Huey: That's impossible.
Louie: Must be more tired than you realize. You're slipping.
Scrooge: I never would have used a slip stitch. That is amateur hour. All this constant adventuring must have torn it apart.
Louie: Uncle Scrooge! All this constant adventuring is tearing us apart!
Scrooge: Nonsense, we're closer than ever. Eh, kids.
Dewey and Webby: (singing) Teamwork makes the dream work.
Louie: This needs to stop!
Scrooge: I've tried, but they really do enjoy harmonizing.
Louie: With all the nonstop danger we never get any quality time. Do we even really know each other? I mean, is this Huey, or Dewey? I don't know, which one has the hat?
Scrooge: There's no better bonding experience than a high-stakes, death-defying, adventure.
Louie: What about a quiet movie night in? Oh, or make your own pizza night? Ooh, how about game night?
Scrooge: Game night? (To Launchpad) GAME NIGHT! (To Donald) GAME NIGHT! (To a birdbath) GAME NIGHT! (Running with board games) GAME NIGHT!
Duckworth and Beakley: Oh no.
Louie: Ready for a relaxing night in?
Beakley: You know how competitive he gets when he's trying to best an enemy? On game night, we are the enemies.
Scrooge: Partner up, everyone. (To Donald) If we lose, you're out of the will.
Donald: I was in the will?
Dewey and Webby: I got Dewey/Webby!
Dewey: We're the perfect team in the field. Game night will be a snap.
Duckworth: Oh, uh, I sense that a dark magic's afoot in the ethereal plane. I must go.
Beakley: No! You blasted phantasm! You will not leave me to deal with this!
Duckworth: Spooky things. Farewell.
Launchpad: Oh, c'mon. Don't worry, Mrs. B. I'll be your game partner.
Beakley: (sigh) Fine. At least we'll lose quickly.
Louie: I guess that leaves us, Hu- You have a whole other thing going on.
Huey: You were right, man. We've got to stay in. Recenter. (sigh) Sewing. Totally basic skill, okay? Hah. YAH!
Louie: Okay, it will be a weird, stressful night in, but at least there's no-
Gyro: Adventure!
Louie: No, no..
Gyro: Oh yes, green duck. Behold. The Gearloose micro-phone. Capable of amplifying sub-decibelic feedback. It makes tiny sounds loud.
Louie: (into micro-phone) Go away! We don't want any!
Gyro: I believe there's a microscopic civilization of wandering nomads invisible to the naked eye living right here in your home! Listen to the sweet call of adventure.
Micro-phone: (Hooting and hollering.)
Louie: Nope! Hard pass!
Louie slams the door repeatably on Gyro until the door is fully closed.
Gyro: (shrinks door) I also added a shrink ray feature. We could shrink down, make first contact with the species whom I have named Gyropuddlians, and conquer, I mean, explore this tiny frontier. An entire universe right under your family's feet.
Louie: We'd never get a break. Even when we were home, we would just keep on... adventuring.
Gyro: Exactly! Now, where is your uncle? Wait.
Huey: (gasp) What did you do? You shrunk him!
Louie: Which is exactly what he wanted.
Huey: What?
Louie: Everything will be fine. Woah, Gyro shrunk down and worshiped as a god-king. Wait, what? They're in a war with a bunch of giant ants? AAAHH! He almost got eaten by a spider but survives and teaches everybody a lesson in trust or something!
Huey: That did happen twice last month. But is-
Gyro: (Through micro-phone) Primitive nomads, I give you the gift of superior intellect.
Gyropuddlians: ARRGHH!
Gyro: Uh, and this penlight.
Gyropuddlians: Ooh! Gyro! Gyro! Gyro!
Louie: See? Everything's fine. Come on, let Gyro have his own adventure while we take it easy for once, and we can have a quiet, rejuvenating night in. Bone up on your skills.
Huey: (Sigh)
Louie: And we can't tell anybody because if you do tell anybody, things will only get worse, until you'll never be able to sew a merit badge onto a sash ever again, okay?!
Huey: (Freaks out)
Scrooge: (Playing charades) The crab man of Crustacea! Ha ha! Nambian night sprites! The Seren-yeti!
Dewey: Oh, that's why he picked Donald.
Webby: You spend thirty years guessing what Donald is saying, you must get good at nonverbal communication.
Beakley: Time!
Donald: I was a mamanticore!
Scrooge: That was a mamanticore? This is a mamanticore! Uh-uh.
Beakley: Mr. McDuck and Donald scored thirty-four.
Scrooge: Grr.. Nope, this is a mamanticore, uh-uh.
Beakley: Next up, Webby and Dewey.
Webby: Those two can barely stand each other. Imagine what a perfectly in-sync team like us can do?
Beakley: And... Go!
Webby: Oh, this is easy.
Dewey: Sour! Sour grapes! Old prune! Hat! Fruit hat! It was a fruit hat! Bowler full of smoothies! Nailed it?! Money! Expensive smoothies! Smoothies with cash in them! Swim away from the smoothies! An old man! Prune smoothies! No?
Beakley: Time!
Webby: Ah! It was Scrooge McDuck!
Dewey: But Uncle Scrooge doesn't like smoothies.
Webby: Ah, just a slight hiccup. (singing) Teamwork makes the dream work. (talking) Right?
Dewey: (nods yes)
Beakley: Huey?
Huey: Nothing is weird. Did you say something? I'm not saying anything.
Louie: Because this is charades and those are the rules. Very good, Huey. (Whispers to Huey) Keep it together. (Round begins) Ready, and...
Gyro: Go my minions! Do the bidding of your god-king.
Scrooge: What was that?
Louie: Yep, great guess, Huey. "Do the bidding of your god-king." Says it right there. What are we playing next? I don't know! I'll go get some snacks!
Gyropuddlians: (Screaming as micro-phone is picked up.)
Louie: I thought you were having the adventure of a lifetime, by yourself.
Gyro: I was! Unfortunately, my people have declared war on the evil giants. That's you.
Huey: Wait, what?
Gyro: Apparently, you've accidentally destroyed every tiny town they've ever built. Laundry Basket City. Top-hatisail. The Floating Island of Toilet-opolis.
Louie: Ewww.
Gyro: I thought I could shrink you down.
Louie: Nope, this is our night off. You can handle this mess on your own.
Gyro: Of course I can, for I am Gyro the Mighty. Gyro the Unconquerable, AH! Giant ants! Shrink them! Shrink them!
Huey and Louie: AAAHH!!
Huey: Oh, come on!
Launchpad: Hey guys, got any guacamole? (gets shrunken and dials cell phone) Maybe some humus?
Louie: Launchpad! Are you okay?
Launchpad: Yep. Wait, I seem to be stuck in a giant world of nightmare horrors. Hey, there's Gyro and a bunch of guys. Ooh, a giant spider.
Huey: Louie, I know this is our night off, but we got to do something.
Louie: Why? Gyro's a genius, and Launchpad has crashed so many times I'm convinced he may be immortal.
Huey: We've been on dozens of adventures. Why are these recent ones any different?
Louie: Look I just- We need a break, alright?
Huey: Well, I'm telling Uncle Scrooge.
Louie: Huey!
Huey: Louie!
Beakley: Boys? Have you seen Launchpad?
Louie: He left for non-suspicious reasons.
Beakley: (sarcastically) Oh no, without my partner I can't play. Curse my luck. Just curse it. Good night.
Louie: One calm night, and I promise we'll set everything straight.
Huey: Hmmm.
Donald: Careful, careful, careful!
Scrooge: Will you pipe down? I reassembled the Arden of Pharaoh Top-mouse the Third.
Donald: Now! Do it Now!
Scrooge and Donald: Ha ha! Team Uncle for the win!
Dewey: Hey guys. Just in time to watch us totally embarrass the olds. You got this?
Webby: Does a bumberdinger have wings? It does.
Dewey: I knew that. I knew that. Totally in sync. Break.
Webby: I'll tap the block, you pull it from the other side.
Dewey: You're tapping two blocks.
Webby: No I'm not.
Dewey: Well it's not moving by itself.
Louie: Launchpad, where are you?
Launchpad: Well, in honor of our victory over the spider, Gyro demanded an offering. So, we're trying to conquer the Tower of Infinity in the TV room.
Louie: Tower of Infinity? What?
Gyropuddlians: (yelling)
Huey: Launchpad, stop them. If both blocks come out, the tower will collapse. You'll be...
Dewey and Webby: (gasp)
Louie: (gasp)
Operator: The number you have reached has been disconnected.
Louie and Huey: No nonononono!
Louie: Careful, you'll crush them!
Huey: They're already crushed! (Crying) Why? WHY?!!!!
Webby: Guys, relax. It's just a game.
Dewey: Yeah, a game you lost for us.
Webby: What?
Dewey: Nothing.
Launchpad: Uh, hello?
Louie and Huey: (laughter and tears of joy) Yes!
Louie: It's nice to talk to your friends on the phone. It's so much more personal than texting.
Scrooge: Okay, Next game.
Huey: Launchpad, how are you okay?
Launchpad: The good news is, the Gyropuddlians are fast. The bad news is, they thought the tower was a trap and now they decided to use Gyro's doohickey to declare war on us all.
Gyro: Unhand me, intellectual inferiors!
Launchpad: Now Gyro, you catch more flies with honey than vinegar. Ah! GIANT FLIES! Ahh!!
Gyro: They caught and trained them!
Huey: What are we going to do, Louie?
Louie: Just a fun night in. No stress. Wonderful memories.
Huey: Hey, what is up with you?
Louie: Nothing, I'm just lovably lazy.
Huey: No, seriously. Why have you been so down on adventuring lately?
Louie: Because I'm not good at it, okay? You guys all have your things. Mom was great at adventuring and she still got hurt. I'm only good at talking my way out of it. How long before that's not enough?
Huey: Are you really going to let our family get hurt because you're afraid to get hurt?
Louie: Wait, where's the micro-phone?
Gyropuddlian: (war chanting)
Scrooge: Behold, the final challenge. Scroogeopoly: the thrilling game of finance and property acquisition.
Dewey: The final challenge feels extremely rigged. Your face is literally on the box.
Scrooge: Nonsense. Now, which piece will your team play as?
Dewey: Actually, maybe-
Webby: Yeah, maybe we'll play on our own. I'll be the top hat.
Dewey: I'll be the other top hat.
Scrooge: And I will be the top hat. Oldest player goes first.
Louie: Hurry! They're going to shrink everybody.
Scrooge: I'll buy Dawson, put bins in Howduyustan, and collect rent dividends on all the rest. And Donald lands in jail.
Donald: Again?
Scrooge: And that will be taxes and fees for each property you own. Heh, and I thought you were easy to beat as a team.
Donald: Huh?
Scrooge: Isn't anybody worthy to put up a fight?
Webby: Ah!
Dewey: Uh!
Gyropuddlian: (indecipherable language)
Launchpad: Hi, Dewey.
Dewey: Is this part of the game? Or, uh-
Gyro: Careful! They don't trust outsiders for some reason.
Huey: Quick! Unshrink them. Ah! not him!
Louie: We can't just blast wildly. We need a plan. What do I do? What do I do? What do I do? What do "I" do? (gasp) That's what I do! Everybody listen!
All: Louie?
Launchpad: Hey, Louie!
Louie: Launchpad, crash you way out of there to break them up.
Launchpad: Okay, but what do I crash with? I don't see anything crash-able.
Gyro: Ow! Ow! Owie!
Louie: Scrooge and Donald! Coral the Gyropuddlians onto Barks Place.
Scrooge: C'mon, you minuscule hooligans!
Louie: Huey, show him what a Senior Junior Woodchuck can do.
Huey: Seed! Stitching line! Yoke! Basting stitch!
Gyropuddlian: (struggles with being tied up in thread.)
Louie: Dewey, Webby, get up to those flies.
Dewey: Shouldn't Scrooge and Donald do it?
Scrooge: Kind of busy now, kids.
Webby: But you guys are totally in sync.
Scrooge: Are you daft? I'm a billionaire and he's a moocher that lives in that pool, and eats my food.
Donald: Hey!
Webby: We lost every game. We argue and we have nothing in common.
Dewey: Outside of adventure, how are we even friends?
Scrooge: Of course you're not friends. You drive each other crazier than anyone could and still care about each other more than anyone. You're not friends; you're family. NOW MOVE!
Webby: Together!
Webby and Dewey: (singing) Teamwork makes the dream work.
Louie: Almost, almost, Now!
Scrooge: So, I believe it was my turn?
The next day: Louie: (Sigh) I have thirteen different apologies depending on how mad you are.
Scrooge: Close the door.
Louie: Oh, you're that mad.
Scrooge: You saw the angles didn't you? You saw the pieces on the board, devised a plan, delegated, and executed perfectly. You even offered the wee warriors a permanent home. Do you know how I made my fortune?
Louie: Yes, by being tougher than the toughies, and smarter than the smarties.
Scrooge: And, sharper than the sharpies. People don't know about that one. The ability to read a situation and see all the shortcuts and the possibilities. Your mother could do it. So can you.
Louie: I can?
Scrooge: I should have seen it. The way you were picking apart those adventures earlier: the "woah," the "wait, what," the "ahh." If you apply that gift, you might be a bigger billionaire than I am one day. Here, it's not a number-one dime, but it's a start.
Louie: Woah.
Louie starts up a business called "Louie Inc."
Huey, Dewey, and Webby: Wait, What?