Magica: (laughing)
Lena: Will you stop? That's really annoying.
Magica: You're really annoying. I give you one simple task.
Lena: Simple? How in the heck is this simple?
Magica: All you have to do is pose as the pink one's friend. Gain her trust. Get invited to a series of sleepovers, forge a Vesuvian diamond dagger that can cut through anything, sneak into Scrooge's room while sleeps to enact my grim revenge, and-
Lena: and cut loose Scrooge's number one dime without him waking up while you yell at me the whole time.
Scrooge: um, ah.
Magica: I'm not yelling, I'm whispering harshly! You want your freedom, you do as I order.
Lena: I'm not your puppet. You really want to hurt Scrooge, be my guest.
Magica: I would love to, but, (tries to attack Scrooge), I miss carnage. Quickly, the eclipse is coming. with it my power grows but it's still hard without the dime.
Lena: Would you just quiet down. We don't want to get caught.
Webby: Lena, what are you doing?
Lena: Uhhhh...
opening theme: Lena: Ehhh...
Scrooge: Get your filthy chimney hands off my hard earned mountain. Yah!
Webby: What were you doing in Scrooge's room?
Lena: What were you doing there?
Webby: Oh nothing. Definitely not collecting drool samples while he sleeps.
Lena: No, you think it's silly.
Webby: What?
Lena: Well, it's just Mr. McDuck's pretty cool, I may have caught a bit of the obsession bug from you.
Webby: Oh no, sorry you caught THE GREATEST DISEASE EVER! Oh oh, let's start a fan club, oh, the fan club should start a blood oath. Oh let's take a blood oath!
Lena: Or... we can start by checking out Scrooge's number one dime.
Webby: Huh, I wish. He keeps it to himself, that selfishly lovable genius, but I do have an exhaustively researched presentation on the life and times of Scrooge McDuck!
Lena: Oh no.
Webby: Scotland 1867: A duckling is hatched to humble beginnings.
Lena and Magica: Ugh.
Dewey: (Concentrating)
Louie: And... time!
Dewey: Ulp, hah! Did I do it? Did I break the world record for doing slash folding laundry?
Louie: According to this very real almanac, you... missed the record by two seconds.
Dewey: Oh man, I'm never going to get a world record in anything.
Louie: Hey, winning the world record in literally anything is your dream. And I will always be there to support that dream. With piles of dirty clothes.
Dewey: (smiles)
Louie: What?
Huey: Do you realize how mad Dewey will be when he finds out you've been taken advantage of him?
Louie: Do you realize Dewey ruined my favorite hoodie in the wash? So who's the real victim here?
Huey: Hey! No problem, how about I darn it, and rewash it for you? Okay, bye.
Webby: Until Scrooge realized his worst nightmare was being caused by a mythical dream catcher he found January 8th, 1977. On January 9th, 1977...
Scrooge: I'm telling you, something is off in the mansion.
Beakley: Mr. McDuck, I assure you. Nothing strange is going on here.
Scrooge: Then how do you explain this? My Number One Dime has been tampered with.
Beakley: But the filament is made from uncuttable enchanted quadriamond. Anything that could cut it would-
Scrooge: Would have to be supernatural. There's something afoot in this house, and I'm going to find out what.
Huey: (gasp)
Scrooge: Until I get to the bottom of this, I'm putting the dime in the Other Bin for safe keeping.
Magica: (gasp)
Webby: Making Scrooge McDuck the finest adventure capitalist the world will ever see. Now onto the slide show. I'm going to get the projector.
Lena: Ugh...
Magica: Well, you messed up.
Lena: I literally haven't moved.
Magica: You didn't move fast enough before, and now our arch-nemesis is on to us. Scrooge went and hid the dime in something called The Other Bin. This is all your fault.
Lena: Okay, you're mad. But at least the dime isn't on him anymore. We just gotta find this mysterious other bin thingy. You're welcome.
Magica: You just had to waste your time with lecture girl instead of sticking to the plan.
Lena: Using her was part of the plan.
Magica: THEN USE HER ALREADY!
Webby: Okay, most of these are an artist rendering of the facts, but I drew them, so they're amazing.
Lena: Cool. Uh real quick, What's the other bin?
Webby: (gasp)
Lena: Good, you've heard of it. Let's go.
Webby: Oh no no no no. The Money Bin is where the money goes. The Other Bin is for the other things, the bad things where Scrooge puts all most dangerous finds and artifacts to keep them away from prying hands. Why would you want to go there?
Lena: Cause I just heard Scrooge say he put his number one dime in there.
Webby: Ah, he almost never takes off the dime.
Lena: Then we better go check it out before he takes it back.
Webby: Oh, I don't know.
Lena: (sigh) You're telling me there's a mystical room in your own home that you never been to that contains Scrooge's greatest secrets and you DON'T want to go there?!
Webby: Uh.. Ah, okay, fine. To adventure!
Huey: What? no, I didn't do anything. Nothing is going on.
Louie: So... this isn't your Big-Foot.
Dewey: Whaaaaaa what?
Huey: I can explain. I was in the woods bird watching. Little did I know, something was watching me. "Easy fellow. Seems like your heart is a tender as your feet. I shall call you Tender-feet." What started as an anthropological find, became a friendship for the ages!
Louie: Hey! He's stretching out my hoodie! Hey don't take mine-
Tenderfeet: (crying)
Huey: Look what you did. He's so sensitive.
Dewey: You are family now.
Louie: Oh, come on.
Huey: We gotta keep him a secret. Uncle Scrooge is on the hunt.
Louie: Which is why we should hand him over. The last thing I need is Scrooge snooping around and finding any number of my devious, yet delightful schemes.
Huey: You mean all those schemes we know about?
Dewey: Sure would be a shame if Uncle Donald found out about that "charity" he's been donating to for the past three years.
Louie: Hey! Louie's Kids takes Uncle Donald's donations for children in need. Children like me. Children exactly like me. (mumbling) It's for me.
Tender-feet: Uh...
Huey: I promise I'll fix your hoodie.
Louie: Fine, I'll do it. For the CHILDREN.
Scrooge: The dime is secure, now the hunt is on.
Webby: Based on Duckworth's old cleaning schedule, the entrance to the other bin is somewhere in here.
Lena: (gasp)
Webby: Don't worry, it's just some assorted zombie parts.
Lena: Scrooge sure seems to be good at hunting monsters.
Webby: He's never met a mystical foe he couldn't defeat. Right, zombie hand?
Lena: Well, that's comforting.
Webby: According to this, to find the bin, we must see through Scrooge's eyes and get into his head.
Lena: Looks like someone already got to his head.
Webby: Through his eyes. (gasp) I see a painting.
Lena: This must be it, but how do we get into his head?
Webby: What's he looking at? (gasp)
Lena: Hey, Lemme see that.
Webby: Wow, for a forbidden danger chamber, this has been pretty easy. We should find the dime in no time.
Lena: You were saying?
Webby: Maybe we should do some more research before we're, you know, lost in here forever?
Lena: So it's a little bigger than we thought. It's still worth it to find the dime.
Webby: Uh fine, but we need to take some time to figure out which door to open. (gasp)
Lena: Why is Scrooge hiding a frilly unicorn?
Webby: (gasp) Sword horse.
Webby and Lena: Aahh!
Louie: (sigh) I need something to calm my nerves. Where's my Pep Select? Hey, what are you doing?
Huey: Tender-feet, there you are. How do you keep getting out, buddy?
Tender-feet: (mimics i don't know)
Louie: Quit eating and drinking the best snacks. That's my thing. What, you, c'mon, hey!
Dewey: Not cool, Louie.
Huey: Relax, Louie. Tender-feet doesn't know any better.He's just a lovable, simple-minded beast.
Louie: Simple-minded? He's making a sandwich on a panini press.
Tenderfeet: Huh? Heh-heh-heh.
Huey: We gotta get him out of here before Scrooge sees him.
Dewey: Here boy, delicious baloney.
Tender-feet: Nuh-uh.
Louie: Ugh, how about some fancy cheese? (Scrooge walks in)
Kids: (gasp)
Scrooge: Hm, still warm. Dill pickles and salted ham. An excellent pairing of flavors. Clever girl.
Webby: Yah, Woah! This is so dangerous. Wee!
Magica: Someone's wearing her crazy pants, today. C'mon, let's ditch her and find the dime.
Lena: We can't.
Magica: Ooh. If I didn't know any better, I say you value your little sidekick over your own freedom.
Lena: Oh, Believe me, I would do anything to get you off my back, but without Webby, I could be lost forever. Oh no, Webby, catch.
Webby: (gasp) Huh, Yah! Okay, that was intense. We should go back, develop a system, figure out where to look safely.
Lena: A system? That could take months. We gotta find the dime now before Scrooge decides to take it back.
Webby: Why? What's the hurry? Follow up question, where did you get a diamond dagger from anyway?
Lena: Oh hey look, mysteries.
Webby: Six, four, five, six, (gasp) or six, four, fifty-six.
Lena: Yes, um hum, numbers.
Webby: They're dates. June 4th 1956. The day Scrooge captured the sword horse. And if you recall from today's lecture, the date Scrooge earned his number one dime was.
Lena: (stammering)
Webby: 1877! Come on!
Huey: Tender-feet, here Tender-feet.
Louie: How do you keep losing a giant monster?
Huey: Just because we like him better than you doesn't mean you have to hate him.
Louie: Wait, what?! I am your brother! You met this thing like a day ago!
Dewey: Well he never tricked me into doing his laundry. Yeah, I know about that.
Huey: We gotta split up to find him.
Tender-feet: Woo hoo hoo. Dudes, I'm telling you. This mansion is sick. Check it.
Bro 2
Bro, there's so much mahogany.
Tender-feet: Right? this con is killer. I'm all like "rar rar rar," and these dummies let me do whatever I want!
Bro 3
Dude, you're the man, Gavin!
Tenderfeet: Ah yeah, guess who has two opposable thumbs and is inviting you all over for a massive party? Uh, this guy!
Bro 2 and 3
Woo hoo, party's on.
Tender-feet: Yeah yeah yeah, anyway I'll group text you the deets, Gavin out!
Louie: Gavin out, indeed.
Tenderfeet: Huh? Oh, I mean, ruh???
Louie: Can't out-con a con, "bro". Oh, Uncle Scrooge!
Tenderfeet: So, you figured out the Big-Foot in your house is scamming you. Problem is, the Big-Foot in your house is scamming you. And yeah bro, he lifts. Heh-heh-heh.
Scrooge: What? did you see something, lad?
Louie: Um, well, oh, oh my, uhhhh, no.
Scrooge: Eh, wasting my time. And pick up that trash!
Huey: Tender-feet...
Tenderfeet: Huh, hhrrhh.
Dewey: Aw, was mean old Louie mean again?
Tenderfeet: Uh huh.
Dewey: Oh, It's okay boy.
Louie: Oh bigfoot, you just poked the bear.
Webby: Here we go. 1877, Scrooge's number one dime.
Magica: This is it.
Webby: Hey Lena, I think you locked me out, accidentally.
Magica: (laughing) yes, the time is at hand. Closer fool, closer. What are you waiting for? An invitation? Take the dime! Yes!
Lena: Uh, Ahh, AAhh!
Magica: Finally, the power! That felt good. With the dime in my hands, nothing can stand in my way. (laughter) Wait, you deserve a hug.
Webby: Diamond dagger cuts through anything. Wait, what's going on? Is that?
Magica: Yep. A harbinger of your doom.
Webby: Oh no, the dime! Give it back! Lena, run!
Magica: Why? She's been working for me.
Webby: Scrooge!
Lena: Webby! No!
Magica: She keeps barging in. We gotta put a bell on her or something.
Lena: What are you doing?
Magica: Exactly what you've been doing the whole time. Using her, pulling her strings. Here, allow me to demonstrate with delightful irony.
Magica impersonating Webby: Scrooge this. Scrooge that. Pink stuff. Hi, I'm Webster.
Magica: Or whatever.
Lena: Her name is Webby.
Magica: Who cares? I mean, you don't. You were just using her, right? Like a tool. What's the matter? Do you miss your friend the slide ruler?
Magica impersonating Webby: Good one, Magica.
Magica: Thanks, dummy. Ha! Little prop humor for you there. Good time, now give me the dime.
Lena: I'm not doing anything until you turn Webby back.
Magica: I'm sorry, I must have misheard you. Are you telling your master what to do? Because that doesn't sound like someone who wants her freedom, does it, Wendy? Let's try this again. Give- me- the dime!
Lena: No! I'm not your puppet anymore.
Magica: Is that so? Luckily, I have a spare!
Magica impersonating Webby: You're not my friend. You're a coward! A traitor!
Lena: No, Webby, this isn't you.
Magica impersonating Webby: I know who you really are: a monster! Just like your aunt! AAHH!!
Magica: Whoops! She gone.
Lena: Nooo!!!
Webby: Lena, wake up you snoring angel.
Lena: Webby? Where's the dime, where's-
Webby: There is no dime. There never was. The dream catcher from the lecture. It sucked you into...
Lena: ...my worst nightmare.
Webby: Aw, you were listening. I got the code wrong. This one is one eight, seventy-seven, we need eighteen seventy-seven. C'mon.
Lena: No, I'm done. Let's get out of here before anything else bad happens.
Magica: What? No! No! No! No!
Louie: Huey! Dewey! Come quick!
Huey: (gasp) Tenderfeet! What's wrong?
Tenderfeet: What the? I mean.. hrrrh?
Louie: He's losing his hair. Without the majestic power of the woods, Tenderfeet is dying.
Dewey: Stupid majestic woods.
Louie: We must take him back where he belongs before it's too late.
Tenderfeet: hrrr hrr hrrh rrhr hrr.
Scrooge: Ah ha! A bigfoot. I knew there was something strange afoot.
Huey: No please don't! He's our friend.
Dewey: His name is Tenderfeet, but his soul is tender too.
Louie: We brought him out of the woods into the mansion and right into our hearts. We thought we were saving him, but in a way, he was saving us. You know what that's like, right? Maybe Tenderfeet is someone's nephew, and he must return home to his own uncle.
Scrooge: Ulp, oh go ahead.
Huey: When we first met, it was a thorn in your paw. But now?
Dewey: It's in here.
Tenderfeet: (whimpering)
Louie: (whispers) I win (loudly) Now go back from wince you came. This is for your own good. Go on! Get out of here! Go! Go! Goooo!! Bye Tenderfeet, I love you. Have fun living in the gross woods and not our awesome mansion anymore.
Tenderfeet: Stupid duck with a hoodie...
Huey: You did a good thing, Louie.
Louie: That's what Louie's kids is all about.
Webby: You know, this was fun, but I'm kind of glad we stopped. I was a little nervous about the whole thing.
Lena: I know, and I'm sorry I forced you to do something you didn't want to do.
Scrooge: What the blazes are you two doing in here?
Webby: Oh, of course! The number one dime was in the number one chamber. Duh!
Scrooge: No one thinks to check the first one. But you shouldn't be checking at all. The other bin is far too dangerous.
Lena: It's on me. We wanted to see your dime, and we overheard you were keeping it in here, and: Webby: Sorry, Uncle Scrooge.
Scrooge: You should know by now, that if you want to know something all you had to do was ask. Be straight with me, lassie. What if you were lost, or hurt, or eaten by the dragon?
Webby: Aw man, there's a dragon in here?
Magica: Blah! now, listen to your aunt and grab the dime, grab the dime, grab the dime.
Lena: No! Family is supposed to help you, not hold you hostage.
Magica: They'll turn on you. Call you a monster.
Lena: You're the monster here, and I know just the hunter to take you down. Mr. McDuck? There's something I need to tell you. My aunt is Mah- mah- mahahha- I haven't checked in with her, I got to go.
Scrooge: Well go on then, lass. Let's get you home to your family.
Lena possessed by Magica: Huh, I didn't know I could do that. Neat. As the eclipse nears, my powers grow (Lena's voice) Guess I'll have to get the dime myself. Hey, where do you keep your sharp knives?