Episode Info: Transcript: Gallery: Clips: The episode opens with a shot of the Earth from space. Camera moves down to show a scorpion-like creature on the Moon walking. It turns it eyes and squeals before running away. Della Duck is running in zero gravity along the Moon's landscape. From a hilltop, Penumbra is eavesdropping on her and watching via binoculars. Della descends to the crater with the Spear of Selene wreckage. A bag of gold drops at Della's feet. Inside, the TV is playing the news report from the shadow crisis aftermath presumably on a loop.
Roxanne Featherly: And so Duckburg is saved, thanks to Scrooge McDuck and his family!
Della sets her bag of gold on her desk. Outside, Penumbra's foot steps in. Cut back to the inside of the Spear of Selene, Della gets out blowtorch and lights it a bit before falling asleep. Penumbra peaks in.
Della Duck: [Snores but is startled awake] Uh! Can't stop! So close!
While Della applies her goggles, cut to Penumbra up close with a scornful look on her face.
Penumbra: Treacherous spy; What are you really up to?
Cut to Earth in the yards of McDuck Manor. A hammock has been set up. Donald's hand turns on a radio to play Hawaiian music. Donald claps his hands and jumps onto his hammock to get some rest. A blue bird tweets on a tree then flies off. Donald surveys his surroundings while a grasshopper chirps and a butterfly flies by. The butterfly stops on Donald's beak before leaving, then Donald stretches his arms and gets out a green book. He flips through pages and makes a sound with his beak.
Huey Duck: [Off-camera] Uncle Donald!
Webby Vanderquack: [in unison with Huey] Donald!
Huey and Webby run in and run under the hammock causing it to spin and ensnare Donald in the ropes with a quack wail.
Donald Duck: Careful, this was expensive!
Huey Duck: [Reads the hammock's label] A prescription hammock? "For molting related to stress."
Huey makes the Hammock spin again until it's back to a normal state with Donald rolling upside down before falling to the ground.
Donald Duck: [Stuck in the ground] Doctor's orders...
Webby Vanderquack: That's ridiculous; You're not molting! [Donald moves his hand across his face] Look at that luscious head full of- [Sees Donald's handful of loose feathers] Ooh!
Huey Duck: [After the feathers fall] Ooh, that's a lot of feathers.
Webby Vanderquack: [Pulls out a VHS box looking demonic in appearance] Anyway, we need to borrow your old VCR so we can watch this copy of the "Necronomicasette." The VHS that raises the dead, the most horrifying-
Huey Duck: [Steps in for Webby with sweat raining from his face] B horror movie from the nineties! [Hands Donald his sailor hat] We'll take care of it, no need to worry. [Innocently] Read your book, relax. Everything's fine!
Webby Vanderquack: [Making a zombie face] If we don't become zombies!
Huey Duck: [Nudges Webby with his elbow] From too much time in front of the old BOOB TUBE! Ha, 'kay. Bye!
Huey drags Webby away leaving Donald alone with his hammock.
Donald Duck: Everything's fine.
Donald drops onto his hammock and goes back to his book never noticing a bright red light flashing in the distance. Donald looks back but then turns back to his book making two noises with his beak. But then the grasshopper from earlier makes a worried chirp and hops away. A zombie hand raises from where the grasshopper was. Donald makes a quack-gasp and pants while three more zombie hands and one zombie foot rise out of the ground. A zombie hand pinches Donald's butt, forcing him to jump off the hammock with a pained quack and almost lands on the zombie hands before fleeing. One hand clutches one of Donald's loose feathers.
Theme song plays: We are given a shot of the Moon as the camera zooms. Cut to Tranquility, Lunaris is walking with Della.
General Lunaris: I do wish you would take up our offer to stay with us here. [They do not see Penumbra spying from the shadows] It would be the perfect place to work on your ship.
Della Duck: [Yawn] No thanks. The only person I ever managed to bunk with was my brother, and we fought constantly.
General Lunaris: Well, it's better than sleeping out in the wastes.
Della Duck: Oh, I'm not sleeping. [Hold two fingers like a pinch] I am THIS to patching up my ship and getting home to my family. I just a little... [Gold is seen in Della's eyes] more... [chews some of her Oxy-chew gum] gold... [Cut to a shot of the giant golden statue of Lunaris and Penumbra posing] Whoa... Is that Penny?
General Lunaris: [From a bird's eye view, Lunaris is holding his hand out] Penumbra was our greatest warrior. Together, we held the mites at bay. She is a hero of the Planet Moon.
Della Duck: [Camera reveals Della who has her right arm under her left forearm] Which is technically not a planet, so... Moon-Moon?
Penumbra: [Off camera and angrily] PLANET MOOOON!
Penumbra runs to Della, and jumps to the Earth duck she despises and lifts her by her legs.
Della Duck: [Friendly] Oh, hi, Penny.
Penumbra: PENUMBRA!
Della Duck: Oh, is it Moon custom to yell? [Loudly] HOWDY PENNY!
General Lunaris: [Walks up] Forgive Penumbra. Since the mites stopped attacking, she is a warrior with no war to fight.
Della Duck: [Snarky] Looks who's got an extended vacay, huh? What are you gonna do now?
Penumbra: [Drops Della to the ground] Seethe.
Della Duck: [Picks herself up] Sounds fun! I better get back to work; [Walks away] The Spear of Selene's not gonna rebuild itself.
Penumbra: [Sarcastically] Yes, go back to your mysterious project. I am definitely not suspicious of you! [Chuckles sarcastically, then resumes her suspicious tone] She's a liar, [Raises her laser gun] let's blast her.
Lunaris: (chuckle) I think I spy the green-eyed monster of jealousy.
Penumbra: I'm not jealous. She's trying to convince you all she's your friend to distract you from some devious attack.
Lunaris: Penumbra, come with me. See that rock? My father, General Merdian, was terrified of it. Claimed to have seen mysterious objects launched off it. He was so afraid that he drove us into hiding underground, which allowed the mites to become a problem in the first place. Does Della look like a threat to you?
Penumbra: No. She is squishy and easily defeatable if you would just let me.
Lunaris: I will not spend my life in fear of them, Penumbra. Our people will see that in time. So will you.
Penumbra: I tell you she will not rest until she wrecks havoc on our planet.
Lunaris: Poor thing. Penumbra, she's staying with you. That's an order.
Huey and Webby: Aahh!
Donald: Hah! huh?
Huey: Ah! Klaatu barada nikto!
Donald: Ha ha!
Webby: That was awesome!
Huey: We're alive! See, I told you everything was fine. Get back to rest.
Donald: Everything's fine.
Donald: (panting) Ahh.
Dewey: Guess who's a god now? Eh? Eh?
Donald: Huh? Oh no.
Storkules: Intrepid Dewey bravely seized the sandals of Hermes from my chest, and is now messenger of the gods. (thunder) Father is most displeased.
Dewey: Um, he's just jealous cause I'm the youngest Dew-ity on the block.
Storkules: Father has declared war on Dewey Duck.
Donald: What?
Dewey: Yeesh, Don't worry, Uncle Donald. You just rest. We totally got this.
Storkules: Ha ha.
Dewey: Ow, the lightning burns.
Donald: Aah!
Della: Hey roomie. Woah. Hey careful. You don't want to burn down your garage. Sorry, our garage. Lunaris told me you so generously volunteered to put me up. I was like, well I can't say no to my new best friend, right? Look at us, strangers from different worlds forced to be roommates. We're a classic odd couple.
Penumbra: I don't know what that is.
Della: Heh. Thanks for letting me stay at your pad, Penny.
Penumbra: Lieutenant Penumbra.
Della: Ah, look at your cute little spear.
Penumbra: That was my childhood training spear. I used it to defend my home from unwanted pests.
Della: Oh. Speaking of spears, I better get back to working on mine. Hey, we both have spears. That's neat.
Penumbra: No, it isn't.
Della: Yes, it is.
Penumbra: No, it isn't.
Della: Yes, it is.
Penumbra: No! Treacherous impostor. No one is falling for your earth ways.
Gibbous: You're the stranger that saved us with your earth ways. Hey zenith.
Zenith: A true hero living right next door. Count my lucky stars.
Gibbous: I heard you beat the mite with compassion. Is that some fancy earth fighting technique?
Della: No no, I'm just a mom trying to get home to see her kids.
Gibbous: You gave us so much.
Zenith: we would be honored to help you in any way.
Della: Really? thanks.
Penumbra: Has everyone gone crazy? Why are you helping her? Argh!
Della: So I tied up the Beagle Boys and strung them down from the bank rafters like a yo-yo.
Gibbous: That is amazing. What is a yo-yo?
Della: You do tricks with it? Around the world? Walk the dog?
Gibbous: That is amazing. What is a dog?
Penumbra: Dazzling them with lies about how your pitiful planet us better than ours, pfft. Two can play at that game.
Della: Ah, well look who's coming around.
Penumbra: Greetings, roomie.
Della: Do I see a shenanigan in our future?
Penumbra: Yes, shenanigans. Another reason Planet Moon is more fun than your lame earth.
Della: Aw, we can both be great right? The earth, the moon which orbits around the earth.
Penumbra: Argh! Shenanigan, heh heh heh. Anyway, the moon is safe and beautiful and is everything you possibly want, right?
Zenith: I thought so, until I learned of the wondrous dogs and yo-yos. Tell us more about why you love it so.
Della: Well, because my family is there, and because the earth has wonders large and small. The pyramids, the humpback whale, slap bracelets.
Palus: What is a slapping bracelets?
Della: Observe.
Palus: I've never seen anything so stylish.
Penumbra: Um, hello. We have matching outfits made of gold.
Della: The earth is beautiful. When I get back, I'm gonna show my boys every inch of it. It'll be like I never left. We'll conquer Mount Neverrest, discover the hidden pyramid of Toth-ra. I'm telling you, my family is fearless.
Donald: Aahhh!
Zeus: Foolish son, inviting mortals into the Pantheon.
Storkules: Father, they are my friends. Please cease your wrath.
Donald: Ahh! Donald out.
Dewey: I shall face my fellow god in a manner befitting the Olympus. Hey Beardo, you stink!
Zeus: No, you do!
Donald: No! Go! Go!
Penumbra: Argh! Huh? She sprung her trap.
Della: The gargantuan gilded man tore through El Dorado annihilating everything in its path like woooo. But I looked the bionic behemoth square in its cold, unfeeling eyes. I climbed up his craggy armor, burst inside, and tore him apart from within bringing his tyrannical mechanical reign to an end.
MS: Woo! (applause)
Zenith: Ooh, nothing that exciting ever happens in Tranquility.
Penumbra: That's why it's called Tranquility, not Robot Monster Town.
Palus: Ooh, is there a Robot Monster Town on earth?
Della: Not once I'm done with it.
Lunaris: Penumbra, your orders were to see that our guest has a pleasant stay. I don't think getting speared would be very pleasant.
Penumbra: No, just a little?
Lunaris: No harm is to come to Della.
Penumbra: But she is filling their heads with earth lies and making me, I mean us, the moon seem inferior by comparison.
Lunaris: She's sharing the wonders of her culture like this rocket. So intricate yet so simple. Why, all she has to do is flip this little switch to launch the spear into space. Remarkable. You have to think about the big picture, Penumbra.
Zeus: (panting) I'm counting this as a win.
Donald: Aahh!
Storkules: Oh, aerodynamic Donald. Who knew that your bold brand of goodness can be matched only by your-
Donald: Gotta rest. Everything's fine. (sigh) Aah!
Scrooge: What are you doing here?
Donald: Well, I-
Louie: Nothing. Definitely not checking your pockets for spare million dollar bills.
Scrooge: No, neither of you. Him. Why are you trespassing in my togs, goat?
Goat: I'm no goat. This is merely my terrestrial form.
Donald: Oh no.
Goat: And the laws of man do not apply in the ethereal realm of Goat'hool, the netherworld of treasures untold and petulant orcs. Enter nobles, and ye shall be kings.
Louie: Kings! Woo hoo!
Scrooge: Treasure!
Donald: Ah, come on!
Penumbra: Uhm, Uhm, Uhm!
Moonlanders: Ooh. Woo. Aah!
Della: It's working. Thanks, all of you. I'm finally getting back to my family on earth.
Moonlanders: (cheering)
Penumbra: If you all think earth is so great, why don't you just go already?
Palus: Can we please go with you?
Gibbous: Ooh, we could get our very own dog.
Zenith: Ooh, and dress it in slap bracelets.
Moonlanders: (cheering)
Della: I wish I could take all of you, but the spear is too small. There's no way you'd all fit.
Moonlanders: Aw!
Penumbra: But the great hero can so anything. Surely she could do it if she wanted to.
Moonlanders: Ah!
Gibbous: Was it something I did? Was it something you did?
Zenith: Are you embarrassed by our primitive moon ways?
Della: No, I really wish I could take you, but it's just not possible.
Penumbra: I thought nothing could stop the amazing Della Duck. Too bad. A failure. A liar.
Gibbous: She's the worst, How could she?
Della: Or maybe it is possible.
Penumbra: What? No!
Della: Penny's right. I learned rocket science. I rebuilt my ship. Why can't I fit you all in this spear?
Gibbous: I don't know. Why?
Zenith: No honey, she's saying she can.
Gibbous: Oh, really? Oh, thank you.
Moonlanders: (cheering)
Della: You all helped me. This is the least I can do. Pack your bags. We're all going to earth!
Moonlanders: (cheering)
Donald: Ahh!
Scrooge: So you see, Louie. True royalty comes from within.
Louie: Yeah, right, sure. So the real king won't be needing this crown, right?
Donald: (shivering)
Louie: Ew boy, you don't look so good.
Donald: I'm fine. Everything's fine.
Huey, Dewey, and Webby: (Baraging Donald with requests)
Donald: Everything is not fine.
Huey: Uncle Donald?
Penumbra: It's a mas exodus.
Lunaris: Ow, Lieutenant.
Penumbra: She's brainwashed them with lies and magical bracelets. She's going to get them killed.
Lunaris: Slow down. What's happening?
Penumbra: She's taking them all to earth. She's destroying Tranquility.
Lunaris: Our people have to be free to make their own decisions.
Penumbra: She's a liar, she's definitely up to something, and she's never washed a dish.
Della: Who are you talking about? Sorry, I didn't mean to startle you.
Penumbra: Ah, we weren't talking about you, we were talking about another foul beaked beast. You don't know her.
Della: I found this over by the statue. You guys helped me fixed my spear, it's only right that I fix yours.
Lunaris: Thank you, Della. That's too kind.
Della: These are my kids. Their heads aren't really shaped like eggplants. I'm not a good artist. But thanks to you, I'm going to have a chance to be a good mom. I know what it's like to be separated from your people. To be forced to trust someone else to protect them. No one could ever protect your people as well as you, Penny. But as long as they're with me, I'll try with all I've got. I promise.
Donald: Ahh! Oh no, the kids. What now? What's all this?
Huey: Uncle Donald, you work so hard taking care of us.
Dewey: And we don't make it easy.
Louie: Often on purpose.
Scrooge: So we arranged a month-long cruise in the glassy waters of the Caribbean on the S.S. Forty Winks.
Webby: No phones, no adventure, and lots of hammocks.
Donald: Thanks, but I can't leave the boys. Who's going to keep them out of trouble.
Huey: We have an entire family to keep us safe.
Scrooge: Go relax. Plus the cruise is non-refundable, and I will not give charity to layabout cruise companies. You hear, my lad?
Penumbra: Okay, maybe Della's not pure evil, but she's still planning to take my people to that planet of nightmare horrors, tomorrow. Ugh, why can't she just go now?
Spear computer: Launch sequence activated. T-minus 40, 39,
Della: I told you, Penny. I'll wash the dishes tomorrow. (gasp) The spear! What's going on?
Penumbra: I don't know? There must have been a malfunction.
Della: I can't stop it. The emergency launch is irreversible.
Penumbra: Go. Get back to your family.
Della: But what about the others? I can't leave them behind. I promised.
Lunaris: We'll build more. Give me the plans for the ship. We'll build a fleet that will follow you shortly. You've inspired my people, Della. Let me return the favor.
Spear computer: 12, 11, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.
Della: I'm coming boys. Mom is coming home!
Penumbra: (gasp) Sir, what are you doing?
Gibbous: What's going on?
Zenith: The spear. It's gone!
Lunaris: Della betrayed you. She's betrayed us all. She lured us with sad stories and fabulous falsehoods about earth so that we help her rebuild her ship, then when the time was right, she attacked me.
Zenith: But what about her family, and all those stories?
Lunaris: An elaborate deception.
Moonlander: Oh no.
Palus: But why?
Lunaris: Because she was just the first wave of a bigger attack. She lied to us so that she could get back to tell her fellow earthers that we are weak, soft, primed for an invasion. But are we going to hide down here and wait to be invaded?
Moonlanders: No!
Lunaris: Or, are are we going to take these plans that I wrestled away from the traitor as she fled, and use them to build a fleet of ships, and invade them first?
Moonlanders: Yeah!
Lunaris: And prove that the moon is the greatest planet in our universe?
Moonlanders: Yeah!
Lunaris: We are the mighty! We are the moon!
Moonlanders: (cheering)
Penumbra: You wanted this all along. You brought her and her ship here. Got them on her side. Why?
Lunaris: Because the others aren't warriors like you and I. They needed a reason to fight, so I gave them one, betrayal. And I got her to give me these with a little good-old earthly compassion.
Penumbra: But you're risking the lives of our people. Aren't you afraid that-
Lunaris: No! I will not spend my life in fear of the earth like my father. The earth will fear me.
Penumbra: But why did you pair her with me?
Lunaris: Honestly? It was the only way I could get her to move here. She actually liked you, Penumbra. Said you reminded her of her brother.
Donald: Huh? It can't be. Della? Della? Della?! Where are you?
Spear computer: Launch sequence activated.
Donald: Oh, phooey.
Spear computer: T minus 60, 30, 8, 3, 2, 1.
Donald: No! No! Nooo!!!! AAAHHH!!
Della: I'm home.