Episode Info: Transcript: Gallery: Clips: Episode begins with a shot of McDuck Manor. Voice over begins.
Johnny: Welcome to the all new 'Ottoman Empire'! [Johnny appears on a TV screen] I'm Johnny, the brains of the outfit. And also the handsome one, because certain co-hosts think that I'm in the way of him becoming a star. But you know what they say! When the going gets tough... I actually don't know Randy's half of the catchphrase.
Louie is lounging on the couch as Scrooge comes into the room.
Scrooge: Louie! I've got something for ya! There was a printing error on these business cards, so I got them for free! You can just cross out the Scrooge and Mc and fill in with your own name and company, eh?
Louie: First of all, what is a business card? And secondly, I'm kind of over the whole 'Louie Incorporated' thing.
Scrooge: But I thought you were off to patent your.. eh.. what was it? Car bed?
Louie: Oh, the Nap-and-Go? Yeah, had to scrap it.
Scrooge: Did someone else claim the idea first?
Louie: Nope.
Scrooge: Ah, so you found a design flaw you couldn't work around?
Louie: Nope.
Scrooge slumps: Scrooge: [In an annoyed tone] Was there a line at the Patent office?
Louie: Bugh, at least five people deep! I realized it just wasn't worth it.
Scrooge: Iron my own gyles. You're dropping all your hopes and dreams at the first sign of an obstacle!?
Louie: [laughs] Classic Louie.
Scrooge: I will not be third person speechified too! That's it.
Scrooge lifts the couch cushion, dumping Louie onto the neighboring cushion. Louie shrieks.
Scrooge: Lad, it's time I regail you with a rather simple saga.
Scene shifts to a wild west style rock formations: Scrooge: (continuing in voice over) There I was...
Scene shifts back to the TV room.
Louie: Hold up! Is this another old time-y Scrooge story about grit and determination?
Scrooge: Just pay attention. So there I was, in a town called Gumption.
Scene shifts back to the past to see a young Scrooge cresting a hill surrounded by cacti.
Scrooge: (cont.) Mining for a future. Self desperate for a big score.
Scrooge (in the past)
Time to claim my destiny!
Louie: (voice over) Oh boy.
Scrooge walks down towards a town bordered by a river and a train track.
Intro: Pan down from the sky to the town. "The Outlaw Scrooge McDuck!"
Scrooge: (voice over) My travels had brought me to Gumption, a town full of golden promise and promise of gold. I had the good sense that there was an ocean of oreum under this scrubby land waiting to be unearthed.
Scrooge is seen mining with a pickax: Scrooge: (v.o.) Back then I was young gritty, hungry. (Falling dirt puts out Past Scrooge's headlamp, he relights it with a match.) Nothing could stop me. Nothing would get in my way of claiming a McDuck gold nugget.
Past Scrooge grunts as he swings his pick to uncover a gleaming gold nugget.
Past Scrooge: Great globs of gold! (cheers)
Scrooge tucks the nugget in his hat. He lights a piece of dynamite and places it in the rocks. He places his pick in a bucket and climbs a ladder that goes out of the mine. As he nears the top, a rung breaks and Scrooge falls back into the mine as the dynamite blows. Scrooge pushes a fallen beam off to find himself partially buried in rocks.
Past Scrooge: Oh.
Scrooge: (v.o.) My failure caused me to get reckless and now I was utterly trapped. I wasn't sure if I'd survive to see another face.
A shadow appears from above.
Marshall: Howdy, friend! It's me, Sheriff Marshall Cabrera!
Scrooge: Well which is it? Sheriff or Marshall?
Marshall: My name is Marshall, but I happen to be Gumption's town sheriff. Though my friends actually call me Deputy, which was my nickname before I got the promotion. Hard to stick a nickname. Anyways, need some help?
Scrooge: Yes. Could you find me someone who is not you?
(A spoon opens a can of beans.)
Marshall: Haven't seen you at any of Gumption's town hall meetings.
Scrooge: (chewing) Prefer it that way. I work alone.
Marshall: Well, there's a big towner from the big city coming through, promising big things for Gumption! I wanted to let all you prospectors know.
Scrooge: Uh, pardon me. It may be a precaution, but I thought I heard you add an 's' to the very singular prospector. As in Scrooge McDuck, the only prospector in town.
Marshall: Gumption's picking up. We're a two prospector town now.
He points to across the town where a second camp is set up.
Scrooge: Gah! (Cracks his leg back into place.) Horder swaggling horder! I'll turn him inside out!
Scrooge marches out of his camp.
Scrooge: (cont.) What no good claim hopper miscreant would dare steal from Scrooge McDuck!?
Goldie: (behind Scrooge) Hoodeehoo! Scroogie!
Scrooge turns, rolls his eyes, and groans.
Scrooge: Of course.
Louie cuts in and scene returns to present: Louie: Nope, gross. Old people romance, blegh.
Scrooge: (frowning) We weren't old back then.
Louie: It's impossible to picture you young.
Scrooge: Goldie was and remains a pain in my pen feathers. (Louie eye rolls) No romance there.
Louie: So there's no getting mushy, no kissing, no hand holding?
Scrooge: Well...
Scene cuts back to the past where Scrooge and Goldie are 'holding hands' while struggling to push the other back.
Scrooge: You coffee boiling bunkle artist!
Goldie: You hard cased old croaker!
Marshal: Oh good! You two know each other! I want to remind y'all once more that the town hall meeting is tomorrow. Um, farewell? (walks away)
Scrooge: You're encroaching on my payduct!
Goldie: How do you know I didn't find the claim first and you're stealing from me!?
Scrooge's eyes go wide and he backs away from Goldie.
Scrooge: Is that true!?
Goldie: No. I followed you here to steal your gold. But the fact that you didn't think the opposite is hurtful, Scroogie.
Scrooge: Gah! Take a right, Goldie! I've had enough of your babbling bazo.
Scene cuts to present.
Louie: Woah. Can we cut back on the old prospector slang a bit?
Scene returns to Scrooge and Goldie yelling at each other on the edge of town.
Scrooge: Get lost, dude! You're killing my vibe, man!
Louie: (v.o.) Nope, uh-uh! That's worse! Just go on.
Goldie: I'm not going anywhere, ya tightwad!
Scrooge: Then you'll have to race me to the motherload, cause I'm working day and night until I find that gold!
(Goldie throws a pickax, which lands on Scrooge's foot.)
Scrooge: Gah, ow!
Goldie: You'll need that, hun, cause I just bought out all the town's dynamite.
Scrooge: Grr!
The two march towards their respective camps. Scrooge wields his pickax through the night, pausing at a rumble which is being cause by Goldie dropping dynamite into a hole. Scrooge picks himself up off the ground, but the pickax head breaks and falls on his foot.
Scrooge: Oh! Ow! Ugh!
Scrooge kicks the ax head at the wall and it strikes, causing the wall to crack open.
Scrooge: Ah! (smile grows on his face.)
Scrooge straps the broken ax head to his foot and uses it as a second pickax to mine twice as fast. Meanwhile, Goldie is planting more dynamite in her mine. Goldie eventually runs out of dynamite and has to use a pickax of her own. Scrooge's shoe pickax has its tip break off, and he and Goldie make their way to a large chunk of gold that is between their mines.
Scrooge: (striking gold) Ah hah!
Goldie: (striking gold) Ah ha!
The rocks around both of them crumble as the nugget is lifted out of the ground in the middle of town, Scrooge and Goldie still attached. The machine that has dug up the nugget backs up.
Marshall: Hey, you made it! Prospectors, meet John D. Rockerduck, the new owner of Gumption!
Rockerduck: Howdy har! (shakes Goldie's hand) Always a pleasure meeting grubby working class heroes like yourselves!
A camera goes off with a puff of smoke. Rockerduck removes his gloves.
Rockerduck: (to the gloves) I'll burn those later. Sheriff, can you kindly remove these sourdoughs from my precious gold nugget?
Scrooge: (growls)
The nugget is now on the ground, Scrooge and Goldie stand nearby as Rockerduck approaches it.
Rockerduck: You need a name. The Gilded Gift? The Thank You Kindly? (gasps) The Big Rock of Gold? No, the Rockerduck Nugget. I mean, why over think it?
Scrooge: That's the McDuck Nugget! What's the meaning of this thievery: Goldie: Don't mind this rube. So! (Seizes Rockerduck) What the meaning of this pilfering!?
Rockerduck: Thievery? Pilfering? Oh, no, I'm putting the humble plume town of- what is it? Gut punch?
Marshall: Gumption!
Rockerduck: Ah, Gumption, on the map. Make it one of the shining mega-cities of the American West! I've invested heavily in this charming burb with its sand and tumble weeds and weathered sun-burnt faces. (close up of the locals) And all I ask for in return is the right to drill a tiny hole in the center of town.
Rockerduck holds out the town deed.
Scrooge: But I staked a claim on this plot months ago!
Rockerduck: Yes, but if I own the town, I own everything in it and under it.
Goldie: Do you know who you're messing with? That's the Buckaroo of the Badlands, the Maverick of the Montana Cattle Wars, the legendary Scrooge McDuck! (Scrooge approaches) You cross him and get ready for a cross hook across your jaw! Ain't that right?
Scrooge: (stepping in front of Goldie) I'll make the declarations from here. (To Rockerduck) Get you're plundering paws off my cashes.
Goldie: (whispering as she slides past Rockerduck) You going to take that guff from this foolish, mangy, flee-bitten peasant? Put his filth mitts all over your finely pressed suit?
Rockerduck: (laughs) That would cost you, small timer. I studied Queensbury rules. Put up your dukes. Jab, jab. Uppercut. Cross. I'll butter your bean.
Scrooge stares before yanking Rockerduck's hat down over his head, using it to pin Rockerduck's arms, and proceeds to use Rockerduck's head as a punching bag.
Goldie: Sheriff Marshall! A fight's breaking out!
Marshall pulls Scrooge off of Rockerduck.
Marshall: For a starving prospector, you are very strong!
The crowd cheers, and Goldie runs to the controls of the machine. She begins to get away with the gold, when the machine stops dead. A glance back reveals a dog in a suit built like a wall who has stopped the machine with one hand.
Goldie: Ya big galoot! You're not going to stand for this! Uh, do you know who you are...? Ugh, horse feathers, I ran out of people to pit against each other.
The dog's hand covers the camera. The next scene starts with Marshall locking Scrooge and Goldie into a cell.
Scrooge: You're making a big mistake!
Marshall: Sorry, the law's the law.
Scrooge and Goldie both sit on the lower bunk in the cell.
Goldie: I should have never left Dawson. At least the sheriff there had the common decency to be crooked!
Johnny slides through the frame on an ottoman.
Johnny: What a mess, eh? How will they get out of this tight spot? Find out when we come back with more all new 'Ottoman Empire'!
Scene changes back to the present.
Scrooge: I don't remember that part...
Louie is watching 'Ottoman Empire' on the TV. Scrooge clears his throat.
Louie: What? I'm so invested in your story that I wanted to record this to watch later. It's a compliment!
Scrooge turns off the TV with his cane.
Scrooge: Anyway!
Scene fades to the past: Scrooge: Once again, you've gotten in my way of striking it rich!
Goldie: Me!? It's not my fault that you started brawling with Rockerduck!
Scrooge: It was literally your fault!
Goldie: (sighs) And a lot of good it did me! Now we're stuck in here together!
Goldie throws a pillow at Scrooge's face, he growls and glares in return.
Gyro: Enough! (comes out from under the bed sheet of the upper bunk) What's it take to get a quiet jail cell!? (starts working on a device)
Goldie: Who are you?
Gyro: Nobody. Just your common crackpot outlaw, definitely not a brilliant scientist from the future accidentally stuck in the old West. I mean current West. (attempts to use his machine and is electrocuted)
Scrooge: I am going to throttle that rich cad and get my gold back! Nothing will stand in my way! (points to Goldie) Not you! (points to Marshall) Or you! Or that weird fella up there.
Marshall: Best get that business out your head. The man and the gold are on a train leaving town.
Goldie and Scrooge: You let him go!?
Marshall: Oh, he'll be back soon enough to rebuild Gumption as promised. Mr. Rockerduck is good people: Gyro: (sliding across the floor to press against the bars between Scrooge and Goldie) John D. Rockerduck? He was historically infamous for swindling every town he hit. Robbing them of all mineral rights and leaving behind a ghost town.
Marshall: No, no. You've got it wrong. He's gonna put Gumption on the map! Make it a famous city that everybody's heard of! Like Ragged Flats and Crazy Howl and Grind Creak (his grin fades) He's never coming back is he? (The three in the cell shake their heads. Scrooge walks off alone.)
Goldie: What now, Scroogie?
Scrooge: I'm fixing to steal what I rightfully earned. The outlaw Scrooge McDuck has a train to rob. (spits in the spittoon)
Goldie: Maybe don't say that til we're out of jail.
Scrooge: Together we are going to form a notorious posse and bring the McDuck Nugget back to Gumption!
Goldie: And why should we help you?
Scrooge: Because we love gold more than we hate each other.
He sticks out his hand, Goldie shakes it.
Scrooge: First, we need to find a way to bust out of this hoosegow! Some nitric acid perhaps? Or a spoon to slowly saw through the bars...
The door opens.
Marshall: Or I could just let you out.
Goldie: How can we trust this lawman to help with a heist?
Marshall: Ma'am, this tin star here means I'll pursue justice against all crooks, especially swindlers that aim to do harm to my town.
Scrooge: At a lad! (throwing an arm around Marshall's shoulders.)
Marshall: So how are we going to catch up to this train?
Scrooge: Oi! Wacky nameless inventor! Any ideas?
Gyro grins. Scene shifts to Marshall, Goldie, and Scrooge sitting outside the jail. Gyro wheels around something that is floating.
Gyro: (pulling off the sheet) Rocket horses!
The other's exclaim their interest.
Gyro: Good. Glad you liked it, because my backup plan was... problematic.
Camera moves to show rockets strapped to a horse, which blasts off into the sky.
Scrooge: (past Scrooge v.o.) (Scrooge takes the mayor's hat and cane.) Once on board, Goldie and I will pass ourselves as rich mucky-mucks to get access to Rockerduck's exclusive dinning car. (Scrooge steals clothes from a laundry line and Goldie buys a dress from a shop.) Goldie will distract Rockerduck, as I lift the key for the cargo car containing the nugget.
Goldie turns, dressed in a fancy dress and hair up in a bun.
Goldie: There is no way Dirty Dowers Scrooge McDuck could pass off as... wealthy. (She trails off as she notices Scrooge's attire of a suit, cane, and top hat, which he places on his head.) That top hat suits you... (She adjusts it, before yanking it over his forehead.) It covers your bald spot. (Scrooge glares.)
The four outlaws are lined up next to the tracks on their rocket horses.
Marshall: I'm not one for these new-fangled science doohickeys. Prefer a trusty thoroughbred. A horse galloping at a steady thirty miles per hour could out pace these limited rudimentary propulsion engines.
Gyro: You are very familiarly frustrating to me.
Scrooge: Saddle up, outlaws. (Hits the button to start the engine.) Yeehaw!
In the dining car of the train, Rockerduck sits, surrounded by well dressed people.
Rockerduck: I get such a thrill hustling these dirt-water towns. I mean, who drinks dirt water? Ha! Dummies, that's who. (His guests stare at him.) Now laugh. (The car obliges.) Oh, I'm rich.
Rich Person 1
But sir? Do you feel no guilt in breaking your promises? (Everyone stops laughing, except Rockerduck)
Rockerduck: Geez.
Rockerduck's bodyguard cracks his knuckles and Rich Person 1 is thrown off of the train. He rolls past the outlaws.
Rockerduck: Ah, much better. (One of his own feathers falls in his soup.) Wah! Is that a feather in my oyster stew!? (To a waiter) This is a luxury locomotive, not some chicken barn!
Scrooge and Goldie leap onto the train car. They slip into the dinning car where Rockerduck has dumped the soup on the waiter's head.
Rockerduck: Why am I even eating scorching hot food in scorching hot weather? Why was it even on the menu? Cold up this soup! Cold it up!
Scrooge and Goldie take seats at a table.
Scrooge: There's Rockerduck.
Rockerduck: Look what you've done, you've got me worked up!
Scrooge: I'll snag the key from him as you do, well, what you do best. (Goldie blushes) Be annoying diversion. (Goldie glares)
Goldie stands, walks up the piano player, and whispers in his ear. She then takes a lady's scarf.
Goldie: May I have your attention! Follow me for the key change and try to keep up! (Goldie takes a corner to use as her stage and begins to sing) Hey fella, ain't ya looking nice? Fine dresser, ya worth a price. (Rockerduck looks up over the back of his seat in excitement.) A diamond cuff-link pair, you and I. Til the gold gets in my eyes. Yes, gold gets in my eyes. (Goldie tosses her scarf to a passenger.) (To Rockerduck) Oh, hey handsome. All eyes on me, this song's not done. Work faster! Let's have fun! Did someone just shout reprise? Sorry. Gold gets in my eyes! Key change!
Scene changes to Gyro and Marshall with the robot horses forming a stagecoach.
Gyro: Listen up, ludite! Lasso the gold nugget into the nodes here, then pump the velocitaror. Faster. Faster! No, too fast!
The stagecoach explodes, and Gyro is knocked out.
Marshall: No! No! No! This is calamage. Waterloo! The ruin! How am I going to catch the train now!?
Marshall stands to see the train passing by.
Scene shifts to present.
Louie: Hold up a second! How could you possibly know what the sheriff and the inventor were talking about when you were on the train!?
Scrooge: Look who's suddenly invested.
Louie: No! It's just a- just please keep going.
Back to the past.
Marshall: Come on, wake up, wake up! We're missing the train!
Marshall gathers some of the broken pieces frantically, tripping backwards, he gets a piece stuck on his hand like a glove.
Marshall: Blastering blatherskites! Get this contraption off me!
Marshall falls again, and a helmet ends up on his head. He spots a wheel and has an idea.
The train rolls on as Scrooge unlocks the door to the gold.
Scrooge: Eureka!
Rockerduck's bodyguard drops from the ceiling. Scrooge attempts to punch him, but the bodyguard doesn't move an inch. He then attempts to slam his fists down on Scrooge, who dodges. Scrooge is caught and lifted into the air.
Scrooge: Hands off you humongous hooligan!
Goldie: You heard the codger! Hands off!
Goldie blows makeup in the bodyguard's face, causing him to drop Scrooge. Scrooge and Goldie attempt to open the train car door, and are both caught and lifted into the air. The car door is ripped off by Marshall in a Wild West version of the Gizmoduck suit.
Marshall: Stop in the name of the law, woah! (He tosses rope to Scrooge and Goldie)
The train thunders towards a bridge over the river.
Goldie: Hurry! That's Gumption Gulch approaching fast!
Scrooge ties the knot on the gold and tosses it to Marshall, who pulls the nugget out of the train car and onto his back.
Scrooge: Ready to jump?
Scrooge and Goldie prepare to jump, but are lifted into the air by the bodyguard. Scrooge briefly swings at him before getting an idea.
Scrooge: Look here, friend. Rockerduck has no regard for hard working lads like us, born from the grid. Don't you know who you are? A working class hoofer, just like us? Only much, much, much bigger. (digs the first nugget out of his hat and holding it out) You deserve a piece of this too!
Scrooge tucks the gold in the bodyguard's coat pocket and grins nervously.
Scrooge leaps to the gold nugget, and Goldie is tossed onto the gold by the bodyguard. The bodyguard salutes them as Marshall drives on.
In the dinning car, Rockerduck tastes his soup.
Rockerduck: Ah, perfectly tepid. (glances out the window) What!?
Scrooge and Goldie are seen outside Rockerduck's window with the gold. Scrooge raises his hat and Goldie blows a kiss.
Rockerduck: Well, dang.
Goldie and Scrooge: (cheering) Woohoo!
Marshall: Back to Gumption!
The gauge of Marshall's suit points into the red and begins steaming. The suit swerves and Scrooge and Goldie fall off. Marshall climbs out of the suit and it careens on without him.
Scrooge: Wait! The gold!
Scrooge and Goldie chase after the runaway suit and nugget as it plunges into Gumption Gulch and explodes. Scrooge comes to the cliff edge and stares at the gold flecks falling into the river below. He opens his mouth to scream.
Scene shifts to present.
Louie: Nooo!!!
Scene shifts back to the past with gold raining into the river. Scrooge, Goldie, and Marshall return to Gumption. Scrooge and Goldie look frazzled.
Marshall: Well, we didn't get the gold. But at least Rockerduck didn't get it either, right?
Scrooge grunts, walking over to a horse trough.
Scrooge: Heck of a missed opportunity.
Scrooge dunks his head in the water of the horse trough. In the background, Gyro can be seen wheeling an invention involving a bath tub out of a building. Townsfolk run by.
Townsfolk: Oh, there's gold!
Scrooge looks up in confusion.
Goldie: Uh, what is going on?
Townsfolk: Gold! Gold! Get out of my way, I want that gold! Hey slow down! Yipee!
The townsfolk are running to the river with pans and bags. They are seen holding gold nuggets and other float by in the river.
Scrooge: Of course! Gumption Gulch flows right back into town!
Marshall: (grabbing Scrooge and Goldie's shoulders) You helped return the gold back to Gumption! You're not outlaws! You're heroes!
Marshall hugs Scrooge and Goldie. In the background, Gyro is seen adding a final piece to the invention before climbing into the bath tub and disappearing in a flash of light.
Scrooge: Heroes! Yes, much better than gold. (His smile fades and he grit's his teeth) Much better!
Goldie: (laughs) Oh, Scroogie! Why do you suppose that I come all the way out here?
Scrooge: To, uh, get one over on me?
Goldie: Well, that, but also I wanted to see you again. (Tucks a lock of hair behind her ears.)
Scrooge: Uh, um. (blushes) It's.. good to see you too.
Goldie: You and that sweet kisser.
Goldie leans in for a kiss, closing her eyes. Scrooge hesitantly leans in, closing his eyes. Goldie opens her eyes, smirk on her face, and slaps him with a panning tin. The force causes Scrooge to stumble back into the horse trough.
Goldie: Oops!
Goldie races for the river.
Scrooge: (climbing out of the trough) Oh no you don't!
Scene shifts to the exterior of McDuck Manor.
Scrooge: (v.o.) And while Goldie made off with much of the stray gold... (Scene shifts to the TV room, where Scrooge is polishing his glasses.) I did create a profitable panning venture. Until that led to the Great Goldwater battle of Gumption.
Louie: Whoa! Wait! This isn't the end!?
Louie crosses his arms in a huff.
Scrooge: Well no, becoming rich is an endless cycle of obstacles and opportunities.
Louie: Then what's the point!?
Scrooge: Let me rephrase. How do you want to make your fortune? By being a conman like Rockerduck? A shifty operator like Goldie? Or an industrious, resourceful, self-made man like your dear uncle?
Louie taps his fingers together, considering his options. Before he can respond, there is a flash of light and Gyro and his bath tub time machine appear.
Gyro: (gasping) What year is it!?
Scrooge: Wha-? Oh! (A look of understanding crosses Scrooge's confused face)
Scene shifts to Louie's wall, 'Louie HQ' is written on it.
Louie: Hello, Miss O'Gilt? Can I call you Goldie? Absolutely not, great. I'm looking to operate my company more shiftily. (Louie is seen lounging on his bed with a landline phone.) Could you teach me to do what you do? Uh, yeah. It probably would make my uncle very mad.
End episode: