Episode Info: Transcript: Gallery: Clips: A pair of night vision lenses crawls through the darkness: Webby: Hey Guys!(2 seconds later)Guys?(2 seconds later)Guys?(1 second later)Ugh! Come on, where is everybody?
Penumbra: (grunting)
Webby: (gasp)
Penumbra: Ugh! Rotten Earth gravity.
Webby: Hey Penny.
Penumbra: Augh! Oh, Small Della. You shouldn't sneak up on a moon warrior. Do you... want something?
Webby: No, I definitely wouldn't want to hang out with and/or swap battle techniques with a super cool alien war hero living in our back yard. Hup, hah. That's crazy, and you're obviously too busy, right?
Penumbra: Yes, building a ship so my Moonlanders and I can return to our vastly superior Planet Moon.
Webby: Oh, sure. I've got a lot going on too. (in the living room) Oh! There you guys are. What's the plan for today?
Dewey: Ottoman Empire.
Webby: Again? But you seen this episode already.
Louie: I like knowing how it ends. It's comforting.
Webby: Hmm. C'mon, let's get out there. We could catch caterpillars. In their cocoons, they literally melt into butterflies. Nature puns!
Glomgold: (TV commercial) Hi, I'm TV's Glomgold. You may remember me as EARTH'S GREATEST HERO! Ah ha ha ha ha ha! You're probably thinking that handsome lion-heart couldn't possibly give the people of Duckburg any more. WRONG AGAIN! From the visionary mind that brought you the Glom-coaster, behold, the Flint Ferris Glom Wheel! Unveiling tonight at Duckburg pier.
Webby: Hmm, on the one hand it's Glomgold. But on the other hand, GIANT FERRIS WHEEL! What do you think, Dewey?
Dewey: I remember when the Glom-coaster opened. I waited all morning, but I let a kid, Timmy Jenkins, go ahead of me. The track broke, and he was stuck for hours. It was national news on every channel. And as I watched him tell his horrifying story on a dozen different talk shows I thought, THAT SHOULD HAVE BEEN ME UP THERE! Well, not today, Timmy Jenkins! Today is Dewey's dew-saster day.
Webby: Woo hoo! What could go wrong?
Dewey: Hopefully everything!
Opening theme: Della: (gasp) Hey friend!
Penumbra: Hello, best... friend.
Della: Just like old times, except it's you building the rocket in my backyard. Heh heh, need a hand?
Penumbra: Ah yes, thank you Della.
Della: You know, Penny, you don't have to leave. You haven't even experienced any of Earth yet.
Penumbra: Not true. I went out for "Earth" coffee.
Della: Out? Like a date? With who?
Launchpad: So... Do you get Darkwing Duck on the moon, or?
Penumbra: This is terrible.
Della: Launchpad?
Penumbra: More evidence that my focus should be here building this ship. Ungh! not exploring your planet.
Della: Or... maybe... you're just a teeny weeny bit scared of trying new things?
Penumbra: I am not scared of... Ah! an earth joke.
Della: Oh! ah ha ha! Yeah.
Penumbra: Hah! That's very funny because obviously, I fear nothing.
Dewey: Mom!
Penumbra: Ow!
Dewey: Can I go ride a death wheel at the pier so I can be famous?
Della: Sounds awesome. Oh! why don't you take Penny? Maybe teach her a little earth fun, eh?
Webby: Teaching the moon's greatest warrior about earth fun? Yay!
Penumbra: Urgh!
Webby: You're gonna love it. We'll walk the pier, play games, eat hamburgers!
Penumbra: I'm sorry, Small Della, but I can't. I have a very important meeting with my fellow moonlanders to discuss our imminent departure. (at the meeting) What do you mean you want to stay?
Gibbous: Oh Penumbra, Earth is just wonderful.
Zenith: Who would have thought failing to knock the earth out of orbit would be the best thing that ever happened to us.
Penumbra: But what about the moon? What about me... protecting you all from, from giant arachnids and-
Gibbous: Oh that was great, but we're having a real barrel of monkeys here.
Penumbra: A...
Zenith: It's earth speak for fun.
Gibbous: Ah, but it is not all frivolity. I have an important job working for Flintheart Glomgold, the hero of Earth. Why, he told me that he single-handedly saved the planet from Lunaris and his terrible moon scum.
Penumbra: Gibbous, "we're" the moon scum, and I stopped Lunaris.
Gibbous: Ha, Penumbra, I'm so sorry, but I don't think a hero like Flintheart Glomgold would lie, do you?
Penumbra: (breathes in) okay, fine. The rest of my loyal moonlanders and I can go home, then.
Zenith: But Penumbra, everyone else is having a wonderful time too.
Gibbous: Why just the other day at Palus's party, ah- ooh!
Penumbra: Party?
Gibbous: Palus hosted a fantastic earth party with yo-yos and festive springs and other earth stuff. it was, well it was fantastic.
Penumbra: Why did no one tell me of this party?
Zenith: Well... because...
Gibbous: You hate earth fun.
Penumbra: I don't hate earth fun, I just prefer moon, fight, and destroy my enemies.
Gibbous: Oh, look at the time, will you? Uh, that's an earth expression for "I want to leave now." Let's go, good boy.
Zenith: Penumbra, we want nothing more than for you to experience the wonders of earth ways with us, but we understand if you're afraid if you don't want to.
Penumbra: Rargh!
Dewey: Come on Webby, I'm gonna be local news bait- AH!
Penumbra: (panting) I must conquer earth fun.
Webby: YAY!
Glomgold: Why, who is that handsome man?
Gibbous: Why, it's you, sir. (points to picture on desk)
Glomgold: Good answer, martian. You are so much better than my last assistant. With Owlson it was always "no, it's too dangerous, for the last time I'm not your assistant." But you respect the genius of Earth's greatest hero. Don't you, martian?
Gibbous: I'm actually from the moon. Oh, Mars is nice.
Glomgold: And now I'm finally gonna give this town what it really needs. Ah ha ha ha ha ha.
Gibbous: Sir, you are just... just so giving.
Glomgold: I need you to make sure nothing goes wrong tonight. Can I count on you, martian?
Gibbous: Yes, sir!
Webby: Earth fun lesson one, the best way to ride in a limo.
Penumbra: Without my helmet I am completely vulnerable to attacks up here. Why is this fun?
Webby: You're letting your hair blow in the wind. Try shouting like this. WOOOO!!
Penumbra: AAAHHH! Don't even think of attacking my exposed head! (bug flies in Penumbra's mouth) Ach! (hacking)
Dewey: Okay, what do you think of my new look for the news? I'm going for traumatized, but not so traumatized I can't do multiple interviews. Launchpad?
Launchpad: Dewey, can I ask you a best friend question?
Dewey: Uh... sure?
Launchpad: Penumbra and I got coffee, and it was so bad. She and I should never date, but now I don't know how I'm supposed to act around her. Do I ignore her? Is that mean? Am I supposed to be mean? Dewey, am I her arch enemy now?
Dewey: I... don't know. I mean, I mean she's pretty hard to read.
Penumbra: (spits out fly) Bleh! You will not defeat me earth beasts. Attack! Augh!
Launchpad: Do you think she's mad that I'm driving her to this thing? Should I drive slower? (gasp) Should "you" drive?
Dewey: L.P., Why don't you just talk to her?
Launchpad: Yes, thank you, wise Dewey.
Dewey: Launchpad, wait! Not now!
Launchpad: Penumbra, should I drive slower? Or would you rather one of the kids drive? Oh jeez you're right. I should just leave. I'm sorry.
Penumbra: We've lost the pilot.
Webby: (gasp)
Launchpad: Ah L.P., you definitely should have just kept driving the limo.
Webby and Dewey: Ahhh!!
Dewey: Ugh, ugh. This seat belt will be the death of us all.
Webby: Penny, we need to stop the limo.
Penumbra: If this wheeled monstrosity must be slain then I shall slay it.
Webby: No! Use the brakes!
Penumbra: Alright, "limo," Augh! Let's see you best the moon's greatest- Ugh! Dah! Curse this terrible Earth gravity!
Webby jumps to the driver's seat and slams on the brakes. The limo stops just short of falling into the pier and Penumbra falls into a pile of fish.
Webby: Yay, Earth fun, right?
Penumbra: Right, monkey barrels.
Glomgold: Behold!
Gibbous: Oh my craters. It's smiling. Delightful!
Glomgold: I think that will really "blow him away," ha ha.
Builder: What am I supposed to do with all of these extra parts?
Glomgold: Ah, throw them in one of the glam-dolas.
Gibbous: Sir, this truly is a marvel, but are all these parts not necessary for safety?
Glomgold: Safety, right. I guess you better call the safety inspector Ha ha-ha ha-ha.
Gibbous: Yes, yes I shall definitely "call the safety inspector ha ha-ha ha-ha."
Glomgold: Ah, that's why I love you, martian. Oy! Don't take that down! It's supposed to have spikes!
Gibbous: (calls cellphone) Hello, Safety Inspector "Ha ha-ha ha-ha?"
Dewey: We gotta get to the Glom-wheel. I will not be "Timmy Jenkinsed" our of my spot in line and the nation's hearts.
Webby: Dewey, we're here to show Penny a good time, and as your earth fun teacher, I made a list of everything we should try. Oh, like this.
Penumbra: This statue is very poorly constructed. I question the choice to make it out of... flesh?
Webby: Ahem.
Actor: Why, thank you.
Penumbra: Ah! Deceptive flesh robot!
Webby: Alright, alright, okay don't startle the bloodthirsty alien soldier. That's on me. On with the list!
Penumbra, Webby and Dewey partake in the carnival activities. Launchpad catches up, offers Penumbra some popcorn and jumps off the pier. Penumbra stares in confusion as Webby and Dewey feed popcorn to non-anthropomorphic ducks. Webby gets Penumbra to wear roller skates.
Penumbra: I hate this. I hate this. I hate this. I hate this!
Webby: It's okay. Let go. There's nothing to be afraid of.
Penumbra: I couldn't be afraid of stupid- WOAH! (falls off the pier) (gasp)
Launchpad: Oh, Uh, I, I didn't know you were coming out here too.
Penumbra: What earth psychopath decided to put wheels on feet?
Dewey: Man, we tried everything.
Webby: I have one more thing no one can resist.
Dewey: Webby, we all want to help, but wait a second, is that Timmy Jenkins? I gotta get in line.
Penumbra: Oh, well this has been a very enlightening lesson on earth fun, but now I think you should take me back to the hangar.
Webby: Oh, don't give up.
Penumbra: I'm not giving up. I have learned that I was right, and the other moonlanders were wrong, and earth is the worst, and I'm ready to leave.
Webby: I know change is hard, but-
Penumbra: I don't need to change. I am perfect on the mighty Planet Moon. I was the fearless protector of my people for years, and I can't do that here.
Webby: Is that what you're afraid of?
Penumbra: I... fear... nothing! Doh! Ugh!
Webby: Ha ha. Uh, for most of my life, I stayed in the mansion and studied. I was Webby, expert on all things McDuck. But then I left, got out into the world, and the world was big. I didn't really fit in or even know where to start. Sometimes I wished I could go back to the mansion where I knew exactly who I was. But the guys, my family, showed me new and amazing and wonderful things. I'm still mansion Webby, but I'm also world-explorer Webby, and best-friend Webby. You will always be moon Penumbra, and if you give it a chance, I bet you could also be a pretty great earth Penumbra.
Penumbra: What is this?
Webby: It's a hamburger.
Penumbra: This is... actually quite good. Mmm. Mmm. I mean it's no cooked moon scorpion, but could I possibly get another? (after a couple of hamburgers) Hmm, to be honest, small Della, this is a relief. I've been on a hunger strike since I got to Earth.
Webby: If you like that, you'll love this. Just try it. Trust me.
Penumbra: Hmm, it's so creamy, so sweet, I've never had anything like this before. Hmm, hmm, hmm.
Webby: Okay, maybe you should slow down a bit.
Penumbra: Uh-uh, this is great. Maybe Earth isn't so bad- (ringing)
Webby: (gasp)
Penumbra: What's happening? Ah! There's some kind of monster in my head stabbing it with little spears.
Webby: Penny, it's okay. It's just brain freeze.
Penumbra: It's freezing my brain? You knew this would happen?
Webby: Uh...
Penumbra: Augh! Arrgh!
Glomgold: And now, to cut the ribbon opening the Flintferris Glomwheel, Duckberg's own Timmy Jenkins.
Crowd: (cheering)
Dewey: Boo!
Inspector: What is going on here?
Gibbous: Sir, I've summoned Safety Inspector "Ha ha-ha ha-ha."
Glomgold: (gasp) Martian, you weren't actually supposed to get the safety inspector. That's why I used "air quotes."
Gibbous: Oh, I thought that was an earth gesture for funny finger bunnies. Yay, earth fun.
Glomgold: No, no earth fun.
Inspector: Sir, this "ride" is clearly a hazard to public safety. I'll have to take a closer look.
Glomgold: NO! You cannae!
Gibbous: Why, he's the hero of Earth, and he would never-
Penumbra: Augh! I HATE EARTH!
Gibbous: Penumbra?
Glomgold: Her! That moonlander is obviously mad that I defeated the moon. She, uh, sabotaged my ride for revenge. Get her!
Penumbra: Nagh! Urrr!
Guard: You! Moon menace!
Penumbra: Can't fight... in my weakened state.
Webby: C'mon!
Launchpad: Ugh!
Penumbra: How could I've been foolish enough to fall for earth ways just so you could use them to mock me.
Webby: No, I didn't mean for-
Penumbra: This day has proven that the earth has nothing for me. When we escape, I'm going back to the moon... alone.
Inspector: Hey, there's that moon lady!
Webby: Whoop!
Penumbra: Ah!
Dewey: Yulp! Yah ha! First in line. Eat your heart out, Timmy Jenkins.
Webby: Nngh!
Dewey: Hey!
Guard: Hey, get out of that glom-dola. It's not safe.
Glomgold: Quick, start the wheel.
Gibbous: Oh, yes sir.
Dewey: Ahh!
Penumbra: (gasp)
Webby: Aahh!
Glomgold: Citizens of Duckburg, to celebrate the historic day that I, Flintheart Hero-of-Earth Glomgold, gave you the gift of life, I present you with an even better gift.
Crowd: (gasp)
Glomgold: A world without Scrooge McDuck! Behold, the Flint Ferris War Wheel! (laughter)
Inspector: Technically, that shoddy wheel could never withstand the force of a cannon. It'll fall to bits before he can even fire it.
Penumbra: The small Dellas!
Dewey: Ahh!
Crowd: Ahh!
Webby: Ugh!
Dewey: the news is here. Finally. Ha ha! Wait, no!
News: Timmy, over here!
Dewey: Nooooo! Aaaahhh!
Penumbra: I have to get them before this wretched monstrosity falls apart.
Glomgold: Martian, stop her.
Gibbous: Very well, sir, but this has ceased to be fun.
Launchpad: Go! Save them! Ugh, woah-oah oah oah!
Penumbra: Gibbous, I need you to help me have some earth fun.
Gibbous: Oh, absolutely, Penumbra. About time: Glomgold: Martian, what are you doing?
Penumbra: (deep breath) Woah-oah-oah, oof!
Penumbra climbs up the side of the ferris wheel and rips open the glom-dola that the kids are in.
Webby: (gasp) Penny, I'm so sorry. This is all my fault. I shouldn't have pushed you.
Penumbra: Ah ha ha ha, are you kidding? I am having a barrel of monkeys.
Dewey and Webby: Really?
Penumbra: You're much cuter than the moonlanders, and the beasts on the moon were never this big. This is my kind of earth fun. Ha, take that, Palus.
Dewey: Wait, hold me so the cameras can see my terrified face. Aahh!
Glomgold: No! No! Ahh! Curse you, Me-ferris Me-wheel!
Inspector: Safety violation fines, bills for damage to the pier, and a thank-you letter from Timmy Jenkins.
Gibbous: Don't you worry, sir. Your next giant wheel cannon will surely be a success.
Glomgold: Oh sweet Gibbous, I cannae stay mad at you.
Launchpad: I, uh, I'm sorry for the bad date, but you're really cool, and even if you hate me I don't want to have to be your mortal enemy, and-
Penumbra: What? no, we're not enemies. I just do not wish to date an earth... male.
Launchpad: Oh, that's way easier.
Penumbra: But you would be a formidable ally on the battlefield.
Launchpad: Yeah.
Penumbra: I'm fascinated by your earth fighting techniques.
News: So great.
Dewey: No, it's Dewey's disaster day. Dewey's!
Timmy: Better luck next time, Dewey.
Dewey: JENKINS!!!!
Gibbous: Then she saved the children right as the wheel crashed into the bay.
Zenith: That is amazing.
Della: In hindsight, I totally shouldn't have let you kids do that. It could have been a disaster.
Dewey: I wish. Jenkins!(exhales)
Webby: So Penny, does this mean you're going to stay?
Penumbra: At least until you earthers can learn to take care of yourselves which is probably never so-
Launchpad: Hey, Penumbra.
Penumbra: Speaking of which, Launchpad and I are going to tear down my ship. He's surprisingly adept at dismantling aircraft.
Della: That is true- Woah!
Penumbra: I will need your assistance as well, best friend. Come, blue Della.
Zenith: Oh, oh Penumbra, will we see you at Palus's next week?
Penumbra: Sure, it's going to be a monkey barrel.
Gibbous: Oh?
Della: A what?