A mysterious figure in the desert stows away on a ship to Duckburg.
Dock worker: Alright Ralph, tie it up. Looking good. I love you too.
Figure reaches McDuck manor and barges in on Huey brushing his teeth.
Huey: Uh, Uncle Scrooge, Someone is here to see you.
Opening theme: Huey: Uh, so um, Mr. Djinn, could I get you something while you wait? A Pep?
Djinn: I am in no mood for Pep. I seek only the lamp of the first genie. A sacred relic of untold value that the last of my line has sworn to protect for all time. Today on the eve of the Efreet's Dawn, my quest must come to a triumphant conclusion or the consequences may be dire.
Huey: How about a Diet Pep?
Scrooge: I know that lamp is here somewhere. I found it years back. Shoved it among the treasure of Collie Baba.
Beakley: Perhaps if we were told literally anyone about it instead of locking it away.
Scrooge: There's nothing to tell. It is a cheap bauble not worth all the hard adventure it took to get it. Big waste of time. Why would I tell anyone about that?
Louie: Found it. It's gotta be one of these.
Scrooge: It's none of those. The lamp Djinn's looking for is worthless. I inspected it personally. No genie, no mystical properties, no, NO!
Louie: Ah!
Scrooge: That's Ferryman's Flame. It lights the way to the land of the dead.
Louie: Well, how is anybody supposed to know about anything in here?
Scrooge: Because I know. That's all that matters.
Louie: Ugh! Well, what does the right lamp look like?
Scrooge: It's a faded bronze oil lamp with a scalloped pattern on the lid.
Louie: Uh boy.
Scrooge: (off screen) What do you mean yard sale?
Huey: Um, so did you see last week's episode of Ottoman Empire?
Djinn: The Ottoman Empire? You refer to those dread invaders that try to destroy my ancestors for the lamp? They failed miserably.
Webby: I like everything about you.
Scrooge: So, Funny thing about the lamp. You'll love this. It appears I have misplaced it. (gasp)
Djinn: You misplaced the lamp of the first genie? I shall raze this home! Strip it to the rafters brick by brick! And I will not leave! I will not stop! Until I find it!
Louie: Did he say misplaced? Uncle Scrooge meant to say stolen!
Scrooge: Yes, the lamp was stolen by a powerful figure. Oh, profoundly powerful.
Webby: Ooh, like a wicked sorcerer? Or a powerful god like a Sumerian god, or maybe Greek?
Scrooge: Yes, Webby, a Greek god.
Webby: Do you think it's on Ithaquack?
Louie: Yep, sure is. It's way out on Ithaquack, Oh, so Djinn, I guess you must be going.
Djinn: Stolen? Then we must go to this Ithaquack and reclaim the lamp.
Scrooge: Yes, W-we?
Djinn: Scrooge McDuck, finder of the lamp. I swear allegiance to the courage in your veins. United, we have the power to mete justice.
Scrooge: Definitely! Ugh.
Webby: So, I've compiled a list of possible foes. There's Hades, Apollo, and let's not forget Zeus.
Scrooge: Louie accidentally sold the lamp. This fellow will tear apart our home until we find it.
Louie: And if we don't, he might tear us apart.
Scrooge: Webby, we need to keep him busy while you boys track it down. You think you could come up with some phony quest or trials to occupy him while- are you crying?
Webby: (whispers) This is my moment. (normal) A legendary quest by Webby Vanderquack. Get ready for the ultimate adventure, Mr Djinn.
Djinn: Tally not! The lamp awaits.
Webby: (glee)
Scrooge: (To Louie) Find! That! Lamp!
Dewey: And so the boys were left to their own devices on an impossible quest to right the careless wrong. Would it bring them closer, or tear them apart? What? I like Djinn's dramatic flair.
Huey: So you sold off a priceless artifact?
Louie: I didn't sell it, and it was valued at three bucks tops. I put together a little yard sale of junk I found in the garage. Meh, I got bored after twenty minutes. Yep, so I unloaded the yard sale duties.
Dewey: You made Duckworth do all the work?
Louie: It's his job. He lives for it.
Huey: He's a ghost.
Louie: And who am I to deprive him of a chance to feel alive again, Hubert?
Dewey: With tensions high, the boys were left with no choice but to confront the one soul without a soul.
Huey: I haven't seen Duckworth in a week. How are we supposed to find a ghost?
Louie: I have a very simple solution.
Huey: This doesn't feel simple.
Webby: So, you seek the lamp, huh? The gods of old bring all of the noblest heroes to the temple as a final test of their merits before rewarding them with the spoils. Each chamber will be a trial. Every trial harder than the last.
Charybdis: (roaring) Who dare wake me from my infinite slumber? Uh, what poor excuse for a hero believes he has what it takes to contain mighty Charybdis?
Scrooge: Yeah, it-it is us, Scrooge and Djinn. Have at ye, you multi-armed monstrosity. Hyah! Oh oh noooo! Oh, you blasted beast!
Djinn: You've dispatched my most loyal and chivalrous ally. You shall pay!
Charybdis: OW! Hey! I wasn't done with my scene.
Djinn: For the lamp!
Scrooge: Thanks for letting us borrow your temple, Selene. We have to keep this persistent paladin busy.
Selene: Why have a deadly temple if you're not going to use it, right?
Charybdis: Make it stop! Please, this wasn't the scene.
Webby: No improv! Stick to the script!
Louie: So how does this work? Do I just call out to him, or, beh!
Boys: Ah!
Dewey: Un, that's not Duckworth.
Duckworth: Francis, they're with me. (shifts into Demonworth) How dare you interrupt my long overdue vacation!
Louie: Sorry, sorry, sorry. It was Huey's idea.
Huey: What? We need to know who bought the lamp from the garage sale.
Duckworth: (shifts back) I believe I sold to a rakish gentleman. Said the lamp would go perfectly with the Persian rug he'd recently acquired. Unfortunately, he had no money until an errant breeze blew a crisp twenty dollar bill directly into his open wallet. Quite a stroke of luck.
Dewey: Hm.
Louie: (through Scrooge's cellphone) Uncle Gladstone has the lamp.
Scrooge: That serendipitous deadbeat. Call us as soon as you get it.
Charybdis: I give! I give!
Djinn: I thank you, Charybdis, for the journey, and honor your role in the legend of the lamp.
Scrooge: We have to keep stalling. What now?
Webby: We're going to appendix B.
Gladstone: Dewdrop, Greener Pastures, Red Hat, can I offer you some refreshments? Some winning lotto tickets? How about a handful of diamonds I've found in a bag of ice?
Louie: There's no time for that. Where's the lamp?
Gladstone: Buh?
Huey: The ancient oil lamp you bought from our garage sale? We need it to save Uncle Scrooge.
Gladstone: Oh, that thing. No idea.
Louie: Ugh!
Gladstone: I was walking back from your place, cheerfully singing my own praises "Gladstone Gander, Gladstone Gander, Gladstone Gander, I am he." When my melodious musings called the attention of someone who wanted to buy the lamp. He wanted to pay me in, get this, sticky nickels? Ah, no thank you. So instead I opted to trade it with him for my brand new home.
Huey: Wait, who would trade a blimp for an old beat-up lamp?
Gladstone: Some rich kid. Came out of a giant tree house.
Huey: Rich kid?
Dewey: Tree house?
Louie: Sticky nickels?
Boys: Doofus Drake?!
Webby: The impossible riddle of the Minotaur. It can only be answered by the purest of heart.
Minotaur: (Scrooge whispering to Selene) Sh, sh, sh, coming. He's coming.
Djinn: Minotaur. It is I, Djinn. The Efreet's Dawn nears and I seek the lamp that is my birthright. State your riddle.
Minotaur: Djinn, Be thee worthy?
Djinn: Aye.
Minotaur: Are you sure?
Djinn: Are you stalling?
Minotaur: Okay, okay, the Minotaur's riddle: I'm more powerful than the gods, more evil than the demons. The poor have me, the rich need me. If you eat me, you shall die. What am I? Take your time. Heroes tougher than you have been stumped by the Minota-
Djinn: Nothing.
Minotaur: I'm sorry, what?
Djinn: Nothing is more powerful than the gods. Nothing is more evil than the demons. The poor have nothing. The rich need nothing. And if you eat nothing, you shall perish. Now let me pass.
Scrooge: That is correct.
Minotaur: Next question.
Djinn: But I've answered your riddle.
Minotaur: Well, it's really more of a quiz. So a train leaves Duckberg traveling at sixty miles per hour.
Dewey: As they march to their next trial, a cold chill tickled their spines. The mad boy king of Duckberg could spell their doom.
Louie: Not helping, Dewey. Some cheap piece of brass isn't worth all this trouble. Maybe we get Djinn a replacement lamp?
Huey: Djinn monologued about this lamp and the Efreet's Dawn for ten minutes without blinking.
Louie: Hmm. (bolts and gets dragged by Huey and Dewey)
Huey: Scrooge and Webby are counting on us.
Louie: Scrooge and Webby can take care of themselves.
Djinn: To see time fly? Now, if there are no further riddles.
Selene: That's the end of the joke book.
Scrooge: Um.
Minotaur: Got your nose.
Djinn: Monster! Is it not enough to steal the lamp, but now you claim my nose as well?!
Minotaur: You may pass. You may pass. You may pass.
Djinn: I thank you, Minotaur, for the journey, and honor your role in the legend of the lamp.
Scrooge: Come on, come on! What's taking them so long?
The boys watch Doofus play a theremin while his parents/staff dance.
Huey: Um.
Doofus: I call that "Fun time, Son time." Anyway, you were saying?
Huey: We weren't.
Dewey: You've been playing the theremin for an hour.
Louie: Ha ha, hey buddy, yeah. Do you remember purchasing an old lamp recently?
Doofus: Hm, lamp, lamp, lamp, lamp, lamp, lamp, lamp, lamp, lamp, lamp, lamp, lamp, lamp, lamp, lamp, lamp, lamp, lamp. Oh you mean my syrup boat.
Louie: Yeah, okay, sure man, whatever, ha ha.
Doofus: I needed it for my one-man flapjack jamboree. It was the perfect syrup boat until it ran out. So I disposed of it.
Louie: Agh!
Dewey: It's in your trash?
Huey: Why not just refill it?
Doofus: Oh, I no longer need a boat. (whistles)
Doofus's dad/butler: May I wash my hands now?
Doofus: No!
Louie: The trash cans! The lamp!
Huey: ...Is somewhere on that truck?
Dewey: Cruel irony. One man's treasure is another man's trash, and (oof).
Webby: What do we do, Uncle Scrooge?
Selene: I can't stall that door much longer.
Scrooge: If there's no lamp that marauder will have our hides for using a pointless to distract him from his pointless quest. Yes? Jumping jalopidous junk heaps!
Selene: (panting)
Djinn: I have proven myself. Where is it?
Selene: (panting) You made it, but, uh, before you completed the Minotaur's quiz, the nefarious, wrote it down here, ah! Ma Beagle stole the lamp and returned to Duckberg. Yeah, that's why I'm breathing heavy. I just fought her. Yeah.
Djinn: Then we must return to Duckberg!
Scrooge, Selene, and Webby: Whew!
At the Beagle Boys junkyard late at night.
Scrooge: This place is crawling with crooks. Let's wait for some to leave, grab that trinket, and we never speak of this ever again.
Djinn: There is no time. The Effreet's Dawn nears. If by daybreak, the lamp is in the wrong hands, the consequences would be devastating.
Kids: What? Since when? Really?
Scrooge: But I examined it. The lamp had no powers.
Djinn: Did you examine it on the Efreet's Dawn?
Scrooge: Well, no but.
Huey: We need to find a way to sneak in without tipping them off, and then.
Djinn: Treacherous Beagles!
Beagle Boys: Grr.
Djinn: Hand over the lamp!
Ma Beagle: What is this garbage distracting me from my garbage?
Djinn: I am Faris Djinn. Seeker of the lamp. You knew the lamp's worth when you stole it from the Temple of Heroes.
Ma Beagle: I didn't steal no lamp.
Djinn: The ancient token of my father's. The lamp of the first genie.
Ma Beagle: Genie lamp? Dibs! Take him out!
Big Time: You got it, ma!
Beagle Boys: Heh heh heh.
Ma Beagle: If it's in my junk yard, someone threw it away, and that means it belongs to me. (laughs)
Djinn: Threw it away? Who would have? And what of our quest, and has this all been an charade, a false quest to hide the fact that you cast aside the lamp as garbage?
Louie: I'm sorry. we didn't know the lamp was a big deal. Uncle Scrooge tells us nothing.
Djinn: For the lamp!
Scrooge: Ugh.
Webby: This is so much realer than my fake adventure.
Scrooge: Come on, lads.
Ma Beagle: Keep them busy. I'm gonna get me some genie wishes.
Beagle Boys: Heh heh heh.
Scrooge: Djinn, I'm sorry I tricked you. If I'd known what was at stake.
Djinn: Another chapter in the legend. A final trial before we find the lamp. It's all part of the journey.
Louie: Aahh!
Beagle Boys: Oooh!
Louie: Aahh! Aahh!
Louie and Huey: Aahhh!
Beagle Boys: Ha ha ha ha.
Scrooge: Ehugh, it could be anywhere.
Huey: Uncle Scrooge, the lamp!
Scrooge: There!
Djinn: The lamp.
Scrooge: C'mon!
Djinn: Go get the lamp before the Efreet's Dawn.
Scrooge: Oh, no you don't!
Ma Beagle: It's mine! Got it! First wish, better kids.
Beagle Boys: Why are you so mean, Mamma?
Ma Beagle: What gives? Wheres the magic? The genie? The wishes?
Djinn: Ha ha ha. Is that what you thought, an actual living genie inside the lamp? You took that literally?
Scrooge: You said it would be devastating in the wrong hands.
Djinn: Yes, devastating to me personally. It's a precious family heirloom.
Huey: And the Efreet's Dawn?
Djinn: It's my birthday, and I can think of no finer gift.
Louie: So, why did we do any of this?
Djinn: The story of the lamp goes back centuries. Back in olden times, my great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great grandmother discovered the lamp at a bazaar. After accidentally rubbing it, a genie did in fact emerge. Instead of asking for wishes, my grandmother befriended this lively impish fellow, and they fell in love. When it came time to wish, my grandmother made just one, to free her love. Though he no longer had any magic, he granted her every wish as her devoted husband. Much like this lamp, the true magic was in their journey. And after centuries of searching, my family has finally reclaimed the totem that started it all.
Ma Beagle: Enough. Time to trash this piece of junk. Hey!
Djinn: Anyone else wish to test me on my birthday?
Beagle Boys: Uh uh, happy birthday dude!
Dewey: A triumph for the family and their new ally. Having found both the lamp and the greatest treasure of all, a cool story to tell.
Louie: Booooo!
Webby: Aw!
Scrooge: So Djinn, what will you do now?
Djinn: Find a new quest, and let this lamp be the start of a whole new legend to share with my descendants. A treasure's greatest value lies in the stories they can tell us. (blows horn)
Scrooge: Stories, eh? Welcome to the tax-deductible adventurers wing of the Duckberg Museum. It was time for a little spring cleaning, and time to share these tales with you all and everyone.
Webby: What's special about this?
Scrooge: That's the famed candy-striped ruby. a gift from the king of Rippintaro Island. This was long ago. I was an ambitious young lad.