Opens on the Moon, Lunaris is giving a speech to a crowd of moon citizens.
Lunaris: Mighty Moon Lander, you who were betrayed by our so-called "friend" Della Duck from the foul and pathetic Earth.
Crowd boos the Earth.
Lunaris: Now we have captured a cunning Earth spy who has confirmed our greatest fears: the Earthers plan to invade! (Crowd gasps) Behold, the most dangerous threat we've ever faced: (Penumbra drags a bound Donald up the stage.) the brother of the traitor Della Duck!
Donald: Della!? Where!? Hey, what's the big idea!?
Random Moon citizen: What did he say?
Lunaris: He said- "Death to the Moon!' (crowd gasps) This my fellow warriors is why we must strike first (Picks up Donald and puts a mouth clamp on him.) For we are the mighty! We are the Moon!
Crowd: We are the Moon! We are the Moon!
Lunaris drops Donald.
Lunaris: Please, this victory belongs to the champion of the Moon, Lieutenant Penumbra. She discovered the Earthers plan to invade us which is why I am promoting her to captain. (applause)
Penumbra: But sir, that's a lie!
Lunaris: They don't know that, listen.
Crowd: Penumbra! Penumbra!
Lunaris: You're a hero again. Isn't that what you wanted?
Penumbra nods, but her smile fades as she looks away.
Opening theme: Scrooge is in his office building a model: .
Dewey: I've uncovered a conspiracy! Photographic evidence proves that there is a fourth triplet, a quad-triplet, if you will. We must find Phooey Duck! By the way, I named him Phooey.
Scrooge: Uh, that fourth egg is a mustard stain.
Dewey: But who was eating a sandwich while looking at a photo album? (gasp) Phooey strikes again.
Webby: Who's ready for the greatest family secret of all time? I was going through the family tree when I realized the branches correspond to geographical points of a map. This could lead to the Silver Sporran of Clan McDuck.
Scrooge: Found it years ago, thank you.
Dewey: Hold on, I can pull a mystery out of this. Mustard stain, mustard is in the fridge. Family tree, what grows on trees? Peppers, I assume. (Scrooge shakes his head no.) But Beakley hasn't bought peppers in years.
Webby: (gasp) Ghost peppers!
Dewey: It's all connected!
Webby: Let's go!
Scrooge: Hang on! An adventure has to "call" to you. You cannot just go around making up mysteries.
Webby: We spent so much time on the mystery of the Spear of Selene. Now that Della's back, we're hungry for a new epicly complex, multi-part family mystery to solve.
Huey: Huh, my postcard to Uncle Donald was returned. That's weird.
Dewey and Webby: (gasp)
Dewey: You hear that, Webby?
Webby: It's the call to adventure.
Scrooge: Ugh.
Donald gets thrown into a cell and is trying to escape. He first tries the bars and then discovers the walls are brittle.
Lunaris: Our fleet of ships are proceeding according to plan. As predicted, the people's spirits have been raised by the capture of the traitor Della's brother. The soldiers are training twice as hard for our invasion.
Penumbra: Permission to speak freely, sir. Do you really think our people are ready for war? They've never seen combat. We know next to nothing about Earth apart from Della's dumb stories.
Lunaris: Believe in the superior might of the moon, Captain. We are the mighty.
Penumbra: We are the Moon.
Donald: (humming nonchalantly)
Lunaris: If this prison cell is so comfortable, perhaps time in the gold mines will break your devil-may-care spirit. Captain Penumbra, take care of it.
Lunaris leaves while Penumbra opens the cell. Donald tries to escape.
Penumbra: Stop! I'm Della's, ugh, friend. It was really more of an unlikely roommate situation. The point is neither of us wants this invasion. Your stupid family built the rocket. If I give you access to the blueprints, can you find a weakness and destroy our ships? (Donald shakes his head no.) I'll take that neck spasm as an earth yes. Let's go.
Huey: Um, hello?
Dewey: Well, well, well. Look what the cat dragged in.
Huey: You asked me to come here?
Webby: We know what we asked.
Huey: Oh, I see, you guys are doing good cop/bad cop.
Webby: We're both the bad cop.
Dewey: I prefer to be called "Dew-tective."
Webby: Hey, bub. This look familiar?
Huey: That's the postcard I sent Uncle Donald. It was returned.
Dewey: Uncle Donald loves sending cheesy vacation postcards. It's the only reason he goes anywhere. Not only haven't we received any cards from him on his vacation, but now the ones we sent him are returned.
Webby: Almost as if he's gone missing!
Huey: Why are you yelling at me?
Dewey: Chin up, kid. We'll find out what happened to the postcard, and your uncle.
Huey: He's your uncle too. He's on a cruise. It's hard to get mail to a boat. Mystery solved.
Webby: We'll be the judge of that.
Dewey: We're on the case.
Huey: What case?
Penumbra: Lunaris keeps the ship's blueprints under guard in his private hangar. We'll have to make sure we're not caught by-
Zenith: Captain Penumbra?
Gibbous: Uh Captain, why is our most dangerous prisoner out of his cell without handcuffs?
Zenith: Honey, remember you have to unclip the holster, and I'm sure the captain has a good reason.
Penumbra: Yes, I'm punching him. What better way to train to fight Earthers than to spar with one, huh?
Donald: Uugh...
Penumbra: Now, you try.
Zenith: Hngh. He's quite soft, almost pleasurable to hit.
Gibbous: I no longer fear him.
Zenith: Inflicting pain is fun.
Penumbra: Ha ha, (quietly to Donald) sorry.
Donald: Ow.
Zenith: Hold captain. The base's perimeter has been breached.
Gibbous: Ooh! it may be another spy. This is your moment, Gibbous.
Penumbra: Sigh: Donald: Ugh.
Penumbra: Take the tunnels, avoid the soldiers barracks, and find the hangar. I'll meet you there.
Dewey: To find out where the return postcard has been, we must get inside the head of the postcard.
Webby: You mean like the head of the guy on the stamp?
Dewey: Huh, my dear Webbigail, don't be naive. We're going to ship ourselves to the address the postcard was sent to, find out what went wrong there, find Uncle Donald, and solve the most epic mystery since the Spear of Selene. Woo hoo!
Webby: (gasp) (quietly) Shh, shh, she's right there.
Dewey: (quietly) She doesn't suspect a thing.
Dewey and Webby: (giggling)
Webby: Did you forget to tape the bottom of the box?
Dewey: Yet another mystery we must solve, but first, (to the mail lady) what did you do to Donald Duck?
Mail Lady: Um, nothing. Wait, wait. Donald Duck lives here? He never forwarded his address from the pier. I got a ton of his mail.
Dewey: Gasp. possible clues. Bill, bill, another bill. Man, being an adult is not fun.
Webby: These are all from the same address. (gasp) How mysterious.
Dewey: Not for long. (opens and reads letter) "Your life is a non-stop deluge of pain. If you want it to stop, pay up. Dash, Jones"
Webby: Is your Uncle Donald being blackmailed?
Dewey: He's not missing, he's on the run. He gotta save him before he's stuck in a tight spot he can't get out of.
Donald is trying to get out of a tight spot in the ducts.
Intercom: Attention all guards. The perimeter breach was not an earth spy. Merely a random beast trapped in the vents. Thank you for your diligence.
Critter: Hiss: Donald: What? (Donald ends up in the middle of the sleeping barracks.)
Webby: This should be 9 Elm Street not 93 Elm Street. (the house number 3 scatters away) Ooh, seedy.
Dewey: Ah! Uncle Donald must be hiding from this Jones guy that lives here. (Dewey and Webby hide from Jones who opens the door.) Here's the plan. I'll use my spy skills to find more info on Uncle Donald while you distract Jones at the front door pretending to be...
Webby: ...Alexa Pretzelkov. A volunteer collecting signatures to stop a greedy developer from shutting down the summer camp while also looking for the missing half of this locket.
Dewey: Ah. I already stole Huey's Junior Woodchuck outfit. Maybe this time, you could pretend to sell cookies?
Webby: Fine, but if that summer camp shuts down, it's on you.
Dewey: (singing) Dew.. Dew Dewey Dewey no wait wait. Don't want to blow my cover. not not Dewey Dewey definitely not Dewey Dew...
Webby: (knocks on door) Hi, I'm a humble Junior Woodchuck selling cookies to stop a greedy developer from ruining everyone's summer. It's the only thing that can distract me from my quest for the other half of this locket.
Dewey: (gasp)
Donald tries to keep the barracks asleep as the critter wakes up the sleepers one by one. The critter ends up behind Donald's head, making him wake everyone up simultaneously.
Donald: Aw phooey.
The critter crawls in Donald clothes. Donald struggles to get it out and unintentionally knocks out the entire barracks.
Donald: What's going on? oh no!
Penumbra: What are you doing in- here? Hmm, perhaps you're not so puny after all. Come on!
Penumbra grabs Donald.
Penumbra: This is Lunaris's private hangar. The Spear blueprints are around here somewhere. Help me look for them, but don't touch anything. Lunaris will know.
Donald: Huh? Dah. Ow!
Penumbra: (gasp) Great job, dummy. Now he'll know we found his secret war room. Wait! Secret war room?
Donald: Huh?
Penumbra: He's been planning this since before Della got here. He's already identified anyone who could threaten his invasion.
Donald: Hah, hah, what?
Donald presses a button with his elbow. The cannon in the room aims toward an opening window to earth as it gets loaded by a giant bullet-like shuttle.
Intercom: Danger! Danger! Danger!
Penumbra: What is that thing?
A video shows Lunaris and his multiple attempts to launch a shuttle to the earth.
Penumbra: No living thing could survive that. This must be why he needed Della's Spear. Now that he has the plans, he can start the invasion as soon as his fleet's finished.
Dewey: Ah! Never sneak up on a kid detective-slash-spy like that. I could have injured-slash-killed you. Yeah I, I know. Where's Jones?
Webby: I got him searching his drawers for half of a missing locket. Yeah, my backstory was that good. Whoa, this file has dates, locations, and names of every bad thing that's ever happened to Donald.
Dewey: Every setback and problem in Uncle Donald's life. Has Jones caused it all?
Jones: Uncle Donald? You're part of this too. And I know just who to call to take care of this.
Penumbra: We have to stop Lunaris. This invasion is worse than I feared.
Roxanne Featherly: In recent years, Duckberg has been menaced by its share of dark forces...
Penumbra: A transmission from earth? Get to the highest point. There. once you have a signal, use the transmitter to warn your- ARGH! ugh.
Donald: Huh? Uh?
Lunaris: I believe the words you're looking for are "Aw phooey." You won't be sending any warning. Oh, and Captain Penumbra's little rebellion is over before it began, thanks to this. A pity, but great victory comes with sacrifice.
Donald: Hah, uh!
Lunaris: A few brave soldiers get hurt, but it's worth it for the glory of the Planet Moon.
Donald: The moon is not a-
Lunaris: IT IS A PLANET! More of a planet than your earth will be once I'm done with it!
Donald notices the displays of his family.
Lunaris: Heh heh heh, admiring my handiwork, Donald Duck? You see, most foes would target Scrooge McDuck. They don't realize the key to victory is to take the children out first to break your spirits. Say goodbye to your precious Hubert, Dewford, and Llewellyn.
Donald: Grr....
Dewey and Webby: Nghh. Hah!
Webby: Who is Jones working for? The Beagle Boys? F.O.W.L.? (gasp) Oh, I bet it's those greedy land developers trying to ruin everyone's summer!
Dewey: (gasp)
Webby: (gasp) Uncle Scrooge? You're in on it too?
Dewey: Give Alexa back her locket, old man!
Scrooge: Old man? Now you owe Mr. Jones and me an apology.
Dewey: Not until Jones explains why he's been blackmailing Uncle Donald and ruining his life.
Scrooge: Jones isn't Donald's enemy. He's Donald's anger management counselor.
Jones: Each of these dates corresponds to a hard time in Donald's life. To cope, he came here to vent his frustration.
Webby: But what about this threatening letter? "Donald, your life is a nonstop deluge of pain. If you want it to stop, pay up. -Jones?"
Jones: It's attached to a bill. Anger management's not free!
Dewey: No, if Uncle Donald was seeing you then why is he still the angriest guy we know?
Webby: Yeah, what have you done to help?
Jones: I found the source of his anger. Donald's anger issues stem from a fear that the world is out to get him. and that no one understands him quite literally. His tendency to lash out was wildly unfocused, until you kids came along. He came to me wanting to be the best parent he could. So he channeled that anger into protective instincts. Every outburst is Donald wanting to protect his family. He loves you so much, the thought of anything bad happening to you infuriates him.
Donald goes full rage against Lunaris. Lunaris is overwhelmed at first but then counters. Donald instead runs past Lunaris with the radio.
Donald: (into the radio) Scrooge! Kids! The invasion! It's in a month! I'm coming home soon! Ow!
Lunaris breaks the radio, and Donald slides into the cockpit and starts the shuttle.
Intercom: Sir, should we give chase?
Lunaris: No, no living thing could survive that.
Donald: (nearly gets overwhelmed by the heat and g-forces due to reentry.) The kids!
Penumbra: There goes the bravest man on two worlds.
Scrooge: If you want someone to pay Donald's bills, you can speak to that invoice-avoiding ingrate yourself.
Webby: You were right, Uncle Scrooge. We shouldn't have gone looking for a mystery where there wasn't one.
Dewey: But we did find one, dear Webby. The mystery of why Donald Duck is mad at the world: because he loves us.
Webby: But we still don't know why Huey's postcard to Donald was returned in the first place.
Donald: Scrooge! Kids! (message garbled by static) It's in a month. I'm coming home soon!
Scrooge: (failing to understand) This reception's terrible. Sounds like he's coming home in a month. He seems to be having a great time.
Donald: (Donald’s voice is heard) AHHH!!!