The episode opens in space with a shot of Earth. The camera brings us to the Spear of Selene flying to a severe cosmic storm dodging lightning bolts. Della is in the cockpit.
Della Duck: Mayday! Mayday! Does anybody read me?!
Static is heard and Della hits at her panel.
Scrooge McDuck: Stupid, no good! [appears on Della's screen] Della!
Della Duck: Uncle Scrooge!
Scrooge McDuck: Turn back! It's too dangerous! The Cosmic Storm's comin' at ya! Della!
Scrooge's end goes static again. Della flies the Spear of Selene through the storm anyway, but before she can make it to the other side though, a bolt shocks the rocket, shorting out the rocket and sending it spiraling down to the Moon. Della strains trying to maintain control, but fails as the rocket skids across the Moon. Della is flung from the cockpit and glass breaks. The screen brings us one day after the horrific crash. Della slowly opens her eyes and widens them at her broken helmet.
Della Duck: Oh, no! Oh, no no no! No no no NO!
Della looks at the Earth as the Cosmic Storm has just passed, then coughs and struggles to breath. She looks around from her POV and spots a box of Oxy-Chew gum.
Della Duck: Yes! Oxy-chew!
Della reaches for the Oxy-chew pack with some difficulty and grabs it. She removes her helmet and takes a piece of the gum, chewing down on it. Suddenly, Della cringes and regains her oxygen before looking at the pack.
Della Duck: Ugh! Black licorice?! [she's disgusted by the flavour]
Della tries to lift the broken piece off her left leg unsuccessfully. The broken booster is close to dropping onto her. Then, Della's copy of the photo of herself, Scrooge, Donald and the eggs lands near her. She examines the picture and takes another look at Earth. With the booster about to crash down on her, Della is horrified and tries kicking the broken equipment off; Still no effect. She then gives an angry look.
Della Duck: Aw phooey.
We flash two months after the horrific accident. Della walks into view glancing at the Earth. Her left leg replaced with a metal one, her shorts are ragged, and her jacket's right sleeve is gone leaving bandages. She is also chewing on her gum.
Della Duck: I'm coming, boys.
After a static, we next get a shot of Della from a brightly lit section of the rocket from the camera POV as she has turned it on.
Della Duck: [raises her right arm] Yes! Ha ha! It works! [spins on her chair and swings her left arm] Whoo, take that, science! Okay, hey, Uncle Scrooge, or Donald, or literally anybody who can hear me; This is Della Duck!
Suddenly the lights blackout and Della looks around eyes shown. She then restores the lights.
Della Duck: Meh! Right, so here's what's up: The freak cosmic storm knocked out most of my systems. But because i am an amazing pilot, I landed the ship safely. For the most part. [Sets her metal leg on the panel] Eh? EH?! [wiggles the outer part of her metal foot] Pretty cool robot leg! I'm still working on it. Maybe add some jets or a can opener? Anyway, [Sets her metal leg back on the ground] I've been able to survive in the thin lunar atmosphere thanks to [Chews some of her gum] Gyro's Oxy-Chew. It provides oxygen, water, and nutrition, and tastes terrible. Black licorice: worst flavor ever. It's fine. I'm sure the flavor will wear off soon. I activated my distress beacon, so if you're getting these transmissions, you'll be able to pinpoint my location, and come get me. (sigh) I've made efforts to get off this rock myself.
cut to Della singing the Ducktales Moon Theme and trying to jump to the Earth.
Della: It did not go great. In the meantime, I've put together a pretty boss shelter. She's got a nice comfy bed, a calendar marking the days I've been here, and the uh, family room. Bet the boys have hatched by now. I'm not even sure what they look like. Oh, hold on. Here we go. That's better. Donald, if you're there, put the screen up to the crib. Hey kids, I'm your mom. I know I'm on a little trip for now but I'll keep sending these transmissions. You'll barely know I'm gone. I promise I'm coming home, somehow. Nothing can stop Della Duck. Oh man, we're going to go on so many amazing adventures when I get back. In fact, there's this old song about adventure that I used to sing to. (suddendly, a roar is heard and a moonmite grabs Della) AAHHH! What are you?! Its face has tentacles!
Della: (panting) Good news, I'm not alone. (briefly removes her prostetic leg) Bad news, there's a horrifying bug monster out there trying to eat me. Important life lesson on bug monsters, kids. You're gonna be worried about the pincers, but remember their spit is corrosive too. Add to day 192. The gum has not yet lost its flavor. (sigh)
Nine months after crash: Della: (Della now has longer hair) So, it's been a few months. I haven't heard back from anyone. I need to find some other way to call for help. Luckily, I found this in the wreckage: my old Junior Woodchuck Guidebook. How to survive a shipwreck. Create a signal for passing ships. Rocket ships.
Della creates a giant message from the wreckage.
Della: There. Hey Scrooge. It's me, Della. I'm alive on the moon. Send help and snacks. This gum is the worst. Sincerely, Della. Perfect. (gasp) (the moonmite is destroying the S.O.S.) Oh no! (gasp) Well, that was unnecessary. (sigh)
Della: Not enough scraps for a full S.O.S. Need something that will get Scrooge's attention. (makes a dollar sign) Nailed it!
One year after crash: Della: (singing) Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to my boys, happy birthday to you, woo. (talking, then blows on the candle, but it doesn't turn off. She flips the candle, ruining the cake) I'm sorry I can't be there for your first birthday, but I am trying. Do not mess with me, today, moonmite. (gasp, seeing a ship coming for her) Forget cake. Guess what you're getting for your birthday? Your mom! Hey, get away from there! Let's make a deal. You leave my S.O.S. alone for like ten seconds, and once I'm off this stupid rock you can eat my whole dang ship, Eh? Eh? Let! It! Go! (gasp)
Astronaut: This is Space Eagle to McDuck HQ. Looks like some kind of meteor strike on the surface. There are no visible signs of life.
Della: Augh, Oof. No! Wait! Come back! (sigh) Okay, new plan.
Della: Plan C. I'm going to rebuild the Spear of Selene. I mean how hard could it be? It's just rocket science. Oh boy. Focus, Della. Like Donald always says, do things by the book. (reads Gyro insulting her and destroys the ship manual in a temper tantrum) Good thing Donald's not here.
Della tries to repair the ship, fails and ends up reassembling the torn manual and reads it. Six years after crash.
Della: Okay, it took a while, but I finally did it. I rebuilt the Spear of Selene! Best mother ever! Alright, I'm just got to start this baby up, and I'm on my way home!
Della: (yells angrily after the ship doesn't launch, then checks the Junior Woodchuck Guidebook) Come on! Starting the engine. Turn key. Yeah, no duh, book! (reads another step on the book and gets mad again, almost crushing it)
Della: Wasn't enough that Gyro created the most disgusting flavor of gum that somehow gets more flavorful as you chew it, but then he had to use his stupid gold tech to make the engine run! HOW AM I GONNA FIND STINKING GOLD ON THE STINKING MOON?! (throws away some stuff off-screen in a tantrum) Okay, I spent twenty years with the best treasure hunter in the world. (leaves the ship to go find some gold) If there's gold on this rock, I'm gonna find it.
Ten years after crash: Della: (annoyed by the situation) Whelp! There's no gold on the moon. (imitates Scrooge) "Tear me tartan, I'm the richest duck in the world, but I couldn't possibly spare any backup gold even though the engine runs on it." Life lesson kids, adventuring is tough. You know, sometimes there's a cursed idol that turns into a demon, or sometimes you crash land on the moon, and try to stay alive, but a moon mite messes everything up, keeping you here while your kids grow up with their uncle... (she's trying to screw her prostethic leg, but the screwdriver comes off) But you still got your health, a cool robot leg, and gum that mocks you with every chew! (bites hard) OW! (she puts a hand inside her beak, revealing a goldent tooth. A gold filling. Ah ha hah! I have gold in my mouth this whole time! I had gold in my mouth this whole time?! That's why Scrooge made me go to the dentist as a kid, it wasn't about hygiene at all. I've got backup gold! Nothing can stop me now!
Mite returns and chews on the ship.
Della: (gasp) No, no, no, no, no! Not this time!
Della fights the mite and is saved by a moon centurion.
Penumbra: Halt in the name of the Moon.
Della: Wait, what? Who? What? Oh, no you don't!
Penumbra: Don't ignore me when I threaten your life. Respect my dominance. Who are you, and how did you get here?
Della: Hi, I'm Della Duck. I have like thirteen million questions, but right now, I have to get my ship and get back to Earth.
Lunaris: Stand down, Lieutenant Penumbra. Greetings earther, I am General Lunaris of the Planet Moon.
Della: What? The moon's not a planet.
Penumbra: You will treat the vastly superior Moon with respect, or you will suffer the ultimate consequence.
Della: Look, I'll suffer whatever consequences you want after I find the mite.
Penumbra: Ah, the courageous warriors of the Planet Moon have been hunting the beast for more than three cycles, so how exactly is a pathetic, earth-dwelling dummy going find it?
Della: Hey, i found the mite.
Lunaris: Open fire, Lieutenant Penumbra.
Penumbra: Quick, feed the earther to the beast. While it's crushing her weak bones, we kill it.
Della: Listen, we both know how this goes. First, we hate each other, then go on a life changing adventure. Then, best friends. So can we move this along, Penny?
Penumbra: My name is Lieutenant Penumbra!
Della: (sees the Spear of Selene destroyed and has a temper tantrum, running torwards the moonmite to attack it)
Lunaris: Stop firing Lieutenant, you'll hit Della.
Della: You won't stop me from getting home to my kids, you creepy crawly. I will not fail them again. (she screams in anger, then stops when she hears a baby moonmite crying)
Della: Wait, the mite isn't a monster. It's a mother.
Penumbra: Who cares?
Della: The mite isn't our enemy, it's just trying to survive.
Lunaris: She put herself in danger, faced unknown threats, scoured this entire planet for any scrap of metal.
Della: Because a mother would do anything for the sake of her kids.
Della: Let me try something. I used to sing this old song to my boys before they hatched.
Della: (sings to the baby moon mite which stops crying)
Look to the stars, my darling baby boys.
Life is strange and vast filled with wonders and joys.
Face each new sun with eyes clear and true.
Unafraid of the unknown because I'll face it all with you.
Della: Quick, give me your guns.
Penumbra: Oh, good plan. Lull the beast into a false sense of security only to betray them when they're at their most vulnerable. Heh, maybe we are becoming best friends.
Della gives the guns to the mother mite.
Penumbra: Boo! You disappoint me in every way possible.
The mother mite feeds the gold to her baby. The baby's eyes turn blue, and both mites tunnel into the ground.
Lunaris: We fought the mites for cycles, and you turn them back not through battle but compassion. If we simply share the gold, we will no longer be at war with the beasts. You have done the Planet Moon a great service today, Della Duck.
Della: There's no way i can fix this. Sorry boys. I tried.
Lunaris: You might not be able to go home, but that doesn't mean you can't make a new one with us. For too long the mites have been attacking our home, but my people will hide in fear no more.
Della: Neat house. Huh, where I'm from, we call this a rock.
Penumbra: General, am I allowed to disintegrate her yet?
Lunaris laughs and opens the door which reveals a city large enough to cover the dark side of the moon.
Della: Wha?
Lunaris: Welcome to Tranquility.
Della: Wait, this whole time there's been a city here, and I've been slumming in the moon desert?
Penumbra: I told you you were a dummy.
Della: And you guys have food, and weapons, and (gasp) gold!
Lunaris: It's our most plentiful resource. We use it for everything.
Penumbra: Sometimes, we just throw it in the trash, which is also made of gold.
Della: Wow, that is incredibly infuriating, but amazing. I can fix my ship.
Penumbra: Your attempts to wrestle me to the ground are pathetic.
Della: See, best friends!
Penumbra: I can't believe you're just gonna let that moon hater run free. You've gone earth-soft.
Lunaris: That earth dweller managed to defeat our greatest enemy like it was nothing. She could be useful.
Penumbra: Or dangerous. Watch your back, earther.