Episode Info: Transcript: Gallery: Clips: The episode opens inside the Duckburg National Bank. In the foreground is a security guard back turned. In the background, Donald and Huey are speaking to a bank teller. To the left, there is a line of people waiting behind Fenton who has a large duffel bag beside him.
Donald Duck: [Displeased] What?! Whaddya mean no?!
Donald sees his loan is denied and swipes it then tries to cross is out only to have his arms tangled in the pen's wire. The teller seems frightened when Donald angry-quacks.
Huey Duck: I'll do the talking. [To the teller] I understand my uncle is a financial risk, but his houseboat is also his workplace, so fixing it qualifies for a small business loan. [Flips pages in his Junior Woodchuck Guidebook to show a "How to obtain a Small Business Loan Badge" page] Are they any loans you can offer to the "accident prone"?
Fenton: Now the free polo shirt that comes with the account. Are they actually suitable for playing polo? Also, how much money do I need for an account? Is no money acceptable?
Big Time: This is a robbery! (sigh) Other way.
Bouncer: Why are we wearing masks over our other masks, again?
Big Time: Gimme all your money!
Fenton: Just had to stop here on my way to work. Keep calm, slide out, stop, the ...
Donald: What?
Big Time: Hi, Huey.
Donald: You? Stay away!
Burger: Yeah heh heh heh.
Fenton: Oh, blathering blatherskite.
Gizmoduck: Uh, Hi.
Big Time: What the?
Gizmoduck: Woah! Oof, that's mine, sorry, that's mine. Everyone stay down i'm wearing an unstable nuclear acceleratron, so we may have a tiny situation here.
Big Time: Stay back, robo-nerd, or the normal nerd gets it.
Gizmoduck: Oh, well then, um, engage combat mode.
Bouncer: He's out of control!
Suit: Hey, it looks like your processor core is overloading. Would you like to vent excess energy?
Gizmoduck: Yes, do that thing. That sounds helpful.
Suit: Great. Initiating self detonation.
Gizmoduck: What? No, stop, reboot, cancel.
Suit: Okay, canceling and extracade.
Gizmoduck: I guess this is happening now. Bye!
Huey: Wow!
Bank manager: Ah, the money's on fire. Oh the money's on fire!
opening theme: News announcer: Breaking news with Roxanne Featherly: Roxanne Featherly: We're live at Duckberg National Bank, where a robotic menace tore up the building leaving patrons traumatized. You were there, young man. Could you see the pure evil in his cold, robotic eyes?
Huey: What? He was wearing a visor.
Roxanne Featherly: I see. So what's he trying to hide?
Huey: No! He saved me. He was smart and noble and made of metal, everything I always wanted to be, almost. Where did he come from? Will I see him again? Will he sign this commemorative dollar bill?
Fenton: Buff out. Buff! This is disastrous. No, calamitous. No, cataclysmic! Note to self: don't overload the processor.
Roxanne Featherly: Be sure to vote in our online poll. Robocrook: incompetently dangerous or dangerously incompetent.
Huey: Neither. He's a hero!
Fenton: Hero. Me? Huh. That's-
Officer Cabrera: Ridiculo! Dumbest day ever.
Fenton: Mamá, uh, hi.
Officer Cabrera: Some lunatic in a refrigerator tore up the bank.
Fenton: Uh, oof!
Officer Cabrera: Calla Fenton, what are you doing? Wasting your time at your computer? A real job never occurred to you?
Fenton: Mamá, I have a job at McDuck Enterprises under the best scientist in the city.
Officer Cabrera: For free.
Fenton: Yes, it is an unpaid internship, but believe me. Big things are happening.
Officer Cabrera: Claro pollito, I do believe in you, but this is getting a little harder is all. You want to do so much. You have all the right intentions, but you can't do everything at once. What do you actually want to be?
Fenton: Well, Dr. Gearloose is working on this-
Officer Cabrera: Cállate! Patos is on.
twin#1
Soy Diego, your lost triplete: Diego: Espera! (???) which of us?
twin#1
Both: lady: (faints)
Officer Cabrera: Eres un monstruo Diego.
intercom: Um, Mr beaks, you've been cooped up in your office for days, sir. Do you still want your 7:15 takeout pad thai?
Mark Beaks: No, I want "him," and the spring rolls. Bring me the spring rolls.
Gizmoduck: Dr. Gearloose, would you think we could do more than just these reflex tests?
Gyro: Are you asking for a lunch break?
Gizmoduck: I'm saying look at all the amazing things this suit can do. Uh, ah, ah, uwuh, oh, oh, sorry. Where do these things keep coming from?
Gyro: Are you crazy? The core processor is still unstable. It can't handle multiple actions. Mr. McDuck said he'd cut my funding if another quote "cockamamie invention" goes haywire. (gasp) The Gearloose haywire. Glowing hay to allow farmers to work after dark so, Ah! Right. Funding. Play it safe. This suit is a prototype. I'm not going to risk all my hard work because you want to (gasp) Wait! is this a dent?
Gizmoduck: Did you say lunch? I heard lunch. That's lunch everybody.
At one of Glomgold's construction sites: Gizmoduck: If I can figure out how the suit works, then I can show them what Fenton Crackshell-Cabrera can do. Hah, first tool: ballpoint pointer. This will be easy.
Gyro: Don't you start with me today.
Huey: Dr. Gearloose?
Gyro: Some kid.
Huey: As a Junior Woodchuck robotics badge candidate, I was able to trace the wheel tread of the bank robbery to one of your patents.
Gyro: Uh wait bababababa bah! What bank robbery?
Huey: The armored avenger who stopped the bank robbery? You created a superhero for Duckberg, didn't you? I had some ideas that could-
Gyro: (gasp) I did what? Agh, that subhuman, interning piece of AAHH! I'll show him not to meddle with my darlings.
Gizmoduck: Extendo arms. C'mon retract, retract! Ah, arm retraction is buggy. Elbow grease. uh, whaw! Rhubarb, meringue, boston creme. Ha ha, finger gun lasers!
Gyro: Hm, he's somewhere close by, but where?
Gizmoduck: Flexo extendo abs!
Gyro and Huey: Oh my gosh, it's him!
Gizmoduck: Oh, uh, hi, Dr. Gearloose.
Gyro: Get down here this instant! The extendo abs are for putting boxes on high shelves, not for whatever it is you're doing!
Huey: Hey, remember me? Huey. from the bank? You saved me. I cherished it. I have some questions about your gear, possibly some upgrades.
Gyro: You're going to overload the core processor, and kill us all.
Gizmoduck: Oh, I say that's overkill.
Suit: Initiating overkill.
Gizmoduck: Woah! Oh sure, that couldn't be a pie?
Huey: So what O.S. are you running? Is there a core processor? Or are all processes running through you?
Gizmoduck: Interesting hypothesis. An organic processor could- Focus!
Huey: We'll catch up later!
Gizmoduck: C'mon, c'mon!
Gizmoduck tries to warn Mark Beaks, but he can't hear him.
Beaks: Hey, buddy.
Gizmoduck: Let's go!
Gizmoduck carries Beaks from the helicopter before it explodes.
Gizmoduck: Are you hurt? You appear to be crying.
Beaks: Just... some wind in my eyes. Wonderful, wonderful wind.
Gizmoduck: Huh?
Beaks: Yay!
Gizmoduck: Mr. Beaks, I am so sorry.
Beaks: Sorry? You saved me.
Gizmoduck: But, but the missile actually came from-
Beaks: Pfft. C'mon, I have an island where I blow up helicopters for fun. It happens. Anyway, I am your biggest fan. Been looking everywhere for you.
Gizmoduck: You... remember me?
Beaks: Totally awesome robot duck that can't help but stand out? That's quality Beaks bait. Tell me, what is your deal?
Gizmoduck: Well, I-
Beaks: have a ton of untapped potential? I completely agree. With my help, you can help all of Duckberg.
Gizmoduck: Help all Duckburg?
Beaks: That's right. and I have the money, resources and positive buzz you need. See, right now, you're a bad meme. (shows pictures of Gizmoduck memes) I want to make you a good meme. Breakdancing toddler, turtle eats a pancake, you feel me?
Gizmoduck: Uh, not really.
Beaks: Listen, I can give you access to the Waddle phone network. Imagine responding to calls from across the city. A hero for everyone. You can see it, can you? Join us at team Waddle. Your destiny awaits. Woah...
Gizmoduck: I already have a propeller, and a boss who gave me this suit. Thanks, but I got to fly.
Beaks: Seed planted. You will me mine. (phone rings) Hey, I'm stuck on the roof. Going to need you to send up another helicopter. Stairs?!
Gizmoduck: (suit runs out of power) Oh no. no no no no no noooo! (falls)
Gyro: You're fired.
Fenton: Dr. Gearloose? What happened?
Gyro: Ah-ah, If Mr. McDuck finds out about this, I'm finished! I'm scrapping the project.
Fenton: I saved a man from an exploding helicopter.
Gyro: Which you exploded! Next armor, I'm losing all the gizmos.
Fenton: But then, it's not Gizmoduck.
Gyro: There is no Gizmoduck. You are an intern, and you're not even that anymore. Go away. Manny, incinerate the armor. We don't need it falling into the wrong hands.
Fenton: (gasp) Blathering blatherskite!
Huey: Mr. Gizmoduck, I've been going over your suit's design, and you could be doing so much more.
Gizmoduck: Yep yep, I agree. Off to save Duckberg.
Mark Beak's office: Gizmoduck: Mr. Beaks, I accept your offer.
Beaks: New guy, you're back, what a crazy, random surprise. Welcome to Waddle, the only company capable of saving our fair Duckberg. Let me introduce you to Waddleduck! "Waddleduck, you're my hero." Commemorative selfie.
Officer Cabrara: Pollito, my son working at Waddle. Finally a real job. I've never been more proud in my life.
Fenton: Um, uh, gracias, Mama.
Gizmoduck: Gizmodu- ah I mean, Waddleduck reporting for duty, sir.
Beaks: Reporting to me? No, no no no, you report to them, the Waddle consumer. Thanks to our brand new hero-on-demand app, we're going to be huge. When Waddlers are in need, You'll get a ring-a-ding, then you'll zip-zing right over to do your thing.
Gizmoduck: Okay, but what if people without the app need help? What about bigger crimes?
Beaks: Ha ha, oh you glorious fool. Nothing is bigger than the needs of Waddle customers. But if you do refuse a call, your system will be overridden.
Gizmoduck: What?
Beaks: You wanted to help people, right? Get to it hero. Ha hah.
Gizmoduck: Well, relationships are built on communication.
Louie: The remote? Yeah, that Pep can? And a grape? No, no, two grapes. You know what, make it three.
Gizmoduck: You. What do you need?
Huey: [Enraged] I need you to toss that in the trash.
Gizmoduck: (reads note) "My faith in you." I don't understand.
Huey: Waddleduck? Really. You're not a hero; you're a sellout. So go ahead. Throw away my faith in you. In the recycling, you monster.
Gizmoduck: (sighs dejectedly and sadly) I uh-
Bro-y dude: Easy, I just got this puppy detailed.
Gizmoduck: Ah, so stupid.
Bro-y dude: I'm gonna need room to pull out here. Just a few more inches up front?
Duck Mom: Aah!
Gizmoduck: Huh? Pardon me, duty calls. You need to download the app, sign up, use a password, verify account, check spam-dozer.
Big Time: Not so tough, this time, eh microwave?
Gizmoduck: Hgrrr!
Beaks: W.D. what's the word, man? I'm seeing a lot of bad reviews on the app. Talk quick, I have my daily press conference in a few-
Gizmoduck: I need control. A person plummeting to their untimely death doesn't have time to open an app.
Beaks: Oh, it's possible. The waddle phone is super fast. Allow me to-
Gizmoduck: [Furious] I quit!
Beaks: Oh cool, It's just, thing is you belong to me, so don't be ungrateful. I made you the most buzz-worthy guy in town. Come to think of it, I can't have you being more popular than me. In fact...
Fenton: No, wait, what are you? No!
Beaks: Sorry, you don't deserve the armor, chico. Behold, Waddleduck 2.0. Guards!
Fenton: But you don't know how it works. Activating too many gizmos will overload the core processor.
Beaks: Meh, I got it.
Huey: Hey hey. Ho ho. Wadddleduck has got to go. Hey hey. Ho ho. Wadddleduck has got to go.
Fenton: Listen to me, Beaks has no idea what's he's doing. He'll kill us all.
Officer Cabrara: Pollito?
Beaks: Welcome to Waddle. I am Waddleduck, or should I say, Mark Beaks. Your favorite billionaire is now your favorite superhero, y'all!
Huey: Boo! No way, you're not a hero!
Beaks: Say what, now?
Huey: I mean, how could you be him? You were rescued by Gizmoduck. And you really think we wouldn't notice your whole faces are different?
Roxanne Featherly: So you'll be responding personally to all help requests?
Beaks: Eh, for the sake of efficiency, I'm placing my self in charge of who gets saved and who doesn't, for I am Waddleduck.
Fenton: Beaks, stop. Somebody stop him.
Beaks: Pew Pew pew pewpewpewpew pew pew. Heh hah! Huh. woah,
Suit: Bulbie here. Looks like there is a core overload.
Beaks: Get it off of me! Get it off of me!
Suit: Would you like to vent excess energy with self detonation?
Beaks: Yes, yes, yes, whatever.
Suit: Great, initiating self detonation.
Beaks: What? Oh oh oh no!
Fenton: Cancel the order. It will explode.
Beaks: To panicked to process. Save me, amigo.
Fenton: I am not your amigo.
billboard breaks and begins to fall down on Beaks, Huey, and Officer Cabrara.
Fenton: I'm not a mascot, or an intern, or a fancy tool. Blathering blatherskite!
Gizmoduck: I am Gizmoduck!
Huey: Ha hah! Faith restored!
Suit: Heads up. Venting excess energy with processor core detonation.
Huey: Just rip out the processor core.
Gizmoduck: I can't. It will explode. I need the suit to get rid of the processor, but the suit won't run without the processor.
Huey: You don't need it.
Gizmoduck: Where am I going to find a complex system that can handle many things at once?
Huey: Right here. Your brain is the perfect processor. It's like I've been trying to tell you. You can do more.
Gizmoduck: You're right. You've been right. Ow, ouch, that's my brain.
Huey: Aahh! The suit is not Gizmoduck. You are. That's a robotics badge and a philosophy badge right there.
Gizmoduck: It's all me. I'm in control.
Suit: Core meltdown in 10... 9... 8...
Gizmoduck: Oh no, I'm in control! Scatter! This thing is gonna blow!
Suit: Goodbye!
Huey: Tonight, we watched someone make the ultimate sacrifice for the city. Despite the fact that we doubted him, he was our hero.
Roxanne Featherly: Hey! That- Get away from my camera!
The camera pans to Fenton, he survived miraculously and is badly injured. Fenton groans weakly before passing out. Later, he awakens in hospital in full body cast as his mother is seen.
Fenton: Ugh, uhh... Mama?
Officer Cabrara: Pollito!
Fenton: I think I was fired. I was definitely fired.
Officer Cabrara: Just rest right now. Someone's sprung for the VIP hospital suite.
Scrooge: Need a word with you.
Fenton: Mr. McDuck?
Officer Cabrara: Scrooge McDuck? Ooh, I'll leave you two alone. See if you can get money out of him. He's loaded.
Fenton: Heh heh.
Scrooge: You know, I spend a lot of time abroad. I won't always be here for Duckburg. I need someone to make sure this place is still standing when I get back. Gyro?
Gyro: Mr. McDuck was very impressed by "my" hero armor. And he feels that despite literally every physical piece of evidence to the contrary, you are the right person to test the new model. The armor is self-contained using your brain as the core processor. (sigh) Go ahead.
Fenton: Blathering blatherskite? Ha ha ha, ouch, ow, ow. I think I need a new cast.
Scrooge: Looking good, lad. You work for me now. I just need a name to write on the paychecks.
Gizmoduck: Call me Gizmoduck! No no no no aaahh!!