The episode starts with a shot of a seagull flying across the sky and to a harbor of ships. The bird caws.
Sailor 1#
Hey!
Sailor 2#
Eh!
Sailor 3#
Go!
The seagull lands on Donald's boat then fly's away. Donald is getting ready for a job interview with Louie chasing after him holding a uniform.
Louie Duck: Come on! Hold still, Uncle Donald: Donald Duck: Get off of me!
Huey is cooking.
Huey Duck: Good morning, Uncle Donald: Louie is holding Donald's other clothes and his uniform.
Louie: You can't wear this to your job interview: Louie puts Donald's original uniform in the dishwasher and turns it on.
Donald: (yelps) My uniform!
Louie: You gotta dress for the job you want, not the job you have, which is no job: Donald's sleeve catches fire but he puts it out.
Donald: Huey, don't touch the stove. That's hot!
Donald's sleeve gets out of the sink and slaps Donald in the face.
Huey: But it's a big day, and a big day calls for a big breakfast: Huey shows Donald a plate with words saying "We believe in you Uncle Donald", a egg and a fish are on it. The fish deflates. Huey throws the plate and it shatters.
Huey: I'll get the iron.
Donald: Ouch! Ooch: Donald starts squawking.
Donald: Stop helping me. And put on your life vests. What if the boat goes down while the babysitter's here?
Huey and Louie: Yes, Uncle Donald: Donald: Where is that babysitter?
Donald picks up the phone and the line starts ringing.
Donald: Where are you? What? I didn't give you a new address: Huey and Louie give each other a look with a smirk.
Donald: Well, what time can you get here?
With the babysitter.
Babysitter: I..don't...know...
With Donald, Huey, Louie.
Donald: Crazy old bird: Donald hangs up the phone.
Donald: Where can I find another babysitter at 10:00?
Donald, Huey and Louie: Ten o'clock?
Louie: You gotta go!
Louie puts the ironing board back and Huey puts Donald's shirt on him. Louie starts pushing Donald. Outside.
Donald: Boys, I can't just leave you: Louie: We can survive for a couple of hours: Donald: A couple of hours? Uh...Well, okay, but just keep those life vests on: Huey and Louie gives each other a thumbs up. Donald starts walking off until the boat engine turns on.
Donald: Where's Dewey?
Louie: Sleeping: Huey: Who's Dewey?
Louie looks at Huey. Donald walks back inside the boat.
Louie: Who's Dewey?
With Dewey.
Dewey Duck: All right, boys. We'll get to Cape Suzette and back before anyone realizes we're gone. So long, Dorkburg. Hello...Uncle Donald. What...what's up?
Donald throws Huey, Dewey and Louie in the back seat.
Donald: I can't leave you boys alone for one minute: Donald closes the door.
Dewey: You were supposed to get him out by ten o'clock, Hubert: Huey: You were supposed to signal before you started the boat, Dewford: Louie: We never get to do anything: Donald is in the front seat.
Donald: Boys, if we want to keep our home afloat...
Donald sighs.
Donald: ...We've all got to do things we don't want to do: GPS: Destination, McDuck Manor: Huey: McDuck Manor? As in Scrooge McDuck?
Dewey: The bajillionaire?
Louie: You're finally gonna sell us: Donald: I'm not gonna sell...He owes me: Dewey: We're gonna meet Scrooge McDuck?
Louie: That guy's amazing: Huey: What?
Dewey: I heard he's so epic, he defeated a rock giant and carved a statue of himself out of its leg!
Huey: I heard he's so smart, he solved the mystery of the Chupacabra. Turns out it was just a shaved bear!
Louie: I heard that he's so rich, he only hunts for treasure to swim in it!
Donald: All right, take it down a notch. It's only for a couple of hours.
Dewey: A couple of hours with the most exciting duck in the world!
Bentley Buzzard: With business expanding in Spoonerville and St. Canard markets, noted in Appendices C,G, and 5F, we're also cutting funding to unnecessary departments, Historical research, Experimental Tech, Deep Sea Exploration: Scrooge McDuck: Fantastic: Scrooge goes to his money vault.
Scrooge: Back in the bin with ya. See ya tomorrow: Scrooge sighs. Scrooge closes the vault door. The limo is driving the McDuck Manor. The dog starts barking. Scrooge is sliding around in the back seat.
Launchpad McQuack: Just another day at the office, eh, Mr. McD.?
Launchpad laughs.
Launchpad: Been there. I don't have an office, per se, but in some ways, the road is my office. Hey, that's deep. I gotta write that down: Launchpad crashes into a table. Scrooge gasps.
Scrooge: Eyes on the road, McQuack. Every dent is coming outta your salary: Launchpad: Absolutely. Hey, you read about that crazy snowstorm over at Drake Barrier Reef? I'd hate to fly into that one. See, I'm a bit of a pilot, and, uh...
Scrooge starts closing the partition.
Launchpad: Ooh, okay. Divider: The partition closes.
Launchpad: There you go: The limo keeps swerving.
Launchpad: Hit the breaks!
Launchpad hits the brakes. Scrooge groans.
Scrooge: Why aren't we moving?
With Donald, Huey, Dewey and Louie.
Donald: Mrs. B! Open up. I need to get out of here before...
Scrooge is honking the limo's horn.
Donald: ...He...shows up.
Scrooge gets out of the limo.
Scrooge: Oi, jettison that jalopy from my driveway this instant, you deadbeat: Donald gets out of his car and walks up to Scrooge.
Scrooge: Donald Duck.
Donald: Uncle Scrooge.
Huey: Uncle Scrooge?
Huey, Dewey and Louie are cheering. Dewey jumps out of the car and rolls on top of the car. Dewey gets back into the car and knocks over Huey and Louie.
Donald: So, you're looking good.
Scrooge: Still living on that boat?
Donald: Yup. Still a trillionaire?
Scrooge points to a peacock flying behind the gate to the manor.
Donald: Good, Good. So...
Scrooge: So...jettison that jalopy from my driveway this instant, you deadbeat!
Donald: Aw, here we go! Giving orders like he's the richest duck in the world!
Scrooge: I am the richest duck in the world. Now move!
Donald: I would love to! It just so happens I have a job interview!
Scrooge: So why are you just standing there yelling?!
Donald: Mrs. B. said that you would watch the boys. Can you do that without losing them?
Scrooge: Of course I can!
Donald: Fantastic! Thank you SO Much!
Scrooge: YOU'RE WELCOME! Wait, what now?
Donald: Huey, Dewey, Louie, meet Scrooge McDuck. Remember: No tricks, no lies, no trouble.
Huey, Dewey and Louie: Yes, Uncle Donald.
Donald: I wasn't talking to you.
The boys enter the mansion: Louie: Whoa!!!
Mrs. Beakley: Talk to your nephews.
Scrooge: Ep! So, do children still like... marbles or uh...
Huey: Are you really our uncle?
Dewey: How old are you?
Louie: What's your net worth?
Huey: What's the deal with you and Uncle Donald?
Louie: Ooo, is this fork real silver? Can I have it?
Huey: How come you never visit?
Louie: Oh, cause you're so old and moving is so hard?
Dewey: You owe us a LOT of birthday presents!
Louie: You used to be a big deal. Whatever happened to you?
"Scrooge slams the newspaper."
Scrooge: BEAKLEY!
Scrooge throws the kids in an empty room.
Scrooge: You agreed to watch 'em. Watch 'em! Huey, Louie... the third one.
Mrs. Beakley: Please do not leave the designated play area.
Beakley gives the boys a bag of marbles.
Beakley: A gift from your great uncle. You will return them upon your departure. He's counted them.
Beakley locks the door.
Huey: Great, now we've got two boring uncles.
Louie: So we're totally ditching this room right?
Dewey: Yup, and I know just how to do it.
Scrooge: Hmph. Used to be a big deal.
Dewey: Hmph! Hah! Hah! Stupid! Doorknob! Come! Off! Nailed it!
Louie: Huh, I can't believe THAT was your best plan.
Dewey: Come on guys! Let's go touch some expensive stuff. Wah!
Huey and Louie: DEWEY!
Dewey: I'll put the marbles back! I swear!
???
Who sent you? Ma Beagle (2017)Ma Beagle? Glomgold? Answer me...
Louie: (sniff) Uncle Scrooge! (cries)
???
Uncle Scrooge? OH MY GOSH, THE NEPHEWS!
Louie: Wait, you know us?
???
Of course! Researching Mr. McDuck and his family is kinda my hobby.
Louie: What?
???
What are your blood types? What's Donald really like? Who's the evil triplet?
Huey and Dewey: Louie.
Louie: Meh.
???
Tell me EVERYTHING!
Louie: We live with our uncle...
Dewey: ...On a boat.
???
Go on...
Huey: Kinda it. We're just a normal, boring family.
???
Normal? Boring? HAH!
Girl kicks ball and reveals family tree chart.
???
Huey, Dewey and Louie Duck. Scrooge McDuck's great nephews from his sister Hortense's side with Quackmore Duck, twice removed!
Dewey: And you are?
???
Oh, right. Webby Vanderquack. My granny's the housekeeper. WAIT! Are we friends now?
Huey: If we say "yes" will you let us live?
Webby: HAH! Good one new best friend.
Louie: So, friend, what do you do for fun around here?
Webby: Oh, I'm the best at fun, um. (kicks grate open)
Dewey: Atleast it's not the marble room.
Scrooge: C'mon you braggart, you won't get the best of Scrooge McD--aah!
Beakley: Hm, a little spring cleaning?
Scrooge: Maybe, maybe not. Read this.
Beakley: Snow. On the Drake Barrier Reef.
Scrooge: First time in fifty years. That weather report aligns perfectly with the Papaya Prophecy. A shift in currents may present a pathway to...Atlantis! Lost city under the sea.
Beakley: This is because some children made fun of you isn't it?
Scrooge: Nonsense, I'm no has-been; they're the has-beens. I am a am-now. Make a list: four oxygen tanks, two pressure gauges, a pilot,...
Launchpad: I'm a pilot.
Scrooge: A week's provisions, an experimental deep-sea sub,...
Launchpad: I'm a pilot.
Beakley: And one secretary for an old man who seems to have forgotten that I am NOT HIS SECRETARY!
"Launchpad closes the door."
Scrooge: So... not interested?
Beakley: I have enough excitement caring for Webby. Perhaps you should spend some time with your family.
Scrooge: Why? Hang up my spats? Become the dottering old relic everyone thinks I am? Spinning yarns to those loudmouth young'uns about the man I used to be?
Beakley: You have avoided them for ten years.
Scrooge: Because family is nothing but trouble!
Dewey: gasp: Scrooge: I'm Scrooge McDuck. I made my name being tougher than the toughies and smarter than the smarties. and I made my money square on my own. No nephews, no family, no one helped me then, and I don't need help now, and... Beakley, a little help? Maybe they're right.
Webby: Whoa, vent crawl!
Huey: You don't get out much do you?
Webby: Ah, Granny's a bit overprotective. She trains me to be ready for anything, but then she says I've got everything I need in here. But one day I'm going to see the world. I'm going to be an explorer! I'm going to go eat a hamburger.
Huey: We could bring you a hamburger.
Webby: You really are my best friends.
Dewey falls out of the grate, dejected.
Webby: Welcome to the wing of secrets.
Huey: I knew it.
Louie: Dewey, check it out.
Dewey: Yeah, whatever.
Webby: The Gong of Pixiu . Hit it three times to unleash unspeakable evil.
Huey: Uh, what are you doing?
Louie: Calling dibs on stuff. What, Scrooge is like is like super old.
Webby: Whoa careful. Medusa's gauntlet. one touch could turn organic matter to stone.
Louie: Okay, we'll call this one a maybe.
Huey: This place is incredible.
Dewey: It's fake.
Huey: Is that Uncle Donald?
Webby: Oh yeah, he was Mr McDuck's sidekick.
Huey: Dewey's right.
Louie: Totally fake.
Dewey: Uncle Donald has never done anything cool.
Webby: What? Donald Duck is one of the most daring adventurers of all time!
Donald wrestles with a stapler: Dewey: This has got to be a fake, and I bet everything else is too.
Webby: That's not true. what about this picture with Chubracabra?
Huey: Photoshopped.
Webby: Well, this treasure chest?
Louie: Probably bought it at an auction.
Webby: This g-g-ghost?
Dewey: You mean this Halloween decoration?
Ghost pirate: Curse ye you scurvy life lubbers!
Webby: It's Captain Peg-hook the scourge of the river Styx.
Dewey: It's real, It's really, really real.
Webby: The Deus Excalibur. It won't rest until it's target's slain.
Huey: But he's already dead.
Webby: Do not let anything else hit that gong.
Louie: Yep, I'm going to sit this one out.
Webby: The headless man-horse. That one feels self-explanatory.
Dewey: That's twice.
Webby: One more and something terrible could happen.
Louie: What could be worse than this?
Scrooge: What in Dismal Downs is going on in here?!
Triplets: There it is.
Scrooge: Why aren't you in your rooms?
Huey: We've got this. There are four of us and three of them. If we, wait never mind, they teamed up.
Scrooge: Ah good, that means only one target.
Dewey: No, get back! You're old!
Scrooge: Oi Beastie, what's it gonna take to shuffle you off to the afterlife?
Peg-hook: The head of Scrooge McDuck.
Scrooge: (cracks neck) Would you settle for his hat?
Peg-hook screams, Scrooge throws his hat and ducks under him. Peg-hook throws sword, head flies, all gasp then realize it's from the statue which Scrooge catches.
Scrooge: There's your head.
Scrooge tosses head statue to Peg-hook.
Peg-hook: I should have been more specific! (fades away)
Headless Horse: (clopping) A head. I'm no longer a freak! Thank you! (leaves)
Louie: We can explain. We came down to your secret museum to look for you because we love you?
Scrooge: Secret museum? this is the garage.
Huey and Dewey: The what?
Louie: You mean the gar-age?
Webby: No that's ridiculous. If this is a garage, then how do you explain all this amazing stuff, like the garden hose of destiny, or Montezuma's stack of old magazines, or, oh yeah, no, it's a garage.
Scrooge: Unbelievable. I invite you into my home-
Louie: You locked us in a room!
Scrooge: I gave you marbles.
Huey: All we wanted was to hang out with you.
Scrooge: Well, now you have and look of the mess it's gotten me.
Dewey: (bitterly) I guess family is nothing but trouble, right Scrooge?
Scrooge: Everybody out.
Huey: But we're...
Scrooge: OUT! (hits gong) Oh what are you gaping at? The curse is only activated if you ring the gong three times, and, and, and you already hit it two times, didn't ye?
Webby: Pixiu, the gold hunting dragon.
Louie: Gold hunting? Sounds great.
Huey: Not when you're Duckburg's single largest owner of gold.
Scrooge: Ah, me money bin! To your rooms!
Huey: Where are you going?
Webby: I'm going to go eat a hamburger.
Dewey: We're in.
Webby: Cool. To be clear, I'm going to go catch the dragon. The hamburger was a metaphor from before I ...
Dewey: Yeah, yeah, we get it, we get it. But how are we going to get up there?
Launchpad: Uh, I'm a pilot.
Scrooge: Oof ha ha it'll take more than some fancy flying to shake ol' Scrooge you cash cannibal.
Dragon rubs up against some buildings.
Scrooge: It'll take more than a bruised spine to shake ol' Scrooge you bad.. dragon dog. Ahh: Huey: Whoo hooo.
Scrooge: I thought I told you to go to your...
Dewey: No time. We gotta work fast.
Huey: Webby, how do we stop it?
Webby: It's mystical so we need a mystical device like an oblivion mirror, or a medusa gauntlet, or-
Louie: Like this? What? I was going to give it back. Now how do we get it down there?
Huey: Garden hose of destiny. Launchpad, we need to swing him out. Nosedive toward the bin and get ready to pull up.
Launchpad: Yes sir, random kid I just met.
Dewey: Any questions?
Scrooge: Since when is Launchpad a pilot?
Dewey: You guys, our family is awesome.
Louie: He's swimming in money; I knew it.
Launchpad: Aw, family truly is the greatest adventure of... OH NO THE GROUND!
Scrooge: In the short time I've known you, you wrecked my home and my money bin, unleashed several ancient evils and almost got me killed, twice.
Huey: Four times if you count each monster as an individual time.
Scrooge: Ha ha ha ha that was incredible. When you pulled me into the airplane and said "no time," ah and who would have thought of a Medusa gauntlet? Brilliant! Oh and then you swung me out of the building just in time. Ha ha, you kids are nothing but trouble! Curse me kilts, have I missed trouble. I suppose I'll have to keep an eye on you to teach you how to get in trouble properly.
Dewey: You mean?
Scrooge: Beakley, clear my schedule. I'm taking the wee ones on a field trip.
Beakley: About time and once again I'm not your secretar----
Scrooge: Now lets go find the lost city of Atlantis!
All: Yeah!
Scrooge: And no one tell your Uncle Donald!
All: Yeah!
Launchpad: Who is that?
???
You've got the job, Duck.
Donald: Seriously? Oh boy, I'm a real accountant.
Flintheart Glomgold: Accountant? That was filled yesterday. You're our new sailor. Welcome to Glomgold Industries. Now what do you know about Atlantis?
Part 2
Glomgold: (training video) Glomgold Industries. Take an idea, make it your own, bigger, faster, cheaper. That's the motto of the world's most beloved Scottish billionaire duck, Flintheart Glomgold! Welcome new employees, to Glomgold Industries where our employees are the greatest treasure of all!
Glomgold: (clapping) Glomgold, Glomgold, Glom- Fine, enough glad-handing. You're here because you're the best of the cheapest. With your help and my carefully crafted master plan, we'll find the fabled lost jewel of Atlantis and finally make me the richest duck in the world! (sinister laughter) But first here are your company IDs, also good for 40% off life vest rental in case of emergency. Gabby McStabberson, Hack and Slash Smashnikov, Donald Duck, Duck? DUUUUCK?!
Donald: Hahahaha.. (back to cell phone) Now remember, bedtime is at 9, and no sugar after 7. Oh, and...
cut to Scrooge on top of a sub in the ocean.
Scrooge: I run a multi-trillion dollar business. I can handle a few juveniles for the weekend. You just focus on this new job of yours. Besides, I got a pretty low key day planned.
Dewey: Hoist the mast sail! Other boat words to Atlantis! Dive! Dive!
Scrooge: No, wait.
Launchpad: Aye aye.
Scrooge: Launchpad, the hatch! stop the bjjbjbuadkjfo!
Dewey: Woohoo!
Scrooge: Talk to your uncle.
Louie: Hey Uncle Donald. Nope, yeah, pretty boring. We napped, rubbed ointment on our joints, old people stuff.
Webby: What about the dragon? and the plane crash? and...
Louie: Whoops, 3pm, time for dinner. Bye.
Webby: Well, why didn't you tell him the truth?
Louie: You didn't tell your grandma we were going to a dangerous underwater city, did you?
Webby: Ah I kinda sorta didn't tell her anything?
Louie: Webby, that's irresponsible! She'll be worried sick. Call your grandma this instant, and tell her that you are spending the night at a friend's house, okay? Lying, it's the responsible thing to do.
Scrooge: Launchpad, have you ever piloted a sub before?
Launchpad: I sunk a helicopter in a wading pool, once. Same thing?
Scrooge: Uh, I've done more with less. No matter, I'm back! Uncharted territory, bold new discoveries...
Huey: Travel bingo! I love road trips. I've got snacks, a playlist of traditional sea shanties, matching family road trip shirts...
Scrooge: I appreciate the enthusiasm, but there's no time.
Huey: But according to the travel itinerary...
Dewey: Booooo! Adventure isn't about planning, it's about doing. So, what can I be in charge of? the buzz saws?
Scrooge: No.
Dewey: Sonic cannons?
Scrooge: No.
Dewey: Hyper dense zero-point energy missiles to pierce the scaly hide of a kraken?
Scrooge: None of those things are real things. This is your first expedition so just stand back and watch an old pro from a safe distance.
Dewey: So what is this submarine equipped with?
Scrooge: Seat belts. (chuckle)
Dewey: Hah, good one. Classic Scrooge/Dewey banter: the seasoned but tired explorer passing the torch to his cocky young successor.
Huey: I'm pretty sure he doesn't actually know our names.
Dewey: I'm sorry, what?
Huey: I think he called me Herbert, once.
Dewey: Don't be ridiculous. Hey Scrooge, when are we going to set sail, Scrooge.
Scrooge: In a moment, Sonny Jim.
Huey offers Dewey a shirt.
Dewey: I will cram it down your throat.
Louie: Guys, lighten up. We're on a deep sea expedition with Scrooge McDuck.
Scrooge: Mr. McQuack, chart a course. Next stop, the Lost City of Atlantis!
All: Woohoo: Scrooge: In about sixteen hours!
Huey: Shanty time!
Hours pass as the shanty tape plays, everyone falls asleep but Dewey who becomes more and more agitated.
Launchpad: Driving! Piloting! Driving! Right!
Dewey: Hey Scrooge, first mate Dewey, here. Your map's got us going the long way. I could probably find a shortcut if you let me...
Scrooge: Ah ah ah, lad. The shortest distance between two points isn't always a straight line.
Dewey: Okay, but yes it is. so if we just go..
Scrooge smacks Dewey away from the map. While distracted, Dewey snatches the map.
Launchpad: Driving! Hm?
Dewey erases Scrooge's route and replaces it with his own. Sub changes course.
Dewey: Shortcut achieved. He'll thank me later.
various scenes of submarine attacked multiple times: Scrooge: You kids are the death of me.
Dewey: Dewey. Dewey will be the death of you.
Huey: Could we make a pit stop? I'd use the bathroom but it's, um, occupied.
Scrooge: For the love of, It's the middle of the ocean, there are no pit stops.
Launchpad: How about that conspicuously unmarked tanker?
Donald: Ah, little Dewey's first step. And that's Huey in the playoffs. he was the water boy. Oh look, that's us climbing the Grand Canyon, display at the supermarket, hahaha I miss them so much, but we need this job. So, tell me about your family.
Gabby: I was raised by warrior monks who spoke only the language of the blade.
Hack: We've got intruders.
Donald: Scrooge? What is he doing here?
Glomgold: Strange weather patterns in a mysterious location near treasure, ha ha. I knew he couldn't resist. Hack, triangulate their sub's course. We'll tail Scrooge, and steel the jewel right from under him.
Donald: The boys?! Wait until I get my hands on thAAAAAHHHHHH!! I'm going to kill him!
Glomgold: Ooh! Better idea. Nab the jewel and kill them all. Somebody is angling for Employee of the Month, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Glomgold's ship is battered by the storm, while Scrooge's ship glides underwater.
Scrooge: The Drake Barrier Reef. Powerful currents combined with rocky terrain make it nearly impossible to navigate, but on that rare occasion when snow falls above the reef, the currents cool allowing safe passage to...
Louie: Are we there yet?
Scrooge: I was just trying to...
Huey: Right side or the Left side?
Scrooge: Just let me...
Dewey: Look! there that thing is. We found it: All: Whoa.
Scrooge: Yes, good, Atlantis, "ooh," "aah," thanks for spoiling the moment.
Huey: The whole place is upside down.
Scrooge: Ah, well that's a new one.
Dewey: Woah: Louie: Just call your grandma already, it's no big deal. Remember you're at a friend's house, okay? You got this.
Webby: (rapidly) Hi granny, I'm spending the night at a friend's house and nothing is wrong!
Louie: Oh, you don't got this.
Scrooge: Ah, according to these markings, the Atlanteans were so eager to build their epic city of wonders and death traps, they didn't stop to figure out a proper support structure and the whole thing fell into the sea. You kids best stay by the sub while I scout ahead.
Huey: Dewey ran in as soon as you said "death traps."
Dewey: C'mon, Scrooge! We got this!
Scrooge: Oi! (muttering)
Gabby prepares to throw darts at Scrooge's party.
Donald: oopsie: Launchpad: hm? meh.
Gabby: You made me miss.
Donald: Uh, if we get rid of them now, we can't torture them later.
Glomgold: Brilliant. I want Scrooge alive when I shove the jewel of Atlantis in his smug face. He thinks he's so rich, and so Scottish, but I'm wearing a kilt, McDuck. A kilt!
Scrooge: Lad, i thought the traps would get you for sure.
Dewey: (points upward) Stupid upside down temple. Nothing cool about walking under buzz saws.
Scrooge: From now on, don't touch anything.
Dewey kicks a rock which hits a panel releasing snakes which fall on Launchpad.
Scrooge: Maybe Atlantis was an ambitious first outing.
Webby: Hi again granny still at a friend's house. Her name? Sub-ina a totally real name for a definitely real person.
Louie: Eh, Good try.
Huey: Launchpad, are you okay?
Launchpad: A little snake venom nevEHH EHH EHH. Hi nice to meet you I'm everybody's friend.
Huey: Ahhhhhh!
Donald: Um, I got to go to the bathroom. I'll be right back.
Dewey: Woah, suspension bridge, chasm, glowing blue mystical lasers? Classic.
Donald: Scrooge, wait until I get my hands on him.
Scrooge: Even a basic death trap still has the word "death" in the title.
Scrooge interrupts a beam which causes a jet of fire to erupt from a vent next to Donald and engulfs the bridge.
Donald: Oh no.
Scrooge: We'll find another route; it's not safe for amateur adventurers.
Dewey: That sounds like a challenge.
Scrooge: I have to stress that is not a challenge.
Dewey: ...is exactly what you'd say to dissuade the weak of heart from accepting the challenge, well challenge accepted.
Scrooge: There is no challenge!
Donald: Dewey!
Dewey crosses the bridge while Donald uses a piece of iron to shield the bridge from the flames.
Dewey: (scatting) how does he Dewey it? I don't know (more scatting) and now you know. Nailed it.
Scrooge uses the suspension rope as a zip line to cross.
Dewey: Sure, if you wanted to do it the easy way.
Scrooge: Why wouldn't you want to do it the easy way? You got to work smarter, lad, not harder.
Dewey: Lad? I don't call you old man or Scotty McTophat.
Scrooge: Respect your elder. When you adventure with Scrooge McDuck...
Dewey: But I'm not. You want me to adventure "behind" Scrooge McDuck or wait by the sub. I might as well be back on the houseboat.
Scrooge: Because you have no idea what you're doing.
Dewey: So show me. Give me a chance instead of lumping us all together in the back seat while you drive.
Scrooge: I'm not lumping you all together.
Dewey: Oh really, which triplet am I?
Scrooge: It's... Bluie?
Donald lets go of the shield which destroys the bridge.
Scrooge: Aw fantastic. You see what I'm talking about? (to rest of party) You four find another way around, we're going to.. push onward, apparently.
Glomgold: Wait, this is no bathroom. This shortcut leads right to the treasure chamber. I don't even know why I hired the rest of you. Help him up.
Donald: Ow, Ouch, Owie, ow.
Scrooge: Maybe I could just hire some family. Then they have to listen to me.
Glomgold: There she is: the jewel of Atlantis. (sinister laughter)
Dewey: Who's that?
Scrooge: Flintheart Glomgold: the poor man's version of me, which to be fair, still makes him insanely rich.
Glomgold: Load up the sub.
Dewey: They got Uncle Donald.
Scrooge: What?
Dewey: Let go of my uncle!
Glomgold: No.
Dewey: I wasn't prepared for that.
Scrooge surfaces and pins Glomgold down.
Scrooge: What are doing, here Flinty?
Donald: What are you doing here, Scrooge? I told you to keep the boys safe.
Scrooge: Aw, they're perfectly fine.
Donald: Oh yeah? where are the other two?
Scrooge: Back safe in the room with fire and the snakes.
Donald: What?
Glomgold: Ah Scroogie, I see you know my newest employee.
Scrooge: Your new job is with my sworn enemy?
Donald: I can't keep track of all your sworn enemies.
Glomgold: Now, now, Donald has been a model employee and an excellent prisoner.
Donald: Yeah. Wait what?
Mercenaries grab Donald, Scrooge lets Glomgold go.
Scrooge: Hiring my own nephew in order to use him against me? Now that is good planning.
Mercenaries throw Donald back into the treasure room.
Glomgold: Have fun being the second richest duck in the world, for the next five minutes. (laughing)
Dewey: I like to point out that this trap was not my fault.
Huey: Junior Woodchuck rule 841: There's always another way around.
Webby's cell phone rings.
Louie: Oh nonononono.
Webby: Oh look, Uncle Hampus is here and he only speaks Swedish. We don't want to be rude, so goodbye?
Louie: And you're done yeah you're never going to be able to back up that lie. that was crazy.
Launchpad: Åh, hej, Beakley! Subina har berättat så mycket om dig, över fiskbullar. (Translation: Oh, hi, Beakley! Subina has told me so much about you, over fish balls.)
Glomgold: Take them down.
Launchpad: Oj då. (Translation: Uh-oh.)
Dewey: We gotta stop the water.
Donald tries to plug the in flowing water and fails in his usual comic style.
Donald: Oh no. I knew it. I knew I couldn't trust you with the boys.
Scrooge: Not the time, Donald.
Donald: Crazy old man. All you care about is the next adventure. This is the Spear of Selene all over again.
Scrooge: I was not responsible for the Spear of Selene.
Dewey: Stop. Scrooge was trying to keep me out of trouble, but I was so caught up in- why is there a lamp on the floor?
Donald: What?
Dewey: Atlantis is upside down. That means that lamp was supposed to be on the floor surrounded by all this treasure.
Scrooge: That a boy, lad. Keep going.
Dewey: But why would you surround that thing with treasure unless...
Scrooge and Dewey: That's the real jewel of Atlantis!
Scrooge: That thing lit up when the trap was sprung. I bet my bottom dollar it's the power source that runs the city.
Dewey: Uncle Donald, you gotta let the room flood so I can grab the jewel.
Donald: That's crazy, as opposed to what, let go? Trust you?
Dewey: Well yeah, that's kinda all you can do. This is a surprisingly insightful death trap.
Donald unplugs the leak, the chamber fills with water. All three wrench the jewel from its socket and the water goes back down again.
Donald: We're going to be okay.
They rejoin the party who is fighting the mercenaries.
Donald: Oh yeah, those guys. Huey and Louie are doing okay.
Scrooge: Wait, where's Glomgold?
Glomgold: (through walkie-talkie) Hey team. Wanted to thank you for keeping Scrooge's kin busy while I escape with the jewel and blow up Atlantis with my most hated rival inside.
Hack: But I thought employees were greatest treasure of all.
Glomgold: Don't be ridiculous. Treasure is the greatest treasure of all. That's why it's called treasure. Glomgold out!
Scrooge: We have to go.
Glomgold fires torpedoes at Atlantis.
Gabby: Mr Duck, could we ah maybe bum a ride with you?
Scrooge: That was some quick thinking. You just may be an adventurer yet, Dewey.
Back at port, Glomgold holds a press conference.
Glomgold: Right right, okay settle down. ha ha, Ladies and gentlemen of the press. It is with great pride I, Flintheart Glomgold present...
Scrooge: The Jewel of Atlantis.
Glomgold: What?!
Roxanne Featherly: Is that Scrooge McDuck?
The press bombard Scrooge with questions.
Scrooge: An efficient clean source of energy that could power Duckberg for fifty years. Courtesy of your friends at McDuck water and electric.
Roxanne Featherly: Ooh, Mr McDuck how do respond to claims by other Scottish billionaires that they have the real jewel?
Scrooge: uh that bauble. It's nice but it's obviously super cursed.
Glomgold: No it's not!
A giant tentacle emerges from the water and grabs Glomgold.
Glomgold: Curse you McDuck!!!
Beakley: Webby? Uncle Hampus?
Louie: how long?
Beakley: The whole time.
Webby: Granny, I can explain.
Beakley: Dear, you are safer in a sunken city with Scrooge McDuck than you are locked in a vault in Fort Knox. No more lies, and you can go with him wherever you like.
Scrooge: Now Donald don't...
Donald: Stop, I admit I'm a little overprotective.
Louie: a little?
Donald: No matter what I do these boys will get into trouble so maybe you can teach them how to get out of trouble.
Huey: Uncle Donald?
Donald: It might be okay if the boys see you every once in a while.
Donald: Some times like birthdays, or federal holidays, nothing too...
Dewey: ooh, I may have left the engine running in the houseboat.
Scrooge: I may have a dozen or so spare bedrooms in the mansion.
all: yay: Roxanne Featherly: There you have it. Reclusive adventure capitalist Scrooge McDuck is back with family in tow solving mysteries and rewriting history.
Donald and Launchpad lower the houseboat into the pool.
Donald: Little to the left, no no no!
Launchpad: Did i do it good?
Everybody is cleaning out the garage. Dewey notices another figure in the pirate painting.
Dewey: Mom?