Rarity says: "Was that the Pony Post?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "Oh, it's just you, Opal."
Rarity says: "Ohhh..."
Rarity says: "Every other day he's here like clockwork!"
Rarity says: "Not today!"
Rarity says: "What could possibly be holding him up?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Strawberry cinnamon cilantro salutations!"
Rarity says: "What?"
Pinkie Pie says: "What indeed."
Pinkie Pie says: "I bet you're wondering what warrants such a welcome!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Well, that welcome is warranted by a pony that whisked up a warm batch of strawberry cinnamon cilantro cupcakes!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ugh."
Pinkie Pie says: "So I came here to offer you some!"
Rarity says: "After that visually descriptive and disturbing endorsement, I'll pass."
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, I almost forgot!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I have this letter for you, Rarity!"
Pinkie Pie says: "The post pony was going to deliver it, but after a strawberry cinnamon cilantro cupcake, he was feeling kinda queasy."
Pinkie Pie says: "And since I was heading over anyway, I figured I could do it for him!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Here you go!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What's it say?"
Rarity says: "I got it!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Woo-hoo!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Got what?"
Rarity says: "Oh, I have been holding out for the perfect location, and it finally became available!"
Rarity says: "So now I can fulfill my dream of opening a boutique in Canterlot!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whoo!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm so excited, I think I'm gonna lose my cupcakes!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity's such a savvy businesspony."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm so impressed she used the huge bonus she earned making the costumes for Sapphire Shores' Equestria-wide tour to open this second boutique!"
Rarity says: "I take it from your reaction that you like the boutique?"
Fluttershy says: "It's lovely."
Applejack says: "Gosh, Rarity."
Applejack says: "I know hard work when I see it, and it looks like you worked your hooves to the nub!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I don't know."
Pinkie Pie says: "Those hooves don't look nubby."
Pinkie Pie says: "They look scrubbied and buffied and pedied!"
Rarity says: "Well, despite my 'nubby scrubby buffy pony pedi, I actually have been working very hard!"
Rarity says: "However, I never could have gotten the boutique ready for the grand opening without the help of my new manager Sassy Saddles!"
Sassy Saddles says: "Bust my buttons, Rarity!"
Sassy Saddles says: "The ponies from Ponyville!"
Rarity says: "I knew I needed a manager for Canterlot Carousel, so when Sassy showed me her resumé and I saw that she worked in all of the finest boutiques in Canterlot, I hired her right on the spot!"
Sassy Saddles says: "I then laid out this plan, or "pattern" as we say in the fashion biz, for Canterlot Carousel so that Rarity's boutique will be a guaranteed success and those doors will never, ever, ever close!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wow, Sassy."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Your attention to detail is truly impressive."
Sassy Saddles says: "I've already put a pin in the first piece of the pattern—"
Sassy Saddles says: "Beautify the Boutique!"
Sassy Saddles says: "But next was the very crucial pattern piece—"
Sassy Saddles says: "Marketing to the Mares!"
Sassy Saddles says: "Turns out that everypony here loves royalty!"
Rarity says: "So I created a collection that beautifully revolves around the royal element of Canterlot!"
Sassy Saddles says: "And it just so happens there's a hot new princess in Equestria!"
Rarity says: "In every poll Sassy Saddles took, you were the most popular princess!"
Rarity says: "Coincidentally, one of my gowns is inspired by the window in Canterlot Castle commemorating your coronation!"
Rarity says: "While I've always prided myself on paying attention to detail, I've taken my latest collection to a whole new level with "Rarity's Rules of TLC"!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Judging by this baby, TLC stands for Tasty Liquorice Candy!"
Rarity says: "TLC stands for 'Time, Love, and Couture'."
Rarity says: "And while I do agree that this dress has potential, I've not had enough time to give it enough love to become couture."
Rarity says: "But the rest of the gowns in tonight's line have met Rarity's Rules and are ready to be presented!"
Sassy Saddles says: "My marketing research also confirmed that customers that viewed somepony famous wearing a gown wish to own that gown for themselves."
Sassy Saddles says: "I call this piece of the pattern Celebrity Status!"
Rarity says: "So, Twilight, we were wondering if perhaps you might possibly wear this tonight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "If being a princess and wearing that dress can help your boutique in any way, then I say stick a pin in it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's done."
Sassy Saddles says: "Alright, everypony!"
Sassy Saddles says: "Let's set the stage!"
Rarity says: "Ever since I was a little filly, all I've ever wanted was to own a boutique here in Canterlot."
Rarity says: "Somepony pinch me!"
Rarity says: "I'm about to open the doors to that very boutique!"
Sassy Saddles says: "Welcome to the grand opening of Canterlot Carousel!"
Sassy Saddles says: "Oh, hello!"
Sassy Saddles says: "Oh, nice to see you!"
Sassy Saddles says: "Welcome, welcome!"
Sassy Saddles says: "Oh, I'm so happy to..."
Applejack says: "That Sassy totally stepped on your hooves, Rarity."
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, no!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Did she mess up that nice pony pedi?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Okay."
Pinkie Pie says: "Phew!"
Rarity says: "Oh, I don't think she meant to."
Sassy Saddles says: "Rarity, are you ready to reveal the collection?"
Applejack says: "Is she sure she doesn't wanna do it herself?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah."
Rarity says: "Yes, I am."
Rarity says: "Fluttershy, could you help Twilight get ready?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, certainly."
Rarity says: "Fillies and gentlecolts!"
Rarity says: "I am designer and couturier Rarity, I'd like to welcome you—"
Rarity says: "again—"
Rarity says: "to the grand opening of Canterlot Carousel, and I'm thrilled that you are here to see my newest collection inspired by this regal city!"
BGM starts.
Fashion Plate says: "Rarity, I'm—"
Rarity says: "Fashion Plate of Cosmare magazine!"
Rarity says: "I'm so honored that Cosmare was able to do a piece on the grand opening of my boutique!"
Fashion Plate says: "Well, when Sassy Saddles calls, saying she's found the latest and greatest in fashion, we hightail without fail!"
Fashion Plate says: "Now tell me all about your latest collection!"
Rarity says: "Oh, uh, it's called "Rarity's Royal Regalia"."
Fashion Plate says: "Royally radiant!"
Rarity says: "My favorite part of being a designer is finding my inspiration, and that really wasn't difficult when it came to Canterlot."
Rarity says: "Everywhere I looked, the royal city just spoke to me!"
Rarity says: "I call it "In-spire-ation"."
Fashion Plate says: "Genius!"
Fashion Plate says: "Simply genius!"
Rarity says: "I spent hours by the lily pond on the castle grounds, which inspired this gown—"
Rarity says: ""Water Filly"!"
Fashion Plate says: "Oh, the whimsy!"
Rarity says: "Watching Celestia raise the sun each morning literally lit up my day..."
Rarity says: "This is "Tripping the Light"."
Fashion Plate says: "Fantastic!"
Rarity says: "And of course, Luna raising the moon guided me to sleep."
Rarity says: "I call this "Over the Moon"!"
Fashion Plate says: "Well, I certainly am!"
Rarity says: "And for our finale, I have something very special."
Rarity says: "I was inspired by the stained glass window created in honor of Princess Twilight..."
Rarity says: "I call this "The Reign in Stain"!"
Fashion Plate says: "Because the dress is inspired by the—"
Fashion Plate says: "—"
Rarity says: "—"
Fashion Plate says: "stained glass window of a reigning princess!"
Rarity says: "stained glass window of a reigning princess!"
Rarity says: "Yes!"
Sassy Saddles says: "Oh, well, I think "The Reign in Stain" is too difficult to explain!"
Sassy Saddles says: "Especially for the signature piece of a collection?"
Rarity says: "But I rather like the—"
Sassy Saddles says: "Fillies and gentlecolts, I, Sassy Saddles, am pleased to introduce the grand finale of the grand opening of Rarity's Royal Regalia – the "Princess Dress"!"
Fashion Plate says: "Success!"
Sassy Saddles says: "Everypony, please follow me and you can all place your orders for the Princess Dress!"
Fashion Plate says: "Rarity, I want to be the first pony to congratulate you!"
Fashion Plate says: "The Princess Dress has just guaranteed Canterlot Carousel's success!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yeah!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity's Royal Regalia is amazing!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And everypony seemed to love the Princess Dress!"
Sassy Saddles says: "You bet your saddle they did."
Sassy Saddles says: "Rarity now has one hundred orders for her signature gown!"
Rarity says: "One hundred orders?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "All at one time?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Sassy Saddles says: "According to my pattern, the next piece is The Success of the Signature Dress, so I do not see the problem!"
Applejack says: "Uh..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Cupcake?"
Rarity says: "First of all, Sassy Saddles, I would have appreciated getting to name the final gown from my collection myself."
Sassy Saddles says: "My research shows that your "Reign in Stain" name was a play on words that was both very confusing and quite unappealing."
Rarity says: "While I see your point, we should have discussed it prior to the grand opening, Sassy."
Sassy Saddles says: "My only goal is for Canterlot Carousel to succeed."
Sassy Saddles says: "That's why I changed the name, and that is why I took all those orders for the Princess Dress."
Rarity says: "it's just too much too soon!"
Sassy Saddles says: "Are you actually saying we should..."
Sassy Saddles says: "cancel these orders?!"
Sassy Saddles says: "!"
Rarity says: "Wha..."
Rarity says: "But..."
Rarity says: "Uh, n-no, Sassy."
Rarity says: "Promises were made, and I shall sew my very best to provide each and every pony a Princess Dress full of TLC."
Sassy Saddles says: "Oh, thank you, Rarity, thank you!"
Sassy Saddles says: "Oh, satin and silk, Rarity, are you sure you don't want your friends to help you make the dresses?"
Rarity says: "No, Sassy."
Rarity says: "These orders are my responsibility."
Rarity says: "All I have to do is stick to my plan so I can deliver each and every Princess Dress in keeping with my Rules of Rarity!"
Rarity.
The rules of Rarity, guaranteed quality.
This I can assure.
For each and every dress.
I vow to give finesse.
With time, love, and couture.
My favorite moment's when a pony sees it.
That special gown that she just adores.
That pony's now in style.
My hard work's all worthwhile.
Oh, yes, it makes my heart.
My heart just soar.
Rarity.
The rules of Rarity, just a parody.
No dress here's unique.
The panels all the same.
Each colored windowpane.
I fashion only makes me want to shriek!
Oh, to create would give me elation.
To feel once again some inspiration.
Come on now, Rarity.
Give me some clarity.
Time for your couture love to rule.
The rules of Rarity, extra TLC.
This feels more sublime.
Soon now, they will see how good these can be.
With a little extra shine.
The rules of Rarity, guaranteed quality.
All can see it's true.
These new gems add such flair.
Their beauty can't compare.
This old style suddenly gleams anew.
Rarity says: "Is that the customer who ordered this Princess Dress?"
Sassy Saddles says: "I'll take care of her."
Sassy Saddles says: "You keep working."
Rarity says: "Uh, actually, I'd love to see her reaction to this particular dress."
Sassy Saddles says: "Paisley and poplin, Rarity, look at all the orders you still have to finish, and you want to take a break?"
Sassy Saddles says: "Now?"
Rarity says: "Well, it's just I made some really lovely changes to this dress—"
Sassy Saddles says: "You did what?!"
Sassy Saddles says: "!"
Sassy Saddles says: "But every Princess Dress is supposed to be exactly the same!"
Rarity says: "Yes yes I know, but these gems just spoke to me, and—"
Sassy Saddles says: "Fine."
Sassy Saddles says: "Go see her reaction."
Rarity says: "Hello, and welcome to Canterlot Carousel!"
Rarity says: "I am so pleased to present to you your—"
"Cayenne" says: "Princess Dress!"
"Cayenne" says: "Finally!"
"Cayenne" says: "I've been simply desperate to get this ever since I saw Princess Twilight wearing it on your—"
"Cayenne" says: "..."
"Cayenne" says: "Wait a minute."
"Cayenne" says: "There's something different."
Rarity says: "Well as an artiste, I did take the liberty to change a few minor details."
Rarity says: "I, eheh, I saw these gems glistening in the light, and they just spoke to me."
Rarity says: "Aren't they lovely?"
Rarity says: "And so unique!"
"Cayenne" says: "They're..."
"Cayenne" says: "fine."
"Cayenne" says: "But they're not what I ordered, are they?"
Rarity says: "Uh, no."
Rarity says: "No, they're not."
"Cayenne" says: "I want the dress to be exactly like the one Princess Twilight wore."
"Cayenne" says: "Understand?"
Rarity says: "Yes..."
Rarity says: "Y-Yes, of course."
Rarity.
The rules of Rarity.
Once stood for something.
But now it feels just like some factory.
Now every dress I make.
With every flaw and mistake.
Oh, how it makes my heart.
My heart just break.
Sassy Saddles says: "Raving rick-rack, Rarity!"
Sassy Saddles says: "You made two hundred Princess Dresses!"
Rarity says: "Yes."
Rarity says: "Isn't it spectacular?"
Sassy Saddles says: "And I have a special surprise for you!"
Sassy Saddles says: "The latest issue of Cosmare magazine just hit the stands!"
Rarity says: ""Canterlot's newest rising star"?"
Sassy Saddles says: "And in the hour since the magazine's come out, we've gotten another hundred new orders for the Princess Dress!"
Rarity says: "One..."
Rarity says: "hundred more..."
Rarity says: "Princess Dresses?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "I'm the Cosmare cover pony..."
Rarity says: "I have the most successful shop in Canterlot..."
Rarity says: "I've gotten everything I ever wanted..."
Rarity says: "but I'm miserable!"
Sassy Saddles says: "How could you possibly be miserable?"
Sassy Saddles says: "My pattern is perfect!"
Sassy Saddles says: "Cosmare Cover Pony – done!"
Sassy Saddles says: "You have your signature gown, the Princess Dress of Success!"
Rarity says: "I don't want to make another hundred Princess Dresses!"
Sassy Saddles says: "I have a piece for that!"
Sassy Saddles says: "Assemble the Assembly Line!"
Sassy Saddles says: "You'll never have to sew again!"
Rarity says: "What?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "No!"
Sassy Saddles says: "Yes!"
Sassy Saddles says: "Then the Canterlot Carousel never closes!"
Sassy Saddles says: "And Sassy Saddles' boutique succeeds!"
Rarity says: "Stop!"
Rarity says: "This is not your boutique!"
Rarity says: "And if this is what success in Canterlot looks like, I want no part of it!"
Rarity says: "Now, make up flyers for a going-out-of-business sale!"
Rarity says: "I'm closing Canterlot Carousel!"
Sassy Saddles says: "What?!"
Sassy Saddles says: "!"
Sassy Saddles says: "No!"
Sassy Saddles says: "Oh, you can't, Rarity!"
Sassy Saddles says: "I-I've worked too hard to make this a success!"
Sassy Saddles says: "I can't be a part of another failed boutique!"
Rarity says: "Seems Sassy Saddles isn't rushing to open the door this time."
Rarity says: "Hm."
Rarity says: "Welcome to the going-out-of-business sale of Canterlot Carousel."
Pretzel says: "Hey, is this Princess Dress on sale?"
Rarity says: "Oh, no, I'm sorry, the Princess Dress has been discontinued."
Rarity says: "But there are plenty of other lovely dresses on sale today."
"Moonlight Raven" says: "Whoa."
"Moonlight Raven" says: "This dress completely speaks to my soul."
"Moonlight Raven" says: "Can I try it on?"
Rarity says: "Certainly."
Rarity says: "The dressing area is right back there."
"Sunshine Smiles" says: "This is the most amazing of amazing dresses!"
"Sunshine Smiles" says: "Just looking at it brightens my day!"
Rarity says: "And I'm sure you'll feel even brighter once you try it on!"
"North Point" says: "Do you still have this In-spire-ation dress that's in the new issue of Cosmare?"
Rarity says: "Oh, yes, I do."
Rarity says: "It's-It's right here."
"North Point" says: "Bats in the belfry!"
"North Point" says: "I have to try it on!"
"Moonlight Raven" says: "Whoa."
"Moonlight Raven" says: "This dress makes me feel like a princess."
"Sunshine Smiles" says: "And this dress makes me feel like a princess!"
"Citrus Blush" says: "This gown is quite beautiful, but it totally clashes with my complexion."
Rarity says: "Hmmm."
Rarity says: "Perhaps you'd be even more taken with this one."
Rarity says: "It was inspired by the fountain in the Canterlot Castle garden."
Rarity says: "I call it the "Fountain of Truth"!"
"Citrus Blush" says: "It's exactly what I've been dreaming of!"
Rarity says: "Oh!"
Rarity says: "Well, then I'll finish it, and the gown shall be yours!"
Rarity says: "How can I have forgotten?"
Rarity says: "This is what I've been dreaming about!"
Rarity.
My favorite moment's when a pony sees it.
That special gown that she just adores.
That pony's now in style.
My hard work's all worthwhile.
Oh, yes, it makes my heart.
My heart just soar!
Rarity says: "Attention, everypony!"
Rarity says: "Canterlot Carousel will not be closing!"
"Moonlight Raven" says: "But this stuff's still on sale, right?"
Rarity says: "Yes, yes, of course."
Sassy Saddles says: "Oh, Rarity, I'm so sorry."
Sassy Saddles says: "I focused on that one dress, and the rest of Rarity's Royal Regalia paid the price."
Rarity says: "Well, so did the Princess Dress."
Rarity says: "The more I sold, the more each dress lost its time, love, and couture, becoming terrible, lackluster, and common."
Sassy Saddles says: "I think I finally understand the Rules of Rarity..."
Sassy Saddles says: "and will apply them at my next job."
Rarity says: "I beg your pardon?"
Rarity says: "The Rules of Rarity are only to be applied at Canterlot Carousel!"
Rarity says: "Which is why you must continue to manage the boutique while I'm in Ponyville."
Sassy Saddles says: "Ponyville?"
Rarity says: "Well, yes, I'll come to Canterlot with new designs and to see the customers of course, but Ponyville was always going to be my home base."
Sassy Saddles says: "Bobbins and bodkins, Rarity!"
Sassy Saddles says: "Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you!"
Sassy Saddles says: "And I promise to run everything following your rules."
Rarity says: "I would expect nothing less."
"Whoa Nelly" says: "Oh, my gosh, a sale!"
"Whoa Nelly" says: "Do you have the Princess Dress?!"
"Whoa Nelly" says: "!"
Rarity says: "No!"
Sassy Saddles says: "No!"