Applejack says: "Has anypony heard from Pinkie Pie since yesterday?"
Rest of main cast says: "Nuh-uh."
Rainbow Dash says: "I don't see what's so important we had to meet her here this early."
Rainbow Dash says: "Celestia hasn't even raised the sun yet!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I hope everything's okay."
Pinkie Pie says: "Thank goodness you're all here!"
Pinkie Pie says: "There's no time to lose!"
Rarity says: "Whoa!"
Fluttershy says: "Ooh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey- whoa!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Careful!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What is all this?"
Pinkie Pie says: "My sister Maud's gonna be here soon, and I need your help taste-testing my rock candy recipes!"
Applejack says: "Uh, we're happy to help you, Pinkie Pie, but this seems like an awful lot of candy."
Rarity says: "Even for you."
Pinkie Pie says: "I may have gone a teensy bit overboard."
Pinkie Pie says: "Everypony ready for more?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh."
Rainbow Dash says: "My teeth hurt."
Applejack says: "I think we've had plenty."
Applejack says: "And shouldn't you be on your way to pick up Maud from the train station?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, but you've only tried half of the flavors, and we have to choose the perfect ones before she gets here so I have time to make more!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maud is your sister."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sure she'll love your rock candy."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And I'm pretty sure you've made enough."
Twilight Sparkle says: "She's only staying for the week."
Pinkie Pie says: "Aw, it's not just for Maud, silly."
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm making candy for all of us!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's part of a very important, super-duper special tradition that only the closest and bestest of friends can share."
Pinkie Pie says: "We're going to make rock candy necklaces together!"
Applejack says: "Aw, what a great tradition."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hold on."
Rainbow Dash says: "The secret ingredient is rocks?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yeah."
Pinkie Pie says: "But these are a special kind of rock that Maud discovered."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, what kind of a rock are they?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Can't tell ya that, silly!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Now that Maud is heading out to get her rocktorate in rock science, this may be our last chance to trade them for a really long time."
Pinkie Pie says: "I can't wait for you all to meet her."
Pinkie Pie says: "I just know that my best Ponyville friends and my best sister friend are gonna become bestest friends!"
Pinkie Pie says: "We can make bestest-est friend rock candy necklaces together!"
Pinkie Pie says: "She expresses herself through fashion just like Rarity, and she's really smart and loves reading just like Twilight!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And she's honest, and loves forest things, and is good at games, and..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Well, oh, she's awesome!"
Rarity says: "She sounds amazing, but won't she start worrying if you aren't at the train station when she gets here?"
Pinkie Pie says: "She sure will."
Pinkie Pie says: "I gotta get out of here!"
Tank's gyrocopter buzzing.
Fluttershy says: "I sure hope Maud has an appetite."
Applejack says: "Never met a pony or critter who didn't love Granny Smith's apple spiced muffins!"
Rarity says: "Oh, it's no use!"
Rarity says: "I simply cannot find anything suitable to wear!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I doubt she'll notice what anypony's wearing, so what's the big deal?"
Rarity says: "The big deal is that it will be very difficult to show Maud what a strong fashion presence we have in Ponyville if the most fashion-forward pony here can't keep her hat from falling apart!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think we're all a little nervous about Maud's visit."
Twilight Sparkle says: "She's Pinkie Pie's sister, and it's obvious Pinkie really wants us to hit it off."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Being able to make those rock candy necklaces together is really important to her."
Pinkie Pie says: "We're heeeere!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Where's Maud?"
Pinkie Pie says: "She's coming!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "you sure?"
Pinkie Pie says: "She's not quite as fast as me."
Pinkie Pie says: "I asked Gummy to stay with her in case she got lost!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Is she even moving?"
Pinkie Pie says: "We're over here, Maud!"
Maud Pie says: "Hm."
Maud Pie says: "Sedimentary."
Rainbow Dash says: "Huh?"
Maud Pie says: "This is a sedimentary rock."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "really fascinating, isn't it, girls?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're just so thrilled you could come for a visit before your big trip."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie Pie has told us so much about you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm Twilight, and this is Applejack, Fluttershy, Rainbow Dash, and Rarity."
Fluttershy says: "We're ever so glad to meet you."
Applejack says: "We're just gonna have the best time!"
Rarity says: "Pinkie Pie tells me you share my love for fashion."
Maud Pie says: "I'm really into expressing myself through my wardrobe."
Rarity says: "A-and what is the delightful frock you're wearing now saying?"
Maud Pie says: "It doesn't talk."
Maud Pie says: "It's a dress."
Rarity says: "Oh, yes, of course, I, I just meant, the frock is, just..."
Applejack says: "Uh, so this here's Winona."
Applejack says: "That's Owlowiscious, Tank, Opal, and Angel."
Applejack says: "Pinkie Pie told us you have a pet, too."
Maud Pie says: "He's in my pocket."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, you have a pocket pet?"
Fluttershy says: "Like a tiny mouse?"
Fluttershy says: "Or a baby bird?"
Fluttershy says: "Or a trained butterfly?"
Maud Pie says: "It's a rock."
Maud Pie says: "His name is Boulder."
Pinkie Pie says: "This is going to be the best, most awesome, funnest week ever!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I can't wait for us all to become bestest friends!"
Applejack says: "Maud?"
Applejack says: "Would you like to try one of Granny Smith's famous apple spiced muffins?"
Applejack says: "Oh, uh, heh, that's not– Um..."
Maud Pie says: "It's crunchy."
Pinkie Pie says: "Maud's right!"
Pinkie Pie says: "They are crunchy!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yum!"
Rainbow Dash says: "So, uh, Pinkie Pie tells us you like games."
Maud Pie says: "Boulder and I sometimes play a game called 'Camouflage'."
Maud Pie says: "It's kind of like hide and seek but way more intense."
Rainbow Dash says: "Awesome?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Any luck?"
Fluttershy says: "I truly wish I'd spent more time with Boulder, because I'm having a very hard time remembering what he looks like."
Applejack says: "It's like looking for a pebble in a haystack."
Rarity says: "More like in a pile of pebbles."
Applejack says: "Well, you don't have to make it even harder."
Rarity says: "Ugh!"
Rarity says: "I give up!"
Rarity says: "this is impossible!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It'll hurt Maud's feelings if we all stop playing."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Besides, look how much fun Pinkie Pie's having."
Pinkie Pie says: "Is this him?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Is this him?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Is this him?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Is this him?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just a little longer, okay?"
Applejack says: "Uh, alright, fine..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Really?"
Maud Pie says: "Found him."
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Where was he?"
Maud Pie says: "He was hiding in my pocket."
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, come on!"
Tank's gyrocopter creaking.
Fluttershy says: "I don't mean to interrupt, but we really should get these little critters home."
Fluttershy says: "It's getting awfully late, and they've had a very busy day."
Pinkie Pie says: "Maud and I had better get going too."
Pinkie Pie says: "I want her to taste the rock candy we're gonna use for our best friends necklaces!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Aw, yeah!"
Applejack says: "She sure is..."
Applejack says: "different from what I expected."
Rainbow Dash says: "We spent all day digging in the dirt, and he was in her pocket the whole time?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "On the bright side, Boulder seemed really sweet."
Rainbow Dash says: "He's a rock!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come on, girls."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sure Maud was just nervous about meeting all of us."
Applejack says: "Maybe she was just acting a little 'off' because she was shy or somethin'."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Exactly."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It must be awfully intimidating to meet all of us at once, especially since we're already such good friends."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe if we spend some time with her one-on-one to try to get to know her better, I'm sure we'll be making those best friend rock candy necklaces in no time."
Rarity says: "Where shall we start?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Choices, choices, choices!"
Rarity says: "..."
Maud Pie says: "I like this one."
Rarity says: "Pinkie Pie didn't tell us you were so funny!"
Maud Pie says: "What do you mean?"
Rarity says: "Oh, well, it's just..."
Rarity says: "I believe that is a dishtowel."
Rarity says: "B-b-but it does go very well with your complexion."
Rarity says: "I'm sure I could work my magic and turn it into something fabulous."
Pinkie Pie says: "Rarity and my sister working together to design something amazing!"
Pinkie Pie says: "This is the best day ever!"
Rarity says: "Perhaps I could sew all of these together and make you something you'd like."
Maud Pie says: "No thanks."
Maud Pie says: "One is enough."
Pinkie Pie says: "Doesn't Maud make the coolest scarves?"
Rarity says: "Quite..."
Fluttershy says: "Hello there, Hummingway."
Fluttershy says: "I'm ever so happy to see you."
Pinkie Pie says: "What's he saying?"
Fluttershy says: "He says hello, and he's happy to see us too."
Pinkie Pie says: "I wish I could speak hummingbird."
Pinkie Pie says: "Humm!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hum-m-m-m-m, hum!"
Fluttershy says: "These spiders only live in Ponyville, and even though they may look a teeny bit scary, they're actually very sweet and help keep other, more dangerous insects away!"
Maud Pie says: "I was looking at the rock."
Fluttershy says: "Oh."
Pinkie Pie says: "Thanks again, Fluttershy!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Start thinking about which flavors you want to put on your best friend rock candy necklace!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh gosh."
Fluttershy says: "I'm not sure we're even friends yet."
Pinkie Pie says: "Maud is a total bookworm."
Pinkie Pie says: "She loves poetry!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've got lots of poetry."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Do you read anything by Quilland Ink?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Or Flourish Prose?"
Maud Pie says: "I prefer to read my own poetry."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, I'd love to hear some of it!"
Rock.
You are a rock.
Gray.
You are gray.
Like a rock.
Which you are.
Rock.
I've written thousands.
Pinkie Pie says: "She's so prolific!"
Maud Pie says: "This next one is about rocks."
Maud Pie says: "They're all about rocks."
Rocks; these are my rocks.
Sediments says: "make me sedimental."
Smooth and round, asleep in the ground.
Shades of brown and gray...
Applejack says: "You 'bout done peelin' them apples for the cider, Maud?"
Maud Pie says: "I think this one is done."
Applejack says: "Oh, uh, yep."
Applejack says: "That's a very interestin' method you got there."
Maud Pie says: "Should I peel another?"
Applejack says: "No!"
Applejack says: "I mean, nah."
Applejack says: "I'm sure there's plenty apples in it already."
Pinkie Pie says: "Can we taste it now?"
Applejack says: "Sure, why not?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Wow!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That's the best apple cider I've ever had!"
Applejack says: "What do you think, Maud?"
Maud Pie says: "It tastes like apples."
Pinkie Pie says: "Told you she was super honest, just like you!"
Applejack says: "We're practically twins, heh."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Let's see you beat that!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Whooaa!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That was amazing!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa."
Rainbow Dash says: "How'd you do that?"
Maud Pie says: "I threw it."
Rainbow Dash says: "I guess you won this one, Maud."
Maud Pie says: "I'm not really into..."
Maud Pie says: "'winning'."
Pinkie Pie says: "Great, you're all here!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Maud is out looking for rocks, so this is the perfect time for us to set up everything we'll need to make our best friend rock candy necklaces!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What's wrong?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, I'm not sure it's the best time to make best friend rock candy necklaces."
Pinkie Pie says: "Why not?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh..."
Rarity says: "Well, darling, you see..."
Fluttershy says: "You're ever so thoughtful to share your special bonding ritual with us, but, uh..."
Pinkie Pie says: "But what?"
Applejack says: "The truth is, we've all been tryin' real hard to get closer to Maud, but, well..."
Applejack says: "maybe some ponies just don't click the way others do."
Applejack says: "We just wouldn't feel right makin' somethin' that means we're best friends if, well, we aren't."
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh."
Pinkie Pie says: "Okay."
Pinkie Pie says: "If anypony needs me, I'll be in here trying to figure out what to do with two hundred pounds of rock candy."
Rarity says: "I feel awful!"
Rarity says: "Just awful..."
Fluttershy says: "Maybe we should have just pretended we were friends with Maud."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If we didn't tell Pinkie Pie that we hadn't all become the best of friends, I think Maud would have."
Rainbow Dash says: "Maybe, but who really knows?"
Rainbow Dash says: "That pony is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an igneous."
Rarity says: "Don't you mean "inside an enigma"?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Nope."
Rainbow Dash says: "I mean igneous."
Rainbow Dash says: "It's a kind of rock."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ask me how I know that."
Pinkie Pie says: "I've come up with just the thing to bring everypony closer together!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I call it "Pinkie-Rainbow-Rari-Twi-Apple-Flutter-Maud Fun Time"!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Huh?"
Pinkie Pie says: "It combines everypony's interests into one giant activity that we can all enjoy together and that will totally bring all of my bestest friends together as bestestest friends!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You'll need these."
Rainbow Dash says: "Like I said: Huh?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Probably better for me to show you."
Pinkie Pie says: "Watch this!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Applesauce tunnel for Applejack, pretty shiny stuff for Rarity, reading material for Twilight, critter time for Fluttershy..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Cupcakes for yours truly..."
Pinkie Pie says: "and it's a race for Rainbow Dash!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie Pie, what is that?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "A rock slide, of course!"
Pinkie Pie says: "For Maud!"
Pinkie Pie says: "First you climb, then you slide!"
Applejack says: "I've got a bad feeling about this..."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, goodness!"
Applejack says: "Watch out!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Huh?"
Rainbow Dash says: "What– how– what?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Maud Pie says: "Pinkie Pie, what were you thinking?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I guess I wasn't."
Maud Pie says: "I know how important it is to you that your friends become my friends, but I just don't think it's going to happen."
Maud Pie says: "I think it would be best if I just go back to the rock farm and spend the rest of the week there."
Maud Pie says: "It was nice to meet you all."
Maud Pie says: "Makes me happy knowing Pinkie Pie has such good friends."
Pinkie Pie says: "But..."
Pinkie Pie says: "we never even got to make our rock candy necklaces..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Wait, Maud!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'll come with you!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't believe Maud cut her trip short."
Rarity says: "I can't believe we nearly lost Pinkie Pie to that ridiculous obstacle course."
Fluttershy says: "Thank goodness Maud was able to reach her in time."
Rainbow Dash says: "Did you see how fast Maud moved?"
Rarity says: "And the way she smashed that huge rock into dust?"
Rarity says: "How in Equestria did she do that?"
Fluttershy says: "Pinkie Pie was in trouble!"
Fluttershy says: "Maud would move mountains for her if she had to."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think I finally realized what we all have in common with Maud!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Something that just might be worthy of a very important super-duper special tradition that only the closest and bestest of friends can share!"
Maud Pie says: "Thank you for coming with me."
Maud Pie says: "I don't know how long I'll be gone on my rock research trip."
Maud Pie says: "I'm glad I still get to spend some time with you before I go."
Pinkie Pie says: "Me too."
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm sorry I put so much pressure on everypony to bond."
Pinkie Pie says: "I only wanted my friends to get to know my amazing older sister."
Pinkie Pie says: "What are you doing here?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie Pie, we're so sorry we hurt your feelings by not bonding with Maud right away."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And Maud, we're sorry that you felt the only way to spare Pinkie Pie's feelings was to leave Ponyville early."
Rest of main cast says: "Mm-hm."
Applejack says: "We've seen how much you care about Pinkie Pie firsthoof."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie Pie's happiness means as much to us as it does to you, and we're sorry we couldn't see it sooner."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The thing that makes us click and creates a special bond between us is how much we all love Pinkie Pie!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Aw, shucks!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's a pretty great thing to have in common, if you ask me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What do you think, Maud?"
Maud Pie says: "Sure."
Pinkie Pie says: "What's wrong?"
Rarity says: "Sorry, darling."
Rarity says: "I think we all just thought she'd be a bit more excited about this."
Pinkie Pie says: "Are you kidding me?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I've never seen her more excited in my entire life!"
Maud Pie says: "I don't know if you've noticed, but I don't show my enthusiasm for things quite in the same way my sister does."
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, we noticed."
Rainbow Dash says: "And we're totally cool with it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maud, we'd like to give you something to take on your trip, so that you remember all your friends from Ponyville."
Maud Pie says: "Thank you."
Pinkie Pie says: "Try not to eat all the candy before you leave!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are those all the necklaces Pinkie Pie sent you?"
Maud Pie says: "Mm-hm."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You haven't eaten any of them?"
Maud Pie says: "I don't really like candy."
Maud Pie says: "But I do love Pinkie Pie."
Pinkie Pie says: "Mmm!"