Apple Bloom says: "Aren't you glad y'all came with me to see Applejack compete in the Appleloosa rodeo?"
Scootaloo says: "Totally!"
Scootaloo says: "This place is a cutie mark gold mine!"
Scootaloo says: "There's barrel racing..."
Scootaloo says: "..."
Scootaloo says: "roping contests, rodeo clowning..."
Scootaloo says: "..."
Scootaloo says: "steeplechase..."
Scootaloo says: "!"
Apple Bloom says: "If we can get into some of these events, we could all three walk off the train back in Ponyville with brand spankin' new cutie marks!"
Scootaloo says: "Wouldn't a barrel look good here?"
Apple Bloom says: "I want a lasso!"
Sweetie Belle says: "I don't know..."
Sweetie Belle says: "All these events look a little, well, dangerous."
Apple Bloom says: "No risk, no reward."
Sheriff Silverstar says: "Alright, everypony, listen up!"
Sheriff Silverstar says: "We need a big presence at this here rodeo, so make yourself plenty seen!"
Sheriff Silverstar says: "I want that low-down varmint to know we mean business!"
Sweetie Belle says: "I hope nothing bad is going on."
Apple Bloom says: "A cutie mark-apalooza and a low-down varmint?"
Apple Bloom says: "This is shapin' up to be the most excitin' rodeo ever!"
Scootaloo says: "Yeah, come on!"
Western harmonica riff.
Braeburn says: "Woo-hoo!"
Braeburn says: "Yee-haw!"
Braeburn says: "That's my cousin!"
Braeburn says: "Go, Applejack, go!"
Applejack says: "Whew!"
Applejack says: "It's been a dog's age since I got to compete."
Applejack says: "All the rodeos 'round Ponyville are closed down for some reason."
Braeburn says: "Well, I guess havin' injured kinfolk in Appleloosa sure paid off then, huh, cuz?"
Applejack says: "Just doin' my best to fill your horseshoes, Braeburn."
Braeburn says: "Keep tossin' like that and I'll be out of a job!"
Braeburn says: "Ow, ow!"
Applejack says: "Ooh, sorry."
Applejack says: "Say, where's my sister and her friends?"
Braeburn says: "Uh-oh."
Braeburn says: "Gee, uh, I guess I got so caught up watchin' you that I—"
Applejack says: "You said you'd keep an eye on those fillies!"
Applejack says: "How am I supposed to focus on practicin' if you're not gonna—"
Braeburn says: "There they are!"
Braeburn says: "Heh, right where I left 'em..."
Braeburn says: "Aw, don't be mad!"
Braeburn says: "Owwwwch!"
Braeburn says: "My foreleg!"
Braeburn says: "Hurts so much..."
Braeburn says: "!"
Applejack says: "Y'all can't go runnin' off like that, y'hear?"
Applejack says: "Backstage at a rodeo ain't no kind of playground!"
Apple Bloom says: "Sorry, Applejack."
Apple Bloom says: "We won't wander off again."
Apple Bloom says: "But, uh, speakin' of the rodeo..."
Apple Bloom says: "what would you say about me and the Crusaders maybe competin' in one teensy-weensy little event or three?"
Braeburn says: "Look out!"
Applejack says: "What the hay just happened?"
Braeburn says: "You fillies alright?"
Apple Bloom says: "Uh-huh..."
Scootaloo says: "Uh-huh..."
Sweetie Belle says: "Yeah..."
Sheriff Silverstar says: "Sugar and salt licks!"
Sheriff Silverstar says: "Well, I'll be..."
Applejack says: "What is it, Sheriff?"
Braeburn says: "Is it him?"
Sheriff Silverstar says: "Ain't no doubt."
Sheriff Silverstar says: "It's Trouble Shoes."
Townspony 1 says: "Is it true?"
Townspony 1 says: "Is Trouble Shoes here?"
Townspony 2 says: "You ain't gonna shut down the rodeo, are ya?!"
Townspony 2 says: "!"
Sheriff Silverstar says: "All right now, I called for a meetin', not a mob scene."
Sheriff Silverstar says: "Now, as many of you know, the Equestria rodeo circuit has been plagued by the dirty dealin's of a notorious outlaw."
Townspony 3 says: "He knocked barrels every which way at the Hoof City rodeo!"
Townspony 3 says: "Nearly crushed my Aunt Bae Mare!"
Townspony 4 says: "That's nothin'!"
Townspony 4 says: "He sabotaged the steer pen at Pinto Creek rodeo, settin' off such a stampede they cancelled the whole dadgum thing!"
Sheriff Silverstar says: "Now, now, it's true we had an incident this mornin' at our own Appleloosa rodeo."
Sheriff Silverstar says: "Hay bale stack came down right near on top of three little fillies!"
Sheriff Silverstar says: "I examined them hoof-prints myself and, uh..."
Sheriff Silverstar says: "it was Trouble Shoes, all right."
Sheriff Silverstar says: "I reckon I oughta cancel this rodeo like all the others done."
Sheriff Silverstar says: "But dag-hoof it, this has gone far enough!"
Sheriff Silverstar says: "We'll double the patrols!"
Sheriff Silverstar says: "This rodeo will go on!"
Sheriff Silverstar says: "Appleloosa ain't gonna be intimidated!"
Apple Bloom says: "Glad that's settled."
Apple Bloom says: "So, uh, Applejack, about me and my pals competin' in the rodeo..."
Apple Bloom says: "Don't send us home!"
Apple Bloom says: "It's not fair!"
Applejack says: "Now, quit yer bellyachin'."
Applejack says: "I can't have y'all around here with some outlaw on the loose."
Applejack says: "Aw, maybe I oughta call it quits and go home too."
Braeburn says: "No, you can't!"
Braeburn says: "This rodeo is important to Appleloosa!"
Braeburn says: "And with you in there, we got a real shot at winnin'!"
Braeburn says: "Come on, now, you head on back to practice and don't worry none about these three."
Braeburn says: "I won't let 'em outta my sight."
Braeburn says: "Ya hear?"
Braeburn says: "Y'all ain't leavin' my sight!"
Sweetie Belle says: "I thought we weren't going to wander off again."
Apple Bloom says: "This ain't wanderin'."
Apple Bloom says: "We know exactly where we're headed – to find Trouble Shoes!"
Sweetie Belle says: "But isn't he a dangerous criminal?"
Apple Bloom says: "We only need to find him."
Apple Bloom says: "We don't need to capture him."
Apple Bloom says: "The sheriff can handle that!"
Scootaloo says: "And once he's in jail, we'll be competing!"
Scootaloo says: "And then it's..."
Apple Bloom says: "Cutie mark city!"
Scootaloo says: "Cutie mark city!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Worst idea ever."
Apple Bloom says: "It's another giant hoof print!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Do either of you have any idea where we are?"
Scootaloo says: "Uh, maybe we should head back and try again later."
Apple Bloom says: "C'mon, before we lose the trail!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Come on, we've gone far enough!"
Sweetie Belle says: "It's time to go back!"
Scootaloo says: "The rain is only getting worse, Apple Bloom!"
Scootaloo says: "Let's come back tomorrow."
Apple Bloom says: "Maybe y'all are right."
Apple Bloom says: "So, how do we get back?"
Sweetie Belle says: "You mean you don't know?!"
Sweetie Belle says: "!"
Applejack says: "Whew!"
Applejack says: "Good job, y'all."
Applejack says: "I know they need lots of mud for the rodeo tomorrow, but I wish they would've warned us about this rainstorm."
Applejack says: "Braeburn?"
Applejack says: "Where are the girls?"
Applejack says: "What?!"
Applejack says: "!"
Sheriff Silverstar says: "Ha!"
Sheriff Silverstar says: "Fish my wish!"
Star Spur says: "Aw!"
Senior Deputy says: "Dagnabbit!"
Applejack says: "Sheriff Silverstar!"
Applejack says: "You gotta help!"
Applejack says: "My sister's gone!"
Applejack says: "And her friends too!"
Braeburn says: "I've searched and searched, but no sign of 'em anywhere!"
Applejack says: "It must've been Trouble Shoes!"
Sheriff Silverstar says: "Now, now, hold on there."
Sheriff Silverstar says: "Trouble Shoes done a lot of bad things in his day, but nothin' like that!"
Applejack says: "You really wanna take that chance?"
Sheriff Silverstar says: "Come on, y'all!"
Sheriff Silverstar says: "Let's ride!"
Sweetie Belle says: "You sure about this, Scootaloo?"
Scootaloo says: "I thought I was, but now I'm not."
Apple Bloom says: "So I pretty much got us completely and totally lost."
Apple Bloom says: "How could this get any worse?"
Apple Bloom says: "We gotta get out of this rain."
Apple Bloom says: "There's no tellin' how long this storm could last."
Scootaloo says: "Look!"
Apple Bloom says: "It looks abandoned."
Apple Bloom says: "Let's go see if we can find some blankets or somethin'."
Apple Bloom says: "Hello?"
Apple Bloom says: "You alright?"
Trouble Shoes says: "Surely."
Apple Bloom says: "We didn't mean no harm."
Apple Bloom says: "We just came in to get out of the rain."
Trouble Shoes says: "Had some hot cider a-cookin' in the kitchen."
Trouble Shoes says: "Doubt it survived."
Trouble Shoes says: "I ain't gonna rise to greet y'all."
Trouble Shoes says: "Awfully rude, I reckon, but as you can see, I'm the fresh casualty of an unusually unfortunate circumstance."
Trouble Shoes says: "My lot in life, I suppose."
Apple Bloom says: "Are you..."
Apple Bloom says: "Trouble Shoes?"
Trouble Shoes says: "That's me."
Scootaloo says: "W-what are you doing?"
Apple Bloom says: "I'm gonna unwrap him."
Sweetie Belle says: "You can't do that!"
Sweetie Belle says: "That's Trouble Shoes!"
Apple Bloom says: "Aw, he don't seem so bad."
Trouble Shoes says: "Of course guests would arrive while I ain't got no pie to offer."
Trouble Shoes says: "Scores more misfortune points for old Trouble Shoes."
Trouble Shoes says: "Wh-whooaaa!"
Trouble Shoes says: "Typical."
Trouble Shoes says: "Bad luck never rests."
Apple Bloom says: "You sure that's bad luck?"
Apple Bloom says: "Seems like maybe you're just a little, um..."
Sweetie Belle says: "Klutzy?"
Trouble Shoes says: "Tell that to the flank!"
Trouble Shoes says: "Upside-down horseshoe – bad luck."
Trouble Shoes says: "Follows me wherever I go like sour on old milk."
Trouble Shoes says: "Y'all best vamoose before my bad luck rubs off and sticks to y'all."
Trouble Shoes says: "Get along!"
Trouble Shoes says: "Skedaddle!"
Trouble Shoes says: "Am-scray!"
Scootaloo says: "Um, we don't really know the way back to Appleloosa..."
Trouble Shoes says: "But o' course I do."
Trouble Shoes says: "Wouldn't you know it?"
Trouble Shoes says: "My lucky day."
Sweetie Belle says: "It's actually kind of sweet of him to help us out like this."
Scootaloo says: "I know!"
Scootaloo says: "What do we do if he takes us back to Appleloosa and the sheriff arrests him?"
Scootaloo says: "If I get a cutie mark for that, I'll feel guilty every time I see it."
Apple Bloom says: "Say there, Trouble Shoes, you might not want to take us all the way back to Appleloosa."
Apple Bloom says: "The sheriff sort of has it in his mind that you're a no-good outlaw lookin' to shut down the rodeo."
Trouble Shoes says: "My kind of luck he'd think that."
Apple Bloom says: "But..."
Apple Bloom says: "is it true?"
Trouble Shoes says: "Y'all like stories?"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "Mm-hmm!"
Trouble Shoes says: "Just my luck."
Trouble Shoes says: "I was hopin' you'd say no."
Trouble Shoes says: "When I was a colt, I wanted to be a rodeo star somethin' fierce, but I just didn't seem to have the knack for it."
Young Trouble Shoes says: "Whoooa!"
Young Trouble Shoes says: "Awww!"
Trouble Shoes says: "I practiced and practiced..."
Young Trouble Shoes says: "Whoooa-oof!"
Trouble Shoes says: "And finally, I wrangled up the guts to audition for rodeo school."
Trouble Shoes says: "Right in the middle of that tryout, I knew I was doin' what I was meant to."
Trouble Shoes says: "And wouldn't you know it?"
Trouble Shoes says: "In a flash comes this here cutie mark."
Trouble Shoes says: "I can still remember them judges a-laughin'."
Trouble Shoes says: "Didn't even finish my routine 'cause right then I knew bad luck was my fate."
Trouble Shoes says: "That fire for rodeo never did leave me, though."
Trouble Shoes says: "Couldn't keep away from 'em."
Trouble Shoes says: "So I'd sneak down and have a look, and wouldn't you know it?"
Trouble Shoes says: "Bad luck would strike again."
Trouble Shoes says: "Just my lot in life, I reckon..."
Sweetie Belle says: "Poor Trouble Shoes."
Sweetie Belle says: "I can't believe those mean judges would laugh at him like that."
Apple Bloom says: "Don't you see?"
Apple Bloom says: "They weren't laughin' at him."
Apple Bloom says: "They were just enjoyin' the show."
Scootaloo says: "What are you saying?"
Apple Bloom says: "Think about it."
Apple Bloom says: "If we saw a rodeo clown doin' what he did back in that shack, we'd think he was the greatest!"
Sweetie Belle says: "You're right!"
Sweetie Belle says: "He could still be in rodeos, just not the way he thought!"
Scootaloo says: "So he's been looking at his cutie mark wrong the whole time!"
Scootaloo says: "It's not bad luck, it's—"
Sheriff Silverstar says: "Gotcha!"
Trouble Shoes says: "Just my luck."
Sheriff Silverstar says: "Trouble Shoes, you're under arrest for vandalizin' the property and peace of mind of the good rodeo-lovin' ponies of Equestria!"
Sheriff Silverstar says: "Not to mention fillynappin'!"
Sheriff Silverstar says: "And..."
Sheriff Silverstar says: "generalized mayhem!"
Apple Bloom says: "Wait!"
Applejack says: "Braeburn?"
Applejack says: "Get these fillies someplace safe."
Apple Bloom says: "Wait, no!"
Apple Bloom says: "Listen, Applejack!"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "No!"
Apple Bloom says: "But Trouble Shoes isn't the menace everypony thinks!"
Applejack says: "Sakes alive, what's with you?"
Applejack says: "Why in tarnation would you want me to help get him out of jail when he's the one who ran off with y'all to begin with?!"
Applejack says: "!"
Applejack says: "Now if y'all excuse me, I'm off to win the Appleloosa rodeo hay bale monster stack."
Apple Bloom says: "Um, Applejack?"
Trouble Shoes says: "Well, at least I get me a view of one small corner of the rodeo."
Trouble Shoes says: "Figures."
Sheriff Silverstar says: "Aw, come on now, Trouble Shoes!"
Sheriff Silverstar says: "I'm runnin' out of mattresses!"
Apple Bloom says: "Come on, sheriff!"
Apple Bloom says: "You're about to miss the hay bale monster stack!"
Sheriff Silverstar says: "Jiminy, that's startin' already?!"
Sheriff Silverstar says: "!"
Apple Bloom says: "Let's go, Trouble Shoes!"
Apple Bloom says: "This here's a jailbreak!"
Trouble Shoes says: "Ain't no need."
Trouble Shoes says: "Can hear the rodeo just fine from this vantage."
Scootaloo says: "But we've got a plan to help you live your dream!"
Trouble Shoes says: "Listen, y'all, I'm a known criminal."
Trouble Shoes says: "How you proposin' on gettin' me into a rodeo?"
Apple Bloom says: "Go, Applejack!"
Scootaloo says: "You can do it!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Woo-hoo!"
Trouble Shoes says: "Well, how do I look?"
Trouble Shoes says: "Come on now, stack them bales!"
Trouble Shoes says: "Woo-hoo!"
Apple Bloom says: "That's my sister!"
Apple Bloom says: "'Kay now, Trouble Shoes, you're on!"
Trouble Shoes says: "Say what?!"
Trouble Shoes says: "!"
Trouble Shoes says: "I may be dressed like one, but I ain't no rodeo clown."
Apple Bloom says: "You got your cutie mark all wrong, Trouble Shoes!"
Apple Bloom says: "You were born to entertain!"
Apple Bloom says: "You've got a gift for makin' folks laugh, don't you?"
Trouble Shoes says: "But my cutie mark's an upside-down horseshoe, and that means bad luck."
Sweetie Belle says: "That all depends on how you look at it."
Apple Bloom says: "You always wanted to be a part of the rodeo, right?"
Apple Bloom says: "Well, now's your chance."
Apple Bloom says: "Go on!"
Trouble Shoes says: "Whoa!"
Applejack says: "There y'all are!"
Applejack says: "How 'bout your big sis, huh?"
Apple Bloom says: "Yeah, way to go."
Applejack says: "Since when are y'all so into rodeo clowns?"
Trouble Shoes says: "Just leave me be, cutie mark!"
Trouble Shoes says: "I aim to clear that there hoop!"
Applejack says: "That's the best rodeo clown I ever seen!"
Crowd says: "Trouble Shoes!"
Applejack says: "What the hay?!"
Applejack says: "!"
Female Townspony #1 says: "He escaped from jail!"
Male Townspony #1 says: "Ruinin' another rodeo!"
Female Townspony #2 says: "Let's get him!"
Apple Bloom says: "Wait, y'all!"
Apple Bloom says: "He ain't what you think he is!"
Sheriff Silverstar says: "Stand aside, young'uns!"
Sheriff Silverstar says: "This one's goin' back to jail."
Sweetie Belle says: "But he never wanted to ruin any rodeos!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Those were just bad accidents!"
Applejack says: "Sweetie Belle, what are you talkin' about?"
Scootaloo says: "Trouble Shoes has a gift for making ponies laugh!"
Scootaloo says: "He's maybe the best rodeo clown I've ever seen!"
Judge says: "That's true!"
Judge says: "He is awful funny."
Apple Bloom says: "He thought his cutie mark was telling him to keep away from rodeos, but deep inside he knew it's where he was meant to be."
Apple Bloom says: "He just didn't know how to do it."
Trouble Shoes says: "What she says is true."
Trouble Shoes says: "This here entertainin' y'all with my klutzin'?"
Trouble Shoes says: "That's what I was supposed to be doin'."
Trouble Shoes says: "I know it now."
Trouble Shoes says: "I didn't mean no harm, honest!"
Trouble Shoes says: "I just ain't never loved nothin' like I love the rodeo, so I kept on sneakin' back and makin' a big old mess of things."
Trouble Shoes says: "Turns out I was just a-lookin' at my cutie mark all wrong."
Sheriff Silverstar says: "That may be so, Trouble Shoes, but you still gotta face charges for the problems you've caused!"
Trouble Shoes says: "If I done wrong, I'll see to it that I take my medicine and square my accounts."
Sheriff Silverstar says: "Truth be told, we could understand all the trouble with the rodeos, but why'd you have to run off with these here little'uns last night?"
Apple Bloom says: "Uh, yeah, about that..."
Apple Bloom says: "You really want us to clean up all this mess Trouble Shoes made?"
Applejack says: "Maybe it'll teach you not to go wanderin' off after I say not to!"
Apple Bloom says: "Ugh."
Apple Bloom says: "Ain't it bad enough that you get to go back to Ponyville with a shiny trophy, and all we're bringing back is these same old blank flanks?"
Applejack says: "Y'all helped Trouble Shoes realize what his cutie mark really means."
Applejack says: "Ain't that a nice feelin' you can take back with you?"
Sweetie Belle says: "I guess we did make things a little better."
Scootaloo says: "It does feel kinda nice."
Apple Bloom says: "So..."
Apple Bloom says: "we can stop now?"
Applejack says: "Nnope."