Applejack says: "Well, that's the last of it, Filthy Rich."
Filthy Rich says: "Just Rich, please."
Filthy Rich says: "And on behalf of Rich's Barnyard Bargains, thanks for another season's shipment of zap apple jam."
Applejack says: "Our pleasure."
Applejack says: "See ya next time."
Applejack says: "Uh, Apple Bloom, did you pack up the cider into the same crates as the zap apple jam?"
Apple Bloom says: "Sure did!"
Apple Bloom says: "Now that I'm gettin' older, I wanna prove I can handle more responsibility on the farm."
Applejack says: "But the crates aren't marked."
Applejack says: "You kept track of what went into which crate, right?"
Apple Bloom says: "Oh."
Apple Bloom says: "Um..."
Apple Bloom says: "y-yep."
Apple Bloom says: "I totally kept track of everything."
Applejack says: "Good."
Applejack says: "Because we wouldn't want Filthy Rich to get a shipment of cider when he's supposed to get zap apple jam."
Applejack says: "You know how Granny feels about sellin' cider anywhere but on the farm."
Applejack says: "Are you sure he got the right crates?"
Apple Bloom says: "Sure I'm sure!"
Apple Bloom says: "Now why don't you and Big Mac head on out to the house and let me finish up here?"
Applejack says: "If you gave Rich the zap apple jam, then what's this here?"
Apple Bloom says: "Um..."
Apple Bloom says: "extra?"
Big McIntosh says: "Nnnope."
Filthy Rich says: "Granny knows I-I wasn't tryin' to make off with a shipment of cider, right?"
Filthy Rich says: "Because I would never do that."
Applejack says: "Don't worry."
Applejack says: "We know exactly whose fault it was."
Applejack says: "Now why in tarnation would you lie to me, Apple Bloom?"
Apple Bloom says: "I was kinda hopin' I could fix it before anypony found out."
Applejack says: "Tellin' lies won't fix anythin'."
Applejack says: "Trust me."
Applejack says: "I know."
Apple Bloom says: "What could you possibly know about it?"
Apple Bloom says: "You've never told a lie in your whole life!"
Apple Bloom says: "What's so funny?"
Granny Smith says: "Oh-ho, sugarcube."
Granny Smith says: "Your big sister lied so much when she was a filly, the whole family ended up in the hospital."
Apple Bloom says: "What?!"
Apple Bloom says: "!"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup!"
Applejack says: "You might as well tell her the whole story."
Applejack says: "Might even do her some good."
Granny Smith says: "When Applejack and Big Mac were just a wee bit older than you are now, they both kept a-squabblin' over who would run the farm better."
Young Applejack says: "All I'm sayin' is that you may have plenty of brawn, but I'm the one with the ideas on how to run things better around here!"
Young Big McIntosh says: "Applejack, Applejack, Applejack, ideas are all well and good, but you can't plow a field with 'em."
Young Big McIntosh says: "I don't know how many times I've told you that."
Young Applejack says: "Too many!"
Granny Smith says: "You two horned toads better stop jabberin' and get to workin'!"
Granny Smith says: "Yeah, they'd better."
Granny Smith says: "I need you to go to town."
Granny Smith says: "The apple blight's been awful, and if we don't get more spray, cider season'll be shorter than a dwarf crabapple tree!"
Young Big McIntosh says: "It's like I was just tellin' Cousin Braeburn last week."
Young Big McIntosh says: "Now there's a pony who knows how to put his back into a problem..."
Young Applejack says: "Oh, hey there, Filthy Rich!"
Filthy Rich says: "Just Rich, please."
Filthy Rich says: "And I'd you to meet my fiancée, Spoiled Milk."
Filthy Rich says: "Honey, this is Applejack and Big Mac, the two hardest workin' ponies at Sweet Apple Acres."
Spoiled Milk says: "You work on a farm?"
Spoiled Milk says: "How..."
Spoiled Milk says: "quaint."
Filthy Rich says: "Oh, now, dear, be nice."
Filthy Rich says: "Sweet Apple Acres makes zap apple jam."
Filthy Rich says: "It's one of Dad's best-sellers."
Spoiled Milk says: "You mean one of your best-sellers."
Spoiled Milk says: "My amazing husband-to-be is running the Rich family business now."
Spoiled Milk says: "Did you know that?"
Spoiled Milk says: "Well, now you do."
Filthy Rich says: "Don't mind Spoiled Milk."
Filthy Rich says: "She's just proud of me."
Filthy Rich says: "Uh, but she's right."
Filthy Rich says: "I'm in charge of the store now, and I'm just burstin' with ideas I wanna try!"
Young Applejack says: "Like what?"
Filthy Rich says: "Well, how 'bout this?"
Filthy Rich says: "Cider season's around the corner."
Filthy Rich says: "Why not let me sell it for ya?"
Young Applejack says: "That is an interesting idea."
Young Big McIntosh says: "Well, maybe it's interestin', an' maybe it ain't."
Young Big McIntosh says: "But it's definitely not a new idea."
Young Big McIntosh says: "Granny Smith told us your grandpa, Stinkin' Rich, used to ask her every year if he could sell our cider in your store, and Granny told him every year about the tradition of everypony in Ponyville linin' up out at Sweet Apple Acres."
Filthy Rich says: "So start a new tradition."
Filthy Rich says: "Some day, one o' y'all will take over the farm just like I've taken over the store."
Filthy Rich says: "I'm guessin' it'll the one with the best ideas."
Young Big McIntosh says: "Well, now, as I've said many a time before, ideas are all well an' good, but you can't plow a field—"
Young Applejack says: "Ya know what?"
Young Applejack says: "How 'bout we give you three barrels of cider early, and if it sells well, we'll make a deal for the rest?"
Filthy Rich says: "Oh, hey, now!"
Filthy Rich says: "Perfect!"
Filthy Rich says: "Come on, honey."
Filthy Rich says: "I've gotta get everything ready."
Young Applejack says: "Hoo-wee!"
Young Applejack says: "I tell ya, if the future means me runnin' Sweet Apple Acres and you bein' quiet, I can't wait!"
Young Big McIntosh says: "I just can't believe you'd make a deal with Filthy Rich without even talkin' to Granny!"
Young Applejack says: "Aw, Granny will love the idea."
Young Applejack says: "And then she'll decide that I'm the one who should take over the farm."
Young Applejack says: "You'll see."
Granny Smith says: "See what?"
Young Big McIntosh says: "Applejack here had another one of her "big ideas", and I think we all know my position on ideas."
Young Big McIntosh says: "You can't—"
Granny Smith says: ""Can't plow a field with 'em."
Young Applejack says: ""Can't plow a field with 'em."
Young Big McIntosh says: "Ee..."
Young Big McIntosh says: "right."
Granny Smith says: "Big idea, hmmm?"
Young Applejack says: "Actually, more of an opportunity."
Young Applejack says: "Y'see, we ran into Filthy Rich in town."
Young Applejack says: "Did ya know he's runnin' the family store now?"
Granny Smith says: "And what does this here "opportunity" mean for Sweet Apple Acres?"
Young Applejack says: "Well, uh, since cider season is almost here, he—"
Young Applejack says: "or, I-I mean, I—"
Young Applejack says: "thought it'd be a good idea to give him a few barrels of cider to sell at the store before the season starts."
Granny Smith says: "Oh, is that all?"
Granny Smith says: "Absolutely not!"
Young Applejack says: "But, Granny, why can't we sell a few barrels o' cider early to Filthy Rich?"
Young Applejack says: "And how is it any different than when you gave zap apple jam to Filthy's grandpappy to sell?"
Granny Smith says: "Your cider and your jam ain't the same thing!"
Granny Smith says: "Zap apple jam jars preserve the flavor for moons, but cider starts to spoil the second it comes out the press."
Granny Smith says: "That is why every cider season, all of Ponyville lines up at Sweet Apple Acres."
Granny Smith says: "And first come is first served!"
Granny Smith says: "Hmph!"
Young Applejack says: "I get what you're sayin', Granny."
Young Applejack says: "But couldn't you make an exception just this once?"
Young Applejack says: "I sort of promised."
Granny Smith says: "Mm, meh-enh."
Granny Smith says: "Besides, cider-makin' is iffy business."
Granny Smith says: "And we're probably not gonna have a lot this year anyway, what with all the blight."
Granny Smith says: "I am sorry, Applejack, but you's just gonna have to un-promise."
Young Applejack says: "Oh."
Young Big McIntosh says: "I hate to say I told you so, Applejack, but—"
Young Applejack says: "You an' I both know you don't hate to say anythin'."
Young Big McIntosh says: "Well, I've always thought that the most important thing a pony can do is say exactly what's on his mind to anypony who'll listen, so everypony everywhere always knows everythin' they're thinkin', and—"
Young Applejack says: "And you don't ever have to listen to anypony else."
Young Big McIntosh says: "What?"
Young Applejack says: "Exactly."
Filthy Rich says: "Well, if it ain't my new business partner!"
Young Applejack says: "Uh, about the cider, Rich..."
Filthy Rich says: "Take a look at what I did last night after we made our deal!"
Filthy Rich says: "Whoo!"
Filthy Rich says: "Ha!"
Filthy Rich says: "Pretty great, huh?"
Young Applejack says: "The thing is, I-I don't think I can get you any."
Filthy Rich says: "What?"
Filthy Rich says: "Well, I did all this work on your say-so!"
Filthy Rich says: "We shook hooves and everything!"
Young Big McIntosh says: "Well, you see, at Sweet Apple Acres, we've always been about quality, and while your basic jam jar'll keep—"
Young Applejack says: "Plus it's been a tough harvest this year, what with all the blight."
Filthy Rich says: "Gah!"
Filthy Rich says: "Sounds to me like you're tryin' to make excuses!"
Filthy Rich says: "Whenever Granddad dealt with Granny Smith, she kept her word!"
Filthy Rich says: "If you can't do that, then maybe our families should stop doin' business together!"
Filthy Rich says: "Altogether!"
Young Big McIntosh says: "Now, now, the thing is, Rich, it ain't really up to us."
Young Big McIntosh says: "Y'see, Granny's—"
Young Applejack says: "Uh, sick!"
Filthy Rich says: "Wait, Granny's sick?"
Filthy Rich says: "I-I had no idea."
Young Big McIntosh says: "Ee..."
Young Big McIntosh says: "yeah."
Young Big McIntosh says: "Nopony did."
Young Applejack says: "Uh, what Big Mac means is, uh, we've been tryin' to keep it quiet."
Young Applejack says: "Don't want people to make rash decisions about doin' business with Sweet Apple Acres just because we're, uh, a little short-hooved at the moment."
Filthy Rich says: "Oh, my!"
Filthy Rich says: "O-Of course, of course!"
Filthy Rich says: "I am so sorry."
Filthy Rich says: "Please let me know if there's anything I can do."
Young Applejack says: "Much appreciated."
Young Applejack says: "But right now, we-we only ask for your understandin' during this difficult time."
Filthy Rich says: "Mm-hmm."
Young Big McIntosh says: "You were supposed to tell Rich the simple truth!"
Young Big McIntosh says: "But instead, you made things worse with a giant lie!"
Young Applejack says: "W-W-What was I supposed to do?"
Young Applejack says: "You heard Rich."
Young Applejack says: "If I told him the truth, he was gonna stop doin' business with us altogether."
Young Big McIntosh says: "Yeah, but that's only because I..."
Young Big McIntosh says: "I forgot to ask if we had any oat crumbles for this delicious-lookin' salad, Granny."
Young Big McIntosh says: "That was only because you made promises you couldn't keep!"
Young Big McIntosh says: "But there's gotta be a better way out of this mess than by makin' up some story about Granny bein' sick!"
Young Applejack says: "Well, it worked, didn't it?"
Filthy Rich says: "Sorry to drop by unannounced."
Filthy Rich says: "We just wanted to come by to wish Granny a speedy recovery."
Young Big McIntosh says: "Look, sis."
Young Big McIntosh says: "Our good friend, Mr."
Young Big McIntosh says: "Rich and his fiancée..."
Young Big McIntosh says: "are here."
Young Big McIntosh says: "Oh, and they brought flowers!"
Young Big McIntosh says: "For Granny!"
Young Big McIntosh says: "On account o' she's sick!"
Young Big McIntosh says: "Like you said."
Young Big McIntosh says: "Ain't that sweet?"
Young Applejack says: "Uh, excuse me one second!"
Granny Smith says: "Aah!"
Granny Smith says: "Golly, what in tarnation?"
Young Applejack says: "Oh, I'm sorry, Granny."
Young Applejack says: "I-I didn't see ya there."
Granny Smith says: "Ya came blastin' in so fast, t'weren't possible to see nothin'!"
Young Applejack says: "Can you go out to the barn?"
Young Applejack says: "I, uh, I think I might've left a blight sprayer in the orchard."
Granny Smith says: "Are you outta yer apple-pickin' mind?!"
Granny Smith says: "!"
Granny Smith says: "It's suppertime, girl!"
Young Applejack says: "I know, but, uh, if we forgot a sprayer, I'd wanna get it before dark."
Young Applejack says: "You go start countin', a—"
Young Applejack says: "and I'll tell Big Mac we'll be right back, okay?"
Young Big McIntosh says: "..."
Young Big McIntosh says: "so from that moment on, I took to referrin' to myself as Big or Large or..."
Filthy Rich says: "Oh, Applejack!"
Filthy Rich says: "Your brother was just explainin' why he always wears his yoke."
Spoiled Milk says: "Even though we asked him how your grandmare is doing!"
Young Applejack says: "Oh, well, you know how Big Mac can get to..."
Young Applejack says: "to talkin', especially when he's upset."
Young Applejack says: "And right now, he's just as worried about Granny Smith as I am."
Filthy Rich says: "Oh, dear."
Filthy Rich says: "Is she doin' that bad?"
Young Applejack says: "Well, one thing's for sure, she..."
Young Applejack says: "she shouldn't be seein' anypony right now."
Young Applejack says: "In fact, I'm gettin' more upset just thinkin' about it."
Young Applejack says: "Excuse me."
Granny Smith says: "D'oh!"
Granny Smith says: "What in the frilly fumidil has gotten into you?!"
Granny Smith says: "!"
Young Applejack says: "Sorry, Granny."
Young Applejack says: "I just decided if I helped you, it would go faster."
Granny Smith says: "Well, you're too late."
Granny Smith says: "All the sprayers are here."
Young Applejack says: "Oh, good."
Young Applejack says: "Uh, say, Granny, when did you first fight the apple blight again?"
Granny Smith says: "It was my second year here in Ponyville."
Granny Smith says: "Uh, they was before I had the rick on the one knee."
Young Big McIntosh says: "..."
Young Big McIntosh says: "and others say that's how the trees got to growin' so tall."
Young Big McIntosh says: "But to me, it's just how I got my cutie mark!"
Spoiled Milk says: "But we asked when we could come back to see Granny."
Young Applejack says: "Uh, Big Mac didn't wanna be rude, but you just can't see Granny right now, because she's..."
Young Applejack says: "got apple blight!"
Filthy Rich says: "I thought only trees got the blight!"
Young Applejack says: "Yeah, that's usually the case."
Young Applejack says: "Y'see, we had to take Granny to Ponyville General."
Young Applejack says: "We just got back right before you showed up."
Filthy Rich says: "Oh, my."
Filthy Rich says: "That is terrible!"
Spoiled Milk says: "Ew!"
Spoiled Milk says: "It's not contagious, is it?"
Young Applejack says: "Um, I'm sure you'll be fine, but you should leave..."
Young Applejack says: "..."
Young Applejack says: "just in case."
Filthy Rich says: "You're right."
Filthy Rich says: "We're gonna have to hurry if we wanna get there before visitin' hours are over."
Young Applejack says: "That's right."
Young Applejack says: "Wait."
Young Applejack says: "Get where?"
Filthy Rich says: "Why, the hospital, of course."
Filthy Rich says: "I'm sure we'll see you there."
Young Big McIntosh says: "Tellin' Filthy Rich that Granny's in the hospital just made everythin' a hundred times worse!"
Young Big McIntosh says: "What are we supposed to do now?"
Young Applejack says: "I got it!"
Granny Smith says: "Dropped my second best teeth right in the pigpen, and that was the worst case of apple blight I have ever seen!"
Young Applejack says: "I'd love to hear more, Granny, but we gotta get to the hospital right away!"
Granny Smith says: "The hospital?"
Granny Smith says: "Why?"
Granny Smith says: "Who's sick?"
Young Big McIntosh says: "You are, apparently."
Young Applejack says: "What he means is you're needed at the hospital."
Granny Smith says: "Heh."
Granny Smith says: "Whatever for?"
Young Applejack says: "It's the apple blight!"
Young Applejack says: "It's startin' to infect ponies now!"
Young Applejack says: "The doctors need an expert opinion, and nopony knows more about fightin' blight than Granny Smith!"
Granny Smith says: "Well, what in tarnation are we waitin' for?"
Granny Smith says: "Let's go!"
Young Applejack says: "You know, we're supposed to go in, uh, in the back!"
Young Applejack says: "Uh, to avoid anypony in the waitin' room with the blight."
Young Applejack says: "Oops!"
Young Applejack says: "I almost forgot!"
Young Big McIntosh says: "Hrk!"
Young Applejack says: "This is perfect!"
Young Applejack says: "Now you don't have to worry about catchin' the blight."
Granny Smith says: "If you say so, dearie."
Young Applejack says: "Now you wait right here while I, uh..."
Young Applejack says: "check on your presentation!"
Granny Smith says: "What in the rotten rhubarb is goin' on here?"
Young Applejack says: "Fancy meetin' you two here!"
Spoiled Milk says: "Well, we told you we were coming."
Filthy Rich says: "Well, I'm glad we found you, because I can't seem to find Granny's room or any nurses who've even heard about a pony with apple blight."
Young Applejack says: "Granny's room."
Young Applejack says: "Sure!"
Young Applejack says: "Just go down here, take a left, then a right, go down some stairs, up a bunch more stairs, uh, through the cafeteria, left three more times, and then you're there!"
Young Applejack says: "Easy as Granny's apple pie!"
Filthy Rich says: "Uh, aren't you comin' with us?"
Young Applejack says: "Uh, I'll catch up!"
Young Applejack says: "I gotta find Big Mac!"
Young Applejack says: "Okay, Granny, just wait here one second and we can go."
Granny Smith says: "Where are you two going?"
Young Applejack says: "Big Mac can't come!"
Young Applejack says: "He, uh, might be contagious!"
Young Big McIntosh says: "Contagious?!"
Granny Smith says: "Contagious?!"
Young Big McIntosh says: "!"
Granny Smith says: "!"
Young Applejack says: "All right, climb up here and I'll cover you up."
Young Applejack says: "Then I'll bring Rich in, tell him you're Granny, but you're not allowed to take the sheets off."
Young Applejack says: "You moan a few times, he leaves, and this whole thing is over."
Young Big McIntosh says: "This is spinnin' way out of control, Applejack!"
Young Big McIntosh says: "Now I know you thought sellin' cider in Filthy's store was a good idea, but it ain't worth lyin' to him about Granny bein' sick and needin' to go to the hospital, or fibbin' to Granny about them wantin' her come here to talk about the blight, or—"
Young Applejack says: "Big McIntosh, please just listen to me for once!"
Young Applejack says: "This ain't about my ideas."
Young Applejack says: "If Rich finds out about all the lies, he'll cut off ties with us and the farm'll go under!"
Young Applejack says: "Now do you want that to happen, or do you wanna help?"
Young Big McIntosh says: "Why can't you be Granny?"
Young Big McIntosh says: "You're her size, and this is all your fault in the first place."
Young Applejack says: "I would, but if I let you do the talkin', you'd just ramble on and on until we all got caught!"
Young Applejack says: "Just lay down, keep still, and promise me you won't say anythin' for once in your life!"
Young Big McIntosh says: "Eeeeyup."
Young Applejack says: "Granny!"
Young Applejack says: "Granny!"
Granny Smith says: "It's about time!"
Granny Smith says: "What is goin' on around here?!"
Granny Smith says: "!"
Young Applejack says: "Uh, Granny, they need you to wait here!"
Young Applejack says: "I'll come get ya!"
Filthy Rich says: "There you are!"
Filthy Rich says: "We've been going in circles looking for Granny's room!"
Young Applejack says: "Well, you're in luck, 'cause it's-it's right over here, and this time I'll make sure you don't get lost."
Young Applejack says: "What in the dadgum—"
Young Applejack says: "?!"
Young Applejack says: "!"
Spoiled Milk says: "What now?"
Young Applejack says: "He– I mean, she was right here!"
Young Applejack says: "Oh, no."
Young Applejack says: "We gotta go!"
Spoiled Milk says: "I-Is that Granny Smith?"
Filthy Rich says: "Where are they takin' her?"
Young Applejack says: "You two, don't lose that gurney!"
Young Applejack says: "Granny, what are you doin'?"
Young Applejack says: "You were supposed to stay there!"
Granny Smith says: "It was a supply closet!"
Young Applejack says: "Oh."
Young Applejack says: "Uh..."
Young Applejack says: "Well, okay, come with me, but be quiet!"
Young Applejack says: "You know, save your voice for the big presentation!"
"Hippocratic Oath" says: "I-I-I'm sorry, but you can't get any closer without a gown and mask."
Young Applejack says: "But-but-but-but that's my brother on there!"
"Hippocratic Oath" says: "Don't worry."
"Hippocratic Oath" says: "This is our best doctor."
"Hippocratic Oath" says: "She'll have your brother back on his hooves in no time."
Granny Smith says: "Now apple blight is a serious disease!"
"Doctor Spring Bud" says: "Did she say..."
"Doctor Spring Bud" says: "apple blight?"
"Open Heart" says: "I think she said "gasket mites"."
Granny Smith says: "And once your trunk turns red like this, the only thing to do is prune the branches."
Filthy Rich says: "Oh, no!"
Filthy Rich says: "Granny!"
"Open Heart" says: "Did you say..."
"Open Heart" says: ""prune them branches"?"
Granny Smith says: "Well, sure!"
Granny Smith says: "What else you gonna do once the blight gets this bad?"
Young Applejack says: "Everypony, just stop!"
Young Applejack says: "This is all a big misunderstandin'!"
Young Applejack says: "Actually..."
Young Applejack says: "it's a big lie."
Granny Smith says: "Big Mac?!"
Granny Smith says: "!"
Filthy Rich says: "Granny Smith?!"
Filthy Rich says: "!"
Filthy Rich says: "What is goin' on here, Applejack?!"
Filthy Rich says: "!"
Granny Smith says: "That is a darn good question."
Young Applejack says: "I'm not sure if I was worried that nopony was listenin' to my ideas or just nervous that I wouldn't be the one to end up runnin' the farm, but..."
Young Applejack says: "I promised somethin' to Filthy Rich that I couldn't deliver, and I was too embarrassed to admit it."
Filthy Rich says: "So Granny was never sick?"
Granny Smith says: "And there ain't no apple blighted ponies?"
Young Big McIntosh says: "Nnnope."
Young Applejack says: "Those were all lies."
Young Applejack says: "A-And I thought if you found out, you'd stop doin' business with the farm."
Young Applejack says: "So I just kept tellin' more."
"Hippocratic Oath" says: "So she's not a doctor?"
Young Applejack says: "Please don't make Granny and the farm suffer for what I did!"
Young Applejack says: "This whole thing is my fault."
Young Big McIntosh says: "That's..."
Young Big McIntosh says: "not entirely true."
Young Big McIntosh says: "Maybe if I paid more attention to what you had to say instead of talkin' all the time, none o' this would've happened in the first place."
Young Big McIntosh says: "I just need to..."
Young Big McIntosh says: "talk less and listen more."
Young Big McIntosh says: "Especially to you."
Young Applejack says: "Thanks, big brother."
Young Applejack says: "And whether it's me runnin' Sweet Apple Acres or you, I know it'll be in good hooves."
Granny Smith says: "Well, that's nice, but I don't know what in blazes you two are talkin' about!"
Granny Smith says: "I ain't goin' anywhere anytime soon!"
Granny Smith says: "And don't you go gettin' any ideas about cuttin' ties with Sweet Apple Acres, or I'm goin' right to your grandpappy."
Granny Smith says: "Get me?"
Filthy Rich says: "Um, yes, ma'am."
Granny Smith says: "Now, who here still wants to hear about the apple blight?"
Granny Smith says: "Now, when I was a filly..."
Apple Bloom says: "I can't believe you told all those lies!"
Applejack says: "It's not a story I'm proud of, but it taught me a lifelong lesson about bein' honest."
Applejack says: "I hope you learned somethin', too."
Apple Bloom says: "I sure did."
Apple Bloom says: "I learned that nopony starts out perfect and sometimes you gotta make a few mistakes to figure out who you are."
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Apple Bloom says: "But I think the most important thing I learned is who really runs Sweet Apple Acres."
Applejack says: "Granny!"
Apple Bloom says: "Granny!"
Big McIntosh says: "Granny!"
Granny Smith says: "You're darn tootin'!"
Granny Smith says: "Now everypony quit your lollygaggery and get back to work!"
Granny Smith says: "Right after we have a glass of cider."