Soarin says: "I'm sooo glad I made it to Las Pegasus before the fastest, most thrilling ride of all time closes for good!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Wait."
Rainbow Dash says: "The fastest, most thrilling ride of all time?"
Misty Fly says: "She hasn't heard of the Wild Blue Yonder?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Of course I have!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's that one where, uh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "All right, you got me."
Rainbow Dash says: "What is it?"
Soarin says: "Only the coolest rollercoaster ever!"
Misty Fly says: "You can't really call yourself a Wonderbolt if you haven't been on it."
Rainbow Dash says: "It looks incredible!"
Soarin says: "Oh, it is."
Soarin says: "First, you strap yourself into the cloud rocket car, and then you're catapulted straight through a..."
Rainbow Dash says: "..."
Rainbow Dash says: "series of daring dips and terrifying turns..."
Rainbow Dash says: "..."
Rainbow Dash says: "flipping upside-down so many times you don't know which way is up!"
Rainbow Dash says: "'Til finally you climb to the highest peak on the rails!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Then drop towards the ground at lightning speed..."
Rainbow Dash says: "..."
Rainbow Dash says: "before coming up to a screeching halt!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's the coolest ride ever to exist in the history of Equestria!"
Applejack says: "So, when did you ride it?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh."
Rainbow Dash says: "I haven't."
Rainbow Dash says: "The ride closes this week!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Forever!"
Rainbow Dash says: "But I can't go to Las Pegasus because I have to teach at Twilight's school."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm gonna miss out on the coolest rollercoaster of all time!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Unless..."
Applejack says: "Why do I feel like you're about to ask me a mighty big favor?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Can you cover my classes?"
Applejack says: "Absolutely!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Really?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Awesome!"
Applejack says: "On one condition."
Applejack says: "You tag along with a few other ponies goin' to Las Pegasus."
Rainbow Dash says: "Surely you don't mean Granny Smith!"
Applejack says: "No, no, of course not."
Applejack says: "I mean Granny Smith and the rest of the Gold Horseshoe Gals."
Granny Smith says: "Hurry your haunches, hinnies!"
Applejack says: "Grand Auntie Applesauce, cousin Apple Rose, and cousin Goldie Delicious."
Applejack says: "Why, I'm sure they'd be plumb tickled to have you join their annual grandmares' trip to Las Pegasus."
Applejack says: "It'll be perfect."
Applejack says: "I'll teach your classes, and you can look after them for me."
Rainbow Dash says: "Look after them?"
Applejack says: "So they don't get too carried away."
Applejack says: "Usually Big Mac goes along as a chaperone, but I'm sure he'd love a break."
Rainbow Dash says: "There is no way I'm going to Las Pegasus with a bunch of old, slow grannies!"
Applejack says: "So you don't mind missin' your only chance to ride the Wild Blue Yonder?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh, fine!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'll go!"
Applejack says: "Ha!"
Applejack says: "That's the spirit!"
Applejack says: "Now skedaddle so I can help them get ready."
Granny Smith says: "Applejack!"
Granny Smith says: "Have you seen my cranky flank cream?"
Granny Smith says: "I can't find it in this whole tootin' farmhouse."
Applejack says: "It's, uh, gonna take a while."
Rainbow Dash says: "Why is this taking so long?"
Rainbow Dash says: "The Wild Blue Yonder's gonna close before we even get to Las Pegasus."
Applejack says: "Here."
Applejack says: "I made a list to help you keep the grandmares out of trouble."
Applejack says: "Don't wanna have to bring 'em back home before you get to go on your rollercoaster."
Rainbow Dash says: "That could happen?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Applejack says: "Only if you don't follow the rules."
Applejack says: "These grannies need a lot of care."
Applejack says: "If one of 'em overdoes it, it's bye-bye Las Pegasus for the lot of ya."
Rainbow Dash says: ""Make sure they get their naps"."
Rainbow Dash says: ""Eat only soft foods"."
Rainbow Dash says: ""Careful when dancing"?"
Rainbow Dash says: ""Don't get too excited"?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Seriously?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Applejack says: "And don't let 'em out of your sight."
Applejack says: "Ever."
Rainbow Dash says: "Wait."
Rainbow Dash says: "Then how am I supposed to go on the rollercoaster?"
Applejack says: "You'll find time."
Applejack says: "And you might even learn a thing or two about havin' a good time from these old gals."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah."
Rainbow Dash says: "That'll happen."
Applejack says: "All right, y'all!"
Applejack says: "Time to get this show on the road!"
Applejack says: "Or in the sky, in this case."
Rainbow Dash says: "Come on, come on, come on!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Go, go, go, go, go!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Argh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Everypony okay in there?"
Granny Smith says: "Dandy as a pansy in a plant pot!"
Apple Rose says: "You know, this hot air balloon ride reminds me of the time I climbed a tree."
Apple Rose says: "Have I ever told you that story?"
Auntie Applesauce says: "Only about a million times."
Apple Rose says: "Huh?"
Apple Rose says: "What did you say?"
Rainbow Dash says: "They said they've heard the tree story!"
Apple Rose says: "Oh, you wanna hear the tree story?"
Apple Rose says: "Okay."
Goldie Delicious says: "Here we go again."
Apple Rose says: "Back when I was a young filly, I was afraid of tree-climbin'."
Apple Rose says: "These knockin' hooves sweatin'."
Apple Rose says: "Have you ever had the hoof sweats?"
Apple Rose says: "Well, they're just the worst thing."
Apple Rose says: "You know, cousin Strudel – she used to get 'em too."
Apple Rose says: "Now, of course she was a champion fritter..."
Rainbow Dash says: "The Wild Blue Yonder is in our hotel?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, I bet you grannies are feeling super tired from your journey."
Granny Smith says: "Nope!"
Granny Smith says: "How about a trot down the avenue to see the sights, girls?"
Goldie Delicious says: "Oh, forget the sights!"
Goldie Delicious says: "I came here to play some serious horseshoe toss!"
Apple Rose says: "Oh, can we see the rainbow fountains at the water show?"
Apple Rose says: "They're so magical!"
Auntie Applesauce says: "My pores are crying for a mud mask at the Prism Palace Spa!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You know what would be really fun?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Relaxing in our room!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Come on."
Rainbow Dash says: "Last one to the hotel is a rotten apple!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh-my-gosh-oh-my-gosh-oh-my-gosh-oh-my-gosh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "There it is!"
Rainbow Dash says: "The best rollercoaster ever!"
Goldie Delicious says: "Aaah!"
Goldie Delicious says: "Warm up those withers, ladies!"
Goldie Delicious says: "There's a horseshoe-hurlin' trophy with our names on it!"
Applejack vision says: "Don't let them get too excited!"
Applejack vision says: "Or you'll have to go hooooooome!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa."
Rainbow Dash says: "That sounds a little too exciting."
Rainbow Dash says: "Why don't we get you checked in first?"
Auntie Applesauce says: "Oh, my."
Auntie Applesauce says: "You are a strong pony."
Auntie Applesauce says: "Aren't you, sugarhocks?"
"Luggage Cart" says: "Welcome to our Gold Horseshoe Suite."
"Luggage Cart" says: "Only the best of the best for our favorite guests."
"Luggage Cart" says: "Which, of course, means you lovely mares."
Auntie Applesauce says: "Why, thank you a bushel and a peck, you scrumptious morsel of frosted carrot cake."
"Luggage Cart" says: "Oh."
"Luggage Cart" says: "Thank you, ma'am."
Auntie Applesauce says: "I think he was sweet on me."
Auntie Applesauce says: "Maybe I should ask him to accompany me to the magic show tonight."
Granny Smith says: "Ha-ha!"
Granny Smith says: "You sure your name's not Applesaucey?"
Granny Smith says: "Better find the brakes on that buggy, sugar."
Granny Smith says: "We just got here."
Auntie Applesauce says: "You're right."
Auntie Applesauce says: "Better see what else is out there first."
Auntie Applesauce says: "The day is young, and I am not!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, Granny Smith's right."
Rainbow Dash says: "Let's not overdo it."
Rainbow Dash says: "How about a nice nap so you can really enjoy Las Pegasus?"
Goldie Delicious says: "Good idea."
Goldie Delicious says: "We could use some shut-eye, hmm?"
Apple Rose says: "But I'm not tired."
Apple Rose says: "Uh, oh, right!"
Apple Rose says: "Uh, yaaaawn."
Granny Smith says: "You go along now and explore while we rest, sugar booger."
Granny Smith says: "Yawn."
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, if you say so!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What?"
Rainbow Dash says: "They'll be in here sleeping the whole time I'm gone!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Quit judging me!"
Rainbow Dash says: "But..."
Rainbow Dash says: "But..."
Rainbow Dash says: "this line never ends!"
"Cranberry Muffin" says: "I know, right?"
"Cranberry Muffin" says: "Good thing we can just stand here all day without any responsibilities waiting for us!"
"Cranberry Muffin" says: "Oh, hey, thanks!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Enjoy the ride."
Rainbow Dash says: "Heh."
Rainbow Dash says: "They didn't even know I left."
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Aah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "They're gone!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Granny Smith!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Apple Rose!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Are you here?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Applesauce?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Goldie?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, I'm the worst chaperone ever!"
Applejack vision says: "Don't let them out of your siiiiiiiiight!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I know, I know!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Excuse me, sir."
Rainbow Dash says: "Have you seen a group of old mares around here?"
"Tight End" says: "Lady, you just described half the ponies in this place."
Rainbow Dash says: "This place is huge!"
Rainbow Dash says: "They could be anywhere!"
Crowd says: "Goldie!"
Crowd says: "Goldie!"
Crowd says: "Goldie!"
Crowd says: "Goldie!"
Crowd says: "Goldie!"
Crowd says: "Goldie!"
Carnival Barker says: "Can they do it?"
Carnival Barker says: "Can good old Goldie Delicious and the Gold Horseshoe Gals break the all-time resort record, folks?"
Goldie Delicious says: "Now that's how you hurl a horseshoe!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ha!"
Rainbow Dash says: "No way!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Goldie's totally got game!"
Carnival Barker says: "Make some noise for the best-played game of horseshoes this resort has ever seen!"
Carnival Barker says: "Can you believe your eyes, folks?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Go, Goldie!"
Carnival Barker says: "Stand back!"
Carnival Barker says: "She's getting excited!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Huh?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh-oh!"
Goldie Delicious says: "Oh, oop!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, mind if I try?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoops."
Rainbow Dash says: "Guess I'm no good at this game."
Rainbow Dash says: "Sorry."
Carnival Barker says: "And the Gold Horseshoe Gals are out!"
Carnival Barker says: "Looks like the show's over, everypony."
Crowd says: "Awww!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, I'm so glad I found you!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Everypony feeling okay?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Not too excited?"
Goldie Delicious says: "Pretty much the opposite right now."
Rainbow Dash says: "Good."
Rainbow Dash says: "From now on, I'm not letting you grannies out of my sight."
Auntie Applesauce says: "In that case, let's paint the town candy apple red!"
Goldie Delicious says: "Ooh!"
Goldie Delicious says: "We could play more games!"
Apple Rose says: "Or go shopping for hats!"
Apple Rose says: "Have I ever told you about the time I got a new hat, and it turned out to be a bird?"
Granny Smith says: "That's what we ought to do!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Really?"
Granny Smith says: "Hit the buffet!"
Granny Smith says: "All that horseshoe tossin' sure works up an appy-tite."
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh-huh..."
Granny Smith says: "I love me some nachos."
Granny Smith says: "I'mma set my dentures loose on these vittles until the crumbs cry uncle!"
Applejack vision says: "They can only eat soft foods!"
Applejack vision says: "You're a nacho away from no rolly-coaster!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Come on, Granny."
Rainbow Dash says: "You know you can't have those."
Rainbow Dash says: "They're super crunchy."
Rainbow Dash says: "How about some nice soft carrot soup, instead?"
Granny Smith says: "I thought you was supposed to be the fun one."
Rainbow Dash says: "Wait."
Rainbow Dash says: "I am fun!"
Carnival Barker says: "Attention all, thrill-seekers!"
Carnival Barker says: "There's only one day left to ride the ride of all rides, the Wild Blue Yonder, before it's gone for good!"
Carnival Barker says: "Get in line!"
Carnival Barker says: "Now!"
Auntie Applesauce says: "I'd rather hit the club and show off my dance moves."
Auntie Applesauce says: "I'm quite a legend when it comes to rumba."
Rainbow Dash says: "Sounds kind of intense."
Rainbow Dash says: "Aren't you all exhausted from your big day?"
Goldie Delicious says: "Heck no!"
Goldie Delicious says: "We save up our energy all year for Las Pegasus weekend, isn't that right, girls?"
Auntie Applesauce says: "Mmm-hmm!"
Apple Rose says: "Mmm-hmm!"
Granny Smith says: "Mmm-hmm!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh."
Rainbow Dash says: "Dancing it is, then."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'll be there."
Applejack vision says: "Careful when daaaaaanciiiiing!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Stop doing that!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, that's probably enough dancing for now!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Right, Apple Rose?"
Apple Rose says: "Oh, that was just my warm-up."
Auntie Applesauce says: "Look!"
Auntie Applesauce says: "It's our favorite magicians, Big Bucks and Jack Pot!"
Auntie Applesauce says: "And aren't they lookin' handsome as ever?"
Jack Pot says: "You little fillies have got some smooth moves!"
Big Bucks says: "Say, how would you Gold Horseshoe Gals like to bring some of that good energy into our magic show tonight?"
Jack Pot says: "Here's five complimentary VIP tickets to our most amazing trick in the Ponet Fantastique Theater, just over there."
Auntie Applesauce says: "Sugarcube, we never miss your show."
Jack Pot says: "Fabulous."
Jack Pot says: "We'll save a spot for you on stage."
Big Bucks says: "And in our hearts."
Rainbow Dash says: "So gross."
Granny Smith says: "Yeehaw, girls!"
Granny Smith says: "Applesauce landed us some Very Important Pony tickets for the show tonight!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, come on!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You said you were going back to the room after dancing!"
Rainbow Dash says: "So each pony could have some alone time?"
Goldie Delicious says: "Oh, now don't be a stick in the mud!"
Goldie Delicious says: "Trust me, you'll loooove this show!"
Goldie Delicious says: "It's the best thing in Las Pegasus!"
"Cranberry Muffin" says: "Oh, hey!"
"Cranberry Muffin" says: "Thanks for giving me your place in line."
"Cranberry Muffin" says: "They said I'm one of the last ponies ever to ride the Wild Blue Yonder!"
"Cranberry Muffin" says: "Ha!"
Big Bucks says: "And now, for the trick that made us famous!"
Jack Pot says: "The most dangerous magical feat known to ponykind."
Jack Pot says: "We'd like to invite some very special mares to the stage."
Auntie Applesauce says: "That's our cue, girls!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey, where are you going?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Come back!"
Big Bucks says: "Meet our lovely assistants!"
Jack Pot says: "They will make a splashtastic escape using only the instructions we give them..."
Jack Pot says: "with our minds."
Big Bucks says: "Don't try this at home, folks!"
Applejack vision says: "Do I really have to say anything?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Release those grannies, right now!"
Granny Smith says: "What'd ya go and do that for?!"
Granny Smith says: "!"
Granny Smith says: "That was our big star moment!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Y-You were in danger!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I saw the water!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You were trapped!"
Goldie Delicious says: "Oh, pish-tosh!"
Goldie Delicious says: "This is a magic show!"
Goldie Delicious says: "We've seen it a thousand times!"
Goldie Delicious says: "Everypony always escapes."
Big Bucks says: "Uh, that's right, folks!"
Big Bucks says: "Because of our, um, skill as magicians!"
Jack Pot says: "And now, a disappearing act!"
Auntie Applesauce says: "Well, I hope you're happy!"
Auntie Applesauce says: "We've been waiting to be picked as the lovely assistants in that trick for years!"
Goldie Delicious says: "You keep ruinin' our fun!"
Goldie Delicious says: "I had a hot hoof goin' in that game you decided to lose for us!"
Granny Smith says: "And I wanted to eat those nachos at the buffet!"
Apple Rose says: "And I could have torn up the dance floor if you didn't keep stopping me!"
Granny Smith says: "They're bein' too polite to say it, so I will!"
Granny Smith says: "Rainbow Dash, we thought you'd be a hoot, but I ain't never met a wetter hen!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Goldie Delicious says: "She's right!"
Goldie Delicious says: "You've had your mane in a twist ever since we arrived!"
Apple Rose says: "Is something the matter, dear?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm so sorry, everypony."
Rainbow Dash says: "The truth is, all I wanted to do for this whole trip is ride the Wild Blue Yonder."
Rainbow Dash says: "I mean, it's why I came to Las Pegasus in the first place!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Applejack told me not to let you out of my sight, or you might overdo it and we'd have to go home early."
Auntie Applesauce says: "Applejack put you up to this?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, now it's too late."
Rainbow Dash says: "I ruined your trip, and it's the last day ever to ride the Wild Blue Yonder!"
Rainbow Dash says: "The line is so long, I'll never get to go on it."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey, what's so funny?"
Granny Smith says: "Is that all you wanted?"
Goldie Delicious says: "Well, fish-flavored kitten kibble."
Goldie Delicious says: "Why didn't you say so sooner?"
Goldie Delicious says: "Come on, girls!"
Granny Smith says: "We're Gold Horseshoe members."
Granny Smith says: "The most exclusive club in Las Pegasus."
Granny Smith says: "And she's with us."
Goldie Delicious says: "We've been comin' here every moon since we can remember."
Goldie Delicious says: "Even some we don't remember."
Auntie Applesauce says: "It definitely has its perks."
Rainbow Dash says: "Like fancy suites and rollercoaster rides?"
Apple Rose says: "That's right."
Apple Rose says: "And I hope you like riding in the front."
Rainbow Dash says: "Um, yes!"
Rainbow Dash says: "This is amazing!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Isn't this amazing?"
Granny Smith says: "Sugar, you probably want to hold on 'bout now."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm sorry I misjudged you for being older ponies."
Rainbow Dash says: "You mares are actually pretty cool."
Granny Smith says: "Rainbow Dash?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, Granny?"
Granny Smith says: "The gals and I have been talkin', and, well..."
Granny Smith says: "We think you're a hoot after all!"
Granny Smith says: "We'd like to invite you to become a permanent member of the Gold Horseshoe Gals!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ha-ha!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Really?"
Grannies says: "Mm-hmm."
Auntie Applesauce says: "Same time next year?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I wouldn't miss it for anything!"