Rainbow Dash says: "Come on!"
Rainbow Dash says: "If we hurry, we can get there before the paper's even delivered to Rarity's house!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Maybe she won't read the article."
Applejack says: "I'm pretty sure Rarity's gonna read a review of her new boutique in Manehattan."
Rainbow Dash says: "I still can't believe we all just blabbed everything that happened to that reporter!"
Fluttershy says: "I just hope it doesn't end up being an article about how her friends almost ruined the opening."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think you're all overreacting."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity's our friend."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If anypony is gonna understand, it'll be her."
Rarity says: "I was wondering when all of you were going to show up."
Rarity says: "Now we can all read the review together!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Um, I have an idea."
Rainbow Dash says: "How 'bout we don't read it?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What she means is, before you read it, we should probably tell you about—"
Rarity says: "No, no, darling."
Rarity says: "Please, no spoilers."
Fluttershy says: "But—"
Rarity says: "No spoilers!"
Rarity says: "Now, is everypony ready to hear what I'm sure is a stellar review that describes in stunning detail exactly how each of you contributed to the successful opening of Rarity For You?"
Rarity says: ""Some might say it's the ultimate achievement in Equestrian fashion, and never before has a reporter been granted such unfettered behind-the-scenes access until now!"
Fluttershy says: "I wish it had been more fettered."
Rarity says: "Oh, uh..."
Rarity says: ""..."
Rarity says: "Rarity and her friends after the opening to get the inside scoop, and what a scoop it was!"
Buried Lede says: "Okay, kid, ya successfully opened a shop in Manehattan and that's no mean feat!"
Buried Lede says: "Most ponies might wonder what it feels like."
Buried Lede says: "Here's how it's gonna be: I'm gonna interview you and your friends so I can paint a picture of how it all came together."
Buried Lede says: "A word picture, mind you, not an actual picture."
Buried Lede says: "Any questions?"
Rarity says: "Well, I was wondering—"
Buried Lede says: "Let's get started!"
Buried Lede says: "Ms."
Buried Lede says: "Rarity, you've got shops all over Equestria, but this was your first time trying to make it in the big city."
Buried Lede says: "What made ya think you could tackle it on your own?"
Rarity says: "Well, I wouldn't say all over Equestria."
Rarity says: "I just have two other boutiques: one in my hometown of Ponyville, and one in Canterlot."
Rarity says: "Uh, still, when I decided to open this one, I was nothing but confident."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Let's just say that if I could choose, I probably wouldn't do it that way again."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Heh."
Pinkie Pie says: "Well, it wasn't the funnest party ever..."
Applejack says: "It was a plum-puckered, pig-pushin' disaster!"
Rainbow Dash says: "After a lifetime of awesome, I think everypony's allowed to mess up every now and then, right?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Wait, are you writing this down?"
Fluttershy says: "Um, it didn't go exactly how I thought it would, but it, um, started out all right."
Rarity says: "Welcome to Saddle Row, an entire street lined with the most fashionable boutiques in all of Equestria!"
Applejack says: "If it's supposed to be the most fashionable block of shops, where's Stinky Bottom's Discount Hat Emporium?"
Rarity says: "I suppose it didn't make the cut."
Rarity says: "Here it is!"
Rarity says: "Rarity For You!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity, it's lovely."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But are you sure you'll be ready to open tonight?"
Rarity says: "No need to fret over a mere moderate amount of preparation."
Rarity says: "My clothes arrive soon, my sales associate after that, and with a little..."
Rarity says: "dusting, we'll be ready for the grand opening tonight."
Mr. Stripes says: "Rarity!"
Mr. Stripes says: "So good to see you!"
Mr. Stripes says: "Your store, it's going to be a very good place, I think!"
Rarity says: "Mr."
Rarity says: "Stripes owns the building."
Rarity says: "He's a very pleasant landlord."
Rarity says: "Although he can be pushy at times."
Rarity says: "Okay, all the time."
Mr. Stripes says: "You've met my daughter, the apple of my ear, the hay in my hoof?"
Mr. Stripes says: "You will let her work with you."
Rarity says: "It's just, I'm dreadfully busy preparing for tonight's grand opening, as you can see."
Mr. Stripes says: "There are only two things I love more than being pushy."
Mr. Stripes says: "One is my daughter."
Mr. Stripes says: "The other is miniature doll furniture."
Mr. Stripes says: "And I would sell my entire mini-furniture collection to make my daughter happy."
Mr. Stripes says: "You understand?"
Rarity says: "I'm sorry."
Rarity says: "I just don't think it's going to be possible."
Mr. Stripes says: "Let me say another way..."
Mr. Stripes says: "Hire her or I raise rent until you no can afford!"
Rarity says: "Oh, uh, welcome aboard."
Plaid Stripes says: "But they glow in the dark!"
Rarity says: "Golly, what a splendid idea!"
Rarity says: "Glow-in-the-dark teeth!"
Rarity says: "What was she thinking?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "Aah!"
Rarity says: "Fluttershy, your assistance is required in the stock room, posthaste!"
Fluttershy says: "Aw, hello."
Rarity says: "But what are they doing here?"
Fluttershy says: "Smoky made too much noise eating garbage, so Softpad's mother made them move out of the trashcan."
Fluttershy says: "Then Smoky Jr."
Fluttershy says: "found a nice home in the crawl space behind the building."
Fluttershy says: "But Mr."
Fluttershy says: "Stripes demolished it, so they were temporarily camped out in the back until they found a new place to live."
Rarity says: "No, no, no!"
Rarity says: "I can't have a family of rubbish-scented raccoons living in my boutique!"
Rarity says: "Uh, did you hear that?"
Rarity says: "Heh."
Rarity says: "Turns out there's a Club Pony Party Palace upstairs."
Pinkie Pie says: "Turns out there's a Club Pony Party Palace upstairs!"
Rarity says: "I'm sorry."
Rarity says: "Could you please ask her to turn it down?"
Rarity says: "Could you ask her to turn it down, please?"
Rarity says: "Oh, please!"
Rarity says: "Ugh!"
Rarity says: "Foals today listen to their so-called "music" far too loud."
Rarity says: "I realize that makes me sound like an old mare."
Rarity says: "But this is business!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I wish we were having as much fun as they are."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, sweeping can be fun, too."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sweep, sweep, sweep, sweep."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sweep, sweep, sweep, sweep, sweep..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Only Twilight could make a dance remix about sweeping."
Rainbow Dash says: "I mean, how lame is that?"
Applejack says: "Yeah."
Applejack says: "It wasn't even catchy."
Rainbow Dash says: "Nope."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sweep, sweep, sweep, sweep..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sweep, sweep, sweep, sweep, sweep, sweep, sweep, sweep, sweep, sweep, sweep..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Sweep, sweep, sweep, sweep, sweep, sweep, sweep, sweep, sweep, sweep, sweep..."
Applejack says: "Sweep, sweep, sweep, sweep, sweep, sweep, sweep, sweep, sweep, sweep, sweep..."
Rarity says: "Apparently, DJ Pon-3 has a residency at the Party Palace upstairs, but security won't let me speak to her."
Rarity says: "Aah!"
Rarity says: "What in the name of Celestia was that?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Plaid Stripes says: "You know how most stores have a little jingle-bell when the door opens?"
Plaid Stripes says: "Ahem."
Plaid Stripes says: "I thought we should have something with a little more pizzazz!"
Plaid Stripes says: "So, I installed one of Daddy's antique horns."
Rarity says: "We'll have to do something about that, after I think of a way to quiet down that music."
Rarity says: "And after I finish designing the window display!"
Rarity says: "Ahh!"
Rarity says: "Wait, is this my merchandise shipment from Ponyville?"
Rarity says: "It's completely disorganized!"
Rarity says: "A—"
Rarity says: "A—"
Rarity says: "..."
Rarity says: "Gesundheit!"
Rarity says: "Oh, Miss Pommel!"
Rarity says: "I'm so glad to see you!"
Rarity says: "Now, as the sole sales associate at Rarity For You, I hate to add to your already overflowing plate of responsibilities, but it looks as though we have just a tad more to do before tonight than I thought."
Coco Pommel says: "Actually, I—"
Coco Pommel says: "I can't work tonight."
Rarity says: "Oh?"
Rarity says: "Why not?"
Rarity says: "Feel better, my sweet."
Rarity says: "We'll manage without you..."
Rarity says: "somehow."
Rarity says: "And we'll manage glowing teeth and car horns and disorganized clothes and dance music!"
Rarity says: "Am I forgetting anything?"
Rarity says: "What am I going to do?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, opening a store in Manehattan is a pretty big deal."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's natural that Rarity would be a little stressed about how it was going."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Since it wasn't going well."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Still, I think she handled it all right."
Rarity says: "My dream is doomed!"
Rarity says: "Doomed, I tell you!"
Rarity says: "Doomed!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know things haven't gone perfectly so far, but we've done this kind of thing before."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If we all work together—"
Rarity says: "I appreciate the offer, but this is Manehattan."
Rarity says: "To make it in the fashion scene here, everything has to be perfect."
Rarity says: "The perfect location!"
Rarity says: "The perfect clothes!"
Rarity says: "The perfect opening!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe we should just postpone."
Rarity says: "Postpone?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "Darling, tonight is the last night of the fall season."
Rarity says: "If we don't open tonight, it won't be..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Perfect."
Rarity says: "Yes."
Rarity says: "I know what needs to be done."
Rarity says: "I just need more of me!"
Rarity says: "Oh, how I wish I could make copies of myself!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yeah..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Making copies of yourself always sounds like a great idea, but before you know it, you're locked in a room with fifty Pinkie Pies watching paint dry."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We can do this."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And we can stay true to your vision."
Rarity says: "You'd do that?"
Rarity says: "Fluttershy, you'll handle those..."
Rarity says: "strong-smelling raccoons for me?"
Fluttershy says: "Of course."
Applejack says: "Leave Plaid Stripes to me."
Applejack says: "I'll handle her and her, uh, "good ideas"."
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh, ooh, ooh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And I can go upstairs to that nonstop party and have tons of fun and eat some cake and set off party cannons and—"
Pinkie Pie says: "And then make them be quiet."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm pretty sure I know somepony who wouldn't mind organizing this merchandise shipment for you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, please, let me organize it!"
Rarity says: "This all sounds splendid, but I don't even have a single employee, and I'll need the best of the best."
Rainbow Dash says: "Leave the hiring to me."
Rarity says: "Oh!"
Rarity says: "This is it, my dears."
Rarity says: "If you can handle these problems, I'll focus on the designs for the front window display."
Rarity says: "We'll show Manehattan what Rarity For You is all about!"
Rarity says: "Oh, what would I do without you?"
Rainbow Dash says: "What would she do without us?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Huh."
Rainbow Dash says: "Lemme think."
Rainbow Dash says: "Heh, I sound just like her!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey, you're not writing this down, are you?"
Rarity says: "Now for the perfect window display."
Rarity says: "Hmm."
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, I can't really stop a super fun party in the middle of mega-happy fun times, can I?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, what would Rarity want?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Rarity Devil says: "Keep that party going 'til the break of dawn!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Really?"
Rarity Angel says: "Indubitably!"
Rarity Angel says: "And as for the roof, get jiggy!"
Rarity Angel says: "Raise it, Pinkie!"
Rarity Angel says: "Raise it like you've never raised it before!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "If you say so!"
Rarity Devil says: "Oh, please, Pinkie Pie."
Rarity Devil says: "Never in a million years would I say such balderdash!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh."
Pinkie Pie says: "Obviously, DJ Pon-3 only plays the sickest of beats."
Pinkie Pie says: "I just wouldn't want her to miss out on the coolest new music straight from the back-alley underground, zip-zap party scene!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'd play the whole thing if I were you, no matter what other ponies think."
Dancers says: "Awww."
Rainbow Dash says: "Rarity For You is only hiring the best of the best."
Rainbow Dash says: "And to me, that means the fastest."
Rainbow Dash says: "Now, uh, before we begin, uh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "New plan!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Who can be the first one to tell me what fabric this is?"
Blue Bobbin says: "That's organza."
Rainbow Dash says: "Are you sure?"
Blue Bobbin says: "It's a thin, plain weave."
Blue Bobbin says: "Sheer fabric traditionally made from silk, so..."
Blue Bobbin says: "yeah."
Rainbow Dash says: "I don't know the first thing about clothes."
Rainbow Dash says: "Pretty much all I can do is look at something and tell you if it's clothes or not."
Rainbow Dash says: "This chair?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Not clothes."
Plaid Stripes says: "See if you can keep up with me here."
Plaid Stripes says: "What are all clothes made of?"
Applejack says: "Uh, fabric?"
Plaid Stripes says: "Bingo!"
Plaid Stripes says: "But not in this store."
Plaid Stripes says: "Uh-uh."
Plaid Stripes says: "Not anymore."
Applejack says: "Oh, no?"
Plaid Stripes says: "Two words for you: "spoon clothes"."
Plaid Stripes says: "All our clothes will be made of spoons!"
Applejack says: "You know, I like you, Plaid Stripes."
Applejack says: "If it were up to me, we'd have a spoon clothes store right next to Stinky Bottom's Discount Hat Emporium."
Applejack says: "But it ain't up to me, so the answer is no."
Applejack says: "Personally, I think spoon clothes ain't such a bad idea."
Applejack says: "Useful, too."
Applejack says: "Eatin' soup, stirrin' gumbo, diggin' little holes."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Perfect."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Although, what would Rarity want?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe she wouldn't like it done by color."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Guess I have to start over!"
Fluttershy says: "Hello, Smoky, Softpad, Smoky Jr."
Fluttershy says: "?"
Fluttershy says: "I have some..."
Fluttershy says: "interesting news."
Fluttershy says: "I, oh..."
Fluttershy says: "I'd like you all to stay here forever, but..."
Rarity says: "A window display is the first thing customers see, and if they like it, they'll walk inside and experience the glory that is my boutique."
Rainbow Dash says: "I don't know which one of you to hire!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Just..."
Rainbow Dash says: "keep guessing fabrics!"
Plaid Stripes says: "Daddy, Rarity's friend doesn't like my ideas!"
Mr. Stripes says: "Spoon clothes is good idea!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, no!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Not a shopping music mashup!"
Fluttershy says: "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry!"
Rarity says: "How's it—"
Rarity says: "Ooh!"
Fluttershy says: "When you write the story, could you maybe skip over the part where we locked Rarity in the window display?"
Rarity says: "Hello?"
Rarity says: "The door appears to be stuck!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yep."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're workin' on it!"
Rarity says: "Hmm."
Rarity says: "Well, shouldn't let this time go to waste."
Twilight Sparkle says: "How did this happen?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I shut down the party."
Applejack says: "I told Plaid Stripes no."
Fluttershy says: "I asked the raccoons to leave."
Rainbow Dash says: "I asked a lot of fabric questions."
Pinkie Pie says: "Just like I thought Rarity would want!"
Applejack says: "Just like I thought Rarity would want!"
Fluttershy says: "Just like I thought Rarity would want!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Just like I thought Rarity would want!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity asked us to help her with everything because she knows all of us so well."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe we should all do the same."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Doing this our way is what Rarity wants."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's not too late."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Let's all dig in and we can fix this."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Before Rarity finds out how bad we messed up."
Fluttershy says: "I'm sorry I asked you to leave."
Fluttershy says: "The place is yours if you wanna stay."
Fluttershy says: "Though I would like to ask you all just one favor."
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm sorry I made you play that un-fun, super-boring music."
Pinkie Pie says: "But if you're up for it, I have an idea to make the party even better!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay, I don't get fabric, but I do get speed."
Rainbow Dash says: "And I need somepony fast enough to help all the customers Rarity's gonna have."
Rainbow Dash says: "So..."
Rainbow Dash says: "first one to the river and back gets the job!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's a race!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Go!"
Applejack says: "Mr."
Applejack says: "Stripes, I owe your daughter an apology."
Applejack says: "She's got good ideas, and I should give 'em a chance."
Applejack says: "So here's what I'm thinkin'."
Rarity says: "Perfect!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wow, looks like we fixed that door just in time!"
Rarity says: "Oh!"
Rarity says: "What's all this?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The whole place organized by style, cross-referenced by size, and reverse-indexed by fabric."
Twilight Sparkle says: "She'll be able to find anything in three seconds flat!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It was some of my best work."
Rarity says: "Oh!"
Rarity says: "I knew I could count on you!"
Rarity says: "All right..."
Rarity says: "I suppose this is the moment of truth..."
Rarity says: "Rarity For You is now open!"
Rarity says: "Oh, dear."
Rarity says: "I wasn't quite prepared for such a crowd."
Rarity says: "How will I handle them all?"
Blue Bobbin says: "My name's Blue Bobbin."
Blue Bobbin says: "I'll be your personal shopping assistant this evening."
Rainbow Dash says: "Right this way, everypony, and one of our talented salesponies can help you out!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Honestly, they were all pretty slow."
Rainbow Dash says: "But they finished the race."
Rainbow Dash says: "Plus they knew a lot more about fabric than I did."
Rainbow Dash says: "So, I hired them all!"
Pinkie Pie says: "The way I see it, Rarity designs fashion, DJ Pon-3 designs beats."
Pinkie Pie says: "What better combination than a boutique/dance club?"
Fluttershy says: "After a quick bath, they were more than willing to help!"
"Waxton" says: "Ah, a blue corn reduction with shallot confit!"
"Waxton" says: "But how can I possibly enjoy it without a—"
Plaid Stripes says: "Spoon?"
Applejack says: "Heh."
Applejack says: "Toldja spoon clothes ain't such a bad idea."
"Waxton" says: "Mmm!"
"Waxton" says: "Exquisite!"
"Waxton" says: "This is the most whimsical and wonderfully fashionable boutique I've ever seen!"
Rarity says: "Why didn't you tell me there were so many problems?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We all figured you had enough on your mind."
Applejack says: "And we didn't want you to think that the opening wasn't perfect."
Rarity says: ""Ne'er-do-wells" or not, I know I can always count on all of you."
Rarity says: "And nothing could be more perfect than that."