Fluttershy says: "Okay, everypony."
Fluttershy says: "As you know, the adorable fairy creatures known as Breezies are about to come through Ponyville."
Pinkie Pie says: "Yes!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh, it's so exciting!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I can't wait for Rainbow Dash to make the breeze for them so I can see how cute they are up close!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I've never done it before, not that I won't be totally awesome at it, because I totally will!"
Fluttershy says: "And that breeze is very important, but so is cheering on those teeny-tiny little things, so they have the confidence to ride that breeze to their native land."
Fluttershy says: "Did I mention how tiny they are?"
Fluttershy says: "So tiny!"
Fluttershy says: "I was thinking we could do a special Breezie cheer!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I love cheers!"
Fluttershy says: "But these cheers should be quiet cheers."
Fluttershy says: "We don't want to startle them."
Fluttershy says: "They need to be able to concentrate."
Fluttershy says: "Why don't we try it?"
Fluttershy says: "You can do it, Breezies."
Rest of main cast says: "You can do it, Breezies!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, my."
Applejack says: "Heh, sorry, Fluttershy."
Applejack says: "I had no idea how hard it was to do a cheer quietly."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, it's okay."
Fluttershy says: "Quiet doesn't come naturally for everypony."
Fluttershy says: "Let's try it again."
Rest of main cast says: "You can do it, Breezies!"
Fluttershy says: "Perhaps just a little bit quieter."
Rest of main cast says: "You can do it, Breezies!"
Fluttershy says: "Just a little quieter."
Rest of main cast says: "You can do it, Breezies!"
Fluttershy says: "Perfect!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, um, I mean..."
Fluttershy says: "yay."
Rainbow Dash says: "That's too strong!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We gotta slow this breeze down or we're gonna blow those Breezies apart!"
Mr. Cake says: "What I don't understand is why they need the Pegasi to make a breeze for them."
Fluttershy says: "Well, you see, it's the breeze that activates the Breezies' magic, and that magic protects the pollen they're carrying from being destroyed."
Mr. Cake says: "So, no breeze means no magic means the pollen goes bad?"
Fluttershy says: "That's right!"
Fluttershy says: "And they only have two days to get that pollen back before the portal to their home closes."
Fluttershy says: "That's why it's ever-so-important that we help them make their way through Ponyville safely."
Mrs. Cake says: "We certainly wouldn't want to scare them and divert them from their path!"
Fluttershy says: "Now you understand."
Mr. Cake says: "Hm, you certainly know a lot about them."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, thank you."
Fluttershy says: "I went to see them gathering their pollen in Western Equestria."
Fluttershy says: "Um, Rarity?"
Fluttershy says: "I, uh, hate to weigh in with you when it comes to fashion, but..."
Rarity says: "Oh, there's too much purple on this, isn't there?"
Rarity says: "I knew it!"
Rarity says: "But Twilight refused to admit it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, no-no-no-no-no."
Fluttershy says: "It's the perfect amount of purple."
Fluttershy says: "It's just that there's an awful lot of sequins on your jacket."
Rarity says: "Oh, darling, please!"
Rarity says: "One can never have too many sequins!"
Fluttershy says: "You can if they reflect the sun, and the light catches a group of Breezies right in their eyes, and blinds them long enough to get them off their course so they never get home!"
Rarity says: "I stand corrected!"
Rarity says: "I suppose there is the rare instance where one can have too many sequins."
Rarity says: "I'll just take off my jacket."
Rarity says: "I suppose this won't do either?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everypony, it's time."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Please welcome..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "the Breezies!"
Applejack says: "They're as cute as Apple Bloom on the day she was born."
Rarity says: "And would you look at those adorable little packs they carry their pollen in?"
Seabreeze says: "Lun!"
Seabreeze says: "Arshen aifok!"
Pinkie Pie says: "So..."
Pinkie Pie says: "cute!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Can't..."
Pinkie Pie says: "take..."
Pinkie Pie says: "it!"
Spike says: "Pinkie Pie, can I hop on you so I can see the Breezies?"
Pinkie Pie says: "May explode!"
Spike says: "Oh, no!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Slow down the breeze for the other group to catch up!"
Cloud Chaser says: "They're too far back!"
Cloud Chaser says: "We can't connect the breeze to both sets of Breezies!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What if we speed it up?"
Flitter says: "Then the first group'll be going too fast, and they'll get separated from each other!"
Seabreeze says: "Tanagretu nik mir!"
Seabreeze says: "Maisegu de piripa!"
Seabreeze says: "Mekenar stuf!"
Fluttershy says: "He's right!"
Fluttershy says: "You must all gather as close as you possibly can!"
Seabreeze says: "Mugudi saikendus?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I understand the language of all kinds of creatures!"
Seabreeze says: "You must be so proud."
Fluttershy says: "And you speak my language too?"
Seabreeze says: "I can."
Seabreeze says: "This lot can only understand you."
Seabreeze says: "Clearly, they're not the brightest bunch around."
Pinkie Pie says: "That was amazing!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm sorry we couldn't get a breeze going that would get them back to the others."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, it's not your fault."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I, for one, am very proud of you, Fluttershy."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Leaping into action like that."
Rarity says: "I feel like I should design you a special hero's gown!"
Rarity says: "Heh..."
Rarity says: "Or a sash."
Rarity says: "At least a sash."
Spike says: "Okay, okay, okay!"
Spike says: "I know what you're all thinking!"
Spike says: "Why don't you just say it?!"
Spike says: "!"
Spike says: "I'm sorry!"
Spike says: "This is all my fault!"
Spike says: "I'm so, so sorry!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, Spike, it's okay!"
Fluttershy says: "It could have happened to any one of us."
Spike says: "Okay..."
Spike says: "Thank you!"
Spike says: "Uh..."
Spike says: "I'm..."
Spike says: "just..."
Spike says: "gonna stay over here."
Rainbow Dash says: "So, Fluttershy, you want us to get the breeze going again so these little guys can get a move on?"
Fluttershy says: "Maybe we should wait just a moment or so."
Fluttershy says: "They've been through so much..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Just gimme the word when you think they're ready."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, my, Twirly, you look like you need a blanket."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, no problem."
Breezie says: "Malenki?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, did you need some more water?"
Fluttershy says: "Now, who else needed a hoof-knitted sweater?"
Applejack says: "Hey there!"
Applejack says: "Can we come in?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, of course!"
Fluttershy says: "But watch your step!"
Applejack says: "Oop, sorry about that, little one."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We just wanted to see if you thought the Breezies were ready to give it another try."
Fluttershy says: "Has it been an hour already?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, my goodness!"
Fluttershy says: "Time flies when you're making sure little creatures don't feel that you're abandoning them to the cruel world."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But they're not going to a cruel world, right?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "They're going home."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, yes, that's right!"
Fluttershy says: "On second thought, I don't think they're quite ready."
Seabreeze says: "Supa laipas data kurpa!"
Seabreeze says: "Mise neku ersken laika maur!"
Seabreeze says: "Siripat sulat!"
Applejack says: "Uh..."
Applejack says: "what did he say?"
Fluttershy says: "I'd..."
Fluttershy says: "rather not say."
Applejack says: "Okay, well, I'm sure you know what you're doin'."
Applejack says: "No one knows rare magical creatures like you do."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We'll just wait for your word."
Fluttershy says: "Thank you."
Fluttershy says: "I'll be in touch very soon."
Seabreeze says: "We need to go now, or we will never get home!"
Seabreeze says: "I wish we did not need that stupid breeze to activate our magic, or I would just force you all to fly home right now!"
Seabreeze says: "Why do we have to need magic to keep our pollen safe?"
Seabreeze says: "Why are you giving in to these wimps?!"
Seabreeze says: "!"
Seabreeze says: "If they had not been so scared in the first place, this never would have happened!"
Fluttershy says: "But that is just not true, Seabreeze."
Fluttershy says: "It was because of a leaf, and you know that!"
Seabreeze says: "Oh, please!"
Seabreeze says: "They have no idea what they're doing out there!"
Seabreeze says: "Like you said, we need as much time as we can get because they are so incompetent!"
Fluttershy says: "Well, I didn't say that exactly now, did I?"
Seabreeze says: "Hmph!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, well, maybe a snack will lighten the mood."
Breezie says: "Mi fargen."
Fluttershy says: "You're excused."
Fluttershy says: "Well, my Breezies, I think we can all agree that now that you've eaten and you have a little energy going in your breezy bodies, you're strong enough to face the breeze!"
Fluttershy says: "I've loved having you here, and I hope I've made you all feel loved and special."
Fluttershy says: "But you have to go."
Seabreeze says: "There is nothing special about these losers!"
Seabreeze says: "They cannot handle a simple breeze home!"
Seabreeze says: "If they could just stick with the program and listen to me, we would be safe!"
Seabreeze says: "At home!"
Seabreeze says: "Home, where every Breezie is like us!"
Fluttershy says: "Okay, well, a confusing pep-talk, but nonetheless."
Fluttershy says: "I do know that if you don't leave soon, you may never make it back, and that would be terrible!"
Breezie says: "Merte marshken farde."
Twirly says: "Merki marshken plumatu."
Fluttershy says: "I had no idea you all have colds!"
Fluttershy says: "Really?"
Fluttershy says: "All of you?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, dear."
Fluttershy says: "I can't let you go out there sick!"
Fluttershy says: "What kind of a friend would I be if I made you go now?"
Seabreeze says: "D'oh!"
Seabreeze says: "Irde turten manes pudenhel!"
Seabreeze says: "Nievo ut!"
Seabreeze says: "Parde tarmen!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey, Fluttershy, just wondering if the Breezies are ready to go yet."
Rainbow Dash says: "Clock's kinda ticking for them to make it back before the door closes on their home."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, yes."
Fluttershy says: "I mean, not quite."
Fluttershy says: "Um, maybe just a few more minutes?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, alright."
Flitter says: "We wait too much longer, we'll have to create such a strong breeze, it may be more than they can handle."
Rainbow Dash says: "We just have to trust Fluttershy."
Rainbow Dash says: "She must know what she's doing."
Breezies says: "Aww!"
Seabreeze says: "Why are you spending your time on this?!"
Seabreeze says: "!"
Seabreeze says: "I will never get home!"
Fluttershy says: "Breezies, I must say, Seabreeze has a point."
Fluttershy says: "I think it's time for me to get Rainbow Dash and her friends so they can create the breeze for you to get home."
Fluttershy says: "Ooh..."
Fluttershy says: "You're all awfully anxious..."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I don't want you to feel abandoned, or that I wasn't the most kind host I could possibly be..."
Twirly says: "Adoshen papan gorn."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, yes, that does make sense..."
Fluttershy says: "Seabreeze, do you think you could wait just a couple more hou- Seabreeze?"
Fluttershy says: "Seabreeze?"
Fluttershy says: "Has anypony seen Seabreeze?"
Fluttershy says: "Where's he going?"
Fluttershy says: "There's no way he can handle being out there on his own!"
Seabreeze says: "Ah!"
Seabreeze says: "Ah!"
Seabreeze says: "Ah!"
Seabreeze says: "Blusken!"
Seabreeze says: "Ah!"
Seabreeze says: "Ah!"
Seabreeze says: "Arge nusen!"
Seabreeze says: "Uf!"
Seabreeze says: "Osemi!"
Seabreeze says: "Ah!"
Seabreeze says: "Narsken!"
Seabreeze says: "Noi serenda!"
Seabreeze says: "Ah!"
Seabreeze says: "Ah!"
Seabreeze says: "Gah!"
Seabreeze says: "Ah!"
Seabreeze says: "Kesino!"
Seabreeze says: "Uu!"
Seabreeze says: "Tu ge!"
Seabreeze says: "Ah!"
Seabreeze says: "Ah!"
Seabreeze says: "Ah!"
Seabreeze says: "Ah!"
Seabreeze says: "Miuse konda!"
Seabreeze says: "Vaior uskren!"
Seabreeze says: "Yavaya..."
Seabreeze says: "Ibeku-u-u!"
Seabreeze says: "Ah, sa-sabada!"
Fluttershy says: "Excuse me, bees?"
Fluttershy says: "Can you please back off my Breezie friend?"
Fluttershy says: "He didn't mean any harm."
Fluttershy says: "It was just an accident."
Fluttershy says: "I'm working on a bee-type dance and was hoping you could help me?"
Fluttershy says: "Does this bring to mind any images for you?"
Fluttershy says: "Perhaps a bee?"
Fluttershy says: "Excuse me!"
Fluttershy says: "I have done nothing but be kind, but I guess that is not working!"
Fluttershy says: "You bees know better than to hurt a helpless Breezie!"
Fluttershy says: "I demand that you go away now, or you'll have to answer to me!"
Seabreeze says: "Menkyulen."
Seabreeze says: "Thank you!"
Seabreeze says: "Thank you so much!"
Seabreeze says: "Thank you for coming after me!"
Fluttershy says: "Of course."
Fluttershy says: "You could've gotten seriously hurt out there."
Fluttershy says: "Ponyville is much too dangerous for you."
Fluttershy says: "One tiny acorn is a threat!"
Seabreeze says: "Yeah, I know!"
Seabreeze says: "That is one reason why I have been trying to get us to go from the beginning!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, my goodness."
Fluttershy says: "I was just trying not to hurt any creature's feelings, but my displays of kindness may have cost you everything..."
Fluttershy says: "Time is running out, and you may never make it home!"
Seabreeze says: "That is exactly what I have been telling all of them!"
Seabreeze says: "But they do not listen to me!"
Seabreeze says: "Nobreezie ever listens to me!"
Fluttershy says: "Seabreeze, I understand your feelings are hurt, but it's hard for them to hear you when you're shouting and being mean."
Fluttershy says: "The message doesn't get across."
Seabreeze says: "But what about those bees?"
Seabreeze says: "You were not nice to them, and that was the only way they listened!"
Fluttershy says: "Yes, but they had to go, and they wouldn't listen to me any other way."
Fluttershy says: "We need to go, now!"
Fluttershy says: "My dear Breezies, I had to rescue Seabreeze from serious harm, and now I know more than ever that you must leave before it's too late!"
Fluttershy says: "You would never survive in Ponyville."
Breezies says: "Erski parli polin!"
Fluttershy says: "I can't help you any more."
Fluttershy says: "In fact, I wasn't helping you at all by being nice."
Fluttershy says: "Oh..."
Fluttershy says: "But the truth of the matter is that I must be firm!"
Fluttershy says: "You must go, now!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's too strong!"
Flitter says: "I can't do it any lighter!"
Cloud Chaser says: "Neither can I!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Fly back!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm gonna try and see if I can slow it down."
Rainbow Dash says: "Now it's too light!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, this will never get them home!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, my."
Fluttershy says: "Maybe it's because there are too few of them."
Fluttershy says: "When they started their journey, there was more of them to face the breeze together."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've been studying an old spell book from the Castle of the Two Sisters."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There's a spell that I think could help us!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is probably gonna feel a little funny at first, but you're gonna have to trust me."
Pinkie Pie says: "I love new ideas that make me feel funny at first!"
Fluttershy says: "Maifo flai batendud!"
Fluttershy says: "Um, I mean, let's go!"
Breezette says: "Marskin farskin."
Breezie says: "Metar."
Seabreeze says: "You can do this!"
Seabreeze says: "I am sorry for how I treated you before!"
Seabreeze says: "It was not right that I called you names!"
Seabreeze says: "I did not even really believe those things I said!"
Seabreeze says: "I was worried we would never get back to our home, and I lashed out..."
Seabreeze says: "I know you can do this!"
Seabreeze says: "I believe in you!"
Seabreeze says: "Hold on to me, let us join the group!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Holy mini-sized paradise!"
Rarity says: "This is simply beautiful!"
Rarity says: "So much inspiration."
Rarity says: "Where's my sketchpad when I need it?"
Pinkie Pie says: "So..."
Pinkie Pie says: "stinkin'..."
Pinkie Pie says: "cute!"
Applejack says: "You okay, Fluttershy?"
Fluttershy says: "I'm just so very happy they got to be reunited with their family!"
Rarity says: "We'd better get going before the entrance- well, exit for us, closes."
Fluttershy says: "Goodbye, Breezies."
Fluttershy says: "I must go now."
Seabreeze says: "To remember us by."
Fluttershy says: "My experiences with the Breezies have helped me to see that kindness can take many forms, and sometimes being too kind can actually keep a friend from doing what they need to do."
Fluttershy says: "Pushing them away may seem cruel, but it's sometimes the kindest thing you can do."
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That was a close one!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, gather round."
Rainbow Dash says: "So, uh, I've always kinda wondered what it would be like to be a griffon."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Not a chance."
Rainbow Dash says: "You sure?"
Rainbow Dash says: "What about a dragon?"
Rainbow Dash says: "No?"
Rainbow Dash says: "It doesn't have to shoot fire!"