Spike says: "Didn't we just shelve all the books in the library a few months ago?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes, but that was because we needed to!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is just because I want to!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I call it my "book-sort-cation"!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Three uninterrupted days of reorganizing books."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Can you think of anything more relaxing?"
Spike says: "Well, claw massages, back rubs, bubble baths..."
Spike says: "You weren't really looking for an answer, were you?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've even devised a better system for organizing them."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It decreases the amount of time it takes to find a book you're looking for by nearly three quarters of a second!"
Spike says: "Whoa."
Spike says: "That much?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Look at them all."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why, there must be at least twenty thousand books to organize!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Best long weekend ever!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sure we can make some time for a claw massage and a back rub too."
Spike says: "Yes!"
Spike says: "Best long weekend ever!"
Spike says: "Whoa!"
Spike says: "That strange yellow orb in the sky!"
Spike says: "What is that?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Alright, alright, so it's been a little while since we've seen the sun."
Spike says: "A little while?"
Spike says: "We've been in that library for three straight days!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes, but they were three very productive days!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Even if you did take that two-hour claw massage break."
Spike says: "Hey, you promise a claw massage, I'm getting a claw massage."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's not like we missed anything."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hello, Twilight!"
Discord says: "Hello, Twilight!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hi, Spike!"
Discord says: "Hi, Spike!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hi, Rainbow Dash."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Good to see you, Discord."
Spike says: "Did you rehearse before you found us?"
Rainbow Dash says: "What makes you think we practiced?"
Discord says: "What makes you think we practiced?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come on, Rainbow Dash."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What's going on here?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Sorry."
Rainbow Dash says: "Me and Discord are just messin' around."
Rainbow Dash says: "Like we do."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Since when?"
Discord says: "Oh, Twilight."
Discord says: "We simply had a momentous time together these past three days."
Discord says: "You could say it was..."
Discord says: ""hiss-terical"!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Sneaky snake!"
Discord says: "Just snaking around!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Good one, Discord!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It is?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Kind of an inside joke from this weekend."
Rainbow Dash says: "You wouldn't really get it unless you were there."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay."
Rainbow Dash says: "Cool."
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, uh, catch you later, Twilight!"
Discord says: "Catch you later, Twilight."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That was strange, right?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Since when have Rainbow Dash and Discord had inside jokes?"
Spike says: "Since sometime in the last three days, I guess."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hey!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nopony made you join me on my book-sort-cation."
Spike says: "I'm jokin', I'm jokin'!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity?"
Rarity says: "Twilight!"
Rarity says: "You've returned from your book sorting sabbatical!"
Rarity says: "All that organizing has done wonders for your complexion!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thanks!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It was very relaxing."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And we were able to clear a shelf for those old-fashioned books you wanted to donate."
Rarity says: "Oh, pfft, they're not old, darling."
Rarity says: "They're vintage, and they're over there!"
Rarity says: "I've even included my favorites by former Canterlot designer to the stars Rococo Froufrou!"
Spike says: "Oh, I love her!"
Rarity says: "Him."
Spike says: "Both."
Discord says: "Twilight!"
Discord says: "This makes twice I'm seeing you in one day!"
Discord says: "Aren't I lucky?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Weren't you just with—"
Fluttershy says: "Hi, Twilight!"
Fluttershy says: "Hi, Spike!"
Fluttershy says: "How was your book-sort-cation?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It was good!"
Fluttershy says: "Orange you glad you did it?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, please."
Fluttershy says: "You'll make me blush."
Discord says: "You do seem to be turning a shade of..."
Discord says: "orange!"
Rarity says: "Oh, sorry, darling."
Rarity says: "You see, we were at Sweet Apple Acres and, uh, ooh, how to explain..."
Discord says: "Well, let me try and paint her a picture, dearest."
Spike says: ""Dearest"?"
Discord says: "Oh, who am I kidding?"
Discord says: "I simply can't do it justice."
Discord says: "You really had to be there."
Fluttershy says: "We would've invited you to come along too, but we didn't want to interrupt your organizing."
Fluttershy says: "We know how important it is to you."
Discord says: "And I'm sure it was much more important than the fun that we had."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I appreciate that..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Speaking of books, I should get these on the shelves."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hmm."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow Dash bonding with Discord, Rarity finding something he did genuinely funny..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Must've been some weekend."
Spike says: "Somepony sorry she missed it?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Of course not."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What's got you two in hysterics?"
Discord says: "Oh, we were just reminiscing about the best weekend ever!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "He's everywhere today, isn't he?"
Discord says: "Oh, now where was I?"
Discord says: "Ah, yes, we had just finished our soup, and then Applejack said,  "Peanut butter hoof?"
Discord says: "Yuck, not even with jelly!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Eh, I don't get it."
Pinkie Pie says: "It was hilarious!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I wish we'd taken a picture for you!"
Discord says: "Oh, well, this should do!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I guess that's funny?"
Discord says: "Well, seems this has become quite the..."
Discord says: "sticky situation!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Sticky situation!"
Applejack says: "Aw, shucks, Twilight."
Applejack says: "We haven't even asked how your weekend went."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It was fine!"
Discord says: "And yet you look so glum."
Discord says: "Does somepony need a huggy-wuggy?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I am not glum."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm glad!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm glad you all had such a good time together."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Having inside jokes can really create a lasting bond between friends."
Discord says: "I'm just sorry that all this bonding happened while you were holed up in your castle."
Applejack says: "Heh."
Applejack says: "Oh, don't you worry about Twilight."
Applejack says: "Bet you were in hog heaven organizin' all them books."
Applejack says: "Again."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sure I had just as much fun as the rest of you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't believe I missed out on all that bonding!"
Spike says: "I knew it!"
Spike says: "You are jealous!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike, I'm the Princess of Friendship."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't get jealous."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sorry I missed out because sharing that experience would've helped me with my Princess of Friendship duties!"
Spike says: "Come again?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "If our friends could enjoy three full days with Discord that much, it must have something to do with the specific things they did together!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "If we could find out what those things were, it could be a real breakthrough in the science of friendship!"
Spike says: "Hm."
Spike says: "I guess so."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know so!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You thought our book-sort-cation was fun?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is gonna be even better!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thank you for coming."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I wouldn't have asked you here if it wasn't important."
Pinkie Pie says: "I love important!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I want to know how these funny moments you shared came to pass."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can use this data to help advance friendships all over Equestria."
Applejack says: "Well, I like the sound of that!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Perfect."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Let's start with the snake."
Rainbow Dash says: "I don't know if I can get it out!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's too funny!"
Discord says: "Oh, but we must!"
Discord says: "It's for the greater good!"
Discord says: "It started when we were helping Granny Smith with her garden..."
Applejack says: "Uh, I reckon you mean my sister Apple Bloom."
Discord says: "Eh..."
Discord says: "All you Apples look the same."
Discord says: "And then Rainbow Dash saw a snake!"
Fluttershy says: "I think it was a garden hose."
Rainbow Dash says: "It was a hose snake."
Rainbow Dash says: "Super deadly."
Applejack says: "I recall it bein' a large stick that looked like a hose that, in turn, did in fact resemble a snake."
Pinkie Pie says: "Point is, we galloped away."
Rainbow Dash says: "And it chased after us!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The hose?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "A snake?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "A stick?"
Rainbow Dash says: "A snake!"
Fluttershy says: "A hose!"
Applejack says: "A stick!"
Discord says: "We literally trotted for our lives."
Discord says: "Isn't that hilarious?"
Fluttershy says: "I guess you had to be there."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I do need to be there."
Rarity says: "But you weren't!"
Rarity says: "And it's already happened!"
Rarity says: "Ooh, are you suggesting..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Time travel?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Back to the Future theme plays.
Twilight Sparkle says: "Absolutely not!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Time travel is not something to be messed with."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We simply need to recreate everything that led to these jokes."
Discord says: "Oh, what a brilliant idea!"
Discord says: "Shall we begin with the lunch date that kicked off the glorious weekend you missed out on?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you sure it was this table?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, does it really matter?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "When it comes to science, everything matters."
Twilight Sparkle says: "One change to the equation could ruin the experiment."
Discord says: "Ohhhhhh..."
Discord says: "it was this table here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Alright, so you sat down at the table, and then what happened?"
Rarity says: "Oh, well, first I expressed my displeasure with the design of the menu."
Rarity says: "It—"
Discord says: "I'm sorry to interrupt, but I just noticed something."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes?"
Discord says: "The tablecloth."
Discord says: "It isn't the same color as the one the restaurant used on the day in question."
Twilight Sparkle says: "..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Really?"
Rarity says: "He's right!"
Rarity says: "The tablecloth was red!"
Rarity says: "I remember because it clashed with the font on the menus."
Applejack says: "I don't suppose that means we're gonna need to get a new tablecloth, does it?"
Discord says: "Oh, most definitely."
Fluttershy says: "Ooh."
Pinkie Pie says: "Wowee!"
Discord says: "One change to the equation could ruin the experiment."
Discord says: "Twilight said so herself."
Discord says: "Anything stand out as being different?"
Discord says: "Anything at all?"
Fluttershy says: "Um, I've noticed a couple of things."
Pinkie Pie says: "Me too!"
Discord says: "Excellent!"
Discord says: "A little to the left!"
Discord says: "No, my left!"
Discord says: "A little bit more..."
Discord says: "Oh, no, no, no, no, no, a little more right!"
Pinkie Pie says: "The cloud over our table looked like an ice cream sundae!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Perfect!"
Discord says: "No-no-no-no-no, this is barely room temperature!"
Discord says: "Garçon!"
Discord says: "Garçon, over here!"
Discord says: "No?"
Discord says: "Nothing?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you sure there's not something you've missed?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Some other detail about your lunch together that you're forgetting?"
Discord says: "Well, I don't know about the rest of you, but I feel we've been pretty exhaustive in our attempts to recreate every single detail of our previous encounter."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, Twilight."
Rainbow Dash says: "If you don't get it by now, I don't think you're ever gonna get it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But it is really important that I figure this out."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's for the good of all Equestria!"
Discord says: "Well, perhaps we should have another look at the data we've collected."
Discord says: "Of course!"
Discord says: "There is one last variable that we haven't accounted for."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What?"
Discord says: "You!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Me?"
Discord says: "You weren't there observing us."
Discord says: "No matter how hard we try, we can't possibly recreate our weekend of fun exactly as it happened because you'll always be watching, and you weren't there."
Main cast sans Twilight Sparkle says: "Hmmm."
Pinkie Pie says: "He makes a good point."
Discord says: "It has only served to prove that moments of levity and bonding between friends simply cannot be recreated so that others might share in the experience."
Pinkie Pie says: "He makes another good point!"
Rarity says: "Oh, don't worry, darling."
Rarity says: "I'm sure there'll be plenty of other chances for you to share in the kind of  frivolity we had with Discord while you were away."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, and I'll bet they'll be just as hissssss-terical!"
Fluttershy says: "Absolutely."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm not buying it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Not for a second."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There is definitely something else going on here, Spike!"
Spike says: "Or maybe there isn't, and you should just drop this whole thing and admit that you're a little jealous!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Even if I'm not able to laugh at what happened, I should be able to figure out why they find it funny."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why they think they had this amazing and hilarious time together."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I can't figure it out!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It doesn't make sense!"
Spike says: "Some things just can't be explained."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Our friends think something great happened to them while I was away, but no."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It was something awful!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "If we don't break the spell they're under, who knows what terrible things could happen?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Spike says: "Spell?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come on, Spike!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "There's no time to lose!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Zecora, what do you think?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Can you undo Discord's magic?"
Zecora says: "In what way can you tell that they are indeed under a spell?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "They're having fun with Discord, that's why!"
Zecora says: "Ah."
Zecora says: "A friendship with Discord is truly a shock."
Zecora says: "But who says it is something that we must block?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Trust me, they would never laugh like that unless something magical was involved."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's not that funny."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know funny."
Zecora says: "Alright."
Zecora says: "This potion will break the spell, then you will be able to tell."
Spike says: "Wait."
Spike says: "If that's the potion, then what's brewing in your cauldron?"
Zecora says: "It ties the room together and emits a warm glow."
Zecora says: "But if I am to be honest, it's just for show."
Applejack says: "I wonder why she asked us here so bright and early."
Rarity says: "Another map adventure, perhaps?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Nope, no glowing tushies here!"
Fluttershy says: "Or maybe it's more of a non-adventure."
Fluttershy says: "Maybe she just wants to tell us how last night's slumber went?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hey, gang!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh, you look excited!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I am excited!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're gonna have fun today!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yes!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just one tiny, minuscule, microscopic thing before fun times."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I need everypony to sip this potion to break Discord's spell on you!"
Applejack says: "A what now?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Don't be embarrassed."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So what if Discord cast a spell on you so you thought you had a great time, and now you have all these inside jokes that you seem to be constantly laughing at?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Don't worry!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You didn't have your defenses up."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I get it."
Rainbow Dash says: "You're kidding."
Rarity says: "Twilight, darling, we simply had a nice time with Discord."
Rarity says: "As I recall, we spent much of yesterday afternoon reenacting it for you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh-huh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Or you reenacted what you thought was fun but really wasn't because you were under a spell that made you think what happened was fun!"
Applejack says: "What kind of fertilizer have you had your nose in, Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Be honest."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The only reason you won't drink the potion is because, deep down in your hearts, you know there's a chance that Discord has you under his power!"
Fluttershy says: "Twilight, how could you say such a thing?!"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "I know Discord still makes mistakes sometimes, but you're accusing him of being downright evil!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "And to top it off, you're accusing us of not being able to tell he was up to something!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What do you take us for?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yeah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "take us for?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Dee-licious!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Got any more, Twilight?"
Discord says: "Hi, Twilight!"
Discord says: "The gang mentioned we'd all be hanging out together today!"
Twilight Sparkle says: ""The gang"?"
Discord says: "Yeah!"
Discord says: "The peanut-butter-hoof gang!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's still funny!"
Applejack says: "So much for that whole "spell" theory."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ugh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But it's still not funny!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's funny if you were there."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I wasn't there!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I wasn't included!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe it's my own fault for staying in and having a book-sort-cation when I could have been making jokes and memories and having a great time with my friends!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I didn't do that, did I?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You all did!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You were all there, but—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I wasn't there."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I missed out."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And seeing you having all these jokes I wasn't a part of and couldn't understand made me..."
Spike says: "Jealous?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Princess of Friendship can't get jealous."
Applejack says: "Sure you can, Twilight, and none of us begrudge you for it."
Fluttershy says: "We're sorry if we made you feel left out."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You didn't do anything wrong."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're allowed to share things that don't include me."
Rarity says: "And you're allowed to feel a little jealous about it."
Rarity says: "You just have to be able to admit that that's what you're feeling so you can let it go."
Rainbow Dash says: "And, you know, not try to make us recreate everything that happened when you weren't around."
Discord says: "Of course none of this would've happened if I hadn't encouraged everypony not to invite you this weekend."
Twilight Sparkle says: "They wanted me to be there?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And you convinced them to not invite me?"
Discord says: "Well, I didn't think that they should interrupt you."
Discord says: "But now I see that we should have."
Discord says: "Oh, I feel just terrible."
Pinkie Pie says: "You don't look like you feel terrible."
Discord says: "Better?"
Applejack says: "Wait a minute."
Applejack says: "You didn't suggest not inviting Twilight because you wanted to make her feel left out, did you?"
Discord says: "Of course not."
Discord says: "That whole jealousy thing was just a happy accident."
Discord says: "Certainly we can all agree that Princess Twilight learned a valuable lesson here – that even she can have feelings of jealousy, that she should recognize said feelings rather than trying to pretend that she doesn't have them."
Discord says: "Mm-hmm."
Discord says: "Did I get the tiniest bit of glee out of watching her try to recreate our weekend of fun in the name of science?"
Discord says: "Oh, most definitely!"
Discord says: "But what's important here is that it was never my intent to make Twilight feel jealous."
Discord says: "That's something that the old me would have tried to do."
Discord says: "Orange you glad I've changed?"
Discord says: "I said, Orange you glad I've changed?"
Discord says: "Orange!"
Discord says: "Like the ones at the Applejack farm!"
Discord says: "I-I mean, from this weekend!"
Discord says: "No?"
Discord says: "Nothing?"
Discord says: "Really?"
Discord says: "I thought you'd find this hisss-terical!"
Rarity says: "..."
Rarity says: "Yes, no."
Rarity says: "Discord, I think these jokes have run their course."
Pinkie Pie says: "Only way we'd find them funny now is if you put us all under some kind of spell!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come on, you'd have to be a complete crazy pony to think he'd do something like that!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What are you gonna say next, Pinkie?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That we all have to drink some weird potion to break the spell?"
Discord says: "W-W-What's so funny?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Come on, Discord, do we really have to spell it out for you?"
Discord says: "I-I-I don't get it."
Discord says: "Somepony want to tell me what's so hilarious?"
Discord says: "Anypony?"
Discord says: "Hello?!"
Discord says: "!"
Discord says: "I'm talking to you!"
Discord says: "You!"
Discord says: "And-and you and you!"
Discord says: "W-W-What's funny about spells?"
Discord says: "I mean, really, I don't get it, I feel left out and I feel really bad about that..."
Spike says: "Sorry, buddy."
Spike says: "Guess you had to be there."