Previously on My Little Pony.
Twilight Sparkle says: "This happened while we were gone?"
Applejack says: "Friendship quests beyond Equestria?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're gonna open a school!"
Neighsay says: "We expect you to do things by..."
Neighsay says: "the..."
Neighsay says: "book!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We have a huge responsibility, and I need you all to do this by the book."
Smolder says: "These ponies are the heroes of Equestria?"
Gallus says: "This is just a quick..."
Gallus says: "mental health break."
Neighsay says: "The school is under attack!"
Neighsay says: "Those are students?"
Neighsay says: "I am shutting this school..."
Neighsay says: "down!"
Spike says: "Twilight?"
Spike says: "You feeling okay?"
Spike says: "Look on the bright side."
Spike says: "Sure, the EEA closed your friendship school."
Spike says: "But now you've got time to do other stuff!"
Spike says: "It's like being on vacation!"
Spike says: "Whoa!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "A failure vacation!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm supposed to be the Princess of Friendship!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And all I did was make enemies with Equestria's allies, upset my friends, and get my school..."
Spike says: "Okay, then."
Spike says: "I'm gonna need backup."
Spike says: "Operation Cheer-Up is a go!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Come on, Twilight!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You can't sit around in the boring dark all day!"
Applejack says: "Exactly!"
Applejack says: "What you need is a double dose of Granny Smith's apple mash."
Fluttershy says: "Whenever I'm sad, a hug from Angel Bunny always makes me feel better."
Fluttershy says: "Oh!"
Fluttershy says: "Uh..."
Fluttershy says: "Maybe it's just me."
Rarity says: "I find that nothing brightens my mood like a new ensemble!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You didn't tell me this was a pity party!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I would've brought ice cream!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I appreciate you trying to make me feel better, but not everything can be fixed with dresses and cupcakes."
Pinkie Pie says: "What?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just need some time to be alone and think."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I wondered how long you'd take to get tired of pillow-fort pouting."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everypony's already tried to cheer me up."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It won't work."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm not gonna cheer you up."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm gonna tell you what you did wrong."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You gave up too easily."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Hey, you made me a guidance counselor."
Starlight Glimmer says: "That means tough love."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Neighsay was right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I failed."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The school was a disaster."
Starlight Glimmer says: "So was I when you met me."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But you showed me that when you know in your heart something is right, you stand up for it."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You did that for me."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Why not for this?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't go against the EEA!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "They're in charge of all the schools in Equestria!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "And you're in charge of all the friendship in Equestria."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Why should you let somepony else stop you from doing your job?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But the EEA rulebook—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Doesn't matter!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You can write your own rules!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Because you are doing something new."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Something important!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're right!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why we're doing this is way more important than how we're doing this!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And we are doing this!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Now, that's the Twilight I know."
Starlight Glimmer says: "How can I help?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You already have."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Guess what?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The School of Friendship is back in business!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rarity says: "But why?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, no."
Applejack says: "Bad idea."
Pinkie Pie says: "Do we still get to guess?"
Rainbow Dash says: "No offense, Twilight, but teaching at that school was the most boring, horrible, awful thing ever."
Applejack says: "Uh, pretty sure she's gonna take offense to that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No, Rainbow Dash is right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I owe you all an apology."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I was so focused on doing things the EEA way, I didn't listen to any of you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sorry."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I promise, this time, we'll run the school the way friends should – together."
Rarity says: "So..."
Rarity says: "we'd be allowed to teach however we want to?"
Fluttershy says: "No more scary pop quizzes?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Confetti cannons for everycreature?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Whatever you need to teach the Elements of Harmony."
Pinkie Pie says: "Yippeeeee!"
Applejack says: "Well, in that case, we're behind you one hundred percent, Twilight."
Spike says: "Just two small problems."
Spike says: "The school is still unaccredited..."
Spike says: "..."
Spike says: "and we don't have any students."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'll take care of the first part if you five can round up our class."
Rainbow Dash says: "Totally!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "how?"
Applejack says: "Roundin' up the pony students ain't gonna be an issue, but..."
Fluttershy says: "The creatures from the other kingdoms seemed pretty upset with us."
Rarity says: "Pfft!"
Rarity says: "Nonsense!"
Rarity says: "I'm certain we can win them over with our charm and style!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Cupcake-gram for Prince Rutherfoooord!"
Prince Rutherford says: "Why pink pony here?"
Prince Rutherford says: "Yaks mad at ponies!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Because..."
Pinkie Pie says: "you don't have to be mad anymore!"
Pinkie Pie says: "We're reopening Twilight Sparkle's School of Friendship!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And it's gonna be super-uper-duper better than before!"
Pinkie Pie says: "We're—"
Rarity says: "—"
Rarity says: "ever so sorry about the misunderstanding."
Rarity says: "All creatures are, of course, welcome."
Fluttershy says: "We would be really happy if you sent your student back to class."
Applejack says: "It won't be the same without 'em."
Applejack says: "We're open and ready to start teachin'—"
Rainbow Dash says: "—"
Rainbow Dash says: "right now!"
Rainbow Dash says: "So, what are you waiting for?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Get your student and let's go!"
Grampa Gruff says: "Not happenin'!"
Grampa Gruff says: "Listen, missy!"
Grampa Gruff says: "It's not happenin' because—"
Grampa Gruff says: "Our student is gone!"
Ember says: "Our student is gone!"
Prince Rutherford says: "Our student is gone!"
Seaspray says: "Our student is gone!"
Thorax says: "Our student is gone!"
Applejack says: "What?!"
Fluttershy says: "What?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What?!"
Rarity says: "What?!"
Applejack says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rarity says: "!"
Prince Rutherford says: "Where Yona?!"
Prince Rutherford says: "!"
Prince Rutherford says: "This all pony's fault!"
Ember says: "You're pretty quick to blame them!"
Ember says: "What are you hiding, yak?!"
Ember says: "!"
Thorax says: "C-Can..."
Thorax says: "Can we just focus on finding our lost students?"
Grampa Gruff says: "Nice try!"
Grampa Gruff says: "You grubs are probably hidin' the whole lot of 'em!"
Princess Celestia says: "Please, everycreature!"
Princess Celestia says: "If you can just explain what happened..."
Seaspray says: "The students left us notes before they disappeared."
Seaspray says: "When the school closed, they didn't want to say goodbye to each other."
Seaspray says: "They claim they ran away to stay together."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't believe it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "They did learn friendship!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sorry."
Seaspray says: "The students couldn't have done this by themselves."
Seaspray says: "Some creature is hiding them!"
Seaspray says: "If the niece of our queen is not found soon, I promise there will be retribution!"
Ember says: "Yeah?"
Ember says: "Well, my dragons will burn every kingdom until we find which of you is hiding Smolder!"
Grampa Gruff says: "Tell it to the griffon army!"
Prince Rutherford says: "Yaks fight griffons and dragons!"
Thorax says: "The Changeling Empire can't afford an international incident."
Thorax says: "If any creature blames the changelings for this—"
Ember says: "What are you up to, shapeshifter?!"
Ember says: "!"
Thorax says: "B-But we're friends!"
Princess Celestia says: "Find the students quickly, Twilight, or I fear our world will be at war!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Let's review what we know."
Spike says: "Smolder, Ocellus, Silverstream, Yona, and Gallus disappeared together."
Spike says: "That's all we know."
Applejack says: "They're probably just off hidin' somewhere."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Unless they used some kind of spell to disappear."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ooh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Or went undercover!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Maybe they were attacked by a ferocious shrimp!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Nopony ever expects that!"
Fluttershy says: "Shrimps can attack?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Nope!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That's why nopony expects it."
Sandbar says: "Whoa!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hi, Sandbar!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Are you having a party?"
Sandbar says: "No!"
Sandbar says: "I'm just, um..."
Sandbar says: "really hungry?"
Sandbar says: "Yeah?"
Rarity says: "We need to think like our students."
Rarity says: "If someone told us we would never see each other again, what would we do?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Go someplace we could all hang out and eat lots and lots of cupcakes!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What?"
Fluttershy says: "Sandbar was friends with all of the missing students..."
Fluttershy says: "and he just got plenty of cupcakes."
Applejack says: "Huh."
Applejack says: "He was at the farm this mornin' pickin' up a wagonload of apples..."
Rarity says: "And I saw him in a shop buying pillows and blankets!"
Rainbow Dash says: "He must be taking all that stuff to the other students!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We've gotta follow him!"
Gallus says: "Huh."
Gallus says: "This place is way cooler than I thought it'd be."
Smolder says: "Even I'm impressed."
Smolder says: "What's it called again, Ocellus?"
Ocellus says: "The Castle of the Two Sisters."
Ocellus says: "I remembered it from class."
Ocellus says: "Princess Twilight's "History of Pre-Equestrian Friendships"."
Gallus says: "Huh."
Gallus says: "Who knew?"
Gallus says: "School was actually good for something."
Yona says: "Yona not really like school."
Yona says: "But Yona like new friends!"
Smolder says: "Smolder..."
Smolder says: "like breathing!"
Silverstream says: "Hey, you guys!"
Silverstream says: "Sandbar's back!"
Yona says: "Cupcakes are best cakes!"
Sandbar says: "Aah!"
Sandbar says: "Thanks for the assist, Gallus."
Ocellus says: "Pillows!"
Ocellus says: "How nice!"
Ocellus says: "The castle is gonna be so much more comfy."
Smolder says: "And fun!"
Smolder says: "Pillow fight!"
Silverstream says: "You guys!"
Silverstream says: "I just found stairs!"
Gallus says: "Aaaand we care because..."
Gallus says: "?"
Silverstream says: "Stairs are awesome!"
Silverstream says: "We don't have anything like 'em underwater, 'cause you know,  no way to climb 'em!"
Rest of students says: "Ohhhh."
Silverstream says: "This place has everything!"
Silverstream says: "If only my family back home could see it..."
Ocellus says: "I wish the other changelings could meet you all."
Ocellus says: "You're not nearly as strange as the stories say."
Smolder says: "Gee, thanks."
Smolder says: "But yeah, hanging out with other creatures is actually..."
Smolder says: "not bad."
Sandbar says: "Uh, most other creatures."
Sandbar says: "What is that thing?"
Ocellus says: "Am I the only one who didn't sleep through Professor Fluttershy's "Critters of Comfort and Conflict" class?"
Ocellus says: "It's a puckwudgie."
Ocellus says: "Maybe I can make friends with it!"
Ocellus says: "Oops."
Yona says: "Yak plan better."
Smolder says: "Think, Ocellus!"
Smolder says: "Did Professor Fluttershy say anything about how to beat puckwudgies in her lecture?!"
Smolder says: "!"
Ocellus says: "Uh..."
Ocellus says: "I'm sorry, I can't remember!"
Gallus says: "I'm gonna go ahead and guess it's not pillows, apples—"
Gallus says: "..."
Gallus says: "or cupcakes."
Silverstream says: "Wouldn't class have been about how to make friends with them?"
Sandbar says: "Uh, guys?"
Sandbar says: "They're getting really close..."
Yona says: "Yona not scared!"
Yona says: "Yona have friends!"
Gallus says: "Is that Professor Egghead?!"
Gallus says: "!"
Spike says: "Aw, yeah!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh!"
Fluttershy says: "Don't hurt them!"
Fluttershy says: "Just ask them to leave nicely."
Yona says: "Not bad!"
Yona says: "For pony."
Ocellus says: "Wow!"
Ocellus says: "They're amazing!"
Gallus says: "I had no idea our teachers were actually cool."
Sandbar says: "I've been trying to tell you!"
Silverstream says: "Did you see that?!"
Silverstream says: "!"
Silverstream says: "Rainbow Dash was like voooooom and then werrrrr, and the puckwudgies went flying!"
Silverstream says: "And then the birds came and—"
Silverstream says: "!"
Smolder says: "Yeah, we all just lived it."
Smolder says: "But you're right."
Smolder says: "That was pretty amazing."
Smolder says: "Even by dragon standards."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Is everycreature alright?"
Spike says: "You're lucky we got here in time!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You know, this probably isn't the safest place for a campout."
Ocellus says: "Does that mean you're going to send us back to our homes?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Not exactly."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We have another option in mind."
Gallus says: "We're listening."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's pretty clear you've already started learning friendship without your teachers."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But we'd like to show you even more..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "if you'd come back to school?"
Smolder says: "Not much of a choice."
Applejack says: "To be honest, we felt exactly the same way when Twilight told us she was reopening the school."
Rarity says: "But this time, we guarantee it shall be different."
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, yeah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "With class run my way, it'll be two hundred and twenty percent cooler."
Fluttershy says: "And without the EEA—"
Fluttershy says: "—"
Fluttershy says: "it'll be much friendlier."
Pinkie Pie says: "Plus, all your nations won't go to war if you come back with us!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Bonus!"
Sandbar says: "Wait."
Sandbar says: "What's happening?"
Princess Celestia says: "Twilight!"
Princess Celestia says: "I was so relieved to get your letter!"
Seaspray says: "As was Queen Novo."
Seaspray says: "Oh, we're just glad you're alright, Silverstream!"
Grampa Gruff says: "Don't expect a welcome party from me, sonny!"
Grampa Gruff says: "It's time you got home!"
Gallus says: "I'm not leaving."
Grampa Gruff says: "Whaaaat?!"
Grampa Gruff says: "!"
Ocellus says: "None of us are."
Ocellus says: "Sorry, Thorax."
Prince Rutherford says: "Yak not understand."
Prince Rutherford says: "This pony joke?"
Smolder says: "No."
Smolder says: "We're going back to school."
Ember says: "How?"
Ember says: "You can't even get inside!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "School is back in session!"
Neighsay says: "Who dared remove my seal?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I did, Chancellor Neighsay!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And I respectfully ask you to step aside, or classes will start late."
Neighsay says: "Classes won't start at all!"
Neighsay says: "The EEA has spoken, and none shall pass!"
Yona says: "Yak pass if yak say!"
Yona says: "Hmph!"
Neighsay says: "This is for the greater good."
Neighsay says: "The school was disorganized, the teachers unqualified!"
Neighsay says: "And those dangerous and unpredictable "students" put ponies' lives in danger!"
Ember says: "I'll show you unpredictable!"
Princess Celestia says: "Hold on, please!"
Princess Celestia says: "I'm sure Princess Twilight Sparkle has a good explanation for all of this."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I do!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's true that my School of Friendship is EEA-unaccredited..."
Spike says: "Look!"
Spike says: "She said it without doing the eye thing!"
Neighsay says: "Then it is not a school!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's not an EEA school."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's a friendship school with its own rules."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I should know."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I wrote the book!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "These students reminded me that every friendship is special, so the way we teach it has to be just as unique."
Twilight Sparkle says: "My school is going to do things differently."
Neighsay says: "Allowing all of these creatures to attend your school, changing the rules for them – it simply won't work!"
Princess Celestia says: "I seem to recall something about Earth ponies, unicorns, and Pegasi doing something similar, don't you?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I promise you, Chancellor."
Twilight Sparkle says: "My school will help protect Equestria."
Neighsay says: "Or destroy it!"
Grampa Gruff says: "Hmph."
Grampa Gruff says: "How is this school going to be any different from last time?"
Twilight Sparkle.
This brand new school of friendship.
Is home to everyone.
Ocellus.
We're learning how to trust.
Gallus.
We're here to all have fun.
Rarity.
With friendship ties that bind us.
Applejack.
Tighter than the strongest bonds.
Fluttershy.
We're hoof-in-hoof.
All.
In hand in hoof in wing or even claw.
Twilight Sparkle.
There's a griffon in the garden.
Rainbow Dash.
Hippogriffs hang in the hall.
Spike.
And the door will be open.
To all creatures great and small.
Pinkie Pie.
And a yak or two or three.
Yaks.
Sing in perfect harmony.
Starlight Glimmer.
That might have been a changeling.
Fluttershy.
But it kind of looks like me.
All.
This school of friendship is for all of us.
A place where we belong.
Where we all learn to share and trust.
The only rule here is to find your way.
And friendship always wins at the end of the day.
Twilight Sparkle.
Some things you just can't teach with books.
Some things you only know.
So trust your heart and let us lead.
And your friendship's sure to grow.
Students.
And once we master kindness.
We will spread it 'cross this land.
All.
And give the gift that's ours to share.
So others understand.
This school of friendship is for all of us.
A place where we belong.
Where we all learn to share and trust.
The only rule here is to find your way.
And friendship always wins at the end of the day!
Ember says: "Ugh, fine!"
Ember says: "If you promise to stop singing, Smolder can stay!"
Smolder says: "Wahoo!"
Prince Rutherford says: "Uh, if dragon stay, yak stay."
Thorax says: "I know you will make the changelings proud, Ocellus."
Seaspray says: "You belong here."
Seaspray says: "Now, can you show me those stair things you mentioned?"
Grampa Gruff says: "What?"
Grampa Gruff says: "You belong at home!"
Grampa Gruff says: "You think I care if you've made friends?"
Gallus says: "Please, Grandpa Gruff?"
Grampa Gruff says: "Alright, alright!"
Grampa Gruff says: "Stop doing that!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Guess I make a pretty good guidance counselor, huh?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Writing the rulebook was the most fun ever!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't wait to start working on the new lesson plans!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "with some help from my friends."