Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't believe you two are going on a friendship quest!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is amazing!"
Applejack says: "What do you mean, Twilight?"
Applejack says: "We've been on one together before."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Exactly!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is the first time the map has teamed up the same ponies for a second quest!"
Fluttershy says: "That is special."
Applejack says: "Heh."
Applejack says: "Must be 'cause we're extra good at solvin' friendship problems."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I hope so, 'cause it looks like this one might be a little tricky."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're going to the Peaks of Peril."
Fluttershy says: "The Peaks of..."
Fluttershy says: "P-P-Peril?!"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Applejack says: "Aw, it's just a name."
Applejack says: "It doesn't mean anythin'."
Fluttershy says: "Like how Cloudsdale is in the clouds and the Crystal Empire's made of crystal?"
Applejack says: "Fair point."
Applejack says: "So, what can ya tell us about the place, Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Only what Rockhoof told me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Back in his day, nopony knew much about the Peaks of Peril except for the legend on this ancient shield."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It says a group called the Kirin used to live there, known for their kindness and truth-speaking."
Applejack says: "Now we know why the Map called us."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Unfortunately, other creatures also lived there."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Nirik, fearsome beasts of pure fire."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sorry, Fluttershy."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Flanks don't lie."
Applejack says: "Aw, I'm sure the two of us'll get that friendship problem solved, no matter what kind o' creature has it."
Applejack says: "Guess nopony else is goin' out as far as we are."
Fluttershy says: "Maybe they know something we don't?"
Applejack says: "Now, Fluttershy, I've told you a dozen times."
Applejack says: "There's nothin' to be sca—"
"Loose Tracks" says: "I'm sorry."
Fluttershy says: "You really startled us."
"Loose Tracks" says: "Oh, it's just that I'm not used to seeing anypony taking the train to..."
"Loose Tracks" says: "the end of the line."
"Loose Tracks" says: "The final destination."
"Loose Tracks" says: "The last stop!"
Applejack says: "We get the picture."
Applejack says: "Why?"
"Loose Tracks" says: "Nothing but uncharted terrain and wild beasts out that way."
Applejack says: "Well, maybe there's a little somethin' to be scared of."
Applejack says: "Yah!"
Fly-ders buzzing.
Applejack says: "Yah!"
Fly-ders buzzing.
Fluttershy says: "There."
Fluttershy says: "That should be enough flowers to keep your tree cozy."
Applejack says: "Fluttershy!"
Applejack says: "What are you doin'?!"
Applejack says: "!"
Applejack says: "This is no time for visitin' varmints!"
Applejack says: "We're on a friendship quest, remember?!"
Applejack says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "Yes, but actua—"
Applejack says: "Come on!"
Applejack says: "We're burnin' daylight!"
Fluttershy says: "I know, but what I found out is that—"
Applejack says: "Now, we gotta get up that peak!"
Applejack says: "I figure if we use some rope and elbow grease, we can make it up half—"
Fluttershy says: "Applejack!"
Fluttershy says: "Can you please listen to me?!"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "What I'm trying to say is the squirrels told me a shortcut they take to the Kirin village."
Applejack says: "Oh."
Applejack says: "Sorry, Fluttershy."
Applejack says: "I suppose I got a little too caught up in the adventure."
Fluttershy says: "That's all right."
Fluttershy says: "If you hadn't come back to get me, I probably would've talked to the squirrels all day."
Fluttershy says: "Heh."
Fluttershy says: "I hope that's not a Nirik!"
Applejack says: "Show yourself!"
Applejack says: "Well, hi."
Applejack says: "I'm Applejack, and this here's Fluttershy."
Fluttershy says: "If you have any friendship problems, we're here to help."
Applejack says: "Huh."
Applejack says: "We're from Equestria, and we're plumb tickled to meet y'all."
Applejack says: "S-So, uh..."
Applejack says: "what are your names?"
Applejack says: "Ap-ple-jack!"
Applejack says: "Flut-ter-shy!"
Applejack says: "Remember?"
Fluttershy says: "Maybe they don't understand us."
Applejack says: "Do."
Applejack says: "You."
Applejack says: "Un-der-stand."
Applejack says: "Ponish?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh!"
Fluttershy says: "But you don't speak?"
Applejack says: "Don't or won't?"
Fluttershy says: "Will you excuse us for a moment?"
Fluttershy says: "You have to ask yes-or-no questions, or they won't answer."
Applejack says: "Like talkin' to Angel Bunny?"
Fluttershy says: "Not exactly."
Fluttershy says: "I can always tell what Angel is feeling."
Fluttershy says: "But these Kirin don't show anything."
Applejack says: "Well, how are we gonna solve a friendship problem if none of 'em will tell us what it is?"
Applejack says: "These Kirin are quieter than an apple blossom on snowfall."
Applejack says: "Still, there's gotta be some way to make 'em speak."
Applejack says: "Beautiful day, ain't it?"
Applejack says: "Knock, knock!"
Applejack says: "Now you say, "Who's there?"
Applejack says: "Police."
Applejack says: ""Police who?"
Applejack says: "" Police  say somethin'!"
Applejack says: "Uh-oh!"
Applejack says: "I feel a sneeze comin' on!"
Applejack says: "Aaaa-CHOOOOO!"
Fluttershy says: "Gesundheit."
Applejack says: "Don't any o' y'all talk?!"
Applejack says: "!"
Applejack says: "Now we're gettin' somewhere."
Fluttershy says: "A dark spooky path that leads into unknown territory?"
Applejack says: "Tell you what, sugarcube."
Applejack says: "You stay and see if you can get anythin' outta these here Kirin."
Applejack says: "I'll go and try to find one that talks."
Fluttershy says: "Phew!"
Fluttershy says: "Be careful."
Fluttershy says: "And watch out for Niriks!"
Applejack says: "Oh."
Applejack says: "Have you seen a Kirin that talks?"
Applejack says: "Any idea where I should look?"
Applejack says: "Oh, for the love of Celestia!"
Applejack says: "Can't ya just say somethin'?!"
Applejack says: "!"
Autumn Blaze says: "Gotcha!"
Autumn Blaze says: "Sorry, sorry, but that was too good."
Autumn Blaze says: "Oh, you don't know how much I missed jokes."
Autumn Blaze says: "Hi-larity!"
Autumn Blaze says: "Am I pronouncing that right?"
Autumn Blaze says: "Some words I haven't said in a will."
Autumn Blaze says: "While!"
Autumn Blaze says: "While."
Autumn Blaze says: "Hi, I'm Autumn Blaze."
Autumn Blaze says: "You've just arrived, and perhaps you're tired or hungry or reflective and want to sleep and eat and journal?"
Autumn Blaze says: "Which you should do, of course!"
Autumn Blaze says: "But first—"
Autumn Blaze says: "Oh!"
Autumn Blaze says: "Oh, what joy to talk with another creature!"
Autumn Blaze says: "It's been so long!"
Autumn Blaze says: "You must tell me everything about you!"
Autumn Blaze says: "There's so much to say, so much to do!"
Autumn Blaze says: "Oh, look at me."
Autumn Blaze says: "I'm going on, and you haven't seen—"
Autumn Blaze says: "I mean, have you seen—"
Autumn Blaze says: "?"
Autumn Blaze says: "W-What am I saying?"
Autumn Blaze says: "Of course you haven't."
Autumn Blaze says: "So just—"
Autumn Blaze says: "I—"
Autumn Blaze says: "yeah—"
Autumn Blaze says: "I will j—"
Autumn Blaze says: "Follow me!"
Applejack says: "That..."
Applejack says: "was somethin', all right."
Applejack says: "Oh, wow."
Applejack says: "This..."
Applejack says: "is amazin'."
Autumn Blaze says: "Oh, you think so, too?!"
Autumn Blaze says: "!"
Autumn Blaze says: "The way the light shimmers off everything, like, like it all suddenly woke up the moment you saw it."
Autumn Blaze says: "And you realize maybe the water and the mountains and the forest and the..."
Autumn Blaze says: "yes, the rainbow and the stars and the sky are all looking back at you thinking the same thing?"
Autumn Blaze says: "That we are a part of the everything."
Autumn Blaze says: "That maybe there's just one thing and we are all it."
Applejack says: "I was gonna say it's pretty."
Applejack says: "But yeah."
Autumn Blaze says: "Mmmm!"
Autumn Blaze says: "And this is just the first stop on a journey of amazing things to see, smell, tiptoe through."
Autumn Blaze says: "Oh, I haven't been able to share all of this with anypony in forever!"
Autumn Blaze says: "Since they all took that vow of silence."
Autumn Blaze says: "So it's a lot for me to pro-cess."
Autumn Blaze says: "Process?"
Autumn Blaze says: "Uh, deal with."
Applejack says: "Whoa there."
Applejack says: "Vow of silence?"
Autumn Blaze says: "That's, uh..."
Autumn Blaze says: "That's why they asked me to leave."
Applejack says: "I hope it's not a sore subject, but..."
Applejack says: "you mind explainin' why y'all went quiet in the first place?"
Autumn Blaze says: "It's a long story."
Applejack says: "You'd rather not talk about it?"
Autumn Blaze says: "No."
Applejack says: "I-I under—"
Autumn Blaze says: "I'd rather..."
Autumn Blaze says: "siiiiiiiiiiiing!"
Autumn Blaze.
La, la-la-la, la-la.
La-la-la, la-la-la.
The Kirin used to speak and sing.
We weren't always quiet.
We told stories and funny jokes.
My stand-up was a riot.
But then one day, a fight broke out.
And hurtful words were said.
Flaring tempers were inflamed.
Destruction quickly spread.
And flaming bred from head to head.
It even burnt our... bread.
Sorry, I forgot how much I love rhyming. Where was I? Oh, right!
My happy village lay in ruins.
Relationships got worse.
That words could be a curse.
The last thing said aloud.
Into the Stream of Silence.
We stepped as a crowd.
The water cooled emotions.
And peace was soon restored.
But with no way to speak my thoughts.
I got super... bored.
Seriously, there's only so long that Sudoku can keep you entertained!
Unless you let it rain.
And shiny apples sometimes come with worms.
No, you can't give up your laughter.
It's a lesson that the Kirin never learned.
I was stuck in silent prison.
With the voices in my head.
In a helpful flowerbed.
I found a cure to clear my pipes.
And I became quite chatty.
With years and years of stored-up words.
I drove my village batty.
They didn't like my jokes and songs.
And daily dose of news.
The plays I wrote, the speeches spoke.
Variety revues.
Or the story about the Kirin who hid below an opera stage.
And fell in love with this opera singer, and he wore a freaky half-mask thing, and he played the organ a lot and got all broody 'cause the singer was in love with another dude, so he took her away on this underground gondola. I mean, who doesn't love musical theater?!
The village leader made it clear.
I had to make my choice.
I could stay and live with them.
Or I could keep my voice.
So I came here, but left the couch alone.
They're hard to move.
With just the view for company.
Until ya heard me groove.
Take it away, boys!
Unless you let it rain.
And candles just won't glow until they're burned.
No, you can't give up your laughter.
It's a lesson that my village never learned.
No matter how hard I schooled them.
Fear of hurt is still what ruled them.
Sometimes you gotta let it raaaaaaaain!
Yeah, sometimes you've gotta let it rain.
Applejack says: "I can't believe it!"
Applejack says: "Nopony should give up feelin'..."
Applejack says: "their feelin's just to keep from gettin' angry!"
Autumn Blaze says: "That's what I said!"
Autumn Blaze says: "You know, after I started talking again."
Applejack says: "I bet this here's the problem that Fluttershy and I came to help y'all with!"
Autumn Blaze says: "Really?"
Autumn Blaze says: "Who's Fluttershy?"
Autumn Blaze says: "Oh!"
Autumn Blaze says: "Did you name your shadow?"
Autumn Blaze says: "Mine's called "Silhouette Gloom of the Sundown Lands"."
Applejack says: "Right..."
Applejack says: "Well, I'm thinkin' if we just go talk to the other Kirin, we can get 'em to welcome you back proper-like."
Applejack says: "Maybe even convince 'em to take your cure."
Autumn Blaze says: "Oh, yes!"
Autumn Blaze says: "Yes, of course!"
Autumn Blaze says: "Oh, just one small thing."
Autumn Blaze says: "The antidote from my anecdote?"
Autumn Blaze says: "It's gone."
Applejack says: "There's no cure left?!"
Applejack says: "!"
Autumn Blaze says: "I used the last of the foal's-breath flowers to make it."
Autumn Blaze says: "And I-I haven't seen them bloom since."
Applejack says: "Well, this wouldn't be a friendship quest if it was easy."
Applejack says: "I'm gonna start by gettin' your friends to welcome you back!"
Autumn Blaze says: "You know, between you and me, I'm not sure she's gonna convince them."
Autumn Blaze says: "I hope she does."
Applejack says: "Fluttershy!"
Applejack says: "Guess what!"
Applejack says: "I figured out the friendship problem!"
Fluttershy says: "I figured out the friendship problem!"
Applejack says: "Me, too!"
Fluttershy says: "Me, too!"
Applejack says: "Go ahead!"
Fluttershy says: "Go ahead!"
Applejack says: "Bet that's a problem the Kirin never have."
Fluttershy says: "No."
Applejack says: "Anyhow, we gotta get 'em all talkin' again."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, no-no-no-no-no!"
Fluttershy says: "We can't ever let that happen!"
Applejack says: "I thought you said you figured out the friendship problem."
Applejack says: "Was somethin' lost in translation?"
Fluttershy says: "The Kirin are usually peaceful and kind."
Fluttershy says: "But when they get mad, they turn into Niriks, creatures made of fire and vengeance!"
Applejack says: "Heh."
Applejack says: "That seemed less scary when it was in a song."
Fluttershy says: "The last time they all argued, they got so angry, they accidentally destroyed their whole village."
Fluttershy says: "So the Kirin decided to make sure it would never happen again."
Applejack says: "But that's no reason to stop talkin'."
Fluttershy says: "Yes, it is!"
Fluttershy says: "Fire is dangerous, especially in a forest like this."
Fluttershy says: "Why, think of all the animals it could hurt."
Applejack says: "Not if they don't turn into fire-breathin' Nirik in the first place."
Fluttershy says: "And how can you be sure that won't happen?"
Applejack says: "There's gotta be a better way than givin' up all your feelin's!"
Fluttershy says: "Applejack!"
Fluttershy says: "You're not listening!"
Applejack says: "'Cause you're not talkin' any sense!"
Fluttershy says: "Um, what are they doing?"
Fluttershy says: "Maybe they got worried because we were arguing with each other."
Applejack says: "Aw, shucks!"
Applejack says: "We were just havin' a normal, civil disagreement!"
Applejack says: "Honest!"
Fluttershy says: "W-Where are they taking us?!"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Applejack says: "To the Stream of Silence!"
Applejack says: "If we hit that water, we'll never be able to talk or feel anythin' ever again!"
Autumn Blaze says: "Put them down!"
Applejack says: "It's all right."
Applejack says: "I think I know this one."
Applejack says: "And she's tryin' to help."
Autumn Blaze says: "Well, yeah!"
Autumn Blaze says: "Can't have them silence the only friend who'll speak to me."
Fluttershy says: "She talks?"
Applejack says: "You have no idea."
Applejack says: "Fluttershy, meet Autumn Blaze."
Fluttershy says: "Well, thank you for that..."
Fluttershy says: "um, wall of fire."
Fluttershy says: "But I thought Niriks were dangerous when they're angry."
Fluttershy says: "How did you know you could control your temper?"
Autumn Blaze says: "I didn't."
Autumn Blaze says: "Huh."
Autumn Blaze says: "I guess anger's like other feelings."
Autumn Blaze says: "It's not about having them."
Autumn Blaze says: "It's what you do with them."
Applejack says: "And givin' up happiness to keep away anger is no kind o' life."
Fluttershy says: "I never thought of it that way."
Fluttershy says: "I can't imagine not being able to talk to my animal friends."
Autumn Blaze says: "Fern Flare, you used to love to laugh at everything."
Autumn Blaze says: "And Rain Shine, you sung the most beautiful harmonies."
Autumn Blaze says: "Don't you miss it?"
Applejack says: "I know you're worried about fightin'."
Applejack says: "But friends can disagree without causin' a ruckus."
Fluttershy says: "Everypony gets mad sometimes."
Fluttershy says: "Even Applejack and I argue."
Applejack says: "What?!"
Applejack says: "!"
Applejack says: "When do we ever argue?"
Fluttershy says: "On the way here?"
Fluttershy says: "And about the Kirin being silent?"
Fluttershy says: "And right now!"
Applejack says: "We don't always see eye-to-eye."
Applejack says: "But we never let that get in the way of our friendship."
Fluttershy says: "And if you're really angry, then take some time away to be a Nirik where it won't hurt anypony."
Applejack says: "I-I think they're tryin' to say somethin'."
Autumn Blaze says: "Okay, are you hungry?"
Autumn Blaze says: "Oh, no."
Autumn Blaze says: "Is some Kirin trapped in a well?"
Autumn Blaze says: "Okay, "baby"."
Autumn Blaze says: ""Baby fish"."
Autumn Blaze says: ""Ba"—"
Autumn Blaze says: ""Ba"—"
Autumn Blaze says: "No."
Autumn Blaze says: ""Baby fish mouth"?"
Autumn Blaze says: "Uh, something?"
Autumn Blaze says: "Anything?!"
Autumn Blaze says: "!"
Autumn Blaze says: "You were saying?"
Autumn Blaze says: "Ohhhh!"
Autumn Blaze says: "You want the cure for the Stream of Silence!"
Fluttershy says: "That's wonderful!"
Fluttershy says: "Uh, isn't it?"
Applejack says: "Well, it would be."
Applejack says: "Except there aren't any flowers left to make the cure."
Fluttershy says: "Are you sure?"
Autumn Blaze says: "Oh, beyond sure."
Autumn Blaze says: "Believe me, I've had a lot of alone time lately."
Autumn Blaze says: "I searched the entire forest seventy-three and a half times."
Autumn Blaze says: "Although I wonder if that second half could make a difference."
Fluttershy says: "Hmm."
Fluttershy says: "I wish she'd told us what kind of flowers she's looking for."
Applejack says: "They're called foal's-breath."
Fluttershy says: "I've never heard of that."
Applejack says: "Uh, Fluttershy?"
Applejack says: "A little help?"
Fluttershy says: "He says he knows where to find more foal's-breath!"
Applejack says: "Well, what are we waitin' for?"
Applejack says: "Lead the way!"
Fluttershy says: "That's what foal's-breath looks like?!"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Applejack says: "Autumn Blaze never would've made it past the Peaks to search here."
Applejack says: "I owe you an apology."
Fluttershy says: "Why?"
Applejack says: "'Cause if your kindness hadn't made you stop to help the squirrels, we never would've found this here flower."
Fluttershy says: "And if your honesty hadn't convinced the Kirin to talk, we wouldn't need to find it."
Applejack says: "Guess it's a good thing the map sent both of us, huh?"
Autumn Blaze says: "You found them?!"
Autumn Blaze says: "!"
Autumn Blaze says: "Where were they?!"
Autumn Blaze says: "!"
Autumn Blaze says: "Tell me everything, and feel free to add complicated descriptions and comedic tangents!"
Autumn Blaze says: "Oh."
Autumn Blaze says: "Right."
Autumn Blaze says: "First things first."
Kirin laughing, cheering, singing.
Rain Shine says: "Autumn Blaze, you have given us a gift."
Rain Shine says: "The realization that anger is within us, but it is our choice how we let it out."
Rain Shine says: "We would very much like it if you came back to live with us."
Rain Shine says: "I can't say how much we've missed your beautiful voice."
Autumn Blaze.
Unless you let it rain.
And candles just won't glow until they're burned.
No, you can't give up your laughter.
It's a lesson that my village never learned.
Oh, yes, 'cause rainbows won't light up the sky.
Unless you let it...
Raaaaaaaain!