Rainbow Dash says: "You gotta really flap 'em hard."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Whoa!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, maybe not quite that hard."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Whoa!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oof!"
Applejack says: "Lookin' good up there, Princess Twilight."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Applejack, you know you don't have to call me that."
Rarity says: "Why do you protest so?"
Rarity says: "You've already given up wearing your crown all the time."
Rarity says: "The least you can do is embrace your new title."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If other ponies want to address me that way, I suppose it's fine, but..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "not my friends."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It just doesn't feel right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And neither does all this flying business."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Summer Sun Celebration is only two days away, and I'm never gonna be ready to perform my part."
Rainbow Dash says: "Not if you spend all your time down here, you won't!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Now get up there and show everypony the big finish!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Woo-hoo!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Whaaaa!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oof!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oof!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Wow!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That was a big finish!"
Rarity says: "You look amazing, darling."
Rarity says: "They've really captured your regality."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I suppose."
Rarity says: "Oh, don't be so modest."
Rarity says: "It's everypony's dream to someday wear a crown and have their coronation ceremony preserved in stained glass for all to see."
Rainbow Dash says: "I don't know if it's everypony's dream."
Pinkie Pie says: "Most of my dreams are about frosting!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ohohohoho..."
Fluttershy says: "We'd better get going."
Fluttershy says: "We don't want to miss our train."
Applejack says: "Fluttershy's right."
Applejack says: "Don't know about y'all, but I've still got bushels to do to get ready."
Applejack says: "The official celebration may be here in Canterlot, but hoo-wee, has the Mayor put us in charge of one heck of a party back home."
Applejack says: "Aw, don't look like that, sugarcube."
Applejack says: "You get to be right there with the other Princesses when Celestia raises the sun."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And I'm honored."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Really, I am."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's just that the Summer Sun Celebration is what first brought us all together."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It just doesn't feel right not getting to spend such a special day with my Ponyville friends."
Rarity says: "It doesn't feel right to us either, darling."
Rarity says: "If the Mayor wasn't so desperate for our assistance, we'd most certainly stay here in Canterlot."
Rarity says: "And of course we do understand that your royal duties must come first."
Applejack says: "The Summer Sun Celebration may have brought us together, but it's something much bigger that'll always keep us connected."
Applejack says: "Exhibit A: The six of us are united by the Elements of Harmony."
Applejack says: "No amount of royal duties is gonna change that."
Applejack says: "Right, everypony?"
Applejack says: "Right, Pinkie Pie?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Creamy, creamy frosting..."
Fluttershy says: "You should take that as a yes."
Pinkie Pie says: "We're gonna write you and give you so many details, it'll be like you're in Ponyville with us!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Right, girls?"
Applejack says: "Cross my heart and hope to fly, stick a cupcake in my eye."
Fluttershy says: "Cross my heart and hope to fly, stick a cupcake in my eye."
Rainbow Dash says: "Cross my heart and hope to fly, stick a cupcake in my eye."
Rarity says: "Cross my heart and hope to fly, stick a cupcake in my eye."
Rarity says: "And you will be with us right after the Celebration."
Rarity says: "We already have an appointment on the books to discuss the royal upgrades to your loft decor."
Train Conductor says: "All aboard for Ponyville!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whee!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't help it, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "They've only been gone a minute, and I already feel like I'm missing something."
Messenger Pony says: "For the Princess."
Spike says: "Dear Twilight, you aren't missing anything."
Spike says: "Your friend, Pinkie Pie."
Pinkie Pie says: "That's me!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I am."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just know it."
Spike says: "Check, check, check, check, and..."
Spike says: "check!"
Spike says: "Huh, whaddaya know?"
Spike says: "We're way ahead of schedule!"
Spike says: "I credit your extremely competent assistant."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So do I."
Spike says: "The Celebration isn't until the day after tomorrow."
Spike says: "We could still fit in a quick trip to Ponyville and be back in plenty of time to finish off these last few things before the main event!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That would be nice, Spike, but what if something else came up while we were gone?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What if we were delayed getting back and I wasn't able to finish everything on that list?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What if we lost the list on the way to Ponyville and then couldn't remember which things we'd done and which things we hadn't done, and then spent so much time trying to figure out what we hadn't done and what we had done, and we ruined the entire Celebration by not doing the one really important thing that we were supposed to do?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Spike says: "Uh..."
Spike says: "so that's a 'no' then?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "These are the first royal duties Princess Celestia has given me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't risk letting her down!"
Princess Celestia says: "And I'm sure you won't."
Spike says: "Your highness!"
Princess Celestia says: "No need for that now, Princess Twilight."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sorry."
Princess Celestia says: "No need to apologize."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sorry!"
Princess Celestia says: "I must admit that it is wonderful to actually be looking forward to the Summer Sun Celebration."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What do you mean?"
Princess Celestia says: "For my subjects, it has always been a celebration of my defeat of Nightmare Moon."
Princess Celestia says: "But for me..."
Princess Celestia says: "It was just a terrible reminder that I'd had to banish my own sister."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I guess I never really thought about it that way."
Princess Celestia says: "But now it has become a wonderful reminder of her transformation back into Princess Luna, and our happy reunion."
Princess Celestia says: "I am so pleased that you will be playing a role in the festivities."
Princess Celestia says: "I know it must have been difficult to see your friends return to Ponyville without you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe a little."
Princess Celestia says: "You may no longer be my student, Princess Twilight, but I hope you know that I will always be here if you need me."
Princess Celestia says: "Just as I hope that you will always be there when I need you."
Spike says: "I think this guy needs you?"
Messenger Pony says: "Uh, a message for Princess Twilight."
Princess Celestia says: "A letter from Ponyville, I presume?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Never mind."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's not important."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike, where were we?"
Spike says: "About to call it a night?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We should probably go over the checklist one more time."
Spike says: "I knew you were gonna say that..."
Princess Celestia says: "I'll leave you to it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Huh?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike?"
Spike says: "Check-check-check-check-check-check..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike!"
Spike says: "Ungh..."
Spike says: "What time is it?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's the middle of the night!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But it could be morning."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's just it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't tell!"
Spike says: "Whoa."
Spike says: "That is weird."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come on, Spike, we have to find out what's going on."
"Primrose" says: "What do you think it means?!"
"Primrose" says: "!"
Royal Ribbon says: "Princess Twilight will know!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm-I'm sure it's just..."
Royal guard #1 says: "Your Highness, you must come with us."
Royal guard #1 says: "It's Princess Luna and Princess Celestia."
Royal guard #2 says: "They're gone!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I don't understand!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Where are they?"
Royal guard #1 says: "We don't know."
Royal guard #1 says: "It seems that Princess Celestia and Princess Luna have simply..."
Royal guard #1 says: "vanished."
Spike says: "Vanished?!"
Spike says: "!"
Royal guard #1 says: "This is why we have come to you."
Royal guard #2 says: "We await your command."
Twilight Sparkle says: "My command?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Royal guard #2 says: "We're officers of the Royal Guard."
Royal guard #2 says: "We take our orders from royalty."
Royal guard #2 says: "With Princess Luna and Princess Celestia gone, and Princess Cadance overseeing the Crystal Empire now, that means we take our orders from you."
Royal guard #2 says: "Princess Twilight, there's no time to waste."
Royal guard #2 says: "We need to know what you want us to do."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I want you to continue the search for Princess Luna and Princess Celestia."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We have to find them before ponies start to panic."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There must be some clue that can tell us what's happened to them."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If you find something, anything, let me know immediately."
Spike says: "Way to take charge, Twilight."
Royal guard #3 says: "Your highness!"
Royal guard #3 says: "News from Ponyville!"
Royal guard #3 says: "The Everfree Forest appears to be..."
Royal guard #3 says: "well..."
Royal guard #3 says: "invading!"
Fluttershy says: "Excuse me..."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, pardon me..."
Fluttershy says: "Are you all right?"
Fluttershy says: "My goodness, what is it that has caused you all such distress?"
Fluttershy says: "Whatever it is, I'm sure it's nothing you need to really worry about."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, no, you were right."
Fluttershy says: "You should be worried!"
Fluttershy says: "Very, very worried!"
Applejack says: "Come on, y'all!"
Applejack says: "Put your backs into it!"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Big McIntosh says: "..."
Big McIntosh says: "Nope."
Applejack says: "Dagnabbit, we ain't never seen this kind of trouble with weeds before."
Applejack says: "Now that I think about it, I've never seen these kinds of weeds at all!"
Applejack says: "Have y'all?"
Big McIntosh says: "Nope."
Applejack says: "Where the heck are these things comin' from?"
Applejack says: "And what in tarnation is goin' on with the sky?!"
Applejack says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, no, you don't!"
Rainbow Dash says: "This is Ponyville territory, and we aren't due for rain until after the Summer Sun Celebration."
Rainbow Dash says: "You Everfree clouds need to just head on back to where you belong!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey!"
Rarity says: "Hmm."
Rarity says: "Something strange about the sky."
Rarity says: "What in the name of calming chamomile is going on?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "Opalescence, darling, I'm so sorry!"
Rarity says: "I promise I am not doing this on purpose!"
Rarity says: "It wasn't me, I swear!"
Rarity says: "Ooh, Sweetie Belle!"
Rarity says: "If this is some sort of prank you and your little Crusader friends are pulling, I find very little humor in it!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Rarity, you have to help me!"
Sweetie Belle says: "I think something's wrong with my horn!"
Spike says: "Where are we going?!"
Spike says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Everfree Forest is..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "'invading'."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Whatever is going on, I'm sure we're going to need our friends and the Elements of Harmony to stop it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just hope we haven't missed the train..."
Spike says: "Twilight?"
Spike says: "There is another way for us to get to Ponyville, remember?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "There is?"
Spike says: "Huah!"
Spike says: "You can fly!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Right!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Whoa!"
Wilhelm scream, other ponies scream.
Rarity says: "Something very strange is going on, and-  I for one would appreciate an explanation!"
Rainbow Dash says: "All I know is the sky's split in two, and these clouds moving in sure aren't from around here."
Applejack says: "Neither are all these crazy plants!"
Applejack says: "They're comin' from the Everfree Forest!"
Applejack says: "And try as we might, us Earth ponies can't do anythin' to get rid of 'em!"
Applejack says: "Don't suppose you know any magic that might stop 'em from spreadin'?"
Rarity says: "Alas, this whole raging forest situation seems to have left my horn on the fritz!"
Fluttershy says: "We have to figure out something!"
Fluttershy says: "I don't know how much more of this Ponyville can take!"
Fluttershy says: "I don't know how much more I can take!"
Applejack says: "The forest is expandin', y'all, and judgin' by how fast it's movin', it doesn't seem content just takin' over Ponyville..."
Applejack says: "I reckon before long, it'll cover half of Equestria!"
Spike says: "I'm starting to wish..."
Spike says: "we'd taken the train!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Almost there!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come on, Spike, we need to get the Elements of Harmony and find the others!"
Spike says: "Incoming!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Whoa!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Aah!"
Rarity says: "Oh, thank goodness!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I hope you know we wouldn't normally go through your books without permission..."
Spike says: "Sweet ground!"
Spike says: "Sweet, sweet, wonderful ground!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, I get it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I need to work on my flying!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I dunno if you've noticed, but the Everfree Forest is just a teeny-tiny bit out of control."
Applejack says: "Guess it turned out you were missin' something here in Ponyville after all."
Rarity says: "But perhaps you already know what's causing all of this calamity."
Rarity says: "Has Princess Celestia sent you to dispel it posthaste?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Not exactly."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You see, Princess Celestia is, well..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "she and Princess Luna are both..."
Spike says: "They're missing!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know who has taken them, but I've got a hunch we're going to need the Elements of Harmony to get them back."
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, yeah, just like old times."
Pinkie Pie says: "A-boo-yah!"
Applejack says: "I told ya we'd always be connected by the Elements."
Applejack says: "Now we just gotta figure out who to aim these bad boys at so we can get Celestia and Luna back and keep the rest of Equestria from becoming plant food!"
Applejack says: "Any ideas?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hmm..."
Pinkie Pie says: "I haven't found squat in any of the books I've been looking through!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oopsies!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Missed a spot!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Half day, half night..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "strange weather patterns..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "out of control plants."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think I'm starting to get a pretty good idea of who we're up against."
Discord says: "Now, Twilight, you know Princess Celestia said that you were to give me a heads up before you summon me with that little spell she gave you."
Discord says: "In case you haven't noticed, I was in the middle of a particularly invigorating shower."
Twilight Sparkle says: "E-nough!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Release Princess Celestia and Princess Luna, and stop the Everfree Forest from invading!"
Discord says: "Why,  whatever are you talking about?"
Applejack says: "Don't you play dumb with us, Discord!"
Applejack says: "We know you're the one behind all of this!"
Discord says: "Don't get me wrong."
Discord says: "I absolutely love what you've done with the place, but I couldn't possibly take responsibility."
Discord says: "I'm reformed, don't you remember?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, right!"
Rainbow Dash says: "This has got your cloven hoofprints all over it!"
Discord says: "I'll have you know that I have only one cloven hoof."
Discord says: "Such accusations."
Discord says: "And here I thought we were friends."
Pinkie Pie says: "Drop the act, buster!"
Pinkie Pie says: "We're onto you!"
Discord says: "Ladies, ladies, I'm innocent."
Discord says: "Would I lie to you?"
Main cast sans Fluttershy says: "Yes!"
Fluttershy says: "Um, maybe?"
Discord says: "Well then, it seems we've reached an impasse."
Discord says: "I'm telling the truth, but you think I'm lying."
Discord says: "What do friends like us do in a situation like this, Princess Twilight?"
Discord says: "Congrats, by the way, on the promotion."
Discord says: "You totally deserve it."
Rainbow Dash says: "I say we blast him back to stone!"
Applejack says: "Works for me!"
Rarity says: "Hear, hear!"
Fluttershy says: "Hey!"
Fluttershy says: "We can't do that!"
Fluttershy says: "What if he really is telling the truth?"
Discord says: "Well, finally!"
Discord says: "Somepony willing to give me the benefit of the doubt."
Discord says: "The rest of you could learn a lot about friendship from my dear friend Shutterfly here."
Fluttershy says: "Um, it's Fluttershy."
Discord says: "Oh, right, whatever."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If you're not the one responsible, then help us figure out who is!"
Discord says: "I suppose I could, but after all the hoof pointing and besmirching of my good name, I just don't know if I'm up to it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rrrgh!"
Discord says: "Why don't you ask your zebra friend if she knows anything?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Zecora!"
Zecora says: "From my home, I have had to flee!"
Zecora says: "The forest has grown too wild, even for me!"
Applejack says: "Any idea why all this is happenin'?"
Zecora says: "I'm afraid it is a mystery to me as well, but I may have something that, if combined with a spell..."
Zecora says: "I do not dare to use it myself, the results would be tragic."
Zecora says: "It only responds to Alicorn magic."
Zecora says: "Princess Twilight, you can turn the potion from purple to white."
Zecora says: "After a sip, you may see why the sky is day and night."
Pinkie Pie says: "Oooh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Where am I?"
Princess Luna says: "Not..."
Princess Luna says: "another step!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess Luna!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't understand."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Where are we?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why did you and Celestia disappear?"
Princess Luna says: "Did you really expect me to sit idly by while they all basked in your precious light?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Precious light?"
Princess Luna says: "There can only be one princess in Equestria!"
Princess Luna says: "And that princess..."
Princess Luna says: "will be me!"
To be continued...