Princess Luna says: "Greetings, Tantabus."
Princess Luna says: "I am ready."
Princess Luna says: "Do your worst."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess Luna's turning into Nightmare Moon again!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, we've got the cure for that!"
Princess Luna says: "What?"
Princess Luna says: "My dream ended..."
Princess Luna says: "happily?"
Princess Luna says: "That."
Princess Luna says: "Cannot."
Princess Luna says: "Happen!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh, this is amazing!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, Rarity."
Rainbow Dash says: "Thanks for setting all this up."
Fluttershy says: "A grooming day for our pets really was a great idea."
Rarity says: "Oh, my!"
Rarity says: "Oh, I'm sorry."
Rarity says: "I didn't get my normal beauty sleep last night..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I didn't sleep well either."
Applejack says: "Mm-hmm."
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh-huh."
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm totally beat too!"
Applejack says: "All right, Winona."
Applejack says: "Time for your brushin'."
Applejack says: "Oops."
Applejack says: "I guess I'm too plumb tuckered out to do this right."
Fluttershy says: "I even went to bed early last night..."
Fluttershy says: "but then I had a really scary nightmare."
Rest of main cast says: "Me too!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, only, you know, I didn't think mine was that scary!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, mine sure was."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There was this blue smoke monster and..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "what?"
Fluttershy says: "I dreamt about a blue smoke thingy too!"
Applejack says: "Me too!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Me too!"
Rarity says: "Me too!"
Rainbow Dash says: "So what?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Probably just a coincidence."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's an awfully big coincidence."
Spike says: "Huh."
Spike says: "I wonder why I didn't have that nightmare."
Spike says: "I slept great!"
Rarity says: "So then, what could've given us all the same nightmare?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know, but I do know who might."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike, could you send a scroll to Princess Luna?"
Spike says: "Sure!"
Spike says: "All set!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Dear Princess Luna, last night my friends and I all dreamt of a creature made of blue smoke."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sure you're very busy, but  Princess Twilight Sparkle."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You can leave out the yawns."
Princess Luna says: "Which of you saw the creature of blue smoke in your nightmare?!"
Princess Luna says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "Wow."
Fluttershy says: "That was fast."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We all did."
Spike says: "Not me!"
Applejack says: "Ugh, we know!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh, we know!"
Rarity says: "Ugh, we know!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "So you've encountered the smoke monster too?"
Princess Luna says: "The Tantabus is a creature of my nightmares."
Princess Luna says: "It escaped from my slumbers yesterday."
Fluttershy says: "But how did it get into ours?"
Princess Luna says: "The Tantabus is like a parasite."
Princess Luna says: "My dreams must no longer be enough for it."
Princess Luna says: "Now it seeks others to infect and corrupt."
Princess Luna says: "It must have learned of you six from seeing you in my dream."
Spike says: "Whoa-whoa-whoa."
Spike says: "So what you're saying is..."
Spike says: "you dreamt about all of them, and not me?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, so Smokey gave us bad dreams."
Rainbow Dash says: "No biggie."
Princess Luna says: "I saw that the Tantabus had grown more powerful, but I did not realize that power was enough to enable it to escape my dreams."
Princess Luna says: "If its power grows, it could very well find a way to escape into the real world."
Princess Luna says: "It could turn all of Equestria into a living nightmare!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay, okay, okay, I take it back!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That does sound bad!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Really bad!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We've prepared everything exactly as you requested."
Princess Luna says: "Good."
Princess Luna says: "As you six slumber here, I will pursue the creature into whichever of your dreams it infests."
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It'll be like a princess sleepover!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Speaking of princesses, aren't you gonna ask Celestia for her help as well?"
Princess Luna says: "There is nothing my sister can do."
Princess Luna says: "She has no power in the realm of sleep."
Princess Luna says: "Only I can move from dream to dream."
Princess Luna says: "I am afraid nopony can help me tonight."
Applejack says: "Even us?"
Princess Luna says: "Especially you."
Princess Luna says: "You have all suffered so much because of me."
Princess Luna says: "You need only slumber while I hunt the Tantabus in your dreams."
Spike says: "I know you said nopony can help, but I'm no pony!"
Spike says: "I'm gonna stay up and watch over you guys just in case!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Aw, thank you, Spike!"
Applejack says: "One good thing about not sleepin' well last night – shouldn't be too hard to fall asleep now."
Pinkie Pie says: "Are you kidding?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "This is so exciting, I don't know how I'm ever going to—"
Rarity says: "Oh, my!"
Rarity says: "This is simply divine!"
Rarity says: "How avant garde!"
Rarity says: "Forget avant garde!"
Rarity says: "I should have said en garde!"
Princess Luna says: "It is here!"
Rarity says: "It was such a pretty little chiffon..."
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "What kind of monster would do this?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Princess Luna says: "The Tantabus."
Rarity says: "Then let's stop it!"
Princess Luna says: "No, please!"
Princess Luna says: "I don't want you to suffer anymore because of me."
Princess Luna says: "I will catch it."
Princess Luna says: "It has jumped into another dream!"
Princess Luna says: "I am sorry, but if I am to stop it, I must follow it where you cannot."
Rarity says: "Go!"
Rarity says: "I should be able to handle things here."
Rarity says: "I hope..."
Rarity says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "La-la-la-la-la!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whee!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whee, ha-ha!"
Pinkie Pie says: "La-la-la-la-la!"
Princess Luna says: "I followed the Tantabus here."
Princess Luna says: "Now I need only find—"
Pinkie Pie says: "Sorry, can't help it!"
Pinkie Pie says: "An idea pops into my head, it—"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh, cake!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ew, cake!"
Princess Luna says: "No!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Sorry!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Who wants ice cream?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "Mmm, it's so nice to be the pet for once."
Fluttershy says: "N-n-n-n-nice..."
Fluttershy says: "giant..."
Fluttershy says: "evil Angel..."
Fluttershy says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "Phew!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, thank you, princess!"
Applejack says: "Now this is what I call an incredible dream."
Princess Luna says: "I can see the Tantabus has already turned your slumbers into a nightmare!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What are you talking about?"
Rainbow Dash says: "This is my favorite dream!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hyah!"
We are such happy flowers.
We will now sing for hours.
Aren't we unbearably cute?
Watch me solo on jazz flute.
Twilight Sparkle says: "Huh?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Luna!"
Spike says: "What happened?"
Spike says: "Are you guys okay?"
Fluttershy says: "That..."
Fluttershy says: "that was terrible!"
Fluttershy says: "I-I never want to have that nightmare again!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Me either!"
Spike says: "But Luna caught it, didn't she?"
Princess Luna says: "I am so sorry, my friends."
Princess Luna says: "I failed."
Princess Luna says: "It will be back to infect your dreams the next time you sleep."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, no!"
Applejack says: "Yeah."
Applejack says: "I reckon I could live without seeing that thing ever again."
Princess Luna says: "But you will."
Princess Luna says: "Again and again, every night, until it grows powerful enough to infect the waking world!"
Princess Luna says: "After what I did as Nightmare Moon, the fact that I am once again responsible for harming others is more than I can bear."
Pinkie Pie says: "It'll be okay!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Everypony makes mistakes!"
Princess Luna says: "As long as none of you dreamt about another pony, the Tantabus remains confined to your dreams."
Princess Luna says: "I still have a chance to catch it before it's too late."
Pinkie Pie says: "Phew, that's good to hear!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Although after you left, I did happen to dream that I was eating a giant ice-cream cone with all of Ponyville while taking a test we hadn't studied for."
Pinkie Pie says: "See, what'd I tell ya?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Everypony makes mistakes!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But that means the Tantabus could be turning every dream in Ponyville into a nightmare!"
Princess Luna says: "It is far worse than that."
Princess Luna says: "Infecting all those dreams gives it more and more power."
Princess Luna says: "Soon it will be able to escape into the real world and infect Equestria with its nightmare plague!"
Rarity says: "Then you must let us help you stop it before that happens!"
Fluttershy says: "But how?"
Fluttershy says: "The Tantabus was able to escape Luna when it only had six dreams it could get to!"
Princess Luna says: "It is true."
Princess Luna says: "With so many dreams to hide in, I do not know how I can catch it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hmm..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What if everypony in Ponyville were having one dream?"
Princess Luna says: "I..."
Princess Luna says: "can create shared dreams, yes, but for so many ponies at once?"
Princess Luna says: "I have never done anything like that."
Princess Luna says: "The amount of power it would take..."
Fluttershy says: "Well, it is worth a try, isn't it?"
Princess Luna says: "Of course."
Princess Luna says: "I will do anything to end this, including accept your help."
Princess Luna says: "I cannot allow the Tantabus to escape into the real world."
Princess Luna says: "All of you must now go back to sleep and hope that I can create such a dream."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess Luna did it!"
Applejack says: "Big Mac!"
Applejack says: "Boy, I'm glad to see somethin' familiar!"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Princess Luna says: "Ponies!"
Ponies says: "Princess Luna!"
Princess Luna says: "There is no time for bowing, my friends!"
Princess Luna says: "There is something coming, something terrible!"
Princess Luna says: "No, it is already here!"
Tantabus growling.
Princess Luna says: "I am so sorry!"
Princess Luna says: "I brought this upon you!"
Princess Luna says: "But I will end it now!"
Tantabus noises.
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess, what's wrong?"
Princess Luna says: "It..."
Princess Luna says: "is taking all my strength just to hold this massive dream together!"
Princess Luna says: "You will have to stop it!"
Princess Luna says: "I truly wish I did not have to ask this of you!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Then you're in luck."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We're already on it!"
Filthy Rich says: "Please!"
Filthy Rich says: "I'll pay you anything!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I got you!"
Applejack says: "Oh, no!"
Applejack says: "Big Mac!"
Applejack says: "You can do anythin' in a dream, remember?"
Big McIntosh says: "Wheeeeee!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Come on!"
Rainbow Dash says: "If that Tantabus thing turns any more of this dream against us, we'll be too busy saving ponies to catch it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "And it'll grow powerful enough to escape into the real world!"
Applejack says: "How are we even gonna know when it's able to escape?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, I think we'll know."
Tantabus growling.
Princess Luna says: "Hurry, my friends!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What the?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "Please, we need your help too!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy's right!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We've all got to work together to stop it from escaping!"
Mr. Cake says: "But how can we help?"
Mr. Cake says: "Nopony in Ponyville has your magic or your speed!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That's true..."
Rainbow Dash says: "in Ponyville!"
Applejack says: "But this here isn't Ponyville!"
Applejack says: "It's a dream!"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And not just any!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is your dream!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Anything you can do in your dreams, you can do now!"
Spike says: "Well, if you're gonna dream, might as well dream big, right?"
Spike says: "Hi-yah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's working!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But it's not enough!"
Tantabus roaring.
Pinkie Pie says: "Then do more!"
Pinkie Pie says: "This is a dream, remember?"
Princess Luna says: "I cannot hold this dream together much longer!"
Princess Luna says: "Equestria will fall because of me!"
Tantabus roaring.
Spike says: "Am I crazy, or did it just get even bigger after Luna said that?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think it's feeding off your guilt, Princess Luna!"
Princess Luna says: "If that is so, then perhaps that is how it grew strong enough to escape in the first place!"
Applejack says: "Say what now?!"
Applejack says: "!"
Princess Luna says: "I created the Tantabus to give myself the same nightmare every night..."
Princess Luna says: "..."
Princess Luna says: "to punish myself for the evil I caused as Nightmare Moon!"
Fluttershy says: "But why would you do that?!"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Princess Luna says: "To make sure I never forgave myself for how much Equestria suffered because of me!"
Princess Luna says: "But it seems I have not learned my lesson, for now I have only made you suffer more!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But that means you might just be the key to stopping all this!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "If it gets strong because you feel bad about what you did as Nightmare Moon, then you just gotta stop feeling bad for what you did!"
Princess Luna says: "How can I forgive myself?"
Princess Luna says: "I am no better now than I was then."
Princess Luna says: "My creation is about to turn the world into a living nightmare!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But look at what you're doing!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nightmare Moon would've wanted the Tantabus to turn Equestria into a nightmare!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're doing everything you can to stop it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Don't you see?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That proves you're not the same pony you were then!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everypony who knows you knows that Nightmare Moon is in the past!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We all trust you, Luna!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Do you trust us enough to believe we're right?"
Tantabus growling.
Princess Luna says: "..."
Princess Luna says: "I do!"
Tantabus noises.
Princess Luna says: "Thank you."
Princess Luna says: "Thank you all."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Luna did it!"
Applejack says: "She sure did!"
Applejack says: "Only..."
Applejack says: "I'm not exactly sure what she did."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Luna created the Tantabus to punish herself!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The worse she felt, the more power it had!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But once she finally forgave herself for what Nightmare Moon did..."
Spike says: "Poof!"
Fluttershy says: "Shh!"
Spike says: "Huh."
Spike says: "Wonder what she's dreaming about now."