Narrator says: "Once upon a time, in the magical land of Equestria, there were two regal sisters who ruled together and created harmony for all the land."
Narrator says: "To do this, the eldest used her unicorn powers to raise the sun at dawn; the younger brought out the moon to begin the night."
Narrator says: "Thus, the two sisters maintained balance for their kingdom and their subjects, all the different types of ponies."
Narrator says: "But as time went on, the younger sister became resentful."
Narrator says: "The ponies relished and played in the day her elder sister brought forth, but shunned and slept through her beautiful night."
Narrator says: "One fateful day, the younger unicorn refused to lower the moon to make way for the dawn."
Narrator says: "The elder sister tried to reason with her, but the bitterness in the young one's heart had transformed her into a wicked mare of darkness: Nightmare Moon."
Narrator says: "She vowed that she would shroud the land in eternal night."
Narrator says: "Reluctantly, the elder sister harnessed the most powerful magic known to ponydom: the Elements of Harmony."
Narrator says: "Using the magic of the Elements of Harmony, she defeated her younger sister, and banished her permanently in the moon."
Narrator says: "The elder sister took on responsibility for both..."
Narrator says: "..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "..."
Narrator says: "sun and moon..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "sun and moon..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "and harmony has been maintained in Equestria for generations since."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hmm..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Elements of Harmony."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know I've heard of those before..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "but where?"
Twinkleshine says: "There you are, Twilight!"
Twinkleshine says: "Moon Dancer is having a little get-together in the west castle courtyard."
Twinkleshine says: "You wanna come?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, sorry, girls..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've got a lot of studying to catch up on."
Twinkleshine says: "Does that pony do anything except study?"
Twinkleshine says: "I think she's more interested in books than friends."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know I've heard of the Elements of Harmony."
Spike says: "Ow!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spi-ike!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "There you are."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Quick, find me that old copy of Predictions and Prophecies."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What's that for?"
Spike says: "Well, it was a gift for Moon Dancer, but..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, Spike, you know we don't have time for that sort of thing."
Spike says: "But we're on a break!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No, no, no..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "no, no, no!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike!"
Spike says: "It's over here!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ah!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Elements, Elements, E, E, E..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Aha!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Elements of Harmony, see: Mare in the Moon?"
Spike says: "Mare in the Moon?"
Spike says: "But that's just an old ponies' tale."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Mare, mare..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "aha!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Mare in the Moon, myth from olden pony times."
Twilight Sparkle says: "A powerful pony who wanted to rule Equestria, defeated by the Elements of Harmony and imprisoned in the moon."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Legend has it that on the longest day of the thousandth year, the stars will aid in her escape, and she will bring about nighttime eternal!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Do you know what this means?"
Spike says: "No—"
Spike says: "whoa!"
Spike says: "Ow!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Take a note please, to the Princess."
Spike says: "Okie dokie."
Twilight Sparkle says: "My dearest teacher, my continuing studies of pony magic have led me to discover that we are on the precipice of disaster!"
Spike says: "Hold on."
Spike says: "Preci..."
Spike says: "preci..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Threshold."
Spike says: "Threh..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh, brink?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ugh, that something really bad is about to happen!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "For you see, the mythical Mare in the Moon is in fact Nightmare Moon, and she's about to return to Equestria, and bring with her eternal night!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Something must be done to make sure this terrible prophecy does not come true."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I await your quick response."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Your faithful student, Twilight Sparkle."
Spike says: "Twi..."
Spike says: "light Spar..."
Spike says: "kle."
Spike says: "Got it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Great!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Send it."
Spike says: "Now?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Of course!"
Spike says: "Uh, I dunno, Twilight, Princess Celestia's a little busy getting ready for the Summer Sun Celebration."
Spike says: "And it's like, the day after tomorrow."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's just it, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The day after tomorrow is the thousandth year of the Summer Sun Celebration!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's imperative that the Princess is told right away!"
Spike says: "Impera..."
Spike says: "impera..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Important!"
Spike says: "Whoa!"
Spike says: "Okay, okay!"
Spike says: "There, it's on its way."
Spike says: "But I wouldn't hold your breath..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, I'm not worried, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Princess trusts me completely."
Twilight Sparkle says: "In all the years she's been my mentor she's never once doubted me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "See?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I knew she would want to take immediate action."
Spike says: "My dearest, most faithful student Twilight."
Spike says: "You know that I value your diligence and that I trust you completely."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Mm-hm!"
Spike says: "..."
Spike says: "but you simply must stop reading those dusty old books!"
Spike says: "My dear Twilight, there is more to a young pony's life than studying, so I'm sending you to supervise the preparations for the Summer Sun Celebration in this year's location: Ponyville."
Spike says: "And, I have an even more essential task for you to complete: make some friends!"
Spike says: "Look on the bright side, Twilight."
Spike says: "The Princess arranged for you to stay in a library."
Spike says: "Doesn't that make you happy?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes, yes it does."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You know why?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Because I'm right!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'll check on the preparations as fast as I can, then get to the library to find some proof of Nightmare Moon's return."
Spike says: "Then..."
Spike says: "when will you make friends, like the Princess said?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "She said to check on preparations."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I am her student, and I'll do my royal duty, but the fate of Equestria does not rest on me making friends."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thank you, sirs."
Spike says: "Maybe the ponies in Ponyville have interesting things to talk about."
Spike says: "Come on, Twilight, just try!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Um..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "hello?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, that was interesting all right."
Spike says: "Summer Sun Celebration official overseer's checklist."
Spike says: "Number one, banquet preparations: Sweet Apple Acres."
Applejack says: "Yeehaw!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Let's get this over with..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Good afternoon."
Twilight Sparkle says: "My name is Twilight Sparkle—"
Applejack says: "Well, howdy-doo, Miss Twilight, a pleasure makin' your acquaintance."
Applejack says: "I'm Applejack."
Applejack says: "We here at Sweet Apple Acres sure do like makin' new friends!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Friends?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Actually, I—"
Applejack says: "So, what can I do you for?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, I am in fact here to supervise preparations for the Summer Sun Celebration."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And you're in charge of the food?"
Applejack says: "We sure as sugar are!"
Applejack says: "Would you care to sample some?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "As long as it doesn't take too long..."
Applejack says: "Soup's on, everypony!"
Applejack says: "Now, why don't I introduce y'all to the Apple family?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thanks, but I really need to hurry—"
Applejack says: "This here's Apple Fritter."
Applejack says: "Apple Bumpkin."
Applejack says: "Red Gala."
Applejack says: "Red Delicious, Golden Delicious, Caramel Apple, Apple Strudel, Apple Tart, Baked Apples, Apple Brioche, Apple Cinnamon Crisp..."
Applejack says: "Big McIntosh, Apple Bloom and Granny Smith."
Applejack says: "Up'n'attem, Granny Smith, we got guests."
Granny Smith says: "Wha.."
Granny Smith says: "?"
Granny Smith says: "Soup's on?"
Granny Smith says: "I'm up, here I come, ahm comin'..."
Applejack says: "Why, I'd say you're already part of the family!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, well, I can see the food situation is handled, so we'll be on our way."
Apple Bloom says: "Aren't you gonna stay for brunch?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sorry, but we have an awful lot to do..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "fine."
Spike says: "Food's all taken care of, next is weather."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ugh..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I ate too much pie..."
Spike says: "Hmm, there's supposed to be a Pegasus pony named Rainbow Dash clearing the clouds."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, she's not doing a very good job, is she?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nng."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nnnn."
Rainbow Dash says: "Lemme help you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Let me guess."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're Rainbow Dash."
Rainbow Dash says: "The one and only."
Rainbow Dash says: "Why, you heard of me?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I heard you were supposed to be keeping the sky clear."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm Twilight Sparkle, and the Princess sent me to check on the weather."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, yeah, that'll be a snap."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'll do it in a jiffy."
Rainbow Dash says: "Just as soon as I'm done practicing."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Practicing for what?"
Rainbow Dash says: "The Wonderbolts!"
Rainbow Dash says: "They're gonna perform at the Celebration tomorrow, and I'm gonna show 'em my stuff!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Wonderbolts?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yep!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The most talented flyers in all of Equestria?"
Rainbow Dash says: "That's them!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pfft!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Please."
Twilight Sparkle says: "They'd never accept a Pegasus who can't even keep the sky clear for one measly day."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey, I could clear this sky in ten seconds flat."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Prove it."
Rainbow Dash says: "You should see the look on your face."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ha!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You're a laugh, Twilight Sparkle."
Rainbow Dash says: "I can't wait to hang out some more."
Spike says: "Wow, she's amazing!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rrgh."
Spike says: "Wait!"
Spike says: "It's kinda pretty once you get used to it!"
Spike says: "Decorations."
Spike says: "Beautiful..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes, the décor is coming along nicely."
Twilight Sparkle says: "This ought'a be quick."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'll be at the library in no time."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Beautiful indeed."
Spike says: "Not the décor, her!"
Rarity says: "No, no, no, oh!"
Rarity says: "Goodness no."
Spike says: "How are my spines?"
Spike says: "Are they straight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Good afternoon—"
Rarity says: "Just a moment, please!"
Rarity says: "I'm 'in the zone', as it were."
Rarity says: "Oh, yes!"
Rarity says: "Sparkle always does the trick, does it not?"
Rarity says: "Why, Rarity, you are a talent."
Rarity says: "Now, um, how can I help yo—"
Rarity says: "Oh my stars, darling!"
Rarity says: "Whatever happened to your coiffure?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, you mean my mane?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, it's a long story."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm just here to check on the decorations, and then I'll be out of your hair!"
Rarity says: "Out of my hair?"
Rarity says: "What about your hair?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wait!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Where are we going?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Help!"
Rarity says: "No, no, uh-uh."
Rarity says: "Too green."
Rarity says: "Too yellow."
Rarity says: "Too poofy."
Rarity says: "Not poofy enough."
Rarity says: "Too frilly."
Rarity says: "Too..."
Rarity says: "shiny."
Rarity says: "Now go on, my dear."
Rarity says: "You were telling me where you're from."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "been sent..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "from Canterlot..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "to—"
Rarity says: "Huh?"
Rarity says: "Canterlot?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "Oh, I am so envious!"
Rarity says: "The glamour, the sophistication!"
Rarity says: "I have always dreamed of living there!"
Rarity says: "I can't wait to hear all about it!"
Rarity says: "We are gonna be the best of friends, you and I..."
Rarity says: "Emeralds?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "What was I thinking?"
Rarity says: "Let me get you some rubies!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Quick!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Before she decides to dye my coat a new color!"
Spike says: "Wasn't she wonderful?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Focus, Casanova."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What's next on the list?"
Spike says: "Oh, uh, music!"
Spike says: "It's the last one!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh my."
Fluttershy says: "Um, stop please, everyone, umm."
Fluttershy says: "Excuse me, sir?"
Fluttershy says: "I mean no offense, but your rhythm is just a teeny-tiny bit off."
Fluttershy says: "Now, follow me, please."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hello!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh my, I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to frighten your birds."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm just here to check up on the music and it's sounding beautiful."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What's your name?"
Fluttershy says: "Um..."
Fluttershy says: "I'm Fluttershy."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sorry, what was that?"
Fluttershy says: "Um..."
Fluttershy says: "My name is Fluttershy."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Didn't quite catch that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, um, it looks like your birds are back, so I guess everything's in order."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Keep up the good work!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oookay."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, that was easy."
Fluttershy says: "A baby dragon!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I've never seen a baby dragon before."
Fluttershy says: "He's sooo cute!"
Spike says: "Well, well, well..."
Spike says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh my, he talks."
Fluttershy says: "I didn't know dragons could talk."
Fluttershy says: "That's just so incredibly wonderful I, I just don't even know what to say!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, in that case we'd better be going."
Fluttershy says: "Wait, wait!"
Fluttershy says: "What's his name?"
Spike says: "I'm Spike."
Fluttershy says: "Hi Spike, I'm Fluttershy."
Fluttershy says: "Wow, a talking dragon!"
Fluttershy says: "And what do dragons talk about?"
Spike says: "Well, what do you wanna know?"
Fluttershy says: "Absolutely everything."
Spike says: "Well..."
Spike says: "I started out as a cute little purple and green egg..."
Spike says: "..."
Spike says: "and that's the story of my whole entire life!"
Spike says: "Well, up until today."
Spike says: "Do you wanna hear about today?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, yes, please!"
Spike says: "Gyah!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I am so sorry, how did we get here so fast?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is where I'm staying while in Ponyville and my poor baby dragon needs his sleep."
Spike says: "No I don't—"
Spike says: "whoa!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Aww, wook at dat, he's so sweepy he can't even keep his widdle bawance!"
Fluttershy says: "Poor thing, you simply must get into bed..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes, yes, we'll get right on that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, g'night!"
Spike says: "Huh."
Spike says: "Rude much?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sorry, Spike, but I have to convince the Princess that Nightmare Moon is coming, and we're running out of time!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just need to be alone so I can study without a bunch of crazy ponies trying to make friends all the time."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now, where's the light?"
Ponies says: "Surprise!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Surprise!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hi, I'm Pinkie Pie, and I threw this party just for you!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Were you surprised?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Were ya?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Were ya?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Huh huh huh?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Very surprised."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Libraries are supposed to be quiet."
Pinkie Pie says: "Well, that's silly!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What kind of welcome party would this be if it were quiet?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I mean, duh, bo-ring!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Y'see, I saw you when you first got here, remember?"
Pinkie Pie says: "You were all "hello" and I was all , remember?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Y'see I've never saw you before and if I've never saw you before that means you're new, 'cause I know everypony, and I mean everypony in Ponyville!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And if you're new, that meant you haven't met anyone yet, and if you haven't met anyone yet, you must not have any friends, and if you don't have any friends then you must be lonely, and that made me so sad, then I had an idea, and that's why I went!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I must throw a great big ginormous super-duper spectacular welcome party and invite everyone in Ponyville!"
Pinkie Pie says: "See?"
Pinkie Pie says: "And now you have lots and lots of friends!"
Applejack says: "Are you all right, sugarcube?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Aww, she's so happy she's crying!"
Spike says: ""Hot sauce"."
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh..."
Pinkie Pie says: "What?"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's good!"
Spike says: "Hey Twilight!"
Spike says: "Pinkie Pie's starting "pin the tail on the pony"!"
Spike says: "Wanna play?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "All the ponies in this town are crazy!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Do you know what time it is?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Spike says: "It's the eve of the Summer Sun Celebration."
Spike says: "Everypony has to stay up, or they'll miss the Princess raise the sun!"
Spike says: "You really should lighten up, Twilight."
Spike says: "It's a party!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ugh, here I thought I'd have time to learn about the Elements of Harmony but, silly me, all this ridiculous friend-making has kept me from it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: ""Legend has it that on the longest day of the thousandth year, the stars will aid in her escape, and she will bring about everlasting night."
Twilight Sparkle says: "" I hope the Princess was right..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I hope it really is just an old pony tale..."
Spike says: "C'mon, Twilight, it's time to watch the sunrise!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Isn't this exciting?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Are you excited, 'cause I'm excited, I've never been so excited—"
Pinkie Pie says: "well, except for the time that I saw you walking into town and I went  but I mean really, who can top that?"
Mayor Mare says: "Fillies and gentlecolts, as mayor of Ponyville, it is my great pleasure to announce the beginning of the Summer Sun Celebration!"
Mayor Mare says: "In just a few moments, our town will witness the magic of the sunrise, and celebrate this, the longest day of the year!"
Mayor Mare says: "And now, it is my great honor to introduce to you the ruler of our land, the very pony who gives us the sun and the moon each and every day, the good, the wise, the bringer of harmony to all of Equestria..."
Fluttershy says: "Ready?"
Mayor Mare says: "..."
Mayor Mare says: "Princess Celestia!"
Rarity says: "Huh?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This can't be good."
Mayor Mare says: "Remain calm, everypony, there must be a reasonable explanation!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh, ooh, I love guessing games!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Is she hiding?"
Rarity says: "She's gone!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh, she's good."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh no..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nightmare Moon!"
Nightmare Moon says: "Oh, my beloved subjects."
Nightmare Moon says: "It's been so long since I've seen your precious little sun-loving faces."
Rainbow Dash says: "What did you do with our Princess?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Applejack says: "Whoa there, Nelly..."
Nightmare Moon says: "Why, am I not royal enough for you?"
Nightmare Moon says: "Don't you know who I am?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh, ooh, more guessing games!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Um, Hokey Smokes!"
Pinkie Pie says: "How about..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Queen Meanie!"
Pinkie Pie says: "No!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Black Snooty, Black Snooty—"
Nightmare Moon says: "Does my crown no longer count now that I have been imprisoned for a thousand years?"
Nightmare Moon says: "Did you not recall the legend?"
Nightmare Moon says: "Did you not see the signs?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I did."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And I know who you are."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're the Mare in the Moon – Nightmare Moon!"
Nightmare Moon says: "Well well well, somepony who remembers me."
Nightmare Moon says: "Then you also know why I'm here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're here to..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "to..."
To be continued...