Starlight Glimmer says: "I think you really spruce up the office, Ms."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Philodendron."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Don't you look good, Phyllis!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Come in!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I mean, uh, come in!"
Spike says: "Uh, were you just talking to someone?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "No!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Why?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Starlight, I have something very important to discuss with you."
Starlight Glimmer says: "If this is about leaving early yesterday, I didn't have any students on my schedule, and Trixie was having a magical emergency, which actually turned out to be nothing—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's not anything like that."
Spike says: ""Twilight Sparkle, the Princess of Friendship, in light of her impending ascension to the throne of Equestria and in anticipation of her many duties and responsibilities forthwith, does hereby intend to make good on her previous offer to you, Starlight Glimmer, of replacing her as headmare of the School of Friendship!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I want you to take over the school when I move to Canterlot."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I know!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's just so..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "amazing!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm a little..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Do you think I'm really up for it?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Of course you do."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I've covered for you every time you've had to run off and save Equestria, but..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I mean..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Yes."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Of course!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Thank you!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're welcome."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And I can't think of anypony who'd be better for the job."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm a little nervous."
Starlight Glimmer says: "And excited."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm mostly just nervous."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I understand."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Of course I'll have a lot of important responsibilities as ruler of Equestria, but I'll always be available to help whenever you need."
Spike says: "Are you supposed to be at a royal etiquette lesson with Celestia and Luna right now?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Right!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Can't underestimate the important responsibility of royal napkin placement."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Wow."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I mean, no biggie."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Right, Phyllis?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I've totally got this."
Trixie says: "You know I'm nothing but proud that you've been officially offered the position of headmare..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Thanks..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "?"
Trixie says: "..."
Trixie says: "but I can't help wondering if it's gonna cut into our social schedule."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What do you mean?"
Trixie says: "Take now, for example."
Trixie says: "Instead of heading to the delightful lunch I had planned, we're striding with determination toward what I can only assume is Twilight's office."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Obviously our lunch is super important, but so is taking over the school."
Starlight Glimmer says: "And the only pony who's really run the School of Friendship is the Princess of Friendship."
Starlight Glimmer says: "And I'm worried about doing it all alone, so I want to get as much advice from Twilight as I can while she's still here."
Trixie says: "But Twilight's never really done anything alone."
Trixie says: "She always has her friends."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But that just gave me an idea!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Thanks, Trixie!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You can give good advice when you don't mean to."
Trixie says: "Uh, thanks?"
Trixie says: "Are we still doing lunch?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Getting royal place settings just right is a lot harder than it looks."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Okay..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Uh, I know how busy you are, but I wanted to talk to you about running the school because, honestly, I was a bit worried about taking it over all on my own."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But I just realized you never did it alone."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Having a friend help out is pretty great."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Exactly!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "So, what do you think about me hiring a vice headmare to help run things?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I trust you to run the school any way you want."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And if that means hiring a vice headmare, I think it's a great idea."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Really?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Like you said, I've always had ponies around to help."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And don't worry."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You can always call on me to—"
Spike says: "Uh, Twilight?"
Spike says: "Rarity says you were supposed to be at the boutique five minutes ago for your second fitting for the coronation gown."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ugh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "How many fittings are there gonna be?"
Spike says: "A lot?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Anyway, good luck finding your vice headmare."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know you'll pick the right pony for the job."
Trixie says: "Wow."
Trixie says: "I heard the whole thing."
Trixie says: "And all I can say is I am humbled."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Uh, why?"
Trixie says: "I hadn't ever considered it, but hearing you say it out loud made me realize what a great and powerful vice headmare I'll be!"
Trixie says: "Plus, we get to work and socialize at the same time!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Uh, well, sure, that would be fun, but I can't just give you the job."
Trixie says: "Oh, oh, no, of course not."
Trixie says: "I imagine there's a lengthy "process" to go through before you inevitably hire the "best pony" for the position."
Trixie says: "Wink."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Exactly."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'll probably interview several ponies."
Trixie says: "Of course."
Trixie says: ""Several"."
Trixie says: "Wink."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Why do you keep saying "wink"?"
Trixie says: "I'm not saying "wink"."
Trixie says: "Wink."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm glad you all decided to be a part of the search for the School of Friendship's vice headmare."
Spoiled Rich says: "Honestly, if you're looking for somepony to fund-raise, I can bring in enough bits to have several buildings named after me."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, that's not the primary responsibility of the vice headmare."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But anypony is welcome to apply."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I think the selection process I've come up with is pretty special."
Trixie says: "Albeit unnecessary."
Trixie says: "Wink!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Since you all have to prove you have what it takes to be vice headmare, I've designed the interview in three stages."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Each stage will test a different skill the vice headmare needs."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Only those who do well will move through the stages until finally the best candidate rises to the top!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "So, without further ado, it's time for stage one – substituting for the teachers!"
Trixie says: "Once the students get a sample of my great and powerful instruction, they might not want to go back to the regular faculty."
Ocellus says: "Wow, that seam is so straight!"
Ocellus says: "You really learned how to sew from mending apple sacks on the farm?"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup!"
Spoiled Rich says: "Obviously, loyalty is the foundation of friendship and trust."
Spoiled Rich says: "But nothing gets more loyalty than a big stack of bits!"
Spoiled Rich says: "This book on business will teach you all how to earn your own."
Spoiled Rich says: "Chapter one – Equity..."
Trixie says: "In the Pre-Equestia Era, year thirteen twenty-two, Abraxius the Bold did..."
Trixie says: "..."
Trixie says: "for a really long time."
Trixie says: "Okay, I know history is important, but I never learned any of it, and look how I turned out."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Okay, Phyllis."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Obviously those three are moving on."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But what about the rest?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Mm-hmm."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I think we're in agreement on this one."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I know what you're gonna say."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But it would be so much fun to have my vice headmare be a friend."
Starlight Glimmer says: "She just needs a little more hoof-holding than some of the others, but it could still work out, right?"
Trixie says: "Starlight, I've given this a lot of thought."
Trixie says: "And even though I still believe naps are a valid use of class time, you'll be the one running the school."
Trixie says: "So if you say no naps, then no naps!"
Trixie says: "And I know I can be a little stubborn and not the best listener, but I just can't wait for us to tackle this job as a team."
Trixie says: "Two great and powerful friends taking on the world!"
Trixie says: "And I know you still have to go through all this "interview" stuff – wink!"
Trixie says: "– but I just had to tell you how excited I am!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "See?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I told you it could work."
Starlight Glimmer says: "All right, remaining vice headmare candidates."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Welcome to stage two!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "All of you are here because you performed well – or well enough – to face your next challenge – parent/teacher conferences!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "The vice headmare will need to be a master communicator, and I can't think of a better test of that than meeting with our students and their parents or guardians."
Dr. Hooves says: "I eagerly look forward to sharing my love of science with both progeny and progenitors!"
Octavia Melody says: "Indeed."
Octavia Melody says: "An orchestra is made up of different parts, and good communication is the key to harmony."
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Trixie says: "A lifetime on stage has taught me that good communication is essential to holding your audience's attention, which is why Trixie is also known as a great and powerful communicator!"
Octavia Melody says: "Life at the School of Friendship is like a song, and although she started out singing her part pianissimo, Ocellus is now soloing fortissimo!"
Dad Changeling says: "That's good, right?"
Octavia Melody says: "Indeed."
Dr. Hooves says: "The science curriculum at this school is somewhat lacking, but Yona has taken to the subject like a yak to smashing!"
Dr. Hooves says: "If fostered, I believe she could easily blaze a trail and expand our understanding of science itself!"
Yona's Mom says: "Yaks best!"
Yona's Dad says: "Yaks best!"
Yona's Mom says: "Yaks best!"
Yona's Dad says: "Yaks best!"
Yona's Mom says: "Yaks best!"
Yona's Dad says: "Yaks best!"
Trixie says: "Gallus is a fantastic student."
Trixie says: "He's even taught me a thing or two about napping."
Grampa Gruff says: "Is that why you're putting me to sleep?"
Trixie says: "Um, excuse me?"
Grampa Gruff says: "I don't know why I have to come to these things."
Trixie says: "Well, most parents or guardians want to be involved in our students' lives."
Trixie says: "Maybe we should find a different representative from Griffonstone to be Gallus' guardian."
Grampa Gruff says: "Oh, that'd be great."
Grampa Gruff says: "If you find one,  let me know!"
Sky Beak says: "I'm so confused."
Sky Beak says: "You're saying Silverstream is exuberant?"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Sky Beak says: "And enthusiastic?"
Big McIntosh says: "Uh, eeyup."
Sky Beak says: "But aren't those the same?"
Sky Beak says: "And are they good?"
Sky Beak says: "I mean, you could be trying to tell me she's unfocused, but then you might just be explaining that you appreciate her high energy."
Big McIntosh says: "Eh, nope."
Big McIntosh says: "Uh, eeyup."
Big McIntosh says: "Uh..."
Big McIntosh says: "mmmaybe?"
Sky Beak says: "There seems to be a lot of nuance here, and I just want to make sure I understand exactly what you're saying."
Sky Beak says: "So what are you saying?"
Big McIntosh says: "Uh..."
Grampa Gruff says: "Gallus doesn't need to know I'm proud of him!"
Grampa Gruff says: "And he certainly doesn't need me trekking all the way to Ponyville!"
Trixie says: "Good!"
Trixie says: "Because you're no longer welcome!"
Grampa Gruff says: "Ohhhh!"
Grampa Gruff says: "Well, fine with me!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Trixie, what happened?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Trixie says: "I'm not sure."
Trixie says: "But we'll have one less conference to worry about next semester."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I really appreciate your honesty, Big Mac, and you're right."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Parents expect a lot of detailed communication when it comes to their kids."
Starlight Glimmer says: "And if you aren't comfortable with that, vice headmare probably isn't the job for you."
Big McIntosh says: "Yeah, nope."
Trixie says: "Starlight, I know why you wanted to see me, and you don't have to worry."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Uh, good."
Trixie says: "It's thoughtful that you'd want to check in on me after my shocking confrontation with Grampa Gruff."
Trixie says: "But never fear."
Trixie says: "I shall recover."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Trixie, that's not exactly what I wanted to talk to you about."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You can't get into a shouting match with parents or guardians."
Starlight Glimmer says: "For the final stage of the interview process, you'll each have to put together a field trip."
Starlight Glimmer says: "And if you really do want the job, I need yours to be exceptional."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Because if I had to pick a vice headmare right now, it wouldn't be you."
Trixie says: "Oh, I see what you're doing!"
Trixie says: "Obviously you're not going to give the job to somepony else, but you want to see my best."
Trixie says: "Well, message received!"
Trixie says: "Wink."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Trixie, I—"
Trixie says: "The Great and Powerful Trixie is about to pull out all the stops!"
Trixie says: "I hope you're ready for the most exceptional field trip to ever grace this school!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Is it wrong for me to think she might actually pull it off?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Don't answer that."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Not looking forward to the performance?"
Gallus says: "I know Octavia loves music, but a field trip to a classical music performance isn't my idea of an exciting time."
Gallus says: "Okay!"
Gallus says: "I take it back!"
Dr. Hooves says: "When I heard we'd be arranging field trips, I knew right away I wanted to take you all to my lab."
Dr. Hooves says: "I can think of no better trip than one through the quantum field!"
Dr. Hooves says: "I am referring to time travel!"
Dr. Hooves says: "I've been working on a temporal transportation device!"
Smolder says: "A chair?"
Dr. Hooves says: "And three..."
Dr. Hooves says: "four..."
Dr. Hooves says: "five..."
Dr. Hooves says: "Congratulations!"
Dr. Hooves says: "You are now five seconds into the future!"
Dr. Hooves says: "You see, we are all already time travelers!"
Dr. Hooves says: "Hmm?"
Dr. Hooves says: "Who's next?"
Smolder says: "Uhhh, now what?"
Dr. Hooves says: "Oh."
Dr. Hooves says: "I actually hadn't thought that much beyond this."
Smolder says: "Ugh."
Trixie says: "Ponies and other students!"
Trixie says: "Welcome to the greatest and most powerful field trip of your lives!"
Yona says: "Where Yona and friends going?"
Trixie says: "I am thrilled you asked."
Trixie says: "Because today we're not doing a normal, old, boring field trip where you go somewhere."
Yona says: "So..."
Yona says: "not field trip."
Trixie says: "Au contraire."
Trixie says: "I could have easily taken you to Froggy Bottom Bogg."
Trixie says: "But we don't need to leave the comfort of the classroom for our field trip."
Trixie says: "I can bring the field trip to us!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Trixie, what did you do?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Trixie says: "Well, I found the perfect little patch of bog to teleport into the school."
Trixie says: "I guess I just didn't consider the possibility that a hive of flash bees might have nested there."
Trixie says: "Who told you bees to nest in my patch of field trip bog?!"
Trixie says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Trixie, go with the students!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'll handle this!"
Trixie says: "I was only trying to give them an exceptional field trip experience!"
Trixie says: "Which you have to admit I did."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Aah!"
Trixie says: "Aah!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "We'll talk about it later!"
Trixie says: "Um, Starlight?"
Trixie says: "Hey, there."
Trixie says: "So, um, they're gone?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Yes."
Trixie says: "Nice!"
Trixie says: "Teamwork, am I right?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Are you kidding?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I don't know what team you're on, but it isn't mine."
Starlight Glimmer says: "This was a disaster."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It was dangerous."
Trixie says: "I think the words you're looking for are "great and powerful"."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It wasn't even acceptable!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You went from not taking it seriously to blowing things so out of proportion you put everycreature in danger!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "And I wanted to work with a friend so much, I ignored the fact that you would never be right for the job!"
Trixie says: "I'm confused."
Trixie says: "What are you saying?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm saying you'll never be vice headmare!"
Trixie says: "But..."
Trixie says: "But I thought you created the position for me."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Why would you think that?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I created the position because I need help!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "But I can't think of any way that you would ever help me!"
Trixie says: "Twilight's friends always helped her."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh-ho."
Starlight Glimmer says: "That's because Twilight's friends are competent!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "They care about what they are doing!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "And they know how to do it!"
Trixie says: "Well, I guess I won't take up any more of your time, Headmare Starlight."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Starlight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just thought I'd check in to see how the search for a vice headmare was going."
Starlight Glimmer says: "A lot better now."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I really wanted it to be a friend, so I ended up pushing aside some pretty big signs that it wasn't gonna work out."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Not everypony is right for every job, but everypony has something to contribute."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The trick is figuring out what."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What if you and your friend can't figure it out?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "If you have a job to do, you have to decide what's best and be upfront and honest, even if that means you can't work with a friend on it."
Starlight Glimmer says: "So, I guess that means talking to them at the beginning instead of stringing them along until you get so frustrated you totally lose it and say a bunch of really awful things?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pretty much."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Trixie?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I know you're in there."
Trixie says: "Well, you're wrong!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm sorry for all those things I said."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I just really wanted it to work out, even though I knew it probably wouldn't."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I should have said something sooner."
Trixie says: "Obviously we can't have what we want, because I'm terrible at everything and could never help you with anything!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You aren't terrible."
Starlight Glimmer says: "And you have a lot of great qualities."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Maybe not vice headmare qualities, but great and powerful friend qualities."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, you really stand by the ponies you care about."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Gallus even said nocreature's ever stuck up for him the way you did with Grampa Gruff."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It would have been nice to run the school together, but not everypony is right for every job."
Trixie says: "I know how you take your responsibilities seriously."
Trixie says: "And maybe I should've known I wasn't exactly a perfect fit."
Starlight Glimmer says: "If it makes you feel any better, nopony was."
Trixie says: "What do you mean?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, Dr."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Hooves has decided to go back to his experiments, and Octavia is worried the responsibilities of vice headmare will take too much time away from her music."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Maybe getting a vice headmare was a bad idea."
Trixie says: "Starlight, obviously you'd like some help, and hiring a vice headmare is a great idea."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But who could it be?"
Trixie says: "Well, you need somepony who's responsible like you and detail-oriented like Twilight."
Trixie says: "And..."
Trixie says: "smart, obviously."
Trixie says: "It is a school after all."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It would be nice if I got along with them, since having it be a friend can't work out."
Trixie says: "Maybe it can."
Sunburst says: "..."
Sunburst says: "And I knew as soon as I read Trixie's scroll that it was the exact right thing for me to do."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But what about being Flurry Heart's Crystaller?"
Sunburst says: "Well, honestly, now that Flurry Heart's a little older, there really isn't much for me to do outside of the occasional tradition or festival."
Sunburst says: "And working at a school is what I always thought I'd do."
Sunburst says: "I mean, if you'll have me."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Are you kidding?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You're hired!"
Trixie says: "I had a feeling this would work out."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, Trixie, thank you so much."
Trixie says: "Between being insightful when I want to be and giving good advice when I don't mean to, I suppose I can be a pretty good friend."
Starlight Glimmer says: "More than that, actually."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You really did give good advice."
Starlight Glimmer says: "And you helped me talk through the problem of finding the right pony for the job."
Starlight Glimmer says: "And we know you care about the students."
Trixie says: "Trixie the Great and Powerful Advice Giver, Problem Talk-Through-er, and Student Care-About-er!"
Trixie says: "Eh, I think I'll go with "friend"."
Starlight Glimmer says: ""Friend" is perfect."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But there's a position here at the school you might be right for, too."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What would you say to being the School of Friendship's new student counselor?"
Trixie says: "I'd say this office needs a bit of redecorating."
Trixie says: "Potted plants scream desperation."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Phyllis, no!"