Previously on My Little Pony.
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "the ponies from my old village."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's only a dream."
Starlight Glimmer says: "With my past, I should never be in charge of anything!"
Princess Luna says: "They've taken my sister and I!"
Princess Luna says: "It's worse than the last time!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Chrysalis and the changelings are back."
Starlight Glimmer says: "They've ponynapped all of the most powerful ponies in Equestria!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "this is Thorax."
Starlight Glimmer says: "He's a reformed changeling."
Discord says: "They took Fluttershy?"
Trixie says: "I think I have a pretty good idea where she might be..."
Discord says: "Oh, this is so strange."
Discord says: "We're here and that's there, and I clearly meant for us to be there and not here."
Thorax says: "Oh, I-I can probably explain—"
Discord says: "Oh, well."
Discord says: "If at first you don't succeed..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Maybe we should come up with a plan first?"
Discord says: "A what?"
Trixie says: "You know, figuring out the best way to do something before you actually do it."
Discord says: "Oh, that's adorable."
Discord says: "But you see, unlike you, I can do anything."
Thorax says: "Uh, actually—"
Discord says: "That's all very nice, but really a waste of time."
Discord says: "We have me."
Discord says: "And what else could we possibly need?"
Trixie says: "A draconequus with magic and half a brain might help."
Discord says: "Why are you here again?"
Discord says: "I mean, it's not like you're going to stop the changelings by pulling a rabbit out of a hat."
Discord says: "At least my magic can do something."
Thorax says: "The thing about magic here is—"
Discord says: "Like this!"
Thorax says: "I've been trying to tell you!"
Thorax says: "Nothing other than changeling magic works here."
Thorax says: "Chrysalis' throne is carved from an ancient dark stone that soaks up outside magic the same way changelings soak up love."
Thorax says: "It's how she keeps the hive safe."
Trixie says: "So, uh, what kind of plan were you thinking?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Without magic, I have no idea."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But nopony else is coming."
Starlight Glimmer says: "So somepony better come up with something."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Anypony?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Anything?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Hmm."
Starlight Glimmer says: "This throne – if we get into the hive and destroy it, can we get our magic back?"
Thorax says: "Uh-huh!"
Discord says: "Well, that's a terrible plan."
Discord says: "How are we even supposed to get to the hive?"
Trixie says: "We walk."
Discord says: "I haven't walked that far in a millennia!"
Discord says: "Oh, I don't know how any of you manage not being able to disappear and reappear whenever you want!"
Trixie says: "Well, I, for one, definitely miss you being able to disappear!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Give Discord a break."
Starlight Glimmer says: "None of us knew we weren't going to be able to use magic."
Thorax says: "I did."
Starlight Glimmer says: "If we get separated, it might make sense to have a way to make sure we are who we say we are."
Discord says: "Oh!"
Discord says: "Like a secret code!"
Discord says: "How about if I say "we are" and you say "doomed"?"
Discord says: "Or you say "rescue" and I say..."
Trixie says: "How about if we say "klutzy" and you say "draconequus"?"
Starlight Glimmer says: ""Klutzy draconequus"."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Works for me."
Thorax says: "I'll definitely remember it."
Trixie says: "Okay."
Trixie says: "I am definitely glad you came."
Trixie says: "I don't think we'd be able to find our way without you."
Thorax says: "You definitely wouldn't."
Trixie says: "Um, where's the way out?"
Thorax says: "It's a changeling hive."
Thorax says: "It shifts and changes like we do, and we're the only ones who can navigate it."
Thorax says: "It's total chaos to non-changelings."
Discord says: "Well, it's decent chaos."
Discord says: "I don't know if I'd call it "total"."
Discord says: "Are we sure that I'll get my magic back when we destroy this throne thingy?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "If Thorax is right, then yes."
Discord says: "Well, that's reassuring."
Trixie says: "And how are we supposed to destroy the throne when we find it?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "don't know."
Trixie says: "That's reassuring."
Discord says: "I don't suppose you brought any throne-destroying tools along with these useless sideshow props."
Trixie says: "Asks the Lord of Chaos who can't go for a walk without whining nonstop!"
Discord says: "Yes, but when the throne is destroyed, I'll be able to rip the very fabric of reality to save our friends, while you'll still be a self-absorbed, below-average illusionist!"
Trixie says: "Self-absorbed?!"
Trixie says: "!"
Trixie says: "Why, you..."
Trixie says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Cut."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Out!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm just barely keeping it together, and it would be wonderful if you two could actually try to help instead of bickering like foals!"
Discord says: "Okay."
Trixie says: "How can we help?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Don't ask me!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I couldn't even handle giving advice at the Sunset Festival, and I had magic then!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "And the three of us are as good as useless!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "At least Thorax knows where we're going."
Thorax says: "Um, guys?"
Thorax says: "I think we're lost."
Trixie says: "Oh, great."
Trixie says: "We might as well just sit here and wait for the changelings to soak up all of our love or whatever gross thing it is that they do."
Trixie says: "How often do you all get hungry?"
Thorax says: "Actually, I haven't been since I met Spike."
Thorax says: "And changelings are always hungry."
Thorax says: "We can never get enough love."
Trixie says: "Well, that's just super—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "But you aren't hungry at all now?"
Thorax says: "Huh."
Thorax says: "Once I made a few friends, I guess I just sort of forgot about the whole feeding thing."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Is that about the same time your wings changed?"
Thorax says: "I guess so."
Trixie says: "Can you please lower your voice?!"
Trixie says: "!"
Trixie says: "You're gonna get us all captured!"
Discord says: "Oh, you keep saying that, but I haven't seen an actual changeling since we got into this hive."
Trixie says: "W-What's that?"
Thorax says: "A changeling patrol!"
Discord says: "This seems like one of those moments where we need a plan."
Trixie says: "What kind of plan?!"
Trixie says: "!"
Trixie says: "We have no magic, and it's not like my illusions are gonna save us!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Do you have any of your smoke bombs?"
Trixie says: "Are you kidding?"
Thorax says: "Looking for somepony?"
Thorax says: "Is that the best you've got?!"
Thorax says: "!"
Discord says: "Not exactly great and powerful, but effective."
Trixie says: "Hm."
Trixie says: "I'll take it."
Starlight Glimmer says: ""Klutzy"..."
Trixie says: "..."
Thorax says: "..."
Trixie says: ""draconequus"!"
Thorax says: ""draconequus"!"
Discord says: "Ugh."
Discord says: "I really think we need a new code word!"
Thorax says: "That was a pretty good plan."
Trixie says: "But we still don't know where we're going."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Actually, we might."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Two of the changelings didn't go with the rest."
Thorax says: "Oh!"
Thorax says: "With an intruder in the hive, they went to protect the queen!"
Thorax says: "Good thinking, Starlight!"
Trixie says: "Now what?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "We..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "go in."
Thorax says: "Even if I wanted to, there's no way past the guards."
Thorax says: "We'll be spotted for sure."
Starlight Glimmer says: "We need some kind of..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "distraction."
Trixie says: "I'm fresh out of smoke bombs."
Discord says: "Normally, I'm the most distracting thing I can think of, but without magic..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You shouldn't underestimate yourself."
Discord says: "Hello, changelings and changelettes!"
Discord says: "Believe me, I was just as surprised as you are that I'm here!"
Discord says: "When I heard that I'd be playing for a bunch of changelings, I was beside myself!"
Discord says: "Then I realized, it was just one of you."
Discord says: "But, seriously, this isn't the toughest crowd I've ever been in front of."
Discord says: "But it's definitely the easiest to bug!"
Discord says: ""To bug"?"
Discord says: "Is this thing on?"
Discord says: "Well, if you think that you can do any better, be my guest!"
Trixie says: "It is absolutely ridiculous that that worked."
Discord says: "It is certainly a pleasure to have such dedicated fans."
Discord says: "I'll have to come back with some new material after I rescue Fluttershy."
Discord says: "Fluttershy!"
Fluttershy says: "Discord!"
Fluttershy says: "I'm stuck!"
Discord says: "You certainly are."
Discord says: "And I should probably help you get free."
Discord says: "But..."
Discord says: "oh-ho-ho-ho-ho..."
Fluttershy says: "But what?"
Discord says: "But you are obviously not Fluttershy!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh."
Discord says: "I mean, I'm separated from the group and just happen to come across the one pony I care most about?"
Discord says: "I can smell this setup a mile away."
Fluttershy says: "I understand!"
Discord says: "Oh, come on!"
Fluttershy #1 says: "We're probably all changelings."
Fluttershy #1 says: "You shouldn't rescue any of us."
Fluttershy #1 says: "Unless, you think, maybe one of us might be the real Fluttershy."
Fluttershy #1 says: "Oh, that certainly would be a nasty changeling trick, wouldn't it?"
Fluttershy #2 says: "I'm the real one."
Fluttershy #3 says: "I'm the real one."
Fluttershy #4 says: "I'm the real Fluttershy."
Thorax says: "We can't wait for Discord."
Thorax says: "Between seeing him and Trixie, the castle will be crawling with guards soon."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But if we do manage to destroy Chrysalis' throne, we'll need him."
Starlight Glimmer says: "He could take on the entire changeling army by sneezing if he wanted to."
Trixie says: "He's probably already been captured!"
Changeling says: "Hello?"
Changeling says: "Fellow rescuers?"
Thorax says: "We can't stay here."
Thorax says: "We gotta find the throne."
Changeling says: "Ooh!"
Changeling says: "I heard some of the changelings who were chasing me say that they know where it is!"
Trixie says: ""Klutzy"..."
Trixie says: "?"
Changeling says: "Hmm?"
Changeling says: "Oh."
Changeling says: "Yeah."
Changeling says: "I-I can be klutzy."
Changeling says: "Now, follow me."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You know that's not Discord, right?"
Trixie says: "Obviously."
Changeling says: "This way!"
Changeling says: "We're almost there!"
Thorax says: "I know this trick."
Thorax says: "If he says to go left, we should definitely go right."
Thorax says: "He's leading us to a swarm waiting to attack!"
Trixie says: "Okay, I'll handle it."
Trixie says: "You two just get ready to run into the other tunnel."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Wait, what?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Trixie, you can't!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I won't know what to do!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "We've already lost Discord; I can't lose you too!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Without magic, I—"
Trixie says: "Starlight."
Trixie says: "You got us this far with just my illusions and Discord's annoying personality."
Trixie says: "You don't need magic to figure out what to do next."
Trixie says: "I know you're afraid to be in charge, but you are really good at it!"
Trixie says: "Listen to your best friend."
Trixie says: "Hey, Discord!"
Trixie says: "Want to see the new trick I've been working on?"
Trixie says: "I call it the "Changeling Catcher"!"
Trixie says: "Run!"
Trixie says: "Ta-da..."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Oh, how will I ever prevent this daring rescue?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Well, well, well."
Queen Chrysalis says: "The Princess of Friendship's sole pupil."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Honestly, I didn't think you were worth replacing with one of my drones."
Thorax says: "You won't get away with this!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "I already have."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Nopony is coming to save you."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Your little squad was it."
Queen Chrysalis says: "And now, there's just you."
Thorax says: "Thorax is still out there."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Don't mention that traitor's name in my kingdom!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "He was a fool to leave and even more a fool to return!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "When I find him, he'll learn just what happens to those who betray the hive!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "And it seems I don't have far to look, do I..."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Thorax?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Very clever."
Queen Chrysalis says: "And clearly Thorax revealed to you the secret of my throne."
Queen Chrysalis says: "I can't have powerful ponies using their abilities against me."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Even with your rather embarrassing little rescue attempt, everything has gone according to my plan."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What plan?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Why did you do all this?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "So I could feed, of course!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "By replacing the most beloved figures in Equestria, my drones will be able to store all the love meant for them and return it here to me."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Everypony will do as I command, and my subjects and I will feed on their love for generations!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What if you didn't have to?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Ridiculous!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "The hunger of changelings can never be satisfied!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Exactly!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Thorax left the hive and made a friend."
Starlight Glimmer says: "He shared love, and now he doesn't need to feed."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You don't have to live your lives starving all the time!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "You know nothing of the changelings or what it takes to be their queen!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "I decide what is best for my subjects, not some mewling grub!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I know what it's like to lead by fear and intimidation!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "And I know what it's like to want everypony to do what you say!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "But I was wrong."
Starlight Glimmer says: "A real leader doesn't force her subjects to deny who they are!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "She celebrates what makes them unique and listens when one of them finds a better way!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "The only thing Thorax has found is what happens to those who turn their back on the hive!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "No!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Stop!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Just as soon as I drain every last ounce of love from him and show my subjects what a real leader is!"
Thorax says: "I can feel the love inside me slipping away..."
Thorax says: "!"
Thorax says: "I can't hold onto it much longer..."
Thorax says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Then don't!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Sharing love is what made you different to begin with!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You should share yours with Chrysalis!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Give her all of it!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "This is what happens when you give love freely instead of taking it!"
Discord says: "Fluttershy?"
Fluttershy says: "It's, um, good to see you, too."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Starlight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What happened?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "We defeated the changelings with no magic at all, they found a new leader, and..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "they're all kinda..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "good now."
Princess Luna says: "Well done, Starlight Glimmer."
Princess Luna says: "It seems as though you've learned a great deal since we last spoke."
Starlight Glimmer says: "When Twilight and her friends defeated me, I chose to run away and seek revenge!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You don't have to!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You can be the leader your subjects deserve."
Queen Chrysalis says: "There is no revenge you could ever conceive of that will come close to what I will exact upon you one day, Starlight Glimmer!"
Princess Celestia says: "Thorax, as the new leader of the changelings, I look forward to discussing how we can improve our relationship in the future."
Princess Celestia says: "However, for the moment, perhaps it is best that we leave the Changeling Kingdom to the changelings."
Discord says: "Splendid idea!"
Discord says: "Now who's ready for some celebratory tea at Fluttershy's?!"
Discord says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh!"
Fluttershy says: "Uh, everypony?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Actually, now that you can snap your claws and send us absolutely anywhere again, I think I have a better option."
Party Favor says: "Uh, hey, Starlight."
Party Favor says: "What are you doing here?"
Double Diamond says: "You left in such a hurry before, we kinda thought you didn't wanna come."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Yeah..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I guess after the way I used my magic on all of you, I wasn't sure I was somepony who should even be in charge of a baking contest."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I was afraid I might go back to being the pony I used to be."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But I realize that sometimes you don't have a choice."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You have to step up."
Starlight Glimmer says: "And I have changed!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I can handle it."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Whether that means saving Equestria or helping friends out with the Sunset Festival."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Speaking of which, I know the Festival's almost over, but I kinda invited a few of my friends to join."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Hope that's okay."
Double Diamond says: "Are you kidding?"
Double Diamond says: "Of course!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Great!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Now where's that baking contest?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "This pony needs a cupcake!"
Discord says: "So I'm able to rip the very fabric of reality again."
Trixie says: "Yeah, yeah."
Trixie says: "And I'm still a self-absorbed, below-average illusionist, right?"
Discord says: "Actually, I was going to say a couple of those illusions were slightly above average."
Discord says: "If you ever need a little chaos in your act, let me know."
Trixie says: "Ha!"
Trixie says: "When pigs fly!"
Discord says: "Your wish is my command!"
Trixie says: "Whoa!"
Trixie says: "Whoooooaaaa!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Somepony is really gonna have to catch us up on what we missed."