Twilight Sparkle says: "Let's go through this one more time."
Rainbow Dash says: "We've been over it like a million times, Twilight!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We found all six keys, defeated Tirek, and got this sweet castle!"
Rainbow Dash says: "End of story!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes, but why?"
Applejack says: "I dunno, sugarcube."
Applejack says: "Maybe it's just your new house and there ain't nothin' more to it than that."
Rarity says: "I must say, speaking strictly on aesthetics, there really doesn't need to be more to it."
Rarity says: "It's all simply divine!"
Fluttershy says: "I agree with Twilight."
Fluttershy says: "And Rarity."
Fluttershy says: "And Applejack."
Fluttershy says: "And Rainbow Dash."
Fluttershy says: "And Pinkie Pie."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, and probably Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "As princess, I've been chosen to spread the magic of friendship across Equestria."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So why would the Tree of Harmony want us to sit in a castle in Ponyville?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It doesn't make any sense."
Spike says: "Is that new?"
Spike says: "I like it."
Spike says: "This is incredible!"
Spike says: "It's got all of Equestria!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hi, Mom and Dad!"
Fluttershy says: "But if this is Ponyville, why are our cutie marks over there?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But it seems like the map wants us to find out."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Tree, the chest, this castle, and now the map."
Twilight Sparkle says: "How can we not follow it?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Y'know what?"
Rainbow Dash says: "There's a ton of room for dangerous adventure along that route."
Rainbow Dash says: "Count me in!"
Applejack says: "Aw, shoot, I reckon you're right."
Pinkie Pie says: "Well, I was planning on organizing my baking sheets, but okay!"
Rarity says: "Very well."
Fluttershy says: "Um, maybe I'll just stay here with Spike."
Spike says: "Awesome!"
Spike says: "Me and Big Mac have a huge weekend ahead of us talkin' hoofball, and..."
Spike says: "and trading hoofball cards, and arguing about hoofball stats..."
Fluttershy says: "O-o-on second thought, m-m-maybe I'd better go with them."
Fluttershy says: "In case they need me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Looks like it's time for a road trip."
Spike says: "Well, suit yourself."
Spike says: "But he's got a Hock Fetlock rookie card I plan to sweet-talk right into these hot little claws."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's the place on the map!"
Rarity says: "Right."
Rarity says: "Let's get down there and find the spa."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wait."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We don't know why the map sent us here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We shouldn't just walk right in."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It could be dangerous."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yes!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Stay behind me, everypony!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm on it!"
Applejack says: "Careful, Pinkie!"
Rainbow Dash says: "This is where the map sent us?"
Rainbow Dash says: "It looks like the most boring place in Equestria."
Applejack says: "It's just an ordinary village full of ordinary pony folk."
Rarity says: "It could certainly use a few more architectural flourishes."
Rarity says: "Or any architectural flourishes."
Fluttershy says: "I think it's lovely."
Pinkie Pie says: "I don't like it."
Pinkie Pie says: "I don't like it one bit."
Pinkie Pie says: "I know smiles."
Pinkie Pie says: "And those smiles?"
Pinkie Pie says: "They're just not right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Forget the smiles."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Look at the cutie marks."
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay, that's weird."
Twilight Sparkle says: "An entire village with the same cutie mark?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "How can that be?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I bet there's some sort of horrific monster behind it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What makes you say that?"
Rainbow Dash says: "'Cause fighting a horrific monster would be super-awesome!"
Applejack says: "I reckon we just ought to head into town and talk to some locals, find out what's goin' on."
Rainbow Dash says: "Great idea, AJ."
Rainbow Dash says: "Let's go!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Those smiles are bad news."
"Sunny Song" says: "Welcome!"
S05E01 Unnamed Pegasus Mare #3 says: "Welcome!"
S05E01 Unnamed Unicorn Stallion #3 says: "Welcome!"
"Bacon Braids" says: "Welcome!"
S05E01 Unnamed Unicorn Stallion #2 says: "Welcome!"
"Offbeat" says: "Welcome!"
S05E01 Unnamed Unicorn Filly #1 says: "Welcome!"
Cotton Cloudy says: "Welcome!"
"Princess Erroria" says: "Welcome!"
"Ruby Pinch" says: "Welcome!"
Fluttershy says: "This must be the most pleasant place in Equestria!"
Night Glider says: "Welcome!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh."
Rainbow Dash says: "Thanks a lot, map."
Party Favor says: "Welcome!"
Party Favor says: "Pardon my forwardness, but are you an Alicorn?"
Applejack says: "That there's the Princess of Friendship!"
Party Favor says: "Well, you've certainly come to the right place for friendship."
Double Diamond says: "What brings you to town?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're not entirely sure."
Double Diamond says: "I see."
Double Diamond says: "Well, all are welcome here in our little village."
Double Diamond says: "My name is Double Diamond, and this is Party Favor."
Applejack says: "Howdy, Double Diamond."
Applejack says: "I'm Applejack, and this here's Pinkie Pie, Fluttershy, Rarity, Rainbow Dash, and Twilight Sparkle."
Double Diamond says: "And you all have your own unique cutie marks."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If you don't mind, has there been any sort of..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "trouble here, lately?"
Double Diamond says: "Trouble?"
Double Diamond says: "Why, I don't think we've ever had trouble in our little village."
Party Favor says: "It's true."
Party Favor says: "You'll see."
Party Favor says: "Hm."
Double Diamond says: "Perhaps you'd care to speak to our founder Starlight Glimmer."
Fluttershy says: "I wish everypony in Equestria was as friendly as these ponies are."
Pinkie Pie says: "I've got my eye on them."
Pinkie Pie says: "Something's rotten in..."
Pinkie Pie says: "whatever the name of this village is that we're in right now!"
Double Diamond says: "Starlight, we have some new visitors."
Rainbow Dash says: "Be ready to fight."
Rainbow Dash says: "We don't know what's gonna come through that door."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Welcome!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm so pleased to have you here."
Double Diamond says: "This is Applejack, Fluttershy, Pinkie Pie, Rarity, Rainbow Dash, and Twilight Sparkle."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Forgive my bluntness, but I'm assuming it's Princess Twilight Sparkle?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "We don't get many Alicorns around here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes, but "Twilight" is fine."
Starlight Glimmer says: "So!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "How did you hear of our little village?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's kind of a long story."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Let's just say we found it on a map."
Pinkie Pie says: "Technically, it's a Tree-chest-castle-map!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, however you found us, we're happy to have you!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "We're happy to have anypony who wants to experience true friendship for the first time."
Applejack says: "Say what?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, indeed."
Starlight Glimmer says: "That's what's so unique about our village, you see."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Around here, we don't flaunt our special talents because we don't have any special talents to flaunt."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Is that why you all have those cutie marks?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Perhaps it would be easier to understand if I gave you a tour of the village!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Heads high, ponies!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Marching proud!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "All together now!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Every one of you!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "No pony left behind!"
Life is so grand in Our Town.
We're always filled with cheer.
We never have to look around.
To know that we're all here.
Citizens.
In Our Town, in Our Town.
We don't have to wait.
To find out that our destiny.
Is just to emulate.
Starlight Glimmer says: "Let's see those big, happy smiles!"
Life is a smile in Our Town.
Our cutie mark's the same.
Because we do not separate.
Ourselves by more than name.
Citizens.
In Our Town, in Our Town.
We dare not compete.
Winning only breeds the worst.
Ego-filled conceit.
Starlight Glimmer says: "You see?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Now everypony wins!"
Life is a joy in Our Town.
We're all equal here.
No one is superior.
And no one shakes in fear.
Citizens.
In Our Town, in Our Town.
We work as a team.
You can't have a nightmare.
If you never dream.
Starlight Glimmer.
Other ponies argue.
Do you ever wonder why?
When you think your talent's special.
You don't see eye-to-eye.
There's just too many differences.
That lead to disarray.
But when you learn to act as one.
It's like a holiday.
Citizens.
In Our Town, in Our Town.
We don't complicate.
When you learn to simplify.
Life is oh, so great.
Join in our utopia.
Come out of the dark.
Banded by equality.
By our cutie mark!
Rainbow Dash says: "You're kidding, right?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Give up our cutie marks?"
Rainbow Dash says: "No way!"
Fluttershy says: "Rainbow Dash, don't be so rude."
Fluttershy says: "I don't think we should judge them."
Fluttershy says: "They all seem perfectly happy with their choice."
Pinkie Pie says: "Don't believe their smiles, Fluttershy."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sorry, I guess we're just a little confused by all of this."
Starlight Glimmer says: "We have no judgements here in our village."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Each of us was confused once as well, blinded by the false promise of our cutie marks."
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa, whoa, whoa."
Rainbow Dash says: "Is she for real?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "When we were sent to this village, we assumed it was to help in some way."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But, well, it doesn't seem like you need any help."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Have you considered perhaps that you might have been sent here so we could help you?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "After all, nopony has ever come to our village and wanted to leave."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Why should you be any different?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "But that is entirely your choice."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Please enjoy our little corner of Equestria."
Starlight Glimmer says: "We're all quite fond of it."
Starlight Glimmer says: "No doubt you will be as well."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Double Diamond, please help our guests with whatever they might need."
Double Diamond says: "Of course."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, this will certainly provide a boost to our little community."
Starlight Glimmer says: "When the rest of Equestria sees that a princess gave up her cutie mark to join us, they'll finally understand what we're trying to accomplish."
S05E01 Unnamed Unicorn Stallion #3 says: "Welcome!"
"Ivy Vine" says: "Welcome!"
"Sunny Song" says: "Welcome!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "A cutie mark is a representation of a pony's unique talents and skills."
Twilight Sparkle says: "How is it possible to—"
Rarity says: "What in the name of Equestria is that?!"
Rarity says: "!"
"Burlap" says: "Welcome!"
"Burlap" says: "Care to sample some local fashion?"
"Burlap" says: "We've got cloaks this month!"
Rarity says: "No wonder nopony's wearing anything!"
Fluttershy says: "Really, girls!"
Fluttershy says: "They may do things a bit differently than we're used to, but that's no reason to be rude."
Rainbow Dash says: "No, the reason to be rude is that they all keep staring at us!"
Double Diamond says: "Need something?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh, no!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're good!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy's right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If we're going to get to the bottom of why the map sent us here, we'll need the help of these ponies."
Applejack says: "I think we ran off to the end of Equestria before we even knew what that map was!"
Pinkie Pie says: "If we were at the end of Equestria, we'd be sitting on a big 'A'!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Get it?"
Rarity says: "Oh, please, Miss Pie!"
Rarity says: "This is hardly the time for jokes!"
Rarity says: "We've come all this way and for what?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe you're right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But we're here now, and it sure feels like something's wrong."
Applejack says: "That and two bits'll get you a cup of cider."
Sugar Belle says: "Is this a bad time?"
Fluttershy says: "We shouldn't be bickering like this in front of our new friends."
Fluttershy says: "Really, Applejack, you're almost as bad as Rainbow Dash!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Don't drag me into this!"
Sugar Belle says: "Is your friendship ending?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Are you crazy?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "We'd never let a disagreement get in the way of food!"
Sugar Belle says: "O-kay, well, my name is Sugar Belle."
Sugar Belle says: "What can I bring you?"
Sugar Belle says: "We have: muffins..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Then I guess we'll take six muffins!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Make that twelve!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm hungry!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come on, girls."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We've got to stick together."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It doesn't matter what happened before, we're here now."
Applejack says: "I guess you're right."
Applejack says: "And the sooner we figure out why, the sooner we can go home."
Sugar Belle says: "Forgive me for overhearing, but just a moment ago you were disagreeing, and now it sounds like you're..."
Sugar Belle says: "agreeing."
Applejack says: "Uh-huh..."
Sugar Belle says: "Well, you had such differing opinions – and cutie marks."
Rarity says: "We have differing opinions all the time, darling."
Sugar Belle says: "But you look like you're friends."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We are friends."
Twilight Sparkle says: "A simple disagreement wouldn't change that."
Sugar Belle says: "I'm sorry, I'm just having a hard time understanding."
Sugar Belle says: "Different talents lead to different opinions, which lead to bitterness and misery."
Sugar Belle says: "So..."
Sugar Belle says: "why aren't you bitter and..."
Sugar Belle says: "?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Blech!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Mmmm..."
Pinkie Pie says: "good..."
Sugar Belle says: "It's all right."
Sugar Belle says: "I know I'm not a very good baker."
Sugar Belle says: "At least, I know I'm not any better than anypony else in the village."
Sugar Belle says: "Well, I..."
Sugar Belle says: "hope you enjoy our little village!"
Sugar Belle says: "Come inside before you go!"
Sugar Belle says: "Meet me downstairs!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay, that was weird too."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Let's all sit here and eat these muffins and act normal."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think we're being watched."
Rainbow Dash says: "You think?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No, not like that!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I mean somepony here doesn't want us talking to Sugar Belle."
Applejack says: "I got an idea."
Applejack says: "But you gotta eat all of them muffins, Pinkie."
Pinkie Pie says: "Me?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Why me?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Applejack says: "You got a stronger stomach than any of us, and that filly in there might be our best chance at findin' out what the hay is goin' on round here."
Applejack says: "I can't believe you ate all our muffins, Pinkie Pie!"
Applejack says: "We'd best go inside and get some more!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nice work, Pinkie."
Pinkie Pie says: "I've accidentally eaten cardboard tastier than that..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hello?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sugar Belle?"
Sugar Belle says: "Thank you for coming!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why did you want us to come down here?"
Sugar Belle says: "So nopony could see what's about to happen."
Party Favor says: "Are you really the Princess of Friendship?"
Night Glider says: "Do you know Princess Celestia?"
Sugar Belle says: "I love your cutie mark!"
Night Glider says: "How can you be friends with different cutie marks?"
Night Glider says: "Don't you end up hating each other?"
Sugar Belle says: "Oh, look at this one!"
Sugar Belle says: "This one's great too!"
Sugar Belle says: "I'd love to have my special talent back even just for a day!"
Sugar Belle says: "Make something besides those disgusting muffins..."
Rainbow Dash says: "So what's stopping you?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Go get your cutie marks back."
Party Favor says: "Daydreaming is one thing, but you mean actually having it put back on?"
Party Favor says: "That seems extreme."
Sugar Belle says: "I'm not sure Starlight would like that."
Sugar Belle says: "She wants us all to be happy in our sameness."
Twilight Sparkle says: "How do you take somepony's cutie mark anyway?"
Night Glider says: "The cutie unmarking is a beautiful experience!"
Night Glider says: "Starlight uses the Staff of Sameness to magically take them away and replace them with these."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But nopony should keep you from your cutie mark."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It represents such an essential part of who you are."
Night Glider says: "Oh, we're not kept from them."
Night Glider says: "They're in the vault up in the caves."
Night Glider says: "We can visit them any time we like to remind us of the heartache of a life with special talents."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Can we visit this cave?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm delighted you're interested in our cutie mark vault."
Starlight Glimmer says: "We hope someday every pony in Equestria will make a pilgrimage here to our little village to have theirs removed too, and our message of  perfectly equal friendship can finally spread across the land."
Twilight Sparkle says: "This must be the reason we're here."
Pinkie Pie says: ""Pilgrimaging"?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No, helping those ponies get their cutie marks back."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, are you sure, Twilight?"
Fluttershy says: "Maybe they miss them a little, but even they didn't seem all that unhappy."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Then why did they want to meet us in secret?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And why did they ask us not to tell Starlight who told us about the vault?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Something's not right."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Just through here!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Behold!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Our cutie mark vault!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've never seen anything like it!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "And here is the Staff of Sameness."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It was one of the great Mage Meadowbrook's nine enchanted items."
Starlight Glimmer says: "We are incredibly fortunate to have it here."
Starlight Glimmer says: "This is the tool that allows us to free ourselves from our marks!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm curious – how did the subject of the vault come up?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, some ponies were telling us how much they missed their cutie marks, and—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oops..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Were they?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, it seems you inspire all sorts of free thinking, don't you?"
Rarity says: "Well, w-we certainly didn't intend to cause any disruptions to your charming little—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Good."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Let's just make sure of that, shall we?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's a trap!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Aw."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I don't blame you for what you tried to do here today."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You've spent your whole lives thinking those marks are a good thing."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Give them back!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, now you can spend the rest of your lives here with us!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "And we'll teach you just how much better life can be without your cutie marks!"
To be continued...