Pinkie Pie says: "Let's do this!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Nailed it!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Morning, DaisyJo!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You here to pick up some cookies to go with your milk?"
DaisyJo says: "Oh ya, Pinkie, don'tcha know?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Well, Mrs."
Pinkie Pie says: "Cake just baked a fresh batch of your favorite oatmeal."
DaisyJo says: "Mooo, sounds delightful!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, Rose, your Calla lilies look even better than last year!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I bet you'll take first prize at the flower show again."
Rose says: "Thanks, Pinkie!"
Rose says: "Would you like one?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Absolutely!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Looking fit as a fiddle, Mr."
Pinkie Pie says: "Waddle, and you're wearing my favorite tie!"
Mr. Waddle says: "Aw, shucks, Miss Pinkie, you flatterer you."
Pinkie Pie says: "Well, happy birthday, Cheerilee."
Cheerilee says: "Thank you, Pinkie."
Pinkie Pie says: "Happy day-after-your-birthday, Zecora!"
Zecora says: "What a lovely hi, Miss Pinkie Pie!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And Miss Matilda, happy birthday to you..."
Pinkie Pie says: "in one hundred and thirty two days!"
Matilda says: "Pinkie Pie!"
Matilda says: "How do you remember everything about everypony?"
Pinkie Pie says: "'Cause everypony's my friend and I love to see my friends smile!"
Pinkie Pie.
My name is Pinkie Pie Hello!
And I am here to say How ya doin'?
I'm gonna make you smile and I will brighten up your day.
It doesn't matter now What's up?
If you are sad or blue Howdy!
Yes I do.
It fills my heart with sunshine all the while.
Yes it does.
From these happy friends of mine.
I like to see you grin Awesome!
I love to see you beam Rock on!
The corners of your mouth turned up is always Pinkie's dream Hoof bump!
But if you're kind of worried.
And your face has made a frown.
I'll work real hard and do my best to turn that sad frown upside down.
Yes I do.
Bust it out from ear to ear let it begin.
Just give me a joyful grin, grin, grin.
And you fill me with good cheer.
It's true some days are dark and lonely.
And maybe you feel sad.
But Pinkie will be there to show you that it isn't that bad.
There's one thing that makes me happy and makes my whole life worthwhile.
And that's when I talk to my friends and get them to smile.
I really am so happy.
Your smile fills me with glee.
I give a smile I get a smile.
And that's so special to me.
Yes I do.
Tell me what more can I say to make you see.
That I do.
It makes me happy when you beam, beam, beam.
Yes it always makes my day.
Come on everypony smile, smile, smile.
Fill my heart up with sunshine, sunshine.
All I really need's a smile, smile, smile.
From these happy friends of mine.
Choir and Pinkie Pie.
Come on everypony smile, smile, smile.
Fill my heart up with sunshine, sunshine.
All I really need's a smile, smile, smile.
From these happy friends of mine.
Pinkie Pie.
Yes the perfect gift for me.
Is a smile as wide as a mile.
To make me happy as can be.
Choir.
Come on everypony smile, smile, smile.
Fill my heart up with sunshine, sunshine.
All I really need's a smile, smile, smile.
From these happy friends of.
Choir and Pinkie Pie.
Smile, smile, smile, smile, smile.
Pinkie Pie.
Come on and smile.
Come on and smile.
Pinkie Pie says: "I've never seen you before."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Kid, you're smarter than you look."
Pinkie Pie says: "Thanks!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm Pinkie Pie."
Pinkie Pie says: "What's your name?"
Pinkie Pie says: ""Property of C."
Pinkie Pie says: "D."
Pinkie Pie says: "D."
Pinkie Pie says: "" I'm guessing that last "D" is for "Donkey"."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Quick as a whip, kid."
Pinkie Pie says: "Now, how 'bout that "C"?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hmm..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Calvin?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Calhoun?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Caleb?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Carl?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Carmine?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Carlo?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Charlie?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Chester?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Chico?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Claudio?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Cletus?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Clifford?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Coraline?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Cornelius?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Cortez?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Crank?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Christopher–?"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Cranky!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "It's Cranky, alright?!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And your middle name?"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Doodle."
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm sorry?"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Doodle."
Pinkie Pie says: "One more time..."
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Doodle."
Pinkie Pie says: "So you're a Cranky Doodle Donkey?"
Pinkie Pie.
You're a Cranky Doodle Donkey guy.
A Cranky Doodle Donkey.
I never met you but you're my new friend.
Pinkie Pie says: "C'mon now, Doodle, give a smile!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Nopony calls me Doodle!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What just happened?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Meet somepony new, check."
Pinkie Pie says: "Introduce myself, check."
Pinkie Pie says: "Sing random song outta nowhere, check."
Pinkie Pie says: "Become instant best friends..."
Pinkie Pie says: "uncheck."
Pinkie Pie says: "I don't get it."
Pinkie Pie says: "How can somepony not become instant best friends with me?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Was it something I said?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Was it something I sang?"
Pinkie Pie says: "This is no time for the blame game, Pinkie!"
Pinkie Pie says: "There's somepony new in town, and you need to win him over!"
Pinkie Pie says: "'Try everything you can to make Cranky smile and be your friend'..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Check!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Alright, Pinkie."
Pinkie Pie says: "If you're gonna win Cranky's friendship, you're gonna have to bring your A game!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Let's do this."
Pinkie Pie says: "Howdy-doody, Cranky Doodle!"
Pinkie Pie says: "So, uh, are you moving to Ponyville, Cranky?"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "What gave you the hint there, kid?"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "The cart full of stuff, maybe?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Well, I'd be happy to show you around."
Pinkie Pie says: "It's the least a new friend can do."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Listen, kid, I traveled around Equestria my entire life."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "I've made many friends."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "I don't need any more."
Pinkie Pie says: "Gosh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I could never have too many friends!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Well, why don't you go and make some more?"
Pinkie Pie says: "But I don't need to go when I can stay and make friends..."
Pinkie Pie says: "with you."
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, Cranky, you can call me Pinkie."
Pinkie Pie says: "All of my friends do."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Look, kid, I came to Ponyville for some peace and quiet and privacy, to be alone with my memories."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "All I want is to get to my new home and unpack my stuff."
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh, what does this bauble do?"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Don't touch that!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooooooh, what's this?"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Please, don't!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oooh, look at these!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Eeeheeeheee!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Pinkie!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Keep your hooves off my wagon!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Okay, Cranky."
Pinkie Pie says: "I promised not to touch your wagon, so I brought one of my own!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I use it to welcome folks!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Who'd'a guessed?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Maybe we can be wagon buddies!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Well, you've gotta at least let me give you the special welcome that comes with it..."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Let's get this over with."
Pinkie Pie says: "That's the spirit!"
Pinkie Pie.
Welcome welcome welcome.
A fine welcome to you.
Welcome welcome welcome.
I say how do you do?
Welcome welcome welcome.
I say hip hip hurray.
Welcome welcome welcome.
To Ponyville today.
Pinkie Pie says: "Wait for it!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Noooo!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, silly me!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I must've put the confetti in the oven and the cake in the confetti cannons!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Again!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Mmm, still delicious!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Try some, Cranky, it's sure to make you smile."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Oh, where is it, where is it?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Where's what?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Spider!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Big hairy spider!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Stop, stop, stop!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh."
Pinkie Pie says: "Was that your wig?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I can fix this, I can fix this!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hey, everypony!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Does anypony have a toupee?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "This donkey is really, really, bald!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What's so funny?"
Pinkie Pie says: "This is serious business, everypony!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Cranky needs a new wig to cover his hairless head!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "I have had enough!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, you're losing him, Pinkie."
Pinkie Pie says: "Wait, Cranky!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Please, let me make it up to you!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "No!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Please!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, please please please..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Ladies, this is a spa emergency."
Pinkie Pie says: "Cranky needs help, STAT."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hi, Cranky!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I have a gift for you!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "The spa treatment was gift enough."
Pinkie Pie says: "It's not going to explode or anything."
Pinkie Pie says: "Promise."
Pinkie Pie says: "Just open it!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's a new toupee!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I had my friend Rarity make it."
Pinkie Pie says: "She calls it the "dreamboat special"."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "This is wonderful."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Thanks, kid."
Pinkie Pie says: "He's starting to warm up, but still no smile."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hmmm."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hey!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whatcha doing there, ol' buddy ol' pal?"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "What's it look like?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Looks like a yard sale."
Pinkie Pie says: "I'll give you two bits for this!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "I'm not selling, kid."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "I'm unpacking."
Pinkie Pie says: "Well, why didn't you say so?"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "I thought I had."
Pinkie Pie says: "This is so pretty!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Where'd you get it?"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Manehattan."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Now put it down, gently."
Pinkie Pie says: "Really?"
Pinkie Pie says: "What were you doin' there?"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Trying to find a friend."
Pinkie Pie says: "Oooh, I'm always trying to find friends, and today I found you."
Pinkie Pie says: "See how good I am at it?"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "This was a special friend."
Pinkie Pie says: "Like me?"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "No, you're extra special, kid."
Pinkie Pie says: "Woow, where in Equestria did you get this, Cranky?"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Fillydelphia."
Pinkie Pie says: "It's awfully pretty."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Yes, she was."
Pinkie Pie says: "Huh?"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "I mean, it was– I mean, it is."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Yes, it's pretty."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Now put it down!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I wonder where Cranky got this."
Pinkie Pie says: "Huh."
Pinkie Pie says: "Will you look at that?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hey, Cranky!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh no!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "What did you say-ayayayayay!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "What have you done?!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "There!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Uh, all better?"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "No, not all better, all soggy!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm sorry, Cranky!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Oh, you're sorry!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Well, then, everything is fine!"
Pinkie Pie says: "..."
Pinkie Pie says: "It is?"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "No!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "It isn't!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Listen to me, kid, I will never be your friend!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Never, or never-ever?"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Never, ever, ever, ever, ever!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That's four 'evers'."
Pinkie Pie says: "That's like..."
Pinkie Pie says: "forever!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I just can't believe it."
Pinkie Pie says: "Cranky said he would never forever be my friend."
Pinkie Pie says: "It was horrible."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know this is hard for you, Pinkie, seeing that you're friends with everypony, but you just have to accept that Cranky is gonna be an exception."
Twilight Sparkle says: "He just..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "doesn't want to be bothered."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, he doesn't want to be bothered by your over-the-top super-hyper antics."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow!"
Pinkie Pie says: "No, no, it's okay, Twilight."
Pinkie Pie says: "I get what you're saying."
Pinkie Pie says: "What you're both saying."
Pinkie Pie says: "And I guess..."
Pinkie Pie says: "I can leave Cranky alone."
Pinkie Pie says: "..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Right after he accepts my apology!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Cranky!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "No!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "No!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Leave me alone!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Wait!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I understand that you don't want me as a friend!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "No, I don't!"
Pinkie Pie says: "So I just wanted to say 'I'm sorry'!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Fine!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "You said it!"
Pinkie Pie says: "But do you accept my apology?"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "No!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, Cranky!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Please accept my apology!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Please!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "No!"
Pinkie Pie says: "But I'm really, really, really..."
Pinkie Pie says: "..."
Pinkie Pie says: "really, really..."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Ah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "..."
Pinkie Pie says: "really, really, really..."
Pinkie Pie says: "..."
Pinkie Pie says: "really, really, really..."
Pinkie Pie says: "..."
Pinkie Pie says: "really, really, really..."
Pinkie Pie says: "..."
Pinkie Pie says: "really, really, really, really..."
Pinkie Pie says: "..."
Pinkie Pie says: "really, really, really, really..."
Pinkie Pie says: "..."
Pinkie Pie says: "sorry!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Cranky, please, please accept my apology!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'd do anything to make it up to you!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "But there's nothing you can do!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "You ruined my book!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "You destroyed all I have to remember her by!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Her?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Her who?"
Pinkie Pie says: "The special friend?"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Go away, Pinkie!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Cranky?"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's me again."
Pinkie Pie says: "I understand that you don't wanna be my friend or accept my apology..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Before I leave you alone forever, I have something to at least try to make up for ruining your book."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "No, I don't want it, kid!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Anything you would give me is sure to lead to some sort of disaster!"
Matilda says: "Goodness, you really are cranky."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "It can't be..."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Is it really you?"
Matilda says: "It can, and it is."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Matilda!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "But how?"
Matilda says: "Pinkie."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "But..."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "I never told you about her!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You didn't have to."
Pinkie Pie says: "I put two and two and two together and it added up to Matilda."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "What?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Well, when you were talking about your souvenirs, you said something about trying to find a special friend!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And y'know, I wasn't just born yesterday."
Pinkie Pie says: "Nuh-uh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "My birthday isn't for another seventy five days!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Huh?"
Pinkie Pie says: "And then, in your scrapbook, there was a flower, an old ticket, and a menu from the Grand Galloping Gala!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And I knew I recognized all these things."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "But how could you have ever seen them before?"
Matilda says: "Because I also have them in my scrapbook."
Pinkie Pie says: "And I'd seen them in Matilda's book!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Oh, Matilda."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "The night we met at the Gala was the most magical night of my life."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "I couldn't wait to see you again."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "But when I came to your room the next day, you were gone."
Matilda says: "Didn't you get my note?"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "No, I never got it."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Ever since that day I've gone from town to town to town, searching all over Equestria for you..."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "..."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Until finally I gave up."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "I came to Ponyville to retire from my search."
Matilda says: "I was living in Ponyville the whole time."
Matilda says: "I always hoped that some day you would come and find me..."
Matilda says: "Doodle."
Pinkie Pie says: "Uh."
Pinkie Pie says: "Matilda?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Nopony calls him Doodle."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Nopony..."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "but Matilda."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Mmm."
Matilda says: "Oh, Doodle, I'm so happy to see you."
Pinkie Pie says: "So does this mean that you accept my apology?"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Yes, Pinkie, I accept your apology, and I am honored to call you my friend."
Pinkie Pie says: "party!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, I have to throw you guys a big party!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It'll be called the 'Welcome to Ponyville/I Found My Lost Love/I'm BFF's with Pinkie Pie' Party!"
Pinkie Pie says: "..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Or maybe something less over-the-top and not so super-hyper."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Pinkie, we're eternally grateful to you."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "But..."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Matilda and I just want to spend some time together in peace and quiet."
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh."
Pinkie Pie says: "Um, but we're still friends?"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Pinkie, you went way, way, way out of your way to make me happy."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Of course we're friends."
Pinkie Pie says: "Great!"
There are many different kinds of friends, and many ways to express friendship. Some friends like to run and laugh and play together. But others just like to be left alone, and that's fine too. But the best thing about friendship is being able to make your friends smile.
Pinkie Pie.
He had a Cranky Doodle sweetheart.
She's his cranky doodle joy.
I helped the Cranky Doodle boy, yeah!
I helped the Cranky Doodle boy!
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Pinkie!"
Matilda says: "Pinkie!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whoops, privacy."
Pinkie Pie says: "Sorry."
Yankee Doodle Dandy plays over credits.