Spike says: "Seems like only yesterday I was saving this place from being totally destroyed."
Spike says: "Hey, you guys remember that?"
Rainbow Dash says: "You only mentioned it about fifteen times on the train here."
Rarity says: "Yes, and we never hear a peep out of you about your exploits."
Rainbow Dash says: "Heh, point taken."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm glad you all wanted to come, but I don't think it's gonna be that exciting."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I pretty much just have to smile and wave as the dignitaries arrive."
Rarity says: "Yes, but you get to smile and wave like a princess."
Applejack says: "How exactly is that different than smilin' and wavin' like not a princess?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It isn't."
Fluttershy says: "What's wrong, Twilight?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Why the looooooooong face?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've just been feeling a little unsure about things lately."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It doesn't seem that my new role as a princess equates to all that much."
Applejack says: "That's just silly."
Applejack says: "You've got a real important role in Equestria."
Fluttershy says: "Princess Celestia wouldn't have asked you to come today if she didn't think so."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I guess you're right."
Rarity says: "Of course we are."
Rarity says: "Now hurry along!"
Rarity says: "You don't want to risk having that important role diminished because you were tardy for your regal meet-and-greet."
Flash Sentry says: "The Duke and Duchess of Maretonia!"
Spike says: "That was it?"
Spike says: "Princess Celestia had you come all the way to the Crystal Empire just to do that?"
Spike says: "I mean, whoa, really regal and important!"
Duke of Maretonia says: "Your highness."
Duke of Maretonia says: "Thank you for understanding our desire to keep the number of those privy to these confidential discussions to a minimum."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Of course."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Is there anything else I can do to assist with their visit?"
Princess Cadance says: "I'm sorry, Twilight, but their visit is already over."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh."
Princess Luna says: "Something wrong?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I guess I just don't really understand why I'm here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Couldn't one of the royal guard have unfurled the banner?"
Princess Celestia says: "Having all four of us in the Empire to greet them lets the dignitaries know that their visit is considered an important one."
Princess Cadance says: "Plus, it gives me an opportunity to see my favorite sister-in-law."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And I'm happy to see you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "All of you."
Princess Cadance says: "But..."
Princess Cadance says: "?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "well, it's just that Princess Luna raises the moon, Princess Celestia raises the sun, you protect the Crystal Empire, and all I seem to do is..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "smile and wave."
Twilight Sparkle.
It isn't that I'm ungrateful.
For all the things that I've earned,.
For all the journeys I have taken,.
All the lessons that I have learned.
But I wonder where I'm going now,.
What my role is meant to be.
I don't know how to travel.
To a future that I can't see.
I have my wings, I wear this crown.
I'm a princess, this is true.
But it's still unclear to me.
Just what I am meant to do.
I wanna have a purpose.
Wanna do all that I can.
I wanna make a contribution.
I want to be a part of the plan.
Princess Celestia.
Your destiny's uncertain.
And that's sometimes hard to take.
But it will become much clearer.
With every new choice you make.
Princess Luna.
Patience is never easy.
I understand wanting more.
I know how hard it is to wait.
To spread out your wings and soar.
Princess Cadance.
But you stand here for a reason.
You're gifted and you are strong.
That crown is upon your head because.
You belong.
Princesses Celestia, Luna, and Cadance.
Know that your time is coming soon.
As the sun rises, so does the moon.
As love finds a place in every heart.
You are a princess; you'll play your part.
Princess Luna.
We understand you wanting more.
A chance to shine, a chance to soar.
Princess Cadance.
Soon will come the day it turns around.
Princesses Celestia, Luna, and Cadance.
Know that your time is coming soon.
As the sun rises, so does the moon.
As love finds a place in every heart.
You are a princess; you'll play your part.
Princess Celestia.
You are a princess; you'll play your part.
Princess Celestia says: "Your time will come."
Rare Find says: "Very sorry."
Rare Find says: "You came out of nowhere."
Lord Tirek says: ""Is he friend or is he foe?"
Lord Tirek says: "" the pony wonders."
Lord Tirek says: "I can assure you..."
Lord Tirek says: "I am no friend."
Lord Tirek says: "I am Lord Tirek, and I will take what should have been mine long ago."
Princess Luna says: "Sister, are you alright?!"
Princess Luna says: "!"
Princess Celestia says: "I've just had the most terrible dream."
Princess Luna says: "Why do you think I'm here?"
Princess Luna says: "You know as well as I that this was not a dream, but a vision."
Princess Celestia says: "Then we haven't much time."
Princess Celestia says: "The stronger he becomes, the more we are all in danger."
Princess Celestia says: "Tirek and his brother Scorpan came here from a distant land, intent on stealing Equestrian magic."
Princess Celestia says: "But Scorpan soon came to appreciate the ways of Equestria, even befriending a young unicorn wizard."
Princess Luna says: "Scorpan urged his brother to abandon their plans."
Princess Luna says: "When Tirek refused, Scorpan alerted us to Tirek's intentions."
Princess Celestia says: "Scorpan returned to his own land, and Tirek was sent to Tartarus for his crimes."
Princess Celestia says: "But it appears he has found a way to escape."
Princess Luna says: "We believe it happened when Cerberus left his post at the gates."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But that was a long time ago."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why is he just now starting to steal magic?"
Princess Celestia says: "His time in Tartarus left him very weak."
Princess Celestia says: "He has just now gained enough strength to use his dark powers."
Princess Luna says: "But with each passing moment, he grows stronger still."
Princess Cadance says: "And I know just the princess who can stop him."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes."
Princess Celestia says: "No, Twilight."
Princess Celestia says: "I'm afraid I must call in another to stop Tirek."
Princess Celestia says: "Discord."
Applejack says: "..."
Applejack says: "As in Discord Discord?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes!"
Fluttershy says: "I don't think it's that big of a surprise."
Fluttershy says: "He can be very helpful."
Twilight Sparkle says: "He can sense when there's a magical imbalance."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The next time Tirek steals magic, Discord will be able to track him down!"
Rainbow Dash says: "So what are you supposed to do in the meantime?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nothing."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Unless of course one of you needs me to smile and wave."
Spike says: "Where are you going?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "To the Castle of the Two Sisters."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm not really needed anywhere else."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Might as well catch up on some of my reading."
Rainbow Dash says: "You want some company?"
Applejack says: "It has been a while since we visited the castle."
Applejack says: "Might be fun!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe I could use a little company right now."
Rainbow Dash says: "I still can't believe we had to give back the Elements."
Rarity says: "It had to be done or the Tree of Harmony wouldn't have survived."
Fluttershy says: "But Twilight was right."
Fluttershy says: "Even without the Elements, our friendship is as strong as ever."
Applejack says: "I just hope another 'friend' of ours never makes us sorry we had to give them up."
Discord says: "Oh, you're talking about me, I presume?"
Applejack says: "How'd you guess?"
Discord says: "My ears were burning."
Rainbow Dash says: "What are you even doing here, Discord?"
Discord says: "Oh, just a bit of light reading before I head off on my extremely important mission."
Discord says: "I suppose you all know that I've been tasked to capture a certain escapee."
Spike says: "Big deal."
Discord says: "You're right, Spike."
Discord says: "It is a big deal."
Discord says: "Seems I possess a magic that gives me quite an important role in Equestria."
Discord says: "Maybe they should make me an Alicorn princess."
Discord says: "Mmwah!"
Discord says: "Mmwah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "In your dreams!"
Discord says: "Oh, I never dream of such things."
Discord says: "Ask Princess Luna."
Applejack says: "Don't you have a creepy magic-stealin' villain to track down?"
Discord says: "Yes, yes, yes, of course."
Discord says: "It's just that I couldn't help but notice that Twilight hasn't yet opened this little chest of hers."
Discord says: "I-I-It got me thinking, what if what's locked inside is something that could help her prove her royal worth?"
Discord says: "I only bring it up because she said that she's been feeling like her role as a princess doesn't equate to much."
Pinkie Pie says: "Wait a minute!"
Pinkie Pie says: "How do you know how she was feeling?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Discord says: "Oh, my."
Discord says: "Is eavesdropping not the way you're supposed to find out what your best pals are up to?"
Discord says: "Woe is me."
Discord says: "Will I ever learn the intricate nuances of being a good friend?"
Discord says: "Well in any case, I suppose now is as good a time as any for me to make my exit."
Applejack says: "And good riddance!"
Discord says: "Oopsie-doopsie, I almost left with the little journal you've all been keeping."
Discord says: "What a fascinating read."
Discord says: "Haven't you girls just learned so much?"
Discord says: "I've bookmarked a few of the more interesting passages."
Discord says: "You really should take a look!"
Discord says: "We're still on for tea later, aren't we, Fluttershy?"
Fluttershy says: "I wouldn't miss it."
Discord says: "Well, I'll bring the cucumber sandwiches..."
Discord says: "!"
Applejack says: "Sometimes I think the 'reformed' Discord is more obnoxious than the 'before-he-was-reformed' Discord."
Rarity says: "Indeed."
Fluttershy says: "But he could be right, couldn't he?"
Fluttershy says: "What if there is something important in that chest?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "There's only one way to find out."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Anything?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "There must be something in this library that can help me figure out how to open it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The answer's in one of these books."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just know it."
Discord says: "Tirek, I presume?"
Lord Tirek says: "Discord."
Lord Tirek says: "You're free?"
Discord says: "As a bird."
Lord Tirek says: "I commend you on your escape."
Discord says: "I'm afraid the feeling isn't mutual."
Lord Tirek says: "Oh, I should have known you would want to have Equestria all to yourself."
Discord says: "Oh, I'm not doing this for me."
Discord says: "I'm doing it for my friends."
Lord Tirek says: "Fluttershy?"
Lord Tirek says: "You're not saying you're friends with ponies?"
Discord says: "Surprise!"
Lord Tirek says: "I am surprised that someone with your intellect does not see this 'friendship' is but a new form of imprisonment."
Lord Tirek says: "Clearly you've had to abandon your true nature to stay in their good graces."
Discord says: "I have done nothing of the sort!"
Lord Tirek says: "Oh, please, I've seen this before."
Lord Tirek says: "But he was always weak minded."
Lord Tirek says: "You are Discord, you are legend, you cannot fall into the same trap that claimed my brother!"
Lord Tirek says: "Help me to grow strong, and be rewarded with something far greater than friendship."
Lord Tirek says: "Freedom."
Lord Tirek says: "Once I've stripped these ponies of their magic, nothing would give me greater pleasure than to see their world turned upside down."
Lord Tirek says: "Who better to do so than the master of chaos himself?"
Lord Tirek says: "Join me, Discord, and reclaim your greatness."
Lord Tirek says: "Unless, of course, 'pony errand boy' is the role you've always wanted to play in this world."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think I found something!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've been reading our journal, and there's something interesting about the sections that Discord bookmarked."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Applejack, do you remember when you had to tell everypony that the tonic Granny bought from the Flim Flam brothers didn't really work?"
Applejack says: "How could I forget?"
Applejack says: "It was one of the hardest things I ever had to do."
Applejack says: "I hate to disappoint everypony, but there's no way Granny could have made that dive, because this tonic is a fake!"
Applejack says: "And in that moment, I knew I had to be honest."
Applejack says: "I just knew it."
Applejack says: "But what's that got to do with openin' the chest?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've found that each of you has had to face a situation where living up to the Element of Harmony you represent wasn't easy."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy, it was when you realized that the way to show kindness to the Breezies was by forcing them to leave your home."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, the looks on their poor little faces!"
Fluttershy says: "But I knew that, as difficult as it was, pushing them away was the kindest thing I could do."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity, even after Suri took advantage of your generosity at Fashion Week in Manehattan, you didn't let it cause you to abandon your generous spirit."
Rarity says: "I simply couldn't have lived with myself if I didn't do something special for the friends who have always been so generous to me!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow Dash, you had the chance to fly with the Wonderbolts at the Equestria Games, but instead you chose to compete with your friends."
Rainbow Dash says: "Sure!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh, my turn, my turn!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie Pie, you realized that seeing your friend laugh was more important than proving you were a better party planner than Cheese Sandwich."
Rainbow Dash says: "Best party I've ever had."
Rarity says: "It's clear we've all had our moments to shine, Twilight, but I'm with Applejack."
Rarity says: "What does any of this have to do with the opening of the chest?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "All of you had tough choices to make."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But when you made the right one and embraced your element, it helped somepony else make the right choice too."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Each of you received something from the pony whose life you helped change."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know it sounds crazy, but maybe there's something special about those objects that could lead us to the location of the keys."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The chest is connected to the Tree of Harmony, the Tree is connected to the Elements, and the Elements are connected to all of us."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There must be a connection!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I hate to admit it, but maybe Discord was trying to be a good friend after all."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't see anything on them that would give us a clue as to where the keys might be."
Twilight Sparkle says: "They're just..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "ordinary, everyday objects."
Pinkie Pie says: "Come on, Boneless!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Give us that key!"
Boneless squeaking.
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't think that's going to work."
Boneless squeaking.
Twilight Sparkle says: "There's still one key missing."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The key that represents the element of magic."
Twilight Sparkle says: "My element."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, but I'm sure that if we've gotten our keys, you have too, Twilight."
Rarity says: "Think, Twilight."
Rarity says: "When have you completed a difficult magical task, and in doing so encouraged another pony to do the same?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I haven't."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If I had, I would have written about it in the journal."
Spike says: "Don't worry, Twilight."
Spike says: "I'm sure you'll get your key eventually."
Spike says: "What's it say?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That I'm needed in Canterlot at once!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I came as quickly as I could!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Is something wrong?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Is it Tirek?"
Princess Celestia says: "I'm afraid I put too much trust in Discord and the effect that friendship would have upon him."
Princess Luna says: "Discord has betrayed the ponies of Equestria and joined forces with Tirek."
Discord clapping.
Twilight Sparkle says: "How could he do this?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I thought our friendship meant something to him!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I thought he had changed."
Princess Celestia says: "Tirek has stolen enough magic that he now has the strength to steal flight as well."
Princess Celestia says: "Without Pegasi to control the weather, there will be no rain in Equestria."
Princess Celestia says: "There is word he has gone after Earth ponies as well."
Princess Celestia says: "Without their strength, they will not be able to tend the land."
Princess Luna says: "Ponies will no longer be in control of their world."
Princess Luna says: "That power will belong solely to Tirek."
Princess Celestia says: "There is no doubt that Tirek is after Alicorn magic."
Princess Celestia says: "With Discord by his side, we will not be able to stop him from taking it."
Princess Luna says: "Once it is in his possession, his power will know no bounds, and all hope will be lost."
Princess Celestia says: "But there is one solution."
Princess Celestia says: "It is only by making this sacrifice that Equestria and the lands beyond it might be saved."
Princess Celestia says: "We must rid ourselves of our magic before Tirek has the chance to steal it from us."
To be continued...