Twilight Sparkle says: "I've been planning this retreat for weeks, and we're already ten minutes behind!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Where is that photographer?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Photographer says: "..."
Photographer says: "No-no-no-no-no-no-no!"
Photographer says: "I'm so sorry!"
Photographer says: "Can you forgive me?"
Photographer says: "I don't expect you to forgive me..."
Photographer says: "Forgive me?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Of course."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'll help you set up your—"
Photographer says: "Princess Twilight, thanks so much for this!"
Photographer says: "The Canterlot Historical Society is thrilled to document the friendship work your teachers do!"
Photographer says: "Let me just pretty you all up!"
Photographer says: "Ooh!"
Photographer says: "Ooh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ow!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey!"
Photographer says: "Don't want a single hair out of place, do we?"
Photographer says: "This is for the history books!"
Photographer says: "Now..."
Photographer says: "Well, that's that!"
Photographer says: "Bye!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Waaaait!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You forgot Starlight!"
Pinkie Pie says: "She needs a picture, too!"
Photographer says: "'Kay."
Photographer says: "Now I'll get out of your manes."
Photographer says: "I know how busy you are."
Photographer says: "Now I have everything I need."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Yes, I know!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "We have been planning this for quite some time."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Oh, and this."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Why copies, Rarity?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Because Princess Twilight and her friends control the Elements of Harmony, the most powerful weapon in all Equestria."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Which means you - will - be - able - to - use - them - too!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "And serve me!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Together, we will destroy Twilight Sparkle and her meddlesome friends!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Of course I haven't forgotten Starlight Glimmer!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "She stole my hive."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Turned my subjects against me!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "So I'll take her friends away while she watches!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "And then, I'll destroy her!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "With the Elements under my control, I'll build a new hive of Earth ponies, unicorns, and Pegasi, and I will rule as Queen once again!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hmm."
Twilight Sparkle says: "At least our retreat isn't too far behind schedule."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Get ready for fun!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Are we talking fun fun, or learning pretending to be fun?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Both!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We've all been so busy teaching, we've hardly had a chance to hang out with each other."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And I may have scheduled some friendship activities as well!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Count me in!"
Pinkie Pie says: "We can do friendship trust falls and pony pyramids!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And hide and seek!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Quick!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Find me!"
Fluttershy says: "Well, I love the idea of some quiet time with my best friends."
Pinkie Pie says: "You found me!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Rarity, why is Applejack carrying all your stuff?"
Rarity says: "Oh, that's not mine."
Rarity says: "Yes, I used to overpack a tad, but now it's just the essentials for me."
Rarity says: "I'm a simple filly."
Applejack says: "Normally I wouldn't lug so much gear, but did y'all know this is Starlight's first time campin'?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I just never really felt the need to..."
Starlight Glimmer says: ""hang out" in nature."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Home has books, tea, fewer bugs, a roof..."
Applejack says: "That attitude right there is why I brought the whole kit and caboodle."
Applejack says: "I'm givin' Starlight the full Apple family campin' experience!"
Fluttershy says: "Um, where are we camping?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Right next to the Elements that brought us all together in the first place – the Tree of Harmony!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Listen to your queen!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "We must retrieve the Elements of Harmony!"
Mean Pinkie Pie says: "Hunting down some lame Elements?"
Mean Pinkie Pie says: "This is the worst day ever!"
Mean Fluttershy says: "No."
Mean Fluttershy says: "Now it's the worst day ever!"
Mean Rarity says: "Those Elements are mine!"
Mean Rarity says: "Along with this rock!"
Mean Rarity says: "Oh, and that twig!"
Mean Applejack says: "I got all kinds o' Elements right here under my hat."
Mean Applejack says: "I'll let you see 'em for five bits."
Mean Rainbow Dash says: "Losers."
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "Why didn't you just attack them?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Excuse me?"
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "You were close enough to pull hairs from their manes."
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "Why not just take your revenge then?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "They've defeated my army."
Queen Chrysalis says: "I know better than to strike alone."
Queen Chrysalis says: "I need—"
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "Friends?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Servants!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "And the power of the Elements!"
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "Right."
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "So where are these Elements of Harmony?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "The location of the most powerful weapon in Equestria isn't something made known to just anypony."
Queen Chrysalis says: "I learned they were hidden somewhere in this forest."
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "Yeah, well, it is a big forest."
Pinkie Pie says: "Everypony, stop!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And smell these roses!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ahhh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, yeah!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Roses."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fun."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now, let’s try and stay on schedule."
Rarity says: "Applejack, darling, anything in that wagon for mane maintenance?"
Applejack says: "Uh, let's see here."
Applejack says: "Uh..."
Applejack says: "all right."
Applejack says: "I got a bandana!"
Rarity says: "Ugh, an entire wagon and no anti-frizz?"
Rarity says: "Darling, you're not even prepared."
Applejack says: "I am!"
Applejack says: "For campin'?"
Applejack says: "How ya doin', Starlight?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Whoa!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Ugh."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Great."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, no!"
Fluttershy says: "You and your sister fell out of your nest and got separated?"
Fluttershy says: "That's terrible!"
Fluttershy says: "Here."
Fluttershy says: "I'm sure your home isn't too far away."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "If we keep stopping to have fun, we're never gonna get to the fun things I've got planned!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Good point!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Last one to the Tree of Harmony is a parasprite!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whoo-hoo!"
Mean Pinkie Pie says: "I'm sooooo bored."
Mean Pinkie Pie says: "Are we there yet?"
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "Where yet?"
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "We don't even know where we're going!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "The quicker we search the forest, the quicker we find the Elements."
Mean Applejack says: "I know where the Elements are."
Mean Applejack says: "This, uh, here boulder just told me."
Mean Applejack says: "I swear."
Mean Fluttershy says: "You tried to fly out of the nest, but you fell and got lost?"
Mean Rainbow Dash says: "Come get me when I should care."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Where..."
Queen Chrysalis says: "are..."
Queen Chrysalis says: "the others?!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "!"
Mean Applejack says: "Uh..."
Mean Applejack says: "A, uh, a bugbear in..."
Mean Applejack says: "plaid socks flew down and, uh, g-grabbed them!"
Mean Applejack says: "Then disappeared!"
Mean Applejack says: "Huh."
Mean Applejack says: "Craziest thing I ever did see!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Turn around."
Queen Chrysalis says: "We're going back."
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "No."
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "Keep searching."
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "I'll find the others."
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "We can accomplish more if we split our resources."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Very well."
Queen Chrysalis says: "You have my permission."
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: ""Permission"?"
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "You need us way more than we need you, your Majesty!"
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "The others are fools."
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "But with me to lead them, there's no reason we can't find the Elements and keep the power for ourselves!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You're it!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hey, how'd you get ahead of me?"
Pinkie Pie says: "You're fast."
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "Ugh!"
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm looking for Fluttershy and Rainbow Dash."
Pinkie Pie says: "Aren't they back there?"
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "They are?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Sure!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Unless they're already at the Tree of Harmony."
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "What is the Tree of Harmony?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh-ho-ho."
Pinkie Pie says: "This is one of your "activities", right?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Like a friendship quiz?"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's the crystal tree that holds the Elements of Harmony."
Pinkie Pie says: "Boom!"
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "Where is it?"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's at the bottom of the stairs in the ravine by the Castle of the Two Sisters."
Pinkie Pie says: "Double boom!"
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "How do you know?"
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "You've seen it?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Mm-hmm."
Pinkie Pie says: "Honestly, Twilight, these questions are super easy."
Fluttershy says: "Right where you belong."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, dear."
Fluttershy says: "This isn't where I belong."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, Rainbow Dash!"
Fluttershy says: "I'm so glad you're here."
Fluttershy says: "I was lost."
Mean Rainbow Dash says: "Bummer."
Mean Rainbow Dash says: "Later."
Fluttershy says: "What just happened?"
Applejack says: "Fluttershy!"
Rarity says: "Fluttershy!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Fluttershy!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Fluttershy!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, fantastic."
Twilight Sparkle says: "First Pinkie races ahead of us, and now Fluttershy's lost somewhere behind us."
Twilight Sparkle says: "My retreat is off to a great start!"
Rarity says: "It's not like Fluttershy to disappear like this."
Applejack says: "We'll split up and search for her."
Applejack says: "We can all meet back at the Tree."
Applejack says: "Starlight, take the navigation gear and—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'll find Pinkie Pie."
Mean Pinkie Pie says: "Bored."
Mean Pinkie Pie says: "Bored."
Mean Pinkie Pie says: "Bored."
Queen Chrysalis says: "This is ridiculous!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Where are my other minions?!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "!"
Mean Rarity says: "Probably plotting to steal my things!"
Mean Applejack says: "They're at a secret party up in that there tree."
Mean Applejack says: "Run by a..."
Mean Applejack says: "squirrel named, uh, Jerome."
Mean Applejack says: "But, uh, y-you need a password to get in."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Enough!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "You will go out there and find the others, you will bring them back here, and we will steal the Elements of Harmony so I can destroy Starlight's life like she destroyed mine!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Understand?"
Mean Rarity says: "Uh-huh!"
Mean Applejack says: "Uh-huh!"
Mean Pinkie Pie says: "Uh-huh!"
Mean Applejack says: "The party password is "rutabaga"."
Mean Fluttershy says: "Oh."
Mean Fluttershy says: "Nopony asked you."
Mean Fluttershy says: "I hope you all freeze this winter!"
Fluttershy says: "Hello again, little friend."
Fluttershy says: "I think I may be walking in circles."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, my!"
Fluttershy says: "Where did you learn that kind of language?"
Fluttershy says: "Um, excuse me?"
Mean Rarity says: "Finally, you found her!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Me?"
Rainbow Dash says: "We're looking for Fluttershy!"
Applejack says: "Where's Starlight?"
Mean Rarity says: "Well, if I knew that—"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey!"
Mean Rarity says: "This is mine!"
Mean Rarity says: "And this as well!"
Mean Rarity says: "Oh, and this is absolutely mine!"
Applejack says: "Rarity, what in the hay are you gonna do with a fishin' rod?"
Mean Rarity says: "I don't know."
Mean Rarity says: "But I wants it!"
Rarity says: "Starlight, darling, you're a gloriously bad camper."
Rarity says: "And coming from me, that is saying a lot."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I know."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Want to break it to Applejack for me?"
Mean Applejack says: "Who's breakin' what now?"
Mean Applejack says: "Who are you?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Very funny, Applejack."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Still me under all this gear."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Starlight."
Mean Applejack says: "Starlight?"
Mean Applejack says: "How 'bout that?"
Mean Applejack says: "Y'all better come with me."
Mean Applejack says: "It's, uh, dangerous out here."
Rarity says: "Applejack, darling, are you all right?"
Rarity says: "You look a little peaky."
Rarity says: "And where's your wagon?"
Mean Applejack says: "Uh..."
Mean Applejack says: "stolen!"
Mean Applejack says: "Uh, I barely got away!"
Mean Applejack says: "Follow me, and I'll tell ya all about it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "There you are!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What are you doing?"
Mean Pinkie Pie says: "You call that a pop?!"
Mean Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Mean Pinkie Pie says: "Ugh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I thought you were racing to the retreat."
Mean Pinkie Pie says: "Please."
Mean Pinkie Pie says: "Why would I waste my time on a boring, lame, no-fun retreat?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow Dash!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think something's wrong with Pinkie!"
Mean Rainbow Dash says: "Not my problem."
Pinkie Pie says: "And then we all grew super-long manes with all kinds of colors, and your castle grew out of the ground, and everypony was like, "Whoa!"
Pinkie Pie says: "" And then we sang this song about rainbows, and—"
Pinkie Pie says: "Fluttershy!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What's wrong?"
Fluttershy says: "Everycreature is mad at me!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That can't be right!"
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "Can we hurry this up?"
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "We're on a schedule here!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Twilight, your schedule can wait!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Fluttershy's upset."
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, tell her to get over it!"
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "I'll go get the others."
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "Stay here!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, great."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You upset Fluttershy, too?"
Pinkie Pie says: "You know what, Twilight?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Maybe if you weren't so worried about schedules, you'd realize you're the one ruining the retreat for your friends!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, if my friends don't care about the retreat I planned for them..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "maybe they should've stayed home!"
Fluttershy says: "Can't we all just get along?!"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "Keep it together."
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "You can do this."
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "You need those imbeciles if your plan is gonna come together."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Your plan?"
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh, the plan."
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm just trying to do your bidding, your Majesty."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Grub-sitting you six is nothing like controlling my hive!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Give me one good reason why I shouldn't just destroy you all and start over!"
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "Because I know where the Elements of Harmony are."
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "You need me."
Mean Rarity says: "Mine."
Mean Rarity says: "Mine!"
Mean Rarity says: "All mine!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm guessing some kind of curse?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Maybe poison joke?"
Applejack says: "Well, somethin' sure ain't right."
Mean Rarity says: "What are you plotting back there?"
Mean Rarity says: "I can hear you, you know!"
Mean Rarity says: "Don't think you're going to steal my things!"
Applejack says: "Hang on."
Applejack says: "I got a shovel we can use to whack those vines out of the way."
Mean Rarity says: "I knew it!"
Mean Rarity says: "I knew you wanted it all for yourselves!"
Mean Rarity says: "You can't have it!"
Mean Rarity says: "It's mine, you hear me?!"
Mean Rarity says: "!"
Mean Rarity says: "All mi-hi-hi-hi-hi-hi-hine!"
Mean Applejack says: "..."
Mean Applejack says: "So there I was."
Mean Applejack says: "Just me and, uh, a bucket of honey."
Mean Applejack says: "Yeah, yeah, that's the ticket."
Mean Applejack says: "Uh, b-but I-I survived all by myself in this here forest for, uh, a hundred and..."
Mean Applejack says: "twenty-seven hours!"
Rarity says: "Really?"
Rarity says: "I can't believe you've never told us that story before."
Starlight Glimmer says: "She's making a point."
Starlight Glimmer says: "We get it."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You're the greatest camper in the history of Equestria."
Mean Applejack says: "Well, I sure don't need any o' that silly stuff you're luggin' around."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Uh, the things you gave me are silly?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Glad I was so entertaining for you!"
Rarity says: "I'm going to make sure that she doesn't break a hoof out there, and then you and I are going to have a serious talk!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Finally!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "There."
Queen Chrysalis says: "That's all of you."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Nopony leaves without my say-so."
Mean Applejack says: "Now, wait a second."
Mean Applejack says: "Weren't you just—"
Mean Applejack says: "?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "The time for my revenge on Starlight Glimmer has come!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Let's see if you're telling the truth about this Tree."
Rarity says: "Starlight!"
Rarity says: "Oh!"
Rarity says: "Please stop running!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Ugh!"
Rarity says: "Whoa!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Whoa!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Of course I care about Fluttershy!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Then you've got a super weird way of showing it!"
Rarity says: "W-What in Equestria's going on here?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Twilight is so into her retreat that she doesn't even care if her friends are upset!"
Pinkie Pie says: "She just wants us to "stay on schedule"!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, I'm sorry, Pinkie!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "If I knew you thought this was a "boring, lame, no-fun retreat", I wouldn't have invited you in the first place!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I never said that!"
Applejack says: "Sorry, y'all."
Applejack says: "We would've been here sooner, but we had to take the long way after Rarity ran off with all my stuff."
Rarity says: "Wha—"
Rarity says: "?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "I most certainly did not!"
Applejack says: "What?!"
Applejack says: "!"
Applejack says: "You know I ain't no liar!"
Applejack says: "Where's all your gear?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Why?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "So you can laugh at me some more?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey, hey, we're all friends here!"
Fluttershy says: "Friends?!"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "You left me alone in the woods!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everypony, quiet!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Listen."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We know each other really well—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "the great stuff and how to get on each other's nerves, too."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I wanted a fun trip with my friends."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But instead, I got carried away with plans and ruined everything."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If you want to forget it all and head home, I won't be offended."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just want us to stop fighting."
Applejack says: "Hey, sorry if I got carried away with all that campin' stuff."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm sorry, too."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I should've just told you I'll never like camping."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Also, I'll never like camping."
Rarity says: "Well, if we're all being honest, I can't survive with just this tiny yet fashionable little saddlebag!"
Rarity says: "I miss my things!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm sorry that you thought that I thought your plan was lame."
Pinkie Pie says: "Your plans are the most un-lamest!"
Rainbow Dash says: "And I always have fun when we're all together."
Rainbow Dash says: "Even if it's learning pretending to be fun."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "does that mean you still want to have the retreat?"
All except Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes!"
Fluttershy says: "Yes!"
Fluttershy says: "If everypony likes me again."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Let's get to that Tree."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I have the whole campsite set up and ready."
Mean Pinkie Pie says: "What's this garbage?"
Mean Applejack says: "Badger installation art!"
Mean Applejack says: "Ya see—"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Just!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Retrieve!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "The Elements!"
Mean Rarity says: "Mine!"
Mean Rarity says: "Mine!"
Mean Rarity says: "Mine!"
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "Once we get the power of the Elements, no creature – not even her Majesty – can tell us what to do."
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "Just follow my lead."
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "Got it?"
Mean Rarity says: "Ooh!"
Mean Rarity says: "That one's mine!"
Mean Fluttershy says: "Oops."
Mean Fluttershy says: "I'd say sorry, but I'm not!"
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "Stop it, fools!"
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "We need the Elements to take out Chrysalis!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "How dare you!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "I created you!"
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "Imbeciles!"
Mean Twilight Sparkle says: "You ruined everythiiiiiiiing!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Servants always fail you in the end!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Just wait, Starlight."
Queen Chrysalis says: "I will have my revenge!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you kidding me?"
Pinkie Pie says: "This was..."
Pinkie Pie says: "the worst..."
Pinkie Pie says: "day..."
Pinkie Pie says: "ever!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Come on, everypony."
Starlight Glimmer says: "We can fix this campsite in no time."
Applejack says: "Spoken like a true camper."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Eh, don't push it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You know, if we can survive a day like this, I think our friendship is strong enough to handle anything the world can throw at us."