Twilight Sparkle says: "First lesson of the day, we very carefully set the table without using magic, so that—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yikes!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Did you..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "How?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "When?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I said no magic."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You were supposed to do it by hoof so I could work in a friendship lesson."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, I heard "set the table" and just kinda went for it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, if you hadn't used magic, you'd have heard me say, uh..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "this plate represents your head, this spoon is your heart, and the knives..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "are sharp!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Always be careful with knives."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The metaphors make more sense when you're actually setting the table."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Should I..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "change it back?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just want to make sure you're ready for this dinner."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess Celestia will be joining us tomorrow night to see how the friendship lessons are going!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "If it's just you, me, and Princess Celestia, why are there four seats?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, the whole point is for you to bring a new friend."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That way, the princess will see for herself just how far you've come."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And how good a teacher you have."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, I can't choose."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I like all your friends."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's the best part!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You have to make a new friend!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "New friends?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Hey, maybe I'll just force friendships by magically enslaving the entire population of Ponyville!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Starlight!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Kidding!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Let's see."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Make new friends in Ponyville, the friendliest place in Equestria."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Shouldn't be hard..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Need to make a new friend, huh?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I know just the pony for you!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Miss Starlight Glimmer, meet Mrs."
Pinkie Pie says: "Cake!"
Mrs. Cake says: "How are you, dearie?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Are you baking?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Can I help?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Wow, Mrs."
Pinkie Pie says: "Cake!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Look what your new friend made you!"
Mrs. Cake says: "Howza-wowza!"
Mrs. Cake says: "A-Are you trying to put me out of business with your fancy magical-thingy-whatsit cake?!"
Mrs. Cake says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Sorry..."
Applejack says: "I think I have just the pony for you, Starlight."
Applejack says: "Meet Big Mac!"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup!"
Applejack says: "He's not much of a talker."
Big McIntosh says: "Nnope."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, that's too bad."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I love a good conversation."
Big McIntosh says: "Make it stop!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I can't be friends with somepony who doesn't talk."
Starlight Glimmer says: "..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "And I guess my first instinct shouldn't be to magically command ponies to act the way I want them to?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Alright, I'll change him back!"
Rarity says: "The trick to finding a new friend is to render yourself radiant."
Rarity says: "First impressions count a great deal, you know."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm glad you all got past my first impression."
Rarity says: "Well, everypony deserves a second chance."
Rarity says: "Ooh!"
Rarity says: "Now, I have a top-notch idea."
Rarity says: "I'm thinking pastel silk here and here with a crinoline underneath."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You really think a new outfit will help me meet ponies?"
Rarity says: "Oh, with the right outfit, you can do anything, darling!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "When will it be ready?"
Rarity says: "Three weeks."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Dinner's tomorrow."
Rarity says: "Well then, how about a hat from the..."
Rarity says: "..."
Rarity says: "clearance bin?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Ugh!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Maybe not."
Rainbow Dash says: "Heh."
Rainbow Dash says: "Nopony's gonna make friends with you because of your outfit."
Rainbow Dash says: "The only thing you want a new friend draped in is coolness."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Like you?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, but you already know me, so..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Spitfire!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Heh."
Rainbow Dash says: "Sorry."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Who's that?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Only the Wonderbolt-iest pony in the Wonderbolts!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Come on, I'll introduce you!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You coming or what?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I guess my first question would be, "What's a Wonderbolt?"
Rainbow Dash says: "You've never heard of the Wonderbolts?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Where have you been?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Enslaving villages, I guess..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Right."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You're adorable, but probably not what Twilight had in mind."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Okay, calm down."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Nobody makes friends with a total stresscase."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Stop stressing..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Stop stressing!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "This is just what I needed."
Trixie says: "Tell me about it."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You ever have one of those days?"
Trixie says: "For me, they're all one of those days."
Trixie says: "I'm gonna start coming here every time I visit Ponyville."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm not from here either."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I've been trying to make friends, but it's not easy."
Starlight Glimmer says: "They're not saying it, but I think everypony knows about my past."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I may have been a tiny bit..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "completely and utterly evil?"
Trixie says: "Ponies judge me on my past too."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Finally, a pony I can relate to."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Soup spoon, salad fork, pasta spoon, strawberry pick."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm beginning to think that after friendship, the greatest magic of all is proper silverware placement!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Twilight, guess what?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I made a new friend!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's fantastic news!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "She's great!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Great!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "She's powerful!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Powerful?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "She's—"
Trixie says: "Hello..."
Trixie says: "princess!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Trixie?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You know each other?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You could say that."
Trixie says: "We've had our differences."
Trixie says: "What matters is Twilight gave me a second chance, and I appreciate it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So, um, what brings you to Ponyville?"
Trixie says: "The Grrrreat and Powerful Trrrrixie has come to perform a new stage show of grand illusion!"
Trixie says: "I am calling it "The Humble and Penitent Trixie's Equestrian Apology Tour"!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "That's kind of a mouthful."
Trixie says: "It's a working title."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Starlight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "A moment?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Over here?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know I said make friends with anypony, but, well, with Trixie's past, and your past, I'm not sure she's the best..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "first friend."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But whatever she did, you've forgiven her, right?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Of course."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's just..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "She wasn't the nicest pony."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, you did say anypony, and I just assumed that you'd trust me to make my own friends the way Princess Celestia trusted you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I trust you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just be back in time for the dinner."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Thanks, Twilight!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You won't regret it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I hope not."
Trixie says: "This magic show's gonna be the greatest thing Ponyville's ever seen!"
Cherry Berry says: "..."
Goldengrape says: "..."
Cherry Berry says: "did you see..."
Goldengrape says: "did you see..."
Cherry Berry says: "?"
Goldengrape says: "?"
Caramel says: "..."
Shoeshine says: "..."
Sunshower Raindrops says: "..."
Caramel says: "did you hear..."
Shoeshine says: "did you hear..."
Sunshower Raindrops says: "did you hear..."
Caramel says: "?"
Shoeshine says: "?"
Sunshower Raindrops says: "?"
Trixie says: "Everypony always says they'll give you a second chance, but deep down, they never forget."
Starlight Glimmer says: "That's what I'm worried about."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What is it?"
Trixie says: "I heard what Twilight said about me, and she's right."
Trixie says: "I wasn't very nice."
Trixie says: "So I'd understand if you didn't want to be friends."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Are you kidding?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You're the first pony I've met who has any idea how I feel!"
Trixie says: "Can you keep a secret?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What are friends for?"
Trixie says: "The things I've done?"
Trixie says: "I did them because I was jealous of Twilight."
Trixie says: "She's just the best at everything, and I wanted to beat her at something!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Your secret's safe with me."
Trixie says: "Thanks."
Trixie says: "Want to help me unpack my wagon?"
Trixie says: "I spend a lot of time on the road with my wagon, so it might be a tad messy."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Maybe I can help."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm pretty good at organizing stuff."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Magic props, brainwashed crowds..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pssssssst!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pssst!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Psssssst!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Shhhhhh!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Uh, I'll catch up."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I think there's something in my hoof."
Trixie says: "Sure."
Trixie says: "The wagon's right around the corner."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So, how's it going with your new friend?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Great."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Thanks for asking in a completely not creepy way."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Because you know, if it isn't working out for any reason, I could introduce you to my friend here."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Nice to meet you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No, no!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You can come out now!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You like music, right?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "DJ Pon-3'd be the perfect friend for tonight's incredibly important dinner with Celestia."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You know, if you decide to make a last-minute change."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Heh."
Starlight Glimmer says: "So back at your castle when you said "I trust you", you meant "I don't trust you"."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Can you?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Starlight, I'm just trying to look out for you."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I appreciate it, but you're wrong about Trixie."
Starlight Glimmer says: "She's just like me."
Starlight Glimmer says: "We have a real connection."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's kind of what I'm afraid of."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What about her?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Please, Twilight!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I know you're trying to help, but I need to make friends on my own if I'm going to become a better pony."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But do you really think Trixie's the one to help you with that?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Wow."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Trixie was right."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You're not really giving her a second chance."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I wonder what that says about how you feel about me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now he'd be perfect!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I was thinking."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You said Twilight is better than you at everything, but that's not true."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You're better at magic."
Trixie says: "Only when I'm wearing a soul-sucking evil amulet, so I don't think that counts."
Trixie says: "Funny story."
Trixie says: "Don't need to get into it."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I meant stage magic."
Trixie says: "Well, of course!"
Trixie says: "Great?"
Trixie says: "Yes."
Trixie says: "Powerful?"
Trixie says: "Obviously."
Trixie says: "But I'm not the best."
Trixie says: "As great and powerful as I am, there's one trick I've never been able to do – the Moonshot Manticore Mouth Dive!"
Trixie says: "Only one magician has ever pulled it off – my hero, Hoofdini!"
Trixie says: "You are supposed to blast yourself into the open mouth of a hungry manticore!"
Trixie says: "After the manticore chews you up and swallows you, you magically step out of a box on the other side of the stage!"
Trixie says: "Completely unharmed!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "That sounds very..."
Trixie says: "Dangerous?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I was gonna say cool!"
Trixie says: "I knew I liked you for a reason."
Trixie says: "I don't know how he did it!"
Trixie says: "If I tried it, I'd get chewed up and swallowed by that manticore."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Not if you could use real magic."
Trixie says: "Obviously."
Trixie says: "Way to rub it in."
Starlight Glimmer says: "No, I mean, I could help!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You could start the trick, and right before you got chewed up, I could use magic to save you..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "and make you appear in the black box!"
Trixie says: "I guess that would work..."
Trixie says: "But if you made one mistake, I'd be a goner."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Hah."
Starlight Glimmer says: "When it comes to magic, I don't make mistakes."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Maybe I could be your..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "magic show helper pony!"
Trixie says: "We call it "assistant" in the magician biz."
Trixie says: "And..."
Trixie says: "nopony's ever offered to help before."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, I'd be honored."
Trixie says: "You may have just made my great and powerful magic show even better!"
Trixie says: "Which I didn't think was possible!"
Trixie says: "We're gonna blow them away tonight!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I can't!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Tonight's this incredibly important dinner with Twilight."
Trixie says: "Oh."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Can I vent for a minute?"
Trixie says: "What are friends for?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Even after Twilight says she trusts me, she clearly doesn't trust me enough to choose my own friends."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I guess you were right."
Starlight Glimmer says: "No second chances."
Trixie says: "Hmph, I wish I could say I was surprised."
Trixie says: "Well, lucky for Princess Twilight, I have my magic show tonight."
Trixie says: "If you have to go to the dinner, I completely understand."
Trixie says: "I just hope I find a way to survive the Moonshot Manticore Mouth Dive without my new assistant!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Starlight Glimmer should be here, heh, any minute, heh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Any minute now..."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Starlight Glimmer?"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "I thought you said "nosehair trimmers"!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "What's going on?"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "I'm hungry!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "And my nose is too hairy."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Starlight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Has anyone seen Starlight Glimmer?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm looking for her!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Trixie."
Pinkie Pie says: "So this is the Humble and Penitent Trixie's Equestrian Apology Tour?"
Applejack says: "Ain't that a mouthful of molasses."
Trixie says: "It's a working title!"
Trixie says: "Oh, this is gonna be the greatest night of my life!"
Trixie says: "Excuse me."
Trixie says: "Our lives."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm so glad we're not at that boring dinner."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ahem?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You just decided to skip our dinner without telling me?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you aware that, at this very moment, Princess Celestia is waiting for you at a table with exquisite silverware placement?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Yes, but—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is exactly why I didn't want you to make friends with Trixie."
Trixie says: "A-ha!"
Trixie says: "You still don't trust me!"
Trixie says: "But guess what, princess?"
Trixie says: "It doesn't matter if you want to give me a second chance or not."
Trixie says: "Starlight had to choose between you and me, and she chose me!"
Trixie says: "Your pupil chose me, so ha!"
Trixie says: "I win!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You win?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "That sounds like you just made friends with me to beat Twilight."
Trixie says: "Exactly!"
Trixie says: "Saying that didn't help, did it?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I should've known."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Nopony else in Ponyville wanted to be my friend."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Why would you?"
Trixie says: "Wait, it's not like that!"
Trixie says: "I am your friend."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, you won."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I hope you're happy!"
Trixie says: "Looks like the Great and Powerful Trixie is back to a solo show."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Trixie?"
Trixie says: "..."
Trixie says: "Which is exactly the way she likes it!"
Trixie says: "Thank you, Princess Twilight, for getting rid of that annoying pony who wanted to be my first friend!"
Trixie says: "I am not sad at all!"
Trixie says: "I definitely don't feel as if my heart is breaking into a million pieces!"
Trixie says: "Come one, come all."
Trixie says: "Come and see the Pathetic and Friendless Trixie's "Way-To-Go-Dum-Dum-You-Really-Messed-It-Up-This-Time Repentance Tour"."
Trixie says: "It's a working title!"
Trixie says: "Behold, your fears come true."
Trixie says: "A pony-eating manticore."
Trixie says: "For tonight, the Great and Powerful Trixie will be performing the Moonshot Manticore Mouth Dive."
Trixie says: "I was supposed to perform this trick with my great and powerful assistant, who was also my great and powerful friend!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Starlight, when I first came to Ponyville, Princess Celestia gave me room to make my own decisions and my own friends."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I need to give you the same freedom."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I shouldn't have tried to pick and choose your friends for you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just like me, you have to make your own decisions and your own friends."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "what if Trixie really was using me just to one-up you?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "From what I've seen, she's the real thing."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But it's not my place to judge."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's all up to you."
Trixie says: "Starlight?"
Trixie says: "If you're out there and you still want to be friends, let's be great and powerful together!"
Trixie says: "Please?"
Trixie says: "Behold, the Peat and Growerful Triskie..."
Trixie says: "!"
Trixie says: "Starlight Glimmer!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Trixie!"
Trixie says: "What do you want?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I was wrong."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sorry."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And I have to hand it to you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I could never have pulled off a trick like that."
Trixie says: "Thank you, princess."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "How do you get your hair to do that all the time?"