Scootaloo says: "Princess Twilight!"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "We're glowing!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's what happens when you're summoned by the Map."
Sweetie Belle says: "Somepony needs our help?"
Apple Bloom says: "We're being called by the Map?"
Scootaloo says: "Did I mention we're glowing?!"
Scootaloo says: "!"
Scootaloo says: "So where exactly in Equestria are we needed?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Actually, where you're going isn't even in Equestria."
Sweetie Belle says: "Wow!"
Sweetie Belle says: "That's almost..."
Sweetie Belle says: "off the table!"
Apple Bloom says: "But what's way out there?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Mount Aris, the home of the Hippogriffs!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And that's where you're headed!"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "Whoa..."
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "!"
Sweetie Belle says: "You really don't need to come with us, Twilight."
Sweetie Belle says: "We can take care of this mission just fine on our own."
Apple Bloom says: "Mm-hmm."
Scootaloo says: "Yeah!"
Scootaloo says: "Oof!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Ugh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I'm not so sure the ponies who care about you want you going off so far on your own."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Besides, there's some school business I need to take care of on Mount Aris."
Twilight Sparkle says: "This permission slip is for Silverstream."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's very important that her mother and father sign it, or else no field trips."
Scootaloo says: "Sounds like somepony just wants a vacation."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, yes, I have been wanting to visit Mount Aris ever since the Hippogriffs moved back."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But it's purely research."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Silverstream's brother is gonna meet us there and take us to their houses."
Apple Bloom says: "Wow!"
Apple Bloom says: "They have more than one house?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I guess so."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The social structure of the Hippogriffs and seaponies is a bit of a mystery."
"All Aboard" says: "All aboard!"
"All Aboard" says: "Last stop – the new Mount Aris Station!"
Sweetie Belle says: "I don't know if I'd like being a Hippogriff."
Sweetie Belle says: "Part bird, part pony..."
Scootaloo says: "I'm happy with just my pony parts, thanks."
Apple Bloom says: "I think Hippogriffs are pretty neat."
Apple Bloom says: "I learned all about them from Applejack."
Apple Bloom says: "The Hippogriffs all once lived happily on Mount Aris."
Apple Bloom says: "But when the Storm King invaded, they used a magic pearl to turn into seaponies and escape to the underwater safety of Seaquestria."
Apple Bloom says: "Then, in the Battle of Canterlot, when Applejack defeated the Storm King—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wait, what?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "She told you she defeated him?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "By herself?"
Apple Bloom says: "Uh, maybe she didn't say that exactly."
Apple Bloom says: "But it makes for a better story."
"All Aboard" says: "Final stop – Mount Aris Station!"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "Whoa!"
Sweetie Belle says: "All right."
Sweetie Belle says: "So what kind of cutie mark-related friendship problem do you think we're supposed to solve."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But Hippogriffs don't have cutie marks."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So it might not have anything to do with that at all."
Apple Bloom says: "Huh."
Apple Bloom says: "Still, the Map called us, so it must be a kind of problem that only we can solve."
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "Go, Crusaders!"
Sweetie Belle says: "But how do we know exactly who we're supposed to help?"
Scootaloo says: "Ahem."
Scootaloo says: "Attention, please!"
Scootaloo says: "Anygriff here have a problem?"
Scootaloo says: "Eh."
Scootaloo says: "That's all I got."
Apple Bloom says: "Maybe if the Map could be a little more specific about our mission, like maybe..."
Apple Bloom says: "an address?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Map doesn't really work like that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I'm sure you and whoever needs help will find each other."
Terramar says: "Excuse me!"
Terramar says: "Miss Sparkle?"
Terramar says: "Over here!"
Terramar says: "Sorry I'm late."
Terramar says: "I'm Silverstream's brother Terramar."
Apple Bloom says: "A Hippogriff can have a seapony for a brother?"
Apple Bloom says: "How does that work exactly?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Shhh!"
Sweetie Belle says: "It's rude to ask a question like that!"
Scootaloo says: "Whoa!"
Apple Bloom says: "Can I ask now?"
Terramar says: "It is kind of strange."
Terramar says: "See, after the Storm King was defeated, the seaponies didn't have to hide anymore."
Terramar says: "So some of them changed back to Hippogriffs and went home to Mount Aris."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But others got used to living under the water and stayed in Seaquestria."
Terramar says: "And me?"
Terramar says: "Well, I kind of go back and forth with this."
Terramar says: "It's a tiny piece of the magic pearl."
Terramar says: "It was split up among our kingdoms."
Apple Bloom says: "Whoa!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Cool!"
Scootaloo says: "Cool!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, I'm pretty eager to see the Hippogriff village."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You know, to..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "get this form signed."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "research!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "So..."
Apple Bloom says: "Hey, Terramar?"
Apple Bloom says: "Does anygriff you know up there have a problem they need help with?"
Terramar says: "It's a great place to live."
Hippogriffs laughing.
Twilight Sparkle says: "Whoa!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This looks amazing!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Last time I was here, it was a ghost town!"
Terramar says: "Yeah."
Terramar says: "Queen Novo thought it was important to return our village to its former glory."
Sky Beak says: "And now, I officially open the "Glad to Be a Hippogriff" Festival!"
Hippogriffs cheering.
Hippogriffs cheering.
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ahh!"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "Ahh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Whoa!"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "Whoa!"
Hippogriffs continue cheering.
Scootaloo says: "Wow!"
Scootaloo says: "We picked a good day to show up!"
Terramar says: "Not really."
Terramar says: "We do this every weekend."
Terramar says: "Hippogriffs really like being Hippogriffs."
Hippogriffs cheering.
Sky Beak says: "There's my boy!"
Terramar says: "Hi, Dad!"
Sky Beak says: "Haven't seen you in days, son."
Sky Beak says: "Wish you'd come around more often."
Terramar says: "Oh!"
Terramar says: "Dad, these are some of Silverstream's friends from Equestria."
Terramar says: "They came up to—"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "Aah!"
Sky Beak says: "Attention, everygriff!"
Sky Beak says: "Princess Twilight Sparkle is here!"
Sky Beak says: "She's Silverstream's teacher!"
Hippogriffs gaspinng and exclaiming.
Sky Beak says: "Here to take in the marvel that is Mount Aris, your Highness?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Absolutely!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And to have you sign a form for Silverstream."
Sky Beak says: "Glad to!"
Sky Beak says: "But first, let's show the princess some real Mount Aris hospitality!"
Sky Beak says: "To the refreshment tent for a stein of salmon juice!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Eh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Research."
Twilight Sparkle says: "See you later!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And good luck!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know you'll find your mission!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Well, your dad's certainly..."
Sweetie Belle says: "outgoing, isn't he?"
Terramar says: "He's a great guy."
Terramar says: "All my relatives are nice."
Terramar says: "That's kind of the problem—"
Sweetie Belle says: "Wait, stop."
Sweetie Belle says: "What's that wonderful sound?"
Terramar says: "Those are the Harmonizing Heights."
Terramar says: "Legend says that—"
Sweetie Belle says: "Woo-hoo!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Yeah!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Awesome!"
Sweetie Belle says: "I love this!"
Terramar says: "Uh, is she okay?"
Sweetie Belle says: "This is absolutely the best place ever!"
Sweetie Belle says: "You are so lucky!"
Scootaloo says: "And you get to swim in the ocean!"
Scootaloo says: "You have two great places to live!"
Apple Bloom says: "How do you make up your mind which one to stay in?"
Terramar says: "I can't."
Terramar says: "That's the problem."
Apple Bloom says: "Did you say..."
Apple Bloom says: ""problem"?"
Sweetie Belle says: "You have a problem?!"
Sweetie Belle says: "!"
Scootaloo says: "Yes!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Woo-hoo!"
Sweetie Belle says: "We discovered our mission!"
Scootaloo says: "All right!"
Apple Bloom says: "We did it!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Woo-hoo-hoo-hoo!"
Scootaloo says: "Sorry."
Scootaloo says: "You were talking about your problem?"
Terramar says: "Right."
Terramar says: "Like I said, Mount Aris is one great place to live."
Terramar says: "That's why Silverstream and my dad and some of my cousins came back here."
Terramar says: "But Seaquestria is another great place to live."
Terramar says: "That's where my mom is."
Sweetie Belle says: "Ohhhh."
Sweetie Belle says: "I-I didn't know that."
Terramar says: "So no matter where I am, I feel like I'm letting someone down."
Apple Bloom says: "No wonder you're having such a hard time deciding."
Terramar says: "And I have to choose soon."
Terramar says: "Every other griff my age already knows where they belong."
Terramar says: "I'm still not sure."
Scootaloo says: "When in doubt, chart it out!"
Scootaloo says: "Now, we put down everything great about each place and everything not so great."
Scootaloo says: "Compare them, and..."
Scootaloo says: "your decision is made for you!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Well, it's obvious, isn't it?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Mount Aris is the best of all possible worlds."
Sweetie Belle says: "Pro – it's beautiful."
Sweetie Belle says: "Con – too far from Equestria."
Sweetie Belle says: "I think that pretty much sums it up."
Terramar says: "But you haven't been to Seaquestria yet."
Terramar says: "How can you even compare them?"
Apple Bloom says: "Terramar's right, Sweetie Belle."
Apple Bloom says: "It'd be fair if we visited both places before we decide."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hey, everypony!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This festival is fantastic!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Look what I won at the ring toss booth!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ahem."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But of course, I'm really here on business."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sky Beak's already signed the form."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now I just need your mom's signature."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Is she around?"
Apple Bloom says: "Um..."
Apple Bloom says: "she's a seapony."
Apple Bloom says: "In Seaquestria."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's what Silverstream meant by "houses"!"
Terramar says: "Mm-hmm."
Terramar says: "If you'd like to meet my mom, we're just heading down there now."
Apple Bloom says: "And how exactly are we gonna visit underwater?"
Scootaloo says: "Whoa!"
Scootaloo says: "Whoa!"
Scootaloo says: "This must be just like flying!"
Scootaloo says: "Woo-hoo!"
Apple Bloom says: "Where's your mom's house, Terramar?"
Terramar says: "Come on."
Terramar says: "It's this way."
Scootaloo says: "This is awesome!"
Terramar says: "Mom!"
Ocean Flow says: "Terramar!"
Ocean Flow says: "Welcome home, baby!"
Ocean Flow says: "No excuses."
Ocean Flow says: "This time, you're staying for dinner."
Terramar says: "Scootaloo, Sweetie Belle, Apple Bloom, this is my mom Ocean Flow."
Terramar says: "And this is—"
Ocean Flow says: "Princess Twilight Sparkle!"
Ocean Flow says: "What an honor!"
Ocean Flow says: "You know, Silverstream just raves about you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, she is one of our most hardworking students."
Twilight Sparkle says: "In fact, I brought this form for you to sign so that—"
Ocean Flow says: "Both my children are so smart."
Ocean Flow says: "Would you like to see their baby pictures?"
Terramar says: "Mom!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That sounds adorable!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'd love to!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And you know, to find out about aquatic pony early development and, uh..."
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "Research."
Ocean Flow says: "Oh, well, maybe your friends would like a snack while we're gone?"
Ocean Flow says: "Some kelp chips?"
Ocean Flow says: "Fish oil tea?"
Terramar says: "No, thanks, Mom."
Terramar says: "I'm gonna go show them around."
Scootaloo says: "Look out!"
Scootaloo says: "Can't catch me!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Huh."
Sweetie Belle says: "Not much sunlight down here, is there?"
Scootaloo says: "Boom-ba-da-boom-ba-da-boom-ba-da-boom-ba-da-boom-ba-da-boom-ba-da-boom!"
Sweetie Belle says: "No grass to run in and no hooves to run on it with."
Sweetie Belle says: "And excuse me, but how do you keep from getting all pruney?"
Scootaloo says: "Everything sounds funny down here!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Okay."
Sweetie Belle says: "I've seen everything I need to."
Sweetie Belle says: "So, uh, why don't we find Twilight Sparkle, finish the chart, and, uh, head back up the mountain?"
Sweetie Belle says: "I have some serious field twirling to do."
Scootaloo says: "Where's she going?"
Scootaloo says: "I want to stay and swim some more!"
Sky Beak says: "Princess Twilight, you're back!"
Sky Beak says: "And just in time for the screeching competition."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why not?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Could be another trophy in my future!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Be back soon!"
Scootaloo says: "All right!"
Scootaloo says: "Let's add some positives to the Seaquestria side!"
Apple Bloom says: "Uh-huh!"
Scootaloo says: "Swimming is like flying, multi-color fish, and did I mention the flying thing?!"
Scootaloo says: "!"
Sweetie Belle says: "You forgot the cons."
Sweetie Belle says: "Dark, wet, sea monsters..."
Scootaloo says: "I don't remember any sea monsters."
Scootaloo says: "Apple Bloom, looks like it's up to you."
Apple Bloom says: "Me?"
Apple Bloom says: "Well..."
Apple Bloom says: "Both places have a lot of good things about them."
Apple Bloom says: "I can understand why it's hard for you to decide."
Apple Bloom.
Your heart is in two places, you can only live in one.
You're torn between the hilltops and the tide.
Sweetie Belle.
Thank goodness that the Cutie Mark Crusaders have begun.
To give you hope and help you to decide.
These hills, they call to you, they say "Harmonizing Heights".
This is your home, simple and serene.
The sun-dappled leaves or a mountain terrace.
You can see twenty-three different shades of green.
To dare to compare anywhere to there.
Is unfair and just plain wrong.
Colt or mare or you wear feathers, fins, or hair.
This is where you belong.
Scootaloo says: "Well, on the other hoof, I can think of a place that's way more exciting and cool, not to mention more you!"
Scootaloo says: "Come on, you know exactly where I mean!"
Seaquestria's the most, you're supposed to be there.
Underneath the sea where you can feel at home.
Swimmin' with your friends, you can spend all day here.
Playin' in the bay here, splashin' in the foam.
Sailin' through the wavy blue.
You'll view a slew of tortoises.
Forget the rest, the sea's the best.
For all intents and "porpoises".
Sweetie Belle.
Build your nest here on Harmonizing Heights.
Scootaloo.
Live it up here in Seaquestria.
Sweetie Belle.
Nothing compares to Harmonizing Heights.
The eagles are regal.
Scootaloo.
But the schools are cooler.
Sweetie Belle.
Their claws are so awesome.
Scootaloo.
With their sweet maneuvers.
Sweetie Belle.
Star wishes every night.
Scootaloo.
Starfish by eel light.
Sweetie Belle.
Better.
Scootaloo.
Wetter.
Sweetie Belle.
Shinier.
Scootaloo.
Brinier.
Seaquestria!
Sweetie Belle.
Harmonizing Heights!
Scootaloo.
Seaquestria!
Sweetie Belle.
Harmonizing Heights!
Sweetie Belle and Scootaloo.
That's it! This is the end!
Don't ever talk to me again!
Apple Bloom says: "Terramar, where're you goin'?"
Terramar says: "Ugh!"
Terramar says: "If you all can't even agree amongst yourselves, how am I supposed to make up my mind?!"
Terramar says: "!"
Terramar says: "It's hopeless!"
Scootaloo says: "Hmph!"
Apple Bloom says: "Sweetie Belle said to tell you it's your fault that Terramar ran off."
Scootaloo says: "Well, you tell Sweetie Belle that if it weren't for her, our mission would've been over by now!"
Scootaloo says: "And a success!"
Apple Bloom says: "Scootaloo says this whole thing is your fault."
Sweetie Belle says: "Well, tell her that I'm not the one who dashed all of Terramar's hopes and made him give up on the world!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Both worlds!"
Apple Bloom says: "Sweetie Belle says it's your fault that Terramar ran—"
Apple Bloom says: "Oh."
Apple Bloom says: "Wait."
Apple Bloom says: "I already told you that, didn't I?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh, what's going on?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Where's Terramar?"
Apple Bloom says: "Uh, well..."
Apple Bloom says: "he..."
Apple Bloom says: "he kinda left."
Apple Bloom says: "He wanted to be by himself."
Scootaloo says: "Which was not my fault!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Mine, either!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, of course not."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why would you think that?"
Scootaloo says: "Because it was our fault."
Sweetie Belle says: "Because it was our fault."
Scootaloo says: "All we had to do was help him choose which world to live in."
Sweetie Belle says: "And we let him down."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Whoever said that he had to choose?"
Apple Bloom says: "Well, he did."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hmmm..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe Terramar's making it harder than it has to be."
Ocean Flow says: "Yoo-hoo!"
Ocean Flow says: "Princess!"
Ocean Flow says: "We're having a seashell-crafting circle."
Ocean Flow says: "Care to join us?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Actually, we're right in the middle of—"
Sky Beak says: "There you are!"
Sky Beak says: "The flag-folding ceremony's about to begin!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thank you, really."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've had a great time in both places today, but..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wow."
Twilight Sparkle says: "This must be how Terramar feels all the time."
Ocean Flow says: "Oh!"
Ocean Flow says: "Hello, Sky Beak."
Sky Beak says: "Ocean Flow!"
Sky Beak says: "You're looking well."
Hippogriffs and seaponies chattering.
Sweetie Belle says: "Hmmm..."
Sweetie Belle says: "This gives me an idea."
Scootaloo says: "Huh."
Scootaloo says: "I thought for sure he came this way."
Sweetie Belle says: "He did."
Terramar says: "And I'm staying here, too!"
Terramar says: "That way, I don't have to be on land or in the water!"
Scootaloo says: "We're sorry."
Scootaloo says: "We were supposed to help you, and..."
Sweetie Belle says: "..."
Sweetie Belle says: "we just ended up confusing you more."
Sweetie Belle says: "It's all our fault."
Terramar says: "Oh, great!"
Terramar says: "You're sorry, and I'm still confused!"
Terramar says: "I'm staying in my tree."
Apple Bloom says: "We might have somethin' worth comin' down for."
Sweetie Belle says: "We thought we'd get every creature together for a picnic on the beach."
Scootaloo says: "And we mean every creature!"
Hippogriffs and seaponies chattering.
Sky Beak says: "Son!"
Sky Beak says: "There you are!"
Sky Beak says: "Your friends told us how you've been feeling."
Ocean Flow says: "And we're sorry if we ever made you think you had to choose between worlds."
Ocean Flow says: "That wasn't our intention, honey."
Sky Beak says: "Your Hippogriff heritage is something to be proud of, certainly."
Ocean Flow says: "But you're more than just where you're from or who you live with."
Ocean Flow says: "We love you because you're you, no matter where you choose to be."
Sky Beak says: "You don't have to decide."
Sky Beak says: "You can keep doing what you've been doing – going back and forth."
Ocean Flow says: "And enjoying both places."
Scootaloo says: "Something we forgot to add that both places have – family and friends who love you."
Terramar says: "Thanks for everything."
Terramar says: "Hey, uh, are you glowing?"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "Yes!"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "We did it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Congratulations!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Your first map mission is a success!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Guess that means we're officially done here."
Sweetie Belle says: "I hope you come visit your sister in Equestria."
Apple Bloom says: "Yeah, come see us!"
Apple Bloom says: "You'll love it!"
Scootaloo says: "Who knows?"
Scootaloo says: "You might even want to live there!"
Scootaloo says: "Yeah, that was a joke."