Rainbow Dash says: "Wow!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I can't believe how many ponies showed up!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I can!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I mean, finding out who the Ponyville Days pony of ceremonies is is a pretty big deal!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I didn't know Granny Smith was on the selection committee."
Applejack says: "Of course she is."
Applejack says: "Ponyville Days celebrates the founding of Ponyville, and she was right there."
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm glad the committee didn't automatically pick me so everypony gets a chance to see how great being me actually is!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Even though the festival's basically a party and the pony of ceremonies gets to organize the whole thing!"
Pinkie Pie says: "So it'd totally make sense if they did pick me."
Ponies says: "Shhh!"
Mayor Mare says: "Citizens of Ponyville, this year's applicants were all exceptional, but there can only be one Ponyville Days pony of ceremonies."
Mayor Mare says: "And that pony is..."
Mayor Mare says: "Rarity!"
Applejack says: "Whoo-ee!"
Applejack says: "All right, Rarity!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoo-oo-oo!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Congratulations, Rarity!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Do you know what you're gonna do?"
Rarity says: "Oh, I might have a few ideas."
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm so excited for the festival, I can hardly stand up straight!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Me too."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm glad Rarity was picked."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know she'll add a touch of elegance to the whole thing!"
Applejack says: "Probably more than a touch!"
Spike says: "This year's Ponyville Days festival, designed by Rarity, will feature various high-class events such as..."
Spike says: "a silent cider auction and tasting..."
Main cast sans Rarity says: "Ooooh!"
Spike says: "..."
Spike says: "A Ponyville gala in town square..."
Main cast sans Rarity says: "Ahhhh!"
Spike says: "..."
Spike says: "And, of course, a Ponyville fashion show."
Main cast sans Rarity says: "Ooooh!"
Spike says: "This year's Ponyville Days festival pony of ceremonies creates shimmering couture of her own design."
Rarity says: "And the theme is..."
Rarity says: ""Small Town Chic"!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wow, Rarity."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You really have put a lot of effort into this."
Applejack says: "I'll say."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I think it's going to be magical."
Rarity says: "Do you really think so?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Are you kidding?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I can't wait!"
Rarity says: "Oh, that's such a relief."
Rarity says: "But of course, I couldn't possibly do it all on my own."
Rarity says: "The festival is in three days!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Pinkie Pie and I can hang lights and decorations in the town square!"
Applejack says: "And I can get Sweet Apple Acres all ready for the cider tastin'."
Rarity says: "Oh, that's just perfect!"
Rarity says: "And now, Twilight, if you and Fluttershy wouldn't mind helping with the fashion show..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Of course!"
Fluttershy says: "I'd be honored."
Rarity says: "I can focus on the thing I'm worried about most of all."
Main cast sans Rarity says: "What?"
Rarity says: "Creating a Ponyville Days festival fantastic enough to impress..."
Rarity says: "Trenderhoof!"
Applejack says: "Uh, who's Trenderhoof?"
Rarity says: "What?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "How can you not know who Trenderhoof is?"
Rarity says: "Trenderhoof is only the most amazing, handsomest travel writer to have ever traveled or written!"
Rarity says: "Before Las Pegasus became an Equestria travel destination, he wrote about it!"
Rarity says: "Before the culinary revolution in Trottingham, he discovered it!"
Rarity says: "He knows what's going to be hot even before it's tepid!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sounds like somepony has a little bit of a crush."
Rarity says: "Oh, Twilight, "crush" doesn't even begin to describe it."
Rarity says: "He's practically divine."
Rarity says: "I can't believe he's coming!"
Rarity says: "Thank you ever so much for joining me, Twilight."
Rarity says: "I don't think I could have met Trenderhoof on my own!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's no problem, but you shouldn't be nervous about meeting him."
Rarity says: "Is that him?"
Rarity says: "Is he here?"
Rarity says: "Twilight, is he there?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uhh..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm not sure."
Rarity says: "You don't suppose he's decided not to come?"
Rarity says: "Twilight, I don't see him!"
Rarity says: "What if he doesn't arrive?"
Rarity says: "The whole festival will be a disaster!"
Rarity says: "Twilight, where is he?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "Sorry."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity, you have to get a hold of yourself."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I mean, you haven't even met him yet!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What's wrong?"
Rarity says: "Shh!"
Rarity says: "It's him, it's him, is it him?"
Rarity says: "Is it him?"
Rarity says: "It's him, he's here, he's here!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, go up and talk to him!"
Trenderhoof says: "Please, call me 'Trend'."
Rarity says: "And over here will be the climax of the festival, the Ponyville Days gala!"
Rarity says: "Music, dancing!"
Rarity says: "And of course a locally sourced menu of delicious treats."
Trenderhoof says: "Reminds me of the "Spring Fling meets Manehattan Wedding" I wrote about in Gallop & Prance."
Rarity says: "Exactly!"
Rarity says: "I, I can't even describe how much your work has influenced me!"
Rarity says: "And finally, Sweet Apple Acres."
Rarity says: "Ponyville's core, heh-heh, so to speak, where our quaint little hamlet began."
Trenderhoof says: "Oh, breathtaking!"
Trenderhoof says: "I've heard about it of course, but to see it in vérité, to stand on the soil of a working farm..."
Trenderhoof says: "you can really feel the authenticity."
Rarity says: "Oh, yes, uh, they, they really do grow apples here."
Trenderhoof says: "Thank you, Rarity."
Trenderhoof says: "Thank you for bringing me here."
Trenderhoof says: "This farm is truly something special."
Rarity says: "Oh, I had planned to transform it into an elegant country inn for the festival..."
Rarity says: "but now I see just how special it is au naturel."
Trenderhoof says: "Au naturel indeed."
Trenderhoof says: "Who..."
Trenderhoof says: "is..."
Trenderhoof says: "that?"
Rarity says: "Who?"
Rarity says: "Applejack?"
Rarity says: "Ahem!"
Rarity says: "Why are you staring at her like that?"
Trenderhoof says: "I've seen a lot in my travels, but I've never beheld such beauty."
Trenderhoof says: "Applejack..."
Trenderhoof says: "the pony of my dreams..."
Spike says: "Rarity?"
Spike says: "Rarity!"
Spike says: "Hello?"
Spike says: "I brought my cider-tasting cup."
Spike says: "Are you ready to go try the samples?"
Rarity says: "What's the point?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Spike says: "Rarity, what's wrong?"
Rarity says: "Nothing."
Spike says: "Is it something I said?"
Rarity says: "He doesn't like me."
Spike says: "What?"
Rarity says: "He doesn't like me."
Spike says: "Rarity, I can't hear what you're—"
Rarity says: "He doesn't like me because he has a crush on Applejack, even though I've had a crush on him ever since the beginning of time, and it's not fair!"
Spike says: "Trenderhoof doesn't like you?"
Spike says: "That's ridiculous!"
Rarity says: "Oh, Spike, how could you ever know what it's like to be totally obsessed with a pony only to find out they're obsessed with somepony else?"
Rarity says: "I mean, what could Applejack possibly have that I don't?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Spike says: "I 'unno."
Rarity says: "Hmm..."
Trenderhoof says: "You know, I have such respect for the work ethic of Earth ponies."
Applejack says: "Uh, gee, thanks."
Applejack says: "Granny Smith always said, "Pick an apple a day and keep trouble away."
Trenderhoof says: "How many varieties of apples do you think there are?"
Applejack says: "Uh, on the farm or in all of Equestria?"
Applejack says: "'Cause—"
Trenderhoof says: "I once had an apple so rare, they thought it was extinct."
Trenderhoof says: "I ate four of them."
Applejack says: "Is that a fact?"
Trenderhoof says: "That's my thing."
Trenderhoof says: "I take the mundane, the simple, the unappreciated, and I make it relatable."
Applejack says: "Well, I hope you can relate to Ponyville."
Trenderhoof says: "Me too."
Trenderhoof says: "But enough about me."
Trenderhoof says: "I wanna know about you!"
Trenderhoof says: "What do apples mean to Applejack?"
Applejack says: "Look, I'm glad you're interested in Ponyville 'n' all, but I'm kinda busy with my chores."
Applejack says: "And if I can't get 'em done, there won't be a Ponyville Days festival for you to write about."
Rarity says: "Well, that will never do!"
Applejack says: "Rarity, what are you wearin'?"
Rarity says: "What, this old thing?"
Applejack says: "Aren't you too busy plannin' the festival to keep makin' new outfits for it?"
Rarity says: "I am."
Rarity says: "But the thought of hauling apples inspired me, and I just couldn't stop myself!"
Applejack says: "Really?"
Rarity says: "If there's one thing I love, it's hauling apples!"
Trenderhoof says: "I'm growing fond of it myself."
Applejack says: "Maybe you two should try it sometime."
Trenderhoof says: "I'm feeling a tad inspired."
Without farm life, there'd be such disparity.
These thoughts I think with great clarity.
Apples high to the sky.
She's the one of my eye.
That fruit-hauling pony named... Applejack!
Spike says: "Rarity, why do you want to plow a field?"
Rarity says: "Is it me, or could this use a splash of color?"
Rarity says: "And maybe a wash!"
Spike says: "Don't we need to check on the gala decorations?"
Rarity says: "Yes, yes, of course, but Trend obviously has a thing for farm life."
Rarity says: "If I can't convince him that I'm just as much of a farm hoof as Applejack, I'll never get him interested in the festival."
Spike says: "The festival."
Spike says: "Right."
Rarity says: "And I do appreciate your help ever so much."
Rarity says: "I couldn't do a thing without you, Spikey-poo."
Spike says: "Well, that's what friends are for!"
Rarity says: "Right, so."
Rarity says: "Oh, how does Applejack do it?"
Applejack says: "Well, it would help if the harness was on right."
Applejack says: "What are you doin'?"
Rarity says: "I am simply lending a hoof with the chores, which I love doing ever so much."
Applejack says: "Well if you're still interested after the festival I can teach you all about it."
Applejack says: "But right now, I need to get the plowin' done, if you don't mind."
Rarity says: "Not at all."
Rarity says: "Ugh!"
Rarity says: "Oh!"
Spike says: "She makes it look so easy."
Trenderhoof says: "I know."
Trenderhoof says: "Isn't she fantastic?"
Rarity says: "I really don't see what the fuss is all about."
Applejack says: "Now, Rarity, you be careful."
Applejack says: "If you don't get the buckin' just right, you could sprain a hoof."
Rarity says: "I am perfectly familiar with the apple-bucking process, thank you very much."
Rarity says: "But while you seem to rely on raw power, I believe a certain amount of style is required."
Rarity says: "It's really more of a dance, if you ask me."
Rarity says: "Et voilà!"
Applejack says: "Well, your way is definitely long on style."
Rarity says: "Thank you."
Applejack says: "Now, if you'll all excuse me, I have some more chores to do."
Applejack says: "Inside!"
Trenderhoof says: "Rarity, can I ask you something?"
Rarity says: "Oh, why, Trend, you can ask me anything."
Trenderhoof says: "I've been meaning to ask for a while, and frankly I'm sort of embarrassed."
Trenderhoof says: "Rarity..."
Trenderhoof says: "do you think..."
Trenderhoof says: "Applejack would be my date for the festival?"
Rarity says: "Why don't you go ask her yourself?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "Hmph!"
Applejack says: "Whew!"
Applejack says: "Well, that was close."
Rarity says: "If you've come to apologize, there's really no need."
Applejack says: "What are you talkin' about?"
Rarity says: "Let's dispense with the charade, shall we?"
Applejack says: "Listen, I know you really want Trend to like you—"
Rarity says: "And he does!"
Rarity says: "Despite somepony's best efforts!"
Applejack says: "I swear I don't know why he's payin' so much attention to me."
Applejack says: "And I don't know anypony who's that interested in farmin'."
Applejack says: "Not even me!"
Rarity says: "Well, maybe it's time Trend met a real country pony."
Applejack says: "Shouldn't you be workin' on the festival instead of comin' up with new ways to impress Trend?"
Rarity says: "Oh, I'm sure you'd love that."
Rarity says: "Well, I have a new vision for the festival,  and it's gonna be more country than the whole Apple family put together!"
Fluttershy says: "Um, isn't it a little late to be changing the theme?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Applejack, what's going on?"
Applejack says: "I'm too scared to guess."
Rarity says: "Firstly, I just want to thank you all for comin', and second, I know y'all will all adore my new festival theme!"
Rarity says: ""Simple Ways"!"
Rarity says: "Well?"
Rarity says: "What's so funny?"
Applejack says: "Rarity, that is the silliest getup I have ever seen!"
Fluttershy says: "It is a little funny."
Rarity says: "Fun-nay?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity, you aren't serious, are you?"
Rarity says: "Why wouldn't I be?"
Applejack says: "Because you would never dress like that."
Applejack says: "You like fashion and high society and fancy things."
Rarity says: "And I can like plowin' fields and haulin' apples just as much."
Applejack says: "But you don't!"
Rarity says: "How do you know what I like?"
Applejack says: "Because I know you."
Rarity says: "Wail, maybe you don't know me as well as you thank."
Applejack says: "And I suppose it's just a coincidence that Trenderhoof seemed so interested in country life, too?"
Rarity says: "I don't know what you're gittin' at!"
Applejack says: "Well then, I guess I'll just have to show you!"
Rarity says: "Be my guest!"
Rarity says: "Now, if you all will excuse me, I have a hootenanny of a festival to put on."
Rarity says: "Who's our next model for the fashion show?"
Spike says: "Um..."
Spike says: "Apple..."
Spike says: "Jewel?"
Rarity says: "Who the hay is that?"
Rarity says: "Is this some kind of joke?"
Applejack says: "Why, Rarity, whatever would make you think I was joking?"
Rarity says: "Because you would never wear an ensemble like that."
Rarity says: "You like plowing fields and hauling apples—"
Applejack says: "And I can like fashion just as much."
Rarity says: "But you don't!"
Applejack says: "Well, maybe you do not know me as well as you think."
Rarity says: "Fine."
Rarity says: "But I got a whole festival to plan, so if you're goin' to start modelin', just get on with it!"
Applejack says: "Life is a festival, and you should celebrate it by looking just like me!"
Applejack says: "Because I'm a trend-setting fashionista!"
Applejack says: "Oh, is that so?"
Rarity says: "Yes, indeedy-doodle!"
Applejack says: "Not me!"
Applejack says: "My mane needs to be perfectly coiffed at all times."
Rarity says: "Well, my mane is full of dust and split ends."
Applejack says: "My hooves are so polished, you can see your reflection in them."
Rarity says: "My hooves are cracked and dry from working in the fields!"
Applejack says: "I'm so fashion-forward."
Rarity says: "I wear droopy drawers!"
Applejack says: "I smell like rosebuds."
Rarity says: "I love being covered in mud!"
Rarity says: "Goodness!"
Rarity says: "Your couture!"
Rarity says: "Ooh, it's bad."
Rarity says: "Will somepony bring me a towel to wipe this repulsive filth from my hooves?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Applejack says: "There's the Rarity I know!"
Rarity says: "Oh, Applejack, I'm sorry I said all those things."
Rarity says: "You're a true friend who probably knows me better than I know myself."
Rarity says: "I don't know what I was thinking wearing this ridiculous outfit."
Applejack says: "I kinda know how you feel."
Rarity says: "Oh, but you were just trying to help me see how silly I was being."
Rarity says: "And you were right."
Rarity says: "Besides, that gown looks just gorgeous on you."
Rarity says: "I wish I hadn't ruined it."
Applejack says: "Thanks!"
Applejack says: "It's nice, ain't it?"
Rarity says: "It's magnificent!"
Rarity says: "Wherever did you get it?"
Applejack says: "Oh, it's, uh, one of yours."
Rarity says: "I'll need three gallons of boiling water and one ounce of detergent, stat!"
Trenderhoof says: "I'm moving to Ponyville!"
Trenderhoof says: "Being the most interesting pony in Equestria is exhausting."
Trenderhoof says: "I want to leave my exotic, exciting life behind and live on a farm!"
Applejack says: "What?!"
Rarity says: "What?!"
Applejack says: "!"
Rarity says: "!"
Applejack says: "Well, that's real nice, but I sure hope you weren't thinkin' of Sweet Apple Acres."
Trenderhoof says: "Oh."
Applejack says: "Uh, look, you're a fine pony, but, uh, well, I'm, uh..."
Rarity says: "I think what Applejack is trying to say is that there's something unappealing about a pony who'd change themselves so much just to impress somepony else."
Rarity says: "If somepony doesn't like you for who you are, it's their loss."
Trenderhoof says: "Well, this is awkward."
Rarity says: "Not at all."
Rarity says: "In fact, I think I know just how you feel."
Applejack says: "What do you think, Rarity?"
Applejack says: "Is it too late to go back to "Small Town Chic"?"
Rarity says: "Not if I can help it!"
Rarity says: "Organizing the Ponyville Day celebration was one of the hardest things I've ever done."
Rarity says: "But I learned an important lesson."
Rarity says: "Real friends will like you for who you are, and changing yourself to impress them is no way to make new ones."
Rarity says: "And when you're as fabulous as I am, it's practically a crime!"