Fluttershy says: "Eloise, Hubert, we've barely practiced for the coronation at all today."
Fluttershy says: "How can you be tired already?"
Fluttershy says: "Any luck with the rest of the flock, Josephine?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hi, Fluttershy."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Did you still want me to see the rehearsal?"
Fluttershy says: "I do, but I don't know what's gotten into everyone."
Fluttershy says: "Getting them to practice has been a real challenge."
Fluttershy says: "And the choreography for the coronation is very specific."
Fluttershy says: "I hope we have enough time to get it all down."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sure that whatever you have planned, there's no pony better for the job than you."
Fluttershy says: "I hope so."
Fluttershy says: "At least Angel seems to have a handle on the butterflies and hummingbirds."
Fluttershy says: "Or maybe not."
Fluttershy says: "I'm already nervous about the performance, and this isn't helping."
Fluttershy says: "I just don't understand why no one will listen."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Do you think the animals might be picking up on your stage fright?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I remember how much of an issue that's been for you."
Rarity says: "Fluttershy, I cannot believe your spectacular voice isn't part of the Pony Tones quartet!"
Fluttershy says: "Um, well, I—"
Rarity says: "Especially since you're having us perform for your Ponyville Pet Center fundraiser tomorrow night!"
Fluttershy says: "Well, you see, I—"
Rarity says: "This simply must be rectified."
Rarity says: "You must share that stunning voice at the event!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yeah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It'll be so amazing!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You'll be there on stage, basking in the hooflights!"
Pinkie Pie says: "The center of attention!"
Pinkie Pie says: "A shining star!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Everypony staring at you, judging you, jealously noting how they could be way better than you!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Why wasn't it them?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Why wasn't it them?"
Pinkie Pie says: "And then, when you choke, they'll turn on you, becoming a seething, angry mob, and you'll be horribly humiliated, never able to show your face in Ponyville again!"
Rarity says: "Pinkie Pie!"
Rarity says: "Don't be ridiculous!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Aw, but I'm so good at it!"
Rarity says: "Come, Fluttershy, you will join the group, making the Pony Tones quartet the Pony Tones quintet!"
Fluttershy says: "No."
Rarity says: "Pardon me?"
Fluttershy says: "I love the Pony Tones, I'm one of their biggest fans, but I do not want to perform with them."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why not, Fluttershy?"
Fluttershy says: "Well, you see..."
Fluttershy says: "I..."
Fluttershy says: "I have..."
Fluttershy says: "um..."
Fluttershy says: "I..."
Fluttershy says: "I have..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Spit it out!"
Fluttershy says: "I have..."
Fluttershy says: "stage fright."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't believe that Princess Celestia chose us to put on the most important play of the season!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Do you guys know what an honor this is?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "For all of us?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I wish she hadn't honored me quite so much..."
Fluttershy says: "I can't go onstage!"
Fluttershy says: "I don't want everypony looking at me!"
Rarity says: "Fluttershy, darling, there's nothing to feel nervous about."
Fluttershy says: "No?"
Rarity says: "Of course not."
Rarity says: "All across Equestria, ponies are preparing their own pageants for Hearth's Warming Eve in their own towns."
Rarity says: "It's tradition."
Fluttershy says: "So you're saying they'll be too busy to come to our play?"
Rarity says: "Well, no."
Rarity says: "We're in the Canterlot pageant, the biggest, most important production in all of Equestria."
Rarity says: "A lot of ponies will come to watch us."
Fluttershy says: "A lot?"
Rarity says: "Hundreds."
Fluttershy says: "Hundreds?"
Rarity says: "Maybe even thousands!"
Fluttershy says: "I guess that might be why none of the animals are responding to me."
Fluttershy says: "I hoped having you here might inspire them, but..."
Fluttershy says: "..."
Fluttershy says: "that doesn't seem to be the case."
Fluttershy says: "I know I should get tough with them, but it's just so hard."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Being assertive doesn't exactly come easy to you, but you've gotten so much better at it."
Fluttershy says: "My dear Breezies, I had to rescue Seabreeze from serious harm, and now I know more than ever that you must leave before it's too late!"
Fluttershy says: "You would never survive in Ponyville."
Breezies says: "Erski parli polin!"
Fluttershy says: "I can't help you any more."
Fluttershy says: "In fact, I wasn't helping you at all by being nice."
Fluttershy says: "Oh..."
Fluttershy says: "But the truth of the matter is that I must be firm!"
Fluttershy says: "You must go, now!"
Fluttershy says: "Please, just leave me alone!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy, what's wrong?"
Glasses Stallion says: "We want answers!"
"Lemon Chiffon" says: "Yeah!"
"Lemon Chiffon" says: "We're entitled to know!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What is it, everypony?"
"Lemon Chiffon" says: "We wanna know why Fluttershy keeps learning the same thing over and over again!"
"Lemon Chiffon" says: "Be assertive already!"
"Wisp" says: "Even I've learned more than she has!"
"Wisp" says: "Why can't I be in the book?!"
"Wisp" says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Really?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Are you attacking my friend because you want to be in a book?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "It's okay."
Fluttershy says: "I got this, girls."
Fluttershy says: "Listen up!"
Fluttershy says: "I am more assertive!"
Fluttershy says: "And yes, it took me a while to get there."
Fluttershy says: "But can you honestly say that you could learn something one time and completely change who you are?"
Fluttershy says: "I didn't think so."
Fluttershy says: "I have gotten better."
Fluttershy says: "Sometimes a little too much."
Globe Trotter says: "Excuse me, do you know how to get to the Ponyville tower?"
Globe Trotter says: "Oh, that's a shame."
Fluttershy says: ""You make me lose, I blow my fuse!"
Globe Trotter says: "Hey!"
Fluttershy says: "I would srsly help you right now, but, like, I don't wanna, you know?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, goodness!"
Fluttershy says: "Are you okay?"
Fluttershy says: "It's hard to figure out how assertive to be."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sure you'll figure it out."
Twilight Sparkle says: "When it comes to animals, you always do."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Plus, you have Angel helping, so..."
Fluttershy says: "I'm sorry, Twilight, but I'm afraid at this rate, there won't be an animal performance for your coronation."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Have you thought about using the Stare?"
Fluttershy says: "See?"
Fluttershy says: "Now we have to—"
Fluttershy says: "Girls, please."
Fluttershy says: "Girls—"
Fluttershy says: "now listen to me, girls, I—"
Fluttershy says: "please!"
Fluttershy says: "Girls!"
Fluttershy says: "Behind me, now!"
Fluttershy says: "You!"
Fluttershy says: "Just who do you think you are, going around turning others into stone?"
Fluttershy says: "You should be ashamed of yourself."
Fluttershy says: "I have a mind to find your mother and tell her what you've been up to, young man."
Fluttershy says: "Now you go over there, and turn Elizabeak and my friend Twilight back to normal, and don't ever let me catch you doing this again."
Fluttershy says: "Do you understand me?"
Fluttershy says: "Are you girls all right?"
Fluttershy says: "I was so worried!"
Scootaloo says: "Yeah, fine!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Thanks to that stare of yours."
Fluttershy says: "I don't know."
Fluttershy says: "The Stare is so..."
Fluttershy says: "aggressive."
Fluttershy says: "Plus, it doesn't always work."
Fluttershy says: "Hello, flash bees!"
Fluttershy says: "I was hoping I could get some of your honey."
Fluttershy says: "Oh!"
Fluttershy says: "I see."
Fluttershy says: "You don't let others have any."
Fluttershy says: "Well, I'm sorry, but I really need it."
Fluttershy says: "I didn't want it to have to come to this, but I'll just have to use..."
Fluttershy says: "the Stare!"
Fluttershy says: "You really are aggressive!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "To be fair, you were pretty sick then."
Fluttershy says: "Still, I find that I get the best results when my animal friends want to help me."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, thank you, but I'm afraid a couple of little acorns won't solve my big flying problem."
Fluttershy says: "I tried, but you should've seen those ponies laughing at me..."
Fluttershy says: "I know it's important to have confidence in myself..."
Fluttershy says: "Yes, yes, I do remember."
Fluttershy says: "The river was swelling..."
Fluttershy says: "..."
Fluttershy says: "and you were scared..."
Fluttershy says: "..."
Fluttershy says: "yes, I did tell you to never give up..."
Fluttershy says: "and to believe in yourself."
Fluttershy says: "You're right, my friends."
Fluttershy says: "I shouldn't give up."
Fluttershy says: "I will get my confidence up and show everypony that I am a good flyer!"
Fluttershy says: "A great flyer!"
Fluttershy says: "Unfortunately, no one seems interested in helping me today."
Fluttershy says: "So I guess that means we won't be able to get our choreography down."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come on!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You can't all just abandon Fluttershy like this!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Don't you want to stand by her?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Think of all the times she stood up for you."
Fluttershy says: "You see?"
Fluttershy says: "By fighting, you're destroying the very thing that brought you here in the first place!"
Fluttershy says: "So it's time you both put your differences aside and come together!"
Fluttershy says: "If not for yourselves, then for the sake of these cute and cuddly guys!"
Big Daddy McColt says: "Aw, shucks, we never meant to hurt you little critters."
Ma Hooffield says: "Yeah, we're sorry!"
Fluttershy says: "They say they accept your apology."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And that's not even getting into all the other things that are so great about her."
Rainbow Dash says: "And once Pinkie and Rarity were saved, whoosh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Me and Fluttershy loop-de-loop around, and WHAM!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Caught you right in the nick of time."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes, Rainbow, I was there, and I'm very grateful, but we gotta—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "A manticore!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We've gotta get past him!"
Rarity says: "Take that, you ruffian!"
Rarity says: "My hair!"
Rarity says: "Woop!"
Fluttershy says: "Wait."
Applejack says: "YEE-HAW!"
Applejack says: "Git along, little dogie."
Fluttershy says: "Wait."
Applejack says: "Whoa!"
Applejack says: "All yours, partner."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm on it."
Fluttershy says: "Wait!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow!"
Fluttershy says: "WAIT!"
Fluttershy says: "Shhh..."
Fluttershy says: "It's okay."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, you poor, poor little baby."
Rainbow Dash says: "Little?"
Fluttershy says: "Now, this might hurt for just a second."
Everypony says: "Fluttershy!"
Fluttershy says: "Aw, you're just a little ol' baby kitty, aren't you?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No-no-no!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Not that sparkly!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This one!"
Spike says: "I'm okay if he doesn't want to chase me anymore!"
Applejack says: "How are we gonna get rid of this thing?!"
Applejack says: "!"
Discord says: "Oh, for Scorpan's sake!"
Discord says: "Hello?!"
Discord says: "!"
Discord says: "If only one of you had a way with animals?!"
Discord says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, my."
Fluttershy says: "Uh..."
Fluttershy says: "Excuse me."
Fluttershy says: "Whoa!"
Fluttershy says: "This is supposed to be the happiest time of year!"
Fluttershy says: "So if this is how you plan on behaving, you can march yourself right back to where you came from!"
Fluttershy says: "Awww."
Fluttershy says: "Your family is gone for the holidays, and you're all alone?"
Fluttershy says: "I'm so sorry."
Fluttershy says: "If you calm down, I'm sure you could join us."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't understand."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, it's not your fault, Twilight."
Fluttershy says: "You said some wonderful things."
Fluttershy says: "I even blushed a little."
Fluttershy says: "It's nice to know you think so highly of me, but you don't speak animal."
Fluttershy says: "I don't think they understood you."
Fluttershy says: "I'm sorry I asked you to come all the way out here for nothing, Twilight."
Fluttershy says: "It's not like the routine was all that important."
Fluttershy says: "None of my ideas are."
Fluttershy says: "Not in the grand scheme of things."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy, you and your ideas will always be important to me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "9-by-13-inch pan..."
Fluttershy says: "Twilight!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nonstick pans!"
Spike says: "What's all the commotion in here, ladies?"
Fluttershy says: "Sorry, but I figured out who the Mystical Mask is!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You did?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "All I had to do was cross-reference a book about masks with another book on ancient Equestrian healers, then use a third book to translate it all from Olde Ponish, and there it was!"
Fluttershy says: "Zecora was right!"
Fluttershy says: "The Mystical Mask wasn't just a legend."
Fluttershy says: "The Mystical Mask was Mage Meadowbrook!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The ancient sorceress from Hayseed Swamp?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We studied her at Celestia's school!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you sure?"
Fluttershy says: "Absolutely!"
Fluttershy says: "Mage Meadowbrook wasn't just a sorceress."
Fluttershy says: "She was also a healer, and back then, healers wore masks so they wouldn't get sick themselves!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy, I am so incredibly proud of you for using your research skills to figure this out!"
Fluttershy says: "I'm glad you and I are such good friends."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Me, too."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And even though things might be difficult right now, I want you to know how much you're appreciated."
Fluttershy says: "Thanks, but this coronation routine is just too difficult."
Fluttershy says: "I don't think I have the patience to round everyone up and try again."
Fluttershy says: "What's so funny?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sure dealing with your animal friends is frustrating sometimes, but you've dealt with the most frustrating being in existence."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Release Princess Celestia and Princess Luna, and stop the Everfree Forest from invading!"
Discord says: "Why,  whatever are you talking about?"
Applejack says: "Don't you play dumb with us, Discord!"
Applejack says: "We know you're the one behind all of this!"
Discord says: "Don't get me wrong."
Discord says: "I absolutely love what you've done with the place, but I couldn't possibly take responsibility."
Discord says: "I'm reformed, don't you remember?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, right!"
Rainbow Dash says: "This has got your cloven hoofprints all over it!"
Discord says: "I'll have you know that I have only one cloven hoof."
Discord says: "Such accusations."
Discord says: "And here I thought we were friends."
Pinkie Pie says: "Drop the act, buster!"
Pinkie Pie says: "We're onto you!"
Discord says: "Ladies, ladies, I'm innocent."
Discord says: "Would I lie to you?"
Main cast sans Fluttershy says: "Yes!"
Fluttershy says: "Um, maybe?"
Discord says: "Well then, it seems we've reached an impasse."
Discord says: "I'm telling the truth, but you think I'm lying."
Discord says: "What do friends like us do in a situation like this, Princess Twilight?"
Discord says: "Congrats, by the way, on the promotion."
Discord says: "You totally deserve it."
Rainbow Dash says: "I say we blast him back to stone!"
Applejack says: "Works for me!"
Rarity says: "Hear, hear!"
Fluttershy says: "Hey!"
Fluttershy says: "We can't do that!"
Fluttershy says: "What if he really is telling the truth?"
Discord says: "Well, finally!"
Discord says: "Somepony willing to give me the benefit of the doubt."
Discord says: "The rest of you could learn a lot about friendship from my dear friend Shutterfly here."
Fluttershy says: "Um, it's Fluttershy."
Discord says: "Oh, right, whatever."
Discord says: "I suppose this is goodbye then."
Discord says: "Have an absolutely fabulous voyage."
Fluttershy says: "Discord..."
Discord says: "Well, it's not my fault the new train route leads into an active volcano."
Discord says: "Guess you'll have to stay."
Discord says: "Oh, you're no fun."
Discord says: "Bravo, ladies, bravo!"
Discord says: "How ever did you save the day this time?"
Discord says: "Blast the beastie with your magic necklaces, I presume?"
Discord says: "Where are those little trinkets of yours?"
Discord says: "You know, the ones you use to send me back to my extremely uncomfortable stone prison?"
Applejack says: "Gone."
Discord says: "Gone?"
Discord says: "Gone?"
Fluttershy says: "But our friendship remains."
Fluttershy says: "And if you want to remain friends, you'll stop thinking whatever it is you're thinking and help us clean up."
Discord says: "Fine."
Discord says: "But I don't do windows."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There's something fishy going on."
Fluttershy says: "Discord?"
Discord says: "Well, it's hardly my fault if the soup tureen finds the term "something fishy" to be offensive."
Rarity says: "Not the dress!"
Rarity says: "Not the dress!"
Applejack says: "That tureen's only doin' what you're makin' it do!"
Fluttershy says: "Now let's not jump to any conclusions."
Rainbow Dash says: "Fluttershy!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Can't you see what he's doing?"
Rainbow Dash says: "He's playing innocent with you so you'll never agree to use the Elements of Harmony against him!"
Discord says: "Oh, well, that's a bit harsh, isn't it?"
Rainbow Dash says: "You see what I'm saying, right, Fluttershy?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Fluttershy!"
Fluttershy says: "You know what I see?"
Fluttershy says: "I see that Discord's far from perfect, but I also see none of you giving him a chance!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What's gotten into you?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Why do you keep cutting him so much slack?"
Fluttershy says: "Because that's what friends do."
Discord says: "We're friends?"
Fluttershy says: "Why, of course!"
Fluttershy says: "I can't remember my house ever being this lively before you came along."
Discord says: "Oh..."
Discord says: "Well, I've..."
Discord says: "never really had a friend before."
Fluttershy says: "Well, now you do!"
Fluttershy says: "Wow."
Fluttershy says: "You know what?"
Fluttershy says: "You're right!"
Fluttershy says: "Okay, everyone."
Fluttershy says: "I know none of you are feeling very motivated today, but we have a job to do, and I'm not gonna stop until it's done."
Fluttershy says: "The sooner you get on board, the sooner we can all take a break."
Fluttershy says: "So turn those wings around right now, and let's get started!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nice job, Fluttershy."
Fluttershy says: "I guess I just needed a bit of a confidence boost."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Meh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Some days are like that."
Fluttershy says: "But now you should probably go."
Fluttershy says: "I think it'll be more motivating for everyone if we keep the performance a surprise."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, whatever it is, I know it'll be perfect."
Fluttershy says: "Yes, Angel."
Fluttershy says: "She's gone."
Fluttershy says: "You did a pretty good job too."
Fluttershy says: "You all did."
Spike says: "They're not the only ones."
Fluttershy says: "Getting Twilight to believe my animal friends were giving me trouble was even easier than I thought."
Fluttershy says: "After that, it was simple to get her to reminisce about all the things we've been through together."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Collecting these memories for Twilight is really going well."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I hope she likes the scrapbook."
Fluttershy says: "I'm sure she will, and I'm glad we could help."
Fluttershy says: "But now I think it's time we got some actual practice in."