Pinkie Pie says: "I love it when Princess Celestia comes to Ponyville!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I got my hooves shined just like Rarity for the occasion."
Pinkie Pie says: "Ya like?"
Rarity says: "I certainly do!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm surprised she's not here yet."
Spike says: "I wonder what's taking so long?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And where are Applejack and Fluttershy?"
Rarity says: "Fluttershy's detained helping Applejack with a mishap at Sweet Apple Acres."
Rarity says: "They'll be along."
Spike says: "But, I still don't get why the Princess would be so late."
Twilight Sparkle says: "She's bringing an important visitor."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That could be part of it."
Rainbow Dash says: "A visitor who's important and slow."
Rarity says: "Maybe it's somepony so terribly important, she still had many more terribly important things to do before she got here."
Spike says: "Maybe the visitor has a deer antler, a goat leg, a bat wing, and a snake tail!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yeah, right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's Discord."
Rarity says: "Why in the wide, wide world of Equestria would Princess Celestia bring along someone like that?"
Spike says: "M-m-maybe you should ask..."
Spike says: "her!"
Rarity says: "Huh?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "With all due respect, Princess Celestia, how could you bring Discord here?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Your majesty."
Princess Celestia says: "I'm fully aware that the last time Discord was here, he created serious havoc."
Rainbow Dash says: "If by "serious havoc" you mean "turning Ponyville into the chaos capital of the world"..."
Rarity says: "..."
Rarity says: "and tricking us all into being the opposite of our true selves..."
Pinkie Pie says: "And making yummy delicious chocolate milk rain all over the place without a single dollop of whipped cream to go with it anywhere in sight!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Not a single dollop!"
Princess Celestia says: "Yes, I understand."
Princess Celestia says: "But I have use for Discord's magic if it can be reformed to serve good instead of evil."
Princess Celestia says: "This is why I've brought Discord here, because I believe that you are the ponies who can help him do just that."
Spike says: "This will never work!"
Spike says: "This is a disaster!"
Spike says: "How will we ever control him?!"
Spike says: "!"
Spike says: "We're doomed!"
Princess Celestia says: "Need I remind you that you are the ponies who turned him back into stone like this in the first place?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I suppose we can just use the Elements of Harmony against him again if it gets out of hand."
Spike says: "Uh, w-w-we probably need a volunteer to run away from here right away to get them."
Spike says: "I'll do it!"
Princess Celestia says: "No need, Spike."
Princess Celestia says: "I have them right here, and I've cast a spell so Discord can't take them and hide them again."
Princess Celestia says: "Now where is Fluttershy?"
Princess Celestia says: "I believe she may know best how to begin reforming Discord."
Rainbow Dash says: "Fluttershy?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Really?"
Applejack says: "What's he goin' on about now?"
Fluttershy says: "Good news."
Fluttershy says: "Mr."
Fluttershy says: "Beaverton Beaverteeth has agreed to take his dam apart and move it."
Applejack says: "Well, it's about time."
Applejack says: "My apple trees are so waterlogged, I can practically hear 'em gargle!"
Fluttershy says: "But he says first you'll have to apologize for calling him "a nuisance"."
Applejack says: "Apologize?"
Applejack says: "He's lucky I didn't call him a varmint!"
Fluttershy says: "Mr."
Fluttershy says: "Beaverton Beaverteeth!"
Fluttershy says: "Such language!"
Applejack says: "Fine, fine."
Applejack says: "I apologize."
Applejack says: "Thanks, Fluttershy."
Applejack says: "Don't know what I would've done without you."
Fluttershy says: "Glad I could help."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey, slackers!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Double time it on over to Ponyville, would ya?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We're all waiting on you!"
Princess Celestia says: "I realize that this is a tall order, but I wouldn't ask if I weren't confident you could get him to use magic obediently of his own free will."
Fluttershy says: "And..."
Fluttershy says: "you really think I'll know best how to do that?"
Princess Celestia says: "I do."
Princess Celestia says: "Now, I must return to Canterlot for Equestria's royal summit."
Princess Celestia says: "You may release Discord when ready."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, ponies, guess it's time to get started."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Let's just hope this releasing spell works."
Spike says: "Or..."
Spike says: "let's not."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We'd best keep our elements on at all times 'til further notice."
Rest of main cast says: "Check!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What do you think you're doing?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Discord says: "Nnnnnnnnngh– Why, stretching, of course."
Discord says: "When you're a creature of chaos, stone bodysuits aren't your typical go-to fashion choice."
Discord says: "Nnngh..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Make that bunny cute again!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Now!"
Discord says: "Oh..."
Discord says: "He's adorable the way he is."
Discord says: "You know what else is adorable?"
Discord says: "You ponies truly believe that you can reform me, and that you're putting your faith in this one here to make it happen."
Discord says: "Makes me wanna pinch your little horsey cheeks..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "How'd you know about that?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Discord says: "Being turned to stone doesn't keep me from hearing every word Celestia says."
Discord says: "Although I admit it makes rolling my eyes a challenge."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, unless you want us to turn you back to stone, you'll zap those animals back the way they were, pronto!"
Discord says: "Oh, you wouldn't dare turn me back to stone and risk disappointing your precious princess."
Rainbow Dash says: "Try us, "Dip-cord"!"
Fluttershy says: "You think you can treat poor defenseless animals like that and get away with it?!"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You go, Fluttershy!"
Fluttershy says: "You'd best watch your step, buster, or I'll give you..."
Fluttershy says: "the Stare!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "If it turns out we need to use our elements against you, I'm sure we can convince Princess Celestia it was for a good reason!"
Discord says: "Mmm..."
Discord says: "I suppose that's correct."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, dear."
Fluttershy says: "He may be horrible, but that doesn't mean we have to act the same way."
Fluttershy says: "We should at least try to be hospitable."
Fluttershy says: "You don't mind giving up your favorite spot on the couch, do you, Angel Bunny?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I'm sorry about Angel."
Fluttershy says: "Are you alright?"
Discord says: "Oh, yes."
Discord says: "Thank you, Fluttershy, for your concern."
Discord says: "If only your pony friends could be as considerate..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Don't listen to him, Fluttershy!"
Rainbow Dash says: "He's just trying to drive a wedge between us like he always does."
Discord says: "Now why in the world would I ever try to do a thing like that?"
Rainbow Dash says: "So we can't unite and use the Elements of Harmony against you, that's why!"
Discord says: "I never thought of that..."
Rainbow Dash says: "You big liar!"
Discord says: "Now, look who's a liar."
Discord says: "Anyone can plainly see that I'm not big at all."
Discord says: "Oops."
Applejack says: "I can't watch..."
Rainbow Dash says: "We'll be outside."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You sure you're okay with this?"
Fluttershy says: "I know it's not gonna be easy, but Princess Celestia's counting on me."
Fluttershy says: "And..."
Fluttershy says: "I think I actually know what to do."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You do?"
Fluttershy says: "I think the key is to befriend him."
Fluttershy says: "Being kind to him and letting him be my house guest is probably the best way to do that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And you really think that'll work?"
Fluttershy says: "I think it's worth a try."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, but if you need us, all you need to do is whisper "help", and we'll be back here with our elements."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So watch that goat-legged step of yours, pal!"
Discord says: "Wh-what?!"
Discord says: "!"
Discord says: "Look at me!"
Discord says: "I'm practically reformed already."
Rarity says: "She's really alright with him staying there?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's what she said."
Rainbow Dash says: "Personally, I think we should come up with a backup plan, in case this whole "befriending" business doesn't work out."
Rarity says: "Rainbow Dash is right."
Rarity says: "This is Discord we are talking about, girls."
Rarity says: "It wouldn't be a bad idea to have another trick up our sleeves."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And I think I know just the trick."
Fluttershy says: "Discord?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, there you are."
Fluttershy says: "Listen, Discord, I just want to make sure you know that if there's anything I can do to– uh, umm, are you eating..."
Fluttershy says: "paper?"
Fluttershy says: "Well, um..."
Fluttershy says: "I'm just heading out, so you just make yourself at home while I'm gone."
Discord says: "Buh-bye, have a nice time!"
Discord says: "Everything is fine here."
Discord says: "Bye bye..."
Discord says: "Bye bye..."
Discord says: "You like carrots, Angel?"
Discord says: "I'm playing your owner for a fool!"
Discord says: "How d'ya like them carrots?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's weird."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The spell I had in mind isn't in here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike, where are the other books I asked you to pull?"
Spike says: "Right here, Twilight."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I really want to have a reforming spell up and running pronto."
Spike says: "But what if he makes the Elements of Harmony disappear like he did last time?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess Celestia cast a spell protecting them, remember?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh-oh."
Spike says: "What's wrong?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess Celestia didn't cast a spell protecting our books!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everywhere I thought I'd find the reforming spell..."
Discord says: "Are you sure this isn't overdoing it?"
Discord says: "You said to make myself at home while you were gone, but I wouldn't want to overstep my bounds."
Fluttershy says: "Nngh..."
Fluttershy says: "I did say that, so..."
Fluttershy says: "if this makes you more comfortable..."
Fluttershy says: "by all means, please feel free."
Discord says: "Oh."
Discord says: "Well, it does, very much so."
Discord says: "You're so very kind, my dear Fluttershy."
Discord says: "I always knew that you were the understanding one, not like those nasty friends of yours."
Fluttershy says: "My friends aren't nasty!"
Discord says: "Well, of course you'd say that."
Discord says: "It just goes to show how understanding you truly are."
Discord says: "You know, I think Princess Celestia is right when she singled you out as the one who could reform me."
Discord says: "You're off to such a good start, I'm seriously considering actually being reformed."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy, can you hear me?"
Fluttershy says: "Goodness!"
Fluttershy says: "I hear Twilight!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy, what's going on?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you okay?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "We're fine."
Fluttershy says: "Everything's going great."
Fluttershy says: "Isn't it, Angel?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We've come to get you away from Discord!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "He's just terrible and, from the looks of it, completely out of control!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, but you're wrong!"
Fluttershy says: "We're making great progress!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Seriously?!"
Spike says: "Seriously?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Spike says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "I'm earning his trust by giving him a little space to be himself."
Spike says: "Hate to break it to ya, but he used that "space to be himself" to tear out all the reforming spells from the library!"
Fluttershy says: "That does explain the paper eating..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "He ate them?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ugggghhhh!"
Fluttershy says: "But we aren't gonna need a spell."
Fluttershy says: "He's already really considering being reformed!"
Fluttershy says: "He said so."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And you believed him?"
Fluttershy says: "If I'm going to be his friend, I have to start by giving him the benefit of the doubt!"
Fluttershy says: "Tell you what."
Fluttershy says: "Bring all the ponies over for a dinner party this evening, and I'll bet his manners will have really improved by then."
Fluttershy says: "I'll even get him to put the cottage back on the ground first."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Alright."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Dinner it is."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh, I can't believe we're having a dinner party with Discord!"
Rarity says: "This evening is sure to be a disaster."
Rarity says: "Glad I didn't bother wearing my fanciest outfit."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy thinks this is the way to reform Discord and asked us to give it a chance."
Discord says: "Oh, our pony guests!"
Discord says: "We're so delighted that you've come."
Discord says: "Please, do come in."
Fluttershy says: "See what a beautiful job he did helping?"
Fluttershy says: "Discord set the entire table himself."
Fluttershy says: "I'm so proud."
Discord says: "May I take your..."
Discord says: "hats, ladies?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hang on to your elements, girls."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's gonna be a bumpy night."
Fluttershy says: "As you all know, Princess Celestia hoped we'd help Discord use his magic for good instead of evil."
Fluttershy says: "Pinkie Pie, care for some gravy?"
Pinkie Pie says: "You bet!"
Discord says: "Allow me."
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, what a cute little gravy boat you are!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yes you are!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yes you are!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That's one creepy little gravy boat if you ask me."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, come on now, Dashie."
Fluttershy says: "You're not even giving this a chance."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That's hot!"
Discord says: "Whoops!"
Discord says: "I'm so sorry!"
Rainbow Dash says: "He did that on purpose!"
Discord says: "Oh, well, I don't know about that."
Discord says: "Mistakes happen."
Discord says: "Oh, look, everypony, dancing candles!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm not falling for that!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Knock it off!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I suppose that's another "mistake"?"
Discord says: "No, I think you just made them mad."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There's something fishy going on."
Fluttershy says: "Discord?"
Discord says: "Well, it's hardly my fault if the soup tureen finds the term "something fishy" to be offensive."
Rarity says: "Not the dress!"
Rarity says: "Not the dress!"
Applejack says: "That tureen's only doin' what you're makin' it do!"
Fluttershy says: "Now let's not jump to any conclusions."
Rainbow Dash says: "Fluttershy!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Can't you see what he's doing?"
Rainbow Dash says: "He's playing innocent with you so you'll never agree to use the Elements of Harmony against him!"
Discord says: "Oh, well, that's a bit harsh, isn't it?"
Rainbow Dash says: "You see what I'm saying, right, Fluttershy?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Fluttershy!"
Fluttershy says: "You know what I see?"
Fluttershy says: "I see that Discord's far from perfect, but I also see none of you giving him a chance!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What's gotten into you?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Why do you keep cutting him so much slack?"
Fluttershy says: "Because that's what friends do."
Discord says: "We're friends?"
Fluttershy says: "Why, of course!"
Fluttershy says: "I can't remember my house ever being this lively before you came along."
Discord says: "Oh..."
Discord says: "Well, I've..."
Discord says: "never really had a friend before."
Fluttershy says: "Well, now you do!"
Fluttershy says: "Now is not a good time, Angel."
Fluttershy says: "We're having a dinner party."
Applejack says: "Hold up!"
Applejack says: "I-I think he's tryin' to tell us somethin'!"
Main cast sans Fluttershy says: "Apple!"
Main cast sans Fluttershy says: "Applejack!"
Applejack says: "Applejack!"
Rarity says: "Oh, oh, oh!"
Rarity says: "Sweet Apple Acres?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Flooding at Sweet Apple Acres!"
Rainbow Dash says: "And we all know who's behind that now, don't we?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Discord says: "Who, me?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, give it a rest!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What do you think of your "friend" now, Fluttershy?"
Applejack says: "I've never seen the floodin' this bad!"
Applejack says: "They've built dams 'round here before, but never like this!"
Applejack says: "What's goin' on?"
Fluttershy says: "It's no use."
Fluttershy says: "They won't listen to a word I say!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You see Discord's behind all this, right?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, of course I do!"
Fluttershy says: "Do you all think I'm a silly, gullible fool?"
Only in the sense.
Um, well...
Uh... uh, no, not exactly...
Fluttershy says: "I've just been trying to gain his friendship any way I can, so he'd come to trust and listen to me!"
Discord says: "Hey there, Fluttershy, you want a turn?"
Discord says: "The water's great!"
Fluttershy says: "Time to see if it worked."
Discord says: "Fluttershy, oh, there you are."
Discord says: "A sight for sore eyes."
Fluttershy says: "As you can see, there's a big mess down here at Sweet Apple Acres."
Discord says: "Oh, yes."
Discord says: "Awful business, that."
Discord says: "Mm."
Fluttershy says: "It is awful."
Fluttershy says: "This is Applejack's home, and it's being destroyed by innocent creatures who would never be acting this way if it weren't for your reckless behavior."
Fluttershy says: "You need to fix this."
Discord says: "Oh, yes, very well, I will fix it."
Discord says: "I only ask one thing in return."
Fluttershy says: "Yes?"
Discord says: "I ask that you never use your Element of Harmony against me."
Discord says: "As a sign of our friendship."
Fluttershy says: "I will never use my Element of Harmony against you."
Discord says: "Excellent!"
Fluttershy says: "Discord!"
Fluttershy says: "That's not fixing it!"
Fluttershy says: "Why, I oughta..."
Discord says: "Where are you going?"
Discord says: "What's wrong, pal?"
Fluttershy says: "Don't call me your pal!"
Discord says: "Oh, pfft, come skating with me, and we'll let bygones be bygones."
Spike says: "Here you go, Fluttershy!"
Spike says: "Game on!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "He fixes this or he goes back to being stone!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess Celestia will understand!"
Fluttershy says: "I made a promise not to use my element against him, and I'm going to keep it."
Discord says: "Hahah!"
Discord says: "You see?"
Discord says: "She wants to have fun with me because we're friends."
Discord says: "She can't use the elements against me because we're friends."
Discord says: "I'm free forever!"
Fluttershy says: "Not."
Fluttershy says: "Your."
Fluttershy says: "Friend!"
Discord says: "Who cares?"
Discord says: "I can do whatever I want, whenever I want."
Discord says: "I'm Discord, the master of chaos!"
Discord says: "You think you can boss Discord around?"
Discord says: "You think I'm just going to turn all this back because you say so?"
Discord says: "Because if I don't, I'll lose the one friend I ever had?"
Discord says: "Oh."
Discord says: "Oh."
Discord says: "Well played, Fluttershy."
Discord says: "Well played."
Discord says: "I like it better my way, but..."
Discord says: "I guess when you're friends, you can't always have things exactly your way all the time, eh?"
Discord says: "Yes, Princess, I'm ready to use my magic for good instead of evil."
Discord says: "Most of the time."
Princess Celestia says: "Congratulations on your success, ponies."
Princess Celestia says: "I definitely sense a big change in Discord."
Princess Celestia says: "I'll leave the Elements of Harmony with you, Twilight."
Princess Celestia says: "Just in case."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You were right when you said Fluttershy would be the one to find the way to reform Discord."
Twilight Sparkle says: "By treating Discord as a friend, she got him to realize that friendship was actually important to him."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And something that, once he had, he didn't want to lose."
Fluttershy says: "Go on."
Fluttershy says: "Say it..."
Discord says: "Friendship is magic."
Fluttershy says: "See?"
Fluttershy says: "He can be a real sweetheart once you get to know him."