Rarity says: "Hmm."
Rarity says: "Hah!"
Rarity says: "Perfect."
Applejack says: "Just take the broken limbs down, Rarity."
Applejack says: "Don't y'all care about nothin' other than prettifyin'?"
Rarity says: "Somepony has to."
Rarity says: "You were making an absolute mess of the town square, Applejack."
Applejack says: "Yeah, well, the storm's gonna make an even bigger mess if we don't prune all these loose branches so they don't tumble down on anypony."
Rarity says: "I simply cannot imagine why the Pegasus ponies would schedule a dreadful downpour this evening and ruin what could have been a glorious sunny day."
Applejack says: "Think more practical-like, will ya?"
Applejack says: "They accidentally skipped a scheduled sprinkle last week, so we need a doozy of a downpour to make up for it, is all."
Rarity says: "Oh no!"
Rarity says: "My wonderfully styled mane shall be ruined!"
Applejack says: "Ya shoulda hurried up and finished the job already."
Rarity says: "Oh!"
Rarity says: "Ah!"
Rarity says: "Oh!"
Rarity says: "Ph!"
Rarity says: "It's coming down too fast!"
Rarity says: "Ah!"
Rarity says: "Oh!"
Rarity says: "Oh!"
Rarity says: "Ah!"
Rarity says: "Help me!"
Applejack says: "Uh, there."
Applejack says: "Hunker down to yer heart's content whilst I finish things."
Rarity says: "Oh, no, no, no!"
Applejack says: "What now?"
Rarity says: "I prefer not to get my hooves muddy."
Applejack says: "Guh."
Applejack says: "There is just no pleasin' ya, is there?"
Applejack says: "Everything's got to be just so."
Rarity says: "Well, and how does muddying my hooves serve any useful purpose?"
Applejack says: "Y'all wouldn't know useful if it came up and bit'cha."
Rarity says: "That doesn't even make any sense."
Applejack says: "Does so."
Rarity says: "Does not."
Applejack says: "Does so."
Rarity says: "Does not."
Applejack says: "Does so."
Rarity says: "Does not."
Applejack says: "Does so infinity."
Applejack says: "Hah."
Rarity says: "Does not infinity plus one."
Rarity says: "Heh."
Rarity says: "What say we go our separate ways before one of us says something she will regret?"
Applejack says: "I reckon y'all are gonna say something you'll regret first."
Rarity says: "On the contrary, I believe it shall most certainly be you who says something you will regret first."
Applejack says: "I'm not sayin' anythin'."
Rarity says: "Nor am I."
Applejack says: "Y'all just be on yer way, then."
Rarity says: "After you!"
Rarity says: "Perhaps we should stick together for now and find some shelter."
Applejack says: "Uh-huh, perhaps we should."
Applejack says: "And fast."
Applejack says: "Heh."
Applejack says: "Nice and dry under here, sorta."
Rarity says: "Oh!"
Rarity says: "Unacceptable."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Applejack!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Applejack!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity!"
Applejack says: "Twilight?"
Rarity says: "Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come inside girls, quick."
Applejack says: "Whoa, nelly."
Applejack says: "Is inside a tree really the best place to be in a lightning storm?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It is if you have a magical lightning rod protecting your home like I do."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come on in!"
Rarity says: "Hah!"
Rarity says: "We are most grateful for your invitation."
Applejack says: "Thank ya kindly for yer hospitality."
Rarity says: "Uh, do be a polite house guest and go wash up please, won't you?"
Applejack says: "If I gotta spend one more second with that fussbudget Rarity today, I can't be held responsible for what I'm gonna do."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Some storm, huh?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Pegasus ponies sure have outdone themselves this time."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I hope you and Applejack don't have any trouble getting home."
Rarity says: "It may indeed be a problem."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, you're welcome to stay if need be."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike is away in Canterlot on royal business."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm home all alone tonight."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You and Applejack should totally sleep over!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We'll have a slumber party!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've always wanted one of those."
Rarity says: "Oh!"
Rarity says: "Uh, goodness."
Rarity says: "Uh, I do believe I have another engagement scheduled for this evening that completely slipped my mind until just now."
Rarity says: "Slumber 101: All You've Ever Wanted to Know About Slumber Parties But Were Afraid to Ask."
Twilight Sparkle says: "My own personal copy."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's a fantastic reference guide."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You should see the table of contents."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've been waiting for a chance to use it, and today is the day!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is gonna be so great!"
Rarity says: "Yes, uh, great."
Applejack says: "What in tarnation..."
Applejack says: "Now wait just a goll-darn minute."
Applejack says: "Ya make me wash the mud off my hooves, but it's okay for y'all to have mud all over yer faces?"
Rarity says: "Silly!"
Rarity says: "This is called a mud mask."
Rarity says: "It's to refresh and rejuvenate your complexion."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're giving each other makeovers!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Eee-hee!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We have to do it, it says so in the book."
Applejack says: "Slumber 101: Everything You..."
Applejack says: "Oh hey, heh, would'ja look at the time."
Applejack says: "I gotta skidaddle on home quick."
Applejack says: "I'm powerful late for, uh, fer somethin'."
Applejack says: "Uh, g'night."
Applejack says: "Or maybe I'll sit here for a spell."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hurray slumber party!"
Applejack says: "Blahch."
Applejack says: "What in the world is this for?"
Rarity says: "To reduce the puffiness around one's eyes, of course."
Applejack says: "Puffiness-schmuffiness!"
Applejack says: "That's good eatin'!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hee-hee!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Isn't this exciting?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We'll do everything by the book, and that will make my slumber party officially fun."
Rarity says: "Did you hear that, Applejack?"
Rarity says: "You certainly would not want to do anything that would ruin Twilight's very first slumber party, would you?"
Applejack says: "Of course not, 'n you wouldn't either, I reckon?"
Rarity says: "So do we have an agreement?"
Applejack says: "You betcha."
Rarity says: "Oh!"
Rarity says: "Gross!"
Rarity says: "You know, there's messy and there's just plain rude."
Applejack says: "You know, there's fussy, 'n there's just plain gettin' on my nerves."
Rarity says: "Fortunately, I can get along with anypony, no matter how difficult she may be."
Applejack says: "Oh yeah?"
Applejack says: "Well, I'm the "get-alongin-est" pony you're ever gonna meet."
Rarity says: "That's not even a word."
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is going to be the bestest slumber party ever!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yay!"
Applejack says: "Yay."
Rarity says: "Yay."
Rarity says: "So, how are you getting along over there, Applejack?"
Applejack says: "Just fine, Rarity."
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is so awesome!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Makeovers, check."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ooh, it says here we have to tell ghost stories."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Who wants to go first?"
Applejack says: "Me!"
Applejack says: "I'd like to tell y'all the terrifying tale of the prissy ghost who drove everypony crazy with her unnecessary neatness."
Applejack says: "Oo-oo!"
Applejack says: "I'm sure y'all are familiar with that one?"
Rarity says: "Never heard of it, but I have a much better one."
Rarity says: "It's the horrifying story of the messy, inconsiderate ghost who irritated everypony within a hundred miles!"
Rarity says: "Oo-oo!"
Applejack says: "That's not a real story."
Applejack says: "You made it up."
Rarity says: "It is a ghost story, they're all made up."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've got one!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This story is called The Legend of The Headless Horse."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It was a dark and stormy night, just like this one."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And three ponies were having a slumber party, just like this one..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "and just when the last pony thought she was safe, there, standing right behind her, just inches away was--The Headless Horse!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ghost story, check."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now, who wants s'mores?"
Rarity says: "Then you place one marshmallow on the top of the chocolate and be sure it's centered--that's critical--and then carefully put another perfectly square graham cracker on the top."
Rarity says: "And done."
Rarity says: "Ta-da!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ooo!"
Applejack says: "Nah, ya just eat 'em."
Rarity says: "You could at least say excuse me."
Applejack says: "Aw, I was just about to, but you interrupted me."
Applejack says: "Pardon."
Twilight Sparkle says: "S'mores, check."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now the next item of fun we have to do is Truth or Dare."
Rarity says: "I dare Applejack to do something carefully and neatly for a change."
Applejack says: "Oh yeah?"
Applejack says: "Well I dare Rarity ta lighten up and stop obsessin' over every last little detail, for a change."
Rarity says: "I think the truth of the matter is that somepony could stand to pay a little more attention to details."
Applejack says: "And I think the truth is somepony oughta quit with her fussin' so the rest of us can get things done."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Um, I don't think this is how the game's supposed to work."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You have to give an honest answer to any question or do whatever anypony dares you to do."
Applejack says: "I dares you to step outside and let your precious, tidy mane get ruined again."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You have to."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's the rule."
Applejack says: "Hah!"
Rarity says: "Fine!"
Rarity says: "Okay."
Rarity says: "I dare Applejack to play dress-up in a frou-frou, glittery, lacey outfit."
Applejack says: "Happy?"
Rarity says: "Very."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Um, do I ever get a turn?"
Applejack says: "I dare ya to enter the next rodeo when it comes to town."
Rarity says: "I dare you not to enter the next rodeo that comes to town."
Applejack says: "I dare ya to not comb your mane a hundred times before bed."
Rarity says: "And I dare you to comb yours just once."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I, uh, I think we should check off Truth or Dare and move on."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Let's see what our next fun-fun-fun thing is, shall we?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hm, what does this mean?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pillow fight?"
Rarity says: "Oh, please."
Rarity says: "I am not at all interested in participating in something so crude."
Rarity says: "Oh!"
Rarity says: "It!"
Rarity says: "Is!"
Rarity says: "On!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, I get it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pillow, fight!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fun!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ugh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ah."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh, girls?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe we should take it down a notch?"
Applejack says: "I will if she will."
Rarity says: "She started it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe we should just call it a night and get some sleep?"
Rarity says: "Keep your muddy hooves on your side of the bed."
Applejack says: "My hooves ain't muddy."
Rarity says: "They were."
Rarity says: "There might still be a little on them."
Applejack says: "There ain't."
Applejack says: "See?"
Rarity says: "Eww!"
Applejack says: "Now who's bein' inconsiderate?"
Rarity says: "I have to make the bed again so the blanket will be right."
Rarity says: "Get up."
Applejack says: "Hey!"
Rarity says: "Ah ah ah!"
Rarity says: "You'll ruin it."
Rarity says: "You have to do it like this."
Rarity says: "Mm, uh, ooh, u-u-u-uh, uh, ah."
Applejack says: "Yeah, that's not gonna happen."
Applejack says: "Geronimo!"
Rarity says: "Hey!"
Applejack says: "Ah."
Rarity says: "You did that on purpose."
Applejack says: "Um, yeah?"
Rarity says: "Get up so I can fix it again."
Applejack says: "Can't hear ya, I'm asleep."
Rarity says: "M-mmm!"
Applejack says: "I ain't budgin'."
Rarity says: "You will if you want any blankets."
Applejack says: "Give it back!"
Rarity says: "I will not!"
Applejack says: "Yes, you will!"
Rarity says: "Won't!"
Applejack says: "Will!"
Rarity says: "Won't!"
Applejack says: "Will!"
Rarity says: "Won't!"
Applejack says: "Will!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Enough!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It says right here that the number one thing you're supposed to do at a slumber party is have fun, and thanks to you two I can't check that off!"
Applejack says: "I've been tryin' my darndest to get along."
Rarity says: "No, it is I who have been trying my best."
Applejack says: "No, it was me."
Rarity says: "No, it was I."
Applejack says: "Me!"
Rarity says: "I!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I hope you're happy, both of you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You've ruined my very first slumber party."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The makeover, the s'mores, Truth or Dare, the pillow fight..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I mean, is there anything else that could possibly go wrong?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sorry I asked."
Applejack says: "Ya see?"
Applejack says: "That's why we needed to take down all those loose branches in town, not spiffy 'em up."
Applejack says: "Outta my way, missy!"
Applejack says: "Time's a-wastin'."
Rarity says: "Wait!"
Rarity says: "Stop!"
Rarity says: "Don't!"
Applejack says: "No waitin'!"
Applejack says: "No stoppin'!"
Applejack says: "Doin'!"
Applejack says: "And that, my friends, is what we call gettin' 'er done."
Rarity says: "I tried to tell you it would come crashing down in here."
Applejack says: "Well, ya shoulda tried harder."
Applejack says: "I'm mighty sorry, Twilight."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, it's not okay."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There's a giant tree branch in the middle of my bedroom, and the book doesn't say anything about having a giant tree branch at your slumber party."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Or at least I haven't found that entry yet."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ooh..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "ah!"
Applejack says: "What in tarnation are y'all doin' over there?"
Rarity says: "Cleaning up this mess somepony made."
Rarity says: "Who was that again?"
Rarity says: "Oh, right, that's you."
Applejack says: "We gotta do somethin'!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Baking..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "BFFs..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Brothers..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There's nothing in here about branches."
Applejack says: "Rarity, for pony's sake, stop sweatin' the small stuff and help me get rid of this thing!"
Applejack says: "I said hussle over here and help me!"
Applejack says: "Look, I'm sorry, all right?"
Rarity says: "What was that?"
Applejack says: "I said I'm sorry!"
Applejack says: "I shoulda listened to you when you noticed where this here branch would end up."
Applejack says: "Yer annoyin' attention to detail would'a saved us from this whole mess."
Applejack says: "But right now, ya need to stop bein' so dang fussy pickin' up all the little things and help me move the one big thing in here that actually matters!"
Applejack says: "Please!"
Rarity says: "Uh."
Rarity says: "Uh, but I'll get all icky."
Applejack says: "Consarnit!"
Applejack says: "What the..."
Applejack says: "eh..."
Applejack says: "you..."
Applejack says: "I mean, yes, ickiness is often a side effect of hard work."
Applejack says: "But y'all need to get over it, on account I just can't fix this mess I made myself."
Applejack says: "I need your help."
Rarity says: "Oh."
Rarity says: "Let's do this."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, they do have a section about backyard slumber parties."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Is that what we're doing right now?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Does this count as camping?"
Rarity says: "U-ugh."
Rarity says: "Oh, I look awful."
Applejack says: "Better?"
Rarity says: "Hmph, thanks."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, pretty!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Where did these come from?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "They're not in the book either."
Applejack says: "Is it bigger than a barn?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nope."
Rarity says: "Is it smaller than a saddle?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Only three of your twenty questions left!"
Applejack says: "We're never gonna guess what you're thinkin' of, it could be anythin'."
Rarity says: "Are we getting warmer?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Is it too cold in here for you?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can turn up the heat."
Applejack says: "She means are we gettin' any closer with our guesses?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And that technically counted as a question, so only two more left!"
Applejack says: "Is it..."
Applejack says: "a six-legged pony with a purple polka-dotted mane and shootin' stars comin' out of his eyes?"
Rarity says: "Who flies through the air all over the world to hide magic, sparkly eggs?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's it!"
Applejack says: "It is?"
Rarity says: "It is?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But it was just so nice to see you two finally getting along, I wanted you to be able to win together."
Twilight Sparkle says: "See?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We could have been having fun like this all along."
Applejack says: "If only somepony hadn't been so persnickety."
Rarity says: "Well, maybe she wouldn't have been if somepony else hadn't been so sloppy."
Applejack says: "Sorry for being such a pain in the patootie."
Rarity says: "Oh, no, I'm sure I was much worse."
Applejack says: "That's kind of ya to say, but I'm the one who's sorry."
Rarity says: "Oh, I'm much more sorry than you are."
Applejack says: "Ugh."
Applejack says: "Are not."
Rarity says: "Are too."
Applejack says: "Are not!"
Rarity says: "Are too."
Applejack says: "Are not."
Rarity says: "Are too."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I declare my first slumber party a success!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Have fun, check."
Rarity says: "Now take two steps to your left."
Rarity says: "Uh, no, my left."
Applejack says: "Whu, which is it?"
Rarity says: "Sorry."
It's hard to believe that two ponies who seem to have so little in common could ever get along. But I found out that if you embrace each other's differences, you just might be surprised to discover a way to be friends after all.
Twilight Sparkle says: "So, who's up for another slumber party tomorrow night?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ugh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "How about a week from Thursday?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, how about two weeks from Saturday?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "A month from now?"