Spike says: "No."
Spike says: "Nope."
Spike says: "Nope..."
Applejack says: "Thank you kindly, Twilight, for helping me out."
Applejack says: "I bet Big McIntosh I could get all these Golden Delicious in the barn by lunchtime."
Applejack says: "If I win, he's gonna walk down Stirrup Street in one of Granny's girdles."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No problem at all, Applejack."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm glad the goal is lunchtime."
Twilight Sparkle says: "All this hard work is making me hungry."
Spike says: "I know, right?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Puh-lease, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You've been lounging on my back all morning while we worked."
Spike says: "Exactly."
Spike says: "You two are taking so long, I missed snack-time."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Eh, I guess we better get some food."
Spike says: "Nope."
Spike says: "Worm."
Spike says: "A-ha!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh Spike, that looks delicious!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike."
Spike says: "What?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's a letter from Princess Celestia."
Spike says: "Hear ye, hear ye."
Spike says: "Her Grand Royal Highness, Princess Celestia of Equestria, is pleased to announce the Grand Galloping Gala to be held in the magnificent capital city of Canterlot, on the 21st day of, eh, yadda yadda yadda, cordially extends an invitation to Twilight Sparkle plus one guest."
Applejack says: "The Grand Galloping Gala!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Grand Galloping Gala!"
Applejack says: "The Grand Galloping Gala!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Grand Galloping Gala!"
Spike says: "Look, two tickets."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wow, great!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've never been to the gala."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Have you, Spike?"
Spike says: "No, and I plan to keep it that way."
Spike says: "I don't want any of that girly frilly frou-frou nonsense."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Aw, come on Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "A dance would be nice."
Applejack says: "Nice?"
Applejack says: "It's a heap good more than just nice."
Applejack says: "I'd love to go."
Applejack says: "Land sakes..."
Applejack says: "If I had an apple stand set up, ponies would be chowin' our tasty vittles 'til the cows came home."
Applejack says: "Do you have any idea how much business I could drum up for Sweet Apple Acres?"
Applejack says: "Why, with all that money, we could do a heap of fixin' up 'round here."
Applejack says: "We could replace that saggy old roof, and Big McIntosh could replace that saggy old plow, and Granny Smith could replace that saggy old hip."
Applejack says: "Why, I'd give my left hind leg to go to that gala."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, well in that case, would you like to—"
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh."
Rainbow Dash says: "Are we talking about the Grand Galloping Gala?"
Applejack says: "Rainbow Dash."
Applejack says: "You told me you were too busy to help me harvest apples."
Applejack says: "What were you busy doing?"
Applejack says: "Spyin'?"
Rainbow Dash says: "No, I was busy napping, and I just happened to hear that you have an extra ticket?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yeah, but—"
Rainbow Dash says: "YES!"
Rainbow Dash says: "This is so awesome."
Rainbow Dash says: "The Wonderbolts perform at the Grand Galloping Gala every year."
Rainbow Dash says: "I can see it now..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Everyone would be watching the sky."
Rainbow Dash says: "Their eyes riveted on the Wonderbolts, but then in would fly Rainbow Dash!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I would draw their attention with my Super Speed Strut."
Rainbow Dash says: "Then, I would mesmerize 'em with my Fantastic Filly Flash."
Rainbow Dash says: "And for my grand finale, the Buccaneer Blaze!"
Rainbow Dash says: "The ponies would go wild!"
Rainbow Dash says: "The Wonderbolts would insist that my signature moves be incorporated into their routine, and then welcome me as their newest member."
Rainbow Dash says: "Don't you see, Twilight?"
Rainbow Dash says: "This could be my one chance to show 'em my stuff."
Rainbow Dash says: "You gotta take me!"
Applejack says: "Hold on just one pony pickin' minute here."
Applejack says: "I asked for that ticket first."
Rainbow Dash says: "So?"
Rainbow Dash says: "That doesn't mean you own it."
Applejack says: "Oh, yeah?"
Applejack says: "Well I challenge you to a hoof-wrestle."
Applejack says: "Winner gets the ticket."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Girls, these are my tickets, I'll decide who gets it, thank you very much."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Whoever has the best reason to go should get the ticket, don't you think?"
Applejack says: "Drummin' up business for the farm?"
Rainbow Dash says: "A chance to audition for the Wonderbolts?"
Applejack says: "Money t' fix Granny's hip."
Rainbow Dash says: "Living the dream."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh my, those were all pretty good reasons, aren't they?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Listen to that, I am starving."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know about you, but I can't make important decisions on an empty stomach, so I'll, uh, think about it over lunch and get back to you two, okay?"
Applejack says: "Okay."
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay."
Spike says: "So, who you gonna give the ticket to, Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know Spike, but I really can't think straight when I'm hungry, so where should we eat?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Gah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Bats!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Bats on my face!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Help!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Wait, these aren't..."
Pinkie Pie says: "tickets to the Grand Galloping Gala?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's the most amazing incredible tremendous super-fun wonderful terrifically humongous party in all of Equestria!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I've always always always wanted to go!"
Pinkie Pie.
Oh the Grand Galloping Gala is the best place for me.
Oh the Grand Galloping Gala is the best place for me.
Hip hip.
Hooray!
It's the best place for me.
For Pinkie...
Pinkie Pie says: "With decorations like streamers and fairy-lights and pinwheels and piñatas and pin-cushions."
Pinkie Pie says: "With goodies like sugar cubes and sugar canes and sundaes and sun-beams and sarsaparilla."
Pinkie Pie says: "And I get to play my favorite-est of favorite fantabulous games like Pin the Tail on the Pony!"
Pinkie Pie.
Oh the Grand Galloping Gala is the best place for me.
Oh the Grand Galloping Gala is the best place for me.
In the whole galaxy.
Wheee!!
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh thank you, Twilight, it's the most wonderful-est gift ever."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Um, actually—"
Rarity says: "Are these what I think they are?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh—"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yes, yes, yes!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Twilight's taking me to the Grand Galloping Gala in Canterlot."
Rarity says: "The gala?"
Rarity says: "I design ensembles for the gala every year, but I've never had the opportunity to attend."
Rarity says: "Oh, the society, the culture, the glamour!"
Rarity says: "It's where I truly belong, and where I'm destined to meet him."
Pinkie Pie says: "Him!"
Pinkie Pie says: "..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Who?"
Rarity says: "Him."
Rarity says: "I would stroll through the gala, and everyone would wonder, "Who is that mysterious mare?"
Rarity says: "" They would never guess that I was just a simple pony from little old Ponyville."
Rarity says: "Why, I would cause such a sensation that I would be invited for an audience with Princess Celestia herself, and the princess would be so taken with the style and elegance that she would introduce me to him, her nephew: the most handsome, eligible unicorn stallion in Canterlot."
Rarity says: "Our eyes would meet, our hearts would melt."
Rarity says: "Our courtship would be magnificent."
Rarity says: "He would ask for my hoof in marriage, and of course I would say, "Yes!"
Rarity says: "" We would have a royal wedding, befitting a princess, which is  what I would become upon marrying him, the stallion of my dreams."
Rarity says: "Twilight, I simply cannot believe you would invite Pinkie Pie so she can..."
Rarity says: "party, and prevent me from meeting my true love."
Rarity says: "How could you?"
Rarity says: "Hmph."
Spike says: "Hey!"
Fluttershy says: "Angel, these are perfect."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh, listen guys, I haven't decided who to give the extra ticket to."
Rarity says: "You haven't?"
Pinkie Pie says: "You haven't?"
Fluttershy says: "Um, excuse me, Twilight."
Fluttershy says: "I would just like to ask, I mean, if it would be all right, if you haven't given it to someone else..."
Rarity says: "You?"
Rarity says: "You want to go to the gala?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, no."
Fluttershy says: "I mean, yes, or, actually, kind of."
Fluttershy says: "You see..."
Fluttershy says: "It's not so much the Grand Galloping Gala as it is the wondrous private gated garden that surrounds the dance."
Fluttershy says: "The flowers are said to be the most beautiful and fragrant in all of Equestria."
Fluttershy says: "For the night of the gala, and that night alone, would they all be in bloom..."
Fluttershy says: "and that's just the flora!"
Fluttershy says: "Don't get me started on the fauna."
Fluttershy says: "There's loons and toucans and bitterns, oh my!"
Fluttershy says: "Hummingbirds that can really hum, and buzzards that can really buzz."
Fluttershy says: "White-blue jays, and red jays, and green jays, pink jays and pink flamingos!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Gee, Fluttershy, it sounds..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "beautiful..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Wait just a minute."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow Dash!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Were you following me?"
Rainbow Dash says: "No."
Rainbow Dash says: "I mean, yes."
Rainbow Dash says: "I mean, maybe."
Rainbow Dash says: "Look, it doesn't matter."
Rainbow Dash says: "I couldn't risk a goody-four-shoes like you giving that ticket away to just anybody."
Applejack says: "Wait just another minute."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Applejack, were you following me too?"
Applejack says: "No."
Applejack says: "I was followin' this one to make sure she didn't try any funny business."
Applejack says: "Still trying to take mah ticket."
Rainbow Dash says: "Your ticket?"
Pinkie Pie says: "But Twilight's taking me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "QUIET!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And then I said, "Oatmeal, are you craz—"
Pinkie Pie says: "" oh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Girls, there's no use in arguing."
Rarity says: "But Twilight—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Eh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is my decision, and I'm gonna make it on my own, and I certainly can't think straight with all this noise..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "not to mention hunger."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now go on, shoo."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And don't worry, I'll figure this out..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "somehow."
Savoir Fare says: "Have you made your decision?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I CAN'T DECIDE!"
Spike says: "Twilight, he just wants to take your order."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I would love a daffodil and daisy sandwich."
Spike says: "Do you have any rubies?"
Spike says: "No?"
Spike says: "Okay."
Spike says: "I'll have the hay fries, extra crispy."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What do you think, Spike?"
Spike says: "I think we have to try another restaurant."
Spike says: "I mean, I like grass just fine, but would it hurt anybody to offer some gemstones?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I mean about the Gala and the ticket and who I should take."
Spike says: "Oh."
Spike says: "You're still on that?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike, listen."
Twilight Sparkle says: "How do I choose?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And when I do choose, will the other four be mad at me?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I mean, I could give up my ticket and give away two, but that would still leave three disappointed ponies."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What if I—"
Savoir Fare says: "Ah, your food."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh thank you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "This looks so good."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sure everything will be much clearer once I eat."
Savoir Fare says: "Em, madam?"
Savoir Fare says: "Are you going to eat your food in ze rain?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's not raining..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What's going on?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hi there, best friend forever I've ever ever had."
Rainbow Dash says: "Enjoying the sunny weather?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow Dash, what are you doing?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Whaddya mean?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I just saw the smartest, most generous pony about to get rained on, so I thought I'd kick a hole in the clouds to keep her dry so she could dine in peace, that's all."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow, you're not trying to get extra consideration for the extra ticket by doing me extra special favors, are you?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Me?"
Rainbow Dash says: "No no no, of course not."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh-huh."
Rainbow Dash says: "Seriously, I'd do it for anypony."
Rainbow Dash says: "Heh heh, eh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow, I am not comfortable accepting unwanted favors, so I'd appreciate it if you close up that rain cloud right now."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh, fine."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's better."
Rarity says: "Twilight, it's raining."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No, really?"
Rarity says: "Come with me before you catch a cold."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Heh heh, oops, sorry."
Rarity says: "Oh no, it's quite all right."
Rarity says: "After all, we are..."
Rarity says: "the best of friends, are we not?"
Rarity says: "And you know what the best of friends do?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh..."
Rarity says: "Makeovers!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ugh, Rarity, ow, this really isn't fixing it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I mean, thank you but, ooh, that's too tight."
Rarity says: "There."
Rarity says: "Oh, you're simply darling."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh, yeah, it is kinda pretty, isn't it?"
Rarity says: "And you."
Rarity says: "Oh Spike, I have a dandy little outfit for the dashing gent."
Spike says: "D-ah, ow, oh, hey, wow, watch it, whoa!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, Spike."
Rarity says: "Now you just need a hat."
Spike says: "Ugh, I told you, I don't want any part of this girly gala gunk."
Spike says: "See you back at the library."
Rarity says: "Oh, who needs him anyway."
Rarity says: "This is all about you, and how fabulous you'll look at the Grand Galloping Gala."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wait, the Grand—"
Rarity says: "and Twilight Sparkle, of course."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I see what's going on."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're just buttering me up so I give you the extra ticket."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well it's not gonna work."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're going to have to wait for my decision just like everyone else."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now if you'll excuse me, I've been trying all day just to get some lunch."
Applejack says: "Did somepony say lunch?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You've got to be kidding me!"
Applejack says: "I got apple pie, apple fritters, apple tarts, apple dumplings, apple crisps, apple crumblers, and apple Brown Betty."
Applejack says: "Uh, the dessert, not my auntie."
Applejack says: "What do you say there, best friend?"
Applejack says: "Is that a yes?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know who I'm giving the ticket to, and all these favors aren't making it any easier to decide."
Twilight Sparkle says: "In fact, I'm less sure now than I was this morning."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ugh!"
Applejack says: "So, that's a maybe?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ugh, I never thought being showered with favors would be so aggravating."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy, not you too?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, well, hello Twilight."
Fluttershy says: "I hope you don't mind, but we're all doing a little spring cleaning for you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's summer."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, well, better late than never, right?"
Fluttershy says: "It was Angel's idea."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're not doing this for the ticket, are you?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh no, I'm doing this because you're my very best friend."
Fluttershy says: "Right, Angel?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, yes, we are just doing this for the ticket."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No, no, no!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, this was all very nice of you and Angel, but I'm not accepting any extra favors until I've made my final decision, so I'm going to have to ask you to leave."
Ponies says: "SURPRISE!"
Pinkie Pie.
Twilight is my bestest friend.
Whoopie, whoopie!
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie..."
Pinkie Pie.
She's the cutest, smartest, all around best pony, pony!
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie."
Pinkie Pie.
I bet if I throw a super-duper fun party, party!
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie!"
Pinkie Pie.
She'll give her extra ticket to the Gala to me!
Twilight Sparkle says: "PIIINKIIIE!!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yes, Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "At least the other ponies tried to be subtle about the ticket."
Drizzle says: "Wait, what ticket?"
Drizzle says: "What gala?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, you didn't know?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Twilight has an extra ticket to the Grand Galloping Gala!"
Ponies says: "The Grand Galloping Gala?!"
Ponies says: "!"
[offscreen says: "Have I ever told you how much I love your mane?"
[offscreen says: "I'll wash your dishes."
Daisy says: "Would you like any help with your gardening?"
Shoeshine says: "I have a cartload of extra carrots."
[offscreen says: "I'll paint your cart."
Spike says: "What are we gonna do?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "gonna..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "run!"
Benny Hill-esque music.
[offscreen says: "I'll do your taxes!"
[offscreen says: "Where is she?"
[offscreen says: "Where did she go?"
[offscreen says: "She's disappeared."
Spike says: "Ugh..."
Spike says: "Warn me next time you're gonna do that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I didn't even know it was gonna happen."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now quick, lock the doors!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Phew."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yaaaargh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't decide, I just can't decide!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's important to all of you and I just can't stand to disappoint any of you, and giving me gifts and doing me favors won't make any difference, because you're all my friends and I wanna make you all happy and I can't, I just can't!"
Applejack says: "Twilight, sugar, I didn't mean to put so much pressure on you, and if it helps, I don't want the ticket anymore."
Applejack says: "You can give it to somepony else."
Applejack says: "I won't feel bad, I promise."
Fluttershy says: "Me too."
Fluttershy says: "I feel just awful that I made you feel so awful."
Pinkie Pie says: "And me too."
Pinkie Pie says: "It's no fun upsetting your friends."
Rarity says: "Twilight, it was unfair of me to try to force you as I did."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yes!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That means the ticket is mine."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ha ha,  I got the ticket, I got the ticket—"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You know, I haven't perfected my signature moves for the Wonderbolts anyway."
Rainbow Dash says: "I don't need that ticket either."
Applejack says: "We all got so gun-ho about going to the gala that we couldn't see how un-gun-ho we were making you."
Rest of main cast says: "We're sorry, Twilight."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike, take down a note."
I've learned that one of the joys of friendship is sharing your blessings, but when there's not enough blessings to go around, having more than your friends can make you feel pretty awful. So, though I appreciate the invitation, I will be returning both tickets to the Grand Galloping Gala.
Rest of main cast says: "What?!"
Rest of main cast says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "If my friends can't all go, I don't wanna go either."
Applejack says: "Twilight, you don't have to do that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nope."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've made up my mind."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike, you can send the letter now."
Fluttershy says: "Now you won't get to go to the gala either."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's okay, girls."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I couldn't possibly enjoy myself without my best friends there with me..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So I would rather not go at all."
Spike says: "Hgh..."
Spike says: "hgh..."
Spike says: "urk..."
Spike says: "urk..."
Applejack says: "Well wallop my withers, Spike."
Applejack says: "Isn't that just like a boy?"
Applejack says: "Can't handle the least bit of sentiment."
Applejack says: "Whoa Nelly!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "A letter from the princess?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That was fast."
Why didn't you just say so in the first place?" Six tickets to the Grand Galloping Gala.
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now we can all go!"
Rarity says: "Allow us to treat you to dinner."
Rainbow Dash says: "What a great way to apologize."
Pinkie Pie says: "And to celebrate!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Come on everyone, the cupcakes are on me!"
Spike says: "How come I don't get a ticket to the gala?"
Spike says: "Hurk!"