Cheerilee says: "Today, we have two special guests with a very special announcement!"
Cheerilee says: "Everypony, welcome the head of the Equestria Games, Ms."
Cheerilee says: "Harshwhinny!"
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Thank you."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Now, I'm sure you all know about the Equestria Games, where ponies from all over the land compete for glory in various athletic pursuits."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Well, now you littlest ones will have the chance to compete for a weighty responsibility of your very own."
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, come on!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Tell 'em the fun part!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That's right!"
Rainbow Dash says: "All you gotta do is show Ms."
Rainbow Dash says: "Harshwhinny the coolest, most spectacular, most rocking routine and you're going to the Games!"
Rainbow Dash says: "So who's going to be the lucky ponies?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Diamond Tiara says: "It's gotta be me!"
Aura says: "Maybe it's me!"
Scootaloo says: "Maybe it's us!"
Snips says: "Maybe it's us!"
Snails says: "Maybe it's us!"
Snips says: "Hey!"
Snips says: "It could happen!"
Rainbow Dash says: "So, the winning team gets to carry the Ponyville flag at the Equestria Games!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, you are gonna love this!"
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Ms."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Dash, will you please curb your over-enthusiastic outbursts?"
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Now then, let me be clear on the rules."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "You ponies will form teams."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Each team will create their own flag carrying routine."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Everypony will be judged on grace, style and originality."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "There's a most complicated scoring system, which I will elaborate upon now."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Firstly—"
Rainbow Dash says: "Aw, get to the nitty-gritty later."
Rainbow Dash says: "Tell 'em the important stuff!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Like who's the coach!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That's right!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Me!"
Rainbow Dash says: "And you know why I'm qualified to coach you?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Guess who carried the Cloudsdale flag in the Games when she was a little filly?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Me!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'll never forget it—"
Rainbow Dash says: "I burst into the stadium, spreading my wings, the flag flapping in the breeze."
Rainbow Dash says: "I did tricks with that flag the likes of which nopony saw before and nopony's seen since!"
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Professionalism, Ms."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Dash."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "I must insist."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "If you want to keep your job as coach of these ponies, you must maintain a professional attitude and keep your emotions in check!"
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Am I making myself absolutely, one hundred percent crystal clear?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yes, Ms."
Rainbow Dash says: "Harshwhinny."
Rainbow Dash says: "Y'know, "professionalism" is my middle name."
Rainbow Dash says: "Rainbow Professionalism Dash."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Hmph!"
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Well, in three days time, Ms."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Dash will accompany anypony competing to the Crystal Empire, where you will demonstrate your routines for me and the other judges, who will judge you very professionally."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ahem."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yes."
Rainbow Dash says: "Quite, quite correct."
Rainbow Dash says: "In the meantime, get ready to train, and train hard, because I know this opening ceremony is the single most important thing that will ever happen in your young lives!"
Rainbow Dash says: "But, I know you're up for the challenge."
Rainbow Dash says: "And so am I!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Wooho—"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ahem..."
Rainbow Dash says: "meet me after school tomorrow at 1500 hours."
Rainbow Dash says: "Sharp."
Rainbow Dash says: "And show me your flag carrying skills."
Rainbow Dash says: "I am outta here."
Rainbow Dash says: "Professionally."
Rainbow Dash says: "See how professionally?"
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Ugh."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Ponies, the most important thing is this: Your routine needs to show what your town means to you."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "So, do Ponyville proud."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Work hard, be bold, wow me."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "That is all!"
Scootaloo says: "So what do you say we come up with the perfect routine and win this thing?"
Apple Bloom says: "I'd say that's rootin'-tootin' terrific!"
Sweetie Belle says: "But there's one problem!"
Sweetie Belle says: "I bet everypony in class is planning to compete!"
Scootaloo says: "Listen."
Scootaloo says: "Somepony in our class is gonna carry that flag, so it might as well be us!"
Scootaloo says: "Crusaders, are you in or are you in?"
Scootaloo says: "'Cause I'm in!"
Apple Bloom says: "Me too!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Me three!"
Scootaloo says: "Alright, the winning routine needs to show what's important about Ponyville, right?"
Apple Bloom says: "Right!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Right!"
Scootaloo says: "So..."
Scootaloo says: "what's special about Ponyville?"
Scootaloo says: "It's..."
Scootaloo says: "it's..."
Scootaloo says: "I got it!"
Scootaloo says: "It's a place where different kinds of ponies live together as friends!"
Apple Bloom says: "Earth ponies like me!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Unicorns like me!"
Scootaloo says: "And Pegasi like me!"
Scootaloo says: "So somehow we got to figure out a way to show that in our act."
Sweetie Belle says: "We're gonna need a plan."
Apple Bloom says: "And a lot of hard work!"
Scootaloo says: "And a whole bunch of practice!"
Scootaloo says: "But take it from me; we may just be little ponies, but we have hearts as strong as horses!"
Apple Bloom, Scootaloo, and Sweetie Belle.
We're the toughest little ponies in town.
Got the moves, got the mojo, no harder working ponies around.
We are a trio, work as a team.
We'll be the first ponies out on the flag-waving scene.
We get going when the going gets tough.
We know our very best is just never enough.
We're kinda short, but so what? We don't get defeated.
We could take a little break, but we don't need it.
We've got hearts as strong as horses.
We've got hearts as strong as horses.
We've got hearts as strong as horses.
We've got hea-a-a-arts, hearts strong as horses.
When we put our minds together, we can achieve.
We're the Cutie Mark Crusaders, and you should believe.
We've got determination to represent the nation.
For the win.
We've got hearts as strong as horses.
We've got hearts as strong as horses.
We've got hearts as strong as horses.
And we're playing to win as we gallop to glory.
We can conquer any challenge we're in.
We've got hea-a-a-arts, hearts strong as horses.
Hearts strong as horses.
Crusaders says: "Whoa!"
Crusaders says: "Oof!"
Diamond Tiara says: "If that's the best you've got, we're going to win for sure."
Silver Spoon says: "We already have the most divine routine planned."
Diamond Tiara says: "It's absolutely sure to crush everyone else – and I mean crush."
Scootaloo says: "But we're winners!"
Scootaloo says: "And we have  hearts—"
Silver Spoon says: "Sure."
Silver Spoon says: "But you know what you don't have?"
Diamond Tiara says: "Your cutie marks!"
Silver Spoon says: "Your cutie marks!"
Diamond Tiara says: "Blank flanks, blank flanks, blank flanks!"
Silver Spoon says: "Blank flanks, blank flanks, blank flanks!"
Apple Bloom says: "What does that have to do with flag carryin'?"
Silver Spoon says: "Having cutie mark-less ponies represent Ponyville would be unthinkable."
Diamond Tiara says: "And we, of course, already have our cutie marks."
Diamond Tiara says: "So we know who's gonna be in the winner's circle."
Scootaloo says: "Listen, you two!"
Scootaloo says: "Cutie marks or no cutie marks, you'll see!"
Scootaloo says: "The Crusaders are gonna carry that flag at the Games."
Silver Spoon says: "May the best ponies win!"
Scootaloo says: "Game on!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Show me what you got, Cutie Mark Crusaders, and make it good!"
Scootaloo says: "Don't worry, we will!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Now, this is just a little something we threw together."
Sweetie Belle says: "It's not perfect yet, not even close."
Diamond Tiara says: "Let's watch the Cutie Mark "Goof-saders" do their saddle routine."
Silver Spoon says: "They're gonna be a hot mess!"
Scootaloo says: "Since the dawn of recorded time, in one town of amazing amazingness, three types of ponies coexist!"
Apple Bloom says: "We are Earth ponies!"
Sweetie Belle says: "We are unicorns!"
Scootaloo says: "We are Pegasi!"
Scootaloo says: "And the town where friendship reigns is our home."
Scootaloo says: "Now, welcome to the stadium, the flag of the place we love best..."
Crusaders says: "Ponyville forever!"
Crusaders says: "Yay!"
Scootaloo says: "It's kind of a work in progress."
Scootaloo says: "So?"
Scootaloo says: "What did you think?"
Rainbow Dash says: "That was ama—"
Rainbow Dash says: "overall, it was okay."
Rainbow Dash says: "Keep working hard."
Rainbow Dash says: "Who knows?"
Rainbow Dash says: "You might have a shot."
Rainbow Dash says: "Gotta go!"
Apple Bloom says: "Do y'all think she liked it?"
Sweetie Belle says: "I'm not really sure."
Scootaloo says: "You heard her!"
Scootaloo says: "If we keep working hard, we might have a shot!"
Scootaloo says: "So let's keep working!"
Scootaloo says: "Trot to it, ponies!"
Diamond Tiara says: "Did you see that?!"
Diamond Tiara says: "!"
Diamond Tiara says: "I can't believe I'm saying this."
Diamond Tiara says: "They could win!"
Silver Spoon says: "But how do we stop them?"
Silver Spoon says: "We already called them blank flanks!"
Diamond Tiara says: "Then we need to find a new way to get under their skin."
Diamond Tiara says: "Or maybe..."
Diamond Tiara says: "get under their wings."
Diamond Tiara says: "Girls, we just wanted to say your act is quite impressive!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Wait..."
Sweetie Belle says: "what?"
Apple Bloom says: "Um..."
Apple Bloom says: "thanks?"
Silver Spoon says: "Oh, but of course."
Silver Spoon says: "As a matter of fact, we think you're very brave."
Scootaloo says: "Brave?"
Scootaloo says: "Why?"
Diamond Tiara says: "Isn't it obvious?"
Diamond Tiara says: "It is to us."
Diamond Tiara says: "In fact, it's obvious to everypony."
Diamond Tiara says: "You're showing all three types of Ponyville ponies, yet you have a Pegasus pony..."
Diamond Tiara says: "..."
Silver Spoon says: "..."
Diamond Tiara says: "who can't even fly!"
Silver Spoon says: "who can't even fly!"
Apple Bloom says: "What in tarnation does that have to do with anything?"
Silver Spoon says: "I'd say not even being able to fly has everything to do with everything."
Silver Spoon says: "Doesn't it?"
Diamond Tiara says: "I mean, a Pegasus pony at your age?"
Diamond Tiara says: "You should've been flying long ago."
Scootaloo says: "So what if my wings can't get me off the ground?"
Diamond Tiara says: "Your career as a flag carrier isn't getting off the ground either."
Silver Spoon says: "Ms."
Silver Spoon says: "Harshwhinny will never pick a Pegasus pony who can't fly to represent Ponyville in front of all of Equestria."
Sweetie Belle says: "Ms."
Sweetie Belle says: "Harshwhinny never said anything about that!"
Silver Spoon says: "I would've thought that was obvious."
Diamond Tiara says: "Well, have fun practicing anyway, even if your routine will never—"
Diamond Tiara says: "how shall I say—"
Diamond Tiara says: "take off!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Don't listen to them, Scootaloo."
Sweetie Belle says: "Scootaloo?"
Sweetie Belle says: "You okay?"
Scootaloo says: "This routine isn't working how it is."
Scootaloo says: "We've gotta rethink my part in the whole thing."
Sweetie Belle says: "What?"
Apple Bloom says: "Why?"
Scootaloo says: "If we wanna win, I'm gonna have to fly!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Is that even possible?"
Apple Bloom says: "And by tomorrow?"
Scootaloo says: "Maybe I can win if I work twice as hard."
Scootaloo says: "See?"
Scootaloo says: "Oof!"
Scootaloo says: "Maybe..."
Scootaloo says: "three times as hard."
Apple Bloom says: "Golly, I don't know, Scootaloo, I don't think that's the problem."
Scootaloo says: "Well, I know this for sure – flying is the only way we're gonna win, so it's back to practice!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Is this a good idea?"
Scootaloo says: "Whoaaaaa!"
Scootaloo says: "I'll just work four times as hard!"
Apple Bloom says: "Probably not."
Scootaloo says: "Guys, guys, guys!"
Scootaloo says: "Try it again!"
Apple Bloom says: "But we've been rehearsin' all the livelong day!"
Apple Bloom says: "We're gettin' tired!"
Scootaloo says: "Fine!"
Scootaloo says: "We'll skip to my big impressive flying entrance."
Scootaloo says: "So you've done the do-si-do to the left, then to the right, and then there's the hoop."
Scootaloo says: "Then I come in—"
Scootaloo says: "Not quite what I had in mind."
Scootaloo says: "We'll just..."
Scootaloo says: "try that part again."
Apple Bloom says: "I liked the routine the way it was!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Me too!"
Sweetie Belle says: "But all she cares about now is flying!"
Scootaloo says: "Don't worry, I'll be flying high tomorrow on our final run-through for Rainbow Dash."
Scootaloo says: "I'm gonna get this, you'll see."
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay, Cutie Mark Crusaders, this is your final run before you show it at the stadium tomorrow."
Rainbow Dash says: "I know you're gonna absolutely, positively—"
Rainbow Dash says: "have a lot of fun, heheh."
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay, go!"
Scootaloo says: "Ponyville!"
Scootaloo says: "Home of the, um..."
Apple Bloom says: "Friendship!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Friendship!"
Scootaloo says: "Ah, friendship, right!"
Scootaloo says: "Uh, there are four—"
Scootaloo says: "no, three kinds of ponies."
Sweetie Belle says: "Left, left!"
Apple Bloom says: "I'm sorry!"
Apple Bloom says: "I'm just tired!"
Apple Bloom says: "And then I dip, and then we turn, and—"
Apple Bloom says: "Sorry!"
Scootaloo says: "Ta-da!"
Scootaloo says: "Oof!"
Scootaloo says: "So?"
Scootaloo says: "What'cha think?"
Rainbow Dash says: "That's..."
Rainbow Dash says: "y'know..."
Rainbow Dash says: "good and all, heheh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "I just thought..."
Rainbow Dash says: "maybe possibly you might wanna go back to, say, the first version of the act, which was, I dunno, what's the word, better?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Just do the routine as it was!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Don't mess with success, right?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Seriously."
Rainbow Dash says: "Now I need to..."
Rainbow Dash says: "go coach these other ponies!"
Rainbow Dash says: "And don't forget, we've got to catch the early train for the Crystal Empire."
Rainbow Dash says: "See you in the morning!"
Scootaloo says: "What are we gonna do?!"
Scootaloo says: "!"
Scootaloo says: "We're competing tomorrow, and I still can't fly!"
Scootaloo says: "Unless..."
Sweetie Belle says: "I'm just too tired!"
Sweetie Belle says: "I can't keep going!"
Apple Bloom says: "Me too!"
Apple Bloom says: "I'm tired, I'm hungry, and now I hate this routine!"
Apple Bloom says: "It feels like it's all about you now!"
Sweetie Belle says: "She's right."
Sweetie Belle says: "It's like you don't even need us anymore!"
Scootaloo says: "Of course I need you!"
Scootaloo says: "Without you two, who's gonna hold up the hoop?"
Apple Bloom says: "Rrgh!"
Apple Bloom says: "You don't listen to yourself!"
Apple Bloom says: "Forget it."
Apple Bloom says: "I'm goin' home to get some sleep."
Scootaloo says: "So?"
Scootaloo says: "Are you gonna leave me too?"
Sweetie Belle says: "We've gotta catch the early train to the Crystal Empire."
Sweetie Belle says: "I'd better get some rest."
Sweetie Belle says: "See you in the morning, Scootaloo."
Scootaloo says: "Come on, Scootaloo!"
Scootaloo says: "Do it for Ponyville!"
Scootaloo says: "Just got to try twenty times as hard!"
Scootaloo says: "Thirty times as hard..."
Scootaloo says: "!"
Scootaloo says: "Oof!"
Scootaloo says: "Just..."
Scootaloo says: "a little..."
Scootaloo says: "harder!"
Scootaloo says: "I can't fly."
Scootaloo says: "I just..."
Scootaloo says: "can't."
Train conductor says: "Crystal Empire!"
Train conductor says: "All aboard!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Scootaloo?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Where is she?"
Apple Bloom says: "She'd better get here soon!"
Apple Bloom says: "This here train is about to leave!"
Scootaloo says: "Here I am..."
Apple Bloom says: "We were scared you were gonna miss the train!"
Scootaloo says: "I..."
Scootaloo says: "I'm not going."
Apple Bloom says: "What?!"
Sweetie Belle says: "What?!"
Apple Bloom says: "!"
Sweetie Belle says: "!"
Scootaloo says: "I'm the weak link."
Scootaloo says: "If I go, and fall, flop, or do anything but fly, I'm gonna blow it for you two."
Sweetie Belle says: "I can't believe you're quitting on us!"
Scootaloo says: "But you're better off without me!"
Sweetie Belle says: "But that's not true, Scootaloo!"
Apple Bloom says: "You know what, Sweetie Belle?"
Apple Bloom says: "Forget it."
Apple Bloom says: "If she's gonna quit, we don't want her, and we don't need her!"
Scootaloo says: "Fine!"
Apple Bloom says: "Fine!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Fine..."
Train conductor says: "All aboard!"
Rainbow Dash says: "How's my favorite routine going today?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, I just can't keep it in!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I want you to win so bad!"
Rainbow Dash says: "through the hoop!"
Apple Bloom says: "Well, there ain't gonna be a Scootaloo."
Sweetie Belle says: "She's staying home."
Rainbow Dash says: "She's what?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Apple Bloom says: "She got it in her head that the only way to represent Ponyville was by flyin' in our routine!"
Apple Bloom says: "When she couldn't do it, she told us that she was quittin'."
Rainbow Dash says: "And then you tried to stop her from doing that, right?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Well, actually, we kinda told her..."
Apple Bloom says: "..."
Apple Bloom says: "uh, that we didn't want a quitter."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hang on."
Rainbow Dash says: "Are you nuts?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You're a team, and a team never leaves a friend behind!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Come on!"
Diamond Tiara says: "Sorry you can't make it!"
Diamond Tiara says: "We'll take a picture for you from the winner's circle!"
Sweetie Belle says: "I do not like them one bit."
Rainbow Dash says: "Put on some speed, girls!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Throwing away your scooter?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Scootaloo says: "Rainbow Dash?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yup, but not just me."
Scootaloo says: "I don't wanna see them."
Scootaloo says: "And what are they doing here, anyway?"
Scootaloo says: "They're supposed to be on the train."
Apple Bloom says: "We're not goin'."
Sweetie Belle says: "Not without you, Scootaloo."
Rainbow Dash says: "What's gotten into you, Scootaloo?"
Scootaloo says: "I didn't want to ruin their chance to win just because I couldn't fly."
Rainbow Dash says: "And who said you had to?"
Scootaloo says: "But flying's what Pegasus ponies are supposed to do!"
Scootaloo says: "You flew when you carried the flag in the games!"
Rainbow Dash says: "But that was me!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You're you!"
Rainbow Dash says: "And it just doesn't matter if you can fly or not."
Rainbow Dash says: "Your routine was amazing 'cause it represented exactly what makes Ponyville special."
Rainbow Dash says: "You do still know what that is, right?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Friendship."
Apple Bloom says: "Three kinds of ponies livin' together as friends."
Apple Bloom says: "Just like us."
Apple Bloom says: "Earth ponies..."
Sweetie Belle says: "..."
Sweetie Belle says: "unicorns..."
Scootaloo says: "..."
Scootaloo says: "and Pegasi."
Scootaloo says: "But Rainbow Dash..."
Scootaloo says: "what if..."
Scootaloo says: "what if my wings never grow?"
Scootaloo says: "What if I never fly?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Listen, Scootaloo."
Rainbow Dash says: "Maybe you'll fly someday, or maybe you won't."
Rainbow Dash says: "You're all kinds of awesome anyway."
Rainbow Dash says: "Who's the toughest little pony in town?"
Sweetie Belle.
Got the moves, got the mojo...
Apple Bloom.
No harder working pony around.
Scootaloo.
We are a trio, work as a team.
Apple Bloom, Scootaloo, and Sweetie Belle.
We'll be the first ponies out on the flag-waving scene.
Scootaloo says: "So let's get to the Crystal Empire and let's do the routine as it was!"
Scootaloo says: "And let's win this thing!"
Apple Bloom, Scootaloo, and Sweetie Belle.
We've got hearts as strong as horses.
We've got hearts as strong as horses.
We've got hearts as strong as horses.
And we're playing to win as we gallop to glory.
We can conquer any challenge we're in.
We've got hea-a-a-arts, hearts strong as horses.
Hearts strong as horses.
Crusaders says: "Ponyville forever!"
Crusaders says: "Yay!"
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "In the Equestria Games, the Ponyville flag will be carried by..."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "'Cutie Mark Crusaders'!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ahem."
Rainbow Dash says: "Look."
Rainbow Dash says: "What you three did was..."
Rainbow Dash says: "acceptable."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Acceptable?"
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Acceptable?!"
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "!"
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Why, it was totally stupendously the single most amazing thing I've ever seen!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Contain your excitement, Ms."
Rainbow Dash says: "Harshwhinny."
Rainbow Dash says: "Remember – professionalism."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Ahem."
Scootaloo says: "You know what this means, right?"
Apple Bloom says: "What?"
Scootaloo says: "We are totally gonna get cutie marks in flag-carrying!"
Apple Bloom says: "Yeah!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Yeah!"