Twilight Sparkle says: "The Tree of Harmony remains one of the most powerful sources of magic known to ponydom."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And though it has been at the "root" of magic and friendship from the moment it was planted, its ways are mysterious."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Almost as if it has a mind of its own."
Smolder says: "Mind?"
Smolder says: "It's a tree."
Twilight Sparkle says: "A tree that grew a castle."
Silverstream says: "Was that before or after Discord made chocolate rain?"
Cozy Glow says: "After."
Gallus says: "I'm never gonna learn pony history!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You can all show me what you've learned on tomorrow's test – "Friendship's Effect on the Course of Equestrian History"."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Remember!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Study groups are both fun and effective!"
Sandbar says: "So, who wants to study together?"
Gallus says: "With other students?"
Gallus says: "This is Equestria!"
Gallus says: "If you want the real scoop, there's only one place to go."
Gallus says: "Hello, oh maaaaagical Equestrian tree!"
Gallus says: "Can you tell me everything I need to know about friendship?"
Smolder says: "The Elements of Harmony grew the Tree?"
Ocellus says: "No!"
Ocellus says: "The Pillars grew the Tree."
Sandbar says: "The Tree grew the Elements, and then the box with six locks."
Ocellus says: "But our professors found six keys and unlocked the box."
Gallus says: "I'm so gonna fail."
Silverstream says: "You guys!"
Silverstream says: "Check this out!"
Gallus says: "That's a plumbing diagram on how to fix a sink."
Sandbar says: "What does that have to do with Equestrian history?"
Silverstream says: "Nothing."
Silverstream says: "I just can't believe that's how sinks work!"
Silverstream says: "Where's Yona?"
Smolder says: "yaks no love study groups!"
Gallus says: "Shhhh."
Yona says: "Spider!"
Yona says: "No!"
Sandbar says: "Hey, Cozy."
Sandbar says: "What are you doing here?"
Cozy Glow says: "I volunteered to help Professor Sparkle organize these books."
Cozy Glow says: "So, experts on Equestrian history yet?"
Gallus says: "I think I'd be better off studying the plumbing book."
Gallus says: "This stuff is impossible."
Ocellus says: "Oh, come on, Gallus!"
Ocellus says: "With good friends and solid study habits, anything is possible!"
Smolder says: "How about you just tell us what's on tomorrow's test, professor?"
Ocellus says: "Now, hold on a sec."
Ocellus says: "I can't give y'all a sneak peek."
Ocellus says: "That there wouldn't be honest."
Cozy Glow says: "Golly, it's so inspiring how relaxed you all are about studying friendship, considering your disadvantage."
Yona says: "What cute pony mean?"
Cozy Glow says: "Just consider where you all came from."
Cozy Glow says: "If Sandbar hadn't sacrificed so much of his time to get you up to speed, who knows how behind you'd be?"
Sandbar says: "That's..."
Sandbar says: "not what—"
Cozy Glow says: ""Everypony know yaks think yaks are best!"
Cozy Glow says: "" Making friends with any other creature must seem like a step down."
Cozy Glow says: "It's just so impressive how you keep trying to understand friendship, even though it isn't in your nature."
Cozy Glow says: "Oh!"
Cozy Glow says: "I'll let you borrow my notes!"
Cozy Glow says: "It's what friends do."
Cozy Glow says: "I'll be right back!"
Silverstream says: "We..."
Silverstream says: "should..."
Silverstream says: "get back to studying."
Gallus says: "Could you stop that clicking?!"
Gallus says: "!"
Gallus says: "I'm trying to focus!"
Sandbar says: "Dude!"
Gallus says: "What?"
Gallus says: "We have a test."
Gallus says: "I don't know every detail about every adventure the professors went on like you do."
Ocellus says: "That's why we're studying together."
Smolder says: "Right."
Smolder says: "To help us "disadvantaged" creatures."
Yona says: "Yona confused."
Yona says: "Why we all upset?"
Silverstream says: "I only glanced at that plumbing book, but I'm pretty sure this isn't supposed to be here."
Ocellus says: "What are you doing?"
Smolder says: "Dragon."
Smolder says: "Strange magical cave."
Smolder says: "What do you think I'm doing?"
Silverstream says: "Did we know this was down here?"
Sandbar says: "I don't think anypony knows this is down here."
Illusion Twilight Sparkle says: "Welcome."
Sandbar says: "Headmare Twilight?"
Sandbar says: "Where are we?"
Illusion Twilight Sparkle says: "Where you need to be."
Yona says: "Uh, Yona confused."
Illusion Twilight Sparkle says: "It is as I feared."
Illusion Twilight Sparkle says: "You are not one."
Illusion Twilight Sparkle says: "What has happened?"
Ocellus says: "We were studying friendship's effect on history, but then..."
Gallus says: "Since friendship just isn't in our nature, what's the point?"
Illusion Twilight Sparkle says: "You do not believe friendship is in your nature?"
Illusion Twilight Sparkle says: "That is NOT acceptable!"
Silverstream says: "Our headmare is glowing, you guys."
Silverstream says: "What is going on?!"
Silverstream says: "!"
Ocellus says: "We should probably get back to studying for the test."
Illusion Twilight Sparkle says: "A test."
Illusion Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes."
Illusion Twilight Sparkle says: "By sunrise, this door will be closed."
Illusion Twilight Sparkle says: "Finish the test before then, and you may go."
Illusion Twilight Sparkle says: "Fail the test, and here you will stay."
Sandbar says: "Huh?"
Gallus says: "Huh?"
Smolder says: "Huh?"
Silverstream says: "Ooh!"
Silverstream says: "Mount Aris?"
Silverstream says: "Headmare Twilight sent me home?"
Silverstream says: "Wait."
Silverstream says: "Am I suspended?"
Silverstream says: "Hello?"
Silverstream says: "Anygriff here?"
Silverstream says: "Hmm."
Silverstream says: "They must be topside."
Silverstream says: "Huh?"
Silverstream says: "The Storm King?!"
Silverstream says: "!"
Silverstream says: "He's back?!"
Silverstream says: "!"
Gallus says: "Big room."
Gallus says: "No exits."
Gallus says: "Big deal."
Gallus says: "Not cool!"
Yona says: "Nothing for yaks to be afraid of."
Yona says: "Just empty cave."
Yona says: "Nothing in here can hurt—"
Yona says: "..."
Yona says: "Yona."
Smolder says: "Ugh."
Smolder says: "Things like this just don't happen in the Dragon Lands."
Smolder says: "Huh?"
Stepford Pony 1 says: "..."
Stepford Pony 1 says: "And I told her she was the cutest pony of all ponies!"
Stepford Pony 2 says: "Ohhh!"
Stepford Pony 2 says: "Aren't you just the most adorable thing?"
Stepford Pony 2 says: "Come join us."
Smolder says: "No."
Smolder says: "On so many levels."
Smolder says: "No."
Smolder says: "Huh?"
Stepford Pony 1 says: "Come sit by me, and let's compliment each other!"
Ocellus says: "Why do you look like that?"
Changeling 1 says: "What do you mean?"
Changeling 1 says: "We all look the same."
Ocellus says: "Not me."
Changeling 2 says: "Of course not you..."
Changeling 2 says: "your Majesty."
Changeling 2 says: "We'll go drain the love from those pathetic ponies in Ponyville just as you ordered."
Ocellus says: "Nooooo!"
Illusion Rarity says: "Oh!"
Illusion Rarity says: "Thank heavens we found you!"
Illusion Rainbow Dash says: "There's an emergency!"
Illusion Rainbow Dash says: "And we need you, Sandbar!"
Sandbar says: "My first friendship adventure!"
Sandbar says: "Yes!"
Sandbar says: "Count me in!"
Sandbar says: "Oh, I've been waiting for this—"
Sandbar says: "Wait!"
Sandbar says: "The others!"
Illusion Rainbow Dash says: "We don't need them!"
Illusion Rainbow Dash says: "We need you!"
Illusion Rainbow Dash says: "Come on!"
Gallus says: "Aah!"
Gallus says: "Come on, Gallus."
Gallus says: "Get it together."
Gallus says: "Deep breaths."
Gallus says: "Ah..."
Gallus says: "Ahh..."
Gallus says: "Achoo!"
Gallus says: "Okay."
Gallus says: "If this is a test, there's got to be a way out."
Gallus says: "It's just a puzzle..."
Gallus says: "that will squash you if you don't figure it out."
Gallus says: "Oops."
Gallus says: "Hah!"
Smolder says: "Look."
Smolder says: "I have to get out of here and find my friends."
Smolder says: "So just tell me what I have to do to pass this test."
Smolder says: "I'm not afraid of anything."
Stepford Pony 2 says: "Um, I dunno."
Stepford Pony 2 says: "Seems like she's afraid to be cute and adorable, doesn't it?"
Stepford Pony 1 says: "Or maybe she's just afraid to admit she likes being cute and adorable."
Stepford Pony 2 says: "Mm-hmm!"
Smolder says: "Just this once."
Smolder says: "May I have some tea, please?"
Stepford Pony 1 says: "Aw, but you can't have tea if you aren't dressed for it."
Smolder says: "Okay."
Smolder says: "But let's keep this between us."
Yona says: "Huh?"
Yona says: "Huh?"
Yona says: "Yona..."
Yona says: "no mean to scream."
Yona says: "Yona love making friends."
Yona says: "Spiders friends?"
Yona says: "Wait."
Yona says: "What little spider say?"
Smolder says: "What happened to you?"
Gallus says: "What happened to you?"
Smolder says: "You never saw any of that."
Smolder says: "Got it?"
Gallus says: "Maybe the others got out already and we're the last ones?"
Smolder says: "Yeah, that totally seems like something they would do."
Gallus says: "Any other dragon or griffon would save themselves and get out of this crazy cave."
Smolder says: "Guess we aren't just any dragon or griffon anymore."
Gallus says: "Guess not."
Gallus says: "You go that way."
Gallus says: "I'll check over there."
Sandbar says: "Wait."
Sandbar says: "I really should find my friends."
Illusion Rarity says: "Darling, it was so generous of you to take the time to teach those other creatures about friendship."
Illusion Rainbow Dash says: "But if you're going to join us and do something that really makes a difference, we need to know where your loyalty lies."
Illusion Rarity says: "You do want to impress us, don't you, Sandbar?"
Smolder says: "Huh?"
Smolder says: "Ocellus?"
Ocellus says: "Go away."
Smolder says: "We're still in those weird caves beneath the school."
Smolder says: "We've gotta get out of here."
Smolder says: "Chrysalis!"
Smolder says: "Where's Ocellus?!"
Smolder says: "!"
Ocellus says: "It's me!"
Ocellus says: "I'm hideous!"
Gallus says: "Hello?!"
Gallus says: "!"
Gallus says: "Where are—"
Gallus says: "?"
Gallus says: "Whoa!"
Silverstream says: "Shhhh!"
Silverstream says: "The Storm King will hear you!"
Gallus says: "The Storm King?"
Gallus says: "He was defeated."
Gallus says: "We're still under the school."
Gallus says: "This is all just some crazy test."
Gallus says: "Okay, that's horrifying."
Silverstream says: "I can't find any Hippogriffs or seaponies."
Silverstream says: "They must all be captured!"
Silverstream says: "Gallus!"
Silverstream says: "Get back down here!"
Gallus says: "It's not real."
Silverstream says: "Yes, it is!"
Silverstream says: "He's back, and I'm never gonna see another sunset or fly through a cloud bank or study plumbing!"
Silverstream says: "He's gonna take away everything I love!"
Silverstream says: "I'm gonna be trapped down here forever!"
Gallus says: "I'm afraid of being trapped, too!"
Gallus says: "I'm scared of small spaces."
Silverstream says: "Really?"
Gallus says: "Yeah."
Gallus says: "And I was stuck in a room that kept shrinking."
Gallus says: "But I realized I had to face my fear, and I found the way out."
Gallus says: "This is your test."
Gallus says: "He isn't really here."
Silverstream says: "But what if he is?"
Gallus says: "Then tell him exactly what you think of him."
Silverstream says: "Uh, hey!"
Silverstream says: "Storm King!"
Silverstream says: "You're nothing but a big, old bully with a silly name and a goofy crown!"
Silverstream says: "You thought you could scare us into doing whatever you wanted!"
Silverstream says: "But we learned that together, we're stronger than you!"
Silverstream says: "And now that we're rid of you, we're gonna soar through the sky and go on adventures and never give you another thought ever!"
Silverstream says: "Ha-ha!"
Silverstream says: "I did it!"
Silverstream says: "I told him!"
Gallus says: "Okay."
Gallus says: "Heh."
Gallus says: "Hug time later."
Gallus says: "W-We still have to get back to the library."
Smolder says: "You're a changeling."
Smolder says: "Just change back."
Ocellus says: "I can't."
Ocellus says: "Maybe my past was so horrible, it's still inside me just waiting to come out again."
Smolder says: "That's ridiculous."
Smolder says: "That's not who you are anymore."
Smolder says: "You've changed."
Ocellus says: "Maybe we can't really change that much."
Smolder says: "I like cute, silly stuff."
Ocellus says: "I'm sorry, what?"
Smolder says: "I like cute, silly stuff!"
Smolder says: "But ever since school started, I've realized that sometimes I kinda don't mind cute stuff."
Smolder says: "If a dragon like me can admit she likes tea parties, that's proof we can change."
Smolder says: "I was gonna invite you to a top-secret tea party with me, but if you want to stay down here..."
Ocellus says: "Oh!"
Ocellus says: "No!"
Ocellus says: "I want to come!"
Smolder says: "I thought that might work."
Smolder says: "Come on, let's go!"
Silverstream says: "Where's Yona and Sandbar?"
Gallus says: "The way out is closing!"
Smolder says: "We aren't leaving without them!"
Yona says: "Yona find you guys!"
Silverstream says: "Hey, Yona."
Silverstream says: "Who's your..."
Silverstream says: "spider army?"
Yona says: "Yona always scared of spiders."
Yona says: "But then Yona meet Spindle."
Yona says: "Yona realize no reason to be afraid."
Yona says: "Spiders and yak friends!"
Yona says: "So Yona ask new friends to help finding old friends!"
Gallus says: "Do you think your new friends can help us find Sandbar?"
Smolder says: "Of all the strange things that have happened tonight, that's the strangest, right?"
Sandbar says: "Okay, enough!"
Sandbar says: "I'm not going anywhere without my friends!"
Illusion Rainbow Dash says: "So you don't care about anypony but your friends?"
Illusion Rainbow Dash says: "Are you really that selfish?"
Illusion Rarity says: "Honestly, you really are such a disappointment."
Sandbar says: "I've always looked up to you."
Sandbar says: "You would never turn your back on each other, and that's what makes you strong."
Sandbar says: "Now I have a group of friends that I think is every bit as amazing as yours."
Sandbar says: "If I have to give up on them to make you proud, then you aren't the ponies I thought you were."
Sandbar says: "I don't care if I disappoint you."
Sandbar says: "You disappoint me."
Silverstream says: "Did you just tell our professors you were disappointed in them?"
Sandbar says: "Something tells me those weren't actually our professors."
Sandbar says: "Besides, they tried to get between me and my friends."
Smolder says: "That's all very sweet."
Smolder says: "Now, can we please get out of here?!"
Smolder says: "!"
Sandbar says: "You!"
Sandbar says: "You're not Headmare Twilight, are you?"
Ocellus says: "You're the Tree of Harmony!"
Silverstream says: "The Tree of Harmony turned into a sparkly version of our headmare to talk to us?"
Silverstream says: "Did I miss a chapter in class?"
Tree of Harmony says: "Like all living things, I change as I grow."
Tree of Harmony says: "As I have grown, so have my abilities."
Gallus says: "I'm a bit rusty on pony history."
Gallus says: "But since when does the Tree of Harmony trap creatures in a cave with their biggest fears?!"
Gallus says: "!"
Tree of Harmony says: "You chose what you saw in my roots, not me."
Sandbar says: "Our friendship got us past our fears!"
Tree of Harmony says: "You were more concerned with each other's well-being than your own."
Tree of Harmony says: "You were strong when your friends were weak."
Tree of Harmony says: "You let each other in and showed that you would be there for each other, no matter what."
Tree of Harmony says: "Friendship is in your nature."
Gallus says: "W-We just learned a friendship lesson from a tree, didn't we?"
Cozy Glow says: "You're all right!"
Cozy Glow says: "I came back with my notes and saw this and didn't know what to think!"
Silverstream says: "We're better than all right!"
Silverstream says: "We just got tested by the Tree of Harmony!"
Silverstream says: "And we totally passed!"
Cozy Glow says: "The Tree of Harmony?"
Cozy Glow says: "Here?"
Silverstream says: "Yeah!"
Silverstream says: "Well, below here."
Silverstream says: "Under the school!"
Silverstream says: "We found this and went down and met the Tree, and Gallus was all,  "Friendship is not in our nature."
Silverstream says: "" And the Tree was like, "Whaaaaat?!"
Silverstream says: "!"
Silverstream says: "" And it tested us!"
Smolder says: "Long story short, friendship is in our nature."
Smolder says: "The Tree said so."
Ocellus says: "I guess we should tell somepony there's a giant magical hole in the library."
Ocellus says: "Or not."
Sandbar says: "We have to tell our professors about this!"
Sandbar says: "They won't believe that—"
Sandbar says: "!"
Cozy Glow says: "You can't!"
Yona says: "Why no?"
Cozy Glow says: "Because..."
Cozy Glow says: "it's my fault."
Cozy Glow says: "You were all getting along so well, and I felt left out."
Cozy Glow says: "I was jealous."
Cozy Glow says: "And it upset you so much, the Tree of Harmony had to test you."
Cozy Glow says: "Please don't tell anypony about this!"
Cozy Glow says: "Especially the professors!"
Cozy Glow says: "Please, please, please—"
Cozy Glow says: "!"
Smolder says: "Okay!"
Smolder says: "I'm actually too tired to do anything right now."
Sandbar says: "Yeah, but we can't go to sleep."
Sandbar says: "We'll miss the test."
Gallus says: "The test!"
Gallus says: "I almost forgot!"
Ocellus says: "We're all gonna fail."
Cozy Glow says: "What if I tell Professor Sparkle I needed help organizing these books, and you were all kind enough to pitch in?"
Cozy Glow says: "I'll get you an extension!"
Sandbar says: "Thanks, Cozy."
Sandbar says: "That's nice of you."
Cozy Glow says: "I'm just so sorry I caused all of this."
Cozy Glow says: "You're such good friends."
Cozy Glow says: "I'm sorry I ever doubted you."
Cozy Glow says: "You get some rest."
Cozy Glow says: "Don't give any of this another thought."
Cozy Glow says: "Just let Cozy take care of everything."