Spike says: "Well, we don't all have magical horns."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've been meaning to move these older books to my reference section for a while."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Got to keep the new books front and center!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thank you both for your help."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Are you kidding?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "After all you've done for me, this is the least I can do."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, please."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I haven't done that much."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Nah."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You just taught me the value of friendship."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Not much at all."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I may have offered some guidance, but you are responsible for the pony you've become."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm proud to call you my student and my friend."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now we just need to get rid of these boxes."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike, can you—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike?"
Spike says: "What's that?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Is it a bird?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Is it a parasprite?"
Spike says: "It's..."
Spike says: "it's..."
Spike says: "incoming!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I usually get letters by dragon."
Spike says: "It is the fastest way to get mail!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "For me?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Who'd be sending me a letter?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "the ponies from my old village."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are they in danger?"
Spike says: "Are they upset with you?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "No..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's worse!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "They've invited me to the annual Sunset Festival!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Uh, hey there, everypony."
Party Favor says: "Uh..."
Party Favor says: "Hey, Starlight."
Party Favor says: "What are you doing here?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I-I..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I was invited."
Starlight Glimmer says: "To the Sunset Festival?"
Double Diamond says: "Uh, yeah, but we didn't think you'd actually show up."
Party Favor says: "You didn't think we really wanted you here, did you?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "But..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "apologized."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I thought everything was fine."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Please..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Stop..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Stop!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What happened?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Is anypony there?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Princess Luna?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "W-What are you doing here?"
Princess Luna says: "Dreams are my domain, Starlight Glimmer."
Princess Luna says: "I am here because you need me to be."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's only a dream."
Princess Luna says: "It may only be a dream, but the feelings in it are real."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Great."
Starlight Glimmer says: "So I guess I'm more afraid of going back to the village than I thought."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What do I do now?"
Princess Luna says: "I have been helped time and time again by six very special ponies."
Princess Luna says: "They helped me overcome my past."
Princess Luna says: "You're fortunate to have them as friends."
Princess Luna says: "I suggest you share your concerns with them."
Princess Luna says: "I see much of myself in you, Starlight Glimmer, and I can tell you from personal experience that things do indeed get better."
Starlight Glimmer says: "..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "and Princess Luna said I should tell you all how I was feeling."
Starlight Glimmer says: "So..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "there it is."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm afraid to go back to the village for the celebration."
Rarity says: "But why, darling?"
Rarity says: "You went back to apologize."
Rarity says: "They accepted."
Rarity says: "Everypony has moved on."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But have they?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "They don't really know how much I've changed."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Or even worse, maybe I haven't changed as much as I think I have!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Trust me."
Rainbow Dash says: "You are a totally different pony now."
Rainbow Dash says: "I mean, you were pretty awful."
Applejack says: "Rainbow Dash!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What?"
Rainbow Dash says: "She was!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's a compliment!"
Fluttershy says: "I don't think they would've sent the invitation if they didn't want you to come."
Fluttershy says: "I'm sure they'd be happy to see you."
Pinkie Pie says: "And getting an invitation to a party and not going?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That's like..."
Pinkie Pie says: "I-It's like..."
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Well, I don't know what it's like, but it is definitely bad."
Applejack says: "Just be honest with them."
Applejack says: "I'm sure they'll understand where you're comin' from."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I understand how hard this is for you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe if you took a friend along, it might make things easier."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Somepony you trust who would look out for you?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Thanks so much for doing this, Trixie."
Starlight Glimmer says: "When Twilight said I should bring a friend, you were the first pony I thought of."
Trixie says: "Great idea, Princess Twilight."
Trixie says: "Asking me – Starlight's best friend – to help her on this difficult journey really shows how wise a princess you have become."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I was talking about me."
Starlight Glimmer says: "The festival lasts a whole week, but I'm sure we won't stay that long."
Trixie says: "Oh."
Trixie says: "I don't know, Starlight."
Trixie says: "Time really flies when you're spending it with your best friend!"
Trixie says: "There it is!"
Trixie says: "The town where you—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Magically stole everypony's cutie marks, replaced them with equal signs, and forced them all to hide their natural talents?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Yes."
Trixie says: "I was going to say where you came from, but yours is a more..."
Trixie says: "emotionally traumatic answer."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I just want to..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "blend in."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Be just another pony in the crowd enjoying the Sunset Festival with my friend."
Trixie says: "Sounds good to me!"
Trixie says: "And if things get weird for you, just let me know."
Trixie says: "I've got your flank."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Is that a promise?"
Trixie says: "Not just a promise."
Trixie says: "A great and powerful promise!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, I couldn't ask for more than that."
Starlight Glimmer says: "If we're gonna do this, let's do it."
Double Diamond says: "Oh!"
Double Diamond says: "Starlight, you came!"
Party Favor says: "We were worried you wouldn't be able to make it!"
Party Favor says: "Are you staying the whole week?"
Party Favor says: "We have different events planned each day!"
Sugar Belle says: "How is it living in a castle?"
Double Diamond says: "It is so good to see you!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's good to see all of you, too."
Party Favor says: "You got here just in time."
Party Favor says: "We were having some debate about these banners."
Party Favor says: "Which do you think feels more "sunsetty"?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "O-Oh, you don't need me to decide that."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Heh."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Whatever you think is probably best."
Double Diamond says: "Uh, well, how about helping us with the routes for the relay races tomorrow?"
Double Diamond says: "Can you take a look?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, I-I shouldn't."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You all go ahead."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I-I just want to enjoy the festival."
Sugar Belle says: "But you will be a judge for the baking competition, right?"
Double Diamond says: "We had a few questions about the order of the acts for the talent show."
Night Glider says: "And the unicorns have a fireworks show planned!"
Night Glider says: "We could really use your help!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "No!"
Trixie says: "The Great and Powerful Trixie would like to thank you all for being such an amazing audience."
Trixie says: "Sadly, it is time for us to depart."
Trixie says: "Good night, fillies and gentlefoals!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Ugh!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I was horrible when I led that town!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I was ready for them to not trust me, but..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I wasn't ready for them to put me in charge again!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "With my past, I should never be in charge of anything!"
Trixie says: "So you messed up."
Trixie says: "Big deal."
Trixie says: "I know!"
Trixie says: "The trick is to just move on and pretend they never happened."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I feel like that's almost good advice."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Hey, uh, Pinkie Pie!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hey..."
Pinkie Pie says: "you!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "So..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "you're probably wondering why I'm back so soon."
Pinkie Pie says: "Where were you?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "went to my old village?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "For the festival?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh, sounds fun!"
Pinkie Pie says: "How was it?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "It was kind of a disaster."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I came back early because I freaked out!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh, sounds awful!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Bye!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "That was..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "strange."
Trixie says: "Isn't she always strange?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Yeah, but not like that."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Hey!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm back early."
Rarity says: "Ah."
Rarity says: "Welcome back?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Have you two noticed Pinkie acting a little strange?"
Applejack says: "Pinkie Pie always acts strange."
Trixie says: "Told you."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Anyway, I wanted to talk to all of you."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Things didn't go the way I thought they were going to go at the Sunset Festival."
Rarity says: "What happened?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I kind of freaked out and ran out of the village."
Applejack says: "You freaked out and ran away from a festival?"
Applejack says: "Ha!"
Applejack says: "That's the funniest danged thing I've heard all day."
Rarity says: "Oh my."
Rarity says: "Let me guess."
Rarity says: "The decorations were terrifying!"
Fluttershy says: "..."
Fluttershy says: "Applejack for friendship business."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hello, ponies."
Rainbow Dash says: "We need Rarity and Applejack."
Rainbow Dash says: "Very important friendship business."
Trixie says: "I have to say, I'm really not as impressed with your friends as the rest of Equestria is."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I need to talk to Twilight!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Twilight?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Hello?"
Spike says: "What do you want?"
Spike says: "Twilight's very busy!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Spike, I really need to speak with her."
Spike says: "Make an appointment!"
Spike says: "She's a princess, after all!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What's wrong with you?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Why are you being so—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rude?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think a certain dragon didn't get his nap today."
Spike says: "Yeah, right."
Spike says: "Whatever."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sorry."
Twilight Sparkle says: "He's been acting a little off all day."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think he missed a meal or something."
Starlight Glimmer says: "He's not the only one."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Everypony's acting a little strange today."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes, it's definitely been one of those days!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "How are you?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Not great, actually."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You're probably wondering why I'm back from the village so early."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I didn't want to bring it up, but yeah, it did seem strange."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Did it not go well?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "The townsponies kept asking me things, like they expected me to be in charge again."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But being a leader is the last thing I should ever be."
Starlight Glimmer says: "So we left."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Very suddenly."
Starlight Glimmer says: "In a literal puff of smoke."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wow, you should definitely never go back to that village."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "If you were worried about what they thought of you before, it's probably way worse now."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'd cut my losses."
Starlight Glimmer says: "That's..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "surprising advice, coming from you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Trust me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm the Princess of Friendship."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You don't need those ponies."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You can always make more friends."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ah!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Speaking of friends, if you'll excuse me, important business to attend to!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Cut my losses?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "That can't be right."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Hey, I wanted to apologize for my behavior earlier."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Party Favor, can you hear me?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I told you you can never speak to them again!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What are you all doing here?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Making sure you do what I said!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm your teacher, aren't I?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Didn't I say to never come back here?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Yes, but that just doesn't seem right."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You aren't acting like yourself."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Something is wrong!"
Princess Luna says: "Something is wrong!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "A dream?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "This is another dream!"
Princess Luna says: "Starlight Glimmer..."
Princess Luna says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Princess Luna?"
Princess Luna says: "Starlight Glimmer!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Princess Luna, where are you?"
Princess Luna says: "Starlight Glimmer, there is no time!"
Princess Luna says: "You must get help!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What are you talking about?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "This is just a dream!"
Princess Luna says: "Not here!"
Princess Luna says: "In the waking world!"
Princess Luna says: "They've taken my sister and I!"
Princess Luna says: "It's worse than the last time!"
Princess Luna says: "Your dream called to me, and I was able to break through!"
Princess Luna says: "You must find help!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What are you saying?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Who's taken you?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Princess Luna says: "Be careful who you trust!"
Princess Luna says: "You need all the help you can find!"
Princess Luna says: "The changelings have returned and—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Princess Luna!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "They're back!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Trixie?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Trixie, it's Starlight!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Are you awake?"
Trixie says: "Of course, Princess Celestia..."
Trixie says: "I'd love to perform for peanut butter crackers..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Trixie, wake up!"
Trixie says: "Starlight?"
Trixie says: "What time is it?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's late."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I think I figured out what's wrong with my friends!"
Trixie says: "I have a whole list of things that are wrong with your friends."
Trixie says: "We can go over it in the morning."
Starlight Glimmer says: "No, Trixie, we're in danger!"
Trixie says: "Okay, fine!"
Trixie says: "Aside from lack of sleep, how are we in danger?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I think the—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What did you tell me never to tell another pony?"
Trixie says: "Starlight, if you woke me up to play guessing games—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "After we left my village, what did you tell me to never tell another pony you said?"
Trixie says: "That even Trixie's made mistakes."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Trixie, there's no time for this!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What did you say?"
Trixie says: "That even Trixie's made mistakes!"
Trixie says: "Okay?"
Trixie says: "Are you happy?!"
Trixie says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "one of them!"
Trixie says: "One of who?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "A changeling!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I think they've taken Princess Celestia and Princess Luna!"
Trixie says: "What?!"
Trixie says: "!"
Trixie says: "Are you sure?!"
Trixie says: "!"
Trixie says: "I mean, what do we—"
Trixie says: "?"
Trixie says: "We have to tell Twilight!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "If I'm right, then it's too late for that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Is it ready?"
Applejack says: "Just one more."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Queen Chrysalis!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Ugh."
Queen Chrysalis says: "I can't take any of you seriously when you look like that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, right."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Much better."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Now report!"
Changeling says: "Everything here is going according to plan!"
Changeling says: "We've replaced the six ponies and their dragon, and have taken control of the castle!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Excellent."
Queen Chrysalis says: "And I've just received word that the princesses from Canterlot have successfully been replaced as well."
Queen Chrysalis says: "We thought too small last time."
Queen Chrysalis says: "One ponynapped princess wasn't enough."
Queen Chrysalis says: "With all the most beloved ponies of Equestria taken care of, nopony can stop us!"
Trixie says: "I can't deal with this!"
Trixie says: "I'm just a performer!"
Trixie says: "This is..."
Trixie says: "This is princess-level stuff!"
Trixie says: "But the changelings have all the princesses..."
Trixie says: "We're doomed!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Maybe not."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Uh, Queen Chrysalis only said they took Luna and Celestia and obviously Twilight and the others..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "but maybe Cadance is still safe."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Our best bet is to get to the Crystal Empire before the changelings do."
Starlight Glimmer says: "That way we can—"
Thorax says: "There's no help coming from the Crystal Empire."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Thorax?"
Thorax says: "Yes."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Your wings look..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "different."
Thorax says: "I guess they do."
Starlight Glimmer says: "How do I know you aren't some other changeling pretending to be Thorax?"
Thorax says: "You were there when Spike defended me to the ponies of the Crystal Empire."
Thorax says: "Princess Twilight said—"
Thorax says: "As the Princess of Friendship, I should set an example for all of Equestria."
Thorax says: "But today it was Spike who taught me—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Okay, okay."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I believe you."
Starlight Glimmer says: "We don't need the whole speech."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Trixie, this is Thorax."
Starlight Glimmer says: "He's a reformed changeling."
Starlight Glimmer says: "He's on our side."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Understand?"
Thorax says: "Hi."
Thorax says: "It's a pleasure to..."
Trixie says: "If Starlight says you're on our side, I believe her."
Trixie says: "But maybe just stay over there for now, okay?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What did you mean there's no help?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Did the changelings get Cadance too?"
Thorax says: "They took Cadance, Shining Armor, and Flurry Heart!"
Thorax says: "Sunburst sent me here to get Princess Twilight's help, but..."
Thorax says: "but it sounds like it's too late for that, too!"
Thorax says: "So..."
Thorax says: "what should we do?"
Trixie says: "Yeah, Starlight."
Trixie says: "What are we gonna do?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I don't know!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "There has to be somepony else who can handle this?"
Trixie says: "There is nopony else!"
Trixie says: "Everypony with powerful magic is already gone!"
Discord says: "You know whenever ponies talk about powerful magic, they always leave me out."
Discord says: "If I weren't so evolved, I might decide to take it personally."
Discord says: "Well, isn't this quite the combination of secondary characters?"
Discord says: "Where are Twilight and the girls?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "First, how do we know that you're really you?"
Discord says: "Shall I continue?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Chrysalis and the changelings are back."
Starlight Glimmer says: "They've ponynapped all of the most powerful ponies in Equestria!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Celestia, Luna, Cadance, Shining Armor, Flurry Heart, Twilight and her friends."
Starlight Glimmer says: "We need to—"
Discord says: "They took Fluttershy?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Yes!"
Discord says: "Where?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "The Changeling Kingdom."
Starlight Glimmer says: "With you on our side, I can—"
Discord says: "Odd."
Discord says: "I was trying to take us right to Fluttershy, but there is no Fluttershy."
Trixie says: "I think I have a pretty good idea where she might be..."
Thorax says: "I'd hoped never to see that place again."
Thorax says: "Now what?"