Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Rarity!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Just the pony I'm looking for!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Can you come to Twilight's class with me?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "It won't take long."
Rarity says: "Oh, I'd love to help, but I have to meet Rainbow Dash for our day of fun together."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Twilight wants to use you as an example for the students."
Rarity says: "Ooh!"
Rarity says: "Your example is here!"
Rarity says: "Oh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I thought I was the example."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You both are."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Because together, you perfectly demonstrate my lesson on compromise in friendship."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow Dash and Rarity have very different interests that keep them busy."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But being friends is so important to them, they always manage to make time for each other."
Rarity says: "Our day of fun was hard to plan, what with Rainbow Dash's extremely time-consuming and erratically scheduled Wonderbolts practice."
Rainbow Dash says: "And Rarity's weird fashion seasons."
Rainbow Dash says: "She's working on her winter collection, and it's not even summer yet!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But you still found time to be together, and that's what counts."
Twilight Sparkle says: "See, class?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "These ponies are models of true friendship in action."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thanks for stopping by!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Enjoy your day of fun!"
Silverstream says: "Ooh!"
Silverstream says: "Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh!"
Silverstream says: "What amazing stuff are you gonna do together?!"
Silverstream says: "!"
Shoe shopping!
Dress shopping!
Fabric dyeing!
Obstacle races!
Buckball!
Flight goggle shopping!
Rainbow Dash says: "Aw, come on!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I even said "shopping" that time!"
Rarity says: "Perfect!"
Rarity says: "We'll go shopping first."
Rainbow Dash says: "But I brought stuff for buckball to—"
Smolder says: "Are we supposed to be learning something here?"
Smolder says: "'Cause this doesn't sound like compromising at all."
Gallus says: "Yeah, you guys have nothing in common."
Gallus says: "How can you be friends?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Even though Rainbow Dash and Rarity enjoy doing different things, there are plenty of reasons why they're friends."
Yona says: "Uh, like what?"
Rainbow Dash says: "We've always been friends."
Ocellus says: "Always?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, no."
Rainbow Dash says: "Not always."
Rainbow Dash says: "But for like a super long time."
Rarity says: "And we know all the same ponies."
Smolder says: "Um, is that it?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, there was that time during the Cloudsdale Best Young Flyer Competition that I totally saved Rarity's life."
Rarity says: "Yes!"
Rarity says: "And I once proved Rainbow Dash's innocence to her beloved Wonderbolts when she was being framed for a mysterious incident."
Sandbar says: "Cool!"
Sandbar says: "What else?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Uh, look."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It may seem like Rarity and Rainbow Dash don't have that much in common when you try to put it into words, but sometimes friendships can't be explained."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You just have to see them in action to understand."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Actually, that's a great idea!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just go about your day of fun as you normally would."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You won't even know we're here!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Game on!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Rarity!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You were supposed to be holding your bucket!"
Rarity says: "Hmm?"
Rarity says: "Oh!"
Rarity says: "Sorry, darling."
Rarity says: "Wearing this drab jersey gave me an idea for a buckball-inspired line of "athleisure" wear that would allow for maximum flexibility and style!"
Rarity says: "Uh, but I'm ready now!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Good!"
Rainbow Dash says: "'Cause this time, I'm gonna try something new and super-intense!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Rarity!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Are you even paying attention?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rarity says: "What?"
Rarity says: "Oh!"
Rarity says: "I mean, of course!"
Rarity says: "Uh, I held my bucket and everything!"
Rainbow Dash says: "But you have to catch the ball!"
Rarity says: "Really?"
Rarity says: "Well, that sounds dangerous."
Rainbow Dash says: "Buckball time is over!"
Rarity says: "Finally!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uhhh, see?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "They did something Rainbow Dash likes, so now it's time for something Rarity likes."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Compromise!"
Rarity says: "Hmmm..."
Rarity says: "I'm genuinely not sure."
Rarity says: "Are they too in style?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, isn't that what you want them to be?"
Rarity says: "Oh, yes, yes."
Rarity says: "But they should be ahead of the curve."
Rarity says: "If they're in fashion right now, then they're practically already out."
Rainbow Dash says: "That doesn't make any sense."
Rarity says: "Hmmm..."
Rarity says: "Perhaps I should get the stilettos instead."
Rarity says: "What do you think?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Unless you like tripping with every step, heels on a horse are pretty useless."
Rarity says: "Au contraire."
Rarity says: "They're perfect in a multitude of situations."
Rarity says: "Formal functions, afternoon teas, evening teas, high tea, tea by the sea, royal tea—"
Rainbow Dash says: "Can they clean up glitter?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ew!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's on my hooves!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Are we done yet?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "This is sooooo boring!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow Dash and Rarity are just, uh, showcasing an aspect of friendship called "banter", the playful and friendly exchange of remarks."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's all in good fun."
Rarity says: "Ooh, I cannot wait!"
Rarity says: "Collecting gemstones is my favorite!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Finally, something we can agree on!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Treasure hunting!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "See, everycreature?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That didn't take long."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now they're having a great time together."
Rarity says: "Ooh!"
Rarity says: "Magnifique!"
Rarity says: "This will be perfect for the emerald-encrusted romper I've been working on!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Cool!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Now, what would be even cooler is if we could find a treasure chamber or something!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Now, if I were a secret door, where would I be?"
Rarity says: "Ugh, Rainbow Dash!"
Rarity says: "Could you please refrain from all of that racket?"
Rarity says: "It's muddying my concentration."
Rainbow Dash says: "It's stuck!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Come help me, Rarity!"
Rarity says: "Just a moment."
Rarity says: "You ruined my gems!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, well, you ruined my treasure hunt!"
Rarity says: "Ugh!"
Rarity says: "This wasn't about treasure!"
Rarity says: "It was about finding gemstones for my winter collection!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Who cares about clothes?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We're supposed to be on an adventure together!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh-oh."
Rarity says: "That..."
Rarity says: "is..."
Rarity says: "it!"
Rarity says: "This "day of fun" is officially over!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Fine by me!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Maybe I can spend some time doing something I actually like now!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sometimes that happens between pals."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But no matter what, they can always get past the problem and stay good friends."
Rainbow Dash says: "I don't think we can."
Rainbow Dash says: "You don't care about any of the things I like!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's always about you and your boring fashions!"
Rarity says: "Oh, puh-lease!"
Rarity says: "You don't even give my interests a chance!"
Rarity says: "You have absolutely no respect for the finer things!"
Rarity says: "No respect, I tell you!"
I suppose we're just not friends anymore!
I guess we're just not friends anymore!
Rarity says: "..."
Rarity says: "And then there was the time Rainbow Dash called my Cloudsdale Couture Boutique idea "impractical"!"
Rarity says: "Imagine that!"
Rarity says: "Just because I needed Twilight to perform the butterfly wing spell on me whenever I wanted to deliver merchandise!"
Rainbow Dash says: "..."
Rainbow Dash says: "And I told her a thousand times Pegasi don't even want restrictive heavy dresses!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We need to be able to fly!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Duh!"
Rarity says: "Not to mention the day I was wearing a really gorgeous hat, and Rainbow Dash didn't even notice!"
Rainbow Dash says: "The Wonderbolts show was ruined!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Rarity's hat was blocking everypony's view!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Enough!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Guidance counseling is for talking out your problems, not telling me everything that's ever happened in the history of Equestria!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "But I've learned sometimes talking isn't enough."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You need to put yourselves in one another's shoes."
Rainbow Dash says: "No way am I wearing those!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What I'm saying is we need a way to help you two reconnect."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Follow me!"
Rainbow Dash says: "The library?"
Rainbow Dash says: "And this helps us how?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You both love books."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Rainbow Dash never stops talking about Daring Do adventures, and you're a huge fan of Shadow Spade mysteries."
Rarity says: "Your point?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "The perfect way for you two to reconnect as friends is to read each other's favorite book."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'll read them, too."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Then we'll all discuss afterward."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It'll be a "Good Friends Book Club"."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Okay?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'll bring snacks."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Fine!"
Rarity says: "If you insist."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Great!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "We're all here!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "To start, why don't you two share one thing you liked about each other's books?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Okay."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'll go first."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Uh, I really enjoy the part in Daring Do and the Razor of Dreams when Daring used a vicious cragadile as a raft, and then—"
Rarity says: "Please."
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, what's so funny?"
Rarity says: "Oh, sorry."
Rarity says: "It's just that I find those action sequences so ridiculously over-the-top."
Rainbow Dash says: "But they're real!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You even met Daring Do!"
Rarity says: "Yes, but the book's descriptions just drag on, and what about those silly unpronounceable names?"
Rarity says: "Doctor whozit-whatsit..."
Rarity says: "Caballeron?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ca-ba-ller-on!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Just like it looks!"
Rainbow Dash says: "How hard is that?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Uh, tea, anypony?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Cucumber sandwich?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Or we could go over some nice friendly talking points."
Rainbow Dash says: "Seriously?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Don't even get me started on those clothing descriptions in Shadow Spade!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What a yawn fest!"
Rarity says: "But..."
Rarity says: "the outfit descriptions are an integral part of the plot of The Colt in Crimson: A Shadow Spade Mystery!"
Rarity says: "You see, if you didn't know that Sir Fluffingsworth von Radishfield wears only silk, double-breasted waistcoats, you'd never deduce that he, in fact, was the culprit!"
Rainbow Dash says: "W-Wait."
Rainbow Dash says: "He was?"
Rarity says: "You didn't even read it!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I can see I'm gonna need reinforcements."
Rainbow Dash says: "Not my fault it's so boring and put me to sleep!"
Rarity says: "If you can't be bothered to read the thing I like, that just further illustrates the point that we have nothing in common anymore!"
Rainbow Dash says: "At least we agree on that!"
Rainbow Dash says: "From now on, I'm only hanging out with ponies who get me!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Your drama can wait!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Twilight needs help!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Now!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Any luck?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's goooone!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What's gone?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Amulet of Aurora!"
Rarity says: "One of the magical items you've been keeping for Princess Celestia?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That amulet can reverse the tides and summon tsunamis!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "If it falls into the wrong hooves, Equestria will be in grave danger!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Don't worry, Twilight!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I know tons about searching for lost treasure!"
Rarity says: "And if I follow the culprit's clues, I'm certain I can find who took your amulet!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thank you!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'll feel so much better knowing you two are looking for it together!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "While we work on a locator spell."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's the perfect solution!"
Rarity says: "There appear to be no signs of damage to the surrounding artifacts, suggesting the thief did not leave in a hurry."
Rainbow Dash says: "Rarity, your boots are leaving sparkles all over the floor!"
Rarity says: "Pfft!"
Rarity says: "Those aren't from my boots."
Rarity says: "Mine are magenta, not blue."
Rarity says: "See?"
Rarity says: "I mean, really!"
Rarity says: "Turns out these boots were not "made for trotting," as advertised."
Rarity says: "Where are you going?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "We promised Twilight we'd work together!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Don't you see?"
Rainbow Dash says: "The Amulet of Aurora is made out of Azurantium!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Azurantium?"
Rainbow Dash says: "You know!"
Rainbow Dash says: "The same metal that the Amulet of Atonement from Daring Do book four is made from?"
Rainbow Dash says: "It always leaves sparkles wherever it goes."
Rainbow Dash says: "Just like this, remember?"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's from the book you just read!"
Rarity says: "That book!"
Rarity says: "Yes!"
Rarity says: "The one I-I just..."
Rarity says: "just read!"
Rarity says: "Ha-ha-ha!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Seriously?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "After giving me all that grief, you didn't read mine either?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rarity says: "Oopsie?"
Rainbow Dash says: "As soon as we find this amulet, we are done with each other!"
Rarity says: "Fine by me!"
Rarity says: "Ooh!"
Rarity says: "Rainbow Dash, slow down!"
Rarity says: "You're flying past important clues!"
Rarity says: "Look, it's a print."
Rarity says: "But definitely not a hoof."
Rarity says: "Are those claw marks?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Who cares?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I found a bigger clue!"
Rarity says: "I hope you don't expect me to..."
Rarity says: "..."
Rarity says: "wade through that."
Rainbow Dash says: "Nah."
Rainbow Dash says: "It's too deep."
Rainbow Dash says: "We'll get stuck."
Rarity says: "Ooh."
Rarity says: "Clever."
Rarity says: "What Daring Do book did you get that from?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Actually, I learned it at Scootaloo's Filly Guides camp."
Rarity says: "At least you can fly across."
Rainbow Dash says: "I could..."
Rainbow Dash says: "..."
Rainbow Dash says: "try and slingshot my way through."
Rainbow Dash says: "But I'd need two perfectly placed trees, some stretchy rope, and a pith helmet."
Rainbow Dash says: "Too bad we can't do what Daring Do did in book four and find a cragadile for a raft."
Rarity says: "Ta-daaa!"
Rarity says: "The S."
Rarity says: "S."
Rarity says: "Cragadile, at your service!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, that..."
Rainbow Dash says: "is..."
Rainbow Dash says: "awesome!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, I mean, it's all right, I guess."
Rainbow Dash says: "How did you know how to do that?"
Rarity says: "Mmm."
Rarity says: "We may have been friends for a super-long time, but you don't know everything about me yet."
Rarity says: "The glitter trail!"
Rarity says: "It's gone!"
Rainbow Dash says: "How are we supposed to find the Amulet of Aurora now?"
Bufogren says: "Owww."
Bufogren says: "Ears."
Bufogren says: "Why hoof-hoofs yell?"
Bufogren says: "Too, too loud."
Rarity says: "Sorry!"
Rarity says: "What did you say?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Bufogren says: "Too, too loud."
Rainbow Dash says: "I think it's a Bufogren."
Rainbow Dash says: "They have really sensitive ears."
Rainbow Dash says: "Did you happen to see anycreature with a sparkly thingy go this way?"
Bufogren says: "Saw it."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hold that thought!"
Rainbow Dash says: "His breath smells so bad, I can't think!"
Rainbow Dash says: "But we can't hear him from back here."
Rainbow Dash says: "Now what?"
Rarity says: "Hmmm..."
Rarity says: "Aha!"
Rarity says: "I think I have the perfect solution."
Rarity says: "An old unicorn beauty trick."
Rarity says: "That is, if you can somehow procure us a tiny bit of cloud?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Now that I can do!"
Rarity says: "Ooh!"
Rarity says: "It's adorable!"
Rarity says: "Um, excuse me, kind sir."
Rarity says: "I have a special treat for you in exchange for your information."
Bufogren says: "Ooh..."
Bufogren says: "What's that?"
Bufogren says: "Owww!"
Rarity says: "Sorry, sorry."
Rarity says: "Enjoy."
Bufogren says: "Mmmmm..."
Bufogren says: "."
Bufogren says: "My mouth."
Bufogren says: "Fresh and minty."
Rarity says: "Good."
Rarity says: "Uh, now, which way did the sparkly thing go?"
Bufogren says: "Up-up."
Bufogren says: "Up there."
Rarity says: "Thank you!"
Rarity says: "Well, what are you waiting for?"
Rarity says: "Go on!"
Rarity says: "Fly up there and get that amulet!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, we're doing this together, remember?"
Rarity says: "But how can we—"
Rainbow Dash says: "Sorry, but I wasn't leaving you behind in that swamp."
Rarity says: "Thank you."
Rainbow Dash says: "Huh."
Rainbow Dash says: "Maybe the key to unlocking this thing is in these inscriptions."
Rarity says: "Or perhaps the key is right here!"
Rarity says: "I couldn't decide between the boots and the stilettos, so I got both!"
Rainbow Dash says: "High heels could do that?"
Rarity says: "And you called them "useless"."
Rainbow Dash says: "I shouldn't have said that."
Rainbow Dash says: "Or made fun of the other stuff you like to do."
Rainbow Dash says: "Some of it's actually sorta neat."
Rarity says: "I..."
Rarity says: "owe you an apology, too."
Rarity says: "Buckball may not be my thing, but it's something you enjoy."
Rarity says: "And you're very good at it."
Rarity says: "I never should've treated your interests like they were worth less than mine."
Rainbow Dash says: "Soooo..."
Rainbow Dash says: "does this mean we're still friends?"
Rarity says: "I would very much like that."
Rarity says: "Now let's go find that amulet!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Wait!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That tunnel leads to the..."
Rainbow Dash says: "school?"
Rainbow Dash says: "A secret passage!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Awesome!"
Rarity says: "Spikey-wikey!"
Rarity says: "You stole the Amulet of Aurora?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Not exactly."
Rarity says: "You mean, this was a setup to make us get along?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Sorry to interfere, but you both..."
Rainbow Dash says: "..."
Rainbow Dash says: "reeeeeally needed it."
Smolder says: "So even though you don't like any of the same stuff, you two are friends again?"
Rarity says: "Heh."
Rarity says: "Always."
Rarity says: "I think we just needed a teensy reminder."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah."
Rainbow Dash says: "We don't have to love the exact same things to have fun together."
Rainbow Dash says: "I mean, imagine if we did!"
Rainbow Dash says: "How boring would that be?"
Rarity says: "When we give each other a chance to share the different things we enjoy, it can be surprisingly wonderful!"
Rarity says: "Too bad we wasted our day of fun."
Rainbow Dash says: "We still have a little time left."
Rainbow Dash says: "You wanna..."
Rainbow Dash says: "go hit the shops?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I could actually use your help picking out some new buckball gear."
Rarity says: "Do I?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "But only if you help me choose some buckball fan attire, so I can cheer for my favorite player at the drop of a fabulous hat!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, yeah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Let's go already!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "See?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Good friends always work through their differences."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Even if it takes a little help."