Spike says: "Uh, Rarity?"
Spike says: "Starlight and I kinda need your help."
Rarity says: "Ooh, uh, I'm afraid I can't just now."
Rarity says: "Twilight will be here any moment for her fitting."
Starlight Glimmer says: "That's why we're here."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Spike and I are putting together something special for the coronation."
Rarity says: "Darling, we're all putting together something for the coronation."
Rarity says: "Be thankful you're not doing the gown."
Rarity says: "This is my fourteenth version!"
Spike says: "This is different."
Spike says: "It's from all of us."
Spike says: "And it's kind of about all of us, too."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I combined some ancient spells to make a magical scrapbook, and now all we need is some memories to go inside."
Spike says: "That way, Twilight can have a collection of memories to look at any time she wants."
Spike says: "All we need you to do is—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's Twilight."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you sure we need to do another fitting?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't think my sizes have changed."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Aah!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Did we mention we want it to be a surprise?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Spike says: "We want to be sure to get some of Twilight's own memories, so just get her talking about old times with you."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'll do the rest."
Rarity says: "We get it, Starlight."
Rarity says: "You're good at magic."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I thought maybe you weren't home."
Rarity says: "Not home?"
Rarity says: "Darling, I would never miss a fitting."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Of course not, and I really appreciate you being so generous with your time."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But are all these fittings really necessary?"
Rarity says: "Darling!"
Rarity says: "The perfect fit is imperative!"
Rarity says: "And as for my time, well, I am far from the most generous pony in Equestria."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Actually, that's exactly what you are."
Steven Magnet says: "What a world, what a world."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Excuse me, sir."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why are you crying?"
Steven Magnet says: "Well, I don't know."
Steven Magnet says: "I was just sitting here, minding my own business, when this tacky little cloud of purple smoke just whisked past me and tore half of my beloved mustache clean off, and now I look simply horrid."
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, give me a break."
Applejack says: "That's what all the fuss is about?"
Rarity says: "Why, of course it is."
Rarity says: "How can you be so insensitive?"
Rarity says: "Oh, just look at him."
Rarity says: "Such lovely luminescent scales."
Steven Magnet says: "I know."
Rarity says: "And your expertly coiffed mane."
Steven Magnet says: "Oh, I know, I know."
Rarity says: "Your fabulous manicure."
Steven Magnet says: "It's so true!"
Rarity says: "All ruined without your beautiful mustache."
Steven Magnet says: "It's true, I'm hideous!"
Rarity says: "I simply cannot let such a crime against fabulosity go uncorrected."
Steven Magnet says: "What did you do that for?"
Steven Magnet says: "Oh-hohohoho!"
Steven Magnet says: "My mustache."
Steven Magnet says: "How wonderful."
Rarity says: "You look smashing."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, Rarity, your beautiful tail..."
Rarity says: "Oh."
Rarity says: "It's fine, my dear."
Rarity says: "Short tails are in this season."
Rarity says: "Besides, it'll grow back."
Applejack says: "Hey, look!"
Applejack says: "That's the theatre where Hinny of the Hills is playin'!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wow, Rarity!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "How'd you manage to get us seats for tomorrow night?"
Rarity says: "Oh, I gave some designs to the costume designer, so he pulled a few strings."
Applejack says: "Cool!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Cool!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Cool!"
Rarity says: "That is what makes Manehattan so splendid and amazing."
Rarity says: "You do something nice for somepony, and then you never know when they'll do something nice for you!"
Applejack says: "So then you can do something nice for us!"
Fluttershy says: "Like get us in to see Hinny of the Hills!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Which is only the best musical in all of Equestria!"
Applejack says: "It must be good if Rainbow Dash is impressed."
Applejack says: "Normally she doesn't even like musicals."
Rainbow Dash says: "I know."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ponies just bursting into song in random places at the drop of a hat?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Who does that?"
Rarity.
Oh, Manehattan, what you do to me.
Such a huge bustling community.
And there's always opportunity.
To do the friendly thing.
If some are grouchy, pay no mind.
Surprise instead with something kind.
Lo and behold, you may just find.
A smile is what you bring.
"Luggage Cart" says: "Welcome to the Manefair Hotel!"
"Luggage Cart" says: "Please allow me to take those bags to your room for you!"
Rarity says: "Only if you'll accept this gratuity first."
"Luggage Cart" says: "Oh-ho-ho!"
"Luggage Cart" says: "I'll get your change!"
Rarity says: "Do keep it all."
Rarity says: "I insist!"
Rarity.
Generosity, I'm here to show all that I can give.
Generosity, I'm here to set the bar.
Just sit back and watch how I live.
Rarity says: "After you."
Tourist Pony 1 says: "Why, thank you."
Rarity says: "Please, take mine."
"Wisp" says: "Wow, okay."
Rarity.
Some may say, "Rarity,.
Don't be so big-hearted and bold.
Treating strangers like they're friends.
This town's too big and cold".
But this is how I play my cards.
I'm not about to fold.
Where I see a frown, I go to town.
Call me the smile patrol.
Rainbow Dash.
Oh, Manehattan, what you do to us.
Fluttershy.
What if you find a Gloomy Gus?
Applejack.
It's no intimidatin' thing.
Pinkie Pie.
Just be kind without a fuss.
Rarity.
Generosity, I'm here to show all that I can do.
Generosity, you are the key.
Manehattan, I'm here just for you.
Just for you.
Rarity says: "Yes, I suppose I've had my generous moments."
Rarity says: "Although I haven't always been perfect."
Rarity says: "Twilight!"
Rarity says: "Sew these pieces together according to that pattern there!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You said if we skipped dinner at the Far-Afield Tavern, you'd order a meal for us while we keep working."
Rarity says: "Don't fret."
Rarity says: "It'll be here in an hour."
Rarity says: "That's not going to be a problem, is it?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, we're supposed to be watching Hinny of the Hills by then..."
Rarity says: "Oh!"
Rarity says: "I see!"
Rarity says: "I go out of my way to get you tickets for a show, and this is how you repay me?"
Rarity says: "By abandoning me in my hour of need?"
Rarity says: "Oh, oh, oh!"
Rarity says: "Fine!"
Rarity says: "Go and see Hinny of the Hills tonight!"
Rarity says: "And then tomorrow morning when you come to see my fashion show without any fashion to show, you can have more entertainment!"
Rarity says: ""Oh, why look, there's our friend Rarity going down in flames!"
Rarity says: "Isn't friendship magic?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity, calm down."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What's gotten into you?"
Rarity says: "What's gotten into you?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "Oh, go ahead!"
Rarity says: "See your little show!"
Rarity says: "Congratu-pony-lations, fillies!"
Rarity says: "Sounds like you've all figured out already it's everypony for herself in this town!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "There."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's the last of them."
Rarity says: "Finally!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're welcome!"
Rarity says: "Of course I'll help!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Wow."
Sweetie Belle says: "Uh, Rarity, I didn't know you'd be this excited."
Rarity says: "Me?"
Rarity says: "Oh, why, I'm just itching to right an old wrong from long, long ago!"
Rarity says: "I designed my own cart when I was just a filly, and I was positive I was going to win the prize for most creative, hooves down!"
Rarity says: "But I came in second."
Rarity says: "Second!"
Sweetie Belle says: "You?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Second in most creative?"
Sweetie Belle says: "To whom?!"
Sweetie Belle says: "!"
Rarity says: "But I learned a valuable lesson."
Rarity says: "I learned to know my audience, and the race cart audience wants big!"
Rarity says: "They want bold!"
Rarity says: "Chop chop!"
Rarity says: "Everypony out!"
Rarity says: "We've got work to do!"
Rarity says: "This will take all of my considerable skills..."
Rarity says: "..."
Rarity says: "but I will fashion the biggest and boldest Derby cart to ever win the prize for most creative!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Actually, I was sorta thinking of something more..."
Sweetie Belle says: "traditional?"
Rarity says: "Oh!"
Rarity says: "Soon the prize for most creative will finally be in my hooves!"
Sweetie Belle says: "You mean my hooves."
Rarity says: "Yes, that's what I said – my hooves."
Sweetie Belle says: "Okay, so I sketched out some of my ideas."
Sweetie Belle says: "How about a nice yellow fringe on top?"
Rarity says: "the fringe is not exactly big!"
Rarity says: "And that yellow is the least bold color I can imagine!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Well, it doesn't have to be yellow."
Sweetie Belle says: "But I really do love the old-timey style."
Sweetie Belle says: "Like this."
Rarity says: "Sweetie Belle, precious face, "old-timey" is just another word for passé."
Rarity says: "Remember, big and bold!"
Rarity says: "I do have a reputation to uphold!"
Rarity says: "It was one thing to lose as a filly, but can you imagine if I didn't win the most creative now?"
Rarity says: "Ponies might stop buying my couture!"
Sweetie Belle says: "But we're supposed to be doing this together!"
Rarity says: "Yes, of course we are, darling."
Rarity says: "In fact, we just finished."
Rarity says: "Voila!"
Rarity says: "I know."
Rarity says: "You're speechless."
Rarity says: "Well, if that isn't big and bold, I don't know what is!"
Rarity says: "Isn't it wonderful?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Right..."
Sweetie Belle says: "Wonderful..."
Rarity says: "I was expecting an audience with the Princess, not outdoor sport."
Rarity says: "Agh."
Rarity says: "Oh my..."
Discord says: "Welcome to your lucky day, Rarity."
Discord says: "You've found the one thing in Equestria that could rival my face for sheer beauty."
Discord says: "What do you think?"
Discord says: "You like?"
Rarity says: "Yes..."
Rarity says: "I like very much..."
Rarity says: "No!"
Rarity says: "No, I shan't succumb to such fabulousness."
Rarity says: "Must..."
Rarity says: "get to the center..."
Rarity says: "to meet..."
Rarity says: "the others."
Rarity says: "Mine!"
Rarity says: "Well, Rarity."
Rarity says: "It took forever, but it was worth it."
Rarity says: "Who knew three little gemstones would turn out to be this handsome hunk of a diamond?"
Rarity says: "Now to get you home."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are we glad to see..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why are you carrying a humongous boulder?"
Rarity says: "What do you mean, "boulder"?"
Rarity says: "This big beautiful bedazzling rock is a diamond!"
Rarity says: "And it's all mine."
Rarity says: "Keep your envious little eyes off it!"
Rarity says: "I found it and it's mine fair and square!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe those weren't your best moments."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I can't think of a single pony who's never made a mistake."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Whoa!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What was that?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Is there somepony else here?"
Rarity says: "No!"
Rarity says: "I mean, yes."
Rarity says: "Well, not exactly."
Rarity says: "You see, I asked that delightful family of raccoons from my shop in Manehattan to help out."
Rarity says: "You really are an inspiration to ponies everywhere."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I suppose so."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But honestly, you've always been an inspiration to me."
Rarity says: "Me?"
Rarity says: "What ever for?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you kidding?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You basically built a fashion empire from scratch."
"Waxton" says: "This is the most whimsical and wonderfully fashionable boutique I've ever seen!"
Rarity says: "Why didn't you tell me there were so many problems?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We all figured you had enough on your mind."
Applejack says: "And we didn't want you to think that the opening wasn't perfect."
Rarity says: ""Ne'er-do-wells" or not, I know I can always count on all of you."
Rarity says: "And nothing could be more perfect than that."
Rarity says: "I appreciate hearing how much I'm appreciated."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Of course I appreciate you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And I'm definitely not the only one."
Rarity says: "You've been very patient today, Spike."
Rarity says: "And for that, you get the finest reward."
Rarity says: "This is from me to you."
Rarity says: "Is something wrong, Spike?"
Spike says: "No."
Spike says: "It's perfect."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike, it is very noble of you..."
Spike says: "Shhh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "to sacrifice the gem Rarity gave you."
Spike says: "Oh, Lady Rarity."
Spike says: "My damsel in distress."
Sir Spike says: "I shall save you."
Sir Spike says: "Show yourselves, you dogs!"
Sir Spike says: "You curs!"
Sir Spike says: "Ah."
Sir Spike says: "There you are, you mangy mutts."
Rover says: "Who are you calling mutts?"
Rover says: "Unleash the hounds!"
Sir Spike says: "Now, where is Lady Rarity?"
Lady Rarity says: "Spike!"
Lady Rarity says: "I knew you would save me!"
Sir Spike says: "Nothing could stop me, milady."
Lady Rarity says: "Ohohohoh, Spike."
Lady Rarity says: "You are my..."
Lady Rarity says: "hero."
Sir Spike says: "Mmmmmm..."
Applejack says: "Whoa there, lover boy!"
Spike says: "Um, Applejack, is it against the rules to trade names?"
Spike says: "Like if I had a better idea for somepony special?"
Spike says: "I mean specific?"
Applejack says: "If you can figure out who has the pony you want and they're okay with tradin', I guess it's fine."
Spike says: "Great!"
Spike says: "So, uh, who do you—"
Spike says: "?"
Applejack says: "I don't have Rarity."
Spike says: "What?!"
Spike says: "!"
Spike says: "That's not who I—"
Spike says: "!"
Applejack says: "Uh-huh."
Spike says: "Pinkie!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I don't have Rarity!"
Spike says: "Whoa!"
Rarity says: "Oh!"
Rarity says: "How's your shopping going, Spike?"
Spike says: "Uh, fine!"
Rarity says: "Which pony did you get?"
Spike says: "I can't..."
Spike says: "remember?"
Rarity says: "I've got Applejack, darling."
Rarity says: "She's going to adore her present."
Rarity says: "There's a brilliant designer in Manehattan – Fedora Felt – who makes the most marvelous hats."
Rarity says: "I asked for a new take on western chic that would be the envy of every farm pony in Equestria."
Spike says: "That's a great gift, Rarity."
Spike says: "I hope I can find something for my pony as special as you are."
Spike says: "Uh, she is!"
Spike says: "U-Uh, bye!"
Spike says: "Hey, Fluttershy!"
Spike says: "Thinking of getting that for your Hearthswarming Helper?"
Fluttershy says: "Mm-hmm."
Fluttershy says: "She loves shiny things."
Spike says: "I wish I knew what my secret pony wanted."
Spike says: "She's so hard to shop for."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, no."
Fluttershy says: "Maybe I could help."
Fluttershy says: "Unless you don't want to—"
Spike says: "Rainbow Dash."
Fluttershy says: "Oh!"
Fluttershy says: "I was just talking to Rainbow Dash about these—"
Spike says: "Great idea!"
Spike says: "We should trade ponies!"
Fluttershy says: "Wait."
Fluttershy says: "Trade?"
Spike says: "Well, Applejack said it's not against the rules."
Spike says: "And you know what Rainbow Dash likes, so it's perfect."
Spike says: "Thanks!"
Rarity says: "Over the years, my relationship with Spike has changed, but it will always be very special."
Spike says: "Ow!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It sounds like those raccoons need help."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We should check and make sure the raccoons are okay."
Rarity says: "No!"
Rarity says: "I mean..."
Rarity says: "No, you can't move."
Rarity says: "Uh, for the fitting, you see."
Rarity says: "If you start to move too much, then we'll have to do it all over again."
Rarity says: "So..."
Rarity says: "I, uh, I will go check on my animal assistants."
Rarity says: "What exactly are you doing back here?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "Surely you have enough memories by now!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Uh..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "almost?"
Rarity says: "Now, where were we?"
Rarity says: "I must say, I'm quite enjoying this fitting."
Rarity says: "I may not be the ruler of Equestria, but it is nice to hear how I've inspired ponies with my meager talent for fashion."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, come on, Rarity."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Of course you have a knack for design, but you're a lot more than that."
Rarity says: "Perhaps I should take it from here!"
Rarity says: "You castle guards have such a difficult job."
Rarity says: "I'm guessing that at times it can be rather..."
Rarity says: "boring."
Castle Guard 1 says: "It is."
Castle Guard 1 says: "I've counted all three hundred and forty five bolts in the ceiling tiles two hundred and ninety three times!"
Rarity says: "And of course being a castle guard can be thankless work."
Rarity says: "I'm not saying you did, but if you took a break, you more than deserved it."
Castle Guard 1 says: "Oh, you're right."
Castle Guard 1 says: "We don't get a lot of recognition for what we do."
Spearhead says: "Except for last night when somepony was nice enough to leave a cake for us."
Spearhead says: "So we did take one little break when we ate that cake."
Rarity says: "What kind of cake was it?"
Spearhead says: "Cherry with a custard filling."
Rarity says: "Was the frosting vanilla or chocolate?"
Castle Guard 1 says: "Chocolate."
Rarity says: "Was the base of the cake decorated with buttercream rosettes?"
Castle Guard 1 says: "It was."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh, who cares how it was decorated?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rarity says: "Rainbow Dash was questioning my methods."
Rarity says: "But I knew what I was doing."
Pinkie Pie says: "Music is very relaxing."
Rarity says: "Sure..."
Rarity says: "Hmm."
Rarity says: "Much better."
Lord Tirek says: "'Cause when you have to protect yourself, you don't have time for anypony else."
Cozy Glow says: "Too bad you never taught that in school."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Huh?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity, are you okay?"
Rarity says: "Of course I am."
Rarity says: "It's just lovely to hear when a friend thinks highly of you."
Rarity says: "All right."
Rarity says: "Looks like they—"
Rarity says: "I have everything I need."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Really?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you sure you'll be able to finish this dress in time?"
Rarity says: "Oh."
Rarity says: "Oh, that's not your coronation gown."
Rarity says: "I finished that weeks ago."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's gorgeous."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But what is this?"
Rarity says: "That is a backup."
Rarity says: "One can never be too careful when it comes to a coronation."
Rarity says: "I like to have all of my bases covered."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Add that to the list of things I'll never forget about you, Rarity!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ohhhh!"
Rarity says: "Ohhhh!"