Spike says: "There you are, Rarity!"
Spike says: "That's the last of your bags."
Rarity says: "Actually, Spike, I've got one last pile of bags, over there."
Rarity says: "Won't you be a dear?"
Spike says: "Sure..."
Spike says: "I'll be a dear..."
Rarity says: "An entire week in the fabulous city of Manehattan!"
Rarity says: "Plus, all of my very best friends there with me!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Of course we'd all come along to support you during Fashion Week, Rarity!"
Fluttershy says: "Not that you'll need it."
Fluttershy says: "We're sure you'll win."
Rarity says: "I can't begin to tell you how excited I am that you'll all be there with me!"
Rarity says: "However..."
Rarity says: "Perhaps I can show you..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What's that?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh, ooh, ooh, I know!"
Pinkie Pie says: "A paper fan!"
Rarity says: "No, it's—"
Pinkie Pie says: "A magic trick!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You know, where I pick a card and remember what it is and then you put it back in the deck so you can't look at it and—"
Rarity says: "These are tickets to the hottest musical on Bridleway!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You couldn't mean Hinny of the Hills..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "because that show's been sold out for months!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Or could you?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Rarity says: "I could."
Rarity says: "I do."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, Rarity, you didn't have to do that, but..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "since you did..."
Pinkie Pie says: "This trip is fun already!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I love jumping up and down!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whee-hee!"
Rarity says: "Come along, ponies!"
Rarity says: "I found us a place to stay only a block from the train station in the very heart of this glorious metropolis!"
Applejack says: "Hey, look!"
Applejack says: "That's the theatre where Hinny of the Hills is playin'!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wow, Rarity!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "How'd you manage to get us seats for tomorrow night?"
Rarity says: "Oh, I gave some designs to the costume designer, so he pulled a few strings."
Applejack says: "Cool!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Cool!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Cool!"
Rarity says: "That is what makes Manehattan so splendid and amazing."
Rarity says: "You do something nice for somepony, and then you never know when they'll do something nice for you!"
Applejack says: "So then you can do something nice for us!"
Fluttershy says: "Like get us in to see Hinny of the Hills!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Which is only the best musical in all of Equestria!"
Applejack says: "It must be good if Rainbow Dash is impressed."
Applejack says: "Normally she doesn't even like musicals."
Rainbow Dash says: "I know."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ponies just bursting into song in random places at the drop of a hat?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Who does that?"
Rarity.
Oh, Manehattan, what you do to me.
Such a huge bustling community.
And there's always opportunity.
To do the friendly thing.
If some are grouchy, pay no mind.
Surprise instead with something kind.
Lo and behold, you may just find.
A smile is what you bring.
"Luggage Cart" says: "Welcome to the Manefair Hotel!"
"Luggage Cart" says: "Please allow me to take those bags to your room for you!"
Rarity says: "Only if you'll accept this gratuity first."
"Luggage Cart" says: "Oh-ho-ho!"
"Luggage Cart" says: "I'll get your change!"
Rarity says: "Do keep it all."
Rarity says: "I insist!"
Rarity.
Generosity, I'm here to show all that I can give.
Generosity, I'm here to set the bar.
Just sit back and watch how I live.
Rarity says: "After you."
Tourist Pony 1 says: "Why, thank you."
Rarity says: "Please, take mine."
"Wisp" says: "Wow, okay."
Rarity.
Some may say, "Rarity,.
Don't be so big-hearted and bold.
Treating strangers like they're friends.
This town's too big and cold".
But this is how I play my cards.
I'm not about to fold.
Where I see a frown, I go to town.
Call me the smile patrol.
Rainbow Dash.
Oh, Manehattan, what you do to us.
Fluttershy.
What if you find a Gloomy Gus?
Applejack.
It's no intimidatin' thing.
Pinkie Pie.
Just be kind without a fuss.
Rarity.
Generosity, I'm here to show all that I can do.
Generosity, you are the key.
Manehattan, I'm here just for you.
Just for you.
Rarity says: "To think my dresses could soon be displayed on the most glamorous shopping thoroughfare of the most glamorous city in Equestria!"
Rarity says: "Oh, it would be my dream come true!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Is there anything left to do we can help you with?"
Rarity says: "Hm, nothing I can think of."
Rarity says: "The dresses are all completely finished, all made from a fabulous new fabric I've been developing for months."
Rarity says: "Stretchy, but not clingy."
Rarity says: "Shimmery, but not showy."
Fluttershy says: "Sounds amazing."
Rarity says: "There's nothing left for me to do but check in at the runway with my dresses by two this afternoon."
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, that's funny."
Pinkie Pie says: "Because that clock over there makes it seem like that's only ten minutes from now!"
Rarity says: "Oh, my ribbons and threads."
Rarity says: "And the runway ballroom is all the way across town!"
Rarity says: "If I don't get there, I'm disqualified!"
Rarity says: "Taaaaxiii!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, no!"
Fluttershy says: "We've gotta help her find a cab, now!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm on it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey, buddy!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Is this cab taken?"
Cherry Fizzy says: "The line ends back there, "buddy"!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Huh?"
Rainbow Dash says: "What?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Does everypony in this town want a cab?"
Rarity says: "I'm afraid getting a taxi at this time could prove almost impossible!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Please won't you let her have this taxi?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "She has somewhere very important to be right away!"
Businesspony says: "Not likely!"
Businesspony says: "She can get in line like the rest of us!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, it's no use!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The cab drivers just drive right past to get to the next pony in line!"
"Pronto" says: "New wheel works like a charm!"
"Pronto" says: "So now which of you nice folks are hoppin' in?"
Rarity says: "Fashion runway plaza in seven minutes."
Rarity says: "Can you make it?"
"Pronto" says: "Hang on!"
Rarity says: "Ta-ta!"
Spike says: "Whew, that was close."
Spike says: "Anypony else got a sneaking suspicion we're forgetting something?"
Main cast sans Spike says: "The dresses!"
Rarity says: "Good afternoon, I'm here for Fashion Week!"
Janine Manewitz says: "Everypony's gathered in front of the runway and about to start, so you'll just have to bring your dresses along with you and store them backstage later."
Rarity says: "My– My dresses!"
Rarity says: "How could I possibly forget them?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "I'm dooooomed!"
"Luggage Cart" says: "Got 'em right here, ma'am!"
"Luggage Cart" says: "Your friends told me you need these in a hurry, so I offered to race 'em over myself."
"Luggage Cart" says: ""Anything for that nice mare," I told 'em!"
Rarity says: "You're a lifesaver!"
Rarity says: "I made it!"
Rarity says: "And with seconds to spare!"
Rarity says: "Hello, everypony."
Rarity says: "Pleased to meet you all."
Prim Hemline says: "Rarity, I presume."
Rarity says: "You must be Prim Hemline, the host of this grand event."
Rarity says: "How do you—"
Rarity says: "?"
Prim Hemline says: "Miss Rarity, how is it that all your competitors are here half an hour early, and yet you arrive seconds before we begin?"
Rarity says: "Uhhhh..."
Rarity says: "Just..."
Rarity says: "lucky, I guess."
Prim Hemline says: "Once we're done here, you're to finish setting up backstage, so you'll be ready for your run-through appointment."
Prim Hemline says: "You show your designs last."
Prim Hemline says: "We keep to a precise schedule, so let's try to be more than a few seconds early, hmm?"
Prim Hemline says: "Tomorrow is the contest to see which one of you gets to stay to meet top designers all across the city."
Prim Hemline says: "The rest of you must go home early."
Prim Hemline says: "So sad."
Prim Hemline says: "Dismissed!"
Suri Polomare says: "I'm so glad you made it, Rarity!"
Rarity says: "Me too, but everything just seems to keep working out!"
Suri Polomare says: "Don't you remember me?"
Suri Polomare says: "Suri Polomare from the Ponyville Knitters League?"
Rarity says: "Oh, yes, of course, of course!"
Rarity says: "I– I thought you looked familiar, but I couldn't place it."
Rarity says: "You haven't been back in years!"
Suri Polomare says: "Because I moved here to make it in the big city."
Suri Polomare says: ", okay?"
Rarity says: "Oh, good for you, Sur—"
Suri Polomare says: "Ooh, it's so good to see you!"
Suri Polomare says: "And now here we are, competing!"
Suri Polomare says: ", okay?"
Rarity says: "Yes, yes."
Rarity says: "Well, good luck!"
Suri Polomare says: "Oh, I don't need luck."
Suri Polomare says: "Would you like a hoof with your things?"
Rarity says: "Why, thank you so much!"
Suri Polomare says: "My, your collection is gorgeous!"
Rarity says: "Oh now, I'm sure your collection is equally lovely, if not more so!"
Suri Polomare says: "It's alright, but nothing like this!"
Suri Polomare says: "Take my culottes, for example – they are simply crying out for just the right accent, but I haven't the slightest notion where I—"
Suri Polomare says: "Actually..."
Suri Polomare says: "just a touch of this fabric could be perfect with it."
Suri Polomare says: "W– Oh, hey, would you mind terribly if I took a swatch?"
Rarity says: "Oh, not at all!"
Rarity says: "Here, I have loads extra."
Suri Polomare says: "You're sure?"
Rarity says: "Positive!"
Rarity says: "Oh, well, it's been wonderful getting caught up, and I don't wish to be rude, but I must finish my preparations and I am a bit late as it..."
Rarity says: "is?"
Rarity says: "Hello!"
Rarity says: "I'm here half an hour early for my run-through appointment, just the way Prim likes!"
Janine Manewitz says: "Get in line over there."
Janine Manewitz says: "Oh my, that fabric's gorgeous, did you make that yourself?"
Rarity says: "Oh, why, yes."
Rarity says: "It's stretchy, but not clingy."
Rarity says: "Shimmery—"
Suri Polomare says: "..."
Prim Hemline says: "Oh, bravo!"
Prim Hemline says: "I've never seen anything like it!"
Rarity says: "You stole my fabric!"
Suri Polomare says: "I didn't steal it, okay?"
Suri Polomare says: "You gave it to me, 'member?"
Rarity says: "I gave you the fabric for accents!"
Rarity says: "Not for your whole line!"
Rarity says: "And how could you possibly make all of those outfits out of it so fast?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Suri Polomare says: "Fast?"
Suri Polomare says: "Hah!"
Suri Polomare says: "Coco Pommel here took practically forever."
Suri Polomare says: "Nearly got me completely disqualified."
Coco Pommel says: "Well, I wanted to make sure you'd win, so I took the extra time to—"
Suri Polomare says: "Quiet!"
Suri Polomare says: "I pay an assistant to sew and get coffee, not talk."
Suri Polomare says: "'Kay?"
Rarity says: "How could this happen?"
Suri Polomare says: "Aw, sweetie, don't blame yourself."
Suri Polomare says: "It takes some small-town fillies a while to learn it's everypony for herself in the big city, m'kay?"
Suri Polomare says: "Hope you realize how fortunate you are to have me as a mentor."
Suri Polomare says: "Now get me some coffee!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, my gosh, what a great afternoon!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That was almost too much fun!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Better pace yourself, 'cause the rest of the day is jam-packed!"
Applejack says: "First there's the salon appointment to get our manes done."
Pinkie Pie says: "Then our fancy dinner at the Far-Afield Tavern!"
Fluttershy says: "And after that..."
Main cast sans Spike says: "Hinny of the Hills!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Is..."
Rainbow Dash says: "everything okay?"
Pinkie Pie says: "You got the dresses the bellhop brought you and everything, right?"
Rainbow Dash says: "But he said he brought them."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now, Rarity, whatever went wrong, we're all here to help you get through it, no matter what it takes."
Applejack says: "Come on, Rarity, buck up!"
Applejack says: "All we need is some fabric and you'll be back in business!"
Rarity says: "This new line is going to be marvelous!"
Rarity says: "Perhaps even better than the last!"
Rarity says: "It's daring, it's bold!"
Rarity says: "Perhaps I still have a chance after all!"
Rarity says: "Twilight!"
Rarity says: "Sew these pieces together according to that pattern there!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You said if we skipped dinner at the Far-Afield Tavern, you'd order a meal for us while we keep working."
Rarity says: "Don't fret."
Rarity says: "It'll be here in an hour."
Rarity says: "That's not going to be a problem, is it?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, we're supposed to be watching Hinny of the Hills by then..."
Rarity says: "Oh!"
Rarity says: "I see!"
Rarity says: "I go out of my way to get you tickets for a show, and this is how you repay me?"
Rarity says: "By abandoning me in my hour of need?"
Rarity says: "Oh, oh, oh!"
Rarity says: "Fine!"
Rarity says: "Go and see Hinny of the Hills tonight!"
Rarity says: "And then tomorrow morning when you come to see my fashion show without any fashion to show, you can have more entertainment!"
Rarity says: ""Oh, why look, there's our friend Rarity going down in flames!"
Rarity says: "Isn't friendship magic?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity, calm down."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What's gotten into you?"
Rarity says: "What's gotten into you?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "Oh, go ahead!"
Rarity says: "See your little show!"
Rarity says: "Congratu-pony-lations, fillies!"
Rarity says: "Sounds like you've all figured out already it's everypony for herself in this town!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "There."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's the last of them."
Rarity says: "Finally!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're welcome!"
Prim Hemline says: "Let's have another round of applause for Suri Polomare's amazing collection."
Prim Hemline says: "That fabric!"
Prim Hemline says: "So original!"
Suri Polomare says: "Well look who's here."
Suri Polomare says: "Here to show off your copycat collection, mm?"
Suri Polomare says: "Heh."
Prim Hemline says: "And now, Rarity from Ponyville with her brand new line – and I mean "brand new" – Hotel Chic."
Rarity says: "Oh!"
Rarity says: "They're liking it!"
Rarity says: "I think I may have just won this thing!"
Rarity says: "Oh, I can't wait to celebrate with..."
Rarity says: "My friends."
Rarity says: "They didn't come."
Rarity says: "What have I done?"
Prim Hemline says: "Rarity, they all adore you!"
Prim Hemline says: "Aren't you going to tell them about your fabulous pieces?"
Rarity says: "I have to go."
Prim Hemline says: "Come back at once!"
Prim Hemline says: "This is unheard of!"
"Luggage Cart" says: "How do you do, ma'am?"
"Luggage Cart" says: "Contest going well?"
Rarity says: "No time to talk."
Rarity says: "I have to find my friends!"
"Luggage Cart" says: "Oh, uh, they're gone already."
"Luggage Cart" says: "I saw them headed out this morning."
Rarity says: "Oh, no!"
Rarity says: "Back to Ponyville, I imagine."
Rarity says: "Oh, they worked so hard on my behalf!"
Rarity says: "And I repaid them with unkindness."
Rarity says: "What have I done?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "Oh..."
Rarity says: "here you are."
"Luggage Cart" says: "But miss, I– I didn't do anything!"
Rarity.
Oh, Manehattan, what have I done?
The thought of Fashion Week was fun.
But I went way too far.
My friends gave to me in ways so kind.
And I gave them nothing but a hard time.
And now alone I stand.
And now alone I stand.
Rarity says: "I need a moment with Prim Hemline."
Rarity says: "I have to rush back to Ponyville, but I just wanted to thank her first for—"
Suri Polomare says: "Uh-uh-uh, you'd best steer clear of Prim for a while."
Suri Polomare says: "She's pretty furious."
Suri Polomare says: "Isn't that right?"
Coco Pommel says: "Um..."
Coco Pommel says: "yes."
Rarity says: "There you all are!"
Rarity says: "I can't believe it, I thought you went back home!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We missed the show because we overslept."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Suri told us you lost."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm really sorry."
Rarity says: "I lost?"
Rarity says: "You know what?"
Rarity says: "I don't even care."
Rarity says: "I'm just happy you're all still here after how I treated you."
Rarity says: "Taking advantage of your friendship the way I did."
Rarity says: "How could you ever see past it?"
Applejack says: "Yeah, you were pretty rotten."
Rainbow Dash says: "Wow, Applejack."
Rainbow Dash says: "I know your thing is honesty, but come on!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Last night we may not have seen you at your best, but we know you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And we would never let one thing like that change how we feel about you."
Rarity says: "Oh, thank you!"
Rarity says: "You really are the most wonderful friends a pony could have!"
Rarity says: "You know, I already arranged to make it up to you this afternoon!"
Rarity says: "Hope you're all available for an exclusive performance of Hinny of the Hills!"
Suri Polomare says: "And that is how it's done."
Suri Polomare says: "Pretty clever how I convinced her to stay away from Prim, wasn't it?"
Suri Polomare says: "Wouldn't have wanted her to find out the truth now, would we?"
Hinny of the Hills says: "And I'm a dancing pony!"
Applejack says: "Wow!"
Applejack says: "That was even better than I imagined!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I loved it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, I mean, it was a'ight."
Twilight Sparkle says: "How did you ever get them to agree to do an extra performance just for us?"
Rarity says: "Remember my costume designer friend who got me the tickets?"
Rarity says: "Well, I offered to make all the costumes for his next show!"
Fluttershy says: "Um, here in Manehattan?"
Rarity says: "Well, um..."
Rarity says: "yes..."
Rarity says: "it will keep me away from Ponyville for a while."
Rarity says: "But I so wanted you to see this show!"
Rarity says: "And working for this designer is such a great opportunity!"
Applejack says: "We know."
Applejack says: "We're happy for you, Rarity."
Applejack says: "We're just sad for us."
Coco Pommel says: "Mind if I join you?"
Rarity says: "Sure."
Rarity says: "Come on down."
Rarity says: "This is the first place trophy for Fashion Week."
Rarity says: "With my name on it!"
Rarity says: "But I thought I lost!"
Coco Pommel says: "You didn't."
Coco Pommel says: "You won."
Coco Pommel says: "Suri was hoping that if you didn't claim your prize, the judges would consider it a forfeit and first place would go to her."
Coco Pommel says: "So she lied to make you and your friends go away, and, well, I lied too."
Coco Pommel says: "I've worked for Suri for so long, I started to believe that it really is everypony for herself in this town."
Coco Pommel says: "Until I saw how generous you were with your friends and how generous they were with you."
Coco Pommel says: "It made me start believing there was something better for me out there."
Coco Pommel says: "So, I– I quit."
Coco Pommel says: "I brought you something to say thank you."
Rarity says: "Hm."
Rarity says: "I suppose you'll need a job now that you're no longer with Suri."
Rarity says: "How would you like to work for my friend making all the costumes for his next show?"
Rarity says: "Manehattan was simply grand."
Rarity says: "It was in this magnificent metropolis that I learned that, while there are ponies who will take advantage of your generosity, you should never, ever let that cause you to abandon your generous spirit."
Rarity says: "Nothing feels worse than taking advantage of the giving nature of your friends."