Cheese Sandwich says: "Well, Boneless."
Cheese Sandwich says: "Looks like our work here is done."
Cheese Sandwich says: "Yep, those ponies never partied so hard."
Cheese Sandwich says: "Thanks to me: Cheese."
Cheese Sandwich says: "Cheese Sandwich."
Cheese Sandwich says: "Woo-hoo-hoo!"
Cheese Sandwich says: "That was a doozy!"
Cheese Sandwich says: "Well, Boneless."
Cheese Sandwich says: "Looks like our next party is gonna be in..."
Cheese Sandwich says: "Ponyville."
Pinkie Pie.
Every single day there's something new you can plan for.
Every single day there's something wonderful to do.
But nothing makes me happy like a day that I can say.
Vendor Pony says: "How's it going today, Pinkie?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Great, thanks!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Got any streamers today?"
Vendor Pony says: "You betcha!"
Vendor Pony says: "Big party planned?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Don't you know it!"
Pinkie Pie.
Don't have much time to gather all the things I need.
If I'm really gonna make this party fly.
For today's another day that all of Ponyville will say.
Crowd.
There goes the super party pony Pinkie Pie!
Mr. and Mrs. Cake.
She planned our first foal shower where we played all sorts of games.
Having so much fun as we chose Pound and Pumpkin's names.
Diamond Tiara.
She planned my cute-ceañera my dad made me, I won't lie.
I demanded all the best, I suppose she passed the test.
Sure it was pretty good all thanks to Pinkie Pie.
Pinkie Pie says: "Thanks, I guess?"
Art Vendor says: "What color paints do you need?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm gonna need the full rainbow!"
Art Vendor says: "A paintbrush too?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yes, if you please!"
Peachy Pitt says: "And what from me?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Your biggest banner!"
Pinkie Pie says: "This party's gonna be the best!"
Peachy Pitt says: "Haha I don't doubt it!"
Crowd.
Every single day there's something new we can plan for.
Every single day there's something wonderful to try.
But nothing makes us happy like a day that we can say.
Rarity says: "I don't know how she does it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wow, look at her go!"
Applejack says: "Oh, boy!"
Applejack says: "This is gonna be good!"
Fluttershy says: "Go, Pinkie, go!"
Crowd.
There's no other pony like her, no pony that could be.
As great! As great! As fun! As fun!
As our super party pony Pinkie!
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh, I am so, so, SO excited because today I'm planning the birthday bash of..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Rainbow Dash!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Rainbow Dash."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yes, Pinkie?"
Pinkie Pie says: "You realize that, by enlisting me as your party planner, I guarantee that this is going to be the funnest, most fantabulous, superbial party in Ponyville?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "yeah?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I guess."
Pinkie Pie says: "No guesses!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Parties are no picnic."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I like a nice picnic party."
Fluttershy says: "Oh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Parties."
Pinkie Pie says: "Are."
Pinkie Pie says: "Serious!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And you have my certified Pinkie Party Promise that you will have the best birthday party ever!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay."
Pinkie Pie says: "Great!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Now, who's ready to join this super duper party pony to plan this super duper pa-rty?"
Cheese Sandwich says: "I am."
Pinkie Pie says: "Who are you, stranger?"
Cheese Sandwich says: "Name's Cheese Sandwich."
Cheese Sandwich says: "I plan parties."
Pinkie Pie says: "What an amazing coincidence!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm Pinkie Pie, and I'm planning a party!"
Cheese Sandwich says: "Oh, it's no coincidence, my little pony."
Cheese Sandwich says: "My cheesy sense was a-tingling, telling me a party was in the works."
Pinkie Pie says: "A cheesy sense?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Double amazing!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I have a Pinkie Sense!"
Cheese Sandwich says: "Yes."
Cheese Sandwich says: "I sensed you did."
Cheese Sandwich says: "And I happen to be the premiere party planner in all of Equestria."
Cheese Sandwich says: "If there's a party in need, there I'll be."
Cheese Sandwich says: "Be it wingding, hoedown, hootenanny, or shindig, I'm your pony."
Pinkie Pie says: "A pair of party pony planners in Ponyville?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What can be more perfect?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'll tell you what -- making this party epic!"
Rainbow Dash says: "'Cause this isn't just any birthday."
Rainbow Dash says: "It's also the anniversary of when I moved to Ponyville!"
Rarity says: "Good heavens, Rainbow Dash."
Rarity says: "It's your "birth-iversary"!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Exactly!"
Rainbow Dash says: "So what do you say, party planners?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, I think we can do it!"
Cheese Sandwich says: "Oh, I don't think so."
Cheese Sandwich says: "I know so!"
Cheese Sandwich says: "After all..."
Cheese Sandwich.
The super-duper party pony–that pony is me.
I always knew that was the kind of pony I would be.
Pinkie Pie says: "Me too!"
Cheese Sandwich says: "Come on, ponies!"
Cheese Sandwich says: "Who here likes to party?"
Cheese Sandwich says: "Ha-ha!"
Cheese Sandwich says: "You do!"
Cheese Sandwich says: "I can tell!"
When I was but a little colt, I just wanted to play.
Pinkie Pie says: "Like me!"
Cheese Sandwich.
But everypony told me, "Cheese, that fun just wastes the day".
Pinkie Pie says: "As if!"
Cheese Sandwich.
But when I threw a party and I busted out some moves.
Pinkie Pie says: "Uh-huh!"
Cheese Sandwich.
The ponies finally saw the light and got into the groove.
Pinkie Pie says: "You know it!"
Cheese Sandwich.
The super-duper party pony–that pony is me.
Pinkie Pie says: "And me!"
Cheese Sandwich.
You'll never meet another party pony quite like Cheese!
Pinkie Pie says: "Uh, Pinkie?"
Cheese Sandwich says: "Hey, good-lookin', want some mayonnaise?"
My parties are all off the hook.
I never plan them by the book.
I start out fun, then whoopsie-daisy.
Everybody just gets crazy!
Bored of snacks made by your mom?
How about a giant party bomb?
Huge piñatas filled with cake.
Or dive into my fruit punch lake!
Goldengrape says: "Geronimo!"
Cheese Sandwich.
The super-duper party pony–that pony is me.
You'll never meet another party pony quite like Cheese.
C'mon, kid, take it for a spin!
Colt says: "Golly!"
Colt says: "Thanks, mister!"
Cheese Sandwich.
Oh, when I throw a Cheese party, be sure to not be lame.
And miss my pie fights, wacky kites, and streamers in your mane.
Fizzy drinks, Hawaiian shirts, and brie fondue delight.
You know that with Cheese Sandwich, you'll be partying all night!
Rainbow Dash says: "C'mon, everypony!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Let's party down with Cheese!"
Fluttershy says: "You're really a certified party pony?"
Cheese Sandwich says: "That's right!"
Cheese Sandwich says: "That's my guarantee!"
The super-duper party pony–that pony is me-e-e-e-e.
Pinkie Pie.
But what about the super party pony named Pinkie...?
Cheese Sandwich says: "Thanks buddy!"
Cheese Sandwich says: "You're gonna love this party!"
Cheese Sandwich says: "Hey kid, have a streamer, on me!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hah, now that's what I'm talking about!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm so stoked you're here, Cheese Sandwich!"
Applejack says: "Yeah."
Applejack says: "You sure did come on the right day."
Rarity says: "Your party sounds simply divine."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're so lucky to have you here."
Cheese Sandwich says: "Just doing my job, little fillies."
Cheese Sandwich says: "Epic?"
Rainbow Dash says: "You said it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, yeah!"
Cheese Sandwich says: "Feels gouda!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, heh, no offense, Pinkie."
Pinkie Pie says: "Uh, n-none taken."
Rainbow Dash says: "My birth-iversary's already looking way cooler!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You are my kind of party pony, Cheese Sandwich."
Cheese Sandwich says: "You got that right, Rainbow Dash."
Cheese Sandwich says: "All right, party ponies, I've got some planning to do!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Aren't you gonna help Cheese Sandwich plan the party?"
Pinkie Pie says: "That's okay."
Pinkie Pie says: "He obviously has what it takes to do it all by himself."
Pinkie Pie says: "Heh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Really?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yes, indeedy!"
Pinkie Pie says: "After all, if Cheese really is the super duperiest partying-est pony of them all, maybe that means..."
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm..."
Pinkie Pie says: "not."
Pinkie Pie.
For all my life, all I've wanted to do.
Was make my friends want to smile true.
But maybe I was wrong.
And Pinkie Pie shouldn't plan parties at all.
I'll try to get up on my hooves.
And try a different task.
I'll find something new to do.
There's gotta be more to me than planning a party or two.
I put away my party cannon, I deflated all my balloons.
The bubbles all burst, now what is next for you?
For you...
Oh says: "my first party ever."
I remember this one says: "my first party ever."
Oh says: "My whole family was there."
I remember this one says: "My whole family was there."
Oh says: "And that's Twilight's welcome-to-Ponyville party."
I remember this one says: "And that's Twilight's welcome-to-Ponyville party."
Oh says: "She didn't even expect that one."
I remember this one says: "She didn't even expect that one."
Oh says: "Oh, look at Gummy!"
I remember this one says: "Oh, look at Gummy!"
Oh says: "He just looks so excited for this birthday party!"
I remember this one says: "He just looks so excited for this birthday party!"
Oh says: "Hmm."
I remember this one says: "Hmm."
Oh says: "Shining Armor and Cadance's wedding sure was special, especially once I got a hold of the music."
I remember this one says: "Shining Armor and Cadance's wedding sure was special, especially once I got a hold of the music."
Oh, look at those happy faces.
All the parties that I had thrown.
I made them laugh, had such a blast.
A smile that's all their own.
They loved seeing me, the real Pinkie.
Show them the time of their life like they've never known.
Like they've never kno-o-own.
I've got to get back out there, have to show them that I've tried.
For there's only one great party pony -- that is Pinkie Pie.
Won't let Cheese Sandwich beat me, won't let him get me down.
For I am Pinkie, the bestest party pony around!
Rarity says: "I must say I marvel at your superior party planning expertise, Cheese Sandwich."
Applejack says: "Well, they don't call him the super duper party planner for nothin'."
Pinkie Pie says: "That's it!"
Pinkie Pie says: "This pony has gotta get her title back!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And I know just what to do!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Totally awesome!"
Applejack says: "Huh."
Applejack says: "Best I've ever seen."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't believe it!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Freeze, Cheese!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I challenge you..."
Pinkie Pie says: "to a goof off!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, no!"
Fluttershy says: "Not a goof off!"
Applejack says: "What's a goof off?"
Fluttershy says: "I have no idea, hehe."
Cheese Sandwich says: "This Cheese has stood alone a long time, Pinkie Pie."
Cheese Sandwich says: "You think you can out-goof me?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, I don't think so."
Pinkie Pie says: "I know so!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And the stakes are high, Cheese Sandwich."
Pinkie Pie says: "Whoever wins will be dubbed the ultimate super duper party pony and headline the Rainbow Dash birth-iversary bash!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And the loser?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Doesn't!"
Pinkie Pie says: "So, are you in, Cheese?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Or are you..."
Pinkie Pie says: "boneless?"
Cheese Sandwich says: "Nopony calls me boneless."
Cheese Sandwich says: "Right, Boneless?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Then the goof off is on for high noon!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Um, Pinkie?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's already 3 o'clock."
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh."
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, well then."
Pinkie Pie says: "Make it 3:10 to goof off!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "All right, everypony."
Twilight Sparkle says: "According to my official goof off rulebook..."
Rainbow Dash says: "She actually has a goof off rulebook?"
Spike says: "Are you kidding?"
Spike says: "Twilight can find a rulebook for everything!"
Matilda says: "Shhh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The two competitors have free range to goof about -- be it by singing, dancing, playing, prancing, joking, or performing -- to make the judge chortle, chuckle, giggle, guffaw, hoot and holler, whoop it up, and party down."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The funnier, sillier, wilder, and goofier, the better."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow Dash, since the winner will be headlining your party, you are the judge."
Rainbow Dash says: "Heh."
Rainbow Dash says: "Big tense competition on my birth-iversary."
Rainbow Dash says: "What could be better?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Cheese Sandwich, Pinkie Pie, are you ready?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I was born ready!"
Cheese Sandwich says: "I was ready before I was born!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Then..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Let the goofing begin!"
Pinkie Pie.
It's your birthday party, a very special day.
I've got a song, it won't take long, I just wanted to say.
Happy, happy, happy, happy.
Happy, happy, happy, happy.
Happy, happy, happy, happy birthday to you!
Cheese Sandwich.
If you wanna be the life of the party.
But you're feeling just a little uptight.
Call the doctor, beg and plead.
Try to put a little cheese in your knees!
Pinkie Pie.
Bubbles and balloons, bubbles and balloons.
What's a birthday party without bubbles and balloons?
Star-shaped or trapezoid, look what I can do.
Only Pinkie Pie can make a bubble shaped like you!
Cheese Sandwich.
Just let yourself go floppy, for now this is your chance.
Pretend you have no bones and do the rubber chicken dance!
Hit it, Boneless!
Pinkie Pie.
Cooler than a rubber chicken and tastier than cake.
Come on, you, let's party down and do the Gummy shake!
Hit it, Gummy! Uh-huh! You know it! Shake it!
Cheese Sandwich.
Yes I do.
It fills my heart with sunshine all the while.
Yes it does.
From these happy friends of mine.
Pinkie Pie says: "That's my song!"
Cheese Sandwich says: "What do you mean?"
Cheese Sandwich says: "I have no idea what you're talking about."
Pinkie Pie says: "THAT'S IT!"
Pinkie Pie.
Roll out the party cannon.
When you hear the party cannon song.
Ka-BOOM!
Cheese Sandwich.
Why should you compromise? Try this one on for size.
Of the cheese supreme cannonball surprise!
Pinkie Pie.
No pierdas el tino!
Porque si lo pierdes.
Pinkie Pie says: "Rainbow's not having the best party ever!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I..."
Pinkie Pie says: "I broke the Pinkie Party Promise!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Stop!"
Pinkie Pie says: "The goof off is off!"
Rainbow Dash says: "But I haven't named a winner."
Pinkie Pie says: "You don't have to."
Pinkie Pie says: "I forfeit."
Pinkie Pie says: "Which means..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Cheese Sandwich wins."
Cheese Sandwich says: "..."
Cheese Sandwich says: "I do?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yes."
Pinkie Pie says: "You get to headline Rainbow Dash's party."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But, what about you, Pinkie?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I..."
Pinkie Pie says: "I don't."
Rainbow Dash says: "Pinkie, wait!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm sorry I got all swept away by Cheese Sandwich."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We all are."
Spike says: "Sorry, Pinkie."
Pinkie Pie says: "No."
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm sorry I let my pride get in the way of you having the best birth-iversary ever."
Pinkie Pie says: "Cheese Sandwich really is a super duper party planner, and he'll be a terrific headliner."
Pinkie Pie says: "I should've been a big enough pony to admit that and let you have your day."
Rainbow Dash says: "But don't you get it?"
Rainbow Dash says: "You're both super duper party ponies."
Rainbow Dash says: "Sure, Cheese Sandwich is a great guest party pony, but you're Ponyville's permanent party pony."
Rainbow Dash says: "Nopony could ever take your place, and we could never have a party without you."
Cheese Sandwich says: "Rainbow Dash is right."
Cheese Sandwich says: "I never meant to take your place in Ponyville."
Cheese Sandwich says: "I just wanted to show you what a great party pony I am, Pinkie."
Pinkie Pie says: "Why me?"
Cheese Sandwich says: "Well..."
Cheese Sandwich.
I fear I told a little fib about my pony past.
I hope that when you hear the truth, you will not be aghast.
I wasn't quite the super party pony like I claimed.
The fact is that I was so shy, nopony knew my name.
I stumbled into Ponyville one afternoon by chance.
And found the biggest ever celebration party dance.
Everything was perfect, cheer was filling up the place.
And I saw that everypony had a smile upon their face.
I vowed that day to change my life, the past I did set free.
For now Cheese Sandwich was a party pony full of glee.
A super duper party pony -- that's what I became.
I traveled all Equestria, and all did know my name.
But that never would have happened on my own, I'll tell you why.
For the one who threw that party, it was you, Pinkie Pie.
Pinkie Pie says: "Me?"
Cheese Sandwich says: "Yes!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hah, really?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Cheese Sandwich says: "Really!"
Pinkie Pie says: "So I was the pony that threw the awesomely spectacular party that inspired you to become an awesome spectacular party thrower?"
Cheese Sandwich says: "Swear on Camembert!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Enough with the warm fuzzy stuff, you two."
Rainbow Dash says: "It's my birth-iversary, and you gotta throw me a bash!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yeah!"
Cheese Sandwich says: "Let's go!"
Pinkie Pie and Cheese Sandwich.
Super duper party ponies -- that is me and you.
A party thrown by one is good, but not as great as two.
Come on and let's join forces, have twice the expertise.
Now let's all go to the party planned by Pinkie Pie and Cheese!
Cheese Sandwich says: "All right, everypony!"
Cheese Sandwich says: "We are here to celebrate the birthday..."
Pinkie Pie says: "..."
Pinkie Pie says: "and anniversary..."
Pinkie Pie says: "..."
Cheese Sandwich says: "..."
Pinkie Pie says: "of Rainbow Dash!"
Cheese Sandwich says: "of Rainbow Dash!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey, everypony!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Who's ready to get their party on?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hit it!"
Pinkie Pie.
Get your hooves up, party's starting out right now.
Everypony, everypony get down.
Time to make a wish, better make it right now.
It's been a year and today is your birthday party.
Make a wish, it's your birthday.
Make a wish, it's your birthday party.
Make a wish, it's your birthday.
Make a wish, it's your birthday party.
Rainbow Dash says: "Cheese Sandwich!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, I gotta tell ya, you and Pinkie have totally made this the best birthday/anniversary super combo ever!"
Cheese Sandwich says: "Epic?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, it is!"
Cheese Sandwich says: "That's all I needed to hear, little filly."
Cheese Sandwich says: "Just a little memento of my visit."
Pinkie Pie says: "You're giving me your special rubber chicken friend?"
Cheese Sandwich says: "Oh, he's not the only one."
Cheese Sandwich says: "Well, Boneless Two, another job well done."
Cheese Sandwich says: "But it's time we mosey along."
Cheese Sandwich says: "Another town, another party."
Pinkie Pie says: "I never did get that pony's name."
Rest of main cast says: "Cheese Sandwich!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, yeah!"
Instrumental version of The Goof Off plays over credits.