Filthy Rich says: "Hmph!"
Filthy Rich says: "Looks like I'm not the only one who left Mares Day to the last minute."
Sweetie Drops says: "There's just so many!"
Sweetie Drops says: "How can I choose?!"
Sweetie Drops says: "!"
Rose says: "Now, hang on, everypony!"
Rose says: "We'll help all of you!"
Sweetie Drops says: "How?!"
Sweetie Drops says: "!"
Rarity says: "What I would do..."
Rarity says: "..."
Rarity says: "is pick flowers that accentuate my mane."
Rarity says: "It makes for a captivating color story when you present them to whomever they're intended."
Lily Valley says: "That's it!"
Rose says: "Color consultations was a great idea, Rarity!"
Rose says: "Now, what can we do for you?"
Rarity says: "Oh, darling, I need a dozen lavender pieces for Photo Finish's shoot on the most beautiful manes in Equestria."
Rarity says: "I know you're swamped, but it's for Vanity Mare!"
Rarity says: "She's going to take pictures of my mane, so color coordination is a must."
Rose says: "Anything for you, Rarity."
Rarity says: "Have you a single big one?"
Rarity says: "If the wind came from one direction, it would really intensify the effect."
Mr. Breezy says: "I don't."
Mr. Breezy says: "Uh, but I could make you one!"
Mr. Breezy says: "It's not like I've got anything else to do."
Rarity says: "Hmm."
Rarity says: "I do enjoy the windswept look, but other ponies might need to see it before they feel it."
Rarity says: "My mane will be flowing over the chaise in the tableau I have in mind."
Rarity says: "But I was hoping to choose the color."
Rarity says: "Could you make one in a pale yellow?"
Rarity says: "I need something across the color wheel from this."
"Chelsea Porcelain" says: "Oh, if these came in different colors, I'd buy one for every room."
Davenport says: "Hmm..."
Davenport says: "Sales have been down."
Davenport says: "More colors it is!"
Rarity says: "Pinkie?"
Rarity says: "I need to put Photo Finish in a good mood, and nothing creates a better mood than your confecti—"
Rarity says: "Ooh."
Rarity says: "Am I interrupting?"
Pinkie Pie says: "We were just celebrating the anniversary of the twins' first sneezes!"
Just about one year ago.
There was a tickle in your nose.
You snorted through the nursery.
Happy Sneeze-iversary!
Achoo! Achoo! Aaaaa-choo!
Rarity says: "Congratulations."
Rarity says: "Pinkie!"
Rarity says: "I can't have Photo Finish shoot my mane like this!"
Rarity says: "And this party string won't come off!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, that's because it's not just party string."
Pinkie Pie says: "It's super-sticky celebration string!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Sorry."
Pinkie Pie says: "I guess my sneeze-versary was a little too sneeze-abratory."
Rarity says: "Actually, you might consider doing the same."
Pinkie Pie says: "If only we had some kind of super-sudsy mane conditioning shampoo for you and a magical cleaning remover potion for me."
Rarity says: "That's it!"
Rarity says: "We'll pay a visit to Zecora!"
Rarity says: "She's a wonder with a cauldron."
Rarity says: "I'm sure she can mix up a fix for both of us."
Pinkie Pie says: "That's good, because it would take forever to yank all of those baked goods out of the super-sticky celebration string."
Rarity says: "I..."
Rarity says: "think you may still have some baking to do."
Rarity says: "I do wish Zecora lived in town."
Rarity says: "One shouldn't have to brave the darkest part of the forest for shampoo."
Pinkie Pie says: "Do you think Photo Finish would want to take a picture of my mane?"
Rarity says: "Well, uh..."
Rarity says: "Hmm..."
Rarity says: "I'm not sure that your style is quite right for this particular photo essay."
Rarity says: "Photo Finish travelled everywhere in her search for the most beautiful of manes."
Pinkie Pie says: "Even Yakyakistan?"
Rarity says: "Well, yaks don't have manes, per se, and I'm not sure their style is quite what she's looking for either."
Rarity says: "Though at this moment, neither is mine."
Pinkie Pie says: "Don't worry!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Zecora will abso-tively be able to help!"
Rarity says: "I'm sure you're right."
Rarity says: "Listen, spooky eyes!"
Rarity says: "Why don't you take a picture?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "It will last longer!"
Rarity says: "On second thought, don't."
Rarity says: "Getting my picture taken in this state is what I'm trying to avoid!"
Rarity says: "Are you certain that's safe?"
Zecora says: "I'm sure they seem strange, but my methods are mine."
Zecora says: "After all, I've been doing this for quite a long time."
Pinkie Pie says: "I'll have those cupcakes cleaned off in no time!"
Rarity says: "You really should bake new ones."
Pinkie Pie says: "Nah!"
Zecora says: "For your mane, of course, just soap will do, so use my super-sudsy shampoo."
Rarity says: "Oh-ho, what a relief!"
Rarity says: "I can't tell you how worried I was that my mane wouldn't be ready for the shoot."
Zecora says: "You were right to be concerned."
Zecora says: "Manes are tricky, I have learned."
Rarity says: "Oh!"
Rarity says: "Tell me about it!"
Zecora says: "Cleaning is simple, but a magical fix could cause any number of troublesome ticks."
Pinkie Pie says: "Really?"
Zecora says: "Oh, there are tales I could tell to make your hair stand on end."
Zecora says: "Horrifying, terrifying attempts to mane-mend!"
Rarity says: "Well, I do enjoy a good yarn, but I'm not sure I could take anymore mane fright today."
Pinkie Pie says: "Well, I love a good scary story!"
Zecora says: "There's the contagious frizz that spreads friend to friend, or the story of the infinitely splitting end!"
Rarity says: "Uh-huh, hmm, yes, well, very entertaining."
Rarity says: "Uh, thanks for the shampoo."
Rarity says: "Ta-ta!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Anything about curls that keep on curling until your whole body is one big curl?"
Zecora says: "There is one story I nearly forgot: of an Earth pony who needed to clean up her shop."
Pinkie Pie says: "Wow!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That's just what I have to do!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Huh, weird."
Zecora says: "Perhaps it'd be better if I were more clear."
Zecora says: "You can't clean up Sugarcube Corner from here."
Pinkie Pie says: "Geez, Zecora, I can take a hint."
Zecora says: "With just a few drops, any mess you'll improve if you focus on that which you want to remove."
Pinkie Pie says: "It won't be hard to focus on the super-sticky celebration string."
Pinkie Pie says: "It's kinda the only thing you can see."
Pinkie Pie says: "Zecora says it would only take a few drops, but I figured we should all chip in."
Pinkie Pie says: "Just in case!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Remember to only focus on the party string."
Pinkie Pie says: "We don't wanna accidentally remove anything else."
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Sudsy!"
Rarity says: "It's important that you know that I am not pointing hooves, but—"
Zecora says: "I don't understand."
Zecora says: "Is that you, Rarity?"
Zecora says: "Why would you think to point your hooves at me?"
Rarity says: "Let's just say I understand why your shampoo hasn't made a splash in the marketplace."
Rarity says: "Goodness, Zecora!"
Rarity says: "You could at least pretend it isn't that bad!"
Zecora says: "I'm sorry, my dear, but there is nothing to say."
Zecora says: "You just took the wrong potion from here yesterday."
Rarity says: "Oh, thank goodness!"
Rarity says: "I thought maybe your shampoo had triggered early-onset mare pattern baldness!"
Zecora says: "No, this lack of hair was put into motion when you mistakenly washed with remover potion."
Rarity says: "Oh, what a relief!"
Rarity says: "Well, if you could just whip up a cure, I'll be on my way."
Rarity says: "So much to do before the shoot tomorrow."
Zecora says: "As I mentioned before, there's no easy fix."
Zecora says: "Mane-mending magic's the trickiest of tricks."
Rarity says: "Sorry?"
Zecora says: "I doubt that your mane has left us forever."
Zecora says: "There is a chance we can fix it, I think, if we're clever."
Rarity says: "W-w-w-w-w-w-wait, there's, there's a chance?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "You think?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Zecora says: "I need to focus if I'm to work any faster."
Zecora says: "One wrong ingredient spells utter disaster."
Zecora says: "You should go finish your list of to-dos."
Zecora says: "Keep your mind off of all of these mane-losing blues."
Rarity says: "There's nothing to worry about."
Rarity says: "Zecora will have a cure before I've even finished my to-dos."
Rarity says: "But I don't know if I can even show my face looking like this!"
Rose says: "I'm sorry, miss, but I can't match your mane if I can't see it."
Golden Harvest says: "What about mine?"
Rose says: "Marigold, I should think!"
Rarity says: "Uh, sorry."
Rarity says: "I, uh, believe it was my turn, and I-I-I-I just need to pick up some—"
Golden Harvest says: "Perfect!"
Merry May says: "Now me!"
Customer Pony says: "It's wonderful how this display shows that your fans provide just the right amount of air!"
Mr. Breezy says: "Well, I owe it all to Rarity."
Rarity says: "Oh, so kind of you to say."
Rarity says: "I-I—"
Mr. Breezy says: "Kindness has nothing to do with it!"
Mr. Breezy says: "Rarity always knows how to make something look its best."
Mr. Breezy says: "Probably because she looks so good herself!"
Mr. Breezy says: "That ain't something us non-fabulous folk here can understand."
Rarity says: "N-Non-fabulous?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Davenport says: "Now I appreciate everypony's interest in our new sofa colors, but the yellow one is spoken for."
Rarity says: "Oh, thank you, Davenport."
Rarity says: "Um, perhaps I can pick it up once everypony leav—"
Berryshine says: "I'll give you twice whatever the pony who wants to buy the yellow one is paying!"
Sprinkle Medley says: "Three times!"
Rarity says: "But—"
Rarity says: "But—"
Rarity says: "I—"
Rarity says: "I—"
Davenport says: "Sold!"
Rarity says: "I can't believe how differently ponies treat you when you can't command their attention."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you sure that's what happened?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Wait."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You can't command ponies' attention because your mane's messed up?"
Rarity says: ""Messed up"?"
Rarity says: "Does this look "messed up" to you?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "Honestly!"
Rarity says: "How hard is it to pretend it's not so bad?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Hard."
Rarity says: "If today is any indication of how ponies will treat me from now on, I can't simply wait to see if my mane grows back!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sorry, Rarity."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sure nopony means to make you feel worse than you already do."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Didn't you say Zecora was working on a cure?"
Rarity says: "Yes, well, even if everypony isn't utterly indifferent to my presence, Zecora might not be able to fix this in time for the shoot."
Rarity says: "Can't you do a spell to restore some semblance of my mane?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "The thing is, it's pretty much like Zecora said."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Fixing manes with magic is—"
Rarity says: "Tricky!"
Rarity says: "I know!"
Rarity says: "I don't care!"
Rarity says: "Make with the tricks!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Huh?"
Rarity says: "This won't do!"
Rarity says: "I need an actual mane!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "But it has to come from somewhere."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, you can't just make a mane with magic."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The results could be disastrous."
Rarity says: "More disastrous than this?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't think there's anything else we can try."
Rarity says: "B-But Zecora said there was still a chance!"
Zecora says: "At last, Rarity, I have searched for so long!"
Zecora says: "What I told you before was totally wrong!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Zecora, you found a cure?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's amazing!"
Rarity says: "You mean I'll get my fabulous mane back in time for the shoot?"
Zecora says: "Oh, no."
Zecora says: "I'm afraid I can't fix it before the big shoot."
Zecora says: "But in time, the hair will grow back from the root."
Zecora says: "There's no magical cure to hasten us through it, unless you went backward in time to undo it."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Uh-uh."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I think we can both say that's not a good option."
Rarity says: "I have always believed that the right outfit can make up for any other areas that are lacking."
Rarity says: "But I will need your honest opinions."
Rarity says: "How awful is it?"
Applejack says: "Uhhh..."
Fluttershy says: "Uhhh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Uhhh..."
Rarity says: "Oh, come on!"
Rarity says: "Can't anypony pretend it's not bad?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "We could, um, try."
Rainbow Dash says: "Maybe..."
Rainbow Dash says: "?"
Rarity says: "Well, if any of you have an idea how to make this disaster look good enough for Photo Finish's piece in Vanity Mare on the most beautiful manes in Equestria,  I'm open to hearing it!"
Applejack says: "Is that all?"
Rainbow Dash says: "No problem!"
Rarity says: "Hm?"
Bessie being milked.
Rarity says: "I don't understand, Applejack."
Rarity says: "How is milking a cow going to help?"
Applejack says: "That's just it."
Applejack says: "It looks like we hired a new milkmaid..."
Granny Smith says: "This is pretty close to my color as a young'un!"
Applejack says: "Just a little down-home ingenuity."
Rarity says: "It's a good idea, Applejack, but Photo Finish is looking for the most beautiful manes, not bonnets."
Rainbow Dash says: "This'll do the trick."
Rainbow Dash says: "Just you wait!"
Rarity says: "You know, this is really quite fetching!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yes!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Nailed it!"
Rarity says: "..."
Rarity says: "Just not portable."
Fluttershy says: "There!"
Rarity says: "Oh, let's face it."
Rarity says: "I'll just have to call Photo Finish and cancel."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think we all know how bad Rarity's been feeling, but I never thought she'd cancel her shoot with Photo Finish."
Rainbow Dash says: "You saw her mane, right?"
Applejack says: "But it's Rarity."
Applejack says: "If anypony can turn lemons into lemonade, it's her."
Fluttershy says: "I guess it's harder for her when she feels like the lemon."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, she's not a lemon – she's our friend."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And right now, she needs our support."
Rarity says: "Come in."
Rarity says: "Would you mind closing the door?"
Rarity says: "I'm more comfortable in the dark."
Applejack says: "Okay, Rarity, you've done just about enough sulkin'!"
Applejack says: "Havin' a fabulous mane is a wonderful thing, but it ain't the only thing!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "And we're here to remind you how awesome you are, mane or no mane!"
Rarity says: "It's lovely of you to say, but it's hard to argue with cold, hard facts."
Fluttershy says: "What facts are those?"
Rarity says: "That without my mane, I simply can't shine as I once did, and ponies treat me like the sad, invisible pony I've become."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity, you're not invisible."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're our friend."
Twilight Sparkle says: "A friend that started a fashion empire."
Fluttershy says: "A friend who made us all feel beautiful in her lovely creations."
Rainbow Dash says: "A friend who stuck by us, no matter what!"
Applejack says: "A friend so generous that she once chopped off her own tail to help a sea serpent."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know you lost some confidence when you lost your mane, but unlike your hair, confidence is something you can get back right now."
Rarity says: "Goodness..."
Rarity says: "You're right!"
Rarity says: "The only pony behaving differently today was me!"
Rarity says: "Besides, what doesn't shine from the outside in..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Um, Rarity, what are you doing?"
Rarity says: "I'm preparing to shine from the inside out!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Awesome!"
Filthy Rich says: "It's my own fault."
Filthy Rich says: "I shouldn't have bought flowers without asking Spoiled what she likes."
Rose says: "Well, we don't have much left."
Rose says: "What does she like?"
Filthy Rich says: "Um, uh..."
Filthy Rich says: "purple?"
Rarity says: "I have a solution!"
Rose says: "Rarity, that mane is..."
Daisy says: "Amazing!"
Lily Valley says: "Amazing!"
Rarity says: "Thank you."
Rarity says: "Although I'm afraid I missed my chance at Vanity Mare, which means I have quite a few lavender arrangements to spare."
Filthy Rich says: "Uh, is lavender purple?"
Rarity says: "Mm..."
Rarity says: "The windswept look is very last-season."
Rarity says: "Perhaps you could set this up outside."
Rarity says: "It's sure to draw in the hoof traffic."
Stallion says: "Ahhh!"
Rarity says: "Photoshoot or no, you can always use a chaise!"
Applejack says: "Well, Rarity, if you wanted to shine from the inside out, I think this afternoon, you became the brightest filly in Equestria!"
Rarity says: "Oh, pshaw, Applejack."
Rarity says: "I'm simply making up for all the time I wasted feeling sorry for myself."
Rainbow Dash says: "I don't know why you were so upset."
Rainbow Dash says: "Your mane looks awesome!"
Rarity says: "I'm just glad I have all of you to remind me that even if I accidentally use magical remover potion on my mane, I can look good on the outside as long as I feel good on the inside."
Twilight Sparkle says: "How'd you end up using remover potion on your head, anyway?"
Rarity says: "Pinkie!"
Rarity says: "If I had the remover potion this whole time, that means Pinkie must have the—"
Pinkie Pie says: "Wheeeeeeee!"
Rarity says: "..."
Rarity says: "shampoo."
Pinkie Pie says: "Shampoo?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Wow!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That explains why our manes are all so bouncy and soft!"
Rarity says: "Uh, perhaps I'll fetch the rest of that remover potion."
Pinkie Pie says: "Great!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hey, is there something different about you?"
Pinkie Pie says: "New hoof polish?"
Rarity says: "So you're sure?"
Rarity says: "You're sure it's fully recovered?"
Applejack says: "Yes, Rarity."
Applejack says: "It's been months."
Applejack says: "Your mane looks fine."
Pinkie Pie says: "Oooh, look!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's the "Most Beautiful Manes in Equestria" issue of Vanity Mare!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You should read it."
Rarity says: "Oh, honestly, Pinkie?"
Rarity says: "After all I went through, I'm not sure it even matters what mane graces the page—"
Pinkie Pie says: "Read it!"
Rarity says: "But I..."
Rarity says: "I cancelled the shoot."
Applejack says: "We had a little talk with Photo Finish."
Fluttershy says: "And explained just how beautiful we thought you were."
Fluttershy says: "Inside and out."
Rainbow Dash says: "While you were shining from the inside out, Photo Finish took a few pictures."
Rarity says: "I don't know what to say!"
Applejack says: "Luckily, you don't have to say anything."
Applejack says: "Your style speaks for itself."