Spike says: "I made it for you, Rarity."
Spike says: "Why, yes, it is an ice cream house."
Spike says: "Chocolate fudge shingles..."
Spike says: "rocky road garage..."
Spike says: "Huh?"
Spike says: "Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hi, Spike."
Spike says: "It's the middle of the night!"
Spike says: "Why are you pacing like this?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Frankly, I don't know how you can sleep at a time like this!"
Spike says: "Three A."
Spike says: "M."
Spike says: "?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's awful, it's horrible, it's tragic!"
Spike says: "Eh..."
Spike says: "I don't understand."
Spike says: "What's wrong?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now do you see what's wrong?"
Spike says: "We forgot to celebrate Arbor Day?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No, the problem is I just finished planning my schedule for the month, but I forgot to leave time to plan for next month!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Don't you see?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "There's no time in my schedule to put together another schedule!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I could move my meeting with the Ponyville Hay Board to the following Tuesday, but then I have to reschedule my lunch with Pinkie Pie, and you know what a nightmare she is with scheduling."
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is an absolute disaster."
Twilight Sparkle says: "My whole year could be thrown off!"
Spike says: "And I woke up from an ice cream dream for this..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, my gosh, I think I did it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "If I can find a way to read "The Art of Invisibility Spells" and "Thornhoof's Brief History of Canterlot" at the same time, that could leave me a half-hour scheduling window!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Huh?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What's going on?"
Future Twilight Sparkle says: "Twilight, you've got to listen to me!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Who are you?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I mean, you're me, but I'm me too."
Twilight Sparkle says: "How can there be two me's?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's not scientifically possible."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You are not scientifically possible!"
Future Twilight Sparkle says: "Twilight, please!"
Future Twilight Sparkle says: "I have a very important message for you from the future!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're from the future?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What happened to you?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The future must be awful."
Future Twilight Sparkle says: "Please!"
Future Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't have much time!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Is there some sort of epic pony war in the distant future or something?"
Future Twilight Sparkle says: "Actually, I'm from next Tuesday morning, but that's not important right now!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't believe time travel is really possible!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "How did you, I mean, I figure it out?"
Future Twilight Sparkle says: "The time spells are in the Canterlot archives."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Really?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Where?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've never seen them."
Future Twilight Sparkle says: "They're in the Star Swirl the Bearded wing."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Is time travel fun, or does it hurt?"
Future Twilight Sparkle says: "I have something extremely important to tell you about the future, and I only have a few seconds, so you've got to listen!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Future Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh no!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What was she trying to warn me about?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Her clothes, her mane, that scar..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, what a mess she is!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I mean, I am..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "or I will be..."
Pinkie Pie says: "C'mon, Fluttershy!"
Pinkie Pie says: "The party can't start until the party supplies get there!"
Fluttershy says: "Happy to..."
Fluttershy says: "help..."
Fluttershy says: "but..."
Fluttershy says: "can I carry..."
Fluttershy says: "the balloons next time?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Listen, everypony!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've got something really important to say!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is no laughing matter!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We have a crisis on our hooves!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've just been visited by myself from the future!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This isn't a joke!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "My future self tried to warn me about a horrible disaster that's going to occur sometime before next Tuesday morning!"
Applejack says: "What kind of disaster?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I got sucked back into the future before I could explain!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Run for your liiiiiiiife!"
Rarity says: "What ever should we do, Twilight?"
Rarity says: "How do we stop the disaster if we don't know what it is?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We'll just have to work together to make sure we're safe."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow Dash, you and the other Pegasi spread out over Equestria, and look for any kind of problem that could lead to a disaster, and I mean anything."
Rainbow Dash says: "You got it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everypony else, time to disaster-proof Equestria!"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Done, and done, and done."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Applejack, what about the Everfree Forest?"
Applejack says: "The perimeter's clear."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Great."
Rainbow Dash says: "And my team gave the all clear from Fillydelphia to Las Pegasus."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Excellent."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, we've done everything on the list, but still..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Future Twilight looked like she'd been through a horrible ordeal."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just have this nagging feeling we should be looking for something bigger than loose bolts and leaky pipes."
Cerberus roaring.
Pinkie Pie says: "Okay, everypony, follow my lead."
Spike says: "What is that thing?!"
Spike says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's Cerberus!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "He's supposed to be guarding the gates of Tartarus."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But if he's here, then all the ancient evil creatures that have been imprisoned there could escape and destroy Equestria!"
Spike says: "Destroy Equestria?!"
Spike says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yeah!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Isn't it great?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hey, Cerberus!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You look like you could use some obedience training!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Magic obedience training!"
Cerberus roaring.
Twilight Sparkle says: "Huh?"
Fluttershy says: "Who's the cute widdle three-headed dog?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wow, I knew you were good with animals, but this is amazing!"
Fluttershy says: "Aww, he's just a big furry guy who got out of his yard, that's all."
Fluttershy says: "Right, Cerberus?"
Fluttershy says: "Who's a good boy?"
Fluttershy says: "Who's a good boy?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie."
Pinkie Pie says: "Yes, Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Do you have a ball I can borrow?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I have balls stashed all over Ponyville, in case of ball emergency."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hey, Cerberus!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Look what I have!"
Cerberus panting.
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'll be back as soon as I've returned him to the gates of Tartarus."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Once he's back at home, there'll be no disaster."
Spike says: "I wish Twilight would go on epic adventures more often."
Spike says: "Best night's sleep I've had in weeks."
Spike says: "Hey, Twilight."
Spike says: "How'd it go with Cerberus?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Great."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I got him back before any of the evil creatures could escape."
Spike says: "Hurrh..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh no!"
Spike says: "What's the big deal, it's just a 'lost dog' flyer."
Spike says: "I guess the Princess hasn't heard we found Cerberus yet."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's not that, it's this!"
Spike says: "A paper cut?"
Spike says: "Come on, Twilight, you really need to toughen up."
Spike says: "Just clean it out and you'll be fine."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The cut's in the exact same spot as the scar on future Twilight's cheek!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We haven't changed the future at all!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The disaster is still coming!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "If the disaster wasn't caused by Cerberus getting loose, then what could it possibly be?"
Spike says: "I dunno, but maybe you ought to give the pacing a rest."
Spike says: "You've worn a groove into the floor!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't have time for another one of your lectures, Spike!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is serious!"
Spike says: "My lectures?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I did everything I could think of to change the future."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But it didn't work."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So maybe it's not what I do..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe it's what I don't do!"
Spike says: "Huh?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "If I stand right here and don't move a muscle until next Tuesday, I can't possibly do whatever it is that future Twilight wanted to warn me not to do!"
Spike says: "Really?"
Spike says: "So..."
Spike says: "no matter what happens, you're not gonna move a muscle, huh?"
Spike says: "Then maybe you won't mind if I..."
Spike says: "eat an entire tub of ice cream!"
Spike says: "Mmm!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike, stop!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Think of the stomach ache!"
Spike says: "Stomach ache, huh?"
Spike says: "That's future Spike's problem."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey, Twilight, another Pegasus just got back from Baltimare with an all-clear and–  What's going on?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Aren't you gonna stop him?"
Spike says: "She sure isn't!"
Spike says: "In fact, she's not gonna move 'til next Tuesday!"
Spike says: "She thinks it'll prevent the disaster from happening!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey, Twilight!"
Rainbow Dash says: "There's a mouse right behind you!"
Spike says: "Wait, wait, wait, let me try!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh no!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What happened?"
Spike says: "I'm so sorry!"
Spike says: "I didn't mean to!"
Spike says: "It was a total accident!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Show me."
Rainbow Dash says: "Uhhh..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Show me!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh no!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is the same mane cut as future Twilight!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Y'know..."
Rainbow Dash says: "it really doesn't look too bad..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't care how it looks!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's just another sign that the future hasn't changed!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Not doing anything didn't work either!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, I wish there was a way to know what was going to happen so I could stop it!"
Spike says: "You wanna see the future?"
Spike says: "I might know somepony who can help!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What's this?"
Spike says: "It's Madame Pinkie's place."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Madame Pinkie?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Do you like my mystical orb of fate's destiny?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I just got it."
Pinkie Pie says: "Cool, huh?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yeah, uh..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "best one I've seen."
Pinkie Pie says: "Look deep into the crystal ball..."
Pinkie Pie says: "for soon it will reveal all!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ah, yes, I see something..."
Pinkie Pie says: "It is a vision of the future..."
Pinkie Pie says: "I see..."
Pinkie Pie says: "you, Twilight."
Pinkie Pie says: "You will get a really cool birthday present next year..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes, and?"
Pinkie Pie says: "That's it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you sure?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yep."
Pinkie Pie says: "Cool birthday present."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie, I need your Pinkie Sense to tell me what the impending disaster is that future Twilight was trying to warn me about!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, my fortunetelling has nothing to do with my Pinkie Sense, silly."
Pinkie Pie says: "It's only good for vague and immediate events."
Pinkie Pie says: "Like that, see?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Where did that even come from?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Lalalalalalala, lalalala..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Gosh, I haven't seen Twilight since the flowerpot incident."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hope she still isn't mad."
Pinkie Pie says: "Uhhhh..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Off by point zero two from yesterday."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Carry the fifteen..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Negative azimuth on the fourteenth moon..."
Spike says: "Hey Pinkie."
Pinkie Pie says: "Twilight's really serious about finding out about that cool birthday present, isn't she?"
Spike says: "Who cares?"
Spike says: "As long as I can keep eating ice cream."
Spike says: "Sorry, future Spike."
Pinkie Pie says: "Are..."
Pinkie Pie says: "you okay?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ah, Pinkie, I'm glad you're here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Can you help me recalibrate the apertures on the nine-and-quarter catadioptric telescopes?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Sure!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "So I was thinking, after I came to see Madame Pinkie and the flowerpot landed on my head—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "see the bandage?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just like the bandage from the future..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Nice!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I had an epiphany after that flowerpot."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Doing things didn't work, not doing things didn't work, and I couldn't predict the future either, so I only had one other choice."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Monitor everything."
Pinkie Pie says: "Makes sense to me!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That way no matter what happens in the future, I'll be ready!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I thought I saw something last night in the Horsehead Nebula, but after staring at it for three straight hours I realized, I was wrong!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Three hours?"
Pinkie Pie says: "But when did you sleep?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, I didn't sleep."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I haven't slept since future Twilight was here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There are only three days left until next Tuesday, I can sleep all I want after that!"
Spike says: "You've been awake too long, Twilight."
Pinkie Pie says: "Yeah."
Pinkie Pie says: "Tuesday's not three days from now, Tuesday's tomorrow!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie, did you finish recalibrating the apertures on the nine-and-quarter-inch catadioptric telescopes?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I have no idea!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ah!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "My eye!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Don't worry, Twilight, I have eye patches stashed all over Ponyville, in case of eye patch emergency."
Pinkie Pie says: "There!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Now you look like a pirate!"
Pinkie Pie says: "A sleepy pirate, with a really weird mane cut."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The eye patch..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Another sign!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nearly all the signs have come true!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I haven't done a thing to prevent the catastrophe!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "If Tuesday's tomorrow, and the disaster happens by Tuesday morning, then there's only one solution."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'll just have to..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "stop time!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, the Canterlot archives are right over there."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Let's move!"
Spike says: "Uhh..."
Spike says: "I don't think we need to sneak around, Twilight."
Spike says: "It's not illegal to walk around Canterlot."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That was close."
Spike says: "I dunno why we have to wear these things, either."
Pinkie Pie says: "Aren't we wearing them for fun?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No, there's nothing fun about this!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Are you sure?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Focus, guys!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The only way to prevent this disaster is to stop time!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Time spells are kept in the Star Swirl the Bearded wing, the most secure section of the archives."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's why we're sneaking around!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Awesome!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That sounds fun!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No, it's not fun!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Aww."
Pinkie Pie says: "I still don't understand how sneaking into the archives is gonna help her find out about her birthday present."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The coast is clear."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now slowly lift me into the window so we can– AH!"
Spike says: "Let's get this over with."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, if my calculations are correct, the Star Swirl the Bearded wing should be right..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "here."
Spike says: "Uh, Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What is it, Spike?"
Spike says: "Isn't this where we came in?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Cool!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Can we climb in the window again?"
Pinkie Pie says: "That was super fun!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't understand."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's supposed to be right here..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "How are we supposed to find it now?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Maybe we should ask somepony in the Star Swirl the Bearded wing?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Huh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "How'd I miss that?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Look at all those priceless magic scrolls."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There are more than I ever imagined!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Twilight, the guard!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What do we do, what do we do?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Guard says: "Hey, Twilight, haven't seen you in a while."
Guard says: "Let me open that for ya."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thanks!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh no!"
Spike says: "Oof!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Look!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I look just like future Twilight..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The last sign has come true!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And that's bad, right?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come on!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's almost Tuesday morning!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The disaster could happen at any moment!"
Spike says: "But how do we find the time-stopping spell?"
Spike says: "There must be a million scrolls here!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Don't."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Know!"
Spike says: "Twilight, it's over!"
Spike says: "It's officially Tuesday morning."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nnngh, no!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Tuesday morning, the disaster!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Incoming!"
Spike says: "I dunno, Twilight."
Spike says: "I don't see any disasters."
Spike says: "Looks like a pretty nice day."
Princess Celestia says: "Good morning, Twilight."
Princess Celestia says: "Love the new hairstyle."
Princess Celestia says: "Well, happy Tuesday!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why isn't anypony surprised to see me sneaking around in here?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Is it possible there never was a disaster?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That I've just been making myself frantic over nothing?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Spike says: "I don't get it."
Spike says: "If future Twilight wasn't warning you about a disaster, then what was she trying to tell you?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I do know one thing."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I look ridiculous."
Spike says: "Yeah, you do!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And it's all because I couldn't stop worrying and let the future handle itself!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, not anymore."
Twilight Sparkle says: "From now on, I'm gonna solve problems as they come, and stop worrying about every little thing!"
Spike says: "That's great!"
Spike says: "Does that mean there won't be any more late night pacing?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No more late night pacing."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If only I had learned this lesson a week ago, we wouldn't have had to go through all this."
Pinkie Pie says: "Twilight, Twilight, I found something!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It doesn't stop time, but it lets you go back in time."
Pinkie Pie says: "It says you can go back once, and it only lasts for a few moments."
Pinkie Pie says: "Does that help?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie, you're a genius!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Woo-hoo!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now I can go back and tell past Twilight that she doesn't need to go berserk with worry about a disaster that's never gonna come!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Twilight, you've got to listen to me!"
Past Twilight Sparkle says: "Who are you?"
Past Twilight Sparkle says: "I mean, you're me, but I'm me too."
Past Twilight Sparkle says: "How can there be two me's?"
Past Twilight Sparkle says: "It's not scientifically possible."
Past Twilight Sparkle says: "You are not scientifically possible!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Twilight, please!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I have a very important message for you from the future!"
Past Twilight Sparkle says: "You're from the future?!"
Past Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Past Twilight Sparkle says: "What happened to you?"
Past Twilight Sparkle says: "The future must be awful."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Please!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't have much time!"
Past Twilight Sparkle says: "Is there some sort of epic pony war in the distant future or something?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Actually, I'm from next Tuesday morning, but that's not important right now!"
Past Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't believe time travel is really possible!"
Past Twilight Sparkle says: "How did you, I mean, I figure it out?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The time spells are in the Canterlot archives."
Past Twilight Sparkle says: "Really?"
Past Twilight Sparkle says: "Where?"
Past Twilight Sparkle says: "I've never seen them."
Twilight Sparkle says: "They're in the Star Swirl the Bearded wing."
Past Twilight Sparkle says: "Is time travel fun, or does it hurt?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I have something extremely important to tell you about the future, and I only have a few seconds, so you've got to listen!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "–waste your time..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "worrying..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "about..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ugh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't believe I just did that!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Did you tell her about the cool birthday present?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Remember last week when future Twilight came to warn me about something?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That was me trying to warn myself not to worry so much!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now I'm gonna spend the next week freaking out about a disaster that doesn't even exist!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ugh..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Ah, don't worry about it."
Pinkie Pie says: "It's past Twilight's problem now."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Huh, I guess you're right, Pinkie."
Spike says: "Ohhh..."
Spike says: "my stomach..."
Spike says: "I, I think it's all that ice cream..."
Spike says: "I thought the stomach ache would be future Spike's problem..."
Spike says: "but now I am future Spike."
Spike says: "Ohh..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come on, future Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Let's get you home."