Fluttershy says: "Oh!"
Fluttershy says: "Be careful!"
Fluttershy says: "Are you okay, Angel?"
Fluttershy says: "I told you that entering the Ponyville Paw-kour Contest was a dangerous idea."
Fluttershy says: "You just rest here, and I'll have you all fixed up in no time."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, dear."
Fluttershy says: "I'm all out of bunny foot braces."
Fluttershy says: "I think we need to pay a visit to Dr."
Fluttershy says: "Fauna."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I was sure she would be here today."
Fluttershy says: "Hello?"
Fluttershy says: "Is anypony there?"
Dr. Fauna says: "Fluttershy?"
Dr. Fauna says: "Oh, am I glad to see you!"
Fluttershy says: "I wish I could say the same, but the door's stuck, so I, um..."
Fluttershy says: "can't see you."
Dr. Fauna says: "Ohhhh."
Dr. Fauna says: "Somebunny hurt his foot."
Dr. Fauna says: "Let's bandage that up so he can get back home."
Dr. Fauna says: "I'd like to keep him overnight, but as you can see, my place is just bursting with animals!"
Dr. Fauna says: "I don't think I can take in even one more critter right now!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, dear."
Dr. Fauna says: "Oh, dear."
Fluttershy says: "You really have your hooves full here."
Dr. Fauna says: "This place is like a zoo!"
Dr. Fauna says: "Then again, it's normally like that, but still..."
Dr. Fauna says: "I can't keep up!"
Dr. Fauna says: "Oh."
Dr. Fauna says: "Now, does my favowite wittle bunny want a carrot pop?"
Dr. Fauna says: "That's okay."
Dr. Fauna says: "I think the goats ate all of them anyway."
Fluttershy says: "I just can't believe all these poor little animals are hurt."
Fluttershy says: "What happened?"
Dr. Fauna says: "I'm flummoxed!"
Dr. Fauna says: "Every day, there's more and more animals on my doorstep."
Dr. Fauna says: "Most of them just have minor ailments – hurt wings, stuffy noses, and such."
Dr. Fauna says: "But the trouble is even after they're all healed up, I can't seem to get these comfy critters to leave!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, dear."
Fluttershy says: "They do seem to have made themselves right at home here."
Dr. Fauna says: "I wonder why they chose to flock to my office."
Dr. Fauna says: "It just doesn't make sense."
Fluttershy says: "Don't be silly, Dr."
Fluttershy says: "Fauna."
Fluttershy says: "You're the best vet pony in Equestria."
Fluttershy says: "At least that's what I've been telling everypony."
Dr. Fauna says: "Uh..."
Dr. Fauna says: "you did what?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, no."
Fluttershy says: "Do you suppose it's my fault?"
Fluttershy says: "I'm so sorry."
Fluttershy says: "I didn't mean for this to happen."
Fluttershy says: "I just know animals feel safe and happy under your care."
Dr. Fauna says: "Normally, I don't mind if a snake wants to slither in or a raccoon needs a rest, but now this place is so full, I have no space to treat any injured animals."
Fluttershy says: "That is a big problem..."
Fluttershy says: "that I'm going to fix for you!"
Fluttershy says: "I already have the perfect solution that'll make the critters happy and give you more space."
Fluttershy says: "Then you'll have all your ducks in a row!"
Dr. Fauna says: "The sooner you fix it, the better!"
Fluttershy says: "I'm on it!"
Fluttershy says: "I want to thank you all for rushing right over when I called."
Fluttershy says: "Dr."
Fluttershy says: "Fauna needs my help with a serious problem."
Twilight Sparkle says: "A friendship problem?"
Fluttershy says: "No."
Fluttershy says: "Her vet clinic is a bit..."
Fluttershy says: "maybe, um..."
Fluttershy says: "overrun with adorable critters in dire need of a safe place to lay their heads, and..."
Fluttershy says: "they don't have anywhere to go!"
Rarity says: "Oh, that's just awful."
Fluttershy says: "I know!"
Applejack says: "Yeah."
Applejack says: "Dr."
Applejack says: "Fauna's always fixin' Winona up when she ain't feelin' too fine, so helpin' her out is A-okay by me."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah!"
Rarity says: "You can count on us!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Okie-dokie-lokie!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, that's great news!"
Fluttershy says: "Because it means you'll all be helping me with something special, too."
Fluttershy says: "Something that's been a dream of mine for a long time."
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, goody!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Is your dream to make a bouncy castle shaped like a gigantic bundt cake?"
Fluttershy says: "Um, no."
Fluttershy says: "Not exactly."
Pinkie Pie says: "Huh."
Pinkie Pie says: "Just me then."
Rainbow Dash says: "So?"
Rainbow Dash says: "What is it, Fluttershy?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Spill!"
Fluttershy says: "My dream is to build a real animal sanctuary."
Fluttershy says: "A beautiful habitat where every animal – whether sick or scared or even just lonely, feathered or furry, scaly or slimy – every critter would be welcome."
Fluttershy says: "My sanctuary can be the one place in Equestria they call home 'til they feel ready to take on the world."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wow, Fluttershy!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've never heard you speak with such conviction."
Rarity says: "Oh!"
Rarity says: "That was exquisite!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Pretty awesome."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, thank you, everypony."
Fluttershy says: "You all taught me so much about building my confidence over the years."
Fluttershy says: "It's because of your friendship that I finally feel able to make my dream project a reality."
Fluttershy says: "But I can't build the sanctuary alone."
Fluttershy says: "Will you join me?"
Applejack says: "I'm happy to offer my extra hooves to ya."
Applejack says: "Huh."
Applejack says: "But come to think of it, I actually know a filly who'd be more help than I would."
Applejack says: "She's a friend of mine from Winona's sheep-herdin' competitions – Wrangler!"
Applejack says: "Heh."
Applejack says: "She's an expert in animal enclosures."
Fluttershy says: "How lovely!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh-ooh-ooh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I know somepony, too!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hard Hat is the best construction pony in Ponyville."
Pinkie Pie says: "He can build anything you could ever, ever, ever want!"
Rarity says: "Hearing you all mention these experts, I am reminded that I too have the perfect pony to help capture the essence of your vision."
Rarity says: "To give it some style, some flair!"
Fluttershy says: "Is it you, Rarity?"
Rarity says: "No!"
Rarity says: "No."
Rarity says: "Um, I was referring to the premiere interior designer of the Canterlot elite – Dandy Grandeur."
Rarity says: "He helped me when I was setting up my Canterlot boutique."
Rarity says: "I know that he'd be thrilled to work with you."
Fluttershy says: "Wow, everypony!"
Fluttershy says: "Thank you!"
Fluttershy says: "I can't wait to meet all of them and hear their ideas."
Fluttershy says: "We're right on track to building the most wonderful sanctuary in Equestria!"
Fluttershy says: "Thank you, Rupert."
Fluttershy says: "Ahem."
Fluttershy says: "It's wonderful that you all could join me to discuss the Ponyville sanctuary project."
Fluttershy says: "My friends have so many nice things to say about each of your talents."
Fluttershy says: "This is a big project, so I'm happy to have such experienced ponies working on it with me."
Dandy Grandeur says: "Rarity has impeccable taste in design and friends, so I can't wait to work with you, you know?"
Fluttershy says: "I-I think so."
Wrangler says: "Yee-haw!"
Wrangler says: "I'm just lookin' forward to helpin' ya out, ma'am!"
Wrangler says: "And the animals."
Fluttershy says: "Of course."
Hard Hat says: "So, uh, Pinkie Pie said you drew up some blueprints?"
Fluttershy says: "Um, not exactly."
Fluttershy says: "It's more of a dream board."
Hard Hat says: "Hmmm, that sure doesn't look like an animal hospital."
Fluttershy says: "Well, that's because it's not."
Fluttershy says: "It's a sanctuary."
Fluttershy says: "A place that is safe but not restrictive."
Fluttershy says: "Cozy but natural."
Fluttershy says: "A place where the animals can come and go as they please."
Fluttershy says: "So, can you build it?"
Wrangler says: "Uhhh..."
Hard Hat says: "Uhhh..."
Dandy Grandeur says: "Uhhh..."
Fluttershy says: "I want the sanctuary to have an open floor plan."
Fluttershy says: "No walls."
Fluttershy says: "More like an enclosure that melts into the trees."
Fluttershy says: "With a gate in the back."
Fluttershy says: "That way, the animals can return to the forest right when they feel ready."
Pinkie Pie says: "Sneaky!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I like it!"
Hard Hat says: "You know, uh, I designed the Ponyville Hospital."
Hard Hat says: "I could do the exact same thing right here."
Hard Hat says: "I still have the blueprints."
Hard Hat says: "Though it'll take a while to clear all these trees."
Fluttershy says: "But I don't want to clear the trees."
Fluttershy says: "I want to use them."
Hard Hat says: "Are you sure?"
Hard Hat says: "What you're talking about doesn't really seem like a cohesive structure."
Hard Hat says: "Or any structure I'm familiar with."
Fluttershy says: "Critters don't live the same way ponies do."
Fluttershy says: "I know this is unconventional, but that's because we're trying to do something that's never been done before."
Fluttershy says: "I really believe it'll work."
Hard Hat says: "Hmm."
Hard Hat says: "All right then."
Hard Hat says: "I'll see what I can do."
Pinkie Pie says: "See, Fluttershy?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whatever you want."
Fluttershy says: "Good."
Hard Hat says: "I know she thinks she knows what's best, but once she sees how much better it works with these plans, she'll thank us."
Steam Roller says: "Uh-huh, yup."
Jack Hammer says: "Uh-huh, yup."
Dandy Grandeur says: "Which one do you like for the window treatments?"
Rarity says: "Ooooh!"
Rarity says: "Loving the print on those!"
Fluttershy says: "Um, not to be rude, but there must be some mistake."
Fluttershy says: "We have no need for curtains at the sanctuary."
Dandy Grandeur says: "And whyever not?"
Fluttershy says: "Everything is gonna look natural in the animal habitats, not like it was made for ponies."
Dandy Grandeur says: "All those shades of brown and green?"
Dandy Grandeur says: "But..."
Dandy Grandeur says: "they're so..."
Dandy Grandeur says: "drab, you know?"
Fluttershy says: "Drab?"
Fluttershy says: "You're calling the colors of beautiful trees drab?"
Dandy Grandeur says: "Exactly!"
Dandy Grandeur says: "The natural look is not in right now."
Dandy Grandeur says: "This is better."
Dandy Grandeur says: "Trust me."
Fluttershy says: "I appreciate your input, but I just know the animals would be happiest with dirt brown pillows and leaf green accents."
Dandy Grandeur says: "I'll..."
Dandy Grandeur says: "look into it."
Fluttershy says: "Thank you."
Rarity says: "When a client has a vision..."
Dandy Grandeur says: "..."
Dandy Grandeur says: "Sometimes they need me to steer them away from it."
Dandy Grandeur says: "Especially if it's dirt brown."
Wrangler says: "And right there, we got your standard sheep-travelin' cage."
Wrangler says: "Fits two critters, dependin' on size."
Fluttershy says: "Hmm."
Applejack says: "Uh, what is it, sugarcube?"
Fluttershy says: "I'm looking for something less like a cage and more like a nice hug."
Fluttershy says: "Maybe if we lose that part."
Wrangler says: "Uh..."
Wrangler says: "Well then, it wouldn't be a cage."
Fluttershy says: "Exactly!"
Fluttershy says: "Ooh!"
Fluttershy says: "This is the perfect base for a little nest."
Fluttershy says: "I'll take a bunch of these and anything else the animals can burrow into."
Wrangler says: "You sure you don't want somethin' more secure for the critters?"
Applejack says: "She does have a point there."
Applejack says: "You wouldn't want a bunny wanderin' into the wrong cave, would ya?"
Fluttershy says: "No!"
Fluttershy says: "No cages."
Fluttershy says: "I want to give the animals the freedom to come and go."
Fluttershy says: "It's the only way they'll feel comfortable."
Applejack says: "Well, she's the boss."
Hard Hat says: "Hey, whaddya think, Fluttershy?"
Hard Hat says: "I told ya we'd be fast."
Hard Hat says: "Almost finished with the building already."
Dandy Grandeur says: "The color just pops, you know?"
Wrangler says: "Quite roomy inside, really."
Wrangler says: "And very safe."
Dandy Grandeur says: "Don't keep us waiting, Fluttershy."
Dandy Grandeur says: "Do you love it, or do you love it?"
Fluttershy says: "I..."
Fluttershy says: "I..."
Fluttershy says: "I don't love it!"
Fluttershy says: "This is not going to work at all!"
Fluttershy says: "A giraffe can't fit through this door!"
Fluttershy says: "With these curtains blocking the light, how are the birds gonna sing in the sunshine?"
Fluttershy says: "And this is the opposite of a nice hug!"
Fluttershy says: "I know you all worked hard, but none of you did anything I asked for!"
Hard Hat says: "That's not true."
Hard Hat says: "We used the trees just like you asked!"
Dandy Grandeur says: "And that curtain fabric is organic!"
Dandy Grandeur says: "It's got natural fibers!"
Wrangler says: "And I added pillows inside my cages."
Wrangler says: "That should count as feelin' like a hug!"
Fluttershy says: "I may not know much about construction or interior design or wrangling, but I am an expert at one thing: the care of animals!"
Fluttershy says: "And what animals need is a sanctuary, not this!"
Dandy Grandeur says: "Maybe your "vision" wasn't all that it was cracked up to be, you know?"
Fluttershy says: "My vision isn't the problem here!"
Fluttershy says: "I told you all exactly what I wanted, and none of you listened to me!"
Fluttershy says: "So while I appreciate your efforts, I no longer require your services!"
Dr. Fauna says: "Hello!"
Dr. Fauna says: "Oh, the animals have been so excited for the sanctuary, they couldn't wait any longer!"
Dr. Fauna says: "Can we take a look inside?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, um, actually, it's, uh, not ready and..."
Dr. Fauna says: "Oh, I'm so sorry, Fluttershy."
Fluttershy says: "No."
Fluttershy says: "I'm the one who should be sorry."
Fluttershy says: "This didn't go at all like I had imagined."
Fluttershy says: "Sleep tight, little one."
Fluttershy says: "It's going to be okay."
Fluttershy says: "I promise."
Fluttershy says: "Now, now, every mouse has gotta wait their turn."
Fluttershy says: "I'm so sorry."
Fluttershy says: "I thought I'd have a beautiful sanctuary for you all to stay in by now."
Fluttershy says: "But I put my trust in the wrong ponies."
Dr. Fauna says: "It's okay, Fluttershy."
Dr. Fauna says: "I know you did your best, but we can make this work here."
Dr. Fauna says: "It'll be a bit, uh..."
Dr. Fauna says: "tight."
Dr. Fauna says: "Heh."
Dr. Fauna says: "But with your help, we'll have these patients back on their paws in no time, even without a sanctuary."
Fluttershy says: "No!"
Fluttershy says: "I won't give up!"
Fluttershy says: "These animals need me!"
Fluttershy says: "And I'm gonna solve this once and for all!"
Fluttershy says: "If this little lady can crawl all the way here from Western Equestria, I can find a way to build her a safe place to rest!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh!"
Fluttershy says: "Oops."
Fluttershy says: "Everyone back to sleep now."
Fluttershy says: "Thanks for coming, everypony."
Fluttershy says: "As you know, building the sanctuary didn't go quite as planned."
Pinkie Pie says: "I know, right?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Who would've guessed that Hard Hat wouldn't build whatever you want?"
Rarity says: "I never would've invited Dandy to help if I thought he'd act in such a manner."
Applejack says: "And Wrangler sure made a fool outta me, too."
Applejack says: "I'm sorry, Fluttershy."
Fluttershy says: "It's okay."
Fluttershy says: "You were all just trying to help."
Fluttershy says: "But I know that letting all the experts go was the right call."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So what are you gonna do now?"
Fluttershy says: "Try again."
Fluttershy says: "I'm going to rebuild the sanctuary and do it my way this time."
Pinkie Pie says: "All right, Fluttershy!"
Applejack says: "You show 'em, filly!"
Rarity says: "That's the spirit!"
Rainbow Dash says: "How about putting an awesome flying course for the birds right there?"
Pinkie Pie says: "And a carrot cake stand here?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ooh, a library cave?"
Fluttershy says: "Everypony, stop!"
Fluttershy says: "I appreciate you sharing your thoughts, but I need everypony to respect mine."
Fluttershy says: "Other ponies may be experts in their fields, but animals are my field of expertise."
Fluttershy says: "And if I say this is what I want, then this is what needs to happen!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, um, for the animals of course."
Pinkie Pie says: "Wow!"
Pinkie Pie says: "We should call you "Flutterbold" now!"
Fluttershy says: "To get things back on track, I called in a favor from an old friend."
Fluttershy says: "He'll be here any minute."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I thought you said no more experts."
Fluttershy says: "This is one expert I know I can trust to put the animals first."
Fluttershy says: "Plus there's nopony better at building."
Big Daddy McColt says: "I heard somepony needs construction help fer them critters!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Big Daddy McColt!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We met each other back when the map called me and Fluttershy to the Smokey Mountains!"
Fluttershy says: "And he certainly knows his stuff when it comes to buildings and caring for animals."
Big Daddy McColt says: "Well, shucks."
Big Daddy McColt says: "Let's not stand around talkin' about it."
Big Daddy McColt says: "Let's build us a sanctuary!"
Fluttershy says: "Are you ready?"
Dr. Fauna says: "Oh, I'm more excited than a beaver in a log pile!"
Fluttershy says: "Okay, you can open your eyes!"
Fluttershy says: "Welcome to Sweet Feather Sanctuary, a safe and cozy retreat for everycreature!"
Dr. Fauna says: "Oh, Fluttershy!"
Dr. Fauna says: "This is amazing!"
Fluttershy says: "Now you should have plenty of room at the clinic."
Fluttershy says: "Because once you've treated them, they can recover here!"
Fluttershy says: "With my help, of course."
Fluttershy says: "It's okay, Lola."
Fluttershy says: "We all move at our own pace."
Fluttershy says: "Sometimes, all we need to do is believe in our dreams."
Fluttershy says: "And when we finally reach our goal, we'll know that it was worth what it took to get there, because the view will be even better than you imagined!"