Rarity says: "Here?"
Rarity says: "I get to stay here?"
Princess Celestia says: "Twilight Sparkle said you were coming to Canterlot for a visit, and asked if I might accommodate you."
Rarity says: "Thank you so much, Princess."
Princess Celestia says: "You're very welcome."
Rarity says: "No, really."
Rarity says: "This is so nice of you."
Princess Celestia says: "It's nothing, really."
Rarity says: "Oh, but it isn't nothing, it's everything!"
Rarity says: "I, I just don't know what to say but thank you, thank you!"
Rarity says: "Thank you!"
Bags Valet says: "Your luggage, mademoiselle?"
Princess Celestia says: "I'll leave you to get settled."
Bags Valet says: "Your highness."
Princess Celestia says: "Enjoy your stay."
Rarity says: "Thank you!"
Bags Valet says: "Where would you like me to put these?"
Rarity says: "That's perfect."
Rarity says: "Opal, do you know what I love about Canterlot?"
Jet Set says: "Please excuse our interruption."
Jet Set says: "I'm Jet Set, and this is my wife Upper Crust."
Jet Set says: "We saw you from across the cafe and just had to find out..."
Upper Crust says: "..."
Upper Crust says: "Where did you get that simply marvelous chapeau?"
Rarity says: "Oh, this old thing?"
Hayseed Turnip Truck says: "Rarity!"
Hayseed Turnip Truck says: "Hey, Rarity!"
Hayseed Turnip Truck says: "Whoo!"
Hayseed Turnip Truck says: "It's me, Hayseed Turnip Truck!"
Hayseed Turnip Truck says: "We met at the big hoedown in Ponyville last month?"
Rarity says: "Oh, yes, of course..."
Rarity says: "how are you?"
Hayseed Turnip Truck says: "Good!"
Hayseed Turnip Truck says: "Real good!"
Jet Set says: "Hmm..."
Upper Crust says: "Hmm..."
Jet Set says: "You're from..."
Jet Set says: "Ponyville?"
Hayseed Turnip Truck says: "She sure is!"
Hayseed Turnip Truck says: "She's a real big-time fancy pants dressmaker there!"
Hayseed Turnip Truck says: "Probably made that real purty thing she's got on her head!"
Upper Crust says: "I thought it looked a little country."
Jet Set says: "I told you it wasn't something you could get here in Canterlot, dear."
Jet Set says: "Hmph!"
Upper Crust says: "Hmph!"
Hayseed Turnip Truck says: "Well, they seemed real nice."
Rarity says: ""Looked a little country"."
Rarity says: ""Not something you can get in Canterlot"."
Rarity says: "I'll show you something worthy of Canterlot!"
Rarity says: "Fancy Pants!"
Fancy Pants says: "I say, that's one way to make an introduction."
Rarity says: "Oh, goodness, I am so sorry."
Rarity says: "I didn't see you there."
Fancy Pants says: "You're staying at the castle?"
Rarity says: "Wh– The Princess invited me to stay in one of the suites."
Fancy Pants says: "You know the Princess?"
Fleur de Lis says: "Hmm, a pony with expensive tastes, I see."
Rarity says: "Oh, it's for an ensemble I'm making for a friend."
Rarity says: "Her birthday is in a few days."
Rarity says: "Again, I am really sorry I bumped into you."
Fancy Pants says: "I'm not!"
Fancy Pants says: "Heheh, you are obviously somepony worth bumping into!"
Fancy Pants says: "Listen, I have a VIP box reserved at the Wonderbolts Derby this afternoon."
Fancy Pants says: "Would you, would you be so kind as to join me and a few of my companions there?"
Rarity says: "Me?"
Fancy Pants says: "But of course, my dear."
Rarity says: "Well, I'm, uh, ah- no- sure."
Fancy Pants says: "We'd love to see you there, uh..."
Fancy Pants says: "?"
Rarity says: "Rarity."
Fancy Pants says: "Rarity."
Rarity says: "Pro: Seeing the Derby from a VIP box is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity."
Rarity says: "Con: Going to the Derby cuts into the amount of time I have to finish Twilight's outfit."
Rarity says: "Pro: Fancy Pants is the most important pony in Canterlot."
Rarity says: "His stamp of approval could mean big things for me here."
Rarity says: "Con: Twilight's party might not be as sophisticated as the Derby, but that doesn't mean I shouldn't put all of my energy into creating her birthday ensemble."
Rarity says: "My Ponyville friends will appreciate my hard work more than anypony."
Rarity says: "I'd hate to let them down."
Rarity says: "And I won't."
Rarity says: "Opal, I am going to the Wonderbolts Derby as a guest of Fancy Pants!"
Rarity says: "Pardon me."
Rarity says: "'Scuse me, 'scuse me!"
Fancy Pants says: "Rarity, jolly good to see you!"
Fancy Pants says: "So glad you could make it."
Fancy Pants says: "Everypony, this is Rarity."
Fancy Pants says: "She's staying at Canterlot Castle."
Announcer says: "Fillies and gentlecolts, welcome to the Wonderbolts Derby!"
Announcer says: "The competitors are taking their places at the starting line, and the race will begin momentarily!"
Fancy Pants says: "I'll be rooting for Rapidfire, of course."
Fancy Pants says: "He's sure to take home the grand prize."
Rarity says: "I don't think he has a chance against Fleetfoot."
Announcer says: "And it's Fleetfoot by a nose!"
Fancy Pants says: "Bravo, Rarity!"
Fancy Pants says: "I say, how did you know Fleetfoot would be victorious?"
Rarity says: "My friend Rainbow Dash talks about her all the time."
Rarity says: "She says what Fleetfoot lacks in size, she makes up for in speed."
Silver Frames says: "And who is this 'Rainbow Dash'?"
Rarity says: "Uh..."
Rarity says: "Why..."
Rarity says: "she's..."
Rarity says: "she's the..."
Rarity says: "the Wonderbolts' trainer, of course."
Fancy Pants says: "Staying at Canterlot Castle, and she knows the Pegasus training the Wonderbolts."
Fancy Pants says: "I told you all this was an important pony."
Fancy Pants says: "Three cheers for Rarity, my new favorite party guest!"
Ponies says: "Hip hip, hooray!"
Ponies says: "Hip hip, hooray!"
Ponies says: "Hip hip, hooray!"
Rarity says: "..."
Rarity says: "And then I said, "Puh-lease, that isn't a hat, darling, that's a natural disaster that somehow landed atop your head!"
Silver Frames says: "Oh, you are a delight, Rarity, an absolute delight."
Silver Frames says: "You simply must attend my art gallery opening this evening."
Golden Gavel says: "And let's not forget my charity auction tomorrow morning."
Swan Song says: "And of course there's a seat for you at my dinner party tomorrow night."
Rarity says: "I'm flattered, really."
Silver Frames says: "Oh, but Rarity!"
Silver Frames says: "I may as well close down the whole gallery if you can't attend!"
Golden Gavel says: "My auction is for charity, dear."
Golden Gavel says: "For charity..."
Swan Song says: "And my dinner party will be a disaster if you don't come."
Rarity says: "..."
Rarity says: "of course I'll be there."
Silver Frames says: "Wonderful!"
Golden Gavel says: "Oh, thank goodness!"
Swan Song says: "Disaster averted!"
Rarity says: "Looks like we'll be spending a few more days here, Opalescence."
Rarity says: "Turns out bumping into Fancy Pants like that was the best thing that's ever happened to me."
Rarity says: "Of course, finishing Twilight's dress in time for her birthday party is still my top priority, but I can't possibly disappoint the Canterlot elite by rejecting their invitations now, can I?"
Rarity.
I'll be the toast of the town, the girl on the go.
I'm the type of pony every pony, every pony should know.
I'll be the one to watch, the girl in the flow.
I'm the type of pony every pony, every pony should know.
Becoming as popular as popular can be.
Making my mark, making my mark in high society.
I'm the belle of the ball, the star of the show, yeah.
I'm the type of pony every pony, every pony should know.
See how they hang on every word that I speak.
My approving glance is what they all seek.
I'm the creme de la creme, not just another Jane Doe.
I'm the type of pony every pony should know.
At home, at the opera, on a fancy yacht.
Becoming the talk, the talk of all of Canterlot.
I'm the creme de la creme, not just another Jane Doe, yeah.
I'm the type of pony every pony, every pony should know.
Because I'm the type of pony.
Yes, I'm the type of pony.
Yes, I'm the type of pony every pony should know.
Rarity says: "Oh, I hope I haven't forgotten anything."
Bags Valet says: "Me..."
Bags Valet says: "too..."
Rarity says: "We'd better get going."
Rarity says: "I must get back to Ponyville with enough time to finish Twilight's ensemble."
Rarity says: "For me?"
Rarity says: "Dearest Rarity, your presence is requested at the Canterlot garden party tomorrow afternoon."
Rarity says: "Yours, Jet Set and Upper Crust!"
Rarity says: "My dear Twilight, I am afraid I won't be able to make it to your birthday party tomorrow, because..."
Rarity says: "because poor Opal is quite ill, and she is in no condition to make the long journey back to Ponyville!"
Rarity says: "I do hope you understand."
Rarity says: "Your friend, Rarity."
Bags Valet says: "I suppose this means you don't need me to bring down your bags?"
Rarity says: "No."
Rarity says: "But, I will need some help unpacking them."
Bags Valet says: "Oomph!"
Rarity says: "What do you think?"
Rarity says: "Too much?"
Rarity says: "You're right."
Rarity says: "Too little."
Rarity says: "Ah, garden party, here I come!"
Rest of main cast says: "Surprise!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Swoosh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And right before she hit the ground, shoom, she– Hi again!"
Applejack says: "Listen to her."
Applejack says: "She's so excited to see us, she can hardly talk."
Rarity says: "What I mean to say is, what are you all doing here?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "When I got your letter saying you were stuck in Canterlot, I asked Pinkie Pie if it wouldn't be too much trouble to move my birthday party here, so you wouldn't have to miss it!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Balloons are super easy to pack."
Rarity says: "Wow..."
Rarity says: "First you get me a suite at Canterlot Castle and now this."
Rarity says: "I don't know what to say, Twilight."
Rainbow Dash says: "How about you start by saying what you're doing in that fancy getup?"
Rarity says: "This?"
Rarity says: "Uh- well, I- I always put on something a little fancy when Opal's feeling under the weather..."
Rarity says: "Cheers her right up."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, poor Opal."
Fluttershy says: "Where is the sick darling?"
Rarity says: "Oh, uhh, she's..."
Rarity says: "Hold on a minute."
Rest of main cast says: "Huh?"
Rarity says: "I am so sorry about this."
Rarity says: "She's resting on the bed."
Fluttershy says: "Poor baby."
Fluttershy says: "She looks awful."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Is..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "that my dress?"
Rarity says: "Yes."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's so..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "simple."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So practical."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So me!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's the perfect dress for my birthday party!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I love it!"
Rarity says: "You don't know how glad I am to hear you say that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "When I told the Princess that I was moving the party to Canterlot, she was kind enough to offer us the Canterlot Castle ballroom!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Isn't it fancy pants?"
Rarity says: "Fancy Pants?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "Where?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "Ahh, I mean, where did you find the time to put up all these decorations?"
Rarity says: "Ha-ha."
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, I never leave home without my party cannon!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ta-da!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I thought about having my birthday outside, but they're having another party on the castle grounds today."
Pinkie Pie says: "Let's party!"
Rarity says: "Mmh..."
Rarity says: "No reason I can't at least make an appearance..."
Rarity says: "I'm here!"
Upper Crust says: "Darling, I'm so glad you made it."
Fancy Pants says: "Rarity!"
Fancy Pants says: "So happy to see you here."
Rarity says: "I wouldn't have missed this for the world."
Fancy Pants says: "Is that cake frosting?"
Rarity says: "..."
Rarity says: "Yes, I always dab a little frosting behind my ears before I go out."
Rarity says: "After all, who doesn't like the smell of cake frosting?"
Fancy Pants says: "I know I do."
Upper Crust says: "Mm-hmm."
Rarity says: "Well, all this talk about cake has made me hungry."
Rarity says: "Think I'll go and see what's on the hors d'oeuvre table."
Rarity says: "If you'll excuse me..."
Rarity says: "I think I left the bathwater running in my suite."
Rarity says: "I really should go check on Opal..."
Rarity says: "Is that Princess Celestia?"
Rarity says: "I need to use the little fillies' room!"
Rarity says: "Can I get anypony more punch?"
Rarity says: "I..."
Rarity says: "have to go to do the..."
Rarity says: "thing with the..."
Rarity says: "stuff..."
Rarity says: "you know..."
Rarity says: "?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, what's with the croquet mallet?"
Rarity says: "What croquet mallet?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Duh, the one in your mouth!"
Rarity says: "Ooh, that croquet mallet."
Rarity says: "I- well I, you know, the truth is..."
Rarity says: "the truth is..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Were you at that other party in the garden?"
Rarity says: "I, I..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity, I'm surprised at you."
Rarity says: "Twilight let me explain!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I hadn't realized you were such a savvy businesspony!"
Rarity says: "You must understand!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "All of those ponies look so posh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And with the Grand Galloping Gala coming up, I bet you could totally get some of them to buy your dresses."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Very smart!"
Rarity says: "Woo, wwwhy yes, I-I didn't want you to think I was being rude, so that's exactly the reason I didn't tell you."
Rarity says: "The one and only reason."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, well, you didn't have to do that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You should totally go over there and mingle!"
Rarity says: "Twilight, you really are the best friend a pony could ever ask for."
Rarity says: "I don't know why I ever thought you wouldn't understand."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Understand what?"
Rarity says: "Nothing."
Rarity says: "See you girls later!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey, wait up!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We're your friends!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm sure they won't mind if we check out the party too!"
Rainbow Dash says: "C'mon, you guys!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Let's show them how to party Ponyville style!"
Rarity says: "Oh no!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Mmm!"
Applejack says: "How come y'all aren't doing any gardening?"
Applejack says: "This is a garden party, isn't it?"
Jet Set says: "Can you believe what that pony is wearing?"
Upper Crust says: "It's just so plain."
Rarity says: "Yeah."
Fancy Pants says: "Excuse me, might I ask where you got your ensemble?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why, yes!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes, you may."
Twilight Sparkle says: "A very, very close friend of mine from Ponyville made it for me."
Fancy Pants says: "Ponyville?"
Fancy Pants says: "You don't say?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I do say."
Rarity says: "Fancy Pants!"
Rarity says: "Come with me!"
Rarity says: "I'd like to show you this, er, thing that's over there."
Rarity says: "On the other side of the room."
Fancy Pants says: "In a moment, my dear."
Fancy Pants says: "This lovely filly from Ponyville was just about to tell me who made her charming dress."
Rarity says: "That dress?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, don't be so modest!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This dress you made is beautiful!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We all think so!"
Fancy Pants says: "You know these ponies?"
Rarity says: "Yes."
Rarity says: "Yes, I do know them."
Rarity says: "They may not be as sophisticated as some of you Canterlot ponies, but they are my best friends."
Rarity says: "And they are without a doubt the most important ponies I know."
Jet Set says: "Important ponies?"
Jet Set says: "These ruffians?"
Upper Crust says: "Don't make me laugh!"
Fancy Pants says: "I, for one, find them charmingly rustic."
Fancy Pants says: "And I think the dress you made for your friend is lovely."
Fancy Pants says: "I dare say every mare in Canterlot will be wanting one."
Upper Crust says: "Oh, I'd like to place my order right now."
Jet Set says: "I think you should get two."
Fancy Pants says: "Er, yes, now then."
Fancy Pants says: "How about you introduce me to your friends?"
Rarity says: "With pleasure!"
I wanted to tell you about the important lesson I learned during my visit.
Princess Celestia says: "Now that I would like to hear."
Rarity says: "I learned that no matter where you go in life, you should never forget that you are the product of your home and your friends."
Rarity says: "And that is something always to be proud of, no matter what."
Princess Celestia says: "Hm, a very valuable lesson to have learned."
Bags Valet says: "It certainly is!"
Bags Valet says: "But..."
Bags Valet says: "might I ask that we hurry things up a bit?!"
Bags Valet says: "!"
Bags Valet says: "Oh no!"