Rockhoof says: "You're going to have to work faster than that if you plan to dig up my whole village, lass."
Rockhoof says: "Let me help."
Professor Fossil says: "Er..."
Professor Fossil says: "Thank you, Rockhoof, but we're trying to carefully preserve every bit of history here."
Rockhoof says: "Aye."
Rockhoof says: "This place is full of memories."
Rockhoof says: "Did I tell you about the time our chieftain knocked down five boulders with the kick of a wee ball?"
Professor Fossil says: "Stop that!"
Rockhoof says: "But..."
Rockhoof says: "That's what this is for."
Professor Fossil says: "Maybe in the past."
Professor Fossil says: "Now it belongs in a museum."
Professor Fossil says: "Safe."
Professor Fossil says: "Preserved."
Professor Fossil says: "Untouched."
Rockhoof says: "Agh!"
Rockhoof says: "Next you'll be sayin' I shouldn't have used the old sweat lodge."
Professor Fossil says: "So, you see why Rockhoof isn't an ideal fit for my team."
Professor Fossil says: "Perhaps you could use his, uh..."
Professor Fossil says: "unusual talents?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Of course, Professor Fossil!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We'd be honored to have a Pillar of Equestria on our staff!"
Professor Fossil says: "Oh, thank Celestia."
Rockhoof says: "That apple's made of wood!"
Rockhoof says: "What a horrible trick to play!"
Rarity says: "Hmm."
Rarity says: "Has anypony seen my decorative centerpieces?"
Rarity says: "They were right here."
Professor Fossil says: "Good luck!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "So, join me in welcoming Professor Rockhoof to our faculty!"
Rockhoof says: "Thank you!"
Rockhoof says: "Thank you, all!"
Rockhoof says: "I know I'm new to your world, but there's one thing I learned when I saved my village from a rushing river of hot lava."
Rockhoof says: "There's nothing you can't do with hard work."
Rockhoof says: "And a shovel!"
Smolder says: "Except maybe stand on stage."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So, um..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "everycreature dismissed."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We'll..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "see you in class!"
Smolder says: "You think that new pony is gonna be the weirdest teacher at school or just one of the weirdest?"
Yona says: "Yona like new teacher."
Yona says: "He big like yak!"
Gallus says: "And he smashes things like a yak, smells like a yak..."
Yona says: "Yes!"
Yona says: "He perfect!"
Sandbar says: "Guys, he's one of the Pillars!"
Sandbar says: "He's like..."
Sandbar says: "pony history!"
Rockhoof says: "Hello, class!"
Rockhoof says: "Eh, um..."
Rockhoof says: "I'm, uh, your new "Theory and Defense of Friendship" teacher."
Rockhoof says: "But, uh, I haven't had a chance to look at Headmare Twilight's notes yet."
Rockhoof says: "What have you all been learnin'?"
Ocellus says: "We just studied all about how Princess Celestia and Luna used a spell to trap Discord in stone sleep for hundreds of moons."
Rockhoof says: "Ohhhh-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho!"
Rockhoof says: "So it's a class about stories, is it?"
Gallus says: "Stories!"
Gallus says: "Yeah!"
Gallus says: "And we never, ever, ever get homework!"
Rockhoof says: "Good!"
Rockhoof says: "The best way to teach colts and fillies is by experience."
Rockhoof says: "Like the time I was in the woods and I ran across an ursa major!"
Silverstream says: "Really?!"
Silverstream says: "!"
Sandbar says: "We're not doing that, right?"
Yona says: "You fight ursa major?"
Yona says: "All alone?"
Rockhoof says: "Aye."
Rockhoof says: "And I defeated her, too."
Smolder says: "Now this I'm interested in!"
Yona says: "How Professor Rockhoof win?"
Rockhoof says: "Well..."
Rockhoof says: "that's quite a tale."
Twilight Sparkle says: "From what Professor Fossil said, it sounds like Rockhoof just hasn't settled into modern times yet."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Our school is the perfect place for that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Plus, we get a new teacher."
Applejack says: "This may be the fastest friendship problem you ever solved."
Rockhoof says: "Dodge!"
Rockhoof says: "Thrust!"
Rockhoof says: "Shovel leap!"
Rockhoof says: "Shovel throw!"
Rockhoof says: "Shovel whack!"
Rockhoof says: "Now you lot be the ursa major."
Rockhoof says: "Lots o' growlin', mind?"
Applejack says: "Maybe classrooms were less breakable in the old days?"
Yona says: "Ooh-ooh-ooh!"
Yona says: "What happened next?"
Rockhoof says: "The huge beastie jumped out of the moonlit mist, her fearsome fangs at my throat!"
Rockhoof says: "But I rolled clear."
Silverstream says: "Then what?"
Rockhoof says: "She backed me up against a wall, ready to pounce!"
Rockhoof says: "I looked at her."
Rockhoof says: "She looked at me."
Rockhoof says: "And I say—"
Rockhoof says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh, Professor Rockhoof?"
Rockhoof says: "Nope!"
Rockhoof says: "Guess again!"
Rockhoof says: "Uh, oops."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sorry to interrupt."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Class, why don't we go ahead and take lunch early today?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rockhoof, can we take a walk outside?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Our school is about finding your own special way to teach."
Applejack says: "And we can already tell you're a..."
Applejack says: "smash with the class."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But maybe you could do a little less smashing in the classroom?"
Rockhoof says: "Sorry about that."
Rockhoof says: "I did get a bit carried away."
Rockhoof says: "The students were so interested in my tale."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know it's a big change."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I think you're gonna fit in just—"
Rockhoof says: "Fire!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rockhoof, wait!"
Rockhoof says: "No time!"
Rockhoof says: "The building's ablaze!"
Rockhoof says: "We have to get everypony out!"
Yona says: "Professor Rockhoof best teacher ever!"
Yona says: "Day cannot get better."
Rockhoof says: "Let's get you outside, wee ones!"
Yona says: "Day just got better!"
Rockhoof says: "Alley-oop!"
Applejack says: "Rockhoof?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What are you doing?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Rockhoof says: "Savin' the school!"
Rockhoof says: "Just like fightin' a volcano in the good old days!"
Rarity says: "Would somepony kindly explain what is the meaning of all this water?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm not sure."
Pinkie Pie says: "But I think it's surf's up!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Woo-hoo!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Cowabunga!"
Rockhoof says: "Sorry, Rarity, but I had to put out the ragin' inferno."
Spike says: "Inferno?"
Spike says: "Where?"
Rockhoof says: "Did you not see the smoke and flame?"
Smolder says: "Yeah, that was us."
Smolder says: "You know, dragons?"
Smolder says: "Having a fire-breathing competition?"
Rockhoof says: "You, uh..."
Rockhoof says: "what?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "They do it all the time."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's what we were trying to tell you."
Applejack says: "We know you're used to bein' a hero, Rockhoof."
Applejack says: "Only what we need here is a teacher."
Rarity says: "One who doesn't ruin an entire class's friendship quilts."
Rarity says: "Do you know how hard it is to stitch a pineapple pattern?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rockhoof says: "My deepest apologies."
Rockhoof says: "I'm not used to living with dragons or much else in this modern time."
Rockhoof says: "Professor Fossil made it clear I'm not welcome back in my old village."
Rockhoof says: "Seems I don't belong here either."
Pinkie Pie says: "Wheeeee!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "So apparently, finding Rockhoof a new job is a lot harder than we thought."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Has anypony had any luck?"
Applejack says: "I-I thought you were gonna try him out at the post office."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We did."
Rockhoof says: "Do you know where I can find Cranky Doodle Donkey?!"
Rockhoof says: "!"
Rockhoof says: "I need to deliver his medicine!"
Rockhoof says: "He has a rash in a very embarrassing place!"
Spike says: "I did not need to hear that."
Rarity says: "Yup."
Rarity says: "Rockhoof's time as a spa masseuse didn't work out either."
Rockhoof says: "Now just let me know if this is too much pressure!"
Rainbow Dash says: "W-Well, at least Rockhoof's really strong."
Rainbow Dash says: "Maybe we could find him a job carrying heavy stuff?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I tried that already."
Pinkie Pie says: "Zecora needed somepony to help her get supplies, but..."
Rockhoof says: "I know you said you only needed a few leaves, but I figured why not bring you the whole thing?"
Rarity says: "Oh, how horrid."
Fluttershy says: "None of the other Pillars seem to be having trouble fitting into the modern world."
Applejack says: "Then maybe they can show Rockhoof how they did it."
Applejack says: "Get him used to livin' in this time."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Great idea!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rockhoof's old friends would be happy to help."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And I bet he'd love to visit them."
Rockhoof says: "Even Canterlot looks different from the old days."
Applejack says: "Aww."
Applejack says: "I'm sure once you see your old pal Flash Magnus, you'll feel right at home."
Flash Magnus says: "Trot, two, three, four!"
Flash Magnus says: "Trot, two, three, four!"
Flash Magnus says: "Keep it lively, rookies!"
Flash Magnus says: "Visitors on site!"
Flash Magnus says: "Company, halt!"
Flash Magnus says: "Rockhoof, you old ditch-digger you!"
Rockhoof says: "Flash Magnus, as I live and breathe!"
Rockhoof says: "Is this your squadron?"
Flash Magnus says: "After we got out of limbo, I went looking for work for a pony with experience in the Royal Legion."
Flash Magnus says: "Once a soldier, always a soldier."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess Celestia was happy to find a new drill sergeant for her guard!"
Rockhoof says: "Uh..."
Rockhoof says: "that's great."
Rockhoof says: "She really put you in a job that big so soon?"
Flash Magnus says: "Ho-ho, this is nothing."
Flash Magnus says: "You should see what Mistmane is up to."
Rockhoof says: "They made you the royal landscape artist for the Crystal Empire?"
Applejack says: "Wow..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Your work is beautiful."
Mistmane says: "Oh, thank you."
Mistmane says: "I've never worked with crystal before, but in my heart, I know I'm where I belong."
Rockhoof says: "You always could find the beauty in things."
Rockhoof says: "But there's not much demand for shovel ponies like me nowadays."
Mistmane says: "Don't give up hope."
Mistmane says: "See Somnambula."
Mistmane says: "She'll help you find your purpose."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Somnambula's a motivational speaker."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Bet they didn't even have those back in your time."
Rockhoof says: "Because we didn't need them."
Rockhoof says: "Ponies knew what to do with their lives."
Somnambula says: "Focus on my voice and feel yourself unlock your potential."
Somnambula says: "Imagine everything that troubles you as one big cloud."
Somnambula says: "Now let it float away."
Somnambula says: "You are relaxed."
Somnambula says: "Free to do anything you wish."
Applejack says: "Guess he wished he could take a nap?"
Rockhoof says: "Mage Meadowbrook, your home looks just the same as the old days."
Rockhoof says: "Wish I could say the same for mine."
Mage Meadowbrook says: "Well, I've had to expand my clinic a bit."
Mage Meadowbrook says: "Many creatures need healin' in this modern world."
Mage Meadowbrook says: "Aww."
Mage Meadowbrook says: "Looks like you could use some, too."
Mage Meadowbrook says: "What's got you heartsick, Rockhoof?"
Rockhoof says: "Thing is, I can't do my old job like Flash."
Rockhoof says: "Or adapt like Mistmane."
Rockhoof says: "Or succeed at something new like Somnambula."
Rockhoof says: "Or go home, like you."
Mage Meadowbrook says: "Give it time."
Mage Meadowbrook says: "Even Star Swirl's still learnin' about friendship."
Applejack says: "Yeah!"
Applejack says: "And I bet Stygian took plenty o' time to fit in."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hey, look what I found!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Me and My Shadow, the third hit novel by former villain Stygian!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm impressed!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "He's really thriving!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rockhoof?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Where are you going?"
Rockhoof says: "I'm not sure."
Rockhoof says: "Maybe I just don't belong in this modern world."
Applejack says: "Now this here's a right mash of apples."
Applejack says: "'Stead of solvin' Rockhoof's problem, we made him feel even worse."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'll tell you the real problem here."
Rainbow Dash says: "We haven't given Rockhoof the chance to be who he really is."
Pinkie Pie says: "A pony with a metal shovel and a heart of gold?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh."
Rainbow Dash says: "A hero!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What we need to do is find him a job that's as epic as he is!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hmm."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I might know just the thing."
Rockhoof says: "I'm honored to serve in the Hippogriff Navy, General Seaspray!"
Rockhoof says: "I promise I'll prove my worth."
Seaspray says: "Think nothing of it."
Seaspray says: "I know how hard it is to adapt to a new home."
Seaspray says: "After our many years below the waves, land customs seemed strange."
Rockhoof says: "Like you didn't fit in, no matter how hard you tried?"
Seaspray says: "As though the world had moved on without us."
Seaspray says: "Never fear, Rockhoof."
Seaspray says: "We shall be as brothers in this bright future above the waves."
Applejack says: "Uh, why do the Hippogriffs need ships if they can turn into seaponies?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe they just like cruises?"
Hippogriff Sailor says: "General!"
Hippogriff Sailor says: "The fog's too thick to see our way out of the harbor!"
Seaspray says: "Heave to, swabbies!"
Seaspray says: "Halt the ship and hold her 'til the fog passes!"
Rockhoof says: "Wait, General!"
Rockhoof says: "We can navigate the same way my Coltic ancestors traveled through the Selkie Mists!"
Rockhoof says: "We'll look to the stars!"
Rockhoof says: "There in the northwest sky is the constellation O'Bridle's Pelt!"
Rockhoof says: "Steer the ship toward that!"
Seaspray says: "You heard the pony, crew!"
Seaspray says: "Make full sail!"
Applejack says: "Yee-haw!"
Applejack says: "Rockhoof did it!"
Rockhoof says: "But..."
Rockhoof says: "I don't understand!"
Rockhoof says: "The stars have always steered me true!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, no."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Stars can move slowly over time."
Twilight Sparkle says: "They must look different now than over a thousand years ago."
Seaspray says: "It was an honor serving with you, Rockhoof."
Seaspray says: "But it seems our paths lie in different directions."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hey, mistakes happen."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We'll think of something else for you to do."
Rockhoof says: "Oh, there's no need, lass."
Rockhoof says: "I already know what I want to do next."
Applejack says: "Really?"
Applejack says: "What?"
Rockhoof says: "I heard there's a statue spell that sends creatures into stone sleep."
Rockhoof says: "I want you to cast it."
Rockhoof says: "On me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No!"
Rockhoof says: "Yes!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No!"
Rockhoof says: "Aye!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No!"
Rockhoof says: "Aye!"
Spike says: "Hey, guys."
Spike says: "Need me to help you decide something?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rockhoof wants me to cast a spell to turn him into a statue!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The answer is no!"
Rockhoof says: "Well, it should be "aye", because I wouldn't even be here to be turned into a statue if Twilight hadn't cast a spell in the first place!"
Spike says: "Whoa."
Spike says: "I thought you were arguing over ice cream flavors."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The answer is still no!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why would you want to be turned into stone?"
Rockhoof says: "Because I'm a relic of a bygone age."
Rockhoof says: "I belong in a museum."
Rockhoof says: "Safe."
Rockhoof says: "Preserved."
Rockhoof says: "Untouched."
Rockhoof says: "I don't belong in this time."
Rockhoof says: "It's up to you to make that right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But there has to be a better way!"
Rockhoof says: "Twilight, please understand."
Rockhoof says: "I want to be remembered as the hero I was, not the disappointment I've become."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But you're not!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rockhoof, wait!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike, can you teach my class today?"
Spike says: "Uh, you're not really going to turn him to stone, are you?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Only because it's temporary."
Twilight Sparkle says: "As soon as I think of a new solution, we'll wake Rockhoof up."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know he has more to offer the world as a pony than a statue."
Sandbar says: "Did you hear Rockhoof caught all the bees in the Everfree Forest and gave 'em to Zecora as a gift?"
Silverstream says: "Wow!"
Silverstream says: "Terramar said Rockhoof called down the stars and sunk the whole Hippogriff Navy!"
Smolder says: "He's definitely weird, but in a fun way."
Smolder says: "You never know what's gonna happen next with him."
Yona says: "Professor Rockhoof best pony!"
Spike says: "Hey, class."
Spike says: "Welcome to the Theory and Defense of Friendship."
Gallus says: "Another sub?"
Gallus says: "Let me start by telling you we don't get homework and we only do field trips."
Spike says: "Yeeeeah."
Spike says: "Nice try."
Spike says: "Twilight sent me to tell you she won't be in today 'cause she has to cast a stone sleep spell on Rockhoof."
Ocellus says: "Like Discord?!"
Ocellus says: "!"
Ocellus says: "But why?!"
Ocellus says: "!"
Ocellus says: "Rockhoof isn't a bad guy!"
Spike says: "Your instructions are to write an essay on heroism and what it means to you."
Yona says: "No!"
Spike says: "Oh, don't worry."
Spike says: "It doesn't have to be a long essay."
Rockhoof says: "Maybe like this?"
Rockhoof says: "Or on three legs?"
Rockhoof says: "Hmm."
Rockhoof says: "What will give the wee birds fewer places to, uh..."
Rockhoof says: "decorate?"
Yona says: "Professor Rockhoof!"
Yona says: "Dragon said you want to turn into stone!"
Yona says: "Yona not believe it!"
Rockhoof says: "Aye, I'm afraid it's true, lass."
Yona says: "But..."
Yona says: "pony need finish ursa major story for class!"
Rockhoof says: "Oh, it's sweet of you to try to get me to stay, Yona."
Rockhoof says: "But I'm afraid old stories like mine aren't worth anything in this day and age."
Yona says: "Fine!"
Yona says: "If pony no want tell Yona story, then Yona tell pony story!"
Yona says: "From class report!"
Yona says: ""When Yona come to pony school, Yona not fit in."
Yona says: "Pony ways strange."
Yona says: "But Yona find friends!"
Yona says: "Yona meet Professor Rockhoof!"
Yona says: "Pony brave and strong as yak!"
Yona says: "Not afraid!"
Yona says: "Hero!"
Yona says: "When Yona grow up, Yona want to be just like Professor Rockhoof!"
Rockhoof says: "Well, uh, since you went to the trouble of writing something that nice, I suppose the least I could do is tell you the rest of the story."
Yona says: "Yona tell whole school Rockhoof is best!"
Yona says: "Now all want to hear story!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, I have the spell."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But will you please reconsider?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rockhoof?"
Rockhoof says: "The ursa major tried to grab me by the gullet!"
Rockhoof says: "But I ducked her claws!"
Rockhoof says: "She had me cornered."
Rockhoof says: "So I look at her."
Rockhoof says: "She looks at me."
Rockhoof says: "And I say, "Sorry you won't be having any dinner tonight, lass!"
Rockhoof says: "Guess you'll just have to..."
Rockhoof says: "grin and bear it!"
Rockhoof says: "And then I tossed her away with my shovel high into the sky!"
Rockhoof says: "And she's been a constellation up there ever since!"
Rockhoof says: "Or so I'm told."
Rockhoof says: "And that's the end of my story."
Students says: "One more story!"
Students says: "One more story!"
Rockhoof says: "No, no."
Rockhoof says: "Thank you for listening."
Rockhoof says: "But it's time to say goodbye."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wait."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You said there wasn't anything in this time you were good at."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What about telling stories?"
Rockhoof says: "It was just a tall tale."
Twilight Sparkle says: "One that captured the hearts and imagination of everycreature here."
Yona says: "Plus, pony story super fun!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "As the Princess of Friendship, I'd like to appoint you as Equestria's official keeper of tales!"
Spike says: "Can you do that?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Eh."
Rockhoof says: "I, uh..."
Rockhoof says: "That's very kind of you."
Rockhoof says: "But I still think these old bones are more suited to a museum display."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You are a living record of our history."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Your stories can inspire and teach generations to come."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If you're a statue, that's all lost."
Rockhoof says: "But will I ever really belong in your world?"
Yona says: "Rockhoof Yona's friend."
Yona says: "So Rockhoof belongs!"
Rockhoof says: "You know..."
Rockhoof says: "That reminds me of another story."
Rockhoof says: "Once, there was a small yak that knew more than a great hero."
Smolder says: "Hey, don't forget the dragons in this one!"
Rockhoof says: "Aye, there were dragons."
Rockhoof says: "And ponies."
Rockhoof says: "And plenty of Hippogriffs."
Rockhoof says: "Plus a changeling and a griffon..."