Applejack says: "The map is sendin' us where?!"
Applejack says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "Las Pegasus?!"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Applejack says: "But Las Pegasus is a wild vacation spot!"
Applejack says: "It's just one big party!"
Fluttershy says: "All those lights and sounds, not to mention the crowds..."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, just the thought of it is overwhelming!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know Las Pegasus doesn't seem like either of your cups of tea, but I have total faith you wouldn't have been called unless you were the perfect ponies for the job."
Applejack says: "Probably not as bad as we think."
Applejack says: "It can't just be a loud, obnoxious party all the time..."
Applejack says: "right?"
Fluttershy says: "Uh, Applejack?"
Fluttershy says: "It isn't as bad as we thought."
Applejack says: "You're right."
Applejack says: "It's worse!"
Fluttershy says: "Do you think the map could be on the fritz again?"
Fluttershy says: "I mean, this place seems a lot more suited to Pinkie Pie or even Rainbow Dash."
Applejack says: "If Twilight trusts the map, then so do I."
Applejack says: "All we have to do is solve our friendship problem and get back home."
Applejack says: "'Course, we have to find it first."
Barker says: "And make sure to experience our signature show, Ponet Fantastique!"
Barker says: "Trust me when I say you've never seen anything like it!"
Barker says: "Unparalleled acrobatics!"
Barker says: "Unique animal antics!"
Barker says: "Your only regret will be that you didn't see it sooner!"
Barker says: "And like everything at this amazing, incredible, I-can't-believe-it-even-exists hotel, Ponet Fantastique is brought to you by the chairpony of kindness – Gladmane himself!"
Fluttershy says: "Wow."
Fluttershy says: "This Gladmane sure seems impressive."
Gladmane says: "Well, uh, it is a little embarrassing, but the crowds seem to like it."
Gladmane says: "Uh-huh-huh."
Applejack says: "Mr."
Applejack says: "Gladmane?"
Gladmane says: "Just Gladmane'll do."
Gladmane says: "And it's a pleasure to meet actual cohorts of the Princess of Friendship!"
Gladmane says: "Thank you for coming."
Gladmane says: "Thank you very much."
Fluttershy says: "You know who we are?"
Gladmane says: "I'm what you might call a friendship connoisseur, so naturally I'm familiar with the friends of the great Twilight Sparkle!"
Gladmane says: "Applejack, Fluttershy, it's an honor to have you here."
Gladmane says: "Uh-huh-huh."
Applejack says: "I have to admit you're not the type of pony I expected to find in Las Pegasus."
Gladmane says: "Wise ponies may say the folks that come here are customers, but I can't help but thinkin' of each and every one of you as friends."
Gladmane says: "That's why there's a three-for-one special on apple fritters in the cafe for the next hour!"
Gladmane says: "Enjoy!"
Gladmane says: "Uh-huh-huh!"
Gladmane says: "Would you two like to take a tour of the place?"
Gladmane says: "I'm just about to do my rounds and check on my friends who work here."
Fluttershy says: "We do have a friendship problem to find."
Applejack says: "Lead the way, Mr."
Applejack says: "Gladmane!"
Gladmane says: "Just Gladmane now, you hear?"
Trapeze Star says: "Gladmane, you're just in time to see my newest move!"
Gladmane says: "New moves or not, I'm glad to have a star like you working for me, I'll tell you what."
Trapeze Star says: "Oh, don't make me blush!"
Trapeze Star says: "Now watch this!"
Gladmane says: "Stellar!"
Gladmane says: "Uh-huh-huh!"
Director says: "Oh!"
Director says: "Oh!"
Director says: "Monsieur Gladmane himself is here!"
Director says: "Let's run through the whole routine!"
Gladmane says: "Now, don't make a fuss for ol' me."
Gladmane says: "I'm just gonna keep on giving a tour to my new friends Applejack and Fluttershy."
Applejack says: "Howdy!"
Fluttershy says: "Hi."
Director says: "If zis pony calls you friend, you're welcome backstage anytime!"
Director says: "I owe him my entire career."
Gladmane says: "Aw, shucks."
Gladmane says: "Well, let's leave the artists to their work."
Applejack says: "Doesn't look like there's any friendship problems here."
Fluttershy says: "I've never seen a pink prairie dog before!"
Gladmane says: "I like the folks that come here to have a unique experience."
Gladmane says: "Uh-huh-huh."
"Roar Horn" says: "Und we love him for it!"
"Sprigfield" says: "With Gladmane's help, we've been able to take care of all these little guys!"
Fluttershy says: "Now this place is overwhelming in a good way!"
Gladmane says: "Aw, glad you like it."
Applejack says: "Fluttershy?"
Fluttershy says: "Hmm?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, um, coming!"
Fluttershy says: "There doesn't seem to be anything wrong around here at all."
Applejack says: "I figured lookin' for a friendship problem in Las Pegasus would be like tryin' to find a needle in a stack of needles."
Applejack says: "But everypony seems to be gettin' along just fine."
Flim says: "Ladies and gentleponies, despite what my competition might say, I know you've come to this fair city to be entertained, and I assure you there is nothing more entertaining than the astounding acrobatics in Gladmane's Ponet Fantastique!"
Flam says: "Now, I suppose that might be true if it weren't for the existence, and far superiorly entertaining presence, of the show-stopping exotic animal act that Ponet Fantastique includes!"
Fluttershy says: "Those voices sound familiar."
Applejack says: "They sure do."
Applejack says: "Flim and Flam."
Flim says: "Why, I won't even dignify that assertion with a response!"
Flim says: "Except to say that if you were to consider buying your tickets from me, I might consider offering them to you at a substantial discount!"
Flam says: "But I've always thought you get what you pay for, and in my humble opinion, these tickets are a value at twice the price!"
Flim says: "Don't let this price-gouging charlatan take you for a ride!"
Flam says: "Charlatan?"
Flam says: "How dare you!"
Flim says: "Hah!"
Flim says: "How dare I?!"
Flim says: "!"
Flam says: "Yes, how dare you!"
Flam says: "I was the one that..."
Flim says: "I call 'em likes I see them, dear brother of mine!"
Flam says: "I'm two minutes older than you – don't you forget that, brother of mine!"
Flim says: "I'm sick and tired of this..."
Fluttershy says: "They certainly don't seem to be getting along."
Fluttershy says: "You don't suppose we've been brought here to help them?"
Applejack says: "Absolutely not!"
Fluttershy says: "I know you and the rest of the Apple family have had your issues with Flim and Flam in the past, but they're definitely having trouble, and solving a friendship problem is important, no matter who's having it."
Applejack says: "Well, of course that's true..."
Applejack says: "for anypony but them!"
Gladmane says: "I'm sorry you had to see that."
Gladmane says: "I don't know why, but those two have been fightin' ever since they got here."
Gladmane says: "I thought giving them these jobs might help, but I..."
Gladmane says: "I guess it just made matters worse."
Applejack says: "Trust me."
Applejack says: "I know those ponies, and you're better off with them apart."
Applejack says: "The two of them together will cheat the hooves right out from under you!"
Gladmane says: "Yeah, I suppose you're right."
Gladmane says: "Flim's such a showpony, and Flam has such a head for business."
Gladmane says: "Why, if they ever did work together, they'd be running this place in two shakes!"
Gladmane says: "Ah, speaking of which, I'd better get back to work."
Gladmane says: "Y'all enjoy your stay now, you hear?"
Fluttershy says: "I'm pretty sure we should help Flim and Flam..."
Applejack says: "And I'm pretty sure there's another friendship problem here, and I'm gonna search this resort top to bottom 'til I find it!"
Flim says: "I hope you didn't travel all the way from Ponyville to try to get me to reconcile with my no-account brother."
Flam says: "Brother?"
Flam says: "I don't believe I have one of those."
Flim says: "No!"
Flim says: "I already know what he thinks of me!"
Flim says: "All show and no substance!"
Flim says: "Well, if he's so smart, he should have no trouble becoming a big success on his own!"
Flam says: ""Ooh, why, he's the greatest salespony that ever lived, of course!"
Flam says: "" Just ask him."
Flam says: "He'll tell you all about it."
Fluttershy says: "I'm sure you could work out your differences if you just sat down and talked to each other."
Flim says: "I'm never speaking to that pony again!"
Flam says: "I'm never speaking to that pony again!"
Director says: "You are ruining my show!"
Trapeze Star says: "It isn't just your show, and I'm improving it."
Director says: "You don't pull a rabbit out of a hat on the trapeze!"
Trapeze Star says: "That's the point – to give the audience something they've never seen before!"
Trapeze Star says: "Acrobatic magic!"
Bernard Rabbit says: "Ta-da!"
Trapeze Star says: "It's called "blending genres", and it's awesome!"
Applejack says: "Shouldn't somepony do somethin'?"
"Back Stage" says: "Hah."
"Back Stage" says: "They've been doing this since they started working here."
"Back Stage" says: "Too bad, really."
"Back Stage" says: "If they ever stopped shouting at each other, we could take the show on tour."
"Back Stage" says: "They'd be way more successful than staying at Gladmane's."
Applejack says: "Heh-heh."
Applejack says: "Now that sounds like a real friendship problem!"
"Roar Horn" says: "Hup!"
"Roar Horn" says: "Hup!"
"Roar Horn" says: "Hup!"
"Roar Horn" says: "Hup!"
"Sprigfield" says: "Stop!"
"Sprigfield" says: "What are you doing?!"
"Sprigfield" says: "!"
"Sprigfield" says: "It's supposed to be a pink prairie dog pyramid!"
"Sprigfield" says: "It's alliterative!"
"Roar Horn" says: "Wha—"
"Roar Horn" says: "You said a tower!"
"Roar Horn" says: "Why do you keep changing everything?"
"Sprigfield" says: "I'm not changing anything!"
"Sprigfield" says: "You said pyramid!"
"Roar Horn" says: "You are driving me crazy!"
Applejack says: "I thought you two got along."
"Sprigfield" says: "We used to, but we just can't seem to agree on anything anymore."
"Sprigfield" says: "We used to perform all over Equestria, but if we can't agree on a new act, we might as well stay at Gladmane's forever."
Applejack says: "Two friendship problems in the same theater?"
Applejack says: "Now we're talkin'!"
Fluttershy says: "If you count Flim and Flam, that's three big friendship problems all in the same place!"
Applejack says: "Well, I don't count Flim and Flam since those two not bein' friends isn't a problem."
Fluttershy says: "It certainly isn't for Gladmane."
Fluttershy says: "Sounds like he's better off with them fighting."
Applejack says: "Actually, the other ponies' problems seemed to be good for Gladmane too."
Applejack says: "Both the trapeze show and the animal act would be better off if they left, but everypony's so busy arguin' that they can't."
Fluttershy says: "Do you think he knows?"
Applejack says: "I don't know, but I'm startin' to think we should find out."
Trapeze Star says: "Of course Gladmane wants everypony to get along."
Trapeze Star says: "He's the nicest, most genuine pony I've ever met."
Trapeze Star says: "Did the director put you up to this?"
Director says: "I tell you, if Gladmane is your friend, you are welcome backstage."
Director says: "But if you are speaking of him poorly, you leave!"
"Roar Horn" says: "Gladmane is the kindest, most gentle..."
"Sprigfield" says: "..."
"Sprigfield" says: "most compassionate pony I've ever known!"
"Roar Horn" says: "My problem..."
"Sprigfield" says: "My problem..."
"Roar Horn" says: "is with him!"
"Sprigfield" says: "is with him!"
Applejack says: "I just can't figure it!"
Applejack says: "The only pony who benefits from all this feudin' is Gladmane, but by all accounts, he's the best friend any of these ponies have!"
Fluttershy says: "Well, Bernard – that adorable bunny from the acrobat's act – claims that every morning, Gladmane tells the director that the star wants control of the show, and every afternoon tells the star that the director wants to get rid of her!"
Fluttershy says: "But neither is true!"
Fluttershy says: "And the Flying Prairinos – the pink prairie dog family – say Gladmane keeps changing their act to make each trainer think the other is doing it!"
Applejack says: "So all his talk about friendship is just a load of applesauce!"
Applejack says: "He's gettin' them all to fight with each other on purpose!"
Fluttershy says: "But how can we get everypony to believe that's what he's doing?"
Applejack says: "There must be a way to trick him into telling the truth!"
Fluttershy says: "Gee, if only there was a pony who knew how to trick a trickster."
Fluttershy says: "Or maybe a pair of ponies?"
Applejack says: "Fine."
Applejack says: "Guess bringin' Flim and Flam back together might be why we're here."
Applejack says: "Maybe."
Flim says: "Sorry if I don't take the word of somepony off the street, even if that street is in Ponyville."
Fluttershy says: "But Gladmane is behind so many other friendship problems."
Fluttershy says: "How can you be sure he isn't the cause of yours?"
Flam says: "Because the only problem I have is standing right there."
Flim says: "Same here, buster!"
Applejack says: "Do either of you even know what you're fightin' over?"
Flim says: "Gladmane let me know that ex-brother of mine thinks I'm just a mouthpiece without a single good idea!"
Flam says: "Gladmane assured me this former fraternal foal here thinks I couldn't sell heat lamps to yaks!"
Applejack says: "Sounds to me like neither of you said those things."
Applejack says: "Why'd you believe Gladmane when he said you did?"
Flim says: "Why would he lie?"
Fluttershy says: "Because he's afraid that the two of you together could move in and take over his resort."
Applejack says: "And if I'm tellin' you he said it, you know it's the absolute truth because—"
Flim says: "You never lie!"
Flam says: "You never lie!"
Flam says: "Oh, brother of mine, I think it's time for a little payback!"
Flim says: "The Canterlot Two-Step?"
Flam says: "Mmm, we don't have the chickens."
Flam says: "How about the Baltimare Flair?"
Flim says: "Ah, my flair isn't what it used to be."
Gladmane says: "Listen here, y'all!"
Gladmane says: "If you're a friend of mine, you're entitled to a free night's stay, and everypony is a friend of mine!"
Gladmane says: "Thank you."
Gladmane says: "Thank you very much."
Flim says: "Are you thinking what I am?"
Flam says: "The High Roller Hustle!"
Applejack says: "The what now?"
Flam says: "Trust us."
Flam says: "When we're done, there won't be a pony in town who doesn't know the Applejack-iest truth about Gladmane!"
Flam says: "That is, assuming you two are willing to help."
Flim says: "What size gown do you wear?"
Gladmane says: "Wh-What's all the fuss, now?"
Flim says: "It's the grand matriarch of the Rich family, Impossibly Rich!"
Flim says: "She's one of the wealthiest ponies in Equestria."
Gladmane says: "Well, why didn't somepony tell me?"
Gladmane says: "You know how I like to give VIP guests my personal touch."
Flim says: "Well, she's not exactly a guest."
Flim says: "Word is she's planning a resort of her own."
Flim says: "I think she's here to scout the competition."
Gladmane says: "Oh, really?"
Flim says: "And with her bits, she could take over the whole strip, hire away anypony she wants!"
Flim says: "Uh, not me, of course!"
Flim says: "I love it here."
Flim says: "My good-for-nothing brother, on the other hoof..."
Gladmane says: "Impossibly Rich, what an honor it is to have you at my humble five-hoof resort."
Gladmane says: "I'm sure Flam has done an excellent job showing you around, but nothing could beat a personalized tour from the mane himself."
Gladmane says: "Uh-huh-huh."
Flam says: "You'll have to excuse Ms."
Flam says: "Rich."
Flam says: "She saves the energy other ponies spend talking out loud and uses it to make more money."
Flam says: "She'd love a personal tour!"
Flam says: "Say, in, uh, about an hour?"
Gladmane says: "Well, that sounds right pleasant."
Gladmane says: "And if you can break away for a moment, Flam, I'd love to see you in my office so I can get ready."
Fluttershy says: "Are all of you sure this is a good idea?"
Flim says: "Abso-tively!"
Flam says: "Gladmane is one fish that's hooked but good!"
Applejack says: "I sure hope you two know what you're doin'."
Flam says: "Oho, don't you worry."
Flam says: "When it comes to throwing ponies off their game..."
Flim says: "No two ponies do it better than us!"
Applejack says: "Can't argue with that."
Flam says: "Hey there, boss, Impossibly Rich is just about ready for that tour."
Flam says: "So what did you want to see me about?"
Gladmane says: "Actually, there's something I want you to see – the Grand Plan."
Gladmane says: "Every hotel on this strip as amazing as this one, and every one of 'em mine."
Gladmane says: "And all it'll take is a little salesponyship, like this."
Gladmane says: "Hey there, friends."
Gladmane says: "Uh-huh-huh."
Gladmane says: "If you think my resort is fantastic, wait 'til you see Ponet Fantastique!"
Gladmane says: "Tickets are on sale now."
Gladmane says: "Two for the price of one!"
Gladmane says: "Thank you."
Gladmane says: "Thank you very much."
Gladmane says: "Now I know Impossibly Rich has probably made you a tempting offer to come work for her."
Flam says: "Well uh, now that you mention it..."
Gladmane says: "And as your friend, I'd never tell you what to do."
Gladmane says: "But nopony's gonna stand in the way of my plans, no matter how rich she is!"
Gladmane says: "And I sure wouldn't want you to end up on the losing side."
Gladmane says: "Think you might consider staying here?"
Flam says: "Um..."
Gladmane says: "Well all right then."
Applejack says: "They're comin'!"
Gladmane says: "And last but not least, Ms."
Gladmane says: "Rich, the jewel in my crown."
Flam says: "Impossibly wants you to know she's very impressed but doesn't think you can keep a resort of this caliber going for long."
Gladmane says: "Oh?"
Gladmane says: "And why's that?"
Flam says: "Because you've got the best talents in the industry."
Flam says: "What stops them from just leaving to join any competitor?"
Gladmane says: "with how I handle my employees."
Flam says: "And how is that?"
Gladmane says: "Well, like friends, of course!"
Gladmane says: "And I treat every one of my employees with the kindness they deserve."
Flam says: "..."
Flam says: "nothing else?"
Gladmane says: "Nope, just friendship."
Gladmane says: "But you know all about friendship, don't you..."
Gladmane says: "Fluttershy?!"
Gladmane says: "!"
Flim says: "You knew the whole time?"
Gladmane says: "Never try to con a con-pony."
Gladmane says: "Uh-huh-huh."
Gladmane says: "Yeah!"
Gladmane says: "I'd have thought you'd have hit the road by now."
Fluttershy says: "Whether we were able to fool you or not, you can't just go on keeping ponies from getting along!"
Fluttershy says: "It's just..."
Fluttershy says: "mean!"
Gladmane says: "Now, maybe it is."
Gladmane says: "But it's a meanness that works."
Gladmane says: "Unlike your pathetic little ploy."
Gladmane says: "I practically invented the "High Roller Hustle"."
Gladmane says: "But I suppose I should be impressed."
Gladmane says: "You're the only ponies to ever figure out the secret to my success."
Gladmane says: "Takes a lot of work keepin' everypony fightin'."
Gladmane says: "But as long as I keep 'em convinced that I'm their only friend, all of Las Pegasus will be mine."
Gladmane says: "Oh, you can't trick a confession out of a pony like me!"
Gladmane says: "I'm always one step ahead."
Applejack says: "Well, you better check your hooves, because you've just stepped in a confession!"
Gladmane says: "Oh, no."
Gladmane says: "No, no, w-w-wait, wait!"
Fluttershy says: "Did that sound okay?"
Flim says: "Never better!"
Flam says: "Never better!"
Applejack says: "Flim and Flam told us you'd see right through the fake rich pony bit, and that once you did, you wouldn't be able to resist gloatin' about it!"
Applejack says: "This was all part of the plan!"
Gladmane says: "Oh, now, now, friends!"
Gladmane says: "Listen, I-I can explain everything!"
Director says: "I think you've done enough of that!"
Director says: "Darling?"
Trapeze Star says: "Hmph!"
"Roar Horn" says: "Oh, I cannot believe we let him almost ruin our friendship!"
"Sprigfield" says: "And our act."
"Sprigfield" says: "Good luck finding another one!"
Gladmane says: "Wait!"
Gladmane says: "No!"
Gladmane says: "Y'all come back!"
Gladmane says: "Come on, I-I'm gonna be ruined!"
Gladmane says: "This is Gladmane's, y'all!"
Gladmane says: "Come on, you can't do this to..."
Applejack says: "Gladmane has left the buildin'!"
Fluttershy says: "I guess the map wasn't on the fritz after all."
Fluttershy says: "If it weren't for your history with Flim and Flam, you never would've been so determined to find somepony else to help, and we never would have found out what Gladmane was doing."
Applejack says: "And if it weren't for you wantin' to show even those two con-ponies kindness, we never would have been able to trick the trickster."
Applejack says: "Must've felt pretty nice to finally put all your connivin' and cheatin' skills to good use."
Flam says: "In fact, we might think of it as a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity."
Flim says: "Emphasis on "once"."
Fluttershy says: "What do you mean?"
Flam says: "While this establishment undergoes a slight change in management, my brother and I want to assure you that it remains the pinnacle of Las Pegasus entertainment!"
Flam says: "Which is why we invite each and every one of you to experience the wonder of the Ponet Fantastique Theater – at half the normal cost of admission!"
Flim says: "And while you're appreciating this historic venue totally devoid of any performers of any kind, we invite you to use the wonder of your own imaginations to fill the space at no additional charge!"
Applejack says: "Flim and Flam!"