Aloe says: "Um..."
Aloe says: "Miss Rarity?"
Aloe says: "Eh, how much longer are you planning to stay in here, darling?"
Rarity says: "Oh, dear."
Rarity says: "Is somepony else waiting?"
Aloe says: "Oh, no, no."
Aloe says: "I just don't want you to get all..."
Aloe says: "What is word?"
Aloe says: "Pruney."
Rarity says: "Oh."
Rarity says: "Uh, well, I'm just waiting for Applejack."
Rarity says: "It's been so long since we've had a relaxing day at the spa together."
Rarity says: "I'm quite certain she'll be along any moment."
Applejack says: "Hey, there, Rarity."
Applejack says: "I really tried to get here earlier."
Applejack says: "I just can't believe how much time my chores are takin' up these days."
Applejack says: "At least now we'll finally get to spend some quality spa time together."
Applejack says: "Right?"
Aloe says: "Okay, fillies, that's it."
Aloe says: "We are closing up for the day."
Applejack says: "Aw, shucks, Rarity."
Applejack says: "I guess I missed the whole day."
Applejack says: "I sure am sorry."
Rarity says: "Me, too."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hi, Rarity!"
Rarity says: "Morning, Twilight, Spike."
Rarity says: "Good heavens, that's a lot of empty pie plates."
Spike says: "Uh..."
Spike says: "yeah."
Spike says: "We were just heading to pick up some fresh pies."
Spike says: "Heh."
Spike says: "I don't know why we keep running out at the castle."
Spike says: "What are you gonna get?"
Rarity says: "Applejack, actually."
Rarity says: "Although, I'm quite sure she'll be too busy once again."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What do you mean?"
Rarity says: "Oh, nothing."
Rarity says: "It's just that Applejack and I haven't had one of our spa days in ages."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You two really should set aside some time."
Rarity says: "Darling, I have been trying for moons!"
Rarity says: "But Applejack is so busy these days, it's next to impossible."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wow."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I didn't realize Applejack had so much to do."
Spike says: "Hey, Applejack!"
Spike says: "Another order of pies, please."
Applejack says: "Sure thing, Spike!"
Spike says: "Aah!"
Spike says: "Dah!"
Spike says: "Whoa-oa-oa!"
Rarity says: "I don't suppose those pies are the last chore on the schedule for today?"
Applejack says: "Gah!"
Applejack says: "Land's sakes!"
Applejack says: "Is it time for our spa day already?"
Applejack says: "Rarity, why don't you go on ahead and I'll meet ya there?"
Rarity says: "Oh!"
Rarity says: "Please, Applejack, let's not kid ourselves!"
Applejack says: "Well, it ain't 'cause I don't wanna."
Applejack says: "But the work on the farm has just been takin' up more and more of my time."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I hate seeing you two not spending time together."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Can't you get somepony else in your family to take over for a bit?"
Applejack says: "Wish I could."
Applejack says: "But Granny, Big Mac, and Apple Bloom all have chores of their own."
Applejack says: "And today, they're all busy takin' the harvest to market."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know we're not farmers, but I'm sure Spike and I could handle things for a little while."
Applejack says: "Maybe..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Is there one chore we could do?"
Applejack says: "Well..."
Applejack says: "I suppose if you two got started on feedin' the pigs, I could maybe leave for an hour."
Rarity says: "Oooh!"
Rarity says: "An hour of spa perfection?"
Rarity says: "I can work with that!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Perfect!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You head out to the spa, and Spike and I'll take care of things here."
Spike says: "Whoa!"
Spike says: "Dah!"
Spike says: "Whoa!"
Spike says: "Uh, yeah."
Spike says: "We totally got everything covered."
Applejack says: "Okay."
Applejack says: "This list pretty much covers everything you need to know to feed the pigs."
Applejack says: "But, uh, maybe I should go over it with you just to..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Applejack, please."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If there's a list involved, I am one hundred percent on top of it."
Applejack says: "Uh, right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And don't worry about things here!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike and I have totally got this!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I mean, it's just feeding the pigs."
Twilight Sparkle says: "How hard could it be?"
Spike says: "Uh, Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Whoa."
Applejack says: "I'm glad we're doin' this, Rarity."
Applejack says: "I've been puttin' work before our spa time for too long."
Applejack says: "I know we've only got an hour, but I can't wait to have a steam."
Rarity says: "A steam is just the start."
Rarity says: "I know exactly what we'll do, and an hour will be perfect."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, Spike, ready with that list?"
Spike says: "Ready."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Let's do this!"
Spike says: ""Step one: open the gate."
Spike says: "Okay."
Spike says: ""Step two: close the gate."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Huh?"
Spike says: "Mm."
Spike says: "That's what it says."
Spike says: ""Step three: walk away."
Twilight Sparkle says: ""Walk away"?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Really?"
Spike says: "Mmm."
Applejack says: "I just hope Twilight and Spike can handle things until I get back."
Rarity says: "Now, Applejack, if we are really to enjoy this time together, you simply must give yourself over to the idea that you are off-duty and try to relax."
Applejack says: "I know."
Applejack says: "You're right."
Applejack says: "I really am glad we're doin' this."
Applejack says: "And as long as it's only an hour, I'm sure everythin' will be just fine."
Rarity says: "Exactly."
Rarity says: "Now kindly step this way."
Rarity says: "Relaxation awaits."
Rarity says: "Rainbow Dash!"
Rarity says: "What are you doing here?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Applejack says: "Yeah."
Applejack says: "I didn't think spa treatments were your thing exactly."
Rainbow Dash says: "What?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, they're totally not."
Rainbow Dash says: "At least, not the froufrou kind."
Rarity says: "Ah."
Applejack says: "Huh."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, I, uh, I think I tweaked something at Wonderbolts practice the other day."
Rainbow Dash says: "I just came in for a deep tissue sports massage."
"Lavender Essence" says: "Ah, Miss Dash, I am so sorry, but we are running just a tad behind, and we are not quite ready to start your pampered muscle massage and indulgent hooficure just yet."
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I-I'm pretty sure that wasn't what I signed up for."
"Lavender Essence" says: "But they are your usual."
Rainbow Dash says: "And it seems like you're really busy today anyway!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'll just come back tomorrow."
Rainbow Dash says: "But put me down for the same thing."
Applejack says: "Too bad Rainbow Dash just hates those "froufrou" spa treatments."
Applejack says: "She could have joined us for a nice steam."
Applejack says: "Hoo-wee!"
Applejack says: "I can't wait."
Rarity says: "Indeed."
Rarity says: "Although, if they couldn't fit Dashie in, I wonder just how far behind things are running."
Rarity says: "Obviously, we're on a very tight schedule."
Rarity says: "Well, maybe not everypony is waiting for the steam room."
Caramel says: "Oh, no."
Caramel says: "No, that's exactly what we're waiting for."
Caramel says: "Oh, I hope you're not in a hurry."
Applejack says: "So everypony here wants a steam bath?"
Rarity says: "Well, the solution is obvious."
Rarity says: "We'll simply have to start our short time at the spa with something else."
Applejack says: "Nothin' doin'."
Applejack says: "I came here to have a steam, and that's just what I'm gonna get!"
Rarity says: "But, but, it'll take most of our hour just to get through this line!"
Aloe says: "RRRRarity!"
Aloe says: "My favorite customer!"
Aloe says: "Mwah!"
Aloe says: "Mwah!"
Aloe says: "And Appleyack?"
Aloe says: "Well, it certainly has been a long time since you two were here together!"
Aloe says: "So lovely to have you back."
Rarity says: "Well, I wish I could say the same."
Aloe says: "Yes, the wait time for the steam room certainly has been getting worse lately."
Aloe says: "But I'm sure we'll be able to accommodate your usual treatments."
Applejack says: "Not without my steam!"
Rarity says: "Apparently, Applejack won't consider starting her time at the spa without a steam, and we only have an hour."
Aloe says: "That is a problem."
Rarity says: "Applejack, where are you going?"
Applejack says: "Um, why are y'all just standin' here?"
Buddy says: "Ugh!"
Buddy says: "Just waiting for the steam to build up."
Spoiled Rich says: "Without steam, a steam room's just a room, and I've got plenty of those at home."
Spoiled Rich says: "Because I live in a mansion."
Aloe says: "It has been taking longer for the steam to reach the Ponyville Day Spa quality."
Aloe says: "We even had to add a warm towel service."
Aloe says: "So sorry for the delay, everypony."
Aloe says: "Please help yourselves."
Applejack says: "So if you're not gettin' enough steam, that must mean there's not enough hot water."
Rarity says: "Ooh, Applejack, honestly, can't we just start with a hooficure?"
Rarity says: "We're going to run out of time."
Applejack says: "Hmm."
Applejack says: "Ha!"
Applejack says: "Now what do we have here?"
Rarity says: "The laundry room, of course."
Rarity says: "And at this point, I'm considering soaking my hooves in one of the machines so my time here isn't a total loss!"
Aloe says: "The Ponyville Day Spa prides itself on sanitary conditions, and fresh linens are integral part."
Applejack says: "Well, sure, but have you always run every single one of these here machines full bore all day, every day?"
"Birch Bucket" says: "The answer is no."
"Birch Bucket" says: "But ponies sure do love the warm towel service."
Applejack says: "Hmmm."
"Birch Bucket" says: "Eh, you are all wanting towel?"
Applejack says: "Looks to me like you don't have any left."
"Birch Bucket" says: "Well, like I said, warm towels are big hit."
Applejack says: "I think I figured out the problem."
Applejack says: "You've got a small leak, and that means the steam takes just a little longer to build up."
Applejack says: "And while ponies wait, they get cold."
Applejack says: "Cold ponies start wrappin' themselves in towels, and all those dirty towels have to be cleaned because Ponyville Day Spa prides itself on cleanliness."
"Birch Bucket" says: "Eh, what?"
Applejack says: "Basically, losin' steam makes you use more towels."
Applejack says: "That means you do more laundry, which uses up the hot water you need to make more steam, so the problem just keeps gettin' worse."
Aloe says: "Ah!"
Aloe says: "I had no idea."
Rarity says: "Wonderful."
Rarity says: "Now that we've solved the great steam mystery, we can finally get back to our..."
Rarity says: "significantly less than an hour of relaxation."
Applejack says: "Rarity, are you kiddin'?"
Applejack says: "I can't just leave things like this."
Applejack says: "I'm gonna need my tools."
Rarity says: "Ahh!"
Applejack says: "Whew!"
Applejack says: "Now that that leak's fixed, ponies won't get so cold they use up all those towels!"
Applejack says: "And without all that laundry, there'll be plenty of hot water for all the steam anypony could want!"
"Birch Bucket" says: "And I only have to be doing vash once a day!"
Aloe says: "Wow, Appleyack!"
Aloe says: "Have you ever considered a career in the spa industry?"
Aloe says: "I'm sure I can find something for you."
Applejack says: "No, thanks."
Applejack says: "I'm just relieved I can finally relax in the steam."
Applejack says: "What do you say, Rarity?"
Rarity says: "It sounds lovely, Applejack, but..."
Rarity says: "unfortunately, you spent so much time fixing the steam room, we don't have any time left to use it."
Rarity says: "Honestly, how in Equestria did it never occur to you to check for leaks?"
Aloe says: "There's just so many other things to worry about!"
Aloe says: "I suppose ve get used to the way things are, and ve don't realize there vas problem."
Rarity says: "You obviously need an outside eye to evaluate the situation."
Rarity says: "It's lucky for you Applejack is too stubborn to relax!"
Applejack says: "Uh, I'm sorry, Rarity."
Applejack says: "We'll just have to do this another day."
Applejack says: "Twilight and Spike should be done feedin' the pigs by now."
Rarity says: "Twilight is a very capable pony."
Rarity says: "I'm sure she can figure out what to do next."
Applejack says: "Look, I know Twilight's a princess and an Alicorn, but she isn't a farmer."
Applejack says: "I've been doin' farm work my whole life, and I'm not sure it's somethin' you can just "figure out"."
Rarity says: "Of course."
Rarity says: "Why don't we pop back so you could explain to Twilight what to do next, and then we'll come back here and pick up where we left off?"
Applejack says: "Well, I suppose I could try..."
Applejack says: "assumin' everythin' went well so far."
Rarity says: "Oh, Applejack, honestly!"
Rarity says: "How could it not?"
Spike says: "Wouldn't it be easier to just fly?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I told you, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're following Applejack's list to the letter, and Applejack doesn't fly!"
Applejack says: "I'm sorry, Rarity, but I think I'm gonna have to finish these chores myself."
Rarity says: "Twilight, darling!"
Rarity says: "How in the world did you end up there?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike and I were just trying to follow Applejack's list as closely as possible."
Spike says: "Mmmh..."
Spike says: "Maybe not the best plan."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sorry, Applejack, but we never even got started feeding the pigs."
Applejack says: "That's alright, Twilight."
Applejack says: "I know you did your best."
Applejack says: "I guess a list can't really capture all the ways I have of doin' things."
Twilight Sparkle says: "At least you two got to spend some time at the spa together."
Spike says: "Yeah, that must've been super relaxing!"
Rarity says: "Well, if watching Applejack fix plumbing counts as relaxing, then yes."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What about your hour of spa perfection?"
Rarity says: "As it turns out, the Ponyville Day Spa had a few problems with their steam room, and somepony refused to relax until she had fixed them."
Applejack says: "I'm sorry, but I just couldn't let those spa ponies go another minute puttin' up with problems they didn't even know they had!"
Applejack says: "Somehow they just got used to a huge bottleneck of ponies standin' around waitin'."
Applejack says: "An' I took one good look at that spa jam, and I knew I had to do somethin'!"
Applejack says: "Sometimes the simplest things can just derail a whole operation."
Applejack says: "It's funny when you realize the extra work they were doin' was actually makin' things worse!"
Applejack says: "I mean, I guess it's possible to get stuck in a routine where you're doin' all this extra stuff and not realize it, but I can't for the life of me think of how!"
Applejack says: "Why are y'all starin' at me like that?"
Rarity says: "Um..."
Rarity says: "Are you certain everything you just did is entirely necessary to feed the pigs?"
Applejack says: "What?"
Applejack says: "Of course!"
Applejack says: "Why would I be doin' it if it weren't?"
Applejack says: "See, this gate here used to squeak so loud, the pigs would run to the other side of the pen and never come out!"
Applejack says: "So I open and close it to let them know it's safe."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But it doesn't squeak anymore."
Applejack says: "Of course not!"
Applejack says: "I fixed that ages ago."
Applejack says: "Then I realized puttin' a little fright into 'em got 'em all hustlin' out of the pen."
Spike says: "They don't look scared to me."
Applejack says: "Well, no."
Applejack says: "They got used to it."
Applejack says: "Which is why I started doin' the chicken dance!"
Applejack says: "To show 'em that if they didn't get to eatin' their food, the chickens would."
Applejack says: "'Course, bein' a chicken, I couldn't very well open the gate."
Applejack says: "Gettin' the food bucket to spill into the trough was just a happy accident because one time I left it there by mistake."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh, Applejack?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It seems like everything you're doing is to fix things that aren't really problems anymore."
Applejack says: "Well, I'll be..."
Rarity says: "Hmmm..."
Rarity says: "Maybe it isn't so hard to get stuck doing extra work after all."
Applejack says: "Huh."
Applejack says: "I wonder if I've been doin' that around here with anythin' else."
Rarity says: "Well, there's only one way to find out!"
Applejack says: "Thanks, y'all."
Applejack says: "I guess I just got so used to doin' everythin' a certain way, I didn't realize there were any problems."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Having a friend look at what you're doing with an outside eye can really help!"
Rarity says: "Mm-hmm!"
Rarity says: "And I suppose if it weren't for our unsuccessful time at the spa, none of us would've realized it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, now that your chores are streamlined, what are you gonna do with all the extra time?"
Applejack says: "I think I have a few ideas."
Applejack says: "Think you can come up with enough things for us to do now that we have more time to relax?"
Rarity says: "Oh, please."
Rarity says: "I could plan a week's worth of treatments!"
Applejack says: "Heh."
Applejack says: "Well, let's just start with the rest of the day for now."
Applejack says: "After all the work we just did on the farm, I am ready for some serious relaxation!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Thanks for letting me know there was an opening."
Rainbow Dash says: "I don't know if I could make it without my pampered muscle massage."
Aloe says: "Don't vorry about it."
Aloe says: "Shall I put you down for another one tomorrow?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, absolutely!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Sometimes a girl just has to pamper herself, am I right?"
Rarity says: "You certainly are!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I was just, uh, uh..."
Applejack says: "Gettin' a "sports" pamperin'?"
Rarity says: "Don't worry, Rainbow Dash."
Rarity says: "We were just heading in for some pampering ourselves."
Rarity says: "You could always join us."
Applejack says: "That is, if you don't mind sufferin' through one or two "froufrou" treatments."
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "I suppose I could take it."
Rainbow Dash says: "You know, for you ponies."