Spike says: "Twilight!"
Spike says: "Look at this scroll I just got!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Do you know what this means?"
Spike says: "Uh-huh!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Uh, I don't."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What's so exciting about a toy crown?"
Spike says: "This is no "toy crown"."
Spike says: "It's the hard-won helm of the Sibling Supreme!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "When Shining Armor and I were small, we competed over everything."
Twilight Sparkle says: "To keep it friendly, our parents gave us gold stars every time we did something special."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sharing..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "getting good grades..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "even telling a really funny joke."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And at the end of each week, we'd add up the stars."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The sibling with the most would win the Crown of the Sibling Supreme—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "and bragging rights—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "'til next time."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Guess that explains your love of charts and so much else."
Spike says: "I always wanted to be Sibling Supreme one day."
Spike says: ""Meet me at Celestia's castle to decide who deserves the crown once and for all."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Race you there!"
Spike says: "Race you there!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Guess I'll watch the school?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're wearing it?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Shining Armor says: "Look, I know you've always held a grudge because I left home with this."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Grudge?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What grudge?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just because you've had it for way longer than you should have and I never got a chance to win it back!"
Princess Celestia says: "With the return of Sombra, Princess Luna and I felt it was time to reinforce the castle's defenses."
Princess Luna says: "I said we could do it ourselves, but some ponies are a bit stubborn."
Princess Celestia says: "So I asked our old Captain of the Guard to handle the job."
Shining Armor says: "I've taken the security here to a whole new level."
Shining Armor says: "The only thing I need now is somepony to test it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You want me to break into Celestia's castle?"
Shining Armor says: "If you can get past my defenses, steal the crown, and get out, you'll be Sibling Supreme forever!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "For-ev-er..."
Shining Armor says: "But!"
Shining Armor says: "If you fail, I keep the crown."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Deal!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wait."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you sure this counts?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Mom and Dad aren't giving us any stars."
Princess Celestia says: "I will represent their authority."
Princess Celestia says: "And thank you, Twilight."
Princess Celestia says: "Your help will reveal if there are any holes in our security."
Shining Armor says: "And there aren't."
Shining Armor says: "I've designed a multi-tiered, impenetrable, triple-backed-up line of defense."
Shining Armor says: "The castle is surrounded by shards of Queen Chrysalis' throne."
Shining Armor says: "Thanks to Star Swirl, its anti-magic powers are now tuned to stop anycreature from using a spell to get inside."
Shining Armor says: "You can't fly in, either."
Shining Armor says: "Giant fans keep anycreature from flying too close to the castle."
Shining Armor says: "Plus, the entrances to the tunnels below the castle have been sealed, so there's no underground access."
Shining Armor says: "And even if you could get in—"
Shining Armor says: "which you can't—"
Shining Armor says: "I've doubled the ranks of security."
Shining Armor says: "Ponies protect every hallway and door, which can only be opened with royal guard medals."
Shining Armor says: "Even if you brought an army, the throne room is the safest spot in Equestria."
Shining Armor says: "I rigged a floor trap to activate at the slightest touch."
Shining Armor says: "But say you avoid the floor—"
Shining Armor says: "still no luck, because I've employed nature's alarm system."
Spike says: "Geese?"
Shining Armor says: "You can hear their honks all the way in Ponyville."
Shining Armor says: "Plus they bite."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So that's what we're up against."
Applejack says: "Whew."
Applejack says: "That's a barrel and a half of obstacles."
Applejack says: "Plus a bushel and a peck of impenetrability."
Rarity says: "And all of this to win some fillyhood competition with your brother?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's more than that!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, it's exactly that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And to protect Celestia's castle!"
Fluttershy says: "If it means that much to you, Twilight, we're in."
Pinkie Pie says: "I was already in!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Come on, who doesn't want to hang with geese?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Of course we'll help."
Rainbow Dash says: "But how?"
Spike says: "Shining Armor may have come up with some great security, but he'll never guess Twilight's plan."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We play to our strengths and defeat all of the security measures."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That way, if one of us fails, the others will still have a shot at getting the crown."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie, you'll distract the guards with a surprise party."
Pinkie Pie says: "Yes, sir, Twilight, sir!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Applejack, you'll buck your way into the sealed tunnels."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow Dash, if anypony can outfly those wind turbines, it's you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity, you'll sew us guard costumes so we can sneak past security."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Then Fluttershy will disable the throne room alarm by charming the geese."
Spike says: "It's from Shining Armor."
Spike says: "Tunnels?"
Spike says: "He guessed your whole plan!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie party, Rarity costumes..."
Twilight Sparkle says: ""Signed, the future Sibling Supreme"?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, come on!"
Rarity says: "Twilight, darling, nopony knows you better than your own brother."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So you're saying I should give up?"
Rarity says: "I'm saying your brother will win."
Rarity says: "No matter how brilliant your plan is, no matter how many variations you try, it will be something your brother expects, and he'll always win!"
Rarity says: "Unless..."
Rarity says: "when the perfect chance comes along, you do something he can't expect."
Rarity says: "Then you'll win."
Spike says: "You've been practicing that speech, haven't you?"
Rarity says: "A little bit."
Rarity says: "It felt like I rushed."
Rarity says: "Did I rush it?"
Applejack says: "Absolutely not."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, no."
Pinkie Pie says: "Yeah, it was fast-ish."
Rarity says: "We have to do the opposite of what Shining Armor expects."
Rarity says: "Therefore, Twilight cannot mastermind the plan."
Rarity says: "But I can!"
Applejack says: "That's..."
Applejack says: "definitely unexpected."
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, how is you making a break-in plan the opposite of Twilight doing it?"
Rarity says: "Because my plan is for each of us to devise our own unexpected part of it."
Rarity says: "Allow me to demonstrate."
Rarity says: "We're looking for a pony with information."
Rainbow Dash says: "We got questions, and you're gonna serve us up some answers, juice jockey!"
Rarity says: "Where is the secret entrance to the passages under Canterlot Castle?"
Server Pony says: "Shining Armor sealed 'em all."
Server Pony says: "There's no secret entrance."
Rarity says: "There's always a secret entrance!"
Rainbow Dash says: "So make like a glass of O."
Rainbow Dash says: "J."
Rainbow Dash says: "and spill!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh, ooh, ooh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I know what I can do!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Too low, silly!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Up here!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What?"
Applejack says: "How about somethin' a little more down-to-earth?"
Applejack says: "Like, I distract the guard ponies with a farewell performance by my alter ego, famous country-western superstar Apple Chord!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I didn't know you had an alter ego."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And why would she be giving a farewell performance?"
Applejack says: "Well, it's a long story."
Applejack says: "Back on the farm, playin' music was about makin' her family smile."
Applejack says: "Word of her talent spread, and soon, Apple Chord was playin' real shows."
Applejack says: "The more she played, the bigger those shows got."
Applejack says: "But she missed playin' for her family..."
Applejack says: "So one day, she gave it all up."
Applejack says: "Seein' her family smile was all she ever wanted from her music."
Applejack says: "Of course, Apple Chord could come out of retirement for a farewell concert this one time."
Rainbow Dash says: "Wait."
Rainbow Dash says: "Did you just make all that up, or did that actually happen?"
Applejack says: "Um..."
Rarity says: "Doesn't matter."
Rarity says: "It's perfect."
Rarity says: "Fluttershy?"
Rarity says: "Spike?"
Fluttershy says: "Well, I guess the opposite of what I'm good at is..."
Fluttershy says: "..."
Fluttershy says: "being in small spaces."
Spike says: "I always wanted to be a super-spy."
Spike says: "Is that the opposite of anything?"
Spike says: "Special Agent Fluttershy, target detected below."
Fluttershy says: "It's almost too easy."
Mission Impossible-esque music.
Twilight Sparkle says: "Mm-mm."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I guess I'm the only one left that still needs a plan."
Rarity says: "Oh, no, darling."
Rarity says: "That is the plan."
Rarity says: "You shall do nothing!"
Spike says: "Shining Armor definitely won't expect that."
Shining Armor says: "Applejack?"
Shining Armor says: "What are you doing?"
Applejack says: "Applejack?"
Applejack says: "Who's that?"
Applejack says: "My name's Apple Chord, and I've got a couple of songs to play for ya."
Applejack says: "Clap your hooves if you know 'em!"
Applejack says: "And a one, and a two, and a..."
My love is like a barrel.
A barrel full of hay.
Rainbow Dash says: "The Wonderbolts did a fly-by, and the only way past those giant fans and into the castle ducts is here."
Rainbow Dash says: "But there's no room for mistakes!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Just like space travel!"
Fluttershy says: "Uh, Pinkie?"
Fluttershy says: "We're not actually going into space, right?"
Pinkie Pie says: "No, silly!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm dropping you two off as soon as we're close to the fans!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Then I'm going into space!"
Shining Armor says: "You're up to something, Twily."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nope."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just looking at the flowers."
Shining Armor says: "Right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ooh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe Rarity's plan will work!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Canterlot!"
Pinkie Pie says: "We have a problem!"
Applejack says: "I know that one's a crowd favorite."
Applejack says: "What say we play it one more time?"
Applejack says: "And a one, and a two, and a—"
Applejack says: "A distraction's a distraction."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Where's Spike and Fluttershy?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Did they make it into the castle?"
Pinkie Pie says: "They jumped out right before the balloon went  but that's all I could see without being in space, where I didn't get to go!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Let's hope Rarity and Rainbow Dash had better luck."
Rarity says: "What's this?"
Rarity says: "Closed?!"
Rarity says: "!"
BeauDe Mane says: "Oh, the seedy juice joint is always closed around this time."
Rarity says: "Then how are we meant to shake down ne'er-do-wells for information?!"
Rarity says: "!"
BeauDe Mane says: "What sort of information do you need?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Um, the location to a secret entrance to the passages under Canterlot Castle."
BeauDe Mane says: "You mean that one?"
Rarity says: "Yes, thank you."
Rarity says: "That will do nicely."
Rainbow Dash says: "Zephyr Breeze?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rarity says: "Oh-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho, darling, this couldn't be more perfect!"
Rainbow Dash says: "How is this perfect?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "He's the most annoying pony in Equestria, and he's totally obsessed with me, and we have to come up with a way to distract—"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, no."
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, no-no, no way!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Unh-unh!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Wha..."
Zephyr Breeze says: "?"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Rainbow!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "I knew you'd come running when you heard I got this job!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "The mares love a pony in uniform, am I right?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Not really."
Rainbow Dash says: "I mean, eh, totally."
Rainbow Dash says: "Why don't you step into the light so I can see how..."
Rainbow Dash says: "ugh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "handsome you look in it?"
Zephyr Breeze says: "I told the sarge that gold kinda clashes with my aura, but apparently, they aren't big on input."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Still, I totally managed to rock the look, don't you think?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yep."
Rainbow Dash says: "You're real guard material."
Zephyr Breeze says: "I'm part of the castle team now, so I'm basically—"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Whoa!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "We got a swooner!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "It's good you're finally being honest with your feelings for me, Rainbows."
Rainbow Dash says: "Blech."
Zephyr Breeze says: "The truth is such a gift."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Like, I had to follow my bliss to see guarding is my calling."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Like, look at me go."
Zephyr Breeze says: "I'm gonna walk over here, and I go whoo!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Over there!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "And I go, "Yeah!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "" and sometimes, I just stand like this and look real cool, and I go down the hallway and go, "Unh, unh, unh, unh, unh!"
Fluttershy says: "We'll have to glide to the throne."
Fluttershy says: "No flapping."
Princess Luna says: "Sister!"
Princess Luna says: "Another false alarm from Shining Armor's guard geese!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We should have heard by now!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Something must have gone wrong!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Probably several somethings."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No lookout, no distraction, and no word from the ponies inside!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm starting to think this whole operation might be a giant flop!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, no!"
Spike says: "Gee, Fluttershy, I thought your whole small spaces thing was just part of the plan to be unexpected."
Fluttershy says: "Once, I got trapped in the Castle of the Two Sisters, and Angel Bunny and I were separated!"
Fluttershy says: "Now whenever I'm in a tiny room, it's all I can think about!"
Fluttershy says: "I was so worried he felt alone and forgotten!"
Spike says: "I know that that's like."
Fluttershy says: "What do you mean?"
Spike says: "I was always excited to be a part of Twilight's and Shining Armor's rivalry, like I was their little brother."
Spike says: "But they never really thought of me that way."
Fluttershy says: "I know they both have a special place in their heart for you, but sibling dynamics are hard."
Fluttershy says: "Trust me."
Spike says: "Right."
Spike says: "Zephyr Breeze."
Fluttershy says: "Honestly, he could learn a lot from you about being a little brother."
Rarity says: "I am sick of being lost in these slimy corridors, too!"
Rarity says: "But you shouldn't pull every lever you come across!"
Rarity says: "Half of them are traps!"
Rainbow Dash says: "And the other half might open a secret passage to the castle!"
Rarity says: "It's not worth the risk!"
Rarity says: "Oh, hello, Spike."
Rarity says: "Even if we did find our way back to the castle, we'd still have all of those guar—"
Rarity says: "Spike?"
Rarity says: "Fluttershy?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, what are you guys doing down here?"
Spike says: "We, uh, kind of fell through the floor."
Fluttershy says: "I don't think our plan is working."
Rarity says: "We've both hit dead ends."
Rarity says: "Perhaps we should return to the outside and reevaluate."
Rarity says: "Eugh!"
Spike says: "Psssssst!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What are you all doing out here?"
Rarity says: "In retrospect, our plan might have been too unexpected."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Every part of it failed?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, now I'll never get the crown!"
Spike says: "Maybe we should go back to doing things the Twilight way."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You mean the totally expected way?"
Spike says: "It may not be a surprise, but you have a pretty good record for planning things."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Then I guess it's worth a try."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thanks, Spike."
Spike says: "What are little brothers for?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You all know what to do!"
Rarity says: "At least one part of our expected plan worked unexpectedly."
Zephyr Breeze says: "To be fair, it was never made specifically clear to me what "guarding" actually means, so this is on you."
Applejack says: "I'm strong, Twilight, but not even I can buck through solid rock."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's why I brought a specialist."
Rarity says: "Next shift."
Rarity says: "You're on break."
Fluttershy says: "You've been glaring so hard."
Fluttershy says: "Who wants a feather massage?"
Spike says: "We mapped this out when we got lost down here."
Spike says: "The lever to the secret hallway entrance should be..."
Spike says: "here."
Rainbow Dash says: "I can't believe this worked!"
Spike says: "I guess sometimes the best plan is the one you expect!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "All I have to do now is fly over and take the crown, and I'll be Sibling Supreme forever!"
Shining Armor says: "Not exactly."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, come on!"
Shining Armor says: "Gotta admit, it was unexpected for you to do everything exactly how I thought you would."
Shining Armor says: "But you should know by now there's no way to beat the true Sibling Surpreme!"
Princess Celestia says: "I am sorry, Twilight, but it looks as though Shining Armor has truly won the crown."
Spike says: "That's the thing about looks."
Spike says: "They can be deceiving."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Shining Armor says: "How in Equestria did you do it?!"
Shining Armor says: "!"
Spike says: "Come on."
Spike says: "You two don't think you have the only sibling rivalry."
Spike says: "I had an inside pony help."
Spike says: "It wasn't hard to miss there were some disagreements on the whole security thing."
Princess Luna says: "I said we could do it ourselves, but some ponies are a bit more stubborn."
Spike says: "So, while Shining Armor went on and on about his improved security measures, Luna and I struck a deal."
Spike says: "She put Zephyr in charge of the catacombs and helped keep Celestia out of the castle hallways."
Spike says: "Once Luna was on board, I just had to do my part and make sure we stuck to Twilight's plan so we'd all get to the throne room at the same time."
Spike says: "I knew Shining Armor would let it play out until the last possible second."
Spike says: "Then, while everyone was distracted by his gloating, all Luna had to do was float the crown over to me."
Princess Celestia says: "I, uh, apologize, for not listening to your concerns, sister."
Princess Celestia says: "It seems we need to make adjustments to account for threats inside the castle as well as out."
Princess Celestia says: "If you agree?"
Princess Luna says: "If you think it's worth discussing."
Rainbow Dash says: "So, if Twilight and Shining Armor failed, who gets the crown?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The true Sibling Supreme."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike."
Spike says: "Huh?"
Shining Armor says: "The little brother we've always had."
Mane Six says: "Awww..."