Sweetie Belle says: "I have to leave for dress rehearsal soon, Rarity!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Is it finished yet?"
Rarity says: "Uh, not quite."
Rarity says: "I still feel it needs a certain je ne sais quoi."
Rarity says: "Perhaps it needs..."
Rarity says: "appliqués."
Sweetie Belle says: "Appliqués?"
Rarity says: "Or sequins."
Sweetie Belle says: "Sequins!"
Rarity says: "Sweetie Belle, I adore having you help me, truly I do, but..."
Sweetie Belle says: "Guess I got a little carried away."
Sweetie Belle says: "It's just that I know how important it is for you to finish this wardrobe in time for Sapphire Shores and her backup dancers."
Rarity says: "This is without a doubt my most prestigious order ever."
Rarity says: "After all, Sapphire Shores is the pony of pop, and her Equestria-wide tour launches in Canterlot next week!"
Rarity says: "Which means she must have these outfits by day after tomorrow at the latest!"
Sweetie Belle says: "But is there time?"
Rarity says: "Barely."
Rarity says: "But I work well under pressure."
Rarity says: "Hmm, as long as I stay calm, I'll be fine."
Sweetie Belle says: "Oh, good!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Then maybe you could check the stitching and finish the buttons on the dresses I made for me, Apple Bloom, and Scootaloo?"
Sweetie Belle says: "I really want them to look perfect, and..."
Sweetie Belle says: "I think I need your expertise."
Rarity says: "My, you've been so much help to me."
Rarity says: "How could I possibly say no?"
Rarity says: "When do you need them?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Tomorrow night."
Sweetie Belle says: "For the opening night of our show!"
Rarity says: "But, Sweetie Belle, darling!"
Rarity says: "I, I'm behind as it is!"
Sweetie Belle says: "I understand."
Rarity says: "I suppose..."
Rarity says: "if I got a few more ponies to help me, then maybe..."
Sweetie Belle says: "Oh, thank you thank you thank you thank you!"
Sweetie Belle says: "You're the best sister ever!"
Sweetie Belle says: "The dresses are right over there!"
Cheerilee says: "My goodness, girls, it's time!"
Cheerilee says: "And the audience is almost fully seated!"
Cheerilee says: "Costumes!"
Scootaloo says: "I can't believe Rarity still isn't here with the costumes."
Sweetie Belle says: "She's been very busy lately!"
Apple Bloom says: "But how can she still not be here?"
Apple Bloom says: "She's known about this for weeks!"
Apple Bloom says: "Uh..."
Apple Bloom says: "she has known about this for weeks, right?"
Sweetie Belle says: "I kept meaning to ask her, I really did, but I worked so hard on this play."
Sweetie Belle says: "I wrote it especially for the three of us!"
Sweetie Belle says: "I directed it, I'm in it, I made the costumes..."
Sweetie Belle says: "It's just that this is really my time to shine doing something completely myself, and I really wanted to keep it that way!"
Apple Bloom says: "But we wanted everything to be perfect!"
Apple Bloom says: "All our friends came out to see it tonight!"
Cheerilee says: "Places!"
Rarity says: "Oh, I'm here, I'm here!"
Sweetie Belle says: "You made it!"
Rarity says: "Oh, I beg your pardon for cutting it so close, but I made some improvements to your original design, and I had a terrible time with these froofy sleeves."
Rarity says: "It is for the first play you ever wrote, after all, so I made quite certain it came out just so."
Cheerilee says: "Places!"
Cheerilee says: "Hello?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Forsooth and anon, I cometh forthwith and posthaste with glad tidings, miladies."
Apple Bloom says: "Wow!"
Apple Bloom says: "A standin' ovation!"
Scootaloo says: "I still have goosebumps!"
Apple Bloom says: "This must be like a dream come true for you, huh, Sweetie Belle?"
Scootaloo says: "Ooh, can you imagine if this show was how you got your cutie mark?"
Apple Bloom says: "Which do you think you'd get it for?"
Apple Bloom says: "Writing, directing, or acting?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Let's not get carried away."
Sweetie Belle says: "We've got a whole lobby full of friends waiting to shower us with adoration and praise."
Sweetie Belle says: "Try to be gracious."
Scootaloo says: "Modest."
Apple Bloom says: "Classy."
Sweetie Belle says: "Here we are, the stars of the show!"
Apple Bloom says: "You may tell us how much you loved it now."
Scootaloo says: "Line forms here!"
Spike says: "Wow, you guys!"
Spike says: "I think your sisters would have loved it!"
Apple Bloom says: "Would have?"
Spike says: "They're sorry, but they had to go help Rarity get Sapphire Shores' wardrobe ready to take to Canterlot in the morning."
Scootaloo says: "Even Rainbow Dash?"
Spike says: "Yeah."
Spike says: "Rarity fell way behind."
Apple Bloom says: "Aww."
Scootaloo says: "Aww."
Spike says: "Aw, cheer up, the show was great!"
Spike says: "I'll get you some punch."
Sweetie Belle says: "At least everypony else who was able to stay loved it."
Sweetie Belle says: "What did you all like best?"
Sweetie Belle says: "The writing, the directing, or the acting?"
Lemon Hearts says: "Oh my, I- I loved the dresses."
Noteworthy says: "I liked some of those lines you said."
Sweetie Belle says: "Oh, really?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Which ones?"
Noteworthy says: "Uh, I don't really remember, but you were wearing a pink taffeta dress with lots of chiffon when you said them!"
Noteworthy says: "Whoo-ee, that outfit was a dazzler!"
Lemon Hearts says: "I liked that one almost as much as the one with the lacy trim and all the embroidered cuffs!"
Noteworthy says: "That was a nice one too!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Isn't there anypony here who remembers anything about the play besides the dresses?!"
Sweetie Belle says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "All of this is one headpiece?"
Rarity says: "Indeed."
Rarity says: "This marvelous extravagance is the crème de la crème of the entire wardrobe!"
Rarity says: "But alas, without this key hidden stitch, it's just a..."
Rarity says: "I'm trying to think of a nicer way to say 'big bummer'."
Rarity says: "Now perhaps we can all at last take a moment to relax!"
Rarity says: "Whatever's the matter, Sweetie Belle?"
Rarity says: "Didn't the play go all right?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Not even close."
Rarity says: "Oh, dear."
Rarity says: "Was something amiss with the dresses I made you?"
Sweetie Belle says: "No, they were perfect, and that was the whole problem!"
Applejack says: "Huh?"
Fluttershy says: "Huh?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Huh?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Huh?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, um, I think maybe I'll go take that moment to relax now."
Rainbow Dash says: "Heh, sure do feel like relaxing!"
Applejack says: "Right behind ya!"
Sweetie Belle says: "How could you?!"
Sweetie Belle says: "!"
Sweetie Belle says: ""Oh, what amazing dresses!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Oh, how I love the dresses!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Ooh, dresses, dresses, dresses, dresses!"
Rarity says: "Oh, so they did like them."
Rarity says: "You had me worried, you silly filly."
Sweetie Belle says: "There!"
Sweetie Belle says: "I knew it!"
Sweetie Belle says: "You did this on purpose!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Stealing the spotlight like you always do!"
Sweetie Belle says: "It's my fifth birthday party all over again!"
Rarity says: "The..."
Rarity says: "the what now?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Don't act like you don't remember."
Sweetie Belle says: "Or are you trying to prove you're a better actress than me too?!"
Sweetie Belle says: "!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Admit you made those dresses too good on purpose!"
Rarity says: "I thought they were supposed to be good."
Sweetie Belle says: "Yes, good."
Sweetie Belle says: "Not jaw-dropping amazing!"
Rarity says: "I only tried to do what I thought you wanted."
Sweetie Belle says: "Ha!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Ugh, I don't believe it."
Sweetie Belle says: "After everything I put up with all week long!"
Sweetie Belle says: "For Pete's sake, it's all red!"
Rarity says: "I should probably go talk to her, hm?"
Sweetie Belle says: "At least Sapphire Shores won't be all like "Ooh, who fetched you that red ribbon?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Because I don't care about anything else you made."
Sweetie Belle says: "All I care about is that amazing red ribbon!"
Rarity says: "Perhaps waiting would be best."
Sweetie Belle says: "Ughhh!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Hgh, hgh, hgh!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Nnngh!"
Sweetie Belle says: "I wish there was a way I could take back all the work I did!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Even better."
Sweetie Belle says: "Now what?"
Eclair Crème says: "And the winner of the "Best Writer, Director, Actor in an Awesome Play Put on by a Pony and Her Awesome Best Friends" goes to..."
"Star Gazer" says: "Sweetie Belle!"
Wilhelm scream.
Sweetie Belle says: "Don't go!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Stop!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Why do you have to ruin everything?!"
Sweetie Belle says: "!"
Princess Luna says: "Enough!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Princess Luna!"
Sweetie Belle says: "It's really you!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Or am I dreaming?"
Princess Luna says: "What do you think?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Let me see."
Sweetie Belle says: "You just rescued me from a maniacal laughing Rarity-cloud."
Sweetie Belle says: "Yeah, probably dreaming."
Princess Luna says: "I understand what you're going through, Sweetie Belle."
Princess Luna says: "I too have a sister who often shines more brightly than me, and with this, I have struggled."
Sweetie Belle says: "Wait, come back!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Luna?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Can you hear me?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Thank you for what you did!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Help, Luna!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Luuuna!"
Sweetie Belle says: "I remember this."
Sweetie Belle says: "This is my fifth birthday party!"
Sweetie Belle says: "I decided to make a grand entrance."
Sweetie Belle says: "I made myself all beautiful, just like my big sister."
Sweetie Belle says: "Finally, I was perfect, and then went to the stairs to enter like the belle of the ball."
Sweetie Belle says: "When I finally came out of my room, I found the party going on without me."
Sweetie Belle says: "And I kept posing at the top of the stairs, waiting to be noticed, but all I heard was..."
"Mint Flower" says: "These party favors are the coolest!"
Little Pony 2 says: "Awesome!"
Little Pony 2 says: "Where did you get these?"
Rarity says: "Made them myself."
Rarity says: "And of course, you'll all want cake, won't you?"
Little Pony 2 says: "You're the greatest, Rarity!"
"Plum Star" says: "Who needs a birthday girl when you've got the birthday girl's amazing big sister?"
Sweetie Belle says: "That's when I learned 'never try to shine with my big sister around'."
Princess Luna says: "But perhaps you didn't have the whole story."
Sweetie Belle says: "I thought you said you understood?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Luna?"
Little Pony 2 says: "Where's Sweetie Belle?"
Rarity says: "I'm sure she'll be along in any moment."
"Titania" says: "I'm tired of waiting."
"Titania" says: "I say we get out of here before we all keel over from boredom."
"Titania" says: "Who's with me?"
"Titania" says: "Poor Sweetie Belle."
"Titania" says: "Nopony's gonna come to another one of her parties after this fiasco."
Rarity says: "Don't go!"
Rarity says: "You'll miss out on the, uh, party favors!"
Rarity says: "I was going to save them 'til the end, but..."
"Mint Flower" says: "These party favors are the coolest!"
Little Pony 2 says: "Awesome?"
Little Pony 2 says: "Where did you get these?"
Rarity says: "Made them myself."
Rarity says: "And of course, you'll all want cake, won't you?"
"Plum Star" says: "Who needs a birthday girl when you've got the birthday girl's amazing big sister?"
Rarity says: "Oh, no-no-no."
Rarity says: "All of these things were Sweetie Belle's idea."
Rarity says: "I just assisted with the execution."
Sweetie Belle says: "I guess Rarity wasn't trying to steal the spotlight."
Sweetie Belle says: "She was trying to save my party."
Sweetie Belle says: "Luna?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Luna!"
Rarity says: "Should I hem the cloaks now or wait until I'm there?"
Rarity says: "I could hem them now, but I might have to redo them..."
Sweetie Belle says: "When was this?"
Rarity says: "But if I wait until I'm in Canterlot to hem them, Sapphire Shores might not get the best first impression..."
Sweetie Belle says: "Wait."
Sweetie Belle says: "This must've happened earlier tonight!"
Rarity says: "Ooh..."
Rarity says: "Sapphire Shores is such a big star and such a stickler for details."
Rarity says: "What if everything's not perfect enough?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Funny, I thought I was the only one who got worried about stuff like that."
Rarity says: "Oh, buck up, Rarity, stop this foolishness."
Rarity says: "You've done your best and left nothing to chance!"
Rarity says: "All that's needed now is a good night's rest."
Sweetie Belle says: "I hope everything goes alright for her tomorrow."
Princess Luna says: "Hm."
Princess Luna says: "How curious you should say that."
Princess Luna says: "Go."
Princess Luna says: "Go see what the future holds if you fail to rein in your worst instincts, as I once did."
Rarity says: "And here it is!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Noooo!"
Rarity says: "The piéce de resistance..."
Sweetie Belle says: "Don't!"
Rarity says: "The headdress!"
Sapphire Shores says: "Looks like I made a mistake here."
Rarity says: "But, but this is impossible!"
Rarity says: "I, I, I checked and rechecked everything!"
Rarity says: "This couldn't have happened!"
Sapphire Shores says: "You sure about that, honey?"
Rarity says: "Please, you must believe me!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Listen to my sister!"
Sweetie Belle says: "I don't wanna see any more!"
Rarity says: "Always check and recheck!"
Sapphire Shores says: "Who all wants to hear a funny story about my ex-costume designer?"
Rarity says: "Check, recheck, recheck, then recheck!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Make it stop!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Princess Luna, can you hear me?!"
Sweetie Belle says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "Make me a dress, Rarity, please?"
Rarity says: "Go away!"
Rarity says: "You know I don't do that anymore!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Wake me up, Princess Luna, wake me up, wake me uuuup!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Rarity?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Oh no!"
Sweetie Belle says: "The box is..."
Sweetie Belle says: "gone?"
Sweetie Belle says: "I'm too late!"
Sweetie Belle says: "She left for Canterlot!"
Sweetie Belle says: "The key is for you two to distract Rarity long enough for me to put the stitch back in without her noticing."
Scootaloo says: "If we're not too late already."
Apple Bloom says: "Oh, my gosh!"
Apple Bloom says: "I can't believe we're goin' to see Sapphire Shores!"
Apple Bloom says: "I'm such a huge fan!"
Apple Bloom says: "I know all her songs!"
Scootaloo says: "'Get Your Pony On'!"
Apple Bloom says: "Ooh, that's one of my favorites!"
Sweetie Belle says: "This isn't a trip to see Sapphire Shores!"
Sweetie Belle says: "It's a trip to save my sister from a horrible future!"
Scootaloo says: "'Serves Her Right'!"
Sweetie Belle says: "How can you say that?!"
Sweetie Belle says: "!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Rarity doesn't deserve that at all!"
Scootaloo says: "No, 'Serves Her Right' is another one of Sapphire Shores' songs!"
Apple Bloom says: "You seriously didn't know that?"
Apple Bloom says: "Don't you listen to her music?!"
Apple Bloom says: "!"
Sweetie Belle says: "..."
Sweetie Belle says: "I prefer show tunes."
Scootaloo says: "Ugh."
Apple Bloom says: "Ugh."
Sapphire Shores says: "Five, six, seven eight, ba-bam!"
Rarity says: "Oh, bravo!"
Rarity says: "Fabulous!"
Rarity says: "Magnifique!"
Sapphire Shores says: "One more time, from the top."
Sapphire Shores says: "Let's not embarrass me in front of my favorite designer this time?"
Sapphire Shores says: "And a-one, two, three, four!"
Sweetie Belle says: "But you have to let us in!"
Sweetie Belle says: "I'm Sapphire Shores' designer's sister!"
Sweetie Belle says: "You have to believe us!"
Security guard says: "Kid, the only thing I have to do is make sure Sapphire Shores doesn't get interrupted all day by fans like you."
Sweetie Belle says: "But I'm not a fan!"
Apple Bloom says: "I am!"
Scootaloo says: "Me too!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Not helping!"
Sapphire Shores says: "Now, that's how I like it!"
Sapphire Shores says: "You rocked it, girls!"
Sapphire Shores says: "Get some water and be back in ten."
Sapphire Shores says: "Rar-i-ty, come on up here and show me what you brought me."
Sapphire Shores says: "Sapphire wants to see it and to love it!"
Scootaloo says: "Almost..."
Scootaloo says: "Oof!"
Sweetie Belle says: "We've gotta get in there, now!"
Sapphire Shores says: "Okay then."
Sapphire Shores says: "Liking what I see so far."
Sapphire Shores says: "So is this the whole shebang?"
Rarity says: "Actually, I saved the best for last!"
Rarity says: "And here it is!"
Sweetie Belle says: "You gotta see this with the cinnamon ribbon!"
Sweetie Belle says: "You'll love it!"
Rarity says: "Sweetie Belle?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Sapphire Shores says: "You know her?"
Rarity says: "Uh..."
Rarity says: "Ahem."
Rarity says: "Just a moment!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Oh, good!"
Sweetie Belle says: "This is just a dream!"
Princess Luna says: "Actually, no."
Princess Luna says: "This is very much real."
Sweetie Belle says: "Oh, Luna..."
Sweetie Belle says: "I wish none of this ever happened..."
Sweetie Belle says: "What am I gonna do?"
Princess Luna says: "Let's begin with this."
Princess Luna says: "And I think I know how you can even improve it."
Rarity says: "I would like to know what in the wide, wide realm of Equestria this stunt of yours is all about, and I want to know now!"
Rarity says: "Do you have any idea how important this job is to me?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Actually, I do."
Sweetie Belle says: "I was upset at you for stealing the spotlight from me at the play, so I pulled out the center stitch to the headpiece so it would fall apart."
Rarity says: "What?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Sweetie Belle says: "But then I realized I didn't want your future to be ruined forever and ever, so I came back to change it before it was too late!"
Sweetie Belle says: "So..."
Sweetie Belle says: "here it is."
Sweetie Belle says: "It's all fixed."
Sweetie Belle says: "Please forgive me."
Rarity says: "Wait..."
Rarity says: "what is this?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Trust me."
Sweetie Belle says: "Sapphire Shores is gonna love it."
Sapphire Shores says: "Rarity, this isn't going to work out."
Sapphire Shores says: "You don't get to my level of success without learning to read the signs, and this situation has bad luck written all over it."
Rarity says: "I promise you'll absolutely adore the headdress as soon as you see it."
Sapphire Shores says: "My, it is attractive, but..."
Sweetie Belle says: "Look at the stitching, real close."
Sapphire Shores says: "Well, I'll be."
Sapphire Shores says: "It's a dolphin!"
Sapphire Shores says: "That's my lucky animal!"
Sapphire Shores says: "They swim with me in my dreams."
Rarity says: "Wherever did you come up with the idea for a dolphin?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Oh, it just came to me..."
Sweetie Belle says: "in a dream."
Sweetie Belle says: "I'm sorry I got jealous about those dresses."
Sweetie Belle says: "I know now that you were only trying to help."
Rarity says: "Oh, Sweetie, I forgive you!"
Rarity says: "But I never did get to see your play."
Rarity says: "Any chance I could catch an encore performance?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Uh, I don't think the play went all that good."
Sweetie Belle says: "To be honest, the costumes were the best part."
Rarity says: "Awww!"