Fluttershy says: "Does everyanimal have their copy of Wuthering Hooves?"
Fluttershy says: "Hooray!"
Fluttershy says: "I love Furry Friends Book Club!"
Fluttershy says: "Now, let's discuss the theme of nature as it applies to Hoofcliff's love."
Fluttershy says: "Did somepony leave a light on?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, it's me."
Fluttershy says: "Oh!"
Fluttershy says: "It's me!"
Fluttershy says: "We'll continue this discussion when I get back!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're here!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Isn't this exciting?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh!"
Fluttershy says: "You were called, too!"
Fluttershy says: "Thank goodness."
Fluttershy says: "I feel so much better going with a friend."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I was about to come and get you, but then I got distracted."
Fluttershy says: "Oh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ever since the map called us, I've been doing a ton of research."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Testing out potential friendship problems."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Diversifying my solution portfolio."
Fluttershy says: "Ever since the map called us?"
Fluttershy says: "But that happened five minutes ago."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I wanna be one hundred percent prepared!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I mean, I'm the Princess of Friendship."
Twilight Sparkle says: "How would it look if I couldn't solve a friendship problem?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I'm so lucky I'm being sent with you."
Fluttershy says: "Speaking of which, where are we going?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Smokey Mountains!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I've never been there before."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Neither have I."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And there isn't a lot of information on them."
Twilight Sparkle says: "All I could find was this."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Smokey Mountains harbor the most beautiful valley in all of Equestria between its two majestic mountain peaks."
Fluttershy says: "That's gorgeous."
Fluttershy says: "And where there's nature, there's a ton of animal friends!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't wait to get started!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm a little nervous since that's all I could find."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I usually like to be a bit more prepared."
Fluttershy says: "You seem pretty prepared to me."
Fluttershy says: "Are those for us?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yep!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've prepared our things."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Snacks, books, blankets, books."
Fluttershy says: "You said "books" twice."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There are a lot of books."
Fluttershy says: "Ooh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What do ya think our friendship problem's gonna be?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Do you think it'll be a problem about lying?"
Fluttershy says: "I'm sure we'll find out when we get there."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ooh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Could it be about when two friends just randomly decide to do something together, but they forget to invite the third friend, and the third friend feels left out?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Or where one friend tells another friend's secret after they asked them not to?"
Fluttershy says: "We'll know very, very soon."
Fluttershy says: "Since we're almost there."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Lemme get that."
Fluttershy says: "Thank you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sorry I've been a little skiddly-bopty-boo."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just can't believe this is finally happening!"
Fluttershy says: "Whoa!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Whoa!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What in Equestria is happening?"
Fluttershy says: "It's nothing like your book said it would be!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, boy."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm feeling very unprepared."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Where do we even start?"
Fluttershy says: "Maybe by figuring out where the flying pumpkins are coming from?"
Ma Hooffield says: "Ready..."
Ma Hooffield says: "Aim..."
Ma Hooffield says: "Fire!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Um, hi."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hello."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Excuse us, but what are you doing?"
Ma Hooffield says: "We're pumpkinin' our neighbors!"
Fluttershy says: "Yes, but, um, why are you..."
Fluttershy says: ""pumpkining" your neighbors?"
Ma Hooffield says: "Well, because the McColts are just plain rotten."
Ma Hooffield says: "Hey, wait a tick."
Ma Hooffield says: "Who are you two?!"
Ma Hooffield says: "!"
Ma Hooffield says: "You're not spies for the McColts, are ya?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I am Twilight Sparkle, the Princess of Friendship."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And I am here to solve your friendship problem."
Fluttershy says: "I'm Fluttershy, and..."
Fluttershy says: "um..."
Fluttershy says: "I'm here, too."
Ma Hooffield says: "Ma Hooffield."
Ma Hooffield says: "Pleased to meet ya, but you're wastin' your time."
Ma Hooffield says: "We don't have a friendship problem."
Ma Hooffield says: "We have..."
Ma Hooffield says: "a McColt problem."
"Buzzard Hooffield" says: "And there's absolutely no friendship there."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, maybe there could be if we figure out what the McColts did to make you so mad."
Ma Hooffield says: "Oh, they done so many things."
Ma Hooffield says: "Why, just today, they shot pebbles at our farmhouse an' wrecked it."
Ma Hooffield says: "See, we're not very good at buildin', so all it took was a little pebble."
Ma Hooffield says: "But still!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, no!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know what to do."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're gonna talk with these McColts and hear their side of the story."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Once we have all the facts, we can put an end to this using reason and rationale."
Fluttershy says: "Good plan."
Fluttershy says: "That's why she's the princess."
Twilight Sparkle says: "In the meantime, could you please call off the pumpkining?"
Ma Hooffield says: "Oh, alright."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thanks."
Twilight Sparkle says: "C'mon, Fluttershy."
"Steel Bolts" says: "State your business!"
"Rosy Riveter" says: "Don't even bother."
"Rosy Riveter" says: "They're probably spies for the Hooffields."
"Steel Bolts" says: "Hey, wait!"
"Steel Bolts" says: "You're an Alicorn!"
"Steel Bolts" says: "I thought just the three princesses were Alicorns."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There are four Alicorn princesses in Equestria now."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I am Twilight Sparkle, the Princess of Friendship."
Fluttershy says: "And I'm Fluttershy."
"Steel Bolts" says: "We have a new princess?"
"Steel Bolts" says: "When did that happen?"
"Steel Bolts" says: "A-A-And how did the Hooffields come by a princess spy?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We are not spies!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why does everypony assume we're spies?"
Big Daddy McColt says: "Because we don't get a lot of visitors."
Big Daddy McColt says: "I'm Big Daddy McColt."
Big Daddy McColt says: "You caught us at a weird time."
Big Daddy McColt says: "We're in the middle of a giant feud with our..."
Big Daddy McColt says: "Terrible neighbors!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, actually, that's why we're here – to solve your problem with the Hooffields."
Big Daddy McColt says: "So you're here to help us get rid of 'em."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's not what I meant at all!"
Big Daddy McColt says: "Well, if you ain't fer us, you're agin' us."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We are not on anypony's side."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're here to help you become friends again."
Big Daddy McColt says: "Well, that's gon' be hard."
Big Daddy McColt says: "I don't believe we've ever been friends with the Hooffields!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But you could be!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "They're just really upset you ruined their farmhouse."
Big Daddy McColt says: "Wait a hog-wogglin' minute!"
Big Daddy McColt says: "We only did that because the Hooffields pulled the pin out of our wagon wheel!"
Big Daddy McColt says: "A whole week's worth of food rollin' down the mountain."
Big Daddy McColt says: "Us McColts are mighty fine builders, but we don't know the first thing about farmin'."
Big Daddy McColt says: "We have to travel a ways away to buy our food."
Big Daddy McColt says: "Now, we'll be stuck eatin' the pumpkins the Hooffields launched at us."
Big Daddy McColt says: "Pumpkin bread, pumpkin soup, pumpkin  quesadillas, pumpkin paella, pumpkin cheese, pumpkin pie, pumpkin frittatas..."
Big Daddy McColt says: "Actually, that all sounds pretty good."
Big Daddy McColt says: "But it'll get old!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Have you tried meeting at a neutral location, talking about your problems, and really listening to each other?"
Big Daddy McColt says: "What?!"
Big Daddy McColt says: "!"
Big Daddy McColt says: "No!"
Big Daddy McColt says: "They'd sooner launch their dinners at us than listen to us."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, they'll listen to me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm an impartial third party."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That should do it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ready to go home, Fluttershy?"
Fluttershy says: "I'd love to."
Fluttershy says: "But if we solved the problem already, shouldn't our cutie marks be glowing again?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, yeah."
Twilight Sparkle says: "They should be glowing any minute now..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Or not."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So much for potential friendship solution number twenty-eight."
Fluttershy says: "I guess we should find out why the Hooffields are launching tomatoes now."
Ma Hooffield says: "One at a time, Greenhoof."
Ma Hooffield says: "If you smoosh them tomaters in the slingshot, they won't break on the McColts."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What are you doing?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I asked you to stop fighting."
Ma Hooffield says: "Oh, is that what you were hollerin' about?"
Ma Hooffield says: "We thought the McColts rubbed ya the wrong way."
Ma Hooffield says: "So we tomatered them for ya."
Ma Hooffield says: "My mistake."
Ma Hooffield says: "Stop the tomater slingshots!"
Ma Hooffield says: "Reload the tomater slingshots!"
Ma Hooffield says: "We're gonna paint their mountaintop red!"
Fluttershy says: "Bleh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, that didn't work."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I was so sure it would."
Fluttershy says: "It was a good plan."
Fluttershy says: "We need to think of another one."
Fluttershy says: "And soon."
Fluttershy says: "This fight is really affecting the animals around here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Not to worry."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'll just, uh..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "find the root of the problem and work from there."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pardon us, Ma, but do you remember what started this whole feud in the first place?"
Ma Hooffield says: "They know what they did."
Big Daddy McColt says: "They know what they did!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm starting to think neither of you know what either of you have done."
Big Daddy McColt says: "Sure, we do."
Big Daddy McColt says: "Them Hooffields did us a grave injustice some time ago for some reason."
McColts says: "Hear, hear!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, backup plan to the backup plan."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe we can find some common ground that you can bond over."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What do you do when you're not fighting?"
Big Daddy McColt says: "That's easy."
Big Daddy McColt says: "Gettin' ready to fight."
Fluttershy says: "What do you hope to get out of fighting?"
Ma Hooffield says: "The satisfaction of winnin'!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Of winning what?"
Big Daddy McColt says: "The fight, of course!"
Big Daddy McColt says: "To prove our family is the best!"
Fluttershy says: "The best at what?"
Ma Hooffield says: "Winnin'!"
Ma Hooffield says: "Haven't you been listenin'?!"
Ma Hooffield says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "So the only thing they have in common is that they both want to win a fight, and neither of them know what it's over."
Twilight Sparkle says: "How can I end this feud if I don't know what it's about?"
Fluttershy says: "Ooh!"
Fluttershy says: "Maybe somepony just needs to say they're sorry."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's a good idea."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And friendship solution number forty-eight."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But we can move it up."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm so glad you agreed to do this."
Twilight Sparkle says: "This apology cake will go a long way to making amends between you two."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Which part of my argument changed your mind?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The part where I said the benefits of friendship outweigh the cost of war, or the part where I said forgiveness is an investment in happiness?"
Ma Hooffield says: "Yeah, yeah."
Ma Hooffield says: "All of it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wait."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you even listening to me?"
"Steel Bolts" says: "Who goes there?!"
"Steel Bolts" says: "!"
Ma Hooffield says: "It's Ma Hooffield."
"Steel Bolts" says: "Hooffield alert!"
"Steel Bolts" says: "Arm the cannons!"
Ma Hooffield says: "With an apology cake!"
"Steel Bolts" says: "Did you say "cake"?"
"Steel Bolts" says: "As in..."
"Steel Bolts" says: "cake?"
Ma Hooffield says: "Consider it a gesture of goodwill from us to you."
"Rosy Riveter" says: "I haven't had cake in ages."
"Steel Bolts" says: "Open the gates!"
"Hacksaw McColt" says: "Oh, it's such a bee-utiful cake."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Think of this as more than just a cake."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's the first step in the long road to forgiveness."
Fluttershy says: "Nothing says "let's be friends" like a cake that says, "Let's be friends!"
Fluttershy says: ""  I wrote that in icing on the top."
Hooffields says: "For glory!"
Hooffields says: "Whoa!"
Big Daddy McColt says: "McColts!"
Big Daddy McColt says: "Assume Delta Force formation!"
McColts says: "Yah!"
Ma Hooffield says: "Ready..."
Ma Hooffield says: "aim..."
Ma Hooffield says: "fire!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ma Hooffield, you planted ponies in that cake?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Ma Hooffield says: "Yeah!"
Ma Hooffield says: "Wait."
Ma Hooffield says: "Were you serious about apologizin'?"
Ma Hooffield says: "Why in Equestria would we do that?"
Ma Hooffield says: "We didn't do anythin' wrong!"
Big Daddy McColt says: "What're you talkin' about?!"
Big Daddy McColt says: "!"
Big Daddy McColt says: "You done so many things wrong!"
Ma Hooffield says: "Not as many as you!"
Fluttershy says: "Um, if you could just not yell so much or maybe stop saying words altogether..."
Fluttershy says: "Wah!"
Fluttershy says: "Twilight?"
Fluttershy says: "Um, Twilight?"
Fluttershy says: "We should probably get back there."
Fluttershy says: "I mean, if you need a break, that's fine, but I really can't do this without you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know if we can do this at all."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Even if I make things right, they're just gonna fight again."
Fluttershy says: "Hey, little fellas."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, that's okay, you can come out."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What was that?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, you poor things!"
Fluttershy says: "There isn't enough food here for you!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, brrr, and you're freezing!"
Fluttershy says: "I'm gonna take you all home with me and get you all hot cocoas."
Fluttershy says: "How do you feel about book clubs?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't get it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "This was supposed to be the most beautiful valley in all of Equestria."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What happened?"
Fluttershy says: "What's that?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh!"
Fluttershy says: "Uh-huh..."
Fluttershy says: "Twilight!"
Fluttershy says: "They know what happened here!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Stop!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You have to listen to me!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everypony freeze!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's a lot harder to freeze an army of ponies than just six of them!"
Fluttershy says: "Before you keep fighting, there is something you should know!"
Fluttershy says: "Long ago, there were two best friends..."
Fluttershy says: "..."
Fluttershy says: "Grub Hooffield and Piles McColt."
Fluttershy says: "When they found the valley between the Smokey Mountains, they knew it was something special."
Fluttershy says: "So they made a promise to each other to protect and preserve the valley for all its adorable furry inhabitants."
Fluttershy says: "But they disagreed on how to go about it."
Fluttershy says: "Grub wanted to start by planting crops so that everypony would have something to eat."
Fluttershy says: "But Piles thought it would be better to start by building a shelter to protect them against the cold and wind."
Fluttershy says: "The two ponies were unable to come to an understanding, so Piles went ahead and built a shelter anyway, exactly where Grub was gonna start his farm!"
Fluttershy says: "Grub was upset, so he tore down Piles' shelter so he could plant his crops!"
Fluttershy says: "They kept fighting back and forth, until it turned into a feud!"
Fluttershy says: "The valley suffered from the constant destruction, until finally the Hooffields and McColts moved to separate mountains."
Fluttershy says: "Even then, the valley and all the animals in it continued to be caught in the crossfire."
Fluttershy says: "You see?"
Fluttershy says: "By fighting, you're destroying the very thing that brought you here in the first place!"
Fluttershy says: "So it's time you both put your differences aside and come together!"
Fluttershy says: "If not for yourselves, then for the sake of these cute and cuddly guys!"
Big Daddy McColt says: "Aw, shucks, we never meant to hurt you little critters."
Ma Hooffield says: "Yeah, we're sorry!"
Fluttershy says: "They say they accept your apology."
Big Daddy McColt says: "Uh, princess?"
Big Daddy McColt says: "You can unfreeze us now."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, right!"
Big Daddy McColt says: "Ma Hooffield?"
Big Daddy McColt says: "We promise we won't fight you no more."
Ma Hooffield says: "Us too, except we promise not to fight you."
Ma Hooffield says: "I suppose it doesn't matter who's right."
Ma Hooffield says: "We're both wrong."
Big Daddy McColt says: "That's one thing we can agree on."
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is wonderful!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I am so proud of you two!"
Ma Hooffield says: "Aw, thanks, princess."
Ma Hooffield says: "Though I would just like to point out that I was the, uh, first to admit I was wrong."
Big Daddy McColt says: "That may be, but I promised not to fight first."
Big Daddy McColt says: "That counts for more!"
Ma Hooffield says: "Oh, yeah?!"
Ma Hooffield says: "!"
Ma Hooffield says: "Oh, all right."
Ma Hooffield says: "We don't have to speak animal to know what y'all are sayin'."
Ma Hooffield says: "Truce?"
Big Daddy McColt says: "Truce."
Big Daddy McColt says: "Woo-hoo!"
Big Daddy McColt says: "Ain't that a pretty sight?"
Ma Hooffield says: "Sure is!"
Ma Hooffield says: "The McColts are gonna help us rebuild our homes!"
Ma Hooffield says: "Good ones this time."
Big Daddy McColt says: "And the Hooffields are gonna help us grow some crops!"
"Steel Bolts" says: "Not pumpkins."
Ma Hooffield says: "Thanks for teachin' us that friendship is so much better than winnin' a silly argument."
Fluttershy says: "Yay!"
Fluttershy says: "I told you we'd figure it out."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We did, and we didn't need my friendship portfolio to do it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We just needed each other."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So, what do you think will happen next?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We've all been called by the map now."
Fluttershy says: "Oof!"
Fluttershy says: "I'm sure we'll find out when we get home..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What if it summons all six of us to another place?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Or another pony we weren't expecting?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What if it wants us to solve other kinds of problems, like quantum physics, or why the apple doesn't fall far from the tree?"