Spike says: "Ugh, come on, Twilight."
Spike says: "We're gonna be late for the Nightmare Night festival."
Spike says: "Huh?"
Spike says: "Are you that one kooky grandpa from Ponyville Retirement Village?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm Star Swirl the Bearded!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Father of the amniomorphic spell?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Did you even read that book I gave you about obscure unicorn history?"
Spike says: "Uh.."
Fillies says: "Nightmare Night!"
Fillies says: "What a fright!"
Fillies says: "Give us something sweet to bite!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hi, everypony."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Great costumes."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Happy Nightmare Night, Granny Smith."
Granny Smith says: "I should have been asleep five hours ago."
Pipsqueak says: "Pipsqueak the pirate, at your service."
Pipsqueak says: "It's my very first Nightmare Night."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Since you moved here from Trottingham?"
Pipsqueak says: "No, my very first Nightmare Night ever!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Enough chitchat!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Time is candy!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie Pie, aren't you a little old for this?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Too old for free candy?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Never."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Do you like it?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yeah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Great costume, Twilight!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You make a fantastic weirdo clown!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "A clown?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Look at the borders on these robes."
Twilight Sparkle says: "These are hoof-stitched!"
Spike says: "It's a great costume!"
Spike says: "Huh!"
Spike says: "Grandpa!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Star Swirl the Bearded is only the most important conjurer of the pre-classical era."
Background ponies says: "Yeah!"
Background ponies says: "Whoo-hoo!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "He created more than two hundred spells!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "He even has a shelf in the Canterlot library of magic named after him."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe I should start up a pony group to teach ponies about history."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I bet everypony would love it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Don't you, Spike?"
Spike says: "I love it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hey look, we're here already!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Should we get something to eat?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Twilight, Twilight!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Look at our haul!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Can you believe it?"
Pinkie Pie says: "And then, we went to Cheerilee's house, and got a bunch more goodies."
Pinkie Pie says: "Didn't we, Pip?"
Pipsqueak says: "Sure did!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow Dash, that wasn't very nice."
Rainbow Dash says: "Lighten up, old-timer."
Rainbow Dash says: "This is the best night of the year for pranks!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Look what you did to Spike!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's all in good fun."
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "There's another group over there!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Happy Nightmare Night, Applejack!"
Applejack says: "Howdy, Spike!"
Applejack says: "Hey, Twilight!"
Applejack says: "Nice costume."
Spike says: "Thanks!"
Spike says: "I'm a dragon."
Twilight Sparkle says: "She means me, Spike."
Applejack says: "With that beard, I reckon you're some sorta country music singer."
Applejack says: "While y'all are here, ya' feel like bobbin' for an apple?"
Mayor Mare says: "Thank you, everypony, and welcome to the Nightmare Night festival!"
Mayor Mare says: "Now, all the little ponies who have been out collecting sweets should follow our friend Zecora to hear the legend of..."
Mayor Mare says: "Nightmare Moon!"
Spike says: "Spooky voice might work better if she wasn't dressed like that."
Zecora says: "Follow me, and very soon, you'll hear the tale of Nightmare Moon."
Zecora says: "Listen close, my little dears, I'll tell you where you got your fears of Nightmare Night, so dark and scary."
Zecora says: "Of Nightmare Moon, who makes you wary."
Zecora says: "Every year, we put on a disguise, to save ourselves from her searching eyes."
Zecora says: "But Nightmare Moon wants just one thing: to gobble up ponies in one quick swing!"
Zecora says: "Hungrily, she soars the sky."
Zecora says: "If she sees nopony, she passes by."
Zecora says: "So if she comes and all is clear, Equestria is safe another year!"
Pipsqueak says: "Uh, Miss Zecora, if we wear costumes to hide from Nightmare Moon, so she won't gobble us up, how come we still need to give her some of our candy?"
Zecora says: "A perfect question, my little friend."
Zecora says: "For Nightmare Moon you must not offend."
Zecora says: "Fill up her belly with a treat or two, so she won't return to come eat you!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Everypony!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Just dump some candy and get out of here!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's Nightmare Moon!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Run!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess Luna!"
Princess Luna says: "Citizens of Ponyville!"
Princess Luna says: "We have graced your tiny village with our presence, so that you might behold the real Princess of the Night!"
Princess Luna says: "A creature of nightmares no longer, but instead a pony who desires your love and admiration!"
Princess Luna says: "Together we shall change this dreadful celebration into a bright and glorious feast!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Did you hear that, everypony?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Nightmare Moon says she's gonna feast on us all!"
Princess Luna says: "Madame Mayor, thy Princess of the Night hath arrived."
Princess Luna says: "What is the matter with you?"
Princess Luna says: "Very well, then."
Princess Luna says: "Be that way."
Princess Luna says: "We won't even bother with the traditional royal farewell."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm gonna go talk to her."
Spike says: "You can't talk to her!"
Spike says: "She's Nightmare Moon!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No, she's not."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I saw the Elements of Harmony change her back to good."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But it seems like she's having some trouble adjusting after being gone for a thousand years."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess Luna?"
Princess Luna says: "Star Swirl the Bearded."
Princess Luna says: "Commendable costume!"
Princess Luna says: "Thou even got the bells right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thank you!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Finally!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Somepony who gets my costume!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh, I just came to welcome you to our celebration!"
Princess Luna says: "Twilight Sparkle."
Princess Luna says: "It was thou who unleashed the powers of harmony upon us and took away our dark powers!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And that was a good thing, right?"
Princess Luna says: "But of course."
Princess Luna says: "We could not be happier."
Princess Luna says: "Is that not clear?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, you kinda sound like you're yelling at me."
Princess Luna says: "But this is the traditional royal Canterlot voice!"
Princess Luna says: "It is tradition to speak using the royal "we", and to use  this much volume when addressing our subjects!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You know, that might explain why your appearance was met with..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "mixed results."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think if you just changed your approach a bit, you might be met with a warmer reception."
Princess Luna says: "Change our approach?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Lower the volume?"
Princess Luna says: "Ohhh."
Princess Luna says: "We have been locked away for a thousand years."
Princess Luna says: "We are..."
Princess Luna says: "not sure we can."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Don't worry, Princess."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy can give you some great pointers."
Twilight Sparkle says: "She's delicate and demure with the sweetest little voice."
Fluttershy says: "Go away!"
Fluttershy says: "No candy here!"
Fluttershy says: "Visitors not welcome on Nightmare Night!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy, it's me, Twilight!"
Fluttershy says: "It is you."
Fluttershy says: "Ah, and Nightmare Moon."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wait right here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "you remember Princess Luna?"
Princess Luna says: "Charmed."
Fluttershy says: "Likewise."
Princess Luna says: "Twilight Sparkle hath spoken of the sweetness of thy voice."
Princess Luna says: "We ask thou teachest to us to speak as thou speakest."
Fluttershy says: "Okay."
Princess Luna says: "Shall our lessons begin?"
Fluttershy says: "Okay."
Princess Luna says: "Shall we mimic thy voice?"
Fluttershy says: "Okay."
Princess Luna says: "How is this?"
Fluttershy says: "Perfect, lesson over!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "A little quieter, princess."
Princess Luna says: "this?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Better."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Right, Fluttershy?"
Fluttershy says: "Yes."
Princess Luna says: "How..."
Princess Luna says: "about..."
Princess Luna says: "now?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now you're getting it."
Princess Luna says: "And..."
Princess Luna says: "how about now?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well done."
Princess Luna says: "I thank thee, dear Fluttershy!"
Princess Luna says: "Our normal speaking voice shall surely win us the hearts of thy fellow villagers."
Pinkie Pie says: "Fluttershy!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You've gotta hide us!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Nightmare Moon is here and..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Ah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "She stole Fluttershy's voice so she can't scream when she gobbles her up!"
Princess Luna says: "I mean..."
Princess Luna says: "nay, children, no, wait."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come on, princess."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Time for plan B."
All says: "Hurray!"
Sassaflash says: "Aah!"
Princess Luna says: "It is of no use, Twilight Sparkle."
Princess Luna says: "They have never liked us and they never shall."
Twilight Sparkle says: "My friend Applejack is one of the most likable ponies around."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sure she'll have some ideas."
Pipsqueak says: "Heee..."
Pipsqueak says: "!"
Applejack says: "Whoop."
Applejack says: "Careful there, partner."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Applejack, the princess is looking for a little advice on how to fit in around here."
Applejack says: ""Fit in"?"
Applejack says: "Really?"
Applejack says: "I mean..."
Applejack says: "that's easy!"
Applejack says: "All you gotta do is have the right attitude."
Applejack says: "Loosen up a bit, be positive, play a few games, have some fun."
Princess Luna says: "Fun?"
Princess Luna says: "What is this "fun" thou speakest of?"
Princess Luna says: "Pray tell, what purpose do these serve?"
Cherry Berry says: "Try to land the sp-sp-spiders on the web."
Applejack says: "You can do it, princess!"
Princess Luna says: "Ha!"
Princess Luna says: "Your princess enjoys this "fun"!"
Princess Luna says: "In what other ways may we experience it?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fire away, princess!"
Princess Luna says: "Ha ha!"
Princess Luna says: "The fun has been doubled!"
All says: "Hurray!"
Applejack says: "Why don't you try bobbin' for apples?"
Applejack says: "We got the best apples in Equestria here, princess."
Princess Luna says: "I ask that thou call us..."
Princess Luna says: "me..."
Princess Luna says: "Luna, fair Applejack."
Princess Luna says: "Hear me, villagers!"
Princess Luna says: "All of you!"
Princess Luna says: "Call me Luna!"
All says: "Luna..."
Princess Luna says: "Show me to these bobbing apples."
Pipsqueak says: "Whoa!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hey, gals."
Pinkie Pie says: "Anypony seen Pip?"
Pinkie Pie says: "We lost him the last time we had to run–  Aaah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Nightmare Moon is gobbling Pipsqueak!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Everypony run!"
Pipsqueak says: "Help!"
Pipsqueak says: "My backside has been gobbled!"
Princess Luna says: "'Tis a lie!"
Princess Luna says: "Thy backside is whole and ungobbled, thou ungrateful whelp!"
Princess Luna says: "Fair villagers, please do not back away."
Princess Luna says: "Let us join together in..."
Princess Luna says: "fun!"
Princess Luna says: "Not enough fun for you?"
Princess Luna says: "What say you to this?!"
Princess Luna says: "!"
Princess Luna says: "Huzzah!"
Princess Luna says: "How many points do I receive?"
Princess Luna says: "Do not run away!"
Princess Luna says: "As your princess, we command you!"
Princess Luna says: "Be still!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess, remember!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Watch the screaming!"
Princess Luna says: "No, Twilight Sparkle!"
Princess Luna says: "We must use the traditional royal Canterlot voice for what we are about to say."
Princess Luna says: "Since you choose to fear your princess rather than love her, and dishonor her with this insulting celebration, we decree that Nightmare Night shall be canceled!"
Princess Luna says: "Forever!"
Applejack says: "Shoot."
Applejack says: "We had everything goin' our way."
Applejack says: "Luna was happy, everypony in town was happy, now look at 'em."
Noi says: "But I wanted to be a zombie next year."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's not over yet."
Applejack says: "What are you gonna do?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm going to do what I do best."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Lecture her!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess?"
Princess Luna says: "Leave me be, Twilight Sparkle."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess, I'm sorry it hasn't worked out how we wanted."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But you have to believe me when I tell you that Nightmare Night is one of the most popular celebrations we have."
Princess Luna says: "Yes."
Princess Luna says: "I can tell."
Princess Luna says: "By all the adoring shrieks of the children as they run away."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No shrieking."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No screaming or squealing either."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Okay."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There's something I want you to see."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And I promise that it's safe, but you really, really, really can't shriek."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Do you promise not to shriek?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Mm-hmm."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie Pie, you remember Princess Luna, right?"
Princess Luna says: "Ah."
Princess Luna says: "The ringleader of the frightened children."
Princess Luna says: "Hast thou come to make peace?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Nightmare Moon!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "She's changed, Pinkie!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "She's not evil or scary anymore!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And she definitely doesn't want to gobble you up!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Well, duh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Huh?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I know that."
Pinkie Pie says: "Sheesh, Twilight."
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm almost as big as her, how's she gonna gobble me up?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "So why do you keep running away and screaming?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Sometimes it's just really fun to be scared!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fun?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie Pie, you're a genius!"
Pinkie Pie says: "No, I'm not."
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm a chicken."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess Luna!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've finally figured out why you're having so much trouble being liked!"
Princess Luna says: "Forgive me if I withhold my enthusiasm."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come with me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'll explain everything on the way."
Pipsqueak says: "Gosh."
Pipsqueak says: "I never thought my very first Nightmare Night would be my very last."
Zecora says: "Come, little Pip."
Zecora says: "Now don't you fret."
Zecora says: "Nightmare Night's not over yet."
Zecora says: "We still have candy left to give, so Nightmare Moon might let us live."
Mayor Mare says: "Yes."
Mayor Mare says: "Come on, little ponies."
Mayor Mare says: "What's Nightmare Night without the annual candy offering?"
Mayor Mare says: "You don't want Nightmare Moon to gobble you up, do you?"
Spike says: "Aw, the rainbow wig just kills it for me."
Applejack says: "Come on, kids!"
Applejack says: "Doesn't that sound like fun?"
Pipsqueak says: "Goodbye, Nightmare Night."
Pipsqueak says: "Forever."
Nightmare Moon says: "Citizens of Ponyville!"
Nightmare Moon says: "You were wise to bring this candy to me."
Nightmare Moon says: "I am pleased with your offering."
Nightmare Moon says: "So pleased that I may just eat it..."
Nightmare Moon says: "instead of eating you!"
Princess Luna says: "I am not certain that did what you meant for it to do, Twilight Sparkle."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just wait."
Princess Luna says: "For what?"
Princess Luna says: "For..."
Princess Luna says: "for them to scream some more?"
Pipsqueak says: "Um..."
Pipsqueak says: "Princess Luna."
Pipsqueak says: "I know there's not gonna be any more Nightmare Night, but do you suppose maybe you could come back next year and scare us again anyway?"
Princess Luna says: "Child."
Princess Luna says: "Art thou saying that thou..."
Princess Luna says: "likest me to scare you?"
Pipsqueak says: "It's really fun!"
Pipsqueak says: "Scary, but fun!"
Princess Luna says: "It..."
Princess Luna says: "is?"
Pipsqueak says: "Yeah!"
Pipsqueak says: "Nightmare Night is my favorite night of the year."
Princess Luna says: "Well then."
Princess Luna says: "We shall have to bring  Nightmare Night back!"
Pipsqueak says: "Whoa!"
Pipsqueak says: "You're my favorite princess ever!"
Pipsqueak says: "She said yes, guys!"
Foals says: "YAY!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "See?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "They really do like you, princess."
Princess Luna says: "Can it be true?"
Princess Luna says: "I mean..."
Princess Luna says: "Oh, most wonderful of nights."
When you first sent me to Ponyville, I didn't know anything about friendship. I met somepony tonight who was having the same problem -- your sister, Princess Luna! She taught me that one of the best things you can do with friendship is to give it to others, and help them find it themselves! And I'm happy to report that all of Ponyville has learned that even if somepony seems a little intimidating, even scary, when you offer them your friendship, you'll discover a whole new pony underneath. And even if my Star Swirl the Bearded costume didn't go over, this still turned out to be the best Nightmare Night ever!