Star Swirl the Bearded says: "The best elements within us can spread light and virtue, and I know ponies who represent them all – strength, bravery, healing, beauty, hope, and sorcery."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Myself and these Pillars of Equestria were gathered together by another to maintain and share the light of these powerful ideals."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "But we soon came to believe the pony who brought us together only wanted that power for himself."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Cast out and alone, this power-mad pony turned to darkness to satisfy his thirst."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Transformed into a Pony of Shadows, he returned for revenge – to extinguish the Pillars' light and rob the world of hope."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "To stop him, the Pillars and I must make a grave sacrifice."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "But we shall leave behind a seed in hopes that one day it will grow into a force to stand against the darkness for all time."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "We must now face the fiend with the only plan we have..."
Sunburst says: ""..."
Sunburst says: "I only hope it will be enough."
Sunburst says: "" That's the last entry."
Sunburst says: "And maybe Star Swirl's final words before he vanished."
Princess Celestia says: "I've always wondered what happened to Star Swirl."
Princess Celestia says: "This is quite a discovery, Sunburst."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So it's genuine?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You can verify that this journal really belonged to Star Swirl the Bearded?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Princess Luna says: "Indeed."
Princess Luna says: "From the looks of it, the last thing he wrote before facing the Pony of Shadows."
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "So, the Pony of Shadows was really real?"
Princess Celestia says: "It appears so."
Princess Luna says: "We never met the other Pillars, and we were too young to understand the danger they faced."
Applejack says: "Hold on a second now."
Applejack says: "All those legendary ponies were real, too?"
Applejack says: "And they went off with Star Swirl to face the Pony of Shadows, and then none of them were ever heard from again?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Uh, yeah."
Pinkie Pie says: "Weren't you listening?"
Fluttershy says: "But what happened to them all?"
Rarity says: "They must have defeated the villain, since Equestria is still full of light and hope."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But how?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "And where did they go?"
Princess Celestia says: "My Olde Ponish is a bit rusty, but I wonder if the answers can be found somewhere within the pages of this book."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, I just happen to be an expert in Olde Ponish."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I mean, I've practically memorized every ancient text about Star Swirl there is!"
Spike says: "Seriously."
Spike says: "All of them."
Princess Luna says: "We have fond memories of our old teacher."
Princess Luna says: "If you could discover what happened to him, we would be most grateful."
Sunburst says: "Solving a thousands-year-old mystery could take forever!"
Sunburst says: "Think of the research!"
Sunburst says: "The re-reading!"
Sunburst says: "The re-re-reading!"
Princess Celestia says: "You might find you need help."
Applejack says: "Luckily, she's got a whole bushel o' helpers right here."
Rainbow Dash says: "Totally!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "how long will all this research take, exactly?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Let's get this back to my library."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sure we'll figure out what happened in no time."
Spike says: "Figure it out yet, Twilight?"
Sunburst says: "What did you figure out?"
Fluttershy says: "What is it?"
Applejack says: "Twilight, we've been studyin' and referencin' and cross-referencin' for three days straight now."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh."
Rainbow Dash says: "I haven't spent this much time reading since the last Daring Do book came out."
Rarity says: "Perhaps it is time to take a break."
Rarity says: "This mystery is over a thousand years old, after all."
Rarity says: "Another day or two won't make a difference."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Two days?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't want to waste two seconds!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm close to an answer."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can feel it."
Starlight Glimmer says: ""Hearg sylfum se Ponhenge"."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What's that?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Temple of Ponhenge?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You can read that?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "The hornwriting's pretty sloppy, but it's nowhere near as bad as mine."
Starlight Glimmer says: ""Toward dol grimlic of Fola Firgenbeorg"?"
Sunburst says: ""At the base of Foal Mountain"..."
Starlight Glimmer says: ""User endemest scield"."
Twilight Sparkle says: ""Our last stand"."
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ponhenge."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't believe it."
Sunburst says: "I've never seen magical runes like these before!"
Sunburst says: "Have you?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh-uh."
Rainbow Dash says: "I don't think anypony's seen any of this for a long time."
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa!"
Applejack says: "It'd take a whole team of ponies to clear away all this brush."
Fluttershy says: "Even then, I'm not sure we'd find out what happened here over a thousand years ago."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I suppose it was a long shot."
Spike says: "Cheer up, Twilight."
Spike says: "Finding a whole set of ancient ruins is pretty impressive."
Spike says: "Maybe you could write a paper on it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I guess I hoped we'd get here and the mystery would just magically be explained."
Spike says: "Uh..."
Spike says: "Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Star Swirl!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've wanted to meet you my whole life!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't believe you're here!"
Sunburst says: "I don't think he is here."
Sunburst says: "I don't think any of them are."
Pony of Shadows says: "Drawing me here will only make me stronger."
Pony of Shadows says: "You will never defeat me!"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "We did not come here to defeat you."
Pony of Shadows says: "What are you doing?!"
Pony of Shadows says: "!"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "We came..."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "to contain you."
Pinkie Pie says: "Well, you did ask for a magical explanation."
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "what just happened?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "It looked like Star Swirl cast a spell that banished the Pony of Shadows."
Sunburst says: "Of course!"
Sunburst says: "Powerful magic like that would leave an impression on this place."
Sunburst says: "Bringing the book back here let us see what happened."
Applejack says: "Which was what?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Star Swirl and the rest of the Pillars sacrificed themselves to save Equestria."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's amazing to think one of the greatest mysteries of Equestria was solved with a musty old book from an antique shop."
Sunburst says: "But I wouldn't say the mystery's solved."
Sunburst says: "Star Swirl's spell was one of the most powerful feats of magic in all of history."
Sunburst says: "It'll take years of study before we fully understand it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think I understand Star Swirl's spell!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know I've finished one of Star Swirl's spells before, but this one was on a whole different level!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Was it an explosion of magical feedback?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "An evocation?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "A kind of incantation?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's Star Swirl, so the possibilities are endless!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And once Starlight set me on the right track with his crazy hornwriting –  I mean, he was a genius, so I guess we can forgive a little messiness – I went through the journal again, and it's amazing!"
Rarity says: "Twilight, darling."
Rarity says: "We understand you're excited, but that's all we understand."
Rainbow Dash says: "What exactly is so amazing?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Only how Star Swirl and the other Pillars sent the Pony of Shadows to limbo!"
Applejack says: "They did what now?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "They used their magic to open a portal between worlds – to limbo – and pulled the Pony of Shadows inside."
Rarity says: "Darling, your diorama!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I made more!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Star Swirl thought the only way to trap the Pony of Shadows in limbo was for the Pillars to take him there."
Applejack says: "So they got stuck, too!"
Fluttershy says: "The Pony of Shadows must have been really awful for them to do that."
Pinkie Pie says: "I suppose being trapped for all time with a super-duper bad guy in limbo might be okay if you were doing the limbo, but that's still pushing it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The thing is, I think I can get them out."
Sunburst says: "Twilight, are you serious?"
Sunburst says: "You can save the most legendary ponies of all time?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I-I don't know."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Opening portals between worlds didn't work out well for me."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Are you sure it's safe?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "First of all, you opened portals through time."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And second of all, Star Swirl wrote the spell you used to do it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If he'd been here, he could have stopped it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Equestria would be safer with him in it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We have to save him."
Applejack says: "But you'd be savin' all the Pillars, right?"
Applejack says: "A-And they disappeared ages ago."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's the thing about limbo."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It isn't one place or another."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's in between, so time stands still."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If we can pull them out, it'll be like they never left."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I actually built another model to demonstrate—"
Spike says: "What can we do to help?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "If I'm right, we need to find items that are connected to the Pillars in some way."
Rainbow Dash says: "You mean, like, stuff that belonged to them?"
Fluttershy says: "How would we know what to look for?"
Fluttershy says: "Or where?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Luckily, Star Swirl took a lot of notes."
Twilight Sparkle says: ""My compatriots are as varied as the realm itself and hail from every corner of our land, bringing with them artifacts and talismans of great power."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Um, Twilight?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What are you doing?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm not doing anything!"
Applejack says: "Rockhoof's shovel!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Flash Magnus' shield!"
Rarity says: "Mistmane's flower!"
Fluttershy says: "Meadowbrook's mask!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And the blindfold Somnambula wore when she faced that nasty sphinx!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I guess we don't need to figure out who should get what."
Petunia Paleo says: "Professor!"
Petunia Paleo says: "It's a Mighty Helm headpiece!"
Petunia Paleo says: "Maybe it belonged to Rockhoof himself!"
Professor Fossil says: "Legends don't wear helmets."
Professor Fossil says: "This belonged to a real pony."
Applejack says: "Oh, I can guarantee Rockhoof was as real as you and me."
Professor Fossil says: "And I suppose that ravine was dug with his trusty shovel to save the village from an erupting volcano."
Applejack says: "Probably."
Professor Fossil says: "I love old legends as much as anypony."
Professor Fossil says: "But a pony strong enough to save a village from rushing lava with a shovel is..."
Professor Fossil says: "preposterous."
Professor Fossil says: "I can't believe you just did that."
Professor Fossil says: "Y-You saved us!"
Applejack says: "I bet if you told somepony else the story, it might sound..."
Applejack says: ""preposterous"."
Professor Fossil says: "I suppose some stories might be true..."
Professor Fossil says: "And Rockhoof's appears to be one of them."
Rarity says: "Ow!"
"Lotus Petal" says: "You keep those hooves to yourself, dearie!"
"Lotus Petal" says: "This place has been in my family for generations, and I'm not about to let some whippersnapper take the last good piece of it!"
"Lotus Petal" says: "Time was, ponies came from far and wide to see these gardens."
"Lotus Petal" says: "But that flower's the only worthwhile thing left!"
Rarity says: "Perhaps it just seemed like your gardens were worthless."
Rarity says: "But a little pruning can work wonders."
Rarity says: "Of course you will have to look after more than just one flower now."
"Lotus Petal" says: "You've given me back my family's legacy."
"Lotus Petal" says: "The flower you wanted seems like a fair trade for that."
Rainbow Dash says: "I can't believe Flash Magnus' shield ended up in the Dragon Lands."
Spike says: "Good thing you brought the official Equestrian friendship ambassador to the dragons to help you navigate our customs."
Spike says: "Like our favorite sport – gorge surfing!"
Maar says: "Wahoo!"
Maar says: "Ollie!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay."
Rainbow Dash says: "That was awesome."
"Billy" says: "Dragon Lord Ember commanded us to make peace with ponies, but it doesn't mean you can surf in our spot."
Spike says: "Whoa, fellas."
Spike says: "As the official Equestrian friendship ambassador to the dragons, I have to say that's not very friendly."
Garble says: "Well, what do you know?"
Garble says: "The puny pony-dragon's sticking up for his pony pal."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That's an ancient pony artifact!"
Garble says: "Hooves off my gorge board!"
Garble says: "I found it in the desert, and finders keepers."
Rainbow Dash says: "It isn't yours."
Garble says: "Huh."
Garble says: "It sure looks like mine."
Garble says: "But I might consider racing you for it."
Rainbow Dash says: "No problem."
Garble says: "Um..."
Garble says: "No."
Garble says: "I mean  you."
Dragon says: "Awesome!"
"Billy" says: "On your marks..."
"Billy" says: "Get set..."
"Billy" says: "Surf!"
Spike says: "Whoa!"
Spike says: "Whoa!"
Spike says: "Whoooooaaaaa!"
Spike says: "Aaah!"
Spike says: "I won?"
Spike says: "I won!"
Spike says: "Woo-hoo!"
Spike says: "Give up the shield, Garble!"
Garble says: "Lord Ember only commanded us to be nice to ponies."
Garble says: "She never said anything about pony-loving dragons."
Spike says: "Uh, s-since Dragon Lord Ember commanded you to make peace with ponies, you can't very well attack one of their friends, can you?"
Garble says: "I guess we'll find out!"
Garble says: "Aaah!"
Garble says: "Ugh."
Garble says: "Why is he always hiding behind ponies?"
Spike says: "I wasn't hiding when I beat you down the ridge."
Garble says: "You fell."
Rainbow Dash says: "Wow."
Rainbow Dash says: "You must be slow if all Spike had to do to win was fall down."
Garble says: "I'm faster than you."
Rainbow Dash says: "Doubt it."
Garble says: "Fine!"
Garble says: "I'll race you back to the top."
Garble says: "If you win, you can have your pony junk."
Garble says: "But if I win, you'll leave and I get to give it to him!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Fine."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm pretty sure I could beat you anyway."
Rainbow Dash says: "But with that heavy hunk of metal on your back, it'll be a snap."
Garble says: "Huh?"
Garble says: "Oh, yeah."
Garble says: "Thanks for the tip."
Garble says: "See ya at the top, loser!"
Garble says: "Hey!"
Garble says: "That's mine!"
Spike says: "Finders keepers, remember?"
"Billy" says: "See, because that's what you said to them when they first showed up—"
Fluttershy says: "Just remember not to turn away from them, Cattail."
Fluttershy says: "Flash bees can get pretty aggressive."
Fluttershy says: "I guess that's why none of the other bayou animals can get to the water."
Cattail says: "Wouldn't it make more sense for you to wear the mask that calms the bees?"
Fluttershy says: "It would..."
Fluttershy says: "if I didn't have to fly up here to move their hive."
Fluttershy says: "There!"
Fluttershy says: "Now the other bayou creatures can get to the water without the bees feeling threatened."
Cattail says: "You know, you didn't have to help with this."
Cattail says: "I would've lent you the mask anyway."
Fluttershy says: "I know."
Fluttershy says: "But I couldn't leave without helping."
"Fahal Alkhayl" says: "I don't think anypony can find anything in there."
Daring Do says: "I wouldn't give up hope just yet."
Pinkie Pie says: "This old blindfold was stuck in the drain."
Daring Do says: "Weren't you looking for a blindfold?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, yeah!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't believe I'm gonna meet Star Swirl the Bearded!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You know, outside of my dreams."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I can't believe you're actually going through with it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What do you mean?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm all for pushing the envelope, obviously, but this is pretty out there for you, Twilight."
Sunburst says: "What's "out there" about saving the most legendary ponies of all time from a thousands-year-old prison?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "nothing when you say it like that."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Unless "the most legendary ponies of all time" knew what they were doing, and we shouldn't mess with it."
Sunburst says: "I'm sure Star Swirl and the Pillars did the best they could back then, but magic has come a long way."
Sunburst says: "Mostly because of the work they did."
Starlight Glimmer says: "That's true."
Starlight Glimmer says: "And you did get your wings from finishing one of Star Swirl's spells."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Exactly."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But then I messed with one and nearly destroyed the universe, so..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Starlight, Star Swirl the Bearded is the greatest wizard who ever lived."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The chance to have him back in Equestria is worth the risk."
Spike says: "That's good news."
Rainbow Dash says: "Otherwise, we'd have brought this shield for nothing."
Applejack says: "I hope you don't think you're the only one to find her artifact, because this here shovel says otherwise."
Rarity says: "Honestly, you two."
Rarity says: "Not everything is a competition."
Rarity says: "But Mistmane's flower is by far the most attractive of the artifacts."
Pinkie Pie says: "You're just saying that because you didn't have to scuba dive in a pit of green slime to get yours!"
Fluttershy says: "Or move a flash beehive."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Good work, everyone."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Let's do this!"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "What..."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "What has happened?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It worked!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We brought you back!"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "To where?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You and the others have been trapped in limbo for over a thousand years, but I figured out how to get you ho—"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "What?!"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "!"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "No, no, no, no!"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "You must undo what you've done!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I mean, I don't think I can."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "You cannot bring us back!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I did."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I brought all the Pillars back."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "You cannot bring only the Pillars back!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, no!"