Pinkie Pie says: "Yes!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Best day ever!"
Pinkie Pie says: "We're all going to the Rainbow Falls Traders Exchange!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And not just going – we're accompanying a princess on an official royal duty!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Please, it's not that big of a deal."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There always has to be a princess at the Exchange."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Last year was Princess Cadance, this year it's me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's just a formality."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sure none of the other ponies will even notice I'm here."
Crowd Pony 1 says: "Wow, look over there, a princess!"
Crowd Pony 2 says: "Oh, this is amazing!"
Applejack says: "Could be wrong, but I think they might've noticed."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, my goodness!"
Rarity says: "You said it."
Rarity says: "The Rainbow Falls Traders Exchange is simply divine."
Rarity says: "You can get anything you want here!"
Applejack says: "If'n you got the goods to trade for it."
Spike says: "Wha?"
Spike says: "Nooo!"
Spike says: "Thanks, Twilight."
Spike says: "Whew."
Spike says: "One ding, nick or dent, and this Power Ponies comic book wouldn't be in perfect mint condition anymore."
Spike says: "And if you want to trade for a mint comic, you gotta have a mint comic."
Applejack says: "I guess a pony who's here on official princess business has to expect a little fussin'."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But all I'm supposed to do is settle disagreements over whether a trade is fair or not."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And since the rule is that a trade is fair as long as both ponies get what they want, there's never been a disagreement."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So there's really no reason for anypony to treat me as anything special."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hi!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Can I help you?"
Rainbow Dash says: "There's a pony here who's got a signed first edition of Daring Do and the Quest for the Sapphire Statue, and I'm gonna get it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I've been able to get first editions of all of the Daring Do books, except this one!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Nopony's ever put together a whole set, and I'm gonna be the first!"
Rainbow Dash says: "If it hasn't been traded yet..."
Rainbow Dash says: "It's the only one in all of Equestria!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh no!"
Fluttershy says: "I'd really hate to see you disappointed."
Fluttershy says: "I did want to trade this bear call I've got for a bird whistle, but getting that book seems so important to you, so if you need me to help you first..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Normally I'd say I don't need any help, but you're right."
Rainbow Dash says: "This is really important."
Rainbow Dash says: "I've gotta get that book!"
Applejack says: "Well, I'm off to take a gander at some of the vintage stalls."
Rarity says: "Did you say vintage?"
Rarity says: "Why, old and rare items are so in style right now!"
Rarity says: "I'm hoping to get a vintage item as well."
Rarity says: "I just hope I brought enough to trade."
Applejack says: "I know what you mean, Rarity."
Applejack says: "Hey!"
Applejack says: "Why don't we pool our trade stashes?"
Rarity says: "Pool?"
Applejack says: "That way, if one of us finds somethin' real valuable she can't live without..."
Rarity says: "She'll definitely be able to get it!"
Rarity says: "Who could say no to exchanging a single object for such a huge assortment of items?"
Rarity says: "Oh, yes!"
Rarity says: "That is absolutely brilliant!"
Rarity says: "I'm so glad I have a friend like you, Applejack."
Applejack says: "I feel the same way."
Rarity says: "Then let's go shopping!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Um, shouldn't your princessness be headed to the royal box seats?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I may be the princess on duty, but I don't think that means I have to sit up there all alone doing nothing."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ever since I became a princess, Celestia's been sending me more books to read than ever."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The library's overflowing, so I figured while we're here, I might as well trade away some books I don't need anymore."
Pinkie Pie says: "Mm-hm!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Lucky for you, because I've brought my most valuable possession to trade for it: My lucky horseshoe!"
"Teddie Safari" says: "I don't want it."
Rainbow Dash says: "What?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
"Teddie Safari" says: "It's just a rusty old horseshoe."
"Teddie Safari" says: "That's not worth anything to me."
Fluttershy says: "But, but how is Rainbow Dash going to get the book she really wants?"
"Teddie Safari" says: "Well, she's not."
"Teddie Safari" says: "Unless..."
"Teddie Safari" says: "she can get me that."
Orthros growling and barking.
Fluttershy says: "Aww, an Orthros!"
Fluttershy says: "How cute!"
"Teddie Safari" says: "The pony running the ancient beasts stall doesn't want anything I've got."
"Teddie Safari" says: "But if you can get me the Orthros, I'll trade you the book for it."
Rainbow Dash says: "You got it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I don't know how, but somehow, we're gonna get that Orthros."
Rarity says: "Oh, Applejack, I am so glad I found you."
Applejack says: "Me too!"
Applejack says: "You're not gonna believe it!"
Applejack says: "Uh-oh."
Rarity says: "Uh-oh."
Rarity says: "So, where is this valuable vintage item you want to trade everything we have for?"
Applejack says: "There!"
Rarity says: "Where?"
Applejack says: "Right there!"
Rarity says: "But..."
Rarity says: "that's a dented old pie tin."
Applejack says: "A dented vintage pie tin."
Applejack says: "The metal they used to fashion this one helps cook the pies up to five seconds faster!"
Applejack says: "They don't make 'em like this anymore!"
Rarity says: "I'm so glad you showed that to me, darling..."
Rarity says: "..."
Rarity says: "because once you see what I've found, you won't want to waste our trade goods on that."
Rarity says: "Just look at this gorgeous vintage brooch."
Rarity says: "It's one of a kind!"
Applejack says: "It looks exactly like the one you're already wearin'."
Rarity says: "Well, yes, they may look the same, but I know it's older, and that's what makes it so much more divine!"
Applejack says: "But that doesn't make a lick of sense!"
Applejack says: "Why, I'd wager if I switched them up, you wouldn't even know the difference!"
Rarity says: "Oh, don't be silly, of course I would!"
Applejack says: "So which is the vintage one?"
Rarity says: "That one, of course."
Applejack says: "Hah, you're bluffin'!"
Rarity says: "Am I?"
Rarity says: "How can you tell?"
Applejack says: "Well..."
Applejack says: "because..."
Applejack says: "I can't, 'cause the one you wanna waste our whole stash on is exactly the same as the one you already got!"
Applejack says: "There's no way anypony would notice the difference!"
Rarity says: "I'd say it's a lot more likely they'd notice that than some dented tin that cooked a pie a whole two seconds faster!"
Applejack says: "It's five seconds faster!"
Orthros growling.
Orthros barking.
Fluttershy says: "Yes, such a good two-headed boy."
Fluttershy says: "Yes, you are!"
Cratus says: "Stop that!"
Cratus says: "C'mon, don't you start now, too!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay, I can see you're busy, so I'll give it to you straight."
Rainbow Dash says: "I need to trade this horseshoe for..."
Rainbow Dash says: "that."
Cratus says: "Nope."
Rainbow Dash says: "Aww."
Cratus says: "Down, boy!"
Cratus says: "Watch out for the lamp!"
Cratus says: "Well, I could use another lamp."
Rainbow Dash says: "A whole stand filled with Discord-shaped lamps?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Seriously?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "They really do have everything at the Traders Exchange."
Rainbow Dash says: "Will you trade a lamp for my horseshoe so I can trade it for an Orthros and get my book?"
Stellar Eclipse says: "No."
Stellar Eclipse says: "But I'd trade it for an antique chicken."
Rainbow Dash says: "Great!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What's an antique chicken?"
"Match Game" says: "Oh, I got all kinds of antique chicken statues."
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay, cool!"
Rainbow Dash says: "So will you trade one for a horseshoe so I can trade it for a lamp and then trade it for an Orthros so I can get my book?"
"Match Game" says: "Well, lemme think..."
"Match Game" says: "Uh, no."
Fluttershy says: "Aww."
Rainbow Dash says: "Aww."
"Match Game" says: "But I'd gladly trade one of my chickens for a crystal chalice."
Rainbow Dash says: "We need a crystal chalice to trade for a chicken to trade for a lamp to trade for an Orthros."
Rainbow Dash says: "So what are you willing to trade for it?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm guessing it's gotta be some crazy thing way across the Exchange."
"Amethyst Gleam" says: "Actually, I could use a slightly rusty old horseshoe."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, like where am I gonna find– wait, I've got one of those!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Now that we've got the chalice, this is gonna be a cinch!"
Fluttershy says: "Do you really think so?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You want me to trade all my books for a broken pen?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Alright, fine."
Pinkie Pie says: "Stop!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What are you doing?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I was trying to get rid of all the books I don't need anymore."
Pinkie Pie says: "For that?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Do you reaaaaally want that?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ohmygosh, ohmygosh, ohmygosh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I can't believe that almost happened!"
Pinkie Pie says: "But luckily, it didn't happen, thanks to me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What are you talking about?"
Pinkie Pie says: "According to the rules of the Exchange, a trade is only fair if both ponies end up with something they want."
Pinkie Pie says: "You can't break the rules!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Did anypony see you do it?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I don't think anypony saw!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Y'know, if you want to go check out the rest of the Exchange and trade whatever you brought..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Nope, I just came to pony-watch!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm not going anywhere."
Pinkie Pie says: "I won't let you make a mistake like that again!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hey, everypony, step right up!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Do not walk!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Gallop over here for your chance to trade for authentic, one-of-a-kind, official princess merchandise!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, that took forever."
Fluttershy says: "I just hope it looks okay."
"Match Game" says: "This is perfect!"
"Match Game" says: "Perfect for the broken chalice mosaic I'm making!"
"Match Game" says: "Alright, so what kind of antique chicken do you want?"
"Match Game" says: "I got speckled, brown, gray..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh no!"
Rainbow Dash says: "The pony we're supposed to trade the chicken statue to didn't tell us what kind he wanted!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay, look."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm fast."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'll fly over to the lamp stand and find out what kind of chicken he wants."
Rainbow Dash says: "Just don't let anypony trade for any chicken while I'm gone, okay?"
Fluttershy says: "Um, well, okay!"
Fluttershy says: "Um, I can do that, I think."
Fluttershy says: "Um, well, maybe you shouldn't get one of those?"
Fluttershy says: "You know..."
Fluttershy says: "unless you really want to..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Beat it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You go."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'll stay here."
Rarity says: "Well, since we can't both get what we want, I will be the better friend."
Rarity says: "You take our trade goods and get what you want."
Applejack says: "I'm an amazin' friend!"
Applejack says: "So even though it's for somethin' that don't seem valuable at all, you take our stash."
Rarity says: "How dare you let me get what I want."
Rarity says: "What kind of friend do you think I am?"
Rarity says: "You are going to get what you want!"
Applejack says: "No, you are!"
Rarity says: "No, you are!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hello!"
Pinkie Pie says: "These books made Twilight the princess she is."
Pinkie Pie says: "Before that, she was nothing – a big, fat zero!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hey!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Then she read these books, and voila!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Princess!"
Pinkie Pie says: "So who wants to start the bidding?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh, just a moment, please!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie, I appreciate your help and all, but I'm not sure I'm comfortable with this."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nopony should trade for my books just because I'm a princess."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm not better than anypony else!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Did I mention that Princess Twilight got these books from Princess Celestia?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, that's right!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Double princess!"
Fluttershy says: "There he is!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Look, I know it's your break and all, but you've gotta open your stand so we can trade you for a lamp!"
Stellar Eclipse says: "Sorry, girls."
Stellar Eclipse says: "Been trading all day."
Stellar Eclipse says: "My belly's tellin' me it's time to eat an oatburger."
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh come on, please?"
Fluttershy says: "Pretty pretty please?"
Stellar Eclipse says: "Sorry, belly says 'no'."
Rainbow Dash says: "But the Exchange ends at sundown!"
Stellar Eclipse says: "No!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I've got an idea."
Rainbow Dash says: "Next!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Next!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Next!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Next!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Next!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We're home free!"
Rainbow Dash says: "As long as this thing doesn't drown us in slobber."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, he's just an affectionate little two-headed fellow."
Fluttershy says: "Aren't you, little boy?"
Applejack says: "No, I insist."
Applejack says: "You go fetch what you want, 'cause that's the kind of tried and true friend I am."
Rarity says: "Well!"
Rarity says: "I am way too generous to let you out-friend me like that!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We gotta hurry!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We're never gonna get to the Daring Do stand through this crowd in time!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Come on!"
Fluttershy says: "My bear call!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We gotta go!"
Fluttershy says: "Of course."
Fluttershy says: "It's just a bear call."
Fluttershy says: "There's nothing I could have traded it for that's more valuable to me than you."
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay, the Exchange is almost over, but we did it."
Rainbow Dash says: "We traded a crystal chalice for an antique chicken..."
Fluttershy says: "And the chicken for a lamp..."
Rainbow Dash says: "And the lamp for an Orthros, just like you asked."
Orthros barks.
Rainbow Dash says: "So there you go!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Now where's my book?"
"Teddie Safari" says: "Yeah, you know, the thing is..."
"Teddie Safari" says: "I don't really want an Orthros anymore."
Fluttershy says: "But..."
Fluttershy says: "what do we do now?"
Orthros panting.
Fluttershy says: "Oh goodness, oh goodness!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Argh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh..."
Fluttershy says: "Good boy!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You said you wanted an Orthros!"
"Teddie Safari" says: "I've been watching that thing over at the ancient beast booth!"
"Teddie Safari" says: "It's crazy!"
"Teddie Safari" says: "I don't want one in my house!"
Orthros growls.
Fluttershy says: "There, there, that's a good Orthros."
Fluttershy says: "You just have to know how to train them."
Fluttershy says: "With a little patient training and a big slobber mop, they can be a wonderful household pet."
"Teddie Safari" says: "All right, all right."
"Teddie Safari" says: "I'll trade you."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yes!"
"Teddie Safari" says: "If she comes and stays with us in Manehattan until it's trained!"
Fluttershy says: "Gosh, training an Orthros takes a long time."
Fluttershy says: "I'll probably be gone from Ponyville for..."
Fluttershy says: "I don't even know how many moons!"
Fluttershy says: "But..."
Fluttershy says: "if that is what you really want..."
"Teddie Safari" says: "So we got a fair deal?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Of course it's a deal!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah-eah, whoo!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I did it, I did it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Fluttershy, can you believe it?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh no."
Rainbow Dash says: "what did I do?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Who's got something valuable enough to trade for Princess Twilight's princess books that she got from Princess Celestia?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Did I say "princess"?"
Minuette says: "Over here, over here!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, come on!"
Pinkie Pie says: "These are the books the princess would sit up with all night, with nothing to read by but the light of her own horn!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh, now that looks fun– but not fun enough!"
Pinkie Pie says: "These are the books that made Twilight the princess she is!"
Pinkie Pie says: "So who's got what it takes to trade for them?"
Crowd Pony 3 says: "Well, when you put it like that..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Wait, stop, come back!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Uh, these books aren't that great..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, yes, they are."
Pinkie Pie says: "But I thought you wanted to get rid of them!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "None of those ponies had anything valuable enough to trade for my books."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Not because these books belong to a princess, but because they helped make me who I am."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just like you said."
Twilight Sparkle says: "This was the one I was so absorbed in the day Spike decided he owed Applejack a life debt."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And this one reminds me of the day I got it – which was the day I met you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I may not ever need to read these again, but that doesn't mean they don't have value."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I realize that now, thanks to you, Pinkie."
Pinkie Pie says: "I told you I'd take care of everything!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Twilight!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I need you to say a trade wasn't fair!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Fast!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've heard what you both have to say, and I'm sorry, Rainbow Dash, but my hooves are tied."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You said it was a fair trade."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, I said it, but I was wrong!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I did want that book, a lot."
Rainbow Dash says: "I said I wanted it more than anything in all of Equestria."
Rainbow Dash says: "But there's no thing that's worth as much to me as a friend."
Rainbow Dash says: "I might have forgotten that for a little bit, but it's true."
Rainbow Dash says: "Which means there's no way this trade can be fair!"
"Teddie Safari" says: "Oh, come on, that's..."
"Teddie Safari" says: "the sweetest thing I've ever heard."
"Teddie Safari" says: "Okay, the trade's off!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And with that, I declare this trial, and this year's Rainbow Falls Traders Exchange, over!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Woo-hoo!"
Rarity says: "I know it's not the pie tin you were after, but I hope you like it."
Rarity says: "It's the rustiest piece of junk I could get."
Applejack says: "Well, I took my half of our stash and got you this!"
Rarity says: "Ohhh!"
Applejack says: "And I know you're gonna love it, 'cause you already have a bunch of ones that look exactly the same sittin' in the drawer doin' nothin'."
Applejack says: "So that should settle it once and for all which of us is the better friend."
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, come on!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You both gave up what you wanted to get something for each other!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That's the coolest thing a friend can do."
Rainbow Dash says: "Trust me, I know."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hey, where's your double-doggie?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I traded it for something way better."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, what do you know?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "My copy of Daring Do and the Sapphire Statue."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's just a beat up old paperback, not a one-of-a-kind first edition..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Even better, because I can read this one with all my friends!"