Starlight Glimmer says: "Okay."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Library..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Library..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Where did they put the library?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "This castle looked a lot smaller from the outside."
Spike says: "Morning, Starlight!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Whoops!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Sorry, Spike!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I guess I'm still trying to find my way around."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You don't happen to know where the library is, do you?"
Spike says: "Next door on the left!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Thanks!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Acceptance, mm-hmm."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Altruism, definitely."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Starlight, good morning, come in!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Sorry I'm late."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I got a little turned around."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I still can't believe you're letting me stay here..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "as your pupil..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "after everything I did."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, I'm not one to dwell on the past, and neither should you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The castle is your home now, and as far as being my pupil goes, I was just trying to figure out what your first friendship lesson should be!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, well, it looks like you're really narrowing it down!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, these are just the A's."
Twilight Sparkle says: "After this, I move on to the B's!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I know I'm just learning about friendship, but I didn't think there were this many lessons for anything."
Starlight Glimmer says: "How do we choose?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe I should pare things down a bit before we go through them."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why don't you join the others in the throne room?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "They're planning our trip to the Crystal Empire when Shining Armor and Princess Cadance have their baby!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Throne room!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Got it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, I think we should leave ASAP."
Rainbow Dash says: "I don't want to miss the Crystalling!"
Fluttershy says: "But, um, shouldn't we wait for the invitation?"
Applejack says: "Frankly, I'm not exactly clear on all the customs and traditions of the Crystal Empire, especially when it comes to a Crystalling."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What's a Crystalling?"
Rarity says: "Well, that's just it, darling."
Rarity says: "Princess Cadance and Shining Armor's baby is due any day, and we're still not sure."
Rarity says: "The Crystal Empire was gone for a thousand years."
Rarity says: "A lot of their customs are a bit murky."
Applejack says: "We know it's got somethin' to do with the new baby."
Pinkie Pie says: "And a party!"
Fluttershy says: "And the Crystal Heart."
Pinkie Pie says: "And a party!"
Rainbow Dash says: "And some kinda cool energy."
Pinkie Pie says: "And..."
Pinkie Pie says: "a party!"
Spike says: "It's not hard to understand."
Spike says: "Most things in the Crystal Empire aren't."
Spike says: "Like how I'm a big hero there, for example!"
Spike says: "Eh..."
Spike says: "plus, I've had to help Twilight do a lot of research on Crystallings."
Spike says: "Whenever a baby is born in the Crystal Empire, the parents bring it before the Crystal Heart."
Spike says: "They get the purest shard of crystal they can find, then pick a crystaller to present the baby to everypony who comes."
Spike says: "Then they all share the light and joy they feel, feeding it into the crystal that joins with the Heart, and increases its power!"
Spike says: "And this is going to be a royal Crystalling, so pretty much the whole empire will show up."
Spike says: "That hasn't happened in a millennia!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What do you mean it increases the Crystal Heart's power?"
Spike says: "The energy it uses to protect the Crystal Empire, I guess."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Protect it from what?"
Spike says: "I..."
Spike says: "didn't help Twilight with that part."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Hey, Twilight, can I ask you something about the Crystal Empire?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Huh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Funny you should mention it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Because I just narrowed your first friendship lesson down to three options, and one of them is in the Crystal Empire!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Really?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I found out that's where the first pony you ever cared about lives!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Sunburst?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Of course, that's just one idea."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We could also go to Griffonstone."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Making friends with a griffon is a challenge all by itself!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Or we could tag along with the CMC's the next time they try to help a pony figure out why they're special..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Starlight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Is something wrong?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "O-Oh, no, heh, those all sound great!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I guess you were right – it is gonna be hard to choose one!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Yeah."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Ugh!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I am never gonna find my way around this place!"
Spike says: "Gee, Starlight, what's wrong?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I don't know, Spike."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Twilight's figuring out what my first friendship lesson is, and I guess I'm not exactly thrilled with the options."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "with one of them."
Spike says: "Which one?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Reuniting me with my first friend."
Spike says: "What's so terrible about that?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "When we were foals, Sunburst knew everything there was to know about magic."
Starlight Glimmer says: "He always knew just what to do."
Starlight Glimmer says: "And he was always there to help me."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I guess it's not surprising that Sunburst got his cutie mark in magic and..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "went off to Princess Celestia's school."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But when he left..."
Spike says: "You blamed cutie marks and stripped a whole village of theirs, and when Twilight and the others stopped you, you went back in time and almost destroyed Equestria."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Not really stuff I'm super eager to tell Sunburst about."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I mean, he's probably some big important wizard now, and..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I can't even find my way around Twilight's castle."
Spike says: "Well, if Sunburst is that good at magic, maybe he'd appreciate your, uh..."
Spike says: "exploits."
Spike says: "You should talk to Twilight about it."
Spike says: "I'm sure she'd want to hear what you have to say."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I know."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But I don't want her to think I'm not ready to learn or that I'm not grateful for everything she's doing."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come quick!"
Spike says: "It's a Crystalling invitation!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Shining Armor's a father!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm an aunt!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, this settles it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Since we're going to the Crystal Empire, your first friendship lesson is going to be..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "reuniting with Sunburst!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Great..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Um, Applejack, what is that?"
Applejack says: "Oh, just a little somethin' for the young'un."
Applejack says: "Made from genuine Sweet Apple Acres apple trees."
Applejack says: "We make 'em for all the Apples, and anypony related to Twilight is practically family."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, it's okay..."
Rainbow Dash says: "But it's no Cloudsdale mobile!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Bam!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh!"
Rarity says: "Ooh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Pretty!"
Applejack says: "Well, a mobile is real nice..."
Applejack says: "as long as you have somethin' to lay in so you can look at it."
Rarity says: "And a fetching blanket to keep you warm."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sure Shining Armor and Princess Cadance will love all our gifts."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I think they're more happy we'll be attending the baby's Crystalling."
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I can't wait to see all that light and love make the Crystal Heart even more sparkly and shiny!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Actually, Pinkie, the Crystal Heart is an ancient and powerful relic."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Without its magic, the Crystal Empire would be lost to the Frozen North."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Wow, this Crystalling sounds pretty important."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'd understand if you wanted to..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "you know..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "wait to do a different friendship lesson when we get back."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you kidding?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This trip is perfect!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Not only do I get to see the baby and take part in the ceremony that helps maintain the magic of the Crystal Empire, but I'm starting my new pupil off with the most amazing friendship lesson ever!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't wait!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Right..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Me neither..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Actually, Twilight, I am a little worried about meeting Sunburst."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, trust me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know what it's like to see old friends."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I'll be right there to help things along."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've broken the whole lesson down into a few easy steps to ensure this reunion goes off without a hitch!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Step one, head to Sunburst's house and get you two started on the right hoof."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Step two, get to the castle with enough time to visit the ba—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Shining Armor!"
Shining Armor says: "Twilight..."
Shining Armor says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I didn't know you were meeting us!"
Shining Armor says: "Of course I am!"
Shining Armor says: "It's me, right here."
Shining Armor says: "Here I am."
Shining Armor says: "Why wouldn't I come meet my sister?"
Shining Armor says: "Though we have met before, heh-heh..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you all right?"
Shining Armor says: "Sorry."
Shining Armor says: "I haven't really slept since Cadance had the baby."
Shining Armor says: "Come to think of it, she hasn't either."
Shining Armor says: "It sure would be great to get a break."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, of course!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know what I was thinking!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You two probably need all kinds of help!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sorry, Starlight, but I guess combining your first lesson with this visit wasn't such a good idea."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, uh, don't be ridiculous!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You're an aunt now!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "That's way more important than some friendship lesson."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just wish there was a way to do both."
Spike says: "Maybe there is!"
Spike says: "You've already done the work for Starlight's lesson with this list."
Spike says: "All we have to do is follow it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike, you're a genius!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "genius."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Then it's settled!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Shining Armor and I will head straight to the castle, and you two can head straight to Sunburst's!"
Spike says: "Aye-aye, Princess!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Uh-huh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Alright, big brother, let's go see this amazing baby pony!"
Shining Armor says: "Ahhh..."
Shining Armor says: "the baby..."
Spike says: "I know you're a little worried about this reunion, but I'm sure Twilight's got everything covered."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Everything except how I'd rather do absolutely anything else."
Spike says: "Oh, I bet she's taken that into account too."
Spike says: "It's all part of the lesson."
Spike says: "Trust the lesson."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Right..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Hey, i-is that..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "you?"
Spike says: "Oh, yep, it sure is!"
Spike says: "Now, according to the list, Sunburst's house is—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Why is there a statue of you in the Crystal Empire?"
"Scarlet Heart" says: "Because Spike the Brave and Glorious saved all of us from King Sombra!"
"Amber Laurel" says: "And then again during the Equestria Games!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Really?"
"Golden Väs" says: "Really!"
"Golden Väs" says: "Big fan."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Um, when were you going to tell me about this?"
Spike says: "Nah, it's no big deal."
Crystal Ponies says: "It most certainly is!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "That's it!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "We're not going anywhere until I get the whole story!"
Shining Armor says: "Before we go in, I should probably tell you."
Shining Armor says: "Seeing the baby might be a bit of a shock."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come on, big brother."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've met babies before."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I expect meeting this one won't be any different."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Of course, I could be wrong."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The baby is an Alicorn?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Princess Cadance says: "It looks that way."
Rarity says: "But..."
Rarity says: "But..."
Rarity says: "But I thought Alicorn wings had to be earned by accomplishing some great, princess-worthy deed!"
Applejack says: "Yeah."
Applejack says: "How can you just be born with 'em?"
Princess Celestia says: "The birth of an Alicorn is something Equestria has never seen!"
Princess Luna says: "It is beyond even our understanding."
Fluttershy says: "That's not very reassuring."
Pinkie Pie says: "Wow!"
Pinkie Pie says: "A unicorn, and a Pegasus!"
Pinkie Pie says: "So she could be a super-strong flyer and have crazy baby magic!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, I know all about super-strong flying!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And I can help keep tabs on her magic!"
Princess Celestia says: "It appears her magic is more powerful than that of a newborn unicorn!"
Princess Luna says: "The crowds have already started to gather."
Pinkie Pie says: "This Crystalling is gonna be some party!"
Princess Cadance says: "Do you think we should call it off?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Um, we've all faced a lot worse than baby magic."
Rarity says: "I can't imagine cancelling such a beautiful and important ceremony over something so potentially adorable!"
Princess Celestia says: "In light of the little one's abilities, this Crystalling might be more important than ever."
Princess Celestia says: "Perhaps you should address your subjects and remind them of that."
Princess Cadance says: "Hm."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Shining Armor!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Do you have everything you need for the ceremony?"
Shining Armor says: "Huh?"
Shining Armor says: "Oh, no!"
Shining Armor says: "I still have to interview the honor guards, choose the purity crystal, and pick a crystaller!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Alright, take it easy."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie can stay here with me and keep an eye on the baby."
Applejack says: "And we'll all help you with everythin' else."
Shining Armor says: "..."
Shining Armor says: "baby..."
Rarity says: "That is, if you can stay awake long enough to tell us how."
Spike says: "..."
Spike says: "and that's how we found the Crystal Heart, defeated King Sombra, and saved the Empire."
Crystal Ponies cheering.
"Cloudy Spinel" says: "We love you, Spike!"
"Coral Shores" says: "Yeah."
"Coral Shores" says: "Tell the one about the Equestria Games!"
Spike says: "Well, as much as I love reliving my heroic deeds, Starlight and I have an important lesson to do, by order of the Princess of Friendship!"
Foals says: "Awwww!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Aw, come on, Spike!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I want to hear about the Games too!"
Spike says: "I know you're nervous about seeing Sunburst, but it says right in step 3, to, uh, "Deal with your fears by facing them, not by putting it off."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Ugh."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Let's go get this over with."
Spike says: "Wait!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Huh?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Spike says: "Knocking on the door isn't the next thing on the list!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Seriously?"
Spike says: "I know Twilight can be a little nitpicky, but this is your first lesson as her pupil, and it's important that we do it right!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Fine."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What's the next thing on the list?"
Spike says: ""Before they see each other, be sure to highlight the importance of the meeting."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm pretty sure we can skip that."
Spike says: "I don't know..."
Spike says: "I mean if we skip it, the whole lesson could go south!"
Spike says: "And then you might end up taking a giant step backwards instead of forwards!"
Spike says: "Maybe you'll never be able to learn anything about friendship at all!"
Spike says: "It's almost like your whole future depends on this moment."
Spike says: ""Highlight the importance of the meeting" – check!"
Spike says: "I can't believe you wanted to skip that!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Sunburst?"
Sunburst says: "Yes?"
Sunburst says: "What can I do for you?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's me, Starlight."
Starlight Glimmer says: "We used to be friends?"
Sunburst says: "Oh, of course!"
Sunburst says: "S-Starlight!"
Sunburst says: "My goodness, it-it's been a long time!"
Sunburst says: "What, uh, what have you been up to?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Me?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You know, some of this, some of that, different..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "stuff."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Right now, I'm sort of Twilight Sparkle's new pupil."
Sunburst says: "The Princess of Friendship?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Heh..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "yeah..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "that's actually kind of why I'm here."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I mean, I know you're probably very busy."
Sunburst says: "What do you mean?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, I figured after magic school, you'd go on to do important wizard work, but..."
Sunburst says: "Oh."
Sunburst says: "No."
Sunburst says: "Y-Yes!"
Sunburst says: "Uh, y-yes, that's me, yup."
Sunburst says: "Right."
Sunburst says: "Uh, well..."
Sunburst says: "good to see you."
Spike says: "Huh."
Spike says: "Maybe we should have skipped highlighting the importance of the meeting after all."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, I guess that's that!"
Spike says: "Starlight, come on!"
Spike says: "We have to at least explain what Twilight wants!"
Princess Cadance says: "Dearest citizens, I am sure you are all just as thrilled and ready for this Crystalling as myself and Shining Armor."
Shining Armor says: "I'm not ready!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Take it easy!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Just pick whoever looks the most like honor guard material."
Shining Armor says: "Right..."
Shining Armor says: "right."
Shining Armor says: "I'm sorry."
Shining Armor says: "Fatherhood is way more stressful than I ever thought."
Fluttershy says: "I can only imagine."
Rarity says: "Now, I know choosing the crystal of purity is a very important decision."
Rarity says: "So I have gone through the trouble of arranging them in order from incredibly pure to outrageously pure."
Fluttershy says: "Um, Rarity, don't they all sort of look the same?"
Rarity says: "Oh, well, to the untrained eye, perhaps."
Rarity says: "What do you think, Shining Armor?"
Shining Armor says: "I don't know!"
Rarity says: "I hope Twilight and Pinkie are having better luck with the baby!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Well..."
Pinkie Pie says: "at least she's having..."
Pinkie Pie says: "fun!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whee!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie, hold her still!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm tryiiiiiiing!"
Sunburst says: "So..."
Sunburst says: "the Princess of Friendship wants you and I to be friends again?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Heh, I know."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Weird, right?"
Sunburst says: "Uh, I don't understand."
Sunburst says: "Did something happen to you after I left for magic school?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "No!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I-I don't see what that has to do with anything."
Starlight Glimmer says: "W-Why would you even ask that?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I mean, did something happen to you after you left for magic school?"
Sunburst says: "What?"
Sunburst says: "Um, no."
Sunburst says: "L-Like you said, I'm a,  i-important wizard."
Spike says: "I'm sure there's something on Twilight's list that can help here."
Shining Armor says: "Okay."
Shining Armor says: "I chose the honor guard, picked the purity crystal, and I know exactly who I want to be our crystaller."
Shining Armor says: "So, all we need is..."
Princess Cadance says: "The baby?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're here!"
Pinkie Pie says: "She's a really strong flyer!"
Applejack says: "I'm guessin' that's gonna make it harder to do the Crystalling."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's worse than that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Without the Heart, the Crystal Empire's about to be buried under a mountain of ice and snow!"
To be continued...