Pinkie Pie says: "Whatcha doin'?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Aaagh!"
Pinkie Pie says: ""Aaagh" yourself!"
Pinkie Pie says: "But that doesn't answer my question, silly."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just some genealogical research."
Pinkie Pie says: "Ohhh."
Pinkie Pie says: "I don't know what that is."
Spike says: "Genealogy is the study of family history."
Spike says: "Y'know, where ponies come from and who they're related to."
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh, fascinating."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe you should pick one from the..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "top?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Uh-huh..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Interesting..."
Pinkie Pie says: "I see..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hmm, that makes sense..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Not much of a surprise there..."
Pinkie Pie says: "WHAT?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "?"
Pinkie Pie says: "This is the most amazing thing ever!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Why didn't you tell me how amazing this is?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Genealogy is better than cotton candy on top of a fountain of chocolate!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You'll never believe who it says I'm related to!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hey, cousin!"
Applejack says: "This is just so excitin', I can hardly believe it!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I know!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Isn't it the best?"
Apple Bloom says: "I have another sister!"
Apple Bloom says: "I have another sister!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Well, you actually have a fourth cousin twice removed by a fifth cousin, but that's like exactly like a sister!"
Applejack says: "I'd try to tone it down a little around non-family members, because I don't want to make them jealous, but..."
Apple Bloom says: "This is the best family ever!"
Applejack says: "It really is."
Applejack says: "You are gonna love bein' an Apple."
Applejack says: "I mean, you've got the playful one..."
Applejack says: "The strong one..."
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Applejack says: "And of course, there's Granny Smith, who knows everythin' about everythin'!"
Granny Smith says: "A Ponyville snail can hibernate for up to forty-eight moons!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Who knew?"
Applejack says: "And then there's me."
Applejack says: "Do you smell that sweet apple air, Pinkie Pie?"
Applejack says: "That was rhetorical."
Applejack says: "Of course you smell it."
Applejack says: "You're an Apple now!"
Apple Bloom says: "And Applejack is the one responsible for it!"
Apple Bloom says: "It's true!"
Apple Bloom says: "I mean she keeps us all organized and on schedule and does her own part on top of it all!"
Big McIntosh says: "Mm-hmm."
Granny Smith says: "Mm-hmm."
Pinkie Pie says: "I was already super happy as a Pie!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And now I get to be a part of this amazing family too?"
Apple Bloom says: "It's even more amazin' now that you're in it!"
Apple Bloom says: "We're family, we're family, you an' me are family!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Best family twirl everrrrrrr!"
Applejack says: "Huh, I just can't believe we've never heard anythin' about this before!"
Applejack says: "Hmm..."
Apple Bloom says: "What's wrong, sis?"
Applejack says: "I'm not seein' where exactly it says we're family."
Pinkie Pie says: "It's riiiiiiiii-  -iiiiiight here!"
Applejack says: "It..."
Applejack says: "is?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Uh-huh."
Pinkie Pie says: "Applesauce of the Apple family lineage is a fourth cousin twice removed of the Pie family!"
Applejack says: "I see the part about our great, great auntie Applesauce and fourth cousin twice removed part, but that last bit's awful smudged."
Applejack says: "Are you sure it says 'Pie'?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I guess it is a little smudged, but I see most of it there, and when I read it, I knew in my heart it was true!"
Granny Smith says: "Well, ain't that just the sweetest thing!"
Applejack says: "It is, it is."
Applejack says: "I'd just hate for us to get all excited before we found out for sure."
Apple Bloom says: "So how are we supposed to find out for sure?"
Granny Smith says: "Ehhhh..."
Granny Smith says: "Oh!"
Granny Smith says: "Cousin Goldie Delicious!"
Granny Smith says: "Her cabin's practically an Apple family history museum!"
Granny Smith says: "If anypony has the records to back up Pinkie's theory, it's her!"
Applejack says: "Huh, I suppose we could always..."
Applejack says: "I mean, Goldie Delicious doesn't live that far away, and we haven't been on one as a family in a real long time..."
Applejack says: "Are y'all thinkin' what I'm thinkin'?"
Apple family says: "Family road trip!"
Granny Smith says: "Has anypony seen my travelin' bonnet?"
Apple Bloom says: "Isn't that it on your head?"
Granny Smith says: "No!"
Granny Smith says: "Well, it ain't, and that's final!"
Applejack says: "Hey, everypony?"
Applejack says: "Since Pinkie Pie's back home gettin' her stuff for the trip, can y'all gather round?"
Applejack says: "I just wanted to say somethin' real quick."
Granny Smith says: "I've had somethin' in my teeth this whole time, haven't I?"
Granny Smith says: "Gadsnickety, what a way to welcome a family member!"
Applejack says: "Er, no, Granny, your teeth are fine."
Applejack says: "I just wanted to be sure that we're all on the same page about showin' Pinkie Pie how awesome a family we really are."
Applejack says: "We want her to get to know the family she's been born into, but, like, the best version of it, y'know?"
Granny Smith says: "Oh,."
Granny Smith says: "Don't you worry, honey."
Granny Smith says: "We're a great family, and she can't help but see it."
Apple Bloom says: "I'll bet my future cutie mark's gonna be a picture of me bein' the best behaved pony ever!"
Apple Bloom says: "That's how good I'm gonna be!"
Apple Bloom says: "Big Mac?"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Pinkie Pie says: "Are y'all ready to go?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Because I'm ready to go-go-go!"
Applejack says: "Er, Big Mac?"
Applejack says: "Are you sure we really need all that stuff?"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Applejack says: "Are you sure you're strong enough to really pull all that stuff?"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Applejack says: "Are you sure the wagon's strong enough to hold it all?"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup!"
Applejack says: "Then let's get this show on the road!"
Applejack says: "C'mon, Apples, y'all know this one!"
Granny Smith says: "Hot-diggity!"
Applejack says: "Yee-haw!"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Applejack.
We've traveled the road of generations.
Joined by a common bond.
We sing our song 'cross the pony nation.
From Equestria and beyond.
Applejack and Apple Bloom.
We're Apples forever, Apples together.
We're family, but so much more.
No matter what comes, we will face the weather.
We're Apples to the core.
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Apple Bloom.
There's no place that I'd rather be.
Than travelin' with my family.
Friends all around come to join and see.
As we sing out across the land.
Applejack, Big McIntosh, and Apple Bloom.
We're Apples forever, Apples together.
We're family, but so much more.
No matter what comes, we will face the weather.
We're Apples to the core.
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Granny Smith.
We're peas in a pod, we're thick as thieves.
Any cliché you can throw at me.
We're here for each other, through thick and thin.
You're always welcome with your Apple kin.
Wheeeeee!
Pinkie Pie.
You're more fun than the color pink.
Or balloons flying over your favorite drink.
The love I feel here is swim, not sink.
As we party across this land.
Apples says: "All right!"
All.
We're Apples forever, Apples together.
We're family, but so much more.
No matter what comes, we will face the weather.
We're Apples to the core!
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup!"
Applejack says: "Big Mac!"
Applejack says: "I thought you said– Uh, I thought– I mean, not that I'm blamin' you, because we don't blame in this family, but I thought you said all this stuff wasn't gonna be too heavy."
Apple Bloom says: "How're we supposed to get to Goldie Delicious now?"
Granny Smith says: "I don't know, but I don't see how we can go back now either."
Granny Smith says: "We're closer to cousin Goldie's that we are to home."
Pinkie Pie says: "I have the best..."
Pinkie Pie says: "idea..."
Pinkie Pie says: "ever!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Family river trip!"
Applejack says: "Heh."
Applejack says: "Just one problem."
Applejack says: "We haven't got a raft."
Applejack says: "'Bout the only thing that didn't get packed."
Granny Smith says: "Well, back in the old days, we used to use the sap from a sugar pine tree to glue things together."
Applejack says: "That is, uh, fascinatin'..."
Applejack says: "Don't know that it's helpful, but it is fascinatin'..."
Granny Smith says: "Pfft!"
Granny Smith says: "'Not helpful', my patootie!"
Granny Smith says: "We're gonna build ourselves a raft out of these here jalopy parts and keep it held together with sugar pine sap!"
Applejack says: "Hm, worth a shot!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Woo-hoo!"
Applejack says: "Could be worse, I guess."
Applejack says: "Now remember, this time we're only packin' the necessities."
Pinkie Pie says: "Wait a second!"
Pinkie Pie says: "This one is for the scrapbook!"
Applejack says: "Pinkie Pie, when did you have time to make this?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Applejack, when you're family, you make the time."
Applejack says: "Woo-hoo!"
Applejack says: "We did it!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Say 'soaked'!"
Pinkie Pie says: "So what you're saying is, if I have the courage to jump, the parachute will open."
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Pinkie Pie says: "Whoa!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That is deep!"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Applejack says: "Uh-oh..."
Applejack says: "All right, y'all."
Applejack says: "Please tell me that the map didn' get wet."
Applejack says: "'Cuz it looks like I'm gonna need it right about now."
Apple Bloom says: "Found it!"
Who's got the map?
I got the map!
M to the A to the yeah, that's right, P.
Ain't no other pony found a map like me.
I'm Apple— uh-oh.
Applejack says: "All you had to do was bring it to me."
Applejack says: "No singin', no dancin', no games."
Applejack says: "Just walk it over!"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Pinkie Pie says: "Say 'best siblings ever'!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh, that's another keeper!"
Granny Smith says: "It's okay, y'all!"
Granny Smith says: "I travelled down this river as a filly and I know it like the back of my hoof!"
Applejack says: "Are you sure you know which way to go?"
Granny Smith says: "Does a June bug like to hide in a tree?"
Applejack says: "Uh..."
Applejack says: "I don't know."
Granny Smith says: "Well, I do know!"
Granny Smith says: "And I also know we wanna head southeast!"
Granny Smith says: "Now step aside, young'un!"
Applejack says: "Um, Granny?"
Granny Smith says: "Myuh-huh?"
Applejack says: "Are we supposed to go through a cave?"
Granny Smith says: "Ah, don't worry, child!"
Granny Smith says: "The scariest cave in Equestria was down that other way!"
Apple Bloom says: "The scariest cave in Equestria?"
Granny Smith says: "Oh, it's a fright all right!"
Granny Smith says: "Filled with creatures that'll eat ya soon as look at ya!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh, sounds scary."
Pinkie Pie says: "Tell us more!"
Granny Smith says: "Ponies go in..."
Granny Smith says: "but they never come out!"
Applejack says: "And you're sure it's not that cave?"
Applejack says: "The one we're headin' straight for?"
Granny Smith says: "Now, Applejack, I taught you better than to question your elder ponies!"
Applejack says: "Heh..."
Applejack says: "you sure did."
Granny Smith says: "Alrighty then."
Granny Smith says: "Now everypony just sit on back an' leave the steerin' to your old Granny Smith."
Granny Smith says: "See now?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Got it!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Best scary unidentifiable creature ever!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Say 'terrified'!"
Granny Smith says: "Guess that was the scariest cave in Equestria."
Granny Smith says: "Uh, of course I meant to take us through it!"
Granny Smith says: "Unexpected adventure is good for the soul!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Best granny wisdom ever!"
Applejack says: "Uh-huh."
Applejack says: "Why don't you just scooch on over there, Granny?"
Applejack says: "Think I'll take it from here on out."
Granny Smith says: "Huh!"
Granny Smith says: "Is that how I taught you to treat your elder ponies?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Is it?"
Applejack says: "You taught me to trust my common sense."
Applejack says: "And my common sense says we should get to Goldie Delicious's cabin in one piece."
Granny Smith says: "And that is exactly what I'm gonna do!"
Applejack says: "That is mighty generous of you, but I think you've done enough for one day."
Granny Smith says: "And how exactly are you gonna know which way to go?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hmmmmmmm?"
Applejack says: "It would be easier if the map hadn't gone overboard!"
Apple Bloom says: "Hey!"
Apple Bloom says: "There wouldn't have been an overboard if Big Mac hadn't overpacked the jalopy!"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyu- hey!"
Applejack says: "Exactly!"
Applejack says: "So I think we can all agree that from here on out, I should be in charge of everythin'."
Pinkie Pie says: "I just wanna say..."
Pinkie Pie says: "that I think you're all super duper, and I can't wait to make a page in my scrapbook about the amazing waterfall we went down!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Wheeeee!"
Granny Smith says: "Huh!"
Granny Smith says: "Told you that sugar pine sap would hold this thing together."
Pinkie Pie says: "We're here!"
Pinkie Pie says: "We're here!"
Pinkie Pie says: "We made it to Goldie Delicious's's's's's!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You guys!"
Pinkie Pie says: "There's a note!"
Applejack says: "Uh, Pinkie Pie?"
Applejack says: "Maybe you could read that one out loud?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, right, sorry!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I haven't even read it yet."
Pinkie Pie says: "I was just looking at how pretty the paper is."
Pinkie Pie says: "Okay, it says that she ran off to run some errands but will be home soon!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, that's perfect!"
Apple Bloom says: "Why is that perfect?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Because it'll give me enough time to get more scrapbook paper!"
Pinkie Pie says: "See ya!"
Apple Bloom says: "Worst family road trip."
Apple Bloom says: "Ever."
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Applejack says: "I can't believe she witnessed our family fallin' apart like this."
Applejack says: "I can't believe I was arguin' with you so much that I tore the wheel right off the raft."
Applejack says: "It's like I wasn't myself at all."
Granny Smith says: "Aw, that wasn't your fault."
Granny Smith says: "My stubborn streak got a hold of me somethin' fierce."
Granny Smith says: "Should've let you take the wheel long a'fore that."
Apple Bloom says: "It was my fault the map got all wet..."
Big McIntosh says: "I was the pony who—"
Granny Smith says: "Now, now, Big Mac, you gotta know we forgive you for packin' the jalopy so much that it collapsed."
Granny Smith says: "You was just as eager to please Pinkie Pie like the rest of us."
Applejack says: "Everypony, I think we have to let Pinkie Pie know that even if she does discover that she's an Apple, she does not have to feel obliged to consider herself one."
Granny Smith says: "Sure as applesauce."
Pinkie Pie says: "Are you kidding me?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You guys are the best family ever!"
Applejack says: "How can you say that?"
Applejack says: "We started out as one big unit, and now look at us."
Pinkie Pie says: "Yeah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Now look at you!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You're all here still in one big unit, loving each other and owning up to what went wrong!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You never gave up, even when things got tough!"
Apple Bloom says: "She does make a pretty good point."
Pinkie Pie says: "You aren't just family, you're best friends!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And I wanna be an Apple more than ever!"
Apple Bloom says: "And we want you to be one too!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yippee!"
Goldie Delicious says: "Now that's how you run an errand."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hello!"
Goldie Delicious says: "Hello yourself!"
Applejack says: "You must be Goldie Delicious."
Applejack says: "So nice to meet you."
Goldie Delicious says: "Uh-huh."
Goldie Delicious says: "And who exactly are you?"
Pinkie Pie says: "We're Apples!"
Applejack says: "Well, we think we're all Apples."
Applejack says: "But we need your help finding out if Pinkie Pie here is our fourth cousin twice removed."
Goldie Delicious says: "Well why didn't you say so?"
Goldie Delicious says: "If anypony can help solve this genealogy mystery, it's me!"
Goldie Delicious says: "Gotta..."
Goldie Delicious says: "get some oil..."
Goldie Delicious says: "for the hinges..."
Goldie Delicious says: "Alrighty then, just have to move a few things out of the way of the door."
Goldie Delicious says: "Ooh!"
Goldie Delicious says: "Ah!"
Goldie Delicious says: "Get off of that, Mr."
Goldie Delicious says: "Fluffy..."
Goldie Delicious says: "Come on, Pooples..."
Goldie Delicious says: "come here, sweetheart..."
Goldie Delicious says: "Come on in!"
Goldie Delicious says: "Sorry about the mess!"
Applejack says: "Whoa!"
Goldie Delicious says: "Oh, careful now."
Goldie Delicious says: "Those belonged to your great-great-great-great uncle Apple Tart!"
Apple Bloom says: "Well, whose was this?"
Goldie Delicious says: "Well, that was my lunch."
Goldie Delicious says: "A couple of weeks ago."
Goldie Delicious says: "This here is a complete record of, of our family tree!"
Goldie Delicious says: "It's not here, or here, or, or here, or it certainly isn't here, is it..."
Goldie Delicious says: "?"
Goldie Delicious says: "Oh, here it is!"
Goldie Delicious says: "..."
Goldie Delicious says: "Oh, dear."
Granny Smith says: "'Oh, dear'?"
Granny Smith says: "What is it?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Am I not an Apple after all?"
Goldie Delicious says: "Well, that's just it."
Goldie Delicious says: "I don't know."
Goldie Delicious says: "The page is all smudged."
Goldie Delicious says: "I sure am sorry, but I don't think I can help you out after all."
Pinkie Pie says: "Don't be sorry, it's okay."
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm just a little disappointed that I'll never know for sure if I'm a part of this family."
Applejack says: "Well, I know for sure!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What do you mean?"
Pinkie Pie says: "You can't know!"
Applejack says: "I can know for sure that it doesn't matter what the book says or doesn't say."
Applejack says: "After all you've been through with us and all you've put up with, it's obvious you're an Apple to the core!"
Granny Smith says: "Darn tootin'!"
Apple Bloom says: "Yes siree!"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Say 'best family hug ever'!"
Apple family says: "Best family hug ever!"
Applejack says: "Thanks again for the wagon, Goldie!"
Applejack says: "We'll see you soon!"
Goldie Delicious says: "Y'all sure you don't want to take any of these Apple family heirlooms home with you?"
Big McIntosh says: "Nnope."
All.
We're Apples forever, Apples together.
We're family, but so much more.
No matter what comes, we will face the weather.
We're Apples to the core!
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup!"
Applejack says: "Twilight agreed this was definitely an experience worth puttin' in the journal."
Applejack says: "Think I'll write about how bein' a good family isn't about bein' perfect as much as it is about bein' able to get through the rough patches together."
Applejack says: "About bein' able to forgive each other for mistakes."
Apple Bloom says: "Don't forget to mention how really good friends can also feel like your family."
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Apple Bloom says: "You know what?"
Apple Bloom says: "Maybe I should write it."
Apple Bloom says: "I'm good at makin' things sound excitin'."
Granny Smith says: "I have a history of excellent storytellin'."
Granny Smith says: "I should probably do it—"
Granny Smith says: "Hey!"
Granny Smith says: "Where in the haystack do you think you're goin' with that there pen?!"
Granny Smith says: "!"