Granny Smith says: "Oh, snickerdoodle!"
Granny Smith says: "Where is the darned thing?"
Granny Smith says: "I wish for once I'd remembered to label these boxes!"
Granny Smith says: "Uh, Big Mac, be a dear and help me move those..."
Granny Smith says: "uh, maybe it's in that one on the bottom."
Granny Smith says: "Oh, dagnabbit, it's not in there either!"
Apple Bloom says: "You can't catch me!"
Applejack says: "Woo-hoo!"
Apple Bloom says: "Hey!"
Applejack says: "You trickster!"
Granny Smith says: "Sisterhooves Social is right around the corner."
Granny Smith says: "Thought it'd be nice to award the winner of the big race the ribbon from when we hosted the very first Social!"
Granny Smith says: "If'n of course I could find the darn thing."
Granny Smith says: "Oh, would you looky here!"
Granny Smith says: "My, how Apple Bloom used to love watching you make that thing fly."
Granny Smith says: "It's like she thought you was magic."
Granny Smith says: "Ah, right, enough reminiscin'."
Granny Smith says: "Gotta find that ribbon!"
Granny Smith says: "If you would just help me—"
Granny Smith says: "pull..."
Granny Smith says: "this..."
Granny Smith says: "box, then maybe I can..."
Granny Smith says: "uh, Big Mac?"
Granny Smith says: "Found her!"
Apple Bloom says: "S-I-S-T-E-R-S!"
Applejack says: "S-I-S-T-E-R-S!"
Apple Bloom says: "Which two sisters are the best?"
Applejack says: "Which two sisters are the best?"
Apple Bloom says: "We are!"
Applejack says: "We are!"
Apple Bloom says: "Apple Bloom and Applejack forever!"
Applejack says: "Apple Bloom and Applejack forever!"
Apple Bloom says: "Yee-hoo!"
Applejack says: "Yee-hoo!"
Apple Bloom says: "We're gonna win every competition at the Sisterhooves Social!"
Apple Bloom says: "Those other fillies aren't gonna know what hit 'em!"
Applejack says: "Oh."
Applejack says: "Hey there, Big Mac!"
Applejack says: "Did you want somethin'?"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Apple Bloom says: "Hold that thought."
Apple Bloom says: "Applejack, you are the most awesome sister ever!"
Applejack says: "Aw, gee-whiz."
Applejack says: "Well I think it's sweet that you hold that opinion, but—"
Apple Bloom says: "It's not opinion!"
Apple Bloom says: "It's objective fact!"
Apple Bloom says: "You saved Equestria like a gazillion times, you're smart, funny, strong..."
Apple Bloom says: "why, you're the best sister of all time!"
Apple Bloom says: "Probably the best Apple of all time!"
Apple Bloom says: "Right, Big Mac?"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Apple Bloom says: "And with you by my side, I am guaranteed to taste sweet, sweet Sisterhooves Social victory!"
Apple Bloom says: "Go, Apples, go, go, go, Apples go!"
Applejack says: "Uh, Apple Bloom?"
Applejack says: "I think Big Mac's got somethin' he wants to show you."
Apple Bloom says: "Oh, hey."
Apple Bloom says: "Is that the toy we used to play with when I was little?"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup!"
Apple Bloom says: "Neat."
Apple Bloom says: "Alright then!"
Apple Bloom says: "Let's get back to practicin'!"
Apple Bloom says: "One more run-through of our jugglin' routine, make sure our harmonies are tight in our song, and see if we can't beat our best pie-eatin' time!"
Applejack says: "Hold on, sugarcube."
Applejack says: "I need a minute to talk with Big Mac."
Apple Bloom says: "Mind if I go ahead and start eatin' this pie?!"
Apple Bloom says: "!"
Applejack says: "Hey, Big Mac, you all right?"
Big McIntosh says: "Yup."
Applejack says: "You sure?"
Applejack says: "You seemed a little down back there."
Big McIntosh says: "Nope."
Applejack says: "Come on, you can tell me."
Applejack says: "You feelin' a little left out?"
Applejack says: "Apple Bloom and I have been spendin' a lot of time together gettin' ready for the Social."
Applejack says: "What in the..."
Applejack says: "?"
Apple Bloom says: "Your cutie mark!"
Apple Bloom says: "You're being summoned, Applejack!"
Apple Bloom says: "This is so cool!"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Apple Bloom says: "Wonder where you're bein' called to."
Apple Bloom says: "Wonder what you're supposed to do when you get there."
Apple Bloom says: "Obviously to somethin' awesome because you're awesome!"
Apple Bloom says: "But..."
Apple Bloom says: "but if you're bein' summoned to solve a friendship problem, that means you'll have to miss the Sisterhooves Social!"
Apple Bloom says: "And if you have to miss the Social, then I'll have to miss the Social, which means I won't be able to taste sweet, sweet victory!"
Applejack says: "Now calm down."
Applejack says: "Let me just go over to Twilight's castle and see what's what!"
Applejack says: "Maybe it's just a false alarm."
Apple Bloom says: "But you said it was a false alarm!"
Applejack says: "I said maybe it's a false alarm."
Applejack says: "Well, it's not."
Applejack says: "Rarity and I have to go to Manehattan."
Apple Bloom says: "Can't you just tell that map it'll have to wait a couple days?"
Applejack says: "No can do, sugarcube."
Applejack says: "When duty calls, I gotta answer right away."
Applejack says: "What kind of an example would I be settin' for my little sister if I didn't?"
Apple Bloom says: "This can't be happening!"
Apple Bloom says: "Your extreme awesomeness is backfiring on me!"
Applejack says: "Try and cheer her up, won't you?"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Granny Smith says: "Breakfast, come and get it!"
Granny Smith says: "Oh, it's no use, Big Mac."
Granny Smith says: "If I know my Apple Bloom, she won't come out of a funk this funky 'til her big sister gets back."
Sweetie Belle says: "Hey, Apple Bloom, the Social's gonna start in a few hours."
Sweetie Belle says: "Thought you might want to go with us."
Scootaloo says: "Since Rarity and Applejack are out of town, you and Sweetie Belle can cheer on me and Rainbow Dash instead!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Pretty great they're letting you participate even though you're not technically sisters."
Granny Smith says: "Well, the Social's always had a pretty loose definition of what consti-ma-tutes a sister."
Granny Smith says: "As long as you share a bond that represents the spirit of the Social, you're in!"
Sweetie Belle says: "So what do you say?"
Scootaloo says: "You coming?"
Apple Bloom says: "Why not, got nothin' better to do..."
Apple Bloom says: "lemme wash up and I'll meet you in a little bit."
Granny Smith says: "Such a shame we don't live closer to all your second cousins."
Granny Smith says: "You could maybe do the Social with one of them instead."
Granny Smith says: "What is it, Big Mac?"
Granny Smith says: "Y'all got an idea?"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup!"
Apple Bloom says: "What?"
Apple Bloom says: "What is it?!"
Apple Bloom says: "!"
Scootaloo says: "Today is our big day!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We have so got this."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm gonna go sign us in."
Sweetie Belle says: "I guess I'm just a little jealous you two get to compete and I don't."
Sweetie Belle says: "But at least I get to be here and cheer you on!"
Sweetie Belle says: "I thought Apple Bloom was gonna be here too."
Scootaloo says: "Guess she changed her mind."
Scootaloo says: "Hey, there you are!"
Scootaloo says: "You ready to cheer on me and Rainbow Dash to victory?"
Apple Bloom says: "Uh, not exactly."
Apple Bloom says: "Seems I'm gonna get to participate after all."
Sweetie Belle says: "Applejack is back from Manehattan already?"
Sweetie Belle says: "That must mean Rarity is back too!"
Apple Bloom says: "No, our sisters are still gone."
Apple Bloom says: "But it, uh..."
Apple Bloom says: "turns out my long lost cousin..."
Apple Bloom says: "'Orchard Blossom' was able to make it last minute."
Sweetie Belle says: "Your cousin who what now?"
Big McIntosh says: "Oh, my!"
Big McIntosh says: "I'm so delighted to meet your little friends, Apple Bloom."
Big McIntosh says: "Would these be your dear and beloved Cutie Mark Crusaders?"
Apple Bloom says: "Sweetie Belle and Scootaloo, cousin Orchard Blossom."
Big McIntosh says: "It is my extra-ordinary pleasure to make your acquaintance."
Sweetie Belle says: "That's Big Mac in a dress."
Big McIntosh says: "Big Mac?"
Big McIntosh says: "Why, as charmed as I am that you find me in the slightest resemblance to such a-a-a fine and noble product of the Apple clan, I am astonished in equal measure."
Big McIntosh says: "However, I shall take this startling observation under advisement given that it's from such an astute and perceptive filly as yourself, Sweetie Belle."
Sweetie Belle says: "That's awful nice of you to say, cousin Orchard Blossom!"
Sweetie Belle says: "I've been told before I'm pretty observant."
Big McIntosh says: "I haven't the slightest doubt."
Big McIntosh says: "Pardon me."
Big McIntosh says: "My dearest cousin Applejack is regrettably unable to be here as planned, so I, her cousin Orchard Blossom, will accompany Apple Bloom in her stead."
Big McIntosh says: "I trust that's acceptable to all concerned?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Cousin Orchard Blossom, huh?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I know Applejack has a lot of relatives, but I feel like she would've mentioned you."
Big McIntosh says: "Why, you must be Rainbow Dash."
Big McIntosh says: "You're Scootaloo's..."
Big McIntosh says: "say..."
Big McIntosh says: "how are y'all related again?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hm."
Rainbow Dash says: "Why don't I just let you finish signing in?"
Rainbow Dash says: "But don't think me and Scootaloo are gonna take it easy on you just 'cause you're a stallion!"
Big McIntosh says: "Now, where were we?"
Apple Bloom says: "Um, excuse me."
Apple Bloom says: "I have to..."
Apple Bloom says: "go to the bathroom."
Big McIntosh says: "You mean 'powder your muzzle', don't you, dear?"
Big McIntosh says: "Such a more, uh, feminine-like reference to nature's call, don't you agree?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Have they called your brother's bluff yet?"
Apple Bloom says: "No, but they're about to!"
Apple Bloom says: "I can't bear to watch!"
Big McIntosh says: "Yoo-hoo!"
Big McIntosh says: "Apple Bloom!"
Big McIntosh says: "They've approved us as a pair!"
Big McIntosh says: "Hurry along now, precious!"
Apple Bloom says: "I can't believe they bought it!"
Sweetie Belle says: "It's sweet he wants to help you out like this."
Sweetie Belle says: "Weird, but sweet."
Booth Barker says: "Bravo, bravo!"
Booth Barker says: "Weren't those two sisters great?"
Booth Barker says: "Now, where are our next competitors?"
Big McIntosh says: "Here we are!"
Big McIntosh says: "This one, please."
Booth Barker says: "Excellent choice..."
Booth Barker says: "ma'am."
Apple Bloom says: "You sure you know all the words?"
Apple Bloom says: "'Cause it took Applejack a pretty long time to get it down."
Big McIntosh says: "Did it now?"
Apple Bloom and Big McIntosh.
We all love our brothers.
And our fathers and mothers.
We honor them like every family should.
But there's somethin' that's quite unique.
When my sister's there with me.
And we share that special bond of sisterhood.
Apple Bloom.
Sisterhood.
Big McIntosh.
Sisterhood.
Apple Bloom.
Is a special kind of friend.
Sisterhood.
Big McIntosh.
Sisterhood.
Apple Bloom.
Is a bond that never ends.
Apple Bloom and Big McIntosh.
It's not always perfect.
You might fight or be misunderstood.
But together you'll always have sisterhood.
Big McIntosh.
Sisterhood.
Apple Bloom.
Sisterhood.
Big McIntosh.
Sisterhood.
Apple Bloom.
Sisterhood.
Big McIntosh.
Sisterhood.
Apple Bloom.
Sisterhood.
Big McIntosh.
Apple Bloom.
Big McIntosh says: "Just a frog in my throat, dear."
Big McIntosh says: "Probably just need to get a sip of water."
Big McIntosh says: "If you'll excuse us, we've another event in which to participate."
Big McIntosh says: "Oh, my, that certainly didn't go as I had planned."
Big McIntosh says: "But don't you worry."
Big McIntosh says: "We'll get you a blue ribbon yet, Apple Bloom."
Apple Bloom says: "You sure about that?"
Big McIntosh says: "As sure as my name is cousin Orchard Blossom."
Apple Bloom says: "But that isn't your name!"
Apple Bloom says: "C-O-U-S-I-N-S!"
Big McIntosh says: "C-O-U-S-I-N-S!"
Apple Bloom says: "Which two sis—"
Big McIntosh says: "Which two sis—"
Apple Bloom says: "uh, cousins are the best?"
Big McIntosh says: "uh, cousins are the best?"
Apple Bloom says: "We are!"
Big McIntosh says: "We are!"
Apple Bloom says: "Apple Bloom and Appleja—"
Big McIntosh says: "Apple Bloom and Appleja—"
Apple Bloom says: "I mean, Orchardjack—"
Big McIntosh says: "I mean, Orchardjack—"
Apple Bloom says: "Blossom forever!"
Big McIntosh says: "Blossom forever!"
Big McIntosh says: "Whee!"
Apple Bloom says: "Whoaaa!"
Apple Bloom says: "Yay."
Big McIntosh says: "Oh, I don't know why I didn't choose to wear something more casual."
Big McIntosh says: "Why, I knew that juggling routine like the back of my hoof!"
Big McIntosh says: "But never you mind."
Big McIntosh says: "There is still the race to be run!"
Apple Bloom says: "I really appreciate all the effort, Big Ma—"
Apple Bloom says: "cousin Orchard Blossom, but maybe we just skip the whole obstacle course thing and call it a day."
Big McIntosh says: "Why, Apple Bloom!"
Big McIntosh says: "I wouldn't hear of it!"
Big McIntosh says: "Your cousin Orchard Blossom may be many things, but she is not a quitter."
Apple Bloom says: "I'm sure she's not, but it's like Applejack said!"
Apple Bloom says: "There'll be more Sisterhooves Socials down the line, and I'm sure she'll help me get a blue ribbon next time around."
Big McIntosh says: "B-But you wanted to win it this Sisterhooves Social!"
Big McIntosh says: "And no matter what, I am gonna get you that win!"
Big McIntosh says: "Why, I simply have to."
Rainbow Dash says: "Alright, Scootaloo, remember the parts where teamwork really comes into play!"
Scootaloo says: "How could I forget?"
Scootaloo says: "We've been training all week!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay, hot stuff!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What's our move on the grape squish?"
Scootaloo says: "The alley-oop."
Rainbow Dash says: "Apple toss?"
Scootaloo says: "Flip-flop."
Rainbow Dash says: "Egg carrying?"
Scootaloo says: "Flutter-bomb."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah!"
Scootaloo says: "Yeah!"
Big McIntosh says: "Oh, dear."
Granny Smith says: "Competi-sis-tors!"
Granny Smith says: "Take your positions!"
Granny Smith says: "And a-ready, and a-set, go!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Nice jump, Scoot!"
Apple Bloom says: "Woo-hoo!"
Apple Bloom says: "Yikes!"
Apple Bloom says: "You almost squished me!"
Big McIntosh says: "Pick up those hooves, Apple Bloom!"
Big McIntosh says: "Why, you're barely movin' at a mosey!"
Big McIntosh says: "Come on, junebug, it's..."
Big McIntosh says: "like you've never carried an egg before!"
Apple Bloom says: "Argh!"
Apple Bloom says: "I'm goin' as fast as I can!"
Big McIntosh says: "Woo-hoo!"
Big McIntosh says: "victory is ours, sweet Apple Bloom!"
Big McIntosh says: "Uh-oh."
Registration Pony says: ""Uh-oh" indeed!"
Apple Bloom says: "I should've known you'd eventually get busted for bein' a stallion!"
Registration Pony says: "Oh, no, we've known all along."
Registration Pony says: "The Sisterhooves Social has always had a loose policy when it comes to what counts as a "sister"."
Registration Pony says: "But we do have a strict policy when it comes to sportsponyship!"
Registration Pony says: "In your "sister's" desperation to win, he used brute strength to physically take out the competitors."
Registration Pony says: "Uh, that kind of behavior is not just unbecoming of a lady, but quite frankly, of anypony!"
Registration Pony says: "And for that, you two are hereby disqualified!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Looks like we win, squirt!"
Scootaloo says: "Woo-hoo!"
Scootaloo says: "Yeah!"
Apple Bloom says: "I told you I should've just waited until the next Social to win with Applejack."
Apple Bloom says: "You know I'm..."
Apple Bloom says: "not mad, right?"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Apple Bloom says: "I mean..."
Apple Bloom says: "let's face it – you dressin' up as my cousin Orchard Blossom was a pretty crazy idea in the first place."
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Apple Bloom says: "And it's not like you got me disqualified from the Social forever or anythin'."
Apple Bloom says: "I can participate next time with Applejack."
Apple Bloom says: "Everything's fine."
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Apple Bloom says: "I just don't understand why you went so crazy there at the end of the race."
Apple Bloom says: "I mean, I know you like to win an' all, but..."
Apple Bloom says: "you wanna tell me what's goin' on?"
Big McIntosh says: "Nope."
Apple Bloom says: "Alright."
Apple Bloom says: "Well, it's getting late."
Apple Bloom says: "You comin'?"
Big McIntosh says: "Nope."
Apple Bloom says: "Okay."
Apple Bloom says: "See you later, I guess..."
Big McIntosh says: "Apple Bloom?"
Apple Bloom says: "Yeah?"
Big McIntosh says: "When you were little, you used to look up to me, thought I was the best thing since zap apple jam."
Big McIntosh says: "Things are different now."
Big McIntosh says: "Applejack's the hero of the Apple family, always rushin' off to save Equestria."
Big McIntosh says: "And I'm just here on the farm, doin' chores, helpin' out the way I can, nothin' special, nobody's hero."
Big McIntosh says: "I guess I just thought..."
Big McIntosh says: "oh, never mind."
Big McIntosh says: "Here I am about to start blabberin' on about my feelin's."
Big McIntosh says: "You don't wanna hear all this."
Apple Bloom says: "Yes, I do!"
Big McIntosh says: "I guess I just thought if I could..."
Big McIntosh says: "fill in for Applejack at the Social and get you a blue ribbon, well, I could be somepony you looked up to again."
Big McIntosh says: "Be your hero again."
Big McIntosh says: "Even if it was for just a day."
Big McIntosh says: "It was foolish and I'm ashamed."
Big McIntosh says: "Please, I just wanna be alone right now."
Apple Bloom says: "Yeah, well, too bad, you big goof!"
Apple Bloom says: "'Cause I'm not goin' anywhere."
Apple Bloom says: "And I know that you're always gonna be here when I need you."
Apple Bloom says: "Heck, you'll do a whole obstacle course in high heels if you think it'll help me get somethin' I want."
Apple Bloom says: "You're my big brother."
Apple Bloom says: "You've always been a hero to me, Big Mac, and you always will be."
Apple Bloom says: "I'm real sorry I haven't been lettin' you know that's how I feel."
Apple Bloom says: "Guess both of us have been holdin' back when it comes to expressin' ourselves, huh?"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Granny Smith says: "Big Mac!"
Granny Smith says: "Apple Bloom!"
Granny Smith says: "Your sister's home!"
Granny Smith says: "She says she's got quite a story to tell about her trip to Manehattan!"
Apple Bloom says: "Be there in a bit!"
Apple Bloom says: "I'm spending some quality time with my big brother!"
Apple Bloom says: "Hey, Big Mac?"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup?"
Apple Bloom says: "How do you think cousin Orchard Blossom would describe this sunset?"
Big McIntosh says: "Why, dear, I do declare this is the most beautiful sunset my eyes have ever looked upon."
Big McIntosh says: "Though sitting here on these tree roots is a trifle uncomfortable for my hindquarters."