Spike says: "Okay, Spike."
Spike says: "You know you might get distracted by the stacks of books and copious charts, so remember what to say."
Spike says: ""Twilight, I know you're in full prep mode for Trivia Trot tomorrow, but you need to get some sleep!"
Spike says: "" Huh."
Spike says: "Nice work."
Spike says: "You got this."
Spike says: "This is weird."
Spike says: "Twilight!"
Spike says: "What are you doing?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Great question, Spike!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And the answer is..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "going to bed!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Brains need eight hours of sleep to perform at optimum levels!"
Spike says: "Oh."
Spike says: "Cool."
Spike says: "I thought I'd have to force you to go to bed since tomorrow is your chance to be the first pony to win Ponyville Trivia three times in a row."
Spike says: "That is tomorrow, right?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The answer is..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "yes!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ask me another one."
Spike says: "Another what?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Another question!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I want to stay in the zone."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That way, I can sleep in the zone!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wake up in the zone!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And be totally in the zone tomorrow!"
Spike says: "Uh, this is a whole new level of "Twilight-ing", isn't it?"
Spike says: "Heh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The answer is..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "yes!"
Spike says: "Are you okay?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The answer is..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "yes!"
Spike says: "Well, good night, Twilight."
Spike says: "Good luck with your brain sleep and getting that third win."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The answer is..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "good night!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And yes!"
Spike says: "That wasn't a question."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm glad you decided to come watch your first Trivia Trot, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I hope the rules aren't too confusing."
Spike says: "Rules?"
Spike says: "Isn't trivia just asking questions and answering them?"
Twilight Sparkle says: ""Categories."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rule one: Each category must be categorically designated and thoroughly researched in all categorical..."
Twilight Sparkle says: ""..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "participating in Trivia Trot."
Twilight Sparkle says: "" And that wraps up rule forty-one point six."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Of course, the exception to that – rule forty-one point six A – is interesting itself because—"
Spike says: "Oh, look!"
Spike says: "We're here!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ooh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't wait to see who my partner's gonna be!"
Spike says: "You don't get to pick your own team?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rule twenty point one six B, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "To keep things fair, the teams are randomly selected."
Spike says: "Twenty point one six B."
Spike says: "How could I forget?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And based on the regular attendees, I've charted every potential teammate's strengths and weaknesses, plus my percentage of winning with each one!"
Spike says: "Ha!"
Spike says: "I knew there'd be a chart!"
Spike says: "Glad I'm just watching."
Spike says: "I don't think I could handle being your teammate."
Spike says: "What if I let you down?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You could never let me down, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I'm glad you're watching, too."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm going to need all the support I can get for win number three!"
Applejack says: "Well, well, well, if it ain't our reignin' champ."
Applejack says: "Think you can win again this week, Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everypony here has a different area of expertise, so it really is anypony's game."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But yes!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Then you better hope you get paired with me, because I am gonna rule this game!"
Sunburst says: "We'll just see about that!"
Sunburst says: "I didn't come all the way from the Crystal Empire to lose."
Sunburst says: "And I hope you realize I have the highest percentage of correct answers, and I aim to keep it that way."
Rainbow Dash says: "I hope you realize not every category is gonna be "Spells So Old, Not Even Star Swirl the Bearded Remembers Them"."
Fluttershy says: "I hope there's one on fur maintenance for adorable creatures, because I've been 'brushing up'."
Mudbriar says: "Technically, that was a category last week."
Maud Pie says: "It won't be in the game tonight."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rule thirty-seven point two C."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No back-to-back categories."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I think Fluttershy was joking."
Pinkie Pie says: "Sure sounded like a joke to me!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Woo-hoo!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie Pie?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Present!"
Spike says: "What's wrong, Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I hadn't anticipated Pinkie Pie as a potential player!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "She's never played before!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "My chart is completely off!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I have no way to predict what'll happen, and unpredictable is not good for a Trivia Trot three-peat!"
Spike says: "Do I have to do that thing where I list all your successes as Princess of Friendship to put things into perspective and remind you this is just a game?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This has nothing to do with being the Princess of Friendship!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And this is not just a game!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Is!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Trivia Trot!"
Granny Smith says: "Okay, settle down, everypony."
Granny Smith says: "I'm fixin' to pick these here teams."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's starting!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I have to reevaluate my chart!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike, I need you to find the part on matchups!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Can you look outside?"
Spike says: "What'd I miss?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Granny's about to call out the fifth team."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sunburst gave me the highest chance of winning, but he's been paired with Cranky Doodle!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "What?"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Who's that?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "At least Rainbow Dash and Applejack aren't together."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Team Apple-Dash is basically unstoppable."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And apart they'll spend all their energy trying to one-up each other, so that only helps my chances."
Bulk Biceps says: "Let's do this!"
Bulk Biceps says: "Yeah!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Eh, not every team is a threat, but there aren't many ponies left."
Granny Smith says: "All righty, hold on to your horseshoes, 'cause the next pair of players is..."
Granny Smith says: "Maud and Mudbriar!"
Spike says: "What's wrong?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maud and Mudbriar have been paired together every week."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's a statistical improbability!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Which would be fine if they weren't so good."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, no!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "According to my calculations, the only pony who could really threaten my winning streak is..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Granny Smith says: "And our final pair of contestants for this week's Trivia Trot is..."
Granny Smith says: "Twilight and Pinkie Pie!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Twilight!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's you and me!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Isn't that great?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yeah."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Great."
Spike says: "So, I'm guessing the one pony who could mess up your winning streak is Pinkie?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Twilight!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I can't believe we're partners for a game!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I love games!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And I'm super duper excited for this game because it'll be my first time ever playing, and I get to play with you, which makes it even funner!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Twilight and Pinkie Pie forever!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "We could be Team Twinkie!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie, I'm glad you're excited, but tonight's game is special."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I could be the first pony ever to win three consecutive Trots in a row."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And I'm really hoping I do."
Pinkie Pie says: "You don't have anything to worry about."
Pinkie Pie says: "I'll do everything I can to be the bestest and most funnest teammate ever."
Spike says: "So..."
Spike says: "still think you can win?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know I can."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie might not be the partner I expected, but I can coach her along."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And besides, I'm pretty good at this game."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If she misses a few, I'm sure I can pick up the slack."
Pinkie Pie says: "Let's get this party started!"
Granny Smith says: "Now, the first order of business is we need somepony to keep score."
Spike says: "I'll do it!"
Applejack says: "I'm not sure you wanna take that job, Spike."
Applejack says: "The score-keepin' can get a mite intense."
Sunburst says: "Yeah."
Sunburst says: "Starlight used to do it, but now..."
Sunburst says: "Well, I can't even say the word "trivia" around her."
Granny Smith says: "Apple mash."
Granny Smith says: "Don't let them scare ya."
Granny Smith says: "You'll be fine."
Granny Smith says: "Now, let the games begin!"
Get ready to get squashed! Hey, don't copy me!
Get ready to get squished! Hey, don't copy me!
Granny Smith says: "The first category is "Literary Figures"."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ooh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "A category about books!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're off to a great start!"
Granny Smith says: "Who is the pony that despises the holiday season in the old classic A Hearth's Warmin' Tale?"
Pinkie Pie says: "The answer is nopony!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Because everypony ends up loving the holiday with singing, festive cakes, and thoughtful presents!"
Granny Smith says: "Well, as much as that ain't exactly wrong, it ain't exactly right neither."
Spike says: "Just doing my job, Twilight."
Pinkie Pie says: "Sorry."
Pinkie Pie says: "I didn't know we could have negative points."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's fine, Pinkie."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But maybe it'll help our chances if I coach you as we go."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Tip one – try sitting still."
Pinkie Pie says: "Can do, Coach Twilight—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And don't get distracted."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Or be distracting."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, and remember to listen carefully."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Also, it's best to keep quiet between questions."
Pinkie Pie says: "Got it."
Granny Smith says: "Which topographical locale used to be a cavern, but after thousands of years of erosion, is now a gorge?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Maud Pie says: "The answer is the Ghastly Gorge."
Granny Smith says: "That is one hundred percent correct!"
Granny Smith says: "The next category is "Apples"!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Rigged!"
Applejack says: "I didn't hear you complain when the category was "Wonderbolt History"."
Rainbow Dash says: "But..."
Rainbow Dash says: "that-that's totally different!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, Pinkie."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Remember, the category is "Apples"."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Keep your mind on apples."
Pinkie Pie says: "Apples, apples, apples, apples..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh, and oranges."
Pinkie Pie says: "And grapes!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And strawberries."
Pinkie Pie says: "Strawberry cupcakes!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm hungry."
Granny Smith says: "Which variety of apple only blooms for five days?"
Applejack says: "Now, why would I choke on a question about apples?"
Applejack says: "Uh..."
Applejack says: "What was the question again?"
Granny Smith says: "You kiddin' me?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come on, Pinkie, you know this one."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Mysterious apples?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Only around for five days?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Quiet down there."
Pinkie Pie says: "Pretty sure there's a rule against tummies ringing in."
Fluttershy says: "Um, I'm just guessing, but is it zap apples?"
Granny Smith says: "Finally!"
Granny Smith says: "Yes, Fluttershy, it is."
Granny Smith says: "At least somepony here knows her apples."
Bulk Biceps says: "Yeah!"
Spike says: "One minute left in the refreshment/bathroom break—"
Spike says: "!"
Spike says: "Aah!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't think I can coach Pinkie well enough for us to get my three-peat!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't want her to feel bad!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "She's trying so hard, but I might have to start answering everything myself!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Look, Twilight!"
Pinkie Pie says: "No more belly growl interruptions for Team Twi-Pie!"
Spike says: "Maybe instead of focusing on Pinkie, you should just focus on how you're playing."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Or..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I should look at how everypony else is playing."
Granny Smith says: "Hope you're all in your seats 'cause the break is over, and it is time for more questions."
Granny Smith says: "Let me see, uh..."
Granny Smith says: "How do you say "reward" in Olde Ponish?"
Sunburst says: ""Reward" in Olde Ponish is "hliet"."
Granny Smith says: "Correct!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sleeping!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sunburst's partner is sleeping."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And according to rule fifty-seven point six, sleeping on the table is subject to dis-qual-i-fi-ca-tion!"
Granny Smith says: "Oh, looky here."
Granny Smith says: "That's an actual rule."
Granny Smith says: "Cranky is disqualified."
Granny Smith says: "I'm sorry, Sunburst."
Granny Smith says: "Without your teammate, you can't play neither."
Sunburst says: "Aw, fine!"
Sunburst says: "But I'm counting that as a correct answer!"
Sunburst says: "Can't even stay awake for five minutes..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Don't worry, Pinkie."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're not out of this game yet."
Fluttershy says: "Is the answer carrots?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ah!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rule thirteen point two!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No help from pets!"
Applejack says: "Nyah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Nyah!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rule seventy-two point eight!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No sticking tongues out at opponents!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Motion to establish new rule!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No expressionless contestants!"
Granny Smith says: "Nice try."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fine."
Granny Smith says: "The next category is..."
Granny Smith says: ""Cupcakes"!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Twilight!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I know all about those!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You have to let me help!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why, that sounds perfect, Pinkie, but..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ooh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Isn't that a confetti appreciation parade I see?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Where?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Granny Smith says: "What flavor cupcakes did Princess Celestia order for Princess Luna's surprise birthday party last year?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Wait, what?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Double midnight chocolate fudge with chili pepper frosting!"
Granny Smith says: "Correct!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hey!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I knew that!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I made those cupcakes!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sorry, Pinkie."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But you were looking at the parade, and I didn't want our team to miss out on the point."
Pinkie Pie says: "I guess that makes sense, but which way did that confetti parade go anyway?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "1547 Pony B."
Twilight Sparkle says: "E."
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Vanhoover!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Cutie Pox!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Bananaaaaas!"
Granny Smith says: "The category is "Sticks and Stones"."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know anything about those!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's not any kind of category!"
Mudbriar says: "Technically, it's a kind of category where we know the answers and you don't."
Pinkie Pie says: "Don't worry, fellow Twi-Pie."
Pinkie Pie says: "I grew up on a rock farm."
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm sure I know some of these."
Granny Smith says: "What kind of stone can be used to start a fire?"
Pinkie Pie says: "The black one!"
Maud Pie says: "The answer is flint."
Pinkie Pie says: "Yeah, that one!"
Pinkie Pie says: "We both get points, right?"
Sunburst says: "Sorry, Pinkie."
Sunburst says: "Rule four – answers must be specific and exact."
Sunburst says: "I'd help you if I could."
Sunburst says: "I know this category pretty well."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Gee, Pinkie!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I forgot the name of that famous rock in Griffonstone."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Could you ask Maud?"
Pinkie Pie says: "You got it!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hey, Maud!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What's the name of the famous rock in Griffonstone?"
Maud Pie says: "Pinkie, you can't ask me that."
Pinkie Pie says: "Sure I can."
Pinkie Pie says: "I just did."
Pinkie Pie says: "What?"
Granny Smith says: "You can't go and ask another player about rocks when that's the category."
Granny Smith says: "It's in the rulebook."
Granny Smith says: "Where's..."
Granny Smith says: "Sorry, Pinkie, but you're disqualified."
Pinkie Pie says: "What?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I-I can't believe I'm disqualified!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sorry, Pinkie."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Guess I forgot about that rule."
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, no!"
Pinkie Pie says: "If I'm out, you don't have a partner!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You won't be able to get your third win!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Actually, since there's another player who has also had his teammate disqualified..."
Sunburst says: "Rule nineteen point seven B, whereby players whose teammates were disqualified may form a new team."
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh."
Pinkie Pie says: "Okay."
Pinkie Pie says: "Um, I'll just cheer you on from..."
Pinkie Pie says: "over there."
Granny Smith says: "The next category is "Ancient Legends"."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, we're gonna crush this round!"
Sunburst says: "I don't know, Twilight."
Sunburst says: "You seem out of the zone today."
Sunburst says: "But don't worry."
Sunburst says: "I can pick up the slack."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I am the reigning Trot champ!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "If there's any slack that needs picking, I'll be the up!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I mean, wait..."
Sunburst says: "I'm just saying you seem a little frazzled, and I do have a correct answer percentage to maintain."
Granny Smith says: "Who traveled to Equestria from a distant land seeking to steal the magic from its pony inhabitants?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That would be Lord Tirek!"
Mudbriar says: "Technically, that answer is incomplete."
Mudbriar says: "The answer is Lord Tirek and Scorpan."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But Scorpan tried to convince Tirek not to do it, so technically he wasn't part of it, even if he started out—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Never mind."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Look, Sunburst."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I realize I may have been a little off earlier, but I'm really good at this game."
Granny Smith says: "How many holes are there in Daring Do's hat?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Twenty!"
Granny Smith says: "Correct!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ha!"
Sunburst says: "Twilight, I knew that one!"
Sunburst says: "You just cost us a point and the correct answer I needed to boost my percentage!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, I knew it, too."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're not the only pony to ever read a book, you know?"
Sunburst says: "You're right, Twilight."
Sunburst says: "I'm sorry."
Sunburst says: "But now that I think about it, I'm not so sure about Dash's answer."
Sunburst says: "Could you do a quick fact check?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, I know it's twenty."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But if you want proof..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wait!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "According to rule eighteen point three, I can't check outside reference material."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you trying to get me disqualified?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What kind of pony would do that to their own teammate?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Sunburst says: "You're right, Twilight."
Sunburst says: "I don't know what got into me."
Sunburst says: "I was so focused on my correct answers, I wasn't thinking straight."
Sunburst says: "Can you forgive me?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's okay, Sunburst."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I understand."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And I have a teammate of my own to apologize to."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Lucky for you, Cranky's awake."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And according to rule fifty-seven point six B..."
Sunburst says: "Players previously disqualified for sleeping may rejoin the game."
Sunburst says: "Provided they're well-rested."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Where am I?"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "What time is it?"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Where are my morning haycakes?!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie, you were the best teammate I could ask for, but I let wanting to win keep me from seeing that."
Pinkie Pie says: "I knew you wanted to win, but I probably could have helped a little."
Pinkie Pie says: "And even if I couldn't..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "we still could've had fun."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm so sorry for not realizing it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I got so obsessed with one thing, I forgot what really mattered."
Pinkie Pie says: "No!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That doesn't sound like you at all!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, win or lose, nothing is more important than my friend."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Or my team."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Twi-Pie forever?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I-I don't know."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I understand."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I guess even the Princess of Friendship can mess things up with her friends."
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, it's not that."
Pinkie Pie says: "It's  just that I already changed it to Team Twi-Burst, and now I guess I should change it to Sun-Doodle?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Actually, I have a better idea."
Twilight Sparkle says: "According to rule thirteen point two, players can join the game at any time, provided they start from zero."
Pinkie Pie says: "Wow."
Pinkie Pie says: "These rules are really convoluted."
Pinkie Pie says: "But doesn't starting from zero mean we'll lose?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, our chances aren't good, but the odds of having fun on Team Twi-Pie are one hundred percent!"
Granny Smith says: "What is the name of the Ponyville Day Spa's most popular candle?"
Candlelicious Melty Wax!
Competitive Library Musk!
Granny Smith says: "Uh..."
Granny Smith says: "no."