Apple Bloom says: "Just one more time?"
Apple Bloom says: "Please?"
Applejack says: "Alright, but this is the last one."
Apple Bloom says: "Woo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!"
Apple Bloom says: "Woooo!"
Granny Smith says: "Who done that?!"
Granny Smith says: "!"
Apple Bloom says: "Sure wish you'd come swim with us, Granny."
Granny Smith says: "Uh, sorry, dear."
Granny Smith says: "I just can't bring myself anywhere near that there swimmin' hole."
Apple Bloom says: "How come?"
Granny Smith says: "Well, I wasn't always this way..."
Granny Smith says: "Time was, I was an aquapony all-star!"
Granny Smith says: "In fact, I was the only Apple to ever come close to breaking the Equestria high-diving record!"
Granny Smith says: "Falling six stories into a deep dish pie pan takes a toll on the hindquarters."
Granny Smith says: "Oh, I was so sore, took years before I could even look at the water again!"
Granny Smith says: "Just the idea of swimmin' makes my whole body ache!"
Granny Smith says: "Besides, these old legs can't even paddle fast enough to stay afloat."
Apple Bloom says: "Boy, I sure would hate to be afraid of swimmin'."
Apple Bloom says: "You think I'll ever be scared of the water?"
Jaws-theme BGM.
Apple Bloom says: "Aah!"
Big McIntosh says: "Nope."
Apple Bloom says: "Wow, Granny."
Apple Bloom says: "I can't believe you were a high diver!"
Granny Smith says: "The best one in Ponyville!"
Apple Bloom says: "Do you think I could be a high diver?"
Big McIntosh says: "Nope."
Applejack says: "Absolutely not."
Granny Smith says: "Now you hold your horsefeathers, little seed!"
Granny Smith says: "I never said bein' a high diver was a smart decision!"
Granny Smith says: "It's incredibly dangerous!"
Granny Smith says: "But nothin'!"
Granny Smith says: "It is the riskiest, scariest, darn-fool thing I ever did do!"
Granny Smith says: "That's not to say I didn't wish I was still young and spry and confident, but let's leave the flyin' through the air to the Pegasi."
Apple Bloom says: "Wow, when you put it that way, it doesn't sound so fun."
Applejack says: "Wow."
Applejack says: "I wonder where everypony's headed."
Applejack says: "Now where in Ponyville do you two think you're goin'?"
Granny Smith says: "Aw, quit bein' such a worry-worm and follow your ears!"
Apple Bloom says: "Come on, Applejack, aren't you curious?"
Flim says: "Thank you, one and all, for your attendance, and we guarantee that your time here will not be spent in vain!"
Flam says: "In fact, we think it will prove to be the most valuable time you've ever spent!"
Applejack says: "The Flim Flam Brothers!"
Applejack says: "This should be interestin'."
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Flim says: "Welcome, one and all, to the demonstration of a lifetime!"
Flam says: "A demonstration of a better life!"
Flim says: "A demonstration of a better time!"
Flim says: "And if we haven't captured your interest just yet, by the time we've finished, an unfortunate phenomenon practically guarantees that we will!"
Flam says: "A phenomenon?"
Flam says: "What's that?"
There's ailments all around us in everything we touch and see.
Flam.
A sickness that lies waiting there in every breath you breathe.
Flim.
Disease will up and grab you as it crawls from land and sea.
Flam.
It's amazing how infected that the natural world and all its things can be.
Flim says: "Now I understand that some of you don't think you're sick."
Flam says: "But twisted hooves and aching joints don't heal all that quick."
Flim says: "Consider just how dangerous this world is!"
Flim says: "You might..."
Flam.
Slip and fall, break or sprain something here tonight.
Flim and Flam.
But luckily for you, we've got the thing you need.
And it's easier when all you need's the cure.
The Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic.
Is just what the doctor ordered, I'm sure.
Flim says: "Now I know our claims seem fantastical."
Flam says: "Impractical."
Flim says: "Improbable."
Flam says: "Impossible."
Flim says: "And magical!"
Flam says: "And magical!"
Flim says: "So we welcome every suffering pony to make their way up to the stage."
Flam says: "Now don't crowd."
Flim says: "And we'll prove our tonic's effectiveness before your very eyes."
Flam says: "You there!"
Flam says: "Come up here, good sir."
Flim says: "I'll wager you're tired of those crutches, my friend."
Flam says: "Try taking a sip of this!"
Flim and Flam.
That's why you're so lucky we've got the thing for you.
Just come on up, we've always got some more.
Of the Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic.
Silver Shill.
I won't need these crutches to dance out the door.
Granny Smith says: "Now how do ya like that?"
Applejack says: "I don't."
Applejack says: "There's somethin' funny about this whole thing."
Flim.
Now some of you may suffer from feelings of despair.
You're old, you're tired, your legs won't work, there's graying in your hair.
Flam.
Just listen and I'll tell you that you don't need to fear.
Your ears will work, your muscles tone, your eyes will see so clear.
Crowd.
Luckily for us, you've got the thing we need.
The answer to our problems in a jar.
The Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic.
Is the greatest ever miracle by far!
Tonic... tonic... tonic...
Flim says: "It cures the reins, the spurs, and the Clydesdale fur blight."
Flam says: "Hooferia and horsentery cured in just a night."
Flim says: "You've got swollen hooves and hindquarters or terrible bridle-bit cleft."
Flam says: "Saunter sitz and gallop plop will give your tail some heft."
Flim says: "Mane loss, hay fever, or terrible tonsillitis."
Flam says: "You heard it here, folks -- this is the only place in all of Equestria you'll find it!"
Flim.
It can make you shorter, taller, or even grow old.
Flam.
But who'd want that?
Flim.
When with one drink.
Flim and Flam.
You can be young again–.
Granny Smith says: "SOLD!"
Flim says: "Congratulations, Granny Smith!"
Flim says: "You just made the purchase of a lifetime!"
Applejack says: "Are you as worried as I am?"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Apple Bloom says: "Boy, I just can't believe all the things that Flim Flam Tonic can do!"
Applejack says: "When somepony says somethin's too good to be true, it usually is."
Apple Bloom says: "You mean Granny wasted her money?"
Applejack says: "Well, I don't know about that, but I don't think there's a tonic in Equestria that can make an old pony young again."
Granny Smith says: "Howdy!"
Apple Bloom says: "Granny?!"
Apple Bloom says: "!"
Applejack says: "Hang on now!"
Applejack says: "We'll get ya!"
Apple Bloom says: "Granny, I thought you were too afraid of the water to swim!"
Apple Bloom says: "And, and what about your hip?!"
Apple Bloom says: "!"
Granny Smith says: "Well, I reckon it might have been a problem before I had myself a dose of that there Flim Flam Tonic!"
Applejack says: "I'm not so sure that tonic really does anythin'."
Granny Smith says: "Doesn't do anythin'?!"
Granny Smith says: "!"
Granny Smith says: "What d'you call this?"
Applejack says: "I'm glad you're feelin' good, but how do you know it's from the tonic?"
Granny Smith says: "I looked out at the water this mornin' and I felt the same terrifyin' aches and pains I always do."
Granny Smith says: "But one sip of that magic elixir and it all went away!"
Granny Smith says: "Why, I might even get a head start on my chores!"
Granny Smith says: "What do you say, Big Mac-a-doo?"
Granny Smith says: "Up for a little afternoon applebuckin'?"
Big McIntosh says: "Uh, no."
Granny Smith says: "Oh, quit your bellyachin'!"
Apple Bloom says: "Gee, it looks like that tonic works after all!"
Apple Bloom says: "I wonder what's in it."
Applejack says: "I think maybe it's time we found out."
Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic in background.
Apple Bloom says: "So you're just gonna walk up and ask them how it works?"
Applejack says: "I guess."
Applejack says: "Though if it's a genuine cure, I don't suppose they'll be too keen on sharin' the recipe."
Silver Shill.
Apple Bloom says: "Wait a second!"
Apple Bloom says: "That's that same pony from before!"
Applejack says: "Hey!"
Applejack says: "Now hold it right there, Mister..."
Applejack says: "?"
Silver Shill says: "Shill."
Silver Shill says: "Silver Shill."
Silver Shill says: "Ooh, what do you two want?"
Applejack says: "Our Granny took some tonic and we want to know how it works."
Apple Bloom says: "Granny couldn't swim before, and now she can."
Apple Bloom says: "Just like you couldn't walk and now you can."
Apple Bloom says: "But what are you doin' back here?"
Apple Bloom says: "I mean, if the tonic cured you and all..."
Applejack says: "..."
Applejack says: "Because he's part of the act!"
Applejack says: "It's time for you to tell the truth!"
Applejack says: "You never needed crutches at all, did ya?"
Silver Shill says: "I, uh..."
Applejack says: "Hey!"
Applejack says: "Huh?"
Flim says: "Well, if it isn't our most favorite Apple!"
Flam says: "What brings you back to our humble abode?"
Applejack says: "You two charlatans sold my Granny a bottle of tonic, and now she's off actin' like a filly again."
Flim says: "What's so bad about that?"
Applejack says: "If she keeps gallavantin' around like a yearlin', she's apt to drop from exhaustion or worse!"
Applejack says: "What's more, I know for a fact that your friend here is dressin' up as a different pony every night so he can pretend to be cured!"
Flam says: "Well, well, well, that's quite an accusation."
Flim says: "But let's say that it's true..."
Flam says: "Hypothetically..."
Flim says: "Theoretically..."
Flam says: "As I understand, your Granny was a famous aquapony."
Flim says: "The star of the show, once upon a time."
Flam says: "But hasn't set so much as a hoof in the water since."
Applejack says: "Until today, that's right."
Flim says: "Well, then even if our tonic were nothing more than a mixture of apple juice and beet leaves..."
Flam says: "Hypothetically..."
Flim says: "Theoretically..."
Flam says: "The fact is that Granny is happier now than before she tried it."
Applejack says: "I guess..."
Flim says: "So, the question is..."
Flam says: "Do you really want to be the pony who takes all that happiness away?"
Applejack says: "I..."
Apple Bloom says: "There you are!"
Apple Bloom says: "I've been lookin' all over!"
Apple Bloom says: "Did you find out what's in the tonic?"
Applejack says: "Honestly, Apple Bloom..."
Applejack says: "as long as it works, I..."
Applejack says: "don't suppose it really matters."
Apple Bloom says: "Well, if it doesn't matter to you, then it doesn't matter to me either, sis."
Flim says: "That's the spirit!"
Flam says: "Come back anytime!"
Apple Bloom says: "Hey, Granny!"
Apple Bloom says: "Think you can buck me over the water?"
Granny Smith says: "I don't see why not!"
Granny Smith says: "Come on, Big Mac, toss her this way!"
Applejack says: "Granny, wait!"
Granny Smith says: "Woo-hoo-hoo!"
Granny Smith says: "Uh, what were you sayin', dear?"
Applejack says: "Granny, don't you think you should take it kinda easy?"
Granny Smith says: "I've been takin' it easy for too long!"
Granny Smith says: "And now, thanks to that Flim Flam Tonic, I don't have to!"
Apple Bloom says: "Granny, you think I could be an aquapony like you?"
Granny Smith says: "Of course you can, sapling."
Granny Smith says: "There's nothin' to it but to do it!"
Apple Bloom says: "Well, the Ponyville swim meet is comin' up."
Apple Bloom says: "We could enter together!"
Apple Bloom says: "A legendary water pony like you?"
Apple Bloom says: "We'd be a cinch to win!"
Granny Smith says: "Mm, ee, uh, I don't know..."
Granny Smith says: "Bein' back in the water is one thing, but a competition is a pony of a different color."
Apple Bloom says: "Oh."
Apple Bloom says: "Okay."
Applejack says: "I don't know, Granny."
Applejack says: "A swim meet sounds pretty safe."
Applejack says: "And after all, if that tonic lets you swim in a river and a swimmin' hole, a pool should be no problem at all."
Granny Smith says: "Well, I'll be a tart turnover, you are right!"
Granny Smith says: "All we need now is more tonic!"
Flam says: "Welcome, friends, and step right up!"
Flam says: "The next show starts in five minutes!"
Flim says: "But why not buy your tonic now and avoid the rush?"
Flam says: "Right this way, good sir!"
Granny Smith says: "We'll take the whole case!"
"Jinx" says: "Are you saying this stuff actually works?"
Applejack says: "It seems to work for Granny."
Flim says: "You heard it here first, folks!"
Flim says: "Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic is Granny Smith-tested and Applejack-approved!"
"Jinx" says: "If Applejack says it works, that's good enough for me!"
Apple Bloom says: "Hoo-ha, hee-hee, ha-hoo-ha!"
Granny Smith says: "Hoo-ha, hee-hee, ha-hoo-ha!"
Applejack says: "Just remember, you two."
Applejack says: "The most important thing is to be safe and have fun, right?"
Granny Smith says: "Fiddlesticks!"
Granny Smith says: "With the routine we've been workin' on, I'll be a plum puddin' if we don't win this thing!"
Applejack says: "Uh..."
Applejack says: "good luck, then!"
Granny Smith says: "Luck?"
Granny Smith says: "Pfft, who needs luck?"
Granny Smith says: "We got tonic on our side!"
Flam says: "Flim Flam's Magical Curative Tonic!"
Flim says: "Get your Applejack-approved tonic!"
Flim says: "Granny Smith drinks it – why shouldn't you?"
Applejack says: "Right."
Granny Smith says: "Now, if'n you'll excuse us, we got some swimmin' to do!"
Applejack says: "Well, I'll be..."
Snappy Scoop says: "That was some of the most amazing aquabatics I've ever seen!"
Snappy Scoop says: "How in Equestria did you do it?"
Snappy Scoop says: "Hard work?"
Snappy Scoop says: "Lots of practice?"
Granny Smith says: "Yeah, but mostly it's the tonic!"
Flim says: "That's Flim Flam Miracle Curative Tonic, to be precise."
Flam says: "Buy it now while supplies last."
Applejack says: "What are you doin' here?"
Silver Shill says: "Oh, things are going so well, Flim and Flam gave me a promotion!"
Silver Shill says: "Just made my first bit as a salespony."
Silver Shill says: "No more costumes for this pony."
Silver Shill says: "This is more of a uniform."
Applejack says: "If you say so."
Silver Shill says: "I used to wonder if I was doing the right thing."
Silver Shill says: "You know, pretending to be cured, basically lying to folks about this tonic."
Silver Shill says: "But thanks to you, I realized that sometimes honesty isn't the best policy."
Applejack says: "Thanks to..."
Applejack says: "me?"
Apple Bloom says: "With Flim Flam's magical Curative Tonic, my Granny can do anything!"
Apple Bloom says: "Just ask Applejack!"
Applejack says: "No!"
Applejack says: "This has gotta stop!"
Applejack says: "If ponies keep believin' that tonic can do things it can't, who knows what'll happen?"
Silver Shill says: "Maybe something like that?"
Applejack says: "Granny!"
Applejack says: "What in blazes does she think she's doin'?!"
Applejack says: "!"
Apple Bloom says: "Granny's gonna break the Equestria high divin' record!"
Applejack says: "Land sakes!"
Granny Smith says: "Now what in tarnation did you do that for?!"
Granny Smith says: "!"
Applejack says: "That was the most fool-pony thing I've ever seen anypony do in all my life!"
Applejack says: "You can't do a dive like that!"
Granny Smith says: "Oh, quit your fussin'!"
Granny Smith says: "I had enough tonic to do a dive ten times as high!"
Flim says: "Twenty times, by my count."
Flam says: "Thirty, with a favorable breeze."
Applejack says: "I hate to disappoint everypony, but there's no way Granny could have made that dive, because this tonic is a fake!"
"Jinx" says: "But you gave it your stamp of approval!"
Rainbowshine says: "Are you saying you lied?"
Applejack says: "..."
Applejack says: "I am."
Applejack says: "I didn't mean to!"
Applejack says: "But everypony seemed so much happier, I couldn't bring myself to tell you when I found out the tonic wasn't real."
Applejack says: "I know it was wrong."
Applejack says: "I just hope, with time, I can win back everypony's trust."
Apple Bloom says: "But if the tonic is a fake, then how come Granny can swim again, and what about all that aquabatics stuff we just did?"
Applejack says: "I reckon sometimes you can forget what you're capable of, and it just takes a little extra confidence to remember that it was inside of you all along."
Applejack says: "But tellin' ponies your tonic can do things it can't is just wrong!"
Flim says: "But you just said it boosts confidence!"
Silver Shill says: "Yes, it is!"
Silver Shill says: "In fact, it's not a tonic at all!"
Silver Shill says: "I know, 'cause I helped make it!"
Silver Shill says: "Watching Applejack save Granny and then admit to lying, well, that made me realize I was making ponies believe in a thing that just wasn't so!"
Applejack says: "Believin' in somethin' can help you do amazin' things."
Applejack says: "But if that belief is based on a lie, eventually it's gonna lead to real trouble."
Silver Shill says: "Thank you, Applejack."
Silver Shill says: "I got this through dishonest means."
Silver Shill says: "That was a mistake I won't be making again!"
Silver Shill says: "I'd like you to have it, as a reminder of how you helped me finally see the truth."
Applejack says: "I don't know..."
Silver Shill says: "Oh, don't worry."
Silver Shill says: "I'll track down the pony I sold that worthless tonic to and give him another bit to replace this one!"
Silver Shill says: "Honest."
Applejack says: "I'm sorry, Granny."
Applejack says: "I hope this doesn't mean you'll stop swimmin'."
Granny Smith says: "Why in tarnation would I do that?"
Granny Smith says: "I just can't believe those two salesponies had me believin' I could near fly!"
Granny Smith says: "Hey, where'd they go?"
Applejack says: "Bein' honest sure gets hard when it seems like the truth might hurt somepony you care about."
Applejack says: "But I think believin' a lie can end up hurtin' even more."
Applejack says: "Maybe some ponies don't care about that – but I sure ain't one of them."
Applejack says: "Now you take it easy there, Granny!"
Granny Smith says: "Oh, I plan to!"
Granny Smith says: "Hoo, ha, ha-whee!"