Starlight Glimmer says: "Hey, Spike."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What's up?"
Spike says: "Just, uh, wanted to make sure you're ready for your big ceremony today."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Yep!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Wow, I still can't believe my friends and I are getting medals..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Shhh!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "of honor."
Spike says: "Are you kidding?"
Spike says: "You totally deserve it!"
Spike says: "After all, you..."
Spike says: "saved Equestria from..."
Spike says: "Queen Chrysalis!"
Spike says: "With the help of Trixie and Thorax and Discord and..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Uh, yeah."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I know what happened."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I was kinda there."
Spike says: "Uh, right."
Spike says: "Uh, so..."
Spike says: "what are you wearin'?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Not sure."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Why?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Am I supposed to dress up?"
Spike says: "No!"
Spike says: "I-I mean, you could."
Spike says: "It's like Rarity always says..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What are you looking at?"
Spike says: "No, don't look!"
Spike says: "'Cause there was a spider there, but it's, uh, gone now, so, uh..."
Spike says: "thanks, Starlight!"
Spike says: "Byeeee!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Huh?"
Spike says: "Ha-ha!"
Spike says: "She had no idea."
Spike says: "We're a good team, Sparkle!"
Twilight Sparkle says: ""Sparkle"?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yeah, we are."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So do you think she'll like it?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I want this present to say, "I'm so proud of you both as a mentor and a friend."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Equestria is safer thanks to you."
Spike says: "Oh."
Spike says: "I thought you were getting her a mirror like yours."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I am."
Spike says: "Uh, maybe you should get her a card 'cause I don't think the mirror will say all that."
Spike says: "But I think she'll like it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's just what her room needs."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The first thing she'll see when she wakes up is herself surrounded by all her friends."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I plan on giving it to her after the ceremony."
Spike says: "Yeah, about that."
Spike says: "Don't you need to get the castle ready for the celebration?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nah."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie Pie's got that covered."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hmmm."
Pinkie Pie says: "Phew!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Starlight, Trixie, Thorax, and Discord were brave in the face of danger, resourceful when things got challenging, and proved that the bonds of friendship, no matter how unlikely, are stronger than any adversity."
Twilight Sparkle says: "By stopping Queen Chrysalis, not only did they save Equestria; they set the changelings free from her reign."
Discord says: "Go, Discord!"
Discord says: "Yahoo!"
Princess Celestia says: "And that's why we're proud and honored to give them the Equestrian Pink Hearts of Courage!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yeah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh."
Pinkie Pie says: "Uh, no."
Pinkie Pie says: "Not quite."
Pinkie Pie says: "Uh..."
Pinkie Pie says: "all right."
Pinkie Pie says: "There it is!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yay!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We are so proud of you all!"
Trixie says: "It was the Great and Powerful Trrrrixie's pleasure to save you from your imminent doom."
Discord says: "Yes, because you did it all by yourself."
Sunburst says: "I can't believe you managed to do it without magic."
Changeling says: "It was amazing!"
Changeling says: "No one's ever stood up to Chrysalis like that!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, I just did what anypony would have done."
Princess Celestia says: "It's a wonderful feeling, isn't it?"
Princess Celestia says: "Watching your student shine the way you always knew they could."
Twilight Sparkle says: "My cheeks are sore!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't think I've ever smiled this much in my life!"
Princess Celestia says: "I can only imagine what that feels like."
Discord says: "Yes, Starlight is student of the year, isn't she?"
Discord says: "She has so much potential."
Discord says: "So, what are we going to do with her?"
Discord says: "And by "we", I definitely mean "you"."
Discord says: "Being her mentor and all that, her destiny falls squarely on your haunches."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, don't you worry."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've planned enough friendship lessons to cover the next three years."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What's so funny?"
Discord says: "No, no."
Discord says: "Clearly, Starlight is beyond basic friendship lessons."
Discord says: "She just won a medal, for Equestria's sake."
Discord says: "I thought you were joking."
Discord says: "You are joking, right?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Of course I was."
Discord says: "Obviously, you should have a grand master plan for her, the same way Celestia set you on the path that eventually made you a princess."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yep."
Discord says: "Oh, good."
Discord says: "I'm sure she can't wait to hear all about it."
Starlight Glimmer says: "So how's the whole ruling-a-kingdom thing going?"
Thorax says: "It's a bit overwhelming."
Thorax says: "But we're adjusting."
Changeling Girl says: "So, uh, you can't have friendship without makeovers?"
Applejack says: "Eh, not-not exactly."
Discord says: "Oh, Starlight."
Discord says: "Princess Twilight has something very important to tell us."
Discord says: "Well, just you, really, but I'm nosy and I want to hear."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Okay."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Would you excuse m—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Never mind."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What's going on?"
Discord says: "Well, Twilight was just about to reveal her grand master plan for you."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Really?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I was kind of wondering what we were gonna do next."
Discord says: "Yes."
Discord says: "I'd say we were both fairly interested."
Trixie says: "Starlight, come on!"
Trixie says: "The Ponyville Chronicle wants to take our picture!"
Trixie says: "Ugh."
Trixie says: "You, too, Discord."
Discord says: "Psst!"
Discord says: "I see what you're doing."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You do?"
Discord says: "You already planned the perfect moment during the party to make the grand announcement to everypony about your plan."
Discord says: "Brava, Twilight!"
Discord says: "I can't wait to tell your plan to Fluttershy and the others!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Discord, no!"
Spike says: "Twilight, are you reading during a party..."
Spike says: "again?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No, no, no!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "She's already good at that!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "She mastered this!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "She taught me about this one!"
Spike says: "Wild guess – something's wrong."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike, I'm a terrible mentor!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why didn't I come up with a path for Starlight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess Celestia had it all figured out for me!"
Spike says: "Whoa!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I had years worth of friendship lessons ready to go, but when we were captured by Chrysalis, Starlight took charge and really stepped up."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't think friendship lessons are enough for her anymore."
Princess Celestia says: "So you have an overachieving student."
Princess Celestia says: "Sounds familiar."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's why I had to talk to you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You, of all ponies, would know what to do."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I mean, you were me and I was Starlight."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But, for now, I need you to pretend you're you and I'm me."
Spike says: "Huh?"
Princess Celestia says: "Heh."
Princess Celestia says: "Go on."
Twilight Sparkle says: "When I was your student, and you were in this place, you—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, no!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You sent me to Ponyville!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Which means it's time for me to send Starlight Glimmer away!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't believe it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's really time for Starlight to go, isn't it?"
Princess Celestia says: "Only you can make that decision."
Princess Celestia says: "It's a difficult one, but your heart knows what's right, even as it hurts."
Spike says: "Where're you gonna send her?"
Spike says: "Uh, too soon?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No."
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is something I have to do."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, boy."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, boy!"
Discord says: "Whatever Twilight's planning for Starlight is going to be so exciting!"
Applejack says: "Hmm."
Applejack says: "Wonder why she didn't tell any of us about it."
Discord says: "Probably because you're not as close as you think you are."
Discord says: "Just kidding."
Discord says: "She wanted it to be a big surprise."
Discord says: "Just between us, she's getting ready to make a big announcement!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That's so exciting!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And surprising."
Pinkie Pie says: "Usually, you tell your party planner about all your plans for your party."
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, she definitely has one."
Rainbow Dash says: "I mean when has Twilight not had a plan?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I got it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Since defeating Chrysalis, Starlight's given the changelings an opportunity to revolutionize their society."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe I can send her there."
Spike says: "Cool spell."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If Starlight goes to the changeling hive, she can help them adjust to their new way of life."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Okay, Friendship 101."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Thorax and I are going to show you how to compromise."
Thorax says: "I want to have honeysuckle nectar for lunch."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I would like a sandwich."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, no."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What should we do?"
Changeling 1 says: "Attack!"
Changeling 1 says: "The winner gets to choose!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Or..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Thorax and I can talk about it and come up with a solution that works for everypony."
Thorax says: "Starlight, how do you feel about honeysuckle and peanut butter sandwiches?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Why, that sounds dee-licious!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Compromise."
Thorax says: "Compromise."
Spike says: "Uh, this doesn't seem like something Starlight and Thorax would do."
Princess Celestia says: "Uh, this is Twilight's fantasy, Spike."
Princess Celestia says: "There is no wrong way to fantasize."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thank you."
Changeling 1 says: "Starlight Glimmer is a most apt and perspicacious pony!"
Spike says: "Yep."
Spike says: "Definitely a Twilight fantasy."
Princess Celestia says: "This seems like a lovely path for Starlight."
Princess Celestia says: "The changelings have so much to learn about how to enjoy love through friendships."
Princess Celestia says: "Starlight would be busy for a very long time, but her work there would be very rewarding."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Or dangerous."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It would only take one changeling to deviate from the pack."
Goofy Changeling says: "Hi, I'm Starlight Glimmer!"
Goofy Changeling says: "What's your name?"
Cornicle says: "Uh, Cornicle?"
Goofy Changeling says: "What kind of name is that?"
Goofy Changeling says: "Ah, your wings are so, um..."
Goofy Changeling says: "see-through."
Goofy Changeling says: "I'm so glad I'm a pony."
Goofy Changeling says: "Are you, like, bugs, or what?"
Cornicle says: "There she is!"
Cornicle says: "Get her!"
Spike says: "Uh, that probably won't happen."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But it could!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't just send her off to Celestia-knows-where without thinking it through!"
Princess Celestia says: "Hmm."
Princess Celestia says: "I was not aware that I was an expression."
Princess Celestia says: "An appropriate one, of course, for even I don't know the answer."
Princess Celestia says: "This is a momentous decision."
Princess Celestia says: "You must consider all the possibilities."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rethink, rethink, rethink!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What about the dragons?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can send Starlight to the Dragon Lands!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "She and Ember would totally hit it off!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Ember!"
Princess Ember says: "Starlight!"
Princess Ember says: "You ready to do some death-defying dragon stuff?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Ah, totally!"
Spike says: "Okay, that doesn't sound anything like Ember or Starlight."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Who knows what their dynamic would be, Spike?"
Spike says: "Freaky."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Starlight will love it in the Dragon Lands."
Twilight Sparkle says: "In her letters, Ember said dragons do a lot of fun things."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Feast of Fire, the Dragon Bowl, Claw-chella."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Whoo!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Starlight could be there for a really long time."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But then again, not all dragons like ponies as much as Ember does."
Garble says: "Hey, Twinkle Star!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's, uh, Starlight Glimmer."
Garble says: "Star-kle Light-star?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Starlight."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Glimmer."
Garble says: "Yeah, whatever."
Garble says: "You wanna hang with us?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What are we diving into?"
Garble says: "Lava!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Spike says: "Twilight, this is crazy!"
Spike says: "Starlight's really good with magic."
Spike says: "She could just stop herself from falling into a pit of lava."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What if she didn't realize it was happening?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You just never know, Spike!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just need to think of someplace safe to send her!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Someplace safe, someplace safe, someplace safe..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I could send her to the Crystal Empire to continue her magical studies with Sunburst!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It'll be perfect!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sunburst's knowledge of magic is only matched by Starlight's abilities."
Sunburst says: "I've got it!"
Sunburst says: "Try placing your horn directly on the potion and picture the clock you wish to make."
Twilight Sparkle says: "They could challenge each other into becoming the most talented unicorns Equestria's ever seen!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "We did it!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Quick, what's next?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Of course, the study of magic is a lifelong pursuit, and Starlight could be there for a while, especially once they start attempting the really complicated stuff!"
Spike says: "Three, two, one..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What if they become too ambitious?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I never would've thought to combine Star Swirl's apparition spell with Spacium Flexibus!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "But what would happen if we added Somnambula's Tempus Objectus?"
Sunburst says: "If we do it just right, it should allow us to materialize an object that was lost in the past."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Don't do it!"
Sunburst says: "Starlight, noooooo!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Starlight, noooooo!"
Spike says: "Twilight, snap out of it!"
Spike says: "Easy, Twilight."
Spike says: "It didn't happen."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But it could!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just don't think I can send her anywhere."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What am I gonna do?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you laughing at me?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't believe you're laughing at me."
Princess Celestia says: "Oh, Twilight, I'm not."
Princess Celestia says: "I'm laughing because I had the exact same fears you're having."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Princess Celestia says: "Let me tell you a story."
Princess Celestia says: "Once upon a time, there was a very bright young filly."
Princess Celestia says: "She was truly one of my best students."
Spike says: "Are you talking about Twilight?"
Spike says: "I can't see what you're thinking about."
Princess Celestia says: "Yes, Spike."
Princess Celestia says: "I was constantly surprised and impressed with her discoveries."
Princess Celestia says: "But I noticed that her pursuit of academia was preventing her from reaching her full potential."
Spike says: "You mean it was keeping her isolated and alone?"
Princess Celestia says: "Uh, yes, Spike."
Princess Celestia says: "I had a decision to make."
Princess Celestia says: "Oh, but it wasn't easy."
Princess Celestia says: "Maybe I could close the library or throw a party in the castle."
Princess Celestia says: "Oh, she'd have to talk to the other fillies then!"
Princess Celestia says: "Oh."
Princess Celestia says: "I must send her away."
Princess Celestia says: "I knew there was a special group of fillies in Ponyville, but I kept inventing all kinds of reasons why I shouldn't send you."
Princess Celestia says: "What if she runs into a manticore?"
Princess Celestia says: "Or what if she gets pulled into Tartarus?"
Princess Celestia says: "Or, worst of all, what if she doesn't get along with anypony?!"
Princess Celestia says: "!"
Guard 1 says: "Are we supposed to say something?"
Guard 2 says: "I don't think so."
Princess Celestia says: "I kept you in Canterlot longer than I should have."
Princess Celestia says: "Eventually, I realized all the anxiety I felt was because I didn't want you to go."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Really?"
Princess Celestia says: "I loved having you as a student."
Princess Celestia says: "You challenged me and taught me just as much as I taught you."
Princess Celestia says: "I am embarrassed to admit it, but I was afraid if you made friends, you wouldn't need me anymore."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess Celestia, that is so not true."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I will always need you."
Princess Celestia says: "I think Starlight Glimmer might feel the same way about you."
Princess Celestia says: "If that is what you're afraid of."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe it is."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just a little."
Spike says: "Oh, it definitely is."
Spike says: "Like, a lot."
Princess Celestia says: "Here we are after all these years, Twilight."
Princess Celestia says: "We are living proof that letting someone spread their wings doesn't mean you no longer have a place in their lives."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thank you."
Princess Celestia says: "And if you're still worried, you can always make her write you letters."
Discord says: "I may have let it slip that you'd be unveiling your big plan for Starlight tonight."
Discord says: "Silly me."
Discord says: "But we're all very excited to hear what you've cooked up."
Discord says: "You weren't coming up with a plan just now, were you?"
Discord says: "Oh, dear."
Discord says: "This could be pretty embarrassing for you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Gee, thanks, Discord."
Discord says: "Anytime."
Discord says: "I really do love being helpful."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If I could have everypony's attention!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "As you all know, Starlight Glimmer's been my pupil for a while now, and I'd hoped she'd be my pupil for a long time yet to come."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But it turns out that's just not meant to be."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Starlight, you have proved yourself to be a kind, loyal, strong, honest, and truly magical friend."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just looking around this room at all the new friendships you've made, I know there's nothing more I need to teach you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So we have a second reason to celebrate today."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Three cheers for Starlight Glimmer on her graduation day!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What a great surprise!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The future's in your own hooves now."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Wow."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I was not expecting this!"
Trixie says: "Mmm..."
Thorax says: "Mmm..."
Discord says: "Darn it."
Discord says: "I was hoping you would send her to my realm."
Discord says: "We could've been roomies."
Discord says: "Way to not pick up what I was putting down."
Trixie says: "How do you want to celebrate?"
Trixie says: "Girls' trip to Las Pegasus?"
Thorax says: "We could throw you a changeling Gorbfest!"
Thorax says: "Uh, it's more fun than it sounds."
Discord says: "Or we could go cause a little mischief."
Discord says: "I know a trick that'll turn Celestia's castle into cheese."
Discord says: "Do you think it's a "gouda" idea?"
Discord says: "That's just the first of many cheese jokes if we go down this path."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, that all sounds wonderful."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But, um, give me a minute, would ya?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Congratulations."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Thanks."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So how do you feel?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Happy, surprised, overwhelmed."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I mean, not that I'm not grateful, but are you sure?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Believe me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've thought long and hard about this."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Of course you did."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Starlight, trust me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're ready."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Yeah!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "No, I'm not."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What are you talking about?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm not ready to leave!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, good!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "'Cause I'm not ready for that either!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Here!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I got you this present."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It was going to be a "congrats on getting a medal of honor" present, but then I was afraid it would have to be a going-away present, but now it's an "I couldn't be happier you're staying" present!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It fits perfectly over your dresser!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I measured."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Thank you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I may not know what comes next for you, but whatever it is, I promise I'll always be there for you."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh."
Pinkie Pie says: "Phee-yew!"