Apple Bloom says: "Hear ye, hear ye!"
Apple Bloom says: "The first post-cutie mark meetin' of the Cutie Mark Crusaders is now in session!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Oh!"
Sweetie Belle says: "I'm sorry, Apple Bloom."
Sweetie Belle says: "I was distracted by the radiance of my cutie mark..."
Sweetie Belle says: "Did you say something?"
Scootaloo says: "I mean..."
Scootaloo says: "it's pretty amazing how the colors just pop off your flank."
Scootaloo says: "It's kinda hard to look aw—"
Apple Bloom says: "Look, I know our cutie marks are amazing, but is that all we're gonna do now?"
Apple Bloom says: "Just spend our days starin' down at our own flanks?"
Sweetie Belle says: "I guess not."
Scootaloo says: "Yeah, I suppose that could get real boring..."
Apple Bloom says: "This is ridiculous!"
Apple Bloom says: "We need to go out and do somethin'!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Wow, you're right!"
Scootaloo says: "Yeah, we need to go try new stuff like we used to!"
Apple Bloom says: "Exactly."
Sweetie Belle says: "Like square dancing!"
Scootaloo says: "Or mountain climbing!"
Apple Bloom says: "Or square dancin' on the mountain we just climbed!"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "Yeah!"
Apple Bloom says: "And the more things we try, the more chances we'll have to finally get our cutie marks!"
Apple Bloom says: "Come on!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Um..."
Sweetie Belle says: "Apple Bloom?"
Apple Bloom says: "Wow..."
Apple Bloom says: "Did we really only ever do things just to get our cutie marks?"
Sweetie Belle says: "I don't know."
Sweetie Belle says: "Maybe?"
Scootaloo says: "Aw, come on!"
Scootaloo says: "We did lots of stuff that didn't have anything to do with getting a cutie mark."
Sweetie Belle says: "Of course we did!"
Apple Bloom says: "Absolutely!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Huh."
Sweetie Belle says: "So now that we don't have to do stuff to get our cutie marks, what is it that the Cutie Mark Crusaders actually do?"
Apple Bloom says: "We do exactly what we got our cutie marks in!"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "Helping other ponies!"
Scootaloo says: "Ponies without cutie marks!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Or ponies who've forgotten their special purpose!"
Apple Bloom says: "Exactly!"
Apple Bloom says: "We just have to find ponies who need our help!"
Apple Bloom says: "Come on!"
Sweetie Belle says: "But are you sure you feel content?"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Scootaloo says: "Not even a tinge of dissatisfaction?"
Big McIntosh says: "Nnnope."
Apple Bloom says: "Not even the slightest naggin' sensation that you don't really know what your purpose is in life or why you have a big apple as a cutie mark?"
Big McIntosh says: "Nnnope."
Apple Bloom says: "The important thing to remember is that there is no rush."
Scootaloo says: "The three of us tried for the longest time, but it just comes when it comes!"
Sweetie Belle says: "And it's totally normal to feel confused and maybe even a little lost."
Sweetie Belle says: "But being a blank flank is nothing to be ashamed of."
Scootaloo says: "So if you're having even the slightest problem..."
Sweetie Belle says: "..."
Sweetie Belle says: "or concerns or questions..."
Apple Bloom says: "..."
Apple Bloom says: "we want you to know that we are here to help."
Mrs. Cake says: "I..."
Mrs. Cake says: "don't think they're too worried about it yet."
Apple Bloom says: "This is gonna be a lot harder than I thought."
Sweetie Belle says: "Who knew there were so few ponies worried about their cutie marks?"
Scootaloo says: "Kinda makes you wonder why we made such a big deal out of it for so long."
Scootaloo says: "What?"
Apple Bloom says: "The point is, helpin' ponies with cutie mark problems is what makes us special."
Sweetie Belle says: "But if we can't find anypony with a problem..."
Scootaloo says: "..."
Scootaloo says: "Maybe we're not special."
Bulk Biceps says: "Yeah!"
Bulk Biceps says: "I know exactly what you mean."
Bulk Biceps says: "You can't find a cutie mark problem."
Bulk Biceps says: "I have a cutie mark problem."
Bulk Biceps says: "It's so confusing, and I feel like the solution is staring me right in the muzzle."
Bulk Biceps says: "What?"
Bulk Biceps says: "I see why you guys hang out here!"
Bulk Biceps says: "It's cozy!"
Scootaloo says: "The Crusader Clubhouse is a safe place, Mr..."
Scootaloo says: "um..."
Scootaloo says: "Bulk."
Sweetie Belle says: "A place where we faced all kinds of cutie mark problems!"
Apple Bloom says: "A place where we'll go on to solve even more!"
Apple Bloom says: "Startin' with yours!"
Scootaloo says: "No matter how long it takes!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Or how hard it is!"
Apple Bloom says: "We'll solve it because that's what we do!"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "Yeah!"
Bulk Biceps says: "Yeah!"
Sweetie Belle says: "So..."
Sweetie Belle says: "what's your cutie mark problem?"
Bulk Biceps says: "Oh, right."
Bulk Biceps says: "Uh, well, my cutie mark is a dumbbell, but I've lifted every dumbbell in Ponyville!"
Scootaloo says: "Have you tried lifting other things?"
Bulk Biceps says: "You mean, not dumbbells?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Yeah!"
Apple Bloom says: "Yeah!"
Bulk Biceps says: "Yeah!"
Bulk Biceps says: "Oof!"
Bulk Biceps says: "I mean..."
Bulk Biceps says: "no."
Bulk Biceps says: "I hadn't thought of that."
Bulk Biceps says: "You guys are awesome!"
Bulk Biceps says: "But..."
Bulk Biceps says: "what happens when I run out of other stuff?"
Sweetie Belle says: "..."
Sweetie Belle says: "I guess you could teach other ponies to lift things?"
Apple Bloom says: "Yeah!"
Scootaloo says: "Yeah!"
Bulk Biceps says: "Yeah!"
Bulk Biceps says: "Wow, you three really have a knack for this!"
Sweetie Belle says: "That was easy!"
Apple Bloom says: "Maybe too easy."
Scootaloo says: "What do you mean?"
Apple Bloom says: "Well, it's lookin' like cutie mark problems are few and far between."
Sweetie Belle says: "And..."
Sweetie Belle says: "?"
Apple Bloom says: "And what if we never find another one?"
Scootaloo says: "Well..."
Apple Bloom says: "And even if we do, we could solve it so quick, it'll be like it never happened in the first place!"
Sweetie Belle says: "So..."
Sweetie Belle says: "?"
Apple Bloom says: "So..."
Apple Bloom says: "then the Cutie Mark Crusaders don't have any reason to exist!"
Sweetie Belle says: "The problem boils down to this – we don't need to go out and do things anymore to get our cutie marks."
Apple Bloom says: "Right!"
Apple Bloom says: "And—"
Scootaloo says: "Ponies with cutie mark problems are hard to find."
Apple Bloom says: "Exactly."
Apple Bloom says: "But even when we find problems, we're so good at solvin' them that most of the time there's nothin' for the Cutie Mark Crusaders to do."
Apple Bloom says: "So..."
Apple Bloom says: "I thought we should start figurin' out ways to search all of Equestria for cutie mark problems!"
Scootaloo says: "That kinda seems like a lot."
Sweetie Belle says: "I don't think Rarity would let me travel to the far reaches of Equestria looking for cutie mark problems."
Scootaloo says: "Yeah, I'm sure we'll come across them in Ponyville."
Scootaloo says: "And when we do, we'll totally solve them because we are so awesome at it!"
Scootaloo says: "Hoof!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Hoof!"
Apple Bloom says: "But..."
Apple Bloom says: "what do we do until then?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Maybe whatever we want?"
Apple Bloom says: "What do you mean?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Well, we used to only do stuff to get our cutie marks or fulfill our destiny, but now we don't have to."
Apple Bloom says: "So..."
Apple Bloom says: "we can do things just for fun?"
Apple Bloom says: "Are you girls thinkin' what I'm thinkin'?!"
Apple Bloom says: "!"
Scootaloo says: "Sure am!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Sure am!"
Makin' potions!
Scootering!
Singing!
Scootaloo says: "Just remember – stomp, kick, and roll!"
Scootaloo says: "After this, you two are gonna love scootering as much as me!"
Apple Bloom says: "If you say so."
Scootaloo says: "Ready?"
Scootaloo says: "Stomp, kick, and roll!"
Scootaloo says: "Whooo!"
Scootaloo says: "Ta-da!"
Apple Bloom says: "I don't think I did it right."
Sweetie Belle says: "Do..."
Sweetie Belle says: "Mi..."
Sweetie Belle says: "So..."
Sweetie Belle says: "It's just a simple harmony."
Scootaloo says: "Harmony, huh?"
Sweetie Belle says: "And a-one, and a-two, and a-one two three!"
Do...
So...!
Mi!
Scootaloo says: "Wow, that was simple!"
Apple Bloom says: "It's just a dash, and a drop, and a drip!"
Apple Bloom says: "Just a dash, and a drop, and a drip!"
Apple Bloom says: "..."
Apple Bloom says: "and even though Scootaloo thinks bungee jumping is the bee's knees..."
Apple Bloom says: "..."
Apple Bloom says: "Sweetie Belle would rather keep bees."
Apple Bloom says: "Of course, I'm allergic."
Apple Bloom says: "Who'd've thought it'd be so hard to find somethin' for us all to do together?"
Scootaloo says: "Well, I know this might sound crazy, but what if we didn't?"
Apple Bloom says: "Didn't what?"
Scootaloo says: "Do things together."
Scootaloo says: "Well, do everything together."
Apple Bloom says: "But we're the Cutie Mark Crusaders!"
Scootaloo says: "And we always will be!"
Scootaloo says: "But I really wanna bungee jump!"
Scootaloo says: "The speed, the height, the fall!"
Sweetie Belle says: "And I know you two aren't interested, but I wanna try crochet."
Scootaloo says: "Isn't there something you've always wanted to do on your own?"
Apple Bloom says: "I don't know..."
Apple Bloom says: "I guess I figured we'd always do stuff together."
Apple Bloom says: "But bungee jumping sounds just as scary as crochet sounds borin'."
Scootaloo says: "That's okay."
Scootaloo says: "Sweetie Belle and I can do the things we like, and you can do whatever you like!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Just as soon as you figure out what it is."
Apple Bloom says: "I guess..."
Scootaloo says: "Great!"
Scootaloo says: "Then we can meet back here and talk all about what we've done!"
Apple Bloom says: "But I don't know what it'll be."
Sweetie Belle says: "You'll find something!"
Scootaloo says: "Something awesome!"
Apple Bloom says: "Well..."
Apple Bloom says: "I guess now I have to."
Apple Bloom.
I never imagined myself out on my own.
Tryin' to find out what's next for me.
The Cutie Mark Crusaders have always been my home.
Maybe now there's more that I could be.
I guess as time goes by.
Everypony has to go out on their own.
And maybe someday I'll have to try.
Somethin' new that's just for me.
A little somethin' that could be.
Just my own and I won't feel so left behind.
We used to say that we'd be always side by side.
Maybe things are changin' and this could mean goodbye.
I always thought our friendship was all I'd ever need.
We've always been crusadin' – what else is there for me?
I guess as time goes by.
Everypony has to go out on their own.
And maybe someday I'll have to try.
Somethin' new that's just for me.
A little somethin' that could be.
Just my own and I won't feel so left behind.
Hoofer Steps says: "And one, two, three, four, two, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, two, two, three, four—"
Apple Bloom says: "Whatever kind of dancin' y'all are doin', you're doin' it together, and I want in!"
Apple Bloom says: "Would it be okay if I enrolled in this dance class?"
Hoofer Steps says: "Well, let's see what you can do."
Hoofer Steps says: "We have a recital at town hall tonight, and a spot just opened up!"
Hoofer Steps says: "Tender Taps is a little too shy to perform."
Hoofer Steps says: "But if you're ready to step into a partnered routine..."
Apple Bloom says: "That sounds an awful lot like friendship!"
Apple Bloom says: "And I'm ready for anything I don't have to do by myself!"
Hoofer Steps says: "Well then!"
Hoofer Steps says: "Dancing with partner will be perfect."
Apple Bloom says: "Whooooooa!"
Apple Bloom says: "Whoa, whoaaa!"
Apple Bloom says: "Whew!"
Apple Bloom says: "I feel like that went pretty good, but let's give it one more whirl, because it's important that I do a good job partnering with my new group of friends."
Hoofer Steps says: "Eh..."
Hoofer Steps says: "Now I'm think of it, you might be better as soloist."
Hoofer Steps says: "Uh, partnering is a little advanced for you."
Hoofer Steps says: "But there's still lots you can do on your own."
Apple Bloom says: "I'm sorry, but doin' stuff on my own is exactly what I don't want."
Tender Taps says: "Sorry it didn't work out."
Apple Bloom says: "Tryin' different things with my friends is always fun, even when we were terrible."
Apple Bloom says: "Now it's just terrible."
Tender Taps says: "You weren't that bad."
Tender Taps says: "You just need to learn a few things on your own."
Tender Taps says: "Being a soloist can be fun!"
Tender Taps says: "Ha."
Tender Taps says: "Haha!"
Tender Taps says: "You just have to do it with feeling!"
Apple Bloom says: "Thanks, but..."
Apple Bloom says: "without my friends, I don't think I'll ever feel again."
Apple Bloom says: "Good luck at the recital."
Tender Taps says: "Oh, I'm not gonna do that."
Tender Taps says: "I mean, I want to."
Tender Taps says: "It's kind of all I think about."
Tender Taps says: "I bet some day my cutie mark will even be about performing!"
Tender Taps says: "But I could never dance in front of an audience the way I do in class."
Tender Taps says: "That's t-t-t-t-terrifying!"
Apple Bloom says: "Yeah, okay."
Apple Bloom says: "Nice meetin' you."
Tender Taps says: "You, too."
Scootaloo says: "Sweetie Belle!"
Scootaloo says: "You are not gonna believe this, but I think I like bungee jumping even more than scootering!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Seriously?!"
Sweetie Belle says: "!"
Sweetie Belle says: "That's amazing!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Look what I did!"
Scootaloo says: "Wow, uh, that's, um..."
Sweetie Belle says: "Horrible!"
Sweetie Belle says: "But it was so much fun!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Rarity showed me how, even though she says  but I loved it!"
Scootaloo says: "Awesome!"
Apple Bloom says: "Oh, hello, girls."
Apple Bloom says: "Have fun pursuing your own interests?"
Scootaloo says: "Apple Bloom?"
Scootaloo says: "What are you doing sitting in the dark?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Yeah, we thought you'd be out looking for things you like to do."
Apple Bloom says: "I did."
Apple Bloom says: "I looked all over town."
Apple Bloom says: "I looked..."
Apple Bloom says: "and I looked..."
Apple Bloom says: "and I looked..."
Apple Bloom says: "and you know what I found?"
Apple Bloom says: "Nothin'!"
Scootaloo says: "You tried every one of these?"
Apple Bloom says: "And each one just made me feel more alone than the next!"
Apple Bloom says: "I don't see how I'm supposed to be happy that we're not hanging out anymore!"
Scootaloo says: "Wait, I never said that."
Scootaloo says: "I just said we don't have to do everything together."
Sweetie Belle says: "Like when there's something one of us wants to do that the others don't."
Apple Bloom says: "Oh."
Apple Bloom says: "Well, I guess that changes things."
Scootaloo says: "I can't believe you thought we didn't want to hang out anymore."
Sweetie Belle says: "I can't believe you tried all this stuff and didn't find one thing you liked!"
Apple Bloom says: "Well, I kind of liked dancin', mainly because it looked like somethin' you couldn't do alone, but..."
Apple Bloom says: "I wasn't very good at it."
Sweetie Belle says: "Well, you don't have to be good at something to have fun!"
Scootaloo says: "And being good doesn't always mean you will."
Apple Bloom says: "I know..."
Apple Bloom says: "I met the best dancer in the world, but he was so shy, he couldn't bring himself to perform, even though he really, really wanted to."
Sweetie Belle says: "I don't suppose this dancing pony had a cutie mark, did he?"
Apple Bloom says: "You're here!"
Shoeshine says: "Shhhh!"
Tender Taps says: "What are you doing here?"
Apple Bloom says: "You told me that you wanted to perform more than anythin', but I was too caught up in myself to listen."
Apple Bloom says: "You're the best dancer I've ever seen, and I'm here to convince you to get out on that stage!"
Tender Taps says: "Um, didn't I also tell you that dancing in front of other ponies is t-t-terrifying?!"
Tender Taps says: "!"
Tender Taps says: "I don't know if you noticed, but that auditorium is full of other ponies!"
Tender Taps says: "I can't go out there!"
Tender Taps says: "What if I'm bad?!"
Tender Taps says: "!"
Apple Bloom says: "We can go on together!"
Apple Bloom says: "No matter what, you'll look good dancin' next to me."
Tender Taps says: "All right, I'll do it."
Tender Taps says: "But I don't have my costume, and the backdrop is all wrong, and we don't have time to change it!"
Apple Bloom says: "Leave everything to us."
Tender Taps says: "I don't know about this..."
Sweetie Belle says: "Don't worry, you'll be just fine!"
Apple Bloom says: "Here goes nothin'..."
Apple Bloom says: "Can't be any worse than I was!"
Tender Taps says: "I can't believe it!"
Tender Taps says: "It's just what I always imagined it would be!"
Tender Taps says: "And if it weren't for all of you, I wouldn't even have it."
Scootaloo says: "No problem!"
Sweetie Belle says: "It's what we do."
Apple Bloom says: "I only wish I'd realized what you needed right away instead of mopin' around for no reason..."
Tender Taps says: "Well, either way, I hope you keep dancing."
Apple Bloom says: "I'm sorry I was so silly about us all doin' our own things."
Apple Bloom says: "If we hadn't, I might never even have tried dancin'!"
Tender Taps says: "Or find out I needed help!"
Sweetie Belle says: "With each of us going out and trying things on our own, we'll be three times as likely to find ponies to help!"
Scootaloo says: "And trying new stuff might even make us better at helping them, like how I used my bungee jumping to change the sets!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Or my crochet to make the costumes!"
Apple Bloom says: "Well, one thing is for sure."
Apple Bloom says: "The Cutie Mark Crusaders will never be the same."
Apple Bloom says: "We'll be better!"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "Yeah!"