Applejack says: "Ha!"
Applejack says: "Found 'em!"
Granny Smith says: "Aaa-choooo!"
Applejack says: "Heh."
Applejack says: "Gesundhoof."
Granny Smith says: "Why, thank you, Applejack."
Granny Smith says: "I still can't believe it's been almost one hundred moons since our last family reunion."
Granny Smith says: "Aw, I remember it like it was yesterday."
Applejack says: "Well, you have been talkin' about it pretty much every day since then."
Granny Smith says: "Apple Bloom!"
Granny Smith says: "How them RSVPs comin' along?"
Granny Smith says: "Who's showin' their muzzle at the reunion?"
Apple Bloom says: "Everypony!"
Granny Smith says: "Everypony?"
Granny Smith says: "Are you sure?"
Apple Bloom says: "Well, I got RSVPs from Apples from Yonder Hill, Hollow Shades, Galloping Gorge, Foal Mountain, Apples from Fillydelphia, Tall Tale Town, and all the Apples from Appleloosa!"
Granny Smith says: "Guh?"
Apple Bloom says: "Oh!"
Apple Bloom says: "And how could I forget?"
Apple Bloom says: "Manehattan!"
Apple Bloom says: "Babs is comin'!"
Apple Bloom says: "I get to see my favorite cousin!"
Granny Smith says: "I think we're gonna need a bigger cider trough."
Granny Smith says: "Whooeee!"
Granny Smith says: "Looks like the family's grown tenfold since the last reunion!"
Granny Smith says: "I'm gonna be busier than a worm in a rotten tomater tryin' to get everything ready!"
Applejack says: "I could always help out."
Apple Bloom says: "Me, too!"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Granny Smith says: "Oh, I sure would appreciate that."
Granny Smith says: "Granny's a little rustier in the giddy-up since the last time the Apples all got together."
Granny Smith says: "Who you callin' old?!"
Granny Smith says: "!"
Applejack says: "Uh..."
Applejack says: "I just meant..."
Applejack says: "Why don't you let me take over puttin' the reunion together this time 'round?"
Applejack says: "Then all you need to worry about is enjoyin' yourself."
Granny Smith says: "Hmmm."
Granny Smith says: "Alright, young'un, you got yourself a deal."
Granny Smith says: "You are in charge."
Applejack says: "I won't let you down, Granny."
Applejack says: "You just tell me what the reunion needs, and I'll take care of the rest."
Granny Smith says: "I'll do better than tell you what the reunion'll need."
Granny Smith says: "I'll show ya!"
Granny Smith says: "We've been hostin' these things at Sweet Apple Acres every hundred moons since we first planted roots here in Ponyville."
Apple Bloom says: "Hey, who's that?"
Granny Smith says: "That'd be your Great-Great-Auntie Applesauce when she was just about your age."
Granny Smith says: "Now, she used to go by another name, but everypony started calling her Applesauce after half her teeth fell out when she was makin' apple jam."
Granny Smith says: "Yeah."
Granny Smith says: "Never did find them teeth in all those jars."
Apple Bloom says: "Hey!"
Apple Bloom says: "That's you, Granny!"
Granny Smith says: "Sure is."
Granny Smith says: "Apple family's been workin' on that same old quilt since our first reunion."
Young Granny Smith says: "I can do it!"
Young Granny Smith says: "Ngh!"
Young Granny Smith says: "Oh, fingle-fangle!"
Granny Smith says: "Well, nopony told me you actually had to knot the end of the thread!"
Applejack says: "Okay, so I'll need to get new quiltin' materials, fabric, needles, thread..."
Applejack says: "You've really been workin' on the same quilt since the first reunion?"
Granny Smith says: "Surely have."
Granny Smith says: "I don't think we're ever gonna finish that doggone thing!"
Apple Bloom says: "Hey, what's goin' on here?"
Granny Smith says: "Well, you know us Apples enjoy a good fritter..."
Half Baked Apple says: "Ooo, hot hot hot!"
Apple Split says: "Hey, where did all them apple fritters go?"
Apple Split says: "And..."
Apple Split says: "Who are you, little one?"
Baby Applejack says: "I'm Applejack!"
Baby Applejack says: "More apple fwitter?"
Granny Smith says: "That's how we figured out your sister had the appetite of a full-grown stallion."
Applejack says: "Better get twice as much honey and flour, then..."
Applejack says: "fifty more buckets of apples..."
Applejack says: "more oil..."
Applejack says: "wood for the fire..."
Granny Smith says: "Now, stick an apple in my mouth and roast my rump!"
Granny Smith says: "This one sure brings back memories."
Granny Smith says: "Y'know how Babs is your favorite cousin?"
Granny Smith says: "Well, Apple Rose is mine."
Granny Smith says: "The two of us entered the seven-legged race every reunion!"
Young Apple Rose says: "We're gonna win this one, cousin!"
Young Granny Smith says: "You bet your hot-diggety-derriere we are!"
Young Granny Smith says: "C'mon, cousin, speed'er on up!"
Granny Smith says: "Never won a single one of them races."
Applejack says: "Races."
Applejack says: "We'll need cloth ties, finish line..."
Applejack says: "Not much to a seven-legged race."
Applejack says: "Hmm..."
Granny Smith says: "And, of course, we can't forget to take the big family photo!"
Granny Smith says: "We always snapped a photo in front of the barn at the end of every reunion, let's us see how our family's grown!"
Applejack says: "Photo in front of the barn."
Applejack says: "Got it."
Apple Bloom says: "You sure have some great memories of these reunions, don'tcha?"
Granny Smith says: "Indeedy, and I'm lookin' forward to makin' more at this one."
Granny Smith says: "Oh, I'm sure everypony is, and I do mean everypony!"
Granny Smith says: "We got the whole family together this time 'round!"
Granny Smith says: "Who knows if they'll all be able to make the next one?"
Applejack says: "That's true!"
Applejack says: "Busy as everypony's lives are gettin' these days, chances are pretty slim we'll be this lucky next time 'round."
Applejack says: "Don't worry, Granny, I'm gonna make sure this is the most memorable reunion we've ever had!"
Applejack says: "I'd better get started..."
Applejack says: "I've got some plannin' to do!"
Granny Smith says: "Oh, hootenanny!"
Granny Smith says: "Would you look what your second cousin is wearin' on her head?"
Applejack says: "Apple Bloom!"
Applejack says: "What are you doin' up?"
Apple Bloom says: "I was gonna ask you the same thing."
Applejack says: "I can't sleep."
Applejack says: "My gears are turnin' in my head about this reunion!"
Apple Bloom says: "Yeah..."
Apple Bloom says: "I can't wait to see my cousin Babs."
Apple Bloom says: "We're gonna do so many fun things together..."
Applejack says: "Fun?"
Applejack says: "That's just the beginnin' of it!"
Applejack says: "Granny Smith handed me the reins of this reunion, and I'm gonna make the most of it."
Applejack says: "Apple Bloom, I've got so many things planned you won't even have a minute's rest!"
Applejack says: "Trust me, little sis."
Applejack says: "This reunion I'm puttin' together is gonna be worth the wait."
Apple Bloom says: "Whoa!"
Applejack says: "Rise and shine!"
Applejack says: "We don't have much time!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Don't forget the glitter!"
Applejack says: "H-ah."
Applejack says: "Think that'll do it!"
Granny Smith says: "And just in time, too."
Applejack says: "They're here!"
Granny Smith says: "Apple Rose!"
Granny Smith says: "Ohhh!"
Granny Smith says: "Ooh, this is more excitin' than when it rained frogs!"
Applejack says: "Howdy, y'all, and welcome to the Apple family reunion!"
Applejack says: "My name's Applejack, and I just want to let y'all know that I got a real big day planned for ya!"
Applejack says: "We're gonna start off with an obstacle course for the young'uns, and some fritter makin' and quiltin' for the not-so-young'uns."
Applejack says: "And there's lots more to come after that!"
Applejack says: "Hope y'all enjoy it!"
Apple Bloom says: "Where is she?"
Apple Bloom says: "Babs!"
Babs Seed says: "Cuz!"
Apple Bloom says: "–It felt like forever!"
Babs Seed says: "–It felt like forever!"
Babs Seed says: "I can't wait to tell you about my new school!"
Apple Bloom says: "I can't wait to hear all about it!"
Babs Seed says: "Jeepers, where do I start?"
Babs Seed says: "Okay."
Applejack says: "Babs!"
Applejack says: "Huh, so glad you could come!"
Babs Seed says: "What am I, gonna miss out on spendin' time with my favorite cousin?"
Babs Seed says: "Forget about it!"
Applejack says: "Why don't you two head over to the obstacle course?"
Apple Bloom says: "We kinda wanna catch up a little bit first..."
Applejack says: "Don't you worry."
Applejack says: "There'll be plenty of time for family bondin' while you're racin' against your other cousins."
Applejack says: "Alrighty, ponies!"
Applejack says: "Ready to have some fun?"
Babs Seed says: "Whoa, is that the finish line?"
Babs Seed says: "It's like a mile away or somethin'!"
Applejack says: "Actually, that's just the marker where you go on to the next leg of the race."
Apple Bloom says: "There's more?"
Applejack says: "Much more."
Applejack says: "Trust me, I have put together somethin' you are never gonna forget."
Applejack says: "After the seven-legged race, you're gonna wanna hurry up and head over here, where you'll be bobbin' for apples!"
Applejack says: "Then you'll run around these trees fifty times until you're real good and dizzy."
Applejack says: "Then you'll jump these big wooden hurdles."
Applejack says: "And then there's the final leg, where you'll balance plates on your head while sayin' "Pappy pony picked a pluck of prickly pluffnuggets" over and over and over again."
Applejack says: "Last pony standin' wins!"
Apple Bloom says: "Seriously?"
Applejack says: "Seriously!"
Applejack says: "C'mon, y'all!"
Applejack says: "Let's start makin' some memories!"
Applejack says: "On your mark..."
Applejack says: "get set..."
Applejack says: "go!"
Applejack says: "Whooeee!"
Applejack says: "Lookin' good, everypony!"
Applejack says: "Ooh, better go check on the quilt."
Granny Smith says: "How long you had those new choppers, Auntie Applesauce?"
Auntie Applesauce says: "A lady never reveals the age of her teeth."
Apple Rose says: "Ugh."
Auntie Applesauce says: "Don't you roll your eyes at me, Miss Apple Rose!"
Auntie Applesauce says: "I imagine you two think I have forgotten what you did to my parasol six reunions ago?"
Granny Smith says: "We were just usin' it to help break open that piñata!"
Auntie Applesauce says: "Applejack, delightful to see you."
Auntie Applesauce says: "Are you gonna join us in some quiltin'?"
Applejack says: "Sorry, Auntie Applesauce, I am busy-busy-busy."
Applejack says: "Y'all should get started, though!"
Granny Smith says: "We couldn't find our rocking chairs."
Applejack says: "I got rid of 'em to make room for these."
Applejack says: "This is the year y'all are finally gonna finish that quilt!"
Apple Rose says: "Finish it?"
Auntie Applesauce's teeth chattering.
Applejack says: "Won't that be excitin'?"
Apple Rose says: "What's that?"
Applejack says: "–excitin'?"
Auntie Applesauce says: "I suppose, although I have been told that too much excitement can wreak havoc on this youthful complexion of mine."
Apple Rose says: "Oh."
Applejack says: "That's the spirit!"
Granny Smith says: "What did she say?"
Apple Rose says: "What?"
Granny Smith says: "Good gracious!"
Apple Rose says: "Golden Delicious?"
Apple Rose says: "I think he's racing with his cousin!"
Babs Seed says: "How are Scootaloo and Sweetie Belle?"
Apple Bloom says: "Great!"
Apple Bloom says: "Ugh..."
Babs Seed says: "You alright?"
Apple Bloom says: "Ugh..."
Apple Dumpling says: "You've got eight now, dont'cha?"
Apple Leaves says: "Oh, sure do."
Apple Leaves says: "Tell you what, my Apple Tart may just be a baby, but he is a hoot!"
Applejack says: "Havin' fun?"
Apple Leaves says: "Sure are!"
Applejack says: "Better pick up the pace on those fritters though, huh?"
Applejack says: "Roll, fold, crimp, slide to the left."
Applejack says: "Roll, fold, crimp, slide to the left."
Applejack says: "Roll, fold, crimp, slide to the left."
Applejack says: "Now you try!"
Applejack says: "That's it!"
Applejack says: "Gotta keep this assembly line movin', gals!"
Applejack says: "We want every Apple here to get a chance to taste the best darn fritters in Equestria!"
Apple Bloom says: "Pappy pony picked a pluck of prickly pluffnuggets."
Babs Seed says: "Pappy pony picked a pluck of prickly pluffnuggets."
Apple Bloom says: "Any other blank flanks at your new school?"
Babs Seed says: "Yeah."
Babs Seed says: "Two."
Apple Bloom says: "Pappy pony picked a pluck of prickly pluffnuggets."
Babs Seed says: "Pappy pony picked a pluck of prickly pluffnuggets."
Apple Bloom says: "Do they wanna be Crusaders?"
Babs Seed says: "Totally!"
Apple Bloom says: "Great!"
Apple Bloom says: "Pappy pony picked a pluck of prickly pluffnuggets."
Babs Seed says: "Pappy pony picked a pluck of prickly pluffnuggets."
Apple Bloom says: "Pappy pony picked a pluck of prickly pluffnuggets."
Babs Seed says: "Pappy pony picked a pluck of prickly pluffnuggets."
Apple Bloom says: "Pappy pony picked a pluck of prickly pluffnuggets."
Babs Seed says: "Pappy pony picked a pluck of prickly pluffnuggets."
Babs Seed says: "Ah can' thfeel my tongue."
Apple Bloom says: "Neh nehber."
Applejack says: "Alright, Apples, break!"
Apple Bloom says: "Finally..."
Applejack says: "Ooh, can't forget to capture all these memories for Granny's album!"
Applejack says: "Huh."
Applejack says: "Nothin' all that memorable there."
Applejack says: "Or there."
Applejack says: "Or there."
Applejack says: "C'mon, Applejack, think."
Applejack says: "You gotta kick this thing up a notch!"
Applejack says: "Hm..."
Apple Bloom says: "I get that my big sis wants this to be like a super-awesome reunion, but that was ridiculous!"
Babs Seed says: "I thought we'd never get a minute to just hang out!"
Applejack says: "And your minute's up!"
Applejack says: "Your fellow Apples are waitin' for you to join them."
Apple Bloom says: "Applejack, I haven't had any time with Babs!"
Apple Bloom says: "We were so busy with that obstacle course, we didn't even get to talk!"
Applejack says: "There'll be plenty of time to bond with Babs when we do the hayride."
Babs Seed says: "Hayride?"
Applejack says: "Alright, everypony!"
Applejack says: "Step right up, take a seat, and leave the drivin' to these stallions!"
Applejack says: "Now, I know y'all've been workin' real hard makin' some awesome memories."
Applejack says: "And in all of our past reunions, we always had a nice and relaxin' hayride around the farm."
Applejack says: "Which is why I decided to change things up a bit, and try somethin' just a wee bit more excitin'."
Applejack says: "So let's get this show on the road!"
Applejack says: "Giddy-up!"
Ponies says: "Whoa!"
Auntie Applesauce's teeth chattering.
Auntie Applesauce says: "I just had those professionally polished."
Granny Smith says: "Where in the world does that girl have us headed?"
Granny Smith says: "The west orchard?"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Granny Smith says: "What?!"
Granny Smith says: "!"
Granny Smith says: "I was jokin'!"
Granny Smith says: "Why, we haven't tended those fields since all the trees went and got filled up with..."
Babs Seed says: "Wowza!"
Babs Seed says: "Never seen real fruit bats before!"
Applejack says: "Uh-oh."
Apple Bloom says: "Everypony!"
Apple Bloom says: "Jump out!!"
Applejack says: "Ruined."
Applejack says: "Everythin' is ruined."
Applejack says: "Oh, Granny."
Applejack says: "I'm so, so sorry."
Granny Smith says: "Oh, it's alright, child."
Applejack says: "But it's not alright."
Applejack says: "Just look at this!"
Applejack says: "The barn and all my plans for the perfect family reunion are completely destroyed!"
Apple Bloom says: "Maybe that's a good thing."
Applejack says: "How can that possibly be a good thing?"
Granny Smith says: "Applejack, you had us so caught up in all the doin', we haven't had a second to enjoy the company of the folks we've been doin' it with!"
Applejack says: "Really?"
Applejack says: "Oh, Granny Smith, here you let me be in charge of creatin' great memories, and the only thing anypony's gonna remember about this reunion..."
Applejack says: "is that it was the worst one we ever had."
Granny Smith says: "Oh, hey now..."
Granny Smith says: "everypony's still here, ain't they?"
Granny Smith says: "Still plenty of time to make good memories!"
Granny Smith says: "You've just got to give everypony a chance to actually make 'em."
Applejack says: "The family photo!"
Applejack says: "Guess we can't take it in front of the barn this year..."
Applejack says: "unless..."
Applejack says: "Everypony!"
Applejack says: "I have one more activity!"
Granny Smith says: "Applejack..."
Applejack says: "Trust me, Granny Smith."
Applejack says: "This'll be one we'll remember for all the right reasons."
Applejack.
Yee-hoo!
Raise this barn, raise this barn.
One, two, three, four.
Together, we can raise this barn.
One, two, three, four.
Up, up, up, go the beams.
Hammer those joints, work in teams.
Turn 'em round quick by the right elbow.
Grab a new partner, here we go.
Apple family says: "Yeah!"
Applejack says: "Come on, Apple family!"
Applejack says: "Let's get to it!"
Applejack says: "Wee-hoo!"
Applejack.
Raise this barn, raise this barn.
One, two, three, four.
Together, we can raise this barn.
One, two, three, four.
Finish the frame, recycling wood.
Workin' hard, you're doin' good.
Turn 'em round quick by the right elbow.
Grab a new partner, here we go.
Apple family says: "Yeah!"
Applejack says: "Whoo-whee!"
Applejack.
Raise this barn, oh, raise this barn.
One, two, three, four.
Together, we can raise this barn.
One, two, three, four.
Slats of wood come off the ground.
Hold 'em up and nail 'em down.
Turn 'em round quick by the left elbow.
Grab a new partner, here we go.
Apple family says: "Yeah!"
Applejack says: "Come on, Apples!"
Applejack says: "Get 'er done!"
Apple Bloom.
Look at us, we're family.
Applejack.
Workin' together thankfully.
Apple Bloom.
We Apples, we are proud to say.
Applejack and Apple Bloom.
Stick together the pony way.
Applejack.
Bow to your partner, circle right.
Get down if you're scared of heights.
Forward back and twirl around.
That barn's gonna be the best in town.
Apple family says: "Yeah!"
Applejack says: "Yee-haw!"
Applejack says: "Attagirl!"
Apple Bloom says: "Alright, let's get to it!"
Apple family.
Raise this barn, raise this barn.
One, two, three, four.
Together, we can raise this barn.
One, two, three, four.
Applejack.
Take your brushes, young and old.
Together, paint it, bright and bold.
Turn 'em round quick by the left elbow.
Grab a new partner, here we go.
Apple family.
We raised this barn, we raised this barn.
Yes, we did.
Together we sure raised this barn.
Yes, we did.
Being together counts the most.
We all came here from coast to coast.
All we need to strive to be.
Is part of the Apple family.
Apple Bloom says: "Yeah!"
Granny Smith says: "Oh!"
Apple Bloom says: "I can't wait for the next reunion!"
Babs Seed says: "Me neither!"
Apple Bloom says: "I mean, obviously we have to get together before then!"
Babs Seed says: "Obviously."
Granny Smith says: "Oh, you did it, Applejack!"
Granny Smith says: "You put on a reunion that everypony will remember!"
Applejack says: "Just had a couple minor hiccups along the way."
Granny Smith says: "Yeah, just a couple."
Granny Smith says: "Ohohoh, that's a good one."
Apple Bloom says: "Oh!"
Today I learned a great lesson about family, which, if you think about it, is really the first group of friends you ever make. Turns out that when you're with folks you care about, you don't have to do much to make that time memorable. Even the simplest of activities can take on a whole lotta meanin'! And you'll find that you'll remember the "who" long after you've forgotten the "what".
Your humble subject,.
Applejack.