Sweetie Belle says: "Can you believe Featherweight got his cutie mark?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Featherweight!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Before us!"
Snips says: "Great cutie mark, Featherweight!"
Snails says: "Looking good!"
Sweetie Belle says: "I give up..."
Apple Bloom says: "I've got it!"
Apple Bloom says: "The answer to all our problems!"
Sweetie Belle says: "The Foal Free Press?"
Sweetie Belle says: "How's the school paper gonna get us our cutie marks?"
Granny Smith says: "Move your caboose!"
Apple Bloom says: "Uh-oh."
Apple Bloom says: "That's Granny Smith."
Apple Bloom says: "Gotta run!"
Scootaloo says: "Maybe there's something to this newspaper idea."
Sweetie Belle says: "Guess it's worth a shot..."
Sweetie Belle says: "Apple Bloom."
Sweetie Belle says: "Your newspaper idea was nothing but a big bust."
Scootaloo says: "We tried everything, from papier-mâché to making birds' nests, and nothing worked."
Sweetie Belle says: "What's so funny?"
Apple Bloom says: "What I meant was, we should write for the paper!"
Apple Bloom says: "We can get our cutie marks as journalists!"
Cheerilee says: "Okay, class, see you tomorrow!"
Cheerilee says: "Oh, for those of you who want to join the newspaper staff, stay here, because we're meeting right now!"
Apple Bloom says: "Cutie marks in journalism!"
Scootaloo says: "Such a good idea."
Cheerilee says: "Welcome, everypony."
Sweetie Belle says: "Oh, oh, oh, ohohohoh!"
Cheerilee says: "Yes?"
Sweetie Belle says: "What's an editor-in-chief?"
Cheerilee says: "Good question, Sweetie Belle."
Cheerilee says: "I like those reporter's instincts."
Cheerilee says: "The Foal Free Press is a student-run paper."
Cheerilee says: "I'm only involved as an adviser, so the editor-in-chief is the pony in charge, from choosing the stories to making sure it gets to press on time."
Cheerilee says: "Now, as I said, we have a new editor this year!"
Students says: "Diamond Tiara?!"
Students says: "!"
Diamond Tiara says: "Hm."
Cheerilee says: "I'll leave you alone now to discuss everypony's assignments."
Cheerilee says: "Have fun!"
Diamond Tiara says: "Alright, listen up."
Diamond Tiara says: "The Foal Free Press is a joke."
Students says: "Huh?"
Diamond Tiara says: "Nopony at this school takes it seriously."
Diamond Tiara says: "Well I, the editor-in-chief in charge, am going to deliver us to newfound glory!"
Truffle says: "Yay!"
Diamond Tiara says: "First things first."
Diamond Tiara says: "Where's the staff photographer?"
Diamond Tiara says: "Get out there and document everything."
Diamond Tiara says: "I'll decide what's important."
Diamond Tiara says: "The rest of you, I want hard-hitting news and interesting think pieces."
Diamond Tiara says: "No more Namby-Pamby stories like last year's editor."
"Ruby Pinch" says: "But Namby-Pamby was a great editor."
Diamond Tiara says: "Well, there's a new regime now, and I want juicy stories."
Diamond Tiara says: "The juicier, the better!"
Diamond Tiara says: "Now get out there and report!"
Scootaloo says: "Let's get out of here, girls."
Scootaloo says: "Maybe we can try packing boxes again."
Sweetie Belle says: "But this could be our last chance to earn our cutie marks!"
Sweetie Belle says: "If we really are supposed to be journalists, isn't it worth a little grief?"
Scootaloo says: "I guess you're right."
Scootaloo says: "We can take a little bit of Diamond Tiara for a lifetime of cutie marks."
Sweetie Belle says: "C'mon!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Let's go get these marks!"
Sweetie Belle says: "My first story's going to be an exclusive interview."
Scootaloo says: "I saw a brand new nest of baby birds the other day."
Scootaloo says: "I bet our readers would eat up a sweet story like that!"
Apple Bloom says: "Granny Smith has all sorts of great stories!"
Apple Bloom says: "I reckon I'll do a piece on the history of Ponyville."
Diamond Tiara says: "I hope you've got something, because everything so far is unusable."
Diamond Tiara says: ""Baby Birds Born"?"
Diamond Tiara says: ""Rarity's Hot New Hat"?"
Diamond Tiara says: ""Ponyville: The Early Years"!"
Diamond Tiara says: "?"
Diamond Tiara says: "Oh!"
Diamond Tiara says: "I don't know what you call this, but it sure isn't news!"
Sweetie Belle says: "We just..."
Sweetie Belle says: "thought..."
Diamond Tiara says: "Get something else on my desk by the end of the day, and it better be juicy!"
Scootaloo says: "Now what?"
Scootaloo says: "Do you know what I had to do to get that story?"
Apple Bloom says: "Oh, you don't even wanna know what I had to sit through."
Snips says: "Oh!"
Snips says: "Get it off me, Snails!"
Snails says: "Eh, you get it off me, Snips?"
Snips says: "Aah!"
Snips says: "Stop it!"
Snips says: "You are making it worse!"
Snips says: "Nah!"
Snips says: "Oh, great."
Snails says: "I'll get it."
Snips says: "Aah!"
Snails says: "Get it off!"
Snails says: "Get it off!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Take a few pictures of this, then meet me during lunch."
Sweetie Belle says: "Girls, I have our story."
"Noi" says: ""Snips and Snails in Bubblegum Veils!"
"Noi" says: "And that's when the biggest jokester in school really stuck his hoof in it – literally!"
"Green Daze" says: "The Foal Free Press is usually just boring news and stuff."
Cotton Cloudy says: "So funny!"
Snips says: "Our mothers always told us we'd end up in the papers someday."
Snails says: "Yeah, and look!"
Snails says: "We finally got the gum out!"
Diamond Tiara says: "Your column is a sensation!"
Diamond Tiara says: "I don't want you doing news anymore."
Diamond Tiara says: "I want more columns like this."
Diamond Tiara says: "Columns about ponies and their private lives, the things they do when they think they're alone."
Diamond Tiara says: "You three are my new gossip columnists!"
Diamond Tiara says: "And I love the way you signed it!"
Diamond Tiara says: ""Gabby Gums"..."
Diamond Tiara says: "That was a stroke of genius!"
Sweetie Belle says: "We couldn't fit all of our names, so we decided to create one for all three of us."
Diamond Tiara says: "Well, I want more Gabby Gums!"
Diamond Tiara says: "Nice work, girls."
Scootaloo says: "But we sure seem to have a gift for gossip."
Sweetie Belle says: "If we can write a few more of these Gabby Gums columns, we'll earn our cutie marks for sure!"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "Woo-hoo!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Scootaloo?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Do you have anything?"
Scootaloo says: "Nope."
Sweetie Belle says: "Apple Bloom?"
Apple Bloom says: "Sorry."
Scootaloo says: "Let's face it, nothing very juicy happens at this school."
Sweetie Belle says: "We're doomed."
Rarity says: "Ohh, Sweetie Belle..."
Rarity says: "Was she raised in a barn or something?"
Rarity says: "Too rich!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Can you please keep it down with all the laughter?"
Sweetie Belle says: "I'm trying to– hey!"
Rarity says: "Bleh!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Are you snooping through my saddlebag?"
Sweetie Belle says: "How dare you!"
Rarity says: "Oh, but this Gabby Gums column is so funny!"
Sweetie Belle says: "You actually like the school paper?"
Rarity says: "It's so much juicier than anything in the boring old Ponyville Express."
Rarity says: "Could I borrow this to show my friends?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Your friends would wanna read the Foal Free Press?"
Rarity says: "Oh, they'd just love Gabby Gums!"
Rarity says: "Who is she, anyway?"
Rarity says: "I've never heard of her before."
Sweetie Belle says: "We gave up too quickly, girls."
Sweetie Belle says: "Forget trying to squeeze stories out of this school."
Sweetie Belle says: "We need to expand!"
Apple Bloom says: "We can find all kinds of great gossip out there in Ponyville!"
Sweetie Belle says: "We'll need to tell Featherweight to start working overtime."
Scootaloo says: "Sweetie Belle, you're a genius!"
Diamond Tiara says: ""Pound and Pumpkin Cake Trip to the Store Ends in Tears."
Diamond Tiara says: "" Gabby Gums comes through again!"
Truffle says: "The Ponyville news stand wants to carry the Foal Free Press!"
Truffle says: "Ponies keep coming by and asking for it!"
Diamond Tiara says: "Send 'em twenty copies, and if they run out of those, we'll send 'em twenty more!"
Diamond Tiara says: "You three are doing a great job for this paper."
Diamond Tiara says: "Keep those columns coming!"
Scootaloo says: "This is great!"
Rarity says: "Oh, this is the life, isn't it, girls?"
Rarity says: "The best hooficure I've ever had!"
Applejack says: "You said it, ooh..."
Spike says: "I don't know if I've ever been so relaxed."
Rainbow Dash says: "You guys!"
Spike says: "Aaah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "The new Gabby Gums just came out!"
Rainbow Dash says: ""The Great and Powerful Trixie's Secrets Revealed!"
Rarity says: "We already read that one, Rainbow Dash."
Rarity says: "Come on, relax, have a hooficure, it feels amazing."
Rainbow Dash says: "Did you forget who you're talking to?"
Rainbow Dash says: "The day I get a hooficure is the day I turn in my daredevil license."
Rainbow Dash says: "Besides, I haven't read this Gabby Gums yet."
Spike says: "Well, do it quietly, will ya?"
Spike says: "Some of us are trying to unwind!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I like Gabby Gums too, but don't you think she can be a little mean?"
Applejack says: "She's not mean, Twilight, she's a hoot!"
Twilight Sparkle says: ""Celestia Just Like Us"?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Gabby Gums doesn't value anypony's privacy."
Rarity says: "Oh, lighten up, Twilight, it's nothing but harmless gossip!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yeah, Twilight, I mean listen to this one."
Pinkie Pie says: ""Mayor Not Naturally Gray!"
Pinkie Pie says: "" The Mayor in a mane dyeing scandal?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Who wouldn't wanna read that?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just can't help feeling sorry for the ponies featured in her columns."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's gotta be a little embarrassing."
Rainbow Dash says: "Are you kidding?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Do you know how awesome it is to get your name in the paper?"
Rarity says: "Rainbow, why don't you join me in one of these delicious hooficures?"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's that good, huh?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, maybe just one little hoof."
Rainbow Dash says: "Forget it, I don't like ponies touching my hooves."
Rainbow Dash says: "Man..."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'd love it if Gabby Gums did a story on me."
Spike says: "She did one on me."
Main cast says: "What?!"
Main cast says: "!"
Spike says: "Aaaah!"
Apple Bloom says: ""Exclusive!"
Apple Bloom says: "Local Dragon Tells All!"
Apple Bloom says: "Spike opens up about Canterlot, naps, and his favorite jams!"
Scootaloo says: "It's our best column yet!"
Diamond Tiara says: "More like your worst column yet!"
Diamond Tiara says: "Gabby Gums didn't become the biggest thing in Ponyville with namby-pamby stories like this!"
Apple Bloom says: "Yeah, she's right."
Apple Bloom says: "This column is a little softer than our usual gossip."
Sweetie Belle says: "Were you guys feeling guilty about all the gossip too?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Like..."
Sweetie Belle says: "maybe we could be hurting other ponies' feelings?"
Apple Bloom says: "Yeah, I didn't wanna say anything because everypony loves Gabby Gums so much, but..."
Apple Bloom says: "I was sorta hoping we could start writing more stories like this one."
Scootaloo says: "Me too."
Sweetie Belle says: "If we're gonna get our cutie marks, we've got to give the ponies what they want."
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "Awww..."
Applejack says: ""Applejack Asleep on the Job!"
Applejack says: "" Can y'all believe this?!"
Applejack says: "!"
Applejack says: "And this one: "Big McIntosh – What's He Hiding?"
Applejack says: "" Who the hay does this Gabby Gums think she is?!"
Applejack says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Listen to this one."
Twilight Sparkle says: ""Twilight Sparkle: I Was a Canterlot Snob."
Twilight Sparkle says: "A well-placed scaly source close to the prissy pony says Twilight Sparkle thinks Ponyville is nothing but muddy roads and low-class rubes."
Twilight Sparkle says: "" Spike!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "How could you say such a thing?"
Spike says: "Well, I didn't!"
Spike says: "Gabby Gums made that up!"
Spike says: "I never said anything like that!"
Rarity says: "Everypony, please!"
Rarity says: "She's just a harmless schoolpony engaged in a little harmless gossip."
Rarity says: "You're really making too big a deal out of this."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But it's all lies!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Gabby Gums prints whatever she wants!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "She doesn't care whose reputation she destroys!"
Twilight Sparkle says: ""Fluttershy Has Tail Extensions!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "" "Pinkie Pie is an Out-of-Control Party Animal!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's true!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I do have a problem!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, look!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "According to this one, the Cakes are breaking up!"
Mrs. Cake says: "We are?!"
Mrs. Cake says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Gabby Gums has made it to Cloudsdale."
Twilight Sparkle says: ""Rainbow Dash: Speed Demon or Super Softie?"
Twilight Sparkle says: ""?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I grabbed as many copies as I could, but it was too late!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm a laughing stock!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "See, Rarity?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Your so-called 'harmless gossip' can be very hurtful!"
Rarity says: "Honestly, you ponies have no sense of humor."
Rarity says: "So she tweaks a few ponies every now and then, maybe they deser–  I'll destroy her!"
Rarity says: ""The Drama-Queen Diaries"..."
Rarity says: "She's reprinted my diary!"
Rarity says: "How could Gabby Gums possibly get access to my private diary?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We've got to put a stop to this once and for all!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sweetie Belle's on the newspaper staff."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe she knows who Gabby Gums is."
Rarity says: "My sister would never associate with anyone as beastly as Gabby Gums!"
Rarity says: "I resent you even suggesting such a thing, Twilight!"
Rarity says: "–most evil pony in Equestria!"
Rarity says: "How could my own sister steal my private diary?"
Rarity says: "How could my own sister be..."
Rarity says: "Gabby Gums?"
Rarity says: "Et tu, Gabby Gums?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Sweetie Belle says: "You know?!"
Sweetie Belle says: "!"
Sweetie Belle says: "How'd you find out?!"
Sweetie Belle says: "!"
Rarity says: "The gilded pages of your betrayal!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Oh, yeah."
Rarity says: "How could you do this to me?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "You stole my secret diary and published it for all the world to read!"
Rarity says: "Gossip can be a very hurtful thing."
Rarity says: "It is an invasion of privacy, just like when I snooped through your saddlebag."
Rarity says: "You didn't like that much, did you?"
Sweetie Belle says: "No..."
Rarity says: "What is important is that you understand how your column makes the ponies that you're writing about feel!"
Sweetie Belle says: "I do understand, and we've all been feeling guilty, but we just want our cutie marks so badly!"
Rarity says: "Do you really think that writing nasty things and making everypony feel horrible is your destiny?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Well, when you put it that way..."
Diamond Tiara says: "No!"
Diamond Tiara says: "I won't let you quit!"
Sweetie Belle says: "But the gossip we've been printing is hurting everypony's feelings!"
Diamond Tiara says: "Feelings?!"
Diamond Tiara says: "!"
Diamond Tiara says: "I don't care about feelings!"
Diamond Tiara says: "Gabby Gums is my bread and butter, and I'm not gonna let you goody-two-horseshoes take that away from me!"
Sweetie Belle says: "We're sorry, Diamond Tiara, but we've made our decision."
Scootaloo says: "Yeah, you can't force us to keep gossiping."
Diamond Tiara says: "When you see these..."
Diamond Tiara says: "you may not want to quit after all."
Diamond Tiara says: "I told Featherweight to document everything..."
Diamond Tiara says: "..."
Diamond Tiara says: "And that's exactly what he did."
Scootaloo says: "Gimme those!"
Diamond Tiara says: "Sorry, girls, property of the Foal Free Press."
Diamond Tiara says: "And if Gabby Gums really does go into retirement, I'll need something to fill that empty column space."
Diamond Tiara says: "Now get out there and bring me more Gabby Gums!"
Sweetie Belle says: "We'll find a way out of this, girls."
Scootaloo says: "Maybe Rainbow Dash will have a story for us."
Scootaloo says: "She's always good for some gossip."
Apple Bloom says: "Rainbow Dash!"
Apple Bloom says: "Hey, Rainbow Dash!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, if it isn't Gabby Gums!"
Sweetie Belle says: "You heard too, huh?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Are you kidding?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Everypony in town knows it's you three."
Scootaloo says: "Don't suppose you'd let us write a column on you, huh?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Oh, hi, Angel."
Sweetie Belle says: "Is Fluttershy home?"
Scootaloo says: "Hey, what gives?"
Spike says: "A-ha!"
Spike says: "Twilight thought you might try to show your faces around here, so she put up a force field."
Apple Bloom says: "Aw, c'mon, Applejack!"
Apple Bloom says: "You're not mad at us too, are you?"
Applejack says: "Eeyup."
Apple Bloom says: "You're not even gonna talk to us?"
Applejack says: "Nnope."
Big McIntosh says: "You should be ashamed of yourself, humiliatin' your sister 'n' me like that."
Big McIntosh says: "We don't wanna talk to any o' y'all right now so take your little gossip column and your embarrassing photographs and just go away!"
Sweetie Belle says: "We've ruined all of our friendships and we still don't have our cutie marks!"
Apple Bloom says: "This is the worst day ever!"
Scootaloo says: "Oh yeah?"
Scootaloo says: "Wait 'til tomorrow, our most embarrassing moments are about to be published for everypony to laugh at."
Apple Bloom says: "So what do we do?"
Sweetie Belle says: "I don't know, but we're not leaving this clubhouse until we think of something!"
Diamond Tiara says: "That's it, Gabby Gums is out of time."
Diamond Tiara says: "Run these instead."
Diamond Tiara says: "I want this paper on every street corner in Ponyville!"
"Shady Daze" says: "Yes, ma'am!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Stop the presses!"
"Shady Daze" says: "Uh..."
"Shady Daze" says: "they haven't started yet."
Scootaloo says: "We have a Gabby Gums column!"
Diamond Tiara says: "Hmph, you're lucky I'm nice."
Diamond Tiara says: "This better not happen again, or else."
Diamond Tiara says: ""An Open Letter to Ponyville by Gabby Gums"?!"
Diamond Tiara says: "!"
Diamond Tiara says: "What is this?!"
Diamond Tiara says: "!"
Diamond Tiara says: "Ooh, they're not gonna get away with this!"
Diamond Tiara says: "I'll publish those photos tomorrow!"
Diamond Tiara says: "They messed with the wrong pony!"
For some time now, you've been reading this column to get the latest dirt and the hottest buzz. But this will be my final piece. We want to apologize for the pain and embarrassment we've caused.
Apple Bloom says: "Y'see, I'm actually three little fillies, Sweetie Belle, Apple Bloom, and Scootaloo."
Scootaloo says: "As the popularity of our column grew, we got swept up in the hype."
Scootaloo says: "We knew that what we were doing didn't feel quite right, but we ignored the guilt because everypony seemed to want to read what we were writing."
Sweetie Belle says: "From now on, we promise to respect everypony else's privacy, and we won't engage in hurtful gossip any more."
Apple Bloom says: "All we can do is ask for your forgiveness, Ponyville."
Signing off for the very last time,.
XOXO, Gabby Gums.
Cheerilee says: "Well, staff, I guess I gave a little too much authority to a first-time editor."
Cheerilee says: "I'm sorry, Diamond Tiara, I have to strip you of your title."
Cheerilee says: "And for the next editor of the Foal Free Press..."
Cheerilee says: "..."
Cheerilee says: "here's your new editor-in-chief, Featherweight!"
Diamond Tiara says: "Ugh!"
Diamond Tiara says: "Him?"
Diamond Tiara says: "But what about me?!"
Diamond Tiara says: "!"
"Shady Daze" says: "Here ya go!"
"Shady Daze" says: "I've been promoted to staff photographer!"