Fluttershy says: "Oh, good."
Fluttershy says: "We're all here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So everypony got an urgent summons to the castle with no explanation?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yup!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I just love a good mysterious summons."
Pinkie Pie says: "What's it about?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Do you think it's a surprise party?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hey!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Why are we running?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Because something could be terribly wrong!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Somepony turned bad?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Another evil creature back for revenge?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Applejack says: "Don't you think you're bein' a little paranoid?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why else would the Princesses send scrolls in such a hurry?"
Rarity says: "Good point."
Rarity says: "They know better than to make us worry."
Pinkie Pie says: "Plus, I like it when you run so fast, the walls get all blurry!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Wheeee!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Race ya!"
Princess Celestia says: "Girls."
Princess Celestia says: "Thank you so much for coming."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What's wrong?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What can we do?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Princess Luna says: "That's just it."
Princess Luna says: "Nothing's wrong!"
Princess Luna says: "Everything's perfect!"
Applejack says: "Did y'all call us down here just to tell us that?"
Rarity says: "With all due respect, majesties, you might want to save your urgent summons for matters that are a bit more..."
Rarity says: "well, urgent!"
Princess Luna says: "Well, there is more to it."
Princess Luna says: "Equestria is currently enjoying its longest period of harmony in recent years."
Princess Celestia says: "And it's all thanks to you, Twilight."
Princess Celestia says: "And your friends, of course."
Spike says: "Who, us?"
Rarity says: "Oh, pshaw."
Rainbow Dash says: "It's about time you noticed!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thank you!"
Princess Luna says: "Because of your efforts, there's been less and less for us to do."
Princess Celestia says: "So, after much consideration, my sister and I have decided it is time for us..."
Princess Celestia says: "to retire!"
Discord says: "Breaking news!"
Discord says: "The royal princesses retiring!"
Discord says: "I have so many questions!"
Discord says: "Who'll take over?"
Discord says: "Who will run Equestria?"
Discord says: "Will it be someone tall, dark, and handsome?"
Discord says: "Or will it be the Lord of Chaos?"
Discord says: "Oh, fine."
Discord says: "Go with the obvious choice."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're retiring?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Spike says: "Princesses can retire?"
Princess Luna says: "Of course we can."
Princess Luna says: "I for one am looking forward to a little R&R."
Princess Luna says: "Maybe a trip to Silver Shoals."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And you want me to take your place?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Princess Celestia says: "Mm-hmm!"
Princess Luna says: "Mm-hmm!"
Princess Luna says: "With the help of your friends, of course!"
Princess Celestia says: "We can't think of anypony more worthy."
Princess Celestia says: "Over the years, we've watched you grow."
Princess Celestia says: "You've faced task after task..."
Princess Luna says: "..."
Princess Luna says: "challenge after challenge..."
Discord says: "Countless adversities, yeah, yeah, yeah, we get it..."
Princess Celestia says: "And you've always prevailed."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thank you, but that doesn't mean that I'm—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "that we're ready to do what you do!"
Princess Celestia says: "Oh, of course you are."
Princess Celestia says: "I realize this is a lot to take in, but—"
Rainbow Dash says: "Nope!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Makes perfect sense."
Rainbow Dash says: "We're awesome!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Does this mean we get all your powers?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ooh, ooh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I call dibs on showing up in everypony's dreams!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You can't be ready to step into their horseshoes just like that!"
Applejack says: "Well, if the princesses think it's time to retire, we're not a bad choice."
Applejack says: "We always have Equestria's best interests at heart."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's a fair point..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "which should be taken into consideration when we have a round table discussion—"
Rarity says: "Well, I'm in!"
Rarity says: "Darlings, we'll all need a complete wardrobe update!"
Rarity says: "And I would love to pick your brain about mane maintenance when you have a moment."
Fluttershy says: "As long as we all have each other, I'm sure we can do it!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yay!"
Pinkie Pie says: ""Protectors of Equestria" on three!"
Pinkie Pie says: "One..."
Pinkie Pie says: "two..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If you're all on board, I guess I am, too."
Mane Six says: "Protectors of Equestria!"
Spike says: "Protectors of Equestria!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It'll be a bit of an adjustment, but I imagine the transfer of power will be a lengthy process, which will—"
Princess Celestia says: "Actually, we just need a few days to put together a little ceremony."
Twilight Sparkle says: "A few days?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But that's so soon!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Shouldn't there be some sort of training program that lasts weeks?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No, months?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "If not years?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Princess Celestia says: "Everything you've gone through over the years has been a training program."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, but there's gotta be a guide or a rulebook!"
Discord says: "Yes, I have it right here."
Discord says: ""How to Rule Equestria", by Nopony McPretendsmith."
Princess Luna says: "The friendship journal you wrote yourselves is a better guide than any we could provide."
Princess Celestia says: "We have the utmost confidence in you."
Princess Luna says: "And we hope you have the same in yourself."
Discord says: "Oh, I'm absolutely certain she does."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I am not confident about this at all!"
Discord says: "Well, that's what I thought."
Discord says: "I was being sarcastic before."
Discord says: "What?"
Discord says: "This is all so predictable."
Discord says: "Now's the part where you all tell little Sparkle here that everything is going to be fine, but she won't believe you."
Discord says: "Ugh."
Discord says: "I don't need to be here for this."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's just..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know I said yes, but then they said "in a few days", and there's still so much to figure out!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's all happening so fast!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'll feel much better—"
Rarity says: "—"
Rarity says: "once you make a plan?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, wow."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's like you—"
Spike says: "—"
Spike says: "knew you were going to react this way?"
Spike says: "We did."
Pinkie Pie says: "Classic "Twilight-ing"."
Twilight Sparkle says: ""Twilight-ing"?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You made me a verb?"
Applejack says: "It's not a bad thing."
Applejack says: "We just know you have a..."
Applejack says: "process."
Rainbow Dash says: "Stage one – you get big news and you're like "Nooooo!"
Rainbow Dash says: "", but then you pace, and you chart, you worry..."
Fluttershy says: "It's okay."
Fluttershy says: "You go ahead and "Twilight", and we'll be here for you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're all acting so calm!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But this is a big deal!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What do we do if something big happens and the princesses aren't there to help?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Um, if you think about it, they literally almost never help."
Applejack says: "Huh."
Pinkie Pie says: "And we still always win!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Like when Sombra almost took back the Crystal Empire, or when Chrysalis pretended to be Cadance, or when Tirek came back and absorbed all the magic, or the other time Chrysalis tried to take over, or with Cozy Glow and the school!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Am I missing anything?"
Rarity says: "Pony of Shadows."
Spike says: "Starlight when she was evil."
Fluttershy says: "Discord when he was evil."
Applejack says: "Do Flim and Flam count?"
Rainbow Dash says: "See?"
Rainbow Dash says: "We've almost always done things without the princesses' help!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Which makes sense now, because it was all just training for you to take over!"
Spike says: "And it worked!"
Spike says: "I mean, if you think about it, there hasn't been a single villain that we couldn't defeat."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Phew!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "One day, you'll see!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "I will defeat Twilight Sparkle and her friends!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "And they will pay for stealing my kingdom!"
Cozy Glow says: "Psst, Tirek!"
Lord Tirek says: "It is Lord Tirek."
Lord Tirek says: "And what is it now?"
Cozy Glow says: "I just wanna make sure you can see my best friends rock sculpture from over there!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Lord Tirek!"
Lord Tirek says: "A changeling?"
Lord Tirek says: "See?"
Lord Tirek says: "She gets it."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Chrysalis, queen of the changelings!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Or at least I will be, when I'm restored to my rightful place!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Why did you summon me?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "What do you want?!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "!"
Cozy Glow says: "Oh, golly!"
Cozy Glow says: "We didn't bring you!"
Cozy Glow says: "I thought you freed us from Tartarus!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Tartarus?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Whoever pulled you from there must have been somepony very powerful indeed."
Queen Chrysalis says: "King Sombra!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "You have returned?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Why did you bring us here?"
Grogar says: "He didn't."
Grogar says: "It was I."
Grogar says: "You may call me..."
Grogar says: "Grogar."
Queen Chrysalis says: "The Grogar?"
Lord Tirek says: "I thought that you were a legend!"
King Sombra says: "I've heard of you."
Cozy Glow says: "Who?"
Grogar says: "I assure you, I am very real."
Grogar says: "And you have all been brought here as part of my plan to rid Equestria of Twilight Sparkle and her friends once and for all."
Cozy Glow says: "I am so sorry, but the name 'Grofar'?"
Cozy Glow says: "It just doesn't ring any bells."
Grogar says: "Grogar!"
Grogar says: "I have been away too long if my name no longer strikes fear into the heart of one so tiny."
Grogar says: "Perhaps a demonstration of power is in order?"
Lord Tirek says: "Grogar is ancient and extremely powerful."
Lord Tirek says: "The land that would become Equestria was a mere collection of farms and pastures until he declared himself emperor of all he saw."
Lord Tirek says: "I remember hearing tales of his tyranny when I was young."
King Sombra says: "I have also heard of the first Emperor of Equestria."
King Sombra says: "The "Father of Monsters"."
Grogar says: "I gave life to the foulest of creatures and allowed them to run wild, taking what they wanted and destroying the rest."
Grogar says: "My reign was a glorious, fear-soaked epoch of darkness in Equestria."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Ha!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Until Gusty the Great rose up and banished you."
Grogar says: "That fool believed taking my bell would defeat me!"
Grogar says: "But she only weakened me temporarily."
Cozy Glow says: "Um, Tirek is really old –  but if he knew about you when he was young, we have super different ideas about what "temporarily" means."
Grogar says: "Silence!"
Grogar says: "I've spent millennia gathering power, biding my time, waiting for the perfect opportunity to seize control of Equestria!"
Grogar says: "And watching all of you."
Grogar says: "I've seen each of your humiliating defeats at the hooves of six puny ponies."
Grogar says: "And do you know why they've always bested you?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Because they cheat!"
Lord Tirek says: "Because they are annoyingly lucky."
Cozy Glow says: "I'm just a kid, so..."
Grogar says: "It is because they work together."
Grogar says: "Where one is weak, another is strong, and thus unified, they are a formidable force!"
Grogar says: "But we shall use their own strategy to defeat them."
Queen Chrysalis says: "What are you suggesting?"
Grogar says: "I suggest nothing."
Grogar says: "I demand that you join me, and together, Equestria will be ours!"
King Sombra says: "I don't do "ours"."
King Sombra says: "I only do mine."
King Sombra says: "I will take back the Crystal Empire on my own, and I will destroy any pony who gets in my way!"
Grogar says: "Such confidence."
Grogar says: "Go!"
Grogar says: "Try to take back your kingdom."
Grogar says: "I shall send you there myself."
Grogar says: "If you prevail, you may keep it."
Grogar says: "But when you fail, you will submit to me!"
King Sombra says: "And if I refuse this deal?"
Grogar says: "Then I shall return you to the darkness from which you were summoned."
King Sombra says: "Fine!"
King Sombra says: "But this is a waste of time, as I will crush those who defy me."
King Sombra says: "I will defeat all who get in my way!"
King Sombra says: "I'm—"
Grogar says: "I advise the rest of you to prepare to work together!"
Cozy Glow says: "Well, working together sounds an awful lot like making friends, so..."
Cozy Glow says: "you two are in luck, because I know all about that!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Twi!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You in here?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "With the school closed for the summer, I didn't think anypony would be here—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "So much to do, not enough time!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I already did that!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wait, no, I didn't!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uggggh, not enough time!"
Spike says: "Help!"
Spike says: "She's spiraling!"
Spike says: "We're at the "my plan needs a plan" stage of a total Twilight meltdown!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Did I write down "eliminate redundant lists" on my School of Friendship to-do list or my personal to-do list?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Twilight!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Gah!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Starlight!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, good, you're here!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I need to talk to you."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Okay..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hang on, I had "talk to Starlight" written down on one of these."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just let me find it so I can cross it off!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Wow, you are "Twilight-ing" hard."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You say "Twilight-ing", too?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well excuuuuse me!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is the first time I've ever been asked to run a whole kingdom!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Uh, you're right, you're right."
Starlight Glimmer says: "So, what did you want to talk to me about?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ah, here it is!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I wrote it down."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Starlight, you have blossomed into one of the strongest, smartest, most caring ponies I know, and I can't think of anypony better to leave in charge of my castle and the School of Friendship!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "So what do you think?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You want me to take care of the castle and run the school?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Uh..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I can't!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm not ready!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Remember what happened the last time you left me in charge?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "And now you want me to do it permanently?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What if I don't do the right things?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What if—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Starlight, get a hold of yourself!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You've risen to every challenge you've ever faced."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You can do anything you put your mind to."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You've got this."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Hah!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "And so do you."
Starlight Glimmer says: "See what I did there?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You just said everything you need to hear."
Spike says: "It was a valiant effort."
Crystal Ponies screaming.
Shining Armor says: "The guard says Sombra's breached the castle!"
Princess Cadance says: "Hurry, Twilight!"
Princess Cadance says: "We need you!"
Princess Cadance says: "Do you have Flurry Heart?"
Shining Armor says: "I thought you had her."
Flurry Heart says: "Mama!"
Princess Cadance says: "You won't get away with this!"
King Sombra says: "Oh, but I already have."
King Sombra says: "With the Crystal Heart now in my possession, there is nothing to stop me from ruling the Crystal Empire!"
King Sombra says: "Kneel before Sombra!"
King Sombra says: "Long live the king."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thanks for coming so quickly—"
Discord says: "Sure thing."
Discord says: "But if you're gonna be the ruler of Equestria, you may want to work on your penmanship."
Discord says: "This looks like it says, "Cadance sent an emergency message."
Discord says: "Sombra's back, and he's taking over the Crystal Empire."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's exactly what it says!"
Rarity says: "But..."
Rarity says: "But how is that possible?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "I thought the Crystal Heart had dispelled him into the ether!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I have no idea!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But he's back, and it's up to us to save the Empire and my family!"
Fluttershy says: "Shouldn't somepony tell Celestia and Luna?"
Discord says: "Ooh, good point!"
Discord says: "One of us should probably loop in the real rulers of Equestria."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If we're going to run Equestria, we'll need to handle things like this on our own."
Discord says: "Oh, Twilight!"
Discord says: "Could this mean that you finally have the confidence to ascend to the throne like the princesses believe you can?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Unless you'd consider taking care of Sombra for us?"
Discord says: "Oh, no-no-no-no!"
Discord says: "You're absolutely right!"
Discord says: "You need to learn how to handle these things on your own."
Discord says: "Ta-ta!"
Applejack says: "Handlin' things on our own is all well and good, but last time we defeated Sombra with the Crystal Heart."
Spike says: "What if he has it already?"
Spike says: "How are we gonna stop him?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "With the Elements of Harmony!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "With those, we can defeat anypony!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Even Sombra!"
Discord says: "Ah, no-no-no."
Discord says: "You didn't need the Elements the last time you defeated Sombra."
Discord says: "And I'm not sure that using them still counts as "handling things on your own"."
Twilight Sparkle says: "My family is in danger."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm not taking any chances."
Rainbow Dash says: "She's got a point."
Discord says: "Ugh, fine."
Pinkie Pie says: "What's his problem?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "-take care of the school?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I've got you covered."
King Sombra says: "It's cute that you think that will do anything."
Princess Cadance says: "It might not, but they will!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Cavalry's here!"
King Sombra says: "How can I be surprised when I'm waiting to show all of you your greatest fear?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh..."
Princess Celestia says: "Oh, Twilight."
Princess Celestia says: "How disappointing."
Princess Luna says: "Equestria was in your care, and you let it be destroyed!"
King Sombra says: "You should all surrender!"
King Sombra says: "Nothing can defeat your own fears!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We didn't need to defeat them."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We just needed to face them long enough to distract you!"
King Sombra says: "Nooooo!"
Shining Armor says: "It's cute that you think that'll do anything."
King Sombra says: "You may have won the battle, but I shall win the war!"
Spike says: "Yeah!"
Spike says: "Whoo-hoo-hoo!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We totally just wiped the castle with that guy!"
Shining Armor says: "Thanks, Twily."
Pinkie Pie says: "That was fun!"
Applejack says: "And easy."
Rarity says: "As magical battles go, that was a cakewalk."
Pinkie Pie says: "Mmm..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Cakewalk..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We did handle this pretty well."
Twilight Sparkle says: "On our own."
Spike says: "Does this mean..."
Spike says: "?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I still don't feel like I'm one hundred percent ready, but will I ever?"
Applejack says: "Knowing you?"
Applejack says: "Nope."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I have you guys, and we have the Elements."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And together, we've never failed."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We'll be okay."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Once again, Equestria is safe."
Fluttershy says: "What should we do to celebrate?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I vote for a cakewalk!"
Applejack says: "What's goin' on?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know!"