Twilight Sparkle says: "I have to admit I was a little shocked when Princess Celestia told me she wanted to start a scholastic buckball league."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I was even more surprised that she wanted the first game to be between her school and ours!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Apparently, she's a huge sports fan."
Pinkie Pie says: "Always thought Celestia was kind of a jock, just with really wavy hair."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Anyway, we don't have much time."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The game is in two weeks, and I want all of you to coach the team!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know how you feel."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Young athletes ready to take the field."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ooh, you could almost breathe in the excitement!"
Snails says: "I don't think you should breathe it in so hard."
Fluttershy says: "It's just..."
Fluttershy says: "Two weeks doesn't feel like a whole lot of time to train a whole team."
Pinkie Pie says: "Mmmmaybe the School of Magic could play a few other schools first."
Pinkie Pie says: "Like the Mane and Tail Styling College or the Scroll-Making Institute?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Relax."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're gonna do just fine."
Fluttershy says: "Um,  what makes you so sure?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Because I have faith in my friends, who also happen to be the best buckball players in Equestria!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, yeah!"
Fluttershy says: "I guess that is sort of true."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I asked Rainbow Dash to help, too."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I'm not sure when she—"
Rainbow Dash says: "Sorry I'm late!"
Rainbow Dash says: "But when Twilight said she needed my help with the buckball team, I figured I'd better grab every piece of coaching equipment I could find!"
Rainbow Dash says: "So what should I focus on?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Offense?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Defense?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Trick plays?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I was thinking of something even more important."
Rainbow Dash says: "Awesome!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Lay it on me."
Rainbow Dash says: "Whatever it is, I'll give it a hundred and twenty percent!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I knew I could count on your enthusiasm!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's why I want you to coach the cheer squad!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Cheerleading?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I don't mean to sound ungrateful."
Rainbow Dash says: "It's just when you said you wanted my help with something important, I thought you meant something important."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The cheer squad is important."
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh."
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, sure, cheer squad is totally important to somepony who isn't me."
Rainbow Dash says: "But I'm more about ponies playing in the game, not cheering for it."
Rainbow Dash says: "I mean, it's great that some ponies only want to cheer, though I don't know why they would."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hmmm."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, maybe this will be a good opportunity for you to find out."
Rainbow Dash says: "Of course I've seen cheer squads before – on the sidelines – but I'm not even a hundred percent sure what they do."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'll probably just mess it up."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think you might be surprised."
Twilight Sparkle says: "In fact, I'm more sure than ever that you're the perfect choice."
Snips says: "I'm actually one hundred and twenty percent sure."
Snips says: "And it's a good thing, too."
Snips says: "The cheer squad really needs you."
Rainbow Dash says: "What do you mean?"
Snips says: "Well, I've been helping out, and let's put it this way."
Snips says: "We've got two weeks until the big game, and..."
Snips says: "we could use two years."
Snips says: "But that's all gonna change because you're here to save the day!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay..."
Rainbow Dash says: "So why are you here?"
Snips says: "What?"
Snips says: "A pony can't show school spirit?"
Rainbow Dash says: "You don't even go to this school."
Snips says: "Uh, okay."
Snips says: "When I went to the Buckball Hall of Fame, I found out buckball souvenirs are big bits."
Snips says: "If Twilight's team does well, I could start selling them full-time in Ponyville!"
Snips says: "So I have a vested interest, and you have an assistant coach!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh."
Lighthoof says: "She's here!"
Shimmy Shake says: "Get the lights!"
Lighthoof.
Rainbow Dash says: "Dancing."
Rainbow Dash says: "Right."
Rainbow Dash says: "I've seen you two around school, haven't I?"
Shimmy Shake says: "I'm Shimmy Shake, and this is Lighthoof."
Lighthoof says: "And we are your lead dancers."
Rainbow Dash says: "I didn't know you three would be here."
Yona says: "Yona want to cheer and make pony pyramid!"
Ocellus says: "And I thought this could be my chance to make an impression on everypony."
Ocellus says: "You know, for something other than changing shape."
Rainbow Dash says: "I didn't realize you were into school spirit, Smolder."
Smolder says: "Eh."
Smolder says: "I just came with these two."
Smolder says: "Guess they think you can make cheer squad cool or something."
Rainbow Dash says: "Don't count on it."
Snips says: "Okay!"
Snips says: "Now that we're all here, why don't you tell us the plan?"
Snips says: "How are you gonna make us into the most awesome cheer squad ever?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Eh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'unno."
Rainbow Dash says: "I mean, if you guys were an actual buckball team, I'd have plenty of ideas."
Rainbow Dash says: "But I don't know anything about cheerleading."
Snips says: "Oh!"
Snips says: "Yes!"
Snips says: "Good one, coach!"
Snips says: "But Headmare Twilight picked you for the job, so I'm pretty sure you know what you're doing."
Rainbow Dash says: "If you say so."
Snips says: "Right."
Snips says: "Okay, gang, let's show Rainbow Dash what we've been working on, and she can take it from there."
Yona says: "Cheer squad can do that!"
Lighthoof says: "Yup."
Lighthoof says: "All we need is a little music!"
Shimmy Shake says: "Over..."
Shimmy Shake says: "and over..."
Shimmy Shake says: "and over a..."
Shimmy Shake says: "gain!"
Lighthoof says: "We want to dance..."
Lighthoof says: "for each other and for all of our friends!"
Smolder says: "Two, four, six, eight."
Ocellus says: "Uh..."
Ocellus says: "friendship school is really..."
Ocellus says: "great."
Smolder says: "Well, that was a disaster."
Shimmy Shake says: "It's kind of hard to stick to our choreography when the floor is moving."
Lighthoof says: "Yeah, Yona, your stomps are a little too powerful."
Yona says: "Can we make pony pyramid instead?"
Ocellus says: "Maybe we should figure out what cheers we should do first."
Smolder says: "Yeah, because that'll fix everything."
Snips says: "So, I mean, there's a few..."
Snips says: "uh, a lot of problems, but nothing you can't solve, right?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Huh?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, yeah."
Rainbow Dash says: "Listen, you guys don't have anything to worry about."
Smolder says: "We don't?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Nope."
Rainbow Dash says: "In fact, I think what you all just did is totally fine."
Rainbow Dash says: "You guys have got this."
Rainbow Dash says: "So, uh, I'm just gonna head down to the field."
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, great practice, everypony!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What are you doing?"
Snips says: "What are you doing?!"
Snips says: "!"
Snips says: "You've got to come back and coach the squad!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I watched them cheer stuff."
Rainbow Dash says: "Looked fine to me."
Snips says: "Well, it's not!"
Snips says: "Do you know what'll happen if they do what they just did at the big game?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, nothing?"
Snips says: "Uh, wrong!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ooh!"
Snips says: "A good cheer squad gets the fans excited, which gets the team excited."
Snips says: "But if nopony's excited, then no..."
Snips says: "pony..."
Snips says: "buys..."
Snips says: "any..."
Snips says: "souvenirs!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I think you're blowing this a little out of proportion."
Snips says: "Point is, if I'm going to make any bits at these games, that squad has to get better."
Snips says: "And to do that, they need a coach."
Rainbow Dash says: "You know what?"
Rainbow Dash says: "You're right!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Why don't you do it?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I mean, you're the one with a vested interest."
Snails says: "The trick to being a good buckball keeper is to do nothin'."
Snails says: "Just empty your mind."
Snails says: "Be the ball."
Pizzelle says: "Uh, balls don't have minds."
Snails says: "Exactly."
"November Rain" says: "Uh, where's my blindfold?"
"Berry Bliss" says: "My turn!"
Pizzelle says: "I want to do that!"
"Berry Bliss" says: "Over here!"
Smolder says: "Why are you watching Snails' weird practice when you're supposed to be practicing with us?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Snails' practice is definitely weird."
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, I thought Snips was practicing with you."
Smolder says: "He was."
Shimmy Shake says: "Do you have any idea how hard it is to dance in this stuff?"
Ocellus says: "Plus all these buttons jingle so much, you can't hear my cheers."
Smolder says: "Speaking up might help a little."
Rainbow Dash says: "So don't dance and cheer."
Yona says: "Uh, then what cheer squad do?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I dunno."
Smolder says: "Or whatever."
Smolder says: "You're the coach!"
Smolder says: "You're supposed to come up with stuff for us to do."
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay."
Rainbow Dash says: "I've got something for you to do."
Snails says: "Just do nothing."
Snails says: "Empty your minds."
Snails says: "Be the squad."
Smolder says: "We are the squad."
Snails says: "Oh, yeah."
Snips says: "At least helping sell my souvenirs was..."
Snips says: "something."
Yona says: "Yona still not understand how this make us better."
Yona says: "Huh?"
Yona says: "Professor Dash needs to stay and coach!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You guys asked me to come up with something, and I did."
Smolder says: "I don't think nothing counts."
Rainbow Dash says: "Then I'm out of ideas."
Snails says: "This is the School of Friendship."
Snails says: "If you need ideas, you should ask your friends for help."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh, fine."
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay."
Rainbow Dash says: "Since you guys have been nagging me nonstop about this cheer stuff for, like, ever..."
Smolder says: "It has literally been one day."
Rainbow Dash says: "..."
Rainbow Dash says: "I went around and got everything you need!"
Smolder says: "Uh, what're we supposed to do with hay?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Beats me, but Applejack seemed pretty sure about it."
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, I almost forgot."
Ocellus says: "A rhyming dictionary?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah."
Rainbow Dash says: "Zecora's a lot less helpful than you'd think."
Rainbow Dash says: "That's from the library so you can come up with cheers."
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Good practice!"
Smolder says: "So, you're just leaving again?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Look."
Rainbow Dash says: "I talked to my friends, and they said this is the stuff you need."
Rainbow Dash says: "Wouldn't a true cheer squad be able to figure out what to do with it?"
Lighthoof says: "But Fluttershy and Pinkie wanted us to show 'em everything we come up with tomorrow!"
Shimmy Shake says: "They want us to get the team all excited before the big game!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, then it's a good thing I got you all this stuff."
Rainbow Dash says: "You better get to work!"
Snips says: "Don't look at me."
Fluttershy says: "Good work, everypony!"
Fluttershy says: "Let's take a break!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Wow!"
Rainbow Dash says: "This team is really shaping up!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Nice job!"
Fluttershy says: "Thanks."
Fluttershy says: "I'm excited to see what you've been up to."
Pinkie Pie says: "Yeah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I can't wait to see the cheer squad!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh."
Rainbow Dash says: "You're serious."
Pinkie Pie says: "Woo-hoo!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Go, team!"
Pinkie Pie says: "This is so exciting!"
Fluttershy says: "Well, I'm sure you've put in a lot of hard work."
Rainbow Dash says: "How much work does cheer squad need?"
Snips says: "Anypony want to buy an official School of Friendship cheer squad headband?"
Snips says: "Now I personally would buy them before the performance!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Huh?"
Fluttershy says: "Huh?"
Shimmy Shake.
Over... and over... and over again!
Lighthoof.
We wanna dance for each other and for all of our friends!
Smolder.
Ocellus.
Let's win this game and hit the... oh, what rhymes with "rah"? Spa?
Shimmy Shake says: "Yona!"
Lighthoof says: "Yona!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I know I said I couldn't wait to see the cheer squad, but maybe I could've waited just a teensy bit longer."
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, yeah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Nice one!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Huh?"
Rainbow Dash says: "What?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I don't know what everypony's so upset about."
Rainbow Dash says: "So it wasn't great."
Rainbow Dash says: "Cheerleading's never great."
Rainbow Dash says: "That's why everypony gets up to get a snack during it."
Rainbow Dash says: "What is the big deal?"
Shimmy Shake says: "If you don't know, there's no point in us trying to explain it to you!"
Lighthoof says: "Lead dancers, out!"
Shimmy Shake says: "Hmph!"
Lighthoof says: "Hmph!"
Smolder says: "It's not that we were bad."
Smolder says: "It's that you didn't even want to try to help us get better!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I didn't try?"
Rainbow Dash says: "What are you talking about?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I got you a party cannon!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's not my fault you couldn't figure out how to use it right."
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ponies might actually care about cheer squad if she cheered like that all the time."
Smolder says: "Why would you say ponies don't care about cheer squad?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Because they don't."
Smolder says: "No."
Smolder says: "You don't."
Smolder says: "But they do!"
Smolder says: "I bet Headmare Twilight does!"
Smolder says: "And you know what?"
Smolder says: "I do, too!"
Smolder says: "I actually got excited when I found out you were gonna be our coach!"
Smolder says: "I figured if anypony can make cheer squad awesome, it's you!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Me?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Why?"
Smolder says: "Because everything's always awesome with you!"
Smolder says: "Or twenty percent cooler!"
Smolder says: "Or whatever!"
Smolder says: "You're the most enthusiastic pony in Equestria when it's something you care about."
Smolder says: "I just wish we were one of those things."
Snips says: "And it looks like my assistant cheer coach/souvenir selling business is a bust."
Snips says: "So I'm gonna take off, unless you can think of something else for me to do."
Rainbow Dash says: "Maybe I can."
Yona says: "Yaks hate loud noises!"
Ocellus says: "Aah!"
Snips says: "Squad meeting!"
Snips says: "Outside!"
Snips says: "ASAP!"
Snips says: "Dance ponies, buckball field, pronto!"
Snips says: "Hey, dragon!"
Snips says: "Get out here and join your squad!"
Smolder says: "So, what?"
Smolder says: "Is there some new button you wanna sell?"
Snips says: "Not a button."
Cheer Squad says: "Ugh..."
Smolder says: "Not this again."
Lighthoof says: "Sorry."
Lighthoof says: "We're not buying."
Rainbow Dash says: "Wait!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Look, I know I haven't been a great coach because I don't care about cheerleading."
Rainbow Dash says: "But all of you do, and I care about you."
Rainbow Dash says: "So I guess maybe I care about cheer squad."
Rainbow Dash says: "And a good friend reminded me that I can make anything I care about totally awesome."
Rainbow Dash says: "So from now on, I'm gonna give this thing a hundred and twenty percent, and I expect the same from you."
Rainbow Dash says: "We are gonna dance!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We are gonna cheer!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We're gonna make the biggest pony pyramid Equestria's ever seen!"
Rainbow Dash says: "And when we're done, we're gonna make sure everypony on that field is so pumped up, they'll forget they even came to see a game!"
Snips says: "Ah!"
Snips says: "But not so pumped up that they forget to buy a pennant or a button or a quality souvenir T-shirt."
Snips says: "What?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yahoo!"
Princess Celestia says: "I realize the game of buckball traditionally requires an Earth pony, a Pegasus, and a unicorn, but I appreciate you allowing my students to compete."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Of course, and the wings and magical-dampening ring you made seem to be working really well."
Princess Celestia says: "Indeed, though not as well as your team."
Princess Celestia says: "COME ON, SCHOOL OF MAGIC!"
Fluttershy says: "Ohhhh!"
Fluttershy says: "The suspense is horrible!"
Fluttershy says: "I'm the most nervous I've ever been, and that's saying something."
Rainbow Dash says: "I know how you feel!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Don't worry!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Celestia's team might be tough, but we can still win this thing!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, yeah, totally."
Rainbow Dash says: "But I wasn't talking about the game."
Rainbow Dash says: "Come on, come on, come on, come on!"
Announcer says: "And that's the end of the first half!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Aaah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Sorry!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Can't talk right now!"
Fluttershy says: "I sure hope Dash being nervous is a good sign."
Shimmy Shake.
Over and over and over again!
Lighthoof.
We'll cheer for our team 'til the ve-ry end!
Ocellus.
Everypony in the crowd, if you're feeling hip.
When I say "friend-", you say "-ship"!
Friend!
Crowd.
Ship!
Ocellus.
Friend!
Crowd.
Ship!
Ocellus.
Welcome, everypony, to the halftime show.
We're the friendship squad, and we're ready to go!
We're here to cheer and get you all excited.
If you'd like to join in, then you're all invited!
It's a simple cheer, so don't chime in late.
All.
It goes two, four, six, GREAT!
Rainbow Dash says: "Not bad, right?"
Pinkie Pie says: "They..."
Fluttershy says: "They..."
Pinkie Pie says: "were..."
Fluttershy says: "were..."
Pinkie Pie says: "awesome!"
Fluttershy says: "awesome!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, they have a pretty decent coach."
Announcer says: "And that's the game."
Announcer says: "Final score—"
Announcer says: "School of Magic, five; School of Friendship, four."
Fluttershy says: "Nice work, everyone."
Fluttershy says: "You can't win them all."
Pinkie Pie says: "Sometimes, that's just how the cupcake crumbles."
Rainbow Dash says: "You guys were amazing!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It was flawless."
Rainbow Dash says: "I can't think of any way that could've been better!"
Smolder says: "We could have won the game."
Rainbow Dash says: "The game was just a sideshow."
Rainbow Dash says: "You guys were the main event!"
Princess Celestia says: "I'm glad to see such good sportsponyship on display."
Princess Celestia says: "Your cheer squad was an inspiration, Rainbow Dash."
Princess Celestia says: "I'll have to start one at my school as well."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wow, Rainbow Dash!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's almost like you were the perfect pony to coach cheer squad after all!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Wait a second."
Rainbow Dash says: "Was this one of those things where you knew the lesson I needed to learn before I learnt it?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You mean like how you don't have to care about a thing other ponies like as long as you care about the ponies who like it?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nope."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Don't know what you're talking about."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh!"
Princess Celestia says: "Nicely done."