Starlight Glimmer says: "It wasn't easy getting Twilight's memories of all her friends in there without her realizing it..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "but we did it!"
Princess Luna says: "I'm not so sure you did."
Spike says: "What do you mean?"
Princess Celestia says: "You are both so thoughtful."
Princess Celestia says: "Clearly Twilight is important to you."
Princess Celestia says: "But don't you think you might be important to her as well?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Right!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "We forgot to add ourselves!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, I can't believe we forgot to put in some Twilight memories of us!"
Spike says: "And the coronation is tomorrow."
Spike says: "There isn't time to track Twilight down and get her to remember more stuff."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I know we wanted the book to be full of Twilight's memories, but we'll just have to use our own."
Spike says: "I've got a lot of those."
Spike says: "My memories of Twilight go as far back as I can remember."
Crystal Clear says: "Well, Miss Sparkle?"
Crystal Clear says: "We don't have all day."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I knew it was the most important day of my life, that my entire future would be affected by the outcome of this day and I was about to blow it!"
Young Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sorry I wasted your time."
Spike says: "She's always been there when I really needed her."
Rarity says: "What do you mean you have to win the Gauntlet?"
Spike says: "It's the only way to protect Equestria from the dragons."
Spike says: "You heard them!"
Spike says: "They have horrible plans for ponies if they win!"
Spike says: "So somehow, I have to do it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "There has to be another way."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's too dangerous."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Besides, if you win, you'd have to stay here!"
Spike says: "I know, but there's no other way to keep my friends safe."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, if you're staying to compete, then we're staying to cheer you on!"
Spike says: "Um, Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hi."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Where's your father?"
Spike says: "He's gone."
Spike says: "Turns out he wasn't what a real dragon should be after all."
Spike says: "He also wasn't my real dad."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm so sorry."
Spike says: "I'm the one who's sorry."
Spike says: "You were just worried about me, and I lost my temper."
Spike says: "Sludge was just a great big phony."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I have to say, I'm not surprised."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There's no way a dragon like that was related to you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But if you still want to search for your real family, I'd understand if you spent more time in the Dragon Lands."
Spike says: "I don't think so."
Spike says: "I already know who my real family is."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Aww!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's me, right?"
Spike says: "Mm-hmm!"
Princess Celestia says: "Your relationship with Twilight is certainly special, Spike."
Princess Celestia says: "But I know from experience the relationship between a teacher and pupil is as well."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Yeah..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Twilight and I didn't start out as warm and fuzzy as she and Spike did."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Wh– I studied that spell for years!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "How can you—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I studied magic for years too!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But what I didn't know then was that studying could only take me so far."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Each of my friends has taught me something different about myself!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It was their unique gifts and passions and personalities that helped bring out the magic inside of me!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I never would have learned that I represent the element of magic without these five!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And I certainly wouldn't be here to stop you now!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Spare me your sentimental nonsense!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I gave these ponies real friendships they never could've had otherwise!"
Double Diamond says: "How do you know that?!"
Double Diamond says: "!"
Double Diamond says: "You never even gave us a chance!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now more than ever I know how important it is to stop you!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, good luck!"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "Whoooaaaa!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Up for another race-ending fight, Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You were right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't stop you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But you can't stop me from trying, and we could be stuck doing this for all eternity!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "If that's what it takes to keep you and your friends from getting your cutie mark connection, then I'm game!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Uh, but all that's totally behind me now!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Obviously."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Everything changed when Twilight reached out her hoof in friendship."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Starlight, you're right!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know what you went through!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I do know you can't do this!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've seen where this leads, and so have you!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I only saw what you showed me!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Who knows what'll really happen?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've seen it a dozen times!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Things don't turn out well in Equestria without my friends!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Ugh!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What's so special about your friends?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "How can a group of ponies that are so different be so important?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The differences between me and my friends are the very things that make our friendship strong!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I thought Sunburst and I were the same."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But we turned out different, and it tore our friendship apart!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "So try again!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Make new friends!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And if something that you can't control happens that changes things, work through it together!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's what friendship is!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And it's not just my friendships that are important to Equestria!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everypony's are!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "When yours ended, it led us here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But just imagine all the others that are out there waiting for you if you just give them a chance!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "How do I know they won't all end the same way?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I guess it's up to you to make sure they don't."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If I could have everypony's attention!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "As you all know, Starlight Glimmer's been my pupil for a while now, and I'd hoped she'd be my pupil for a long time yet to come."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But it turns out that's just not meant to be."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Starlight, you have proved yourself to be a kind, loyal, strong, honest, and truly magical friend."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just looking around this room at all the new friendships you've made, I know there's nothing more I need to teach you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So we have a second reason to celebrate today."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Three cheers for Starlight Glimmer on her graduation day!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What a great surprise!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The future's in your own hooves now."
Spike says: "I can't believe we almost forgot to include ourselves."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Mm-hmm."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What's wrong?"
Princess Celestia says: "After hearing your memories, I couldn't help but think of some of my own."
Princess Luna says: "I, too, have fond remembrances of Twilight."
Princess Luna says: "Do you think you might include our recollections as well?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Of course!"
Young Twilight Sparkle says: "Aah!"
Princess Celestia says: "Twilight Sparkle."
Young Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, I'm so sorry."
Young Twilight Sparkle says: "I didn't mean..."
Princess Celestia says: "You have a very special gift."
Princess Celestia says: "I don't think I've ever come across a unicorn with your raw abilities."
Young Twilight Sparkle says: "Huh?"
Princess Celestia says: "But you need to learn to tame these abilities through focused study."
Young Twilight Sparkle says: "Huh?!"
Young Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Princess Celestia says: "Twilight Sparkle, I'd like to make you my own personal protégé here at the school."
Young Twilight Sparkle says: "Huh?!"
Young Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Princess Celestia says: "Well?"
Young Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes!"
Princess Celestia says: "One other thing, Twilight."
Young Twilight Sparkle says: "More?"
Young Twilight Sparkle says: "My cutie mark!"
Young Twilight Sparkle says: "Yesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyes..."
Princess Celestia says: "Why so glum, my faithful student?"
Princess Celestia says: "Are you not happy that your quest is complete and you can return to your studies in Canterlot?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's just it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just when I learned how wonderful it is to have friends, I have to leave them."
Princess Celestia says: "Spike, take a note, please."
Princess Celestia says: "I, Princess Celestia, hereby decree that the unicorn Twilight Sparkle shall take on a new mission for Equestria."
Princess Celestia says: "She must continue to study the magic of friendship."
Princess Celestia says: "She must report to me her findings from her new home in Ponyville."
Pipsqueak says: "Goodbye, Nightmare Night."
Pipsqueak says: "Forever."
Nightmare Moon says: "Citizens of Ponyville!"
Nightmare Moon says: "You were wise to bring this candy to me."
Nightmare Moon says: "I am pleased with your offering."
Nightmare Moon says: "So pleased that I may just eat it..."
Nightmare Moon says: "instead of eating you!"
Princess Luna says: "I am not certain that did what you meant for it to do, Twilight Sparkle."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just wait."
Princess Luna says: "For what?"
Princess Luna says: "For..."
Princess Luna says: "for them to scream some more?"
Pipsqueak says: "Um..."
Pipsqueak says: "Princess Luna."
Pipsqueak says: "I know there's not gonna be any more Nightmare Night, but do you suppose maybe you could come back next year and scare us again anyway?"
Princess Luna says: "Child."
Princess Luna says: "Art thou saying that thou..."
Princess Luna says: "likest me to scare you?"
Pipsqueak says: "It's really fun!"
Pipsqueak says: "Scary, but fun!"
Princess Luna says: "It..."
Princess Luna says: "is?"
Pipsqueak says: "Yeah!"
Pipsqueak says: "Nightmare Night is my favorite night of the year."
Princess Luna says: "Well then."
Princess Luna says: "We shall have to bring  Nightmare Night back!"
Pipsqueak says: "Whoa!"
Pipsqueak says: "You're my favorite princess ever!"
Pipsqueak says: "She said yes, guys!"
Foals says: "YAY!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "See?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "They really do like you, princess."
Princess Luna says: "Can it be true?"
Princess Luna says: "I created the Tantabus to give myself the same nightmare every night..."
Princess Luna says: "..."
Princess Luna says: "to punish myself for the evil I caused as Nightmare Moon!"
Fluttershy says: "But why would you do that?!"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Princess Luna says: "To make sure I never forgave myself for how much Equestria suffered because of me!"
Princess Luna says: "But it seems I have not learned my lesson, for now I have only made you suffer more!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But that means you might just be the key to stopping all this!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "If it gets strong because you feel bad about what you did as Nightmare Moon, then you just gotta stop feeling bad for what you did!"
Princess Luna says: "How can I forgive myself?"
Princess Luna says: "I am no better now than I was then."
Princess Luna says: "My creation is about to turn the world into a living nightmare!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But look at what you're doing!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nightmare Moon would've wanted the Tantabus to turn Equestria into a nightmare!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're doing everything you can to stop it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Don't you see?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That proves you're not the same pony you were then!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everypony who knows you knows that Nightmare Moon is in the past!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We all trust you, Luna!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Do you trust us enough to believe we're right?"
Tantabus growling.
Princess Luna says: "..."
Princess Luna says: "I do!"
Spike says: "Is everything okay, Starlight?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "We set out to make a book filled with Twilight's memories of her friends."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But using our memories made me realize we should put everypony's memories in!"
Spike says: "But the coronation's tomorrow."
Spike says: "How are we gonna do that?!"
Spike says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Okay, Celestia and Luna came up with some last-minute "princess etiquette" for Twilight to learn, but we don't have much time."
Rarity says: "I thought you were nearly finished with your book of memories."
Starlight Glimmer says: "We were, but then we put in our own memories of Twilight and wanted to give all of you the chance to do the same."
Main ponies says: "Hmmm..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Oooh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Like how she's always prepared for everything ever?"
Applejack says: "Or how much she loves books?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Or how she freaks out all the time?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're here!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Isn't this exciting?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh!"
Fluttershy says: "You were called, too!"
Fluttershy says: "Thank goodness."
Fluttershy says: "I feel so much better going with a friend."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I was about to come and get you, but then I got distracted."
Fluttershy says: "Oh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ever since the map called us, I've been doing a ton of research."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Testing out potential friendship problems."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Diversifying my solution portfolio."
Fluttershy says: "Ever since the map called us?"
Fluttershy says: "But that happened five minutes ago."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I wanna be one hundred percent prepared!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I mean, I'm the Princess of Friendship."
Twilight Sparkle says: "How would it look if I couldn't solve a friendship problem?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Do we wanna know why you're wrapping up everypony in town?"
Spike says: "Not wrapping paper."
Spike says: "A to-do list."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Two of these!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Three of those!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm gonna need ten of those!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just in case!"
Rarity says: "Twilight, darling, are you all right?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sure!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just-grabbing-a-few-things-do-I-need-this-no-that's-silly-I-need-eight!"
Applejack says: "Hey, y'all!"
Applejack says: "What's everypony—"
Applejack says: "?"
Applejack says: "Ohhh."
Applejack says: "Traditional holiday meltdown?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh-huh."
Fluttershy says: "Uh-huh."
Rarity says: "Uh-huh."
Spike says: "Uh-huh."
Pinkie Pie says: "Uh-huh."
Applejack says: "Hey, Twilight."
Applejack says: "How's your day?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I got way behind grading midterms, and Cadance and Shining Armor are coming here with Flurry Heart for Hearth's Warming Eve, and I haven't started decorating, and I don't know what to get any of you, and—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Applejack says: "Stop!"
Applejack says: "Take a breath."
Applejack says: "Now let it out sloooooooooowwww..."
Applejack says: "Now, I think I have an idea that might help."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Okay!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "That is it!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I am one hundred percent certain we have everything we need."
Rarity says: "And I am one hundred percent certain Twilight is going to love it."
Applejack says: "She sure is!"
Rarity says: "Love, darling!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Absolutely-tootly!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, definitely!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Of course!"
Spike says: "Let's meet back here in the morning and give her the present before everypony leaves for the coronation."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Sorry, I'm so late."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I actually thought I'd missed you—"
Spike says: "There's no time!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "So..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'll just give this to her after the coronation, I guess."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, it wasn't exactly the coronation I was expecting."
Spike says: "I think the only thing that actually worked out was giving Twilight our gift."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Yeah."
Starlight Glimmer says: "That seemed to go okay."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't believe you two put this whole book together."
Rarity says: "It is a truly wonderful keepsake."
Applejack says: "I can't get over how many memories we've all made together."
Pinkie Pie says: "It's not really surprising."
Pinkie Pie says: "We're making one right now."
Pinkie Pie says: "And now!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Now, too!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And now!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And now!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And now!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Now again!"
Spike says: "We're glad you like it."
Pinkie Pie says: "There's another one!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, that was a good one!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's the perfect present."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Not that I need a book to remember all of you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But it's nice to know that no matter what, all I need to do to see you is open it."
Nightmare Moon says: "Now you will never see your princess, or your sun!"
Nightmare Moon says: "The night will last forever!"
[All five ponies talking over each other says: "Pinkie Pie: Don't worry Twilight, we're here."
[All five ponies talking over each other says: "Applejack: Don't worry, we'll be there."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You think you can destroy The Elements of Harmony just like that?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, you're wrong, because the spirits of The Elements of Harmony are right here."
Nightmare Moon says: "What?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Applejack, who reassured me when I was in doubt, represents the spirit of..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "honesty!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy, who tamed the manticore with her compassion, represents the spirit of..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "kindness!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie Pie, who banished fear by giggling in the face of danger, represents the spirit of..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "laughter!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity, who calmed a sorrowful serpent with a meaningful gift represents the spirit of..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "generosity!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And Rainbow Dash, who could not abandon her friends for her own heart's desire represents the spirit of..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "loyalty!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The spirits of these five ponies got us through every challenge you threw at us."
Nightmare Moon says: "You still don't have the sixth Element!"
Nightmare Moon says: "The spark didn't work!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But it did!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "A different kind of spark."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I felt it the very moment I realized how happy I was to hear you, to see you, how much I cared about you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The spark ignited inside me when I realized that you all..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "are my friends!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You see, Nightmare Moon, when those Elements are ignited by the..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "the spark, that resides in the heart of us all, it creates the sixth element: the element of..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "magic!"
Nightmare Moon says: "Nooo!"
Nightmare Moon says: "Nooo!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just realized there's one problem with this book."
Spike says: "What's wrong with it?!"
Spike says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It comes to an end."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie is right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're making new memories all the time."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't think a book like this can ever be finished."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I guess not."
Spike says: "We'll just have to get started on volume two!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm so grateful for everything we've shared over the years."
Twilight Sparkle says: "My memories of all of you are so special, I can't wait to start making more."
Twilight Sparkle.
Friendship used to make me so queasy, queasy.
But you made it all so easy, easy.
Now I don't have to say what I'm thinking.
You already know without even blinking.
Applejack.
You girls are the apple of my eye.
Rainbow Dash.
The race that doesn't end in a tie.
Pinkie Pie.
You are the funnel cake at my fair.
Fluttershy.
The warm hug of a fuzzy bear.
Mane Six.
Best friends until the end of time.
We'll have each other's backs.
And let our true selves shine.
And that's because everything we need is all right here.
When we're with our team.
Twilight Sparkle.
I simply can't imagine there'd be a day.
Where I wouldn't want to be walking your way.
Whatever new problems there may be, may be.
Our friendship is always the door with a key.
Rarity.
You are the jewels in my friendship crown.
Twilight Sparkle.
The sparks that make my world go 'round.
Mane Six.
We bring the best out, that's our goal.
There's no telling how far we'll go.
Best friends until the end of time.
We'll have each other's backs.
And let our true selves shine.
And that's because everything we need is all right here.
When we're with our team!