Previously on My Little Pony.
Spike says: "It's not every day the princesses pass all their responsibilities on to you and your friends."
Princess Luna says: "You wanted to boost Twilight's confidence, so you brought back Chrysalis, Cozy Glow, and Tirek to attack her?!"
Princess Luna says: "!"
Cozy Glow says: "Discord was Grogar?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You've been setting up challenges for us the whole time, haven't you?"
Discord says: "My bad."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The ultimate battle for the fate of Equestria is coming!"
Applejack says: "We'll hold 'em 'til you get back!"
Discord says: "Fly, you foal!"
Cozy Glow says: "And now for your complete destruction!"
Cozy Glow says: "Won't that be fun?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Patience, Cozy."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Destruction is so..."
Queen Chrysalis says: "permanent."
Queen Chrysalis says: "We need to show the rest of Equestria that we've broken their heroes first."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Besides, we should have fun with our guests."
Lord Tirek says: "No!"
Lord Tirek says: "We should hunt down Twilight Sparkle."
Lord Tirek says: "As long as she's out there, she's dangerous."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Is that big, strong minotaur that scared of one little pony?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Relax."
Queen Chrysalis says: "It's not like her friends are going anywhere."
Queen Chrysalis says: "The fools brought the remains of my throne to Canterlot to protect themselves."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Hah!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Those shards block their magic."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Careful."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Too close and the shards cancel even our powers."
Queen Chrysalis says: "But on this side of the cavern, we're the most powerful beings in Equestria, thanks to Grogar's Bell."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Isn't that right, "Grogar"?"
Lord Tirek says: "What are you doing?!"
Lord Tirek says: "!"
Lord Tirek says: "You saw what happened when you tried to take Discord's chaos magic."
Cozy Glow says: "Yeah, but there's Alicorn princess magic in there now, too!"
Cozy Glow says: "I could be so much more powerful if I just could have—"
Queen Chrysalis says: "What do you mean you could be?"
Cozy Glow says: "Um, hello?"
Cozy Glow says: "I'm the best one out of all of us!"
Cozy Glow says: "Nobody sees..."
Lord Tirek says: "What are you talking about?!"
Lord Tirek says: "!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "The best at what?!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "This is really bad."
Applejack says: "We gotta find Twilight."
Applejack says: "She's probably already figured out some way to defeat those monsters."
Rainbow Dash says: "Any idea how we get out of here to do that?"
Spike says: "Too sticky."
Spike says: "There's no way anypony could get through this."
Discord says: "I'm so sorry."
Discord says: "It made so much sense in my head."
Discord says: "Twilight defeats her worst enemies and is filled with confidence."
Discord says: "I truly did have the best intentions."
Discord says: "I swear I'll make it up to you."
Rainbow Dash says: "That's gonna need to be a pretty epic make-up."
Lord Tirek says: "Stay away from the Bell, you pest!"
Lord Tirek says: "None of us can use the Alicorns' magic until we figure out how to handle that fool's ridiculous chaos magic!"
Discord says: "I could always tell you how."
Discord says: "It would give you power over all reality."
Discord says: "But you'd have to ask nicely and spare my friends."
Spike says: "No, Discord!"
Spike says: "This isn't the way to help!"
Cozy Glow says: "Discord, could you pweeeease—"
Cozy Glow says: "?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Threats are more my speed."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Speak!"
Lord Tirek says: "He's lying."
Lord Tirek says: "He won't tell us."
Discord says: "I certainly won't tell you after the way you lied to me last time we teamed up, you muscle-bound cretin."
Lord Tirek says: "This "cretin" could destroy you before you blink, so choose your words carefully."
Discord says: "You're right."
Discord says: ""Cretin" is too polite."
Discord says: "How about "pathetic centaur who uses magic to compensate for the fact that deep down he's afraid he'll never be enough to please dear old dad, King Vorak"?"
Cozy Glow says: "You missed!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Did he, though?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Get her!"
Applejack says: "Get Twilight!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "No way!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "She's always needed you guys!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Ugh!"
Princess Celestia says: "Find Twilight!"
Princess Celestia says: "We may not have our magic, but we aren't completely helpless!"
Princess Celestia says: "We'll hold them off as long as we can!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That..."
Rainbow Dash says: "was a pretty epic make-up."
Discord says: "Just save Equestria."
Discord says: "And keep Fluttershy safe!"
Unicorn 1 says: "Why are you out in the open?!"
Unicorn 1 says: "!"
Unicorn 1 says: "Hide!"
Rarity says: "Where is everypony?"
Unicorn 1 says: "The unicorns have been gathering in Celestia's School of Magic ever since the attack."
Unicorn 1 says: "That's where I was headed when I saw you."
Rainbow Dash says: "What about the Earth ponies and Pegasi?"
Unicorn 1 says: "It's everypony for themselves."
Applejack says: "That ain't right."
Unicorn 1 says: "Well, you can all stand out here and debate."
Unicorn 1 says: "I'm goin' where I'm safe."
Spike says: "Chrysalis was telling the truth."
Spike says: "They really have turned ponies against each other."
Applejack says: "Everypony's scared, that's all."
Applejack says: "We just need to get to Ponyville and find Twilight pronto."
Applejack says: "She'll know how to set things right."
Mayor Mare says: "Please, stay calm!"
Mayor Mare says: "I know it seems bad, but there's no need to panic!"
"Winter Lotus" says: "Give us one good reason not to!"
Mayor Mare says: "Because Ponyville's own heroes of Equestria are here to save us!"
Applejack says: "Where'd all these ponies come from?"
Granny Smith says: "Earth ponies been pourin' in lookin' for somewhere safe."
"Winter Lotus" says: "We don't have unicorn magic to protect us or a city in the sky to hide in like those cowardly Pegasi!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Cowardly?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
"Winter Lotus" says: "They're blocking Cloudsdale!"
"Winter Lotus" says: "Said they didn't want any "grounded" ponies up in their business!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Listen up, buddy—"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "Don't!"
Fluttershy says: "That's exactly what Chrysalis and the others want."
Fluttershy says: "More fighting."
Fluttershy says: "We know you're scared."
Fluttershy says: "We're here to help."
S08E14 Unnamed Earth Mare #4 says: "You better fix this!"
Applejack says: "Twilight's probably as worried as everypony else and tryin' to find somewhere safe."
Applejack says: "That's why I was sure she'd be waitin' for us in Ponyville."
Applejack says: "Where else could she be?"
Spike says: "I know where Twilight is!"
Princess Cadance says: "Oh, thank Celestia you're all alright."
Princess Cadance says: "She's upstairs."
Princess Cadance says: "It's..."
Princess Cadance says: "not good."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're here?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I was so worried!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Where are the princesses?"
Pinkie Pie says: "They put up a crazy fight so we could escape and find you!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Mission accomplished!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Now let's save Equestria!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yeah!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "They made a terrible mistake."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You all did."
Twilight Sparkle says: "From the second I got away, I've been searching every book, scroll, and spell for a way to rescue you and stop Chrysalis, Tirek, and Cozy, but I haven't found anything."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I failed."
Spike says: "You'll come up with something."
Spike says: "We can't save Equestria without you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You all escaped without my help."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You didn't need me then."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So why would anypony need me now?"
Rainbow Dash says: "We know things look bad, but we've been in tough spots before, and we always—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Look around!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nothing we've ever done has mattered!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sombra?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Returned and destroyed the Tree of Harmony!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Chrysalis, Tirek, Cozy Glow?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Returned and more powerful than ever!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The School of Friendship?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Shut down!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everypony in Equestria is so blinded by fear, they can't remember what friendship is!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nothing we do makes any difference!"
Pinkie Pie says: "But we're still free and together."
Rainbow Dash says: "And it's not like things can get any worse."
Spike says: "Haven't we learned never to say that by now?"
Earth Pony 2 says: "The windigos!"
"Winter Lotus" says: "That's just a Hearth's Warming Eve story."
Earth Pony 2 says: "Creatures made of wind that spread cold and misery across the land to punish ponies?!"
Earth Pony 2 says: "!"
Earth Pony 2 says: "Seems pretty real to me!"
Earth Pony 2 says: "Let the Pegasi deal with this!"
Earth Pony 2 says: "There's nothing we can do except hide!"
"Cotton Sky" says: "That's enchanted wind!"
"Cotton Sky" says: "We can't control it!"
"Cotton Sky" says: "And we can't rely on those snooty unicorns for any help!"
"Cotton Sky" says: "Build up the cloudbank!"
"Cotton Sky" says: "We'll try to block it!"
Hyper Sonic says: "What about everypony down below?"
"Cotton Sky" says: "They're on their own."
"Cotton Sky" says: "We all are."
Unicorn 1 says: "Fortify the shields around the School of Magic!"
Unicorn 1 says: "We need to protect ourselves!"
Unicorn 1 says: "It's all we can do."
Rainbow Dash says: "We have to do something!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've already done enough."
Applejack says: "You want the truth, Twilight?"
Applejack says: "Bad things happen."
Applejack says: "No matter what you do, there's never gonna be a time when everything's perfect."
Applejack says: "But that don't mean you quit tryin'!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What if I make things worse?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ever since Celestia told me I was taking over, I've been gaining confidence."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Then I find out it's all a lie."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Equestria's been falling apart around us, and I didn't even notice!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What kind of princess does that make me?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm scared."
Fluttershy says: "I probably know more about being scared than anypony."
Fluttershy says: "But thanks to all of you, I've learned I'm always less scared when I'm with my friends."
Rainbow Dash says: "If we're facing impossible odds, we're facing them together!"
Rarity says: "It's what we always do, darling."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But we're on our own, and we have no idea what to do!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That's true pretty much every time something terrible is about to happen."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We don't have the Elements of Harmony anymore."
Twilight Sparkle says: "How can you all be so calm about this?"
Spike says: "Because, even if you don't believe you can do this, we do."
Spike says: "We believe in you."
Spike says: "In us."
Applejack says: "The truth is, all our lives wouldn't be the same if we hadn't met."
Applejack says: "We're better off because of our friendship with you."
Applejack says: "So when you say you haven't made a difference, that's just not true."
Applejack says: "You've made a big difference to us."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thank you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sometimes even the Princess of Friendship needs a reminder that there's more to the Magic of Friendship than rainbow lasers."
Spike says: "Although that part is pretty cool."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We still need a plan."
Princess Cadance says: "That sounds like the pony I used to foal-sit for."
Princess Cadance says: "Count us in."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You need to stay here and protect Flurry Heart."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If we don't..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If things don't work out, she's Equestria's last hope."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Three of our worst villains have taken over, powered up by ancient magic."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everypony in Equestria is so scared and divided that the windigos are circling."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And it's up to us to fix it all."
Pinkie Pie says: "What are we gonna do, Twilight?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The same thing we do every time, Pinkie."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Try to save the world!"
Lord Tirek says: "Every prisoner is safely in their cells."
Lord Tirek says: "Now we can hunt down the rest of the—"
Lord Tirek says: "Windigos?"
Cozy Glow says: "I'm not hunting anypony d-d-d-down in this weather!"
Cozy Glow says: "Can't we magically get rid of them and w-w-w-warm things up?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "I don't think we should."
Queen Chrysalis says: "This could work out quite well for me."
Lord Tirek says: "You mean us."
Queen Chrysalis says: "The harsh weather is the final blow to break the ponies' spirits."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Once Equestria is a frozen wasteland, we'll use our magic to destroy those windy beasts."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Ponies will be so grateful, they'll do whatever I want!"
Lord Tirek says: "The windigos are ancient magic."
Lord Tirek says: "It would be unwise to leave them unchecked."
Lord Tirek says: "Best we deal with them now."
Cozy Glow says: "We probably should deal with Twilight and her friends before anything else."
Lord Tirek says: "I thought it was too cold for you to hunt anypony down."
Cozy Glow says: "We don't need to."
Cozy Glow says: "They're right there!"
Spike says: "You think they know we're here?"
Applejack says: "I'd say they have an idea."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That bell has Discord, Celestia, and Luna's magic inside."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If they use it against us—"
Fluttershy says: "Discord's magic is so chaotic, he's the only one who can use it."
Queen Chrysalis says: "You just can't accept that you were beaten before you even realized there was a fight, can you?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You can't beat us if we never give up!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "As long as I have my friends by my side, I'll put my faith in friendship—"
Cozy Glow says: "Ugh, can we get on with this please?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We need to get that bell and get Discord and the princesses their magic back."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow Dash, Pinkie, you're with me."
Rainbow Dash says: "Sweet!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'll grab that bell in ten second—"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're the distraction."
Twilight Sparkle says: "They're gonna get the bell."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Come out, come out, wherever you are!"
Cozy Glow says: "There!"
Cozy Glow says: "Whoa!"
Lord Tirek says: "Aah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Step right up, evil fillies and gentlevillains!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Try your luck!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Missed me!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Close, but no cherrychimichanga!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Thanks for playing!"
Cozy Glow says: "Do they have to be so annoying?!"
Cozy Glow says: "!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Not annoying!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Distracting!"
Spike says: "Aah!"
Cozy Glow says: "Now, now, professor."
Cozy Glow says: "We all know you're not the fast one."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Enough!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Or the dragon's wings get plucked!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Please!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Don't hurt him!"
Spike says: "Don't worry about me!"
Spike says: "Just save—"
Spike says: "!"
Lord Tirek says: "Turns out that the Magic of Friendship is your biggest weakness."
Lord Tirek says: "A fitting end to your pathetic story."
Rainbow Dash says: "No matter what, we face it together!"
Spike says: "What happened?"
Spike says: "Can I open my eyes?"
Applejack says: "Ya sure can!"
Applejack says: "Way to go, Twilight!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's not me!"
Lord Tirek says: "Don't let them escape!"
Cozy Glow says: "Which ones?!"
Cozy Glow says: "!"
Cozy Glow says: "Whoa!"
Thorax says: "The changelings won't fool them forever."
Thorax says: "And I don't know how long the unicorns' shield will hold."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't understand."
Twilight Sparkle says: "How are you all here?"
Gallus says: "That's kinda our fault."
Smolder says: "You know those long lectures about friendship you gave at school?"
Sandbar says: "We all know the story of Hearth's Warming Eve!"
Sandbar says: "We can defeat the windigos together!"
Berryshine says: "You really think if we all sing a couple songs, everything will be fine?"
Sandbar says: "It's not just singing that saved the founders of Equestria!"
Sandbar says: "It's what it represented!"
Rasberry Dazzle says: "Earth ponies, unicorns, and Pegasi becoming friends!"
Rasberry Dazzle says: "We learned at Twilight's school that friendship is the most powerful magic there is!"
Hyper Sonic says: "Focusing on our differences keeps us divided!"
Hyper Sonic says: "Villains and creatures like the windigos use that division against us!"
Yona says: "Yaks strong."
Yona says: "Ponies strong."
Yona says: "But yaks and ponies stronger together!"
Yona says: "Yaks must be loyal to pony friends!"
Smolder says: "I know helping other creatures by being kind and generous sounds lame."
Smolder says: "But I've seen how powerful it can be!"
Gallus says: "Playing together!"
Gallus says: "Singing together!"
Gallus says: "Even laughing together!"
Gallus says: "That's what real heroes look like!"
Silverstream says: "Were we really happy by ourselves at the bottom of the ocean?"
Silverstream says: "Be honest!"
Silverstream says: "It's the ponies that showed us a better way!"
Ocellus says: "They've taught us how powerful love and the Magic of Friendship truly is!"
Ocellus says: "We can't let them stand alone!"
Ocellus says: "We're their friends!"
Ocellus says: "They need us!"
Applejack says: "How 'bout that?"
Applejack says: "It's just like you said the day we opened that school."
Spike says: "The more creatures who know about friendship, the safer we'll be."
Pinkie Pie says: "We told you you had it all figured out!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "ENOUGH!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Because of you, I almost lost my way!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But everycreature here has reminded me of the true power of friendship!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "There will always be darkness in the world, but there will also always be those who find the light!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Pillars knew this!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's why they created the Elements of Harmony!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Elements showed me and my friends how strong our friendship could be!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Together we worked to bring harmony to Equestria!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But there will always be more to do!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Which is why we teach others about the Magic of Friendship!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Others who will continue our mission after we are gone!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now I truly understand!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Elements were just symbols!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The real magic has always been right here!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And the more who understand how powerful friendship is, the stronger we will all be!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Together!"
Cozy Glow says: "This is bad, isn't it?"
BOOM!
Queen Chrysalis says: "You think friendship will save you?!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "We will always return!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Nothing will ever stop—"
Queen Chrysalis says: "!"
Spike says: "Chocolate rain?"
Discord says: "Don't look at me!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You took Discord's magic from the bell?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "How do you feel?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hmmm..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Tingly."
Pinkie Pie says: "Itchy."
Pinkie Pie says: "Also like..."
Pinkie Pie says: "i could transform the cosmos so everything is made of icing!"
Discord says: "Perhaps maybe I should..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Waiter!"
Pinkie Pie says: "There's some chaos in my soup!"
Princess Celestia says: "There isn't a punishment worthy of all you've done!"
Princess Luna says: "Oh."
Princess Luna says: "That does seem fitting."
Discord says: "May I help?"
Discord says: "Please?"
Discord says: "Together forever."
Discord says: "I can't think of anything that they would want less!"
Princess Celestia says: "When I sent you to Ponyville, I had high hopes."
Princess Celestia says: "When you became Princess of Friendship, I knew I made the right choice."
Princess Celestia says: "But nothing could prepare me for how proud I am right now."
Princess Celestia says: "Equestria is definitely in the right hooves."
Princess Celestia says: "You are ready."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You know what?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think I am."
Applejack says: "Thank goodness."
Applejack says: "First question, your Highness."
Applejack says: "What do we do with all these creatures?"
Pinkie Pie says: "We're gonna need a lot more chairs for the coronation!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Actually, as ruler of Equestria, I'd like to postpone the coronation for a while."
Twilight Sparkle says: "At least until the castle's rebuilt."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Besides, there's something we need to do first."
Rarity says: "Post-apocalyptic donuts."
Rarity says: "Interesting choice."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But there's gonna be plenty of time for all the challenges and struggles and adventures to come."
Twilight Sparkle says: "For now, I just want to spend a quiet moment with the six best friends I've ever had."
Applejack says: "Well, mostly quiet."
Pinkie Pie says: "Mmmm!"
Fluttershy says: "It's like the end of an era."
Rainbow Dash says: "Or the beginning of an even more awesome era!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "All I know is whatever comes next is going to be perfect."
Spike says: "How do you know that?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "With you guys by my side, how could it not?"