Starlight Glimmer says: "Ha!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Straight to the changeling hive!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I told you I could do it."
Trixie says: "Well, not exactly straight, Starlight."
Trixie says: "We've been popping all around Equestria, and we still have to walk."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's like twelve steps away."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Before Chrysalis' throne was destroyed, the closest magic would've gotten us was waaaaaaay over there."
Starlight Glimmer says: "On a scale of one to ten, how happy do you think Thorax is gonna be about our surprise visit?"
Trixie says: "Definitely ten."
Trixie says: "I mean, who wouldn't be happy at the chance to marvel at the overwhelming talent that is the Great and Powerful Trrrrrixie?!"
Trixie says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Trixie, we're coming to offer Thorax encouragement and support."
Starlight Glimmer says: "His letters make it seem like the responsibilities of being a changeling leader are a little overwhelming."
Trixie says: "Yeah."
Trixie says: "I know."
Trixie says: "That's basically what I said."
Starlight Glimmer says: "He's dealing with the wants and needs of his subjects."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Redesigning the hive, a dread maulwurf wreaking havoc outside..."
Trixie says: "It does sound like a lot, but are you sure that last thing is real?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "The dread maulwurf?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Sure it is."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Thorax said it's like half-bear, half-mole, half-raging-pile-of-claws!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "But now that the changelings don't feed on the love of everything around them, plants have started to grow back."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But this maulwurf keeps eating them all up."
Trixie says: ""Maulwurf"."
Trixie says: "Uh-huh."
Trixie says: "You're just trying to scare me, but it won't work."
Trixie says: "Because not only am I the Great and Powerful, I am also the Unscareable Trixie!"
Trixie says: "Please tell me Thorax also mentioned a terrifying-looking changeling who greets visitors but is actually nice!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Nope."
Pharynx says: "And I'm not nice."
Trixie says: "Starlight, you got us here."
Trixie says: "I'll take us home."
Trixie says: "Teleportation spell, go!"
Trixie says: "Did I save us?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Nope."
Trixie says: "What are you waiting for?!"
Trixie says: "!"
Trixie says: "Use some magic to get us outta here!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Calm down, "Unscareable Trixie"."
Starlight Glimmer says: "We have to find out what's going on."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Thorax might need our help."
Trixie says: "We need our help!"
Trixie says: "Teleportation spell, go!"
Trixie says: "Teleportation spell, go!"
Trixie says: "Teleportation spell—"
Trixie says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Ugh!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Why do you keep doing that?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You know it doesn't work that way."
Trixie says: "I know, but this is my process."
Pharynx says: "I've captured these trespassers!"
Thorax says: "Starlight!"
Thorax says: "Trixie!"
Thorax says: "It's okay, Pharynx."
Thorax says: "You can let them go."
Pharynx says: "But they were lurking on our grounds!"
Pharynx says: "In the old days, I would've already feasted on their love."
Thorax says: "Well, that's why they're called the "old days", because they're old."
Thorax says: "We don't do that anymore."
Pharynx says: "Dah!"
Pharynx says: "I liked the old days better."
Thorax says: "Uh, what are you two doing here?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "We wanted to surprise you."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Surprise."
Thorax says: "Well, it's great to see you!"
Thorax says: "I'm sorry about the welcome committee."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I thought Ember helped you get more assertive so you could deal with all the renegade changelings who didn't wanna change."
Thorax says: "Oh, she did."
Thorax says: "Really helpful."
Thorax says: "I was able to convince all of them to change, except one of them..."
Thorax says: "My brother."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Your brother?"
Thorax says: "Yep."
Thorax says: "Pharynx is my elder broodmate."
Pharynx says: "Ha!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, yeah."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You guys have the same..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "um..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "eye shape?"
Pharynx says: "What a ridiculous comparison!"
Pharynx says: "We are nothing alike!"
Thorax says: "Stop doing that!"
Pharynx says: "The hive looked better with holes."
Thorax says: "Ugh."
Thorax says: "Well, how about I show you the rest of the hive where it's less loud and bangy?"
Thorax says: "There've been a lot of changes since you were here last."
Thorax says: "I'm trying to start some new activities since the only thing we did before was hunt and patrol."
Thorax says: "There's theatre, swing dancing, a once-a-week potluck lunch."
Thorax says: "Ooh!"
Thorax says: "And who can change shape and organize craft time?"
Thorax says: "Hmm?"
Thorax says: "This guy!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I am really impressed, Thorax."
Starlight Glimmer says: "The hive, all the activities..."
Sclerite says: "Gah!"
Sclerite says: "He did it again!"
Sclerite says: "Pharynx dumped an entire can of black paint on me!"
Sclerite says: "He said my fuchsia color wasn't "intimidating to our enemies"!"
Sclerite says: "What enemies?!"
Sclerite says: "!"
Thorax says: "I am so sorry."
Thorax says: "I promise I'll talk to him."
Sclerite says: "You're the ruler of the hive, Thorax!"
Sclerite says: "You need to do more than talk!"
Trixie says: "Well, maybe not everything here is amazing."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Seriously, Thorax."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What is up with your brother?"
Thorax says: "Ugh."
Thorax says: "Pharynx used to be head of patrol."
Thorax says: "But now we're peaceful and there's no need to patrol, so he just stalks around the hive making everyone miserable."
Thorax says: "The other changelings are sick of it, and if I can't get him to accept love and friendship and change like the rest of us, everything I've done here is at risk."
Trixie says: "Uh-uh."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Hmm?"
Trixie says: "Uh-huh."
Starlight Glimmer says: "We know a thing or two about what it's like to be outsiders."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Maybe we could talk to him for you."
Thorax says: "Do you really think you can help?"
Trixie says: "Thorax, if there's anypony who can help your brother, it's me."
Trixie says: "And with Starlight helping, it might take slightly longer, but I guarantee you we can do it."
Frenulum says: "Thorax, we're ready to start work on the trail of plants to lead the maulwurf away."
Thorax says: "Oh, I have to head outside."
Thorax says: "You sure you're okay handling Pharynx?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Absolutely."
Trixie says: "Yeah..."
Trixie says: "we totally got this."
Trixie says: "So, how do you wanna play this?"
Trixie says: "I'm thinking "good pony/bad pony"."
Trixie says: "You yell and blast him with magic while my natural charisma will convince him that—"
Trixie says: "uh, Starlight?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Hey, Pharynx."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I know when we first met, it didn't go so well."
Pharynx says: "I put you in a bag."
Pharynx says: "I thought it went great."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Right."
Starlight Glimmer says: "So..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "not a big fan of the vines, huh?"
Pharynx says: "They're a safety hazard."
Pharynx says: "An enemy could hide in them or use them as weapons."
Pharynx says: "I don't even know why they're here."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Because they're pretty?"
Pharynx says: "That's ridiculous."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, totally."
Starlight Glimmer says: "We get you."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "maybe don't express how you feel by destroying them?"
Pharynx says: "I don't take advice from ponies."
Pharynx says: "The only thing I take from you is breakfast."
Pharynx says: "At least, I used to."
Trixie says: "You know, you're a lot like us!"
Pharynx says: "Doubt it."
Trixie says: "It's true."
Trixie says: "Do you know who Twilight Sparkle is?"
Pharynx says: "No."
Trixie says: "Well, she's the most well-liked, studious, do-goodiest pony in Equestria."
Pharynx says: "Ugh!"
Pharynx says: "She sounds awful."
Trixie says: "Oh, you'd hate her."
Trixie says: "I used to."
Trixie says: "She made me unsure about my place in the world, which led me to act out against her."
Starlight Glimmer says: "And I used to be a dictator who ran a village with an iron hoof."
Pharynx says: "Really?"
Pharynx says: "Hmm."
Pharynx says: "Maybe you two do understand me."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Yes!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "We do!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "But now, Trixie has come to terms with being second-best, and I no longer control ponies against their will."
Starlight Glimmer says: "And our lives are so much better for it."
Pharynx says: "Wow."
Pharynx says: "So you're both losers."
Pharynx says: "Stay away from me, or I'll do to you what I did to the vines."
Thorax says: "Well, "Operation: Lead Maulwurf Away" is coming along."
Thorax says: "How'd it go with Pharynx?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Your brother is, um, challenging."
Thorax says: "Oh, that bad, huh?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "It wasn't great."
Thorax says: "You wanna talk it out?"
Thorax says: "You can come with me to the feelings forum."
Trixie says: "The feel-like-what-now?"
Thorax says: "Oh, it's a place for changelings to express their feelings so we all gain a better understanding of each other."
Thorax says: "It's really helped bring the hive closer together."
Green Changeling says: "Sometimes I feel like I'm a blue changeling."
Green Changeling says: "Sometimes I feel like I'm a purple changeling."
Green Changeling says: "But here I am, a green one."
Tymbal says: "You can be anything you want to be."
Tymbal says: "Be blue one day and purple the next."
Tymbal says: "Be both on the same day!"
Green Changeling says: "But then I feel like I'd be living a lie."
Tymbal says: "It's very brave of you to share something so personal."
Tymbal says: "Does anyone else have similar concerns?"
Changeling 1 says: "I used to, but craft time has given me such a creative outlet, I feel great now!"
Changeling 2 says: "Uh-huh."
Changeling 2 says: "Everyone loves craft time."
Changeling 1 says: "Well, everyone except for..."
Changeling 1 says: "you-know-who."
Changeling 2 says: "Yeah."
Changeling 2 says: "You-know-who spends all his craft time making spears."
Changeling 1 says: "He's scary and intimidating."
Changeling 1 says: "You-know-who makes me uncomfortable."
Green Changeling says: "He makes us all uncomfortable."
Thorax says: "Everyone, please!"
Thorax says: "I understand Pharynx can be challenging at times."
Changeling 1 says: "That's an understatement."
Changeling 1 says: "He lined a hallway with thorns!"
Green Changeling says: "He teaches little changelings to growl and hiss!"
Changeling 3 says: "My soup's too hot!"
Changeling 3 says: "What?"
Changeling 3 says: "I thought the feelings forum was for sharing our problems."
Pharynx says: "It sounds like your lame "feelings forum" is for talking about me behind my back!"
Tymbal says: "The feelings forum is for talking about anything that's bothering you."
Tymbal says: "Is there something you'd like to share, Pharynx?"
Pharynx says: "Actually, there is."
Pharynx says: "The changelings used to be a fearsome swarm!"
Pharynx says: "Now we sit around talking about our feelings so much, you can't even stop a maulwurf from eating all your "pretty plants"!"
Pharynx says: "I could've sent that thing packing before, but I guess now we'll just try to lead it away and hope that keeps us safe!"
Changeling 1 says: "I don't feel safe with him around!"
Green Changeling says: "I'd feel safer if he were gone!"
Thorax says: "I can't do that."
All changelings says: "We want him banished!"
Changeling 3 says: "Hey, my soup's cooled down!"
Changeling 3 says: "These feeling forums are great for solving problems!"
BWONG!
Tymbal says: "Everyone, please."
Tymbal says: "If we are interrupting each other, we are not affirming each other."
Tymbal says: "That's it!"
Tymbal says: "Feelings forum is over!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I want to say something, but it goes against everything I've been taught as Twilight's pupil."
Trixie says: "Ooh!"
Trixie says: "Then, by all means, say it."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I think Pharynx is a lost cause."
Trixie says: "Mm."
Trixie says: "I'm all for second chances."
Trixie says: "Third, even."
Trixie says: "But he just seems like a bad bug."
Starlight Glimmer says: "And Thorax has a duty to the whole hive, not just his brother."
Trixie says: "If he keeps sticking up for Pharynx, the hive might decide they don't want Thorax as their leader."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I think he might have to kick Pharynx out."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But I don't wanna be the one to tell Thorax that."
Trixie says: "Me, neither."
Trixie says: "But somepony probably should."
Trixie says: "I nominate you!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Ugh!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Thorax, we have something to tell you."
Thorax says: "It's about Pharynx, isn't it?"
Trixie says: "Mmmmmmmaybe?"
Thorax says: "Look, I know he's an aggressive warrior type, but when I was little, every young changeling wanted to be like that."
Thorax says: "..."
Thorax says: "Every young changeling except me."
Thorax says: "The others would pick on me for not wanting to fight."
Young Changeling says: "Look at the little grub playing with his dollies!"
Young Pharynx says: "Step away from my brother!"
Thorax says: "But Pharynx never let them hurt me."
Young Changeling says: "We were just complimenting his dollies."
Young Thorax says: "Thanks, Pharynx."
Young Pharynx says: "Why are you hitting yourself?!"
Young Pharynx says: "!"
Young Pharynx says: "Stop hitting yourself!"
Young Pharynx says: "Why are you hitting yourself?!"
Young Pharynx says: "!"
Young Thorax says: "Ouch!"
Young Thorax says: "Cut it out, Pharynx!"
Young Pharynx says: "They're right, you know."
Young Pharynx says: "You need to have tougher skin."
Trixie says: "Aw, that was a really sweet story."
Trixie says: "Until the end."
Thorax says: "I know Pharynx loved me in his own way, and I know there's still good in him."
Thorax says: "That's why I keep sticking up for him."
Thorax says: "Anyway, what did you wanna talk to me about?"
Trixie says: "Me?"
Trixie says: "Oh, noooo."
Trixie says: "But, uh, Starlight has something she—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Actually, Thorax, um, never mind!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "C'mon, Trixie, we've got a..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "thing to do."
Trixie says: "What are you doing?"
Trixie says: "I thought we agreed you'd tell Thorax he had to kick his brother out of the hive!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Maybe we don't have to."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Get Pharynx and meet me at the hive entrance."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'll explain everything."
Trixie says: "And how am I supposed to know where Pharynx is?!"
Trixie says: "!"
Passing Changeling says: "I just saw Pharynx."
Trixie says: "Oh!"
Trixie says: "Well, that was easy."
Starlight Glimmer says: "We'll just use one problem to solve another."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I switched the trail of plants around to lure the maulwurf here."
Starlight Glimmer says: "The changelings may not be able to stop it anymore, but Pharynx certainly can."
Starlight Glimmer says: "When it attacks, he'll save his brother, showing everypony his good side, the others will accept him, and Pharynx will finally let love and friendship into his life and transform!"
Trixie says: "Wow."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I know, right?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Great idea?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Where's Pharynx?"
Trixie says: "He's gone."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Gone like gone to the throne room?"
Trixie says: "Gone like gone!"
Trixie says: "One of the changelings said Pharynx left the hive for good!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Then who's gonna stop the dread maulwurf I'm leading here?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Thorax, there you are!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Pharynx is missing!"
Trixie says: "Wait for it..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "And the dread maulwurf is coming this way!"
Trixie says: "Told ya."
Thorax says: "That doesn't make any sense."
Thorax says: "The trail of plants should have led the dread maulwurf away."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I might have relaid them to lead it back toward the hive."
Thorax says: "Why would you do that?!"
Thorax says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I thought if Pharynx saw you were in danger, the loving, caring side of him would come out when he protected you!"
Thorax says: "But instead, he's out there alone somewhere between us and that rampaging monster?!"
Thorax says: "!"
Thorax says: "I have to save him!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm coming with you!"
Thorax says: "Of course you are!"
Thorax says: "This is all your fault!"
Trixie says: "Oh, don't be too hard on Starlight."
Trixie says: "Her heart was in the right place."
Thorax says: "You're coming, too!"
Trixie says: "Oh."
Trixie says: "Right."
Trixie says: "I mean, I was gonna volunteer anyway..."
Thorax says: "Who else is coming?"
Thorax says: "Fine."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, sure, you could all stay here, not help Pharynx and he won't bother you anymore."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's your choice."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But remember when you didn't have a choice!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "When you were forced to obey Chrysalis!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You might have been unstoppable, but you weren't free to choose!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "And now you are, because of Thorax!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, it's his brother out there, and now it's your chance to prove you're just as strong embracing love as you were feeding on it!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Now is your chance to show what changelings can really be!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Not because you have to, but because you choose to!"
Trixie says: "That was an amazingly epic speech, Starlight!"
Trixie says: "I just can't believe not a single changeling was moved by it."
Thorax says: "I can't blame them."
Thorax says: "If he wasn't my brother, I don't think I'd be here."
Thorax says: "We're gonna have to face the maulwurf by ourselves."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Maybe it'll be long gone and we'll find Pharynx out here alone!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Or maybe not."
Pharynx-bug skreeing.
Thorax says: "Pharynx!"
Pharynx says: "What are you doing here?!"
Pharynx says: "!"
Thorax says: "I'm here to save you!"
Pharynx says: "Get outta here!"
Pharynx says: "Let me handle this!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "We're not leaving you!"
Thorax says: "I may have forgotten to mention in my letters that maulwurfs have really thick hides!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I thought you said you could beat this thing!"
Pharynx says: "Yeah, with the rest of the swarm!"
Pharynx says: "Not alone!"
Changeling 1 says: "Good thing you're not alone!"
Trixie says: "I told you it was an epic speech."
Thorax says: "It's no use!"
Thorax says: "We're out of practice and he's too tough!"
Trixie says: "And strong!"
Trixie says: "Too bad we can't get it to fight itself!"
Pharynx says: "That's it!"
Pharynx says: "Thorax, remember when we were young and I made you hit yourself?"
Thorax says: "Now is not the time to make fun of me, Pharynx!"
Thorax says: "Oh, right!"
Thorax says: "Of course!"
Pharynx says: "Why are you hitting yourself?"
Pharynx says: "Why are you hitting yourself?"
Pharynx says: "Why are you hitting yourself?!"
Pharynx says: "!"
Thorax says: "Yeah, maulwurf, why are you hitting yourself?"
Thorax says: "Why are you hitting yourself, huh?"
Thorax says: "Huh?"
Thorax says: "Huh?"
Trixie says: "Ooh, that looks like it hurts."
Starlight Glimmer says: "We did it!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's gone!"
Thorax says: "What were you doing out here?"
Pharynx says: "Leaving."
Pharynx says: "I'm done with all of you."
Thorax says: "Oh."
Thorax says: "It's just, why bother fighting the maulwurf then?"
Thorax says: "You coulda left it alone."
Pharynx says: "Well, I couldn't just let it attack you!"
Thorax says: "But I thought you were done with us, and you didn't care."
Pharynx says: "I never said that."
Pharynx says: "The hive is the thing I care about most."
Thorax says: "Well, you certainly don't act like it."
Pharynx says: "Well, I'm sorry if I don't get excited about pretty flowers and feeling circles and—"
Thorax says: "It's a feelings forum."
Pharynx says: "Whatever."
Pharynx says: "It doesn't matter."
Pharynx says: "Even if I do care about the hive, I obviously don't have a place there anymore."
Changeling 1 says: "Actually, you do."
Changeling 1 says: "Because we've been wrong."
Changeling 1 says: "Um, the hive may be a gentler, nicer place..."
Changeling 2 says: "..."
Changeling 2 says: "but that doesn't mean we won't have to defend ourselves."
Changeling 2 says: "Clearly."
Thorax says: "And who better to help us do that than the only changeling who never stopped protecting us?"
Pharynx says: "You all want me to stay?"
Thorax says: "Unless you still want to leave the hive."
Pharynx says: "Why would I want that?"
Pharynx says: "I love the hive!"
Trixie says: "He did it!"
Trixie says: "He transformed!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I always knew you had it in you!"
Pharynx says: "Really?"
Pharynx says: "Because I thought you said I was a lost cause and you were going to tell Thorax he should kick me out."
Trixie says: "Oh!"
Trixie says: "Starlight!"
Trixie says: "How could you say that?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Ugh!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "That's—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I mean—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "But you—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Thorax says: "Lucky for us, you weren't a lost cause."
Pharynx says: "Lucky for me, you didn't give up on me."
Trixie says: "Soooo..."
Trixie says: "glad everything worked out."
Thorax says: "Yeah!"
Thorax says: "Let's talk about how you not only led the maulwurf to the hive but also drove my brother away from it!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I am so sorry about that, but I would like to point out that my admittedly terrible plan did bring everything together in the end."
Pharynx says: "Hey."
Pharynx says: "Do you guys want to hear the story about how I used to make Thorax hit himself?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, absolutely, yes, right now!"
Pharynx says: "Well, when we were young, every changeling wanted to be a warrior."
Pharynx says: "Except for Thorax."
Pharynx says: "He was a little weak."
Pharynx says: "I had to protect him..."