Twilight Sparkle.
Morning in Ponyville shimmers.
Morning in Ponyville shines.
And I know for absolute certain.
That everything is certainly fine.
There's the Mayor en route to her office.
There's the sofa clerk selling some quills.
Davenport says: "Morning, kid!"
Twilight Sparkle.
My Ponyville is so gentle and still.
Can things ever go wrong?
I don't think that they will.
Morning in Ponyville shimmers.
Morning in Ponyville shines.
And I know for absolute certain.
That everything is certainly—.
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow Dash, that's not funny!"
Rarity says: "Terribly sorry, darling."
Rarity says: "I'm afraid I'm..."
Rarity says: "I'm not good with the thundery ones."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Something tells me everything is not going to be fine."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What are you doing?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What happened to your cutie mark?"
Rarity says: "Whatever do you mean, Twilight?"
Rarity says: "I'm simply doing what I've done since the day it first appeared."
Rarity says: "Does my sky look fabulous or what?"
Rarity says: "Too last season?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Where is Rainbow Dash?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why isn't she handling this?"
Spike says: "I still don't know what you had to wake me up for."
Spike says: "I love sleeping in the rain."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's not about the weather, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity had Rainbow Dash's cutie mark and said this was Rainbow Dash's cottage."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Something strange is going on..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey, guys."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow Dash!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why is Rarity doing your job?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And what in Equestria is going on in..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "here?"
Rainbow Dash.
These animals don't listen, no, not one little bit.
They run around out of control and throw their hissy fits.
It's up to me to stop them, 'cause plainly you can see.
It's got to be my destiny, and it's what my cutie mark is telling me.
Fluttershy.
I try to keep them laughing, put a smile upon their face.
But no matter what I try, it seems a bit of a disgrace.
I have to entertain them, it's there for all to see.
It's got to be my destiny, and it's what my cutie mark is telling me.
Pinkie Pie.
I don't care much for pickin' fruit and plowin' fields ain't such a hoot.
No matter what I try, I cannot fix this busted water chute!
I've got so many chores to do, it's no fun being me.
But it has to be my destiny, 'cause it's what my cutie mark is telling me.
Applejack.
Lookie here at what I made, I think that it's a dress.
I know it doesn't look like much, I'm under some distress.
Could y'all give me a hand here and help me fix this mess?
My destiny is not pretty, but it's what my cutie mark is tellin' me.
Rarity.
I'm in love with weather patterns, but the others have concerns.
For I just gave them frostbite over top of their sunburns.
I have to keep on trying, for everyone can see.
Rarity and Rainbow Dash.
It's got to be.
Fluttershy.
It's got to be.
Pinkie Pie.
My destiny.
Applejack.
My destiny.
Rarity, Rainbow Dash, and Fluttershy.
And it's what my cutie mark.
Pinkie Pie and Applejack.
It's what my cutie mark.
Rarity, Rainbow Dash, Fluttershy, Pinkie Pie, Applejack.
Yes, it's what my cutie mark is telling me!
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is bad."
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is very, very bad."
Spike says: "What's going on?"
Spike says: "Why is this happening?!"
Spike says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Last night when you were taking one of your seven-hour bubble baths, I got a special delivery from the princess."
The spell contained on the last page of this book is Star Swirl the Bearded's secret unfinished masterpiece. gasps Ooh! He was never able to get it right, and thus abandoned it. I believe you are the only pony who can understand and rewrite it. Princess Celestia.
From one to another, another to one. A mark of one's destiny singled out alone, fulfilled. That doesn't make any sense. It doesn't even rhyme!
Twilight Sparkle says: "I cast the spell so I could find out what it was, but nothing seemed to happen."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But now I know something did happen."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The spell has changed the Elements of Harmony!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That must be why their cutie marks are all wrong!"
Spike says: "So just cast a counter-spell to switch them back."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There is no counter-spell!"
Spike says: "Why don't you just use that memory spell you used to fix everypony when Discord was here?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's not their memories, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's their true selves that have been altered!"
Spike says: "Zecora's cure for the cutie pox?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That won't work either..."
Spike says: "Well , maybe it won't be so bad."
Spike says: "Maybe our friends will grow to like their new lives."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "They're not who they are meant to be anymore."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Their destinies are now changed, and it's all my fault."
Twilight Sparkle.
I have to find a way.
To make this all okay.
I can't believe this small mistake.
Could've caused so much heartache.
Oh why, oh why?
Losing promise.
I don't know what to do.
Seeking answers.
I fear I won't get through to you.
Oh why, oh why?
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, Spike, what have I done?"
Spike says: "Aw, come on, Twilight, you'll figure out a way to fix this."
Spike says: "These are your friends."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're right, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And they mean more to me than anything."
Twilight Sparkle says: "My friends..."
Spike says: "Twilight?"
Spike says: "Are you alright?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've got it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know what to do!"
Spike says: "You do?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I may not be able to remind them of who they are, but I can show them what they mean to each other."
Twilight Sparkle says: "They'll find the part of themselves that's been lost so they can help the friend they care about so much!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come on, Spike!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy, wait!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh..."
Fluttershy says: "Hey, Twilight..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Where are you going?"
Fluttershy says: "I'm moving back to Cloudsdale."
Fluttershy says: "I don't know what's wrong, but I can't seem to make anypony laugh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Before you go, I was wondering if you might be willing to help Rainbow Dash."
Twilight Sparkle says: "She's really struggling with her animals."
Fluttershy says: "But..."
Fluttershy says: "I don't really know anything about animals..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But you do know something about Rainbow Dash."
Fluttershy says: "I..."
Fluttershy says: "know that she's a true friend, and I'll do anything I can to help her."
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow Dash!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm in here!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Help!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm trapped!"
Fluttershy says: "Hurry, Twilight!"
Fluttershy says: "Can't you do some sort of spell to get her out?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy, you're the only one who can help!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow Dash needs you!"
Fluttershy says: "Um..."
Fluttershy says: "Hello?"
Fluttershy says: "Little..."
Fluttershy says: "woodland creatures?"
Fluttershy says: "I know that you're all very upset and feel like giving Rainbow Dash a hard time, but we'd all really appreciate it if you'd calm down and, um, maybe..."
Fluttershy says: "rest for a bit?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh!"
Fluttershy says: "Uh..."
Fluttershy says: "look!"
Fluttershy says: "Here's some nice, juicy leaves for you to munch on."
Fluttershy says: "And some crunchy, munchy acorns too."
Fluttershy says: "Uh, wouldn't you like to take a break and have a little snack?"
Fluttershy says: "Aww, look at that."
Fluttershy says: "I guess you were all just cranky because you were hungry."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, you are very welcome, little friends."
Fluttershy says: "Goodness, it's like I can understand them!"
Fluttershy says: "I..."
Fluttershy says: "I feel strange, like..."
Fluttershy says: "like this is what I'm meant to do, like this is who I am!"
Fluttershy says: "My destiny!"
Fluttershy says: "Wha..."
Fluttershy says: "what happened?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy, look!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Your cutie mark!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It worked!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It worked!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, I'm so happy you're back to normal!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now we need your help!"
A true, true friend helps a friend in need.
A friend will be there to help them see.
Twilight and Fluttershy.
A true, true friend helps a friend in need.
To see the light that shines from a true, true friend.
Rainbow Dash says: "Um, hello?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Friend trapped inside, remember?"
Twilight Sparkle.
Rarity needs your help.
She's trying hard, doing what she can.
Fluttershy.
Would you try, just give it a chance.
You might find that you'll start to understand.
Twilight and Fluttershy.
A true, true friend helps a friend in need.
A friend will be there to help you see.
A true, true friend helps a friend in need.
To see the light that shines from a true, true friend.
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, what just happened?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "There's no time to explain, but we need your help."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Applejack's trying to make dresses!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Say no more!"
Rainbow Dash.
Applejack needs your help.
She's trying hard, doing what she can.
Would you try, just give it a chance.
You might find that you'll start to understand.
Twilight, Fluttershy, and Rainbow Dash.
A true, true friend helps a friend in need.
A friend will be there to help them see.
A true, true friend helps a friend in need.
To see the light that shines from a true, true friend.
Rarity says: "Oh my, what a terrible dream I had."
Rarity says: "Or, maybe I'm still having it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity, Pinkie Pie is about to lose the apple farm."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We need Applejack's help!"
Rarity says: "Lose the apple farm?"
Rarity says: "Well we can't let that happen, now can we?"
Rarity.
Pinkie Pie is in trouble.
We need to get there by her side.
We can try to do what we can now.
For together we can be her guide.
Twilight, Fluttershy, Rainbow Dash, and Rarity.
A true, true friend helps a friend in need.
A friend will be there to help them see.
A true, true friend helps a friend in need.
To see the light that shines from a true, true friend.
Applejack says: "Yee-haw!"
Applejack says: "Now that's more like it!"
Applejack says: "What's next?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The townspeople are furious."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We need the old Pinkie Pie back."
Applejack says: "I'm on it."
Applejack says: "I know just the thing."
Applejack.
The townspeople need you.
They've been sad for a while.
They march around, face a-frown.
And never seem to smile.
And if you feel like helpin'.
We'd appreciate a lot.
If you'd get up there and spread some cheer.
From here to Canterlot.
Pinkie Pie says: "Come on ponies, I wanna see you SMILE!"
Crowd says: "PINKIE!"
Main cast and crowd.
A true, true friend helps a friend in need.
A friend will be there to help them see.
A true, true friend helps a friend in need.
To see the light! To see the light!
That shines! That shines!
From a true, true friend!
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wait a second, that's it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I understand now!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know how to fix the spell!"
From all of us together, together we're friends. With the marks of our destinies made one, there is magic without end!
Fluttershy says: "What happened?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hello?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Where am I?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What is this place?"
Princess Celestia says: "Congratulations, Twilight."
Princess Celestia says: "I knew you could do it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't understand."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What did I do?"
Princess Celestia says: "You did something today that's never been done before."
Princess Celestia says: "Something even a great unicorn like Star Swirl the Bearded was not able to do, because he did not understand friendship like you do."
Princess Celestia says: "The lessons you've learned here in Ponyville have taught you well."
Princess Celestia says: "You have proven that you're ready, Twilight."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ready?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ready for what?"
Princess Celestia.
You've come such a long, long way.
And I've watched you from that very first day.
To see how you might grow.
To see what you might do.
To see what you've been through.
And all the ways you've made me proud of you.
It's time now for a new change to come.
You've grown up and your new life has begun.
To go where you will go.
To see what you will see.
To find what you will be.
For it's time for you to fulfill your destiny.
Applejack says: "Twilight?"
Applejack says: "Is that you?"
Applejack says: "Wha..."
Applejack says: "I-I've never seen anything like it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ha!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Twilight's got wings!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Awesome!"
Rainbow Dash says: "A new flying buddy!"
Rarity says: "Why, you've become an Alicorn."
Rarity says: "I didn't even know that was possible."
Fluttershy says: "Wow..."
Fluttershy says: "You look just like a princess!"
Princess Celestia says: "That's because she is a princess."
Main cast says: "Huh?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hold on a second!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "A..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "A princess?"
Princess Celestia says: "Since you've come to Ponyville, you've displayed the charity, compassion, devotion, integrity, optimism, and of course, the leadership of a true princess."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "does this mean I won't be your student anymore?"
Princess Celestia says: "Not in the same way as before."
Princess Celestia says: "I'll still be here to help and guide you, but we're all your students now, too."
Princess Celestia says: "You are an inspiration to us all, Twilight."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "what do I do now?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Is there a book about being a princess I should read?"
Princess Celestia says: "There will be time for all of that later."
Princess Celestia says: "We are gathered here today in celebration of a momentous occasion."
Princess Celestia says: "My most faithful student, Twilight Sparkle, has done many extraordinary things since she's lived in Ponyville."
Princess Celestia says: "She even helped reunite me with my sister, Princess Luna."
Princess Celestia says: "But today, Twilight Sparkle did something extraordinary."
Princess Celestia says: "She created new magic, proving without a doubt that she is ready to be crowned Equestria's newest princess."
Princess Celestia says: "Fillies and gentlecolts, may I present for the very first time, Princess Twilight Sparkle!"
Choir.
The Princess Twilight cometh.
Behold, behold.
A Princess here before us.
Behold, behold, behold.
Behold, behold behold, behold.
The Princess Twilight cometh.
Behold, behold behold, behold.
The Princess is.
The Princess is here!
Princess Celestia says: "Say something, Princess."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Um..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "A little while ago, my teacher and mentor Princess Celestia sent me to live in Ponyville."
Twilight Sparkle says: "She sent me to study friendship, which is something I didn't really care much about."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But now, on a day like today, I can honestly say I wouldn't be standing here if it weren't for the friendships I've made with all of you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Each one of you taught me something about friendship, and for that, I will always be grateful."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Today, I consider myself the luckiest pony in Equestria."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thank you, friends."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thank you, everypony!"
Shining Armor says: "Twilight!"
Shining Armor says: "I'm so proud of you!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you crying?"
Shining Armor says: "Of course not."
Shining Armor says: "It's..."
Shining Armor says: "it's liquid pride."
Shining Armor says: "Totally different thing."
Applejack says: "Way to go, Princess!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Best coronation day ever!"
Fluttershy says: "We love you, Twilight."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I love you too, girls!"
Twilight Sparkle.
Life in Equestria shimmers.
Life in Equestria shines.
And I know for absolute certain.
Main cast and crowd.
That everything that everything.
Yes, everything yes, everything.
Yes, everything is certainly fine.
It’s fine.
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everything’s going to be just fine!"