Pinkie Pie says: "Marzipan Mascarpone Meringue Madness."
Pinkie Pie says: "You've really outdone yourselves, Mr."
Pinkie Pie says: "and Mrs."
Pinkie Pie says: "Cake."
Pinkie Pie says: "This is sure to be the winning entry of this year's national dessert competition!"
Mrs. Cake says: "Oh, thank you, Pinkie!"
Mr. Cake says: "And thanks for transporting it all the way to Canterlot for us."
Pinkie Pie says: "Absolutely!"
Applejack says: "Uh, beg pardon, but could we maybe move things along?"
Applejack says: "This here cake's a mite heavy."
Applejack says: "Right, Big McIntosh?"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup..."
Big McIntosh says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Alrighty then, Big Mac!"
Pinkie Pie says: "To the train depot!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That's it, Big Mac, nice and slow."
Pinkie Pie says: "This is precious cargo you're carrying."
Mr. Cake says: "Yes, it took months of planning and testing."
Mr. Cake says: "Fall!"
Mrs. Cake says: "Fall!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Don't worry, Mr."
Pinkie Pie says: "and Mrs."
Pinkie Pie says: "Cake."
Pinkie Pie says: "Rainbow Dash, Fluttershy, a little pegassistance?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'll get it there safely, you'll see!"
Mrs. Cake says: "Ahahah, oh..."
Mrs. Cake says: "of course, Pinkie."
Mr. Cake says: "We never doubted you."
Pinkie Pie says: "Twilight, can I see you a second?"
Pinkie Pie says: "A nice protective spell as extra insurance."
Pinkie Pie says: "Better safe than sorry."
Pinkie Pie says: "AJ, Rarity, one last thing?"
Pinkie Pie says: "All right, everypony, we're in the home stretch here."
Pinkie Pie says: "See, Mr."
Pinkie Pie says: "and Mrs."
Pinkie Pie says: "Cake?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I got it here without a hitch!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Now all we have to do is get it..."
Pinkie Pie says: "in?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Thank you all for helping me get the cake safely on the dessert car."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thank you for inviting us all to go with you to Canterlot for the National Dessert Competition."
Rarity says: "I'm sure the festivities will be just lovely."
Applejack says: "Phooey on the festivities!"
Applejack says: "I can't wait to try all those tasty treats!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Well, the tastiest treat of all is sure to be the Cakes' Marzipan Mascarpone Meringue Madness."
Pinkie Pie says: "All that rich creamy goodness of the marzipan, combined with the tart tanginess of the mascarpone, blended perfectly with the smooth, silky sweetness of the meringue."
Pinkie Pie says: "That's why I call the Marzipan Mascarpone Meringue Madness the "MMMM"."
Rest of main cast says: "MMMM."
Pinkie Pie says: "Exactly."
Pinkie Pie says: "It's the most delicious delectable delightful de-lovely cake in Equestria, and it's sure to win first prize."
Gustave le Grand says: "Zis is not so, for I, Gustave le Grand, do challenge your crude cake to a duel of delectable delicacies against my..."
Gustave le Grand says: "..."
Gustave le Grand says: "exceptionally Exquisite Éclairs!"
Gustave le Grand says: "They will undoubtedly strike down all ze competition, winning first prize and crowning me le champion."
Donut Joe says: "Not a chance, le Grand."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Donut Joe!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What are you doing in Ponyville?"
Donut Joe says: "Picking up the final all-important ingredient for my contest entry, Donutopia!"
Donut Joe says: "And with these super-sprinkles, my donuts are going to dunk all the other lousy desserts, steal first prize, and make my donut shop famous forever!"
Mulia Mild says: "Oh, Joe..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hello."
Pinkie Pie says: "What's your name?"
Mulia Mild says: "I am Mulia Mild."
Mulia Mild says: "Behold, my Chocolate Mousse Moose."
Mulia Mild says: "It will trample all your treats, be given first prize, and make me the greatest chef in Equestria."
Gustave le Grand says: "Madame Mild, you and your mousse moose are mistaken."
Donut Joe says: "Your frou-frou éclairs will never defeat my donuts!"
Pinkie Pie says: "The Cakes' Marzipan Mascarpone Meringue Madness is going to win!"
Mulia Mild says: "Your simple cake could never take my moose."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, it sure looks like we're in for a delicious competition tomorrow."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe we should all settle in for a good night's sleep."
Donut Joe says: "Hmph."
Mulia Mild says: "Nyahh."
Gustave le Grand says: "Huh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I gotta admit I'm pretty beat."
Applejack says: "Yeah, I'm gonna hit the hay myself."
Pinkie Pie says: "Wait!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Didn't you hear those chefs?"
Pinkie Pie says: "We have to protect "MMMM"."
Rarity says: "MMMM?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Mmm-hmmm."
Pinkie Pie says: "I know for super sure that "MMMM" is the best dessert in all of Equestria, and I know that they know it too."
Rainbow Dash says: "So..."
Pinkie Pie says: "So..."
Pinkie Pie says: "one of them is going to sabotage the Cakes' cake tonight!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You have to help me stand guard!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "you're overreacting."
Applejack says: "Yeah, those chefs aren't going to do your cake any harm."
Pinkie Pie says: "But they are!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I just know it."
Rainbow Dash says: "Fine!"
Rainbow Dash says: "If you want to stand guard, go for it."
Rainbow Dash says: "We're going to bed."
Pinkie Pie says: "I'll show them."
Pinkie Pie says: "I'll stay up all night and protect you."
Pinkie Pie says: "Nothing and nopony will stop me from keeping you safe."
Pinkie Pie says: "Huh?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Stop, you saboteur!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I have you now!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Wha?"
Pinkie Pie says: "A-ha!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ahh?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Thank Celestia you're okay!"
Pinkie Pie says: "But one of those bakers is mixing up something bad, so I'm not leaving you again no matter what."
Pinkie Pie says: "Huh?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Who turned out the moon?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Don't go near that cake, thief!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Stop, thief!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, are you okay, thief?"
Pinkie Pie says: "The cake!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, MMMM, you look mmmm-marvelous."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Whoa!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I know."
Pinkie Pie says: "I think some congratulations are in order for a job well done."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Um, you better hold off on giving yourself an award just yet, Pinkie."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Look."
Pinkie Pie says: "Look at what?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Huh?"
Applejack says: "What is it?"
Rainbow Dash says: "What happened?"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's the Marzipan Mascarpone Meringue Madness, it's been  mutilated!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Now we just need to find out who done it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You mean, who did it."
Pinkie Pie says: "Exactly."
Pinkie Pie says: "Who did-done-dood it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, having read many mystery novels, I know that the only way to discover the culprit is to investigate."
Pinkie Pie says: "Exactly."
Pinkie Pie says: "And as chief detective, that's exactly what I'm gonna do."
Applejack says: "Uh, you're investigatin'?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yes!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And Twilight shall be my lowly assistant who asks silly questions with obvious answers."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fine, Pinkie."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Should we start looking for clues?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Perfect silly question, my dear Twilight, because the obvious answer is..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes?"
Pinkie Pie says: "No!"
Pinkie Pie says: "'Cause I know who did it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie, how could you possibly know?"
Pinkie Pie says: "How could I possibly not know?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Clearly this dastardly deed was done by the baker who knew their dessert could not measure up to the mastery of the Marzipan Mascarpone Meringue Madness."
Pinkie Pie says: "I guess you feared your éclairs lacked flair, Gustave!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Thus, destroying the cake and the Cakes' chance of winning the National Dessert Competition."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But it makes no sense!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What do you mean, lowly assistant?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, first, if you were tied to the train tracks, how are you now here?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Huh..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Guess that isn't a totally silly question."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And second, the cake hasn't been sliced."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's been bitten."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just look at the teeth marks!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hm..."
Pinkie Pie says: "You're right, my fine fellow."
Pinkie Pie says: "Gustave le Grand is clearly in the clear, which means the "MMMM" was destroyed by another baker."
Pinkie Pie says: "A baker who's donuts are do-nots."
Pinkie Pie says: "That's right, it was Joe!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Or as he's known the spy world, Mane."
Pinkie Pie says: "Con Mane."
Pinkie Pie says: "Crushing the Cakes' chances to win!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "There is no laser beam security system!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And Joe is not sleek, stealthy Con Mane!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "He's big, gruff, and messy!"
Donut Joe says: "Hey!"
Rarity says: "Although, you would look rather dapper in a tuxedo."
Pinkie Pie says: "Huh..."
Pinkie Pie says: "You may be right, lowly assistant."
Twilight Sparkle says: "May be?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Now that I'm taking a closer look at these desserts, I see that one simply cannot look me in the eye."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "that moose is a mousse!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yes, and the mule behind the moose panicked when she saw the mastery of the "MMMM"."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So you're saying that the culprit is..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Mulia Mild!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Putting an end to the Cakes' dreams of taking first prize."
Pinkie Pie says: "Huh, I hope you're proud of yourself, Mulia."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie, stop!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is ridiculous!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Look at her!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I guess you're right..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thank you!"
Pinkie Pie says: "But I was so sure that it was one of the other bitter bakers that destroyed the "MMMM"."
Pinkie Pie says: "That way, their delicious dessert would reign supreme."
Pinkie Pie says: "I mean, just look at Joe's Donutopia."
Pinkie Pie says: "It's a spectacular city of donutty delight, topped temptingly in sprinklicious sprinkles."
Pinkie Pie says: "And Gustave's éclairs look incredibly edible, with glistening glaziness."
Pinkie Pie says: "But then there's Mulia Mild's Mousse Moose."
Pinkie Pie says: "why, this mouth-wateringly marvelous mousse moose tempts the taste buds with its silky, smooth, yummy-nummy, chocolateyness."
Pinkie Pie says: "So why did this criminal devour the Marzipan Mascarpone Meringue Madness while leaving this trio of tasty treats untouched?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Now I have no idea who do-doned it!"
Pinkie Pie says: "This mystery gets more mysterious every minute."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, you have to stop the wild accusations and get to the truth."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everypony go back to your cars while we do a little investigating."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, Pinkie, in order to really solve this mystery, we're going to have to find clues."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now you were here at the scene of the crime all night."
Pinkie Pie says: "Huh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You're not accusing me, are you?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But maybe you saw something that will help us."
Pinkie Pie says: "I saw a silhouette in the moonlight!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Good..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Let's retrace your steps."
Pinkie Pie says: "And then I chased the culprit down the train towards the caboose, but when I got there, he was gone."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hm..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "A-ha!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Our first clue."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think I know who did it, Pinkie."
Pinkie Pie says: "Already?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes, but I need more evidence to confirm."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Tell me what happened next."
Pinkie Pie says: "I heard somepony else in the dessert car and chased them up to the engine..."
Pinkie Pie says: "..."
Pinkie Pie says: "But, when I got there, all I saw was the conductor shoveling coal."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The conductor, huh?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But that doesn't make any sense."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What happened next, Pinkie?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Well..."
Pinkie Pie says: "I went back to the dessert car."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes?"
Pinkie Pie says: "The curtains mysteriously closed, all on their own."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Interesting."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Anything else?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I heard hoofsteps, a loud thud..."
Pinkie Pie says: "..."
Pinkie Pie says: "and then they were gone!"
Pinkie Pie says: "When I opened the curtains, I saw that the portrait by the door was all crooked."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh my, what is that?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What next Pinkie?"
Pinkie Pie says: "That's it."
Pinkie Pie says: "I was here guarding the cake the rest of the night."
Pinkie Pie says: "I mean..."
Pinkie Pie says: "I slept by the cake the rest of the night."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And when you woke up, half the cake was gone?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Exactly."
Twilight Sparkle says: "By Jove, I think I've got it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Call everypony back."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We have a cake culprit to catch."
Mulia Mild says: "Why are we all here again?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I bet you're wondering why you're all here again."
Donut Joe says: "She's good."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We have discovered the true culprit of this cake carnage."
Gustave le Grand says: "But how?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, you see, when committing a crime, it's crucial that one never leaves behind clues, especially an obvious clue like..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "this."
Pinkie Pie says: "A-ha!"
Pinkie Pie says: "A blue feather!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I knew it was you, Gustave le Grand!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie, Gustave doesn't have blue feathers."
Pinkie Pie says: "No, 'cause he's been dyeing them!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No, Pinkie."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Remember how when you chased the suspect to the caboose, they suddenly disappeared?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's because they flew away."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But the thief did leave a little something behind, didn't you, Rainbow Dash?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I-I don't even like cake!"
Pinkie Pie says: "So Rainbow Dash did it!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Case solved!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Case not solved, because when we went to the engine, I saw the conductor's hat."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And inside the hat was..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "this."
Pinkie Pie says: "So it was you!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That pink hair came from your rainbow-colored mane!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I don't have pink in my mane, Pinkie!"
Pinkie Pie says: "So you're wearing a wig?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ow!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Cut it out!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie, remember?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You chased a pony to the engine, where you thought you saw the conductor shoveling coal, but that wasn't the conductor at all."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It was..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh my."
Pinkie Pie says: "You're goin' down, Fluttershy!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But then another clue confounded my suspicions."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You were guarding the cake when the curtains mysteriously closed."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But that's no mystery, that's magic."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But when the thief tried to make their great escape, they left a little addition to the portrait."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Has anypony else noticed that Rarity is wearing her hair rather differently today?"
Rarity says: "What?"
Rarity says: "Is it a crime to change one's style now and again?"
Rarity says: "Why, I think it's a crime not to."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Really?"
Rarity says: "Fine, I'm guilty!"
Rarity says: "I wear false eyelashes!"
Rarity says: "Oh, and I took a bite of the cake."
Fluttershy says: "So did I."
Rainbow Dash says: "Aw nuts, so did I."
Rarity says: "You just made it sound so delectable."
Fluttershy says: "So tasty."
Rainbow Dash says: "And boy was it!"
Rarity says: "I only meant to take a little, lady-like bite."
Fluttershy says: "And it was so good."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, I just dove right in!"
Fluttershy says: "But I'm really really sorry."
Rarity says: "Terribly sorry."
Rainbow Dash says: "Sorry, Pinkie."
Pinkie Pie says: "That's okay."
Pinkie Pie says: "At least this mystery is finally solved."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But it isn't."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We figured out who ate the Marzipan Mascarpone Meringue Madness, but we still don't know who devoured the other bakers' goods."
Pinkie Pie says: "You're right, Twilight."
Pinkie Pie says: "You know what we have to do?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes, I do."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Do you?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Look for clues!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, Pinkie."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Did you find the devourer of the desserts?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I most certainly did."
Pinkie Pie says: "It was none other than..."
Pinkie Pie says: "the bakers!"
Pinkie Pie says: "First of all, Gustave has mousse in his moustache!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And Joe has éclair in his hair!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And Mulia has sprinkles in her wrinkles!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What do you say, bakers?"
Gustave le Grand says: "Oh, I am so sorry, Mulia, but Pinkie made your mousse moose sound..."
Gustave le Grand says: "très magnifique."
Donut Joe says: "And Pinkie's description of your éclairs really did make 'em sound scrumptious."
Mulia Mild says: "And the way she spoke of your Donutopia, ohh, was too delectable to resist."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, everypony, we finally have the mystery solved."
Gustave le Grand says: "Yes, but now we don't have any desserts to enter into ze contest!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I think we can fix that."
Pinkie Pie says: "Come on!"
Today I learned that it is not good to jump to conclusions. You have to find out all the facts before saying somepony did something. If you don't, you could end up blaming somepony for something they never did. This could hurt their feelings, and it can make you look really foolish. So from now on, I will always make sure to get all the facts.
Pinkie Pie says: "How's that for a lesson, Princess Celestia?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Care for a bite?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I don't mind if I do."
Pinkie Pie says: "Mmmmm."