Previously on My Little Pony.
Sunburst says: "That's the last entry."
Sunburst says: "Star Swirl's final words before he vanished."
Applejack says: "All those legendary ponies were real, too?"
Applejack says: "And then none of them were ever heard from again?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "They used their magic to open a portal to limbo."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We need to find items that are connected to the Pillars in some way."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We brought you back!"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "You cannot bring only the Pillars back!"
Pony of Shadows says: "Your pitiful attempt to imprison me has failed, Star Swirl!"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "You must return us to limbo."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "It's the only way to stop him."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I only figured out how to bring you back."
Sunburst says: "Working on it!"
Sunburst says: "No table of contents!"
Pony of Shadows says: "Allow me to assist."
Pony of Shadows says: "There!"
Pony of Shadows says: "Without the power of Ponhenge, your banishing spell is useless!"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "You have studied my writings."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Surely you have some other plan."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just wanted to save you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I didn't think—"
Pony of Shadows says: "Don't fret."
Pony of Shadows says: "When I extinguish the light and hope of this miserable world, you won't remember any of this."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No!"
Pony of Shadows says: "Argh!"
Pony of Shadows says: "This one is almost as..."
Pony of Shadows says: "strong as you, Star Swirl."
Pony of Shadows says: "But even in my weakened state, she cannot stop the might of shadows!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Lucky for her, she's not alone!"
Pony of Shadows says: "Arrrrggghhhh!"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Know this, fiend!"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "We will not rest until we find a way to return you to limbo!"
Pony of Shadows says: "Never!"
Pony of Shadows says: "Your days of glory are through, Star Swirl."
Pony of Shadows says: "Now my dark power will reign, and you six will bow to me!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Um..."
Rainbow Dash says: "where'd he go?"
Somnambula says: "That is a riddle we must unravel."
Somnambula says: "And quickly."
Mage Meadowbrook says: "How long have we been gone?"
Fluttershy says: "Over a thousand years."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Then my spell worked – before it was meddled with – and the realm has been at peace for a millennia!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Weeeeell..."
Pinkie Pie says: "we did have to save everypony from Nightmare Moon and Discord and Chrysalis and King Sombra and Lord Tirek, and there was that one time when Starlight traveled through time and almost destroyed life as we know it!"
Pinkie Pie says: "But that's all in the past."
Flash Magnus says: "If you are truly this accomplished, we will stop the Pony of Shadows twice as fast together."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "We shall see."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "It is an easy thing to say you have saved the world."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "It is quite another to do it."
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, we've saved the world, Beardo."
Rainbow Dash says: "And we can do it again."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Be that as it may, the problem of locating the Pony of Shadows remains, and this land is vast."
Rarity says: "It sounds like you need a map."
Rarity says: "Luckily, we have just the thing."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Something about this magic seems familiar..."
Rarity says: "Did you know he can do that?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "He's Star Swirl!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "He can do anything!"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "This map, and indeed this very castle, are grown from the seed we planted over a thousand years ago."
Rockhoof says: "Then it did work!"
Sunburst says: "What worked?"
Somnambula says: "Each of us infused a crystal seed with our magic in hopes that it would grow into a force for good."
Mistmane says: "We wanted to leave something to protect the realm in our absence, but we never dreamed our gift would become so powerful."
Applejack says: "Y'all mean the Elements came from you?"
Pinkie Pie says: "You know, the sparkly crystal things that grow from the Tree of Harmony and represent each of us?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Laughter, honesty, generosity, loyalty, kindness, and magic!"
Somnambula says: "They are reflections of our own elements of hope, strength, beauty, bravery, healing, and sorcery."
Mage Meadowbrook says: "We had no idea our small seed would bloom into the living spirit of the land."
Mage Meadowbrook says: "I am glad our mantles have passed to such capable ponies."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "More importantly, we no longer need Ponhenge to send our foe back to limbo."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "We can use the stored magic in this Tree of Harmony."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But doesn't a banishing spell take a lot of power?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We'd have to sacrifice the Elements for that."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Mm-hmm."
Fluttershy says: "They'd be gone..."
Fluttershy says: "forever?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Star Swirl, I don't think the Tree can survive without the Elements."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If it dies, Equestria will suffer."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "If the Pony of Shadows has his way, your land will not exist."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "So unless you have a better idea..."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Our foe will seek dark places from which to draw power."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "I will prepare my spell so that we may strike as soon as you find him."
Rainbow Dash says: "What are we waiting for?"
Flash Magnus says: "I like your spirit!"
Spike says: "What about this one?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Seapony etiquette isn't going to help right now, Spike."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Uh, Twilight?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Are you okay?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just unleashed ultimate evil and doomed Equestria because I was obsessed with meeting my idol!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why wouldn't I be okay?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You didn't know that was gonna happen."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I should have listened to you and left things alone."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now the Elements of Harmony will be lost to fix my mistake!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Maybe there's another way."
Spike says: "If there is, Twilight will find it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Portal gate..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Portal keys..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Portal spells..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "If the Pillars can hold open the gateway to limbo, a powerful pony can do the banishing spell herself!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Do you know what this means?"
Spike says: "I can stop carrying books?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Pillars don't have to leave Equestria!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Even though we'll lose the Elements, we'll have the ponies that created them."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And the Pony of Shadows will be banished for good!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "That's great."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Heh."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But I was thinking of another way that maybe doesn't involve banishing at all?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Star Swirl knew what he was doing when he cast that spell."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If I can make it even better, maybe he'll see that I take magic as seriously as he does."
Rockhoof says: "It seems the dark places Star Swirl indicated on the map have changed."
Applejack says: "I bet the Pony of Shadows would've loved the Ghastly Caverns before a thousand years of erosion turned it into the Ghastly Gorge."
Fluttershy says: "The Appeloosian Wastes sure sounded dark and desolate."
Rarity says: "Who knew they would become such a popular square dancing destination?"
Pinkie Pie says: "And I get how this part of Equestria used to be cast in eternal night where the Pony of Shadows could draw power and wreak havoc while ponies were powerless to stop him."
Pinkie Pie says: "But..."
Pinkie Pie says: "..."
Pinkie Pie says: "it's kinda made a comeback!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Did I mention it's really bright?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "It seems there are fewer dark corners in the realm these days."
Rainbow Dash says: "Isn't that a good thing?"
Flash Magnus says: "True."
Flash Magnus says: "The Pony of Shadows will have a hard time regaining power."
Flash Magnus says: "When he rears his head, we'll be ready!"
Fluttershy says: "Isn't there some way to banish him without losing all of you?"
Mage Meadowbrook says: "Oh, I wish there were."
Mage Meadowbrook says: "But to save our home, we are willin' to leave it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't think you'll have to!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "My spell isn't finished yet, but I think we can send the Pony of Shadows to limbo without all of you having to go as well!"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "While I appreciate your enthusiasm, Twilight, this is hardly the time to take risks on half-baked spells."
Applejack says: "Beggin' your pardon, Mr."
Applejack says: "the Bearded!"
Applejack says: "But Twilight doesn't do anythin' halfway!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Especially not magic!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Seriously!"
Rainbow Dash says: "She got her wings by finishing one of your spells!"
Rarity says: "I think you'll find her work is worth reading before you dismiss it out of hoof!"
Fluttershy says: "Mm-hmm!"
Mage Meadowbrook says: "While it is an unconventional approach, I believe it could work."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Hmm."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "I suppose there is a chance."
Sunburst says: "But we still have no idea where to find the villain."
Spike says: "Maybe we should try there?"
Applejack says: "The Hollow Shades."
Applejack says: "I think a branch of the Apple family lives there."
Sunburst says: "They'd have to be pretty distant."
Sunburst says: "The Hollow Shades was abandoned eons ago."
Rarity says: "Hmm, that's odd."
Rarity says: "The only time the map's called all of us to one place was Starlight's village."
Rainbow Dash says: "So it's like a super-villain tracker!"
Rainbow Dash says: "No offense."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Do you think the map could be trying to tell us where the Pony of Shadows is?"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Hmm..."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "The Tree of Harmony acting to protect the light of the realm..."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Yes."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "A good thought, Twilight."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "I will make my notes on this spell."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Ready yourselves for battle."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Uh, I know I'm not as experienced as all of you, but is banishment really the only option?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I mean, it's been a long time."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Maybe the Pony of Shadows is ready to talk?"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "I doubt we can save our homeland with a conversation."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But we could try."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Starlight, I'm sure Star Swirl and the others did try."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "The Pony of Shadows was not interested in reconciliation."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Once a villain, always a villain."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Twilight, Sunburst, would you accompany me?"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "I wish to refine this spell for our use."
Rockhoof says: "Come."
Rockhoof says: "We must prepare for the struggle ahead."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I know Star Swirl is a great wizard, but this whole plan seems..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "wrong."
Starlight Glimmer says: "The map's only ever sent us to solve friendship problems."
Spike says: "Maybe so, but the Pony of Shadows doesn't really seem like the "friendship" type."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Honestly?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "We don't know anything about him."
Spike says: "Well, nopony does."
Starlight Glimmer says: "That's not entirely true."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You all knew the Pony of Shadows before he became what he is now."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You must've been friends."
Starlight Glimmer says: "So what happened?"
Rockhoof says: "The tale of our rift is a sad one."
Rockhoof says: "Stygian was a pony like the rest of us, though more scholar than hero."
Rockhoof says: "He recognized our emerging world would need champions to defend it."
Flash Magnus says: "He may have gathered us together, but he himself was just an ordinary unicorn who soon grew jealous of our abilities."
Mistmane says: "He stole objects from each of us."
Mistmane says: "Artifacts to use in a spell."
Mage Meadowbrook says: "And we cast him out for it."
Somnambula says: "We always thought he'd return and seek forgiveness."
Somnambula says: "But when we saw him again, his heart was bent on revenge."
Somnambula says: "He dashed even my hope of saving him."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But why did he steal the artifacts from you?"
Mage Meadowbrook says: "No doubt it was an enchantment to take our powers for himself."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Hmm..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "That looks like a lot of work."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "It is what must be done, and it would be best if we were not disturbed."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sorry, Starlight, but we can't stop to talk."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The stakes are too high, and we have to—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Banish Stygian to limbo."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I get it."
Sunburst says: "Uh, who?"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Stygian was the name the Pony of Shadows gave up when he turned to darkness."
Starlight Glimmer says: "And I'm just trying to figure out why."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Envy."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "He wanted more power than he had, and that desire led him down a path from which there is no return!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I know from experience that's not always true."
Starlight Glimmer says: "When the map called you six to my village, it was for a friendship problem."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Are you sure this is different?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I..."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Stygian wants to destroy all that is good in this world."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "There's no way to befriend a pony like that."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I guess I'm lucky your idol wasn't around when you decided to be my friend."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I might've been banished to limbo, too."
Somnambula says: "I am glad we have the chance to see what has grown from our efforts so long ago."
Mistmane says: "It seems a shame to harm it."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "A necessary sacrifice."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "With the Elements' power, we will bind the Pony of Shadows in limbo."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "And thanks to Twilight, we will remain to watch over the realm ourselves."
Rockhoof says: "Um..."
Rockhoof says: "how do we use them?"
Rarity says: "Well, you..."
Rarity says: "Oh."
Rarity says: "I'm not sure."
Rarity says: "They simply work for us."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "The Elements are attuned to you."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "We must use their magic in pairs."
Rainbow Dash says: "No problem."
Rainbow Dash says: "We're used to banishing evil before breakfast."
Applejack says: "And it'll be an honor to save Equestria with y'all."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I really hope Twilight knows what she's doing..."
Sunburst says: "I don't remember reading anything that said the Hollow Shades was like this."
Mistmane says: "Ohhh."
Mistmane says: "The Pony of Shadows must have twisted it to his purposes."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Prepare yourselves."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "He is here."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Stygian!"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Show yourself and face us!"
Sunburst says: "I definitely would've remembered reading about this."
Pony of Shadows says: "Welcome to the Well of Shade!"
Pony of Shadows says: "When you turned your backs on me, I discovered this place."
Pony of Shadows says: "The darkness spoke to me of a power beyond any I could imagine, and I listened."
Pony of Shadows says: "The shadow and I became one."
Pony of Shadows says: "Soon, all of the realm will be the same."
Pony of Shadows says: "Then all ponies will feel the despair I did when you cast me out!"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "We did what we had to do."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "You tried to steal our powers for yourself."
Pony of Shadows says: "No!"
Pony of Shadows says: "It was you who were selfish!"
Pony of Shadows says: "And now you will pay!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Are you still sure this isn't a friendship problem?"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Ready?"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Open the portal..."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "..."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Now!"
Pony of Shadows says: "No!"
Pony of Shadows says: "You will not trap me again!"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Twilight!"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Push him in!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Huh?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "There's..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "a pony in there."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Stygian?"
Stygian says: "I was, once."
Stygian says: "Until my friends betrayed me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But Star Swirl says you betrayed them."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You wanted their magic..."
Stygian says: "No!"
Stygian says: "I wanted their respect."
Stygian says: "I brought them together."
Stygian says: "I planned strategy, and I read all I could about the beasts we faced."
Stygian says: "But I didn't have magic or strength, so nopony ever noticed me."
Stygian says: "I went to Ponhenge to make my own copies of the artifacts."
Stygian says: "With them, I thought I could be a Pillar, too, and stand by their side in battle."
Stygian says: "I never wanted to steal their power."
Stygian says: "But instead of sharing and letting me help, my friends threw me out."
Stygian says: "So I became stronger than any of them!"
Stygian says: "The darkness welcomed me when no pony would, and I will do what I must to protect it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is all a misunderstanding!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "If the Pillars knew how you felt, I'm sure they wouldn't have turned their backs on you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The shadow isn't who you really are."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Let me help you be Stygian again."
Stygian says: "Even if my friends did still care, what makes you think you have the power to help me?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Because it's what she does."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I wasn't so different from you, and Twilight helped me change."
Starlight Glimmer says: "If there's one pony in Equestria that can save a friendship, it's her."
Stygian says: "I..."
Stygian says: "I want to believe you..."
Stygian says: "But the darkness will not be stopped!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Aah!"
Pony of Shadows says: "Argh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fight the darkness, Stygian!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You don't need it anymore!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Revenge isn't what you want!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Friendship is!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Twilight!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ugh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The shadow won't let go of him."
Twilight Sparkle says: "He wants to stop, but he can't do it alone."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Then we must help him!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, it felt sooooo good to do that again!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Friendship power rush!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whoo!"
Rarity says: "The Elements!"
Rarity says: "They didn't disappear!"
Fluttershy says: "Maybe because we used them for healing magic instead of banishing?"
Applejack says: "Look!"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Long ago, you needed our help, Stygian."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "But instead of listening, we turned our backs on you."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Pride clouded my judgment."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "I owe you an apology."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Thank you for helping us see the errors of our ways, Twilight."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "It seems I never accounted for the Magic of Friendship."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thank you, Swirlstar!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh, Star Swirl!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Soooo..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "apparently a conversation can save Equestria?"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Something tells me I will be making a lot of apologies today."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "I simply cannot believe how tall you've gotten!"
Princess Celestia says: "Well, it has been over a thousand years."
Princess Celestia says: "Will you stay here and teach magic once again?"
Princess Celestia says: "My sister and I have such fond memories of your lessons."
Princess Luna says: "As long as you don't ask for those essays we owed you before you disappeared."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "I'm not certain Canterlot is where I belong."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "The realm has grown, and I believe I'll have a look around before I settle in any one place."
Mage Meadowbrook says: "And I long to see what has become of my home."
Mistmane says: "I believe we all do."
Princess Celestia says: "Then I hope you will return to Canterlot on occasion and share the wisdom of your great experience with the next generation of ponies."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "We would be honored."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "But if it is wisdom you seek, look no further than your own pupil."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "She showed me that the power of friendship is a magical force indeed."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "And that in turning away from others, you hurt yourself as well."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's funny."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I thought meeting my idol would give me all the answers I ever wanted."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But instead, I forgot what I already knew."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Good thing I had a student of my own to remind me."