Twilight Sparkle says: "As you've all probably noticed, it's been quite some time since the map has sent us on a mission of friendship."
Spike says: "Yeah!"
Spike says: "Ever since Starlight messed with it to go back in time and try to change history!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Since then."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But, as part of her studies, Starlight's been assisting me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And together, we think we've come up with a spell that can get it working again!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh, well done!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now without further ado..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Fluttershy and Twilight in Appleloosa!"
Pinkie Pie says: "No, me and Rainbow Dash in Las Pegasus!"
Pinkie Pie says: "No, Rainbow Dash and Twilight in Yakyakistan!"
Pinkie Pie says: "No, Twilight and Twilight in Twilight's castle!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh."
Pinkie Pie says: "Me!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Me!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, me..."
Pinkie Pie says: "and Rarity!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I hope it's some faraway place that nopony has gone before!"
Rarity says: "I'll have to pack extra outfits!"
Rarity says: "What will I wear?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Y'know, some ponies get excited about the silliest things."
Rarity says: "Now then, as far as finding a friendship problem, I suggest we start at the castle and begin to question the proper—"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, Rarity, you don't find a friendship problem."
Pinkie Pie says: "It finds you."
Pinkie Pie says: "We just need to go with the flow, and eventually, kablam!"
Pinkie Pie says: "We get friendship problem'd right between the eyes."
Rarity says: "Well, this is a team effort, so if you feel we should go with the flow, then with the flow we shall go."
Rarity says: "But where's the flow saying we should go?"
Pinkie Pie says: "You know Canterlot."
Pinkie Pie says: "What do you think we should do?"
Rarity says: "Hm."
Rarity says: "Take your pick."
Rarity says: "Culture, couture, cuisine!"
Rarity says: "Oh, my."
Rarity says: "Well, it sounds like your stomach is saying we should flow towards some lunch?"
Rarity says: "I know just where to go."
Rarity says: "Restaurant Row, the absolute best place for fine dining in all of Equestria!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh, so many choices!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Where should we go?"
Pinkie Pie says: "This one?"
Pinkie Pie says: "That one?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Those ones?"
Rarity says: "Any establishments that have this – the three-hoof rating."
Pinkie Pie says: "Um, whose hooves?"
Rarity says: "Why, Zesty Gourmand, the Queen of Cuisine."
Rarity says: "When it comes to food, she is the ultimate authority in Canterlot and thus all Equestria."
Rarity says: "She judges a restaurant on cuisine, decor, and presentation."
Rarity says: "Without her approval, a restaurant simply cannot survive."
Pinkie Pie says: "What's so important about her approval?"
Rarity says: "Zesty grew up around fine dining, and everypony hangs on her every word when it comes to cuisine."
Pinkie Pie says: "Wow!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Then the food here must be amazing!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Lead the way, partner!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whee!"
Rarity says: "Ah."
Rarity says: "Yes."
Rarity says: "Very nice..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Nom nom nom."
Pinkie Pie says: "whatever this is."
Pinkie Pie says: "Can we try someplace else?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Nom nom."
Pinkie Pie says: "Ugh."
Pinkie Pie says: "Maybe one more stop?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Blech!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Nope."
Pinkie Pie says: "Maybe instead of trusting somepony else's hooves, I should pick the next place?"
Rarity says: "Ugh!"
Rarity says: "Very well."
Rarity says: "The Tasty Treat."
Rarity says: "It's very..."
Rarity says: "rustic."
Rarity says: "It looks like it hasn't even been rated."
Pinkie Pie says: "Thank goodness!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hee-hee!"
Middle Eastern music plays.
Rarity says: "Are we sure they're open?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Mmmm."
Pinkie Pie says: "It smells open."
Saffron Masala says: "Oh!"
Saffron Masala says: "Are you here for lunch?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yes, indeedy!"
Saffron Masala says: "I'm Saffron Masala, the chef here at The Tasty Treat, the most exotic cuisine in Canterlot."
Saffron Masala says: "Would you like to hear about the specials?"
Rarity says: "We're actually in a bit of a hur—"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yes, please!"
Saffron Masala says: "We have a curried oat cake."
Pinkie Pie says: "We'll take one!"
Saffron Masala says: "Uh, and a grass sandwich that has been marinated overnight in a mustard Dijon dressing."
Pinkie Pie says: "How can you say no to that?"
Saffron Masala says: "A-And for you?"
Rarity says: "Oh, me?"
Rarity says: "Oh, I'm fine."
Rarity says: "Thank you."
Rarity says: "No rating."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hiya!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What's your name?"
Coriander Cumin says: "Coriander Cumin."
Pinkie Pie says: "Are you a chef here too?"
Coriander Cumin says: "My daughter cooks."
Coriander Cumin says: "I host."
Pinkie Pie says: "Then why are you stacking chairs?"
Coriander Cumin says: "Without customers, I have nopony to host for."
Coriander Cumin says: "So I stack!"
Saffron Masala says: "Father, stop it!"
Saffron Masala says: "Don't close up the restaurant around our guests."
Coriander Cumin says: "What does it matter?!"
Coriander Cumin says: "!"
Coriander Cumin says: "When they leave, nopony else will be coming in!"
Saffron Masala says: "Well, your attitude isn't going to bring anyone in!"
Saffron Masala says: "Can't you at least pretend to be positive?!"
Saffron Masala says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "So good!"
Coriander Cumin says: "You are doing enough pretending for the both of us."
Coriander Cumin says: "Nopony here wants to try anything new!"
Coriander Cumin says: "I know when to throw in the towel!"
Rarity says: "Um, Pinkie, perhaps we should excuse ourselves."
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, Rarity, try this!"
Rarity says: "Ooh!"
Saffron Masala says: "Maybe if you would listen to my ideas for once..."
Coriander Cumin says: "Oh, yes!"
Coriander Cumin says: "I did not move halfway across Equestria for my daughter that I never listen to!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Rarity, I think that friendship problem just kablammed us right between the eyes!"
Rarity says: "These two?"
Rarity says: "Oh, I don't know, darling."
Rarity says: "The food is excellent, but I'm not sure there's much you and I can do to help them."
Coriander Cumin says: "What would you have me do?"
Coriander Cumin says: "We can't even get Zesty Gourmand to come to our restaurant."
Coriander Cumin says: "She took one look at how empty it was and said it wasn't even worth rating!"
Rarity says: "That's it!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yes!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Uh, what's it?"
Rarity says: "The flow has led us here!"
Rarity says: "This is our mission!"
Rarity says: "We are going to get you a three-hoof rating and save your restaurant!"
Rarity says: "I can get Zesty Gourmand here!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And I can pack this place with ponies!"
Coriander Cumin says: "Hmph."
Coriander Cumin says: "And how do you intend to do such a thing?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Just leave it to us!"
Rarity says: "Just leave it to us!"
Saffron Masala says: "Father, will you please stop packing things?!"
Saffron Masala says: "!"
Coriander Cumin says: "When the lovely pony comes back and says she couldn't convince Zesty Gourmand to come visit us, we will need to pack all this up."
Coriander Cumin says: "I am just getting a head start."
Pinkie Pie says: "You really don't know Rarity."
Rarity says: "I've done it!"
Pinkie Pie says: "See?"
Rarity says: "It took all of my charm and cajoling, but I was able to convince Zesty Gourmand to come and try the food!"
Coriander Cumin says: "What is the catch?"
Rarity says: "Ah, yes."
Rarity says: "Well, um, there is a bit of a challenge."
Rarity says: "The only time she could make herself available is tonight."
Coriander Cumin says: "Pfft."
Coriander Cumin says: "Oh, yeah, right."
Saffron Masala says: "What is it?"
Rarity says: "Zesty rates a restaurant on cuisine, decor, and presentation, and she has very specific tastes."
Rarity says: "If she's coming tonight, there is quite a bit of work that needs to get done."
Pinkie Pie says: "Like what?"
Rarity says: "Oh, a tweak here, a tuck there, some slight modifications to the menu."
Rarity says: "We just need the place to feel more cosmopolitan."
Coriander Cumin says: "Pfft."
Saffron Masala says: "Father, after Rarity went to all of this trouble for us, can't we at least try?"
Rarity says: "Why don't I stay behind with Coriander to get the restaurant ready for Zesty's arrival?"
Rarity says: "You and Saffron can try and drum up some business."
Pinkie Pie says: "One packed restaurant, coming right up!"
Rarity says: "Coriander, I understand your trepidation."
Rarity says: "But I promise you, we will get those hooves by making this place feel just like all of the other restaurants on Restaurant Row!"
Saffron Masala says: "I hope my father doesn't drive Rarity crazy."
Pinkie Pie says: "It'll be fine."
Pinkie Pie says: "Rarity's gonna make sure that The Tasty Treat is the most unique and beautiful restaurant in Canterlot!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Not like all of those stuffy places on Restaurant Row."
Rarity.
If you want to succeed.
You must follow the trends, that's the key.
If you want to show.
That you've got what it takes.
You must be what they want you to be.
Pinkie Pie.
Your food is so good.
The flavor's so fancy and free.
You just need to show.
That unique sense of taste.
Go on, be yourself, let them see.
Pinkie Pie and Rarity.
It's gonna work.
I know it's gonna work.
It's gonna work out just fine, trust me.
It's gonna work.
I swear it's gonna work.
It's gonna work out just fine, you'll see!
Rarity.
You need to change.
If you want to compete.
But fear not, for I know what to do.
I know it feels strange.
But trust me, when we're done.
We'll make sure that you're a hit, too.
Pinkie Pie.
Don't ever change.
Being different is good.
Don't let what others do be your cue.
Never rearrange.
Just trust your heart, it will know what to do.
Pinkie Pie and Rarity.
It's gonna work.
I know it's gonna work.
It's gonna work out just fine, trust me.
It's gonna work.
I swear it's gonna work.
It's gonna work out just fine, you'll see!
Pinkie Pie.
Be unique.
Rarity.
Just be the same.
Pinkie Pie.
Trust your heart.
Rarity.
You'll make your name.
Pinkie Pie and Rarity.
We'll help you every step of the way.
Because we know what you need to do.
And you should know it too.
It's gonna work.
I know it's gonna work.
It's gonna work out just fine, trust me.
It's gonna work.
I swear it's gonna work.
It's gonna work out just fine, you'll see!
Saffron Masala says: "The day is almost over, and we haven't found any ponies!"
Saffron Masala says: "What will we do?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Try harder!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Fillies and gentlecolts!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Check out the super stupendous and amazing cuisine of The Tasty Treat!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Grand re-opening tonight!"
"Citrus Blush" says: "How many hooves does it have?"
Saffron Masala says: "No hooves yet, but hopefully soon!"
"Cayenne" says: "Well, when it gets rated, let us know."
Pinkie Pie says: "Rrrgh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Stupid hooves!"
Chargrill Breadwinner says: "Oh, look at this, hun!"
Orange Slice says: "Oh, The Tasty Treat!"
Orange Slice says: "Do you think that's a restaurant, sugar?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yes!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yes, it is!"
Chargrill Breadwinner says: "We came to Canterlot from Whinnyapolis to be adventurous."
Chargrill Breadwinner says: "But so far, the food in all these hoity-toity places tastes like somepony cooked up nothin' with a side o' nothin'."
Saffron Masala says: "Well, please, come try the Tasty Treat."
Saffron Masala says: "I think it's going to be exactly what you're looking for."
Rarity says: "This is going to be exactly what Zesty is looking for!"
Saffron Masala says: "Father, we're ba—"
Pinkie Pie says: "Rarity, what did you do?"
Coriander Cumin says: "Welcome to The Tasty Treat."
Coriander Cumin says: "You can eat here if you want."
Coriander Cumin says: "Or not."
Coriander Cumin says: "Who cares?"
Rarity says: "I know."
Rarity says: "Isn't it perfect?"
Rarity says: "Zesty is sure to love it."
Pinkie Pie says: "I thought we were trying to make this the most unique and beautiful restaurant in Canterlot!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Not make it exactly like every other restaurant!"
Rarity says: "We want to help our friends by getting them three hooves."
Rarity says: "That will only happen if this is like every other restaurant."
Saffron Masala says: "Father, what is this?!"
Saffron Masala says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Not that!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Anything but that!"
Coriander Cumin says: "This is what we must cook if we want to succeed here!"
Saffron Masala says: "This isn't what I wanted!"
Saffron Masala says: "I wanted Canterlot to like us for us!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Rarity, how could you ruin the restaurant?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Rarity says: "Oh, pff."
Rarity says: "Kch."
Rarity says: "Ts!"
Rarity says: "We helped save the restaurant."
Rarity says: "Now, where are the other guests?"
Rarity says: "How many other ponies are coming?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Two."
Saffron Masala says: "Two."
Rarity says: "Just two?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "I thought you said you could pack the place with ponies no matter what!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You said you would make the restaurant better..."
Pinkie Pie says: "..."
Pinkie Pie says: "so I guess we both didn't know what we were talking about!"
Rarity says: "Zesty Gourmand!"
Rarity says: "Everypony, places!"
Coriander Cumin says: "Welcome to The Tasty Treat."
Coriander Cumin says: "What can I get you this evening?"
Zesty Gourmand says: "I hardly think it matters, but by all means, try your best to impress."
Orange Slice says: "Well, we'll both try the special this evening."
Orange Slice says: "Maybe with a little kick to it, eh?"
Orange Slice says: "Yeah, we've been craving some food with actual taste."
Coriander Cumin says: "Saffron Masala, what are you doing?!"
Coriander Cumin says: "!"
Saffron Masala says: "I'm trying to save our reputations!"
Saffron Masala says: "I've given it at least a little bit of flavor."
Rarity says: "No-no-n-n-no, but that's not what Zesty wants!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What kind of food expert doesn't want flavor?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That's insane!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm taking this out there!"
Rarity says: "No!"
Rarity says: "Zesty will hate it!"
Rarity says: "You are going to ruin this for them!"
Pinkie Pie says: "No, I'm trying to fix it after you ruined it!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Noooooo!"
Rarity says: "Noooooo!"
Zesty Gourmand says: "I think we are done here."
Rarity says: "Zesty!"
Rarity says: "Please wait!"
Rarity says: "Allow me to explain!"
Zesty Gourmand says: "Rarity, when it comes to fashion, you are adequate."
Zesty Gourmand says: "But take some advice from a friend – keep your opinions out of restaurants."
Zesty Gourmand says: "Substandard food, laughable service, and I would think even you could recognize that the decor here is trying desperately while desperately failing."
Zesty Gourmand says: "Recommending a disreputable place such as this could do serious damage to your social standing."
Pinkie Pie says: "Disreputable?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You mean a place with food that actually tastes good?"
Zesty Gourmand says: "Anypony can throw ingredients together and create an obvious taste that uncultured ponies like those two can register."
Chargrill Breadwinner says: "Hey!"
Zesty Gourmand says: "But it takes a true culinary artist to create a subtle taste, the barest hint of a sensation."
Zesty Gourmand says: "That's what I bring to Canterlot."
Zesty Gourmand says: "That's art."
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm so embarrassed."
Rarity says: "I don't know that there are words to adequately express how truly sorry we are."
Coriander Cumin says: "The worst has happened."
Coriander Cumin says: "No use crying over spilt food now."
Saffron Masala says: "Here."
Saffron Masala says: "This always cheered me up when I was younger."
Coriander Cumin says: "My spicy flat-noodle soup!"
Rarity says: "Oh, my!"
Rarity says: "This is truly delightful!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Mmm, this is the best thing you've made so far!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And I thought the food before was the best!"
Saffron Masala says: "That's all I've ever wanted to do, father!"
Saffron Masala says: "Make food for the ponies of Canterlot like the food we made together when I was younger!"
Coriander Cumin says: "It has been so long since we cooked together."
Coriander Cumin says: "Heh."
Coriander Cumin says: "Remember how you used to hide the ingredients you did not like?"
Rarity says: "You know what?"
Rarity says: "Who cares what some stuffy unicorn thinks of the food here?"
Rarity says: "It's exquisite."
Pinkie Pie says: "That's true."
Rarity says: "And you don't need three silly hooves in your window to prove it."
Pinkie Pie says: "That's double true!"
Rarity says: "You just need ponies in here to give it a chance!"
Rarity says: "Ponies that will tell everypony else in Canterlot that The Tasty Treat has the best food in the city!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That's true times three!"
Saffron Masala says: "But without Zesty's approval, nopony will even try our food!"
Rarity says: "Ohhhh, yes, they will."
Rarity says: "Pinkie, we are the perfect team for this!"
Rarity says: "We were just doing the wrong jobs!"
Rarity says: "I will go out and bring the crowd!"
Rarity says: "You stay here and make sure this place is every bit as unique and rustic as it was the moment we walked in!"
Coriander Cumin says: "And?"
Coriander Cumin says: "What about us?"
Rarity says: "You two?"
Rarity says: "You are going to cook!"
Rarity says: "Make whatever you want, and make a lot of it!"
Rarity says: "I intend to bring a crowd!"
Rarity says: "Would the owner of one of the premier boutiques in Canterlot put a stamp of approval on something that wasn't fabulous?"
Rarity says: "It's almost time!"
Rarity says: "Is everypony ready for the grand re-re-opening?"
Saffron Masala says: "Before we open, my father and I just wanted to say..."
Saffron Masala says: "Thank you for all of your help."
Saffron Masala says: "We've both been so stressed about the restaurant succeeding that we forgot what it was we loved about it in the first place."
Coriander Cumin says: "Cooking is something we used to love to do together."
Coriander Cumin says: "No matter what happens next, thank you for reminding us of that."
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, you guys!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Group hug!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Now come on!"
Pinkie Pie says: "We've got a party to throw!"
Coriander Cumin says: "Welcome to The Tasty Treat!"
Coriander Cumin says: "Make yourselves comfortable!"
Saffron Masala says: "Please, feel free to sample the food!"
Zesty Gourmand says: "What's this?!"
Zesty Gourmand says: "!"
Zesty Gourmand says: "What is everypony doing here?!"
Zesty Gourmand says: "!"
Zesty Gourmand says: "This place has no hooves!"
Zesty Gourmand says: "It is not in keeping with the level of cuisine that I have set for Canterlot!"
Zesty Gourmand says: "Nopony told you this place was acceptable!"
"Sweet Biscuit" says: "Uh, Rarity and her friend said it was good?"
"Sweet Biscuit" says: "They told us!"
Zesty Gourmand says: "They told you?"
Zesty Gourmand says: "And who are they to tell you anything?"
Zesty Gourmand says: "Rarity can tell you what hats to wear with which skirts."
Zesty Gourmand says: "Her friend can tell you how to maintain a tragic look for a frizzy mane."
Zesty Gourmand says: "They can't tell you what food you can eat!"
Rarity says: "No, we can't, and neither can you!"
Rarity says: "Nopony has the right to tell these ponies what to think!"
Rarity says: "Zesty, you have very..."
Rarity says: "specific..."
Pinkie Pie says: "And very strange!"
Rarity says: "Yes, and very strange opinions about food, and that's your right."
Rarity says: "But just because you like your food a certain way, there is no reason to tell these ponies that they need to do the same!"
Burly Unicorn says: "Rarity is right!"
Burly Unicorn says: "I for one think the food here is delicious!"
Burly Unicorn says: "I own The Smoked Oat on Restaurant Row; I hate the food we make!"
Burly Unicorn says: "From now on, it's all smoked, basted, and grilled!"
Matronly Pony says: "This food is an inspiration!"
Matronly Pony says: "I own The Bake Stop."
Matronly Pony says: "I'm going to bake my mother's bundt cake the way she made it – full of flavor!"
Rarity says: "Zesty, are you sure you wouldn't like to try the food?"
Rarity says: "Ignoring a unique and fresh establishment such as this could do serious damage to your social standing."
Zesty Gourmand says: "Hmph!"
Saffron Masala says: "Thank you so much!"
Coriander Cumin says: "You are both truly amazing."
Pinkie Pie says: "Nothing can stop the dynamic duo of Pinkie and Rarity!"