Twilight Sparkle says: "Sorry, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's just Pinkie Pie, Rarity, and Applejack are getting back from their Seaward Shoals boat trip, and I can't wait to hear all about it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's such a shame Rainbow Dash and Fluttershy had to miss it for their Cloudsdale flight school reunion."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe the rest of us not going was for the best anyway."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know the three of them were really looking forward to getting out of their element."
Spike says: "Getting out of their element?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think they all just wanted to try something new."
Spike says: "Huh."
Spike says: "I guess a boat trip qualifies as that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "My only worry is that they'll be so excited, they'll talk over each other, and I'll miss some of the details!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just to be safe, I may need you to take notes."
Spike says: "Uh..."
Spike says: "right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So how was the trip?"
Spike says: "Well, at least you don't have to worry about them talking over each other."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know what happened on that boat trip."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But once Rarity, Applejack, and Pinkie Pie have some tea and talk it out, I'm sure everypony will feel better."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come on in, everypony!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Gummy, Opalescence, and Winona?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is a surprise!"
Spike says: "Aren't Pinkie Pie, Rarity, and Applejack with you?"
Twilight Sparkle says: ""Sorry, darling, but I must decline the invitation to your soiree."
Twilight Sparkle says: "While I'm sure it will be positively resplendent, there are certain ponies I'd rather not associate with at the moment."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity."
Spike says: "Rarity's not coming?"
Spike says: "Awww."
Spike says: "So I polished my scales for nothing."
Twilight Sparkle says: ""Sorry I can't make it, but I'm still a mite upset about everything that happened on the boat."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Applejack."
Twilight Sparkle says: "" "Sorry I can't make the tea party today, but there's a small problem with the guest list."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Plus, I'm right in the middle of a very important cupcake."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie."
Twilight Sparkle says: "" Come on, Spike!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Since our friends won't come here and tell us what happened, we'll just have to go to them!"
Spike says: "Right behind you!"
Rarity says: "I'm sorry, but my mane wasn't made to support marine life!"
Rarity says: "Ruined, completely ruined."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know, Rarity."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe you could—"
Rarity says: "Throw it away?"
Rarity says: "Yes, I agree."
Rarity says: "Just another innocent casualty of that disastrous boat trip."
Twilight Sparkle says: "About that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike and I were wondering what happened out there."
Rarity says: "Please, darling."
Rarity says: "I don't know if I'll ever be able to discuss it."
Rarity says: "It's far too painful!"
Spike says: "If it's too difficult to talk about, we completely understand."
Rarity says: "Well, since you dragged it out of me..."
Rarity says: "It all started at the docks."
Rarity says: "I knew Applejack and Pinkie Pie wanted to get out of their element, so I thought I would surprise them with an elegant cruise."
Rarity says: "All right, ponies!"
Rarity says: "Prepare yourselves for luxury on the high seas!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That sounds..."
Pinkie Pie says: "fun?"
Applejack says: "The sea air carries a portent for trouble this day."
Applejack says: "'Tis a treacherous and perilous journey that lies ahead of us!"
Applejack says: "We sail to adventure..."
Applejack says: "or our very doom."
Rarity says: "I..."
Rarity says: "have no idea what you just said, but your wardrobe is delightfully seaworthy."
Rarity says: "Despite Applejack's colorful seafarer attitude, I was still determined to get my friends out of their element by providing them with all the refinements of a luxury cruise."
Rarity says: "I made sure to bring the most delectable nibbles for them to enjoy."
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh, I brought food too!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Let's see, I've got cotton candy, taffy, circus peanuts, and lots of other super-yummy stuff!"
Rarity says: "Oh, Pinkie Pie, that all looks positively delectable."
Rarity says: "But you simply must try one of these cucumber sandwiches."
Rarity says: "Dig in!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hmmm."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hmmm."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hmm."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hmm."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hmm."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hmm."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hmm."
Applejack says: "Arrr!"
Applejack says: "Get those off me ship!"
Rarity says: "Oh!"
Rarity says: "I'm so sorry!"
Rarity says: "I had no idea you had such distaste for cucumbers!"
Applejack says: "Yar-har-har-har, hardy-har-har-har!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hmm..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That doesn't sound like Applejack."
Spike says: "Huh."
Rarity says: "Well, hold on, because it gets even worse."
Rarity says: "Pinkie tried to lighten the mood with some fun maritime games."
Pinkie Pie says: "It's piñata o'clock!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Wanna give it a whack, Rarity?"
Rarity says: "Oh, darling, of course!"
Applejack says: "I'll be chartin' a course to the very heart of that maelstrom!"
Rarity says: "Ahem."
Rarity says: "Er, Applejack?"
Rarity says: "Just a thought, but maybe we should steer the ship toward calmer waters."
Applejack says: "This be the only way to Plunder Cove!"
Rarity says: "Perhaps if I took a quick look-see at that map of yours, I could find us a more cruise-friendly path—"
Applejack says: "Yah!"
Applejack says: "There'll be no mutiny aboard me ship!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Look at me!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm the captain too!"
Rarity says: "Clearly, Pinkie Pie had caught Applejack's sea madness."
Spike says: "Then what happened?!"
Spike says: "!"
Rarity says: "Oh, the boat sank."
Rarity says: "Obviously."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So Applejack got some sort of sea madness and caused the boat to capsize?"
Rarity says: "After all the effort I put in to provide her and Pinkie with the exact luxury cruise they needed to get out of their elements, that is how Applejack thanked me!"
Spike says: "So you were stuck out in the middle of the ocean?"
Spike says: "How in Equestria did you get back?"
Rarity says: "Spike, darling, you'll have to forgive me."
Rarity says: "I am far too emotionally drained to discuss the matter any further!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity, I don't suppose there's any chance you might be..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "uh, exaggerating things?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just a little?"
Rarity says: "Well!"
Rarity says: "I can assure you that that is exactly what happened!"
Rarity says: "But if you don't believe me, you can ask Pinkie Pie."
Rarity says: "I'm quite certain her story will be the same."
Pinkie Pie says: "So that's what Rarity said happened on the boat, huh?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We thought there was a chance she might have..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "embellished the story just a tad."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So we wanted to hear about what happened from you!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Did Applejack really capsize the boat?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Of course not!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Pfft, that's just silly!"
Pinkie Pie says: "There's no way Applejack could've sank the boat!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I knew it!"
Spike says: "That's a relief."
Pinkie Pie says: "Because Rarity did!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What?!"
Spike says: "What?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Spike says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It all started on the docks."
Pinkie Pie says: "I knew Rarity and Applejack wanted to get out of their element, so I figured I'd throw them the funnest, silliest boat party ever!"
Pinkie Pie says: "But I guess Rarity had other ideas."
Pinkie Pie says: "I thought I overpacked until I saw Rarity and her team of porter-ponies!"
Rarity says: "Prepare yourselves for a luxury cruise!"
Rarity says: "A day of opulence, decadence, and extravagance!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That sounds fun."
Applejack says: "Ahoy, mateys!"
Applejack says: "Batten down the hatches, y'all, 'cause this here's gonna be a boat ride of adventure!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Eh, I can live with that."
Pinkie Pie says: "Huh."
Pinkie Pie says: "They just keep coming."
Pinkie Pie says: "Rarity, would you care for some cotton candy?"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's freshly spun!"
Rarity says: "Oh, Pinkie Pie, those all look simply..."
Rarity says: "well, simple."
Rarity says: "But they're obviously unfit for a luxury cruise."
Rarity says: "Now, my cucumber sandwiches, on the other hoof..."
Rarity says: "Try one, then you'll understand."
Applejack says: "Ooh, are those chocolate chip?"
Rarity says: "Sorry!"
Rarity says: "Cucumber sandwiches are so ten seconds ago."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wait, wait, wait."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That doesn't sound like Rarity."
Pinkie Pie says: "Just wait until you hear how much more unlike her she sounds!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I thought I'd lighten the mood with some super-fun party boat games."
Pinkie Pie says: "But Rarity was a real wet blanket."
Pinkie Pie says: "It's piñata time!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Wanna give it a whack, Rarity?"
Rarity says: "..."
Rarity says: "Oh."
Rarity says: "You were serious."
Rarity says: "Well, that's adorable."
Applejack says: "I'll give it a go!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That's the spirit!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Let's get this boat party started!"
Applejack says: "Whoooooa!"
Applejack says: "Heh-heh!"
Applejack says: "Whoa, doggie!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Tug of war?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Now we're talking!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whoever wins gets to be captain!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Or..."
Pinkie Pie says: "one of us should just be captain now?"
Rarity says: "Oh, don't worry, dear."
Rarity says: "Luxury cruises never sink."
Pinkie Pie says: "What?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And that's why the boat sinking was all Rarity's fault."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That seems..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "odd."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I mean, we trust you, of course."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But it's all so..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "extraordinary?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, it's "extraordinary", all right."
Pinkie Pie says: "But that's exactly what happened!"
Pinkie Pie says: "In fact, the only thing I might've gotten wrong was that there were even more porter ponies!"
Pinkie Pie says: "But just to be safe, you should talk to Applejack."
Pinkie Pie says: "She'll know exactly how many porter ponies there were!"
Spike says: "Okay, but if the boat sank, how did you all get rescued?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, that's easy."
Pinkie Pie says: "We just—"
Pinkie Pie says: "My muffins!"
Spike says: "That's it."
Spike says: "We've gotta go talk to Applejack."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Good idea."
Twilight Sparkle says: "She'll straighten this out."
Spike says: "I just really, really wanna know how they made it back!"
Spike says: "But yeah, that'd be great too."
Applejack says: "Hold on a tick."
Applejack says: "Pinkie Pie says it's Rarity's fault, and Rarity says I sank the boat?"
Applejack says: "Well, that's plumb crazy!"
Applejack says: "If you two really wanna know what happened, I'll tell you."
Applejack says: "Y'all know how Pinkie Pie and Rarity wanted to get out of their "element"?"
Applejack says: "Well, I bought a treasure map to give 'em a rip-roarin' seafarin' adventure!"
Applejack says: "But they had other ideas."
Rarity says: "La-la-la!"
Rarity says: "Prepare yourselves for the most luxurious boat outing that ever outed a boat!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And more fun than you can shake a stick at!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Because I brought a stick!"
Applejack says: "Alright, mateys, but just y'all wait 'til you see the high seas adventure I've got planned!"
Applejack says: "Unfortunately, they seemed less interested in a treasure huntin' adventure and more interested in snacks."
Rarity says: "Oh, darling, that food isn't fit for a pony of proper breeding, darling, and refinement, darling!"
Rarity says: "Now my cucumber sandwiches, on the other hoof..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Bet you I can fit them all in my mouth!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ahh..."
Rarity says: "Pinkie, darling, please!"
Applejack says: "U-uh, Rarity, I—"
Rarity says: "Well, I never!"
Rarity says: "Hum-ph!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Me neither!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hum-ph!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Do you want to say it, or should I?"
Spike says: "I'll go."
Spike says: "That sure doesn't sound like Rarity or Pinkie Pie!"
Applejack says: "Oh, it gets a sight worse than that!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's P."
Pinkie Pie says: "W."
Pinkie Pie says: "T."
Pinkie Pie says: "– Piñata Whacking Time!"
Rarity says: "Oh, darling, whacking is a base pastime for common ponies."
Rarity says: "Doesn't interest me in the least."
Pinkie Pie says: "Meh."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hee-hee!"
Applejack says: "Huh?"
Applejack says: "Whoooooa!"
Applejack says: "Looks like we need to change course!"
Rarity says: "Ooh!"
Rarity says: "Why, this will make a perfect tablecloth for my cheeseboard!"
Applejack says: "Maybe so, but it's also the only way to find Plunder Cove!"
Applejack says: "And Pinkie Pie was just about as helpful as a weasel in a hen house."
Pinkie Pie says: "Captain Pinkie Pie reporting for map duty!"
Applejack says: "Hold on, everypony!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wait, so it was Rarity and Pinkie's fault?"
Applejack says: "Yup!"
Applejack says: "And maybe if they ever apologized, I'll consider talkin' to them again."
Spike says: "If they all blame each other, I don't know how we're gonna get them to talk again."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Neither do I, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Neither do I."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There's gotta be some way to fix this."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If Applejack, Pinkie Pie, and Rarity keep not talking to each other, they could forget what good friends they really are!"
Spike says: "I just don't get it!"
Spike says: "All of their stories are so different!"
Spike says: "We're never gonna figure out what really happened."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Their stories were different, but they also had a lot in common."
Spike says: "I guess..."
Spike says: "They were all on a ship that sank, and..."
Spike says: "that's about it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Not quite."
Twilight Sparkle says: "A-ha!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Not only do I think I know how the boat sank, I have a pretty good idea how to get Rarity, Applejack and Pinkie Pie back together!"
Spike says: "I hope this plan of yours works."
Applejack says: "Winona brought me your note about a friendship emergency!"
Applejack says: "H-How can I help?"
Rarity says: "Opalescence delivered your message, Twilight!"
Rarity says: "What's the emergency?"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's a good thing it was time for Gummy's bath, or I might not have seen your note about the emergency, Twilight!"
Applejack says: "What's she doing here?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What's she doing here?!"
Rarity says: "What's she doing here?!"
Applejack says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Rarity says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sorry, but I just didn't know how else to get the three of you here together, and there really is a friendship emergency!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yours!"
Applejack says: "Oh, there's no emergency!"
Applejack says: "I'm just waitin' for an apology."
Rarity says: "An apology?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Why would you want me to apologize when it was Rarity's fault?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Rarity says: "What are you talking about?"
Rarity says: "Applejack clearly caused the boat to sink!"
Rarity says: "She stranded us in the middle of the ocean!"
Spike says: "Will somepony please tell me how you made it back?!"
Spike says: "!"
Rarity says: "Well..."
Rarity says: "Maybe it wasn't the middle of the ocean..."
Spike says: "Ugh."
Applejack says: "Even so, I don't appreciate bein' hornswoggled into comin' back here."
Rarity says: "On that, at least, we agree."
Pinkie Pie says: "Yeah!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know you each have a different perspective on how the boat capsized and blame each other, but if you come on the boat with me I'll show you what really happened."
Rarity says: "Well, not that I have any doubts, but it will feel good for everypony to see exactly whose fault it was."
Applejack says: "I think we all know which pony's about to be proven right."
Pinkie Pie says: "We sure do."
Spike says: "Like I said, I sure hope this works."
Spike says: "Whatever you're looking for, I hope you find it soon!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Don't worry, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've got it all under control."
Twilight Sparkle says: "While all of your stories seem very different, they all had something in common – cucumber sandwiches."
Applejack says: "What in the hay does that have to do with anythin'?"
Rarity says: "And why would you waste a perfectly good hors d'oeuvre?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You also mentioned the bubbling water."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And the swell."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Cucumber just happens to be the favorite food of the tri-horned bunyip, and bubbles followed by a swell is what happens when they swim up to the shallows from deep water."
Applejack says: "So..."
Applejack says: "we attracted a tri-horned whatchamacallit?"
Rarity says: "With cucumber sandwiches?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Sounds like a stretch."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hello, bunyip, sir!"
Rarity says: "So that's a..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "A tri-horned bunyip!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Who's very sorry he accidentally knocked over your boat."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Right?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Wait, the storm had nothing to do with the capsizing?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nope!"
Rarity says: "All right."
Rarity says: "Even if our friend the bunyip is responsible for sinking the boat, it still doesn't excuse a certain pony's behavior!"
Applejack says: "Me?!"
Applejack says: "!"
Applejack says: "How about you and Pinkie Pie?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Pfft– What?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Who?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Me?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think I can explain that too."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Each of you spent so much time trying to come up with the perfect way to get the others out of their element, that you didn't notice your friends were doing the same thing!"
Applejack says: "Wait a minute."
Applejack says: "You brought all those games and things for us?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Of course!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I figured the boat trip was the perfect time to do things that were silly and fun!"
Rarity says: "And I was just trying to give the two of you the elegant cruise I thought you deserved."
Applejack says: "And I just wanted to give you two a high seas adventure, since that'd be somethin' new and different for y'all."
Applejack says: "Ohhhh."
Pinkie Pie says: "Ohhhh."
Rarity says: "Ohhhh."
Rarity says: "That is so sweet."
Rarity says: "You must have gone through so much trouble."
Applejack says: "Well, not half as much trouble as you did makin' all that fancy food, and bringin' all those games!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I guess this just teaches us that even long time friends need to work at communication."
Pinkie Pie says: "Well, there's something I'd like to communicate to you all right now!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You girls are the best friends a pony could ever have!"
Rarity says: "Oh, let's never fight again!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You got it!"
Applejack says: "Agreed!"
Applejack says: "All right, you big softie!"
Applejack says: "Bring it in!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Come on, bunyip, sir!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You got it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "One thing's for sure, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There's nothing like a luxurious adventure boat party to get you out of your element."
Spike says: "You said it!"