Applejack says: "Hey, kid, get over here!"
Applejack says: "Tents are lookin' good."
Applejack says: "And we made good time today."
Applejack says: "At this rate, we'll be at Winsome Falls by tomorrow!"
Apple Bloom says: "We should do the annual Big-Sister-Little-Sister camping trip every weekend!"
Applejack says: "Then it wouldn't be annual."
Applejack says: "And if we did it every weekend, it probably wouldn't be as special."
Apple Bloom says: "But the more we do it, the better we get at camping."
Apple Bloom says: "Remember the first time we came here and Rarity had that ginormous tent?"
Rarity says: "I heard that!"
Rarity says: "I've gotten much better at "roughing it", haven't I?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Yup."
Sweetie Belle says: "This time, you only packed three suitcases."
Rarity says: "I know what you're thinking."
Rarity says: "But I promise, I only brought the essentials."
Applejack says: "Like those light thingies?"
Rarity says: "Of course."
Rarity says: "What is life if you can't make it beautiful?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Mmmm!"
Rainbow Dash says: "These berries look good enough to eat!"
Scootaloo says: "Don't!"
Scootaloo says: "According to my book, they're extremely poisonous!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What?"
Scootaloo says: "I heard something, I stepped on something, and I saw that creepy cave..."
Scootaloo says: "I guess I still get a little bit scared out here, even after the last camping trip."
Rainbow Dash says: "Don't worry, kid."
Rainbow Dash says: "You've got a big sister this time."
Apple Bloom says: "This looks amazing!"
Scootaloo says: "This is gonna be the best Big-Sister-Slash-Little-Sister camping trip ever!"
Fly-der buzzing.
Fly-der swarm buzzing.
Fly-ders buzzing.
Scootaloo says: "Ow!"
Scootaloo says: "What are these things?!"
Scootaloo says: "!"
Scootaloo says: "Aaagh!"
Applejack says: "Fly-ders!"
Applejack says: "Everypony, run for cover!"
Applejack says: "Don't get stuck in their—"
Applejack says: "..."
Applejack says: "web."
Sweetie Belle says: "Now what?!"
Sweetie Belle says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Follow me, everypony!"
Scootaloo says: "Aaah!"
Scootaloo says: "Not the scary cave!"
Fly-der swarm buzzing.
Scootaloo says: "Where did those terrible bugs come from?"
Scootaloo says: "And why did they destroy our camp?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh."
Applejack says: "Flyders are from the Luna Bay area."
Applejack says: "Never seen 'em this far east, though."
Applejack says: "Probably attracted to the food."
Applejack says: "Best wait here until they're gone."
Apple Bloom says: "Oh, apple rot!"
Apple Bloom says: "What are we supposed to do now?!"
Apple Bloom says: "!"
Apple Bloom says: "We had games to play and marshmallows to roast at camp!"
Apple Bloom says: "In here, we got nothin'!"
Rarity says: "Mm, that's not entirely true."
Rarity says: "We have each other."
Applejack says: "That's right!"
Applejack says: "And if you girls want to, maybe we could tell some stories to pass the time."
Rainbow Dash says: "You want stories?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I've got a ton of stories!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Spoiler alert – they're all about me and how awesome I am!"
Applejack says: "I was thinkin' more like campfire stories?"
Apple Bloom says: "But we don't even have a campfire."
Rainbow Dash says: "I got this!"
Fly-ders buzzing.
Applejack says: "Wow."
Applejack says: "That was brave."
Scootaloo says: "We aren't gonna tell scary stories like our last camping trip, are we?"
Scootaloo says: "It's bad enough just being in here!"
Applejack says: "Don't worry, Scootaloo."
Applejack says: "I was gonna tell you mine and Apple Bloom's favorite legend."
Apple Bloom says: "Ooh!"
Apple Bloom says: "You mean Rockhoof?"
Apple Bloom says: "I love that one!"
Apple Bloom says: "He was so strong, and when he—"
Sweetie Belle says: "Apple Bloom, shhh!"
Sweetie Belle says: "We haven't heard it yet!"
Apple Bloom says: "Oh, okay."
Apple Bloom says: "But it's so good!"
Apple Bloom says: "Heh."
Applejack says: "Well, it's true."
Applejack says: "Rockhoof was known far and wide for his incredible strength."
Applejack says: "But he didn't start out that way."
Applejack says: "You see, Rockhoof was a tiny little fella, the son of a farmer."
Apple Bloom says: "Just like us!"
Applejack says: "They lived in a village that sat at the foot of a gigantic volcano."
Applejack says: "And the village was protected by an elite group of guard ponies called the Mighty Helm."
Applejack says: "Young Rockhoof wanted nothing more than to be part of the Mighty Helm."
Applejack says: "But he was told that he was too scrawny and weak to protect the village."
Applejack says: "But Rockhoof wouldn't take no for an answer."
Applejack says: "Then, one fateful day..."
Applejack says: "..."
Applejack says: "the volcano erupted!"
Rockhoof says: "Eeeeeeeeeeee—"
Apple Bloom says: "—"
Apple Bloom says: "eeeeeeeeee!"
Apple Bloom says: "This is my favorite part!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What happened next?!"
Scootaloo says: "What happened next?!"
Sweetie Belle says: "What happened next?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Scootaloo says: "!"
Sweetie Belle says: "!"
Applejack says: "The molten lava poured down the side of the volcano..."
Applejack says: "..."
Applejack says: "and try as they might, the Mighty Helm couldn't figure out a way to save the village!"
Applejack says: "They had to evacuate."
Applejack says: "But the village ponies didn't wanna leave their homes."
Applejack says: "They spent their entire lives there."
Applejack says: "They had nowhere else to go!"
Applejack says: "So Rockhoof decided to do something crazy."
Applejack says: "He thought if he could divert the flow of the lava, he might be able to save his village."
Applejack says: "He started diggin' a trench!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Wait a minute."
Sweetie Belle says: "All by himself?"
Rainbow Dash says: "It'd be impossible for one pony to dig a trench fast enough to stop the lava."
Rainbow Dash says: "I mean, even I couldn't do that."
Applejack says: "Good thing Rockhoof didn't believe in the word "impossible"."
Applejack says: "He continued to work, knowin' the odds were against him, but determined to push through it."
Applejack says: "Then, somethin' magical happened."
Applejack says: "Rockhoof got visibly stronger!"
Applejack says: "But the lava was getting' closer."
Applejack says: "Through his extraordinary determination and sheer force o' will, Rockhoof more than earned his place in the Mighty Helm."
Rainbow Dash says: "Good story, Applejack!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Even if it wasn't about me."
Apple Bloom says: "I love that story, no matter how many times I hear it."
Rarity says: "Why don't we see if it's safe to head back to camp?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Uh, girls?"
Sweetie Belle says: "There is no camp to go back to."
Fly-der swarm buzzing.
Fly-der swarm buzzing.
Sweetie Belle says: "All our hard work is ruined!"
Rarity says: "There, there, Sweetie Belle."
Rarity says: "Not to worry."
Sweetie Belle says: "How?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Our camp was so pretty, and this cave is so..."
Sweetie Belle says: "not."
Rarity says: "Oh, no-no-no-no, no, not true."
Rarity says: "There's beauty in everything."
Rarity says: "Even these blah rocks aren't really blah."
Rarity says: "If you look closely, you can see flecks of gold in them."
Rarity says: "And the way the firelight dances on the cave wall, shadow and light?"
Rarity says: "Ooh, it's so gorgeous!"
Rarity says: "Sweetie Belle, have I ever told you about my favorite legend?"
Sweetie Belle says: "No."
Sweetie Belle says: "I didn't know you had one."
Rarity says: "Her name..."
Rarity says: "was Mistmane."
Rainbow Dash says: "Mistmane?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Isn't she the old wrinkly sorceress with the flower?"
Rarity says: "Yeeees, but did you know she used to be the most beautiful unicorn in all the land?"
Rainbow Dash says: "No."
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "So what happened to her?!"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "!"
Rarity says: "Well, Mistmane was a very promising young sorceress."
Asian-style music.
Rarity says: "She was as talented as she was beautiful and kind."
Rarity says: "Everypony loved her and missed her when she was sent to the finest magic school."
Rarity says: "While she was gone, she was delighted to find out that her best friend, Sable Spirit, was crowned empress."
Rarity says: "She couldn't wait to return home once she finished her studies."
Rarity says: "But once she arrived, she was devastated by what she saw."
Mistmane says: "What happened here?"
Villager says: "The Empress happened."
Villager says: "She makes everypony work day and night on her palace."
Villager says: "We don't have time to take care of anything else."
Mistmane says: "But that can't be."
Mistmane says: "I know her!"
Mistmane says: "She would never do this."
Rarity says: "But there was no denying what was in front of her."
Rarity says: "Sable Spirit took everything that was beautiful away from anypony else!"
Rarity says: "And Mistmane was sure there had to be some explanation."
Sweetie Belle says: "I'd assume there was, too."
Sweetie Belle says: "If somepony told me either one of you two'd gone evil..."
Scootaloo says: "Yeah, I'd never believe it."
Apple Bloom says: "I dunno."
Apple Bloom says: "I've seen the way you two get when you miss breakfast."
Apple Bloom says: "Just kiddin'."
Apple Bloom says: "But I'd want answers too."
Rarity says: "So did Mistmane."
Rarity says: "She went to confront her friend."
Mistmane says: "Sable, is that you?"
Sable Spirit says: "Don't tell me you don't recognize your old friend."
Mistmane says: "I don't."
Mistmane says: "My friend would never work our families and friends to the bone for something as silly as a palace."
Sable Spirit says: "Silly?"
Sable Spirit says: "My palace is a beacon of beauty!"
Sable Spirit says: "Anypony who passes will be in awe of its majesty!"
Mistmane says: "What good is a pretty palace if it just hides the misery of its ponies?"
Sable Spirit says: "Beauty is everything."
Sable Spirit says: "You taught me that."
Mistmane says: "What?!"
Mistmane says: "!"
Sable Spirit says: "You were always the pretty one."
Sable Spirit says: "You got to go to the best magic school."
Sable Spirit says: "Everypony missed you."
Sable Spirit says: "Everypony loved you!"
Sable Spirit says: "I admit I was jealous, so I tried to perform a spell that would make me beautiful."
Sable Spirit says: "You can see how that went!"
Sable Spirit says: "I found if I couldn't have beauty, I would take it."
Sable Spirit says: "I wasn't chosen to be empress, you know."
Sable Spirit says: "I took it!"
Sable Spirit says: "Just like I'm going to take everything else."
Mistmane says: "I can't let you do that."
Sable Spirit says: "Let me?"
Rarity says: "Everypony thought Sable Spirit was defeated, and that was that."
Rarity says: "But Mistmane knew there was more she could do to help."
Rarity says: "Beauty isn't everything."
Rarity says: "But Mistmane knew that it does have the power to make ponies smile."
Rarity says: "She made a huge sacrifice to bring that smile back to her friends' and family's faces..."
Rarity says: "including Sable Spirit's."
Sable Spirit says: "You did this for me?"
Sable Spirit says: "Even after I was so cruel?"
Rarity says: "Sable Spirit was so touched that she vowed to be more like her friend in the ways that mattered."
Rarity says: "From then on, she ruled with kindness and compassion."
Rarity says: "Even though she gave away her physical beauty, she dedicated her life to spreading beauty all over Equestria."
Rarity says: "Any time you go out of your way to brighten somepony's day by doing something like giving them flowers, you're following in the hoofsteps of Mistmane."
Sweetie Belle says: "I think she's my favorite legend too."
Fly-ders buzzing.
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "These Fly-ders won't quit!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What do they want from us now?"
Applejack says: "Well, like it or not, we're food, too."
Sweetie Belle says: "And I've got the bites to prove it."
Scootaloo says: "What are we gonna do?!"
Scootaloo says: "!"
Scootaloo says: "They're almost here!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Now those bugs can't get in!"
Scootaloo says: "And we can't get out!"
Applejack says: "Let's all just stay calm."
Applejack says: "Let me re-light this fire..."
Rarity says: "We just have to wait until the swarm moves on."
Rarity says: "Then we'll think of a way out."
Scootaloo says: "How long will that be?!"
Scootaloo says: "!"
Scootaloo says: "Don't bears live in caves?!"
Scootaloo says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa-whoa-whoa, Scootaloo."
Rainbow Dash says: "You're focusing on the wrong things."
Scootaloo says: "You have a plan?!"
Scootaloo says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Close."
Rainbow Dash says: "I have a story."
Applejack says: "Lemme guess – it's about you?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Practically."
Rainbow Dash says: "It's about my favorite legend, Flash Magnus!"
Apple Bloom says: "Wasn't he the pony who took on the dragons?"
Scootaloo says: "Dragons?!"
Scootaloo says: "!"
Scootaloo says: "Big, scary, mean ones or like Spike?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, these were definitely the big, scary, mean kind!"
Rainbow Dash says: "But not too scary."
Rainbow Dash says: "You can sit closer to me if you want."
Rainbow Dash says: "A long time ago, before the Wonderbolts were even founded..."
Rainbow Dash says: "..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Flash Magnus was a lowly cadet in the Royal Legion."
Rainbow Dash says: "And the Legion needed to fly over the Dragon Lands to get to their comrades on the other side."
Rainbow Dash says: "But as they got closer to the dragons..."
Rainbow Dash says: "..."
Rainbow Dash says: "the dragons attacked!"
Scootaloo says: "You said this wasn't too scary!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Scootaloo, if you just hang in there—"
Scootaloo says: "What?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I said if you just hang in there, I promise you'll like the ending."
Rainbow Dash says: "So, like I was saying, Flash Magnus and the Royal Legion tried to get past the dragons..."
Rainbow Dash says: "..."
Rainbow Dash says: "but the dragons wouldn't let them!"
Commander Ironhead says: "Everypony, retreat!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Flash Magnus and a few other cadets were separated from the battalion."
Rainbow Dash says: "He managed to get away, but the dragons captured his friends and took them back to their lair!"
Legion cadets screaming.
Flash Magnus says: "Commander!"
Flash Magnus says: "We need to save our captured comrades!"
Commander Ironhead says: "I appreciate your loyalty, Flash Magnus, but getting past those dragons is going to be impossible."
Commander Ironhead says: "Nothing will work."
Apple Bloom says: "The commander was right."
Apple Bloom says: "You can't outfight dragons."
Rainbow Dash says: "But you can out-think them."
Flash Magnus says: "Commander Ironhead, I'm pretty sure I can outfly the dragons."
Flash Magnus says: "If I can lure them into chasing me, you can all sneak into the lair and retrieve our friends before they get back."
Commander Ironhead says: "Are you really willing to take that chance, soldier?"
Flash Magnus says: "I am, sir."
Commander Ironhead says: "It's a very brave thing you're doing."
Commander Ironhead says: "You'll need all the help you can get."
Flash Magnus says: "Is this..."
Flash Magnus says: "Netitus, the fireproof shield?!"
Flash Magnus says: "!"
Commander Ironhead says: "It has protected Legion heroes for generations."
Commander Ironhead says: "And today, I can't think of a worthier flank for Netitus to protect."
Commander Ironhead says: "Good luck, soldier."
Flash Magnus says: "Hey, hey!"
Flash Magnus says: "Come and get me!"
Flash Magnus says: "Hey, I'm over here!"
Rainbow Dash says: "While Flash Magnus bravely flew for his life, Commander Ironhoof was able to get his soldiers back."
Rainbow Dash says: "Flash Magnus flew like the wind..."
Rainbow Dash says: "..."
Rainbow Dash says: "faster than the dragons!"
Rainbow Dash says: "But he knew he couldn't do this forever."
Rainbow Dash says: "Luckily, he had a plan."
Rainbow Dash says: "He led the dragons straight into a storm that the Legion had planted!"
Rainbow Dash says: "One taste of the lightning, and the dragons retreated."
Rainbow Dash says: "Flash Magnus' plan worked!"
Legion cadets cheering.
Scootaloo says: "Wow!"
Scootaloo says: "I did like that ending."
Rainbow Dash says: "Told ya!"
Rainbow Dash says: "He always inspired me to be my brave and awesome self."
Apple Bloom says: "Mm-hmm!"
Applejack says: "Yeah, I guess he kinda reminds me of you."
Rainbow Dash says: "Tch!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You guess?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Come on, I'm just like him!"
Applejack says: "Hey, do you hear that?"
Apple Bloom says: "Uh, I don't hear anythin'."
Applejack says: "Exactly!"
Applejack says: "Those gosh-darn Fly-ders are gone!"
Applejack says: "We can get out!"
Applejack says: "Whoa!"
Rarity says: "Or not."
Applejack says: "We're gonna have to see if we can get out the other way."
Scootaloo says: "You mean go further into the dark, spooky cave?!"
Scootaloo says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Scootaloo, just remember the story."
Rainbow Dash says: "Gotta be brave like me and Flash Magnus, okay?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I hear water!"
Rarity says: "And if there's flowing water, then..."
Applejack says: "..."
Applejack says: "it might lead to the way out!"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "Whoa!"
Rarity says: "Okay, on three."
Rarity says: "One, two—"
Apple Bloom says: "Three!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Three!"
Apple Bloom says: "Woo-hoo!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Yeah-ha-ha!"
Applejack says: "Huh."
Applejack says: "Well, what do you know?"
Applejack says: "We found ourselves a shortcut to Winsome Falls!"
Scootaloo says: "It's never looked so beautiful."
Rarity says: "Well, almost."
Applejack says: "We sure are sorry that our camping trip wasn't what we hoped it would be."
Apple Bloom says: "Are you kidding?"
Apple Bloom says: "This trip is awesome!"
Rarity says: "It is?"
Sweetie Belle says: "We got to hear legendary stories and go on an adventure."
Applejack says: "Wait, you three wanna stay?"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "Of course we do!"
Sweetie Belle says: "We could turn those trees into a nice, little shelter!"
Apple Bloom says: "We can get you some big logs and branches to help build it!"
Scootaloo says: "And I bet we could find some more berries!"
Scootaloo says: "Come on!"
Scootaloo says: "I can't wait to see what happens next year!"