Twilight Sparkle says: "This happened while we were gone?"
Applejack says: "Wow!"
Applejack says: "Those are all the places we went when we left to save Equestria!"
Rarity says: "Ugh!"
Rarity says: "There's that horrid town where we were almost sold!"
Rainbow Dash says: "The pirates!"
Rainbow Dash says: "They were pretty awesome!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, once they decided not to throw us overboard."
Pinkie Pie says: "And Mount Aris!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh, Starlight!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Did you know we made seashell necklaces for aaaaaa..."
Pinkie Pie says: "..."
Pinkie Pie says: "aaaaall the seaponies?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Really?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What about that unicorn?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "The one who attacked Canterlot?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Tempest!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I invited her to come to Ponyville, but she wanted to spread the word of the Storm King's defeat and share what she learned about friendship."
Applejack says: "Y'all think that's why the map grew?"
Applejack says: "Friendship quests beyond Equestria?"
Fluttershy says: "I hope not."
Fluttershy says: "I've had quite enough life-threatening adventures, thank you very much."
Pinkie Pie says: "How many friendship quests do you think we need to go on before we have to expand the throne room?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We can't do it all alone."
Pinkie Pie says: "Sure we can!"
Pinkie Pie says: "We just need to knock this wall down, get some paint..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I mean, the world is filled with so many different creatures who know nothing about friendship."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We need help if we're gonna teach them all about friendship."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Lots of help."
Rarity says: "Perhaps."
Rarity says: "But where does one go to learn about friendship?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Here!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "They can all go here!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Because we're gonna open a school!"
Princess Celestia says: "I think a school of friendship is a wonderful idea, Twilight!"
Princess Celestia says: "I'll help in any way I can."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just have a few questions."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What time should school start each day?"
Princess Celestia says: "It really d—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What's the ideal length for class?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Do you test regularly?"
Princess Celestia says: "Oh, well, that's—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What about class projects?"
Princess Celestia says: "That's a very—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Assigned seating?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Open seating?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Or is that..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "too unstructured?"
Princess Celestia says: "Oh, Twilight."
Princess Celestia says: "You were my star pupil."
Princess Celestia says: "If anyone knows how to run a school, it's you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There's a big difference between attending a school and running one."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's not like there's a rule book to follow."
Princess Celestia says: "Actually, there is."
Princess Celestia says: "The EEA guidebook is very specific about how to run a school."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The EEA?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've never heard of that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Should I have heard of that?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Princess Celestia says: "Of course not."
Princess Celestia says: "You've never run a school before."
Princess Celestia says: "The Equestria Education Association is a board of learned ponies that oversee every school in Equestria."
Spike says: "Even your school?"
Spike says: "But you're you!"
Princess Celestia says: "Not even a princess can do whatever she likes when it comes to shaping young pony minds."
Princess Celestia says: "The EEA ensures that whether it's unicorns studying magic, Pegasi learning weather, or Earth ponies researching agriculture, all schools are held to the same high standard."
Princess Celestia says: "They'll need to approve your plan before you can move forward."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, Spike, looks like we have a presentation to make."
Spike says: "After everything we've been through, how hard can that be?"
Spike says: "I'm gonna go with "really hard"."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh, hello."
Twilight Sparkle says: "My name is—"
Neighsay says: "Princess Twilight Sparkle."
Neighsay says: "I am Chancellor Neighsay."
Neighsay says: "Equestria owes you a great debt."
Neighsay says: "But princess or no, we expect you to do things by..."
Neighsay says: "the..."
Neighsay says: "book!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think you'll find my curriculum meets all your requirements, Chancellor."
Neighsay says: "And can we trust you to follow through with this plan?"
Neighsay says: "Will you leave the school unattended to gallop off on your..."
Neighsay says: ""adventures"?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "My journey beyond Equestria showed me firsthoof that the threats out there are greater than we imagined!"
EEA members hushed whispering.
Twilight Sparkle says: "If we want to keep our land safe and create a friendlier tomorrow, we need to teach the Magic of Friendship far and wide."
Neighsay says: "A school for ponies to learn how to protect themselves."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh, more like respecting differences and communicating."
Neighsay says: "The EEA concurs."
Neighsay says: "Every pony should be prepared to defend our way of life."
Neighsay says: "So, if your work is in order, provisional EEA approval is granted."
Neighsay says: "We will need to observe your school up and running before it can be fully accredited."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Then please, join us for Friends and Family Day."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It'll be the perfect time to see our progress!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's too much."
Rainbow Dash says: "Too much!"
Rarity says: "Ugh, you think so?"
Rarity says: "I had hoped dressing the part would help me feel the part."
Rainbow Dash says: "Not your dress!"
Rainbow Dash says: "This!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Us!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Teaching?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "They're gonna think I'm an egghead!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Well, the students are gonna love my confetti cannon class."
Pinkie Pie says: "It's gonna be..."
Pinkie Pie says: "a blast!"
Fluttershy says: "Um, hello there."
Fluttershy says: "I'm your teacher."
Fluttershy says: "I hope you enjoy class."
Fluttershy says: "But if you don't enjoy it, that's okay, too."
Applejack says: "I don't know about all this."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's going to be fine."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everything about this school just feels right."
Starlight Glimmer says: "See?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "If Twilight isn't stressed, you've got nothing to worry about."
Applejack says: "And you're sure you want us to be teachers?"
Applejack says: "In classrooms?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The EEA is very clear on how schools should be run."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We have a huge responsibility, and I need you all to do this by the book."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That means no cannons in class, Pinkie."
Pinkie Pie says: "Awww."
Pinkie Pie says: "Not even a  teeny cannon?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know it's not some big adventure against the forces of evil, but this could be the most important thing we've ever done."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't run a school of friendship without my best friends."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Can I count on you?"
Rarity says: "Of course you can, darling."
Rainbow Dash says: "Call me Professor Egghead."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm in!"
Pinkie Pie says: "First day at school!"
Pinkie Pie says: "So many new ponies!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "About that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "One thing I forgot to mention."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's not just ponies."
Pinkie Pie says: "That was unexpected."
Rarity says: "Ooh!"
Rarity says: "Students certainly traveled from far and wide to attend our school!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess Celestia helped me reach out to all the kingdoms."
Twilight Sparkle says: "After all, friendship is something that needs to be shared with every..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "creature."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Welcome to the School of Friendship!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm your headmare Twilight Sparkle."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Please follow Guidance Counselor Starlight to sign in and get your class assignments."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Then we can show you your living quarters."
Sandbar says: "Whoa, sorry!"
Sandbar says: "I'm Sandbar."
Sandbar says: "Are you a student here, too?"
Grampa Gruff says: "Gallus!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Grandpa Gruff?"
Rainbow Dash says: "What are you doing here?"
Grampa Gruff says: "Flew all the way from Griffonstone to introduce Gallus."
Gallus says: "Rainbow Dash, right?"
Gallus says: "Gilda told me about you."
Gallus says: "You're a teacher?"
Gallus says: "Huh."
Gallus says: "Thought you'd be..."
Gallus says: "cooler."
Prince Rutherford says: "Ponies!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Prince Rutherford!"
Prince Rutherford says: "This Yona Yak."
Prince Rutherford says: "She come to pony school."
Prince Rutherford says: "Hah."
Prince Rutherford says: "Make it better."
Yona says: "Yak can't wait to meet ponies and tell all about Yakyakistan!"
Applejack says: "Why don't I show you around before you destroy the place?"
Smolder says: "But dragons are better than this!"
Smolder says: "Why am I here?"
Ember says: "Because as Dragon Lord, I'm ordering you to be here!"
Ember says: "Hey, Spike!"
Ember says: "Come meet Smolder."
Spike says: "Great to see you, Ember!"
Spike says: "Uh, which one is Smolder?"
Thorax says: "Ocellus!"
Thorax says: "What did we talk about?"
Thorax says: "I told you, stay in your own form."
Thorax says: "It's the polite thing to do."
Thorax says: "Sorry, she's shy."
Silverstream says: "What is that?!"
Silverstream says: "!"
Silverstream says: "No way!"
Silverstream says: "I didn't know ponies could turn into..."
Silverstream says: "um..."
Silverstream says: "What are you?"
Thorax says: "A changeling."
Silverstream says: "Ponies can turn into changelings?!"
Silverstream says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "No, but changelings can turn into ponies."
Silverstream says: "Huh."
Silverstream says: "That's confusing!"
Seaspray says: "I am General Seaspray of Her Majesty Queen Novo's navy."
Seaspray says: "I would like to introduce the queen's niece, Silverstream."
Silverstream says: "This place is amazing!"
Silverstream says: "I've spent most of my life in a coral reef underwater."
Silverstream says: "I was a seapony, but now I'm a Hippogriff."
Silverstream says: "Long story."
Silverstream says: "Anyway, wow!"
Silverstream says: "Is that a yak?!"
Silverstream says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thank you so much for supporting the grand opening of our school."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I hope you'll all join us for Friends and Family Day to see the amazing progress your students are making."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Looks like school's in session!"
Choir.
The School of Friendship, first day of class.
Will we fail or will we pass?
Students come from far and wide.
Brand-new friends here by our side.
Twilight Sparkle.
Take a breath, look around, it's amazing.
I can't believe that it's real.
Students galore, new ideas to explore.
Can't contain the excitement I feel.
Can't mess up, can't afford a mistake now.
Think "success", keep it firmly in sight.
Make sure to do things by the book.
Make sure to do it all right.
Choir.
The School of Friendship, must get to class.
Will we fail or will we pass?
Students learning from the best.
Taking notes to pass the test.
Twilight Sparkle.
Wait, hold on! Not like that! Just a second!
I'm not sure if that method's approved.
Let me take a look – yup, right here in the book.
Rainbow Dash.
Come on! We just got in the groove!
Twilight Sparkle.
Can't mess up, can't afford a mistake now.
We are shaping young minds to ignite.
Do it like it says in the book.
Now make sure you're doing it right.
Pinkie Pie.
There's not an equation on how to have fun.
Fluttershy.
The students look bored now – oh, what have I done?
Applejack.
Can't teach bein' honest, not sure what to do.
Rarity.
I'm quite certain I'm lost.
Main cast sans Twilight Sparkle.
None of us has a clue!
Students.
School of Friendship, another class.
Wish it were more of a blast.
Thought this school would be more fun.
Can't wait for our classes to be done.
School of Friendship.
Twilight Sparkle.
Can't mess up, can't afford a mistake now.
Pinkie Pie.
No way to have fun.
Fluttershy.
Oh, what have I done?
Students.
Bored with this class.
Twilight Sparkle.
Think "success", keep it firmly in sight.
Students.
Wish that we could leave en masse!
Rarity.
We don't have a clue.
Students.
Listen to this one request.
Make things fun, we're really stressed.
Twilight Sparkle.
Make sure to do things by the book now.
All sans Twilight Sparkle.
Can we tell her this thing is a mess?
Silverstream says: "Is this what boring is?"
Silverstream says: "Am I bored?"
Smolder says: "Ugh, please."
Smolder says: "These ponies are the heroes of Equestria?"
Sandbar says: "Listen, these ponies saved all of us from the Storm King."
Gallus says: "How?"
Gallus says: "By boring him into surrender?"
Ocellus says: "Our teachers are a little different than I expected."
Yona says: "Ugh!"
Yona says: "Pony school waste of time!"
Yona says: "Yak school teach how to braid yak hair!"
Yona says: "Braiding yak hair is best!"
Yona says: "Whoa!"
Smolder says: "Oof!"
Smolder says: "Is there anything in Yakyakistan that isn't the best?"
Yona says: "Yes!"
Yona says: "Wait."
Yona says: "No!"
Yona says: "Yaks best."
Smolder says: "No claws, no wings, no fire."
Smolder says: "What is it exactly you're proud of?"
Sandbar says: "Whoa, cool it."
Sandbar says: "No need to harsh Yona's love for her heritage, okay?"
Gallus says: "Awww, are we not being sweet and friendly enough for you, pony?"
Silverstream says: "That was sarcasm, right?"
Silverstream says: "Because you weren't being sweet or nice!"
Smolder says: "Maybe dragons and griffons are just too tough for friendship."
Yona says: "Yaks tough, just not nasty."
Gallus says: "Who you calling nasty, klutz?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay, break it up!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Break..."
Rainbow Dash says: "it..."
Rainbow Dash says: "up!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What is going on here?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Gallus says: "Just a friendly discussion about the magic of friendship amongst friends."
Applejack says: "Everypony—"
Applejack says: "I mean, everyone, go to your next class!"
Applejack says: "I just can't believe it."
Applejack says: "Fights breakin' out when they're supposed to be learnin' friendship?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Things definitely aren't going as "by the book" as Twilight planned."
Rainbow Dash says: "That's because we're terrible teachers!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Face it."
Rainbow Dash says: "This school isn't gonna work."
Applejack says: "..."
Applejack says: "fights breakin' out in the hallway..."
Pinkie Pie says: "..."
Pinkie Pie says: "putting myself to sleep!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I don't look like that, do I?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I get it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Things are getting off to a rougher start than expected."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But that's okay!"
Spike says: "Who are you, and what have you done with Twilight Sparkle?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Every school in Equestria follows these rules."
Twilight Sparkle says: "As long as we do too, we'll be fine."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Maybe we should..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "try something new?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The EEA will be here this afternoon for Friends and Family Day."
Twilight Sparkle says: "They need to see a school that follows their guidelines."
Fluttershy says: "Even if those guidelines aren't working?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, then we have to try harder and make sure they do."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Another morning, another chance to inspire our students!"
Sandbar says: "Hey!"
Sandbar says: "Professor Dash's class is this way."
Ocellus says: "Where are you going?"
Ocellus says: "You're not  skipping, are you?"
Smolder says: "That's exactly what we're doing."
Silverstream says: "But Friends and Family Day—"
Gallus says: "Is after class."
Gallus says: "Relax."
Gallus says: "This is just a quick..."
Gallus says: "mental health break."
Silverstream says: "That sounds legit!"
Silverstream says: "We're in!"
Sandbar says: "I guess I'll tag along, too."
Sandbar says: "Make sure you don't get into..."
Sandbar says: "trouble."
Fluttershy says: "This way, Angel!"
Silverstream says: "Professor Fluttershy!"
Silverstream says: "We're busted!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, my!"
Fluttershy says: "What are you all doing?"
Fluttershy says: "Aren't classes that way?"
Ocellus says: "Ah—"
Ocellus says: "I'm taking the students to the lake to look at our divine reflections."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, that sounds nice."
Fluttershy says: "Have fun!"
Smolder says: "I take back everything I said about you!"
Smolder says: "That was cool!"
Ocellus says: "Thanks!"
Ocellus says: "Wait, what did you say about me?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You're sure sticking to the book is gonna work?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "My friends can handle anything."
Twilight Sparkle says: "They'll have these problems turned around before we know it."
Neighsay says: "Problems?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Chancellor Neighsay!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're here!"
Neighsay says: "Yes."
Neighsay says: "And you seem unprepared."
Neighsay says: "If there are problems..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Problems?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ha!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Of course not!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We can't wait to show you around!"
Gallus says: "And that's why griffons breathe fire when we get mad."
Silverstream says: "They do not!"
Silverstream says: "Wait!"
Silverstream says: "Do they?"
Silverstream says: "No!"
Silverstream says: "Really?!"
Silverstream says: "!"
Yona says: "Griffons just full of hot air!"
Smolder says: "And yaks are actually good at jokes."
Smolder says: "How about that?"
Ocellus says: "What are dragons good at?"
Smolder says: "Competition!"
Smolder says: "Who's up for a race?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow Dash!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why aren't you in class teaching?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Because my students are gone!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, g-gone somewhere else!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Doing a loyalty lesson!"
Rainbow Dash says: "And-and I was just going to grab, uh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "this pencil!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Because they need it."
Rainbow Dash says: "Wherever they are."
Rainbow Dash says: "Which I know, 'cause..."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm the teacher!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I see."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, Chancellor, we have other classes."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We can just—"
Neighsay says: "Let's follow the professor."
Neighsay says: "I'm quite curious about this lesson in loyalty."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Of course, we want to instill a sense of loyalty towards others."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We encourage acts of generosity and kindness."
Gallus says: "Figured we shouldn't be the only ones enjoying the view."
Yona says: "Waaaah!"
Yona says: "Yak not best at flying!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And appreciation for the value of laughter..."
Yona says: "Flying is best!"
Silverstream says: "Congratulations, Yona!"
Silverstream says: "You are officially the weirdest thing I've seen so far!"
Smolder says: "What do you say, Ocellus?"
Smolder says: "Can you be weirder than a flying yak?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "and to always be honest in any situation."
Neighsay says: "Honesty is imperative."
Neighsay says: "Princess, are we going in circles?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh, look at the time!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We'd better head to the lake for Friends and Family Day."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sure all the students and faculty will be there."
Ember says: "What is that?!"
Ember says: "!"
Neighsay says: "Aah!"
Neighsay says: "The school is under attack!"
Pony says: "Oh, my goodness!"
Silverstream says: "Uh, maybe skipping class wasn't the best idea?"
Neighsay says: "How dare you!"
Neighsay says: "This act of aggression against ponies—"
Neighsay says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I-I'm so sorry, Chancellor."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We clearly had some students get a little carried away."
Neighsay says: "Those are students?"
Neighsay says: "But you said you were opening this school to protect Equestria!"
Neighsay says: "To defend ponies from..."
Neighsay says: "dangerous creatures who don't have our best interests at heart!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "My school teaches for all of us to work together through friendship."
Neighsay says: "And how do you know these creatures won't take what they have learned here and use it against us?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Friendship isn't just for ponies!"
Neighsay says: "It should be."
Prince Rutherford says: "Unicorn think yaks no need friendship?"
Prince Rutherford says: "Maybe yaks no need pony school!"
Neighsay says: "Well, perhaps you should return to your kind."
Ember says: ""Your kind"?!"
Ember says: "!"
Ember says: "Smolder, let's go!"
Seaspray says: "Queen Novo will want to hear of this!"
Grampa Gruff says: "Well, this place seemed lame anyways."
Thorax says: "It's fine."
Thorax says: "We know not every pony sees us the way you do."
Thorax says: "We're used to it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess Celestia helped me reach out to all the kingdoms!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "When she hears you closed the school because—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Neighsay says: "Because you failed to meet the EEA's standards?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Neighsay says: "Irresponsible teachers, students skipping class, endangering ponies!"
Neighsay says: "Your school is a disaster."
Neighsay says: "Perhaps if you had had higher standards for who was admitted, this could have been avoided."
Neighsay says: "Regardless..."
Neighsay says: "By order of the EEA, I am shutting this school..."
Neighsay says: "down!"