Fluttershy says: "Thank you so much, Zecora."
Fluttershy says: "I never would've found the crisscross moss without you."
Zecora says: "Of course."
Zecora says: "I know where it grows, so it's not much to ask."
Zecora says: "Though retrieving it has been a difficult task."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, but the oxen visiting Sweet Feather Sanctuary next week will surely appreciate it."
Fluttershy says: "It really adds a shine to their coat."
Zecora says: "There we go."
Zecora says: "Now, that wasn't so tough."
Zecora says: "Fluttershy, tell me, will this be enough?"
Fluttershy says: "Gee, I don't know."
Fluttershy says: "It's a pretty big pack."
Fluttershy says: "So maybe enough to fill up this sack?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, my!"
Fluttershy says: "You're rubbing off on me, Zecora!"
Zecora says: "Whoa."
Zecora says: "Whoa!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, no, oh, no, oh, no!"
Fluttershy says: "Zecora, are you all right?"
Zecora says: "No need to fret."
Zecora says: "I only got wet."
Zecora says: "At least now I can easily grab all the crisscross moss there is to be had."
Fluttershy says: "What's happening to you?"
Zecora says: "Honestly, it's hard to tell."
Zecora says: "But suddenly, I don't feel so well..."
Dr. Horse says: "All right, Zecora."
Dr. Horse says: "Let's have a listen to the old ticker."
Dr. Horse says: "Hmm."
Dr. Horse says: "Hmm."
Dr. Horse says: "Hmm."
Fluttershy says: "Do you think it's serious, doctor?"
Dr. Horse says: "Well, that wasn't a good sign."
Fluttershy says: "I can't believe a flower did this."
Fluttershy says: "I take back thinking it was pretty!"
Dr. Horse says: "Mm-hmm."
Dr. Horse says: "We're looking for any color other than red."
Fluttershy says: "Phew."
Dr. Horse says: "Oh, it's just as I thought."
Dr. Horse says: "I'm afraid you have a very rare disease called..."
Dr. Horse says: "Swamp Fever!"
Zecora says: "Tell me, doctor."
Zecora says: "What should I do?"
Zecora says: "I've never heard of Swamp Fever, mind you."
Dr. Horse says: "Unfortunately, very little is known about the disease."
Dr. Horse says: "Except, of course, its symptoms – change of coat, coughing bubbles, shock sneezing, confusion, and the last stage, the afflicted turn into the very trees that drop the disease-spreading flower."
Zecora says: "Oh!"
Zecora says: "Is there anything that can be done for such a terrible conundrum?!"
Zecora says: "!"
Dr. Horse says: "A cure has yet to be discovered."
Dr. Horse says: "I'm sorry, Zecora."
Zecora says: "Hmmm."
Dr. Horse says: "It's a lot to take in."
Dr. Horse says: "I'll leave you two to discuss."
Fluttershy says: "Zecora, this is all my fault!"
Fluttershy says: "If you hadn't been helping me get the crisscross moss, you wouldn't have gotten Swamp Fever."
Fluttershy says: "I'm so sorry."
Zecora says: "Fluttershy, you are not to blame."
Zecora says: "These things happen all the same."
Fluttershy says: "I refuse to accept that!"
Fluttershy says: "There has to be somepony who can help you!"
Zecora says: "Oh."
Zecora says: "There's a healer of legend who never would fail."
Zecora says: "But I only know her from ancient folktales."
Zecora says: "Mystical and masked, she came in the night and cured everything from hoof cough to fur blight."
Zecora says: "What became of the healer, nopony knows, for she disappeared ages and ages ago."
Fluttershy says: "The Mystical Mask!"
Fluttershy says: "Of course!"
Fluttershy says: "My parents would tell me about her whenever I was sick in bed."
Zecora says: "There's so many accounts of her power to heal."
Zecora says: "She can't just be a legend."
Zecora says: "I think she's real."
Fluttershy says: "If that's who we need to cure you, then I'm going to find her!"
Fluttershy says: "And I know just the pony who can help!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh."
Fluttershy says: "Twilight?"
Fluttershy says: "Twilight?"
Fluttershy says: "Twilight!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I'm so sorry to bother—"
Fluttershy says: "Are..."
Fluttershy says: "Are you cooking?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yeah!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike and I are having a cook-off!"
Spike says: "My cauliflower bites blew her sweet potato muffins out of the water!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm glad you're here, Fluttershy, because we're gonna need a second opinion about that."
Fluttershy says: "Zecora-has-Swamp-Fever-and-there's-no-cure-and-it's-all-my-fault-and-the-only-pony-who-can-cure-it-is-the-Mystical-Mask-and-I-need-your-help-to-find-her!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh..."
Spike says: "So, what'd she pick?"
Spike says: "The cauliflower bites, right?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's the last book on ancient ponies, and still no mention of the Mystical Mask."
Fluttershy says: "Hmm."
Fluttershy says: "Did we check the unabridged versions?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes, and the books on rare diseases, the books on rare plants, and the entire section on bog habitation."
Fluttershy says: "Well, we might have to look through every book in the entire library, but I know we'll figure it out."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh."
Fluttershy says: "Another dead end."
Fluttershy says: "Have you found anything yet, Twilight?"
Fluttershy says: "Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Aah!"
Fluttershy says: "Goodness!"
Fluttershy says: "Are you okay?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm fine."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy, you know that I want to help Zecora."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I think we'd be a lot better off if we got some sleep."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We've been at this for hours."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I'm so sorry."
Fluttershy says: "I didn't realize how late it had gotten."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No problem."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'll grab you a pillow and—"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, no-no-no."
Fluttershy says: "I meant you should sleep."
Fluttershy says: "I can't rest until Zecora is healed."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I understand how you feel, but I still think we'd have more luck if we tried again in the morning."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just promise me you'll take a break soon."
Fluttershy says: "Mm-hmm."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Good night, Fluttershy."
Twilight Sparkle says: "9-by-13-inch pan..."
Fluttershy says: "Twilight!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nonstick pans!"
Spike says: "What's all the commotion in here, ladies?"
Fluttershy says: "Sorry, but I figured out who the Mystical Mask is!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You did?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "All I had to do was cross-reference a book about masks with another book on ancient Equestrian healers, then use a third book to translate it all from Olde Ponish, and there it was!"
Fluttershy says: "Zecora was right!"
Fluttershy says: "The Mystical Mask wasn't just a legend."
Fluttershy says: "The Mystical Mask was Mage Meadowbrook!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The ancient sorceress from Hayseed Swamp?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We studied her at Celestia's school!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you sure?"
Fluttershy says: "Absolutely!"
Fluttershy says: "Mage Meadowbrook wasn't just a sorceress."
Fluttershy says: "She was also a healer, and back then, healers wore masks so they wouldn't get sick themselves!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy, I am so incredibly proud of you for using your research skills to figure this out!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But Meadowbrook lived ages ago, and didn't she disappear?"
Fluttershy says: "Mm-hmm."
Fluttershy says: "But if we go to Hayseed Swamp, maybe we can find something she left behind!"
Fluttershy says: "Something that could lead to a cure!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It seems like a long shot, but I guess it's possible."
Fluttershy says: "We have to try!"
Fluttershy says: "I've got a route all planned out, and on the way, we can check up on Zecora, and then—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Whoa, whoa, whoa."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're leaving now?"
Fluttershy says: "Of course!"
Fluttershy says: "Every second we spend waiting is a second Zecora is coughing bubbles!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But Fluttershy, you haven't slept!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And that's a long journey!"
Fluttershy says: "There's no use trying to talk me out of this, Twilight!"
Fluttershy says: "We've got no time to waste!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Can we at least grab some breakfast?"
Fluttershy says: "I packed cauliflower bites."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Aw."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No sweet potato muffins?"
Spike says: "I, uh, ate them all."
Spike says: "They were actually really good."
Fluttershy says: "And that's when I realized the Mystical Mask was actually Mage Meadowbrook!"
Zecora says: "That's marvelous, Fluttershy."
Zecora says: "I am quite impressed."
Zecora says: "While you are gone on your journey, I'll try not to be..."
Zecora says: "worried."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, no."
Fluttershy says: "Zecora, you didn't rhyme!"
Fluttershy says: "You must be getting worse."
Zecora says: "Oh."
Zecora says: "No, no, no, not at all."
Zecora says: "Something..."
Zecora says: "something..."
Zecora says: "ball?"
Fluttershy says: "That's it!"
Fluttershy says: "We have to go now!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Lead the way, Fluttershy."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "where do you think Meadowbrook lived?"
Fluttershy says: "I'm not sure."
Fluttershy says: "Maybe there's somepony we can ask."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think we might be the only ponies here."
Fluttershy says: "Wait!"
Fluttershy says: "I recognize that tree!"
Fluttershy says: "Yes!"
Fluttershy says: "This has to be it!"
Fluttershy says: "It's just like the illustrations of her home!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Anypony who lives in a tree is okay by me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Or we could try the handle."
Fluttershy says: "It really blends in with the bark."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Easy to miss."
Fluttershy says: "Wow."
Fluttershy says: "It looks like this place has been abandoned for years."
Fluttershy says: "Do you think she found it?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I hope so, but let's not get ahead of ourselves."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's exactly what I'm talking about."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're making your excited squeaking noise!"
Fluttershy says: "Uh, I wasn't making my excited squeaking noise."
Cattail says: "Y'all can stop screamin' now."
Cattail says: "Didn't mean to scare ya."
Cattail says: "I do that a lot."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Scare ponies or rock creepily in the dark?"
Cattail says: "Well, both, I s'pose."
Cattail says: "Name's Cattail."
Cattail says: "Pleased to meet ya."
Fluttershy says: "Likewise, but, um, may I ask, why are you in Mage Meadowbrook's home?"
Cattail says: "Oh, I take care of the place."
Cattail says: "I ain't much of a cleaner, but from what I hear, my kin wasn't neither."
Cattail says: "So I doubt they'd mind a few cobwebs in our ancestral home."
Fluttershy says: "You're related to Mage Meadowbrook?"
Cattail says: "Mm-hmm."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, my goodness, Twilight, we did it!"
Fluttershy says: "Not only did we find Mage Meadowbrook's old house – we actually found one of her descendants!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Honestly, I would not have guessed it."
Cattail says: "So you're lookin' for some kind o' cure, huh?"
Cattail says: "Well, now, I know Meadowbrook was known to always be writin' in her journals."
Cattail says: "If she had the cure you want, I reckon that's where it'd be."
Cattail says: "Come on."
Cattail says: "I'll show ya the library."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Library?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now we're talkin'!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Libraries come in all shapes and sizes."
Fluttershy says: "This is good."
Fluttershy says: "It'll take us less time to go through everything."
Fluttershy says: ""Today, my mom made me eat peas."
Fluttershy says: "Peas are yucky."
Fluttershy says: "" And we can probably skip this one, unless she found a cure when she was a foal."
Fluttershy says: "Wait!"
Fluttershy says: "Listen to this!"
Fluttershy says: ""Today, I tried again to brew an unsniffle elixir..."
Fluttershy says: "..."
Mage Meadowbrook says: "..."
Fluttershy says: "and I finally got it right!"
Mage Meadowbrook says: "and I finally got it right!"
Meadowbrook's Mother says: "Meadowbrook, I think it's time you had this."
Mage Meadowbrook says: "My very own healer's mask!"
Mage Meadowbrook says: "You think I'm ready, mother?"
Meadowbrook's Mother says: "Mm-hm."
Meadowbrook's Mother says: "What caused this?"
Mage Meadowbrook says: "Mother calls it Swamp Fever."
Mage Meadowbrook says: "We've been tryin' to find a cure, but it hasn't been easy."
Mage Meadowbrook says: "The fever spread like wildfire."
Mage Meadowbrook says: "I fear if we don't find a cure soon, everypony will be in grave danger!"
Mage Meadowbrook says: "With mother sick, I didn't think I'd ever find a cure."
Mage Meadowbrook says: "But starin' at those cursed flowers today, I saw somethin'."
Mage Meadowbrook says: "I realized the flowers' poison didn't affect the flash bees."
Mage Meadowbrook says: "And if they were immune to Swamp Fever, their honey could be the cure!"
Mage Meadowbrook says: "But they were so aggressive defendin' their hive, I didn't know how I was gonna get it!"
Mage Meadowbrook says: "Here goes nothin'!"
Mage Meadowbrook says: "Today, I cured mother..."
Fluttershy says: "..."
Mage Meadowbrook says: "..."
Fluttershy says: "and the rest of the bayou!"
Mage Meadowbrook says: "and the rest of the bayou!"
Fluttershy says: ""It was the greatest feeling I've ever experienced, and I promise to dedicate my life to curing ponies all over Equestria!"
Cattail says: "And she did just that."
Cattail says: "Right up 'til she disappeared without a trace."
Fluttershy says: "So all we have to do is find those aggressive flash bees and get them to give us their honey!"
Fluttershy says: "Of course, it doesn't say how she did that..."
Fluttershy says: "What?"
Fluttershy says: "Is my mane messy?"
Fluttershy says: "I know I haven't slept in a while, but..."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, no!"
Fluttershy says: "I've caught Swamp Fever!"
Fluttershy says: "Huh?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you sure these are necessary?"
Fluttershy says: "What?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I said, are you sure these are necessary?"
Fluttershy says: "Yes!"
Fluttershy says: "I won't risk infecting you or Cattail!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What you can't risk is getting any sicker!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "If you don't rest, your symptoms will only get worse!"
Cattail says: "Mm-hmm."
Cattail says: "You really should rest up before going up against those flash bees."
Cattail says: "They are nasty critters."
Fluttershy says: "Um, you don't know this about me, but I'm pretty good with animals."
Fluttershy says: "And besides, Dogtail—"
Cattail says: "Cattail."
Fluttershy says: "Um, Zecora is counting on me."
Fluttershy says: "I have to help her, just like Meadowbrook helped her mother and all those bayou ponies long ago!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But Fluttershy, as much as Meadowbrook took care of other ponies, I'm sure she also took care of herself."
Fluttershy says: "You're not gonna change my mind, Twilight!"
Cattail says: "Ooh."
Cattail says: "For bein' sick, she sure is strong."
Cattail says: "The flash beehive is just up yonder."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you sure you don't want me to come with you?"
Fluttershy says: "No!"
Fluttershy says: "It's too dangerous, Twilight."
Fluttershy says: "Besides, I've already gotten one friend hurt."
Fluttershy says: "I won't let it happen to another."
Fluttershy says: "Hello, flash bees!"
Fluttershy says: "I was hoping I could get some of your honey."
Fluttershy says: "Oh!"
Fluttershy says: "I see."
Fluttershy says: "You don't let others have any."
Fluttershy says: "Well, I'm sorry, but I really need it."
Fluttershy says: "I didn't want it to have to come to this, but I'll just have to use..."
Fluttershy says: "the Stare!"
Fluttershy says: "What happened?"
Fluttershy says: "Where am I?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm so glad you're okay."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're still in Meadowbrook's tree."
Cattail says: "You fainted, but Twilight shot some magic up and caught ya."
Cattail says: "It was crazy."
Fluttershy says: "Goodness gracious!"
Fluttershy says: "Have you heard from Zecora?"
Fluttershy says: "Is she okay?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh..."
Cattail says: "We got word your zebra friend has started sproutin' leaves."
Fluttershy says: "She's already turning into a tree?!"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "I thought we'd have more time!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Actually, you've been asleep for three days."
Fluttershy says: "Three days?!"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Mm-hmm."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You were asleep so long, we were afraid you wouldn't be able to move when you woke up."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But thankfully, you just wore yourself down!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, dear."
Fluttershy says: "We have to get back to the hive!"
Fluttershy says: "I've wasted so much time, and—"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Cattail says: "Now hang on there, Fluttershy."
Cattail says: "Those flash bee critters are tricky."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Cattail's right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't even use magic to calm them down."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We'll have to find another way to get the honey."
Cattail says: "We've tried everything from disguises to things I won't even speak of."
Twilight Sparkle says: "He's been through a lot these past three days."
Fluttershy says: "Wait..."
Fluttershy says: "Disguises..."
Fluttershy says: "That's it!"
Fluttershy says: "I know how she did it!"
Fluttershy says: "I know how Meadowbrook got the honey!"
Fluttershy says: "This is how Meadowbrook got the honey from the flash bees!"
Cattail says: "She threw a mask at 'em?"
Cattail says: "I wouldn't recommend that."
Fluttershy says: "No."
Fluttershy says: "The male bees aren't aggressive around the queen bee, and this mask has the same stripes that she does."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy, that's brilliant!"
Cattail says: "Whoa!"
Fluttershy says: "There's no time to waste!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hooves crossed!"
Cattail says: "Oh, golly!"
Cattail says: "I can't watch!"
Fluttershy says: "Mind over matter!"
Fluttershy says: "Twilight..."
Fluttershy says: "It's working!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think she's cured now, Fluttershy."
Zecora says: "Ohhh, I do feel fine, and this honey is divine."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, you're rhyming again!"
Fluttershy says: "Welcome back, my friend!"
Zecora says: "Thank you, Fluttershy, for all you endured."
Zecora says: "If not for you, I would not be cured."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, if it wasn't for me, you wouldn't have been sick in the first place."
Zecora says: "Regret is not what you should feel, because on this journey, you've learned a great deal."
Fluttershy says: "That's true."
Fluttershy says: "I certainly learned that if you don't take care of yourself, you won't be able to take care of anypony else."
Fluttershy says: "In fact, if I had rested like Twilight had suggested all along, maybe I would have thought to use Meadowbrook's mask sooner."
Dr. Horse says: "Please tell me you found the cure!"