Previously on My Little Pony.
Royal Guard says: "It's Princess Luna and Princess Celestia."
Spike says: "They're missing!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Everfree Forest is..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "invading."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think I'm starting to get a pretty good idea of who we're up against."
Discord says: "I'm reformed."
Discord says: "Don't you remember?"
Discord says: "Why don't you ask your zebra friend?"
Zecora says: "You can turn the potion from purple to white."
Zecora says: "You may see why the sky is day and night."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess Luna!"
Princess Luna says: "There can only be one princess in Equestria!"
Princess Luna says: "And that princess will be me!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Luna!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Think of how long you were banished to the moon!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You'll give us no choice but to send you back there if you don't stop!"
Princess Celestia says: "Luna, I will not fight you!"
Princess Celestia says: "You must lower the moon!"
Princess Celestia says: "It is your duty!"
Nightmare Moon says: "Luna?"
Nightmare Moon says: "I am..."
Nightmare Moon says: "Nightmare Moon!"
Nightmare Moon says: "I have but one royal duty now: to destroy you!"
Nightmare Moon says: "And where do you think you're going?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Celestia!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why would Luna do this?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why now?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're all right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're all right!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess Celestia?"
Princess Celestia says: "Oh, dear sister."
Princess Celestia says: "I am sorry, but you have given me no choice but to use these."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are those the Elements of Harmony?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But that's how they looked in..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "the past."
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is the night you banished her."
Nightmare Moon says: "Nooooooo!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why are you all looking at me like that?"
Applejack says: "It's just..."
Applejack says: "you were mumblin' to yourself..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And don't forget the uncontrollable sobbing!"
Fluttershy says: "We were really worried about you."
Discord says: "I for one found it delightful."
Discord says: "Sort of a one-pony theater piece, if you will."
Discord says: "You should really consider taking it on the road."
Rainbow Dash says: "Did you find out whose rump we need to kick and where we can find them?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I saw something from a long time ago."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But it didn't explain what's happening now."
Zecora says: "Perhaps farther back still are the answers you seek."
Zecora says: "Another sip of the potion will give you a peek."
Spike says: "You sure about this?"
Discord says: "Oh, I do hope she breaks into a song this time!"
Discord says: "Oh, this is so much fun."
Discord says: "How about a game of 'Pin the Tail on the Pony'?"
Princess Celestia says: "Play time is over for you, Discord."
Discord says: "Oh, I doubt that."
Discord says: "Hungry?"
Discord says: "Suit yourselves."
Discord says: "Oh!"
Discord says: "What have you got there?"
Princess Celestia says: "The Elements of Harmony."
Princess Luna says: "With them, we shall defeat you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "This must be when they turned Discord into stone."
Discord says: "Hilarious!"
Princess Luna says: "The Tree of Harmony."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Tree of Harmony?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "My cutie mark."
Princess Luna says: "Are you sure?"
Princess Celestia says: "We have managed to discover the only means by which we can defeat Discord and free the citizens of Equestria."
Princess Celestia says: "Even without these elements, the Tree of Harmony will possess a powerful magic."
Princess Celestia says: "As long as that magic remains, it will continue to control and contain all that grows here."
Spike says: "So what did you find out?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I still don't know what's happened to Princess Luna and Princess Celestia, but I think I know why the Everfree Forest is acting this way."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Something's happened to the Tree of Harmony."
Rainbow Dash says: "The tree of what now?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's where Princess Celestia and Princess Luna found the Elements."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think it's in danger."
Applejack says: "Well, all right then!"
Applejack says: "Let's go save a..."
Applejack says: "tree."
Applejack says: "Uh..."
Applejack says: "where is it exactly?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think it's in..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "there."
Discord says: "Ooh-hoo!"
Discord says: "I'm going to need more popcorn!"
Rarity says: "Seems like only yesterday we were heading into these woods to find the Elements of Harmony."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Seems like only yesterday I was foolish enough to think I should go after them on my own."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know what we're going to face in there."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But whatever it is, I know we need to face it together."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We can use those to cross."
Rarity says: "A cragadile!"
Rarity says: "Run for your lives!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That was close."
Applejack says: "A little too close, if you ask me."
Applejack says: "You sure you're all right?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm fine."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just can't seem to get these new wings to do what I want them to do when I want them to do it."
Rainbow Dash says: "Aw, you'll figure it out eventually."
Twilight Sparkle says: ""Eventually" isn't soon enough."
Applejack says: "You have been having an awful lot of trouble with those things."
Applejack says: "And, well, who knows what else is gonna to come after us?"
Applejack says: "You know, maybe it wouldn't be such a bad idea for Twilight to go back to Ponyville and let us look for the Tree of Harmony without her."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why?"
Applejack says: "For starters, you just about got eaten by a cragadilly."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We all did."
Twilight Sparkle says: "He wasn't after just me."
Applejack says: "Sure, but..."
Applejack says: "well, the rest of us aren't princesses."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What's that got to do with anything?"
Applejack says: "Princess Celestia and Princess Luna are gone."
Applejack says: "If something happened to you, I-I just don't think Equestria can risk losing another princess."
Rarity says: "Applejack does make a valid point."
Rarity says: "Even if we manage to save the Tree of Harmony, it won't necessarily mean Princess Celestia and Princess Luna will return."
Rarity says: "Equestria will need somepony to lead in their absence."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But the Tree of Harmony!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm the only one who has seen it and knows what it looks like."
Rainbow Dash says: "Huge tree, cutie marks on the trunk, probably being attacked by something hideously awful?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, I'm pretty sure we'll know it when we see it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "All of you feel this way?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Feel like I shouldn't be here?"
Fluttershy says: "It is probably for the best."
Cherry Berry says: "Help!"
Comet Tail says: "Help!"
Cherry Berry says: "Help!"
Comet Tail says: "Help!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Discord!"
Discord says: "You're welcome!"
Discord says: "Hmph."
Discord says: "No luck finding your tree?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We ran into some trouble."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And my friends decided it would be best if I returned to Ponyville while they continue the search."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Equestria will need me if Princess Celestia and Princess Luna don't return."
Discord says: "I'm just surprised that you agreed to their plan."
Discord says: "I never thought you'd be the kind of pony who would think she was better than everypony else."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't think I'm better than anypony!"
Discord says: "Oh, well, how silly of me to assume that you would think that."
Discord says: "All you did was choose to keep your precious princess self out of harm's way while your friends thrust themselves right into it."
Discord says: "I'm sure you'll all be the best of pals again when they return from their terrifying yet deeply bonding experience that they're having without you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I never should have agreed to come back here."
Spike says: "Come on, Twilight."
Spike says: "Discord may be reformed, but he's not that reformed."
Spike says: "He's just trying to get under your skin."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, it's working!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Anypony else starting to think this is a lost cause?"
Rainbow Dash says: "We're almost at Celestia and Luna's old castle."
Rainbow Dash says: "Maybe whatever Twilight saw when she took that crazy potion wasn't real."
Rainbow Dash says: "Maybe there is no Tree of Harmony."
Applejack says: "Maybe it's right down there."
Rainbow Dash says: "It can't be!"
Rarity says: "How are we supposed to get to it?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whoa!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oof!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ugh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Take the stairs, silly!"
Spike says: "Are we there yet?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know where we are."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're lost."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I never should have left my friends."
Spike says: "We can't just give up."
Spike says: "Maybe if I get up there, I'll be able to spot 'em."
Spike says: "Well, what do you know?"
Spike says: "Twilight?"
Fluttershy says: "I think it's dying!"
Applejack says: "So let's save it already!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Nice try."
Rainbow Dash says: "Heh- Whoa!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oof!"
Rarity says: "Valiant efforts on both your parts, but the tree remains in jeopardy."
Applejack says: "And I suppose you've got a better idea?"
Applejack says: "That's what I thought."
Fluttershy says: "I know who would know what to do."
Fluttershy says: "But we sent her home."
Rainbow Dash says: "It was your idea, Applejack!"
Applejack says: "We all agreed it was the best thing, Rainbow Dash!"
Applejack says: "We were tryin' to protect her."
Spike says: "Oof!"
Spike says: "Ow!"
Spike says: "Ugh!"
Spike says: "Twilight!"
Spike says: "Trouble!"
Spike says: "Help!"
Applejack says: "Listen here, you rabid rhododendrons!"
Applejack says: "You mess with one of us, you mess with all of us!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Up here!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yoo-hoo!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Come and get me!"
Rarity says: "Don't forget about me!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ta-da!"
Applejack says: "I sure am glad you came looking for us."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Not as glad as I am that you found me."
Rarity says: "The truth of it is, Twilight, we're simply lost without you."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah."
Rainbow Dash says: "Equestria may need its princess..."
Fluttershy says: "..."
Fluttershy says: "But we need our friend."
Princess Celestia says: "Even without these elements, the Tree of Harmony will possess a powerful magic."
Princess Celestia says: "As long as that magic remains, it will continue to control and contain all that grows here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know how we can save the tree."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We have to give it the Elements of Harmony."
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa, whoa, whoa, heh."
Rainbow Dash says: "How are we supposed to protect Equestria?"
Rarity says: "How are we meant to rein Discord in if we can't use the Elements to turn him back to stone?"
Applejack says: "Twilight..."
Applejack says: "The Elements of Harmony..."
Applejack says: "They're what keep us connected no matter what."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're right about one thing, Applejack."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Elements of Harmony did bring us together."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But it isn't the Elements that will keep us connected."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's our friendship."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And it's more important and more powerful than any magic."
Twilight Sparkle says: "My new role in Equestria may mean I have to take on new responsibilities, and our friendships may be tested, but it will never, ever be broken."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There's no time to lose."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everypony ready?"
All except Twilight says: "Ready!"
Discord says: "Oh, poo."
Princess Celestia says: "We know how difficult it must have been for you to give up the Elements."
Princess Celestia says: "It took great courage to relinquish them."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What's inside it?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "How am I supposed to open it?"
Princess Luna says: "Six locks, six keys."
Princess Celestia says: "I do not know where they are."
Princess Celestia says: "But I do know that it is a mystery you will not be solving alone."
Discord says: "Bravo, ladies, bravo!"
Discord says: "How ever did you save the day this time?"
Discord says: "Blast the beastie with your magic necklaces, I presume?"
Discord says: "Where are those little trinkets of yours?"
Discord says: "You know, the ones you use to send me back to my extremely uncomfortable stone prison?"
Applejack says: "Gone."
Discord says: "Gone?"
Discord says: "Gone?"
Fluttershy says: "But our friendship remains."
Fluttershy says: "And if you want to remain friends, you'll stop thinking whatever it is you're thinking and help us clean up."
Discord says: "Fine."
Discord says: "But I don't do windows."
Applejack says: "One thing I don't get."
Applejack says: "Why did all this happen now?"
Discord says: "I have no idea."
Discord says: "Those seeds I planted should have sprouted up ages ago."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What did you say?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Discord says: "Oh, why should I try to explain it when you can see for yourself?"
Princess Celestia says: "Play time is over for you, Discord!"
Discord says: "Oh, I doubt that."
Discord says: "Well, obviously things didn't go according to my original plan."
Discord says: "My plunderseeds should have stolen the magic from the Tree of Harmony and captured Princess Celestia and Princess Luna thousands of moons ago."
Discord says: "Alas, it seems the tree had enough magic to keep the seeds from growing up big and strong."
Discord says: "Until now, that is."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You realize this is information we could have used hours ago?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Discord says: "And rob you of a valuable lesson about being princess?"
Discord says: "What kind of friend do you think I am?"
Princess Celestia says: "Citizens of Equestria, it is no longer with a heavy heart but with great joy that I raise the summer sun."
Princess Celestia says: "For this celebration now represents not the defeat of Nightmare Moon, but the return of my sister, Princess Luna."