Rainbow Dash says: "So all I need to do is get Twilight to talk about a couple of memories?"
Spike says: "Twilight's so busy, the spa's the only place we could think of where you could "run into her"."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Thanks again for agreeing to this."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I know this place isn't exactly your kind of thing."
Rainbow Dash says: "It sure isn't!"
Rainbow Dash says: "But, you know, it's for Twilight, so I'm willing to suffer through anything."
Lotus Blossom says: "Ah, Rainbow Dash!"
Lotus Blossom says: "So good to see you again!"
Aloe says: "Would you like your usual suite of treatments?"
Lotus Blossom says: "Princess Twilight Sparkle!"
Lotus Blossom says: "It has always been such a pleasure to serve the Princess of Friendship, but now you will be the ruler of all Equestria!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And getting ready for the coronation is pretty hectic."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I need some time for myself."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Becoming a ruler is exhausting."
Rainbow Dash says: "Tell me about it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I choreographed a whole routine for the coronation and led the Wonderbolts through it today."
Rainbow Dash says: "It really took it out of me."
Rainbow Dash says: "I can't imagine leading everypony in Equestria."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hey, Rainbow Dash."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I didn't realize you came to the spa after practice."
Rainbow Dash says: "Heh."
Rainbow Dash says: "All the time!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Y-You know, for..."
Rainbow Dash says: "for the deep tissue sports massage."
Rainbow Dash says: "It really helps with the sore muscles and flexibility."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, if you're here, I believe it."
Rainbow Dash says: "So when do you think you realized just how athletic I was?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Um, the first moment we met."
Spike says: "Hmm, there's supposed to be a Pegasus pony named Rainbow Dash clearing the clouds."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, she's not doing a very good job, is she?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nng."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nnnn."
Rainbow Dash says: "Lemme help you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Let me guess."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're Rainbow Dash."
Rainbow Dash says: "The one and only."
Rainbow Dash says: "Why, you heard of me?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I heard you were supposed to be keeping the sky clear."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm Twilight Sparkle, and the Princess sent me to check on the weather."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, yeah, that'll be a snap."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'll do it in a jiffy."
Rainbow Dash says: "Just as soon as I'm done practicing."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Practicing for what?"
Rainbow Dash says: "The Wonderbolts!"
Rainbow Dash says: "They're gonna perform at the Celebration tomorrow, and I'm gonna show 'em my stuff!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Wonderbolts?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yep!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The most talented flyers in all of Equestria?"
Rainbow Dash says: "That's them!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pfft!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Please."
Twilight Sparkle says: "They'd never accept a Pegasus who can't even keep the sky clear for one measly day."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey, I could clear this sky in ten seconds flat."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Prove it."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yup."
Rainbow Dash says: "I've been a sporty pony my whoooole life."
Rainbow Dash says: "So I have to come to the spa a lot because, um..."
Rainbow Dash says: "sports!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come on, Dash."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You don't have to pretend you don't like frilly spa treatments."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everypony knows you're an athlete, but it's not exactly a secret you like to be pampered, too."
Rarity says: "Rainbow Dash!"
Rarity says: "What are you doing here?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Applejack says: "Yeah."
Applejack says: "I didn't think spa treatments were your thing exactly."
Rainbow Dash says: "What?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, they're totally not."
Rainbow Dash says: "At least, not the froufrou kind."
Rarity says: "Ah."
Applejack says: "Huh."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, I, uh, I think I tweaked something at Wonderbolts practice the other day."
Rainbow Dash says: "I just came in for a deep tissue sports massage."
"Lavender Essence" says: "Ah, Miss Dash, I am so sorry, but we are running just a tad behind, and we are not quite ready to start your pampered muscle massage and indulgent hooficure just yet."
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I-I'm pretty sure that wasn't what I signed up for."
"Lavender Essence" says: "But they are your usual."
Rainbow Dash says: "And it seems like you're really busy today anyway!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'll just come back tomorrow."
Rainbow Dash says: "But put me down for the same thing."
Rainbow Dash says: "So, Applejack and Rarity told you about that, huh?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And there's nothing wrong with it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "In fact, you should enjoy your indulgent hooficure."
Rainbow Dash says: "I suppose it's okay to like different kinds of things."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Exactly."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm not only a princess, and you're not only an athlete."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Think of all the non-sports things you're into."
Doctor Horse says: "Rainbow Dash, what in the world is going on?"
Doctor Horse says: "Why are you stealing slippers?"
Night Watch says: "Hey, get back to the hospital!"
Applejack says: "What's all the ruckus?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Mmm, I'd say it's more of a fracas than a ruckus."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What's going on, Rainbow Dash?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm an egghead."
Rarity says: "Pardon?"
Rainbow Dash says: "See, I was trying to get back into the hospital to finish the last chapter of—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "'Daring Do and the Quest for the Sapphire Statue'!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You got me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wow, I knew the book was good, but I didn't know it could drive a pony to petty theft!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Good?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Try awesomely amazing."
Rainbow Dash says: "That book is undeniably, unquestionably, un-put-down-able!"
Rainbow Dash says: "But then I had to put it down; I was sent home before I could finish it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, I'm glad that's all this is about."
Applejack says: "There's no reason to go around causin' a ruckus—"
Pinkie Pie says: "Fracas!"
Applejack says: "..."
Applejack says: "causin' a fracas just because you like to read."
Rarity says: "Ooo."
Pinkie Pie says: "Aaa-choooo!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hmm?"
Applejack says: "Land sakes!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I don't know..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Liking a bit of pampering doesn't make you any less of an athlete or anything else."
Rainbow Dash says: "You're right."
Rainbow Dash says: "What do you say we do hooficures and get pampered together?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thanks, but I've been looking forward to a little alone time to decompress, and the Ponyville Day Spa has just the thing."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe next time."
Starlight Glimmer says: "We don't have anywhere near enough memories for your section of the book!"
Spike says: "Sorry, Dash."
Rainbow Dash says: "You were right!"
Rainbow Dash says: "This decompression thing is great!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It is pretty relaxing."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Or it was."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yup."
Rainbow Dash says: "But you know what really gets me relaxed?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Thinking about times when I was totally awesome!"
Official says: "Ponyville qualifies!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's time to stop wasting time!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm going in!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow, no!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Get!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Out!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe that's relaxing for you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But for me, it's quieter, emotional moments that really do the trick."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Can you think of any of those?"
Rarity says: "The poor thing looks so sad!"
Rarity says: "Just what are we doing to do?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know what we can do."
Applejack says: "Buck up, Sugarcube."
Applejack says: "You just ain't yourself these days."
Rainbow Dash says: "Whatever..."
Rarity says: "Uh, how can I say this tactfully..."
Rarity says: "?"
Rarity says: "You've lost your sparkle, Rainbow Dash."
Pinkie Pie says: "I hate to say this, but, well..."
Pinkie Pie says: "you've become..."
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "A party pooper!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Didn't you hear me?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I said 'whatever'."
Rainbow Dash says: "I don't know if you're here to cheer me up or what, but I'm fine."
Fluttershy says: "Let me handle this."
Fluttershy says: "Rainbow Dash, your winter is going to be pet-less."
Rarity says: "Whatever did you do that for?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "Because she'll never get past this until she lets it all out."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hmm..."
Rainbow Dash says: "I mean, that's emotional, sure, but how is it relaxing?"
Rainbow Dash says: "No offense."
Rainbow Dash says: "Quiet moments are great, but not as great as being epic!"
Rarity says: "Look upon me, Equestria, for I..."
Rarity says: "am..."
Rarity says: "Rarity!"
Rarity says: "Uh-oh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, no!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Her wings evaporated into thin air!"
Misty Fly says: "Ooh!"
Soarin says: "Aah!"
Spitfire says: "Uuh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hold on, Rarity!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm coming!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I can't look!"
Fluttershy says: "A sonic rainboom!"
Fluttershy says: "She did it!"
Fluttershy says: "She did it!"
Fluttershy says: "Wooo!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey, where are you going?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I can think of a ton more epic relaxing moments!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sure you can, but right now I think I need to relax in my own quiet way."
Spike says: "We still need a few more."
Spike says: "What are the chances you can get Twilight to remember stuff in her own quiet way?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wow."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I guess you don't realize how much tension you hold in your flank."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ooh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, yeah."
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is exactly what I needed."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I love Rainbow Dash, but sometimes she can be a little much."
Scootaloo says: "I hope this works."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hope I'm not too late."
Pinkie Pie says: "I dunno what took that pony so long."
Pinkie Pie says: "That was amazing!"
Spitfire says: "Way to go, Rainbow Crash."
Rainbow Dash says: "Gotcha!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Gotcha!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Gotcha!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ooh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ow!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "maybe not quite so hard."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's better."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Dash might be a hoofful sometimes, but she's the most loyal friend in Equestria."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Even with Rainbow Dash's replacement, I don't think we're gonna qualify."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No offense."
Pinkie Pie says: "Gah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What am I gonna do with all these now?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Applejack says: "Uh, what were you gonna do with them before?"
Rarity says: "Maybe my Equestria Games uniforms will still be in style next year."
Rarity says: "I mean, I am pretty fashion-forward."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Is that Rainbow Dash..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "walking?"
Fleetfoot says: "Does..."
Fleetfoot says: "this mean you're feeling better?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I-I feel great, because..."
Rainbow Dash says: "I was never hurt in the first place."
Rainbow Dash says: "I faked my injury so that I wouldn't have to choose between flying for Ponyville or Cloudsdale."
Rainbow Dash says: "I wanted to fly with you both, and the decision was too hard!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, Rainbow Dash, you don't have to choose us."
Fluttershy says: "I know you love to win, and you should go with the team that surely will."
Rainbow Dash says: "I know now who I should've been loyal to."
Spitfire says: "Good choice."
Spitfire says: "Always stick with the winners."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ponyville."
Rainbow Dash says: "Because it's not just where I live, but it's where my friends are."
Rainbow Dash says: "The ponies who really care about me, whether I can help them win a race or not."
Shadowbolt Leader says: "We want you to join us, the Shadowbolts."
Shadowbolt Leader says: "We're the greatest aerial team in the Everfree Forest, and soon we will be the greatest in all Equestria, but first, we need a captain."
Shadowbolt Leader says: "The most magnificent..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yep."
Shadowbolt Leader says: "..."
Shadowbolt Leader says: "swiftest..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yes."
Shadowbolt Leader says: "..."
Shadowbolt Leader says: "bravest flyer in all the land."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yes."
Rainbow Dash says: "It's all true."
Shadowbolt Leader says: "We need..."
Shadowbolt Leader says: "you."
Rainbow Dash says: "WOO-HOO!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Sign me up."
Rainbow Dash says: "Just let me tie this bridge real quick and then we have a deal."
Shadowbolt Leader says: "No!"
Shadowbolt Leader says: "It's them or us."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow, what's taking so long?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, no."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Don't listen to them!"
Shadowbolt Leader says: "Well?"
Rainbow Dash says: "You..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Thank you for the offer, I mean."
Rainbow Dash says: "But I'm afraid I have to say no."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Good job, Rainbow!"
Rainbow Dash says: "See?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'd never leave my friends hangin'."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's pretty hard not to love a loyal friend like that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you okay?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm sorry, Twilight, but once we got started reminiscing, I guess I just didn't want to stop."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We have had some pretty great times together."
Rainbow Dash says: "You gotta really flap 'em hard."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Whoa!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, maybe not quite that hard."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Whoa!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oof!"
Applejack says: "Lookin' good up there, Princess Twilight."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Applejack, you know you don't have to call me that."
Rarity says: "Why do you protest so?"
Rarity says: "You've already given up wearing your crown all the time."
Rarity says: "The least you can do is embrace your new title."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If other ponies want to address me that way, I suppose it's fine, but..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "not my friends."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It just doesn't feel right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And neither does all this flying business."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Summer Sun Celebration is only two days away, and I'm never gonna be ready to perform my part."
Rainbow Dash says: "Not if you spend all your time down here, you won't!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Now get up there and show everypony the big finish!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Woo-hoo!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Whaaaa!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oof!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oof!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Wow!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That was a big finish!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You guys were amazing!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It was flawless."
Rainbow Dash says: "I can't think of any way that could've been better!"
Smolder says: "We could have won the game."
Rainbow Dash says: "The game was just a sideshow."
Rainbow Dash says: "You guys were the main event!"
Princess Celestia says: "I'm glad to see such good sportsponyship on display."
Princess Celestia says: "Your cheer squad was an inspiration, Rainbow Dash."
Princess Celestia says: "I'll have to start one at my school as well."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wow, Rainbow Dash!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's almost like you were the perfect pony to coach cheer squad after all!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Wait a second."
Rainbow Dash says: "Was this one of those things where you knew the lesson I needed to learn before I learnt it?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You mean like how you don't have to care about a thing other ponies like as long as you care about the ponies who like it?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nope."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Don't know what you're talking about."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh!"
Princess Celestia says: "Nicely done."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, this hasn't exactly been the relaxing spa day I was expecting, but it was pretty great all the same."
Rainbow Dash says: "And it's good to know I can always fall back on a career as a spa pony if the Wonderbolts don't work out."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I wouldn't go that far."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "But..."
Rainbow Dash says: "but seriously."
Rainbow Dash says: "Whew!"