Rarity says: "Ahh!"
Rarity says: "It is gorgeous out."
Rarity says: "Just gorgeous!"
Spike says: "Twi..."
Spike says: "light!"
Spike says: "..."
Spike says: "I..."
Spike says: "have..."
Spike says: "Lemme just..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Dear Twilight, I am sure you are as excited as I am about the upcoming wedding in Canterlot."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I will be presiding over the ceremony, but would very much like you and your friends to help with the preparations for this wonderful occasion."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy, I would like you and your songbird choir to provide the music."
Fluttershy says: "Oh my goodness!"
Fluttershy says: "What an honor!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie Pie, I can think of no one more qualified than you to host the reception."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hip, hip, hooray!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Applejack, you will be in charge of the catering for the reception."
Applejack says: "Well, color me pleased as punch!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I would very much appreciate it if you could perform a sonic rainboom as the bride and groom complete their "I do"'s."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yes!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity, you will be responsible for designing the dresses for the bride and her bridesmaids."
Rarity says: "Princess Celestia wants me to–..."
Rarity says: "wedding dress?"
Rarity says: "For a Canterlot wedding..."
Rarity says: "I, ah, ooh, oooh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And as for you, Twilight, you will be playing the most important role of all: Making sure that everything goes as planned."
Twilight Sparkle says: "See you all very soon."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yours, Princess Celestia."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't understand."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Who's getting married?"
Spike says: "Oh, wait!"
Spike says: "Uh, I was probably supposed to give you this one first."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess Celestia cordially invites you to the wedding of Princess Mi Amore Cadenza and..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "My brother?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Applejack says: "Your brother's getting married?"
Applejack says: "Congratulations, Twilight!"
Applejack says: "That's great news!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yeah, great news."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That I just got from a wedding invitation!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Not from my brother, but from a piece of paper!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thanks a lot, Shining Armor."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I mean, really, he couldn't tell me personally?"
Fluttershy says: "Um, Twilight?"
Fluttershy says: "Are you okay?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sorry, it's just that Shining Armor and I have always been so close."
Twilight Sparkle says: "He's my B."
Twilight Sparkle says: "B."
Twilight Sparkle says: "B."
Twilight Sparkle says: "F."
Twilight Sparkle says: "F!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Big Brother Best Friend Forever?"
Rest of main cast says: "Ohhh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Before I came here and learned the importance of friendship, Shining Armor was the only pony I ever really accepted as a friend."
When I was just a filly, I found it rather silly.
To see how many other ponies I could meet.
I had my books to read, didn't know that I would ever need.
Other ponies to make my life complete.
But there was one colt that I cared for.
I knew he would be there for me.
My big brother, best friend forever!
Like two peas in a pod, we did everything together.
He taught me how to fly a kite Best friend forever!
We never had a single fight We did everything together!
We shared our hopes, we shared our dreams.
I miss him more than I realized.
It seems...
Applejack, Fluttershy, Pinkie Pie, Rainbow Dash, and Rarity.
Your big brother, best friend forever.
Like two peas in a pod, you did everything together.
Twilight Sparkle.
And though he's, oh, so far away.
I hoped that he would stay.
My big brother best friend.
Forever...
Forever...
Applejack says: "As one of your P."
Applejack says: "F."
Applejack says: "F."
Applejack says: "'s..."
Applejack says: "Pony Friends Forever..."
Rest of main cast says: "Ohhh!"
Applejack says: "..."
Applejack says: "I wanna tell you that I think your brother sounds like a real good guy."
Twilight Sparkle says: "He is pretty special."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I mean, they don't let just anypony be captain of the Royal Guard."
Rarity says: "So let me get this straight."
Rarity says: "We're helping out with the wedding of not only a princess, but a captain of the Royal Guard?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I guess we are."
Rarity says: "Ooh, ooh, oooh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "A sonic rainboom?"
Rainbow Dash says: "At a wedding?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Can you say "best wedding ever"?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Best wedding ever!"
Spike says: "So you all get to help with the big fancy wedding, but I'm the one who gets to host the bachelor party!"
Spike says: "I have just one question."
Spike says: "What's a bachelor party?"
Applejack says: "Why the long face, sugarcube?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm just thinking about Shining Armor."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ever since I moved to Ponyville, we've been seeing each other less and less."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And now that he's starting a new family with this "Princess Mi Amore Ca-whatshername", we'll probably never see each other."
Applejack says: "Come on, now."
Applejack says: "You're his sister."
Applejack says: "He'll always make time for you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Couldn't seem to make time to tell me he was getting married."
Pinkie Pie says: "We're here, we're here!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa, what's with all the guards?"
Rarity says: "I'm sure they're just taking the necessary precautions."
Rarity says: "Royal weddings do bring out the strangest ponies."
Rarity says: "Now, let's get going!"
Rarity says: "We've got work to do!"
Applejack says: "And you've got a big brother to go congratulate."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yeah."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Congratulate."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And then give him a piece of my mind."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've got something to say to you, mister."
Shining Armor says: "Twily!"
Shining Armor says: "Ah, I've missed, you, kid."
Shining Armor says: "How was the train ride?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "How dare you not tell me in person that you were getting married!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm your sister, for pony's sake!"
Shining Armor says: "It's not my fault!"
Shining Armor says: "Princess Celestia has requested a major increase in security."
Shining Armor says: "Didn't you see all the guards at the train station?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yeah, there's a big wedding coming up."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe you heard about it?"
Shining Armor says: "It has nothing to do with the wedding."
Shining Armor says: "A threat has been made against Canterlot."
Shining Armor says: "We don't know who's responsible for it, but Princess Celestia asked that I help provide additional protection."
Shining Armor says: "This, you need to see."
Shining Armor says: "The burden of keeping Canterlot safe and secure rests squarely on my shoulders."
Shining Armor says: "Staying focused on the task at hand has been my top priority."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, okay, I get it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You've got a really important job protecting all of Canterlot with a force field only you can conjure up."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But still..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "how could you not tell me about something as big as your wedding?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Am I not that important to you any more?"
Shining Armor says: "Hey."
Shining Armor says: "You're my little sister."
Shining Armor says: "Of course you're important to me."
Shining Armor says: "But I'd understand if you didn't want to be my best mare now."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You want me to be your best mare?"
Shining Armor says: "Well..."
Shining Armor says: "yeah."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'd be honored!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I'm still pretty ticked you're marrying somepony I don't even know!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "When did you even meet this "Princess Mi Amore Cadenza"?"
Shining Armor says: "Twily, Princess Mi Amore Cadenza is Cadance, your old foalsitter."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Cadance?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "As in the Cadance?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "As in the greatest foalsitter in all the history of foalsitters?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Shining Armor says: "You tell me."
Shining Armor says: "She was your foalsitter."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ohmygoshohmygosh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Cadance is only the most amazing pony ever!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "She's beautiful, she's caring, she's kind..."
Young Twilight Sparkle says: "I am so lucky to have you as my foalsitter!"
Young Cadance says: "I'm the one who's lucky, Twilight."
Young Twilight Sparkle says: "You're a princess."
Young Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm just a regular old unicorn."
Young Cadance says: "You are anything but a regular old unicorn."
Young Twilight says: "Sunshine, sunshine, ladybugs awake!"
Young Cadance says: "Sunshine, sunshine, ladybugs awake!"
Young Twilight says: "Clap your hooves and do a little shake!"
Young Cadance says: "Clap your hooves and do a little shake!"
Wild Fire says: "I am going for a hooficure and that is that!"
Wild Fire says: "I am!"
Wild Fire says: "I am!"
Lucky Clover says: "I've already paid for three this month!"
Wild Fire says: "I..."
Wild Fire says: "no!"
Wild Fire says: "My girlfriends are all getting their hooves done!"
Lucky Clover says: "Oh!"
Lucky Clover says: "Ho, ho, ho."
Wild Fire says: "Oh, sweetie."
Wild Fire says: "You just did that face."
Twilight Sparkle says: "How many unicorns can just spread love wherever they go?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I only know of one!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And you're marrying her!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're marrying Cadance!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're marrying Cadance!"
Princess Cadance says: "I hope I'm not interrupting anything important."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Cadance!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sunshine, sunshine, ladybugs awake!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Clap your hooves and do a little shake!"
Princess Cadance says: "What are you doing?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Cadance, it's me, Twilight!"
Princess Cadance says: "Uh-huh."
Shining Armor says: "I've gotta get back to my station, but Cadance will be checking in with all of you to see how things are going."
Shining Armor says: "I think I speak for both of us when I say we couldn't be more excited to have you here."
Shining Armor says: "Right, dear?"
Princess Cadance says: "Absolutely."
Shining Armor says: "Well, we'll let you get to it."
Applejack says: "Cake, check."
Applejack says: "Ice sculpture, check."
Applejack says: "Best darn bite-size apple fritter you ever tasted..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Mmm."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Check."
Applejack says: "Hiya, Princess!"
Princess Cadance says: "Please, call me Princess Mi Amore Cadenza."
Applejack says: "Hiya, Princess Mi Amore Cadenza."
Applejack says: "You come to check out what's on the menu for your big day?"
Princess Cadance says: "I have!"
Applejack says: "Aw, shucks."
Applejack says: "Why don't you take a few to go?"
Applejack says: "I know how you brides can be."
Applejack says: "So busy, you forget to get a little somethin' in your belly."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Did..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "you see what she..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, you should have seen how she acted back there."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know when she changed, but she changed!"
Twilight Sparkle says: ""Please, call me Princess Mi Amore Cadenza."
Princess Cadance says: "Did I hear someone say my name?"
Rarity says: "Your highness!"
Rarity says: "Let me just start by saying what an honor it is to play a role in such a momentous occasion."
Princess Cadance says: "Uh-huh."
Princess Cadance says: "Is my dress ready?"
Rarity says: "Yes, of course."
Rarity says: "Um, I've been working on it ever since I was given the assignment, and I think you'll be pleased with the results!"
Rarity says: "Mmm!"
Princess Cadance says: "I was hoping for something with more beading and a longer train."
Rarity says: "Oh, yes, of course."
Princess Cadance says: "And those should be a different color."
Twinkleshine says: "I think they're lovely."
Minuette says: "Me too!"
Lyra Heartstrings says: "I love them."
Princess Cadance says: "Make them a different color."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Gee, maybe her name should be "Princess Demandy-pants."
Pinkie Pie says: "Okay, let me see."
Pinkie Pie says: "We've been over the games..."
Pinkie Pie says: "..."
Pinkie Pie says: "the dances..."
Pinkie Pie says: "I think this reception is gonna be perfect!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Don't you?"
Princess Cadance says: "Perfect!"
Princess Cadance says: "..."
Princess Cadance says: "If we were celebrating a six-year-old's birthday party."
Pinkie Pie says: "Thank you!"
Princess Luna says: "Rest, my sister."
Princess Luna says: "As always, I will guard the night."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Bet I can guess what you're all thinking."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Cadance is the absolute worst bride-to-be ever."
Spike says: "Who, me?"
Applejack says: "Spike!"
Applejack says: "That goes on the cake."
Rarity says: "Twilight, whatever are you talking about?"
Rarity says: "Cadance is an absolute gem!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity, she was so demanding!"
Rarity says: "Well, of course she is!"
Rarity says: "Why shouldn't she expect the very best on her wedding day?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Applejack, did you know that after she told you how much she just 'love-love-loved' your hors d'eouvres, she threw them in the trash?"
Applejack says: "Aw, she was probably just trying to spare my feelin's."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No, she was just being fake and totally insincere!"
Fluttershy says: "She did raise her voice at one of my birds during rehearsal."
Twilight Sparkle says: "See?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rude!"
Fluttershy says: "But he was singing really off-key."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Never mind."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow Dash, you're with me, right?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Sorry, Twi."
Rainbow Dash says: "Been too busy prepping for my sonic rainboom to pay much attention to the bride's bad attitude."
Rarity says: "The princess is about to get married."
Rarity says: "I'm sure any negative behavior she might be displaying is simply the result of nerves."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And I'm sure it's the result of being an awful pony who doesn't deserve to even know Shining Armor, let alone marry him!"
Applejack says: "Think maybe you're bein' just a tiny bit possessive of your brother?"
Rest of main cast says: "Uh-huh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I am not being possessive, and I am not taking it out on Cadance!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're all just too caught up in your wedding planning to notice that maybe there shouldn't even  be a wedding!"
Shining Armor says: "Twily!"
Shining Armor says: "Your big brother's looking pretty good, don't you think?"
Shining Armor says: "Huh."
Shining Armor says: "Everything okay?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We need to talk."
Shining Armor says: "Oh, uh, hi, sweetie."
Twilight Sparkle says: "She sure has a way of sneaking up on people."
Princess Cadance says: "Could I speak to you for a moment, dear?"
Shining Armor says: "Better see what she wants."
Princess Cadance says: "Look, we need to talk."
Shining Armor says: "I'm here to talk."
Princess Cadance says: "It's about your sister, okay?"
Princess Cadance says: "alright?"
Shining Armor says: "I'm listening, I'm listening."
Princess Cadance says: "I thought I made it perfectly clear I didn't want you to wear that."
Shining Armor says: "This was my favorite uncle's."
Princess Cadance says: "And?"
Shining Armor says: "And I think I should wear it."
Princess Cadance says: "Are you disagreeing with me?"
Shining Armor says: "I guess I am– Ah!"
Princess Cadance says: "Oh, dear."
Princess Cadance says: "Are you getting another one of your headaches?"
Shining Armor says: "Gyah!"
Princess Cadance says: "Feeling better?"
Shining Armor says: "Mm-hmm."
Twilight Sparkle says: "She isn't just unpleasant and rude."
Twilight Sparkle says: "She's downright evil!"
Shining Armor says: "Twilight!"
Princess Cadance says: "Let her go."
Shining Armor says: "Huh."
Shining Armor says: "It seemed like she had something else she wanted to tell me."
Princess Luna says: "Who goes there?"
Princess Luna says: "Stay indoors, Twilight Sparkle."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Shining Armor's in real trouble!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Dresses?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What are you–?"
Fluttershy says: "Can you believe it?"
Fluttershy says: "We're gonna be Princess Mi Amore Cadenza's new bridesmaids!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "New bridesmaids?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What happened to her old bridesmaids?"
Applejack says: "She didn't say."
Applejack says: "But she did tell us that she would love-love-love it if we'd fill in for them."
Rarity says: "Seeing as we've been working so hard and everything."
Applejack says: "And you had your doubts about her."
Rarity says: "Told you she was an absolute gem!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You sure this is what I should wear?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Doesn't seem all that aerodynamic."
Rarity says: "Hmm."
Rarity says: "I'll see what I can do."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Looks like I really am on my own."
Princess Celestia says: "Perfect, girls."
Princess Celestia says: "No need to rush."
Princess Celestia says: "Then of course, Cadance will enter."
Wagner's "Bridal Chorus" plays.
Princess Celestia says: "I'll say a few words, and then we'll begin with the vows."
Princess Celestia says: "Shining Armor, you'll get the ring from your best mare."
Spike says: "I do!"
Shining Armor says: "Hey..."
Shining Armor says: "has anypony seen Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm here!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm not gonna stand next to her!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And neither should you!"
Shining Armor says: "I'm sorry, I..."
Shining Armor says: "I don't know why she's acting like this."
Princess Cadance says: "Maybe we should just ignore her."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You have to listen to me!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, goodness!"
Fluttershy says: "Are you okay?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm fine."
Applejack says: "Ya sure about that?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've got something to say!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "She's evil!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "She's been horrible to my friends, she's obviously done something to her bridesmaids, and if that wasn't enough, I saw her put a spell on my brother that made his eyes go all!"
Princess Cadance says: "Why are you doing this to me?!"
Princess Cadance says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Because you're evil!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Evil!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And if I don't stop you, you're gonna ruin my brother's life!"
Shining Armor says: "You want to know why my eyes went all?"
Shining Armor says: "Nuh!"
Shining Armor says: "Because ever since I started having to perform my protection spell, I've been getting terrible migraines."
Shining Armor says: "Cadance hasn't been casting spells on me."
Shining Armor says: "She's been using her magic to heal me!"
Shining Armor says: "And she decided to replace her bridesmaids because she found out the only reason they wanted to be in the wedding was so that they could meet Canterlot royalty!"
Shining Armor says: "And if she hasn't been on her best behavior with your  friends, it's because with me being so busy, she's had to make all the decisions about the wedding!"
Shining Armor says: "She's been completely stressed out because it's really important to her that our big day be perfect!"
Shining Armor says: "Something that obviously wasn't important to you!"
Shining Armor says: "Now if you'll excuse me, I have to go and comfort my bride."
Shining Armor says: "And you can forget about being my best mare."
Shining Armor says: "In fact, if I were you, I wouldn't show up to the wedding at all."
Applejack says: "C'mon, y'all."
Applejack says: "Let's go check on the princess."
Princess Celestia says: "You have a lot to think about."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe I was being overprotective."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I could've gained a sister."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But instead..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just lost a brother."
He was my big brother, best friend.
Forever...
And now, we'll never do anything.
Together...
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sorry!"
Princess Cadance says: "You will be."
To be continued...