Twilight Sparkle says: "Wow, Applejack!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you sure you've never managed a concert before?"
Applejack says: "Well, it turns out doin' up a concert's the same as settin' up a rodeo."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And thanks to Pinkie's connections organizing the Ponypalooza Rock Concert, we've got quite a lineup for the Helping Hooves Music Festival."
Pinkie Pie says: "Twilight!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Applejack!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Rainbow Dash!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Rarity!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Fluttershy!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Spike!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Pinkie Pie!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh wait, that's me."
Pinkie Pie says: "Everypony!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What is it, Pinkie?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I have the most amazing news ever!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It is totally gonna freak your frizz!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, spill it, Pinkie!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It wasn't easy."
Pinkie Pie says: "In fact, it was terribly difficult."
Pinkie Pie says: "But I have managed to book the biggest pony pop star in all of Equestria as the main attraction of the Helping Hooves Music Festival!"
Applejack says: "Sapphire Shores?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Sapphire Shores?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Please!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Sapphire Shores is merely the second biggest pony pop star in Equestria."
Pinkie Pie says: "I have booked the one, the only, Countess Coloratura!"
Fluttershy says: "Ahhh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ahhh..."
Rarity says: "Ahhh..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ahhh..."
Applejack says: "Who in the hay is Countess Coloratura?"
Pinkie Pie says: "My frizz has been freaked!"
Applejack says: "Pinkie Pie, who is this Countess Coloratura pony?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Uh, I just told you that she's the biggest pony pop star in Equestria!"
Pinkie Pie says: "How-how-how-how-how have you not heard of her?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Applejack says: "Don't know."
Applejack says: "Though I did know a gal named Coloratura when I was just a filly."
Applejack says: "Wouldn't it just be the funniest thing if that Coloratura and this Coloratura were the same Coloratura?"
Applejack says: "Heh."
Pinkie Pie says: "Do you mean to tell me that you actually know Countess Coloratura?"
Applejack says: "Well, I don't think it's the same pony, since my friend wasn't any sort of high-falutin' countess."
Pinkie Pie says: "Do you remember her cutie mark?"
Applejack says: "Sure do."
Applejack says: "It had this super colorful bunch of musical notes that just shimmered in the light."
Pinkie Pie says: "You mean..."
Pinkie Pie says: "like this?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Applejack says: "Well, fancy that!"
Applejack says: "That there's the very same cutie mark!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Do you have any idea the number of hoops I had to jump through to get her to perform at the festival?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "A whole lot of hoops!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That pony is very demanding!"
Applejack says: "Nah."
Pinkie Pie says: "Yah!"
Rarity says: "I completely understand."
Rarity says: "We artistes require certain necessities in order to do our best work."
Applejack says: "This was clearly some sort of misunderstandin', 'cause Rara was just as down home as me!"
Fluttershy says: "Rara?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Rara?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Rara?!"
Rarity says: "Rara?!"
Royal Riff says: "Rara?!"
Spike says: "Rara?!"
Sprinkle Medley says: "Rara?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rara?!"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rarity says: "!"
Royal Riff says: "!"
Spike says: "!"
Sprinkle Medley says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Applejack says: "Even that big name was too fancy for her, so I shortened Coloratura to "Rara"!"
Applejack says: "We had the best time at Camp Friendship!"
Applejack says: "Rara was just so easygoin'!"
Applejack says: "We were like two apples from the same branch."
Applejack says: "Rara and I prepared this song for the camp talent show."
Applejack says: "When we performed, she belted it out, singin' in the most colorful, clear voice I'd ever heard!"
Young Coloratura.
Equestria, the land I love.
A land of harmony.
Our flag does wave from high above.
For ponykind to see.
Equestria, a land of friends.
Where ponykind do roam.
They say true friendship never ends.
Equestria, my home.
Applejack says: "After camp, we wrote to each other for a bit, but..."
Applejack says: "..."
Applejack says: "then we lost touch."
Applejack says: "But Rara always did want to go to Manehattan to try and make it big."
Applejack says: "But a demandin' diva?"
Applejack says: "Just you wait, Pinkie."
Applejack says: "Once Rara gets here, you'll see she's just a plain old pony like you and me."
Pinkie Pie says: "I don't have to wait – she's here!"
Applejack says: "Really?"
Applejack says: "Rara?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Countess Coloratura!"
Svengallop says: "Clear the way!"
Svengallop says: "Stand back!"
Svengallop says: "Keep your hooves and tail to yourselves!"
Applejack says: "No..."
Applejack says: "that can't be her."
Applejack says: "Um..."
Applejack says: "hi."
Applejack says: "Remember me?"
Applejack says: "We met at Camp Friendship?"
Applejack says: "I gave you the nickname "Rara"?"
Coloratura says: "AJ?"
Applejack says: "Yeah!"
Applejack says: "Heh."
Applejack says: "Howdy, Rara!"
Coloratura says: "Hoofsies!"
Rarity says: "Ooh, you got hoofsies from Countess Coloratura!"
Rarity says: "Look!"
Rarity says: "Ooh, she clearly thinks you're very special!"
Coloratura says: "Hoofsies!"
Coloratura says: "Hoofsies!"
Coloratura says: "Hoofsies!"
Applejack says: "Yeah..."
Applejack says: "real special."
Svengallop says: "Now that's how you make an entrance!"
Svengallop says: "Big, bold, absolutely stunning!"
Svengallop says: "Though it was muddied a bit with your interaction with that dusty farmpony."
Svengallop says: "Do you actually know her?"
Coloratura says: "Oh, yeah, that's my childhood fillyfriend AJ!"
Coloratura says: "She was the one that started calling me Rara."
Svengallop says: "Oh, yes, how cute and..."
Svengallop says: "common."
Svengallop says: "Of course, I was the one that started calling you Countess, and just look at how you've moved up in Equestria since then!"
Svengallop says: "Why, you've gotten everything you've ever wanted!"
Svengallop says: "Speaking of which, where is the pony Pinkie Pie?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm the pony Pinkie Pie, Mr."
Pinkie Pie says: "Manager, sir!"
Svengallop says: "Do you have the water imported from Rainbow Falls that I requested for Countess Coloratura?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I have twenty glass containers full right here!"
Svengallop says: "Did I not tell you to provide straws in all of Countess Coloratura's beverages?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Uh, I don't think so."
Pinkie Pie says: "But lucky for you, I have the biggest straw collection in Equestria!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I call this straw Fernando."
Svengallop says: "Hm."
Svengallop says: "Let us confirm that you acquired the rest of the items that Countess Coloratura requested before she performs her run-through, shall we?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh, we shall!"
Svengallop says: "Floral arrangements from the royal Canterlot gardens..."
Svengallop says: "Chocolate éclairs made by Gustave le Grand..."
Svengallop says: "A selection of crystals from the Crystal Empire..."
Svengallop says: "Freshly picked cherries from Cherry Jubilee's farm separated red from yellow..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Abso-toot-ly!"
Svengallop says: "Well, by some miracle, your requests have been reasonably met."
Svengallop says: "So let us move on..."
Svengallop says: "to rehearsal!"
Pinkie Pie says: "See, Applejack?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Demanding!"
Applejack says: "Pinkie's right, Rarity!"
Applejack says: "The Rara I knew didn't hide behind a veil givin' out fake stamp kisses, sippin' up imported water, and needin' her cherries separated."
Rarity says: "Oh, I do understand."
Rarity says: "Sometimes it's hard to see our friends change."
Applejack says: "She's become a whole other pony!"
Rarity says: "Trust me."
Rarity says: "Once you see Countess Coloratura perform, you simply won't believe it!"
Coloratura.
Time for the spectacle.
Time for the show.
The lights are bright and the colors glow.
I'm not just anypony.
I think you know.
The time is now, it's about to blow!
Razzle dazzle.
Glitz and glam.
Turn it all up, it's a spectacle.
Razzle dazzle.
Glitz and glam.
Turn it all up, it's a spectacle.
Give me more.
Razzle dazzle.
Glitter eyes, big surprise.
Lights, cameras.
Razzle dazzle.
Glitz and glam.
Turn it all up, it's a spectacle.
Hear the applause.
Here to impress.
Not just a pony, I am the Countess!
Applejack says: "Rarity was right!"
Applejack says: "I don't believe it!"
Svengallop says: "Oh, my shining star!"
Svengallop says: "Thanks to the sparkling costumes, dazzling choreography, and brilliant vocal effects that I designed, your performance was spectacular, Countess Coloratura!"
Coloratura says: "Oh, , thank you, Svengallop!"
Applejack says: "Correct me if I'm wrong here, but that feller isn't actually complimentin' Rara."
Applejack says: "He's complimentin' all the bells and whistles he's piled on to make her Countess Coloratura."
Rarity says: "Oh, no-no-no-no-no, you don't understand, Applejack."
Rarity says: "Creating all those elements is a lot of work, and Countess Coloratura's performance wouldn't exist without them."
Applejack says: "If you ask me, that wouldn't necessarily be a bad thing."
Coloratura says: "Oh, if we're all done here, I'd love to go back to my trailer and rest, Svengallop."
Pinkie Pie says: "Actually, right now you're scheduled for your meet and greet with the schoolponies!"
Svengallop says: "Ugh."
Svengallop says: "I can totally get you out of meeting with the schoolponies, Countess."
Coloratura says: "Absolutely not."
Coloratura says: "My favorite part of any event is meeting with the schoolponies!"
Applejack says: "The schoolponies'll be so happy to hear that, Rara!"
Coloratura says: "Ponyville schoolponies!"
Coloratura says: "As part of the Helping Hooves Music Festival, I'm holding a contest where some of you will get a chance to sing with me onstage at the concert tomorrow!"
Coloratura says: "Sound fun?"
Coloratura says: "Alright!"
Coloratura says: "Now who wants more hoofsies?"
Applejack says: "Now that's more like the Rara I remember."
Pinkie Pie says: "But..."
Pinkie Pie says: "I got everything you requested!"
Svengallop says: "That was for Countess Coloratura!"
Svengallop says: "This is for me!"
Svengallop says: "And what I want is premium oats!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Well, we have lots of tasty oats right here in Ponyville!"
Svengallop says: "I would not feed those to a chicken!"
Svengallop says: "I want top-of-the-line Appleloosan oats!"
Svengallop says: "Next, it appears that we are surrounded by apple trees."
Svengallop says: "Bring me five hundred pre-peeled, pre-cored apples, and I want those things in twenty-four hours!"
Pinkie Pie says: "But that's impossible!"
Svengallop says: "Do you want me to pull Countess Coloratura from your little podunk charity show?!"
Svengallop says: "!"
Svengallop says: "Because I will!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Applejack!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Svengallop just made all of these new demands and he said—"
Applejack says: "I heard, Pinkie."
Applejack says: "But don't you fret."
Applejack says: "I'll talk to Rara and fix things right up."
Apple Bloom says: "Did'ja see, sis?!"
Apple Bloom says: "!"
Apple Bloom says: "Did'ja see?!"
Apple Bloom says: "!"
Coloratura says: "Is this the little sister you wrote to me about, AJ?"
Apple Bloom says: "Hold on, Applejack."
Apple Bloom says: "You wrote to Countess Coloratura about me?!"
Apple Bloom says: "!"
Coloratura says: "AJ said you were the best little sister ever, Apple Bloom!"
Applejack says: "Alright now, you'd best get along, little ponies."
Applejack says: "Uh..."
Applejack says: "Hey, Rara, you mind if I talk to you about your manager?"
Coloratura says: "Sure, what about him?"
Applejack says: "Well, while you were meetin' with the schoolponies, he was demandin' all sorts of stuff from Pinkie Pie."
Coloratura says: "Svengallop works very hard as my manager, AJ, so if he needs some things when we're on the road, I don't see anything wrong with that."
Applejack says: "Well, do you see somethin' wrong with him tellin' Pinkie that if she doesn't get those things by tomorrow, he'd pull you from our charity festival?"
Coloratura says: "What?"
Coloratura says: "But he knows how important charity is to me, and leaving the festival would completely ruin my image!"
Applejack says: "I'm afraid Svengallop doesn't give a pickled pippin about your charity work."
Coloratura says: "That's not true!"
Coloratura says: "Svengallop has always supported me in all my interests."
Coloratura says: "You're just saying those things because you're jealous!"
Applejack says: "Jealous of what?"
Applejack says: "A pony who hides behind a veil so thick she can't see when somepony's usin' her?"
Applejack says: "No, I'm not jealous of that, Rara!"
Coloratura says: "I am not Rara!"
Coloratura says: "I am Countess Coloratura!"
Coloratura says: "And while we may have been friends when we were young, we have clearly gone in different directions!"
Applejack says: "It just ain't right!"
Applejack says: "He's manipulatin' her, and she's just not seein' it!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Enough stewin', more peelin'!"
Applejack says: "Sorry, Pinkie, but there is no way I'm lettin' that lousy Svengallop use my friend like that!"
Applejack says: "Countess Coloratura!"
Coloratura says: "Wow, AJ, you said my real name."
Applejack says: "I said your new name, but I saw the real you hangin' out with those schoolponies yesterday."
Applejack says: "And I know somepony that'd prefer if you stop doin' those little events."
Coloratura says: "Ugh, not this again."
Applejack says: "Come on now."
Applejack says: "You've just got to give me a chance to prove what I'm sayin' is true."
Coloratura says: "And just how are you going to do that?"
Applejack says: "Do exactly what I say."
Applejack says: "We'll see if that Svengallop truly has your best interests at heart."
Coloratura says: "Svengallop?"
Coloratura says: "Svengallop!"
Coloratura says: "Where are you, Svengallop?"
Svengallop says: "Here I am!"
Svengallop says: "Did you need something?"
Coloratura says: "Yes, I was..."
Coloratura says: "considering..."
Coloratura says: "m-maybe cancelling the contest with the schoolponies..."
Coloratura says: "?"
Svengallop says: "Countess, this is wonderful!"
Svengallop says: "I've been waiting forever for you to cancel that pointless schoolpony contest."
Coloratura says: "You..."
Coloratura says: "have?"
Svengallop says: "You do it at every charity event, and it does absolutely nothing to promote the Countess Coloratura image that I built!"
Svengallop says: "Consider it cancelled."
Svengallop says: "Pinkie Pie!"
Svengallop says: "We are making some adjustments to the show."
Svengallop says: "Follow me!"
Svengallop says: "Cancel the contest for the fillies and schedule me a spa treatment."
Svengallop says: "Now that I don't have to oversee a rehearsal with those brats, I have time for the works!"
Svengallop says: "You know the drill!"
Svengallop says: "Deliver, or the diva ditches your dippy charity!"
Svengallop says: "Okay, Countess Coloratura, all taken care of!"
Svengallop says: "You know the drill!"
Svengallop says: "Deliver, or the diva ditches your dippy charity!"
Coloratura says: "So that's how you've been managing things?"
Svengallop says: "Yeah, so?"
Svengallop says: "What's the problem?"
Coloratura says: "The problem is, is you've been using my name to intimidate ponies to get what you want!"
Svengallop says: "But I work incredibly hard for you!"
Svengallop says: "I deserve everything I get!"
Coloratura says: "But not because you scare ponies into thinking I won't perform for their charities otherwise!"
Coloratura says: "I would never do that to my fans!"
Coloratura says: "Which is why you should have known that I would never cancel the schoolponies' contest!"
Svengallop says: "Hmph."
Svengallop says: "All this charity and schoolpony contest nonsense is just remnants of that boring little Rara I met back in Manehattan!"
Coloratura says: "You clearly don't understand the real me!"
Svengallop says: "Ha, that's a joke!"
Svengallop says: "I made you somepony!"
Svengallop says: "What can you even do without me?"
Svengallop says: "Good luck, Countess Coloratura!"
Svengallop says: "Good luck."
Applejack says: "Oh, Rara, I'm so sorry."
Applejack says: "Are you gonna be okay for the concert tonight?"
Coloratura says: "Of course."
Coloratura says: "After all, the show must go on!"
Coloratura says: "Oh, my gosh, Rarity, Svengallop's right!"
Coloratura says: "This is gonna be a disaster!"
Coloratura says: "I'm gonna be terrible!"
Applejack says: "Can you give us a minute, Rarity?"
Rarity says: "Certainly."
Applejack says: "Now, why's it gonna be so terrible?"
Coloratura says: "Because Svengallop was in charge of everything!"
Coloratura says: "The lights, the visuals, the sound!"
Coloratura says: "Without Svengallop, I have nothing!"
Applejack says: "Now, now, don't go gettin' yourself into a tizzy there, Rara."
Applejack says: "Svengallop turned you into Countess Coloratura and acted like your friend so he could enjoy the perks that came with bein' a star."
Applejack says: "But the real perk of friendship is gettin' to see your friend bein' true to their self."
Applejack says: "And Rara, when you're simply yourself, you're the brightest star I've ever seen shine."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Good evening, everypony!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Welcome to opening night of the Helping Hooves Music Festival!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now it is my great honor to introduce you to our headlining act – Countess Coloratura!"
Coloratura says: "This song may be familiar, but yet, it's totally different."
Coloratura says: "Kind of like me, Rara."
Coloratura.
I'm here to show you who I am.
Throw off the veil, it's finally time.
There's more to me than glitz and glam, oh-whoa.
And now I feel my stars align.
For I had believed what I was sold.
I did all the things that I was told.
But all that has changed, and now I'm bold.
That I am just a pony.
I make mistakes from time to time.
But now I know the real me.
And put my heart out on the line.
And let the magic in my heart stay true.
Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa.
And let the magic in my heart stay true.
Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa.
Just like the magic inside of you.
And now I see those colors.
Right before my eyes.
I hear my voice so clearly.
And I know that it is right.
They thought I was weak, but I am strong.
They sold me the world, but they were wrong.
And now that I'm back, I still belong.
That I am just a pony.
I make mistakes from time to time.
But now I know the real me.
And put my heart out on the line.
And let the magic in my heart stay true.
Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa.
And let the magic in my heart stay true.
Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa.
Just like the magic inside of you.
Just like the magic inside of you...
Coloratura says: "Thank you, everypony!"
Coloratura says: "When I arrived at the Helping Hooves Music Festival, I had forgotten who I really was!"
Coloratura says: "But then an old friend reminded me what real friendship is about, and she told me that if I was true to myself, I couldn't go wrong!"
Coloratura says: "So I have a very special surprise for her."
Coloratura says: "Apple Bloom, Sweetie Belle, Scootaloo, come on up!"
Coloratura and Cutie Mark Crusaders.
Equestria, the land I love.
A land of harmony.
Our flag does wave from high above.
For ponykind to see.
Equestria, a land of friends.
Where ponykind do roam.
They say true friendship never ends.
Equestria, my home.