Fluttershy says: "Oh!"
Fluttershy says: "I just stopped by to thank you for letting me borrow your Daring Do books."
Fluttershy says: "I love them!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Wait 'til you get to Daring Do and the Riddle of the Sphinx!"
Fluttershy says: "This is actually my second time through!"
Fluttershy says: "I read them all!"
Fluttershy says: "From Daring Do and the Sapphire Statue to Daring Do and the Fallen Idol!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Fallen Idol?"
Rainbow Dash says: "That's not in the series."
Fluttershy says: "Oh."
Fluttershy says: "It just came out last week."
Fluttershy says: "Maybe that's why you haven't heard of it?"
Rainbow Dash says: "No way Daring Do's biggest fan – me – would miss a book coming out!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Besides, A."
Rainbow Dash says: "K."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yearling always sends me a copy."
Fluttershy says: "Well, I'm happy to let you borrow mine until yours arrives."
Rainbow Dash says: ""The true story of the thieving fraud known as Daring Do"?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Why would A."
Rainbow Dash says: "K."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yearling write that about herself?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh."
Fluttershy says: "It looks like she didn't."
Fluttershy says: "This book says it's by Groom Q."
Fluttershy says: "Q."
Fluttershy says: "Martingale."
Rainbow Dash says: "Who?"
Fluttershy says: "I guess he's a new writer."
Rainbow Dash says: "A bad one."
Rainbow Dash says: ""The only thing worse than Daring Do's destruction of temples is her cruelty to the mild-mannered Dr."
Rainbow Dash says: "Caballeron"?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "It was written from his point of view."
Fluttershy says: "I figured it was an artistic choice."
Rainbow Dash says: "More like a disaster!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Listen!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We're the only ones who know Daring Do is really A."
Rainbow Dash says: "K."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yearling in disguise."
Rainbow Dash says: "But if other ponies read this book, how long will it take them to figure that out?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We have to go warn her!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Fluttershy!"
Fluttershy says: "Hm?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh."
Fluttershy says: "Sorry."
Rainbow Dash says: "A."
Rainbow Dash says: "K."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yearling is signing all her books at the bookstore today."
Rainbow Dash says: "We can warn her about what's going on."
Fluttershy says: "Don't you think you should read Martingale's book first?"
Fluttershy says: "Just to hear both sides of the story?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, why?"
Rainbow Dash says: "The only true thing in that pack of lies is that Daring Do is real."
Fluttershy says: "There's also a lot of insight into Dr."
Fluttershy says: "Caballeron's life choices."
Fluttershy says: "Did you know he's actually a history professor and amateur bird watcher?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Are you serious right now?"
Rainbow Dash says: "A random writer trashes our friend and exposes her secret, and you want to talk about birds?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "Also spider cruelty."
Rainbow Dash says: "What?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "You have to admit Daring Do wrecks a lot of spider webs in her adventures."
Rainbow Dash says: "In order to save precious artifacts from the bad guy, who you seem to have forgotten is Dr."
Rainbow Dash says: "Caballeron!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Are you sure you read the same series I did?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, at least A."
Rainbow Dash says: "K."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yearling's true fans know Martingale's book is bogus."
Fluttershy says: "I'm not sure those are all fans."
Pony 1 says: "Why didn't your books say Daring Do was real?"
Pony 1 says: "This changes everything!"
Pony 2 says: "And why do you only write about her good side?"
Pony 2 says: "Is she bribing you?"
Pony 1 says: "On page five-thirty-one, it says that Daring Do kicks puppies!"
"Peach Fuzz" says: "She does?!"
"Peach Fuzz" says: "!"
A. K. Yearling says: "What?!"
A. K. Yearling says: "!"
A. K. Yearling says: "No!"
A. K. Yearling says: "Look, are any of you here for my actual book signing?"
Pony 2 says: "Uh-uh."
Pony 2 says: "Frankly, I don't even know how you can call it fiction if it's all real."
Pony 2 says: "You're as much a fake as Daring Do!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I..."
Rainbow Dash says: "guess we're a little late to warn you about the new book, huh?"
A. K. Yearling says: "I always feared that someday everypony would learn Daring Do was real."
Fluttershy says: "But why?"
Fluttershy says: "Aren't you proud of your adventures?"
A. K. Yearling says: "Of course, but I'm not in it for the fame."
A. K. Yearling says: "The stories just seemed too good to keep to myself."
A. K. Yearling says: "I wish I knew who this Martingale author was and why he's determined to ruin my character."
A. K. Yearling says: "And me."
Fluttershy says: "Maybe we can ask him."
Rainbow Dash says: "No way!"
Rainbow Dash says: "He's doing a signing across the street?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
A. K. Yearling says: "You'd better go without me."
A. K. Yearling says: "I can't risk the chance Martingale might recognize me as Daring Do."
Fluttershy says: "Oops."
Fluttershy says: "Um, sorry."
Fluttershy says: "E-Excuse us."
Rainbow Dash says: "That's not Martingale!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's Dr."
Rainbow Dash says: "Caballeron in disguise!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Now it all makes sense!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Daring Do's archnemesis created a fake author self so he can write books that make him sound like a hero!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Who does that?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "Uh, A."
Fluttershy says: "K."
Fluttershy says: "Yearling?"
Rainbow Dash says: "This is totally different."
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, well, well!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Up to your old tricks again, huh?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Just like in Somnambula!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Spreading lies to make Daring Do look bad!"
Fluttershy says: "Would you sign our book?"
Groom Q. Q. Martingale says: "I am just a simple author telling it like it is."
Groom Q. Q. Martingale says: "Who should I make it out to?"
Fluttershy says: "Fluttershy."
Fluttershy says: "With two "T"'s."
Rainbow Dash says: "We know who you really are!"
Rainbow Dash says: "And unless you want us to tell all of them, you'd better answer some questions!"
Groom Q. Q. Martingale says: "I'm afraid that's all we have time for today."
Ponies says: "Awwww..."
Groom Q. Q. Martingale says: "But please take a free copy of my book on your way out."
Rainbow Dash says: "We aren't gonna let you get away with this, Caballeron!"
Groom Q. Q. Martingale says: "Get away with what?"
Groom Q. Q. Martingale says: "I am merely telling my side of the story."
Rainbow Dash says: "You mean lying!"
Groom Q. Q. Martingale says: "You think everything in A."
Groom Q. Q. Martingale says: "K."
Groom Q. Q. Martingale says: "Yearling's books are true?"
Groom Q. Q. Martingale says: "In Daring Do and the Quetzal's Quest, she states that the Fangthorn Flowers are red when in fact they are blue!"
Fluttershy says: "It's true."
Fluttershy says: "They are."
Rainbow Dash says: "That sounds like more of an editor's mistake."
Groom Q. Q. Martingale says: "Still, if that is wrong, is it not possible that other, bigger things are, too?"
Groom Q. Q. Martingale says: "Take a look."
Groom Q. Q. Martingale says: "It's in my book."
Rainbow Dash says: "But I don't have to take your word for it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "C'mon, Fluttershy!"
Fluttershy says: "Is something wrong?"
Groom Q. Q. Martingale says: "It is terrible being misunderstood."
Groom Q. Q. Martingale says: "It is true in the past I have not been as nice to Daring Do as I should."
Groom Q. Q. Martingale says: "But I have my reasons!"
Fluttershy says: "Want to talk about what happened?"
Groom Q. Q. Martingale says: "My team and I were only ever interested in researching artifacts and taking them to our museum where..."
Groom Q. Q. Martingale says: "..."
Groom Q. Q. Martingale says: "other ponies could study them."
Groom Q. Q. Martingale says: "But Daring Do always seemed to get there first with her own plans."
Groom Q. Q. Martingale says: "I offered to team up with her, but she refused."
Groom Q. Q. Martingale says: "She had her own ideas of where the treasures belonged."
Fluttershy says: "Daring Do did have a lot of artifacts on her shelves at home."
Fluttershy says: "But didn't you try to sell them to the highest bidder?"
Groom Q. Q. Martingale says: "Only because I had to."
Groom Q. Q. Martingale says: "Since Daring Do kept taking our artifacts, our museum closed."
Groom Q. Q. Martingale says: "We were desperate for money to keep it open."
Fluttershy says: "She does destroy a lot of ancient sites."
Fluttershy says: "Not to mention the homes of the animals that live there."
Groom Q. Q. Martingale says: "And I felt it was my duty to tell the world."
Groom Q. Q. Martingale says: "Thank you for listening and understanding, Miss..."
Fluttershy says: "Fluttershy."
Fluttershy says: "Two "T"'s."
Dr. Caballeron says: "And I am Dr."
Dr. Caballeron says: "Caballeron."
Dr. Caballeron says: ""Martingale" is merely a nom de plume to build my brand."
Dr. Caballeron says: "You know, my team could use an insightful Pegasus like you, Fluttershy."
Dr. Caballeron says: "Have you ever thought of being..."
Dr. Caballeron says: "an adventurer?"
Fluttershy says: "Who, me?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Finally!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What took you so long?"
Fluttershy says: "I decided to find out which author is really telling the truth, so I joined Dr."
Fluttershy says: "C's Tenochtitlan expedition!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Say whaaaaaaat?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
"Peach Fuzz" says: "So Daring Do doesn't kick puppies?"
A. K. Yearling says: "That was one time!"
A. K. Yearling says: "Accidentally!"
Rainbow Dash says: "A."
Rainbow Dash says: "K."
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You have to help me!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Groom Q."
Rainbow Dash says: "Q."
Rainbow Dash says: "Martingale is really Dr."
Rainbow Dash says: "Caballeron, and he has Fluttershy!"
Rainbow Dash says: "The book thing was his new plan to ruin Daring Do's reputation, and he's trying to make my friend a criminal!"
Rainbow Dash says: "They're off to Tenochtitlan right now!"
A. K. Yearling says: "He must be after the Truth Talisman of Tonatiuh!"
A. K. Yearling says: "It requires the wings of a Pegasus to retrieve it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That's gotta be why Caballeron tricked Fluttershy into joining his gang!"
A. K. Yearling says: "Then it's up to us to stop him!"
"Peach Fuzz" says: "Whooooaaaa!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "Watch where you put your hooves, everypony."
Dr. Caballeron says: "We do not want to disturb the fragile jungle ecosystem."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, that's so thoughtful."
Dr. Caballeron says: "Yes, unlike Daring Do, who slashes plants aside with her cruel machete."
Fluttershy says: "Thank you."
Dr. Caballeron says: "Fool!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "Don't you know that's poison?!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "I..."
Dr. Caballeron says: "don't want you to get hurt, my friend."
Rogue says: "But I'm hungry."
Fluttershy says: "Oh!"
Fluttershy says: "I can help with that!"
Fluttershy says: "Here!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "You are..."
Dr. Caballeron says: "willing to share?"
Fluttershy says: "Of course!"
Fluttershy says: "That's part of the fun of having an adventure with friends!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "Fluttershy!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "Run!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "These ferocious beasts want to eat us for dinner!"
Fluttershy says: "That's a common misconception."
Fluttershy says: "Have you ever tried just talking to them?"
Dr. Caballeron says: "That's crazy!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "You are on your own!"
Withers says: "She's a goner."
Biff says: "I can't watch!"
Fluttershy says: "We're very sorry for coming into your territory."
Fluttershy says: "We're just passing through."
Dr. Caballeron says: "How did you do that?"
Fluttershy says: "Everycreature likes to be listened to."
Fluttershy says: "You just need to take the time to understand them."
Dr. Caballeron says: "You are more talented than I realized."
Fluttershy says: "Thanks."
Fluttershy says: "I'm having the best time with you all!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Fluttershy must be having the worst time with Caballeron's goons!"
Daring Do says: "We need to catch up to them before they reach the Truth Talisman!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Why?"
Rainbow Dash says: "What's so special about it?"
Daring Do says: "It has the power to make the pony holding it tell the truth."
Daring Do says: "But Caballeron only wants it because it's made of solid gold."
Daring Do says: "He'll melt it down and use it to get rich."
Rainbow Dash says: "So if this Talisman is so important, why didn't you already save it?"
Rainbow Dash says: "You said only a Pegasus can get it, right?"
Daring Do says: "Yes, but the temple traps are far too dangerous to face without a map."
Daring Do says: "And maybe even with one."
Biff says: "Boss, how about we take the shortcut?"
Dr. Caballeron says: "How about you be quiet?!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "I-I mean..."
Dr. Caballeron says: "no, thank you, Biff."
Dr. Caballeron says: "Let's just follow the map."
Biff says: "Aww."
Biff says: "I'm supposed to be Dr."
Biff says: "C's second-in-command."
Biff says: "But he never listens to me."
Fluttershy says: "Well, keep trying."
Fluttershy says: "I believe in you."
Dr. Caballeron says: "At last!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "Now we simply have to wait for the sun to reach its highest point, and our path will be revealed."
Fluttershy says: "Withers."
Fluttershy says: "Don't."
Fluttershy says: "Move."
Daring Do says: "There they are!"
Daring Do says: "We can catch them before they enter the temple!"
Daring Do says: "Get back, Rainbow Dash!"
Daring Do says: "It's Ahuizotl!"
Ahuizotl says: "Daring Do, my old nemesis."
Ahuizotl says: "You may have outsmarted my jungle cats, but you cannot escape me!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We didn't see any cats!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We're just here to rescue Fluttershy!"
Ahuizotl says: "Hmmm..."
Ahuizotl says: "It must be a coincidence that only a Pegasus can retrieve Tonatiuh's treasure, and there are two of you here."
Dr. Caballeron says: "Quickly!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "Before the sun moves and it closes!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Phew!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That was cutting it close."
Daring Do says: "And without a map, we'll have to guess which way to go."
Dr. Caballeron says: "Oh, no!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "I knew the Truth Talisman could not be moved by magic, but I never realized we'd have to fly to retrieve it!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "Our journey has been for nothing!"
Fluttershy says: "Don't be upset."
Fluttershy says: "I can get it."
Dr. Caballeron says: "Oh, Fluttershy, you are too kind."
Dr. Caballeron says: "But I could never ask that of you."
Dr. Caballeron says: "It might be dangerous!"
Fluttershy says: "I want to do it!"
Fluttershy says: "For all of you, my new friends."
Fluttershy says: "And to protect a historical treasure!"
Fluttershy says: "Whoa!"
Biff says: "Give me a hoof here!"
Fluttershy says: "Aah!"
Withers says: "We did it!"
Rogue says: "You're safe!"
Fluttershy says: "Thanks, everypony."
Daring Do says: "Give us the Talisman, Caballeron!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We're not taking  no for an answer!"
Fluttershy says: "Wait!"
Fluttershy says: "You don't understand!"
Fluttershy says: "My friends are researchers!"
Fluttershy says: "They only want to study the Talisman and keep it safe in a museum!"
Fluttershy says: "Right, Dr."
Fluttershy says: "C?"
Dr. Caballeron says: "Uhhh..."
Dr. Caballeron says: "no."
Fluttershy says: "But..."
Fluttershy says: "But you said—"
Daring Do says: "Now that he's holding Tonatiuh's Talisman, he has to tell the truth!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Admit it, Caballeron!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You're only pretending to like Fluttershy because she has the wings you needed to steal the Truth Talisman!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Isn't that right?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "No!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "I admit that was the original reason, but my henchponies and I have come to value your friendship and kindness."
Rainbow Dash says: "Didn't see that coming."
Rainbow Dash says: "Or that!"
Ahuizotl says: "More intruders?"
Ahuizotl says: "And you dare to steal Tonatiuh's Talisman?!"
Ahuizotl says: "!"
Ahuizotl says: "Guardian-goyles, attack!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "Fluttershy!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "Can't you ask them to stop like the jungle cats?"
Fluttershy says: "Um, excuse me?"
Fluttershy says: "Uh, guardian-goyles?"
Daring Do says: "It's no good!"
Daring Do says: "They're only stone and magic, not alive!"
Daring Do says: "I encountered some like this in Marapore!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "Ah, yes."
Dr. Caballeron says: "I seem to recall similar creations in Flankladesh."
Rainbow Dash says: "So?"
Rainbow Dash says: "How do you get rid of them?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Daring Do says: "I know they don't like bright light!"
Fluttershy says: "There's none of that in here."
Daring Do says: "Not yet!"
Daring Do says: "Caballeron!"
Daring Do says: "Do you still have the Diamond of Lapis Lux?"
Dr. Caballeron says: "Yes!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "I-I mean..."
Dr. Caballeron says: "How did you know I stole it?!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "!"
Daring Do says: "Lucky guess."
Daring Do says: "Hold it high!"
Fluttershy says: "Wow!"
Fluttershy says: "You two make a great team!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, I'm not sure how I feel about that."
Daring Do says: "Feel later!"
Daring Do says: "Now it's time to escape!"
Biff says: "If we want to get out of here, we're all gonna have to work together."
Dr. Caballeron says: "That's..."
Dr. Caballeron says: "actually a good idea."
Fluttershy says: "See?"
Fluttershy says: "Told you he'd listen."
Daring Do says: "A truce until we escape?"
Daring Do says: "How can we trust you?"
Dr. Caballeron says: "I cannot lie."
Dr. Caballeron says: "Now, all together!"
Ahuizotl says: "If I wanted to play games, I would get out my pinochle deck!"
Daring Do says: "This way!"
Daring Do says: "Rainbow Dash!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm gonna need the deluxe spa package after this adventure."
Rainbow Dash says: "That doesn't leave this temple!"
Rogue says: "That's it!"
Rogue says: "I'm quitting the henchpony business to finally follow my dreams of becoming an opera star!"
Rogue says: "Uh..."
Rogue says: "maybe you should hold this."
Ahuizotl says: "You cannot hide in there forever!"
Ahuizotl says: "It's a dead end!"
Daring Do says: "Ahuizotl won't give up until he catches us."
Daring Do says: "We have to find another way out!"
Fluttershy says: "I think our problem is the solution."
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, did you forget there's a monster out there that wants to crush us?"
Fluttershy says: "But why?"
Fluttershy says: "Nopony ever asked Ahuizotl what his side of the story is."
Fluttershy says: "He must have a reason for being so upset."
Rainbow Dash says: "Or maybe he's just the bad guy!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Do I need to remind you he's tried to squash Daring Do like a hundred times?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "And me as well."
Dr. Caballeron says: "I was so scared, I had to change my ascot."
Dr. Caballeron says: "Aah!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "Curse this truth teller!"
Fluttershy says: "Understanding begins with listening."
Ahuizotl says: "Prepared to meet your doom?"
Fluttershy says: "Um, not really."
Fluttershy says: "Just here to ask – why are you chasing us, Mr."
Fluttershy says: "Ahuizotl?"
Ahuizotl says: "Well..."
Ahuizotl says: "the thing is, I'm in charge of protecting this jungle."
Ahuizotl says: "If another artifact goes missing on my watch, I'm going to be in so much trouble with the other guardian creatures."
Fluttershy says: "Awww."
Fluttershy says: "That sounds like a lot of responsibility."
Daring Do says: "The only reason I've been taking the artifacts is because I thought I was protecting them."
Dr. Caballeron says: "I was stealing them to get rich."
Dr. Caballeron says: "But I never realized you had a noble cause."
Dr. Caballeron says: "I thought you were just being a monster."
Ahuizotl says: "I get that a lot."
Rainbow Dash says: "Maybe there is something to this whole listening-to-everypony thing."
Fluttershy says: "It doesn't always mean they're telling the truth, but everycreature deserves kindness."
Ahuizotl says: "True."
Ahuizotl says: "And because you returned the Talisman and took the time to understand me, I will let you all go."
Ahuizotl says: "On one condition!"
Ahuizotl says: "You swear to never steal artifacts from the Tenochtitlan Basin again!"
Daring Do says: "I promise."
Dr. Caballeron says: "I promise."
Daring Do says: "I'll even write that in my next book."
Dr. Caballeron says: "Your next book?"
Dr. Caballeron says: "You mean you're actually A."
Dr. Caballeron says: "K."
Dr. Caballeron says: "Yearling?"
Daring Do says: "Don't tell anypony!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "That gives me an idea."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey, what's going on?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I thought your first co-written novel would bring out a ton of fans."
A. K. Yearling says: "We've been upstaged by a new author."
Ahuizotl says: "And so, the noble Ahuizotl bravely toiled day and night to protect the jungle's precious artifacts..."