Spike says: "We just need you to get Twilight to remember some of her favorite times with you so this book can record them."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But it's a surprise gift for her coronation, and I know you're uncomfortable not telling the truth, soooo..."
Applejack says: "It's true I ain't fond of lyin', but I think I can handle it in my own way."
Spike says: "Just to play it safe, let's practice our way first."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, hi there, Applejack!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's always so great to see you!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "But why did you ask me to come out to the farm?"
Applejack says: "Uhhh..."
Applejack says: "You see, the thing is, I need you to, uh..."
Applejack says: "check the apples?"
Applejack says: "I-I mean, I definitely don't need you to reminisce about some memorable times with me for any kind of magical gift or anything!"
Applejack says: "Nope!"
Spike says: "Maybe it's better if I do the talking."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm not sure I understand, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why would Applejack need me to check the apples she's using for the coronation?"
Spike says: "I'm sure she just wants everything to be perfect."
Spike says: "Isn't that right, Applejack?"
Applejack says: "Well, uh, yes."
Applejack says: "But I have to be honest, Twilight."
Applejack says: "I—"
Spike says: "Speaking of honesty, what's your favorite time that Applejack was honest, Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Gee, Spike, that's an odd question."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And there's been a lot."
Applejack says: "Hold on!"
Applejack says: "I'm a-comin'!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Applejack!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What do I do?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Applejack says: "Let go."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you crazy?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Applejack says: "No, I ain't."
Applejack says: "I promise you'll be safe."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's not true!"
Applejack says: "Now, listen here."
Applejack says: "What I'm sayin' to you is the honest truth."
Applejack says: "Let go, and you'll be safe."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yaaah!"
Applejack says: "Listen, y'all."
Applejack says: "I thought I was just bein' honest when I said all those things."
Applejack says: "But somepony helped me realize I was actually bein' hurtful."
Applejack says: "So for that, I apologize."
Photo Finish says: "Zo!"
Photo Finish says: "You don't think fashion is ridiculous?!"
Photo Finish says: "!"
Applejack says: "Uh..."
Applejack says: "Well, I, uh..."
Applejack says: "I still don't understand it."
Applejack says: "But I appreciate how much it means to y'all and how much hard work you put into it."
Applejack says: "I also know this contest is important to Rarity."
Applejack says: "So what do you say?"
Applejack says: "I hate to disappoint everypony, but there's no way Granny could have made that dive, because this tonic is a fake!"
"Jinx" says: "But you gave it your stamp of approval!"
Rainbowshine says: "Are you saying you lied?"
Applejack says: "..."
Applejack says: "I am."
Applejack says: "I didn't mean to!"
Applejack says: "But everypony seemed so much happier, I couldn't bring myself to tell you when I found out the tonic wasn't real."
Applejack says: "I know it was wrong."
Applejack says: "I just hope, with time, I can win back everypony's trust."
Applejack says: "I am pretty honest."
Spike says: "Yup."
Spike says: "But you weren't always that way, were ya?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, I've heard that story."
Granny Smith says: "Now apple blight is a serious disease!"
"Doctor Spring Bud" says: "Did she say..."
"Doctor Spring Bud" says: "apple blight?"
"Open Heart" says: "I think she said "gasket mites"."
Granny Smith says: "And once your trunk turns red like this, the only thing to do is prune the branches."
Filthy Rich says: "Oh, no!"
Filthy Rich says: "Granny!"
"Open Heart" says: "Did you say..."
"Open Heart" says: ""prune them branches"?"
Granny Smith says: "Well, sure!"
Granny Smith says: "What else you gonna do once the blight gets this bad?"
Young Applejack says: "Everypony, just stop!"
Young Applejack says: "This is all a big misunderstandin'!"
Young Applejack says: "Actually..."
Young Applejack says: "it's a big lie."
Granny Smith says: "Big Mac?!"
Granny Smith says: "!"
Filthy Rich says: "Granny Smith?!"
Filthy Rich says: "!"
Filthy Rich says: "What is goin' on here, Applejack?!"
Filthy Rich says: "!"
Granny Smith says: "That is a darn good question."
Young Applejack says: "I'm not sure if I was worried that nopony was listenin' to my ideas or just nervous that I wouldn't be the one to end up runnin' the farm, but..."
Young Applejack says: "I promised somethin' to Filthy Rich that I couldn't deliver, and I was too embarrassed to admit it."
Filthy Rich says: "So Granny was never sick?"
Granny Smith says: "And there ain't no apple blighted ponies?"
Young Big McIntosh says: "Nnnope."
Young Applejack says: "Those were all lies."
Young Applejack says: "A-And I thought if you found out, you'd stop doin' business with the farm."
Young Applejack says: "So I just kept tellin' more."
"Hippocratic Oath" says: "So she's not a doctor?"
Young Applejack says: "Please don't make Granny and the farm suffer for what I did!"
Young Applejack says: "This whole thing is my fault."
Applejack says: "I reckon what really set me against lyin' was seein' how it affected my family."
Applejack says: "And you're about as close to family as a pony can get, Twilight."
Applejack says: "That's why I need to—"
Spike says: "That's another thing I love about you, Applejack."
Spike says: "Nopony loves her family more than you do."
Spike says: "Right, Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sure."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Apples are all pretty close."
Applejack says: "Found 'em!"
Granny Smith says: "Aaa-choooo!"
Applejack says: "Heh."
Applejack says: "Gesundhoof."
Granny Smith says: "Why, thank you, Applejack."
Granny Smith says: "I still can't believe it's been almost one hundred moons since our last family reunion."
Granny Smith says: "Aw, I remember it like it was yesterday."
Applejack says: "Well, you have been talkin' about it pretty much every day since then."
Granny Smith says: "Apple Bloom!"
Granny Smith says: "How them RSVPs comin' along?"
Granny Smith says: "Who's showin' their muzzle at the reunion?"
Apple Bloom says: "Everypony!"
Granny Smith says: "Everypony?"
Granny Smith says: "Are you sure?"
Apple Bloom says: "Well, I got RSVPs from Apples from Yonder Hill, Hollow Shades, Galloping Gorge, Foal Mountain, Apples from Fillydelphia, Tall Tale Town, and all the Apples from Appleloosa!"
Granny Smith says: "Guh?"
Apple Bloom says: "Oh!"
Apple Bloom says: "And how could I forget?"
Apple Bloom says: "Manehattan!"
Apple Bloom says: "Babs is comin'!"
Apple Bloom says: "I get to see my favorite cousin!"
Granny Smith says: "I think we're gonna need a bigger cider trough."
Applejack says: "Everypony knows all this stuff about me."
Applejack says: "But I have something to say—"
Spike says: "Ah, just look at me rambling on and on!"
Spike says: "You brought Twilight here to check the apples, and we haven't even started."
Spike says: "Come on, Twilight!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Applejack, are you trying to ruin the surprise?"
Applejack says: "I don't see how I could."
Applejack says: "Spike won't let me get a word in edgewise!"
Spike says: "I think—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "The way Spike's getting Twilight's memories might seem dishonest, but it's working really well."
Applejack says: "Don't you think Twilight'll get a mite suspicious if I just stand around while Spike does all the talkin'?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I suppose you should say something, but it doesn't have to be a lie."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You can talk about anything."
Starlight Glimmer says: "We just need more memories."
Applejack says: "What do you think?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think I still don't know what I'm supposed to be checking."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You and your family have been running this farm forever."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You know apples better than I ever will."
Applejack says: "I, uh..."
Applejack says: "I guess that's true."
Applejack says: "We have been on this farm for quite a while."
Applejack says: "This barn's been here a while, too."
Applejack says: "Though it almost wasn't."
Applejack.
Yee-hoo!
Raise this barn, raise this barn.
One, two, three, four.
Together, we can raise this barn.
One, two, three, four.
Up, up, up, go the beams.
Hammer those joints, work in teams.
Turn 'em round quick by the right elbow.
Grab a new partner, here we go.
Apple family says: "Yeah!"
Applejack says: "Come on, Apple family!"
Applejack says: "Let's get to it!"
Applejack says: "Wee-hoo!"
Applejack.
Raise this barn, raise this barn.
One, two, three, four.
Together, we can raise this barn.
One, two, three, four.
Finish the frame, recycling wood.
Workin' hard, you're doin' good.
Turn 'em round quick by the right elbow.
Grab a new partner, here we go.
Apple family says: "Yeah!"
Applejack says: "Whoo-whee!"
Applejack.
Raise this barn, oh, raise this barn.
One, two, three, four.
Together, we can raise this barn.
One, two, three, four.
Slats of wood come off the ground.
Hold 'em up and nail 'em down.
Turn 'em round quick by the left elbow.
Grab a new partner, here we go.
Apple family says: "Yeah!"
Applejack says: "Come on, Apples!"
Applejack says: "Get 'er done!"
Apple Bloom.
Look at us, we're family.
Applejack.
Workin' together thankfully.
Apple Bloom.
We Apples, we are proud to say.
Applejack and Apple Bloom.
Stick together the pony way.
Applejack.
Bow to your partner, circle right.
Get down if you're scared of heights.
Forward back and twirl around.
That barn's gonna be the best in town.
Apple family says: "Yeah!"
Applejack says: "Yee-haw!"
Applejack says: "Attagirl!"
Apple Bloom says: "Alright, let's get to it!"
Apple family.
Raise this barn, raise this barn.
One, two, three, four.
Together, we can raise this barn.
One, two, three, four.
Applejack.
Take your brushes, young and old.
Together, paint it, bright and bold.
Turn 'em round quick by the left elbow.
Grab a new partner, here we go.
Apple family.
We raised this barn, we raised this barn.
Yes, we did.
Together we sure raised this barn.
Yes, we did.
Being together counts the most.
We all came here from coast to coast.
All we need to strive to be.
Is part of the Apple family.
Apple Bloom says: "Yeah!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What made you tell that story?"
Applejack says: "Um..."
Applejack says: "I suppose bein' in the barn made me think of it."
Applejack says: "Is that weird?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Not any more than the way you used to do your chores."
Spike says: "I've never heard that story."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What are you talking about?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You were there!"
Applejack says: "I'm sorry, but I just couldn't let those spa ponies go another minute puttin' up with problems they didn't even know they had!"
Applejack says: "Somehow they just got used to a huge bottleneck of ponies standin' around waitin'."
Applejack says: "An' I took one good look at that spa jam, and I knew I had to do somethin'!"
Applejack says: "Sometimes the simplest things can just derail a whole operation."
Applejack says: "It's funny when you realize the extra work they were doin' was actually makin' things worse!"
Applejack says: "I mean, I guess it's possible to get stuck in a routine where you're doin' all this extra stuff and not realize it, but I can't for the life of me think of how!"
Applejack says: "Why are y'all starin' at me like that?"
Spike says: "Oh, yeah!"
Spike says: "I don't know how I could've forgotten that."
Spike says: "Come to think of it, for a down-to-earth farm pony, you are weird a lot."
Applejack says: ""And that's when the yellow birdie thought to himself, 'Hmm."
Applejack says: "My favorite little tree isn't such a little tree anymore."
Applejack says: "' So she sang her song, big and strong, and they all lived in that great, big tree happily ever after."
Applejack says: "The end."
Rarity says: "Applejack!"
Rarity says: "Were you reading a bedtime story to..."
Rarity says: "an apple tree?"
Rarity says: "Who's our next model for the fashion show?"
Spike says: "Um..."
Spike says: ""Apple..."
Spike says: "Jewel"?"
Rarity says: "Who the hay is that?"
Applejack says: "I hate to say I told ya so, Twilight, but I told ya so!"
Spike and Twilight gasp.
Applejack says: "It's a curse, I tells ya!"
Apple Bloom says: "Huh?"
Apple Bloom says: "Hey!"
Apple Bloom says: "Who put pillows on this rake?"
Applejack says: "Oh, I don't know."
Applejack says: "Maybe someone who really loves her little sister and doesn't want her to get an owie?"
Shining Armor says: "Applejack?"
Shining Armor says: "What are you doing?"
Applejack says: "Applejack?"
Applejack says: "Who's that?"
Applejack says: "My name's Apple Chord, and I've got a couple of songs to play for ya."
Applejack says: "Clap your hooves if you know 'em!"
Applejack says: "And a one, and a two, and a..."
My love is like a barrel.
A barrel full of hay.
Applejack says: "I guess I can be just as peculiar as the next pony."
Applejack says: "But that's not what's goin' on here today."
Spike says: "Uh, because today you wanted Twilight to check over the apples for the coronation, right?"
Applejack says: "Nnnope."
Applejack says: "And I think it's time I told you the truth."
Applejack says: "Twilight, I have to be honest."
Applejack says: "The reason Spike gave you for comin' out to the farm today was a lie."
Applejack says: "It's just that things have been so hectic, what with savin' Equestria and planin' for the coronation."
Applejack says: "I just wanted to have a chance to reminisce with you for a bit."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm happy to spend time remembering things we've done together."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You don't have to make up some excuse for that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Let's see..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "My favorite Applejack memories..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "My name is Twilight Sparkle—"
Applejack says: "Well, howdy-doo, Miss Twilight, a pleasure makin' your acquaintance."
Applejack says: "I'm Applejack."
Applejack says: "We here at Sweet Apple Acres sure do like makin' new friends!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Friends?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Actually, I—"
Applejack says: "So, what can I do you for?"
Applejack says: "Keep pushin', Caramel."
Applejack says: "That's it, Bumpkin."
Applejack says: "I know it's hard work, but you guys are doin' great."
Applejack says: "Yee-haw!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hey, Applejack."
Twilight Sparkle says: "How's everything going?"
Applejack says: "Oh, just dandy."
Applejack says: "A little slow startin', but peachy all the same."
Applejack says: "There's a lot of ground to clear, ya hear?"
Applejack says: "We can't even start the plantin' and the waterin' until we git all these heap a' snow hightailed outta here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, I'd like to help."
Applejack says: "Well, I..."
Applejack says: "I dunno Twilight."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just give me a chance."
Applejack says: "Well, I never turn down a hard worker, but..."
Spike says: "Think of how much quicker they could wrap up winter with your magic."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I could use a come-to-life spell."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hwww..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Here goes..."
Applejack says: "Hmm."
Applejack says: "She's awful strong for such a little pony."
Spike says: "That's my girl, following my advice."
Applejack says: "And what in tarnation does that mean?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh-oh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Slow down."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Slow down!"
Spike says: "Whoa-oa-oa!"
Applejack says: "Whoa-oa-oa!"
Applejack says: "What's going on?"
Applejack says: "Wha'd'ya do?"
Applejack says: "You used magic, didn't you?"
Applejack says: "Sorry, Twi."
Applejack says: "We should've listened to you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's not your fault."
Twilight Sparkle says: "She fooled everypony."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You've always been such a good friend."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know what I would have done without you."
Applejack says: "I feel the same way."
Applejack says: "If I hadn't met you, I might not have ever left the farm or had any adventures at all."
Rarity says: "Oh, Manehattan, what you do to me!"
Rarity says: "Darling, are you all right?"
Applejack says: "Ponies move so fast here."
Applejack says: "Not at all like back home."
Applejack says: "Eyes peeled, ears open."
Applejack says: "Eyes peeled, ears open."
Rarity says: "Remember, Applejack, you're in the big city now."
Rarity says: "No moseying."
Rarity says: "You've gotta walk with speed and confidence!"
Rarity says: "Yoo-hoo!"
Diamond Cutter says: "Move it!"
Applejack says: "Sorry 'bout that."
Strawberry Ice says: "Ah, get outta my way!"
Applejack says: "Sorry."
Pedestrian Ponies 3 says: "Watch it!"
4 says: "Watch it!"
Applejack says: "Hey—"
Applejack says: "Oh, dear."
Applejack says: "Butter my biscuits."
Applejack says: "I can barely cross the street in this town."
Applejack says: "Guess nopony else is goin' out as far as we are."
Fluttershy says: "Maybe they know something we don't?"
Applejack says: "Now, Fluttershy, I've told you a dozen times."
Applejack says: "There's nothin' to be sca—"
"Loose Tracks" says: "I'm sorry."
Fluttershy says: "You really startled us."
"Loose Tracks" says: "Oh, it's just that I'm not used to seeing anypony taking the train to..."
"Loose Tracks" says: "the end of the line."
"Loose Tracks" says: "The final destination."
"Loose Tracks" says: "The last stop!"
Applejack says: "We get the picture."
Applejack says: "Why?"
"Loose Tracks" says: "Nothing but uncharted terrain and wild beasts out that way."
Applejack says: "Well, maybe there's a little somethin' to be scared of."
Chimera's tiger head says: "Where are the pies?!"
Chimera's tiger head says: "!"
Chimera's snake head says: "They're not back here."
Chimera's goat head says: "This is your fault!"
Chimera's goat head says: "You think you've always got to be in charge!"
Chimera's tiger head says: "You're lucky, you know?"
Chimera's tiger head says: "You've got no idea what it's like to have a sister constantly looking over your shoulder!"
Apple Bloom says: "Uh, actually..."
Chimera's goat head says: "Let's try listening to me for a change!"
Chimera's goat head says: "And I say, if there are no pies, let's settle for the filly filet!"
Chimera's snake head says: "Any lassst wordsss?"
Apple Bloom says: "I really wish my sister were here!"
Applejack says: "Hang on, Apple Bloom!"
Applejack says: "I'm a-comin'!"
Chimera's tiger head says: "Get her!"
goat head says: "Get her!"
Chimera's goat head says: "Hey!"
Chimera's goat head says: "I thought I was in charge now!"
Applejack says: "Howdy!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I feel pretty lucky we're friends."
Applejack says: "Honestly, so do I."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But you were right about the coronation keeping me busy."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come on, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Celestia and Luna want to go over the guest list."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Again."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Guess Spike and I should've let you handle things from the start."
Applejack says: "I may be an honest pony, but even I know how to not spoil a surprise."