Scootaloo says: "Order, order, everypony!"
Scootaloo says: "I hereby call to order this meeting of the Rainbow Dash Fan Club!"
Scootaloo says: "First order of business –  Let's-celebrate-the-one-and-only-Rainbow-Dash-yay-she's-amazing-now-if-there's-nothing-else-that-concludes-this-meeting-of-the-Rainbow-Dash-Fan-Club-thank-you-all-for-coming-any-questions?!"
Scootaloo says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Huh?"
Scootaloo says: "Meeting adjourned!"
Scootaloo says: "I'd like to call to order the first ever meeting of the newest and most exciting club – of which I am the president, founding, and only member – the Washouts Fan Club!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, hey, Scootaloo."
Rainbow Dash says: "I was just in the neighbor—"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What's this?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Did I interrupt your fan club meeting?"
Scootaloo says: "Hey!"
Scootaloo says: "What are you doin' here?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I could ask you the same question!"
Scootaloo says: "Oh, uh, y'know..."
Scootaloo says: "mmm..."
Scootaloo says: "s-s-stuff."
Scootaloo says: "Uh, definitely not starting a new fan club or anything."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ha!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's no use pretending!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I heard everything when I was outside eavesdropping, like I do for every meeting!"
Scootaloo says: "You eavesdrop on every meeting?"
Scootaloo says: "That's weird."
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, sure it sounds weird when you say it out loud."
Rainbow Dash says: "And I probably shouldn't because eavesdropping is wrong, but still."
Rainbow Dash says: "Why are you starting a new fan club?"
Scootaloo says: "I just think maybe it's time for me to explore other fan clubs."
Rainbow Dash says: "What is a "The Washouts"?"
Scootaloo says: "Only the newest, and greatest, and only stunt troupe in Equestria!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Stunt troupe?"
Scootaloo says: "How can I explain it?"
Scootaloo says: "Like the Wonderbolts, just twenty bajillion percent cooler!"
Rainbow Dash says: ""Twenty bajillion"?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Scootaloo says: "They do all sorts of extreme stunts that focus on daredevilry and sheer guts rather than boring old flight and formation junk."
Rainbow Dash says: ""Boring old flight and formation junk"?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Scootaloo says: "Are you just repeating everything I say?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Only because my brain feels like it's strapped to one of those rockets about to explode."
Scootaloo says: "So you do get it!"
Scootaloo says: "Aren't they awesome?!"
Scootaloo says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Can you believe she actually said that?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Pfft, well, yeah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Eavesdropping on every meeting is kinda weird."
Rainbow Dash says: "I mean, she basically said that the Wonderbolts aren't cool!"
Rainbow Dash says: "And..."
Rainbow Dash says: "And it kinda sounded like she didn't think I was cool either."
Rainbow Dash says: "But, peh, we all know that's crazy!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I mean, I'm definitely not worried about her looking up to somepony else."
Rainbow Dash says: "Heh."
Rainbow Dash says: "Nope."
Rainbow Dash says: "Not!"
Rainbow Dash says: "At!"
Rainbow Dash says: "All!"
Applejack says: "Well, I'd understand if you were."
Applejack says: "It'd be like if Apple Bloom started lovin' bananas more than apples."
Applejack says: "Y'all tell me if that ever happens, ya hear?"
Rainbow Dash says: "But what could the Washouts possibly have that I don't?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Why don't you find out?"
Rainbow Dash says: "They're doing a show in Ponyville this weekend?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wow!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "They do look pretty amazing..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "uh, -ly unamazing."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Trying so hard to look amazing is what I mean."
Pinkie Pie says: "Nice save, Twilight!"
Scootaloo says: "Awww."
Scootaloo says: "I knew we shoulda lined up last night."
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm sorry for making us late."
Pinkie Pie says: "Who would've guessed Xtreme Chocolate Airshow Cupcakes would take an x-tremely long time to bake?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Look at this!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's a total Wonderbolts ripoff!"
Scootaloo says: "What do you mean?"
Scootaloo says: "The show hasn't even started yet."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, but look at what we're sitting on."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hello?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "The Wonderbolts have bleachers, too!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We practically invented sitting on bleachers!"
Rarity says: "Ugh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "And look at that!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Popcorn and cotton candy?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ripoff!"
Scootaloo says: "Huh?"
Scootaloo says: "Yeeeeeeeaaaahhh!"
Announcer says: "This is the time!"
Announcer says: "This is the place!"
Announcer says: "This is the team!"
Announcer says: "This is..."
Announcer says: "the Washouts!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Mmmm!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Quality confetti cannon work."
Scootaloo says: "Oh, yeah!"
Announcer says: "Say it with me now, the Washouts' official motto..."
Announcer says: "Leap before you look!"
Crowd says: "Leap before you look!"
Scootaloo says: "Woo-hoo!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Lame."
Fanpony says: "Oh!"
Announcer says: "Remember, ponies."
Announcer says: "While they're amazingly awesome, the Washouts are highly trained professionals in protective fire-proof flight suits!"
Announcer says: "Do NOT try this at home!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa."
Rainbow Dash says: "Come on, come on!"
Rainbow Dash says: "She's not gonna make it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That..."
Rainbow Dash says: "was..."
Rainbow Dash says: "insane!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Woo-hoo!"
Scootaloo says: "I told you!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I mean..."
Rainbow Dash says: "It was pretty cool."
Rainbow Dash says: "Who are these guys?"
Scootaloo says: "I can't just go up and talk to them."
Rainbow Dash says: "You can if you're with me."
Rainbow Dash says: "After all, one of the reasons there's a Rainbow Dash fan club is because I'm fearless."
Rainbow Dash says: "Observe."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, so as a fellow aerobatic professional, I really enjoyed your show."
Rainbow Dash says: "Heh."
Rainbow Dash says: "Actually, you might recognize me since I'm a..."
Rainbow Dash says: "pause for dramatic effect..."
Rainbow Dash says: "a Wonderbolt."
Rolling Thunder says: "Ha!"
Rolling Thunder says: "Join the club."
Rainbow Dash says: "O..."
Rainbow Dash says: "kay..."
Rolling Thunder says: "No."
Rolling Thunder says: "I mean, literally."
Rolling Thunder says: "Join the club."
Rolling Thunder says: "We're called "The Washouts" because we all used to be Wonderbolts just like you."
Rolling Thunder says: "Heh."
Rolling Thunder says: "Until we "washed out"."
Rainbow Dash says: "No way!"
Rolling Thunder says: "Yep."
Rolling Thunder says: "Name's Rolling Thunder."
Rolling Thunder says: "I got booted out of Wonderbolt Academy because of "flagrant disregard for hazardous weather"."
Rolling Thunder says: "Pfft!"
Rolling Thunder says: "If doing barrel rolls through nine hundred million volts of electricity in a raging thunderstorm is wrong, then I don't wanna be right."
Rainbow Dash says: "Cool!"
Rolling Thunder says: "Ha."
Rolling Thunder says: "This 'ere's Short Fuse."
Short Fuse says: "Ah, nice to meet you."
Rainbow Dash says: "What's your story?"
Short Fuse says: "ANGER ISSUES!"
Short Fuse says: "GET OFF MY BACK!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uhhh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay."
Rainbow Dash says: "So, who's the leader?"
Rolling Thunder says: "Only the most reckless ex-Wonderbolt of all time."
Rainbow Dash says: "Lightning Dust!"
Lightning Dust says: "Rainbow Dash!"
Scootaloo says: "Scootaloo."
Scootaloo says: "I'm Scootaloo."
Scootaloo says: "Hi."
Rainbow Dash says: "Lightning Dust!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I should've known you were the brains behind a crazy idea like the Washouts!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Or should I say, "lack of brains"!"
Scootaloo says: "You two really know each other?"
Scootaloo says: "Oh, my gosh!"
Scootaloo says: "This is so cool!"
Lightning Dust says: "Your "friend" got me kicked out of the Wonderbolts."
Scootaloo says: "Oh."
Scootaloo says: "That's, uh, less cool."
Lightning Dust says: "And it was the best thing that ever happened to me!"
Lightning Dust says: "Great to see you, wingpony!"
Lightning Dust says: "I heard you're a full-fledged Bolt now."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, well, I'm still—"
Lightning Dust says: "Mad at me?"
Lightning Dust says: "Look, was it wrong of me to endanger the lives of your friends?"
Lightning Dust says: "Yeah."
Lightning Dust says: "But, hey, now I only endanger these knuckleheads."
Lightning Dust says: "C'mon, you know you miss me."
Lightning Dust says: "Me and her, we blew everypony out of the sky."
Scootaloo says: "Really?"
Lightning Dust says: "Actually, yeah, really!"
Lightning Dust says: "All that wind was totally dangerous, but we had fun, right?"
Lightning Dust says: "Two fastest times on the Dizzitron!"
Rainbow Dash says: "If I remember correctly, I had you beat by half a second."
Lightning Dust says: "Only because when I went, I cranked up the dizziness factor."
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, I'm glad it all worked out."
Rainbow Dash says: "Your show was pretty dynamite."
Lightning Dust says: "Wanna know the secret?"
Lightning Dust says: "We basically ignore everything the Wonderbolts ever taught us about safety."
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, we do have safety rules for a reason."
Lightning Dust says: "Don't listen to her, kid."
Lightning Dust says: "All their "rules" were just ways of keeping their little club exclusive so they could feel good about themselves."
Rainbow Dash says: "It's not about making anypony feel bad."
Rainbow Dash says: "It's about finding the best flyers."
Rainbow Dash says: "The best of the best."
Lightning Dust says: "I started the Washouts because I believe anypony can be the best of the best."
Lightning Dust says: "You know, Rolling Thunder is gonna be out for a while."
Rolling Thunder says: "Ah, during the finale, I caught the old hind leg in the Crushinator Jaws of Smashalot!"
Rolling Thunder says: "Patent pending."
Lightning Dust says: "There's a spot on the team if you wanna join up."
Rainbow Dash says: "I appreciate the offer, but I'm already a Wonderbolt."
Scootaloo says: "I'll do it!"
Scootaloo says: "Can I do it?!"
Scootaloo says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, lemme think."
Rainbow Dash says: "No!"
Scootaloo says: "I wasn't asking you!"
Lightning Dust says: "Awww, you're cute."
Lightning Dust says: "But technically, you haven't washed out of the Bolts, which is kinda our thing."
Rainbow Dash says: "And also, no!"
Scootaloo says: "Oh, what if I joined and dropped out super quick?!"
Scootaloo says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That's it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You're comin' with me!"
Scootaloo says: "Where are we going?"
Rainbow Dash says: "To hear what the actual Wonderbolts think about you joining just to drop out for the Washouts!"
Lightning Dust says: "Say hi to Spitfire for me!"
Wonderbolts theme.
Rainbow Dash says: "Ever seen two simultaneous inverse displacement rolls before?"
Scootaloo says: "Would've been a lot cooler if you had the Crushinator Jaws of Smashalot, patent pending."
Rainbow Dash says: "You..."
Rainbow Dash says: "What?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "See?"
Rainbow Dash says: "This is what I was telling you about."
Spitfire says: "I got this."
Spitfire says: "You know what happens when something goes wrong with the Crushinator Jaws of Smashalot?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Patent pending?"
Spitfire says: "You end up in a full body wing-and-hoof cast drinkin' through a straw!"
Scootaloo says: "But with enough practice—"
Spitfire says: "Practice?!"
Spitfire says: "!"
Spitfire says: "Well, la-dee-doodle-dah!"
Spitfire says: "Lemme give you a different scenario."
Spitfire says: "You're probably saying to yourself, "I'm young."
Spitfire says: "I'm strong."
Spitfire says: "I'm gonna go out there and stunt some tricks with my new friend Lightning Dust!"
Spitfire says: "" Well, I'm here to tell ya that if ya play that game, you're gonna find out it's pretty hard to "stunt tricks" in a full body wing-and-hoof cast drinkin' through a straw!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I think she gets the poi—"
Spitfire says: "I'm not finished!"
Spitfire says: "Listen, I get it, kid."
Spitfire says: "I used to be like you, tellin' myself, "I'm gonna touch the sky!"
Scootaloo says: "I don't—"
Spitfire says: "Well, whoop-dee-doodle-doo!"
Spitfire says: "You think you got it made in the shade?"
Spitfire says: "Well, things are gonna be pretty shady indeed when you can't go out in the sun, 'cause you're in a full body wing-and-hoof cast drinkin' through a straw!"
Spitfire says: "Do I make myself clear?!"
Spitfire says: "!"
Scootaloo says: "Uh-huh..."
Spitfire says: "Excellent."
Spitfire says: "Have a hat."
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Heh."
Rainbow Dash says: "Sorry that was a little..."
Rainbow Dash says: "intense."
Rainbow Dash says: "I just wanna make sure you don't get hurt."
Rainbow Dash says: "That way, you can follow in my hoofsteps."
Rainbow Dash says: "Heh."
Rainbow Dash says: "Everypony's dream, right?"
Scootaloo says: "More like "follow your wingflaps"."
Rainbow Dash says: "Same difference."
Scootaloo says: "Thanks, super-talented flyer, for clearing up what I should do."
Rainbow Dash says: "Clearing things up is one of my specialties."
Rainbow Dash says: "Now, come on."
Rainbow Dash says: "Let's go rip up all your Washout posters into tiny pieces and throw 'em off a cliff."
Rainbow Dash says: "I just thought of a great way to raise awareness for your original fan club."
Rainbow Dash says: "You know, the one about me?"
Rainbow Dash says: "How about a silent auction where every item is just a picture of yours truly?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Nah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm just kidding."
Rainbow Dash says: "That makes me seem too egotistical, doesn't it?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, oh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Maybe if they're framed, it's like, "Wow, she's so humble!"
Rainbow Dash says: "" Ya think?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Scootaloo?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, Scootaloo?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Anypony seen Scootalo—"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ow!"
Rainbow Dash says: "My fault, my fault!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Sorry, I—"
Rainbow Dash says: "Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sorry."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I was just..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "um..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Please tell me you got that stuff so you could rip it up and throw it off a cliff."
Twilight Sparkle says: "They were doing an autograph session before practice."
Rainbow Dash says: "Seriously?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You haven't seen Scoot, have you?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Actually..."
Rainbow Dash says: "I can't believe Scootaloo ditched me to watch them practice!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Why can't she see how dangerous they are?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's kind of the whole draw."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's exciting."
Rainbow Dash says: "But it's like the harder I try to convince Scoot they're dangerous, the more she likes them!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You can't control her actions."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Only yours."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Teach her what's safe and what isn't, like a good role model."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Then hope she makes the right decisions."
Rainbow Dash says: "But what if she chooses them over me?"
Rainbow Dash says: "She's gonna get hurt!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think I know somepony else who might get hurt if that happens."
Rainbow Dash says: "Um, maybe you're right."
Rainbow Dash says: "But this isn't about me."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm just worried about Scoot."
Short Fuse says: "Wow."
Short Fuse says: "You're really workin' hard on this new stunt."
Short Fuse says: "What kind of sorry excuse for a tomato sandwich is this?!"
Short Fuse says: "!"
Lightning Dust says: "Sorry, Dash."
Lightning Dust says: "Autograph session's over."
Lightning Dust says: "Unless you wanna buy Short Fuse's limited edition half-eaten tomato sandwich."
Short Fuse says: "I'm not signing that abomination!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You haven't seen Scootaloo, have you?"
Lightning Dust says: "Ohhhh, isn't she that pony that used to respect you?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'd appreciate you helping me find her so I could apologize for trying to make her quit liking you."
Lightning Dust says: "Oh, I'm pretty sure she still likes us."
Rainbow Dash says: "Lightning Dust, I know we go way back, but I can't let her do this!"
Scootaloo says: "I don't need you standing up for me!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Obviously, you do!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Because you can't see how dangerous this is!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Do you not remember what Spitfire said?"
Lightning Dust says: "Ugh."
Lightning Dust says: "Lemme guess."
Lightning Dust says: "You'll be in a full-body wing-and-hoof cast drinkin' through a straw!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That doesn't even sound like Spitfire."
Rainbow Dash says: "That's it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We're leaving!"
Scootaloo says: "Just because I look up to you doesn't mean I have to be you!"
Scootaloo says: "But based on your definition of what makes somepony great, I have bad news."
Scootaloo says: "I'll never be the best of the best or a Wonderbolt!"
Scootaloo says: "Because I!"
Scootaloo says: "Can't!"
Scootaloo says: "Fly!"
Scootaloo says: "Is that what you wanted to hear?"
Scootaloo says: "But not being able to fly doesn't mean I can't do something awesome!"
Scootaloo says: "Like strapping my scooter to a multi-stage liquid-fueled rocket and jumping twenty-two wagons lined up in front of a roaring crowd!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That was awfully specific."
Lightning Dust says: "That's 'cause it's what she'll be doing in the show tonight."
Lightning Dust says: "Half off for princesses!"
Lightning Dust says: "Bring your friends!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Scootaloo, are you sure that's what you really wanna do?"
Scootaloo says: "Absolutely."
Scootaloo says: "And there's nothing you can do to stop me!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You're right."
Rainbow Dash says: "You're your own foal, and you have to make your own decisions."
Scootaloo says: "Good!"
Scootaloo says: "Because I already have!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Sorry for making us late again."
Pinkie Pie says: "Who would've guessed Scootaloo's super-difficult stunt special cupcakes would've been super-difficult to bake?"
Applejack says: "Hoo-wee!"
Applejack says: "Looks like all of Ponyville is here."
Applejack says: "Except for Rainbow Dash."
Announcer says: "And here to introduce the most dangerous stunt we've ever performed, it's your fearless captain, L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-Lightning Dust!"
Lightning Dust says: "In just a moment, the newest member of the Washouts will be rocket-sledding down that hill, up that ramp, and over all twenty-two wagons to land on the other side in one piece!"
Lightning Dust says: "Heh."
Lightning Dust says: "If she's lucky."
Lightning Dust says: "Put your hooves together for Half-Pint Dynamite!"
Scootaloo says: "Lightning Dust, I have to tell you."
Scootaloo says: "I actually started Equestria's first Washouts fan club!"
Scootaloo says: "As far as I know."
Scootaloo says: "So this is a real honor, ma'am!"
Scootaloo says: "Uh, do I call you "ma'am"?"
Lightning Dust says: "You land this jump, you can call me whatever you want."
Scootaloo says: "Wow."
Scootaloo says: "That sure is..."
Lightning Dust says: "Dangerous?"
Lightning Dust says: "Nah!"
Lightning Dust says: "Well, maybe a little."
Scootaloo says: "Has anypony tested it before?"
Lightning Dust says: "Where's the fun in that?"
Scootaloo says: "There's m-more?!"
Scootaloo says: "!"
Lightning Dust says: "You're not thinking of backing out, are you?"
Scootaloo says: "No!"
Scootaloo says: "I'm just thinking about drinking through straws."
Lightning Dust says: "Are you the president of my fan club or not?"
Scootaloo says: "Of course!"
Scootaloo says: "It's just—"
Lightning Dust says: "You wouldn't wanna get impeached for dishonoring my wishes, would you?"
Scootaloo says: "I..."
Scootaloo says: "Is that a thing?"
Lightning Dust says: "Light it up!"
Scootaloo says: "Okay."
Scootaloo says: "Now I am thinking about backing out."
Lightning Dust says: "Too late!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I know I was supposed to let you make your own decisions, but that doesn't mean I can't swoop in and save you from time to time."
Lightning Dust says: "If I'd known you were gonna bail, I would've done the trick myself!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Great!"
Rainbow Dash says: "So you won't mind how that rope's about to coil around your hoof."
Lightning Dust says: "RIVALS FOR LIIIIIFE!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Wouldn't have it any other way!"
Scootaloo says: "I'm sorry for joining the Washouts."
Scootaloo says: "Lightning Dust wasn't who I thought she was."
Scootaloo says: "She didn't care about me being scared or putting me in danger."
Scootaloo says: "She only wanted a good show, even if it meant I got hurt."
Scootaloo says: "That's not the kind of pony I wanna look up to."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm the one who should be apologizing for not acting like somepony who deserves a fan club."
Rainbow Dash says: "I've been lucky enough to have somepony who thinks I'm the coolest."
Rainbow Dash says: "But there's nothing cool about making you feel like you'll never be as awesome as me."
Rainbow Dash says: "I think we should cancel the Washouts Fan Club."
Rainbow Dash says: "Because I know a fan club that could use some new members."
Scootaloo says: "The Rainbow Dash Fan Club!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Welcome to the first ever meeting of the newest fan club for the awesomest, previously under-appreciated pony in Ponyville!"
Rainbow Dash says: "With founding member and president Rainbow Dash presiding, it's the..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Scootaloo Fan Club!"
Scootaloo says: "You know, Rainbow Dash was right."
Scootaloo says: "Eavesdropping on your own fan club isn't weird at all."