Fluttershy says: "Huh?"
Fluttershy says: "Some poor creature's in trouble!"
Fluttershy says: "We have to help it!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, listen to that suffering!"
Fluttershy says: "It must be in horrible agony!"
Fluttershy says: "Ooh!"
Fluttershy says: "It sounds like a herd of injured chimerae!"
Fluttershy says: "Or it's Cerberus with snifflitis in two of its heads and kennel cough in its third."
Fluttershy says: "Or maybe it's—"
Fluttershy says: "Pinkie Pie?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Thaaaaaaaat's me!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And a-one, and a-two, and a-I know what to do!"
Fluttershy says: "Ugh."
Fluttershy says: "At least no animal is suffering."
Fluttershy says: "Right, Angel?"
Fluttershy says: "Well, until now."
Applejack says: "What is that thing?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's called a yovidaphone."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's from Yakyakistan, where it's actually quite popular."
Rainbow Dash says: "Is it supposed to sound like that?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Not exactly."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's known to produce a fairly complicated, melodically rich, and harmonious tone."
Rainbow Dash says: "Are you sure we're talking about the same thing?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Phew!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And that's with only a few days of practice!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Can you believe it?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Rarity says: "Yes."
Rarity says: "Yes, I can."
Applejack says: "I can honestly say I've never heard anything like it in my life."
Pinkie Pie says: "Well, if you enjoyed listening to my playing half as I enjoyed playing my playing, then I should totally play more!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That way, we'll be even!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, I don't think that's necessary, Pinkie."
Rainbow Dash says: "Please."
Rainbow Dash says: "Don't."
Pinkie Pie says: "There's a chance I may have missed a note or two here or there, but I just love playing so much!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You complete me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, I, for one, am glad you're having so much fun with your new hobby."
Pinkie Pie says: "Uh-huh."
Pinkie Pie says: "Sure."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And it's great that you're learning a new skill, and..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "and you're just waiting for me to finish talking so you can start playing again, aren't ya?"
Pinkie Pie says: "No!"
Pinkie Pie says: "But if you're done..."
Pinkie Pie says: "And a-one, and a-two, and a-I know what to do!"
Fluttershy says: "It's okay."
Fluttershy says: "She's gone."
Applejack says: "Anypony else think that sounded like an apple core cut up in a pulp grinder?"
Rarity says: "Apple-solutely!"
Rarity says: "Uh, absolutely."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, so maybe she isn't good yet."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But she's our friend, and we should be supportive."
Applejack says: "She just started playin'."
Applejack says: "She's bound to get better."
Applejack says: "Right?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, we just need to be supportive of her practicing..."
Rainbow Dash says: "So the getting-better part happens as fast as possible."
Rarity says: "Aah!"
Rarity says: "Aah!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're absolutely right, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sometimes it is nice to get out of the library and be in the sun."
Spike says: "Especially when you take the library with you."
Applejack says: "We need to do somethin' about Pinkie Pie's playin'!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Like, now!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Is it really that bad?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Does this answer your question?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh, a trophy?"
Rainbow Dash says: "For second place."
Rainbow Dash says: "Second!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Place!"
Rainbow Dash says: "All because of Pinkie's playing!"
Rarity says: "And I wanted to turn heads with my new fall line, but not like this!"
Applejack says: "And thanks to her fruit-blastin' melodies, I got an orchard full of nothin' but applesauce!"
Applejack says: "And it ain't even saucin' season!"
Rarity says: "And just look what her playing did to poor Fluttershy!"
Applejack says: "I mean, I know we said we should all be supportive, but Pinkie's been playin' for moons now, and she's not gettin' any better."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "If anything, she's gotten worse!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, maybe we can just pretend she's really good, and then I'll find a spell that will—"
Applejack says: "Oh, no, no, no!"
Applejack says: "We're not goin' through that again!"
Applejack says: "Remember how well it worked out when you weren't honest with Celestia about her actin' ability?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We'll just have to tell Pinkie Pie she's not very good at the yovidaphone."
Rarity says: "Well, there's no time like the present."
Pinkie Pie says: "Phew!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Huh, that's weird."
Pinkie Pie says: "I coulda sworn this place was packed a second ago."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hey, guys!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Can I favor you all with a tune?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I take requests!"
Applejack says: "Actually, we do have a request, and yeah, it involves your yovidaphone."
Pinkie Pie says: "You mean the thing I love more than anything else in Equestria?"
Pinkie Pie says: "My sun, my moon, my stars, my everything?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Tell me, tell me, tell me!"
Applejack says: "All right."
Applejack says: "In all honesty..."
Applejack says: "Uh, in all honesty..."
Applejack says: "Rarity has somethin' to say!"
Rarity says: "Pinkie, please listen to Rainbow Dash."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh, fine!"
Rainbow Dash says: "So, Pinkie, remember when we all were shocked to discover Princess Celestia wasn't so good at acting?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yeah, she was awful!"
Pinkie Pie says: "But that's kind of a random thing to bring up."
Pinkie Pie says: "I thought you wanted to talk about my yovidaphone playing."
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, it's, uh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "It's just..."
Rainbow Dash says: "You need to know, uh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie, we all support you, but we're afraid you're just not good at the yovidaphone, and none of us want you to waste your time on something you can't do well."
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh."
Pinkie Pie says: "Why didn't you just say so?"
Rainbow Dash says: "We were all really nervous to tell you."
Pinkie Pie says: "Why?"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's just a silly instrument."
Pinkie Pie says: "Well, lunch break's over."
Pinkie Pie says: "Gotta get back to the bakery."
Pinkie Pie says: "Those apple turnovers aren't gonna apple themselves!"
Pinkie Pie says: "No more yovidaphone playing for me-e-e!"
Fluttershy says: "Wow."
Fluttershy says: "She took that so much better than I thought."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Another beautiful day in Ponyville."
Spike says: "Uh, Twilight, when was the last time you saw Pinkie Pie?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hmmm, not since we told her to stop playing the yovidaphone."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm still surprised with how well she took it."
Spike says: "I don't think she took it as well as you think she took it."
Daisy says: "Top of the morning to ya!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Is it morning?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I hadn't noticed."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's not good."
Rainbow Dash says: "There you are!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We've been looking all over for you!"
Rarity says: "It turns out Pinkie may not have taken our critique of her yovidaphone playing in the spirit with which it was intended."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I saw."
Spike says: "There's gotta be something we can do."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sure there is, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We just have to figure out what."
Rainbow Dash says: "I don't get it."
Rainbow Dash says: "So she's no good at playing the yovidaphone."
Rainbow Dash says: "What's the big deal?"
Rainbow Dash says: "There are so many other things she's really good at doing."
Applejack says: "Yeah!"
Applejack says: "Not bein' able to play the yovidaphone is nothin' compared to all the things she can do well."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And that's exactly what we'll show her!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I bet if we get her to do the stuff she likes and is good at doing, she'll cheer right back up and forget all about the yovidaphone."
Applejack says: "Hoo-whee!"
Applejack says: "That's a great idea!"
Rarity says: "Let's get started."
Rarity says: "Apparently, there's not a moment to lose."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So, I'm guessing nopony had any success?"
Applejack says: "My party cannon idea was a real dud."
Rainbow Dash says: "Don't blame yourself."
Rainbow Dash says: "None of us did any better."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, not to worry."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I came up with the perfect solution."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Instead of trying to remind her what she's good at, we'll remind her what she's best at."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And that's being our friend."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're gonna throw her a Pinkie Pie Appreciation Party!"
Fluttershy says: "That's a wonderful idea!"
Fluttershy says: "If anypony needs to know how much she's appreciated, it's Pinkie Pie."
Rainbow Dash says: "We can get the whole town involved, just so she can see what a good friend she is to everypony."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Then I hereby officially declare today Pinkie Pie Appreciation Day!"
Rarity says: "Now this is perfection!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "If anything could help Pinkie Pie cheer up and make her forget about her yovidaphone, this is definitely it!"
Applejack says: "Sure is!"
Applejack says: "Okay, who's gonna get her?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No need."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Gummy's on it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "In fact, there he is now!"
Applejack says: "Uh, Gummy?"
Applejack says: "You were supposed to bring Pinkie Pie."
Applejack says: "What happened?"
Rarity says: "Is she still coming?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy, can you understand what he's saying?"
Fluttershy says: "I could..."
Fluttershy says: "if he was talking."
Spike says: "Let me try something."
Spike says: "Gummy!"
Spike says: "Where is Pinkie Pie?!"
Spike says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe we should just go and get her."
Applejack says: "What in tarnation is goin' on here?!"
Applejack says: "!"
Rarity says: "This decor is dreadful."
Rainbow Dash says: "And all of Pinkie's stuff is..."
Rainbow Dash says: "gone?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rarity says: "It is a puzzle."
Maud Pie says: "Excuse me."
Rarity says: "Oh, yes, of course."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Um, Maud?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Can I ask you a question?"
Maud Pie says: "You just did."
Applejack says: "Well, can I ask you a question?"
Maud Pie says: "You just did."
Rainbow Dash says: "Fine!"
Rainbow Dash says: "How about if I ask you a—"
Rainbow Dash says: "Wait."
Rarity says: "Oh, for goodness' sakes!"
Rarity says: "Maud."
Rarity says: "All of your sister's things are gone."
Rarity says: "Explain."
Maud Pie says: "No, they're not."
Maud Pie says: "They're right here."
Fluttershy says: "Have you seen Pinkie Pie?"
Maud Pie says: "Lots of times."
Maud Pie says: "I grew up with her."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, let's try this a different way."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why did you pack up all of Pinkie's things?"
Maud Pie says: "She asked me to."
Rest of the Mane Six says: "What?!"
Rest of the Mane Six says: "!"
Maud Pie says: "Pinkie told me to pack up her room and take everything to the rock farm."
Rest of the Mane Six says: "What?!"
Rest of the Mane Six says: "!"
Maud Pie says: "She said she wouldn't need them since she's moving to Yakyakistan."
Rest of the Mane Six says: "What?!"
Rest of the Mane Six says: "!"
Rarity says: "Terribly sorry, Maud."
Rarity says: "Must've misheard you."
Rarity says: "It almost sounded like you said Pinkie's  moved to Yakyakistan!"
Applejack says: "Uh, Rarity?"
Applejack says: "She did say that."
Rarity says: "Uh, terribly sorry, Applejack."
Rarity says: "Must've misheard you."
Rarity says: "It almost sounded like you said  she did say that!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maud, I don't understand."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why would Pinkie leave Ponyville?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Why would she want to go live with the yaks?"
Maud Pie says: "She said without the yovidaphone, her life had no meaning, and at least in Yakyakistan, she could listen to the masters play."
Maud Pie says: "She hoped that would give her some semblance of happiness."
Rarity says: "Well, no!"
Rarity says: "No-no-no-no-no-no-no!"
Rarity says: "That will not do!"
Applejack says: "I say we go to Yakyakistan right now and make her come back home!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We can't just march up there and tell Pinkie what to do."
Fluttershy says: "But..."
Fluttershy says: "we didn't even get a chance to say goodbye!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, we may not be able to go to Yakyakistan and force her to come home, but we could go say goodbye..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "and if we happen to mention how much her friendship means to us, and how much we'd miss her if she were gone forever, and then she decided to come back home on her own..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Then what are we waiting around here for?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Let's get going to Yakyakistan!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're almost there."
Applejack says: "Pinkie's gotta be around here somewhere."
Fluttershy says: "But where?"
Rarity says: "Is that..."
Rarity says: "?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The music of the yovidaphone."
Rainbow Dash says: "Are you sure?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Because that actually sounds kinda..."
Rainbow Dash says: "good."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, I'm sure."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come on."
Rainbow Dash says: "Huh."
Rainbow Dash says: "Not what I expected."
Yaks says: "Shhhh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, sorry."
Yaks says: "Shhhhhhh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I said I was sorry!"
Fluttershy says: "There she is!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Gimme another."
Yak waiter says: "But pony already had twenty-five ice—"
Pinkie Pie says: "I said, gimme another!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pardon me!"
Applejack says: "Excuse us."
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, uh, sorry!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I feel nothing."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe we can help with that."
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hey."
Pinkie Pie says: "What are you guys doing here?"
Applejack says: "Just hear us out."
Rainbow Dash says: "We respect your decision to move to Yakyakistan."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But we just wanted to remind you how much you mean to us, and how much we'd miss you if you decided to move here for—"
Pinkie Pie says: "Fine."
Pinkie Pie says: "I'll move back to Ponyville."
Rainbow Dash says: "Wow."
Rainbow Dash says: "That was a lot easier than I thought."
Rainbow Dash says: "We're awesome!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie, what's wrong?"
Pinkie Pie says: "That's what's wrong."
Pinkie Pie says: "I thought coming here and listening to real yovidaphone playing would make me happy."
Pinkie Pie says: "It makes me feel worse."
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm never gonna sound like that."
Yigrid says: "Yovidaphone fan pony watch instrument while Yigrid visit little yak's room?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Eh."
Pinkie Pie says: "If I can't play it, I might as well do menial chores for those who can."
Applejack says: "Okay, so Pinkie Pie is obviously still miserable."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I can't bear to see her like this."
Rarity says: "Indeed."
Rarity says: "But what else can we do?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, we've tried everything!"
Fluttershy says: "Maybe not."
Fluttershy says: "Look!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whoops!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Sorry!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I forgot what an awful yovidaphoner I am."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Playing it makes you so happy."
Pinkie Pie says: "It sure does."
Pinkie Pie says: "I mean..."
Pinkie Pie says: "it did."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Then you should never stop."
Rarity says: "So say we all!"
Applejack says: "Absolutely."
Pinkie Pie says: "But..."
Pinkie Pie says: "you were the ones who told me to stop because I wasn't good."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And we were wrong."
Fluttershy says: "Playing makes you happy."
Rarity says: "And as long as it makes you happy, it doesn't matter how good you are!"
Applejack says: "So get up there and show these yaks how it's done!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I don't know if you've noticed, but the audience are all yaks, and they kind of have "issues" with things that aren't perfect!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Like my playing!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Pinkie Pie, you get up on that stage and play."
Rainbow Dash says: "If these yaks don't like it, they'll have to answer to us!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Well, okay..."
Pinkie Pie says: "If you all say so..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ladies and gentleyaks!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Performing for her very first time here, let's give a big round of stomps for..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Pinkie Pie!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Um, hi!"
Pinkie Pie says: "So, uh, any yaks here from out of town?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooookay."
Pinkie Pie says: "And a-one, and a-two, and I-kinda-remember-what-to-do..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Uhhh, I kinda wasn't expecting this."
Rainbow Dash says: "Me, neither."
Yigrid says: "Oh, pony play good set!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You think so?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Even though it wasn't perfect?"
Yigrid says: "Yovidaphone is instrument of happiness."
Yigrid says: "Playing yovidaphone make pony happy."
Yigrid says: "Pony playing is perfect!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Well if that's the case, lemme play you the song I just wrote two seconds ago!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's called "I've Got the Best Most Supportive Friends a Pony Could Ever Ask For"!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's a working title."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And a-one..."
Applejack says: "And a-two..."
Rarity says: "And a-two..."
Fluttershy says: "And a you-know-what-to-do!"
Rainbow Dash says: "And a you-know-what-to-do!"