Twilight Sparkle says: "Who can tell me what these are?"
Sandbar says: "Whoa..."
Gallus says: "Me likey..."
Yona says: "Shiny!"
Smolder says: "Treasure?"
Ocellus says: "Nope!"
Ocellus says: "They're all legendary magical artifacts!"
Ocellus says: "Heh-heh."
Ocellus says: "I've read ahead in Equestrian Cultures and Camaraderie: Volume Seven."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're right, Ocellus."
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is the Amulet of Aurora, the Talisman of Mirage, the Helm of Yksler, the Crown of Grover, Knuckerbocker's Shell, and Clover the Clever's Cloak."
Spike says: "And the gems are real!"
Spike says: "Eh, not that I..."
Spike says: "tasted them."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess Celestia gifted these to our school, since they each represent one of the cultures our students come from."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And we'll learn all about them in a Spell-venger Hunt!"
Smolder says: "Is that a pony thing?"
Sandbar says: "Eh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's a magical scavenger hunt."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Each of you will work in pairs to try to find where in the school these artifacts are hidden."
Spike says: "The team that finds the most wins a private tour of the Canterlot Archives with Princess Celestia."
Silverstream says: "Learning and fun?!"
Silverstream says: "!"
Silverstream says: "Does it get any better than that?!"
Silverstream says: "!"
Gallus says: "You've been underwater a long time, haven't you?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Gallus and Silverstream, sounds like you're our first pair!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "They'll make a great team."
Yona says: "Um, why pony glowing?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wait."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You all were called on this friendship quest, too?"
Fluttershy says: "It must be a really important one."
Rarity says: "And terribly far away."
Rainbow Dash says: "Just getting there will take days!"
Applejack says: "Do y'all know what this means?"
Applejack says: "There won't be any teachers left to run the school!"
Fluttershy says: "Should we send our students home?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I say we take 'em with us!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Road trip!"
Rarity says: "In the middle of my friendship quilting class?"
Rarity says: "I think not!"
Rarity says: "All of those unfinished seams!"
Applejack says: "Problem is we don't even know how long we'll be gone."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Don't worry, everypony."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I already have a seventy-point plan in place for this very situation."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You want me to be headmare?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're the perfect choice!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're a good leader and an expert in friendship."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I trust you to run this school exactly as I would."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Uh, that's a pretty big responsibility, Twilight."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Which is why I've prepared everything you need."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The curriculum, rules for the Spell-venger Hunt, dining hall menus for the next six months..."
Spike says: "Six months?!"
Spike says: "!"
Spike says: "You're not really gonna be gone that long, are you?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "and Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Anything that isn't covered in my files, he'll be able to help you with."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Then why not put him in charge?"
Spike says: "No-ho-ho, thanks."
Spike says: "Eh, being a princess for Twilight was hard enough."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm gonna pretend that made sense."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But if you're sure it's what you really want, I promise I won't let you down."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I knew I could count on you."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Great."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What could possibly go wrong?"
Spike says: "Goodbye, Rarity!"
Spike says: "A-And everypony!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Come back soon!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Please!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Huh?"
Discord says: "I hate goodbyes, don't you?"
Discord says: "I just go to pieces."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Discord!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What a..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "heh..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "nice surprise!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "This is your first time at our new school, isn't it?"
Discord 1 says: "Oh, was I not invited to the grand opening?"
Discord 2 says: "Friends and Family Day?"
Discord 3 says: "Baccalaureate?"
All three Discords says: "I hadn't noticed."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, at least you're here now."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Um, why are you here now?"
Discord says: "To fill in for Twilight, of course, as head-draconequus."
Discord says: "I seem to recall a whole song about how this school is where you make your own rules."
Discord says: "Now, who better at that than me?"
Spike says: "Then you also must've heard Starlight is in charge now."
Discord says: "Really?"
Discord says: "I thought there must be some mistake."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Nope."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Twilight picked me for the job."
Starlight Glimmer says: "And she left pretty detailed instructions for me to follow."
Discord says: "Well, I'm sure that she wouldn't mind a few tiny suggestions."
Discord says: ""Item one – Gravity is optional."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Whoa-oa!"
Discord says: ""Item two – The school's new mascot is an ambidextrous marmoset."
Discord says: ""Item three—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Not gonna happen."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I promised Twilight I'd handle this her way."
Starlight Glimmer says: "So thanks, but no thanks."
Discord says: "Reeeeeeally?"
Discord says: "Well, we'll see if you change your mind."
Spike says: "Uh-oh."
Spike says: "When we play Ogres & Oubliettes and he puts that many E's in "really", the things don't usually end well."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Don't worry, Spike."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Discord and I are old "save Equestria" buddies."
Starlight Glimmer says: "He'll be fine."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Now, what's next on Twilight's list?"
Spike says: "Okay."
Spike says: "I hid the artifacts for the Spell-venger Hunt and ordered school supplies for the week."
Spike says: "All you have to worry about is teaching class."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Thanks, Spike."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Maybe we will get through this okay."
Castle Thunder.
Discord says: "Come in, come in."
Discord says: "You'll let the twittermites out."
Spike says: "Twittermites?"
Spike says: "Ow!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Discord!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What are you doing?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Discord says: "Nopony was at your desk."
Discord says: "Imagine what Twilight would say."
Starlight Glimmer says: "We'll take it from here, Discord."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Go relax."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Have a cup of tea."
Starlight Glimmer says: "At home."
Discord says: "Oh!"
Discord says: "Some thanks for all my help."
Discord says: "And after I hired all those substitute teachers for you."
Spike says: "Actually, that does sound kinda helpful."
Spike says: "And it was next on our to-do list."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Which teachers did you hire?"
Iron Will says: "They call it "making friends", because you have to make creatures be your friends!"
Iron Will says: "Show me what you've got, yak!"
Yona says: "Be my friend."
Iron Will says: "If you're quiet, I don't buy it!"
Yona says: "Be my friend!"
Iron Will says: "I've heard pudding that's more convincing!"
Yona says: "Be!"
Yona says: "My!"
Yona says: "Friend!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "That's not how Twilight teaches friendship."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Some field trip!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Where's my iced tea?!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Now it's too hot!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Now it's too tea-flavored!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "You call yourselves friends?!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "!"
Spike says: "That is definitely not how Twilight teaches friendship."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You hired a tree as a teacher?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Discord says: "Its schedule was free."
Spike says: "Uh, guys?"
Spike says: "That's not just any tree."
Spike says: "It's a dragon-sneeze tree."
Starlight Glimmer says: "W-W-W-Wait!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Calm down, everycreature!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's gonna be okay!"
Yona says: "BE MY FRIEEEEENNNND!"
Discord says: "Mmmm, my, my, my."
Discord says: "You do seem like you're in over your head."
Discord says: "Won't Twilight be so disappointed with how you're ruining—"
Discord says: "I mean, running her school?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Discord!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "This is all your fault!"
Discord says: "Mine?"
Discord says: "I thought you were in charge here."
Discord says: "But I'm happy to pitch in if you need me."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What I need is for you to leave!"
Discord says: "Happy now?"
Spike says: "Come on, Discord."
Spike says: "You know that's not what she means."
Discord says: "Fine!"
Discord says: "From now on, I won't try to help."
Discord says: "At!"
Discord says: "All!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Thanks, Spike."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Let's just hope he stays gone."
Spike says: "I wouldn't count on it."
Spike says: "I think Discord's trying to test you."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But why?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I thought we were friends."
Spike says: "Well, it's kinda what he does."
Spike says: "Even to ponies or dragons he cares about."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, well, I'm ready for him."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I told Twilight I'd run her school right, and I'm gonna keep that promise."
Starlight Glimmer says: "No matter what."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Good morning, students!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I know there's been a little bit of adjustment since the professors left for their trip."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But I've brought in new new teachers."
Starlight Glimmer says: "And now everything should run smoothly."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Now it's time for class."
Starlight Glimmer says: "And don't forget, this afternoon is the Spell-venger Hunt!"
Discord says: "Yo!"
Discord says: "Greetings, fellow creatures!"
Discord says: "Is this seat taken?"
Trixie says: "Welcome, class!"
Trixie says: "You may call me the Great and Powerful Professor Trrrrrri—"
Discord says: "Shhh!"
Discord says: "Really, that's so inconsiderate!"
Discord says: "Oh, I better take this."
Discord says: "Hello?"
Discord says: "Oh, he did not!"
Discord says: "And what did you say?"
Discord says: "You did not!"
Trixie says: "Discord!"
Trixie says: "Why are you here?!"
Trixie says: "!"
Discord says: "Why, I'm a student of friendship, of course."
Discord says: "Unless you don't think you're good enough to teach me."
Trixie says: "Of course I am!"
Trixie says: "No fruit calls in my class!"
Trixie says: "Magic is the most important element of friendship."
Trixie says: "So, today I, the Great and Powerful Trixie, will put on a magic show!"
Pigasus squeals.
Discord says: "I'm learning so much."
Discord says: "Aren't you?"
Trixie says: "Discord!"
Trixie says: "Eh, hello?"
Trixie says: "Um, what exactly is a long-distance plan?"
Discord says: "Take a lap, team!"
Sandbar says: "Uh, actually, we just finished Professor Spitfire's workout."
Discord says: "Sounds like somepony needs a little motivation."
Silverstream says: "I've never run so fast in my life!"
Silverstream says: "Oh, this is great!"
Sandbar says: "Hey, coach, we need a break."
Discord says: "Friendship is about honesty."
Discord says: "So believe me when I say..."
Discord says: "we're not stopping!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Discord, that's enough!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Endangering students crosses the line!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I don't know why you're trying to ruin this school, but it stops now!"
Discord says: "I wouldn't be so sure."
Starlight Glimmer says: "This is your last warning."
Spike says: "Hey-hey-hey!"
Spike says: "Take it easy, Starlight!"
Spike says: "Discord's your friend, remember?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, he's not acting like it!"
Spike says: "She's right, Discord."
Spike says: "What's your problem?"
Discord says: "My problem?"
Discord says: "How is the fact that Twilight decided to put an incompetent, power-hungry unicorn in charge of her school my problem?!"
Discord says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Don't worry."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I just banished him from school grounds forever."
Starlight Glimmer says: "He's fine."
Spike says: "That probably made things worse."
Spike says: "Why didn't you just talk to Discord?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Because he's right about one thing."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I've been doing a terrible job as headmare."
Spike says: "No, you haven't."
Spike says: "Discord is just bein'..."
Spike says: "Discord."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Maybe."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But I wonder why me being in charge bothers him so much."
Spike says: "We can figure that out after the Spell-venger Hunt."
Spike says: "C'mon!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "For this afternoon's Spell-venger Hunt, you'll need to use the artifacts' history to find where they're hidden in the castle."
Starlight Glimmer says: "When you spot one, touch it with a magic shield to keep track of your score."
Spike says: "Twilight left the list of your hunt partners before she left."
Spike says: "I'll pass out the shields."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Ready..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "set..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Spell-venger Hunt!"
Spike says: "C'mon!"
Spike says: "We can use Twilight's observatory to watch the teams!"
Smolder says: "I hope you know where you're going."
Ocellus says: "To the Helm of Yksler!"
Smolder says: "Eh, works for me."
Ocellus says: "In our book, it says Yksler was an honorable yak warrior."
Ocellus says: "Any enemies that saw him put down their weapons in peace."
Ocellus says: "I think his artifact must be in one of these suits of armor."
Smolder says: "I'm guessing that one."
Ocellus says: "Yes!"
Ocellus says: "One down, five to go!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Awww, Ocellus and Smolder found their first artifact!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Wait."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What's that?"
Ocellus says: "Uh, I don't think that's part of the Spell-venger Hunt!"
Ocellus says: "The school is haunted!"
Smolder says: "And not cool!"
Silverstream says: "We're totally gonna win this Spell-venger Hunt!"
Gallus says: "Yeah, I doubt that."
Gallus says: "But at least I know where one of the artifacts is."
Gallus says: "Saw Spike hide it yesterday."
Gallus says: "The Crown of Grover!"
Gallus says: "Score!"
Gallus says: "They say it's magic and King Grover used it to become the first ruler of Griffonstone."
Gallus says: "I know, pretty sweet, right?"
Silverstream says: "You paid attention in class!"
Gallus says: "What?!"
Gallus says: "!"
Gallus says: "I-If you ever tell an—"
Gallus says: "Whoa!"
Silverstream says: "3D painting!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Yup, that's definitely Discord."
Starlight Glimmer says: "This is not good."
Spike says: "I thought you banished him from the school."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Only his body."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Apparently, his ghost can come and go just fine."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Let's go."
Starlight Glimmer says: "We have to stop this."
Spike says: "How?"
Spike says: "No offense, but I don't think magic is the answer against Discord."
Starlight Glimmer says: "This time, I'm not using magic."
Yona says: "Hmm..."
Yona says: "What Yona look for?"
Sandbar says: "The Shell of Knuckerbocker."
Sandbar says: "It's like a seashell, but if you blow into it, you call a dragon!"
Sandbar says: "There's a sweet poem in our book about it."
Sandbar says: ""Climb to the heights with dragon flight."
Sandbar says: ""  Like flight of stairs!"
Yona says: "Yona take pony word for it."
Yona says: "Huh?"
Sandbar says: "What's happening?!"
Sandbar says: "!"
Yona says: "Ugh!"
Yona says: "Yona not know!"
Yona says: "But Yona do know Yona not like Spell-venger Hunt!"
Discord's Ghost says: "Boo!"
Discord's Ghost says: "Boo!"
Discord's Ghost says: "Boo!"
Ocellus says: "Whoa!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Everycreature, stop!"
Silverstream says: "B-B-B-But the school is haunted!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's not haunted."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's Discord."
Discord's Ghost says: "Headmare Starlight!"
Discord's Ghost says: "Look at me!"
Discord's Ghost says: "Look!"
Discord's Ghost says: "I won the Spell-venger Hunt!"
Discord's Ghost says: "Well done, me!"
Discord's Ghost says: "Now what's my prize?"
Spike says: "Detention."
Discord's Ghost says: "Well, that's disappointing."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Discord, you can't keep messing up the school."
Discord's Ghost says: "On the contrary."
Discord's Ghost says: "I think I rather can."
Discord's Ghost says: "And will."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Then I have just one thing to say to you."
Discord's Ghost says: "Oh, do go on."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm sorry."
Discord's Ghost says: "What?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I had to stop thinking like a headmare and start thinking like a guidance counselor to finally understand."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You felt left out."
Discord says: "Uh..."
Discord says: "I don't know what you're getting at."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Nopony ever invited you to the school."
Starlight Glimmer says: "And when you offered to help, I didn't listen."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I was so worried about doing things Twilight's way, I didn't stop to think about being a good friend."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'd like to apologize for that."
Starlight Glimmer says: "And offer you the job of vice headmare."
Spike says: "Huh?"
Silverstream says: "Really?!"
Silverstream says: "!"
Gallus says: "What?!"
Gallus says: "!"
Ocellus says: "Why?!"
Ocellus says: "!"
Yona says: "No!"
Smolder says: "Him?!"
Smolder says: "!"
Sandbar says: "Totally confused."
Discord says: "I accept!"
Discord says: "I mean, I-I-I suppose I can find some time in my busy schedule to help you out."
Discord says: "But I will need my own office, expense account, parking space..."
Spike says: "You're new to the world of education, aren't you?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Next time you want something, just ask for it, all right?"
Discord says: "But then we'd miss out on all those delightful misadventures."
Spike says: "Hey!"
Spike says: "Watch the wings!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Now, Vice Headmare Discord, if you'll help me get this Spell-venger Hunt back in order."
Discord says: "Everything is re-hidden."
Discord says: "Well, with a few surprises."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Discord!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't believe you tricked us into going on a friendship quest that wasn't real!"
Discord says: "Oh, back so soon?"
Rarity says: "A glamour spell on our cutie marks?"
Rainbow Dash says: "A fake summons from the map?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hey, at least we got to go spelunking in that really creepy cave with all those eyeless worm creatures chasing us."
Yona says: "Oh, Yona so glad ponies back!"
Applejack says: "Uh, y'all get the feelin' we missed somethin'?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thanks for taking care of the school, Starlight."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It was a challenge."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Heh."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But I think things turned out just the way you'd have handled them."
Spike says: "Guess this means you're not vice headmare anymore."
Discord says: "Oh, poo!"
Discord says: "I just ordered business cards!"