Apple Bloom says: "I can't believe we're goin' to the Appleloosa County Fair!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Animal shows, carnival rides..."
Scootaloo says: "And all kinds of food on a stick!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Speaking of food, did you pack snacks for the train?"
Scootaloo says: "For there and back."
Apple Bloom says: "And our train tickets are all set."
Sweetie Belle says: "And I've got our whole itinerary planned!"
Apple Bloom says: "Are you sure you're not Twilight's sister?"
Scootaloo says: "Weeks of planning has all come down to this."
Scootaloo says: "All we have to do now is wait for our chaperone to get here."
Apple Bloom says: "Mm-hmm!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Mm-hmm!"
Apple Bloom says: "So when's Rainbow Dash comin'?"
Scootaloo says: "I thought you were gonna ask Applejack."
Apple Bloom says: "I don't suppose you asked Rarity?"
Sweetie Belle says: "You mean we spent all this time planning a trip, and none of us asked anypony to take us?!"
Sweetie Belle says: "!"
Scootaloo says: "In our defense, every other part of the trip was planned really well."
Sweetie Belle says: "We really did think of everything except finding somepony to take us, and the fair is only today!"
Rarity says: "I'm sorry, darlings, but I can't possibly go to Appleloosa."
Rarity says: "I promised to deliver a new design to Fancy Pants for his Monocle and Top Hat Appreciation Society soiree."
Sweetie Belle says: "Can't you finish it tomorrow?"
Rarity says: "Well, I could."
Rarity says: "But you'll learn as you get older how important it is to keep your promises, especially when running a business."
Sweetie Belle says: "Maybe we should just go by ourselves?"
Rarity says: "What?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "Oh, my dear, no!"
Rarity says: "Appleloosa is far too long a train ride for young foals without accompaniment."
Rarity says: "You could end up in the wrong place entirely."
Rarity says: "Why don't you see if Rainbow Dash is free?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Sorry, but I just heard from Spitfire that a whole bunch of storm clouds got loose from the cloud factory, and she needs every Wonderbolt to help bust 'em."
Scootaloo says: "Aw, come on, Rainbow Dash!"
Scootaloo says: "They won't miss one pony!"
Scootaloo says: "And we really want to go to the fair!"
Scootaloo says: "Apparently we're too young to go alone."
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, duh."
Rainbow Dash says: "Young ponies like you could get lost and never find your way back."
Rainbow Dash says: "But I still can't go."
Rainbow Dash says: "Being a Wonderbolt isn't just about showing off."
Rainbow Dash says: "It's also a responsibility."
Rainbow Dash says: "You'll understand when you get older."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm sure you'll find somepony else to take you."
Applejack says: "I wish I could, sugarcube."
Applejack says: "But Big Mac's not feelin' well today."
Apple Bloom says: "Awww."
Apple Bloom says: "But Big Mac's old enough to take care of himself, and we'd all have so much fun together."
Applejack says: "Sometimes takin' care of somepony is more important than havin' fun."
Applejack says: "Speakin' of which, don't you even think about tryin' to go without a grown pony there to take care of you."
Applejack says: "You could end up in hot water or worse."
Apple Bloom says: "We know."
Scootaloo says: "The fair could be over before we find somepony to take us."
Apple Bloom says: "But then we thought of you, since the fair will be full of all sorts of animals and creatures."
Fluttershy says: "I'm sorry, but Twilight has an important magical research project, and she's asked for my help."
Sweetie Belle says: "I guess that means Twilight's busy, too?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm afraid I am."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Star Swirl sent me this enchanted flower, and it isn't doing well."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If I figure out its magical properties, maybe we can save it."
Scootaloo says: "So that's a "no" on going with us to the fair?"
Apple Bloom says: "We've already asked Applejack, Rainbow Dash, and Rarity, and none of them can come."
Sweetie Belle says: "And everypony made it clear we're too young to go on our own."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, definitely."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You could take the wrong train or miss your stop..."
Fluttershy says: "Or get lost in a strange town and end up in a dangerous situation with nopony to help you."
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "We know!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know it's hard, but sometimes you just can't do what you want."
Scootaloo says: "I'm pretty sure if you wanted to go to the fair, you could."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sure, grown-ups can do a lot of things that foals can't."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But there's plenty we can't do either."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Like right now, I can't find a single reference to this flower!"
Fluttershy says: "None of the birds or insects I've talked to have heard of it either."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I wonder if there's anything in Shadetail Evergreen's Tome of Flora and Fauna?"
Fluttershy says: "That book's pretty out of date, but it might be worth a try."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think there's a copy in the library filed under "Discontinued But Still Potentially Useful Ancient Texts"."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Unless I put it under "Hokum With a Slight Chance of Practical Applications"."
Apple Bloom says: "I guess this flower is the most interestin' thing we're gonna see today."
Scootaloo says: "Unless you count watching Twilight struggle to remember how she organizes her books."
Sweetie Belle says: "I bet every pony in Equestria is in Appleloosa right now."
Apple Bloom says: "Every pony but us."
Scootaloo says: "I wish we didn't have to wait to grow up."
Apple Bloom says: "I wish it would happen all at once."
Apple Bloom says: "Then we'd know everything we need to get to the fair and back with no problem."
Sweetie Belle says: "I just wish we were as old as our sisters."
Sweetie Belle says: "Then nopony could tell us what to do, and we'd be able to take care of ourselves."
Scootaloo says: "Hey, Sweetie Belle, why's your face all lit up?"
Scootaloo says: "Do you know what this means?"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "We can go to the fair!"
Apple Bloom says: "I hope you brought the tickets."
Apple Bloom says: "We've gotta hurry if we're going to make the train."
Sweetie Belle says: "I think we'll be fine."
Sweetie Belle says: "Check out how fast we're going!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Grown-up legs are strong!"
Scootaloo says: "You're not kidding!"
Scootaloo says: "I don't know how much of this my scooter can take!"
Apple Bloom says: "And nopony yelled at us to slow down even once!"
Apple Bloom says: "Being a grown-up is great!"
Sweetie Belle says: "We made it!"
Apple Bloom says: "Of course we did!"
Apple Bloom says: "We're grown-up ponies now!"
Apple Bloom says: "We can do anything!"
Apple Bloom says: "And all those worries Twilight and the others had don't apply anymore."
Apple Bloom says: "Because we're big!"
Apple Bloom says: "And bein' big is all it takes!"
Cutie Mark Crusaders.
Woke up this morning feeling tired and small.
But look at us now - we must be ninety feet tall.
Don't have to worry 'bout making mistakes.
Because being big is all it takes.
Scootaloo.
A tiny twist of fate brought on this big change.
Give me room, gotta zoom, I've got plans to arrange.
Can do what I want, be it run, trot, or traipse.
Cutie Mark Crusaders.
Being big isn't just a size.
At bedtime we don't even have to close our eyes.
We're in control now, for goodness' sake.
Sweetie Belle.
Leaving behind the little pony you've known.
Stepping out, growing up, making moves of my own.
You can't tell me no, there's no place I can't go.
Mountains, cities, jungles, or lakes.
Cutie Mark Crusaders.
Being big isn't just a size.
We'll tell you our opinion 'cause we're oh, so wise.
We're in control now, for goodness' sake.
Scootaloo.
I can eat all the snacks 'cause that's for me to decide.
Apple Bloom.
We know how it all works, even what we ain't tried.
Sweetie Belle.
Facts don't matter now 'cause it's not what we know.
We can win any argument with...
Cutie Mark Crusaders.
Can't stop us now, don't try to stand in our way.
We're awake, gonna take all we can from today.
Once we had to listen, now you'll hear what we say.
Everything is always okay.
All it takes!
Scootaloo says: "I think I ate too many snacks."
Sweetie Belle says: "Uh, this doesn't look like Appleloosa."
"Loose Tracks" says: "That's because it isn't..."
Apple Bloom says: "You all heard that, right?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Uh, hello?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Do you think we got on the wrong train?"
Scootaloo says: "I thought trains just took you where you wanted to go."
"Loose Tracks" says: "Sorry, I don't mean to laugh."
"Loose Tracks" says: "But you three must not travel much."
"Loose Tracks" says: "This is Hayseed Junction."
"Loose Tracks" says: "The train to Appleloosa isn't for a few hours."
"Loose Tracks" says: "Or you could set off on hoof."
"Loose Tracks" says: "It's treacherous and confusing!"
"Loose Tracks" says: "Unfit for the young or timid!"
"Loose Tracks" says: "But you three are grown-ups."
"Loose Tracks" says: "You'll be fine."
"Loose Tracks" says: "I'll write down some directions."
Sweetie Belle says: "Maybe we should wait for the train."
Scootaloo says: "And miss the fair?!"
Scootaloo says: "!"
Sweetie Belle says: "We already ended up in the wrong place, which is exactly what we were warned about."
Sweetie Belle says: "And what if we can't follow the directions?"
Apple Bloom says: "Come on."
Apple Bloom says: "We didn't come all this way for nothin'."
Apple Bloom says: "Besides, I've been through a swamp as a young pony."
Apple Bloom says: "As a grown-up, it'll be a snap."
Scootaloo says: "Grown-ups always know the way!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Because being big is all it takes!"
"Loose Tracks" says: "Sorry."
"Loose Tracks" says: "I've got kind of a throat thing."
Scootaloo says: "Aah!"
Scootaloo says: "Sweetie Belle, are you sure this is the right way?"
Scootaloo says: "Sweetie Belle?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Scootaloo?"
Scootaloo says: "Aah!"
Scootaloo says: "Don't do that!"
Apple Bloom says: "Girls?"
Apple Bloom says: "Maybe we should head back to the station."
Sweetie Belle says: "I'm not sure we can."
Sweetie Belle says: "I think we're lost."
Scootaloo says: "Just like Twilight and the others said!"
Spur says: "Well, where were you when I was feeding and caring for him?!"
Spur says: "!"
Biscuit says: "Wild swamp ponies!"
"Spring Green" says: "Hmph!"
"Savage Honeydew" says: "Hmph!"
Sweetie Belle says: "We're not wild swamp ponies."
Sweetie Belle says: "We're just grown-ups."
Scootaloo says: "And we are definitely not lost."
Spur says: "Okay."
Spur says: "But that swamp is pretty confusing if you're not from around here."
Spur says: "I'm Spur, and this is Biscuit."
Apple Bloom says: "I'm Apple Bloom."
Apple Bloom says: "Nice to meet you."
Apple Bloom says: "But, uh, we're not confused."
Apple Bloom says: "We're just..."
Apple Bloom says: "explorin' new ways to Appleloosa."
Biscuit says: "Hey, that's where we're going!"
Spur says: "No, it isn't!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Uh, which is it?"
Spur says: "Biscuit thinks he can just take Bloofy here to the fair."
Biscuit says: "Why not?"
Biscuit says: "It's just up the road."
Biscuit says: "And Bloofy's my pet, too."
Spur says: "Since when?!"
Spur says: "!"
Spur says: "Bloofy's never even seen a crowd!"
Spur says: "Which you'd know if you ever took care of him!"
Biscuit says: "Did you ever think meeting all those ponies might be good for him?"
Apple Bloom says: "He seems okay meetin' us."
Biscuit says: "See?"
Biscuit says: "They're grown-ups, and they get it."
Biscuit says: "Bloofy should totally come to the fair with me, right?"
Spur says: "Y'all don't really think that, do ya?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Um..."
Sweetie Belle says: "Hold on."
Sweetie Belle says: "Us grown-ups need to confer."
Sweetie Belle says: "What do you girls think?"
Scootaloo says: "If they go to the fair, we can tag along!"
Apple Bloom says: "And Spur probably should share Bloofy."
Apple Bloom says: "I mean, that's somethin' a grown-up would say, right?"
Sweetie Belle says: "As grown-up ponies, we think you should share Bloofy and let Biscuit take him to the fair."
Biscuit says: "That is some quality grown-up advice!"
Spur says: "But Bloofy's never been around anything that exciting."
Spur says: "What if something goes wrong?"
Apple Bloom says: "We're headed to the fair, too."
Apple Bloom says: "Since we're such great advice givers, feel free to ask us for more."
Sweetie Belle says: "It's everything I thought it'd be!"
Passerby Pony says: "Well, my goodness, what an interesting critter!"
Passerby Pony says: "You should enter him in the animal showcase."
Passerby Pony says: "You'd be sure to win "Most Interesting Creature"!"
Biscuit says: "Animals showcase?"
Biscuit says: "That's exactly what we should do!"
Spur says: "That seems like a bad idea."
Spur says: "What do you grown-ups think?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Whoo-hoo!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Whoo-whoo!"
Spur says: "What happened to being able to ask your advice?!"
Spur says: "!"
Spur says: "You ran off the second we got here!"
Apple Bloom says: "Where's Biscuit and Bloofy?"
Spur says: "That's why I came to find you."
Spur says: "It's one thing to bring Bloofy to the fair, but it's another to stick him in a showcase!"
Biscuit says: "What's the big deal?"
Sweetie Belle says: "You are supposed to be sharing him."
Scootaloo says: "Yeah, I'm with Biscuit."
Scootaloo says: "The showcase looks like fun."
Spur says: "Sorry if I think taking care of Bloofy is more important than having fun!"
Biscuit says: "Bloofy's just excited."
Biscuit says: "He probably just wants to get out."
Apple Bloom says: "Are you sure you're not just upset you have to share him?"
Apple Bloom says: "What if you took a little break?"
Spur says: "You mean, like, leave?"
Sweetie Belle says: "If sharing him is too hard, that might be the best thing."
Sweetie Belle says: "Take our word for it."
Sweetie Belle says: "We are grown-ups."
Apple Bloom says: "I don't know what Spur's so worried about."
Apple Bloom says: "Bloofy and Biscuit are havin' fun."
Scootaloo says: "Yeah."
Scootaloo says: "What could go wrong?"
Scootaloo says: "Me and my big grown-up mouth."
Apple Bloom says: "Do you think this qualifies as gettin' into a dangerous situation with no grown pony to help us?"
Sweetie Belle says: "I think we're the grown ponies that need to be helping today!"
Scootaloo says: "Bloofy!"
Scootaloo says: "Treats, treats, treats!"
Scootaloo says: "Who wants a treat?"
Biscuit says: "What do we do now?!"
Biscuit says: "!"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "Run!"
Fluttershy says: "I hope you're right about the girls coming here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, once we read Shadetail Evergreen's warning that the flower grants wishes, it wasn't a stretch to think they wished themselves to the fair."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's all they were talking about."
Fluttershy says: "Or maybe, since we told them they were too young to come, they wished to become grown-ups, then came here and caused some kind of trouble that led to a town-wide panic!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yeah."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Or that."
Apple Bloom says: "Twilight!"
Apple Bloom says: "Fluttershy!"
Apple Bloom says: "Thank goodness!"
Apple Bloom says: "I know you're not gonna believe it, but it's me, Apple Bloom!"
Scootaloo says: "And I'm Scootaloo!"
Scootaloo says: "We kinda got turned into grown-ups!"
Sweetie Belle says: "And we thought we could take the train here, since we were old enough, but we ended up in the wrong place, just like you said we would!"
Apple Bloom says: "And got lost!"
Scootaloo says: "Just like you said we would!"
Apple Bloom says: "Then we met these foals who led us to the fair, and we tried to give them some grown-up-style advice, but it turned their pet into a tornado that might destroy the whole town!"
Fluttershy says: "Goodness!"
Fluttershy says: "A Whirling Mungtooth!"
Fluttershy says: "They are very rare and just the cutest little things when they're not excited."
Fluttershy says: "This one's excited."
Scootaloo says: "How do we calm him down?"
Fluttershy says: "When they're young, a Mungtooth forms a tight bond with its caretaker."
Fluttershy says: "They're the only ones who can get them to stop spinning."
Biscuit says: "Spur's the one who really took care of Bloofy."
Biscuit says: "We have to find her!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You all go look for Spur."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy and I will do our best to keep everypony here safe."
Spur says: "That's Bloofy?!"
Spur says: "!"
Biscuit says: "I'm so sorry, Spur."
Biscuit says: "You knew what was best for him all along."
Apple Bloom says: "And even though we seem like grown-ups, you were way more responsible than us."
Spur says: "What do you mean, "seem" like grown-ups?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Uh, we don't have time to explain."
Sweetie Belle says: "Right now we have to stop this, and you're the only one who can do it."
Spur says: "How?"
Fluttershy says: "I'll show you."
Fluttershy says: "He mostly just needs to see you."
Spur says: "Hey there, Bloofy-boo."
Spur says: "It's okay."
Spur says: "How did you know what to do?"
Fluttershy says: "After years of experience with animals, I've picked up a few things."
Spur says: "Well, one thing's for sure."
Spur says: "Bloofy definitely earned the "Most Interesting Creature" prize."
Biscuit says: "I'm sorry I didn't listen to you."
Apple Bloom says: "We all are."
Spur says: "I guess grown-ups aren't always perfect."
Twilight Sparkle says: "They sure aren't, but young foals pretending to be grown-ups are even less so."
Spur says: "What do you mean?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "There's only one petal left."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I think the three of you know what to wish for."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And I'm pretty sure Star Swirl won't mind."
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "We wish we were foals again."
Biscuit says: "Hold on!"
Biscuit says: "You three are actually younger than us?!"
Biscuit says: "!"
Sweetie Belle says: "The flower turned us into grown-ups, so we figured we could do whatever we wanted."
Sweetie Belle says: "But I guess that's not exactly true."
Apple Bloom says: "We did everything real grown-ups told us not to and caused all kinds of trouble."
Scootaloo says: "And things could have been a lot worse."
Scootaloo says: "I guess we were pretty selfish."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm glad you learned something."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's what growing up is."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Which is why you probably shouldn't skip any of it."
Sweetie Belle says: "I know we didn't make the best impression, but we sure would like to visit you and Bloofy some day."
Spur says: "I guess that'd be okay, on one condition."
Spur says: "You get a real grown-up to bring you."
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "Deal!"