Spike says: "Mail's here!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Please be a yes, please be a yes, please be a yes..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "She can make it, she can make it!"
Spike says: "Going out on a limb here, but I'm guessing that Princess Cadance said she can come this weekend!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm finally gonna get to spend some quality time with my sister-in-law!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is the best news ever!"
Fluttershy says: "Um, so sorry for barging in like this..."
Fluttershy says: "but I'm so excited, I just couldn't wait to tell somepony!"
Fluttershy says: "The Equestrian Society for the Preservation of Rare Creatures have given me permission to observe the rarest, tiniest, most adorable magical creatures in all of Equestria – the Breezies!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wow, Fluttershy, that's fantastic!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, it's not just fantastic; it just might be the best news ever!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I just got the most incredible mail anypony's ever received in all of recorded pony postal history!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's a flyer about a one-day sale on used patio furniture!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Aah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Could this day get any better?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Woo-hoo!"
Rarity says: "Here's a wrap, in case it gets cold."
Applejack says: "And I packed you a basket of nice fresh apples in case you get hungry."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Have a great time!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I will."
Fluttershy says: "And I hope you have fun with Cadance."
Conductor says: "All aboard!"
Fluttershy says: "Goodbye!"
Fluttershy says: "Goodbye, everypony!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Fluttershy!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'll never forget youuuuuuu!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh, something floaty!"
Pinkie Pie says: "La-la-la-la-la!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, I'm a bit nervous about Cadance's visit!"
Applejack says: "What could you be nervous about, Twilight?"
Applejack says: "Cadance just loves you to pieces!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know, but I really want her visit to go without a hitch!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, why wouldn't it?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, the last three times we've seen each other haven't exactly been worry-free."
Rarity says: "The fate of Equestria has hung in the balance during most of your visits with her."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Exactly."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Cadance and I haven't really had a chance to just enjoy being friends again."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Which is why it is so important that this visit be about the two of us having some real quality time together."
Applejack says: "I'm guessin' you've got a plan that'll keep it that way."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The timing couldn't be more perfect."
Twilight Sparkle says: "For one day only, right here in Ponyville, the Star Swirl the Bearded Traveling Museum!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Cadance and I can spend the whole day looking at Star Swirl the Bearded artifacts!"
Rarity says: "Sounds like a perfect drama-free way to spend the day with Cadance."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Not counting the drama surrounding which of the bells from his cloak they've chosen to put on display."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spoiler alert: it's this one!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, sorry."
Rainbow Dash says: "Something in my throat..."
Rainbow Dash says: "like a big ball of 'lame'!"
Rarity says: "I think it sounds delightful."
Applejack says: "Yup, definitely sounds like you two will have some real quality time together."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Exactly."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just quiet time."
Princess Cadance says: "Your Highness."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Your Highness."
Princess Cadance says: "I'm teasing, Twilight."
Princess Cadance says: "We're sisters-in-law."
Princess Cadance says: "We don't have to be so formal."
Princess Cadance says: "Knowing you, you've made some plans."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Boy, have I."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hang on just one second."
Rarity says: "Now, now, don't you worry about a thing!"
Rarity says: "We will make sure that nothing – but nothing – interferes with your visit."
Applejack says: "Go on, have a hootenanny with your kinfolk."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You really are the best friends a pony could ever have."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Coming, Cadance!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Two sisters-in-law bonding."
Pinkie Pie says: "Well, I for one am gonna make sure that nothing spoils their day!"
Applejack says: "What is that thing?"
Rarity says: "Whatever it is..."
Rarity says: "duuuck!!!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Rarity, that doesn't look anything like a duck!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What is that?"
Discord says: "No, not a "what", but a "who", dear."
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, no..."
Rainbow Dash says: "That sounds like..."
Discord says: "Oh..."
Applejack says: "Discord!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Discord!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Discord!"
Rarity says: "Discord!"
Applejack says: "What in tarnation are you doin' here?"
Applejack says: "And why the jumpin' June bugs are you blue?"
Rarity says: "More like a shade of cerulean, to be precise."
Rainbow Dash says: "Whatever color you are is the color of trouble!"
Discord says: "Oh, Rainbow Dash, I've changed, surely you remember?"
Applejack says: "What are you, sick or somethin'?"
Discord says: "Well, of course I'm sick."
Discord says: "The blue skin?"
Discord says: "These sneezes?"
Discord says: "Could somebody find me a fainting couch?"
Rarity says: "What?"
Discord says: "How charming, thank you."
Discord says: "I can't stop sneezing and wheezing."
Discord says: "In short..."
Discord says: "I need help."
Rainbow Dash says: "If you're so 'sick', why have you come here instead of, y'know, staying home in bed and getting over your weird illness?"
Discord says: "Because this condition has left me helpless, simply helpless!"
Discord says: "Why, I can barely lift a spoon."
Discord says: "I came to find the one pony who truly understands me and could nurse me back to health."
Discord says: "Where is that dear, sweet Fluttershy?"
Discord says: "I need attention!"
Discord says: "I need some care!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You need to chill."
Rainbow Dash says: "Fluttershy's out."
Discord says: "Oh, of course, her trip to see the Breezies."
Discord says: "Ah, yes, I had forgotten that was today."
Applejack says: "How do you know about her trip?"
Discord says: "Well, she told me about it in her last letter."
Pinkie Pie says: "You and Fluttershy write each other letters?"
Discord says: "Well, of course we do!"
Discord says: "We're friends!"
Discord says: "It's just such a shame that today of all days is when I really need her."
Discord says: "Oh, well, I know what to do."
Rainbow Dash says: "Good thinking."
Rainbow Dash says: "Head on home, put your feet up."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm sure eventually you'll have the strength to make yourself soup or something..."
Discord says: "Oh, no-no-no-no-no-no!"
Discord says: "I mean, while she's gone, you ponies can take care of me!"
Discord says: "Isn't that what friends are for, taking care of each other?"
Discord says: "Let the healing begin!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Not it!"
Discord says: "Well, that's some way to treat a suffering friend."
Pinkie Pie says: "Don't you worry, Discord!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'll give you cuddles, and read you stories, and tell you all about me!"
Discord says: "Oh, you're so sweet to offer, but Rarity and Applejack already volunteered to be my own personal nursemaids."
Applejack says: "We did?"
Rarity says: "We did?"
Discord says: "I so hope you don't mind, Pinkie Pie."
Pinkie Pie says: "Well, as a matter of fact, I most certainly- Hey!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Who keeps throwing away these perfectly good balloons?"
Applejack says: "That joker's up to something, and whatever it is, we're gonna keep it as far away from Twilight and Princess Cadance as possible."
ECG beeping.
Rarity says: "You're right."
Rarity says: "We promised we wouldn't let anything ruin their visit..."
Rarity says: "although I do so wish that "anything" had turned out to be something else!"
Discord says: "Did I hear you two talking about Princess Cadance's visit with Princess Twilight?"
Applejack says: "Maybe."
Discord says: "Fluttershy had mentioned that those two were getting together today."
Discord says: "Mm-hm."
Discord says: "How wonderful for them both."
Discord says: "It is so rare that those two get to see one another."
Discord says: "I don't know about you, but I sometimes wonder how close they could actually be."
Discord says: "All those years apart before being reunited?"
Applejack says: "They're plenty close."
Discord says: "And if they're not, this rare opportunity to focus on their friendship will certainly bring them closer."
Discord says: "Unless..."
Rarity says: "Don't even think about it!"
Rarity says: "They mustn't be disturbed!"
Discord says: "Disturb them?"
Discord says: "I wouldn't dream of it."
Discord says: "Not when I have two such dear friends of my own who have already offered to take care of me."
Discord says: "And at such peril!"
Discord says: "This flu of mine is highly-  contagious."
Discord says: "Oh no, I've gotten you both sick."
Discord says: "Whomever shall I turn to now in my time of need?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "A whole day to celebrate Star Swirl the Bearded."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What could be better?"
Princess Cadance says: "Absolutely nothing."
Princess Cadance says: "Is that the candlestick he used to light the way when he was exploring the caverns of Maretania?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It sure is!"
Princess Cadance says: "Oh, I can't believe I'm getting to see it in real life!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Discord!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What are you doing here?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Discord says: "Oh, dear, dear Princesses, I'm sorry to say that I'm sick."
Discord says: "Blue flu."
Princess Cadance says: "Blue flu?"
Discord says: "Ah, I fear I've already given it to poor Applejack and Rarity."
Princess Cadance says: "Magic health bubble."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Good thinking."
Discord says: "Indeed."
Discord says: "How would Twilight nurse me back to health if she were sick too?"
Discord says: "You will be letting me stay at your place until I'm all better, won't you?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Stay?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "With me?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh, now is not really the best time, though I'm sure you already knew that..."
Discord says: "But taking in the sick and the desperate - isn't that what Fluttershy would do?"
Discord says: "Isn't 'helping' something that friends do for friends?"
Discord says: "Unless, of course, you're really saying that you're not my friend."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No, that is not what I'm saying."
Discord says: "Oh, how elated I am to hear that."
Discord says: "Shall the three of us head back to your place?"
Discord says: "I don't want to get anypony else sick."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Guess we don't have much choice."
Discord says: "Carry me?"
Princess Cadance says: "It isn't far."
Princess Cadance says: "I think you can manage."
Discord says: "Oh, poo."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Need anything else?"
Discord says: "Just knowing that I have a good friend like you to take care of me has made me feel better already."
Discord says: "I'll be fine here on my own."
Discord says: "Oh, just before you go, just a little small request."
Princess Cadance says: "It's going to be fine."
Princess Cadance says: "We'll just get him what he wants and be back to the exhibit in no time."
Princess Cadance says: "What was it that you needed?"
Discord.
A little glass of water please.
A fresh pressed hanky if I sneeze.
Some tea with honey from the bees.
Whenever you can brew it.
Princess Cadance says: "I'll get your tea."
Discord.
And while I get a little rest.
A teeny tiny small request.
Some codfish oil for my chest.
Poured from a crystal cruet.
Twilight Sparkle says: "A crystal cruet?"
Discord.
My goodness, I'm a nincompoop.
Because I fear I've got the croup.
I need a vat of pumpkin soup.
And scarves made out of zinnias.
Did I say zinnias? I meant silk.
Or something shiny of that ilk.
And then I'll need some nice warm milk.
And pastries from Abyssinia.
And since my stomach's feeling crummy.
Why not give my aching tummy.
Something soothing, something yummy.
Piled up with noodles?
Add a slice of homemade rye.
With stacks of Swiss way up high.
Served with sides of sweet mince pie.
More basil; I need oodles!
Twilight Sparkle says: "Anything else?"
Discord.
I'll be grateful for your charity.
Until the bitter end.
Because I've heard that tenderness.
Is what you lend an ailing friend.
Tenderness, isn't that right, friend?
Twilight Sparkle says: "Right, but—"
Discord says: "So, who's ready for my big reprise?"
I'd like that glass of water please.
Some magic spell to cure disease.
A firm "gesundhoof" when I sneeze.
A fresh bouquet of roses.
Some lozenges will soon appease.
My wheezing when I start to sneeze.
A wig to keep me from the breeze.
And blankets for my toes-es.
Take tweezers out of my valise.
And then massage my knobby knees.
A bowl of peas, some extra cheese.
A cuddle with a Pekingese.
A singing harp who's named Louise.
A goat on skis, a new trapeze.
And more and more and more and more of these.
And just because I oughta...
Make sure I'm drinking in the right.
Amount of fluids day and night.
I wish I may, I wish I might.
Have just one little thing.
Oh, would you please finally bring.
Me that tiny glass.
Of water?!!
Discord says: "Oops."
Discord says: "Sorry."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Alright, this is ridiculous!"
Princess Cadance says: "How did you even catch this flu?"
Discord says: "Inadequate hoof and claw washing?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "There must be some way to just cure you!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "There has to be a spell or remedy in one of my books!"
Discord says: "There is one way..."
Princess Cadance says: "And you didn't think to mention it earlier?"
Discord says: "Slipped my mind."
Discord says: "On a hill at the very edge of Equestria, there grows an exquisite magic flower."
Discord says: "Pick the flower as it drops its petals at sunset."
Discord says: "Then you can make a magical soothing elixir to cure the blue flu."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I suppose you have a good reason you didn't bother to get this flower as soon as you realized you were sick?"
Discord says: "Well, I couldn't travel that far in my condition."
Discord says: "By the time I got there, I'd be too weak to even attempt to retrieve the flower."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So where exactly are Cadance and I headed?"
Discord says: "Well,  you'll want to head north, turn left, th—"
Discord says: "Oh..."
Discord says: "You know, it'd be much easier if I took you there myself."
Princess Cadance says: "I thought you were in no condition to travel."
Discord says: "I'm not."
Discord says: "We'll need to make some arrangements."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Doing okay there?"
Princess Cadance says: "To be honest, I'm a little out of practice when it comes to flying."
Discord says: "Well, then lucky for you."
Discord says: "We're here."
Discord says: "It's just at the top of that hill."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm really sorry about this."
Twilight Sparkle says: "All I wanted was to have some peaceful quality time together."
Princess Cadance says: "I know, I was looking forward to it too."
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is the top."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But where is that flower?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come on, if we hurry, we can still have some time together."
Princess Cadance says: "One..."
Princess Cadance says: "last..."
Princess Cadance says: "pull!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Phew!"
Princess Cadance says: "What in Equestria?!"
Princess Cadance says: "!"
Princess Cadance says: "Twilight!"
Princess Cadance says: "Help!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Get your coils off my sister-in-law!"
Princess Cadance says: "Let go of my sister-in-law!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thanks!"
Princess Cadance says: "Don't thank me yet!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "a little..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "more!"
Princess Cadance says: "And for good measure..."
Princess Cadance says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you okay?"
Princess Cadance says: "Yes."
Princess Cadance says: "Better than okay actually."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Then let's get Discord back to Ponyville, make that elixir, and finally get a chance to spend some quality time together."
Discord says: "To the ends of Equestria!"
Discord says: "To face such great danger!"
Discord says: "And she did it for me!"
Discord says: "She did it all for me, for me, for me!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "were..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "faking?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Discord says: "I was!"
Discord says: "But I had a very good reason."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're listening."
Discord says: "Well, I was in my thinking tree – that's where I do most of my really deep thinking – I was there, and I said to myself, I said, "Discord, your friend Twilight says that she's your pal, but she never writes and she never pops in for a visit."
Discord says: ""Now that she's a princess, maybe she's decided that she's too good for you."
Discord says: "But how was I supposed to know for sure that I'm truly still friends with one of the most important ponies around?"
Discord says: "By seeing if you would go to the ends of Equestria for me, of course."
Discord says: "Which you did, literally."
Discord says: "Congratulations, Twilight, you passed my friendship test!"
Discord says: "Why the angry eyes?"
Discord says: "You love passing tests."
Discord says: "It's not because my little exam put a damper on your visit with Princess Cadance, is it?"
Discord says: "Made it so that there was no time for you two to focus on your friendship?"
Princess Cadance says: "You didn't put a damper on our visit at all."
He didn't?!
I didn't?!
Princess Cadance says: "Spending the day at the Star Swirl the Bearded exhibit would've been more relaxing, but to be honest, relaxation is the last thing I need."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It is?"
Princess Cadance says: "Don't get me wrong."
Princess Cadance says: "Life in the Crystal Empire is wonderful, but it's become a little..."
Princess Cadance says: "predictable."
Princess Cadance says: "I enjoy a little excitement now and then."
Princess Cadance says: "Getting to face all these challenges today was just what I needed."
Princess Cadance says: "And facing them with you just made me realize even more how lucky I am to have somepony like you as a friend."
Princess Cadance says: "We may not see each other very often, but I know you'll always be there when I need you."
Princess Cadance says: "Just like she was there for you, Discord."
Discord says: "Yes, she's a real sweetheart."
Discord says: "We're all so lucky to have her in our lives."
Discord says: "What in the world?!"
Discord says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think it's pretty clear that my visit with Cadance didn't go quite the way I expected."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But in the end, I realized that when you're with a good friend, even the most chaotic day can end up being a great experience that brings you closer."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wouldn't you agree, Discord?"
Discord says: "Yes, Twilight."
Applejack says: "I don't wanna go sayin' you got what you deserved..."
Rarity says: "Well, I have no trouble saying it."
Rarity says: "You got what you deserved!"
Fluttershy says: "Now, now, he's learned his lesson."
Fluttershy says: "Isn't that right, my little patient?"
Discord says: "I'm so glad that you're back from your trip, Fluttershy."
Discord says: "Just your presence here is making me feel so much better."
Discord says: "I was just wondering, could I trouble you for just one more thing?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No!"
Discord says: "What?"
Discord says: "I was simply going to ask for a teeny, tiny glass of water."