Pinkie Pie says: "So let me get this straight..."
Pinkie Pie says: "You and Spike are putting together a magical book of memories that you plan to give to Twilight as a surprise at her coronation, and you need me to get her to talk about her favorite memories of me so you can record them all in your book?"
Spike says: "Pretty much."
Pinkie Pie says: "Twilight is heading over here to taste the cupcakes I made for her coronation."
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I know just how I can use that to get her memory muscles moving."
Starlight Glimmer says: "That's good, because there isn't any place for us to hide while you do it, so you're gonna be on your own."
Starlight Glimmer says: "The book's all set."
Starlight Glimmer says: "When you're ready, just tap the cover with your hoof, and it'll start recording whatever memories are nearby."
Starlight Glimmer says: "A-And that's why a savory pie is a far superior—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, hey, Twilight!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hey, Starlight."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hey, Spike."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Hello, Spike!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I didn't see you there, since we came into the shop separately and not together."
Spike says: "Uh, we definitely came here for totally different things."
Spike says: "But now it's time for us to go!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Bye, Twilight!"
Spike says: "Bye, Twilight!"
Pinkie Pie says: "For your coronation cakes, I've used the science of baking to come up with a formula that connects tastes with memories!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Take a bite and tell me the first thing you remember."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hmmm..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I guess this tastes like..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "the first time we met?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Surprise!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hi, I'm Pinkie Pie, and I threw this party just for you!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Were you surprised?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Were ya?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Were ya?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Huh huh huh?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Very surprised."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Libraries are supposed to be quiet."
Pinkie Pie says: "Well, that's silly!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What kind of welcome party would this be if it were quiet?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I mean, duh, bo-ring!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Y'see, I saw you when you first got here, remember?"
Pinkie Pie says: "You were all "hello" and I was all , remember?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Y'see I've never saw you before and if I've never saw you before that means you're new, 'cause I know everypony, and I mean everypony in Ponyville!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And if you're new, that meant you haven't met anyone yet, and if you haven't met anyone yet, you must not have any friends, and if you don't have any friends then you must be lonely, and that made me so sad, then I had an idea, and that's why I went!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I must throw a great big ginormous super-duper spectacular welcome party and invite everyone in Ponyville!"
Pinkie Pie says: "See?"
Pinkie Pie says: "And now you have lots and lots of friends!"
Applejack says: "Are you all right, sugarcube?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Aww, she's so happy she's crying!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Not bad..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Now try this!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hmm..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That ancient ruin could be right in front of our faces and we wouldn't even know it."
Rarity says: "I didn't see you there, my apologies."
Rainbow Dash says: "Right here..."
Rainbow Dash says: "guh..."
Applejack says: "Oh, wait."
Applejack says: "I think I stepped in somethin'."
Applejack says: "It's just mud."
Applejack says: "Aah!"
Mane cast sans Pinkie says: "Huh?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie, what are you doing?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Run!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh girls, don't you see?"
Pinkie Pie.
When I was a little filly and the sun was going down...
Twilight Sparkle says: "Tell me she's not..."
Pinkie Pie.
The darkness and the shadows, they would always make me frown...
Rarity says: "She is."
Pinkie Pie.
I'd hide under my pillow.
From what I thought I saw.
But Granny Pie said that wasn't the way.
To deal with fears at all.
Rainbow Dash says: "Then what is?"
Pinkie Pie.
She said, "Pinkie, you gotta stand up tall.
Learn to face your fears.
You'll see that they can't hurt you.
Just laugh to make them disappear.".
Ha! Ha! Ha!
Pinkie Pie.
So, giggle at the ghostly.
Guffaw at the grossly.
Crack up at the creepy.
Whoop it up with the weepy.
Chortle at the kooky.
Snortle at the spooky.
And tell that big dumb scary face to take a hike and leave you alone and if he thinks he can scare you then he's got another thing coming and the very idea of such a thing just makes you wanna... hahahaha... heh...
Laaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaauuuugh!
Pinkie Pie says: "I'll accept that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can tell what that one is just by looking at it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't even need to taste it—"
Pinkie Pie says: "Wrong!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ulp!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ugh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Is everypony all right?"
Fluttershy says: "I can't tell if my eyes are open or closed."
Rainbow Dash says: "I think I can see a little bit."
Rainbow Dash says: "Gah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Nope."
Main cast sans Pinkie says: "Ooooh..."
Applejack says: "Look at these!"
Applejack says: "Pinkie Pie's made files for everypony in town!"
Fluttershy says: "With exactly what kind of parties we like."
Rainbow Dash says: "Pinkie Pie has a secret party-planning cave?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "How cool is this?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Fluttershy says: ""Twilight Sparkle likes vanilla ice cream, red balloons, dancing..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's right!"
Fluttershy says: ""But she's afraid of quesadillas."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No, I'm not!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "They're just so..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "cheesy."
Applejack says: "Looky here."
Applejack says: "It's notes for the party she wants to throw for her folks' fiftieth anniversary."
Applejack says: "But they ain't nearly that old!"
Applejack says: "Huh."
Applejack says: "She's already plannin' their one-hundredth too."
Applejack says: "And their five-hundredth?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I had no idea she worked so hard on her parties."
Rainbow Dash says: "She may be more organized than you, Twilight."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Let's not get carried away."
Rarity says: "I just wish Pinkie Pie were here so we could tell her how much we all appreciate her hard work."
Pinkie Pie says: "Thank you!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Thank you!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I love you too!"
Pinkie Pie says: "All of you!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know about your memory, formula, but I sure liked the cupcakes."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And thinking of some of my favorite times with you was pretty fun, too."
Pinkie Pie says: "Eh, close enough."
Pinkie Pie says: "Thanks for your help."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Hello again!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "It seems that we—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "uh, I forgot to pick up our—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "um, my order."
Spike says: "Me, too!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Well, that could not have gone better."
Pinkie Pie says: "I got Twilight to remember all sorts of fun memories of me."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, that's great!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "And the book worked okay when you tapped it?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Uh..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, yeah."
Pinkie Pie says: "I..."
Pinkie Pie says: "kinda forgot about that part."
Pinkie Pie says: "Thanks for coming back!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I really thought I had my taste/memory formula figured out, but I was completely/totally wrong."
Pinkie Pie says: "So..."
Pinkie Pie says: "on to stage two!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, I definitely know what this one is."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkies, you've been brought here to take a test."
Pinkie Pie Duplicates says: "Awww!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Don't worry, it's a simple test, about as simple as they come, and whoever passes gets to stay."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Curtain, please."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The test..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "will be watching paint dry!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "On your mark, get set, go!"
Spike says: "Ooh, this is so exciting!"
Spike says: "Okay, maybe not that exciting."
Pinkie Pie Duplicate says: "Oh, hey, look at the birdie!"
Pinkie Pie Duplicate says: "Watch me bounce and touch the ceiling!"
Pinkie Pie Duplicate says: "Is that..."
Pinkie Pie Duplicate says: "is that a frog crossed with an orange?"
Pinkie Pie Duplicate 2 says: "Cool!"
Pinkie Pie Duplicate 3 says: "Where?"
Pinkie Pie Duplicate says: "Look what I can do with my hooves!"
Pinkie Pie Duplicate says: "Betcha can't make a face crazier than..."
Pinkie Pie Duplicate says: "this!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh, I can't take it anymore!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Somepony's making balloon animals!"
Pinkie Pie Duplicate says: "What?"
Pinkie Pie Duplicate says: "Where?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie, you can look away now."
Pinkie Pie says: "I passed?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You passed."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're the only Pinkie who kept staring at the wall."
Pinkie Pie says: "I had to."
Pinkie Pie says: "I just had to."
Pinkie Pie says: "I couldn't leave my friends, I just couldn't."
Pinkie Pie says: "But I guess sometimes I will have to choose between them."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I knew you'd be up to the challenge."
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm me!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm me!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm me!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That's nice, but this cake isn't supposed to remind you of that."
Pinkie Pie says: "It's supposed to remind you of all the holidays I invented!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Happy day-after-your-birthday, Zecora!"
Pinkie Pie.
Happy month-i-versary to you and you today!
Pinkie Pie says: "Surprise!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Happy seventy-third Wonderbolt training session!"
Pinkie Pie says: "We were just celebrating the anniversary of the twins' first sneezes!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Congratulations on your seventy-fourth Wonderbolt training session!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Happy unofficial "Wake Your Friends Up" Day!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Happy "It's Not Your Birthday But Here's a Pie Anyway" Day!"
Pinkie Pie says: "National Random Holiday Party Day!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Woo-hoo!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now this one definitely makes me think of..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hmm..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Twitchy twitcha twitcha twitch."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie Pie?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What in the wide, wide world of Equestria are you up to?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's my tail!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's my tail!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's a-twitch a-twitchin'!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And you know what that means!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Actually, Pinkie, I haven't the slightest idea."
Pinkie Pie says: "The twitchin' means my Pinkie Sense is telling me that stuff's gonna start falling!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You two better duck for cover."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, Pinkie, it's not gonna rain."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why, there's barely even a cloud in the—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ugh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "He just said "nice catch" in frog."
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, no."
Pinkie Pie says: "That's not it at all."
Pinkie Pie says: "Does it maybe remind you of babysitting?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hey, you're a wonderful crowd here tonight!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Where y'all from?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Wow, that's great."
Pinkie Pie says: "Y'know, I used to have an ant farm, but I had to get rid of it because..."
Pinkie Pie says: "I couldn't find tractors that small!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Get it?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Tractors that small?"
Pinkie Pie says: "The other day, I spilled spot remover on my dog..."
Pinkie Pie says: "and now I can't find him!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Gee, tough crowd."
Pinkie Pie says: "Tell me about it."
Pinkie Pie says: "Fine, I wasn't gonna pull off a show stopper, but you're a lovely audience and I think you deserve it!"
First you jiggle your tail! Oink oink oink!
Then you wriggle your snout! Oink oink oink!
Then you wiggle your rump! Oink oink oink!
Then shout it out! Oink oink oink!
First you jiggle your tail! Oink oink oink!
Then you wriggle your snout! Oink oink oink!
Then you wiggle your rump! Oink oink oink!
Then shout it out! Oink oink oink!
Pinkie Pie.
First you jiggle your tail! Oink oink oink!
Then you wriggle your snout! Oink oink oink!
Then you wiggle your rump! Oink oink oink!
Then shout it out! Oink oink oink!
Pinkie Pie says: "There, see?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Nothing to this babysitting business!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ugh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes, absolutely."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's exactly what this cake reminds—"
Pinkie Pie says: "No, it doesn't!"
Pinkie Pie says: "But maybe it reminds you of all the crazy outfits I've worn over the years, huh?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes?"
Pinkie Pie says: "NO!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Those were all trick questions!"
Pinkie Pie says: "This cake is about my ability to sum up a series of events in a quickly stated run-on sentence that keeps going for as long as it takes for me to say either everything that's happened up to this point or everything that's going to happen with no real way of explaining how I could possibly know that information!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie, I love that you're taking this job so seriously."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Memories or not, I trust you to make whatever coronation cakes you want."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Pinkie, that was great!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I think we got everything we needed."
Pinkie Pie says: "We most certainly did not!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Twilight got all those memories wrong!"
Pinkie Pie says: "My taste/memories formula isn't working!"
Spike says: "Didn't you just make that up?"
Pinkie Pie says: "But that doesn't mean it shouldn't work!"
Pinkie Pie says: "We need to try again!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Back to the cutting board!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Aah!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie, it's the middle of the night!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What are you doing here?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I think I finally cracked/solved the taste/memory formula!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Here!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie, this cake is..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't even describe it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wow, Pinkie."
Twilight Sparkle says: "This came together quick, even for you."
Pinkie Pie says: "What can I say?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm good at what I do."
Pinkie Pie says: "Prince Rutherford, every time we tried to make something in Equestria feel like Yakyakistan, we couldn't get it right."
Pinkie Pie says: "When I got back from my adventure, I realized something."
Pinkie Pie says: "We shouldn't try to make Equestria feel like your home."
Pinkie Pie says: "We should try to make you feel at home in Equestria."
Pinkie Pie says: "And that means showing you why we love it here, so you'll love it too."
Prince Rutherford says: "Pink pony work hard to make yaks feel at home."
Prince Rutherford says: "Now yaks happy."
Prince Rutherford says: "No declare war."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Those look yummy, Pinkie!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Let me help you!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But we better cover them up so they don't get spoiled."
Pinkie Pie says: "Why would they get spoiled?"
Pinkie Pie says: "We're all gonna eat them super soon!"
Applejack says: "Oh, didn't anypony tell you?"
Applejack says: "Shining Armor and Cadance are held up."
Applejack says: "They may not arrive 'til Saturday."
Pinkie Pie says: "Whaaaaaaaaaat?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "another whole day?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I don't know if I can!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie Pie, do you have something you need to say?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You seem like you've been keeping something in."
Fluttershy says: "We're here to listen."
Applejack says: "Well, go on then, sugarcube."
Rarity says: "We're not going to judge you, darling."
Spike says: "You'll feel so much better once you get it off your chest!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Come on."
Rainbow Dash says: "Whatever it is, you can tell us!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We're best friends!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Friends!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Friends!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Friends!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Tell!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Tell!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Tell!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Tell!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Tell!"
Main cast sans Pinkie Pie says: "Friends!"
Main cast sans Pinkie Pie says: "Friends!"
Main cast sans Pinkie Pie says: "Friends!"
Main cast sans Pinkie Pie says: "Tell!"
Main cast sans Pinkie Pie says: "Tell!"
Main cast sans Pinkie Pie says: "Tell!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Okay, okay, you win!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Shining Armor and Cadance are gonna have a—"
Shining Armor says: "An awesome weekend with the best little sister in all of Equestria!"
Princess Cadance says: "Hi, everypony."
Pinkie Pie says: "..."
Pinkie Pie says: "And then I said goodbye, and then I came here!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And then I gathered you all together and started telling you about it."
Pinkie Pie says: "First, I said—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, that sounds like quite a trip!"
Fluttershy says: "And Cheese Sandwich just left his own factory?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yup."
Pinkie Pie says: "But I think Sans Smirk's hooves were the perfect ones to leave it in."
Pinkie Pie says: "As much as Cheese was born to wander Equestria and make ponies laugh in-person, Sans was born to run that factory."
Applejack says: "And you don't sound so worried about findin' your life's purpose anymore."
Pinkie Pie says: "Nope!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I figured out Cheese and I are pretty much the same."
Pinkie Pie says: "We both need to see ponies laughing to feel fulfilled."
Pinkie Pie says: "And I already do that."
Pinkie Pie says: "My life is purposing itself all over the place!"
Matilda says: "Pinkie Pie, how do you remember everything about everypony?"
Pinkie Pie says: "'Cause everypony's my friend, and I love to see my friends smile!"
Pinkie Pie.
My name is Pinkie Pie Hello!
And I am here to say How ya doin'?
I'm gonna make you smile and I will brighten up your day.
It doesn't matter now What's up?
If you are sad or blue Howdy!
Yes I do.
It fills my heart with sunshine all the while.
Yes it does.
From these happy friends of mine.
I like to see you grin Awesome!
I love to see you beam Rock on!
The corners of your mouth turned up is always Pinkie's dream Hoof bump!
But if you're kind of worried.
And your face has made a frown.
I'll work real hard and do my best to turn that sad frown upside down.
Yes I do.
Bust it out from ear to ear let it begin.
Just give me a joyful grin, grin, grin.
And you fill me with good cheer.
It's true some days are dark and lonely.
And maybe you feel sad.
But Pinkie will be there to show you that it isn't that bad.
There's one thing that makes me happy and makes my whole life worthwhile.
And that's when I talk to my friends and get them to smile.
I really am so happy.
Your smile fills me with glee.
I give a smile I get a smile.
And that's so special to me.
Yes I do.
Tell me what more can I say to make you see.
That I do.
It makes me happy when you beam, beam, beam.
Yes it always makes my day.
Come on everypony smile, smile, smile.
Fill my heart up with sunshine, sunshine.
All I really need's a smile, smile, smile.
From these happy friends of mine.
Choir and Pinkie Pie.
Come on everypony smile, smile, smile.
Fill my heart up with sunshine, sunshine.
All I really need's a smile, smile, smile.
From these happy friends of mine.
Pinkie Pie.
Yes the perfect gift for me.
Is a smile as wide as a mile.
To make me happy as can be.
Choir.
Come on everypony smile, smile, smile.
Fill my heart up with sunshine, sunshine.
All I really need's a smile, smile, smile.
From these happy friends of.
Choir and Pinkie Pie.
Smile, smile, smile, smile, smile.
Pinkie Pie.
Come on and smile.
Come on and smile.
Pinkie Pie says: "Yes!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yes!"
Pinkie Pie says: "All of that!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That's exactly what you were supposed to remember!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This cake is amazing."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm not sure you ever need to bake another one."
Pinkie Pie says: "Let's not go crazy."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't think of a more perfect cake for my coronation."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I should probably get back to sleep."
Pinkie Pie says: "I think we finally got everything we need."
Pinkie Pie says: "Or not."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, no!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Spike, we fell asleep!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm sorry, Pinkie."
Starlight Glimmer says: "We didn't get any of the memories you just went through."
Pinkie Pie says: "No problem."
Pinkie Pie says: "I remember them all."