Previously on My Little Pony.
Princess Celestia says: "It is time for us..."
Princess Celestia says: "to retire!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And you want me to take your place?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Princess Celestia says: "With the help of your friends, of course."
Grogar says: "You may call me..."
Grogar says: "Grogar."
Grogar says: "Together, Equestria will be ours!"
King Sombra says: "I will take back the Crystal Empire on my own!"
Spike says: "How are we gonna stop him?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "With the Elements of Harmony!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "With those, we can defeat anypony!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What."
Rainbow Dash says: "Just."
Rainbow Dash says: "Happened?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "The Tree of Harmony can't really be gone, can it?!"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It can't be!"
King Sombra says: "But it is!"
King Sombra says: "You thought you defeated me, but you led me right to the source of your power."
King Sombra says: "Now that it's destroyed, nothing can stop me!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "He's right..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "With the Elements gone, I don't know how we can defeat him!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Then we'll just have to beat him the old-fashioned way!"
King Sombra says: "Ha!"
King Sombra says: "You're no match for me!"
King Sombra says: "I will finally rule the Crystal Empire!"
King Sombra says: "Wait..."
King Sombra says: "With you out of the way, I will rule all of Equestria!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No!"
King Sombra says: "Oh, yes."
King Sombra says: "And I think I know exactly where I'll start."
Applejack says: "Don't you dare say it!"
King Sombra says: "Your sweet, little hometown."
Rarity says: "You leave Ponyville alone!"
King Sombra says: "Or what?"
King Sombra says: "Without your Elements, it would be so easy to control you."
King Sombra says: "But there's no point."
King Sombra says: "My conquering Ponyville is already your greatest fear!"
Mane Six says: "No!"
Fluttershy says: "What do we do?!"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Tree of Harmony grew the Elements!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It kept the Everfree Forest under control!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And now it's gone."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sombra will take over Equestria, and it's all my fault!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I knew I wasn't ready to take the princesses' place, but I never thought I'd mess up this badly!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What are you looking at me for?"
Rainbow Dash says: "This is usually when you say something funny to lift our spirits."
Pinkie Pie says: "Sorry."
Pinkie Pie says: "Nothing about this is funny to me."
Rarity says: "I'm sorry."
Rarity says: "I'm trying to be strong, but I just can't bear to think about poor Sweetie Belle under the spell of that monster!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Or those sweet little Cake twins..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Or Spike, or Starlight..."
Fluttershy says: "Or Angel..."
Fluttershy says: "or anypony forced to do that monster's bidding!"
Applejack says: "What the—"
Applejack says: "?"
Applejack says: "Twilight, what are you doin'?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We can't just stay here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't have a plan, and I don't know what I'm gonna do once we get out."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But we can't sit here and let Sombra make slaves of everypony we love!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Let me help!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm faster!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I like digging!"
Fluttershy says: "I've been known to get my hooves dirty!"
Applejack says: "Move over, y'all!"
Rarity says: "Normally, I wouldn't dream of digging, but right now, show me the muddy!"
Applejack says: "Apple Bloom!"
Applejack says: "It's me!"
Applejack says: "Look at me, sugarcube!"
Applejack says: "Twilight, you gotta free her!"
Applejack says: "Please!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Without the Elements, my magic isn't strong enough to stop Sombra's!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike, where are you going?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Starlight?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "We must lay siege to Canterlot."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Snap out of it, you two!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're stronger than his magic!"
Rarity says: "Sweetie Belle, please stop!"
Rarity says: "I can't get her to stop!"
Rarity says: "I can't get her—"
Rarity says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "None of us can."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We can't reach them!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Twilight, this is bad!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Like, really bad!"
Fluttershy says: "I've never been so sad in my whole life!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know what to do!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know how to free them, but I don't know how to stop Sombra!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everypony was so sure I'd do such a great job!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, this is exactly what I was afraid of!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Could anything else possibly go wrong?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Well..."
Pinkie Pie says: "With the Tree of Harmony gone, the Everfree Forest could grow out of control and threaten the town!"
Rarity says: "Darling, that's oddly specific."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Even if we figure out how to defeat Sombra and bring everypony back to Ponyville, if we don't stop the forest, there won't be a Ponyville to come back to!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ahem."
Fluttershy says: "For our friends!"
Applejack says: "For our families!"
Rarity says: "For our families!"
Pinkie Pie says: "For our home!"
Rainbow Dash says: "For our home!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "For Equestria!"
Mane Six says: "Equestria!"
King Sombra says: "You!"
King Sombra says: "Break it down!"
King Sombra says: "They've fled!"
King Sombra says: "Celestia and Luna are too cowardly to even stand against me!"
King Sombra says: "Equestria is mine!"
Fluttershy says: "Come on, everypony!"
Applejack says: "We've been at this for hours, but it's just growin' back too fast!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We have to keep trying!"
Applejack says: "I know we're supposed to be able to handle things on our own, but I've never been happier to see two ponies in my whole life!"
Star Swirl says: "Nopony is meant to handle this on their own!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Star Swirl!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Tree of Harmony, it's—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Star Swirl says: "I know."
Star Swirl says: "I alerted the princesses as soon as I could."
Star Swirl says: "I felt it when it happened."
Star Swirl says: "Like part of my essence just ceased to be."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know what you mean."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sorry."
Star Swirl says: "Don't be."
Star Swirl says: "I've more than enough magic in me to keep the Everfree Forest under control."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You can do that?"
Star Swirl says: "The Pillars and I planted the Tree of Harmony."
Star Swirl says: "Who do you think kept the Forest under control before it did?"
Star Swirl says: "It will take time, but with the princesses' help, I can keep it at bay!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Aw, yeah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Go get 'em, beardy!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sombra's back, and he's taken control of all of our friends!"
Princess Luna says: "We've left Canterlot defenseless!"
Princess Celestia says: "Twilight, you must go!"
Princess Celestia says: "Defend Equestria, and we shall contain the forest."
Pinkie Pie says: "At least now we're back to just one problem!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Aw, everypony's all evilly!"
Fluttershy says: "Sombra's gonna force us to fight our way through our friends?!"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Not if I can help it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay, guess we need a different plan."
Rainbow Dash says: "Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm not prepared to fight against the citizens of Equestria!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I guess that's one more thing I'm not ready to do..."
Applejack says: "Well, we'd better figure out somethin' quick, because none of them seem to have a problem with it!"
Rarity says: "Oh, sorry about this, Fancy Pants!"
Applejack says: "We promise we'll let y'all out as soon as we can!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ooh, will I go here?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Or here?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Or here, or there?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "Huh?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Gotcha!"
Fluttershy says: "I don't know how long we can hold them off!"
Applejack says: "And holdin' them off isn't what we need anyhow!"
Applejack says: "We need to get inside!"
Rarity says: "But we can't just leave them here, all possessed and Sombra-fied!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What do we do, Twilight?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know, but we can't stay here!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sorry we couldn't help our friends, but I didn't know what else to do."
Applejack says: "At least we're inside."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We..."
Discord says: "Mmm!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Discord!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What are you doing here?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Discord says: "Well, I was going to hang these up all over the castle to celebrate your coronation, but apparently it's a bit premature."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm so glad to see you!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We could really use some all-powerful Lord of Chaos help right now!"
Discord says: "Moi?"
Discord says: "Oh, I couldn't possibly."
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, poodles!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Discord, please!"
Discord says: "Oh, fine."
Discord says: "Just to be clear, I was really rooting for you to do this on your own and parlay that confidence boost into being the best protectors of Equestria you can be."
Rainbow Dash says: "A little less talking and a little more helping?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "Thank you, Discord!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know what we'd do without you!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay, "King" Sombra!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Time to give up the crown!"
Discord says: "Well, I guess it's on me to be the MVP today."
Discord says: "I was betting on you, and I do hate being wrong."
Discord says: "Although if you think about it, I am your friend, so maybe you win because friendship wins?"
Discord says: "Although Fluttershy should get most of the credit for that."
Discord says: "She's my favorite."
Fluttershy says: "Discord!"
King Sombra says: "Not even the Lord of Chaos can stand against me!"
King Sombra says: "I am truly the most powerful creature in Equestria!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Discord!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We need you!"
Fluttershy says: "Discord!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm so glad you're okay!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We can't beat him without you!"
King Sombra says: "You couldn't beat me with him, either!"
Discord says: "I have nothing left to give."
Applejack says: "That's it, then?"
Applejack says: "We're doomed?"
King Sombra says: "Of course you are."
King Sombra says: "I can't believe it's taken you this long to realize it."
King Sombra says: "Now, how shall I eliminate all this clutter in my throne room?"
Discord says: "you are and always will be the embodiment of magic."
Discord says: "You lost sight of what's in front of you."
Discord says: "You're here, together, willing to give everything you've got for Equestria."
Discord says: "Nothing and nopony can ever take that away from you, because that's who you are."
King Sombra says: "It's going to take more than a sentimental speech to save you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Discord's right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We've proven time and time again that the real magic is the six of us working together!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "With these girls by my side, I'm not afraid of you!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm not afraid of what you can do or how much power you have!"
King Sombra says: "You should be."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You may knock us down, but we're gonna get back up again!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And again!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And again!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "As long as we're together, we will never stop trying to defeat you!"
Fluttershy says: "For our friends!"
Applejack says: "For our families!"
Rarity says: "For our families!"
Mane Six except Twilight Sparkle says: "For our home!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "For Equestria!"
King Sombra says: "No!"
King Sombra says: "This can't be possible!"
King Sombra says: "Your magic can't defeat mine!"
King Sombra says: "I destroyed the source of your power!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You can't destroy our friendship, Sombra!"
Rainbow Dash says: "And we keep telling bad guys."
Applejack says: "But y'all just don't seem to remember."
Mane Six says: "Friendship is magic!"
King Sombra says: "Noooooooooo!"
Fluttershy says: "Aw, do you want more juice?"
Discord says: "Only if it's not too much trouble."
Discord says: "And it's red."
Discord says: "And it has one of those little umbrellas."
Discord says: "And two cherries."
Discord says: "No, no, actually, make it three."
Discord says: "And maybe, uh..."
Discord says: "some donuts?"
Princess Celestia says: "I see you've made yourselves at home."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Celestia!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Luna!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know what you're going to say."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I should have called on you as soon as I knew how dangerous it was."
Twilight Sparkle says: "A good leader knows when to ask for help, and I didn't."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And because of me, the Tree of Harmony was destroyed."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Equestria deserves somepony much better than me as its leader."
Princess Celestia says: "You're right."
Princess Celestia says: "About one thing."
Princess Celestia says: "A good leader knows when to ask for help, but a great leader has the courage to admit when they've made a mistake and the strength to make it right."
Princess Celestia says: "Today, you've proven to me beyond any doubt that you will be a great leader."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Will be?"
Princess Celestia says: "Luna and I have decided it may have been a bit unfair to thrust this upon you without giving you the time you need to prepare."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thank goodness!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I really wasn't ready!"
Discord says: "Not ready?!"
Discord says: "!"
Discord says: "So, Twilight's not taking over?!"
Discord says: "!"
Discord says: "This was all for nothing?!"
Discord says: "!"
Discord says: "I pretended to be very hurt and gave one of the most convincing speeches of my—"
Discord says: "?!"
Discord says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "Pretended?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pretended?!"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Discord says: "Of course!"
Discord says: "You don't think some "would-be king" could actually hurt the Lord of Chaos, do you?"
Discord says: "Anyway, as I was saying, I pretended to be very hurt to convince you that you didn't need anything but yourself to be the incredible leader I know you can be."
Discord says: "And now it's not happening?!"
Discord says: "!"
Princess Celestia says: "It will."
Princess Celestia says: "But when she's ready."
Discord says: "How can she not be ready?!"
Discord says: "!"
Discord says: "What a waste of a perfectly wonderful speech!"
Discord says: "Ugh!"
Discord says: "Honestly, I don't know why I even bother."
Rarity says: "Ugh!"
Rarity says: "So he could have ended the whole Sombra thing whenever he wanted?"
Fluttershy says: "But he didn't, because he cares."
Rainbow Dash says: "That's Discord for ya."
Applejack says: "He sure has a weird way of bein' supportive."
Pinkie Pie says: "Super odd dude."
Discord says: "I heard that!"
Princess Luna says: "Also, truth be told, Celestia and I had fun today fighting side-by-side with Star Swirl for our home."
Princess Luna says: "It's been years since we've gotten to do what you girls do."
Princess Luna says: "You all make it look so easy."
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, we are kind of an awesome team."
Fluttershy says: "Every adventure is heart-pounding, but so rewarding."
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm up for anything, as long as it's with all of you!"
Rarity says: "Life certainly hasn't been dull since we met."
Applejack says: "Nowhere else I'd rather be."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We are pretty incredible together."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And we would do anything for Equestria."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I guess I know, when the time comes, as long as we're together, we probably—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We definitely got this."
Rest of Mane Six says: "Awww!"
Cozy Glow says: "Now I'll say something nice about centaurs."
Cozy Glow says: "Tirek, you say something nice about changelings."
Cozy Glow says: "And Chrysalis, you say something nice about ponies!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Never!"
Grogar says: "Let us hope the three of you will be enough for my plans."
Queen Chrysalis says: "And what of King Sombra?"
Lord Tirek says: "Did he succeed?"
Grogar says: "Hah!"
Grogar says: "I'd say he gambled and lost!"
Grogar says: "But at least he can serve as a warning to those who doubt continuing with my plans."
Grogar says: "Unless any of you have doubts."
Lord Tirek says: "Uh, not I."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Nope!"
Cozy Glow says: "I'm good!"
Grogar says: "Then we shall join forces and work together to bring Equestria to its knees!"