Spike says: "What's wrong, Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ugh, I've gone through every book in Ponyville, Spike, and there isn't a single mention of the mysterious chest that came from the Tree of Harmony, nor anything about keys to unlock it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But something tells me that opening it is pretty important."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I hope Princess Celestia has some ideas."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If the library in Canterlot doesn't have anything, I-I don't know where else to look!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "My dearest Twilight, while it would be perfectly lovely to have you in Canterlot once more, I have another option in mind much closer to Ponyville."
Princess Celestia says: "As you know, the ancient castle that I once shared with Princess Luna lies mostly in ruins, deep in the Everfree Forest."
Princess Celestia says: "But if you look carefully, you may find a book that could prove helpful to your research, hidden somewhere in what's left of the castle library."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wow!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Look at all these ancient books!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's a veritable goldmine of information!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't believe it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Woo-hoo!"
Spike says: "Whoa, whoa-whoa!"
Spike says: "Oof!"
Spike says: "Uh, heh-heh."
Spike says: "So, uh, Twilight."
Spike says: "Uh, ready to head home?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you kidding?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This place is perfect!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm not gonna move."
Rainbow Dash says: "You move."
Applejack says: "Uh-uh."
Applejack says: "There is no way I'm movin'."
Pinkie Pie says: "This is the most daring dare anypony ever dared dare another pony to dare!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Huh?"
Applejack says: "Huh?"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's exciting!"
Parcel Post says: "Uh, whatcha'll doing?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Rainbow Dash and Applejack are competing for the title of "Most Daring Pony"!"
Pinkie Pie says: "This is the final test: the Bee Stare!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Last pony to blink wins!"
Parcel Post says: "..."
Parcel Post says: "I'm gonna need my bees back."
Rainbow Dash says: "But then we'll never find out who the Most Daring Pony is!"
Parcel Post says: "Eh, sorry about that."
Applejack says: "Well, what do we do now?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Don't worry, ladies, I've been keeping excellent score all day!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Congratulations!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You're tied!"
Applejack says: "Tied?"
Rainbow Dash says: "You can't be tied for the Most Daring Pony!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I dunno!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Numbers don't lie!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'd love to stay and keep keeping score, but I promised to help test the new school bell."
Pinkie Pie says: "I get to ring it all week, nonstop!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And I don't even have to take turns, because no one else volunteered!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay, no problem."
Rainbow Dash says: "We just have to come up with another daring dare."
Applejack says: "Right."
Applejack says: "I think I might have an idea of what we can do."
Fluttershy says: "Um, Rarity?"
Fluttershy says: "Don't you think it's a little late in the day to be walking through the forest?"
Fluttershy says: "It is..."
Fluttershy says: "star-spider season, after all."
Fluttershy says: "Though, I'm sure you have a very good reason."
Rarity says: "Simply the most important reason I've ever had in my entire life!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, well then I'm happy to help."
Fluttershy says: "What is it?"
Rarity says: "I've heard rumors that the Castle of the Two Sisters is filled with the most gorgeous of ancient tapestries in all of pony history!"
Rarity says: "It pains me to think of those magnificent creations rotting away in those old ruins, totally unappreciated."
Fluttershy says: "I see..."
Rarity says: "I require your help in borrowing one or two to bring back to the boutique where I can restore them."
Rarity says: "Maybe I'll even use the patterns as the inspiration for a new line!"
Fluttershy says: "That does sound..."
Fluttershy says: "very important."
Fluttershy says: "Um, are you sure you need those tapestries?"
Rarity says: "But, of course."
Rarity says: "Although, I must admit these ruins are a fright."
Rarity says: "Just look at all the dirt everywhere!"
Rarity says: "Ugh..."
Fluttershy says: "Angel!"
Rarity says: "Goodness!"
Rarity says: "It's practically an artistic treasure trove of ancient good taste!"
Fluttershy says: "Angel!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, you really shouldn't have run off like that."
Fluttershy says: "Ancient ruins are filled with all sorts of things that can hurt you!"
Fluttershy says: "You could stub your toe, or, or trip on a loose stone..."
Fluttershy says: "You have to be careful!"
Spike says: "I don't think I'll need all these candles, Twilight."
Spike says: "I was really only scared for a second."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, these aren't for you, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're gonna be studying late into the night, and we're gonna need all the light we can get."
Spike says: "Oh, great."
Applejack says: "Well, here we are!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, what's so daring about this place?"
Rainbow Dash says: "This is where we got the Elements of Harmony."
Applejack says: "When I was just a filly, Granny Smith told me of an ancient legend."
Applejack says: "When Nightmare Moon was banished, not every last bit of her dark magic went with her."
Applejack says: "Granny used to say, when night falls on the castle, that magic takes the form of..."
Applejack says: "the Pony of Shadows!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You mean, like a ghost?"
Applejack says: "Nopony knows!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh."
Rarity says: "This one is perfect!"
Fluttershy says: "Well, it certainly could use some restoration."
Rarity says: "Be a dear, fly up there and lift it off that hook?"
Rarity says: "Maybe from below?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I don't see what's so daring about an old legend."
Rainbow Dash says: "Plus, I don't believe in ghosts."
Applejack says: "You might wanna rethink your position on that."
Applejack says: "You saw that, right?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Run!"
Fluttershy says: "Ow..."
Fluttershy says: "I think I hurt my wing."
Rarity says: "Oh, my dear, I am so sorry!"
Rarity says: "That tapestry is far too heavy."
Rarity says: "We'll just have to find a smaller one."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, of course."
Rarity says: "Where, pray tell, did you disappear to?"
Fluttershy says: "What do you mean?"
Rarity says: "While you were struggling under that fabric, the entire wall spun around!"
Rarity says: "You must have activated a secret door."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I'm sorry."
Rarity says: "I suppose these ruins are chock full of them."
Fluttershy says: "Really?"
Rarity says: "Absolutely."
Rarity says: "We must use the utmost care as we—"
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay, so, maybe the legend is true!"
Applejack says: "Well, that's why I brought you here!"
Applejack says: "I guess only the most daring pony of all could stay in this castle all night without being scared off."
Rainbow Dash says: "Scared?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm not scared!"
Applejack says: "Well, m-me neither!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Then it's settled!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoever stays in the castle the longest is the Most Daring Pony."
Applejack says: "Deal."
Rainbow Dash says: "But it's gonna take a lot more than some shadowy ghost pony to get me to leave."
Applejack says: "Me too!"
Applejack says: "Humph!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Find anything, Spike?"
Spike says: "Uh, nope."
Spike says: "Nothing yet."
Spike says: "Aaah!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Angel?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What are you doing here?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe this is the book Princess Celestia was talking about!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I sure hope you're not afraid of the dark, Applejack!"
Applejack says: "I can't say that I am!"
Applejack says: "But even if I was, I'd be at least fifty percent less scared of it than you, Rainbow Dash."
Rainbow Dash says: "I dunno how all that math works because I'm not scared at all!"
Applejack says: "Me neither!"
Applejack says: "Huh?"
Rainbow Dash says: "W-what's the matter?"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's just a dark hallway full of..."
Rainbow Dash says: "disembodied pony legs."
Applejack says: "Yeah."
Applejack says: "Nothin'..."
Applejack says: "creepy about that."
Rarity says: "I'm starting to wonder if maybe this castle doesn't want my expertise!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh dear."
Fluttershy says: "Angel?"
Fluttershy says: "Rarity, have you seen him?"
Rarity says: "I'm not sure he made the trip down with us, dear."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, goodness!"
Fluttershy says: "We have to find him."
Fluttershy says: "An ancient castle is no place for a bunny."
Fluttershy says: "He could get hit by falling debris, or the floor could give out under him!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh!"
Fluttershy says: "He could be trapped in a dark place with no way out!"
Rarity says: "I can only imagine how that might feel."
Rarity says: "Hmm..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Applejack, if you're scared, you can just admit it."
Rainbow Dash says: "You don't need to put your hoof around me."
Applejack says: "Uh, I'm over here."
Fluttershy says: "Rarity!"
Fluttershy says: "What is it?"
Rarity says: "I felt something..."
Rarity says: "alive!"
Fluttershy says: "Angel!"
Rarity says: "Well, tapestries or no, I have had just about enough of secret passages, mysterious presences, and unappreciative castles!"
Fluttershy says: "But we can't leave now, not with Angel lost somewhere in this dangerous old castle!"
Fluttershy says: "He could be trapped under a crumbling statue, or stuck high in a tower without food or water or any friends at all!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike, you've got to hear this."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I love to duck behind the paintings, and though the Hall of Hooves still gives her a bit of a fright, the trap door slide is Luna's favorite."
Spike says: ""Hall of Hooves"?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Soon the Organ to the Outside will be finished."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can hardly wait."
Spike says: "What's the "Organ to the Outside"?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I have no idea!"
Applejack says: "You hear that?"
Rainbow Dash says: "You mean, the creepy sound of a haunted pipe organ?"
Applejack says: "Uh..."
Applejack says: "maybe?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I don't know what you're talking about!"
Spike says: "Uh, Twilight?"
Spike says: "Did you hear something?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Quit being such a scaredy-dragon."
Twilight Sparkle says: "This castle is thousands of years old, and half of it was destroyed by Nightmare Moon."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Of course it makes strange sounds."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's practically falling apart!"
Spike says: "Oh..."
Spike says: "kay."
Fluttershy says: "Angel!"
Fluttershy says: "Angel!"
Rarity says: "I'm sure we'll find him."
Fluttershy says: "Angel?"
Fluttershy says: "Did you find Angel?"
Fluttershy says: "Is he okay?"
Rarity says: "They are perfect!"
Rarity says: "No castle in its right mind could possibly object to my restoring such exquisite works of art."
Fluttershy says: "Oh!"
Fluttershy says: "They're lovely, Rarity, but..."
Fluttershy says: "I have to keep looking for Angel."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I hope he doesn't think I've given up on him."
Rarity says: "I'm right behind you!"
Rarity says: "Won't..."
Rarity says: "a moment!"
Applejack says: "Do you think there's a single room in this castle that isn't filled with terrifying things?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's just old pony armor."
Rainbow Dash says: "What's the big deal?"
Applejack says: "Yeah!"
Applejack says: "It's not like it's gonna come to life or anything."
Applejack says: "Right?"
Applejack says: "Huh?!"
Applejack says: "!"
Applejack says: "Whoa-oa!"
Rarity says: "Oh!"
Rarity says: "Now, you look here, castle!"
Rarity says: "You are very old and very scary!"
Rarity says: "But your wall art is in an atrocious state!"
Rarity says: "And there is nothing you can do to keep me from my sacred task of restoration!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Applejack?"
Rainbow Dash says: "If you went back to Ponyville, that means I win, right?"
Fluttershy says: "Rarity!"
Fluttershy says: "I know hiding isn't really your sense of humor, but please let this be a joke!"
Applejack says: "Rainbow?"
Applejack says: "Hello?"
Applejack says: "I guess if I don't find you, I win by default, right?"
Rarity says: "Of all the castles in Equestria, this is by far the most ungrateful!"
Rarity says: "Oof!"
Fluttershy says: "Angel!"
Fluttershy says: "Rarity!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh..."
Fluttershy says: "I hope you two are together."
Rainbow Dash says: "Haunted statues, creepy armor..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Come on, castle!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Is that all you got?"
Rarity says: "Aah!"
Rarity says: "Aaaah!"
Rarity says: "I was only trying to restore ancient art!"
Fluttershy says: "Angel?"
Fluttershy says: "AAANGEEEEEL!!!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What in the world is that?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Spike says: "Oh, you know."
Spike says: "Probably just more strange sounds of this old castle falling apart!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No one likes sarcasm, Spike."
Twilight's friends yelling and screaming.
Spike says: "What got into them?"
Fluttershy says: "It's okay, Angel!"
Fluttershy says: "You're okay!"
Fluttershy says: "You're okay!"
Applejack says: "Yaaaaah!"
Applejack says: "Shadows everywhere!"
Fluttershy says: "Aaangeeeeel!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Alright, everypony, stop!"
Applejack says: "Twilight?"
Fluttershy says: "Must..."
Fluttershy says: "save..."
Fluttershy says: "Ange—"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "..."
Fluttershy says: "Oh."
Rainbow Dash says: "Fluttershy?"
Rainbow Dash says: "What are you doing here?"
Rarity says: "She's with me..."
Rarity says: "Thank you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Have you all spent the whole night running around, scaring each other?"
Applejack says: "Well, that depends."
Twilight Sparkle says: "On what?"
Rainbow Dash says: "On whether or not you're the Pony of Shadows."
Spike says: "What's..."
Spike says: "the Pony of Shadows?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, that's just an old ponies' tale."
Spike says: "Then who's playing..."
Spike says: "that?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're going to find out."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Pony of Shadows!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hey, you guys!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Did you know I can totally play the organ?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Because I didn't!"
All says: "Pinkie?!"
All says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Check it out!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You're the Pony of Shadows?"
Pinkie Pie says: "The pony of what?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "See?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What'd I tell ya?"
Applejack says: "I thought you went to ring the school bell all week!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, yeah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I only had to ring it for, like, five minutes!"
Pinkie Pie says: "They said that was good enough!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Eh, can't imagine why..."
Pinkie Pie says: "So then, I decided to throw a "finish ringing the school bell" party!"
Pinkie Pie says: "But I didn't have any bluebells, and you can't throw a "finish ringing the school bell" party without bluebells, so I went to Everfree Forest to pick some, but it started to get so chilly."
Pinkie Pie says: "I had to wrap myself up in the tarp I was gonna use to gather flowers, and then I saw Fluttershy and Rarity."
Pinkie Pie says: "But they went into the castle before I could invite them to my party."
Pinkie Pie says: "Luckily, I followed them inside so I could help you all with your party!"
Rarity says: "What party is that?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Uh, the "everypony come to the scary old castle and hide from each other while I play the organ" party?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Duh!"
Rarity says: "I swear, this is going right back where I found it just as soon as I've returned it to its former glory."
Fluttershy says: "Now don't go running off again!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I can't believe I was so frightened."
Fluttershy says: "Guess I let my imagination get the best of me."
Applejack says: "I think we all did."
Pinkie Pie says: "I always let my imagination run away from me!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Then it comes back..."
Pinkie Pie says: "with cake!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, it's good to know that whenever your imagination is getting away from you, a good friend can help you rein it in."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And even though I didn't find anything out about the mysterious chest, I'm glad I was here to help all of you."
Rarity says: "You certainly did that, Twilight."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Why weren't you scared?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Reading Celestia's diary made it hard to be afraid, because I knew what it was like when she and Luna lived here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Knowing something about the past made it easier to deal with my problems in the present, even the scary ones."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've just thought of a great idea!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why don't we keep a journal, just like the royal pony sisters?"
Fluttershy says: "All of us?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sure!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That way we can learn from each other!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And maybe some day, other ponies will read it and learn something, too!"
Rarity says: "What a splendid idea!"
Applejack says: "I know what my first entry will be!"
Applejack says: ""Dear Diary, I'm glad Granny Smith's legend wasn't true."
Rainbow Dash says: "Me too!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Me three!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Because that means you two are still tied for Most Daring Pony!"
Spike says: "Heh, Shadow Ponies..."
Spike says: "How ridiculous is that?"