Rarity says: "Thanks for being my basket holder, Spike."
Spike says: "Basket holder?"
Spike says: "I thought I was your bodyguard."
Rarity says: "What?"
Rarity says: "Oh, heh, yes, yes, that of course, too."
Rarity says: "Oh, for once I wish unicorn magic wasn't so..."
Rarity says: "luminescent!"
Rarity says: "Spike!"
Rarity says: "You'll wake the bats!"
Rarity says: "Turn that off!"
Spike says: "Ugh, I can't!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm so glad you two could come!"
Princess Luna says: "Of course."
Princess Luna says: "We so rarely get a chance to relax and just visit."
Princess Celestia says: "There's usually some crisis we have to deal with."
Princess Celestia says: "Somepony always needs our help."
Princess Celestia says: "But today—"
Rarity says: "Help!"
Rarity says: "Twilight!"
Rarity says: "There's something wrong with Spike!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What's wrong?"
Spike says: "I don't know!"
Spike says: "Nngh!"
Spike says: "All of a sudden, my scales just started glowing and..."
Spike says: "burning!"
Princess Luna says: "Little is known about dragon culture, but this is a phenomenon we've seen before."
Princess Luna says: "It is the call of the Dragon Lord."
Princess Celestia says: "Dragons glow whenever the Dragon Lord has need of them in the Dragon Lands."
Spike says: "Great..."
Spike says: "H-How do I make it stop?!"
Spike says: "!"
Princess Luna says: "The only way to end the summons is to answer it."
Princess Luna says: "You must journey to the Dragon Lands and see what is expected of you."
Rarity says: "B-B-But the Dragon Lands are full of..."
Rarity says: "dragons!"
Rarity says: "And they're ghastly creatures!"
Rarity says: "Oh, oh, not you, of course, Spikey-wikey."
Rarity says: "But remember that rotten Garble?"
Spike says: "How could I forget?"
Spike says: "He would have burnt us to a crisp if you weren't there."
Spike says: "If I have to go to the Dragon Lands, would you two come with me?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ooh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh my goodness, I'd love to!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We are sadly lacking any information on dragon culture and customs."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I could research them – maybe even write an article!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This could be my chance to make a great contribution to the knowledge of Equestria!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And be there for Spike, heh, of course."
Princess Celestia says: "Be very careful."
Princess Celestia says: "The Dragon Lands are particularly dangerous for ponies."
Princess Celestia says: "It would be wise to be discreet."
Rarity says: "Ooh!"
Rarity says: "I'm sure I still have the dragon costume we used the last time we snuck into the Dragon Lands!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think we might want something a little more practical this time."
Rarity says: "Hmmm..."
Rarity says: "Well, it may be practical, but this disguise isn't flattering in the slightest!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's not supposed to be flattering."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's supposed to blend in!"
Spike says: "Shh!"
Garble says: "Hey-hey, look!"
Garble says: "It's our old friend Sparkle-warkle."
Spike says: "It's Spike."
Garble says: "Are you sure your pony friends didn't give you a pony name?"
Spike says: "It's nice to see you too, Garble."
Garble says: "I didn't say it was nice to see you."
Garble says: "It's not."
Garble says: "I don't like you."
Garble says: "Was I not clear about that?"
Spike says: "Hey!"
Spike says: "That's my rock!"
Garble says: "Oh, really?"
Garble says: "Then why aren't you sitting on it?"
Dragon Lord Torch says: "Dragons of Equestria, hear me!"
Dragon Lord Torch says: "I have been Dragon Lord for longer than many of you can remember, and my reign has been extraordinary!"
Dragon Lord Torch says: "Agree with me!"
Dragons says: "Torch!"
Dragons says: "Torch!"
Dragons says: "Torch!"
Dragons says: "Torch!"
Spike says: "Who is that?"
Garble says: "It's Dragon Lord Torch, dummy."
Spike says: "No, next to him."
Garble says: "That's his daughter, Princess Ember."
Garble says: "I wouldn't even look at her if I were you, unless you want Torch to eat you!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is fascinating!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Dragons are notoriously reckless, but they do whatever the Dragon Lord says!"
Dragon Lord Torch says: "Unfortunately, according to dragon law, it is time for me to step down."
Dragon Lord Torch says: "Sad, I know."
Dragon Lord Torch says: "Be sad!"
Dragon Lord Torch says: "This is why I have summoned you – to compete for the throne in the Gauntlet of Fire!"
Dragon Lord Torch says: "Whomever has the strength and fortitude to retrieve this bloodstone scepter from the heart of the flame-cano will be crowned Lord of the Dragons!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "When the scepter disappeared, the dragons stopped glowing!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We are learning so much!"
Spike says: "Uh, excuse me!"
Garble says: "Ugh, you even sneeze like a pony!"
Dragon Lord Torch says: "The Gauntlet is dangerous, for I designed it myself!"
Dragon Lord Torch says: "Only dragons with my ferocity, strength, and determination will be able to finish."
Dragon Lord Torch says: "We will gather at the cliff when the sun is at its peak!"
Spike says: "I don't want to be Dragon Lord or dragon toast, and I stopped glowing, so let's sneak out of here!"
Dragon Lord Torch says: "Ah!"
Dragon Lord Torch says: "Where do you think you're going, little dragon?!"
Dragon Lord Torch says: "!"
Spike says: "Oh, uh, hi, your Lordship."
Spike says: "Uh, I was just going home!"
Dragon Lord Torch says: "You don't get to leave unless I say you can!"
Princess Ember says: "Dad, look at him."
Princess Ember says: "He's just a runt."
Princess Ember says: "Besides, he doesn't even wanna compete."
Princess Ember says: "Let him go."
Dragon Lord Torch says: "He is rather tiny, heh-heh."
Dragon Lord Torch says: "I could squish him with my pinky claw."
Dragon Lord Torch says: "That wasn't a joke."
Dragon Lord Torch says: "It was a fact."
Dragon Lord Torch says: "When I want you to laugh, I will say "be amused!"
Spike says: "Of course, your Lordship!"
Spike says: "I, uh, guess I don't understand dragon customs."
Spike says: "Another reason why I shouldn't compete."
Dragon Lord Torch says: "Hm."
Dragon Lord Torch says: "Very well then, little dragon."
Dragon Lord Torch says: "I release you."
Spike says: "Thank you!"
Spike says: "And thank you."
Dragon Lord Torch says: "Where do you think you're going?"
Princess Ember says: "To prepare for the Gauntlet."
Dragon Lord Torch says: "No, you're not."
Dragon Lord Torch says: "You're not much bigger than that runt I just sent home!"
Princess Ember says: "But I'm smarter than most of these boulderheads and you know it!"
Dragon Lord Torch says: "Being smart won't help you win this Gauntlet!"
Dragon Lord Torch says: "It was designed for a big, strong dragon to win, because it takes a big, strong dragon to lead!"
Dragon Lord Torch says: "Besides, I said no!"
Princess Ember says: "I hate when he does that!"
Maar says: "Ha."
Maar says: "When I become Dragon Lord, I will make burps an official greeting!"
"Barry" says: "Ha, you?"
"Barry" says: "Please!"
"Barry" says: "When I win, I will pillage Equestria for all their pillows."
"Barry" says: "Why should these ponies be comfortable while we sleep on rocks?"
Garble says: "That's nothing!"
Garble says: "When I'm in charge, the first thing I'll do is get revenge on those puny ponies!"
Garble says: "They'll regret they ever crossed Garble!"
Garble says: "We'll take whatever we want from Equestria and burn the rest!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, my gosh!"
Rarity says: "Ooh, I can't believe I'm saying this, but I hope that burping dragon wins!"
Spike says: "None of them can win!"
Spike says: "Equestria's in big trouble if any of them are in charge!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But what can we do?"
Spike says: "There's only one thing to do, and only I can do it!"
Spike says: "I have to win the Gauntlet of Fire!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh..."
Rarity says: "Oh..."
Rarity says: "What do you mean you have to win the Gauntlet?"
Spike says: "It's the only way to protect Equestria from the dragons."
Spike says: "You heard them!"
Spike says: "They have horrible plans for ponies if they win!"
Spike says: "So somehow, I have to do it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "There has to be another way."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's too dangerous."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Besides, if you win, you'd have to stay here!"
Spike says: "I know, but there's no other way to keep my friends safe."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, if you're staying to compete, then we're staying to cheer you on!"
Dragon Lord Torch says: "I thought I released you, tiny one!"
Spike says: "I decided to compete."
Spike says: "I am a dragon, after all."
Garble says: "Are you sure?"
Garble says: "You can't even fly!"
Dragon Lord Torch says: "All dragons are welcome to compete, but they do so at their own peril!"
Dragon Lord Torch says: "Flying to Flame-cano Island is the first of many challenges you will face in your quest to find the bloodstone scepter!"
Garble says: "Good luck!"
Garble says: "Just kidding."
Garble says: "I hope you lose."
Spike says: "Thanks, Garble!"
Spike says: "I was planning on swimming anyway!"
Rarity says: "You can do it, Spike!"
Spike says: "He's gonna drown!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike!"
Spike says: "Hey, are you okay?"
Spike says: "Princess Ember!"
Princess Ember says: "What do you think you're doing?"
Rarity says: "Only saving your ungrateful scales!"
Princess Ember says: "Did that seaweed just talk?"
Princess Ember says: "Ponies?!"
Princess Ember says: "!"
Princess Ember says: "What are they doing here?!"
Princess Ember says: "!"
Spike says: "They're my friends!"
Princess Ember says: "Friends?"
Princess Ember says: "Dragons don't do friends."
Spike says: "Well, this dragon does."
Princess Ember says: "Whatever."
Princess Ember says: "I don't care as long as none of you get in my way."
Princess Ember says: "I have a Gauntlet to win."
Spike says: "But I thought your dad said that—"
Princess Ember says: "I don't care what my dad said!"
Princess Ember says: "I'll show him and every dragon who thinks I'm just a little princess there are better things than being big and strong!"
Garble says: "Don't leave me here, Spike!"
Garble says: "Ha-ha!"
Garble says: "Knew you'd do it."
Garble says: "Your pony friends made you soft."
Spike says: "Uh-huh."
Spike says: "You're welcome."
Garble says: "For what?"
Garble says: "I didn't say thank you."
Princess Ember says: "Uh, that's just me."
Princess Ember says: "I, uh, robbed some ponies on my way over here."
Garble says: "Huh, I like your style."
Garble says: "Have I met you before?"
Garble says: "You kind of look like—"
Spike says: "My, uh, old neighbor!"
Spike says: "Uh, Sandy..."
Spike says: "Rockbeach!"
Garble says: "Stupid slingtails knocked me down!"
Garble says: "But I've wasted enough time making small talk."
Garble says: "Get it?"
Garble says: "Ha-ha!"
Garble says: "Because you're too small to win this!"
Garble says: "I'm funny."
Princess Ember says: "Why did you cover for me?"
Princess Ember says: "You could've had one less competitor."
Spike says: "I could ask you the same thing."
Spike says: "You could've told Garble about my friends."
Wilhelm scream.
Princess Ember says: "Yikes..."
Princess Ember says: "That looks rough."
Princess Ember says: "But that's what makes it a challenge."
Spike says: "Are you kidding?"
Spike says: "Those boulders are huge!"
Spike says: "Hey, what if we worked together?"
Spike says: "You fly me up there, and I'll help look out for boulders, like a second set of eyes!"
Rarity says: "Pssst!"
Rarity says: "Spike!"
Rarity says: "Are you sure it's a good idea to team up with Ember?"
Rarity says: "You don't know her too well."
Spike says: "I do know she could've told Garble about you, but she didn't."
Spike says: "I think we can trust her."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Her behavior does seem contradictory to everything I've noted about dragons so far."
Princess Ember says: "Hey, you, little fella!"
Princess Ember says: "I've thought about it, and your plan makes sense."
Princess Ember says: "Let's do it."
Spike says: "Really?"
Spike says: "Great!"
Spike says: "It's a deal!"
Princess Ember says: "Just so you know, this doesn't mean we're gonna pick flowers or exchange necklaces or whatever pony friends do."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Good luck."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We'll meet you at the top."
Spike says: "Pull up!"
Spike says: "There's one on your tail!"
Spike says: "Go left!"
Spike says: "So what do we do now?"
Princess Ember says: "I think we go through there."
Rarity says: "Oh, that looks scary!"
Rarity says: "I mean, you can do it!"
Princess Ember says: "Listen, Spike."
Princess Ember says: "I wouldn't have made it this far without you."
Princess Ember says: "So I guess, if you want to, we could keep working together."
Princess Ember says: "I mean, just until we get through that tunnel."
Spike says: "Okay!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We'll be right behind you!"
Spike says: "Oof!"
Garble says: "Urgh!"
Rarity says: "Oh, you made it!"
Rarity says: "Oh, we were so worried!"
Spike says: "About us?"
Princess Ember says: "Wait."
Princess Ember says: "How did you two get through?"
Spike says: "Rarity!"
Rarity says: "Oh, thanks, Spike!"
Spike says: "It was nothing."
Princess Ember says: "Nothing?"
Princess Ember says: "You just risked everything to save her!"
Princess Ember says: "And they're putting themselves in danger just to support you!"
Spike says: "Well, that's just what friends do."
Spike says: "Don't you have anyone who looks out for you?"
Princess Ember says: "Not really."
Princess Ember says: "Unless I count you."
Princess Ember says: "Which I don't!"
Princess Ember says: "Because we were only helping each other get through the tunnel, and now we're through the tunnel, so that's it."
Spike says: "Wait, what do you mean?"
Princess Ember says: "Well, there's only one winner, one scepter, and one Dragon Lord."
Princess Ember says: "So I guess it's every dragon for themselves."
Spike says: "Oh."
Spike says: "So we aren't really friends?"
Princess Ember says: "Maybe if we were in Ponyland, but like I said, dragons don't do friendship."
Spike says: "I can't believe Ember ditched me."
Rarity says: "Oh, you're better off."
Rarity says: "She was only looking out for herself."
Rarity says: "She's just like all the other dragons."
Spike says: "She's not, though."
Spike says: "I know it."
Spike says: "She saved me, even when she didn't have to."
Spike says: "I don't care what she says."
Spike says: "That makes us friends."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Is it just me, or have we seen this crevasse three times already?"
Spike says: "It's kinda hard to tell."
Spike says: "They all look the same."
Spike says: "Except for this one!"
Spike says: "Look!"
Spike says: "We made it!"
Spike says: "I can't believe I'm the only dragon to make it this far!"
Garble says: "You're not!"
Garble says: "And I'm not losing to a puny pony-loving dragon like you!"
Rarity says: "We have to do something!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Look!"
Spike says: "Ember!"
Spike says: "I thought it was every dragon for themselves!"
Spike says: "Why did you save me?!"
Spike says: "!"
Princess Ember says: "That's what friends do!"
Princess Ember says: "And I am."
Princess Ember says: "I mean, we are."
Princess Ember says: "I never should have left you back there."
Princess Ember says: "Agh, please don't make me talk about my feelings!"
Garble says: "What the?!"
Garble says: "!"
Princess Ember says: "Spike!"
Princess Ember says: "Get the scepter!"
Garble says: "Argh!"
Garble says: "Whoa!"
Garble says: "I'm sick and tired of you two helping each other!"
Garble says: "Dragons don't do helping!"
Princess Ember says: "These dragons do!"
Spike says: "Whoa..."
Spike says: "Leave her alone!"
Garble says: "What?"
Garble says: "You?!"
Garble says: "!"
Garble says: "You have the scepter?!"
Garble says: "!"
Garble says: "But that means that you're..."
Princess Ember says: "The Dragon Lord."
Princess Ember says: "Dragon Lord Spike."
Garble says: "Dragon..."
Garble says: "Lord..."
Garble says: "Spike..."
Spike says: "That's right!"
Spike says: "Uh..."
Spike says: "Now, go start your long journey home."
Spike says: "And give every dragon you see on the way a hug."
Spike says: "Don't tell them why."
Garble says: "Awww!"
Garble says: "But that'll be super embarrassing!"
Spike says: "I command you to do it!"
Garble says: "I can't believe this..."
Princess Ember says: "Dragon Lord Spike."
Princess Ember says: "Hm, has a nice ring to it."
Spike says: "Dragon Lord Ember sounds a lot better."
Princess Ember says: "What?"
Princess Ember says: "No."
Princess Ember says: "You're the Dragon Lord now."
Spike says: "The Dragon Lord is whoever brings the scepter back to your father!"
Spike says: "Besides, you'll make a great leader."
Spike says: "I was just doing this to protect the ponies."
Spike says: "But I know you'll protect them just as well as I would have."
Princess Ember says: "You sure about this?"
Spike says: "Absolutely."
Spike says: "My home is in Equestria with my friends."
Princess Ember says: "Well, you'll have at least one friend here too."
Princess Ember says: "What are you doing?"
Spike says: "It's called a hug!"
Princess Ember says: "Oh."
Princess Ember says: "I don't know if I like it."
Princess Ember says: "But..."
Princess Ember says: "okay."
Spike says: "Mmmmm!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Awww!"
Dragon Lord Torch says: "Ember?"
Dragon Lord Torch says: "You?!"
Dragon Lord Torch says: "!"
Princess Ember says: "I know you didn't think I could do it, but I did."
Dragon Lord Torch says: "I expressly told you not to do it, because you're not—"
Dragon Lord Torch says: "!"
Princess Ember says: "I'm not big and strong."
Princess Ember says: "I know."
Princess Ember says: "But you know what?"
Princess Ember says: "I won anyway."
Princess Ember says: "So maybe it takes more than just being big and strong to be a good Dragon Lord!"
Dragon Lord Torch says: "I was wrong, Ember."
Dragon Lord Torch says: "You might not be big, but you are strong and smart, and perhaps that counts for more than I thought."
Dragon Lord Torch says: "And you will make an excellent leader."
Princess Ember says: "Thanks, dad."
Princess Ember says: "Agree with him!"
Princess Ember says: "Just kidding!"
Princess Ember says: "That's not gonna be my thing."
Dragon Lord Torch says: "Dragons, hear me!"
Dragon Lord Torch says: "I present to you our new Dragon Lord, Ember!"
Dragon Lord Torch says: "Hm?"
Dragon Lord Torch says: "What is the meaning of this?!"
Dragon Lord Torch says: "!"
Garble says: "I can't tell you!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You did well, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "With Ember as Dragon Lord, the ponies will be safe and you've gained us a powerful ally."
Spike says: "And a new friend!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Plus, Ember said I could write to her anytime I had questions about dragon culture!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "With this much information, I'll be able to write a whole book on dragons!"
Rarity says: "And I gained tons of ideas for a new line of camouflage clothing!"
Rarity says: "I think I'll call it "Camo-Maud"!"