Twilight Sparkle says: "Ehh..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm bored."
Spike says: "But you're reading."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've read all these books already."
Spike says: "And..."
Spike says: "?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And I'm bored!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I wanna do something!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Things have been so slow around here and I just—"
Rarity says: "Twilight!"
Rarity says: "Twilight!"
Rarity says: "Ooh, Twilight, darling!"
Rarity says: "Oh, thank goodness!"
Rarity says: "It seems that my—"
Applejack says: "Whew!"
Applejack says: "Got here as fast I—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Finally!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We've been summoned!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I wonder where the map wants us to—"
Spike says: "Uh, Twilight?"
Applejack says: "Where do you think—"
Rarity says: "Manehattan!"
Rarity says: "We've been called to Manehattan!"
Rarity says: "Oh, I've simply been dying to go back for a visit!"
Rarity says: "And now I return..."
Rarity says: "with a purpose!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hmmm."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It looks like you've been summoned to this particular neighborhood here."
Rarity says: "We're off to solve a friendship problem in one of the busiest and most vibrant cities in all of Equestria!"
Rarity says: "Isn't this exciting?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Applejack says: "Seems a hair odd, though, don't it?"
Applejack says: "Map callin' me to a big city like Manehattan?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You may be more of a country pony at heart, Applejack, but the map picked you two because you're the best ponies to tackle this particular mission."
Applejack says: "But how will we even know what our mission's supposed to be?"
Applejack says: "That neighborhood probably has twice as many ponies as all of Ponyville."
Rarity says: "Pff."
Rarity says: "Kch."
Rarity says: "Ts!"
Rarity says: "More like three times!"
Rarity says: "Why, it's not only home to the Haypacking District – it's also home to the Fashion District!"
Rarity says: "Hmm."
Rarity says: "Shame you weren't called as well, though, darling."
Rarity says: "You did end up quite a fan of the hustle and bustle of Manehattan on our last visit."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's such an exciting city, and there's still so much I'd like to do there."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So many museums and historical landmarks to visit."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Not to mention all the libraries!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But this is your mission."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Heh-heh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Don't worry about me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've got plenty of..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "books..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "to keep me..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "busy."
Rarity says: "Mm-hmm."
Applejack says: "Mm-hmm."
Rarity says: "I just remembered something!"
Rarity says: "The Sisterhooves Social!"
Applejack says: "We'll have to miss it."
Applejack says: "No tellin' how long we'll be in Manehattan."
Applejack says: "I sure hope Apple Bloom and Sweetie Belle aren't too upset."
Rarity says: "Oh, Manehattan, what you do to me!"
Rarity says: "Darling, are you all right?"
Applejack says: "Ponies move so fast here."
Applejack says: "Not at all like back home."
Applejack says: "Eyes peeled, ears open."
Applejack says: "Eyes peeled, ears open."
Rarity says: "Remember, Applejack, you're in the big city now."
Rarity says: "No moseying."
Rarity says: "You've gotta walk with speed and confidence!"
Rarity says: "Yoo-hoo!"
Diamond Cutter says: "Move it!"
Applejack says: "Sorry 'bout that."
Strawberry Ice says: "Ah, get outta my way!"
Applejack says: "Sorry."
Pedestrian Ponies 3 says: "Watch it!"
4 says: "Watch it!"
Applejack says: "Hey—"
Applejack says: "Oh, dear."
Applejack says: "Butter my biscuits."
Applejack says: "I can barely cross the street in this town."
Applejack says: "How am I supposed to help solve a—"
Rarity says: "There!"
"Pearmain Worcester" says: "Yes, I think this is the one."
Rarity says: "No!"
Rarity says: "No."
"Pearmain Worcester" says: "Excuse me?"
Rarity says: "That hat clashes with your mane, not to mention it's far too large and will undoubtedly obstruct your vision."
Rarity says: "Oh, dear, none of these will do."
Rarity says: "Oh, Applejack!"
Rarity says: "What good timing!"
Rarity says: "Here."
Rarity says: "This will do splendidly."
"Pearmain Worcester" says: "Oh, it's lovely!"
"Pearmain Worcester" says: "How much would you like for it?"
Rarity says: "Oh, no-no, please, please, keep it."
Rarity says: "I can always make another."
"Pearmain Worcester" says: "Thank you!"
Rarity says: "And you thought we wouldn't discover our purpose here!"
Rarity says: "Pff."
Rarity says: "Kch."
Rarity says: "Ts!"
Applejack says: "Yeah, I'm pretty sure that wasn't it."
Rarity says: "What?"
Rarity says: "We just saved that poor pony from committing a terrible crime of fashion."
Rarity says: "Well, she could've been meeting a friend who would've laughed at her new hat, and then their friendship could've been ruined forever!"
Rarity says: "And..."
Rarity says: "mmm..."
Rarity says: "it's possible."
Applejack says: "Did your cutie mark glow signifyin' a job well done?"
Rarity says: "Ye—"
Rarity says: "No."
Rarity says: "I suppose it didn't."
Rarity says: "Still, a disaster was averted!"
Stinky Bottom says: "Averted?"
Stinky Bottom says: "You just lost me a paying customer!"
Rarity says: "Oh, my!"
Rarity says: "Oh, I-I-I-I-I'm s-so sorry."
Rarity says: "I never meant to—"
Stinky Bottom says: "Beat it!"
Rarity says: "Uh, please accept my sincerest apologies for the misunderstanding, and might I add, what a lovely establishment you have here!"
Rarity says: "The search continues."
Applejack says: "Uh, 'scuse me, I was just wonderin'..."
Applejack says: "Uh, friendship problem, anypony?"
Applejack says: "See, we've been sent here to..."
Applejack says: "A-A map summoned us and, uh..."
Applejack says: "If you could just take a moment to..."
Rarity says: "Friendship advice!"
Rarity says: "Anypony looking for friendship advice!"
Rarity says: "Good grief."
Rarity says: "This isn't working."
Applejack says: "I'm not sure what we're supposed to do."
Applejack says: "To be honest, I'm still not even sure what the map called me here for."
Rarity says: "Oh, try not to worry, Applejack."
Rarity says: "The map picked us for a reason."
Rarity says: "Although how we're supposed to uncover that reason, I haven't a clue."
Rarity says: "We can't possibly approach every single pony in town until we find out what we're meant to d—"
Rarity says: "ooh!"
Rarity says: "Darling, this is it!"
Rarity says: "The contact on the flyer is Coco Pommel!"
Applejack says: "Oh, right!"
Applejack says: "She's the one you got a job makin' costumes for that designer friend o' yours."
Rarity says: "Don't you see?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "This must be why the map called us here!"
Rarity says: "Oh, and you were so worried!"
Applejack says: "Well, I suppose it's at least worth lookin' into..."
Applejack says: "that is, if we can ever get off this street corner."
Coco Pommel says: "I can't believe you found my flyer."
Coco Pommel says: "Quite a coincidence, don't you think?"
Rarity says: "Applejack and I were specifically summoned here to be of service, and you, my dear friend, are in need of help."
Rarity says: "It's no coincidence, darling."
Rarity says: "It's fate!"
Coco Pommel says: "An outdoor play held at the community park."
Coco Pommel says: "Many moons ago, local theater troupes would perform, and ponies in the neighborhood would help make the costumes and design set pieces, prepare food to share during the performance."
Applejack says: "Y'all do look like you're enjoyin' each others' company."
Applejack says: "Kinda reminds me of Ponyville."
Rarity says: "It sounds lovely, darling."
Coco Pommel says: "It was, up until several moons ago."
Applejack says: "What happened?"
Coco Pommel says: "That's Charity Kindheart."
Coco Pommel says: "She was a well-known costume designer on Bridleway."
Coco Pommel says: "She started the Midsummer Theater Revival as a way to share her passion for theater with the neighborhood."
Coco Pommel says: "No matter how busy she was, she always made time for the Revival."
Coco Pommel says: "But when she moved away to be closer to her grandfillies, the neighborhood lost the special tradition she had started, and worse, the sense of community it fostered."
Street Pony says: "Hey, I'm trotting here!"
Applejack says: "Nopony else stepped up to take over for Charity?"
Coco Pommel says: "I've been trying to."
Coco Pommel says: "But I've just gotten a last-minute request to alter costumes for the cast of My Fair Filly, and I'm afraid I haven't made much progress."
Coco Pommel says: "Oh..."
Coco Pommel says: "There's just so much to do to bring back the Midsummer Revival, and my flyers haven't attracted a single volunteer!"
Rarity says: "Say no more!"
Rarity says: "You finish up your work, and by this time tomorrow, you'll be up to your mane in ponies who want to lend a hoof."
Rarity says: "Applejack and I will make sure of it!"
Coco Pommel says: "You will?"
Applejack says: "You bet your boots we will!"
Coco Pommel says: "Oh, I don't wear boots."
Coco Pommel says: "I find they chafe my calves when I walk."
Applejack says: "It's just an expression."
Rarity says: "So you see, the Method Mares are only available on this one day, and we need all the help we can get with preparation."
"Fine Print" says: "Yeah, not a good time right now."
"Fine Print" says: "Heh."
"Fine Print" says: "What am I saying?"
"Fine Print" says: "It's never a good time!"
Rarity says: "Well?"
Rarity says: "What do you think?"
"Chock-full Carafe" says: "I got my own problems."
"Chock-full Carafe" says: "You think I've got hours to dedicate to somepony else's?"
"Uptown Clover" says: "Ah, yes, Charity's Midsummer Theater Revival."
"Uptown Clover" says: "Such wonderful memories."
Applejack says: "So you'll help us?"
"Uptown Clover" says: "Oh, , don't be ridiculous."
"Uptown Clover" says: "I run a very important oat and hay import/export business."
"Uptown Clover" says: "Why, I can't spare even a moment for such things!"
Coco Pommel says: "This is a nightmare."
Rarity says: "Oh, not at all, darling."
Rarity says: "It's quite lovely."
Applejack says: "I think she was talkin' about the Midsummer Theater Revival."
Coco Pommel says: "I finished the alterations for My Fair Filly, but I've barely started the costumes for the Revival, and the Method Mares are coming to the park tomorrow for a costume fitting and rehearsal!"
Rarity says: "Well, I could help you with the costumes."
Coco Pommel says: "But what are we going to do about the rest?"
Coco Pommel says: "The park is in desperate need of repairs, and the sets still need to be built!"
Applejack says: "Well I know a thing or two about buildin' and fixin' things."
Applejack says: "It's kinda, well, my thing."
Applejack says: "Could be the reason the map called me here!"
Rarity says: "You see, dear?"
Rarity says: "We went out looking for volunteers when all the help you need is right here."
Applejack says: "Uh-huh."
Rarity says: "The map wouldn't have chosen just Applejack and me if it was more than we could handle."
Rarity says: "Everything is going to be just fine!"
Rarity says: "Perhaps I spoke too soon..."
Coco Pommel says: "Oh, dear, you're right."
Coco Pommel says: "Are you sure you can manage this by yourself?"
Applejack says: "Well, there's a lot to do, but Rarity's right."
Applejack says: "The map wouldn't have called us here if we weren't up for the challenge."
Applejack says: "You two go on and take care of the costumes."
Applejack says: "I'll see you at the dress rehearsal."
Applejack says: "I know it looks bad, but I'm movin' as fast as I can."
Rarity says: "Don't worry, we've still got plenty of time."
Rarity says: "Everything's going to be—"
On Stage says: "Um, excuse me?"
On Stage says: "Is this where the Midsummer Theater Revival is supposed to be, perchance?"
Raspberry Beret says: "We're here for the dress rehearsal?"
Coco Pommel says: "Oh, yes!"
Coco Pommel says: "We've just put the finishing touches on the costumes."
"Late Show" says: "At least those look professional."
Raspberry Beret says: "We'll do a dry run of the play first, and then the fitting."
Applejack says: "No, wait!"
Applejack says: "I haven't gotten a chance to—"
Applejack says: "..."
Applejack says: "reinforce the stage yet."
Coco Pommel says: "I just wanted to live up to Charity's example, to bring my neighborhood together again."
Coco Pommel says: "But the park is still a mess, we haven't even thought about what refreshments to serve during the performance, and even if we had, we don't have a stage for the Method Mares to perform on!"
Coco Pommel says: "It's hopeless..."
Coco Pommel says: "Just hopeless!"
Rarity says: "I don't understand."
Rarity says: "The map summoned us here to solve a friendship problem."
Rarity says: "We've clearly found it, but why did it send the two of us?"
Rarity says: "Why not Twilight?"
Rarity says: "I'm sure she could have used her magic to transform this park in an instant!"
Applejack says: "I've been thinkin' the same thing."
Applejack says: "I mean, I can at least see why you're here – Coco's your friend, and you have an eye for costumes and all – but me?"
Applejack says: "I was never gonna be able to finish a project this big."
Rarity says: "We'll return to Ponyville as failures!"
Rarity says: "Why must this be, Applejack?"
Rarity says: "Why?"
Rarity says: "Why?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "Wh—"
Applejack says: "Now hold on there."
Applejack says: "I'm not suggestin' we pack up and go home."
Rarity says: "Then what are you suggesting?"
Applejack says: "I'm suggestin' we stop worryin' about what we can't do and start doing what we can."
Applejack says: "I think I've got a plan."
Applejack says: "It won't be anythin' big or fancy, but it'll be somethin'."
Applejack says: "And somethin's gotta be better than nothin', right?"
Coco Pommel says: "I suppose so..."
Applejack says: "That's the spirit!"
Applejack says: "Sorta..."
Applejack says: "Alright, y'all, it's ready!"
On Stage says: "Should we go ahead and start?"
Raspberry Beret says: "I just moved here, and I keep getting mixed up by the street names!"
Raspberry Beret says: "I had a map, but I dropped it in a puddle, which only made the street names harder to read!"
On Stage says: "I see."
"Cloudy Daze" says: "What is that?"
Blueberry Curls says: "I dunno, sugar, looks like some kinda play."
"Cloudy Daze" says: "Well, can we stay and watch it please?"
"Cloudy Daze" says: "Please, can we, can we?"
Blueberry Curls says: "Oh, alright, I suppose we could stay for a minute."
"Late Show" says: "Excuse me, but your next appointment is here."
On Stage says: "Alright."
On Stage says: "Send him in."
On Stage says: "I'm sorry, but based on these samples, I just don't think this is the place for you."
On Stage says: "Don't get me wrong."
On Stage says: "These clothes are all exquisite and well-made, but more theatrical than avant-garde."
On Stage says: "Have you considered costume design?"
On Stage says: "I have a contact on Bridleway!"
On Stage says: "If you're interested, I can put you in touch with him."
On Stage says: "..."
On Stage says: "And scene."
"Stardom" says: "Charity, dear, is that you?"
Raspberry Beret says: "Hello, Mrs."
Raspberry Beret says: "Pearblossom!"
Raspberry Beret says: "I didn't see—"
Raspberry Beret says: "oops!"
"Stardom" says: "Oh, let me help you, dear."
"Stardom" says: "Are these the costumes you've been working on?"
Raspberry Beret says: "Yes, I was supposed to be finished by now, but there's just so much to do, and I still have a few last-minute alterations to make before opening night!"
Raspberry Beret says: "I'm sorry I couldn't get enough tickets for everypony in the neighborhood."
Raspberry Beret says: "I hope Mr."
Raspberry Beret says: "Pearblossom wasn't too disappointed."
Raspberry Beret says: "I know Trotter on the Roof is one of his favorites."
"Stardom" says: "Oh, my dear filly, don't worry about that."
"Stardom" says: "We're so proud of you."
"Stardom" says: "We shall be with you in spirit!"
Raspberry Beret says: "Thank you!"
Raspberry Beret says: "You've all made me feel so welcome here and have become like family to me!"
Raspberry Beret says: "I just wish I could share this experience with you and the others!"
"Rivet" says: "Eh, what's goin' on?"
Luckette says: "It's the Midsummer Theater Revival."
Luckette says: "The Method Mares are performing!"
"Rivet" says: "The Revival."
"Rivet" says: "Mhm, yeah."
"Rivet" says: "My pop used to bring me."
"Stardom" says: "So nice of you to put on this play for the neighborhood."
Raspberry Beret says: "I couldn't have done it without everypony's help!"
Raspberry Beret says: "I know it's not Bridleway, but—"
"Stardom" says: "Oh, pish-tosh!"
"Stardom" says: "It's perfect, dear!"
Pearly Stitch says: "Oh, you're such a dear, thank you!"
Pearly Stitch says: "This is so nice."
Pearly Stitch says: "Haven't seen the neighborhood this friendly since Charity moved away!"
On Stage says: "Thank you, fillies and gentlecolts."
On Stage says: "Please give a warm welcome to the one who made this entire event possible – our neighbor Coco Pommel!"
Coco Pommel says: "Thank you all so much for coming."
Coco Pommel says: "The Midsummer Theater Revival was always something that meant so much to me, and it seems it means quite a lot to all of you as well."
Coco Pommel says: "I really can't take all the credit, though."
Coco Pommel says: "My dear friends Rarity and Applejack helped me ever so much."
Rarity says: "Oh, darling, please, it was just a few costumes."
Applejack says: "Aw, shucks, I just happen to be good with a hammer is all."
Applejack says: "To be honest, we had much bigger plans to start."
Applejack says: "When those fell through, we decided to simplify."
Applejack says: "This here was the result."
Rarity says: "Oh, don't be so modest."
Rarity says: "Coco and I were lost."
Coco Pommel says: "You bet your boots we were!"
"Viola" says: "We just wanted to say how much we enjoyed the Midsummer Theater Revival and how much it inspired us!"
Applejack says: "Oh, yeah?"
"Uptown Clover" says: "I used to think that to help my community I had to do something big."
"Uptown Clover" says: "Heh-heh."
"Uptown Clover" says: "And let's face it – in this day and age, who has the time for such a commitment?"
"Uptown Clover" says: "But here, you did something as simple as building a stage and putting on a play and, heh, look at how it's brought everypony together."
"Viola" says: "I saw Coco's flyers for volunteers but didn't think anything I'd have time to do would be that useful."
"Viola" says: "Now I wish I'd offered to help, even if it was just pulling a few weeds or planting a few flowers."
Applejack says: "Not sure if you noticed, but the park is far from bein' fixed up."
Applejack says: "I imagine if you look around, you'll find there's lots of little ways for you to get involved in changin' this place for the better."
"Viola" says: "And I will!"
"Uptown Clover" says: "And I don't think we'll be alone!"
Applejack says: "Yee-hoo!"
Applejack says: "We did it!"
Rarity says: "I understand now!"
Rarity says: "It all makes perfect sense!"
Applejack says: "Huh?"
Rarity says: "I know why the map called you here."
Applejack says: "You do?"
Rarity says: "If Twilight had used her magic to fix the park, it wouldn't have fixed the real problem, which is that these Manehattan ponies didn't think they had time to do something for their community!"
Rarity says: "But by building that stage and making sure the play went on, you showed them that just by doing something small, you can make a big difference!"
Applejack says: "Well, I'll be!"
Rarity says: "Seems you have more in common with the Manehattan ponies than you thought!"
Applejack says: "Heh-heh."
Applejack says: "But all the same, I'd sure like to head back to Ponyville on the next train."
Applejack says: "I want to check in with Apple Bloom and find out how the Sisterhooves Social turned out."
Rarity says: "Oh, absolutely, my dear."
Rarity says: "Just as soon as I stop that pony in the shop over there from purchasing that dreadfully hideous scarf!"
Rarity says: "Stop!"
Rarity says: "You're making a terrible mistake!"
Applejack's montage music over credits.