Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess Celestia, I have an idea for your ones-versary."
Princess Celestia says: "My..."
Princess Celestia says: ""ones-versary"?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The one-thousand, one-hundred, eleventh year anniversary of when you first raised the sun."
Spike says: "Good thing Pinkie Pie reminded us, or we would have forgot to celebrate."
Princess Celestia says: "You're not the only ones."
Princess Celestia says: "What did you have in mind?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "To commemorate your first sunrise, I've written a play."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We'd like to perform it at my School of Friendship, if you don't mind."
Princess Celestia says: "Mind?"
Princess Celestia says: "Oh!"
Princess Celestia says: "Of course not!"
Princess Celestia says: "Oh!"
Princess Celestia says: "I think a play is a fantastic idea!"
Spike says: "Did she just..."
Spike says: "prance?"
Princess Celestia says: "Oh, uh, forgive me for getting so excited."
Princess Celestia says: "It's just, when I was a filly, my friends often put on plays."
Princess Celestia says: "It was so wonderful."
Princess Celestia says: "Everypony coming together to create a magical experience to share with others."
Princess Celestia says: "I've always believed theater brings out the best in us and forges a special bond of friendship."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I didn't know you used to act!"
Princess Celestia says: "Oh, not me."
Princess Celestia says: "I was always too busy with my magic lessons to be part of any plays myself."
Princess Celestia says: "But still, it's something I always wished I could experience."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And you still can!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess Celestia, we would be honored if you would be the star of our play!"
Spike says: "We would?!"
Spike says: "!"
Princess Celestia says: "You want me to star in your play?!"
Princess Celestia says: "!"
Spike says: "Yeah..."
Spike says: "When did that happen, exactly?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "If you'll excuse us for a second..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Don't you see, Spike?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's perfect!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess Celestia has always wanted to be in a play, and this one's about her!"
Spike says: "I guess, but how are we supposed to give her directions?"
Spike says: "She's the ruler of Equestria!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "She's also our friend."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Celestia's always kind to everypony."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So if we have a chance to finally do something for her, we should."
Spike says: "Hmmm..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come on."
Twilight Sparkle says: "How many times has Celestia helped us?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Guided us?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Been a warm, calming voice over our shoulder?"
Princess Celestia says: "Twilight."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Aah!"
Spike says: "Aah!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes, Princess Celestia?"
Princess Celestia says: "Your invitation is very kind, but are you certain it's wise?"
Princess Celestia says: "I have no acting experience at all."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Experience?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pssh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You'll be playing yourself."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And we'll all help you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Please?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It'd mean so much to the students if you were in our show."
Princess Celestia says: "Well, if you're sure..."
Spike says: "Yeah, what she said."
Princess Celestia says: "Then I would be delighted to join your theater troupe!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Woo-hoo!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Confetti is ready!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Woo-hoo!"
Applejack says: "Puh!"
Applejack says: "Wormy apple cores, Pinkie!"
Applejack says: "How many times have I told you to keep your special effects away from my sets?!"
Applejack says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Three hundred twenty-seven."
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Unless you just did."
Pinkie Pie says: "Then it's three hundred twenty-eight."
Applejack says: "Ugh."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I can't believe you've memorized your lines already, Fluttershy."
Fluttershy says: "Once you get past terrifying, paralyzing stage fright, the rest is easy."
Fluttershy says: "Now I just hope Princess Celestia says we can do our play."
Rarity says: "Oh, as soon as she sees these fabulous costumes, all she'll be able to say is "Brava!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Heads up!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Here comes our answer!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wonderful news, everypony!"
Applejack says: "Yeehaw!"
Applejack says: "We get to put on our show?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Even better."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess Celestia is gonna be our star!"
Spike says: "Yeah, that's how I felt, too."
Rainbow Dash says: "Celestia?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Starring in our play?"
Rainbow Dash says: "This is huge!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, she was a little nervous at first, but I told her not to worry."
Twilight Sparkle says: "With us helping, it will all go smooth as—"
Rarity says: "Silk!"
Rarity says: "I must find the silk!"
Rarity says: "If Celestia's going to be in our play, we have to take everything up to the next level!"
Rarity says: "None of these old ideas will do!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yeah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Forget my regular party cannon!"
Pinkie Pie says: "For princess-sized effects, we're gonna need Big Bertha!"
Applejack says: "Grrrr..."
Applejack says: "!"
Applejack says: "Pinkie!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Our play is gonna be amazing!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I gotta tell everypony I know!"
Rainbow Dash says: "And even the ones I don't!"
Applejack says: "Why in tarnation are y'all gettin' so starstruck?"
Applejack says: "We've met Princess Celestia before."
Applejack says: "Plenty of times."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Those were formal things – galas, world-saving."
Starlight Glimmer says: "This is different!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Imagine doing sweaty warm-ups with a princess, blowing your nose in front of a princess, sitting around just..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "talking with a princess."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm a princess."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You talk to me."
Starlight Glimmer says: "That's different."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You're not a "princess" princess."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh, thanks."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Celestia wants to experience the special friendship that theater ponies have."
Twilight Sparkle says: "To give her that, you just need to be yourselves."
Fluttershy says: "You..."
Fluttershy says: "You really think so?"
Applejack says: "Heh."
Applejack says: "Aw, quit frettin'."
Applejack says: "It's only a couple o' pals gettin' together to put on a ones-versary play."
Applejack says: "What could go wrong?"
Spike says: "Places, everypony!"
Spike says: "We're here to rehearse "A New Day in Equestria"!"
Spike says: "Directed, written, and produced by Twilight Sparkle."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Page one, act one, scene one."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Action!"
Fluttershy says: "Once upon a time, before Celestia, Equestria was suffering terrible hardship."
Fluttershy says: "Raising the sun every morning was so hard, it took five great sorcerers plus Star Swirl the Bearded to do it."
Fluttershy says: "And every day, the unicorns helping Star Swirl would use so much magic, they lost their powers forever."
Fluttershy says: "Things looked bleak."
Fluttershy says: "Soon, Equestria would lose all its magic users!"
Fluttershy says: "Then, the land would be covered in darkness for eternity!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Even I can't believe how good my play is!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The sets, the props, the outfits – they're all great!"
Spike says: "And..."
Spike says: "here comes the best part."
Fluttershy says: "But then, a student named Celestia discovered she had the power to raise the sun herself without draining her magic!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Um, that's your cue, Celestia."
Princess Celestia says: "Oh!"
Princess Celestia says: "Uh, right!"
Princess Celestia says: "Of course!"
Princess Celestia says: "Heh."
Princess Celestia says: "It is time for a new day in Equestria."
Spike says: "Um, what?"
Princess Celestia says: "Oh, uh, I said  it is time for a new day in Equestria."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And your delivery was..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "great!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But maybe you should try it a tiny bit louder for the ponies in the back row."
Princess Celestia says: "Oh, yes, yes."
Princess Celestia says: "My Royal Canterlot Voice."
Princess Celestia says: "Thank you for the reminder, Twilight."
Princess Celestia says: "It is time for a new day in Equestria!"
Princess Celestia says: "Oh!"
Princess Celestia says: "Goodness!"
Princess Celestia says: "This theater does have strong acoustics."
Princess Celestia says: "M-My apologies."
Princess Celestia says: "I'm still learning to hone my craft."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No, no!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're doing..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "fine!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why don't we try it one more time?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just like you're talking to me."
Princess Celestia says: "It is time for a new day in Equestria-aaa."
Twilight Sparkle says: "A bit more energy."
Princess Celestia says: "Uh, how was that?"
Applejack says: "Uh, honestly?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Great!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wow!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's hard to believe you've never done this before!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Let's move onto the dance number!"
Spike says: "Again!"
Spike says: "Step, buck, leap, touch!"
Spike says: "Again!"
Spike says: "Step, buck, leap, touch!"
Spike says: "Got it?"
Spike says: "Movin' on!"
Spike says: "Five, six, seven, eight!"
Princess Celestia says: "Come on, Star Swirl."
Princess Celestia says: "Throw off that must-Y hat and let's have a..."
Princess Celestia says: "a dance!"
Princess Celestia says: "Oh, dear."
Princess Celestia says: "I think we have a problem!"
Applejack says: "Yeah."
Applejack says: "Our lead actress is a disaster!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What are we gonna do?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "If I tell Celestia she's terrible, it'll hurt her feelings, and I'll be a bad friend."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But if I keep her in the show, she'll be the laughingstock of Equestria, and I'll be a worse friend."
Applejack says: "Ya need to tell Celestia the truth, Twilight."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Any other suggestions?"
Spike says: "Why don't we just cancel the show?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Real suggestions?"
Spike says: "No, think about it."
Spike says: "Right now, most of Equestria doesn't even know we're doing a ones-versary play."
Spike says: "If we shut it down..."
Rarity says: "..."
Rarity says: "Nopony will ever miss it!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "So they'll never find out Princess Celestia's a bad actress!"
Fluttershy says: "And she won't be embarrassed!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's the perfect plan!"
Rainbow Dash says: "All right!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I just finished telling everypony to come to our play!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "did?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You should've seen how excited they got when they found out Celestia was in it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "They said they'd tell their friends, and then their friends would tell their friends!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Everypony in Equestria's gonna see this thing!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "did I miss something?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just the bright light of hope being snuffed."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But that's okay."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If we can't cancel the show, I know what I have to do."
Applejack says: "Be honest with Celestia and give the lead role to somepony else?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Not a chance!"
Applejack says: "Twilight, you know truth is a huge part of friendship."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And so is making another pony's dreams come true."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Look, I promised Celestia that this time, she could be a part of the play instead of just watching it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And I plan to keep that promise."
Fluttershy says: "But how?"
Princess Celestia says: "You want to give me acting lessons?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No-no-no-no-no-no-no."
Twilight Sparkle says: "More like a special workshop with other actors."
Twilight Sparkle says: "To..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "take your performance from good to flawless."
Princess Celestia says: "Thank you so much, Twilight!"
Princess Celestia says: "This is what I always knew theater must be about – that special stage pony bond of shared trust and honesty."
Spike says: "Yeah."
Spike says: "Heh."
Spike says: "That's what it is."
Spike says: "Ahem."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess Celestia, meet Method Mare performers On Stage and Raspberry Beret!"
On Stage says: "Avec pleasure, your Majesty!"
Princess Celestia says: "The pleasure is all mine!"
Princess Celestia says: "If there's anything I can do to become a better Equestrian thespian, I will!"
Princess Celestia says: "What do you have planned?"
On Stage says: "I thought we'd make it up as we go along."
On Stage says: "Otherwise known as improvisation!"
Raspberry Beret says: "Yes, and we can start as soon as we get out of this box."
Princess Celestia says: "What box?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "How's it going over here?"
Rainbow Dash says: "That sun will never rise again."
Pinkie Pie says: "That's why I have something even better!"
Rarity says: "It's the perfect substitute!"
Rarity says: "It was the perfect substitute."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Please give me something to be happy about."
On Stage says: "Let's try visualization!"
On Stage says: "And..."
On Stage says: "you're skiing!"
Raspberry Beret says: "Whoosh!"
Raspberry Beret says: "Whoosh!"
Raspberry Beret says: "Oh, it's so snowy today!"
Raspberry Beret says: "Brrr!"
Raspberry Beret says: "I'm getting chilly!"
Princess Celestia says: "Should I get you a blanket?"
On Stage says: "All aboard!"
On Stage says: "The Ponyville Express is leaving the station!"
On Stage says: "Whoo-whoo!"
On Stage says: "Chugga-chugga-chugga-chugga..."
Princess Celestia says: "It is?"
Princess Celestia says: "But I don't see anything."
Raspberry Beret says: "Let's be weeping willows in the wind!"
Raspberry Beret says: "We are strong in adversity yet supple as we bow to fate."
On Stage says: "Well?"
On Stage says: "What do you feel?"
Princess Celestia says: "Mmmm..."
Princess Celestia says: "nothing."
Princess Celestia says: "Oh!"
Princess Celestia says: "The classroom floor under my hooves!"
Princess Celestia says: "Does that count?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Do I wanna know?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Wait for it..."
Applejack says: "Pinkie Pie!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whaaaat?"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's realistic!"
Pinkie Pie says: "The sun is just like a burning marshmallow!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What are they doing now?"
Spike says: "The simplest acting exercise they could think of – a game of charades."
Raspberry Beret says: "A puppy!"
Raspberry Beret says: "A duck-billed platypus!"
Raspberry Beret says: "Antidisestablishmentarianism!"
Raspberry Beret says: "Oh, I give up!"
Raspberry Beret says: "What?!"
Raspberry Beret says: "!"
Princess Celestia says: "My love for Equestria and all the ponies in it!"
Princess Celestia says: "Twilight, you felt what I was emoting, didn't you?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yeah!"
Spike says: "Now, that's the best acting we've seen all day."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I tried and tried and tried!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But we have to face facts."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We can't make Celestia an actress."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So there's only one thing to do!"
Applejack says: "Tell her the truth finally?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've rewritten the script to give Celestia a more artistic part with no lines."
Pinkie Pie says: "And to make sure the show's a hit, I've whipped up the biggest, bestest, flashiest fake sun ever!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh, Pinkie?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That looks unsafe."
Pinkie Pie says: "Why would untested magic fireworks that I bought in a back alley from Trixie at midnight be unsafe?"
Princess Celestia says: "Twilight, if you honestly thought I was a bad actress, why didn't you tell me?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I-I'm so sorry!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I didn't mean to insult your acting!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's just, I-I got so stressed!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "that's no excuse for what I said."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You have every right to be upset with me."
Princess Celestia says: "I'm not upset because you insulted my acting."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're not?"
Princess Celestia says: "I'm upset because, in all the time we've known each other, I thought I taught you about the importance of friendship, trust, and honesty!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Celestia, wait!"
Pinkie Pie says: "No!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You can't fly away now!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Look!"
Fluttershy says: "Ponies are taking their seats for the show."
Rainbow Dash says: "Standing room only!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Did I do a good job of advertising for this thing or what?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Sorry."
Starlight Glimmer says: "We can't put on a show with no lead actress!"
Applejack says: "You go find Celestia."
Applejack says: "We'll figure out a way to stall this thing 'til you get back."
Spike says: "Good luck."
Spike says: "Nopony's gonna volunteer to try to tame that."
Rarity says: "No pony indeed."
Spike says: "So..."
Spike says: "Ahem."
Spike says: "Uh, who likes juggling?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess Celestia!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Please wait!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Can we talk?"
Princess Celestia says: "I'm afraid I haven't much to say, Twilight."
Twilight Sparkle says: "All right then."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just listen."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You've guided me since I was a filly."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You've given me knowledge and advice and friendship."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just once, I wanted to be able to give something back to you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know what I did was wrong."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I should've told you the truth."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I promised you could be in our play."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I had to make it work."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nothing would make me feel worse than knowing I disappointed you."
Princess Celestia says: "You really mean that?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Of course!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I look up to you more than any pony I've ever met!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I hate to let you down."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Like I did."
Princess Celestia says: "You had good intentions, Twilight."
Princess Celestia says: "But you know that the truth is always better than a well-meant lie."
Princess Celestia says: "Didn't Applejack remind you?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "About a hundred times."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And now, because I didn't listen to her, I've ruined your whole ones-versary."
Princess Celestia says: "Well..."
Princess Celestia says: "I don't know about that."
Princess Celestia says: "Isn't there an old saying?"
Princess Celestia says: ""The show must go on"?"
Princess Celestia says: "There may be a way for us to save the play yet."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But how?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I mean, if I'm being completely honest..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "you're not an actress."
Princess Celestia says: "No."
Princess Celestia says: "But I am a princess."
Spike says: "Ugh!"
Spike says: "Good news – free food."
Spike says: "Bad news – this play is officially a disaster."
Princess Celestia says: "Fortunately, I know a thing or two about how to deal with those."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You came back!"
Princess Celestia says: "Yes."
Princess Celestia says: "But let's celebrate later."
Princess Celestia says: "Right now, we have a show to do!"
Rarity says: "But..."
Rarity says: "but..."
Rarity says: "but how?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "The audience is about to riot!"
Rarity says: "We have no backdrop!"
Rarity says: "And our lead actress is—"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "Uhhhh..."
Princess Celestia says: "No longer in that role."
Princess Celestia says: "Rarity, Applejack, Pinkie, Twilight, go calm the audience."
Princess Celestia says: "Let them know the play will start in just a minute."
Princess Celestia says: "Rainbow Dash, bring us some clouds and place them behind the stage."
Princess Celestia says: "There, that's our new backdrop."
Princess Celestia says: "Starlight, do you have a copy of the script?"
Princess Celestia says: "Spike, you narrate the play."
Princess Celestia says: "Fluttershy will be our new lead."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, my."
Fluttershy says: "Me?"
Fluttershy says: "Playing you?"
Fluttershy says: "While you watch me playing you?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, no."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, no."
Fluttershy says: "I think my stage fright is coming back."
Princess Celestia says: "Visualize with me."
Princess Celestia says: "You're a princess."
Princess Celestia says: "Regal."
Princess Celestia says: "Commanding."
Princess Celestia says: "Confident."
Princess Celestia says: "Feel the rising sun's warmth."
Princess Celestia says: "Equestria needs you."
Spike says: "Once upon a time, before Celestia, Equestria was suffering terrible hardship."
Spike says: "Raising the sun every morning was so hard that it took five great sorcerers plus Star Swirl the Bearded to do it."
"Rainbow Stars" says: "You call those great sorcerers?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, no!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hecklers!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What should we do?"
Princess Celestia says: "Spike!"
Princess Celestia says: "Improvise!"
Spike says: "Y-Yes."
Spike says: "And, uh..."
Spike says: "raising the sun each day was super draining."
Spike says: "But you can see that for yourselves, right?"
Spike says: "I mean, do these guys look beat-up or what?"
Spike says: "Star Swirl's so stressed, he's got kinks in his horn!"
Spike says: "But that's okay."
Spike says: "'Cause it turns out Celestia had a special power to raise the sun all by herself!"
Fluttershy says: "It's time for a new day in Equestria!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ah!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "In all the commotion, we forgot we don't have a sun!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What do we do?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Princess Celestia says: "We play charades."
On Stage says: "My goodness!"
On Stage says: "I had no idea this production would have such elaborate special effects!"
Princess Celestia says: "Judging by how many flowers the audience threw, it seems our play was a success."
Fluttershy says: "I just feel bad you never got a chance to actually be in it."
Princess Celestia says: "You shouldn't."
Princess Celestia says: "I never felt I had to be on stage to be a part of the show."
Princess Celestia says: "All I ever wanted was to share an honest bond of creativity, artistry, and happiness with my friends."
Princess Celestia says: "And that's exactly what I got to do."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thank you for saving our play, Princess Celestia."
Princess Celestia says: "You're welcome, Twilight."
Princess Celestia says: "But from now on, none of you will have to call me "Princess" anymore."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Huh?"
Spike says: "Huh?"
Spike says: "Wait, what?"
Spike says: "We don't?"
Princess Celestia says: "No."
Princess Celestia says: "I had so much fun tonight, I've decided to give up my crown, step down from the throne, and devote all of my time to the theater!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Y-You..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "what?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Princess Celestia says: "Gotcha!"
Princess Celestia says: "Maybe I'm not such a bad actress after all."