Trixie says: "I know how hard you've been working lately, so I figured you could use a break."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Trixie, this looks amazing!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "But my job doesn't really seem like work."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Speaking of..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Sure, being counselor for the students at Twilight's School of Friendship is demanding, but—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh."
Starlight Glimmer says: "One sec."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What was I saying?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, right."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Being able to use the experiences of my checkered past and help young students feels pretty great."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, yum!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Mmm, thanks!"
Trixie says: "Of course I feel nothing but admiration for the work you do, but it is a little all-consuming."
Trixie says: "And I miss spending time with you."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What are you talking about?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "We're spending time right now."
Trixie says: "Well..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Hold that thought."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Anyway, you were saying?"
Silverstream says: "I totally respect my younger cousins' decisions to stay seaponies, but they've never been on dry land."
Silverstream says: "Preparing for a visit with them is almost as much work as the research assignment Headmare Twilight gave me on hazardous fauna of the Everfree Forest!"
Silverstream says: "How would you describe a shower to creatures who live in water?"
Silverstream says: "So far, I've got "warm" and "steamy"."
Silverstream says: "Actually, steam has water in it."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Silverstream, there are a lot of students who want to see me today."
Silverstream says: "I just need a few shower adjectives..."
Silverstream says: "that don't rely on the wet part."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, there's "clean", "relaxing", um..."
Silverstream says: ""Relaxing"..."
Silverstream says: "I don't know."
Silverstream says: "A nap's relaxing, too."
Silverstream says: ""Warm" and "clean" are okay."
Silverstream says: "Wow."
Silverstream says: "I have to give this some more thought."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Okay."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, I'm here to help."
Starlight Glimmer says: "My door is always open."
Trixie says: "Except for today, of course."
Trixie says: "If we leave now, we can finish everything before sundown."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Trixie, I-I can't leave."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's almost spring break."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Twilight and the others have already left to celebrate the spring solstice in Canterlot, and I have to help the students with any issues before they head home for the holiday."
Trixie says: "I know you're busy, but I hope you haven't forgotten about the Spring Solst-astic!"
Trixie says: "The party Maud and Mudbriar are throwing?"
Trixie says: "Sunburst is coming to town?"
Trixie says: "You and I promised to make the cake?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "How could I possibly forget about that?"
Trixie says: "Nopony is saying your job isn't important, but plans you make with your friends are important, too."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I know."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm sorry."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I shouldn't have forgotten."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Obviously I need to be available to my students, but that doesn't mean I can't help with all the things we have to do."
Trixie says: "Good!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Great!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "So..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "what are all the things we have to do?"
Trixie says: "Maud needs streamers for the decorations."
Trixie says: "Sunburst wants us to pick up a genuine pre-Equestrian spring solstice chafing dish from the antique shop."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Of course he does."
Trixie says: "Mudbriar wants a bouquet of flowering sticks – whatever that means."
Trixie says: "And I thought we were both looking forward to Mrs."
Trixie says: "Cake teaching us the secret recipe to her famous spring solstice cake."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I-I totally am!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "But we could just buy a cake from her, right?"
Trixie says: "We could..."
Trixie says: "but then we'd miss out on baking together."
Trixie says: "Plus, the time I spent flattering and convincing and begging her to share the recipe with you for nothing!"
Trixie says: "And we promised to make a cake, not buy a cake!"
Trixie says: "And the Great and Powerful Trixie keeps her promises!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Okay!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Why don't we just split up these jobs?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'll get the streamers and the chafing dish."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "get started on those sticks, and I'll be right back!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You know, why don't I just hang on to this?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Wouldn't want to forget the things I just said I'd take care of."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Because I am totally gonna take care of them!"
Rose says: "Could it be plum blossom?"
Trixie says: "I have no idea."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Whoops!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Heh."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Sorry, Rose."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But I need a bouquet of flowering sticks, stat!"
Trixie says: "I thought I was getting the flowering sticks."
Rose says: "Uh, I'm still not exactly sure what they are."
Trixie says: "No one is."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Right."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Got it."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You get the sticks."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'll get the streamers—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "riiiight after I take care of what I'm sure is an even smaller student problem than the last one!"
Silverstream says: "I think I have the shower thing under control."
Silverstream says: "But I can't figure out how to describe a towel."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Now, Smolder, I understand the school can be a bit drafty, but that doesn't mean you can breathe fire anywhere you want!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What do you mean Trixie already picked up Sunburst's genuine pre-Equestrian equinox chafing dish?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "That was my job!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I think."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Wait."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Was it?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Ocellus, it's perfectly normal for a changeling to struggle with identity issues, but—"
Silverstream says: "Counselor Starlight!"
Silverstream says: "When you're done, I need some synonyms for the word "dry"."
Silverstream says: "Or, really, just help explaining the concept."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Wait, Mrs."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Cake!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You can't close!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Trixie and I need to learn the recipe for your equinox cake!"
Mrs. Cake says: "Oh, it's fine, dear."
Mrs. Cake says: "Trixie was already here."
Mrs. Cake says: "I told her everything she needs to know."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "No!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Aww!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "The Great and Powerful Trixie might keep her promises, but the Busy and Distracted Starlight sure doesn't."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I promised to help her today, and I haven't done a single thing."
Mrs. Cake says: "Oh, that doesn't sound hard, dear."
Mrs. Cake says: "A-And I'm not quite sure how to tell you this, but  your hoof is glowing."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Of course it is."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Trixie?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What are you doing here?"
Trixie says: "It's the one place I knew I could find you."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I am so sorry about today."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm just so—"
Trixie says: "Busy."
Trixie says: "I know."
Trixie says: "Obviously your students are more important than your friends."
Starlight Glimmer says: "That's not—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Silverstream says: "Starlight, you have a minute?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Actually, Silverstream, I don't."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Besides, I need to lock up the school for the holiday, and it's time you caught the train home."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm sure a smart and capable student like you can figure out the solution to any problem over the break."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But for now, the counselor's office is closed."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I have a cake to bake."
Sunburst says: "Yow!"
Sunburst says: "Is this cake supposed to be so sharp?"
Sunburst says: "I mean, it looks really..."
Sunburst says: "interesting?"
Mudbriar says: "Technically, it's not symmetrical or aesthetically pleasing."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Maybe it's not the best cake."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But we made it together, and that's what counts."
Maud Pie says: "I'm glad you brought it."
Maud Pie says: "And everything else."
Maud Pie says: "I'm very excited."
Maud Pie says: "This is going to be the most perfect party ever."
Trixie says: "And with all of your students home for the holiday, I won't have to worry about you being summoned to your office in the middle of it."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Mm-hmm."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Nothing is gonna take me away from this party."
Terramar says: "Hello?!"
Terramar says: "!"
Terramar says: "Starlight?!"
Terramar says: "!"
Terramar says: "Starlight?!"
Terramar says: "!"
Maud Pie says: "Sorry."
Maud Pie says: "This is a private cavern."
Terramar says: "Is Starlight here?!"
Terramar says: "!"
Terramar says: "I was told she'd be here!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What's wrong?"
Terramar says: "I'm Terramar, Silverstream's brother."
Terramar says: "I've been looking all over for you."
Terramar says: "Silverstream is missing!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I don't understand."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Silverstream didn't come home?"
Terramar says: "Mm-mm."
Terramar says: "I was supposed to meet her at the Mount Aris train station, but she never showed up!"
Sunburst says: "It's a long way between Ponyville and Mount Aris."
Sunburst says: "She could be anywhere."
Terramar says: "Our parents are leading teams of Hippogriffs and seaponies, searching the land and sea between here and our home."
Terramar says: "They sent me to check the school."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But the school's closed."
Starlight Glimmer says: "All the students are gone."
Terramar says: "Are you sure?"
Terramar says: "I know she had a big project due for Twilight."
Terramar says: "Do you think she might've stayed to finish it?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "She never told me about a project."
Trixie says: "Well, to be fair, you closed your office the last time she came by."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Really?"
Terramar says: "What kind of counselor turns away a student with a problem?!"
Terramar says: "!"
Trixie says: "The kind with too much on her plate!"
Trixie says: "Starlight has always gone out of her way for her students."
Trixie says: "And I mean always."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Except apparently when it matters."
Starlight Glimmer says: "This is all my fault!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You all go back to the party."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Terramar and I will check the school."
Starlight Glimmer says: "We'll find your sister."
Maud Pie says: "I should've known it couldn't last."
Maud Pie says: "Party perfection is more of a Pinkie thing."
Mudbriar says: "Mm."
Mudbriar says: "I wasn't going to say anything, but these flowers are just glued on, so technically, it wasn't perfect already."
Mudbriar says: "But that's probably not important."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You check the grounds, and I'll look inside."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Silverstream?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Hello?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Anycreature?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Terramar says: "She's not down here."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I don't see her anywhere."
Terramar says: "Did you check her room?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, she's not here."
Terramar says: "No, she isn't."
Terramar says: "But look at this."
Starlight Glimmer says: "A cockatrice?"
Terramar says: "Could that be what her project was on?"
Terramar says: "You don't think she went into the Everfree Forest to find a cockatrice by herself, do you?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I don't know, but I'm going to find out."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What are you all doing here?"
Sunburst says: "We came to help."
Trixie says: "We couldn't let you handle this alone."
Mudbriar says: "Technically, she wasn't alone."
Mudbriar says: "But we wanted to help anyway."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Thanks."
Starlight Glimmer says: "All of you."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But the students are my responsibility."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm the one who didn't do my job when it actually mattered."
Trixie says: "I..."
Trixie says: "might share a bit of the blame for pressuring you into leaving work early."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But I don't want to ruin your party."
Maud Pie says: "We can still have a party."
Maud Pie says: "A search party."
Terramar says: "Can we talk about all this later?"
Terramar says: "Silverstream might be in the Everfree Forest alone!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "We think she went in to do research on cockatrices."
Sunburst says: "What?!"
Sunburst says: "!"
Sunburst says: "The gaze of the cockatrice is known to petrify any who dare to cross its path!"
Sunburst says: "And the reptilian birds are elusive and solitary!"
Sunburst says: "W-Where would we even start?!"
Sunburst says: "!"
Trixie says: "I have a lot of experience telling ponies that I have experience with the dangerous creatures of Everfree Forest!"
Trixie says: "Follow me!"
Trixie says: "The Great and Directionally Astute Trixie says we go left!"
Trixie says: "This way!"
Maud Pie says: "Weren't we just here?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Trixie, do you have any idea how to find a cockatrice?"
Trixie says: "No."
Trixie says: "But usually, when there's a dangerous creature in the forest I don't want to meet, this is how I meet them."
Sunburst says: "We might need a more concrete plan."
Trixie says: "Hmph."
Trixie says: "Suit yourself."
Terramar says: "Um, according to Silverstream's research, the cockatrice prefers rocky terrain and ample shade."
Trixie says: "Rocks and shade."
Trixie says: "Hmm."
Trixie says: "I can't imagine where we'll find that in a forest."
Maud Pie says: "Actually, rocks aren't the most hospitable environment for shade trees."
Mudbriar says: "Technically, pine trees like Pinus cembra or Pinus sylvestris can grow from narrow crevasses or cracks in a rocky rhizosphere."
Maud Pie says: "You complete me."
Starlight Glimmer says: "There's some pine trees over there!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I thought you said they were solitary!"
Sunburst says: "They are!"
Sunburst says: "This must be some kind of migration."
Terramar says: "At least there's no sign of Silverstream."
Terramar says: "I can't imagine getting caught in the middle of that flock."
Trixie says: "It's just lucky we're all over here and they're all over there."
Mudbriar says: "Technically—"
Trixie says: "Don't even say it!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Whatever you do, don't look at them."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Their gaze can turn you to stone."
Terramar says: "So what do we do?"
Sunburst says: "Ruuuuun!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Sunburst!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Aah!"
Sunburst says: "Aah!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Stop!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's me!"
Sunburst says: "Starlight!"
Sunburst says: "I'm so sorry."
Sunburst says: "We have to get out of here."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I know."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Hang on."
Starlight Glimmer says: "We can't leave Silverstream might still be in the forest."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Stay here."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'll get the others."
Sunburst says: "Be careful!"
Terramar says: "The clucking is coming from everywhere!"
Trixie says: "The Great and Powerful Trixie fears no cluck!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Come on!"
Sunburst says: "Aah!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Maud!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "We've got to get out of here!"
Maud Pie says: "I'm not leaving him."
Sunburst says: "Mudbriar's been turned to stone?!"
Sunburst says: "!"
Maud Pie says: "I didn't think I could love him any more."
Trixie says: "We've got to get out of here!"
Terramar says: "But we haven't found Silverstream!"
Terramar says: "We can't leave yet!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, we can't stay here!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Come on!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "This way!"
Trixie says: "Now what?!"
Trixie says: "!"
Sunburst says: "Let's hope Silverstream found a good place to hide."
Sunburst says: "There could be hundreds more cockatrices on the way."
Sunburst says: "If this really is a migration, it'll take a full lunar cycle to complete."
Terramar says: "Ohhh."
Terramar says: "I have to get word back to our parents that Silverstream could be surrounded by those terrifying birds!"
Maud Pie says: "And as handsome as Mudbriar is now, we should probably catch one of them to turn him back to normal."
Starlight Glimmer says: "This is all my fault."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm never taking time off from my counseling duties again."
Trixie says: "That seems a little extreme."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Really?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "If I hadn't galloped off to a holiday celebration, Silverstream would be safe with her family, and you'd all be enjoying Maud's party!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Instead, my student is missing, we're surrounded by a flock of petrifying chicken-snakes, and Maud's boyfriend was turned into a hunk of rock!"
Maud Pie says: "You got the "hunk" part right."
Starlight Glimmer says: "And to top it off, we have no idea if Silverstream even came to Everfree at all!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "But I have no idea where else to look!"
Trixie says: "Has that always been there?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, that's the students' treehouse."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Apparently it grew from the Tree of Harmony and—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Of course!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "That should've been the first place we looked!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Silverstream, look out!"
Silverstream says: "Counselor Starlight, no!"
Silverstream says: "Wait!"
Silverstream says: "This is Edith."
Silverstream says: "She's helping me with my project."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "don't understand."
Silverstream says: "After you encouraged me to solve my own problem, I decided to get my project done before I left."
Silverstream says: "That way, I could really focus on my family during my visit."
Silverstream says: "The school was closed, so I came here."
Terramar says: "Why didn't you tell anyone?"
Terramar says: "Mom and Dad are worried sick!"
Silverstream says: "Oh, no!"
Silverstream says: "I'm so sorry!"
Silverstream says: "Once Edith volunteered to help, I guess I lost track of time."
Silverstream says: "Cockatrices are really friendly if you know how to interact with them."
Sunburst says: "I can't believe you figured out how to trigger her nesting response."
Silverstream says: "They are really fascinating creatures."
Silverstream says: "Did you know that they migrate to the Everfree Forest once a year?"
Silverstream says: "Can you imagine what would happen if you stumble on a whole flock of these?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I have a few ideas."
Silverstream says: "I'm sorry you got turned to stone looking for me."
Silverstream says: "But I'm glad Edith was able to turn you back."
Sunburst says: "How do you tell the difference?"
Maud Pie says: "I have mixed feelings about it."
Mudbriar says: "Technically, I will always be a stick pony."
Mudbriar says: "But the experience has given me an even deeper appreciation for the density and permanence of rock."
Maud Pie says: "Swoon."
Terramar says: "Silverstream and I should get going."
Terramar says: "But I wanted to thank you for everything you did to help find her."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I just wish I hadn't abandoned her in the first place."
Trixie says: "Starlight, you didn't abandon her."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I might as well have."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Even though it turned out all right, things could've been a lot worse."
Sunburst says: "You can't be expected to supervise your students every second of every day."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm not so sure."
Silverstream says: "I like that you're always available, but it kind of makes it okay to come to you with stuff that maybe isn't super important."
Trixie says: "Of course being a school counselor is a big responsibility."
Trixie says: "But always being at work isn't fair to anypony."
Trixie says: "Especially me."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Do you think if I had set times to see me, it might help you decide what you really need to talk about?"
Silverstream says: "To be honest, you really weren't very helpful with the other stuff anyway."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Yeah—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Wait, what?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Trixie says: "Happy Spring Solst-astic, everypony!"
Trixie says: "Who wants a piece of Mrs."
Trixie says: "Cake's famous—"
Trixie says: "?"
Sunburst says: "Petrified dessert?"
Maud Pie says: "You had me at "petrified"."