Rainbow Dash says: "Four more months, four more months, four more months!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I bet you're excited, huh?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, my."
Fluttershy says: "I, uh, I could be excited."
Fluttershy says: "I don't really know."
Fluttershy says: "I wasn't really think—"
Rainbow Dash says: "Come on, you gotta be excited!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, well, I guess maybe I'm a little kinda sort of excited."
Rainbow Dash says: "I thought so!"
Fluttershy says: "Yeah..."
Fluttershy says: "so, um, why am I excited?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Because the next Daring Do book is coming out exactly four months from today!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That's how exciting it is!"
Rainbow Dash says: "So what amazing, incredible, awesome adventure do you think Daring Do will have in her next book, huh?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Will she at long last stalk the Fortress of Talacon, only to be forced to contend with its dreaded and impenetrable arrow defense?"
Rainbow Dash says: "And if so, could her skill, quick wits, and courage possibly carry the day?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Or will her next adventure bring her face to face with the vast and horrible Ahuizotl himself?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Would she cower, turn tail and run?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Or would she fly at him, full bore, knowing full well against all odds that the greatest challenge she ever faced was still surely no match for—"
Ahuizotl says: "Look out!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I'm not so sure she's gonna last another four months..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Three months and twenty six days, three months and twenty six days, three months and twenty six days!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Heya, Twilight!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Aren't you excited that—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "So glad you've finally made it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What's everypony doing here?"
Pinkie Pie says: "We're having a holiday party!"
Rainbow Dash says: "So what holiday would today be?"
Pinkie Pie says: "National Random Holiday Party Day!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Woo-hoo!"
Rarity says: "I've never heard of it either."
Rarity says: "But the punch is quite tasty."
Pinkie Pie says: "You might say the secret ingredient is..."
Rainbow Dash says: "How come nopony bothered to invite me?"
Applejack says: "I came to invite you personally, but it seems you were a speck too busy reading the last Daring Do book for the twelfth time."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, well, in three months and twenty six more days, I'll be able to read the next one."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, haven't you heard?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The release of the next book got pushed another two months."
Rainbow Dash says: "Two more months?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I've been waiting so long already!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I don't think I can take another two months!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'll never make it!"
Fluttershy says: "Yeah."
Fluttershy says: "I can vouch for that..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Did they give a reason?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The publisher just said author A."
Twilight Sparkle says: "K."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yearling won't be able to finish the book for another two months."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Cupcakes?"
Rainbow Dash says: "How could you possibly know that before me?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm the series' biggest fan!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm just as big a fan as you!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "In fact, I'm the one who first introduced you to the books, remember?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh."
Rainbow Dash says: "Right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "A."
Twilight Sparkle says: "K."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yearling just might be my favorite author."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know everything about her."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Where she grew up, where she studied literature, where she wrote the first Daring Do book..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Where she lives?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "no, though I could probably find out somehow."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Don't you get it?"
Rainbow Dash says: "The new book is obviously delayed because she needs help dealing with whatever everyday nonsense is distracting her from spending her every living breathing second writing so I—"
Rainbow Dash says: "I mean, fans like me, can get to read the new book ASAP!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Think about it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We could help her with her laundry, buy her groceries, cooking her meals, whatever!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Now, who wouldn't appreciate that?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hmm, I don't know..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "what she probably wants most of all is respect for her privacy."
Rainbow Dash says: "She can always just say no."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Mmh..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I suppose you're right..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Of course I am."
Rainbow Dash says: "So..."
Rainbow Dash says: "how's about getting that address?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You see what I mean?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why would she live in this remote part of Equestria except to keep folks from intruding on her privacy?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We should respec—"
Rainbow Dash says: "I think I spotted the house!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We're super close!"
Rainbow Dash says: "This way!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wait!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh no."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What happened?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Apparently somepony has intruded on her privacy pretty hard already..."
Applejack says: "Hoo-wee, somepony really trashed this place."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hmm..."
Pinkie Pie says: "maybe..."
Pinkie Pie says: "or maybe A."
Pinkie Pie says: "K."
Pinkie Pie says: "Yearling's just a terrible, horrible, unbelievable slob!"
Rarity says: "I hope A."
Rarity says: "K."
Rarity says: "Yearling's alright!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh no!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What if something terrible happened to her?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I know!"
Rainbow Dash says: "There might be no more books!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "but, of course, I'd be worried about her, too."
Rainbow Dash says: "Heh."
A.K. Yearling says: "What are you all doing here?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "A..."
Rainbow Dash says: "K-K..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yearling..."
Rainbow Dash says: "?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We didn't do this!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We swear!"
A.K. Yearling says: "What have you done to my house?"
Applejack says: "We didn't do this, Ms."
Applejack says: "Yearling—"
Applejack says: "whoa!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're awfully glad to see you're alright."
A.K. Yearling says: "It's safe."
Rainbow Dash says: "Great!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Maybe now would be a good time for me to ask her how we can help move the new book along a little faster."
Rainbow Dash says: "Chop chop!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow Dash, a minute please!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "A."
Twilight Sparkle says: "K."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yearling has made it pretty clear that she wants to be left alone."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We need to respect her wishes!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You should tell that to those guys."
Rainbow Dash says: "A."
Twilight Sparkle says: "A."
Rainbow Dash says: "K."
Twilight Sparkle says: "K."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yearling is Daring Do!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yearling is Daring Do!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "A."
Twilight Sparkle says: "K."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yearling and Daring Do are one and the same!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "My mind is officially blown!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Aw, come on, I knew it all along."
Applejack says: "Amazing!"
Rarity says: "Incredible!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Wow!"
Pinkie Pie says: "So much action!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whee!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Daring Do!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "Many thanks, Daring Do."
Dr. Caballeron says: "As you've probably surmised, our earlier search for this treasure was..."
Dr. Caballeron says: "unsuccessful."
Dr. Caballeron says: "So kind of you to find it for us."
Daring Do says: "Give it back, Caballeron!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "That's Doctor Caballeron to you."
Rainbow Dash says: "He's from book four: Daring Do and the Razor of Dreams."
Rainbow Dash says: "He wanted to partner with Daring Do on her adventures."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know, but she refused!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't believe it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The real Daring Do and the real Caballeron!"
Daring Do says: "So let me guess: Ahuizotl has put you up to this?"
Daring Do says: "You're stealing the ring to give to him so his hold on the Fortress of Talacon will be good for eight centuries as foretold by prophecy!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "Close, but..."
Dr. Caballeron says: "no."
Dr. Caballeron says: "I'm going to sell this to him, make a bundle, and retire from archaeology in splendor."
Daring Do says: "Caballeron, you fool!"
Daring Do says: "You're dooming the valley to eight centuries of unrelenting heat!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "To market, henchponies!"
Fluttershy says: "Uh..."
Fluttershy says: "should we go in and help her, maybe?"
Main cast sans Fluttershy says: "Oh, right."
Rainbow Dash says: "Are you okay?"
Daring Do says: "I got this."
Fluttershy says: "Um, she was just trying to help, Ms."
Fluttershy says: "Do."
Daring Do says: "Daring Do doesn't need help."
Daring Do says: "She handles her business herself."
Rainbow Dash says: "We've gotta go help!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You heard her!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "She says she works alone!"
Rainbow Dash says: "How can we just stand by and do nothing?"
Rainbow Dash says: "You know what's at stake here!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ahuizotl has sought control of the Tenochtitlan Basin since book three!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "True, but in book four, she defeated Ahuizotl and secured control of the Amulet of Atonement, dispelling the dark magic of the Ketztwctl Empress, and thus protecting the basin with the Radiant Shield of Razdon!"
Rainbow Dash says: "But the Radiant Shield of Razdon is vulnerable to the dark enchantment of the Rings of Scorchero!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But are you forgetting that the Rings were scattered to the four corners of Tenochtitlan, thus rendering the dark enchantment powerless?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Only if you assume that the Rings have yet to be retrieved, and the ring Caballeron just stole isn't the last to completely restore the dark tower and its cruel hold on Tenochtitlan!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Did you ever think of that?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You gotta admit, Rainbow Dash makes a pretty good point."
Rainbow Dash says: "We gotta help Daring Do retrieve the ring for safekeeping before it's too late!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, but sounds to me like we're in way, way, way over our heads."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're going to need a carefully thought out plan..."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm coming, Daring Do!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's not a plan!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Come on, come on, come on..."
Rainbow Dash says: "bingo!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Here I come, Daring Do!"
Rainbow Dash says: "To join an adventure with the greatest, bravest, coolest, most incredible hero I could ever–  Ow..."
Rainbow Dash says: "that's starting to hurt."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yow!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Stop!"
Daring Do says: "Oh, it's just you."
Rainbow Dash says: "Wait, don't go!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Wait, wait, wait!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Let me help you!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I promise I could be a huge, huge help if you just give me a chance."
Daring Do says: "I."
Daring Do says: "Work."
Daring Do says: "Alone."
Rainbow Dash says: "But why won't you let me team up with you just this once?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Daring Do says: "My work always involves secrets."
Daring Do says: "And since you never know who you can trust, it's best never to trust anypony."
Rainbow Dash says: "But just because you can't trust some, doesn't mean nopony can be trusted!"
Daring Do says: "Look, I don't have time to argue—"
Rainbow Dash says: "Neither do I."
Rainbow Dash says: "Let's go!"
Daring Do says: "Can't believe I'm even talking to her..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Looks like they decided to have an early dinner before making their way back down the hill to the marketplace in town."
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, I see."
Rainbow Dash says: "You're gonna ambush them like in book four at the Horavian caves!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Or maybe, that neat trick you did in book three, where you swoop in and knock three guys down with one swing!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Or maybe—"
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'll be quiet now."
Rainbow Dash says: "Just watching very quietly, heh."
Rainbow Dash says: "Shh."
Rainbow Dash says: "So, what kind of ambush are you gonna use then?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Wow!"
Daring Do says: "I have been led to believe you have in your possession an item of significant importance that might be..."
Daring Do says: "for sale."
Dr. Caballeron says: "Oh, uh, well..."
Dr. Caballeron says: "I did have another buyer lined up, but he's not here, so..."
Dr. Caballeron says: "sounds like we have a deal."
Ahuizotl says: "Caballeron!"
Daring Do says: "Ahuizotl!"
Ahuizotl says: "The ring!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Be cool, Rainbow Dash, be cool..."
Rainbow Dash says: "she's got this!"
Ahuizotl says: "The ring, Daring Do!"
Ahuizotl says: "Give it to me!"
Daring Do says: "Now, Ahuizotl, you know I love you, but I can't give you the ring 'til I've properly proposed."
Daring Do says: "Bring it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Come on, Daring Do, come on..."
Wilhelm scream.
Rainbow Dash says: "Daring Do!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I've got your hat!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You want me to toss it?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Daring Do!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Daring Do!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Don't worry, Daring Do!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'll come help you!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ow."
Daring Do says: "Don't bother!"
Daring Do says: "I'd say you've already helped plenty."
Rainbow Dash says: "What have I done?"
Rarity says: "Thank goodness you're alright!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Quick, where does it hurt?"
Rainbow Dash says: "In here."
Rainbow Dash says: "Daring Do and the ring have been captured by the dreaded Ahuizotl, and it's all my fault."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Dash, I'm sure whatever you did was an honest mistake."
Rainbow Dash says: "Whatever."
Rainbow Dash says: "Let's just go home."
Applejack says: "We can't go back now!"
Applejack says: "Looks a mite like she needs our help more than ever!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Trying to help is how I got in this mess in the first place."
Rainbow Dash says: "You were right, Twilight."
Rainbow Dash says: "We should've stayed out of this."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Look, there is more going on here than meets the eye."
Twilight Sparkle says: "In every Daring Do book, there always is!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We can't turn our backs on her!"
Rainbow Dash says: "She doesn't want my help, Twilight."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Perhaps."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But she might need it anyway."
Rainbow Dash says: "No."
Rainbow Dash says: "My hero's way better off without me."
Applejack says: "This don't sound like you."
Pinkie Pie says: "Where's the Rainbow Dash who would help anypony at the drop of a hat?"
Rarity says: "Or pith helmet, as the case may be."
Rainbow Dash says: "She's here where she's got no business being."
Rainbow Dash says: "She should be at home."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's fine to look up to Daring Do, but you've put her so high up on a pedestal, you can't even see your own worth anymore!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "She's in the fortress, and we're here, and we wouldn't be who we are if we didn't go in after her!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And neither would you!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "So, are you with us, or not?"
Daring Do says: "Surrender now, Ahuizotl, or I'll be forced to take you down!"
Ahuizotl says: "Oh, Daring Do, I will so miss your amusing laughter-jokes."
Ahuizotl says: "Now, I must leave to commence the ring-placing ceremony to unleash eight hundred years of unrelenting, sweltering heat!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Gotcha!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You can flap too, y'know!"
Daring Do says: "I was just about to save myself, y'know."
Rainbow Dash says: "Of course."
Rainbow Dash says: "I just thought you might need this."
Daring Do says: "Have I mentioned yet that I work alone?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Have I mentioned yet that you're lucky I don't?"
Applejack says: "Drop the ring, Ahui..."
Applejack says: "whatever your name is!"
Ahuizotl says: "Hmph, place the ring, quickly!"
Ahuizotl says: "Get it!"
Daring Do says: "Come with me!"
Daring Do says: "Help me get all these rings off!"
Daring Do says: "If we can remove the giant ring at the bottom, the whole fortress will collapse!"
Rainbow Dash says: "W-Was this your plan all along?"
Daring Do says: "I had to find a way to get into the fortress."
Rainbow Dash says: "You did it on purpose?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "But– but I thought—"
Daring Do says: "I didn't count on how heavy this ring would be, though..."
Daring Do says: "guess having a little help can be handy sometimes."
Ahuizotl says: "Stop her!"
Daring Do says: "You can flap too, y'know!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ponies!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Run!"
Rainbow Dash says: "This place is goin' down!"
Wilhelm scream.
Ahuizotl says: "Daring Do!"
Ahuizotl says: "I will have my revenge!"
Daring Do says: "Could never have done this without you, Rainbow Dash."
Daring Do says: "I've got a book to finish!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Just had the coolest adventure with the coolest pony ever."
Rainbow Dash says: "Came this close to blowing it because I got so wrapped up in how awesome she was, I almost forgot about how awesome I was."
Rainbow Dash says: "Good thing I didn't, 'cause it gave me a chance to show her how important it is to put your trust in somepony else."
Messenger Pony says: "Package from A."
Messenger Pony says: "K."
Messenger Pony says: "Yearling."
Rainbow Dash says: "Sweet!"
Rainbow Dash says: "The new book a week before anypony else gets it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ohmygoshohmygoshohmygoshohmygosh!"