Royal guard #1 says: "News from Northern Equestria!"
Royal guard #1 says: "Uh..."
Royal guard #1 says: "Your Highness."
Princess Celestia says: "Yes?"
Royal guard #1 says: "I am simply to tell you that it has returned."
Princess Celestia says: "Find Princess Cadance and Shining Armor."
Royal guard #2 says: "Yes, Your Highness."
Princess Celestia says: "My dearest Twilight, you must come to Canterlot at once."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Where are all my quills?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Brbrbr."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No, no, no, no, no..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ugh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I need the Magical Compendium volumes 1 through 36!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Where is it?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Flash cards!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I should make some flash cards."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike, I'm gonna need you to quiz me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "On everything."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everything I've ever learned."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ever."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That isn't going to be enough cards."
Spike says: "Twilight, calm down."
Spike says: "It's just a test."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just a test?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just a test!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess Celestia wants to give me some kind of exam, and you're trying to tell me to calm down because it's just a test?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Spike says: "Uh..."
Spike says: "yes."
Applejack says: "I'd say she's handling things pretty well, considerin'."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Urgh!"
Princess Luna says: "Are you sure you don't want me to go as well?"
Princess Celestia says: "Yes."
Princess Celestia says: "Princess Cadance and Shining Armor are already there."
Princess Celestia says: "The others will be joining them soon."
Princess Luna says: "The Empire's magic is powerful."
Princess Luna says: "It cannot fall again, my sister."
Princess Celestia says: "She will succeed at her task."
Princess Celestia says: "And when she does, we'll know that she is that much closer to being ready."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ahem."
Princess Celestia says: "Trust me, little sister."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You wanted to see me?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "To give me a test?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I brought my own quills and plenty of paper to show my work."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sorry, sorry!"
Princess Celestia says: "This is a different kind of test."
Princess Celestia says: "The Crystal Empire has returned."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Crystal Empire?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sorry, I-I thought I'd studied."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ooh."
Princess Celestia says: "There wouldn't be."
Princess Celestia says: "Few remember it ever existed at all."
Princess Celestia says: "Even my knowledge of the Empire is limited."
Princess Celestia says: "But what I do know is that it contains a powerful magic."
Princess Celestia says: "One thousand years ago, King Sombra, a unicorn whose heart was black as night, took over the Crystal Empire."
Princess Celestia says: "He was ultimately overthrown, turned to shadow, and banished to the ice of the arctic north."
Princess Celestia says: "But not before he was able to put a curse upon the Empire."
Princess Celestia says: "A curse that caused it to vanish into thin air."
Princess Celestia says: "If the Empire is filled with hope and love, those things are reflected across all of Equestria."
Princess Celestia says: "If hatred and fear take hold..."
Princess Celestia says: "Which is why I need your help finding a way to protect it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You want me to help protect an entire empire?"
Princess Celestia says: "It is, as I said, a different kind of test."
Princess Celestia says: "But one I'm certain you will pass."
Twilight Sparkle says: "How do I begin?"
Princess Celestia says: "By joining Princess Cadance and Shining Armor in the Crystal Empire."
Twilight Sparkle says: "My brother is there?"
Princess Celestia says: "He is."
Princess Celestia says: "And your Ponyville friends will join you there as well."
Princess Celestia says: "I have every confidence you will succeed."
Princess Celestia says: "And when you do, I'll know you are ready to move on to the next level of your studies."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But what if I fail?"
Princess Celestia says: "You won't."
Princess Celestia says: "You won't."
Princess Celestia says: "But Twilight, in the end, it must be you and you alone who ultimately assists Princess Cadance and Shining Armor in doing what needs to be done to protect the Empire."
Princess Celestia says: "Do you understand?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Mm-hmm!"
Princess Celestia says: "Then go."
Princess Celestia says: "There is no time to lose."
Spike says: "Ah!"
Spike says: "Twilight!"
Spike says: "That was fast!"
Spike says: "Let me guess, you got a perfect score?"
Spike says: "A-minus?"
Spike says: "B-plus?"
Spike says: "fail?"
Twilight Sparkle.
I was prepared to do my best.
Thought I could handle any test.
For I can do so many tricks.
But I wasn't prepared for this.
Levitation would have been a breeze.
Facts and figures I recite with ease.
Twilight Sparkle says: "The square root of five hundred and forty-six is twenty-three point three six six six four two eight nine one zero nine."
Professor Bill Neigh says: "She is correct!"
Twilight Sparkle.
I could ace a quiz on friendship's bliss.
But I wasn't prepared for this.
Will I fail, or will I pass?
I can't be sure...
Spike.
She can't be sure...
Twilight Sparkle.
My mind is sharp, my skills intact.
My heart is pure...
Spike.
Her heart is pure...
Twilight Sparkle.
Oh, I've taken my share of licks.
I've made it through the thin and thick.
But no I wasn't.
Spike.
Oh no, she wasn't.
Twilight Sparkle.
Oh no, I wasn't.
Spike.
Oh no, she wasn't.
Twilight Sparkle.
No I wasn't.
Twilight Sparkle and Spike.
Prepared... for this!
Spike says: "Uh, prepared for what exactly?"
Applejack says: "Twilight!"
Applejack says: "Uh, did you pass?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Are we gonna celebrate your awesomeness with Princess Celestia?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Not quite."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're going to the Crystal Empire!"
All says: "Huh?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Crystal what?"
Rarity says: "Ha!"
Rarity says: "And you all made fun of me for packing so many scarves."
Shining Armor says: "Twilight!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Shining Armor?"
Shining Armor says: "Twily!"
Shining Armor says: "You made it!"
Shining Armor says: "We'd better get moving."
Shining Armor says: "There are things out here we really don't want to run into after dark."
Fluttershy says: "What kind of things?"
Shining Armor says: "Let's just say the Empire..."
Shining Armor says: "isn't the only thing that's returned."
Shining Armor says: "Something keeps trying to get in!"
Shining Armor says: "We think it's the unicorn king who originally cursed the place."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But Princess Celestia said I was being sent here to find a way to protect the Empire!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "If King Sombra can't get in, then it must already be protected."
Fluttershy says: "Th-That's one of the things, isn't it?"
Shining Armor says: "Guh."
Shining Armor says: "We have to get to the Crystal Empire!"
Shining Armor says: "Now!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Go, go!"
Shining Armor says: "Almost there."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everypony okay?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, no!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Shining Armor, your horn!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Sparkleriffic!"
Rarity says: "It's gorgeous!"
Rarity says: "Absolutely gorgeous!"
Rarity says: "There are no words!"
Applejack says: "Focus, Rarity."
Applejack says: "We're here to help Twilight, not admire the scenery."
Rainbow Dash says: "Eh, I don't see what the big deal is."
Rainbow Dash says: "Just looks like another old castle to me."
Rarity says: "A– p– guh!"
Rarity says: "Another old..."
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "Have you lost your mind?"
Rarity says: "Very funny."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Cadance!"
Princess Cadance says: "Ooh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sunshine, sunshine, ladybugs awake!"
Princess Cadance says: "Sunshine, sunshine, ladybugs awake!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Clap your hooves and do a little shake!"
Princess Cadance says: "Clap your hooves and do a little shake!"
Princess Cadance says: "One of these days we need to get together when the fate of Equestria isn't hanging in the balance."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you okay?"
Shining Armor says: "Cadance has been able to use her magic to spread love and light."
Shining Armor says: "That seems to be what is protecting it."
Shining Armor says: "But she hasn't slept, barely eats."
Shining Armor says: "I want to help her, but my protection spell has been countered by King Sombra."
Princess Cadance says: "It's alright Shining Armor, I'm fine."
Shining Armor says: "She's not fine."
Shining Armor says: "She can't go on like this forever, and if her magic were to fade..."
Shining Armor says: "Well, you saw what's out there waiting for that to happen."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's why we're here."
Applejack says: "Why we're all here."
Other ponies says: "Mm-hmm."
Shining Armor says: "Well, with Cadance putting all her strength into keeping her spell going, and me trying to keep an eye on signs of trouble in the arctic, we haven't been able to gather much information from the Crystal Ponies."
Rarity says: "Crystal Ponies?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "Hahaha, there are Crystal Ponies?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "Um, ahem."
Rarity says: "Please continue."
Shining Armor says: "But we have to believe one of them knows how we can protect the Empire without having to use Cadance's magic."
Twilight Sparkle says: "A research paper!"
Shining Armor says: "Huh?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That must be part of my test – to gather information from the Crystal Ponies and deliver it to you!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is gonna be great!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I love research papers!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, who doesn't?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh-oh-oh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Lemme guess!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Is it Spike?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Nono, Fluttershy!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Rarity?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Don't worry, big brother."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I am really good at this sort of thing."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you sure?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Absolutely sure?"
Autumn Gem says: "I'm sorry."
Autumn Gem says: "I wish I could help you."
Autumn Gem says: "But I..."
Autumn Gem says: "can't seem to remember anything before King Sombra came to power."
Twilight Sparkle says: "King Sombra's spell must be why their coats aren't..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "crystally."
Autumn Gem says: "Have we really been gone a thousand years?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes."
Autumn Gem says: "It feels like it was just yesterday."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If you think of anything, even the smallest thing..."
Autumn Gem says: "Of course."
Spike says: "Well, that was a total bust."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe the others are having better luck."
Rainbow Dash says: "A way to protect the Empire!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You know anything about it or what?"
Fleur De Verre says: "I wish I could help you."
Fleur De Verre says: "Really."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hold on!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You gotta know something!"
Fleur De Verre says: "But..."
Fleur De Verre says: "I don't have any information."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, um."
Fluttershy says: "Excuse me!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh!"
Fluttershy says: "Hello!"
Fluttershy says: "Umm, I was just wondering."
Pinkie Pie says: "Time to gather some intel!"
Elbow Grease says: "It just feels like something is missing."
"Night Knight" says: "I know."
"Night Knight" says: "It looks the same, but it doesn't feel the same."
Pinkie Pie says: "Because it isn't!"
Elbow Grease says: "A spy!"
Pinkie Pie says: "A spy?"
Pinkie Pie says: "How did they know?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Must have noticed my night vision goggles."
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Night vision-y!"
Rarity says: "Hm-hm-hmmm."
Rarity says: "And when you flip your mane, it simply must create a rainbow of color."
Rarity says: "Oh!"
Rarity says: "Wouldn't I look just magnificent?"
Rarity says: "So sparkly!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I got nothing so far."
Rarity says: "Oh, me neither."
Pinkie Pie says: "My cover has been blown."
Pinkie Pie says: "I repeat, my cover has been blown!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ooookay."
Applejack says: "Sorry, Twilight."
Applejack says: "These crystal ponies seem to have some kinda collective amnesia or somethin'."
Applejack says: "Only thing I was able to get out of 'em was somethin' about a library."
Twilight Sparkle says: "A library?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, why didn't you say so?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Applejack says: "Uh..."
Applejack says: "thought I just did."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't even know what to..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There are no words."
Amethyst Maresbury says: "Ahem."
Amethyst Maresbury says: "May I help you?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're looking for a book."
Amethyst Maresbury says: "We have plenty of those."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You do."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You really do."
Applejack says: "We're lookin' for a history book."
Applejack says: "Somethin' that might tell us how the Empire might've protected itself from danger back in the day."
Amethyst Maresbury says: "Yes."
Amethyst Maresbury says: "Of course."
Amethyst Maresbury says: "History, history..."
Amethyst Maresbury says: "Ah, yes."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Which is where, exactly?"
Amethyst Maresbury says: "I..."
Amethyst Maresbury says: "I can't seem to remember."
Amethyst Maresbury says: "I'm not sure I actually work here."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We'll just take a look around."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sure we can find it on our own."
Amethyst Maresbury says: "Let me know if you find anything."
Pinkie Pie says: "I like her!"
Applejack says: "Uh, anyone else startin' to think this is a lost cause?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No, no, no, no, no..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes!"
Twilight Sparkle says: ""History of the Crystal Empire"."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just hope it has the answers we need."
Twilight Sparkle says: "A 'Crystal Faire'."
Twilight Sparkle says: "According to this book, it was established by their first queen and became their most important tradition."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Faire was held every year to "renew the spirit of love and unity in the empire so they could protect it from harm"."
Twilight Sparkle says: "My friends and I could put it together."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everything we need to know is in the book!"
Shining Armor says: "That sounds pretty promising."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We'll get started right away."
Twilight Sparkle says: "C'mon, Spike, we've got a Crystal Faire to put together!"
Twilight Sparkle.
Princess Cadance needs our help.
Her magic will not last forever.
I think we can do it.
But we need to work together.
We have to get this right.
Yes, we have to make them see.
We can save the Crystal Ponies with their history.
Rainbow Dash.
It says that they liked jousting.
Rarity.
They flew a flag of many hues.
Applejack.
Made sweets of crystal berries.
Fluttershy.
They had a petting zoo with tiny ewes.
All.
Oh, we have to get this right.
Yes, we have to make them see.
We can save the Crystal Ponies with their history.
Pinkie Pie.
There was a crystal flugelhorn.
That every pony liked to play.
Twilight Sparkle.
And the Crystal Kingdom anthem.
Can you learn it in a day?
All.
Oh, we have to get this right.
Yes, we have to make them see.
We can save the Crystal Ponies with their history.
Twilight Sparkle says: "It looks amazing!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know how I could've done this without you!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "One last check to make sure everything is in place, and then the festivities can begin!"
Applejack says: "What's this thing for?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The last page of the book mentioned a Crystal Heart as the faire's centerpiece, so I used my magic to cut one out of a crystal block."
Applejack says: "Nice work, Twi."
Applejack says: "Think we're ready to get this faire up and runnin'."
Pinkie Pie says: "My bad."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ahem."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hear ye, hear ye!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess Cadance and Prince Shining Armor do cordially invite you to attend the Crystal Faire!"
Applejack says: "Come on in, y'all."
Applejack says: "Got food and drinks thataway, games and crafts are thataway, Crystal Heart to the back near the Princess."
Elbow Grease says: "Did she say..."
Elbow Grease says: "Crystal Heart?"
Rainbow Dash says: "We totally nailed it, right?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Must be feeling a lot of love and unity about now!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Gonna have some grub, huh?"
Rainbow Dash says: "What are you thinking?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Crystal Empire berry pie?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Maybe some crystal corn-on-the-cob!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What is with these ponies?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Autumn Gem says: "Seeing all of this, I feel like I'm starting to remember."
Autumn Gem says: "Remember things from before the king."
Fleur De Verre says: "Me too."
Autumn Gem and Fleur De Verre says: "The Crystal Heart!"
Fleur De Verre says: "Do you think they really have it?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Of course we have it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Can't have a Crystal Faire without the Crystal Heart, right?"
Amethyst Maresbury says: "Of course you can't."
Amethyst Maresbury says: "The whole purpose of the Crystal Faire is to lift the spirits of the Crystal Ponies, so the light within them can power the Crystal Heart, so that the Empire can be protected!"
Amethyst Maresbury says: "I do work at the library!"
Rainbow Dash says: "W-what's that about 'powering the heart'?"
Amethyst Maresbury says: "I just can't believe you found it."
Amethyst Maresbury says: "King Sombra said he'd hidden it away where we would never see it again!"
Amethyst Maresbury says: "I only hope it will still be as powerful after all these years..."
Amethyst Maresbury says: "!"
Amethyst Maresbury says: "Mm, funnel cake!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I think we may have a problem..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I didn't know it was an actual relic!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The book didn't mention anything about the Crystal Ponies powering the Heart!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "There was a page missing..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "How did I not notice?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Princess Cadance says: "It's alright, Twilight."
Shining Armor says: "Twily..."
To be continued...