Ponies.
Ponies' voices fill the night.
Hearth's Warming Eve is here once again.
Happy hearts so full and bright.
Hearth's Warming Eve is here once again.
Oh, what a sight.
Look at the light.
All for tonight.
Hearth's Warming Eve is here once again.
Fluttershy.
Clouds arranged so they're just so.
Pegasi.
Hearth's Warming Eve is here once again.
Rainbow Dash.
Gonna make some awesome snow.
Pegasi.
Hearth's Warming Eve is here once again.
Fluttershy and Rainbow Dash.
The chill wind blows.
Making a show.
Snowflakes aglow.
Ponies.
Hearth's Warming Eve is here once again.
Pinkie Pie.
A day that's filled with songs to sing.
Ponies.
Ding-dong, ding-dong-ding.
Applejack.
Cakes and pastries we shall bring.
Ponies.
Ding-dong, ding-dong-ding.
We're so busy making merry.
Windigos should all be wary.
Stallions.
As our mighty voices carry.
Ponies.
Hearth's Warming Eve is here once again.
Rarity.
Decorations we shall make.
Ponies.
Hearth's Warming Eve is here once again.
Rarity.
Perfection you just cannot fake.
Ponies.
Hearth's Warming Eve is here once again.
Rarity.
Not one mistake.
Don't let that break.
Oh, goodness' sake!
Ponies.
Hearth's Warming Eve is here once a—.
Happy, happy Hearth's Warming Eve.
Happy, happy Hearth's Warming Eve.
Hearth's Warming Eve is here once again!
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hey, Starlight!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ready to celebrate your first Hearth's Warming Eve here in Ponyville?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I was thinking I might just skip it."
Spike says: "Skip Hearth's Warming Eve?!"
Spike says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I just find it all a little silly."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's mostly a day dedicated to presents and candy, isn't it?"
Spike says: "And why would you deny yourself presents and candy?"
Spike says: "That's crazy talk!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think what Spike means to say is Hearth's Warming is about more than presents and candy."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's a time to spend with friends and family when we celebrate a very important day in Equestria's history."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I think to most ponies, it's just an excuse for silly songs and fun, not a day to remember some old story."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe you just haven't heard the right Hearth's Warming Eve story yet!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Earth ponies, Pegasi, and unicorns sing songs around a hearth to fight back an eternal winter caused by the mythical windigos?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Ha!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Every foal and filly knows that story."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Not that one."
Twilight Sparkle says: "My favorite holiday story, "A Hearth's Warming Tale"!"
Spike says: "Oh, I love that one!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is the story of a powerful unicorn named Snowfall Frost, who hated Hearth's Warming Eve."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It all began many moons ago in Canterlot..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Every home in Canterlot was filled with holiday spirit."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Every home..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "except one."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It was said of Snowfall that she was almost as studied as Star Swirl the Bearded."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Almost, since everypony knows that Star Swirl was an expert at everything from transfiguration, dimensional calibration, teleportation—"
Spike says: "We get it."
Spike says: "Star Swirl's awesome."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The point is, Snowfall was also a powerful unicorn."
Twilight Sparkle says: "She wanted to be perfect."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Anything that got in the way of that was a waste of time."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, that batch is ruined."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Snowdash!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Snowdash was Snowfall's loyal assistant."
Rainbow Dash says: "What do you need?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Get this mess cleaned up."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Those foolish ponies were ringing those blasted bells outside the window and I lost my concentration!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa, ponies actually enjoying Hearth's Warming Eve."
Rainbow Dash says: "Where did they get that crazy idea?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Today is nothing to celebrate."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Hearth's Warming Eve is a menace."
Starlight Glimmer says: "A dangerous day for all of Equestria."
Rainbow Dash says: "Dangerous?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's awesome!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's the day we remember how unicorns, Pegasi, and Earth ponies came together in friendship to defeat the windigos!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "That silly legend is the problem!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Telling everypony that "singing songs and being nice" will solve anything?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I've spent years studying magic, and that's not how it works."
Rainbow Dash says: "I think you might be missing the point."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Work hard, learn, and use your skills to better Equestria."
Starlight Glimmer says: "That's a worthy goal for any pony."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But, by all means, if you want to go home early, ignore all of the work you have, and spend the rest—"
Rainbow Dash says: "Sweet!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Ugh!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I hate Hearth's Warming Eve!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "All of Equestria would be better off if we just skipped the day altogether."
Starlight Glimmer.
Happy Hearth's Warming, they say in the street.
Happy Hearth's Warming, they think they're so sweet.
Words said so often that they lack any meaning.
Why should I join in when I could be intervening?
Everypony loves this cursed holiday.
But would they be better off with it out of the way?
Well, okay.
Say goodbye to the holiday.
With my magic, I'll erase it.
The greatest gift that I give today.
And everypony will have to face it.
No more little games for you to play.
After you say goodbye to the holiday.
Goodbye, Hearth's Warming, you had a good run.
Goodbye, Hearth's Warming, it's over, you're done.
Finally set free from your forced celebrations.
No need to reply to your trite invitations.
Calendar shorter by a single day.
Is my magic up to the test?
Time to see, I can't delay.
Say goodbye to the holiday.
Prepare the spell, no hesitation.
All memory shall fade away.
See Equestria's new transformation.
No more shall anypony say.
Happy Hearth's Warming...
After today...
Starlight Glimmer says: "Once the spell is cast, all of Equestria will be better off, and they'll have me to thank for it!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Wait a minute."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Snowfall doesn't like Hearth's Warming Eve so she decides to cast a spell to get rid of it altogether?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "That seems a little extreme."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think what Spike is trying to say is that everypony has their reasons for doing things."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Even Snowfall."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And if I could continue the story, we might just find out what they are."
Spike says: "Proceed."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Snowfall was all set to cast her spell that would erase Hearth's Warming Eve for all time..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "when a voice from the hearth caught her attention."
Applejack says: "You sure you wanna go through with this?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Huh?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Who's there?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Applejack says: "The Spirit of Hearth's Warmin' Past, that's who."
Applejack says: "And you and me have got to have us a little chat."
Starlight Glimmer says: "A spirit?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I didn't cast any spirit summoning spell."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What are you doing here?"
Applejack says: "You don't think a spell like that would get by without some powerful forces noticin'?"
Applejack says: "You've got our attention, Snowfall Frost, and we've got some pretty strong opinions on this spell of yours."
Starlight Glimmer says: ""We"?"
Applejack says: "They'll be along in a bit."
Applejack says: "For now, it's just you and me."
Applejack says: "Let's get a move on."
Applejack says: "We got a ton to see and barely any time to see it."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm not going anywhere."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I've got a spell to cast, and I don't need a history lesson about Hearth's Warming Eve."
Applejack says: "We aren't goin' to the past to learn about the holiday."
Applejack says: "We're goin' to learn about you."
Applejack.
As a young thing, life sure is somethin'.
You go makin' choices large and small.
Always growin' like a seedlin'.
And playin' is like dreamin'.
And before you know it, big and tall.
And every little bitty choice you make.
Sends you down a path to who you are today.
So let's take a little trip down memory lane.
And see just what the past has to say.
Aw, look how cute you were. Looks like you're not too upset it's Hearth's Warming Eve either.
The seeds of the past.
They grow pretty fast.
Just look at who you were back then.
The seeds, as they grow.
Look what they can show.
Reveal the truth time and again.
Professor Flintheart says: "Just what do you think you're doing, Snowfall?"
Young Starlight Glimmer says: "Decorating the classroom for Hearth's Warming Eve, Professor Flintheart!"
Professor Flintheart says: "You said you wanted to learn to be a powerful unicorn, did you not?"
Young Starlight Glimmer says: "I do!"
Professor Flintheart says: "And what is the way that one becomes a powerful unicorn?"
Young Starlight Glimmer says: "Work hard, learn, and use your skills to better Equestria."
Professor Flintheart says: "And how do these help you to learn magic?"
Young Starlight Glimmer says: "I want to be strong enough to stop windigos and help ponies!"
Professor Flintheart says: "That's just a story we tell little ponies."
Professor Flintheart says: "Real magic takes time to learn."
Professor Flintheart says: "It's your choice."
Professor Flintheart says: "Spend your time learning to become a powerful unicorn or play with your toys and make nothing of yourself."
Applejack.
Then some distress, words so careless.
Standin' there, you don't know what to do.
Feelin' helpless, you can't make it hurt less.
So you go and change your point of view.
And in that moment, though you didn't know it.
Your defenses set up walls you built to last.
Leading to the pony you've become today.
And the spell you're about to cast.
It all comes from your past.
Starlight Glimmer.
The seeds of the past.
We grow up so fast.
Some hurts never go away.
Applejack.
The seeds, as they grow.
This we can't let go.
All tied to this one holiday.
Starlight Glimmer says: "Spirit?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What am I supposed to—"
Pinkie Pie says: "Snowfall Frost!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It is I, the Spirit of Hearth's Warming Presents!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Um, don't you mean "Present", like the time?"
Pinkie Pie says: "No!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Toys, Hearth's Warming doll..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Here, want a cupcake?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Fine, "Presents"."
Starlight Glimmer says: "All of the pointless things ponies waste their time on."
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, Snowfall, it's not what the gift is that matters, it's what the gift means!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "It doesn't mean anything."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's just stuff!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Exactly!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Sometimes a cupcake means "I love you!"
Pinkie Pie says: "" Or a toy means "Hi, how're you doing?"
Pinkie Pie says: "" Sometimes a book means "Your mane looks amazing!"
Pinkie Pie says: "" And sometimes a scarf means..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Well, a scarf usually means you look cold."
Pinkie Pie says: "That one's easy."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I don't understand anything you're saying."
Pinkie Pie says: "Whoa!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whoa!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What's happening to you?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "My Spirit of Hearth's Warming Presents Sense is going off!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That means a song is coming on!"
Pinkie Pie.
Take a look at everything around you.
All the smells that surely will astound you.
Open up your heart, it will surround you.
In the magic of Hearth's Warming Eve.
The little things that make it better.
Little ponies spreading cheer.
Give a toy, a hug, a sweater.
Memories that last all year.
The present's always filled with presents.
Large, medium, and small.
Sometimes the most important things.
Aren't very big at all.
What a party, there's so much to see here.
Can't believe you didn't want to be here.
You'd have had a blast, I guarantee here.
This is the spirit of Hearth's Warming Eve.
Cider's flowing, this is living.
Come on and feel the beat.
Life is better when you're giving.
Each time you do it feels so sweet.
The present's always filled with presents.
So come on, open your eyes.
Spend time with ponies just like you.
And watch your spirits rise.
The present's always filled with presents.
Take a look around.
The reason for the holiday.
Is quite easily found.
Yes, the reason for the holiday.
Is quite easily found.
And the reason is to be with your friends!
Twilight Sparkle says: "What?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You know you're doing your Pinkie Pie voice, right?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I was not!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "So, what happens next?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, the party was—"
Spike says: "Wait!"
Spike says: "Can we take a quick break?"
Spike says: "I need to refill my cocoa."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fine."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But hurry up!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're almost to the best part!"
Spike says: "Okay, I'm ready."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The party was in full swing."
Rarity says: "Snowdash!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey, Merry."
Rarity says: "Why, whatever is the matter, darling?"
Fluttershy says: "Was it the eggnog?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I knew I put in too much cinnamon!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, no, the eggnog was awesome, Flutterholly, I'm just mad at somepony who was complaining about how awful Hearth's Warming Eve is."
Rarity says: "I don't suppose that pony's name starts with "Snow"?"
Fluttershy says: "And ends with "Frost"?"
Rainbow Dash says: "She said Hearth's Warming Eve is just an excuse to party, and we would all be better off spending time working to make Equestria a better place."
Rarity says: "What does Snowfall think a better Equestria looks like?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ponies working hard, learning, and using their abilities for the benefit of Equestria."
Rarity says: "It looks like we've got everything on Snowfall's list right here."
Fluttershy says: "I think a perfect Equestria looks a lot like a Hearth's Warming Eve party."
Pinkie Pie says: "Me too!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Too bad it's going to be the last one ever!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ever!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ever!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ever!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Spirit?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What do you mean?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What's going to happen?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Who are you?"
Princess Luna says: "I am the Spirit of Hearth's Warming Yet to Come."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Are you here to show me what future Hearth's Warming Eves are like?"
Princess Luna says: "No, for there are no more Hearth's Warming Eves for me to show."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Why not?"
Princess Luna says: "You will succeed in erasing the holiday, as you wished."
Starlight Glimmer says: "And what happens?"
Princess Luna.
I see a cold wind blowing through.
I see days neither fun nor free.
I see a future caused by you.
I see a path not meant to be.
The future should be filled with magic.
Dreams and wishes brought to life.
But the days ahead are dark and tragic.
No time for hope when all is strife.
Whatever might have been.
All the dreams that ponies share.
Because of you, Snowfall Frost.
Now the future is a cold nightmare.
Starlight Glimmer says: "Windigos?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "They aren't real!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's just a little filly's story!"
Princess Luna says: "They are all too real, Snowfall, and your actions will allow them to return."
Princess Luna says: "The future of Equestria shall be bathed in a blanket of eternal snow!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "No!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I never meant for this to happen!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I didn't understand!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I didn't see how important Hearth's Warming Eve was!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Please, spirit!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I haven't cast the spell yet!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Is there still time?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm sorry!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "There's still time!"
Rarity says: "Oh, my."
Fluttershy says: "Snowfall Frost?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I was hoping I wasn't too late for the party?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I brought gifts."
Rainbow Dash says: "Boss?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I was wrong earlier, about Hearth's Warming Eve."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's not all about singing and presents."
Starlight Glimmer says: "The singing and presents are all about celebrating the ponies in our lives."
Starlight Glimmer says: "The ponies we should listen to more often: our friends."
Rainbow Dash says: "Wow."
Rainbow Dash says: "Dragon toenail?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "thanks?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I was in a hurry."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'll do better next time."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ha."
Rainbow Dash says: "You kidding?"
Rainbow Dash says: "No one's ever given me dragon toenail before!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's awesome!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Now come get some eggnog!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And from then on, it was always said of all the Hearth's Warming Eve celebrations, Snowfall's was the Hearth's Warmingest."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The end."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, that's it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thanks for letting me read you the story."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Guess you can call it a night."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike and I are heading downstairs, and if you wanted to, you'd be welcome to join us."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Welcome to the party!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Happy Hearth's Warming, Starlight."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Happy Hearth's Warming, Twilight."
Starlight Glimmer.
Hearth's Warming Eve is filled with presents.
Some take you by surprise.
A story shared by your good friends.
That makes your spirits rise.
Sometimes you just let go of the past.
Enjoy the present while it lasts.
And really it's not that much to ask.
With good friends by your side.
Now it's time to celebrate.
Ponies.
Hearth's Warming Eve is here once again.
Starlight Glimmer.
All together, feeling great.
Ponies.
Hearth's Warming Eve is here once again.
Starlight Glimmer.
Can hardly wait.
We'll party 'til late.
Our favorite date.
Ponies.
Hearth's Warming Eve is here once a—.
Happy, happy Hearth's Warming Eve.
Happy, happy Hearth's Warming Eve.
Hearth's Warming Eve is here once again!