Granny Smith says: "The timberwolves are a-howlin'!"
Granny Smith says: "The timberwolves are a-howlin'!"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Granny Smith says: "The zap apples are comin'!"
Granny Smith says: "The zap apples are comin'!"
Applejack says: "Yay, the zap apples are comin'!"
Apple Bloom says: "Yay, the zap apples are comin'!"
Big McIntosh says: "Yay, the zap apples are comin'!"
Granny Smith says: "That's what I said."
Granny Smith says: "Hey, silly goose!"
Granny Smith says: "Quit your gawkin' and move your caboose!"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Apple Bloom says: "Ready, Granny!"
Granny Smith says: "Ready for what?"
Apple Bloom says: "For makin' zap apple jam!"
Granny Smith says: "Darn tootin'!"
Granny Smith says: "It's time for some good old-fashioned zap apple jammin'!"
Apple Bloom says: "Yes, ma'am."
Apple Bloom says: "I can't wait, ma'am!"
Granny Smith says: "Wait for what?"
Apple Bloom says: "To make zap apple jam with you!"
Granny Smith says: "O'course."
Granny Smith says: "Now I been doin' this ever since I was a little pony, so be warned, pickle pear."
Granny Smith says: "There's a whole mess o' steps in this process and you gots to get each one of them just right, or no zap apple jam."
Granny Smith says: "Take this."
Apple Bloom says: "Uh, is this one of your gazillion secret herbal ingredients for the zap apple jam?"
Granny Smith says: "That there's a broom."
Granny Smith says: "Now get sweepin', pipsqueak!"
Granny Smith says: "Now while you sweep, I'll get to, uh..."
Granny Smith says: "something there..."
Granny Smith says: "umm..."
Granny Smith says: "oh, ponyfeathers."
Granny Smith says: "Bet I'd forget my mane if it wasn't attached to my head."
Applejack says: "There's the zap apple leaves, right on schedule!"
Granny Smith says: "A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H, I, J, K, L-M-N-O-P..."
Granny Smith says: "Well, howdy-doo there, Filthy Rich!"
Filthy Rich says: "Hello, Mrs."
Filthy Rich says: "Smith."
Filthy Rich says: "Did I hear right that there's a zap apple harvest coming in a few days?"
Granny Smith says: "Four days, to be exact."
Filthy Rich says: "Excellent news, and as usual, I get your first hundred jars?"
Granny Smith says: "'Course, Filthy."
Filthy Rich says: "Uh, I prefer Rich."
Granny Smith says: "Oh, and how is your pappy doin'?"
Diamond Tiara says: "Oh, you poor, poor thing, having to make all that zap apple jam with Granny Smith."
Apple Bloom says: "Actually, I been looking forward to making zap apple jam for years!"
Diamond Tiara says: "I'm not talking about the jam."
Diamond Tiara says: "I'm talking about Granny Smith!"
Diamond Tiara says: "You must be sooo embarrassed."
Granny Smith says: "Soup's on!"
Apple Bloom says: "Uh, what do ya mean?"
Diamond Tiara says: "You know, with all her silly ways, how she forgets things, and makes you wear these ridiculous costumes?"
Diamond Tiara says: "Thank goodness you're here on the farm and not in town where everypony could see you."
Diamond Tiara says: "Don't worry."
Diamond Tiara says: "Your secret is safe with me."
Apple Bloom says: ""Silly ways"?"
Granny Smith says: "Uh, thank you kindly, Filthy!"
Granny Smith says: "Shake a leg there, slowpoke!"
Granny Smith says: "We got a gaggle's worth of goods to gather before the harvest."
Granny Smith says: "Come on!"
Daisy says: "Hey!"
Daisy says: "You bite it, you buy it!"
Apple Bloom says: "Granny, isn't there a less..."
Apple Bloom says: "silly way to get the honey?"
Granny Smith says: "Oh, isn't this just precious?"
Apple Bloom says: "Please stop!"
Granny Smith says: "And it is perfect for makin' our zap apple jam!"
Apple Bloom says: "Shh!"
Apple Bloom says: "Stop it, Granny!"
Apple Bloom says: "Granny, please!"
Apple Bloom says: "Those ponies over there are watchin' me!"
Granny Smith says: "What?"
Granny Smith says: "Are those fillies your friends?"
Granny Smith says: "Hello, Half-pint's friends!"
Silver Spoon says: "Hiii, Granny Smith!"
Silver Spoon says: "Hiii,  Half-pint!"
Granny Smith says: "What dolls."
Granny Smith says: "Why, when I was little, ponies didn't come that purdy."
Apple Bloom says: "Are we done shopping, Granny?"
Apple Bloom says: "'Cause I'd like to get back to the farm, fast."
Granny Smith says: "All done, smellybelly."
Granny Smith says: "I got my honey, gooey-goo!"
Granny Smith says: "Got my honey, gooey-ooh!"
Granny Smith says: "Got my honey, iddley-hoo!"
Filthy Rich says: "And, by capturing the whole sale market, purchasing in bulk and slashing all prices, we undermine every other gift market in town, and that's how Rich's Barnyard Bargains became the cornerstone of retail in Ponyville."
Cheerilee says: "Well, thank you, Mr."
Cheerilee says: "Filthy—"
Cheerilee says: "I mean, Mr."
Cheerilee says: "Rich."
Cheerilee says: "What a wonderful day of sharing!"
Cheerilee says: "And thank you for being a part of Family Appreciation Day!"
Cheerilee says: "Now, uh, let's see who will be bringing in a family member for next Monday's Family Appreciation Day."
Cheerilee says: "Um..."
Cheerilee says: "oh!"
Cheerilee says: "Apple Bloom!"
Apple Bloom says: "But Miss Cheerilee."
Apple Bloom says: "Monday is zap apple harvest day, and Applejack and Big McIntosh will be too busy to come and speak."
Diamond Tiara says: "Miss Cheerilee."
Diamond Tiara says: "Apple Bloom's Granny Smith isn't working harvest."
Diamond Tiara says: "She could come."
Apple Bloom says: "Oh!"
Cheerilee says: "That's a splendid idea, Diamond Tiara!"
Cheerilee says: "Apple Bloom, you shall bring in Granny Smith on Monday."
Cheerilee says: "Have a great weekend, everypony!"
Apple Bloom says: "Granny Smith?"
Apple Bloom says: "Come Monday, I'll be the laughin' stock of Ponyville!"
Applejack says: "I'm sorry, Apple Bloom."
Applejack says: "I already told you that we just can't take a break from harvest to come to your school."
Applejack says: "You know what'll happen."
Apple Bloom says: "I know..."
Apple Bloom says: "after the fifth day, the zap apples disappear..."
Granny Smith says: "Look!"
Granny Smith says: "The third sign!"
Granny Smith says: "Right on time!"
Granny Smith says: "Hot diggity!"
Apple family says: "Wow!"
Granny Smith says: "Alright, you lazy daisies, move your caboose!"
Applejack says: "I'm sorry, Apple Bloom, but don't you fret."
Applejack says: "Granny Smith's got no shortage of entertainin' stories to tell."
Apple Bloom says: "I know."
Apple Bloom says: "That's what I'm worried about."
Scootaloo says: "What are you, a dictionary?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Snap out of it."
Sweetie Belle says: "We're here to help you!"
Scootaloo says: "After all, we are the Cutie Mark Crusaders."
Scootaloo says: "We'll figure out a way to postpone your presentation."
Apple Bloom says: "But how?"
Apple Bloom says: "Ugh!"
Apple Bloom says: "All this worry is makin' me sick!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Sick?"
Scootaloo says: "That's it!"
Scootaloo says: "C'mon!"
Granny Smith says: "Ten-hut!"
Granny Smith says: "Now listen here, troops!"
Granny Smith says: "Now, I don't want any whinin' or cryin' or crackin' under pressure!"
Granny Smith says: "Do I make myself clear?!"
Granny Smith says: "!"
Granny Smith says: "Court-martialed!"
Scootaloo says: "Stay still, Apple Bloom!"
Scootaloo says: "You have to look sick!"
Apple Bloom says: "Aaah!"
Apple Bloom says: "Hey, this is hot!"
Granny Smith says: "What in the hayseed is going on in there, silly billy?"
Scootaloo says: "Oh, Granny Smith!"
Scootaloo says: "We were just about to come get you!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Apple Bloom's sick!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Looks like she might have to stay home all week!"
Granny Smith says: "Ooh!"
Granny Smith says: "Perfect as a Piccadilly pear!"
Apple Bloom says: "Now what?"
Apple Bloom says: "It's already almost sundown!"
Apple Bloom says: "Tomorrow is Sunday, and I only have one more day to figure something out!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Hey!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Look!"
Apple Bloom says: "That's the fourth sign!"
Apple Bloom says: "The zap apples have appeared!"
Sweetie Belle says: "And that gives me an idea!"
Sweetie Belle says: "We can't move Family Appreciation Day, so let's move harvest day instead!"
Apple Bloom says: "They don't look..."
Apple Bloom says: "quite ripe."
Scootaloo says: "Harvesting apples early never hurt an apple."
Apple Bloom says: "I don't know..."
Apple Bloom says: "zap apple trees aren't like normal apple trees."
Apple Bloom says: "They're magic."
Sweetie Belle says: "How different can they be?"
Apple Bloom says: "Well if we can't buck 'em, let's just pick 'em!"
Apple Bloom says: "Any other bright ideas?"
Cheerilee says: "Granny Smith, it's Miss Cheerilee!"
Cheerilee says: "Apple Bloom said you wanted to speak with me?"
Cheerilee says: "..."
Cheerilee says: "Hello?"
Apple Bloom says: "Well hello there!"
Apple Bloom says: "Howdydoo!"
Cheerilee says: "Hi..."
Cheerilee says: "uh..."
Cheerilee says: "Granny Smith..."
Cheerilee says: "is, ugh, everything okay?"
Apple Bloom says: "Of course it is!"
Apple Bloom says: "Why wouldn't it be?"
Apple Bloom says: "Oh, er, excuse me."
Apple Bloom says: "Uh, pickles always give me the hiccups!"
Apple Bloom says: "I need to tell you that I can't make the presentation on Monday after all!"
Cheerilee says: "Oh no, is that so?"
Apple Bloom says: "No doubts about it!"
Apple Bloom says: "I gotta shear the flowers and water the sheep!"
Apple Bloom says: "I mean, I have to water the flowers and shear the sheep!"
Cheerilee says: "Oh, well, that's too bad."
Cheerilee says: "We can reschedule."
Granny Smith says: "E– whut– hai– where am I?"
Granny Smith says: "Well, howdy, Miss Cheerilee!"
Granny Smith says: "You window shopping?"
Cheerilee says: "Uh..."
Cheerilee says: "no?"
Cheerilee says: "You asked me to come here to tell me that you wouldn't be making it to Family Appreciation Day?"
Granny Smith says: "Fiddlesticks!"
Granny Smith says: "I wouldn't miss it for all the tea in Canterlot!"
Cheerilee says: "But– didn't you just say..."
Cheerilee says: "?"
Granny Smith says: "See you Monday!"
Apple Bloom says: "I wish I could just run off and hide!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Well, you can't run off..."
Sweetie Belle says: "but maybe somepony else can!"
Granny Smith says: "Yee-haw!"
Applejack says: "The zap apple harvest has begun!"
Granny Smith says: "And tomorrow we will be makin' up some zap apple jam!"
Scootaloo says: "Miss Granny Smith?"
Scootaloo says: "Telegram."
Granny Smith says: "Well, bust my buttons."
Granny Smith says: "Uncle Apple Strudel wants me to pay him a visit."
Apple Bloom says: "And you can just make the 8AM train."
Apple Bloom says: "I already packed you a bag!"
Granny Smith says: "Well, that was considerate."
Granny Smith says: "But don't you worry, flibbertigibbet!"
Granny Smith says: "I'll be back in time to make that jam!"
Apple Bloom says: "That train ride takes all day."
Apple Bloom says: "I'm safe."
Apple Bloom says: "Hah."
Cheerilee says: "For today's Family Appreciation Day, we are pleased to welcome Granny Smith."
Cheerilee says: "Um..."
Cheerilee says: "Apple Bloom?"
Cheerilee says: "Is Granny Smith here?"
Granny Smith says: "Well, howdy, my little ponies!"
Granny Smith says: "Howdy, y'all!"
Granny Smith says: "I'm as happy as a pig in a fresh mudpile to be here!"
Apple Bloom says: "Whuh– what are you doing here?"
Apple Bloom says: "Did you miss the train?"
Granny Smith says: "Er, no, it came."
Granny Smith says: "And Uncle Apple Strudel was on it."
Apple Strudel says: "Ooooooh, noogie-noogie-noggie!"
Diamond Tiara says: "I can't wait to hear Granny Smith's presentation."
Diamond Tiara says: "If she can remember any of it."
Granny Smith says: "Long ago, when I was a little pony, things were very different here in Ponyville, 'cause there was no Ponyville!"
Granny Smith says: "That's right, my little ponies."
Granny Smith says: "Me and my family were pilgrim pony folk, back when I was a little filly."
Granny Smith says: "Oh, we ventured far and wide, collecting new seeds and sellin' the old."
Granny Smith says: "But my pa was the finest seed collector in all of Equestria."
Granny Smith says: "Then, one day, the Smith family found themselves in the most brilliant, most grand, most magnificent of all cities."
Granny Smith says: "A place called..."
Granny Smith says: "Canterlot."
Granny Smith says: "Well, I bet your hooves to hindquarters I had never seen anything like it before nor since."
Granny Smith says: "And as if the beauty of that city wasn't enough, suddenly, she appeared."
Granny Smith says: "Princess Celestia, the most regal of all ponies."
Granny Smith says: "When lo and behold, she stopped to look at my pa's seed collection."
Granny Smith says: "Then Princess Celestia saw that we were plumb-tuckered and hankerin' to find our forever home."
Granny Smith says: "And bein' a royal Princess and all, she knew exactly the place for us to lay down our stakes."
Granny Smith says: "My pa gave the Princess a mighty thanks."
Granny Smith says: "We quickly found that land near the Everfree Forest, and we built our first home."
Granny Smith says: "Next, we planted our first orchards."
Granny Smith says: "But an orchard don't grow overnight, and we were getting mighty short on food."
Granny Smith says: "Now mind you, we were cautioned about the forest, and we knew that it was not fit to enter."
Granny Smith says: "But I knew there was critters livin' there."
Granny Smith says: "There must be somethin' to eat."
Granny Smith says: "It was dark and musty, and I won't lie, it was scary."
Granny Smith says: "But every inch was covered in plant life, and before I knew it, wasn't I standin' in front of the most incredible apple trees!"
Granny Smith says: "I had never seen anything that bore this kind of colorful fruit!"
Granny Smith says: "Oh I started picking apples quick as a whip!"
Granny Smith says: "I turned, and there before me stood the timberwolves!"
Granny Smith says: "I've never run so fast in my life."
Granny Smith says: "I did the only thing I could think of."
Granny Smith says: "My pa and I planted those special apple seeds, and before our eyes they grew like wildfire."
Granny Smith says: "Why, we had full grown trees faster than you could say 'lickety split'."
Granny Smith says: "Then each year, I paid close attention to the signs of the zap apples' special harvesting times—"
Granny Smith says: "how the weather affects the Everfree Forest, how the timberwolves howl when the zap apples first start growing, and how they zapped away if you didn't pick 'em all in one day!"
Granny Smith says: "And the fruits of our labor were the best fruit we ever tasted."
Granny Smith says: "Soon enough I was mixing up batches of zap apple jam."
Granny Smith says: "Just like harvestin' the zap apples had its special rules, so did makin' zap apple jam."
Granny Smith says: "I learned that you gotta be extra friendly with the bees, otherwise their honey won't taste rightly sweet to mix in with the zap apples."
Granny Smith says: "Who'd'a thought that glass jars needed talkin' to?"
Granny Smith says: "Or that zap apples like pink polka dots?"
Granny Smith says: "But magic is as magic does."
Granny Smith says: "Just funny that way."
Granny Smith says: "Then ponies started comin' to our farm from far and wide just to get a taste of my zap apple jam."
Granny Smith says: "Some of them decided to stay, like Stinkin' Rich, Diamond Tiara's great grandfather."
Granny Smith says: "Matter of fact, the first thing he ever sold was my zap apple jam."
Granny Smith says: "And before we knew it, we had ourselves a nice little town, bustling with all kinds of ponies."
Granny Smith says: "And that is how Ponyville was founded."
Granny Smith says: "Oh, thank you kindly, little ponies."
Granny Smith says: "Oh, now now, let's settle down."
Scootaloo says: "So if it weren't for you and the zap apples, Ponyville wouldn't even exist?!"
Scootaloo says: "!"
Granny Smith says: "Darn tootin', little filly!"
Apple Bloom says: "If it weren't for my Granny Smith, your daddy wouldn't have Barnyard Bargains."
Diamond Tiara says: "But she's just a..."
Diamond Tiara says: "kooky old lady!"
Apple Bloom says: "She is not a kooky old lady!"
Apple Bloom says: "She is the most amazing pony in all of Ponyville!"
Scootaloo says: "I think this is the best zap apple jam I've tasted yet!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Must be 'cause you had something to do with it, Apple Bloom."
Granny Smith says: "You betcha."
Granny Smith says: "Apple Bloom is one humdinger of a zap apple jammer!"
Apple Bloom says: "I am?"
Applejack says: "So I take it Family Appreciation Day went well?"
Apple Bloom says: "Did it?"
Apple Bloom says: "My Granny Smith is super special!"
Apple Bloom says: "I just forgot that for a little while."
Granny Smith says: "Aw, don't fret."
Granny Smith says: "I forget things all the time."
Granny Smith says: "Now, I'll getcha..."
Granny Smith says: "er..."
Granny Smith says: "somethin'."
Granny Smith says: "Aw."
Applejack says: "Who wants to help Granny sing to the water?"
Foals says: "We do, we do!"
Granny Smith says: "A, B, C, D, E, F, G..."
Foals says: "A, B, C, D, E, F, G..."
Filthy Rich says: "Diamond Tiara?"
Diamond Tiara says: "But dad!"