Fluttershy says: "Oh, good morning, little friends."
Fluttershy says: "Your singing is oh-so pretty."
Fluttershy says: "Yes, it is a very beautiful day today."
Fluttershy says: "Certainly something worth singing about."
There's music in the treetops.
And there's music in the vale.
And all around the music fills the sky.
There's music by the river.
And there's music in the grass.
And the music makes your heart soar in reply.
Fluttershy says: "Oh, thank you so much."
Fluttershy says: "You're too kind."
Pinkie Pie says: "Wow!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh..."
Fluttershy says: "you..."
Fluttershy says: "um..."
Fluttershy says: "you didn't hear me..."
Fluttershy says: "um..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Singing in the most beautiful voice ever?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, yeah, we did!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wow, I've never heard you sing a solo like that before!"
Applejack says: "It was like a little slice of heaven."
Pinkie Pie says: "With ice cream on top!"
Rarity says: "Fluttershy, I cannot believe your spectacular voice isn't part of the Pony Tones quartet!"
Fluttershy says: "Um, well, I—"
Rarity says: "Especially since you're having us perform for your Ponyville Pet Center fundraiser tomorrow night!"
Fluttershy says: "Well, you see, I—"
Rarity says: "This simply must be rectified."
Rarity says: "You must share that stunning voice at the event!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yeah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It'll be so amazing!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You'll be there on stage, basking in the hooflights!"
Pinkie Pie says: "The center of attention!"
Pinkie Pie says: "A shining star!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Everypony staring at you, judging you, jealously noting how they could be way better than you!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Why wasn't it them?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Why wasn't it them?"
Pinkie Pie says: "And then, when you choke, they'll turn on you, becoming a seething, angry mob, and you'll be horribly humiliated, never able to show your face in Ponyville again!"
Rarity says: "Pinkie Pie!"
Rarity says: "Don't be ridiculous!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Aw, but I'm so good at it!"
Rarity says: "Come, Fluttershy, you will join the group, making the Pony Tones quartet the Pony Tones quintet!"
Fluttershy says: "No."
Rarity says: "Pardon me?"
Fluttershy says: "I love the Pony Tones, I'm one of their biggest fans, but I do not want to perform with them."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why not, Fluttershy?"
Fluttershy says: "Well, you see..."
Fluttershy says: "I..."
Fluttershy says: "I have..."
Fluttershy says: "um..."
Fluttershy says: "I..."
Fluttershy says: "I have..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Spit it out!"
Fluttershy says: "I have..."
Fluttershy says: "stage fright."
Pinkie Pie says: "Is it contagious?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Stage fright isn't a disease, Pinkie."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It just means that Fluttershy is scared to perform in front of everypony."
Fluttershy says: "I'm very thankful the Pony Tones are singing at the Pet Center fundraiser, and I'm really looking forward to the performance, but I'll be watching safely from the audience."
Rarity says: "Well..."
Rarity says: "I think it's a terrible waste of an exquisite talent, but I understand that you're not comfortable."
Fluttershy says: "Thank you."
Fluttershy says: "Oh!"
Fluttershy says: "Angel's right."
Fluttershy says: "We'd better get going."
Fluttershy says: "There's a lot of work to do before tomorrow's event."
Big McIntosh.
Bum, bum, bum-ba-da, ba-da.
Dum, bum, bum-ba-da ah.
The Pony Tones.
Bum, bum, bum-ba-da, ba-da Oh, ah-ah-ah-ah.
Bum, bum, bum-ba-da ah Oh, ah-ah-ah-ah.
Big McIntosh.
Everypony's sayin' you should learn to express your voice.
But if talk doesn't seem like it's the answer.
The Pony Tones.
Luckily you have a choice.
Got the music in you.
Spike says: "Woo-hoo, yeah!"
Spike says: "Rarity, you were awesome!"
Rarity says: "Uh, thank you, Spike, but this is an ensemble."
Spike says: "Eh, the rest of you were pretty good too."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I thought you were all amazing, Pony Tones!"
Torch Song says: "Thanks, Fluttershy!"
Rarity says: "Now, Pony Tones, I want you all to rest your voices for the remainder of the day."
Rarity says: "We'll do a final run-through tomorrow before the big event, alright?"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Torch Song says: "Sounds great!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, Rarity, the Pony Tones are really gonna make the Ponyville Pet Center fundraiser so special."
Fluttershy says: "Thank you so much for helping me help the animals."
Rarity says: "Oh, yes."
Rarity says: "It is wonderful when a plan comes together without any sort of drama, isn't it?"
Fluttershy says: "Mm-hmm."
Torch Song says: "Morning, Fluttershy!"
Fluttershy says: "Good morning, Pony Tones!"
Rarity says: "Actually, we're the Pony Tones minus one tone."
Rarity says: "Big Mac is inconveniently late."
Rarity says: "Well, there you are!"
Rarity says: "Haven't I told you about punctuality?"
Rarity says: "Nah-ah!"
Rarity says: "I don't want to hear it!"
Rarity says: "Big Mac?"
Rarity says: "Can you please start the song?"
Big McIntosh says: "Nope."
Rarity says: "Big Mac!"
Rarity says: "Did you lose your voice?"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Rarity says: "Whatever did you do to cause this?"
Big McIntosh says: "Well..."
Applejack says: "Howdy, everypony, and welcome to the twelfth annual Ponyville turkey call!"
Applejack says: "Who will take the title this year?"
Applejack says: "Will it be somepony new?"
Applejack says: "Or will the turkey call champion of six years defend his title to make it lucky number seven?"
Granny Smith says: "We'll find out if you stop your gabbin' and get on with the gobblin'!"
Applejack says: "Alright, everypony!"
Applejack says: "Let's talk turkey!"
Applejack says: "Big Mac, you're up!"
Rarity says: "A..."
Rarity says: "a..."
Rarity says: "a turkey call?"
Rarity says: "You lost your voice doing a..."
Rarity says: "a turkey call?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Lost his voice and the title!"
Rarity says: "Now we can't perform tonight!"
Fluttershy says: "Wait, what?"
Fluttershy says: "No!"
Fluttershy says: "You have to perform!"
Fluttershy says: "Otherwise, the fundraiser will be a disaster!"
Rarity says: "Well, we cannot perform tonight with only three voices."
Fluttershy says: "Why not?"
Rarity says: "It would take rearranging all the music, and we just don't have time."
Rarity says: "I'm sorry, Fluttershy, but I have no remedy for this situation."
Fluttershy says: "Of course!"
Fluttershy says: "A remedy!"
Fluttershy says: "Follow me!"
Zecora says: "Hmmm."
Big McIntosh says: "Ahhhh."
Zecora says: "Hmmm."
Big McIntosh says: "Ahhh—"
Zecora says: "I can cure this pony that is hoarse, but it will take a longer course."
Rarity says: "Uh, come again?"
Zecora says: "Mm."
Zecora says: "I can mix a brew that can work just right, but it cannot heal him by tonight."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, no!"
Fluttershy says: "Ah!"
Fluttershy says: "Where are we ever going to find a deep voice to replace Big Mac's?"
Rarity says: "Pardon me, Zecora, but this is no laughing matter!"
Rarity says: "We need a bass voice for the harmonies to work!"
Rarity says: "Without it, the performance will be ruined!"
Zecora says: "Please, forgive my strange elation, but I was not laughing at your situation."
Rarity says: "Then what?"
Zecora says: "Remember when you pony folk stumbled into poison joke?"
Zecora says: "Miss Fluttershy had an unusual change, deepening her vocal range."
Fluttershy says: "I don't want to talk about it."
Rarity says: "Yes, yes!"
Rarity says: "Your voice became really low, making it sound like..."
Fluttershy says: "Flutterguy!"
Zecora says: "With these leaves I can mix a brew, creating the same effect on you."
Rarity says: "Zecora, that's fantastic!"
Fluttershy says: "Yes!"
Fluttershy says: "I'll do it!"
Fluttershy says: "I'd do anything for the animals!"
Rarity says: "Why, you'd even appear on stage!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh."
Fluttershy says: "Except that."
Fluttershy says: "I just can't bring myself to sing on stage in front of everypony."
Rarity says: "What if you sang not in front of everypony?"
Fluttershy says: "Huh?"
Rarity says: "What if Big Mac was onstage, moving his lips while you're behind the curtains singing his part?"
Rarity says: "It would be just like singing in your house!"
Rarity says: "Nopony would know it was you!"
Fluttershy says: "Even still, I just don't think I could sing in front of..."
Rarity says: "You must!"
Rarity says: "For the animals!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh..."
Fluttershy says: "okay then..."
Fluttershy says: "Mix it up!"
Rarity says: "Now, do it just like we practiced!"
Rarity says: "Good evening, citizens of Ponyville!"
Rarity says: "I want to thank you all for coming out tonight and generously supporting the Ponyville Pet Center!"
Rarity says: "Thanks to your kindness, pets are finding loving homes, and we're sure to meet our fundraising goal!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Where's Fluttershy?"
Applejack says: "Probably hidin'."
Applejack says: "You know how much that pony hates the spotlight."
Rarity says: "So, with no further ado, please welcome the Pony Tones!"
Fluttershy male voice.
Bum, bum, bum-ba-da, ba-da.
Bum, bum, bum-ba-da ah.
The Pony Tones.
Bum, bum, bum-ba-da, ba-da Oh, ah-ah-ah-ah.
Bum, bum, bum-ba-da ah Oh, ah-ah-ah-ah.
Bum, bum, bum-ba-da, ba-da Oh, ah-ah-ah-ah.
Bum, bum, bum-ba-da ah Oh, ah-ah-ah-ah.
Fluttershy male voice.
Trot outside and you see the sunshine.
Something's in the air today.
Sky is clear and you're feelin' so fine.
Everything's gonna be a-okay.
Toe-Tapper and Torch Song.
If you listen carefully.
On every corner there's a rhythm playing.
Toe-Tapper and Rarity.
Then it happens suddenly.
The music takes you over and you'll.
The Pony Tones.
Got the music in you.
Fluttershy male voice.
Oh, o-o-oh.
Everypony's sayin' you should learn to express your voice.
But if talk doesn't seem like it's the answer.
The Pony Tones.
Luckily you have a choice.
Got the music in you.
Got the music, got the music in you!
Crowd says: "Pony Tones!"
Crowd says: "Pony Tones!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pony Tones!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That was truly amazing!"
Applejack says: "And you sounded better than ever, big brother!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Fluttershy, you were on the wrong side of the curtain!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You totally missed the show!"
Rarity says: "Uh, just like a true professional, Fluttershy was backstage making sure everything ran smoothly!"
Rarity says: "And it was perfect."
Nightjar says: "That was fantastic, Pony Tones!"
Zipporwhill says: "My new puppy and I thought it was super-duper crazy good!"
Rarity says: "Why, thank you!"
Nightjar says: "And we were wondering if you would consider performing at my daughter Zipporwhill's cute-ceañera."
Zipporwhill says: "Will you?"
Zipporwhill says: "Will you?"
Rarity says: "We'd love to!"
Rarity says: "When is it?"
Rarity says: "Next week?"
Rarity says: "Next month?"
Nightjar says: "Tomorrow!"
Zipporwhill says: "Tomorrow!"
Rarity says: "Oh, gracious, I'm terribly sorry, but that's much too last minute."
Zipporwhill says: "Oh, no..."
Nightjar says: "Well..."
Nightjar says: "I understand."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, Rarity, we can't disappoint that sweet little filly."
Rarity says: "Are you sure you're up for it?"
The Pony Tones.
When you find you've got the music.
Got the music in you.
Find you've got the music.
Got the music in you.
Got the music, got the music in you!
Zipporwhill says: "Whoo, yeah, alright!"
Zipporwhill says: "We got the Pony Tones, we got the Pony Tones!"
Mayor Mare says: "Amazing, Pony Tones!"
Mayor Mare says: "And it would be even more amazing if you could perform at my ribbon-cutting ceremony tomorrow!"
Rarity says: "Oh, Mayor, we would love to, but..."
Rarity says: "would you excuse us for a second, Mayor?"
Mayor Mare says: "Certainly."
Rarity says: "Don't worry, Fluttershy, you don't have to perform again."
Fluttershy says: "But we wouldn't want to disappoint the Mayor."
Rarity says: "Well, then..."
Rarity says: "Mayor?"
Rarity says: "The Pony Tones will happily perform at your ceremony!"
The Pony Tones.
Fluttershy male voice.
Trot outside and see the sunshine.
Something's in the air today.
Sky is clear and you're feelin' so fine.
Everything's gonna be a-okay.
The Pony Tones.
Fluttershy says: "We wouldn't want to disappoint the spa patrons."
The Pony Tones.
If you listen carefully.
On every corner there's a rhythm playing.
Then it happens suddenly.
The music takes you over and you'll.
Fluttershy says: "We wouldn't want to disappoint the schoolponies."
The Pony Tones.
Got the music in you.
Got the music, got the music in you.
Fluttershy male voice.
Find the music.
Deep down in your heart.
You can find it, oh ye-eah.
Got the music in you now.
Ye-e-eah, got the music in you.
Rarity says: "Fluttershy, we must talk to you."
Rarity says: "Big Mac's voice is all better!"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Rarity says: "Now you can bathe in the poison joke antidote and sound like your lovely self again."
Fluttershy says: "It's just..."
Fluttershy says: "I didn't know that last performance was my last performance."
Rarity says: "Fluttershy, stop!"
Rarity says: "Ohhh..."
Rarity says: "would it be okay if Fluttershy sang for you one last time?"
Big McIntosh says: "Hmm."
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Fluttershy male voice.
Hey, find it, oh why, you can find it.
In your heart, yeah, find the music, yeah.
It's in you right now! Oh, yeah!
You can find the music!
Fluttershy male voice.
Yeah, yeah, I love the music, ye—.
Rest of main cast says: "Fluttershy?!"
Rest of main cast says: "!"
Applejack says: "Big Mac, you got some 'splainin' to do!"
Applejack says: "Turkey call?"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Applejack says: "Trash your voice?"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Applejack says: "Zecora remedy?"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Applejack says: "Not quick enough?"
Big McIntosh says: "Nnope."
Applejack says: "Needed a deep voice?"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Applejack says: "Poison joke?"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Applejack says: "Flutterguy?"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Applejack says: "Better now?"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Applejack says: "And that shy filly was livin' her dream in the shadows because she couldn't bring herself to come into the spotlight?"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Applejack says: "Well, for corn's sake!"
Applejack says: "Let's go!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You in here?"
Fluttershy says: "Yes..."
Fluttershy says: "I'm here."
Pinkie Pie says: "That was totally unbelievable!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I mean, the curtain came up and there you were, singing in front of everypony!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And you know, I don't think anypony was jealous, 'cause there certainly wasn't an angry mob!"
Pinkie Pie says: "But it must have been horrible standing there on stage, all eyes glued directly on you!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's like you were living your own personal worst nightmare!"
Fluttershy says: "It was."
Pinkie Pie says: "What?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Too much?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What Pinkie meant to say is that you were really great!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Wait!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Didn't I say that?"
Rarity says: "Hardly!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whoops."
Pinkie Pie says: "You were great!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You totally blew my mind!"
Applejack says: "Incredible!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Though, no offense..."
Pinkie Pie says: "you kind of sounded like a dude."
Pinkie Pie says: "Uh, a great-sounding dude!"
Fluttershy says: "Well, thank you all."
Fluttershy says: "I'm glad you enjoyed it."
Fluttershy says: "Because I'm never going to sing in front of anypony ever again."
Pinkie Pie says: "Are you kidding me?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Rarity says: "Can we please stop running?"
Rarity says: "I just don't understand why, Fluttershy."
Rarity says: "After all, you're the one that wanted the Pony Tones to sing for every silly thing that was requested of us."
Fluttershy says: "You mean, you knew I really wanted to perform?"
Rarity says: "Of course I knew!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh..."
Rarity says: "And, for all her babbling, Pinkie Pie was right about one thing."
Pinkie Pie says: "Only one?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Rarity says: "When that curtain fell, and everypony saw you singing, you lived your worst nightmare!"
Rarity says: "Was it really that bad?"
Fluttershy says: "Yes!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, what was so bad about it?"
Rainbow Dash says: "The thunderous applause?"
Applejack says: "The praise for your fantastic singin'?"
Pinkie Pie says: "The screaming fans?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Fluttershy.
There's music in the treetops.
And there's music in the vale.
And all around the music fills the sky.
There's music by the river.
And there's music in the grass.
And the music makes your heart soar in reply.
The Pony Tones.
When you find you've got the music.
Fluttershy.
You've got to look inside and find.
The Pony Tones.
Find you've got the music.
Fluttershy.
The music deep inside you.
The Pony Tones.
Find you've got the music.
Fluttershy.
The Pony Tones.
Find you've got the music.
Fluttershy.
You're gonna find it, gonna find.
The Pony Tones.
You've got the music.
Got the music, got the music.
Got the music in you!
Rainbow Dash says: "You did it, Fluttershy!"
Applejack says: "See?"
Applejack says: "That wasn't so bad."
Pinkie Pie says: "And you didn't look completely petrified by the fact that we're all staring at you at all!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "How do you feel?"
Fluttershy says: "Surprisingly..."
Fluttershy says: "okay!"
Rarity says: "Fantastic, because the Pony Tones have been booked for the Apple Family Zap Apple Jam Extraordinaire!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, no..."
Fluttershy says: "I couldn't do that!"
Applejack says: "How come?"
Seriously?
For real?
Come on, Fluttershy...
Fluttershy says: "I'll get there someday."
Fluttershy says: "But for now..."
Fluttershy says: "baby steps, everypony."
Fluttershy says: "Baby steps."
Fluttershy says: "Sometimes, being afraid can stop you from doing something that you love, but hiding behind these fears means you're only hiding from your true self."
Fluttershy says: "It's much better to face those fears so you can shine and be the best pony you can possibly be."