Twilight Sparkle says: "I've prepared a full day of spells."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You've been doing great, but now it's time for a real challenge!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh-ho-ho!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "It is on!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Where do we begin?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Teleportation!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Multiple locations!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Try to keep up!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Transfiguration!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Shields!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Whoo!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I am on fire!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What's next?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe there is such a thing as too much studying."
Starlight Glimmer says: "As you know, speed spells like Accelero are not easy."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But if done correctly, they can allow you to be much more efficient with your day."
Spike says: "Way to go, Starlight!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Now I'm finished."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I have to admit, your skills with magic really are nothing short of amazing."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm very impressed."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I've always been something of a natural."
Twilight Sparkle says: "However, it doesn't look like you've tackled any friendship lessons since you met Trixie."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Are you sure?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I could've sworn there were a couple in there somewhere..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sure."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I see..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, I'm really quite busy this week."
Starlight Glimmer says: "So many commitments."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'll try and find some time in my—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No time like the present!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike and I are headed to Canterlot."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess Celestia wanted me to give her students a quick overview on the history of enchanted objects in Equestria."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We'll be back after the presentation, which should be..."
Spike says: "Twenty moons from now?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Tonight."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's a quick presentation."
Spike says: "Sure, keep telling yourself that..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You can tackle a friendship lesson today, and we can review your progress when I get back later this evening."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Of course!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "No problem!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Friendship lesson..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "On it..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Great!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Can't wait."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now, Spike, help me color-code these cards according to time, place, and object."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Huh?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Huh!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, yeah."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Mm-hmm."
Spike says: "Hey!"
Spike says: "Twilight and I are about to head to Canterlot."
Spike says: "Just checking to see if you need anything before we left."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Nope, not at all!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm good here."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, not good – great!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Not a problem in the world!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Heh."
Spike says: "Uh-huh."
Spike says: "So..."
Spike says: "what are you doing, exactly?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "was..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "just trying to decide which friendship lesson I was going to tackle while you two were in Canterlot."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Bap-ba-du..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, yep, right here, where I just left them a second ago."
Spike says: ""Bake a cake with Pinkie Pie," "scrapbook with Applejack," "sew with Rarity..."
Spike says: ""Help an animal with Fluttershy," "chillax with Rainbow Dash?"
Spike says: "" What is chillaxing?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "No idea."
Spike says: "You know, uh, if you're nervous about your friendship lessons, it's totally okay to say so."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Nervous, me?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, Spike, you really are hilarious, ha-ha."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You think I'm nervous that I'm gonna fail something as simple as baking a cake?"
Spike says: "Well, if you were, it'd be—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Silly!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Twilight just said how impressed she was that I combined a speed spell and a duplication spell."
Starlight Glimmer says: "That was a challenge."
Starlight Glimmer says: "These?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Pfft, hah!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I could combine all five of these at the same time without breaking a sweat."
Spike says: "I think maybe you're missing—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "An opportunity to really impress Twilight?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Great idea, Spike!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm gonna get right on that!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Good talk."
Spike says: "And I thought Twilight was the master of the freak-out."
Starlight Glimmer says: "So, with your help, I figure these should be done in no time."
Applejack says: "Are you sure this is what Twilight would want?"
Applejack says: "Seems like you might want to take your time with each of these."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But by working as a team, we can get them done faster."
Starlight Glimmer says: "And isn't teamwork a key factor in friendship?"
Applejack says: "I..."
Applejack says: "guess."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Super!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Pinkie Pie, since we're baking, you will be in the kitchen."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Rarity, Applejack, you two can set up in the library."
Rarity says: "Oh, I don't know that a dusty old library has the proper lighting."
Rarity says: "Perhaps we can stay out here in the foyer."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I thought that Fluttershy and I could work with the animals right here in the foyer."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, um, whatever you think is best."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Great."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Now, Rainbow Dash—"
Fluttershy says: "It might depend on the animal."
Fluttershy says: "For instance, this poor little eagle with a sprained wing might be better off up in one of the towers."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Yeah, yeah, yeah, sure."
Fluttershy says: "And these adorable little chipmunks might prefer a nook somewhere."
Fluttershy says: "Maybe if you spend some time getting to know—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "In a minute, Fluttershy."
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, I don't know if we can chillax properly in the castle."
Rainbow Dash says: "We need very specific conditions for optimal chillaxing."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, I just assumed chillaxing could happen anywhere."
Rainbow Dash says: "Heh."
Rainbow Dash says: "Shows what you know about chillaxing."
Rainbow Dash says: "Let me do some location scouting."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Okay..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It seemed more efficient to start with the scrapbooking, so we can just get it out of the—"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh, ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Can we start with me?"
Pinkie Pie says: "We're gonna need time for the cake to bake!"
Pinkie Pie says: "After all..."
It's a piece of cake to bake a pretty cake—.
Starlight Glimmer says: "Uh, we're on a schedule, no time for a song."
Starlight Glimmer says: "We can start with baking, then—"
Rarity says: "But we can't design dresses after you've been baking with Pinkie."
Rarity says: "She can be a bit messy."
Pinkie Pie says: "Mmm!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Fine."
Starlight Glimmer says: "We can start with the dresses, and then—"
Applejack says: "While y'all figure that out, I'm gonna start layin' out the pictures for scrapbookin'."
Applejack says: "We got a whole lot of time to cover."
Starlight Glimmer says: "How much is a whole lot?"
Applejack says: "We've got at least eighty moons worth of memories to go through."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Eighty moons?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh."
Rainbow Dash says: "There is nowhere to chillax in this castle!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We're gonna have to set up somewhere else."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Could you all excuse me for..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "one..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "second?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Wow."
Rainbow Dash says: "That pony really needs to chillax."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Maybe if I cast a little spell to help things along..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Something simple and safe."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Fiducia Compelus..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "That's not bad."
Starlight Glimmer says: "They would barely notice it, but..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "is it enough?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Maybe Cogeria so they're more..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "open to suggestion."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, or maybe Cogeria combined with Fiducia Compelus!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Yes, that could work nicely!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, with a hint of Persuadere to be sure it sticks."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Everypony'll probably thank me for getting it all done so quickly."
Starlight Glimmer says: "And Twilight will be thrilled I've completed so many lessons."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Everypony wins!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Congratulations, Starlight."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You're a genius."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Maybe the congratulations were a little premature..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Cogeria..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Persuadere..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Fiducia..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Hmm."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Ah!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Of course!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Fiducia Compelus needs a trigger."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Ponies!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Hear my voice and listen!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Pinkie, kitchen."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Rarity, Applejack, library."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Fluttershy, stay here."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Rainbow Dash, find somewhere inside the castle and set up a place where we can chillax."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Let's get to work, Pinkie!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Okie-dokie!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What would you like to do first?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Uh, what are we supposed to do first?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whatever you want to do first, Starlight Glimmer."
Starlight Glimmer says: "add baking soda, salt and cinnamon!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Hmm."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I think you can take it from here."
Pinkie Pie says: "Take what from where?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "The baking."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Just keep following the instructions in the book until I get back."
Pinkie Pie says: "Abso-tively!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Instruction following starting..."
Pinkie Pie says: "now!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Baking a cake – check!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Now on to sewing!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What did you have in mind, Rarity?"
Rarity says: "Whatever you want me to have in my mind, Starlight Glimmer."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Can you make a dress exactly like that one?"
Rarity says: "Just like this one?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Just like it."
Rarity says: "Absolutely."
Rarity says: "It will look perfectly divine."
Starlight Glimmer says: "That's a whole lot of photos."
Starlight Glimmer says: "How do you usually organize them?"
Applejack says: "However you want me to organize them, Starlight."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Okay."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Tell me about this one."
Applejack says: "Sweet Apple Acres, twenty moons ago."
Applejack says: "Granny Smith was lookin' for her favorite pie tin."
Applejack says: "She looked in the kitchen, but it wasn't there."
Applejack says: "She looked in the barn, but it wasn't there."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Ugh."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I don't need every little detail."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Heh."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Just sum up the story in one sentence."
Applejack says: "Huh."
Applejack says: "Turns out Granny Smith didn't know how to make a pig do the backstroke."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Uh-huh..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Why don't you keep putting these photos in chronological order, and when I come back, you can give me more..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "highlights?"
Applejack says: "Sure thing, Starlight Glimmer."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Fluttershy, where are all the animals?"
Fluttershy says: "They ran away."
Starlight Glimmer says: "And why didn't you stop them?"
Fluttershy says: "Because you didn't ask me to."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Obviously I wanted you to..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Never mind."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Can you please round up all the animals in the castle and bring them back here to the foyer?"
Fluttershy says: "All the animals."
Fluttershy says: "Got it."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Did you find a place to chillax, Rainbow Dash?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Sure thing, Starlight Glimmer!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Great."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Let me know when it's ready."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yes, Starlight Glimmer."
Applejack says: "Granny Smith knew she was gonna need a bigger boat, so Goldie Delicious says, "If you can't say anythin' nice about anypony, come sit by me!"
Applejack says: "" Big Mac knew if he just covered himself in mud, the creature wouldn't be able to see him!"
Rarity says: "Starlight Glimmer."
Rarity says: "I have finished the dress."
Rarity says: "Isn't it gorgeous?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What is that?"
Rarity says: "You wanted me to make a dress exactly like the one in the book."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Go make a real dress out of fabric, exactly like the one in the book."
Rarity says: "Ah."
Rarity says: "I see."
Rarity says: "Yes, of course, Starlight Glimmer."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Rarity!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Make it bigger than the one in the book."
Rarity says: "Of course, darling."
Rarity says: "Bigger it is."
Applejack says: "She was just a pony standin' in front of another pony askin' him to love her."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Pinkie, what are you doing?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Following all of the instructions in the cookbook in order, Starlight Glimmer!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I meant just the one cake!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I was only gone a few minutes!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "How in Equestria did you get all of this done so fast?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Think the baking lesson is done."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, what now?"
Applejack says: "They can take our farm, but they can't take our freedom!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What's going on?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "I gathered all of the animals like you asked, Starlight Glimmer."
Rarity says: "Oh, yes, this will do nicely."
Rarity says: "A much bigger dress!"
Applejack says: "It was the best of apples, it was the worst of apples..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I can handle this."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's just magic, and I know magic."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What's that?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What did you say?"
Pinkie Pie says: "The cakes are burning."
Pinkie Pie says: "You left the ovens on."
Starlight Glimmer says: "We need water!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yes, Starlight Glimmer."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Storm clouds?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Applejack says: "Big Mac told me, "With a whole lot of power comes a heck of a lot of responsibility."
Starlight Glimmer says: "This can't get any worse!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What is going on?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Spike says: "I had no idea we had spiders in the castle!"
Spike says: "I'm never sleeping again!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Maybe if I had reversed the Fiducia Compelus and Cogeria..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Or maybe I added too much Persuadere..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What?"
Spike says: "You're really missing the point here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I finally untangled that mess of a spell and got everypony home."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It was really powerful stuff."
Twilight Sparkle says: "They're gonna feel that in the morning."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now please try to explain to me how in the name of Celestia things got this out of control."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, it was the first time I cast that particular spell, and I didn't fully think it through."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I-I bet if I had reversed—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think you might be missing the point here."
Spike says: "Told ya."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What made you think that casting a spell on your friends to do your bidding was even remotely a good idea?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, when you put it that way, it sounds really bad."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's because it is really bad!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Starlight, I'm not mad at you, but I am disappointed."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You've been doing so well."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just don't understand how a friendship lesson turned into all of this."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Ugh, fine!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I've been avoiding the friendship lessons on purpose."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I can cast complex spells, but baking a cake with Pinkie Pie freaks me out!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "And yes, I know how ridiculous that sounds."
Starlight Glimmer says: "That's why I didn't say anything."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I thought if I just kept wowing you with my magical abilities, you might just..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "not..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "notice?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Baking a cake freaks you out?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Yes!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Baking a cake, sewing – all of it!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What if I was bad at it?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I didn't want to be a disappointment to anypony, and I ended up being a disappointment to everypony."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Starlight, do you think anypony cares if you can bake a cake?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "But the lesson—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Was to get to know Pinkie Pie better by doing something she loves."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It was a friendship lesson, not a baking lesson."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You know, I think I might have missed the point here."
Spike says: "Told ya."
Starlight Glimmer says: "So now what?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now it's time for a pretty advanced friendship lesson."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's called apologizing."
Applejack says: "I don't know what kind of whammy Starlight put on us, but I feel like I got shoved through the Super Speedy Cider Squeezy 6000."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh, tell me about it."
Rarity says: "If everypony could speak in a whisper for the next few days, that would be delightful."
Rarity says: "My head is thumping..."
Rarity says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "I was up all night calming the animals down."
Rarity says: "Fluttershy, please!"
Rarity says: "Not so loud..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Starlight's spell made me burn perfectly good cake!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I never burn cake!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Yeah, about that..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Things got a little out of hand last night."
Applejack says: "Well, ain't that the understatement of the day."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hmph!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Tell it to the cake, sister!"
Rarity says: "Can we all please argue at a lower volume?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I really messed up."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I cast the spell because I was nervous about working with you on the friendship lessons."
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, here's a friendship lesson for ya—"
Rainbow Dash says: "don't cast spells on your friends!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Believe me, I know."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What I did was wrong, a-and I can't take it back."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You're right to be upset, and I hope one day I can make it up to you."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But all I can say is..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm sorry."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Now, if you'll excuse me, I've gotta go clean the castle covered in wet cake batter and spiders."
Rainbow Dash says: "That was a pretty good apology."
Fluttershy says: "Seems like she feels pretty bad."
Applejack says: "Hey, Starlight!"
Applejack says: "Most of the Apple family photos are still layin' around in the wreckage."
Applejack says: "I think I'll come along and hunt 'em down."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, and I feel awful for disturbing all of those cute little spiders and bats."
Fluttershy says: "I should check on them."
Rarity says: "Ah, yes, and I left some lovely fabric out."
Rarity says: "I should come and move it to that nice quiet library."
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, I'll come and get those storm clouds out of the bathroom."
Pinkie Pie says: "Fine!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Somepony has to bake a cake to honor all the poor cakes that sacrificed their batter in last night's tragedy!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It seems your apology went well."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm just lucky to have such understanding friends, but it's probably going to be a while before I try to tackle those friendship lessons again."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What do you mean?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You've been doing them all day."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What are you talking about?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I've been cleaning up the mess I made by totally failing at friendship."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Really?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But didn't I see you sewing with Rarity?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Yes, but—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And you and Applejack did a great job collecting those photos and putting them in the book."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Helping animals with Fluttershy, baking with Pinkie Pie – those sound like your assignments to me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "In fact, I think there's just one that you're missing."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Sun – check."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Chairs – check."
Starlight Glimmer says: "And thanks to a simple Catadupa Levitata spell, we've got water."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Is that everything we need to chillax?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Nope."
Starlight Glimmer says: "No?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What did I miss?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Quiet."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Ah!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Great job, Starlight."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Looks like you've completed another friendship lesson."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey!"
Rainbow Dash says: "She completes the lesson when I say she completes it."
Rainbow Dash says: "So less learning and more chillaxing!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "So..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "How long do we sit quietly?"