Students says: "Good morning, Miss Cheerilee!"
Cheerilee says: "Good morning, everypony!"
Cheerilee says: "I hope you brought your thinking caps, because today we're going to learn about physics!"
Scootaloo says: "Physics?"
Cheerilee says: "Mm-hmm!"
Cheerilee says: "Specifically, the use of force in energy conversions!"
Cheerilee says: "In this case, using mechanical work to convert potential energy into kinetic energy!"
Apple Bloom says: "The what now?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Um, Miss Cheerilee?"
Sweetie Belle says: "That sounds a bit over our heads."
Scootaloo says: "Yeah."
Scootaloo says: "Why would we even need to know that stuff?"
Cheerilee says: "Oh, it's very important."
Cheerilee says: "In fact, you'll most likely end up using it tomorrow."
Apple Bloom says: "Tomorrow?"
Apple Bloom says: "What for?"
Cheerilee says: "Why, for participating in the..."
Cheerilee says: "Applewood Derby!"
Snails says: "Oh, phew!"
Snails says: "For a second, I thought we were gonna have to, you know, learn stuff."
Scootaloo says: "We get to race in the Applewood Derby tomorrow?"
Scootaloo says: "That's so cool!"
Apple Bloom says: "My family's talked about it for years, and now I'm finally old enough to race!"
Cheerilee says: "Now hold on to your horseshoes, everypony."
Cheerilee says: "You've got a lot of work to do before you're ready to race."
Snips says: "Yeah, but..."
Snips says: "not schoolwork, right?"
Cheerilee says: "There'll be a block of applewood just like this one waiting for you at Sweet Apple Acres tomorrow, and you've got one day to turn it into a race-ready cart."
Scootaloo says: "Oh, yeah..."
Scootaloo says: "That is a lot of work."
Cheerilee says: "Mm-hmm."
Cheerilee says: "Luckily, you'll each get to pick an older pony to help you!"
Cheerilee says: "But choose wisely, because they'll also have to ride in the cart with you during the race."
Scootaloo says: "Hmmm..."
Scootaloo says: "I think I know just the pony to ask."
Sweetie Belle says: "Me too!"
Apple Bloom says: "Me three!"
Cheerilee says: "Just remember, everypony."
Cheerilee says: "Your cart has to be able to finish the race if you want to win one of the awards."
Cheerilee says: "Fastest – for winning the race, naturally."
Cheerilee says: "Most traditional – for the best working replica of an original Applewood cart."
Cheerilee says: "And most creative – for the cart with the best overall design."
Apple Bloom says: "Hoo-wee!"
Apple Bloom says: "Those ribbons are the bees' knees."
Students says: "Uh-huh..."
Cheerilee says: "All right then, class!"
Cheerilee says: "You've got a lot to learn if you want to build a race cart."
Snips says: "Aww..."
Snips says: "I knew there was gonna be a catch!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Wow!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Have you seen what the carts used to look like in the olden days?"
Apple Bloom says: "Yeah, I know all about them."
Apple Bloom says: "When Ponyville started the Derby, they decided to use the wood from our apple trees for the carts."
Apple Bloom says: "The race has been a part of Sweet Apple Acres ever since."
Sweetie Belle says: "I just think these old carts look so cool!"
Sweetie Belle says: "But I guess you and Applejack will probably win the award for the most traditional, huh?"
Apple Bloom says: "The Apples usually do, but honestly, I'd rather build the fastest cart there is and win the race!"
Apple Bloom says: "But..."
Apple Bloom says: "I'm pretty sure Scoot and Rainbow Dash'll take that award."
Scootaloo says: "You know, I race around so much on my scooter, being the fastest isn't such a big deal."
Scootaloo says: "Maybe I'll try to make the wildest looking cart I can think of!"
Apple Bloom says: "Really?"
Scootaloo says: "Sure!"
Scootaloo says: "If I win most creative, you can totally win the award for fastest!"
Sweetie Belle says: "And I can win the award for most traditional!"
Apple Bloom says: "Sounds like we're all gonna try somethin' different."
Apple Bloom says: "I can't wait to tell Applejack!"
Scootaloo says: "Let's get to it!"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "Go, Crusaders!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Are you kidding?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Of course I'll help with the Applewood Derby!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I want you to have as much fun as I did when I was a filly!"
Scootaloo says: "Wait, Cloudsdale has a derby too?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Sure!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Practically every town in Equestria has one!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I still remember racing my cloud cart..."
Young Rainbow Dash says: "This is so awesome!"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "Woo-hoooooo!"
Scootaloo says: "And lemme guess."
Scootaloo says: "You won fastest cart."
Rainbow Dash says: "Heh, obviously!"
Scootaloo says: "So what do you say?"
Scootaloo says: "Will you help me make my race cart?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Help you?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm all over it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I've got tons of ideas."
Scootaloo says: "Don't worry, I've got a lot of—"
Scootaloo says: "Whoa."
Scootaloo says: "Ideas of my own."
Scootaloo says: "Um..."
Scootaloo says: "What are you looking for?"
Rainbow Dash says: "The blueprint for my derby cart, of course!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'll have to change it a little, 'cause this race is on roads, not on clouds."
Rainbow Dash says: "But trust me, your cart is gonna be amazing!"
Scootaloo says: "Um, okay, Rainbow Dash, thanks!"
Scootaloo says: "How awesome is this?"
Scootaloo says: "With Dash on my team, how could anything go wrong?"
Applejack says: "Well, I'm mighty flattered you wanna work with your big sis on your cart."
Applejack says: "I mean, the Applewood Derby did—"
Apple Bloom says: "—"
Apple Bloom says: "start on our farm."
Apple Bloom says: "I know."
Applejack says: "Well, I couldn't be more proud to help my little sister take the prize for most traditional."
Apple Bloom says: "Actually, I was kinda thinking of somethin' else."
Apple Bloom says: "Like..."
Apple Bloom says: "fastest?"
Applejack says: "Fastest?"
Applejack says: "Apple Bloom, things aren't like they were in the old days."
Applejack says: "The fastest cart now has gotta be slick and modern and—"
Apple Bloom says: "Exactly!"
Applejack says: "Not Apple at all."
Applejack says: "The Apples win most traditional."
Applejack says: "We have since the Derby started!"
Applejack says: "Why would anypony want to win anythin' else?"
Applejack says: "Now why don't you head off and get some chamomile vines, some hickory sticks, and some apple barrels, and I'll show you what an Apple family cart should look like!"
Apple Bloom says: "I guess I do have a family tradition to uphold..."
Rarity says: "Of course I'll help!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Wow."
Sweetie Belle says: "Uh, Rarity, I didn't know you'd be this excited."
Rarity says: "Me?"
Rarity says: "Oh, why, I'm just itching to right an old wrong from long, long ago!"
Rarity says: "I designed my own cart when I was just a filly, and I was positive I was going to win the prize for most creative, hooves down!"
Rarity says: "But I came in second."
Rarity says: "Second!"
Sweetie Belle says: "You?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Second in most creative?"
Sweetie Belle says: "To whom?!"
Sweetie Belle says: "!"
Rarity says: "But I learned a valuable lesson."
Rarity says: "I learned to know my audience, and the race cart audience wants big!"
Rarity says: "They want bold!"
Rarity says: "Chop chop!"
Rarity says: "Everypony out!"
Rarity says: "We've got work to do!"
Rarity says: "This will take all of my considerable skills..."
Rarity says: "..."
Rarity says: "but I will fashion the biggest and boldest Derby cart to ever win the prize for most creative!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Actually, I was sorta thinking of something more..."
Sweetie Belle says: "traditional?"
Rarity says: "Oh!"
Rarity says: "Soon the prize for most creative will finally be in my hooves!"
Sweetie Belle says: "You mean my hooves."
Rarity says: "Yes, that's what I said – my hooves."
Rarity says: "Darling, I hope you're ready to get an early start tomorrow!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Uh..."
Sweetie Belle says: "how early?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Rarity, the sun's not even up yet."
Applejack says: "Oh, apples, quit complainin'!"
Applejack says: "In my day, we were up even earlier!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey, I'd get up in the middle of the night if it means my cart crosses that finish line first and wins fastest!"
Rarity says: "And my cart wins most creative!"
Applejack says: "And my cart wins most traditional!"
Applejack says: "Hoo-wee, it's gonna be a good day!"
Scootaloo says: "You mean our carts, right?"
Rarity says: "Yes, that's what we said, darling."
Applejack says: "Yup."
Rainbow Dash says: "Our carts."
Apple Bloom says: "Their carts?"
Apple Bloom says: "It almost sounds like they're planning on building them without us."
Sweetie Belle says: "I'm sure they meant "our" carts."
Sweetie Belle says: "Like, the team cart, right?"
Scootaloo says: "Of course!"
Scootaloo says: "I mean, they're all our older sisters."
Scootaloo says: "Practically."
Scootaloo says: "Plus, they've all done this before."
Scootaloo says: "I'm sure they know best."
Scootaloo says: "Let's just buckle down and get to work!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Scootaloo, where have you been?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I've only got 'til noon to make the fastest cart ever!"
Scootaloo says: "Uh, about that."
Scootaloo says: "I was really thinking of going for the most creative prize."
Scootaloo says: "I mean, I know all about speed already, so..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Exactly!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's all about speed!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You've gotta get across the finish line to win a prize, so we might as well get there first, right?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey, I left a bunch of paint cans by the road."
Rainbow Dash says: "Bring them up here, would ya?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Nothing as fun as painting racing stripes on the winning cart!"
Scootaloo says: "Right..."
Scootaloo says: "Fun..."
Apple Bloom says: "Spendin' time buildin' a cart with my big sister?"
Apple Bloom says: "Why, this is just tee-riffic!"
Apple Bloom says: "Um..."
Apple Bloom says: "how can I help?"
Applejack says: "You can feast your eyes on..."
Applejack says: "this!"
Applejack says: "I-I mean, it ain't quite finished yet."
Apple Bloom says: "Oh, good."
Applejack says: "But don't it have the makin's of the best cart you ever did see?"
Applejack says: "Uh..."
Applejack says: "is somethin' wrong, Apple Bloom?"
Apple Bloom says: "Actually, I was kinda thinkin' of somethin' a little more modern."
Apple Bloom says: "And less rickety."
Apple Bloom says: "With maybe a chance of winning?"
Applejack says: "Bless my hooves, I thought we covered this!"
Applejack says: "Tradition is all that counts!"
Applejack says: "And who knows tradition better than Apples?"
Applejack says: "Nopony, that's who!"
Applejack says: "So are you an Apple, or are you an Apple?"
Apple Bloom says: "I'm an Apple, but..."
Apple Bloom says: "what if I just take off this fringe?"
Applejack says: "No, not the fringe!"
Applejack says: "Ugh!"
Applejack says: "Why, shoot!"
Applejack says: "Now I've gotta start all over from scratch, and it's almost race time!"
Apple Bloom says: "Oh."
Apple Bloom says: "So, maybe we can redesign it then?"
Apple Bloom says: "Just a little."
Applejack says: "No time!"
Applejack says: "And who'd want to redesign somethin' that's already perfect?"
Apple Bloom says: "Right..."
Apple Bloom says: "Perfect..."
Sweetie Belle says: "Okay, so I sketched out some of my ideas."
Sweetie Belle says: "How about a nice yellow fringe on top?"
Rarity says: "the fringe is not exactly big!"
Rarity says: "And that yellow is the least bold color I can imagine!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Well, it doesn't have to be yellow."
Sweetie Belle says: "But I really do love the old-timey style."
Sweetie Belle says: "Like this."
Rarity says: "Sweetie Belle, precious face, "old-timey" is just another word for passé."
Rarity says: "Remember, big and bold!"
Rarity says: "I do have a reputation to uphold!"
Rarity says: "It was one thing to lose as a filly, but can you imagine if I didn't win the most creative now?"
Rarity says: "Ponies might stop buying my couture!"
Sweetie Belle says: "But we're supposed to be doing this together!"
Rarity says: "Yes, of course we are, darling."
Rarity says: "In fact, we just finished."
Rarity says: "Voila!"
Rarity says: "I know."
Rarity says: "You're speechless."
Rarity says: "Well, if that isn't big and bold, I don't know what is!"
Rarity says: "Isn't it wonderful?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Right..."
Sweetie Belle says: "Wonderful..."
Apple Bloom says: "Hey, Crusader..."
Apple Bloom says: "How's it goin'?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Rarity's definitely made the biggest, boldest cart anypony's ever seen."
Apple Bloom says: "Wow."
Apple Bloom says: "Well, Applejack's built somethin' so traditional, it's practically an antique."
Scootaloo says: "No matter what I say, there's no talking Rainbow Dash out of making the fastest cart in Equestria."
Sweetie Belle says: "Doesn't look like any of us ended up with what we wanted."
Apple Bloom says: "But..."
Apple Bloom says: "I'm sure our older sisters know what they're doin'."
Apple Bloom says: "Right?"
Scootaloo says: "Right..."
Sweetie Belle says: "Right."
Apple Bloom says: "And even if our carts aren't exactly what we had in mind, it'll still be fun to drive them to the finish line."
Sweetie Belle says: "Sure!"
Sweetie Belle says: "The race is the best part!"
Apple Bloom says: "Yeah!"
Apple Bloom says: "CMCs behind the wheels!"
Cheerilee says: "Derby racers to the starting line!"
Cheerilee says: "Derby racers to the starting line!"
Rainbow Dash says: "The race is about to start, Scootaloo!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You better shake a leg if you wanna ride in the winning cart!"
Rarity says: "You, too, Sweetie Belle."
Rarity says: "There's only one seat left aboard this creative masterpiece, and it's just for you."
Rarity says: "Woo-hoo!"
Applejack says: "Whoa, ponies!"
Applejack says: "Wait for me!"
Applejack says: "This traditional cart handles at the exact perfect pace – slow!"
Applejack says: "And I got the passenger seat all warmed up for ya, Apple Bloom!"
Apple Bloom says: "Passenger seat?!"
Apple Bloom says: "!"
Scootaloo says: "They're the only older ponies driving!"
Sweetie Belle says: "First they built the carts, now they're gonna drive them?!"
Sweetie Belle says: "!"
Apple Bloom says: "I know they were all excited to help, but I don't think they're really helping anymore."
Scootaloo says: "We better hurry if we wanna be a part of this race at all!"
Cheerilee says: "Um, aren't you all missing somepony?"
Applejack says: "They'll be along."
Cheerilee says: "And, uh,  usually the younger ponies drive the carts."
Rarity says: "Darling, do these look like usual carts to you?"
Cheerilee says: "Racers!"
Cheerilee says: "On your marks, get set, go!"
Apple Bloom says: "Can't we go any faster?!"
Apple Bloom says: "!"
Applejack says: "Faster?"
Applejack says: "Don't be silly."
Applejack says: "This is perfect!"
Ponies.
Go, go, go!
Applejack.
Check me out, racin' the Derby.
Check out my old-fashioned cart.
Rarity.
Check me out, racing the Derby.
In my original work of art.
Rainbow Dash.
Check me out, faster than ever.
There's nopony can catch me now.
Cutie Mark Crusaders.
Let me out, I'd do it over.
If I only knew how!
Ponies.
Giddyup, derby racers.
Giddyup, derby racers.
Giddyup, derby racers.
Go, go, go!
Rarity.
My cart's the most original.
Designed with imagination.
Applejack.
My cart's the most traditional.
Just plain, no complications.
Rainbow Dash.
Look at me, I am the ace.
Might as well give up the chase.
Cutie Mark Crusaders.
Wish we could stop this race.
Start again and do it our way.
Scootaloo says: "Having any fun yet?"
Apple Bloom says: "Nope!"
Apple Bloom says: "Maybe if we could go a little faster!"
Ponies.
Giddyup, derby racers.
Giddyup, derby racers.
Giddyup, derby racers.
Go, go, go!
Rarity.
Gotta get some attention.
If I want that ribbon.
Rainbow Dash.
Gotta push the limit further.
Blow away the competition.
Applejack.
Gotta coast on through.
Just relax, we're gonna cruise it.
Apple Bloom.
Guess I don't really care.
Since we're clearly gonna lose it.
Rarity.
See, everypony's watching.
Presentation is a glory.
Rainbow Dash.
Just passed you, even faster.
Speed is king, end of story.
Rarity.
Bigger, bolder down the track.
Applejack.
Love the view from the back of the pack.
Rainbow Dash.
Won't stop, we're on the attack.
Cutie Mark Crusaders.
Too late to take it all back!
Ponies.
Giddyup, derby racers.
Giddyup, derby racers.
Giddyup, derby racers.
Go, go—.
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "Look out!"
Rarity says: "Oh!"
Rarity says: "My beautiful swan cart is an ugly duckling!"
Applejack says: "And my old-time cart is a rootin' tootin' wreck!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It still counts as a win if I push my cart across, right?"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "They're not your carts!"
Applejack says: "Huh?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Huh?"
Rarity says: "Huh?"
Apple Bloom says: "We were supposed to design them!"
Scootaloo says: "And we were supposed to drive them!"
Sweetie Belle says: "The Derby was supposed to be for us, not the three of you!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Now you've ruined it for everypony!"
Rarity says: "Mmmh..."
Rarity says: "Yes, well, I suppose we might have gotten a teensy bit carried away..."
Applejack says: "But I thought you all wanted our help."
Apple Bloom says: "We did!"
Apple Bloom says: "We wanted your help to build our carts."
Apple Bloom says: "But we all ended up with carts that are what each of you wanted!"
Scootaloo says: "Mm-hmm."
Sweetie Belle says: "Mm-hmm."
Rainbow Dash says: "But why didn't you say anything?"
Scootaloo says: "You've all done the race before."
Scootaloo says: "I just figured you knew best!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Plus it's hard to speak up to older ponies."
Rarity says: "Oh, I certainly understand that."
Rarity says: "But you mustn't think older ponies automatically know best."
Rainbow Dash says: "And we probably could have done a better job of listening to you."
Applejack says: "Oof."
Applejack says: "I guess we owe all three of you an apology."
Apple Bloom says: "Maybe not just us."
Rainbow Dash says: "Um, how do you feel about a do-over?"
Cheerilee says: "I think that's a wonderful idea!"
Cheerilee says: "But maybe the older ponies should sit this one out."
Scootaloo says: "Thanks for helping us fix up our carts."
Scootaloo says: "Pretty creative, right?"
Apple Bloom says: "I know it's not traditional, but it sure looks fast, don't it?"
Rarity says: "You know, darling, I can't believe I'm saying this, but that yellow fringe is rather bold after all."
Sweetie Belle says: "Thanks, everypony."
Sweetie Belle says: "We couldn't have done it without you."
Applejack says: "Yup, I sure am glad Miss Cheerilee agreed to run the race over again."
Cheerilee says: "Well, it isn't every year I get to say this twice, but..."
Cheerilee says: "Derby racers to the starting line!"
Cheerilee says: "Derby racers to the starting line!"
Cheerilee says: "Racers!"
Cheerilee says: "On your marks, get set..."
Cheerilee says: "go!"
Rainbow Dash says: "And it's probably best keeping all the grown-ups on the sidelines."
Rainbow Dash says: "But..."
Rainbow Dash says: "what are we supposed to do now?"
Rarity says: "I think I have an idea."
Rarity says: "Ahhh!"
Rarity says: "Much better!"
Rarity says: "Honestly, I'm not sure why we wanted to race those carts in the first place."
Rainbow Dash says: "Seriously!"
Rainbow Dash says: "This is the most relaxed I've been all day."
Rainbow Dash says: "Go, Scootaloo, go!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Woo-woo-woo-woo!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uhh, I mean..."