Rainbow Dash says: "Congratulations, Silverstream!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You're officially the first non-Pegasus Wonderbolt!"
Silverstream says: "Really?!"
Silverstream says: "!"
Silverstream says: "That is such an honor!"
Silverstream says: "I don't know how to thank you, Professor Dash!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Easy!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You're kicking off our show right now!"
Rainbow Dash says: "So get up there and make me proud!"
Silverstream says: "Wait!"
Silverstream says: "I don't have my uniform!"
Ocellus says: "Silverstream!"
Ocellus says: "Somehow, I missed a class all year, and the final is today!"
Ocellus says: "If I don't pass, I can't graduate!"
Ocellus says: "Whoa."
Ocellus says: "That was weird."
Silverstream says: "And that's even weirder."
Smolder says: "Hmm?"
Smolder says: "Uh, this isn't mine!"
Gallus says: "Huh?"
Tree of Harmony says: "Good."
Tree of Harmony says: "You have all answered my summons."
Silverstream says: "Wait."
Silverstream says: "You mean this isn't my dream?"
Yona says: "Friends must be dreaming together!"
Gallus says: "More like a nightmare!"
Sandbar says: "I know, right?"
Sandbar says: "How do I pick just one?"
Sandbar says: "They all look so good!"
Smolder says: "That's your version of a bad dream?"
Ocellus says: "But why did you bring us here, Headmare Twilight?"
Tree of Harmony says: "I am not Twilight."
Tree of Harmony says: "I am merely the messenger."
Tree of Harmony says: "You all must hurry."
Tree of Harmony says: "The Tree of Harmony needs you."
Spike says: "Lookin' good."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I have horrible news!"
Spike says: "What's wrong?"
Spike says: "Is the Crystal Empire under attack again?!"
Spike says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We only have twenty highlighters!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And they're all orange!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "How will everycreature color-code their notes?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Spike says: "I'm pretty sure you're the only one that does that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Still, twenty isn't enough for the new school year!"
Spike says: "We got plenty of time to order more."
Spike says: "The friendship students won't be back until—"
Spike says: "Uh, now?"
Yona says: "Whoa, whoa, whoa!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, this is a surprise."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why are you all here so early?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Did I send out the wrong back-to-school date?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Smolder says: "Oh, we're not here for school."
Sandbar says: "Yeah."
Sandbar says: "We're back 'cause the Tree of Harmony called us here."
Gallus says: "Don't feel bad it didn't reach out to you."
Gallus says: "We kinda have a special connection with it after last year."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But the Tree couldn't have called you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's gone!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sombra destroyed it!"
Spike says: "Mmmmaybe next time, ease in with those truth bombs."
Sandbar says: "W-What about the Elements of Harmony?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Those are gone, too."
Ocellus says: "But doesn't that mean the Everfree Forest will take over Equestria?!"
Ocellus says: "!"
Spike says: "We've got that part under control, and Sombra won't be coming back, so..."
Spike says: "some good news, right?"
Silverstream says: "Can we see the Tree ourselves?"
Silverstream says: "Or what's left of it?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "As long as you promise to stick together."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Castle of the Two Sisters isn't the safest place, as you may remember."
Yona says: "Yona not scared of puckwudgies anymore!"
Yona says: "Friends save whole school from evil Pegasus!"
Spike says: "She does have a point."
Ocellus says: "Yes!"
Gallus says: "How could this happen?!"
Gallus says: "!"
Ocellus says: "If only we hadn't gone home for summer break."
Ocellus says: "Maybe we could've saved the Tree."
Smolder says: "I wish that Sombra guy was still around, so we could teach him a lesson!"
Yona says: "That not bring back Tree."
Yona says: "Or Elements of Harmony."
Silverstream says: "Wait!"
Silverstream says: "We all saw and heard the Tree in our dream, right?"
Silverstream says: "How could it talk to us if it was really gone?"
Silverstream says: "Maybe if we close our eyes and think really strong friendship thoughts, the Tree will get better!"
Smolder says: "Eh, I've heard worse suggestions."
Sandbar says: "Is it working?"
Yona says: "No."
Ocellus says: "I guess the Tree really is gone."
Gallus says: "Then we need to do something to honor it!"
Smolder says: "Ah, good idea, Gallus!"
Sandbar says: "Hey, maybe that's why the Tree called us!"
Sandbar says: "It must've used the last of its magic to make sure we'd come here and keep its memory alive!"
Ocellus says: "It did say it needed us."
Thorax says: "Ocellus!"
Thorax says: "There you are!"
Thorax says: "The hive has been worried sick!"
Thorax says: "Why did you leave without telling us?"
Thorax says: "The last time you and your friends did that, it almost brought our kingdoms to war!"
Ocellus says: "Uh, sorry, Thorax!"
Ocellus says: "It was an emergency!"
Thorax says: "Well, next time, ask before you run off."
Thorax says: "Now, come on."
Thorax says: "Let's go home."
Smolder says: "Wait!"
Smolder says: "She can't leave!"
Smolder says: "We have a..."
Smolder says: "dragon quest!"
Thorax says: "But she's not a dragon."
Thorax says: "You know what I mean."
Yona says: "This quest for all Yona friends!"
Yona says: "Need to help Tree!"
Sandbar says: "And it might take a while."
Silverstream says: "Can we stay, Headmare Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, as long as you get permission from your kingdoms, I suppose it's all right."
Gallus says: "You want that permission in triplicate, or is one enough?"
Gallus says: "What?"
Gallus says: "I like to be prepared."
Smolder says: "Yah!"
Sandbar says: "Hey, you're back!"
Sandbar says: "Great!"
Sandbar says: "Since I live locally, I figured I'd do a little cleaning up while you were gone."
Sandbar says: "Give us a head start, you know?"
Gallus says: "Sandbar, where's the Tree?"
Sandbar says: "I got rid of it, to make room for a memorial."
Smolder says: "You did this?!"
Smolder says: "!"
Sandbar says: "Uh, yeah."
Sandbar says: "That's what you guys were thinking, right?"
Silverstream says: "So not."
Ocellus says: "How can we remember the Tree if it's totally gone?!"
Ocellus says: "!"
Sandbar says: "Oh, it's not gone."
Sandbar says: "Look!"
Sandbar says: "I planted a new tree."
Ocellus says: "Sandbar, you know that's not the same tree, right?"
Sandbar says: "But it's a symbol, y'know?"
Yona says: "Pony heart in right place."
Gallus says: "That doesn't matter!"
Gallus says: "This cave was supposed to stay exactly the same so that future creatures could come visit and experience the memory of the Tree!"
Sandbar says: "Sorry, everycreature."
Sandbar says: "I thought I was helping."
Smolder says: "The Tree of Harmony is a huge part of Equestrian history."
Smolder says: "If we're gonna honor it, we need to do better than that."
Silverstream says: "Yeah!"
Silverstream says: "Like with lots of artwork that represents the symbolism and deep emotions of the Tree!"
Gallus says: "No!"
Gallus says: "It should be a museum with all the Tree's history and artifacts."
Smolder says: "Or a really big and imposing monument, so everycreature knows how powerful the Tree was!"
Ocellus says: "I think we should turn this cave into a place for creatures to reflect on the Tree's true gift – the Elements of Harmony."
Smolder says: "Boring."
Silverstream says: "I like my idea better."
Sandbar says: "What's more perfect than another tree?!"
Sandbar says: "!"
Ocellus says: "What would Headmare Twilight want?"
Gallus says: "Yona!"
Gallus says: "You've been awfully quiet."
Gallus says: "Which idea do you like best?"
Yona says: "Yona like when friends not argue."
Yona says: "M-Maybe friends listen to each other and..."
Yona says: "make plan together?"
Rest of Young Six says: "Naaaah."
Sandbar says: "Hey, little guy."
Sandbar says: "Need a drink?"
Gallus says: "Step right up!"
Gallus says: "Walk this way!"
Gallus says: "Welcome to the one, the only, magical Tree of Harmony Museum!"
Gallus says: "Come, see the birthplace of the Tree!"
Gallus says: "Grown from the tears of a basilisk and tended day and night by pony magicians!"
Gallus says: "This is truly one of the wonders of Equestria!"
Yona says: "Uh, Gallus?"
Yona says: "None of that actually true."
Gallus says: "So?"
Gallus says: "Honoring the Tree means giving it a story that creatures will care about."
Sandbar says: "It already has a great story!"
Gallus says: "Yeah, but mine makes more sense."
Sandbar says: "Whatever."
Sandbar says: "Can you just keep it down?"
Sandbar says: "My sapling doesn't like the noise."
Gallus says: "Good!"
Gallus says: "It doesn't belong in the Tree's memorial anyway."
Gallus says: "And if you think this is great, just wait until you see the mystical Cave of Harmony!"
Yona says: "What dragon doing?"
Smolder says: "Making a memorial statue of the Tree."
Smolder says: "When creatures see this, they'll be super impressed!"
Yona says: "Uh, look like rock, not tree."
Smolder says: "I'm not finished yet!"
Smolder says: "And, honestly, I'm kinda having a hard time remembering what the Tree looked like."
Smolder says: "I can't believe I'm already forgetting."
Silverstream says: "Hmmm..."
Silverstream says: "Needs more loyalty."
Silverstream says: "Careful, Yona!"
Silverstream says: "It's not dry yet."
Yona says: "What hippogriff painting?"
Silverstream says: "It's the Tree, silly!"
Silverstream says: "See?"
Silverstream says: "These are the emotions its loss made me feel, dancing with the representations of Elements of Harmony!"
Silverstream says: "Maybe I should label it."
Ocellus says: "Oops!"
Ocellus says: "Sorry!"
Silverstream says: "Oh, no!"
Silverstream says: "Brown isn't an Element of Harmony!"
Ocellus says: "Thanks, Yona!"
Ocellus says: "This fountain is heavier than I thought."
Ocellus says: "It's for creatures to look at as they honor the Tree's memory in quiet thought and contemplation."
Ocellus says: "I got some help and guidance from the counselor at our feelings forum back home."
Ocellus says: "Only positive energy will bloom here."
Gallus says: "Wait!"
Gallus says: "You can't go yet!"
Gallus says: "There's a whole puppet show of the time the Tree tested us in the catacombs under the School of Friendship!"
Gallus says: "Hey, stop!"
Gallus says: "You can't bring that hunk of junk into my museum!"
Smolder says: "It's not for your museum."
Smolder says: "It's for my tree memorial."
Gallus says: "So leave it outside!"
Smolder says: "It belongs in here!"
Gallus says: "Uh-oh."
Silverstream says: "What did you do?!"
Silverstream says: "!"
Ocellus says: "My meditation garden is ruined!"
Ocellus says: "Why couldn't you've been more careful?!"
Ocellus says: "!"
Gallus says: "This never would have happened if you had all just listened to me!"
Sandbar says: "And made the Tree some kind of roadside attraction?!"
Sandbar says: "!"
Sandbar says: "Uh, no thanks!"
Silverstream says: "Headmare Twilight is gonna be so mad when she sees what you guys did to the Cave of Harmony!"
Smolder says: "Yeah, like some rainbow art project was better?"
Sandbar says: "Not cool!"
Silverstream says: "It's impressionism!"
Ocellus says: "I'm just glad the Tree isn't here to see this."
Smolder says: "This is all your fault!"
Gallus says: "I give up!"
Yona says: "Friends doing this the wrong way."
Yona says: "All remembering Tree of Harmony for what Tree was, not what Tree is!"
Smolder says: "You mean 'gone'?"
Yona says: "No!"
Yona says: "Yona mean even though Tree not here here, Tree here."
Yona says: "In hearts."
Yona says: "Tree made friendship even closer."
Ocellus says: "That's right!"
Ocellus says: "We ran away to be together right above this spot!"
Ocellus says: "The Castle of the Two Sisters!"
Sandbar says: "And later on, the Tree tested us to show us we're stronger as a team!"
Smolder says: "It did call us all here."
Silverstream says: "You mean the Tree of Harmony lives on in our friendship!"
Gallus says: "Wow."
Gallus says: "I can't believe we just got schooled by a yak."
Yona says: "Yaks know things not forever."
Yona says: "That's why smash and rebuild."
Ocellus says: "I think we took care of the smashing part."
Gallus says: "Then maybe we should start building."
Gallus says: "Together?"
Smolder says: "Just one problem."
Smolder says: "We still haven't decided what we should do for the Tree."
Yona says: "Yona have idea."
Ocellus says: "The Tree!"
Ocellus says: "Where did you find it?!"
Ocellus says: "!"
Sandbar says: "Oh, I didn't move it too far."
Sandbar says: "It was kinda heavy."
Gallus says: "And you're just mentioning this now?"
Yona says: "What important is that Yona bring back branches so friends can rebuild!"
Smolder says: "Rebuild what, exactly?"
Silverstream says: "Ooh-ooh-ooh, I know!"
Silverstream says: "Something that represents what the Tree is!"
Silverstream says: "The gateway to our friendship!"
Yona says: "Yes!"
Yona says: "What ponies call it?"
Yona says: "Club..."
Yona says: "home?"
Gallus says: "A treehouse!"
Ocellus says: "That's a great idea!"
Smolder says: "I know the Tree would've liked that!"
Yona says: "Uh-huh!"
Sandbar says: "Help me lift this piece!"
Silverstream.
We celebrate our friendship.
Ocellus.
We celebrate the tree.
Sandbar.
The memories inside us.
Young Six.
We'll build for all to see.
Smolder.
The tree brought us together.
Ocellus, Silverstream, and Gallus.
Brought us together.
Smolder.
And even though it's gone.
Ocellus, Silverstream, and Gallus.
Even though it's gone.
Gallus.
Our monument of friendship.
Rest of Young Six.
Of friendship.
Young Six.
Can make the gift live on.
Ocellus.
A piece from me, a piece from you.
Silverstream.
We'll use the tree and we'll make do.
Gallus.
If things don't fit, there's lots of glue.
Young Six.
Friends don't quit in the end.
And together, we'll see this through.
Smolder.
It's hard to say farewell.
Sandbar.
To something you hold dear.
Silversteam, Sandbar, and Ocellus.
But goodbye isn't forever.
Young Six.
As long as we are here.
The tree is in our memory ahh-ahh-ahh.
Its roots have grown deep in our hearts.
Deep in our hearts, deep in our hearts.
Its branches raise our spirits, together we're all bound.
Forever it stands, lost but now it's found.
Smolder.
So lift a beam and build it strong.
Silverstream.
Work as a team, it won't take long.
Yona.
Hey, Silverstream, I think that's wrong.
Silverstream, Gallus, and Yona.
We'll live the dream and sing our song.
Young Six.
And make the tree something all can see.
In a place where we belong!
Sandbar says: "Well?"
Sandbar says: "What do you think?"
Ocellus says: "It's, uh..."
Ocellus says: "kinda messy..."
Smolder says: "Yeah..."
Smolder says: "like a bunch of different parts all smushed together."
Silverstream says: "Oh, it's just like us!"
Yona says: "Yona think it perfect!"
Gallus says: "Let's give it a try."
Sandbar says: "Whoa!"
Sandbar says: "What's happening?!"
Sandbar says: "!"
Ocellus says: "It looks like magic!"
Smolder says: "Everycreature out!"
Young Six says: "Whoa!"
Gallus says: "How did that happen?"
Tree of Harmony says: "Because of you."
Tree of Harmony says: "The spirit of the Treehouse would have perished without your selfless deeds and caring."
Tree of Harmony says: "Whenever you seek solace, come here."
Tree of Harmony says: "Your friendship, and the friendship of future generations, will always be safe within these walls."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I felt a burst of magic all the way over at the school!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Is everycreature okay?"
Silverstream says: "A little confused, but definitely okay!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Where did this come from?"
Smolder says: "We were kinda gonna ask you the same thing."
Spike says: "It looks like part of the Tree of Harmony."
Spike says: "But how?"
Spike says: "I thought it was destroyed!"
Ocellus says: "It was."
Ocellus says: "But when we used the broken parts to build something new, this happened."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Tree has always been good at surprises."
Twilight Sparkle says: "When Star Swirl planted the Tree's seed, he didn't even know what it would grow into."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I guess the Tree is still alive, changing and adapting to be whatever Equestria needs."
Gallus says: "A cool place to hang out?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Something tells me this is more than that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It seems the Elements of Harmony may still be with us in their own way."
Spike says: "That's actually really reassuring."
Silverstream says: "But why did the Tree need our help to become something new?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm not sure."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If I had to guess, I'd say your friendship is more powerful than you know."
Yona says: "Oh, Yona know."
Yona says: "Yona just need to remind friends."
Spike says: "So, who's gonna give us the tour?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why don't we all go in together?"