Twilight Sparkle says: "Woo-hoo-hoo!"
Spike says: "Whoa!"
Spike says: "Ta-da!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now let's try a flip."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Remember – two flaps, then straight up!"
Spike says: "Got it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're doing great, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now let's see the big finish!"
Spike says: "Whoa-oa-oa-oa!"
Spike says: "I don't know about "big", but I am definitely finished."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe I should get Rainbow Dash."
Twilight Sparkle says: "She's the one who taught me advanced flying techniques."
Spike says: "No, thanks."
Spike says: "If I'm gonna mess up, I'd rather do it in front of you."
Spike says: "I just don't understand why none of your advice is helping."
Smolder says: "Because she's teaching you to fly like a pony instead of a dragon."
Spike says: "What's the difference?"
Smolder says: "Well, we don't have feathers, for starters."
Spike says: "Ye-he-he-hes!"
Spike says: "Wow!"
Spike says: "Thank you so much!"
Spike says: "How did you know I just needed to bend my wings?"
Smolder says: "Honestly, this is Dragon 101."
Smolder says: "Usually dragon parents teach this stuff."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike, I've been thinking about our flying lesson."
Spike says: "Uh-huh..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't believe I overlooked something as simple as feathers."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's no wonder you were having trouble."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I wish I had more "dragonish" knowledge to give you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Do you think being raised by ponies has affected you in other ways?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike?"
Spike says: "Did you say something, Twilight?"
Spike says: "Sorry."
Spike says: "I'm just finishing up this "thank-you" throw pillow for Smolder."
Spike says: "And you know how I get when I'm in the embroidery zone."
Spike says: "It's a pillow!"
Spike says: "But not for your head."
Spike says: "Although it could be."
Spike says: "It's a throw pillow."
Spike says: "They're more casual."
Spike says: "You can use 'em anywhere."
Spike says: "You don't like it."
Smolder says: "Uh, it's not that."
Smolder says: "It's just dragons don't really use pillows."
Smolder says: "At all."
Spike says: "What?"
Smolder says: "Hey, what's that?"
Spike says: "I don't know."
Spike says: "But it's..."
Spike says: "heading right for us!"
Spike says: "Okay."
Spike says: "Now I really owe you for the lesson."
Spike says: "You all right?"
Smolder says: "Yeah."
Smolder says: "What happened?"
Sludge says: "To what?"
Sludge says: "Oh."
Sludge says: "I don't need to explain myself to a couple of baby dragons."
Sludge says: "Ow..."
Spike says: "Maybe not."
Spike says: "But you're hurt and need help."
Spike says: "So I'm taking you to Twilight's castle whether you like it or not?"
Sludge says: "Castle, eh?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm glad Spike brought you here, Sludge."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I understand you made quite the impression in town."
Pinkie Pie says: "Literally!"
Pinkie Pie says: "There's a hole and everything!"
Sludge says: "Well, I hope you're not expecting me to fix it."
Applejack says: "It doesn't look like you're in much shape to do anything."
Sludge says: "I'll manage."
Sludge says: "Dragons take care of themselves."
Sludge says: "I don't need help from a bunch of castle-livin' ponies."
Rarity says: "Darling, do be careful."
Sludge says: "I'm..."
Sludge says: "..."
Sludge says: "fine."
Fluttershy says: "I can't watch!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You're not the first stubborn dragon we've met, you know?"
Spike says: "And sometimes, even dragons need help."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I promise."
Twilight Sparkle says: "My friends and I will only do enough to get you back on your claws."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know you had your reservations, but it's good to see you feeling better."
Sludge says: "T-Thanks, I guess."
Rarity says: "That's what friends are for, darling."
Sludge says: "You're pretty lucky to have friends like these, kid."
Spike says: "Actually, I was orphaned as an egg, and Twilight raised me."
Spike says: "So these ponies are more than my friends."
Spike says: "They're my family."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We try our best, but sometimes I worry that maybe Spike is..."
Spike says: "Missing something deep down and dragonish."
Sludge says: "Really?"
Sludge says: "Wow."
Sludge says: "I-I can't tell you how glad I am to hear that."
Applejack says: "Why in Equestria would you be glad to hear that?"
Sludge says: "I wasn't gonna say anything since your life seemed so perfect, but I have a confession to make."
Sludge says: "Coming to Ponyville wasn't an accident."
Sludge says: "I was looking for you."
Sludge says: "Spike..."
Sludge says: "I'm your father."
Pinkie Pie says: "Sorry."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So you crashed in Ponyville on purpose?"
Sludge says: "Well, the crash part wasn't on purpose, but heading here was."
Sludge says: "I've been searching everywhere for you, kid."
Spike says: "Did you ask in the Crystal Empire?"
Spike says: "I'm kind of well-known there."
Pinkie Pie says: "Actually, Spike's well-known everywhere."
Pinkie Pie says: "Not a lot of dragons were hatched by the Princess of Friendship."
Applejack says: "Mm-hmm."
Sludge says: "You make it sound so simple."
Sludge says: "I wish you'd been there to help me search."
Spike says: "I can't believe it."
Spike says: "I have so many questions."
Sludge says: "Well, ask away."
Sludge says: "Answering questions is what dads are for."
Spike says: "I guess my biggest question is simple."
Spike says: "Why was I an orphaned egg?"
Sludge says: "Your mother was the best dragon I'd ever met."
Sludge says: "The Dragon Lord even picked her to scout for the Great Migration, and-and even though she just laid your egg, we knew she'd have to go."
Sludge says: "But finding the Migration route could take a lifetime, and you deserved a chance to know your mother."
Sludge says: "So I went looking for you, carrying your egg to places no dragon or pony has ever been."
Sludge says: "Past Mount Aris, the abandoned home of the Hippogriffs..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Did you visit Klugetown?"
Sludge says: "You've been to Klugetown?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Also, the Hippogriffs returned to Mount Aris after we helped them defeat the Storm King."
Sludge says: "Oh, well, have you heard of the Land of the..."
Sludge says: "Scale Collectors?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh-uh."
Sludge says: "Because that's where your mother's trail finally led."
Sludge says: "To a prison world of dragon hunters, where I was forced to choose between surrendering myself or surrendering your egg."
Sludge says: "Of course, there was no way I was gonna sacrifice my boy."
Sludge says: "So they took me instead, and that's where I'd been ever since."
Sludge says: "Locked up somewhere not even the Princess of Friendship has heard of."
Spike says: "Whoa..."
Spike says: "How did you know I was a boy?"
Fluttershy says: "Whatever happened to Spike's mom?"
Rainbow Dash says: "And how did the egg make it all the way back to Equestria by itself?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hmm?"
Sludge says: "I wish I had all the answers."
Spike says: "Well, that's all in the past."
Spike says: "The only thing that matters now is that we're together."
Spike says: "And I'm gonna make up for lost time."
Spike says: "I hope you don't mind, but I have a list of all the things I always wanted to do with my dad?"
Sludge says: "Mind?"
Sludge says: "Spike, my boy, with you by my side, I feel like we could do anything."
Sludge says: "What do you want to do first?"
Spike says: "Well, I've kind of been working on a list for a long time."
Sludge says: "Dude, you want to do all of this?"
Spike says: "Oh."
Spike says: "I mean, w-we don't have to."
Sludge says: "If you think doing everything on this incredibly long list is gonna fill the hole where your dragonishness should be, then that is exactly what we're gonna do!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Woo-hoo!"
Spike says: "Oh, yeah!"
Spike says: "I can't believe we got so many things done."
Spike says: "But this is all my stuff."
Spike says: "Is there anything you always wanted to do with me?"
Sludge says: "Not really."
Sludge says: "Uhhh, I mean, uh, I'm happy to do whatever you want."
Sludge says: "But if I had a castle like this with all this stuff, I'd probably just lay around all day doing nothing like a real dragon."
Spike says: "Like a real dragon?"
Sludge says: "Sure!"
Sludge says: "I'm not surprised you don't know any better."
Sludge says: "Twilight basically raised you as a pony."
Sludge says: "You're barely a dragon at all."
Spike says: "Huh?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hey, Spike!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "How are things going with Sludge?"
Spike says: "Honestly, I thought having him around would make me feel more dragonish."
Spike says: "But I kind of feel less."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, I'm sorry."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I wish I could help."
Sludge says: "Awww, shucks."
Sludge says: "I guess I shouldn't have said anything about you being more pony than dragon."
Sludge says: "I just wish we had more in common."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe you two can come up with ways to turn up Spike's, uh, dragonishness."
Spike says: "You think that's something we can do?"
Sludge says: "You know what, son?"
Sludge says: "I think it is!"
Sludge says: "Spike, I'm gonna teach you a thing or two about being a dragon."
Sludge says: "So, listen up, my boy, because I'm only gonna say this once."
Look at this castle where you live.
Spike says: "It's pretty sweet, right?"
Sludge.
You can't be a dragon here.
Spike says: "Uh, I can't?"
Sludge.
Look at these books up on the wall.
Spike says: "Hey, I just finished organizing those!"
Sludge.
This treasure pile's not right, I fear.
Trust me, I got you covered here. You see all this soft pony stuff you're surrounded with? This has got to be the first thing to go.
Nothin' 'bout this place says "dragon den", there's too much fluff.
All these fancy robes, toss in a pile.
Take those goblets, dishes, is that gold? Still not enough!
De-ponifying might just take a while.
Sure, this place is grandiose.
But to a dragon, it's just gross.
Time we make the lot all disappear.
Reality you need a dose.
To all these ponies, you're too close.
You just can't be a dragon here.
Good job, my boy! But this is still just the beginning!
Each and every dragon has a swagger all his own.
Watch and I'll show you what I mean.
You can't move like this with so much stuff to weigh you down.
A dragon always keeps it lean.
Lose this! This! Ooh, this is nice!
Your life is soft, your scales are coiffed.
These pillows, beds, and sheets are washed.
A delight, but it's just not right what's underneath.
Every dragon must be free.
Look at you, then look at me.
Since when do dragons brush their teeth?
Ha! Please!
Sure, this place is grandiose.
But to a dragon, it's just gross.
Time we make the lot all disappear.
Spike says: "What do I do?"
Sludge.
Just grab it all and give to me.
After that, then you'll be free.
You just can't be a dragon heeeeere!
Spike says: "Ha!"
Spike says: "You're right!"
Spike says: "I feel better already!"
Sludge says: "See?"
Sludge says: "What did I tell you?"
Sludge says: "You're very lucky that I found you."
Sludge says: "Now, go get me some more."
Spike says: "You got it!"
Spike says: "I'm gonna go get you all the cushy pony stuff I've got..."
Spike says: "Dad."
Sludge says: "Great!"
Sludge says: "Go get 'em..."
Sludge says: "son!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just thought I'd check to see if you and Sludge had any luck turning up your dragonishness."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's hard not to feel like somehow I let you down all these years."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm so sorry!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I didn't mean to barge in on ya!"
Sludge says: "Ah, don't worry about it."
Sludge says: "Mi castle es su castle."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, I'll just get out of your way."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm so sorry."
Twilight Sparkle says: "My morning is not going well."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What is all this?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why'd you leave the castle so early?"
Spike says: "I didn't leave."
Spike says: "I spent the night outdoors to get in touch with my dragon side."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Outdoors?"
Spike says: "Yeah!"
Spike says: "And Sludge asked me to bring him the best breakfast Ponyville has to offer so he can show me how a real dragon would eat it."
Spike says: "See you later!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And that's why I thought we could use the map to—"
Spike says: "Hey, gang!"
Spike says: "Dad was just showing me how a real dragon would act in a throne room."
Sludge says: "Dragons like to sprawl when they get their claws done."
Sludge says: "Now, if you'll all excuse me, it's time for my bath."
Spike says: "Isn't he the best?"
Rarity says: "I'm not sure that's exactly the word I would use."
Sludge says: "Uh, Spike?"
Sludge says: "The bath isn't gonna fill itself, son."
Spike says: "Be right there..."
Spike says: "Dad."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm glad you're not spending the night outside again."
Spike says: "Oh, I am."
Spike says: "I'm just looking for a good bedtime story to read to my dad first."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's nice that you have somepony to show you dragon culture."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But are you sure that's what Sludge is doing?"
Spike says: "What do you mean?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, taking over your room, making a mess of things..."
Spike says: "That is dragon culture."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You never acted like that."
Spike says: "That's because you raised me."
Spike says: "Now I finally have a chance to see how I'm supposed to be."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't think you're supposed to be any different than who you are."
Spike says: "Maybe you just don't like that I have a real parent now."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's not true!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm glad Sludge is here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I-I just wish he wasn't such a—"
Spike says: "Dragon?"
Spike says: "Of all ponies, I can't believe you would have a problem with that."
Smolder says: "What happened to you?"
Spike says: "Just sleeping outside like we're meant to."
Spike says: "It's not like dragons are supposed to live in castles."
Smolder says: "I..."
Smolder says: "guess not."
Smolder says: "But I live in the school."
Smolder says: "Nothing says we have to live outside."
Spike says: "I'm so confused."
Spike says: "It's been great having Sludge show me how to be a real dragon, but Twilight just doesn't get it."
Smolder says: "What do you mean?"
Spike says: "She can't handle how good at being a dragon Sludge is."
Spike says: "Maybe someday, I'll be able to lay around doing nothing as well as he does."
Smolder says: "What?"
Spike says: "Well, not now, of course."
Spike says: "I'm too busy bringing him pony stuff so he can show me what a dragon would do with it."
Smolder says: "So, Sludge just lays around while you wait on him claw and tail?"
Smolder says: "Uh, dragons are rude and rebellious, but they aren't lazy lumps who take advantage of their kids."
Spike says: "Huh."
Spike says: "Now I'm really confused."
Smolder says: "Me, too."
Smolder says: "Why don't you tell me everything Sludge said about being a dragon?"
Sludge says: "Hey!"
Sludge says: "What's going on, son?"
Spike says: "Twilight doesn't like having real dragons in the castle, so I told her we're moving out."
Sludge says: "You what?!"
Sludge says: "!"
Smolder says: "Spike!"
Smolder says: "I found the perfect cave where you two can live!"
Smolder says: "There aren't even any comfortable rocks inside!"
Spike says: "That does sound perfect!"
Sludge says: "No, it doesn't!"
Sludge says: "I-I-I mean, uh, I'm not sure I fully demonstrated all the ways a dragon would live here."
Spike says: "But we're not gonna live here anymore, so it doesn't matter."
Sludge says: "It matters to me!"
Sludge says: "I want to make sure you have all the knowledge you need."
Spike says: "But I do."
Spike says: "Dad, you've already shared so much."
Just take that silk robe off.
We can't be dragons living here.
Sludge says: "Stop!"
Sludge says: "I'm not your father!"
Spike says: "What?"
Sludge says: "I just said that to get in on this sweet castle life."
Spike says: "So..."
Spike says: "you..."
Spike says: "pretended to be my dad?"
Sludge says: "Now-now-now-now-now, don't look at me like that, kid."
Sludge says: "I did what any dragon would do."
Smolder says: "No."
Smolder says: "You didn't."
Sludge says: "Hey."
Sludge says: "I saw an opportunity, and I took it."
Sludge says: "That's what dragons do."
Smolder says: "No."
Smolder says: "It isn't."
Sludge says: "You know what?"
Sludge says: "I don't need this."
Sludge says: "I'm out of here!"
Sludge says: "Enjoy lovin' pony town!"
Sludge says: "I'm taking this pillow."
Spike says: "I can't believe I thought somepony like that could show me how to be anything."
Smolder says: "Uh..."
Smolder says: "it must be hard growing up not really knowing who you are."
Spike says: "That's the thing."
Spike says: "I know exactly who I am."
Spike says: "And how I got that way."
Spike says: "Um, Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hi."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Where's your father?"
Spike says: "He's gone."
Spike says: "Turns out he wasn't what a real dragon should be after all."
Spike says: "He also wasn't my real dad."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm so sorry."
Spike says: "I'm the one who's sorry."
Spike says: "You were just worried about me, and I lost my temper."
Spike says: "Sludge was just a great big phony."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I have to say, I'm not surprised."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There's no way a dragon like that was related to you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But if you still want to search for your real family, I'd understand if you spent more time in the Dragon Lands."
Spike says: "I don't think so."
Spike says: "I already know who my real family is."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Aww!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's me, right?"
Spike says: "Mm-hmm!"
Spike says: "Besides, there's no way I'm living without pillows."