Previously on My Little Pony.
Spike says: "Starlight Glimmer?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I was sure I saw her, Spike!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Welcome home, Twilight!"
Spike says: "We traveled back in time to when Rainbow Dash performed her first sonic rainboom?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Without the rainboom, you and your friends will never form your special cutie mark bond!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But whatever Starlight did in the past changed things here!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't want to live in that awful future we saw!"
Spike says: "I don't think you'll have to."
Fluttershy says: "All servants of Queen Chrysalis found in these woods must be..."
Fluttershy says: "destroyed!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wait!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're not changelings!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm a pony!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And he's a dragon!"
Pinkie Pie says: "A likely story!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Do something dragonish!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That works!"
Fluttershy says: "The servants of Chrysalis will do anything to save their evil skins!"
Zecora says: "Stop!"
Zecora says: "If they are changelings we'll soon see."
Zecora says: "Though I think they're not what they appear to be."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Zecora!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Please, you have to listen."
Zecora says: "Beneath this salve, no changeling hides, for it reveals the truth inside."
Pinkie Pie says: "What does it mean?"
Zecora says: "The meaning is far worse, I see, for it is we who should not be."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think I can explain."
Zecora says: "I'm sure you can, but let's not talk here."
Zecora says: "Chrysalis and her army will soon draw near!"
Zecora says: "The changelings took over not long ago."
Zecora says: "Though I'll wager in your world that isn't so."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Chrysalis and her army tried to take over Canterlot, but my friends and I stopped her."
Zecora says: "Those friends as you know them are not here, alas."
Zecora says: "But tell me how all this came to pass."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Starlight Glimmer, a pony who traveled back in time to stop my friends and me from ever coming together!"
Zecora says: "And it is these friends you have in life that keep Equestria free from strife?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I guess so."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But this is the second time I've come back and this world is even worse than the last one!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "If Starlight keeps doing the same thing in the past, how could the present be so different?"
Zecora says: "Ah."
Zecora says: "Time is a river, where even the tiniest changes seen can lead to a cascade of effects downstream."
Zecora says: "This part of the forest is dark and damp, but it's done well to hide our camp."
Spike says: "This is cozy."
Rarity says: "Please!"
Rarity says: "You have to help us!"
Rainbow Dash says: "The changelings attacked Ponyville!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We barely escaped with our lives!"
Zecora says: "The only changeling attack I see is the one that come here looking for me!"
Applejack says: "It's taken quite a while to find you, Zecora."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Oh, come now, Zecora."
Queen Chrysalis says: "You're vastly outnumbered."
Queen Chrysalis says: "I know you don't want your charges hurt."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Come quietly to the dungeons of Canterlot and I promise to leave the others alone."
Fluttershy says: "Why would she ever trust you?!"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Even if there's a chance Chrysalis will honor her word, shouldn't you try?"
Zecora says: "Race to the map while we hold off their attack."
Zecora says: "Stop Starlight and put the whole world back on track!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Time to make a decision, Zecora!"
Zecora says: "Even if what you are saying were true, we'd never surrender to a creature like you!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Not bad, but it's gonna take a lot more than that!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Lucky for you, there's more where that came from!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You've really gotta work on your aim."
Young Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What are you doing?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You have to finish your race!"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "No way!"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "This is way more exciting!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "See?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You can't stop me no matter what you do."
Young Rainbow Dash says: "Aw, man."
Spike says: "That's strange."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, you obviously don't mean us falling, because that's becoming pretty routine."
Spike says: "No, it's just the other times we've come back, it's been day!"
Spike says: "But look!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why would the map bring us back to a different time of day than when we left?"
Spike says: "Um, maybe we should figure it out later!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Castle of the Two Sisters!"
Spike says: "Well, don't just stand here!"
Spike says: "This place looks a lot cleaner than I remember."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity?"
Rarity says: "The castle isn't open for viewings today."
Rarity says: "The tapestries all need changing."
Rarity says: "Again."
Spike says: "Rarity, it's me!"
Rarity says: "I don't socialize with dragons."
Rarity says: "I don't know anypony who would."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity, you have to listen to me!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The future of Equestria's at stake!"
Rarity says: "I don't know how you know my name, but I am far too busy to entertain some tourist's ridiculous fantasies."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I have to get back to the map so I can stop Starlight from changing the past, because every present I come to is worse than the last!"
Nightmare Moon says: "Time travel, you say?"
Nightmare Moon says: "Now that's something I would like to see."
Nightmare Moon says: "Tell me how you came by this magic to travel through time."
Rainbow Dash says: "The princess asked you a question!"
Rainbow Dash says: "And unless you wanna end up in the dungeon, you'll tell her what she wants to know!"
Nightmare Moon says: "Nopony in my kingdom but me should possess a magic powerful enough to change time."
Spike says: "Your kingdom?"
Nightmare Moon says: "Who else?"
Spike says: "Um..."
Spike says: "Celestia, of course!"
Nightmare Moon says: "My sister has been imprisoned in the moon for years!"
Nightmare Moon says: "But it is no less a fate than she'd sentence me to!"
Nightmare Moon says: "Now, reveal to me the source of this time magic!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Alright."
Spike says: "Twilight, no!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We have no choice, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can take you to it, but you'll have to get past the timberwolves."
Nightmare Moon says: "I am the ruler of all of Equestria."
Nightmare Moon says: "Do you think I can't deal with timberwolves?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know you can."
Nightmare Moon says: "And if you were thinking of trying to escape..."
Nightmare Moon says: "..."
Nightmare Moon says: "it would be very unfortunate for your friend."
Nightmare Moon says: "How does it work?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "A pony from my time used this spell to travel back and change the past."
Nightmare Moon says: "And now you will give this spell to me!"
Nightmare Moon says: "With it, I will ensure that the Elements of Harmony are never found and my reign lasts forever!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But it won't."
Nightmare Moon says: "What?!"
Nightmare Moon says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "In my world, my friends and I found the Elements and used them to defeat you!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And I will do everything in my power to bring that world back!"
Nightmare Moon says: "No!"
Nightmare Moon says: "Noooooo!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now more than ever I know how important it is to stop you!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, good luck!"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "Whoooaaaa!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Up for another race-ending fight, Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You were right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't stop you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But you can't stop me from trying, and we could be stuck doing this for all eternity!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "If that's what it takes to keep you and your friends from getting your cutie mark connection, then I'm game!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What you're doing goes way beyond cutie marks!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everything we do here in the past – even the smallest change – can snowball into an avalanche of trouble for the future!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, next I suppose you'll tell me that "the fate of all of Equestria hangs in the balance"!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It does!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Spare me your overblown ego!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "No group of friends, not even Princess Twilight's, is that important!"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "Aaaaaaah!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know how important other ponies' friendships are to the future, but I can show you what the world is like without mine!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Where are we?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The future."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Or rather, the present."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But there's nothing here!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I wish I could say I was surprised."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But every world I come back to is worse than the last."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know why my friends and I are so important to Equestria, but we are."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I don't believe you!"
Spike says: "Come on, Starlight, look around!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Like I said, everything in the past affects the future, even the tiniest act."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And what you're doing leads here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know I can't stop you, but I thought showing you this might change your mind."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Change my mind?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You don't know anything about me!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I was perfectly happy before you and your friends ruined what I built!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know what happened that led you to make your village without cutie marks, and I'm sorry my friends and I had to take it away."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You want to know what happened to me?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'll show you!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Where are we?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "That map of yours is connected to every part of Equestria, and this part is my home."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Sunburst and I did everything together."
Starlight Glimmer says: "In fact, I don't remember us ever being apart."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Until today."
Starlight Glimmer says: "And just like that, my friend was gone."
Starlight Glimmer says: "His family recognized his magical talent and sent him off to Canterlot."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I never saw him again."
Spike says: "Well, why not?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Because of his cutie mark!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "He got his, and I didn't!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "He moved on, and I didn't!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I stayed here and never made another friend because I was too afraid another cutie mark would take them away, too!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's ridiculous."
Twilight Sparkle says: "A cutie mark can't take your friends away."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Not everypony's lucky enough to get her cutie mark at the same time as her friends!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You don't know what it's like to lose a friend because of a cutie mark."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But once I stop the rainboom, you will!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "And when I destroy this scroll, there'll be no way for you to change it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Starlight, you're right!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know what you went through!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I do know you can't do this!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've seen where this leads, and so have you!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I only saw what you showed me!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Who knows what'll really happen?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've seen it a dozen times!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Things don't turn out well in Equestria without my friends!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Ugh!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What's so special about your friends?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "How can a group of ponies that are so different be so important?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The differences between me and my friends are the very things that make our friendship strong!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I thought Sunburst and I were the same."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But we turned out different, and it tore our friendship apart!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "So try again!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Make new friends!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And if something that you can't control happens that changes things, work through it together!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's what friendship is!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And it's not just my friendships that are important to Equestria!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everypony's are!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "When yours ended, it led us here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But just imagine all the others that are out there waiting for you if you just give them a chance!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "How do I know they won't all end the same way?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I guess it's up to you to make sure they don't."
Spike says: "One Castle of Friendship – check!"
Rarity says: "What in Equestria was that?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "Is everypony okay?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Can you do it again?"
Spike says: "One group of amazing friends – check!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yeah, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It looks like we're home!"
Applejack says: "Uh..."
Applejack says: "what's she doin' here?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Actually, it's kind of a long story."
Rainbow Dash says: "I mean, I knew my rainboom was awesome, but I never thought all of Equestria depended on it!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Or on us!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think it's more than that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Friendship connects all of Equestria, and undoing one group of friends made its magic less powerful."
Applejack says: "I can't believe y'all were able to travel through time like that."
Pinkie Pie says: "That Starlight must be pretty magical!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "She obviously has more talent for magic than almost anypony I've seen."
Twilight Sparkle says: "My magic couldn't stop her."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I had to convince her to stop on her own."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Once I realized that, everything fell into place."
Applejack says: "But if she's as powerful as all that, we can't just send her on her way, can we?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Actually, I kind of have something else in mind."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I know there's no excuse for what I did, but I want you all to know that I'm ready for whatever punishment you think is fair."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've been thinking a lot about how badly Equestria fared without just one group of friends."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Because even when one friendship dies, the results can be disastrous."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I know first-hoof how true that can be."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And that's why I've asked you here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If you're willing to learn, I'm willing to teach you what I know."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You'll have the power to make Equestria an even better place."
Starlight Glimmer says: "How do I start?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Starting is easy!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "All you have to do is make a friend!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And you've got seven of them right here."
Starlight Glimmer.
I never thought that I would find a place.
To step right in and start again.
I never thought that I could just begin.
Right where I left off and make a friend.
Twilight Sparkle.
Don't ever think that it might be too late.
You don't have to wait, there's no mistakes with the friends you make.
A friendship's only made of what you bring.
And if you do it right, you can do anything.
Starlight Glimmer and Mane Six.
Just use your eyes.
This time, no lies.
Just don't disguise.
Who you are inside.
Because your friends are always there for you.
You don't have to be the same for friendship to be true.
Because your friends are always there for you.
Around the world, it's still the same.
Together you have more to gain.
There's nothing that a friend won't do.
Everywhere you go.
Friendship there will grow.
When you find it, it's the key.
Friends can change the world, you see.
Everywhere you go.
Friendship there will grow.
When you find it, it's the key.
Friends can change the world ah-ah.
Friends can change the world ah-ah.
Friends can change the world, you see.