Rainbow Dash says: "Ha-ha!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoo-hoo!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Who?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, it's you, Owlowiscious."
Rainbow Dash says: "C'mon, try and keep up!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Winona?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I mean..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Winona's head?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Um, is this weird, or is it just me?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Angel?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Gummy?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay, this is officially beyond weird now and right on down to freaky town."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yaaaaah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Whaa!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Phew."
Applejack says: "Let's get this thing started!"
Rarity says: "Sincerest apologies, Rainbow, if our pets were bothering you."
Rarity says: "Say you're sorry, Opal."
Rarity says: "She's..."
Rarity says: "sorry."
Rainbow Dash says: "What are you all doing out here?"
Applejack says: "Why, we always round up our critters for a regular ol' Pony Pet Playdate in this park."
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, you do?"
Applejack says: "Same time every week."
Fluttershy says: "I thought you knew."
Fluttershy says: "You didn't know?"
Fluttershy says: "She didn't know?"
Pinkie Pie says: "We were totally gonna invite you, Rainbow, then Twilight remembered that you don't even have a pet, and Rarity remembered that you really like to take naps in the afternoon, so Applejack figured you wouldn't be missing out on anything anyway, and Fluttershy and I nodded our heads in agreement like this."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, please don't be mad at us."
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, I'm not mad."
Rainbow Dash says: "You all are right."
Rainbow Dash says: "Not much point of a Pony Pet Playdate for me if I'm a pony without a pet, right?"
Applejack says: "Eeexactly."
Applejack says: "So, if'n you'll excuse us..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey, now wait a minute!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Just because I don't have a pet now doesn't mean I never want a pet!"
Fluttershy says: "Ohh!"
Fluttershy says: "Y, y, Oh, really?"
Fluttershy says: "You really want a pet?"
Fluttershy says: "Really?"
Fluttershy says: "'Cause I've got so many wonderful choices at my house!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, and I know you'll just love them!"
Fluttershy says: "And they'll love you!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, and you'll be best friends forever and ever!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh!"
Fluttershy.
Now, Rainbow, my dear, I cannot express my delight.
It's abundantly clear.
That somewhere out here.
Is the pet that will suit you just right.
Rainbow Dash.
I can't wait to get started, but first let me set a few rules.
It's of utmost importance.
The pet that I get.
Is something that's awesome and cool.
Fluttershy says: "Awesome, cool, got it!"
I have so many wonderful choices, just wait, you will see.
Rainbow Dash.
I need something real fast like a bullet to keep up with me.
Fluttershy.
Sure! How 'bout a bunny?
They're cutesy and wootsie and quick as can be.
Rainbow Dash.
Cutesy? Wootsie? Have you even met me?
Fluttershy.
Rainbow, have faith.
You see, I will bet you.
Somewhere in here is the pet that will get you.
Fluttershy says: "Come on, the sky's the limit!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Sky is good."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'd like it to fly."
Fluttershy says: "Really?"
Fluttershy says: "Because I think this widdle puddy tat has your name written all over it."
Fluttershy says: "Yes, he does."
Fluttershy says: "Aww, look, he likes you!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Pass."
Fluttershy.
I have so many wonderful choices for you to decide.
There are otters and seals.
With massive appeal.
Rainbow Dash says: "Otters and seals do not fly."
Fluttershy says: "Maybe not, but I've seen this particular seal catch ten feet of air when he breaches the water!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That's it."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm outta here."
Fluttershy.
Wait! There must be a pet here.
That will fit the ticket.
How 'bout a ladybug, or a cute cricket?
Rainbow Dash says: "Bigger."
Rainbow Dash says: "And cooler."
Fluttershy says: "Bigger, cooler."
Fluttershy says: "Right."
I've got just the thing in that tree, Dash.
Meet your new fabulous pet, Squirrely!
Rainbow Dash says: "It's just a squirrel."
Fluttershy says: "Not just any squirrel."
Fluttershy says: "A flying squirrel!"
Rainbow Dash says: "..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah."
Rainbow Dash says: "So, like I was saying..."
Fluttershy, pal, this won't cut it.
I need a pet to keep up with me.
Something awesome, something flying.
With coolness that defies gravity!
Fluttershy says: "I'm sensing you want an animal that can fly."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ya think?"
Fluttershy.
I have plenty of wonderful creatures who soar in the sky.
Like a sweet hummingbird or a giant monarch butterfly.
Rainbow Dash says: "Better, but cooler."
Fluttershy.
I see. How 'bout an owl, or a wasp, or a toucan?
There's so many wonderful creatures the likes of that.
There are falcons and eagles.
They are both quite regal.
Or perhaps what you need is a dark and mysterious bat?
Rainbow Dash says: "Now you're talking!"
Rainbow Dash says: "But instead of just one standout, now that's too many."
So many choices, and such riches aplenty.
Fluttershy says: "Not a bad problem to have, if you ask me."
Rainbow Dash.
The bat would be awesome, but the wasp I'm digging too.
Do you have something in a yellow striped bat?
Fluttershy says: "No."
I've got a hot pink flamingo, just dying to meet you.
Rainbow Dash.
What to do, what to do? gasp.
A prize! That's it! There's really just one way.
To find out which animal's best.
Hold a contest of speed, agility, and guts.
That will put each pet to the test.
Fluttershy.
Don't forget style, that should be considered.
Rainbow Dash.
Then we'll know for sure who's best of the litter.
Fluttershy.
The one who is awesomest cool.
Rainbow Dash.
Just like me.
Can't settle for less, 'cause I'm the best.
Fluttershy and Rainbow Dash.
So a contest we will see.
Rainbow Dash.
Who's the number one, greatest, perfectest pet.
Fluttershy and Rainbow Dash.
In the world for me!
Fluttershy.
May the games.
Fluttershy and Rainbow Dash.
Begin!
Rainbow Dash says: "And may the best pet win!"
Rainbow Dash says: "So!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You all think you've got what it takes to be my pet, do ya?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, we'll just see about that!"
Rainbow Dash says: "If any of you don't think you can handle it, bow out now before you humiliate yourself in front of your peers."
Rainbow Dash says: "This competition isn't for the weak."
Rainbow Dash says: "You'd better be prepared to step up your game!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You call that flapping?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That's better."
Rainbow Dash says: "There's only room on Team Dash for one of you, and my future pet needs to be able to take it to the extreme!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Any questions?"
Applejack says: "I got one."
Applejack says: "Does she understand what a pet really needs?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yeah, like care and attention, love and affection– Ugh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And breath mints!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Seriously, Fluttershy!"
Rainbow Dash says: "The turtle?"
Rainbow Dash says: "What did you bring that thing here for?"
Fluttershy says: "Technically he's a tortoise, and he's always dreamed of being somepony's pet."
Fluttershy says: "He just wants a chance to compete, he won't get in the way."
Fluttershy says: "You won't even know he's here."
Rainbow Dash says: "No."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, just let him try."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh, but there's no way he can possibly keep up."
Rainbow Dash says: "Look at him!"
Fluttershy says: "It won't hurt to let him try."
Fluttershy says: "Just let him try?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Grrgh, ugh, fine!"
Rainbow Dash says: "But don't say I didn't warn you!"
Rainbow Dash says: "This isn't a game, you know!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Alright, now these games will determine which one of you has the most important qualities I'm looking for in a pet."
Rainbow Dash says: "Speed."
Rainbow Dash says: "Agility."
Rainbow Dash says: "Guts."
Rainbow Dash says: "Style."
Rainbow Dash says: "Coolness."
Rainbow Dash says: "Awesomeness."
Rainbow Dash says: "And radicalness."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Aren't those all the same thing?"
Rainbow Dash says: "You would think that, Twilight."
Rainbow Dash says: "And that's why you would never qualify to be my pet."
Rainbow Dash says: "Speed!"
Rainbow Dash says: "On your marks..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Get set..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Sorta speedy..."
Rainbow Dash says: "not speedy..."
Rainbow Dash says: "pretty speedy..."
Rainbow Dash says: "could be more speedy..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That's speed!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Tsk-tsk."
Rainbow Dash says: "That's just sad."
Rainbow Dash says: "Agility!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Sorta agile..."
Rainbow Dash says: "not agile..."
Rainbow Dash says: "pretty agile..."
Rainbow Dash says: "could be more agile..."
Rainbow Dash says: "wanna know the opposite of agility?"
Rainbow Dash says: "That."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, baby, now that's what I call agility!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Don't leave me hangin'!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm gonna have to shave a point off your score for that."
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Which of you has the guts to try and get Opal's favorite toy away from her?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Now that takes guts!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Style!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Any pet of mine's gotta look good, 'cause you gotta make me look good!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Coolness!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Sorta cool."
Rainbow Dash says: "Not cool."
Rainbow Dash says: "Pretty cool."
Rainbow Dash says: "Could be cooler."
Rainbow Dash says: "Not what I had in mind."
Rainbow Dash says: "I can't hear you!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Eugh."
Rainbow Dash says: "Now that's a cool sound!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, you did that already."
Rainbow Dash says: "That's pretty much all you can do, huh?"
My Little Pony theme song plays on glasses.
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That was truly awesome!"
Rainbow Dash says: "But I'm afraid this is the radicalness competition, so I'm gonna have to take some points off."
Rainbow Dash says: "Listen, turtle..."
Fluttershy says: "Tortoise."
Rainbow Dash says: "Whatever!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You've had your fun, but I think you and I both know who made the cut and who didn't."
Rainbow Dash says: "You didn't."
Rainbow Dash says: "I mean..."
Rainbow Dash says: "'A' for effort and everything, you gave it your best shot, maybe I've got a gold star sticker around here somewhere you can have, but, seriously, go home."
Rainbow Dash says: "You're starting to creep me out."
Rainbow Dash says: "So, anyway, you're all outstanding competitors, but there can only be one of you who's number one."
Rainbow Dash says: "So the final tie-breaking contest is going to be..."
Rainbow Dash says: "pause for dramatic effect..."
Rainbow Dash says: "a race against..."
Rainbow Dash says: "me!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Through Ghastly Gorge!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Dun dun dun!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Gesundheit."
Wagner's "Ride of the Valkyries" plays.
Rainbow Dash says: "Actually, Ghastly Gorge isn't scary."
Rainbow Dash says: "It's fun."
Rainbow Dash says: "Heh."
Rainbow Dash says: "I've flown through it a million times myself, so obviously I'll be at the front of the pack."
Rainbow Dash says: "But whichever of you make it across the finish line with me will have proven you can keep up with me, and will have earned the honor and glory of getting to be my pet!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ready?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Setgo!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Woo-hoo!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Haha!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Try to keep up!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Can't catch me, ha-ha!"
Rainbow Dash says: "C'mon, slowpokes!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You wanna win, don't ya?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I forgot to tell you!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Watch out for the Quarray eels!"
Rainbow Dash says: "They don't like it when you get too close to their nests, like this."
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa."
Quarray eels growl.
Rainbow Dash says: "Easy, peasy, one-two-threesy!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Right, guys?"
Rainbow Dash says: "AVALANCHE!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoaaaa!"
Rainbow Dash says: "C'mon..."
Rainbow Dash says: "no!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Wait!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Come back!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Don't leave me!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm the one who's supposed to win!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I don't wanna end up stuck here..."
Rainbow Dash says: "forever!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh no, nonono, th-this can't be happening."
Rainbow Dash says: "Forever is way too long to be trapped in Ghastly Gorge."
Rainbow Dash says: "I mean, it's like, forever!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Somepony!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Anypony!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Help me!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Wahoo!"
Rainbow Dash says: "My prayers have been answered!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, thankyouthankyoutha– You?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh no!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Now I'm not only going to be stuck here forever, I'm gonna be stuck here forever with the most annoying turtle in the world!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Gyh, I'm doomed."
Rainbow Dash says: "DOOMED, I tell you!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hm, something's not right here."
Fluttershy says: "Where's Rainbow Dash?"
Applejack says: "Great galloping galoshes!"
Applejack says: "There's been an avalanche in there!"
Spike says: "Rainbow!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Wait!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Look!"
Fluttershy says: "It's the turtle!"
Applejack says: "Tortoise!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Tortoise!"
Rarity says: "Tortoise!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Tortoise!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, whatever..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And he's carrying something on his back..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Ahh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's Rainbow Dash!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's her!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's Rainbow!"
Fluttershy says: "Maybe we'd better go meet him halfway."
Spike says: "Huh."
Spike says: "Way to go, little guy!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, thank goodness you're not hurt, Rainbow!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Just my pride."
Rarity says: "I certainly hope all of this dreadful dust was worth it!"
Applejack says: "It sure was, if'n it means Rainbow gets to have her own little critter just like the rest of us from now on."
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "thanks."
Rainbow Dash says: "What you did..."
Rainbow Dash says: "I owe you one."
Fluttershy says: "Rainbow!"
Fluttershy says: "Your new pet is over here waiting for you!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "right..."
Rainbow Dash says: "yeah..."
Rainbow Dash says: "that."
Spike says: "What's the matter?"
Pinkie Pie says: "You got your perfect pet, right?"
Fluttershy says: "The best of the best like you wanted, remember?"
Fluttershy says: "It can fly and it's not a squirrel!"
Fluttershy says: "Should we sing about it again?"
Applejack says: "A falcon sure looks good on ya, Rainbow."
Rainbow Dash says: "Easy, fella."
Rainbow Dash says: "Nothing to be afraid of."
Rainbow Dash says: "The falcon sure does look cool..."
Rainbow Dash says: "he's absolutely everything I wanted in a pet."
Fluttershy says: "Yay?"
Rainbow Dash says: "But I said whoever crosses the finish line with me gets to be my pet."
Pinkie Pie says: "You did!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You did say that!"
Pinkie Pie says: "She did say that, that was the rule!"
Rainbow Dash says: "And the only racer who crossed the finish line with me was the one who stopped to save me when I needed help."
Rainbow Dash says: "The tortoise!"
Applejack says: "Wouldja look at that?"
Applejack says: "He even smiles slow."
Rainbow Dash says: "Spike, take a letter."
I used to think that the most important traits to look for in a pet, or any best friend, were all physical competitive abilities. But now I can see how short-sighted and shallow that was.
Rainbow Dash says: "Today I learned what the most important quality really is."
Rainbow Dash says: "A certain kind of spirit."
Rainbow Dash says: "A stick-to-it-ive-ness."
Rainbow Dash says: "A never give up, can-do attitude that's the mark of a real winner."
Rainbow Dash says: "And this tortoise has it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Tenacity."
Rainbow Dash says: "Gesundheit."
Rainbow Dash says: "You just can't stop that little guy."
Rainbow Dash says: "He's like a..."
Rainbow Dash says: "like a..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Tank!"
Fluttershy says: "But Rainbow!"
Fluttershy says: "You didn't want a pet that couldn't fly because it would keep you grounded and hold you back, remember?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hmm..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Heh."
Rainbow Dash says: "C'mon, Tank!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We're gonna be late for our very first Pony Pet Playdate!"