Previously on My Little Pony.
Twilight Sparkle says: "As princess, I've been chosen to spread the magic of friendship across Equestria."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So why would the Tree of Harmony want us to sit in a castle in Ponyville?"
Spike says: "This is incredible!"
Spike says: "It's got all of Equestria!"
Fluttershy says: "Why are our cutie marks over there?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Seems like the map wants us to find out."
Twilight Sparkle says: "An entire village with the same cutie mark?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Welcome!"
Fluttershy says: "This must be the most pleasant place in Equestria!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm delighted you're interested in our cutie mark vault."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's a trap!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Now you can spend the rest of your lives here without your cutie marks!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "In sameness, there is peace."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Exceptionalism is a lie."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Free yourself from your cutie mark."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Choose equality as your special talent."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Difference is frustration."
Starlight Glimmer says: "To excel is to fail."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hey, this is pretty good!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Be your best by never being your best."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ugh, we've gotta find a way out of here!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't take much more of that voice!"
Rarity says: "Oh, this is horrible!"
Fluttershy says: "There, there, Rarity..."
Fluttershy says: "It's not so bad..."
Rarity says: "Yes, it is!"
Rarity says: "Look at those drapes!"
Rarity says: "I have no idea if they're tacky or not!"
Fluttershy says: "Well, I think they're nice."
Rarity says: "So do I!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, thank goodness!"
Fluttershy says: "Can you help us, little birdie?"
Fluttershy says: "Go on, now!"
Fluttershy says: "Fly away and get us help!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, even tweets don't make sense any more!"
Applejack says: "This door's shut tighter than a..."
Applejack says: "summer of..."
Applejack says: "..."
Applejack says: "uh, piglets in..."
Applejack says: "shoot!"
Applejack says: "I can't even make countryisms no more!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I don't know!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Maybe it'll be super fun to be all the same!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Sort of."
Pinkie Pie says: "More pleasant than fun, I guess..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Something odd about that staff."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I haven't studied Eastern unicorns as much as I should have, but I'm pretty sure Meadowbrook only had eight magical items, not nine."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And I don't remember any of them being a staff."
Applejack says: "Well, it looks like you'll have plenty of time to try to think about it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've got it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know how we can get out!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Forget it, Twilight."
Rainbow Dash says: "This door's not opening."
Rarity says: "And I'm afraid the windows are much too small for escape."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But there is a third way."
Pinkie Pie says: "Of course!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Eventually the wind and the weather will wear down the walls until they start to crumble!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Then all we have to do is wait for a big enough hole to form and we can just walk out!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's the perfect plan!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I guess."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We don't actually have to escape."
Twilight Sparkle says: "They'll just let us out when they think we've accepted their philosophy!"
Applejack says: "But they're never gonna believe we switched over in just one night."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There's one of us they might believe."
Fluttershy says: "Oh!"
Fluttershy says: "Me?!"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You've been saying how great this place is since we got here!"
Fluttershy says: "But that's because everypony's so nice and their village is so pretty, and, and..."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, you're right."
Fluttershy says: "They probably would believe me."
Fluttershy says: "I hate to lie to them."
Fluttershy says: "They've been so welcoming and friendly..."
Fluttershy says: "aside from locking us in here and trying to brainwash us into abandoning the things that make us special..."
Fluttershy says: "Okay."
Fluttershy says: "I'll do it."
Pinkie Pie says: "Woo-hoo!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I mean, cool."
Fluttershy says: "But what do I do once I'm out?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You've gotta find a way to get our cutie marks back."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, good morning!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I trust you had a pleasant night?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "This way, please."
Starlight Glimmer says: "There are some friends who'd like to see you."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Gather round, friends, gather round!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "We've come to ask if any of you are ready to join us!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "There are so many friends to be made once you realize you don't need your cutie marks or the talents that come with them."
Double Diamond says: "We have a welcome ceremony for new friends!"
Double Diamond says: "The whole village joins together to build you your own cottage—"
Rainbow Dash says: "Not interested!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You may have them now, but we're going to get our cutie marks back!"
Applejack says: "Y'all don't understand, do ya?"
Applejack says: "You can't force nopony to be friends!"
Applejack says: "It don't work like that!"
"Sunny Song" says: "Please, join us!"
"Rosemary" says: "We love new friends!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's all right, everypony."
Starlight Glimmer says: "This is a perfectly normal part of the equalization process for those who haven't..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "quite seen the light yet."
Starlight Glimmer says: "We'll try again tomorrow once you've had a bit more time to consider our philosophy!"
Fluttershy says: "I'd like to join!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "How could you?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "If giving up my cutie mark means I get to stay in this lovely village with these lovely ponies, then I'll do it."
Starlight Glimmer says: "We have a new friend, everypony!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Now, there's one more order of business."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It seems some in our midst might be..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "dissatisfied with the village life!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Unfortunately, it's all too true, my friends!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Will you kindly tell us the names of those friends who so desperately miss their cutie marks that they would sneak around in the shadows talking to strangers about it?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Just so we can be sure your intentions are indeed pure."
Fluttershy says: "Um, I don't know who they were."
Fluttershy says: "Um, I'm sorry."
Fluttershy says: "I don't know your names and faces yet."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Nonsense!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Obviously these ponies must have asked you directly."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Kindly point them out!"
Party Favor says: "It was me!"
Party Favor says: "It was only me!"
Party Favor says: "But I only wanted it back for a little while!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "And you're quite certain it was only you?"
Party Favor says: "I just wanted to remember what it was like."
Starlight Glimmer says: "And no thought to the pain you'd cause your friends."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Such selfishness."
Party Favor says: "I'm sorry, everypony!"
Party Favor says: "I never wanted to leave the village!"
Party Favor says: "I love all of—"
Party Favor says: "What was I thinking?!"
Party Favor says: "!"
Party Favor says: "I can't believe I even considered asking for my cutie mark back."
Rainbow Dash says: "Don't worry."
Rainbow Dash says: "Fluttershy will have us out of here in no time!"
Party Favor says: "Didn't you see what just happened out there?!"
Party Favor says: "!"
Party Favor says: "Your friend has accepted our way!"
Party Favor says: "You will all accept our way!"
Party Favor says: "It's only a matter of time!"
Rainbow Dash says: "This guy's a barrel of laughs."
Pinkie Pie says: "Laughs don't come in barrels."
Pinkie Pie says: "They come from inside you as your body's response to delight."
Applejack says: "cutie marks?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We have to stay as positive as we can."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If Party Favor sees how much we really do like each other, even though we're all different, maybe we can use him to spread our message to the rest of the village."
Rarity says: "Let's hope they don't convert any of us first."
"Rocky Storm" says: "Welcome!"
S05E01 Unnamed Pegasus Mare #3 says: "Welcome!"
S05E01 Unnamed Unicorn Stallion #4 says: "Welcome!"
Fluttershy says: "Gosh, you really are the nicest ponies I've ever met."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Come."
Starlight Glimmer says: "All new friends stay with me until their cottage is completed."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Let's get you settled, and then you can enjoy all that our little village has to offer."
Fluttershy says: "Get the cutie marks back."
Fluttershy says: "That's all you've gotta do, Fluttershy."
Fluttershy says: "Just sneak through the dark up to that spooky old cave with the scary magical staff and get the cutie marks back."
Fluttershy says: "Okay, you're doing great."
Fluttershy says: "The cave's gotta be close now..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Excellent work, Double Diamond."
Double Diamond says: "Of course, but I don't understand why you wanted me to bring them here."
Double Diamond says: "Fluttershy is one of us now."
Double Diamond says: "Surely she can be trusted."
Starlight Glimmer says: "This one belongs to a princess."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It could be very important to our cause."
Double Diamond says: "But if Twilight Sparkle becomes our friend, then why do we care about this old cutie mark?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I just want to keep them close until everything is..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "settled."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You may go, Double Diamond."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, dear."
Fluttershy says: "How am I ever going to get the cutie marks back now?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Ow!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Ugh!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Starlight, you clumsy foal!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, no..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I've got a good feeling about today!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "So, do any of you have anything you'd like to say?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Aw, pity."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, let's try this again tomorrow, shall we?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "No new friends today, I'm afraid!"
Fluttershy says: "Wait!"
Fluttershy says: "I'd like to lock them in."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Marvelous, Fluttershy!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "That's the spirit!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Party Favor, will you join us, please?"
Party Favor says: "I'm sorry, Starlight!"
Party Favor says: "I'm sorry, everypony!"
Party Favor says: "I've seen the error of my ways!"
Party Favor says: "I never want to look at my cutie mark again!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "It seems there's cause for celebration after all!"
Crowd says: "Hooray!"
Party Favor says: "They tried to break me!"
Party Favor says: "They wouldn't stop talking about how different they are, and that somehow makes their friendship stronger!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Such backwards thinking."
Party Favor says: "But I didn't listen!"
Party Favor says: "I knew what they were up to, and I didn't listen!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well done, Party Favor!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "We welcome you back with open hooves!"
Fluttershy says: "Um, Starlight?"
Fluttershy says: "I think we might have one more friend joining us today."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Is this true?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I-I think so."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I just want to be sure."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If I agree to leave my cutie mark in the vault, I'll really be happier?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Just look around!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Equality has given us more happiness than you've ever known!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And you wouldn't let me just live here in the village with my old cutie mark?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Out of the question."
Starlight Glimmer says: "A pony with a different cutie mark in our midst would destroy our entire philosophy."
Starlight Glimmer says: "We are all equal here!"
Fluttershy says: "Then how do you explain this?!"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I knew you couldn't be trusted!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "No!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Get away!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Wha..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What are you looking at?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "They're the problem, not me!"
Party Favor says: "How could you?"
Double Diamond says: "You said cutie marks were evil!"
Double Diamond says: "You said special talents led to pain and heartache!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "They do!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Don't you see?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Look at them!"
Sugar Belle says: "Then why?"
Sugar Belle says: "Why did you take ours and not give up your own?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I had to, you fools!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "How could I collect your cutie marks without my magic?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Night Glider says: "But the staff has all the magic we need!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "The staff is a piece of wood I found in the desert!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's my magic that makes all this possible!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You'd all still be living your miserable lives thinking you're better than everypony else if it weren't for my magical abilities!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I brought you friendship!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I brought you equality!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I created harmony!"
Double Diamond says: "You lied to us!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "So what?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "E-Everything else I said is true!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "The only way to be happy is if we're all equal!"
Party Favor says: "Except for you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everypony has unique talents and gifts, and when we share them with each other, that's how rea—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "QUIET!"
Sugar Belle says: "You can't have a cutie mark, Starlight!"
Sugar Belle says: "Either we're all equal, or none of us are!"
Double Diamond says: "Come on!"
Double Diamond says: "Let's get our cutie marks back!"
Crowd says: "Yeah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Come on!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Let's go get our cutie marks!"
Fluttershy says: "Our cutie marks aren't in the vault!"
Fluttershy says: "They're in there with her!"
Double Diamond says: "Stand back, everypony!"
Rarity says: "Even without my cutie mark, I can tell this is beautiful!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "They think they can come to my village and disrupt my life?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Let's see how they like spending the rest of their lives without their precious cutie marks!"
Night Glider says: "Stand back, everypony!"
Fluttershy says: "They're gone!"
Fluttershy says: "They were right over there!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Look!"
Party Favor says: "She's headed for the pass!"
Party Favor says: "If she makes it into those mountains, we'll never find her!"
Pinkie Pie says: "These are amazing!"
Sugar Belle says: "There's a whole network of caves up there!"
Sugar Belle says: "Your cutie marks will be gone forever!"
Applejack says: "Then let's get moving, y'all!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, come on!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Are you all so willing to give up everything because of these strangers?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Sugar Belle says: "We gave up everything for you, because we thought you were our friend!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I can't believe we have to count on these other ponies to save our cutie marks!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "If we hadn't come here to help them, they'd still be living under her rules!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now it's their turn to help us!"
Fluttershy says: "And I know they can do it!"
Sugar Belle says: "My newest recipe – snow pie!"
Rainbow Dash says: "She's gonna get away!"
Double Diamond says: "Whoa!"
Double Diamond says: "These are my old skis!"
Double Diamond says: "This is where I first met Starlight!"
Night Glider says: "Maybe you can reminisce another time!"
Night Glider says: "She's almost to the caves!"
Double Diamond says: "Feel like an air drop?"
Applejack says: "Yee-haw!"
Applejack says: "Finally, I can buck like a five-bit snake herder in an Appleloosa ranch house again!"
Fluttershy says: "And you got your countryisms back, too!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Wh– I studied that spell for years!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "How can you—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I studied magic for years too!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But what I didn't know then was that studying could only take me so far."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Each of my friends has taught me something different about myself!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It was their unique gifts and passions and personalities that helped bring out the magic inside of me!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I never would have learned that I represent the element of magic without these five!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And I certainly wouldn't be here to stop you now!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Spare me your sentimental nonsense!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I gave these ponies real friendships they never could've had otherwise!"
Double Diamond says: "How do you know that?!"
Double Diamond says: "!"
Double Diamond says: "You never even gave us a chance!"
Rainbow Dash says: "She's getting away!"
Double Diamond says: "We'll never find her in there!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We just have to hope that when she's had a chance to think it over, she realizes that you all have taught her something."
Party Favor says: "It's you who have taught us something."
Party Favor says: "We all came to this village because we were searching for something missing from our lives."
Party Favor says: "We thought Starlight had given it to us, but now..."
Party Favor says: "now it seems it was in front of us all along."
Party Favor says: "It's us!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Does that mean you'll stay in the village?"
Night Glider says: "It's our home."
Night Glider says: "I'm not going anywhere."
Double Diamond says: "This is a chance for all of us to get to know each other again for the very first time!"
Sugar Belle says: "And I finally have a chance to bake something besides terrible muffins!"
Wilhelm scream.
Pinkie Pie says: "Now those are real smiles."
Applejack says: "I'll never get used to that."
Rarity says: "I think it's divine."
Fluttershy says: "Does that mean that the map is calling us somewhere else?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I have a feeling it means our work here is done."
Applejack says: "Looks like you were right, Twilight."
Applejack says: "The map did have a reason for sendin' us here."
Applejack says: "We brought real friendship to these here ponies."
Applejack says: "Guess that's why you're the Princess of Friendship."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But the map didn't send me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It sent us."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're a part of me, all of you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And there's no doubt you're a part of my mission to spread friendship too."
Pinkie Pie says: "This feels like an ending!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It doesn't have to be an ending yet, right?"
Pinkie Pie says: "'Cause that Sugar Belle can bake!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe we can stay a little while longer."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come on!"