Skeedaddle says: "Cutie Mark Crusaders!"
Skeedaddle says: "Cutie Mark Crusaders!"
Skeedaddle says: "Cutie Mark Crusaders!"
Skeedaddle says: "Cutie Mark Crusaders!"
Scootaloo says: "We're at my house!"
Skeedaddle says: "I got my cutie mark!"
Sweetie Belle says: "You did?"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "That's great, Skeedaddle!"
Scootaloo says: "Yeah!"
Scootaloo says: "What's it for?"
Skeedaddle says: "Knot-tying!"
Skeedaddle says: "And I never would've gotten it without all of you!"
Apple Bloom says: "Did we suggest knot-tying?"
Skeedaddle says: "I can't wait to tell everypony!"
Aunt Holiday says: "Oh, how exciting."
Aunt Holiday says: "You three truly have a gift for helping ponies."
Scootaloo says: "Aw, thanks, Aunt Holiday."
Scootaloo says: "But I'm not sure we can take credit for this one."
Aunt Holiday says: "Of course you can."
Aunt Holiday says: "You encouraged that colt to try new things."
Aunt Holiday says: "And because you all believed in him, he succeeded."
Auntie Lofty says: "I could use that kind of help."
Auntie Lofty says: "Huh."
Scootaloo says: "Come on, Auntie Lofty."
Scootaloo says: "You already have your cutie mark."
Auntie Lofty says: "Lot of good it does me."
Auntie Lofty says: "I can't decide what theme to give this quilt."
Auntie Lofty says: "Ah, I've run out of inspiration."
Apple Bloom says: "How about apples?"
Apple Bloom says: "Puppies?"
Apple Bloom says: "Kites!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Or cotton candy!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Or ballet!"
Scootaloo says: "What about a Wonderbolt quilt?"
Auntie Lofty says: "See?"
Auntie Lofty says: "Leave it to you three to come up with more ideas than I've had in a year!"
Auntie Lofty says: "Now, that's talent."
Aunt Holiday says: "Goodness."
Aunt Holiday says: "We'd better get going, or we'll miss our train home."
Aunt Holiday says: "I left you plenty of healthy food for the weekend."
Auntie Lofty says: "And I left you cookies."
Aunt Holiday says: "The Cakes will stay with you tonight."
Aunt Holiday says: "Then Rarity, and Rainbow Dash after that."
Aunt Holiday says: "Remember, we're just a few stops from Ponyville if you need us."
Auntie Lofty says: "She knows, Holiday."
Auntie Lofty says: "See you next week, slugger."
Scootaloo says: "Bye, Aunt Holiday!"
Scootaloo says: "Bye, Auntie Lofty!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Your aunts are so nice."
Apple Bloom says: "Yeah."
Apple Bloom says: "It's really cool they watch you while your parents are gone."
Scootaloo says: "I know."
Scootaloo says: "I just wish they lived closer."
Scootaloo says: "Nopony bakes like Auntie Lofty."
Scootaloo says: "They're coming home today!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Who?"
Scootaloo says: "My parents!"
Cheerilee says: "Today, we're gonna learn about the Pegasus Weather Factory."
Cheerilee says: "Once everypony is in their seats."
Cheerilee says: "The factory specializes in snow, rain, sunshine, and..."
Cheerilee says: "Scootaloo?"
Cheerilee says: "May I help you?"
Scootaloo says: "I..."
Scootaloo says: "just noticed your erasers needed dusting."
Cheerilee says: "Why don't we hold off on the lesson until after lunch?"
Cheerilee says: "How about show and tell?"
Cheerilee says: "Does anypony have any—"
Cheerilee says: "?"
Scootaloo says: "My parents are coming home to Ponyville today!"
Snips says: "Wait."
Snips says: "They don't live here?"
Scootaloo says: "Nope."
Scootaloo says: "Their jobs are way too important for that."
Scootaloo says: "They travel to the farthest, most dangerous places in Equestria to study unknown plants and fierce creatures."
Scootaloo says: "And what they learn helps pony science and medicine."
Scootaloo says: "I'd go with them, but it's too dangerous."
Scootaloo says: "Once, my mom had to wing-wrestle a wyvern, and my dad got trapped in a chimera's cave for three moons!"
Scootaloo says: "He still has the scars to prove it."
Snips says: "You're making that up."
Snips says: "Nopony has that kind of job."
Cheerilee says: "It's a cragadile!"
Snap Shutter says: "Easy there, Marshmallow!"
Snap Shutter says: "Time you were in your crate for your nap!"
Mane Allgood says: "And that means now, mister!"
Apple Bloom says: "Still think she's makin' it all up?"
Snips says: "Nuh-uh..."
Scootaloo says: "Everypony, meet my parents – Snap Shutter and Mane Allgood!"
Snap Shutter says: "Heh."
Snap Shutter says: "Sorry to make such an entrance."
Snap Shutter says: "Just brought back a few mates from our last adventure."
Mane Allgood says: "We couldn't wait another moment to see Scootaloo!"
Mane Allgood says: "I hope we didn't interrupt anything."
Cheerilee says: "No, I, uh..."
Cheerilee says: "think..."
Cheerilee says: "class is dismissed."
Snap Shutter says: "Crikey!"
Snap Shutter says: "You're nearly as tall as me now, Scoot!"
Scootaloo says: "Aw, come on, Dad."
Mane Allgood says: "Oh, Scootaloo."
Mane Allgood says: "We missed you."
Scootaloo says: "Me, too, Mom."
Scootaloo says: "Did you get all my letters?"
Mane Allgood says: "And read them twenty times!"
Mane Allgood says: "But they're never as good as the real thing."
Mane Allgood says: "It's so good to see you."
Snap Shutter says: "I say we celebrate with ice cream sundaes."
Snap Shutter says: "They don't have those in the jungle, that's for sure."
Mane Allgood says: "Why don't you all come?"
Mane Allgood says: "Our treat."
Scootaloo says: "And Princess Twilight said we're such good friendship tutors, she might even let us teach a class!"
Snap Shutter says: "Good on ya, Scoot!"
Mane Allgood says: "What an honor!"
Scootaloo says: "I can give you a tour of the school if you want."
Scootaloo says: "I mean, if you're staying for a while this time."
Snap Shutter says: "Oh, you'll be seeing plenty of us."
Scootaloo says: "Really?!"
Scootaloo says: "!"
Mane Allgood says: "Mm-hmm."
Mane Allgood says: "Because we've taken a new job assignment that will let all of us live together!"
Scootaloo says: "I can't believe it!"
Scootaloo says: "That's awesome!"
Apple Bloom says: "All right, Scootaloo!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Woo-hoo!"
Snap Shutter says: "We never planned to be away for so long in the first place."
Snap Shutter says: "We just kept discovering things that could help Equestria."
Snap Shutter says: "And nopony else had the experience to finish our job."
Mane Allgood says: "But with all that's happened lately – Sombra's return, the destruction of the Tree of Harmony – we decided our family should be together."
Scootaloo says: "This is the best day of my life."
Snap Shutter says: "We'll stay in town for the weekend so you can pack your things."
Scootaloo says: "Wait, what?!"
Scootaloo says: "!"
Mane Allgood says: "We're all moving to Shire Lanka!"
Mane Allgood says: "That's where our new job is."
Scootaloo says: "But..."
Scootaloo says: "my friends are in Ponyville."
Snap Shutter says: "You can come back and visit 'em."
Snap Shutter says: "Or they can take the train to us."
Snap Shutter says: "There's one every month."
Apple Bloom says: "But Scootaloo can't leave!"
Sweetie Belle says: "We've been together our whole lives!"
Mane Allgood says: "It'll be a big change for everypony."
Mane Allgood says: "But it'll be a good change."
Mane Allgood says: "Give it time."
Mane Allgood says: "You'll see."
Scootaloo says: "The only thing I see..."
Scootaloo says: "is the end of the Cutie Mark Crusaders!"
Apple Bloom says: "CRY!"
Scootaloo says: "You can't let the blank flanks down just 'cause I'm gone."
Scootaloo says: "You got to keep being CMCs without me."
Sweetie Belle says: "How?!"
Sweetie Belle says: "!"
Sweetie Belle says: "There's only two of us!"
Scootaloo says: "Maybe you can find a replacement for me."
Sweetie Belle says: "No, we can't!"
Sweetie Belle says: "You're the only..."
Sweetie Belle says: "you!"
Apple Bloom says: "Nothin's gonna be the same!"
Apple Bloom says: "Who's gonna ride their scooter ahead of us everywhere we go?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Or..."
Sweetie Belle says: "Or put on plays with us?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Or go camping with us?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Or just hang out with us?!"
Sweetie Belle says: "!"
Scootaloo says: "Well, it's worse for me!"
Scootaloo says: "I have to say goodbye to both of—"
Scootaloo says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Guess who just got three front-row tickets to the Wonderbolts show next week!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, that is not the reaction I was expecting."
Scootaloo says: "Thanks for the tickets, Rainbow Dash."
Scootaloo says: "But I can't go."
Apple Bloom says: "Her parents are makin' her move super far away from Ponyville."
Rainbow Dash says: "What?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "No way!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Scootaloo belongs here!"
Sweetie Belle says: "And now we'll probably never see her again!"
Sweetie Belle says: "It's hopeless!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa, whoa, whoa."
Rainbow Dash says: "I cannot believe you're giving up so easily."
Rainbow Dash says: "You're the Cutie Mark Crusaders."
Rainbow Dash says: "Solving tough problems is what you do."
Scootaloo says: "We are pretty good at coming up with ideas."
Sweetie Belle says: "That's right."
Sweetie Belle says: "When we work together, we're unstoppable!"
Apple Bloom says: "I can't believe we didn't think of it before."
Apple Bloom says: "It's list time, y'all!"
Apple Bloom says: "First question – why do Scootaloo's parents want to move to Shire Lanka?"
Scootaloo says: "That's where their new job is."
Sweetie Belle says: "What if we get them a job here instead?"
Apple Bloom says: "Yeah!"
Apple Bloom says: "They like dangerous creatures, right?"
Apple Bloom says: "We got to have some of those around here."
Apple Bloom says: "Like, uh, Timberwolves!"
Scootaloo says: "Dad knows all about those."
Scootaloo says: "And cockatrices and bugbears."
Scootaloo says: "They only study super rare animals."
Sweetie Belle says: "Then maybe we need to give them an animal nopony's ever heard of!"
Apple Bloom says: "Uh, then how would we hear about it?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Because we're making it up!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Come on!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Sooooo..."
Rainbow Dash says: "you want these tickets, or..."
Rainbow Dash says: "?"
Scootaloo says: "This is what I wanted to show you."
Scootaloo says: "The tracks of the mysterious Everfree banshee beast!"
Mane Allgood says: "Hmmm..."
Mane Allgood says: "They're like nothing I've ever seen."
Scootaloo says: "Legend says it has five claws and three wings."
Scootaloo says: "And it's suuuuper dangerous if you get close."
Scootaloo says: "If only somepony could prove it exists."
Snap Shutter says: "Hmmm..."
Snap Shutter says: "Easy enough."
Snap Shutter says: "We'll follow the spoor."
Scootaloo says: "I think I heard something this way."
Apple Bloom says: "So the plan is we let 'em get a picture, then we hide again."
Apple Bloom says: "Right?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Now the plan is..."
Sweetie Belle says: "run!"
Apple Bloom says: "Aah!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Aah!"
Apple Bloom says: "Oof!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Oof!"
Scootaloo says: "Guess you solved the mystery."
Mane Allgood says: "We'd better get back."
Mane Allgood says: "There's a lot to get ready before the house goes up for sale tomorrow."
Sweetie Belle says: "Don't worry, Scootaloo."
Sweetie Belle says: "We have a new plan to keep you in Ponyville."
Apple Bloom says: "We just got to show your parents we're a set of three."
Apple Bloom says: "Then they'll have to let you stay here with us."
Snap Shutter says: "Scoot, are these yours?"
Scootaloo says: "Yeah."
Scootaloo says: "Thanks, Dad."
Scootaloo says: "We're sending them to the Pony Book of Records."
Sweetie Belle says: "We're the only three ponies in Equestria with the same cutie mark."
Apple Bloom says: "The chances of that are so rare."
Apple Bloom says: "It means we belong together forever."
Snap Shutter says: "Yeah, but you don't have the same cutie mark."
Apple Bloom says: "Sure we do."
Apple Bloom says: "Look!"
Snap Shutter says: "Well, this part is the same."
Snap Shutter says: "But the picture inside each of these is different."
Snap Shutter says: "I think it means you'll stay best friends no matter where you go, and that's really special."
Scootaloo says: "But..."
Scootaloo says: "we..."
Scootaloo says: "How do you argue with that?"
Apple Bloom says: "All right, y'all."
Apple Bloom says: "Time to take things up a notch."
Scootaloo says: "With prune juice?"
Apple Bloom says: "It's a potion I mixed up from Zecora's book."
Apple Bloom says: "Prune is only one of the ingredients."
Sweetie Belle says: "What's it do?"
Apple Bloom says: ""On this potion, please depend."
Apple Bloom says: "Any separation, mend."
Apple Bloom says: "Friends together 'til the end."
Apple Bloom says: "" We just got to dab a little on our hooves."
Apple Bloom says: "Sounds perfect, right?"
Scootaloo says: "Better than perfect!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Is something supposed to happen?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Is this the something that's supposed to happen?!"
Sweetie Belle says: "!"
Apple Bloom says: "The book didn't really say."
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "Whoa..."
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "W-Whoa..."
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "Whoa!"
Scootaloo says: "Thanks for trying, Apple Bloom."
Scootaloo says: "But I might as well face it."
Scootaloo says: "I'm gonna have to leave Ponyville."
Apple Bloom says: "Don't give up, Scootaloo."
Apple Bloom says: "This just gave me an even better idea how to keep you here."
Apple Bloom says: "Come on!"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "Whoa!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Maybe we'd better see Zecora about fixing this first."
Scootaloo says: "We're running out of time."
Scootaloo says: "This has to work!"
Mane Allgood says: "Scootaloo, I know you're having fun with your friends, but we need to get all our things to the station."
Snap Shutter says: "We can't miss tomorrow's train."
Snap Shutter says: "It's the only one for a month."
Scootaloo says: "Then you'll just have to go without me!"
Scootaloo says: "I'm staying with the CMCs!"
Sweetie Belle says: "We're chained to this post!"
Apple Bloom says: "And nothin' and nopony is gonna move us!"
Apple Bloom says: "No matter..."
Apple Bloom says: "what."
Snap Shutter says: "We just sold the house, Scoot."
Snap Shutter says: "I know this is hard to accept, but just—"
Scootaloo says: "It's more than hard!"
Scootaloo says: "It's not fair!"
Scootaloo says: "You're making me pick between my family and my friends!"
Mane Allgood says: "Oh, Scootaloo."
Mane Allgood says: "Moving away won't stop you three from caring about each other."
Mane Allgood says: "Why don't you sleep over with Sweetie Belle and Apple Bloom tonight?"
Mane Allgood says: "It'll give you a chance to say a real goodbye."
Scootaloo says: "But I don't want to say goodbye!"
Scootaloo says: "You're changing my whole life without even asking how I feel!"
Apple Bloom says: "Scootaloo!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Where are you going?"
Scootaloo says: "To stay with my aunts."
Scootaloo says: "You heard my parents."
Scootaloo says: "There isn't another train to Shire Lanka for a month."
Scootaloo says: "If I'm not on it, they'll have to go without me."
Apple Bloom says: "Then we're comin' with ya!"
Scootaloo says: "Are you sure?"
Scootaloo says: "I don't want to get you in trouble."
Sweetie Belle says: "Rarity won't be mad."
Apple Bloom says: "Applejack neither."
Apple Bloom says: "I bet she'd do the same thing for her friends."
Scootaloo says: "You're the best, you know that?"
Apple Bloom says: "We're the best."
Sweetie Belle says: "Together!"
Aunt Holiday says: "Scootaloo!"
Aunt Holiday says: "What a nice surprise."
Auntie Lofty says: "And I've got a surprise for you!"
Auntie Lofty says: "You three inspired me to finish my quilt."
Auntie Lofty says: "See?"
Auntie Lofty says: "It's Cutie Mark Crusader-themed!"
Aunt Holiday says: "We love hearing stories about all the ponies you've helped."
Aunt Holiday says: "So Lofty decided to celebrate the special job you three do."
Auntie Lofty says: "It's..."
Auntie Lofty says: "still a work-in-progress."
Scootaloo says: "It's not your quilt we're sad about, Auntie Lofty."
Scootaloo says: "Mom and Dad are back."
Scootaloo says: "And they're making me move to Shire Lanka with them!"
Aunt Holiday says: "Snap and Mane are back?"
Aunt Holiday says: "They didn't tell me that."
Scootaloo says: "Oh."
Scootaloo says: "I think the mailpony delivered your letter to my house."
Scootaloo says: "I love my family, but I love being with my friends, too."
Scootaloo says: "I don't want to have to choose."
Auntie Lofty says: "Well, then why don't your parents just stay in Ponyville?"
Scootaloo says: "Their job is too important."
Apple Bloom says: "That's it!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Is this another potion idea?"
Apple Bloom says: "No."
Apple Bloom says: "Scootaloo's parents are the only ponies in Equestria that can do what they do, right?"
Scootaloo says: "Right..."
Apple Bloom says: "Well, so are we!"
Apple Bloom says: "Our cutie marks prove it!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Yeah..."
Sweetie Belle says: "Our job is to help other ponies find their purpose!"
Scootaloo says: "And nopony else can do that!"
Scootaloo says: "So if my parents split us up, it'd be just as bad as them quitting their jobs!"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "Woo-hoo!"
Apple Bloom says: "Now, how do we explain that to 'em?"
Aunt Holiday says: "Oh, you don't have to explain it."
Auntie Lofty says: "They will."
Mane Allgood says: "Feeling better, Scootaloo?"
Scootaloo says: "A little."
Scootaloo says: "I just want to show you something before we go."
Snap Shutter says: "All right, but let's make it swift."
Snap Shutter says: "That train won't wait."
Snap Shutter says: "Sweet Celestia's slippers!"
Mane Allgood says: "What is all this?"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's Cutie Mark Crusader Appreciation Day!"
Rainbow Dash says: "But we couldn't start without all of them here."
Ponies says: "CMCs!"
Ponies says: "CMCs!"
Ponies says: "CMCs!"
Ponies says: "CMCs!"
Ponies says: "CMCs!"
Ponies says: "CMCs!"
Mayor Mare says: "These three ponies share a rare ability to help others find their true purpose."
Mayor Mare says: "It's a job only they can do, and only together."
Mane Allgood says: "That sounds familiar."
Mayor Mare says: "In honor of all they have done and continue to do for the ponies of this town, I would like to present the Cutie Mark Crusaders with a three-handled Key to the City!"
Snap Shutter says: "A full Wonderbolt salute!"
Aunt Holiday says: "Oh, I'm not sure you know just how important Scootaloo and her friends are, little brother."
Auntie Lofty says: "But you're about to find out."
Skeedaddle says: "The CMCs used their free time to set up a camp to help us blank flanks find our cutie marks."
Skeedaddle says: "The Cutie Mark Crusaders see the best in everypony, even when that pony can't see it in themselves."
Snap Shutter says: "Well, I'll be a three-tailed bandicoot."
Snap Shutter says: "I had no idea how important Scoot's club was."
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, it's way more than just a club."
Rainbow Dash says: "The CMCs have made a difference for everypony here."
Terramar says: "And not just ponies."
Terramar says: "They help everycreature."
Aunt Holiday says: "Whether it's encouraging others to discover their special talent..."
Auntie Lofty says: "..."
Auntie Lofty says: "or inspiring them to do what's in their heart..."
Aunt Holiday says: "..."
Aunt Holiday says: "these three offer the town something no other pony can."
Rainbow Dash says: "No way!"
Rainbow Dash says: "After all that, you're still gonna make her leave?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Mane Allgood says: "We just want what's best for Scootaloo."
Mane Allgood says: "And until now, we thought we knew what that was."
Snap Shutter says: "Turns out you're just like us, Scoot."
Snap Shutter says: "You have an important job that only you can do."
Snap Shutter says: "You love it, and it helps all of Equestria."
Mane Allgood says: "Sometimes that means missing out on other things you love, like watching our daughter grow into a pony we're very proud of."
Snap Shutter says: "Which is a long way to say..."
Snap Shutter says: "Scoot, if you want to stay, we understand."
Scootaloo says: "Thanks, Dad!"
Scootaloo says: "Thanks, Mom!"
Mane Allgood says: "Oh, sweetie, I'm just sorry we didn't realize it sooner."
Snap Shutter says: "Our work is our life's purpose."
Snap Shutter says: "We could never quit."
Snap Shutter says: "So there's no way we can ask you to do the same."
Auntie Lofty says: "Maybe you should've thought of that before you sold the house."
Aunt Holiday says: "Lofty, don't tease my brother."
Aunt Holiday says: "We already have a solution worked out."
Auntie Lofty says: "Since the CMCs make Ponyville such a nice place, we've decided to move here."
Aunt Holiday says: "You can live with us, Scootaloo."
Aunt Holiday says: "If you'd like."
Scootaloo says: "That would be amazing!"
Scootaloo says: "Will you..."
Scootaloo says: "still come and visit?"
Mane Allgood says: "Of course!"
Snap Shutter says: "Rabid bugbears couldn't keep us away."
Apple Bloom says: "You get to stay here!"
Sweetie Belle says: "You get to stay here!"
Apple Bloom says: "You get to stay here!"
Sweetie Belle says: "You get to stay here!"
Apple Bloom says: "You get to stay here!"
Sweetie Belle says: "You get to stay here!"
Apple Bloom says: "Uh..."
Apple Bloom says: "you are stayin' here, right?"
Scootaloo says: "Are you kidding?"
Scootaloo says: "CMCs forever!"