Cozy Glow says: "Where are ya goin'?"
Grogar says: "Since you three were unable to retrieve my Bewitching Bell, we need another source of great magical power to defeat Twilight and her friends."
Cozy Glow says: "He's gone!"
Lord Tirek says: "I don't trust him."
Cozy Glow says: "None of us do."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Which is why double-crossing him with his own bell will be so satisfying."
Lord Tirek says: "If we can figure out how to use it."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Hmmm..."
Cozy Glow says: "Twilight Sparkle may be the worst, but she does know stuff."
Cozy Glow says: "She once said the Archives in Canterlot has a restricted area."
Lord Tirek says: "Celestia and Luna love to hoard information for themselves."
Lord Tirek says: "If there's an answer, it's there."
Queen Chrysalis says: "My triumphant return to Canterlot?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "I like the sound of that."
Cozy Glow says: "Oh, my gosh!"
Cozy Glow says: "Road trip!"
Princess Celestia says: "Sorry to interrupt."
Princess Celestia says: "We know you're busy planning the Summer Sun Celebration as we requested."
Princess Celestia says: "But..."
Princess Luna says: "Oh!"
Princess Luna says: "Things seem, uh, calmer than we would've expected."
Spike says: "No complaints here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "With the exception of the odd trivia night, I've made a lot of progress since the Royal Swanifying Ceremony."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You may not know this about me, but I occasionally freak out."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That was a joke."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I wanted to show you with the Summer Sun Celebration how much I've improved."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So I focused on delegating and trusting others."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's been great!"
Princess Luna says: "That's..."
Princess Luna says: "actually what we came to talk to you about."
Princess Luna says: "This may be the last Summer Sun Celebration you'll need to plan."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Did I do something wrong?"
Princess Celestia says: "Of course not."
Princess Celestia says: "It's just that the Celebration has always been about us."
Princess Celestia says: "My defeat of Luna..."
Princess Luna says: "..."
Princess Luna says: "and, thanks to you and your friends, my reunion with my sister."
Princess Celestia says: "Now that we're leaving, we don't see a need for the holiday any longer."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now that you're..."
Princess Celestia says: "My sister and I have decided."
Princess Celestia says: "The time for us to retire is upon us."
Princess Celestia says: "You and your friends have proven you are ready to lead Equestria."
Princess Celestia says: "So let this be the last Summer Sun Celebration as Equestria leaves behind the old to embrace the new!"
Rarity says: "My goodness!"
Rarity says: "How are you feeling about all this?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Something like this could definitely send you into full freaky-outy mode!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm actually fine."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But if this is gonna be the last Summer Sun Celebration, I want to make sure it's the best Celebration ever!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Please-don't-give-us-more-work..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Please-don't-give-us-more-work..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Please-don't-give-us-more-work..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So, even though everything was done, I thought of a few last-minute changes I could use your help with."
Rainbow Dash says: "I knew it!"
Discord says: "Oh, the end of a beloved holiday?"
Discord says: "Last-minute changes to a celebration?"
Discord says: "That sounds positively chaotic!"
Applejack says: "What are you doin' here?"
Discord says: "I've known Celestia and Luna longer than any of you."
Discord says: "I terrorized them, they turned me into stone..."
Discord says: "If this is the last Summer Sun Situation, I simply can't miss it."
Discord says: "Well, I see I've arrived just in time for the "Twilight gives her friends an impossibly long and overly detailed list" predicament."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I guess some draconequus isn't the know-it-all he thinks he is."
Rainbow Dash says: "This is it?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What?"
Rainbow Dash says: "We were kinda with Discord on this one."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No more crazy lists."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No more freaking out."
Twilight Sparkle says: "With your help, I know we've got this."
Discord says: "Character growth is so boring."
Discord says: "Do I at least get my own note card?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "There."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now, I need to go rewrite my speech."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But if you all look at your cards, you'll see—"
Discord says: "Can't talk now."
Discord says: "Have so much to get done before sunrise."
Lord Tirek says: "Why are so many ponies up in the middle of the night?"
Cozy Glow says: "It's that silly sun holiday."
Queen Chrysalis says: "How many holidays do you ponies have?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "No matter."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Getting into the castle won't be a problem."
Lord Tirek says: "Are you sure about that?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Oh."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Those are new."
Queen Chrysalis says: "But even so..."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Transfer."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Have to head inside."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Open up."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Right."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Of course."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Uh, do yours get glitchy too?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "More medallions, more problems, am I right?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "They've increased security into the castle."
Queen Chrysalis says: "This is going to be more challenging than I thought."
Rainbow Dash says: "Could you not go popping us all over the place, please?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Discord says: "Time is of the essence."
Discord says: "Let's go, team!"
Fluttershy says: "We need to know what we're doing before we go and do it."
Applejack says: "Pinkie, you and I are givin' Braeburn and the Appleloosan ponies some adjustments to the menu."
Rainbow Dash says: "Fluttershy and I are meeting the Pegasi from Cloudsdale to give them changes to the weather."
Rarity says: "Spike, we're going to update the Flaming Sky Firework Unicorn Troupe with Twilight's new vision."
Discord says: "And I'm supposed to..."
Discord says: ""make sure Discord doesn't do anything 'Discord-y'"?"
Discord says: "Well, that's annoyingly specific!"
Lord Tirek says: "Increased security on a crowded holiday with Twilight and her friends bumbling around?"
Lord Tirek says: "This is impossible."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Oh, no."
Queen Chrysalis says: "This is perfect."
Queen Chrysalis says: "We need a distraction, and those ridiculous ponies just gave it to us."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Now, do exactly as I tell you."
Pinkie Pie says: "Step away from the wagons!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Official food-tasters here on official food-tasting business!"
Braeburn says: "Well, it ain't gonna be easy."
Braeburn says: "But I think we can whip up these new cookies Twilight wants before sunrise."
Applejack says: "If anypony can handle some last-minute bakin', Braeburn, it's y'all."
Braeburn says: "We brought plenty for the Celebration."
Braeburn says: "But if she keeps testin', we might be in trouble."
Pinkie Pie says: "But I see a suspicious-looking cookie!"
Braeburn says: "You okay?"
Apple Honey says: "I feel weak all of a sudden..."
Braeburn says: "Is somepony back there?"
Apple Cobbler says: "What is it?"
Braeburn says: "Everypony..."
Braeburn says: "get away from the food..."
Braeburn says: "'til we figure out what's goin' on..."
Braeburn says: "!"
Feather Flatterfly says: "The princess wants what?!"
Feather Flatterfly says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Just what's on that little card."
Rainbow Dash says: "No big deal."
Feather Flatterfly says: "No big d-d—"
Feather Flatterfly says: "?!"
Feather Flatterfly says: "!"
Feather Flatterfly says: "I-I-It's a m-much more aggressive weather pattern than what was originally ordered!"
Feather Flatterfly says: "This..."
Feather Flatterfly says: "This is..."
Feather Flatterfly says: "very irregular!"
Feather Flatterfly says: "We'll need to..."
Feather Flatterfly says: "No, first we must..."
Feather Flatterfly says: "Wait!"
Feather Flatterfly says: "We ca—"
Fluttershy says: "Take a breath."
Fluttershy says: "Let it out slowly."
Feather Flatterfly says: "Tell the princess we will do our best."
Fluttershy says: "We're sure you're doing an excellent job."
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, yeah, totally."
Rainbow Dash says: "You're not gonna panic and screw it up at all!"
Feather Flatterfly says: "I..."
Feather Flatterfly says: "I..."
Feather Flatterfly says: "I'm not built for high-pressure situations!"
Cozy Glow says: "Golly."
Cozy Glow says: "Sounds like you need some help."
Feather Flatterfly says: "Who are you?"
Cozy Glow says: "Somepony who's organized enough to handle the small stuff so you can focus on the big picture!"
Feather Flatterfly says: "The big..."
Feather Flatterfly says: "Yes!"
Feather Flatterfly says: "That sounds right!"
Cozy Glow says: "This kind of weather has to be handled delicately."
Cozy Glow says: "Good thing I'm here."
Cozy Glow says: "I'll take care of everything."
Spike says: "Whoa!"
Rarity says: "The Flaming Sky Firework Troupe is a marvel."
Fire Flare says: "We take pride in what we do."
Spike says: "These last-minute changes aren't too challenging, are they?"
Fire Flare says: "Ha!"
Fire Flare says: "The more challenging, the better!"
Fire Flare says: "We aim to astound!"
Fire Flare says: "Now, if you don't mind, we do have a new routine to prepare."
Fire Flare says: "Horns at the ready!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Very impressive."
Fire Flare says: "Thank you."
Fire Flare says: "Unfortunately, we have no room for anypony else at this time..."
Fire Flare says: "I'm sorry?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Crackle Cosette."
Queen Chrysalis says: "And I don't want to join your silly little troupe."
Fire Flare says: "Pardon me?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Oh, I meant no offense."
Queen Chrysalis says: "It just seems a pity for unicorns to waste their talents on something so..."
Queen Chrysalis says: "inconsequential."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Unicorns wield magic."
Queen Chrysalis says: "We are the most powerful ponies in the land."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Don't you ever feel you're destined for more than..."
Queen Chrysalis says: "performances?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's all coming together."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I really think this is gonna be the best Summer Sun Celebration ever!"
Rarity says: "You've done an outstanding job."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We've all done an outstanding job!"
Discord says: "And what about me?"
Discord says: "You'll be happy to know that I have been watching myself all night, and I have yet to do one "Discord-y" thing."
Princess Luna says: "Now, that truly is amazing."
Princess Celestia says: "Twilight, we know you had, uh,  difficulties using the amulet to raise the sun and moon."
Princess Celestia says: "We thought perhaps a practice session before the festivities might be in order."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "a good idea."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thank you all so much."
Applejack says: "I sure am proud o' her."
Spike says: "Yeah!"
Spike says: "She finally realizes things will turn out fine, even when she isn't micromanaging every little detail."
Applejack says: "Braeburn?"
Applejack says: "W-What's wrong?"
Braeburn says: "Earth ponies sick..."
Braeburn says: "Food missin'..."
Braeburn says: "Can't..."
Braeburn says: "bake..."
Braeburn says: "anythin'..."
Royal Guard says: "Something is wrong with the weather!"
Royal Guard says: "Storms, hurricanes, fog – you name it!"
Royal Guard says: "It's a disaster out there!"
Fire Flare says: "Rarity!"
Fire Flare says: "Please inform her highness that we will not be performing!"
Fire Flare says: "A simple fireworks show is beneath us!"
Fire Flare says: "We're better than that!"
Applejack says: "What the..."
Applejack says: "?"
Applejack says: "Everything was fine a minute ago!"
Fluttershy says: "Apparently, a lot can change in a minute."
Rainbow Dash says: "It's total chaos out there!"
Discord says: "Don't look at me."
Fluttershy says: "What are we gonna do?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Do about what?"
Spike says: "What are you doing here?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I forgot these."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You guys okay?"
Applejack says: "Twilight, w-we're sorry, but—"
Rainbow Dash says: "But, uh, we don't know what to do now that everything's all ready!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I guess I was too organized."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'll try to come up with a few last-minute errands for you before sunrise."
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, that's a relief!"
Applejack says: "Explain to me why we didn't tell her the truth."
Rarity says: "Oh, Twilight is finally learning not to let her stress get the better of her."
Rarity says: "If she finds out everything went wrong, it could be devastating!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, she would be so upset."
Rainbow Dash says: "She'll totally freak out!"
Applejack says: "Well, what do y'all suggest?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh, ooh, ooh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Let's just fix it all before she notices."
Pinkie Pie says: "No lying necessary."
Applejack says: "I guess."
Spike says: "We'd need a miracle."
Rainbow Dash says: "We have a miracle!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Don't we?"
Discord says: "I suppose I could fix everything."
Discord says: "But isn't the real miracle here the miracle of teamwork and character growth?"
Rainbow Dash says: "OH, COME ON!"
Fluttershy says: "Discord is right."
Fluttershy says: "Twilight needs us."
Fluttershy says: "Whatever happened, we can fix this."
Spike says: "What did happen?"
Cozy Glow says: "Best..."
Cozy Glow says: "road trip..."
Cozy Glow says: "ever!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Even if I was an actual doctor, I would have no idea what's wrong."
Applejack says: "There's gotta be a reason."
Applejack says: "Something got 'em all sick."
Applejack says: "Maybe the food?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I ate the food, too!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Does that mean I'm sick?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, nooo!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Nope!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I feel fine."
Feather Flatterfly says: "I don't know how this happened!"
Feather Flatterfly says: "I'm gonna be fired for..."
Feather Flatterfly says: "for sure!"
Fluttershy says: "Rainbow Dash and the Wonderbolts will have all the weather rounded up any minute."
Rainbow Dash says: "Or not!"
Cozy Glow says: "Not here."
Cozy Glow says: "The Archives are in a different part of the castle."
Rarity says: "What about "aiming for perfection"?"
Fire Flare says: "We've set our sights higher."
Spike says: "Higher than perfection?"
Fire Flare says: "Higher than putting on a silly little show for the other ponies."
Rarity says: "But you were so excited before."
Rarity says: "What changed?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You two just enjoy the festivities."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I have a few surprises in store for—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes, Discord?"
Discord says: "Oh, well, don't mind me."
Discord says: "I'm just here for the chaos."
Discord says: "And here we go!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What is Rainbow Dash doing?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie, is this soup?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yes!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I..."
Pinkie Pie says: "was really hungry?"
Rarity says: "Nopony understands wanting to take pride in your work more than I do!"
Unicorn 1 says: "You could do more with your magic than make frilly dresses!"
Rarity says: "Oh, pffft."
Rarity says: "Nopony makes frills anymore."
Rarity says: "This season's actually all about simplicity—"
Spike says: "Not the point, Rarity!"
Feather Flatterfly says: "Princess!"
Feather Flatterfly says: "I beg your forgiveness!"
Feather Flatterfly says: "It's entirely my fault!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What is?"
Feather Flatterfly says: "That!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, um, just a slight hiccup in the weather."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Applejack, what is going on?"
Applejack says: "I told y'all this was a bad idea!"
Applejack says: "But nopony ever listens to me!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I thought everything was fine!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What is going on?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Applejack says: "Everythin' was goin' fine."
Pinkie Pie says: "Until it totally wasn't."
Fluttershy says: "We tried to fix it ourselves."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why didn't you tell me?"
Rainbow Dash says: "We didn't want you to freak out."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And you thought not telling me everything was a total disaster would avoid a freak-out?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Spike says: "When you say it like that, it sounds like a really bad plan."
Discord says: "Here it comes!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know how I used to react, but I really have changed."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Panicking won't solve anything."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But we can handle whatever problems come our way as long as we handle them together!"
Princess Celestia says: "Spoken like a true leader."
Princess Celestia says: "How can we help?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I love a good to-do list."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So tell me exactly what happened so we can figure out exactly what "to do" to fix it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "This Celebration has always been a reminder not to fear the night, for there is always a new day to look forward to."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But as we look towards Equestria's future, I am sad to say today will be the last Summer Sun Celebration."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Because there is something even more important to celebrate."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There are two ponies who have watched over us night and day for as long as we can remember."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We will no longer commemorate their battle or their reunion."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Instead, we will take this day to celebrate how much they mean to all of us."
Twilight Sparkle says: "From this day forward, today will be known as the Festival of the Two Sisters!"
Princess Celestia says: "We don't know what to say."
Pinkie Pie says: "A brand new holiday?"
Pinkie Pie says: "You're my kind of princess!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm just glad we pulled it off."
Applejack says: "About that..."
Applejack says: "We just wanted to say we're real sorry."
Rarity says: "You did tell us you'd changed."
Fluttershy says: "As your friends, we should've trusted you."
Rainbow Dash says: "Next time you say you're not gonna freak out, we'll believe you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Good."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Because I'm sure there's gonna be plenty of things I'll need my best friends' help with."
Pinkie Pie says: "Whee-hee!"
Mane Six except Pinkie Pie says: "Aah!"
Discord says: "You know, it really does seem like you just might be ready for whatever comes next, your Majesty."
Cozy Glow says: "Sooooo did you find what you're looking for?"
Grogar says: "Once again, I've found success where you all find failure."
Grogar says: "I have located what I sought, and tomorrow I will set out to retrieve it."
Grogar says: "When I return, Equestria will finally be ours for the taking."
Lord Tirek says: "Hmph!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Oh, stop pouting."
Cozy Glow says: "You knew you couldn't stay that buff."
Cozy Glow says: "You had to return all the life force to those Earth ponies so Grogar doesn't suspect anything."
Lord Tirek says: "I don't have to like it."
Cozy Glow says: "Well, I don't like that we worked so hard to destroy their party and they still pulled it off."
Cozy Glow says: "But you don't see me complaining!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Our goal wasn't to destroy."
Queen Chrysalis says: "It was to distract."
Queen Chrysalis says: "And now we have exactly what we need."
Lord Tirek says: "And no time to waste."
Lord Tirek says: "We have to master the Bell before Grogar returns."
Queen Chrysalis says: "We've managed to stay one step ahead of everypony so far."
Cozy Glow says: "You know, it really was super easy to get all those Earth ponies and Pegasi and unicorns to turn on each other."
Queen Chrysalis says: "It was, wasn't it?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Now that is something to think about..."