Starlight Glimmer says: "Oooh!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Excuse me."
Starlight Glimmer says: "When does the noon train from the Crystal Empire arrive?"
"All Aboard" says: "Uh..."
"All Aboard" says: "noon?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Heh."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Right."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Sorry."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm just a little excited because my friend Sunburst is coming."
Starlight Glimmer says: "He's my oldest friend."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I mean, we've known each other practically forever."
Starlight Glimmer says: "We have tons in common."
Starlight Glimmer says: "We both love magic and games and jokes – everything, really."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Now that I think about it, there isn't a pony in all of Equestria I have more in common with."
Sunburst says: "Starlight?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Sunburst!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You made it!"
Sunburst says: "Of course!"
Sunburst says: "I've been looking forward to this visit for a long time."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Whoa."
Starlight Glimmer says: "How long are you staying?"
Sunburst says: "Uh, just a..."
Sunburst says: "little reading for the train."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's going to be so great spending time together."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Just like old times."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You and me doing the stuff we like – games, magic..."
Sunburst says: "Antiquing."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What?"
Sunburst says: "Antiquing."
Sunburst says: "You know I like antiquing."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You do?"
Sunburst says: "Um, of course!"
Sunburst says: "Historical knickknacks, ancient relics..."
Sunburst says: "Oh!"
Sunburst says: "You are so lucky!"
Sunburst says: "Ponyville is antique central!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "It is?"
Sunburst says: "How have we never talked about this?"
Sunburst says: "We are going antiquing, and you are gonna love it!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Okay."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Let's drop your stuff off at the castle first."
Sunburst says: "Sure."
Sunburst says: "Only..."
Sunburst says: "we may need to make a few of trips."
Sunburst says: "This is so great!"
Sunburst says: "Who knew I'd be the one showing you the cool sights of Ponyville?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm a little surprised myself."
Sunburst says: "Wow!"
Sunburst says: "What a difference between the hoof-molded bricks and the extruded ones, right?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Uh-huh..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Ha-ha..."
Sunburst says: "Oooh!"
Sunburst says: "Check out all these chandeliers!"
Sunburst says: "Sometimes, the crystals have magical properties."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, that's cool."
Starlight Glimmer says: "How do you—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sunburst!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm so glad you're here!"
Sunburst says: "In the antique store?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "In Ponyville!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Starlight's really been looking forward to your visit."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Though I'm glad you're in the antique store, too."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm usually the only one."
Sunburst says: "That's crazy!"
Sunburst says: "Who doesn't like antiquing, right?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oooh, look!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "An ancient map of Equestria made by the Mighty Helm."
Sunburst says: "Without the help of unicorn magic or Pegasus flight, the Earth ponies of the Mighty Helm were able to map the entire coast of Equestria."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Coooool..."
Sunburst says: "You don't have to pretend to like all this stuff."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "No!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I do like it."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I mean, if you like it, I like it."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Besides, we've almost looked at everything, right?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, wow!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You have got to see this Saddle Arabian vanity!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "This shop looked a lot smaller from the outside."
Sunburst says: "Did you see this Palominian letter opener?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wow!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That goes well with this ancient phoenix feather quill!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We could write to each other!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pen pals!"
Sunburst says: "Pen pals!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Um, I-I really like this old-timey barrel."
Sunburst says: "Actually, the stuff I bought is inside the barrel."
Sunburst says: "But I can't wait to see what it is!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Wait."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You don't know what you bought?"
Sunburst says: "Mm-mmm."
Sunburst says: "It's a blind buy."
Sunburst says: "Sometimes shops get too busy to go through everything, so they load up a box or barrel and sell it without knowing what's inside."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Buying one is sort of like a treasure hunt."
Sunburst says: "Once I found a first edition History of Equestria in the original Olde Ponish."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hliet foresettan pliht!"
Sunburst says: "It's an Olde Ponish saying."
Sunburst says: ""Reward prefers risk!"
Sunburst says: "" Uh, it loses something in the translation."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Mm."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why don't we look through this stuff later?"
Sunburst says: "Yeah."
Sunburst says: "What do you want to do, Starlight?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, I don't know if you're gonna remember this, but..."
Sunburst says: "Is this..."
Sunburst says: "?!"
Sunburst says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Dragon Pit!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I remember that game."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You two used to play it?"
Sunburst says: "Pretty much any time we weren't working on magic."
Sunburst says: "I can't believe you found a copy!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Sunburst would get so excited whenever his dragon got trapped, he knocked the whole board over."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's adorable."
Sunburst says: "Uh, well, it's an exciting game."
Sunburst says: "But I have a little more control over my horn now."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Uh-oh!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Somepony's dragon's gonna get trapped!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Doesn't seem so exciting to m—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Aaah!"
Sunburst says: "Huh."
Sunburst says: "I guess it is adorable."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I hope you're enjoying your visit so far."
Sunburst says: "Are you kidding?"
Sunburst says: "I mean, first antiquing and then spending time with Twilight?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Yeah."
Starlight Glimmer says: "She's pretty great."
Sunburst says: "Right?"
Sunburst says: "I mean, I know she's a princess, but I never thought she'd be so fun to just hang out with."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, she is the Princess of Friendship."
Sunburst says: "Right."
Sunburst says: "I guess that makes sense."
Starlight Glimmer says: "So tomorrow I thought—"
Sunburst says: "I suppose I'm just surprised at how well we get along."
Sunburst says: "I don't have much in common with most ponies."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You two are pretty similar."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I don't know many ponies who are fluent in Olde Ponish."
Sunburst says: "Exactly!"
Sunburst says: "I probably have more in common with Twilight than any pony in Equestria!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Right..."
Sunburst says: "Ponyville might be small, but there's a lot to do."
Sunburst says: "Maybe we should ask Twilight what she recommends we see!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Um..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "sure."
Sunburst says: "Great!"
Sunburst says: "Good night, Starlight."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Um..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Good night."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Knock, knock!"
Sunburst says: "Is it morning already?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Yup!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Maybe a bit early, but like you said, there's a lot to see in Ponyville."
Sunburst says: "Uh..."
Sunburst says: "Right."
Sunburst says: "Okay."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Plus, I couldn't really sleep."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I just kept thinking about all the stuff we have in common and how much fun we'll have today."
Sunburst says: "Great."
Sunburst says: "Uh, is Twilight up yet?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Actually, I'm pretty sure she's busy with princess stuff today."
Sunburst says: "Oh."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But I've got a full day of stuff planned."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Just you and me."
Sunburst says: "Uh, great."
Sunburst says: "Um, would you mind turning around or preferably..."
Sunburst says: "leaving the room so I could get changed?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Right!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Sorry."
Starlight Glimmer says: "One genuine Sweet Apple Acres apple tree!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Because we used to drink so much apple juice as foals?"
Sunburst says: "Uh, I don't remember that."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Really?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I mean, it was all we drank."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Here."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Try an apple."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I bet that'll jog your memory."
Trixie says: "Ow."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Trixie?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What are you doing here?"
Trixie says: "Huh."
Trixie says: "I often seek the privacy of the orchard to practice new feats of amazement."
Trixie says: "And also, I fell asleep."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, Sunburst and I were just catching up, so—"
Trixie says: "I don't suppose the two of you want to see a never-before-witnessed magical marvel?"
Sunburst says: "Sure!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Why not?"
Trixie says: "Behold, visiting friend from Starlight's past, and be amazed by the Great and Powerful – and current best friend of Starlight – Trixie!"
Trixie says: "I give you..."
Trixie says: "the Unicorn Escape!"
Trixie says: "The Great and Powerful Trixie requires a little assistance."
Sunburst says: "I know this trick."
Sunburst says: "There's a special link, but I could never hold the chain up long enough to find it."
Trixie says: "Well, if I could do magic like that, I'd have a whole slew of new tricks at my disposal."
Sunburst says: "I always liked close-up magic because I knew I could do it if I just practiced enough."
Trixie says: "Starlight, why didn't you tell me how much Sunburst and I had in common?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Gee."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I don't know."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I know Trixie's "magic" is, you know, fun."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But the Mirror Pool is actual magic."
Sunburst says: "Whoa."
Sunburst says: "This place is pure pony lore."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Yup."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I mean, it's supposed to be all dangerous, and I guess I shouldn't have broken the seal to get in, but you wanted to see the sights of Ponyville, right?"
Sunburst says: "So, Pinkie Pie just dove in and made copies of herself?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Mm-hmm."
Starlight Glimmer says: "If we made copies of ourselves, we could get a year's worth of hanging out over in one day."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Uh, not that we would."
Sunburst says: "Do you hear that?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I hope it's not a leftover Pinkie Pie."
Maud Pie says: "Not exactly."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Maud!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "How did you get in here?"
Maud Pie says: "This cavern's actually connected to mine."
Sunburst says: "Uh, what are you doing?"
Maud Pie says: "Tapping."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Maud isn't super chatty."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I mean, you and I could sit around and talk all day, but she looks pretty busy."
Sunburst says: "Are you taking some kind of core sample?"
Maud Pie says: "Not exactly."
Maud Pie says: "I'm uncovering this section of strata for closer study."
Maud Pie says: "You might want to step back."
Maud Pie says: "I'm studying this area's metamorphic—"
Sunburst says: "—"
Sunburst says: "foliation."
Sunburst says: "Is this gneiss, phyllite, or slate?"
Sunburst says: "Wow."
Sunburst says: "The pressure above must be pretty uniform to get the planar fabric to be this consistent."
Maud Pie says: "You know about geology?"
Sunburst says: "Eh, I dabble."
Sunburst says: "For example, by the speleothems in this cave, I kind of figured there was another way out."
Maud Pie says: "Because of the calcite deposits."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Starlight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Where's Sunburst?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Doing stage magic with Trixie?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Studying new rocks with Maud?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You're here, so I guess you two aren't off translating some ancient Olde Ponish text."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What are you talking about?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why would Sunburst be doing any of that?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I thought he came to Ponyville to see you."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I thought so, too, but it hasn't worked out that way."
Starlight Glimmer says: "When we were foals, we had more in common than any two ponies in Equestria."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But now, it seems like he's got more in common with my friends than he does with me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everypony changes, but that doesn't mean there aren't still things you both like."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You both love magic, right?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Magic?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sure."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're really good at it, and Sunburst practically knows every spell that ever was."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You're right!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Thanks, Twilight!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You're the best!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Heh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I try."
Sunburst says: "Starlight, what happened?"
Sunburst says: "Maud and I found some fascinating sedimentary stratum, but when I turned to show you, you were gone."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Maud does have a way of making rocks really interesting, but I wanted to work on something a little more "us"."
Sunburst says: "What's this?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Just a little something I made up."
Sunburst says: "Whoa!"
Sunburst says: "You made up this spell?"
Sunburst says: "Just now?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Yup!"
Sunburst says: "Wow."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I know, right?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "But wait, there's more!"
Young Starlight Glimmer says: "Cool, right?!"
Young Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Young Sunburst says: "Um..."
Young Sunburst says: "sure."
Young Starlight Glimmer says: "Now we can play Dragon Pit!"
Young Starlight Glimmer says: "Just like we used to!"
Young Sunburst says: "Actually, I thought we could go with Maud and—"
Young Starlight Glimmer says: "I mean, nothing was better than just you and me playing this game when we were foals, right?"
Young Sunburst says: "Starlight."
Young Starlight Glimmer says: "Do you what to be red or blue?"
Young Sunburst says: "Starlight!"
Young Sunburst says: "I don't want to play the game at all!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What's going on in here?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Nothing."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I was trying to have fun doing the one thing I thought we still had in common, but I guess we don't even have that anymore."
Sunburst says: "I don't understand."
Sunburst says: "Starlight and I have known each other since we were foals, but that doesn't mean we have to be foals to hang out."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh, Starlight does have a tendency to overdo."
Sunburst says: "I mean, it is surprising how well I get along with all of her friends, but she and I still have tons in common."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe you just need to remind her what those things are."
Sunburst says: "That's it!"
Sunburst says: "That's exactly what I'll do!"
Sunburst says: "Uh, right after I think of them."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh-oh."
Trixie says: "Obviously you and I hit it off."
Trixie says: "I am quite impressive."
Trixie says: "And we share a love for prestidigitation."
Sunburst says: "Right."
Sunburst says: "And Starlight and I share a lot of things, too."
Sunburst says: "I just need to think of them."
Sunburst says: "What else do you guys have in common?"
Trixie says: "Well, we've both made not-so-great choices in the past."
Trixie says: "And we're self-conscious about everypony judging us, even though we've both changed and are trying hard to be better."
Sunburst says: "Yeah, we don't really have that."
Trixie says: "Hmph!"
Trixie says: "I can think of something you have in common."
Trixie says: "You're both poor practice audiences."
Maud Pie says: "Starlight and I don't really have a lot in common."
Maud Pie says: "Other than feeling different from most ponies."
Maud Pie says: "And comedy."
Sunburst says: "Comedy?"
Maud Pie says: "I'm very funny."
Sunburst says: "Was that a joke?"
Maud Pie says: "No."
Sunburst says: "Oh."
Sunburst says: "Well, that's more than I can think of that she and I have in common."
Maud Pie says: "We don't really spend that much time talking about that, though."
Maud Pie says: "Mostly we're just comfortable around each other."
Sunburst says: "We used to be."
Sunburst says: "We did everything together."
Sunburst says: "But now I'm wondering if we've spent so much time apart that we don't connect over anything anymore."
Sunburst says: "And if we can't connect over anything, then maybe we're not even friends!"
Maud Pie says: "Well, at least it's not serious."
Maud Pie says: "That was a joke."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I appreciate you trying to help, Twilight."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But it seems pretty clear that Sunburst and I have grown apart."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I understand."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I feel like that only happens if you both let it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You still want to be friends, right?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I created a spell so we could relive playing a game in our childhood home..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "and bodies."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Right..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm just not sure Sunburst wants to stay friends, too."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think you might be surprised."
Maud Pie says: "Prepare yourself..."
Trixie says: "..."
Trixie says: "for the new and improved Dragon Pit!"
Sunburst says: "We had to take out a few spaces to get it to fit, but you hardly miss them."
Sunburst says: "Maud made the dice."
Maud Pie says: "Pumice is the lightest igneous rock."
Maud Pie says: "It seemed the best choice."
Trixie says: "And I added the special effects."
Trixie says: "There's nothing like a little well-placed magic smoke."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Looks like somepony's dragon is going to get trapped."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I thought you didn't want to play this game."
Sunburst says: "Well, I didn't want to pretend to be a foal, but I know you wanted to play."
Sunburst says: "I thought it'd be fun to play a version big enough for full-grown ponies."
Sunburst says: "What do you think?"
Sunburst says: "Fun, right?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Actually, it's missing something."
Sunburst says: "Aaaah!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Now it's fun."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I don't know why I got so worried about us not having anything in common."
Sunburst says: "Yeah."
Sunburst says: "I kind of think it doesn't matter as long as we enjoy each other's company."
Trixie says: "And that game was certainly enjoyable."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What made it even better was getting to play it with all my friends."
Sunburst says: "See you soon?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You bet."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I want to hear if you find anything interesting in that barrel."
Sunburst says: "Trust me, Starlight."
Sunburst says: "You'll be the first to know."