Pinkie Pie says: "La, la-la, la-la!"
Pinkie Pie says: "La, la-la, la-la, la la-la la-la!"
Pinkie Pie says: "This is gonna be so great, Gummy!"
Pinkie Pie says: "We have absolutely nothing to do today except bake!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I've been waiting for just the right time to finally try Granny Pie's super-special triple-chocolate, fifteen-layer marjolaine recipe!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's gonna be amazing!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Let's see."
Pinkie Pie says: "Nutty meringue, chocolate ganache, praline and nuts, cocoa-flavored buttercream..."
Pinkie Pie says: "An hour per layer – that's fifteen hours of pure baking bliss!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Okay, Gummy, I think we're ready to start prepping the second layer!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, my gosh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "My cutie mark!"
Pinkie Pie says: "The map!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Uh, Gummy?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Could you take over for a bit?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hopefully this'll be quick."
Pinkie Pie says: "I'll just measure the baking powder for you..."
Pinkie Pie says: "..."
Pinkie Pie says: "and when the first layer cools, you can drizzle some of the ganache over it."
Pinkie Pie says: "And don't forget to beat the egg whites for the meringue!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I know you can do this, Gummy!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You're the best alligator baker I've ever met!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is so exciting."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The map is summoning you to Griffonstone, the very heart of the griffon kingdom!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know if either of you have read "Bygone Griffons of Greatness", but griffons were known to be—"
Rainbow Dash says: "Rude, insensitive bullies?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You mean Gilda?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, I mean Gilda!"
Rainbow Dash says: "When she came to Ponyville, she was a total jerk to all my friends, especially Pinkie Pie!"
Pinkie Pie says: "She was a bit of a party pooper."
Rainbow Dash says: "Mm-hmm."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So, maybe Gilda was a little rude."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You still get to go to Griffonstone, and according to this book, it has a rich, fascinating history!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "In ancient times, griffons were known to be as greedy as dragons, always hoarding their bits and other treasures."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But all that changed when King Grover found the mysterious golden Idol of Boreas."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Legend says the Idol of Boreas was made from the dust of golden sunsets, blown across the mountains by the north winds."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Possessing the Idol of Boreas filled the griffons' hearts with pride."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's said that that one great treasure is responsible for turning Griffonstone into the most majestic kingdom of all the land."
Rainbow Dash says: "And why do you care so much about griffons anyway?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It was actually Gilda's visit that made me curious."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So I picked up "Bygone Griffons of Greatness", and I've been hooked ever since!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And now..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now you two get to see Griffonstone with your very own eyes."
Pinkie Pie says: "Huh?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Just me and Rainbow Dash?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey, you can totally take my place if you want."
Rainbow Dash says: "I still have half a nap to finish."
Pinkie Pie says: "Why don't you just come with us?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I mean, you are the Princess of Friendship."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No, no, if the map wanted me to go to the coolest kingdom in all of Equestria and tour the palace and see the actual idol that unites an entire species, which would be super amazing, I'm sure it would've said so."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You two can handle whatever the issue is just fine."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'll stay here and do important princessy things."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I guess."
Pinkie Pie says: "Well then, come on, Dashie!"
Pinkie Pie says: "We're going to Griffonstone!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Fine..."
Pinkie Pie says: "That's the spirit!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whatcha reading, Rainbow?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Twilight literally wrote a book on what we need to do in Griffonstone."
Pinkie Pie says: "You mean like a guide on how to figure out what problem we're supposed to fix?"
Rainbow Dash says: "And then some."
Rainbow Dash says: "It's like Twilight herself in book form."
Rainbow Dash says: ""Always carry plenty of bits."
Rainbow Dash says: "The griffons are sure to help you as long as you share the wealth."
Pinkie Pie says: "Uh, can I borrow some bits?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Photo op!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And don't forget to sample some famous griffon scones."
Twilight Sparkle says: "They're supposed to be the best."
Pinkie Pie says: "Aw, Twilight should've come along!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Then she could see first-hoof that Griffonstone is..."
Pinkie Pie says: "..."
Pinkie Pie says: "a total dump!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh."
Rainbow Dash says: "Maybe the map should've called Rarity instead of us."
Pinkie Pie says: "Excuse me, sir?"
Pinkie Pie says: "This is Griffonstone, right?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Well, that wasn't very nice."
Rainbow Dash says: "See?"
Rainbow Dash says: "These griffons are exactly like I'd thought they'd be."
Pinkie Pie says: "Maybe we should just find the palace so we can ask the king what's going on."
Gilda says: "We don't have a king, losers."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hello, Gilda."
Gilda says: "Dash."
Pinkie Pie says: "Pinkie!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What are you doing here?"
Gilda says: "Uh, I'm a griffon?"
Gilda says: "What's your excuse, dweebs?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hey!"
Pinkie Pie says: "These 'dweebs' are here to help Griffonstone!"
Gilda says: "Help it what?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Well..."
Pinkie Pie says: "we're not really sure!"
Pinkie Pie says: "But it involves a map and our cutie marks and a problem, and—"
Gilda says: "Bored now!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Well if you don't have a king, could you at least tell us where the Idol of Boreas is?"
Gilda says: "Ha-ha!"
Gilda says: "Don't tell me you really believe in that thing."
Grampa Gruff says: "You'd better believe in it!"
Grampa Gruff says: "It was the best thing to ever happen to us griffons!"
Gilda says: "Oh, great."
Gilda says: "Now you got Grampa Gruff started!"
Grampa Gruff says: "I'll tell you the whole tragic tale..."
Grampa Gruff says: "..."
Grampa Gruff says: "for a couple of bits."
Grampa Gruff says: "The first griffon king, King Grover, united our kind like we've never been united before or since!"
Grampa Gruff says: "And he did it all with that incredible Idol of Boreas."
Grampa Gruff says: "That idol brought pride to the heart of every griffon that saw it!"
Grampa Gruff says: "From one king to the next, Griffonstone had our golden idol."
Grampa Gruff says: "We were the envy of all other species."
Grampa Gruff says: "It held us together – it gave us an identity – right up until the reign of King Guto."
Grampa Gruff says: "That's when Arimaspi came to steal our griffon treasure!"
Grampa Gruff says: "King Guto tried to fight him off, but Arimaspi managed to get away with the idol!"
Grampa Gruff says: "They say when our treasure fell into the Abysmal Abyss, our pride went with it."
Grampa Gruff says: "King Guto was the last king of Griffonstone, and we all lived miserably ever after."
Grampa Gruff says: "The end!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That was the saddest story ever!"
Grampa Gruff says: "Aw, well..."
Grampa Gruff says: "Tough tailfeathers!"
Grampa Gruff says: "No refunds!"
Pinkie Pie says: "No wonder Twilight's book ended with the coronation of King Guto."
Pinkie Pie says: "Who would want to record a history that sad?"
Gilda says: "It's not sad!"
Gilda says: "Do we look sad to you?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Pinkie, I think I know why the map sent us here."
Rainbow Dash says: "We need to find the Idol of Boreas and bring glory and pride back to Griffonstone!"
Gilda says: "Ha-ha."
Gilda says: "Here we go – typical pony hero complex."
Gilda says: "None of us care about that dumb old idol."
Gilda says: "Don't you get it?"
Gilda says: "We don't care about anything, and that's the way we like it!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I think Rainbow Dash is right!"
Pinkie Pie says: "The map sent us here to fix some sort of problem!"
Gilda says: "The only problem Griffonstone has is you!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, I don't care what she says."
Rainbow Dash says: "We're gonna find that treasure, make Griffonstone cool again, and get back to Ponyville!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Come on!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Wait, Rainbow Dash."
Pinkie Pie says: "What about Twilight's advice?"
Rainbow Dash says: "What, taking a bunch of pictures?"
Pinkie Pie says: "She mentioned finding answers at the library."
Rainbow Dash says: "Knock yourself out."
Rainbow Dash says: "But when you get bored with Twilight's tour book, I'll be at the Abysmal Abyss finding the Idol of Boreas."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm here to find your missing idol and save Griffonstone!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, I'll need some rope, a grappling hook, and a guide to take me down to the Abysmal Abyss."
Storekeeper says: "And I'll need some bits."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hey, Gilda!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Word on the street is that Griffonstone has an amazing library chock-full of answers!"
Gilda says: "Word on what street?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Okay, maybe not this street, but on other streets, your library is the talk of the town."
Gilda says: "The library's right there, so why don't you go inside and leave me alone?!"
Gilda says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Aw, King Grover, you old charmer!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I know what Griffonstone needs!"
Gilda says: "Fewer ponies?"
Pinkie Pie says: "A song!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I've got a super song about smiling that sure to make even the most grumpy griffon grin!"
Gilda says: "Can't sing here!"
Pinkie Pie says: "But how do you break into uplifting musical numbers with no singing?"
Gilda says: "Yeah, that's Griffonstone's biggest problem – lack of uplifting musical numbers."
Pinkie Pie says: "Well if I can't sing, how about a party?"
Pinkie Pie says: "If there's one thing these griffons need, it's a good cheer!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Where's your party store?"
Pinkie Pie says: "No party store?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Uh, how about cake?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Nothing cheers folks up like cake!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Where's a bakery?"
Gilda says: "Ugh."
Pinkie Pie says: "No singing, no party store, no bakery?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What is this place?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Gilda says: "You're welcome to leave  at any time!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Well, that just takes the cake."
Pinkie Pie says: "Wait, no!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It can't take the cake 'cause there is no cake!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Or muffins!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Or griffon scones!"
Gilda says: "Oh, we got griffon scones."
Gilda says: "That's my specialty."
Pinkie Pie says: "I'll buy one!"
Gilda says: "Bits first!"
Gilda says: "Well?"
Gilda says: "What, you like it?"
Gilda says: "That's my Grampa Gruff's secret recipe."
Pinkie Pie says: "Ow!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I think I broke a tooth!"
Gilda says: "Well, whatever."
Gilda says: "No refunds."
Gilda says: "I don't even care anyway."
Gilda says: "I just want to sell enough of these so that I can leave this lousy town."
Pinkie Pie says: "I can help you with that!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, you think you could tighten the strap on my helmet?"
Storekeeper says: "Can you give me more bits?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Never mind, I got it."
Rainbow Dash says: "So how deep is this abyss?"
Storekeeper says: "How deep are your pockets?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Don't you griffons ever talk about anything but bits?"
Storekeeper says: "Gimme some bits and I'll answer."
Rainbow Dash says: "No wonder Gilda's such a delight."
Pinkie Pie says: "Grampa Gruff's recipe is good, but it's missing one important ingredient."
Gilda says: "Don't tell me."
Gilda says: ""Friendship"?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Uh, no."
Pinkie Pie says: "Baking powder."
Pinkie Pie says: "Lucky for you, I never leave home without it!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Now just pop those in the oven, and you'll have griffon scones worth their weight in gold!"
Gilda says: "Greta!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Aha!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I saw that, Gilda!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You may act like a gruff, grumbling griffon, but inside you're gracious and great!"
Gilda says: "What are you talking about?"
Pinkie Pie says: "You just helped your friend up when she got knocked down."
Gilda says: "What, her?"
Gilda says: "Greta's just some griffon I know."
Gilda says: "We don't have friends here!"
Gilda says: "I did have a friend once, but you saw how that turned out."
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, my gosh, I gotta go find Rainbow Dash!"
Gilda says: "See ya."
Rainbow Dash says: "You sure we can't just fly down?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Never mind, totally got my answer there."
Rainbow Dash says: "Just gotta find that golden idol and get out of this place."
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoooa!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ow, ooh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "My hoof!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Help!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Throw me another rope!"
Storekeeper says: "You got bits?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Wait!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Heeeeeelp..."
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "There you are!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Forget about finding the idol!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I figured out how to solve Griffonstone's real problem – scones!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Pinkie Pie, you get back here!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yeah?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Can you throw down a rope or something?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Lemme look!"
Pinkie Pie says: "One rope coming up!"
Pinkie Pie says: "We need help."
Pinkie Pie says: "Don't go anywhere!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Where does she think I'm gonna go?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I hope I don't go anywhere!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Rainbow Dash is stuck on a ledge in the Abysmal Abyss, and I need your help to save her!"
Gilda says: "Not my problem."
Pinkie Pie says: "Of course it's your problem!"
Pinkie Pie says: "She's your friend!"
Gilda says: "Used to be."
Pinkie Pie says: "Can't you remember when she was?"
Gilda says: "Yeah."
Gilda says: "Of course."
Young Hoops says: "Doesn't that griffon know she's supposed to fly at the Junior Speedsters Flight Camp?"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "Maybe she just doesn't want to make you look bad!"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "Hey there, I'm Rainbow Dash!"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "And you are..."
Young Rainbow Dash says: "?"
Young Gilda says: "Uh..."
Young Gilda says: "G-G-G-G-Gilda."
Young Rainbow Dash says: "You sure about that?"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "Stick with me, Gilda, and those guys won't give you any more guff."
Young Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa!"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "You're awesome!"
Young Gilda says: "You too, Rainbow Dash!"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "Well, Gilda, let's show these guys how it's done!"
Young Gilda says: "Junior Speedsters, it's our quest to someday be the very best!"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "Junior Speedsters, it's our quest to someday be the very best!"
Gilda says: "Fine."
Gilda says: "I'll help her."
Gilda says: "But that doesn't make me her friend."
Pinkie Pie says: "Duly noted."
Pinkie Pie says: "Except it does!"
Gilda says: "Hang on, loser!"
Gilda says: "I'm coming!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What took you so long, doofus?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Rainbow Dash!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm coming for you!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Gotcha!"
Gilda says: "Hold on, you two!"
Gilda says: "The Idol of Boreas!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm slipping!"
Rainbow Dash says: "The idol!"
Gilda says: "You're more important to me than some dumb chunk of gold."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hugging later, climbing now!"
Gilda says: "I'm really sorry about how I treated you two."
Rainbow Dash says: "Thanks, Gilda."
Pinkie Pie says: "Apology accepted."
Rainbow Dash says: "And I'm just sorry we didn't get your idol back."
Rainbow Dash says: "Now we'll never be able to solve Griffonstone's problem."
Pinkie Pie says: "That's what I was trying to tell you!"
Pinkie Pie says: "The map didn't send us here to find the lost Idol of Boreas."
Pinkie Pie says: "It sent us here to replace it with something better!"
Gilda says: "Nothing's better than gold to a griffon."
Pinkie Pie says: "That's because you don't have friendship!"
Pinkie Pie says: "If you can learn to care about each other again, Griffonstone could be a mightier kingdom than it ever was before!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And you don't need some golden idol to do that."
Pinkie Pie says: "You just need each other."
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa, Pinkie."
Rainbow Dash says: "That was..."
Rainbow Dash says: "really sappy."
Pinkie Pie says: "Eh, what can I say?"
Pinkie Pie says: "That's how I roll."
Pinkie Pie says: "Go on, Gilda!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Go make a friend!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I don't know, Pinkie."
Rainbow Dash says: "You really think these griffons are up for this?"
Rainbow Dash says: "We aren't exactly in Ponyville, you know."
Gilda says: "Okay, so she was really weirded out until I gave her the scone."
Gilda says: "Then she tried it and said it tasted good!"
Gilda says: "That's the first nice thing anygriffon's ever said to me!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa, Pinkie."
Rainbow Dash says: "I guess that really was the problem we needed to solve."
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, we'd better be heading home."
Gilda says: "What?"
Gilda says: "Y-Y-You want me to spread friendship here by myself?!"
Gilda says: "!"
Gilda says: "How am I supposed to do that?!"
Gilda says: "!"
Gilda says: "I haven't even made one single friend yet!"
Rainbow Dash says: "No, you haven't."
Rainbow Dash says: "You've made two."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hugging!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hugging now!"
Gilda says: "But you'll come back and visit, right?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Just try and stop us!"
Pinkie Pie says: "See ya later, you old charmer."
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, Pinkie?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Who are you talking to?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Nopony!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Come on, let's go home and see how Gummy did with Granny Pie's marjolaine recipe!"