Discord says: "Ohoho, but that's not all!"
Discord says: "When I went to look for them again, they were on the ceiling!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I do love our Tuesday teas, and I can't wait for you to meet my friend Tree Hugger."
Fluttershy says: "She's going to love you too."
Discord says: "Tree Hugger?"
Fluttershy says: "I met her on a trip to see the Breezies."
Fluttershy says: "She's a member of the Equestrian Society for the Preservation of Rare Creatures."
Discord says: "How nice for you."
Fluttershy says: "We're all gonna have so much fun together at the Grand Galloping Gala!"
Discord says: "Oh, I was wondering when you were going to ask me."
Discord says: "I'd love to."
Fluttershy says: "Oh."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, no."
Fluttershy says: "Um, I'm afraid I've already asked Tree Hugger."
Fluttershy says: "I'm sorry, Discord."
Fluttershy says: "I assumed you'd have your own ticket since you and Princess Celestia are friends now."
Fluttershy says: "Were you not invited?"
Discord says: "Who, me?"
Discord says: "It probably got lost in the mail."
Discord says: "No biggie, as the foals say."
Discord says: "Well, gotta go!"
Fluttershy says: "But we haven't had any of our Tuesday teacakes."
Discord says: "Well, I guess we're just going to have to exclude them from our party this time."
Discord says: "Oh, did I say that out loud?"
Discord says: "I mean, ta-ta."
Spike says: "Gah!"
Discord says: "Where's Twilight?"
Spike says: "Uh, she's in Canterlot, helping Princess Celestia with the Gala!"
Rarity says: "Oh, your first Grand Galloping Gala!"
Rarity says: "The excitement, the anticipation!"
Rarity says: "I wouldn't miss this for all the jewels in Equestria!"
Scootaloo says: "We're going to the Gala!"
Sweetie Belle says: "We're going to the Gala!"
Scootaloo says: "We're going to the Gala!"
Sweetie Belle says: "We're going to the Gala!"
Scootaloo says: "We're going to the Gala!"
Sweetie Belle says: "We're going to the Gala!"
Applejack says: "Alright, y'all, keep it down."
Applejack says: "It ain't like it's a life-changin' experience or nothiiiiing..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey!"
Discord says: "I don't suppose that, uh, these adorable little cutie pies have their own tickets to the Gross Gruesome Gala, do they?"
Rarity says: "Ahem!"
Rarity says: "To answer your rather rude question, they're going as our dates, our plus-ones."
Sweetie Belle says: "We're plus-ones!"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "We're plus ones!"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "We're plus-ones!"
Discord says: "Yes, yes, yes, I believe I got that!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Have a wonderful, special, fantastic day!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, hi, Discord."
Pinkie Pie says: "Want some cake?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I can give you a list of all the flavors we have in order of most delicious to incredibly, unbelievably delicious!"
Discord says: "Actually, Pinkie Pie, who are you taking to..."
Discord says: "I mean, do you..."
Discord says: "eugh, oh, you know what?"
Discord says: "I am famished."
Discord says: "I'll take all the cakes."
Pinkie Pie says: "All of them?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "He wants all of the cakes!"
Discord says: "Well, I'll need all my energy when I'm dancing at the Gala, if I decide to go that is."
Discord says: "Oh, by the way, are you bringing anypony?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, of course!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I was gonna ask my mom, because she's, you know, my mom, but it turned out she didn't want to go, so I started asking around and around and around, and I couldn't think of anypony, and I was about to just go by myself, and I realized, of course!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Who loves fancy exciting affairs more than anypony else?"
Pinkie Pie says: "My sister Maud!"
Discord says: "You know what?"
Discord says: "Cancel my order."
Pinkie Pie says: "You want none of the cakes now?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, my, you are funny!"
Discord says: "I guess every being in Equestria is funny today."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, how rude of me."
Fluttershy says: "Tree Hugger, this is Discord."
Fluttershy says: "Discord, Tree Hugger."
Tree Hugger says: "Radical to meet you."
Tree Hugger says: "Really digging your vibe."
Discord says: "My vibe?"
Fluttershy says: "It's a compliment."
Discord says: "Oh, well, I'm sure it is."
Discord says: "Well, I must be off."
Discord says: "It has nothing to do with seeing you or not seeing you."
Discord says: "You can rest assured of that."
Discord says: "Have fun at the Gala!"
Tree Hugger says: "Righteous!"
Discord says: ""Oh, Tree Hugger."
Discord says: "You're such a great friend."
Discord says: "So much funnier than unfunny old Discord!"
Discord says: ""No, no, here."
Discord says: "Take my plus-one."
Discord says: "I insist."
Discord says: "Before somepony else thinks he's my friend and expects to be asked instead."
Discord says: "What's that?"
Discord says: "You're worried Discord might be upset?"
Discord says: "" Not a problem!"
Discord says: "I can make more new friends anytime I want."
Discord says: "It's not as if any of this actually mattered!"
Discord says: "I don't even want to go to the Gala anyway!"
Discord says: "Are you perhaps looking for me?"
Parcel Post says: "Are you "Discord or current resident"?"
Parcel Post says: "I can't find any street numbers in this place."
Discord says: "My ticket to the Grand Galloping Gala!"
Discord says: "I was invited after all!"
Discord says: "Why is this so late?"
Parcel Post says: "Well, I got a little lost after I escaped the flying badgers..."
Parcel Post says: "Can you point me in the direction of the bottomless pit?"
Parcel Post says: "I think I can make my way back from there."
Discord says: "Oh, over there."
Discord says: "Somewhere."
Discord says: "Just go over there."
Discord says: "Looks like I'll see you at the Gala after all, Fluttershy."
Discord says: "But I can't show up alone."
Discord says: "She'll think that she's my only friend."
Discord says: "Who could I bring on such short notice?"
Princess Celestia says: "I must say, it's been very nice having you take over some of the planning responsibilities for this year's Gala."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Anything I can do to make it easier on you."
Princess Celestia says: "Thank you, Twilight."
Princess Celestia says: "I am quite looking forward to just enjoying the Gala for once."
Announcer says: "Announcing the spirit of chaos, Discord, and his guest, the, uh..."
Announcer says: "The Smooze!"
Discord says: "Good evening, everypony!"
Discord says: "What a glorious affair!"
Discord says: "He does have a yen for shiny things, the rascal."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'll take care of this."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What are you doing here with..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "that?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Discord says: "Now, now, now."
Discord says: "The Smooze may be an "it", but it's an it with a heart of, well, blob."
Twilight Sparkle says: "This night is extremely important to me, Discord."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Keep it under control!"
Discord says: "Yes, yes, yes, of course."
Discord says: "Tell me, have you seen Fluttershy anywhere?"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "We're here!"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "We're here!"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "We made it to the Gala!"
Tree Hugger says: "The aura coming off the waterfall was so alive!"
Tree Hugger says: "So, like, magic manifestation."
Fluttershy says: "Wow."
Discord says: "Oh, Fluttershy."
Discord says: "I didn't see you there."
Fluttershy says: "How did you even know to look for an aura on a waterfall?"
Fluttershy says: "Discord!"
Fluttershy says: "I thought you weren't coming!"
Discord says: "No."
Discord says: "I actually never said that."
Discord says: "But funny how you remembered it that way."
Discord says: "Anyway, good to see you."
Discord says: "Tree Friend, is it?"
Discord says: "Your name is slipping my mind right now."
Discord says: "How strange."
Tree Hugger says: "Nice to meet you."
Tree Hugger says: "I'm Tree Hugger."
Tree Hugger says: "Blessings."
Discord says: "You have met me before actually!"
Tree Hugger says: "Cool!"
Tree Hugger says: "Like, in another life, maybe?"
Discord says: "You've gotta be kidding."
Discord says: "You don't remember me?"
Tree Hugger says: "I meet a lot of different creatures, each one of them perfect and unique."
Discord says: "Yes, well, as I was saying, it's just great to be here with my oldest, bestest friend."
Fluttershy says: "Am I really your oldest, bestest friend?"
Discord says: "You?"
Discord says: "Of course not!"
Discord says: "You think I don't have other friends?"
Discord says: "I'm centuries old!"
Discord says: "I was talking about the Smooze!"
Discord says: "Smooze Face, the Smoozinator – well, I mean that's what we called him back in college."
Discord says: "Smooze!"
Discord says: "I would like you to meet Fluttershy and, um, hmm..."
Discord says: "Tree..."
Discord says: "how'd you say it..."
Discord says: "Tree Embrace?"
Tree Hugger says: "Oh, I like that!"
Tree Hugger says: "It's so in rhythm with my life force!"
Tree Hugger says: "Maybe I'll change it!"
Fluttershy says: "I can't believe I've never heard you speak of the Smooze before."
Fluttershy says: "Sounds like you two are so close."
Discord says: "Well, I'm glad you got that, because that's what is true."
Discord says: "We are."
Discord says: "Very close."
Fluttershy says: "That's wonderful!"
Fluttershy says: "The four of us should go out to dinner sometime!"
Discord says: "We should all go out to dinner sometime?!"
Discord says: "!"
Discord says: "Have you no heart?"
Discord says: "Oh, oh!"
Discord says: "It looks like somepony wants to mingle."
Discord says: "We'll be back in a bit."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, okay."
Fluttershy says: "Treezie and I would love to talk to you more later!"
Discord says: "Treezie?"
Discord says: "Really?"
Discord says: "Sort of a juvenile nickname, don't you think?"
Discord says: "Smoozie!"
Discord says: "Wait up!"
Discord says: "Now, listen, Smooze."
Discord says: "I need to make this a party of one for a little while."
Discord says: "Just stay out here until I come for you."
Tree Hugger says: "What's so funny?"
Discord says: "Exactly!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uhh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "I think we're gonna go hit the dance floor."
Discord says: "Fluttershy, tell the Hugs here about the time that we went to the store and came back with two cakes instead of one, because that's how crazy we are when we're together."
Fluttershy says: "Um, we went to the store and bought two cakes."
Discord says: "Oh."
Discord says: "Well, you kind of left out all the fun and frivolity there."
Discord says: "But I'm sure you got it, Tree Hugger."
Tree Hugger says: "I got that you really like cake."
Discord says: "We like each other."
Discord says: "That was the point!"
Discord says: "I'm actually pretty lukewarm about cake."
Rarity says: "Let me in!"
Rarity says: "That creature took my jewels!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Discord!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I thought I told you to keep your friend under control!"
Discord says: "Oh, please."
Discord says: "I have better things to do than to watch that thing all night."
Discord says: "What I mean to say is, that thing is a dear, dear friend, and I'll make sure that the ooze, uh, that he can't help but secrete doesn't get on anypony else."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thank you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's alright, everypony."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Let's just get back to enjoying this magical evening!"
Discord says: "You are making me look like a fool in front of Fluttershy."
Discord says: "I'll be back when the Gala is over."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, Tree Hugger, I've never known anypony as funny as you!"
Discord says: "Check, check, check."
Discord says: "Is this thing on?"
Discord says: "Good evening, fillies and germs!"
Discord says: "I just flew into Canterlot, and wow, are my interspecies parts tired!"
Discord says: "I've only got these tiny mismatched wings, and even I can fly better than Twilight Sparkle!"
Discord says: "Am I right?"
Discord says: "Pchoo!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hey!"
Discord says: "Uh, well, perhaps you're into more observational humor."
Discord says: "Did you ever notice how you always materialize out of thin air?"
Discord says: "Why not thick air?"
Discord says: "What's the deal there?"
Discord says: "Tough crowd."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What is he doing?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I think they're..."
Rainbow Dash says: "jokes?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Maud!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Jokes!"
Maud Pie says: "My favorite."
Discord says: "Knock knock!"
Discord says: "You're supposed to say "Who's there?"
Discord says: ""!"
Discord says: "This is the most basic of jokes!"
Maud Pie says: "You're the most basic of jokes."
Pinkie Pie says: "Good one, Maud!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What is that?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Wilhelm scream.
Twilight Sparkle says: "None of my magic works on this ooze!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Can you stop it?"
Princess Celestia says: "I'm afraid not!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Discord, how could you bring him here?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Discord says: "Oh, he's not that bad!"
Rarity says: "Oh, my shoes will be ruined forever!"
Applejack says: "That's what you're worried about?"
Applejack says: "Really?"
Tree Hugger says: "This is kind of a bummer."
Discord says: "Isn't it, though?"
Discord says: "And to think, it would never have happened had I come to the Gala as somepony else's plus-one."
Tree Hugger says: "Seems like something might have harshed his flow, you know?"
Tree Hugger says: "Like, his senses are agitated."
Discord says: "You don't know anything about rare creatures."
Discord says: "I've known Smooze Face for ages."
Discord says: "He's not agitated."
Discord says: "He's partying down!"
Discord says: "Whoo!"
Tree Hugger says: "All he needs is some, like, calming auditory therapy."
Tree Hugger says: "I know I always feel really at peace when I'm being bathed in positive vibes."
Tree Hugger says: "Maybe he'll calm down with some sonic bliss."
Discord says: "Do you even know what you just said?"
Tree Hugger says: "Ommmm."
Tree Hugger says: "Ee-ee-ee-ee-ee!"
Tree Hugger says: "Ommmm."
Tree Hugger says: "Ee-ee-ee-ee-ee!"
Tree Hugger says: "Let go, Smooze!"
Tree Hugger says: "Bliss out!"
Tree Hugger says: "Ommmm."
Tree Hugger says: "Ee-ee-ee-ee-ee!"
Sweetie Belle says: "It worked!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Way to go, Tree Hugger!"
Fluttershy says: "That was the most magical thing I've ever seen done with animals!"
Tree Hugger says: "Oh, thanks, everypony."
Tree Hugger says: "It makes perfect karmic sense why magic doesn't work on him."
Tree Hugger says: "He only responds to vibrations that peace out his energy fields."
Discord says: "Stop it!"
Discord says: "Stop it!"
Discord says: "That's it!"
Discord says: "I'm done with you, Tree Hugger!"
Tree Hugger says: "Oh, man."
Tree Hugger says: "You're really bumming me out."
Tree Hugger says: "Can you just, like, lower your voice a skosh?"
Discord says: "A skosh?"
Discord says: "A skosh?!"
Discord says: "!"
Tree Hugger says: "Whoa, dude!"
Tree Hugger says: "What is that?!"
Tree Hugger says: "!"
Discord says: "Relax."
Discord says: "I'm not going to hurt you."
Discord says: "I'm simply going to send you to another dimension."
Discord says: "I can't have you interfering in my relationship with Fluttershy anymore!"
Fluttershy says: "Discord, stop!"
Discord says: "I will, just as soon as she's gone!"
Discord says: "Then we can have a good laugh about this whole affair over our regular Tuesday tea."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Don't worry, Fluttershy!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We'll stop him!"
Discord says: "I'm doing her a favor, Fluttershy!"
Discord says: "It's a lovely dimension!"
Discord says: "White sand beaches, attentive wait staff..."
Discord says: "I mean, okay, the humidity isn't great, but where isn't that the case these days?"
Fluttershy says: "I don't understand why you're doing this!"
Fluttershy says: "We were all getting along so well!"
Discord says: "As well as we could, considering you've already stomped all over our friendship by inviting her to the biggest night of the year as if I didn't matter at all!"
Fluttershy says: "Did you really think I'd abandon you just because I have a new friend?!"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Discord says: "Yes, because that's what you did!"
Fluttershy says: "No, Discord!"
Fluttershy says: "I invited a friend to a party!"
Fluttershy says: "I didn't abandon you!"
Fluttershy says: "What if you had a friend that you could discuss chaos-based magic with?"
Fluttershy says: "Would that mean we weren't friends anymore?!"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Discord says: "Uh..."
Discord says: "No, I suppose not."
Discord says: "It would just mean that I'd have different friends for different things..."
Discord says: "Oh, oh, dear, it looks like I've perhaps overreacted just a skosh."
Fluttershy says: "More like a lot of skoshes!"
Fluttershy says: "Tree Hugger, could you give us a minute?"
Discord says: "I'm just so new at this whole friendship thing."
Discord says: "It's so much more complicated than it looks."
Fluttershy says: "Do you think maybe you owe somepony an apology?"
Fluttershy says: "Not me!"
Discord says: "Oh!"
Discord says: "Oh."
Discord says: "Er, Tree Hugger, I'm sorry that you got caught in the middle of my..."
Discord says: "er, you know..."
Discord says: "wrath."
Tree Hugger says: "Oh, it's all groovy."
Tree Hugger says: "Um, I need like a few minutes to clear out my chakras before I can hug you from a place of authenticity."
Discord says: "Oh, your chakras."
Discord says: "Fair enough."
Discord says: "I owe you an apology, Smooze."
Discord says: "I spent the whole evening thinking about my own feelings and never thinking about yours."
Discord says: "Well, friends!"
Discord says: "I think I may actually grow to like this multiple-friend thing."
Maud Pie says: "I like it too."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hey, it's not a party until somepony spreads magic-resistant ooze uncontrollably over the ballroom!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Come on, Smoozinator!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Let's dance!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sorry, Princess Celestia."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I thought I could give you a break tonight, but it turns out I was in over my head."
Princess Celestia says: "You have nothing to apologize for."
Princess Celestia says: "This has been the most fun Gala in years!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know, it was a—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But there was ooze all over the place!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And one of the guests threatened to send somepony to another dimension!"
Princess Celestia says: "I know!"
Princess Celestia says: "Can you imagine how dull it would have been if I hadn't invited Discord?"
Princess Celestia says: "Come on!"
Princess Celestia says: "Whoo!"
Princess Celestia says: "The night is still young!"