Rainbow Dash says: "I thought Pinkie Pie said to get here right away."
Applejack says: "She sure had a burr in her britches about somethin'."
Spike says: "So where is she?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Just kidding."
Pinkie Pie says: "You guys really need to look behind you once in a while."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh, Pinkie?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You said you had something important to tell us."
Pinkie Pie says: "Not telling so much as showing."
Pinkie Pie says: "In fact, what you're about to see may shake the very foundations of your perception for all time!"
Fluttershy says: "Um..."
Fluttershy says: "a cupcake?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yes!"
Pinkie Pie says: "But wait, there's more!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's an invitation to visit the Cheese Sandwich Amusement Factory!"
Spike says: "Cheese Sandwich opened a factory?"
Applejack says: "Heh."
Applejack says: "What do they make there?"
Applejack says: "Rubber chickens?"
Pinkie Pie says: "That's ridiculous!"
Pinkie Pie says: "They make way more there than just rubber chickens!"
Rarity says: "Gosh, Cheese hardly seems the factory type."
Rarity says: "I just assumed he'd continue to wander Equestria throwing parties."
Rarity says: "Still, you must be excited to see him."
Pinkie Pie says: "I am!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I can't wait to tour his factory, catch up, have him tell me my life's purpose, swap gag tips—"
Applejack says: "Whoa-whoa-whoa."
Applejack says: "What did you say?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Uh, catch up?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I mean, it has been a while."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think Applejack's asking about the part about Cheese Sandwich and your life's purpose."
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, that."
Pinkie Pie says: "Yeah."
Pinkie Pie says: "It's just..."
Pinkie Pie says: "All of you have found your thing."
Pinkie Pie says: "You're gonna rule all of Equestria, Rainbow Dash is a Wonderbolt, Fluttershy has her animal sanctuary, Rarity has her boutiques, Applejack has the hat..."
Pinkie Pie says: "And the farm!"
Pinkie Pie says: "So that's like..."
Pinkie Pie says: "two things!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I don't even have one."
Pinkie Pie says: "When I first got Cheese's invite, I was a little jealous."
Pinkie Pie says: "It felt like even he was moving on to bigger and better things."
Pinkie Pie says: "And everypony was leaving me behind."
Pinkie Pie says: "But then I realized Cheese Sandwich is a party pony just like me."
Pinkie Pie says: "If he figured out his purpose, he can help me figure out mine."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think talking to Cheese Sandwich is a great idea."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But the only pony who can really find your life's purpose is you."
Pinkie Pie says: "I know, silly."
Pinkie Pie says: "That's why I'm going to visit Cheese Sandwich's factory so I can ask him to help me."
Spike says: "Uh, Pinkie?"
Spike says: "Are you sure this is edible?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I am not!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yup!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Anypony with a smile like that is exactly the kind of pony I want helping me!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, hey, guys!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Pardon me?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Just gonna..."
Pinkie Pie says: "squeeze by?"
Guard Pony 1 says: "Can we help you?"
Pinkie Pie says: "You sure can!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm here to see Cheese Sandwich!"
Guard Pony 2 says: "Cheese Sandwich doesn't "see" anypony."
Guard Pony 1 says: "This factory's shut tight."
Guard Pony 1 says: "Nopony ever comes out, and nopony ever goes in."
Guard Pony 1 says: "Including you."
Guard Pony 1 says: "So move along."
Pinkie Pie says: "Aw, that's a shame."
Pinkie Pie says: "To think I came all this way because of this personal invitation from Cheese Sandwich himself."
Guard Pony 2 says: "You..."
Guard Pony 2 says: "You have an invitation?"
Guard Pony 1 says: "Well, why didn't you say so?"
Guard Pony 2 says: "Next time, I get to push the button."
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Desolate-y!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hello?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Anypony there?"
Sans Smirk says: "Hmm."
Sans Smirk says: "This should have gotten a big laugh."
Sans Smirk says: "I wonder if we need to add more carpet rolls."
Sans Smirk says: "I suppose it could be the mask."
Sans Smirk says: "Let's try taking the nostril flare down ten percent."
Sans Smirk says: "Thoughts?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I have a thought."
Pinkie Pie says: "Who are you?"
Sans Smirk says: "So sorry."
Sans Smirk says: "Sans Smirk, vice-president of amusement integration."
Sans Smirk says: "Mr."
Sans Smirk says: "Sandwich is very excited you're here."
Sans Smirk says: "If you'll just follow me, it's a short trip through the factory to Cheese's office."
Pinkie Pie says: "Wow!"
Pinkie Pie says: "A whole factory dedicated to gags!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I bet this is the funnest place ever!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Huh."
Pinkie Pie says: "Maybe the fun is behind all this boring-looking factory stuff."
Sans Smirk says: "The fun is the factory stuff."
Sans Smirk says: "We take a fairly serious approach to comedy here."
Sans Smirk says: "Observe."
Pinkie Pie says: "The squirting flower's a classic."
Pinkie Pie says: "Ohhh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What if the flower was part of a shirt, but the flower didn't squirt – the shirt did?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Sans Smirk says: "That is literally the funniest thing I've ever heard."
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh,  come on."
Pinkie Pie says: "That's just off the top of my head."
Pinkie Pie says: "You probably get, like, seventeen thousand ideas like that from Cheese every minute."
Sans Smirk says: "We'd have to use a series of interconnected tubes in the fabric."
Sans Smirk says: "What do you think of this?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I think it's a whoopee cushion."
Sans Smirk says: "Yes..."
Sans Smirk says: "?"
Pinkie Pie says: "But what if you made the embarrassing sound come from somepony else?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Sans Smirk says: "I sit on it, but the sound comes from you..."
Sans Smirk says: "We could call it the "ventriloquoopee cushion"."
Pinkie Pie says: "So..."
Pinkie Pie says: "which way is Cheese's office again?"
Sans Smirk says: "Right."
Sans Smirk says: "Of course."
Sans Smirk says: "It's been quite a while since we've had the opportunity to work with true comic inspiration like this."
Pinkie Pie says: "What about Cheese?"
Sans Smirk says: "Oh!"
Sans Smirk says: "One more thing."
Sans Smirk says: "Our super-slip banana peel."
Sans Smirk says: "Still in development, but we think it's pretty special."
Sans Smirk says: "So?"
Sans Smirk says: "Too slippery?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ohhh-ho-ho."
Pinkie Pie says: "What if, instead of slipping, you were sticking?"
Pinkie Pie says: "One step on this banana peel, and you can't get it off!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That's funny!"
Sans Smirk says: "Wow."
Sans Smirk says: "Just..."
Sans Smirk says: "wow."
Sans Smirk says: "You're exactly the pony Cheese Sandwich needs to see."
Pinkie Pie says: "Great!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Because he's exactly the pony I need to see!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Uh..."
Pinkie Pie says: "hello?"
Cheese Sandwich says: "Pinkie, I'm..."
Cheese Sandwich says: "I'm glad you came."
Pinkie Pie says: "Of course I did."
Pinkie Pie says: "Your factory's..."
Pinkie Pie says: "big."
Pinkie Pie says: "It really seems like you found your purpose."
Pinkie Pie says: "Which is perfect, since I came here for help."
Cheese Sandwich says: "That is perfect."
Cheese Sandwich says: "I knew I could count on you to help me."
Pinkie Pie says: "Well, that's triple-perfect, because..."
Pinkie Pie says: "uh, wait."
Pinkie Pie says: "Why do you need my help?"
Cheese Sandwich says: "Because, Pinkie, I..."
Cheese Sandwich says: "..."
Cheese Sandwich says: "I completely lost my laugh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You lost your laugh?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Is that some kind of joke?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Because it's not a funny one."
Cheese Sandwich says: "It's not a joke."
Cheese Sandwich says: "And even if it was, I..."
Cheese Sandwich says: "I wouldn't be able to laugh at it."
Pinkie Pie says: "Riiiiight..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Why don't we continue this discussion over some delicious canned peanut brittle, hmm?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Wow."
Pinkie Pie says: "You did lose your laugh."
Pinkie Pie says: "That's horrible!"
Sans Smirk says: "Sorry to interrupt, but it occurs to me that a seven percent tighter wind on the snake springs would yield a twelve percent increase in giggle output."
Cheese Sandwich says: "This is why we're a team."
Cheese Sandwich says: "Sans here has always been able to eke every last laugh out of my gags."
Cheese Sandwich says: "W-Which is a help, since I haven't come up with any good ones in a while."
Pinkie Pie says: "Wait."
Pinkie Pie says: "So you can tell if a gag is funny is not – you just can't laugh at it?"
Cheese Sandwich says: "Yes!"
Cheese Sandwich says: "And it's torture!"
Pinkie Pie says: "How did this happen?"
Cheese Sandwich says: "I don't know."
Cheese Sandwich says: "Back when I was a party pony, I..."
Cheese Sandwich says: "I laughed at everything."
Cheese Sandwich says: "I spread my party cheer wherever it was needed."
Cheese Sandwich says: "I even started making individual, one-of-a-kind novelty gags for each and every one of my parties."
Cheese Sandwich says: "Soon, it seemed like everypony in Equestria wanted one."
Cheese Sandwich says: "It was more work than my hooves could handle, but I didn't want to disappoint all those smiling faces."
Cheese Sandwich says: "Luckily, Sans Smirk came to me with the idea for a factory."
Cheese Sandwich says: "A gag factory."
Cheese Sandwich says: "I could finally keep up with demand and make everypony happy."
Cheese Sandwich says: "Soon we were sending gags all over Equestria."
Cheese Sandwich says: "But then, one day, my laugh was just..."
Cheese Sandwich says: "gone."
Cheese Sandwich says: "I haven't left the factory since."
Cheese Sandwich says: "I-I don't want anypony to see me like this."
Cheese Sandwich says: "I-I mean, look at me!"
Cheese Sandwich says: "Boneless 2 doesn't even recognize me anymore!"
Cheese Sandwich says: "So, can you help me, Pinkie?"
Cheese Sandwich says: "W-What do you think?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I think I've got two words for you."
Pinkie Pie says: "Knock..."
Pinkie Pie says: "knock."
Cheese Sandwich says: "Who's there?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Boo."
Cheese Sandwich says: "Boo who?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Don't cry, because I'm gonna get you your laugh back!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Let's start with something small."
Pinkie Pie says: "Excuse me, Mr."
Pinkie Pie says: "Smirk."
Pinkie Pie says: "But is there something in my..."
Pinkie Pie says: "eye?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Sans Smirk says: "Top notch eye-googling, Ms."
Sans Smirk says: "Pie."
Pinkie Pie says: "Why, thanks, Sans, ol' pal."
Pinkie Pie says: "Put her there!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh."
Pinkie Pie says: "Sorry about that."
Pinkie Pie says: "Let me make it up to you."
Pinkie Pie says: "How about some..."
Pinkie Pie says: "pie?"
Sans Smirk says: "Googly eye to hoof buzzer to pie-face pratfall."
Sans Smirk says: "Mwah!"
Sans Smirk says: "Masterful."
Cheese Sandwich says: "Meh."
Pinkie Pie says: "Come on!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Those classic bits put Rainbow Dash's funny bone in a cast for a week!"
Cheese Sandwich says: "Don't blame yourself, Pinkie."
Cheese Sandwich says: "Whatever I got, I got it bad."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hmmm..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Maybe we need to start even smaller."
Pinkie Pie says: "You can't run before you can walk, and you can't laugh before you can smile."
Pinkie Pie says: "And your smiler's all out of whack."
Pinkie Pie says: "Now let's see what we're working with."
Pinkie Pie says: "Give me your biggest, bestest smile!"
Cheese Sandwich says: "Am I doing it?"
Cheese Sandwich says: "Am I smiling?"
Cheese Sandwich says: "I feel like I'm smiling."
Pinkie Pie says: "Almost..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Okay!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You got this!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's all you!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ready?"
Cheese Sandwich says: "Anything?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Awww..."
Cheese Sandwich says: "Guh."
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm not giving up on you yet, Cheese."
Pinkie Pie says: "I know there's something somewhere that'll make you laugh."
Pinkie Pie says: "I just have to figure out where to look."
Sans Smirk says: "I would like to take this opportunity to point out that we are in a gag factory."
Sans Smirk says: "This is where the magic happens – research and development."
Sans Smirk says: "It's where we figure out the science of funny."
Pinkie Pie says: "How do you science funny?"
Sans Smirk says: "Of course there's no one-size-fits-all joke."
Sans Smirk says: "No grand unified gag theory."
Sans Smirk says: "But if we figure out the funny of one gag, we can combine it with the funny of another gag and make a third funnier gag."
Pinkie Pie says: "I..."
Pinkie Pie says: "guess that makes sense."
Pinkie Pie says: ""Rule of threes"."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hmmm."
Pinkie Pie says: "One, two, three."
Pinkie Pie says: "Yup."
Pinkie Pie says: "That math checks out."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hmmm."
Pinkie Pie says: "At this point, I'm willing to give anything a try."
Pinkie Pie says: "I don't understand!"
Pinkie Pie says: "We've tried everything!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Stand-up, classic gag, physical humor, prop comedy, vaudeville, surrealist alt-scene character pieces – nothing's worked!"
Sans Smirk says: "It seems we've exhausted every avenue that even the science of comedy can provide."
Cheese Sandwich says: "That's it then."
Pinkie Pie says: "What do you mean?"
Cheese Sandwich says: "I appreciate everything you've done, Pinkie, but if you can't make me laugh, nopony can."
Sans Smirk says: "But, sir, you can't just surrender."
Cheese Sandwich says: "It doesn't look like I have a choice."
Cheese Sandwich says: "I need to figure out how to live without a laugh."
Cheese Sandwich says: "I know you tried your best, but it's time you went home."
Sans Smirk says: "I, too, am horrified."
Pinkie Pie says: "So that's it?"
Pinkie Pie says: "You're all just giving up?"
Sans Smirk says: "I'm afraid Mr."
Sans Smirk says: "Sandwich is right."
Sans Smirk says: "You are the funniest pony in Equestria."
Sans Smirk says: "And if you can't bring back his laugh, it is surely gone forever."
Pinkie Pie says: "But..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Cheese was just as funny as me."
Pinkie Pie says: "I-I can't believe that's all gone."
Sans Smirk says: "None of us can."
Sans Smirk says: "I shudder to think what'll become of the factory."
Pinkie Pie says: "You're not gonna close down, are you?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I thought this place was Cheese's life's purpose!"
Sans Smirk says: "It certainly was mine."
Sans Smirk says: "But if Mr."
Sans Smirk says: "Sandwich has finally given up, there's only so long we can retool his old ideas before we run out of gags to produce."
Sans Smirk says: "I don't suppose..."
Sans Smirk says: "you'd consider working here?"
Sans Smirk says: "Your fresh take on our classic gags rivals Mr."
Sans Smirk says: "Sandwich in his prime."
Pinkie Pie says: "I need to find my life's purpose, but I don't think that's it."
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm a party pony!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I need to make ponies happy in real-time!"
Sans Smirk says: "Ah, yes."
Sans Smirk says: "In our early days, nothing brought Mr."
Sans Smirk says: "Sandwich more pleasure than seeing the laughter his gags brought to ponies firsthoof."
Pinkie Pie says: "Guess it's back to the drawing board."
Sans Smirk says: "Well, there will always be a place for you here if you change your mind."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hold on."
Pinkie Pie says: "What did you just say?"
Sans Smirk says: "There'll always be a place for you here?"
Pinkie Pie says: "No-no-no-no."
Pinkie Pie says: "Before that."
Sans Smirk says: "Back to the drawing board."
Pinkie Pie says: "That was me!"
Sans Smirk says: "Nothing brought Mr."
Sans Smirk says: "Sandwich more pleasure than seeing the laughter his gags brought to ponies firsthoof?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yes!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That!"
Pinkie Pie says: "We've been going about this all wrong!"
Pinkie Pie says: "We don't need to make Cheese laugh."
Pinkie Pie says: "He needs to make us laugh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Cheese!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I figured it out!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I know why you can't laugh!"
Cheese Sandwich says: "What?"
Cheese Sandwich says: "Why?"
Pinkie Pie says: "You started this factory because you didn't want to disappoint smiling faces."
Pinkie Pie says: "But in here, you can't see any."
Sans Smirk says: "It does make a certain sense, sir."
Sans Smirk says: "Spreading laughter has always brought you joy."
Cheese Sandwich says: "But spreading laughter is what this factory does."
Pinkie Pie says: "Except you don't see it."
Pinkie Pie says: "You're a party pony like me."
Pinkie Pie says: "You need to make ponies smile in-person!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Here."
Pinkie Pie says: "Just try it."
Cheese Sandwich says: "Okay..."
Cheese Sandwich says: "um..."
Cheese Sandwich says: "Why did Boneless 2 cross the road?"
Cheese Sandwich says: "To prove to Boneless 1 he wasn't a chicken."
Sans Smirk says: "Very funny, sir."
Sans Smirk says: "Excellent joke."
Sans Smirk says: "Oh!"
Sans Smirk says: "I mean..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Really?"
Sans Smirk says: "Sorry."
Sans Smirk says: "Not much of a laugher."
Pinkie Pie says: "Here."
Pinkie Pie says: "Try me."
Pinkie Pie says: "I promise I'll laugh."
Cheese Sandwich says: "Pinkie, you laugh at everything."
Cheese Sandwich says: "I appreciate what you're doing, but I think it's a "cost lause"."
Cheese Sandwich says: "A lost cause."
Cheese Sandwich says: "What..."
Cheese Sandwich says: "was..."
Cheese Sandwich says: "that?!"
Cheese Sandwich says: "!"
Factory Pony says: "Um, I'm sorry."
Factory Pony says: "When you swapped the letters of those words, it was just a bit..."
Cheese Sandwich says: "Funny?"
Factory Pony says: "Uh-huh."
Cheese Sandwich.
So you're saying it's a mix-up.
Of the sounds that I just made.
That coaxed the snicker from your throat.
In a delicate cascade?
If I did it one more time.
If I reproduced that feat.
Mixed up some letters here and there.
You'd "lelly-baugh" tout suite?
Cheese Sandwich.
Then that's all I need to do.
That's who I need to be.
I thought I needed laughter.
But it has to come from me.
Squirting flowers and knobby knees.
Rubber chickens my expertise.
If you want laughter, then stick with Cheese.
Pinkie Pie says: "Yeah!"
Cheese Sandwich.
I suppose now I should amp things up.
To get the thing I'm after.
Move whole syll-AB-les around.
And change em-PHA-sis to get laughter.
Can't stop now, I'm on a roll.
I've almost got it back.
Bright folks like you aren't subject to.
My play-on-words attack!
With something else, I'll have to play.
To get me where I'm going.
Pinkie Pie says: "Whatcha gonna do?"
Cheese Sandwich.
To get the laughter flowing.
And it's what I need to do.
It's who I need to be.
I thought I needed laughter.
But it has to come from me.
Follow right behind, if you please.
Walk this way and I guarantee.
If you want laughter, then stick with Cheese.
Accordion solo!
Pinkie Pie says: "Shred it, Cheese!"
Cheese Sandwich says: "Whoo!"
And it's what I need to do.
It's who I need to be.
I thought I needed laughter.
But it has to come from me.
Whoopee cushions and Dungarees.
I know jokes like my A-B-C's.
If you want laughter, then stick with Cheese.
Cheese Sandwich.
And now my biggest test.
The hardest fish to fry.
Pinkie Pie.
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh.
Cheese Sandwich.
A mind so analytical.
A sense of humor dry.
Pinkie Pie.
So dry!
Cheese Sandwich.
To make you laugh would prove to me.
That this experiment's done.
Pinkie Pie.
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh.
Cheese Sandwich.
Something ridiculous and not too smart.
Something like a pun.
Hey, Sans! How did the laughing bird's eggs hatch? They cracked up!
Sans Smirk says: "Sir..."
Sans Smirk says: "that is so..."
Sans Smirk says: "ridiculous!"
Cheese Sandwich.
Then that's all I need to do.
That's all I need to see.
I thought I needed laughter.
But it had to come from me.
All.
Squirting flowers and knobby knees.
Rubber chickens and Dungarees.
If you want laughter, then stick with Cheese!
Sans Smirk says: "It's so good to have you back, sir."
Sans Smirk says: "Finally we can get the factory back to how things used to be."
Cheese Sandwich says: "Sans, my good pony, I don't think I could run this factory anymore."
Cheese Sandwich says: "But you can!"
Sans Smirk says: "Without you?"
Sans Smirk says: "I-I don't understand."
Cheese Sandwich says: "Pinkie was right."
Cheese Sandwich says: "This is what I need."
Cheese Sandwich says: "I just can't have funny ideas."
Cheese Sandwich says: "I need to wander the land and see ponies laughing at them."
Cheese Sandwich says: "You can run the factory, but I need to  liiiiiive!"
Cheese Sandwich says: "And don't think I've forgotten about you, little buddy."
Cheese Sandwich says: "I knew you'd be onboard."
Cheese Sandwich says: "Don't worry."
Cheese Sandwich says: "Out in Equestria, I'll have more great ideas for gags, and I'll send them all to you."
Sans Smirk says: "Sir, are you sure this is what you want to do?"
Cheese Sandwich says: "Of course."
Cheese Sandwich says: "It's my life's purpose!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hey!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That's what I came here looking for!"
Cheese Sandwich says: "You did?"
Cheese Sandwich says: "Well, come on!"
Cheese Sandwich says: "Let's figure it out!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Actually, I think I'm good."
Pinkie Pie says: "..."
Pinkie Pie says: "And then I said goodbye, and then I came here!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And then I gathered you all together and started telling you about it."
Pinkie Pie says: "First, I said—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, that sounds like quite a trip!"
Fluttershy says: "And Cheese Sandwich just left his own factory?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yup."
Pinkie Pie says: "But I think Sans Smirk's hooves were the perfect ones to leave it in."
Pinkie Pie says: "As much as Cheese was born to wander Equestria and make ponies laugh in-person, Sans was born to run that factory."
Applejack says: "And you don't sound so worried about findin' your life's purpose anymore."
Pinkie Pie says: "Nope!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I figured out Cheese and I are pretty much the same."
Pinkie Pie says: "We both need to see ponies laughing to feel fulfilled."
Pinkie Pie says: "And I already do that."
Pinkie Pie says: "My life is purposing itself all over the place!"
Rarity says: "I agree completely."
Pinkie Pie says: "Thanks."
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I almost forgot!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I got you all a little something from my trip."
Pinkie Pie says: "Who likes peanut brittle?"