Newspaper Pony says: "Morning, Pinkie Pie."
Newspaper Pony says: "Get your Ponyville Chronicle right here!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Fan-tizzy-astic!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I just love to read about happy happenings, and it's always good to be a pony in the know, you know?"
Pinkie Pie says: "And there's so much to know!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Eh, seems like a bunch of boring hooey to me."
Pinkie Pie says: "Does "New Shrubbery In Castle Garden" sound like boring hooey to you?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Snooze."
Pinkie Pie says: "What about..."
Pinkie Pie says: ""Parasprite Infestation In Fillydelphia Eradicated"?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That's great news!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Eh."
Rainbow Dash says: "Another day, another parasprite hype story."
Pinkie Pie says: ""Noodles Named Official Food Of Whinnyapolis"."
Pinkie Pie says: ""Author A."
Pinkie Pie says: "K."
Pinkie Pie says: "Yearling Announces Retirement"."
Pinkie Pie says: ""Cloudsdale Election Heating Up For Candidate In Favor Of Cooling It Down"."
Rainbow Dash says: "What?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Let me see that!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I never knew you were so into politics, Rainbow."
Rainbow Dash says: "No, this!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It can't be true..."
Pinkie Pie says: "I'd have never have picked noodles as the official food of Whinnyapolis either, but here we are."
Rainbow Dash says: "No, Pinkie!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I can't believe that the greatest author and secret pony adventurer of all time, A."
Rainbow Dash says: "K."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yearling..."
Rainbow Dash says: "is retiring!"
Pinkie Pie says: "A."
Pinkie Pie says: "K."
Pinkie Pie says: "Yearling just retired."
Pinkie Pie says: "Like, today."
Pinkie Pie says: "Are you sure she wants visitors?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Pinkie, the A."
Rainbow Dash says: "K."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yearling I know would never quit and retire out of the blue!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Something could be really wrong, and we need to make sure she's okay!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Okay!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Heeeey..."
Pinkie Pie says: "You're not just trying to make sure she writes more Daring Do books, are you?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Of course not!"
Rainbow Dash says: "But that wouldn't hurt either."
Rainbow Dash says: "Now, come on!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, maybe she's not home."
Rainbow Dash says: "Maybe she went to the editor-in-chief of the Ponyville Chronicle to correct the misprint they've made."
Pinkie Pie says: "Nope."
Pinkie Pie says: "She's home."
Rainbow Dash says: "How do you know?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Because she's right there looking all sad and alone."
Rainbow Dash says: "A."
Rainbow Dash says: "K!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Now she's sighing with the weight of the world."
Pinkie Pie says: "Now she's hanging her head in utter despair."
Pinkie Pie says: "Now she's shaking her hoof and cursing the heavens like nothing could ever possibly be the same again."
Pinkie Pie says: "Why, oh, why did this happen to her?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whoops."
Pinkie Pie says: "Never mind."
Pinkie Pie says: "That time, she was just stretching."
Rainbow Dash says: "A."
Rainbow Dash says: "K."
Rainbow Dash says: ", it's us!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Rainbow Dash and Pinkie Pie!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Your friends!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, no."
Rainbow Dash says: "Did somepony ransack your cottage again and steal some ancient, mysterious relic that's the key to saving all of Equestria?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oooh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Sparky!"
A. K. Yearling says: "Nothing's been stolen."
Rainbow Dash says: "Then is somepony blackmailing you and forcing you to retire?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Cause if they are..."
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
A. K. Yearling says: "No."
A. K. Yearling says: "Nothing like that."
Rainbow Dash says: "So you're just quitting and moving away?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Why..."
Rainbow Dash says: "would..."
Rainbow Dash says: "you..."
Rainbow Dash says: "do..."
Rainbow Dash says: "that?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
A. K. Yearling says: "I already explained everything to the Ponyville Chronicle."
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, really?"
Rainbow Dash says: ""Author A."
Rainbow Dash says: "K."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yearling announced yesterday that the next adventure novel in her popular series, 'Daring Do and the Curse of the Pharaoh's Tomb', will be her last."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yearling looks forward to her retirement."
Rainbow Dash says: "" That doesn't explain anything!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It just says you're giving up writing stories."
Rainbow Dash says: "But most ponies don't know that you actually are Daring Do and that the stories are real."
Rainbow Dash says: "So what you're really saying is that you're giving up being Daring Do, but you're not saying why!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Of course, if you don't feel like talking about it, that's A-okay, A."
Pinkie Pie says: "K."
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "As your friends, we completely understand."
Pinkie Pie says: "Right, Rainbow Dash?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah."
Rainbow Dash says: "We just came to make sure you're all right."
Rainbow Dash says: "That's really why we wanted to find out what's going on."
A. K. Yearling says: "If you really want to know..."
A. K. Yearling says: "My last quest took me to a village in Southern Equestria, where I started seeing these."
Pinkie Pie says: ""Wake Of Destruction: Daring Do Ruins Entire Village Marketplace!"
Rainbow Dash says: ""Dare Or Scare: Local Rogue Daring Do Involved In Frightful Fiasco"?"
Pinkie Pie says: ""Daring Do Leads Bull Into China Shop During High-Speed Chase—"
A. K. Yearling says: "That's enough!"
A. K. Yearling says: "Everypony I tried to help is mad at me."
Pinkie Pie says: "That's not true."
Pinkie Pie says: "They're not mad at A."
Pinkie Pie says: "K."
Pinkie Pie says: "Yearling."
Pinkie Pie says: "They're mad at Daring Do."
A. K. Yearling says: "They don't sell my books in Southern Equestria."
A. K. Yearling says: "The ponies there don't know who A."
A. K. Yearling says: "K."
A. K. Yearling says: "Yearling is."
A. K. Yearling says: "They only know Daring Do, and apparently she does more harm than good."
Pinkie Pie says: "Then I guess it's a good thing you look so different as A."
Pinkie Pie says: "K."
Pinkie Pie says: "Yearling!"
Rainbow Dash says: "So all we have to do is go down there and explain to these ponies that none of this stuff is true."
Pinkie Pie says: "Easy-peasy-cheesy!"
A. K. Yearling says: "But that's just the thing – it is true."
Rainbow Dash says: "What?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
A. K. Yearling says: "I guess I've always been so focused on saving priceless relics and stopping the bad guys that I never really thought about the mess I leave behind."
Pinkie Pie says: "Then you are in a tricky pickle."
Pinkie Pie says: "But why is all this happening now?"
A. K. Yearling says: "I guess ponies are finally fed up."
A. K. Yearling says: "Either way, I'm done with adventures, having or writing."
Rainbow Dash says: "Come on!"
Rainbow Dash says: "For every one pony who's upset, there must be at least a hundred that know you're a hero!"
A. K. Yearling says: "I don't think so, Dash."
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, why don't we go visit this village "Som..."
Rainbow Dash says: "nam..."
Rainbow Dash says: "bu..."
Rainbow Dash says: "la" and see for ourselves?"
A. K. Yearling says: "Those articles seem to make it pretty clear how the villagers feel."
Pinkie Pie says: "But if we go there, the ponies can tell you in person just how much they appreciate you."
Rainbow Dash says: "And what a heap of rotten apple cores these articles are!"
A. K. Yearling says: "You really think so?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I know so!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Let's go!"
Rainbow Dash says: "This is so cool!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It looks just like that village in your last book where Daring Do recovers the Doomed Diadem from the Wild Bunch Gang who chase after her through the desert!"
A. K. Yearling says: "It should."
A. K. Yearling says: "I based that entire chapter on my experiences here in Somnambula."
Pinkie Pie says: "What happens?"
Pinkie Pie says: "No, wait, don't tell me."
Pinkie Pie says: "I changed my mind!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Tell me!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Daring Do thwarts Ahuizotl's evil plot to separate the Sister Crown Relics."
Rainbow Dash says: "And if it wasn't for her, the region would be cursed with eternal night, and the entire town of Somnambula would have sunk into the ground!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ah, puh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "There's no chance that these ponies don't think you're a hero."
Rainbow Dash says: "Watch this."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hiya there, mister!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I was hoping you could tell me about a pony named Daring Do."
Rainbow Dash says: "I hear she's an awesome adventure-pony hero."
"Cortland" says: "Daring Do?"
"Cortland" says: "Oh, she's awesome, all right."
"Cortland" says: "Awesome at destroying ponies' apple carts..."
"Cortland" says: "..."
"Cortland" says: "and priceless, sacred statues!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "Indeed."
Dr. Caballeron says: "Daring Do is a menace who destroys everything she touches!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "No!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Daring Do is the exact opposite of a menace!"
A. K. Yearling says: "Ugh!"
A. K. Yearling says: "I tried to tell you!"
A. K. Yearling says: "Coming back here was a mistake!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Come on, A."
Rainbow Dash says: "K."
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "So we picked a bad example."
Rainbow Dash says: "That was just one angry pony."
Pinkie Pie says: "Two angry ponies!"
A. K. Yearling says: "It doesn't matter!"
A. K. Yearling says: "I never should have come with you!"
A. K. Yearling says: "You two should just go home!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Come on!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We gotta follow her!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I dunno."
Pinkie Pie says: "It really seemed like she doesn't want us cramping her saddle."
Rainbow Dash says: "But we have to convince her that ponies do appreciate her!"
Rainbow Dash says: "As her friend, I have to make sure she believes that."
Rainbow Dash says: "Look, Pinkie!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's the Get On Inn!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Daring Do stays here all the time in her adventures."
Rainbow Dash says: "Which means there must be ponies here who love Daring Do!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Maybe they can help us."
Pinkie Pie says: "Mmmmm."
Pinkie Pie says: "My nose is telling me to help myself to muffins."
Rainbow Dash says: "Come on..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh, she's fancy."
Pinkie Pie says: "I got this."
Pinkie Pie says: "A good evening to you, madame."
Pinkie Pie says: "We are but weary travelers who humbly wish to inquire on the status of a certain mare of intrigue taking residence here."
Mrs. Trotsworth says: "What in Southern Equestria are you on about?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Is it true that Daring Do stays here?"
Mrs. Trotsworth says: "Ha!"
Mrs. Trotsworth says: "Not anymore, she doesn't!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Why not?"
Mrs. Trotsworth says: "The last time I rented that rascal a room, she was in such a rush to hightail it outta here, she didn't even pay her bill!"
Rainbow Dash says: "But—"
Mrs. Trotsworth says: "After that, a band of ruffians showed up and destroyed half the rooms looking for her."
Mrs. Trotsworth says: "Guess she made them even more mad than she made me!"
Rainbow Dash says: "No, no, no."
Rainbow Dash says: "You've got it all wrong."
Mrs. Trotsworth says: "Hmph!"
Mrs. Trotsworth says: "How do you figure?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Daring Do was trying to save everypony from the curse of the Doomed Diadem of Xilati."
Rainbow Dash says: "And she was only in a rush because she had to get the crown back to the Tiara of Teotlale before the curse took effect."
Rainbow Dash says: "Chapter seventeen."
Mrs. Trotsworth says: "Sounds like a tall tale to me."
Mrs. Trotsworth says: "And a hard one to believe, now that I know Daring Do is a scoundrel and a thief!"
Mrs. Trotsworth says: "Every year, ponies come to offer precious glowpaz to the Somnambula statue in the village in hopes for a good future."
Mrs. Trotsworth says: "Why, that poor fella had his glowpaz necklace stolen by Daring Do just yesterday!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hmmm..."
Rainbow Dash says: "There's A."
Pinkie Pie says: "There's A."
Rainbow Dash says: "K."
Pinkie Pie says: "K."
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "Daring Do ruined our town and stole our precious glowpaz!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "We need to make sure that if she turns up again, there will be consequences!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "Everypony who's with me, meet at the statue tomorrow!"
A. K. Yearling says: "Now I'm getting blamed for things I didn't even do?"
A. K. Yearling says: "Why would I steal from them?"
Pinkie Pie says: "They are super bad!"
Pinkie Pie says: "But we're still staying the night, right?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Listen, A."
Rainbow Dash says: "K."
Rainbow Dash says: "After a good night's sleep, we're going to fix all of this."
Rainbow Dash says: "I promise."
A. K. Yearling says: "I shouldn't be here, Rainbow Dash."
A. K. Yearling says: "This is never gonna work."
Rainbow Dash says: "Of course it will!"
Rainbow Dash says: "All I have to do is go up there and explain to everypony how wrong they all are."
Pinkie Pie says: "Yeah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And then I'll be like, "What she said!"
A. K. Yearling says: "Easy-peasy-cheesy..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Exactly!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "Here it is!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "The remains of your– I mean, our Somnambula statue!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "Now that Daring Do has destroyed it, tell me, where will we hang our glowpaz?"
Random Villager says: "We don't even have any glowpaz because they were stolen by Daring Do!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Daring Do would never steal anything!"
Rainbow Dash says: "And okay, she destroyed your statue, but it was because she was trying to save you all from Ahuizotl!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ahuizotl?"
Rainbow Dash says: "He's about yea big?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Long neck?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Itty-bitty face?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Weird claw thingy on his tail?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I know him!"
Pinkie Pie says: "He's a baddie!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Trust me, if Ahuizotl had gotten away with the Doomed Diadem, your entire village would have been swallowed up!"
Rainbow Dash says: "And that's a lot worse than losing some crummy old statue!"
"Cortland" says: "Ahem!"
"Cortland" says: "This was not some crummy old statue!"
"Cortland" says: "It was the namesake of our town!"
"Cortland" says: "If you want to understand us, you must first understand her."
Rainbow Dash says: "Who?"
"Cortland" says: "Somnambula."
"Cortland" says: "Long ago..."
"Cortland" says: "..."
"Cortland" says: "this village fell prey to an evil Sphinx who demanded most of their crops."
"Cortland" says: "Like her fellow villagers, Somnambula didn't have much, but she used what she had to keep others from giving up hope."
"Cortland" says: "The son of the Pharaoh, Prince Hisan, was so moved by her compassion that he decreed nopony would go hungry again."
"Cortland" says: "But when Hisan stood up to the Sphinx, the beast captured him, telling the Pharaoh the only way to get Hisan back was to solve her riddle."
"Cortland" says: "Nopony would volunteer to save the prince."
"Cortland" says: "Nopony except Somnambula."
"Cortland" says: "The Sphinx gave her the riddle."
"Cortland" says: ""I shine brightest in the dark."
"Cortland" says: "I am there but cannot be seen."
"Cortland" says: "To have me costs you nothing."
"Cortland" says: "To be without me costs you everything."
"Cortland" says: "" As Somnambula thought of the hardship she and her fellow villagers had experienced, she instantly knew the answer."
"Cortland" says: ""Hope!"
"Cortland" says: "", she shouted."
Sphinx roaring.
"Cortland" says: "The Sphinx was so enraged, it seemed she might still refuse to release the prince, so Somnambula asked her for one more challenge."
"Cortland" says: "But if she accomplished it, the Sphinx would leave from the kingdom forever."
"Cortland" says: "The Sphinx quickly agreed, asking only that Somnambula walk to the prince across a deep chasm..."
"Cortland" says: "blindfolded!"
"Cortland" says: "Further, the Sphinx had cast a powerful spell that prevented Somnambula from flying."
Sphinx laughing evilly.
"Cortland" says: "But Somnambula never lost hope!"
"Cortland" says: "She knew she'd need to make a leap of faith to save the prince."
"Cortland" says: "Guided by the sound of the prince's voice..."
"Cortland" says: "she easily made it across."
Sphinx roaring.
"Cortland" says: "The Pharaoh asked how Somnambula prevailed, and she explained that she had always hoped she could make things better for her people and that hope had carried her through."
"Cortland" says: "The Prince replaced the pearls Somnambula gave up with a string of glowpaz."
"Cortland" says: "And around her neck, they glowed bright enough to light the entire kingdom."
"Cortland" says: "Forever after, glowpaz became our symbol of hope."
Rainbow Dash says: "Wow."
Rainbow Dash says: "I had no idea how special the statue was to you."
Rainbow Dash says: "Somnambula sounds like a pretty cool pony."
Rainbow Dash says: "But I bet if she were here, she'd tell you how cool Daring Do is too, because they've both fought to protect this town!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "If Somnambula were here today, she would condemn Daring Do for destroying your– our symbol of hope!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey, buddy!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What did Daring Do ever do to you to deserve all this?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "Only..."
Dr. Caballeron says: "everything!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Dr."
Rainbow Dash says: "Caballeron?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "Yes..."
Dr. Caballeron says: "Rainbow Dash."
Dr. Caballeron says: "When I saw you, her closest friend, I knew that Daring Do would not be far behind."
Dr. Caballeron says: "I really do owe you for leading her right to me."
Rainbow Dash says: "But I-I didn't mean to—"
Dr. Caballeron says: "Thank you for helping me break Daring Do's spirit by destroying her reputation, but I can't have you running off and telling her my plan."
Rainbow Dash says: "Help!"
A. K. Yearling says: "Caballeron?!"
A. K. Yearling says: "!"
A. K. Yearling says: "No!"
Pinkie Pie says: "He's got Rainbow Dash!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Come on!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I knew you'd come!"
Daring Do says: "You did?"
Daring Do says: "I sure didn't."
Daring Do says: "What if I cause more trouble?"
Pinkie Pie says: "You won't."
Daring Do says: "How do you know?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I just do!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You wouldn't let anything happen to Rainbow Dash."
Pinkie Pie says: "You care too much."
Daring Do says: "You're right."
Daring Do says: "Which way did they go?"
Daring Do says: "To the pyramid!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Somepony help!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Somepony!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Anypony!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Pinkie Pie?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Daring Do?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Is that you?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Don't worry, Rainbow!"
Pinkie Pie says: "We'll save you!"
Daring Do says: "He's right!"
Daring Do says: "We'll never get to her in time!"
Pinkie Pie says: "If this really is like Somnambula's story, then we just have to have hope that we can."
Daring Do says: "I think we need more than hope, Pinkie."
Daring Do says: "There was a bridge in the story, and there's no bridge here."
Daring Do says: "What are we going to do?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I don't know, but Rainbow Dash is our friend."
Pinkie Pie says: "Just like Somnambula."
Pinkie Pie says: "We need to make a leap of faith and hope that we can save her!"
Daring Do says: "Pinkie!"
Daring Do says: "Aha!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Wheeee!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I knew we'd do it!"
Daring Do says: "Thanks for reminding me to never give up hope, Pinkie."
Rainbow Dash says: "And I'm kinda "hoping" you ponies will untie me before we all take a bath in bubbling green slime!"
Daring Do says: "We're on it!"
Daring Do says: "Not so fast, Caballeron!"
"Nile Faras" says: "You stole our glowpaz!"
Daring Do says: "I should have known you were just trying to sully my name so that you'd be free to steal whatever you wanted."
Dr. Caballeron says: "Of course that was the plan, Daring Do!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "At first I just wanted the glowpaz, but then I saw an opportunity to write you out of the story for good!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "And with the destruction you leave in your wake, it didn't take too much to convince ponies you were a villain!"
Daring Do says: "You're wrong, Caballeron."
Daring Do says: "And I won't let you break my spirit again."
Daring Do says: "Because I'm never going to give up hope that I can protect ponies and ancient treasures from miscreants like you!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "R-Remember!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "She ruined your statue!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "You're fools to believe in her!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "You'll pay for this, Daring Do!"
Daring Do says: "Okay, okay, that's enough."
Daring Do says: "Thanks for helping me come to my senses."
Daring Do says: "You two are true friends."
Rainbow Dash says: "Are you kidding?"
Rainbow Dash says: "That..."
Rainbow Dash says: "was..."
Rainbow Dash says: "awesome!"
Pinkie Pie says: "We're just glad you're back to your old self again."
Daring Do says: "Me too."
Daring Do says: "But I'm glad I realized that even if you're fighting for something good, you're still responsible for your actions."
Rainbow Dash says: "And if something bad happens that you didn't intend, you shouldn't give up hope or lose faith in yourself."
Pinkie Pie says: "Yeah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "All you gotta do is make it right."
Pinkie Pie says: "Feel free to use that in your next book!"
Daring Do says: "You know, I think I will."
Egyptian-style music.