Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Dear Twilight, it is difficult to express how grateful I am to you for teaching me the power of friendship."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "You would think after more than a thousand years, there would be nothing left to learn."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "And yet, even a pony as old as I can continue to be surprised by how much there is to know."
Twilight Sparkle says: ""I hope you find these postcards enjoyable, and I look forward to seeing you again, though I can't say when my journey will be complete."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Your friend, Star Swirl."
Rarity says: "It must be gratifying to have your idol writing to you about the friendship lessons he's learning."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm not sure I'll ever get used to it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Of course, if he really wants to learn about friendship, he could just come to our school."
Cozy Glow says: "Professor Sparkle?"
Cozy Glow says: "The mailpony just came with, uh, a few things."
Rarity says: "Ooh!"
Rarity says: "The sewing machines I ordered for my class!"
Cozy Glow says: "These came, too."
Cozy Glow says: "I wasn't sure what to make of them."
Rarity says: "These machines were costly, but I am quite certain the friendship lessons I can teach my students with them will be invaluable."
Rarity says: "Oh, don't worry, darling."
Rarity says: "I'll think of something."
Rarity says: "And I didn't use the school funds to buy these."
Rarity says: "I made the purchase entirely with my own bits."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's not that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's this!"
Rarity says: ""Why waste your time at a friendship school that's just a school?"
Rarity says: "Learn everything they teach and more at Friendship University"?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Who would open another friendship school?"
Rarity says: "Oh, pfft!"
Rarity says: "I'm sure it's nothing to worry about."
Rarity says: "You're the Princess of Friendship."
Rarity says: "What could this other school possibly offer?"
Smolder says: "It isn't just another friendship school."
Smolder says: "It's a university!"
Ocellus says: "It says they teach the same lessons of competing schools in half the time."
Ocellus says: "That's twice the learning!"
Gallus says: "And it's in Las Pegasus?"
Gallus says: "If Professor Rarity lets us skip her sewing class – road trip!"
Rarity says: "I think we need to look into this school."
Rarity says: "I don't like to judge solely on appearances."
Rarity says: "But..."
Rarity says: "what kind of friendship school is this?"
"Polo Play" says: "Only the best friendship school in the west..."
"Polo Play" says: "and maybe all of Equestria!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "There's more ponies in here than at our whole school."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Who is running this place?"
Flim says: "Welcome, friends!"
Flim says: "You are about to embark on a journey of amazing magnitude!"
Flim says: "One that will change your lives forever!"
Flam says: "Prepare yourselves to embrace a new path and become students of..."
Flim says: "Friendship U!"
Flam says: "Friendship U!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Flim and Flam."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Of course."
Flim.
If you're alone and you can't make friends.
We understand your plight.
Flam.
Until now, there was just one way.
Your friendships could take flight.
Flim.
There is a school real far away.
That'll teach you what to know.
But if you live here, you couldn't stay.
Flam.
You'd learn you have to go-o-o-o.
Ponies says: "Awww..."
Flim.
Now, there is an alternative to all of that adversity.
Flam.
Not just a school, I'll have you know.
Flim and Flam.
But a whole university.
At Friendship U, our aim is true.
In a city, not some backwater.
You'll learn the things you need to know.
At our new alma mater.
Flim says: "That's it, everypony, you heard correct!"
Flam says: "Friendship U, the one and only university of friendship!"
Flim.
As you can see, we're a success.
By any kind of stat.
Twilight Sparkle.
That may be so, for all I know.
But I still smell a rat.
Flam.
Everypony, lookie here.
That other school's headmare.
Flim.
Her presence is a testament.
To the mutual respect...
Flim and Flam.
Twilight Sparkle says: "What?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No, it isn't!"
Flam.
It really is the final piece.
To make our work complete.
Flim.
To have the Friendship Princess.
Bless our school is such a treat.
Flam says: "We're so honored!"
Flim and Flam.
At Friendship U, we teach to you and you!
All of our friendship knowledge.
You'll learn it all in half the time.
At the one and only friendship college.
Twilight Sparkle says: "How can anypony learn friendship in half the time?"
Flam says: "Our coursework is so accelerated, to take longer would be a crime!"
Flim.
The lessons that we teach have been.
Reviewed and checked and edited.
Flam.
Which might explain why our new school's.
Flim and Flam.
About to be accredited.
At Friendship U, oh, yes, it's true.
Even the Princess of Friendship agrees.
The only place in Equestria.
To give out friendship degrees.
Yeah!
Ponies.
Friendship U!
Friendship U!
Friendship U!
Friendship U!
Friendship U!
Friendship U!
Flim says: "That's it, everypony!"
Flim says: "Let's hear it!"
Flim says: "Tell us again why it's the best!"
All.
It's the only university of Friendship U!
Flim and Flam.
Yeah!
Twilight Sparkle says: "Accredited?"
Flam says: "It means officially recognized or authorized."
Rarity says: "We know what it means."
Rarity says: "But who would accredit this place?"
Chancellor Neighsay says: "Why, the EEA, of course."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Chancellor Neighsay?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Chancellor Neighsay says: "The Equestria Educational Association has taken an interest in institutions that teach friendship in a pony-first environment."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "Surely you didn't think your school has a monopoly on the concept?"
Rarity says: "Well, she did write the book on it."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "Ah, yes."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "How to teach friendship to creatures who will one day use it as a weapon against us."
Twilight Sparkle says: "How could they use friendship as a weapon?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Chancellor Neighsay says: "You tell me."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "It's your book."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "Meantime, this university appears to be a promising option for ponies who'd prefer to stick to the EEA book on the subject."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You can't be serious."
Twilight Sparkle says: "They're obviously up to something."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's Flim and Flam!"
Flim says: "Well, that certainly wasn't friendly."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "One would think the headmare of a school of friendship – albeit an unaccredited one – would behave differently."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "Unless she was trying to undermine the competition?"
Chancellor Neighsay says: "Hmm?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I-I am not!"
Audience Pony says: "I did think the Princess of Friendship would be friendlier."
Flam says: "Now, now, fillies and gentlecolts."
Flam says: "Let's show the princess just how friendly we are by signing up for some classes!"
Flim says: "Why don't I show you around?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sorry, but approval from the EEA won't convince me that this school is what you promise."
Flim says: "And what would it take to convince you?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, somepony whose opinion I respect, for one."
Flim says: "Really?"
Flim says: "Somepony like..."
Flim says: "this?"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Twilight?"
Rarity says: "Uh-oh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Star Swirl?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What are you doing here?"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Why, studying friendship at Flim and Flam's wonderful school!"
Rarity says: "Oh, please."
Rarity says: "I think I know a disguise when I see one."
Rarity says: "Take off that ridiculous beard..."
Rarity says: "Flam!"
Flam says: "How's it going in here?"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "It-It's really me."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "I'd heard rumors you've returned, but I didn't believe it until now."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "And if a pony of your stature is studying here, there really isn't anything else I need to see."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "I, Chancellor Neighsay, hereby confer upon Friendship University complete and unreserved EEA accreditation!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't understand."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why would you come here and not my school?"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "My travels brought me to Las Pegasus."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "I didn't come for the school, but Flim and Flam convinced me to try it out."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You can't trust Flim and Flam!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "They tried to con the Apples out of their farm!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "They sold fake health tonic!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "They run a resort in Las Pegasus!"
Flam says: "Technically, our resort is a legitimate business."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "I spent a thousand years thinking the worst of a "bad" pony."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "You taught me to look for the best in him."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Whatever Flim and Flam's past may be, starting this school shows they want to change for the better."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I wish I could believe that."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Besides, what's untrustworthy about opening a school of friendship?"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "They don't even charge for classes."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I know they're up to something."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And until I find out, I'm begging you, come to my school instead."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "I understand feeling threatened by competition, but my word, Princess."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "I wonder if the ill manners of the creatures at your school aren't contagious."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "I think I will take my leave before I become infected."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Twilight, I promise I'll visit your school soon."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "But for now, perhaps it's best if you return there."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You don't think they're running an actual friendship school, do you?"
Rarity says: "Darling, of course not."
Rarity says: "Which is why we have to investigate!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But we can't go poking around the school."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everypony'll think I'm still just "threatened by the competition"."
Rarity says: "Only if we do it as ourselves."
Rarity says: "In these disguises, we could pass as students at out own school."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know, Rarity."
Rarity says: "Ah-ah."
Rarity says: "What did I say about using our real names?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sorry, "Plainity"."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I'm pretty sure this isn't enough of a disguise."
"Polo Play" says: "Hey, strangers!"
"Polo Play" says: "Are you two new here?"
Rarity says: "We sure are."
Rarity says: "Completely new."
"Polo Play" says: "Great!"
"Polo Play" says: "See ya in class!"
Rarity says: "Okay!"
Rarity says: "Your turn."
Twilight Sparkle says: "My name's Eyepatch."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I have an eye patch."
Rarity says: "Perfect!"
Rarity says: "Now, how do we start our investigation?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think we should split up."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You enroll in some classes and find out what they're actually teaching."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'll look around and see what I can find, assuming I'm not recognized."
Flam says: "Welcome, newest students!"
Flam says: "Let's dive right in, shall we?"
Flam says: "One of the most important elements of friendship is being thoughtful."
Flam says: "True or false?"
Rarity says: "If by "thoughtful" you mean "generous", I'd say true."
Flam says: "Correct!"
Flam says: "It was a trick question."
Flam says: "Very impressive, Miss..."
Flam says: "?"
Rarity says: "Plainity."
Flam says: "Well, well, well, Miss Plainity, keep it up and you'll be ready for our next level in no time!"
Flam says: "Now, let's see if you can demonstrate for the class."
Flam says: "What's something generous you could do for..."
Flam says: "me right now?"
Flam says: "Class, Plainity here is now my star pupil."
Flam says: "If any of you want a chance at studying with Star Swirl, I'd take notes on her every action."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hello?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The door is open, so I'll just assume it's okay to come in and look around."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Unless somepony says it's not."
Twilight Sparkle says: "All right, then."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Where is the proof that it's all a scam?"
Flam says: "There isn't any!"
Flim says: "Twilight Sparkle!"
Flim says: "Did you really think an eye patch was enough of a disguise?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No, I didn't!"
Flam says: "Well, then we agree that everypony will recognize the Princess of Friendship in this photo of you sneaking into our office."
Flim says: "I can see the headline now!"
Flim says: ""Princess of Jealousy!"
Flim says: "Twilight Sparkle Bent on Ruining Her Competition!"
Flam says: "So sad."
Flam says: "A news story like that would destroy your reputation."
Flam says: "Nopony will want to go to your school after that."
Flam says: "Just wait until the papers get a hold of this!"
Flim says: ""Princess Unhinged!"
Flim says: "" It'll be the talk of Equestria!"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Well, gentleponies, I've finished another stack."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "The lessons in these worksheets are quite fascinating."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Twilight?"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "What's going on here?"
Flim says: "Oh, just your protégé getting caught snooping in our office in disguise!"
Flim says: "Well, sort of."
Flam says: "Oh, honestly, Princess Twilight, envy does not look good on you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm not envious!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know these two are up to something."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm just trying to find out what."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "The only pony I see who is up to something is the pony in this picture, and it is not the princess I know."
Flim says: "Well, it's about to be the princess all of Equestria knows."
Flam says: "Unless..."
Flam says: "you decided to drop the whole "uncover the scam" thing."
Flim says: "Then we'll rip this silly picture up and not let it completely and utterly ruin you and your school."
Rarity says: "You can be generous with all sorts of things."
Rarity says: "Gifts, compliments, your time."
Rarity says: "Hey, Eyepatch!"
Rarity says: "Where's your eye patch?"
Rarity says: "Was your cover blown?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You could say that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Flim and Flam took a picture of me sneaking into their office."
Rarity says: "Were we wearing our eye patch?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "If I don't stop investigating, they're going to tell everypony that I'm trying to sabotage their school because I'm jealous."
Rarity says: "But-But-But that's ridiculous!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe I am just upset that Star Swirl came here instead of my school."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Flim and Flam may have turned over a new leaf."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We should probably just go home."
Rarity says: "Twilight, you are not the kind of pony to let your emotions cloud your judgment."
Rarity says: "If you think Flim and Flam are up to no good, you can't give up, even if their lessons really are impressive."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wait, what?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Rarity says: "Which reminds me."
Rarity says: "Can you get a message to Spike?"
Rarity says: "I want to return those sewing machines."
Rarity says: "I need the bits if I'm going to keep advancing here."
Rarity says: "Tuition's free, but the worksheets sure aren't."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Flim and Flam are charging for these?"
Rarity says: "Well, they have to cover expenses, and Flam insists that everything extra goes to improving the school and—"
Rarity says: "This is the scam, isn't it?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Let's find out."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "These lessons are so valuable."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Are you sure I can't give you more?"
Flam says: "Ah-ah-ah!"
Flam says: "Unnecessary!"
Flam says: "Being able to share them with a pony like you is our real reward."
Flam says: "Oh, my."
Flam says: "And you want to study alongside Star Swirl, hmm?"
Destitute Pony says: "It's all I have."
Flim says: "Come back for the rest when you can afford it."
Destitute Pony says: "W-Wait!"
Destitute Pony says: "I'll sell the shirt off my back!"
Flam says: "And that's the kind of determination that'll get you to the next level, student whose..."
Flam says: "name I know!"
Rarity says: "Twilight, maybe I should take over the investigation."
Rarity says: "Think of your reputation!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "My reputation isn't worth much if I won't risk it for what I think is right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Besides, I have a plan."
Flim says: "Well, brother of mine, we've got almost all the bits we need to expand our resort."
Flim says: "If we add another level of classes and worksheets, we'll be there."
Flam says: "Maybe we should add two levels, just to be safe."
Flim says: "It's a thing of beauty."
Flim says: "But I was thinking."
Flim says: "What if we added another extreme pool slide here?"
Flam says: "Mmmm..."
Flam says: "Sure, as long as the pipes for the musical chocolate fountain go through..."
Flam says: "here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But shouldn't it go closer to the pudding hot tub here?"
Flim says: "Fair point, but—"
Flim says: "What?!"
Flim says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I knew your school was a scam!"
Flim says: "Well, well, well, if it isn't the Princess of Jealousy."
Flim says: "I guess we'll be going to the papers after all."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And I suppose I'll just lead your students into this secret room of bits and resort expansion plans!"
Flam says: "Uhhhh..."
Flam says: "l-let's not get hasty."
Flam says: "You have something on us."
Flam says: "We have something on you."
Flam says: "Let's just call it even."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't think so."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You can destroy my reputation if you want, but using your students' bits to expand your resort is wrong, even if the lessons you teach are good ones."
Flam says: "Of course they're good."
Flam says: "We copied them from your book."
Flim says: "We just skipped every other page."
Flim says: "All the lessons, half the time!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fine."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If you really want to call it even, give back the bits and stop charging for my lessons."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Then you can teach them as much as you like."
Flim says: "Nah!"
Flam says: "Nah!"
Flim says: "Running a school is more work than we thought."
Flim says: "Besides, we almost have everything we need."
Rarity says: "I think not!"
Flam says: "Plainity?"
Flam says: "My star pupil?"
Rarity says: "Rarity!"
Flim says: "Who?"
Rarity says: "We decided to bring somepony else here to listen to everything you just said!"
Flim says: "Hey, Star Swirl."
Flim says: "We were just about to—"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Return the bits you've collected from your students and close your school?"
Flam says: "Yeah."
Flam says: "That."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "It seems I'll never stop learning from your example, Twilight."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "It is a valuable lesson to stand up for what you know is true."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "I wish I had known it, too."
Student 4 says: "Thanks for returning our bits."
Student 4 says: "But how are we going to learn about friendship now?"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Well, I can refer you to a fairly reputable establishment just outside of Ponyville."
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "I'm quite certain the headmare would consider letting you in."
Twilight Sparkle says: ""Of course, if I ever go to a school again, I'll make sure it's yours."
Twilight Sparkle says: "In friendship, Star Swirl."
Rarity says: "I still don't understand how Flim and Flam could have gotten a copy of your book."
Cozy Glow says: "Uh, I finished straightening up in the library."
Cozy Glow says: "Professor Rarity, I just wanted to make sure you're definitely keeping these."
Rarity says: "But of course, darling."
Rarity says: "If there's one thing I learned at Friendship University, it is not to give up when you know what's right."
Rarity says: "And I know teaching friendship through sewing is right!"
Rarity says: "I just need to figure out how."