Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "I'll never understand the ponies in this town!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Everywhere I went, they were all gussied up and lookin' at me funny!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Kept asking if I was "nervous"!"
Matilda says: "Did they forget the wedding is tomorrow?"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Oh, maybe they're just as excited for us to be married as I am."
Matilda says: "Well, they're going to feel awfully silly when they realize they've got the wrong date."
Matilda says: "The invitations are wrong!"
Matilda says: "This says the wedding is today!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "But I got such a good deal on them..."
Matilda says: "Everypony in town got these!"
Matilda says: "The princesses have even RSVP'd!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "I told you we should have eloped!"
Matilda says: "Oh, dear."
Matilda says: "The caterer, the flowers, the musicians!"
Matilda says: "We've got to move it all to today!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "What?!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "!"
Matilda says: "Where's my wedding planner?!"
Matilda says: "!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "You told me you could do it for half what the others charged, and then you sent the invitations to everypony in town with the wrong date!"
Derpy says: "Muffin?"
Derpy says: "I really messed up on those invitations!"
Derpy says: "I feel just awful, Doc!"
Savoir Fare says: "Hmph!"
Savoir Fare says: "Perhaps that explains why I never got mine!"
Derpy says: "I told Cranky I could get 'em printed for cheap, but that meant hiring somepony with no experience using a printing press."
Derpy says: "Oh, I wish there was a way I could go back in time and fix all this."
Dr. Hooves says: "Going back in time is old thinking, my friend."
Dr. Hooves says: "I was working off a cutting-edge theory of making time come forward to you."
Dr. Hooves says: "My life's work, decades – centuries, really – of research and experimentation, and I nearly had it cracked!"
Dr. Hooves says: "Turns out there's a magic spell for it."
Dr. Hooves says: "Who knew?"
Dr. Hooves says: "But there are so many things that magic can't explain, where science and mathematics are the real magic!"
Derpy says: "Like these?"
Derpy says: "They're pretty."
Dr. Hooves says: "Ah, yes, my flameless fireworks."
Dr. Hooves says: "I never could quite figure out how to get them to ignite."
Derpy says: "How did you learn to make all this stuff anyway?"
Dr. Hooves says: "I've been studying science my whole life."
Dr. Hooves says: "Ever since a particularly traumatic experience as a foal, I've been looking for ways to make sense of the world around me."
Dr. Hooves says: "Science provides explanations of things we never thought possible!"
Dr. Hooves says: "Now, why did we come here again?"
Derpy says: "Yeah."
Derpy says: "Oh!"
Derpy says: "Because I accidentally sent out invitations for Cranky and Matilda's wedding with today's date instead of tomorrow's!"
Dr. Hooves says: "Great whickering stallions!"
Dr. Hooves says: "I completely forgot!"
Dr. Hooves says: "And I still need to get my suit tailored!"
Dr. Hooves says: "Rarity?"
Dr. Hooves says: "Have you seen Rarity?"
Dr. Hooves says: "She's got to alter the sleeves on my suit, and she's got to do it now!"
Dr. Hooves says: "Oh, ha-ha, thank goodness."
Dr. Hooves says: "Lead on, my friend."
Dr. Hooves says: "Er, why have you brought me here?"
Dr. Hooves says: "Rarity would never set hoof in—"
Dr. Hooves says: "Great whickering stallions, they've got style!"
Dr. Hooves says: "Gentlecolts!"
Dr. Hooves says: "I'm facing certain calamity, and I couldn't help noticing your remarkable fashion sense."
Dr. Hooves says: "Could I have the name of your incredible tailor?"
Jeff Letrotski says: "Oh, yeah, man."
Jeff Letrotski says: "His name is me."
Dr. Hooves says: ""Me"."
Dr. Hooves says: "What an unfortunate name."
Jeff Letrotski says: "No, man, like, I manufacture all of my own garments."
Jeff Letrotski says: "We all do, man."
Dr. Hooves says: "Then you've got to help me!"
Dr. Hooves says: "I need this suit tailored!"
Dr. Hooves says: "It's an emergency!"
Jeff Letrotski says: "Sorry, man, we're just about to start the finals."
Dr. Hooves says: "What's this word you keep using – "man"?"
Jeff Letrotski says: "I dunno, man, but guess what?"
Jeff Letrotski says: "Our fourth didn't show, so if you roll with us, we'll alter your suit for you."
Dr. Hooves says: "I'm sorry, gentlecolts, but I will not bowl."
Dr. Hooves says: "The splits, the spares!"
Dr. Hooves says: "There are simply too many variables!"
Jeff Letrotski says: "Variables?"
Jeff Letrotski says: "What are you talking about, man?"
Jeff Letrotski says: "Just throw the ball straight!"
Dr. Hooves says: "Hold on."
Dr. Hooves says: "Straight?"
Dr. Hooves says: "Very well."
Dr. Hooves says: "I'll try your "straight" technique."
Dr. Hooves says: "It just might be crazy enough to work."
Octavia Melody says: "Do we know what they're on about?"
Apple Bloom says: "The way they're huddled up like that, I'd say it's either a friendship problem or a monster attack."
Octavia Melody says: "A monster attack?!"
Octavia Melody says: "!"
Octavia Melody says: "Blast!"
Octavia Melody says: "I'm performing at the ceremony this afternoon, and I still haven't sorted out what to play."
Octavia Melody says: "How am I meant to practice with a monster invading Ponyville?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Maybe it's just a friendship problem, and it'll all be cleared up in half an hour or so."
Octavia Melody says: "I hope so."
Matilda says: "Where's Pinkie Pie?!"
Matilda says: "!"
Matilda says: "I need my wedding planner!"
Matilda says: "Oh, no!"
Matilda says: "On my wedding day?!"
Matilda says: "!"
Matilda says: "Somepony's gotta help me!"
Matilda says: "You!"
Amethyst Star says: "Me?"
Matilda says: "I need to move an entire wedding from tomorrow to today!"
Amethyst Star says: "But nopony's asked me to organize anything since Twilight came to town."
Matilda says: "So you'll do it?"
Amethyst Star says: "I used to be the best organizer in all of Ponyville."
Amethyst Star says: "You bet I'll—"
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa!"
Matilda says: "Come on!"
Matilda says: "We better get to the salon before that monster flattens it!"
Derpy says: "What am I gonna do?"
Derpy says: "Matilda!"
Derpy says: "I feel so bad about the invitations!"
Derpy says: "Is there anything I can do—"
Matilda says: "FLOWERS!"
Lily Valley says: "You want Matilda's arrangements..."
Lily Valley says: "today?!"
Lily Valley says: "!"
Daisy says: "This is awful!"
Rose says: "The horror, the horror!"
Derpy says: "So there's no way you can do it?"
Lily Valley says: "We don't even have Matilda's flowers in yet, much less arranged!"
Lily Valley says: "This is a disaster!"
Derpy says: "Okay."
Derpy says: "Thanks anyway."
Lily Valley says: "Look, girls!"
Lily Valley says: "A broken stem on one of the zinnias!"
Daisy says: "Whaaat?!"
Daisy says: "!"
Rose says: "Oh, the horror, the horror!"
Sweetie Drops says: "I have to admit, when Matilda said we needed this place ready by today, I was a little nervous."
Lyra Heartstrings says: "With you by my side, I knew we'd get it done in time."
Sweetie Drops says: "There is nothing like a best friend, is there?"
Lyra Heartstrings says: "Anything's possible when you know somepony as well as we know each other!"
Sweetie Drops says: "What was that?"
Lyra Heartstrings says: "There's some monster attacking Ponyville or something."
Sweetie Drops says: "What is it this time?"
Sweetie Drops says: "A creature from the Everfree Forest?"
Lyra Heartstrings says: "Uh, I think it's some sort of bugbear."
Sweetie Drops says: "Did you say bugbear?"
Sweetie Drops says: "It found me!"
Lyra Heartstrings says: "What are you talking about, Bon Bon?"
Sweetie Drops says: "My name isn't Bon Bon."
Sweetie Drops says: "It's "Special Agent Sweetie Drops"."
Sweetie Drops says: "I work for a super-secret anti-monster agency in Canterlot, or at least I did until the bugbear went missing from Tartarus a few years back."
Lyra Heartstrings says: "What are you talking about?"
Sweetie Drops says: "When it escaped, we had to shutter the whole agency."
Sweetie Drops says: "Every last shred of evidence of the organization's existence was destroyed."
Sweetie Drops says: "Celestia demanded complete deniability."
Lyra Heartstrings says: "..."
Lyra Heartstrings says: "What?"
Sweetie Drops says: "It was me who captured the bugbear."
Sweetie Drops says: "I had to go deep cover here in Ponyville and assume the name Bon Bon."
Sweetie Drops says: "I never thought it'd be able to track me, but now it has."
Lyra Heartstrings says: "Are you saying our whole friendship was based on a lie?!"
Lyra Heartstrings says: "!"
Sweetie Drops says: "I'm sorry, Lyra!"
Sweetie Drops says: "I couldn't tell you for your own protection!"
Lyra Heartstrings says: "B-b-but the lunches!"
Lyra Heartstrings says: "The-the long talks!"
Lyra Heartstrings says: "The benches we sat on!"
Lyra Heartstrings says: "None of that was real?!"
Lyra Heartstrings says: "!"
Sweetie Drops says: "It was all real."
Sweetie Drops says: "You're my very best friend."
Sweetie Drops says: "I've got to go find a crowd to blend into before I put you in danger!"
Sweetie Drops says: "I'll see you at the wedding."
Lyra Heartstrings says: "Fine!"
Lyra Heartstrings says: "But we're going to talk about this later!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "I need my ring today, no matter the cost!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "..."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "As long as it doesn't cost any extra."
Jeff Letrotski says: "Seven/ten split, man."
Jeff Letrotski says: "Harshest of the harsh."
Jeff Letrotski says: "But if you pick this up, we win the whole shebang!"
Derpy says: "Doc!"
Derpy says: "I've finally figured out how I can help!"
Derpy says: "Your flameless fireworks look just like flowers!"
Derpy says: "I'll use them for the wedding!"
Dr. Hooves says: "Great whickering stallions!"
Dr. Hooves says: "Wait!"
Dr. Hooves says: "Wait!"
Dr. Hooves says: "The flameless fireworks are extremely volatile!"
Dr. Hooves says: "Without knowing what the trigger is, they could go off at any moment!"
Dr. Hooves says: "My word, is that a bugbear?"
Matilda says: "Oh, there are so many things I'm forgetting!"
Matilda says: "I hope Cranky remembers to tell the musicians!"
Matilda says: "Oh!"
Matilda says: "Oh!"
Matilda says: "I'll never get my mane done in time!"
Lotus Blossom says: "You must relax, my dear!"
Lotus Blossom says: "We can handle anything!"
Lotus Blossom says: "We once did a pony's hair during the ceremony!"
Steven Magnet says: "Oh, it's true, it's true!"
Steven Magnet says: "They really are the best!"
Steven Magnet says: "Matilda, I've just got to say, I already feel like we're family."
Matilda says: "You do?"
Steven Magnet says: "Of course!"
Steven Magnet says: "I'm Steven Magnet, Cranky's best beast!"
Matilda says: "You're Steven Magnet?"
Steven Magnet says: "Well, what'd you expect, a bugbear?"
Steven Magnet says: "I've known Cranky forev-er!"
Steven Magnet says: "Surely he must have told you about the time he saved me from Flash Freeze Lake?"
Matilda says: "..."
Matilda says: "You're Steven Magnet."
Steven Magnet says: "Oh, I know, I know!"
Steven Magnet says: "Typical Cranky, to leave out minor details, like the fact that I'm, y'know, a sea monster, right?"
Steven Magnet says: "I just love that old burro!"
Matilda says: "I'm sorry, Steven."
Matilda says: "I guess I assumed you were a pony."
Matilda says: "And I had no idea you had such adventures together."
Steven Magnet says: "Oh, honey, you don't know the half of it!"
Steven Magnet says: "But let me tell you something."
Steven Magnet says: "In all that we've been through together, the only thing he ever cared about was finding you."
Matilda says: "Really?"
Steven Magnet says: "Well, that and a baldness cure."
Matilda says: "He is the sweetest thing, isn't he?"
Matilda says: "All the stress I've put myself through."
Matilda says: "All the stress I've put him through."
Matilda says: "The only thing that matters is that we're together."
Matilda says: "The wedding isn't the important thing – the marriage is."
Steven Magnet says: "Honey, the wedding is everything."
Octavia Melody says: "Thanks, but I'm not sure that's appropriate for a wedding, is it?"
Octavia Melody says: "That's more like it!"
Octavia Melody says: "Stop!"
Octavia Melody says: "I'm going to be late for the wedding!"
Octavia Melody says: "Something like that might work."
Princess Celestia says: "What do you mean you left it on the counter?!"
Princess Celestia says: "!"
Princess Luna says: "I thought you were bringing it!"
Princess Celestia says: "Well, this is just wonderful!"
Princess Luna says: "I handled the gift for Cadance and Shining Armor!"
Princess Luna says: "You were supposed to do this one, remember?"
Princess Celestia says: "Well, we can't just come to this wedding empty-hoofed!"
Princess Cadance says: "It's alright."
Princess Cadance says: "He always cries at weddings."
Princess Cadance says: "..."
Princess Cadance says: "Usually it's not until the wedding starts."
Derpy says: "These flameless fireworks look even better than flowers!"
Sweetie Drops says: "Attention, everypony!"
Sweetie Drops says: "Our friends have done it!"
Sweetie Drops says: "They've defeated the bugbear!"
Sweetie Drops says: "Hey."
Lyra Heartstrings says: "Hello."
Sweetie Drops says: "So, uh, you didn't happen to mention our earlier conversation about my  to anypony, did you?"
Lyra Heartstrings says: "No."
Lyra Heartstrings says: "I did not."
Lyra Heartstrings says: "And you're not the only one with a secret, y'know."
Lyra Heartstrings says: "You know those expensive imported oats you were saving for a special occasion?"
Lyra Heartstrings says: "I cooked them up and ate them!"
Lyra Heartstrings says: "All of them!"
Lyra Heartstrings says: "It's sort of thrilling to reveal your deepest, darkest secrets!"
Sweetie Drops says: "That's what best friends are for."
Princess Celestia says: "Next time, you can just bring your own gift, and I'll bring mine."
Princess Luna says: "Fine."
Dr. Hooves says: "There you are!"
Dr. Hooves says: "My suit has vanished and this was the only thing left in my closet!"
Dr. Hooves says: "How do I look?"
Derpy says: "Like a million bits!"
Dr. Hooves says: "Great whickering stallions, look at the time!"
Dr. Hooves says: "We'd better get inside."
Dr. Hooves says: "Allons-y!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "I can't believe I lost my hair!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "I look ridiculous."
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "The love of my life deserves better than this!"
Steven Magnet says: "Have no fear, Cranky, my dear."
Steven Magnet says: "It's Steven Magnet's mustache to the rescue!"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "Aw, thanks, buddy."
Steven Magnet says: "Oh, no problem."
Steven Magnet says: "Now you get in there and marry that donkey!"
Mayor Mare says: "Well, is everypony here?"
Derpy says: "All set, Mayor!"
Mayor Mare says: "Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today to join these two in mare-trimony."
Mayor Mare says: "As I look around this room, I can only imagine how uncomfortable Cranky must be."
Mayor Mare says: "But I also see so many ponies from all trots of life, brought together by love."
Mayor Mare says: "Cranky searched all across this great land of ours to find Matilda, and no matter what obstacles kept them apart, love would finally bring them together, just as it has brought all of us together now."
Mayor Mare says: "It's remarkable to me how a story like Cranky's search for Matilda could fill this room with such a unique collection of ponies!"
Mayor Mare says: "It makes you realize that everypony is the star of their own story."
Mayor Mare says: "And it's not just the main characters in our stories that make life so rich!"
Mayor Mare says: "It's everypony – those who play big parts and those who play small."
Mayor Mare says: "If it weren't for everypony in this room and many more who couldn't be here today, Cranky and Matilda's lives wouldn't be as full and vibrant as they are."
Mayor Mare says: "And so, in front of all these loved ones..."
Mayor Mare says: "Cranky, do you take this donkey to be your lawfully wedded wife?"
Cranky Doodle Donkey says: "You bet I do!"
Mayor Mare says: "And do you, Matilda, take this donkey to be your lawfully wedded husband?"
Matilda says: "I do!"
Mayor Mare says: "Then I'm proud to say, I now pronounce you jack and jenny!"
Dr. Hooves says: "Of course!"
Dr. Hooves says: "They need love to ignite!"
Dr. Hooves says: "How could I have missed it?!"
Dr. Hooves says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You know something, girls?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We are so lucky to live in this town."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I love you all!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ow!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That's where the bugbear bit me!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sorry!"