Fluttershy says: "Phew!"
Fluttershy says: "Thanks for helping me get them so fresh and clean, Twilight."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No problem, happy to do it!"
Fluttershy says: "You probably can't wait to get back to your castle and take your own bath, huh?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Aren't there more animals that need cleaning?"
Fluttershy says: "I think you and I are the only ones left, and I can't wait to get the mud out of my mane."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, no!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Angel got dirty!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'd better stay longer to help give him a bath too!"
Fluttershy says: "Thank you ever so much for staying to give Angel a bath too, but, um..."
Fluttershy says: "I think he's dry."
Fluttershy says: "Goodness!"
Fluttershy says: "It's gotten late!"
Fluttershy says: "You really didn't have to stay all day."
Fluttershy says: "Not that we don't appreciate it."
Fluttershy says: "Isn't that right?"
Fluttershy says: "I for one am exhausted."
Fluttershy says: "And I'm sure you have to get the castle ready."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The castle's..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "fine!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But maybe I'd better see if Pinkie Pie needs help with the pancakes!"
Fluttershy says: "Um, Angel?"
Applejack says: "Mm, these are delicious, Pinkie Pie!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Thanks!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Twilight spent all night helping me pick the flavor!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I kept thinking we'd found the right one, but she insisted I make even more to try."
Pinkie Pie says: "And more."
Pinkie Pie says: "And more and more and more and more!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It was like she never wanted to—"
Fluttershy says: "Leave?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Exactly!"
Pinkie Pie says: "The surprise is I lost a measuring spoon in the batter."
Pinkie Pie says: "Somepony's gonna get a very special pancake!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Up all night, huh?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Is that why she's so, uh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "out of it?"
Fluttershy says: "Um, I don't mean to sound unappreciative, but has anypony else noticed that Twilight has been a little too helpful lately?"
Applejack says: "Now that you mention it, she was lendin' a hoof at Sweet Apple Acres the other day and stuck around 'til near midnight."
Applejack says: "Dug up fifty tree-plantin' holes when all I needed was ten."
Rarity says: "She spent an entire afternoon rearranging a single gem drawer at the boutique."
Rarity says: "An entire afternoon!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You think that's weird?"
Rainbow Dash says: "She raced me, like, a hundred times the other day."
Rainbow Dash says: "And lost every time!"
Rainbow Dash says: "She just kept goin'!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Best out of ten, best out of twenty, best out of a hundred!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I mean, I know hanging out with me is awesome, but it was like she'd rather keep losing than—"
Fluttershy says: "Leave?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah."
Rainbow Dash says: "Who does that?"
Applejack says: "Somepony who's avoidin' somethin', that's who."
Applejack says: "Soon as she wakes up, we're gonna find out what."
Pinkie Pie says: "I win!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Huh?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm pancake!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I mean, awake..."
Applejack says: "Uh, Twilight?"
Applejack says: "Is there somethin' you wanna tell us?"
Rarity says: "You know how much we appreciate all you do for us, and we simply adore having you around..."
Rarity says: "but..."
Rarity says: "we worry you might be..."
Rarity says: "ahem..."
Rarity says: "avoiding something else?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, has it been that obvious?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've been..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "the thing is..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know it's silly, but I..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've been avoiding..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "this place."
Rarity says: "Why in Equestria would you want to avoid such a gorgeous castle?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yeah, this place has everything!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Big tall ceilings that make you feel tiny!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Shiny new floors that are cold to the touch!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Brrr!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And it even has loooong empty hallways!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Okay, I get it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The castle is amazing."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But it just..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It doesn't feel like home."
Rarity says: "Oh, is that all?"
Rarity says: "Why, you simply need to decorate, darling."
Rarity says: "Make this space your own!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's just so daunting!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Look how big it is!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I-I don't even know where to start!"
Rarity says: "You can start by letting us do it for you."
Rarity says: "We will make this the castle of your dreams while you go to the Ponyville spa for some much needed rest and relaxation."
Rarity says: "I'm saying this with love, but..."
Rarity says: "have you looked in a mirror lately?"
Rarity says: "I've never seen you look this..."
Rarity says: "mmmm..."
Fluttershy says: "Frazzled?"
Rarity says: "Yes!"
Rarity says: "That is absolutely the word I was going to use."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ooh, I guess I do need a little help."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And so does my castle."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And I just know you'll do a great job, because nopony knows me better than you."
Applejack says: "We'll make this place feel cozier than hot cider on a rainy day."
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, I mean, let's decorate!"
Spike says: "Oh, no!"
Spike says: "Did I miss the pancakes?!"
Spike says: "!"
Spike says: "I sleep like a baby under that cold, cavernous ceiling."
Rarity says: "Spike, I'm so glad you're here!"
Spike says: "Really?"
Rarity says: "Yes!"
Rarity says: "You're taking Twilight to the spa!"
Spike says: "Great!"
Spike says: "I've been meaning to get my claws done!"
Applejack says: "Come on, y'all!"
Applejack says: "We've got work to do!"
Rainbow Dash.
Let's all work together.
To make this castle shi-i-ine.
Rarity.
Once we add some sparkle.
It'll feel, it'll feel, it'll feel...
All.
It'll feel divine.
Applejack.
Crates of apples an' bales o' hay.
Just makes ya feel at home.
Fluttershy.
Furry friends and some popinjays.
So she won't be alone.
All.
And we'll make, and we'll make, and we'll make.
This castle a home.
Pinkie Pie.
There's nothing like balloons and confetti.
To greet you every time you walk through the door.
Rainbow Dash.
She'll need this and those.
Posters of all my heroes.
How could anypony awesome ever ask for more?
All.
And we'll make, and we'll make, and we'll make.
A home she'll adore.
Rarity.
Bright curtains of flowing silk and lace.
Rainbow Dash.
This picture of me winning a race.
Pinkie Pie.
Party cannons to give her a surprise.
Applejack.
Hoes and rakes and some more garden supplies.
Fluttershy.
Getting hugs from this nice, big, friendly bear.
Rarity.
Decorate with some gemstones bright and rare.
Rainbow Dash.
More of this and that.
Pinkie Pie.
Don't forget the party hats.
Rainbow Dash.
How could anypony awesome ask for more than that?
Applejack.
Let's all work together.
Fluttershy.
To show that we have shown.
Rarity.
Princess Twilight Sparkle.
All.
How we make, how we make, how we make.
This castle a home.
How we make, how we make.
This castle a home.
How we make, how we make.
This castle a home!
Rainbow Dash says: "We sure did..."
Rainbow Dash says: "something."
Pinkie Pie says: "Together."
Rarity says: "All together."
Rainbow Dash says: "Fluttershy, I love that you brought so many animals."
Fluttershy says: "Are these your trophies?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I prefer to think of them as everypony's trophies but with my name permanently etched onto them."
Rarity says: "Are these quilts vintage?"
Applejack says: "Nope, just old!"
Applejack says: "Unlike your sparkly window doohickeys which are..."
Applejack says: "why, they're just swell!"
Pinkie Pie says: "No one said anything about my hidden confetti cannons!"
Spike says: "Hey guys, how do my claws look—"
Spike says: "Sweet Celestia!"
Rarity says: "Oh, Spike!"
Rarity says: "Are you and Twilight done already?"
Spike says: "Don't worry, I ordered her the super-deluxe mane blow-out!"
Spike says: "She'll be a while."
Spike says: "Man, this place looks terrible!"
Main cast sans Twilight says: "Phew!"
Fluttershy says: "Thank goodness somepony said something!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's pretty bad, right?"
Applejack says: "This place looks like a mishmash of knickknacks."
Rarity says: "Hmm, I suppose it is a little cluttered."
Pinkie Pie says: "What are you guys talking about?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I think it looks super fun!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whee!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, no!"
Fluttershy says: "Please don't do that!"
Fluttershy says: "If you all just take a deep breath and calm down—"
Rarity says: "No!"
Rarity says: "That bunting is embroidered by hoof!"
Rarity says: "Don't you move one more paw!"
Rarity says: "Everypony, stop!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Okay, now it's a mess."
Rainbow Dash says: "What're we gonna do?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Spike says: "I dunno."
Spike says: "But Twilight's blow-out won't take that long."
Spike says: "If she was avoiding the castle before, she'll never set hoof in here now!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Come on, guys, we've gotta do something!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Twilight's counting on us!"
Rarity says: "Spike, you've got to get back to that spa and stall her!"
Rarity says: "Whatever you do, don't let her come home!"
Spike says: "Like, forever?"
Spike says: "But we live here."
Rarity says: "Uh, yes, well, uh, maybe you could manage it 'til..."
Rarity says: "sunset-ish?"
Spike says: "Anything for you, Rarity..."
Applejack says: "Okay, we all agree the castle is too cluttered, right?"
Applejack says: "So why doesn't everypony take one of their own decorations out and we'll see how it looks?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike, you're back!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "How do I look?"
Spike says: "Great!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And more importantly, how does the castle look?"
Spike says: "Great?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't wait to go home and see it!"
Spike says: "Great!"
Spike says: "I mean, no!"
Spike says: "I mean, uh, I'm not..."
Spike says: "quite ready to go yet."
Spike says: "Uh, why don't we have a massage?"
Spike says: "I was really hoping to get, uh..."
Spike says: "this thingy!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The 'Extra-strength-hot-stone-deep-tissue massage'?"
Spike says: "Yep!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think I'll just have a traditional massage, but you go for it."
Aloe says: "Did somepony order massages?"
Bulk Biceps says: "Yeah!"
Bulk Biceps says: "Let's do this, little dragon!"
Aloe says: "Oh, I hate it when he does that."
Aloe says: "Come with me, princess."
Applejack says: "Come on, Rarity."
Applejack says: "Everypony has taken somethin' out except you."
Rarity says: "Ooh, I know!"
Rarity says: "I simply can't decide."
Rainbow Dash says: "How about this?"
Rarity says: "No!"
Rarity says: "Not that!"
Rarity says: "Anything but that!"
Rainbow Dash says: "How about these?"
Rarity says: "Oh, but those brighten up the whole room!"
Rarity says: "They're my favorite accent!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Then let's lose the curtains!"
Rainbow Dash says: "The room wouldn't need brightening if they weren't making it so dark!"
Rarity says: "Not them!"
Rarity says: "They're my favorite too!"
Rainbow Dash says: "They can't all be your favorite!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay, I'm taking down the portrait."
Rainbow Dash says: "We all know what we look like."
Rarity says: "Well, the room still looks a little bit cluttered, doesn't it?"
Rarity says: "Perhaps I'll take down a poster or two."
Rarity says: "Only to be helpful, of course!"
Applejack says: "Okay, everypony calm down."
Applejack says: "I'm sure we can find a way to remove the clutter together."
Rarity says: "You're absolutely right, dear."
Applejack says: "Hey, those are my warmin' quilts!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Together!"
Rarity says: "Together!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Fluttershy, tell your birds to stop pecking at my balloons!"
Fluttershy says: "I guess they must not like being scared out of their wits by exploding confetti cannons or something."
Pinkie Pie says: "But we can't get rid of the cannons!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I don't remember where I hid them."
Rarity says: "Allow me to help."
Applejack says: "Oh, no, I'll help you."
Rainbow Dash says: "Not if I help you first!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Great suggestion, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I feel totally relaxed."
Spike says: "Ow."
Spike says: "Ow."
Spike says: "Ow."
Spike says: "Ow."
Spike says: "Ow..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You want to hop on?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe I can get us to the castle faster."
Spike says: "Ow!"
Spike says: "I mean..."
Spike says: "how..."
Spike says: "nice is this day?"
Spike says: "I was hoping we could take the scenic way back."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know."
Spike says: "Come on."
Spike says: "Walking is good for post-massage circulation."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Really?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've never heard that theory."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I really miss this place, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We had so many wonderful memories here."
Spike says: "We did, didn't we..."
Spike says: "?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, Spike, I'm so sorry."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Of course losing the Golden Oak Library was hard for you too."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've got an idea."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why don't we have the girls add some things to make the castle feel more like your home as well?"
Spike says: "Really?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hop on!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ow!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What are you doing?"
Spike says: "I, um..."
Spike says: "I just thought of what I want!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, okay."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What is it?"
Spike says: "It's a..."
Spike says: "well, I want a..."
Spike says: "it's..."
Spike says: "I kind of need a..."
Spike says: "a bed!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I thought you said you sleep like a baby in the castle."
Spike says: "Everypony knows babies are terrible sleepers."
Spike says: "Let's go!"
Rarity says: "There!"
Rarity says: "Now nothing is cluttering the castle!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You're right."
Rainbow Dash says: "There is literally nothing cluttering this castle."
Fluttershy says: "What do we do now?"
Rarity says: "I hate to be the bearer of more bad news, but it's almost sunset."
Rarity says: "If we don't figure this out soon, it's going to look like we didn't lift a hoof to help her!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Why is this so hard?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We're Twilight's best friends!"
Rainbow Dash says: "This should be easy for us!"
Applejack says: "She said it herself – if anypony should be able to make her feel comfortable in her new home, it's us."
Applejack says: "If we can't do it..."
Fluttershy says: "Then Twilight will be stuck living in a castle that makes her feel..."
Fluttershy says: "sad!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Wow, Fluttershy!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I didn't know you could be loud enough to echo!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What do we do?"
Pinkie Pie says: "What do we do?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "If Twilight comes home now, she'll be like "What did you guys do?"
Pinkie Pie says: "" And we'll have to be like "Nothing!"
Pinkie Pie says: "" And then she'll be like "I was counting on you!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Some friends you are!"
Pinkie Pie says: "" And we'll be like..."
Applejack says: "Calm down, Pinkie."
Applejack says: "We just need to figure out what we did wrong so we can make it right."
Rarity says: "Well, I didn't do anything wrong!"
Rarity says: "I did exactly what I would do if this were my home!"
Rainbow Dash says: "But it's not your home."
Rainbow Dash says: "It's Twilight's home!"
Rarity says: "Where she keeps all her Rainbow Dash trophies?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Touché."
Fluttershy says: "Maybe we're all a little guilty of making ourselves feel at home instead of Twilight."
Applejack says: "Come on, y'all."
Applejack says: "We just need to think about Twilight."
Applejack says: "What was it she'd loved about livin' in the Golden Oak Library?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, everything!"
Fluttershy says: "The books, the smell of books, the joy she felt from organizing books..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Remember that time I crashed into all those books attempting my sonic rainboom after you guys just cleaned up?"
Rainbow Dash says: "That was good times."
Applejack says: "Yeah, for you, maybe."
Rarity says: "Oh, and Applejack, remember when we were stuck having a sleepover there?"
Rarity says: "That turned out to be so much fun!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Remember the time it got blown up to smithereens?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Wait, no, that was the worst."
Applejack says: "We had a lot of good memories there, though."
Applejack says: "That's what made the Golden Oak Library home."
Rest of main cast sans Twilight says: "Yeah..."
Applejack says: "That's it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "How's that one?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Too soft?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Too hard?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Too lumpy?"
Spike says: "Um..."
Spike says: "Just right!"
Spike says: "I'll take it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, thank goodness."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I thought you'd never find one you liked!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Let's find a salespony and get out of here."
Spike says: "Sounds good to meee—"
Spike says: "I..."
Spike says: "nn, um, uh, heh..."
Spike says: "did you hear that?"
Spike says: "Too squeaky!"
Spike says: "Better keep looking!"
Applejack says: "Maybe my plan won't work after all."
Rarity says: "Of course it will, darling."
Rarity says: "I can see it!"
Rarity says: "You and Fluttershy stay here."
Rarity says: "Rainbow Dash and Pinkie Pie, you come with me."
Rarity says: "We're going shopping!"
Rarity says: "We'll meet back at the castle."
Applejack.
It's not the things that ya gather 'round.
Fluttershy.
It's not how much you own.
Rarity.
The things that hold the meaning in your life.
Are the memories you've sown.
All.
So we make, so we make, so we make.
This castle a home.
So we make, so we make.
This castle a home.
So we make, so we make.
This castle a home!
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hello?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're home!"
Rest of main cast says: "Welcome home!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, I, uh..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "love what you've done with the place."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You did such a good job of..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "preserving the integrity of the original design."
Spike says: "Aw, come on!"
Spike says: "It looks exactly the same!"
Spike says: "Do you know how hard it was to keep her from coming back here?!"
Spike says: "!"
Spike says: "I never want to see another dust ruffle as long as I live!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wait."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Keep me from coming back here?"
Rarity says: "It took a teensy bit longer than we thought."
Applejack says: "What really makes home feel like home isn't what it looks like."
Applejack says: "It's the memories you make when you're there."
Rarity says: "So we've made something that celebrates the memories we've made with you since you moved to Ponyville."
Fluttershy says: "The ornaments on the chandelier are reminders of all the fun we've had together."
Pinkie Pie says: "That one shows your party at the Golden Oak Library welcoming you to Ponyville!"
Fluttershy says: "The time we shared donuts after the Grand Galloping Gala!"
Rarity says: "We were hoping that being able to look at your beautiful old memories would inspire you to make new ones."
Applejack says: "And the best part of it is, it's made from the roots of the Golden Oak Library, so you'll never forget where you came from."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's exactly what the castle needed."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And I am ready to make new memories here."
Pinkie Pie says: "Then let's start right now with a new memory cake!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Seven layer what's-that-flavor mystery surprise!"
Pinkie Pie says: "These might be chocolate chips or they might be super-spicy black beans!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Let's go to the dining room."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's a little sparse, but  at least there's a table and chairs."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Whoa!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What happened in here?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Last I checked, this place was empty!"
Rarity says: "I couldn't help myself!"
Rarity says: "It was just begging for the personal touch!"
Applejack says: "Truth be told..."
Applejack says: "I couldn't either."
Applejack says: "Your kitchen might have some rustic farm decor, Twilight."
Rainbow Dash says: "And there may or may not be some Daring Do posters up in your library."
Fluttershy says: "And some stuffed animals in your bedroom."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What was that?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Applejack says: "One of Pinkie Pie's confetti cannons."
Pinkie Pie says: "What?"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's not my fault I hid them so well!"
Applejack says: "Oh, Pinkie..."