Scootaloo says: "Hey!"
Scootaloo says: "Rainbow Dash!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hiya, Scootaloo!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What's up?"
Scootaloo says: "The Rainbow Dash Fan Club just decided – everypony's coming to see you when the Wonderbolts' new tour comes through Ponyville!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, it's great that you guys are going to the show, Scoot, but I won't actually be performing in it."
Rainbow Dash says: "Reservists aren't in the show unless one of the real Wonderbolts can't fly."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'll probably be working crowd control or something."
Scootaloo says: "You're still gonna be wearing a Wonderbolts uniform though, right?"
Rainbow Dash says: "A Reservist one, yeah."
Scootaloo says: "Hmm."
Scootaloo says: "That's good enough for me."
Scootaloo says: "Whoa!"
Spitfire says: "Rainbow Dash!"
Spitfire says: "Glad we found you."
Spitfire says: "We need you in the show when we get to Ponyville."
Spitfire says: "Flying."
Scootaloo says: "But she's only in the Reserves!"
Spitfire says: "Not anymore, kid."
Rainbow Dash says: "You mean..."
Scootaloo says: "Yeah, Rainbow Dash!"
Scootaloo says: "Whoo!"
Spitfire says: "Heh."
Spitfire says: "What she said."
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, anypony seen my wing balm?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I don't want to be stiff when I show up at Wonderbolt headquarters."
Spike says: "Got it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Do you have time to tell us what happened, Rainbow Dash?"
Rarity says: "Oh, yes, we must know every detail!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Start from when you were a foal and you first knew your destiny was to become a Wonderbolt!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Heh."
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, not much to tell, really."
Rainbow Dash says: "Spitfire told me the Wonderbolts need me to go on tour with them."
Fluttershy says: "That's really great."
Fluttershy says: "I know how long you've been waiting for a spot to open up."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah."
Rainbow Dash says: "Fire Streak decided to retire and teach full-time."
Rainbow Dash says: "Cloudsdale Flight School will probably be churning out Wonderbolts with him there."
Rainbow Dash says: "But guess who was at the top of the Reserve list."
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh, ooh, I know!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Pick me!"
Rarity says: "So what do you do now, Dashie?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I have to report to Wonderbolts headquarters this afternoon."
Rainbow Dash says: "It's only two days 'til tour starts, and I need to learn the routine."
Pinkie Pie says: "You're leaving already?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "But we barely started your congratulation party!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I haven't even thought about your going-away party yet!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Pinkie, I'm not leaving Ponyville."
Rainbow Dash says: "I just have to train for this show."
Fluttershy says: "I hope everything goes well."
Fluttershy says: "Sounds like an awful lot of pressure having to learn everything so quickly."
Applejack says: "Yeah."
Applejack says: "Good luck, Dash."
Rainbow Dash says: "Luck?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Heh."
Rainbow Dash says: "Save that for the rest of the team."
Rainbow Dash says: "Now that my awesomeness has finally been recognized, the other Wonderbolts will have to keep up or eat my cloud trail!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everypony knows you're a great flyer, Rainbow Dash, but so are the rest of the Wonderbolts."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It might be more challenging than you think."
Rainbow Dash says: "Aw, you're right!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I mean, do I show up wearing sunglasses or not?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Sunglasses are automatically cool, but anypony can put them on."
Rainbow Dash says: "Maybe I'd stand out more if I didn't."
Spitfire says: "Team briefings are every morning at—"
Rainbow Dash says: "0720, because there were twenty ponies in the original E."
Rainbow Dash says: "U."
Rainbow Dash says: "P."
Rainbow Dash says: "Guard that became the Wonderbolts!"
Spitfire says: "Right."
Spitfire says: "And I know you've seen the academy bunks, but these are the official Wonderbolts barracks."
Rainbow Dash says: "Built by Admiral Fairweather himself!"
Spitfire says: "Don't forget rule number one, newbie."
Spitfire says: "Always check both ways before crossing the runway."
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, sure, but..."
Rainbow Dash says: "nopony else is here."
Spitfire says: "They will be, and most of the Wonderbolts like to make a flashy entrance, so stay alert."
Rainbow Dash says: "Right, no problem!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Is that General Flash's cap?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Spitfire says: "And the original crest with the Wonderbolts motto on it."
Rainbow Dash says: ""Altius volantis!"
Spitfire says: ""Altius volantis!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Soaring higher!"
Spitfire says: "Soaring higher!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Wow!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I mean, ha, cool."
Spitfire says: "Okay, newbie, we've got a show in two days, which means you gotta hustle your haunches to learn this routine."
Spitfire says: "You got five minutes to get dressed and get outside to meet the rest of the team."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yes, ma'am!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'll have all of the moves down by the end of the day!"
Spitfire says: "Let's hope so."
Spitfire says: "We're all expecting you to make quite an impression."
Rainbow Dash says: "Lookin' good!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay, you're about to take your first flight as an actual Wonderbolt."
Rainbow Dash says: "Just gotta go out there and knock 'em off their hooves."
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay, Wonderbolts, get ready to meet your most awesome member ever!"
Wonderbolts chattering.
Spitfire says: "Hey, look out!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Huh?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Whooaaa!"
Wonderbolts laughing.
Misty Fly says: "Whoa, most awesome entrance by a newbie ever."
Soarin says: "Are you okay, Rainbow Dash?"
Fleetfoot says: "More like Rainbow Crash."
Wonderbolts laughing.
Young Rainbow Dash says: "Okay, flight school!"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "Get ready for Rainbow Dash!"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "Hah—"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "whooooa!"
Young Hoops says: "More like Rainbow Crash!"
Young Hoops says: "Rainbow Crash!"
Young Pegasi says: "Rainbow Crash!"
Young Hoops says: "Rainbow Crash!"
Young Pegasi says: "Rainbow Crash!"
Young Hoops says: "Rainbow Crash!"
Young Pegasi says: "Rainbow Crash!"
Young Hoops says: "Rainbow Crash!"
Young Pegasi says: "Rainbow Crash!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You guys buzzed me on purpose!"
Spitfire says: "Not quite."
Spitfire says: "You forgot rule number one, newbie."
Surprise says: "Always check both ways before crossing the runway."
Fleetfoot says: "Always check both ways before crossing the runway."
High Winds says: "Always check both ways before crossing the runway."
Misty Fly says: "Always check both ways before crossing the runway."
Soarin says: "Always check both ways before crossing the runway."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, well, I was just..."
Rainbow Dash says: "testing you guys!"
Spitfire says: "Alright, nopony got hurt and we got a lot to do, so let's forget about this and get flying!"
Misty Fly says: "Classic rookie move, Rainbow Crash."
Misty Fly says: "That was amazing."
Spitfire says: "Higher, Crash!"
Spitfire says: "You're breaking formation!"
Soarin says: "Check your nine, Crash!"
Spitfire says: "Tighter, Crash, get in there!"
Rainbow Dash says: "My name's not Crash!"
Surprise says: "Huh, could've fooled me."
Fleetfoot says: "Hey, Crash, I know it was a tough day today, but don't worry."
Fleetfoot says: "You'll get the hang of it."
Rainbow Dash says: "Tough day?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Please."
Rainbow Dash says: "If I can pull off a sonic rainboom, I can learn this routine."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'll have it down cold tomorrow."
Rainbow Dash says: "Probably even come up with a couple of improvements."
Spitfire says: "Rainbow Dash, over here!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yes, ma'am!"
Spitfire says: "I'm glad you're still here."
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, yeah?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Did you want some ideas on how to make the show extra-awesome?"
Spitfire says: "Not quite."
Spitfire says: "I know you've been a Reservist for a while, but the 'Bolts have a few of their own rules you might not know about."
Spitfire says: "Like worst flyer of the day has to clean up the whole compound."
Spitfire says: "Better get to it, Crash."
Rainbow Dash says: "My name's not Crash."
Rest of main cast says: "Surprise!"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "Surprise!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What?"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "Hooray, Rainbow Dash!"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "Our favorite Wonderbolt!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We know you're probably tired, Rainbow Dash, but Pinkie wanted to throw you a real party."
Pinkie Pie says: "Your best day  ever party!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah."
Rainbow Dash says: "It was somethin', all right."
Applejack says: "Well we can't wait to hear all about it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Heh."
Rainbow Dash says: "And I'd love to tell you, I really would, but I'm pretty beat."
Rainbow Dash says: "You know, from all the..."
Rainbow Dash says: "excitement of my big day?"
Fluttershy says: "Um, is something wrong, Rainbow Dash?"
Rainbow Dash says: "What could be wrong?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm finally a Wonderbolt, which means everything has to be totally, perfectly awesome."
Rarity says: "Oh, no."
Rarity says: "Something is wrong."
Rarity says: "What happened, darling?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I told you, it's nothing!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I mean, maybe some of the Wonderbolts started calling me Rainbow Crash..."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, no!"
Fluttershy says: "Isn't that the same terrible nickname those bullies in flight school used to call you?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why would they call you that?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, I kinda sorta fell into a garbage can."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Urgh."
Pinkie Pie says: "Well, look at the bright side!"
Pinkie Pie says: "At least they didn't call you Rainbow Trash!"
Applejack says: "So you started off on the wrong hoof."
Applejack says: "I'll bet every new Wonderbolt has a tough first day."
Rarity says: "Mmm-hmm!"
Rarity says: "What you need is to find a positive way to stand out."
Rarity says: "As soon as you're known for something else, that nasty old nickname will be forgotten."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity's right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why don't you think of the Wonderbolts like us?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're a team, but we all stand out in different ways."
Rainbow Dash says: "That's it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm gonna stand out in a different way, just like you guys!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Goodbye, Rainbow Crash; hello, Captain Awesome!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Good morning, everypony!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Who's ready for a fantastic day of flying?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I know I am!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I just couldn't be more excited for the big show tomorrow."
Rainbow Dash says: "Are you guys excited?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm excited!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Actually, I'm always excited!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Some ponies even call me "Dynamic Dash"!"
Fleetfoot says: "Uh, Wonderbolts don't get excited, Crash."
Fleetfoot says: "You gotta keep a level head to fly the way we do."
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, of course I know that!"
Rainbow Dash says: "But the truth of the matter is, you should be excited!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's the dream of near every little Pegasus pony to grow up and fly with the Wonderbolts!"
Rainbow Dash says: "And here you all are doin' it!"
Fleetfoot says: "So are you."
Rainbow Dash says: "True!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Go ahead and call me "Forthright Filly" if you want."
Rainbow Dash says: "But shee-yucks, I like to tell it like it is, and I believe a pony oughta appreciate hard work payin' off like this, because bein' a Wonderbolt is somethin' special!"
Misty Fly says: "We know."
Rainbow Dash says: "You know, I was just reading about how dihedral wing angles can help increase stability in banking turns."
Rainbow Dash says: "It made me think that pre-flight checklists could really help increase our efficiency, so I went ahead and made them for everypony!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm always finding so much interesting information in books."
Rainbow Dash says: "In fact, a lot of ponies call me "Reading Rainboom"."
Spitfire says: "We all know how wings work, newbie!"
Spitfire says: "And we already have checklists!"
Spitfire says: "Now get off the runway!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Um, but if you're busy now, I can just come back later..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Or, you know, not at all..."
Rainbow Dash says: "I must tell you how much I just love these uniforms."
Rainbow Dash says: "Why, ever since I was a foal, I've admired the mixture of bold lines and classic contours."
Rainbow Dash says: "They don't call me "Rainbow Fash" for nothing."
Soarin says: "Uhhhh..."
Soarin says: "huh..."
Soarin says: "?"
Rainbow Dash says: "The "Fash" is for "Fashion"."
Spitfire says: "Crash!"
Spitfire says: "I'm not sure why you're acting like this, but you need to stop."
Rainbow Dash says: "I was just, you know, trying to show everypony all the awesome ways I can contribute to the 'Bolts."
Spitfire says: "I know you're excited to find your place on the team, but just focus on the routine for now, okay?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yes, ma'am."
Spitfire says: "Maybe this will help motivate you."
Wonderbolts motif plays.
Rainbow Dash says: "Crash?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Couldn't you just put my regular name on it?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Spitfire says: "That's not how it works around here."
Spitfire says: "We all have our nicknames on our jackets."
Spitfire says: "Right, Clipper?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Clipper?"
Soarin says: "Right, boss!"
Spitfire says: "Now it's official."
Spitfire says: "Welcome to the Wonderbolts, Crash!"
Rainbow Dash says: "If I don't come up with something unforgettable to add to the routine, I'm gonna be Rainbow Crash for the rest of my life!"
Scootaloo says: "This is gonna be so amazing!"
Spike says: "I know!"
Spike says: "I'm almost as excited as Pinkie Pie!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I can't wait to see Rainbow Dash's first performance as an honest-to-goodness Wonderbolt!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I hope there's cotton candy!"
Fluttershy says: "We should all remember to be extra supportive for Rainbow Dash too."
Rarity says: "Excellent point."
Rarity says: "It's simply dreadful that she's had such a rough start after finally achieving her dream."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow Dash is a pretty resilient pony."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sure she's shaken off her tough first day and turned it around by now!"
Applejack says: "Speakin' of..."
Applejack says: "Hey, Dash!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Perfect!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey, can I borrow Scootaloo?"
Scootaloo says: "Me?"
Scootaloo says: "What for?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, heh, I just needed some help and figured the president of the Rainbow Dash Fan Club was the right pony for the job!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I thought the Wonderbolt Reserves were here to help."
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, yeah, they're all busy doing, uh, official Reserve stuff."
Rainbow Dash says: "But don't worry!"
Rainbow Dash says: "With Scootaloo's help, everything's gonna be awesome."
Rainbow Dash says: "Better than awesome!"
Rarity says: "Does..."
Rarity says: "Does that mean practice went well yesterday?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Gotta go."
Scootaloo says: "What are we doing up here, Rainbow Dash?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I just need a small favor from you that's really gonna make this show something special."
Rainbow Dash says: "Now, the Wonderbolts are gonna fly over this ridge right before the finale of the show."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'll fly by last, and when I signal you, you zip up the ramp on your scooter and kick the storm cloud into my path!"
Scootaloo says: "What?"
Rainbow Dash says: "That kick will shoot off a lightning bolt right behind me, making me look totally awesome!"
Rainbow Dash says: "And then I'll do some incredible Rainbow Dash flying with it to create the coolest, show-stoppingest, lightning-tastic light show anypony has ever seen!"
Scootaloo says: "Are you sure about this?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh-huh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's gonna be so awesome!"
Rainbow Dash says: "And nopony will ever call me "Rainbow Crash" after this!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, gotta go!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Be ready for me, okay, Scootaloo?"
Scootaloo says: "Um..."
Scootaloo says: "okay..."
Scootaloo says: "?"
Announcer says: "Mares and gentlecolts, fillies and foals of all ages!"
Announcer says: "Look to the skies and prepare to be awestruck by the incredible flying prowess of..."
Announcer says: "the Wonderbolts!"
Fluttershy says: "I hope Spike and Pinkie Pie are done getting their snacks, or they're gonna miss Rainbow Dash!"
Rarity says: "Oh, don't worry, Fluttershy."
Rarity says: "Nothing would keep Pinkie Pie from missing this!"
Applejack says: "Heh."
Applejack says: "Except maybe cotton candy."
Spike says: "Come on, Pinkie, the show's starting!"
Pinkie Pie says: "One second!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Just a little bit bigger please, but hurry!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Bigger!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That was amazing!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "She's doing great!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Bigger!"
Scootaloo says: "I hope this works."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hope I'm not too late."
Pinkie Pie says: "I dunno what took that pony so long."
Pinkie Pie says: "That was amazing!"
Spitfire says: "Way to go, Rainbow Crash."
Spitfire says: "You gonna tell us what just happened, newbie?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm so sorry."
Spitfire says: "I should hope so."
Spitfire says: "You changed the routine without consulting me and put other ponies at risk."
Spitfire says: "I've drummed flyers out of the 'Bolts for less."
Rainbow Dash says: "I know, and I'm ready for whatever punishment you want."
Rainbow Dash says: "You guys were right to call me "Rainbow Crash"."
Rainbow Dash says: "I've always been a standout flyer, but since I joined the Wonderbolts, I've only stood out for making mistakes."
Rainbow Dash says: "It's been my dream my whole life, but..."
Rainbow Dash says: "I guess maybe I'm not Wonderbolt material after all."
Soarin says: "Are you serious?!"
Soarin says: "!"
Soarin says: "You're the most talented flyer we've ever had!"
Fleetfoot says: "And you've saved all of Equestria like, a dozen times."
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, I—"
Spitfire says: "Of course you're supposed to be a Wonderbolt."
Spitfire says: "We've been waiting for a spot to open up ever since you joined the Reserves!"
Rainbow Dash says: "But..."
Rainbow Dash says: "you guys all called me Rainbow Crash."
Soarin says: "Yeah, so?"
Soarin says: "My nickname's "Clipper"."
Soarin says: "You know why they call me that?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "'cause you're as fast as a ship?"
Soarin says: "Because I clipped my wing on a flagpole as I was landing on my first day."
Soarin says: "Heh."
Rainbow Dash says: "Huh."
Fleetfoot says: ""Flatfoot"."
Fleetfoot says: "My first day, I misjudged my landing and came down right on Spitfire's hoof."
Misty Fly says: ""Dizzy"."
Surprise says: ""Slowpoke"."
High Winds says: ""Hoof-in-Mouth"."
Spitfire says: "You don't wanna know what they call me."
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That is so much worse than Crash."
Spitfire says: "Right?"
Rainbow Dash says: "So does this mean I'm..."
Rainbow Dash says: "still on the team?"
Spitfire says: "Do you think you can be part of this team and not constantly try to showboat?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I promise!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I spent my whole life trying to be a standout flyer, but now that I'm a Wonderbolt, it's time to be okay with fitting in!"
Spitfire says: "Good, because I really didn't want to miss the chance to tease you for years about this catastrophe!"
Spitfire says: "I mean, that crash was epic!"
Wonderbolts laughing.
Spitfire says: "But you're on probation for a month."
Spitfire says: "Got a problem with that?!"
Spitfire says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "No, ma'am."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hey."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow Dash."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We just wanted to check on you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you doing okay?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm doing great, thanks!"
Scootaloo says: "Sure you don't need any help?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Nah."
Rainbow Dash says: "This mess is my responsibility, and I've gotta clean it up myself."
Rainbow Dash says: "And after this, Spitfire's got me cleaning the Wonderbolts' compound for the next month."
Scootaloo says: "So why are you in such a good mood?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Duh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Because I'm a Wonderbolt!"