Twilight Sparkle says: "You absolutely sure you can do this?"
Spike says: "Of course."
Spike says: "Wouldn't have agreed to it if I couldn't."
Spike says: "Piece of cake."
Spike says: "Speaking of cake, I got a little something I need to attend to."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yeah, like keeping an eye on a house full of critters."
Spike says: "Uh, yeah, uh, that was totally what I was talking about."
Spike says: "Relax."
Spike says: "Go to your welcoming thing in the Crystal Empire."
Spike says: "Spike's got it all under control."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hurry up, Twilight!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We can't miss our train!"
Conductor says: "Tickets."
Applejack says: "Oh, this is gonna be a real treat."
Applejack says: "Princess Cadance said she'd never seen the Crystal Ponies so excited."
Rainbow Dash says: "Duh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Of course they're excited."
Rainbow Dash says: "They're up for the Equestria Games."
Rainbow Dash says: "It's only the biggest sporting event in all of Equestria."
Rarity says: "Didn't Cloudsdale host the Equestria Games one year?"
Rainbow Dash says: "No."
Rainbow Dash says: "Cloudsdale should have hosted the games one year."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'll never forget when we got the bad news."
Laurette says: "The Equestria Games go to..."
Laurette says: "the city of Fillydelphia."
Young Rainbow Dash says: "NOOOOOOOOOOO!"
Rainbow Dash says: "These Crystal Ponies lost a thousand years to an evil king's curse."
Rainbow Dash says: "They've had enough bad news."
Rainbow Dash says: "No way we're letting them experience the pain of losing out on these games."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Exactly."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess Cadance is counting on us to do our part to convince the Games Inspector to choose the Crystal Empire."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And we are not gonna let her down."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are we?"
Pinkie Pie says: "NOOOOOOOOOOO!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I was just answering Twilight's question."
Main cast says: "Four, three, two, one!"
Main cast says: "The Crystal Empire, that's the one!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Okay, everypony, great job!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Sounds like we're ready."
Twilight Sparkle says: "One more time from the top."
Rarity says: "Oh, please!"
Rarity says: "I think that was perfect."
Applejack says: "But we've run this, like, twelve times already."
Applejack says: "I think we've got it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Cadance said the Games Inspector really puts folks through the wringer on her visits."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There's no margin for error here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And this time we need to practice the steps."
Applejack says: "On a train car?"
Rainbow Dash says: "You heard the pony!"
Rainbow Dash says: "On your hooves!"
Train Conductor says: "Crystal Empire, ladies!"
Train Conductor says: "Watch your step leaving the train!"
Applejack says: "Probably should've watched our step while we were still on it, too."
Pinkie Pie says: "Wow!"
Pinkie Pie says: "The Crystal Empire looks crystallier than ever!"
Applejack says: "They must have everypony in the Empire out sprucing it up!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This must be why we were asked to handle the welcome committee routine."
Rainbow Dash says: "And it's probably also because we'll be awesome at it."
Applejack says: "Princess Cadance was right."
Applejack says: "These ponies do look pretty darn excited."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yup, I remember that feeling."
Rainbow Dash says: "But not as much as I remember the crushing wave of disappointment that came when things didn't work out."
Rainbow Dash says: "That right there."
Rainbow Dash says: "That is the face I do not want to see."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're here."
Princess Cadance says: "There are my girls."
Twilight says: "Sunshine, sunshine, ladybugs awake!"
Cadance says: "Sunshine, sunshine, ladybugs awake!"
Twilight says: "Clap your hooves and do a little shake!"
Cadance says: "Clap your hooves and do a little shake!"
Rarity says: "Oh, my."
Rarity says: "This is spectacular."
Rarity says: "Please, everypony, stand back!"
Rarity says: "I need air!"
Princess Cadance says: "Go ahead and try whatever you like."
Princess Cadance says: "It's all complimentary for the welcome committee."
Rarity says: "Ooh-hoo-hoo-hoo!"
Princess Cadance says: "That over there is a crystal mud bath, which relaxes your body and rejuvenates your coat."
Pinkie Pie says: "Woo-hoo!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie, no!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ahh, so relaxing!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie Pie!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Honestly!"
Princess Cadance says: "Go ahead, have a good time while I get my ceremonial headdress done."
Rarity says: "Ceremonial..."
Rarity says: "headdress?"
Princess Cadance says: "When meeting with important guests, it was tradition for rulers of the Crystal Empire to weave crystals into their manes in a very specific way."
Princess Cadance says: "The Games Inspector is known for doing her homework."
Princess Cadance says: "She'll certainly be expecting my look to reflect the importance of her visit."
Golden Hooves says: "Princess, if I may have a word..."
Golden Hooves says: "I-I have two pieces of news for you."
Golden Hooves says: "First, your mane stylist has the flu and won't be able to make it for fear of you catching it, too."
Princess Cadance says: "Oh."
Princess Cadance says: "Well..."
Princess Cadance says: "I hope she's better soon."
Princess Cadance says: "Do any of the other stylists here know how to do the traditional royal ceremonial headdress?"
Crystal Ponies says: "Um..."
Crystal Ponies says: "well..."
Crystal Ponies says: "uh..."
Princess Cadance says: "Oh."
Princess Cadance says: "Just a..."
Princess Cadance says: "small detail."
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa, whoa, whoa!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You're trying to land the Equestria Games here."
Rainbow Dash says: "There is no such thing as a small detail!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow Dash!"
Rarity says: "I suppose..."
Rarity says: "I could give it a shot."
Princess Cadance says: "Oh, Rarity, you would do that for me?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Way to step it up, Rare!"
Princess Cadance says: "Fortunately, I have all the precise instructions right here."
Rarity says: "Oh, my!"
Princess Cadance says: "You sure you're up to this?"
Rarity says: "Working on the hair of royalty on such an auspicious occasion is the opportunity of a lifetime!"
Rarity says: "I will give it everything I've got!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "See?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No worries!"
Rarity says: "Besides, the Games Inspector isn't expected for several hours."
Rarity says: "I'll have plenty of time to figure out exactly how to..."
Rarity says: "do..."
Rarity says: "this..."
Princess Cadance says: "Oh, Rarity, that's wonderful!"
Princess Cadance says: "You said you had a second bit of news?"
Golden Hooves says: "Yes, quite."
Golden Hooves says: "The Games Inspector, Ms."
Golden Hooves says: "Harshwhinny, will be arriving on the..."
Golden Hooves says: "next train."
Rainbow Dash says: "What!"
Rainbow Dash says: "?"
Rainbow Dash says: "You couldn't have told her that news first!"
Rainbow Dash says: "?"
Rainbow Dash says: "That's fifteen minutes from now!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, my goodness!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "How long before Cadance is ready?"
Rarity says: "Hmmmm..."
Rarity says: "I'm sure to find some shortcuts."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Can you have her back at the castle when we're done?"
Rarity says: "Done."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, we'll be fine."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everypony, just be on the look out for the pony with the flower print luggage."
Pinkie Pie says: "Easy peasy, pudding in the freezy!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We bring the Games Inspector back to the castle, put on our big welcome committee how-do-you-do and then..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Put the pudding out to thaw before you eat it or you'll crack a tooth?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'll just ignore that."
Rainbow Dash says: "We need to remember that the Games Inspector arriving early is probably part of a plan to psych us out."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What do you mean?"
Rainbow Dash says: "You said it yourself."
Rainbow Dash says: "She's got a rep for trying to catch hosts off-guard, just to see if we can handle the kind of massive pressure that comes with hosting the Equestria Games."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, no..."
Fluttershy says: "We're gonna blow it..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Not if we always stay one step ahead and don't fall for any of her mind games."
Rainbow Dash says: "Anything she throws at us, we just need to remember she's testing us and roll with it."
Rainbow Dash says: "Excuse me, ma'am?"
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Yes, what is it?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, no!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Be cool."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, I know you're not expecting us, but we're here to personally welcome you to the Crystal Empire."
Ms. Peachbottom says: "The whole lot of you came to do that?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh, well, um..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "yes!"
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Well, darn tootin', ain't that the cat's meow!"
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Y'all didn't need to do that."
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Why, I hardly expected anything like this."
Applejack says: "Whew!"
Applejack says: "The Princess wouldn't have had it any other way."
Ms. Peachbottom says: "The Princess?"
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Princess Cadance?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "None other!"
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Well, tie me up and throw me down!"
Ms. Peachbottom says: "This just keeps gettin' better and better!"
Fluttershy says: "Can we help you with your bags?"
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Don't mind if ya do!"
Fluttershy says: "Ooh, I love flower print!"
Fluttershy says: "Sorry."
Pinkie Pie says: "Our first stop is the castle, where we got a big razzamatazzy welcome planned for you!"
Ms. Peachbottom says: "The castle?"
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Are you kidding?!"
Ms. Peachbottom says: "!"
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Hot-diggety-dawg!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "See that?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We just gotta roll with it until the Princess gets there and we'll be just fine."
Princess Cadance says: "So, uh..."
Princess Cadance says: "how's it going so far?"
Rarity says: "Oh, I'm so sorry..."
Rarity says: "It's just..."
Rarity says: "oh so complicated."
Rarity says: "I can fix it!"
Princess Cadance says: "Fix what?!"
Princess Cadance says: "!"
Rarity says: "Well, I-I was looking for shortcuts and I thought step twelve was optional!"
Rarity says: "But it's not!"
Ms. Peachbottom says: "My golly, the crystal castle!"
Ms. Peachbottom says: "From the inside..."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, my gosh, she's so nice!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You're letting her lull you into a false sense of confidence."
Rainbow Dash says: "Watch that."
Rainbow Dash says: "It's all part of the game."
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Oh, my, I'm so excited."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Please, have a seat, won't you?"
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Mind if I take a quick run outside first?"
Ms. Peachbottom says: "It was an awfully long train ride and my legs could use a stretch."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, well..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "we were just about to start."
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Oh!"
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Never you mind."
Ms. Peachbottom says: "You go on ahead."
Ms. Peachbottom says: "I'm listening."
Rainbow Dash says: "She was probably testing us to see if we could remain in control of a complex situation."
Rainbow Dash says: "Looks like we passed."
Fluttershy says: "–cha!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We'd like to thank you for this opportunity to introduce you to this wonderful kingdom!"
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Oh, why, the pleasure is all mine."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And since we're not even from here ourselves, who better than us to let you know just how welcoming this place can be!"
Two, four, six, eight!
Name a place that's really great!
One, two, three, four!
Keeps you coming back for more!
Two, seven, nine, three!
The place that we all wanna be!
Four, three, two, one!
The Crystal Empire, that's the one!
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Oooh, yeah!"
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Ooh, I tell ya!"
Ms. Peachbottom says: "I have traveled far and wide, but I have never, ever been welcomed anyplace in the fashion that y'all have done here today."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's fantastic!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess Cadance would be so glad to hear that!"
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Honestly, I'm surprised she knows anything about me at all!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Of course she does!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "She's been looking forward to your visit for weeks!"
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Oh, goody!"
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Is she here?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh..."
Applejack says: "Where the heck is she anyway?"
Applejack says: "Wasn't she supposed to be here by now?"
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Oh, that's all right."
Rainbow Dash says: "Or, if you like, we could give you a tour of the castle!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That way you could be learning and stretching all at the same time!"
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Ooh, a tour of the crystal castle..."
Ms. Peachbottom says: "I'd love that a whole heap."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Dash!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We've hardly ever even been here before!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's just another test!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We gotta roll with it, remember?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oooh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Lemme give the tour!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'lldoit, I'lldoit, letmeletmeletme!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fine."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You all start giving her the tour, and I'll go see what's keeping Cadance."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Oof!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hello there!"
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Hello yourself."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Oof!"
Rarity says: "W-What are you doing here?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We finished the welcome committee song and we just wanted to introduce Ms."
Rarity says: "No, no!"
Rarity says: "Princess Cadance isn't ready."
Rarity says: "Something's gone terribly wrong!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I need to speak to the Princess."
Rarity says: "You can't!"
Rarity says: "You mustn't!"
Rarity says: "She's in the middle of a delicate conditioning rinse that must go perfectly if there's to be any hope for her hair!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come on, how bad can it be?"
Rarity says: "Imagine her mane turned into a porcupine."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ew."
Rarity says: "Please!"
Rarity says: "I will bring her back from the brink of tragedy, but you have got to buy me some time!"
Rarity says: "There's no other way!"
Pinkie Pie says: "So, you see this here?"
Pinkie Pie says: "This, um, this is, um..."
Pinkie Pie says: "a big, round room."
Pinkie Pie says: "It's known for its roundness and bigness."
Pinkie Pie says: "And did I mention that it's round?"
Ms. Peachbottom says: "I think they call it a rotunda?"
Ms. Peachbottom says: "A small, confining, rotunda..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Whatever."
Pinkie Pie says: "Round is round, am I right?"
Applejack says: "Easy, Pinkie, let's play this safe!"
Applejack says: "We got her in a good mood, so let's not do anything to ruin that."
Ms. Peachbottom says: "You know..."
Ms. Peachbottom says: "I love this sort of architecture."
Ms. Peachbottom says: "I-I-I detect a neo-Gothic inspiration in the design, yes?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hey!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Look at me!"
Applejack says: "And not a moment too soon."
Applejack says: "Where's Cadance?"
Applejack says: "Please tell me she's right behind you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There's a bit of a problem with her headdress."
Twilight Sparkle says: "How's it going here?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Boingy, boingy, boingy!"
Ms. Peachbottom says: "I, uh, hate to be a bother, but the legs are cramping up on me with all this standing around..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Huh?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "She's getting bored, and we have to buy Rarity some more time."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'll see if Shining Armor can come help."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Can't one of you other ponies take over in the meantime?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I got this."
Rainbow Dash says: "Wanna stretch your legs, huh?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, whatever you need, I'm sure we can provide."
Rainbow Dash says: "Let's just make our way to the castle's gymnasium."
Rainbow Dash says: "Our tour will now be headed..."
Rainbow Dash says: "this way."
Rainbow Dash says: "And we're walking, and we're walking..."
Shining Armor says: "Twily!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hello there!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Shining Armor, you've gotta help me."
Shining Armor says: "Everything okay?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I left the other ponies behind giving the Games Inspector the worst castle tour ever."
Shining Armor says: "Come on, gang!"
Shining Armor says: "Are we gonna gallop, or are we gonna trot!"
Shining Armor says: "?"
Shining Armor says: "Everything's gonna be okay."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know, I'm not worried."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm not worried..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "it worked!"
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Feels so good to stretch the old legs!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Turns out the crystal castle doesn't have a gymnasium."
Shining Armor says: "Watch it!"
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Woo-hoo!"
Shining Armor says: "Make her stop!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Wait, that's the Games Inspector!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Let her do her thing."
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Good."
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Oh, these hooves!"
Ms. Peachbottom says: "I'm outside!"
Shining Armor says: "Why would she do that?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I have no idea, but that's why she's who's in charge of choosing who gets the Games, and we're not."
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Oh!"
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Oh, get me outside for a run!"
Shining Armor says: "Look out!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, okay, we need to stop her."
Fluttershy says: "Where's she going in such a hurry?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Closer..."
Rainbow Dash says: "closer..."
Rainbow Dash says: "I think we've got her..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yaaaaaaah!"
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Hoo-eee!"
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Oh, that felt good!"
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Nothing like a great run to shake the cobwebs off these old bones."
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Hey there, speedy."
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Ah, these wide open spaces y'all got here remind me of home."
Ms. Peachbottom says: "This is great!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh!"
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Oh, good golly, yes."
Ms. Peachbottom says: "I just love to travel and see new places."
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Such a beautiful spot you got here, too!"
Shining Armor says: "Why..."
Shining Armor says: "thank you so much!"
Shining Armor says: "I'm Shining Armor."
Ms. Peachbottom says: "The Prince!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What's going on?"
Rainbow Dash says: "From the looks of it, just locking up the games for the Crystal Empire is all."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ain't no thing."
Ms. Peachbottom says: "My, oh, my..."
Ms. Peachbottom says: "I never met a Prince before..."
Shining Armor says: "I'm surprised."
Shining Armor says: "I'd think in your line of work you'd meet princes all the time."
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Hardly."
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Just an ordinary wild mustang from Mustangia here to enjoy a little vay-cay."
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Never thought I'd also be meeting royalty to boot."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "are Ms."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Harshwhinny, the Equestria Games Inspector, aren't you?"
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Inspector what-now?"
Rainbow Dash says: "We got the wrong pony?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "NOOOOOOOOOOO!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I mean, YEEEEEEESSSSSSSS!"
Applejack says: "Oh, please still be here..."
Applejack says: "Oh please, oh please, oh please..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There's got to be another pony with flower print luggage around here somewhere."
Rainbow Dash says: "Except that there isn't!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We've gotta find her before Cadance finds out what a mess we've made of things."
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay, here's what we do."
Rainbow Dash says: "We split the Empire up into five sectors."
Fluttershy says: "Each of us search a sector."
Pinkie Pie says: "Well..."
Pinkie Pie says: "except for the spa."
Pinkie Pie says: "What's the point of checking there?"
Pinkie Pie says: "That's where Cadance is."
Pinkie Pie says: "If Ms."
Pinkie Pie says: "Harshwhinny is there, well, then, game over, right?"
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Every city and empire wants to host the Equestria Games."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "So, I have to go through all the big phony-baloney song and dance, though of course, I'm never getting the real inside scoop."
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Oh, golly, I've been having a swell time since I got here."
Ms. Peachbottom says: "I'm actually thinking of extendin' my stay."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "And what exactly has made your visit so special?"
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Oohohohoooh, gosh, where to start?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, there she is!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We're in luck!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I don't think either of them knows yet that the other one's here!"
Rarity says: "Wonderful news, look!"
Rarity says: "Princess Cadance, better than new!"
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Princess Cadance?"
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "So, this is where you've been!"
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "I will have you know this is by far the worst welcome I've had in all my years!"
Princess Cadance says: "I-I can't believe it..."
Princess Cadance says: "What was wrong with your welcome?"
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "There wasn't one!"
Princess Cadance says: "What is going on?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Princess, we gave our welcome to the wrong pony, left the right one waiting at the station, and completely ruined everything."
Rainbow Dash says: "When I was a little filly, I wanted so badly for Cloudsdale to win the Equestria Games."
Rainbow Dash says: "But it didn't happen."
Rainbow Dash says: "So I thought I could make up for that disappointment by helping the Crystal Empire win the chance to host the Games."
Rainbow Dash says: "But it looks like I ruined your chances instead."
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Not so fast, speedy."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "I just finished hearing about how this pony was just treated to the warmest, finest, most fabulous reception she ever had."
Ms. Peachbottom says: "Darn tootin'!"
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Courtesy of these fine ponies right here."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Which, in my expert opinion, amounts to the first ever unvarnished, unrehearsed, and unbiased appraisal of a potential host of the Equestria Games."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Which can only mean one thing..."
Princess Cadance says: "The next host of the Equestria Games is..."
Princess Cadance says: "the Crystal Empire!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We did it!"
Princess Cadance says: "Congratulations, Crystal Ponies!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You know, it feels good to help others get something you always wanted but never had."
Rainbow Dash says: "Almost as good as getting it yourself."
Rainbow Dash says: "Almost."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We'll still be able to come back here and watch the games when they're played."
Rainbow Dash says: "You're right."
Rainbow Dash says: "That'll rock!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, my goodness."
Conductor says: "All aboard!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Huh, bummer Spike had to miss out on all this."
Rainbow Dash says: "He woulda' had fun here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sure he's having a great time watching all the critters back at home."
Applejack says: "Think he's still got a handle on things?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "If he's staying calm and collected, I bet he's doing a terrific job as a leader."
Applejack says: "You all hear that?"