Applejack says: "Any minute now..."
Applejack says: "Yee-haw!"
Applejack says: "It's officially Apple Bucking Day!"
Applejack says: "Look at all those apples!"
Applejack says: "Ripe and juicy, perfect for buckin'!"
Applejack says: "What the heck is goin' on?"
Applejack says: "They're back!"
Applejack says: "Attention!"
Applejack says: "This is a Sweet Apple Acres code red!"
Applejack says: "I need all hooves – and claws – on deck!"
Rarity says: "Calm down, Applejack."
Applejack says: "Calm down?!"
Applejack says: "!"
Applejack says: "How can I calm down at a time like this?!"
Applejack says: "!"
Applejack says: "Vampire fruit bats are attackin' Sweet Apple Acres!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I thought the fruit bats usually stayed put in the west orchard."
Applejack says: "The fruit bats do, but these aren't just your everyday ordinary fruit bats."
Applejack says: "They're vampire fruit bats!"
Applejack says: "I'll be darned if they think they're gonna sink their fangs into my blue ribbon apple."
Spike says: "Awesome!"
Applejack says: "This here's our entry into the Appleloosa State Fair's produce competition."
Applejack says: "You know how much TLC goes into getting an apple to grow like this?"
Rarity says: "Applejack!"
Rarity says: "When you go big, you really go big!"
Applejack says: "Them vampire bats want to shrivel it up like a raisin!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I'm sure if we just let them know how special that particular apple is to you, they'll leave it alone."
Applejack says: "Yeah, right."
Applejack says: "Be my guest."
Fluttershy says: "Um, excuse me, Mr."
Fluttershy says: "We were just wondering if maybe you wouldn't mind leaving that really big apple alone?"
Applejack says: "Well?"
Applejack says: "What'd he say?"
Fluttershy says: "Um..."
Fluttershy says: "yes."
Applejack says: "Huh?!"
Applejack says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "But..."
Fluttershy says: "it could've been a no."
Applejack says: "Oh."
Fluttershy says: "This is the first vampire fruit bat I've ever met and, well, it might take some time for me to really understand their language."
Applejack says: "Uh-huh."
Applejack says: "And in the meantime, this pest and his vermin friends are gonna go after my prized apple and, while they're at it, every other apple in the orchard!"
Applejack says: "These vampire bats are nothin' but a bunch of monsters!"
Fluttershy says: "Monsters?!"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, that's a bit harsh, don't you think?"
Applejack says: "No, I do not."
Applejack.
Those vampire bats will give you a fright.
Eating apples both day and night.
They rest for a minute, maybe three.
Then they're eatin' every apple in your apple tree.
They don't care about nada, not zilch, no, nothin'.
Fluttershy.
Now wait just a minute, there's another side to this.
And if I did not defend them, then I would be remiss.
These bats are mamas and papas too.
They care for their young just like we ponies do.
Applejack.
Oh, give me a break, you're bein' too kind.
These creatures have a one-track mind.
The orchard is not their restaurant.
But do they ever think what others may want?
No! They don't! And that is just a fact.
These bats, they simply don't know how to act.
Fluttershy.
That's where I have to disagree.
They're loyal to their family.
Spreading seeds both far and wide.
Applejack.
You see one comin', you'd better run and hide!
They're big and ugly and mean as sin.
Will ya look at the state my trees are in?
Fluttershy.
They help your trees, they'll grow stronger faster.
Applejack.
They've turned my life to a total disaster!
Rarity.
Well, I for one don't have a doubt.
These vermin must be stamped right out.
Rainbow Dash.
I second that, they've got to go.
These bats, they've got to hit the road.
Applejack.
It comes down to just one simple fact.
They've crossed the line, it's time to fight them back!
All except Fluttershy.
Stop the bats! Stop the bats!
Make them go and not come back!
Stop the bats! Stop the bats!
Make them go and not come back!
Stop the bats! Stop the bats!
Make them go and not come back!
Applejack.
Yes, it comes down to just one simple fact.
They've crossed the line, it's time that we attack!
Rarity says: "I'm sorry, Fluttershy, but I believe Applejack has made the better argument."
Rarity says: "These vampire fruit bats sound downright dreadful."
Applejack says: "So let's get to roundin' them up so they don't destroy the rest of my orchard."
Pinkie Pie says: "Fruit bat round-up, fruit bat round-up!"
Fluttershy says: "Um, excuse me, but, um, what if instead of rounding them up, we..."
Fluttershy says: "let them have part of the orchard?"
Applejack says: "Have you lost your pest-lovin' mind?!"
Applejack says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "They're only here because they're hungry!"
Fluttershy says: "If we build a sanctuary for them, they could have their own apples to enjoy!"
Fluttershy says: "After a while, they could even help the rest of your orchard!"
Fluttershy says: "The vampire bats don't eat the seeds of the apples, and when they spit them out, they grow into even more productive apple trees!"
Applejack says: "Listen, Fluttershy."
Applejack says: "That sounds real nice 'n' all, but every second we spend buildin' this so-called 'sanctuary' is a second they'll spend destroyin' orchards!"
Applejack says: "You don't know what it was like the last time there was an infestation, but Granny Smith has told me enough stories about it that just the thought of it gives me nightmares!"
Applejack says: "Granny says we lost a huge section of orchard that year."
Applejack says: "They had to ration out apples all winter!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What about the cider?"
Rainbow Dash says: "There was still cider, right?"
Applejack says: "Not..."
Applejack says: "a..."
Applejack says: "drop."
Rainbow Dash says: "No cider?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "No cider?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We need to round up these monsters, and we need to do it now!"
Applejack says: "If Granny Smith wasn't with Apple Bloom an' Big Mac checkin' out our produce competition in Appleloosa, she'd be here tellin' us to do just that!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sorry, Fluttershy, but I think Applejack is right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just wish there was another way we could convince them not to eat them in the first place."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe there is..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "So, there's good news and bad news."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The good news is that I found a spell that can get the vampire fruit bats to stop wanting to suck the juice from the apples."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But in order for the spell to work, I need the bats' full and complete attention."
Fluttershy says: "Oh no."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy, I need you to do your Stare on the bats."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, gosh, I don't know."
Rainbow Dash says: "What's the problem?"
Rainbow Dash says: "You've used the Stare plenty of times before!"
Fluttershy says: "Yes, but it's not something I take lightly."
Fluttershy says: "I've made a vow not to use it except in dire circumstances."
Applejack says: "This circumstance is plenty dire to me!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Me too!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Think of the cider!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Won't somepony please think of the cider?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "I'm sorry."
Fluttershy says: "I just don't like the idea of taking away the thing that really makes the vampire fruit bats  vampire fruit bats!"
Fluttershy says: "It just feels wrong!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But if we don't do this, there won't be any apples left for anypony here in Ponyville."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Doesn't that feel wrong, too?"
Applejack says: "So what's it gonna be, Fluttershy?"
Applejack says: "Will you do your Stare on the bats or not?"
Fluttershy says: "Um..."
Fluttershy says: "Um..."
Fluttershy says: "Okay, I'll do it."
Rarity says: "Good choice."
Rarity says: "I knew you wouldn't side with those icky bats!"
Fluttershy says: "They're not icky."
Rainbow Dash says: "First round of cider's on me!"
Applejack says: "Hold it right there!"
Applejack says: "We've gotta round up these beasts with wings first."
Applejack says: "Time's a-wastin'!"
Rarity says: "Ew, ew, ew, ewwww!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Gotcha!"
Applejack says: "Good work, everypony!"
Applejack says: "I think we got 'em all!"
Applejack says: "Now all we need is for you do to your Stare."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, um, are you sure I really need-- Okay."
Fluttershy says: "I really, really, really hate to do this to you..."
Fluttershy says: "I just hope you can forgive me..."
Applejack says: "Good..."
Applejack says: "Now you go, Twilight!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Alright."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You can stop staring, Fluttershy."
Spike says: "Did it work?"
Applejack says: "Only one way to find out for sure."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ye-he-heah, whoo!"
Applejack says: "My crop is saved!"
Applejack says: "Yee-haw!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We'll be drinking cider all winter long!"
Applejack says: "I wanna thank you for your help."
Applejack says: "I couldn't have done it without you."
Spike says: "Aw, don't mention it, Applejack."
Spike says: "It was my pleasure!"
Spike says: "Really!"
Applejack says: "Now all we gotta do is sweep up these cores so I can start buckin' fresh tomorrow mornin'!"
Applejack says: "Apple Bucking Day, take two!"
Applejack says: "Yee-haw!"
Applejack says: "Time to collect those juicy, sweet apples!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The spell didn't work!"
Applejack says: "You're darn tootin' the spell didn't work!"
Applejack says: "I think we're gonna have to take more extreme measures!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I hear ya, Applejack!"
Rainbow Dash says: "C'mon, everypony!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Let's track down those vampire bats!"
Applejack says: "Wait a minute..."
Applejack says: "I don't think these bats are the ones that sucked my apples dry."
Rarity says: "But if the vampire bats aren't eating your apples..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Who is?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy, you're our animal expert."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Do you know of any other creature that might be capable of this?"
Fluttershy says: "I'm sorry."
Fluttershy says: "I don't."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, there's only one way to find out."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We'll have to catch whoever it is in the act."
Rarity says: "And how do you propose we do that?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "A stakeout..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "The witching hour..."
Fluttershy says: "Maybe we should just call this off."
Rarity says: "Oh, Fluttershy, it'll be okay."
Rarity says: "Don't forget, darling, we're all in this together."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nopony leaves this orchard until we've solved this mystery."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Agreed?"
Rest of main cast says: "Agreed!"
Applejack says: "Does everypony have their pony signals?"
Applejack says: "Now remember, Pinkie Pie, only use the signal if you see somethin' suspicious."
Pinkie Pie says: "I got it."
Pinkie Pie says: "Something suspicious..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Whatcha doin'?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Applejack says: "Alright, now everypony split up."
Applejack says: "We'll each patrol our own row of the orchard."
Applejack says: "Whoever or whatever's destroyin' my apples has gotta be here somewhere."
Fluttershy says: "I have a bad feeling about this."
Fluttershy says: "A really bad feeling about this..."
Fluttershy says: "That apple..."
Fluttershy says: "It looks..."
Pinkie Pie says: "What was that?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's pony signal time!"
Rarity says: "Who's there?"
Rarity says: "Oh, well, there's obviously no need to worry about that shadowy figure overhead..."
Rarity says: "Or maybe there is!"
Rarity says: "I think I'll just go see how Rainbow Dash is doing..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "who's there?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Answer me or you'll regret it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Fine, have it your own way!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Take that, you, you, you..."
Rainbow Dash says: "scarecrow..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Applejack, what is it?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Suspicious!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Fluttershy?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yoo-hoo!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Fluttershy!"
Rarity says: "That's not Fluttershy..."
Rarity says: "That's Flutterbat!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We've gotta get her down from there!"
Rarity says: "Uh..."
Rarity says: "Fluttershy, sweetness, please come down, and..."
Rarity says: "do stop being a vampire bat."
Rainbow Dash says: "Fluttershy!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's me, Rainbow Dash!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Why don't you cut the bat act and come on down?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Maybe we should just let her come down when she's ready."
Pinkie Pie says: "Flutterbat on the loose!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Run for your lives!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie Pie, calm down!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "See?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "She's back on her..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "branch."
Pinkie Pie says: "She's just biding her time!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Waiting for the right moment to pounce!"
Applejack says: "Pinkie Pie, bats don't eat ponies."
Applejack says: "Not even vampire bats."
Pinkie Pie says: "But maybe vampire ponies eat other ponies!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm not taking any chances!"
Rarity says: "How did this happen?"
Rarity says: "That's what I don't understand."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think this was actually our fault."
Rainbow Dash says: "Our fault?"
Applejack says: "And how'd you figure that?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, so this is me, these are the bats, and this is Fluttershy doing her Stare."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The spell was supposed to go right onto the bats like this, but somehow the spell must have backfired."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It took the vampire fruit bats' desire to be vampire fruit bats and transferred that desire into Fluttershy."
Twilight Sparkle says: "C'mon!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We'll reverse the spell and make it right!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Then what are we waiting for?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Let's save Fluttershy before that thing eats us all!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hit the deck!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Follow that bat!"
Rarity says: "I can't believe we lost her!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, Fluttershy, where are you?"
Applejack says: "Look out!"
Applejack says: "Whoa!"
Rainbow Dash says: "If she keeps this up, your whole crop will be gone in no time!"
Applejack says: "That's the least of my worries."
Applejack says: "I just want my friend back."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We'll never get her back unless we corner her and catch her so I can reverse the spell!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "There she is!"
Applejack says: "There she goes!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, this is no use."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think the only way we're gonna catch her is if we find a way to lure her closer to us."
Applejack says: "But even if we can lure her to us, how're we gonna get her to stay still long enough for you to do your reverse spell?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Aww, if only we had Fluttershy to do her Stare on the Flutterbat."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, let's get our friend back."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Action stations!"
Rainbow Dash says: "So much for having the winning apple in the Appleloosa State Fair, huh?"
Rainbow Dash says: "She's coming!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh..."
Fluttershy says: "where am I?"
Applejack says: "Thank goodness you're okay!"
Fluttershy says: "But..."
Fluttershy says: "what happened to me?"
Pinkie Pie says: "You turned into a vampire pony!"
Fluttershy says: "I tried to eat ponies?!"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Of course not!"
Fluttershy says: "So I wasn't a vampire?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yes!"
Fluttershy says: "Yes I was, or yes I wasn't?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yes, you were!"
Fluttershy says: "But I didn't try and eat ponies?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yes!"
Fluttershy says: "I did?!"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "No!"
Fluttershy says: "I'm confused..."
Rarity says: "Me too..."
Rarity says: "and I was there!"
Applejack says: "Fluttershy, I'm real sorry I didn't take your suggestion in the first place."
Fluttershy says: "And don't forget, now you'll get seeds that will grow into even bigger and better apple trees."
Rainbow Dash says: "Does that mean what I think it means?"
Applejack says: "Yup!"
Applejack says: "More cider too."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yea-he-heah, whoo!"
Spike says: "Okay, got the part about the spell, Fluttershy turning into a bat, building a sanctuary..."
Applejack says: "Be sure to put in there that I came to see that my short-term solution was a little short-sighted."
Fluttershy says: "And that you shouldn't let anypony pressure you into doing something that you don't think is right."
Fluttershy says: "Sometimes you have to tell even your closest friends 'no'."
Applejack says: "Now, how about we celebrate our stronger than ever friendship with a nice, ripe, juicy apple?"