Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh!"
Spike says: "Aw, thank goodness."
Spike says: "I thought I had too many deep-fried gems."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I wish I had time to go with them, but there's just too many princess duties I have to take care of."
Spike says: "Come on, Twilight."
Spike says: "Even Princess Celestia takes a break sometimes, and she raises the sun."
Spike says: "You need a vacation!"
Spike says: "I can keep track of the friendship log, boost community morale, and answer fan mail for a few days."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But, Spike, you're as much a part of my family as anypony."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't just leave you here to do all that work."
Spike says: "What?!"
Spike says: "!"
Spike says: "I can't hear you!"
Spike says: "You're on vacation!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I guess I could use a little time off from being a princess."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're the best, Spike!"
Spike says: "I know."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm gonna go pack everything neatly into one suitcase!"
Spike says: "Wait for it..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Cruises have activities, right?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I should probably make a schedule?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Spike says: "There it is."
Twilight Velvet says: "Oh, gee."
Twilight Velvet says: "I am really looking forward to a relaxing vacation."
Night Light says: "Watch out."
Night Light says: "She won't admit it, but when your mother says "relaxing vacation", she means "doing something crazy"."
Night Light says: "Last time, she ended up bungee-jumping over Luna Bay!"
Twilight Velvet says: "What was that, hon?"
Night Light says: "Oh, I was, uh, just telling Twilight about my new, uh, bingo strategy book!"
Night Light says: "It's a, heh, real page-turner!"
Shining Armor says: "Oh, I can't wait to get on this zeppelin and fly like a Pegasus!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Really?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I remember you getting airsick on Admiral Fairweather's Wild Ride at Pony Island."
Shining Armor says: "Oh, please!"
Shining Armor says: "I grew out of airsickness a long time ago."
Iron Will says: "I hope you ponies feel welcomed aboard, because you are!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, that was an..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "assertive welcome."
Night Light says: "Guess this is what it's like to be big-time prize winners."
Night Light says: "I just wish I could remember what contest we won."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wait."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You don't know where this prize came from?"
Twilight Velvet says: "When somepony offers you a free vacation, you just sign the paperwork and don't ask questions!"
Night Light says: "Especially when it means we all get to fly off together."
Night Light says: "What should we do first?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, I did categorize the ship's activities and make a schedule organized by each of our interests."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Dad, you're easy."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Bingo competition right here."
Night Light says: "Oh, I just love how the numbers and letters are organized in their little boxes."
Night Light says: "It's so satisfying."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Shining Armor, they've got a tiny boat race in a tiny pool here."
Shining Armor says: "Aw, sis."
Shining Armor says: "Only you would remember I love tiny things."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And Cadance, there's a Peewee Princess Playtime here that Flurry's gonna love!"
Princess Cadance says: "Oh, wonderful!"
Twilight Velvet says: "Hmm."
Twilight Velvet says: "This barrel jumping at Neighagra Falls sounds interesting."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Eh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just want to see you all have a good time."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And this works out perfectly, because we have room for the one thing I wanna do!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Our ship passes the Frozen North at sunset, which is the only time you can see the astrological phenomenon known as the Northern Stars."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's like the stars are shooting out of the setting sun!"
Princess Cadance says: "Well, we definitely don't want to miss that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Then it's settled."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hmm."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But we don't have anything to do right now."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Any suggestions?"
Iron Will says: "Attention, cruise ponies!"
Iron Will says: "Don't let this zeppelin be a bore!"
Iron Will says: "Leave your room and see the tour!"
Princess Cadance says: "A tour could be fun."
Shining Armor says: "I'm flying!"
Shining Armor says: "I'm—"
Princess Cadance says: "I'm afraid Flurry may be airsick."
Princess Cadance says: "Since I know that isn't a problem for you, would you mind taking her below?"
Iron Will says: "Far to our right, you can just make out the white tufts of Cloudsdale, where Princess Twilight Sparkle once toured the weather factory."
Twilight Sparkle says: "How'd he know that?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And why announce it on a cruise?"
Princess Cadance says: "Why don't we move to the other side of the deck?"
Iron Will says: "We are now high enough to see all of Canterlot, even the royal tree where Princess Twilight and her brother Shining Armor were born!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's not right."
Twilight Velvet says: "Oooh!"
Night Light says: "Let's get down for that!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Um, you guys know that's not where we were born."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What are you so excited about?"
Night Light says: "Well, it is a really nice tree, sweetheart."
"Raspberry Sorbet" says: "We just wanted to say how excited we are to be here!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Um..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "yeah."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Us, too."
Iron Will says: "On our route north, we will pass the spires of the Crystal Empire, where Princess Cadance rescued her Alicorn baby Spike from a monster made of fire!"
Princess Cadance says: "Well, that doesn't even make sense."
Night Light says: "Well, "Royal Grandparents" sounds a bit fancy, but of course you can take our picture."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Princess Cadance says: "Uh..."
Princess Cadance says: "Oh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, that's it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Does anypony know where the cruise announcer is?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Excuse me, sir."
Iron Will says: "You can call Iron Will "Iron Will"!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What are you doing here?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And why do you keep announcing random things about me and my family?"
Iron Will says: "The assertiveness seminar market dried up, so Iron Will started a new career organizing themed vacation packages!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And the theme of this vacation is..."
Iron Will says: "Everypony, stomp your hooves if you are here for the premiere Cruise of the Princesses Experience!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Iron Will, I'm not sure it was entirely honest of you to offer this cruise to my family without telling us that ponies bought tickets just to see Cadance and me!"
Iron Will says: "Iron Will outlined all the details of the cruise in the Prize Acceptance and Consent Form that you signed."
Twilight Velvet says: "Well, when somepony offers you a free vacation, who reads the fine print?"
Iron Will says: "Iron Will prides himself on providing a quality vacation experience."
Iron Will says: "But if Twilight Sparkle and her family don't want it, Iron Will can cancel the cruise and break the hearts of every princess-adoring pony on board."
"Sunny Side" says: "I love you, Princess Twilight!"
Princess Cadance says: "As much as I want a family vacation, I don't think I could entertain all these cruise ponies."
Princess Cadance says: "My hooves are pretty full taking care of Flurry Heart."
Twilight Velvet says: "I guess we were just so excited by the idea of a family cruise."
Night Light says: "All right."
Night Light says: "I guess we better turn this ship around."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wait!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Iron Will, what if I offered you a deal?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "If I agree to do whatever princess activities you want, will you promise that my family gets to do the activities they want?"
Shining Armor says: "Sis, you don't have to do that."
Shining Armor says: "We want you to enjoy yourself, too."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't want the vacation to end now or let down all these ponies who were looking forward to seeing us."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So what do you say, Iron Will?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Do we have a deal?"
Iron Will says: "Princess Twilight has a deal!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Great!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "So it looks like we have some time before Dad plays Bingo."
Iron Will says: "Actually, we have just enough to pick the winner of our grand-prize raffle."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "who doesn't like prizes?"
Iron Will says: "All right, cruise ponies!"
Iron Will says: "When the zeppelin flies, it's time for a prize!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thank you all for being so gracious and respectful to me and my family."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And now, without further ado, the winner is..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Star Tracker!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Congratulations, Star Tracker!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Enjoy your prize!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, Dad!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Bingo time!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sorry."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't have the prize."
Iron Will says: "Congratulations to Star Tracker, who wins the grand prize – spending the day with Twilight as an honorary member of her family!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's the prize?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Star Tracker says: "Uh-huh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, well..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I guess you should come with us, honorary family member."
Night Light says: "Sure!"
Night Light says: "There's always room at the bingo table!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ahem!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Is everypony ready?"
Night Light says: "Sure are, sweetie!"
Night Light says: "Give that cage a whirl!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Dad?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What did you say?"
Star Tracker says: "He..."
Star Tracker says: "He said to, uh, uh, give it a-a whirl."
Star Tracker says: "Heh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Um, thanks."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I-19!"
Night Light says: "Hey, hey!"
Night Light says: "Now we're talkin'!"
Night Light says: "This Princess Bingo is great!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Did you get that one, Dad?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Can anypony tell me how my dad is doing?"
Star Tracker says: "He, uh, he said the Princess Bingo is, uh, great."
Star Tracker says: "Heh."
Star Tracker says: "Twilight is my favorite time of day."
Star Tracker says: "So I just thought that was cool."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Phew!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just made it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And I'm ready to give you the tiny boat race of your life!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you sure you're not airsick, big brother?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't think that's how it works."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I'm ready if you are."
Iron Will says: "Technically, Princess Twilight Sparkle should officiate the princess paddle boat race."
Twilight Velvet says: "Well, I suppose I could could race your brother."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, as long as Shining Armor gets to race, I'm happy."
Star Tracker says: "S-Sorry."
Star Tracker says: "It's just so exciting!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "On your mark, get set—"
Star Tracker says: "Go!"
Twilight Velvet says: "Oh, my word, that was exciting!"
Twilight Velvet says: "Wasn't it, son?"
Shining Armor says: "Just so everypony knows, I'm getting out of this boat because of how not sick I feel."
Twilight Velvet says: "Aww, that's all right, dear."
Twilight Velvet says: "We'll take you back to the room."
Iron Will says: "That was just the first heat!"
Iron Will says: "Of ten!"
Iron Will says: "Now, who's ready to see a princess face when they win their race?!"
Iron Will says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Cadance, I'm so glad you got in the Peewee Princess Playtime!"
Princess Cadance says: "Flurry is having a wonderful time."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's great."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm just on my way to take some old-time Appleloosan photos!"
Star Tracker says: "Themed photoshoots are the best."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And then do a quick question-and-answer session on becoming an Alicorn before Mom's barrel ride at Neighagra Falls!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I really hope I don't miss that."
Princess Cadance says: "Twilight, are you sure you don't mind doing all of these princess activities?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Mind?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Absolutely not."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I mean, you guys are having fun, right?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Besides, I have to make sure these cruise ponies are happy if I want to be a good princess."
Princess Cadance says: "You're already a good princess, Twilight."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Honestly, as long as I get to see the Northern Stars tonight with everypony, I'll be happy."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But right now, I gotta go take some pictures."
Twilight Sparkle says: "See you later!"
"Sun Cloche" says: "Why don't you play and make a princess friend?"
Princess Cadance says: "Uh..."
Princess Cadance says: "I am so sorry, everypony, but it looks like Flurry needs her nap."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, why did that last question have to be a two-parter?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just hope I have time for one barrel ride with Mom!"
Twilight Velvet says: "Neighagra Falls was amazing!"
Twilight Velvet says: "The endless open air, the water in my mane!"
Twilight Velvet says: "Oh!"
Twilight Velvet says: "The small confines of the barrel!"
Twilight Velvet says: "Oh, honey, I know you're disappointed, but we waited as long as we could."
Twilight Velvet says: "Maybe you should take a break from these princess things."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Disappointed?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've just been answering some detailed questions about Alicorns!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You know how much I love details!"
Twilight Velvet says: "I just don't want you to forget."
Twilight Velvet says: "It's your vacation, too."
Twilight Sparkle says: "How can I when it's a totally successful vacation?"
Night Light says: "All right."
Night Light says: "Well, uh, we can't wait to see those Northern Stars!"
Iron Will says: "Iron Will lived up to his side of the bargain, and Princess Twilight only has one more thing to do for the day."
Iron Will says: "It's your last chance."
Iron Will says: "Come get in line if you want the princess to sign!"
Fan says: "I'm never letting this go!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "How long have you been waiting?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, no."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What time is it?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Princess Cadance says: "You were right, Twilight."
Princess Cadance says: "They were breathtaking."
Night Light says: "Aw, we wish you'd been here to see it, sweet-pea, but we're sure you're making a whole bunch of cruise ponies happy."
Star Tracker says: "I'm so happy I could cry!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, yeah."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The cruise ponies are happy."
Twilight Sparkle says: "My family is happy."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Even Iron Will is happy."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You know who isn't happy?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Me!"
Star Tracker says: "Augh, my hoof!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sorry."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But maybe that wouldn't have happened if you weren't practically standing on my tail!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Not even my real family stands so close!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rrgh!"
Princess Cadance says: "Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I only made that deal with Iron Will so my family and the cruise ponies could have the vacation they wanted."
Princess Cadance says: "What about what you wanted?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just want everypony to be happy."
Princess Cadance says: "Well, sometimes ponies want more from a princess than you can give, and it can be hard to know where to draw the line."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You seem to know pretty well."
Princess Cadance says: "Once I had Flurry Heart, the line was easier for me to see."
Princess Cadance says: "You will always have obligations as a princess, but you also have an obligation to yourself."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think I need to set some boundaries."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But first, I owe somepony an apology."
Twilight Velvet says: "Aww, how's that, dearie?"
Star Tracker says: "Better."
Star Tracker says: "Thanks."
Star Tracker says: "Uh, I think I should go!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No, Star Tracker."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You should stay."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I have something to tell you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "All of you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm glad you all got to do the things you wanted, but I should have stood up for myself so that I could do what I wanted, too."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What do you say we do something off the schedule?"
Star Tracker says: "Who are you?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yup!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're gonna do something I want us to do, as a family."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Honorary members, too."
Night Light says: "Now that's cold!"
Night Light says: "This is more like it!"
Star Tracker says: "You and your family have been really kind to include me, but you deserve your own vacation together."
Star Tracker says: "And I'm really glad we met, too!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ohhh!"
Iron Will says: "Attention, cruise ponies!"
Iron Will says: "If it's your dream, come to the deck for ice cream!"
Star Tracker says: "Oh, no!"
Star Tracker says: "Leave the princess alone!"
Iron Will says: "What did you say to Iron Will?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's okay, everypony."
Twilight Sparkle says: "First, I want to thank all of you for coming."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It means a lot that you'd spend your hard-earned bits just to be with us."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I honestly came on this cruise to take some time off from being a princess."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm just a pony, too, after all."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And even though I want everypony here to be happy, I'd really like to spend the rest of the cruise relaxing with my family."
"Sunny Side" says: "Of course, Princess Twilight."
"Sun Cloche" says: "But why was this trip advertised as a Cruise of the Princesses if you just wanted to get away?"
Iron Will says: "Iron Will's Cruise of the Princesses makes no guarantees as to the participation of actual princesses."
Cruise pony says: "What?!"
Cruise pony says: "!"
Iron Will says: "But Iron Will learned his lesson before."
Iron Will says: "Satisfaction not guaranteed."
Iron Will says: "No refuuuuuuunds!"
Shining Armor says: "Wow."
Shining Armor says: "He may be pushy and manipulative, but nopony can say that minotaur isn't prepared."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There's still plenty of activities."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We pass Fillydelphia on the way back."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I could give Flurry Heart a quick history tour."
Princess Cadance says: "That's very thoughtful."
Princess Cadance says: "But right now, the family and I have something scheduled for you."
Night Light says: "Behold!"
Night Light says: "The Northern Stars!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You did all this for me?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is amazing!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thank you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And Shining Armor, I can't believe you're up there even though you're airsick!"
Shining Armor says: "I am not air—"
Shining Armor says: "Oh, okay."
Shining Armor says: "Maybe I'm not feeling great!"
Twilight Velvet says: "Oh, dear!"
Night Light says: "Whatever you say."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now this is the only activity I need."