Trixie says: "Come on, come on!"
Trixie says: "Turn into a teacup!"
Trixie says: "No!"
Trixie says: "Teacup!"
Trixie says: "No!"
Trixie says: "Teacup!"
Trixie says: "Oh, Starlight!"
Trixie says: "I can't put a trick that's not working into my act!"
Trixie says: "How come it's not working?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "It could be because you're just yelling "teacup!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "" and not picturing it in your mind."
Trixie says: "Oh."
Trixie says: "Yeah, that could be it."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What does your teacup look like?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What shape is it?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What color?"
Trixie says: "Whoo!"
Trixie says: "Starlight, I did it!"
Trixie says: "Woo-hoo-hoo-hoo!"
Trixie says: "I did it, I did it, I did it!"
Trixie says: "Woo-hoo-hoo!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Hey!"
Trixie says: "Teacup!"
Trixie says: "Teacup!"
Trixie says: "Teacup, teacup, teacup!"
Trixie says: "Tea-cup!"
Trixie says: "Teacup, teacup, tea-cup!"
Trixie says: "You know what you need?"
Trixie says: "A teacup!"
Trixie says: "Whoops!"
Trixie says: "I guess I pictured a teacup poodle?"
Trixie says: "Heh."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Trixie!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You ruined my teacakes!"
Trixie says: "I just got excited!"
Trixie says: "This is the first time I did a transfiguration spell!"
Trixie says: "Real magic!"
Trixie says: "Come on!"
Trixie says: "Be impressed by me!"
Trixie says: ""Yay, Trixie!"
Trixie says: "You're so great at magic and having good hair!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Good job, Trix."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But I was baking these to give to Twilight and the girls for their friendship retreat."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Pinkie Pie gave me a recipe and everything."
Trixie says: "Oh!"
Trixie says: "You need some snacks to give to Twilight?"
Trixie says: "I've got you covered."
Trixie says: "Problem solved."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Not exactly."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I am so excited for this friendship retreat!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't remember the last time we all got to hang out without having to save Equestria."
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, we are awesome."
Rainbow Dash says: "But technically, we weren't the last ponies to save Equestria."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I was speaking in a broader sense."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you sure you don't want to come with us?"
Spike says: "Yeah, I have three new comics to get through."
Starlight Glimmer says: "And I promised Trixie we'd practice more magic."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It might be better if the castle was empty, if you know what I mean."
Trixie says: "Relax."
Trixie says: "If anything breaks, Starlight will just go back in time and fix it!"
Trixie says: "Kidding."
Starlight Glimmer says: "We'll take good care of the castle while you're gone."
Trixie says: "Have fun on your friendship retreat!"
Trixie says: "What in Equestria is a friendship retreat, anyway?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "They're gonna bond, share laughs, and if I know them, they're gonna sing a song."
Trixie says: "We are gonna have so much more fun than them!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Shhh!"
Trixie says: "Twilight, wait!"
Trixie says: "Starlight has something for you!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Huh?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Here, I, um, brought you snacks..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, how..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "thoughtful, thanks."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We will..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "not get hungry on the train."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It was supposed to be teacakes, but..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "it's a long story."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Have a great time!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You, too!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Okay, Trixie, what kinds of spells did you want to work on next?"
Trixie says: "Well, every self-respecting magician has a disappearing act, so maybe we could start with that?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Hmmm."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Nothing just disappears, so that's technically a teleportation spell, and those are pretty hard."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Maybe we should start with something smaller."
Trixie says: "No-no-no-no."
Trixie says: "The Great and Powerful Trrrrrixie goes big or not at all!"
Trixie says: "Just tell me how you do it."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, I've always found magic is tied to my emotions."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Whatever I'm feeling fuels whatever I'm doing, and the stronger I'm feeling, the stronger the magic."
Trixie says: "Right."
Trixie says: "Like when you were so upset that cutie marks took away your friend, your magic was strong enough to enslave an entire village."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Yep."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Thanks for bringing that up."
Trixie says: "See?"
Trixie says: "I'm already learning."
Trixie says: "If anypony is gonna teach me how to do a disappearing spell—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Teleportation spell."
Trixie says: "Whatever."
Trixie says: "I'm complimenting you."
Trixie says: "And me."
Trixie says: "We can do this, 'cause we're amazing, and magic is friendship and stuff."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I guess we can give it a whirl."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Now, we just need to find you something to teleport."
Trixie says: "Spike!"
Trixie says: "How about it?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Uh, let's pick something, I don't know, not living?"
Trixie says: "I mean it won't be as impressive, but okay."
Trixie says: "Teach away, mini-Twilight."
"Ginger Locks" says: "Welcome to Manehattan Escapes."
Rarity says: "Ooh, I'm going to start with a facial, and then get my hooves done, and—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, it's not that kind of retreat."
Rarity says: "Isn't it called "Manehattan Escapes" because it's a deluxe spa where you can escape all of your troubles?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nope!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's because we get locked in a room and we have to solve puzzles and riddles in order to escape!"
"Ginger Locks" says: "The clues will lead you to a key to get out."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Team-building!"
Applejack says: "Come on, girls."
Applejack says: "This could be fun."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Could be?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Some of the brightest minds in Equestria put together these puzzles!"
Fluttershy says: "I'm just happy to be with all of you."
Pinkie Pie says: "Me, too!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm not great at solving riddles, but I'm super great at cheering other ponies on while they do it!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Go, us!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooo, ooo!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Woo-hoo!"
Rarity says: "Yes, yes, woo-hoo."
Rarity says: "But just so we know, exactly how long will we be locked in here?"
"Ginger Locks" says: "A group of griffons set the record for the fastest escape."
"Ginger Locks" says: "It only took them an hour."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Griffons barely like each other!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We're basically the poster ponies for amazing friendships!"
Rainbow Dash says: "So get your quill ready, bub!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You're gonna have to write down a new record!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "If you master this spell before the girls get back, you'd be setting some kind of record!"
Trixie says: "Challenge accepted!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Okay."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What you want to do is concentrate on the object that you want to teleport..."
Spike says: "Yeah, I'm gonna go..."
Spike says: "all the way over here."
Trixie says: "Concentrate on teleporting."
Trixie says: "Got it."
Trixie says: "Doin' the spell!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "No, Trix, wait, not just—"
Trixie says: "Ta-da."
Starlight Glimmer says: "No-no-no-no-no-no-no!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You made Twilight's friendship map disappear!"
Trixie says: "Teleport."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Really?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Trixie says: "Well, it was behind the apple."
Trixie says: "It was bound to happen."
Trixie says: "On the plus side, my magic is getting better!"
Trixie says: "I made a whole table go poof!"
Trixie says: "That was pretty impressive!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Trixie, we have to get that map back."
Trixie says: "We'll find it."
Trixie says: "No big deal."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Twilight's never gonna trust me to be alone in this castle again!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What were you thinking?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Trixie says: "Teleport, like you told me to."
Starlight Glimmer says: "No!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You're supposed to concentrate on the object, not just teleporting!"
Trixie says: "Well, gee, you probably should have told me all the steps before you let me do the spell."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I tried."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "need a minute."
Spike says: "Hey, are you okay?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I will be once I cast a spell to contain my anger in this bottle."
Spike says: "Wait, what?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Do you see this storm cloud?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "This has never happened before!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "All this magical energy has to go somewhere, and if I'm not using it to fight a magical duel or bend my friends' wills to obey my every command..."
Spike says: "Hah."
Spike says: "I remember that."
Starlight Glimmer says: "The point is, I don't know what my magic's going to do."
Starlight Glimmer says: "So I'm hoping if I bottle up my anger, I won't do who-knows-what to Trixie."
Spike says: "Are you sure that's a good idea?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What choice do I have?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I've got to get that map back, and I don't wanna lose Trixie."
Starlight Glimmer says: "If she knew what I was thinking right now, she'd probably never talk to me again."
Spike says: "Okay..."
Spike says: "You do what you need to do."
Spike says: "I'll see if I can find the map somewhere in the castle."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Trixie!"
Trixie says: "Oh, there you are!"
Trixie says: "For a minute, I didn't think you were coming back, and that you might be upset with me for some weird reason."
Trixie says: "But then I remembered – you never get mad at me."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Not mad at all!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "So, the map is probably in the last place you were thinking of."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Where was that?"
Trixie says: "Ooh, great question."
Trixie says: "I wish you'd asked it, like, right after I did the spell."
Trixie says: "I don't remember anymore."
Starlight Glimmer says: "No worries."
Starlight Glimmer says: "We'll just take a walk around town."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Maybe that'll jog your memory."
Trixie says: "Okay, that sounds fun."
Trixie says: "Ooh!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Did you remember?"
Trixie says: "Nope!"
Trixie says: "But I did think we could stop for cinnamon nuts while we're out!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Cinnamon..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "nuts?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "That's a good idea!"
Trixie says: "Yes!"
Trixie says: "I've been craving something sweet since I couldn't have any teacakes this morning."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You got this, Starlight..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Woo-hoo!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Go, Twilight!"
Pinkie Pie says: "you can do it!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Woo-hoo!"
Applejack says: "Hoo-wee!"
Applejack says: "You solved that triangley thing mighty fast!"
Applejack says: "Uh, does anypony need a purple jewel?"
Rarity says: "Ooh!"
Rarity says: "Plum or boysenberry?"
Applejack says: "Don't both those fruits mean purple?"
Rarity says: "Yes, but one's a lovely purple and one's..."
Rarity says: "well, icky."
Rainbow Dash says: "Just put the gem in!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We're trying to set a record here!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yay!"
Pinkie Pie says: "We solved another clue, 'cause our friendship is so true!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yaaaay, us!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Woo-hoo!"
"Clarity Cut" says: "Ah, hello, fillies."
"Clarity Cut" says: "Uh, how can I help you?"
"Clarity Cut" says: "Oh, are those cinnamon nuts?"
Trixie says: "Mmm, yes."
Trixie says: "I got them from the cart outside."
Trixie says: "They're delicious."
Trixie says: "Do you want some?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Have you seen a big table?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Magical map on it, sometimes glowing cutie marks shoot out?"
"Clarity Cut" says: "A big ta—"
"Clarity Cut" says: "Uh, no!"
"Clarity Cut" says: "Uh, why in Equestria would something like that be in here?"
"Clarity Cut" says: "Ha."
Trixie says: "Well, I cast a pretty amazing spell that transported it to the last place I was thinking of, but I might have been thinking about how I'd treat myself to a nice brooch instead."
"Clarity Cut" says: "Ah, well, no huge table here."
"Clarity Cut" says: "Uh, are you still interested in that brooch?"
Trixie says: "Sure!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "No!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "We don't have time for this!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Twilight and the girls are gonna be back soon!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "But I'm not upset."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What's our next stop?"
Granny Smith says: "Nope, I ain't seen it."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Are you sure?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's really, really important that we find it."
Starlight Glimmer says: "And it might be here because somepony..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "was craving apples."
Trixie says: "I'm still craving them."
Trixie says: "They'd go so well with cinnamon nuts!"
Granny Smith says: "Oh, them nuts sure do smell good!"
Granny Smith says: "Heh-heh."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Granny Smith, please."
Starlight Glimmer says: "The table?"
Granny Smith says: "Well, my eyes ain't what they used to be, but I'd know for sure if a big ol' table done appeared out of thin air."
Trixie says: "Darn."
Trixie says: "I could've sworn it'd be at the ice cream parlor, because it was warm in the castle and I thought I wanted ice cream, and—"
Trixie says: "Ooh!"
Trixie says: "Maybe we should check out the Crystal Empire, 'cause Twilight's castle is made out of crystals, so I totally had crystals on my mind."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Okay, we better start moving if we want to make it to the Crystal Empire."
Trixie says: "Are you okay, Starlight?"
Trixie says: "Because you seem a little, uh, what's the word..."
Trixie says: ""lch-bh-ba"."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Nope."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I am great."
Trixie says: "Did your saddlebag just glow?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "No."
Trixie says: "Gimme!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "No!"
Trixie says: "Give it here!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Don't!"
Trixie says: "What's in this?"
Bulk Biceps says: "Cinnamon nuts!"
Granny Smith says: "Ooh, I have had a hankerin' for these all day!"
"Clarity Cut" says: "Uh, me, too!"
"Clarity Cut" says: "Ever since that Trixie came by with 'em."
Trixie says: "Um, why are they looking at me like that..."
Trixie says: "?"
Trixie says: "Whoa!"
Granny Smith says: "You ruined my teacakes!"
Trixie says: "What?!"
Trixie says: "!"
"Clarity Cut" says: "You just had to give Twilight those smelly pretzels!"
Trixie says: "Were they your pretzels?"
Trixie says: "I don't understand."
Bulk Biceps says: "You don't pay attention when I'm trying to teach you!"
Trixie says: "Starlight, can you help me, please?!"
Trixie says: "!"
Applejack says: "Uh, Twilight, can you help me, please?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I've seen those symbols!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Over here!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You can do it!"
Rarity says: "Almost there."
Fluttershy says: "I've got the key!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm so impressed."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm not."
Rainbow Dash says: "I knew we were the best!"
Granny Smith says: "You're the worst!"
Trixie says: "That seems harsh."
Granny Smith says: "Hiyaaa!"
Trixie says: "Whoa!"
Trixie says: "Starlight!"
Trixie says: "I don't know what's happening!"
Trixie says: "Starlight, help!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm glad Twilight isn't here to see this."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I wish that Starlight was here to see how strong friendships can be when we trust each other and work together!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You've all taught me so much."
Twilight Sparkle.
Friendship used to make me so queasy, queasy.
But you made it all so easy, easy.
Now I don't have to say what I'm thinking.
You already know without even blinking.
Applejack.
You girls are the apple of my eye.
Rainbow Dash.
The race that doesn't end in a tie.
Pinkie Pie.
You are the funnel cake at my fair.
Fluttershy.
The warm hug of a fuzzy bear.
Mane Six.
Best friends until the end of time.
We'll have each other's backs.
And let our true selves shine.
And that's because everything we need is all right here.
When we're with our team.
Trixie says: "Starlight!"
Trixie says: "A spark of magic could be very helpful right about now!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I can't..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle.
I simply can't imagine there'd be a day.
Where I wouldn't want to be walking your way.
Whatever new problems there may be, may be.
Our friendship is always the door with a key.
Rarity.
You are the jewels in my friendship crown.
Twilight Sparkle.
The sparks that make my world go 'round.
Mane Six.
We bring the best out, that's our goal.
There's no telling how far we'll go.
Best friends until the end of time.
We'll have each other's backs.
And let our true selves shine.
And that's because everything we need is all right here.
When we're with our team!
"Ginger Locks" says: "That was lovely."
"Ginger Locks" says: "But, um, you know the game isn't over until you turn that key?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Gah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Did we do it?"
"Ginger Locks" says: "So close."
"Ginger Locks" says: "You missed the griffon record by two seconds."
"Ginger Locks" says: "Probably shouldn't have sung that song."
Rainbow Dash says: "Aw, nuts!"
Trixie says: "Nuts!"
Bulk Biceps says: "You just do whatever you want to do!"
Trixie says: "Starlight!"
Granny Smith says: "And you don't always..."
Granny Smith says: "..."
Granny Smith says: "have to bring up my dark past!"
Trixie says: "I didn't know you had one, Granny Smith!"
"Clarity Cut" says: "Oh!"
"Clarity Cut" says: "I just can't believe you sometimes!"
"Clarity Cut" says: "You make me so mad!"
Trixie says: "I barely even know you!"
Trixie says: "I don't understand why you're all so mad at me!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "They're not."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I am."
Trixie says: "You are?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm really..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "mad at you."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You lost Twilight's map table."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You make jokes like it's no big deal."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's like you don't even care you could get me in a lot of trouble."
Starlight Glimmer says: "If we can't find that table, Twilight's never going to trust me again, and the worst part is you didn't even say you were sorry!"
Trixie says: "I..."
Trixie says: "I-I'm sorry."
Trixie says: "I had no idea you felt that way."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Yeah!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I do!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "But to be fair, I don't know how you could have known."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I did a spell and bottled up my anger, but when the bottle broke, it infected these three."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm really sorry."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I used magic so I wouldn't use magic."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I should have guessed that would backfire."
"Clarity Cut" says: "Aw, that's all right."
"Clarity Cut" says: "It was a slow day."
Granny Smith says: "Yeah, I was gonna get my dentures cleaned before y'all showed up."
Bulk Biceps says: "Ah!"
Bulk Biceps says: "Oh, no!"
Bulk Biceps says: "My nut cart!"
Bulk Biceps says: "Yay!"
Bulk Biceps says: "My nut cart!"
"Clarity Cut" says: "Uh, hang on."
"Clarity Cut" says: "Don't you work at the spa?"
Bulk Biceps says: "I'm late for my other job!"
Bulk Biceps says: "What?"
Bulk Biceps says: "I wear many hats."
Trixie says: "Not gonna lie."
Trixie says: "Hearing you and those random ponies say all those terrible things about me wasn't easy."
Trixie says: "But I needed to hear it."
Trixie says: "Why didn't you just tell me how you felt?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I didn't want to lose you as a friend."
Trixie says: "Pfft!"
Trixie says: "Come on!"
Trixie says: "It'd take a lot more than that to lose me."
Trixie says: "Our friendship is stronger than a few angry words."
Starlight Glimmer says: "And a magical temper tantrum?"
Trixie says: "Listen, I'd take that over the boring pony you were becoming any day."
Trixie says: "The Starlight I love is passionate, lively, and yeah, sometimes angry."
Trixie says: "Those are my favorite parts of you."
Trixie says: "That and the fact that you forgive me every time."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'll forgive you if you forgive me."
Trixie says: "Deal."
Trixie says: "I remembered what I was thinking about!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You're kidding me."
Trixie says: "There's more to it than that."
Trixie says: "I was thinking about how glad I am to have met you, and I remembered our first meeting – here at the Ponyville spa."
Trixie says: "And now I just have to teleport it back!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "No-no-no-no-no-no-no!"
Spike says: "A little to the left."
Spike says: "Oh, now rotate it just a hair..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hey, girls!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "How'd it go?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Nothing!"
Trixie says: "Nothing!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Let's just say I learned a friendship lesson while you were gone."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You've barely graduated, and you're already taking initiative!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So proud..."
Fluttershy says: "We learned about team building and problem solving..."
Pinkie Pie says: "And when not to sing songs!"
Rarity says: "We certainly had a good time, but I really was looking forward to a spa day, and the Ponyville spa's still open."
Rarity says: "Anyone?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sounds good to me!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I have a coupon!"
Trixie says: "We'll meet you there!"
Trixie says: "Quick!"
Trixie says: "Do you have a spell that will make the spa ponies forget that the map table was there?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Haven't you learned anything about using magic to solve your problems?"
Trixie says: "No."
Trixie says: "If we learned that lesson, how will we ever have fun?"