Previously on My Little Pony.
Twilight Sparkle says: ""Elements of Harmony, see 'Mare in the Moon'"?"
Spike says: "But that's just an old ponies' tale."
Twilight Sparkle says: "She will bring about nighttime eternal."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's imperative that the princess is told right away."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I knew she would wanna take immediate action."
Spike says: "My dear Twilight, there is more to a young pony's life than studying."
Spike says: "Make some friends!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "All the ponies in this town are crazy!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I hope the Princess was right."
Rarity says: "She's gone!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh no."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nightmare Moon!"
Mayor Mare says: "Seize her!"
Mayor Mare says: "Only she knows where the Princess is!"
Nightmare Moon says: "Stand back, you foals!"
Applejack says: "Ergh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Come back here!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Nighttime?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Forever?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Where's she going?"
Spike says: "Uh..."
Spike says: "We gotta stop Nightmare!"
Spike says: "..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You've been up all night, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You are a baby dragon after all."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Elements, elements, elements..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ugh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "How can I stop Nightmare Moon without the Elements of Harmony?"
Rainbow Dash says: "And just what are the Elements of Harmony?"
Rainbow Dash says: "And how did you know about Nightmare Moon, huh?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Are you a spy?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa!"
Applejack says: "Simmer down, Sally."
Applejack says: "She ain't no spy."
Applejack says: "But she sure knows what's going on."
Applejack says: "Don't you, Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I read all about the prediction of Nightmare Moon."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Some mysterious objects called the Elements of Harmony are the only things that can stop her, but I don't know what they are, where to find them; I don't even know what they do!"
Pinkie Pie says: ""The Elements of Harmony: A Reference Guide."
Twilight Sparkle says: "How did you find that?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It was under "E"!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There are six Elements of Harmony, but only five are known: Kindness, Laughter, Generosity, Honesty and Loyalty."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The sixth is a complete mystery."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It is said, the last known location of the five elements was in the ancient castle of the royal pony sisters."
Everypony says: "The Everfree Forest!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whee!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Let's go!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Not so fast."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Look, I appreciate the offer, but I'd really rather do this on my own."
Applejack says: "No can do, sugarcube."
Applejack says: "We sure ain't lettin' any friend of ours go into that creepy place alone."
Applejack says: "We're stickin' to you like caramel on a candy apple."
Pinkie Pie says: "Especially if there's candy apples in there."
Pinkie Pie says: "What?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Those things are good."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So, none of you have been in here before?"
Rarity says: "Ugh, heavens no!"
Rarity says: "Just look at it - it's dreadful."
Applejack says: "And it ain't natural."
Applejack says: "Folks say it don't work the same as Equestria."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What's that supposed to mean?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Nopony knows."
Rainbow Dash says: "You know why?"
Applejack says: "Rainbow, quit it."
Rainbow Dash says: "'cause everypony who's ever come in has never come out!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Fluttershy!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Quick!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh my goodness, oh my goodness."
Applejack says: "Hold on!"
Applejack says: "I'm a-comin'!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Applejack!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What do I do?"
Applejack says: "Let go."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you crazy?"
Applejack says: "No I ain't."
Applejack says: "I promise you'll be safe."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's not true!"
Applejack says: "Now listen here."
Applejack says: "What I'm sayin' to you is the honest truth."
Applejack says: "Let go, and you'll be safe."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yaaah!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Phew-wah!"
Fluttershy says: "Sorry girls."
Fluttershy says: "I'm not used to holding anything more than a bunny or two."
Rainbow Dash says: "And once Pinkie and Rarity were saved, whoosh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Me and Fluttershy loop-de-loop around and WHAM!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Caught you right in the nick of time."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes, Rainbow, I was there, and I'm very grateful, but we gotta-  A manticore!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We've gotta get past him!"
Rarity says: "Take that, you ruffian!"
Rarity says: "My hair!"
Fluttershy says: "Wait."
Applejack says: "YEE-HAW!"
Applejack says: "Git along, little dogie."
Fluttershy says: "Wait."
Applejack says: "Whoa!"
Applejack says: "All yours, partner."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm on it."
Fluttershy says: "Wait!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow!"
Fluttershy says: "WAIT!"
Fluttershy says: "Shhh..."
Fluttershy says: "It's okay."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, you poor, poor little baby."
Rainbow Dash says: "Little?"
Fluttershy says: "Now this might hurt for just a second."
Everypony says: "Fluttershy!"
Fluttershy says: "Aw you're just a little ol' baby kitty, aren't you?"
Fluttershy says: "Yes you are, yes you are."
Twilight Sparkle says: "How did you know about the thorn?"
Fluttershy says: "I didn't."
Fluttershy says: "Sometimes we all just need to be shown a little kindness."
Rarity says: "No."
Rarity says: "My eyes need a rest from all this icky muck."
Rarity says: "Well, I didn't mean that literally."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That ancient ruin could be right in front of our faces and we wouldn't even know it."
Rarity says: "I didn't see you there, my apologies."
Rainbow Dash says: "Right here..."
Rainbow Dash says: "guh..."
Applejack says: "Oh wait, I think I stepped in somethin'."
Applejack says: "It's just mud."
Applejack says: "Aah!"
Everypony says: "Huh?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie, what are you doing?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Run!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh girls, don't you see?"
Pinkie Pie.
When I was a little filly and the sun was going down...
Twilight Sparkle says: "Tell me she's not..."
Pinkie Pie.
The darkness and the shadows, they would always make me frown...
Rarity says: "She is."
Pinkie Pie.
I'd hide under my pillow.
From what I thought I saw.
But Granny Pie said that wasn't the way.
To deal with fears at all.
Rainbow Dash says: "Then what is?"
Pinkie Pie.
She said, "Pinkie, you gotta stand up tall.
Learn to face your fears.
You'll see that they can't hurt you.
Just laugh to make them disappear.".
Ha! Ha! Ha!
Pinkie Pie.
So, giggle at the ghostly.
Guffaw at the grossly.
Crack up at the creepy.
Whoop it up with the weepy.
Chortle at the kooky.
Snortle at the spooky.
And tell that big dumb scary face to take a hike and leave you alone and if he thinks he can scare you then he's got another thing coming and the very idea of such a thing just makes you wanna... hahahaha... heh...
Laaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaauuuugh!
Pinkie Pie says: "How are we gonna cross this?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Huh?"
Steven Magnet says: "What a world, what a world."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Excuse me, sir."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why are you crying?"
Steven Magnet says: "Well, I don't know."
Steven Magnet says: "I was just sitting here, minding my own business, when this tacky little cloud of purple smoke just whisked past me and tore half of my beloved mustache clean off, and now I look simply horrid."
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, give me a break."
Applejack says: "That's what all the fuss is about?"
Rarity says: "Why, of course it is."
Rarity says: "How can you be so insensitive?"
Rarity says: "Oh, just look at him."
Rarity says: "Such lovely luminescent scales."
Steven Magnet says: "I know."
Rarity says: "And your expertly coiffed mane."
Steven Magnet says: "Oh, I know, I know."
Rarity says: "Your fabulous manicure."
Steven Magnet says: "It's so true!"
Rarity says: "All ruined without your beautiful mustache."
Steven Magnet says: "It's true, I'm hideous!"
Rarity says: "I simply cannot let such a crime against fabulosity go uncorrected."
Steven Magnet says: "What did you do that for?"
Steven Magnet says: "Oh-hohohoho!"
Steven Magnet says: "My mustache."
Steven Magnet says: "How wonderful."
Rarity says: "You look smashing."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, Rarity, your beautiful tail..."
Rarity says: "Oh."
Rarity says: "It's fine, my dear."
Rarity says: "Short tails are in this season."
Rarity says: "Besides, it'll grow back."
Rainbow Dash says: "So would the mustache."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We can cross now."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Let's go."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ah!"
Steven Magnet says: "Allow me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There it is, the ruin that holds The Elements of Harmony."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We made it!"
Applejack says: "Twilight, wait for us!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're almost there."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Whoa!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What's with you and falling off cliffs today?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Now what?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Duh."
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh yeah."
Shadowbolt Leader says: "Rainbow..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Who's there?"
Shadowbolt Leader says: "Rainbow..."
Rainbow Dash says: "I ain't scared of you!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Show yourself!"
Shadowbolt Leader says: "We've been eagerly awaiting the arrival of the best flyer in Equestria."
Rainbow Dash says: "Who?"
Shadowbolt Leader says: "Why, you, of course."
Rainbow Dash says: "Really?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I mean..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh yeah, me."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey, uh, you wouldn't mind telling the Wonderbolts that, would ya?"
Rainbow Dash says: "'cause I've been trying to get into that group for like, ever."
Shadowbolt Leader says: "No, Rainbow Dash."
Shadowbolt Leader says: "We want you to join us, The Shadowbolts."
Shadowbolt Leader says: "We're the greatest aerial team in the Everfree Forest, and soon we will be the greatest in all Equestria, but first, we need a captain."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yep."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yes."
Shadowbolt Leader says: "Bravest flyer in all the land."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yes,  it's all true."
Shadowbolt Leader says: "We need..."
Shadowbolt Leader says: "you."
Rainbow Dash says: "WOOHOO!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Sign me up."
Rainbow Dash says: "Just let me tie this bridge real quick and then we have a deal."
Shadowbolt Leader says: "No!"
Shadowbolt Leader says: "It's them or us."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow, what's taking so long?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh no."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Don't listen to them."
Shadowbolt Leader says: "Well?"
Rainbow Dash says: "You..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Thank you!"
Rainbow Dash says: "For the offer, I mean, but I'm afraid I have to say no."
Rainbow Dash says: "See?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'd never leave my friends hangin'."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Whoa."
Applejack says: "Come on, Twilight."
Applejack says: "Isn't this what you've been waitin' for?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Elements of Harmony, we've found them."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Careful, careful!"
Pinkie Pie says: "One, two, three, four..."
Pinkie Pie says: "There's only five!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Where's the sixth?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The book said: when the five are present, a spark will cause the sixth Element to be revealed."
Applejack says: "What in the hay is that supposed to mean?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm not sure, but I have an idea."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Stand back."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know what will happen."
Applejack says: "Come on now, y'all."
Applejack says: "She needs to concentrate."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Aah!"
Everypony says: "Twilight!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Elements!"
[All five ponies talking over each other says: "Fluttershy: Twilight?"
[All five ponies talking over each other says: "Applejack: What?"
[All five ponies talking over each other says: "Rarity: Where did she go?"
[All five ponies talking over each other says: "Pinkie Pie: What happened?"
[All five ponies talking over each other says: "Rainbow Dash: What's going on?"
Applejack says: "Twilight, where are you?"
Rarity says: "Look!"
Applejack says: "Come on!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hmph!"
Nightmare Moon says: "You're kidding."
Nightmare Moon says: "You're kidding, right?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just one spark."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come on, come on."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Aah!"
Nightmare Moon says: "No, no!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "where's the sixth Element?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
[All five ponies talking over each other says: "Pinkie Pie: Don't worry Twilight, we're here."
[All five ponies talking over each other says: "Applejack: Don't worry, we'll be there."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You think you can destroy The Elements of Harmony just like that?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, you're wrong, because the spirits of The Elements of Harmony are right here."
Nightmare Moon says: "What?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Applejack, who reassured me when I was in doubt, represents the spirit of..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "honesty!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy, who tamed the manticore with her compassion, represents the spirit of..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "kindness!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie Pie, who banished fear by giggling in the face of danger, represents the spirit of..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "laughter!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity, who calmed a sorrowful serpent with a meaningful gift represents the spirit of..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "generosity!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And Rainbow Dash, who could not abandon her friends for her own heart's desire represents the spirit of..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "loyalty!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The spirits of these five ponies got us through every challenge you threw at us."
Nightmare Moon says: "You still don't have the sixth Element!"
Nightmare Moon says: "The spark didn't work!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But it did!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "A different kind of spark."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I felt it the very moment I realized how happy I was to hear you, to see you, how much I cared about you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The spark ignited inside me when I realized that you all..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "are my friends!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You see, Nightmare Moon, when those Elements are ignited by the..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "the spark, that resides in the heart of us all, it creates the sixth element: the element of..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "magic!"
Nightmare Moon says: "Nooo!"
Nightmare Moon says: "Nooo!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh, my head."
Applejack says: "Everypony okay?"
Rarity says: "Oh, thank goodness."
Fluttershy says: "Why Rarity, it's so lovely."
Rarity says: "I know!"
Rarity says: "I'll never part with it again."
Fluttershy says: "No."
Fluttershy says: "Your necklace."
Fluttershy says: "It looks just like your cutie mark."
Rarity says: "What?"
Rarity says: "Ooh."
Rarity says: "So does yours."
Pinkie Pie says: "Look at mine!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Look at mine!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Aw yeah."
Applejack says: "Gee, Twilight!"
Applejack says: "I thought you were just spoutin' a lot of hooey, but I reckon we really do represent the elements of friendship."
Princess Celestia says: "Indeed you do."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess Celestia."
Princess Celestia says: "Twilight Sparkle, my faithful student."
Princess Celestia says: "I knew you could do it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "you told me it was all an old pony tale."
Princess Celestia says: "I told you that you needed to make some friends, nothing more."
Princess Celestia says: "I saw the signs of Nightmare Moon's return, and I knew it was you who had the magic inside to defeat her, but you could not unleash it until you let true friendship into your heart."
Princess Celestia says: "Now if only another will as well."
Princess Celestia says: "Princess Luna!"
Princess Celestia says: "It has been a thousand years since I have seen you like this."
Princess Celestia says: "Time to put our differences behind us."
Princess Celestia says: "We were meant to rule together, little sister."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sister?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Sister?"
Princess Celestia says: "Will you accept my friendship?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whoa!"
Princess Luna says: "I'm so sorry!"
Princess Luna says: "I missed you so much, big sister!"
Princess Celestia says: "I've missed you, too."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hey, you know what this calls for?"
Pinkie Pie says: "A party!"
Princess Celestia says: "Why so glum, my faithful student?"
Princess Celestia says: "Are you not happy that your quest is complete and you can return to your studies in Canterlot?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's just it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just when I learned how wonderful it is to have friends, I have to leave them."
Princess Celestia says: "Spike, take a note, please."
Princess Celestia says: "I, Princess Celestia, hereby decree that the unicorn Twilight Sparkle shall take on a new mission for Equestria."
Princess Celestia says: "She must continue to study the magic of friendship."
Princess Celestia says: "She must report to me her findings from her new home in Ponyville."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh thank you, Princess Celestia!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'll study harder than ever before."
Pinkie Pie says: "Isn't this exciting?"