Previously on My Little Pony.
Princess Celestia says: "Magic is disappearing all across Equestria!"
Cozy Glow says: "Didn't we learn about a creature that eats magic?"
Princess Luna says: "Somepony should investigate."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We'll go."
Gallus says: "I thought Starlight Glimmer was gonna be temporary headmare."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "With Equestria under attack, ponies must stand together."
Sandbar says: "I need the Cutie Mark Crusaders."
Sandbar says: "My friends are in trouble."
Lord Tirek says: "It seems my little protégé's plan worked after all."
Cozy Glow says: "The future Empress of Friendship!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Cozy Glow is behind all of this?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Spike says: "Um, there's seven of us."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I knew we shouldn't have left!"
Applejack says: "But Starlight's in charge at the school."
Applejack says: "If anypony can stop Cozy Glow, it's her."
Lord Tirek says: "Cozy Glow outsmarted the six of you!"
Lord Tirek says: "I doubt this Starlight stands a chance!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We have to get out of here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Her students can't handle Cozy on their own."
Rainbow Dash says: "Then I guess we'll just have to bust our way out!"
Rarity says: "Not everything can be solved with brute force."
Rarity says: "We need magic to escape."
Pinkie Pie says: "Maybe there's a way to get out without magic."
Pinkie Pie says: "Like a secret lever or a secret button or a secret admirer who knows a secret about you but is all, "Your secret's safe with me because I put it in Tartarus and I have a key!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm afraid not."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The most powerful villains and monsters of all time are trapped here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And without our magic, so are we."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Unless..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "These creatures might be losing their magical powers, but there's still a magic that makes up what they are."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe we can borrow some of that."
Cozy Glow says: "Uh, excuse me?"
Cozy Glow says: "Um, Chancellor Neighsay?"
Chancellor Neighsay says: "You might as well get used to calling me Headstallion Neighsay."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "I plan to be here for quite some time."
Cozy Glow says: "Gee, it sure is a relief to have somepony in charge, what with the magical crisis going on."
Cozy Glow says: "And we're all so grateful to you for taking care of those..."
Cozy Glow says: "non-ponies."
Cozy Glow says: "But doesn't the EEA need you?"
Chancellor Neighsay says: "What the EEA needs is somepony to protect this school from the threats at Equestria's borders instead of gallivanting off on adventures beyond them."
Cozy Glow says: "Twilight didn't just run off willy-nilly."
Cozy Glow says: "She left me in charge."
Cozy Glow says: "I'm her right-hoof mare!"
Chancellor Neighsay says: "Another in a long list of mistakes the Princess of Friendship has made."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "Rest assured, from now on, this school shall be run according to strict EEA guidelines."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "The way it always should've been."
Cozy Glow says: "Well, that sounds just peachy—"
Cozy Glow says: "..."
Cozy Glow says: "Headstallion Neighsay."
Sweetie Belle says: "Cozy Glow did all of this?"
Sweetie Belle says: "How?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Why?"
Apple Bloom says: "I don't know."
Apple Bloom says: "But come on, y'all."
Apple Bloom says: "We gotta get Starlight out of there before she comes back."
Sandbar says: "Wait!"
Scootaloo says: "Sweetie Belle!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Help!"
Apple Bloom says: "That's gotta be what's suckin' up all the magic in Equestria."
Sandbar says: "But if that's true, then Twilight and the others went to Tartarus for nothing."
Sandbar says: "And if all of Equestria's magic's getting sucked up in there, there's no way for them to get back!"
Scootaloo says: "We need to get help!"
Sweetie Belle says: "But Starlight's trapped here, and there's no way to get word to Celestia or anypony else!"
Apple Bloom says: "I guess we're on our own."
Smolder says: "Still locked, huh?"
Gallus says: "We gotta at least try to get out."
Ocellus says: "Why?"
Ocellus says: "If Sandbar's turned his back on us, every other pony probably has, too."
Yona says: "Sandbar not turn his back!"
Yona says: "Sandbar is our friend!"
Smolder says: "Uh, did you miss the part where he said he didn't want anything to do with us?"
Silverstream says: "Maybe he just said that so one of us could be free to snoop around and figure out what's going on."
Sandbar says: "I dunno."
Sandbar says: "That sounds too clever for a pony to come up with."
Yona says: "Yona knew Sandbar was still our friend!"
Sweetie Belle says: "We all are."
Scootaloo says: "Except for Cozy Glow."
Scootaloo says: "That pony is not who we thought she was."
Apple Bloom says: "She's the one draining magic out of Equestria!"
Young Six sans Sandbar says: "What?!"
Young Six sans Sandbar says: "!"
Sandbar says: "We'll explain on the way."
Sandbar says: "But right now, we gotta get to get to Chancellor Neighsay."
Gallus says: "Huh?"
Sandbar says: "I know he doesn't like non-ponies."
Sandbar says: "But if we tell him what's going on, he'll help."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "I am sure you are all concerned about the magic situation."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "But I want to assure you that this institution is safe, despite the absence of your headmare."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "As your new headstallion, let me be the first to say that the reign of Princess Twilight is over!"
Chancellor Neighsay says: "From now on, this school will adhere to EEA doctrine, as it should have from the start!"
Cozy Glow says: "Thank you, Chancellor Neighsay, for that rousing speech."
Cozy Glow says: "I know you're a stallion who truly believes what you say."
Cozy Glow says: "And when you say this school will be run according to EEA doctrine, I know you mean it."
Cozy Glow says: "And when you say there won't be any more lessons from the Princess of Friendship at the School of Friendship, I guess you mean that, too."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "That's not exactly what—"
Cozy Glow says: "But Twilight decided to run her school outside of the EEA guidelines."
Cozy Glow says: "And even though you tried to stop her, Princesses Celestia and Luna trusted her enough to support her."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "Well, I-I wouldn't say that—"
Cozy Glow says: "So, since I know you mean what you say, my question is really for the students."
Cozy Glow says: "Are we going to give the pony who already tried to wreck Twilight's school once another chance to do it?"
Cozy Glow says: "I guess things will have to stay the way Twilight wants them."
Cozy Glow says: "Which includes leaving me in charge."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "This—"
Chancellor Neighsay says: "!"
Chancellor Neighsay says: "I can—"
Chancellor Neighsay says: "!"
Chancellor Neighsay says: "Just—"
Chancellor Neighsay says: "!"
Sandbar says: "Okay."
Sandbar says: "So maybe we need a new plan."
Cozy Glow says: "Oh, oh, not too tight."
Cozy Glow says: "We don't want to hurt the Chancellor."
Cozy Glow says: "I'm sure Twilight will know what to do with him when she gets back."
Cozy Glow says: "Now, back to class, everyone."
Cozy Glow says: "We let the EEA disrupt our friendship studies long enough."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "Why are you doing this?"
Chancellor Neighsay says: "I thought you wanted to have somepony in charge of the school."
Cozy Glow says: "Oh, I do."
Cozy Glow says: "You just aren't the pony I had in mind."
Cozy Glow says: "I can't very well have the EEA running the school if I want to run it myself."
Cozy Glow says: "Of course, that's just the beginning."
Cozy Glow says: "You see, if there's one thing I've learned here, it's that friendship is the most powerful thing there is."
Cozy Glow says: "And as headmare of the School of Friendship, nopony will have more friends than me!"
Cozy Glow says: "Making me the most powerful pony in Equestria!"
Scootaloo says: "Hey, Cozy Glow!"
Scootaloo says: "What's so funny?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Are you just happy to be running the school?"
Cozy Glow says: "Oh, I'm just keeping Twilight's seat warm."
Apple Bloom says: "Still, it's pretty impressive."
Sweetie Belle says: "Is there anything we can do to help?"
Scootaloo says: "We can hang out with you all day if you want."
Cozy Glow says: "You know, there is something I need help with."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "Oh, wonderful."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "I suppose you've all come to gloat?"
Silverstream says: "Actually, we've come to undo all these chains and free you!"
Chancellor Neighsay says: "But..."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "But why?"
Yona says: "Now that nasty pony met even nastier pony, maybe nasty pony not be so nasty."
Sandbar says: "Also, we'd kind of like to stop Cozy before she drains all the magic from Equestria."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "She's behind that as well?"
Chancellor Neighsay says: "I must get word to Celestia and Luna."
Sandbar says: "How?"
Sandbar says: "Without magic, it'll take forever to get to them."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "While it's true that unicorns have lost their ability to cast spells, the most potent magic in Equestria is housed in our..."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "artifacts."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "The EEA medallion allows me to travel throughout Equestria."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "Its magic worked when I chained you up."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "Perhaps it still has enough to send me to the princesses."
Ocellus says: "I hope he makes it."
Smolder says: "I hope he doesn't come back and lock us up again."
Gallus says: "If he comes back."
Silverstream says: "Everything's gonna be fine!"
Silverstream says: "Twilight and the others are probably already on their way!"
Fluttershy says: "Um, are you sure there's magic in Cerberus?"
Fluttershy says: "Clarissa the pig has two tails, and while her singing voice is lovely, I don't think it's magical."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We need to try everything if we want to get out of here."
Pinkie Pie says: "I don't know."
Pinkie Pie says: "Tartarus isn't so bad."
Pinkie Pie says: "I could hang out here for a while!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Eh."
Pinkie Pie says: "Maybe not forever though."
Lord Tirek says: "But that is just what it will be!"
Lord Tirek says: "If my protégé has followed my instructions, by sunset tonight, every last vestige of Equestrian magic will disappear into the ether forever!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Have you even thought about what losing magic would mean?"
Lord Tirek says: "It means the six of you will be trapped here!"
Lord Tirek says: "Like me!"
Spike says: "Seven!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Exactly."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It means you're trapped here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Forever."
Twilight Sparkle says: "With us."
Lord Tirek says: "Uhhhh..."
Lord Tirek says: "I hadn't thought of it like that."
Spike says: "So, what do we do, Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Dash and Applejack nearly have Cerberus tired out."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If Rarity pitches in, I think they can get him to sit still long enough to try what I have in mind."
Fluttershy says: "I'm sure I can get the other monsters to help."
Fluttershy says: "Besides, I would never call them monsters."
Spike says: "What about Tirek?"
Spike says: "He's probably got some magic, too, right?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Leave him to me."
Rarity says: "Down!"
Fluttershy says: "Okay, everyone!"
Fluttershy says: "Time to show Equestria that you aren't monsters!"
Fluttershy says: "You're wonderful, mystical creatures!"
I know it's not your birthday, so.
You get a party, even though.
We'll sing and dance from one to ten.
And then we'll do it all again!
Lord Tirek says: "Fine!"
Lord Tirek says: "I'll help you leave!"
Lord Tirek says: "Just please stop!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Tirek's in!"
Apple Bloom says: "It's just so excitin' to have a foal our age runnin' things."
Apple Bloom says: "We should have an ice cream social every day!"
Cozy Glow says: "That's a splendid idea, Apple Bloom."
Cozy Glow says: "But to tell you the truth, the thing I need help with most is cleaning."
Sweetie Belle says: "Say no more."
Sweetie Belle says: "Just take us around the school and show us everything you want cleaned."
Cozy Glow says: "Well, actually, you could start right in here."
Scootaloo says: "It looks pretty clean already."
Cozy Glow says: "Do you three think you can fool me?!"
Cozy Glow says: "!"
Cozy Glow says: "I know a diversion when I see it!"
Yona says: "Uh, why pony lead us back down here?"
Sandbar says: "We obviously can't handle Cozy on our own."
Sandbar says: "But we can't just sit around and wait for help."
Sandbar says: "So, there's one more prisoner I think we should free."
Silverstream says: "Ooh!"
Silverstream says: "I guess Starlight!"
Silverstream says: "Is it Starlight?"
Yona says: "Counselor pony, come out!"
Yona says: "We need help with nasty pony!"
Sandbar says: "She can't talk to us from in there."
Sandbar says: "We'll have to figure a way to get her out."
Gallus says: "Hey!"
Gallus says: "This is just like chapter twelve in "Kanthaka's Facts and Artifacts" from Twilight's class!"
Gallus says: "What?"
Gallus says: "I've been studying."
Gallus says: "Finals are coming up, you know?"
Ocellus says: "Actually, I remember that, too!"
Ocellus says: "Cozy must've linked these artifacts to act like a mystical magnet, attracting all the magic in Equestria into that orb."
Smolder says: "So, we can shut it down by yanking one of these things out, right?"
Ocellus says: "Sure, though that would probably cause a magical feedback loop and destroy the whole school!"
Cozy Glow says: "Destroy the School of Friendship?!"
Cozy Glow says: "!"
Cozy Glow says: "Oh, dear!"
Cozy Glow says: "Chancellor Neighsay was wrong about a lot of things, but I guess he was right about all of you!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "All right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Is everypony ready?"
Rarity says: "I can't say for how much longer."
Pinkie Pie says: "All eternity!"
Lord Tirek says: "Yes, by all means, please!"
Lord Tirek says: "Just get on with it!"
Pinkie Pie says: "There's your cue, you evil centaur, you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think it's working!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come on!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know how long I can hold it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Good boy!"
Fluttershy says: "Bye, friends."
Fluttershy says: "Hopefully, we'll be able to turn you all back into your normal, wonderful selves soon."
Pinkie Pie says: "Thanks for the assist, your redness!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yay!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Twilight did it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I couldn't have done it without all your help."
Rarity says: "I'm not sure we did!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No!"
Applejack says: "Tirek said all of Equestria's magic would be gone at sunset."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Without magic, there's no way we'll get back to the school in time!"
Fluttershy says: "What does that mean?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It means..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "we've failed!"
Cozy Glow says: "After everything Twilight's done for you, why would you want to destroy her school?"
Gallus says: "We don't!"
Gallus says: "You're the one using these artifacts to drain magic from Equestria!"
Cozy Glow says: "Me?!"
Cozy Glow says: "!"
Cozy Glow says: "We all just saw you with your claws all over them!"
Cozy Glow says: "It all makes sense."
Cozy Glow says: "These creatures want magic gone from Equestria because it's the only thing ponies have that they don't!"
Ocellus says: "Technically, there's a magical component when Silverstream and I transform."
Yona says: "And Yona's friends' friendship is magic!"
Yona says: "Twilight said!"
Cozy Glow says: "And you repay her by sending her to Tartarus on a wild goose chase so you could destroy everything she built!"
Cozy Glow says: "They've even trapped Starlight in that-that thing!"
Cozy Glow says: "We have to defend this school!"
Sandbar says: "No!"
Sandbar says: "No, don't listen to her!"
Young Six and students shouting and grunting.
Smolder says: "Gallus!"
"Citrine Spark" says: "They just sacrificed themselves trying to save their friend."
"Citrine Spark" says: "Professor Dash always said there's nothing more loyal than that."
"Citrine Spark" says: "Shouldn't we try to save them?"
Cozy Glow says: "They brought this on themselves."
Cozy Glow says: "There's nothing we can do."
"Berry Bliss" says: "That doesn't seem very generous."
"Berry Bliss" says: "Or kind."
Cozy Glow says: "Yeah, yeah."
Cozy Glow says: "The Elements of Harmony are very important."
Cozy Glow says: "They're just not applicable in every circumstance."
Cozy Glow says: "And with magic gone from Equestria, I'm not even sure the Tree of Harmony will be as helpful as it once was."
Cozy Glow says: "What's happening?!"
Cozy Glow says: "!"
"Berry Bliss" says: "They're glowing like the Elements!"
"Berry Bliss" says: "I think the Tree of Harmony saved them!"
Gallus says: "Guess our friendship is pretty magical after all."
Ocellus says: "Hurry!"
Ocellus says: "Grab the artifacts!"
Silverstream says: "Um, didn't you say that could destroy the school?"
Ocellus says: "But if we don't try, we could lose magic forever!"
Sandbar says: "You all better get clear!"
Cozy Glow says: "Wait!"
Cozy Glow says: "Where are you going?!"
Cozy Glow says: "!"
Cozy Glow says: "Stoooooop!"
Yona says: "Counselor pony—"
Yona says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Uh, it's nice to see you, too."
Ocellus says: "I guess magic is back."
Cozy Glow says: "You've ruined everything!"
Cozy Glow says: "Now Twilight and her ridiculous friends can escape from Tartarus!"
Cozy Glow says: "I mean..."
Cozy Glow says: "Yay!"
Cozy Glow says: "All my friends are safe!"
Applejack says: "You can drop the act, Cozy Glow!"
Applejack says: "Your pen pal Tirek told us all about how he helped you suck up all that magic!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I still don't understand why."
Cozy Glow says: "Why?!"
Cozy Glow says: "!"
Cozy Glow says: "Because friendship is power!"
Cozy Glow says: "You might be the Princess of Friendship, but as headmare of this school, I can collect even more friends than you!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're the one who doesn't get it, Cozy."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Friendship is powerful, but power isn't why you make friends."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sorry I couldn't teach you that."
Gallus says: "Well, you taught us."
Silverstream says: "You can't let one bad apple make you think you failed."
Sandbar says: "And we never could've stopped her if we hadn't learned what you taught us about friendship."
Cozy Glow says: "Honesty?"
Cozy Glow says: "Loyalty?"
Cozy Glow says: "Generosity?"
Cozy Glow says: "Blah-blah-blah!"
Cozy Glow says: "I can make more friends without using any of them!"
Cozy Glow says: "And if I can't do it here, I'll do it somewhere else!"
"Patty Peppermint" says: "Yeah..."
"Patty Peppermint" says: "I don't think so!"
Chancellor Neighsay says: "I'm glad you're back in charge of the School of Friendship, Princess."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "It's clear to me now that there is nopony better suited for the job."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What's going on?"
Silverstream says: "Hi, Headmare Twilight!"
Silverstream says: "We're just practicing for graduation!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Graduation?"
Gallus says: "Now that we've saved Equestria, we figure we're done with school."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Saving Equestria is nice, but I'm afraid it'll take more than one semester to learn all there is to know about friendship."
Spike says: "Told ya."
Young Six says: "Awwww..."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "Your headmare is right."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "I thought friendship was something only ponies should share with each other."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "But you all taught me how wrong I was."
Chancellor Neighsay says: "I suppose true friendship can take a lifetime to understand."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If it were easy to learn, we wouldn't need a school."
Apple Bloom says: "We held her off as long as we could!"
Scootaloo says: "But she locked us in this closet!"
Sweetie Belle says: "What happened?!"
Sweetie Belle says: "!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Is everything all right?!"
Sweetie Belle says: "!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Where's Cozy Glow?!"
Sweetie Belle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everything worked out just fine."
Princess Celestia says: "As for Cozy Glow, I can assure you—"
Princess Celestia says: "where she's going, she won't be causing any more trouble."
Lord Tirek says: "Of course it's boring here now!"
Lord Tirek says: "But at least you're not in a cage!"
Cozy Glow says: "Hey, neighbor."
Cozy Glow says: "Wanna be friends?"