Spike says: "You know the worst thing about you being the Princess of Friendship?"
Spike says: "The dishes."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thanks for taking care of that, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "After three events in one week, I really needed to relax with a good book."
Spike says: "It's kinda funny, isn't it?"
Spike says: "All these ponies comin' to you for advice about friendship?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What's funny about that?"
Spike says: "You know, 'cause you used to be famous for being such a bad friend."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What are you talking about?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I had good friends in Canterlot."
Spike says: "Come on, Twilight."
Spike says: "Look at the wall."
Spike says: "D'ya see any photos from before we moved to Ponyville?"
Spike says: "And look at you now – the Princess of Friendship."
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is a disaster!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "All my old friends!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't remember any of their names right now!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But do you really think that they think I'm a bad friend?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Spike says: "Well, I only meant that you've come so far."
Spike says: "You're a great friend now and—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, I feel terrible!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've gotta make it up to them!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pack a bag, Spike!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're going to Canterlot!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And make a list of my friends' names."
Spike says: "Aw."
Spike says: "Me and my big mouth."
Spike says: "Come on, Twilight."
Spike says: "You're getting worked up about nothin'."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The only logical place to start is at the beginning."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's exactly how we left it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Look!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's Predictions and Prophecies!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And it's still open to the Elements of Harmony!"
Spike says: "And here's that present I was gonna give Moon Dancer!"
Spike says: "Huh."
Spike says: "Guess she won't be needing that."
Spike says: "Hey, look!"
Spike says: "The rest of it's still here!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "How could I have let this happen?"
Spike says: "Come on, Twilight."
Spike says: "Princess Celestia gave you an assignment."
Spike says: "Nopony could blame you for that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But look at the way I left this place."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's a total mess!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just like how I left my friendships."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've gotta make it up toooo..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "uh..."
Spike says: "Oh!"
Spike says: "Uh, Minuette, Twinkleshine, Lemon Hearts, Lyra Heartstrings, and Moon Dancer."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yeah."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Them."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come on!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We've got work to do!"
Spike says: "Have you been awake all night?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I did a little research, and I think I know where we can find Minuette!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That is one of my friends, right?"
Spike says: "Uh, it's not too late to forget I opened my big mouth."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No, Spike, I'm glad you opened your big mouth."
Twilight Sparkle says: "These ponies have probably been suffering ever since I left."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wondering why their supposed friend would treat them so badly!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Minuette?"
Minuette says: "Twilight Sparkle!"
Minuette says: "But they've never believed me!"
Minuette says: "Wait-wait-wait!"
Minuette says: "Really fluff 'em up, huh?"
Minuette says: "So what are you doing here?"
Minuette says: "I mean, I know you're here all the time, but you never come to see me."
Minuette says: "Hey!"
Minuette says: "I just had the greatest idea!"
Minuette says: "You wanna go see Lemon Hearts and Twinkleshine?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Of course!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "My old friends!"
Minuette says: "It'll be great!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is perfect!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can apologize to all three of them at once!"
Spike says: "Let's hope they're not as traumatized as Minuette."
Minuette says: "She did!"
Minuette says: "Twinkleshine literally spit out her oats when she heard you were the Princess of Friendship!"
Twinkleshine says: "We saw you at the coronation."
Twinkleshine says: "That was some shindig!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You did?"
Twinkleshine says: "Sure!"
Twinkleshine says: "We see you all the time!"
Minuette says: "You remember our old friend, Lyra, right?"
Minuette says: "We've thought about asking you to join us from time to time, but we just sorta figured you'd moved on."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh."
Lemon Hearts says: "So what brings you by anyway?"
Lemon Hearts says: "All those times you've come back to Canterlot, you never had donuts with us before."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, uh, you see..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I came to apologize."
Minuette says: "For what?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Before I left Canterlot, I didn't really appreciate my friends."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And that's because I didn't know how important friendship was."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I've learned so much since I moved to Ponyville."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I learned what it means to be a good friend and that I certainly wasn't one to the three of you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So for all the pain I caused you, I am truly sorry."
Minuette says: "Oh, come on, Twilight!"
Minuette says: "Sure, it might've stung a little bit when you ran off to Ponyville without saying goodbye, but it's not like we weren't used to that from you!"
Twinkleshine says: "Yeah, we didn't take it personally."
Lemon Hearts says: "But it's really good to see you now."
Lemon Hearts says: "Hey!"
Lemon Hearts says: "Anypony up for a blast from the past?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's our old science lab!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I have so many great memories of this place!"
Minuette says: "Remember when Lemon Hearts got her head stuck in that beaker?"
Young Twilight Sparkle says: "But according to this book, you're supposed to add the sodium chloride first."
Young Moon Dancer says: "I read ahead, and to make a proper salt lick, you need to add the molasses first."
Young Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, I read ahead too, Moon Dancer, and I'm sure it said sodium chloride first."
Young Moon Dancer says: "Oh."
Young Moon Dancer says: "I've got the wrong book."
Young Moon Dancer says: "That's so hilarious."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Whatever happened to Moon Dancer?"
Lemon Hearts says: "Moon Dancer?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yeah, you know, our other friend."
Twinkleshine says: "Oh, right!"
Twinkleshine says: "Moon Dancer!"
Twinkleshine says: "I remember her!"
Lemon Hearts says: "I wonder what she's up to."
Minuette says: "Yeah, I always liked her."
Minuette says: "We just sort of lost touch after you left."
Twinkleshine says: "I think she went to live out by the stadium, didn't she?"
Lemon Hearts says: "Well, let's go see."
Minuette says: "I think this is the place."
Minuette says: "Didn't used to look like this, though."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Moon Dancer?"
Moon Dancer says: "What do you want?"
Moon Dancer says: "I'm trying to study."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's us!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Your old friends!"
Moon Dancer says: "Ugh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Exactly how I used to be."
Spike says: "Come on, Twilight!"
Spike says: "We've been watching her for three days!"
Spike says: "Library, house, library, house."
Spike says: "That's it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nopony looks at her or says hello or even gives her a smile."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's like she doesn't even exist."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Was she always like this?"
Minuette says: "Well, she always was a little shy."
Minuette says: "But for a while there, she was really starting to come out of her shell."
Minuette says: "Remember when she threw that party?"
Minuette says: "Oh, right."
Minuette says: "I think you might've been busy that day."
Twinkleshine says: "There you are, Twilight!"
Twinkleshine says: "Moon Dancer is having a little get-together in the west castle courtyard."
Twinkleshine says: "You wanna come?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, sorry, girls..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've got a lot of studying to catch up on."
Minuette says: "Thought she finally might be letting her guard down a little with that party."
Minuette says: "We invited her out a few times after that."
Minuette says: "But she was always too busy studying."
Minuette says: "So, eventually, we just stopped asking."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I had no idea that party was so important to her."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've gotta find a way to make it up to her!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, my gosh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Moon Dancer?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Is that—"
Ponies says: "Shh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Moon Dancer, can I talk to you for a min—"
Moon Dancer says: "Shh!"
Moon Dancer says: "What is this?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Eh, a bubble of silence."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I haven't seen you in a while and I thought it might be nice to catch up."
Moon Dancer says: "For what purpose?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You know, 'cause we're friends."
Ponies says: "Shhh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm really sorry to bother you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I was just hoping we would go outside and talk for a bit."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sorry I skipped your party."
Moon Dancer says: "Why won't you leave me alone?"
Moon Dancer says: "I'm trying to study!"
Moon Dancer says: "You've got the wrong pony!"
Moon Dancer says: "I don't have parties!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You did once."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And I was so caught up in my own studying that I didn't take your feelings into account."
Moon Dancer says: "Look, Twilight Twinkle—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sparkle."
Moon Dancer says: "Whatever!"
Moon Dancer says: "I just need to be alone so I can study without some crazy pony trying to make friends, all right?!"
Moon Dancer says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fine!"
Moon Dancer says: "Wait."
Moon Dancer says: "How did you get into my book like that?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've been studying a new studying technique."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can only do it for a few minutes, but you'd be amazed how much you can pick up when you're actually in a book!"
Moon Dancer says: "It's one of Hayscartes' methods."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You know Hayscartes?"
Moon Dancer says: "Of course!"
Moon Dancer says: "He's a genius!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I have a copy of his Treatise on Ponies, you know."
Moon Dancer says: "What is this place?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is where I used to live."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You mean, I never had you over?"
Moon Dancer says: "Wow!"
Moon Dancer says: "A first edition of Principles of Magic!"
Moon Dancer says: "Hey, didn't I give this to you?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe?"
Moon Dancer says: "I did!"
Moon Dancer says: "Look, I even wrote something!"
Moon Dancer says: ""To my friend, Twilight Sparkle."
Moon Dancer says: "Thanks for introducing me to the classics."
Moon Dancer says: "" I can see by the fact that you left it here that it meant a lot to you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Look, I didn't bring you over here for even more poignant reminders of what a bad friend I was."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I brought you here to give you this."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You can come here whenever you want and study to your heart's content."
Moon Dancer says: "Really?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But first, you've gotta do something for me."
Moon Dancer says: "What?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Have dinner with our old friends tonight."
Moon Dancer says: "I can't."
Moon Dancer says: "I'm reorganizing my biology scrolls."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've been spending a lot of time with Minuette, Twinkleshine, and Lemon Hearts since I've been back."
Twilight Sparkle says: "They really miss you."
Moon Dancer says: "Look!"
Moon Dancer says: "I already told you!"
Moon Dancer says: "The last thing I need is a bunch of ridiculous friend-making keeping me from studying!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Moon Dancer, wait!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "A wise pony once taught me that there's more to life than dusty old books!"
Moon Dancer says: "I tried friendship and it's just not for me."
Moon Dancer says: "Now, if you'll excuse me..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What if I taught you Hayscartes' method?"
Minuette says: "So, uh, what are you studying these days?"
Moon Dancer says: "Science, magic, history, economics, pottery."
Moon Dancer says: "Things like that."
Minuette says: "Yowza!"
Minuette says: "You planning on being a professor or something?"
Moon Dancer says: "No."
Minuette says: "So you're just..."
Minuette says: "studying."
Moon Dancer says: "Can I go now?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Moon Dancer, please."
Minuette says: "It's all right, Twilight."
Minuette says: "We're having a good time."
Minuette says: "Right, everypony?"
Minuette says: "So, uh..."
Minuette says: "Spike, tell Moon Dancer that story 'bout how Twilight had to read a book about doing a sleepover!"
Moon Dancer says: "Slumber 101?"
Moon Dancer says: "I've read that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Really?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, uh, did you know Lemon Hearts here works at the Canterlot palace?"
Lemon Hearts says: "Uh, yeah."
Lemon Hearts says: "It's true."
Lemon Hearts says: "I do the big events mostly."
Lemon Hearts says: "State dinners, that sort of thing."
Moon Dancer says: "Ugh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Moon Dancer!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You've gotta give friendship a chance!"
Moon Dancer says: "Dah!"
Moon Dancer says: "I gave friendship a chance a long time ago!"
Moon Dancer says: "It didn't work out then – it isn't gonna work out now!"
Spike says: "Twilight, are you all right?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No, I'm not."
Spike says: "W-Where are you goin'?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I really messed this one up."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That party was everything to her."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can only imagine what it must've felt like when I didn't show up."
Minuette says: "Hey, Moon Dancer!"
Minuette says: "Look at this spread, huh?"
Moon Dancer says: "Thank you so much for coming!"
Twinkleshine says: "Of course."
Twinkleshine says: "We wouldn't miss one of our best friends' parties."
Moon Dancer says: "Is Twilight coming?"
Moon Dancer says: "Oh."
Moon Dancer says: "Okay."
Moon Dancer says: "Sure..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If there was only a way to undo the damage..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know what I need to do."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And I know just who can help me."
Minuette says: "Huh."
Minuette says: "Guess they must've gone back to Ponyville."
Pinkie Pie says: "Wheeeeeeeee!"
Minuette says: "Huh?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whoooooaaa!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That was awesome!"
Pinkie Pie says: "We gotta go flying more often, Twilight!"
Minuette says: "There you are!"
Minuette says: "I thought you threw in the old towel and headed home!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I did head home."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But not to throw in the towel."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I went to get my secret weapon."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Minuette, meet—"
Minuette says: "Hey!"
Minuette says: "Pinkie Pie!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hi, Minuette!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Twilight, you didn't say Minuette would be here!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You two know each other?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, sure!"
Pinkie Pie says: "She was one of Cadance's bridesmaids!"
Pinkie Pie says: "We hang out all the time when she's in Ponyville!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Didn't you know that?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ha!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And you call yourself the Princess of Friendship!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Twilight briefed me on the way here."
Pinkie Pie says: "We'll need fifteen bags of confetti and as many hooves as we can get."
Minuette says: "Let's go!"
Minuette says: "We can pass by the donut place on the way!"
Spike says: "And what are we gonna do?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just come with me."
Moon Dancer says: "Ooh!"
Moon Dancer says: "A Brief History of the Wagon Harness!"
Moon Dancer says: "Huh?"
Moon Dancer says: "The Life and Times of Morari the Maneless?"
Moon Dancer says: "What is this?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's a party."
Twilight Sparkle says: "For you."
Pinkie Pie says: "Surprise!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come on in!"
Moon Dancer says: "Thanks but no thanks."
Moon Dancer says: "I don't do parties."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And I think it's my fault."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Back when we were in school together, you invited me to a party."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I was so focused on my studies that I didn't show up."
Moon Dancer says: "Big deal!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It was a big deal."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And now that I realize how important friendship is, I'd like to make up for my mistake with a new party."
Twilight Sparkle says: "A party in honor of my friend Moon Dancer!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Please, you've got to let me make this up to you."
Moon Dancer says: "And you think this is gonna do it, huh?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh, yes?"
Moon Dancer says: "Well, sure, why wouldn't it?"
Moon Dancer says: "That was only the first time I put myself out there, and then you didn't even bother to show up!"
Moon Dancer says: "Then you left town without saying goodbye even though we were supposed to be friends!"
Moon Dancer says: "I was humiliated!"
Moon Dancer says: "I felt like I wasn't important!"
Moon Dancer says: "I never wanted to let myself be hurt like that again!"
Moon Dancer says: "Those three finally convinced me that I had value!"
Moon Dancer says: "That other ponies might like me and want to be my friend!"
Moon Dancer says: "And you!"
Moon Dancer says: "Didn't!"
Moon Dancer says: "Show!"
Moon Dancer says: "Up!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "This party can't make up for the way I hurt you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But please, don't let my mistake be the reason you can't be friends with anypony else."
Minuette says: "We were your friends then and we'd be honored to be your friends now."
Moon Dancer says: "What?"
Moon Dancer says: "That's the librarian!"
Moon Dancer says: "The bookseller!"
Moon Dancer says: "My sister!"
Minuette says: "You've got a lot of friends, Moon Dancer."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sorry, Moon Dancer."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've faced magical creatures, the end of Equestria, all sorts of things."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But seeing how my actions affected you, that was one of the worst feelings I've ever had."
Moon Dancer says: "Thank you, Twilight."
Moon Dancer says: "I never realized how much I needed to hear that."
Moon Dancer says: "Now come on, everypony!"
Moon Dancer says: "Let's party!"
Moon Dancer says: "Right?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Right!"
All says: "YAAAAAAY!!!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think it's time for us to go, Moon Dancer."
Moon Dancer says: "Thank you for helping me make some new friends."
Moon Dancer says: "Even if they are my old friends."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We'll come back and visit soon."
Moon Dancer says: "That would be great!"
Moon Dancer says: "You've still gotta teach me that Hayscartes technique!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Deal."
Spike says: "Um, Moon Dancer?"
Spike says: "It got kinda banged up, but here's a little something I wanted to give you back at your first party."