Rarity says: "Oh, Sassy Saddles, don't you just love my new Femme Mystique Chic line of gowns?"
Sassy Saddles says: "Sequins and sashes, Rarity, they're exquisite!"
Sassy Saddles says: "Where in Equestria did you find the inspiration?"
Rarity says: "Oh, I modeled them after the adventures of Shadow Spade."
Rarity says: "Her stories are always full of mystery and suspense and, best of all..."
Rarity says: "fabulous costumes!"
Sassy Saddles says: "They're perfect!"
Sassy Saddles says: "What are you doing?"
Rarity says: "Shadow Spade believes it all comes down to attention to detail."
Rarity says: "And so do I."
Rarity says: "There!"
Rarity says: "Now it's perfect."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey guys, how's it—"
Rainbow Dash says: "My bad."
Rainbow Dash says: "Sorry I messed up your dress thingy."
Sassy Saddles says: "Nothing we can't fix in a stitch."
Sassy Saddles says: "What are you doing in Canterlot?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm here for Princess Celestia's royal garden opening tomorrow."
Sassy Saddles says: "Oh, yes!"
Sassy Saddles says: "Rumor has it the gardens are especially lush this season."
Sassy Saddles says: "I heard that the Wonderbolts will be kicking things off with an aerial display."
Rarity says: "You heard right."
Rarity says: "And Rainbow Dash is here to fly with them."
Rarity says: "So exciting!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, kind of exciting."
Rainbow Dash says: "Technically, I'm not flying."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm just the lucky Reserve who was called in to be the backup flyer in case a Wonderbolt can't perform."
Rarity says: "Oh, don't be so modest."
Rarity says: "Out of all the Reserves, you were the one chosen."
Rainbow Dash says: "It is pretty sweet."
Rainbow Dash says: "And I do get to stay in the castle, hang out with the Wonderbolts, and eat awesome food at the dinner tonight."
Rainbow Dash says: "Speaking of the dinner, you're still coming, right?"
Rarity says: "Heavens, yes!"
Rarity says: "A chance to dress up, be charming and show off my newest femme mystique couture?"
Rarity says: "I wouldn't miss it for all of Equestria."
Rainbow Dash says: "Great!"
Rainbow Dash says: "See ya tonight!"
Rarity says: "Ooh, the rhinestones I ordered!"
Rarity says: "Oh, my."
Rarity says: "Oh, there's been a mistake..."
Rarity says: "I ordered dragon-cut stones, and these are hoof-polished."
"Package Deal" says: "I'm sorry, but I've got a full load of deliveries today."
"Package Deal" says: "I'm not sure I have time to redo your order."
Rarity says: "Of course you don't."
Rarity says: "Your job is so difficult."
Rarity says: "Honestly, I don't know how you keep all of those orders straight."
"Package Deal" says: "It is pretty tough, what with the boxes all being..."
"Package Deal" says: "box-shaped."
Rarity says: "Oh, y—"
Rarity says: "oh yes, and I very much appreciate it."
Rarity says: "But if there was any way you could squeeze in one more little delivery, I would be eternally grateful."
"Package Deal" says: "Well, for you, Rarity, I'll see what I can do."
Sassy Saddles says: "Rarity, you could sweet-talk a filly out of candy!"
Rarity says: "Oh, , it was nothing."
Rarity says: "Nopony minds a compliment."
Rarity says: "Now, you simply must help me pick out an outfit for tonight."
Rarity says: "Something from the new collection, of course."
Rainbow Dash says: "Let's grab some grub!"
Rarity says: "Mm, is that Juniper Phoenix I smell?"
Rainbow Dash says: "No, it's broccoli!"
Wind Rider says: "Yeah, Juniper Phoenix is one of my favorite stallion colognes."
Rarity says: "Oh, mine as well."
Rarity says: "It's masculine and yet—"
Rarity says: "—"
Rarity says: "soft with the barest hint of floral notes and—"
Rainbow Dash says: "Rarity!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Don't you know who this is?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rarity says: "A gentlepony with fabulous taste in colognes and scarves?"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's Wind Rider!"
Rarity says: "Oh!"
Rarity says: "So nice to meet you!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You didn't let me finish!"
Rainbow Dash says: "He's a living legend."
Rainbow Dash says: "He holds the Wonderbolt record in the Mustang Marathon!"
Wind Rider says: "Well, that was a long time ago."
Wind Rider says: "Honestly, I can't believe I still hold the record."
Spitfire says: "Wind Rider, I see you met Rainbow Dash!"
Spitfire says: "She's one of our most promising Reserves."
Spitfire says: "She just might beat your record."
Wind Rider says: "Really now?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, heh, I'm nowhere near as good as you."
Rainbow Dash says: "I mean, I'm fast, but I don't have the endurance to go long distances."
Spitfire says: "Ah, don't be modest."
Spitfire says: "A little practice and you'll be beating records in no time."
Wind Rider says: "Heh-heh."
Wind Rider says: "Well, it's nice to meet you fillies."
Rainbow Dash says: "I can't believe I just met Wind Rider!"
Misty Fly says: "Yeah, he's coming out of retirement to take the spot of honor in the center of our aerial flower formation tomorrow."
Rainbow Dash says: "Really?"
Rainbow Dash says: "That's incredible!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Guess I'll just watch Wind Rider being awesome from the sidelines..."
Rainbow Dash says: "practice tomorrow is gonna be so boring."
Rarity says: "I don't suppose I could keep you company?"
Rainbow Dash says: "You could!"
Rainbow Dash says: "They always let friends and family come watch practices!"
Rarity says: "Mm, ooh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oops."
Rainbow Dash says: "Heh, sorry about that."
Rainbow Dash says: "Lemme help you clean that up."
Rarity says: "Uh, no-no, it's almost impossible to get stains out of silk."
Rarity says: "But not to worry."
Rarity says: "I've come prepared!"
Rarity says: "That dinner was absolutely divine."
Rarity says: "Thanks for inviting me!"
Rarity says: "Ooh, you're staying in the east tower?"
Rarity says: "Those rooms have the best view of Canterlot!"
Spitfire says: "How lucky are we?"
Spitfire says: "Well, we better get some shuteye before practice."
Rainbow Dash says: "See you tomorrow, Rarity!"
Rarity says: "Good night!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Thanks for keeping me company, Rarity."
Rainbow Dash says: "If you weren't here, well, I don't know who I'd be talking to right now."
Soarin says: "Eh, you'd be talkin' to me."
Soarin says: "Rainbow Dash, Spitfire's mom sent a message that she was sick."
Soarin says: "She had to leave to take care of her."
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, no!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I hope her mom's okay!"
Soarin says: "Me too."
Soarin says: "In the meantime, we need you to fly in her place."
Rainbow Dash says: "L-Like, in the actual show?"
Soarin says: "Unless Spitfire comes back, yes."
Rainbow Dash says: "I won't let you down, Soarin!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh..."
Soarin says: "Uh..."
Soarin says: "Rainbow Dash?"
Rarity says: "Shh!"
Rarity says: "Let her have this, darling."
Rarity says: "Hello there!"
Rarity says: "Friend or family?"
Stormy Flare says: "Family."
Stormy Flare says: "My daughter's a Wonderbolt, but I don't see her up there."
Stormy Flare says: "Do you know Spitfire?"
Rarity says: "Ooh, you're Spitfire's mum?"
Rarity says: "But I thought you were sick."
Stormy Flare says: "What?"
Rarity says: "Well, Spitfire got a note from you saying you weren't feeling well, and she went home to take care of you."
Stormy Flare says: "I didn't send a note."
Rarity says: "That's so strange."
Soarin says: "Stormy Flare?"
Soarin says: "Aren't you supposed to be sick?"
Soarin says: "'Kay, what's happening?"
Stormy Flare says: "I don't know."
Stormy Flare says: "But I do know I didn't send my daughter a note."
Rarity says: "Could somepony have sent Spitfire a fake note?"
Misty Fly says: "Who would do such a thing?"
Soarin says: "Somepony who wanted her out of the show, I suppose."
Rainbow Dash says: "Why would anypony want that?"
Wind Rider says: "Maybe so they could take her spot."
Rainbow Dash says: "Me?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I would never do that to Spitfire!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Why would you think it was me?"
Blaze says: "I did see you and Spitfire leave the dinner together."
Rainbow Dash says: "We were room neighbors in the castle!"
Misty Fly says: "And you did say you'd do anything to fly with Wind Rider."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, but I didn't mean anything."
Soarin says: "Spitfire came by my room and told me she had to go see her mom at around midnight."
Soarin says: "Where were you then?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I was asleep at midnight..."
Rainbow Dash says: "having this totally amazing dream."
Rainbow Dash says: "There I was at the arena flying with Wind Rider and the Wonderbolts, like I've always wanted to—"
Rainbow Dash says: "—"
Rainbow Dash says: "ah, eh, never mind."
Rainbow Dash says: "Not helping."
Wonderbolts whispering.
Soarin says: "Rainbow Dash, if you can prove that somepony else is behind Spitfire's disappearance before the start of the show, then you can still fly with us."
Soarin says: "In the meantime, Misty Fly, Blaze, head over to Stormy Flare's house and try to find Spitfire and bring her back."
Soarin says: "I have to warn you, if you sent that letter, the bylaws are clear."
Soarin says: "I'd have no choice but to ban you from the Wonderbolts forever."
Soarin says: "Understand?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I understand."
Rainbow Dash says: "But how am I gonna prove I didn't send a letter that I didn't send?"
Rarity says: "With me!"
Rarity says: "Detective Rarity is on the case, and we are going to get to the bottom of this faster than my costume change!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, what's with the getup?"
Rarity says: "Obviously, I am channeling Shadow Spade through these gorgeous garments, and she would say that the best way to prove that you didn't send the letter is to find out whoever did."
Rarity says: "First stop – the scene of the crime!"
Rarity says: "We had a long road ahead of us, Rainbow Dash and I."
Rarity says: "Well, not too long because we didn't have much time, but the point is..."
Rarity says: "I was up for the challenge."
Rarity says: "Hmm."
Rarity says: "These look like hairs from a rainbow mane!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That's not good."
Rarity says: "Rainbow Dash was getting antsy, but I had faith I could clear her name and find the real culprit."
Rainbow Dash says: "What are you doing?"
Rarity says: "Ooh!"
Rarity says: "The damask pattern on these curtains is exquisite!"
Rarity says: "Oh, and this velvet rope-holder – oh, it's just—"
Rainbow Dash says: "We don't have time to look at the décor!"
Rainbow Dash says: "They're gonna kick me out of the Wonderbolts unless we solve this thing!"
Rarity says: "I know, Rainbow, and I'm on this case like a charm on a bracelet!"
Rarity says: "Here's what I'm thinking: somepony had to bring Spitfire that letter, which means somepony must have seen them!"
Rarity says: "I just have a few questions for you, and I'm sure once we get some things cleared up, we'll—"
Rainbow Dash says: "Come on, Rarity, we don't have all day!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Where were you on the night of last night at midnight?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Castle Guard 1 says: "We were here, guarding the hallway entrance like we were supposed to."
Rainbow Dash says: "A likely story."
Castle Guard 1 says: "I'm telling you, we were there all night, and no one went in or out of that hallway."
Spearhead says: "Except for you."
Rainbow Dash says: "What are you tryin' to say?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Spearhead says: "Just that there are only two rooms in the northwest wing: yours and Spitfire's."
Spearhead says: "So the only other pony who had access to that wing was you."
Rarity says: "Perhaps I should take it from here!"
Rarity says: "You castle guards have such a difficult job."
Rarity says: "I'm guessing that at times it can be rather..."
Rarity says: "boring."
Castle Guard 1 says: "It is."
Castle Guard 1 says: "I've counted all three hundred and forty five bolts in the ceiling tiles two hundred and ninety three times!"
Rarity says: "And of course being a castle guard can be thankless work."
Rarity says: "I'm not saying you did, but if you took a break, you more than deserved it."
Castle Guard 1 says: "Oh, you're right."
Castle Guard 1 says: "We don't get a lot of recognition for what we do."
Spearhead says: "Except for last night when somepony was nice enough to leave a cake for us."
Spearhead says: "So we did take one little break when we ate that cake."
Rarity says: "What kind of cake was it?"
Spearhead says: "Cherry with a custard filling."
Rarity says: "Was the frosting vanilla or chocolate?"
Castle Guard 1 says: "Chocolate."
Rarity says: "Was the base of the cake decorated with buttercream rosettes?"
Castle Guard 1 says: "It was."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh, who cares how it was decorated?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rarity says: "Rainbow Dash was questioning my methods."
Rarity says: "But I knew what I was doing."
Rainbow Dash says: "Do you?"
Rarity says: "Oh, oh, oh."
Rarity says: "Did I say that one out loud?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I mean, even I think I'm guilty at this point!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I really did want to fly in that show!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What if I wrote that note when I was asleep?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Do you know what I do when I sleep?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Because I sure don't!"
Rarity says: "Oh, calm down, Rainbow Dash."
Rarity says: "We'll get to the bottom of this."
Rarity says: "There's only one bakery in Canterlot that makes a chocolate cherry cake with custard filling and buttercream frosting rosettes and that's..."
Rarity says: "..."
Rarity says: "Cinnamon Chai's Tea and Cake Shop!"
Cinnamon Chai says: "Hello, how can I help you?"
Rarity says: "I've heard you have the best chocolate cherry custard cake with buttercream frosting rosettes in town!"
Cinnamon Chai says: "Ah, you travel in the right circles!"
Cinnamon Chai says: "We have the only chocolate cherry custard cake with buttercream frosting rosettes in town!"
Rarity says: "Oh, no."
Rarity says: "But somepony's already bought it!"
Rarity says: "Who was the lucky pony?"
Cinnamon Chai says: "I can't even say!"
Rarity says: "Why?"
Rarity says: "Because it was somepony famous?"
Cinnamon Chai says: "No..."
Cinnamon Chai says: "because it was hard to tell!"
Cinnamon Chai says: "She was wearing a trench coat, sunglasses, and a scarf around her head that covered most of her face."
Cinnamon Chai says: "But I do remember she had a really deep, raspy voice."
Rainbow Dash says: "What do you mean, raspy?"
Cinnamon Chai says: "Well, kinda like yours."
Rarity says: "If there's anything else you can remember, dish."
Cinnamon Chai says: "Well, have I got a story for you!"
Cinnamon Chai says: "The pony who bought the cake threw a big fit when she accidentally got chocolate ganache on her scarf!"
Rarity says: "That's terrible!"
Rarity says: "What color was the scarf?"
Cinnamon Chai says: "White!"
Cinnamon Chai says: "No, maybe more an ivory..."
Rarity says: "You don't say!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I can't believe you're talking fashion at a time like this!"
Rarity says: "Rainbow, don't panic."
Rarity says: "I need you to trust me."
Rainbow Dash says: "Trust you?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You've spent more time changing clothes than trying to help me!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm doomed!"
Rarity says: "No, you're not!"
Rarity says: "Come on!"
Rarity says: "Rainbow Dash was obviously upset, but I had all my ducks in a row."
Rarity says: "Except one."
Rarity says: "She was not going to like it, but there was only one way to find out if my suspicions were correct."
Blaze says: "We looked everywhere, but Spitfire wasn't at her mom's house!"
Stormy Flare says: "Where could she be?"
Rarity says: "I have found the culprit!"
Rarity says: "Somepony sent Spitfire away and framed Rainbow Dash for it."
Rarity says: "And that pony was none other than..."
Rarity says: "Wind Rider!"
Wonderbolts expressing surprise.
Rainbow Dash says: "Rarity, I can't believe you would accuse Wind Rider of framing me!"
Rainbow Dash says: "He's a living legend, for pony's sake!"
Rarity says: "All the evidence points to him!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Peh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What evidence could you possibly have?"
Rainbow Dash says: "All you did was ask about cake, admire décor, and change outfits a gazillion times!"
Rarity says: "Let me explain."
Rarity says: "I never believed you would send Spitfire away."
Rarity says: "When we found the rainbow hairs in Spitfire's room, I could tell they didn't fall out."
Rarity says: "They..."
Rarity says: "were cut!"
Rarity says: "Nopony loses hair in a chunk."
Rarity says: "And look at the ends."
Rarity says: "It's a straight line!"
Rarity says: "They were clearly cut with shears, which means somepony planted it!"
Rarity says: "Then when we were examining Spitfire's room, I smelled something on the envelope."
Rarity says: "Juniper Phoenix, Wind Rider's cologne of choice!"
Rarity says: "Then, in the castle hallway, I noticed some of the damask curtains fell out of their velvet rope-holder, indicating that somepony had been hiding behind them!"
Rarity says: "Perhaps after they dropped off the fake letter?"
Wind Rider says: "Juniper Phoenix is a very popular fragrance, and anypony could have moved those curtains."
Rarity says: "Precisely why I questioned the castle guards!"
Rarity says: "They were at their post at the entrance to the hallway all night, except for a small window of time when somepony brought them cake."
Rarity says: "A cake that was ordered by a girl pony with a raspy voice!"
Rarity says: "Whoever ordered the cake got a chocolate stain on her ivory scarf, and I couldn't help but notice that Wind Rider's scarf is tied in a tight Windsor knot instead of its usual loose slipknot!"
Rarity says: "And why is that?"
Rarity says: "Is it to hide the chocolate stain?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Wonderbolts gasping.
Wind Rider says: "Ah, this is preposterous."
Wind Rider says: "Wonderbolts, you don't believe a word of this, right?"
Rarity says: "Just admit it – you're as guilty of framing Rainbow Dash as you are of ruining that ivory scarf!"
Wind Rider says: "Ah, fine!"
Wind Rider says: "You caught me!"
Wind Rider says: "I did it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "But why, Wind Rider?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Was it because I took the last broccoli at the dinner and you really, really wanted it?"
Rarity says: "No."
Rarity says: "It was because he was afraid that you would break his long-distance Wonderbolt record!"
Rarity says: "I heard him when Spitfire said you were close to breaking his record."
Rarity says: "He said, and I quote, 'Heh-heh'."
Rarity says: "That's the polite but disingenuous laugh you make when you want to seem happy but really you're not."
Wind Rider says: "I thought if I could get Rainbow Dash kicked out of the Wonderbolts forever, my record could be preserved."
Rainbow Dash says: "Really?"
Rainbow Dash says: "That is so not cool."
Rainbow Dash says: "And I thought you were the coolest Wonderbolt ever."
Rainbow Dash says: "Until now."
Wind Rider says: "I did what I had to do to protect my record!"
Wind Rider says: "Sometimes you gotta play dirty to be the best!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That's not what being a Wonderbolt is all about."
Soarin says: "She's right!"
Soarin says: "Wonderbolts look out for each other!"
Soarin says: "Which reminds me, where is Spitfire?"
Wind Rider says: "I sent her the letter pretending to be Stormy Flare."
Wind Rider says: "I told her I had Pegasitis, and the only cure is the ice iris in the Crystal Mountains."
Rainbow Dash says: "No wonder she's been gone so long."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ice irises are almost impossible to find in spring!"
Soarin says: "The Crystal Mountains are too far for anypony to make it there and back before the royal garden opening!"
Soarin says: "Rainbow Dash, we need you to fly in Spitfire's place!"
Rainbow Dash says: "But Spitfire shouldn't have to miss this!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm gonna get her!"
Soarin says: "But you'll never make it in time!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Then there's no time to lose!"
Blaze says: "Rainbow Dash is still gone!"
Rarity says: "Oh, don't panic."
Rarity says: "If I know Rainbow Dash, she'll come through."
Soarin says: "Spitfire, you're back!"
Soarin says: "I can't believe you made it!"
Spitfire says: "I wouldn't have, if Rainbow hadn't found me so fast!"
Spitfire says: "Gave me enough time to fly back!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Rare, I couldn't have done it without you."
Rainbow Dash says: "And I'm sorry I doubted you."
Rainbow Dash says: "But why didn't you tell me what you were doing?"
Rarity says: "Well, I didn't want to get your hopes up until I was sure, and I couldn't be sure until I saw that chocolate stain."
Rainbow Dash says: "Thank you for believing in me, even when I was doubting you."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm some friend, huh?"
Rarity says: "Actually, you're quite a good friend."
Rarity says: "You went to get Spitfire, even though it meant you couldn't fly today."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'll get my chance one day."
Spitfire says: "Or today."
Spitfire says: "How'd you like Wind Rider's spot in the show?"
Wind Rider says: "Uh, w-w-what?"
Wind Rider says: "Y-You can't do this to me!"
Wind Rider says: "I'm one of the greatest Wonderbolts there ever was!"
Spitfire says: "Not anymore."
Spitfire says: "For attempting to frame Rainbow Dash, I hereby strip you of your Wonderbolts status!"
Soarin says: "So, would you like to fly with us?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Would I?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Woo-hoo!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah, uh-huh, uh-huh, yeah, aww yeah..."
Soarin says: "Uh, Rainbow Dash?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Coming!"
Rarity says: "So my friend got her moment in the sun."
Rarity says: "Or the center of an aerial flower, as the case may be."
Rarity says: "And as for me?"
Rarity says: "I got a chance to show off my Femme Mystique Chic collection!"
Stormy Flare says: "That's nice, dear."
Rarity says: "Oh, did I say that out loud?"