Rainbow Dash says: "Alright, ponies, listen up!"
Fluttershy says: "We're all ears."
Fluttershy says: "Right, Bulk Biceps?"
Bulk Biceps says: "Nuh-uh!"
Bulk Biceps says: "I'm all muscles!"
Bulk Biceps says: "Yeah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I like your attitude, Bulk Biceps, but it's gonna take more than muscles and Yeah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "s to get us to the Equestria Games!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We are the Aerial Relay team, and it's up to the three of us to make sure that we qualify at the tryouts."
Rainbow Dash says: "And do I need to remind you how much I—"
Rainbow Dash says: "I mean, Ponyville, heh, wants to qualify and make it to the Games?"
Fluttershy says: "I remember."
Fluttershy says: "I really, really, really want to qualify for you and Ponyville."
Bulk Biceps says: "Bring it on!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Gimme a 'P' for 'Ponyville'!"
Pinkie Pie says: "P, Ponyville!"
Bulk Biceps says: "P!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, thanks, Pinkie Pie."
Fluttershy says: "That was a scary—"
Fluttershy says: "I mean, great cheer."
Rainbow Dash says: "Just make sure you have one ready for when we qualify for the Aerial Relay."
Bulk Biceps says: "And after that, for when we win gold medals in the Equestria Games!"
Applejack says: "Not so fast!"
Applejack says: "If you're gonna be good, you're gonna be better with some of my apple brown bettys in ya."
Applejack says: "They're perfect."
Pinkie Pie says: "'P' is for 'perfect'!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Alright, team!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Show me what you got!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Put some bend into those knees!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Flap those wings!"
Rainbow Dash says: "And I want to see all four hooves off the ground on the count of three!"
Rainbow Dash says: "One two three!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Don't forget to breathe while you're up there!"
Pinkie Pie says: "'P' is for, uhh..."
Pinkie Pie says: "'pain'?"
Helia says: "Good luck, Rainbow Dash!"
Helia says: "Sorry we couldn't fly with you on the Aerial Relay, but the air sprinters needed us too."
Thunderlane says: "Too bad we can only compete in one event."
Thunderlane says: "But rules are rules."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Good luck!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It was nice of you to be part of the team that doesn't have..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "uh..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "the strongest flyers."
Rainbow Dash says: "Nothing nice about it."
Rainbow Dash says: "I know that I can pick up the slack for anypony."
Rainbow Dash says: "With me on the team, we'll qualify."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm sure of it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ponyville is very lucky to have you."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, I'm pretty awesome."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, it's such an honor to even try out for the Games."
Fluttershy says: "I just hope I don't let anypony down."
Bulk Biceps says: "We'll make them proud!"
Pinkie Pie says: "'P' is for 'proud'!"
Pinkie Pie says: "We're gonna be the best fans anypony has ever seen!"
Rarity says: "Ooh."
Rarity says: "Can't wait to see what everypony else is wearing, even though I am absolutely sure they won't be better than the Ponyville uniforms I'm designing for the Equestria Games."
Applejack says: "And we will make it to the Games once everypony carbo-loads on my apple brown bettys."
Pinkie Pie says: "I can't wait!"
Mane Moon says: "There's Rainbow Dash!"
Mane Moon says: "She's an awesome flyer!"
Orange Swirl says: "I heard that she's flying the last third of the relay, which means everypony else is gonna have to be way ahead to beat her!"
Mane Moon says: "Oh, the Wonderbolts!"
Sprinkle Medley says: "I hear they're flying for Cloudsdale."
Orange Swirl says: "Then Cloudsdale will definitely qualify."
Orange Swirl says: "They're the best flyers ever."
Spitfire says: "And the game is on!"
Soarin says: "Hah, nice to see there's some real competition here!"
Fleetfoot says: "Two more days of practice, then we'll see you in the air, Rainbow Dash!"
Fleetfoot says: "If you're lucky."
Rainbow Dash says: "The Wonderbolts know a winner when they see one, and we'll be winners just as soon as we practice!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Right team?"
Fluttershy says: "Right."
Bulk Biceps says: "Yeah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hooray!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And, um, I'm with her!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hooray!"
Cloudsdale cheerleaders says: "Give us some clouds!"
Cloudsdale cheerleaders says: "Give us some dale!"
Cloudsdale cheerleaders says: "And what do you get?"
Cloudsdale cheerleaders says: "Cloudsdale!"
Cloudsdale cheerleaders says: "Woo-hoo!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Where can I get pompoms like those?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "So, do I need to remind you of what our goal is here?"
Bulk Biceps says: "Uh, maybe?"
Rainbow Dash says: "We want to qualify!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We need to be one of the first four teams to cross the finish line!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Bulk Biceps, you're the first flyer, so let me see you flap it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What the?"
Applejack says: "Sorry!"
Applejack says: "Got the idea from them, but..."
Rainbowshine says: "Hooves down!"
Sprinkle Medley says: "Hooves down!"
Rainbowshine says: "Cakes up!"
Sprinkle Medley says: "Cakes up!"
Applejack says: "..."
Applejack says: "It looks like they got better aim."
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay, the passing of the baton needs to be seamless."
Rainbow Dash says: "You shouldn't miss a wing beat or drop a hair in altitude!"
Rainbow Dash says: "And whatever you do, don't let go of it!"
Fluttershy says: "Are you really, really, really sure you're ready?"
Fluttershy says: "I mean, I don't want to take it if you're not super sure."
Bulk Biceps says: "Ready!"
Rarity says: "Ponyville could do so much better."
Rarity says: "I'll be back with a freshly painted one in no time!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We were using that!"
Rainbow Dash says: "And it's not like anypony else has color-coordinated horseshoes or anything!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I guess some ponies do."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Some ponies do what?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Have a better chance of qualifying and going to the Equestria Games than others."
Rainbow Dash says: "Watch and learn."
Rainbow Dash says: "The Cloudsdales are Wonderbolts, and Wonderbolts are the best flyers there are."
Rainbow Dash says: "And my personal heroes."
Rainbow Dash says: "So, maybe you can learn something."
Rainbow Dash says: "Please learn something?"
Fleetfoot says: "C'mon, Soarin, pick up the pace!"
Fleetfoot says: "You can do better than that!"
Spitfire says: "I sure hope so."
Cloudsdale cheerleaders says: "Practice, practice, yay, practice!"
Soarin says: "Whoa!"
Soarin says: "Whooaaaa!"
Soarin says: "Aaaaah!"
Soarin says: "Help!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Gotcha!"
Fleetfoot says: "Awe-some!"
Spitfire says: "As good as any Wonderbolt!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, Rainbow Dash, I'm just so proud of you."
Fluttershy says: "You scooped Soarin out of the sky and brought him down to the ground and now, now he's okay."
Fluttershy says: "At least, I hope he's okay."
Fluttershy says: "Are you okay?"
Soarin says: "Uh, my wing hurts, but I-I'm sure it'll be okay by the competition."
Soarin says: "You're the best, Rainbow Dash."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ah, it was nothin'."
Rainbow Dash says: "But, if you feel like talking about how great I am, don't let me stop you!"
Bulk Biceps says: "'P' is for Rainbow Dash!"
Fluttershy says: "Um, 'Rainbow Dash' actually starts with an 'R'."
Bulk Biceps says: "Never mind!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Tough break to lose a teammate right before the tryouts."
Fleetfoot says: "You know, you grew up in Cloudsdale."
Spitfire says: "So that means you could fly with us."
Rainbow Dash says: "Fly?"
Fleetfoot says: "Uh, we mean practice."
Fleetfoot says: "You could practice with us until Soarin's better."
Spitfire says: "What do you say?"
Spitfire says: "Wanna be our third?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, I don't know."
Rainbow Dash says: "My team really needs me to be at my best in order to qualify."
Rainbow Dash says: "Don't wanna be too worn out by the time the race comes around."
Spitfire says: "We put you through some pretty intense workouts at the Wonderbolt Academy and you handled those just fine."
Rainbow Dash says: "Heh, I did kick some major tail at the Academy..."
Rainbow Dash says: "but I don't know how my teammates will feel about me practicing with the competition."
Fleetfoot says: "Who says they need to know?"
Fleetfoot says: "Think about it, Rainbow Dash!"
Fleetfoot says: "This is your chance to fly with the winners!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Alright, I'll do it."
Spitfire says: "Wise decision, Rainbow Dash."
Fleetfoot says: "Awesome!"
Cloudsdale cheerleaders says: "Whinny, ponies, whinny!"
Cloudsdale cheerleaders says: "Fly on, fly on, fly on!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Come on, Bulk Biceps, you can do it!"
Fluttershy says: "Um..."
Fluttershy says: "I'm ready to take the horseshoe, if you want me to."
Rainbow Dash says: "Nnnngh..."
Fluttershy says: "Oof!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You, uh, keep doing your wing-ups."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm just gonna get some, uh, water."
Bulk Biceps says: "Yeah!"
Rarity says: "Too much?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's not easy practicing with two teams, is it?"
Rainbow Dash says: "You..."
Rainbow Dash says: "know?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Does anypony else?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No."
Twilight Sparkle says: "They're too busy practicing to wonder why you keep disappearing."
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, I've seen the other teams practicing and we're still gonna qualify."
Rainbow Dash says: "I can fly fast enough to make up the distance."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It just seems like one of the teams you're practicing with needs a little more help than the other one."
Rainbow Dash says: "But it's so much more fun working out with the winners than..."
Rainbow Dash says: "um..."
Rainbow Dash says: "the non-winners."
Rainbow Dash says: "Besides, Ponyville will still qualify."
Spitfire says: "Rainbow Dash, you got a minute?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, sure."
Fleetfoot says: "You could really be an asset to our team, so..."
Fleetfoot says: "we want you to join the Cloudsdale team."
Fleetfoot says: "Permanently."
Spitfire says: "It looks like Soarin's wing won't heal in time for the trials."
Spitfire says: "We want you to fly with us."
Fleetfoot says: "Of course, this means you won't be able to fly for Ponyville, but let's face it."
Fleetfoot says: "Even with you on their team, their chances of qualifying for the Games—"
Bulk Biceps says: "Ow!"
Fleetfoot says: "—"
Fleetfoot says: "are pretty slim."
Spitfire says: "So, what's it gonna be?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, I..."
Spitfire says: "Take some time to think about it."
Rainbow Dash says: "They want me to fly with them!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's like a dream come true!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "If you fly for Cloudsdale, Pinkie Pie won't have anypony to cheer for."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity's uniforms will never be seen."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And Applejack will have slaved over those apple brown bettys for nothing."
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, but I really wanna fly with the best team!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What would you do?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think this is a decision you have to make on your own."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The race is tomorrow, so you'd better make it soon."
Rainbow Dash says: "Woe is me!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oooh!"
Fluttershy says: "What's happened?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Urgh, I've hurt my hoof..."
Spitfire says: "All of them?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I, uh, tripped on a-a foam hoof and landed on a..."
Rainbow Dash says: "pokey stick coming out of the ground..."
Pinkie Pie says: ", it'll be in big trouble!"
Rainbow Dash says: "There is no way I can fly now."
Fluttershy says: "Do you think you'll be better by tryouts?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I just need a little rest."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, don't worry, Rainbow Dash."
Fluttershy says: "We'll take care of you..."
Fluttershy says: "or, at least, somepony will."
Fluttershy says: "Like, a medic or-or a doctor, or a nurse."
EKG beeping.
Twilight Sparkle says: "So, the medic pony isn't sure what's wrong with you."
Rainbow Dash says: "Everything!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Absolutely everything!"
Applejack says: "This'll cure everythin' that ails ya!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Thank you."
Rainbow Dash says: "I couldn't have done that on my own."
Rarity says: "Nothing says 'get better' like a little medical pizazz!"
Rarity says: "Silk slings and a glitter bandage?"
Rainbow Dash says: "That might help."
Fluttershy says: "And how is our patient doing?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I've been better."
Fluttershy says: "We just wanted to let you know that we're so sorry you're hurt, but you shouldn't worry a bit about not being able to be in the tryouts."
Fluttershy says: "We'll be alright."
Fluttershy says: "We even have a replacement."
Fluttershy says: "We're so, so sorry that you can't compete."
Fluttershy says: "We all know how much you love to fly."
Fluttershy says: "And we promise—"
Bulk Biceps says: "Cross our hearts!"
Fluttershy says: "..."
Fluttershy says: "That if we qualify and make it to the Equestria Games and all win gold medals, you can have ours, because we know how much a gold medal means to you."
Rainbow Dash says: "Thanks..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think Rainbow Dash might need to rest some more."
Applejack says: "Don't forget your bettys!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You know, choosing not to choose isn't really a decision."
Soarin says: "You sure have nice friends."
Soarin says: "Nopony's been by to visit me."
Soarin says: "Eh, too busy practicing, I guess."
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, hopefully your wing will be better soon."
Soarin says: "Oh, it's fine."
Soarin says: "I-I'm just keeping it warm in case my team wants me back."
Rainbow Dash says: "What do you mean, 'wants you back'?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Spitfire and Fleetfoot told me that you were still too injured to fly!"
Soarin says: "And they told me that they were worried I wouldn't be one hundred percent by the tryouts, so they were going with somepony else!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That somepony else was me!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Until, uh, well, until I got hurt, that is."
Soarin says: "So,  I guess we're all out of luck."
Soarin says: "Cloudsdale won't qualify without three fliers, and Ponyville won't qualify without you."
Soarin says: "Too bad..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Even with Rainbow Dash's replacement, I don't think we're gonna qualify."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No offense."
Pinkie Pie says: "Gah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What am I gonna do with all these now?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Applejack says: "Uh, what were you gonna do with them before?"
Rarity says: "Maybe my Equestria Games uniforms will still be in style next year."
Rarity says: "I mean, I am pretty fashion-forward."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Is that Rainbow Dash..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "walking?"
Fleetfoot says: "Does..."
Fleetfoot says: "this mean you're feeling better?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I-I feel great, because..."
Rainbow Dash says: "I was never hurt in the first place."
Rainbow Dash says: "I faked my injury so that I wouldn't have to choose between flying for Ponyville or Cloudsdale."
Rainbow Dash says: "I wanted to fly with you both, and the decision was too hard!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, Rainbow Dash, you don't have to choose us."
Fluttershy says: "I know you love to win, and you should go with the team that surely will."
Rainbow Dash says: "I know now who I should've been loyal to."
Spitfire says: "Good choice."
Spitfire says: "Always stick with the winners."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ponyville."
Rainbow Dash says: "Because it's not just where I live, but it's where my friends are."
Rainbow Dash says: "The ponies who really care about me, whether I can help them win a race or not."
Spitfire says: "Are you sure that's the right decision?"
Rainbow Dash says: "You lied to me about Soarin's wing just so you could get a better flyer!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You may be a winning team, but you're still not the kind of team I wanna be a part of."
Spitfire says: "Huh."
Spitfire says: "Rainbow Dash, you are something."
Spitfire says: "Saw it at the Academy, seeing it again here."
Spitfire says: "We could learn a lot from a competitor like you."
Fleetfoot says: "Think we already have."
Spitfire says: "Ready to fly?"
Soarin says: "Really?"
Spitfire says: "Never should've lied and tried to replace you to begin with."
Soarin says: "Go, Cloudsdale!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Come on, Ponyville relay team!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We've got a race to get ready for!"
Bulk Biceps says: "Yeah!"
Soarin says: "Come on, Ponyville!"
Soarin says: "You can do it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Go, Fluttershy!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Woo-hoo!"
Cloudsdale cheerleaders says: "Qualify, Ponyville!"
Cloudsdale cheerleaders says: "Qualify, Ponyville!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Woo-hoo!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Go, Rainbow Dash!"
Official says: "Ponyville qualifies!"
Bulk Biceps says: "Yeah!"
Main cast sans Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Woo-hoo!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Equestria Games, here we come!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, I can't deny it."
Rainbow Dash says: "I love to win!"
Rainbow Dash says: "But if I ever gotta choose between winning and being loyal to my friends, I'm always gonna choose my friends."
Rainbow Dash says: "'Cause as much as I love winning, I love them waaaaay more."