Sweetie Belle says: "Are you sure about this, Scootaloo?"
Sweetie Belle says: "I've never even heard of a pony zip lining before."
Scootaloo says: "Neither have I, but Spike told me it was awesome!"
Scootaloo says: "Whoa!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Oh!"
Apple Bloom says: "Wah!"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "Ow!"
Apple Bloom says: "See anything?"
Scootaloo says: "Tree sap and pine needles but no cutie mark."
Sweetie Belle says: "Plan B?"
Scootaloo says: "Yeah."
Scootaloo says: "You know where we can find a cannon at this hour?"
Scootaloo says: "It's no use!"
Scootaloo says: "No matter what we try, we always end up without our cutie marks."
Scootaloo says: "And, surprisingly often, covered in tree sap."
Sweetie Belle says: "Maybe we should do something less dangerous, like pillow testing or flower sniffing."
Apple Bloom says: "This town is full of ponies who have their cutie marks."
Apple Bloom says: "Why don't we ask them how they did it?"
Sweetie Belle says: "That's a great safe idea."
Scootaloo says: "Yeah!"
Scootaloo says: "And we can start with the coolest pony in Ponyville."
Apple Bloom says: "Applejack!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Rarity!"
Scootaloo says: "Come on, guys, I said "cool"!"
Scootaloo says: "You know who I'm talking about."
Scootaloo says: "She's fast."
Scootaloo says: "She's tough."
Scootaloo says: "She's not afraid of anything!"
Apple Bloom says: "Pinkie Pie?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Pinkie Pie?"
Scootaloo says: "No!"
Scootaloo says: "The greatest flyer ever to come out of Cloudsdale."
Apple Bloom says: "Fluttershy?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Fluttershy?"
Scootaloo says: "No!"
Scootaloo says: "Rainbow Dash!"
Apple Bloom says: "Oh!"
Apple Bloom says: "Yeah, that makes much more sense."
Sweetie Belle says: "Of course!"
Scootaloo says: "Let's do it."
Scootaloo says: "Let's find out how Rainbow Dash earned her cutie mark!"
Apple Bloom says: "Yeah!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Yeah!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Aah!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Uuh!"
Applejack says: "Get back here, you thievin' varmints!"
Apple Bloom says: "Thievin' what now?"
Applejack says: "Apple Bloom?"
Apple Bloom says: "Hey sis!"
Apple Bloom says: "How'd you get your cutie mark?"
Applejack says: "I never told you that story?"
Scootaloo says: "Hey!"
Scootaloo says: "I thought we were gonna ask Rainbow Dash."
Apple Bloom says: "We need all the help we can get."
Scootaloo says: "Ugh."
Scootaloo says: "Fine."
Applejack says: "Why, shoot."
Applejack says: "I was just a little filly."
Applejack says: "Even littler than y'all."
Applejack says: "I didn't want to spend my life on a muddy old apple farm."
Applejack says: "I wanted to live the sophisticated life, like my Aunt n' Uncle Orange."
Applejack says: "So I set out to try my luck in the big city, Manehattan!"
Applejack says: "The most cosmopolitan city in all of Equestria."
Count Caesar says: "Hey!"
Count Caesar says: "Outta the way, you rube!"
Applejack says: "I knew I'd find out who I was meant to be in Manehattan."
Young Applejack says: "Aunt Orange!"
Young Applejack says: "Uncle Orange!"
Young Applejack says: "Thank y'all so much for lettin' me stay!"
Aunt Orange says: ""Y'all"."
Aunt Orange says: "Isn't she just the living end?"
Uncle Orange says: "How quaint."
Aunt Orange says: "Don't worry."
Aunt Orange says: "We'll have you acting like a true Manehattanite in no time."
Tall Order says: "And how are you finding good old Manehattan?"
Young Applejack says: "Oh, it's simply divine."
Aunt Orange says: "Very well said, my dear."
Young Applejack says: "Although, I must admit the city noise took some getting used to."
Young Applejack says: "Where I'm from, nights are so quiet, you seldom hear a peep until the roosters wake you."
Dane Tee Dove says: "The..."
Dane Tee Dove says: "what?"
Tall Order says: "I say, my dear, what in the world is a "rooster"?"
Young Applejack says: "What's he talking about?"
Young Applejack says: "What do I say?"
Young Applejack says: "I don't wanna look like a fool."
Pony says: "Dinner is served."
Young Applejack says: "Thank goodness."
Young Applejack says: "Being a city pony's hard work."
Young Applejack says: "I'm so hungry I could eat a..."
Young Applejack says: "Cock-a-doodle-doo..."
Young Applejack says: "Oh, I wonder what Granny Smith and Big McIntosh are up to."
Young Applejack says: "I bet they're applebuckin' their way through the Red Delicious trees."
Young Applejack says: "Oh, what I wouldn't give for just one bite..."
Applejack says: "I never felt so homesick in all my days as I did right then."
Applejack says: "It was amazin'!"
Applejack says: "A rainbow pointin' right back to..."
Applejack says: "home."
Applejack says: "In that moment, it all became clear."
Applejack says: "I knew right then just who I was supposed to be."
Applejack says: "That's when this here appeared."
Applejack says: "I've been happily workin' in the farm ever since."
Applejack says: "There they are!"
Applejack says: "Get back here, ya thievin' varmints!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Aw."
Sweetie Belle says: "That was such a sweet story!"
Scootaloo says: "Sweet?"
Scootaloo says: "Try sappy."
Scootaloo says: "Come on!"
Scootaloo says: "We've got to find Rainbow Dash and hear the cool way to get a cutie mark."
Fluttershy says: "All right, little ones."
Fluttershy says: "This way."
Fluttershy says: "This way."
Fluttershy says: "You really should be more careful."
Fluttershy says: "Somepony could get hurt."
Fluttershy says: "Why are you in such a hurry anyway?"
Scootaloo says: "We're trying to find Rainbow Dash, so we can hear how she earned her cutie mark."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, that would be interesting."
Fluttershy says: "You know, I wouldn't have gotten my cutie mark if it weren't for her."
Scootaloo says: "Rainbow Dash?!"
Scootaloo says: "!"
Scootaloo says: "Really?!"
Scootaloo says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh yes."
Fluttershy says: "It all started at Summer Flight Camp."
Fluttershy says: "You'd never guess, but when I was little I was very shy."
Fluttershy says: "And a very weak flyer."
Young "Dumb-Bell" says: "Nice going, "Klutzershy"!"
Young "Dumb-Bell" says: "They oughtta ground you permanently."
Young Hoops says: "Ha!"
Young Hoops says: "My baby brother can fly better than you!"
Fluttershy says: "It was the most humiliating moment of my life."
Fluttershy says: "And then, out of nowhere..."
Young Rainbow Dash says: "Leave her alone!"
Young Hoops says: "Ooh, what are you gonna do, "Rainbow Crash"?"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "Keep making fun of her and find out!"
Young "Dumb-Bell" says: "You think you're such a big shot?"
Young "Dumb-Bell" says: "Why don't you prove it?"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "Whaddya have in mind?"
Young Hoops says: "You're going down!"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "In history, maybe."
Young Rainbow Dash says: "See you boys at the finish line!"
Young Fluttershy says: "Huh?"
Fluttershy says: "I had never seen such beautiful creatures."
Fluttershy says: "Butterflies don't fly as high as my cloud home."
Fluttershy says: "And I'd never been near the ground before."
Young Fluttershy.
What is this place.
Filled with so many wonders?
Casting its spell.
That I am now under.
Squirrels in the trees.
And the cute little bunnies.
Birds flying free.
And bees with their honey.
Hooooonneeeeeeey!
Oooh, what a magical place.
And I owe it all to the Pegasus race.
If I knew the ground had so much up its sleeve.
I'd have come here sooner, and never leave.
Yes, I love ev-er-ythiiiiing!
Young Fluttershy says: "Shhh."
Young Fluttershy says: "It's okay."
Young Fluttershy says: "You can come out."
Young Fluttershy says: "Everything's okay."
Young Fluttershy says: "There's nothing to be afraid of."
Fluttershy says: "Somehow I had the ability to communicate with the animals on a different level."
Scootaloo says: "Wait, wait, wait."
Scootaloo says: "What happened to Rainbow Dash?"
Scootaloo says: "What about the race?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh."
Fluttershy says: "Well, I wasn't there, so I don't really know what happened."
Scootaloo says: "Come on, Crusaders."
Scootaloo says: "We've gotta find her."
Scootaloo says: "Besides, I can't take anymore singing."
Sweetie Belle says: "Maybe my sister knows where she is."
Sweetie Belle says: "Bye, Fluttershy!"
Fluttershy says: "Bye, girls!"
Scootaloo says: "How did we get roped into this?"
Scootaloo says: "Oh, we'll never hear Rainbow Dash's story."
Rarity says: "Are you girls still obsessing over your cutie marks?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Of course!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Most of the fillies at school already have theirs."
Rarity says: "Mmm, I know how you feel."
Rarity says: "For the longest time I couldn't figure out why I didn't have mine."
Rarity's teacher says: "Well done, Rarity."
Rarity's teacher says: "Your costumes are very nice."
Young Rarity says: "Nice?!"
Young Rarity says: "!"
Young Rarity says: "They need to be spectacular!"
Young Rarity says: "And the performance is tomorrow!"
Rarity says: "I tried every trick I could think of, but nothing seemed to work."
Rarity says: "The costumes just weren't right, and the play opened that night."
Young Rarity says: "Maybe I'm not meant to be a fashionista after all..."
Young Rarity says: "Aah!"
Young Rarity says: "What's going on?!"
Young Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "I had no idea where my horn was taking me."
Rarity says: "But unicorn magic doesn't happen without a reason."
Rarity says: "I knew this had to do with my love of fashion and maybe even my cutie mark!"
Rarity says: "I knew that this was..."
Rarity says: "My destiny!"
Young Rarity says: "A rock?!"
Young Rarity says: "!"
Young Rarity says: "That's my destiny?!"
Young Rarity says: "!"
Young Rarity says: "What is your problem, horn?"
Young Rarity says: "I followed you all the way out here for a rock?!"
Young Rarity says: "!"
Young Rarity says: "Dumb rock!"
Young Rarity says: "Ooh!"
Scootaloo says: "Ugh!"
Scootaloo says: "These namby-pamby stories aren't getting us any closer to our cutie marks!"
Scootaloo says: "They're all about finding who you really are and boring stuff like that."
Rarity says: "Yes, Scootaloo, that's exactly..."
Scootaloo says: "Come on, girls!"
Scootaloo says: "We need action!"
Scootaloo says: "We need Rainbow Dash!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "As a young filly in Canterlot, I always wanted to go to the Summer Sun Celebration, where Princess Celestia raises the sun."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And I saw the most amazing, most wonderful thing I've ever seen."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I poured myself into learning everything I could about magic."
Twilight Sparkle says: "My parents decided to enroll me in Princess Celestia's School for Gifted Unicorns."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It was a dream come true!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Except for one thing..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I had to pass an entrance exam!"
Crystal Clear says: "Well, Miss Sparkle?"
Crystal Clear says: "Well, Miss Sparkle?"
Crystal Clear says: "We don't have all day."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I knew it was the most important day of my life, that my entire future would be affected by the outcome of this day and I was about to blow it!"
Young Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sorry I wasted your time."
Young Twilight Sparkle says: "Aah!"
Princess Celestia says: "Twilight Sparkle."
Young Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, I'm so sorry."
Young Twilight Sparkle says: "I didn't mean..."
Princess Celestia says: "You have a very special gift."
Princess Celestia says: "I don't think I've ever come across a unicorn with your raw abilities."
Young Twilight Sparkle says: "Huh?"
Princess Celestia says: "But you need to learn to tame these abilities through focused study."
Young Twilight Sparkle says: "Huh?!"
Young Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Princess Celestia says: "Twilight Sparkle, I'd like to make you my own personal protégé here at the school."
Young Twilight Sparkle says: "Huh?!"
Young Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Princess Celestia says: "Well?"
Young Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes!"
Princess Celestia says: "One other thing, Twilight."
Young Twilight Sparkle says: "More?"
Young Twilight Sparkle says: "My cutie mark!"
Young Twilight Sparkle says: "Yesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyes..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "yesyesyesyes..."
Apple Bloom says: "Okay, okay."
Sweetie Belle says: "We're happy for you, Twilight."
Scootaloo says: "Yeah, thrilled."
Scootaloo says: "Let's get out of here while we still can."
Twilight Sparkle says: "..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "yesyes, yeeees!"
Cherry Fizzy says: "Are you okay?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Um..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "yes."
Scootaloo says: "Ugh!"
Scootaloo says: "Why don't we ever smash into Rainbow Dash?!"
Scootaloo says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You're looking for Rainbow Dash?"
Pinkie Pie says: "If I was her, I'd be at Sugarcube Corner."
Pinkie Pie says: "Of course, if I was anyone, I'd be at Sugarcube Corner."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hey!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I have an idea!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Wanna go to Sugarcube Corner?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Well, we're sort of looking for Rainbow Dash, so we can hear how she got her cutie mark."
Pinkie Pie says: "Cutie mark?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Come with me and I'll tell you how I got mine!"
Scootaloo says: "Why not?"
Pinkie Pie says: "All right!"
Pinkie Pie says: "There were only rocks."
Pinkie Pie says: "We were in the south field, preparing to rotate the rocks to the east field, when all of a sudden..."
Pinkie Pie says: "I'd never felt joy like that before!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It felt so good I just wanted to keep smiling forever!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And I wanted everyone I knew to smile too, but rainbows don't come along that often."
Pinkie Pie says: "I wondered, how else could I create some smiles?"
Igneous Rock Pie says: "We better harvest the rocks from the south field."
Cloudy Quartz says: "Pinkamena Diane Pie!"
Cloudy Quartz says: "Is that you?"
Young Pinkie Pie says: "Mom!"
Young Pinkie Pie says: "I need you and dad and the sisters to come in."
Young Pinkie Pie says: "Quick!"
Young Pinkie Pie says: "Surprise!"
Young Pinkie Pie says: "You like it?"
Young Pinkie Pie says: "It's called..."
Young Pinkie Pie says: "a party!"
Young Pinkie Pie says: "Oh."
Young Pinkie Pie says: "You don't like it."
Young Pinkie Pie says: "You like it!"
Young Pinkie Pie says: "I'm so happy!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And that's how Equestria was made!"
Scootaloo says: "Wha..."
Scootaloo says: "huh?"
Apple Bloom says: "Look!"
Apple Bloom says: "We're here!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Maybe on the way home I can tell you the story of how I got my cutie mark."
Pinkie Pie says: "It's a gem!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Oh, come on."
Sweetie Belle says: "She's just being Pinkie Pie."
Scootaloo says: "Ugh..."
Scootaloo says: "Rainbow Dash!"
Scootaloo says: "You're here!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I hear you're looking for my cutie mark story."
Scootaloo says: "You have no idea what I've been through today to hear that story."
Rainbow Dash says: "It all happened during the race at Flight Camp..."
Rainbow Dash says: "..."
Rainbow Dash says: "where I stood alone against all odds to defend Fluttershy's honor."
Rainbow Dash says: "I've never flown like that before!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That freedom was unlike anything I've ever felt!"
Rainbow Dash says: "The speed, the adrenaline, the wind in my mane..."
Rainbow Dash says: "I liked it..."
Rainbow Dash says: "a lot!"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "Ow!"
Young Hoops says: "Ha!"
Young Hoops says: "Later, Rainbow Crash!"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "Hey!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Turns out the only thing I liked more than flying fast..."
Rainbow Dash says: "was winning!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Most people thought that the sonic rainboom was just an old mare's tale."
Rainbow Dash says: "But that day..."
Rainbow Dash says: "The day I discovered racing..."
Rainbow Dash says: "I proved that the legends were true."
Rainbow Dash says: "I made the impossible happen!"
Pegasi cheering.
Rainbow Dash says: "And that, little ones, is how you earn a cutie mark."
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "Whooooaaaa..."
Fluttershy says: "Wait a second."
Fluttershy says: "I heard that explosion."
Fluttershy says: "And I saw the rainbow too."
Fluttershy says: "Rainbow Dash, if you hadn't scared the animals, I never would have learned I could communicate with them and gotten my cutie mark."
Pinkie Pie says: "I heard that boom!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And right afterwards, there was this amazing rainbow that taught me to smile."
Applejack says: "When I got my cutie mark, I saw a rainbow that pointed me home."
Applejack says: "I bet it was your sonic rainboom!"
Rarity says: "There was an explosion I could never explain when I got my cutie mark."
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is uncanny!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "If that explosion didn't happen when it did, I would have blown my entrance exam."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow Dash, I think you helped me earn my cutie mark too!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa!"
Pinkie Pie says: "We all owe our cutie marks to you!"
Fluttershy says: "Do you realize what this means?"
Fluttershy says: "All of us had a special connection before we even met."
Rarity says: "We've been BFFs forever and we didn't even know it!"
Applejack says: "Come here, y'all."
Mane Six says: "AWWW!!!"
Fluttershy says: "I'm so glad we're friends!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I love you, guys!"
Apple Bloom says: "Awwww..."
Sweetie Belle says: "Awwww..."
Scootaloo says: "Ewwww..."
Scootaloo says: "Gimme a break."
Scootaloo says: "Come on, Crusaders!"
Scootaloo says: "Maybe we just need to try zip lining again."
Fluttershy says: "Hey."
Fluttershy says: "How about a song?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Definitely!"
Scootaloo says: "Nooooo!"
Today I learned something amazing. Everypony everywhere has a special magical connection with her friends, maybe even before she's met them. If you're feeling lonely and you're still searching for your true friends, just look up in the sky. Who knows? Maybe you and your future best friends are all looking at the same rainbow.
Spike says: "Gross!"
Spike says: "When did you get so cheesy?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just write it, Spike."