Mail Pony says: "Morning, Sunburst."
Sunburst says: "What?"
Sunburst says: "Oh!"
Sunburst says: "Hi!"
Sunburst says: "You know, no matter how many times I read it, Houyhnhnm's Guide to Magical Arcana never gets boring."
Mail Pony says: "If you say so."
Mail Pony says: "I've got another letter for you."
Mail Pony says: "From Sire's Hollow."
Sunburst says: "Mm-hmm."
Sunburst says: "Sure thing."
Sunburst says: "What's this?"
Sunburst says: "Could I be experiencing the cerebration transmogrification effect described in chapter seventeen—"
Sunburst says: "?"
Sunburst says: "Oh."
Sunburst says: "My cutie mark is glowing."
Sunburst says: "My cutie mark is glowing!"
Sunburst says: "I know what this means!"
Sunburst says: "Why am I yelling?!"
Sunburst says: "!"
Sunburst says: "Princess Twilight, what an honor this is!"
Sunburst says: "I-I mean, it is, right?"
Sunburst says: "I'm called for a friendship mission?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You sure are."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And it must be a special one."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nopony outside of Ponyville has ever been called before."
Spike says: "If you need some pointers, let me know."
Spike says: "I've been on my fair share of missions."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You've been on one, Spike."
Spike says: "And that's my fair share."
Sunburst says: "Starlight!"
Sunburst says: "You mean we've both been called?"
Sunburst says: "This is great!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Yeah..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Great..."
Sunburst says: "Aren't you excited?"
Sunburst says: "You and me on a mission together!"
Sunburst says: "I'm..."
Sunburst says: "sorry."
Sunburst says: "Are you not excited to go on a mission with me?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "No."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Uh, no!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I mean, yes."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Heh."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Totally excited about us going together."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Just..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "not so excited about where."
Sunburst says: "Sire's Hollow?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Yep."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Home."
Sunburst says: "Oh."
Sunburst says: "Great."
Spike says: "You know, I can go if you two don't want to."
Spike says: "I am kind of an expert."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's not that I don't want to go home."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's just that whenever I do, my dad treats me like a filly."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Like nothing's changed since I was a foal."
Sunburst says: "Huh."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I know."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm a horrible daughter."
Sunburst says: "N-No, no!"
Sunburst says: "My mom actually does kind of the same thing."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Really?"
Sunburst says: "I don't even have to go home."
Sunburst says: "She sends me letters constantly asking about my plans for the future."
Sunburst says: "I haven't been home in a while either."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Hmph."
Starlight Glimmer says: "We'll just have to explain to our parents that we're on an important friendship mission so they can't bother us."
Sunburst says: "Do you really think that will work?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Nope!"
Sunburst says: "The great thing about home is it always stays just how you le—"
Sunburst says: "Augh!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Where did that come from?"
Automated voice says: "Welcome to Sire's Hollow!"
"Ever Essence" says: "Essence?"
Sunburst says: "Essence of what?"
"Ever Essence" says: "You tell me."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What is it?"
Sunburst says: "Uh..."
Sunburst says: "chocolate maybe?"
"Ever Essence" says: "Not chocolate maybe."
"Ever Essence" says: "Chocolate definitely!"
"Ever Essence" says: "And all of the benefits with none of the drawbacks."
Sunburst says: "Didn't this used to be a fruit stand?"
"Ever Essence" says: "I don't know what it used to be."
"Ever Essence" says: "The Sire's Hollow Development Committee determined what it is."
Sunburst says: "The Sire's Hollow Development what?"
Sunburst says: "Where do ponies buy fruit?"
"Ever Essence" says: "You can get a fruit smoothie two doors down."
Sunburst says: "All the shops are different."
Sunburst says: "Everything's changed!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Not everything."
Starlight Glimmer says: "That's the same as it ever was."
"Raspberry Latte" says: "Sorry."
"Raspberry Latte" says: "Our bookstore's been declared a site of historical significance by the Sire's Hollow Preservation Society."
"Minty Mocha" says: "You'll have to experience the books from here."
"Minty Mocha" says: "That's why windows are see-through."
Sunburst says: "What?!"
Sunburst says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Preservation Society?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What is happening around here?"
Firelight says: "I'll explain it to you, sugarplum!"
Firelight says: "You are just as cutesy-wutesy as ever!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Quit it!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What is going on?"
Firelight says: "Oh, just a father wanting to preserve our town's rich history for his little pumpky-wumpkin!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Dad, you promised no "pumpky-wumpkin"'s in public!"
Firelight says: "Sorry, chipmunk cheeks."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Don't."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You're preserving the whole town?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "That's crazy!"
Stellar Flare says: "That's exactly what I told him!"
Stellar Flare says: "I said, "Firelight, you're crazy!"
Sunburst says: "Mom?"
Stellar Flare says: "Our village needs the same thing you do, Sunburst – a clear plan for the future."
Stellar Flare says: "That's why I started the Sire's Hollow Development Committee."
Stellar Flare says: "And I've got plans for this little town."
Stellar Flare says: "Big plans!"
Firelight says: "Listen here, Stellar Flare!"
Firelight says: "I'm not gonna let you turn our historical heritage into Las Pegasus!"
Stellar Flare says: "And I'm not gonna let you turn it into a museum!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "W-Wait."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Are you two fighting over this?"
Sunburst says: "Like having a friendship problem?"
Stellar Flare says: "Oh, there's no problem."
Firelight says: "Because there is no friendship!"
Sunburst says: "Well, the good news is we know why we're here."
Sunburst says: "Maybe we should've sent Spike after all."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Sunburst and I were called here to do a job, and it looks like you two are it."
Stellar Flare says: "You mean your success depends on us?"
Sunburst says: "Uh..."
Firelight says: "And you have to hang out with us the whole time you're here?!"
Firelight says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Um..."
Stellar Flare says: "Well, I'll hear what you have to say."
Stellar Flare says: "But every plan I've made for this town is perfectly reasonable."
Firelight says: "Good luck convincing me my preservation efforts don't make sense."
Automated voice says: "Welcome to Sire's Hollow!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "So we can't hold the books?"
"Raspberry Latte" says: "No!"
Sunburst says: "Can you hold the books?"
"Minty Mocha" says: "No."
Starlight Glimmer says: "So nopony can read the books?"
Automated voice says: "Welcome to Sire's Hollow!"
"Ever Essence" says: "You can call them..."
"Ever Essence" says: "mm..."
"Ever Essence" says: ""smells"."
"Ever Essence" says: "But I call them essence!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Fruity."
Sunburst says: "Too bad there's nowhere to get actual fruit."
Stellar Flare says: "In the future, all ponies will drink their fruit!"
"Cracked Wheat" says: "One hundred percent ancient pony grains!"
"Cracked Wheat" says: "Just like the town founders ate!"
"Cracked Wheat" says: "Hope you like crust!"
Automated voice says: "Welcome to Sire's Hollow!"
Automated voice says: "Welcome to Sire's Hollow!"
Automated voice says: "Welcome to Sire's Hollow!"
Automated voice says: "Welcome to Sire's Hollow!"
Automated voice says: "Welcome to Sire's—"
Automated voice says: "!"
Stellar Flare says: "Okay, it's annoying."
Stellar Flare says: "I get it."
Firelight says: "Maybe my preservation efforts were a little over the top."
"Cracked Wheat" says: "Oh, no."
Stellar Flare says: "And I might have been trying to turn the town into a shopping mall."
Firelight says: "Well, whatever direction the town takes from now on, how about we work together on it?"
Stellar Flare says: "Deal!"
Stellar Flare says: "Sunburst, you should move closer to Ponyville."
Stellar Flare says: "After this success, I'm sure the Princess of Friendship will want to send you on more missions."
Sunburst says: "That's not really how it works."
Sunburst says: "Oh, look at the time!"
Sunburst says: "We should get going now that we solved the friendship problem, right, Starlight?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Yeah..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "The thing is, I don't think we did solve it."
Starlight Glimmer says: "When we solve a friendship problem, our cutie marks are supposed to glow."
Firelight says: "Aw, don't be disappointed, puddin'."
Firelight says: "Your papa will work this out for ya."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Heh."
Starlight Glimmer says: "My papa wasn't called by the map in Twilight's castle."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I was."
Stellar Flare says: "How are you gonna explain this to the princess?"
Stellar Flare says: "What's your plan if she fires you from friendship quests?"
Sunburst says: "Mom!"
Sunburst says: "She doesn't—"
Sunburst says: "!"
Sunburst says: "It-It's not—"
Sunburst says: "!"
Stellar Flare says: "Use your words, Sunburst."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I guess you two weren't the problem we were sent to solve after all."
Stellar Flare says: "So now you don't even know why you're here?"
Stellar Flare says: "Ah!"
Stellar Flare says: "We have to figure this out before we run out of time!"
Sunburst says: "Mom, there isn't a time limit."
Firelight says: "So you're here for an extra long visit?"
Firelight says: "You can stay in your old room, punkie wunk!"
Firelight says: "It's just like you left it!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "We need to find this friendship problem now!"
Firelight says: "Now, I know you have your little job to do, but Stellar and I know the town a lot better than you two."
Stellar Flare says: "That's right!"
Stellar Flare says: "Neither of you have been home in ages."
Stellar Flare says: "You're gonna need our help to succeed!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I guess that makes sense..."
Stellar Flare says: "I already have some ideas!"
Firelight says: "Me, too!"
Sunburst says: "I think I liked it better when they were fighting."
Firelight says: "Okay!"
Firelight says: "Now that I've explained how Sire's Hollow was founded, we can start to explore all the possible friendship problems that might have developed over time."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I appreciate the history lesson, Dad, but I need to find the problem now."
Starlight Glimmer says: "In the present."
Firelight says: "Aw, now, hon-bun."
Firelight says: "How are you gonna do that without all the backstory, huh?"
Firelight says: "Oh!"
Firelight says: "Of course I know how hard it is for you to sit still and focus, soooo..."
Firelight says: "would it help you pay attention to hold on to your bwankie?"
Stellar Flare says: "Now, you've had a little setback."
Stellar Flare says: "But don't worry."
Stellar Flare says: "I know exactly what you need to do."
Sunburst says: "Make a plan?"
Stellar Flare says: "Already got one!"
Stellar Flare says: "Step one – interview the suspects."
Stellar Flare says: "Step two – use your talents to solve the issue."
Stellar Flare says: "Step three – get the Princess of Friendship to send you on more missions!"
Sunburst says: "Mom!"
Sunburst says: "It does not work like that!"
Stellar Flare says: "Uh-huh."
"Ever Essence" says: "Oh!"
"Ever Essence" says: "Thank goodness you are here!"
"Ever Essence" says: "These two ponies refuse to use my essences."
"Raspberry Latte" says: "Maybe because we don't like to cover our natural scent!"
"Ever Essence" says: "Ugh."
"Raspberry Latte" says: "Ugh."
"Minty Mocha" says: "And she refuses to buy our books."
"Ever Essence" says: "Surely this is a friendship problem."
"Raspberry Latte" says: "Surely this is a friendship problem."
"Minty Mocha" says: "Surely this is a friendship problem."
Sunburst says: "Ugh!"
Sunburst says: "It needs to be a real friendship problem!"
Sunburst says: "You can't just make one up!"
Stellar Flare says: "This is what happens when we don't rehearse!"
Stellar Flare says: "Ugh!"
Firelight says: "Starlight?"
Firelight says: "Sweetie?"
Firelight says: "I found a really old town bylaw that nopony agrees on."
Firelight says: "Apparently, we're not supposed to prance or canter after dinnertime."
Firelight says: "Could that be the problem?"
Firelight says: "Silly-filly?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Whew!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What are you doing?"
Sunburst says: "Hiding from my mother."
Sunburst says: "She started making up friendship problems for me to solve."
Starlight Glimmer says: "My dad won't even let me talk to anypony in case they're "strangers"."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm a grown mare!"
Sunburst says: "We're never going to find the friendship problem with them around, let alone solve it."
"Cracked Wheat" says: "Maybe you two should start looking for it on your own?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Okay!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "So we wanted to talk to all of you, you know, in private."
Sunburst says: "Just to see if there were issues any of you had with your friends."
"Ever Essence" says: "Got it."
"Ever Essence" says: "Just one question."
"Ever Essence" says: "Why are we whispering?"
"Cracked Wheat" says: "They're avoiding their parents."
"Ever Essence" says: "Ohhhh..."
"Raspberry Latte" says: "Ohhhh..."
"Minty Mocha" says: "Ohhhh..."
Sunburst says: "No."
Sunburst says: "Not avoiding."
Sunburst says: "Just..."
Sunburst says: "taking a break."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Yeah."
Starlight Glimmer says: "We needed to focus."
Starlight Glimmer says: "B-But we're definitely not avoiding them."
"Raspberry Latte" says: "So you're whispering with all of us in the darkest corner of the shop where nopony can possibly see because you're not avoiding them?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Mm-hmm."
Sunburst says: "Uh, but they definitely can't hear us in here, right?"
"Cracked Wheat" says: "No way!"
"Cracked Wheat" says: "This is the antiquities section."
"Cracked Wheat" says: "Nopony ever comes back here."
Firelight says: "There you are!"
Firelight says: "But what are you doing in here?"
Firelight says: "Is the friendship problem in my favorite section of the bookstore?"
Firelight says: "..."
Firelight says: "And then, I thought the best way to look for a friendship problem in the present..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Dad!"
Firelight says: "..."
Firelight says: "was to look back in our town history even farther!"
Stellar Flare says: "Sunburst!"
Stellar Flare says: "Oh, finally!"
Stellar Flare says: "Now, I know you don't want me to make up a problem, but what if I start one?"
Sunburst says: "That's not how this—"
Sunburst says: "!"
Stellar Flare says: "I mean, nopony ever became a success by following all the rules, right?"
Stellar Flare says: "How are things on your end?"
Firelight says: "Couldn't be better!"
Firelight says: "New leads and such!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Guys..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "?"
Stellar Flare says: "We really are providing excellent assistance, aren't we?"
Sunburst says: "Guys!"
Firelight says: "I dare say our children should be grateful for our help."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Guys!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "We don't want your help!"
Sunburst says: "We don't want your help!"
Stellar Flare says: "I'm sorry."
Stellar Flare says: "You don't want our help?"
Firelight says: "That's..."
Firelight says: "That's ridiculous!"
Firelight says: "What reason could you possibly have for that?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Because you're driving us crazy!"
Stellar Flare says: "Oh, really?"
Stellar Flare says: "And just how am I driving you crazy?"
Sunburst says: "By always coming up with plans!"
Sunburst says: "I don't need a plan!"
Sunburst says: "I mean, maybe I do, but it'll be mine, not yours!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "And you're not any better!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm not a filly!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm a grown pony with a job to do, and I'll do it on my own!"
Firelight says: "Well."
Firelight says: "I'll let you get to it then."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Great."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Now we have to smooth things over with our parents on top of finding and solving a friendship problem."
Sunburst says: "It's almost like our relationship with our parents is the friendship problem."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You don't think that's it, do you?"
"Cracked Wheat" says: "That's what all of us think."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Why couldn't we have been sent to stop a war or something?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Dad?"
Firelight says: "Hello, Ms."
Firelight says: "Glimmer."
Firelight says: "How is your friendship problem search going?"
Firelight says: "I only ask as an interested observer, since I know you are an adult who's capable of doing things without help from anypony else."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Actually..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I think Sunburst and I figured out what it is."
Firelight says: "So Stellar and I weren't really helpful after all."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, we haven't actually solved it."
Starlight Glimmer says: "And I don't think we can."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Not without you."
Stellar Flare says: "Oh."
Stellar Flare says: "Did you come by to be driven crazy by more of your mother's plans?"
Sunburst says: "No, I came to apologize."
Stellar Flare says: "Well, it's going to take more than an apology to make up for telling me you don't want my help finding your friendship problem."
Sunburst says: "Oh, I'm not sorry for that."
Sunburst says: "Starlight and I already figured out what the problem is."
Stellar Flare says: "This is a terrible apology."
Sunburst says: "Well, if you come with me and help fix it, I'll give you a better one."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Usually, Twilight or one of our other friends gets called to a place with a friendship problem to fix."
Sunburst says: "But Starlight and I realized we came here to fix a friendship problem we already had."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm sorry I've been avoiding coming home, Dad."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But you can't keep treating me like a foal."
Firelight says: "I'm sorry, sugarbun."
Firelight says: "I just know how hard things were for you when you left home."
Firelight says: "I guess I wanted you to feel safe, like..."
Firelight says: "when you were young."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Dad, I know I've made some mistakes, and I'll probably make a bunch more."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But I learn from them."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I think that's what growing up is."
Sunburst says: "I'm sorry I never told you how much your plans bothered me, and I know you just want me to succeed."
Sunburst says: "But I need to do that on my own."
Stellar Flare says: "I remember how lost you were when you flunked out of magic school."
Stellar Flare says: "I thought as long as you had a plan, you'd never feel that way again."
Sunburst says: "You don't have to worry, Mom."
Sunburst says: "I need to find my own way."
Sunburst says: "And I definitely don't feel lost anymore."
"Cracked Wheat" says: "That's so beautiful!"
Stellar Flare says: "The glowing cutie mark is such a symbol of accomplishment."
Stellar Flare says: "I don't suppose there's a way for you to get it to glow all the time."
Sunburst says: "Pretty sure it doesn't work that way."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Not unless we solved a friendship problem every few seconds, and I kinda hope this one will be it for a while."
Firelight says: "You know, it seems to me your map is saying we're not just your parents."
Firelight says: "Heh."
Firelight says: "We're your friends, too."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I guess so."
Firelight says: "So if I promise to treat you less like a little filly and more like a friend, will you visit more?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Absolutely."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Mmm."
Sunburst says: "And if you start to drive me crazy again, I'll tell you instead of never coming home."
Stellar Flare says: "That's lovely of you to say, dear."
Stellar Flare says: "But you know, I can always visit you."
Firelight says: "Stellar, you're a genius!"
Firelight says: "How do you feel about a road trip?"
Stellar Flare says: "I might have a few plans for that."