Previously on My Little Pony.
Twilight Sparkle says: "You wanted to see me?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "To give me a test?"
Princess Celestia says: "The Crystal Empire has returned."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You want me to help protect an entire empire?"
Princess Celestia says: "It must be you and you alone."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But what if I fail?"
Shining Armor says: "Let's just say the Empire..."
Shining Armor says: "isn't the only thing that's returned."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Go, go!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Sparkleriffic!"
Shining Armor says: "Well, with Cadance putting all her strength into keeping her spell going, and me trying to keep an eye on signs of trouble in the arctic, we haven't been able to gather much information from the Crystal Ponies."
Rarity says: "There are Crystal Ponies?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Autumn Gem says: "I wish I could help you."
Autumn Gem says: "But I..."
Autumn Gem says: "can't seem to remember anything before King Sombra came to power."
Twilight Sparkle says: ""History of the Crystal Empire"."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The last page of the book mentioned a Crystal Heart as the Faire's centerpiece, so I used my magic to cut one out of a crystal block."
Amethyst Maresbury says: "The whole purpose of the Crystal Faire is to lift the spirits of the Crystal Ponies, so the light within them can power the Crystal Heart, so that the empire can be protected!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I think we may have a problem..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I didn't know it was an actual relic!"
Princess Cadance says: "It's alright, Twilight."
Shining Armor says: "Twily..."
Shining Armor says: "The Empire is under attack."
King Sombra says: "Arrgh!"
Shining Armor says: "I have to find the Crystal Heart!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No, you stay here with Cadance."
Twilight Sparkle says: "She needs you, Shining Armor."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'll retrieve the Heart."
Rainbow Dash says: "Let's do this!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've been trying to figure out how I'm meant to pass Celestia's test."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Retrieving the Crystal Heart must be it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But there is something else you can do."
Rainbow Dash says: "Name it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You and the rest of our friends have to keep the Faire going."
Rainbow Dash says: "What?"
Rainbow Dash says: "With that thing moving into the Empire?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The whole purpose of the Crystal Faire is to lift the spirits of the Crystal Ponies, so they can activate the Crystal Heart."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, and?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "If the Crystal Ponies find out that King Sombra is trying to take over the Empire again, their spirits are gonna be anything but lifted."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It won't matter if I find the Crystal Heart."
Twilight Sparkle says: "They won't be able to make it work."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You have to keep them happy here at the Faire."
Rainbow Dash says: "Keep the Faire going and the Crystal Ponies' spirits high."
Rainbow Dash says: "Done and done!"
Shining Armor says: "Twily, be careful."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I will."
Rarity says: "Huuuuh?"
Spike says: "Uh-huh."
Spike says: "We can do that."
Spike says: "Twilight's doing what?!"
Spike says: "!"
Rarity says: "He..."
Rarity says: "really..."
Rarity says: "loves getting his face painted."
Rarity says: "Haha."
Rainbow Dash says: "Who wants a flugelhorn?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I want a flugelhorn!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Who else wants a flugelhorn?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I want a flugelhorn!!"
Spike says: "Twilight, wait!"
Spike says: "I'm coming with you!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You can't."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I have to retrieve the Crystal Heart by myself."
Spike says: "I know."
Spike says: "I promise I won't lift a claw to help you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Not a claw, Spike."
Spike says: "Where are we going exactly?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think I might know where King Sombra hid the Crystal Heart."
Spike says: "The castle?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The king would've been counting on the fact that nopony would dare come looking for it here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "They'd have been too afraid to even try."
Spike says: "I hope you're right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You and me both."
Rainbow Dash says: "What are you lookin' at?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That's what I thought!"
Applejack says: "Uh, Rainbow Dash?"
Applejack says: "We're supposed to be actin' like nothing's wrong."
Rainbow Dash says: "Exactly."
Applejack says: "What I mean is, maybe you should let me keep the Crystal Ponies away from the fake Heart, while you show off your joustin' skills."
Rainbow Dash says: "Huh."
Rainbow Dash says: "Seeing my awesomeness does have a way of putting ponies into a pretty good mood."
Rainbow Dash says: "Come on, Knight Fluttershy."
Fluttershy says: "Huh?"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's showtime."
Applejack says: "How are y'all feelin'?"
Applejack says: "Havin' a good time?"
Autumn Gem says: "The best I've had in over a thousand years!"
Applejack says: "Well, that's good!"
Applejack says: "Gotta renew that spirit of love and unity if you're gonna power up that Crystal Heart, right?"
Autumn Gem says: "I sure would like to see it before the ceremony."
Autumn Gem says: "It's been such a long time."
Applejack says: "Oh, I hear ya, but, uh..."
Applejack says: "phew!"
Applejack says: "Gettin' a little toasty out here."
Applejack says: "Bet you'd like to cool off with a little Crystal Empire nectar!"
Applejack says: "Come on, Twilight..."
Applejack says: "These Crystal Ponies are more curious than a cat!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's gotta be here somewhere."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's just gotta be!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Not a claw, Spike."
Spike says: "Uh..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Celestia's orders!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Of course!"
Spike says: "Argh!"
Spike says: "What?"
Spike says: "Did you find it?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Because this isn't King Sombra's castle."
Spike says: "Well, isn't this where he lived when he was in power?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It is."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But it didn't look like this."
Spike says: "Whoa."
Spike says: "When did you learn to do that?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That was a little trick Celestia taught me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You stay here."
Spike says: "Huh, if you insist."
Spike says: "Can you see what's down there yet?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Not yet."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't even tell how far down this goes!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike?"
Spike says: "Yeah?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Can you see outside?"
King Sombra says: "Yesss..."
King Sombra says: "Crystalsss..."
Spike says: "It's not good!"
Spike says: "Cadance's magic must be fading  faster than before!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ugh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ow!"
Spike says: "Twilight?"
Spike says: "Are you okay?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What in the..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike, I think it's here!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Huh?"
Princess Celestia says: "What are you doing here?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know!"
Princess Celestia says: "And now you must go."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Go where?"
Princess Celestia says: "Doesn't matter to me."
Princess Celestia says: "You failed the test, Twilight!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't understand!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The test?"
Princess Celestia says: "Not only will you not move on to the next level of your studies, you won't continue your studies at all!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You didn't say anything about no longer being your student if I failed!"
Princess Celestia says: "Didn't I?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "what do I do now?"
Spike says: "I know you told me to stay up there, but you were down here for such a long time and you weren't answering and I got worried so I came down here and you were just staring at that wall and..."
Spike says: "I was calling your name, but I couldn't seem to get your attention, and– What were you looking at?"
Spike says: "I mean..."
Spike says: "it's just a wall."
Spike says: "..."
Spike says: "Ponyville?!"
Spike says: "!"
Spike says: "Well, how did I get..."
Spike says: "No!"
Spike says: "I don't wanna go!"
Spike says: "Please, Twilight, don't make me!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "King Sombra's dark magic."
Twilight Sparkle says: "A doorway that leads to your worst fear."
Spike says: "We were home."
Spike says: "You told me you didn't need me anymore."
Spike says: "You were sending me away..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "A fear that will never come to pass."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm never gonna send you away."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And I'm not gonna fail my test!"
Spike says: "What's in there?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe you should come with me this time."
Crystal Pony says: "Bravo, Knight Rainbow Dash!"
Fluttershy says: "Isn't there..."
Fluttershy says: "somepony else who could..."
Fluttershy says: "take over the jousting demonstration with you?"
Rainbow Dash says: "The fate of an entire empire rests on us showing these ponies a good time."
Rainbow Dash says: "But, y'know, if that isn't important to you..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay, okay, I'll take it easy on you next time."
Rainbow Dash says: "But not too easy."
Rainbow Dash says: "I've got a reputation to maintain!"
Spike says: "What if this is just more of his magic?"
Spike says: "He makes a door that leads to your worst nightmare."
Spike says: "Why not a staircase that goes on forever?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hold on to me."
Spike says: "Uh..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Whoa."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Whoaaa!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yaaaah!"
Rarity says: "I am running out of weaving materials for the traditional crafts booth!"
Rarity says: "I just made a hat out of three pieces of hay and a drinking straw!"
Rarity says: "I made it work."
Rarity says: "But still!"
Applejack says: "We gotta do everything we can to keep this thing goin'."
Applejack says: "The Princess isn't lookin' so good."
Applejack says: "I can't imagine her magic is gonna last much longer."
Applejack says: "It's gonna be fine."
Applejack says: "These ponies are gonna power up that Crystal Heart when the time comes, and we won't be needin' her magic anyway."
Pinkie Pie says: "I sure hope that time comes soon!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Even I can't keep this party going forever!"
Crystal Beau says: "This isn't the Crystal Heart."
Rarity says: "Oh, of course it isn't."
Applejack says: "On its way!"
Rarity says: "I was going to say 'being polished' to buy us some more time?"
Applejack says: "Oops."
Sapphire Joy says: "It's..."
Sapphire Joy says: "It's him!"
King Sombra says: "Crystal Heart..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Whoooooahahaha!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I actually studied gravity spells, thinking it might be on my test!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Turns out I was prepared for this!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wooo-hooo!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Heart..."
Spike says: "Here!"
Spike says: "It rolled over to me when you dropped it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Don't move!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You can move, just not toward me!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "How could I have been so foolish?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I was just so eager to get it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Then when I saw what was going on outside, I..."
Spike says: "You have to get out of there, Twilight!"
Spike says: "You have to be the one who brings the Heart to Princess Cadance!"
Spike says: "If you don't, you'll fail Celestia's test!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "King Sombra is already attacking the Empire."
Twilight Sparkle says: "He could reach the Crystal Ponies at any moment..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "reach Princess Cadance, my brother, my friends."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There may not be enough time for me to find a way to escape."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You have to be the one to bring the Crystal Heart to the Faire."
Spike says: "Me?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Go!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Goooo!"
Applejack says: "Now, don't y'all worry your pretty, little Crystal heads!"
Applejack says: "The real Crystal Heart will be here any second!"
Rarity says: "I don't know if they believe you..."
Applejack says: "Don't know if I believe me..."
Sapphire Joy says: "He's back!"
Sapphire Joy says: "I can't take it!"
Sapphire Joy says: "Ugh!"
King Sombra says: "Ahhhhhh..."
Sapphire Joy says: "King Sombra..."
Sapphire Joy says: "!"
King Sombra says: "My crystal slaves..."
Spike says: "Whoa!"
Spike says: "Huh!"
Spike says: "Hey!"
Spike says: "Up here!"
Rarity says: "Spike?"
Spike says: "I got the Crystal Heart!"
King Sombra says: "That is mine!"
Rarity says: "Spikey-wikey!"
King Sombra says: "Hah."
King Sombra says: "Huh?"
Bright Smile says: "Behold!"
Bright Smile says: "The Crystal Princess!"
Princess Cadance says: "The Crystal Heart has returned."
Princess Cadance says: "Use the light and love within you to ensure that King Sombra does not."
King Sombra says: "What?"
King Sombra says: "No..."
King Sombra says: "No!"
King Sombra says: "Stop!"
Rarity says: "Oooh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Good job, Spike."
Rarity says: "I do so wish it was permanent."
Rarity says: "Did you see how my mane just absolutely sparkled?"
Applejack says: "But..."
Applejack says: "good things are better when they're a rarity."
Rarity says: "Aww."
Shining Armor says: "Everything's gonna be okay."
Shining Armor says: "You've gotta stop saving my rump like this."
Shining Armor says: "It's starting to get embarrassing."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wasn't me who saved you in the end."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It was Spike."
Shining Armor says: "It's just a test."
Shining Armor says: "Maybe she'll let you retake it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't think she's gonna give me a new test."
Spike says: "Keep it together, buddy..."
Spike says: "Gotta stay strong..."
Spike says: "for Twilight..."
Princess Celestia says: "It's beautiful."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I wish it had been me who ultimately made it so."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But it wasn't."
Princess Celestia says: "Twilight, as I understand it, Spike brought Princess Cadance the Crystal Heart because you weren't sure how quickly you could find a way to escape the tower."
Princess Celestia says: "You weren't willing to risk the future of the citizens of the Crystal Empire in an effort to guarantee your own."
Princess Celestia says: "Far better that I have a student who understands the meaning of self-sacrifice than one who only looks out for her own best interests."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Does this mean..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "?"
Spike says: "She's totally gonna lose it!"
Spike says: "Keep it together, buddy..."
Spike says: "Gotta stay strong..."
Spike says: "for Twilight..."
Spike says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I passed!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ooh."
Rarity.
You were prepared to do your best.
Had what it takes to pass the test.
All those doubts you can dismiss.
Turns out you were.
All sans Twilight Sparkle.
Prepared for this!
Applejack.
You clearly have just what it takes.
Pinkie Pie.
To pass a test with such high stakes.
Fluttershy.
We knew for sure you would prevail.
Rainbow Dash.
Since when does Twilight Sparkle ever fail?
All sans Twilight Sparkle.
All those doubts that you can dismiss.
Trust yourself and you cannot miss.
Applejack, Rarity, and Pinkie Pie.
Turns out you were.
Twilight Sparkle.
Turns out I was.
Rainbow Dash, Fluttershy, and Spike.
Turns out you were.
Twilight Sparkle.
Turns out I was.
Rarity.
Turns out you were.
All sans Twilight Sparkle.
Prepared for this!