Sandbar.
Ponies' voices fill the night.
Hearth's Warming Eve is here once again.
Come on, everycreature! Sing!
Sandbar.
La-la-la-la, la-la-la-la.
La-la, la-la, la-la, la-la.
Ocellus.
Yona says: "Not everycreature celebrate same way, you know."
Smolder says: "Yeah."
Smolder says: "Dragons don't do pony holidays."
Spike says: "Sure we do!"
Spike says: "I love Hearth's Warming Eve!"
Spike says: "It's all about friends and presents and family and..."
Spike says: "presents!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's also about putting aside differences to come together, like the Earth ponies, Pegasi, and unicorns did on the first holiday."
Ocellus says: "Oh!"
Ocellus says: "Is that why you put their Fire of Friendship on top of the tree?"
Ocellus says: "To help us remember their unity?"
Rainbow Dash says: "And 'cause it looks cool."
Silverstream says: "This is my favorite day of the year!"
Silverstream says: "Not that I don't like the other ones."
Silverstream says: "Tuesdays are great!"
Yona says: "Yona like any day that is start of winter break."
Gallus says: "Two whole weeks without classes."
Gallus says: "How will Ocellus survive?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think you'll all enjoy the time off to be home with your families."
Twilight Sparkle says: "To celebrate your own traditions."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Attention, everycreature!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "School is officially out!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Happy holidays, and we'll see you after the break!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And for those of you traveling outside Equestria..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, shouldn't you guys be getting ready to go?"
Rainbow Dash says: "If you miss that train, it's a really long walk."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Go pack up, and we'll take you to the station."
Spike says: "It's that new bowtie I wanted, isn't it?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You'll have to wait and see."
Spike says: "I'm waiting!"
Spike says: "But in the meantime, I'm shaking!"
Spike says: "Wha..."
Spike says: "What happened?!"
Spike says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everything's ruined – that's what's happened!"
Rainbow Dash says: "And I don't think it was an accident."
Rainbow Dash says: "Somepony was up here!"
Spike says: "Over there!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Outside!"
Spike says: "That's the students' quarters!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Might as well give up, whoever you are!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We got ya cornered!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hello?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Is anypony there?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'll check the back door!"
Silverstream says: "What's happening?"
Silverstream says: "Another decorating party?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Has anycreature come in here?"
Smolder says: "Well, yeah."
Smolder says: "All of us did."
Smolder says: "To pack?"
Smolder says: "Like you told us to?"
Spike says: "After that."
Spike says: "Did you hear anything?"
Silverstream says: "Uh-uh."
Smolder says: "Uh-uh."
Gallus says: "What's up?"
Yona says: "Yona done packing!"
Ocellus says: "Is something wrong?"
Rainbow Dash says: "The back door's locked!"
Rainbow Dash says: "No way out!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But whoever did it had to have come in here!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We saw them!"
Ocellus says: "Whoever did what?"
Sandbar says: "Whoa..."
Sandbar says: "That is so not cool."
Spike says: "And whoever did it ran into your rooms."
Spike says: "No one came out, and all of you are still here."
Rainbow Dash says: "One of you must have done this!"
Rainbow Dash says: "But..."
Rainbow Dash says: "why would any of you want to sabotage Hearth's Warming Eve?"
Yona says: "Ugh!"
Yona says: "Yak not do this!"
Yona says: "Yona offended by accusation!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We don't know what happened."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe this wasn't even on purpose."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I want to give whoever caused this mess a chance to tell the truth and explain themselves."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'll make it easy for you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Close your eyes."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now, if you did this, raise your hoof."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Or claw."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Or whatever."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come on, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Looks like we have to—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike, you can open your eyes."
Spike says: "What?"
Spike says: "Oh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, what about me?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You all can."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But since nocreature took responsibility for this mess, you're all gonna have to help clean it up before you can go home."
Smolder says: "Why do I have to stay?!"
Smolder says: "!"
Sandbar says: "Aw, but the holidays!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "While you're cleaning, we'll bring you into my office one at a time."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Since honesty is one of the Elements of Harmony, we want to give you each a chance to tell us the truth."
Rainbow Dash says: "And once we find out who did it, just you wait!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We're gonna..."
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We'll..."
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What are we gonna do exactly?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The guilty party won't be going home over Hearth's Warming break."
Twilight Sparkle says: "She or he will stay here for some one-on-one friendship lessons."
Silverstream says: "But what if none of us confesses?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Then..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I guess there's no holidays for anycreature."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You'll all stay over the break."
Twilight Sparkle says: "All right, let's get to the bottom of this."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Who wants to be interviewed first?"
Gallus says: "Eh."
Gallus says: "I'll go."
Gallus says: "Beats mop duty."
Silverstream says: "Hey, I know!"
Silverstream says: "We can make a game out of this!"
Silverstream says: "See who finishes cleaning up first!"
Yona says: "Woo-hoo!"
Yona says: "Yak win!"
Yona says: "Yak best at cleaning!"
Smolder says: "Let's save time and cut to the chase."
Smolder says: "Which one of you did it?"
Ocellus says: "I would never do something this horrible!"
Ocellus says: "I love Hearth's Warming Eve!"
Ocellus says: "And I do not want to miss going home for it."
Sandbar says: "Huh."
Sandbar says: "I didn't even know changelings celebrated Hearth's Warming."
Ocellus says: "Oh, yes!"
Ocellus says: "It's our favorite holiday!"
Ocellus says: "Well, since Headmare Twilight shared it with us last year."
Ocellus says: "She gave our hive very clear instructions."
Ocellus says: ""Welcome to the traditions and fun of Hearth's Warming!"
Ocellus says: "Here's a guide to help you enjoy this celebration of pony history."
Ocellus says: "Families start the holidays by putting the tree up!"
Ocellus says: ""Thirsty?"
Ocellus says: "Dive into some holiday punch!"
Ocellus says: ""Just before bed, everypony exchanges gifts."
Ocellus says: "It doesn't say how long we keep doing this."
Ocellus says: ""And to finish celebrating, you can build a fire, light it up, and sing carols."
Carols, carols, carols, carols, caroooools.
Sandbar says: "You might have misunderstood things just a little."
Ocellus says: "Eh."
Ocellus says: "We may not have done everything exactly the way you do."
Ocellus says: "But we made our own traditions!"
Ocellus says: "And I can't wait to do it all again this year!"
Smolder says: "If we ever get out of here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ocellus?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Your turn."
Silverstream says: "What happened?"
Gallus says: "What do you think happened?"
Gallus says: "I told her I didn't do it."
Yona says: "Ugh!"
Yona says: "Yona tired of waiting!"
Yona says: "Yaks always home for holidays!"
Sandbar says: "How do you celebrate Hearth's Warming in Yakyakistan, Yona?"
Yona says: "Yaks do not."
Yona says: "Our holiday much better."
Yona says: "Is called Snilldar Fest."
Yona says: "Night before, yaks gather things to smash and put them in big pile."
Yona says: "Then in morning, we smash them!"
Yona says: "In afternoon, we smash them again!"
Yona says: "In evening—"
Gallus says: "So it's just about smashing stuff, like all your other holidays."
Yona says: "No!"
Yona says: "How griffon get that idea?"
Yona says: "This holiday about so much more."
Yona says: "Last year, for example."
Yona says: "Most perfect Snilldar ever."
Yona says: "Whole family – grandpa, grandma yak, Yona's brother, sister, mother, father yak – all go to woods singing yak song."
Yona and family.
Yak song! Yak song! Not very long! Sing again!
Yak song! Yak song! Not very long! Sing again!
Yak song! Yak song! Not very long! Sing again!
Yona says: "Calves in family pick out perfect smashing log."
Yona says: "Then yaks smash it!"
Yona says: "Then yak family build perfect snow fort..."
Yona says: "and smash it!"
Yona says: "Then we hang perfect things on perfect moss pile and—"
All but Yona says: "You smash it."
Yona says: "What you think yaks are, barbarians?"
Yona says: "Moss pile is for special family rituals."
Yona says: "Last year, ritual for Yona."
Yona says: "All yak family gather around Yona and braid Yona hair for first time."
Gallus says: "So, to recap..."
Gallus says: "Your holiday is about smashing things and family."
Yona says: "Two most perfect things ever put together."
Yona says: "Happy Snilldar Fest!"
Silverstream says: "Happy Snilldar to you too, Yona!"
Silverstream says: "It's so cool to learn new traditions from new friends!"
Smolder says: "Yeah, well, one of these new friends has gotten us all in trouble."
Smolder says: "And they'd better confess soon."
Ocellus says: "Sandbar?"
Ocellus says: "Sorry, but they said they want you to go in next."
Silverstream says: "Why the rush to get home, Smolder?"
Silverstream says: "Like you said, dragons don't really have holidays, do they?"
Smolder says: "Meh."
Ocellus says: "That's so sad!"
Ocellus says: "You must do something in the winter for fun."
Smolder says: "Well, we do have the Feast of Fire."
Smolder says: "Everydragon gets together and tells stories."
Smolder says: "The best one wins a pile of gemstones."
Yona says: "Ooh, what story won last year?"
Smolder says: "It was called "A Dream Come True"."
Silverstream says: "Come on, now you've gotta tell it!"
Smolder says: "Ugh, fine."
Smolder says: "Once upon a time, there was this sad little dragon."
Smolder says: "Her name was Scales."
Smolder says: "She lived alone in the wilderness with nothing to eat."
Smolder says: "But one night, as she sat alone in a storm, she heard something."
Smolder says: "It was the Dragon Lord!"
Smolder says: "Scales was scared, but the Dragon Lord told her not to be afraid, that he was taking her to the Dragon Lands for a great feast."
Smolder says: "Scales sat with the Dragon Lord's family and friends and had the biggest, best dinner of gemstones she'd ever eaten!"
Smolder says: "Then, while the dragons were telling stories, Scales thought it would be so easy to seize power from this feeble and sensitive Dragon Lord."
Smolder says: "She saw her chance..."
Smolder says: "and took it!"
Smolder says: "And forced the Dragon Lord to live out in the cold, just as she used to!"
Ocellus says: "That's a horrible story!"
Smolder says: "Maybe to you."
Smolder says: "But dragons like hearing about weak, kind creatures getting defeated."
Rainbow Dash says: "Silverstream!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You're up!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Let's go!"
Smolder says: "So, did you tell them you did it?"
Sandbar says: "What?!"
Sandbar says: "!"
Sandbar says: "No way!"
Sandbar says: "Why would I say that?"
Smolder says: "You already live in Ponyville."
Smolder says: "Staying here over break is no big deal."
Yona says: "School of Friendship good place for pony to have pony holiday."
Sandbar says: "I'd still rather spend it with my family at home."
Sandbar says: "Oh!"
Sandbar says: "That reminds me!"
Sandbar says: "I have the best holiday story ever!"
Sandbar says: "It's called..."
Sandbar says: ""The Day My Hearth's Warming Doll Almost Fell into the Fire!"
Sandbar says: "Just before we went to bed, my mom, my dad, and my sister all put our Hearth's Warming Dolls up on the mantel, just like we do every year."
Sandbar says: "But this year, I put my doll too close to the edge, and it fell!"
Sandbar says: "Nooooooo!"
Ocellus says: "And?!"
Ocellus says: "!"
Sandbar says: "My doll hit the floor."
Sandbar says: "But it could have gone in the fire!"
Smolder says: "That's a great story."
Smolder says: "And you told it really well."
Sandbar says: "Yeah."
Sandbar says: "It was a Hearth's Warming miracle."
Rainbow Dash says: "Next!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Smolder, come with me."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yona, Twilight's waiting for you."
Ocellus says: "The last two."
Ocellus says: "So if neither one of them confesses, that means..."
Silverstream says: "We're never going home!"
Ocellus says: "We'll be here forever!"
Sandbar says: "Beyond forever."
Silverstream says: "But I can't miss the Three Days of Freedom Celebration!"
Gallus says: "How long does that last?"
Silverstream says: "It used to be only one day, but now to commemorate our escape from the Storm King, we're adding two more days of awesome!"
Silverstream says: "See?"
Gallus says: "There's a book?"
Silverstream says: "Mm-hmm!"
Silverstream says: "Queen Novo had these made for the Mount Aris board of tourism to explain it all to guests!"
Silverstream says: "We'll spend the first night in Seaquestria, thanking the ocean for protecting us from the Storm King."
Silverstream says: "Sea-dancing, whale-singing, shell-stringing..."
Silverstream says: "Lots of "ing"'s."
Silverstream says: "The second day will be on Mount Aris, with sky-dancing and a wind song in the Harmonizing Heights to celebrate the Storm King's defeat."
Silverstream says: "Then the third day, everycreature will party together, on land and sea!"
Silverstream says: "Grandparents and parents and sisters, uncles, brothers, acquaintances, neighbors, and cousins."
Silverstream says: "And at the end of the night, Queen Novo is gonna give out presents!"
Gallus says: "Wait."
Gallus says: "Hold on."
Gallus says: ""Cousins"?"
Gallus says: "What are those?"
Ocellus says: "Your aunts and uncles' children."
Ocellus says: "You know, part of your family."
Ocellus says: "Heh."
Ocellus says: "Oh."
Ocellus says: "You're teasing us again, right?"
Sandbar says: "I'm guessing neither one of you confessed."
Yona says: "Headmare Twilight say wait here."
Silverstream says: "Maybe they're changing their minds about sending us home."
Smolder says: "Why would they?"
Smolder says: "Face it."
Smolder says: "We're stuck here."
Ocellus says: "But-but-but I have to go home!"
Silverstream says: "My mom makes the best kelp fritters."
Sandbar says: "How can you be so cool about this?"
Smolder says: "We're mad."
Smolder says: "We just show it differently."
Sandbar says: "More like you don't show it at all."
Yona says: "What pony getting at?"
Silverstream says: "Maybe it wasn't just one prankster."
Silverstream says: "Maybe there were three of you."
Silverstream says: "And you're trying to hide your guilt by not being upset!"
Ocellus says: "It does make sense."
Gallus says: "Guys, stop it."
Smolder says: "Or maybe whoever did it is only pretending to be upset to throw us off."
Ocellus says: "Me?!"
Ocellus says: "!"
Ocellus says: "But I didn't!"
Gallus says: "Come on, let it go."
Sandbar says: "Come on!"
Sandbar says: "Ocellus, you know you did it!"
Sandbar says: "Just fess up!"
Gallus says: "I said, stop fighting!"
Gallus says: "That's not what the holidays are about!"
Gallus says: "No matter what you call them or how you celebrate!"
Gallus says: "D-Do you know how lucky you all are?"
Gallus says: "With your stories about sharing and-and kindness and getting together with everycreature that you care about?"
Ocellus says: "But griffons do that too, don't they?"
Smolder says: "Some holiday about a moon?"
Gallus says: "Blue Moon Festival."
Gallus says: "The one time of year when griffons are nice to each other."
Gallus says: "Well, as nice as we can be."
Gallus says: "Families get together to eat and then complain about the food and give each other presents they don't like and mostly just try not to yell at each other."
Silverstream says: "Well, at least you get to be with your family."
Gallus says: "No..."
Gallus says: "because I don't have a family."
Sandbar says: "What about Grampa Gruff?"
Gallus says: "That's just his name."
Gallus says: "He's not anygriff's actual grandpa."
Gallus says: "I felt like I never had a place in Griffonstone."
Gallus says: "Then I came here and, well, met all of you."
Gallus says: "So I don't want to go home for the break."
Gallus says: "And that's why..."
Gallus says: "I did it!"
Yona says: "Griffon mess up decorations?!"
Yona says: "!"
Gallus says: "Yeah."
Gallus says: "It was me."
Gallus says: "I put goo powder in the Fire of Friendship."
Sandbar says: "So it wasn't Ocellus?"
Ocellus says: "Why would you ruin things for us?"
Gallus says: "I didn't plan to!"
Gallus says: "I just figured if I made a mess, our teachers would make us stay to clean up."
Gallus says: "We'd be together a little longer."
Smolder says: "Well, it worked, didn't it?"
Gallus says: "Better than I thought."
Gallus says: "And when Headmare Twilight threatened to cancel winter break, that meant I would get to be with all of you through the entire holiday."
Gallus says: "That's why I didn't confess."
Sandbar says: "So, why are you admitting this now?"
Gallus says: "I hated seeing all you fighting and-and blaming each other."
Gallus says: "That's the opposite of what all your holidays mean."
Gallus says: "Except maybe yours, Smolder."
Gallus says: "I can't keep all of you from the happiness of your homes and families just because I feel bad."
Gallus says: "I'm sorry."
Gallus says: "Don't worry."
Gallus says: "You won't have to tell our teachers."
Gallus says: "I will."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You don't have to."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We already know."
Rainbow Dash says: "We kinda guessed it was you."
Rainbow Dash says: "But we wanted to give you the chance to tell the truth."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm proud that you did, and I'm glad to see you've been paying attention in Professor Applejack's honesty classes."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But you're still going to have to make amends and stay over break for extra friendship lessons by yourself."
Silverstream says: "I'll stay with him."
Ocellus says: "Me, too!"
Yona says: "Yona stay also!"
Sandbar says: "I'm staying!"
Smolder says: "What?"
Smolder says: "All right."
Smolder says: "I guess pony holidays can't be that bad."
Sandbar says: "Now you can finally know what it's like to spend Hearth's Warming with friends who care about you."
Rainbow Dash says: "Looks like they don't really need any extra lessons."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Since you obviously know that Hearth's Warming is about coming together, I'd be honored if all of you would join my friends as guests at our holiday table."
Twilight Sparkle says: "After we finish cleaning up."
Sandbar says: "Hey, this reminds me of another story!"
Sandbar says: ""The Time I Almost Spilled Grape Juice on the White Couch"!"
Smolder says: "Does it have a depressing ending?"
Ocellus says: "I'm not sure pony stories work that way."
Yona says: "Gallus want Yona braid feathers?"
Gallus says: "Uhhh..."
Gallus says: "pass."
Silverstream.
Hearth's Warming Eve is here once again!