Announcer says: "Highlights in the world of sports!"
Announcer says: "Buckball fever has swept Equestria!"
Announcer says: "What started as a backyard hobby for fruit farmers and the like has blossomed into a literal phenomenon, with something for everypony."
Announcer says: "Unicorns, Pegasi, and Earth ponies alike can't get enough of this breakthrough sport."
Announcer says: "And with its popularity still on the rise, buckball fans want—"
Announcer says: "nay, demand—"
Announcer says: "an institution catering to their new obsession."
Announcer says: "And the ponies of Appleloosa answered the call, delivering a state-of-the-art locale where fans Equestria over can celebrate their passion: the Buckball Hall of Fame."
Announcer says: "Though given the game's recent nature, the only inductees so far will be the members of the current championship team from Ponyville."
Pinkie Pie says: "Do you think they know we're here?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I think they have a pretty good idea."
Snails says: "A pretty good idea about what?"
Fluttershy says: "I can't believe the ponies of Appleloosa built this place."
Pinkie Pie says: "Yeah, especially after their team lost to us."
Pinkie Pie says: "They must really love buckball."
Fan says: "Oh, my gosh!"
Fan says: "It's you!"
Fan says: "I can't believe you're you!"
Fan says: "I mean, here!"
Fan says: "I mean, Team Ponyville!"
Fan says: "Yeah!"
Snails says: "Yep, it's us."
Fan says: "How much for an autograph?"
Snips says: "Bits for autographs, eh?"
Snips says: "Snails, you thinkin' what I'm thinkin'?"
Snails says: "What is the sound of one hoof clapping?"
Snips says: "Yeah!"
Snips says: "I mean, uh, no!"
Snips says: "How many of you would pay for an autograph from my best friend Snails?"
Male Pony says: "I can't believe I'm about to get his autograph."
Snails says: "Wow!"
Snails says: "That's a lot of writing."
Fluttershy says: "I'm so proud they decided to honor us."
Fluttershy says: "I never thought I'd get to be in anything like a Hall of Fame."
Pinkie Pie says: "Me, neither!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Unless you count a Royal Order of Party Planners Memorial Library, which I don't, because every party planner gets one of those eventually."
Fluttershy says: "I hope Snails finishes signing autographs soon."
Fluttershy says: "We can't play without him."
Fluttershy says: "And if we lose or forfeit one game, we'll be out of the tournament."
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, he better get his flank over here then!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You have to win the first few games without me cheering you on."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, why?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Applejack was too busy to come, so she made me promise to go to all the museum exhibits and tell her about them."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm gonna try to get in first and beat the crowd so I can get back to the tournament faster."
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Then you'd better hurry."
Pinkie Pie says: "Looks like there's already a line."
Rainbow Dash says: "What?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "The doors aren't even open yet!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What kind of sports fan camps out for a museum?"
Quibble Pants says: "The real question is what kind of sports fan doesn't?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Quibble Pants?"
Quibble Pants says: "Rainbow Dash, fancy meeting you here."
Rainbow Dash says: "Fancy meeting me?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm a sportspony."
Rainbow Dash says: "Of course I'd be here."
Rainbow Dash says: "What's fancy is you being here."
Rainbow Dash says: "If "fancy" meant confusing."
Quibble Pants says: "There's nothing fancy or confusing about it."
Quibble Pants says: "Y-You can't keep me away from that..."
Quibble Pants says: "that buckball rink."
Quibble Pants says: "I'm..."
Quibble Pants says: "I'm the biggest fan there is."
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, it's a buckball field."
Rainbow Dash says: "And you are?"
Quibble Pants says: "Oh..."
Quibble Pants says: "sure."
Quibble Pants says: "What w-with all th-the bucking and the balling, uh, uh, on the buckball field, w-which is where they play buckball."
Quibble Pants says: "I-I-I wanted to be first inside to experience the grand history of the sport."
Quibble Pants says: "I-I mean, I guess only a real fan would understand that."
Rainbow Dash says: "Whaaaa..."
Rainbow Dash says: "?"
Quibble Pants says: "Oh, perfect timing."
Quibble Pants says: "Rainbow Dash, I'd like you to meet Clear Sky, the most amazing pony I've ever met."
Rainbow Dash says: "Um, you've met Daring Do, so that's probably an exaggeration."
Rainbow Dash says: "No offense."
Clear Sky says: "None taken."
Clear Sky says: "When it comes to describing your special somepony, a little exaggeration's normal."
Clear Sky says: "And I feel the same way about you."
Rainbow Dash says: "And who is this?"
Clear Sky says: "This is my daughter Wind Sprint."
Quibble Pants says: "And she is pretty amazing, too!"
Clear Sky says: "Wind, did you thank Quibble for camping out so we'd be first in line?"
Wind Sprint says: "Thanks."
Quibble Pants says: "No problem."
Quibble Pants says: "I-I-I probably would have done it anyway."
Quibble Pants says: "I mean, I..."
Quibble Pants says: "I can't wait to see the..."
Quibble Pants says: ""evolution of the buck basket from farm to field"!"
Quibble Pants says: "That..."
Quibble Pants says: "That sounds just, I mean, oh, wow!"
Quibble Pants says: "There..."
Quibble Pants says: "There is a lot to see!"
Wind Sprint says: "I'd rather see the game."
Quibble Pants says: "Oh."
Quibble Pants says: "Well, I..."
Quibble Pants says: "I mean, sure."
Quibble Pants says: "T-T-That makes sense."
Quibble Pants says: "We could just go to the tournament instead."
Clear Sky says: "No!"
Clear Sky says: "Quibble planned this whole thing for us, and you could be a little more appreciative!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I kind of wanted to skip the museum, too."
Rainbow Dash says: "But I promised a friend that I'd check out all the exhibits."
Wind Sprint says: "Ugh!"
Wind Sprint says: "All of them?"
Quibble Pants says: "You, know, I-I'd like a chance to catch up with Rainbow Dash."
Quibble Pants says: "Why don't we split up?"
Quibble Pants says: "We'll..."
Quibble Pants says: "We'll cover more ground that way, and..."
Rainbow Dash says: "So..."
Rainbow Dash says: "you and Clear Sky, huh?"
Quibble Pants says: "Oh, yeah, she's great."
Quibble Pants says: "Honestly, I've never been happier..."
Quibble Pants says: "Which is why I need your help!"
Quibble Pants says: "I don't know what any of this stuff is!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What do you mean?"
Quibble Pants says: "See this?"
Quibble Pants says: "I-I don't know what it is."
Rainbow Dash says: "A ball?"
Quibble Pants says: "W—"
Quibble Pants says: "And this?"
Quibble Pants says: "I-I—"
Quibble Pants says: "No idea!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's a basket."
Rainbow Dash says: "How do you not know what these are?"
Quibble Pants says: "I'm not even a hundred percent sure what bucking is."
Quibble Pants says: "I literally know nothing about buckball or any other sport!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, I figured you weren't the sportiest pony in Equestria."
Quibble Pants says: "But Wind Sprint is, and her dad was some big athlete, too."
Quibble Pants says: "I-I can't compete with that."
Quibble Pants says: "I really want things with Clear Sky to work out, but if Wind doesn't like me, I-I might as well give up."
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, why?"
Quibble Pants says: "They're a family."
Quibble Pants says: "Even if it's okay with Clear Sky, I wouldn't ask them to make me a part of it if Wind Sprint isn't on board."
Quibble Pants says: "I thought if I could convince Wind I was a big buckball fan, we'd have something to bond over, but I'm..."
Quibble Pants says: "I'm pretty sure she's on to me."
Rainbow Dash says: "Here."
Rainbow Dash says: "Give it a shot."
Rainbow Dash says: "It's easy."
Quibble Pants says: "Aah!"
Quibble Pants says: "Aah!"
Quibble Pants says: "Oof!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, I don't think she's fooled."
Quibble Pants says: "Could..."
Quibble Pants says: "Could you talk to her?"
Quibble Pants says: "I-I mean, you're a famous sportspony."
Quibble Pants says: "Y-You'd know what to say."
Quibble Pants says: "Maybe you could talk me up a little."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ha!"
Rainbow Dash says: "No problem."
Rainbow Dash says: "I've totally got your flank."
Rainbow Dash says: "Trust me, the game's a lot harder to play with apples."
Wind Sprint says: "You play?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Who do you think taught them?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Of course, being a Wonderbolt takes up most of my time, so I don't get to practice as much as I'd like."
Wind Sprint says: "Wait."
Wind Sprint says: "You're Rainbow Dash?"
Wind Sprint says: "The Wonderbolt?"
Wind Sprint says: "Whoa, my dad was a great flyer, too."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hmm, you don't say."
Rainbow Dash says: "You know, Quibble's pretty sporty, too."
Wind Sprint says: "If you say so."
Rainbow Dash says: "I think I've seen enough of this museum for three Applejacks."
Rainbow Dash says: "Let's go watch some buckball!"
Quibble Pants says: "That sounds awesome!"
Quibble Pants says: "Oh, but first, I got you  a little surprise."
Wind Sprint says: "Oh."
Wind Sprint says: "A book."
Quibble Pants says: "Oh, not just a book."
Quibble Pants says: "It's a buckball almanac."
Quibble Pants says: "This thing has every buckball fact and statistic ever recorded!"
Wind Sprint says: "Wow."
Quibble Pants says: "I know!"
Quibble Pants says: "I never realized there was so much math in buckball."
Quibble Pants says: "I-I mean, this game's got more numbers than Ogres & Oubliettes."
Wind Sprint says: "Thanks?"
Quibble Pants says: "I-I-I guess I could hold it for you."
Quibble Pants says: "You know, so you don't have to carry it."
Wind Sprint says: "Can we go to the game now?"
Clear Sky says: "Sure, honey."
Clear Sky says: "Listen, Q, this trip was a lovely idea, and the book was sweet, but you don't have to try so hard."
Clear Sky says: "Everything's gonna be fine."
Quibble Pants says: "Not even my presents are in the ball court."
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, do you mean "ball park"?"
Quibble Pants says: "Do I?!"
Quibble Pants says: "!"
Quibble Pants says: "I don't know!"
Quibble Pants says: "One thing's for sure: Wind is never gonna like a pony like me."
Rainbow Dash says: "Of course she will."
Rainbow Dash says: "She just needs to see your sporty side."
Quibble Pants says: "I don't have a sporty side."
Rainbow Dash says: "Everypony has a sporty side, and we're gonna find yours."
Rainbow Dash says: "By the end of the day, I am gonna turn you into the sportiest pony in Equestria!"
Quibble Pants says: "Look, I'm not saying it's a terrible idea, but it's a terrible idea!"
Quibble Pants says: "You can't turn me into an athlete!"
Quibble Pants says: "It's impossible!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's either that or be yourself and bond with Wind over comic books and role-playing games."
Wind Sprint says: "Ooh!"
Wind Sprint says: "Ah!"
Quibble Pants says: "Uh, I have a 17 charisma, all right?"
Quibble Pants says: "Don't you think I tried?"
Quibble Pants says: "She doesn't even like Daring Do."
Quibble Pants says: "She thinks she's not athletic enough."
Rainbow Dash says: "What?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Wow."
Rainbow Dash says: "We need to get started on "Operation: Sportify" ASAP."
Rainbow Dash says: "To figure out what your sporty side is, we just need to see what your skills are."
Rainbow Dash says: "Everypony's got something."
Rainbow Dash says: "Speed!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Strength!"
Quibble Pants says: "Whoa!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Agility!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Heh."
Rainbow Dash says: "Of course, some ponies can do it all."
Quibble Pants says: "You're amazing, but what about me?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Right."
Rainbow Dash says: "We should probably start small."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'll pass the ball to you, and you just pass it back to me, okay?"
Quibble Pants says: "Okay."
Quibble Pants says: "Uh-huh."
Quibble Pants says: "And..."
Quibble Pants says: "buckball!"
Quibble Pants says: "Ow."
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay."
Rainbow Dash says: "Maybe agility's not your thing."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ready?"
Quibble Pants says: "If I say no, do I still have to run?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yep."
Snips says: "Can we get on with this?"
Snips says: "Snails and I did so well with the autographs, we decided to expand."
Snips says: "And these souvenirs are not going to sell themselves!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Remember, think speed."
Quibble Pants says: "Got it."
Rainbow Dash says: "On your marks, get set..."
Quibble Pants says: "Speed."
Quibble Pants says: "Speed."
Rainbow Dash says: "Go!"
Quibble Pants says: "Speed!"
Quibble Pants says: "Speed!"
Quibble Pants says: "Speed!"
Quibble Pants says: "Speed!"
Quibble Pants says: "Speed!"
Quibble Pants says: "Speed!"
Quibble Pants says: "Speed!"
Quibble Pants says: "Speed!"
Quibble Pants says: "Whew!"
Quibble Pants says: "Okay!"
Quibble Pants says: "What a race, right?"
Quibble Pants says: "Oh."
Quibble Pants says: "So much for speed."
Snips says: "Eh, this was fun, but I've gotta get back to work."
Rainbow Dash says: "Come on, Quibble."
Rainbow Dash says: "You got this!"
Quibble Pants says: "I..."
Quibble Pants says: "got..."
Quibble Pants says: "this!"
Quibble Pants says: "I..."
Quibble Pants says: "Ugh!"
Quibble Pants says: "This is hopeless."
Quibble Pants says: "I..."
Quibble Pants says: "I don't have any skills."
Quibble Pants says: "Not agility, not speed."
Quibble Pants says: "I-I can't even lift more than one book, and I love books!"
Rainbow Dash says: "If we had time to train, I know I could mold you into the perfect sportspony."
Rainbow Dash says: "Or at least a sportier pony."
Quibble Pants says: "Who knows how long that would take?"
Quibble Pants says: "I-I need to get Wind to like me now."
Rainbow Dash says: "Maybe you're not the best athlete in Equestria, or the most coordinated, or the fastest, or..."
Rainbow Dash says: "even a little bit strong."
Quibble Pants says: "I-I'm sorry, wait."
Quibble Pants says: "Is this supposed to be making me feel better?"
Quibble Pants says: "Because it's not."
Rainbow Dash says: "But none of that matters because I just figured out how to sportify you!"
Game Announcer says: "And with that score, the stars of Team Ponyville advance to the next round."
Game Announcer says: "If they keep winning like this, they'll never get off the field."
Wind Sprint says: "Wow!"
Wind Sprint says: "The players from Ponyville are so good!"
Quibble Pants says: "They sure are."
Clear Sky says: "Quibble, where have you been?"
Clear Sky says: "I was hoping we'd all watch the tournament together."
Quibble Pants says: "Oh, I've just been arranging for us to hang out with a few of my close friends."
Quibble Pants says: "From Team Ponyville."
Quibble Pants says: "That is, if Wind's up for it."
Clear Sky says: "This is wonderful, Q, but I still feel like you're trying too hard to get Wind's approval."
Wind Sprint says: "This is so great!"
Wind Sprint says: "Pinkie Pie and Fluttershy are the best players out there!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, you can thank Quibble."
Rainbow Dash says: "Wonderbolts, buckball stars..."
Rainbow Dash says: "He's friends with the sportiest ponies around, so he must be pretty sporty, too, right?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh, so this is Quibble Pants."
Pinkie Pie says: "Rainbow Dash told us all about how you two spent a whole Daring Do convention geeking out together about books!"
Fluttershy says: "And even though at first she thought you were the most annoying fanpony she ever met, you two eventually became friends."
Quibble Pants says: "Uh..."
Clear Sky says: "I guess even sportsponies agree."
Clear Sky says: "Quibble's a pony you like more and more over time."
Wind Sprint says: "Ugh."
Wind Sprint says: "Knowing sportsponies isn't the same as being one."
Wind Sprint says: "What's it like playing in front of all those fans?"
Fluttershy says: "Um..."
Rainbow Dash says: "I guess you'll find out."
Wind Sprint says: "What do you mean?"
Quibble Pants says: "Yes, what do you mean?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I think it's time we told Wind about your next surprise."
Clear Sky says: "Q, Wind really doesn't need any more surprises."
Wind Sprint says: "Is it another book?"
Rainbow Dash says: "A – books are awesome."
Rainbow Dash says: "And B – this is way more awesomer than that!"
Rainbow Dash says: "For the tournament halftime show, you and Quibble are gonna play a game of buckball against Team Ponyville!"
Quibble Pants says: "We're what?!"
Quibble Pants says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, you should probably stretch."
Quibble Pants says: "No amount of stretching is gonna make this okay!"
Quibble Pants says: "What were you thinking?!"
Quibble Pants says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Look, you wanted to impress Wind Sprint, and this just made sense."
Quibble Pants says: "Really?"
Quibble Pants says: "How does me making a fool of myself in front of her, Sky, and a billion buckball fans make sense?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Don't worry, I've got your flank."
Rainbow Dash says: "I already talked to Pinkie Pie and Fluttershy."
Rainbow Dash says: "They're totally gonna make you look good."
Quibble Pants says: "Oh."
Quibble Pants says: "Okay, well, maybe this isn't the absolute worst idea ever."
Game Announcer says: "Mares and stallions, foals and colts!"
Game Announcer says: "Put your hooves together for today's halftime presentation, as buckball's biggest stars take on a team of fans just like you!"
Game Announcer says: "And that's one for the Ponyville champs!"
Game Announcer says: "Looks like these fans don't know what they signed up for!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, no."
Fluttershy says: "Quibble's wide open, and I'll never get there in time to block."
Game Announcer says: "Ooh!"
Game Announcer says: "Looks like our fan team needs to work on their passing!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hee-hee!"
Game Announcer says: "And the fan team finally scores!"
Game Announcer says: "..."
Game Announcer says: "For the other side."
Game Announcer says: "That makes three!"
Game Announcer says: "Team Ponyville wins!"
Quibble Pants says: "It says very clearly on page six-forty-seven of the expanded buckball tournament rules that "a goal is scored when an Earth pony sends the ball into a basket"."
Quibble Pants says: "But it doesn't say which basket!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, I'm pretty sure everypony knows you're not supposed to score in the other team's goal."
Quibble Pants says: "But the rules don't say that!"
Quibble Pants says: "If that goal is ours, it's only two-to-one, and we can keep playing."
Wind Sprint says: "I don't want to!"
Wind Sprint says: "You're not a sportspony!"
Wind Sprint says: "It's not fun playing this game with you!"
Quibble Pants says: "I was just..."
Quibble Pants says: "trying to get her to like me."
Clear Sky says: "I know!"
Clear Sky says: "But I told you you didn't need to."
Clear Sky says: "You and I have to rethink all of this."
Rainbow Dash says: "What are you doing out here?"
Quibble Pants says: "Apparently this book is as close to sports as I'll ever get."
Rainbow Dash says: "Come on."
Rainbow Dash says: "That goal you scored for the other team was amazing."
Quibble Pants says: "Thanks for trying, Rainbow Dash, but I think we can both agree the whole sportify idea was a big flop."
Rainbow Dash says: "What?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We haven't even gotten started!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I've got, like, seven more top-notch ideas to turn you into a super-sporty pony!"
Quibble Pants says: "Wind's already made up her mind, and so have I."
Quibble Pants says: "Time to throw up the towel."
Rainbow Dash says: "It's "throw in the towel"."
Rainbow Dash says: "And that's ridiculous!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You can't just give up!"
Quibble Pants says: "Wind and Sky deserve a pony they both like in their lives."
Quibble Pants says: "Besides, Sky wants to "rethink things", so I'm just beating her to the lunch."
Rainbow Dash says: "It's "beating her to the punch", and it's barely a sports reference."
Rainbow Dash says: "How do you not know that?"
Quibble Pants says: "Because..."
Quibble Pants says: "I!"
Quibble Pants says: "Don't!"
Quibble Pants says: "Know!"
Quibble Pants says: "Anything!"
Quibble Pants says: "About!"
Quibble Pants says: "Sports!"
Quibble Pants says: "And pretending I did just made things worse."
Rainbow Dash says: "So you should stop pretending!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Look, you are terrible at sports."
Rainbow Dash says: "You're uncoordinated, slow, weak—"
Quibble Pants says: "Okay, again, not really making me feel better."
Rainbow Dash says: "And you're completely clueless about anything having to do with athletics."
Rainbow Dash says: "But maybe I'm not the pony you should've come to for help."
Quibble Pants says: "Oh."
Wind Sprint says: "I wish we didn't even come here."
Clear Sky says: "Quibble thought you'd like it."
Wind Sprint says: "Well, I don't, and I don't like him."
Wind Sprint says: "Why do you like him?"
Clear Sky says: "Because he's kind, and smart, and his friends certainly seem to care about him, which is always a good sign."
Wind Sprint says: "I don't care how many ponies care about him."
Wind Sprint says: "They're not gonna make me forget about Dad."
Clear Sky says: "Oh, sweetheart."
Clear Sky says: "I know Quibble's trying too hard, but he doesn't want you to stop loving your dad."
Clear Sky says: "He just wants you to like him."
Clear Sky says: "And I think maybe there's enough room in your heart to do both."
Quibble Pants says: "Hey, there."
Quibble Pants says: "Glad I found you, because I have a confession to make."
Quibble Pants says: "I know it's hard to imagine, but I'm..."
Quibble Pants says: "really not all that sporty."
Clear Sky says: "No!"
Quibble Pants says: "I'm sorry I was trying so hard to convince you otherwise."
Quibble Pants says: "I just really wanted us to get along, but I guess it backfired."
Quibble Pants says: "Do you think we could start over?"
Quibble Pants says: "Maybe we could watch some of the tournament together, and you could teach me some sports stuff?"
Wind Sprint says: "Okay."
Wind Sprint says: "That's their ball."
Quibble Pants says: "I'll try to remember that if I ever decide to play buckball again."
Quibble Pants says: "But I probably won't."
Quibble Pants says: "Oh, look."
Quibble Pants says: "Pinkie Pie's gonna flip and triple bounce the ball into the goal."
Wind Sprint says: "How did you know that?"
Quibble Pants says: "It's right here."
Quibble Pants says: "Pinkie flips and triple-bounce bucks over eighty percent of her shots from the northwest section of the field when the wind is blowing from the east."
Wind Sprint says: "Huh."
Wind Sprint says: "I guess this book's kind of cool after all."
Quibble Pants says: "Look, Sky, I know you're thinking of calling it quits between us, and after today, I don't blame you."
Quibble Pants says: "But Wind and I just made a connection!"
Clear Sky says: "Calling it quits?"
Clear Sky says: "What are you talking about?"
Quibble Pants says: "You said you wanted to rethink things."
Clear Sky says: "Yeah!"
Clear Sky says: "Things like having your friend help you pretend to be a sportspony so Wind would like you."
Quibble Pants says: "Wha—"
Quibble Pants says: "I-I don't—"
Quibble Pants says: "I—"
Quibble Pants says: "Oh!"
Quibble Pants says: "I-I didn't..."
Quibble Pants says: "What?!"
Quibble Pants says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Say wha—"
Rainbow Dash says: "?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Wha..."
Rainbow Dash says: "?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Nah!"
Wind Sprint says: "Mom, look what Quibble showed me!"
Wind Sprint says: ""When Fluttershy flies higher than the other Pegasus, Pinkie scores ninety-two percent of the time," and it just happened!"
Clear Sky says: "Wow!"
Clear Sky says: "You better watch out, or you're gonna start to like books."
Wind Sprint says: "I guess that wouldn't be so bad."
Clear Sky says: "Huh."
Clear Sky says: "Looks like you didn't need sportiness, famous ponies, or lavish gifts to bond with Wind after all."
Rainbow Dash says: "Technically, he still needed to buy her the book, but that's it."