Pinkie Pie says: "Five hundred and sixty-six, five hundred and sixty-seven, five hundred and sixty-eight..."
Pinkie Pie says: "phew!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Look at that, Pound Cake!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I am so close to breaking my personal cupcake-icing record!"
Mrs. Cake says: "My goodness!"
Mrs. Cake says: "I can't believe what I'm seeing here!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Pretty impressive if I do say so myself."
Mrs. Cake says: "Pinkie, would you mind watching the counter while I pop to the supply room?"
Mrs. Cake says: "We've just received a very special order, and the ingredients need to be perfect."
Pinkie Pie says: "Okie-dokie-lokie."
Mrs. Cake says: "Thanks, dear!"
Pinkie Pie says: "A baby?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Shining Armor and Princess Cadance are having a baby?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "This is the best news ever!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I can't wait to tell Twilight!"
Mrs. Cake says: "Oh, em, Pinkie, uh..."
Mrs. Cake says: "it's a top secret surprise."
Pinkie Pie says: "A top secret surprise?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That means I have to keep the exciting news..."
Pinkie Pie says: "..."
Pinkie Pie says: "to myself!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Even though I didn't technically make a Pinkie Promise to Mrs."
Pinkie Pie says: "Cake, I can't tell Twilight or anypony the big news!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That would make me a..."
Pinkie Pie says: "a..."
Pinkie Pie says: "a big old surprise ruiner!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Right, Gummy?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Did you take that from Pound Cake again?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Don't you know it's wrong to steal from a baby?"
Rarity says: "What's all this about a baby?"
Pinkie Pie says: "What?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Who?"
Pinkie Pie says: "What?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Who said something about a baby?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Rarity says: "You did, Ms."
Rarity says: "Pie, just now."
Rarity says: "What were you talking about?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Great!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everypony's here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now I don't have to wait any longer to tell you all the wonderful news!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Somepony special is coming to visit Ponyville, and I need your help getting everything ready!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Shining Armor and Princess Cadance!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Shining Armor and Princess Cadance!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes, and they're coming—"
Pinkie Pie says: "Tomorrow!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Tomorrow!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes, on the—"
Pinkie Pie says: "Friendship Express rather than the Crystal Empire train so as not to cause too much of a scene when they skip town to come visit?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes."
Pinkie Pie says: "Annnnnd?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And that's it."
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh."
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, how did you know all that?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Uh..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Pinkie Sense?"
Rainbow Dash says: "So, you said you needed our help with something?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Follow me."
Rainbow Dash says: "Sweet posters!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Is that Smash Fortune?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It sure is!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "When Shining Armor said he wanted to come to the castle and visit, I started collecting things he liked when he was a colt as a surprise!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Surprise?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've been so excited that it's been hard to keep it to myself!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I have no idea what that's like!"
Fluttershy says: "Aww, look at the cute little ant farm!"
Spike says: "And check out all these old comic books!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Be careful!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "They're mint-in-bag!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What's this?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is Brutus Force."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Shining Armor used to carry him around like his baby!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yeah!"
Rarity says: "It is a bit juvenile for castle décor, but it is very sweet of you."
Fluttershy says: "I'm sure Shining Armor will love it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Me, too."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But there's a few more things I'd like to add before he gets here, and I could really use a hoof collecting them."
Applejack says: "Whatever you need, sugarcube, we'll help you get it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thanks, everypony!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just can't wait 'til they walk in and see everything!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Totally understandable."
Rainbow Dash says: "Watching somepony else be surprised with something is almost better than being the one who's getting the surprise!"
Pinkie Pie says: "But..."
Pinkie Pie says: "eh..."
Pinkie Pie says: "what if the surprise is something so incredibly exciting that a pony can't keep it in any longer, and she has to tell the pony standing next to her what it is or she might explode?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "I would say..."
Fluttershy says: "no."
Rarity says: "The pony who ruins a surprise for somepony else has to live with that guilt forever!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Gotta bounce!"
Rainbow Dash says: "So, I know the bar is set pretty high, but does anypony else think Pinkie Pie was acting weirder than usual?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Phew, that was close!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Too close."
Pinkie Pie says: "I almost spilled the beans."
Pinkie Pie says: "Beans that would be really hard to clean up!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I obviously can't be around my friends right now."
Pinkie Pie says: "Or anypony for that matter!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hmmm..."
Pinkie Pie says: "That's it!"
Pinkie Pie says: "If Shining Armor and Cadance are coming tomorrow, then all I have to do is lock myself in my room away from everypony until they arrive!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Then I won't ruin anything!"
Mr. Cake says: "Oh, good, you're back!"
Mr. Cake says: "Mrs."
Mr. Cake says: "Cake needs my help, but these deliveries can't wait!"
Mr. Cake says: "I can't thank you enough for agreeing to be my backup delivery pony, Pinkie!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I..."
Pinkie Pie says: "did?"
Mr. Cake says: "Maybe I should hire somepony to be my backup delivery pony."
Pinkie Pie says: "I'll do it!"
Mr. Cake says: "Really?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Sure!"
Pinkie Pie says: "There's no possible way that I could ever have anything that might interfere with doing that task, like a gigantic, emotionally exhausting surprise that would make it super hard to be around other ponies."
Mr. Cake says: "Great!"
Mr. Cake says: "Uh, you're sure you won't change your mind?"
Pinkie Pie says: "No way!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Cross my heart and hope to fly, stick a cupcake in my eye!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, yeah."
Pinkie Pie says: "I Pinkie Promised I'd do it."
Pinkie Pie says: "And I never break a Pinkie Promise!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Never!"
Mr. Cake says: "Well, thanks again!"
Mr. Cake says: "You're a real cake-saver!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hm."
Pinkie Pie says: "Maybe it'll be a quiet day and I can just avoid everypony!"
Apple Bloom says: "Hiya, Pinkie Pie!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Heard any good gossip today?"
Scootaloo says: "Yeah, we're bored."
Scootaloo says: "Please say you have some interesting news."
Pinkie Pie says: "Nope!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ugh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Fluttershy, what a surprise!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I mean, not a surprise!"
Fluttershy says: "You were in such a rush earlier."
Fluttershy says: "Twilight wanted me to ask you if you would bring some snacks to the castle for Shining Armor and Cadance's visit."
Pinkie Pie says: "Definitely!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Got it!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Pinkie Promise!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yeah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Heh."
Fluttershy says: "You know, maybe some baby carrots..."
Pinkie Pie says: "What did you say?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "Baby carrots!"
Fluttershy says: "They're Shining Armor's favorite."
Pinkie Pie says: "Mine too!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Baby carrots are kinda like big carrots but smaller, kinda like how foals are tiny versions of their parents but smaller and cuter and—"
Pinkie Pie says: "Albino squirrel!"
Fluttershy says: "Where?"
Fluttershy says: "Is it Albert?"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's time to kick this operation into hyper-hoof and avoid all ponies by any means necessary!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It didn't feel good ignoring my friends like that..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Maybe I can tell just one little pony the surprise?"
Rarity says: "The pony who ruins a surprise for somepony else has to live with that guilt forever!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You're right, spooky-reflection-of-Rarity-that-I-know-is-actually-my-own-imagination."
Pinkie Pie says: "I can't tell anypony at all!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Then they would tell Twilight, and she wouldn't be surprised, and it would be all my fault."
Pinkie Pie says: "Finally, I'm all aloney on my owney."
Pinkie Pie says: "Wow, great idea!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm starving too!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What are you having, Gummy?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, no!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's the list that Twilight helped me make yesterday so I wouldn't forget all of my Pinkie Promises today!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And I have three more things to do!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Aw, four if you count bringing those snacks to Twilight's castle!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I've been getting liberal with those Pinkie Promises lately..."
Sweetie Belle says: "Ooh!"
Sweetie Belle says: "I want a flamingo!"
Apple Bloom says: "I want a goldfish!"
Scootaloo says: "Surprise me!"
Scootaloo says: "Is that a..."
Scootaloo says: "baby bottle?"
Pinkie Pie says: "No!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's a..."
Pinkie Pie says: "a..."
Pinkie Pie says: "puppy!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ha ha, woof woof, ha ha!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Eh..."
Scootaloo says: "Are you sure?"
Scootaloo says: "Because it looks like a—"
Pinkie Pie says: "Next!"
Featherweight says: "Uh, a baby pony, please!"
Featherweight says: "Uh, unless of course that would be a royal pain..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Interesting choice of words, Featherweight."
Featherweight says: "Was it?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I don't know."
Pinkie Pie says: "Was it?"
Featherweight says: "Uh, maybe you'd better just make me a giraffe."
Mayor Mare says: "My, your friends weren't kidding when they said you had a great filing system, Pinkie!"
Mayor Mare says: "You are Ponyville's best kept secret!"
Pinkie Pie says: "No, I'm not!"
Mayor Mare says: "Speaking of secrets, have you ever known somepony else's secret?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Noooooo..."
Mayor Mare says: "A surprise that was so big and exciting that it was all you could think about?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Nope!"
Mayor Mare says: "Me neither..."
"Wooden Legs" says: "That's just what I wanted."
"Wooden Legs" says: "Thanks, Pinkie!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You're welcome!"
"Wooden Legs" says: "Oh, by the way, can you help spread the word about the big crib sale I'm having?"
Pinkie Pie says: ""Treat your foal like..."
Pinkie Pie says: "royalty"?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
"Wooden Legs" says: "Pretty good slogan, huh?"
"Wooden Legs" says: "I came up with it all by myself!"
"Wooden Legs" says: "Oh."
"Wooden Legs" says: "I thought it was clever."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Those look yummy, Pinkie!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Let me help you!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But we better cover them up so they don't get spoiled."
Pinkie Pie says: "Why would they get spoiled?"
Pinkie Pie says: "We're all gonna eat them super soon!"
Applejack says: "Oh, didn't anypony tell you?"
Applejack says: "Shining Armor and Cadance are held up."
Applejack says: "They may not arrive 'til Saturday."
Pinkie Pie says: "Whaaaaaaaaaat?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "another whole day?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I don't know if I can!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie Pie, do you have something you need to say?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You seem like you've been keeping something in."
Fluttershy says: "We're here to listen."
Applejack says: "Well, go on then, sugarcube."
Rarity says: "We're not going to judge you, darling."
Spike says: "You'll feel so much better once you get it off your chest!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Come on."
Rainbow Dash says: "Whatever it is, you can tell us!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We're best friends!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Friends!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Friends!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Friends!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Tell!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Tell!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Tell!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Tell!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Tell!"
Main cast sans Pinkie Pie says: "Friends!"
Main cast sans Pinkie Pie says: "Friends!"
Main cast sans Pinkie Pie says: "Friends!"
Main cast sans Pinkie Pie says: "Tell!"
Main cast sans Pinkie Pie says: "Tell!"
Main cast sans Pinkie Pie says: "Tell!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Okay, okay, you win!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Shining Armor and Cadance are gonna have a—"
Shining Armor says: "An awesome weekend with the best little sister in all of Equestria!"
Princess Cadance says: "Hi, everypony."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Shining Armor, Cadance!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're early!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I thought something had come up and you weren't gonna make it until Saturday!"
Princess Cadance says: "So did we."
Princess Cadance says: "Turned out we weren't needed in Maretonia until next week."
Princess Cadance says: "And the summit we were supposed to attend today had to be rescheduled, so..."
Princess Cadance says: "we got here even sooner than planned!"
Shining Armor says: "Surprise!"
Princess Cadance says: "It's wonderful to see you all again!"
Applejack says: "Well, the pleasure's all ours, Princess."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm so glad you're here!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I have a big surprise for you!"
Shining Armor says: "Oh, yeah?"
Shining Armor says: "Lucky we came when we did, huh?"
Shining Armor says: "I'm guessing you saw the scroll we sent to Mr."
Shining Armor says: "and Mrs."
Shining Armor says: "Cake?"
Shining Armor says: "Hey, I'm impressed you've been able to keep our secret this long!"
Pinkie Pie says: "So you're gonna tell Twilight now?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Shining Armor says: "You're gonna have to wait just a little bit longer."
Shining Armor says: "We have something special planned."
Shining Armor says: "It'll be worth it, I promise."
Pinkie Pie says: "It'd better be."
Applejack says: "So, do you think Shining Armor liked his surprise?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Didn't you see him?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "He couldn't stop raving about it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Where did Shining Armor and Cadance say they'd meet us?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm starving!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "In the town square."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I wish they'd waited to walk over with us, but they said they had something to take care of first!"
Pinkie Pie says: "They're gonna have a lot more to take care of soon..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Nothiiiiiiing!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's odd."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Usually they're quite punctual."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ughhh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I need a hayburger in my belly right now!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What's this?"
Rarity says: "What does it say?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "A scavenger hunt!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Shining Armor used to set these up for me when I was a filly!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "At the end, there was always a big prize, like a new book, or several new books, or—"
Pinkie Pie says: "We get the picture!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You like books!"
Applejack says: "So what's the first clue?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I hope it's something about eating lunch!"
Pinkie Pie says: ""You've got a scroll, you're on a roll, why don't you take a peek where young ones spend their week?"
Pinkie Pie says: "A piece of paper will continue this caper."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've got it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: ""Where the young ones spend their week."
Applejack says: "I'm not quite followin'."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's the Ponyville Schoolhouse!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Good enough for me!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Now where's the next clue?"
Featherweight says: "Extra, extra!"
Featherweight says: "Get your Ponyville news!"
Featherweight says: "Read it in the paper!"
Featherweight says: "Extra, extra!"
Twilight Sparkle says: ""A piece of paper will continue this caper."
Twilight Sparkle says: ""  It's in the Foal Free Press!"
Rarity says: "Ooh, look at that dress Mayor Mare is wearing in the social report!"
Rarity says: "Why, it's stunning!"
Applejack says: "Uh, didn't you make that, Rarity?"
Rarity says: "Yes, what is your point?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Focus, everypony!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You know, there's really no time limit on these scavenger hunts, Pinkie."
Pinkie Pie says: "Aha!"
Pinkie Pie says: "There!"
Twilight Sparkle says: ""Though this hall is rather small, in it you'll find files of all kinds."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Take a look on the back of the birth certificate of Applejack."
Applejack says: "I don't like where this is goin'."
Mayor Mare says: "Baby!"
Mayor Mare says: "A royal ba—"
Mayor Mare says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "A-hem?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Does anypony know where the birth certificates are kept?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I do, I do!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Go down that hall, then you take a left, then a right, then another right, then a slight left, and it's the third door from the right!"
Fluttershy says: "Wow, Pinkie."
Fluttershy says: "I never knew you knew so much about town hall."
Pinkie Pie says: "There's a lot of things I know!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That you don't know I know!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, you're so cute."
Twilight Sparkle says: ""This next place is where you can buy a table or chair, or some comfy beds to rest little heads"?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ugh, really?"
Pinkie Pie says: "None of you?"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's obviously the furniture store!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Go in, go in, go in!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Daagh, fine!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Wow, you're scary good at this, Pinkie Pie."
Pinkie Pie says: ""It seems we've saved the best for last."
Pinkie Pie says: "We hope that you have had a blast."
Pinkie Pie says: "Now it's time to take a break where you can get a slice of cake!"
Main cast sans Pinkie Pie says: "Sugarcube Corner!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That was an easy one."
Shining Armor says: "Surprise!"
Shining Armor says: "Twily, did you like the scavenger hunt?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It was perfect!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just like old times, except even better because this time I got to share it with my best friends!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "There's just one thing missing, isn't there?"
Shining Armor says: "What's that?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Mmmm, the book prize at the end!"
Shining Armor says: "There's still a prize, but it's a little different this time."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't understand."
Princess Cadance says: "All the places we sent you today had something in common."
Twilight Sparkle says: "First we went to the schoolhouse..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And then we read the Foal Free Press..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "After that we found Applejack's birth certificate..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And then the last clue was under a crib."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hmmm..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "School..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "foal..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "birth certificate..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "and crib..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Can it be?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you two..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Princess Cadance says: "We're having a baby!"
Shining Armor says: "We're having a baby!"
Pinkie Pie says: "A baby, Twilight!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's a baby!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Woo-hoo!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You mean..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm going to be an aunt?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is the best prize ever!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, I love you guys!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And I can't wait to meet your little foal!"
Shining Armor says: "Neither can we."
Pinkie Pie says: "I did it, I did it, I did it, I did it!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Go, Pinkie."
Princess Cadance says: "You did it, Pinkie Pie!"
Princess Cadance says: "You kept it a surprise!"
Princess Cadance says: "Thank you!"
Princess Cadance says: "Was it much trouble?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Piece of cake!"