Rainbow Dash says: "Hey, Applejack!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Whatcha doin'?"
Applejack says: "Whoa!"
Applejack says: "Oof!"
Applejack says: "Ugh!"
Applejack says: "Well, I was practicin' my distance buckin'."
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, distance bucking?"
Rainbow Dash says: "What for?"
Applejack says: "Because Cousin Braeburn and the rest of the Apple family in Appleloosa seem to think that their team can beat Ponyville at buckball."
Rainbow Dash says: "What?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ha!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That's ridiculous!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Nopony beats Ponyville!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I mean, I could beat the whole town of Appleloosa at buckball with one wing tied behind my back!"
Applejack says: "So I can count on ya to join the Ponyville buckball team?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, yeah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I am so there!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I've just got one question."
Applejack says: "Hmm?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "what's buckball?"
Rainbow Dash says: "So, basically, buckball is the coolest game ever."
Rainbow Dash says: "Offense, defense, teamwork, nonstop action!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's got it all!"
Fluttershy says: "Wow, Rainbow Dash."
Fluttershy says: "You sure seem to know a lot about this game."
Fluttershy says: "I've never even heard of..."
Fluttershy says: "buckball."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, I'm kind of an expert."
Applejack says: "Hmph."
Applejack says: "An expert who hadn't heard of the game either until I told you."
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, it's a new game."
Rainbow Dash says: "I probably know more than most ponies, so that makes me an expert."
Pinkie Pie says: "I don't know anything about it at all."
Pinkie Pie says: "But it sounds like there's a ball and bucking, so I'm betting it's super duper fun!"
Applejack says: "The point is, my cousin Braeburn somehow convinced a Pegasus and a unicorn to come play with him on the Appleloosa team, and he can't stop braggin' about how his team is gonna beat ours!"
Fluttershy says: "But, um, we don't have a team."
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, between Applejack and me, we've got two-thirds of a team."
Rainbow Dash says: "All we need is a unicorn."
Rainbow Dash says: "That's where you two come in."
Pinkie Pie says: "Uh..."
Pinkie Pie says: "they know we're not unicorns, right?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, obviously."
Rainbow Dash says: "You're gonna be on my team, and Fluttershy is gonna be on Applejack's team."
Applejack says: "We'll play against each other along with whatever unicorns want to try out until we find the best one."
Pinkie Pie says: "Ohhhh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Phew!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That's a relief because I left my unicorn costume at home!"
Applejack says: "I know a lot of you are here because I told you what an amazin' game buckball is."
Applejack says: "And even though it's already an Apple family favorite, most o' you probably don't know anything about it."
Applejack says: "So I thought we'd give you a quick demonstration."
Applejack says: "The two Earth ponies are on offense."
Applejack says: "They meet in the middle of the field for the buckoff."
Applejack says: "They both try to be the first one to kick it."
Rainbow Dash says: "And the Pegasus is on defense."
Rainbow Dash says: "She tries to keep the ball from going in the goal and passes it back to the Earth pony on her team."
Rainbow Dash says: "Just give it a little kick, Pinkie."
Pinkie Pie says: "Yaah!"
Fluttershy says: "Aah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ohhh."
Pinkie Pie says: "I get it."
Applejack says: "And all the unicorns have to do is float these here baskets around the outside of the field and catch as many balls as possible for their team."
Applejack says: "You two get the idea?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Absolutely!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I don't know."
Fluttershy says: "That ball moves pretty fast."
Rainbow Dash says: "All right."
Rainbow Dash says: "Now let's see which of you has what it takes."
"Crimson Heart" says: "Um, what do I do?"
Rainbow Dash says: "When the ball comes towards you, catch it."
Applejack says: "Okay, just try your best, Pinkie."
Applejack says: "I have been doin' this a lot longer than you."
Pinkie Pie says: "Aah!"
Applejack says: "Nice kick."
Fluttershy says: "Oh."
Fluttershy says: "Whoa, whoa, whoa."
Fluttershy says: "Whoa!"
Fluttershy says: "Whee!"
Applejack says: "Great save, Fluttershy!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Coming your way, Pinkie!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Somersault kick!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hey, this game is easy!"
Fluttershy says: "Ooh!"
Fluttershy says: "It actually is kinda fun!"
Applejack says: "Where did Pinkie Pie learn to buck like that?"
Rainbow Dash says: "And Fluttershy's spinning tail catch is pretty amazing."
Applejack says: "Um..."
Applejack says: "okay."
Applejack says: "Well, let's see what the rest of you can do."
Applejack says: "Now, don't expect to be able to beat me twice in a row."
Fluttershy says: "Well, hello there, Mr."
Fluttershy says: "Ball."
Fluttershy says: "Whee!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hiya!"
Fluttershy says: "Hurry along, butterflies, before that ball comes and hits you."
Sea Swirl says: "Aah!"
Applejack says: "Nope."
Applejack says: "Um..."
Applejack says: "okay."
Applejack says: "Let's see what the rest of you can do."
Rainbow Dash says: "Nope."
Applejack says: "Definitely not."
Rainbow Dash says: "No."
Applejack says: "Not a chance."
Rainbow Dash says: "No."
Applejack says: "Nope."
Rainbow Dash says: "Aaaand..."
Rainbow Dash says: "no."
Rainbow Dash says: "This didn't go how I thought it would."
Pinkie Pie says: "Whee!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whee!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ha ha!"
Applejack says: "It sure didn't."
Fluttershy says: "This game is a whole lot more fun than I thought it would be."
Pinkie Pie says: "It's exactly as much fun as I thought it would be!"
Pinkie Pie says: "A whole bunch!"
Snails.
Carryin' my water.
My water, my water.
Carryin' my water.
On my shoulder pole.
Pinkie Pie says: "Snails!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Look out!"
Snails says: "Hmm?"
Applejack says: "Amazing!"
Snails says: "You should be more careful with these."
Snails says: "You could lose them."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey, Snails, can you float one of those baskets over here?"
Snails says: "Hmm?"
Snails says: "Sure."
Snails says: "What do you want me to do with it?"
Applejack says: "Catch!"
Snails says: "Anything else?"
Fluttershy says: "Wow, Snails."
Fluttershy says: "You're a natural at buckball."
Pinkie Pie says: "It's a good thing, too."
Pinkie Pie says: "We were running out of unicorns."
Fluttershy says: "Do you think you'll be ready to play with Applejack and Rainbow Dash against the Appleloosa team?"
Snails says: "I guess I'll find out."
Snails says: "Plus, after I deliver this water, I don't really have anything else to do."
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, Snails, with you on the team, Ponyville is one step closer to crushing Appleloosa!"
Applejack says: "Huh."
Applejack says: "And after today, it's pretty clear who the other two players should be."
Fluttershy says: "W-What do you mean?"
Fluttershy says: "I thought you and Dash were gonna play."
Pinkie Pie says: "Yeah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "If you're not crushing Appleloosa, who is?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, you two, obviously!"
Fluttershy says: "Um, you want us to play buckball against Appleloosa instead of you?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Mm-hmm."
Pinkie Pie says: "That's "uncredible"!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Unbelievable and incredible?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Come on!"
Applejack says: "I can't explain it, but you two are really good at this game."
Applejack says: "And if it means beatin' Appleloosa, I'll give either one of you my spot on the team quicker than Granny Smith can core an apple."
Rainbow Dash says: "Me, too."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'd normally be so pumped all of Ponyville was counting on me to win, I'd run right over the competition."
Rainbow Dash says: "But you still flew rings around me."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I'm sorry."
Fluttershy says: "I was just having fun."
Applejack says: "Well, you can have all the fun you want as long as it's while you're beatin' the hide off of Braeburn's team."
Pinkie Pie says: "I do like fun!"
Fluttershy says: "Honestly, the game was a little scary at first, but once I got the hang of it, I had a pretty good time."
Pinkie Pie says: "Let's get this party started!"
Applejack says: "All right."
Applejack says: "But if we really wanna beat Appleloosa, we're gonna have to get serious."
Fluttershy says: "Serious?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Serious how?"
Applejack says: "With serious practice!"
Fluttershy says: "Wow."
Fluttershy says: "This looks pretty intense."
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, duh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You two are gonna be representing all of Ponyville."
Rainbow Dash says: "And, more importantly, us!"
Applejack says: "That's why, before we leave for Appleloosa tomorrow, you two are gonna practice just as hard as we would."
Rainbow Dash says: "So let's hop to it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Snails already has a head start on you!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay, if you wanna win, you totally gotta get this drill down!"
Fluttershy says: "I-I-I do?"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's all about ball control."
Fluttershy says: "Whoa!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ready?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Go!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Come on!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Faster!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You don't want Ponyville to lose because you can't get into high gear, do you?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "Whoa!"
Fluttershy says: "Ugh!"
Applejack says: "All right."
Applejack says: "Bein' able to buck a ball into a goal from any direction is the most important thing in the game."
Pinkie Pie says: "Eh, if you say so."
Pinkie Pie says: "Whee!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whee!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whee!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whoopee!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Woo-hoo!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whee!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Woo-hoo!"
Applejack says: "Keep it up!"
Applejack says: "Just one miss'll ruin the Apple family's buckball reputation forever!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whoa!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whoops."
Rainbow Dash says: "Come on!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Push!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Push!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Push!"
Applejack says: "Come on, now!"
Applejack says: "Every shot is for Sweet Apple Acres!"
Applejack says: "And me!"
Applejack says: "And Dash!"
Applejack says: "And all of Ponyville!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whoa!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Uhh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ow."
Rainbow Dash says: "Faster!"
Fluttershy says: "Whoa!"
Applejack says: "Come on now!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Wh-Wh-Whoa!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Come on!"
Fluttershy says: "Aah!"
Applejack says: "Keep it up!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whoa!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Come on!"
Applejack says: "What in the apple happened to those two?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I don't know."
Rainbow Dash says: "They mopped the field with us before."
Applejack says: "All right!"
Applejack says: "That's it for today, y'all!"
Fluttershy says: "Phew!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Phew!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I thought practice was supposed to make us better."
Fluttershy says: "Maybe we just need a little rest."
Rainbow Dash says: "Or a whole lot of it."
Applejack says: "Just be sure to get your heads in the game before tomorrow."
Applejack says: "All of Ponyville is countin' on a win."
Fluttershy says: "I really don't want to let Applejack and Rainbow Dash down, or anypony else, but after that practice, I'm not feeling very confident."
Pinkie Pie says: "Maybe we weren't that bad!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I guess I was hoping you saw something I didn't."
Fluttershy says: "I know our friends want us to win, but how can the whole town be counting on us if most ponies have never even heard of buckball?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I know!"
Pinkie Pie says: "How can we disappoint a pony who doesn't even know we have a team?"
Fluttershy says: "Or that we're gonna play Appleloosa?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Pfft."
Pinkie Pie says: "Yeah."
Pinkie Pie says: "I don't think we need to worry."
Pinkie Pie says: "I'd be surprised if anypony in this town cares about this game at all."
Crowd says: "Go, Ponyville!"
Crowd says: "Go, Ponyville!"
Crowd says: "Win, win, win!"
Crowd says: "Woo-hoo!"
Crowd says: "Ponyville!"
Crowd says: "Way to go!"
Snails says: "Whoa."
Snails says: "The whole town really seems to care about this game a lot."
Rainbow Dash says: "Heh."
Rainbow Dash says: "We kinda went around town and talked up the team a little."
Applejack says: "Yup!"
Applejack says: "We wanted to make sure you two knew that all of Ponyville was behind you!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Greaaaaat..."
Applejack says: "I hear the whole town's already plannin' a parade for when you get back after whuppin' Appleloosa!"
Applejack says: "That should feel pretty good!"
Fluttershy says: "It should..."
Fluttershy says: "?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Totally!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Just spend the whole ride to Appleloosa thinking about everypony cheering for the victorious Ponyville buckball team!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I bet Princess Celestia even comes to congratulate you!"
Rainbow Dash says: "If that doesn't get you in "the zone", I don't know what will!"
Fluttershy says: "I don't know what zone Rainbow Dash is talking about, but I'm pretty sure I don't want to be in it."
Fluttershy says: "Do you?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You two are supposed to be in the zone!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You see..."
Pinkie Pie says: "the thing is..."
Pinkie Pie says: "thinking about everypony..."
Pinkie Pie says: "thinking about us..."
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Aah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "There's just no way to..."
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "There's no way that we can get in the zone, because the zone sounds like a horrible place since we are terrible at buckball and we are going to lose and let everypony down and we don't want to play anymore!"
Snails says: "I'm still okay with playing, in case you were worried."
Rainbow Dash says: "I don't get it."
Rainbow Dash says: "They're naturals!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Why wouldn't they want to play anymore?"
Applejack says: "Maybe us telling them how much everypony was countin' on them messed them up somehow."
Rainbow Dash says: "What?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That's crazy talk!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Having ponies depend on you is exactly what you need to focus!"
Rainbow Dash says: "And—"
Applejack says: "Get serious and play hard and—"
Rainbow Dash says: "Get ready to totally smash the competition, and—"
Rainbow Dash says: "and..."
Rainbow Dash says: "none of that sounds like Pinkie or Fluttershy, does it?"
Applejack says: "Guess not."
Applejack says: "We got so wrapped up in what's important to us, we went and ruined what was fun about the game for them."
Rainbow Dash says: "What do we do now?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Pinkie?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Fluttershy?"
Applejack says: "We know you're in here!"
Applejack says: "We've looked in every other car on the train!"
Fluttershy says: "Maybe you need to look again!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yeah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Because..."
Pinkie Pie says: "we're totally not in here!"
Fluttershy says: "And we're definitely not in here if you're gonna try and make us play against Appleloosa!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Or anypony else!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh..."
Fluttershy says: "we're sorry to let you down."
Fluttershy says: "But it's better to do it now than during the game against Appleloosa."
Rainbow Dash says: "You don't have to play against Appleloosa."
Fluttershy says: "We don't?"
Applejack says: "Nope."
Applejack says: "We're gonna take your place."
Applejack says: "So you don't have to worry about that at all."
Pinkie Pie says: "Why didn't you say so?"
Rainbow Dash says: "But..."
Rainbow Dash says: "we can't take on Braeburn and his team without any practice."
Rainbow Dash says: "So we need you to play just one more time."
Applejack says: "Against us."
Applejack says: "Now I know we mixed up the teams before, but since Dash and I really need the practice, we'll play against the two of you."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I don't know how much practice you'll get against us."
Fluttershy says: "We've been playing just awful."
Rainbow Dash says: "Don't worry about it."
Rainbow Dash says: "Applejack and I just need a little workout."
Applejack says: "Yup."
Applejack says: "You two just do your best."
Pinkie Pie says: "I can do that!"
Applejack says: "Ahem."
Fluttershy says: "Huh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh!"
Fluttershy says: "Looks like you two really do need practice!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hee-hee!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ha!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whee!"
Fluttershy says: "If you need more practice, we can keep going."
Pinkie Pie says: "Yeah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I could do this all day!"
Rainbow Dash says: "No, thanks."
Rainbow Dash says: "Playing against you two is just as humiliating now as it was when we weren't trying to show you how awesome you are."
Pinkie Pie says: "Wait..."
Pinkie Pie says: "what?"
Snails says: "Finally!"
Applejack says: "You must've noticed how you aren't bad anymore."
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, yeah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Weird!"
Fluttershy says: "But, um, why were we so terrible before?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I guess some ponies thrive on pressure and some ponies don't."
Rainbow Dash says: "And even though we weren't playing, we were treating you like us, which totally stressed you out."
Applejack says: "And that just sucked the fun right out of the game for you."
Rainbow Dash says: "And having fun is what makes you really, really, really good!"
Fluttershy says: "But being good doesn't matter if we're too afraid of letting ponies down."
Pinkie Pie says: "Yeah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What about all those ponies back in Ponyville counting on us to win?"
Applejack says: "I'm sure folks want you to win, but not if worrying about it makes you miserable."
Applejack says: "Winning's never worth that."
Fluttershy says: "But how do we keep from worrying about it?"
Snails says: "You could do what I do and not think about it."
Snails says: "Seriously."
Snails says: "I don't think about anything."
Snails says: "Ever."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hm."
Pinkie Pie says: "Works for me!"
Announcer says: "And with another bouncing goal from Pinkie Pie, the score is tied!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You guys are amazing!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Braeburn is really good!"
Fluttershy says: "So is that Pegasus."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I don't know if we can win."
Snails says: "You know what I would do?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Not think about it?"
Snails says: "Not think a—"
Snails says: "Oh, yeah."
Snails says: "That."
Applejack says: "Ha."
Applejack says: "And as long as you're havin' fun, it doesn't matter if you win or not."
Pinkie Pie says: "I think it's more fun this way!"
Announcer says: "And Pinkie wins the buckoff!"
Announcer says: "But her shot's rejected!"
Announcer says: "Back to Braeburn, whose kick's stopped by another Fluttershy save!"
Announcer says: "Next point wins."
Announcer says: "Lots of tense back and forth here."
Announcer says: "Fluttershy unleashes her patented spin move, but Braeburn's there to—"
Announcer says: "No!"
Announcer says: "It's Pinkie with a somersault kick!"
Announcer says: "What a move!"
Announcer says: "And that's the game!"
Announcer says: "Ponyville wins!"
Crowd says: "Ponyville!"
Crowd says: "Ponyville!"
Crowd says: "Ponyville!"
Crowd says: "Ponyville!"
Crowd says: "Ponyville!"
Crowd says: "Ponyville!"
Crowd says: "Ponyville!"
Applejack says: "Huh."
Applejack says: "Looks like you three made quite an impression!"
Braeburn says: "Well, cousin, I have to admit."
Braeburn says: "Your Ponyville team played a pretty good game."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Good game?"
Rainbow Dash says: "We bucked the hooves right off of you!"
Braeburn says: "Yup, you sure as shootin' did."
Braeburn says: "I'm gonna have to get real serious about a strategy for our rematch."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I wouldn't get too serious."
Pinkie Pie says: "Yeah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Everypony knows the secret to good buckball is just having fun!"