Mrs. Shy says: "We're so happy you could come have lunch with your father and me, Fluttershy."
Fluttershy says: "I'm so glad you asked."
Rainbow Dash says: "And it was super awesome of you to invite me too!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Things have been so busy with the Wonderbolts lately, it's great to get a chance to relax someplace quiet."
Mr. Shy says: "That's exactly what I intend to do now that I've retired."
Mr. Shy says: "In fact, I converted the back house to showcase my cloud collection."
Mr. Shy says: "I have my clouds, your mom has her flowers, you've got your animals, and your brother..."
Mrs. Shy says: "Zephyr Breeze has his..."
Mrs. Shy says: "interests."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'll say!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Remember when he was convinced square clouds were gonna be the next big thing?"
Mrs. Shy says: "He's matured a lot since then."
Mr. Shy says: "Actually, it's funny you bring Zephyr up..."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, no!"
Fluttershy says: "Not again!"
Mrs. Shy says: "It's just for a little while, dear."
Mrs. Shy says: "'Til he gets back on his hooves."
Rainbow Dash says: "Wait, you don't mean—"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Guess who's home!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "That's right, big sis, it's your one and only favorite little brother, moi."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Hi, Flutterbutter!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "How's the bestest big sister ever?"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Hey, where's the love?"
Zephyr Breeze says: "How about a little excitement to see your baby brother?"
Fluttershy says: "I'm just surprised."
Fluttershy says: "When you left, you said mane therapy was your calling."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Oh, it is, sis, it is."
Zephyr Breeze says: "You would not believe how much stress ponies hold in their manes."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Everything gets limp and unmanageable."
Zephyr Breeze says: "No offense, but brushing alone won't solve the problem."
Fluttershy says: "What went wrong?"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Nothing went wrong, per se."
Zephyr Breeze says: "It's just the powers that be were so locked into their required styles, and you know me."
Zephyr Breeze says: "I've got my own style!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "And I think they were a little threatened."
Mrs. Shy says: "O-Oh, this is..."
Mrs. Shy says: "lovely, dear."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Welllll, if it ain't Rainbows "The Best Flyer There Ever Was" Dash!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, this ought to be good."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Sorry, I shouldn't tease you."
Zephyr Breeze says: "I know the whole super awesome flyer bit's just to impress me."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Still, thanks for showing up for my homecoming."
Zephyr Breeze says: "It's, it's sweet."
Zephyr Breeze says: "I kinda thought there'd be more ponies here."
Zephyr Breeze says: "I mean, what about your party planner friend, um..."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Sprinkle Pie!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "She could've turned this into a real house partay, am I right?"
Zephyr Breeze says: "I mean, this place could use it."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Drab!"
Mrs. Shy says: "Heh."
Mrs. Shy says: "I-I, eh..."
Mr. Shy says: "We have been meaning to redecorate..."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Dad, please."
Zephyr Breeze says: "When I get all my stuff back in here, you won't even remember what this boring old place looked like!"
Fluttershy says: "Um, Mom, Dad, can I talk to you for a second?"
Mrs. Shy says: "What is it, honey?"
Fluttershy says: "I'm not so sure letting Zephyr move back home is a good idea."
Fluttershy says: "I know you both want to help, but don't you remember last time?"
Mrs. Shy says: "Zephyr's just trying to find his place, dear."
Fluttershy says: "I know."
Fluttershy says: "It just seems like his place always ends up being your place."
Fluttershy says: "And then he sort of makes you do everything for him!"
Mr. Shy says: "Well, we may not be as bold as you, Fluttershy, but don't you worry."
Mr. Shy says: "We know how to stand up for ourselves."
Zephyr Breeze says: "And they were all like, "We love your free spirit, Zeph!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "And it would be wrong to cage that!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Go follow your dreams!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Zeph was just telling me all about the ins and outs of mane therapy school."
Zephyr Breeze says: "It's all so political."
Zephyr Breeze says: "I just could not take it!"
Fluttershy says: "Well, maybe if you stuck with it for more than a few weeks..."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Sorry, sis, but when something's not the right fit, this pony's gotta fly!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Anyway, good talk, Rainbows."
Zephyr Breeze says: "I am so touched you came to see me, really."
Zephyr Breeze says: "I hate to deprive you of my presence, but this breeze needs his Z's."
Rainbow Dash says: "You know it's the middle of the day, right?"
Zephyr Breeze says: "I know."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Thanks."
Rainbow Dash says: "Same old Zeph."
Rainbow Dash says: "I know you weren't expecting to see your brother, but you've been kind of quiet, even for you."
Fluttershy says: "I'm sorry, but I am just so..."
Fluttershy says: "so..."
Fluttershy says: "peeved right now!"
Fluttershy says: "Excuse my language!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Rainbow Dash!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Fluttershy!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's me, Pinkie Pie!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Your friend!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, um, sorry about that."
Rainbow Dash says: "We just had lunch with Fluttershy's parents, and you'll never guess who showed up."
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Mayor Mare?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Cranky Doodle Donkey?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Cheese Sandwich?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ms."
Pinkie Pie says: "Harshwhinny?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Zephyr Breeze."
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, that makes more sense."
Applejack says: "And from the look on your face, I'm guessin' it's for another one of his "extended stays"?"
Rainbow Dash says: "She's a bit peeved."
Fluttershy says: "Zephyr's my brother, and I love him."
Fluttershy says: "But he's never learned to do anything for himself."
Fluttershy says: "I don't know why my parents keep letting him trot all over them!"
Applejack says: "Well, if your parents won't stand up for themselves, maybe you need to stand up for them."
Fluttershy says: "You know, you're right!"
Fluttershy says: "Zephyr Breeze!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Oh, hey, sis."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Come to see me work my magic and turn this place from drab to fab, huh?"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Well, watch and learn!"
Fluttershy says: "Can't you see what you're doing?!"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Yeah!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "I'm getting rid of this old stuff so I can turn the backhouse into my art studio!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "I've decided I'm gonna be a sculptor!"
Fluttershy says: "I'm talking about Mom's flowers!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "She's gonna move them so I can have my meditation patio here."
Zephyr Breeze says: "She loves replanting stuff."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Don't you, Mom?"
Fluttershy says: "And Dad's been collecting his favorite bits of cloud from the factory since before you were born."
Mr. Shy says: "The very best from every production run since my first day on the job."
Mr. Shy says: "Ah!"
Mr. Shy says: "But why hold onto the past really?"
Fluttershy says: "You can't just fly in and change everything Mom and Dad have built here."
Zephyr Breeze says: "But this is the only place big enough for my studio/meditation garden."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Ooh!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Unless I do it in the living room!"
Fluttershy says: "I know speaking up for yourself can be hard, believe me, but Zephyr will never stand on his own if he can lean on you."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Don't be so dramatic, sis!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Mom and Dad just wanna let me be me!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Right?"
Zephyr Breeze says: "I can do plenty on my own."
Fluttershy says: "I agree."
Fluttershy says: "Which is why you should move out."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Oh."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Well..."
Zephyr Breeze says: "I mean, I-I totally would, but..."
Zephyr Breeze says: "I don't think that's what Mom and Dad want!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "It's not, is it?"
Mrs. Shy says: "Ehhh..."
Mr. Shy says: "You know we love you, son, but your sister has a point."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Sure."
Zephyr Breeze says: "I mean, I really just came back here to keep you guys company, but..."
Zephyr Breeze says: "whatever's best for the family."
Zephyr Breeze says: "I just..."
Zephyr Breeze says: "I just gotta grab a few essentials."
Mrs. Shy says: "And..."
Mrs. Shy says: "y-you definitely have somewhere else to go?"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Of course!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "There's plenty of ponies who'd love for a little breeze to blow their way..."
Rainbow Dash says: "So..."
Rainbow Dash says: "where's Zeph gonna go now?"
Fluttershy says: "I'm not sure."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I hope I did the right thing..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Are you kidding?"
Rainbow Dash says: "One hundred percent!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Hey, sis!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Your new roomie's here!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay, maybe like seventy percent."
Fluttershy says: "Um, Zephyr."
Fluttershy says: "When Mom and Dad told you to find someplace else to live, I don't think they meant here."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Well, it's not their house, so by definition, it's someplace else."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Am I right, Rainbows?"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Stop oogling me and help settle this."
Rainbow Dash says: "You know what?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I totally forgot that I promised to help Pinkie Pie..."
Rainbow Dash says: "sprinkle..."
Rainbow Dash says: "something."
Fluttershy says: "You said you had plenty of places to go!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Ehhhh..."
Fluttershy says: "Fine."
Fluttershy says: "You can stay here—"
Zephyr Breeze says: "You're the best!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "We're gonna have so much fun."
Fluttershy says: "On one condition."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Totally."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Anything."
Fluttershy says: "You have to get a job."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Cracking the whip, huh?"
Zephyr Breeze says: "You always were kind of bossy."
Fluttershy says: "Zephyr Breeze..."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Kidding!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Get a job."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Absolutely."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Where are we goin' so early?"
Zephyr Breeze says: "You have no idea how bad morning sun is for your mane."
Fluttershy says: "Remember how we talked about you getting a job?"
Zephyr Breeze says: "It was just yesterday, and it's totally on my to-do list, but you can't expect to find something befitting my awesomeness overnight."
Fluttershy says: "I thought you might say that."
Fluttershy says: "So I did it for you."
Zephyr Breeze says: "What?!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "!"
Rarity says: "These fabrics all need to be dyed those colors."
Rarity says: "Do you think you can handle that?"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Um, I don't know..."
Rarity says: "You get started while Fluttershy and I head to the store for more supplies."
Rarity says: "Ta-ta!"
Fluttershy says: "Good luck!"
Fluttershy says: "Thanks for giving my brother a job."
Fluttershy says: "I just hope he's up to the task."
Rarity says: "Oh, darling, dyeing fabric is the simplest thing!"
Rarity says: "You just dip cloth in a bo—"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Rarity, you're back!"
Fluttershy says: "What did you do?"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Since you talk to animals all the time, I just figured it runs in the family, so why not outsource this stuff, you know?"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Turns out the animal communication thing isn't genetic."
Rarity says: "Zephyr, I asked you to do this job!"
Rarity says: "Not to pawn it off on innocent woodland creatures!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Okay, I guess you have some feelings about this."
Zephyr Breeze says: "But you should know it's basically your cat's fault for walking by and giving me the idea."
Zephyr Breeze says: "But I'm actually kinda into this look!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "So I guess what I'm saying is..."
Zephyr Breeze says: "you're welcome?"
Rarity says: "Zephyr, this is just unacceptable!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Wow."
Zephyr Breeze says: "I guess I know when my efforts aren't appreciated."
Rarity says: "Ugghh!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Whoa!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Those are tall!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm glad you noticed, because they're your new job."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Wha?"
Zephyr Breeze says: "You said you were taking me to tea with the princess!"
Fluttershy says: "Actually, I said I was going to tea with the princess."
Fluttershy says: "You're going to work."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Sis, c'mon!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Don't worry, Zephyr, it'll be easy."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just need a Pegasus pony to fly up and wipe each window down from top to bottom."
Spike says: "And I'm here to make sure you do it right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wow, Zephyr!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This looks amazing!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Uh, you know, like you said, it was easy!"
Fluttershy says: "Where's Spike?"
Spike says: "Up here!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You were supposed to supervise, not do all the work!"
Spike says: "I was supervising!"
Spike says: "And then Zephyr asked me about different cleaning techniques and which one was best, and if I could—"
Spike says: "Hey!"
Spike says: "I did all the work!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Don't let him fool you."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Old Spike is quite the taskmaster."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Oh, come on, sis."
Zephyr Breeze says: "I had to ask Spike to make sure I was doing it right."
Fluttershy says: "You didn't do it at all!"
Fluttershy says: "Well, I guarantee there won't be any fooling around on the next job."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Next job?"
Rainbow Dash says: "That's right, Zeph!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You're coming with me!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "You don't have to come up with some excuse to hang out with me, Rainbows!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Let's just go for a fly and see where the day takes us."
Rainbow Dash says: "And the second you try, I'm gonna zap you with a storm cloud!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Got it?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Oh, I got it."
Zephyr Breeze says: "I can already feel the electricity between us."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Rainbow Dash is crazy, okay?!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "She expects me to do stuff right when she asks me to do it!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "It's insane!"
Fluttershy says: "So you just quit?"
Fluttershy says: "Again?"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Escaped is more like it."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Besides, what was I supposed to do?"
Fluttershy says: "Keep trying?"
Fluttershy says: "Finish something for once?"
Fluttershy says: "Maybe that way, you'd actually find something you like to do!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "That all sounds fine for your friends, but it's just not me."
Fluttershy says: "Then I'm sorry, Zephyr, but I don't think you can live here."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Fine!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "I'll just go live in the woods like my foreponies before me!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Guess the only breeze this zephyr can count on is his own!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Aw, cheer up, Fluttershy."
Rainbow Dash says: "I know it was hard, but you did the right thing."
Rainbow Dash says: "You couldn't let Zephyr pull the same stuff on you that he's always pulled on your folks!"
Fluttershy says: "I guess so..."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, hello, Constance!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, dear."
Zephyr Breeze says: "See, Wigford?"
Zephyr Breeze says: "The Breeze needs nopony!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "We've got food, shelter."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Just need to put the old kettle on..."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Come on, sticky-sticky, make with the sparks!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Ugh!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "What's a pony got to do to find a decent stick around here?!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Ugh."
Rainbow Dash says: "I know he needs to learn to do things for himself, but..."
Fluttershy says: "Oh..."
Fluttershy says: "I can't let him live like this."
Rainbow Dash says: "Actually, I don't think he'd make it through the night."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Such an exhausting day, y'know?"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's noon."
Zephyr Breeze says: "You know me!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Siesta..."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Ugh..."
Zephyr Breeze says: "I can't do this."
Zephyr Breeze says: "I can't do anything."
Fluttershy says: "Zephyr, you're smart and talented."
Fluttershy says: "You could do anything if you just tried!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "And what if I give everything I have and still fail?"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Honestly, I think it's better not to try at all."
Rainbow Dash says: "But then you won't ever do anything."
Zephyr Breeze says: "I don't expect you two to understand."
Zephyr Breeze says: "I mean, when have you ever failed?"
Zephyr Breeze says: "You've literally helped save Equestria, like, a dozen times."
Fluttershy says: "And I was worried that I'd fail every time!"
Fluttershy says: "Sometimes you have to do things, even though you might fail."
Zephyr Breeze says: "But failing is the worst!"
Fluttershy says: "And quitting doesn't feel much better, does it?"
Zephyr Breeze says: "No."
Fluttershy says: "So here's the deal: You can come back with me, but you have to do exactly what I say."
Fluttershy says: "No exceptions."
Zephyr Breeze says: "I will literally do anything you ask me if it means I don't have to stay here."
Fluttershy says: "Okay, you know what you have to do, right?"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Beg for help, then quit when I get frustrated."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Just kidding!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Total opposite of that."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Got it."
Rainbow Dash says: "You think he can do it?"
Fluttershy.
Everypony has times in their lives.
When their hearts are filled with doubt.
Zephyr Breeze.
Frustration builds up inside.
And it makes you want to shout.
Rainbow Dash.
But if you just take that first step.
The next one will appear.
Fluttershy and Rainbow Dash.
And you find you can walk, then run.
Then fly...!
Into the stratosphere.
You've got to give it your best.
So you can pass the test.
Give it everything that you've got.
And we know you can win.
You just have to begin.
Have to give it your very best shot.
Zephyr Breeze.
There are times when you want to give up.
When you think that you can't go on.
Fluttershy and Rainbow Dash.
But if you fight through with all of your might.
You will find that you can't go wrong.
That you could do it all along.
Fluttershy.
Everypony has times in their lives.
When their hearts are filled with doubt.
Rainbow Dash.
But if you just give it your all.
You'll start to work it out.
Zephyr Breeze.
And I know I can't give up too soon.
Get myself in the zone.
And I find I can walk, then run.
Fluttershy, Zephyr, and Rainbow Dash.
Then fly...!
Zephyr Breeze.
I can do it on my own.
Fluttershy and Rainbow Dash.
You can do it on your own.
Zephyr Breeze.
I can do it on my own.
I can do it on my own.
Zephyr Breeze says: "I did it!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "I actually finished something!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "By myself!"
Rainbow Dash says: "And it looks exactly like it's supposed to."
Fluttershy says: "I knew you could do it, Zephyr."
Zephyr Breeze says: "I didn't!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "But I do now."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Thanks for believing in me, sis."
Fluttershy says: "That's what big sisters are for."
Rainbow Dash says: "So, Zeph, now that you've accomplished this, what's next?"
Zephyr Breeze says: "Anything I want!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "I mean, the sky's the limit, right?"
Zephyr Breeze says: "But, y'know..."
Zephyr Breeze says: "I've got some baby steps in mind."
Rainbow Dash says: "Thanks for dinner, Mr."
Rainbow Dash says: "and Mrs."
Rainbow Dash says: "Shy!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ha!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It was great as usual."
Mrs. Shy says: "Thank you, dear, for not giving up on Zephyr."
Mrs. Shy says: "After all these years of pining for him, it must be so satisfying to see him on the right track."
Rainbow Dash says: "Huh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "?"
Fluttershy says: "Have you heard from Zephyr?"
Fluttershy says: "Is he doing well?"
Mr. Shy says: "I tell you, he's a brand new pony!"
Mr. Shy says: "So full of drive and determination."
Rainbow Dash says: "Heh."
Rainbow Dash says: "That's great."
Zephyr Breeze says: "Guess who graduated from mane therapy training?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hah, awesome!"
Mr. Shy says: "Congratulations, son!"
Mrs. Shy says: "You look so handsome!"
Fluttershy says: "I'm so proud of you, Zephyr."
Zephyr Breeze says: "It was only a matter of time before they recognized my true genius!"
Zephyr Breeze says: "But actually doing the work probably helped, and I wouldn't have if it weren't for you."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I just gave you some encouragement."
Fluttershy says: "You did this on your own."
Zephyr Breeze says: "And honestly, right now I feel like I can do anything..."
Zephyr Breeze says: "except find a place."
Zephyr Breeze says: "I can still crash here for a few days, right?"