Cozy Glow says: "I don't want to tattle on my good friend Tirek, but..."
Cozy Glow says: "you might like to know he left food out."
Cozy Glow says: "Again."
Grogar says: "I'll deal with it when I'm done."
Lord Tirek says: "Don't trust anything that nosy little Pegasus says!"
Grogar says: "I don't trust anything any of you say."
Lord Tirek says: "Hmph!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Are you planning on attacking anypony anytime soon?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "If not, I don't know why I'm wasting my time here."
Queen Chrysalis says: "I am a queen, you know?"
Grogar says: "I'm leaving, since it's impossible to accomplish the work I need to do here."
Grogar says: "I suggest the three of you come to some kind of accord."
Grogar says: "I don't care how, but you must learn to work together!"
Grogar says: "Only then can we accomplish what you so greatly desire – the defeat of Twilight Sparkle and her friends!"
Cozy Glow says: "Nothing says "teamwork" like an inspirational banner."
Cozy Glow says: "When Grogar sees this, he'll realize there's no way he could survive without me!"
Cozy Glow says: "You're gonna have to exercise a lot to get as big as you were when you absorbed the life force of all those ponies."
Cozy Glow says: "Anywho, Grogar wants us all to work together, so I've scheduled a team meeting."
Cozy Glow says: "Doesn't that sound fun?"
Cozy Glow says: "And since Grogar left me in charge..."
Lord Tirek says: "No, he didn't."
Cozy Glow says: "Someone's a real grumpy-taur today."
Cozy Glow says: "If we aren't meeting, I guess I could just stay and offer positive and inspiring—"
Lord Tirek says: "Fine!"
Lord Tirek says: "I'll join your meeting."
Lord Tirek says: "Just leave!"
Cozy Glow says: "See you soon!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "It's been weeks, and Grogar's done nothing!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "It's not healthy to hold on to all of this rage!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "I could lash out at any moment."
Cozy Glow says: "And how are you doing this fine—"
Cozy Glow says: "?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "How do you think I'm doing?!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "I'm ready to exact my revenge!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "See what I mean?"
Cozy Glow says: "Being cooped up with nothing to do is the worst!"
Cozy Glow says: "You know what you need?"
Cozy Glow says: "A team meeting!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "I don't do meetings."
Cozy Glow says: "Grogar left me in charge."
Queen Chrysalis says: "No, he didn't."
Queen Chrysalis says: "And even if he did, Chrysalis obeys no one."
Cozy Glow says: "There'll be cupcakes."
Cozy Glow says: "Grogar wants us to work together to defeat our enemies."
Cozy Glow says: "Which means we need to trust each other."
Queen Chrysalis says: "If we are to trust one another, perhaps inform Lord Tirek to stop trying to absorb my essence!"
Lord Tirek says: "I wasn't doing anything of the sort!"
Lord Tirek says: "How dare you!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "How dare I?!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Do you know to whom you are speaking?"
Lord Tirek says: "How could I not?"
Lord Tirek says: "You tell your log every five minutes."
Cozy Glow says: "This is why Grogar left me in charge."
Lord Tirek says: "no!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "no!"
Lord Tirek says: "he!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "he!"
Lord Tirek says: "didn't!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "didn't!"
Cozy Glow says: "Huh?"
Cozy Glow.
I think I know a way that we can grow.
Time to try something new, something better.
No more solo, trust is the way to go.
And all we need to do is work together.
Lord Tirek says: "Ah, please!"
No thanks, no way, I feel the need to say.
I'm smarter, stronger, and I don't need you two.
Queen Chrysalis says: "Ha!"
Stronger? Okay, I guess we'll downplay.
How bad you got your rear end handed to you.
Cozy Glow.
It's time to try a better way to be bad.
Lord Tirek and Queen Chrysalis.
Do we really need a better way to be bad?
Cozy Glow.
United as one.
Queen Chrysalis.
Teamwork? Please, what a fad.
Cozy Glow.
Combine all our strength, we'll go to any length.
Once we have a better way to be bad.
Let's go begin, this time we're gonna win.
Queen Chrysalis.
The ice you're on is thin, so watch what you say.
Cozy Glow.
I know you're in, I think I see a grin.
Lord Tirek.
For all this pain and torture, I swear you'll pay.
Cozy Glow.
This time, we've got a better way to be bad.
Lord Tirek and Queen Chrysalis.
Sounds like a long shot, this "better way" to be bad.
Cozy Glow.
United as one, we'll make those ponies so sad.
Lord Tirek.
If we say "okay", would you just go away?
Cozy Glow.
Once we have a better way to be bad.
We want to break their friendship.
We want to make them weak.
You want revenge on Starlight.
You want that huge physique.
So let's increase our chances.
By working as a team.
To crush our enemies to dust.
And laugh as they all scream!
Lord Tirek.
I think I see a better way to be bad.
Queen Chrysalis.
Just put me in charge, make me queen, you'll be glad.
Cozy Glow.
No! Listen to me, I'm the best of us three.
All.
Then you'll see a better way to be bad.
Cozy Glow says: "Wait!"
This is my thing, a better way to be bad.
Queen Chrysalis.
You shall do as I command, I will rule this triad!
Cozy Glow.
Hey! This is my song!
Lord Tirek and Queen Chrysalis.
Sorry, not any longer!
All.
A better way to be bad.
Cozy Glow.
Now you're making me mad.
Lord Tirek.
Won't the ponies be sad?
Queen Chrysalis.
That would make me so glad.
All.
Now we've got a better way to be baaaaaad!
Cozy Glow says: "Hey!"
Cozy Glow says: "You stepped on my cue!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Well, I did not!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "You stepped on our cue!"
Lord Tirek says: "Ah, your rhythm was way off!"
Cozy Glow says: "Oh, you think you're so cool just 'cause you're a queen!"
Grogar says: "Enough!"
Grogar says: "I had hoped by now you would've resolved your differences, but apparently not."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Perhaps if we knew what the plan was, we would be better able to prepare!"
Lord Tirek says: "Assuming you even have a plan."
Grogar says: "Of course I have a plan!"
Grogar says: "I have located an object of power, and it occurs to me this is the perfect test."
Grogar says: "The three of you will work together to retrieve it."
Grogar says: "Against this item, those ponies won't stand a chance."
Queen Chrysalis says: "I have come close to ruling Equestria several times."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Perhaps I should be the one to lead us."
Cozy Glow says: "I nearly drained all the magic from Equestria!"
Cozy Glow says: "That was good!"
Lord Tirek says: "I absorbed all the magic of Equestria!"
Lord Tirek says: "I could feel it flowing through my body as I grew!"
Grogar says: "Each of you failed to defeat Twilight Sparkle and her friends!"
Grogar says: "My power is greater than all of yours combined."
Grogar says: "This is but a fraction of it!"
Grogar says: "Understood?!"
Grogar says: "!"
Grogar says: "Now you shall retrieve the rest of it."
Grogar says: "Thousands of moons ago, the self-righteous Gusty the Great, unable to best me face-to-face, stole my Bewitching Bell."
Grogar says: "A talisman containing much of my own magic."
Grogar says: "The Bell cannot be destroyed, so Gusty hid it in a place it has taken me millennia to discover – an enchanted cave high atop Mt."
Grogar says: "Everhoof, protected by magical winds that prevent anypony from reaching its peak."
Grogar says: "There, the Bell has remained until now."
Grogar says: "Scale Mt."
Grogar says: "Everhoof."
Grogar says: "Bring me back my Bell."
Queen Chrysalis says: "The ease of this task is laughable."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Well, it sounded easy."
Lord Tirek says: "Scale the mountain..."
Queen Chrysalis says: "..."
Queen Chrysalis says: "retrieve Grogar's Bell..."
Cozy Glow says: "..."
Cozy Glow says: "together!"
Cozy Glow says: "I drew up a detailed plan with several visual aids to show how we can..."
Cozy Glow says: "ditch each other and do it alone."
Cozy Glow says: "Maybe when I'm waiting for them at the top, then they'll appreciate me."
Queen Chrysalis says: "As if anything on this mountain is scarier than I."
Rusty Bucket says: "Halt!"
Rusty Bucket says: "Who goes there?"
Rusty Bucket says: "A pony?"
Rusty Bucket says: "There ain't been ponies around here in I-don't-know-how-many moons!"
Cozy Glow says: "Oh, golly, good sir."
Cozy Glow says: "I'm just a poor lost pony looking for help."
Rusty Bucket says: "Aw, don't fret, little filly."
Rusty Bucket says: "Ol' Rusty Bucket here, at your service."
Cozy Glow says: "I'm so glad I found you."
Cozy Glow says: "I need help getting to the top of the mountain."
Rusty Bucket says: "Uh, no can do, ma'am."
Cozy Glow says: "Why not?!"
Cozy Glow says: "!"
Rusty Bucket says: "Shhh!"
Rusty Bucket says: "Not so loud!"
Rusty Bucket says: "This here's avalanche territory."
Rusty Bucket says: "I'm the guardian of this here mountain."
Rusty Bucket says: "It's my job to keep ponies from heading up."
Rusty Bucket says: "Nothing at the top but dangerous snow, dangerous ice, and dangerous wind."
Rusty Bucket says: "Basically, it's dangerous."
Cozy Glow says: "It must get lonely all by yourself."
Cozy Glow says: "Maybe I could be your friend?"
Rusty Bucket says: "Aw."
Rusty Bucket says: "I'd love a friend."
Cozy Glow says: "So, now that we are friends, you could help me up the mountain."
Rusty Bucket says: "Hmm, uh..."
Rusty Bucket says: "a real friend wouldn't ask me to do something I'm not supposed to do."
Rusty Bucket says: "Says so right here in the Journal of Friendship, written by Twilight Sparkle and her friends."
Cozy Glow says: "are."
Cozy Glow says: "you."
Cozy Glow says: "kidding me?!"
Cozy Glow says: "!"
Rusty Bucket says: "Shhhh!"
Cozy Glow says: "I didn't want to be friends anyway."
Rusty Bucket says: "Awww..."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Almost there."
Rusty Bucket says: "Nope."
Rusty Bucket says: "Not that way neither."
Cozy Glow says: "I tried being nice!"
Rusty Bucket says: "Shh-shh-shh!"
Rusty Bucket says: "Now, just calm down there, filly."
Cozy Glow says: "You calm down!"
Cozy Glow says: "Ponies are supposed to do  what I ask them to do!"
Cozy Glow says: "It's, like, my thing!"
Cozy Glow says: "Okay?!"
Cozy Glow says: "!"
Rusty Bucket says: "Meh."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Apparently I don't need anypony else."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Agh!"
Cozy Glow says: "It's not funny, Tirek!"
Lord Tirek says: "Didn't make it to the top?"
Lord Tirek says: "Surprise, surprise."
Cozy Glow says: "You didn't make it to the top either."
Lord Tirek says: "I didn't try to."
Cozy Glow says: "What?!"
Cozy Glow says: "!"
Lord Tirek says: "It took about five minutes to deduce that Grogar was right."
Lord Tirek says: "None of us could make it up alone."
Lord Tirek says: "So, rather than subject myself to the elements, I decided to let you two face the danger, take what you learned, and use it to my advantage."
Cozy Glow says: "I put up with your "I'm smarter than you" attitude in Tartarus!"
Cozy Glow says: "But I'm over it!"
Lord Tirek says: "I'd had enough of you trying to manipulate me with that insincere, syrupy sweetness."
Lord Tirek says: "At least now we can see the real you."
Cozy Glow says: "This is not the real me!"
Cozy Glow says: "I'm cute and lovable!"
Lord Tirek says: "No, you're not."
Lord Tirek says: "You're annoying, and you snore."
Cozy Glow says: "I do not snore!"
Cozy Glow says: "At least I don't talk to my Gram-Gram in my sleep."
Lord Tirek says: "Don't you dare bring Gram-Gram into this!"
Ophiotaurus roars.
Cozy Glow says: "This is your fault!"
Lord Tirek says: "This is your fault!"
Ophiotaurus roars.
Ophiotaurus grunts softly.
Cozy Glow says: "Quick!"
Cozy Glow says: "It's distracted!"
Cozy Glow says: "Let's go!"
Lord Tirek says: "Wait."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Mmmm..."
Queen Chrysalis says: "So much love."
Queen Chrysalis says: "I haven't eaten this well in ages."
Cozy Glow says: "So gross."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Just so we're clear, I didn't save you because I like you."
Queen Chrysalis says: "I did it because..."
Queen Chrysalis says: "because I..."
Cozy Glow says: "Neeeeeeed us?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Yes."
Lord Tirek says: "Clearly I was right to wait."
Lord Tirek says: "Now tell me everything you learned today."
Lord Tirek says: "Leave nothing out."
Cozy Glow says: "Why are you doing that?"
Cozy Glow says: "Didn't you already drain it of love?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "I always save a little for the next day."
Cozy Glow says: "You cocoon all of your..."
Cozy Glow says: "meals?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Of course."
Cozy Glow says: "So when you pony-napped Twilight and the others, you cocooned them."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Yes."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Until that sow Starlight Glimmer freed them, corrupted my subjects, and stole my hive!"
Lord Tirek says: "Those ponies have weaknesses."
Lord Tirek says: "I used that turncoat Discord."
Lord Tirek says: "Tricked him into helping me capture his so-called "friends"."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Discord was really something until friendship ruined him."
Lord Tirek says: "You should've seen Twilight's face when her friends appeared in bubbles around me."
Lord Tirek says: "She was all..."
Cozy Glow says: "She's so stressed out all the time."
Queen Chrysalis says: "When I posed as her former foal-sitter, I thought she was going to implode!"
Cozy Glow says: "I wish I could've seen her face when I nearly erased all the magic from Equestria."
Lord Tirek says: "All magic was a little excessive, don't you think?"
Cozy Glow says: "Eh, I think big."
Cozy Glow says: "Besides, it would've been worth it just to see Twilight and her friends bow down to me!"
Lord Tirek says: "Indeed it would."
Lord Tirek says: "Who wouldn't love to see those prissy ponies realize they lost everything?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "I'm a pathetic pony princess!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "I made a detailed list of all the ways I'm a failure!"
Lord Tirek says: "You know, working with you two may not be the worst thing."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Perhaps..."
Queen Chrysalis says: "as long as it results in the complete destruction of our enemies."
Cozy Glow says: "I wouldn't have it any other way."
Cozy Glow says: "Do the pathetic princess thing again!"
Rusty Bucket says: "I'm okay!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Aah!"
Cozy Glow says: "Can you absorb it and make it go away?"
Lord Tirek says: "I can only absorb magic from living beings."
Cozy Glow says: "Like her?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Betrayal!"
Cozy Glow says: "Not betrayal."
Cozy Glow says: "Teamwork."
Cozy Glow says: "If Tirek absorbs your energy, he might be strong enough to break through."
Queen Chrysalis says: "And then?"
Cozy Glow says: "Then..."
Cozy Glow says: "he gives it back."
Lord Tirek says: "I do?"
Cozy Glow says: "Mm-hmm."
Queen Chrysalis says: "How do I know you won't take my magic and leave me?"
Cozy Glow says: "Would we do that to you?"
Cozy Glow says: "Okay, normally, yes, we would."
Lord Tirek says: "I'll give you your magic back."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Do it."
Lord Tirek says: "So..."
Lord Tirek says: "much..."
Lord Tirek says: "power!"
Lord Tirek says: "Welcome back, baby!"
Lord Tirek says: "It's not big enough for me!"
Cozy Glow says: "Maybe not you!"
Cozy Glow says: "Keep it open, or I'll be trapped forever!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Would that be so terrible?"
Lord Tirek says: "Can't..."
Lord Tirek says: "hold..."
Lord Tirek says: "much..."
Lord Tirek says: "longer!"
Lord Tirek says: "Hurry!"
Cozy Glow says: "Ta-da!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "My magic..."
Queen Chrysalis says: "I-I wasn't sure you were going to give it back."
Lord Tirek says: "Neither was I."
Lord Tirek says: "But working together seemed smarter than to continue fighting."
Cozy Glow says: "When we helped each other, it felt better somehow."
Queen Chrysalis says: "I haven't felt like this since before I lost my hive."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Having others who will be there for you is..."
Queen Chrysalis says: "pleasing."
Lord Tirek says: "All of these years taking power from ponies..."
Cozy Glow says: "When you use your power to help others..."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Yes, it feels..."
Queen Chrysalis says: "nooooooooo!"
Cozy Glow says: "Whoa!"
Lord Tirek says: "Whoa!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "The Magic of Friendship is like a disease!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "An infection that spreads to those around you!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "I watched it infect my hive!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "I will not let it get me!"
Cozy Glow says: "Same."
Lord Tirek says: "Obviously."
Cozy Glow says: "But..."
Cozy Glow says: "Grogar said we have to work together."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Grogar is too powerful."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Something must be done about that."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Let Grogar think we're his loyal servants."
Queen Chrysalis says: "In the meantime, we'll hatch our own plan."
Cozy Glow says: "Ooh..."
Cozy Glow says: "I love a good backstabbing!"
Lord Tirek says: "After that, we can go back to trying to destroy each other!"
Cozy Glow says: "In the meantime, what do we do with this?"
Grogar says: "You failed to retrieve the Bell?!"
Grogar says: "!"
Cozy Glow says: "W-W-We're sorry, almighty Grogar."
Lord Tirek says: "We worked together as you asked."
Queen Chrysalis says: "We just aren't as powerful as you."
Grogar says: "Obviously!"
Grogar says: "At least you finally did as you were told and worked together."
Cozy Glow says: "Of course!"
Lord Tirek says: "Whatever you command!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Forget about that old bell."
Queen Chrysalis says: "You were right."
Queen Chrysalis says: "We're so much more powerful..."
Queen Chrysalis says: "when we work as a team."