Previously on My Little Pony.
Twilight Sparkle says: ""Princess Celestia cordially invites you to the wedding of Princess Mi Amore Cadenza and..."
Twilight Sparkle says: ""  My brother?"
Shining Armor says: "Twily!"
Shining Armor says: "Ah, I've missed you, kid."
Twilight Sparkle says: "How dare you not tell me in person that you were getting married!"
Shining Armor says: "A threat has been made against Canterlot."
Shining Armor says: "Princess Celestia asked that I help provide additional protection."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I'm still pretty ticked you're marrying somepony I don't even know."
Shining Armor says: "Princess Mi Amore Cadenza is Cadance."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Cadance is only the most amazing pony ever!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "I hope I'm not interrupting anything important."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Cadance, it's me!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Twilight!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Uh-huh."
Shining Armor says: "And I think I should wear it."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Are you disagreeing with me?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "She's evil!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I saw her put a spell on my brother that made his eyes go all!"
Shining Armor says: "Cadance hasn't been casting spells on me."
Shining Armor says: "She's been using her magic to heal me!"
Shining Armor says: "If I were you, I wouldn't show up to the wedding at all."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just lost a brother."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sorry!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "You will be."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hello?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Is anyone there?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Where am I?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "The caves beneath Canterlot, once home to greedy unicorns who wanted to claim the gems that could be found inside."
Queen Chrysalis says: "And now, your prison."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Help!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Help!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Plans?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What plans?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "The plans I have for your brother, of course."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Don't you dare do anything to my brother, you..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "you monster!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Only way to stop me is to catch me!"
Princess Cadance says: "No!"
Princess Cadance says: "Wait!"
Princess Cadance says: "Ugh!"
Princess Cadance says: "Please!"
Princess Cadance says: "Don't hurt me!"
Princess Cadance says: "Twilight, it's me!"
Princess Cadance says: "Please, you have to believe me."
Princess Cadance says: "I've been imprisoned like you."
Princess Cadance says: "The Cadance who brought you down here was an imposter."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Likely story!"
Princess Cadance says: "Sunshine, sunshine, ladybugs awake."
Princess Cadance says: "Clap your hooves..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "..."
Princess Cadance says: "..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "and do a little shake."
Princess Cadance says: "and do a little shake."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You remember me!"
Princess Cadance says: "Of course I do."
Princess Cadance says: "How could I forget the filly I love to sit for the most?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We have to get out of here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We have to stop her!"
Queen Chrysalis.
This day is going to be perfect.
The kind of day of which I've dreamed since I was small.
Everypony will gather 'round.
Say I look lovely in my gown.
What they don't know is that I have fooled them all!
Princess Cadance.
This day was going to be perfect.
The kind of day of which I've dreamed since I was small.
But instead of having cake.
With all my friends to celebrate.
My wedding bells, they may not ring for me at all….
Queen Chrysalis.
I could care less about the dress.
I won't partake in any cake.
Vows, well I'll be lying when I say.
That through any kind of weather.
I'll want us to be together.
The truth is I don't care for him at all.
No I do not love the groom.
In my heart there is no room.
But I still want him to be all mine.
Princess Cadance.
We must escape before it's too late.
Find a way to save the day.
Hope, I'll be lying if I say.
To one who wants to use him.
Not care for, love, and cherish him each day".
For I oh so love the groom.
All my thoughts he does consume.
Oh, Shining Armor, I'll be there very soon.
Queen Chrysalis.
Finally the moment has arrived.
For me to be one lucky bride.
Princess Cadance.
Oh, the wedding we won't make.
He'll end up marrying a fake.
Shining Armor will be...
Queen Chrysalis says: "..."
Queen Chrysalis says: "mine, all mine."
Princess Celestia says: "Mares and gentlecolts, we are gathered here today to witness the union of  Princess Mi Amore Cadenza and Shining Armor."
Princess Cadance says: "Oh, we're never going to save him."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We will."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We just have to find..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There!"
Minuette says: "You're not going anywhere."
Lyra Heartstrings says: "You're not going anywhere."
Twinkleshine says: "You're not going anywhere."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Stop!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Ugh!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Why does she have to be so possessive of her brother?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Why does she have to ruin my special day?"
Princess Cadance says: "Because it's not your special day!"
Princess Cadance says: "It's mine!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "What?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "But how did you escape my bridesmaids?"
Minuette says: "I want it!"
Lyra Heartstrings says: "I want it!"
Twinkleshine says: "I want it!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Hmph."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Clever."
Queen Chrysalis says: "But you're still too late."
Applejack says: "I-I don't understand."
Applejack says: "How can there be two of 'em?"
Princess Cadance says: "She's a changeling."
Princess Cadance says: "She takes the form of somepony you love and gains power by feeding off your love for them."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Right you are, Princess."
Queen Chrysalis says: "And as queen of the changelings, it is up to me to find food for my subjects."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Equestria has more love than any place I've ever encountered."
Queen Chrysalis says: "My fellow changelings will be able to devour so much of it that we will gain more power than we have ever dreamed of!"
Princess Cadance says: "They'll never get the chance!"
Princess Cadance says: "Shining Armor's protection spell will keep them from ever even reaching us!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Oh, I doubt that."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Isn't that right, dear?"
Shining Armor says: "Mm-hmm."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Ah, ah, ah."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Don't want to go back to the caves, now do you?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Ever since I took your place, I've been feeding off Shining Armor's love for you."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Every moment he grows weaker and so does his spell."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Even now, my minions are chipping away at it."
Queen Chrysalis says: "He may not be my husband, but he is under my total control now."
Queen Chrysalis says: "And, I'm sorry to say, unable to perform his duties as captain of the Royal Guard."
Princess Cadance says: "Not my Shining Armor!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Soon, my changeling army will break through."
Queen Chrysalis says: "First, we take Canterlot."
Queen Chrysalis says: "And then, all of Equestria!"
Princess Celestia says: "No."
Princess Celestia says: "You won't."
Princess Celestia says: "You may have made it impossible for Shining Armor to perform his spell, but now that you have so foolishly revealed your true self, I can protect my subjects from you!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess Celestia!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Ah!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Shining Armor's love for you is even stronger than I thought!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Consuming it has made me even more powerful than Celestia!"
Princess Celestia says: "The Elements of Harmony."
Princess Celestia says: "You must get to them and use their power to defeat the queen."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity!"
Applejack says: "Rarity!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Rarity!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Rarity!"
Fluttershy says: "Rarity!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "You can run, but you can't hide!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Go, go!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Looks like we're gonna have to do this the hard way."
Rainbow Dash says: "How did you..."
Rainbow Dash says: "?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "They're changelings, remember?"
Changelings says: "They're changelings, remember?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Don't let them distract you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We have to get to the Elements of Harmony."
Twilight Sparkle says: "They're our only hope."
Applejack says: "Okay, this is just gettin' weird."
Applejack says: "Real me!"
Applejack says: "Real me!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Do me!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Do me!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Meh, I've seen better."
Princess Cadance says: "You won't get away with this!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "You were saying?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "You do realize the reception's been cancelled, don't you?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Go!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Feed!"
Applejack says: "Sorry, Twi."
Applejack says: "We should've listened to you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's not your fault."
Twilight Sparkle says: "She fooled everypony."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Hmm, I did, didn't I?"
This day has been just perfect.
The kind of day of which I've dreamed since I was small.
Everypony I'll soon control.
Every stallion, mare, and foal.
Who says a girl can't really have it all? evil laugh.
Twilight Sparkle says: "Quick!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Go to him while you still have the chance!"
Shining Armor says: "Wha– where..."
Shining Armor says: "huh?"
Shining Armor says: "Is..."
Shining Armor says: "is the wedding over?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "It's all over!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Your spell!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Perform your spell!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "What good would that do?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "My changelings already roam free."
Shining Armor says: "No!"
Shining Armor says: "My power is useless now."
Shining Armor says: "I don't have the strength to repel them."
Princess Cadance says: "My love will give you strength."
Queen Chrysalis says: "What a lovely but absolutely ridiculous sentiment."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Noooooo!"
Princess Celestia says: "Don't worry about me."
Princess Celestia says: "I'm fine."
Princess Celestia says: "You have a real wedding to put together."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Seriously, though."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I get why the queen of the changelings wanted to be with you, but how did you get someone as amazing as Cadance to marry you?"
Shining Armor says: "I told her she wouldn't just be gaining a husband."
Shining Armor says: "She'd be getting a pretty great sister, too."
Princess Cadance says: "Princess Cadance is fine."
Princess Celestia says: "Hm."
Princess Celestia says: "The union of Princess Cadance and Shining Armor."
Princess Celestia says: "The strength of their commitment is clear."
Princess Celestia says: "The power of their love, undeniable."
Princess Celestia says: "May we have the rings please?"
Princess Celestia says: "I now pronounce you mare and colt!"
Princess Celestia says: "This is your victory as much as theirs."
Princess Celestia says: "You persisted in the face of doubt, and your actions led to your being able to bring the real Princess Cadance back to us."
Princess Celestia says: "Learning to trust your instincts is a valuable lesson to learn."
Princess Celestia says: "Rainbow Dash, that's your cue."
Rainbow Dash says: "Best..."
Rainbow Dash says: "wedding..."
Rainbow Dash says: "ever!"
Princess Luna says: "Hello, everypony."
Princess Luna says: "Did I miss anything?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Let's get this party started!"
Twilight Sparkle.
Love is in bloom.
A beautiful bride, a handsome groom,.
Two hearts becoming one.
A bond that cannot be undone because.
Love is in bloom.
A beautiful bride, a handsome groom.
I said love is in bloom.
You're starting a life and making room.
For us For us, For us....
Shining Armor says: "Twilight!"
Shining Armor says: "None of this would've been possible without you, little sis."
Shining Armor says: "Love ya, Twily."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Love you too, B."
Twilight Sparkle says: "B."
Twilight Sparkle says: "B."
Twilight Sparkle says: "F."
Twilight Sparkle says: "F."
Shining Armor says: "Ready to go?"
Princess Cadance says: "Oh!"
Princess Cadance says: "Almost forgot."
Rarity says: "IT'S MINE!"
Rarity says: "Oof!"
Rarity says: "Ahaha..."
Rarity says: "ha."
Twilight Sparkle background.
Love is in bloom.
A beautiful bride, a handsome groom.
I said love is in bloom.
You're starting a life and making room.
For us, For us... For us... Aah...
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now this was a great wedding."
Spike says: "Oh, yeah?"
Spike says: "Just wait until you see what I have planned for the bachelor party!"