Twilight Sparkle says: "The magical properties of this spell will only have lasting effects if you focus on—"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow Dash!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "How in Equestria does that pony expect to pass her history of the Wonderbolts exam tomorrow if she's wasting time flying?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm just gonna fly right up to her and tell her what I think about her lackadaisical approach to studying!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Won't she be surprised!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Surprise!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Huh?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "How did you—"
Rainbow Dash says: "Puh-lease, Twilight."
Rainbow Dash says: "That was the worst sneak attack ever."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wha?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But—"
Rainbow Dash says: "I saw you giving me the stink-eye from the ground and heard you flying towards me and muttering from a mile away."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, if you heard me "muttering", then you must know what I was "muttering" about."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, yeah, the Wonderbolts history test."
Rainbow Dash says: "No big deal."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Big deal."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Really big deal."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's a test!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "A test that will determine if you can join the newly-formed Wonderbolts Reserves, and being part of the Wonderbolts Reserves means you'll have the opportunity to live your dream as a Wonderbolt!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is the most important test of your life!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Twilight, not everypony gets all freaked out about tests like you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I do not get "all freaked out" about tests!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, seriously?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Your freakouts are so epic, you sing whole freakout arias about freaking out."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fine, I may tend to take my tests a little seriously, but that doesn't mean you shouldn't be studying for yours!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oooh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And I know just the pony who can help you: me!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is gonna be so much fun!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Sure."
Rainbow Dash says: "Fun."
Rainbow Dash says: "Wha– huh?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is the most complete—"
Rainbow Dash says: "And ginormous!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "book on the history of the Wonderbolts."
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay, but how am I supposed to get what's in there into here?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "With my handy-dandy study checklist, of course!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Of course."
Twilight Sparkle says: "First up, reading and highlighting."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Reading and highlighting is the foundation of any good study method."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It allows the student to hone in and boil down on what's really important, separating the good from the bad, the wheat from the chaff, getting to the crux of things."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Let's see what you've got so far!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Um..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Huh?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hm, by highlighting everything, you don't really separate the wheat from the chaff..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Or the good from the bad."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hey, I am not that tall!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, Rainbow, clearly reading and highlighting is not your style of studying, so let's move on to the tried and true: History lecture!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes, Rainbow?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Is it snack time?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No."
Rainbow Dash says: "Recess?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No."
Rainbow Dash says: "Can't we just watch the history of the Wonderbolts movie?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now, just get comfortable, and experience the magic of learning."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ahem."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Prior to the great Celestia/Luna rift, there was no need for the Earth, Unicorn, Pegasi, or E."
Twilight Sparkle says: "U."
Twilight Sparkle says: "P."
Twilight Sparkle says: ", Guard."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But after Luna's banishment, the Protective Pony Platoons were formed."
Twilight Sparkle says: "On the anniversary of the first Celestial year of peace, a celebration was held."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Headed by General Firefly, an elite team of aerial performers were chosen to help celebrate this auspicious occasion."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The first performance was so full of energy, so highly charged, that magical lightning showered down on the crowd."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everypony was so filled with amazement and wonder that General Firefly dubbed them "the Wonderbolts"!"
Spike and Owlowiscious stop; stool continues creaking.
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow Dash, can you repeat any of my lesson?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "History lecture..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "nope."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, Rainbow– Rainbow?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow Dash!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Here!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Let's move on to my favorite style of learning: flashcards!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, does that mean I'll learn in a flash?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "One can only hope."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Colonel Purple Dart, the leader of the Wonderbolts in the Fourth Celestial Era, was known for his– wha?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Did you see what happened?"
Rainbow Dash says: "What?"
Rainbow Dash says: "No!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I was..."
Rainbow Dash says: "riveted by your captivating cards!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hmm..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "After becoming the official flying squadron for Princess Celestia, she honored them with– Gotcha!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Got what?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The original Wonderbolts lightning bolt insignia was–  Rainbow Dash, you could've hurt me!"
Rainbow Dash says: "With a spit wad?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Really?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "A spit wad to the eye would have been no laughing matter!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, if you can horse around like this, then you clearly must be ready for the test."
Rainbow Dash says: "Clearly."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well then, I guess you're also ready for a..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pop quiz!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Bring it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The initials E."
Twilight Sparkle says: "U."
Twilight Sparkle says: "P."
Twilight Sparkle says: "stand for what?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ernie's undercooked pancakes."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The original aerial team performed for..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Celestia's cereal celebration."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Wonderbolts were given their name by this famous Pegasus."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Who is she?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Please don't say Colonel Waffle..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hello?"
Rainbow Dash says: "General Blazing Donut Glaze!"
Rainbow Dash says: "So, did I ace it or what?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Or what."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You didn't get one answer correct."
Rainbow Dash says: "What?"
Rainbow Dash says: "But– but how?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've never heard answers so wrong!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And so breakfast-related!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "If you had taken the official test today..."
Rainbow Dash says: "What am I gonna do?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm running out of time!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I don't know any of this history!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm gonna fail!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm gonna fail, I'm gonna fail, I'm gonna fail!"
Rainbow Dash says: "And it's all your fault!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "My fault?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm the one helping you!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Maybe your famous study methods aren't all they're cracked up to be, eh, teacher?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Excuse me, I've used them to study for many a test and passed!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Do you know the name of the premiere Wonderbolts choreographer?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, well—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Commander Easyglider."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Do you know how many Pegasi flew in the original squad?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Um—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Seven!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Do you know Princess Celestia's favorite flight pattern?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Icaranian Sun Salutation!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "See?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I could pass the test."
Rainbow Dash says: "Fine!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Rub it in, why don't ya?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Besides, I don't see why I have to take this lousy test anyway."
Rainbow Dash says: "I've proven I'm one of the best flyers around."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Knowing their origin and being able to properly represent them for all of Equestria is just as important."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, right."
Rainbow Dash says: "Some history buff like you must have made that up to bring us flyers down."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Knowing history actually is beneficial, Rainbow."
Rainbow Dash says: "Beneficial for eggheads!"
Fluttershy says: "Girls."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, this egghead knows history and can fly."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe I should become a Wonderbolt."
Rainbow Dash says: "Just 'cause you've got wings, doesn't mean you can fly!"
Fluttershy says: "Girls!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You're barely able to just get off the ground!"
Fluttershy says: "Girls!"
Fluttershy says: "Stop!"
Fluttershy says: "Now, is that any way to talk to a friend?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sorry."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, sorry."
Fluttershy says: "Don't you have more important things to do?"
Fluttershy says: "Like prepare Rainbow for her big test?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've tried everything, Fluttershy, but none of my study methods work for her."
Fluttershy says: "Well, no offense to your teaching methods, Twilight, but I think I may have a way to help Rainbow."
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, who's that, who's that?"
Fluttershy says: "Celestia and Luna, back when they were happy."
Tank's gyrocopter buzzing.
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "now what?"
Fluttershy says: "Gummy's an Earth pony, Winona's a unicorn, and Tank is a Pegasus."
Twilight Sparkle says: "They're the E."
Twilight Sparkle says: "U."
Twilight Sparkle says: "P."
Twilight Sparkle says: ", helping to protect the Princess."
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, how are you getting all this?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, no!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Stop, stop, stop!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That was aw—"
Pinkie Pie says: "Awesome!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I give it three woohoo's!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Woohoo, woohoo, woohoo!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And an extra "woo" for good measure!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Woo!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, I give it a "whoa, whoa, what?"
Rainbow Dash says: "" I'm totally confused and I just wanna go home..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa– hey!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Whoa your woes there, woeful."
Pinkie Pie says: "Some ponies learn through theatrical presentation, but other ponies learn through musical intervention."
Pinkie Pie.
Well, back in ancient times, there were the Wonderbolts of old.
A general named Firefly, amazing and so...
Pinkie Pie, Goldengrape, and Dr. Hooves.
Bold!
Pinkie Pie.
She brought them all together, spreading unity...
Pinkie Pie, Goldengrape, and Dr. Hooves.
In flight!
Pinkie Pie.
Performing at their very best with wonder...
Pinkie Pie, Goldengrape, and Dr. Hooves.
And with might!
Pinkie Pie.
There's Admiral Fairweather and the Colonel Purple...
Pinkie Pie, Goldengrape, and Dr. Hooves.
Dart!
Pinkie Pie.
Gave Wonderbolts a bit of steel along with...
Pinkie Pie, Goldengrape, and Dr. Hooves.
Lots of heart!
Pinkie Pie.
An admiral named Fairy Flight and general called...
Pinkie Pie, Goldengrape, and Dr. Hooves.
Flash!
Pinkie Pie.
Helped the 'bolts fly super high...
Pinkie Pie, Goldengrape, and Dr. Hooves.
With style and panache!
Pinkie Pie.
Commander Easyglider was the real cream of...
Pinkie Pie, Goldengrape, and Dr. Hooves.
The crop!
Pinkie Pie.
For with her wicked moves, the Wonderbolts...
Pinkie Pie, Goldengrape, and Dr. Hooves.
Soared to the top!
Pinkie Pie.
Wonderbolts, yeah! Wonderbolts...
Pinkie Pie, Goldengrape, and Dr. Hooves.
Huh!
Pinkie Pie.
Wonderbolts, yeah! Wonderbolts...
Pinkie Pie, Goldengrape, and Dr. Hooves.
Unh!
Pinkie Pie.
That is my rappin' history of the Wonderbolts!
Pinkie Pie says: "So, d'you get it?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yes, Pinkie Pie!"
Rainbow Dash says: "General This and Colonel That, they're the Wonderbolts, something that rhymes with that!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That..."
Pinkie Pie says: "was pretty terrible."
Rainbow Dash says: "What?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "No..."
Rainbow Dash says: "really?"
Rainbow Dash says: "But I've gotta learn this stuff!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Now!"
Rarity says: "And I am just the pony to help!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Rarity, you look ridiculous."
Rarity says: "I am going to ignore that comment out of my desire to help you."
Rainbow Dash says: "Good luck."
Rarity says: "Get ready, Rainbow Dash, for I am going to take you on an historical adventure in fashion!"
Rarity says: "I am now modeling the rather unattractive, and frankly itchy, original Wonderbolts flying costume."
Rarity says: "Fortunately, thanks to the vision of Flair d'Mare, the Wonderbolts ensemble became more streamlined in a wonderfully breathable fabric."
Rarity says: "Of course, there were fashion hits..."
Rarity says: "and misses."
Rarity says: "Just look at those dreadful bell-bottoms."
Rarity says: "What were ponies thinking?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I dunno."
Pinkie Pie says: "I bet General Flash rocked these thangs!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Pinkie, you're real!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Of course I'm real!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I mean I'm not the real General Flash, the tenth leader of the Wonderbolts, but I, Pinkie, am really real."
Fluttershy says: "And I'm Admiral Fairy Flight, from the seventh squadron."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And of course you recognize Commander Easyglider."
Applejack says: "And I'm sportin' some sort of getup worn by Colonel Purple Dart."
Rarity says: "Just look at us."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Look at us."
Pinkie Pie says: "Look at me!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's too much for my eyes!"
Applejack says: "Now, don't you fret, Rainbow."
Applejack says: "This fashion show nonsense wouldn't help me learn nothin', either."
Rainbow Dash says: "Really?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, what special study trick do you have, AJ?"
Applejack says: "Who, me?"
Applejack says: "Oh, I got nothing."
Applejack says: "Why, I could tell you every little thing there is to know about the history of apples, but I picked all that up over years in the field as a labor of love."
Applejack says: "How much time you got?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Twelve hours."
Applejack says: "Oh, then you are up a creek."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, I think we should just go back to old-fashioned studying."
Fluttershy says: "What about our play?"
Rarity says: "Just look at these costumes!"
Rarity says: "Surely something resonates with your inner Wonderbolt!"
Applejack says: "And Granny Smith discovered the first granny smith in Fillydelphia, when she was just a filly!"
Pinkie Pie.
Commander Easyglider was the real cream of the crop—.
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie, stop rapping!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That isn't gonna help Rainbow!"
Pinkie Pie.
Well, I suggest you put down your silly cards of flash,.
For I know that they cannot help our good friend Rainbow Dash!
Rainbow Dash says: "Enough!"
Rainbow Dash says: "No rapping, no cards, no costumes, no play, and no apples!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I am never gonna pass this test, ever!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Just forget it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow, I'm sorry about all that!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We didn't mean to overwhelm you!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's okay."
Rainbow Dash says: "You were just trying to help."
Rainbow Dash says: "It's just too bad I'm too dumb to learn anything."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You are not dumb!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You just learn differently!"
Rainbow Dash says: "If by "differently" you mean "not at all", then you're totally right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No, that's totally wrong."
Rainbow Dash says: "See?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Wrong again."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know anypony that's read more Daring Do books than you."
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, that's not going to get me into the Wonderbolts."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And your knowledge of jokes and pranks is only rivaled by Pinkie."
Rainbow Dash says: "Great."
Rainbow Dash says: "My years of being a class clown prevented me from actually learning how to learn!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's not what I meant."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're smart, creative, inventive, and– ugh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hey!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know you're upset, but you don't need to—"
Rainbow Helicopter blades whirring.
Twilight Sparkle says: "Whoa..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I almost slammed into that!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I know."
Rainbow Dash says: "You were jabbering on so much you didn't even notice."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But how did you notice?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You were listening and talking to me the whole time!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ha-hah, you're such a rookie."
Rainbow Dash says: "An experienced flyer like me knows how to multitask."
Twilight Sparkle says: "While you fly?"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's essential!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yes, I was paying attention to you, but was also scanning the sky and the ground for any problems."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Really?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Flying's not just flying!"
Rainbow Dash says: "In order to stay safe in the sky, I've got to hear and see everything down to the littlest details."
Rainbow Dash says: "For instance, I saw Apple Bloom, Sweetie Belle and Scootaloo come out of Sugarcube Corner, and from the looks of it, they had carrot cupcakes with sprinkles."
Rainbow Dash says: "And I'm thinking Big Mac sold a huge order of apples to Filthy Rich, 'cause I heard him give a very hearty—"
Big McIntosh says: ""Eeyup"."
Rainbow Dash says: ""Eeyup"."
Rainbow Dash says: "I always make note of everything when I fly."
Rainbow Dash says: "No biggie."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, my gosh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Gotta go!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, I get it."
Rainbow Dash says: "I wouldn't want to hang out with a loser like me either."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thanks for meeting me, everypony."
Applejack says: "What is it, Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We have to help Rainbow Dash."
Fluttershy says: "Yes, but how?"
Rarity says: "We've tried every kind of studying."
Rarity says: "My way, your way..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But we haven't tried Rainbow Dash's way."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hmm, I'm intrigued."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Listen up, ponies, here's the plan."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hey, Rainbow."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wanna go for a fly?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Sure."
Rainbow Dash says: "Got nothing better to do."
Rainbow Dash says: "Didn't we just do this?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes, but like you said, I'm such a newbie, I need all the practice I can get."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, well, I'm sure you'll become a great flyer in no time."
Rainbow Dash says: "After all, you're good at everything."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "what's going on?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, nothing."
Rainbow Dash says: "Just getting my dreams crushed."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "read any good books lately?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Just history books."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'd tell you what they were about, but my brain is as dry as a rock."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Speaking of rocks, did you know Pinkie Pie grew up on a rock farm?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Maybe I'll go work there as I have no other plans for the rest of my life."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, come on now, Rainbow."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You can't give up on your dream!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Seems my dream has given up on me."
Rainbow Dash says: "Maybe I'll learn to shine shoes, sell hats, dig ditches..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Or maybe you'll be a Wonderbolt."
Rainbow Dash says: "Twilight, give it up!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I have."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So, what do you remember about that flight?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Nothing important."
Rainbow Dash says: "Except after Luna was banished to the moon, Celestia needed protective forces, so Earth, unicorn, and Pegasi formed the E."
Rainbow Dash says: "U."
Rainbow Dash says: "P."
Rainbow Dash says: "Guard of the Protective Pony Platoons."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "?"
Rainbow Dash says: "And, at the celebration of the first Celestial year of peace, an elite flying squadron performed, headed by General Firefly, who later named the group the Wonderbolts!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh-huh..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Commander Easyglider established flight choreography that is still used by the Wonderbolts today!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I..."
Rainbow Dash says: "I know the history!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I know it all!"
Rainbow Dash says: "But how in Equestria did that happen?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You learned it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, I got that!"
Rainbow Dash says: "But how?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, on our first flight, I discovered that you catalog everything that happens all around you when you're flying, without even thinking about it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Don't you see?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I made use of your special skills by enlisting everypony to help you learn the history of the Wonderbolts!"
Fluttershy says: "I, Princess Celestia, banish you, Princess Luna, to the moon."
Rarity says: "Noooooo!"
Apple Bloom says: "Earth!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Unicorn!"
Scootaloo says: "Pegasus!"
Apple Bloom says: "E!"
Sweetie Belle says: "U!"
Scootaloo says: "P!"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup!"
Fluttershy says: "Let us celebrate our first Celestial year of peace!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yeah, let's party!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm General Firefly!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Gee, my costume is itchy and unattractive, but I'm gonna assemble an awesome flying team!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'll call them..."
Pinkie Pie says: "the Wonderbolts!"
Rarity says: "Streamlined style by Flair d'Mare!"
Pegasus Stallion #1 says: "Admiral Fairweather!"
"Downdraft" says: "Colonel Purple Dart!"
Sassaflash says: "Admiral Fairy Flight!"
Pegasus Stallion #2 says: "General Flash!"
"High Note" says: "Commander Easyglider!"
Fluttershy says: "The history of the Wonderbolts!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh my gosh, oh my gosh, oh my gosh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Thank you!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Thank you all so much!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're welcome, but it all came from you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You learned without knowing you're learning."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Your main focus is flying, but then your brain is also absorbing lots of other information!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's actually really brilliant!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ha, I always knew I was brilliant!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow Dash finally learned the history of the Wonderbolts, but she's not the only pony that needed a lesson; I needed to learn something just as important."
Twilight Sparkle says: "One way of learning isn't better than another."
Twilight Sparkle says: "After all, every pony is unique and individual."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeeeaah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoo!"