Previously on My Little Pony.
Fluttershy says: "What's wrong, Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It doesn't seem that my new role as a princess equates to all that much."
Lord Tirek says: "I am Lord Tirek, and I will take what should have been mine long ago."
Princess Luna says: "With each passing moment, he grows stronger still."
Princess Cadance says: "And I know just the princess who can stop him."
Princess Celestia says: "I'm afraid I must call in another to stop Tirek."
Discord says: "Oh, you're talking about me, I presume?"
Discord says: "Haven't you girls just learned so much?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And there's something interesting about the sections that Discord bookmarked."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Each of you received something from the pony whose life you helped change."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There's still one key missing."
Twilight Sparkle says: "My element."
Lord Tirek says: "Join me, Discord, and reclaim your greatness."
Princess Luna says: "Discord has betrayed the ponies of Equestria and joined forces with Tirek."
Princess Celestia says: "There is no doubt that Tirek is after Alicorn magic."
Princess Celestia says: "We must rid ourselves of our magic before Tirek has the chance to steal it from us."
Princess Luna says: "Tirek is set on possessing Alicorn magic."
Princess Luna says: "When he comes for us, we cannot have what he is looking for."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm more than willing to do my part and give up my magic."
Princess Luna says: "You misunderstand."
Princess Luna says: "Our magic cannot just disappear into thin air."
Princess Luna says: "Somepony must keep it safe."
Princess Cadance says: "That somepony is you, Twilight."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why me?"
Princess Celestia says: "We do not believe that Tirek is aware that a fourth Alicorn princess exists in Equestria."
Princess Celestia says: "If we transfer our magic to you, Tirek will not know where it has gone."
Princess Cadance says: "Do you understand what we're asking of you?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's just..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm only now learning how to control my own Alicorn magic."
Princess Cadance says: "Twilight, you represent the element of magic."
Princess Cadance says: "If there is anypony who can do this, it's you."
Princess Celestia says: "I'm sorry, Princess Twilight, but you must keep your new abilities a secret."
Princess Celestia says: "I fear that your friends being aware of your new power could put them at great risk."
Princess Celestia says: "Do you still think you can take on this responsibility?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is the role I am meant to play as a princess of Equestria!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I will not fail to do my duty!"
Princess Celestia says: "Then we must begin at once."
Discord says: "That can't be right."
Lord Tirek says: "What can't be right?"
Discord says: "Nothing."
Discord says: "Carry on."
Princess Celestia says: "It is done."
Spike says: "You weren't gone very long."
Spike says: "Does that mean everything's okay?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yep!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everything's fine!"
Spike says: "In that case, I'm going back to bed."
Spike says: "Sun's not up..."
Spike says: "and neither am I."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You can do this."
Discord says: "Shining Armor, why, whatever are you doing here?"
Shining Armor says: "Back off, traitor."
Lord Tirek says: "The only one Discord betrayed was himself."
Lord Tirek says: "Abandoning his true nature to make friends with weak-minded equines who offer him nothing!"
Shining Armor says: "How..."
Shining Armor says: "could you..."
Shining Armor says: "do this..."
Shining Armor says: "?"
Lord Tirek says: "Why don't you go and have a little fun?"
Lord Tirek says: "I won't stand in your way."
Lord Tirek says: "Where is your magic?!"
Lord Tirek says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I have to gain better control."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I sure can't practice here."
Spike says: "Uh, Twilight,  where are we goin'?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, uh, hi, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh, gotta go..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "somewhere..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "else."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Waaaaah!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Whoa!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yiiiipe!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ooh!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, my goodness, are you all right?"
Applejack says: "Jumpin' junebugs, Twilight!"
Applejack says: "When did you learn to fly that fast?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I must have caught a particularly strong breeze..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "or something."
Rainbow Dash says: "Must have been "or something", because there wasn't any breeze up there."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know what happened, but I don't really have time to figure it out right now."
Rarity says: "Another visit to the Castle of the Two Sisters, I presume?"
Rarity says: "We'd be more than happy to accompany you!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Not today!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Tirek may still be a threat."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I need you all to stay here and encourage everypony to remain inside."
Lord Tirek says: "Getting rid of your magic so that I cannot take it from you?"
Lord Tirek says: "That was your plan?"
Lord Tirek says: "How does it feel, knowing that soon, every Pegasus, unicorn and Earth pony will bow to my will, and that there is nothing you can do to stop it?"
Princess Celestia says: "You will not prevail, Tirek."
Lord Tirek says: "Give my regards to Cerberus."
Discord says: "You meant our will, didn't you?"
Lord Tirek says: "Of course."
Lord Tirek says: "Here, I want you to have something."
Lord Tirek says: "This was given to me by someone very close to me."
Lord Tirek says: "I give it to you as a sign of my gratitude and loyalty."
Discord says: "Oh, my!"
Discord says: "I do love a good accessory."
Discord says: "I suppose that's Rarity's influence."
Lord Tirek says: "Amusing."
Lord Tirek says: "But we have no time for such things."
Lord Tirek says: "With the princesses out of the way, we can now– is this meant to be humorous?!"
Lord Tirek says: "!"
Discord says: "Oh, no, I haven't touched that one yet."
Lord Tirek says: "There's a fourth?"
Lord Tirek says: "And you did not tell me this?!"
Lord Tirek says: "!"
Discord says: "I just needed some assurance that you truly considered this a team effort."
Discord says: "And now I have it."
Lord Tirek says: "Then where can we find this fourth princess?"
Lord Tirek says: "Where is her castle?"
Discord says: "Castle?"
Lord Tirek says: "Not for much longer."
Applejack says: "All right, y'all."
Applejack says: "I think we've warned everypony to stay inside."
Fluttershy says: "I'm sure Discord will catch Tirek and this will all be over soon."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'll bet he takes his sweet time."
Discord says: "Or perhaps these things just take time."
Fluttershy says: "You're back!"
Fluttershy says: "Did you bring the cucumber sandwiches?"
Discord says: "I did."
Discord says: "I imagine they'll be your last decent meal for quite some time."
Discord says: "Ta-da!"
Lord Tirek says: "You've gathered up all of them?"
Discord says: "And her little dragon, too."
Fluttershy says: "Why are you doing this?"
Fluttershy says: "I thought we were friends!"
Discord says: "Oh, we were."
Discord says: "But Tirek offered me so much more than just tea parties."
Discord says: "Surely you saw this coming."
Fluttershy says: "I didn't."
Fluttershy says: "I really didn't."
Lord Tirek says: "You really think she'd do anything for them?"
Discord says: "If Twilight has magic to give, it will be yours."
Discord says: "Soon there won't be a Pegasus, Earth pony or unicorn who will be able to stand up against us."
Lord Tirek says: "Us?"
Lord Tirek says: "Who said anything about us?"
Discord says: "You did."
Lord Tirek says: "You've helped me grow strong, you've provided the means by which I can obtain Princess Twilight's magic, and now you are no longer of any use to me."
Discord says: "But you said this was a sign of your gratitude and loyalty."
Discord says: "A gift from someone close to you."
Lord Tirek says: "My brother who betrayed me."
Lord Tirek says: "It is as worthless as he is."
Applejack says: "Surely you saw this comin'."
Discord says: "I didn't."
Discord says: "I truly didn't."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can do this."
Twilight Sparkle says: "See!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ha!"
Lord Tirek says: "Princess Twilight!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Tirek!"
Lord Tirek says: "You have something that belongs to me!"
Lord Tirek says: "You're going to give me what I want!"
Lord Tirek says: "Now I understand what your fellow princesses have done!"
Lord Tirek says: "It appears we are at an impasse."
Lord Tirek says: "How about a trade, Princess Twilight?"
Lord Tirek says: "Their release for all the Alicorn magic in Equestria."
Lord Tirek says: "What's it going to be, Princess?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Don't do it, Twilight!"
Fluttershy says: "We aren't worth it!"
Discord says: "Oh, but you are, Fluttershy."
Discord says: "You're the pony that taught me that friendship is magic."
Discord says: "I had magic and friendship, and now I don't have either."
Lord Tirek says: "Enough!"
Lord Tirek says: "I want an answer, and I want it now!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I will give you my magic, in exchange for my friends."
Lord Tirek says: "As you wish."
Twilight Sparkle says: "All of my friends."
Lord Tirek says: "After the way he has betrayed you, you still call him a 'friend'?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Release him!"
Lord Tirek says: "If that's what you want."
Discord says: "Thank you, Twilight."
Discord says: "I'm sorry."
Fluttershy says: "I know."
Lord Tirek says: "Your turn."
Lord Tirek says: "Yes!"
Spike says: "Twilight, what were you thinking?!"
Spike says: "!"
Discord says: "Tirek tricked me into believing that he could offer me something more valuable than friendship."
Discord says: "But there is nothing worth more."
Discord says: "I see that now."
Discord says: "He lied when he said that this medallion was given as a sign of gratitude and loyalty."
Discord says: "But when I say that it is a sign of our true friendship, I am telling the truth."
Applejack says: "You think that might be the last one we need?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We have to get to the chest."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Together!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think we have to do this together!"
Lord Tirek says: "How is this possible?!"
Lord Tirek says: "!"
Lord Tirek says: "You have no magic!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're wrong, Tirek!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I may have given you my Alicorn magic, but I carry within me the most powerful magic of all!"
Cerberus growls.
Rarity says: "Sweet Celestia!"
Rarity says: "Are you all seeing what I'm seeing?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "whose is it?"
Princess Celestia says: "I believe it is yours, Princess Twilight."
Princess Celestia says: "You've been wondering what you are meant to do as a princess."
Princess Celestia says: "Do you know now?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "As princess, I believe I have the power to spread the magic of friendship across Equestria."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That is the role I am meant to have in our world!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The role I choose to have!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I didn't defeat Tirek on my own – it took all of us to unlock the chest!"
Princess Celestia says: "Then it is unlikely you are meant to take on this task alone."
Pinkie Pie says: "Wowee!"
Princess Celestia says: "You are now Twilight Sparkle, the princess of friendship."
Princess Celestia says: "But what is the princess of friendship without her friends?"
Discord says: "Wait a minute, where's my throne?!"
Discord says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "I don't think you're quite there yet."
Discord says: "Yes, well, I suppose not."
Twilight Sparkle.
Each one of us has something special.
That makes us different, that makes us rare.
Fluttershy.
We have a light that shines within us.
That we were always meant to share.
All.
And when we come together.
Combine the light that shines within.
There is nothing we can't do.
There is no battle we can't win.
When we come together.
There'll be a star to guide the way.
It's inside us every day.
See it now! See it now!
Let the rainbow remind you.
That together we will always shine.
Let the rainbow remind you.
That forever this will be our time.
Twilight Sparkle.
Let the rainbow remind you.
That together we will always shine.
Princess Twilight's theme plays over credits.