Shopkeeper says: "May I help you, traveler?"
Shopkeeper says: "Hmm, something drew you to my shop..."
Shopkeeper says: "something powerful."
Shopkeeper says: "Ah, you have a keen eye."
Shopkeeper says: "The Alicorn Amulet is one of the most mysterious and powerful of all the known magical charms."
Shopkeeper says: "Uh, ah—"
Shopkeeper says: "I'm afraid this is..."
Shopkeeper says: "far too dangerous."
Shopkeeper says: "Would you like that gift-wrapped?"
Fluttershy says: "Don't be scared, little friends."
Fluttershy says: "Twilight is wonderful with magic."
Fluttershy says: "Anything happens to them, Twilight, so help me..."
Spike says: "Aww, don't worry, Fluttershy, Twilight's magic has gotten a lot better since she accidentally crushed me and Applejack with a giant snowball."
Fluttershy says: "Of course she's good with magic."
Fluttershy says: "Twilight's great with magic."
Fluttershy says: "I guess I just don't want my little friends to be scared."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, oh, look how scared they are!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I promise, Fluttershy."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nothing bad will happen to them."
Fluttershy says: "I know!"
Fluttershy says: "Stop, stop!"
Fluttershy says: "They can't take it!"
Spike says: "Twilight, that looks amazing!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Phew!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's all for now, little ones."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe we can practice again later, if Fluttershy says it's alright."
Spike says: "Your magic has really improved since we came to Ponyville, Twilight."
Spike says: "Princess Celestia's going to love it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thanks, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I have to be at my best when she arrives with the delegates from Saddle Arabia."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't believe she's trusting me with the entertainment."
Rainbow Dash says: "Twilight!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Come quick!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's an emergency!"
Rarity says: "You beast!"
Rarity says: "This shade of brown should only be used for accents!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Come on, Applejack."
Pinkie Pie says: "We've got to get her in a nice, soothing pink, stat!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What's going on here?"
Trixie says: "Well, well, well."
Trixie says: "If it isn't..."
Trixie says: "Twilight Sparkle."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Trixie!"
Spike says: "What's she doing here?"
Rainbow Dash says: "You call that great and powerful?"
Snips says: "Oh!"
Snips says: "She's Rainbow Wobble, now!"
Snails says: "Yeah!"
Snails says: "Ha ha ha ha!"
Snails says: "Good spell, oh Great and Powerful Trixie!"
Trixie says: "You two!"
Trixie says: "Quiet!"
Snips says: "Uh, hey!"
Snips says: "W—"
Snips says: "What happened?"
Snails says: "Get off of me!"
Snails says: "Brbrbr."
Snips says: "Let go!"
Snails says: "Go this way!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Stop picking on my friends, Trixie!"
Trixie says: "You and I have some unfinished business."
Trixie says: "My magic's gotten better since I was here last."
Trixie says: "And I'm going to prove it!"
Trixie says: "Me and you, a magic duel."
Trixie says: "Winner stays, loser leaves Ponyville forever!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Forget it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'd never make a deal like that!"
Trixie says: "Hm."
Trixie says: "Your choice."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Trixie, put him down."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why are you doing this?"
Trixie says: "Why?"
Trixie says: "Because you humiliated me!"
Trixie says: "After you showed me up with that Ursa Minor, I became a laughing stock!"
Trixie says: "Everywhere I went I was laughed at and ostracized."
Trixie says: "I even had to take a job on a rock farm just to earn a living!"
Trixie says: "A rock farm!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hey!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You're lucky a rock farm would take the likes of you!"
Trixie says: "Now I want revenge!"
Trixie says: "And I'll just keep casting spells 'til you agree."
Trixie says: "Well?"
Trixie says: "What do you say?"
Snails and Rainbow Dash grunting.
Spike says: "Whoooaah!"
Spike says: "Help..."
Spike says: "me!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Alright, Trixie."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Let's duel!"
Trixie says: "Excellent."
Trixie says: "If I lose, I won't set hoof in Ponyville again."
Trixie says: "But if you lose, you're the one banished from this one-horse town!"
Trixie says: "Draw!"
Trixie says: "Snips, Snails, step forward!"
Snips says: "Wh—"
Snips says: "what is it, oh Great and P—"
Snips says: "P—"
Snips says: "Powerful Trixie?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "An age spell?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "how could you do an age spell?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's only for the highest level unicorns!"
Trixie says: "Well, Twilight?"
Trixie says: "Give up?"
Spike says: "Come on, Twilight, you can do it!"
Trixie says: "Trixie is the highest level unicorn!"
Trixie says: "And now it's time for you to leave Ponyville!"
Trixie says: "FOREVER!"
Applejack says: "That's enough, Trixie!"
Rarity says: "You proved your point, but you can't possibly expect Twilight to leave Ponyville!"
Trixie says: "You fools!"
Trixie says: "She's already gone!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's okay, guys."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'll figure something out."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just take care of each other."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And keep an eye on Trixie."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There's something strange about her."
Spike says: "Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ugh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's impossible!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "How could Trixie know such advanced magic?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Without Spike, I can't get a message to the Princess in Saddle Arabia."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So who else do I know who understands strange and powerful magic?"
Zecora says: "Your tale of woe upsets me so."
Zecora says: "No wonder you're dour."
Zecora says: "It's an abuse of power!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know what to do, Zecora."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I feel like I've abandoned my friends."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I can't take her on horn-to-horn."
Zecora says: "If you train with me, so good you'll be."
Zecora says: "I'll show you the way to make sure she won't stay."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You'll train me in magic?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But she was doing age spells, weather spells, you name it!"
Zecora says: "When it comes to magic, it would be tragic if somepony licked me, especially Trixie."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You really think I can beat her?"
Zecora says: "Mm-hmm."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, when do we start?"
Trixie says: "You two!"
Trixie says: "Hurry up with my throne."
Trixie says: "And you, how long do I have to wait for my applesauce facial?"
Applejack says: "Forget it, Trixie!"
Applejack says: "I ain't doing nothin' 'til you let Twilight come home!"
Applejack says: "Okay, I'll do it!"
Applejack says: "Just make it stop!"
Applejack says: "Hoo!"
Trixie says: "I thought I told you to dance!"
Rarity says: "Oh, Trixie's cruel magic is ruining Ponyville."
Rarity says: "Ow!"
Rarity says: "Oh, somepony has to help us!"
Zecora says: "Ah, no noise, no sound, no din, no fuss must interfere with your focus."
Zecora says: "Unlearn what you have learned."
Zecora says: "Only then can victory be earned."
Zecora says: "There is much, much that I can teach, but the answer you need may still be out of reach."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sorry, Zecora."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm trying my best, but..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't stop thinking about Trixie."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There was something different about her."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's like she's gone from high and mighty to mean and nasty."
Zecora says: "Your thinking needs a readjust."
Zecora says: "Total concentration is a must."
Rarity says: "Ugh, this really doesn't seem to be getting us anywhere."
Applejack says: "I hear you, Pinkie."
Applejack says: "I can't find anything that describes the kind of magic Trixie's doin'."
Spike says: "Ugh, there must be something!"
Spike says: "Twilight has every magic book there is!"
Fluttershy says: "Um, I think I may have found something?"
Rarity says: "Yes, it's time for us to consider our futures in this new Trixie-led Ponyville."
Applejack says: "She wants me to grow apples with no peels!"
Applejack says: "Now how the hay am I supposed to do that?"
Fluttershy says: "It's called the Alicorn Amulet, and whoever wears it is blessed with untold—"
Spike says: "Hey, everypony, look!"
Spike says: "This book has a picture of Trixie's necklace!"
Spike says: "It's called the Alicorn Amulet, and whoever wears it is blessed with untold powers!"
Fluttershy says: "If you read a little further, you'll see—"
Rarity says: "Even though it provides great power, it also corrupts the user!"
Fluttershy says: "Yes, but, um, you can't—"
Spike says: "You can't just take the Alicorn Amulet off her neck, it has a magical lock!"
Spike says: "Trixie's the only pony who can take it off!"
Fluttershy says: "Maybe we could—"
Applejack says: "We need to get this information to Twilight."
Applejack says: "She'll know what to do."
Fluttershy says: "But, h—"
Fluttershy says: "how—"
Rarity says: "If any of us try to leave, Trixie's magical force field will tell her!"
Fluttershy says: "Maybe we should—"
Rainbow Dash says: "I've got it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Trying to sneak past the force field would be impossible without help, but I know who's got the goods to get into those woods!"
Fluttershy says: "It—"
Fluttershy says: "it must be—"
Rainbow Dash says: "Fluttershy!"
Fluttershy says: "Whaaat?!"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Applejack says: "What do you say, Fluttershy?"
Applejack says: "Can you handle the mission?"
Fluttershy says: "No!"
Fluttershy says: "I'll crack under the pressure!"
Fluttershy says: "I'll snap like a twig!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Perfect!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Fluttershy'll sneak out of Ponyville and find Twilight."
Fluttershy says: "But—"
Fluttershy says: "but I, I—"
Fluttershy says: "Okay."
Applejack says: "Alright!"
Rarity says: "I know just the design for a dangerous mission outfit!"
Trixie says: "Pull, you fools!"
Trixie says: "Somepony set off the magic force field, and Trixie intends to punish them!"
Snips says: "But..."
Snips says: "wouldn't it be faster if we had some..."
Snips says: "wheels?!"
Snips says: "!"
Trixie says: "The Great and Powerful Trixie doesn't trust wheels."
Trixie says: "Now pull faster!"
Snails says: "I'm telling ya, Snips, she's getting weirder and weirder!"
Trixie says: "Stop!"
Trixie says: "You there!"
Trixie says: "What are you doing?!"
Trixie says: "!"
Snails says: "Gah, why is she so mean to us?"
Snips says: "Yeah!"
Snips says: "I miss the days when she was just a fraud!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, oh dear!"
Fluttershy says: "Rarity's dangerous mission outfit is ruined!"
Fluttershy says: "Guess we'd better go back!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, okay, okay, you're right."
Fluttershy says: "I need to be brave and find Twilight."
Fluttershy says: "Oh!"
Fluttershy says: "Y—"
Fluttershy says: "you found her?"
Fluttershy says: "She's in the Everfree Forest?!"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, this is me being brave!"
Fluttershy says: "I wanna be brave at home, locked in my closet, with my teddy bear!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't believe I didn't recognize the Alicorn Amulet!"
Fluttershy says: "The more she uses it, the more it will corrupt her!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But how am I supposed to beat that amulet?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "My magic's not good enough!"
Zecora says: "Twilight Sparkle, much work have you done."
Zecora says: "You learned all of my lessons; all but one."
Zecora says: "If Trixie's tricks have you in a fix, you must nix your magic and use the six."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nix your magic, use the six..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nix your magic, use the six!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Use the six!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Zecora, you're a genius!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now we'll need to get you back inside Ponyville, Fluttershy."
Trixie says: "This better not be another false alarm, or the Great and Powerful Trixie will–  What's the matter, Twilight Sparkle?"
Trixie says: "Not enjoying your exile?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know about the Alicorn Amulet."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know you cheated."
Trixie says: "Cheated?"
Trixie says: "Moi?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yeah."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And I thought you might wanna see what a real magical amulet looks like."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Zecora gave it to me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "and it's way more powerful than your measly little Alicorn Amulet!"
Trixie says: "Ha!"
Trixie says: "Nothing's more powerful than the Alicorn Amulet!"
Trixie says: "And nopony's more powerful than the Great and Powerful Trixie!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "How about another duel?"
Trixie says: "Why should I?"
Trixie says: "I already beat you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's up to you!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I guess you'll never see the totally awesome magic from beyond the Everfree Forest."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come on, Zecora."
Trixie says: "Wait!"
Trixie says: "Okay, okay, you're on!"
Trixie says: "A second duel."
Trixie says: "Let's start with a simple age spell, shall we?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Let's."
Trixie says: "Snips, Snails."
Trixie says: "An oldie, but a goodie, ha."
Trixie says: "Now, let's see what your little charm can do."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No problem."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Um, Applejack, Rarity?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Could you help me, please?"
Applejack says: "Huh?"
Rarity says: "Huh?"
Trixie says: "Oh, ho-hum."
Trixie says: "So you can do an age spell, big deal."
Trixie says: "That's..."
Trixie says: "That's impossible!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's nothing!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yow!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Duplication spell."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ever see one pony play ten instruments?"
Trixie says: "This..."
Trixie says: "just can't be!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ooh, one more."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can turn a mare into a stallion."
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, Trixie, looks like my amulet is more powerful than yours– Hey!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Give it back!"
Trixie says: "With this amulet, I shall now rule all of Equestria!"
Trixie says: "Witness, my subjects."
Trixie says: "Gaze upon an ever greater and 'powerful-er' Trixie!"
Trixie says: "Hey!"
Trixie says: "I don't need that old Alicorn Amulet."
Trixie says: "I have this!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Stop it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Tha—"
Rainbow Dash says: "that tickles!"
Trixie says: "Tickles?!"
Trixie says: "!"
Trixie says: "That was supposed to make you writhe in agony!"
Trixie says: "This amulet is defective!"
Trixie says: "Give mine back!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Sorry."
Rainbow Dash says: "This is going back into hiding where it belongs."
Twilight Sparkle says: "By the way, Trixie, the amulet around your neck?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's one of Zecora's doorstops."
Trixie says: "But..."
Trixie says: "how did you do those spells?"
Trixie says: "Nopony can do those spells!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Not even me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Zecora taught me so much about magic while I was in exile."
Twilight Sparkle says: "She even taught me when not to use it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "My magic alone wasn't powerful enough to take on the Alicorn Amulet head to head, so I needed to use a different kind of magic – the magic of friendship."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I also knew that the only pony who could get the amulet off your neck was you."
Trixie says: "But..."
Trixie says: "what about the pony with the ten instruments?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's not magic."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That was just Pinkie Pie."
Saddle Arabian delegates says: "Oooh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Trixie?"
Trixie says: "It's the least I could do."
Trixie says: "I treated you and your friends so horribly when I was wearing that Alicorn Amulet."
Trixie says: "I just couldn't control myself."
Trixie says: "You can forgive me, can't you?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hmmm."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sure."
Trixie says: "Oh, good."
Trixie says: "Don't you think the Great and Apologetic Trixie is the most magnificent humble pony you've ever seen?!"
Trixie says: "!"