Twilight Sparkle says: "We're getting closer!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I can hardly wait!"
Fluttershy says: "I'm so excited, I—"
Fluttershy says: "I feel like shouting!"
Fluttershy says: "Woo-hoo!"
Applejack says: "Hooo-wee!"
Applejack says: "Canterlot, here we come!"
Rarity says: "Oh, I do hope I look festive enough!"
Pinkie Pie says: "There it is!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Canterlot!"
Main cast says: "Oooh..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, isn't Canterlot wonderful this time of year?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah, I wish it was Hearth's Warming Eve every day."
Applejack says: "There's so much to look at!"
Applejack says: "I feel like my durned eyes are gonna pop right out of my head!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I have an idea, let's play 'I spy with my little eye' as we walk!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'll go first."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I spy..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "an eight-foot candy cane."
Rainbow Dash says: "I spy a snowpony!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I spy somepony eating a gingerbread house..."
Pinkie Pie says: "..."
Pinkie Pie says: "and it's me!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't believe that Princess Celestia chose us to put on the most important play of the season!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Do you guys know what an honor this is?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "For all of us?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I wish she hadn't honored me quite so much..."
Fluttershy says: "I can't go onstage!"
Fluttershy says: "I don't want everypony looking at me!"
Rarity says: "Fluttershy, darling, there's nothing to feel nervous about."
Fluttershy says: "No?"
Rarity says: "Of course not."
Rarity says: "All across Equestria, ponies are preparing their own pageants for Hearth's Warming Eve in their own towns."
Rarity says: "It's tradition."
Fluttershy says: "So you're saying they'll be too busy to come to our play?"
Rarity says: "Well, no."
Rarity says: "We're in the Canterlot pageant, the biggest, most important production in all of Equestria."
Rarity says: "A lot of ponies will come to watch us."
Fluttershy says: "A lot?"
Rarity says: "Hundreds."
Fluttershy says: "Hundreds?"
Rarity says: "Maybe even thousands!"
Rarity says: "Oh, my hair!"
Rarity says: "Applejack?"
Rarity says: "Be a dear and shut those windows, will you?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Aaah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Rain-bow-Dash!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Rain-bow-Dash!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Aaaah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Thank you, thank you!"
Applejack says: "It's a reenactment of the founding of Equestria."
Applejack says: "It's not the 'Rainbow Dash Show'."
Rainbow Dash says: "Well it should be the 'Rainbow Dash Show'!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm the star!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy, you've got to come out of there!"
Spike says: "Curtain in two minutes!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Twilight, let me handle this."
Rarity says: "My hair!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "PINKIE!"
Applejack says: "The Hearth's Warming Eve pageant is about harmony and friendship."
Other main cast says: "Shut the window!"
Spike says: "Once upon a time, long before the peaceful rule of Celestia, and before ponies discovered our beautiful land of Equestria, ponies did not know harmony."
Spike says: "It was a strange and dark time."
Spike says: "A time when ponies were torn apart..."
Spike says: "by hatred!"
Spike says: "During this frightful age, each of the three tribes – the Pegasi, the unicorns, and the Earth ponies – cared not for what befell the other tribes, but only for their own welfare."
Spike says: "In those troubled times, as now, the Pegasi were the stewards of the weather."
Spike says: "But they demanded something in return: food that could only be grown by the Earth ponies."
Spike says: "The unicorns demanded the same, in return for magically bringing forth day and night."
Spike says: "And so, mistrust between the tribes festered until, one fateful day, it came to a boil."
Spike says: "And what prompted the ponies to clash?"
Spike says: "'Twas a mysterious blizzard that overtook the land, and toppled the tribes' precarious peace."
Spike says: "The normally industrious Earth ponies were unable to farm their land."
Spike says: "The Earth ponies were freezing."
Spike says: "The home of the Pegasi fared no better."
Spike says: "The Pegasi were hungry."
Spike says: "And the unicorns were freezing and hungry."
Spike says: "Even the unicorns' magic was powerless against the storm."
Spike says: "Each tribe blamed the others for their suffering, and the angrier everypony grew, the worse the blizzard became."
Spike says: "And so it was decided that a grand summit would be held to figure out a way to cope with the blizzard."
Spike says: "Each tribe sent their leaders."
Spike says: "Daughter of the unicorn king, Princess Platinum."
Spike says: "Ruler of the Pegasi, Commander Hurricane."
Spike says: "And lastly..."
Spike says: "..."
Spike says: "leader of the Earth ponies, Chancellor Puddinghead."
Spike says: "Perhaps the three tribes could finally settle their differences, and agree on a way to get through this disaster."
Rainbow Dash says: "All I wanna know is why the Earth ponies are hogging all the food!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Us?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "We're not hogging all the food, you are!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, wait, you're right."
Pinkie Pie says: "It's us."
Pinkie Pie says: "Well, it's only 'cause you mean old Pegasusususes are making it snow like crazy!"
Rainbow Dash says: "For the hundredth time, it's not us!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We're not making it snow!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It must be the unicorns!"
Rainbow Dash says: "They're doing it with their freaky magic!"
Rarity says: "How dare you!"
Rarity says: "Unlike you Pegasi ruffians, we unicorns would never stoop to such a thing!"
Rarity says: "H-m-ph!"
Unicorns says: "Hmph!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Well, if you non-Earths aren't gonna stop using your weirdo powers to freeze us all, then I'm just plum out of ideas."
Rainbow Dash says: "What a shocker."
Rainbow Dash says: "An Earth pony with no ideas."
Rarity says: "Commander Hurricane, please cease with the insults!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You're not the boss of me, your royal snootiness!"
Rarity says: "I beg your pardon?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "I am a princess!"
Rarity says: "I won't be spoken to that way!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, I'm leaving first!"
Pinkie Pie says: "No, I'm first!"
Spike says: "And the blizzard raged on."
Spike says: "So the summit of the tribes did not turn out as well as hoped, and the three leaders returned home to lick their wounds..."
Spike says: "and basically complain."
Rainbow Dash says: "Atten-tion!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Well?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Aren't you curious about how it went?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh!"
Fluttershy says: "Commander Hurricane, sir!"
Fluttershy says: "How did it go, sir?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Horribly!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Those other tribe leaders are so disrespectful!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Don't they realize that we are a mighty tribe of warriors, and should not be crossed?"
Rainbow Dash says: "We have got to break ranks with those weak foals!"
Rarity says: "Clover the Clever!"
Rarity says: "I need you!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes, your Majesty."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Did the other pony tribes see reason as I predicted?"
Rarity says: "Those other tribes are impossible!"
Rarity says: "I, for one, can no longer bear to be anywhere near those lowly creatures."
Rarity says: "The unicorns are noble and majestic."
Rarity says: "We will no longer consort with the likes of them!"
Applejack says: "Wouldn't it have been easier to use the door, Chancellor?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Maybe for you, Smart Cookie."
Pinkie Pie says: "But I am a chancellor."
Pinkie Pie says: "I was elected because I know how to think outside the box."
Pinkie Pie says: "Which means  I can also think inside the chimney."
Pinkie Pie says: "Can you think inside a chimney?"
Applejack says: "Uh..."
Pinkie Pie says: "I didn't think so."
Applejack says: "Ugh."
Pinkie Pie says: "Ohmygosh."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hold on to your hooves!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I am just about to be brilliant!"
Applejack says: "That'd be a first."
Pinkie Pie says: "I have decided that the Earth ponies are gonna go it alone!"
Applejack says: "Aw, so you mean the other tribes didn't come around?"
Applejack says: "Shoot..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Don't worry about them."
Pinkie Pie says: "We're the ones with all the food, right?"
Applejack says: "Actually, we're all out."
Pinkie Pie says: "Fine, then we'll have to go somewhere new where we can grow some new food."
Pinkie Pie says: "And with me as our fearless leader, what could go wrong?"
Applejack says: "Where should I start?"
Pinkie Pie says: "The point is..."
Pinkie Pie says: "We must find a new land!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We must find a new land!"
Rarity says: "We must find a new land!"
Rainbow Dash says: "C'mon, Private Pansy, let's get a move on!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hup-one, hup-two!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Get a hold of yourself, Private!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We cannot let anything distract us from the mission at hand."
Rainbow Dash says: "To find, and if necessary, to conquer a new land!"
Fluttershy says: "Conquer, sir?"
Rainbow Dash says: "You never know where enemies might be lurking."
Fluttershy says: "I don't see any enemies, Commander."
Fluttershy says: "Just..."
Fluttershy says: "snow."
Rainbow Dash says: "A-ha!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What's that?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay."
Rainbow Dash says: "This is getting old."
Rarity says: "Oh, this is simply taking forever."
Rarity says: "My hooves are killing me!"
Rarity says: "How long have we been walking for?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "About five minutes, your highness."
Rarity says: "Oh, I never imagined finding a new land would be so hard."
Rarity says: "But it'll all be worth it, don't you agree?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I actually think that the three tribes could've tried harder."
Rarity says: "Stoooooop!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What's wrong?"
Rarity says: "That is what's wrong!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Your Highness, it's just a stream."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We can cross it easily."
Rarity says: "I refuse to get my gown wet."
Rarity says: "I have no intention of arriving at my new land looking like a bedraggled Earth pony, or worse yet a rough-and-tumble Pegasus."
Rarity says: "I, for one, have no intention of stooping down to their level."
Rarity says: "On the other hand, I have no trouble watching you stoop down."
Rarity says: "And do watch the gown, darling."
Rarity says: "It's worth more than all of the books in your library."
Pinkie Pie says: "Yes, yes."
Pinkie Pie says: "This is definitely the right direction."
Applejack says: "It feels like we're going in circles."
Pinkie Pie says: "But that's impossible."
Pinkie Pie says: "Are you suggesting that I'm reading the map wrong?"
Applejack says: "Absolutely not, your chancellorness."
Pinkie Pie says: "Of course!"
Pinkie Pie says: "How else could I see where I was going?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Or talk?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I need to be able to talk!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I mean, how would we survive if I just suddenly shut up?"
Applejack says: "Heaven forbid that should happen, your chancellorship."
Applejack says: "Heh."
Applejack says: "It's just that..."
Applejack says: "the map is also upside down."
Pinkie Pie says: "I got a newsflash for you, Cookie."
Pinkie Pie says: "The Earth is round."
Pinkie Pie says: "There is no up or down."
Applejack says: "You're right!"
Applejack says: "It's such a relief to me that you're in charge of this map..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Relief?"
Pinkie Pie says: "You don't need relief!"
Pinkie Pie says: "If anypony needs relief around here, it's me!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm a chancellor!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm a bigshot!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You're just my, um..."
Pinkie Pie says: "my, uh..."
Applejack says: "Secretary."
Pinkie Pie says: "Whatever."
Pinkie Pie says: "You take the map while I enjoy some relief."
Applejack says: "Yes, Chancellor Puddinghead."
Spike says: "And so, each leader encountered obstacles along the way, but eventually, they all arrived in a new and wondrous land."
Spike says: "Nopony had ever seen paradise before."
Rainbow Dash says: "This is the new land we've been searching for!"
Fluttershy says: "What a view..."
Fluttershy says: "I can see my future house from here."
Rainbow Dash says: "I proclaim this new land to be..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Pegasopolis!"
Rarity says: "I've never seen such jewels!"
Rarity says: "This ruby is dazzling."
Rarity says: "This whole land is dazzling."
Rarity says: "I'm double dazzled!"
Rarity says: "In the name of the unicorns, I hereby dub this land Unicornia!"
Pinkie Pie says: "The air!"
Pinkie Pie says: "The trees!"
Pinkie Pie says: "The dirt!"
Pinkie Pie says: "This dirt is the dirtiest dirt in the whole dirt world!"
Applejack says: "And fertile, too."
Applejack says: "Perfect for growing food."
Pinkie Pie says: "In the name of the Earth ponies, I think I'm gonna call this new place..."
Pinkie Pie says: "uh..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Dirtville!"
Applejack says: "How about "Earth"?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Earth!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Congratulations to me for thinking of it."
Pinkie Pie says: "We found our new home!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We found our new home!"
Rarity says: "We found our new home!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I planted my flag first!"
Rarity says: "Did not!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Did too!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I planted mine earlier than first."
Rarity says: "All of you riffraff are trespassing in Unicornia!"
Rainbow Dash says: "The name is Pegasopolis!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Earth!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Pegasopolis!"
Rarity says: "Unicornia!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I say we fight for the land."
Rainbow Dash says: "May the best pony win!"
Rarity says: "That's barbaric."
Rarity says: "Clover the Clever, throw that brute into the dungeon!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What dungeon?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Look, perhaps if we all calmed down..."
Applejack says: "I agree."
Applejack says: "Let's all calm down."
Fluttershy says: "I vote for calm."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'll have you court-martialed for insubordination, Private!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We settle this on the battlefield!"
Rarity says: "Who dares throw a snowball at royalty?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Wait a minute, where'd all this snow come from anyway?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh no."
Rainbow Dash says: "Not again."
Spike says: "And so the paradise that the ponies had found was soon lost, buried beneath a thick blanket of snow and hard feelings."
Spike says: "Instead of beautiful, it was blizzardy."
Spike says: "Instead of wonderful, it was wintry!"
Spike says: "Instead of spectacular, it was snow-tacular!"
Shoeshine says: "We get it!"
Shoeshine says: "Move on!"
Spike says: "Everypony was forced to seek shelter."
Spike says: "They searched high and low, but the only shelter for miles was a cold and desolate cave."
Spike says: "And, of course, the three tribes had to share it, and nopony was too happy about that."
Rarity says: "Please, Commander Hothead."
Rainbow Dash says: "It's Commander Hurricane."
Rarity says: "Please, Commander, could you just stand back and give me my royal space?"
Rainbow Dash says: "You mean like this, your highness?"
Rarity says: "Indeed not!"
Rarity says: "You see this invisible line?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Private, outline our territory for everypony to see."
Rainbow Dash says: "See this real, non-invisible line?"
Rainbow Dash says: "No unicorns or Earth ponies are allowed to cross it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "This is the sovereign territory of Pegasopolis!"
Rarity says: "Clover the Clever?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Uh..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Smart Cookie!"
Applejack says: "I know, I know."
Rainbow Dash says: "What are you doing?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Don't go around the rock, go over it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm not giving up an inch of territory to the enemy!"
Rarity says: "That rock is clearly on the Unicornia side of the cave, and it belongs to us!"
Rarity says: "Who knows?"
Rarity says: "There could be jewels inside."
Rainbow Dash says: "I claim this rock for Pegasopolis!"
Rarity says: "Unhand that rock this instant, you scoundrel!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, look, you found my rock."
Pinkie Pie says: "I've been looking for it everywhere."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You invaded our territory!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Finders keepers, losers weepers!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That's the last straw!"
Rarity says: "Give me my rock!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Look, everypony!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The entrance!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Great."
Rainbow Dash says: "Now there's no way out!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We're trapped!"
Rarity says: "You two deserve this horrible fate."
Rarity says: "You've done nothing but argue and fight with each other!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You've been fighting too, your Highness."
Pinkie Pie says: "Yeah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Worse!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I haven't been fighting nearly as much as you!"
Rarity says: "How ridiculous!"
Rarity says: "A unicorn never stoops to fighting!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That's just 'cause you wimpy unicorns know you'd never win!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Earth ponies are numbskulls!"
Rarity says: "Pegasi are brutes!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Unicorns are snobs!"
Fluttershy says: "W-W-What is that..."
Fluttershy says: "thing?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "They must be..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "windigos!"
Applejack says: "Windigos?"
Fluttershy says: "Windigos?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "My mentor Star Swirl the Bearded taught me about them."
Twilight Sparkle says: "They're winter spirits that feed off fighting and hatred."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The more hate the spirit feels, the colder things become!"
Applejack says: "Then..."
Applejack says: "this is our fault."
Applejack says: "We three tribes..."
Applejack says: "we brought this blizzard to our home by fightin' and not trustin' each other."
Applejack says: "Now it's destroyin' this land, too."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And now our bodies will become as cold as our hearts..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "all because we were foolish enough to hate."
Fluttershy says: "Well, I don't hate you..."
Fluttershy says: "I actually hate Commander Hurricane a lot more than I hate you guys."
Fluttershy says: "Actually, I don't really hate her, I just really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really dislike her."
Applejack says: "Well, I don't hate you guys either."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nor do I."
Applejack says: "No matter what our differences, we're all ponies."
Fluttershy says: "What was that?"
Applejack says: "I didn't know unicorns could do that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I didn't either."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nothing like this has ever happened before."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I know it couldn't have been just me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It came from all three of us, joined together, in friendship."
Spike says: "And it even began to melt their hearts."
Spike says: "The three leaders agreed to share the beautiful land, and live in harmony ever afterwards."
Spike says: "And together, they named their new land..."
Main cast says: "Equestria!"
Choir.
The fire of friendship lives in our hearts.
As long as it burns, we cannot drift apart.
Though quarrels arise, their numbers are few.
Laughter and singing will see us through will see us through.
We are a circle of pony friends.
A circle of friends we'll be to the very end.
Twilight Sparkle says: "We should be so honored that Princess Celestia chose us!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "She must really think we exemplify what good friends are!"
Rarity says: "Applejack, I thought you closed all the windows."
Applejack says: "Don't blame me."
Applejack says: "Rainbow Dash should've flown up there and shut it."
Applejack says: "After all, she's got wings."
Rainbow Dash says: "Why do I always have to do all the high up chores?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Why can't Twilight use her magic for a change!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Y'know what?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I got it."