Fluttershy says: "Who could that be?"
Fluttershy says: "It's still dark!"
Rainbow Dash says: "C'mon, Fluttershy!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Cider season's about to start!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, where are we?"
Fluttershy says: "What's the rush?"
Rainbow Dash says: "The rush?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Don't you remember what happened last year?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Or the year before that?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Or pretty much any cider season ever?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Pinkie Pie."
Rainbow Dash says: "She always ends up ahead of us in line, and then they always run out of cider!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, not this year!"
Rainbow Dash says: "This year I'm gonna get there before sunrise, so I can drink all the cider I want and laugh when she doesn't get any!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's the perfect plan."
Fluttershy says: "Gee, Rainbow Dash."
Fluttershy says: "It looks like a few other ponies had the same idea."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, gosh, Pinkie."
Fluttershy says: "I love your new style."
Rainbow Dash says: "Who are all these ponies?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Isn't this great?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I couldn't sleep last night 'cause I was so excited about cider season, and I had this brilliant idea to come down here and camp out, so I told a few others about it, and they all thought it was a great idea too, and now it's just a big old cider party!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Woo-hoo!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, gosh, that's a lot of ponies."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hope they don't run out before you get any."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Isn't this exciting, Spike?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Opening day of cider season!"
Spike says: "Yeah!"
Spike says: "That means it's only thirty more days 'til sapphire season!"
Applejack says: "Attention, everypony!"
Applejack says: "Cider season is now officially open!"
Applejack says: "Heh."
Applejack says: "Sorry, everypony!"
Applejack says: "That's it for today!"
Ponies says: "Awww."
Rainbow Dash says: "Surprise, surprise."
Rainbow Dash says: "You ran out again!"
Caramel says: "Yeah, you always run out!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Why can't you make enough cider for all of us?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Or at least for me!"
Applejack says: "Hold on, everypony."
Caramel says: "You always say that!"
Applejack says: "And it's always true."
Applejack says: "But Apple family cider is made with love and integrity, and only the highest quality apples in Equestria."
Applejack says: "Sorry, but that recipe takes time."
Applejack says: "If y'all just be patient, we'll have plenty more tomorrow."
Pinkie Pie says: "She's right, y'know!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You can't rush perfection!"
Pinkie Pie says: "And this year's batch was perfection!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'll never forget the cider I just drank!"
Pinkie Pie says: "It was a moment in time that will never exist again."
Applejack says: "What in Equestria is that?"
Flim.
Well, lookie what we got here, brother of mine, it's the same in every town.
Ponies with thirsty throats, dry tongues, and not a drop of cider to be found.
Maybe they're not aware that there's really no need for this teary despair.
Flam.
That the key that they need to solve this sad cider shortage you and I will share.
Flim and Flam.
Well you've got opportunity.
In this very community.
Flam.
He's Flim.
Flim.
He's Flam.
Flim and Flam.
We're the world famous Flim Flam Brothers.
Traveling salesponies nonpareil.
Pinkie Pie says: "Nonpa-what?"
Flim.
Nonpareil, and that's exactly the reason why, you see.
No pony else in this whole place will give you such a chance to be where you need to be.
And that's a new world, with tons of cider.
Fresh squeezed and ready for drinking.
Flam.
More cider than you could drink in all your days of thinking.
Rainbow Dash says: "I doubt that."
Flim and Flam.
So take this opportunity.
Flim, Flam, and Crowd.
In this very community.
Flam.
He's Flim.
Flim.
He's Flam.
Flim and Flam.
We're the world famous Flim Flam Brothers.
Traveling salesponies.
Flim, Flam, and Crowd.
Nonpareil.
Flim.
I suppose by now you're wondering 'bout our peculiar mode of transport.
Flam.
I say, our mode of locomotion.
Flim.
And I suppose by now you're wondering, where is this promised cider?
Flam.
Any horse can make a claim and any pony can do the same.
Flim.
But my brother and I have something most unique and superb.
Unseen at any time in this big new world.
Flim and Flam.
And that's opportunity.
Flim.
Folks, it's the one and only, the biggest and the best.
Flam.
The unbelievable.
Flim.
Unimpeachable.
Flam.
Indispensable.
Flim.
I-can't-believe-able.
Flim and Flam.
Flim Flam Brothers' Super Speedy Cider Squeezy 6000.
Flam says: "What d'you say, sister?"
Crowd.
Oh, we got opportunity.
In this very community.
Please, Flim, please, Flam, help us out of this jam.
With your Flim Flam Brothers' Super Speedy Cider Squeezy 6000.
Flim says: "Young filly, I would be ever so honored if you might see fit to let my brother and I borrow some of your delicious, and might I add spellbindingly fragrant apples for our little demonstration here?"
Applejack says: "Uh, sure, I guess."
Crowd.
Opportunity, in our community.
Flam.
Ready, Flim?
Flim.
Ready, Flam?
Flim and Flam.
Let's bing bang zam!
Flim says: "And show these thirsty ponies a world of delectable cider!"
Crowd.
Cider, cider, cider, cider... continues until Granny Smith interrupts.
Flim says: "Watch closely, my friends!"
Flam.
The fun begins!
Flim says: "Now, here's where the magic happens."
Flim says: "Right here in this heaving, roiling, cider-press-boiling guts of the very machine, those apples plucked fresh are right now as we speak being turned into grade-A, top-notch, five-star, blow-your-horseshoes-off, one-of-a-kind cider!"
Flam.
Feel free to take a sneak peek!
Granny Smith.
Now wait, you fellers, hold it!
You went and over-sold it!
I guarantee that what you have there won't compare.
For the very most important ingredient.
Can't be added or done expedient.
And it's quality, friends, Apple Acres' quality and care!
Flim.
Well, Granny, I'm glad you brought that up, my dear, I say I'm glad you brought that up.
You see that we are very picky when it comes to cider if you'll kindly try a cup.
Flam.
Yes, sir, yes, ma'am, this great machine lets just the very best.
So whaddaya say then, Apples?
Care to step into the modern world.
And put the Super Speedy Cider Squeezy 6000 to the test?
Crowd.
Cider, cider, cider, cider... continues until Flim and Flam begin singing.
Flim says: "What do you think, folks?"
Flim says: "Do you see what the Apples can't?"
Flim says: "I see it clear as day!"
Flim says: "I know she does!"
Flim says: "So does he!"
Flim says: "C'mon, Ponyville, you know what I'm talking about!"
Flim and Flam.
We're saying you've got.
Flim, Flam, and Crowd.
Opportunity.
In this very community.
He's Flim, he's Flam.
We're the world famous Flim Flam Brothers.
Traveling salesponies nonpareil!
Flim and Flam.
Yeah!
Apple Bloom says: "You got a deal!"
Granny Smith says: "Not so fast!"
Granny Smith says: "No way no how that machine matches up with the care we put in our cider!"
Apple Bloom says: "But if it really does work, we could make everypony in town happy!"
Applejack says: "I just don't know, y'all."
Applejack says: "We've always made cider the same way."
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Big McIntosh says: "Huh?"
Flim says: "We'll sweeten the deal."
Flim says: "You supply the apples..."
Flam says: "..."
Flam says: "We supply the Super Speedy Cider Squeezy 6000."
Flim says: "Then we split those sweet sweet profits..."
Flam says: "Then we split those sweet sweet profits..."
Flim says: "..."
Flim says: "Seventy-five..."
Flam says: "..."
Flam says: "Twenty-five."
Applejack says: "Hold on."
Applejack says: "Who gets the seventy five?"
Flim says: "Why, us, naturally."
Flam says: "And, we'll throw in the magic to power the machine for free."
Applejack says: "Cider sales keep our business afloat through the winter."
Applejack says: "We'd lose Sweet Apple Acres if we agreed to this."
Flim says: "So?"
Flam says: "So?"
Flim says: "What'll it be?"
Flam says: "What'll it be?"
Big McIntosh says: "No deal."
Flim says: "Hmph."
Flim says: "Very well."
Flim says: "If you refuse our generous offer to be partners, then we'll just have to be competitors."
Applejack says: "You wouldn't dare."
Flim says: "Oh no?"
Flam says: "Don't you worry, everypony!"
Flam says: "There'll be plenty of cider for all of you!"
Flim says: "Once we drive Sweet Apple Acres out of business."
Apple Bloom says: "What?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Still worried about Flim and Flam?"
Spike says: "Granny Smith says they were just blowing hot air."
Applejack says: "I'm not so sure."
Applejack says: "They sounded mighty serious when they threatened to run us out of business."
Apple Bloom says: "That's it!"
Apple Bloom says: "Last cup!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, for Pete's sake!"
Apple Bloom says: "C'mon back tomorrow, everypony!"
Cider Squeezy 6000 clunking.
Flim says: "What seems to be the problem here?"
Flam says: "Oh my, oh my, out of cider again?"
Flim says: "What have we here?"
Flim says: "Who'd like a cup?"
Flam says: "Don't worry, everypony, we've got the Super Speedy Cider Squeezy 6000 to make more in an instant!"
Applejack says: "You can't sell that cider!"
Applejack says: "That's made from Apple family apples!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Is this some kind of cruel joke?"
Flim says: "Don't worry, everypony, there are plenty of apples in Equestria."
Flim says: "We'll find some others and make more cider than all of Ponyville can drink!"
Apple Bloom says: "We'll make more cider than you could ever imagine!"
Granny Smith says: "Now, it ain't about the speed, young'un, it's about quality."
Rainbow Dash says: "Who cares how good the cider is if I never get to drink any?"
Flim says: "Oh, look at these poor, dissatisfied ponies."
Apple Bloom says: "Ponyville is Sweet Apple Cider country!"
Applejack says: "Our cider speaks for itself!"
Flim says: "Let's put it to the test!"
Apple Bloom says: "Anywhere, anytime!"
Granny Smith says: "Well, that's enough now."
Flam says: "With our machine, we can make enough cider in one hour to satisfy this entire town!"
Apple Bloom says: "We'll do it in 45 minutes!"
Granny Smith says: "Easy, Apple Bloom, easy."
Flim says: "What's the matter, Granny Smith?"
Flim says: "Chicken?"
Granny Smith says: "What did you call me, sonny?"
Flim says: "If you're so confident in your cider, then what's the problem?"
Granny Smith says: "Tomorrow mornin', right here!"
Flam says: "But I'm afraid we haven't any..."
Flam says: "..."
Flam says: "apples."
Granny Smith says: "You can use our south field!"
Granny Smith says: "It'll be worth it to teach y'all a thing or two about cider making!"
Flim says: "Excellent; we have a bet."
Flim says: "Whoever produces the most barrels in one hour wins the exclusive right to sell cider in Ponyville."
Granny Smith says: "And after we beat ya, I don't never want to see you bambahoozlers around here again!"
Flam says: "Until tomorrow."
Cider Squeezy 6000 driving off.
Twilight Sparkle says: "Don't worry, Applejack, I know you'll win tomorrow!"
Applejack says: "We'd better, 'cause if we don't, we're gonna lose our farm."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Applejack?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you sure this is such a good idea?"
Applejack says: "Me 'n' the family are..."
Applejack says: "one hundred percent confident..."
Applejack says: "in our cider making capabilities."
Apple Bloom says: "And besides, nopony calls Granny a chicken."
Mayor Mare says: "Attention, everypony!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, good luck."
Applejack says: "Thanks, Twilight."
Applejack says: "We'll need it."
Mayor Mare says: "The teams have one hour to produce as much cider as they can, after which the barrels will be counted and the winner will be named the sole cider provider for all of Ponyville!"
Mayor Mare says: "Are both teams ready?"
Applejack says: "Ready!"
Flim says: "Ready!"
Flam says: "Ready!"
Mayor Mare says: "Then let's..."
Mayor Mare says: "go!"
Granny Smith says: "Ugh, bad 'un."
Granny Smith says: "Good 'un!"
Granny Smith says: "Bad 'un..."
Applejack says: "Great job, y'all!"
Applejack says: "We've already filled an entire barrel!"
Apple Bloom says: "What?!"
Apple Bloom says: "!"
Applejack says: "C'mon, Apple Bloom, focus!"
Applejack says: "We gotta forget those guys if we're gonna have a chance of winnin'!"
Apple Bloom says: "Sorry, sis!"
Apple Bloom says: "Better keep up, Granny, we're fallin' behind!"
Granny Smith says: "Egh..."
Granny Smith says: "Good 'un..."
Granny Smith says: "Ugh, bad 'un..."
Applejack says: "Rest when it's over, Big McIntosh!"
Applejack says: "Ride!"
Applejack says: "Ride!"
Rarity says: "This is just dreadful."
Rarity says: "Even at top speed the Apples are only making one barrel to the twins' three!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Um, Miss Mayor!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are honorary family members allowed to help in the competition?"
Mayor Mare says: "Well, I'm not sure..."
Mayor Mare says: "Flim, Flam, would you object to honorary family members helping?"
Flim says: "Are you kidding?"
Flam says: "We don't care if the whole kingdom of Canterlot helps."
Flam says: "It's a lost cause."
Mayor Mare says: "Hm, I guess it's okay."
Mayor Mare says: "Applejack?"
Mayor Mare says: "What do you think?"
Applejack says: "I think I'd love to have the rest of my family helpin' out."
Rest of main cast says: "All right!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, everypony, we're not gonna let those smooth talkers take our friend's farm."
Rest of main cast says: "Yeah!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy, help Applejack with the trees."
Fluttershy says: "Got it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie Pie, you're on apple catching detail."
Pinkie Pie says: "Yessir, ma'am, sir!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity, you've got a discerning eye."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Help Granny Smith at the quality control station."
Rarity says: "Of course."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow Dash, do you think you can help Big McIntosh press?"
Rainbow Dash says: "In my sleep!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Alright, everypony, let's save Sweet Apple Acres!"
Rest of main cast says: "All right!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Over there, Apple Bloom!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Don't miss them!"
Apple Bloom says: "Right behind you, Pinkie Pie!"
Granny Smith says: "Good 'un, bad 'un, bad 'un, good 'un..."
Rarity says: "Lovely, horrid, horrid, lovely..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Based on these figures, we're making five barrels for every three of theirs!"
Applejack says: "Keep it up, everypony!"
Applejack says: "We're back in this!"
Flim says: "Come on, brother, we've gotta pick up the pace!"
Flam says: "Right, uh, double the power!"
Flim says: "We've gotta try something else!"
Flam says: "I've got it, brother of mine."
Cider Squeezy 6000 dinging.
Flim says: "Well done, Flam!"
Flim says: "We're at top productivity!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "C'mon, Rainbow Dash, keep grinding!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We don't have time for quality control if we wanna win this thing!"
Granny Smith says: "Get back, you!"
Granny Smith says: "One bad apple spoils the bunch!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Applejack, help me!"
Applejack says: "There's no point in winnin' if we cheat!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We'll just have to work harder!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "C'mon, everypony!"
Rainbow Dash says: "All right then, double time!"
Mayor Mare says: "Time's up!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm proud of you, Applejack."
Applejack says: "Thanks."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Integrity like that will always be..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "rewarded."
Mayor Mare says: "Flim and Flam win!"
Applejack says: "We..."
Applejack says: "lost?"
Flim says: "Daww, too bad, Apples."
Flam says: "Guess you'll just have to find a new line of work that doesn't match your names quite so..."
Flam says: "perfectly."
Flim says: "Now should we tear down all these tacky old buildings and put up new ones, brother?"
Flam says: "I don't see why not, brother."
Flam says: "After all, this isn't Sweet Apple Acres anymore."
Flam says: "How about 'Flim Flam Fields'?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I ought to press you into jerk cider!"
Applejack says: "No, Rainbow Dash."
Applejack says: "A deal's a deal."
Applejack says: "Congratulations to y'all."
Applejack says: "The cider business in Ponyville..."
Applejack says: "is yours."
Applejack says: "C'mon, Apples."
Applejack says: "Let's go pack up our things."
Flim says: "Fear not, everypony, there's more than enough cider to go around."
Applejack says: "Go ahead, everypony."
Applejack says: "Go on, y'all."
Applejack says: "It's okay."
Flam says: "Drink up, Ponyville!"
Flam says: "Down the hatch!"
Cherry Berry says: "I can't get the taste off my tongue!"
Sweetie Drops says: "Mine's got rocks in it!"
Comet Tail says: "I wouldn't pay one cent for this dreck!"
Flam says: "You wouldn't pay even one cent?"
Crowd says: "No!"
Flam says: "How about two cups for one cent?"
Crowd says: "No!"
Flim says: "Two bits for a barrel?"
Flam says: "Two bits for a barrel?"
Crowd says: "NO!"
Flam says: "It looks like we've encountered a slight..."
Flam says: "problem here in Ponyville."
Flim says: "Nopony wants our product."
Flim says: "Next town?"
Flam says: "Next town."
Flam says: "Let's go, Flim!"
Flim says: "Let's go, Flam!"
Cider Squeezy 6000 driving off.
Applejack says: "They're gone."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That means Sweet Apple Acres is still in business!"
Caramel says: "Plus we can have high quality Apple family cider!"
Apple Bloom says: "Because of this silly competition, we've made enough of our cider for the whole town!"
I wanted to share my thoughts with you. clears throat I didn't learn anythin'! Ha! I was right all along! If you take your time to do things the right way, your work will speak for itself. Sure I could tell you I learned something about how my friends are always there to help me, and I can count on them no matter what, but truth is, I knew that already too.