Fluttershy says: "Fuzzy Legs, do you think you could secure those windows?"
Fluttershy says: "And you'll alert me if anything scary comes close to the cottage?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, who am I kidding?"
Fluttershy says: "When something scary comes close to the cottage!"
Fluttershy says: "Please tell me my hiding place is ready."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, look, you've filled it with everything I need to survive this awful night."
Fluttershy says: "Thank you."
Fluttershy says: "Thank you all!"
Fluttershy says: "Now I don't have to step a hoof outside until this whole thing is over."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, no!"
Fluttershy says: "You don't have any carrots?"
Fluttershy says: "Do we have any other fresh veggies you may enjoy?"
Fluttershy says: "Or maybe some hay?"
Fluttershy says: "But that means I'll need to go out..."
Fluttershy says: "on Nightmare Night!"
Foals says: "Nightmare Night, what a fright!"
Foals says: "Give me something sweet to bite!"
Foals says: "Nightmare Night, what a fright!"
Foals says: "Give me something sweet to bite!"
Granny Smith says: "Fluttershy?"
Granny Smith says: "What're you doin' out and about?"
Granny Smith says: "It's Nightmare Night, remember?"
Fluttershy says: "How could I forget?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I don't suppose I could borrow a few pieces of hay from you?"
Fluttershy says: "I forgot to stock up on food for Angel, and you do seem to have quite a lot."
Granny Smith says: "We need it for the Apple Family Haunted Maze."
Granny Smith says: "The scariest maze that there ever was."
Granny Smith says: "Who knows what lurks inside?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I'm sure I don't."
Granny Smith says: "Is that a mummified pony that just leaped out at ya?"
Fluttershy says: "I don't know."
Fluttershy says: "Is it?"
Granny Smith says: "And what's that crunchin' sound beneath yer hooves?"
Granny Smith says: "Maybe it's the bones of ponies that didn't make it out alive!"
Fluttershy says: "B-B-B-B-Bones?!"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Granny Smith says: "And are those peeled grapes or a thousand slimy eyeballs starin' at ya from beyond the grave?"
Fluttershy says: "Please tell me they're grapes!"
Granny Smith says: "Oh, I'll never tell."
Granny Smith says: "Huh."
Granny Smith says: "I wonder what got stuck in her craw."
Fluttershy says: "Twilight?"
Fluttershy says: "Hello?"
Spike says: "You think it's scary now, just wait until it's done."
Fluttershy says: "That's okay."
Fluttershy says: "I'll take your word for it."
Spike says: "Hey, wait a minute!"
Spike says: "It's Nightmare Night and you're here and not holed up in your cottage!"
Spike says: "Does this mean what I think it means?"
Fluttershy says: "That I foolishly forgot to stock up on food for Angel and had to go out to get him something but got spooked in town so I came here hoping Twilight had some lettuce I could give him?"
Spike says: "Oh."
Spike says: "I thought maybe you decided to come out with us tonight."
Fluttershy says: "Goodness, no!"
Fluttershy says: "I couldn't be out tonight."
Fluttershy says: "I just couldn't."
Spike says: "Technically speaking, you already are out right now."
Fluttershy says: "Oh."
Fluttershy says: "I guess that is true."
Spike says: "So what if you stayed out a little longer with your friends?"
Spike says: "I know they'd be super excited."
Fluttershy says: "You think so?"
Spike says: "You would make them so happy if you joined in."
Spike says: "They wouldn't believe their eyes!"
Spike says: "Come on, Fluttershy, what do you say?"
Pinkie Pie says: "And then it got very, very quiet and suddenly they realized the balloons had never been inflated!"
Rarity says: "Did I ever tell you about the night that the mannequin came to life and haunted all the costumes?"
Rainbow Dash says: "What happened?"
Rarity says: "I just told you, darling."
Rarity says: "A mannequin came to life and haunted all the costumes."
Fluttershy says: "Hi, everypony."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy, what are you doing here?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Is everything okay?"
Fluttershy says: "Everything is fine."
Fluttershy says: "In fact, it's more than fine."
Fluttershy says: "I've decided to join you in your Nightmare Night festivities."
Rainbow Dash says: "Seriously?"
Rainbow Dash says: "You?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Out?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Tonight?"
Fluttershy says: "Every Nightmare Night, I shut myself in my cottage and refuse to come out until morning."
Fluttershy says: "But it's just like when I was afraid to sing in front of anypony."
Fluttershy says: "If I hadn't given it a try, I never would've found out how much I enjoy it."
Applejack says: "And we'd have missed out on how great you sound."
Rarity says: "Fluttershy with us on Nightmare Night?"
Rarity says: "Why, that's positively the most wonderful news I've heard in ages!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You can get dressed up in a costume with us and play Nightmare Night games with us and eat candy apples with us!"
Applejack says: "Don't forget the best part."
Applejack says: "Goin' through my family's corn maze!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, right."
Fluttershy says: "The maze."
Applejack says: "Uh, only if you're up for it."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I am!"
Fluttershy says: "I am ready to take on Nightmare Night!"
Rarity says: "Mummy?"
Rarity says: "No."
Rarity says: "Headless pony?"
Rarity says: "No."
Rarity says: "Vampire fruit bat?"
Rarity says: "Ugh, definitely no."
Rarity says: "You see, Fluttershy, the beauty of Nightmare Night is that you don't have to dress up as something scary."
Rarity says: "Ooh!"
Rarity says: "Yes."
Rarity says: "This one will look gorgeous on you."
Rarity says: "Period costumes are all the rage this year."
Rarity says: "What?"
Rarity says: "No good?"
Fluttershy says: "What if we encounter something terrifying and need to get away quickly?"
Fluttershy says: "All those layers could slow me down, or worse, make me trip!"
Rarity says: "Oh."
Rarity says: "I never..."
Rarity says: "considered that."
Rarity says: "Never fear!"
Rarity says: "Ooh, now this is a real stunner!"
Rarity says: "I call it "Masquerade"!"
Rarity says: "Just a simple black dress underneath but with this ornately decorated mask!"
Fluttershy says: "A mask?"
Rarity says: "No?"
Fluttershy says: "They can just be so difficult to see out of."
Rarity says: "Yes, but this one has eyeholes."
Fluttershy says: "W-What about being able to see what's to the left or right of me?"
Rarity says: "I suppose your vision would be somewhat obscured."
Rarity says: "It's your first Nightmare Night out and about, and we do want you to be comfortable."
Fluttershy says: "What if I just wear the dress?"
Rarity says: "Oh, sure, dear."
Rarity says: "That's..."
Rarity says: "fine."
Rarity says: "Oh, my!"
Rarity says: "Look at all of you!"
Rarity says: "My costumes fit you to a T!"
Applejack says: "Hoo-wee, we're gonna have the best time!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey, Fluttershy, where's your costume?"
Fluttershy says: "I'm wearing it."
Pinkie Pie says: "I get it!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You're a robber escaping into the night!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You're a ninja escaping into the night!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You're black licorice escaping into the night!"
Fluttershy says: "Close."
Fluttershy says: "I'm going to a masquerade ball."
Fluttershy says: "Without the mask."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, that's great!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Isn't it great?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, yeah."
Pinkie Pie says: "So creative."
Applejack says: "Great costume."
Pinkie Pie says: "I figured I'd save the really scary games for next year when Fluttershy's more used to it."
Main cast sans Rainbow Dash says: "Round and round and round you go, where you stop nopony knows!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Okay..."
Pinkie Pie says: "go!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Good luck beating that, Fluttershy!"
Fluttershy says: "Well, um, it's just that if I'm blindfolded and somepony were to leap out in front of me, I'd never have the chance to defend myself."
Rarity says: "That's fine, darling."
Rarity says: "You don't have to do anything you don't want to."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're just glad you're here."
Pinkie Pie says: "We don't have to finish that game."
Pinkie Pie says: "I have another one I know you'll love!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Bobbing for apples!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy, what's wrong?"
Fluttershy says: "It's just that, um..."
Fluttershy says: "What happens if, when my head is deep down in the water, some kind of scary monster appears?"
Fluttershy says: "How would I even hear to know I was under attack?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Time for candy!"
Fluttershy says: "It is?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I made candy bags."
Pinkie Pie says: "Each bag has been made with each of you in mind, complete with each of your favorite candies!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ha!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Awesome!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Here."
Pinkie Pie says: "Take it."
Pinkie Pie says: "Take it!"
Pinkie Pie says: "What are you waiting for?"
Fluttershy says: "Well, it's just..."
Fluttershy says: "What if when I'm eating one of these chewy taffies, my mouth becomes glued shut and I can't scream for help?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, goodness."
Fluttershy says: "We've only just started to celebrate Nightmare Night together, and I'm already taking all the fun out of it, aren't I?"
Pinkie Pie says: "You're not taking out all of the fun."
Rainbow Dash says: "Just, like, ninety per—"
Rainbow Dash says: "..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Some of it."
Fluttershy says: "I really wanna do this."
Fluttershy says: "But there's just so many things that terrify me about tonight."
Fluttershy says: "I couldn't possibly predict what might upset me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Unless..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "you were the one doing the scaring!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Her scaring us?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh."
Rainbow Dash says: "You're being serious."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The thing you hate is being scared, but if you're the one doing the scaring, then..."
Fluttershy says: "Then I can help you all have fun and I can still be a part of Nightmare Night!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "So you like that idea?"
Fluttershy says: "I think I do!"
Fluttershy says: "And I don't want to get ahead of myself, but I think I have the perfect idea for how I'm gonna do it!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Really?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, this is so exciting!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I'm excited to see everypony soon!"
Fluttershy says: "Welcome to Fluttershy's tea party!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Did she just say "tea party"?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It sounds like it's a scary tea party?"
Fluttershy says: "Have a seat."
Fluttershy says: "Don't be scared of what awaits you."
Fluttershy says: "Go on."
Fluttershy says: "Pass the sugar."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, no!"
Fluttershy says: "There is none!"
Fluttershy says: "You're a terrible host!"
Fluttershy says: "Rarity, put your coat on!"
Rarity says: "Why would I do that?"
Fluttershy says: "You need to cover up because no one has complimented your dressssssss!"
Fluttershy says: "Pinkie Pie, look to your left and ask your best friend to pass the cucumber sandwiches!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Huh?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I can't."
Pinkie Pie says: "There's nopony there."
Fluttershy says: "That's right."
Fluttershy says: "Because she didn't care to show uuuuuup."
Pinkie Pie says: "What?"
Fluttershy says: "A friend who didn't come through."
Fluttershy says: "That must scare you to the coooore."
Fluttershy says: "Quick, everypony, look behind you!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, what are those?"
Fluttershy says: "Why don't you look terrified?"
Fluttershy says: "You showed up to a party and everypony was extremely disappointed in you."
Fluttershy says: "Can you imagine anything more upsetting?"
Rarity says: "It was a really good try, darling, but the scares at Nightmare Night are of an entirely different nature."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It was really creative, though."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I never would have thought of..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "all this."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I'm just not cut out for this."
Fluttershy says: "Just go on without me."
Rarity says: "Oh, no."
Rarity says: "We couldn't possibly."
Fluttershy says: "You have to."
Fluttershy says: "This is the night you look forward to all year."
Pinkie Pie says: "We could..."
Pinkie Pie says: "stay here?"
Fluttershy says: "It's okay."
Fluttershy says: "I really want you all to have fun."
Fluttershy says: "This is how I spend every Nightmare Night."
Fluttershy says: "Please go."
Fluttershy says: "I'll be fine."
Pinkie Pie says: "Eh, it's funny."
Pinkie Pie says: "I actually thought she had an idea for something really scary for a second there."
Applejack says: "She definitely tried her hardest."
Fluttershy says: "I did try my hardest."
Fluttershy says: "Or..."
Fluttershy says: "maybe not."
Fluttershy says: "I suppose I could have gone with something a bit scarier."
Fluttershy says: "You're right!"
Fluttershy says: "I've been taking baby steps!"
Fluttershy says: "I think it's time for grown up ones!"
Fluttershy says: "I don't suppose you have any ideas how I could do that?"
Applejack says: "Everypony's linin' up for the corn maze, y'all!"
Applejack says: "Let's go!"
Spike says: "Oh, yeah!"
Spike says: "I can't believe we're finally doin' this!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's a good thing Fluttershy isn't here because she would never be able to handle this!"
Big McIntosh says: "Boooo..."
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Rarity says: "What."
Rarity says: "Is."
Rarity says: "That."
Rarity says: "Sound?"
Pinkie Pie says: "It looks like..."
Pinkie Pie says: "bones!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Looks like a bunch of dried sticks painted white to me."
Applejack says: "Hey, try to keep up the illusion, would ya?"
Rarity says: "Gah!"
Spike says: "Gah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Eeew!"
Applejack says: "Agh!"
Applejack says: "What was that?"
Spike says: "Don't you know?"
Applejack says: "Uh, o-of course I do."
Applejack says: "It was, uh..."
Rarity says: "Fluttershy had a point with the layers on the dress."
Rarity says: "What is this?"
Rarity says: "Is it a tunnel?"
Rarity says: "Where does it lead?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Which way are we supposed to go now?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Applejack says: "Uh, I don't know!"
Applejack says: "I don't know what's goin' on!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What do you mean?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Didn't you help plan this?"
Applejack says: "Whew."
Applejack says: "There's Granny Smith."
Applejack says: "Not that I was ever scared, 'cause I wasn't."
Applejack says: "I'm a pretty good actress when I wanna be."
Applejack says: "Granny?"
Spike says: "Applejack, didn't you know about any of this?!"
Spike says: "!"
Applejack says: "Alright, I got to admit I didn't know about any of this, but maybe they're just tryin' to make it interestin' for me, too!"
Applejack says: "I'm sure Granny Smith or Big Mac is behind this."
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Applejack says: "That's what we were supposed to do!"
Applejack says: "I don't know why we're down here!"
Applejack says: "This is really scarin' me now!"
Pinkie Pie says: "How did that get down here?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "RUUUUUUUUUN!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I can't see!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I can barely move!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's like glue!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, my!"
Fluttershy says: "I'm so, so sorry."
Fluttershy says: "Can you ever forgive me?"
Applejack says: "Fluttershy?"
Rainbow Dash says: "It was you the whole time?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't believe it!"
Rarity says: "That..."
Rarity says: "was..."
Pinkie Pie says: "THE BEST THING EVER!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It was way more terrifying than the most terrifying thing I could have thought of!"
Applejack says: "You out-nightmared the scariest part of the corn maze!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "How did you do all this?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "After you left, I realized that I wasn't ready to give up on Nightmare Night."
Fluttershy says: "So I asked Granny Smith if I could try to make the maze even scarier for my friends."
Rainbow Dash says: "You came up with all of this?"
Fluttershy says: "I had some help."
Fluttershy says: "Angel was the scary figure that kept scurrying after you in the maze."
Fluttershy says: "Fuzzy Legs made the sticky wall that made it difficult for you to see and move."
Fluttershy says: "And, of course, Harry was the especially scary monster."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wow!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That was inspired!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You have to do this every year!"
Applejack says: "Uh-huh!"
Rarity says: "Absolutely!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Every year!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah!"
Fluttershy says: "We could celebrate Nightmare Night together every year."
Fluttershy says: "But the truth is I really don't want to."
Pinkie Pie says: "You don't?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Rarity says: "But you've done it."
Rarity says: "You found a way that we can all have a fabulous time together."
Fluttershy says: "Yes, but I've also realized something."
Fluttershy says: "You all may love Nightmare Night and I may be good at being a part of it, but it's no fun for me to see my friends feel like they're in danger, even if I know they're not."
Fluttershy says: "I really don't like it."
Fluttershy says: "It's just not my cup of tea."
Pinkie Pie says: "Spoooooooooky tea?"
Fluttershy says: "No."
Fluttershy says: "Just regular tea."
Fluttershy says: "We do lots of fun things together, but I'm afraid this just isn't gonna be one of them."
Fluttershy says: "Actually, I'm not afraid."
Fluttershy says: "I'm perfectly fine with it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Then we are, too."
Fluttershy says: "I don't know why I doubted myself for a second."
Fluttershy says: "Now this is what I call a perfect Nightmare Night."