Rainbow Dash says: "This just got real!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Listen up, gang!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We're almost there, so I've got a few things to say."
Rainbow Dash says: "First off, who here besides me thinks this is the best Equestria Games delegation in Ponyville history?"
Bulk Biceps says: "Yeah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "And no matter what your sport is, we gotta give it our best, because we've all got a genuine shot at Ponyville gold!"
Rainbow Dash says: "..."
Rainbow Dash says: "With the possible exception of Bulk Biceps, Fluttershy, and me."
Rainbow Dash says: "I mean, we're good and all, but we're up against the Wonderbolts in the aerial relay, so gold's kind of a stretch."
Rainbow Dash says: "Let's not kid ourselves."
Scootaloo says: "Don't feel bad, Rainbow Dash!"
Scootaloo says: "We have absolutely no shot at getting gold either!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, that's because you're carrying the flag for Ponyville in the opening ceremony."
Rainbow Dash says: "There are no winners."
Scootaloo says: "Winners or not, we still have the chance to be awesome!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That's the spirit!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You hear that, everypony?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Winners or not, we all still have the chance to be awesome!"
Rainbow Dash says: "But, uh, let's still try to win lots and lots of stuff too, 'kay?"
Spike says: "It's all in there, gang!"
Spike says: "Leave it to Spike, champion gear-carrier for all your gear-carrying needs."
Apple Bloom says: "And the Ponyville flag?"
Apple Bloom says: "You sure?"
Apple Bloom says: "And what about the flagpole?"
Spike says: "In with the portable ramp!"
Spike says: "Whoa!"
Scootaloo says: "Give it a rest, Apple Bloom."
Spike says: "Aw, she's just nervous, that's all."
Spike says: "Perfectly understandable."
Spike says: "Whenever I'm afraid I'll forget something or start to panic, I have a simple trick."
Spike says: "I count to ten, and by the time I'm done, I've calmed myself enough to get the job done right every time."
Spike says: "Easy-peasy, cider-squeezy!"
Spike says: "Hey!"
Spike says: "Put me down!"
Scootaloo says: "What's going on?!"
Scootaloo says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you all right?"
Crystal Guard says: "A thousand pardons, O Great and Honorable Spike the Brave and Glorious."
Spike says: "Huh?"
Spike says: "Who the what now?"
Princess Cadance says: "It's okay, Spike."
Princess Cadance says: "We'll have our hoofponies go back for your bags."
Spike says: "Uh, can they hang back a second and tell me what's going on first?"
Spike says: "More of the green ones, please?"
Spike says: "I like the green ones."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Last time you were here, you got the Crystal Heart to Princess Cadance in time to save this entire empire from destruction!"
Princess Cadance says: "You are known throughout my empire as "Great and Honorable Spike the Brave and Glorious"."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Isn't that awesome?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're a big shot here, Spike!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "See that?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's you!"
Spike says: "Hello, gawgeous!"
Princess Cadance says: "This is why we all hope you do us the honor of lighting the torch at the opening ceremony."
Princess Cadance says: "You'd be the very first dragon in the history of the Equestria Games to do so."
Spike says: "Of course I'll do it!"
Spike says: "And – bonus – I can do it with my fire breath!"
Shining Armor says: "Places for the procession, everypony!"
Shining Armor says: "Two minutes!"
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "And you're quite certain you also understand exactly what you're supposed to do?"
Spike says: "I stand where you tell me until you give me the signal, and then I walk over and light the torch."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Mm."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Couldn't be simpler."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Mr."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "the Dragon, are you coming?"
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Would somepony help him walk?"
Shining Armor says: "Now, please welcome the delegation from Ponyville!"
Apple Bloom says: "Ponyville forever!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Ponyville forever!"
Apple Bloom says: "Yay!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Yay!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Awesome!"
Fluttershy says: "Yay."
Bulk Biceps says: "Yeah!"
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "I'm giving you the signal now!"
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Mr."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "the Dragon!"
Spike says: "Come on, Spike!"
Spike says: "Calm yourself!"
Spike says: "Count to ten."
Spike says: "One..."
Spike says: "two..."
Spike says: "three..."
Spike says: "thousand..."
Spike says: "fourteen thousand..."
Spike says: "Twenty thousand..."
Spike says: "!"
Spike says: "Thirty thousand..."
Spike says: "!"
Princess Cadance says: "What's wrong?"
Spike says: "Tell me this isn't happening..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Equestria, we have a problem."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Mr."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "the Dragon!"
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Would you light the torch already?!"
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "!"
Spike says: "I don't know what it is, but I just don't have the stuff today!"
Spike says: "Did you bring a match?"
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "You're a fire-breathing dragon."
Spike says: "Then some cough drops, maybe?"
Spike says: "Nevermind."
Spike says: "I'll keep trying."
Princess Cadance says: "Somepony go down and help him!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Phew!"
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Oh!"
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "How did you do that?"
Spike says: "I'm..."
Spike says: "not sure."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Oh, well."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Better late than never."
Shining Armor says: "Let the games begin!"
Rarity says: "Oh!"
Rarity says: "There are our little superstars!"
Rarity says: "You were fabulous!"
Applejack says: "Made me sit up proud like a cornstalk in August!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ya done good, squirt!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You three really were wonderful."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But does anypony know what was going on with Spike?"
Applejack says: "He sure seemed to be having a tough time of it out there."
Rarity says: "He put things right in time, though."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Actually, it was me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I didn't want him to be embarrassed, so I cast a secret spell to light it for him."
Rarity says: "Oh, dear."
Rarity says: "Have you told him?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No, but he might have figured it out on his own."
Applejack says: "You gotta tell him, just in case."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm just afraid of how he'll take it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know what pride he takes in a job well done."
Rainbow Dash says: "Psst, here he comes now!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Act casual!"
Rainbow Dash says: "'Sup?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Is everything okay?"
Spike says: "I guess."
Spike says: "I don't know."
Spike says: "The weirdest thing happened down there."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yeah, about that."
Spike says: "I mean, there I was, trying to light the torch, with all of Equestria watching, and feeling like the hugest failure ever, and then the thing just lit!"
Spike says: "It was amazing!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, phew!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I was afraid you'd be upset."
Spike says: "Upset?"
Spike says: "Are you kidding?"
Spike says: "Why would I be upset to discover I can light fire..."
Spike says: "with my mind?"
Applejack says: "What?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What?!"
Rarity says: "What?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What?!"
Applejack says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rarity says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Bright Smile says: "Look, look, it's the Great and Honorable Spike the Brave and Glorious!"
Elbow Grease says: "Can we get your autograph?"
Spike says: "Sure!"
Bright Smile says: "How you saved our Empire last time you were here was really amazing!"
Spike says: "Aw."
Spike says: "You know what else is amazing?"
Spike says: "Watch this!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike, may I have a word with you a moment?"
Spike says: "Hey, you'd better be careful with that!"
Spike says: "It might burst into flames later!"
Spike says: "Delayed reaction."
Spike says: "Hey, Twi, what is it?"
Spike says: "Hold on, hold on, give me a second..."
Spike says: "If I can set fire to stuff with my mind, mind-reading must be just around the corner!"
Spike says: "And I predict that you are about to ask me..."
Spike says: "to set fire to something with my mind!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No, because you can't!"
Spike says: "Oh, really?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I did it, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I cast a spell to do it for you."
Spike says: "In front of..."
Spike says: "thousands and..."
Spike says: "thousands..."
Spike says: "?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sorry, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just couldn't stand to see you stuck like that!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You understand, don't you?"
Spike says: "I..."
Spike says: "I..."
Spike says: "I need to be alone right now."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike?"
"Neighls Bohr" says: "O Great and Honorable Spike the Brave and Glorious, can I get your autograph?"
Spike says: "Sorry."
Spike says: "You should probably ask somebody special instead."
Shining Armor says: "Our next event..."
Shining Armor says: "..."
Shining Armor says: "the aerial relay!"
Applejack says: "That's Dash and Fluttershy!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, no!"
Pinkie Pie says: "We can't be late for that!"
Security Guard says: "Miss?"
Security Guard says: "Step right over here."
Security Guard says: "Unicorns will no longer be admitted without a disabling spell, to prevent cheating."
Security Guard says: "And make sure you don't even try casting a spell, or we'll know it."
Rarity says: "Hmph!"
Pinkie Pie says: "If Ponyville medals here, we'll have eight medals so far, putting us tied for the lead with Cloudsdale!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Unless Cloudsdale medals here too..."
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Spike says: "Ms."
Spike says: "Harshwhinny?"
Spike says: "I know you're really busy, but..."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "What is it?"
Spike says: "Maybe there's something else I can do for the Games."
Spike says: "Y'know, something really worthy of the Crystal Empire's admiration?"
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "What are you talking about?"
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "You lit the torch for the whole thing!"
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "That wasn't worthy enough for you?"
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Ugh, for pony's sake!"
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Next thing you know, you'll be asking to put on a rock concert."
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Celebrities..."
Spike says: "Wait, that's it!"
Applejack says: "We got silver!"
Shining Armor says: "Congratulations to all our medalists."
Spike says: "And I shall do the honor of singing!"
Shining Armor says: "Spike, what are you doing?!"
Shining Armor says: "!"
Spike says: "You know how they always just play the music?"
Spike says: "Well, I know all the words to our anthem, and will sing them for you now, loud and proud, to the enjoyment of all!"
Shining Armor says: "And now..."
Shining Armor says: "um..."
Shining Armor says: "the Cloudsdale anthem, as sung by..."
Shining Armor says: "Spike!"
Spike says: "Wait!"
Spike says: "The Cloudsdale anthem?"
Shining Armor says: "They only play the anthem for the winner, Spike!"
Shining Armor says: "The Wonderbolts are from Cloudsdale!"
Spike says: "But..."
Spike says: "But I don't know the words to the Cloudsdale anthem!"
Spike says: "I've never even heard it!"
Crystal Pony in Crowd says: "Sing for us, O Great and Honorable Spike the Brave and Glorious!"
Oh, we're the Wonderbolts and we're super fast.
And we're from Cloudsdale which-is-a-part-of-Equestria  laughs nervously.
That we like best and we're proud and we're fast and we like it because it really has nice trees.
Yeah, we love the town because it's so cool and, and we like to fly really fast and everything like that.
Oh, we're the Wonderbolts and we're super fast and we're cloud– from Cloudsdale.
We like it there 'cause it's really nice and the trees are cool and I hope it is over now.
And... it keeps going on, la la la.
And we really love the town.
So I wish that this... song... was over now.
Over... now.
Over... now.
Pinkie Pie says: "Nailed it!"
Apple Bloom says: "Spike, you comin'?"
Spike says: "Nah, I got this stuff to pack up."
Scootaloo says: "But you've been moping in here for almost the entire Games."
Sweetie Belle says: "And tonight's the closing ceremony!"
Spike says: "Which means we leave tomorrow."
Spike says: "Ergo, the packing."
Shining Armor says: "And so the Games conclude as they always do, with the ice archery finals!"
Shining Armor says: "Ice archers, take your places!"
Applejack says: "Too bad Ponyville doesn't have any ice archers competin'."
Applejack says: "We don't have anyone to root for."
Pinkie Pie says: "That's okay."
Pinkie Pie says: "Ponyville has thirty seven medals, and Cloudsdale thirty six, so looks like we'll be medal champs of the Games anyway!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Woo-hoo!"
Rainbow Dash says: "But Cloudsdale has two ice archery finalists down there now!"
Rainbow Dash says: "If they both place, Cloudsale wins the medal count!"
Pinkie Pie says: "So you're saying that it all comes down to this one event?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Applejack says: "Pretty much."
Pinkie Pie says: "Omigoshomigoshomigoshomigosh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Twilight!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Come take this extra seat next to me and freak out over the medal count!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'll show you how: Omigoshomigoshomigoshomigosh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Actually, I was looking for Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Have you seen him?"
Apple Bloom says: "He wouldn't come."
Sweetie Belle says: "We tried to talk him into it..."
Scootaloo says: "..."
Scootaloo says: "but he wouldn't listen!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You can have his extra seat, though."
Pinkie Pie says: "Uh..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Twi?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You here?"
Spike says: "Uh, yeah!"
Spike says: "I'm super-busy!"
Spike says: "Look at all this packing left to do, heh."
Spike says: "Crazy, right?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No more hiding out."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're coming with me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now."
Spike says: "Okay, fine."
Spike says: "I'll come."
Spike says: "Can I at least wear these?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Those aren't your average arrows."
Rainbow Dash says: "They freeze whatever part of the target they hit."
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoever encases their entire target in ice first wins."
Rainbow Dash says: "Keep your eye on number seven from Cloudsdale – he's the favorite."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Honestly, Spike, I don't see why you're being so hard on yourself."
Spike says: "I let everypony down."
Spike says: "Twice."
Spike says: "You never let anypony down, so you don't have any idea what that's like."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you kidding?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've totally let ponies down."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's not the point."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The torch got lit, the aerial relay teams got their medals – no harm, no foul."
Spike says: "Can we at least watch from inside there?"
Spike says: "I'm not sure I'm ready to face crowds in the stands just yet."
Shining Armor says: "No!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Steer it towards the field, away from the crowds!"
Shining Armor says: "Somepony cut the disabling spell!"
Security Guard 2 says: "There isn't time!"
Spike says: "Dash, Fluttershy!"
Spike says: "Move!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That was awesome!"
Princess Cadance says: "I just wanted to thank you personally for saving those ponies and the Games, O Great and Honorable Spike the Brave and Glorious."
Princess Cadance says: "You must be very proud."
Spike says: "I guess."
All present characters bar Spike says: "You guess?!"
All present characters bar Spike says: "!"
Spike says: "I just saw what needed to be done and reacted."
Spike says: "Just so happens I can breathe fire and..."
Spike says: "if any of you could do that, you'd have done the same."
Applejack says: "Forgive me for bein' blunt, Spike, but you're not makin' a lick of sense."
Spike says: "Well, it's just how I feel."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wait a second."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think I get it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You keep saying you let everypony down, but we all keep saying you didn't."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You know who's disappointed in you, Spike?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And only you can make it right with you again."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What would that take, Spike?"
Spike says: "Meh, I don't know."
Spike says: "Can you turn back time?"
Spike says: "'Cause I'd sure like a do-over on that opening ceremony."
Princess Cadance says: "We can't turn back time, but, would you do me the great honor of lighting fireworks in my place at the closing ceremonies tonight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come on, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You saved the Crystal Empire twice!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think you can light some fireworks."
Spike says: "Mm, I guess I have to at least give it a shot."
Pinkie Pie says: "We did it!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ponyville won the medal count, and only by one medal!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hmm, wonder which medal that was?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Bam!"
Applejack says: "How does it feel to have opened the best Equestria Games in Ponyville history, squirt?"
Apple Bloom says: "Probably as good as it feels to close them!"
Ms. Harshwhinny says: "Okay, it's time!"
Spike says: "You know, it's kinda weird."
Spike says: "No matter how many times others tell you you're great, all the praise in the world means nothing if you don't feel it inside."
Spike says: "Sometimes to feel good about yourself, you gotta let go of the past."
Spike says: "That way, when the time comes to let your greatness fly, you'll be able to light up the whole sky."