Princess Luna says: "Welcome to the Grand Equestria Pony Summit!"
Princess Celestia says: "You delegates have traveled far and wide to represent your cities as we seek to celebrate and learn from all the unique places that make up our wonderful land of Equestria."
Princess Celestia says: "At tonight's welcome reception, Princess Cadance will dedicate this beautiful friendship statue made up of gemstones from each of your home cities."
Princess Celestia says: "Now I'd like to turn things over to the one who organized the summit: Princess Twilight Sparkle!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thank you, everypony."
Twilight Sparkle says: "With delegates from over fifty cities attending three days of conferences, receptions, and meetings, this is the largest Grand Equestria Pony Summit yet."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And let me tell you, putting it all together has led to more than one sleepless night."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're so excited to have you here and to learn more about life all across this great land of ours."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And now my faithful assistant Spike would like to say a few words."
Spike says: "Um, hello, everypony!"
Spike says: "I'm here to help any way I can."
Spike says: "So if there's anything I can do for any of you—"
Neigh Sayer says: "We love you, Princess Twilight!"
Delegate 2 says: "We love all the princesses!"
Spike says: "I guess everypony loves a princess."
Spike says: "Hmph."
Spike says: "Ugh!"
Princess Cadance says: "Spike!"
Princess Cadance says: "Spike?"
Spike says: "A little help?"
Princess Cadance says: "Spike, we need you!"
Spike says: "Of course!"
Spike says: "What can I do?"
Spike says: "Whoa, what happened to you?"
Princess Cadance says: "She's been awake three straight days preparing for the summit."
Princess Cadance says: "We need to make sure she gets some rest today."
Princess Cadance says: "She'll never be able to attend the welcome reception in this condition."
Princess Cadance says: "Can I count on you to see to it that she isn't disturbed?"
Spike says: "I promise!"
Spike says: "I won't let you down!"
Spike says: "Perfect."
Spike says: "Not on my watch."
Spike says: "Uh, excuse me?"
Spike says: "Can you keep it down a little?"
Spike says: "Oh, no!"
Spike says: "I'll give you birdseed!"
Spike says: "Worms!"
Spike says: "Anything!"
Spike says: "Just please stop singing before you wake the princess!"
Spike says: "Huh."
Spike says: "I can't believe that worked."
Spike says: "Hyah!"
Spike says: "Uh, hi fellas."
Spike says: "Sorry to break up your game, but there's sort of an important diplomatic summit kind of thingy going on, and it involves a princess needing to sleep, and, uh..."
Spike says: "maybe you could move your game somewhere else?"
Spike says: "Uh, the princess thanks you for your understanding!"
Spike says: "Excuse me."
Spike says: "Do you have to do this right now?"
Horticultural Pegasus says: "Uh, these are too top-heavy."
Horticultural Pegasus says: "Wouldn't take much to bring these beauties down."
Spike says: "Can't you just wait a few hours?"
Horticultural Pegasus says: "Sorry, it's a public hazard."
Horticultural Pegasus says: "I got my orders."
Spike says: "Well, I've got my orders too from Princess Twi..."
Spike says: "Twi..."
Spike says: "Twilight..."
Spike says: "!"
Horticultural Pegasus says: "Princess Twilight?"
Horticultural Pegasus says: "Why didn't you say so?"
Horticultural Pegasus says: "Gee, I reckon they'll keep a few more hours."
Spike says: "Huh."
Spike says: "Good thing I've got the princesses on my side."
Spike says: "—"
Spike says: "stop right now!"
Spike says: "Oops."
Public Works Pony says: "Lemme guess, the noise?"
Public Works Pony says: "Sorry, but we can't have a broken water main!"
Spike says: "Ugh, you couldn't do this yesterday?!"
Spike says: "!"
Public Works Pony says: "Hey, pal, I'm just tryin' to make sure everything runs smooth for the summit!"
Spike says: "But there is no summit without Princess Twilight, and she needs things to be kept quiet around here."
Spike says: "So if you don't mind, I'd—"
Public Works Pony says: "But if something happens, it ain't my fault!"
Spike says: "Hmph!"
Spike says: "Princess Twilight will be rested, Princess Cadance will be proud, and Princess Spike deserves a little reward."
Spike says: "Hah!"
Spike says: "Princess Spike."
"Joe Pescolt" says: "..."
"Joe Pescolt" says: "Oh, lemme tell you somethin', alright?"
"Joe Pescolt" says: "I worked forever on this speech, and I know I have more—"
Spike says: "Uh, hi."
Spike says: "Can I help you?"
"March Gustysnows" says: "My friend here, the distinguished pony from up Manehattan, and I are in a bit of a pickle, and we need the Princess Twilight to resolve it."
Spike says: "Uh, can you talk a little quieter?"
Spike says: "And maybe come back later?"
"March Gustysnows" says: "Oh, sure now, gosh, I wish we could but, uh, we're both supposed to give speeches about our local economies in five minutes, and we've been booked in the same hall!"
"Joe Pescolt" says: "I had the room first."
"Joe Pescolt" says: "And let's be honest, my speech is more important."
"March Gustysnows" says: "Point of order there, sir, but I think you'll find that my speech is the more important one, don't'cha know?"
"Joe Pescolt" says: "Look, youse is gonna have a lot of unhappy delegates on your hooves unless we get a ruling from Princess Twilight right now!"
Spike says: "Lemme see what I can do."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Huh?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Does something need scheduling?"
Spike says: "Oh, uh, yeah."
Spike says: "Two delegates have speeches booked in the same hall."
Spike says: "What do I do?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, no problem."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just put the hay in the apple and eat the candle, hm?"
Spike says: "Huh?"
Spike says: "Oh, I need an answer, but Twilight can't even think straight!"
Spike says: "Oh, my gosh, what am I supposed to do?!"
Spike says: "!"
"Joe Pescolt" says: "Well?"
"Joe Pescolt" says: "What did she say?"
"Joe Pescolt" says: "She picked me, right?"
"March Gustysnows" says: "Hey, hey, hey."
"March Gustysnows" says: "Let's not be too hasty there, good sir."
"March Gustysnows" says: "I got a feeling she went with me."
"Joe Pescolt" says: "He-hey, if she didn't pick me, it ain't hard to see that as an insult to all of Manehattan!"
"Joe Pescolt" says: "You know what I'm sayin'?"
"March Gustysnows" says: "And it'd sure be a shame to see something like a scheduling issue create a nasty old rift between Whinnyapolis and Ponyville."
"Joe Pescolt" says: "So?"
"Joe Pescolt" says: "What did the Princess say?"
"March Gustysnows" says: "Come on, now!"
"March Gustysnows" says: "Spit it out!"
Spike says: "Um, she said that..."
Spike says: "Well, she said that she..."
Spike says: "she wants you to..."
Spike says: "share it?"
"Joe Pescolt" says: "If that's what the princess wants, what are ya gonna do?"
"March Gustysnows" says: "The princess is always right!"
Listen. No hard feelings.
This is not about you or me, alright?
I mean, this is...
Now there ya go,.
I have no hard feelings...
Annoyed Delegate says: "Combining those two talks was a disaster!"
Annoyed Delegate says: "The hall was overcrowded and the speakers just shouted over each other!"
Spike says: "Huh?"
Spike says: "B-but—"
Annoyed Delegate says: "Why would the princess have made such a decision?!"
Annoyed Delegate says: "!"
Spike says: "Uh, by order of Princess Twilight, be quiet!"
Fluffy Clouds says: "I was really looking forward to the "Don't Spend All Your Bits" Speech, but when I went into the hall,  a pony had taken my seat."
Fluffy Clouds says: "A pony who used to be my friend!"
Spike says: "Your friend took your seat?"
Spike says: "Hah, big deal!"
Spike says: "Why don't you just—"
Fluffy Clouds says: "No offense, but I don't need some random dragon's opinion."
Fluffy Clouds says: "I-I want to hear what Princess Twilight thinks."
Spike says: "Fine."
Spike says: "Uh..."
Spike says: "The princess says no friendship should end over a seat."
Spike says: "You should forgive your friend!"
Fluffy Clouds says: "Of course!"
Fluffy Clouds says: "Oh, the princess is so wise!"
Spike says: "I could tell these delegates anything as long as they think it came from Twilight."
Spike says: "Alright!"
Spike says: "Who's next?"
Spike says: "So, how can Princess Twilight be of service?"
Fancy Pants says: "Well, as host city, the Canterlot delegation feels it's only right that we should get passes to every meeting and party, yes?"
Spike says: "Well, that doesn't seem fair—"
Spike says: "I mean, Princess Twilight doesn't think that seems fair."
Fancy Pants says: "Ehhh..."
Fancy Pants says: "yes, yes, very well."
Fancy Pants says: "It was worth a try though, wasn't it, old chap, hm?"
Spike says: "This is great!"
Spike says: "I just took care of a whole bunch of stuff that Twilight won't have to worry about when she wakes up!"
Spike says: "Wonder if anypony else needs the princess's help?"
Spike says: "If I can check a few of these meetings off Twilight's schedule, then when she wakes up, she won't have to think about anything but the reception."
Spike says: "Uh, it says here you have a meeting with Princess Twilight?"
"Frazzle Rock" says: "Uh, yuppers."
"Frazzle Rock" says: "She wanted me to prep her on all the different gemstones in the Citizens of Equestria statue before the reception tonight."
Spike says: "Okay, go ahead."
"Frazzle Rock" says: "Um, well, I'd rather, um, tell the princess directly."
Spike says: "Well, if it helps, you can call me "Princess Spike"."
Spike says: "No-no-no, it's alright."
Spike says: "The princess asked me to take care of a few things for her."
Spike says: "That's why I came to find you."
"Frazzle Rock" says: "Um, if you say so."
Spike says: "The princess says so!"
"Frazzle Rock" says: "Uh, okay."
"Frazzle Rock" says: "Let's start with topaz..."
Spike says: "I'm here for your two o'clock!"
Public Works Pony says: "You?!"
Public Works Pony says: "!"
Public Works Pony says: "But I'm supposed to be briefing Princess Twilight on the progress with the water main!"
Spike says: "I speak for the Princess."
Public Works Pony says: "Uh, well, uh, can I start fixing it again?"
Public Works Pony says: "I'm getting a little worried, to be honest."
Spike says: "Actually, Twilight still needs her rest, and her no-noise policy is still in effect for a few more hours."
Spike says: "Sorry."
Princess Cadance says: "Hey, Spike."
Princess Cadance says: "What's going on?"
Spike says: "Oh, you know, just settin' 'em up and knockin' 'em down!"
Princess Cadance says: "What do you mean?"
Spike says: "Not only have I kept things quiet so Twilight could sleep, I also took care of all her afternoon meetings so she won't have to worry about them when she wakes up."
Princess Cadance says: "Are you sure she'd want you doing that?"
Princess Cadance says: "There are so many things to keep track of at this summit."
Spike says: "Nah, don't worry."
Spike says: "I got it covered."
Spike says: "I know Twilight so well, it's easy to make decisions like her!"
Princess Cadance says: "Oh, okay."
Princess Cadance says: "Well, thank you for keeping Twilight's stress level down."
Princess Cadance says: "As long as that's the real reason you're doing it."
Spike says: "Well, why else would I be doing it?"
Princess Cadance says: "You're not enjoying speaking for Twilight a little bit?"
Spike says: "Enjoying it?"
Spike says: "By order of the princess."
Spike says: "By order of the princess!"
Spike says: "By order of the princess..."
Spike says: "!"
Princess Cadance says: "It sure is, but it's also hard work, isn't it?"
Spike says: "Eh, it's not so bad."
Princess Cadance says: "Spike, I'm concerned you might be abusing your relationship with Twilight."
Spike says: "What are you talking about?"
Spike says: "I'm a great princess—"
Spike says: "I mean, Twilight's a great princess!"
Spike says: "And I've been working hard to help her!"
Spike says: "When two delegates had a falling out, I'm the one who fixed their friendship!"
Spike says: "I listened to that pony drone on about gems for forty-five minutes so Twilight wouldn't have to!"
Spike says: "I moved a polo match away from the tower so she could sleep!"
Spike says: "And I didn't even eat that delicious looking statue!"
Spike says: "I'm a decision-making master!"
Spike says: "Okay."
Spike says: "So maybe I did get a little carried away making decisions."
Spike says: "But it's not like anything bad happened."
Spike says: "This is unexpected!"
Princess Cadance says: "I'll go shut off the main!"
Princess Cadance says: "You get rid of the water!"
Spike says: "At least the statue's okay."
Spike says: "Oh, bless me..."
Fancy Pants says: "Oh, my!"
Fancy Pants says: "What is the meaning of this?!"
Fancy Pants says: "!"
Spike says: "Well, uh, you see, there was this polo game, and—"
Fancy Pants says: "How could you let a water main burst on Canterlot's most important day?!"
Fancy Pants says: "!"
Public Works Pony says: "Hey, don't look at me!"
Public Works Pony says: "Princess Twilight said to stop working on it!"
Fancy Pants says: "Well, what about these trees?!"
Fancy Pants says: "!"
Fancy Pants says: "I ordered them trimmed to avoid just such a situation!"
Horticultural Pegasus says: "But the princess told me to stop, bub!"
Fancy Pants says: "Why would the princess make such horrible decisions?!"
Fancy Pants says: "!"
Fancy Pants says: "This all could have been prevented!"
Spike says: "Please, everypony, listen!"
Spike says: "I'm so sorry all this happened!"
Fancy Pants says: "What are you apologizing for?"
Fancy Pants says: "These were Princess Twilight's awful decisions!"
"March Gustysnows" says: "I'm about to blow my stack on Princess Twilight, I'll tell you that for nothin'!"
"Joe Pescolt" says: "Yeah, me too!"
Fancy Pants says: "I'll not let Princess Twilight give Canterlot a bad name in the eyes of Equestria!"
Fancy Pants says: "Come on, everypony!"
Fancy Pants says: "Let's go give her a piece of our minds!"
Spike says: "Please!"
Spike says: "You've got it all wrong!"
Spike says: "wait!"
Fancy Pants says: "What is it now?!"
Fancy Pants says: "!"
Fancy Pants says: "There's an angry mob here that demands satisfaction!"
Spike says: "It's just that, uh, we don't want to wake the princess, do we?"
"Joe Pescolt" says: "Wake her?!"
"Joe Pescolt" says: "!"
"Joe Pescolt" says: "What?!"
"Joe Pescolt" says: "!"
"Joe Pescolt" says: "You're tellin' me that she's asleep?!"
"Joe Pescolt" says: "!"
Fancy Pants says: "Princess, we must speak at once!"
Spike says: "She is SLEEPING!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm glad you're here, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We've got a lot to do!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Do you know if the water main was fixed?"
Spike says: "Uh, you seem well-rested."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I haven't slept like that since I was a filly!"
Spike says: "You haven't?"
Spike says: "Well, at least I got one thing right."
Spike says: "And it was the one thing Cadance asked of me."
Spike says: "Maybe I did do a good job today!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fancy Pants, what's wrong?"
Fancy Pants says: "Don't play games with me, Princess!"
Fancy Pants says: "You know why I'm here!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Is this about the special privileges you wanted?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Because this seems a little extreme!"
Fancy Pants says: "The special privileges?!"
Fancy Pants says: "!"
Fancy Pants says: "The last thing on my mind is special privileges!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What's going on, Spike?"
Spike says: "Um..."
Spike says: "you needed to sleep."
Spike says: "And Princess Cadance told me you weren't to be disturbed."
Spike says: "And there was this bird, and, well..."
Spike says: "long story short, I made a few decisions on your behalf."
Twilight Sparkle says: "A few decisions?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Spike says: "Well, maybe more than a few, but I had good intentions!"
Spike says: "Honest!"
Spike says: "Until I..."
Spike says: "didn't anymore."
Spike says: "I'm sorry, Twilight."
Spike says: "I guess I got a little carried away."
Spike says: "It-it just felt so good to have ponies caring about my opinions on such important matters."
Spike says: "I guess I was just enjoying feeling like a princess."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, Spike, one of the most important things a princess can do is realize when she's made a mistake and fix it."
Spike says: "How do I do that?"
Princess Cadance says: "You could start with them."
Spike says: "Uh, hi there, everypony."
Spike says: "So I guess I owe you all a pretty big apology."
Spike says: "It's funny."
Spike says: "Here we are at a summit that brings together ponies from all across Equestria, and all I could think about was myself."
Spike says: "You all came here to celebrate the things that make each of our cities so unique and special."
Spike says: "But instead of getting into the spirit of things like all of you, I used my friend's position to make myself feel good."
Fancy Pants says: "The Canterlot ruby goes here, old sport."
"March Gustysnows" says: "And ours goes here, don't'cha know?"
Spike says: "Does this mean you forgive me?"
"Joe Pescolt" says: "Sure!"
"Joe Pescolt" says: "You know, the whole idea of the statue is that when each of us plays our own small part, it adds up to somethin' great."
Fancy Pants says: "Quite."
Fancy Pants says: "Just like how all our cities make up the beautiful land of Equestria!"
Princess Cadance says: "I hereby dedicate the Citizens of Equestria statue to everypony who plays their part, no matter how big or how small!"