Previously on My Little Pony.
Starlight Glimmer says: "I still can't believe you're letting me stay here..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "as your pupil."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Shining Armor's a father!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm an aunt!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Your first friendship lesson is going to be..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "reuniting with Sunburst!"
Sunburst says: "Uh, y-yes, that's me, yup."
Sunburst says: "Important wizard!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The baby is an Alicorn?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "So she could be a super-strong flyer and have crazy baby magic!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Without the Heart, the Crystal Empire's about to be buried under a mountain of ice and snow!"
Rarity says: "So..."
Rarity says: "not only can we not take part in a fabulous ancient ceremony, but we're also about to be frozen solid!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Without the Crystal Heart's magical protection, the entire city's about to become a winter wasteland!"
Applejack says: "But what about when King Sombra ruled the Crystal Empire and the Crystal Heart was missin'?"
Applejack says: "The city wasn't covered in snow then!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Heart wasn't missing."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It was still in the castle."
Twilight Sparkle says: "King Sombra had just hidden it."
Princess Celestia says: "I'm afraid Twilight is correct, and the storm clouds are already forming."
Rainbow Dash says: "I can totally fly up there and bust those puppies!"
Rainbow Dash says: "No problem!"
Princess Celestia says: "I wouldn't advise it, Rainbow Dash."
Princess Celestia says: "Those storm clouds are not like the ones you know."
Princess Luna says: "This far north, the weather has a will of its own, and now it will only grow stronger, enveloping everything in its path."
Princess Cadance says: "Including the Crystal Empire!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And us along with it!"
Spike says: "There's gotta be somethin'..."
Sunburst says: "I know Princess Twilight is keen on the two of us rekindling our friendship, but..."
Sunburst says: "it's been so long."
Sunburst says: "I don't see how anything on that list is going to help."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I know, right?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's not like there's some spell that would magically compel us to pick up where we left off."
Sunburst says: "Well, actually, there's several."
Sunburst says: "Mistmane's Material Amity, Rockhoof's Rapport, Flash Prance's Fellow..."
Sunburst says: "ship..."
Sunburst says: "But I-I get the feeling the princess isn't looking for a spell."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Definitely not."
Spike says: "Got it!"
Spike says: ""And if all else fails, ask them to share an embarrassing moment from their past, maybe even something they regret!"
Sunburst says: "Uh, I don't see how that would help."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Uh, yeah!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "We should just get out of your mane."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's pretty obvious this isn't going how Twilight hoped, and I'm sure you have plenty of important work to do..."
Sunburst says: "What?"
Sunburst says: "Oh!"
Sunburst says: "Right, yes, heh-heh!"
Sunburst says: "Uh, no rest for the wizardly."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Come on, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There must be a spell that can restore the Crystal Heart!"
Princess Celestia says: "Perhaps."
Princess Luna says: "But it isn't something that either of us know."
Princess Cadance says: "The library here at the castle is nearly as extensive as the one in Canterlot."
Princess Cadance says: "There's a good chance we can find something there!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Can you hold off the storm?"
Princess Luna says: "Yes, for a time, but even our magic will eventually succumb to the power of the Frozen North."
Princess Celestia says: "We will do what we can, but you must hurry."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know how long it will take to find the right spell, but you should probably tell the crowd outside to get somewhere warm!"
Princess Cadance says: "And try not to mention the Crystal Heart."
Princess Cadance says: "We don't want to start a panic."
Applejack says: "Yes, ma'am."
Applejack says: "C'mon, girls!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm gonna need all of your help."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The crystal library is enormous!"
Shining Armor says: "You can count on us, Twily!"
Shining Armor says: "Where'd she go?!"
Shining Armor says: "!"
Princess Cadance says: "This way!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, Spike, looks like my biggest fears came true."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I wouldn't be surprised if Twilight decides to give up on me entirely."
Spike says: "Aw, it's not your fault."
Spike says: "I'm the one who said all we needed was this list."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's not the list, Spike."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Or you."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Or Twilight."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm the one Sunburst doesn't want to be friends with."
Spike says: "I don't remember him saying he didn't want to be friends."
Starlight Glimmer says: "He didn't have to say it."
Spike says: "Well, Twilight obviously thinks you're worth being friends with!"
Spike says: "And I do too!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Thanks, Spike."
Starlight Glimmer says: "At least I have two friends, even if one of them has dragon breath."
Spike says: "Uh, that's not dragon breath."
Spike says: "It's freezing!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, you're right!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "But I thought the Crystal Heart was supposed to keep the cold weather out."
Spike says: "It is..."
Spike says: "unless something's happened!"
Spike says: "Come on!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We're just saying that it might not be the best idea to stay outside!"
"Tough Nut" says: "I camped out all night for this spot!"
"Tough Nut" says: "I'm not about to just give it up!"
Fluttershy says: "Still, when you think about it, the view is just as good a little further back, like..."
Fluttershy says: "inside your house?"
Crystal Ponies complaining.
"Scouts Honor" says: "The Crystalling ceremony is one of our most sacred traditions!"
"Scouts Honor" says: "And when that foal is held before the Crystal Heart, I plan to be as close to the action as possible!"
Applejack says: "Honestly, I don't know if there's gonna be a Crystallin'."
Applejack says: "The truth is, the baby's an Alicorn and her magic's plum crazy, so you might not wanna be that close after all."
"Tough Nut" says: "A baby Alicorn?"
"Tough Nut" says: "Wow, I can't wait to see that!"
"Scouts Honor" says: "Oh, those little wings are probably so cute!"
"Mustafa Combe" says: "I know, right?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Look, I am a hundred percent sure the Crystalling isn't happening."
"Mustafa Combe" says: "No Crystalling, huh?"
"Mustafa Combe" says: "Then why are they starting the fireworks show?"
Crystal Ponies cheering.
Shining Armor says: "Young filly..."
Shining Armor says: "come back here!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Come to your Auntie Pinkie Pie!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Bridle Buck's Boat Chants, Hayhoof's Intonements, Mystic Maps and Mazes..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Anything up there?"
Princess Cadance says: "Not yet!"
Princess Cadance says: "I'm not even sure how these are organized!"
Princess Cadance says: "Shining Armor, I thought you were taking care of the baby!"
Shining Armor says: "I'm trying!"
Flurry Heart says: "Whoo!"
Rarity says: "Gotcha!"
Rarity says: "Oh!"
Rarity says: "Or not..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Whoa!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What is going on?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You want the long or the short version?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Short?"
Pinkie Pie says: "The baby's an Alicorn and she accidentally destroyed the Crystal Heart, so Twilight and Cadance are looking for a spell to put it back together and save the Crystal Empire from turning into a giant wasteland of ice and snow."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh."
Princess Cadance says: "What about this?"
Princess Cadance says: "Trotter's Tome of Reliquary?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think this is it!"
Princess Cadance says: ""Spell of Relic Reconstitution"!"
Princess Cadance says: "I can't believe we found it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's a good thing, too!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Without this, I don't know what we'd do!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oops."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That spell was the only thing we found in the whole library that was even close to what we needed!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm so sorry, Twilight!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's not your fault, Starlight."
Twilight Sparkle says: "None of us were expecting any of this."
Princess Cadance says: "Do you think you can remember the spell?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I only read it through once!"
Rarity says: "Well, if anypony can exactly remember something she read for the first time two minutes ago, it's you, Twilight."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'll try."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I'm not sure how long it'll take."
Pinkie Pie says: "Is quickly an option?"
Princess Cadance says: "I'll help if I can, but we should evacuate the city just in case!"
Princess Cadance says: "You need to lead everypony to the train station before the tracks freeze over!"
Shining Armor says: "We will."
Shining Armor says: "But between you and Twilight, I'm sure you'll remember the spell."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I only hope this spell is the one we need."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Is there anything I can do?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't think so."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm just sorry about your lesson."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, that doesn't matter now."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Sunburst and I don't have anything in common anyway."
Starlight Glimmer says: "He's a big important wizard!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "And I'm re-learning everything I ever thought I knew."
Princess Cadance says: "Sunburst?"
Princess Cadance says: "I don't recognize the name, but if he's an important wizard, you should bring him here."
Princess Cadance says: "Maybe he'll know what to do if the spell fails."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Of course!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You better go with her, Spike."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Sunburst!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Haven't you looked outside?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Sunburst says: "Snow?"
Sunburst says: "That's..."
Sunburst says: "not right."
Sunburst says: "The Crystal Heart—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Is gone!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "The baby – Shining Armor and Cadance's baby – it's an Alicorn!"
Sunburst says: "Really?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Really!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "And her magic is a little berserk, and well, I guess she destroyed the Heart!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "But Twilight thinks she can fix it and Princess Cadance thought you could help!"
Sunburst says: "Me?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Of course!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You're an important wizard in the Crystal Empire!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "It just makes sense!"
Sunburst says: "Right..."
Sunburst says: "right..."
Sunburst says: "right right right."
Sunburst says: "You know, I'd like to help, I-I really would."
Sunburst says: "I-I just have so much, um, important wizard work to do around here."
Spike says: "Huh?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Huh?!"
Spike says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Applejack says: "You can't stay here!"
"Mustafa Combe" says: "Did I mention this was a Royal Crystalling?"
"Mustafa Combe" says: "When the crystaller holds the young one aloft, all of the Empire will share their joy and light, and the Crystal Heart will beat stronger than it ever has before!"
"Scouts Honor" says: "It really is a moving ceremony!"
Fluttershy says: "I really don't think it's going to happen."
Rainbow Dash says: "Come on, it's freezing out here!"
"Tough Nut" says: "Uh, this is the Crystal Empire."
"Tough Nut" says: "We've seen snow before."
Shining Armor says: "Not like this!"
Shining Armor says: "We don't have time to argue!"
Shining Armor says: "Princess Cadance has decided to evacuate the city!"
"Mustafa Combe" says: "But the Crystalling..."
"Mustafa Combe" says: "!"
Shining Armor says: "I don't know if we'll ever have another Crystalling again!"
Shining Armor says: "The Crystal Heart..."
Shining Armor says: "is shattered."
"Tough Nut" says: "It's not safe here!"
Applejack says: "That's what we've been tryin' to tell you!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Sunburst, I know you're busy, but did you hear what I said?"
Sunburst says: "Oh, I heard you, but-but like I said, when you're an important wizard, the work just piles up."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Sunburst!"
Sunburst says: "Look, Starlight, I want to help."
Sunburst says: "I do."
Sunburst says: "But I can't."
Sunburst says: "I wish I could."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What do you mean?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Sunburst says: "Fixing an ancient relic?"
Sunburst says: "I-I can't even come close to doing something like that!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "But I thought you were an important wizard!"
Sunburst says: "Well, you were wrong, okay?!"
Sunburst says: "!"
Sunburst says: "I'm not an important wizard!"
Sunburst says: "I'm not even a wizard at all!"
Sunburst says: "I know it's hard for you to understand, but not all of us end up achieving greatness."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Why wouldn't I understand that?"
Sunburst says: "Really?"
Sunburst says: "You're the protégé of the Princess of Friendship!"
Sunburst says: "I don't think she picks just anypony for that!"
Spike says: "Technically, she's more of a student than a protégé."
Sunburst says: "Whatever."
Sunburst says: "I'm sorry I'm not the big important wizard you were expecting."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Sunburst, I don't care if you're a wizard or not."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm just surprised."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You always knew so much about magic."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I mean, look at all these books!"
Sunburst says: "Yeah, well, reading about magic is one thing, but you don't know what it was like at magic school!"
Sunburst says: "To know so much and not be able to do any of it!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, you don't know what it was like to be left behind!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "And then getting so bitter that you steal the cutie marks from an entire village and then get defeated by Twilight and her friends, so you travel through time to get back at them, but they beat you again and teach you about friendship, but you're so terrified ponies will find out what you did that you can't make any friends!"
Sunburst says: "Did you really travel through time?"
Spike says: "See?"
Spike says: "I told you he'd be impressed."
Sunburst says: "I'm sorry we lost touch."
Sunburst says: "Maybe if I had reached out, you could have helped me at magic school, and I could have helped you to..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Not become totally evil?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Let's just say I know what it's like to have something you're not exactly proud of."
Sunburst says: "When you showed up thinking I was some big wizard..."
Sunburst says: "I'm sorry."
Sunburst says: "I should have told you the truth."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's fine."
Starlight Glimmer says: "At least we worked it all out."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I think Twilight would be proud of us."
Spike says: "Well, if you ever want to tell her about it, we should probably leave now!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I forgot to tell you!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "They're evacuating the city!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You need to get to the train station, unless you've got a spell here that will drive back the Frozen North and fix the Crystal Heart so the baby can have her Crystalling?"
Sunburst says: "Crystalling..."
Sunburst says: "!"
Sunburst says: "Of course!"
Princess Celestia says: "Push them back, my sister!"
Shining Armor says: "This way!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh!"
Applejack says: "Just a little bit further, y'all!"
Applejack says: "The station's just ahead!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "We have to go back!"
Sunburst says: "I know how to stop this!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh, I think that's everything?"
Princess Cadance says: "It looks right to me, but..."
Princess Cadance says: "there's only one way to find out!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The spell failed."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know what else to do."
Princess Celestia says: "An old student of mine believes he does."
Sunburst says: "The baby did this?!"
Sunburst says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I tried putting it back together with—"
Sunburst says: "The spell of Relic Reconstitution."
Sunburst says: "No, that won't do it."
Sunburst says: "The Crystal Heart's been around for millennia."
Sunburst says: "Restoring a relic like this is way beyond one spell."
Sunburst says: "You need to combine it with something else."
Sunburst says: "Something unique to the relic itself."
Sunburst says: "Something that strengthens it and provides it with power..."
Sunburst says: "?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Crystalling!"
Sunburst says: "Combining that spell with the light and love of everypony gathered for the ceremony, together with..."
Sunburst says: "Somnambula's Weather Abjuration to clear away the snow..."
Sunburst says: "and a little Fledgling's Forbearance for the parents..."
Sunburst says: "Heh."
Sunburst says: "That should curb the little one's power fluctuations."
Princess Cadance says: "You must be Sunburst."
Princess Cadance says: "Starlight said you were a powerful wizard."
Sunburst says: "Oh, I'm no wizard."
Rainbow Dash says: "What?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "But he studied magic his whole life!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You should see his house!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "And since nopony has any better ideas, what do we have to lose?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Shining Armor says: "I had planned on asking Twilight to be our crystaller, but since it seems like she'll be busy..."
Sunburst says: "I'd be honored!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, what are we waiting for?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Sunburst says: "Citizens!"
Sunburst says: "May I present the newest member of the Crystal Empire!"
"Mustafa Combe" says: "She's beautiful!"
"Scouts Honor" says: "Oh!"
"Scouts Honor" says: "It's just so moving!"
Crystal Ponies cheering.
"Tough Nut" says: "Best Crystalling ever!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "For a pony who isn't great at magic, you did pretty well."
Princess Celestia says: "Indeed."
Princess Celestia says: "I'm glad to see you've found a way to share your unique gift, Sunburst."
Princess Celestia says: "You may be more of a wizard than you think."
Night Light says: "You would not believe the crazy weather that delayed our train."
Night Light says: "Came out of nowhere."
Twilight Velvet says: "But it was all worth it to see this peaceful little angel!"
Twilight Velvet says: "Awww, so sweet!"
Twilight Velvet says: "Come to your grandmare!"
Applejack says: "Yeah, peaceful now, anyway."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I suppose that spell really did the trick!"
Shining Armor says: "We have Sunburst to thank for that."
Princess Cadance says: "I hope he takes his role as crystaller seriously."
Princess Cadance says: "Something tells me the baby will need a pony like him to look to for magical advice."
Twilight Velvet says: "Cadance, darling, aren't we gonna name the poor little dear, or are we gonna spend our entire visit just calling her "the baby"?"
Princess Cadance says: "We were thinking..."
Princess Cadance says: ""Flurry Heart"."
Shining Armor says: "You know, to remember the occasion."
Rarity says: "Oh, goodness, how could anypony forget?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think it's lovely."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, I think you're the Crystal Empire's big important wizard, whether you like it or not."
Sunburst says: "I don't know if I'll have time for any wizarding."
Sunburst says: "I'm a crystaller now."
Sunburst says: "That's a big responsibility."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I can't think of anypony more qualified."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Just..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "promise you'll stay in touch?"
Sunburst says: "Hm, like I'd ever lose touch with my oldest friend."
Spike says: "What's wrong, Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I think I have a lot to learn about being a teacher."
Spike says: "What are you talking about?"
Spike says: "Your lesson went perfectly!"
Spike says: "Starlight and Sunburst got over their past and rekindled their friendship!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No thanks to me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know a lot happened."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just wish I could have given my pupil the attention she deserves."
Spike says: "Well, I know she needed to be put on the right path, but giving her the space to make her own decisions worked pretty well."
Spike says: "Isn't that how Celestia taught you?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You know, I never thought about it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I guess it is!"
Spike says: "Maybe you're a better teacher than you thought."