Twilight Sparkle says: "If somepony had told me when I was a blank flank that one day I'd give a speech to a class at Celestia's School of Magic, I wouldn't have believed it, but..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I hope that I have been up to the task, because I can tell that all of you are and that the future of Equestrian magic is in good hooves."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Eh, I don't know, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'd like to be able to get through the whole speech without looking at the cards."
Spike says: "Come on, Twilight!"
Spike says: "You can't be nervous about giving a speech to a bunch of magic students!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, I'm not nervous, Spike, but I do have to set a good example, especially for magic students."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's why this speech has to be..."
Spike says: "Perfect?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Exactly."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Let's go through it one more time."
Twilight Sparkle says: "When Princess Celestia asked me to speak to you today, I was honored to have the opportunity to talk about my favorite subject: magic."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Obviously, the long term effects of..."
Audience Pony says: "Shhhh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "the simultaneous acquisition of cutie marks has yet to be determined, but..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ahem."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Next slide, please."
Spike says: "Huh?"
Spike says: "Huh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can speak from my own experience that the power of Cutie Mark Magic is very real, and in the instance of my friends and I, it can be traced to a single event!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Without Rainbow Dash's race to defend Fluttershy's honor, this rainboom wouldn't have happened."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy might never have discovered her love of animals."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Applejack might never have realized that she belonged on her farm."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And Pinkie Pie might never have decided to leave hers."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It might be hard to imagine Rarity without her sense of fabulousness."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But it's even harder to fathom what my life would be like."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Without this rainboom, I might not have gotten into magic school."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Celestia wouldn't have taken me on as her pupil or sent me to Ponyville to meet my friends."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And the most powerful thing about Cutie Mark Magic that I found is the connection I share with them."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But, um..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The real question about..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Cutie Mark Magic is..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "who it seems to affect."
Spike says: "Starlight Glimmer?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I was sure I saw her, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But when I looked again, she was gone!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm just worried what she could be up to."
Spike says: "Nothing good, I bet."
Spike says: "I heard she wasn't very happy the last time you saw her."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Forcing everypony in her village to have the same cutie mark wasn't right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We had to do something!"
Spike says: "And now she's coming back for revenge."
Spike says: "Uh, or she was just really interested in your speech!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Honestly, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm not really sure what I saw."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But as long as I have my friends, I know everything will be all right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe I was just more stressed about that speech than I thought."
Spike says: "Yeah."
Spike says: "That sounds better than Starlight Glimmer coming back with an evil plot for revenge."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, when you say it like that, it does sound kinda silly."
Spike says: "Or it's totally true!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Welcome home, Twilight!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What are you doing, Starlight?"
Spike says: "Where'd she go?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know, Spike, but I think we better find out!"
Spike says: "I guess we could start with this."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike, no!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Don't touch that!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Huh!"
Spike says: "Cloudsdale?"
Spike says: "Starlight doesn't even have wings!"
Spike says: "Why would she come here?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know, Spike, but it looked like she could fly with just magic!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Keep your eyes open."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We don't know what she has planned."
Spike says: "Isn't that Rainbow Dash?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Did Rainbow Dash look really young to you?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And I didn't see a cutie mark."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You don't think..."
Spike says: "..."
Spike says: "We traveled back in time to when Rainbow Dash raced the bullies who made fun of Fluttershy and performed her first sonic rainboom?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike, only Star Swirl the Bearded could do something like that, and even his spell just went back a week!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "How could Starlight do more than the greatest wizard in Equestria?"
Spike says: "With this."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Star Swirl's spell!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, no!"
Spike says: "Come on, let's go!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Go where?"
Spike says: "To watch the race."
Spike says: "I don't wanna miss the rainboom!"
Spike says: "Whoa!"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa!"
Young Hoops says: "Heh."
Young Hoops says: "Later, Rainbow Crash!"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "Hey!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Aw, sorry about this."
Young Rainbow Dash says: "Hey!"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "What gives?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What did you do?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You are about to find out."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ugh..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know what Starlight's up to yet, but we'd better figure it out before it's too late."
Spike says: "Um, Twilight?"
Spike says: "I think it already is."
Spike says: "Uh, Twilight?"
Spike says: "Where's your castle?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The map pulled us back, but whatever Starlight did in the past changed things here!"
Spike says: "But why?"
Spike says: "And how did we get here?"
Spike says: "Where's here?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "More like when."
Spike says: "What do you mean?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Starlight altered Star Swirl's spell, then somehow used it on the map to travel into the past and change something!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Once she did, the map pulled us back to the present!"
Spike says: "So we're back where—"
Spike says: "I mean, when we started?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Not exactly."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everything's different."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Look."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The map doesn't even make sense anymore!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Crystal Empire takes up half of Equestria!"
Spike says: "Plus there's the whole missing castle thing."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Right!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is too big to handle on our own."
Spike says: "You think?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We need to find our friends and get help!"
Spike says: "I'm gettin' a bad feeling about this, Twilight."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know, Spike, but this is Ponyville."
Twilight Sparkle says: "How bad could things be?"
Spike says: "Is that Sugarcube Corner?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't understand."
Spike says: "Rarity?"
Spike says: "Rarity?!"
Spike says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't think she's here, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm not sure anything we know is the same."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I know one place that could never change!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Applejack?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Applejack says: "What can I do for you?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's so good to see you!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We couldn't find Pinkie or Rarity or Fluttershy or Rainbow Dash, but I just knew you'd still be here!"
Applejack says: "Of course I am."
Applejack says: "This is my home."
Applejack says: "But who in tarnation is Pinkie Bow and Flutterdash?"
Applejack says: "Or you for that matter?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "don't know who I am?"
Applejack says: "Nope."
Applejack says: "Honestly, the only name I recognize is Rarity, but she left for Manehattan years ago."
Spike says: "Probably to become a world-famous fashion designer, I bet."
Applejack says: "Not that I know of."
Applejack says: "Last I heard, she went to help with the cause like everypony else."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The cause?"
Applejack says: "The war against King Sombra and the Crystal Empire?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What?!"
Spike says: "What?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Spike says: "!"
Applejack says: "Where have you two been?"
Spike says: "Actually, it's when."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know this is hard to believe, but you and I and those other ponies I mentioned are friends!"
Applejack says: "Did you bump your head on a crate of cider or somethin'?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm telling you the truth!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And if you come with me, I'll prove it."
Applejack says: "Well, I'll admit."
Applejack says: "I've lived in these parts my whole life and I've never seen this before."
Spike says: "There's also supposed to be a castle that goes with it."
Applejack says: "But I still don't see what this has to do with you and I bein' friends."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Another pony named Starlight Glimmer used this map to travel through time and change things in the past."
Twilight Sparkle says: "For some reason, the map's here but everything else is different!"
Applejack says: "Different how?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, for one thing, where we came from, there's no war with King Sombra."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe you could tell us how the war started, then we can figure out when everything changed!"
Applejack says: "That's easy enough."
Applejack says: "When the Crystal Empire returned, it brought King Sombra back with it."
Applejack says: "And it didn't take long for him to force every one of his subjects to fight for him against Equestria."
Applejack says: "And even with Princess Celestia leadin' the charge, it still takes every last pony in Equestria doin' their part, workin' day and night, to keep up the fight."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just can't believe it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We stopped King Sombra!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You and me and all of our friends!"
Applejack says: "But we aren't friends."
Applejack says: "At least not here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Right."
Applejack says: "Look."
Applejack says: "I hope all this helped, but I really need to get back to cannin' those apples."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thank you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're going to set things right."
Applejack says: "I hope you do."
Spike says: "So..."
Spike says: "how are we gonna set things right?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't know!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The only thing we know for sure is that Starlight stopped the rainboom."
Spike says: "And that the map's still here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike, that's it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The map is connected to the Tree of Harmony!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It must sense that something isn't right!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's why it's still here!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'll just use Starlight's version of the spell and go back a little earlier and stop her before she even knows we're there!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "All we have to do now is find Starlight and—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, finding her will be easy!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "But stopping her's gonna be harder than you think."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Sorry to disappoint you, but I created that spell to send myself back in time."
Starlight Glimmer says: "So even when you cast it, I still get sent back here."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It wasn't difficult to change Star Swirl's spell."
Starlight Glimmer says: "He'd already done the hard part."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But figuring out I could use the map to go to any time or place and pull you along with me?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I even impressed myself with that."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I knew you'd try to stop me."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You're so predictable."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Why else would I leave the scroll behind?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Touching it triggered the map to whisk you here and watch me erase the one thing that linked you with your friends!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "My village was a sanctuary of equality, where nopony's cutie mark allowed them to feel superior!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "It was a special place, and you and your friends took it away!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Now it's my turn to take something special from you!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Without the rainboom, you and your friends will never form your special cutie mark bonds!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Cutie marks for cutie marks!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Sounds like a fair trade to me!"
Spike says: "Twiliiiiiiight!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oops!"
Spike says: "Thanks!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No problem, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "At least now we know exactly what we have to do!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, keep your eyes peeled."
Spike says: "Right!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We have to stop Starlight as soon as Rainbow Dash and those bullies race by!"
Spike says: "Um, Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "So be ready."
Spike says: "I know, but—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Because she could pop up anywhere!"
Spike says: "Like over there?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Just remember how you'd feel if someone said those things to you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What's going on here?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, I was just reminding these two colts how hurtful teasing can be."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, don't!"
Young "Dumb-Bell" says: "Huh?"
Hoops says: "Huh?"
Young Fluttershy says: "Huh?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I mean..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "you were?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Of course!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "In a world where everypony is unique, some are bound to feel more special than others."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But that isn't a license to be cruel, is it?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No, of course not..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, isn't it a shame we don't live in a world where everypony is equal?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "No one would ever tease anyone there!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Wouldn't that be nice?"
Young "Dumb-Bell" says: "Mm-hmm."
Fluttershy says: "Mm-hmm."
Hoops says: "Mm-hmm."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No, it wouldn't!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I mean, it'd be nice not to be teased, of course, but that's not the same thing!"
Young Hoops says: "Come on, Fluttershy."
Young Hoops says: "Maybe I can help you get through the course this time."
Young Fluttershy says: "Well, I-I sure could use the practice..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know you only convinced those bullies to not tease Fluttershy to stop the rainboom!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, that's not true."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I convinced them not to be bullies because everypony should be equal."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Stopping the rainboom is just a bonus."
Spike says: "Look!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This isn't over yet!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "If you say so!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hi!"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "Um..."
Young Rainbow Dash says: "hi?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You think you can stop for a minute?"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "Sure."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I hear you're pretty fast!"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "Pretty fast?"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "Please!"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "I'm even faster than that!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, so, um, hey, you want to race?"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "Um, that wouldn't really be fair."
Young Rainbow Dash says: "I mean, you're a full-grown pony, and..."
Young Rainbow Dash says: "Wait."
Young Rainbow Dash says: "Are you an Alicorn?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come on, I thought you were fast!"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, actually, I just remembered I have somewhere I need to be."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, listen."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You don't have to race me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just need you to fly fast enough for a sonic rainboom!"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "What?!"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "I can't do that!"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "Nopony can!"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "It's not even a real thing!"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "It's just an old mare's tale!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But it's not!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know it's not!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've seen you do it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "In the future!"
Young Rainbow Dash says: "Ooookay..."
Young Rainbow Dash says: "I'm gonna go now."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wait!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Gee, Twilight, what's the matter?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Couldn't convince her to do the impossible?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "That's too bad."
Spike says: "Ugh."
Spike says: "Well, that didn't work."
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is gonna be harder than I thought."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We'll have to try again!"
Spike says: "Hey, Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't want to live in that awful future we saw!"
Spike says: "I don't think you'll have to!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Silence, changeling!"
Fluttershy says: "All servants of Queen Chrysalis found in these woods must be..."
Fluttershy says: "destroyed!"
To be continued...