Cheerilee says: "I want to start our field trip here, in the world-famous Canterlot sculpture garden."
Cheerilee says: "That one over there represents "Friendship"."
Cheerilee says: "Alright, my little ponies."
Cheerilee says: "This one represents "Victory"."
Scootaloo says: "How cool would it be to have that for a cutie mark?"
Apple Bloom says: "Cool, if you were actually victoryful at somethin'."
Sweetie Belle says: "That's not a word!"
Scootaloo says: "What are you, a dictionary?"
Cheerilee says: "Girls!"
Cheerilee says: "Now this is a really interesting statue."
Cheerilee says: "What do you notice about it?"
Apple Bloom says: "It's got an eagle claw!"
Scootaloo says: "And a lion paw!"
Sweetie Belle says: "And a snake tail!"
Cheerilee says: "This creature is called a draconequus."
Cheerilee says: "He has the head of a pony and a body made up of all sorts of things."
Cheerilee says: "What do you suppose that represents?"
Apple Bloom says: "Confusion!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Evil!"
Scootaloo says: "Chaos!"
Sweetie Belle says: "It's not chaos, you dodo!"
Scootaloo says: "Don't call me things I don't know the meaning of!"
Scootaloo says: "And it is too chaos!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Is not!"
Apple Bloom says: "You're both wrong!"
Cheerilee says: "Actually, in a way, you're all right."
Cheerilee says: "This statue represents "Discord", which means a lack of harmony between ponies."
Cheerilee says: "In fact, you three have demonstrated discord so well that you're each going to write me an essay explaining it."
Cheerilee says: "Now let's go, and I don't want anymore fighting."
Apple Bloom says: "It's confusion!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Evil!"
Scootaloo says: "Chaos!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Come back here, you!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Gotcha!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Eww, what is this?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Cotton candy?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Wait a second!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It's not supposed to rain until tomorrow."
Rainbow Dash says: "You did."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey, I didn't tell you to go anywhere!"
Applejack says: "Rainbow Dash, what's goin' on with this rain?"
Applejack says: "I mean chocolate milk?"
Applejack says: "I mean chocolate milk rain?!"
Applejack says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "There's crazy weather all over Equestria!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Cloudsdale is getting soaked by a major cola storm right now!"
Rainbow Dash says: "But don't worry."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm not leaving you until I get control of Ponyville!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Why would you wanna stop this?"
Rarity says: "Ahem."
Rarity says: "I heard about your troubles, Applejack, and I came to see if there's anything I can do without getting wet."
Rarity says: "Or dirty."
Rarity says: "Or out from under my umbrella."
Applejack says: "Fluttershy!"
Applejack says: "Do somethin'!"
Fluttershy says: "Now, Angel, you really shouldn't– No!"
Fluttershy says: "It's not possible!"
Fluttershy says: "I must be seeing things!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Don't worry, everyone."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've learned a new spell that'll fix everything."
Twilight Sparkle says: "My fail-safe spell..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "failed."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What do we do?"
Spike says: "Uh, give up?"
Rarity says: "Spike, Twilight will come up with something."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hmm, time for plan B."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow, can you corral all those clouds in one corner of the sky?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Applejack, I need you to bring those high-strung storm clouds down to Earth."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hey, what happened?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh dear."
Fluttershy says: "I hope none of the animals see these delicious chocolate-filled cotton candy clouds."
Fluttershy says: "I'd hate to have to share them."
Pinkie Pie says: "You and me both, sister!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hey!"
Applejack says: "And when y'all are done with that, feel free to have some popcorn for dessert."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You see, Spike?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You should never give up."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There's nothing we can't overcome if we all work together."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come on, girls."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess Celestia wants to see us all in Canterlot immediately!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Princess Celestia, we came as fast as we could!"
Princess Celestia says: "Thank you, Twilight."
Princess Celestia says: "Thank you, all."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Is this about the weather?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And the animals' weird behavior?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What's happening out there?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why isn't my magic working?"
Princess Celestia says: "Follow me."
Princess Celestia says: "I've called you here for a matter of great importance."
Princess Celestia says: "It seems an old foe of mine, someone I thought I had defeated long ago, has returned."
Princess Celestia says: "His name..."
Princess Celestia says: "is Discord."
Princess Celestia says: "Discord is the mischievous spirit of disharmony."
Princess Celestia says: "Before my sister and I stood up to him, he ruled Equestria in an eternal state of unrest and unhappiness."
Princess Celestia says: "Luna and I saw how miserable life was for Earth ponies, Pegasi, and unicorns alike, so after discovering the Elements of Harmony, we combined our powers and rose up against him, turning him to stone."
Rainbow Dash says: "Alright, Princess!"
Princess Celestia says: "I thought the spell we cast would keep him contained forever, but since Luna and I are no longer connected to the Elements, the spell has been broken."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No longer connected?"
Princess Celestia says: "This is Canterlot Tower, where the Elements are kept inside since all of you recovered them."
Princess Celestia says: "I need you to wield the Elements of Harmony once again and stop Discord before he thrusts all of Equestria into eternal chaos."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But why us?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hey, look!"
Pinkie Pie says: "We're famous!"
Princess Celestia says: "You six showed the full potential of the Elements by harnessing the magic of your friendship to beat a mighty foe."
Princess Celestia says: "Although Luna and I once wielded the Elements, it is you who now control their power, and it is you who must defeat Discord!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Hold on a second!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Eternal chaos comes with chocolate rain, you guys."
Pinkie Pie says: "Chocolate rain!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Don't listen to her, Princess."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We'd be honored to use the Elements of Harmony again."
Rarity says: "Ooh."
Rarity says: "You can keep the Elements."
Rarity says: "I'll take that case!"
Princess Celestia says: "Have no fear, ponies."
Princess Celestia says: "I have total confidence that you will be able to defeat Discord with these!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh, well."
Pinkie Pie says: "If anyone needs me, I'll be outside in the chocolate puddles with a giant swizzle straw."
Twilight Sparkle says: "The Elements!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "They're gone!"
Princess Celestia says: "That chamber is protected by a powerful spell that only I can break!"
Princess Celestia says: "This doesn't make sense!"
Discord says: "Make sense?"
Discord says: "Oh, what fun is there in making sense?"
Princess Celestia says: "Discord..."
Princess Celestia says: "Show yourself!"
Discord says: "Did you miss me, Celestia?"
Discord says: "I missed you."
Discord says: "It's quite lonely being encased in stone, but you wouldn't know that, would you, because I don't turn ponies into stone."
Princess Celestia says: "Enough!"
Princess Celestia says: "What have you done with the Elements of Harmony?"
Discord says: "Oh, I just borrowed them for a teensy little while."
Princess Celestia says: "You'll never get away with this, Discord!"
Discord says: "Oh, I'd forgotten how grim you can be, Celestia."
Discord says: "It's really quite boring."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Nopony insults the Princess!"
Discord says: "Oh, you must be Rainbow Dash, famed for her loyalty, the Element of Harmony you represent."
Rainbow Dash says: "That's right!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'll always be loyal to the Princess!"
Discord says: "We'll see about that."
Rarity says: "I can't believe we're wasting our time talking to a tacky window."
Discord says: "The beautiful Rarity, representing the element of generosity, if I'm not mistaken?"
Applejack says: "So you know who we are, big deal."
Discord says: "Oh, I know much more than that, honest Applejack."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You seem to know our strengths too."
Discord says: "Yes, Twilight Sparkle, and yours is the most powerful and elusive element, magic."
Discord says: "Fluttershy's is kindness and Pinkie Pie's is a personal favorite of mine - laughter."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie!"
Pinkie Pie says: "He's standing on your head!"
Princess Celestia says: "Stop stalling, Discord!"
Princess Celestia says: "What have you done with the Elements of Harmony?"
Discord says: "Oh, so boring, Celestia."
Discord says: "Really?"
Discord says: "Fine, I'll tell you, but I'll only tell you my way."
Discord says: "To retrieve your missing Elements, just make sense of this change of events."
Discord says: "Twists and turns are my master plan."
Discord says: "Then find the Elements back where you began."
Fluttershy says: "Can we go home now?"
Applejack says: "What do you reckon he meant?"
Applejack says: "Twists and turns and endin' back where we started?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Twists and turns..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "twists and turns..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "twists and turns!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I bet Discord hid the Elements in the palace labyrinth!"
Princess Celestia says: "Good luck, my little ponies."
Princess Celestia says: "The fate of Equestria is in your hooves."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thanks, Princess."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We won't let you down."
Fluttershy says: "W-We have to go in there?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Nope!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Dopey Discord forgot about these babies!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I'll just do a quick flyover and we'll have the Elements in no time."
Rainbow Dash says: "My wings!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Your horn!"
Rarity says: "Your horn!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "My horn!"
Rarity says: "My horn!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ahhh!"
Rarity says: "Ahhh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Give us our wings and horns back!"
Discord says: "You'll get them back in good time."
Discord says: "I simply took them to ensure there's no cheating."
Discord says: "You see, this is the first rule of our game: no flying, and no magic."
Rainbow Dash says: "The first rule?"
Discord says: "The second rule is everypony has to play or the game is over, and I win."
Discord says: "Good luck, everypony!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Never fear, girls."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We have each other!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Like Twilight said, there's nothing we can't overcome if we all stick together!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Alright, girls, let's do this!"
All says: "Together!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Stay calm, girls!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everypony head to the middle as fast as you can, and we'll regroup there!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Moving out!"
Rarity says: "See you in the center."
Applejack says: "Yee-haw!"
Pinkie Pie says: "See you guys there!"
Fluttershy says: "What's that?"
Fluttershy says: "Who's there?"
Fluttershy says: "Girls!"
Applejack says: "What in tarnation?"
Applejack says: "Where am I?"
Applejack says: "Who are y'all?"
Red apples says: "The keepers of the grove of truth."
Red apples says: "You may ask us..."
Light-red apples says: "..."
Light-red apples says: "one question..."
Green apples says: "..."
Green apples says: "past, future or present."
Red apples says: "But be warned..."
Light-red apples says: "..."
Light-red apples says: "that the truth..."
Green apples says: "..."
Green apples says: "may not always be pleasant."
Applejack says: "Alright then."
Applejack says: "I don't trust this place worth a hill of beans, but I've got a really bad feelin' about this feller Discord."
Applejack says: "What's gonna come of this mission we're on?"
Red apples says: "For the answer you seek..."
Light-red apples says: "..."
Light-red apples says: "go ahead, take a peek."
Pond Rainbow Dash says: "I hope I never see you again!"
Pond Fluttershy says: "Me too!"
Pond Pinkie Pie says: "Fine!"
Pond Rarity says: "Fine!"
Pond Twilight Sparkle says: "It's settled then."
Applejack says: "No!"
Applejack says: "Our friendship?"
Applejack says: "Over?!"
Applejack says: "!"
Applejack says: "It can't be true."
Applejack says: "It just can't!"
Applejack says: "That just can't be the truth."
Light-red apples says: "When all the truth does..."
Green apples says: "..."
Green apples says: "is make your heart ache..."
Green apples says: "..."
Discord says: "..."
Green apples says: "sometimes a lie is easier to take."
Discord says: "sometimes a lie is easier to take."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Applejack!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thank goodness!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I thought I heard voices over here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Who were you talking to?"
Applejack says: "I was talkin' to..."
Applejack says: "uh..."
Applejack says: "nopony!"
Applejack says: "Nopony whatsoever!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What?"
Applejack says: "Nothing."
Applejack says: "Come on, uh, we best be going."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Did Applejack just..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come on, Twilight!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Applejack wouldn't lie."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hey, what gives?"
Discord says: "What's the matter, Pinkie Pie?"
Discord says: "I thought you appreciated a good laugh?"
Pinkie Pie says: "It's different."
Pinkie Pie says: "They're laughing at me."
Discord says: "It's hardly different."
Discord says: "Your friends laugh at you all the time."
Pinkie Pie says: "My friends laugh with me, not at me."
Discord says: "Oh, really?"
Pinkie Pie says: "No!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Stop it!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Stop laughing at me!"
Discord says: "Oh, poor Pinkie Pie."
Discord says: "And here I thought laughter made you happy."
Pinkie Pie says: "Happy?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I don't think so."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie Pie!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are we glad to see you!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh you are, huh?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Why?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Need a good laugh?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What do you suppose has her so upset?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's not like her."
Applejack says: "I didn't notice anythin' strange about Pinkie."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Weird."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Better pick up the pace before the stress of this gets the better of all of us."
Rarity says: "I was expecting an audience with the Princess, not outdoor sport."
Rarity says: "Agh."
Rarity says: "Oh my..."
Discord says: "Welcome to your lucky day, Rarity."
Discord says: "You've found the one thing in Equestria that could rival my face for sheer beauty."
Discord says: "What do you think?"
Discord says: "You like?"
Rarity says: "Yes..."
Rarity says: "I like very much..."
Rarity says: "No!"
Rarity says: "No, I shan't succumb to such fabulousness."
Rarity says: "Must..."
Rarity says: "get to the center..."
Rarity says: "to meet..."
Rarity says: "the others."
Rarity says: "Mine!"
Rarity says: "Well, Rarity."
Rarity says: "It took forever, but it was worth it."
Rarity says: "Who knew three little gemstones would turn out to be this handsome hunk of a diamond?"
Rarity says: "Now to get you home."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are we glad to see..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Why are you carrying a humongous boulder?"
Rarity says: "What do you mean, "boulder"?"
Rarity says: "This big beautiful bedazzling rock is a diamond!"
Rarity says: "And it's all mine."
Rarity says: "Keep your envious little eyes off it!"
Rarity says: "I found it and it's mine fair and square!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, wait a minute..."
Fluttershy says: "Butterflies?"
Fluttershy says: "Wait!"
Fluttershy says: "Don't leave me here!"
Butterflies says: "Fluttershy, looks like you've been left behind by your so-called friends, huh?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, no."
Fluttershy says: "I'm certain they're doing their best to find me."
Butterflies says: "Well, it must be so upsetting to know how weak and helpless they think you are."
Fluttershy says: "Not at all."
Fluttershy says: "I am weak and helpless and I appreciate their understanding."
Butterflies says: "Yes..."
Butterflies says: "Well, surely it burns you up..."
Butterflies says: "I mean, that they're always pointing out your flaws, right?"
Fluttershy says: "Not really."
Fluttershy says: "In fact, I think I'm awfully lucky to have friends who want me to be the best I can be."
Discord says: "Oh, for goodness sake!"
Discord says: "You've been kind for far too long, my dear."
Discord says: "Time to be cruel."
Discord says: "Arrivederci!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm so glad to see a friendly face."
Twilight Sparkle says: "This awful labyrinth is getting to everypony."
Applejack says: "Grrr..."
Fluttershy says: "Aw, boo-hoo-hoo!"
Fluttershy says: "Why don't you wave your magic little horn and make everything all right?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh..."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, that's right, you can't."
Fluttershy says: "You don't have one."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What is happening to my friends?"
Pinkie Pie says: "And what are you laughing at?"
Applejack says: "Chocolate milk."
Rarity says: "Little help here!"
Rarity says: "Thanks, Twilight."
Rarity says: "But don't get any ideas about my gem!"
Rarity says: "I know where you live."
Rainbow Dash says: "I've got you now, element."
Discord says: "Oh."
Discord says: "I can see why you like these clouds so much."
Discord says: "Very plush."
Rainbow Dash says: "Get off there and put 'em up!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Come on!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Let's go!"
Discord says: "Hey, I'm here to deliver a message."
Rainbow Dash says: "I've got a message for you too!"
Discord says: "Listen closely, this is important."
Discord says: "A weighty choice is yours to make: the right selection or a big mistake."
Discord says: "If a wrong choice you choose to pursue, the foundations of home will crumble without you."
Rainbow Dash says: "Cloudsdale?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Crumble..."
Rainbow Dash says: "without me?"
Rainbow Dash says: "No!"
Discord says: "That box contains your wings."
Discord says: "You can take them and leave the game, or you can carry on aimlessly wandering this maze."
Discord says: "Your choice."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Must..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "find..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow Dash."
Twilight Sparkle says: "As a team..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "we're unstoppable."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow Dash won't let us down."
Applejack says: "Well, looky there."
Applejack says: "Rainbow Dash is flying away."
Applejack says: "She's abandonin' us."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now I know that's a lie."
Twilight Sparkle says: "How can it be?"
Discord says: "Well, well, well."
Discord says: "Somepony broke the "no wings; no magic" rule."
To be continued...