Starlight Glimmer says: "I don't know, folks."
Starlight Glimmer says: "She's been in there a long time!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Do you suppose the Terrifying Trunk Escape is too much for her?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What if the Great and Powerful Trixie can't—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Trixie says: "Escape?!"
Trixie says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "But if you're there, who's in here?"
Trixie says: "Why, our volunteer, of course!"
Granny Smith says: "Crabapple surprise!"
Granny Smith says: "You shoulda oughta tell a pony before ya go a-poofin' 'em around the stage!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Trixie, that was an amazing show!"
Princess Cadance says: "Flurry Heart and I loved it!"
Princess Cadance says: "I'm so glad we decided to come."
Princess Cadance says: "You two have a real chemistry."
Trixie says: "The Terrifying Trunk Escape does require a grrrreat and powerful assistant."
Princess Cadance says: "The way you two work together, it's like you've known each other as long as Twilight and I have."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It was pretty fun."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Of course it was!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "There's nothing better than a bond with another pony."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You can share all kinds of things."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sunshine, sunshine, ladybugs awake!"
Princess Cadance says: "Sunshine, sunshine, ladybugs awake!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Clap your hooves and do a little shake!"
Princess Cadance says: "Clap your hooves and do a little shake!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I think we'll stick to the stage magic for now."
Trixie says: "The Great and Powerful Trixie doesn't chant."
Trixie says: "As much as I love my one-pony show, it's always nice to come to Ponyville and perform with my great and powerful assistant."
Trixie says: "Cadance is right."
Trixie says: "We do work well together!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Doing a show with you is almost as much fun as counseling students at Twilight's school!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Which I'm supposed to be doing right now!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "See ya later."
Hoo'Far says: "Excuse me, Ms."
Hoo'Far says: "Powerful..."
Trixie says: "Usually, ponies just call me Trixie."
Trixie says: "But "Ms."
Trixie says: "Powerful" has a nice ring."
Hoo'Far says: "From here to Saddle Arabia, I have seen nothing that compares with your wondrous show."
Hoo'Far says: "Uh, would you consider blessing my homeland with it?"
Trixie says: "I was just about to set out on tour."
Trixie says: "Ugh!"
Trixie says: "And, uh, my caravan might not be suited for an extended tour."
Hoo'Far says: "Mine is new and quite spacious."
Hoo'Far says: "If it would help persuade you, I would happily trade it for yours."
Trixie says: "Trade it?!"
Trixie says: "!"
Trixie says: "Heavens, no!"
Trixie says: "This is more than just some great and powerful wagon you see before you!"
Trixie says: "It is shelter."
Trixie says: "It is transportation."
Trixie says: "It is my only friend on the long and lonely nights on the road."
Hoo'Far says: "Very well."
Hoo'Far says: "Then I must see as many of your performances as I can."
Hoo'Far says: "If I cannot convince you to bring your tour to Saddle Arabia, I must be prepared to relate its magnificence to your many fans there."
Trixie says: ""Many fans", you say?"
Trixie says: "Well, I suppose I could consider the trip."
Hoo'Far says: "Wonderful!"
Hoo'Far says: "I look forward to seeing you on the road!"
Hoo'Far says: "And if you change your mind about the caravans, my offer remains open."
Trixie says: "Hmmm..."
Trixie says: "It's just so far away."
Trixie says: "Of course, I love visiting new and exciting places."
Trixie says: "I am a traveling magician after all."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Hmmm."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Sounds like your mind's made up."
Trixie says: "Not quite."
Trixie says: "The road is a lonely place."
Trixie says: "And this trip even more so."
Trixie says: "I was hoping I might convince my grrrrreat and powerful assistant to come along?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Really?"
Trixie says: "Of course!"
Trixie says: "You're not just my assistant and my counselor."
Trixie says: "You're also my friend."
Trixie says: "And what's better than a road trip with friends?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Nothing!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "This will be the best magical road trip ever!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I should probably get somepony to cover my student counseling duties while we're gone."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Trixie, are you all right?"
Trixie says: "One caravan for two all set!"
Trixie says: "Oh."
Trixie says: "You brought luggage."
Trixie says: "I mean, of course you brought luggage!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You bet I did!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Everything two ponies need for the road trip of their lives!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Three one-thousand-piece puzzles, one copy of Dragon Pit – the best board game in the history of ponies – my famous collection of campfire spices, and an inflatable raft."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Did I forget something?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I could pop back to the castle and grab it."
Trixie says: "Oh, no."
Trixie says: "It isn't that."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Yeah, maybe we don't need the raft."
Trixie says: "Now, everything..."
Trixie says: "fits.."
Trixie says: "just..."
Trixie says: "fine!"
Trixie says: "Who am I kidding?"
Trixie says: "My wagon is too small for us."
Trixie says: "I understand if you're having second thoughts."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Second thoughts?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Are you kidding?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "This wagon isn't small."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "eh..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "cozy."
Starlight Glimmer says: "And there's no such thing as too cozy."
Trixie says: "Well, all right then!"
Trixie says: "I guess it's time to hit the road!"
Trixie says: "I'll..."
Trixie says: "start us off..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Okay."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Maybe there is such a thing as too cozy."
Trixie says: "You're sure you wouldn't rather ride?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm sure."
Trixie says: "And you're not backing out?"
Trixie says: "The two of us sleeping in that cozy caravan could get tricky."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Trixie, there's plenty of high-quality inns to stay at on the way."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Don't worry about it."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm not backing out of the greatest and most powerful road trip bonding experience two ponies could ever have."
Trixie says: "Well, when you put it like that, I'm actually kind of excited!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Me, too!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Thank goodness we're not like Twilight or the others."
Starlight Glimmer says: "They'd probably sing a song about it."
Starlight Glimmer and Trixie.
We're off on the road to friendship.
Our ride might be tiny and small.
Starlight Glimmer says: "Beats walking though, eh, Trix?"
Trixie says: "I am walking."
Trixie.
But road trips are a great way, we've been told, to get along.
Starlight Glimmer.
I'm glad we're sticking to it, we've already got a song.
Starlight Glimmer and Trixie.
We're off on the road to friendship.
Side by side, just like peas in a pod.
Trixie.
Our bond of friendship is stronger than this tour's demands.
Hoo'Far says: "My offer to trade caravans still stands!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Wait, what did he say?"
Trixie says: "Nothing!"
Starlight Glimmer and Trixie.
We're so tight, we can't move around.
I guess we're stuck together 'cause we're friendship bound.
Trixie says: "Sure is great traveling with you, buddy!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You too, buddy!"
Starlight Glimmer and Trixie.
We're off on the road to friendship.
Trixie says: "Yes, we are!"
Starlight Glimmer and Trixie.
We've each got the other to blame.
Starlight Glimmer.
Any trip can be exhausting if you make a fuss.
Trixie.
But we get on so well that's there no way that could be us.
Starlight Glimmer and Trixie.
We're off on the road to friendship.
And there's nowhere that we'd rather be.
Trixie says: "Was that off-key?"
Starlight Glimmer.
In summer, winter, spring, and fall, we're friends throughout the year.
Trixie.
For untold seasons yet to come, our friendship will be here.
Starlight Glimmer says: "For nine, at least!"
Starlight Glimmer and Trixie.
We're so tight, we can't move around.
Trixie says: "Like a race where you tie your hooves together and you have to move in perfect synchronization to win!"
Starlight Glimmer and Trixie.
We're friendship boooooound.
Starlight Glimmer says: "Or like a buddy movie where the two protagonists can't get away from each other because they're wearing hoof-cuffs!"
Starlight Glimmer and Trixie.
We're friendship boooooound!
Trixie says: "Ooh, the marketplace."
Trixie says: "Perfect!"
Trixie says: "I've learned the hard way that life on the road requires very specific supplies."
Trixie says: "And we only have so many bits."
Trixie says: "So we'll have to spend them wise..."
Trixie says: "..."
Trixie says: "ly."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Sorry about wasting bits on street food."
Trixie says: "Oh, it's fine."
Trixie says: "Falafel bonding, right?"
Trixie says: "Besides, we still have enough for..."
Trixie says: "haycakes and juice."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Um, why don't we go there?"
Trixie says: "Oh, no-no-no."
Trixie says: "I always buy my haycakes here."
Starlight Glimmer says: "So we're just going to wait in line for hours?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Uh, which is totally cool!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Waiting-in-line bonding!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Right?"
Trixie says: "After our falafel purchase, we weren't able to get everything on my list."
Trixie says: "But we are definitely set for breakfast."
Starlight Glimmer says: "And I'm sure we'll find out that waiting in that super-long line was worth it."
Trixie says: "A few hiccups always happen."
Trixie says: "We'll be back on the road to friendship after a good night's sleep."
Mrs. Trotsworth says: "We're all full!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Uh, I'm sure we'll find something."
Tall Pony says: "Nope."
Short Pony says: "Sorry."
Round Pony says: "All full!"
Hoo'Far says: "Ah, the Glowpaz Festival."
Hoo'Far says: "Somnambula is no doubt filled to the brim."
Hoo'Far says: "Luckily, travelers such as ourselves have our caravans."
Trixie says: "You said there'd be plenty of places to stay."
Trixie says: ""Don't even worry about it," you said."
Trixie says: "Ya might've thought to make a reservation!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Um, I've been with you singing and standing in line."
Starlight Glimmer says: "When would I have done that?"
Trixie says: "I don't know."
Trixie says: "But I'm starting to think you aren't as great and powerful an assistant as I thought!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "So you just brought me along to do your legwork?"
Trixie says: "No."
Trixie says: "Of course not."
Trixie says: "I'm sorry."
Trixie says: "I'm just frustrated."
Trixie says: "I was really looking forward to a relaxing night in a nice room."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Me, too."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But since there's literally no room at the inns, I guess it's lucky we've got the wagon."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Sleeping-in-tight-quarters bonding."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Yaaaaay."
Trixie says: "Yaaaaay."
Trixie says: "Is there something I can do to make things more comfortable for you?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You could get rid of this junk."
Trixie says: "Yes, well, before we throw away the magical items it's taken me years to collect, we could try switching hammocks."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Fine."
Trixie says: "Starlight!"
Trixie says: "Starlight!"
Trixie says: "I think there's a wild animal outside!"
Trixie says: "Starlight?"
Trixie says: "Starlight!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What?"
Trixie says: "I'm sorry."
Trixie says: "Your snoring is a bit, um..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Loud?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Yeah, I do that."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I had my village convinced we were being attacked by bears every night."
Starlight Glimmer says: "But we probably need a better solution here."
Trixie says: "Ladies and gentleponies..."
Trixie says: "Great and Powerful Trixie..."
Trixie says: "amazing feats..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Seriously?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Trixie says: "Prepare to be amazed..."
Trixie says: "Sleep well?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Sure did."
Trixie says: "Is, uh, that the last of the haycakes?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Yeah."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Sorry."
Trixie says: "It's fine."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I don't suppose there's any more juice."
Trixie says: "Ahhh!"
Trixie says: "Nah."
Trixie says: "I guess we'll have to resupply."
Hoo'Far says: "What a glorious morning!"
Hoo'Far says: "I can't tell you how much I am looking forward to the first show of your tour!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Is he gonna be following us for the whole time?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Trixie says: "I do not know."
Starlight Glimmer says: "She's been in there a long time."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Do you suppose the Terrifying Trunk Escape is too much for a pony who drinks all the juice and talks non-stop in her sleep?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What if the Great and Powerful Trixie can't..."
Trixie says: "Sleep?!"
Trixie says: "!"
Trixie says: "Because her roommate snores like an ursa major?!"
Trixie says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "But if you're there, who's in here?"
"Cortland" says: "There's not much room in here!"
Trixie says: "At least you don't have to sleep in it with another pony!"
Hoo'Far says: "This show is much better in Ponyville."
Trixie says: "Oh."
Trixie says: "Would you like the last carrot?"
Trixie says: "I know how fond you are of eating the last of things."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, no."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It might make me thirsty, and we don't have anything to drink."
Starlight Glimmer says: "So..."
Trixie says: "The good news is I'm so exhausted, I could sleep through a stampede of wild boars!"
Trixie says: "Which, you'll be delighted to know, is only slightly louder than your snoring."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, I'm looking forward to rehearsing the act with you all night."
Starlight Glimmer says: "So diligent of you to go over it and over it in your sleep."
Trixie says: "Practice makes perfect."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Not today, it didn't."
Trixie says: "Well, I'm sorry you're so miserable!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Really?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Because if you wanted to make things more comfortable, you could always pare down a bit!"
Trixie says: "Well, since you're so concerned about space, you can have it all!"
Trixie says: "I'll sleep under the stars, where at least the wild animals will be QUIETER THAN YOU!"
Hoo'Far says: "I do not mean to interrupt, but it seems there is trouble on the road to friendship."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Ya think?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Trixie says: "Where's my wagon?!"
Trixie says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I traded it to that pony from Saddle Arabia for his."
Starlight Glimmer says: "He even threw in a pair of robes."
Trixie says: "You what?!"
Trixie says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I traded the old, worn-out wagon that was too small for us, for this nice spacious one that we can both enjoy."
Trixie says: "Who said you could do that?!"
Trixie says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Nopony."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I just did it."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Now we both have plenty of room, and you didn't even have to give anything away."
Trixie says: "Au contraire."
Trixie says: "I did give something away!"
Trixie says: "I gave away my wagon..."
Trixie says: "and my best friend!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm sorry!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I didn't realize you were better friends with that beat-up old wagon than you are with me!"
Trixie says: "Well, it's easy when the wagon is a better friend!"
Trixie says: "It would've never traded you away!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "That's ridiculous."
Trixie says: "Oh, it is ridiculous."
Trixie says: "In fact, this whole tour is ridiculous!"
Trixie says: "I don't even know why I invited you in the first place!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Well, maybe I should just head home!"
Trixie says: "I think that's a very good idea!"
Trixie says: "And you can take this horrible giant caravan with you!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Fine!"
Trixie says: "Good!"
Trixie says: "Come on!"
Trixie says: "Whoa!"
Hoo'Far says: "Goodness!"
Hoo'Far says: "Oh, Ms."
Hoo'Far says: "Powerful."
Hoo'Far says: "Eh, but where is your assistant?"
Hoo'Far says: "I had hoped providing you with a more comfortable means of conveyance would allow you to once more dazzle the crowds with mystifying feats of magic."
Trixie says: "Normally, that sort of flattery would suffice."
Trixie says: "But today, we must discuss your dishonest and unfair procurement of my wagon!"
Hoo'Far says: "I desired your wagon and provided one of equal and better value in return."
Hoo'Far says: "It seems like a perfectly honest and fair trade to me."
Trixie says: "Unfortunately, it is more nuanced than that!"
Hoo'Far says: "I'm sure it is, but I am eager to set out."
Hoo'Far says: "If you'll excuse me."
Hoo'Far says: "I am willing to wait as long as you are."
Trixie says: "Ha!"
Trixie says: "We'll just see about that!"
Hoo'Far says: "You know, even if I was willing to reverse the trade, you don't have my caravan to offer in return."
Trixie says: "Details!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You all seemed..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "a lot less threatening when there were two of us!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "This place is awful!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "How did I not see it before?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
"Rainy Day" says: "Hey!"
"Rainy Day" says: "It's one of those traveling ponies!"
"Snow Violet" says: "Your song really inspired us!"
"Snow Violet" says: "We decided we need to head off on the road to friendship, too!"
"Rainy Day" says: "It sure beats the road to deliveries!"
"Snow Violet" says: "Yeah!"
"Snow Violet" says: "Sometimes traveling together is hard!"
"Rainy Day" says: "You reminded us we could also make it fun!"
"Rainy Day" says: "Thanks again!"
"Rainy Day" says: "Woo-hoo!"
Hoo'Far says: "Steaming hot beverage?"
Trixie says: "Thank you."
Trixie says: "No."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What are you two doing?"
Trixie says: "Taking a stand!"
Trixie says: "By lying down!"
Trixie says: "Not that you care, Wagon-Trader-Away-er!"
Hoo'Far says: "I'm afraid I'm still not interested, despite your assistant's convenient appearance."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Trixie, I came back to apologize."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I should never have traded away the wagon."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It wasn't mine to trade."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It belongs to my friend."
Hoo'Far says: "Hmmm."
Hoo'Far says: "If you truly were friends, I suppose I'd be honor-bound to reverse the trade."
Trixie says: "Okay!"
Trixie says: "Fine!"
Trixie says: "We're friends!"
Trixie says: "Best friends who share a deep bond who weren't prepared for the emotional challenges of traveling."
Trixie says: "Happy?!"
Trixie says: "!"
Hoo'Far says: "I'm still unconvinced."
Hoo'Far says: "Perhaps you could prove your friendship."
Trixie says: "How?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Uh, we could do our friendship chant!"
Trixie says: "Oh, right..."
Trixie says: "Our world-famous chant of friendship that we do all the time because we're such great friends."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Magic, tra-magic..."
Trixie says: "Magic, tra-magic..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "poof of smoke..."
Trixie says: "poof of smoke..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "want to wave your hooves..."
Trixie says: "want to wave your hooves..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "and tell a..."
Trixie says: "and tell a..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "little joke!"
Trixie says: "little joke!"
Hoo'Far says: "That was the worst friendship chant I have ever heard!"
Hoo'Far says: "And you two were clearly making it up as you went."
Hoo'Far says: "But only true friends would be willing to act so ridiculous for one another."
Trixie says: "So you'll give back the wagon?"
Hoo'Far says: "Though I'd suggest heading back to Ponyville."
Hoo'Far says: "I'm not sure Saddle Arabia is ready for..."
Hoo'Far says: "uh, this."
Starlight Glimmer says: "That's fair."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm sorry your Saddle Arabian tour was ruined."
Trixie says: "Honestly, I don't think I could've stood one more second on the road."
Trixie says: "At a certain point, I don't even like traveling with myself."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It is a lot harder than I thought."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Still, I'm glad we tried."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Mostly so we know not to do it again."
Trixie says: "I think it's made our friendship greater and more powerful than ever!"
"Cortland" says: "You know, there's actually plenty of room in here for one pony to nap."
"Cortland" says: "Is the show over?"