Toola Roola says: "Oops!"
Toola Roola says: "Sorry, Princess Twilight."
Toola Roola says: "That was meant for her."
Toola Roola says: "Incoming!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Whoa!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Toola Roola, Coconut Cream, what are you doing?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Coconut Cream says: "That was meant for my ex-friend."
Toola Roola says: "I'm not your ex-friend – you're my ex-friend!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Both of you, stop!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So you see, friendship isn't always easy, but there's no doubt, it's worth fighting for."
Coconut Cream says: "Awww!"
Toola Roola says: "Awww!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hmmm."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That sounds familiar."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Aha!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Here it is."
Starlight Glimmer says: "What is that?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come on, Starlight, don't judge a book by its cover."
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is the friendship journal my friends and I used to keep."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's filled with all the things we've learned, like: "Friendship isn't always easy, but there's no doubt, it's worth fighting for."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'll judge a book by its cover just this once."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thanks for coming, everypony."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've got a surprise for you."
Fluttershy says: "What is it, Twilight?"
Fluttershy says: "Do I need to prepare myself?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's this!"
Rarity says: "Ugh, what is that thing?"
Rarity says: "Why is it so smelly?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Wait a minute."
Pinkie Pie says: "Is this our old friendship journal?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I haven't seen this thing in forever!"
Applejack says: "Hoo-wee!"
Applejack says: "It's lookin' a little, uh..."
Applejack says: "overripe."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'll say!"
Rainbow Dash says: "There's a smushed apple in Applejack's lessons."
Rainbow Dash says: "Fluttershy's lessons are so small, you can barely read them."
Fluttershy says: "I, uh, wanted to leave room for all of you."
Rainbow Dash says: "I-I don't even know what this is."
Rarity says: "It is called calligraphy, darling."
Rarity says: "If you're going to make words, at least make them fabulous."
Applejack says: "Looks like you got a little aggressive with your friendship lessons, Rainbow Dash."
Rainbow Dash says: "What can I say?"
Rainbow Dash says: "When I learn something, I learn it hard."
Rainbow Dash says: "I found Pinkie's page."
Pinkie Pie says: "Well, I am surprised!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That wasn't the only surprise."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ta-da!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Starlight and I decided to make one for each of you!"
Applejack says: "That's amazin'!"
Applejack says: "A perfect copy!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I learned the spell years ago when I needed to make copies of a certain—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "..."
Starlight Glimmer says: "manifesto."
Rarity says: "Ahhh!"
Rarity says: "Even better than a perfect copy."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I'd forgotten all about this lesson."
Rainbow Dash says: "Remember this one from when I helped Daring Do?"
Rainbow Dash says: ""Never underestimate the power of friends who always got your back."
Pinkie Pie says: "Aww, Cheese Sandwich!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Party cannon!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Birth-iversary!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "After Twilight remembered the journal, I had so much fun reading all the stuff you've all learned, I just had to have my own copy."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And that brings me to the second part of the surprise."
Twilight Sparkle says: "My idea."
Twilight Sparkle says: "How would you girls feel about making our journal available for everypony?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "If we can get these lessons into other ponies' hooves, maybe they'll benefit from them."
Fluttershy says: "Well, I think that's a great idea."
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm in!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yay!"
Applejack says: "W-We always said we wanted to."
Rarity says: "Sounds fabulous."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'm awesome."
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, yeah."
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, good idea."
Toola Roola says: "No!"
Toola Roola says: "I don't wanna play with you anymore!"
Coconut Cream says: "Why not?!"
Coconut Cream says: "!"
Coconut Cream says: "You love playing hopskotch!"
Toola Roola says: "No, you do because you always win!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hey, girls."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Couldn't help but overhear."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You might want to take a breather, maybe read Rainbow Dash's chapter on Rainbow Falls?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It might help."
Toola Roola says: "Sure, Princess."
Apple Bloom says: "Thanks, Twilight!"
Apple Bloom says: "The friendship journal's makin' us super popular!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh."
Apple Bloom says: "We were thinkin' of puttin' together a cutie mark summer camp."
Apple Bloom says: "Now, everypony's definitely gonna sign up for it!"
Apple Bloom says: "This is gonna be awesome!"
Apple Bloom says: "Cutie Mark Crusaders, whoo."
Starlight Glimmer says: "A cutie mark camp is a great idea."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yeah, but the purpose of the journal isn't supposed to be marketing."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just hope those foals actually learn something from our lessons."
Starlight Glimmer says: "They will!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm sure ponies all across Equestria will—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Whoa!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh, hello!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Can I..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "help you?"
Out of Town Pony says: "We're here all the way from Fillydelphia because we got copies of your friendship journal!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wow!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "How wonderful!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What was your favorite friendship—"
Out of Town Pony says: "Will you sign them?!"
Out of Town Pony says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, uh, I guess so."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So, what did you think of the lessons?"
Out of Town Pony says: "Oh, we haven't read them."
Out of Town Pony says: "These are keepsakes."
Out of Town Pony says: "We gotta keep them in mint condition."
Out of Town Pony says: "Ha-ha."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh."
Out of Town Pony 2 says: "Wow, that was worth the trip!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Don't worry, Twilight."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm sure lots of other ponies are being inspired to be better friends."
Diamond Cutter says: "Well, I for one found the journal terribly illuminating."
Lavender Bloom says: "I agree."
Lavender Bloom says: "I'm seeing sides of these ponies I didn't know were there."
Lavender Bloom says: "I only wish they'd left Rarity out."
Lavender Bloom says: "She clearly doesn't belong in that book with the rest of them."
Diamond Cutter says: "Oh, I know!"
Diamond Cutter says: "Who does she think she is?"
Diamond Cutter says: "Certainly she did a fine job setting up the Ponyville Days celebration, but does she really believe it was a success just because of her?"
Diamond Cutter says: "The nerve!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But that's not what she was saying!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, poor Rarity."
Twilight Sparkle says: "She overheard all the mean things those ponies were saying."
Twilight Sparkle says: "She must be devastated."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm going after her."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Go ahead."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'm gonna have a chat with these two."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity, wait!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Twilight!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Isn't it amazing?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Our journals are everywhere!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Pinkie, I've got to—"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ponies keep stopping by to tell me my entries are hilarious!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I even had somepony come all the way from Las Pegasus to say how much he liked my lessons!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I am so glad to hear some ponies are being inspired by the journal."
Cherry Berry says: "Hey, look!"
Cherry Berry says: "There's Pinkie Pie!"
Cherry Berry says: "The funny one!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Giggly feedback is the best kind!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, at least you're getting a positive reaction."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just saw Rarity, and I'm afraid this whole journal thing really upset her."
Pinkie Pie says: "Aww, that's too bad."
Pinkie Pie says: "Wait."
Pinkie Pie says: "That wasn't even funny."
Twilight Sparkle says: "O-kay."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, I guess I'll catch you later."
Pinkie Pie says: "Yup."
Pinkie Pie says: "Bye, Twilight!"
Sassaflash says: "Hah!"
Sassaflash says: "Classic Pinkie!"
Sassaflash says: "Oh, she's even funnier in real life!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You've known me for years!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Maybe it's time to call it a day."
"Princess Erroria" says: "I wipped out all the Twilight Spawkle lessons 'cause they were getting in the way of the good ones."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What do you mean you skipped the lessons?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We've all had valuable experiences."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey, here's a great idea!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Why don't you guys talk to Twilight for a while?"
Rainbow Dash says: "So I can get back to things like working and napping and, well, pretty much anything else."
"Princess Erroria" says: "Aw, we don't wanna hear her bowing lessons!"
"Princess Erroria" says: "Come on!"
"Princess Erroria" says: "Tell us again about when you met Dawing Do!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Again?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Haven't we already covered that one?"
Rainbow Dash says: "A couple dozen times?"
"Princess Erroria" says: "We can't get enough of it!"
"Princess Erroria" says: "Come on, you don't want to disappoint your fans!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "It's just that I, uh, really need to get those storm clouds back in their..."
Rainbow Dash says: "pens."
"Princess Erroria" says: "Oh, cool!"
"Princess Erroria" says: "We'll come along."
"Princess Erroria" says: "You can tell us the stowy there."
Pegasus Fillies says: "Rainbow Dash!"
Pegasus Fillies says: "Rainbow Dash!"
Pegasus Fillies says: "Rainbow Dash!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, what's going on now?"
Fluttershy says: "Please, just leave me alone!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy, what's wrong?"
Glasses Stallion says: "We want answers!"
"Lemon Chiffon" says: "Yeah!"
"Lemon Chiffon" says: "We're entitled to know!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What is it, everypony?"
"Lemon Chiffon" says: "We wanna know why Fluttershy keeps learning the same thing over and over again!"
"Lemon Chiffon" says: "Be assertive already!"
"Wisp" says: "Even I've learned more than she has!"
"Wisp" says: "Why can't I be in the book?!"
"Wisp" says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Really?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Are you attacking my friend because you want to be in a book?!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "It's okay."
Fluttershy says: "I got this, girls."
Fluttershy says: "I didn't think so."
Glasses Stallion says: "Wow."
Glasses Stallion says: "You're way different from the Fluttershy in the book."
Glasses Stallion says: "I don't know how I feel about that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It feels like everypony in Equestria is missing the "friendship" part of the friendship journals."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity, are you alright?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What are you doing?"
Rarity says: "Why, I'm creating a gown, darling!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "For what?"
Rarity says: "I don't know!"
Rarity says: "I'm stress-sewing!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Stress-sewing?"
Rarity says: "When I overheard those two at the cafe, I suddenly understood why I've been getting cancellations for days!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "What?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Why are ponies cancelling their orders?"
Rarity says: "Because nopony likes me any more!"
Rarity says: "They're boycotting me!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sure if I go out there and talk to those ponies, they'll see that they're being unreasonable."
Applejack says: "I need a hundred blankets, and I need 'em now!"
Applejack says: "Sorry, Twilight."
Rarity says: "Right away, pony-who-still-likes-me!"
Applejack says: "I don't need nothin' fancy."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What's the matter, Applejack?"
Applejack says: "I'm popular, Twilight!"
Applejack says: "I'm popular, and I don't like it one bit!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "You go ahead."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I'll stay here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Applejack, who are all these ponies?"
Applejack says: "They call themselves the Sweet Apple Admirers."
Applejack says: "They say they read my journal entries, and they felt like a part of the family."
Applejack says: "And now they actually wanna become part of the family!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Your journal entries?"
Applejack says: "Yeah, you know, all the stuff about how friends are like family and whatnot?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Can't you get rid of them?"
Applejack says: "And kick out my own family?!"
Applejack says: "!"
Applejack says: "Granny Smith, hang on!"
Applejack says: "Let me help!"
Sweet Apple Admirer says: "There she is!"
Ponies says: "Yee-haw!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I wish we'd never released that journal."
Starlight Glimmer says: "There you are!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Okay, I just left Rarity."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I think she's doing better, and—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, boy."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Window-staring, huh?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Was it that bad at Sweet Apple Acres?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's bad everywhere."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I thought I was doing something good."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I thought I was helping."
Twilight Sparkle says: "How could our friendship journal have led to so much..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "anti-friendship?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, Twilight, it's not your fault."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Of course it's my fault!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "If I hadn't had the big idea to make copies, none of this would be happening!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm afraid I made life awful for my friends!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I really think you're being too hard on yourself."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Am I?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Applejack says: "I didn't know where else to go!"
Applejack says: "I've got so much cookin' and cleanin' and family-in' to do..."
Applejack says: "I ain't got time for anythin' else!"
Pinkie Pie says: "At least ponies aren't laughing every time you talk!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Not even I want to be funny all the time!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm telling you, my days of hilariosity-ness-ness are over!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You think you've got problems?"
Rainbow Dash says: "I know I'm awesome, but I can't even go to the bathroom without somepony trying to tell me how cool I am!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh, Rarity?"
Rainbow Dash says: "What are you wearing?"
Rarity says: "My emotions, darling!"
Rarity says: "Stress couture!"
Fluttershy says: "I don't know what I'm gonna do if I have to defend myself one more time!"
Rarity says: "Hmm?"
Rarity says: "Oh, uh, sorry, darling."
Rarity says: "Force of habit."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Okay, so maybe they are having a hard time with it."
Starlight Glimmer says: "That doesn't mean you did anything wrong."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes, I did!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Releasing the journal was my idea, and it backfired in ways I could never have imagined!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's not your fault."
Starlight Glimmer says: "It's everypony else's!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "They're just focusing on the wrong things, and—"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Wait here!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I've got an idea!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't wait any longer."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've got to fix this."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everypony, please stop!"
Reporter Pony says: "Princess Twilight, I'm with the Canterlot Chronicle."
Reporter Pony says: "Quick question—"
Reporter Pony says: "what would you say to ponies who wonder why you moved to Ponyville in the first place?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I moved here to learn about friendship."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's why the journal even exists."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It took some time for me to get the hang of it, but it was each of these ponies standing next to me who taught me the lessons in those journals."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Applejack, Pinkie Pie, Rainbow Dash, Rarity, and Fluttershy, too."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Then it was all of you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've learned so much from—"
Reporter Pony says: "What I mean is, some ponies would argue that it doesn't seem believable that the six of you would be friends."
Twilight Sparkle says: ""Believable"?"
Reporter Pony says: "Well, sure."
Reporter Pony says: "I read this journal cover to cover, and I have to say your character would have been much more interesting if she'd stayed in Canterlot."
Twilight Sparkle says: "My character?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We are real ponies!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "This journal is a record of things that actually happened to us!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We made mistakes, and we learned from them!"
Diamond Cutter says: "What about Rarity?"
Diamond Cutter says: "Are we really supposed to believe everything she wrote in there?"
"Princess Erroria" says: "That's why you wanna be Team Dash!"
"Princess Erroria" says: "She's the only one that didn't weally need to learn anything, because she was alweady so cool."
Pearly Stitch says: "Twilight was better before she got wings!"
"Lemon Chiffon" says: "Fluttershy is just so painfully shy, it's hard to relate!"
"Lemon Chiffon" says: "I mean, come on!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wait a minute, everypony!"
Caramel says: "Are Pinkie Pie and Applejack related or what?!"
Caramel says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Listen to me!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Listen to me!"
Twilight Sparkle.
I never claimed to be perfect.
My mistakes are all written in ink.
None of us claimed to be perfect.
And it's sad if that's what you all think.
Our flaws helped to make us special.
They bond us and keep us strong.
Our flaws are what brought us together.
So stop actin' like somethin's wrong.
Mane Six.
We're not flawless.
We're a work in progress.
We've got dents and we've got quirks.
But it's our flaws that make us work.
Yeah, we're not flawless.
We're a work in progress.
So tell me what flaws you got, too.
Rainbow Dash.
They say I'm a big shot.
That my ego's the size of a whale.
My confidence comes off as cocky.
But it gives me the courage to fail.
Rarity.
Sure, I can be a drama queen.
A bit stuck-up, it's true.
Applejack.
And I can be too eager to please.
There's such thing as bein' too honest, too, 'cause.
Mane Six.
We're not flawless.
We're a work in progress.
We've got dents and we've got quirks.
But it's our flaws that make us work.
Yeah, we're not flawless.
We're a work in progress.
So tell me what flaws you got, too.
Pinkie Pie.
Ponies think I'm all bubbles and laughter.
That I don't seem sincere.
I might joke around a little too much.
But I'm just so happy you're here.
Fluttershy.
It took me a while to be confident.
To really come out of my shell.
Twilight Sparkle.
But nopony has to be perfect.
By now, don't you know us so well? Because, yeah.
Mane Six.
We're not flawless.
We're a work in progress.
We've got dents and we've got quirks.
But it's our flaws that make us work.
Yeah, we're not flawless.
We're a work in progress.
Twilight Sparkle says: "So you see, everypony?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "None of us ever claimed to be perfect."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Without our flaws, there wouldn't be any friendship lessons to learn."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Without our flaws..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "there probably wouldn't be any friendships at all."
Rainbow Dash says: "So that just happened."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Girls!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I found two ponies who have something I think you should hear."
Toola Roola says: "Um, we just wanted to say thank you."
Toola Roola says: "To all of you."
Coconut Cream says: "Yeah, our friendship?"
Coconut Cream says: "Well, we were having trouble until we read your journal."
Coconut Cream says: "It showed us that friends can go through all sorts of tough times and come through stronger than before."
Toola Roola says: "It's made us better friends than we've ever been!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Really?"
Coconut Cream says: "Mm-hmm."
Toola Roola says: "Mm-hmm."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, I can't tell you how much it means to hear that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thank you for telling us."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We've had a tough couple of days, but knowing we've helped fillies like you..."
Applejack says: "It makes everythin' we've been through worth it."
Rarity says: "Absolutely."
Rarity says: "Fads come and go."
Rarity says: "Friendship is forever."
Rainbow Dash says: "There are worse things than not being able to do anything without being told I'm awesome."
Fluttershy says: "And we can't change the way other ponies think about us."
Fluttershy says: "But we can change how we let it affect us."
Pinkie Pie says: "Or how we don't let it affect us!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Go ahead!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Laugh!"
Applejack says: "Reckon we still have to deal with them, don't we?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Stay in the friendship moment, Applejack."
Twilight Sparkle says: "They can wait a little longer."