Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike, wake up."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wake up, wake up, it's Winter Wrap Up day!"
Spike says: "Huh?"
Spike says: "Mommy?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Winter Wrap Up!"
Spike says: "You're not mommy."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike, the first day of spring is tomorrow, so everypony in Ponyville needs to clean up winter."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now help me get ready."
Spike says: "Clean up winter?"
Spike says: "Who cleans up winter?"
Spike says: "Don't they just use magic to change the seasons like they do in Canterlot?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No Spike, Ponyville was started by Earth ponies, so for hundreds of years they've never used magic to clean up winter."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's traditional."
Spike says: "It's ridiculous."
Spike says: "No magic..."
Spike says: "Fuh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, let's see: scarf, check; saddle, check; boots, check; Spike refusing to get up and going back to sleep, check."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's a good thing I'm so organized, I'm ready."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Bright and early."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "maybe a little too early."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Those must be the team vests Rarity designed."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Blue for the weather team, green for the plant team, and tan for the animal team."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I wonder which team vest I'll be wearing."
Spike says: "I'll take a blue vest, same color as my blankie, which I think I hear calling my name."
Spike says: ""Spike!"
Spike says: "Spike!"
Spike says: "Come to bed!"
Spike says: "" Ugh, it's too early."
Mayor Mare says: "Thank you, everypony, for being here bright and early."
Mayor Mare says: "We need every single pony's help to wrap up winter, and bring in spring."
Mayor Mare says: "Now, all of you have your vests, and have been assigned to your teams, so let's do even better than last year, and have the quickest Winter Wrap Up ever!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, this is so exciting."
Mayor Mare says: "All right everypony, find your team leader, and let's get galloping!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh gosh, where should I go?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm not sure where I fit in."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What exactly does everypony do?"
Rainbow Dash.
Three months of winter coolness.
And awesome holidays.
Pinkie Pie.
We've kept our hoofsies warm at home.
Time off from work to play.
Applejack.
But the food we've stored is runnin' out.
And we can't grow in this cold.
Rarity.
And even though I love my boots.
This fashion's getting old.
Twilight Sparkle.
The time has come to welcome spring.
And all things warm and green.
But it's also time to say goodbye.
It's winter we must clean.
How can I help? I'm new, you see.
What does everypony do?
How do I fit in without magic?
I haven't got a clue!
Choir.
Winter Wrap Up! Winter Wrap Up!
Let's finish our holiday cheer.
Winter Wrap Up! Winter Wrap Up!
Applejack.
Rainbow Dash.
Choir.
Rainbow Dash.
Bringing home the southern birds.
A Pegasus' job begins.
And clearing all the gloomy skies.
To let the sunshine in.
We move the clouds.
And we melt the white snow.
Rainbow Dash and Pinkie Pie.
When the sun comes up.
Its warmth and beauty will glow!
Choir.
Winter Wrap Up! Winter Wrap Up!
Let's finish our holiday cheer.
Winter Wrap Up! Winter Wrap Up!
Winter Wrap Up! Winter Wrap Up!
Rarity.
Little critters hibernate.
Under the snow and ice.
Fluttershy.
We wake up all their sleepy heads.
So quietly and nice.
Rarity.
We help them gather up their food.
Fix their homes below.
Fluttershy.
We welcome back the southern birds.
Fluttershy and Rarity.
So their families can grow!
Choir.
Winter Wrap Up! Winter Wrap Up! Rarity Winter, winter.
Let's finish our holiday cheer.
Winter Wrap Up! Winter Wrap Up! Rarity Winter, winter.
Winter Wrap Up! Winter Wrap Up! Rarity Winter, winter.
Applejack.
No easy task to clear the ground.
Plant our tiny seeds.
With proper care and sunshine.
Everyone it feeds.
Apples, carrots, celery stalks.
Colorful flowers too.
We must work so very hard.
Applejack, Cherry Berry, and Golden Harvest.
It's just so much to do!
Choir.
Winter Wrap Up! Winter Wrap Up!
Let's finish our holiday cheer.
Winter Wrap Up! Winter Wrap Up!
Winter Wrap Up! Winter Wrap Up!
Pinkie Pie.
Choir.
Twilight Sparkle.
Now that I know what they all do.
I have to find my place.
And help with all of my heart.
Tough task ahead I face.
How will I do without my magic.
Help the Earth pony way.
I wanna belong so I must.
Do my best today,.
Do my best today!
Choir.
Winter Wrap Up! Winter Wrap Up!
Let's finish our holiday cheer.
Winter Wrap Up! Winter Wrap Up!
Winter Wrap Up! Winter Wrap Up!
Twilight Sparkle.
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everypony belongs to a team."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What should I do?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Where should I go?"
Rainbow Dash says: "All right team, you're clear for takeoff."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow Dash!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh, hey Twilight, what's up?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What are you doing?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Sending off one of my flight crews to retrieve the birds that have flown south for the winter."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, can I help?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "How about if I help clear out the clouds?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Um..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No wings."
Rainbow Dash says: "Sorry, Twilight."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Great, now what do we do?"
Spike says: "I don't know about you, but I'm gonna be nappin'."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come on Spike, this is serious business."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Winter needs to be wrapped up, and I'm determined to do my part."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Somehow."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rarity, please tell me there's something, anything I can help you with."
Rarity says: "Well, how would you like to help create Ponyville's finest birds' nests?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Birds' nests?"
Rarity says: "Why yes."
Rarity says: "When the weather team guides the birds back north for the spring, they'll need a place to live and lay their eggs."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wow, Rarity, that one's really beautiful."
Rarity says: "Oh why, thank you most sincerely."
Rarity says: "Would you like to try your hoof at a nest?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Would I?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Where do I begin?"
Rarity says: "Okay."
Rarity says: "Now..."
Rarity says: "uh, take some of that straw and hay over there, and a little bit of branch."
Rarity says: "Now, weave them through there, yes."
Rarity says: "Uh, take some ribbon, yes, oh uh, n..."
Rarity says: "not there, oooh, yes, uh, tuck it in over there, uh but be careful not to..."
Rarity says: "I don't know I guess that would do..."
Rarity says: "oh dear."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It looks just like..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "yours."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh my."
Spike says: "That nest needs to be condemned."
Rarity says: "Oh, Spa-ha-hike, it's not so bad, ah, maybe birds can use it as a..."
Spike says: "An outhouse?"
Rarity says: "Spike."
Rarity says: "It's just fine."
Rarity says: "It's just a little rough around the edges."
Rarity says: "Let me lend you a hoof."
Rarity says: "Let's just untie this ribbon, and let me take out these sticks here, we'll shave this..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hw..."
Spike says: "I think we lost her."
Rarity says: "Ah, and we need to weave the string..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hellooooooo, Twilight!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Wheeeeeeee!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wow, Pinkie Pie, you're quite the skater."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Probably the best skater I've ever seen."
Pinkie Pie says: "Thanks Twilight, I've been doing this since I was an itty-bitty little-wittle Twinkie-Pinkie."
Pinkie Pie says: "Just comes natural."
Pinkie Pie says: "Which is probably why they designated me the lake scorer."
Pinkie Pie says: "I cut lines in the lakes with my skates."
Pinkie Pie says: "That way, when the rest of the weather team comes here to break the ice, it'll be easy as pie."
Twilight Sparkle says: "How clever."
Twilight Sparkle says: "When the thick ice begins to melt, it'll break along the lines."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, you sure have a lot of work ahead of you, there's quite a few lakes in Ponyville."
Pinkie Pie says: "Ha, tell me about it."
Pinkie Pie says: "Hey, Twilight, wanna help me out?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Would I?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Come on, put on those skates over there."
Pinkie Pie says: "I bet you'll be a natural too."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay."
Pinkie Pie says: "Yaaaaay!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "maybe on second thought."
Spike says: "What are you talking about?"
Spike says: "You said you wanted to be helpful."
Pinkie Pie says: "Yippie!"
Spike says: "Now get out there."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh no, whoa, wow..."
Pinkie Pie says: "Twilight, steer!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Steer!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yaaaaa!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Oh boy..."
Spike says: "Pwuh."
Spike says: "Ha ha, you are a natural, Twilight."
Spike says: "A natural disaster."
Pinkie Pie says: "Twilight, you did a great job your first time around."
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm sure my first time was just as wobbly and bobbly and crasheriffic as yours."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Really?"
Pinkie Pie says: "No."
Pinkie Pie says: "But did I make you feel better?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Mm-hmm, yeah, I guess."
Pinkie Pie says: "I think you'll be super awesome at something that keeps your hooves on the ground."
Pinkie Pie says: "I know, Fluttershy could probably use your help with the critters."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm pretty good with little animals."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yeah, I'll go help her."
Pinkie Pie says: "Uh..."
Pinkie Pie says: "it's, ah, that a-way."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yaaaaaa!"
Fluttershy says: "Wake up, little sleepy heads."
Fluttershy says: "Hope you had some wonderful dreams and restful hibernation, but it's time to get up now, spring is coming."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Awww, how cute."
Fluttershy says: "Aren't they?"
Fluttershy says: "This is my favorite task the whole season, when I get to see all my little animal friends again."
Spike says: "Uh, what's "hibernation"?"
Fluttershy says: "It's like a long sleep."
Spike says: "Long sleep?"
Fluttershy says: "Yes."
Fluttershy says: "Wake up, little porcupines."
Fluttershy says: "Animals often hibernate through the winter to save their energy and eat less food."
Spike says: "I definitely like the idea of hibernation, uh, except for the "eat less food" part."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, would you just look at all these warrens and dens?"
Fluttershy says: "I'm worried that I won't be able to wake up every animal before spring comes."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, I'll help, Fluttershy."
Fluttershy says: "You will?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, that would be wonderful."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay, let's start there."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hello?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wake up little friends, wherever you are."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spring is coming."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I wonder which cute little furry creatures I've awoken."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Waaa!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Snakes!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Snakes!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ugh!"
Fluttershy says: "Good morning, friends."
Twilight Sparkle says: "All this Winter Wrap Up stuff is a lot harder than it looks."
Spike says: "Right, because there's no magic."
Spike says: "Why don't you just use magic, Twilight, and get it done the right way?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No, Spike, I have to do it the traditional way."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ponyville has never needed magic to wrap up winter."
Spike says: "Well, they never had you here before, either."
Spike says: "Think how much quicker they could wrap up winter with your magic."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No, no, no!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm gonna find some other way that I can help out if it kills me."
Applejack says: "Keep pushin', Caramel."
Applejack says: "That's it, Bumpkin."
Applejack says: "I know it's hard work, but you guys are doin' great."
Applejack says: "Yee-haw!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hey, Applejack."
Twilight Sparkle says: "How's everything going?"
Applejack says: "Oh, just dandy."
Applejack says: "A little slow startin', but peachy all the same."
Applejack says: "There's a lot of ground to clear, ya hear?"
Applejack says: "We can't even start the plantin' and the waterin' until we git all these heap a' snow hightailed outta here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, I'd like to help."
Applejack says: "Well, I..."
Applejack says: "I dunno Twilight."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just give me a chance."
Applejack says: "Well, I never turn down a hard worker, but..."
Spike says: "Think of how much quicker they could wrap up winter with your magic."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I could use a come-to-life spell."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Hwww..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Here goes..."
Applejack says: "Hmm."
Applejack says: "She's awful strong for such a little pony."
Spike says: "That's my girl, following my advice."
Applejack says: "And what in tarnation does that mean?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh-oh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Slow down."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Slow down!"
Spike says: "Whoa-oa-oa!"
Applejack says: "Whoa-oa-oa!"
Applejack says: "What's going on?"
Applejack says: "Wha'd'ya do?"
Applejack says: "You used magic, didn't you?"
Applejack says: "Nuts, Twilight, you used magic!"
Spike says: "The nerve!"
Spike says: "Can you believe her?"
Applejack says: "That's not how we do it around here, Twilight, and especially not on my farm!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, see, I just wanted to..."
Spike says: "Come on, Twilight."
Spike says: "Come on out."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm a winter mess up."
Spike says: "Well you're good at a lot of things, just not nest-making, ice-skating, animal-waking, snow-clearing."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thanks a lot for making me feel so much better."
Spike says: "That's what I'm here for, sister."
Applejack says: "Rainbow Dash, y'all on the weather team need to melt the rest of the snow here on the ground and the trees, pronto."
Rainbow Dash says: "Got it."
Fluttershy says: "Wait."
Fluttershy says: "My poor little animals' homes will get flooded if the snow melts too fast."
Rainbow Dash says: "Got it."
Applejack says: "I'm tellin' you, Rainbow, you gotta melt that snow now."
Fluttershy says: "No, you simply must wait."
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay."
Applejack says: "Go."
Fluttershy says: "Stop."
Applejack says: "Go."
Fluttershy says: "Stop."
Applejack says: "GO!"
Fluttershy says: "STOP!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Make up your minds!"
Mayor Mare says: "Oh!"
Mayor Mare says: "What in Equestria are all you arguing about?"
Mayor Mare says: "This sort of silliness is why we were late for spring last year, and the year before that, and the year before that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Did she say late?"
Mayor Mare says: "I was hoping my amazingly inspirational speech would urge everyone to do better than last year, but now it looks like we're going to be later than ever."
Mayor Mare says: "I mean just look at this catastrophe!"
Mayor Mare says: "The ice scorers made the ice chunks too big to melt."
Mayor Mare says: "The nest designer is horrendously behind."
Mayor Mare says: "We need several hundred, and she's only made one!"
Mayor Mare says: "And don't get me started on all the clouds in the sky, the icicles on the trees..."
Mayor Mare says: "this isn't good, not at all!"
Applejack says: "And it's gonna be all to pieces disastrous if we can't get our seeds all planted."
Rainbow Dash says: "Chillax Applejack, we're bustin' our chops as fast as we can."
Fluttershy says: "No, not fast."
Fluttershy says: "We have to wake animals slowly."
Big McIntosh says: "Uh, AJ?"
Applejack says: "Oh good gravy, Caramel lost the grass seeds again, didn't he?"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Rainbowshine says: "Ditzy Doo accidentally went north to get the southern birds!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Oh that featherbrain."
Rainbow Dash says: "Didn't she learn her lesson last year when she went west?"
Mayor Mare says: "Stop this at once."
Mayor Mare says: "We don't have time to argue."
Mayor Mare says: "It's almost sundown."
Mayor Mare says: "Spring is going to be late again."
Mayor Mare says: "Another year of scandal and shame."
Mayor Mare says: "If only we could be more organized."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Get my checklist and clipboard, STAT!"
Spike says: "Eh, yes, ma'am."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Stop, everypony!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Stop!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sorry."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know you all want to complete your jobs on time, but arguing is no way to go about it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What you need is organization, and I'm just the pony for the job."
Winter Wrap Up instrumental.
Mayor Mare says: "I can't believe it."
Mayor Mare says: "Spring is here!"
Mayor Mare says: "On time!"
Mayor Mare says: "And we have you to thank for it."
Mayor Mare says: "If it weren't for your organizing skills we would still be arguing."
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It was a team effort."
Mayor Mare says: "And since you helped every team, we have an official vest for you."
Mayor Mare says: "We give you the title, "All-Team Organizer"."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Gosh, I don't even know what to say."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thank you, everypony."
Mayor Mare says: "And hereby I declare that winter is..."
Mayor Mare says: "wrapped up on time."
Applejack says: "Spike's sure gonna be in for a hog-sized surprised when that last piece a' ice melts."
Winter Wrap Up was one of the most special things I've ever been a part of here in Ponyville. It helped me to learn we all have hidden talents, and if we're patient and diligent, we're sure to find them, and as always, with good friendship and teamwork, ponies can accomplish anything. How's that, Spike? Spike?
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, Spike."