Applejack says: "I know we've had this day marked on the calendar for quite a while, but it's finally here."
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Apple Bloom says: "Sure is."
Granny Smith says: "What?"
Applejack says: "The Confluence."
Applejack says: "A harvest a hundred moons in the makin'."
Applejack says: "When every apple comes ripe at the same time."
Applejack says: "Big Mac's been up late workin' on this schedule so we can be sure not to miss a single tree."
Applejack says: "All it'll take now is a few days o' hard work."
Applejack says: "Who's with me?"
Apple Bloom says: "That looks like a lot of work."
Granny Smith says: "Aw, don't you worry, chick-a-bidee."
Granny Smith says: "We got this Confluence under control."
Granny Smith says: "I got us some help."
Applejack says: "That's great, Granny!"
Applejack says: "Twilight and the others are too busy at the school to lend a hoof."
Applejack says: "We could sure use some more muscle."
Applejack says: "Who'd you get?"
Applejack says: "Braeburn?"
Applejack says: "Honeycrisp?"
Granny Smith says: "Even better."
Goldie Delicious says: "Howdy, y'all!"
Goldie Delicious says: "Mm-hmm."
Goldie Delicious says: "Now, that's how you wake a pony up."
Apple Bloom says: "Goldie Delicious!"
Goldie Delicious says: "Granny told me y'all could use a helpin' hoof with this here Confluence, so I came a-runnin'."
Applejack says: "Well, with a harvest this big, we're grateful for all the help we can get."
Applejack says: "I guess."
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Goldie Delicious says: "It's too bad y'all ain't ever caught the Great Seedling."
Goldie Delicious says: "He'd have granted you a perpetual harvest, Confluence or no."
Applejack says: "The Great Seedlin'?"
Applejack says: "Well now."
Applejack says: "I haven't thought about that old mare's tale for years."
Goldie Delicious says: "The Great Seedlin' ain't no mare's tale!"
Goldie Delicious says: "He's a magical Earth spirit..."
Goldie Delicious says: "All the colors of the harvest that travels from farm to farm daring ponies to catch him."
Goldie Delicious says: "And those that have the ingenuity are rewarded with crops that are always in bloom."
Goldie Delicious says: "And he's as real as you and me!"
Granny Smith says: "As I'm up to recall, Apple Bloom used to love settin' traps for the Great Seedlin' when she was a young'un."
Applejack says: "Well, I'm pretty sure she's outgrown the whole thing by now."
Applejack says: "Right, Apple Bloom?"
Apple Bloom says: "Or maybe I'm big enough now to finally catch him!"
Apple Bloom says: "Who's with me?!"
Apple Bloom says: "!"
Applejack says: "Apple Bloom, you haven't hunted for the Great Seedlin' since you were little."
Applejack says: "Why would you want to start again now?"
Apple Bloom says: "The Confluence is so big!"
Apple Bloom says: "He's bound to show up!"
Apple Bloom says: "And if we catch him, he'll make all the apples ripe all the time!"
Apple Bloom says: "Right, Goldie?"
Goldie Delicious says: "Mm-hmm."
Goldie Delicious says: "That's right, young filly."
Apple Bloom says: "Just imagine."
Apple Bloom says: "Sweet Apple Acres would be the busiest orchard in Equestria!"
Apple Bloom says: "Now, if you'll excuse me, I've got work to do!"
Applejack says: "Don't forget we have actual work to do, too!"
Goldie Delicious says: "Nothin' like a little filly enjoyin' the harvest."
Applejack says: "I don't mind Apple Bloom havin' fun."
Applejack says: "But there's honest-to-goodness work to do that doesn't have a thing to do with an old legend."
Granny Smith says: "Aw, quit worryin', sugar booger."
Granny Smith says: "Apple Bloom can hunt for the Seedlin' all she wants."
Granny Smith says: "If you're so fret-a-fied about work, why don't you and your brother get to buckin' your own selves?"
Applejack says: "Granny's right."
Applejack says: "Come on, sleepyhead."
Applejack says: "Let's get to work."
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup..."
Applejack says: "Hyah!"
Applejack says: "Hwah!"
Granny Smith says: "..."
Granny Smith says: "and if you had two o' them, it would've been a "pair o' pears"!"
Applejack says: "As much as I appreciate her volunteerin', I'm not sure how much help Goldie's gonna be."
Goldie Delicious says: "Oh, now, that reminds me of the time Dottie – that's my cheetah, you understand – she found out where I keep the catnip."
Applejack says: "I love hearin' her and Granny spinnin' yarns, but it looks like the harvestin's up to us."
Applejack says: "You're gonna have to redo that schedule."
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Applejack says: "And as much as I'd rather Apple Bloom were helpin', I guess there's no harm in her huntin' the Great Seedlin' for a day."
Applejack says: "Right?"
Applejack says: "Big Mac!"
Apple Bloom says: "Gotcha!"
Apple Bloom says: "Awww."
Apple Bloom says: "You ain't the Great Seedlin'."
Big McIntosh says: "Nope."
Applejack says: "We fell behind a bit yesterday, so we need everypony at their best."
Goldie Delicious says: "If that's your brother's best, we might be done for."
Goldie Delicious says: "Mm-hmm."
Applejack says: "He was just up late workin' out a new schedule so we can stay on track."
Apple Bloom says: "I didn't sleep either!"
Apple Bloom says: "I was too excited!"
Apple Bloom says: "I can't wait to see if I caught the Great Seedlin'!"
Applejack says: "I hope you're ready to cheer Apple Bloom up when her traps come up empty."
Apple Bloom says: "Everypony!"
Apple Bloom says: "Come quick!"
Apple Bloom says: "You got to see!"
Applejack says: "What in blazes is all the excitement about?"
Apple Bloom says: "Look!"
Apple Bloom says: "The Great Seedlin' did this!"
Apple Bloom says: "Didn't he?!"
Apple Bloom says: "!"
Goldie Delicious says: "Well, braid my mane!"
Goldie Delicious says: "These sure look like Great Seedlin' tracks to me!"
Apple Bloom says: "Ha!"
Apple Bloom says: "I knew it!"
Apple Bloom says: "He was here!"
Apple Bloom says: "The Great Seedlin' was here!"
Apple Bloom says: "Ain't that amazin', Applejack?!"
Apple Bloom says: "!"
Applejack says: "Yeah..."
Applejack says: "Amazin'..."
Apple Bloom says: "Isn't it beautiful?"
Apple Bloom says: "I just can't believe the Great Seedlin' was really here!"
Applejack says: "Neither can I."
Apple Bloom says: "What do you think this means?"
Goldie Delicious says: "Well, it looks to me like a challenge."
Goldie Delicious says: "The Seedling wants you to know that he was here, and he's daring you to catch him."
Goldie Delicious says: "Mm-hmm."
Apple Bloom says: "You think I still have a chance?"
Granny Smith says: "You're an Apple, ain't ya?"
Goldie Delicious says: "Why, if you set enough traps, you're bound to catch him."
Apple Bloom says: "You're right!"
Apple Bloom says: "And that's just what I'm gonna do!"
Apple Bloom says: "Look out, Great Seedlin'!"
Apple Bloom says: "Here I come!"
Applejack says: "Now, why would you go and do a thing like that?"
Goldie Delicious says: "A thing like what?"
Applejack says: "You know what I mean."
Applejack says: "We got enough work to do without you distractin' Apple Bloom by makin' some apple tracks and pretendin' the Great Seedlin' did it."
Goldie Delicious says: "I did no such thing!"
Granny Smith says: "What in the tater tarnation would make you say a thing like that?!"
Granny Smith says: "!"
Applejack says: "Well, somepony did it."
Applejack says: "And she sure seems to be enjoyin' this quite a lot."
Goldie Delicious says: "I'm enjoyin' it because Apple Bloom's enjoyin' it!"
Applejack says: "Uh-huh."
Applejack says: "And I suppose you two didn't do it either?"
Big McIntosh says: "Nnnope."
Granny Smith says: "O' course not."
Granny Smith says: "But I suppose it could've been Goldie's cats!"
Granny Smith says: "Why don't you ask them?"
Goldie Delicious says: "Have you considered that maybe it was the Great Seedlin' after all?"
Applejack says: "Ha-ha."
Applejack says: "Very funny."
Granny Smith says: "I swear, sometimes I think she's part mule."
Applejack says: "Apple Bloom?"
Apple Bloom says: "You know where there's more rope?"
Apple Bloom says: "I've got a lot of traps to make if I'm gonna catch the Great Seedlin'."
Applejack says: "That's what I wanted to talk to you about."
Applejack says: "I know you're excited, but we sure could use your help today."
Applejack says: "Are you sure you want to spend time tryin' to catch somethin' that..."
Applejack says: "might not even be real?"
Apple Bloom says: "What?"
Apple Bloom says: "But the Great Seedlin' is real."
Apple Bloom says: "You saw the tracks."
Apple Bloom says: "You think those appeared all by themselves?"
Applejack says: "I don't know who made the tracks."
Applejack says: "But I don't think it was the Great Seedlin'."
Apple Bloom says: "Why not?"
Applejack says: "Because the Great Seedlin' is just somethin' to make the harvest fun for young'uns."
Applejack says: "And you're old enough now to know that there's a time for fun and there's a time for work."
Apple Bloom says: "But catchin' the Great Seedlin' is helpin'!"
Apple Bloom says: "He can make the trees blossom all the time!"
Applejack says: "All right."
Applejack says: "How about this?"
Applejack says: "If you help me with the harvest today, I'll help you set traps for the Great Seedlin' tonight."
Applejack says: "Deal?"
Apple Bloom says: "Woo-hoo!"
Apple Bloom says: "Yes!"
Apple Bloom says: "It's a deal!"
Applejack says: "Kinda looks like those Seedlin' tracks, huh?"
Apple Bloom says: "Sure."
Apple Bloom says: "If there were hundreds of apples in a bunch of different lines."
Applejack says: "Well, if enough apples fell or got knocked down by the wind maybe."
Applejack says: "Or animals."
Applejack says: "I'm just sayin' there's a lot of possible explanations."
Goldie Delicious says: "And one o' them is the Great Seedlin'!"
Applejack says: "And the rest of 'em ain't!"
Granny Smith says: "That ain't what you thought when you was a foal."
Apple Bloom says: "What does that mean?"
Granny Smith says: "Your sister was plumb loco about catchin' the Great Seedlin' when she was your age."
Granny Smith says: "Same as you are now."
Granny Smith says: "Worse, even."
Goldie Delicious says: "Oh, is that so?"
Goldie Delicious says: "Do tell, Granny."
Granny Smith says: "Well, it must've been the last Conflu-inky, I reckon."
Granny Smith says: "I was supposed to keep an eye on your sister, but..."
Granny Smith says: "..."
Granny Smith says: "she was slipperier than an apple seed."
Granny Smith says: "Applejack!"
Granny Smith says: "Get your flank back here!"
Granny Smith says: "You're supposed to be sortin' in the barn!"
Young Applejack says: "Sorry, Granny!"
Young Applejack says: "I got to check my traps, or the Great Seedlin' might get away!"
Young Applejack says: "Now, where'd I put that trap?"
Young Applejack says: "Whoa!"
Granny Smith says: "Bust my buds."
Granny Smith says: "Where's that young'un get to?"
Applejack says: "And missed out on helpin' with the harvest because I was chasin' somethin' for little foals."
Applejack says: "I felt guilty everypony else had to work harder because of me."
Applejack says: "So I decided right then and there I was too old to waste any more time on Great Seedlin'."
Granny Smith says: "Oh, we finished the harvest just fine."
Granny Smith says: "But we laughed about that story for years!"
Goldie Delicious says: "I'm still laughin'!"
Apple Bloom says: "I'm sorry that happened, Applejack, but it won't if you and me set traps together like you promised."
Apple Bloom says: "Plus, we'll get 'em done twice as fast and won't miss out on any of the harvest!"
Applejack says: "Then let's get to work."
Apple Bloom says: "It sure was fun settin' up all those traps together."
Applejack says: "I forgot what a good time it could be."
Applejack says: "If any two ponies can catch the Great Seedlin', it's us."
Apple Bloom says: "I can't wait to check in the mornin'."
Applejack says: "Now, there's still plenty of harvestin' to do."
Applejack says: "So promise me you'll help, even if all our traps are empty."
Apple Bloom says: "I promise."
Apple Bloom says: "So long as you're ready for the bountiful harvest the Great Seedlin's gonna give us when one of our traps nab him!"
Applejack says: "Deal."
Apple Bloom says: "Come on, Applejack!"
Apple Bloom says: "If we hurry, we can check every trap and still stay on schedule!"
Applejack says: "Now that's what I like to hea—"
Applejack says: "Whoa."
Apple Bloom says: "I don't believe it!"
Goldie Delicious says: "This must've taken all night."
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Apple Bloom says: "Nothin'!"
Applejack says: "Huh?"
Apple Bloom says: "I checked all the traps near the tracks!"
Apple Bloom says: "Every one was sprung, but they're all empty!"
Applejack says: "Every trap sprung?"
Applejack says: "No way critters did this."
Applejack says: "Or the wind."
Applejack says: "I can't believe I'm sayin' this, but..."
Applejack says: "maybe the Great Seedlin' really was here!"
Goldie Delicious says: "So, you're finally ready to admit the Great Seedling might be real?"
Applejack says: "I can't think of anything else that could've laid out these tracks and sprung all our traps."
Apple Bloom says: "And if he left this many tracks behind, he's practically beggin' us to catch him!"
Granny Smith says: "I ain't never seen anything like this before."
Applejack says: "Well, tell us what you have seen!"
Applejack says: "Goldie, you too!"
Applejack says: "We need to know it all if we're really gonna catch him!"
Granny Smith says: "Sure, Goldie and I'll tell you all about the Great Seedling all day."
Granny Smith says: "While we work."
Applejack says: "Work?"
Applejack says: "Apple Bloom and I don't have time to work today!"
Applejack says: "We've got to set up traps in every row!"
Applejack says: "Even the carrots!"
Applejack says: "Just to be sure!"
Apple Bloom says: "Yesterday you said the Great Seedlin' was just somethin' to make the harvest fun for young'uns."
Applejack says: "That was before I thought we could actually catch him!"
Applejack says: "Besides..."
Applejack says: "..."
Applejack says: "Big Mac can make time in the schedule for us to set traps, right?"
Big McIntosh says: "Uh..."
Big McIntosh says: "eeyup?"
Applejack says: "Great!"
Applejack says: "Get to it!"
Applejack says: "Apple Bloom and I are gonna go capture us the Great Seedlin'!"
Applejack says: "Whew!"
Applejack says: "All right!"
Applejack says: "Just one more hill to go!"
Apple Bloom says: "What's wrong, Big Mac?"
Applejack says: "Huh."
Applejack says: "Is this right?"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Applejack says: "But that doesn't make any sense."
Applejack says: "How can all these trees be bare if we haven't bucked 'em yet?"
Goldie Delicious says: "Seems like more work of the Great Seedlin' to me."
Apple Bloom says: "How do you mean?"
Goldie Delicious says: "The closer you get to catchin' the critter, the more mischievous he gets."
Applejack says: "You're sayin' the Great Seedlin' is takin' our apples?"
Granny Smith says: "Yes."
Granny Smith says: "Sounds like he's fixin' to throw you off the scent."
Applejack says: "Have you ever heard of anypony actually catchin' him?"
Goldie Delicious says: "Oh, there are stories."
Goldie Delicious says: "But it's hard to say for sure."
Goldie Delicious says: "He's quite a trickster."
Goldie Delicious says: "Guess that's why the reward is so great if you can trap him."
Applejack says: "Well, his tricks have given me an idea."
Applejack says: "Settin' traps is one thing."
Applejack says: "But I reckon if we keep watch over the trees that haven't been bucked, the Seedlin' won't know what hit him!"
Apple Bloom says: "That's a great idea!"
Apple Bloom says: "Anypony else want to stay up with us?"
Granny Smith says: "Ah, no."
Granny Smith says: "A pony like me needs her beauty rest."
Granny Smith says: "But you young'uns have a good time."
Goldie Delicious says: "My kitties can't sleep unless they're curled up on my haunches."
Goldie Delicious says: "But I can't wait to see the Great Seedlin' with my own eyes once you catch him."
Applejack says: "Guess it's just you and me."
Apple Bloom says: "Too bad nopony else wanted to come out."
Apple Bloom says: "But I'm glad we're doin' this together."
Applejack says: "Me, too."
Applejack says: "It's been a long time since I was on a real Seedlin' hunt."
Applejack says: "And this is the first time doin' it with my little sister."
Apple Bloom says: "When did you start tryin' to catch the Great Seedlin'?"
Applejack says: "I couldn't have been much more than a foal."
Applejack says: "I remember our parents tuckin' Big Mac and me in and tellin' us all about the Great Seedlin'."
Applejack says: "And I got so excited, I could barely sleep."
Applejack says: "So I—"
Applejack says: "Don't you worry, sugarcube."
Applejack says: "I won't let him get away."
Apple Bloom says: "Applejack, wake up!"
Applejack says: "Huh?"
Applejack says: "W-What is it?"
Apple Bloom says: "I think a trap went off!"
Applejack says: "Well, let's go check it out!"
Applejack says: "See anything?"
Apple Bloom says: "Mm-mm."
Applejack says: "Don't scare him off."
Applejack says: "We got to lead him into one of the traps."
Apple Bloom says: "I'm not worried about scarin' him."
Apple Bloom says: "I think the Great Seedlin's huntin' us!"
Applejack says: "Apple Bloom!"
Applejack says: "Wait!"
Applejack says: "Huh?"
Apple Bloom says: "Applejack!"
Applejack says: "Huh?"
Applejack says: "Big Mac?!"
Apple Bloom says: "Big Mac?!"
Applejack says: "!"
Apple Bloom says: "!"
Applejack says: "He's been harvestin' in his sleep this whole time!"
Apple Bloom says: "Big Mac is the Great Seedlin'?!"
Apple Bloom says: "!"
Big McIntosh says: "Aah!"
Applejack says: "Y-You okay, Big Mac?"
Big McIntosh says: "Nnnope."
Applejack says: "..."
Applejack says: "And thanks to all of Big Mac's late-night work, we brought in the whole harvest with time to spare."
Goldie Delicious says: "No wonder you were so tired all the time."
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup."
Apple Bloom says: "I'm glad we solved the mystery, but I really wanted to catch the Great Seedlin' before I get too old to try."
Applejack says: "You know what, sugarcube?"
Applejack says: "You're never too old to be a filly."
Applejack says: "There will always be work to do, but havin' fun together is somethin' you never grow out of."
Goldie Delicious says: "Well, looks like you don't need me anymore."
Goldie Delicious says: "Time to get home before Dottie gets in the catnip again."
Goldie Delicious says: "I have stories about that, I'll tell you what."
Applejack says: "We're real glad you came, Goldie."
Apple Bloom says: "Sure are!"
Apple Bloom says: "Come back next year!"
Goldie Delicious says: "Oh."
Goldie Delicious says: "Looks like you forgot to clean up the carrots."
Applejack says: "Huh."
Applejack says: "Big Mac wasn't harvestin' the carrots."
Applejack says: "Just the apples."
Applejack says: "You know what this means?"
Apple Bloom says: "Time for another hunt!"
Applejack says: "Look out, Great Seedlin'!"
Applejack says: "Here we come!"