Fluttershy says: "Don't worry, Angel, I won't forget you."
Fluttershy says: "There's nothing so peaceful as a cuddly friends picnic."
Rarity says: "Fluttershy!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, goodness, Rarity!"
Fluttershy says: "What's the matter?"
Rarity says: "Oh, the better question would be, "What isn't the matter?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, dear."
Fluttershy says: "Do you wanna have some lettuce and talk about it?"
Rarity says: "Uh..."
Rarity says: "Oh!"
Rarity says: "I would love to, darling, but I just don't have the time."
Rarity says: "The Canterlot Royal Fashion Show is practically upon us, and the cornerstone piece of my collection just isn't working!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, that sounds serious."
Rarity says: "Oh-ho-ho, it's serious."
Rarity says: "The entire collection is designed around it!"
Fluttershy says: "Do you need help knitting?"
Fluttershy says: "I've started making tea cozies."
Fluttershy says: "It's an elephant."
Rarity says: "Yes, well, I don't need help making clothes."
Rarity says: "Sassy Saddles is pitching in."
Rarity says: "Plus, I'll be pulling all three of my Manehattan assistants."
Fluttershy says: "All three?"
Fluttershy says: "Does that mean you'll have to close Rarity For You?"
Rarity says: "That's just it, darling."
Rarity says: "This is Manehattan's busiest shopping season, and I can't just close the shop."
Rarity says: "So I was hoping..."
Rarity says: "you might consider running it?"
Fluttershy says: "Of course."
Fluttershy says: "I'm happy to help."
Fluttershy says: "Though I'm surprised you picked me."
Rarity says: "Well, I may have asked a few others."
Rainbow Dash says: "Sorry, but we've got a Wonderbolts show coming up."
Pinkie Pie says: "Sorry, but it's pie season and the pie orders are piling up."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sorry, I've got a curriculum to make up."
Applejack says: "Nope."
Big McIntosh says: "Nnnope."
Maud Pie says: "My calendar's packed, but I hear Fluttershy's free."
Maud Pie says: "And you haven't asked Boulder."
Rarity says: "Uh..."
Rarity says: "Oh?"
Rarity says: "It doesn't matter who else I asked, because I couldn't be happier that you agreed to help!"
Fluttershy says: "I think I forgot how big this shop was."
Fluttershy says: "How do you find anything?"
Rarity says: "Oh, darling, it's easy to track."
Rarity says: "The store is divided into sections – chic, classic, modern, sophisticated, avant-garde, traditional, and obtuse."
Rarity says: "And, of course, each section is divided by season, color, and price."
Rarity says: "It's a classic SCP system."
Rarity says: "Then it's just a little ringing ponies up..."
Rarity says: "..."
Rarity says: "a little fluff and fold..."
Rarity says: "Voilà!"
Rarity says: "But, of course, that's the easy part."
Fluttershy says: "It is?"
Rarity says: "Mm-hmm."
Rarity says: "As you well know, the real focus at Rarity For You is on the customer!"
Rarity says: "Care to give it a try?"
Fluttershy says: "Um, okay."
Fluttershy says: "Hello."
Fluttershy says: "Um, welcome to Rarity For You."
Fluttershy says: "What can I help you with?"
Pursey Pink says: "I need something classic but modern."
Pursey Pink says: "Something with drama but also understated."
Fluttershy says: "Um, aren't all those things opposites?"
Pursey Pink says: "Yes."
Pursey Pink says: "So?"
Fluttershy says: "But how can I—"
Fluttershy says: "?"
Pursey Pink says: "I'm sorry."
Pursey Pink says: "Are you asking me how to do your job?"
Fluttershy says: "No!"
Fluttershy says: "But I just, um—"
Rarity says: "If I may, I'm thinking noir-esque minimalist but with a twist."
Rarity says: "Perhaps a tapered hem."
Rarity says: "Hmm."
Rarity says: "The inseams say, "Yes!"
Fluttershy says: "Wow."
Fluttershy says: "You make it look so easy."
Rarity says: "Oh, darling, come now."
Rarity says: "You've conquered your shyness a thousand times over."
Rarity says: "You can't let a few fashion ponies undo all that progress."
Fluttershy says: "I guess not."
Rarity says: "You simply must access your inner strength and allow it to shine through!"
Fluttershy says: "How?"
Rarity says: "Uh, daily affirmations?"
Rarity says: "Meditation?"
Rarity says: "Ooh!"
Rarity says: "Power posing works wonders whenever I feel intimidated."
Rarity says: "Try these."
Rarity says: "Confident warrior!"
Rarity says: "Gold medalist!"
Rarity says: "Showpony!"
Rarity says: "Or..."
Rarity says: "not."
Blue Bobbin says: "We need to leave now if we're going to catch the train to Canterlot."
Rarity says: "Oh, goodness, look at the time!"
Rarity says: "Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, go, go!"
Rarity says: "I'm right behind you!"
Fluttershy says: "You're not gonna be here?"
Fluttershy says: "In your work room?"
Rarity says: "But, darling, I simply can't."
Rarity says: "The fashion show is in Canterlot tomorrow, and I'll be up all night, even with the help of all of my assistants!"
Rarity says: "Well, not all my assistants."
Fluttershy says: "Smoky!"
Fluttershy says: "Softpad!"
Fluttershy says: "Smoky Jr."
Fluttershy says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh!"
Rarity says: "Ever since you convinced me to let them live in the shop, these beastie sweeties have been nothing but helpful."
Fluttershy says: "And I'm sure they'll help me let my inner strength shine through!"
Rarity says: "Oh, I wish I could stay and offer more help."
Rarity says: "Why not try a new outfit?"
Rarity says: "Think of it as the costume for your role as..."
Rarity says: "Shop Pony!"
Rarity says: "Ha ha!"
Rarity says: "You know what they say – "clothes make the pony"."
Fluttershy says: "Um, who says that?"
Rarity says: "You know, "them"."
Rarity says: "All right."
Rarity says: "I'm sure you and your furry friends will do just fine."
Rarity says: "Ta-ta!"
Fluttershy says: "I hope she's right."
Fluttershy says: "Whew."
Fluttershy says: "Here goes nothing."
Fluttershy says: "Welcome to Rarity For You."
Fluttershy says: "What can I help you with?"
Bracer Britches says: "What's the thread count of this shirt?"
Bracer Britches says: "I can't be seen in anything less than a thousand."
Fluttershy says: "Um, thread..."
Fluttershy says: "count?"
Fluttershy says: "Um..."
Fluttershy says: "Well, I'm not sure."
Fluttershy says: "Let's see..."
Fluttershy says: "Um, one, two, three, four..."
Fluttershy says: "Um, excuse me for just one second."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I'm afraid I don't know much about fashion to satisfy these customers."
Fluttershy says: "What am I gonna do?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I've never tried to act before, but..."
Fluttershy says: "I suppose it's worth a shot."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, does that sound like a shop pony to you?"
Fluttershy says: "So sorry for the wait."
Fluttershy says: "The shop has some..."
Fluttershy says: "staffing issues today."
Bracer Britches says: "Yes, well, I still haven't had an answer on this thread count."
Fluttershy says: "Here at Rarity For You, our merchandise defies typical attempts to quantify its quality, but rest assured, it will make you the envy of all who see it."
Bracer Britches says: "Oh, in that case, I'll take three!"
Fluttershy says: "Ta-ta!"
Fluttershy says: "I suppose clothes really do make the pony after all."
Luckette says: "I don't know about you, but I have a full day of shopping planned."
Luckette says: "And if even one shop pony isn't up to my standards, well, I shall make my displeasure quite plain."
Strawberry Ice says: "Oh, you are wicked!"
Rarity says: "Canterlot fashion show or no, I simply can't leave Fluttershy to fend for herself with these Manehattanites."
Bracer Britches says: "Rarity?"
Rarity says: "Oh, darling, I'm afraid I can't stop."
Rarity says: "Potential emergency at the boutique."
Bracer Britches says: "Oh, well, whatever it is, I'm quite certain the pony you left in charge can handle it."
Bracer Britches says: "Oh, she's simply divine!"
Rarity says: "Oh, well, I always knew Fluttershy had it in her."
Rarity says: "And there's still time to catch the train to Canterlot!"
Fluttershy says: "It's an unique play on the old standard."
Fluttershy says: "We call it a Rarity cut with a triple-cut stitched hem and a guacamole chevka pattern fabric."
Silver Berry says: "Don't you mean "chevron"?"
Fluttershy says: "If I had meant "chevron", then that's what I would've said."
Silver Berry says: "Of course."
Silver Berry says: "It's so unique!"
Silver Berry says: "So en vogue!"
Silver Berry says: "It must be mine!"
Fluttershy says: "Aw, thanks, everyone."
Fluttershy says: "But I feel I should push the snootiness further."
Fluttershy says: "If you really wanna help, I suppose serving tea would be nice."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, if you don't mind."
Old Money says: "I like my accessories bold and shiny, and I'm just not seeing anything nearly bold and shiny enough."
Fluttershy says: "I'm afraid bold and shiny won't work with your whole..."
Fluttershy says: "modelle."
Fluttershy says: "Perhaps..."
Fluttershy says: "pointy."
Old Money says: "Pointy?"
Old Money says: "Yes!"
Old Money says: "I must have pointy!"
Fluttershy says: "Not everypony can pull off a found object, but you..."
Fluttershy says: "nearly get there."
Valley Trend says: "I need, like, a red carpet glitz-and-glamour gown that's also casual, but, like, still artsy and a total head-turner."
Fluttershy says: "Yes."
Fluttershy says: "Casual chic prêt-à-porter is very branché this season."
Valley Trend says: "Uhhh..."
Valley Trend says: "Like, I don't understand any of that, so, like..."
Valley Trend says: "I don't care about it?"
Fluttershy says: "Um, one moment, please."
Fluttershy says: "Oh, I think I need a new character."
Fluttershy says: "Okay, I've got, like, this high-key savage look for you?"
Fluttershy says: "It's a totally live ensemble with a little, like, thingies that sparkle and make the whole squad go, "Whoa!"
Fluttershy says: "That pony is 'woke'!"
Valley Trend says: "That is, like, exactly what I need!"
"Snow Hope" says: "This store is a desperate wasteland of nothingness."
"Snow Hope" says: "Do you have anything in black?"
Fluttershy says: "Can you, like, chill for one sec?"
Fluttershy says: "BRB."
Fluttershy says: "It's not like the futility of shopping can be made better with black leather and metal studs, but they help."
"Snow Hope" says: "Uh..."
"Snow Hope" says: "."
"Snow Hope" says: "that jacket completes me."
Joan Pommelway says: "This tea's, like, lukewarm."
Joan Pommelway says: "It's barely drinkable."
Fluttershy says: "This tea must always be at a precise temperature!"
Fluttershy says: "See that it doesn't happen again!"
Fluttershy says: "This hemline is nothing short of an inspiration of craftsponyship."
Fluttershy says: "Are you sure you deserve it?"
Fluttershy says: "I don't know what's worse – that you spilled the tea or that it's still cold!"
Fluttershy says: "Either get it right or go back to the forest!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, it is so hard to find good help these days."
Spike says: "Okay!"
Spike says: "Okay!"
Spike says: "Slow down, everyone!"
Spike says: "I'm doing my best!"
Spike says: "So, Rarity is busy at an important fashion show, and Fluttershy is running her shop in Manehattan, but to do it, she's playing different shop pony characters that are all mean?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "How in the world did you figure that out, Spike?"
Spike says: "I'm not Dragon Charades champion for nothin'!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't imagine Fluttershy would ever be mean to her animal friends."
Twilight Sparkle says: "This sounds serious."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike, tell everyone it's time to head back to Saddle Row!"
Fluttershy says: "I would srsly help you right now, but, like, I don't wanna, you know?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You weren't kidding."
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is worse than we thought!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "She's being horrible to everypony!"
Applejack says: "Uh, are you sure that's even Fluttershy?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Maybe it's just three really, really fast ponies that really, really look like her!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, let's find out!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hey, Fluttershy?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Are you running the shop or performing in a one-pony show?"
Fluttershy says: "If you don't mind, I can only improve the taste of one customer at a time."
Fluttershy says: "You'll have to wait your turn."
Fluttershy says: "Ugh, honestly!"
Fluttershy says: "These small town ponies come to the big city and think they can behave any way they please!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You are a small-town pony!"
Rainbow Dash says: "And your cottage isn't even in the town!"
Applejack says: "Look, Fluttershy, we came here because we were worried and we care about you."
Fluttershy says: "Let's get out of this aura of positivity before it consumes us."
Pinkie Pie says: "As fun as this Fluttershy switcheroo game is, Smoky, Smoky Jr."
Pinkie Pie says: ", and Softpad are really concerned."
Spike says: "Yeah!"
Spike says: "They came all the way to Ponyville to get us."
Fluttershy says: "They should have, like, stayed there?"
Fluttershy says: "The shop is, like, a no-rodent zone now."
Pinkie Pie says: "She called them "rodents"?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fluttershy, I understand why you think you have to act this way for these customers, but there's gotta be a better way."
Fluttershy says: "Goodness!"
Fluttershy says: "You are so right."
Fluttershy says: "Please, step this way so that we may discuss your concerns."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I knew you'd come to your senses!"
Fluttershy says: "Indeed."
Rarity says: "Ugh, the centerpiece of my collection, and it's still not right!"
Rarity says: "Oh, darling, I'm afraid we've literally run out of time."
Rarity says: "It's up to you!"
Rarity says: "Go out there and sell it!"
Rarity says: "Now, attitude!"
Rarity says: "I don't understand."
Rarity says: "When I left Fluttershy, she had everything well in hoof."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, things might have seemed all right when you left, but they're definitely not all right now."
Applejack says: "She's actin' worse than the worst Manehattanite I ever saw!"
Rainbow Dash says: "She kicked us out of the shop!"
Pinkie Pie says: "She called Smoky, Smoky Jr."
Pinkie Pie says: ", and Softpad..."
Pinkie Pie says: ""rodents"!"
Rarity says: "Wh-wh-wha..."
Rarity says: "Rodents?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "Well, why didn't you say that from the start?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "She obviously needs help!"
Rarity says: "Come on!"
Fluttershy says: "Your melancholy is way too shallow for a look with this much unfeeling depth."
"Snow Hope" says: "Huh."
Fluttershy says: "Ugh!"
Fluttershy says: "Your style isn't even on the same page?"
Fluttershy says: "Turn away."
Fluttershy says: "Don't even look at it, okay?"
Valley Trend says: "I can't even!"
Fluttershy says: "I think not, dear!"
Fluttershy says: "This is all far too fashion forward for the likes of you!"
Bracer Britches says: "Ugh!"
Bracer Britches says: "Well, I never!"
Applejack says: "Told ya it was bad."
Rarity says: "Bad?"
Rarity says: "This is worse than I could've possibly imagined!"
Fluttershy says: "Finally, a pony who understands that the couture in this shop is far too brilliant to even consider selling!"
Rarity says: "Whaaat?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "And you'll be pleased to hear that I've taken care of your rodent situation."
Pinkie Pie says: "Will somebody tell her to stop saying that?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Rarity says: "That's it!"
Rarity says: "Fluttershy, I'm afraid you've left me no choice!"
Rarity says: "You are terminated!"
Fluttershy says: "Well!"
Fluttershy says: "Good luck replacing me!"
Fluttershy says: "Humph!"
Fluttershy says: "I always thought she was too controlling."
Rarity says: "You—"
Rarity says: "you—"
Rarity says: "you are terminated, too!"
Fluttershy says: "Whatever."
Rarity says: "Now, I—"
Fluttershy says: "I know, right?"
Fluttershy says: "I mean, uh, ugh?"
Rarity says: "Actually, you're, like, totally terminated as well!"
Fluttershy says: "Like, okay."
Fluttershy says: "I guess I owe everypony an apology."
Rarity says: "You think?"
Fluttershy says: "I got so caught up trying to please all of your customers that—"
Rainbow Dash says: "What customers?"
Fluttershy says: "I might have taken my salespony characters a little too far."
Fluttershy says: "I'm sorry if I hurt your feelings."
Fluttershy says: "You know I was only pretending, right?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But, Fluttershy, why did you think you needed to be somepony else to run the shop?"
Fluttershy says: "I guess acting like the ponies of Saddle Row gave me the confidence to interact with them."
Rarity says: "Darling, I'd never trust some horrible Saddle Row pony to run my shop."
Rarity says: "That's why I wanted a friend to do it."
Fluttershy says: "Well, I'd definitely rather be myself anyway, even if I don't exactly have what it takes to be a shop pony."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I wouldn't sell yourself short."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Those salespony characters all came from you!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I think you totally have what it takes."
Pinkie Pie says: "Maybe a little too much."
Rarity says: "Indeed."
Rarity says: "You have all the inner strength you need, but I think we prefer it coming from our sweet, regular Fluttershy."
Rarity says: "And that's just given me the inspiration I'm looking for!"
Rarity says: "And last one..."
Rarity says: "There!"
Rarity says: "The missing piece for my new collection – the Warrior of Inner Strength!"
Pony says: "Oh, gorgeous!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, it's lovely, Rarity!"
Fluttershy says: "I'm just sorry you had to leave the Canterlot Royal Fashion Show early."
Rarity says: "Oh, darling, making the perfect dress is scads more satisfying than showing it off."
Blueberry Curls says: "Ooh, striking dress, Rarity."
Blueberry Curls says: "I certainly hope you aren't trying to undercut the Royal Fashion Show by ducking out and debuting it here."
Rarity says: "What?"
Rarity says: "No, I—"
Fluttershy says: "Have you considered the possibility that the Royal Fashion Show is trying to undercut Rarity's by continuing on in Canterlot and not moving the whole affair here?!"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "Hmm?!"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "Have you?!"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "Hmmm?!"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Blueberry Curls says: "I, uh..."
Blueberry Curls says: "No."
Fluttershy says: "Hmph!"
Fluttershy says: "Just as I thought!"
Fluttershy says: "Hmmm!"
Fluttershy says: "Inner strength."