Daring Do says: "Whoa!"
Daring Do says: "Oof!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, don't stop there!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You read, I pack!"
Rainbow Dash says: "That's the deal!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm sorry, Rainbow Dash."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I just keep thinking about how much fun you're gonna have at the Daring Do convention."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I wish Princess Celestia didn't need my help with the friendship summit in Griffonstone."
Rainbow Dash says: "Don't worry."
Rainbow Dash says: "I'll make sure A."
Rainbow Dash says: "K."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yearling signs your book."
Rainbow Dash says: "I can't believe she's gonna be there!"
Rainbow Dash says: "She never goes to conventions!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Which, I guess, will be cool for all those other fanponies."
Rainbow Dash says: "But since you and I know A."
Rainbow Dash says: "K."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yearling personally,  it's no big deal."
Rainbow Dash says: "This convention will be fun, but it's nothing to get too excited about."
Rainbow Dash says: "So excited!"
Daring Do leitmotif plays.
Salespony says: "You look like a pony who'd be up for an all-inclusive one-of-a-kind adventu-cation, where you can get to live the Daring Do experience!"
Rainbow Dash says: "No thanks."
Rainbow Dash says: "Did that already."
Rainbow Dash says: "Ahhh."
Rainbow Dash says: "This is the..."
Rainbow Dash says: "..."
Quibble Pants says: "..."
Rainbow Dash says: "awesomest thing ever!"
Quibble Pants says: "awesomest thing ever!"
Quibble Pants says: "Now this is something that only a true fan can appreciate."
Rainbow Dash says: "They even put the tiles in the right order."
Quibble Pants says: "Huh."
Quibble Pants says: "Good catch."
Quibble Pants says: "Oh, I'm Quibble Pants."
Quibble Pants says: "Nice to meet you."
Rainbow Dash says: "Rainbow Dash."
Rainbow Dash says: "Nice costume."
Quibble Pants says: "You, too."
Rainbow Dash says: "Thanks."
Rainbow Dash says: "The hard part was figuring out the right..."
Rainbow Dash says: "..."
Quibble Pants says: "..."
Rainbow Dash says: "number of arrow holes."
Quibble Pants says: "number of arrow holes."
Quibble Pants says: "B-B-Because on page 84 of Sapphire Stone, i-it describes her dodging a, quote, "score of arrows shooting forth from holes in the very walls," unquote, but then on page 107, Daring Do says she, quote, "barely made it past the traps' barrage of arrows," unquote, but clearly, Daring Do is embellishing and the correct number of arrows is..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Twenty!"
Quibble Pants says: "Twenty!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I am so glad I ran into you."
Rainbow Dash says: "Even though I knew the convention would be totally awesome, it's more fun when you're with someone who really knows Daring Do."
Quibble Pants says: "I know what you mean."
Quibble Pants says: "It's so hard to find a pony who really gets it."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hm."
Rainbow Dash says: "That's weird."
Rainbow Dash says: "We've only done stuff from the first trilogy."
Rainbow Dash says: "After lunch, we should probably start working our way back through the other books."
Quibble Pants says: "Whoa, whoa, whoa."
Quibble Pants says: "There are no other books."
Rainbow Dash says: "Of course there are."
Rainbow Dash says: "Daring Do and the Trek of the Terrifying Towers, Daring Do and the Many Faces of—"
Quibble Pants says: "Uh, p-please, please don't."
Quibble Pants says: "Just don't even mention the titles."
Quibble Pants says: "I-I'm not saying those books don't exist."
Quibble Pants says: "I'm saying that I refuse to acknowledge them."
Rainbow Dash says: "Why?"
Quibble Pants says: "'Cause they're horrible!"
Quibble Pants says: "I mean, there isn't a single thing after Ring of Destiny that is even remotely in the realm of the possible!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I know for a fact that everything in every one of those books is one hundred percent possible!"
Quibble Pants says: "Uh, and how could you possibly know that?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Gyuh, uh, I just..."
Rainbow Dash says: "do!"
Quibble Pants says: "Well, that's a compelling argument."
Rainbow Dash says: "Why would you even come to this convention if you hate Daring Do so much?"
Quibble Pants says: "I don't hate Daring Do."
Quibble Pants says: "The first series was smart and cool and an amazing nod to old-time serialized adventure books, that somehow manages to be self-reflective and ironic while at the same time celebrating the art form without a hint of cynicism."
Quibble Pants says: "Which is why I came here to ask A."
Quibble Pants says: "K."
Quibble Pants says: "Yearling muzzle-to-muzzle why she sold out and dumbed down the rest of her books into just a series of impossible action sequences!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay, now I know you're crazy."
Rainbow Dash says: "A."
Rainbow Dash says: "K."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yearling is awesome, and every Daring Do book that comes out is better than the last!"
Quibble Pants says: "Wha..."
Quibble Pants says: "Wow."
Quibble Pants says: "Okay, yeah, I-I-I'm sorry, but I could never be friends with somepony who's willing to believe impossible stuff is possible as long as Daring Do does it."
Rainbow Dash says: "That's okay, because I could never be friends with somepony who's so focused on things being possible that he's willing to turn his back on the coolest hero of all time!"
Quibble Pants says: "Fine!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Fine!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Look, just tell A."
Rainbow Dash says: "K."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yearling that Rainbow Dash is here, and I need her help to convince a know-it-all pony that everything Daring Do's ever done actually happened!"
A. K. Yearling says: "Rainbow Dash?"
Rainbow Dash says: "A."
Rainbow Dash says: "K."
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I gotta talk to you."
Rainbow Dash says: "It's an emergency!"
A. K. Yearling says: "Not here!"
A. K. Yearling says: "Now tell me, what's going on?"
A. K. Yearling says: "Is it Caballeron?"
A. K. Yearling says: "Did you see him?"
Rainbow Dash says: "What?"
Rainbow Dash says: "No."
Rainbow Dash says: "But there is a pony downstairs who thinks everything you've written after the first trilogy is totally unrealistic and terrible."
Rainbow Dash says: "And I need you to help me prove to him that it's all totally possible."
A. K. Yearling says: "I've got bigger problems on my hooves than dissatisfied fanponies."
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa!"
A. K. Yearling says: "The Amulet of Culiacan, and Caballeron wants it."
A. K. Yearling says: "But the amulet's only a key."
A. K. Yearling says: "The real treasure is hidden in a lost temple."
A. K. Yearling says: "The Seven-Sided Chest of Chicomoztoc."
A. K. Yearling says: "Caballeron wants to sell it to the highest bidder, of course, which is why I need to find it first."
Rainbow Dash says: "Yes!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Sounds like another awesome Daring Do adventure!"
Rainbow Dash says: "But..."
Rainbow Dash says: "what are you doing here?"
A. K. Yearling says: "Since I haven't found the temple yet, it's the safest place for me and the amulet."
A. K. Yearling says: "It's crawling with security, and if I get into trouble..."
Daring Do says: "..."
Daring Do says: "I can just blend in with all the Daring Do cosplayers."
Rainbow Dash says: "How can I help?"
Daring Do says: "Just keep your eyes out for anything suspicious."
Rainbow Dash says: "Got it!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Does a pony who only likes your first trilogy qualify as suspicious?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Heh, just checking."
Dr. Caballeron says: "I mean, where is the booth for Caballeron?"
Dr. Caballeron says: "I do not see the likeness."
Dr. Caballeron says: "Come, let us find Daring Do and the Amulet of Culiacan."
Dr. Caballeron says: "I don't want to spend any more time in this place than I have to!"
Quibble Pants says: "Well, if it isn't the pony who know impossible things can happen because she just does!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Sorry, Quibble, I've got more important things to do than argue with a pony who thinks awesome means unrealistic."
Quibble Pants says: "No, wait!"
Quibble Pants says: "I want to hear more about how you're one hundred percent sure that in Curse of the Jungle Queen, Daring Do could survive a sixty-story drop from the top of a waterfall after sustaining a broken wing in a category-six rapid!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Obviously, her wing wasn't broke—"
Rainbow Dash says: "Caballeron!"
Quibble Pants says: "See, now that's a great character."
Quibble Pants says: "Solid backstory, good motivations..."
Rainbow Dash says: "No-no-no-no!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Caballeron is right there!"
Quibble Pants says: "Of course he is."
Quibble Pants says: "He's also over there, over there..."
Quibble Pants says: "Ooh, ooh, over there, and and over there."
Quibble Pants says: "Where are you going?"
Quibble Pants says: "And we're out here because..."
Quibble Pants says: "?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Daring Do told me that Caballeron came to this convention to steal the Amulet of Culiacan, and I just saw him and his henchponies come this way!"
Quibble Pants says: "Okay."
Quibble Pants says: "I'm gonna head back inside."
Quibble Pants says: "There's just a little too much crazy out here for the both of us."
Dr. Caballeron says: "I do not know what Daring Do is playing at, but if she told you two fanponies of my plan to steal the amulet, you must work for her."
Rainbow Dash says: "Caballeron!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Hah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "What do you have to say now, Quibble?"
Quibble Pants says: "This was your plan to prove the Daring Do books are realistic?"
Quibble Pants says: "You bought a Daring Do Experience Adventu-cation, really?"
Rainbow Dash says: "What?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "No!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Look around us!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Henchponies, Caballeron, the jungle it took forever to get to?"
Rainbow Dash says: "This is the real deal!"
Quibble Pants says: "Right."
Quibble Pants says: "We're actually being held captive by Caballeron."
Quibble Pants says: "Please!"
Quibble Pants says: "This guy's accent is all over the place!"
Quibble Pants says: "No offense."
Dr. Caballeron says: "I..."
Quibble Pants says: "So what's the setup here?"
Quibble Pants says: "You've..."
Quibble Pants says: "kidnapped us, and taken us to the middle of nowhere because..."
Quibble Pants says: "?"
Dr. Caballeron says: "The Temple of Chicomoztoc is somewhere in this jungle."
Dr. Caballeron says: "When I find it, the Seven-Sided Chest is as good as mine!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "I just need the Amulet of Culiacan to unlock it."
Quibble Pants says: "Uh-huh, and Daring Do has the amulet so you came up with this over-complicated plot to lure her into the jungle and exchange it for us."
Dr. Caballeron says: "I wouldn't call it over-complicated, but..."
Dr. Caballeron says: "yes."
Quibble Pants says: "Okay, we're done here."
Quibble Pants says: "Great work."
Quibble Pants says: "Seriously, very believable."
Quibble Pants says: "Listen, pal, you can keep her money, but I'm not—"
Dr. Caballeron says: "Going anywhere!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "You may not approve of my plan, but I'm the mastermind here!"
Quibble Pants says: "Debatable..."
Dr. Caballeron says: "And I say you will remain here until Daring Do comes to rescue you."
Dr. Caballeron says: "And if she wants you back in one piece, she will give me the amulet!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "Tie them up!"
Rainbow Dash says: "The Griffon's Lock!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "You know of it?"
Dr. Caballeron says: "Further proof that you are an agent of Daring Do!"
Quibble Pants says: "Or an avid reader."
Dr. Caballeron says: "And now I will continue my search for the temple."
Dr. Caballeron says: "Don't go anywhere."
Quibble Pants says: "Listen, if I pretend to believe this nonsense is real, will you call off the henchpony repertory theater over there?"
Rainbow Dash says: "They're not gonna listen to me."
Rainbow Dash says: "They abducted us both."
Quibble Pants says: "Oh, wow, so you're gonna stick with that script?"
Quibble Pants says: "O-Okay, fine."
Quibble Pants says: "We're, we're in a Daring Do Adventure."
"Pickpocket" says: "What was that?!"
"Pickpocket" says: "!"
Quibble Pants says: "Daring Do."
Quibble Pants says: "Thank goodness."
Quibble Pants says: "We're over here."
"Pickpocket" says: "Fan out!"
"Pickpocket" says: "We can't let Daring Do rescue these two!"
Quibble Pants says: "All four?!"
Quibble Pants says: "!"
Quibble Pants says: "I mean, shouldn't at least one of them stay behind to guard us?"
Quibble Pants says: "Oh, oh, wait, the..."
Quibble Pants says: "No, because then it wouldn't be a terrible Daring Do adventure."
Rainbow Dash says: "It doesn't matter."
Rainbow Dash says: "We'll never solve the Griffon's Lock before they get back."
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay, that was pretty good."
Rainbow Dash says: "Quick, we've gotta get out of here and warn Daring Do!"
Quibble Pants says: "No way."
Quibble Pants says: "Just point me to the hotel and you can play fanpony and hunt treasure out here all day long."
Rainbow Dash says: "Fine."
Rainbow Dash says: "Let's just say this is a Daring Do Adventucation."
Rainbow Dash says: "The only way to get back to the convention is to go through it."
Rainbow Dash says: "So just follow me, and I'll lead you out."
Rainbow Dash says: "Deal?"
Quibble Pants says: "I..."
Quibble Pants says: "Fine."
Rainbow Dash says: "Maybe if I just leave you in the jungle, it'll convince you."
Quibble Pants says: "..."
Quibble Pants says: "which would make Daring Do left-hoofed, which we know is false, and that is everything that's wrong with Daring Do and the Trek to the Terrifying Tower."
Quibble Pants says: "Now, the problems with the next book are even—"
Quibble Pants says: "Oh, right."
Quibble Pants says: "What Daring Do adventure would be complete without the precarious rope bridge?"
Quibble Pants says: "Look, I'm all for making things feel as real as possible, but are these Adventu-cation ponies sure this thing is safe?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Is it too "realistic" for you?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Wouldn't want that on a Daring Do adventure, would we?"
Quibble Pants says: "If this were really a real Daring Do adventure, I'm sure I'd step on the wrong plank at exactly the wrong—"
Quibble Pants says: "Whoa!"
Quibble Pants says: "Good thing this is all just a pretend adventure."
Quibble Pants says: "Least we know all of this struggling won't make the bridge fall apart."
Quibble Pants says: "You need to get your money back."
Rainbow Dash says: "Hah!"
Rainbow Dash says: "How's that for not possible?"
Quibble Pants says: "That was..."
Quibble Pants says: "awesome!"
Quibble Pants says: "I-I-I thought we..."
Quibble Pants says: "and then you, and the flying..."
Quibble Pants says: "!"
Quibble Pants says: "Wow, and I was like, "Where are you going?!"
Quibble Pants says: "!"
Quibble Pants says: "" A-a-and then you swerved, and I was, I was, I was on the water, and then  Wow!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah."
Rainbow Dash says: "If you read that in a book, you might even think it was unrealistic."
Quibble Pants says: "Okay, I'll give you that one."
Quibble Pants says: "I mean we could have been done for."
Quibble Pants says: "We could have been done for!"
Quibble Pants says: "W-What kind of Adventu-cation is this?!"
Quibble Pants says: "!"
Quibble Pants says: "I mean, that's just, that's just bad business!"
Quibble Pants says: "What, what are these ponies thinking?!"
Quibble Pants says: "!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "Right now?"
Dr. Caballeron says: "We are thinking that we should thank you for escaping."
Dr. Caballeron says: "For you have led us directly to the Lost Temple of Chicomoztoc!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "Make sure they are secure this time!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "We can't have them escaping again."
Rainbow Dash says: "You'll never get away with this!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "Won't I?"
Dr. Caballeron says: "You've led me to the temple, and Daring Do is too noble to let harm befall her companions, so the amulet is as good as mine."
Dr. Caballeron says: "What?"
Dr. Caballeron says: "No witty remarks this time about how silly my plan is?"
Quibble Pants says: "This isn't the official Daring Do Experience Adventu-cation, is it."
Rainbow Dash says: "Finally!"
Quibble Pants says: "It's some cheap knockoff run by a bunch of incompetent ponies that have no idea how to execute this adventure with any level of safety!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Ugh!"
Quibble Pants says: "What was that with the bridge?!"
Quibble Pants says: "!"
Quibble Pants says: "We were in serious danger!"
Quibble Pants says: "I-I'm reporting you all to..."
Quibble Pants says: "well, I don't know who I'm reporting you to, but it's gonna be somepony important!"
Quibble Pants says: "Oh, and this cut-rate excuse for an "Experience" hasn't proved anything except that I'm right!"
Quibble Pants says: "It has all the hallmarks of a lame Daring Do adventure!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Quibble?"
Quibble Pants says: "No, I'm talking!"
Quibble Pants says: "Generic jungle location – check."
Quibble Pants says: "Overly complicated villain plot – check."
Quibble Pants says: "Random coincidences that conveniently get us to the next big set piece – check!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "Watch where you are stepping, you fool!"
Quibble Pants says: "Listen, buddy, I don't take orders from some second-rate performer who learned acting from the Supervillain School of Bad Accents!"
Quibble Pants says: "The only thing this mess is missing is some giant Ahuizotl wannabe monster, and I have a feeling that would be a bit too much for you bargain-basement adventurers to pull off!"
Quibble Pants says: "Huh?"
Quibble Pants says: "Um..."
Quibble Pants says: "you're real."
Quibble Pants says: "This is real."
Quibble Pants says: "This is real!"
Daring Do leitmotif plays.
Daring Do says: "I told you to warn me of anything suspicious, not run off on an adventure without me!"
Quibble Pants says: "Wha..."
Quibble Pants says: "Whoa, whoa, y-you're real!"
Quibble Pants says: "You-you-you're friends with her?"
Daring Do says: "Uh, we'll have to do introductions later."
Daring Do says: "Right now we have to—"
Quibble Pants says: "G-Get out of here, yes!"
Quibble Pants says: "Thank you!"
Daring Do says: "Actually, no."
Quibble Pants says: "What?!"
Quibble Pants says: "!"
Daring Do says: "We can't leave without the treasure."
Daring Do says: "And we should probably get to it before our friend gets any higher."
Rainbow Dash says: "Whoa!"
Daring Do says: "Seven doors, seven locks."
Daring Do says: "One of them leads to the treasure."
Daring Do says: "I'd rather not think about what the others lead to."
Quibble Pants says: "Yeah, yeah, the classic "Pony and the Tiger" bit."
Quibble Pants says: "All you have to do is—"
Rainbow Dash says: "Um, maybe you should let Daring Do figure it out?"
Quibble Pants says: "Oh, 'scuse me."
Quibble Pants says: "Not that one."
Quibble Pants says: "Ehhhhh..."
Daring Do says: "Is he always like this?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Yeah."
Rainbow Dash says: "But..."
Rainbow Dash says: "he's usually right."
Daring Do says: "Which lock do you think it is?"
Quibble Pants says: "Ugh, finally."
Quibble Pants says: "Look, each door has another door that matches."
Quibble Pants says: "These two both have Earth ponies fighting serpents."
Quibble Pants says: "These two have Pegasi fighting griffons."
Quibble Pants says: "These two have unicorns fighting bears."
Quibble Pants says: "But this one..."
Daring Do says: "..."
Daring Do says: "has an Alicorn on it!"
Daring Do says: "It's the only one without a match!"
Daring Do says: "How did I miss that?"
Quibble Pants says: "I've been asking myself that ever since book four!"
Quibble Pants says: "The Seven-Sided Chest of Chicomoztoc!"
Quibble Pants says: "Uh, guys..."
Quibble Pants says: "?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "The way out is totally covered!"
Rainbow Dash says: "How are we gonna get out of here?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Daring Do says: "There!"
Quibble Pants says: "Seriously, do you ever not escape out of the top of a temple?!"
Quibble Pants says: "!"
Daring Do says: "We'll have to carry Mr."
Daring Do says: "Adventure Critic out with us!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We won't be fast enough!"
Rainbow Dash says: "We'll never make it!"
Quibble Pants says: "Guys!"
Quibble Pants says: "I think Rainbow Dash and I have this covered."
Quibble Pants says: "Go around!"
Quibble Pants says: "You can't go over him!"
Daring Do says: "Go over him?!"
Daring Do says: "!"
Daring Do says: "Are you crazy?!"
Daring Do says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "If Quibble says go over him, we go over him!"
Quibble Pants says: "You two are insane!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You said go over him!"
Quibble Pants says: "I said go around him!"
Daring Do says: "And I said be quiet!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "This way!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "I heard them!"
Quibble Pants says: "Okay, I got it."
Quibble Pants says: "Let's create a fake treasure out of mud and rocks, give that to Caballeron, and then we—"
Daring Do says: "Not every Daring Do plan has to be super-complicated."
Dr. Caballeron says: "Rrrgh!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "I swear I heard them!"
Dr. Caballeron says: "I'll get you, Daring Dooooo!"
Quibble Pants says: "Meh."
Quibble Pants says: "Not particularly original or inspired, but it worked."
Daring Do says: "Who were you again?"
Rainbow Dash says: "He's a fan."
Daring Do says: "There's some stairs on the other side of the temple that lead out of the ravine."
Daring Do says: "I suggest you two take them and head west."
Rainbow Dash says: "What about you?"
Daring Do says: "I've gotta get this to a museum."
Daring Do says: "Thanks for your help."
Daring Do says: "I couldn't have done it without you."
Daring Do says: "Both of you."
Rainbow Dash says: "So..."
Rainbow Dash says: "?"
Quibble Pants says: "So..."
Quibble Pants says: "maybe the later books are slightly more realistic than I gave them credit for."
Quibble Pants says: "Still don't like them."
Rainbow Dash says: "What?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Rainbow Dash says: "How can you—"
Rainbow Dash says: "?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Quibble Pants says: "Wait, hold on."
Quibble Pants says: "Before we get in another fight, I-I think I finally figured it out!"
Quibble Pants says: "I love the Daring Do that solves puzzles and uses her brain to get out of tough situations, and she did way more of that in the original trilogy!"
Quibble Pants says: "You love the Daring Do that is brave and awesome and comes out on top no matter what the odds!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Okay..."
Rainbow Dash says: "?"
Quibble Pants says: "And that's okay!"
Quibble Pants says: "We might never agree on what makes Daring Do cool, but you..."
Quibble Pants says: "are definitely cool."
Quibble Pants says: "I-I mean, the way you saved me on the bridge?"
Quibble Pants says: "Wow!"
Quibble Pants says: "And escaping from the temple..."
Quibble Pants says: "you, Rainbow Dash, are awesome."
Rainbow Dash says: "Well..."
Rainbow Dash says: "I-I'm not the one who can locate a treasure in half the time Daring Do can!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You may have terrible taste in books, but you're pretty awesome yourself."
Rainbow Dash says: "In a brainy, egghead, puzzle-solving kind of way."
Rainbow Dash says: "Heh."
Quibble Pants says: "I guess we don't have to agree on everything to get along."
Quibble Pants says: "Friends?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Definitely friends."
Quibble Pants says: "Uh, do you think A."
Quibble Pants says: "K."
Quibble Pants says: "Yearling would consider letting me write the next book?"
Quibble Pants says: "I..."
Quibble Pants says: "I think I can make things way clearer."
Quibble Pants says: "I mean, for instance, in the second adventure..."
Quibble continues talking over credits.
Quibble Pants says: "..."
Quibble Pants says: "there's a side character."
Quibble Pants says: "I don't want to kind of name it right now, because it's sort of this thing that I've already written a lot of fan fiction on."
Quibble Pants says: "I don't want you to..."
Quibble Pants says: "Not that I'm saying that you would steal it!"
Quibble Pants says: "But I am saying this would totally go along my whole thing about puzzle-solving, except what if each puzzle that was solved, uh, unlocked a new karate move?"
Quibble Pants says: "Think of it that way, right?"
Quibble Pants says: "And I mean I'm kind of a "Yearlite" myself, so I'm sure she'd be open to—"
Rainbow Dash says: "Uh..."
Rainbow Dash says: "Quibble?"
Quibble Pants says: "Sorry!"