Spike says: "Whoa!"
Spike says: "Twilight, mail's here!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Are you all right?"
Derpy says: "We just had a really heavy delivery today."
Spike says: "Is it a deluxe set of special edition Ogres & Oubliettes figurines that I'm totally surprised by and have been hinting that I need forever?"
Derpy says: "Well, it's for Twilight."
Spike says: "Awww..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thank you."
Derpy says: "You're welcome!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Huh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's from Princess Celestia."
Spike says: "So is this."
Spike says: "Really?"
Spike says: "She couldn't have put it into the box?"
Twilight Sparkle says: ""My dearest Twilight, I have been conducting a thorough cleaning of the castle, and I came across a few items of yours in your old room."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I thought you might want them back."
Twilight Sparkle says: "" I didn't even know I'd left anything!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Awww, look!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Remember this?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's the macaroni picture frame Cadance helped me make when I was a filly!"
Spike says: "Who could forget a masterpiece like that?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "My G1 Star Swirl figure!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And some of my favorite school scrolls!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And here's my extra extra credit report on "The Impediments of Using Magic in Everyday Chores"!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ha!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Still so true!"
Spike says: "Is my Smash Fortune comic in there?"
Spike says: "I've been looking for that for years."
Spike says: "Whoa, whoa!"
Spike says: "Or this."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, no!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, no!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, no!"
Spike says: "What's wrong?"
Spike says: "It just looks like an old library book."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Exactly!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It belongs to the Canterlot Library!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That means it's..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "overdue!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You don't understand, Spike!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I have a perfect library book return record!"
Spike says: "Had a perfect record."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've never turned in a book even a minute late!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And this one has been overdue since I left for Ponyville!"
Dusty Pages says: "Make sure you bring this one back on time."
Dusty Pages says: "We've got a long waiting list of ponies who can't wait to read it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I promise I won't let you down!"
Dusty Pages says: "Oh, of course, you won't, dear."
Dusty Pages says: "If there's anypony I can trust to take care of a book, it's you, Twilight Sparkle."
Dusty Pages says: "After all, you still hold the "Best Book Borrower" title."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oooh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I hope I do forever!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spi-ike!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Quick, find me that old copy of Predictions and Prophecies."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What's that for?"
Spike says: "Well, it was a gift for Moon Dancer, but..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, Spike, you know we don't have time for that sort of thing."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And then Celestia sent me to Ponyville, and I forgot all about this!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Dusty Pages prided herself that no books were damaged or lost on her watch, and I failed her!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I failed myself!"
Spike says: "I take it we're going to Canterlot?"
Spike says: "The sooner, the better, I guess."
Spike says: "Uh, why are we hiding?"
Spike says: "Don't you wanna return your book?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But what if somepony sees me in there?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm the Princess of Friendship."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everywhere I go, ponies recognize me."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'll stick out like a sore hoof."
Spike says: "Princess Twilight Sparkle in a library?"
Spike says: "Stop the presses!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "A late book is a big deal, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What if Dusty Pages revokes my library card?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Or bans me from ever entering the building again?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Spike says: "Don't you already have most of those books in your collection at home?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes, but the ones in there have a special Canterlot Library-y smell!"
Spike says: "You sniff books?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You don't?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I used to live in a library."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If I'm not a good example of proper book borrowing behavior, then what kind of princess am I?"
Spike says: "One that makes mistakes like everypony else."
Spike says: "Trust me."
Spike says: "Once you return that book, you'll feel way better."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thanks, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Let's go!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I have a book to return."
Librarian Pony says: "Princess Twilight!"
Librarian Pony says: "So good to see you!"
Librarian Pony says: "Need some recommendations from the new release section?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thanks!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I do need to speak with Dusty Pages about a..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "sensitive matter."
Librarian Pony says: "Dusty who?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Dusty Pages?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The head librarian?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "She's worked here forever."
Librarian Pony says: "I'm sorry, princess."
Librarian Pony says: "I don't know her."
Librarian Pony says: "Now, was there some other way I can help the library's Best Book Borrower?"
Spike says: "Just ask where to return an overdue book!"
Spike says: "It's no big deal!"
Spike says: "It happens all the time!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fine."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Fine!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, no!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I didn't even think about the late fine!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "A book out this long will probably cost a thousand bits!"
Spike says: "She—"
Spike says: "I mean, we have an overdue book."
Librarian Pony says: "Well, that's no problem at all."
Librarian Pony says: "In fact, it happens all the time."
Spike says: "See?"
Librarian Pony says: "I'll just find it in the card catalog."
Librarian Pony says: "Uh, number one-eight-nine-oh-five, got it!"
Librarian Pony says: "You need to go and see First Folio in the Grossly Overdue Book Return Office for Ponies Who Should Know Better."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Don't pull any punches with those names, do you?"
Spike says: "And that office would be..."
Spike says: "?"
Librarian Pony says: "In the basement."
Librarian Pony says: "Because of the shame."
Spike says: "Whoa."
Spike says: "Looks like nopony ever goes down here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nopony except undependable rule-breakers who deserve all the horrors this hallway holds!"
Spike says: "And faithful dragon companions."
Spike says: "Uh..."
Spike says: "hey!"
Spike says: "It looks like First Folio left a note on the door!"
Twilight Sparkle says: ""Abandon hope, all ye who enter"?"
Spike says: ""Out to lunch on Restaurant Row."
Spike says: "" Guess we'll have to try back later!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't wait another minute to return this book!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "In the time it took us to get there, I racked up another..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "seventeen bits in late fees!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're going to lunch!"
Spike says: "Good, 'cause I'm starving!"
Spike says: "Oh."
Spike says: "You mean to find First Folio."
Spike says: "Can we at least get takeout?!"
Spike says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Tell me if you see any librarian-type ponies."
Spike says: "Twilight, we tried this at three other restaurants already!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And my late fines are already up another twenty-six more bits!"
Pretzel says: "Waiter, we're ready to order."
Spike says: "Oh, uh, I'm not actually—"
Pretzel says: "Three samosas, two curry specials..."
Pretzel says: "Do you think that's enough for the two of us?"
Spike says: "Hm."
Spike says: "Well, I would probably order some naan as well."
Spike says: "For the table?"
Pretzel says: "Sounds great."
Moon Dancer says: "Twilight?"
Moon Dancer says: "Is that you?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Moon Dancer!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "How've you been?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm just visiting."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No real reason."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Heh."
Moon Dancer says: "Well, it's good to see you!"
Moon Dancer says: "I'm just meeting my friend, First Folio, for lunch."
Moon Dancer says: "Do you want to join us?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "First Folio?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I mean, thank you."
First Folio says: "Princess Twilight, good to meet you!"
First Folio says: "Did you know your picture is still up in our library as the Best Book Borrower?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yeah..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I was hoping I could talk to Dusty Pages about that."
Moon Dancer says: "Oh, Dusty Pages left the library moons ago."
Moon Dancer says: "Didn't you know?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Mm-mm."
First Folio says: "Oh, I heard she was forced to leave."
First Folio says: "It's so sad."
First Folio says: "She loved the library."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wait."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Forced to leave?"
First Folio says: "Yuh-huh, uh-huh, yeah."
First Folio says: "She had a perfect librarian record."
First Folio says: "Until one careless pony didn't return a book, ruined it all."
Moon Dancer says: "Are you okay, Twilight?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh-huh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Would, uh, you excuse me?"
Spike says: "That's why you only order spicy if you can take it."
Spike says: "Twilight, what's wrong?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Dusty Pages isn't working at the library any more because I didn't return this book!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike, I think I got her fired!"
Spike says: "Twilight, the library is that way!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Change of plans."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're going to Dusty's house."
Twilight Sparkle says: "She used to invite me over for tea all the time."
Spike says: "But what about your late fees?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "They're not as important as making things right."
Spike says: "Wait."
Spike says: "So you're not going to return the book?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Dusty Pages is."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's my fault she lost her job."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So if I give her the book, she can get her old job back."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It'll fix everything!"
Meathead Pony says: "Didn't you see the sign?"
Meathead Pony says: "No salesponies!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, I'm not selling anything."
Meathead Pony says: "No carolers either."
Meathead Pony says: "No surveys, no petitions, no free literature..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No problem."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm just looking for somepony who used to live here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm pretty sure this was her house."
Meathead Pony says: "Dusty Pages?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yes!"
Meathead Pony says: "Hold on."
Meathead Pony says: "She moved to..."
Meathead Pony says: "Silver somethin'."
Meathead Pony says: "Shoals, Seas, Surfer, whatever."
Meathead Pony says: "When you find her, give her this."
Meathead Pony says: "It's been stackin' up for years!"
Meathead Pony says: "And tell her to change her address!"
Twilight Sparkle says: ""Silver Stable Community: For the best golden years."
Twilight Sparkle says: "" This has to be it!"
Spike says: "I hope so."
Spike says: "It's the last "Silver" spot on the map we haven't looked."
Spike says: "Whoa!"
Spike says: "This place is—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Terrible, I know!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "There's not a single bookshelf in sight!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Poor Dusty..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Excuse me!"
"Teddie Safari" says: "Yes, how may I help you?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Do you have a resident named Dusty Pages?"
"Teddie Safari" says: "Oh, yes."
"Teddie Safari" says: "Her apartment is in the next complex, ground floor."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thank you!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't believe that my carelessness sent her here, when she could be happily surrounded by millions of wonderful-smelling books!"
Spike says: "You realize that might just be a you thing, right?"
Spike says: "She's bound to be back soon."
Spike says: "Maybe we should just wait here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We are fixing this now."
Twilight Sparkle says: "This place isn't that big."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We can find her."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sorry to interrupt your plein air painting, but we're looking for Dusty Pages."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Have you seen her?"
Apple Rose says: "Sure have!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "?"
Apple Rose says: "She had to leave early to get to her fengbi de ti session."
Old Stallion says: "Which is right before she leads the woodworking class with me."
Old Stallion says: "Then she's on to windsurfing."
Apple Rose says: "Ooh, and don't forget theatre rehearsal!"
Apple Rose says: "Dusty's playing the lead role."
Apple Rose says: "Again."
Old Stallion says: "Then there's her band practice later."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thank you!"
Spike says: "Wow."
Spike says: "Dusty sounds like one busy pony."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, she's just filling her days with distractions to cover the pain of losing the best job ever!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But not for long!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Dusty Pages, finally!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Come on, Spike!"
Spike says: "Wait."
Spike says: "She looks pretty happy up there."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Trust me, it's all an act."
Twilight Sparkle says: "She'll be a lot happier when I deliver the news that she can go back to working at the library!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Care to take five, everypony?"
Dusty Pages says: "Ah!"
Dusty Pages says: "Twilight Sparkle?!"
Dusty Pages says: "!"
Dusty Pages says: "My stars!"
Dusty Pages says: "It's so wonderful to see you!"
Dusty Pages says: "What are you doing here?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I've been looking all over Equestria for you!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I need to tell you something."
Dusty Pages says: "Well, you brought my mail!"
Dusty Pages says: "Oh, thank you!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I mean, yes, we did, but that's not why we're here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I let you down, and I can't forgive myself until I set things right."
Dusty Pages says: "I don't remember you doing anything wrong."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You told me to take care of a special book I checked out from the Canterlot Library, and I never brought it back!"
Dusty Pages says: "It was you that had that book out?"
Dusty Pages says: "The one that broke my perfect record?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But now you can bring it to Canterlot Library and get your job back!"
Dusty Pages says: "No, thank you!"
Dusty Pages says: "I don't ever need to see that library again!"
Dusty Pages says: "Now, if you'll excuse me, I have somewhere to be."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Do you mind?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't understand."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If Dusty Pages won't go back to Canterlot Library and explain everything, then she won't be able to get her job back."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Even worse, her record will remain imperfect!"
Spike says: "And yours will, too?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, yeah!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But that doesn't matter any more!"
Spike says: "Really?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, maybe a little bit."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, no, bits!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The late fines!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "How much do I owe now?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Spike says: "Uhhh..."
Spike says: "you don't wanna know."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It would've been worth all the bits in Equestria if I had made things right with Dusty!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I wish I knew why she won't go back!"
Spike says: "Why don't you ask her?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "She didn't seem to want to talk."
Spike says: "You surprised her, and she probably had something else on her schedule."
Spike says: "That thing is packed!"
Spike says: "Come on."
Spike says: "What have you got to lose?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now that I've messed up this much?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Nothing."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're right, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's worth a try."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Where do you think she went?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Crochet?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Bingo?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "A squishy fruit food-fight tournament?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Spike says: "Hey, everypony!"
Spike says: "We come in—"
Spike says: "Eh, pieces."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Stop!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We just want to talk to Dusty Pages for a moment!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Please?"
Dusty Pages says: "Time out!"
Dusty Pages says: "Next time, you should rent gear."
Spike says: "We're not actually here for the game."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I was hoping you'd give me another chance to talk to you about the library book."
Dusty Pages says: "This really means a lot to you, doesn't it?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Mm-hmm."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know I ruined your life by not returning my book on time, and I will do anything I can to make it up to you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Even promise to never take a book out of a library again, if that's what it takes."
Spike says: "That is not the reaction we expected."
Dusty Pages says: "Twilight, dear, you've got it all backwards!"
Dusty Pages says: "I'm not upset with you!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're not?"
Dusty Pages says: "No!"
Dusty Pages says: "If I'm mad at anypony, it's me."
Dusty Pages says: "All those years I spent hiding away in that library, trying to be perfect."
Dusty Pages says: "When your book never came in, I felt something exhilarating!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What was it?"
Dusty Pages says: "Freedom."
Spike says: "From books?"
Dusty Pages says: "From perfection!"
Dusty Pages says: "I was too stubborn to know when to call it quits!"
Dusty Pages says: "It took your mistake to make me realize that I wasn't living the life I wanted!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You mean you weren't fired?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You left the library because you wanted to?"
Dusty Pages says: "Twilight, your late book was the best thing that ever happened to me."
Dusty Pages says: "Now I'm not afraid to try things I might fail at."
Dusty Pages says: "In fact, sometimes messing up teaches me more than getting it right!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're sure you don't want to return it and get that perfect record back?"
Dusty Pages says: "Ah, good."
Dusty Pages says: "It was a yellow one."
Dusty Pages says: "You can still see the words."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But it'll have a stain!"
Dusty Pages says: "That doesn't change the truth inside it."
Dusty Pages says: "Wait."
Dusty Pages says: "Did you even read that thing?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Actually, uh, no, I guess I didn't."
Twilight Sparkle says: ""Perfection"."
Dusty Pages says: "And the next part?"
Twilight Sparkle says: ""The Impossible Pursuit"."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That might've been useful to look at earlier."
First Folio says: "Uh-huh..."
First Folio says: "Your total late fees come to..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "However much it is, I'll cover it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Uh, do you have a monthly payment plan?"
First Folio says: "Twenty-eight bits."
Spike says: "That's it?!"
Spike says: "!"
First Folio says: "Yah-huh."
First Folio says: "Most ponies don't know that it caps at a month."
First Folio says: "Probably 'cause we don't tell them."
First Folio says: "Thank you."
First Folio says: "Your account is back to normal."
First Folio says: "Although we will be taking down your Best Book Borrower picture."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Um, is that really necessary?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Heh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It just seems so permanent."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Heh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I mean, I did return the book, after all."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Letting the perfection go."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You want me to reshelve this for you?"
First Folio says: "No, it's an old edition."
First Folio says: "We've already replaced it with a new copy."
Spike says: "In that case, can we keep it?"
Spike says: "It might be a good reminder to have around."
First Folio says: "You sure?"
First Folio says: "It's got a stain."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's what makes it perfect."