Queen Chrysalis says: "Hey there, my unicorn friend."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Have you heard?"
Unicorn Baker says: "About Princess Twilight Sparkle's coronation?"
Unicorn Baker says: "Who hasn't?"
Unicorn Baker says: "I'm on my way there now."
Unicorn Baker says: "So much baking to do and—"
Queen Chrysalis says: "No, no."
Queen Chrysalis says: "About the Earth ponies."
Unicorn Baker says: "I know their crops have been underperforming, but, uh..."
Queen Chrysalis says: "That's not it."
Queen Chrysalis says: "They're hoarding the food for themselves!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "I heard the Mayor of Appleloosa say that if unicorns and Pegasi want to eat, they can use their own hooves to dig."
Unicorn Baker says: "How awful!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "We unicorns have to stick together, right?"
Lord Tirek says: "Ah, Chrysalis."
Lord Tirek says: "Another successful field trip, I presume?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Spreading distrust among the unicorns and Earth ponies is almost too easy."
Queen Chrysalis says: "We could take down Twilight and her friends a hundred times, but as long as they have the "love" of Equestria behind them, they'd crawl back to defeat us."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Not anymore."
Cozy Glow says: "No friendship, no magic!"
Cozy Glow says: "It's so obvious when you think about it."
Cozy Glow says: "I did my part freaking out the Pegasi."
Lord Tirek says: "And Grogar's long absence has given me time to prepare the next part of our plan."
Lord Tirek says: "Grogar's Bell."
Lord Tirek says: "This artifact can steal any creature's magic."
Lord Tirek says: "It holds that magic until it is released by this spell."
Lord Tirek says: "Which means all the power inside is ours for the taking!"
Cozy Glow says: "You're drooling on the Bell."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Let's try the spell before Grogar gets back."
Queen Chrysalis says: "I'm sick of waiting for that old goat's master plan."
Lord Tirek says: "Take my hands."
Lord Tirek says: "So we can all be part of the spell."
Lord Tirek says: "Unless you'd prefer I take all the magic myself?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Our pact stands."
Queen Chrysalis says: "What we do, we do together."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Once we defeat the protectors of Equestria, we can claim this land and rule our kingdoms alone once more."
Grogar says: "I have returned."
Grogar says: "Twilight Sparkle's coronation is today, and we are going to ruin it with this artifact."
Grogar says: "But to succeed, you must work together."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Oh, way ahead of you, Grogar."
Grogar says: "The Bell!"
Grogar says: "You had it all this time?!"
Grogar says: "!"
Grogar says: "Why didn't you tell me?!"
Grogar says: "!"
Cozy Glow says: "We're villains."
Cozy Glow says: "Duh."
Lord Tirek says: "That was unexpected."
Cozy Glow says: "Wait."
Cozy Glow says: "Discord was Grogar?"
Cozy Glow says: "Like, the whole time?"
Cozy Glow says: "Should we follow him?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Without magic, he's no threat."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Besides, we have plans."
Princess Celestia says: "Doesn't she look so adorably regal up there?"
Princess Luna says: "Our little Twilight, all grown up."
Princess Luna says: "Should we tell her that we've cleared out our royal suites so she and Spike can move in?"
Princess Celestia says: "Oh, maybe wait until after the coronation."
Princess Celestia says: "Twilight doesn't need anything else to worry about today."
Spike says: "So, you freakin' out yet?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "About what?"
Spike says: "Oh, I don't know."
Spike says: "It's not every day the princesses that have ruled Equestria for hundreds of moons retire and pass all their responsibilities on to your and your friends."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Actually, I'm feeling pretty good."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We've all faced so much and come out okay."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know we're up to the challenge of keeping Equestria safe and happy."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There's nothing we can't handle together."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Which reminds me..."
Spike says: "Royal advisor?"
Spike says: "What's that?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "A new position I created for you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You've been at my side for every step of this journey."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Knowing I had you to count on gave me the strength I needed to grow and succeed."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I wouldn't be here without you."
Spike says: "Thanks, Twilight."
Spike says: "You know I'll always be your right-hoof dragon."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I was hoping you'd say that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Because now that my crown's been fitted, we have some royal errands to run!"
Rarity says: "And you're sure this is where Pinkie told us to get the blackberries for her special coronation dessert?"
Fluttershy says: "Maybe they keep their produce in the back?"
Fruit Seller says: "Nope."
Fruit Seller says: "This is all we got."
Fruit Seller says: "But I got a special on these taters."
Fluttershy says: "Um, no, thank you."
Fluttershy says: "We'll keep looking."
Rarity says: "Ooh!"
Rarity says: "Twilight, darling!"
Rarity says: "You're just in time."
Rarity says: "Only one more pre-coronation stop."
Rarity says: "We're picking up the final touch for your apres-hors d'oevres gown..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Is that before or after the royal marshmallow-eating-contest gown?"
Rarity says: "What?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "I haven't made one of those!"
Rarity says: "You must tell me when they add these sorts of things!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's okay, Rarity."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I was just joking."
Spike says: "Joking?"
Spike says: "Day of her coronation?"
Spike says: "You've come a long way, Twilight."
Rarity says: "Well, that's odd."
Rarity says: "They look open."
Lemon Hearts says: "What do you want?"
Rarity says: "Oh."
Rarity says: "Well, this being a thread shop, I thought I might buy some?"
Lemon Hearts says: "Put the bits in the mail slot."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What was that about?"
Rarity says: "You know designers."
Rarity says: "Don't like being interrupted when they're on a creative roll."
Rarity says: "With thread this exquisite, can you blame them?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Weather for the coronation is sunny skies!"
Rainbow Dash says: "It was weird, though."
Rainbow Dash says: "Not many Pegasi wanted to help me clear the clouds."
Rainbow Dash says: "They were kinda on edge."
Spike says: "They're not the only ones."
Rarity says: "It's the first shift in royal power in over a millenium."
Rarity says: "Of course everypony is a little jumpy."
Rarity says: "Change does that."
Fluttershy says: "But I'm sure it's not because they're worried about you."
Rainbow Dash says: "How could they be?"
Rainbow Dash says: "How many times have you saved their flanks by now?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're right."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'll just have to let everypony know that even with Celestia and Luna gone, we'll make sure things stay the same."
Applejack says: "Twilight!"
Applejack says: "There you are!"
Applejack says: "You mind tellin' your friend here that I don't need an official guard wherever I go?"
Applejack says: "Especially if he ain't gonna help carry apples?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I appreciate you taking such good care of my friends, but we're fine now."
Applejack says: "It was the strangest thing."
Applejack says: "He kept callin' me "Earth pony", like I didn't have a name."
Applejack says: "And watchin' me like he thought I'd steal the silver!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Do not go in that kitchen!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You look like you were in a sugar war."
Pinkie Pie says: "For some reason, the bakers are super grouchy with each other."
Pinkie Pie says: "That unicorn chef started throwing dessert at Mrs."
Pinkie Pie says: "Cake!"
Pinkie Pie says: "I tried to help, but I got caught in the crossfire!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Tasty, tasty crossfire."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You sure this is just pre-coronation nerves?"
Discord says: "My aching metatarsals!"
Discord says: "You know, you forget how convenient snap-travel is."
Spike says: "Wait."
Spike says: "Did you just walk here on foot?"
Discord says: "Yes, actually."
Discord says: "And I have a confession to make."
Discord says: "You see, I might have made the teeeeeniest boo-boo."
Discord says: "All very well-intentioned and noble on my part, of course, but—"
Applejack says: "Get to the point, Discord."
Discord says: "You remember that whole thing with King Sombra?"
Discord says: "That was slightly my fault."
Discord says: "And by "slightly", I mean..."
Discord says: "I brought him back."
Rarity says: "You did?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "But why?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Discord says: "Well, it seemed like a good idea at the time."
Discord says: "Which is why I also brought back three other villains who are now on the loose and not really big fans of yours."
Discord says: "So..."
Discord says: "my bad."
Princess Luna says: "Let me get this straight."
Princess Luna says: "You wanted to boost Twilight's confidence, so you brought back Chrysalis, Cozy Glow, and Tirek to attack her?!"
Princess Luna says: "!"
Discord says: "Don't forget Sombra."
Princess Celestia says: "And while you united these three villains, you pretended to be Grogar?!"
Princess Celestia says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "Discord, how could you do this to Twilight?!"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "And us?!"
Fluttershy says: "!"
Discord says: "Look what a great job you did defeating Sombra."
Discord says: "All the confidence you gained."
Discord says: "Remember the cheering?"
Discord says: "The hoof-bumps?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Except it was all a lie."
Discord says: "A well-intentioned lie."
Applejack says: "For all the time you've spent with us, you really haven't picked up too much in the way of friendship lessons, huh?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You've been setting up challenges for us the whole time, haven't you?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "None of our successes were actually real."
Discord says: "Of course they were!"
Discord says: "You just had an extremely good-looking safety net."
Spike says: "And how was that supposed to help again?"
Discord says: "I intended to prepare Twilight for anything by orchestrating an epic attack at her coronation."
Rarity says: "You beastly beast!"
Rarity says: "Don't you know how much this day means to Twilight?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "And me?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Rarity says: "I made her dress!"
Rarity says: "Why wait until now for such a horrible plan?!"
Rarity says: "!"
Discord says: "You don't take a final exam on your first day of class."
Discord says: "Just think – after defeating three baddies, Twilight would have to believe that she's the leader we all know she is!"
Princess Celestia says: "You have made a grave misjudgment, Discord."
Princess Celestia says: "Do you have anything else you'd like to tell us?!"
Princess Celestia says: "!"
Discord says: "Would you like the good news or the bad news?"
Princess Luna says: "That wasn't the bad news?!"
Princess Luna says: "!"
Discord says: "All my chaos magic is..."
Discord says: "gone."
Discord says: "Trapped in Grogar's Bell."
Spike says: "So what's the good news?"
Discord says: "Chrysalis, Tirek, and Cozy Glow now have all of the real Grogar's magic."
Rainbow Dash says: "in what world is that good news?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Discord says: "Compared to me losing my powers, anything else is good news!"
Princess Celestia says: "Twilight, Luna, we need to make a plan."
Princess Celestia says: "Maybe it's not too late to stop this disaster from happening!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I need some time to think first."
Discord says: "Well, there isn't any time!"
Discord says: "Look what I overheard them saying!"
Discord says: "Ugh!"
Discord says: "Just listen to my voice and use your imagination!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Let the fool go."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Without magic, he's no threat."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Besides, we have plans."
Cozy Glow says: "The "Lame Six" are so busy being perfect, they haven't even noticed what we've been up to."
Cozy Glow says: "Have I mentioned how great revenge is?"
Lord Tirek says: "I hope you got a name picked out for your future kingdom."
Lord Tirek says: "Because it's time to destroy Equestria!"
Discord says: "They're probably on their way to attack Canterlot right now!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Then we'll stop 'em!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "How?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Stopping Sombra by himself was hard enough!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And that was with lord-of-chaos training wheels!"
Princess Celestia says: "Twilight, it doesn't matter if Discord set up your successes or not."
Princess Celestia says: "We believe in you and always have."
Princess Luna says: "Lean on your strengths to counter your weaknesses."
Twilight Sparkle says: "My strengths?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Right!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Spike!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Send a letter to Star Swirl!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Tell him we need the Pillars to guard the border of Canterlot!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "If the villains are coming for a fight, we'll have one waiting for them!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "With Chrysalis on the loose, she'll go after Starlight!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Warn Cadance and Shining Armor!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "They're our final line of defense if we fail!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The ultimate battle for the fate of Equestria is coming!"
Cozy Glow says: "We're not going anywhere until you two stop arguing!"
Cozy Glow says: "Chrysalis, say something nice about Tirek."
Queen Chrysalis says: "He's..."
Queen Chrysalis says: "red."
Cozy Glow says: "Tirek?"
Lord Tirek says: "She's..."
Lord Tirek says: "not as annoying as I expected."
Cozy Glow says: "Good!"
Cozy Glow says: "Now we were talking about Grogar's Bell."
Queen Chrysalis says: "We should take the magic inside it."
Queen Chrysalis says: "You know how powerful Discord was."
Queen Chrysalis says: "That much chaos magic in our veins..."
Lord Tirek says: "But taking it all would be madness!"
Lord Tirek says: "It's impossible for any other creature to control!"
Cozy Glow says: "I guess if you need a guinea pig to find out if anypony can use chaos magic, I'll volunteer."
Cozy Glow says: "Fools!"
Cozy Glow says: "Now I have more power than all of you!"
Cozy Glow says: "Kneel before my might!"
Cozy Glow says: "Aah!"
Cozy Glow says: "Take it back!"
Cozy Glow says: "Take it back!"
Lord Tirek says: "Still think chaos magic is a good idea?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Leave it in the Bell."
Queen Chrysalis says: "We've got a kingdom to conquer."
Cozy Glow says: "So, where should we strike first?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Everywhere."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We've faced enemies of Equestria before."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And we've always succeeded, no matter the odds."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That wouldn't be possible without all of you."
Discord says: "You're welcome!"
Spike says: "Dude, read the room."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So I ask for your help again today in what is our biggest battle yet."
Twilight Sparkle says: "All of Equestria is at stake, and I can't do this alone."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I'm not afraid."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Because with friendship as our armor and teamwork as our power, nopony can ever bring us down!"
Cozy Glow says: "Oh, come on!"
Cozy Glow says: "Where'd you get that?"
Cozy Glow says: "A daily affirmations calendar?"
Cozy Glow says: "Yeesh."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Cozy Glow?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're—"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Cozy Glow says: "About to wipe the floor with you!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Aah!"
Cozy Glow says: "Wow!"
Cozy Glow says: "It's true!"
Cozy Glow says: "Alicorns really do have more fun!"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Spread out and stay ready, friends!"
Star Swirl the Bearded says: "Canterlot depends on us!"
Lord Tirek says: "Magic seasoned with age."
Lord Tirek says: "Delicious."
Rockhoof says: "No!"
Lord Tirek says: "Oh, run along."
Lord Tirek says: "The big stallions are playing."
Rockhoof says: "Somnambula..."
Rockhoof says: "!"
Rockhoof says: "Warn..."
Rockhoof says: "the princesses..."
Rockhoof says: "!"
Lord Tirek says: "Ahhhh."
Lord Tirek says: "The perfect dessert to a legendary meal."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Stay with your buddy!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "No running!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Just follow Counselor Trixie!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Starlight, star bright."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Where's the pony I want to fight?!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "I have to go."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You got this?"
Trixie says: "Nopony does a great and powerful escape like Trixie."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Ah."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Just the headmare I want to see."
Starlight Glimmer says: "You didn't make an appointment!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "What is this place?"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Somewhere you can't hurt anypony!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Wrong."
Queen Chrysalis says: "I can hurt you!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Argh!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Stay still so I can blast you!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Oh, yeah, real motivating!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Aah!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Ugh!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "You'll pay for that!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Put it on my tab!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "No!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Aah!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Ugh!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Now I'll have all eternity to take my revenge on you!"
Princess Celestia says: "Stand down, Cozy Glow!"
Cozy Glow says: "Gee, I guess I could."
Cozy Glow says: "But..."
Cozy Glow says: "I'm having too much fun!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Aah!"
Princess Celestia says: "Aah!"
Princess Luna says: "Aah!"
Princess Celestia says: "Ready, sister?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wait!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "What are you..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "NO!"
Cozy Glow says: "That's the problem with you magic-types."
Cozy Glow says: "You're so reliant on all your special power, you forget to use your brains!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Keep telling yourself that!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now!"
Cozy Glow says: "Whoaaaa!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Surprise attack!"
Fluttershy says: "Fly, my pretties!"
Cozy Glow says: "Aah!"
Cozy Glow says: "Aah!"
Cozy Glow says: "Aah!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "You think your pathetic shield can stop us?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "The Pillars have been defeated."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Your school is abandoned."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Face it, Twilight."
Queen Chrysalis says: "You've lost!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You can attack us and we may fall."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But Equestria will still stand, united in friendship."
Twilight Sparkle says: "And we won't stop until we defeat you, no matter how many ponies you take down!"
Lord Tirek says: "Didn't you all notice something was wrong in Equestria?"
Lord Tirek says: "We've been busy."
Queen Chrysalis says: "A whisper here, a rumor there..."
Lord Tirek says: "Destroy some crops, cause some damage..."
Cozy Glow says: "Turn pony against pony..."
Queen Chrysalis says: "Until your whole kingdom is on edge, waiting for just one tiny thing to push them over the brink!"
Lord Tirek says: "There's no backup friends or rainbow magic to save you now!"
Cozy Glow says: "Golly, I think it's time for some redecorating!"
Queen Chrysalis says: "You know what's stronger than friendship, Twilight?"
Queen Chrysalis says: "Fear!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Aah!"
Lord Tirek says: "'Cause when you have to protect yourself, you don't have time for anypony else."
Cozy Glow says: "Too bad you never taught that in school."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Huh?"
Rarity says: "Go, Twilight!"
Rarity says: "Get help!"
Applejack says: "We'll hold 'em 'til you get back!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't leave you here!"
Fluttershy says: "It's our only chance!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You'll come up with something to save the day!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You always do!"
Spike says: "We believe in you!"
Discord says: "Fly, you foal!"
To be continued...