Twilight Sparkle says: "Remind me how this happened again!"
Applejack says: "And why there's a giant turtle eatin' my family's entire summer crop!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, dear."
Fluttershy says: "Mr."
Fluttershy says: "Tortoise-Snap said he was hungry."
Fluttershy says: "But he promised me he would only take a few small bites."
Rainbow Dash says: "I don't think that thing knows what "small" is."
Spike says: "Aah!"
Rarity says: "Spikey-Wikey!"
Spike says: "Whoa!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Applejack and Pinkie, you distract him!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Rainbow Dash, Rarity, and Fluttershy, let's save Spike!"
Fluttershy says: "Mr."
Fluttershy says: "Tortoise-Snap, I'm only asking nicely once!"
Fluttershy says: "Let my friend go!"
Spike says: "Whoa!"
Spike says: "Whoa!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "And now, a simple teleportation spell should—"
Princess Celestia says: "Halt, interloper!"
Princess Luna says: "Stay back, friends!"
Princess Luna says: "My sister and I will take care of the beast!"
Rainbow Dash says: "All the times we've actually needed their help, and they show up for this?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's just what I was about to do!"
Princess Luna says: "Goodness, sister!"
Princess Luna says: "That was fun!"
Princess Celestia says: "No need to thank us."
Princess Celestia says: "To be honest, we've recently realized we like being part of the action."
Princess Luna says: "Experiencing life instead of just dreaming about it."
Princess Celestia says: "And making a difference outside the throne room."
Applejack says: "Y'all think they're gonna be doin' this a lot?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, my."
Fluttershy says: "We'd better ask somepony to fix that hole."
Fluttershy says: "It seems very dangerous."
Princess Luna says: "Which is why we're here!"
Rainbow Dash says: "I can't read this thing."
Rainbow Dash says: "How am I supposed to lead a Filly Guides hike if the map makes us more lost?"
Princess Celestia says: "Did somepony say "lost"?"
Princess Luna says: "Not for long!"
Mrs. Cake says: "Oh, now, this is just terrible!"
Mrs. Cake says: "Miss Cheerilee ordered cupcakes for school today, and I forgot to make the order!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Ah, no biggie."
Pinkie Pie says: "We could—"
Princess Celestia says: "Students going hungry?"
Princess Celestia says: "Not on our watch!"
Princess Luna says: "Let us bake, sister!"
Applejack says: "And then they carried Granny Smith across the street."
Applejack says: "There wasn't even any traffic!"
Fluttershy says: "It's not that we don't appreciate their help."
Rarity says: "But suddenly, Celestia and Luna seem to think we can't do anything on our own."
Rainbow Dash says: "How are we supposed to learn to be rulers of Equestria with them fixing every teensy problem for us?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe the princesses changed their minds."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Maybe they don't think we're up to the responsibility of protecting Equestria after all!"
Spike says: "Or maybe this week's just a one-time thing that'll never happen again."
Princess Celestia says: "Ah!"
Princess Celestia says: "A strategy meeting!"
Princess Celestia says: "What is the danger this time?"
Princess Celestia says: "A rampaging beast?"
Princess Celestia says: "Evil spell?"
Princess Celestia says: "Friendship problem?"
Princess Luna says: "We're ready to do whatever we can."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Great."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But is something wrong?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's just..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You've been helping us an awful lot, and we know you have way more important ruler-y things to do, so..."
Princess Luna says: "We've spent more than enough time in the throne room."
Princess Luna says: "Real life is happening out here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Wait."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's what this is about?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're sick of being princesses?"
Princess Celestia says: "Not exactly."
Princess Celestia says: "Battling the Everfree Forest alongside Star Swirl made us realize what we've missed out on."
Princess Celestia says: "So, instead of spending the day ruling..."
Princess Luna says: "..."
Princess Luna says: "and the night patrolling dreams..."
Princess Celestia says: "..."
Princess Celestia says: "we wanted a chance to do the things you do."
Princess Celestia says: "Save the day!"
Princess Celestia says: "Adventure with friends!"
Princess Celestia says: "Shampoo anteaters."
Spike says: "I'm pretty sure Fluttershy's the only pony that does that."
Rainbow Dash says: "Well, there are waaaay more fun things to do than follow us around."
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "You should make a list of all the stuff you never tried but always wanted to!"
Pinkie Pie says: "There's a lotta little things out there to do!"
Princess Celestia says: "What an intriguing idea."
Princess Celestia says: "Only..."
Princess Celestia says: "it's much harder to justify a vacation from the castle when it's not an emergency we're responding to."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Don't worry."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We'll cover your palace duties."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It'll be a good chance for us to practice for when you retire."
Princess Luna says: "Well, if you're sure you don't mind the extra effort."
Princess Celestia says: "Thank you, Twilight!"
Princess Celestia says: "What a relief to know the Royal Swanifying Ceremony is in good hooves."
Applejack says: "The what now?"
Princess Celestia says: ""Fun Not Yet Had"."
Princess Celestia says: "I can't wait to start planning our time off!"
Princess Luna says: "The chance to do whatever we want!"
Princess Luna says: "And you know what that means!"
Adventure!
Relaxation!
Princess Luna says: "Well, it's just that I..."
Princess Luna says: "I spend each night in everypony's intense dreams."
Princess Luna says: "So I could use some real-world downtime."
Princess Celestia says: "I understand."
Princess Celestia says: "But for me, every day is real-world."
Princess Celestia says: "Meetings and decrees and meetings about decrees and decrees about the meetings..."
Princess Celestia says: "I crave excitement!"
Princess Luna says: "Uh, I'm not sure how we can both be happy."
Princess Luna says: "Unless..."
Princess Celestia says: "We take turns doing what we like!"
Princess Celestia says: "Sister trip!"
Princess Luna says: "Sister trip!"
Princess Luna says: "And I have the perfect accessories for us to wear!"
Princess Luna says: "Wait right here!"
Princess Celestia says: "Oh."
Princess Celestia says: "We'll be..."
Princess Celestia says: "twin-sies."
Princess Luna says: "Just like regular pony tourists."
Princess Luna says: "I knew you'd love it."
Princess Celestia says: "I have a few things for us, too."
Princess Celestia says: "Sunglasses, bug spray, ice boots, hoof sanitizer, and travel snacks!"
Princess Celestia says: "You have to add water."
Princess Celestia says: "What do you think?"
Princess Luna says: "It's perfect, sister."
Princess Celestia says: "And here are instructions of how to prepare for the Royal Swanifying."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If it's written down, I'm sure we can handle it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Have fun!"
Princess Luna says: "One more thing."
Princess Luna says: "We're leaving you in charge of raising the sun and moon while we're gone."
Princess Celestia says: "We have put a small part of our power in this amulet."
Princess Celestia says: "You can activate it with your magic at any time."
Princess Celestia says: "Preferably dawn and dusk."
Pinkie Pie says: "Ooh!"
Pinkie Pie says: "That's not a terrifying level of responsibility or anything!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We won't let you down, princesses."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Please tell me that scroll says what the the Royal Swanifying is."
Spike says: "Apparently it's a celebration of all the swans in the royal lake."
Spike says: "We round them up, parade them through the streets, and finish with a party in the castle."
Rainbow Dash says: "One question."
Rainbow Dash says: "Why?!"
Rainbow Dash says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "It doesn't matter."
Twilight Sparkle says: "This is our chance to show Celestia and Luna we'll do whatever the job requires."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If they can take care of all this themselves, then I know we can."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Together."
Fluttershy says: "Um..."
Fluttershy says: "hmm."
Rarity says: "Ah."
Rarity says: "Jolly good."
Spike says: "You're definitely not reading the same scroll I am."
Princess Celestia says: "Remember, sister."
Princess Celestia says: "From now on, we are regular, carefree ponies!"
Princess Luna says: "We're leaving the princess life behind, and we're not even going to fly!"
Princess Celestia says: "Of course."
Princess Celestia says: "How new and different."
Princess Celestia says: "It's just like Pinkie Pie said."
Princess Celestia.
There's a lotta little things you gotta do in this world.
Princess Luna.
There's a lotta little things you gotta try.
Princess Celestia.
Just a pack of punchy plunges other ponies all take.
Princess Luna.
That have princess-pony-passed us right by.
Both.
Nopony knows you like your little sister.
Nopony is a better confidante.
Nopony is truer than the one you are.
Nopony else here I could want.
Princess Celestia.
You can't saunter on a sojourn hid behind castle walls.
Princess Luna.
You can't throw a throne down on the beach.
Princess Celestia.
So we're gonna be absconding.
Princess Luna.
To a little vagabonding.
Princess Celestia.
And this bucket list is gonna be a peach.
Both.
Nopony knows you like your older sister.
Nopony is a better confidante.
Nopony is truer than the one you are.
Nopony else here I could want.
There's a lotta little things you gotta try in this world.
There's a lotta little things you gotta see.
Princess Luna.
But just reading by a river and resting our hooves.
Would practically be perfect for me.
Both.
Nopony knows you like your sister.
Nopony is a better confidante.
Nopony is truer than the one you are.
Nopony else here I could want.
Princess Celestia.
You can't venture on adventures if you're taking a nap.
You can't check things off your checklist while you sleep.
So let's take another hill.
Princess Luna.
Sometimes you can be a pill.
And why's the way ahead always so steep?
Fancy Pants says: "Princesses, we are here to..."
Fancy Pants says: "Oh."
Applejack says: "Uh, we're fillin' in for Their Majesties."
Applejack says: "What can we help y'all with?"
Fancy Pants says: "I say."
Fancy Pants says: "How irregular."
Fancy Pants says: "Well then."
Fancy Pants says: "We offer our assistance as heads of the Royal Swanifying Committee."
Rarity says: "Ah, what a relief."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thank you, but we have it all covered."
Fancy Pants says: "Reeeeeally?"
Fancy Pants says: "Well, good luck with that."
Twilight Sparkle says: "If we ask for help, it's just like admitting we're not as good at the job as Luna and Celestia are."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Besides, how hard can throwing a swan party be?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Yeah!"
Pinkie Pie says: "All we have left to do is polish the armor, bubble the punch, glitter the carpet, puff the pastry, float the floats, and carpet every road in Canterlot!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Should I keep reading?"
Princess Luna says: "Uh, Celestia?"
Princess Luna says: "Since we're both a little tired, m-maybe the first thing we do shouldn't be too wild."
Princess Celestia says: "Exactly what I was thinking."
Princess Celestia says: "ziiiiip liiiiiiiiiine!"
Princess Celestia says: "Now, every time we have tea, we can remember this magical day!"
Princess Luna says: "Well, I'm glad you enjoyed yourself."
Princess Luna says: "But now, we're going to do something I've always wanted to do but never could because of my night shift."
Princess Celestia says: "Is it another zip line?"
Princess Luna says: "No."
Princess Luna says: "It's the post office!"
Princess Celestia says: "It is indeed."
Princess Luna says: "Just think!"
Princess Luna says: "All the mail in Ponyville goes through here!"
Princess Luna says: "Isn't that amazing?!"
Princess Luna says: "!"
Princess Luna says: "One stamp, please!"
Princess Luna says: "Wait for it..."
Princess Celestia says: "You didn't need a stamp if you were just going to give this to me."
Princess Luna says: "Yes, but I didn't give it to you."
Princess Luna says: "A mailpony took it from me, searched to find who it was meant for, and gave it to you!"
Princess Luna says: "It's about the process!"
Princess Celestia says: "Did you know that nopony has ever explored the bottom of these caverns?"
Princess Luna says: "I wonder why."
Princess Luna says: "I have always wanted to try this!"
Princess Luna says: "Isn't this wonderful, sister?"
Princess Celestia.
There's a lotta little things you gotta do in this world.
Princess Luna.
There's a lotta little things you ought to view.
Princess Celestia.
And our little lotta list may be a little bit long.
Princess Luna.
Both.
But I'm sure it gets better later on.
Princess Celestia.
And after darkest night's a new dawn.
Princess Luna.
It's my turn to do the choosing.
Princess Celestia.
After river rapid cruising.
Both.
This adventure isn't too fun to be on.
Fancy Pants says: "Princess Twilight!"
Fancy Pants says: "It has come to our attention that you don't intend to serve watercress at the Royal Swanifying Ceremony."
Twilight Sparkle says: "There's not enough in the castle kitchens to—"
Fancy Pants says: "Don't tell me."
Fancy Pants says: "Tell him."
Fancy Pants says: "And you must do something about the garbage piling up outside."
Fancy Pants says: "The street sweepers are on strike, and the royal carpeters can't do their jobs."
Applejack says: "Did you even know there were royal street carpeters?"
Fancy Pants says: "Oh, dear."
Fancy Pants says: "I do hope those aren't the final decorations for the gala."
Rarity says: "How rude."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thank you for your constructive criticism."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But we really don't have time to chat, so..."
Princess Celestia says: "Well, I hope you're enjoying yourself on your super-relaxing picnic, sister."
Princess Luna says: "I would be if you hadn't made us hike through a million prickle bushes!"
Princess Celestia says: "Well, they hurt less than that horrible howling you dragged us to."
Princess Luna says: "That was Ponygliacci, and it's an opera!"
Princess Luna says: "And you made us leave early, even though it was still my turn."
Princess Celestia says: "Oh, just face it, Luna."
Princess Celestia says: "You are never happy!"
Princess Luna says: "Because you don't want me to be happy."
Princess Luna says: "I always have to do things your way."
Princess Luna says: "I bet you wish I'd never come back so you could still rule day and night!"
Princess Celestia says: "You think I like that kind of pressure?!"
Princess Celestia says: "!"
Princess Celestia says: "Being responsible for every little thing in Equestria and you?!"
Princess Celestia says: "!"
Princess Celestia says: "What I'd like is a  sister I can depend on!"
Princess Luna says: "You mean boss around!"
Princess Celestia says: "Calm down, Luna!"
Princess Luna says: "No!"
Princess Luna says: "And don't you dare use your Canterlot Voice on me!"
Princess Luna says: "I think this adventure would be better if I did it by myself!"
Princess Celestia says: "Fine!"
Princess Celestia says: "I just remembered something I forgot I always wanted to do."
Princess Celestia says: "Be alone!"
Princess Luna says: "Guess we have the same thing on both of our lists then."
Applejack says: "Pinkie!"
Applejack says: "You got those appetizers yet?!"
Applejack says: "!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Still mashing the guacamole!"
Rarity says: "So we're just going to have to do with sequins!"
Fluttershy says: "Um, sorry for the bad news, but the courtyard is full of swans waiting to get in!"
Rainbow Dash says: "And we're nowhere near ready!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "How does Celestia and Luna rule a kingdom and get all this done by themselves every year?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"
Fancy Pants says: "Oh, how droll."
Spike says: "Uh, what's the funny part exactly?"
Fancy Pants says: "The princesses never do all the ceremony planning by themselves."
Twilight Sparkle says: "They don't?"
Fancy Pants says: "Oh, goodness, no."
Fancy Pants says: "That's what the gala planning committees are for."
Fancy Pants says: "Nopony could handle all this."
Fancy Pants says: "Are those..."
Fancy Pants says: "sequins?"
Rarity says: "Still rude."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ooh!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "New plan, everypony!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're going to delegate!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You!"
Rainbow Dash says: "You're on food duty!"
Rarity says: "I need gemstones!"
Rarity says: "And purple satin!"
Fluttershy says: "Tell the ponies at the gates there's a slight delay on the gala!"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, um, if it's not too much trouble, I mean."
Applejack says: "Uh..."
Applejack says: "Now, who can we get to clean up all this garbage?"
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm delegating!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "So this is how you rule Equestria!"
Princess Luna says: "Things are so much more relaxing without my bossy sister."
Princess Celestia says: "Who needs a gloomy sister moping around all the time anyway?"
"Nurse Sweetheart" says: "Honestly, princess, didn't you wear any sunblock?"
Princess Luna says: "That's a thing?"
Princess Luna says: "Celestia would've warned me."
Princess Luna says: "If she were here."
Princess Celestia says: "Now, was it two left turns and a right, or two right turns and a left?"
Princess Celestia says: "Luna always handled directions."
Princess Celestia says: "And scared away the chickens!"
Princess Celestia says: "Oh!"
Princess Celestia says: "Heh."
Princess Celestia says: "I thought climbing Mount Filly-mane-jaro was on my list."
Princess Luna says: "I'm not copying you!"
Princess Luna says: "I just wanted to watch the sunrise."
Princess Celestia says: "Ah."
Princess Celestia says: "I'm, uh, here for the moonset."
Princess Celestia says: "So, uh, how did the rest of your day go?"
Princess Luna says: "Oh, amazing!"
Princess Luna says: "Yeah."
Princess Luna says: "Uh, f-fantastic."
Princess Luna says: "Best ever, really."
Princess Celestia says: "Yeah."
Princess Celestia says: "Me..."
Princess Celestia says: "too."
Princess Celestia says: "Mmm."
Princess Luna says: "You..."
Princess Luna says: "You can walk with me."
Princess Luna says: "You know, i-if you want, I mean."
Princess Celestia says: "Oh, well..."
Princess Luna says: "This is so beautiful."
Princess Luna says: "It must be amazing in the sunlight."
Princess Celestia says: "The night's pretty special, too."
Princess Celestia says: "Lucky star!"
Princess Luna says: "Lucky star!"
Princess Luna says: "You taught me to look for those when I was a filly."
Princess Celestia says: "Hope I wasn't too bossy doing it."
Princess Luna says: "You know, being with your sister all the time is hard, but being without her?"
Princess Luna says: "It's even harder."
Princess Celestia says: "I do know."
Princess Celestia says: "And I wouldn't trade you for any of the adventures on my list."
Princess Luna says: "Not even your zip line?"
Princess Celestia says: "Not even my zip line."
Princess Luna says: "I'm sorry I said those things before."
Princess Luna says: "Sometimes it's just tough being the little sister."
Princess Celestia says: "It's not always easy being the big sister either."
Princess Celestia says: "I'm sorry, too."
Princess Luna says: "The sun and the moon together?"
Princess Luna says: "At the same time?"
Princess Celestia says: "Now, where have I seen that before?"
Princess Celestia says: "You think maybe Twilight's having trouble with the amulet?"
Princess Luna says: "We should probably go help her."
Spike says: "Okay, okay!"
Spike says: "I think I got it!"
Spike says: "Sunburst says we just need to reset the amulet with this!"
Spike says: "Turn the screw on the back—"
Spike says: "..."
Spike says: "and no more than one half turn."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Does anypony have some tape?!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "!"