Apple Bloom says: "Okay, Crusaders!"
Apple Bloom says: "Back to the business of earnin' our cutie marks!"
Apple Bloom says: "Any suggestions?"
Scootaloo says: "No, we've tried everything!"
Sweetie Belle says: "We've run out of ideas."
Apple Bloom says: "Are you kiddin' me, Crusaders?"
Apple Bloom says: "We can do better than that!"
Apple Bloom.
We've been searchin' for our cutie marks.
For a while now.
Tryin' to find out how we fit in.
So many ways we've tried before.
But we keep on tryin' more.
Cutie Mark Crusaders.
We'll make our mark.
One way or another.
We'll make our mark.
On the day that we discover.
The ultimate reward of our cutie marks!
Apple Bloom says: "Now, that's more like it!"
Pipsqueak says: "Cutie Mark Crusaders!"
Pipsqueak says: "Help!"
Apple Bloom says: "What's wrong, Pipsqueak?"
Pipsqueak says: "I'm running for student pony president, I was hoping you three would be my campaign managers!"
Apple Bloom says: "We've never tried gettin' our cutie marks in campaign managin'!"
Apple Bloom says: "What do ya say, Crusaders?"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "Yeah!"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "Hoof!"
Apple Bloom says: "So, Pip, how would you help the school if you were elected student pony president?"
Pipsqueak says: "Our playground equipment took quite a beating during Twilight's battle with Tirek!"
Pipsqueak says: "If I'm voted in as student pony president, I'll go to the school board and right this wrong!"
Diamond Tiara says: "Well, I think that's a ridiculous waste of money!"
Diamond Tiara says: "It's just like when Twist proposed to repair the window that Discord destroyed!"
Diamond Tiara says: "She just wanted to repair it like a plain old schoolhouse window."
Diamond Tiara says: "But you all know voting for me was the best choice because I convinced the school board to give that window visual appeal!"
Apple Bloom says: "'Course, it doesn't hurt that her mother Spoiled Rich is president of the school board."
Silver Spoon says: "Exactly!"
Silver Spoon says: "Which is why when Diamond Tiara is voted student pony president, the school will be putting a statue of her in the center of our schoolyard!"
Diamond Tiara says: "Silver Spoon!"
Diamond Tiara says: "That was my big announcement for when I won!"
Silver Spoon says: "I was only trying to help."
Diamond Tiara says: "I don't need that kind of help!"
Apple Bloom says: "Haven't we all had enough of Diamond Tiara?"
Scootaloo says: "Do we really need a big statue of her?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Especially where our playground equipment should be?"
Pipsqueak says: "A vote for Pip is a vote for the playground!"
Diamond Tiara says: "A vote for Diamond Tiara is a vote for more Diamond Tiara!"
Cutie Mark Crusaders.
It's time to make a change.
This is our chance.
Don't be afraid to do what's right.
He's it! Vote for Pip!
We got an opportunity.
To have fun again.
A vote for Pip, and you can join the fight.
It's time for a new leader.
It's time to make a change.
We're here to fight for what we believe.
Vote for Pip!
It's finally time we beat her.
And play a better game.
There's nothing that we can't achieve.
Diamond Tiara.
I don't believe what I am hearing.
I'm the only one you should be cheering.
Pipsqueak? Try "Pip's weak!" Don't you think?
But a diamond is perfection.
It's natural selection.
So your vote better be for me, not the weakest link.
Apple Bloom says: "We'll let the votin' decide!"
Diamond Tiara.
Everypony has their little secrets.
I know you do.
A vote for me will help you keep them safe.
Like your creepy super strength!
Or your mane extension.
A little thing I won't mention.
Or those freakish large teeth in your face!
Apple Bloom says: "Come on now, ponies!"
Apple Bloom says: "Don't listen to her!"
Cutie Mark Crusaders.
You've gotta vote for change.
It's time for a new leader.
End all the tyranny.
Vote now and we can beat her.
It's now another day.
And we believe in what's right.
Foals.
Vote for Pip! Vote for Pip!
Cutie Mark Crusaders.
Our victory is in sight.
Diamond Tiara says: "Stop!"
Diamond Tiara says: "Everypony who hasn't voted, listen up!"
Pip makes promises he can't keep.
But I can do more.
You could really use a new bookbag.
That none of you here can afford.
To do, like, ever!
Wouldn't you like a little something sweet?
Here's a parasol to hide you from the heat.
Who says that I can't be nice?
But first there's one thing.
An itsy-bitsy little string.
And voting for me is the price!
Silver Spoon.
I've a tiny suggestion.
That you should be aware.
You could probably win this election.
If you show them all you real—.
Diamond Tiara says: "I don't recall asking you to speak!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Well, if that's how you treat your best friend, then I choose Pipsqueak!"
Foals.
Vote!
Cutie Mark Crusaders.
Stand strong and don't be afraid, ponies.
Let's free ourselves from the past.
Foals.
For Pip!
Vote!
Foals.
He's it! Vote for Pip! Vote!
Cutie Mark Crusaders.
We'll let honor win out against the tyranny.
And make a change that will last.
Foals.
For Pip!
Vote!
Foals.
Vote for Pip!
Cutie Mark Crusaders.
It's time for a new leader.
It's time to make a change.
We're here to fight for what we believe.
Foals.
Vote for Pip!
Cutie Mark Crusaders.
It's finally time we beat her.
And play a better game.
There's nothing that we can't achieve.
Foals.
Vote for Pip!
Cheerilee says: "The votes have been counted!"
Cheerilee says: "The student pony president is..."
Cheerilee says: "Pipsqueak!"
Diamond Tiara says: "Huh?!"
Diamond Tiara says: "!"
Apple Bloom says: "Oh, my gosh, Crusaders!"
Apple Bloom says: "Pip won!"
Pipsqueak says: "I couldn't have won without the hard work of my campaign managers, the Cutie Mark Crusaders!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Campaign manager cutie marks!"
Diamond Tiara says: "Guess you're not as good as you thought, blank flanks!"
Diamond Tiara says: "In fact, I demand a recount!"
Cheerilee says: "Trust me, Diamond Tiara."
Cheerilee says: "Pip won."
Diamond Tiara says: "I'll be the judge of that, Miss Cheerilee!"
Diamond Tiara says: "What?!"
Diamond Tiara says: "!"
Diamond Tiara says: "One vote!"
Diamond Tiara says: "Silver Spoon!"
Diamond Tiara says: "You didn't vote for me?!"
Diamond Tiara says: "!"
Silver Spoon says: "No, I didn't."
Diamond Tiara says: "But you're my best friend!"
Silver Spoon says: "Am I?"
Silver Spoon says: "'Cause I tried to help by mentioning your 'surprise' statue, and suddenly I wasn't even allowed to speak!"
Silver Spoon says: "You could have actually won this election if you just listened to me."
Silver Spoon says: "You wanna know how?"
Silver Spoon says: "Sorry."
Silver Spoon says: "I'm not allowed to speak."
Silver Spoon says: "What?"
Silver Spoon says: "I don't have to follow her drama any more."
Apple Bloom says: "I know Diamond Tiara's been pretty awful, but..."
Apple Bloom says: "we should probably make sure she's okay."
Apple Bloom says: "Just 'cause she's never cared about anypony else's feelings doesn't mean we shouldn't care about hers."
Spoiled Rich says: "Diamond Tiara!"
Spoiled Rich says: "Why are you making that face?"
Spoiled Rich says: "That is not the face of a winner."
Diamond Tiara says: "Because..."
Diamond Tiara says: "I didn't win."
Spoiled Rich says: "What?!"
Spoiled Rich says: "!"
Spoiled Rich says: "You mean I hefted all these party supplies to celebrate nothing?!"
Spoiled Rich says: "!"
Diamond Tiara says: "Sorry, mother."
Spoiled Rich says: "It's bad enough you lost to that transplant from Trottingham, but imagine if you'd lost to one of those blank flanks."
Spoiled Rich says: "As a Rich pony, you must always think of your social standing."
Fancy Pants says: "Hm."
Spoiled Rich says: "That starts here in Ponyville and reaches all over Equestria."
Spoiled Rich says: "Don't ever forget that, Diamond Tiara."
Spoiled Rich says: "Ever!"
Diamond Tiara.
If I'm a diamond.
Then why do I feel so rough?
I'm as strong as a stone.
Even that's not enough.
There's something jagged in me.
And I've made such mistakes.
I thought that diamonds were hard.
Though I feel I could break.
Would you believe.
That I've always wished I could be somepony else?
Yet I can't see.
What I need to do to be the pony I want to be.
I've been told my whole life.
What to do, what to say.
Nopony showed me that.
There might be some better way.
And now I feel like I'm lost.
I don't know what to do.
The ground is sinking away.
I'm about to fall through.
Would you believe.
That I've always wished I could be somepony else?
Yet I can't see.
What I need to do to be the pony I want to be.
To be the pony I want to be.
Sweetie Belle says: "Is it weird that I feel bad for her?"
Scootaloo says: "If it is, then..."
Scootaloo says: "I'm weird, too."
Apple Bloom says: "She wants to change, but she doesn't know how."
Sweetie Belle says: "Seems like she could use a friend or two to help her figure it out."
Apple Bloom says: "Hey, Diamond Tiara!"
Apple Bloom says: "Wait up!"
Diamond Tiara says: "What do you three want?"
Diamond Tiara says: "To gloat?"
Diamond Tiara says: "Rub in my defeat?"
Apple Bloom says: "Actually, we wanted to invite you to our clubhouse to hang out."
Diamond Tiara says: "Really?"
Scootaloo says: "Yeah, for real!"
Diamond Tiara says: "Well, thanks to you all, I don't have any important class president business to attend to or anything."
Diamond Tiara says: "So I might as well."
Sweetie Belle says: "That sounds like a yes..."
Diamond Tiara says: "So, do you three just sit around here plotting out different ways to try and get your cutie marks?"
Apple Bloom says: "Actually, yeah."
Diamond Tiara says: "You three are..."
Diamond Tiara says: "really lucky."
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "We are?!"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "!"
Diamond Tiara says: "Yeah!"
Diamond Tiara says: "You get to explore all these options, learning who you really are before you're stuck with something you don't understand."
Apple Bloom says: "But..."
Apple Bloom says: "you've done that, right?"
Diamond Tiara says: "Yeah, 'cause I have my cutie mark!"
Diamond Tiara says: "And I'm not struggling at all to figure out who I'm supposed to be and what I'm supposed to be doing with this mark that's already on my flank!"
Apple Bloom says: "Uh..."
Apple Bloom says: "are you sure about that?"
Diamond Tiara says: "That's a weird question."
Sweetie Belle says: "Not really, since we kind of overheard you yesterday."
Diamond Tiara says: "Were you trying to get your cutie mark in spying?"
Diamond Tiara says: "Is that on your little chart?"
Sweetie Belle says: "No!"
Sweetie Belle says: "We were just worried about you when you lost the election, and then you lost your friend, and then your mom yelled at you..."
Apple Bloom says: "We know you wanna change, and we think we can—"
Pipsqueak says: "Help!"
Pipsqueak says: "Cutie Mark Crusaders!"
Pipsqueak says: "I was at the school board meeting and they didn't approve my request for the new playground equipment!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Why not?"
Pipsqueak says: "There's no money in the budget!"
Pipsqueak says: "So I checked my Peggy bank to see if I had enough bits, but my little Peggy wasn't nearly full enough!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Don't worry, Pip!"
Scootaloo says: "We'll meet you back at school."
Apple Bloom says: "And help you find a solution!"
Pipsqueak says: "Thanks, Cutie Mark Crusaders!"
Diamond Tiara says: "Oh, I already have a solution!"
Diamond Tiara says: "Our new student pony president is gonna be kicked out of office, and I'll be reinstated!"
Scootaloo says: "Where's she going?"
Apple Bloom says: "Where do you think?!"
Apple Bloom says: "!"
Apple Bloom says: "C'mon!"
Apple Bloom says: "After her!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Wait!"
Sweetie Belle says: "I'm coming too!"
Diamond Tiara.
Cutie Mark Crusaders, get out of my way.
Those ponies need to know the truth.
And they'll hear it from me.
Cutie Mark Crusaders.
Stop! Diamond Tiara, this is not the way.
You know you're better than this hostility.
Diamond Tiara.
You don't even know me at all.
Don't understand the meaning of my fall.
What my family would think if I ever.
Fail at anything.
I'm a diamond – that means you'll never break.
No matter what be the cost of the path I take.
Whatever I have to do to win in the end.
Cutie Mark Crusaders.
Stop! This is not the answer.
Wait! And it's plainly seen.
Listen! You can redeem yourself.
But by helping others, not by being mean.
We know you want friends who admire you.
You want to be the star with all the power too.
But there's a better way, there's a better wa-a-ay.
There's so much more still left to.
Learn about yourself.
See the light that shines in you.
We know you can be somepony else.
You can stop right now.
And try another start.
You'll finally free yourself from the dark.
And see the light.
And see the light of your cutie mark.
Diamond Tiara says: "Everypony, I have an announcement!"
Apple Bloom says: "Diamond Tiara!"
Apple Bloom says: "Think hard about the choice you're makin' right now!"
Scootaloo says: "You can be a better pony!"
Spoiled Rich says: "Diamond Tiara!"
Spoiled Rich says: "I just happened to be here for the school board meeting, and this is what I see when we adjourn?"
Spoiled Rich says: "My daughter associating with confused, insignificant lowlifes?"
Spoiled Rich says: "Socializing with their kind is not how you move up in Equestria!"
Spoiled Rich says: "Come, Diamond Tiara!"
Diamond Tiara says: "No, mother!"
Spoiled Rich says: "Excuse me?!"
Spoiled Rich says: "!"
Diamond Tiara says: "You've spent your life acting like a high horse and raised me to follow in your hoofprints!"
Diamond Tiara says: "At first I thought this was fine, but then I finally realized I wanted something you don't have – friends!"
Spoiled Rich says: "That's enough, Diamond Tiara!"
Spoiled Rich says: "Step away from those blank flanks!"
Diamond Tiara says: "These are the Cutie Mark Crusaders, and they are my friends!"
Diamond Tiara says: "You need to stop calling them such mean and hurtful names!"
Diamond Tiara says: "They are working harder to get their cutie marks than anypony I've ever seen!"
Diamond Tiara says: "And they will get them exactly when they discover their true talent, which I guarantee will be amazing!"
Diamond Tiara says: "Now, will you please deliver this to father?"
Spoiled Rich says: "Yes, of course, dear..."
Diamond Tiara says: "I have to thank you, Crusaders."
Diamond Tiara says: "Obviously, I've known since I got my cutie mark that my talent is getting other ponies to do what I want."
Diamond Tiara says: "I just asked my father if he could donate the money for the new playground equipment!"
Diamond Tiara says: "I knew you were worried for a second there, weren't you?"
Diamond Tiara says: "Ha!"
Diamond Tiara says: "Well, I think it's all gonna work out just fine, Mister President!"
Diamond Tiara.
We'll build a playground.
For all of us to enjoy.
So full of games.
There's enough for each girl and boy.
I want to help and do.
Everything that I can.
I'm here to show you I changed.
Listen up, here's the plan.
Bring it in! That's right, keep it coming! Hey there, you with the amazing strength. Can you help them move that merry-go-round across the lawn? Thank you so much! And you with the super teeth, we need you to help with that teeter-totter. You got it! That's the spirit!
There's so much I can do.
To help everypony else.
I see the light that shines in me.
I know I can be my better self.
I can free the past.
My cutie mark has set me free.
To do what's right and be the pony I want to be.
And be the pony I want to be!
Apple Bloom says: "I've been thinkin', Crusaders."
Apple Bloom says: "We spend an awful lot of time fussin' and frettin' tryin' to discover our true talent."
Apple Bloom says: "But when we take a little time off, we end up helpin' other ponies figure out their true talent!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Yeah, and I think that's way more important than worrying about our cutie marks, don't you?"
Scootaloo says: "Absolutely!"
Scootaloo says: "I don't care if I ever get my cutie mark as long as I get to hang out with my best friends."
Apple Bloom says: "So what do you say, Crusaders?"
Apple Bloom says: "Want to just focus on helpin' others find their cutie marks?"
Scootaloo says: "Yeah!"
Sweetie Belle says: "Yeah!"
Sweetie Belle says: "What happened?"
Apple Bloom says: "What's goin' on?"
Diamond Tiara says: "It's your cutie marks!"
Diamond Tiara says: "They're amazing!"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "We all got the same cutie mark!"
Cutie Mark Crusaders says: "Cutie Mark Crusaders forever!"
Cutie Mark Crusaders.
We were searching for our cutie marks.
For a while there.
Trying to find out how we fit in.
So many ways we've tried before.
But we kept on trying more.
Scootaloo.
Now we know what it took all along.
Sweetie Belle.
And our journey here is never really done.
Apple Bloom.
For it is more than just a mark.
It's a place for us to start.
Cutie Mark Crusaders.
An adventure that has only just begun.
We'll make our mark.
Show the world what we can do.
We'll make our mark.
Helping fillies to break through.
To the ultimate reward of a cutie mark.
Pinkie Pie says: "All right, everypony!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Get ready for the biggest cute-ceañera celebration ever!"
Applejack says: "Oh, sugarcube, if Mom and Dad were here, they'd be so proud of ya."
Apple Bloom says: "Oh..."
Apple Bloom says: "Thanks, Applejack."
Applejack says: "Now go on and party with your pals."
Rainbow Dash.
I'm so proud of you, little buddy.
You've taught me a thing or two.
Rarity.
You've inspired everypony around you.
And you've inspired me too.
Rainbow Dash, Rarity, and Applejack.
You've made your mark.
Done Equestria so proud.
You've made your mark.
And we're here to sing it loud.
For the ultimate reward of your cutie mark.
Apple Bloom says: "Well, what do you think, Crusaders?"
Apple Bloom says: "Were these cutie marks totally worth waiting for or what?"
Sweetie Belle says: "Yeah!"
Sweetie Belle says: "I can't wait to see who we're gonna help next!"
Cutie Mark Crusaders.
We started out just three.
Crusaders driven to see.
What we find in our hearts.
Discover our destiny.
And here we are, best friends.
About to start it again.
An adventure that never will end.
We'll make our mark.
Helping fillies most in need.
We'll make our mark.
So each one of them succeeds.