Future Spike says: "I got here as soon as I could, but friendship ambassador is a full time job these days."
Future Spike says: "Making peace between Abyssinians and the Diamond Dogs has not been easy."
Future Twilight Sparkle says: "That's why I picked you for the job."
Future Twilight Sparkle says: "But I'm glad you could come."
Future Spike says: "So what's the emergency?"
Future Twilight Sparkle says: "Ever since I took over Celestia's School, my focus has been on teaching magic."
Future Twilight Sparkle says: "But now it seems my top student has missed the most important lesson of all."
Future Spike says: "What do you mean?"
Future Twilight Sparkle says: "Let's just say it'll be good to have my royal advisor and friendship ambassador by my side."
Future Gallus says: "Your Majesty, she's here."
Future Twilight Sparkle says: "Send her in, Gallus."
Luster Dawn says: "Your Majesty."
Future Twilight Sparkle says: "Luster, I may be ruler of Equestria, but I'm still just your teacher."
Luster Dawn says: "And you've been wonderful."
Luster Dawn says: "I've enjoyed every moment at the School of Magic."
Luster Dawn says: "But I'm just not sure it's the right place for me."
Future Twilight Sparkle says: "I see."
Luster Dawn says: "And it's not the work."
Luster Dawn says: "I could spend weeks in the library doing research."
Luster Dawn says: "It's just that there's a lot of focus on making friends."
Future Spike says: "If that's your problem, you've come to the right place."
Luster Dawn says: "But that's just it."
Luster Dawn says: "I don't want to make friends."
Future Spike says: "What?!"
Future Spike says: "!"
Future Twilight Sparkle says: "So you'd rather leave the School of Magic than make friends?"
Luster Dawn says: "I was hoping to set up an independent course of study."
Luster Dawn says: "I want to accomplish as much as you have someday."
Future Spike says: "It'll be hard to do that without friends."
Luster Dawn says: "I'm not so sure."
Luster Dawn says: "Friendship looks like more of a distraction than anything else and ultimately a waste of time."
Future Spike says: "What?!"
Future Spike says: "!"
Luster Dawn says: "I know you and your friends accomplished a lot together, but that was so long ago, and as far as I can see, you rule by yourself now."
Future Spike says: "Uh, hello?"
Future Spike says: "Royal advisor right here."
Luster Dawn says: "And I don't think there's anything wrong with that."
Luster Dawn says: "In fact, I think it's better."
Luster Dawn says: "Plus, if friendships ultimately fade, why even make them in the first place?"
Future Twilight Sparkle says: "You know what, Luster Dawn?"
Future Twilight Sparkle says: "You're right."
Future Spike says: "WHAT?!"
Future Spike says: "!"
Future Spike says: "Friendship is more trouble than it's worth?!"
Future Spike says: "!"
Future Spike says: "This is your top student?"
Future Twilight Sparkle says: "Friendships take work, and there's no guarantee they'll last."
Future Twilight Sparkle says: "They can be complicated."
Future Twilight Sparkle says: "They can be messy."
Future Twilight Sparkle says: "And they never go the way you plan."
Future Twilight Sparkle says: "Friendship is a hard thing to navigate."
Future Twilight Sparkle says: "I remember the first time I realized it might not last forever."
Spike says: "Twilight?"
Spike says: "Uh, I'm pretty sure that's everything."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm just doing a final check, Spike."
Spike says: "But we did a final check."
Spike says: "Of every room."
Spike says: "Twice."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Ah-ha!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "See?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "An issue of Power Ponies."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Now, aren't you glad we triple-checked?"
Spike says: "Thanks, but I already read this one."
Spike says: "I don't need to take it to Canterlot."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No-no-no!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You love Power Ponies."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're taking it."
Spike says: "Really, Twilight, we don't have to bring the comic."
Spike says: "I'm not even sure how much longer I'll collect them."
Spike says: "A lot is changing, and I am getting older."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just because things change doesn't mean you leave everything you love behind!"
Spike says: "You're not still worried about ruling Equestria, are you?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "No."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know it took some time, but I've never been more ready for anything in my life."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just because I'm ready to sit on the throne in Canterlot, doesn't mean I'm ready to leave Ponyville."
Twilight Sparkle says: "When we were all fighting to save Equestria from Tirek, Chrysalis, and Cozy Glow, I was too busy to think about it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But now it's all happening at once."
Spike says: "What is?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "The coronation."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Moving."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Leaving our friends."
Spike says: "I thought we'd all be ruling Equestria together."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Of course we will, but it won't be the same."
Twilight Sparkle says: "They all have lives here."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're moving away and they're not, and I can't help but feel like we're leaving them behind."
Twilight Sparkle says: "What if we all just drift apart?"
Spike says: "I guess I hadn't thought about it like that."
Spike says: "Maybe you should talk to them."
Spike says: "I bet they're feeling the same way."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're right, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thanks."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sometimes talking to a good friend is all it takes."
Twilight Sparkle says: "So, you're not worried about how things might change with me living in Canterlot?"
Applejack says: "Of course not."
Applejack says: "Change is natural, like the seasons."
Applejack says: "That's just life on the farm."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I guess so."
Applejack says: "Anyhoo, I really need to get all these boxes packed and sorted."
Applejack says: "There's a lot more work now that the folks beyond Equestria are comin' to the coronation, too."
Pinkie Pie says: "Worried?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Pfft!"
Pinkie Pie says: "No way!"
Pinkie Pie says: "Unless you're talking about the coronation, because then yes."
Pinkie Pie says: "Obviously the cakes are handled, but there's the whole rest of the party to stay on top of."
Pinkie Pie says: "And honestly, I'm not convinced Gummy really took care of the fireworks."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But what about after the coronation?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Don't you think things are gonna be different?"
Pinkie Pie says: "Well, since I'll be in charge of all the Canterlot galas from now on, I'll have to go there a lot more."
Pinkie Pie says: "So I guess that's different, but I don't think I mind."
Twilight Sparkle says: "No."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Of course not."
Fluttershy says: "Wonderful work, everyone!"
Fluttershy says: "We couldn't be more ready."
Fluttershy says: "Josephine, if you and the rest of the doves leave now, we should all arrive in Canterlot at the same time."
Fluttershy says: "Eloise and Hubert, you should go, too."
Fluttershy says: "I know it's a long way, but don't worry."
Fluttershy says: "I'll bring plenty of snacks to restore your energy before we perform."
Fluttershy says: "Everyone else gets to ride since the trip's too much for your little wings."
Fluttershy says: "We need everyone in tip-top shape for the coronation."
Fluttershy says: "I'm glad we got the chance for one last rehearsal."
Fluttershy says: "Everyone's so excited."
Fluttershy says: "But I can't imagine anypony's more excited than you."
Fluttershy says: "Moving to Canterlot."
Fluttershy says: "Being crowned."
Fluttershy says: "I can't think of a single bad thing about any of it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Yeah."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Me, neither."
Rainbow Dash says: "In three, two, one, and..."
Spitfire says: "Look, Rainbow Dash."
Spitfire says: "I know this is important to you, and we all want the routine to be special, but are you sure it needs to be this complicated?"
Rainbow Dash says: "Of course!"
Rainbow Dash says: "And I know we can pull it off!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Sorry, Twilight."
Rainbow Dash says: "I don't have time to talk."
Rainbow Dash says: "We've got a lot more work to do before the coronation."
Rarity says: "Darling, change is an integral part of fashion."
Rarity says: "I myself am considering opening boutiques for non-ponies."
Rarity says: "Things must evolve, or they become stale."
Rarity says: "For example..."
Rarity says: "I was just struck with a sudden inspiration to change my design for your gown by including the webs of these star spiders."
Rarity says: "They glow for a short while after they're spun."
Rarity says: "They won't have much time to weave the sash, but the effect will be dazzling."
Rarity says: "You see, darling?"
Rarity says: "Change can be fabulous if you embrace it!"
Spike says: "Starlight is supposed to come over soon."
Spike says: "There's a little something we wanted to give you before we leave."
Spike says: "You know what?"
Spike says: "I think you're right, Twilight."
Spike says: "I should take my comics to Canterlot."
Spike says: "We can't leave the Power Ponies behind."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I don't think the Power Ponies care, Spike."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Just like all of our friends."
Applejack says: "All right, Twilight."
Applejack says: "Are you ready?"
Applejack says: "We all wanted to see you off, but there's still a lot to do."
Spike says: "Aren't you coming on the train?"
Applejack says: "I gotta go with Big Mac so we can go over our packin' list or we won't know who gets what deliveries."
Rainbow Dash says: "And I'm gonna meet the Wonderbolts so we can go over the routine one last time."
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm going with Gummy."
Pinkie Pie says: "He said he knows when the fireworks display should start, but does anypony really believe that?!"
Pinkie Pie says: "!"
Fluttershy says: "And I still need to pick up food for the swans and doves who flew ahead to Canterlot."
Fluttershy says: "If I don't get them fed, they'll be too pooped to perform."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, I'll be living in Canterlot alone."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Might as well take the train alone, too."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Bye, I guess."
Rarity says: "Oh, you won't be traveling alone, darling."
Rarity says: "I'll have just enough time on the train to weave the star spider sash for your gown."
Rarity says: "But we should leave now."
Rarity says: "There's no time to dawdle if you want the coronation to be perfect."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That's the problem!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're all so worried about making my coronation perfect, but I'm leaving Ponyville and none of you even care!"
Luster Dawn says: "Exactly."
Luster Dawn says: "You moved away, your friends didn't care, and that was that."
Future Twilight Sparkle says: "Actually, not exactly."
Applejack says: "Of course we care that you're movin', Twilight."
Fluttershy says: "I can't believe you'd think we don't."
Pinkie Pie says: "What could possibly make you think that?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I tried to talk to you all about how I was feeling, but you seemed more worried about what you had to do for the coronation."
Spike says: "It's true."
Spike says: "I was there."
Rarity says: "I suppose it gave us something else to focus on."
Applejack says: "I knew you were worried about everything changin'."
Applejack says: "I guess I thought if I made it seem like everything was okay, it would be."
Fluttershy says: "I was just trying to make you feel better."
Fluttershy says: "That way I wouldn't feel so terrible."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Before I moved to Ponyville, I didn't really know what friendship was."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You've all taught me so much."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I can't believe it all might be ending."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But when I imagine the future, all I can think about is that we won't be together!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I'm literally moving away from you, and it's terrifying!"
Fluttershy says: "I'm scared, too."
Pinkie Pie says: "Me, too."
Rarity says: "Rattled to the core."
Applejack says: "Eeyup."
Rainbow Dash says: "I wouldn't say scared."
Rainbow Dash says: "Buuuut just because I won't say it doesn't mean I don't feel it."
Pinkie Pie says: "I'm going to miss you so much!"
Rarity says: "I just can't stop thinking about how much things are going to change!"
Rainbow Dash says: "W..."
Rainbow Dash says: "What if we don't see each other?"
Fluttershy says: "What if we don't talk as much?"
Applejack says: "What if we don't stay friends?!"
Applejack says: "!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "I know it's weird, but knowing you're all are as upset as I am actually makes me less worried."
Spike says: "That's nice, but you should be more worried about missing the train to Canterlot!"
Starlight Glimmer says: "Sorry, I'm so late."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I actually thought I'd missed you—"
Spike says: "There's no time!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Oh, no!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "We missed it!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "But maybe..."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Okay."
Twilight Sparkle says: "We're on the train."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Everything should be fine, right?"
Rarity says: "I'd worked out exactly how much time I needed to weave my star spider sash, and now I'm behind!"
Applejack says: "I hope Big Mac can figure out who gets what deliveries on his own."
Savoir Fare says: "I assume these contain the finest sparkling apple juice?"
Big McIntosh says: "Eeyup!"
Baker Pony says: "Ah, the Sweet Apple Acres applesauce for my coronation parfait!"
Baker Pony says: "This is, uh, the applesauce?"
Big McIntosh says: "Uhhh..."
Big McIntosh says: "eeyup?"
Fluttershy says: "I don't have the snacks the doves and swans will need to perform after their long flight."
Fluttershy says: "I'd better find the food car."
Rainbow Dash says: "And I need to meet the Wonderbolts!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Where's the coronation team?"
Janitor Pony says: "Well, they waited, but when you didn't show, they thought you must've meant to meet outside of Canterlot."
Pinkie Pie says: "The only thing I'm worried about is Gummy handling the fireworks display."
Pinkie Pie says: "But I'm sure it's fine."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Well, it could always be worse."
Princess Luna says: "Goodness, Twilight."
Princess Luna says: "Are you all right?"
Twilight Sparkle says: "My friends and I had a few hiccups on the way."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But everything's fine now."
Princess Celestia says: "We really are both just so proud of you."
Princess Celestia says: "If you need a moment, that's all right."
Princess Celestia says: "It is your coronation."
Princess Luna says: "Although it would be nice to get started."
Princess Luna says: "Are you ready?"
Rarity says: "NO!"
Rarity says: "She can't possibly be crowned without wearing her coronation gown!"
Princess Celestia says: "Very well."
Princess Celestia says: "Citizens of Equestria and beyond!"
Princess Celestia says: "My sister and I have ruled this land for quite some time, but even we know that change eventually comes to us all."
Princess Celestia says: "And though we know it can be unsettling, it's as natural as the rising and setting of the sun and the moon."
Princess Celestia says: "Both of which my sister and I feel confident leaving in the hooves of the pony who will come after us."
Rarity says: "You look amazing."
Rarity says: "Ooh!"
Rarity says: "I almost forgot!"
Princess Celestia says: "And so without further ado, I give you the new ruler of Equestria - Princess Twilight Sparkle!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Sorry."
Princess Luna says: "Um, Twilight?"
Fluttershy says: "Oh, dear."
Fluttershy says: "I know these aren't the snacks I promised, but it's all I could find."
Spitfire says: "Well, Dash or no Dash, Twilight's about to get that crown."
Spitfire says: "Wonderbolts, roll out!"
Rainbow Dash says: "No!"
Rainbow Dash says: "Wait!"
Twilight Sparkle says: "Aah!"
Applejack says: "To Twilight!"
Princess Luna says: "Hmm."
Princess Luna says: "Close enough."
Luster Dawn says: "Okay, I get it now."
Luster Dawn says: "Your coronation was such a disaster that you and your friends never really recovered, and that's why you all drifted apart."
Future Spike says: "Well, you're half right."
Luster Dawn says: "So the coronation wasn't a disaster and your friendships just faded away over time?"
Future Twilight Sparkle says: "Not exactly."
Future Pinkie Pie says: "Sorry I'm late."
Future Pinkie Pie says: "But it is so hard to find a sitter with a sense of humor for Li'l Cheese."
Boneless 6 squeaking.
Future Rarity says: "Honestly, I would have been here sooner, but you would not believe how busy Yakyakistan is these days."
Future Rainbow Dash says: "Maybe we could get to places on time if you let me do some of the chores instead of always doing everything yourself."
Future Applejack says: "Maybe I would if you did them the right way."
Future Applejack says: "Oh."
Future Applejack says: "Sorry."
Future Applejack says: "We're not the last ones, are we?"
Future Fluttershy says: "Discord's headed to an O&O convention or he'd be joining us."
Luster Dawn says: "I just assumed that since you all aren't together all the time now—"
Future Twilight Sparkle says: "That we aren't friends?"
Future Twilight Sparkle says: "That is not the point of my story."
Future Twilight Sparkle says: "It's true my coronation was a disaster."
Pinkie Pie says: "Well, at least the coronation is over."
Twilight Sparkle says: "That was something."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I was just about to say the same thing."
Starlight Glimmer says: "I know maybe it wasn't the coronation you planned, but it's good to see all of you laughing."
Spike says: "We wanted to give this to you before you left Ponyville, but things got a little hectic."
Starlight Glimmer says: "Since you're moving away, we thought if you missed any of us or Ponyville, this might help."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Awww."
Pinkie Pie says: "It's a book of memories."
Applejack says: "And we all chipped in some."
Fluttershy says: "No matter how much things change, you'll always have this to look back on."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I love it."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thank you so much."
Twilight Sparkle says: "But I don't want to only look back."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Obviously the coronation wasn't perfect, but that doesn't matter."
Twilight Sparkle says: "It's our relationships that really count, and we have to maintain them."
Rarity says: "But now that we'll be living in different places, I'm not exactly sure how."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I am."
Twilight Sparkle says: "I suggest we meet once a moon."
Twilight Sparkle says: "In fact, my first royal decree as ruler of Equestria is to establish this Council of Friendship!"
Princess Celestia says: "And what a wonderful decree it is!"
Princess Luna says: "We always knew that whatever adversity you faced, you and your friends would find your way through it together."
Princess Celestia says: "We know Equestria is in the perfect hooves with you and your friends looking out for it."
Princess Celestia says: "And while we'll always be here if you need us, it's time for us to be on our way."
Twilight Sparkle says: "You're leaving?"
Princess Luna says: "We hope you'll come and visit us in Silver Shoals."
Princess Celestia says: "But now it's time for you to rule on your own."
Princess Celestia says: "You're all more than capable."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Thank you."
Twilight Sparkle says: "For everything."
Twilight Sparkle says: "Mmmm!"
Luster Dawn says: "So, even though everything changed and you moved away from your friends, you didn't grow apart?"
Luster Dawn says: "And this is the Council of Friendship?"
Luster Dawn says: "That's what you're all doing here?"
Future Rainbow Dash says: "Duh!"
Future Rainbow Dash says: "This time every moon."
Future Applejack says: "What she means is this is how we've been rulin' together."
Future Rarity says: "And how we've continued to face every problem and threat to Equestria over the years."
Future Pinkie Pie says: "But mostly, it's how we keep in touch."
Future Pinkie Pie says: "No matter how busy life gets."
Future Twilight Sparkle says: "Sometimes friendships can be hard, and it takes work to maintain them."
Future Twilight Sparkle says: "But without friends, things can be a lot harder."
Luster Dawn says: "I never thought about friendship being something to work at, and I don't mind work."
Luster Dawn says: "I guess if they don't have to fade away, maybe making friends isn't the waste of time I thought."
Luster Dawn says: "But I've been so focused on my studies, I wouldn't know where to start."
Future Twilight Sparkle says: "That's all right, because I know exactly where to send you."
Future Twilight Sparkle.
When I started out, I was unsure.
I thought I knew all that I needed, didn't know what to expect.
But when my walls came down, I saw the truth.
All along something was missing.
And I think you'll see it, too.
This is where the magic happens.
This is where the magic lives.
Our friendships weave together stronger.
The bonds grow deeper, lasting longer.
And the greatest spell you'll know.
Is how the Magic of Friendship grows.
Future Pinkie Pie.
And no matter how much time goes by.
The party will still be here with some fun new games to try.
Future Rainbow Dash.
Big adventure's waiting obviously.
Long as we're still here together.
We'll be flying happily.
Twilight, Pinkie Pie, and Rainbow Dash.
This is where the magic happens where the magic happens.
This is where the magic lives where the magic lives.
Our friendships weave together stronger.
The bonds grow deeper, lasting longer.
And the greatest spell there is.
What the Magic of Friendship gives.
Future Applejack.
And it's somethin' true to pass on down.
To generations yet to come.
Future Rarity.
And we'll never stop believing in.
The generosity of the friendships we've won.
Future Fluttershy.
And because the love that I feel.
For every single living creature is something that is real.
Friendship happens so naturally.
Future Twilight Sparkle.
Oh, and how I used to wonder.
Choir.
Ahhh-ahhh-ahhh...
Future Twilight Sparkle.
What friendship could be!
All.
This is where the magic happens where the magic happens.
This is where the magic lives where the magic lives.
Our friendships weave together stronger.
The bonds grow deeper, lasting longer.
And the greatest spell you'll know you'll know.
Is how the Magic of Friendship grows.
Future Twilight Sparkle.
How the Magic of Friendship grows.
THE END.