Glimmer says: "{cheers} Oh!"
Glimmer says: "I missed this."
Catra says: "Really?"
Catra says: "'Cause I could stand to never do it again."
Wrong Hordak looks at the sun.
Wrong Hordak says: "{gasps} This place is a true blessing."
Wrong Hordak says: "What is this tingling sensation?"
Bow says: "That's warmth, buddy."
Bow says: "Welcome to a living planet."
Adora says: "Hey, I think you guys should take a look at this."
Glimmer peers through bushes and spots the camp.
Glimmer says: "{gasps} No."
Glimmer says: "Where is everyone?"
Adora says: "There was a fight."
Entrapta says: "Makes sense."
Entrapta says: "Perfuma said the Rebellion was compromised."
Entrapta says: "If someone in camp got chipped and went after the rest, it would've been chaos."
They hurry into camp. Adora finds a helmet on the ground and picks it up.
Bow says: "Adora, what if--?"
Bow says: "What if there's no one left?"
Adora says: "We don't know that."
Adora says: "They might have just moved camp."
Adora says: "Wherever they are, we need to find them."
Glimmer says: "Maybe they went back to Bright Moon?"
Glimmer says: "Or maybe my dad took them to hide out in Mystacor?"
Catra says: "We can't just traipse into your old hangouts and play nice with your pals."
Catra says: "We don't know who's chipped."
Glimmer says: "Wow, you don't trust the Princesses?"
Glimmer says: "I am shocked."
Entrapta says: "Really?"
Entrapta says: "That seems very in character for her."
Adora says: "Catra's right."
Adora says: "We should gather intel first so we don't fall into a trap."
Bow says: "Erelandia is the closest village to camp."
Bow says: "Maybe someone there knows what happened."
Glimmer says: "I'm on it."
Glimmer teleports them.
Catra says: "How about a warning next time?"
Glimmer says: "{chuckles} Sorry."
Glimmer says: "Welcome to..."
Horde clones guard the village.
Glimmer says: "Erelandia."
Prime's ships hover overhead.
Theme Song.
On Horde Prime's ship, Prime watches footage of battles on a screen.
Horde Prime says: "How many now?"
Clone says: "At least a dozen occupied planets."
Clone says: "We are stamping out the dissidents, but their message is spreading."
Clone says: "They say they are revolting against the Horde in the name of..."
Clone says: "the Rebellion..."
Clone says: "and..."
Clone says: "of She-Ra."
A clone glares.
Horde Prime says: "My heart aches for these misguided children."
Horde Prime says: "Now more than ever, I am assured of my plan to use the Heart of Etheria to bring peace to all the universe."
Horde Prime says: "But without She-Ra, we must find another way to activate it."
Horde Prime says: "Find the dissenters and make an example of them."
Horde Prime says: "It is time to crush this spark of rebellion for good."
Horde Prime says: "Send word to our dear sister on Etheria."
An Image of Spinnerella appears on the screen.
Adora dawns a cloak.
Adora says: "The townspeople might be able to tell us what happened to the Rebellion, but we need to keep a low profile."
Adora says: "We should be able to avoid detection as long as we stick with Wrong Hordak."
Adora says: "Let's go."
Wrong Hordak leads them across a bridge towards the village. Horde guards are standing outside the front gates and Adora, Glimmer, Catra, Bow, and Entrapta all wear capes and hoods.
Wrong Hordak says: "Brother, uh, I hope you, too, are full only of love for Horde Prime and have no crippling doubt eating at your soul."
They sneak through the gate.
Clone says: "Glory be to Horde Prime."
Wrong Hordak says: "Ah..."
Wrong Hordak hurries after them.
Entrapta says: "Nice job, Wrong Hordak."
Entrapta says: "You blend right in."
Wrong Hordak says: "You appear to have a facial tic."
Wrong Hordak says: "Is it cause for concern?"
Entrapta says: "Huh?"
Entrapta says: "Oh, I'm winking."
Entrapta says: "It signals unspoken intent behind my words."
Entrapta says: "In this case, our mutual deception of the Horde."
Entrapta says: "Now you try."
Wrong Hordak says: "Oh, expressing facial emotion is a privilege reserved only for Prime."
Entrapta says: "Which is exactly why you should do it."
Wrong Hordak says: "{grunting} Oh."
Entrapta says: "Now you've got it."
A creature with a mustache and mushroom like head approaches.
Adora says: "Oh, there's a local."
Adora says: "I'm gonna go talk to him."
Adora says: "Um, hi there."
Mushroom Man says: "I don't know anything."
Mushroom Man says: "Please, just let me go."
Mushroom Man says: "I was just trying to get home."
Adora says: "We're not going to hurt you."
Mushroom Man says: "{whimpers} Glory be to Horde Prime."
Mushroom Man says: "Glory be to Horde Prime."
Melog trips him.
Catra says: "Hmm."
Catra says: "No chip."
Catra says: "But something is making the locals real skittish."
Glimmer says: "You think?"
Catra says: "If these people are scared, they're more likely to sell us out to Prime than tell us anything useful."
Catra says: "We should just go."
Adora says: "Not until we find out if there's any sign of the Princesses here."
Bow says: "Leave this to me."
Bow says: "You may all have magical powers and alien pets, but what we need now is the team's resident regular guy."
Bow says: "They'll talk to me."
Bow says: "Hey there."
Bow says: "I'm just your average traveler passing through."
Bow says: "Would you mind if I asked you a few questions about your lovely town?"
Bow and Wrong Hordak sparkle.
Townsperson says: "Uh..."
Townsperson says: "what is it you want to know?"
Bow says: "Have you seen any Princesses around these parts?"
Townsperson says: "Princesses?"
Townsperson says: "Where?"
Bow says: "{yelps, then grunts} So, obviously, at least some of our friends were here recently and made an..."
Bow says: "impression."
Catra says: "A town that hates Princesses?"
Catra says: "Should I buy property here?"
Catra says: "Is what I would of said before I joined you."
Catra says: "Go, team."
Adora says: "We should split up and look around."
Adora says: "Whoever it was could still be close."
Adora says: "Catra, you take Entrapta and Melog."
Adora says: "Keep them safe, okay?"
Adora says: "Let's move out."
They head in opposite directions.
Bow says: "After everything the Rebellion's done for Etheria, how could people be afraid of the Princesses?"
Adora says: "We've been gone a while, Bow."
Adora says: "Things are worse here than when we left."
Adora says: "You can't blame people for being scared of..."
Mushroom Man says: "..."
Mushroom Man says: "suspicious dissenters."
Mushroom Man says: "They're over there."
The Mushroom Man talks to clones.
Adora says: "them..."
Adora says: "Cover for us, okay?"
Wrong Hordak says: "Yes, brother."
Adora says: "Did you just--?"
Adora says: "Did you just wind at me?"
Wrong Hordak says: "Brothers!"
Wrong Hordak says: "There is nothing to see here."
Wrong Hordak says: "Please move along."
Clones says: "Glory be to Horde Prime."
Shopkeeper says: "Oh, no."
Shopkeeper says: "I don't want any part of this."
Shopkeeper says: "You're wearing hooded cloaks."
Shopkeeper says: "It's highly suspicious."
Shopkeeper says: "Are you hiding form the Horde?"
Shopkeeper says: "I'll call for help."
Bow says: "No need for that."
Bow says: "We're just, uh..."
Bow says: "browsing."
The Shopkeeper glares. Adora and Glimmer look at a vest.
Bow says: "So..."
Bow says: "it seems like things have been pretty bad around here lately."
Shopkeeper says: "Things are bad everywhere."
Shopkeeper says: "We're all just trying to get through the day without any trouble."
Bow says: "So, what, you're all just giving up and letting Prime take over?"
Shopkeeper says: "Well, what else are we supposed to do?"
Adora says: "Bow, be cool."
Adora says: "Undercover, remember?"
Bow says: "Well, I'm just a completely objective third-party observer."
Bow says: "But Erelandia should join the Rebellion and fight back."
Adora says: "Oh, yeah."
Adora says: "That's nice."
Shopkeeper says: "{scoffs} The Rebellion?"
Shopkeeper says: "The Rebellion is on the Horde's side now."
Shopkeeper says: "If it's not clones attacking us, it's Princesses."
Glimmer says: "No."
Glimmer says: "No, it's not their fault."
Shopkeeper says: "Do you think that makes a difference to us?"
Glimmer says: "Well, there are still some Princesses fighting for Etheria."
Adora says: "Okay, well, there she is."
Shopkeeper says: "{gasps} Queen Glimmer, I--I--I'm sorry."
Shopkeeper says: "Please, I don't want any trouble."
Bow says: "We're not with the Horde."
Wrong Hordak says: "Someone is coming, brothers."
Wrong Hordak says: "Ah?"
Adora says: "That's not how winking works."
Adora says: "Is someone coming or not?"
The wall shatters and Spinnerella appears. Her eyes glow green. Adora scowls.
Catra and Melog perch in a tree.
Entrapta says: "Once I get these samples analyzed, we'll know if the Princesses were here in approximately four to six weeks."
Catra eyes a purple whirlwind.
Catra says: "Found them."
Bow, Glimmer and Adora spin in a purple tornado as Spinnerella holds her arms out, controlling the wind.
Entrapta says: "That's the windy one, right?"
Entrapta says: "Isn't she with us?"
Catra says: "Not anymore."
Adora says: "Spinnerella, this isn't you."
Adora says: "You have to fight the chip."
Spinnerella says: "My fight is over."
Spinnerella says: "Lord Prime has given me peace."
Spinnerella says: "It's time for you to join us."
Glimmer says: "Not..."
Glimmer says: "today."
They join hands and teleport off.
They land by Catra.
Adora says: "Prime really did it."
Adora says: "How--?"
Adora says: "How are we supposed to fight our own friends?"
Catra says: "It never stopped you before."
Spinnerella returns and cocks her fists. Netossa casts a net to shield them from her wind.
Netossa says: "Hey, guys, welcome back."
Spinerella is knocked back.
Spinnerella says: "Hello, beloved."
They battle. Netossa is knocked down.
Spinnerella flies up, then lands as Netossa scurries off.
Spinnerella conjures a tornado with chunks of wood.
Netossa says: "Spinny, don't."
Glimmer says: "We've gotta go."
Netossa says: "No."
Netossa says: "Wait!"
Glimmer teleports Netossa away.
Aboard Horde Prime's ship, the Hordak Clone walks across a hallway. He gazes at the purple diamond shaped piece of tech from Entrapta. Horde Prime appears behind him.
Horde Prime says: "Brother?"
Hordak says: "Yes, Lord Prime?"
Horde Prime says: "Come with me."
He follows.
Horde Prime says: "{sighs} There is something I am forgetting."
Horde Prime says: "It plays at the edges of my mind."
Horde Prime says: "Etheria."
Horde Prime says: "Long ago, I heard that name before, though it fell on different ears."
Horde Prime says: "Prepare the vessel."
Horde Prime says: "I must access the memories stored in this version."
The clone types on a keyboard in front of a tank, containing an ancient clone suspended in green liquid. Prime plugs into the tank and closes his eyes.
Horde Prime says: "The First Ones sought a new source of power of ancient worlds."
Horde Prime says: "Why?"
Horde Prime says: "Why bend themselves to the whims of magic and myth?"
The Hordak clone closes his eyes and has a flashback. He recalls the Fright Zone and his throne. He opens his eyes and gazes at Horde Prime scanning the tank. Hordak remembers his lab and Entrapta.
Horde Prime says: "The fools took their secrets with them when they died."
Horde Prime says: "But I will find another way."
Horde Prime says: "Is there something wrong, little brother?"
Hordak says: "It is an honor to bask in the glory of your former selves, Lord Prime."
Prime walks away.
In Etheria, Glimmer and Netossa join the others in the forest.
Netossa says: "What were you thinking?"
Bow says: "Netossa, I'm so glad you're okay."
Netossa says: "Why'd you do that?"
Netossa says: "I've been tracking Spinny for days."
Netossa says: "I almost had her."
Catra says: "Looked more like she almost had you."
Netossa says: "Catra?"
Netossa says: "Stand back."
Netossa says: "I'll handle this one."
Catra says: "What one?"
She traps Catra in a net and Melog morphs into a beast.
Adora says: "Netossa, it's a long story, but she's with us now."
Netossa says: "Really?"
Adora says: "Yeah."
Netossa removes the net and Catra flops on the ground.
Netossa says: "Watch out, a clone!"
Wrong Hordak says: "Uh..."
Adora says: "He's, uh---he's actually on our side, too."
Netossa says: "So, the only person I'm fighting here is..."
Netossa says: "my own wife?"
Adora says: "Netossa, what happened to everyone else?"
Netossa says: "They got Spinny first."
Netossa says: "And she got to the others."
Netossa says: "She chipped them."
Netossa says: "Mermista, Scorpia..."
Netossa says: "King Micah."
Netossa says: "Prime is forcing them to attack the people of Etheria, to attack us."
Netossa says: "The other Princesses are in hiding, trying to figure out what to do next, but I can't wait for them."
Netossa says: "All I know is, I have to get Spinnerella back."
Netossa says: "Whatever it takes."
Bow says: "We were gone."
Bow says: "We weren't here to help our friends."
Bow says: "And the people we were supposed to be fighting for have lost all hope in us."
Adora says: "Horde Prime tore our home apart."
Adora says: "He took our friends."
Adora says: "He's not gonna stop until he's taken everything from us."
There are tears in Adora's eyes. Netossa hangs her head and Entrapta and Wrong Hordak frown. Catra and Melog look down sadly and tears drip from Glimmer's eyes.
Glimmer says: "Netossa..."
Glimmer says: "I'm sorry."
Glimmer says: "We should've been there."
Glimmer says: "But we're here now and we're not giving up."
Glimmer says: "We've never faced greater odds than this."
Glimmer says: "But for everything Prime has thrown at us, he still hasn't managed to stop us."
The others look at her and smile.
Glimmer says: "We're going back for Spinnerella and for the people of Erelandia and to show Prime that Etheria's not done fighting yet."
Glimmer says: "We'll need everyone's help to pull this off."
Glimmer says: "So?"
Adora says: "We won't let Prime win this one."
Entrapta says: "I'm in."
Wrong Hordak says: "I am honored to fight beside you, brothers."
Catra says: "Sure."
Catra says: "Why not?"
Catra says: "I have some experience taking out Princesses."
They join their hands together. Netossa smiles.
Netossa says: "Thank you."
They teleport off.
In Erelandia, Spinnerella has the shopkeeper trapped in a whirlwind.
Shopkeeper says: "I swear I wasn't helping She-Ra."
Shopkeeper says: "I didn't even know it was her."
Spinnerella says: "Prime rewards honesty from his children."
Spinnerella says: "Tell us where she is and you will be absolved."
Wrong Hordak says: "The rebels have been sighted in the outskirts of the woods."
Wrong Hordak says: "Come at once."
Two clones follow Wrong Hordak out of the town gates.
Clone says: "Where are the rebels?"
Wrong Hordak says: "Right beside you."
Wrong Hordak says: "Ah?"
Glimmer pounces.
In the village, Bow hits Horde ships with arrows and they crash in front of the Mushroom Man, downing two clones.
Glimmer says: "Gotcha."
Catra says: "You're clear."
Glimmer teleports the Mushroom Man and Catra, Adora, and Netossa race forward. Catra downs a clone.
Catra says: "You go deal with Spinnerella."
Catra says: "We'll take care of the bots."
Adora says: "Be careful."
Catra says: "Always am."
Shopkeeper says: "Please, I have nothing to do with her."
Shopkeeper says: "You have to believe me."
Adora says: "The shopkeeper."
Adora says: "No wonder she didn't trust us."
Netossa stares at Spinnerella.
Netossa says: "Adora, what if..."
Netossa says: "she can't come back from this?"
Adora says: "She's still in there."
Adora says: "She needs you to remind her who she is."
Adora says: "And we need to remind Prime who we are."
Adora says: "For the honor of Grayskull!"
A sword appears and Adora grips it. Light beams from the blade and surrounds her in a shimmery glow. The golden light runs up Adora's legs and winged boots cover her feet. As she transforms into She-Ra, she wears a white and gold uniform and a golden crown surrounds her flowing long hair. She-Ra raises the sword overhead and a burst of golden light circles around her. She stands on the ground and Netossa is wide-eyed.
Netossa says: "{whistles} New look?"
She-Ra glances back with a grin.
Netossa says: "Spinnerella!"
Spinnerella says: "Welcome back, beloved."
Glimmer teleports the shopkeeper.
Shopkeeper says: "Queen Glimmer?"
Glimmer says: "We won't abandon Erelandia."
Glimmer teleports away, leaving the villagers safe in the forest. In Erelandia, Spinnerella flies at She-Ra and Netossa.
She knocks them to either side and Netossa collapses on the ground. Spinnerella flies up and leaps at her. Netossa shields herself with a net and Spinnerella presses on it.
She-Ra swings her sword, sending waves of light at Spinnerella.
Netossa says: "What are you doing?"
She-Ra says: "I'm trying not to hurt her."
Netossa says: "Stop holding back."
Netossa says: "She won't."
Spinnerella glares at She-Ra and conjures a strong wind. She pelts She-Ra with rocks. She-Ra stops herself with her sword. The sword glows.
She strikes the ground and Spinnerella flies into a wall and crashes to the ground.
Netossa says: "That's more like it."
Netossa traps her in a net.
Netossa says: "Spinny, stop."
Netossa says: "It's me, Netossa."
Netossa says: "Please."
Netossa says: "I love you."
Netossa says: "Come back to me."
Her eyes return to normal.
Spinnerella says: "Netossa?"
Netossa says: "Spinny!"
Netossa says: "Is that you?"
Spinnerella says: "Darling."
Netossa says: "No!"
The chip in her neck glows green and Spinnerella grabs her head. She disappears in a swirl of purple wind.
She-Ra crouches to Netossa and grips her shoulders.
Netossa says: "She's still in there."
Netossa says: "I saw her."
Netossa says: "We can get her back, I know it."
Shopkeeper says: "{screams} Huh?"
The villages return and cheer.
Netossa says: "It's good to have you guys back."
Catra says: "She'll, um..."
Catra says: "She'll be okay."
Catra says: "Spinnerella."
Catra says: "After the chip, I mean."
Catra says: "I, uh, have some experience."
Shopkeeper says: "Princesses."
Shopkeeper says: "I still think you sort are trouble, but thank you for freeing our town."
Shopkeeper says: "I don't know what we can do, but if the Rebellion ever needs it, you can always find a friendly face in Erelandia."
Bow and Glimmer embrace the Shopkeeper.
Shopkeeper says: "Oh!"
Shopkeeper says: "Ah."
She-Ra raises her sword to the sky. A Horde emblem is blasted away and is replaced with the image of She-Ra's sword.
Catra says: "I think Horde Prime is going to know She-Ra's back."
She-Ra says: "Good."
He punches a screen.
Horde Prime says: "Set coordinates for Etheria."
Horde Prime says: "Clearly, I am going to have to handle this embarrassment myself."
Hordak opens his clenched palm and eyes the glowing tech.
In Etheria, Netossa leads her friends through the forest.
They reach a cave.
Glimmer says: "This is where the Rebellion is hiding out?"
Netossa says: "Yep."
Netossa says: "Why?"
Netossa says: "Have you been here?"
Vines trap them. Perfuma appears.
Perfuma says: "Show us your necks!"
Netossa says: "Perfuma, they're good."
Pefuma says: "Your necks!"
Frosta says: "She's clear."
Frosta gives and thumbs up and Perfuma inspects Bow. .
Perfuma says: "Oh, Bow!"
Perfuma says: "Bow, it's really you!"
Frosta says: "Ah, Glimmer!"
Glimmer says: "Frosta!"
Swift Wind joins them.
She-Ra says: "Swift Wind!"
He nuzzles She-Ra.
Entrapta says: "Emily!"
Entrapta says: "Wrong Hordak, meet Emily."
Entrapta grabs his hand and places it on the little round robot.
Bow says: "All right, let--let it out."
Perfuma says: "I don't wanna be in change anymore!"
Catra and Melog watch from the outskirts and She-Ra spots them.
She-Ra says: "Hey, come here."
She-Ra says: "It's time for you to officially meet everyone."
Catra says: "You sure?"
Frosta punches Catra with an icy fist.
Catra says: "Are you serious?"
Frosta says: "Deadly serious, Horde scum."
She-Ra says: "Frosta!"
She-Ra says: "It's--it's a long story, but Catra's with us now."
She-Ra says: "Okay?"
Frosta says: "{grunts} Fine."
Frosta says: "But I still don't like her face."
She-Ra says: "She can live with that."
Perfuma says: "Did you find her?"
Netossa says: "I did, but..."
She-Ra says: "Spinnerella got away, but we'll get her back."
She-Ra says: "We'll get all of our friends back."
She-Ra says: "There's still a chance to save them."
She-Ra says: "This war has only just begun."
Credits Roll.