Lightning strikes.
Swift Wind says: "Are you sure we're going the right way?"
Swift Wind says: "Like, 100 percent sure?"
Adora says: "For the last time, I don't know."
Adora says: "We have to trust that the navigation system knows what it's doing."
Adora says: "Now stop asking."
Bow says: "We've got to be close."
Bow says: "Any minute now."
Bow says: "Beast Island is around here."
Bow says: "Somewhere."
Adora says: "We will find it."
Adora says: "We have to."
Bow says: "Do you think Glimmer will still be upset when we get back?"
Adora says: "She'll understand."
Adora says: "We all want what's best for Etheria."
Adora says: "And once we get Entrapta back, Glimmer will know we made the right decision."
Bow says: "Right, but—"
Bow says: "I mean what if she doesn't?"
Bow says: "What if she never talks to me again?"
Alarm beeps.
Adora says: "Uh, Bow?"
Adora says: "The thing that's blinking, should it be blinking?"
Bow says: "Uhh, I don't know, a ship?"
Swift Wind says: "Uh, guys, I'm sensing something out there."
Swift Wind says: "Something big, and it's not good."
Swift Wind says: "And I think I hear—"
All Shout The ship's alarms start going off.
Bow says: "Don't panic, no one panic."
Brief Pause.
Bow says: "Uh, nope!"
Bow says: "Never mind, Panic!"
All Shout, gradually dying down as they descend into the water.
Adora says: "Look."
Adora says: "It's Beast Island."
Intro Theme.
Adora says: "As kids, we were warned of the dangers of Beast Island."
Adora says: "There were the Chibbits with razor-sharp teeth, Scruffers with razor-sharp horns, Razorfins with—"
Bow says: "Razor-sharp fins?!"
Bow says: "!"
Adora says: "Razor-sharp teeth, actually."
Swift Wind says: "Adora!"
Swift Wind says: "Okay!"
Swift Wind says: "That's normal."
Adora says: "Entrapta."
Adora says: "She must have been on it."
Swift Wind says: "Where do you think she went?"
Droning Noise.
Swift Wind says: "What is that noise?"
Bow says: "What noise?"
Swift Wind says: "You didn't hear it?"
Bow says: "Uh, any scary Horde bedtime stories about noises only horses can hear?"
Adora says: "Not that I can remember."
Swift Wind says: "I heard the same sound earlier, right before Mara's ship crashed."
Bow says: "First Ones' tech."
Bow says: "This is all First Ones' tech."
Bow says: "But it's corrupted, melted down."
Adora says: "We should get moving while we still have light."
Adora says: "Entrapta's here somewhere."
Creature roars distantly.
Swift Wind says: "I wanna go home."
Chittering creatures stop.
Swift Wind says: "Maybe everything went quiet..."
Swift Wind says: "for a good reason."
Creature growls.
Adora says: "Nope, a bad reason."
Bow says: "Okay, no one move."
Bow says: "Maybe it won't see us."
Clanging of metal creature Everyone shouting.
Adora says: "For the honor of Grayskull!"
Spark noises emit from the sword.
Bow says: "Uh..."
Bow says: "Adora?"
Adora says: "Run!"
Metal creature screeching.
Swift Wind falls and grunts.
Bow says: "What happened?"
Bow says: "Why can't you be She-Ra?"
Adora says: "I don't know!"
Droning Sound.
Swift Wind says: "There it is again, that sound."
Droning Sound.
Swift Wind says: "Really, no one else hears that?"
Adora gasps upon seeing the monster, then Bow All shouting.
Adora says: "No!"
Adora says: "Come on, come on."
Adora says: "For the honor of Grayskull!"
Bow says: "Adora!"
Another man jumps into the frame. He has a cloak and long, grey-brown hair with a beard.
Bow says: "Woah."
Adora says: "Who is that guy?"
Adora says: "Thank you, you saved us."
Adora says: "Who—"
Adora says: "?"
Bow says: "King Micah."
Glimmer says: "Light Hope?"
Light Hope says: "Unauthorized presence detected."
Light Hope says: "Security protocol activated."
Spiders screech.
Glimmer says: "You're not getting rid of me that easily."
On Beast Island.
Man/King Micah says: "Huh?"
Man/King Micah says: "You know who I am?"
Man/King Micah says: "Please don't kneel."
Man/King Micah says: "I'm no king here."
Adora says: "Of course we know."
Adora says: "Oh, uh I'm Adora, and this is Swift Wind and Bow."
Bow says: "King Micah, It's so great to—"
Bow says: "—"
Bow says: "meet you."
King Micah says: "Huh."
King Micah says: "Apologies."
King Micah says: "It's been..."
King Micah says: "quite some time since I've talked to anyone else."
King Micah says: "Anyone real, that is."
King Micah says: "And you are real, Right?!"
King Micah says: "!"
Bow says: "Very real."
Bow says: "Huh, yeah."
Bow says: "Hi."
Bow says: "Uh..."
Bow says: "Are you real?"
Bow says: "I mean, we kinda thought you were dead."
Micah says: "If the horde had their way, I would be."
Micah says: "They exiled me here, but I survived!"
Adora says: "King Micah, we're from Bright Moon."
Adora says: "We know your daughter, Glimmer."
Micah says: "My sweet Glimmer?"
Micah says: "Huh?"
Micah says: "There's no time for pleasantries!"
Micah says: "We have to move quick, follow me!"
Micah uses sorcery to make the group safe.
Bow says: "Woah."
Micah says: "We should be able to rest here for a moment."
Micah says: "A safe, quiet mo—"
Micah dives to the ground All shout.
Micah says: "Gotcha!"
Micah says: "Oh—"
Micah says: "I'm so sorry."
Micah says: "Where are my manners?"
Micah says: "Bug?"
Adora says: "Uh, mmh."
Adora says: "No."
Micah says: "So, what brings you to Beast Island?"
Adora says: "Uh, We came here looking for our friend, Princess Entrapta."
Adora says: "Any chance you've seen her?"
Adora says: "She's got purple hair and really like robots."
Adora says: "Like, realy, really likes robots."
Micah says: "Yeah, I know her."
Micah says: "She stole my rations."
Micah says: "Only the tiny ones for some reason."
Adora says: "That's great!"
Adora says: "I mean, not the food part, but the other part."
Adora says: "She's okay, or she was not long ago."
Swift Wind says: "Did you see which way she went?"
Micah says: "Why yes, sh—"
Micah says: "Is that horse talking?!"
Micah says: "!"
Swift Wind says: "I can hear you."
Swift Wind says: "I'm swift wind, and I—"
Micah says: "It has wings!"
Swift Wind says: "Well, this is definitely Glimmer's dad."
Bow says: "Your Majesty, could you let me go?"
Micah says: "Huh?"
Micah says: "Oh, right."
Micah says: "Sorry."
Micah says: "Like I said, it's been a little while since I've talked to people, or horses."
Micah says: "Because horses talk now, and that's normal."
Adora says: "You were saying something about Entrapta."
Adora says: "Do you know where she is?"
Micah says: "Yes."
Micah says: "Your friend headed straight for the center of the island before I could stop her."
Bow says: "Sounds like Entrapta."
Bow says: "Could you point us in the direction—"
Micah says: "You can't go there!"
Micah says: "You'd never come back."
Micah says: "It's where the signal is the strongest."
Swift Wind says: "The signal."
Swift Wind says: "That must be the noise I've been hearing."
Swift Wind says: "What is it?"
Micah says: "You've heard it?"
Micah says: "Then we have to hurry."
Micah says: "This place is a mass of ancient tech, mostly degraded but some of it still works."
Micah says: "And something at the center of that island never stopped signaling."
Micah says: "The signal dulls your resolve, exposes your vulnerabilities, it pulls you in."
Micah says: "Everything that stays on Beast Island becomes a part of it eventually."
Bow says: "Why can't Adora and I hear it?"
Micah says: "Stay here long enough, and you will."
Micah says: "I've heard it every day, for months, years."
Micah says: "I have no sense of time here."
Micah says: "But I fight it!"
Micah says: "Nothing ill stop me from getting off this island and reuniting with my family."
Micah says: "But enough about me."
Micah says: "Tell me news of the Rebellion and Bright Moon."
Micah says: "And my baby girl."
Micah says: "You know her?"
Adora says: "Glimmer?"
Adora says: "Sure."
Adora says: "She's..."
Adora says: "Well, she's—"
Bow says: "She's our best friend."
Bow says: "We're the Best Friend Squad."
Micah says: "Sounds like my baby girl."
Micah says: "Hm."
Micah says: "Always in a hurry to grow up and be friends with the older kids."
Micah says: "What about Angella?"
Micah says: "Have you seen her?"
Adora says: "Your Majesty, I—"
Creature screeching.
Bow says: "What is that?"
Micah says: "We should keep moving."
Micah says: "I'll help you find your friend, and then, can you help me escape this place?"
Bow says: "Of course."
Bow says: "We'll all get out of here together."
Micah says: "Then why are we waiting?"
Micah says: "Follow me!"
Micah says: "So you're telling me that horses are now allowed in the War Room, and they all get chairs?"
Swift Wind says: "Big, important chairs, yep!"
Swift Wind says: "And also, unlimited sugar cubes."
Micah says: "Eh, sounds good to me."
Adora says: "I can't believe Glimmer's dad has been alive this whole time."
Adora says: "And he's so cool."
Adora says: "A Little weird, but I guess that's to be expected after all this time alone."
Bow says: "Glimmer will be so happy to see her dad again."
Bow says: "She'll have to forgive us for going against her orders, escaping Bright Moon, and taking Mara's ship."
Bow says: "Not that we technically did anything wrong, or need to be forgiven."
Bow says: "I mean, Glimmer kept us in the dark."
Bow says: "The truth is she hasn't been a good friend."
Bow says: "But have we been?"
Bow says: "Can you even have a fight with a best friend and still be best friends?"
Bow says: "And don't get me started on Shadow Weaver."
Bow says: "Are you okay?"
Adora says: "Yeah, it's just—"
Adora says: "Why can't I be She-Ra here?"
Adora says: "What if something on this island infected the sword, or what if Glimmer is right an-an-and all I do is ruin everything?"
Adora says: "I..."
Adora says: "I just feel useless."
Bow says: "Hey, you aren't useless."
Bow says: "We'll figure this out."
Bow says: "You're still a hero, I'm still a tech master, Swift Wind's still—"
Swift Wind says: "Woo-hoo!"
Swift Wind says: "That's not food!"
Bow says: "He's still a horse."
Bow says: "But now we've got Cool Sorcerer Dad helping us."
Adora says: "You're right."
At the Crystal Castle.
Glimmer says: "Are you gonna send more spiders for me to destroy, or are you gonna talk to me?"
Glimmer says: "The First Ones stole the magic of Etheria, the magic of my people."
Glimmer says: "Please, talk to me!"
Glimmer says: "That magic is how I stop this war."
Glimmer says: "It's how I save everyone."
Glimmer says: "That magic, the magic at the Heart of Etheria..."
Glimmer says: "I want to use it."
Light Hope says: "Temporary administrator access granted to Queen Glimmer of Bright Moon."
Light Hope says: "Queen Glimmer, proceed."
A door slides open nearby; Glimmer smiles and taps her staff lightly against the metal floor, walking through the now-open doorway.
New scene.
Beast Island, jungle.
The squad walk through the jungle, the signal droning on; Swift Wind hangs his head in exhaustion.
Swift Wind says: "The signal..."
Swift Wind says: "it's getting..."
Swift Wind says: "stronger..."
Bow pats Swift Wind in a comforting motion.
Micah says: "Tell me..."
Micah says: "what is she like, my Glimmer?"
Bow says: "Stubborn."
Bow says: "Real stubborn."
Adora says: "Bow."
Bow says: "What?"
Adora says: "I just--wanna be the hero she deserves, and I..."
Adora says: "I don't know if I have been."
Micah says: "Great, great."
Micah says: "Oh, and does she still have her favorite stuffed animal?"
Micah says: "The one I made for her--Kowl?"
He hops down off a downed tree, waiting for Adora to follow.
Adora says: "Oh, yeah."
Adora says: "She's even started to use your sorcerer staff."
Micah says: "I-i--isn't that kind of dangerous for a little..."
Micah says: "kid?"
Bow says: "Try telling her that."
Micah stops and holds up his hand to silence Bow, listening as animals make chittering noises in the jungle.
Bow says: "What is that?"
Micah says: "It's the pookas."
Micah says: "Pookas travel in packs, hunting their prey across the island, luring them in and surrounding them until it's too late."
Micah says: "And right now, they're hunting us."
Micah stands and grunts as he summons a burst of magic from his hand and fires it across the way; the blast lingers for a moment as it lights up several silhouetted figures with luminescent eyes.
Micah says: "Run!"
Everyone scrambles the opposite direction; creatures skitter and screech all around them.
Bow says: "We never should have come here without Glimmer!"
Bow says: "She could've teleported us out in a second!"
Bow says: "Why couldn't she just trust us?!"
Bow says: "!"
Bow says: "Why couldn't she trust me?!"
Bow says: "!"
Adora looks back, then looks away pained, quickly bursting ahead of Micah; Micah gains a determined look and reaches out and grabs Adora's arm, forcing her to grunt and stop to look at him.
Micah says: "..."
Micah says: "How long have I been gone?!"
Micah says: "!"
Micah suddenly looks up as he notices the silence around them.
Swift Wind says: "No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, silence is always for a bad reason!"
Adora says: "Where did they go?"
A pooka lands in front of them, blinking its large eye, then coming forward out of the darkness; it chitters, looking at all of them.
Bow says: "Aww."
Bow says: "It's kind of cute."
Suddenly the pooka throws out its arms and screeches, showing its large teeth; Bow jumps back, screaming as the rest of the group moves back.
Bow says: "But mainly scary!"
Micah says: "I told you!"
The pooka, still roaring, jumps on Bow, who screams and grunts as he pulls it off of him, throwing it on Swift Wind's side; Swift Wind yells and bucks, throwing the pooka away; Swift Wind rears and neighs, running away from the area.
Adora says: "Swift Wind!"
The others follow as a pack of pookas bursts from the brush, screeching; Swift Wind nickers and gallops quickly through the jungle, Adora grunting and running behind; he comes to an open area and rears, finally picking a direction and bolting.
Adora says: "Swift Wind!"
Adora says: "Wait!"
Swift Wind stops, grunting and panting heavily and anxiously as the signal droning amplifies, unintelligible whispers echoing.
Adora says: "Swift Wind, we have to keep going, they're right behind us."
Micah says: "The pookas lured us right into a trap."
Micah says: "We have to move!"
Bow groans in pain, collapsing to his knees.
Micah says: "Bow!"
Adora says: "No, not you, too!"
Adora says: "You have to fight it!"
Bow says: "..."
Bow says: "We couldn't fix it."
Adora says: "No!"
Adora says: "We can still get out of here!"
Adora says: "Micah, help him!"
Micah gasps out and grunts, straining against his own vines as he reaches out for Bow's quiver strap, grasping it and pulling to no avail.
Adora says: "King Micah!"
Micah groans and reaches for Adora; they grasp forearms and struggle to pull each other free.
Adora says: "Don't give in now, not after all this time!"
Adora says: "We'll get you back to Bright Moon!"
Adora says: "I can't do this..."
Adora says: "Glimmer was right..."
Adora looks up to the sky as tears fall and vines begin to cover over her vision; suddenly, a bright light shines through; the memory of Angella's final moments appear, with Adora remembering the words, "Take care of each other..."; she continues to remember moments of she and Glimmer fighting over the course of the season, and then many times where the squad and the alliance came together; Adora thinks, "Glimmer?".
Adora suddenly gasps awake, eyes shining with a blue magic; she screams and strains against the vines.
Adora says: "For the Honor of Grayskull!"
She-Ra transformation sequence.
She-Ra shouts and slams the point of the sword down into the ground, emitting a burst of magical waves that evaporate the vines around them all, making the others grunt as the wave forces them back a little; they all come-to with astounded looks and awed gasps.
Bow says: "You did it!"
Bow says: "You're She-Ra again!"
Micah says: "She-Ra..."
They all get up as She-Ra's glow fades and she turns to Swift Wind to help him up.
She-Ra says: "It wasn't the signal that was blocking me from being She-Ra..."
She-Ra says: "It was me."
She-Ra says: "..."
She-Ra says: "take care of everyone, and I will."
Micah says: "So, you're the legendary warrior She-Ra, and my daughter is..."
Micah says: "Queen?"
She-Ra says: "There's a lot we need to catch you up on, Your Majesty."
She-Ra says: "But first, let's go save our friends."
Micah nods, smiling; She-Ra walks past him as the pookas chitter nearby, screeching and growling hungrily in the trees; the squad readies themselves with their weapons and magic, Swift Wind rearing and neighing; the pookas close in, then look into the distance suddenly; a stomping creature makes the pookas chitter and flee into the trees.
Bow says: "Woo-hoo!"
Bow says: "Yeah!"
Bow says: "We did it!"
Bow says: "Take that, you terrifying yet adorably-named creatures!"
A figure slams down behind him, shaking the ground and making dust fly; Bow nervously whines and slowly turns his head to look at the robot.
The robot's mouth slowly opens, and everyone gasps.
Entrapta says: "Princesses!"
Entrapta says: "I saved you!"
New scene.
Crystal Castle, interior.
Glimmer walks into a large room.
Glimmer says: "Light Hope?"
Glimmer says: "Is that you?"
Light Hope says: "The Crystal Castle is intended only for She-Ra and her steed."
Light Hope says: "You are trespassing."
Glimmer says: "..."
Glimmer says: "left us all behind."
Glimmer says: "She's too afraid to use the magic at the Heart of Etheria..."
Glimmer says: "but I'm not."
Light Hope says: "Perhaps entrusting She-Ra with this mission was a mistake."
Light Hope says: "Adora is compromised."
Light Hope says: "She is not willing to do what is necessary to protect Etheria..."
Light Hope says: "but you are."
Glimmer says: "Yes."
Light Hope says: "Adora has made much progress,  the Heart of Etheria cannot be accessed."
Glimmer says: "Balance the planet..."
Glimmer says: "What does that mean?"
Glimmer says: "And, how do I do that?"
Light Hope says: "There is only one piece still missing."
Light Hope says: "They must all be connected to their Runestones for the Heart of Etheria to function."
Glimmer says: "And that will make us stronger?"
Light Hope says: "It will give you power like you've never known."
Light Hope says: "The final piece is a princess who has not yet accepted her destiny..."
Scene transition to show Bright Moon as Light Hope's voiceover continues.
Light Hope says: "A princess robbed of her power by the Horde's meddling."
Scorpia walks into view of a window in the castle; she pensively leans on the window sill, one claw pressed to the side of her face.
Credits Roll.