Sea Elf Village, in Salineas.
Seagulls caw and waves can be heard; villagers walk around until a Horde tank rolls up and whirs, turning its gun on them and firing; the villagers shout and multiple explosions are heard; on a nearby cliff, Hordak charges and fires his arm laser cannon through the village, causing another massive explosion.
Hordak says: "Advance."
Multiple bots' legs clang as they advance to the village; villagers run, panting and shouting in fear; a Horde tank rolls up and looms over a couple.
Sea Hawk says: "For Sea Hawk is here!"
The tank fires a blast at him, and Sea Hawk shouts and dodges; the explosion flings him to slide on the ground between the two villagers, mustache crackling on fire.
Sea Hawk says: "Well, perhaps we should fear a little."
The tank fires a blast, exploding just ahead of them; Sea Hawk and the villagers gasp as another tank looms ahead in their new direction; the tank charges a blast; a pink explosion hits the tank.
Sea Hawk says: "Huh?"
Two more tanks fly closer; Sea Hawk shouts an "Ohhh" in fear.
Scene transition to nearby on a Rebellion ship.
Spinnerella and Netossa bandage and help injured villagers who groan and grunt around on the ship.
Sea Hawk says: "..."
Sea Hawk says: "Adventure?"
Glimmer drops him and he grunts.
Glimmer says: "Okay."
Glimmer says: "Now sound the retreat."
Glimmer turns and looks at the village in the distance, a Horde flag flapping in the wind and explosions booming; Glimmer sighs, then notices a villager crying, who clings to Netossa, then another sobbing; Glimmer gasps, then narrows her eyes at Hordak looking at them in the distance; Hordak hums happily, smiling.
Glimmer says: "I'll be back for you."
Opening theme.
Bright Moon Castle, war room.
Bow says: "You just got back from scouting the Southern Coast."
Bow says: "What does it look like?"
Swift Wind says: "On fire."
Bow says: "Anything more specific?"
Swift Wind says: "On lots of fire."
Bow says: "Okayyy..."
Bow says: "Adora!"
Bow says: "You came from Plumeria; what's their status?"
Bow says: "Any good news?"
Adora says: "Perfuma is securing the Whispering Woods and Frosta reports that her kingdom has not been breached..."
Bow says: "Great."
Adora says: "..."
Adora says: "yet."
Adora says: "But the Horde's working on it."
Adora says: "Day and night."
Adora says: "Nonstop."
Adora says: "Again?"
Adora says: "Glimmer, you can't just keep going off on your own."
Glimmer says: "Oh, right."
Glimmer says: "When I stayed here to find the Horde spy and Salineas fell."
Adora says: "That's not fair."
Adora says: "We didn't know."
Glimmer says: "Tell that to Mermista."
Swift Wind says: "Hey, where is Mermista?"
Scene transition to a bathroom in Bright Moon Castle.
Mermista groans as she uses water magic to bring a tub of ice cream into the bathtub with her; bubbles pop and water runs.
Sea Hawk says: "She's, um, taking some "me time"."
Bow says: ""Me time"!"
Bow says: "Great..."
Bow says: "We all could use some of that."
Glimmer says: "I'm not going to hide inside the castle while our people are in danger."
Glimmer says: "I'm the Queen."
Glimmer says: "You don't give me orders."
Bow says: "O..."
Adora says: "Don't talk to Bow like that."
Glimmer says: "I need to stop the Horde."
Glimmer says: "Any way I can."
Glimmer says: "..."
Glimmer says: "We're done for today."
Spinnerella and Netossa slowly back away, their footsteps become faster as they get further away until a door slams shut.
Sea Hawk says: "All in all, not the worst meeting we've had."
Bow says: "I've never seen Glimmer like this."
Bow says: "Or Adora."
Bow says: "I just wish I knew how to help them."
Sea Hawk says: "..."
Sea Hawk says: "Hey, you know, I just had an idea, not pre-planned at all."
Sea Hawk says: "Let's take a break and have a boys' night out on the town!"
Swift Wind says: "Can I come, too?"
Bow says: "I should really stay here in case Glimmer and Adora need me..."
Sea Hawk says: "One night off won't hurt."
Sea Hawk says: "What do you say?"
Swift Wind says: "..."
Swift Wind says: "Why am I the only one doing this?"
Bow says: "You know what?"
Bow says: "Why not?"
Sea Hawk says: "Grand!"
Sea Hawk says: "And then my brilliant secret plan can begin..."
Bow says: "What's that?"
Sea Hawk says: "Forward to a friendship adventure!"
On the ocean outside Salineas, on a Horde ship.
Hordak stands staring at the destruction of the Sea Gate as smoke billows and the wind whistles.
Catra says: "Lord Hordak."
Catra says: "Sounds like congratulations are in order."
Hordak says: "Yes..."
Hordak says: "The princesses are in utter disarray..."
Hordak says: "abandoning territory, scattering like cowards before us like the cowards they are."
Catra says: "We're crushing them."
Catra says: "Once you return to the Fright Zone, I'll march our troops on the rest of the coastal towns."
Hordak says: "No."
Hordak says: "Now that Horde Prime's arrival is imminent, I shall remain in the field to ensure victory."
Hordak says: "..."
Hordak says: "Besides."
Hordak says: "Out of all the princesses, Entrapta has yet to face me on the field..."
Catra says: "And what exactly am I supposed to do while you remain in the field?"
Hordak says: "..."
Hordak says: "Soon all of Etheria will be at my feet."
Catra clenches her fist, then sighs, brushing back her hair; she presses her badge and it beeps, buzzing with radio static.
Catra says: "Force Captain Octavia, have you finished your perimeter?"
Octavia says: "We're doing the final sweep."
over the radio says: "We're doing the final sweep."
Catra says: "Excellent."
Catra says: "Double Trouble should be breaking radio silence soon..."
Catra says: "they'll have new coordinates for you."
Catra says: "Force Captain Scorpia, come in."
Catra says: "Aw, man."
Catra says: "Even when he's winning, Hordak is annoying."
Catra says: "Now he suddenly loves fighting, and I'm getting stuck with whatever he  I wanna take a break anyway."
A bar in Seaworthy, arguably the one they first met Sea Hawk in.
Medieval music plays in the background, as well as slight clinking of dishes/glasses and a low hum of conversation.
Bow says: "Sea Hawk, I thought you said boys' night out, it's the middle of day."
Sea Hawk says: "Day, night, it matters not."
Sea Hawk says: "You're overdue for some levity."
Bow says: "Last time I was here it was with Adora and Glimmer, and..."
Bow says: "things were great..."
Bow says: "Not like now."
Sea Hawk says: "It is true."
Sea Hawk says: "Things are looking..."
Sea Hawk says: "dour..."
Swift Wind gasps, Sea Hawk slurps his drink.
Sea Hawk says: "This drink is..."
Sea Hawk says: "extra sour..."
Swift Wind gasps more excitedly, almost shrieking.
Sea Hawk says: "Could be the Rebellion's..."
Sea Hawk says: "Hit it!"
Sea Hawk says: "Friendship just needs a resupply!"
Swift Wind says: "Oh it's fun, it's fun to be friends with friends!"
Sea Hawk says: "Oh it's fun, it's fun to be friends with friends!"
Swift Wind says: "/ Oh it's fun, it's fun to be friends with friends!"
Sea Hawk says: "/ Oh it's fun, it's fun to be friends with friends!"
Sea Hawk says: "And when Hordak hits us robotical / we'll respond with tunes most..."
Sea Hawk says: "nautical / and take a moment to..."
Sea Hawk says: "to..."
Swift Wind says: "Oh, man."
Swift Wind says: "Third rhyme."
Swift Wind says: "Rough stuff."
Sea Hawk says: "Oh how fun, how fun to be friends with friends!"
Swift Wind says: "Oh how fun, how fun to be friends with friends!"
Sea Hawk says: "/ Oh how fun, how fun to be friends with friends!"
Swift Wind says: "/ Oh how fun, how fun to be friends with friends!"
Bow slides up squeakily in front of them, posing dramatcally.
Bow says: "Sometimes we'll fight but that's okay, we'll work it out another day / I know things will work out in the end!"
Sea Hawk says: "Oh, yes!"
Sea Hawk says: "Cause it's fun to be friends with friends!"
Bow says: "Cause it's fun to be friends with friends!"
Swift Wind says: "Cause it's fun to be friends with friends!"
Sea Hawk says: "/ Oh it's fun to be friends with friends!"
Bow says: "/ Oh it's fun to be friends with friends!"
Swift Wind says: "/ Oh it's fun to be friends with friends!"
Sea Hawk says: "Oh it's fun to be friends with friends!"
Bow says: "Oh it's fun to be friends with friends!"
Swift Wind says: "Oh it's fun to be friends with friends!"
Bow says: "It's an ambush!"
Sea Hawk says: "Whoo, better!"
Sea Hawk says: "It's a kidnapping!"
Bow says: "Sea Hawk, what are you doing?!"
Bow says: "!"
Sea Hawk says: "Don't worry."
Sea Hawk says: "It's all a part of my brilliant secret plan."
Swift Wind says: "What plan?"
Sea Hawk says: "To unite the princesses and cheer up my dearest Mermista."
Sea Hawk says: "They love rescuing people..."
Sea Hawk says: "The ladies will put aside their problems to rescue us, go on a mission of fun, and then it's a happy ending for all!"
Sea Hawk says: "..."
Sea Hawk says: "No, this isn't Bill."
Bow says: "What?!"
Bow says: "!"
Swift Wind says: "What do we do?"
Bow says: "We have to get a message to our friends."
Bow says: "Swift Wind, try to contact Adora through your sacred bond."
Sea Hawk says: "Do your thing, noble steed."
Swift Wind says: "Pick up..."
Glimmer says: "Mermista?"
Glimmer says: "Are you alone?"
Mermista says: "Totally..."
The door squeaks open and Glimmer gasps at Adora, who is using her sword transformed into a mop to mop water off the floor; its squelching stops when Glimmer clears her throat.
Glimmer says: "I thought you said you were alone?"
Mermista says: "Whatever..."
Bubbles pop up from the tub as Glimmer and Adora stare at each other.
Glimmer says: "I was just..."
Glimmer says: "checking up on Mermista, but, clearly, you have it covered."
The sword transforms back into a vambrace as Adora follows; the door shuts and Adora grabs Glimmer's wrist.
Adora says: "Glimmer, what is going on with you?"
Adora says: "I know things are bad right now, but..."
Glimmer says: "Why is that always your answer to everything?!"
Glimmer says: "!"
Adora says: "Because it's the only thing we can do."
Glimmer says: "Things are worse than ever."
Glimmer says: "The Horde has Salineas, the coast is falling, we haven't FIXED anything!"
Adora says: "and why can I hear the ocean right now?!"
Adora says: "!"
Magic sound effects as Swift Wind channels Adora.
Bow says: "Anything?"
Bow says: "Swift Wind, calm."
Bow says: "Down."
Bow says: "It'll be okay."
Bow says: "We'll figure something out."
Sea Hawk says: "Fear not."
Sea Hawk says: "I know how to get a message to my sweet Mermista."
Sea Hawk says: "After all..."
Sea Hawk says: "she taught me how to speak..."
Sea Hawk says: "I may be a bit rusty."
Not Bill says: "What's all this yammering about?"
The three kidnappers stand a bit away; the leader takes off his mask.
Sea Hawk says: "Oooohhh--!"
Scurvy says: "Honestly, who does that?!"
Scurvy says: "!"
Sea Hawk half-cries out as he almost steps off the end of the plank, the waves whoosh; Scurvy's blade shings as he points it at Sea Hawk.
Scurvy takes more steps toward Sea Hawk who almost loses balance and flails, vocalizing in fear; the seagull from earlier squawks and flies off.
Bow says: "Admiral Scurvy!"
Bow says: "..."
Bow says: "Sir!"
Bow says: "Whatever Sea Hawk has done in the past..."
Bow says: "can't you put that aside for the sake of your friendship?"
All three kidnappers laugh.
Scurvy says: "Friendship?"
Scurvy says: "Whoo, boy..."
Scurvy says: "There's only one thing in this world that matters..."
Scurvy says: "money."
Scurvy says: "And lucky for you, the three of you have some value to me yet."
Scurvy lifts his sword away; Scurvy's crew tighten Sea Hawk back to the mast.
Sea Hawk says: "This was all a terrible idea."
Sea Hawk says: "Why didn't anyone stop me?"
Swift Wind says: "Because you didn't tell us."
Swift Wind says: "Why didn't you tell us?!"
Swift Wind says: "!"
Sea Hawk says: "If I told you, you would have stopped me."
Bow says: "Remember?"
Sea Hawk says: "This is no time for songs."
Swift Wind says: "Yeah, read the room, Bow."
Bow says: "Look, as soon as they realize we're gone, Adora and Glimmer will stop fighting and come for us."
Bow says: "I know they will."
Outside the Sea Gate.
Catra says: "I don't know..."
Catra says: "Fun?"
Catra says: "Come on."
Catra says: "You're not still mad about before..."
Catra says: "Are ya?"
Catra says: "Stop being so sensitive."
Catra says: "Get over it and talk to me, Scorpia."
Catra says: "..."
Catra says: "Scorpia?"
Catra says: "..."
Catra says: "Scorpia?!"
Catra says: "!"
Catra grunts as she leaps down from atop the statues at the Sea Gate.
Bow and Sea Hawk grunt as they struggle with their rope restraints; Scurvy walks up.
Scurvy says: "Good news, boys."
Scurvy says: "Someone cared enough about you three,  to pay a hefty ransom!"
The boys laugh and cheer.
Sea Hawk says: "The princesses..."
Sea Hawk says: "of course!"
Sea Hawk says: "Just like I planned."
Scurvy says: "All that very loud, very public singing about the Rebellion, and you think your ransom was paid by the princesses?"
A ship foghorn blows.
Scurvy says: "The Horde controls the seas now."
Scurvy says: "And they're paying top dollar for high-ranking Rebel prisoners."
Octavia says: "As promised."
Sea Hawk says: "Scurvy..."
Sea Hawk says: "don't do this."
Sea Hawk says: "You and I lived by a sacred code..."
Sea Hawk says: "the law of the sea."
Sea Hawk says: "We are like brothers..."
Scurvy says: "It didn't."
A Horde metal ramp scrapes down to land on Scurvy's ship; Horde soldiers march down to the boys, and Sea Hawk grunts as they take him away.
Scurvy says: "Oh, friends..."
A soldier steps up to take Bow.
Bright Moon Castle, the hallway outside the bathroom and inside.
Glimmer says: "Just because you're She-Ra doesn't mean you can order people around!"
Adora says: "You just keep pushing us away!"
Glimmer says: "I am Queen of Etheria, okay?"
Adora says: "--and going rogue and leaving!"
Adora says: "What are we supposed to do with that?"
Adora says: "We're trying our best!"
Glimmer says: "You think you can just transform into She-Ra, and hit things with your sword, and it will fix everything!"
Glimmer says: "Well, guess what: It's not working!"
Adora says: "Why are you blaming this all on me?"
Adora says: "It's not my fault that Salineas fell!"
Adora says: "The Horde manipulated all of us!"
Glimmer says: "She-Ra was supposed to save us."
Glimmer says: "But the Rebellion's in a worse place than ever since you showed up!"
Adora says: "I'm trying my best."
Adora says: "Why can't you see that?"
Glimmer says: "Well, maybe your best isn't good enough."
Glimmer says: "If it was, my mother would still be here!"
Adora breathes in as she begins to sob; Glimmer gasps.
Glimmer says: "Adora--Adora I'm I'm sorry..."
Both gasp in surprise as the bathroom door bursts open.
Mermista says: "Let's go!"
The Horde ship ferrying the boys treads the waves, making the wake crash.
Sea Hawk says: "So..."
Sea Hawk says: "what happened to the eye?"
Bow says: "I don't care."
Octavia says: "Hey!"
Octavia says: "I'm threatening you."
Bow says: "You know what?"
Bow says: "It's not easy being the friendly and upbeat guy all the time."
Bow says: "And I get that it's hard being friends sometimes."
Bow says: "You gotta work at it."
Bow says: "..."
Bow says: "So why am I always the only one who's willing to work at it?"
Bow says: "I mean..."
Bow says: "they didn't even notice I'm gone."
Bow says: "..."
Bow says: "Do whatever you want."
Bow says: "I don't care."
Bow says: "It's terrible being friends with friends."
Octavia says: "Ready at the rendezvous point."
Octavia says: "You guys gotta get this kid off my ship, he's bringing me down."
Octavia says: "..."
Octavia says: "Scorpia?"
Octavia says: "..."
Octavia says: "Scorpia, come in."
Soldier says: "Force Captain Octavia, we got magic incoming!"
Octavia says: "What?!"
Octavia says: "!"
Glimmer, Mermista, and Adora teleport in, grunting.
Adora says: "For the Honor of Grayskull!"
She-Ra transformation theme.
She-Ra lands with a grunt, expelling a wave of magic energy that knocks some soldiers back as they shout; Glimmer teleports over to Bow, blasting the ropes off him and the other two; Sea Hawk and Swift Wind run off, laughing and shouting.
Sea Hawk says: "Mermista!"
Sea Hawk says: "You're back in the game!"
Mermista says: "Rescuing people is my jam."
Sea Hawk says: "I knew it!"
Sea Hawk says: "Never doubted my brilliant plan for a moment."
Mermista says: "No shanties!"
Mermista says: "Hit it."
Sea Hawk says: "I thought you said no shanties?"
Mermista says: "This isn't a shanty, it's like a rock remix, so..."
Mermista says: "it's cool."
Rock music plays; the squad fights as Mermista starts to sing.
Mermista says: "I'll blast you away / And fight another day / For Salineas!"
Mermista says: "Yeah, it's fun to fight hard with friends!"
Sea Hawk says: "Yeah, it's fun to fight hard with friends!"
S says: "Fight with friends!"
M says: "Fight with friends!"
S says: "Fight with friends!"
Mermista says: "It's hard to fight with friends!"
Sea Hawk says: "It's hard to fight with friends!"
She-Ra fights off soldiers who grunt and shout, until she is backed against Glimmer; they share a look and then hold hands a moment, magic energy ringing, then fight together, grunting and shouting; Bow sees this and joins the singing.
Bow says: "Yeah, it's fun to fight hard with friends!"
Sea Hawk says: "Yeah, it's fun to fight hard with friends!"
Mermista says: "Yeah, it's fun to fight hard with friends!"
They alternate, singing as She-Ra and Glimmer look at and then away from each other.
B says: "Fight with friends!"
S says: "Fight with friends!"
Bow says: "Fight with friends!"
Sea Hawk says: "Fight with friends!"
Mermista says: "Fight with friends!"
S says: "Fight with friends!"
Bow says: "It's hard to fight with friends!"
Mermista says: "It's hard to fight with friends!"
Sea Hawk says: "It's hard to fight with friends!"
A soldier falls off the ship, shouting and splashing into the sea; Octavia surfaces in the ocean, grunting in anger; the squad besides Glimmer and She-Ra cheer; Sea Hawk can be heard saying "Adventure!" and "Friendship!"; Bow attempts to embrace Glimmer and She-Ra together, but they walk away from each other.
The Fright Zone, Scorpia's room.
The door whirs open and Catra runs in.
Catra says: "Scorpia?"
Catra flips open the note and gasps lightly; the badge clatters to the floor, along with the jacket flumping and paper fluttering down as Catra drops them.
A Rebellion ship, sailing away as the ocean wind is heard.
Sea Hawk says: "And that is the tale of how I united everyone with my brilliant plan!"
Mermista says: "Whatever, you goober."
Mermista says: "I'm ready to fight, to destroy the Horde and get my kingdom back!"
Sea Hawk says: "That's my girl!"
Mermista says: "Also, Bright Moon ran out of ice cream."
Sea Hawk says: "That's also my girl!"
Mermista says: "We should always fight to music."
Mermista says: "It's awesome."
Glimmer attempts to place a hand on Adora's arm, but Adora slaps her hand away and runs off; Glimmer sighs in frustration and walks the opposite direction; Bow walks over to Adora.
Adora says: "I know what I have to do, Bow."
Adora says: "I'm going to look for Mara's weapon."
Adora says: "The one she mentioned in the message."
Adora says: "Maybe it can turn the tide of the war for us."
Adora says: "..."
Adora says: "It has to."
Bow says: "What are you talking about?"
Bow says: "Glimmer doesn't need a weapon, she needs her friends."
Adora says: "But it doesn't matter."
Adora says: "I will fix this..."
Adora says: "no matter what Glimmer thinks of me."
Sea Hawk says: "The Best Friends Squad on the sea / we subdued the threat / the threat with ease / we sail the world / come near or far / we're best friends we are, we are / we're best friends, we are, we are!"
Bow says: "We're best friends, we are..."
Bow says: "we are..."
The Rebellion ship skims the waves, whooshing in its wake.
Credits Roll.