View of Crystal Castle; Emily plays in grass.
Emily rolls over Shadow Weaver's flowrers; Shadow Weaver speaks to Scorpia.
Shadow Weaver says: "Please keep your bot out of my flower beds."
Scorpia says: "Oh!"
Scorpia says: "Oh, sorry about that."
Scorpia turns in Emily's direction.
Scorpia says: "Emily!"
Scorpia says: "Emily, come here!"
Crashes from Emily in the distance.
Scorpia says: "No!"
Scorpia says: "Not in the skull plant things!"
Scorpia catching up to Shadow Weaver.
Scorpia says: "So uh, they let you have your own garden here?"
Scorpia says: "Aren't you a prisoner?"
Scorpia says: "Am I prisoner?"
Scorpia says: "Everyone's been so nice."
Scorpia says: "How come we're not, you know, in a prison?"
Scorpia says: "Is this garden a prison?"
Shadow Weaver kneeling by a bush with gardenning scissors.
Shadow Weaver says: "It wasn't, until today."
Scorpia says: "Oh!"
Scorpia says: "Heh, heh!"
Scorpia says: "Right, right, sorry!"
Scorpia walking away slowly.
Scorpia says: "I-I'm not even here!"
Scorpia says: "Just a garden away.."
Shadow Weaver about to make a delicate cut to a bush branch; Scorpia shouts at a troublesome Emily, resulting in Shadow Weaver slipping and cutting the wrong part of the branch.
Scorpia says: "Emily!"
Scorpia says: "What did I just say?"
Scorpia says: "I said, stay out of the skull plants!"
Shadow Weaver, annoyed; groans.
Scorpia says: "Bad bot!"
Scorpia says: "Bad!"
Scorpia says: "I said, drop it!"
Glimmer walks into the scene.
Glimmer says: "Scorpia!"
Emily crashes.
Shadow Weaver says: "Your majesty, you're back."
Shadow Weaver says: "Did you find what you were looking for?"
Glimmer says: "Yes."
Glimmer says: "Light Hope told me everything I need to know, and I have a plan."
Shadow Weaver says: "A plan?"
Glimmer walks away from Shadow Weaver; instead towards Scorpia.
Glimmer says: "Scorpia, I need your help."
Scorpia says: "Me?"
Glimmer says: "You're the only person who can save Etheria."
Glimmer says: "We need you to reconnect to the Black Garnet."
Shadow Weaver says: "What?"
Shadow Weaver says: "Your majesty, I don't understand."
Glimmer says: "The other princesses are gone."
Glimmer says: "But it's fine!"
Shadow Weaver says: "Gone?"
Glimmer says: "I said it's fine."
Scorpia says: "Gone where?"
Glimmer says: "Okay, would anyone else like to interrupt me?"
A gaurd from behind clears her throat, getting their attention.
Gaurd says: "I'm sorry your majesty, but Double Trouble has escaped."
Opening scene.
Entrapta says: "Wow, I can't believe we're all here on Beast Island at the same time."
Entrapta says: "What an incredible coincidence."
Bow says: "Uh..."
Bow says: "It's not a coincidence."
Bow says: "We came to find you."
Entrapta pulls out her recorder.
Entrapta says: "Beast Island Log, tide cycle 37."
Entrapta says: "I have confirmed that the outside world still exists."
Entrapta says: "I founded princesses!"
Entrapta says: "Well, one princess, some sort of horse bird-hybrid, Bow, and..."
Entrapta sniffs a squished Micah.
Entrapta says: "I don't know you."
Micah says: "Yes you do."
Micah says: "You stole my food."
Entrapta says: "Oh yeah!"
Entrapta says: "It was delicious!"
Entrapta sitting down once again.
Entrapta says: "Wasn't there another one of you?"
Bow says: "Yes."
Bow says: "Glimmer."
Bow says: "You know her."
Bow says: "And she's..."
Bow says: "not here."
Swift Wind says: "Can we talk about how I'm not a bird?"
Adora says: "Entrapta, we have been looking all over on this island for you."
Adora says: "Are you ok?"
Entrapta somewhat confused.
Entrapta says: "Of course I'm ok!"
Entrapta says: "Have you seen this place?"
Entrapta says: "An Island, full of technological monstrosities, each more deadly than the next?"
Entrapta says: "Its paradise!"
Entrapta squishes Bow more with her feet.
Bow says: "Yeah, um, glad you're having fun, but we're kind of here to rescue you?"
Entrapta says: "Rescue me?"
Entrapta says: "Did I not just rescue you?"
Adora says: "Yeah.."
Adora says: "that didn't go as planned."
Bow says: "We came to bring you back."
Bow says: "We would've come sooner, but we had no idea you were here."
Bow says: "We though you were still with Hordak."
Entrapta, sad to hear Hordak's name, puts on her mask.
Bow says: "Scorpia told us what happened."
Bow says: "She and the other princesses are waiting for you at Bright Moon."
Bot comes to an abrupt stop, Entrapta silent.
Adora says: "Entrapta, please."
Adora says: "We need your help."
Adora says: "We discovered what the First Ones and what they were doing to Etheria, a terrible secret that no one else knows."
Entrapta lifts off mask with her hair, eyes sparkling with excitement.
Entrapta says: "You mean The Heart of Etheria?"
Entrapta says: "Why didn't you just say so?"
Entrapta starts the bot up again.
Scene changes to Catra splashing her face with water inside a Horde locker room.
Kyle, Lonnie, and Rogelio walk in laughing.
Lonnie says: "Sorry."
Lonnie says: "We didn't know you were in here."
Lonnie says: "We'll just come back later."
Catra says: "Wait."
Catra says: "What's the report from the field?"
Lonnie says: "We just got back from conquering another rebel town!"
Lonnie says: "The third one this week."
Lonnie says: "So, you're welcome."
Kyle says: "Ah, you should've seen us!"
Kyle mimics gunshots.
Kyle imitates Rogelio's roar, kicking a drawing of Scorpia, Entrapta, and Catra in the process.
Catra says: "Watch it!"
Lonnie says: "Calm down Catra!"
Lonnie says: "It's not like Scorpia needs it anymore."
Catra says: "You don't get to talk to me like that."
Catra says: "I'm your commander."
Catra says: "Got it?"
Lonnie says: "What is wrong with you?"
Lonnie says: "We're winning!"
Lonnie says: "Even you should be happy."
Catra says: "Happy?"
Catra shoves Lonnie against a locker.
Catra says: "I'll be happy when the Rebellion and She-Ra are gone for good!"
Catra says: "But that's never going to happen with the three of you goofing off all the time."
Catra says: "You are pathetic!"
Lonnie pushes Catra off of her.
Catra draws her claws out.
Kyle says: "Stay away from her!"
Catra backs away.
Kyle says: "We used to be your friends."
Kyle says: "Why are you treating us like this?"
Catra says: "Get out!"
Kyle, Rogelio, and Lonnie leave.
Catra balls up the drawing of Her, Scorpia and Entrapta, throws it and presses her head against a locker.
Double Trouble says: "Ouch!"
Double Trouble says: "It's worse than I thought."
Double Trouble says: "You're a mess."
Catra says: "Double Trouble?"
Catra says: "Y-You came back?"
Catra says: "I mean, where were you?"
Double Trouble grabs Catra face.
Double Trouble says: "You thought I left you?"
Catra hisses and pulls away.
Double Trouble says: "Apologies for the delay, Kitten."
Double Trouble says: "I got held up in Bright Moon."
Double Trouble says: "But don't worry, I brought something that might cheer you up."
Catra says: "Better be something good after all that."
Double Trouble says: "The time to strike the final blow to the Rebellion is upon us."
Double Trouble says: "The princesses aren't getting along, and most deliciously, She-Ra is gone."
Double Trouble says: "So.."
Catra says: "Bright Moon is unprotected."
Double Trouble says: "Told you it would cheer you up."
Scene changes to Bright Moon.
Shadow Weaver says: "We must find Double Trouble at once."
Shadow Weaver says: "They know too much!"
Shadow Weaver says: "We can't let them return to the Fright Zone!"
Glimmer says: "Forget Double Trouble."
Glimmer says: "They don't matter anymore."
Glimmer says: "The only person we need is right here."
Shadow Weaver says: "Scorpia is not a true princess."
Shadow Weaver says: "She has never shown any connection to her Runestone."
Glimmer says: "But she will, as soon as we get her to the Black Garnet."
Shadow Weaver says: "Get her to the Black Garnet?"
Shadow Weaver says: "Your majesty, you're not thinking this through."
Shadow Weaver says: "You cannot go to the Fright Zone now!"
Shadow Weaver says: "You are without allies, without your prisoner, and without a plan!"
Glimmer says: "I have a plan!"
Shadow Weaver says: "My queen, listen to me."
Shadow Weaver says: "Think."
Shadow Weaver says: "Have I not only tried to help you?"
Shadow Weaver says: "You are letting your emotions get the better of you."
Shadow Weaver says: "This plan is too risky."
Shadow Weaver says: "What would your mother say if she were here?"
Glimmer says: "You don't get to talk to me about my mother."
Glimmer says: "Besides."
Glimmer says: "You, were the one who told me to decide what kind of queen I am."
Glimmer says: "And I've decided."
Glimmer says: "I'm the queen who's going to save Etheria."
Glimmer walks away Shadow Weaver following.
Shadow Weaver says: "My queen."
Guards block Shadow Weaver from coming, and slam the door after Glimmer.
Scene changes to the Fright Zone, lots of soldiers preparing for battle.
Catra is shown monitoring it all.
Hordak walks towards her.
Hordak says: "What is the meaning of this?"
Catra says: "Oh sorry, I though you wanted to defeat the Rebellion."
Catra says: "Because this is what that looks like."
Hordak says: "We are already spread thin from occupying so much territory."
Catra says: "We're occupying plenty."
Catra says: "But not Bright Moon."
Catra says: "Not yet."
Catra says: "Double Trouble reported in."
Catra says: "The princesses are in chaos, She-Ra is gone, and without their precious hero to protect the castle, well.."
Hordak says: "we can strike the final blow to the Rebellion."
Hordak says: "When Bright Moon falls we will control all of Ehteria."
Catra says: "Big brothers going to be so impressed."
Hordak says: "Yes."
Hordak says: "This will show him what I am capable of."
Hordak says: "What we are capable of."
Hordak says: "Good work, Catra."
Hordak says: "Victory is ours."
Scene changes, to Entrapta driving her bot across Beast Island.
The signal from the Island grows louder.
Swift Wind says: "I don't like it here."
Swift Wind says: "The signal, it's getting louder again."
Swift Wind says: "I think we should go."
Micah says: "The talking horse is right."
Micah says: "We should stay away."
Micah says: "No one ever comes back from this part of the island."
Entrapta says: "Don't worry about the signal, it's better inside."
Bow says: "Inside where?"
Entrapta bolts into a web of hanging moss.
Entrapta says: "Somewhere..."
Entrapta springs back out of the moss.
Entrapta says: "Aha!"
Entrapta says: "Ta da!"
Entrapta pulls back the hanging moss, revealing a passage.
Entrapta says: "Come on!"
Entrapta says: "You're going to love it."
Everyone walks inside.
Swift Wind says: "Wow, this place is terrible."
Swift Wind says: "I hate it."
Adora says: "It's a First Ones Temple."
Entrapta says: "Isn't it amazing?"
Entrapta says: "The First Ones tried to their secrets by dumping them on Beast Island!"
Entrapta says: "The answers I've been looking for, they're all here!"
Entrapta powers up a machine console.
Entrapta says: "My theories were correct."
Entrapta says: "I knew the First Ones had retrofitted the planet with tech, I just didn't know why."
Entrapta says: "But it all makes sense now!"
Entrapta says: "They were mining the planet's magic, using it to power their weapon, The Heart of Ehteria!"
Entrapta speaking to Adora.
Entrapta says: "But of course you know all about The Heart of Etheria already, seeing as you're apart of it."
Adora says: "Wait, wait."
Adora says: "Hang on."
Adora says: "What?"
Entrapta says: "All the princesses are."
Entrapta says: "Hang on, I'll show you."
Entrapta changes the machine's screen to show an image of Etheria and all of its Runestones.
Entrapta says: "The Heart draws its power from the magic of the princesses."
Entrapta says: "It needs all their Runestones engaged to work."
Entrapta says: "And She-Ra is the most important piece, the key!"
Entrapta says: "She channels the weapon's power and focuses it."
Machine screen changes to an old video of Mara being given The Sword of Power.
Entrapta says: "She-Ra is the only being strong enough to withstand the destructive energy of The Heart."
Video shows Mara being overtaken by the power of The Heart.
Entrapta says: "So the First Ones made the sword to control her, to use her."
Entrapta says: "When The Heart is deployed, She-Ra will raise her sword and fire it!"
Adora says: "She-Ra is the key.."
Adora says: "That means I can stop it, right?"
Adora says: "If She-Ra fires the weapon, then I just won't do it."
Adora says: "Please, Entrapta, tell me I can stop it!"
Entrapta says: "Once the planet is balanced, no one can stop it."
Entrapta says: "Not even the First Ones could control it."
Entrapta says: "That's why they left."
Entrapta says: "When the weapon is activated it will channel all its power into you."
Entrapta says: "You don't get to refuse."
Adora starts panicking, panting and staring at the old footage of Mara.
Bow says: "But Etheria isn't balanced yet."
Bow says: "Look!"
Bow says: "There's still one Runestone offline."
Bow says: "We might still have a chance."
Bow says: "Wait."
Bow says: "The Black Garnet."
Bow says: "Scorpia."
Adora says: "Scorpia's with the Rebellion."
Adora says: "You don't think Glimmer would-?"
Bow says: "There's no way she would know Scorpia's the final piece."
Bow says: "Right?"
Adora says: "We have to get back to Bright Moon."
Scene changes to Bright Moon; Glimmer rushing to Scorpia's room.
Glimmer says: "Scorpia!"
Glimmer says: "We need to go to the Black Garnet chamber now."
Glimmer says: "My plan is going to work!"
Scorpia is hidden in a pile of pillows, her tail poking out at the top. Emily wavers around.
Glimmer says: "What's wrong?"
Glimmer says: "I thought you would want to be a princess?"
Scorpia says: "Ok."
Scorpia says: "I have been considering, I really appreciate the offer, but, I only came here to help Entratpa."
Scorpia says: "I left the Horde, but I'm not gonna betray them."
Scorpia says: "Or Catra."
Glimmer says: "This will save them."
Glimmer says: "Horde Prime could be here at any moment."
Glimmer says: "If he shows up and we're not ready to defend ourselves, everyone loses."
Glimmer says: "Do you really think he'll need to keep Catra around?"
Scorpia gets out of her pillow pile and sits down, Glimmer sits down next to her.
Glimmer says: "We both want to save the people we love."
Glimmer says: "But I can't do it without you."
Scorpia says: "It's hopeless.."
Scorpia says: "What if the Black Garnet doesn't want me?"
Scorpia says: "I just.."
Scorpia says: "kind of get rejected a lot."
Glimmer says: "Tell me about it."
Glimmer says: "My best friends left me."
Glimmer says: "Even before this, I was the weak princess, the one who had to recharge."
Glimmer says: "Who didn't fit."
Glimmer says: "But that's changed now."
Glimmer says: "We've changed now."
Glimmer says: "We're stronger than anyone knows."
Glimmer says: "We can do this."
Glimmer says: "We can save everyone."
Scorpia says: "Everyone?"
Glimmer says: "You're not hopeless."
Glimmer says: "You were born for this."
Glimmer says: "And I'll help you."
Glimmer says: "We're in this together."
Glimmer says: "You're going to make a great princess."
Scorpia hugs Glimmer.
Scorpia says: "Sorry, that was probably too much."
Scorpia says: "Oh wow still going."
Scorpia says: "I'm in."
Scorpia says: "So what now?"
Glimmer says: "Now, we go to save the world."
Scene changes back to Beast Island, everyone rushing out of the ruins Entrapta had shown them.
Micah says: "What's going on, is Glimmer in danger?"
Bow says: "She might be."
Bow says: "We have to get back as soon as we can."
Micah says: "We're going home now?"
Micah says: "That's great!"
Micah says: "Wait, should I bring something back for Glimmer?"
Micah says: "What does she like?"
Micah says: "Does she like bugs?"
Swift Wind says: "Oh, Micah."
Swift Wind says: "No one likes bug."
Entrapta says: "Have a good trip."
Entrapta says: "Come again soon!"
Adora says: "Entrapta, no."
Adora says: "You're coming with us."
Vines start to grow towards Entrapta as she succumbs to the signal.
Entrapta says: "This place.."
Entrapta says: "It's pure information."
Entrapta says: "Everything I've ever dreamed of knowing about the planet, it's all here."
Entrapta says: "So I'm staying."
Adora rushes to Entrapta.
Adora says: "No."
Adora says: "We're not going to leave you."
The Signal drones.
Swift Wind says: "Oh, this is not good."
Entrapta says: "Everything back there with the princesses and then..."
Entrapta says: "with Hordak.."
Entrapta says: "was so.."
Entrapta says: "confusing."
Entrapta says: "I just wasn't suited for friendship."
Entrapta says: "I belong here."
Vines wrap around Entrapta.
Bow says: "Entrapta, please!"
Bow says: "Fight it!"
Bow tears off a piece of the vines on Entrapta, even after, the vine wiggles around as if it's alive.
Adora says: "For the honor of Grayskull!"
Adora transforms into She-ra and tears Entrapta away from the vine's grasp.
She-Ra says: "Head for the ship!"
Micah blasts open the entrance with a spell.
Micah says: "This way!"
Pookahs and other creatures surround the group.
Entrapta tries to push away from She-Ra.
Entrapta says: "Just leave me!"
She-Ra puts Entrapta down then fights the monster.
Bow and Micah shoot the monsters.
One monster dodges and leaves Micah with a painful bite on his lower leg.
A ginormous snake like monster appears and smashes the bridge, leaving the team to fall further into the island's depths. They land.
The snake like monster follows them and attempts to bash the group, but Micah creates a force field just in time.
Entrapta succumbs to the signal.
Bow says: "Entrapta, no!"
Bow says: "The island is affecting you."
Bow says: "You can't give in!"
Entrapta says: "You don't understand, that's ok.."
Entrapta says: "no one understands me.."
Entrapta says: "I tried to be a good friend."
Entrapta says: "But I didn't understand that either."
Bow says: "What?"
Bow says: "Did you think friendship was easy?"
Bow says: "It takes work to be there for other people!"
Bow says: "It takes everything you've got."
Entrapta says: "Everyone leaves me behind.."
Entrapta says: "why should it be any different now?"
Bow says: "Because we're not ever going to leave you behind again!"
Bow says: "And we never gave up on you, even when you were with the Horde!"
Bow says: "Because that's what friends do."
Entrapta says: "You haven't.."
Entrapta says: "given up on me?"
The force field breaks.
She-ra says: "We're out of time!"
She-ra says: "Entrapta, we flew here on an ancient First Ones ship."
She-ra says: "Do you want to see it or not?"
Entrapta immediately stands up, as her normal self, no longer succumbed to the signal.
Entrapta says: "A ship?"
Entrapta says: "You have a First Ones spacecraft?"
Entrapta says: "A First Ones spacecraft that works??"
Entrapta shouts excitedly.
Entrapta says: "I WANNA SEE!"
Swift Wind says: "Uh, hate to interrupt, but theres more monsters coming.."
Swift Wind says: "Like a lot more!"
More giant snake monsters emerge.
Entrapta whistles loudly.
Entrapta's robot from earlier jumps down and roars.
Bow says: "Did anything I said about friendship work for you?"
Bow says: "Or was it all the ship?"
Entrapta says: "Oh definitely the ship."
Entrapta says: "But, thank you."
Entrapta says: "I'm-I'm glad we're friends."
She-ra says: "Guys, we really have to go!"
Swift Wind says: "To the ship!"
Entrapta waves to her robot.
Entrapta says: "Get em' girl!"
Entrapta says: "I'll be back for you, I promise!"
Her robot gives a thumbs up, and continues attacking robots, allowing the group to escape.
Scene changes to the Fright Zone; in Hordak's sanctum.
Hordak test out his new weapon, he points it to She-Ra.
She-Ra says: "No.."
She-Ra says: "You got me!"
She-ra lays on Hordak's table pretending to be dead.
She-ra turns out to be Double Trouble.
Double Trouble says: "Ugh I know, I know.."
Double Trouble says: "Not since you let that princess in..."
Double Trouble shape-shifts their hair into Entrapta's.
Hordak growls.
Double Trouble sneers.
Double Trouble says: "What makes something a sanctum, anyways?"
Double Trouble looks at Hordak's new weapon.
Double Trouble says: "No small talk?"
Double Trouble says: "I thought I'd at least get a pat on the back for my daring escape."
Double Trouble steps on Imps' tail it screeches.
Double Trouble says: "It's too bad though.."
Double Trouble transforms the tip of their tail to look like Imp's while they talk.
Double Trouble says: "I was looking forward to meeting this Entrapta character before I left Bright Moon."
Double Trouble says: "But of course, as you know , she wasn't there."
Hordak says: "What did you say?"
Double Trouble says: "Oh, no need keep up the charade with me."
Double Trouble says: "I figured out the truth."
Double Trouble says: "You had Catra send Entrapta to Beast Island, so She-Ra would run off to rescue her."
Double Trouble says: "A brilliant idea!"
Double Trouble says: "The perfect distraction."
Double Trouble says: "I have to applaud your work, you really had me going."
Double Trouble says: "So scorned by Entrapta's betrayal..."
Double Trouble says: "."
Double Trouble says: "Even now you look like you had no idea!"
Double Trouble says: "Brava."
Double Trouble says: "I mean, I did consider the alternative..."
Double Trouble says: "That Catra's been lying to you this whole time."
Double Trouble says: "That she made you think she was your partner in crime, while really she is the one who betrayed you.."
Double Trouble chuckles.
Double Trouble says: "But between you and me, there's no way she's that good of an actor."
Double Trouble claps their hands together.
Double Trouble says: "Well, I'll leave you to it!"
Double Trouble says: "Congrats again."
Double Trouble says: "Great work all around."
Double Trouble leaves.
Hordak fires his weapon in rage, setting afire everything around him.
Hordak is brought to tears after hearing of Entrapta's death.
Scene changes to She-ra, Entrapta, Bow, Micah, and Swift Wind back at Mara's ship.
Entrapta says: "Hellooo!"
Entrapta says: "It's the most beautiful thing I've ever seen!"
Entrapta says: "How does it work??"
Entrapta says: "What does this button do?"
Entrapta says: "I'm going to push it and find out!"
Bow stops Entrapta from pushing a random button.
Bow says: "Mm."
Bow says: "Take us home to Bright Moon."
The ship powers up.
Micah says: "Huh?"
Micah says: "This is actually real?"
Micah pinches Bow's face.
Bow says: "Um.."
Bow says: "Yes."
Bow says: "Remember we did the pinching thing already?"
Micah says: "Well, still, I couldn't let myself believe..."
Micah says: "Is it all true?"
Micah says: "We're really going home?"
Micah says: "And this horse really talks?"
Swift wind shouts.
Scene changes to Double Trouble dangling their feet off the edge of a balcony while they sit in the Fright Zone.
Double Trouble sends a signal to Glimmer.
Double Trouble says: "Too easy.."
Double Trouble says: "As usual."
Scene changes to Glimmer and Scorpia back at Bright Moon.
Glimmer says: "Are you ready?"
Scorpia says: "Not really."
Glimmer holds Scorpia's claw and the two teleport away, just as Adora and her group's ship land.
Micah says: "Bright Moon."
Micah says: "I'm really home."
Micah walks to Adora and Bow.
Micah says: "Glimmer!"
Micah says: "Glimmer, where are you?"
They all find Shadow Weaver sitting on Glimmer's throne.
Shadow Weaver says: "She's gone."
Shadow Weaver says: "Micah?"
Shadow Weaver says: "Is it really you?"
Micah sends a spell at Shadow Weaver, but she stops it.
Micah says: "What is this traitor doing here?"
Adora says: "Where's Glimmer?"
Scene changes to Fright Zone, Catra walking into Hordak's sanctum.
Catra says: "Hordak?"
Catra says: "You wanted to talk with me?"
Door closes behind Catra.
Catra says: "Come on, I don't have time for this."
Catra says: "Our troops are moving out for Bright Moon as we speak."
Metal clatters.
A harmful blast of energy barely misses Catra.
Hordak says: "Hello, Force Captain."
Credits Roll.