Bow says: "So, wait, hold on."
Bow says: "Where have you two been this whole time again?"
Shadow Weaver says: "While you were traipsing around in space, some of us have been working to stop the Heart of Etheria from falling into Prime's hands."
Shadow Weaver says: "And we discovered the same thing you did."
Shadow Weaver says: "Rumors of a Failsafe that will break the restraints the First Ones built and set the stolen magic free."
Glimmer says: "Are you kidding?"
Glimmer says: "After everything that happened last time, you're still going after the Heart of Etheria?"
Glimmer says: "And you're helping her?"
Castaspella says: "We're trying to free the magic for all of Etheria so we can be strong enough to fight Prime."
Castaspella says: "I'm doing this for your father and for you."
Castaspella says: "Shadow Weaver is the lesser of two evils."
Catra says: "At least you admit she's evil."
Shadow Weaver says: "You're one to talk, aren't you?"
Catra and Melog scowl and Adora calms them.
Adora says: "Tell us what you know about the Failsafe."
Adora says: "What makes you think it's in Mystacor?"
Shadow Weaver says: "As any good sorcerer knows, Mystacor was built on the ruins of an ancient First Ones citadel."
Castaspella says: "Ooh, ooh."
Castaspella says: "Can I tell this part?"
Shadow Weaver says: "Go ahead."
Castaspella says: "Beneath Mystacor, there are many secret tunnels and rooms, forgotten and sealed off."
Castaspella says: "No one has been able to access them in centuries, but there are whispers of what they contain."
Shadow Weaver says: "An artifact known as the Crystal of Arxia, hidden there by a group of traitorous First Ones."
Castaspella says: "You said I could do it!"
Shadow Weaver says: "You were taking too long."
Bow says: "Arxia."
Bow says: "That must be the outpost that Mara's rebels were talking about!"
Bow says: "The Failsafe might be underneath Mystacor!"
Shadow Weaver says: "Reaching it won't be easy."
Shadow Weaver says: "But I have spent my whole life studying the secrets of Mystacor."
Shadow Weaver says: "I can get us in."
Adora says: "If you figured it out on your own, why come back here?"
Adora says: "Why do you need us at all?"
Shadow Weaver says: "Because Mystacor is controlled by Micah, who, you may recall, is controlled by Horde Prime."
Shadow Weaver says: "You have allowed Prime to take too much ground."
Shadow Weaver says: "If he seizes the Heart, it will all be over."
Shadow Weaver says: "There is no more time for half measures, Adora."
Shadow Weaver says: "You must act now."
Adora brushes off Shadow Weaver's hand.
Adora says: "It's the only lead we have."
Adora says: "We have to try."
Adora says: "It'll have to be a stealth mission."
Adora says: "Catra, do you think you and Melog can--?"
They are gone.
Shadow Weaver says: "Oh, leave her to sulk."
Shadow Weaver says: "We can't let her slow us down."
Adora says: "You guys get ready."
Adora says: "I'll find her."
Theme Song.
Adora says: "Catra."
Adora says: "Are you coming with us to Mystacor?"
Catra says: "Why would I do that?"
Catra says: "Seems like you and Shadow Weaver have it handled."
Adora sits beside her.
Catra says: "{sighs} After everything she's done to us, you're really going to follow her?"
Adora says: "I don't like it either, but this is the only plan we have."
Adora says: "The Failsafe could finally save Etheria."
Catra rolls away from Adora.
Adora says: "Shadow Weaver hurt us."
Adora says: "I haven't forgotten that."
Adora says: "But Prime is hurting so many more people."
Adora says: "I need to stop him, Catra."
Catra says: "I know, I know."
Catra says: "You have to go save the world."
Catra says: "Spare me the speech."
Adora says: "Hey, she can't do anything to us anymore."
Adora says: "Please, come."
Adora says: "We--I could really use your help."
Adora touches Catra's shoulder and Catra's eyes widen.
Catra says: "Fine."
Catra says: "But I'm only doing this to make sure Shadow Weaver doesn't try anything."
Catra says: "Not because I like you."
Melog topples Adora.
Adora strokes Melog's chin and Catra grins. Meanwhile, Netossa sits at Spinnerella's bedside and they both wave as Bow passes. Entrapta grabs Bow.
Entrapta says: "Bow!"
Entrapta says: "I need to talk to you!"
Entrapta says: "I was finally able to remove Spinnerella's chip, but it was a lot more difficult than removing Catra's."
Entrapta says: "The chip had almost entirely fused to her nervous system."
Entrapta says: "If we'd waited any longer, I'm not sure we would've been able to get it off at all."
Entrapta says: "The chip would've become a part of her."
Bow says: "That means we're running out of time to save everyone else."
Entrapta says: "Yes."
Entrapta says: "Luckily, I've got an idea."
Entrapta says: "This is the network that connects all the chips to Prime's hivemind."
Entrapta says: "If I can just figure out how to crack his signal pattern, I could disrupt it, severing his connection to the chips and taking them all offline at once!"
Bow says: "That's amazing!"
Bow says: "We could free everyone on Etheria!"
Bow says: "You're a genius, Entrapta."
Bow says: "Just keep working on it until you get it."
Bow says: "We'll be back later tonight."
Entrapta says: "You got it!"
He walks away and Entrapta works on her computer.
Glimmer teleports Melog, Catra, Adora, Bow, Castaspella, and Shadow Weaver to the entrance of Mystacor. Melog turns the group invisible and they cross the grounds in a pack. A sorceress with long gray hair wearing a purple robe walks past.
She stops as they creep up behind her, gripping a staff with a diamond pointed tip. She turns and opens her eyes, and they glow green. The sorceress looks around, then continues on. Melog envelopes the group in an invisibility fog and they enter the fortress.
She extends her arm to stop the others as a figure appears at the end of a corridor. Glimmer startles.
Micah stands at the end of the hallway, his eyes glowing green and his face set in a frown. He narrows his eyes as he glares down the corridor, and tears well in Glimmer's eyes. Castaspella puts an arm around Glimmer's shoulders, tears running down her own cheeks. Micah glares, then strides off. Shadow Weaver waves them forward. They run down the hall and stand outside a round purple room with a raised platform in the middle. Catra peers inside.
Catra says: "No sorcerers here."
Shadow Weaver says: "Keep your voice down."
Catra says: "Don't touch me!"
A sorceror appears and casts a spell at the group. They hide and Adora runs forward.
Adora says: "For the Honor of Grayskull!"
Adora raises her arm and nothing happens. The sorcerer blasts another spell and Adora cowers. Castaspella casts the sorcerer down.
Shadow Weaver says: "We have to hurry!"
Shadow Weaver takes Castaspella's arm and they hurry on.
At the shelter, Swift Wind stands at the entrance as Entrapta exits with a tracker pad.
Entrapta says: "Hmm."
Swift Wind says: "Uh, hey there, where're you going?"
Entrapta says: "I'm so close to cracking Prime's signal pattern!"
Entrapta says: "But Spinnerella's chip's not enough."
Entrapta says: "I need to find a place with a high concentration of clones so I can analyze their connection to the hivemind!"
Swift Wind says: "Whoa."
Swift Wind says: "Wait, wait, wait."
Swift Wind says: "You're just gonna walk into a place that's crawling with clones?"
Entrapta says: "Yep!"
Swift Wind says: "Ugh, there's no way I'm going to stop you from doing this, is there?"
Entrapta says: "Nope!"
Swift Wind says: "Oh, this is a terrible idea."
Swift Wind says: "Hop on."
Swift Wind says: "I can get you there faster, and get you out if there's trouble."
Entrapta says: "Works for me!"
Entrapta says: "Thanks, Bird Horse!"
Swift Wind says: "For the last time, I'm not--Just get this over with."
She hops on Swift Wind's back and they fly off.
Shadow Weaver leads the group as they run down the hall. Passing towering statues of sorcerers along the wall, Shadow Weaver stops.
Shadow Weaver says: "We're here."
Shadow Weaver says: "Follow my lead."
Castaspella says: "Would a "please" kill you?"
Shadow Weaver and Castaspella work together to cast a diamond shaped spell at a sorcerer on the wall. The spell glows over the image and the wall opens. They hurry inside, and the opening closes behind them. They are in a dark hallway and the walls are covered in symbols. Glimmer creates a ball of light in her hand and sends it into the air, illuminating the walkway. .
Glimmer says: "Whoa."
Catra crosses her arms.
Adora says: "Hey, are you--?"
Catra says: "I'm fine."
Adora says: "Catra, it'll be okay."
Adora says: "Trust me."
Catra looks at Adora.
Shadow Weaver says: "There's no time to waste."
Shadow Weaver says: "News of our presence will have reached the others by now after that..."
Shadow Weaver says: "disturbance."
Catra scowls.
Adora says: "Come on."
Adora says: "We have to keep moving."
Catra and Shadow Weaver glare, then they continue forward. Bow touches the wall.
Bow says: "What is all of this?"
Castaspella says: "We're on the right path."
Castaspella says: "The Crystal of Arxia was rumored to be the key to reaching deep magic within Etheria."
Castaspella says: "Many have tried, and failed, to find it."
Castaspella says: "But those who hungered for more power have long sought other ways to obtain the deep magic..."
Castaspella says: "with disastrous results."
Shadow Weaver says: "The Spell of Obtainment was a mistake, one for which I've paid the price."
Shadow Weaver says: "I don't see why you keep bringing it up."
Castaspella says: "You roped my brother into your twisted dark magic when he was only a child."
Castaspella says: "You could've killed him."
Shadow Weaver says: "It would've worked had he not broken the connection."
Shadow Weaver says: "Micah was an exceptional sorcerer, even then."
Shadow Weaver says: "It's a shame it didn't run in the family."
Castaspella scowls at Shadow Weaver, then brushes past her. The others follow.
Meanwhile, Swift Wind peers through bushes at a structure at a Horde Camp.
Swift Wind says: "What is going on over there?"
He looks down at a diamond pattern on the ground and paws at it with his hoof.
Entrapta says: "The patern is incredibly complex."
Entrapta says: "I need more connections."
Swift Wind says: "No way!"
Swift Wind says: "Whatever's going on here, it's not good."
Swift Wind says: "No tech is worth you getting captured by Prime!"
Entrapta says: "This isn't about tech."
Entrapta says: "It's about our chipped friends."
Entrapta says: "If I can get this to work, I can save them."
Swift Wind says: "{groans} Oh, okay, but be quick."
Swift Wind says: "I'll cover you from behind."
Swift Wind says: "Please be careful."
Entrapta leaps in a tree, then bounds down close to the camp. She looks at a cluster of clones, then down on her tracker pad. Green lights glow.
Entrapta says: "Yes!"
Entrapta says: "I've got it!"
A clone spots her.
Hordak says: "Ahh."
Entrapta says: "Uh-oh."
Shadow Weaver leads the group to a room with a round purple emblem on the floor. Adora steps forward.
Shadow Weaver says: "Wait!"
Fire surrounds her.
Catra says: "Adora!"
Catra leaps and pulls her out of the flames.
Adora says: "I'm okay."
Adora says: "I'm okay."
They smile at each other.
Adora says: "Did you just jump into fire for me?"
Catra says: "What?"
Catra says: "No!"
Catra says: "Shut up!"
Adora says: "You did."
Glimmer says: "It's an illusion!"
Shadow Weaver says: "Some of the fire is illusory, and some is real."
Shadow Weaver says: "Everyone, be careful."
Shadow Weaver gestures, and Castaspella leads the way through the flames. The others follow, but Adora hangs back. She calms herself and enters the fiery path. Castaspella continues along the path, as flames lick up around her. Adora lags behind and looks at her hands. She clenches them into fists. Shadow Weaver walks beside her.
Shadow Weaver says: "I see you and Catra are close again."
Adora eyes her, looking angry.
Shadow Weaver says: "Do you really think that's wise?"
Adora says: "It's none of your business."
Shadow Weaver says: "But it is."
Shadow Weaver says: "If your emotions are blocking you from becoming She-Ra, it's all of Etheria's business."
Shadow Weaver says: "How long has it been since you were able to transform?"
Adora says: "It's been happening ever since the Fright Zone."
Adora says: "What if..."
Adora says: "?"
Adora says: "What if I'm losing her?"
Shadow Weaver says: "She-Ra is a being of pure magic."
Shadow Weaver says: "To unleash her full strength, you must be focused, clearheaded."
Shadow Weaver says: "But you are letting your emotions pull you in too many directions."
Shadow Weaver says: "Catra, she distracts you, confuses you."
Shadow Weaver says: "Haven't you hurt each other enough?"
Shadow Weaver says: "If you care about her, focus on protecting her."
Shadow Weaver says: "The world needs you as She-Ra right now, not Adora."
Shadow Weaver says: "And if She-Ra can't stop Prime, then we are all doomed."
Adora says: "I will stop Prime."
Adora says: "No matter what."
Catra overhears.
Hordak says: "{growls} Who are you?"
Hordak says: "What are you doing here?"
Hordak pins Entrapta to a boulder and she looks up at him.
Hordak says: "Why do I know your face?"
Entrapta says: "Hordak?"
Hordak says: "No, do not say that name to me."
Hordak says: "I have no name."
He turns and opens his palm, feeling a purple diamond-shaped piece of tech.
Hordak says: "What have you done to me?"
Entrapta says: "You do remember me."
Entrapta says: "I knew you would."
Swift Wind says: "{neighs} Get away from her!"
Swift Wind says: "Entrapta, let's go!"
Swift Wind drags her away, and she meets Hordak's puzzled gaze.
Hordak says: "Go."
Hordak says: "Maybe then these memories, these imperfections, will leave me."
Entrapta says: "Remember!"
Entrapta says: "Your imperfections are beautiful!"
Hordak stares at Entrapta.
Shadow Weaver leads the group through the flames and they reach a giant crystal structure.
Bow says: "Whoa."
Glimmer says: "That is the Failsafe?"
Bow says: "It's bigger than I thought it'd be."
Bow says: "How are we gonna get that to the Heart?"
Shadow Weaver says: "The Failsafe is a code."
Shadow Weaver says: "It's stored inside of the Crystal."
Adora says: "So, what do we--?"
Shadow Weaver says: "It needs a password."
She places Adora's hand on it.
Shadow Weaver says: "I think you already know what it is."
Adora says: "We're friends of Mara."
A light radiates up the crystal and it cracks open. The crystal breaks into three sections and a triangular light connects them. The crystals are covered with symbols.
Glimmer says: "What does it say?"
Adora says: ""Someone needs to go inside and accept the Failsafe"?"
Adora says: "What does that mean?"
Shadow Weaver says: "It means the Failsafe must be bonded to a willing soul and carried to the Heart of Etheria in their body in order to be deployed."
Bow says: "And we're sure that's safe?"
Shadow Weaver says: "We can't turn back now."
Shadow Weaver says: "The Failsafe is within our grasp."
Adora looks up, then strides forward as a light crackles over the crystals. Catra runs toward her.
Catra says: "Adora, don't go in there."
Shadow Weaver says: "Catra, this is not the time."
Shadow Weaver says: "Someone must take the Failsafe."
Catra says: "So, you do it, then."
Catra says: "I've been watching you the whole way in."
Catra says: "You've been in here before, haven't you?"
Catra says: "You could've taken the Failsafe yourself and gotten all the power you've ever wanted."
Catra says: "But you didn't."
Catra says: "Why?"
Shadow Weaver says: "You're being paranoid."
Shadow Weaver says: "This is the only way to stop Prime."
Shadow Weaver says: "Adora understands that well enough."
Catra says: "Why does it have to be Adora?"
Catra says: "What is going to happen to her?"
Catra says: "What aren't you telling us?"
Shadow Weaver narrows her eyes and takes a few steps backwards. The others stare at her.
Castaspella says: "Answer the question."
Shadow Weaver says: "Whoever uses the Failsafe must absorb the full magic of the Heart when it is destroyed."
Shadow Weaver says: "That much raw magical power would burn any mere mortal apart."
Shadow Weaver says: "None of us are strong enough."
Adora says: "But She-Ra is."
Shadow Weaver says: "Only She-Ra can hope to survive the process."
Shadow Weaver says: "No one else can do it."
Adora turns to the crystal.
Adora says: "And if I don't survive it?"
Shadow Weaver says: "Then the magic will be restored to Etheria through your sacrifice."
Shadow Weaver says: "You will give us the power to bring us victory."
Shadow Weaver says: "Prime will be defeated."
Shadow Weaver says: "Your friends will be free."
Castaspella says: "You were planning this all along!"
Catra says: "Why are you surprised by this?"
Glimmer says: "It's not going to work!"
Bow says: "There is no way we're risking Adora like that!"
Adora says: "Stop it!"
Adora turns to face the group.
Adora says: "I'll do it."
Catra says: "No."
Catra says: "What?"
Catra says: "What's wrong with you?"
Catra says: "Shadow Weaver is sacrificing you."
Catra says: "Why can't you see that?"
Adora says: "Because even if she is, it's better than Prime getting the Heart and destroying the universe!"
Adora says: "We're out of options."
Adora says: "This is the only way."
Castaspella whirls around.
Micah says: "Well, look who it is."
Micah appears with two sorcerers. He casts a spell and Adora shoves Catra aside.
Catra says: "Adora!"
His spell binds Adora in black smoky ropes. Catra and Melog lunge and Micah, tumbling him. Bow fires arrows at a sorceress.
Bow says: "Whoa!"
Shadow Weaver is hit.
Glimmer says: "Dad!"
Micah says: "Hello, daughter."
Micah says: "I'm so pleased to see you."
Micah says: "And you, sister."
He looks at Castaspella, then Shadow Weaver.
Micah says: "Her, not so much."
Glimmer casts at Micah and he repels her spell with dark energy. He casts at her. She teleports as he blasts at her.
Adora says: "Glimmer!"
Then she falls.
Adora says: "For the Honor of Grayskull!"
Adora says: "No."
A weak image of a sword flickers, then vanishes. Catra and Melog battle and sorceress, as Castaspella faces her brother. They cast spells at each other. Bow fires an arrow that turns into net. A sorceress breaks the net and blasts spikes at Bow.
Bow says: "We have to get out of here!"
Shadow Weaver says: "The Failsafe!"
Shadow Weaver says: "We can't!"
Adora gazes up at the crystal, then stands.
Catra says: "Adora, no!"
Catra says: "Please."
Catra says: "It doesn't always have to be you!"
Adora dashes inside.
Catra says: "Adora!"
Adora steps on a circle symbol beneath the crystal and light beams down over her. Tendrils of glowing energy enter her body.
She's lifted off the ground. Micah fumes.
Micah says: "Ahh."
He casts a black spell that seeps over the floor trapping Catra, Shadow Weaver, and Glimmer.
Glimmer says: "What's happening?"
Glimmer says: "Is that--?"
Micah says: "Dark magic."
Micah says: "After all, I learned from the best."
Castaspella says: "{gasps} Micah, no!"
He binds Castaspella and lifts her into the air. The black shadow slithers over the crystals.
Adora looks back as the others struggle in the dark energy. Adora grits her teeth and shuts her eyes closed.
Adora says: "For the Honor of Grayskull!"
A white light fills the room and the dark energy is blasted away.
She-Ra emerges from the light and swings the sword. She knocks down Micah and his sorceresses.
She-Ra says: "I've got it."
She-Ra says: "I've got the Failsafe."
She-Ra says: "Let's get out of here."
A symbol glows on She-Ra's chest and she extends her hand to Catra. Catra looks up, then runs away with Melog. Bow and Glimmer help Castaspella up.
Glimmer glances back, then leaves the room. As the door waves, She-Ra swings her sword and chunks of the walls and ceiling crumble, blocking off the chamber. She-Ra turns and runs after her friends.
Entrapta works at her computer. An image of Hordak appears on-screen and she smiles. Bow and Glimmer sleep in side-by-side cots. He reaches out to touch her arm. Adora is asleep on a cot and Catra is perched on a wall watching her. The Failsafe symbol glows on Adora's chest and Catra frowns. Catra leaps down and Melog looks back.
Catra collects a backpack. She walks away, and Melog follows. Adora wakes and sits up in bed. She eyes Catra's empty bed.
Adora says: "Catra."
Catra and Melog walk away from the shelter.
Catra wears an angry expression on her face, as she strides forward, Melog at her side.
Adora says: "Catra?"
Adora looks out of the shelter. Catra stops, then breaks into a run.
Adora says: "Catra, stop!"
Adora races after her. Catra leaps in a tree and Adora pulls her down. She pulls away and Adora grabs her leg.
Adora says: "You were just gonna leave?"
Catra says: "I'm doing you a favor."
Catra says: "I'm a distraction, right?"
Catra says: "Now you can go save the world without having to worry about me confusing you."
Adora says: "No, that's not true."
Adora says: "Don't listen to Shadow Weaver."
Adora says: "This isn't about her."
Catra shoves Adora.
Catra says: "Why?"
Catra says: "Why are you like this?"
Catra says: "Why do you always have to sacrifice everything for everyone else?"
Catra says: "When do you get to choose?"
Tears form in Catra's eyes.
Catra says: "What do you want, Adora?"
Adora says: "I..."
Adora says: "I have to do this, Catra."
Adora says: "I'm the only one who can."
Catra says: "Then do it."
Catra says: "That's what you want."
Catra says: "That's what you'll always choose."
Catra says: "I don't have to stay and watch it happen."
Adora says: "Catra, please, stay."
Adora says: "I need you."
Catra says: "No, you don't."
Catra says: "You never have."
Melog turns them invisible and they disappear.
Adora says: "Catra!"
After, Adora returns to the shelter, gripping Catra's backpack.
Shadow Weaver says: "Adora, you made the right choice."
Shadow Weaver says: "Don't let Catra convince you otherwise."
Shadow Weaver says: "She's never understood."
Adora says: "Stop!"
Adora says: "I will never forgive you."
Adora says: "You ruin people."
Adora says: "You ruin any chance they could ever be happy."
Adora says: "Haven't you done enough?"
Shadow Weaver says: "I did what I had to do."
Adora says: "Keep telling yourself that."
Adora says: "I'm going to take the Failsafe to the Heart, and I'm going to save Etheria."
Adora says: "But I am not doing it for you."
Adora says: "I'll do everything I can to make sure you never get your hands on the magic."
Adora storms off, leaving Shadow Weaver outside the shelter.
Credits Roll.