Inside of the shelter in Etheria, Wrong Hordak watches Entrapta as she works on her computer.
Netossa and Spinnerella snuggle.
Perfuma puts flowers in Frosta's hair and Sea Hawk talks to Castaspella. Adora stands alone, gazing into a mirror. She touches the glowing symbol on her chest and ties her hair back in a ponytail. She extends her arm and tries to make her sword appear. She squeezes her eyes shut.
Adora transforms into She-Ra.
Perfuma says: "These flowers really bring out the color in your eyes."
Swift Wind says: "Bow, could you stop playing that thing?"
Bow says: "Hey, I'm still learning."
Glimmer says: "Well, I like it."
Bow says: "Hey..."
She-Ra faces them.
She-Ra says: "Prime is getting closer every day to figuring out how to access the Heart of Etheria."
She-Ra says: "If he succeeds, he can use it to destroy worlds, galaxies, maybe even the entire universe."
She-Ra says: "The Failsafe is our only chance at stopping him."
She-Ra says: "But Prime still has our friends."
She-Ra says: "His hold over them grows stronger every day they're chipped."
She-Ra says: "If we don't free them now, we might lose them forever."
She-Ra says: "Prime holds every advantage in this fight."
She-Ra says: "He'll be ready for us."
She-Ra says: "But we have a plan."
She-Ra says: "Entrapta?"
Entrapta says: "I finally succeeded in cracking Prime's signal pattern."
Entrapta says: "If I get access to his Spire network, I can use it to broadcast a jamming frequency that will disable all of the chips on Etheria, freeing everyone at once!"
She-Ra says: "I need you all to get Entrapta to the Spire and keep Prime's forces distracted while she jams the signal."
She-Ra says: "I'm gonna take the Failsafe to the Heart and destroy it, once and for all."
She-Ra says: "We're going to make sure that Prime can never hurt anyone ever again."
She-Ra says: "We're ending this today."
She-Ra says: "For good."
Entrapta says: "Yeah!"
Off in the distance, She-Ra spots Shadow Weaver standing alone. The others celebrate and She-Ra's image flickers.
She runs outside, and Glimmer glances back. Outside the shelter, She-Ra turns back into Adora. She looks at the dark forest, wearing a sad expression on her face.
Adora says: "Oh."
Bow says: "You weren't trying to sneak out without us, were you?"
Glimmer says: "Any sign of Catra?"
Adora says: "She's not coming back."
Adora says: "Are you sure you guys should come?"
Adora says: "We don't know what to expect from the Heart of Etheria."
Adora says: "It could be dangerous for you."
Bow says: "There's no way we're letting you do this on your own."
Bow says: "Whatever we find, we fix this together."
They embrace, and Adora smiles, then closes her eyes.
Adora says: "For the honor of Grayskull!"
Theme Song.
She-Ra, Bow, and Glimmer enter the Crystal Castle.
Light Hope says: "Warning."
Light Hope says: "Planetary facilitator Light Hope protocol offline."
Light Hope says: "Manual administrator access not recommended at this time."
She-Ra says: "We're friends of Mara."
She-Ra says: "Now show us where the Heart of Etheria is."
The holographic image scans She-Ra.
Light Hope says: "Welcome, friends of Mara."
The symbol glows, then an opening appears. Bow and Glimmer hold She-Ra's hands and they smile at each other. She-Ra glances back as they enter together.
Catra rides Melog through the forest. Melog stops, tossing her to the ground.
Catra says: "{yells} Ow!"
Catra says: "What's wrong with you?!"
Catra says: "!"
Catra says: "Stop it!"
Catra says: "Stop it!"
Catra says: "I told you, I'm not going back."
Melog pins her to the ground.
Catra says: "{grunting} You saw what happened!"
Catra says: "Adora chose Shadow Weaver, okay?"
Catra says: "Not me!"
Catra says: "Adora doesn't want me!"
Catra says: "Not like I want her."
Her eyes brim with tears and Melog licks her cheek. She hugs Melog.
Melog turns them invisible as a clone passes. Still invisible, Catra follows the clone. Horde ships hover in the sky over the site and a Horde Spire perches on the dirt, surrounded by clones.
A purple cyclone rises off the ground and Spinnerella fires at the clones. The clones return fire as Frosta, Netossa, Perfuma, Sea Hawk, and Castaspella emerge from the wind and battle the enemies.
Frosta says: "Hey, bot-faces!"
Frosta says: "Come and get us!"
Netossa eyes Spinnerellla.
Netossa says: "{chuckles} Plenty for both of us."
They run into battle as clones fire.
Wrong Hordak says: "Brothers."
Wrong Hordak says: "It is I, a faithful acolyte of Horde Prime, just like you."
Wrong Hordak shoves them and Swift Wind kicks them.
Entrapta says: "Nice work, Wrong Hordak."
Wrong Hordak winks as Entrapta runs inside. Netossa swings a net, knocking down a clone and Spinnerella blasts away Horde ships with blasts of wind. Castaspella casts magic spells and downs clones and their ships.
Castaspella says: "{chukcles} Oh!"
Castaspella says: "This is so exciting!"
Sea Hawk says: "Perforation!"
Perfuma says: "We have to keep their attention on us until Entrapta can finish."
Entrapta hides inside and dodges a clone.
She finds the control room.
Entrapta says: "{gasps} Wow."
She eyes a towering control panel and sets up her computer equipment.
Entrapta says: "Okay, Entrapta, you got this."
Entrapta says: "You got this."
At the Crystal Castle, She-Ra walks down a hallway. Glimmer looks at her sadly.
Glimmer says: "Are you scared?"
She-Ra says: "No."
She-Ra says: "I just really hope this works."
Bow says: "It's okay, Adora."
Bow says: "We'll be with you the whole way."
Bow says: "When we get back, it'll be a whole new world."
She-Ra says: "Did you guys hear that?"
Glimmer says: "What?"
She-Ra says: "Catra?"
She-Ra spots Catra.
Catra says: "Hey, Adora."
Bow says: "Adora!"
They room changes and Catra becomes a younger girl, then her current self walking on Prime's ship, Mara's ship, then the Fright Zone. Catra faces She-Ra and cups her face and the women press their foreheads together. Catra disappears and She-Ra is in the Crystal Castle again.
Bow says: "You're going the wrong way."
Bow says: "The trail is back there."
Bow says: "You okay?"
She-Ra says: "We need to be careful."
She-Ra says: "It looks like this place can still project memories."
She-Ra says: "We can't let it distract us."
She strides past her friends.
In the forest, Catra trails the clone. She spots symbols in the dirt, then looks up in horror.
Catra says: "What?"
The clone walks into a Horde camp. A huge green triangular blade hangs in a structure pointing down at the ground as clones stand guard. Beneath the probe, a purple light shines from a cluster of crystals buried underground.
The clone lowers the hood, revealing the chip in his neck. He glances back, but Catra is hidden. He continues on, and Catra trembles in fear.
On Prime's ship, Horde Prime addresses his troops.
Horde Prime says: "My brothers."
Horde Prime says: "The time has come at last."
Horde Prime says: "No longer shall She-Ra stand in my way."
Horde Prime says: "The Heart shall be laid bare, its power mine for the taking."
Clones says: "Cast out the shadows."
Clones says: "Bring the universe to Prime's light."
Clones says: "Cast out the shadows."
Clones says: "Bring the universe to Prime's light."
Clones says: "Cast out the shadows."
Clones says: "Bring the universe to Prime's light."
Horde Prime says: "Begin the acquisition process."
He presses the Horde symbol on his screen and it flashes. A green light beams over the camp and Catra startles.
The green probe lowers towards the ground. Clone guards stand on a circular wall surrounding the sight. Prime presses the symbol again and the blade begins to whirl and lower towards the purple crystals. A bright florescent green light emanates from the ground and spreads over the camp. Aboard the ship, tubes run into Prime's body and he raises his arms as an image of the planet glows with green light. Catra watches as green light symbols spread over the ground and through the forest.
Catra says: "Adora."
Catra says: "We have to warn Adora!"
She rides off on Melog.
Glimmer says: "Adora?"
Bow says: "Adora!"
Adora's eyes dart around and her image flickers. She is standing in the forest, her sword nearby, tangled in a heap of vines.
Bow says: "Adora!"
She touches her chest.
Bow says: "Adora, are you okay?"
Glimmer says: "What's going on?"
She-Ra says: "I think I know."
She-Ra says: "This place is responding to my memories."
She-Ra says: "I think I'm doing this."
Bow says: "So, why here?"
Bow says: "And how do we get out?"
She-Ra says: "When I broke the Sword, I thought..."
She-Ra says: "I thought I could make my own destiny."
She-Ra says: "But I can't."
She-Ra says: "It was always going to end like this."
Glimmer says: "What do you mean, "end"?"
Glimmer says: "Adora!"
She-Ra says: "I'm losing her."
She-Ra says: "I'm distracted and confused, and I'm scared."
She-Ra says: "And I can't be any of those things if this is going to work."
She weeps.
She-Ra says: "I need to go the rest of the way by myself."
Bow says: "Adora, no!"
Bow says: "You don't have to do this!"
She-Ra says: "I love you guys so much."
She-Ra says: "I never could have done any of this without you."
She-Ra says: "Thank you for being the best friends anyone could ask for."
Gimmer says: "Adora!"
She grips the sword and light flashes. Glimmer and Bow shield their eyes and She-Ra is gone. The forest transforms back into the Crystal Castle. Bow and Glimmer embrace, tears streaming down their faces.
Symbols glow on the walls.
At the shelter, Catra finds Shadow Weaver.
Catra says: "{panting} Adora!"
Catra says: "Adora!"
Shadow Weaver says: "She's not here."
Catra says: "What do you mean, she's not here?"
Catra says: "Where is she?"
Shadow Weaver says: "She's gone to the Heart of Etheria to free the magic and become the hero she was born to be."
Catra says: "Enough!"
Catra says: "This isn't about you and your messed-up power trip anymore."
Catra says: "Prime is doing something to the planet."
Catra says: "He's infecting it."
Catra says: "He's going for the Heart."
The green light swirls.
Clone says: "The last of Etheria's security protocols have been breached, Lord Prime."
Clone says: "Planetary acquisition is at 20 percent."
Entrapta works on her computer.
Entrapta says: "Oh..."
Entrapta says: "Almost."
She disappears in a flash of green light and lands on Horde Prime's ship.
Horde Prime says: "Welcome, little rebel."
Horde Prime says: "You're just in time to witness the end of your world."
Netossa and Spinnerella battle Horde clones. Beams of green light shine down, releasing dozens of guards on the ground and perched on hilltops. The Princesses are surrounded.
Frosta says: "Why aren't they shooting?"
Water covers the ground.
Perfuma says: "Oh, no."
Red zaps of strike them and they collapse in the water. Behind them, Scorpia has her pincers dipped in the water and Mermista is beside her. Perfuma's eyes flutter as she tries to focus. A giant holographic image of Horde Prime rises up in the sky.
Horde Prime says: "Rejoice, Etheria, for your day of reckoning has come."
Horde Prime says: "I offered you mercy."
Horde Prime says: "But you have spurned my good graces."
Horde Prime says: "So be it."
Perfuma says: "Entrapta!"
Entrapta says: "I'm sorry."
Horde Prime says: "Your resistance has been for naught."
Horde Prime says: "Your She-Ra has abandoned you."
Horde Prime says: "All that is left for your world is a terrible and eternal night."
Catra says: "Take us to Adora."
Catra says: "Now!"
Shadow Weaver says: "She's too far away by now."
Shadow Weaver says: "We'd never reach her in time."
Catra says: "No."
Catra says: "Use your magic."
Catra says: "I know you have more power than you're letting on."
Shadow Weaver says: "It doesn't work that way, Catra!"
Catra says: "You've done it before!"
Catra says: "When you abandoned me in the Fright Zone."
Catra says: "And you've always been able to track us our whole lives."
Catra says: "So, do something good with it and help me save Adora before it's too late!"
Shadow Weaver reaches into her robe pocket and pulls out a little jar. She extends her hand to Catra.
Shadow Weaver says: "Come here."
Catra takes her hand.
Glimmer says: "Adora!"
Glimmer says: "Adora!"
A purple circle glows on the floor and Shadow Weaver and Catra appear.
Bow says: "Catra?"
Catra says: "Where's Adora?"
Glimmer says: "She..."
Glimmer says: "She left us."
Glimmer says: "She's headed to the Heart on her own."
Catra says: "Of course she's gone!"
Catra says: "That's what she does, isn't it?"
Bow says: "Catra, what is going on?"
Catra says: "Horde Prime is onto you."
Catra says: "He's hacking into the planet."
Catra says: "All of this is from him."
Bow says: "He's gonna take the Heart."
Catra says: "That's not all."
Catra says: "He's got Entrapta."
Bow says: "If Prime has Entrapta, that means the other princesses are still chipped."
Bow says: "We have to get back up there."
Glimmer says: "We can't just leave Adora!"
Catra says: "I'll stay."
Catra says: "I'll find her."
Glimmer says: "Catra..."
Catra says: "I can't lose her again, okay?"
Catra says: "I promised her a long time ago that I'd look out for her."
Catra says: "It's time I made good on that."
Glimmer smiles and embraces Catra.
Glimmer says: "Take care of her, Horde scum."
Catra says: "That's the plan, Sparkles."
Catra says: "And good luck."
Bow says: "The four of us don't need luck."
Bow says: "We're the Best Friend Squad."
Catra grins and pets Melog.
Catra says: "Get them there safe, okay?"
Melog circles around Glimmer and Bow.
They teleport to the Horde camp.
Bow says: "Go help the Princesses!"
Bow says: "I'll handle the signal."
Glimmer hugs him.
Glimmer says: "Bow..."
Glimmer says: "I love you."
Glimmer says: "I love you."
Bow says: "I love you, too."
He kisses her forehead.
Bow says: "Be careful, okay?"
Glimmer says: "Me?"
Glimmer says: "I'm always careful."
Bow and Melog run off and Glimmer turns around. She teleports away.
Meanwhile, She-Ra opens her eyes. She stands, overlooking a lush green valley in Etheria. As light shimmers, another warrior princess appears beside her. It is Mara. Adora looks at her.
Adora says: "I'm going to save Etheria, no matter what it takes."
Adora says: "Your sacrifice won't be in vain."
Adora says: "I promise."
Mara says: "But at what cost?"
Mara says: "I never wanted to die."
Mara says: "I sacrificed myself so you would never have to."
Mara says: "Why are you doing this, Adora?"
Adora says: "It's better this way."
Adora says: "My friends will be safe."
Adora says: "They'll be happy."
Mara says: "And you?"
Mara says: "What do you want when this is all over?"
Adora says: "I..."
Adora says: "It doesn't matter."
Adora says: "I'm She-Ra."
Adora says: "This is what I'm supposed to do."
The image flickers and Mara takes her hands.
Mara says: "You're worth more than what you can give to other people."
Mara says: "You deserve love, too."
Mara says: "You're so close, Adora."
Mara says: "Don't give up yet."
Adora says: "Mara?"
Adora says: "What's--?"
Horde Prime appears.
Horde Prime says: "Ah."
Horde Prime says: "Adora."
Horde Prime says: "So, this is where you've run to hide."
Meanwhile, Mermista and Scorpia battle the Princesses. Mermista blasts water and Scorpia fires electric shocks. Netossa shields herself with a net and Perfuma blocks herself with greenery. Swift Wind is knocked down. Spinnerella blasts clones with gusts of wind and Frosta repels the clones fiery lasers with sheets of ice.
Perfuma says: "There's too many!"
Perfuma says: "We have to retreat!"
Netossa says: "Retreat where?"
Netossa says: "We're totally surrounded."
Glimmer arrives overhead.
She pounds the ground and levels the clones. Her friends are stunned.
Frosta says: "{laughing} Yeah!"
Glimmer says: "Miss me?"
Frosta says: "Yes, but also, behind you!"
A giant wave cascades behind them and Mermista sends the water flowing over the camp. Glimmer waves her hands in the air and casts a spell. She creates a huge pink ball of energy that shields the Princesses but the clones are washed away in the water. Castaspella helps Glimmer and they gather the water into a giant bubble and hurl it away. The water bubble knocks Mermista down.
Sea Hawk says: "Mermista."
Sea Hawk says: "Horde Prime thinks he controls you."
Sea Hawk says: "But I know you."
Sea Hawk says: "And I'm gonna prove it to you with the power of shanty!"
Sea Hawk says: "Oh--Whoa!"
Sea Hawk says: "Downward!"
Mermista fires water at Sea Hawk and he dives behind boulders.
Sea Hawk says: "{yelling} You know, this is actually kind of nice."
Sea Hawk says: "Doesn't it remind you of the first time we met?"
Sea Hawk says: "You also tried to kill me then."
He runs as she blasts water.
She knocks him to the ground.
Sea Hawk says: "{groans, then gasps} Couldn't wait to sweep me off my feet?"
Mermista says: "{growls} Why are you like this?"
Sea Hawk says: "Because I love you, dearest."
Sea Hawk says: "And also, it's a good distraction."
Perfuma shoves Mermista into Sea Hawk's arms and her chip crackles.
Sea Hawk says: "Please forgive me for that when you're back to normal."
Frosta says: "Uh, guys?"
Frosta says: "Did anyone see where Scorpia went?"
Bow and Melog burst onto Prime's ship. Bow quickly fires arrows, hitting two clones. They enter the control room and Bow spots Entrapta's computer equipment. They run towards it and Scorpia appears behind them. Outside, Glimmer looks at the base.
Glimmer says: "I'm gonna help Bow with the signal."
Glimmer says: "Aunt Casta, can you--?"
She turns around to find Castaspella frozen in place. Her image in shadow and her mouth open in fear. A blackness seeps over the ground and Glimmer teleports away. She looks back to see Sea Hawk and the Princesses frozen in shadow as well. A purple and black smoke rises from the ground and Micah appears.
Micah says: "Hello, baby girl."
Prime approaches Adora and Mara.
Adora says: "You're not here."
Adora says: "You can't stop me."
He passes through Adora.
Horde Prime says: "How strange."
Horde Prime says: "I must have fought her, must have known her face."
Horde Prime says: "But I have no memory of it."
Horde Prime says: "I've seen so many like her over the years."
Horde Prime says: "One by one, all their faces have been lost to oblivion."
Horde Prime says: "Just as yours will be."
A claw in the forest slashes She-Ra in the side.
She transforms to Adora and drops to her knees.
Horde Prime says: "A parting gift from the First Ones."
Horde Prime says: "Their old security system."
Horde Prime says: "Capable of taking out even one as strong as She-Ra."
Horde Prime says: "You will never make it to the Heart, Adora."
Horde Prime says: "Your own people made sure of that."
Horde Prime says: "Goodbye, my oldest enemy."
Prime vanishes and a tentacle beast rears up in front of Adora.
Credits Roll.