Catra says: "Hey, Adora."
Adora says: "Catra!"
Adora says: "You can't be here."
Adora says: "It's too dangerous."
Adora says: "Shadow Weaver?"
Catra says: "Get Adora to the Heart."
Catra says: "I'll take care of this thing."
Adora says: "Catra, no!"
Catra says: "I'll catch up, ok?"
Catra says: "Get to the Heart."
Adora says: "No, no."
Adora says: "Catra!"
Scene Change.
Glimmer says: "Dad."
Glimmer says: "no!"
Micah says: "What's wrong, baby girl?"
Micah says: "I've never felt better."
Scene change.
Bow says: "Scorpia, please!"
Bow says: "We're trying to save you."
Scene Change.
Glimmer says: "Dad, please!"
Glimmer says: "It's me, it's Glimmer!"
Micah says: "Oh, I know who you are."
Micah says: "My daughter."
Micah says: "The weakling."
Micah says: "The failure."
Micah says: "And so it ends."
Micah says: "Pathetic."
Micah says: "Alone."
Micah says: "Weak."
A flash of Queen Angella appears on screen.
Glimmer says: "Mom."
Glimmer says: "No."
Glimmer says: "I'm not."
Glimmer says: "My mother raised me to be brave."
Glimmer says: "My friends taught me to be kind."
Glimmer says: "And I'm stubborn."
Glimmer says: "I get that from you."
Glimmer says: "I will never stop fighting!"
Glimmer says: "And I won't lose another parent!"
Glimmer says: "I love you, Dad."
Scene Change.
Keyboard clicking.
Voices whispering indistinctly.
Bow says: "Scorpia, it's okay."
Confirmation sign appears on computer screen.
Bow says: "Prime may have made you do a lot of things,but he can't turn you into something you're not."
Bow says: "So, right now, all I need you to do is trust me."
Scene change.
Sea Hawk is holding Mermista, her chip turns off and falls to the ground.
Scene change.
Camera falls on Huntara, her eyes fading back to normal, she smiles.
Scene change.
Camera falls on sailors and civilians, their eyes fading back to normal.
Scene change.
Cameral falls on civilians, their eyes fading back to normal.
Scene change.
Scorpia says: "Oh, my gosh, I am so sorry."
Scorpia says: "Did I hurt you?"
Scorpia says: "I did not mean to do that."
Scorpia and Bow share a glance.
Bow says: "Welcome back."
Scene change.
The confirmation appears on Horde Prime's screen, he gasps.
Entrapta says: "My device worked!"
Entrapta says: "I knew it would."
Horde Prime says: "Deploy all clone battalions."
Horde Prime says: "Get this under control!"
Bow appears on Horde Prime's screen.
Bow says: "Hey, everyone."
Bow says: "I'm Bow."
Bow says: "It's time to take back our world."
Bow says: "It's time to fight."
Bow says: "For She-Ra, for our homes, for each other!"
Bow's broadcast ends, Camera falls back to Horde Prime.
Horde Prime says: "Put an end to this mockery."
Horde Prime says: "Destroy them all!"
Scene change.
The environment turns green with Horde Prime's virus.
Horde Prime says: "Oh, little sister."
Horde Prime says: "What a shame."
Horde Prime says: "I had such high hopes for you."
Camera moves to the creature, it attacks Catra.
Scene change.
Shadow Weaver is helping Adora walk down a long corridor, the ceiling rumbles.
Adora says: "No."
Adora says: "No, wait!"
Shadow Weaver says: "Don't lose your focus."
Shadow Weaver says: "We're so close."
The Heart pulsates with a glowing, rainbow light.
Adora says: "Catra!"
Shadow Weaver says: "Adora, wait!"
Scene change.
Horde Prime says: "So brave, risking yourself for Adora."
Horde Prime says: "But it will make no difference."
Horde Prime says: "The Heart is almost mine, and when it is, your Adora will die."
The Creature picks up Catra and holds her near it's mouth.
Horde Prime says: "So, tell me,little sister, was it worth it?"
Shadow Weaver casts magic, Catra yells. Horde Prime looks at Shadow Weaver.
Catra says: "Shadow Weaver?"
Shadow Weaver says: "Take Adora and run!"
Catra says: "What are you..."
Catra says: "?"
Shadow Weaver says: "I told you to run!"
Shadow Weaver says: "Now, run!"
Catra says: "Shadow Weaver, no!"
Catra says: "What are you doing?"
Shadow Weaver says: "Please, Catra."
Shadow Weaver says: "You need to make sure Adora reaches the Heart."
Shadow Weaver says: "The magic must be set free."
Catra says: "Stop it!"
Catra says: "It's going to kill you!"
Shadow Weaver says: "It's too late for me."
Shadow Weaver says: "But you, this is only the beginning for you."
Shadow Weaver says: "I am so proud of you, Catra."
Catra says: "No!"
Catra says: "No!"
Adora says: "Catra?"
Catra looks to Adora and looks back to Shadow Weaver. Shadow Weaver takes off her mask, it falls to the ground, she smiles at Catra and Adora.
Shadow Weaver says: "You're welcome."
Adora kneels on the ground, crying. Catra is standing and crying.The barrier falls.
Catra says: "Come on."
Catra says: "We have to go."
Adora stands and they hug, as they start walking down the corridor, the camera pans to Shadow Weaver's broken and burnt mask and the environment turns green with Horde Prime's virus.
Scene change.
Huntara leaps, attacking a bot. One of Entrapta's bots moves into frame, The Dryl chefs on top.
Dryl Chefs says: "Yeah!"
Camera changes to a Prime clone pushing 2 clones off of a building, the clone transforms into Double Trouble, they smile.
Camera moves to a group of clones being chased by civilians.
Camera moves to show this scene playing on Horde Prime's screen.
Horde Prime says: "Impossible."
Entrapta says: "You can't control us."
Entrapta says: "You don't understand what makes us strong."
Entrapta says: "And that's why you'll never win."
Horde Prime clenches fist.
Scene change.
Catra tightens grip on Adora, Adora sighs in pain. Both gasp. The camera zooms out to reveal the entirety of the Heart.
Adora says: "The Heart of Etheria."
Adora says: "We made it."
Catra says: "What is it?"
Catra says: "What's wrong?"
Adora says: "I don't..."
Adora says: "I don't know."
Adora says: "I can't transform."
Adora says: "It's Prime's virus."
Adora says: "It's keeping me from becoming She-Ra."
Catra says: "What does that mean?"
Catra says: "Is the Failsafe not going to work without her?"
Adora says: "Get as far away from here as you can."
Adora says: "I have to do this next part on my own."
Catra says: "Adora, what is going to happen to you?"
Adora says: "Without She-Ra, the magic will destroy me."
Adora says: "I'm sorry, Catra."
Adora says: "I'm so sorry."
Adora says: "It's okay."
Adora says: "I'm ready."
Catra grabs Adora's hands as she's pulling them away.
Catra says: "No."
Adora says: "Catra..."
Catra says: "No."
Catra says: "I'm not leaving."
Catra says: "Whatever happens, I am staying with you."
Adora turns and Catra grasps onto her. They look up at the Heart. Adora screams, and starts to collapse in pain.
Catra says: "Adora?"
Adora groans in pain.
Catra says: "No, no, no, no, no."
Catra says: "No!"
Catra says: "No!"
The camera changes to Horde Prime's ship, the current scene being played on his screen.
Horde Prime says: "Ah."
Horde Prime says: "I can feel it."
Horde Prime says: "The Heart is mine!"
Entrapta says: "You can't do this!"
Entrapta says: "The Heart's power is too unstable!"
Entrapta says: "It will take you and the whole universe with it!"
Horde Prime says: "I have had enough of this chatty little rebel."
Horde Prime says: "Dispose of her now."
Horde Prime says: "My dominion was perfect."
Horde Prime says: "Everything was as it should be."
Horde Prime says: "Did you not hear me, little brother?"
Horde Prime says: "Do it now."
Hordak grunts and turns around, firing his weapon on Horde Prime.
Hordak says: "I am not your brother."
Hordak says: "You made me in your image, but I am more than that."
Horde Prime says: "You have been thoroughly corrupted."
Horde Prime says: "So be it."
Entrapta says: "No!"
Scene change.
A clone battalion is firing on Netossa's net, with some Rebellion fighters inside. Glimmer is outside of net, attacking clones. Scorpia walks up and attacks clones with her powers, Bow is with her.
Scorpia says: "Whoo!"
Bow says: "Glimmer!"
Glimmer says: "Bow!"
They grasp hands and immediately look to see a Horde drill flying in and Horde Prime appearing, Entrapta in hand.
Horde Prime says: "Rejoice, Etheria, for your end has finally come!"
Horde Prime says: "You have chosen darkness,  The world shall end in fire."
Glimmer backs up from the spitting ground in terror into Bow's arms, he clutches her.
Glimmer says: "Adora!"
Bow says: "The Failsafe."
Bow says: "It didn't work."
Horde Prime says: "And when the ashes scatter, at last, there will be, peace!"
Scene change.
The camera falls to rest on Catra, holding the fallen Adora.
Catra says: "Adora."
Catra says: "Adora, stay awake!"
Adora looks at Catra, and Catra looks up to the Heart.
Adora says: "I'm sorry."
Catra touches Adora's face and Adora touches her hand, but it falls weakly back to the ground.
Catra says: "Adora!"
Catra says: "Adora!"
Adora closes her eyes and the screen fades out. She opens them to see her reflection in a waterfall and gasps. she squints at her reflection. The camera moves to behind her. Her hair is down and she is in a long white dress. The scenery seems to be in Bright Moon's castle, but it is glitching. The door opens and she gasps.
Glimmer chases Catra into the room with a hair brush.
Glimmer says: "Just let me brush it!"
Catra says: "No!"
Glimmer chases her in a circle around Adora, who looks confused.
Catra says: "Don't let her touch me."
Catra says: "She's gonna torture me."
Glimmer says: "Do you always have to be this dramatic?"
Bow enters.
Bow says: "Come on guys."
Bow says: "If we are late to Scorpia's first ball she is going to kill us."
Glimmer says: "Fine!"
Glimmer says: "You're off the hook."
Glimmer says: "This time."
Catra is hidding behind Adora, she sticks her tongue out at Glimmer. Glimmer and Bow leave the room, Catra starts to leave and turns around, sticking her hand out to Adora.
Catra says: "You coming?"
Adora smiles and goes to take Catra's hand, but her hand glitches through Catra who transforms into Horde Prime.
Horde Prime says: "A beautiful wish."
Horde Prime says: "But there will be no future."
Horde Prime says: "Not for you."
The camera changes to a green room, with future Adora floating in the middle, green restraints grow around her. She screams, struggling and crying, her tears floating up. the background is green and glitchy, she closes her eyes.
Catra says: "Adora!"
Catra says: "Please!"
Catra says: "You have to wake up!"
The camera changes to Catra sitting in front of the Heart, holding Adora's body.
Catra says: "You can't give up."
Catra says: "You have never given up on anything in your life."
Catra says: "Not even on me."
The camera changes back to the mysterious green room.
Catra says: "So don't you dare start now!"
Adora says: "It's too late."
Adora says: "I've failed."
Catra looks back with fear.
Catra says: "No!"
Catra says: "No!"
The camera changes to Catra holding Adora's body close to her.
Catra says: "I've got you."
Catra says: "I'm not letting go."
The camera changes back to the mysterious green room. Catra keeps reaching and trying to meet hands with Adora, but just missing.
The camera changes back to Catra clutching desperately onto Adora's body.
Catra says: "Stay."
The Heart starts flashing and flickering with green lightning, brightening the room. Adora summons her shield and Catra looks back at it with relief.
Adora says: "You..."
Adora says: "love me?"
Catra says: "You're such an idiot."
Adora says: "I love you too."
Catra smiles and grabs Adora's head softly.
They kiss.
The Failsafe starts glowing as Adora and Catra start to glow in rainbow colors and Adora's hair starts to levitate, she transforms into She-Ra.
Scene change.
Horde Prime says: "Cry, Etheria!"
Horde Prime says: "Cry for Prime's mercy!"
Horde Prime says: "There will be no comfort for you!"
Horde Prime says: "All the universe will be consumed in undying flame!"
The camera follows the ground collapsing and crumbling right up to the feet of The Rebellion, where it stops.The lighting changes from sickening green to a nice sunlit color, the eruption of green light from the ground stops. The Rebellion look up in wonder as light yellow balls once again start to float through the air.
The camera glances up to Horde Prime.
The camera moves to the glowing silhouette of She-Ra, who is walking towards the battlefield, and with every step, grass, plants and life spring up under her. She shines and comes into view. She smiles, Bow and Glimmer smile back. She looks up at Horde Prime's ship and lifts her sword. It starts glowing immensely and she yells. A giant bolt of light encases Horde Prime's ship, turning it into a humongous sky tree. She sticks her sword in the ground and a wave of life and light comes out from it, covering the whole planet in the life it once possessed. Horde Prime grunts in shock and goes to back up. but he trips, She-Ra walks up.
Horde Prime says: "Though all is reduced to rubble, Prime shall rise again."
Horde Prime says: "So it has been, and so it always shall be."
She-Ra says: "No."
She-Ra says: "You're wrong."
She-Ra says: "It's time for you to go."
Hordak's eyes glow and he is transported into a flashback. He looks down and he is holding baby Adora. He opens his eyes into the present and gasps, looking into She-Ra's eyes.
Hordak says: "I remember you."
Entrapta says: "Hordak!"
Entrapta says: "I'm so glad you're back!"
Entrapta says: "Oh, we have so much to talk about!"
The camera pans over the whole valley, filled with conversation, love, joy, wonder and best of all, peace.
The camera moves to look at Castaspella helping Micah stand up.
Micah says: "Glimmer?"
Glimmer says: "Hi, Dad."
Micah says: "I..."
Micah says: "You..."
Micah says: "Hello."
Micah says: "I'm your dad!"
Glimmer hugs him.
Glimmer says: "Dad."
The camera moves to look at Spinnerella and Netossa standing together, Spinnerella laughs and Netossa grabs her and dips her, they kiss. Swift Wind walks by, and so do Melog and Emily. The camera looks up to see Scorpia and Perfuma talking, Frosta on Scorpia's shoulders, smiling and laughing.
Scorpia says: "Perfuma!"
Scorpia says: "Hi."
Scorpia says: "Wow you look..."
Scorpia says: "you look great."
Catra says: "Hey, Scorpia."
Catra says: "Look, I..."
Catra says: "Ooh, there it is!"
Scorpia says: "You know I'm a hugger."
Perfuma says: "Princess hug!"
The camera transitions to Sea Hawk is carrying Mermista and she is blushing, They are looking into each others eyes. Entrapta and Hordak start to walk by and Mermista looks at them.
Entrapta says: "I'm so glad you're here!"
Entrapta says: "Oh..."
Mermista says: "So are we all just, like, okay with this?"
The camera moves, and is panning across the rebellion.
Bow says: "Look at us now."
Bow says: "From capturing you to us now being buddies."
Catra says: "We did it!"
Bow says: "This is so dope!"
The camera follows She-Ra who is walking out from the group. It flips to look at her front side, and she transforms back into Adora. She smiles as she looks out at the beautiful, colorful Etherian landscape. Bird-like creatures flutter past and the camera changes to look at Etherian animals walking peacefully through the woods.
The camera moves to look at the remnants of the Fright Zone covered in plants and we see 2 Horde soldiers in suit.
The camera moves again to Madame Razz outside her house, sweeping.
Madame Razz says: "Ah."
Madame Razz says: "You would be so proud, Mara dearie."
The camera once again changes to Adora, admiring the beautiful view.
Catra says: "Adora?"
Adora says: "It's over."
Adora says: "He's gone."
Catra says: "Good riddance."
The camera backs out, Catra and Adora are touching foreheads, the background of the Etherian landscape is very beautiful. Glimmer and Bow laugh at each other and then yell, tackling Catra and Adora. They all roll down a hill together laughing.
Bow says: "So, what are we going to do now?"
Adora says: "We can bring magic back to the universe."
Adora says: "What do you guys say to one more Best Friends Squad road trip?"
Glimmer says: "I'm in!"
Bow says: "Obviously!"
Catra says: "Of course I'm going with you, dummy."
Adora says: "Then lets do this."
Adora says: "Together."
The camera pans up to the sky tree and the beautiful Etherian Sky which is twinkling with love and peace, and maybe even a bit of magic.
Credits Roll.