Whispering Woods, Madame Razz's hut.
Outside of Razz's hut, we hear her humming and the sound of pots clanging and rummaging; Inside, she tosses a spatula to the floor and digs through more miscellaneous things, throwing a can aside in her search.
Razz scurries about in her home in almost montage fashion, sweeping up dirt, taking items from a stored location and dropping them dutifully onto the floor, and shaking out a cloth airing out dust into the space; Razz stops to admire her handiwork in making the room exceptionally dirtier than it was before.
The draped entrance pulls open with a rustle of cloth, and birds can be heard chirping; Razz turns.
Mara says: "It's Mara."
Opening Theme.
Razz's hut, interior.
Mara steps in as Razz speaks.
Razz says: "Today is a very important day!"
Mara says: "Why is today important, Razz?"
Mara says: "But I can't stay long today."
Razz says: "Ah, nonsense, dearie..."
Razz says: "Now, will you help Madame Razz find her rolling pin?"
Razz says: "It must be around here somewhere..."
The scene around Razz distorts and comes back less colorful.
Adora says: "Madame Razz?"
Razz looks up and pauses, stunned.
Razz says: "..."
Razz says: "Mara?"
Adora says: "I finally found you."
Razz says: "Mm, if you say so, Mara."
Razz says: "Now, come on, it's getting so late!"
Adora says: "..."
Adora says: "What was that for?"
Swift Wind says: "Hello!"
Adora shouts in surprise.
Adora says: "Swift Wind, what are you even doing here?"
Swift Wind says: "Oh, I visit Razz all the time."
Swift Wind says: "You gotta check up on old ladies alone in the woods."
Swift Wind says: "Come on, Adora, have a heart."
Adora says: "Okay, maybe you can help."
Adora says: "I need Razz to tell me about Mara's weapon."
Swift Wind says: "Did I solve the mystery?!"
Swift Wind says: "!"
Adora says: "No!"
Adora says: "The weapon Mara talked about in her last message on the ship."
Adora says: "Bow's with the ship trying to clean it up, but..."
Adora says: "Razz..."
Adora says: "What are you looking for?!"
Adora says: "!"
Adora and Swift Wind exchange glances.
Whispering Woods.
Antelope-like creatures graze in the woods, then become alarmed; Razz lands with a grunt between them and the creatures run off chirping; Razz checks the bush next to her, then scurries away.
Razz says: "--Oh, yes..."
Adora says: "Wait!"
Swift Wind says: "Why are we following a wacky old lady through the woods, again?"
Adora says: "I'm sure of it."
Swift Wind says: "Well, you know, she's, uh--she's Razz."
Swift Wind says: "Do you really think she knows anything?"
Adora says: "Madame Razz always shows up exactly when I need her most."
Adora says: "She helped save you, and she helped stop the portal..."
Adora says: "She knows more than she lets on."
Adora says: "There is a method to this..."
Adora says: "I just have to figure it out."
Swift Wind says: "Is losing her part of the method?"
They stop walking and look into the empty clearing around them.
Adora says: "..."
Adora says: "Razz?"
Adora says: "..."
Adora says: "Razz?"
Razz, somewhere ahead of them, hums along and pushes a leaf aside, turning back and pausing.
Adora says: "Razz!"
Razz says: "Adora, come!"
Razz says: "There's not much time."
The scene distorts and shifts around Razz, colors becoming warmer.
Razz says: "--where are you?"
Razz stops as a sword point stops her path.
Mara says: "How did you find this place?"
Razz says: "Madame Razz wondered where you went."
Mara says: "H--?"
Mara says: "How do you know my name?"
Razz says: "Razz is only here to borrow some sugar."
Mara says: "Give it--!"
Razz looks at a box and grunts, throwing it aside, then walks over to some more boxes; Mara looks on as she places all the boxes back down; Razz uses magic to pull a box to her hand.
Mara says: "H-hey!"
Mara says: "Stop that!"
Mara says: "No, don't--!"
Razz says: "Mine..."
Razz says: "it's..."
Light Hope says: "Intruder detected."
Mara and Razz shout and separate, making the disk fly up and fall to the ground next to Mara.
Light Hope says: "Mara, who is this person?"
Mara says: "I don't know."
Mara says: "She just..."
Mara says: "wandered in."
Light Hope says: "Her presence is unauthorized."
Light Hope says: "You must remove her from the premises or I will be forced to alert your superiors."
Razz says: "Your ghost is mean."
Mara says: "What are you looking for?"
Razz says: "Agh..."
Razz says: "Don't ask such silly questions, Adora."
Razz says: "I need to get up."
Razz says: "Why do I put it so high?"
Mara says: "All right, here you go."
Mara says: "Sugar."
Light Hope says: "We need to detain and interrogate her."
Mara says: "Come on, Hope, look at her."
Mara says: "She's clearly harmless."
Mara says: "Besides, we're here to study this planet's magic, aren't we?"
Mara says: "Who'd know more about Etheria's magic than the Etherians?"
Light Hope says: "You know I have to report this."
Light Hope says: "It is in my programming."
Mara says: "Can't you let it slide?"
Mara says: "Please, Hope?"
Mara says: "For me?"
There is a pause as Mara blinks pleadingly at Light Hope.
Light Hope says: "are incorrect."
Light Hope says: "..."
Light Hope says: "Friend..."
Whispering Woods, Outside Mara's ship.
Mara says: "Okay, Razz."
Mara says: "Promise you'll stay away from the ship from now on."
Razz says: "See you tomorrow!"
The scene shifts around Razz again, colors now cooler.
Adora says: "There you are."
Razz turns back around and Adora steps next to her, taking in the First Ones ruin that was a She-Ra statue in Mara's reality, now headless and covered in vegetation.
Adora says: "I told you Razz was taking me somewhere."
Adora and Swift Wind walk up and gaze at the statue, taking in the damages.
Swift Wind says: "Wow."
Swift Wind says: "Mara did this?"
Swift Wind says: "She really was crazy."
Adora leans down and picks up a decrepit box.
Razz says: "Aha!"
Razz says: "You found it!"
Adora says: "Found what?"
Adora says: "What does it mean?"
Adora looks back and picks up the disk Razz and Mara fought for from among the boxes.
Razz hums as she picks berries from bushes and trots along.
Adora says: "Razz!"
Adora says: "This was left deliberately..."
Adora says: "did it belong to Mara?"
Adora says: "..."
Adora says: "What?"
Razz says: "Come on, slowpoke!"
Razz says: "Help an old lady pick some berries."
Adora says: "Razz, Mara's gone."
Adora says: "She's been gone for a thousand years."
Razz says: "She promised, you know!"
Adora says: "No, I'm helping you make a pie!"
Razz says: "Yes, that's what I said."
Razz says: "Because today is important."
Adora says: "But why is it important?"
Razz says: "Eh..."
Razz says: "it's important because, eh..."
Razz says: "because..."
The scene around Razz distorts and shifts to warmer colors.
Razz adjusts her glasses as the boar-like creature circles back, steps thundering; it roars, squealing.
Mara says: "Watch out!"
Mara says: "For the Honor..."
Mara says: "of Grayskull!"
Mara raises her sword and transforms into She-Ra.
Razz watches She-Ra approach the boar; the boar grunts are squeals; She-Ra runs and shouts, readying her sword to swipe at the boar, but gets knocked back, grunting; she hits the ground grunting as the sword clatters elsewhere; she hops up, glances at the sword and the boar charging at her, then runs for the sword; the boar cuts her off, squealing; She-Ra flips three times backwards up and away from the boar's charge.
She-Ra says: "Razz, run!"
Razz says: "Mara, no!"
The boar bashes She-Ra from behind, sending her, grunting, to the ground a bit away; the boar moves between Razz and She-Ra, readying a charge by pushing back dirt; it charges and She-Ra stands and puts up her arms to shield herself.
Razz says: "Stop!"
The boar pivots and slides to a stop inches from Razz; it then backs up grunting.
Razz says: "It's all right..."
Razz says: "No one here will hurt you."
Razz lifts She-Ra's arm toward the boar as she gasps lightly in wonder and astonishment; the boar stamps backward a bit and squeals; Razz lets go and steps away, nodding her head at She-Ra when she glances over; She-Ra holds her hand out hesitatingly, then fully extends it and touches the boar's snout; her hand begins to glow, then her whole body and the boar's, and she gasps in amazement; She-Ra looks to Razz, and Razz gestures at the boar; She-Ra smiles and walks to the side of the boar's head and pats it, looking up into it's eye; she transforms back into Mara.
Mara says: "Go now."
Mara says: "Be at peace."
Where Mara's hand is touching the ground, a shockwave ripples through the grass and her hand begins to glow; Mara gasps, and magic encircles her and pushes outward, revitalizing the area and bringing new fauna.
Mara says: "How am I doing this?"
Mara says: "How is this possible without the sword?"
Razz says: "Etheria chose you."
Magic swirls in the air and Mara exhales in awe.
Mara says: "But..."
Mara says: "my people chose me to be She-Ra."
Mara says: "I need the sword to control She-Ra's magic."
Mara says: "That's..."
Mara says: "what my superiors always told me."
Razz says: "You cannot control magic!"
Razz says: "Magic simply is."
Mara says: "The Heart of Etheria Project..."
Mara says: "I don't know all the details, but I know it's big."
Mara says: "They say we're the heroes, but..."
Mara says: "I don't know if it's right."
Razz says: "She-Ra protects Etheria."
Razz says: "Your people made the sword, but they did not make She-Ra."
The scene distorts around Razz, shifting to cooler colors.
Adora says: "What people?"
Razz, stunned, pauses as Adora continues and Swift Wind munches on a bush.
Adora says: "Are you talking about the First Ones?"
Razz says: "I've been waiting for so long."
Adora says: "Mara..."
Adora says: "..."
Adora says: "She was here, too, wasn't she?"
Adora says: "Everything we're doing--the berries, the sugar, making the pie--it helps you remember."
Razz says: "Oh, Mara  Razz could not do anything to help."
Razz says: "..."
Razz says: "I am sorry."
Adora says: "Then help me, Adora, not Mara."
Adora says: "What?!"
Adora says: "!"
Whispering Woods, Razz's hut interior.
Adora says: "What was it you were just saying about the evil at the Heart of Etheria?"
Adora says: "What's at the Heart of Etheria?"
Adora says: "Was..."
Adora says: "was she afraid of the sword somehow?"
Adora says: "Of being She-Ra?"
Adora says: "Please, Razz, you have to remember something!"
Razz says: "Remember, remember..."
Razz says: "I try to remember but it gets all muddled up."
Razz says: "Adora..."
Razz says: "Mara, I--it always ends the same."
The scene distorts around Razz and shifts to Mara's time.
Mara says: "Razz?"
Razz says: "The past."
Razz says: "Nonsense, we're making pie today, or have you forgotten?"
Razz says: "Ah-ah-ah!"
Razz says: "And they say my memory is bad!"
Mara says: "It's starting."
Razz says: "But..."
Razz says: "the pie..."
Mara says: "Tomorrow, Razz."
Mara says: "We'll make a pie tomorrow, I promise."
Razz holds Mara's hand close to her face and smiles; Mara starts to sob as tears fall, and she runs to the door; magic outside is whirring and building.
Razz says: "Mara!"
Magic begins to seep out from the land into the sky as trees and life decays; Mara grunts and drags the sword behind her; she grunts and falls to her knees, using the sword to support her; the sword begins to glow and Mara grunts confused, and then screams as light begins to pour from her eyes and mouth, First Ones runes surfacing around her and magic pouring out all around; Razz runs up behind as First Ones writing covers Mara's body and she cries out; finally she lets go of the sword, and begins to stumble away; the sword's Runestone begins to suck in all magical energy, creating shockwaves as Razz looks on.
The scene shifts to warmer colors as the reflection in Razz's glasses changes to the egg timer as it dings.
Razz says: "It's time."
The coals crackle in Razz's oven; Swift Wind blusters and snores with a wing curled over Adora as she sleeps on his side; Razz's cookware clangs as she takes the pie.
Adora says: "Razz!"
Swift Wind says: "What?!"
Swift Wind says: "!"
Adora says: "Come on, Swifty!"
Swift Wind says: "Where are we going?"
Adora says: "The pie's done."
Razz runs through the woods with the pie hopping over vegetation; the scene shifts to Mara's time, Razz running while the woods seep magic and die around her; Razz pants and looks around; Mara walks ahead, grunting and holding her side; when she stops to lean on a tree, Razz almost catches her, and Mara sees her and keeps going; Razz pants after her.
The scene shifts again and Razz is walking the pie through the woods as Adora and Swift Wind follow behind; Adora gasps lightly as she spots Razz going up into Mara's ship.
Bow is working on the underside of the console and rolls out from under it when Razz leans over him and he gasps in surprise.
Razz says: "You're not Mara!"
Bow says: "Ow!"
Adora says: "Madame Razz!"
Razz says: "Adora, help me find Mara!"
Razz says: "You know where she is!"
Bow says: "Adora!"
Bow says: "Who's that lady?"
Adora says: "t's okay, it's just Razz."
Bow says: "Madame Razz?"
Razz says: "You need to talk to Mara!"
Razz says: "You have everything you need."
Bow says: "..."
Bow says: "What are you doing?"
Mara grunts in pain and taps around on the console; the scene shifts to Mara's time.
Light Hope says: "You are beha-be-behaving erratically."
Light Hope says: "Where is the sword, Mara?"
Light Hope says: "It is your destiny to be She-Ra."
Mara says: "She-Ra's destiny was to be a part of your machine."
Mara says: "But I won't ever let you use her again."
The ship flies and dodges spikes of magical energy in the sky.
Light Hope says: "The Heart of Etheria has been activated."
Light Hope says: "Your mission will be fulfilled."
Light Hope says: "There will be peace throughout the galaxy."
Light Hope says: "You will be..."
Light Hope says: "a hero."
Mara says: "How will destroying worlds bring peace?"
Light Hope says: "You're trying to di-disable me."
Light Hope says: "It will not work."
Light Hope says: "The Heart of Etheria will achieve its function, as will you."
Light Hope says: "You..."
Light Hope says: "are She-Ra."
Light Hope says: "This is your destiny."
Mara says: "You're not Light Hope."
Light Hope says: "I am the same basic operating system."
Mara says: "You're not her."
Mara says: "And you don't get to tell me what my destiny is."
Mara says: "one..."
All the magic encircling the planet curls inward, a light shining from the surface shines brighter and eclipses the planet and its moons; empty space is left in the normal dimension; Mara is left standing at the console alone.
The scene shifts to the present, where the crew stands stunned, looking where the hologram was at the console.
Mara says: "..."
Mara says: "Adora?"
Adora blinks and the crew turns to see a hologram of Mara standing in front of the captain's chair.
Mara says: "I know you're there."
Mara says: "Razz said you would be there."
The scene shifts to Mara's time.
Mara says: "How could it go so wrong?"
Mara says: "You can't trust Light Hope."
Mara says: "She's been reprogrammed to set off the weapon at any cost."
Mara says: "The weapon..."
Scene shifts between perspectives as they are relevant.
Adora says: "The weapon!"
Adora says: "What is it?"
Mara says: "I didn't know what they were doing until too late."
Mara says: "I knew they were rerouting Etheria's magic for their own purposes..."
Mara says: "siphoning it, collecting it in the planet's core..."
Adora says: "The Heart of Etheria..."
Mara says: "The Heart of Etheria Project."
Mara says: "It was supposed to be an energy source, capable of so much good..."
Mara says: "but that's not what they made."
Mara says: "My people turned our planet, all of Etheria, into a weapon."
Mara says: "And She-Ra is the key."
Adora says: "..."
Adora says: "What?"
Mara says: "I opened a portal to a completely empty dimension and pulled Etheria in."
Mara says: "I hid us from the rest of the universe, to keep everyone safe."
Mara says: "This is the one place they'll never find us."
Mara says: "The weapon can't hurt anyone else here."
Mara says: "I saw what they would do..."
Mara says: "the deaths that would follow..."
Mara says: "I couldn't stop them before, but I can now."
Mara says: "Hiding is our only option."
Mara says: "Adora..."
Mara says: "I believe in you."
Mara says: "You can save the world we love."
The hologram cuts out and glitches abruptly with a loud bang, power whirring down.
Adora says: "sacrificed herself to save everyone."
Razz says: "For you, Mara, dearie."
Scene fades to white.
Credits Roll.