Etheria.
Horde Prime's battalion of spaceships encircle Etheria's atmosphere; a control spire lands with a boom in a forested area, branches creaking and breaking under its mass; the spire's door hisses open for multiple Horde bots and drones to march/fly out; one drone scans the forest in a hum; a young Etherian runs into view followed by another, both panting fearfully; both suddenly gasp in fear and attempt to run from several drones that surround them; both girls whimper as the drones begin to scan them.
The two Etherian civilians sigh in relief, then cry out in fear as another drone flies toward them; an arrow pierces and knocks down the drone.
Bow says: "Two down."
A third drone flies upward and away before Swift Wind kicks it with a grunt, knocking it down.
Swift Wind says: "And a whole Galactic Horde to go."
The drone falls and Perfuma grabs it with a vine as Frosta punches it with an ice fist, both grunting.
Mermista says: "I'll get the next one, I guess."
Adora pulls her staff out of the first drone with a metal shing as Swift Wind lands next to the crew.
Adora says: "It's okay, you can come out now."
Several civilians come out of the woods to cross a river, whilst protected by the princesses, Swift Wind, and Bow; Adora looks up at a control spire just before a laser blast fires past, causing the civilians to scream.
Adora says: "Run!"
A tree explodes nearby as Horde bots run toward the group; as the last of the civilians run across, Frosta gasps to follow them, Perfuma removes her vine bridge, Swift Wind neighs, and everyone except Mermista and Adora stay with the civilians.
Bow says: "--Adora!"
Adora shouts again as she leaps at the bot, grunting as she dodges its swipes; metal clangs as Adora's staff connects with the bot's arm; the bots laser arm charges and fires, Adora barely avoiding the blast and gasping; they continue to fight until Adora jabs the bot in the laser arm and electricity buzzes along its exterior until it explodes; more bots and drones rush in.
Adora says: "Ooooh..."
Adora gasps as she barely dodges a laser blast; a bot runs in and clamps its arms onto her staff, metal clanging; Adora grunts as she is lifted into the air by the staff, then thrown into a tree.
Bow says: "Adora!"
A bot approaches her and raises its arm to attack as Adora grunts and holds her staff up in defense; a wave of water blasts the bot away, making a loud thud in the distance.
Mermista says: "You're not..."
Mermista says: "She-Ra anymore, remember?"
Adora says: "I'm on iiit!"
Mermista says: "Ugh, I just said..."
Adora hums angrily as she runs at the bot; the bot fires and explodes nearby forest as Adora grunts and slides into its feet, knocking it down.
Adora says: "Gotcha!"
The bot beeps as its camera records Adora grunting and destroying the bot's feed; the scene transitions to Horde Prime's ship's throne room; Adora, shown on the monitor grunting is played back and forth a few times and paused.
Horde Prime says: "Well..."
Horde Prime says: "Who are you?"
Opening theme.
Adora's dreams.
Adora gasps, waking in the dream to stand in a star field shrouded in colorful mists.
Adora says: "..."
Adora says: "What is this?"
Adora gasps as she holds her head, multiple flashes of memories, places, and people, most notably herself as She-Ra breaking the Sword of Protection, a portal opening, and Horde Prime; a golden figure with hair billowing and cape flapping in non-existent wind stands with their back to Adora in the star field.
Adora says: "What..."
Adora says: "?"
The figure looks back at Adora, eyes glowing and making everything flash white as Adora shouts fearfully.
Adora jolts awake to sit up from her cot in a Rebellion encampment, somewhere in the Whispering Woods; Adora gasps for breath and pants, finally calming and exhaling, holding her head in her hands; she looks over at the broken shards of the Sword of Protection laying nearby and sighs; she gets up from bed and puts on her usual attire, then ties up her hair, grabs her staff, and sighs before exiting the tent, the sword shimmering and tent curtain flapping as she leaves.
Adora walks through the camp, glancing up at where a sorcerer from Mystacor is channeling a shield spell over the encampment, magic circle humming; another sorcerer steps up to replace the first, patting them on the shoulder and making them gasp, then stepping forward and sealing a hole in the shield; Adora looks around at the people in the camp, a low murmur of conversation happening, and Sea Hawk sits nearby cleaning his sword with a leaf and then greeting Adora with a semi-salute as she passes by; Adora walks up behind Bow and Entrapta as Entrapta taps away at a tablet, making beeping noises.
Adora says: "..."
Adora says: "Have you guys finished the updates to Mara's ship yet?"
Adora says: "How soon can we take off to rescue Glimmer?"
Adora says: "..."
Adora says: "We just have to figure out where."
Bow says: "We'll find her."
Bow says: "I know we will."
Entrapta says: "That's it!"
A slight pause as Adora and Bow look at each other nervously.
Entrapta says: "Besides, there's no telling where Glimmer could be."
Slight pause as Entrapta stops to look at Bow and Adora, Bow whimpering nervously and Adora looking annoyed.
Entrapta says: "soon..."
Adora sits back against a table and pinches her nose, as the sound of Mermista groaning and Frosta's voice coming from a different tent is heard--.
Adora brushes the tent flap open and the fabric rustles, revealing Mermista, Frosta, Shadow Weaver, Perfuma, the Bright Moon General, and Micah standing in front of a map.
Micah says: "You don't get to talk to me about my daughter."
Shadow Weaver says: "She would've never had us abandon Bright Moon..."
Micah says: "We couldn't hold Bright Moon with the Galactic Horde attacking us from overhead, we need cover!"
Shadow Weaver says: "Which is precisely why we should use the Heart of Etheria!"
Frosta says: "Come on!"
Perfuma says: "I can't, I just can't."
Mermista says: "Okay, so we're not doing that because, A) without Glimmer, and more importantly, without She-Ra  no, thanks."
Frosta says: "we don't like you, and we don't want your help."
Perfuma says: "C--could we get a rundown of who is and who is not our prisoner anymore?"
Adora says: "Arguing is not going to help us."
Adora says: "We need information on Horde Prime if we're going to find Glimmer, and we won't get any of that sitting around here."
Micah says: "Adora's right."
Micah says: "The best thing we can do now is focus on evacuations, scouting missions, and keeping everyone safe until we can learn more of Horde Prime's plans."
Micah says: "Our scouts report that another one of his spires has been spotted near Thaymor."
Mermista says: "Wait, wait, wait, didn't we just save Thaymor?"
Frosta says: "No, you're thinking of Elberon."
Mermista says: "Ugh, can everywhere stop getting invaded for, like, five seconds?"
Adora says: "I'll do it."
Adora says: "I'll bring them back here."
Perfuma says: "You-Know-Who anymore."
Adora says: "..."
Adora says: "Fine."
Adora says: "I'll take a team."
Everyone but Adora and Micah begin to leave.
Micah says: "I still believe in you, Adora."
Micah says: "You saved me..."
Micah says: "and I know..."
Micah says: "you're gonna save my little girl."
Adora says: "we'll get her back."
Micah smiles, slides his hands off her shoulders, and walks away; Adora looks dejectedly at the floor and pinches the bridge of her nose; Adora then heaves a sigh and begins to leave.
Horde Prime's Ship, Glimmer's holding cell.
Glimmer grunts and blinks awake, laying in her cell; she breathes out, realizing where she is, and she swings her legs over the side of the bed, then gets up and goes to the cell's force field door; she touches it and gasps as it ripples with a magical hiss under her touch; Glimmer clenches her fists and groans with effort, concentrating on teleporting as some sparkles shimmer around her, but an electrical buzz shorting-out sound is heard.
Glimmer says: "Hello?"
Catra narrows her eyes and steps back around the corner, disappearing further into the ship.
Etheria, in the sky above a forest near Thaymor.
Swift Wind flies over the forest, flapping his wings and scouring the ground; he neighs overhead as Scorpia looks back at Adora who is standing and shepherding citizens into the forest, the citizens' conversations a low murmur.
Swift Wind says: "No bots in sight."
Swift Wind says: "I don't want to jinx it or anything, but this is a pretty great first mission together."
Scorpia says: "I am so happy you said that, 'cause I feel the same way."
Scorpia says: "We're kind of a great team, between your hooves..."
Scorpia says: "And our positive attitude, nothing can get in our way!"
Swift Wind says: "I have been known to sing from time to time."
Scorpia says: "Man, you guys are the best!"
Bow says: "That's the last of them."
Bow says: "No bots, no drones."
Bow says: "We're all clear."
A child civilian gasps as they recognize Adora, and they drop their She-Ra doll on the ground; Adora's staff clinks metallically as she kneels to pick up the doll, looking at it sadly.
Adora says: "Here you go."
The child gasps lightly and looks at Adora in awe, slightly chuckling; nearby, Bow's tracker pad starts to beep frantically as Bow checks it.
Swift Wind says: "Uh-oh, beeps and that look are never a good combination."
Bow says: "We've got trouble."
Scorpia, Bow, and Swift Wind all hide behind a nearby branch, looking out at the clones.
Swift Wind says: "Is that Hordak?"
Swift Wind says: "Three Hordaks?"
Bow says: "That's not Hordak."
Scorpia says: "Clones."
Bow says: "We need to get out of here."
Bow says: "Wait!"
Bow says: "Adora!"
Horde Prime's ship, throne room.
A door hisses open as Catra steps inside the throne room, looking around and stopping when she sees Horde Prime, sitting in his throne.
Catra says: "..."
Catra says: "Huh."
Horde Prime says: "what do we do with you now?"
Catra says: "You need me."
Prime says: "What do you say?"
Catra says: "..."
Catra says: "I'm ready."
Adora's dreamscape.
Adora opens her eyes in her dream with a gasp; Adora pants, almost hyperventilating, as she looks around, then notices the glowing figure from before; Adora walks toward the figure, but the figure walks away from her.
Adora says: "Wait!"
Adora runs after the figure, panting and reaching out; the figure erupts in blinding light.
Scene transition to a forest; Adora, being carried, shakes her head back and forth, grunting.
Swift Wind says: "Oh, hello Adora!"
Scorpia says: "Okay, um, don't get mad, but I..."
Scorpia says: "may have had to sting you."
Scorpia says: "Just a little."
Adora says: "What?"
Scorpia says: "Well--you were refusing to retreat and we--we really, really needed to run away."
Swift Wind says: "Space!"
Swift Wind says: "Clones!"
Adora says: "You stung me?"
Scorpia says: "I'm sorry..."
Scorpia says: "Mm, sorry, again."
Bow says: "You have to stop acting like you're invincible."
Adora says: "I know."
Adora says: "I made that choice, I'm living with the consequences."
Bow says: "What were you even trying to do?"
Adora says: "I thought maybe I could get those clones to tell us where Glimmer is being held."
Adora says: "Then, at least, I'd be one step closer to saving her."
Bow says: "That's--not a bad idea."
Adora says: "Wait, what?"
Bow says: "Trying to fight a group of clones by yourself is reckless."
Bow says: "Catching and questioning one clone is..."
Bow says: "also reckless, but..."
Bow says: "this time we do it together."
Scene transition to an Etherian town; several clones walk around the area while one goes to look out at an empty stretch of land; Adora steps into view on the clone's right side.
Adora says: "Hey."
Adora says: "Ready to go again?"
The clone narrows his eyes and rushes at Adora; Swift Wind neighs as he flies in over her head and kicks the clone who grunts as he's thrown backward; Bow pops out of a nearby bush and fires a net arrow at the clone, trapping him, as Scorpia screams, pounding the clone with a blast of her electricity; the clone grunts and thuds a distance away; the clone groans as the electricity buzzes around him, closing his eyes as Adora walks closer and smiles.
Horde Prime's ship, Glimmer's holding cell.
Glimmer paces just in front of the force field door; she stops suddenly, walking closer to the door and staring out.
Glimmer says: "..."
Glimmer says: "Oh, great."
Glimmer says: "You."
Catra says: "How's it going, princess?"
Glimmer says: "You might be on the other side of this force field, but you're as alone as I am."
Catra says: "As long as I'm of value to Horde Prime, I've got a place in this world."
Catra says: "I can work my way up here, just like I did before."
Glimmer says: "Do you really think you can come out on top?"
Catra slightly hisses angrily.
Two Prime Clones says: "Horde Prime requests your presence as his guests for dinner this evening."
Two Prime Clones says: "..."
Two Prime Clones says: "Both of you."
The force field closes in itself, letting Glimmer free; the clones begin to walk away, and Catra and Glimmer share a look of concerned confusion.
Etheria, not far from the clone-invaded town.
The clone the crew captured, tied up and sitting against a rock, grunts awake and stares at Adora, Bow, Scorpia, and Swift Wind.
Adora says: "Where is she?"
Clone says: "Fear not."
Adora says: "where?"
Clone says: "She is with Prime on his flagship, safe at the heart of his empire, far from your paltry world."
Clone says: "She is chosen, basking in the light of Prime's favor..."
Bow says: "Okay, we get it."
Swift Wind says: "Ugh, did Hordak talk this much?"
Scorpia says: "Nah, he mainly growled and yelled,..."
Scorpia says: "a lot."
Clone says: "..."
Clone says: "Your queen is safe..."
Clone says: "unlike your rebel friends."
Adora says: "What do you mean?"
Clone says: "Horde Prime sees all."
Clone says: "Horde Prime knows all."
Clone says: "You can abandon Bright Moon, cloak your rebel camp in illusions, but we will find you."
The group looks at each other nervously as a flare shoots up behind them, screeching and exploding into a purple crescent moon in the sky.
Bow says: "It's from Micah--they're in trouble!"
Scene transition to the group running through the forest, flare guiding them in the sky and shining with magic; the group all slide down a decline while people from the Rebellion camp scream nearby; Mermista, Perfuma and Frosta use their elements to fight with Prime's bots, grunting and yelling with effort; Entrapta, Micah, Shadow Weaver and others run away from the fight; Entrapta stops to pick up pieces of broken bots.
Entrapta says: "This..."
Entrapta says: "is..."
Entrapta says: "amazing!"
Entrapta says: "Alien tech from a distant world!"
Micah notices a drone above Entrapta and gasps slightly, running towards her, drawing a magic circle and shouting as he throws it at the drone, making it explode; he runs to use another magic circle to cover Entrapta from the explosion as she yelps in fear and he grunts; a bot slices through the smoke produced by the explosion.
Shadow Weaver says: "Micah!"
Shadow Weaver runs and throws a vial at the bot, which shatters and dissolves part of the bot on impact; Micah and Entrapta look from the bot to Shadow Weaver; Micah look surprised, then hums with a slightly disapproving frown; Micah and Entrapta share a look, then run off.
Shadow Weaver says: "..."
Shadow Weaver says: "You're welcome."
All three run and gasp as they stop in front of a crowd of bots blocking their way; Scorpia walks in between them all and shouts as she shoots electricity into the crowd of bots; the bots fall to the ground, buzzing electrically.
Scorpia says: "This way!"
Scorpia says: "'Scuse me, pardon me."
Scorpia says: "Hi, hello, how are you..."
Scorpia says: "Watch out there!"
Micah says: "Come on!"
Adora also stops and turns to see more bots following them.
Bow says: "Adora, wait--!"
Adora says: "I can do this!"
Horde Prime's ship, dining room.
A clone slices into a gelatinous cube on a plate, making a moist squish, and then walks it over to set it down in front of Catra on the table.
Catra says: "Uh..."
Catra says: "thanks..."
Another clone fills up Glimmer's glass, liquid splashing; the clone steps away as Glimmer looks at Catra, who shares her look, then looks down as Horde Prime walks in and goes to his chair at the other end of the table from Glimmer.
Horde Prime says: "Are you comfortable, Your Majesty?"
Horde Prime says: "I believe we can learn a great deal from one another."
A clone places a plate in front of Prime, removing the glass lid to reveal a steaming shelled clam-like food; Glimmer and Catra nervously look down and glance cautiously at Prime; Glimmer takes a spoon and gets a small portion of the gelatin in front of her, eating it.
Prime says: "Ah, enjoyable, yes?"
Prime says: "It's a delicacy from a distant world, light years away from here."
Prime says: "It is very much like Etheria."
Prime says: "This dish is incredibly rare, as that world no longer exists."
Glimmer nervously looks down at her plate, hand shaking as she drops her spoon and it clatters; Glimmer covers her mouth with a hand and begins to hyperventilate a little.
Prime says: "Seconds?"
Glimmer says: "..."
Glimmer says: "No."
Glimmer says: "Thank you."
Prime says: "Speaking of Etheria, you must miss it terribly."
Prime says: "Would you like to see your home world now?"
Prime snaps his fingers, and a bot back on Etheria's eye-LCD turns into a camera, showing the Rebellion camp on fire and people crying out on monitors behind Prime; Glimmer gasps and whimpers as she sees people running and screaming, lazers zapping behind them; Mermista grunts as she splashes water on a bot, then screams out angrily as she is surrounded before the feed cuts out.
Glimmer says: "No..."
Perfuma grunts as she commands vines, Scorpia runs and pants, and Bow grunts with effort as he tries to stand; Glimmer whimpers a half-sob as she gets up a little from her chair and Catra leans forward closer to the monitors.
Glimmer says: "Why are you doing this?"
Prime says: "Every rebellion forms around a leader..."
Prime says: "a beacon of hope..."
Prime says: "that little note of discord."
One monitor behind him cuts out, buzzing with static, before Adora shows up on the screen and grunts almost fearfully, panting and running.
Prime says: "Ah, here she is..."
Prime says: "Your beacon of hope."
Prime says: "Adora."
Prime says: "She-Ra."
Prime says: "A nuisance that must be purged in order to bring peace to Etheria."
A tear rolls down Glimmer's cheek as Adora continues to pant; Adora then grunts as she uses her staff to vault-kick a bot, knocking it over, panting as she whips around and shouts as she quickly blocks a laser blast, but is knocked back, rolling, staff clattering; Adora reaches for her staff before it is knocked away by a laser blast, then gasps and looks back at three bots whirring as they approach; Adora gets up and looks around as the bots surround her; a bot raises it's laser arm and charges its laser as Adora cowers, raising her own arm as a guard.
Adora says: "No!"
Prime says: "..."
Prime says: "Very well."
Prime says: "Thank you, Glimmer."
Prime says: "I look forward to more of our conversations."
Prime says: "But for now, eat up."
Glimmer sobs quietly as more tears roll down her face; Catra's spoon scrapes the plate as she picks it up, taking a bite from her gelatin before looking around and finally glancing at the monitor; she looks away, narrowing her eyes and exhaling.
Etheria, Rebellion Camp.
An arrow whizzes in and smashes a bot off a nearby rock in front of Adora; Scorpia shouts with effort as electricity surges through all the bots around her, and Adora looks around nervously before seeing Scorpia land on a bot in a thud, then run off; the bots buzz with electricity as Bow runs up to Adora and helps her up.
Bow says: "Adora!"
Bow says: "Are you okay?"
Adora says: "me."
Adora says: "And I can't do this alone."
Bow says: "You've never been."
Mermista shouts in effort as she and Scorpia take down bots, Perfuma also grunts as she and Frosta do the same.
Bow says: "We've got this."
Bow says: "Together."
Adora says: "..."
Adora says: "Together."
Bow and Adora run toward the fight, Bow pulling out an arrow; Adora grunts as she swings her staff and pelts a bot away.
Adora says: "Scorpia, coming at ya!"
Scorpia shouts as she shoots electricity at the bot, frying it; Mermista grunts nearby, a wave of water flowing at bots.
Adora says: "Bow!"
Adora says: "The drone!"
Frosta fires ice fists at a couple bots, then gasps as more loom over her.
Adora says: "Frosta!"
Adora says: "Ice catapult."
Frosta runs up to Adora and uses Adora's staff to propel herself with ice fists at the bots, yelling and taking them down in a thud; the smoke clears and the group stands confidently above a downed bot; a civilian child in camp nearby runs to be held by a parent.
Adora says: "We can't stay here, it isn't safe anymore."
Bow says: "We're kinda running out of places to hide."
Adora says: "I think..."
Adora says: "I know where we can go."
More drones and bots whir and run in towards them.
Adora says: "And we better hurry, come on!"
They all run off.
Horde Prime's ship, Prime's dining room.
Two clones escort Glimmer out of the room, then Catra gets up and goes to Prime.
Catra says: "These princesses are so predictable with their feelings."
Prime says: "As were you."
Catra says: "..."
Catra says: "What?"
Prime says: "Elevated heart rate, dilated pupils..."
Prime says: "Adora means something to you."
Catra says: "She chose her side, I chose mine."
Catra says: "..."
Catra says: "She means nothing to me."
Catra says: "..."
Catra says: "What are you going to do with me?"
Prime says: "But fear not."
Prime says: "I have great plans for you."
Prime says: "Every part of the machine is of value."
Prime says: "Even you..."
Prime says: "little sister."
Etheria, Whispering Woods.
Adora leads the group through the woods.
Bow says: "Adora, where are we going?"
Adora says: "It's around here somewhere..."
Adora says: "A place where we'll be safe."
Adora says: "Madame Razz brought me there and I saw it again in my dreams."
Adora says: "..."
Adora says: "I just have to hope it lets us in."
Adora walks up to some foliage and rustles it before a magical particle floats by, making her gasp in wonder.
Adora says: "There!"
Adora touches a tree between the glowing gap, and the trees begin to rumble and shake apart, revealing a glowing and particle-filled haven; Adora runs in.
Adora says: "Whoa..."
The rest of the group enters more slowly, all gasping and giving similar reactions in awe; animals call out nearby.
Micah says: "..."
Micah says: "Where are we?"
Bow says: "Adora!"
Adora gets flashes of the planet and of the Fright Zone, then falls and braces herself on an arm; another flash comes of her as She-Ra breaking the sword, making Adora cry out in pain; more flashes of a portal, Prime's eyes glowing, and the golden silhouette from her dreams shining and eclipsing everything; Adora shouts and passes out.
Bow says: "Adora!"
The rest of the group gathers around silently, concerned.
Credits Roll.