Bow says: "Of course."
Adora says: "And the queen is really okay with us taking off?"
Adora says: "I would've thought a mission to the Crimson Waste would've been too risky for her."
Glimmer says: "Oh she hates this idea, which is why I didn't tell her where we were going."
Glimmer says: "Besides, it's not like anyone else has a plan to stop Hordak from opening a portal."
Glimmer says: "You're right."
Glimmer says: "Tracking Mara's message to the source is the best lead we have."
Bow says: "Aw, there's even a cute little bird!"
Bow says: "Never mind, this place is terrifying!"
Adora says: "Okay, I know it's scary and dangerous, but if there is something to do with portals out here, we have to find it for the Rebellion."
Adora says: "And..."
Adora says: "for me."
Bow lightly pats her on the head with his tracker pad, getting a smile out of her.
Adora says: "Which way now, Bow?"
Bow says: "Uh..."
Bow says: "So, uh, slight problem."
Bow says: "Uh, my tracker pad, it's dead."
Adora says: "So, we're without a map."
Adora says: "and the plants are evil."
Adora says: "Heh."
Adora says: "But it's okay, we're coming from the north."
Glimmer teleports out of the way as Adora kicks a rock, knocking off the top of it and picking it up with the flat side up.
Adora says: "And, uh, I'm something of an expert tracker, thanks to the Horde's survival skills training."
Bow follows her with Glimmer close behind, who stops and turns as she notices something, staring at a skeleton in guard armor.
New scene.
At the Fright Zone, camera zooms in to show Entrapta working with Hordak and talking into a recorder.
Entrapta says: "Day 135, this could finally be it."
Entrapta says: "Initiating first test."
Entrapta says: "Here we go."
Entrapta says: "Aha!"
Entrapta says: "Something's wrong."
Entrapta says: "I'm turning it off."
Hordak says: "No, you fool!"
Hordak says: "It'll blow!"
Entrapta says: "Then it was blowing out the power grid, so we rerouted it."
Entrapta says: "Now it's powered, it's functioning, but it won't activate a portal."
Entrapta says: "It's like there's a key."
Hordak says: "Catra is never coming back from that fool's errand."
Hordak says: "The machine is a failure."
Hordak says: "We're done here."
Hordak says: "Get out."
Entrapta says: "That was just our first test."
Entrapta gets pulled out of the room by the sky bot and Emily, Hordak slamming his fist down and Entrapta glancing back at him sadly before the door closed.
New scene.
Adora, Glimmer, and Bow in the Crimson Waste, screaming while running from three snakes. They go off an edge and slide down, the snake peering over at them before leaving.
Adora says: "Okay, to review, the plants are evil, tech doesn't work, and sometimes, a sand dune is a pile of very angry, sand-colored snakes."
Adora says: "So,  I think we're getting the hang of this."
Glimmer says: "Why can't I just teleport us to the center of the Waste?"
Bow says: "Because you don't know where it is and would run out of power before we made it."
Glimmer says: "Oh, thank you for reminding me that my powers are limited."
Adora says: "Glimmer!"
Glimmer says: "Where's Adora?"
Bow points at the same spot where Adora dove, Glimmer groaning before teleporting, soon reappearing with Adora.
Adora says: "That is now on our list of things to avoid."
Adora says: "Wow, I'm learning so much today."
Bow says: "Adora, you know we support you all the way, but maybe we're not prepared for this."
Adora says: "We just need a little rest."
Glimmer says: "Or we could go there?"
Adora makes binoculars with her hands and squints before Bow hands her actual binoculars and makes a thumbs up. Camera shows through thee binoculars, showing a large skeleton of some animal and blankets draped through some of it.
Adora says: "Okay, problem solved."
Adora says: "We'll get out of the heat, and maybe there's a map or water inside."
Bow says: "Adora, I doubt there's anything useful here."
Adora and Glimmer gasp as Adora pulls back the curtain and they look in to see it was a bar with a bunch of people in it, all of which turned to face the group with narrowed eyes.
Adora says: "Just act tough."
Adora says: "Try to blend in."
Glimmer says: "Ha."
Glimmer says: "Bow!"
Adora says: "Okay, that didn't work."
Glimmer says: "Adora, I'm not so sure these are the kind of people we should be asking for help."
Adora says: "and we're hoping someone would give us directions?"
Goat Lady says: "You're outsiders."
Adora says: "Uh, yeah, I guess we are."
Goat Lady says: "We don't like outsiders here."
Goat Lady says: "And since the Crimson Waste didn't take care of you..."
Goat Lady says: "we will."
Goat Lady says: "We didn't mean to disturb you."
Buff Lady says: "There's only two rules in the Crimson Waste."
Buff Lady says: "One, the strong make the rules."
Buff Lady says: "And two,  Are you all staring at something?"
Buff Lady says: "Kids, what are you doing, asking these lowlifes for help?"
Buff Lady says: "Don't you know you can't trust anyone in the Crimson Waste?"
Glimmer says: "Actually, up until two minutes ago, we didn't know there was anyone in the Crimson Waste."
Buff Lady says: "Scoundrels, criminals, outlaws, all of them."
Buff Lady says: "Be careful, kids."
Buff Lady says: "Next time, I might not be around to save you."
Adora says: "Oh, wow."
Adora says: "We need her."
Glimmer says: "What?"
Adora runs off and up to the buff lady, who was seemingly flirting with the waitress.
Adora says: "Excuse me?"
Adora says: "Hi, can we join you?"
Adora says: "Great."
Adora says: "I'm Adora."
Adora says: "This is Bow and Glimmer."
Glimmer says: "It's Glimmer."
Glimmer says: "Princess Glimmer."
Huntara says: "Oh, a Princess."
Huntara says: "Me too."
Huntara says: "I'm the Princess of the Crimson Waste."
Huntara says: "Can you tell?"
Huntara says: "Or am I not sparkly enough for you?"
Adora says: "We're looking for something in the center of the Crimson Waste."
Adora says: "It's important we find it."
Adora says: "You seem like you know this place well."
Adora says: "Can you take us?"
Huntara says: "Did you not hear what I just said about trusting people?"
Adora says: "Well, yeah, but you said that while saving us."
Adora says: "So, you can't be all bad."
Adora says: "What do you say?"
Bow says: "Excuse us for one moment."
Bow and Glimmer both turn around, Bow turning Adora as well.
Bow says: "You sure about this, Adora?"
Bow says: "All the scary people are scared of Huntara, which is not usually a great sign."
Adora says: "A map won't get us past the scary plants or quicksand or whatever else is out there."
Adora says: "We need a guide."
Huntara says: "If I say no, you'll go out there and get yourselves killed, is that it?"
Glimmer says: "I mean, not ideally, but yeah."
Huntara smirks and picks up her weapon and spins it, the both ends of it retracting into itself. She put it in the holder on her waist, leaving the others in awe.
Huntara says: "Well, looks like you've got yourselves a guide."
Adora says: "Great!"
Adora says: "See, guys, problem solved."
New scene.
Entrapta says: "I know Hordak told me to go away, but I have some ideas for the portal machine."
Emily pushes her back when Entrapta tried to run off.
Entrapta says: "Emily, will you cut that--?"
Entrapta says: "Curious."
Entrapta says: "Okay, Emily, you might have a point."
Emily nods and begins backing away.
Entrapta says: "Quietly, quietly."
Hordak growled and looked over at her.
Entrapta says: "Uhh.."
Entrapta says: "hi."
Hordak says: "Get out."
New scene.
Huntara places her weapon on top of a stone, picking it back up when it pointed them in the right direction, starting to walk with Adora close behind her and the other two behind her.
Adora says: "So, heh, for a place that's supposed to be uninhabitable, the Crimson Waste sure is habited."
Huntara says: "The Crimson Waste takes in all sorts."
Huntara says: "They come running from the law, from their enemies, from different kingdoms."
Adora says: "From the Horde?"
Huntara says: "The war will destory all those idiots caught up in it."
Adora says: "What are you running from?"
Adora says: "Wait."
Huntara says: "Huh."
Huntara says: "Not bad, Blondie."
Adora says: "What can I say?"
Adora says: "I'm a fast learner."
Huntara says: "Cocky."
Huntara says: "Heh, I like that."
Huntara says: "Give it some time, you'll do well here."
Adora says: "No, thanks."
Adora says: "This has been a really terrible, snake-filled day."
Adora says: "Honestly, I don't know what we would've done without you."
Huntara's expression softens as she smiles down at her before realizing she was doing so, wiping it off as she grunted and continued walking, Adora behind her and the other two dragging themselves along as well.
Bow says: "We should say something."
Glimmer says: "No, we are supporting her."
Glimmer says: "Now, sh!"
Bow says: "You shush."
Bow says: "Shh."
Glimmer says: "Shh!"
Bow says: "No you."
Bow says: "Quiet."
Glimmer says: "What?"
Glimmer says: "You!"
Huntara says: "Your travel companions are loud."
Adora says: "Hah, well, it's been a long trip from Bright Moon."
Huntara says: "Bright Moon?"
Bow says: "Listen, I know my tracker pad isn't working, but I'm sure we're going the wrong way, definitely a different way than we'd been going."
Adora says: "We wouldn't be going anywhere without Huntara."
Adora says: "This is probably just a shortcut."
Huntara says: "We're here."
Huntara leads them through a doorway, the group looking around at what was more or less a wide pit with ledge-steps going down into it and a rock in the middle.
Glimmer says: "Uh.."
Glimmer says: "we're where?"
Bow readies an arrow and looks around, dodging a dart before getting hit in the back of the neck with a second one and passing out as well.
Huntara says: "Paralyzing darts."
Huntara says: "But you probably figured that out, being a fast learner and all."
Adora, Glimmer, and Bow are thrown into a deep hole, where they still just lay there and listen to Huntara.
Huntara says: "Outsiders are a risk to all of us."
Huntara says: "I did tell you not to trust anyone, Blondie."
Adora then finally passes out.
New scene.
Hordak gasps in pain, sitting with a blanket around him.
Entrapta says: "Ta-da!"
Entrapta says: "I made you soup."
Entrapta says: "Soup always makes me feel better."
Entrapta says: "Okay, I know one big soup is probably better, but theyre so cute!"
Hordak says: "I am not discussing this."
Entrapta says: "Your armor, it's holding you together.."
Hordak says: "It is none of your concern."
Entrapta says: "You're from another planet."
Entrapta says: "That thing in the vitrine looks like you."
Entrapta says: "And you've got tech compensating for your body."
Entrapta says: "As a scientist, I'm not going to stop until I figure out what's going on."
Entrapta says: "Now, tell me everything!"
Hordak says: "You want to know what I am; I am a clone!"
Hordak says: "A clone of the emperor of the known universe, Horde Prime."
Hordak says: "Horde Prime cloned himself, building an army to conquer all he saw."
Hordak says: "Planets, worlds, galaxies fell before us."
Hordak says: "I was his top general, but there was a defect in my cloning, and defects are worthless to Prime."
Hordak says: "I was sent to die on the front lines, but during battle, a portal opened and sent me crashing to Etheria, stranding me here."
Hordak says: "With nothing but a broken ship, I built an empire."
Hordak says: "When my portal opens, I shall bring forth my brother's armies to crush The Rebellion, and Horde Prime will see that he was wrong."
Hordak says: "I am not a defect."
Hordak says: "I am worth something!"
Hordak says: "But the portal machine does not work."
Hordak says: "I haven't conquered the planet."
Hordak says: "I could not even clone a new body for myself."
Hordak says: "Perhaps-- Perhaps Prime was right.."
Hordak says: "I am a failure."
Entrapta says: "Oh, no, no, no."
Entrapta says: "I'm listening, I heard you."
Entrapta says: "I've got an idea, but I need my tools."
Entrapta says: "Be right back."
New scene.
Glimmer says: "Alright, ninth time's the charm."
Glimmer says: "Everyone, hold on."
Glimmer says: "One, two..."
Adora says: "Bow, are you okay?"
Bow says: "Luckily, everyone landing on my ribs distracts from the other bruises."
Glimmer says: "I'll get it this time."
Glimmer says: "Hold on."
Glimmer says: "Ugh, I'm sick of this!"
Glimmer says: "We've been tricked, robbed, temporarily paralyzed."
Bow says: "Glimmer!"
Glimmer says: "I mean, I'm so glad we finally got out of there."
Bow says: "Adora?"
Adora says: "Having this mission made me feel in control."
Adora says: "After the last few days, I really needed it."
Adora says: "I needed answers."
Adora says: "I thought if I found out more about Mara, I'd find out more about myself, where I came from and why."
Bow sets a hand on her shoulder and Adora looks back up at them.
Bow says: "And we'll still get those answers."
Bow says: "We're not beat yet."
Bow says: "Sure, this road trip has been kind of a disaster."
Glimmer says: "Pretty standard for us, honestly."
Bow says: "But we know you're going through a lot, and we've got your back, whatever you need to do."
Glimmer says: "Besides, it's not like you stole our weapons and left us stranded."
Adora says: "It's Huntara."
Glimmer says: "Exactly."
Glimmer says: "It's Huntara's fault."
Adora says: "No, it's Huntara."
New scene.
Fright Zone, Hordak's Sanctum.
Entrapta holds up a blowtorch that hisses as the flame shoots out.
Hordak and Imp sit on a metal chair/throne while Emily beeps intermittently nearby.
Hordak says: "I do not need your help in this."
Entrapta says: "At least to me."
Hordak stares at her in amazement; Entrapta reaches a hair tendril around him and picks him up.
Entrapta says: "Stand here!"
Entrapta says: "And you're really too obsessed with this whole failure thing, I mean, I'm a failure..."
Entrapta says: "What does it feel like?"
Hordak says: "I..."
Hordak says: "I..."
Hordak says: "acknowledge the work you put into this."
Hordak says: "It is..."
Hordak says: "very..."
Hordak says: "technologically sound."
Hordak looks down at Imp, who kicks him lightly on the foot, screeching and gesturing a shrug in disapproval.
Hordak says: "Any who discount you are utter fools!"
Entrapta says: "Thanks."
Entrapta says: "I like being friends with you, too."
Hordak smiles and settles.
New scene.
Crimson Waste, Huntara's campsite.
Huntara and her goons sit around a fire as Huntara stares at and turns the Sword of Protection in her hands.
Huntara says: "Stop messing around."
Horned Goon Girl says: "Come on, we're just having fun."
Horned Goon Girl says: "Didn't you see the shock on those outsiders' faces?"
Horned Goon Girl says: "Are you feeling guilty?"
Huntara drops the sword and it stabs deep into the rock, clanging; Huntara grabs the horned goon and throws her up against a rock wall, the goon grunting in surprise and pain.
Huntara says: "I did what I had to, to keep us all safe."
Horned Goon Girl says: "You mean keep yourself safe."
Horned Goon Girl says: "You act so tough, but you're running scared from something just like the rest of us."
Huntara growls and forcefully punches just to the side of the goon's head, making her grunt in fear.
Huntara says: "I don't run away from anything!"
Huntara says: "I am Huntara of the Crimson Waste."
A burst of sparkle magic hits Huntara in the side of the face, making her grunt.
Glimmer says: "That's nice."
Glimmer says: "I'm Princess Glimmer of Bright Moon, and I sparkle!"
Glimmer throws another sparkle bomb before teleporting away; the bomb knocks the horned goon away and Glimmer ports in between Huntara and the goon, groaning as she strains to pull the sword from its sheathe in the ground; Huntara sees this and runs at her, sliding and kicking the sword out of her hands with a shout; the sword spins in the air and Huntara snatches it and points it at Glimmer, now on the ground; Glimmer glances to the side and dives for Bow's bow and arrows, teleporting away; Huntara growls in anger as she and the goons look around for Glimmer; Adora sprints up and tackles Huntara from behind, both grunting as they fall to the ground; arrows fly in and land near the horned goon, making them groan and run as Glimmer ports where they were and taunts the four-armed lizard girl with a raspberry, making the lizard girl jump after her a couple times as she ports away.
Adora says: "That's mine."
Huntara says: "Then come and take it!"
Huntara flips away, and Adora flails for a moment, almost losing her balance, then regains it and flips away, sliding into place; Adora shakes her head and stares down Huntara as she fancily flips it around in her hand; Adora smirks and pulls out Huntara's staff, fancily flipping it.
Huntara says: "That's mine."
Adora says: "Then come and take it!"
Huntara rushes Adora, growling, while Adora twists the staff unsuccessfully, looking up and gasping when she sees Huntara sprinting at her; Adora gives a final twist to the staff and strains, then hits the top and sets off the sharp extension, shouting in surprise, just as Huntara reaches her, parrying a swipe of the sword with the staff; they trade parries and continue to clash and strain against each other, grunting, until Huntara headbutts Adora.
Near the rockface surrounding the camp, Bow runs along the edge, arrows readied as the horned goon shoots blow darts at him; he dodges and fires two arrows, pinning the goon's shirt to a rock behind them, making them shout; Bow slides down the rockface just as the goon pulls the arrow out and begins to run, but Bow fires a net arrow, encasing them against the rock.
Bow says: "Ha!"
Behind Bow, a rock explodes into dust as the lizard goon jumps around, hammering the spaces Glimmer teleports out of; Glimmer ports in and taunts the goon again, making them roar and rush her; she teleports away just as they reach her and punch the rock wall behind, making the foundation crumble; Glimmer teleports to the top and kicks it swiftly, making rocks rain down on the now groaning in fear lizard girl; a rock knocks them on the face as they are buried, then Glimmer ports to where Bow is standing and they both assess Bow's handiwork with the horned goon in the net, humming; they then turn to where Adora is grunting, fighting Huntara, and teleport away.
Huntara and Adora continue to clash weapons, straining against the other's blows; finally, Huntara kicks Adora and sends her flying, knocking the staff from her hands; Adora slides to one knee and looks up to find Huntara pointing the sword tip at her neck, making her scowl; Huntara looks away a moment, then shouts and swipes the sword in an arc meant to take Adora's head, but Adora dodges and rushes Huntara, headbutting her and sending her reeling back; Adora continues forward and kicks Huntara, sending the sword flying; Adora flips herself to land away as the sword stabs near Huntara who holds her head and shakes it; Glimmer teleports next to the sword and pulls it out, making Huntara gasp in surprise.
Glimmer says: "Quick!"
Glimmer says: "Time for She-Ra!"
Huntara says: "Wait!"
Huntara says: "You know about She-Ra?!"
Huntara says: "!"
Adora says: "I am She-Ra."
Adora says: "For the Honor of Grayskull."
A light encompasses Adora as she transforms into She-Ra.
Huntara says: "She-Ra..."
Huntara says: "is a person?"
She-Ra says: "Where did you hear about She-Ra?"
She-Ra says: "After all, it's not like it's something they teach you..."
She-Ra says: "in the Horde."
Huntara says: "I was a Horde soldier."
Huntara says: "They told us we were heroes, freeing Etheria from the evil princesses."
Huntara says: "But when I saw what we were doing..."
Huntara says: "how Hordak just..."
Huntara says: "threw soldiers away..."
Huntara says: "well."
Huntara says: "You know what we saw."
Huntara says: "You were one of us."
Huntara says: "That's where you learned to fight, isn't it?"
Huntara says: "I'd recognize that training anywhere."
She-Ra says: "You deserted."
She-Ra says: "I did, too."
She-Ra says: "And I joined the Rebellion."
Huntara says: "Then you're a fool."
Huntara says: "One girl can't make a difference against the might of the Horde, even a tall, shiny girl like you."
Huntara says: "It's useless to try."
She-Ra says: "Maybe, but I'm not alone."
She-Ra says: "I won't stand by and watch people get hurt."
She-Ra says: "And I won't run away."
She-Ra says: "Huntara, I need your help."
She-Ra says: "I need you to help us find what we came for."
Horned Goon Girl says: "You need to drop your weapons."
Glimmer struggles and groans in the goon's grip as they smile menacingly at She-Ra with the blow-dart gun readied against Glimmer's neck.
Horned Goon Girl says: "Come on, Huntara."
Horned Goon Girl says: "Let's grab our loot and go."
Huntara walks up to the goon and places a hand on her shoulder gently; then, Huntara tightens her grip to squeeze her shoulder painfully, making her grunt; Huntara tosses the goon into the lizard girl, making her drop a shrieking Glimmer; the goons roar and shout in surprise and fear and run away.
Huntara says: "Now come on, we've got lots of ground to cover before we reach the ship."
She-Ra says: "What ship?"
They all crest the top of a ridge and look ahead, Adora de-transformed; a large metal ship protrudes from the ground a distance away.
Bow says: "Adora..."
Bow says: "what is that?"
Adora says: "It's..."
Adora says: "it's Mara's ship."
Credits Roll.