High-pitched humming, small green lights flicker on down the spire. A group of what looks like sea elves are gathered, watching it, then switches to a view from the Whispering Woods. A holographic Horde Prime forms.
Horde Prime says: "Rejoice, Etheria, for Prime has come to you."
Horde Prime says: "Prime sees all."
Horde Prime says: "Prime knows all."
Horde Prime says: "They will not escape my judgement."
The princesses, Perfuma, Scorpia, Mermista and Frosta stand in a line on a cliff watching.
Entrapta barges in between Scorpia and Mermista.
Entrapta says: "Wow..."
Entrapta says: "this is amazing!"
Scorpia lowers her grey signaler and the others look and her in obvious annoyance.
Entrapta says: "Mm, and..."
Entrapta says: "bad."
Entrapta says: "Very bad."
Opening theme.
Scene transition to Adora laying on the floor in her tent. Bow comes in with a tray.
Bow says: "Hey, sleepyhead, you hungry?"
Bow says: "What happened?"
Bow says: "Are you okay?"
Adora says: "I gotta go..."
Adora says: "save Glimmer."
Adora says: "My body is betraying me."
Bow says: "No, you’re exhausted."
Bow says: "That happens to regular people when they keep throwing themselves into battle and refusing to sleep."
Adora says: "I hate it."
Bow says: "Come on, you just need to rest."
Adora sighs; her head hits the pillow and her eyes start closing slowly.
Frosta says: "IS SHE DEAD?"
Bow says: "What?"
Bow says: "No!"
Swift Wind says: "Wind?"
Micah says: "Is Adora feeling better?"
Micah says: "Did you tell her Horde Prime’s message?"
Micah says: "Does she know he’s looking for her?"
Adora says: "Whazzat?"
Bow says: "Okay, that’s enough."
Bow says: "Adora, rest!"
Bow says: "Swift Wind, head!"
Frosta says: "She will be fine soon, right?"
Bow says: "Yes."
Bow says: "She just needs sleep."
Bow smiles and Entrapta comes in; Bow’s expression turns annoyed.
Entrapta says: "Adora sick log, day three!"
Entrapta says: "Wait!"
Entrapta says: "But it’s for science!"
Entrapta turns around, the princesses Mermista, Perfuma, Scorpia, Frosta are gathered around a campfire, sitting on logs.
Mermista says: "Look, we have to do something."
Mermista says: "We don’t know when Adora is gonna get better and even when she does we have no plan on how to get Glimmer back!"
Perfuma says: "Well, then it’s up to us to make a plan to find Glimmer!"
Perfuma says: "With these!"
Frosta says: "We don’t need dolls."
Frosta says: "We just need THESE!"
Mermista says: "What..."
Mermista says: "are you gonna do with those?"
Close-up on Frosta; she holds her ice fists up to her face and they glisten.
Frosta says: "Punch..."
Frosta says: "Horde Prime."
Mermista smirks as Perfuma sweats and clears her throat.
Perfuma says: "Perhaps..."
Perfuma says: "if we meditate we can access our princess connection to Glimmer out in space!"
Entrapta says: "Hello."
Entrapta says: "Oh, hi."
Entrapta says: "Were you guys talking about space?"
Perfuma says: "Yes."
Entrapta says: "I’d do anything to go to space!"
Mermista says: "This isn’t like a fun field trip for you to run more of your messed-up experiments."
Mermista says: "Our friend’s out there."
Mermista says: "Remember?"
Entrapta smiles innocently.
Mermista says: "Glimmer?"
Mermista says: "The sparkly one?"
Frosta says: "You’ve met her multiple times!"
Entrapta says: "Oh, right!"
Scorpia says: "Wow…."
Scorpia says: "hey, Entrapta!"
Scorpia says: "Look over there!"
Scorpia says: "Is that a robot?"
Entrapta says: "A robot?"
Entrapta says: "Where?"
Scorpia says: "Look, I know she can be all, ‘Whoa, science!"
Scorpia says: "’  But I promise, Entrapta has a good heart."
Mermista says: "She’s betrayed us before."
Mermista says: "For all we know, as soon as she sees Horde Prime’s ship up close, she’ll ditch us to join his army!"
Perfuma says: "She did use her inventions to..."
Perfuma says: "attack us a lot."
Scorpia says: "I’m just saying, none of us know how to track a spaceship, but Entrapta might."
Scorpia says: "If you just give her a chance."
Perfuma and Frosta look at each other reluctantly.
Background clattering and groaning as Entrapta climbs to the top of a tent.
Entrapta says: "Aah!"
Mermista says: "Fine."
Scorpia, Mermista, Perfuma and Frosta stand in front of the tent.
Mermista says: "Okay, Geek Princess, are you gonna help us or not?"
Entrapta smiles and blinks innocently once again, Mermista groans and puts her fingers to her temples.
Mermista says: "If you help us find Glimmer, you can go to space."
Entrapta says: "GREAT!"
Scene transition to The Velvet Glove, the hallway in front of Glimmer’s cell.
Cut to Glimmer pacing inside her cell, then the door zings without opening.
Glimmer says: "Hello?"
Glimmer says: "Who’s there?"
Clone says: "You should not be here."
Clone says: "Prime has decreed that none shall speak to the queen."
Clone says: "You have disobeyed."
Catra says: "Why does it matter?"
Catra says: "Prime has more important things to worry about."
Clone says: "You unworthy wretch!"
Clone says: "It is not for you to decide what matters to Prime."
Horde Prime/Clone says: "Little sister, why do you rebel against my commands?"
Catra says: "Lord Prime?"
Horde Prime/Clone says: "Prime sees all, little sister."
The clone shoves Catra aside, and opens the door. Glimmer steps back, reluctantly. The clone grabs her by the shoulders and marches Glimmer out. As she walks, she looks back and after a few seconds, Catra returns her stare.
Scene transition to Adora twisting and turning in bed. Flashes of a cluster of planets, the Fright Zone, the deepest part of the Whispering Woods, the Velvet Glove, and then Horde Prime, his eyes glowing until the whole screen is covered with green light. Adora wakes up, frightened. Light is streaming through her tent flap. Adora gasps and sits up; she wipes her eyes with her hand, squints and turns to look.
Adora says: "What?"
Adora says: "Wa-- wait!"
Scene transition to the princesses on the outskirts of the Woods, Scorpia and Frosta holding leaves over themselves, Entrapta in front of them.
Entrapta says: "The message from Horde Prime was transmitted through that spire."
Entrapta says: "Which means it’s got a wavelength, connecting it to his main base of operation, one that we can track."
Entrapta says: "Well, hypothetically we can track it."
Entrapta says: "Horde Prime’s astral network is incredibly complex and I’ve only been able to intercept parts."
Entrapta says: "I need to gain as much proximity as possible to the receptor before I can triangulate their origin."
The other princesses look at each other, confused.
Scorpia says: "Mm, mm…."
Mermista says: "Mm, mm…."
Perfuma says: "Mm, mm…."
Frosta says: "Mm, mm…."
Scorpia says: "Hm."
Mermista says: "Hm."
Perfuma says: "Hm."
Frosta says: "Hm."
Princesses says: "Ohhhh!"
Mermista says: "Got it, got it."
Perfuma says: "I think we’re mostly hoping to find our kidnapped friend."
Mermista walks forward, the others follow.
Mermista says: "That spire is crawling with surveillance bots."
Scorpia says: "So, what’s the plan?"
Mermista says: "I don’t know, Adora usually handles the being-in-charge stuff."
Frosta says: "PUNCH THE BOTS!"
Mermista says: "Sure, sounds like enough of a plan for me."
Cut to clone opening laser door with Glimmer. The clone pushes Glimmer inside, she gasps.
Horde Prime says: "Your Majesty."
Horde Prime says: "Thank you for joining me."
Horde Prime says: "I thought you might enjoy a diversion."
Horde Prime says: "Tokens from many worlds."
Horde Prime says: "Worlds that I brought into my eternal light."
Glimmer says: "Worlds you destroyed."
Horde Prime says: "You know I am searching for She-Ra."
Horde Prime says: "You seem reluctant to help me."
Horde Prime says: "But I only wish to use your weapon to bring peace to the darkest corners of the universe."
Glimmer says: "Peace?"
Glimmer says: "If you activate the Heart of Etheria, there will be no one left."
Horde Prime says: "Yes."
Horde Prime says: "No war, no pain."
Horde Prime says: "Old worlds swept aside, a new beginning for the universe."
Horde Prime says: "I know you understand."
Horde Prime says: "All I want to do is what you’ve already done."
Glimmer says: "No."
Screen behind them turns on, Bow is seen pushing aside a bot and Micah readying to cast a spell - video stops.
Glimmer gasps.
Glimmer says: "What--?"
Glimmer says: "How--?"
Glimmer says: "How?"
Horde Prime says: "Do you recognize him?"
Close-up on the screen, on Micah, then on Glimmer.
Glimmer says: "Dad?"
Horde Prime says: "Let me be clear, Your Majesty."
Horde Prime says: "Your world belongs to me."
Horde Prime says: "But I am still merciful."
Horde Prime says: "Would you be reunited with your father in my good graces?"
Horde Prime says: "Would you deliver me She-Ra?"
Glimmer says: "I-- I wanted to use the Heart of Etheria."
Glimmer says: "I thought I could save the world, but all I did was bring you here!"
Glimmer says: "I will never help you."
Glimmer says: "And you will never win."
Horde Prime says: "Those who cling to the darkness have made their choice."
Entrapta says: "Well, no signal here."
Entrapta says: "We need to get closer."
Mermista says: "I hate the desert."
Camera follows Mermista around to the other side of the rock, she spies ahead.
Mermista says: "All clear, let’s go."
Entrapta says: "Wait."
Entrapta says: "I think I’m getting something."
Perfuma says: "Entrapta, we really need to get out of the open."
Entrapta says: "Hang on, I’ve almost got it."
Entrapta says: "Aah!"
Perfuma says: "I should run?"
Perfuma says: "What?"
Memrista says: "Entrapta."
Perfuma looks to the side of her, to see the rope broken. She gasps and starts looking around, then sees Entrapta walking into a drone’s radar. They all panic as Scorpia discharges a lightning bolt at the top of a spire, causing it to fall off. Mermista ducks and all sigh in relief as the drone then scans it, diverting its attention. Scorpia screams as Entrapta bumps into a bot, and it starts scanning her.
Entrapta says: "Oh, hello."
Entrapta says: "You’re..."
Entrapta says: "very technologically advanced."
Scorpia says: "What do we do?"
Entrapta says: "Well, still nothing."
Entrapta says: "This transmission pattern is fascinating."
Entrapta says: "We should get closer."
Mermista says: "We can’t."
Mermista says: "I should’ve known better than to trust you."
Mermista says: "You don’t care about Glimmer or any of us, you only care about tech!"
Entrapta says: "Are you all..."
Entrapta says: "mad at me?"
Mermista says: "You’re seriously just realizing that?"
Mermista says: "Yeah, we’re mad!"
Perfuma says: "You don’t consider how your actions affect other people!"
Perfuma says: "Even people who are supposed to be your friends."
Frosta says: "Like us."
Frosta says: "The ones getting beat up by your dumb bots."
Entrapta says: "I’m not good at people."
Entrapta says: "But I am good at tech."
Entrapta says: "I thought maybe if I could use tech to help you, you’d like me."
Mermista says: "Entrapta, no!"
Mermista says: "I said we have to leave!"
Mermista says: "Can you listen for once in your life?"
Entrapta says: "I’m sorry I’m bad at listening!"
Entrapta says: "I’m sorry I mess everything up!"
Entrapta says: "But you need this signal, and I’m gonna get it for you."
Mermista says: "You’re still trying to get the signal?"
Entrapta tears in her eyes Of course. Glimmer needs us. Mermista looks upwards to see drones flying above them, and Entrapta follows her stare. They both look downwards as heavy footsteps approach, the bots.
Mermista says: "Okay, Geek Princess."
Mermista says: "Get that signal."
Mermista says: "We’ll cover you."
Entrapta says: "Oh..."
Entrapta says: "What’s inside you?"
Entrapta says: "Focus, Entrapta."
Entrapta says: "Glimmer needs you."
Mermista says: "Perfuma, cut off that spire!"
Mermista says: "Nice job."
Perfuma says: "Thanks."
Perfuma says: "I wish there was water here for you, though."
Mermista says: "But there is."
Mermista says: "If there’s one thing I know in the Fright Zone, it’s the sewer system."
Frosta says: "That was so gross!"
Entrapta says: "Almost."
Entrapta says: "Got it!"
Entrapta says: "Ok, good news and bad news."
Entrapta says: "The good news, I’ve successfully triangulated Horde Prime’s flagship."
Scorpia says: "Hooray!"
Entrapta says: "Bad news, I intercepted the last message he sent."
Entrapta says: "He’s sending reinforcement ships to Etheria."
Entrapta says: "They’ll be here any minute."
Scorpia says: "I take back my hooray."
Cut to Adora in the Whispering Woods, running towards the golden figure and breathing heavily. The figure looks at her and releases golden light, whooshing and landing Adora in a large landscape filled with grass, and multiple crystal-rock spires. A portal separates her and the She-Ra-like figure.
Adora says: "Who are you?"
Adora says: "Are you She-Ra?"
Bow says: "Adora!"
Adora says: "Bow, wow, you were right."
Adora says: "I just needed some sleep."
Adora says: "I feel great!"
Bow says: "Good."
Mermista says: "Get to the ship!"
Entrapta says: "We found her!"
Entrapta says: "We found Glimmer!"
Mermista says: "But also, we found out that Horde Prime is sending more ships to Etheria today."
Mermista says: "If you don’t leave now, you can’t leave, period."
Mermista says: "So, uh..."
Mermista says: "RUN!"
Micah says: "We’re exposed here."
Micah says: "We need to make these goodbyes quick."
Adora says: "We’ll be back as soon as we can."
Adora says: "The Rebellion is in good hands."
Mermista says: "Yeah, turns out I’m an awesome leader, so we’re gonna be fine."
Swift Wind says: "Adora, I-- I’m not going to-- Oh!"
Swift Wind says: "I don’t know how to say this."
Adora says: "You’re staying here."
Swift Wind says: "I don’t belong on a ship."
Swift Wind says: "I belong on Etheria, protecting it."
Swift Wind says: "And with you gone, someone’s gotta bring the glorious flowing hair."
Swift Wind says: "I hope you’re not disappointed in me."
Adora says: "Are you kidding?"
Adora says: "I’m proud."
Adora says: "You’re exactly where you need to be."
Adora says: "I’m not She-Ra anymore."
Swift Wind says: "But I’ll always be your loyal steed."
Frosta says: "Surveillance bots."
Frosta says: "If they see the ship, they’ll alert the armada and stop us."
Scorpia says: "What’re we gonna do?"
Scorpia says: "Are we gonna stay here?"
Micah says: "No."
Micah says: "We’re getting this ship off Etheria, no matter what."
Micah says: "I’ve got an idea."
Frosta says: "You want She-Ra?"
Frosta says: "Come and get her!"
Mermista says: "What do you think, Micah?"
Mermista says: "Have we wasted enough of their time?"
Micah says: "Get my good side."
Mermista/Perfuma says: "Whoo!"
Mermista/Perfuma says: "Yes!"
Frosta says: "Yes!"
Frosta says: "Go Adora, go go go!"
Frosta says: "Go save my best friend!"
Scorpia says: "I reinstate my hooray!"
Meanwhile, Micah as She-Ra turns back into Micah.
Swift Wind says: "You okay?"
Swift Wind says: "I know you wanted to go."
Micah says: "But if I hadn’t stayed they wouldn’t be able to take off at all."
Micah says: "They saved me."
New scene, Horde Prime’s flagship, the Velvet Glove. Glimmer’s alien dinner food.
Glimmer looks down at her food when the door zings and whirs to turns light enough to see Catra.
Glimmer says: "What, come to mock me some more?"
Glimmer says: "You heard Hore Prime."
Glimmer says: "I’m supposed to be alone."
Glimmer says: "So leave me alone."
Glimmer says: "Wait."
Glimmer says: "I’m sorry."
Glimmer says: "Can--?"
Glimmer says: "Can you stay?"
Glimmer says: "Just for a little."
Catra says: "Okay."
Credits roll.