Crystal Castle.
Adora yelling, falling.
Disembodied voices of Adora's memories play around her.
Light Hope says: "Hello, Adora."
Shadow Weaver says: "Adora..."
Glimmer and Bow laughing.
Catra says: "Every hero needs a sidekick..."
Catra says: "right?"
Adora says: "For the honor..."
Adora says: "of Grayskull!"
Entrapta says: "I just need a little more time!"
Adora screams, then again in surprise at new scenery.
Light Hope says: "Hello, Adora."
Light Hope says: "You've come at last."
Adora says: "Light Hope..."
Adora says: "I can't believe I'm really seeing you."
Adora says: "I mean, I've seen you  I'm Adora."
Light Hope says: "Yes, I know."
Light Hope says: "I have been waiting for you since you were an infant, but I could not reach you."
Light Hope says: "And I could not protect you from the Horde."
Light Hope says: "I watched you grow up from afar."
Adora says: "Wow, that's--that's kind of creepy, honestly."
Light Hope says: "Creepy?"
Light Hope says: "Yes."
Light Hope says: "I have been called this before."
Light Hope says: "I chose this form so as not to alarm you, but if it does not suit you, I will choose another."
Light Hope disappears and reappears in a different form.
Light Hope says: "Is this better?"
Adora says: "Oh, no."
Adora says: "That's--that's, um, that's definitely way worse."
Light Hope changes back.
Light Hope says: "Forgive me."
Light Hope says: "My human protocol is many years out of date."
Light Hope says: "Allow me to select a new form that you will find appealing."
Adora says: "Ooh, no, no, that's, thank you!"
Adora says: "No, that's enough, tha--no, that's--that's, that's t-totally okay, please stop!"
Opening Theme.
New scene.
Bright Moon Castle, Glimmer's Room.
Glimmer says: "But shouldn't she be  And what kind of monster puts a chair here?!"
Glimmer says: "!"
Bow says: "Okay, I'm worried, too, Glimmer, but taking it out on the furniture isn't going to help."
Glimmer says: "We can't sit here and hope that she comes back eventually."
Glimmer says: "We have to do something."
Bow says: "Like what?"
Guard says: "Princess?"
Guard says: "There's, uh, something here to see you."
Glimmer says: "Don't you mean someone?"
Guard says: "No."
Guard says: "I mean something."
Swift Wind clops and whinnies down the hallway.
Bow says: "Our horse!"
Swift Wind says: "I am my own horse."
Swift Wind says: "Call me  Swift Wind!"
Glimmer and Bow scream.
Bow says: "Our horse can talk!"
Bow says: "He's a talking hoOoOoOrse!"
Swift Wind says: "As we've established."
Glimmer says: "He has wings!"
Swift Wind says: "Okay, I'll give you a moment to freak out, and then we need to talk."
Glimmer and Bow both gasping.
Swift Wind says: "--Great!"
Swift Wind says: "I think Adora needs our help."
Swift Wind says: "Since Adora transformed me, I've been able to feel where she is at all times."
Swift Wind says: "It's like instinct."
Swift Wind says: "But now I feel a pull, as if I'm being summoned to her side."
Bow touches Swift Wind's wing and gasps ecstatically.
Swift Wind says: "As part of Adora's herd, I need your help."
Swift Wind says: "Will you come?"
Glimmer glitches, then hums resolutely.
Glimmer says: "Of course."
Glimmer says: "Lead the way."
Bow says: "But, Glimmer, your glitching."
Glimmer says: "Is what got us into this."
Glimmer says: "Adora left to save me."
Glimmer says: "Now it's time for us to save her."
Glimmer says: "You in?"
Bow says: "Always."
Bow says: "But..."
Bow says: "I don't think your mom is going to like us leaving so soon after our last mission."
Glimmer says: "She doesn't need to know."
Glimmer says: "We'll sneak out and be back before my mom even realizes we're gone."
Glimmer opens the door to Angella standing there.
Glimmer says: "Mom!"
Angella clears her throat.
Glimmer says: "What are you doing here?"
Angella says: "Coming to see why my guard was escorting a horse into your room."
Swift Wind says: "I like to think of myself more as a role model for all horse kind."
Swift Wind says: "..."
Swift Wind says: "I mean, uh, what talking horse?"
Swift Wind says: "What's happening?"
Angella says: "You should get going if you want to track down Adora."
Glimmer says: "You're not gonna stop us?"
Angella says: "Glimmer."
Angella says: "I told you I regretted giving up after your father died."
Angella says: "I will not consign you to the same regrets."
Angella says: "Commander Glimmer."
Angella says: "I order you to continue your mission to find Adora, and bring her back home."
Glimmer says: "Right away, Your Majesty."
Glimmer says: "..."
Glimmer says: "Come on!"
Swift Wind says: "Uh, when we're back, I'd like to talk about freeing all the horses in your stables."
Bow says: "Later!"
Swift Wind says: "Hey!"
Swift Wind says: "Hey!"
Swift Wind says: "I'm still talking to the queen!"
Angella says: "Please be careful."
New scene.
The Fright Zone, Entrapta's holding area/lab.
Catra says: "Okay, I--what is going on here?"
Entrapta says: "Catra!"
Entrapta says: "You got my note."
Catra says: "The one you dropped on my head from the air vent that says, 'Come to my lab'?"
Entrapta says: "Yes, that's the one."
Entrapta says: "I've made great strides in analyzing the data from the First Ones data crystal you brought me..."
Entrapta says: "Look!"
Catra says: "Where did all of this come from?"
Entrapta says: "Oh, you know."
Entrapta says: "Here and there..."
Entrapta says: "rooms..."
Catra says: "Were there people in these rooms?"
Entrapta says: "Well, not when I went back to take the stuff."
Catra says: "You definitely belong here with us."
Entrapta says: "..."
Entrapta says: "So!"
Entrapta says: "The data!"
Entrapta fits the crystal into a slot, machines whir to life.
Scorpia says: "Ha!"
Entrapta says: "Look at these readings."
Entrapta says: "It's incredible, this seems to confirm my theories about the techno-organic nature of First Ones machinery resulting in thaumaturlogical compatibility between magic and science!"
Catra says: "I'm going to need you to try again, but this time, talk like a normal person."
Entrapta says: "Scorpia seems like she understands."
Scorpia scribbling.
Catra says: "Scorpia is drawing stick figures holding hands."
Scorpia says: "I call it 'Super Pal Trio'!"
Scorpia says: "This is me, this is Catra, and I think it's clear, come on."
Scorpia says: "I mean, I'm a bit of an artist."
Entrapta says: "I looked at the rock, which is a crys-tal, and used math..."
Entrapta says: "wait, do I have to explain math to you?"
Catra says: "Yes or no, did the crystal give you enough data to upgrade our weapons?"
Entrapta says: "Weapons?"
Entrapta says: "HA!"
Entrapta says: "This is so much bigger than weapons."
Entrapta says: "This could change everything."
Entrapta says: "Etheria's not just a planet."
Entrapta says: "Whatever the First Ones did to it, it went deep."
Catra says: "And what does that mean?"
Entrapta says: "You're asking me about my theories?"
Entrapta says: "I've waited years for someone to ask me about my theories!"
Entrapta says: "Hang on, I made a model!"
Catra grunts as she and Scorpia are pulled offscreen by Entrapta.
New scene.
Crystal Castle.
Adora says: "I don't want to be rude, but, um..."
Adora says: "who are you?"
Light Hope says: "I am Light Hope, Etheria's facilitator."
Light Hope says: "I was created by the First Ones, as you call them."
Adora says: "Okay, quick follow-up..."
Adora says: "who are the First Ones?"
Light Hope says: "The First Ones were explorers who journeyed from beyond the stars to settle Etheria."
Light Hope says: "They built this place for you..."
Light Hope says: "the Crystal Castle."
Adora shouts when Light Hope appears suddenly next to her.
Light Hope says: "Adora, I've waited so long for you, and now the time has come to show you your destiny."
Light Hope says: "You are She-Ra, Etheria's champion, appointed by the First Ones to protect and unite our planet."
Light Hope says: "There have been many before you, but the line was broken."
Light Hope says: "You are the first She-Ra in a thousand years."
Scene Transition to The Fright Zone, Entrapta's lab.
Entrapta says: "Behold!"
Entrapta says: "Etheria."
Entrapta says: "The First Ones didn't just settle on the surface of Etheria, their technology runs throughout the planet's core."
Entrapta says: "This whole planet it's--it's all First Ones' tech."
Scene Transition back to the Crystal Castle.
Light Hope says: "Everything on Etheria is connected."
Light Hope says: "The princesses are granted power over the elements through their Runestones."
Light Hope says: "As She-Ra, it is your duty to bring the princesses together."
Light Hope says: "Only then can balance be restored to Etheria."
Adora gasps slightly when her hand goes through a holographic silhouette of Glimmer.
Light Hope says: "You are correct."
Light Hope says: "It is great."
Scene Transition back to the Fright Zone.
Catra says: "And what are these supposed to be?"
Entrapta says: "Runestones."
Entrapta says: "From the data I've managed to extract, they regulate the planet through the princesses."
Entrapta says: "They're directly connected to each other and to the planet's power grid in a delicate balance."
Catra says: "Which means?"
Entrapta says: "Which means they're our best access point to hack the planet."
Scene Transition back to the Crystal Castle.
Light Hope says: "When the princesses and their elements are in balance, Etheria functions as it should."
Light Hope says: "But the Horde is destroying us in their quest for power."
Light Hope says: "There is no predicting what they will do next."
Scene Transition back to the Fright Zone.
Catra says: "Hack the planet?"
Entrapta says: "Hypothetically, but it's not so simple."
Entrapta says: "There's only a handful of Runestones in the whole world."
Scorpia says: "Runestone?"
Scorpia says: "You mean like the Black Garnet?"
Scorpia says: "'Cause  we have the Black Garnet."
Entrapta says: "The Black Garnet?"
Entrapta says: "You have a Runestone?"
Entrapta says: "The Fright Zone has a Runestone?"
Scorpia says: "Uh, duh."
Scorpia says: "It was my family's."
Scorpia says: "But when the Horde landed, we gave it to Hordak, who then gave it to Shadow Weaver, who--you know, you tell a friend, he tells a friend, it's like, it's kind of one of those things."
Scorpia grunts when Entrapta latches onto her.
Entrapta says: "Where is it?!"
Entrapta says: "!"
Entrapta says: "Can I see it, can I touch it?!"
Entrapta says: "!"
Catra says: "Okay, calm down."
Catra says: "What exactly are you planning on doing to the Black Garnet?"
Entrapta says: "If we hack the Runestone grid, we could boost the Garnet's power and use it for..."
Entrapta says: "well, anything."
Catra says: "A weapon?"
Entrapta says: "Potentially!"
Entrapta says: "But if it's like my other experiments, the results will be explosive."
Scorpia says: "I don't think Shadow Weaver will like that."
Catra says: "Scorpia's right."
Catra says: "Shadow Weaver won't like it."
Catra says: "..."
Catra says: "So, I will absolutely get you the Black Garnet."
Catra says: "Leave it all to me."
Hordak's Imp skitters across the ventilation above their heads, crawls up to Hordak's throne.
Hordak says: "What do you have for me, little spy?"
Imp says: ": Catra!"
Imp says: "I've made great strides in analyzing the data from the First Ones data crystal you brought me..."
Imp says: "Look!"
New scene.
Crystal Castle.
Light Hope says: "Is there something you do not understand?"
Light Hope says: "I can start again from the beginning, if you would like."
Adora walks forward and scares herself by fazing through Light Hope, shouts.
Adora says: "No, no, I got it."
Light Hope says: "Have I mentioned that you are chosen?"
Adora says: "Can we skip to the part about my powers?"
Adora says: "I need to learn how to heal my friend."
Light Hope says: "Your..."
Light Hope says: "friend?"
Adora says: "Yes."
Adora says: "Shadow Weaver did something to Glimmer and took her powers away."
Adora says: "I need to figure out how to heal her."
Light Hope says: "Her connection with her Runestone was disrupted."
Adora says: "Can I fix it?"
Light Hope says: "You will be able to do many incredible things..."
Light Hope says: "with training."
Adora says: "Great."
Light Hope says: "Years."
Adora says: "Years?!"
Adora says: "!"
Adora says: "Glimmer doesn't have years."
Adora says: "She's hurt because of me, I messed up."
Adora says: "I got Glimmer and Bow captured, and Entrapta--it's my fault!"
Adora says: "..."
Adora says: "I have to fix it."
Light Hope says: "Yes, your mission is to fix the planet."
Adora says: "My mission is to help my friends."
Adora says: "That's why I came here."
Light Hope says: "You are She-Ra."
Light Hope says: "Your purpose is to protect all of Etheria."
Light Hope says: "You cannot help only your friends."
Adora says: "Why can't I do both?"
Light Hope says: "Adora, you do not yet realize the power you have."
Light Hope says: "You are distracted by your attachments."
Light Hope says: "There was one before you who could not let go."
Light Hope says: "Her name was Mara."
Adora says: "Mara?"
Adora says: "Madame Razz's Mara?"
Adora says: "What happened to her?"
Light Hope says: "Mara was the last She-Ra before you."
Light Hope says: "She struggled with a power that she could not control."
Light Hope says: "Until it became too much for her mind."
Adora says: "..."
Adora says: "She snapped?"
Light Hope says: "She was compromised."
Light Hope says: "She gave in to fear and faulty reasoning."
Light Hope says: "Her desperate actions led to devastation."
Light Hope says: "Mara stranded us in the empty dimension of Despandos."
Light Hope says: "She broke the She-Ra line."
Light Hope says: "She nearly destroyed us."
Light Hope says: "..."
Light Hope says: "Adora."
Light Hope says: "I have waited here for a thousand years alone."
Light Hope says: "I did not know if I would ever see another She-Ra."
Light Hope says: "You must stay here and train."
Light Hope says: "Learn to be the She-Ra that Mara could not be."
Adora says: "I will."
Adora says: "I will do whatever you want."
Adora says: "I'll come back, and train, and learn about everything."
Adora says: "But I have to heal Glimmer first."
Adora says: "I can save the planet and save her."
Adora gasps as Light Hope summons holograms of Adora's most regretted memories.
Glimmer shouting in distress as she fights through Shadow Weaver's restraints in E9.
Catra says: "Adora?"
Entrapta says: "I just need a little more time--I just need a little more time!"
Light Hope says: "You feel guilt at these memories."
Light Hope says: "It is as you said, your friends are endangered by your presence."
Light Hope says: "It is better to let go now."
Adora says: "But..."
Adora says: "I can't just leave my friends..."
New scene.
The Fright Zone, the Black Garnet chamber.
Entrapta and Scorpia welding and placing metal panels.
Catra says: "Alright, hurry it up, those machines aren't going to hook up themselves."
Shadow Weaver says: "They won't be hooked up at all."
Shadow Weaver says: "Silence!"
Shadow Weaver says: "Did you really think you could invade my inner sanctum without me noticing?"
Shadow Weaver says: "I never thought you were so bold as to openly rebel, but it will be my pleasure to put you back in your place!"
Scorpia and Entrapta whimper in fear, Emily beeps.
Catra says: "Oh, Shadow Weaver."
Catra says: "I can do whatever I want with this hunk of rock."
Shadow Weaver says: "Absurd, by whose authority?"
Hordak says: "By mine."
Hordak pops up on a screen behind them, then all around the room.
Shadow Weaver says: "Lord Hordak!"
Shadow Weaver says: "I don't understand."
Hordak says: "Catra and Entrapta have been working on a way to meld this strange First Ones tech with our machines to weaponize it."
Hordak says: "I found out..."
Hordak says: "..."
Hordak says: "and was intrigued."
Hordak says: "I gave Force Captain Catra and her team my blessing to go ahead."
Hordak says: "..."
Hordak says: "So, understand, Shadow Weaver."
Hordak says: "I am displeased with your interruption."
Shadow Weaver says: "My Lord, you're really going to let this--this princess tinker with my Runestone?!"
Shadow Weaver says: "!"
Hordak says: "Her tinkering has increased the firepower of every weapon she's touched."
Hordak says: "So yes, she gets to tinker with whatever she wants."
Hordak says: "Including the Black Garnet, which is mine to give or take, as I see fit."
Shadow Weaver says: "You can't..."
Shadow Weaver says: "You can't do this!"
Shadow Weaver says: "I alone have learned how to draw power from it, a feat no sorceress has done before!"
Shadow Weaver says: "I have unlocked its potential!"
Hordak says: "And you wasted it on parlor tricks."
Hordak says: "Force Captain Catra, proceed."
Hordak says: "The Garnet is yours."
Catra says: "Yes, Lord Hordak."
Shadow Weaver says: "NO!"
Catra leaps out of the way of magic grunting, Scorpia groans as glass breaks all around them.
Catra says: "Stop her!"
Shadow Weaver says: "You will not take what is mine!"
The Black Garnet whirs with magical energy and bolts of lightning as Shadow Weaver charges up. After seeing Shadow Weaver generate a sphere of magic around herself, Scorpia grunts and lunges for her. Shadow Weaver yells, throwing binding magic on both Scorpia and Entrapta as Entrapta screams. Catra grunts as she dodges every magical blast.
Shadow Weaver says: "That's right, run away."
Shadow Weaver says: "It's the only thing you've ever been good at!"
Shadow Weaver says: "You have always been a disappointment."
Shadow Weaver says: "You've learned nothing from me!"
Catra says: "Oh, no."
Catra says: "I've learned everything from you."
Catra says: "How to predict when you'll strike, how to dodge, how to resist."
Catra says: "You thought you were punishing me all these years?"
Catra says: "Wrong."
Catra says: "You were training me for this day!"
Catra grunts as she claws at and breaks the piece of Runestone in Shadow Weaver's mask.
Shadow Weaver says: "NO!"
The magic dissipates; Scorpia groans in relief as she is let free, Entrapta embraces Emily as she beeps.
Shadow Weaver says: "Come back..."
Shadow Weaver says: "Come back to me!"
Shadow Weaver says: "Come back to me!"
Catra says: "Scorpia, restrain the sorceress."
Catra says: "We won't have to worry about her any longer."
Catra says: "Entrapta, if you would."
Entrapta sighs in anticipation, Emily boops.
Entrapta says: "Alright, everyone."
Entrapta says: "Let's get weird."
The Black Garnet whirs with energy and builds up electrical magic around itself.
Scorpia says: "Look!"
New scene.
Whispering Woods.
Swift Wind says: "And then I realized I'm free, but the other horses aren't."
Swift Wind says: "So I named myself Swift Wind after the swift winds of revolution and left to go kick down stable doors."
Swift Wind says: "Freedom, equality, and hay for all!"
Glimmer says: "Do you guys hear that?"
Bushes rustle more as creatures burst from them, Glimmer grunts when they run past. The bushes rustle more and a giant bug emerges.
Glimmer shrieks and grunts when she glitches.
Bow says: "Get behind me!"
The bug roars as it thunders away.
Glimmer says: "What was that about?"
Swift Wind says: "I feel something."
Swift Wind says: "We should run."
Swift Wind says: "..."
Swift Wind says: "No."
Swift Wind says: "We have to get Adora."
Swift Wind says: "Adora, then run."
Bow says: "Swift Wind, what is it?"
Scene Transition; The Fright Zone, The Black Garnet chamber.
Entrapta says: "Amazing!"
Entrapta says: "The Garnet is siphoning energy at a near exponential rate."
Entrapta says: "Yet the output is still building..."
Entrapta says: "!"
Catra says: "What does that mean?"
Entrapta says: "It means things are getting interesting."
Scene Transition; Whispering Woods.
Bow says: "Is it just me, or is it really cold?"
The wind blows, snow falling.
Glimmer says: "It's..."
Glimmer says: "snowing?"
Bow says: "That's impossible."
Bow says: "It never snows in the Whispering Woods."
Sudden explosion of cold wind, the crew grunts.
Glimmer says: "What's happening?!"
Glimmer says: "!"
Swift Wind says: "The bad thing!"
Lightning sparks in the sky.
Bow says: "We can't stay here!"
Bow says: "Swift Wind, do you sense Adora?"
Swift Wind says: "There!"
Swift Wind says: "She's over there!"
The crew makes their way to the front of the Crystal Castle, pounding on the side and grunting.
Glimmer says: "This would be a great time for my powers to come back!"
Swift Wind says: "Wait..."
Swift Wind says: "wait!"
Swift Wind says: "I know this."
Swift Wind's horn glows with magic, he touches the castle, and the door rumbles open.
Swift Wind neighs as the castle glows red.
Bow says: "What is that?!"
Bow says: "!"
Swift Wind says: "Uh..."
Swift Wind says: "this way!"
They make their way to the main room.
Glimmer says: "Adora!"
Bow says: "Adora!"
Bow says: "We're here!"
Bow says: "Wake up!"
Swift Wind says: "I think I can reach her."
Swift Wind says: "Hold on."
Glimmer says: "Swift Wind?"
Bow says: "Uh..."
Bow says: "Glimmer?"
New scene.
Crystal Castle, Adora's mind.
Adora gasps when the room around her glitches.
Light Hope says: "The Horde is hurting us."
Light Hope says: "Balance Etheria."
Adora says: "Light Hope?"
Adora says: "Light Hope, come back!"
Adora says: "I don't--I don't know what to do."
Swift Wind says: "Adora!"
Adora says: "Our horse?"
Swift Wind says: "Once again, I'm no one's horse."
Swift Wind says: "I'm Swift Wind."
Adora says: "You can talk?"
Swift Wind says: "Yes, I can talk."
Adora says: "You can talk?"
Swift Wind says: "I can see now why you're friends with Bow and Glimmer."
Swift Wind says: "They need your help, which is why I'm here."
Swift Wind says: "So..."
Swift Wind says: "."
Swift Wind says: "which way's the exit?"
Adora says: "I don't know."
Adora says: "Light Hope disappeared and I-I don't know if I should go back."
Swift Wind says: "What do you mean?"
Adora says: "Light Hope said if I leave here, I'll make things worse."
Adora says: "She's right."
Adora says: "Everyone will be better off if I just stay far away from them."
Adora says: "It's-It's for the greater good."
Swift Wind says: "Well, that's just stupid."
Adora says: "What?"
Adora says: "No, it's not."
Swift Wind says: "Adora, I've had the ability to form complex thought for like..."
Swift Wind says: "a week, and even I know you can't help anyone by hiding."
Swift Wind says: "Where would all the horses I freed from their barns be if I just sat in a pasture and moped?"
Adora says: "I am not moping..."
Swift Wind blusters.
Adora says: "I'm not!"
Adora says: "I hurt people, I ruined my friends' lives!"
Swift Wind says: "If that's true, then why are Bow and Glimmer here trying to rescue you?"
Hologram of Bow and Glimmer fighting off the spiders and holding Adora in reality.
Swift Wind says: "Bow and Glimmer are risking their lives."
Swift Wind says: "Not because you're She-Ra, but because you're their friend."
Swift Wind says: "What good is all your power if you don't use it to help the people that you love?"
Adora says: "..."
Adora says: "I'm not Mara."
Adora says: "I'm not the She-Ras of the past."
Adora says: "I didn't do this to fulfill some destiny."
Adora says: "I became She-Ra to help others."
Adora says: "My attachments, my friends, are a part of who I am."
Swift Wind says: "So."
Swift Wind says: "Are you staying?"
Swift Wind says: "Or going?"
Adora says: "Let's go."
New scene.
Glimmer says: "Adora!"
Glimmer says: "You're back!"
Bow says: "Adora!"
Bow says: "Spiders!"
The spiders squeal.
Adora says: "For the honor..."
Adora says: "of Grayskull!"
She-Ra transformation.
She-Ra stabs into the spiders, grunting.
Bow, Glimmer and Swift Wind laugh and neigh in happiness.
The door to the castle opens and they charge out into the blizzard, Swift Wind neighing and She-Ra cutting their path through the forest; a tree falling causes everyone to gasp.
She-Ra says: "Now, Swifty!"
Swift Wind says: "Hold on!"
Everyone shouts as Swift Wind ascends past the clouds.
Bow says: "Guys, look!"
Lightning crackles.
Glimmer says: "It's not just the woods..."
Glimmer says: "it's..."
Adora says: "It's the entire world."
Glimmer says: "Bright Moon."
Glimmer says: "Swift Wind, hurry!"
Swift Wind neighs as lightning crackles behind them.
New scene.
The Fright Zone.
Lightning strikes frequently near the building housing the Black Garnet and the energy erupting from it.
Scorpia says: "Wow..."
Scorpia says: "What do you think it's doing?"
Catra says: "I don't know."
Catra says: "But I can work with this."
Credits Roll.