Episode opens on Light Spinner and multiple teenagers practicing magic.
Micah says: "Woah..."
Light Spinner says: "Impressive casting, Micah."
Light Spinner says: "But you allow yourself to become distracted."
Micah says: "You can't expect me to out-cast Light Spinner; the greatest sorceress to ever walk the halls of Mystacor."
Light Spinner says: "I have no time for your flattery."
Light Spinner says: "If you're going to interrupt my lessons, you might at least apply yourself."
Light Spinner says: "I want focus as you cast your illusions."
Micah says: "Light Spinner, wait."
Light Spinner says: "What is it this time, Micah?"
Micah says: "I'm bored."
Micah says: "I've been doing light illusions since before I can even remember."
Micah follows Light Spinner as she helps the others fix their castings.
Micah says: "Teach me something real."
Micah says: "I wanna levitate, and travel through mirrors, and shapeshift!"
Micah says: "You know, the cool stuff."
Light Spinner says: "The Guild forbids third years from learning such things."
Light Spinner says: "You know that, Micah."
Light Spinner walks away and Micah follows, using illusion magic to appear as Norwyn, the Head of the Guild of Sorcerers.
Micah says: "{Mockingly} The Guild of Sorcerers prides itself on being out-of-touch geezers."
Micah says: "We wouldn't want anyone to learn actual magic or anything fun."
Light Spinner stops and looks back at Micah.
Light Spinner says: "That's a poor likeness of Master Norwyn."
Micah says: "Then teach me shapeshifting!"
Light Spinner says: "Patience, Micah."
Light Spinner says: "You must start at the beginning."
New scene.
Transfer to the present, revealing Shadow Weaver reflecting in her cell in the Fright Zone. She uses her nail to scratch a line in the wall. Catra approaches with a tray of food, opening the door.
Catra says: "Why do you bother?"
Catra says: "You're never getting out of this cell."
Catra smirks and drops the tray, letting it clatter before walking out of the cell and closing the door behind her as Shadow Weaver leans back against the wall.
Opening them plays.
New Scene.
In the Fright Zone, robotic arms are seen piecing pieces of metal armor to Hordak's body. He cries out in pain when one accidentally drags across his chest, angrily smacking it away and knocking the item it held out of its grip. He walks over to grab it, hesitating at the sight of what it was before sighing and picking it. He walks back to where he was as Catra approaches.
Catra says: "Lord Hordak?"
She gasps at the sight of him, quickly kneeling. Hordak keeps his back turned, folding his hands behind it.
Hordak says: "Why is Shadow Weaver still in the Fright Zone?"
Catra says: "She's--She's my prisoner."
Hordak says: "A dangerous one."
Hordak says: "I want her banished to Beast Island at once."
Catra says: "What?"
Hordak turns to face her, angry.
Catra says: "Lord Hordak, Shadow Weaver is still useful to us if we can get her to talk."
Catra says: "She knows more about Etheria than anyone else."
Hordak says: "And also about the Fright Zone."
Hordak says: "Have you considered the consequences if that information were to fall into the wrong hands?"
Catra says: "That won't happen."
Catra says: "Without the Black Garnet, she's completely powerless."
Catra says: "I can handle her."
Catra gasps as the power goes out, tensing before shouting as she is startled by Entrapta working on wires behind her, the lights turning back on.
Entrapta says: "Oh, hi Catra!"
Entrapta says: "What are you doing here?"
Catra says: "I'm a Force Captain."
Catra says: "What are you doing here?"
Entrapta says: "I've been integrating the First Ones' tech we got from the Northern Reach into Hordak's pre-existing portal mainframe, but it maybe slightly, completely overloaded the Fright Zone energy grid."
Entrapta says: "So we're gonna have to redesign that."
Entrapta smiles and walks over to stand by Hordak.
Hordak says: "What Entrapta is doing does not concern you, Force Captain."
Entrapta says: "Oh, were you two having a meeting?"
Entrapta says: "Sorry, again."
Entrapta says: "I guess I should be going."
Hordak says: "No, you stay."
Hordak says: "you have two days to extract whatever information you can from your prisoner."
Hordak says: "Then you will banish her to Beast island."
Hordak says: "Do you understand?"
Hordak says: "Or do i have to make myself understood?"
Catra says: "No, Lord Hordak."
Catra says: "I understand."
Hordak says: "Good."
Hordak says: "Dismissed."
Catra reluctantly walks away, turning back to see Entrapta sitting on the arm of Hordak's throne as she talked to him.
Entrapta says: "We should be able to initiate our first test of the portal machine as soon as I rebuild the electrical grid."
Catra finishes her walk out, angry.
New scene.
Back in Shadow Weaver's cell, she reaches for the tray of food, the shackles around her wrists preventing her from reaching it. She attempts to use magic to draw the tray closer, only to fail before reflecting on another memory.
New scene.
Light Spinner uses her magic to bring a pink crystal in front of Micah.
Micah says: "You actually moved it."
Micah says: "How?"
Light Spinner says: "There's magic everywhere."
Light Spinner says: "The Princesses channel elemental magic through their Runestones."
Micah inspects and knaws on the crystal in the background.
Light Spinner says: "But sorcerers can learn to channel lesser power through spells and incantation after many years of serious study and discipline."
Micah says: "Oh."
Light Spinner says: "The Guild brings those who have a talent for magic to study here in Mystacor."
Light Spinner says: "But I only train the truly gifted."
Light Spinner says: "You're one of the most talented students I've ever seen."
Light Spinner says: "But you lack dedication."
Micah says: "I'll prove it to you that I'm worthy."
Micah says: "Here, I'll show you."
Micah reaches out to the crystal before Light Spinner set her hand on top of his.
Light Spinner says: "Not yet."
Light Spinner says: "First, you must promise to do exactly as I say."
Micah and Light Spinner grab armfuls of crystals off the walls, a sorceress walking into the room just as they run out.
Micah is shown grinding the crystals to a blue powder, Light Spinner holding some in her hand and watching it glow, Micah grabbing some as well and smiling at the glow it emitted.
Micah says: "Huh?"
Light Spinner uses the powder to draw a symbol on the ground which glows and turns black, she then grabs a scroll and starts to read through it.
Micah grabs some of the powder and runs off, adding a bit to the symbol that makes it glow red then blue to show he had fixed it.
New scene.
Light Spinner creates a symbol mid-air and moves it over the basin, the symbol transforming into a diamond.
Micah creates his own small diamond, adding his magic to Light Spinner's and making it a 3D pink diamond, bubbles of water from the basin below coming up and circling around it before it all descended.
Light Spinner says: "Impossible.."
Light Spinner says: "Who else has been teaching you?"
Micah says: "No one."
Micah says: "I just did what you taught me."
Micah says: "Did I do something wrong?"
Light Spinner says: "No."
Light Spinner says: "I knew you were gifted, I just didn't realize how gifted."
Light Spinner says: "You have incredible power!"
Light Spinner says: "And I'm the one who will mold that power."
Micah says: "So you'll keep teaching me?"
Light Spinner says: "Of course."
Light Spinner says: "We're going to do great things together."
Micah says: "Yes!"
Micah says: "I mean, ahem, thank you, Light Spinner."
Light Spinner says: "The Guild needs talents like ours more than ever before."
Light Spinner says: "Perhaps--  No.."
Light Spinner says: "yo're not ready."
Micah says: "I-- I know I have a lot to learn, but I'm ready for anything."
Micah says: "What is it?"
Micah says: "It's awful."
Micah says: "Why would you conjure this?"
Light Spinner says: "It's no illusion."
Light Spinner says: "This is really happening."
Light Spinner says: "An army has invaded our lands."
Light Spinner says: "They call themselves  the Horde."
Light Spinner says: "The Princesses have proved ineffective against their strength."
Light Spinner says: "They've accomplished much more in a short time, more than our so-called leaders have."
Micah says: "We have to do something!"
Light Spinner says: "Easy, Micah."
Light Spinner says: "The Sorcerers' Guild meets tomorrow to decide a course of action."
Light Spinner says: "I have a plan to give us the power needed to stop the Horde."
Light Spinner says: "I only hope that Norwyn and his followers can see the threat as clearly as you do."
Micah says: "You'll make them see."
Micah says: "If anyone can do it, it's you."
Micah sets an assuring hand on her arm, Light Spinner seeming surprised at his support and determination.
New scene.
New scene.
Catra is shown perched on a railing outside, jumping a little as it shook, clinging to it. Camera pans over to show Scorpia having walked up, chuckling.
Catra says: "How'd you find me?"
Scorpia says: "You always come here when you're upset."
Scorpia says: "Also, I looked everywhere."
Scorpia says: "Now, what's troubling my bestie?"
Catra says: "I'm not your bestie."
Scorpia says: "Oh, I don't accept any of that."
Catra says: "Hordak is making me send Shadow Weaver to Beast Island."
Scorpia says: "Wait."
Scorpia says: "Beast Island is real?"
Scorpia says: "Uh, Catra, can I get a hand?"
She turns only to see she was gone, starting to walk Catra? drops the broken railing and runs, finding Catra with her knees to her chest around a corner, approaching her carefully and sitting down I thought Beast Island was just a story they told to keep us in line. Being sent there is supposed to be a fate worse than death!
Catra turned and glared at her.
Scorpia says: "I bet there,s some nice stuff, too."
Scorpia says: "Maybe Shadow Weaver will write and tell us."
Catra says: "What is wrong with you?"
Catra says: "People don't send letters from Beat Island."
Catra says: "They go and never come back."
Catra says: "It doesn't matter how hard I work or what I do, Hordak doesn't trust me."
Catra says: "He never listens to me."
Catra says: "Shadow Weaver is useful and she can help us."
Scorpia says: "Seriously/ Because she hasn't exactly given us any information.."
Scorpia says: "Why do you really wanna keep her around?"
Scorpia says: "She's never been very nice to you."
Scorpia says: "I thought you kind of hated her."
New scene.
Light Spinner says: "We can no longer stand by while the Horde conquers more and more territory."
Light Spinner says: "The Princesses have been unable to stop them, and now they have taken a runestone, the Black Garnet."
Sorceress says: "No."
Another sorceress says: "No, it can't be.."
Light Spinner says: "We may not have Runestones, but there is a way we can make ourselves strong enough to stand against the Horde."
Head Sorcerer says: "What you propose is forbidden, Light Spinner."
Head Sorcerer says: "The Spell of Obtainment leeches power, turning the caster into a magical parasite."
Head Sorcerer says: "If it does not kill the caster outright."
Light Spinner says: "But I've modified the spell."
Light Spinner says: "Tonight the three Moons of Enchantment come into alignment."
Light Spinner says: "This will make all the magic of Etheria stronger."
Light Spinner says: "Think of the good we'll do!"
Head Sorcerer says: "There can be no good from this."
Light Spinner says: "So we do nothing?"
Head Sorcerer says: "The Princesses will settle the problem."
Head Sorcerer says: "Etheria will take care of itself as it has always done, without resorting to twisted spells."
Light Spinner says: "if we don't become stronger, we won't have a planet to protect!"
Head Sorcerer says: "Be satisfied with what you have, Light Spinner."
Head Sorcerer says: "Some power is not meant for you."
Light Spinner says: "You're all blind."
New scene.
Micah says: "What did they say?"
Light Spinner says: "{continues walking without looking back] They refuse to lend me their strength to do what must be done."
Light Spinner says: "They never listen to me!"
Light Spinner says: "After everything I've done, I still haven't earned their trust."
Micah says: "Then go back and make them understand."
Micah says: "The Horde will destroy Etheria if we don't stop them."
Light Spinner says: "If you want to help Etheria, there is another way."
New scene.
Catra says: "Pack your bags."
Catra says: "You're going to Beast Island."
Catra says: "Oh, that's right,  heh, you don't have anything."
Shadow Weaver says: "When?"
Catra says: "Don't you care?"
Catra says: "Don't you have anything to say?"
Catra says: "Just give me something!"
Shadow Weaver says: "I've given everything I have to the Horde."
Catra says: "You really are useless."
Catra says: "You are getting what you deserve."
Catra stops but doesn't look back.
Shadow Weaver says: "Take pity on an old, powerless women."
Shadow Weaver says: "I know my days are here are numbered."
Shadow Weaver says: "I want to see my old Sorcerer's Guild badge one last time."
Shadow Weaver says: "It must be among my things."
Shadow Weaver says: "Bring it to me."
Shadow Weaver says: "It's the last thing I'll ever ask of you."
New scene.
Light Spinner says: "The Spell of Obtainment is difficult."
Light Spinner says: "You must stay focused, though."
Light Spinner says: "Once we begin casting, we cannot stop."
Micah says: "Are you sure about this?"
Light Spinner says: "We need this power."
Light Spinner says: "It's the only way to protect our people."
Light Spinner says: "Do exactly as we practiced."
Micah says: "Light Spinner, what's happening?"
Micah says: "What is that?"
Light Spinner says: "Hold it steady."
Light Spinner says: "Do not stop now."
Light Spinner says: "No!"
Head Sorcerer says: "Micah, what is the meaning of all this?"
Micah says: "Light Spinner?"
Light Spinner says: "Micah, how could you?"
Light Spinner says: "After everything I've taught you."
Light Spinner says: "The spell was working."
Micah says: "The spell was evil."
Micah says: "You saw what it was doing to the room, to us."
Light Spinner says: "The only mistake was seeking the approval of a fool like you."
Light Spinner says: "You're all weak!"
Light Spinner says: "None of you deserve my help."
Light Spinner says: "The spell worked."
Light Spinner says: "I am stronger than all of you."
Micah says: "Light Spinner, please, don't."
Light Spinner reached his hand slowly down to his face, Micah squeezing his eyes shut only to open them when she unexpectedly cup his cheek in an almost motherly manner. They met eyes momentarily before she let go of him, setting him down before disappearing.
New scene.
Horde Soldier says: "Halt."
Horde Soldier says: "What business do you have in the Fright Zone?"
Light Spinner flicks her hand, tendrils of dark magic wrapping around the lady Horde soldier and devouring her while she screamed. Light Spinner then walked up to the second guard, who immediately put his hands in the air and dropped his weapon.
Light Spinner says: "Tell Hordak there is someone here who can help take him to victory."
New scene.
Catra says: "So, have you come up with anything to save your skin?"
Shadow Weaver says: "You know I haven't."
Shadow Weaver says: "Why do you insist on delivering my meals yourself?"
Shadow Weaver says: "Surely, you have more important things to do."
Catra says: "I guess I just like seeing you in shackles."
Shadow Weaver says: "We both know that's not the only reason."
Shadow Weaver says: "What do you want, Catra?"
Catra says: "Why did you treat me like the way you did?"
Catra says: "Why was I never good enough?"
Catra says: "Really, I wanna know."
Shadow Weaver says: "Because you remind me of myself."
Shadow Weaver says: "You always have."
Shadow Weaver says: "Nothing was ever easy for me either."
Shadow Weaver says: "I wasn't born to power like Adora and the others."
Shadow Weaver says: "I had to earn my power, fight for it."
Shadow Weaver says: "Why should it be any different for you?"
Catra says: "I was a child when you took me in."
Catra says: "What could I have possibly done to deserve the way you treated me?"
Catra says: "I am nothing like you."
Catra says: "You are old, and bitter, and weak."
Shadow Weaver says: "Ah."
Shadow Weaver says: "But you are like me."
Shadow Weaver says: "And just like me, you're losing your position with Hordak."
Shadow Weaver says: "I can see that even from my cell."
Catra says: "You don't know what you're talking about."
Shadow Weaver says: "You're being pushed out."
Catra says: "I am not."
Catra says: "It's just Entrapta understands all that tech stuff."
Shadow Weaver says: "Come here."
Shadow Weaver says: "She's earned his trust."
Shadow Weaver says: "How did you let this happen?"
Shadow Weaver says: "Don't you see?"
Shadow Weaver says: "I want you to go further than I did, but you need to be smarter than me."
Shadow Weaver says: "Stronger than me."
Catra says: "Then help me."
Catra says: "Come up with something so you can stay."
Shadow Weaver says: "But I'm tired now."
Shadow Weaver says: "Come back later."
Shadow Weaver says: "Please."
New scene.
Shadow Weaver stood at the Black Garnet, doing magic with it before hearing a baby crying, walking out of the room to find two Horde guys holding a swaddled, crying baby with a tuft of blonde hair. She eyed it before continuing to walk up to Hordak, bowing before him.
Shadow Weaver says: "Was your excursion successful, Lord Hordak?"
Hordak says: "I arrived too late."
Hordak says: "I found something but it's useless."
Hordak says: "Put it with the other infants in the infirmary."
Shadow Weaver says: "Can't you feel it?"
Shadow Weaver says: "She has power."
Hordak says: "Fine, take it."
Hordak says: "Just get it out of here."
Shadow Weaver held the baby as it was handed to her, uncovering it's face. The baby looked up at her, her crying ceasing and her hand touching Shadow Weaver's.
New scene.
Shadow Weaver says: "It's time."
New scene.
Catra says: "Uh, okay."
Catra says: "I know it hasn't been that long, but I figured we could brainstorm together."
New scene.
Adora was with Bow and Glimmer, holding up a rod from atop the roof to try and get a signal.
Bow says: "A little to the left."
Adora says: "This good?"
Bow says: "Better."
Bow says: "Okay, now, Glimmer, move yours more to the right."
Glimmer groans and teleports up to her side of the roof, tilting her rod a little before teleporting down.
Bow says: "My right."
Glimmer groans again but louder, teleporting off screen and reappearing next to Bow again.
Glimmer says: "Why are we.."
Bow says: "You know how I thought my Tracker Pad had broken back in Alwyn?"
Bow says: "Well, I've been studying it, and I realized the garbled static I keep getting on my screen isn't a bug."
Bow says: "It's picking up some kind of transmission."
Bow says: "With these three moons in alignment, all transmissions should be stronger.."
Bow says: "Adora, higher and more out-ish!"
Adora says: "Guys?"
Adora says: "Please tell me you got the message."
Bow says: "Some of it's degraded."
Bow says: "Can you read the rest?"
Adora says: ""Serenia."
Adora says: "Portal."
Adora says: "Mara."
Adora says: "" What's a Serenia?"
Glimmer says: "I don't know."
Glimmer says: "But if it has to do with Mara, it can't be good.."
Credits Roll.