A storm brews, wind blows and lightning crashes outside Bright Moon Castle.
Inside the castle; fire crackles in the hearth as all the princesses, Bow, and Flutterina sit around a table; Glimmer stands in front of the fire.
Glimmer says: "I called you all here to discuss what happened today."
Glimmer says: "The mission to retake Dryl was a complete disaster."
Glimmer says: "We barely made it out."
Glimmer says: "I wanna know why."
Bow says: "The Horde knew we were coming, they were ready for us."
Bow says: "How do they keep doing this?"
Bow says: "We thought they were tracking Adora, but she wasn't even there today!"
Mermista says: "Isn't it obvious?"
Opening theme.
Same room; lightning crashes.
Glimmer says: "Mermista..."
Mermista says: "We need to investigate."
Mermista says: "Obviously, I'll be the lead detective since I've read every single Mer-Mystery book."
Adora says: "Mer-what?"
Perfuma says: "Um..."
Perfuma says: "but no one's been murdered..."
Mermista says: "First, we need to question the suspects."
Frosta says: "Who are the suspects?"
Mermista says: "is a suspect."
Bow says: "Is anyone else sweating?"
Bow says: "I'm sweating!"
Glimmer says: "This is a waste of time."
Glimmer says: "We know that the Horde is pulling their troops back to prepare for something big."
Glimmer says: "That's what we should be investigating."
Adora says: "No, Mermista's right."
Adora says: "And, we know it can't be me the Horde's tracking since..."
Adora says: "A spy is really the only thing that makes sense."
Glimmer says: "Maybe they didn't fall for the distraction because you're a bad actress."
Glimmer says: "And who would the spy even be, anyway?"
Adora says: "Shadow Weaver has actual shadow spies--we met them."
Mermista says: "Shadow Weaver does seem like the obvious suspect."
Mermista says: "Which means it definitely isn't her."
Perfuma says: "Spoilers!"
Frosta says: "..."
Frosta says: "How are you doing that?!"
Frosta says: "!"
Glimmer facepalms and sighs in exasperation.
New scene.
Bright Moon, a rebel campsite.
Lightning in the sky; Flutterina opens the entry to their tent, lightning crashes; they hum happily, transforming back into Double Trouble; sits on a beanbag and calls Catra on their tech pad.
Catra says: "Move, now!"
Catra says: "We don't have all night, Kyle!"
Double Trouble says: "Meoow."
Double Trouble says: "You all right there, kitten?"
Catra says: "About time you checked in."
Catra says: "Are the princesses still moping around about Dryl?"
Double Trouble says: "searching for the elusive Horde spy who foiled their plans."
Catra says: "Wait, spy?"
Catra says: "Is your cover blown?"
Catra says: "They better not."
Catra says: "You have to keep them in Bright Moon."
Double Trouble says: "Darling, darling, don't worry."
Double Trouble says: "I'll just tire them out a bit."
New scene.
Bright Moon Castle, room with the hearth.
Bright Moon General says: "The what?"
Perfuma says: "..."
Perfuma says: "Although, there still weren't any murders, Mermista."
Bright Moon General says: "I sincerely do not have time for this."
Perfuma says: "Witnesses!"
Mermista says: "--you weren't where you were supposed to be at the Battle for Dryl."
Bright Moon General says: "I followed the plan exactly."
Perfuma says: "A likely story!"
Mermista says: "That one's really good, you should read it."
Perfuma picks up pen and pad, writes the book name down.
Bright Moon General says: "Look, this is what happened."
General's recollection of events plays back.
General says: "On approach to Dryl, Glimmer filled me in."
General says: "She-Ra would lure away the Horde."
General says: "Team A--Frosta, Bow, and Flutterina--would scout ahead."
General says: "Team B--Sea Hawk and Mermista--would guard the exits."
General says: "Team A indicated the coast was clear and we converged on their signal."
Perfuma says: "Oh, my!"
End General's recollection.
General says: "Team A sent the all-clear."
General says: "If you want to know what went wrong, ask Bow."
New scene.
Bow says: "Okay, I confess, it was me!"
Frosta says: "Bow, we're not even interrogating you."
Bow says: "I mean, if I am the spy, it's an accident..."
Bow says: "I think..."
Bow says: "Can you be an accidental spy?"
Bow says: "Do I have an evil alter-ego?"
Bow says: "Or was I secretly brainwashed and I'm just realizing it now?!"
Bow says: "!"
Plumerian Man says: "So, like, are you guys still questioning me, or..."
Plumerian Man says: "?"
Bow says: "It all goes back to what happened in Dryl..."
Bow's recollection of events plays back.
Horde flag flaps in wind.
Bow says: "Everyone was in position, and I was using my new tech to look for remaining Horde soldiers."
End Bow's recollection.
Plumerian Man says: "Whoaaa..."
Bow says: "Don't you see what this means?"
Bow says: "Either I lost my tracker pad at Dryl, and that gave the Horde vital information..."
Bow says: "or..."
Bow says: "I did it on purpose because I am the spy and I gave the signal and I didn't even know!"
Plumerian man says: "You're blowing my miiiind..."
Plumerian man says: "!"
Frosta says: "You aren't."
Frosta says: "The spy!"
Bow says: "It all makes sense..."
Bow says: "Who else could it be?!"
Bow says: "!"
New scene.
Bright Moon Castle, Shadow Weaver's garden.
Adora says: "So you're telling us you really didn't know anything about the plan to retake Dryl?"
Adora says: "Really?"
Shadow Weaver says: "Not a bit."
Shadow Weaver says: "I've been busy with my garden."
Shadow Weaver says: "She's always been paranoid like this, you know."
Glimmer muffles a chuckle with her hand.
Adora says: "I am not being paranoid."
Adora says: "You were spotted around the castle without your guards this morning, and I wanna know why..."
Shadow Weaver says: "I was engaging in a ritual."
Shadow Weaver recollects events.
Shadow Weaver says: "Essence of echinacea."
End Shadow Weaver recollection.
Adora says: "Okay, you expect us to believe you were just having tea?!"
Adora says: "!"
Adora says: "She's the spy, you're the spy!"
Adora says: "Who else could it be?"
Shadow Weaver says: "I am not the villain of this story."
Shadow Weaver says: "As to your question, Glimmer saw fit to grant me free reign of the castle."
Shadow Weaver says: "My guards have been dismissed."
Adora says: "No guards?"
Adora says: "Seriously?!"
Adora says: "!"
Glimmer says: "Yes, seriously!"
Glimmer says: "What has she done other than help us?"
Adora says: "Do you really want me to answer that?"
Shadow Weaver says: "Girls, every moment you waste here, the Horde gets that much further ahead."
Shadow Weaver says: "In order to catch a rat, you need to spring a trap."
Adora says: "Well, in order to catch the spy..."
Adora says: "we need you to admit that you're the spy--!"
Glimmer says: "Let it go, Adora!"
Glimmer says: "There's lots of other people it could be."
Adora says: "Like who?"
New scene.
Bright Moon Castle, room with hearth.
Sea Hawk says: "Ah, I love recounting the epic tales of my exploits."
Sea Hawk says: "My HEROIC exploits."
Mermista says: "Yeah, it definitely isn't Sea Hawk."
Mermista says: "Why did you even bring him in?"
Perfuma says: "You said everyone was a suspect."
Sea Hawk says: "Exploits for the ages!"
Sea Hawk says: "Narration!"
Sea Hawk recollects events.
Sea Hawk says: "I was supposed to be guarding the door, but  risking my very..."
Sea Hawk says: "life..."
Sea Hawk says: "Just like in Mer-Mystery: Serpent of the Sea!"
Mermista says: "Wait, is that where my book went?"
Mermista says: "Sea Hawk, I've been looking for it!"
Mermista says: "Moonlight?"
Mermista says: "The battle happened this morning."
Sea Hawk says: "I made my way over to her, when-- I took on the 40 to 50 Horde soldiers surrounding us and SAVED DRYL!"
Mermista says: "We lost Dryl, and you punched, like, one guy before Glimmer got us out."
Sea Hawk says: "Exactly!"
Sea Hawk says: "One HUNDRED guys!"
Mermista facepalms.
Perfuma says: "And why weren't you with Sea Hawk, Mermista?"
Mermista says: "Uh, because Frosta waved me over, but, like, disappeared before I could reach her."
Perfuma says: "But that doesn't make any sense, she was with Bow, and then..."
Sea Hawk says: "Who wants to watch me do some squats?"
Sea Hawk is pushed out of the room still squatting, shoes squeaking; the door slams.
Sea Hawk says: "I bet Adora and Glimmer don't shove suspects out the door..."
New scene.
Another room in Bright Moon Castle.
Glimmer says: "..."
Glimmer says: "Okay, Flutterina."
Glimmer says: "Where were you at the start of the battle?"
Flutterina says: "With Bow and Frosta, of course."
Flutterina says: "Like we planned."
Flutterina says: "..."
Flutterina says: "Is..."
Flutterina says: "Is everything okay?"
Glimmer says: "Everything is fine."
Flutterina says: "It's just that, everyone's so on edge after what happened in Dryl."
Flutterina says: "Have you tried interviewing Shadow Weaver about it?"
Flutterina says: "She seems kinda untrustworthy..."
Adora says: "whenever she wants..."
Glimmer says: "Can we please not start this up again?"
Adora says: "I'm just saying, it would have been nice if you told me."
Glimmer says: "I don't have to tell you about every decision I make."
Adora says: "Oh, but you tell Shadow Weaver?!"
Adora says: "!"
Glimmer says: "Maybe it's because Shadow Weaver actually listened when you and Bow kept  leaving without me!"
Flutterina says: "You two seem like you have a lot to talk about..."
Flutterina says: "Maybe I'll just come back later..."
Glimmer says: "I don't know why I'm going along with this."
Glimmer says: "The Horde is obviously planning something."
Glimmer says: "We should be out there, looking for them, not stuck here, playing around."
Adora says: "No one's playing around, Glimmer."
Adora says: "There is a reason we've been losing."
Glimmer says: "And we're going to keep losing if we don't act soon."
Flutterina takes a deep breath, turning to say something, then shouts when the door slams open.
Mermista says: "There you are."
Mermista says: "Why are you just standing around?"
Mermista says: "This isn't Mer-Mystery: Case of the People Who Just Stood Around, the..."
Mermista says: "sequel I wrote right now about all of you."
Glimmer says: "Who is even left to question?"
New scene.
Scene is a montage of questioning different people in the room with the hearth.
Dryl cook says: "I think I saw Mermista with Bow's tracker pad."
Bow says: "Wait, have you guys been here the entire time?"
Other Dryl cook says: "..."
Other Dryl cook says: "Tiny scone?"
Bright Moon Guard says: "I can't believe you read those, too!"
Bright Moon Guard says: "Mer-Mystery: The Maltese Otter is my favorite."
Mermista says: "Ugh, that one's so predictable."
Mermista says: "I saw that twist coming a mile away."
Swift Wind neighs.
Adora says: "Swift Wind!"
Adora says: "You weren't even there!"
Sea Hawk says: "I told you how I took out one hundred--no--one hundred and fifty guys, right?"
Mermista groans.
Bow says: "You have to arrest me, for everyone's safety!"
Bow says: "Otherwise my evil alter-ego might do it again!"
Glimmer says: "Bow, knock it off."
Swift Wind neighs, now with a mace.
Adora says: "Still no!"
Adora says: "..."
Adora says: "And put that back."
Mermista says: "It's not them."
Perfuma says: "No."
Glimmer says: "No."
Plumerian Man says: "I think, like, maybe She-Ra did it."
Frosta says: "Hey!"
Frosta says: "We already questioned you."
Plumerian Man says: "Oh, yeah."
Plumerian Man says: "I came back for the tiny scones."
Other Dryl Cook says: "I made a fresh batch!"
Dryl Cook says: "Fizzy beverage?"
Perfuma says: "If you just lent me the book, then I'd show you who done it!"
Perfuma says: "I think we should interrogate him again!"
Mermista says: "--happened in Pearl In The Window."
Mermista says: ")"
New scene.
Glimmer's room.
Lightning crashes outside Glimmer's window; she summons her staff and taps it on the ground; the door creaks open.
Adora says: "Glimmer?"
Adora says: "Where are you going?"
Glimmer says: "This isn't working."
Glimmer says: "Nothing we do is working."
Glimmer says: "The Horde is always ahead and I can't just sit here and wait for the next bad thing to happen."
Adora says: "So, what?"
Adora says: "You're gonna teleport into the Fright Zone and try to solve this all by yourself?"
Glimmer says: "Someone's gotta do something."
Adora says: "Glimmer, please."
Adora says: "You can't leave in the middle of the night without backup."
Glimmer says: "The less people involved, the better."
Glimmer says: "We don't know who to trust."
Adora says: "And what about me?"
Adora says: "Were you gonna tell me?"
Adora says: "Or Bow?"
Adora says: "Stay."
Adora says: "..."
Adora says: "I need you here."
Glimmer de-summons the staff.
Glimmer says: "Okay."
Glimmer says: "I'm here."
Bow says: "Adora!"
Bow says: "Glimmer!"
Frosta says: "Where have you guys been?!"
Frosta says: "!"
Perfuma says: "The communications panel in the war room has been severed!"
New scene.
War room.
Communications panel sparks with electricity, holograms glitching, and whirs as it powers down.
Adora says: "When did this happen?"
Mermista says: "I don't know."
Mermista says: "We were passing by the room when we saw it."
Frosta says: "Wait."
Frosta says: "We saw you run out of here two minutes ago."
Mermista says: "Uh, what are you talking about?"
Mermista says: "I was with Perfuma."
Perfuma says: "Could the storm have done something to cause this?"
Glimmer says: "This wasn't an accident."
Glimmer says: "This was sabotage."
New scene.
The storm finally comes to a head as rain begins to fall outside the castle and thunder can be heard.
The hearth room.
The fire crackles; Perfuma flips nervously through her notepad.
Glimmer says: "..."
Glimmer says: "The General is working on restoring communications."
Glimmer says: "In the meantime, there's a backup device in the dining room, should we need it."
Mermista says: "All of us here knew we were trying to unmask the spy."
Mermista says: "And we were the ones who made the plan to take back Dryl."
Mermista says: "We've ruled out all other suspects."
Mermista says: "Which means the only person the spy could be is one."
Mermista says: "Of."
Mermista says: "Us."
Perfuma gasps; lightning crashes.
Frosta says: "Perfuma was the one who let the Horde take the doors!"
Perfuma says: "I wasn't there!"
Perfuma says: "Wait, your team was the one who told us to come in, and you led Mermista away!"
Frosta says: "I."
Frosta says: "Did."
Frosta says: "Not."
Mermista says: "Trying to throw the blame on someone else, huh, Frosta?"
Frosta says: "If Mermista knows so much about mysteries, she'd probably know how to plan the perfect crime."
Perfuma says: "And there was water by the tracker pad!"
Mermista says: "Water that could've been melted ice!"
Bow says: "It's probably me!"
Frosta says: "It's not you, Bow!"
Mermista says: "Or maybe it is, like in Mer-Mystery: Salt-er Ego!"
Sea Hawk says: "It couldn't be me, I was busy fighting at least 200 soldiers!"
Adora says: "This is a waste of time, Glimmer."
Adora says: "Shouldn't we be--?"
Glimmer says: "Stop questioning my choices, stop whining about being a decoy, just--stop."
Glimmer says: "Okay?"
Adora says: "I'm not whining!"
Sea Hawk grunts as he squats.
Glimmer says: "All you do is question me."
Glimmer says: "Question my authority."
Glimmer says: "It's exhausting."
Sea Hawk says: "Okay, I lied."
Sea Hawk says: "I didn't fight 300 soldiers."
Sea Hawk says: "Mermista, will you ever forgive me?"
Mermista says: "Sea Hawk, we all knew that."
Bow says: "I don't know who to believe anymore..."
Bow says: "I can't trust my own eyes!"
Bow says: "Who am I?!"
Bow says: "!"
Adora says: "Look at what she's doing."
Adora says: "Look at what she's doing to you."
Adora says: "Shadow Weaver just wants power and you are listening to her."
Glimmer says: "Oh, what?"
Glimmer says: "Are you jealous because you aren't Shadow Weaver's favorite anymore?"
Glimmer says: "Or are you just mad that I'm Queen and in charge and you're not?"
Adora says: "That's."
Adora says: "Ridiculous!"
Glimmer says: "You just run around playing the perfect hero."
Glimmer says: "You have no idea how hard it's been for me."
Adora says: "Because you stopped including me in your decisions!"
Adora says: "We used to be a team."
Adora says: "And now?"
Adora says: "I don't know what we are."
New scene.
Dining room.
Flutterina closes the creaky door and walks into the room.
Flutterina says: "Come on, backup communicator, where are youuu?"
The lights flick on; Flutterina intakes sharp breath.
Glimmer says: "Hey, Flutterina."
Glimmer says: "Looking for something?"
Perfuma chuckles and waves.
Flutterina says: "Okay..."
Adora yelps when Flutterina kicks her in the ankle, then cries out when they push her to the ground; Flutterina pants and chuckles as they run past; Flutterina grunts when they knock into a magical forcefield.
Flutterina says: "Ohoho."
Flutterina says: "I see..."
Glimmer says: "Give it up, Flutterina."
Glimmer says: "If that's really who you are."
Flutterina says: "Magic."
Flutterina says: "How very clever."
Adora says: "Isn't it?"
Adora says: "Shadow Weaver helped."
Mermista says: "The reveal of how they caught the murderer is my favorite part!"
Glimmer groans.
Recollection of events plays back.
Adora says: "In order to catch a rat, you need to spring a trap."
Adora says: "So we set one up of our own."
Mermista says: "Classic murder mystery move."
Perfuma says: "There's no murder--never mind."
Glimmer says: "We knew a backup communication device would be irresistible to whoever destroyed the original."
Adora says: "We wanted the spy to feel safe enough to make a move, so we created a diversion."
Glimmer says: "Adora managed to be a really good actress..."
Glimmer says: "for once."
Adora says: "It was really hard, do not ask me to do that again."
End recollection.
Glimmer says: "So that brings us back to you."
Glimmer says: "Who are you really..."
Glimmer says: "Flutterina?"
Glimmer shouts as Flutterina transforms into Glimmer; Adora gasps as they transform into Bow, Frosta, Perfuma, Mermista, then Adora.
'Adora' says: "Please."
They transform into Double Trouble's form.
Double Trouble says: "Call me Double Trouble."
Adora says: "You're a shapeshifter..."
Bow says: "It wasn't my goggles glitching."
Bow says: "It was you, pretending to be Frosta at Dryl."
Double Trouble says: "And Perfuma."
Double Trouble says: "Don't short change my credits, darling."
They lick an eyeball and blink their eyes separately; the crew gasps.
Double Trouble says: "May I say, as one actor to another, that was truly a masterful performance."
Double Trouble says: "I really bought that you two were furious at each other."
Double Trouble says: "If you would indulge me, were you inspired by any real emotion or experience?"
Glimmer says: "Enough."
Glimmer says: "It's over, Double Trouble."
Glimmer says: "Now tell us what the Horde is planning..."
Double Trouble says: "Over?"
Double Trouble says: "Ohohoho, love, it's just beginning."
Double Trouble says: "The Horde has been planning a massive attack for some time now."
Double Trouble recollects.
Double Trouble says: "I let Catra know you were going to Dryl."
Double Trouble says: "It wasn't hard."
Double Trouble says: "I just had to keep you isolated and at each other's throats until..."
The Salineas sea gate; Horde ships make waves.
Double Trouble says: "..."
Double Trouble says: "the plan was underway."
Double Trouble says: "..."
Double Trouble says: "Salineas."
Double Trouble says: "If the Horde controls the seas, they control Etheria."
Hordak charges his blaster and fires.
End recollection.
Glimmer says: "That will never happen."
Glimmer says: "We won't let it."
Glimmer says: "Now that we know their plan, we can stop it."
Double Trouble says: "Oh, stop it?"
Double Trouble says: "Oh, this was a ruse, darling."
Double Trouble says: "A distraction."
Double Trouble says: "The Battle of Salineas is over."
Double Trouble says: "It happened earlier this very evening."
Double Trouble says: "It's too late."
Double Trouble says: "Salineas is gone."
Mermista says: "No..."
Glimmer says: "No."
Glimmer says: "No, i-i-it's not too late!"
Glimmer says: "It can't be!"
New scene.
Salineas, on a rock outside the sea gate.
Horde flag flaps in the wind.
Glimmer whimpers; the wind blows as smoke and fire crackle on nearby wreckage of ships; the sea gate whirs damagedly; Mermista falls to her knees and cries out.
Adora says: "..."
Adora says: "We can fix this."
Adora says: "We have to be able to fix this..."
Adora says: "right?"
Horde flags are all around flapping.
Glimmer says: "This won't."
Glimmer says: "Happen."
Glimmer says: "Again."
Glimmer says: "I won't let it."
Glimmer says: "We won't give up."
Glimmer says: "We will take back Salineas, take back all of Etheria..."
Glimmer says: "No matter what it costs."
Glimmer says: "No matter what the Horde throws at us next."
More Horde flag flapping.
Monitors blink and beep as Horde Prime smiles.
Credits Roll.