Scene opens in Bright Moon's council chamber.
Glimmer teleports Bow and Huntara into the room.
Mermista shouts as her chair tips over.
Glimmer says: "Oh, you're already here."
Glimmer says: "Perfect."
Mermista says: "Yeah."
Mermista says: "Where have you been?"
Mermista says: "Is this some new She-Ra form?"
Glimmer says: "No."
Glimmer says: "this is Huntara."
Glimmer says: "She's the leader of the Crimson Waste."
Glimmer says: "Or was."
Glimmer says: "We don't have time to get into it."
Glimmer says: "We need to get to the Fright Zone."
Queen Angella says: "The world doesn't stop just because you aren't here."
Queen Angella says: "We have been planning our attack on the Horde."
Bow says: "Ohh."
Bow says: "That's a relief, because Catra kidnapped Adora."
All gasp.
Queen Angella says: "The Horde has Adora?"
Glimmer says: "Which also means they can open a portal because they have her sword."
Queen Angella says: "What?"
Queen Angella says: "I don't understand."
Glimmer says: "There's no time to waste."
Queen Angella says: "Glimmer, slow down."
Glimmer says: "We need to go to the Fright Zone now."
Queen Angella says: "We?"
Queen Angella says: "You are not going anywhere until you explain."
Queen Angella says: "Glimmer, outside."
Queen Angella says: "Now."
Theme song plays.
Hordak's sanctum.
Hordak grunts.
Entrapta says: "This suit may be my best work yet."
Hordak's suit glitches, zaps.
Hordak shouts.
Entrapta says: "No reason to get in a tizzy."
Hordak says: "I have never been in a tizzy."
Entrapta says: "you can't expect everything to work perfectly overnight."
Entrapta says: "Like our machine."
Entrapta says: "We still haven't figured out the missing piece that'll let us cut through the planetary interference."
Entrapta says: "If we try now, the portal might not be stable long enough to get anyone through."
Hordak says: "We only need to open a portal for a short time."
Hordak says: "Long enough to send a signal through to Horde Prime."
Hordak says: "Once he receives it, he should have not trouble opening a portal form his side."
Entrapta says: "And then you'll have to go with them."
Entrapta says: "But there's still so much date we could collect."
Entrapta says: "What's the rush?"
Entrapta says: "We'll just keep working on it until it's perfect."
Doors open.
Adora muffled grunts.
Entrapta gasps.
Catra says: "What?"
Catra says: "Heh."
Catra says: "Didn't expect to see me again?"
Entrapta says: "Oh, you have a whip now?"
Catra says: "Focus."
Catra says: "I got what you needed."
Catra says: "This sword is the key to the whole planet."
Entrapta says: "I suppose it makes sense."
Entrapta says: "She-Ra's sword is First Ones tech, maybe the most powerful I've ever seen."
Entrapta says: "All this time, this was the key that we needed."
Entrapta says: "I guess I should figure out how it works."
Catra says: "I brought you everything you need to open a portal and finish the Princesses off for good."
Catra says: "What are we waiting for?"
Hordak says: "Hmmm."
Scene switches back to Bright Moon.
Glimmer says: "We're wasting too much time."
Glimmer says: "We need to act."
Glimmer says: "The Horde has Adora and the Sword."
Queen Angella says: "And then what?"
Queen Angella says: "How are you going to get in?"
Queen Angella says: "You have no plan."
Queen Angella says: "We are not rushing in."
Queen Angella says: "I won't lose anyone else."
Glimmer says: "Before I started “rushing in” the Rebellion hadn't made a move in years."
Glimmer says: "You need me."
Queen Angella says: "I need you to be a leader, and that means not running off whenever you feel like it."
Glimmer says: "What's the point?"
Glimmer says: "You'll always be around, telling me what I can't do."
Queen Angela says: "You never listen."
Queen Angela says: "I try and try to reach you, to trust you."
Glimmer says: "You wanna talk about trust?"
Glimmer says: "How come you never told me that Shadow Weaver was Dad's old teacher?"
Queen Angella says: "I..."
Queen Angella says: "It was a long time ago."
Glimmer says: "You know what?"
Glimmer says: "We should be talking to her."
Glimmer says: "She knows the Horde."
Queen Angella says: "She can't be trusted."
Glimmer says: "We have to do something."
Glimmer says: "You would see that if you weren't totally paralyzed by fear."
Queen Angella says: "I am you queen, and I say we cannot afford to lose anyone else."
Queen Angella says: "Either come up with a reasonable plan, Commander Glimmer, or stay out of the way."
Glimmer sighs.
Mermista whistles.
Bow says: "Uh..."
Entrapta says: "With the sword connected to the portal machine, we should finally be able to bypass the planetary interference."
Entrapta says: "I just have no idea how it works."
Entrapta says: "Heh."
Adora shouting through gag.
Hordak says: "Must she be here?"
Entrapta says: "Good question."
Entrapta says: "I'm not sure if we just need the sword or of we need She-Ra, too."
Entrapta says: "Adora, you wouldn't happen to know, would you?"
Adora says: "No."
Adora says: "Even if I did, I wouldn't tell the Horde."
Entrapta says: "That's okay."
Entrapta says: "I like figuring stuff out."
Adora says: "Please, Entrapta, you don't wanna do this."
Hordak says: "Silence!"
Hordak says: "Entrapta, begin."
Adora says: "You."
Adora says: "You took me away from my family when I was a baby."
Adora says: "You lied to me my whole life, about the Princesses, about Etheria, about who I am."
Hordak says: "I could not have lied to you about who you are."
Hordak says: "Because I have never known nor cared about someone as inconsequential as you."
Adora says: "You should care, because I'm the one who's gonna make sure you fail."
Hordak says: "I will not fail."
Hordak says: "You have no power to stop me."
Hordak says: "I am opening that portal."
Hordak's suit glitches, sparks.
Hordakgrunts.
Entrapta says: "Oh."
Hordak says: "Get it to work."
Sword of Protection hums then flies to the portal machine buzzing.
Entrapta says: "Woah."
Entrapta says: "Wow."
Scene switches to Bright Moon.
Bow says: "This is a bad idea."
Glimmer says: "It's a great idea."
Glimmer says: "Okay, it's terrible."
Glimmer says: "But what choice do we have?"
Bow says: "I wanna help as much as you do, but Shadow Weaver?"
Glimmer says: "Adora needs us now."
Glimmer says: "And Shadow Weaver would know all about the Fright Zone's weak points."
Glimmer says: "Lets at least talk to her."
Bow shouts.
Glimmer and Bow teleport.
Shadow Weaver says: "Princess."
Shadow Weaver says: "It's about time."
Glimmer says: "You knew we were coming?"
Shadow Weaver says: "Him, I had no idea about."
Shadow Weaver says: "But you..."
Shadow Weaver says: "You are smart, you want to stop the Horde, and you know I'm the only one who can help you do that."
Shadow Weaver says: "I must admit, I thought it would take you longer to speak with me."
Glimmer says: "Catra kidnapped Adora in the Crimson Waste."
Glimmer says: "We need to get her back, before the horde uses her and her sword to open a portal."
Shadow Weaver says: "His machine is complete?"
Shadow Weaver says: "And they have Adora?"
Shadow Weaver says: "We must hurry."
Shadow Weaver says: "If Hordak has the opportunity to open a portal, he will do so immediately."
Shadow Weaver says: "The Alliance will never get there in time – but perhaps..."
Glimmer says: "What?"
Glimmer says: "What is it?"
Shadow Weaver says: "Let me out and I can help you teleport right into the heart of the Fright Zone."
Glimmer says: "Me?"
Glimmer says: "I couldn't even get to the edge of the Fright Zone without running out of power."
Glimmer says: "I'm nowhere near strong enough."
Shadow Weaver says: "But I can make you stronger."
Shadow Weaver says: "I'm still the only sorceress who has ever been able to tap into a runestone."
Shadow Weaver says: "If you allow me to access your connection to the Moonstone, I can enhance your powers."
Shadow Weaver says: "You could teleport us all the way there."
Bow says: "Uh, us?"
Shadow Weaver says: "I suppose you could come."
Shadow Weaver says: "We'll teleport directly into Hordak's sanctum, disable the portal machine, and find Adora."
Glimmer says: "You can really make me that powerful?"
Shadow Weaver says: "You think of yourself only as a Princess, but you're the child of a great sorcerer."
Shadow Weaver says: "You have a more powerful connection to magic than you've ever realized."
Shadow Weaver says: "Let me show you."
Bow says: "You just wanna use Glimmer's power to escape."
Shadow Weaver says: "I want to destroy Hordak."
Shadow Weaver says: "We must strike now."
Shadow Weaver says: "Hordak can't be allowed to open a portal."
Shadow Weaver says: "We'll never have another opportunity."
Shadow Weaver says: "You know that."
Glimmer takes down the magic wall with a sparkle fist.
Bow groans.
Horned Goon Girl says: "Hey, would you look at this?"
Scorpia says: "You can't take that."
Horned Goon Girl says: "Ha, ha."
Horned Goon Girl says: "Let's make this thing official."
Scorpia says: "It doesn't even fit."
Horned Goon Girl says: "Not bad."
Horned Goon Girl says: "You look good in a uniform."
Scorpia says: "Catra."
Scorpia says: "Catra, there you are."
Scorpia says: "Uhh, I have been looking everywhere for you."
Catra says: "Yeah, well, I've kinda had my hands full."
Catra says: "Any minute now, Hordak's going to open a portal and I'll be the reason the Horde defeats the Princesses."
Catra says: "But hey, I couldn't have done any of it without you."
Catra says: "Thanks."
Horned Goon Girl laughs.
Entrapta says: "You're right."
Entrapta says: "Just look away."
Entrapta says: "Ohh, I can't."
Entrapta says: "What's taking Hordak so long?"
Adora says: "Entrapta..."
Adora says: "we never meant to leave you behind."
Adora says: "We thought you were dead."
Entrapta says: "But Catra said you abandoned me."
Adora says: "Catra would say anything that helps her get what she wants."
Entrapta says: "Catra is my friend."
Entrapta says: "I think."
Entrapta says: "Yes, the data says she is."
Adora says: "Look, I understand."
Adora says: "Catra was my friend, too."
Adora says: "But she makes bad decisions."
Adora says: "This is one of them."
Adora says: "The Horde's armies will come through, and then it's all over for Etheria."
Adora says: "You can't open a portal."
Entrapta says: "Oh, but I can."
Entrapta says: "Did you miss the whole sword makes the portal machine work thing?"
Entrapta says: "I really don't have time to explain it."
Adora says: "It's too dangerous."
Entrapta says: "All exploration has an element of danger."
Entrapta says: "But think of what we could find."
Entrapta says: "Whole worlds, galaxies, things we can't even imagine."
Adora says: "Entrapta, please listen."
Adora says: "It isn't going to work."
Adora says: "The last She-Ra made it so we could never open another portal."
Adora says: "Trying could destroy everything."
Entrapta says: "I have noticed some anomalies in my portal trials."
Entrapta says: "They could potentially pose a problem."
Entrapta says: "Maybe I should run more tests."
Entrapta says: "You won't try to escape if I just pop out for a quick sec, will you?"
Adora says: "Uh..."
Adora says: "No?"
Entrapta says: "Okay, great, really appreciate it."
Entrapta says: "Come on, Emily."
Scene switches to the Moonstone.
Mermista says: "What do you think you're doing?"
Glimmer says: "Please, don't try to stop us."
Glimmer says: "This is the only way to save Adora."
Perfuma says: "We're not trying to stop you."
Perfuma says: "We wanna come with you."
Mermista says: "Look, we could do the whole “You can't come with us, it's too risky” thing."
Frosta says: "Or you could just accept that we're coming."
Frosta says: "Because we are."
Shadow Weaver says: "A larger group will be a disadvantage."
Mermista says: "You will."
Mermista says: "We're calling the shots here."
Mermista says: "You're gonna have to make that thing bigger, weird scary lady."
Scene switches to Glimmer's room.
Queen Angella says: "Glimmer?"
Scene switches to the Moonstone.
Shadow Weaver says: "Quickly now."
Scene switches to the prison.
Queen Angella gasps, zooms through Bright Moon castle.
Shadow Weaver's magic buzzes.
Glimmer grunts.
Queen Angella says: "No!"
Scene switches to the Fright Zone.
Glimmer says: "We did it."
Glimmer says: "I did it."
Glimmer says: "Oh, that was amazing."
Bow says: "Hmm, kind of figured Hordak's sanctum would be way scarier and to so empty."
Mermista says: "Yeah, no, decorating is not their strongest suit."
Shadow Weaver says: "We aimed for Hordak's sanctum, but obviously we missed."
Shadow Weaver says: "We're not far."
Shadow Weaver says: "Stay behind me."
Shadow Weaver says: "And try to be quiet."
Door slams open.
Four Armed Lizard Girl drops cup.
Shadow Weaver says: "We have to go."
Perfuma says: "I'll hold her off."
Four Armed Lizard Girl screeches.
Perfuma shouts.
Rogelio growls.
Lonnie triggers alarm.
Mermista says: "My turn."
Mermista says: "I didn't almost drown in these sewers for nothing."
Frosta says: "I want in."
Ice shards thud.
Troops marching.
Mermista says: "We'll keep them busy."
Mermista says: "Go."
Catra says: "Lonnie, why did you pull –?"
Catra says: "Shadow Weaver?"
Shadow Weaver's magic hums.
Glimmer grunts.
Catra says: "I heard you were with the enemy, but are you actually holding hands with a Princess right now?"
Shadow Weaver says: "There's no sense in trying to fight us."
Shadow Weaver says: "You don't stand a chance."
Shadow Weaver says: "Join us, or stand aside."
Catra says: "Ahh!"
Bow fires arrows grunts.
Glimmer says: "Bow!"
Shadow Weaver says: "Don't lose your focus."
Shadow Weaver says: "Concentrate."
Glimmer teleports Shadow Weaver multiple times, Catra cracks whip.
Glimmer shouts.
Shadow Weaver's magic crackles down Catra's whip.
Catra shouts.
Shadow Weaver says: "Catra, there's no need for us to be enemies."
Shadow Weaver says: "I can help you."
Shadow Weaver says: "I can offer you a way out."
Catra says: "So, what?"
Catra says: "You're on the side of good now?"
Catra says: "You made me this way, and you get to be the good guy?"
Catra says: "Do you know what happened to me after you escaped?"
Catra says: "Do you even care?"
Catra says: "You couldn't wait for to get away from here, from me."
Catra says: "But you came back for Adora."
Shadow Weaver says: "I came back to stop Hordak."
Shadow Weaver says: "I will make sure he's destroyed."
Shadow Weaver says: "Don't make me destroy you too."
Catra says: "Oh, I'm going to make sure we win."
Catra says: "We're going to open that portal, and then there will be nothing left of you or the Princesses."
Bow says: "Stop it."
Bow says: "You're taking too much."
Horned Goon Girl says: "No."
Horned Goon Girl says: "You can't fight them, they're too strong."
Scene switches to Entrapta's workshop.
Scorpia says: "Ah, boy, I really appreciate you letting me assist you."
Scorpia says: "I miss hanging out."
Scorpia says: "Yeah, you've been so busy with Hordak lately and Catra – I mean, she's got her new friends."
Entrapta's computer beeps.
Entrapta says: "Oh, this is not good."
Scorpia says: "Oh, you want me to go, too?"
Scorpia says: "I understand."
Scorpia says: "I'm probably in your way."
Entrapta says: "No, no that."
Entrapta says: "I've been running diagnostics on the portal."
Entrapta says: "Watch."
Scorpia says: "You are right."
Scorpia says: "That is not good."
Scorpia says: "Is that gonna happen?"
Scorpia says: "I mean, to the actual planet?"
Entrapta says: "This is just an illustration."
Entrapta says: "What will actually happen will be much worse."
Entrapta says: "If my numbers are right, and they are, if we open a portal, the anomalies will be catastrophic."
Entrapta says: "It'll unhinge time and space, creating a warped reality that will collapse in on itself, erasing us from existence."
Entrapta says: "I never thought I'd say this, but we can't go through with it."
Door clangs open.
Scorpia says: "Catra."
Catra says: "Why aren't you in Hordak's lab?"
Entrapta says: "Uh, mm..."
Catra says: "There's no time."
Catra says: "We need to fire up the portal machine."
Entrapta says: "We can't."
Entrapta says: "Opening a portal now will be disastrous."
Entrapta says: "It's going to collapse and take us all with it."
Entrapta says: "Adora was right."
Catra says: "Adora is right."
Catra says: "Adora gets everything she wants."
Catra says: "But not this time."
Catra says: "This time, I am going to win."
Catra says: "I don't care what it takes."
Catra says: "We are opening that portal now."
Entrapta says: "No!"
Entrapta says: "I won't!"
Entrapta says: "I need to tell Hordak."
Entrapta shouts.
Catra says: "Get her out of here."
Horned Goon Girl says: "What do you want me to do with her?"
Catra says: "I don't care."
Catra says: "Just get rid of her."
Catra says: "Put her on the transport to Beast Island."
Scorpia says: "B-Beast Island?"
Scorpia says: "You can't."
Catra says: "You want to be next?"
Scene switches to hallway.
Imp screeches.
Glimmer and Bow shout.
Bow says: "Glimmer, no."
Glimmer says: "There's no choice."
Glimmer says: "Do it."
Shadow Weaver's magic hums.
Hordak says: "Ohh, she did it."
Catra says: "The Princesses are here."
Catra says: "There's no time to waste, we need to open the portal."
Hordak says: "Where's Entrapta?"
Hordak says: "I need her."
Catra says: "Who do you think let the Princesses in?"
Hordak says: "But she..."
Hordak says: "she wouldn't."
Catra says: "Did you really think she was on our side?"
Hordak shouts.
Catra says: "Oh, you can't trust anyone, especially a Princess."
Catra says: "They'll just use you to get what they want."
Catra says: "Open the portal and let's end this."
Bow says: "This way."
Adora says: "Bow!"
Catra says: "Forget about them."
Catra says: "Pull the switch."
Magic crackles arrows fire, Hordak shouts, building partially collapses.
Adora says: "Catra, please, don't."
Catra throws the switch.
Adora says: "No!"
The portal machine hums, buzzes.
Credits Roll.