Mara's ship cuts through space.
Adora says: "Okay, She-Ra, I know you're in there."
Adora closes her eyes.
Bow says: "Oh, you almost had it."
Adora says: "{gasps} Will you stop distracting me?!"
Adora says: "!"
Bow says: "Sorry, but there definitely was some glow-y action going on there."
Glimmer says: "Come on, Adora."
Glimmer says: "You can't let distractions keep you from transforming."
Catra says: "What's going on?"
Catra says: "Ooh!"
Catra says: "Are we messing with Adora?"
Adora says: "Catra, do you have to sit right there?"
Catra says: "What?"
Catra says: "I'm not doing anything."
Glimmer says: "Adora, concentrate!"
Catra says: "Yeah, Adora, concentrate."
Bow says: "You can do it."
Catra sits in Adora's lap. Adora closes her eyes and reaches out her arm.
Adora's eyes glow blue and golden light radiates from her hand.
Entrapta says: "This way!"
Entrapta says: "Oh, hi, Adora."
Entrapta says: "Don't mind us."
Adora says: "Entrapta, do you have to do that in here?"
Entrapta says: "Yes."
Entrapta says: "This is where the signal is strongest."
Entrapta says: "We're less than a day out from Etheria."
Entrapta says: "We'll be in range to send a message to the Rebellion soon."
Glimmer says: "I, I can't believe..."
Glimmer says: "I'm a day away from meeting my dad."
Glimmer says: "It's been so long."
Glimmer says: "I barely remember him."
Bow puts a hand on Glimmer's shoulder. Catra hops off Adora's lap and looks out the window.
Adora says: "Ready to be home?"
Catra says: "Not really."
Catra says: "Okay, fine."
Catra says: "Maybe."
Bow says: "What do you think's going on right now on Etheria?"
Horde ships surround the planet.  Mermista dawns a fedora; Perfuma puts on red lipstick and Sea Hawk adjusts his cuffs. Scorpia wears a gown.
Sea Hawk says: "Our friends have still not returned from their perilous space mission."
Sea Hawk says: "So, it's up to us to save Etheria."
Sea Hawk says: "Onward, to a secret, underwater party adventure!"
Theme Song.
Scorpia says: "{chuckles} Okay, so, it's not that I didn't understand the plan, but I didn't understand the plan."
Scorpia says: "Why are we dressed like this?"
Sea Hawk says: "Because it's a secret undercover mission to find Prince Peekablue."
Sea Hawk says: "The reclusive Peekablue is a hermit."
Sea Hawk says: "But he was spotted at the top-secret Enchanted Grotto's underwater soiree."
Sea Hawk says: "A gathering place for all well-heeled criminals of Etheria."
Perfuma says: "Hmph!"
Perfuma says: "So, he'll show up to a criminal enterprise, but won't so much as RSVP to my drum circle so I know how many drums to have?"
Scorpia says: "All right, yeah, I got it."
Scorpia says: "And, uh, why do we need him?"
Mermista says: "Because Peekablue has the power of Farsight."
Mermista says: "He can magically see to the edges of the universe and if we recruit him, he can tell us where Adora and the others are."
Mermista says: "We have to warn them that Prime is chipping people on Etheria and get them back ASAP."
Mermista says: "No one at the soiree can know we're there."
Mermista says: "So, I've assigned everyone undercover aliases."
Mermista says: "Scorpia, you're Lynda D'Ream, a farmer and mother to five little scorpions."
Scorpia says: "{chuckles} "Lynda D'Ream"?"
Scorpia says: "I don't know if you've noticed, but I'm not exactly great at lying or pretending or blending in."
Scorpia says: "I mean, I'm just the muscle."
Scorpia says: "Not a spy."
Mermista says: "Nonsense, Lynda."
Mermista says: "You were born for this role."
Mermista says: "Perfuma, you're Tara, a blacksmith."
Perfuma says: "Ooh!"
Perfuma says: "I love it."
Perfuma says: "What if Tara has an unmatched skill at cards and wears an eye patch and has a dark, checked past and an evil twin?"
Perfuma says: "Ooh!"
Perfuma says: "I can play the evil twin."
Mermista says: "Keep it simple, Tara."
Mermista says: "Okay, the sooner we find the prince, the sooner we figure out where our friends are."
Spinnerella overhears. Swift Wind and Netossa are in the camp. Netossa studies a tracker pad and Spinnerella approaches.
Spinnerella says: "There you are."
Netossa says: "Hey, you."
Spinnerella says: "Any chance I could steal you away for a moment?"
Netossa says: "{sighs} Not now, darling."
Netossa says: "After what happened at Elberon, we need to focus on the next move for the Rebellion."
Spinnerella says: "Please?"
Spinnerella says: "It'd only take a second."
Netossa says: "I don't have the time."
Spinnerella says: "Oh, yeah, sure."
Spinnerella says: "I understand."
Spinnerella hurries off. Netossa glances back.
Netossa says: "Is it me, or is she..."
Netossa says: "."
Netossa says: "mad at me?"
Swift Wind says: "I don't know."
Swift Wind says: "It honestly doesn't seem like she's feeling much of anything."
Netossa says: "{gasps} It's our anniversary!"
Netossa says: "And I completely forgot."
Netossa says: "Oh, I gotta fix this, Swifty."
At a bar, a grumpy looking alien lizard guards the door. Sea Hawk and the ladies arrive. Sea Hawk steps closer.
Sea Hawk says: "The dolphins roll in the tide at dawn."
Sea Hawk says: "Secret, underwater party adventure!"
Sea Hawk enters and Mermista, Perfuma, and Scorpia follow.
Mermista says: "Why are we in a broom closet?"
Scorpia says: "Yeah, where's the soiree?"
Sea Hawk says: "Oh, this isn't the soiree."
He pulls a lever and they descend on an elevator.
Sea Hawk says: "This is the soiree."
He leads them into an elegant party. One guest holds a gleaming sword.
Mermista says: "This place is swimming with bounty hunters, pirates and sirens who would sell us out in a beat of their cold-blooded hearts."
Mermista says: "We need to blend in, and find the prince quickly and quietly."
Mermista says: "Do not ruin this for me."
Sea Hawk says: "{chuckles} You don't have to tell me twice."
Sea Hawk says: "These are my people."
Mermista says: "Ugh!"
Mermista says: "What is it?"
Sea Hawk says: "Oh, no, nothing, nothing, nothing."
Sea Hawk says: "I just didn't know, uh, he'd be here."
A man with an eye patch sits at a table.
Mermista says: "I thought these were your "people."
Sea Hawk says: "They are my people."
Sea Hawk says: "Which means that most of them have sworn revenge against me at some point."
The man sips his drink and scowls.
Sea Hawk says: "Quick!"
Sea Hawk says: "Let's, uh, go mingle."
Sea Hawk says: "{stammers} Over there."
Perfuma says: "Okay, it's game time."
Perfuma says: "Tara's gonna go chat up those fellas."
Perfuma says: "You go mingle with those ruffians there."
Perfuma says: "Good luck, Lynda D'Ream."
Scorpia says: "Oh, gosh."
Perfuma says: "What a lovely shindig, huh?"
Perfuma says: "{chuckles} My word, that sword is very pointy."
Sea Hawk says: "I really hope this doesn't get in the way of rekindling..."
Sea Hawk says: "I..."
Sea Hawk says: "."
Sea Hawk says: "{stammers} Wrong word."
Sea Hawk says: "Uh, relighting our friendship."
Sea Hawk says: "Nope, that's--that's bad, too."
Sea Hawk says: "Look, I'm sorry I set your boat on fire."
Sea Hawk says: "Do you forgive me?"
Sea Hawk says: "Excellent, I'll take that as a "yes."
Mermista says: "Sea Hawk, focus."
Mermista says: "This cannot be like the time you ruined the Cephalopods Literary Society."
Sea Hawk says: "Aw, don't worry."
Sea Hawk says: "Now that he can't blow my cover, it's smooth sailing from here."
An alien looms.
Mermista douses him with water and he falls; Scorpia joins in with a group of aliens}.
Scorpia says: "Yeah."
Scorpia says: "Totally."
Scorpia says: "{sighs} So, underwater, huh?"
Scorpia says: "Things?"
Scorpia says: "Yeah, yeah, yeah..."
Scorpia says: "Peekablue?"
Scorpia says: "Anybody?"
Scorpia says: "No?"
Scorpia says: "Nobody?"
Scorpia says: "Okay."
Scorpia says: "Well, uh..."
Scorpia says: "never mind."
Scorpia says: "Well, good night."
Perfuma says: "And that's when I told him, I don't even know how to swim."
Guests move away from Scorpia and Perfuma eyes her worriedly; Falcon and the Alien are tied up.
Mermista says: "Please tell me that's the last of your disgruntled former cohorts."
Sea Hawk says: "{chuckles nervously} Uh, perhaps we should just stay back here?"
Three menacing guests wait.
Mermista attacks them and Sea Hawk ducks behind the bar.
Perfuma says: "How did it go?"
Perfuma says: "Did you find out anything?"
Scorpia says: "Yeah."
Scorpia says: "I found out I'm really bad at this."
Perfuma says: "Don't say that."
Perfuma says: "That--that's just the old you talking, consumed with all the self-doubt the Horde instilled in you."
Scorpia says: "I'm just--I'm not really the leading-lady type."
Perfuma says: "That's nonsense."
Perfuma says: "You're amazing."
Perfuma says: "You have the biggest heart and you could do whatever you put your mind to."
Scorpia says: "Really?"
Perfuma says: "Okay."
Perfuma says: "What do you, Scorpia, like to do?"
Scorpia says: "Well, I always liked singing."
Scorpia says: "But I'm bad."
Scorpia says: "Everyone said so."
Scorpia says: "Well, Catra said so, it's fine."
Perfuma says: "Scorpia, you should do things not because you're good at them but because they make you happy."
Perfuma says: "Follow me, okay?"
Perfuma says: "Repeat after me: I can do this."
Perfuma says: "I can do this."
Scorpia says: "Perfuma can do this."
Perfuma says: "No, no, no."
Perfuma says: "You can do this."
Perfuma says: "Heh."
Perfuma says: "Say "I."
Scorpia says: "I--I can do this?"
Scorpia says: "I can do this."
Scorpia says: "I can do this."
Scorpia says: "I can find Prince Peekablue!"
Perfuma says: "Yes!"
Perfuma says: "That's the spirit."
Perfuma says: "We'll find him, even if he's hidden in the darkest, most secluded corner of Etheria."
Peekablue says: "Good evening, misfits of the sea, outlaws of the land and everyone in between."
Peekablue says: "I'm your host, Prince Peekablue!"
Crowd says: "Peekablue!"
Crowd says: "Prince!"
Scorpia says: "Wow, I guess I don't know what a hermit is after all."
Peekablue says: "We've got a great evening of entertainment for you."
Peekablue says: "Singers, dancers, and if your lucky, a little bit of Farsight for you."
Perfuma says: "This is our chance."
Perfuma says: "I'm gonna go get Mermista and Sea Hawk."
Perfuma says: "Don't take your eyes off Peekablue."
Peekablue says: "Next up, we got Swen on the piano."
Peekablue says: "Give it up for Swen."
The pianist waves and begins to play.
Scorpia peeks backstage.
Netossa says: "How could I forget?"
Netossa says: "Spinny probably has a great surprise planned and I'm going to have to plan something even better to beat her."
Netossa spots Spinnerella and smiles, then hides as another woman approaches Spinnerella and whispers in her ear. Netossa watches from behind a rock. When Spinnerella turns, her eyes glow.
Spinnerella looks around, then walks away.
In the bar, five bounty hunters are tied up with ropes.
Mermista says: "{groans} Okay, anyone else?"
Sea Hawk says: "That's all of them."
Sea Hawk says: "{clears throat} Now, at last, we're ready for secret, undercover and underwater party adventure!"
Sea Hawk says: "Mermista?"
Sea Hawk says: "What is it?"
Mermista says: "Huh?"
Mermista says: "Uh, nothing."
Mermista says: "Uh, nothing at all."
Sea Hawk says: "Then why are you hiding behind the bar?"
Mermista says: "{groans} Fine."
Mermista says: "There might be someone here that I absolutely cannot deal with right now."
Sea Hawk says: "What?"
Sea Hawk says: "Who?"
Mermista says: "Someone whose boat I maybe, sort of, kind of set on fire."
Sea Hawk says: "What?!"
Sea Hawk says: "!"
Mermista says: "Shh!"
Mermista says: "I just wanted to know what it felt like."
Sea Hawk says: "{muffled} You are everything I've ever wanted."
Mermista says: "Stop looking at me like that."
Other musicians join the piano player. Scorpia creeps onstage.
Scorpia says: "Psst!"
Scorpia says: "Hey, is that you, Peekablue?"
A spotlight shines on Scorpia.
Scorpia says: "{gasps} Oh..."
Scorpia says: "Hi..."
Scorpia says: "uh..."
Scorpia says: "I'm Sco--Lynda."
Scorpia says: "D'Ream?"
Scorpia says: "Hello."
Mermista says: "Oh, I can't watch."
Scorpia says: "{chuckles} Trying to get backstage--performer--I'm a performer."
A microphone appears.
Perfuma says: "Yay!"
Perfuma says: "Go, Lynda!"
Scorpia says: "I can do this."
Scorpia says: "I can do this."
Sneak.
Just look around.
But now my nerves are gone.
Cause I know I can do it.
Sing, dance, be a spy.
Hiding before your very eyes.
How could I sneak with this fine physique?
Discover the truth.
It doesn't take a sleuth.
For now I'm a spy spying in disguise.
Hiding before your very eyes.
Seeking a clue that will lead me to you.
Yes, I'm a spy.
Spying in disguise.
Hiding before your very eyes.
Sneak.
Don't make a sound.
Sneak.
Just look around.
I'm a spy.
I'm a spy.
I'm a spy.
I'm a spy.
Sea Hawk says: "Oh, yes!"
Sea Hawk says: "Those pipes."
Sea Hawk says: "Bravo!"
Scorpia says: "Oh."
Scorpia says: "{chuckles} Thank you."
Scorpia says: "Thank you."
Scorpia says: "{sighs} I did it."
The pianist darts backstage.
Scorpia says: "Swen?"
Scorpia says: "{gasps} It's you!"
Scorpia says: "Oh, wow, Prince Peekablue, I have been looking all over for you."
Peekablue says: "That was quite a number, honey."
Peekablue says: "But I really don't have time to chitchat."
Scorpia says: "Okay, yeah, but see, we need your powers to fight Horde Prime see where our friends are."
Peekablue says: "Friends?"
Peekablue says: "Do you mean Glimmer and Adora?"
Scorpia says: "Wow, you're amazing."
Scorpia says: "Come on, do it again."
Scorpia says: "Can you see them right now?"
Peekablue says: "I can see..."
Peekablue says: "a bright, shiny woman among the stars with her great big sword, fighting against Horde Prime!"
Peekablue says: "She-Ra, in space!"
Scorpia says: "{gasps} Wait, fighting with her sword?"
Scorpia says: "But Adora broke the sword."
Peekablue says: "{stammers} Farsight never lies, darling."
Peekablue says: "{clears throat} Now I must insist you leave."
Peekablue says: "I need to get into character for my next performance."
Scorpia says: ""Character"?"
Scorpia says: "Hmm."
Scorpia says: "Strangest thing, but I think we've met before."
Peekablue's eyes widen and he has his back to Scorpia. She narrows her eyes and stares at him.
Scorpia says: "Oh, Perfuma's flower crown workshop."
Peekablue says: "Yes!"
Peekablue says: "Perfuma."
Peekablue says: "She's a doll, isn't she?"
Peekablue says: "Never miss a shindig with her."
Scorpia says: "The real Peekablue has never met Perfuma."
Scorpia says: "Who are you?"
Peekablue darts off, and Scorpia whacks him with her tail.
He falls. The Prince morphs to Swen, then Catra, and Flutterina. Scorpia's mouth hangs open. They morph into Bow, then Adora, and finally, Double Trouble.
Scorpia says: "Double Trouble?"
Later, Double Trouble is tied up.
Double Trouble says: "{gasps} {sighs} Bravo."
Double Trouble says: "You caught me."
Double Trouble says: "Again."
Perfuma says: "What are you doing here?"
Perfuma says: "Where's the real Peekablue?"
Double Trouble says: "Wouldn't know."
Double Trouble says: "After things ended with my cash-kitten, I needed another gig."
Double Trouble says: "I had heard all about the elusive Peekablue."
Double Trouble says: "A seer who no one has seen in years?"
Double Trouble says: "How could I resist?"
Scorpia says: "So, thing whole mission has been a big waste of time."
Double Trouble says: "I might not have the prince's gifts, but I know where your friends are."
Double Trouble says: "And I'll tell you."
Double Trouble says: "For a price, of course."
Perfuma makes a fist.
Double Trouble says: "Fine."
Double Trouble says: "While I was wandering through occupied territories, I posed as a clone, trying to get in good with Big Brother."
Double Trouble says: "Turns out, it wasn't for me."
Double Trouble says: "It makes for a very dull audience when everyone's mind-controlled."
Double Trouble says: "Half the crowd out there is chipped."
Perfuma says: "What?"
Double Trouble says: "That's not all."
Double Trouble says: "Prime is angry."
Double Trouble says: "She-Ra showed up and stole his little kitten away."
Double Trouble says: "Your friends are on their way home, but Prime set up a blockade around the planet, ready to strike down anyone daring to pass."
Double Trouble says: "They'll never make it."
Mermista appears.
In the forest, Netossa follows Spinnerella, then embraces her from behind.
Netossa says: "Hey, you."
Netossa says: "I'm so sorry about today."
Netossa says: "I forgot all about it."
Spinnerella says: "Don't worry."
Spinnerella says: "All is forgiven."
Netossa says: "You promise you're not mad?"
Spinnerella says: "I could never be mad at you, beloved."
Netossa says: ""Beloved"?"
Netossa says: "You've never called me that before."
Netossa says: "Show me your neck!"
Spinnerella's eyes glow.
Spinnerella says: "What a shame we can't be together."
Spinnerella says: "In Horde Prime's light."
Netossa backs up.
Other Etherians with glowing eyes surround her.
Netossa says: "What have you done?"
Double Trouble says: "Are we done here?"
The glass cracks and water gushes in. Mermista has a chip on the back of her neck.
Perfuma says: "Mermista?"
Perfuma says: "What are you doing?"
Mermista says: "Step out of the darkness and into the light of Prime."
Sea Hawk says: "Mermista."
Sea Hawk says: "Mermista, no!"
Mermista sends a wave of water and Perfuma blocks it with vines.
Scorpia fires a blast and knocks Mermista back into a wall. Electricity crackles.
Double Trouble says: "We are in a delicate underwater bubble."
Double Trouble says: "So, can you please stop hitting one another?"
Perfuma says: "We need to get out of here."
Scorpia picks up Double Trouble and they flee. The party guests surround them with glowing green eyes.}.
Scorpia says: "There's no way out."
Double Trouble says: "I know a way out."
Double Trouble says: "Take me to the stage!"
Double Trouble says: "I mean it."
Double Trouble says: "Take me to the stage."
In the forest, Netossa has barricaded herself behind a white forcefield. Spinnerella thrusts her fists forward, trying to break through with a whirlwind.
The forcefield falls and Netossa falls to the ground. Spinnerella stands over her with glowing eyes.
Swift Wind falters on the ground nearby, and Frosta falls at his feet, as Micah strives towards them, surrounded by golden light. His eyes glow green. He casts a spell and Netossa blocks it with webbing, protecting Frosta and the horse. Spinnerella joins Micah.
In the bar, Scorpia puts Double Trouble down and battles their attackers.
Double Trouble says: "The theater has..."
Double Trouble says: "um, a little help?"
Double Trouble says: "I need to lift my hand to the heavens."
Double Trouble says: "The theater has many secrets."
Double Troubles pulls a rope and an elevator drops from the chandelier.
Scorpia says: "I'll hold them off."
Scorpia says: "Get on that platform and get out of here."
Sea Hawk says: "That's your cue, hot stuff."
Sea Hawk says: "Let's go!"
Mermista appears behind Scorpia, riding on a wave of water.
Scorpia battles back.
Scorpia says: "Perfuma, go!"
Scorpia holds off the attackers with electrical pulses from her claws. More water flood in.
Perfuma says: "Scorpia, come on!"
Scorpia says: "There's too many of them."
Scorpia says: "And this place is coming down unless someone stops it."
Scorpia says: "You have to get out and protect the others."
The clones wage towards her.
Scorpia says: "Go."
Scorpia says: "Now!"
Perfuma says: "What?"
Perfuma says: "No!"
Perfuma says: "You're coming, too!"
Scorpia says: "Nah."
Scorpia says: "This is why I'm here."
Scorpia says: "I'm the muscle, remember?"
Scorpia says: "I can do this."
Scorpia severs Perfuma's vines and the elevator door closes. She looks up as her friends escape.
Perfuma watches from the elevator, as the attackers close in around Scorpia.
In the forest, Micah and Spinnerella spew flames and Netossa's net force field and Netossa struggles to protect Frosta and Swift Wind. She looks at Spinnerella and Spinnerella's eyes glow.
Netossa says: "{grunting} I'm sorry!"
Netossa casts over their attackers.
Netossa says: "Run, quick!"
Frosta and Netossa hop on Swift Wind and fly into the night sky. Netossa glances back at Spinnerella.
Netossa says: "Happy anniversary."
On Mara's ship, Entrapta pulls a wire and a tracker pad blinks.
Entrapta says: "Ha!"
Entrapta says: "A signal."
Entrapta says: "We're in range."
Entrapta says: "Patching us through to the Rebellion's communication line."
Perfuma says: "Adora?"
Adora says: "Perfuma."
Adora says: "What's going on?"
Perfuma says: "I..."
Perfuma says: "I..."
Adora says: "We're on our way back."
Adora says: "Just hang on a little longer."
Adora says: "We're almost there."
Perfuma says: "No!"
Perfuma says: "Don't come back."
Perfuma says: "Horde Prime knows you're coming."
Perfuma says: "There's a trap, a blockade."
Perfuma says: "You'll never make it through."
Perfuma says: "You need to stay away."
Perfuma says: "The Rebellion's been compromised."
Perfuma says: "Horde Prime has them."
Perfuma says: "We lost."
Perfuma says: "I'm so sorry, we lost them."
The screen goes black and they stare at the tracker pad. Mara's ship hovers in space.
Credits Roll.