Fright Zone, Scorpia's room.
Scorpia can be heard snoring; a light buzzes; Scorpia yawns slightly, then awakens, her blanket rustling as she throws it off.
Scorpia says: "Feed Emily, although I'm still not sure that you eat..."
Scorpia says: ": check."
Emily beeps and whirs as she powers on; she rolls to get upright, bumping into Scorpia's dresser.
Scorpia says: "Whoa, hey!"
Scorpia says: "Careful there."
Scorpia says: "Cool, right?"
Scorpia says: "Catra gave it to me in the Crimson Waste."
Scorpia says: "She's got a matching one, it's like, our thing, you know?"
Emily stamps one leg, and beeps and whirs at Scorpia.
Scorpia says: "I know, I know, she said we're not friends anymore..."
Scorpia says: "but she didn't mean it."
Scorpia says: "And maybe I misheard her, there was a lot going on."
Scorpia says: "There was a cannon."
Scorpia says: "check."
Scorpia walks down a hallway to a hangar.
Scorpia says: "And I am going to be the best friend that I CAN BE!"
[Scorpia half-laughs confidently as a door opens to get to a hangar where a bunch of Horde soldiers run around yelling in a panic says: ""Come on!"
as things are knocked over says: ""Come on!"
people fall says: ""Come on!"
run into each other; some things that they yell at each other that can be heard are says: ""Come on!"
[Scorpia half-laughs confidently as a door opens to get to a hangar where a bunch of Horde soldiers run around yelling in a panic says: "Let's go!"
as things are knocked over says: "Let's go!"
people fall says: "Let's go!"
run into each other; some things that they yell at each other that can be heard are says: "Let's go!"
[Scorpia half-laughs confidently as a door opens to get to a hangar where a bunch of Horde soldiers run around yelling in a panic says: "Move!"
as things are knocked over says: "Move!"
people fall says: "Move!"
run into each other; some things that they yell at each other that can be heard are says: "Move!"
[Scorpia half-laughs confidently as a door opens to get to a hangar where a bunch of Horde soldiers run around yelling in a panic says: "What are you doing?!"
as things are knocked over says: "What are you doing?!"
people fall says: "What are you doing?!"
run into each other; some things that they yell at each other that can be heard are says: "What are you doing?!"
[Scorpia half-laughs confidently as a door opens to get to a hangar where a bunch of Horde soldiers run around yelling in a panic says: "!"
as things are knocked over says: "!"
people fall says: "!"
run into each other; some things that they yell at each other that can be heard are says: "!"
[Scorpia half-laughs confidently as a door opens to get to a hangar where a bunch of Horde soldiers run around yelling in a panic says: "" "Darryl!"
as things are knocked over says: "" "Darryl!"
people fall says: "" "Darryl!"
run into each other; some things that they yell at each other that can be heard are says: "" "Darryl!"
[Scorpia half-laughs confidently as a door opens to get to a hangar where a bunch of Horde soldiers run around yelling in a panic says: "Seriously?!"
as things are knocked over says: "Seriously?!"
people fall says: "Seriously?!"
run into each other; some things that they yell at each other that can be heard are says: "Seriously?!"
[Scorpia half-laughs confidently as a door opens to get to a hangar where a bunch of Horde soldiers run around yelling in a panic says: "!"
as things are knocked over says: "!"
people fall says: "!"
run into each other; some things that they yell at each other that can be heard are says: "!"
[Scorpia half-laughs confidently as a door opens to get to a hangar where a bunch of Horde soldiers run around yelling in a panic says: "" "Watch out!"
as things are knocked over says: "" "Watch out!"
people fall says: "" "Watch out!"
run into each other; some things that they yell at each other that can be heard are says: "" "Watch out!"
Opening theme.
Horde outpost, just beside a canyon.
Wind howls through the canyon; a Horde soldier is flung over the side of a cliff, screaming; Glimmer teleports them back to land, and they thud with a grunt.
Glimmer says: "You dropped one!"
She-Ra says: "My bad!"
Glimmer teleports the soldier back and drops them unceremoniously; soldier's boots thud as they surround Glimmer, and she charges her fists; an arrow comes in and nets a soldier before Glimmer can do anything.
Bow says: "Watch your step!"
Glimmer groans, then gasps when she notices a soldier in the distance, who is confusedly grunting while looking at their person.
Flutterina says: "Looking for this?"
The soldier shouts and runs at Flutterina, but they grunt as Glimmer teleports in front of them and stops them.
Glimmer says: "This one's mine."
Glimmer teleports them to a secluded area and charges her fists; the soldier grunts in fear and attempts to back up, almost stumbling as rocks crumble into the canyon just behind them; they "uh" hesitantly.
Glimmer says: "Looks like it's your lucky day."
Glimmer says: "I've got this rune I've really wanted to try out."
The soldier groans nervously and Glimmer throws the rune; it fizzles just as it reaches the soldier, who confusedly says "Huh?"; the soldier shouts and jumps at Glimmer, who shouts in response, charging her fists; She-Ra's rope snags around the soldier and pulls them back.
Glimmer says: "I had that one!"
She-Ra says: "obviously doesn't seem to be doing the job..."
Glimmer says: "It's not dark magic."
Glimmer says: "And it would have been really cool if it had worked!"
Bow says: "The Best Friend Squad back together again!"
Flutterina says: "Best first Rebellion mission ever!"
Flutterina says: "Thank you so much for letting me come."
The soldiers caught nearby in nets groan and struggle a bit.
Glimmer says: "This can't be all of them."
Glimmer says: "Where's the rest?"
Glimmer says: "There aren't even any bots."
Flutterina says: "I didn't see any others."
Flutterina says: "They probably ran away scared."
Flutterina says: "Wasn't She-Ra amazing in that battle?"
Flutterina says: "You are so lucky she saved you before that Horde soldier reached you."
Glimmer says: "I was..."
Glimmer says: "doing..."
Glimmer says: "a thing."
Flutterina says: "Oh, right."
Flutterina says: "I mean, your little magic trick would've been really cool if it had worked!"
Flutterina says: "Anyway, your real strength is in teamwork!"
Glimmer says: "She wasn't giving me orders."
Glimmer says: "We're a team!"
Flutterina says: "The greatest team!"
Flutterina says: "That's why she can talk to you like that, all,  What a bond..."
Glimmer groans and walks off.
Flutterina says: "Hey, guys!"
Flutterina says: "Wait for me!"
The Fright Zone, Hordak's Sanctum.
Hordak stomps toward Catra, growling; monitors around her beep.
Hordak says: "The Rebellion is dismantling our northern perimeter."
Hordak says: "Why are our outposts unprepared for an attack?"
Catra says: "Because they're skeleton crews."
Catra says: "I've called back the main defenses."
Hordak says: "What?"
Hordak says: "Why?"
Catra says: "It's almost time."
Hordak says: "I need more time to complete the weapon."
Catra says: "We've put everything into this plan."
Catra says: "We don't have more time."
Hordak says: "They must hold the key to making this work..."
Catra says: "Entrapta is a traitor."
Hordak says: "I need."
Hordak says: "Those."
Hordak says: "Recordings."
Fright Zone, hallway.
Scorpia walks along, tea in claw; Emily mechanically whirs as she trots behind her, her legs creating metallic thuds on the floor; Scorpia whips around a few times to see, but Emily evades her; Scorpia hums and shrugs, then chuckles; finally Scorpia catches her, laughing.
Scorpia says: "Come on, no guilt trip, it's for your own good."
Scorpia says: "We can't let Catra see you, and right now?"
Scorpia says: "I'm bringing her a cup of my famous soothing tea."
Scorpia says: "..."
Scorpia says: "Old family recipe."
Scorpia says: "If anyone could use a pick-me-up, it's Catra."
Emily whirs and beeps disheartened, beginning to walk away; she turns around halfway.
Scorpia says: "Go on."
Emily walks a little faster away; a bit further, she turns again.
Scorpia says: "Can't say no to that cute little face."
Catra says: "Who are you talking to?"
Scorpia says: "Catra!"
Scorpia says: "Oh!"
Scorpia says: "..."
Scorpia says: "Oh, are--are you okay?"
Scorpia says: "You don't look so good, I--have you been getting enough sleep?"
Scorpia says: "..."
Scorpia says: "Here."
Catra says: "I didn't ask for your opinion."
Catra says: "I have a job for you."
Catra says: "I need you to find Entrapta's recordings, you know, that thingy she was always babbling into."
Scorpia says: "You want..."
Scorpia says: "Entrapta's recordings?"
Catra says: "It means..."
Catra says: "that Hordak needs them."
Catra says: "Find me those recordings so I can finish this."
Scorpia says: "Yes!"
Scorpia says: "Yes, I'll find them."
Scorpia says: "I-I promise."
Scorpia says: "D-Did you want any of the..."
Scorpia says: "tea?"
Scorpia says: "..."
The Fright Zone, an outside loading bay.
Horde soldiers mill around working, a dull roar of machinery can be heard; Emily's legs thud with a metallic clang she walks, Scorpia following.
Scorpia says: "See, Emily?"
Scorpia says: "What did I tell you?"
Scorpia says: "Catra just needed a loyal friend."
Scorpia says: "I'll find those recordings, she'll do her mission, and then she can relax, and things will go back to normal."
Emily stops and turns to her, beeping.
Metal rumbles as Rogelio strains to lift a container; he squeals as Scorpia picks it up.
Scorpia says: "Hey, guys!"
Scorpia says: "Can't stay long."
Lonnie says: "Good luck with that."
Lonnie says: "I'm sure Catra will be super grateful."
Scorpia says: "..."
Scorpia says: "You know..."
Scorpia says: "e-eventually..."
Lonnie says: "..."
Lonnie says: "and Catra's letting it happen."
Lonnie says: "She doesn't care about any of us."
Scorpia says: "No."
Scorpia says: "No, you're wrong."
Scorpia says: "Catra's been..."
Scorpia says: "under a lot of pressure..."
Scorpia says: "and maybe she just..."
Lonnie says: "We've got real work to do."
Scorpia says: "Just a..."
Scorpia says: "well-oiled machine..."
A different Horde outpost.
Bow says: "I don't see any defensive bots here, either."
Bow says: "Honestly, it doesn't look like there's anyone on watch."
She-Ra says: "But we don't know what they've got inside the outpost, so let's go in nice and slow."
She-Ra says: "Glimmer!"
Glimmer teleports onto part of the outpost between two guards, who gasp and charge at her with stun batons, shouting; she teleports away and they grunt as they stun each other, electricity sparking; they grunt as they fall, and Glimmer teleports to the ground, where a soldier charges her, screaming; Glimmer charges her fists.
She-Ra says: "You're too valuable."
Glimmer says: "orders."
Glimmer says: "done!"
Glimmer says: "What good is magic if I can't use it!"
Flutterina says: "Double Trouble, sometimes you're too good..."
She-Ra says: "--you have us for!"
She-Ra says: "looking out for you!"
Bow says: "Hey!"
Bow says: "What's going on with you two?"
She-Ra says: "Nothing!"
Glimmer says: "Nothing!"
Bow says: "you need to say to Glimmer?"
She-Ra says: "No!"
She-Ra says: "I don't know!"
She-Ra says: "What, it's fine!"
Bow says: "Come on, you can do it!"
Bow says: "Communication is the key to a good friendship!"
She-Ra says: "..."
She-Ra says: "it's too dangerous."
Glimmer says: "You really think I'm naive enough to trust her?"
Bow says: "Glimmer."
Bow says: "Would you like to try phrasing that a little more constructively?"
Glimmer says: "can't you at least trust me?"
She-Ra grunts as another soldier rushes her, straining with a zapping baton; she knocks them away and they scream.
She-Ra says: "Of course I trust you, Glimmer."
Bow says: "That's how the Best Friend Squad does it!"
Flutterina says: "Ugh, I have to do everything around here."
Flutterina spots soldiers nearby, then appears behind them after they shout, attempting to run away; they gasp in fear.
Flutterina says: "SHE-RA, HELP!"
Glimmer says: "Flutterina!"
Flutterina says: "HEEEELP!"
Fright Zone, Entrapta's old lab.
Scorpia hums disapprovingly as she rummages through machine parts in a box, tossing items that clatter on the ground.
Scorpia says: "Anything yet?"
Emily pops out of another box and whirs and beeps, shaking its body negative; it dives back in.
Scorpia says: "Aah, I know we've looked everywhere, but it's gotta be here somewhere..."
Scorpia says: "The Black Garnet Chamber!"
The door to the Black Garnet Chamber slides open with a whir; Scorpia and Emily peek inside, Emily whirs and beeps.
Scorpia says: "You're not going to believe this, Emily, but I'm actually a princess."
Emily whirs, turning around, making surprised beeps.
Scorpia says: "I know, right?"
Scorpia says: "That's what they all say!"
Scorpia says: "It's not like the Black Garnet ever worked for me anyway..."
The whooshing and whispering come back as Scorpia reaches out toward the Garnet; it ceases when she pulls away.
Scorpia says: "Ah, it's for the best."
Scorpia says: "I mean, can you imagine?"
Scorpia says: "Me, a princess?"
Emily whirs and turns, suddenly projecting a recording of Entrapta; Scorpia gasps.
Recording Entrapta says: "Commencing experiment number 703."
Recording Entrapta says: "Ready, Emily?"
Scorpia says: "Entrapta?"
Recording Entrapta says: "Everyone, smile!"
Recording Catra says: "I told you to be ready to leave."
Recording Catra says: "Have you even started packing?"
Recording Entrapta says: "I'm a scientist."
Recording Entrapta says: "The only thing I'll need in the Northern Reach is my miiind!"
Recording Entrapta says: "..."
Recording Entrapta says: "Also my giant drill."
Recording Entrapta says: "..."
Recording Entrapta says: "Also..."
Recording Entrapta says: "everything in this room."
Recording Scorpia says: "Super Pal Trio field trip!"
Recording Scorpia says: "Ah, I can't wait!"
Recording Scorpia says: "We can watch the snow fall, drink hot cocoa..."
Recording Entrapta says: "Oh, can the hot cocoa's be tiny?"
Recording Catra says: "We're there to dig up First Ones tech, we're not making cocoa."
Recording Scorpia says: "Oh, that's my Wildcat, always on goal."
Recording Scorpia says: "..."
Recording Scorpia says: "What do you think is buried out there, anyway?"
Recording Entrapta says: "Ohhh, something biiig!"
Recording Catra says: "Who cares?"
Recording Catra says: "Pack your stuff and let's go already."
Recording Scorpia says: "I'll bring the cocoa if you bring the tiny mugs..."
Recording Scorpia says: "?"
Recording Scorpia says: "Yeah!"
Recording stops with a beep; the projection glitches away, Emily whirring.
Scorpia says: "They're deeply ingrained in your core processor and can't be accessed without dismantling you completely?!"
Scorpia says: "!"
Emily beeps in confirmation; Scorpia sits her down with a thud.
Scorpia says: "..."
Scorpia says: "I'm sure it'll be fine."
Scorpia says: "She wouldn't hurt you."
Scorpia says: "She wouldn't..."
Scorpia says: "even though the recordings are..."
Scorpia says: "inside you and..."
Scorpia says: "she's kind of said the words "scrap metal" and "Emily" together a lot."
Scorpia says: "..."
Scorpia says: "Come on, I know a great place to hide--I-I mean, think, not hide."
Scorpia says: "We're not hiding, we're..."
Scorpia says: "thinking."
Scorpia says: "That's it."
Scorpia walks off and Emily whirs and follows; the Garnet shings, making the whooshing noise slightly.
The Horde outpost.
Flutterina shouts, struggling in the soldier's hold.
She-Ra says: "Bow, can you take them out?"
Bow says: "I can't risk hitting Flutterina!"
Flutterina says: "Come on, work with me here!"
Soldier says: "Uh..."
Soldier says: "drop your weapons..."
Soldier says: "or the girl..."
Soldier says: "gets it?"
Flutterina says: "Ugh, it'll do."
She-Ra says: "Glimmer, no."
She-Ra says: "They could hurt Flutterina."
The soldiers are encompassed in a magical field, lifting them into the air shouting in fear; it dissipates and they crash to the ground screaming; Glimmer teleports one away, thudding when they hit the ground.
Glimmer says: "Why isn't anyone guarding these outposts?"
Glimmer says: "Where is everyone?"
Soldier says: "Ah, I don't know!"
Glimmer says: "It's a truth spell, if it works..."
Glimmer says: "but if it fails, it can be..."
Glimmer says: "extremely painful."
Soldier says: "I don't, I really don't!"
Glimmer says: "I think you do..."
Bow says: "Glimmer, stop!"
Glimmer says: "Bow, put him back with the others and let's go."
She-Ra says: "Glimmer, what are you doing?"
She-Ra says: "You took things way too far."
Glimmer says: "I wasn't going to actually hurt him."
She-Ra says: "The Kingdom of Snows' supply line is open."
She-Ra says: "We're done here."
Glimmer says: "Fine by me."
She-Ra walks off, Bow gasps and follows.
The Fright Zone, Scorpia's secret spot aka her family's throne room, Horror Hall.
Machinery whirs outside; Emily's footsteps whir as she and Scorpia walk into a building.
Scorpia says: "Welcome to Horror Hall!"
Scorpia says: "It was part of the royal Scorpion Family's kingdom, but nobody comes here anymore."
Scorpia says: "But this!"
Scorpia rushes over to the throne's wall with Emily following.
Scorpia says: "This guy..."
Scorpia says: "this is my granddad, the King."
Scorpia says: "He was the greatest."
Scorpia says: "I mean, that's what the Horde told me anyway, I don't remember him, I was too young."
Scorpia says: "My granddad must've known I'd be..."
Scorpia says: "happier..."
Scorpia says: "as a soldier."
Scorpia says: "And I made friends in the Horde..."
Scorpia says: "like you!"
Steps when she sees Emily staring at Horde graffiti over a mural.
Scorpia says: "Things didn't exactly work out for my kingdom, but..."
Scorpia says: "granddad stayed loyal to the end."
Scorpia says: "That's what scorpions do best!"
Scorpia says: "Brave, loyal..."
Scorpia says: "great hugs."
Emily whirs as she bumps Scorpia, and Scorpia hugs her.
Scorpia says: "I need to be there for Catra."
Scorpia says: "I'll just tell her about the recordings."
Scorpia says: "She is my friend, and she will not hurt you if I ask her not to."
Emily whirs, shaking its body negatively, then projects a recording of Catra stunning Entrapta.
Recording Catra says: "I don't care what it takes."
Recording Catra says: "We are opening that portal!"
Recording Catra says: "NOW!"
Recording Entrapta says: "No!"
Recording Entrapta says: "I won't!"
Recording Entrapta says: "I need to tell Hordak, he'll understand!"
Entrapta shouts as she is zapped by Catra, then thuds on the ground.
Recording Catra says: "Get her out of here!"
Recording Catra says: "I don't care--!"
Recording Catra says: "Put her on the transport to Beast Island!"
Scorpia says: "She--she was threatened."
Scorpia says: "She didn't mean it..."
Recording Scorpia says: "Beast Island?!"
Recording Scorpia says: "!"
Recording Scorpia says: "You can't!"
Recording Catra says: "You wanna be next?"
Scorpia gasps softly; Emily shuts off the projection.
Scorpia says: "Catra..."
Scorpia says: "betrayed her."
Scorpia says: "..."
Scorpia says: "She betrayed me."
Scorpia says: "And I just let her take Entrapta away..."
Scorpia says: "Catra doesn't..."
Scorpia says: "care."
Scorpia says: "She'll hurt people to get her way."
Scorpia says: "If she knew the recordings were inside of you..."
Emily whirs.
Scorpia says: "But I still have time."
Scorpia says: "I can still be a good friend."
The Fright Zone, a hallway.
Catra grunts and paces.
Catra says: "You better have something for me."
Scorpia says: "..."
Scorpia says: "Entrapta's recordings."
Scorpia says: "She stored them all in Emily."
Catra takes the piece of metal.
Scorpia says: "The chip got damaged when I extracted it, but..."
Scorpia says: "hopefully that won't matter?"
Scorpia says: "It was just so small, and you know..."
Scorpia says: "pincers."
Catra says: "You broke..."
Catra says: "the recordings?"
Catra says: "is get in my way!"
Catra says: "What did I expect, I mean, how could you possibly be this useless?!"
Catra says: "!"
Scorpia stands silently, looking away.
Catra says: "What?!"
Catra says: "!"
Scorpia says: "..."
Scorpia says: "You're a bad friend."
Scorpia walks away.
The Fright Zone, Hordak's Sanctum.
Catra looks at the metal piece, twitches her ear and smooths down her hair, she breathes out; the door opens.
Hordak says: "The recordings?"
The door whirs closed; Catra grips the piece tightly in her hand, hiding it behind her.
Catra says: "Entrapta must've taken them with her before leaving."
Catra says: "There's nothing."
Hordak growls and shouts, shoving metal scraps and pieces off the workbench, they clatter around.
Hordak says: "I gave you..."
Hordak says: "an order..."
Catra says: "You want to prove yourself?"
Catra says: "Prove your worth?"
Catra says: "Then do it."
Catra says: "You and I are going to conquer Etheria, and then..."
Catra says: "and then, they'll all see!"
Catra pants; Hordak lifts a piece of metal from the bench, under which another piece has a gem that shines.
Hordak says: "Yes."
Hordak says: "We will prevail."
Hordak says: "Give me another day, and I will be ready."
Catra says: "Does that mean..."
Catra says: "I can give the command?"
Hordak says: "It is time."
The Fright Zone, Horror Hall.
Scorpia walks in; rocks rumble behind her; Emily whirs and beeps, popping out and running to Scorpia; the bot clunks as Scorpia hugs it.
Scorpia says: "..."
Scorpia says: "There's nothing I can do for her..."
Scorpia says: "but maybe I can still help Entrapta."
Emily raises up and whirs.
Scorpia says: "We're getting out of here, Emily."
Scorpia says: "For good."
Scorpia and Emily walk out of the building.
Credits Roll.