Whispering Woods, outside of the Crystal Castle.
Catra climbs a nearby tree; Adora stands in front of the entrance, it lights up and whirs as it thuds open; Catra grunts as she leaps in before it can close; the hallway inside lights up and makes digital/first ones tech noises.
Adora says: "I carry the sword of She-Ra, and I've come here for help."
Adora says: "Is anyone there?"
Hologram says: "Greetings,  administrator."
Hologram says: "What is your query?"
Adora says: "Oh."
Adora says: "I need your help to heal my friend."
Adora says: "She's been cursed, and I-I don't know how to save her."
Adora says: "The legends say that She-Ra could heal people using this sword."
Adora says: "How do I do that?"
Hologram says: "What is your query?"
Adora says: "Not this again."
Adora says: "..."
Adora says: "For the honor of Grayskull!"
Adora transforms into She-Ra; light consumes the area, but there is no transformation sequence.
She-Ra says: "How about now?"
Hologram says: "Administrator detected."
Hologram says: "Welcome, She-Ra."
Opening theme.
New Scene.
She-Ra says: "One more time."
She-Ra says: "What can you tell me about this sword?"
Hologram says: "Subject: The Sword of Protection."
Hologram says: "Classification: portable Runestone keyed exclusively to Administrator: She-Ra, Princess of Power."
She-Ra says: "How can I use the sword to heal my friend?"
Hologram says: "Query not recognized."
She-Ra says: "The legends say the sword has healing powers."
She-Ra says: "Is that true?"
Hologram says: "One of the Sword of Protection's many intended functions is to heal and restore balance."
She-Ra says: "But how do I do that?"
Hologram says: "Query not recognized."
Hologram says: "One of the Sword of Protection's  many intended functions is to heal and restore balance."
Catra steps lightly around the outside corners of the room looking around, ghosting her hands over the crystal.
She-Ra says: "Okay."
She-Ra says: "Is there someone else I can talk to?"
Hologram says: "Query not recognized."
She-Ra says: "Okay."
She-Ra says: "Has visions from when she first found the sword]  Let me talk to Light Hope."
She-Ra says: "Light Hope."
She-Ra says: "That's her name isn't it?"
She-Ra says: "The woman I saw when I touched the sword for the first time?"
She-Ra says: "Where is she?"
Hologram says: "Yes, Light Hope is here."
Hologram says: "She has been waiting for you."
She-Ra says: "Can I talk to her?"
Hologram says: "You will meet her soon enough."
Hologram says: "But first, you must let go."
She-Ra says: "What's that supposed to mean?"
Hologram says: "You are not ready yet."
Hologram says: "You must let go."
She-Ra says: "Let go of what?"
Catra steals the First Ones' tech; the pedestal it was on lights up and pings with energy.
She-Ra turns and grunts, firing a barely missed magical blast at Catra.
Catra says: "Hey!"
Catra says: "Watch it!"
She-Ra says: "Catra?"
She-Ra says: "What are you doing here?"
Hologram says: "Unauthorized presence detected."
Hologram says: "Security protocol activated."
Holograms disappears, room turns the same red and thrums with a low energy.
She-Ra says: "No, no, no, not again!"
Catra says: "What just happened?"
She-Ra says: "This isn't good."
She-Ra says: "You're not supposed to be in here."
The doors to the room slam closed one by one; She-Ra grunts as she grabs Catra's hand who gasps in alarm and pulls her as they run for a door; spiders from inside it screech; both girls gasp.
Catra says: "What are those?"
She-Ra says: "Also not good!"
Doors continue to slam shut; the girls run and pant as for a door as the spiders screech and follow; the door closes before they reach it, but She-Ra grunts as she lifts and holds it up.
She-Ra says: "Come on!"
She-Ra says: "We need to run!"
She-Ra drops the door and it slams as Spider legs rip through the cracks left in it.
The girls run into a new hallway, panting, as the lights shut off one by one; spiders peer from the darkness and screech; She-Ra and Catra look at each other and cry out in alarm as they bolt in the opposite direction.
Catra says: "What's going on?"
Catra says: "Why are those things trying to kill us?"
She-Ra says: "They're trying to kill you."
She-Ra says: "This place sees you as an invader."
Catra says: "Well, can't you tell them to stop?"
She-Ra says: "No, I can't tell them to stop!"
She-Ra says: "Clearly nothing in here is listening to me!"
They pant as they run around a corner to a dead-end, She-Ra slides to a stop; the spiders round the corner.
Catra says: "--Adora?"
She-Ra says: "Stand back!"
Grunting, She-Ra slices the wall and ceiling, causing shards of the ceiling to rain down on the spiders as they screech.
Catra says: "What are you doing?!"
Catra says: "!"
She-Ra grunts as she pulls Catra close and quickly transforms the sword into a shield to protect them overhead from the rubble as it falls.
New scene.
Both coughing.
Adora says: "You shouldn't be here, Catra."
Adora says: "Those things aren't going to stop until they get you, and as long as I'm protecting you, they'll see me as a threat, too."
Catra says: "Uh, good thing I didn't ask you to protect me."
Adora says: "Wait, you know, what-- Okay."
Adora says: "Why are you here, anyway?"
Adora says: "I mean, how did you even find this place?"
Catra says: "It sent up a beam of light a mile high."
Catra says: "It wasn't hard."
Adora says: "..."
Adora says: "Does Shadow Weaver know you're here?"
Catra says: "Ugh, I knew you'd be weird about me letting you escape."
Catra says: "I told you it's not because I like you."
Adora says: "I mean, I didn't--I didn't say anything."
Catra says: "Anyway, what are you doing here?"
Catra says: "Where are your new best friends?"
Catra says: "I thought you guys did everything together."
Adora says: "Oh, my friends?"
Adora says: "You mean the ones you kidnapped and held for ransom?"
Adora says: "The ones you let Shadow Weaver imprison and curse?"
Catra says: "Yeah, obviously."
Catra says: "What other friends would I be talking about?"
Adora says: "..."
Adora says: "Come on."
Adora says: "Those things will be back any minute, we need to get out of here."
Catra says: "Well, we don't need to go together."
Catra says: "You do your weird little magic quest thing, I'll find my own way out."
Catra looks back and forth between the rubble behind them and the only other way down the hall; as Adora walks forward, she sighs exasperatedly and follows.
New scene.
Montage of them walking through the castle; waterfalls rush and their footsteps echo; they finally stop at a wall with First Ones' writing on it.
Catra says: "Another dead end."
Adora says: "No, it's not."
Adora says: "Eh, long story."
They walk forwards into an infinitely dark room; Adora draws her sword and its Runestone casts a light.
Catra says: "Cool, you found the Infinite Darkness room."
Catra says: "Have fun, I'm gonna find another way around."
Catra says: "..."
Catra says: "Uh..."
Catra says: "where'd the door go?"
Adora says: "Wait, I think I see something."
Adora says: "Hello?"
Adora says: "Light Hope?"
Adora and Catra walk toward a red light floating deeper in the room.
The red light flashes blindingly, and both girls shout and cover their eyes in alarm; the light scans over their bodies with a hum.
Adora gasps lightly as they open their eyes to see they are standing in a room in the Horde base at the Fright Zone.
Adora says: "What kind of game are you playing?!"
Adora says: "!"
Catra says: "Whoa, whoa!"
Catra says: "I have no idea what's going on."
Catra says: "There's no way we can actually be in the Fright Zone!"
Adora says: "So what is this, another Shadow Weaver mind trick?!"
Adora says: "!"
Catra says: "I doubt it."
Catra says: "Now let----go of me!"
Catra walks away; Adora looks around and sees the room glitch a little; Catra steps around a corner and spots a guard.
Catra says: "Hey, you!"
Catra says: "Guard."
Catra says: "..."
Catra says: "Uh, hello?"
Catra says: "Adora?!"
Catra says: "!"
Adora says: "Catra?"
Adora looks to see a younger, maybe 5-7 year old Catra standing next to her.
Present Catra says: "Hey, Adora?"
Present Adora says: "Shh."
Young Adora says: "It's not broken, you're fine!"
Young Catra says: "I'm bleeding!"
Young Adora says: "You're not bleeding!"
Young Adora says: "And why would you try and pick a fight with Octavia anyway?"
Young Catra says: "I didn't do anything, all I did was exist near her."
Young Catra says: "..."
Young Catra says: "And scratch her on the eyeball."
Young Catra says: "And call her a dumbface."
Young Catra says: "What?!"
Young Catra says: "!"
Young Catra says: "She has a dumb face!"
Young Adora says: "Where is she?"
Young Catra takes Young Adora's hand and leads them to a different room, pointing down at Octavia.
Young Adora says: "Hey, Octavia!"
Octavia looks up and grunts an acknowledgement.
Young Adora says: "You're a dumbface!"
Octavia roars angrily, stomping up the ramp to chase the kids.
Young Catra says: "She's coming!"
Young Adora says: "Run!"
The kids run away holding hands and laughing.
New scene.
The scene changes as they pass behind a pillar, and its now Present Adora and Catra holding hands and laughing as they come to a stop; they both realize and Catra rips her hand away with a scoffing hiss.
Catra says: "What was that?!"
Catra says: "!"
Adora says: "It must have been some kind of simulation."
Adora says: "It's tapping into our memories."
Adora says: "Why, I have no idea..."
Catra says: "Ugh, this place is so weird."
Catra says: "How can you deal with all of this magic stuff?"
Adora says: "I'm only dealing with it because I need to figure out how to heal Glimmer after someone got her cursed."
Catra says: "You're not getting one."
They continue to walk forward.
Adora says: "..."
Adora says: "Can I ask you something?"
Catra says: "Can I stop you?"
Both gasp as they almost step off the side of a gaping hole in the floor, rocks crumbling.
Adora says: "..."
Adora says: "Why did you help me escape after Shadow Weaver captured us?"
Catra says: "Not this again."
They both climb onto a fallen pillar spanning the hole in the floor.
Adora says: "It's the one thing I can't figure out."
Adora says: "You didn't have to do that."
Adora says: "You could've gotten caught..."
Adora says: "why risk it?"
Adora says: "Whoa, whoa, whoa--!"
Adora shrieks as she falls backward; Catra grabs her hand, holding her up.
Catra says: "Did you really think I'd just let Shadow Weaver erase your memory like that?"
Adora says: "I dunno."
Adora says: "Probably."
Adora grunts as Catra pulls her up.
Catra says: "Yeah, well, you never did have too much faith in me."
Adora says: "Can you blame me?"
Catra says: "Not really."
Catra's tail brushes against Adora's hand as she walks away; Adora runs to catch up and they continue walking.
Catra says: "It wasn't all bad growing up in the Fright Zone, was it?"
Catra says: "I mean, you still have some good memories, right?"
Adora says: "Of course I do."
Adora says: "But it doesn't change the fact that the Horde is evil."
Adora says: "I had no choice."
Adora says: "I couldn't go back."
Adora says: "..."
Adora says: "Hey."
Adora says: "I miss you, too."
Catra says: "Wha--?"
Catra says: "Get over yourself!"
Adora says: "Not until you admit you like me!"
Adora gives Catra a noogie and Catra grunts; Catra pushes Adora away and Adora laughs.
Catra says: "I don't like you!"
Still laughing, Adora backs into a wall that she phases through, and she yelps in surprise as she falls backward onto a panel that buzzes and lights up, making every other panel surrounding it light up.
They are suddenly standing in a dark room with hexagon-shaped panels all over the floor.
Catra says: "Oh, come on!"
Another Young Catra, this time seemingly pre-teen, runs through Present Catra, brandishing a staff and yelling as she charges; she and a Young pre-teen Adora cross staves, they crackle with electricity, and they both grunt and shout as they fight; Young Catra pokes at Young Adora's forehead with a claw and Young Adora strains to see it while Young Catra laughs; Young Adora goes for a swipe and Young Catra dodges, stamping Young Adora's staff out of her hands; Young Catra brings her own staff down for a hit, but Young Adora catches it and throws Young Catra off to the side, landing with a thump on the ground.
Young Catra says: "Oww!"
Young Adora says: "You okay?"
Young Catra swipes Young Adora's feet out from under her and they continue to fight shouting and grunting, Young Adora now on the ground; Young Lonnie comes in from behind and swipes down at Young Catra while Young Adora rolls out of the way; Young Lonnie and Young Catra struggle, and finally Young Catra pokes at Young Lonnie's breastplate which buzzes her out; Young Catra pants with fatigue as Young Adora comes back in and knocks her staff out of her hands, hitting and buzzing her out.
Training Handler says: "And there's our winner."
The simulation's darkness fades away as the rest of their squad and the Training Handler come into view; Young Adora offers her hand to help Young Catra up; Young Catra grumbles, but takes the hand anyway.
Training Handler says: "Good work, cadet."
Training Handler says: "I like your focus."
Training Handler says: "This win will definitely be reported back to Lord Hordak."
Young Catra says: "What was that?"
Young Catra says: "Way to gang up on me!"
Young Lonnie says: "You were fighting dirty."
Young Lonnie says: "I was just leveling the field."
Catra shakes and growls in anger as Adora walks up and places a hand on Catra's shoulder.
Young Adora says: "Hey, you were awesome!"
Young Adora says: "Did I hurt you?"
Young Catra says: "No, I'm fine."
Young Catra says: "You're just lucky I let you win."
Young Adora says: "Right..."
Young Catra says: "I'm serious!"
Young Catra says: "If I came in first, people might expect me to actually start doing stuff around here."
Young Catra says: "Trust me, second place suits me just fine."
Young Adora says: "Yeah, okay."
Young Adora says: "Come on, let's go cool down."
Young Catra says: "In a minute, I'll meet you there."
Young Adora says: "Hey, guys, wait up!"
Young Adora goes over to the rest of the squad, laughing as they comment on how cool it all was.
New scene.
Young Catra leaves to go the locker room; she grunts as she tosses aside her breastplate; she begins to clench her teeth and hold back sobs at a sink with a mirror, before looking up and seeing Present Catra in the reflection, at which she shrieks and is Present Catra once more; the room glitches and the mirror and room hum in red light.
Disembodied Hologram voice says: "Unauthorized presence detected."
Disembodied Hologram voice says: "Security protocol activated."
A spider bot climbs out of the mirror and Catra falls backward, grunting; she screams; Present Adora hears this in the other room, and the rest of the past squad glitches away as she runs toward Catra.
Adora says: "Catra?"
Adora says: "Catra!"
Catra is in the process of being dragged away by a spider bot, wrapped in goo; she yelps, muffled, when she sees Adora.
Catra says: "Adora!"
Adora rushes to grab Catra's arm as she is pulled away; both grunt in effort of holding on/pulling back; they start to lose their grip and Catra grunts in distress; Catra shrieks as they aren't able to keep hold and she is pulled through.
Catra, being pulled away down a hall in the Crystal Castle, struggles against goo, grunting in effort.
Catra sheds tears of frustration, then elongates her claws with a metalllic shing; she grunts as she busts out of the goo and rips it apart; the spider bot squeaks and spits more goo at Catra, which she dodges and begins to fight the spider, grunting; it roars as she breaks its eyes and rips out cables, electricity zapping out; she does this a few times and then jumps off the spider as it collapses, zapping with electricity.
Catra chuckles with confidence, beginning to step toward the spider to finish it, but Adora jumps up and grunts while impaling the bot with the sword.
Adora says: "Are you okay?"
Catra says: "I had it."
Adora says: "Sure you did, we need to make sure we stay together from now on."
Catra says: "Will you stop telling me what to do?!"
Catra says: "!"
Catra swats Adora's arm off her shoulder.
Catra says: "I'm sick of this stupid place."
Catra says: "Let's just get out of here."
Catra grunts as she jumps across a few gaps in the floor.
Adora says: "What is your problem?"
Adora says: "I was just trying to save you."
Catra says: "For the last time, I don't need you to save me."
Catra says: "I've been doing just fine on my own."
Catra says: "No thanks to you."
Adora says: "Catra, wait."
Adora says: "..."
Adora says: "I'm sorry for leaving."
Adora says: "I couldn't go back to the Fright Zone, not after I saw what the Horde was really doing."
Adora says: "I never wanted to leave you."
Adora says: "..."
Adora says: "You could come with me!"
Adora says: "You-you-you could join the rebellion!"
Adora says: "I know you're not a bad person, Catra."
Adora says: "You don't belong with the Horde."
A wind blows as a door opens in the Fright Zone.
Catra says: "Let's just get this over with."
Young Catra, about 5-7, runs past Present Adora and Catra; she grunts as she leaps and swings across cables hanging from the ceiling, landing nearby, laughing a bit; Young Adora hangs from cables behind her.
Young Adora says: "Catra, wait up!"
Young Catra says: "What's it like being the world's slowest person?"
Young Adora grunts, missing and crashing into a trash heap.
Both young versions run and laugh, Adora chasing after Catra; suddenly Young Catra stops and stares, Young Adora pulls at her hair, then stops, noticing.
Young Adora says: "Whoa."
They stare at the Black Garnet chamber.
Young Catra says: "It's open."
Young Adora says: "We're definitely not allowed in there."
Young Adora looks at Young Catra with a smile, then runs toward the room laughing; Catra follows, half chuckling; Present Adora and Present Catra stand watching.
Present Adora says: "You don't have to go in there."
Catra walks in, Adora follows.
The young versions are in awe of the chamber, gasping; Young Catra gets closer to the Black Garnet.
Young Catra says: "Wow..."
She touches it, and it delivers a shock as she shrieks in pain.
Young Adora says: "Ma-maybe we should get out of here."
They hear Shadow Weaver groaning from the hallway and run to hide; Shadow Weaver comes in and touches the Garnet, electricity zapping around her hand; she seems to sigh in relief, going over to her scrying table, where she takes off her mask with a click as it unhinges.
Young Adora gasps in shock at the sight; Shadow Weaver whips turns around and also gasps in shock at the two children; Young Catra gasps as they start to run away.
Shadow Weaver says: "Get out!"
Young Adora cries out in alarm as dark magic encloses the exit.
Shadow Weaver says: "Catra..."
Shadow Weaver says: "..."
Shadow Weaver says: "you stay."
Young Catra grunts as she is forced to stand.
Shadow Weaver says: "What do you think you're doing in here?"
Shadow Weaver makes Young Catra turn, feet squeaking on the floor as she does so without picking up her feet; Shadow Weaver clicks her mask back in place.
Catra says: "We were just playing."
Shadow Weaver says: "Insolent child."
Shadow Weaver says: "I've come to expect such disgraceful behavior from you."
Shadow Weaver says: "But I will not allow you to drag Adora down as well."
Adora says: "Shadow Weaver, it wasn't her fault, it was my idea, too!"
Shadow Weaver says: "Do you understand?"
Young Adora says: "Please stop!"
The dark magic dissipates back into Shadow Weaver's cloak as she groans and moves back toward the Garnet; Young Adora and Young Catra share a look before Young Adora runs over to Shadow Weaver.
Young Adora says: "She didn't mean to!"
Young Adora and Catra are walking down a hall in the Fright Zone, just after this incident; they walk past a pillar and become Present Adora and Catra again.
Catra says: "You always need to play the hero, don't you?"
Adora says: "I was only trying to protect you."
Catra says: "You never protected me!"
Catra says: "Not in any way that would put you on Shadow Weaver's bad side."
Scene transitions to Young Adora and Catra in the same place.
Young Catra says: "Admit it."
Young Catra says: "You love being her favorite!"
Young Adora says: "That's not true!"
Young Catra says: "Oh, yeah?"
Young Catra says: "Who was protecting me then?"
Adora says: "You don't have to let Shadow Weaver treat you like that anymore."
Adora says: "You can leave----just like I did!"
Young Catra says: "Oh, because I need to follow you everywhere you go?!"
Young Catra says: "!"
Young Adora says: "I didn't mean it that way."
Catra says: "I don't."
Catra says: "Want."
Catra says: "To leave."
Catra says: "What don't you understand about that?"
Catra says: "I'm not afraid of Shadow Weaver anymore, and I'm a better Force Captain than you would've ever been."
Young Adora says: "You always said you didn't care about things like that..."
Young Catra says: "Well, I was lying, obviously!"
Adora says: "Catra, just wait!"
Catra says: "Why do you think I gave the sword back to you in the Fright Zone?"
Catra says: "I didn't want you to come back, Adora!"
Catra releases Adora's arm, walking away as Adora stands in shocked disbelief; the room glitches and spider bots screech behind Adora as she gasps.
Adora says: "Huh?"
The Fright Zone simulation is glitching as Catra grunts, running past a bunch of glitching memories.
Young Lonnie says: "You were fighting dirty."
Shadow Weaver says: "Insolent child."
Catra says: "Let."
Catra says: "Me."
Catra says: "OUT OF HERE!"
Catra groans as she falls to the ground on all fours; she hears a crying noise, stands and turns, finding a younger Catra, maybe 5 or younger, crying and hiding her face in a blanket on their bunk in the Fright Zone.
Young Adora says: "..."
Young Adora says: "Catra?"
Young Catra continues to sob as Young Adora walks to her; Young Adora peels back the cover from Young Catra's face, and Young Catra hisses.
Young Adora says: "It doesn't matter what they do to us, you know?"
Young Adora says: "You look out for me, and I look out for you."
Young Adora says: "Nothing really bad can happen as long as we have each other."
Young Catra says: "You promise?"
Present Catra says: "You promise?"
Young Adora says: "I promise."
Young Catra clings onto Young Adora for a few moments.
Young Adora says: "..."
Young Adora says: "Come on, let's go back out."
They stand and walk away; Young Catra stops before following Young Adora the rest of the way, and stares up at Present Catra for a long moment, then follows; Catra gets a determined look on her face as the room around her glitches back to darkness.
Some other part of the Crystal Castle.
Adora grunts as she fights the spider bots, destroying an eye and ripping a piece off and tossing it away; she runs to strain to remove her sword from where it's stuck by the goo overlooking a chasm.
Adora shouts as spider goo traps her from behind and a spider lifts her over the chasm.
Adora says: "Stop it, I'm not your enemy."
Adora says: "Light Hope..."
Adora says: "Just let me talk to Light Hope!"
Adora says: "Catra?"
Catra says: "Hey, Adora."
Adora says: "Catra, help me, please..."
Catra says: "This thing wouldn't work for me if I tried, would it?"
Catra says: "It only works for you."
Catra says: "Then again, you're special."
Catra says: "That's what Shadow Weaver always said."
Adora says: "Catra..."
Adora says: "what are you doing?"
Catra says: "Ah, you know?"
Catra says: "It all makes sense now."
Catra says: "You've always been the one holding me back."
Catra says: "You wanted me to think I needed you."
Catra says: "You wanted me to feel weak."
Catra says: "Every hero needs a sidekick, right?"
Adora says: "Catra, no, that's not how it was..."
Catra says: "ever thought."
Adora grunts, losing one hand holding onto the goo.
Catra says: "I wonder what I could've been if I'd gotten rid of you sooner..."
Catra cuts the last of the goo holding Adora up; Adora shrieks as she falls, catching a rock handhold on the way down.
Adora says: "I-I'm sorry!"
Adora says: "I never meant to make you feel like you were second best!"
Adora says: "Please don't do this!"
The light in the room glitches away making room for darkness; Catra looks at the sword, then tosses it into the chasm; it clangs on the way down, Adora gasps lightly.
Catra says: "Bye, Adora."
Catra says: "I really am going to miss you."
Light Hope says: "Adora."
Adora gasps and still breaths heavily.
Light Hope says: "You must."
Light Hope says: "Let."
Light Hope says: "Go."
Adora sobs lightly as tears fall; she lets her hand slip from the rock.
Fright Zone, Entrapta's lab.
Entrapta works on Emily, her tools zapping.
Scorpia says: "And then there's the day, Catra and I were on a boat together!"
Scorpia says: "Did I ever tell you about that?"
Voice of Scorpia from the recorder says: "Oh, and one time, Catra and I, were on a boat together!"
Voice of Scorpia from the recorder says: "That was the best day ever."
Entrapta says: "Yep, you did."
Scorpia says: "You ever meet someone and you just instantly click?"
Entrapta says: "Yes, it was like that with Emily."
Scorpia says: "What happened to you?"
Scorpia says: "You're filthy!"
Scorpia says: "Are you okay?"
Scorpia says: "Do you need first aid?"
Scorpia says: "Do you need to be nursed tenderly back to health?!"
Scorpia says: "!"
Catra says: "Scorpia, remember that talk we had about personal space?"
Scorpia says: "Oh, right."
Scorpia says: "Ten-foot radius."
Catra turns to find Entrapta in her face.
Entrapta says: "How'd it go?"
Entrapta says: "Did you find it?"
Catra says: "Uh, why is the princess loose?"
Entrapta says: "Ohhh, right."
Entrapta says: "Seriously, though, did you find it?"
Catra smiles and tosses the crystal to Entrapta who catches it.
Scorpia says: "she is the best friend ever."
Catra says: "..."
Catra says: "Just keep it down."
Catra says: "I'm going to bed."
The door slides shut behind her.
Credits Roll.