Adora says: "Mermista, Spinnerella, and Scorpia are wreaking havoc across Etheria."
Adora says: "If we wanna stop Horde Prime, we have to neutralize them and figure out how to free them from their chips."
Netossa says: "Leave this to me."
Netossa says: "I've been keeping track of every Princess' weakness."
Netossa says: "And I've discerned the best tactical strategy to overpower every one of them."
Netossa says: "Spinny's weakness is obvious."
Adora says: "Uh-huh, uh-huh."
Adora says: "Real obvious."
Adora says: "And, um, ahem, what is it exactly?"
Netossa says: "{sighs} Everyone knows she twisted her ankle when she was a kid."
Netossa says: "If you keep her off balance, her injury will act up on her."
Netossa says: "Next time we fight, I'll target it, and subdue her and un-chip her and save her and remind her of it every time she tells me it's my turn to clean."
Bow says: "Right."
Bow says: "But could we circle back to your not-at-all-weird-and-very-detailed theories on our weaknesses?"
Glimmer says: "Yeah, not all of us will be as easy as a twisted ankle."
Netossa says: "Oh, you don't believe me."
Netossa says: "That's--That's fine."
Netossa says: "I'll just demonstrate."
Netossa says: "Entrapta's weakness: tech."
Netossa says: "Mermista's: fire."
Netossa says: "Frosta's: also fire."
Netossa says: "Adora can't act to save her life."
Netossa says: "Also, extreme hair-envy with She-Ra."
Netossa says: "Glimmer: crippling self-doubt mixed with overwhelming hubris."
Glimmer says: "Whoa, whoa, whoa, that's, like, really personal compared to fire."
Perfuma says: "Oh, oh, do me."
Perfuma says: "Do me next."
Netossa says: "Perfuma: fire."
Netossa says: "And an inability to unleash your full power due to your overwhelming fear of hurting the people you care about."
Perfuma says: "Some might say that's actually a positive quality."
Netossa says: "It's not."
Netossa says: "Bow's weakness..."
She snaps the string on his Bow.
Bow says: "You've spent a lot of time thinking about this, huh?"
Netossa says: "Contingency plans are how you win, and I always win."
Catra says: "Okay, we get it."
Catra says: "Princesses are easy to take down."
Catra says: "You and your files don't have anything on real threats, like me."
Netossa squirts Catra with water, then traps her in a net.
Theme Song.
Adora says: "We need to stop the chipped Princesses before they hurt anyone else."
Adora says: "We've lost track of Spinnerella after Erelandia, but there is good news."
Adora says: "We know where Scorpia is."
Adora says: "Bow?"
Adora says: "{clears throat} Uh, Bow?"
Bow says: "Huh?"
Bow says: "Oh, uh, right."
Bow says: "After wreaking havoc on a town along the coast, Scorpia returned to the Fright Zone."
Perfuma says: "If Scorpia went back to the Fright Zone, that has to mean something."
Perfuma says: "There's probably a part of her that remembers it's her home."
Catra says: "That pile of junk isn't anyone's home."
Perfuma says: "Scorpia saved me."
Perfuma says: "She stayed behind so the rest of us could escape the Enchanted Grotto."
Perfuma says: "If anyone can resist Horde Prime's programming, it's Scorpia."
Perfuma says: "Her heat's too strong."
Perfuma says: "She'd never hurt her friends."
Catra says: "Yeah, she's not great at standing up to authority figures, trust me."
Perfuma says: "Your negative vibes aren't appreciated here, Catra."
Catra says: "Look, all that matters is the chip."
Catra says: "Going for the back of the neck is how we take out Prime's clones."
Catra says: "And the only reason that Adora, you know, saved me or whatever, is because the chip got damaged first."
Catra says: "That's how we free them."
Perfuma says: "You think you know how to save Scorpia better than I do?"
Perfuma says: "I know all about how you treated her back in the Horde."
Perfuma says: "Things are different now."
Perfuma says: "Scorpia knows the kindness of a true friend."
Catra's eyes widen, then she looks away.
Perfuma says: "Hoo."
Perfuma says: "Hmph."
Adora says: "Hey, we all want to save Scorpia, so, let's work together to do it."
Adora says: "If we make our way through the desert, we can enter the Fright Zone through here."
Adora says: "Catra, Melog, we'll need you to cloak us."
Glimmer looks up and spots Bow walking away from the table. Soon after, he stands outside staring at his tracker pad. Glimmer teleports beside him.
Glimmer says: "Bow, are you okay?"
Bow says: "Yeah, yeah."
Bow says: "I'm fine."
A light blinks on the pad.
Glimmer says: "It's your dads, isn't it?"
He frowns.
Bow says: "I know they're probably fine."
Bow says: "The Library is really well hidden, but I haven't heard from them since we got back."
Glimmer says: "We should go check on them."
Glimmer says: "I'll teleport us there."
Bow says: "But, what about the mission?"
Bow says: "Scorpia and the others are controlled by Prime and your dad might be with them."
Glimmer says: "Bow, Adora and the others can handle Scorpia."
Glimmer says: "This mission is just as important."
Glimmer says: "We have to make sure your dads are safe."
Bow says: "I'm really worried about them."
Glimmer hugs him.
Glimmer says: "Then let's go."
Glimmer says: "Wherever they are, we'll find them."
Bow smiles at her.
In the Fright Zone, Horde ships circle overhead and one ship scans the ground with a laser beam. Netossa, Perfuma, Adora, and Catra hide behind a giant pipe.
Adora says: "It's weird, isn't it?"
Adora says: "Being back."
Adora says: "So many memories here."
Catra says: "Most of them bad."
Catra looks at Adora. Adora is staring sadly at the Fright Zone.
Catra says: "Hey, bet I can still beat you to the forge."
Adora says: "Uh, because you always cheat."
Catra races off and Adora and Melog run after her. They teleport to the forge with Netossa and Perfuma.
Adora says: "Huh."
The building is in ruins.
Adora says: "Well, it's different than I remember it."
Catra says: "Hordak and I may have had a small disagreement before we were taken by Horde Prime."
Adora says: "Whoa."
They sneak further inside.
Perfuma says: "Scorpia?"
Catra says: "What is she doing?"
Perfuma says: "Scorpia?"
Adora says: "Get back here."
Netossa says: "No."
Netossa says: "Does no one understand what stealth means?"
Perfuma says: "Scorpia?"
A row of round green lights flicker on and off and red streaks of electricity crackle around them.
Catra says: "{sighs} Your plans are just the worst."
A blast of light erupts behind them. When the dust settles, Scorpia appears.
Perfuma says: "Scorpia?"
She stands frozen in place.
Netossa says: "What's she doing?"
Netossa says: "Why isn't she attacking?"
Perfuma says: "She recognizes us."
Perfuma says: "I told you she'd never hurt her friends."
Perfuma says: "{chuckles} Scorpia?"
Scorpia looks up with a glare, her eyes glowing green.
Adora says: "Perfuma!"
Adora protects Perfuma and Scorpia fires.
Perfuma says: "She must not be able to tell that it's us."
Scorpia's body is covered with a layer of electricity. Catra peers out at her from behind a wall.
Catra says: "Whoa."
Scorpia looks at her.
Scorpia lifts the wall and finds Catra and Melog.
Catra says: "Scorpia..."
Catra says: "uh, it's me."
Catra says: "Look, about everything that happened..."
Scorpia hits her with a stream of electricity and Catra flies backwards.
Adora says: "Catra!"
Melog scampers after her. Scorpia fires at Adora and Perfuma.
Adora says: "For the honor of Grayskull!"
Adora transforms into She-Ra.
Netossa says: "Pretty sure she can tell it's us."
Perfuma says: "Yes, but I mean, it's Catra."
Perfuma says: "Can we really blame her?"
Scorpia flies in the air and launches an electrical fire ball.
Meanwhile, Glimmer and Bow arrive at the library in the forest.
Bow says: "Something doesn't feel right."
Bow says: "Whoa!"
Glimmer hides him as a Horde drone hovers.
Bow says: "Prime Bots."
Bow hits the drone with an arrow and it crashes.
Bow says: "They're here, right by my home."
Glimmer teleports them inside.
Bow says: "Lance?"
Bow says: "George?"
Glimmer says: "Hang on."
Glimmer says: "I'll check the other rooms."
Bow finds a broken vase and picks it up.
Glimmer says: "They aren't here."
Bow says: "What if Horde Prime has them?"
Bow says: "What if he chipped them?"
Glimmer says: "We don't know that."
Glimmer says: "Maybe they went somewhere safe."
Bow says: "All of Etheria is under Prime's control."
Bow says: "They can't defend themselves."
Bow says: "They're dads."
Bow says: "And now they've been taken by Horde Prime."
Glimmer says: "Uh, Bow?"
Bow says: "I should've never learned archery."
Bow says: "I should've never left home."
Bow says: "Then none of this would've happened."
Glimmer says: "Bow!"
They spot a note for Bow.
Glimmer says: "What does it say?"
Bow says: "It says, "What did the First One say when they burned dinner?"
Bow says: "It was ruined."
Glimmer says: "Uh, what does that mean?"
Glimmer says: "I don't speak dads."
Bow says: "I know where they are."
In the Fright Zone, Catra crashes to the ground.
Catra says: "{groans} That could've gone better."
Catra says: "Hey, I'm working on being a better friend."
Catra says: "That has to count for something, right?"
Water spurts from the pipes around them.
Catra says: "Scorpia's not alone."
A wave of water rushes towards Catra and Melog. Mermista appears in the water, her eyes glowing green. In another room, She-Ra battles Scorpia.
Perfuma says: "Her positive energy is being blocked by all of Prime's negative energy."
Perfuma says: "We need to--She-Ra, drop it."
Perfuma says: "Drop it."
Perfuma says: "We don't throw tanks at our friends."
She-Ra says: "Yeah, well, this isn't working."
She-Ra says: "Look at her."
She-Ra says: "It's like she doesn't even recognize us."
Scorpia blasts at She-Ra.
Netossa says: "Perfuma, enough with the feelings."
Perfuma says: "I am strong!"
Perfuma says: "But I'm not gonna hurt my friend."
She-Ra says: "Oh, I really wish she'd stop doing that."
Perfuma says: "Scorpia, please stop."
Perfuma says: "You don't have to do this anymore."
Perfuma walks towards Scorpia and vines and pink flowers bloom around her feet. Vines sneak around Scorpia's legs and around her torso. She looks down as vines incircle her claws and a pink flower blooms. Scorpia stares at the blossom and Perfuma looks hopeful.
Scorpia snaps the vines and swings at Perfuma.
She-Ra protects Perfuma. She-Ra's sword transforms into a long golden lasso as she swings it and wraps it around Scorpia. Scorpia falls to the ground and their eyes meet. Then, Scorpia breaks free. She-Ra falls and her sword flickers. Netossa steps forward.
Spinnerella says: "Still trying to save everyone?"
Spinnerella says: "What a wasted effort."
Spinnerella appears behind her.
Netossa says: "This one's mine."
Perfuma says: "Netossa, wait."
She-Ra says: "Oh, so, she gets to throw tanks at us."
Scorpia hurls a tank.
Glimmer says: "Oh, "It's ruined."
Glimmer says: "" I get it."
Glimmer says: "{chuckles} That's..."
Glimmer says: "terrible."
Glimmer says: "Why do you think they came here?"
Bow says: "They were excavating it, looking for First Ones artifacts."
Bow says: "It would've been the last safe place to go."
They duck as an arrow flies at them.
Two men appear.
Lance says: "Bow?"
Lance says: "Oh, Bow!"
Lance says: "Oh, and Glimmer."
Lance says: "We didn't hit you, did we?"
Lance says: "Sorry."
Lance says: "We're so sorry."
George says: "I'm still teaching him how to use this thing."
George says: "And I don't know how to use it either."
George says: "So, um, it's good you're here."
Lance says: "You got our message."
George says: "{chuckles} I knew you'd "pun-derstand."
Bow says: "You will not distract me with puns right now."
Bow says: "I've been so worried."
Bow says: "You haven't responded to any of my messages."
Lance says: "Our tracker pad's been on the fritz."
Lance says: "And you know we're useless with that kind of thing."
Lance says: "We left a note."
Bow says: "You can't just work on ancient history like nothing's happening."
George says: "You were the one who inspired us to fight for what we believe in."
George says: "We're not hiding down here."
George says: "We found something."
George says: "Something that we think might help everyone."
Glimmer says: "What did you find?"
Lance says: "It's easier if we show you."
Lance says: "Come on."
They follow Bow's dads.
In the Fright Zone, Mermista looks around a hallway and Catra leaps at her.
Mermista says: "{yelps} Hiding is pointless."
Catra whacks her and Mermista sprays water.
Mermista says: "Show yourself and kneel before Horde Prime's might."
Catra says: "Not a chance."
Catra eyes the chip embedded in Mermista's neck. Mermista knocks Catra with water and Melog hurries to Catra's side. They flee.
On the roof, Netossa battles Spinnerella.
Netossa says: "You're not going anywhere."
Spinnerella says: "Oh, but you are."
Spinnerella spins Netossa around and Netossa slips over the side of the building. Spinnerella looks down and Netossa sits in a net.
Netossa says: "{yells} You can't get rid of me that easily."
She-Ra and Perfuma escape on a path of vines.
Perfuma says: "How can Prime do this?"
Perfuma says: "Scorpia was so full of light and kindness."
Perfuma says: "And he stripped that away."
Perfuma says: "He--He erased her."
Perfuma says: "He erased our friendship."
She-Ra comforts her and the room glows red and the device flickers and turns bright red.
She-Ra says: "Oh no."
Scorpia hovers over them. Scorpia bashes She-Ra and she transforms back into Adora.
Perfuma says: "{screams} Scorpia, please."
Perfuma says: "We're trying to help you."
Adora looks at her shaking hands as Perfuma holds back Scorpia. She spots an opening.
Adora says: "Come on."
They run through a tunnel.
Perfuma says: "Adora, what happened to She-Ra?"
Adora says: "I--I don't know, I just--I lost her."
The door slams shut behind them and a series of doors slam closed in front of them. They run down the side pathway.
Adora says: "Come on, Sword."
They reach a dark chamber and glance back.
The steps to Hordak's throne light up and Horde Prime is on it.
Horde Prime says: "Ah, She-Ra."
Perfuma says: "Anytime She-Ra wants to come back, that would be great."
Adora says: "You."
Adora says: "What are you doing here?"
Adora and Perfuma back away. The room flickers red, and then Scorpia appears and binds Adora and Perfuma in electrical wires.
Horde Prime says: "It was long past time that I saw for myself what made Etheria so very special."
Horde Prime says: "Starting with my brother's amusing little stronghold."
Adora says: "I told you before, you're not getting She-Ra."
Horde Prime says: "Oh, my sweet child, I have no need for you."
Horde Prime says: "Not anymore."
Horde Prime says: "My little brother's research has given me everything I need to know."
Horde Prime says: "The technology of this planet is familiar to me."
Horde Prime says: "Ancient, crude, outdated."
Horde Prime says: "It will be child's play to bypass its defenses and take the weapon at its heart for myself, with..."
Horde Prime says: "or without you."
George says: "We unearthed an ancient secret, long forgotten."
George says: "A rebellion from the time of the First Ones, fighting against a powerful tyrant, just like we are."
George says: "Watch."
George says: "Eternia."
Light Hope says: "Greetings, administrator."
Light Hope says: "What is your query?"
Bow says: "Uh, that's cool, Dad, but we met her a while ago."
Bow says: "She, uh, wasn't that helpful."
Lance says: "Oh, that's not it."
Lance says: "We found something hidden in her programming."
Lance says: "Let me do it this time."
George says: "You always get to do it."
Lance says: "I don't."
Lance says: "You did it last time."
George says: "Okay, fine."
Lance says: "For the honor of Grayskull!"
Lance says: "Oh, I love doing that."
George says: "Your voice is amazing."
Lance says: "Oh, thank you."
A glowing blue orb appears around them.
Shapes and symbols float around the image.
Glimmer says: "Wow."
George says: "We weren't sure what to think when we first found this."
George says: "We thought it must be a glitch."
Lance says: "But then we remembered that message on your tracker pad and how it used coded language based on the star formations of the distant past."
George says: ""Friend of..."
Lance says: "Uh, not that one."
George says: "I've got it."
George says: ""Mara."
George says: "" There."
They shield their eyes from the light and the hologram reappears.
Light Hope says: "Greetings, friends of Mara."
Glimmer says: "Mara."
Lance says: "Mara wasn't alone."
Lance says: "She was working with a group of rebels going against their First One's leaders."
Light Hope says: "There is one recording available."
Light Hope says: "Would you like to review?"
Lance says: "Play it."
Serenia says: "This is our last transmission."
Serenia says: "If anyone's hearing this, you need to listen."
Serenia says: "There's a fail-safe for the Heart of Etheria."
Serenia says: "It will allow you to destroy the Heart and end this for good."
Serenia says: "It's at the Arxia outpost, but we lost touch with them a week ago."
Serenia says: "If there's anyone left out there, you need to find it."
Serenia says: "Mara bought us time, but it's too late for us."
Serenia says: "This is Rebel Squadron Grayskull."
Serenia says: "And for the last time, we're signing off."
The hologram vanishes and Bow and Gimmer are wide-eyed.
Bow says: "A fail-safe."
Bow says: "There's a fail-safe to destroy the Heart of Etheria."
Bow says: "This could stop Prime from using the Heart."
Bow says: "This could save the universe."
Glimmer says: "They said it's at Arxia?"
Glimmer says: "What is that?"
Lance says: "That's what we don't know."
Lance says: "The First Ones had different names for everything on Etheria."
Lance says: "But in all our studies, we've never heard of a place called Arxia."
Bow says: "We have to tell Adora."
Bow says: "If there's a fail-safe out there somewhere, we need to find it."
Catra messages Bow.
Bow says: "Whoa."
Bow says: "Are you okay?"
Catra says: "Get us out of here, now."
Glimmer says: "What's going on?"
Catra says: "This whole thing was a trap."
Catra says: "{screams} Why did I get the Water Princess?"
Glimmer teleports.
Adora says: "{grunts} You're lying."
Adora says: "You will never get your hands on the Heart of Etheria."
Horde Prime says: "It is over, Adora."
Horde Prime says: "You will not be able to stop me."
Horde Prime says: "As always, your childish fixation on saving your friends has distracted you."
Horde Prime says: "It has made you vulnerable, weak."
Perfuma says: "You're wrong."
Perfuma says: "There's power, real power, in love, joy, and friendship."
Horde Prime says: "And what could you possibly know about real power?"
Perfuma narrows her eyes and scowls.
Perfuma says: "Friendship isn't a weakness."
Perfuma says: "It's my greatest strength."
Perfuma says: "And it's Scorpia's, too."
Horde Prime says: "I've heard enough."
Horde Prime says: "End this now."
Perfuma says: "Scorpia, you can break through this."
Perfuma says: "I know you can."
Scorpia strides towards Adora and Perfuma. Perfuma begins to cry and drops to her knees. Scorpia raises her claw in the air and tears stream down Perfuma's face. Scorpia stops and punches the floor with her claw. Horde Prime turns around. Her approaches Scorpia. As the dust settles, he notices that the wires are severed and Adora and Perfuma are gone.
Horde Prime says: "{growls} Submit yourself to inspection."
Scorpia stares at a flower on the floor and a slight smile crosses her lips. She stands in front of Horde Prime and kneels. He inspects the chip in her neck.
Horde Prime says: "No matter."
Horde Prime says: "They are insignificant."
Horde Prime says: "The plan is under way and the Heart will soon be in my grasp."
Netossa kicks Spinnerella.
Spinnerella says: "It's almost over."
Spinnerella says: "Let go."
Spinnerella says: "Give in to Horde Prime's will."
Green tears stream from Spinnerella's green eyes. Netossa kicks her again and Spinnerella falls on her hands and knees. Netossa watches her. Spinnerella rises and Netossa traps her in a net.
Netossa says: "Don't you get it, Spinny?"
Netossa says: "I'm never letting you go."
Netossa says: "Because Spinny, you're my weakness."
She embraces her, then punches the chip in her neck.
Spinnerella's eyes return to normal. Glimmer appears beside them. Netossa looks up at Glimmer. Glimmer teleports them all to a room with Adora, Catra, Melog, and Perfuma.
Netossa says: "I got her."
Adora crouches beside them. Perfuma sits cross-legged on the floor with her eyes closed. Catra approaches her.
Catra says: "So, I heard Scorpia dropped a beam on you."
Perfuma says: "Scorpia missed."
Perfuma says: "She missed on purpose."
Catra says: "How do you know?"
Perfuma says: "I know because I believe in Scorpia."
Catra says: "I hope you're right."
Catra sits with a frown on her face.
Catra says: "Scorpia's really lucky to have a friend like you."
Perfuma smiles at Catra.
Perfuma says: "It's hard keeping your heart open."
Perfuma says: "It makes you vulnerable."
Perfuma says: "But it doesn't make you weak, and I have to believe it's worth it."
Perfuma gazes into Catra's eyes. Catra glances back at Adora. Perfuma throws her arms around Catra.
Perfuma says: "{giggles} If you want, we can work through some guided meditation to begin to unblock your abandonment issues and you negativity."
Catra says: "Nah."
Catra says: "Uh-uh."
Catra says: "No, one thing at a time, okay?"
Adora says: "A fail-safe."
Adora says: "There's a fail-safe for the Heart of Etheria."
Adora says: "Mara did it."
Adora says: "This could work."
Adora says: "We can still save everyone."
Adora says: "We can stop the Heart of Etheria for good."
Adora says: "Do we know what it is?"
Adora says: "Or where it is?"
Bow says: "All we know is that it's supposed to be in some place called Arxia."
Bow says: "Other than that..."
Bow says: "we've got nothing."
Shadow Weaver says: "We know where it is."
Shadow Weaver and Castaspella enter the room. Catra scowls.
Shadow Weaver says: "We have to go to Mystacor."
Credits Roll.