Outside a Horde outpost.
Horde flag flaps in wind; guards walk along the outer wall; She-Ra, Glimmer, and Bow are in the middle of scaling the cliff just below the outpost; Bow grunts as he finishes climbing up the cliff; She-Ra gasps as she glances down at the steep drop.
She-Ra says: "Ooh, okay."
She-Ra says: "We need to find a way to reclaim the Horde-occupied fortress for The Rebellion."
She-Ra says: "So how are we gonna do this?"
Glimmer says: "I'll teleport ahead to scout out a path through their defenses."
Bow says: "And I'll quietly shoot the closest turrets with my trick-arrows."
She-Ra says: "You'll have the advantage in a sneak-attack."
She-Ra says: "..."
She-Ra says: "Go!"
A bird chirps, perched atop a Horde turret; the guard manning the turret yawns; Glimmer teleports behind the guard and whacks them with her staff; a guard grunts as She-Ra punches them; more guards grunt when Bow shoots them with goo arrows.
She-Ra gasps as she and Glimmer look over the wall to where Bow falls into the valley, wind blowing; Glimmer sobs.
She-Ra says: "He's..."
She-Ra says: "dead..."
Transition to the inside of a tent in a nearby rebellion camp.
Tiny Bow figurine clatters on the table.
Opening Theme.
New Scene.
Rebellion Camp, tent.
Bow says: "I shouldn't be dead."
Bow says: "That turret came out of nowhere..."
Glimmer says: "That's because you failed to make a successful observation check."
Glimmer says: "If we're going to retake the pass, we have to be prepared for anything."
Adora says: "The pass is the only way in or out of this region."
Adora says: "According to the reports, the Horde seized it while we were busy defending Bright Moon,  so it's crucial that we get it back."
Bow says: "Why does that mean I have to die?"
Bow says: "And after I made these for you."
Adora says: "It would be impressive if it wasn't terrifying."
Glimmer says: "We have gotten really good at improvising, though."
Adora says: "and a plan that takes into account everything the Horde could possibly throw at us, including surprise attacks."
Bow says: "Okay, but you're breaking Tiny Bow's heart."
Bow says: "I mean, look at his face!"
Glimmer says: "He's smiling."
Bow says: "Through his pain, Glimmer."
Bow says: "Through his pain!"
Adora says: "Guys, this pass is important."
Adora says: "The Horde is not going to give it up without a fight."
Adora says: "It's obviously going to be guarded by their very best and brightest..."
Scene transition to on top of the Horde outpost wall.
Scorpia says: "Flap those banners!"
Scorpia says: "Uh--keep doing whatever it is you're doing, guy I'm pointing at!"
Scorpia says: "Now do a different thing!"
Scorpia says: "And look sharp, Force Captain's orders!"
Scorpia turns to Lonnie, Kyle, and Rogelio standing on the wall with her.
Scorpia says: "Catra left me in charge."
Scorpia says: "Me."
Scorpia says: "Can you believe it?!"
Scorpia says: "!"
Lonnie says: "Uh, no."
Lonnie says: "I really can't."
Scorpia says: "Kyle!"
Scorpia says: "Man the parapets!"
Kyle says: "I don't know what those are."
Scorpia says: "Then find out!"
Kyle runs away slowly, panting.
Scorpia says: "KYLE, what are you doing?!"
Scorpia says: "!"
Scorpia says: "Go find out Catra's favorite color!"
Kyle runs past slowly the opposite direction, panting; Scorpia turns to Lonnie and Rogelio, who quickly begin to try to walk away.
Scorpia says: "--'We are soulmates tied together by the beautiful threads of fate..."
Lonnie says: "We should spend less time talking about Catra, and more time talking about the defenses."
Silence as Scorpia blinks at Lonnie.
Lonnie says: "The reason we're here!"
Scorpia laughs heartily as she pats Lonnie's back that she grunts in surprise as she's thrown to the railing, coughing over it.
Scorpia says: "Okay, you don't need to remind me."
Scorpia says: "My wildcat is counting on me, and I won't  For Catra, I will defend this pass with my very life!"
Lonnie says: "Wrong pass."
Scorpia says: "Yes, this is the pass I will defend with my very life."
Scorpia says: "No reason to worry at all."
New scene.
Rebellion camp, tent.
Adora says: "Clearly, that last plan won't work."
Glimmer says: "to them!"
Glimmer says: "--I take out their first line of defense!"
Glimmer imitates a explosion sounds and knocks over pawns on the Map table.
Glimmer knocks over another pawn with her Glimmer figurine, imitating more explosion sounds; she yells out triumphantly.
Glimmer says: "I back-flip, front-flip, back-flip into a teleport, poof!"
Glimmer says: "THEN, I take out a super-bot, and it EXPLODES!"
Bow says: "You ran out of teleports, like, 12 teleports ago."
Glimmer says: "Then, I land on you!"
Scene transition back to reality; Glimmer drops her figurine on top of Bow's.
Adora says: "Glimmer, we need to come up with a plan based on reality."
Glimmer says: "Yes, and in that moment, I really would land on Bow."
Adora says: "Hmm."
Adora says: "Using a limited number of teleports isn't a bad idea..."
Mermista says: "Uh..."
Mermista says: "..."
Mermista says: "Why are you playing with dolls?"
Adora says: "We're not playing with dolls!"
Glimmer says: "Wait a minute."
Glimmer says: "Aren't you supposed to be on watch?"
Mermista says: "Oh, look, the fortress is still there, like it was an hour ago."
Mermista says: "Watch complete."
Glimmer groans in annoyance; Bow continues rummaging.
Adora says: "We're still coming up with a plan."
Mermista says: "Am I in the plan?"
Bow says: "I don't have you, buuut I do have a seashell and a happy otter?"
Mermista says: "..."
Mermista says: "Pass."
Bow says: "Wha--?!"
Bow says: "!"
Mermista says: "I'll be She-Ra."
Adora says: "You can't be She-Ra."
Adora says: "I'm She-Ra."
Mermista says: "Not anymore."
Mermista says: "Uh, wow, rude much?"
Scene transition to wall of the Horde outpost.
Lonnie holds a beeping tablet.
Lonnie says: "Alert Force Captain Scorpia."
Lonnie says: "We've got a princess problem."
Rebellion camp, tent.
Glimmer says: "I admit, I got a little carried away."
Glimmer says: "But the rest of my plan could work."
Adora says: "Except that you're not taking the biggest variable into account: Catra."
Glimmer says: "And I've already thought of that."
Scene transition to Glimmer's view of the plan.
Glimmer says: "I knew destroying the bots would lure her out."
She-Ra says: "This is how you see Catra?"
Bow says: "Yeah, this seems a little off."
She-Ra says: "A little?"
Glimmer's Catra says: "You fell into my trap."
Glimmer's Catra says: "I've armed the tower with a bomb, capable of taking out my greatest enemy-- you."
Glimmer says: "Do you expect us to just sit here?!"
Glimmer says: "!"
Perfuma chuckles and bursts in.
Perfuma says: "I cast Giant Flytrap on Catra!"
A giant flytrap plant comes out behind Catra and growls, closing in; Catra shrieks and jumps out of the way; Glimmer teleports; She-Ra gasps a 'whoa' and moves; Bow sobs and takes it, the flytrap's jaws clamping shut.
Scene transitions back to reality.
Perfuma says: "Oops, sorry Bow."
Glimmer says: "Ugh!"
Glimmer says: "What are you doing here?"
Frosta says: "Mermista said you were playing a battle game."
Frosta says: "We wanna join!"
Adora says: "We are in the middle of a very serious planning session."
Perfuma says: "We have lots of ideas for plans!"
Glimmer says: "Aren't you on watch right now?!"
Glimmer says: "!"
Frosta says: "I'm sitting next to Glimmer!"
Bow says: "What does that flytrap normally eat?"
Frosta says: "I have amazing ideas, starting with we PUNCH them!"
Mermista says: "Anyone else hungry?"
Mermista says: "I am hungry."
Adora grunts lightly in nervous discomfort.
Horde outpost, on the wall.
Rogelio holds a tiny bot in his hand.
Scorpia says: "Spy Bot, the mission is simple, I need you to spy on the princesses so I can stop them, and impress Catra so much she'll finally admit we're best friends, or at the very least, we have a bond that can never be broken."
Scorpia says: "You got that?"
Lonnie says: "Uh, it's not turned on, and, um, that's not how it works."
Scorpia says: "Good, good!"
Scorpia says: "Yeah, I was just testing you on whether you knew how to do--that, and..."
Scorpia says: "you passed, so..."
Scorpia says: "kudos."
Scorpia says: "Now, let's go spy!"
Lonnie clears her throat and hands Scorpia the control remote; Scorpia taps it once with her claw and Lonnie quickly presses a button that beeps; the bot powers up with whirs and beeps and turns in Rogelio's hand; it registers Scorpia through its eye.
Scorpia says: "--Spying."
Scorpia says: "Yes."
Scorpia says: "That is the thing..."
Scorpia says: "that we are."
Scorpia says: "Doing."
Scorpia grunts in contemplation, and taps at the remote with a claw; the bot whirs without doing anything; she taps at the remote furiously, still not pressing any buttons; suddenly, she almost drops the remote and juggles it, grunting in surprise; she groans lightly in distress.
Scorpia says: "Second test..."
Lonnie says: "Do you want me to drive the Spy Bot?"
Scorpia says: "Yes, please."
Rebellion camp, tent.
Bow says: "Okay, everyone has a figure, except Perfuma who's using her plant, and Mermista who has..."
Bow says: "that for some reason."
Mermista says: "Says the guy with a bag of dolls."
Bow says: "They're war-table battle figures!"
Bow says: "Hold on."
Bow says: "So far I have been shot, eaten, and squashed."
Bow says: "We're doing my plan."
Bow says: "And there will be no death, no dying, just heroic good times."
Scene transition to Bow's view of the plan; scene is artistically similar to 80's She-Ra in terms of costumes, scenery, sound effects, and Catra's character.
The rest of the crew appear behind him.
Perfuma says: "Ooh, we all get hats!"
Mermista says: "Ugh..."
Bow says: "..."
Bow says: "Catra."
Bow's Catra says: "purrrfect plan."
Adora says: "What??"
Glimmer says: "This is kind of amazing..."
Bow says: "It looks like I've got you meow, evil doer!"
Bow's Catra says: "I'd paws to reflect on your upcoming death if I were mew."
Bow says: "I don't know, I'm feline pretty good right now."
Adora says: "Ooh, stop."
Adora says: "You gotta stop."
Mermista says: "Now we're all hoping this plan kills us."
Frosta says: "Wait, she can do that?!"
Frosta says: "!"
Bow says: "..."
Bow says: "Also, the Horde has dragons because I did not make enough robots."
Dragon roars.
Bow says: "Not to worry, I'll shoot her with my net arrow!"
The arrow misses Catra as she ducks and caterwauls in surprise; the arrows ricochets off the walls with a comedic bounce sound effect.
Scene transitions back to reality.
Tiny Bow figurine clatters over on the table and a plastic net falls on top of him.
Bow says: "Oh, come on!"
Adora says: "She would obviously duck."
Adora says: "You can't underestimate Catra or the Horde."
Adora says: "..."
Perfuma says: "Is it my turn?"
Adora says: "This isn't a GAME."
Perfuma says: "I use my magic to grow a Plant Golem to take down the tower!"
Bow's hand raises and the scene transitions to reality.
Bow says: "If it's made out of plants, how does it roar?"
Perfuma says: "It's plant magic!"
Adora says: "Perfuma, we're not just making up whatever we want."
Mermista says: "Plus, your idea is dumb."
Perfuma says: "And what would you do?"
Scene transition to Mermista's view of the plan.
Horde soldiers grunt, shaking their heads after being hit with Perfuma's golem; the soldiers gasp at Mermista, now riding a wave of water above the wall.
A dolphin whinnies and passes by to transition out of Mermista's view of the plan.
Mermista says: "Then it's like sparkle, sparkle, dolphin, sparkle."
Adora says: "Mermista..."
Mermista says: "I get shoes that are slightly better than my normal shoes, there's probably another dolphin..."
Adora says: "Mermista!"
Mermista says: "Then, like, I twirl and my hair does this thing  where it looks all messy, but it's actually, like, really super-beautiful..."
Adora says: "You can't transform into She-Ra!"
Perfuma says: "No, i-i-if-if she gets to be Sea-Ra, I get to have a Plant Golem."
Frosta says: "The Winter's Bane needs no help from a plant..."
Adora says: "The what?!"
Adora says: "!"
Scene transition to Frosta's view of the plan.
A winter wind blows through the wall of the outpost; snow begins to fall; soldiers are all frozen in different forms of running away.
Frosta says: "That is, if I had any."
Frosta says: "But no one comes close to the Winter's Bane!"
Frosta, armored in ice completely, artistically styled differently with one eye closed, stands in a hole made in the wall of the outpost; her sword makes a metallic shing.
An explosion happens behind her and transitions out of Frosta's view of the plan.
Frosta says: "and her finishing move is: the Snowstrike!"
Mermista says: "What's that pink blob next to her?"
Frosta says: "Her sidekick: Glimmer."
Glimmer says: "What?!"
Glimmer says: "!"
Adora says: "We're getting so far from the real plan."
Adora says: "Can we please focus?!"
Adora says: "!"
Glimmer says: "Yeah."
Glimmer says: "Focus on how I'm not a sidekick!"
The group continues to discuss now over each other in a cacophony as the Spy Bot walks up and whirs; it makes its way into the tent and whirs as its lens registers the inside.
Horde outpost, atop the wall.
Lonnie, Scorpia, Kyle, and Rogelio stand huddled in front of the Spy Bot's remote.
Lonnie says: "We've got visual."
Lonnie says: "Turning on the audio."
On the remote's screen.
Perfuma says: "My army of Plant Golems will take down the tower instantly!"
Frosta says: "Frostbite uses Snowstrike to encase the tower in ice and then crack it apart..."
Frosta says: "KAPOW!"
Mermista says: "Uh, you mean Sea-Ra will use the Trident of Power to blow it up."
Glimmer says: "You don't have a Trident of Power!"
Mermista says: "Bow, make me a Trident of Power."
Bow says: "I just don't wanna die again..."
Scorpia says: "I can't believe it..."
Lonnie says: "Me either."
Scorpia says: "And Bow's got a Trident of Power?!"
Scorpia says: "!"
Scorpia says: "Who knows what that does!"
Scorpia says: "Oh, we're doomed!"
Lonnie says: "Ugh, they're obviously just coming up with ideas."
Lonnie says: "Terrible ideas!"
Scorpia says: "We cannot risk it."
Scorpia thrusts herself between Lonnie and Rogelio, causing Rogelio to squeal in surprise; she reaches for the remote in Lonnie's hands.
Scorpia says: "Get in closer!"
Lonnie says: "Hey!"
Lonnie says: "Get off of me!"
Mermista says: "Maybe we should throw Bow over the wall..."
Bow says: "Maybe we should throw everyone else over the wall!"
Mermista uncaps a drink with a grunt and the liquid spews out and drops onto the robot; it sparks with electricity and whirs in malfunction; it scurries out of the tent and whirs as it powers down.
Scene transition back to the Horde outpost where Lonnie is now on Scorpia's back as they look at the remote's screen in Scorpia's claws.
Scorpia says: "Nooo!"
Scorpia says: "Kyle, go grab one of the other Spy Bots you packed!"
Kyle says: "Mm-hmm, mm-hmm."
Kyle says: "Was that my job?"
Scorpia says: "Really, Kyle?"
Scorpia says: "I don't know how you haven't been fired."
Lonnie says: "Kyle!"
Rebellion camp, inside the tent.
This scene has a lot of back and forth between each individual's plan and reality where Adora becomes increasingly more agitated.
Glimmer's view of the plan.
Reality.
Adora says: "And run out of teleports."
Perfuma's view.
Perfuma says: "My Plant Golem tears down the wall!"
Reality.
Adora says: "The Horde will set it on fire."
Frosta's view.
Frosta says: "Frostbite smashes the wall!"
Reality.
Adora says: "The ice armor cracks as soon as you hit stone."
Mermista's view.
Mermista says: "Sea-Ra destroy's the Horde bots!"
Reality.
Adora says: "There is no Sea-Ra, and you guys aren't taking Catra into account!"
Perfuma says: "Oh, sure we are, see?"
Perfuma's Catra says: "I have a lot of negative things to say, and I hate flowers."
Frosta's Catra says: "I love ruining parties!"
Glimmer's Catra says: "I'm a monster!"
Bow's Catra says: "--purr-fectly evil group!"
Bow's Catra meows and Glimmer's Catra laughs while She-Ra shrugs out from underneath all of them and shouts "No!".
Back to reality.
Adora says: "None of this is right!"
Everyone groans tiredly.
Glimmer says: "It's time we attack!"
Adora says: "The Horde will counter whatever we throw at them."
Adora says: "We're gonna go again, and we're not gonna leave until we have a perfect plan."
Bow says: "..."
Bow says: "Adora, isn't this all going a little overboard?"
Bow says: "I mean, we've faced the Horde before."
Bow says: "What's the worst that could happen?"
Adora puts her hands to her head.
Adora says: "The Horde nearly destroyed Etheria."
Adora says: "We were barely able to stop it."
Adora says: "If this plan isn't perfect..."
Glimmer says: "Adora..."
Glimmer says: "I was captured by Shadow Weaver, taken to the Fright Zone, and lost my powers."
Bow says: "Glimmer, not helping..."
Glimmer says: "But you know what?"
Glimmer says: "We escaped."
Glimmer says: "I fought without my powers..."
Glimmer says: "and we won!"
Glimmer says: "Bad things are going to happen."
Glimmer says: "That's life."
Glimmer says: "You can let it paralyze you..."
Glimmer says: "or you can roll with it."
Glimmer says: "Figure out the things you can..."
Glimmer says: "and,  trust that your friends have your back for the rest."
Bow says: "You've got this Adora."
Perfuma says: "I cast friendship and support on my next turn."
Mermista says: "Here."
Mermista says: "This is my Trident of Power."
Mermista says: "I want you to have it, especially since Bow is making me a new one."
Bow says: "I didn't agree to that!"
Mermista says: "You will."
Frosta says: "The Winter's Bane stands with you!"
Frosta says: "Also--me--Frosta--stands with you--I--can't tell if we're still in character, or not..."
Adora says: "Thank you."
Bow says: "So..."
Bow says: "What do we do now?"
Adora says: "..."
Adora says: "For the Honor of Grayskull!"
She-Ra Transformation.
She-Ra says: "Let's go."
Horde outpost.
Horde flag flaps in the wind.
Lonnie says: "We've added more bots to the tower's weak points."
Lonnie says: "Kyle is..."
Lonnie says: "hiding somewhere, and Rogelio is commanding the extra turrets."
Lonnie says: "We've reinforced our defenses."
Lonnie says: "We got this."
Scorpia says: "Okay."
Scorpia says: "Good."
Scorpia says: "Thanks, Lonnie."
Scorpia says: "..."
Scorpia says: "Who's Rogelio?"
Lonnie says: "Rogelio..."
Lonnie says: "The lizard guy..."
Scorpia says: "Oh, right."
Scorpia says: "Yeah, I wondered what his deal was..."
Both Scorpia and Lonnie gasp as a tremendous thud sounds nearby, along with a roaring sound.
The Plant Golem's hands spew vine magic down the wall and out to chase soldiers as it pulls its head over the wall as Perfuma rides it.
Scorpia says: "F-f-fire!"
The turrets blast beams at the golem and Perfuma grunts; the turrets get blasted with a wave of ice magic.
Perfuma says: "Yay, Frosta!"
Frosta says: "Snow..."
Frosta says: "strike!"
The bots are pushed off the wall until Frosta sees the last one, punches her hand in preparedness, and then finishes it, grunting; she notices her ice on that hand is missing and makes a new gauntlet from the water that flows down to it.
Frosta says: "Thanks, Mermista."
Arrows hit the turrets and they explode; Bow grunts as he jumps down; Glimmer teleports next to him and the rest of the crew.
They all shout at relatively the same time after She-Ra.
She-Ra says: "Charge!"
Mermista says: "I am Sea-Ra!"
Perfuma says: "Plant magic!"
Frosta says: "The Winter's Bane!"
Horde soldiers scream and run away past Lonnie who gasps at the incoming wave of water; she shouts and grunts as she's carried away; She-Ra runs on the upper wall.
She-Ra says: "It's over, Catra."
She-Ra says: "You've lost."
Scorpia says: "Catra's not here."
Scorpia says: "But I'm happy to take you down for her."
Glimmer grunts as she throws a soldier back; she swats another with her staff, then teleports behind another to kick them; Kyle shouts as he runs at Glimmer with a charged stun baton; a net flies around him and grunts on the ground.
Glimmer says: "Bow!"
Glimmer teleports behind Rogelio manning the turret and teleports him mid-air over the pass's river, at which he falls squealing and she teleports away; she pants with fatigue as she sees She-Ra fighting Scorpia on the other wall, grunting and shouting; she grunts as she teleports over.
She-Ra says: "Catra's really not here?"
She-Ra says: "..."
She-Ra says: "And she left you in charge?"
Scorpia says: "Yes!"
Scorpia says: "Why do people keep acting surprised about that?"
Scorpia pushes She-Ra back and She-Ra swings at her head and misses; She-Ra slides her foot back and drives the sword down, but Scorpia catches her arm in her claw with a metallic clang as her claw hits the gauntlet; She-Ra grunts as the sword is twisted out of her hand, then yelps as she is thrown by Scorpia on her back; Scorpia grunts as a burst of glitter magic hits the back of her head, at which she turns and gasps lightly; Glimmer shouts as she charges and swats at Scorpia, clanging the staff against her tail; Scorpia's tail encircles the staff and Glimmer screams as she is disarmed and spun to the ground; Glimmer gasps lightly as she is drug and then hung by one claw over the edge of the cliff; She-Ra sits up and gasps in alarm.
Scorpia says: "Bup, bup, bup!"
Scorpia says: "You stay where you are."
Scorpia says: "Or we'll find out if Sparkles here has enough magic to land on her feet."
She-Ra says: "Glimmer?"
She-Ra says: "Are you okay?"
Glimmer says: "Also, it's your turn now because I'm completely out of magic."
Scorpia splashes into the river below where Lonnie, Kyle, and Rogelio wait in a skiff on the shore; she grunts as she surfaces; the Horde flag comes down in a flourish and the Alliance cheers on top of the wall.
Bow says: "That."
Bow says: "Was."
Bow says: "Awesome!"
Glimmer says: "Good planning session."
She-Ra says: "Thanks, guys."
Scorpia says: "All in favor of blaming this on Kyle?"
Lonnie says: "Oh, yeah."
Scorpia says: "Yep."
Scorpia says: "Yeah, that's unanimous."
Kyle says: "Oh, man."
Credits Roll.