Space, outside the Velvet Glove.
Darla's engine whirs as it speeds toward Horde Prime's flagship; Adora sits in the captain's chair as the ship rumbles against turbulence, an alarm beeps, and status messages glitch in front of her.
Darla's Interface says: "Alert."
Darla's Interface says: "We are being pulled in by an outside force."
Darla is pulled in to Horde Prime's ship, where it lands with a thump; an energy barrier thrums closed behind the ship. Darla’s hatch whooshes open and a ramp thuds when connected to the ground. Adora appears, arms up in surrender, and walks slowly toward the clones. She grunts as they grab her; clones walk into Darla to search the ship.
Adora says: "You won't find anything; I came alone."
Adora says: "I hear Horde Prime's been looking for me."
Adora says: "Figured it was time we met."
The two clones on Darla walk back up empty handed.
Clone says: "Yes."
Clone says: "You will be brought before Prime."
Clone says: "And there you will receive your judgement."
Adora grunts when the clones holding her push her forward; they walk away, just as Entrapta, Bow, and Glimmer fall out of the back of Darla, grunting when they hit the ground.
Entrapta says: "Spacesuit testing officially a success."
Entrapta says: "All suits stood up to ship's velocity  with zero loss of life."
Glimmer says: "Wait, what?"
Glimmer says: "That was a possibility?"
Bow says: "They didn't find us."
Adora says: "Good."
Adora says: "Be quick, and don't get caught."
Opening theme.
Hallway, Horde Prime's ship.
Glimmer breathes softly as she peers around a corner.
Glimmer says: "Okay, everyone, sound off."
Glimmer says: "I'm heading to Horde Prime's holding cell to get Catra."
Bow says: "And Entrapta and I are going to hack into the ship's server and download any intel about Prime's weak points."
Scene transition back to Glimmer.
Glimmer says: "Look for a room with a lot of glowing tech in it."
Glimmer says: "I remember them taking me past it when--when they took me to..."
Glimmer says: "That has to be the server."
Entrapta says: "--okay."
Entrapta says: "To the server room!"
Scene transition to Adora being escorted by clones in a different hallway.
Adora says: "Okay, uh--everyone, just be careful."
Clones standing beside a large energy field doorway palm it, causing it to hum as it ripples open.
Clone says: "You will go alone."
Bow says: "You've got this, Adora."
over the radio says: "You've got this, Adora."
Bow says: "Keep him talking."
over the radio says: "Keep him talking."
Glimmer says: "Knowing him, that is not going to be a problem."
over the radio says: "Knowing him, that is not going to be a problem."
Adora breathes out as she begins to walk over a singular platform; the room's ambiance is a constant low humming of voices in a choir; Adora steps to Prime's throne.
Adora says: "Prime."
A clone steps aside to reveal Prime sitting and in-taking a green fluid through tubes which gurgles.
Horde Prime says: "Welcome..."
Horde Prime says: "Adora."
Hallway, Horde Prime's ship.
Glimmer walks into an intersection of halls; she sighs anxiously, then continues to walk, huffing and panting increasingly nervously, starting to hyperventilate.
Bow says: "You okay?"
over the radio says: "You okay?"
Glimmer says: "What?"
Glimmer says: "You worried about me?"
over the radio says: "You worried about me?"
Bow says: "Maybe."
Bow says: "Just..."
Scene transition back to Glimmer.
Bow says: "..."
over the radio says: "..."
Bow says: "Be careful, okay?"
over the radio says: "Be careful, okay?"
Glimmer says: "Yeah."
Scene transition back to Bow and Entrapta.
Glimmer says: "You too."
over the radio says: "You too."
Entrapta says: "Where are the vents?"
Entrapta says: "How does anyone get around in this place?"
Two clones begin to walk around the corner.
Both run and pant, before Bow cuts around a different corner and yanks Entrapta, grunting, with him; they peer around the corner as the two clones approach, causing Bow to gasp and cover Entrapta's mouth as she grunts; Entrapta hums a squeak when she spots a glowing entrance-way.
Entrapta says: "That must be the server room."
She lifts them both on her hair and walks them toward the room; she drops Bow, who thuds on the floor and grunts; Bow gasps at the sight of two clones and many more encased in hollow, egg-shaped pods filled with a green liquid, as Entrapta whimpers in excitement, echoing.
Bow says: "inspectors?"
One clone closes the door behind them in a hum, and then both snarl as they charge at Bow and Entrapta; Entrapta and Bow scream as Bow readies an arrow.
Horde Prime's throne room.
Horde Prime says: "Forgive my unseemly state."
Horde Prime says: "It is a tedious task,  but a necessary one to maintain this vessel."
Adora says: "only She-Ra can activate: The Heart of Etheria."
Adora says: "And if you don't do what I say, then I'll use it..."
Adora says: "and destroy you and your empire for good."
A fluid tube squirts and drips as a clone detaches it from Horde Prime; Horde Prime's eyes squelch as he looks at Adora with all four eyes; he then laughs long as the monitors behind him hum high-pitched.
Adora says: "Is..."
Adora says: "is something funny?"
Horde Prime says: "You are not going to use the weapon, or you would have already done so."
Horde Prime says: "You would never risk the safety of your Catra."
Adora says: "You don't know me."
Adora says: "And you don't know what I'm capable of."
Horde Prime says: "Oh..."
Horde Prime says: "but I do."
A hum whirs powering-down as the clones detach the tubes from Horde Prime's neck; more tubes pull free and hiss with steam.
Horde Prime says: "are you not, Adora?"
Bow says: "Whoa!"
A clone grunts as Bow snares him with a net arrow, then he grunts when he jumps and fires an explosive arrow at the other clone who charges and shouts; Entrapta whimpers and runs to the energy door.
Entrapta says: "Oh, come on, baby, come on!"
Entrapta glances back to see another clone in an open pod as Bow and the other clone fight, grunting.
Bow fires an arrow whistling at the other clone, who grunts as he is covered in goo and splashes into a pool of green liquid in the center of the room; Bow pauses before he looks at Entrapta.
Bow says: "Entrapta, no!"
Bow says: "What are you doing?!"
Bow says: "!"
Entrapta says: "Do you..."
Entrapta says: "."
Entrapta says: "recognize me?"
The clone is silent, then grunts, teeth clenched, and Entrapta whimpers; the clone shouts angrily and grabs Entrapta's hair, causing her to scream; the clone extends to far, causing the cables attached to him to detach and zap with electricity as Entrapta grunts in distress.
Entrapta says: "Well that's definitely not Hordak, so we can cross that one off our list."
Bow says: "I wasn't aware that we had a list!"
Clone says: "I am alone..."
Entrapta says: "Uh-oh..."
Entrapta says: "We broke him."
Clone says: "Horde Prime."
Clone says: "How will he see my thoughts?"
Clone says: "How will he know that I am faithful?"
Bow says: "O-okay, buddy?"
Clone says: "You..."
Clone says: "you will tell him?"
Bow says: "Uh..."
Bow says: "sure?"
Clone says: "You..."
Clone says: "know Horde Prime?"
Bow runs and grabs Entrapta's hand, she grunts as she's yanked up and running; Bow pants as they run, then grunts as he bumps into the clone.
Clone says: "Please..."
Clone says: "let me accompany you and prove myself worthy to Horde Prime."
Entrapta says: "Can you open this door?"
The clone places his hand on the energy door and it opens in a hum; Entrapta places her hands together and happily squeals slightly.
Bow says: "We're not keeping him."
Entrapta says: "Plus, he can open doors..."
Bow says: "Can you..."
Bow says: "take us to the server room?"
Clone says: "I would be honored to serve one who is a beloved of Horde Prime."
Bow says: "All right, then, Wrong Hordak."
Bow says: "Lead the way."
Wrong Hordak groans, and falls into Bow, pointing.
Bow says: "Or..."
Bow says: "point and..."
Bow says: "I'll just keep dragging you."
Bow says: "That's fine, too."
Hallway, Horde Prime's ship.
Glimmer places her hand on an energy door, and she gasps when it reveals the empty containment cell.
Glimmer says: "Guys, I found the cell, but..."
Glimmer says: "Catra's not here."
Glimmer says: "What do we do?"
Radio shrieks and buzzes with static.
Glimmer says: "Bow?"
Glimmer says: "Entrapta?"
Glimmer says: "..."
Glimmer says: "Adora?!"
Glimmer says: "!"
Horde Prime says: "I thought the First Ones were all gone, but clearly..."
Horde Prime says: "some faction remains."
Horde Prime says: "That race of tyrants..."
Horde Prime says: "abandoned you on a forgotten planet in a shadow dimension."
Horde Prime says: "They made you their weapon, their..."
Horde Prime says: "She-Ra."
Adora says: "I don't fight for the First Ones."
Adora says: "I fight for my home, for myself, and for my friends."
Adora says: "Now for the last time: where is Catra?"
Catra says: "Adora?"
off-screen says: "Adora?"
Adora says: "Catra?"
Adora says: "Where are you?"
Horde Prime says: "Of course."
Horde Prime says: "Your Catra."
Horde Prime says: "She hoped you would come for her..."
Horde Prime says: "poor thing."
Horde Prime says: "So all I had to was wait."
Horde Prime says: "As she would've said, "You are so very predictable."
Horde Prime says: ""..."
Horde Prime says: "Come here, child."
Two clones and a third figure step up the stairs behind Adora; the third figure slips back a hood to reveal a Chipped Catra, hair cut short and fully green eyes; Chipped Catra always speaks in an unnaturally blissful and passive way.
Chipped Catra says: "Hello, Adora."
Hallway, Horde Prime's ship.
Bow says: "Come on, Wrong Hordak."
Bow says: "Any clue where the server room is yet?"
Wrong Hordak says: "Forgive me, brother."
Wrong Hordak says: "The ship is designed so that it may only be navigated by one who has access to the hive-mind."
Wrong Hordak says: "..."
Wrong Hordak says: "And I have been cut-off..."
Entrapta says: "There's something in here!"
Entrapta says: "A big energy signal, this has to be it!"
Wrong Hordak's hand is used by Entrapta to open an energy door that hums disappearing; Bow gasps as they gaze at a room with a large spire; the door behind them closes with a hum.
Bow says: "Adora..."
Bow says: "?"
Chipped Catra walks to the foot of the throne, getting on her knees and bowing.
Horde Prime says: "I have made her anew."
Horde Prime says: "I saw her mind..."
Horde Prime says: "little sister?"
Adora says: "Catra, you have to fight it!"
Chipped Catra says: "My place is with Horde Prime, Adora."
Chipped Catra says: "I don't want to leave."
Horde Prime says: "Tell her what I've done for you."
Chipped Catra says: "You could be happy, too."
Adora says: "Let her go."
A whooshing, almost whispering of voices, happens, then Horde Prime places a hand on Catra's shoulder and she gasps.
Horde Prime says: "Shall we make a deal, Adora?"
Horde Prime says: "I will give her to you, if..."
Horde Prime says: "you want her..."
Horde Prime says: "But first, you must do something for me."
Horde Prime says: "You..."
Horde Prime says: "will give me She-Ra."
Adora says: "Never."
Horde Prime says: "Very well."
A high pitched hum, then electricity zaps, static buzzes, and a high-pitched feedback happens in Adora's in-ear radio; Adora grunts in pain, and Glimmer, Entrapta, and Bow cry out.
Clones open the door to Bow and Entrapta in a hum; Glimmer grunts in pain and her radio clatters when she throws it; she notices clones approaching, so she opens the energy door behind her in a hum and gasps at Horde Prime's trophy room; she pants and runs in.
Adora grunts in pain, her radio falling and clattering out of her ear, and Horde Prime smashes it with a crack.
Horde Prime says: "You miscalculated."
Adora gasps.
Horde Prime says: "Go on, fulfill your purpose."
Horde Prime says: "Bring out She-Ra, and strike me down."
Adora breathes out heavily, almost sobbing.
Horde Prime says: "but you two must have a lot of catching up to do."
Horde Prime says: "I will leave you to it."
Horde Prime says: "Let me know when you're ready to make a deal."
Horde Prime and his clones walk away, an energy door hums open; Chipped Catra's fist clenches, then her claws elongate, making a shing noise.
Horde Prime's trophy room.
Clones search the room, walking about; Glimmer pants, hiding, then gasps when she spots a staff hanging on the wall; a clone grunts and thuds on the ground.
Glimmer says: "Hey."
Glimmer says: "Remember me?"
Scene transition back to Horde Prime's throne room.
Adora shouts in pain as Chipped Catra punches her; Adora dodges and attempts to restrain Catra/stop Catra from fighting her, kicking her away, grunting and shouting; Chipped Catra's claws shing as she tries to swipe, but Adora grabs her arm.
Adora says: "I'm not leaving without you."
Chipped Catra strains at the hold, a sound like leather being stretched; Chipped Catra half-laughs.
Chipped Catra's arm bones crack, twisting unnaturally in Adora's hold; Adora groans in pain and shouts as Chipped Catra uses her other hand to claw her leg, ripping the fabric.
Chipped Catra says: "Adora."
Chipped Catra says: "Come into the light with me."
Adora yells as she grabs Catra and throws her from behind herself, Catra half-somersaulting and slamming her chip against the dais of Horde Prime's throne, grunting; Chipped Catra laughs, almost maniacally.
Adora says: "Snap out of it, Catra."
Adora says: "I don't want to hurt you..."
Chipped Catra says: "He will set us all free..."
Chipped Catra says: "forever."
Chipped Catra says: "A world of peace, without end."
Silence as Adora stares at Catra in horrified and sad disbelief; Chipped Catra then lunges at Adora, who dodges her punch, then punches back, connecting, grunting; Chipped Catra returns the punch and continues swiping at her while Adora grabs her arms, grunting with effort, and throws her backward toward the edge of the platform.
Adora says: "Catra!"
Chipped Catra notices the ledge, then laughs, stepping backward; Adora gasps and shouts, lunging to grab her; Adora pants and hums in relief as she pulls Catra back and embraces her; Adora groans in pain as Chipped Catra rips the back of her jacket.
Horde Prime says: "Oh, Adora..."
Chipped Catra says: "Oh, Adora..."
Horde Prime says: "How long will you drag this out?"
Chipped Catra says: "How long will you drag this out?"
Horde Prime says: "You will destroy the ones you love in the process."
Chipped Catra says: "You will destroy the ones you love in the process."
Chipped Catra knees Adora in the stomach, Adora groans in pain; Chipped Catra grabs Adora's collar and holds her over the edge of the platform.
Horde Prime's server room.
Entrapta says: "It's like a neural network, branching off in every possible direction in a three-dimensional configuration."
Bow says: "What does that mean?"
Entrapta says: "It means it's gonna take a lot longer to decipher than I thought!"
Bow says: "We have to get out of here!"
Bow says: "Whoa!"
Wrong Hordak says: "Brothers, why do you attack?"
Wrong Hordak says: "We serve Horde Prime's will."
Bow grunts as he thuds to the ground, then gasps at the clone pointing an arrow at him.
Clone grunts as he hits the ground; Bow gasps lightly as he looks up.
Glimmer says: "I always hated that guy in particular."
Glimmer says: "And also, all the other guys I hit on the way in."
Bow says: "Glimmer!"
Both laugh; Clones begin to get up from the floor and crawl toward them; Glimmer whimpers and they back away, then both scream as one closer to them gets up; the clone shouts angrily and Glimmer grunts, kicking him away.
Glimmer says: "We have to get out of here!"
Entrapta says: "But I haven't finished yet!"
Glimmer says: "There's no time."
Glimmer says: "We might not be able to hack him,  but we can still make him hurt."
Glimmer yells as she runs for the console, stabbing her staff into it; the console zaps with electricity, sending sparking and crackling waves up the server tower.
Glimmer says: "Let's go!"
They all run out as several areas in the server room explode.
Horde Prime's throne room.
Pebbles scrape as Adora shuffles her feet to stay on the edge of the platform.
Horde Prime says: "Adora?"
Chipped Catra says: "Adora?"
Adora grabs onto Catra's arm and screams, pushing them back onto the platform; Adora slams Catra into the monitors with a glass-cracking noise, and Catra's chip sparks and crackles with electricity; Chipped Catra laughs hysterically, then voices whoosh and whisper as Catra's eyes return to normal for a moment; Catra gasps as the voices whoosh again and her eyes turn back to green; Adora gasps softly; a large tremor booms and the room shakes, rubble falling, causing the monitors to beep and glitch out.
Adora says: "I am not giving up on you, Catra!"
Adora says: "No!"
Catra says: "Adora..."
Catra says: "you should have stayed away."
Catra says: "Why did you come back?"
Catra says: "We both know I don't matter..."
Adora says: "You matter to me."
Catra smiles and half-sobs, then gasps as voices whoosh, her eyes turning back to green and pulling Adora's hand away; Chipped Catra slaps Adora, causing her to grunt; Catra walks toward the ledge, then cries out in pain as the chip sparks with electricity.
Adora says: "Come on, Catra!"
Adora says: "You've never listened to anyone in your life!"
Adora says: "Are you really going to start now?!"
Adora says: "!"
The chip sparks and voices whoosh as Catra's eyes turn back to normal.
Catra says: "You're such an idiot..."
Adora says: "Yeah..."
Adora says: "I know..."
Catra laughs, then the voices whoosh as she hugs herself.
Adora says: "I'm going to take you home."
Catra says: "..."
Catra says: "Promise?"
Adora says: "I promise!"
Before Catra can touch Adora, voices whoosh and Catra's hand retracts, bones cracking and she painfully groans, then whimpers; Chipped Catra stands straight, bones cracking.
Horde Prime says: "Disappointing."
Chipped Catra says: "Disappointing."
Horde Prime says: "Some creatures are destined only for destruction."
Chipped Catra says: "Some creatures are destined only for destruction."
Catra's eyes return to normal, then she screams as her chip zaps with electricity; she falls backward.
Adora says: "No!"
Adora grunts as she reaches the edge and watches Catra's form as she falls; Adora breathes out, determined, then grunts as she jumps over the edge.
Horde Prime's throne room, ground level.
Adora groans as she opens her eyes; she grunts as she touches her head, then gasps when she sees Catra laying nearby; she stands, only to thud to the ground and grunt; she pants as she crawls to Catra.
Adora says: "Catra?"
Adora says: "It's okay..."
Adora says: "I'm here."
Catra breathes softly, weakly; Adora begins to pant, half-sobbing, embracing Catra closer; clones surround the pair.
Horde Prime possessed Clone says: "I am sorry for the needless waste, Adora."
Horde Prime possessed Clone says: "It did not have to be like this."
Horde Prime possessed Clone says: "Are you ready to cooperate?"
Adora's hand shakily straightens at the back of Catra's head, then she lowers Catra away from herself; she opens her eyes to reveal a blue magical glow, an energy field whooshing and humming around her; she stands, holding Catra limply in one arm.
Adora says: "..."
Adora says: "For the honor..."
Adora says: "of..."
Adora says: "GRAYSKULL!"
She-Ra's sword materializes in her hand magically, a light shinging up the sword; a bright light shines, and She-Ra's form reveals itself from a starry silhouette; Catra breathes lightly in She-Ra's hold; She-Ra tosses Catra lightly onto her shoulder, then swipes her sword at the clones, sending a wave of magical energy that knocks them backward, grunting; she elbows another clone, kicks another, flipping off him, and then blasts the possessed one with a magical beam from the sword; the voices whisper and whoosh as the clone's eyes glare up at She-Ra.
Scene transitions to Horde Prime standing in front of a monitor showing She-Ra.
She-Ra says: "You miscalculated."
The monitor glitches, then crackles with electricity, turning to static, and finally shutting off with a whir; Horde Prime clenches his fist.
Horde Prime's ship, hallway.
The ship rumbles as dust and rubble fall from the ceiling; Bow, Glimmer, Entrapta, and Wrong Hordak being pulled by Entrapta's hair, run and pant through the hall; they halt, clones surrounding them on both sides, Glimmer gasps.
Bow says: "What do we do?"
Entrapta says: "I've got an idea, but you have to promise that you won't be mad that I  100 percent disregarded all those times you told me not to tinker with the ship."
Bow says: "Entrapta, if you get us out of here, you can tinker with the ship as much as you want!"
The ship shakes and rumbles, rubble crashing down; an explosion of dust crashes through the wall; the squad whimpers and braces themselves against falling rubble; as the rubble quiets, Darla's ramp beeps and whirs to thud on the ground.
Entrapta says: "Good girl!"
Glimmer whimpers, looking at the destruction behind Darla.
Bow says: "We need to find Adora and get out of here, now!"
A bright magical light hums behind them, causing them to shield their eyes and gasp; She-Ra appears holding Catra in her arms; She-Ra's form sparkles and glows.
Bow says: "She-Ra..."
Glimmer says: "She's back..."
She-Ra walks to them; clones appear where she came from; She-Ra hands Catra to Bow, and he and Glimmer run into Darla as She-Ra turns to the clones; She-Ra summons her sword in a high-pitched hum, and the clones rush her, snarling; She-Ra carves magical energy with a few swipes in front of her, then yells, expelling the energy and the clones backward as they shout; She-Ra walks away to the ship.
Darla's bridge.
She-Ra walks onto the bridge; Entrapta types away as an alarm beeps continuously.
Darla's interface says: "Shields at 30 percent."
Darla's interface says: "Hull compromised."
Darla's interface says: "Interspace travel not recommended."
She-Ra touches the console and it whirs to life; the bridge hums with power; the interface dings positively.
Darla's interface says: "Administrator detected."
Darla's interface says: "Hello, She-Ra."
She-Ra says: "Hey, Darla."
She-Ra says: "Get us out of here."
Darla's interface says: "Affirmative."
The ship trembles and rubble crashes, sliding off the top as Darla starts up.
She-Ra says: "And Darla?"
She-Ra says: "Make it quick."
Darla crashes through the side of Horde Prime's flagship out into space, and the engines whir as it whizzes away.
She-Ra walks over and kneels next to Catra where Glimmer and Bow have her leaned against their laps on the floor, picking her up into her arms.
She-Ra says: "We're going home."
Catra says: "Hey, Adora..."
Adora sobs happily, embracing Catra tightly; Catra hesitates, surprised, then returns the embrace tightly; Catra purrs as they continue to hug, Adora sobbing lightly.
Horde Prime's ship, hallway.
Clones clean and sort through the rubble; one clone picks up Entrapta's First Ones tech piece she had gifted to Hordak with a metallic shing; the tech shines and reflects the clone's face.
Hordak says: "..."
Hordak says: "En..."
Hordak says: "trapta?"
Credits Roll.