Space, Darla's Hull.
Static hums over the communication line as Bow and Glimmer attempt to contact the Princess Alliance; Adora paces while Catra sits nearby and Wrong Hordak looks on; Entrapta stares at Darla's interface.
Adora says: "Anything yet?"
Bow says: "Adora, I'm trying, but no one's answering."
Bow says: "They're..."
Bow says: "gone."
Bow says: "That's a lot of Horde ships."
Glimmer says: "Why does space hate me so much?!"
Glimmer says: "!"
Adora says: "Magic or no magic, we're going home."
Catra says: "So, your plan is to, what, ram through an armada of ships?"
Adora says: "..."
Adora says: "Maybe!"
Adora says: "We have to try."
Bow says: "Adora, Catra's right."
Bow says: "..."
Bow says: "That felt weird to say."
Bow says: "We barely made it out last time we tangled with Prime."
Bow says: "We need to figure out another way to help our friends."
Bow says: "Catra, you were with him."
Bow says: "Does he have any kind of, I don't know, weakness?"
Catra says: "What, you think he'd tell me?"
Wrong Hordak says: "We do not discuss Horde Prime's weakness."
Adora says: "Uh, wh-huh, so that means, Horde Prime does have a weakness."
Wrong Hordak says: "We do not discuss Horde Prime's weakness."
Wrong Hordak says: "We do not discuss Krytis."
Glimmer says: "What's Krytis?"
Catra has a look of realization and Wrong Hordak's dialogue gets muddled with a deep bass whoosh as she grimaces as she touches the back of her neck.
Wrong Hordak says: "Krytis does not exist, and if it did, we would not discuss it."
Catra gasps and has flashbacks to memories shared with her when she was chipped.
Catra says: "It's a place."
Catra says: "A planet."
Wrong Hordak whimpers nervously as they all stare at him; Entrapta types, keys clacking at the interface.
Entrapta says: "Hmm."
Entrapta says: "There's something here, but it's locked."
Entrapta says: "We need adminstrator clearance to access it."
Adora says: "Darla, show us."
The interface beeps to show a star map.
Entrapta says: ", not too far from us!"
Wrong Hordak says: "In-in-in-incorrect."
Wrong Hordak says: "It is located nowhere, because it does not exist, because Lord Prime destroyed it."
Catra says: "I know what I saw."
Catra says: "Prime's trying to hide something, and it has to do with this planet."
Adora says: "Set course for Krytis."
Opening Theme plays.
New scene.
Krytis, interior cave.
Wind whistles in the atmosphere as the crew walks out into the rocky cave with their spacesuits; they look on at a toppled, aged Horde spire.
Bow says: "Prime was definitely here."
Adora says: "But something made him leave."
The best friend squad walk down the rocky precipice, with Entrapta and Wong Hordak close behind, Wrong Hordak fearfully gripping a tablet as Entrapta guides him with a hair tendril; Catra steps to the edge of the precipice, looking at the spire; she gasps lightly, and touches her neck; realizing what she's done, she quickly whips her hand back to her side and hisses to herself; noticing her tail has bristled out, she smooths it with a grunt and follows the others down the precipice.
The best friend squad along with Catra continue through the cave; Entrapta yelps as she touches a wire and gets shocked as Wrong Hordak looks on; the squad climbs through a door to the Spire that is cracked open and stop in a large open area where dust billows around; Entrapta hops down in front of them and croons in awe, then continues down quickly on her hair tendrils as the others follow behind more slowly; metal scrap clatters around as Entrapta digs through it.
Entrapta says: "This place should have some log of the invasion."
Entrapta says: "Maybe Wrong Hordak can connect to it and tell us what happened here."
Plops the machine WH was carrying down with one tendril and makes WH kneel with the other, plugging in a cable from the spire behind him to his neck outlet as it whirs to life.
Entrapta says: "safe."
Everyone else takes off their helmets except for Catra; Bow looks at her and chuckles.
Catra says: "What?"
Catra says: "She's been wrong before."
Catra says: "A lot, actually."
Bow says: "If my helmet were that adorable, I'd leave it on, too."
Bow says: "Those ears!"
Everyone chuckles at Catra's struggle; finally she gets it off with a rush of air, and everyone's laughter dies except for Adora's who continues to chuckle a little with happy tears in her eyes as Catra looks on, blushing and smiling; Adora sighs as her laughter dies out and Bow and Glimmer glance at each other.
Entrapta says: "I'm picking up a heat signature."
Entrapta says: "There's someone alive on this planet, right here, somewhere in this Spire."
Wrong Hordak says: "I-i-impossible."
Wrong Hordak says: "Prime destroyed all life here on this planet that does not exist."
Adora says: "Well, he missed someone, and we have to find them."
Catra says: "So, wait, the plan is to barge ahead into the structurally unsound building to find some mystery person that we know nothing about, in hopes that they somehow know how to defeat Horde Prime?"
Adora says: "That about sums it up."
Bow says: "Yeah, pretty much."
Catra says: "Honestly, what did I expect."
Bow says: "You know, we were just gonna recklessly blast our way through that blockade until you stopped us."
Bow says: "So this whole thing is basically your idea."
Glimmer says: "Yeah, it's kind of your mission."
Glimmer says: "Catra's first mission, Catra's first mission!"
Bow says: "Catra's first mission, Catra's first mission!"
Catra ducks out from under them and Adora catches her, smirking; Catra blushes.
Catra says: "Ugh, I am going to kill your friends."
Adora says: "Please don't."
New scene.
Etheria, ransacked Rebel encampment.
The remnants of the Princess Alliance inspect the wreckage of the encampment; Swift Wind blusters and paws at the ground while Frosta, Perfuma, Netossa and Sea Hawk look around; Sea Hawk lifts a tent and picks up Mermista's Sea-Ra doll, growing visibly worried; Netossa puts a hand on his shoulder; leaves rustle in the nearby bushes and everyone readies for an attack.
Castaspella says: "What--?"
Castaspella says: "What do you think you're doing?"
Frosta uses an ice platform to rise up and check Casta's neck for a chip; she gives a thumbs-up to let the others know she's clean and then releases her and runs back.
Casta says: "I don't understand how this happened."
Casta says: "Surely this can't be everyone who's left?"
Perfuma says: "We-- We need to find another place to make camp."
Perfuma says: "They know we're here."
Perfuma says: "They could be back at any time."
Casta says: "So, that's it?"
Casta says: "We're going to hide?"
Perfuma says: "invisibility spell."
Shadow Weaver says: "With Micah controlled by Prime, Mystacor is already compromised."
Casta says: "We're wasting time here."
Casta says: "We need to seek out the Horde and get my brother back."
Casta says: "I lost him once, I'm not gonna lose him again."
Shadow Weaver says: "If you want to help Micah, come with me."
Casta says: "You can't seriously think I would ever go anywhere with you."
Shadow Weaver says: "You don't have a plan."
Shadow Weaver says: "I do."
Casta looks back worriedly at the remnants of the alliance as they gather what they could from the wreckage of the camp.
Casta says: "Fine."
Casta says: "But if you try anything, I won't hesitate to strike you down."
Shadow Weaver steps closer and body checks Casta, making her gasp and become nervous, then walks away; Casta follows, glancing back.
New scene.
Krytis, Interior of the Spire.
The Best Friend Squad walks along a hallway; suddenly a figure flashes past in front of Catra and she gasps; she looks back at the other three ahead of her and gasps again at the large blocked doorway in front of them.
Adora says: "That's weird."
Catra says: "Cool."
Catra says: "Maybe this planet chased away Horde Prime with poorly planned architecture."
Entrapta says: "Why'd you stop?"
Entrapta says: "Go through the door right in front of you."
Bow says: "Entrapta..."
Bow says: "there's no door."
Entrapta says: "Well, the schematics show a door right where you're standing."
Entrapta says: "Data never lies."
Wrong Hordak says: "His dominion is just and eternal."
Entrapta says: "I don't know how many times I have to repeat myself: Data never lies!"
Wrong Hordak snorts as tears begin to run down his face and he starts to sob.
Scene transition to the BFS in the hall; Wrong Hordak's bawling causes feedback over the comms, making the squad grimace in pain.
Entrapta says: "Uh..."
Entrapta says: "I mean..."
Entrapta says: "there, there?"
Catra says: "There's your door."
Catra says: "You're welcome."
Bow says: "Uh, we don't know what we're dealing with here."
Bow says: "Maybe you shouldn't just smash stuff."
Catra says: "Do you wanna find whoever is here or not?"
Catra says: "Let's just get this over with."
Adora and Bow glance at each other before continuing; Bow stops at the door and Catra smirks and gestures for him to continue; he frowns and raises an eyebrow as he climbs through and Catra follows; the side of the wall that Catra sliced through glows and whirs with magical energy.
They continue to walk down the hallway, and many spores begin to flow around the space and minerals encase pieces of the metal; Bow stops to inspect a rock with an arrow that changes into a magnifying glass.
Bow says: "It's some sort of mineral growth."
Bow says: "..."
Bow says: "It's eating away at the Spire."
Bow puts away the arrow and walks over to Glimmer, who stares out into the open side of the Spire where many mineral stalagmites formed.
Bow says: "Glimmer?"
Bow says: "You okay?"
Glimmer says: "strange."
Adora says: "Entrapta?"
Entrapta says: "Sorry."
Entrapta says: "Seems Wrong Hordak has begun to question the meaning of life."
The squad grimaces and glances at each other uncomfortably.
Wrong Hordak says: "Who am I if not an exalted brother of Prime?"
Entrapta says: "But don't worry!"
Entrapta says: "I've got it totally under control!"
Bow frowns deeply as Glimmer grimaces and her eye twitches as WH continues to bawl.
Adora says: "Okay, any sign of those life readings?"
Entrapta says: "I'm picking up something on the next level!"
Adora says: "Upstairs."
Adora says: "Let's go."
The squad continues to trek upwards; a spore lands on Catra's nose and she sneezes in a high-pitched way.
Bow says: "Aww."
Bow says: "That's your sneeze?"
Catra says: "What?"
Bow says: "It's just so..."
Bow says: "cute!"
Adora and Glimmer hum and chuckle as Bow continues.
Bow says: "I can't believe the whole time you were trying to kill us, you had the cutest sneeze of all time!"
Bow says: "The angrier you get, the cuter you are!"
Bow chuckles and Catra grunts as she lunges for him and misses, landing a hand on a wall; where her hand lands a glow ripples out; she growls in annoyance and her hand slides into the wall; Catra screams in surprise as she notices.
Adora says: "Catra!"
Catra says: "Get me out of this thing!"
Her hand comes out of the wall with a sploosh and the three of them land on their behinds, grunting; the wall glows and ripples, and spikes begin to shoot out, making the squad scream and run.
Glimmer says: "I think this feeling I had about this place is a bad feeling!"
The spikes continues to stab toward them as they run down the hall; Bow lifts Glimmer through an opening with a grunt, and Adora and Catra leap through with grunts of their own; the spikes close off the opening.
New scene.
Etheria, Whispering Woods.
Shadow Weaver and Castaspella walk through the woods; Casta gets her cape stuck on a tree branch, grunts as she struggles to pull it free, then loses her balance as she yanks it away, but recovers; Casta sighs in relief.
Casta says: "Where are we going?"
Shadow Weaver says: "There's no time, you need to keep up."
Casta says: "You said you had a plan."
Casta says: "The only reason I'm following you is because if anyone would know about mind control, it's you."
Shadow Weaver says: "No."
Shadow Weaver says: "My gifts were always far subtler."
Casta says: "I'm going back."
Shadow Weaver says: "We both know how dangerous he is now that his magic is controlled by the enemy."
Shadow Weaver says: "We won't be able to stop him."
Shadow Weaver says: "He could do irreparable damage to others, and..."
Shadow Weaver says: "to himself."
Casta looks up in realization, then sighs with resignation.
Casta says: "So what is your plan?"
Casta, worried, steels herself and runs to catch up to Shadow Weaver.
New scene.
Krytis, inner spire.
Catra says: "What was that?"
Catra says: "Why did that wall try to eat me?!"
Catra says: "!"
Everyone's eyes are wide with disbelief at the sight of the same entrance to the spire they had seen before entering the long hallway.
Adora says: "Isn't this where we started?"
Growling echoes distantly, and everyone starts with short cries.
Bow says: "You guys hear that, too, right?"
Entrapta says: "The energy signature is just ahead of you."
Entrapta says: "Go through the door on your left."
Adora says: "Door?"
Adora says: "W-what door?"
They look and suddenly there is a door and pathway on their left that wasn't there previously.
Catra says: "We're not really going through that..."
Catra says: "are we?"
Adora says: "let's go."
Adora begins to walk down the path as Glimmer and Bow follow.
Catra says: "Seriously?!"
Catra says: "!"
Catra says: "How have you guys stayed alive this long?"
Entrapta says: "But something on the planet drove him away before he could conquer it."
Entrapta says: "He tried to erase all records of his failure."
Wrong Hordak says: "He..."
Wrong Hordak says: "is not all-powerful."
Adora says: "See?!"
Adora says: "!"
Adora says: "We're on the right path!"
Bow says: "But we have to get out of here first."
Bow says: "And that door still isn't getting any closer."
Entrapta says: "Sorry, what door?"
Catra says: "What do you mean, what door?"
Catra says: "The one you told us to go through."
Entrapta says: "That wasn't me."
Entrapta says: "This is the first time we've talked since the last floor."
Dreadful shock dawns on Catra's face as the group looks back down the path to see the door at the end stretching further and further away.
Catra says: "I knew it!"
Catra says: "I knew this was a terrible plan!"
Catra says: "This place is weird, and unnatural, and we need to get out of here before--!"
Entrapta says: "By the way, who's your new friend?"
Glimmer says: "What are you talking about?"
Glimmer says: "It's just the four of us."
Entrapta says: "Hate to disagree, but there's a definite heat signature, right behind you."
In a different area of that floor, most likely the same one with the spores as before, Catra and the creature reappear, Catra screaming as the momentum causes them to land with her pushing the creature down and her flipping forward and landing with a grunt.
Adora says: "Catra!"
Adora says: "Catra!"
Catra says: "Adora!"
Catra says: "I'm down here!"
Catra looks up and gasps lightly in fear as the creature looms over her; it suddenly shape shifts with a blue light into a large feline-looking quadruped, slamming a foot down and roaring angrily.
Adora says: "I'm coming!"
Catra says: "Hurry."
Bow says: "Adora, what do we do?"
Adora says: "I don't know, just--just nobody move!"
Glimmer looks around at the spikes in uncertain contemplation, then reaches a hand out; the spikes react and move closer to her hand, branching out to form smaller spikes.
Glimmer says: "Hang on, I have to try something."
Glimmer pokes at a spike and it evaporates into spores of magical energy.
Glimmer says: "Illusions."
Glimmer says: "These are all illusions."
Glimmer's hand absorbs the spikes around her to create a magic rune, which emboldens and shoots out a wave that disintegrates the rest of the spikes.
Glimmer says: "I knew I was feeling something about this place."
Glimmer says: "I thought it was bad, but it's--it's not!"
Glimmer says: "It's magic."
Glimmer smiles at them and they return it until a roar echoes distantly.
Adora says: "Catra!"
Scene transition to the creature angrily circling Catra, growling; it turns invisible and Catra gasps lightly, anxiously; she looks around with wide eyes until the creature reappears nose-to-nose with her, growling; Catra shakes in fear and whimpers until she revs up and sneezes; the creature rears back with a murmur and begins to glow, making Catra shield herself with a yelp; Catra looks over her arm to see the creature shapeshift into a calmer and smaller version of a feline, sitting politely; it mimics Catra's sneeze perfectly, shaking its mane and purring after; Catra looks at it bewildered, before Glimmer, Bow, and Adora fall out of a magic portal screaming into the room, landing with a thud in a heap, stirring up dust.
A distance away, Catra pats the creature as it purrs.
Adora says: "Are you--are you petting the thing that's been trying to kill us?"
Catra says: "I'm trying something here, if you didn't notice..."
Bow says: "It's just so..."
Bow says: "cute!"
Catra says: "It's not cute!"
The creature turns red and growls at the squad, mane and tale bristling, making Catra yelp and lean way while Glimmer and Bow step back.
Adora says: "Get away from her!"
Catra says: "I'm sorry."
Catra says: "I got angry."
Catra says: "It's something I'm working on."
Adora says: "Aww, you are?"
Catra says: "Yes, I am."
Catra says: "I think this thing responds to emotions."
Catra says: "So can you not give me a hard time right now?"
Adora says: "No, sorry, sorry."
Adora says: "Do your thing."
Catra walks away with hands out toward the creature, making it back away and growl.
Catra says: "It's okay."
Catra says: "We won't hurt you."
The creature growls one last time, then shifts back into the calm feline exterior; it moves toward Catra's outstretched hand and sniffs, finally pressing its head into it; a glow emits from both Catra and the creature, making everyone look around; Catra sneezes and wipes her nose, and the creature tilts its head slightly and mimics the sneeze; it suddenly shifts back into growling at Adora who squats next to Catra.
Adora says: "You're--you're magic aren't you."
The creature shifts to be smaller and hides behind Catra's other side, hissing at Adora.
The creature's eyes widen and it goes to sniff Adora's hand, then it shifts back into the calmer and larger version of itself; it presses its face against Adora's happily, making spores spark out around them as Adora chuckles; the creature turns to Catra and mewls to her.
Catra says: "Can you hear it talking, too?"
Catra says: "Please tell me you can hear it talking."
Everyone shakes their head negatively and Catra turns back nervously.
Bow says: "It must have imprinted on you."
Bow says: "It..."
Bow says: "trusts you."
Catra says: "Well, it shouldn't."
Catra says: "Why is everything with you guys so weird?"
The creature continues to mewl.
Catra says: "It says its name is..."
Catra says: "Melog."
Catra says: "It's been here by itself for a long time."
Catra says: "It thought we were enemies, like, um, the ones that came to take its magic?"
Catra says: "They dug into the ground, built machines."
Adora says: "The First Ones."
Adora says: "That's what they were doing."
Adora says: "They were mining this planet's magic, just like on Etheria."
Catra says: "But they took too much."
Catra says: "And then..."
Catra says: ""the one who destroys" came."
Melog shapeshifts into the similar figure of Horde Prime; Catra gasps lightly.
Catra says: "The magic of Krytis was too wild for Prime."
Catra says: "He didn't understand what it was."
Catra says: "He couldn't use it, couldn't defend against it..."
Glimmer says: "Magic is Horde Prime's weakness!"
Catra says: "Melog drove Prime off but couldn't defeat him."
Catra says: "And now..."
Catra says: "it's the last of its kind."
Adora says: "I'm sorry for what happened to you, but we're gonna make sure it never happens again."
Adora says: "Our planet has magic, too."
Adora says: "It might be the last place in the universe that does."
Adora says: "If you wanna come with us, I think you'd really like it there."
Melog's ears perk up and it purrs, licking Adora and she chuckles.
Entrapta says: "And I'm happy to report that Wrong Hordak's existential crisis has resolved."
Wrong Hordak says: "Brothers!"
Wrong Hordak says: "Horde Prime lied to us."
Wrong Hordak says: "He is a false ruler."
Wrong Hordak says: "We must rise up against him,  and free the universe from his unjust reign!"
Adora says: "That's the plan!"
Bow says: "Uh, Adora?"
Bow says: "We still don't know how we're gonna get back to Etheria."
Catra says: "Hmm, about that."
Catra says: "I think I might have an idea."
New scene.
Etheria, Whispering Woods.
Castaspella's robe gets caught on a stalagmite gem; she grunts and rips it free.
Casta says: "I can't believe I fell for this."
Casta says: "You don't care about Micah."
Casta says: "All you've ever cared about is getting more power for yourself."
Casta says: "Well, I'm putting a stop to this right now!"
Casta gasps in surprise as a warthog-like creature snores softly next to her; she then looks around to see many more, sleeping soundly with moss and tree roots covering them.
Shadow Weaver says: "and use it against him."
Castaspella says: "You just want to take the magic for yourself."
Shadow Weaver says: "I want to save Micah."
Shadow Weaver says: "I owe him that much, at least."
Shadow Weaver says: "Come with me."
Shadow Weaver says: "Help me undo what the First Ones did, and..."
Shadow Weaver says: "stop me if I try to take the power for myself."
Casta says: "You better believe I will."
New scene.
Space, Darla's bridge.
Everyone stands looking at the blockade of Horde ships surrounding Etheria.
Entrapta says: "They'll have visual on us soon."
Bow says: "We sure this is gonna work?"
Adora says: "Only one way to find out."
Catra says: "Ready?"
Melog grunts in response and then focuses, beginning to glow; it disappears, making spores drift around inside the bridge; Melog channels all its magical energy into the ship, masking its presence from the Horde ships; everyone else gathers with wide, concerned eyes to watch their approach.
Glimmer says: "So, just to make sure I get it, we're going to go running through a Horde blockade while relying on the magic of a creature we just met?"
Catra says: "That about sums it up, yes."
Glimmer and Bow are aghast, then smile in recognition of Catra's plan's similarity to many of their own.
Darla charges up and boosts toward the Horde ships, engine whirring; Everyone gathers together, and they all except Entrapta and Wrong Hordak start screaming; the ship propels itself faster toward the planet, and Catra shuts her eyes with a strained grunt; the ship reappears in Etheria's atmosphere and stops boosting itself; Catra opens her eyes one at a time and gasps lightly at the view of stars in Etheria's sky; she then looks down to see her hand grasping Adora's, which she grunts at and promptly throws it away, grabbing her arm with a slight blush.
Adora says: "Melog did it!"
Everyone except Catra and Wrong Hordak begin cheering and laughing; Melog runs up to Catra and mewls happily, at which Catra smiles; suddenly, Glimmer runs up and kisses Catra's cheek, at which Catra growls in frustration.
Glimmer says: "Catra saved the daaay!"
Bow says: "Aw, come here!"
Bow begins to hug Catra, along with Glimmer; Catra begins to refute this while he talks.
Bow says: "Best Friend Squad huuug!"
Catra says: "No, no, absolutely not!"
Adora looks on with a smile; Darla's cargo bay door opens with a whir to overlook the dawn of a new day on Etheria to the Best Friend Squad and Melog, with birds chirping happily.
Adora says: "We made it."
Adora says: "We're home."
Credits Roll.