Hordak says: "Finally."
Imp climbs up Hordak, peers over his shoulder at the orb, and smiles. Imp and Hordak shield themselves from the orb as it explodes.
Hordak says: "Useless."
Hordak pushes Imp off his shoulder and tosses the wrench away. Imp looks at the wrench, then climbs a pillar-like machine.
Imp says: "Useless."
Adora, Glimmer, and Bow walk through the Woods.
Adora says: "I still can't believe Entrapta's working for the Horde."
Adora says: "Shadow Weaver messed with her mind."
Adora says: "She must have."
Adora says: "Right?"
Glimmer says: "I don't know."
Glimmer says: "She seemed normal when we talked to her."
Glimmer says: "Entrapta-normal, but still, she wants to be with the Horde."
Glimmer says: "They do have better tech than us."
Glimmer says: "But we have magic on our side."
Bow says: "Magic and tech aren't totally separate things."
Bow says: "Entrapta is one of the only people who really understands that."
Bow says: "She got closer to combining them than anyone else."
Bow says: "And..."
Bow says: "now she's with the Horde."
Adora and Glimmer turn to look at Bow.
Bow says: "Well, who needs Entrapta?"
Bow says: "You've got Bow, tech master and premier member of the Etherian Maker Community."
The arrow Bow is holding catches on fire, and smoke billows from it.
Bow says: "Ah."
Bow says: "Yeah, uh, meant to do that."
Swift Wind says: "Ahoy!"
Swift Wind says: "Ha ha, be there in a sec."
He lands next to Adora and Glimmer.
Swift Wind says: "Comrades!"
Swift Wind says: "I spotted buildings ahead, the outpost is close."
Glimmer clenches her fists.
Glimmer says: "Entrapta made her decision."
Glimmer says: "We can't change that."
Glimmer says: "But we can focus on our mission and help all our people."
Glimmer says: "We lost all contact with the farming outpost of Alwyn a week ago."
Glimmer says: "The Horde hasn't been reported in the area, but we can't be too careful."
Adora says: "They're definitely involved."
Adora says: "They always are."
Glimmer says: "We can handle the Horde."
Glimmer says: "I don't care if they do have Entrapta's inventions, they're no match for us!"
Glimmer says: "We'll handle this the way we always do."
Adora says: "Brute Strength?"
Swift Wind says: "Almost dying?"
Glimmer says: "No—"
Glimmer says: "and no!"
Glimmer says: "By sticking together, and never giving up."
Bow says: "Yeah!"
Bow says: "Best Friend Quad to the rescue!"
Everyone turns to look at Bow.
Bow says: "Because there's four of us?"
Everyone frowns at Bow.
Bow says: "Okay, taking that one off the list."
They all continue walking. Adora turns around, and looks at the trees blowing in the wind. She frowns.
Entrapta is sitting at a workbench, tinkering with a device. She has her welding mask down.
The workbench shakes. Entrapta lifts her mask and looks around.
Entrapta says: "Hm."
She flips her mask back down and continues tinkering. After a few seconds, the workbench shakes again. Entrapta lifts her mask and frowns. She ducks under the workbench, and finds a loose screw on the underside.
Entrapta says: "Emily, hand me a six sided hex driver."
Emily searches for the tool, knocking things over as she looks. She shakes her body in a "no" gesture and beeps sadly.
Entrapta says: "You're right, Emily, how can we possibly work like this?"
Entrapta flops down on the workbench.
Catra walks into Hordak's Sanctum.
Catra says: "Uh, hello?"
Catra says: "Lord Hordak?"
Catra sees Imp watching her. .
Hordak says: "State your purpose, Force Captain Catra."
Catra adjusts her Force Captain badge and walks over to Hordak.
Catra says: "Lord Hordak, I just thought we should, uh, you know, touch base, like you used to with Shadow Weaver."
Catra says: "Figured we could establish a daily check-in—"
Hordak says: "So, I'm to understand you've disturbed me for no reason."
Imp jumps down to the floor, startling Catra.
Catra says: "Uh, not for no reason."
Catra says: "We need to plan our next move against the Rebellion."
Catra says: "The Horde's in a better spot than ever—"
Hordak says: "Was squandering our advantage while the Whispering Woods regrew part of your plan?"
Hordak walks over to a large lever and pulls it. It activates a glowing field around him and Catra.
Hordak says: "Was letting yourself get captured?"
Hordak says: "Etheria's atmosphere has proven to be a complicating variable in my experiments."
Catra coughs. Debris rises from the floor.
Catra says: "I—"
Hordak says: "I just removed that variable."
Hordak says: "Tell me, Force Captain, how is your breathing?"
Hordak circles Catra as she coughs and wheezes. Catra's vision goes blurry.
Hordak says: "Pathetic."
Hordak says: "Just like everything on this backwards planet."
Hordak says: "Do you know what the definition of failure is, Force Captain?"
Hordak turns the anti-oxygen field off. Catra gasps for breath.
Hordak says: "Failure is when something ceases to serve a purpose."
Hordak says: "When that happens, it becomes worthless to me."
Hordak says: "Thus far, your performance has been lacking."
Catra says: "I haven't failed yet."
Catra says: "No one knows how to take the princesses down better than me."
Catra says: "Trust me, and let me do that."
They stare at each other. Catra's gaze flicks down to where Hordak is resting his hand on the lever.
Hordak says: "You say you can defeat the Rebellion?"
Hordak takes his hand off the lever.
Hordak says: "Prove it."
Hordak says: "You are dismissed."
Hordak returns to his lab, and Catra leaves.
Imp says: "Pathetic."
Imp says: "Pathetic."
Imp says: "Pathetic."
Adora, Gimmer, Bow, and Swift Wind walk through the Woods.
Swift Wind says: "Uh, hello?"
Swift Wind says: "I thought you should know, I'm sensing something weird the closer we get to the outpost."
Adora says: "Weird?"
Adora says: "Like what?"
Swift Wind says: "I can't describe it, just..."
Swift Wind says: "weird."
Swift Wind says: "What is this place?"
Glimmer says: "Alwyn is the Rebellion's biggest supplier of—"
Glimmer says: "uh, well, supplies."
Glimmer says: "It's basically one big orchard."
Glimmer says: "One big, happy—"
Glimmer says: "incredibly creepy orchard."
Swift Wind bites an apple, and everyone turns to look at him.
Swift Wind says: "What?"
Swift Wind says: "Creepy apples taste as good as normal apples."
Glimmer says: "The outpost must be up ahead."
Adora, Glimmer, and Bow walk into the village. Swift Wind follows, eating apples as he goes.
Adora says: "I don't see any Horde soldiers."
Adora says: "I actually don't see anyone."
Adora says: "Where are they?"
Glimmer says: "Maybe they're all inside?"
Bow says: "Let me take a look."
Bow says: "I've upgraded my tracker pad to detect Horde signals."
Bow says: "If they're here, we'll find them with this."
Bow taps his tracker pad, which gives off a high-pitched noise. Swift Wind cover his ears with his wings as Bow fumbles to turn it off, almost dropping it in the process. Glimmer teleports next to him.
Bow says: "Oh, man."
Bow says: "I must've broken something during the upgrade."
Bow says: "Not to worry, I can fix this."
He taps at the screen and frowns.
Bow says: "I don't know how to fix this."
Glimmer says: "It's okay!"
Glimmer says: "Whatever's going on here, we'll solve it."
Glimmer says: "Nothing gets past us!"
Wind begins to blow.
Glimmer says: "Even if people used to tell stories about Alwyn being haunted."
Adora says: "Haunted?"
Adora says: "Like with ghosts?"
Glimmer says: "It's just stories."
Glimmer says: "And even if it wasn't, we'd handle them."
Glimmer says: "No reason to be scared."
Adora says: "Huh."
Adora says: "Well, Shadow Weaver used to tell me about ghosts when I was a kid in the Horde."
Adora says: "Like the story of the Weeping Princess, a vengeful spirit who roams Etheria looking for victims."
Adora says: "You know she's coming for you by the sound of weeping right before she strikes."
Swift Wind says: "What was that?"
Everyone yells and readies for an attack.
Glimmer says: "What?"
Swift Wind says: "I'm not sure, I thought I heard someone."
Swift Wind says: "A voice."
Adora says: "The Weeping Princess?"
Swift Wind says: "No."
Swift Wind says: "Someone's here, I'm sure of it."
Swift Wind says: "We have to find them."
They all run off. A blue glow, roughly the size of a person, moves between two trees.
Catra looks at a map.
Catra says: "Third Battalion is closest."
Catra says: "If they move on Erlandia, the Rebellion will have to answer."
Scorpia says: "Uh, yeah, small problem?"
Scorpia says: "Um, the Third Battalion is refusing to fight because they don't have armor."
Scorpia says: "They've put in..."
Scorpia says: "where is it..."
Scorpia says: "um, six requests for resupply."
Scorpia says: "Didn't you see these?"
Catra says: "I've been a little busy, you know, almost toppling Bright Moon and coming closer than anyone ever has to conquering the planet for the Horde?"
Catra says: "Not that anyone seems to care."
Scorpia says: "I care."
Catra looks up at Scorpia for a second, then looks away.
Catra says: "Fine."
Catra says: "Give them the armor."
Scorpia says: "Ah."
Scorpia says: "Okay, um..."
Scorpia says: "boy, I'd sure like to do that, uh..."
Scorpia says: "but the armory is out of armor."
Catra says: "So have them make more."
Scorpia says: "Okay, just gotta find that file."
Scorpia fumbles with the files she's holding, dropping several of them.
Scorpia says: "They're just, they're so slidey, and slippery."
Catra says: "How am I supposed to defeat the Rebellion when all I do is this stupid busy work?"
Catra says: "I bet Shadow Weaver didn't have to deal with any of this."
Scorpia says: "Uh, these are her files, so, she probably did?"
Scorpia says: "Just saying, that's—"
Scorpia says: "that's a guess on my part."
Scorpia drops more files. Catra groans. Entrapta yells as she falls out of a vent.
Entrapta says: "Hi."
Catra says: "You're not a prisoner anymore."
Catra says: "You don't have to sneak around."
Entrapta says: "The ducts are faster, and I don't have time to waste."
Entrapta says: "I need a six-sided hex driver right now."
Catra says: "I'm the one who doesn't have time to waste."
Catra says: "Aren't you some kind of genius?"
Catra says: "Make do with what you have."
Entrapta says: "Of course I could, but it's the principle."
Entrapta says: "Always use the proper tool for the job."
Entrapta says: "If you can't help me, it's fine, I saw one in Hordak's lab."
Catra hisses and lunges for Entrapta. She grabs Entrapta by her shirt.
Catra says: "I know you're new to the Fright Zone, and possibly to being around people in general, but Hordak isn't somebody to mess with."
Catra says: "Under no circumstances will you go anywhere near Hordak's sanctum."
Catra lets go of Entrapta's shirt.
Entrapta says: "Ooh."
Entrapta says: "He calls his lab a sanctum."
Entrapta says: "Oh, that is so classy!"
Catra says: "Focus!"
Catra says: "I need you to promise that you will stay away from Hordak."
Catra says: "Promise!"
Entrapta says: "Okay, okay!"
Entrapta says: "I promise."
Scorpia says: "Catra!"
Scorpia says: "Here it is!"
Scorpia says: "Oh, okay, so the armory can't make more armor because they are..."
Scorpia says: "out of irid—"
Scorpia says: "do-iridul-lum?"
Scorpia says: "Irideli—"
Scorpia says: "the point is, they're out of the shiny stuff they need to make armor."
Catra says: "So where do we get more?"
Scorpia says: "Oh, uh, I don't have a file for that."
Catra stalks over and snatches a file away from Scorpia.
Catra says: "I'll handle it myself."
Catra says: "But keep and eye on Entrapta, and make sure she doesn't go anywhere near Hordak."
Scorpia says: "Got it, boss."
Scorpia says: "I won't let her out of my sight."
Scorpia says: "Now, you didn't happen to see which way she went, did you?"
Catra glares at her.
Scorpia says: "You know what?"
Scorpia says: "I'll figure it out."
Scorpia says: "I'll figure it out."
Bow, Glimmer, Adora, and Swift wind wander into the village, looking in different directions, wary.
Adora says: "Hello?"
Swift Wind says: "Ahh!"
Swift Wind says: "Uh, uh, I mean."
Swift Wind says: "."
Swift Wind says: "."
Swift Wind says: "whooo did that?"
Swift Wind says: "Bow-man, tch, you gotta pull yourself together!"
They approach a dark cottage, and Bow opens the door a few inches, eliciting an ominous creak.
Swift Wind says: "I’ll wait out here in case anyone tries to sneak up on you."
Swift Wind says: "Also, this door is too small for horses, which is rude."
Glimmer says: "Okay."
Glimmer says: "On three."
Glimmer says: "One, two, THREE!!"
She teleports within as Bow and Adora ready their weapons, and burst through the door . . . to find an empty interior of a one-room shack, with a dining table laden with food.  They look at each other wonderingly.  Adora sheathes her sword and approaches the table, feeling with her hand over the food.
Adora says: "The food is cold."
Adora says: "Whoever lives here left in a hurry, but it was."
Adora says: "."
Adora says: "."
Adora says: "a while ago."
Bow says: "There’s no sign of the Horde."
Bow says: "There’s no sign of a struggle at all."
Bow says: "They just."
Bow says: "."
Bow says: "."
Bow says: "left."
Adora says: "This is just like the story of the Headless Princess."
They all look at the floor, then sigh in relief at the bare ground.
Swift Wind says: "Whaddya find!!!"
Adora and Bow scream as Adora throws her arms wide in front of Bow and Glimmer jumps onto her neck.  Bow is knocked over as Adora adopts a fighting stance, looking all around, with Glimmer hanging from her neck.
Swift Wind says: "Sorry."
Swift Wind says: "I."
Swift Wind says: "."
Swift Wind says: "."
Swift Wind says: "don’t like being out here by myself."
Glimmer says: "We should check out the other buildings."
They carefully walk in the darkness, stepping over large roots, looking through the slats of boarded windows.  Bow suddenly calls out.
Bow says: "Hey, Guys!"
Adora reacts, drawing her sword with one hand, and collaring Glimmer against her protectively with the other.  They relax again as Glimmer catches her breath.
Adora says: "Sorry."
Adora says: "What did you say?"
Bow points toward a tall narrow pyramid.
Bow says: "Does that look familiar to you."
Adora says: "I’m not sure."
Adora says: "Maybe it’s."
Adora says: "."
Adora says: "."
A crashing sound interrupts her musing, and they all scream.  Bow and Glimmer strike warrior stances in multiple directions.  Glimmer simply disappears.  After a moment, they realize that it is a window shutter slamming in the wind.
Adora says: "Huh."
Adora says: "."
Adora says: "."
Adora says: "Uhhhhh, Glimmer?"
Glimmer reappears in a small shower of pink sparkles.
Glimmer says: "I’m so sorry."
Glimmer says: "I have no idea why I did that."
Adora says: "Ah, this place is weird."
Adora says: "Like the Lair of the Undead Princess!"
Adora says: "Where she lures soldiers to their doom!"
Bow says: "Undead princess?"
Bow says: "The Horde really had a theme, huh?"
Adora says: "Oh."
Adora says: "."
Adora says: "."
Adora says: "You’re right!"
Adora says: "Wow."
Adora says: "I can’t believe I’m just realizing this now."
Glimmer says: "Weird or not, we have a mission."
Glimmer says: "Something happened here that forced these people to flee their home."
Glimmer says: "We have to get to the bottom of this."
As they walk onward, a strange ghostly form passes unnoticed behind them.
Entrapta and Emily stand outside of Hordak’s inner sanctum.
Entrapta says: "Ethical dilemma number."
Entrapta says: "."
Entrapta says: "."
Entrapta says: "ahhhhhhhhhhh."
Entrapta says: "."
Entrapta says: "."
Entrapta says: "sixty-three."
Entrapta says: "I told Catra I wouldn’t go into Hordak’s lab."
Entrapta says: "But, if she never finds out, does it count?"
Entrapta says: "I could just pop in, grab the tool, and then pop out."
Entrapta says: "No one would ever know."
Entrapta says: "But, I would know."
Entrapta says: "Ahhhh, I shouldn’t do it."
Entrapta says: "Or should I?"
Entrapta says: "Nooo, I shouldn’t."
Suddenly, she is within Hordak’s lair, hiding behind equipment, observing him beside his work table with his back to her.  She eyes the table.
Entrapta says: "A six-sided hex driver!"
She peers over the side of the table and starts to reach with her hair, but she is distracted by the fascinating glowing and sparking orb that hovers between two emitters.
Entrapta says: "This is amazing!!"
Emily pushes her back down again.  The orb fizzes, then goes out, as the energies dissipate.
Entrapta says: "Ohhh."
Entrapta says: "."
Entrapta says: "."
Hordak screams in frustration and pounds the table by Entrapta, sweeping equipment and tools to the floor.  He exits the room with his Imp following.
Entrapta says: "Well, there’s no reason to get huffy because an experiment fails."
Entrapta says: "Failure is a vital part of scientific endeavor."
She goes to the table and grabs the hex driver, continuing her conversation with Emily.
Entrapta says: "What if I have given up on you after the first explosion?"
Entrapta says: "Or the fiftieth?!"
Entrapta says: "!"
Entrapta says: "I know, I should leave."
Entrapta says: "But I have to stay, for science!!!"
Bow and Glimmer press their faces against a window to gaze within.  Glimmer sees the reflection of a ghostly form in the window.  But when she turns around she sees nothing.
Glimmer says: "Huh?"
Glimmer says: "Hmmm."
Adora and Swift Wind round the building to join them.
Glimmer says: "It’s totally abandoned."
Suddenly a high-pitched screeching causes Adora to cover her ears and cringe with Swift Wind.
Adora says: "Do you guys hear that?"
Swift Wind says: "Yes!"
Swift Wind says: "Finally!"
Swift Wind says: "I told you."
Swift Wind says: "It’s a weird sound."
Adora says: "It’s like something."
Adora says: "."
Adora says: "."
Adora says: "someone is singing!"
Glimmer says: "I don’t hear anything."
Glimmer says: "It’s probably just the wind."
The sound repeats, and everyone looks uncomfortably on edge.
Bow says: "Okay."
Bow says: "I’m hearing something, too."
They look around, and one of the bright, ghostly forms moves past.  Bow and Glimmer clutch hold of each other.  Adora points.
Adora says: "There!"
Adora says: "Something’s there!"
Adora says: "For the Honor of Grayskull!"
Becoming She-Ra, she leaps into the forest after the strange figure.  Glimmer and Bow look at each other for a few seconds, then run after her.
Glimmer says: "Wait!"
Bow says: "Adora!"
In Hordak’s Inner Sanctum, Entrapta is rapidly and efficiently adjusting connections and wiring on Hordak’s machine, welding with her mask down.  Hordak approaches her from behind and grunts.  As she reaches for the hex driver, Hordak’s shadow falls over her.  She begins speaking before she turns to see who it is.
Entrapta says: "Hello."
Entrapta says: "You’re blocking my light."
Entrapta says: "If you could just step aside."
Entrapta says: "."
Entrapta says: "."
Hordak says: "Get!"
Hordak says: "OUT!!!"
Entrapta says: "Well, just a sec."
Entrapta says: "I’m almost finished."
To Hordak’s shock, she continues her work with Emily a little longer, then stands up.
Entrapta says: "Okay."
Entrapta says: "All done."
Entrapta says: "Byyyee!"
Hordak scowls as she begins to walk away.
Hordak says: "There will be dire consequences for this flagrant breach of conduct."
Emily is pushing Entrapta out the door, as she quickly explains to him.
Entrapta says: "You were using uninsulated cables."
Entrapta says: "I, uh, replaced themf or you."
Entrapta says: "Try it again."
Entrapta says: "It should hold the charge, now."
The doors close behind her, and Hordak looks stunned and bemused.  Curiously, he approaches the machinery and throws the master lever.  At first nothing happens, and he frowns, turning to walk away.  But then, the machine activates, and the glowing orb forms, holding smoothly and stably with a constant luminosity.
Hordak says: "She was."
Hordak says: "."
Hordak says: "."
Hordak says: "right."
Entrapta says: "Of course I was right!"
She stands admiring the glowing orb.
Entrapta says: "It’s beautiful!"
Entrapta says: "It’s a power source, isn’t it?"
Entrapta says: "What are you building that needs so much power?"
Hordak struggles for a reply, but she is already across the room, studying the displays.
Entrapta says: "I recognize these formulas."
Entrapta says: "You’re experimenting with portals?"
Entrapta says: "But that’s."
Entrapta says: "."
Entrapta says: "."
Entrapta says: "I mean, I’m familiar with the concept, but multi-dimensional gates are purely theoretical."
Entrapta says: "No one’s every come close to actually achieving one."
Entrapta says: "Right?"
Hordak says: "Obviously, someone from a backwater planet such as yours couldn’t possibly comprehend it."
Entrapta says: "Hey!"
Entrapta says: "All right."
Entrapta says: "I’m the one who got your power source working, so."
Entrapta says: "."
Entrapta says: "."
Entrapta says: "tell me everything!!"
Hordak says: "Portals aren’t theoretical."
Hordak says: "They’re real."
Hordak says: "And I’m going to open one."
Entrapta says: "You are?!"
Entrapta says: "!"
Entrapta says: "Ahhhhh."
Entrapta says: "Can I help you?!!"
Entrapta says: "!!"
Entrapta says: "Ah, just think of the possibilities!"
Entrapta says: "You could."
Entrapta says: "."
Entrapta says: "."
Entrapta says: "transport troops, and, and weapons."
Entrapta says: "."
Entrapta says: "."
Entrapta says: "whatever you need from one side of the planet to the other!"
Hordak says: "You think too small."
Hordak says: "Unsurprising."
Hordak says: "You can’t begin to understand the potential a device of this nature will possess."
Entrapta says: "Wait!"
Entrapta says: "If Etheria is a backwater planet, does that mean there are others?"
Hordak says: "Of course."
Hordak says: "There are countless galaxies filled with countless other worlds."
Hordak says: "Etheria is the only planet I’ve ever encountered that does not seem to understand that."
Entrapta says: "Other planets?"
Entrapta says: "And you’ve."
Entrapta says: "."
Entrapta says: "."
Entrapta says: "been there?"
Hordak only smiles.
Elsewhere in the Fright Zone, Shadow Weaver languishes miserably in electronic chains.  Her cell force field flickers off, and Catra stalks in, throwing file folders at Shadow Weavers feet.
Catra says: "I’ve contacted every mine under Horde control, but none of them have the material to make more armor, and without the armor, I can’t attack Erlandia."
Catra says: "You’re trying to sabotage me!!"
Catra says: "Where’s the missing file?!!"
Catra says: "!!"
Shadow Weaver says: "The material you seek comes from the foundry."
Shadow Weaver says: "Right her in the Fright Zone."
Catra says: "Fine."
Shadow Weaver says: "Being me isn’t quite what you imagined, is it?"
Shadow Weaver says: "I suppose you thought Hordak would let you."
Shadow Weaver says: "."
Shadow Weaver says: "."
Shadow Weaver says: "run things now."
Catra says: "He does."
Catra says: "I can do what I want."
Shadow Weaver says: "But he’ll never trust you with his real plans."
Shadow Weaver says: "Don’t take it personally."
Shadow Weaver says: "He never did with me, either."
Catra says: "I don’t know what you’re talking about."
Catra says: "Maybe Hordak didn’t trust you, but he trusts me plenty."
For a moment, they share wordless looks.  Then Catra walks out and punches the control to activate the electronic forcefield of the cell.  Shadow weaver hangs her head.
She-Ra walks carefully through the woods, looking for signs of the presence she was following.  She hears a strange moaning voice and follows.  Glimmer and Bow run up behind, and Bow trips on a root.
Bow says: "Ooahh!"
They look suspiciously back at the root, but it looks normal.  She-Ra helps him up.
She-Ra says: "The light came from around hear."
A strange laughter echoes, and they look all around them.  Suddenly Bow sees a column of light nearby.
Bow says: "There!"
Bow says: "It’s over."
Bow says: "."
Bow says: "."
Bow says: "!"
The light becomes a large humanoid figure, very close!  They scream, and She-Ra leaps forward, eyes closed, swinging blindly at thin air.  It’s gone.  She opens her eyes.
She-Ra says: "Where’d it go?"
She-Ra says: "Did I get it?"
Glimmer No!  seeing the form walking quickly toward them  RUN!!!
They turn and flee, but there path is quickly blocked by two other figures, waving at them.
Glimmer says: "Ahhh!"
Glimmer says: "Run the other way!!"
They do, but again a couple of figures block their path.  They halt behind some bushes, and the figures are all around them.
Swift Wind says: "She-Ra, do something!"
She-Ra says: "Like what?!!"
She-Ra says: "!!"
She-Ra says: "Flail at them again?!!"
She-Ra says: "!!"
She-Ra says: "I can handle the Horde."
She-Ra says: "I can’t handle this!"
She-Ra says: "This is like what."
She-Ra says: "."
She-Ra says: "."
Glimmer says: "Stop telling ghost stories!!"
Glimmer says: "I’ve been terrified since we got here!!!"
Glimmer says: "Catra was right!"
Glimmer says: "I’m terrible at this!"
Bow says: "And I can’t replace Entrapta!"
Bow says: "I can’t even make my tracker pad work!"
Swift Wind says: "I’m still hearing stuff coming from the big stone pointy thing!"
Bow says: "From the pointy."
Bow says: "."
Bow says: "."
Bow says: "Hold on."
He begins to walk towards the apparitions.
Glimmer says: "What are you doing?!"
Glimmer says: "!"
Glimmer says: "Bow!"
Glimmer teleports to him, grabs him, and teleports away to a safer distance.  She-Ra, leaps out and swings her sword downward through the glowing form, striking the ground with a mighty impact, and causing previously unseen circuitry in the ground to light up.
Bow says: "Of course."
Bow says: "This place."
Bow says: "It’s a First One’s ruin."
Bow says: "And these aren’t ghosts."
Bow says: "They’re holograms!"
She-Ra says: "I’m pretty sure holograms can’t walk around on their own like this."
Bow says: "But, look at them."
Bow says: "Really look at them."
Glimmer says: "No thanks!"
Glimmer says: "I’m good!"
She-Ra says: "It’s."
She-Ra says: "."
She-Ra says: "."
She-Ra says: "it’s like a recording."
Bow releases himself from Glimmer’s grasp and walks up to stand next to the images.  Glimmer opens her eyes and sees the truth.
Glimmer says: "Ahhhh."
Glimmer says: "She’s waving!"
Glimmer waves back, smiling.  Then after a moment.
Glimmer says: "Actually, you know what?"
Glimmer says: "It’s still creepy."
Bow says: "I think I know where they’re coming from."
Bow says: "Come on!"
Catra is slouching around the detention area.  Scorpia runs up to her, a large sheaf of files in her arms.
Scorpia says: "Catra!"
Scorpia says: "Catra!"
Scorpia says: "Hey, Catra!"
Scorpia says: "Oh, wow."
Scorpia says: "You are fast."
Scorpia says: "Anyway, I found the file, and guess what."
Catra says: "The material is produced right here in the Fright Zone?"
Scorpia says: "Beautiful and brilliant."
Catra says: "Where’s Entrapta?!"
Catra says: "!"
Catra says: "You’re supposed to be watching her!"
Scorpia says: "You know, she is, she’s, she’s."
Scorpia says: "."
Scorpia says: "."
Scorpia says: "I don’t know where she is, truthfully, but I’m gonna fix that because that’s just the kind of friend I am."
Scorpia says: "You’re welcome."
Hordak stands by in his lab as Entrapta makes further adjustments to switches and cables, which causes the glowing orb to grow in size and brilliance, buzzing and crackling louder.
Entrapta says: "This is probably the max with what you’ve got to work with here."
Entrapta says: "If we had some First One’s tech, we could generate even more voltage."
Catra and Scorpia come running into the chamber.
Catra says: "I’m sorry, Lord Hordak."
Catra says: "Entrapta is still new here."
Catra says: "I, I, I, I promise, she will never bother you again."
Hordak says: "You are the one bothering me, Force Captain."
Hordak says: "."
Hordak says: "."
Hordak says: "with your unwelcome intrusion!"
Hordak says: "I."
Hordak says: "Am."
Hordak says: "Working."
Hordak says: "With Entrapta’s assistance."
Entrapta says: "Did you hear that, Emily?"
Entrapta says: "I’ve never had a lab partner before!"
Catra stares with Scorpia, dumbfounded, until the Imp hisses at them, and they turn and exit.
In the moonlit night at Alwyn, Bow examines a pyramidal spire in the middle of town with Glimmer, She-Ra, and Swift Wind looking on.  Bow pulls away roots covering the spire.
Swift Wind says: "This is it!"
Swift Wind says: "The noise is coming from here!"
She-Ra says: "It looks like Light Hope’s beacon."
Bow says: "It’s an antenna."
Bow says: "I’m guessing this outpost is built on some kind of First Ones communication hub."
Bow says: "When the Black Garnet disrupted the planet, it must have caused the hub to power up."
Bow says: "It’s trying to send old stored messages."
Bow says: "With you translating, we should be able to turn it off."
She-Ra says: "So."
She-Ra says: "."
She-Ra says: "."
She-Ra says: "these are First Ones?"
Bow says: "Yeah."
Bow says: "Why?"
She surveys the figure, a friendly bowing man and a young girl figure dancing.
She-Ra says: "It’s just."
She-Ra says: "."
She-Ra says: "."
She-Ra says: "I’ve been thinking of them as these big epic figures."
She-Ra says: "But they’re regular people,."
She-Ra says: "."
She-Ra says: "."
She-Ra says: "sending messages to their loved ones."
She-Ra says: "Messages that were never received because of what Mara did to the planet."
She-Ra hangs her head, but Swift Wind snuffles at her encouragingly.  She approaches the spire and touches it with her hand, causing it to light up and glow, then fade.  The dancing, bowing figures fade as well.
She-Ra says: "Be at rest, now."
Bow says: "The farmers must have fled from the “ghosts” when this thing turned itself on."
Bow says: "We should be able to get them a message that it’s safe to return."
Glimmer says: "Way to go!"
Glimmer says: "I think the Rebellion is going to do just fine with you, Master-maker Bow!"
Bow says: "Thanks, Glimmer!"
Bow says: "Now that the antenna is powered down, everything should be back to normal."
He studies the tracker pad, and the others gather around him.  It is showing a distorted pattern and playing a staticky, unintelligible voice.
Bow says: "It’s that message again."
Bow says: "It looks like First Ones writing."
Swift Wind says: "Huh."
Swift Wind says: "But we powered down the antenna."
She-Ra says: "Well, if it is First Ones writing, I can’t read it."
She-Ra says: "It’s way too degraded."
Glimmer says: "You said it yourself, Bow."
Glimmer says: "Your pad must be broken."
Bow says: "Yeah."
Bow says: "."
Bow says: "."
Bow says: "that must be it."
Somewhere else, in a wind-swept hostile desert plain, a wrecked spacecraft lies half buried, but not altogether inactive.  Within, a panel lights up with a scrolling pattern that looks like an intact version of what was appearing on Bow’s tracker pad.
Credits Roll.