Dryl, thunder storm.
Green-haired kitchen staff Baker making miniature cupcakes.
Baker is startled, Blue-haired kitchen staff and Purple-haired kitchen staff join.
Soda Pop says: "Don't forget this."
Blue-haired kitchen staff Busgirl and Purple-haired kitchen staff Soda Pop help.
Baker says: "Oh, buttered biscuits."
Baker says: "I'll never get used to these things."
Soda Pop says: "At least I don't have to get lost in that maze of hers anymore."
Robot collects cupcakes to deliver.
Robot traverses maze into chamber where Entrapta is working.
Entrapta says: "A pig."
Entrapta says: "So cute."
Entrapta sips drink.
Robot powers down.
Entrapta does science.
Entrapta says: "Log."
Entrapta says: "Day 103."
Entrapta says: "104?"
Entrapta says: "No, definitely 103."
First Ones artifact number 58 has yielded a treasure trove of intact code.
If I can successfully translate it, it could hold the secrets of the First Ones.
First Ones artifact spreads red roots through area and commandeers her robots.
Entrapta says: "Fascinating, my roots seem to be responding to the code."
This is remarkable.
Could this be my biggest step yet in making ancient and modern technology truly compatible?
Entrapta says: "Edit to log, I am now going to run."
Intro.
Glimmer says: "Princess Entrapta will be a total catch for the Rebellion."
Glimmer says: "My mother is going to be so impressed!"
Adora says: "Uh, I'm all for impressing Angella, but why is Entrapta so important?"
Bow says: "She's a brilliant inventor."
Bow says: "She makes robots and rehabs old tech left by the First Ones."
Bow says: "She's a pretty big deal in the Etherian makers community."
Which I am a part of, because I dabble in gadgetry myself.
Adora says: "What does any of that mean?"
Glimmer says: "It means, if we convince Entrapta to join the Rebellion, she'll invent all sorts of cool junk for us."
Glimmer says: "And then we'll finally have weapons that can stand up to the Horde's."
Bow says: "Like my trick arrows!"
Bow says: "I'm running low so I built some new ones."
This one is a stun arrow.  This one is an emergency flare.  And this one, this one's just pointy.
And here is my newest one.
Sonic arrow!
Glimmer says: "When will we ever need a sonic arrow."
Glimmer says: "If we have to wake up really early?"
Adora says: "Or if we get separated in a crowd?"
Bow says: ""Separated in a crowd"."
Bow says: "I bet Entrapta will like my arrows."
Bow says: "Must have been a rock slide."
Bow says: "Any loud sound could cause another slide."
We need to be as quiet as -.
Adora says: "FOR THE HONOR OF GRAYSKULL!"
Adora transforms into She-Ra.
She-Ra clears rockslide.
She-Ra says: "Ha!"
She-Ra says: "I'm getting the hang of this."
Bow says: "That was incredibly dangerous."
She-Ra says: "What's the big deal?"
She-Ra says: "It worked."
Bow says: "You can't just bust through everything with magic."
Bow says: "She-Ra could have caused an avalanche."
She-Ra says: "But she didn't, OK?"
She-Ra says: "I've spent my whole life without powers."
She-Ra says: "No way I'm going to stop using them now."
Dryl, lightning.
Bow says: "Whoa, she's got lightning."
Glimmer says: "Something's wrong."
Glimmer says: "The castle's distress beacon is lit."
Glimmer says: "They must be under attack."
She-Ra says: "There's been no reports of the Horde in this area."
Bow says: "No, be careful!"
Trap on the ground opens.
Scene transition.
Glimmer says: "You okay?"
She-Ra says: "This place feels wrong..."
She-Ra says: "It's nothing."
Scene transition.
She-Ra says: "Hey, who's there?"
Glimmer says: "Hello?"
Glimmer says: "Princess Entrapta."
Glimmer says: "We're here to, uh, recruit you for the Rebellion."
Eeee, oh, eahlkdsjf.
Bow says: "Okay, we need to be careful."
Bow says: "Entrapta has traps set up all over her castle."
Bow says: "They're supposed to be really cool."
Random person from sewer says: "They're coming."
Random person from sewer says: "Get out of the square."
She-Ra says: "Who's coming?"
She-Ra says: "Is it the Horde?"
Glimmer says: "Hello?"
Glimmer says: "Come back."
Glimmer says: "I'm thinking we should probably move away from whatever is making that sound."
She-Ra says: "This way."
Bow gasps.
Bow says: "Looks like one of Entrapta's designs."
Bow says: "Why would it attack us?"
She-Ra says: "Alright, stand back."
Glimmer and She-Ra fall.
Bow says: "Glimmer!"
Bow says: "Adora!"
Hands from the shadows take Bow.
Glimmer says: "Bow!"
Glimmer says: "He's all alone with those things!"
Glimmer says: "He needs us!"
She-Ra says: "We have to get out of here first."
Glimmer says: "Come on, I'll teleport us out."
She-Ra says: "Uh, is this out?"
Glimmer says: "Ugh."
She-Ra says: "Okay, no more teleporting from now on."
Glimmer says: "Sounds like a good idea."
Ominous form approaches.
Glimmer says: "Not again."
Entrapta says: "Princesses!"
Entrapta says: "I'm saved!"
Glimmer says: "Princess Entrapta?"
Glimmer says: "I mean, so good to see you."
Glimmer says: "I hope you don't mind, but we sort of let ourselves in."
She-Ra says: "And then we let ourselves out of your cage, trap thing."
Entrapta says: "Welcome to Dryl!"
Things are usually really fun around here, but right now it's all kind of teensy bit deadly.
Scene transition to Bow being held inside the castle.
Bow says: "Let me go."
Soda Pop says: "Please keep your voice down sir."
The robots respond to sound.
Baker says: "We're just trying to help you."
Bow says: "Oh, thanks?"
Bow says: "What's going on?"
Bow says: "Why are the robots attacking people?"
Busgirl says: "We don't know."
Busgirl says: "We're just the kitchen staff."
Baker says: "Miniature cupcake?"
Baker says: "Princess Entrapta only eats tiny food."
Soda Pop says: "And delicious fizzy beverages."
Bow says: "Uh, thank you?"
Baker says: "You'll be safe in here with us."
Baker says: "We've got enough food to last for months."
Baker says: "It's tiny, but still."
Busgirl says: "The bots will run out of power eventually, right?"
Bow says: "We need to do something."
Bow says: "You can't just hide in here forever."
Busgirl says: "Oh yes we can."
Busgirl says: "We don't have powers like the princesses."
Busgirl says: "We can't - fight."
Soda Pop says: "Sir, kindly quiet your whatever that is."
Bow says: "It's a tracker pad."
Bow says: "It tracks energy signatures from magic."
It will help me find my friends.
Baker says: "Are those little dot thingies your friends?"
Bow says: "Gonna go with no."
Scene transition to Entrapta, Glimmer and Adora navigating the castle.
Entrapta says: "You're lucky I found you."
Entrapta says: "I designed the castle as a labyrinth."
Entrapta says: "I'm the only one who can navigate it."
Glimmer says: "Which means you can help us find our friend?"
Entrapta says: "Absolutely."
She-Ra says: "Is she sure about that?"
Glimmer says: "Hi, um, I think we passed this picture already."
Entrapta says: "Oh, isn't it cute?"
You might be right.  I usually have my electronic map to get around.  But, well, like my bots it's sort of evil right now.
She-Ra says: "Why did you invent killer robots?"
Entrapta says: "You're abnormally tall."
Entrapta says: "Hello!"
Entrapta says: "I like your sword."
Entrapta says: "It's First Ones tech, right?"
Entrapta says: "Can I touch it?"
She-Ra says: "Uh, thank you, yes, and no, not right now."
Glimmer says: "About the killer robots?"
Entrapta says: "They didn't start out that way."
Entrapta says: "Usually they're super useful."
Entrapta says: "They do almost everything for me."
Entrapta says: "Cleaning, filing, basic hygiene."
Entrapta says: "Oh, and they're sound activated."
Entrapta says: "Here, I'll show you!"
Entrapta claps.
Glimmer says: "Uh, can we maybe not do that?"
Giant cleaner robot pursues them.
Entrapta says: "Isn't it adorable?"
Robot pursues.
Entrapta says: "It's trying to talk!"
Glimmer says: "Whatever it's saying, I don't think it's good."
She-Ra says: "Make it stop."
Glimmer says: "Make what stop?"
Entrapta says: "Bot 329 is attempting to communicate."
Entrapta's hair gets caught in bot.
Entrapta says: "Oh no, bad bot."
She-Ra says: "Princess!"
She-Ra defeats bot, her sword gets infected.
Glimmer says: "She-Ra!"
Glimmer says: "Stop!"
Turn it off, turn it off!
She-Ra reverts into Adora.
Scene transition to Bow and the kitchen staff preparing for an attack in the kitchen.
Baker says: "Oh, the door won't hold much longer."
Bow says: "Almost done."
Soda Pop says: "Are you sure about this?"
Baker says: "Uh, you guys..."
Bow says: "Now!"
Baker says: "Here goes nothing."
Soda Pop says: "Shoot it already."
Bow says: "I can't, it's a sonic arrow, it'll draw more bots."
Busgirl says: "Is it over?"
Busgirl says: "I did that?"
Busgirl says: "Hey, I did that!"
Bow says: "Nice work, now let's find my friends!"
Bow says: "Come on."
Scene transition to Glimmer, Adora and Entrapta in the hall.
Glimmer says: "Adora?"
Glimmer says: "Wake up, please wake up!"
Entrapta says: "The tall one seems infected too."
Entrapta says: "She turned less tall."
How does it work?
Glimmer says: "She's not an it, she's my friend."
And what do you mean she's infected too?
It's really fascinating.
I've been experimenting with a disc that was recovered from a mine in Dryl.
It was a game-changer.
It held more complete First One's code than anything I've ever seen before.
But it seems to have reacted with the First Ones tech that powers my bots.
It infected them with some sort of a virus.
Glimmer says: "But why would it make She-Ra sick?"
Entrapta says: "Well, I'd have to take her apart to be sure."
But since her sword is First One's tech, it must have spread through that.
Glimmer says: "First, you're not taking her apart."
Glimmer says: "She is a PERSON!"
Glimmer says: "Second, if we destroy this disc, will that turn off the bots and stop the virus?"
Entrapta says: "Destroy it?"
Entrapta says: "But the experiment isn't complete!"
Glimmer says: "I think we can safely say that this experiment is a failure!"
Entrapta says: "But what if it's not- no, you're right, it's a failure."
Adora says: "Glimmer, there's two of you."
Adora says: "That's nice."
Glimmer says: "How are you feeling?"
Adora says: "Just peachy."
Adora says: "Why are we whispering?"
Glimmer says: "Sound activates the robots."
Adora says: "What ROBOTS?"
Glimmer says: "The ones that are attacking us."
Adora says: "Oh, those robots."
Adora says: "Okay, I'm going to take a nap now."
Glimmer says: "No no no no, stay awake, we have to go to Entrapta's lab and destroy this disc thing and then you'll be all better again."
Adora says: "Better?"
Adora says: "I'm fine."
Adora says: "I'm She-Ra."
Adora says: "Hi, Glimmer."
Glimmer says: "Come on, we've got to get to your lab."
Glimmer says: "She's getting worse."
Entrapta says: "A-ha!"
Scene transition to the door outside Entrapta's lab.
Entrapta says: "Oh, we're here."
Entrapta says: "I mean, uh, of course we're here."
Entrapta says: "We were never lost."
Entrapta gets shocked by door panel.
Entrapta says: "Wow, the door is infected too, it won't let us in."
Entrapta says: "That is so smart."
Entrapta says: "And awful."
Entrapta says: "We're all going to die."
Glimmer says: "It's okay, I've got this one."
Glimmer says: "I'll just teleport into the lab."
Entrapta says: "Ooo, teleportation."
Entrapta says: "How does that work?"
Entrapta says: "Tell me everything."
Glimmer says: "Sure, but maybe later, when we're not, like, facing a robot uprising."
Entrapta says: "It's a date."
Glimmer says: "I'll be right back."
Adora says: "Okay, I'm just gonna wait here."
Glimmer teleports into room, struggle ensues, teleports out.
Glimmer says: "That was not such a great plan."
Glimmer says: "The lab is very full of robots."
Entrapta says: "How did they look?"
Glimmer says: "Pretty evil."
Glimmer says: "I couldn't get anywhere near the disc."
Entrapta and Glimmer scream.
Scene transition to Bow and the kitchen staff in the hallway.
Bow says: "Aw, he's kind of cute."
Uh, guys, a little help?
Soda Pop says: "Please don't say it's more bots."
Bow says: "No, that's Glimmer teleporting."
Bow says: "I know where Glimmer and Adora are."
Bow says: "Uh oh, that's not good."
Bow says: "We have to do something, we have to save them."
Busgirl says: "Oh no, sir, no thank you."
Soda Pop says: "It's one thing to fight them off out of necessity, but to seek out danger?"
Soda Pop says: "It's madness."
Soda Pop says: "Pardon me."
Baker says: "Look, they're princesses, they have powers."
Baker says: "I make baked goods."
Bow says: "Sure, we don't have powers like the princess, but that never stopped me, and  it doesn't have to stop you."
Baker says: "But you're a master archer, we're just ordinary people."
Bow says: "I'm a master archer who's out of arrows, but that never stopped me either."
You each have a skill that only you can do, even if it doesn't come from some magical jewel.  You say you're just ordinary people, I say you're warriors of the Rebellion!
Baker says: "To the Rebellion!"
Scene transition to Glimmer, Entrapta and Adora surrounded by robots.
Entrapta says: "Incredible development, the bots seem to be working together."
Glimmer says: "Right now, I think that's a bad thing."
Glimmer says: "We need to find another way into the lab."
Entrapta says: "The air duct, we can use that."
Entrapta says: "I don't suppose you have any other magical powers that could be useful right now?"
Glimmer says: "I don't have enough energy to teleport us all."
Glimmer says: "Not without leaving someone's legs behind."
Entrapta says: "I'll give up one of mine if you give up one of yours."
Glimmer says: "It's Bow!"
Adora says: "Yay, there's a rainbow!"
Bow says: "Nice!"
Glimmer says: "Bow!"
Glimmer says: "You're okay!"
Glimmer says: "I was so worried."
Bow says: "Big fan of your work, Princess Entrapta."
Entrapta says: "Hi."
Bow says: "You okay, Adora?"
Glimmer says: "Entrapta was experimenting with First One's tech, and it infected all of her machines with some kind of virus, and She-Ra's sword got infected to and made Adora all, oh, weird."
I teleported into the lab and it's full of bots and maybe we She-Ra we'd have a chance, but without her, it's hopeless.
Bow says: "We don't need She-Ra."
Bow says: "We can do this together."
Bow says: "Okay, where's the disc?"
Entrapta says: "How fascinating."
Entrapta says: "It has completely protected itself."
Bow says: "We have to find a way to turn it off."
Adora says: "Hey, guys, I've found the bots."
Glimmer says: "Adora!"
Adora screams.
Bow says: "Glimmer!"
Baker says: "We'll get your friends."
Baker says: "You two get that disc turned off."
Bow says: "Keep 'em busy."
Busgirl says: "We got your back, princesses."
Bow says: "That's not gonna work."
Bow says: "How do we shut the computer down?"
Entrapta says: "Ha!"
Entrapta says: "The power conduit!"
Glimmer says: "You dumb bots, you're going the wrong way!"
Glimmer says: "Bow, watch out!"
Bow says: "Uh, why isn't the computer turning off?"
Entrapta says: "It's running on its own power now!"
Entrapta says: "That's it."
Entrapta says: "We need to get outta here and burn this place to the ground."
Entrapta says: "Experiment officially failed."
Bow says: "Wait, I have an idea."
Entrapta screams.
Bow says: "Now's your chance, sonic arrow!"
Bow says: "I believe in you!"
Bow fires sonic arrow at disc, robots attack it trying to silence it, destroy disc.
Adora says: "Where am I?"
Adora says: "What's happening?"
Glimmer says: "Thanks, former tall one, and companions, for saving our lives."
Glimmer says: "I would be honoured to join your Rebellion and provide you with weapons."
Bow says: "Thanks, guys."
Bow says: "You saved us all back there."
Bow says: "The Rebellion needs regular people now more than ever."
Busgirl says: "We are ready."
Scene transition to outside of Dryl as Glimmer, Bow and Adora walk home.
Glimmer says: "So, maybe you had a point before."
Bow says: "What?"
Bow says: "I'm sorry, I couldn't hear you."
Adora says: "I think what Glimmer is trying to say is that you were right, we can't always rely on our powers."
Bow says: "Ooohhh, is that what you were trying to say Glimmer?"
Bow says: "That I was right?"
Glimmer says: "Yes."
Bow says: "And my sonic arrow was a great idea?"
Glimmer says: "Yes, it was brilliant, and you were totally right, okay?"
Adora says: "If you hadn't come, the bots would have gotten us for sure."
Adora says: "And, I didn't know that She-Ra could get sick like that."
Adora says: "What if it happens again?"
Bow says: "It won't."
Bow says: "We destroyed that evil, She-Ra hating disc."
Adora says: "Good, I never want to feel that way again."
Glimmer says: "Thanks for saving us, Bow."
Bow says: "All in a day's work for Bow and his band of Kitchen Knights!"
Bow says: "His Baking Brigade!"
Bow says: "Pastry Patrol!"
Bow says: "I'm still working that out."
Glimmer says: "Oh, look at that rock just staring at us."
Boy, that rock really needs smashing.  And since She-Ra's not sick anymore, she should probably smash it!
Adora says: "A-ha!"
Adora says: "What?"
Adora says: "it's practise."
Adora says: "For the honor of Grayskull!"
Adora transforms into She-Ra and destroys rock.
Entrapta says: "Log."
Entrapta says: "Day 105."
Entrapta says: "104?"
Entrapta says: "Eh."
The last experiment hit a few bumps, but it was not a total failure.  I made some important discoveries.  The disc is way more powerful than I ever imagined.
With a few adjustments, I'm sure the next experiment will be a success.
Entrapta repairs the shattered disc.
Credits Roll.