Mara's ship Darla, outer space.
Darla hurtles haphazardly through space, engine thrumming; Glimmer and Bow scream on the ship's bridge, the ship beeping and blaring an alarm; the ship stops shaking suddenly, causing Bow to grunt, and a computerized chime is heard as Entrapta rushes in.
Entrapta says: "Okay, I patched the shielding on the aft starboard ancillary booster, try it now."
Bow says: "I have no idea what that is."
Entrapta says: "I'm working on getting the autopilot up and functional again."
Entrapta says: "Wrong Hordak, blow torch!"
Wrong Hordak walks up next to Glimmer and Bow, happily gassing the blow torch on as Glimmer gasps in surprise.
Bow says: "kind of, you know, fried him and scrambled his brains..."
Bridge door opens and closes in a hum as Adora walks in.
Glimmer says: "How's Catra?"
Adora says: "Good, I think."
Adora says: "I j--I keep checking on her, but she's been sleeping for a while, do you think I should check on her again?"
Bow says: "Adora, you should let her rest."
Adora says: "Right, right."
Glimmer says: "Come on, guys."
Glimmer says: "We faced Horde Prime and made it out alive."
Bow says: "I honestly cannot believe it worked."
Bow says: "How did you do that without the sword?"
Adora says: "I just have no idea how to do it again."
Glimmer says: "You'll figure it out."
Glimmer says: "What's important is that she was there when your friends needed her."
Bow says: "Well, friends, and one person who threw me off a cliff once, but sure."
Glimmer says: "Oh, I can't believe we're finally going home!"
A boom as the ship shakes, and Adora yells as she loses her balance.
Bow says: "Steering!"
Glimmer says: "Oh, sorry!"
Glimmer says: "Sorry."
Bow says: "With Darla damaged, our speed's at 30 percent."
Bow says: "If Entrapta can't fix it, it will take us a while to get there."
Glimmer says: "As long as we're headed towards home and away from Horde Prime..."
Glimmer says: "I'm happy."
Glimmer says: "We deserve to celebrate..."
Glimmer says: "I'm going to make us a special dinner for tonight!"
Bow says: "You?"
Bow says: "..."
Bow says: "I have never seen you cook before."
Glimmer says: "..."
Glimmer says: "You know what?"
Glimmer says: "Wrong Hordak can help."
Glimmer says: "I bet he knows a lot about cooking."
Wrong Hordak says: "I am honored to provide nourishment for my exalted brothers."
Adora says: "..."
Adora says: "I'm gonna go check on Catra again!"
Bow says: "Adora--!"
Bow says: "Next stop, Etheria."
Opening theme.
Darla, an inner room that Catra is recovering in.
Catra grunts and pants in her sleep as she tosses and turns, voices layered on top of each other whispering as flashes of Catra's memories of her time becoming chipped are shown; Horde Prime's voice also overlays the flashes.
Horde Prime says: "Little sister."
Horde Prime says: "..."
Horde Prime says: "Catra..."
Catra gasps awake, panting; she groans and puts her hands to her head; the door hisses open and she screams in fear.
Adora says: "Hey!"
Adora says: "Hey, it's just me."
Adora walks over and half-sits on the side of the bed as Catra gulps in some air and then groans, rolling over to face away from Adora; Adora reaches out to put a hand on Catra's shoulder, but retracts it and it pats on Adora's leg.
Adora says: "Are you..."
Adora says: "still getting the flashes?"
Catra says: "I don't wanna see anyone, okay?!"
Catra says: "!"
Catra says: "Not you, not Arrow Boy, or Sparkles, and definitely not Entrapta."
Adora takes the pillow from Catra; Catra's head plops against the bed as she turns the other way again.
Adora says: "So, you're just gonna hide in here forever?"
Adora says: "You'll have to face them sometime..."
Catra says: "Just--drop me off on the closest planet, I'll make my own way."
Adora says: "What, so Horde Prime can capture you again?"
Catra says: "I can take care of myself."
Adora exhales frustratedly; she pauses, then grunts as she flips the mattress and Catra out of the bed, making Catra yelp.
Adora says: "Why are you acting like this?!"
Adora says: "!"
Adora says: "We saved your life!"
Catra says: "But you just love feeling like a hero, don't you?"
Adora says: "You'd rather I left you there to die?!"
Adora says: "!"
Catra says: "WHAT DO YOU CARE?!"
Catra says: "!"
Catra says: "I know you all hate me!"
Adora says: "I never hated you!"
Catra exhales slightly, stunned, then walks back over to the mattress on the floor, sitting.
Catra says: "..."
Catra says: "Then you're even dumber than I thought."
Catra says: "Just..."
Catra says: "leave me alone."
Adora says: "..."
Adora says: "I'm such an idiot."
Adora says: "I thought things would be different this time, but clearly, nothing has changed."
Adora walks out, steps clanging on the metal floor as Catra looks back; Catra exhales slightly as she curls into herself a little.
Rebellion camp site.
A fire crackles nearby as Swift Wind and Micah walk into camp.
Swift Wind says: "She-Ra is back!"
Frosta slides in the dirt and cheers as she hits an ice ball away; she runs toward a magical volleyball-type net where Netossa and Spinnerella stand on the other side.
Frosta pants as she runs after the ball, but it clangs into the ground and she grunts and slides too late; a wind swirls and whooshes the ball into her hands, and she gasps happily.
Frosta says: "Yeah!"
Spinnerella says: "Huh, weird winds today..."
Netossa says: "What do you think you're doing, you're supposed to be on my team!"
Spinnerella says: "Darling, we're doing this to cheer her up?"
Frosta screams excitedly as she bursts in between the two riding a wave of ice, making Netossa gasp in surprise; Frosta whoops as she leaps into the air to spike the ice ball over the net, the ball heavily landing with little to no bounce on the ground; air swirls and whooshes under Frosta to let her land softly and she grunts.
Netossa says: "You know that doesn't count, right?"
Spinnerella pulls her in for a kiss, and Netossa giggles; the ball rolls and clangs into Micah's shoe, and he picks it up.
Micah says: "Ready, kiddo?"
Spinnerella says: "Don't take it personally, Frosta's been having a rough time lately."
Spinnerella says: "This invasion has her pretty freaked out."
Micah says: "Do kids not like me?"
Micah says: "How do I make kids like me?"
Micah says: "Is Glimmer not gonna like me when she comes home?!"
Micah says: "!"
Netossa says: "Okay, see, now it looks like you're taking it super personally."
Micah says: "..."
Micah says: "I need your help."
Micah says: "We got word that the Horde was sighted near Elberon."
Micah says: "We have to go check on them."
Swift Wind gallops up, kicking up dust and whinnying.
Swift Wind says: "But they throw the best victory parties!"
Swift Wind says: "Dibs on this mission."
Netossa says: "Parties?"
Netossa says: "Maybe Frosta should come, too."
Netossa says: "We could all use some fun."
Netossa says: "Hey, Frosta!"
Snow crunches as Frosta stabs an icicle as a nose into a snowman shaped like herself, causing an arm to break off, then looks over; Netossa waves her over and Frosta walks closer.
Darla, pantry.
Glimmer picks a box to inspect, putting it back and looking for more, as Adora paces nearby.
Glimmer says: "This is Catra we're talking about."
Glimmer says: "Did you think she was going to just instantly  become a totally different person?"
Adora says: "No, I just-- I thought she'd at least try."
Wrong Hordak says: "I believe..."
Wrong Hordak says: "in Horde prime."
Adora says: "Uh..."
Adora says: "what's he doing here, again?"
Glimmer says: "Oh, he's helping me make dinner."
Wrong Hordak says: "..."
Wrong Hordak says: "Also from nutrient-rich amniotic fluid."
Glimmer says: "Does space food expire?"
Glimmer says: "What does this one say?"
Adora says: "..."
Adora says: "Yum?"
A monitor projects behind Adora and beeps on as Bow comes on screen.
Bow says: "Guys, you'd better get in here!"
Wrong Hordak wipes some of the gelatin off his face making a slosh noise as Glimmer hands him all the packages and she and Adora walk off; Glimmer comes back with an apron that says "smooch the chef" in First Ones writing on it and places it over Wrong Hordak's neck, then walks away.
Scene transition to Darla's bridge.
Door hums open and Adora and Glimmer rush in.
Adora says: "What's going on?"
Bow says: "Sensors picked up Horde ships on our tail."
Bow says: "They're coming straight for us."
Glimmer says: "It's gotta be a coincidence, Prime can't track this ship."
Adora says: "Well, is there somewhere we can hide until they're gone?"
Adora says: "Well,  nobody has a better idea, so it'll have to do."
Adora walks off and Entrapta gasps and exclaims excitedly, walking back to the control panel as Glimmer runs off elsewhere; Bow slumps back into the captain's chair and sighs deeply, pressing some buttons that beep on the armrest.
Darla's Interface says: "Projected course not recommended."
Bow says: "Acknowledged..."
Bow exclaims nervously as a computerized beep sounds and his arms are swathed in digital gauntlets; he yells as he is encompassed by a sphere similar to Darla's interface, chiming as it shows new asteroids popping up on screen; Bow whimpers nervously.
Whispering Woods, near Elberon.
Micah, Frosta, Spinnerella, Netossa, and Swift Wind make their way to Elberon; Frosta keeps jogging ahead to catch up after she falls behind a bit of the rest of the group.
Micah says: "Hey, I've got an idea."
Micah says: "Why don't you ride on my shoulders?"
Micah says: "Glimmer and I used to do it all the time."
Frosta says: "That's little kid stuff."
Frosta says: "And I don't need your help."
Micah sighs dejectedly.
Swift Wind says: "Hey, where are all those drones?"
Netossa says: "Where is anyone?"
Netossa says: "I thought this town was supposed to be in danger."
A door to the town's celebration hall squeaks open, and Swift Wind's ears flick; the Mayor of Elberon and a buff villager walk out.
Mayor of Elberon says: "Welcome to Elberon, rebel heroes."
Micah says: "We came as quickly as we could."
Micah says: "Where are the Horde forces?"
Mayor says: "You are mistaken."
Mayor says: "I'm so sorry we made you worry."
Mayor says: "And you came all this way..."
Mayor says: "stay for supper?"
Swift Wind giggles excitedly and canters forward.
Micah says: "I really could go for some cake!"
Frosta says: "Cake?"
Frosta says: "Really?"
Micah says: "Do kids not like cake anymore?"
Swift Wind says: "party..."
Darla, bridge.
Darla's engine hums as it weaves in between asteroids; the Best Friend Squad and Entrapta stand on the bridge, then the ship thunders as it crashes, and everyone screams, being thrown off balance; Entrapta laughs excitedly.
Bow says: "Okay, we should be safe in here."
Bow says: "Even if they're looking for us, we'll be impossible to spot among the asteroids."
An energy beam makes a nearby asteroid explode in a boom; Horde ships' engines whir as they fire more beams that crash into the ship, causing the crew to grunt in pain; inside her room, Catra is thrown against the wall and grunts; she gasps as she gets more flashes from the chip, hyperventilating until the flashes stop with a slight whisper of voices; Catra yelps as the ship crashes around them, shaking the rest of the crew off balance and making them scream.
Darla's Interface says: "We have taken damage."
Darla's Interface says: "Hull integrity at 60 percent."
Entrapta says: "Horde ships coming right for us!"
Adora says: "How did they find us?!"
Adora says: "!"
Darla's and the Horde ships' engines whir as they chase through the asteroid field.
Entrapta says: "Horde Prime may not be able to track Darla, but something on board is sending up a trace signal."
Entrapta says: "That must be what they're following!"
Adora says: "Those flashes Catra's been getting, the signal's coming from her chip, isn't it?"
Adora says: "Once again, Catra is ruining our lives."
Bow says: "Wait, Entrapta hasn't fixed the shields yet!"
Adora says: "Then try not to hit anything!"
The door slams shut behind them as Bow and Glimmer look at each other.
Elberon, celebration hall.
The villagers quietly stand around smiling creepily, some robotically dancing and clapping, some kids playing with a ball rhythmically pushing it back and forth; a villager places a bowl of slop on a table in front of the Rebellion crew.
Swift Wind says: "Something weird is going on..."
Frosta says: "Yeah, this place is giving me the creeps."
A villager nearby uses her hands to toss a bowl of slop in front of other villagers, smiling creepily.
Frosta says: "Maybe it's time to go..."
Micah says: "That should liven things up!"
Frosta grunts as she pushes her chair away from the table, scraping on the floor, then walks away.
Micah says: "My daughter's gonna hate me..."
Netossa grunts as she tries to weave through the crowd of villagers, bumping them slightly as she passes; she sighs lightly in relief as she spots Spinnerella across the room, making her way to her.
Netossa says: "Where have you been?"
Netossa says: "You know I don't like being alone at parties."
Spinnerella says: "Something really weird just happened..."
Netossa says: "I know."
Netossa says: "This whole place is weird."
Frosta says: "We're going back."
Frosta says: "There might be someone who actually needs help."
Swift Wind says: "I don't know what happened to these guys."
Swift Wind says: "Their last party was great."
Swift Wind says: "It's like they've been replaced with totally different people."
Frosta gasps as the door squeaks and slams shut behind them.
Mayor says: "It's getting dark outside..."
Mayor says: "You don't want to be out in the dark."
Micah says: "We really should get back to camp."
Mayor says: "But our guest of honor hasn't arrived."
Mayor says: "Stay..."
Mayor says: "and join us  in the light of Horde Prime."
Scene transition to Catra's room on Darla via flash as Catra grunts and pants, gripping her head; she whines as she claws slightly at the chip on her neck, making a clinking noise; she gasps slightly as the door hisses open to reveal Adora, and Catra continues to hyperventilate; Adora drags Entrapta into the room.
Catra says: "What is she doing in here?!"
Catra says: "!"
Catra says: "I told you, I want to be alone!"
Catra says: "You're going to let her operate on me?"
Catra says: "She'll kill me!"
Entrapta says: "..."
Entrapta says: "HOLD STILL!"
Catra says: "Stay away from me!"
Adora says: "so grow up and let us remove it, or we're all dead."
Catra breathes out as she slides down the wall.
Adora says: "..."
Adora says: "You'll never have to see me again."
Adora begins to walk away as Catra exhales lightly; Catra grabs onto Adora's wrist.
Catra says: "Adora, wait--  Stay."
Scene transition to Elberon, celebration hall; the mayor and the villagers hold out their hands and encircle the Rebellion crew.
Mayor says: "Come to Lord Prime's light, and you will find peace."
The villagers moan slightly, reaching for Swift Wind and he whinnies nervously; Netossa and Spinnerella use their magic to push away villagers as Netossa grunts; a villager elbows Netossa and she falls, Spinnerella cries out in distress, going to her; Spinnerella pants, trying to wake Netossa, and air whooshes as she sends a gust to knock over some villagers; Swift Wind neighs and sends a magic blast as Micah grunts and uses a magical goo to stall villagers; Frosta grunts as she headbutts a villager holding her, yelling in preparation to hit them with an icy fist.
Micah says: "Wait!"
Frosta says: "Stop treating me like a little kid!"
Frosta says: "You don't need to protect me!"
Micah says: "I'm not protecting you, I'm protecting them."
Micah says: "You're the strongest one here."
Micah says: "Use your power to defend the team."
Frosta says: "To me!"
The villagers moan as Swift Wind grunts and flies away, Spinnerella carries Netossa, panting.
Frosta shouts as she creates an ice semi-sphere around the Rebellion crew; it is silent for a moment, until hands pound on the wall, the villagers grasping at the ice to break it apart from the outside, groaning.
Netossa says: "What is happening?"
Darla, Catra's room.
Entrapta holds a surgical saw that whirs as it comes on, then stops.
Entrapta says: "Let's begin."
Entrapta takes off the plate covering the chip's wiring and touches at a wire with a tool, making a high pitched squealing occur and causing Catra to gasp and have flashes of Etheria and the people of Elberon.
Catra says: "Wait."
Catra says: "Not yet."
Adora says: "Catra, we don't have time."
Catra says: "It's like all his clones are-are connected to some kind of hive mind, and I was part of it."
Adora says: "Those flashes you're getting?"
Catra says: "But maybe I can see him, too."
Catra says: "I can find out what he's planning."
Adora says: "No, you can't risk letting him back into your head."
Catra says: "Adora, you have to let me try."
Catra says: "Otherwise you're gonna do something stupid and get yourself killed."
Catra says: "Just..."
Catra says: "Just stay with me, while I do it, okay?"
Catra tightens her grip on Adora's hand, and Adora smiles and then nods at Entrapta; Catra takes a deep breath in.
Catra says: "Horde Prime is taking control of Etheria!"
Adora says: "No..."
Adora says: "He..."
Adora says: "he can't!"
Catra says: "It's already happening."
Catra says: "You've gotta stop him!"
A large boom shakes the ship, making Catra yelp and Adora grunt as she grabs onto Catra and holds her close, Catra reciprocating; in space, Darla whooshes past as the Horde ships follow, the ships firing blasts that hit Darla, exploding on impact; Bow groans on the bridge.
Bow says: "Glimmer, get over there and be my eyes!"
Possessed Mayor says: "My children, why do you struggle?"
Possessed Mayor says: "I wish to bring peace to your planet, yet..."
Possessed Mayor says: "you reject it."
Swift Wind says: "Uh--She-Ra!"
Swift Wind says: "If you really are out there, are you getting this?!"
Swift Wind says: "!"
Possessed Mayor says: "Your She-Ra will not come to save you now."
Villagers moan as they surge forward, grabbing onto Frosta as she gasps and grunts, struggling as Spinnerella and Micah grunt and attempt to free her.
Scene transition back to Catra's room inside Darla, the ship shaking and Entrapta vocalizing nervously.
Darla's Interface says: "The hull has sustained multiple fractures."
Darla's Interface says: "We will be unable to withstand another full-on strike."
Catra says: "Adora, please..."
Catra says: "I--I want to go home."
Adora says: "I'm getting us out of here."
The ship shakes as outside a Horde ship blasts away; on the bridge, Bow shouts in effort as he motions the ship forward with his simulated gauntlets.
Scene transition to Elberon, where the villagers moan and Micah groans as he and Frosta struggle and are separated from each other.
Scene transition back to Catra's room inside Darla.
Adora says: "Etheria needs us."
Adora says: "And I won't let him hurt anyone else."
Catra says: "Where are you going?"
Adora says: "To send Horde Prime a message."
Adora says: "For the Honor..."
Adora says: "of Grayskull!"
New She-Ra transformation sequence; her new attire shows traits from each of her best friends, Catra, Glimmer, and Bow; Catra blushes as she looks on.
She-Ra walks out to the bay door, and it opens to show the multiple Horde ships outside; She-Ra yells as she goes out.
Elberon, celebration hall.
Villagers moan as they swarm the Rebellion crew; Netossa grunts as villagers tackle her, and Spinnerella yelps as two more tackle her when she runs to Netossa.
Possessed Mayor says: "Welcome, children."
Possessed Mayor says: "You will be reborn in Prime's image."
A light suddenly erupts behind Frosta and the Mayor shouts in pain, shielding her eyes; villagers shield themselves and cower when Swift Wind is encompassed in light and cheers.
Swift Wind says: "Wh-Whoa!"
Swift Wind says: "Did you guys see that?"
Netossa says: "We'll be impressed later."
Netossa says: "Let's go."
Swift Wind gallops after everyone as they leave, and the Possessed Mayor growls.
Darla, Catra's room.
The ship shakes and booms as Entrapta carefully attempts to pluck at Catra's chip.
Entrapta says: "Careful, now..."
Entrapta uses a tool to zap through the wire, but it cuts just as the ship shakes, causing Catra to yelp in pain.
Entrapta says: "Sorry!"
Catra says: "Just get it off!"
The ship continues to shake and crash as Horde ships follow, whooshing through space; a Horde robot analyzes its screen as She-Ra lands heavily with a metallic thud on the nose of its ship; the bot enlarges the image of She-Ra on his screen with a chime.
She-Ra says: "Tell Horde Prime: this is from me!"
The ship explodes and She-Ra leaps away, more ships whooshing after.
Glimmer says: "Veer left."
Glimmer says: "Up..."
Glimmer says: "up!"
The controls whir as Bow steers; Glimmer notices a light bouncing between asteroids, whooshing as ships follow.
Glimmer says: "Wait, is that--?"
She-Ra lands on an asteroid and glares up at the ships as they whoosh past, then turn to face her; they fire blasts that She-Ra counters and uses to charge her sword, shouting as she sends the blast back at a ship to make it explode; She-Ra jumps to a different asteroid, grunting and jumping away just as a ship charges and blasts, making the asteroid erupt in flames; the ship keeps firing and destroying as She-Ra leaps toward it, shouting and finally landing on the ship and stabbing through to the robot inside; she swipes up and cuts the ship in half; a blast from below as a robot gets out almost hits her, but she shouts and swipes a blast of magical energy at the ship.
Glimmer says: "Yeah!"
Bow says: "What is going on out there?"
She-Ra forms a magical platform beneath her, then hops from it to the top of Darla; She-Ra charges a blast, then swipes magical energy to explode the rest of the ships around them.
Scene transition back to Catra's room.
Entrapta says: "Allllmoooost..."
Entrapta pulls the chip off Catra and the wires disconnect as a whirring, powering down noise is heard.
Catra says: "..."
Catra says: "Thank you."
Catra says: "And..."
Catra says: "I'm sorry."
Entrapta says: "I forgive you."
Catra stunned and then smiles.
Darla, bridge.
Entrapta says: "Shields and autopilot are back online."
Adora says: "She-Ra..."
Adora says: "She's really back..."
Adora says: "Like back for real."
They all look up as the door hums closed and Glimmer and Wrong Hordak walk in holding steamed buns on trays.
Wrong Hordak says: "Brothers."
Glimmer says: "Who wants dinner?"
Wrong Hordak sits down a tray that clanks on the ground, buns hissing with steam.
Bow says: "Glimmer..."
Bow says: "You made these?"
Glimmer says: "Wrong Hordak helped."
Glimmer says: "Everyone eat, eat!"
Glimmer says: "I used to make these with my mom."
Glimmer says: "She wasn't that good a cook, either, so I figured it would be hard to mess up."
Adora says: "This is really good."
Bow says: "Okay, hold up."
Bow says: "Glimmer, this is amazing!"
Entrapta says: "Oh, wow, this is delicious."
Wrong Hordak laughs.
Adora says: "Wait, you made these in the oven, from dehydrated slaw?"
Adora says: "This is so good!"
The door beeps and hisses open as Catra walks in, the door thumping shut behind her; she walks up to the group and silently sits behind them, knees pulled into herself; Glimmer and Bow share a look, then smile as they scoot apart to make room for Catra, who crawls forward to sit between them; Glimmer hands her a steamed bun and Catra looks up at Adora, who smiles at her, and Catra smiles back, taking a bite.
Glimmer says: "How is it?"
Glimmer says: "It smells good, right?"
Entrapta says: "Does this come in smaller sizes, though?"
Bow says: "Did you see that asteroid that was coming right at us?"
Bow says: "Then Glimmer was like,  "Oh, no."
Bow says: "Bow, stop."
Bow says: "" and then I was like, "Okay, I'll stop."
Wrong Hordak says: "I put amniotic fluid in there."
Wrong Hordak says: "..."
Wrong Hordak says: "That was a joke."
Whispering Woods.
The Rebellion crew walks toward their camp.
Spinnerella says: "We--We've gotta go back for them."
Micah says: "We will."
Micah says: "But first we need to figure out what that was."
Micah says: "And how to stop it."
Swift Wind says: "She-Ra will know."
Swift Wind says: "She's coming home, I can feel it."
Swift Wind says: "She's getting closer every day."
Micah pats Swift Wind.
Frosta says: "Sorry for calling you an old man."
Frosta says: "Glimmer's really lucky to have you as a dad."
Micah says: "Really?"
Micah says: "You think so?"
Frosta says: "Yes, but you really gotta stop trying so hard."
Spinnerella laughs.
Netossa says: "we'll get through this."
Spinnerella's hair swishes aside to reveal a chip on her neck.
Credits Roll.