Open on Bright Moon Council room.  Spinerella, Netossa, a guard, Glimmer, Adora, and Bow are seated around a table.  Angella sits on a fancy chair higher than all the rest.
Angella says: "Council, we're looking for plans to strengthen our defenses against the Horde."
Angella says: "Who would like to go first?"
Glimmer's hand shoots up.
Glimmer says: "Me, me, me."
Glimmer says: "Me."
Glimmer says: "Me, me."
Angella sighs.
Angella says: "Who besides Glimmer would like to go first?"
Glimmer stands.
Glimmer says: "Mom-- Uh, eugh, your majesty."
Glimmer says: "You should let me, Bow, and Adora continue our princess recruitment mission."
Glimmer says: "If we can form a new Princess Alliance, The Rebellion would actually stand a chance for once."
Angella says: "The princesses withdrew from the last alliance."
Angella says: "They chose to focus on protecting their own lands."
Glimmer says: "So, are we supposed to just..."
Glimmer says: "give up?"
Glimmer says: "Please, let me try."
Glimmer says: "All I'm proposing is a diplomatic mission."
Angella says: "So, what do you propose?"
Glimmer activates a holographic map of Etheria.
Glimmer says: "Anyone approaching Bright Moon by sea needs to pass through the Salineas Sea Gate."
Glimmer says: "It's controlled by Mermista now that her father's retired."
Glimmer says: "With her on our side, the Rebellion could control the seas."
Glimmer says: "We NEED this alliance with her, Mom."
Arrows appear on the map as Glimmer talks to illustrate her point.  After she finishes talking, the map vanishes.
Angella says: "The journey is treacherous, Glimmer."
Angella says: "I'm not sure."
Glimmer says: "Don't worry, Mom."
Glimmer says: "With She-Ra, we can conquer anything."
Adora says: "And, uh, we're also gonna need a boat."
Glimmer says: "With She-Ra and a boat, we can conquer anything."
Bow says: "Aaaaand an experienced sea captain."
Glimmer makes an annoyed yell.
Glimmer says: "With She-Ra, a boat, and an experienced sea captain,  we can conquer anything."
Angella says: "Very well."
Glimmer gasps.
Glimmer says: "Yes!"
Glimmer teleports to kiss Angella and hug her.
Angella says: "I mean it, Glimmer."
Angella says: "No violence, and no collateral damage."
Glimmer teleports between Bow and Adora, throwing her hands over them.
Glimmer says: "Thanks, Mom, you won't regret it."
Angella sighs. Intro plays. We see many flying boats outside a building on a cliff. Cut to Bow, Adora, and Glimmer entering.  Various Etherians are cheering, drinking, making deals, playing cards.  Cut to Bow, Adora, and Glimmer at the entrance.  Bow looks excited.
Bow says: "This is so cool."
Bow says: "Seaworthy is just like I imagined it."
Bow says: "Everyone here looks like a real pirate!"
Glimmer says: "Focus, Bow."
Glimmer says: "We're just here to find a sea captain."
Bow says: "No pirates?"
Glimmer says: "No pirates."
Bow says: "Arrrr."
Adora says: "None of these people look qualified to sail a ship."
Glimmer goes up to the bar.
Glimmer says: "Excuse me."
Glimmer chuckles.  She oohs as the camera pans to a muscular lady with short hair and an anchor tattoo.
Glimmer says: "Er, we're looking for a sea captain to take us to Salineas."
The lady points to two Etherians arm wrestling, surrounded by spectators. Sea Hawk wins the match.
Sea Hawk says: "I won."
Sea Hawk says: "Drinks all around."
Sea Hawk says: "Put it on my friend here's tab."
The trio approach him nervously.
Glimmer says: "Uh,  hiiii."
Glimmer says: "We were told you're a sea captain?"
Sea Hawk says: "I am the one and only Sea Hawk."
Sea Hawk jumps up onto the table.
Sea Hawk says: "Has my reputation preceded me?"
Bow says: "Your name is Sea Hawk?"
Bow says: "That's the coolest name I've ever heard!"
Glimmer and Sea Hawk sit at the table.
Glimmer says: "Captain Sea Hawk, we're interviewing potential captains to take us to Salineas."
Glimmer says: "Would you like to apply for the position?"
Sea Hawk says: "Apply for the position?"
Sea Hawk says: "I am the one and only Sea Hawk."
Sea Hawk says: "I'm offer only."
Adora puts her hands on the table.
Adora says: "Okay."
Adora says: "Just because "Sea" is in your name, doesn't tell us anything about your ACTUAL qualifications."
Sea Hawk stands, putting his hands on the table and matching Adora's pose.
Sea Hawk says: "Qualifications?"
Sea Hawk says: "I once ran the 50-klick Galebreath Gauntlet in less than 20 klicks."
Sea Hawk says: "I maneuvered the straits of Serpentine with nary a chip in the paint of my bow."
Sea Hawk says: "My shanties are considered so desirable, that sirens fling THEMSELVES into the sea at the sound of them."
Sea Hawk says: "And because I can tell you're wondering, my mustache is..."
Sea Hawk says: "naturally shiny."
Bow leans in to look at Sea Hawk's mustache.
Bow says: "It IS shiny."
Bow says: "You're hired."
Glimmer elbows Bow aside and pushes in front of him.
Bow says: "Ow."
Sea Hawk says: "Whoa, there, kids."
Sea Hawk says: "What makes you think you can afford me?"
Glimmer says: "I assure you, Captain Sea Hawk, money is no object."
Sea Hawk hands Glimmer a folded piece of paper.
Sea Hawk says: "Behold my fee."
Glimmer opens the paper, gasps, and closes it again.
Glimmer says: "Money might be an object."
Glimmer says: "You know what, fine."
Glimmer says: "We'll just find ANOTHER sea captain."
Sea Hawk says: "Good luck with that."
Sea Hawk says: "You won't find another soul who knows the treacherous route to Salineas as well as I do."
Sea Hawk says: "I brave it often to visit my close personal friend, Princess Mermista."
Glimmer says: "You know her?"
Sea Hawk says: "Uh do I?"
Adora laughs, slamming her hand down on the table. She sits down and holds her other arm up.
Adora says: "Okay, well, here's the deal."
Adora says: "We go one round, winner takes all."
Adora says: "You win, we leave you alone."
Adora says: "I win, you take us to Salineas."
Adora says: "At no cost."
Sea Hawk says: "That's a terrible deal."
Sea Hawk says: "But I am undefeated at arm wrestling."
Sea Hawk says: "Let me show you how it's done, lassie."
They grunt furiously as they arm wrestle.
Bow says: "Go Adoraaaa, put him in the dirt."
Glimmer says: "This is so dumb."
Sea Hawk says: "Ha!"
Sea Hawk says: "Is this the best you've got?"
Sea Hawk says: "I once beat a Tyrosaur with biceps the size of my head in an arm-wrestling match that lasted two weeks."
Adora shoves his hand onto the table.
Adora says: "Ha!"
Bow says: "Yeah!"
Sea Hawk says: "Come on, kids, with me!"
Sea Hawk says: "Forward to adventure!"
A shadow spy looms watching on the balcony above, magical energy hissing as it disperses itself to follow them.
Scene transition to the Fright Zone, inside the Black Garnet chamber; Shadow Weaver stands with Catra at her magical reflecting pool.
Shadow Weaver says: "Adora is in Seaworthy."
Shadow Weaver says: "I'm giving you one more chance to bring her back."
Catra says: "Uh..."
Catra says: "didn't Hordak just order to you to stop going after Adora?"
Shadow Weaver says: "And who is going to tell him?"
Shadow Weaver says: "You?"
Catra says: "Fine."
Catra says: "About time you started treating me like a Force Captain anyway."
Catra says: "I'll bring her back."
Shadow Weaver says: "Not so faaast."
Shadow Weaver says: "You won't be going alone."
Shadow Weaver says: "You'll be joined by Force Captain Scorpia."
Scorpia's footsteps thunder as she walks in.
Scorpia says: "Just so you know, I'm a hugger."
Scorpia hugs Catra, and Catra squeaks and grunts, struggling to get away, finally leaping out of her hold.
Catra says: "Is this some kind of joke?!"
Catra says: "!"
Shadow Weaver says: "Scorpia will see that you are..."
Shadow Weaver says: "kept in line."
Catra says: "Ugh."
Catra says: "Okay, whatever."
Catra says: "You're at least giving me a vehicle, right?"
Shadow Weaver says: "Something like that."
At sea, a Horde ship.
Catra nauseously looks over the edge of the ship as the ships' metal creaks and the waves whoosh in its wake.
Catra says: "No..."
Scorpia says: "BOATS!"
Scorpia says: "Oh, I just love boats, don't you?"
Scorpia says: "that's what I call living."
Catra says: "Yeah, I'm really gonna need you to shut up..."
Scorpia says: "Aw, are you seasick?"
Catra huffs a groan and scrapes her claws through the metal railing; Catra then grunts when Scorpia picks her up.
Scorpia says: "Now, just focus on me, okay?"
Scorpia says: "It'll help."
Catra says: "What is wrong with you?"
They notice Lonnie, Kyle, and Rogelio standing nearby, the ball on Kyle's cup-ball toy tapping and then stopping when he sees Catra and Scorpia.
Catra says: "What are you looking at?"
Catra says: "Get back to doing boat things."
At sea, Sea Hawk's ship.
Flag flaps.
Sea Hawk says: "Welcome aboard The Dragon's Daughter..."
Sea Hawk says: "III."
Adora says: "What happened to The Dragon's Daughters I and II?"
Sea Hawk says: "Tragically, they went down in flames..."
Bow says: "How did that happen?"
Sea Hawk says: "ADVENTURE!"
Adora says: "Are we sure about this guy?"
Glimmer says: "He just needs to get us there."
Sea Hawk says: "You'll of course be expected to earn your keep by helping out around the ship."
Sea Hawk says: "Never fear I will teach you everything you need to know..."
Sea Hawk says: "in shanty form!"
Sea Hawk says: "--What are you doing?"
Bow says: "Oh."
Bow says: "I noticed your mainsail wasn't secured, so I fixed it."
Sea Hawk says: "Tying proper knots is a task that takes years to master..."
Sea Hawk says: "You did these just now?!"
Sea Hawk says: "!"
Bow says: "Yes!"
Bow says: "Sea Hawk is impressed with my knots!"
Bow says: "This is the best day of my life!"
Sea Hawk says: "Excellent work."
Sea Hawk says: "Ooooooh--!"
Glimmer teleports to the crow's nest and Sea Hawk gasps, falling back a little against the railing.
Adora says: "I unfurled the jib."
Sea Hawk says: "By yourself?"
Sea Hawk says: "Not even a sailor as experienced as..."
Sea Hawk says: "me could do that."
Adora says: "I'm better at this than you are?"
Glimmer says: "And the name is Glimmer."
Sea Hawk says: "Well, you are a strangely overqualified crew."
Sea Hawk says: "..."
Sea Hawk says: "What do you even need old Sea Hawk for?"
Glimmer says: "Can we focus on our super important mission, here?"
Glimmer says: "More sailing, less shanty-ing."
Sea Hawk says: "I know she is to see me."
Glimmer says: "My name is Glimmer--!"
Sea Hawk says: "Oooooooh!"
Sea Hawk's Shanty.
I'm Sea Hawk, I am, I am.
If you're looking for adventure, then I am your man.
If you want to ride / On the waves of deepest blue.
Through perilous winds / Then I got you.
Some say I'm a hero / Some say I'm a man!
What I know for sure is / I'm Sea Hawk, I am, I am!
Bow plays the violin as Sea Hawk laughs and says "Adventure.".
Shanty ends; Time passes, and there are metal creaking noises as a ship graveyard comes into view; Glimmer looks down at the map and the paper flutters.
Glimmer says: "Something's wrong..."
Glimmer says: "According to the map, we're way off-course."
Glimmer looks down at Adora and Sea Hawk grunting on the deck as they arm-wrestle, Bow cheering them on from the side.
Bow says: "WHOO!"
Bow says: "Yeah, let's go!"
Bow says: "Go, Adora."
Bow says: "Yeah!"
Adora says: "Ha!"
Adora says: "Yes!"
Sea Hawk says: "Best three out of five!"
Glimmer says: "Is anyone worried about this?!"
Glimmer says: "!"
A booming crash is heard and Glimmer screams in surprise while the ship shakes.
Glimmer says: "What was that?!"
Glimmer says: "!"
Sea Hawk says: "Aha!"
Sea Hawk says: "We're here."
A crash booms again, wood creaking, and the ship shaking causes the crew to yelp and fall over; Glimmer, Bow, and Sea Hawk all go to look over the side of the ship, and Glimmer gasps; a serpent surfaces under the ship and rocks it, causing them all to fall back and shout; waves crash as the ship lands back into the water and they all get back up.
Sea Hawk says: "The Serpent of the Sea."
Sea Hawk says: "I knew he'd be lurking in these waters."
Glimmer says: "Wait, you brought us here on purpose?!"
Glimmer says: "!"
Glimmer and Bow scream as the serpent jumps out of the water and rocks the ship again.
Sea Hawk says: "You see, I don't just provide sea transport."
Sea Hawk says: "Come on, crew."
Sea Hawk says: "We're in for a harrowing ADVENTURE!"
The serpent bursts from the ocean roaring, water crashing in its wake.
Adora says: "For the Honor of Grayskull!"
A flash of light off-screen and a magical hiss can be heard.
She-Ra says: "Waaatch thiiiiis!"
She-Ra leaps from the ship toward the monster, lifting her sword and shouting; she grunts and her sword clangs as she slams down and cracks the serpent's teeth; the monster roars and hisses as it slinks down under the surface, She-Ra yelling and water crashing.
Sea Hawk says: "Is that a normal thing she does?"
Bow says: "Yeah."
Bow says: "It takes some getting used to."
She-Ra says: "Wait, no--!"
Glimmer says: "Let me get this straight."
Glimmer says: "You steered us into a giant sea serpent just so you could, what, show off?!"
Glimmer says: "!"
Sea Hawk says: "That was the plan, until your tall friend there STOLE my THUNDER!"
Glimmer says: "Just get us to Salineas."
Glimmer says: "You've wasted enough of our time."
Adora says: "We're all good."
Glimmer says: "Adora--!"
Glimmer says: "Get in the boat!"
Horde ship, stalled near the Sea Gate.
Catra walks to the top of the ship, looking down on Kyle who is using a telescope to spy ahead.
Catra says: "Why have we stopped?"
Kyle says: "The Sea Gate is blocking our path."
Kyle says: "..."
Kyle says: "There's no way past, Force Captain Catra."
Catra says: "Oh, Shadow Weaver didn't bother to mention that there was a massive gate blocking the way to Seaworthy?"
Scorpia says: "Wait, didn't you learn about the Salineas Sea Gate in Force Captain Orientation?"
Catra says: "There's a Force Captain Orientation?!"
Catra says: "!"
Scorpia says: "Oho, yes there is!"
Catra groans; Lonnie and Rogelio laugh at Kyle in the background as Kyle vocalizes a pout; Catra stands and lashes her tail.
Catra says: "All hands on deck!"
Catra says: "We're finding a way through that gate."
Scorpia says: "Oo, impressive Captain yell."
Scene transition to just on the other side of the Sea Gate where the Dragon's Daughter III has docked; Bow's feet crunch on the shore as he leaps off the ship.
Bow says: "..."
Bow says: "Where is everyone?"
Wind blows as they look on at the empty city.
Sea Hawk says: "Hmm..."
Sea Hawk says: "very odd, indeed."
Sea Hawk says: "If I know the princess Mermista--and I-I do--something's amiss."
Salineas Guard says: "..."
Salineas Guard says: "What's your business in Salineas?"
Sea Hawk says: "Tell her Sea Hawk is with them, she'll be excited to see me."
Salineas throne room.
Mermista says: "Ew, who let him back in here?"
Sea Hawk runs to Mermista's throne as the crew and the guard follow at a walking pace.
Sea Hawk says: "Princess!"
Sea Hawk says: "Oh, it's been too long."
Sea Hawk says: "I have dreamed of you night and day since we parted."
Mermista says: "Uh-huh..."
Mermista says: "And who are you?"
The Guard shoves Sea hawk from behind as they pass, making Sea Hawk grunt.
Glimmer says: "My name is Glimmer of Bright Moon."
Glimmer says: "We've never met, but our parents fought in the Rebellion together."
Mermista says: "Oh, yeah..."
Mermista says: "I remember hearing about the old Princess Alliance."
Mermista says: "My dad said it was a total disaster."
Guard elbows Sea Hawk and he grunts.
Mermista says: "Will you quit it?"
Mermista says: "I'm trying to talk to my new friend Twinkle."
Mermista says: "..."
Sea Hawk says: "Oooo, hors-d'oeuvres!"
Mermista says: "For everyone but Sea Hawk."
Sea Hawk sits next to her/sidles himself onto the armrest of the throne.
Bow says: "Your guard is also your butler?"
Mermista says: "I'm a little understaffed right now."
Adora says: "What?!"
Glimmer says: "What?!"
Bow says: "What?!"
Adora says: "!"
Glimmer says: "!"
Bow says: "!"
Mermista says: "It figures that I would inherit a kingdom that's crumbling, but it's totally fine--I'm..."
Mermista says: "handling it."
Mermista says: "It's just kind of inconvenient because the Horde won't stop attacking us..."
Glimmer says: "Why is the gate falling apart?"
Mermista says: "I mean, who knows, but it's getting weaker everyday, and if the Horde tries to attack us again, we're pretty much dead."
Glimmer says: "The Horde is the reason we're here."
Glimmer says: "We want to rebuild the Princess Alliance."
Glimmer says: "None of us stand a chance on our own, but we might be able to stop them together."
Mermista says: "Yeah, cause that went so great the first time."
Mermista says: "Why should I help Bright Moon?"
Mermista says: "It's not like they've ever done anything to help us."
Mermista says: "No, no more shanties."
Mermista says: "annoying..."
Bow says: "I thought you said she liked you?"
Sea Hawk says: "We have a rich and complicated past."
Mermista says: "If by that you mean you got us kicked out of the Dolphin Social for challenging the doorman to a duel, then sure."
Sea Hawk says: "..."
Sea Hawk says: "I don't recall doing that."
Mermista says: "And that time that you set our gondola on fire in the Tunnel of Love?"
Sea Hawk says: "Ooo..."
Sea Hawk says: "that I do recall."
Adora says: "..."
Adora says: "This is First One's writing."
Mermista says: "And, who is she again?"
Mermista says: "What is she doing?"
Bow says: "That's Adora."
Bow says: "She has a magic sword."
Glimmer says: "What does it say?"
Adora says: "Uh..."
Adora says: "it's something about the Gate..."
Adora says: "The First Ones must have built it."
Adora says: "It looks like the Gate gets its power from the Salinean Runestone..."
Adora says: "It could be that the Gate is failing because it's losing its connection to the power source."
Glimmer says: "Do you think you can fix it?"
Adora says: "I can try..."
Glimmer says: "Look, Mermista."
Glimmer says: "You need our help, and we need yours."
Glimmer says: "If Adora can repair your gate, will you consider joining us?"
Glimmer says: "Please?"
Mermista says: "But he has to leave."
Sea Hawk says: "But..."
Sea Hawk says: "where am I supposed to go?"
Bow says: "..."
Bow says: "Maybe wait with the boat, okay, buddy?"
Bow says: "We'll take care of the gate."
A rock floating just near the edge of the Sea Gate.
The gate hums and makes glitching noises; spouts of water seep through the Gate, splashing on the other side; Glimmer, Bow, Adora, and Mermista walk up to the gap separating them from the gate.
Mermista says: "I really hope you know what you're doing."
Adora says: "I got this..."
Adora says: "For the Honor..."
Adora says: "of Grayskull!"
A flash of light as Adora transforms into She-Ra.
Mermista says: "Wow."
Mermista says: "Okay."
Mermista says: "That's..."
Mermista says: "different."
She-Ra grips her sword with both hands and points it at the Gate, concentrating; the sword glows with magical energy that thrums and shoots out to the Gate; the Gate glows in return and begins to repair itself with digital beeps and hums; She-Ra grunts slightly as she struggles to upkeep the connection.
Bow says: "..."
Bow says: "Is it working?"
She-Ra says: "Don't distract me..."
She-Ra says: "this is a lot harder than it looks..."
She-Ra continues to grunt as she charges the Gate, whirring noises and beeping signifying its repair.
Glimmer says: "Where are you going?"
Sea Hawk says: "I'd really appreciate it if you'd stop doing that."
Glimmer says: "Are you leaving without us?"
Sea Hawk says: "It's for the best."
Sea Hawk says: "I'm only getting in your way..."
Sea Hawk says: "But here, I can't even get anyone to take me seriously."
Glimmer says: "Yeah..."
Glimmer says: "I know a little about that."
Glimmer says: "I can't get anyone to take me seriously either."
Sea Hawk says: "You?"
Sea Hawk says: "But you're a princess..."
Sea Hawk says: "."
Glimmer says: "Try being the daughter of an immortal queen, when your powers are  "sparkles."
Glimmer says: "Glimmer."
Sea Hawk says: "--we just met, but I can tell you are a brave and powerful soul."
Sea Hawk says: "Anyone who'd underestimate you would live to sorely regret it."
Glimmer says: "Thanks, Sea Hawk."
Glimmer says: "And you know what?"
Glimmer says: "You still have friends and a crew."
Glimmer says: "Reporting for duty, Captain!"
Floating rock near the Sea Gate.
Mermista, She-Ra, and Bow stand while She-Ra concentrates and her sword hums with energy as the Gate repairs itself.
Bow says: "Uh..."
Bow says: "Adora?"
The Horde ship sails into view.
Bow says: "It's the Horde!"
Glimmer says: "What?!"
Glimmer says: "!"
On the Horde ship, Scorpia grunts as she presses down on a lever, charging a cannon with a thrum; a laser blast fires out and hits the Gate, creating a hole; She-Ra is zapped with electricity as the Gate is hit, making her shout in pain and stop charging the Gate; the barrel of the cannon hisses with discharged smoke as Catra notices the Rebellion crew and looks through her telescope at She-Ra, still electrified.
Back on the floating rock.
Bow says: "They're coming for the gate!"
She-Ra says: "Keep them busy."
Bow grunts as he hops down the floating rocks and Mermista shouts as she transforms her bottom half into a mermaid's tail, diving and splashing into the water; the Horde ship sails closer and Bow grunts as he jumps a few more rocks, then fires a rope arrow whistling at the ship; he propels himself over to the ship and drives the edge of his bow into the sail to slow his descent, ripping the fabric; he lands on the deck, and fires an arrow at Kyle, pinning him by the shirt to the back of the ship with a thud; Lonnie readies her stun baton and yells, charging at Bow until they both collide in grunts and humming discharge from the stun baton and Bow's bow; they take swipes at each other and miss, and Bow laughs in triumph preemptively as he fires an arrow and misses, letting Lonnie leap into the air and lands onto Bow; Bow's arrow explodes goo all over Scorpia's cannon, and it fizzles with electricity.
Scorpia says: "Oh, come on."
Bow punches Lonnie off him and she lands grunting; Lonnie shouts, caught off-balance by a large wave rocking the ship, Mermista diving back into the water nearby; Lonnie shouts and charges at Bow, Bow disarming her; Kyle runs at them both screaming and hoisting his stun baton haphazardly, while Bow grabs Lonnie and tosses her into him; a spout of water coming over the side pushes them into the water, Mermista diving back into the ocean again; Scorpia grabs Bow by the shirt collar.
Bow says: "Oh."
Bow says: "..."
Bow says: "You're big."
Scorpia says: "See ya!"
Bow screams as he falls toward one of the Horde ship's engine blades; Sea Hawk swoops in on a rope and collides, thudding, into Bow, rescuing him.
Sea Hawk says: "Gotcha."
Bow says: "Sea Hawk!"
Sea Hawk laughs triumphantly as he swings them onto the nearby Dragon's Daughter III, Mermista propelling herself onto the deck with a water spout as well.
Glimmer says: "Bow!"
Glimmer says: "Are you all right?"
Bow says: "AMAZING!"
Sea Hawk says: "Thank you for noticing, Bow."
Sea Hawk says: "It was amazing."
The Horde ship's laser fires again as the ship races toward the Gate.
Sea Hawk says: "Nothing's slowing them down."
Sea Hawk says: "What do we do?"
Glimmer says: "I think I have a plan."
Glimmer says: "But no one is allowed to tell my mom about this."
Glimmer says: "Sea Hawk, I need your help."
Glimmer says: "I need you to do what you do best."
Sea Hawk says: "What?"
Glimmer says: "Set your ship on fire."
Sea Hawk says: "Yes!"
Horde ship.
Lonnie and Kyle grunt as they hold back the lever for the cannon as it fires another laser blast at the Gate; when the blast connects, She-Ra cries out in pain as electricity zaps through her and she momentarily stops charging the Gate; Catra lands on the sword in metal clang.
Catra says: "Wow."
Catra says: "You know, the tiara actually gets stupider the more I look at it."
Catra says: "Did you think it would be that easy to escape the Horde?"
Catra says: "I mean, I always knew you were kinda dumb, but..."
Catra says: "come on."
She-Ra says: "What's your plan, insult me until I decide to rejoin the Horde?"
Catra says: "I don't think Shadow Weaver is planning to give you much of a choice."
Catra says: "But, yeah, something like that."
Catra extends her claws and swipes at She-Ra, clanging off her metal bracer; Catra leaps off the sword while She-Ra is shocked again.
She-Ra says: "Congratulations."
Catra says: "Seems like only yesterday this was the thing you wanted most in the world."
Catra says: "And now you're-- ugh."
Catra says: "Come on, Adora, hasn't this all gone on long enough?"
She-Ra says: "I told you before, Catra."
She-Ra says: "I'm not."
She-Ra says: "Going."
She-Ra says: "Back."
Catra grunts in anger, then leaps around She-Ra, scratching at her a few times while She-Ra attempts to block with her bracers; Catra gets inside her guard and grabs her arm, punching her in the stomach and making her kneel while she groans in pain.
Catra says: "When did you get so weak?"
A geyser of water bursts up and splashes Catra, screaming, off the rock; Bow, riding on Mermista's back in the ocean, cheers and then they both dive under the water, suddenly bursting back up again as Mermista transforms her tail back into legs and lands with Bow on the rock next to She-Ra.
She-Ra says: "Thanks."
Mermista says: "Yeah, whatever, don't mention it."
Meanwhile, the Gate hums, losing energy; on the Horde ship, Lonnie and Kyle man the cannon, and Scorpia looks on.
Sea Hawk says: "Ha ha!"
The Dragon's Daughter III skirts quickly around the Horde ship, then doubles back, heading straight at the Horde ship.
Glimmer says: "Adventure!"
Sea Hawk says: "Adventure!"
Glimmer teleports them off the Dragon's Daughter III; the ship combusts.
Lonnie says: "What the heck?!"
Lonnie says: "!"
The flaming ship and Horde ship sail full-speed at each other, and the Horde crew scream and jump ship right before the two ships collide and explode;the wreckage sinks down under the waves; Glimmer and Sea Hawk teleport next to Bow, and they all cheer; She-Ra takes a deep breath and concentrates, her aura glowing; the sword sends out charging energy to the Gate again, She-Ra groaning in effort as the Gate magically repairs itself fully; Catra bursts out from underwater nearby, gasping for air, and Scorpia swims by on a piece of driftwood to haul her away.
The Rebellion crew cheer and celebrate.
Mermista says: "Yay, that was cool."
Mermista says: "I'm..."
Mermista says: "over it, though."
Bow hugs Adora as Glimmer squeals in happiness next to them, and Catra looks on, sighing as she's hauled through the water.
The Rebellion crew stand on the shore just outside the Sea Gate.
Mermista says: "Huh, what do you know, you actually fixed it."
Adora says: "It's beautiful."
Mermista says: "I suppose you can have one of mine..."
Behind the group, a different ship sits on the shore, and the Guard christens the ship by breaking a bottle on the side, glass shattering.
Sea Hawk says: "..."
Sea Hawk says: "She's gorgeous..."
Mermista says: "Don't set it on fire."
Sea Hawk says: "if I might ask for one more favor?"
Mermista says: "You're always ruining it."
Sea Hawk says: "With her at the helm, she is sure to lead the Rebellion to victory."
Glimmer says: "Aw, Sea Hawk..."
Glimmer says: "You even got my name right."
Mermista says: "Okay, I'm in."
Glimmer says: "Really?"
Mermista says: "Yeah."
Mermista says: "The Horde almost destroyed my home."
Mermista says: "I wanna help fight them."
Mermista says: "Plus, your friend over there can turn into like an eight-foot tall lady with a sword, and I want her on my side."
[The crew cheers Mermista as Glimmer hugs her says: "Excelsior!"
Adora puts an arm on her shoulders says: "Excelsior!"
while Sea Hawk says says: "Excelsior!"
[The crew cheers Mermista as Glimmer hugs her says: "Huzzah!"
Adora puts an arm on her shoulders says: "Huzzah!"
while Sea Hawk says says: "Huzzah!"
Mermista says: "Wow, okay, calm down."
Glimmer says: "You won't regret this, I promise."
Bow and Sea Hawk start to sing a shanty together.
The Best Friends Squad on the seas.
We subdued the threat / The threat with ease!
We sail the world / Come near or far.
We're Best Friends / We are, we are.
We're Best Friends / We are, we are!
Sea Hawk laughs triumphantly as they all stand together.
Credits Roll.