It is a sunny, peaceful morning in Bright Moon. Inside the Bright Moon Castle's War Room, Adora, Bow and Huntara are waiting for Glimmer to arrive.
Adora says: "So, where's Glimmer again?"
Adora says: "Didn't she call us here?"
Bow says: "Uh, I'm sure she'll be here soon."
Glimmer teleports into the room, right in between Adora and Bow. Both of them scream.
Adora says: "Glimmer..."
Huntara says: "Oh, I see."
Huntara says: "She's really taking this queen stuff seriously."
Adora frowns slightly as Glimmer teleports back in with Mermista at her side.
Adora says: "Uh, Glimmer?"
Glimmer says: "What?"
Adora says: "The Crimson Waste is a desert."
Adora says: "Doesn't Mermista need, like, water to use her powers?"
Mermista slurps her straw loudly as Glimmer looks over at her. She is clearly unimpressed. Glimmer turns back to Adora.
Glimmer says: "Oh, good point."
Glimmer says: "Be right back!"
Huntara says: "She gonna do that all the time now?"
Adora says: "Oh, definitely."
General Juliet says: "Did I hear the queen?"
General Juliet says: "She's needed in the defence meeting immediately."
All look over as Glimmer teleports into the room, this time with Perfuma.
Glimmer says: "But, like I was saying, the Waste has tons of plants which you can use to bring the ship back!"
Perfuma says: "The C..."
Perfuma says: "the Crimson Waste?"
Glimmer says: "…stay back and do important queen duties."
Adora says: "Hey!"
Adora says: "Leave it all to us!"
Adora says: "It'll probably be a boring mission anyway."
General Juliet says: "Queen Glimmer, you are extremely late for your next meeting."
Opening theme.
Scene Change.
Dreary music plays as Adora, Bow, Perfuma and Huntara walk through the Crimson Waste.
Perfuma says: "So..."
Perfuma says: "this is, like, your kingdom?"
Huntara says: "I'm not a princess."
Perfuma says: "Still, it must be nice to be home."
Perfuma says: "Do you miss it?"
Huntara says: "I left."
Huntara says: "Now I'm back."
Huntara says: "No need to make a big thing out of it."
Perfuma says: "Mm-hm!"
Silence reigns for a few moments. Huntara glances at Perfuma again, looking almost sympathetic.
Huntara says: "You, um, make flowers?"
Perfuma says: "I control all plants."
Perfuma says: "Watch."
Huntara says: "Uh-huh."
Perfuma attempts to control the plant once more, making sounds of effort and exasperation. The plant transforms into a larger, less attractive form of itself.
Huntara says: "If we run into trouble, is Flower Girl gonna be able to handle herself?"
Adora says: "Oh, Perfuma?"
Adora says: "Oh yeah, she's a demon in battle."
Huntara looks over to Perfuma, who is attempting to rid herself of the goop while still making sounds of revulsion. She glances over at Adora again uncertainly.
Adora says: "Plus, I got this!"
Huntara says: "A bracelet?"
Adora says: "No."
Adora says: "Soft?"
Adora says: "Are you serious?"
Adora says: "I'm as tough as ever."
Adora says: "I bet I can beat you to the ship."
Huntara says: "Never gonna happen."
An intense staring-contest succeeds between the two before they both suddenly run off in the same direction, racing. Bow stands and watches them elbow and push each other with his hands on his hips. Perfuma appears behind him, still trying to clean off the goop.
Bow says: "I'm trying to expand my arsenal with new tech."
Bow says: "What do you think?"
Bow says: "Wanna talk about it?"
Perfuma says: "I'm really trying to be zen about this, but if I'm being honest, and I always try to speak my truth, I just don't get cacti!"
Perfuma says: "They're just so rough and unfriendly!"
Bow says: "Well..."
Bow says: "maybe if you give cacti a chance, you'll find that under that rough surface, she's a really great friend!"
Perfuma says: "Huh?"
Bow says: "Uh..."
Bow says: "this cacti thing is about Huntara, right?"
Perfuma says: "How am I ever gonna use them to move the ship?"
Adora says: "I could've run more."
Huntara says: "Or it could've been any number of Crimson Waste scavengers."
Huntara says: "And I could've run more."
Perfuma says: "Gosh, well, I guess we'll just have to come back another time."
Adora says: "Yep, I'm ready."
Adora says: "No."
Adora says: "Hang up."
Glimmer says: "What’s Adora doing?"
Adora says: "There’s no reason to worry her."
Adora says: "We’ll find the ship!"
Huntara says: "This is my home turf."
Huntara says: "Huntara can track anything in the Waste."
Huntara says: "Then you know… it’s all in the sand."
Huntara says: "it was the Horde."
Bow says: "We could also, you know, just… follow these."
Scene Change.
Large birds fly over the group as they continue to trudge through the Crimson Waste. They walk in silence for a moment until Huntara, who is ahead, realises where they are going.
Huntara says: "Oh, of course."
Huntara says: "I should have known!"
Bow says: "Uh… should you though?"
Bow says: "Because I don’t see anything."
Perfuma says: "Oh well, we tried!"
Huntara says: "The Valley of the Lost."
Huntara says: "It's a smuggler's haven and my home."
Adora, Bow, Perfuma and Huntara are shown walking through the Valley of the Lost. Horde soldiers will occasionally pass by as they go by multiple gatherings, of which one is a blacksmith's shop and the other a bug-fighting ring. Roars, shouts and cheers sound all around them. Huntara peers around a corner, where two Horde soldiers are standing, and quietly takes three beige robes, handing them over to Adora, Bow and Perfuma.
Adora says: "How are we supposed to find anything in there?"
Huntara says: "This has been my gang's base since I arrived here."
Huntara says: "Nothing can hide from me in this valley."
The team keeps walking through the valley. They go past an alleyway where a deal seems to be happening; a robot hands a frog-like creature a bag of coins and, in return, receives a mechanical arm. The robot then takes out a Stun Baton, shocking the frog with it, and taking back his bag of coins.
They proceed to walk past Horde soldiers, two of which are threatening a smaller frog-like creature.
Horde Soldier says: "Come back here!"
From above, Double Trouble is shown to be watching the group.
Huntara suddenly stops, and gasps, for she sees two of her former goons standing and talking to a creature. Huntara growls and Adora bumps into her. She gasps when she sees what Huntara is staring at. Huntara growls again and begins to walk forward, but is stopped by Adora.
Adora says: "No!"
Adora says: "Shh."
Adora says: "Catra’s goons are here."
Huntara says: "They’re not her goons, they’re my goons."
Huntara says: "I just never got a chance to fire them."
Huntara says: "I’ll fix that now."
Perfuma says: "Maybe it’s best to avoid confrontation?"
Huntara says: "You afraid to fight, Flower Girl?"
Adora says: "No, Perfuma’s right."
Adora says: "If they’re here there are sure to be others, we’ll be outnumbered."
Huntara says: "I don’t like not fighting."
Bow says: "The Valley is crawling with Horde soldiers."
Bow says: "And we still don’t know where the ship is!"
Huntara says: "This is still my home."
Huntara says: "And I know who can help."
Scene Change.
Catra says: "Careful!"
Catra says: "We need this junk intact so Hordak can make new weapons."
Footsteps sound behind her. Catra’s ears twitch.
Catra says: "That was fast."
Scorpia says: "What, did you miss me already?"
Catra says: "Just… don’t drop anything else."
Catra says: "What is going on?"
Scorpia says: "Ugh, who am I kidding, Hordak probably cloned me."
Scorpia says: "I signed a lot of paperwork at some point."
Catra’s eye twitches.
Scorpia says: "Yeah, being quiet now."
Catra says: "Who are you and what exactly are you trying to pull?"
The other Scorpia smiles deviously before changing form. The shapeshifter is a dark mass with green around the edges until they transform completely, revealing to be a copy of Catra herself. Catra screams and stumbles back. Scorpia gasps, looking over at her friend, wide-eyed.
Scene Change.
Huntara is shown walking down a staircase, with Adora, Bow and Perfuma trailing behind, still clothed in robes. Perfuma leans over to Adora.
Huntara says: "You scared?"
Adora says: "Of course not."
Huntara says: "Good, ‘cause we’re here."
Huntara says: "Ugh, who would pay for this junk?"
Grox says: "Fools."
Grox says: "You shouldn't be here."
Huntara says: "Grox, what’s going on?"
Huntara says: "Where’s the rest of the gang?"
Grox says: "Can’t turn without running into them, interfering with business."
Grox proceeds to spit in Perfuma’s direction. Perfuma jumps out of the way, making a disgusted noise when she does. Grox ignores her and walks in front of Huntara again.
Grox says: "Things here haven’t been easy."
Grox says: "You’re a real sight for small eyes."
Huntara says: "You too."
Huntara says: "Grox, I need your help."
Grox says: "Aha."
Grox says: "Found it."
Grox says: "This is the Crimson Waste."
Grox says: "Trust no one."
Huntara says: "You sold us out?"
Horde Soldier says: "They’re in there!"
Horde Soldier says: "Come on!"
Huntara says: "I’ll be back for you."
Grox says: "They went out the back!"
Adora, Bow, Perfuma and Huntara are still running. They stop when two of Huntara’s goons, the ones from earlier, appear at the end of the alley they’re going through. They’re holding what looks like broken pipes. One of them smacks it in their palm threateningly.
The cactus shakes violently before letting out a burst of sharp needles, all of them sticking onto Perfuma.
Perfuma says: "Ow, ow!"
Perfuma says: "Ugh, I can’t do this!"
The soldiers and one of Huntara’s goons run after She-Ra but lose sight of her around the corner. They proceed to run past the group, who have hidden behind a multitude of wooden crates.
They sigh in relief, momentarily relaxing, before Bow’s pad begins to ring loudly. He screams and pulls it out quickly, fumbling with the buttons when he does. She-Ra and Huntara hush him urgently.
Glimmer says: "Ugh!"
Glimmer says: "I’m in the middle of the most boring meeting."
Bow says: "Can’t talk!"
Bow says: "We’re being chased through a smuggler’s den right now!"
Glimmer says: "That sounds so fun!"
Huntara says: "Quiet that thing!"
Bow says: "I’m gonna have to call you back."
Scene Change.
Catra and Scorpia gape at a copy of the former. The Other Catra stands with their hands on their hips, smiling slyly.
Other Catra says: "Pleasure to meet you."
Catra says: "Oh yeah?"
Catra says: "I’m done with best friends."
Catra says: "Enough games!"
Catra says: "What do you want from me?"
Other Catra says: "It’s not what I want from you, it’s what you want from me."
Catra says: "All I want from you is to stop being me!"
Other Catra says: "Oh!"
The copy of Catra proceeds to stand before changing form again. They spin before the dark mass disappears, revealing the real form of Double Trouble. They strike a pose.
Double Trouble says: "Ta-da!"
Scorpia says: "I gotta sit down."
Catra says: "This is what you really look like?"
Double Trouble says: "For a price."
Catra says: "Huh."
Catra says: "So it’s money you’re after."
Double Trouble says: "Aren’t we all, darling?"
Double Trouble says: "But if you don’t require someone with my… gifts, I’ll just take my business to the other side!"
Catra says: "How exactly are you planning on doing that?"
Scorpia says: "What?"
Double Trouble says: "Ugh."
Double Trouble says: "Change?"
Double Trouble says: "if you can’t be them emotionally."
Double Trouble says: "It’s an art."
Catra looks down, before glancing back up at a Horde soldier who has just run in.
Horde Soldier says: "Rebels, in the valley!"
Scene Change.
Horde soldiers are seen patrolling on skiffs and on foot. Adora peeks out from their hiding spot, before turning to Perfuma, who is attempting to take out the spikes in her skin and hair.
Adora says: "Perfuma, what happened out there?"
Perfuma says: "Ow!"
Perfuma says: "Ah!"
Perfuma says: "There, I said it!"
Perfuma says: "I love and honour all things, except cacti!"
Perfuma says: "And I don’t like spitting or Crimson Waste!"
Perfuma says: "It is full of negative energy!"
Huntara says: "Well, it wasn’t always like this!"
Huntara says: "It used to be a great place, where an honest criminal could carve out a life."
Perfuma says: "Well, it’s terrible now!"
Huntara says: "I know!"
Perfuma says: "Ouch!"
Bow’s device begins to beep again, and he takes it out. Adora comforts Perfuma while Glimmer flickers up on the screen once again.
Glimmer says: "Did you seriously just hang up on me?"
Bow says: "Yeah, but just because we were running from the Horde."
Bow says: "And now we’re hiding from the Horde."
Bow says: "Also, the Horde has Mara’s ship."
At this, Adora glares at Bow. Bow responds with an apologetic look.
Bow says: "Sorry!"
Glimmer says: "Really?"
Glimmer says: "This is so cool."
Glimmer says: "A dire situation."
Glimmer says: "Odds against us."
Glimmer says: "I can’t believe I’m missing this for a dumb meeting."
Glimmer says: "Okay."
Glimmer says: "Hang tight."
Glimmer says: "I’m on my way!"
Adora stops short when she sees Glimmer teleport on the screen. Bow hangs up and puts the device away.
Adora says: "We can’t wait for Glimmer."
Adora says: "The Horde’s probably going to take the ship, or whatever they can get from it, back to the Fright Zone."
Bow says: "I think I know how to find it."
Bow says: "They’re sure to be with the ship."
Bow’s pad lights up when the badge is plugged in. A few beeping sounds ensue until another picture flashes up on the screen.
Bow says: "And there’s our ship."
Scene Change.
The group stands next to a huge canyon, where Mara’s is visible at the very bottom.
Adora says: "I have a plan."
Adora says: "But it’s gonna depend on you, Perfuma."
Perfuma says: "We should probably come up with a different plan, then."
Adora says: "If you hadn’t come to my rescue in the Battle of Bright Moon, I wouldn’t even be here right now."
Bow says: "Or me."
Bow says: "You rescued me from the Fright Zone."
Huntara says: "No, you’re not."
Huntara says: "I’ve been wrong about a lot."
Huntara says: "I was wrong to leave my home, I was wrong about Grox, and I hope I’m wrong about you, because we need your help."
Adora says: "For the honour of Grayskull!"
Transformation into She-Ra ensues. A Horde soldier is patrolling along a rickety wooden pathway when She-Ra appears in front of them, smiling determinedly.
She-Ra says: "Hello."
The Horde soldier brings out their taser and runs towards She-Ra, who simply dodges the attack. The Horde soldier continues attempting to hit her but is prominently stopped, being grabbed by the wrist and thrown onto the path.
She-Ra is forced to move out of the way when another Horde soldier shoots at her from another part of the canyon. Another shot is taken but this time it is blocked by the Sword of Protection. The canon is warming up to take another shot but is destroyed by one of Bow’s arrows before it can fire. Bow continues to disarm Horde soldiers while She-Ra deals with the other ones.
Using her sword transformed into a lasso, she clears any remaining Horde soldiers from her path.
Catra says: "Hey!"
She-Ra tumbles from it and moves into a half-kneeling position. Catra jumps out of the cloud as well and attacks the princess with angry swipes. She-Ra dodges these before clutching her wrist and throwing her up, causing her to shatter a wooden path.
Catra clings onto it and pulls herself up before feeling an injury that has appeared on her right cheek. She immediately stands up, dismissing the injury, and runs along the path, She-Ra following not far behind.
Scene Change.
Two Horde soldiers stand outside Mara’s ship. Huntara sneaks up behind them, staff in hand. Once she reaches them, Huntara whacks them both over the head, consequently knocking them out. She nods to Perfuma who had peeked out from behind some crates. Perfuma proceeds to walk over to some cacti glancing at them unsurely. She takes a deep breath and holds her arms out, trying to control the plants. She makes sounds of effort as Huntara guards her back. Huntara groans when she sees Perfuma making no progress.
Huntara says: "Ugh, focus!"
Perfuma says: "I don’t have to be!"
Perfuma says: "We’re underground!"
Huntara says: "You’re just noticing that now?"
Perfuma says: "You know what else is underground?"
Perfuma says: "Roots!"
The roots continue to grow, reaching Mara’s ship and lifting it slowly. Perfuma strains and summons more roots, which come crashing out from the sides of the canyon. Huntara gasps as she watches it unfold. More and more roots are summoned, and Mara’s ship begins raising much faster.
Perfuma says: "I was so wrong about them."
Huntara says: "Oh, and I was definitely wrong about you, Flower Girl!"
While the ship is being lifted, She-Ra and Catra continue to fight with grunts and shouts. Catra swipes at She-Ra and the latter retaliates accordingly. Rocks and rubble fall behind them, caused by the roots. Bow is forced to move in order to not get crushed. Perfuma begins to struggle as rocks land on the ship, making the weight too much to lift.
Huntara says: "We have a problem!"
She-Ra is momentarily distracted, and Catra takes this chance to disarm her. She-Ra manages to hold onto the ledge and Catra runs away, leaving the princess dangling while the wood breaks under her grip. She-Ra jumps over to avoid falling, grabbing her sword and striking a wood beam. This causes the bridge Catra is on to fall.
She-Ra catches Catra, slams her against the wall and pulls a metal grate over, fitting it so that Catra is trapped behind it. Catra snarls.
She-Ra says: "I’ve got something more important to do."
She-Ra says: "It was fun distracting you, though."
She-Ra subsequently launches herself onto the ship and proceeds to destroy the rubble that has landed on top of it. Both her and Perfuma begin to glow. Mara’s ship starts rising faster again while Perfuma makes noises of effort. Bow gapes at the sight of it.
She-Ra destroys more rocks that fall, and eventually, the ship reaches the top of the canyon. Huntara whacks Perfuma on the back affectionately.
Perfuma says: "Oh!"
She-Ra jumps off the ship and heads over to where Catra had been trapped. She-Ra gasps when she notices Catra has disappeared.
She-Ra says: "How did she get out of that?"
Bow says: "Yeah!"
Perfuma says: "Yes, we did it!"
Huntara says: "I’m sorry I doubted you."
Perfuma says: "It’s alright."
Perfuma says: "We were all on a journey of personal growth today."
Perfuma says: "I was so wrong to insult your home… it turns out cacti have flowers too."
Perfuma holds up a flowering cactus-headband and Huntara takes it, placing it on her head. The two smile at each other as Glimmer teleports into the scene, holding her father’s staff in a ready-to-strike stance.
Glimmer says: "Aw."
Glimmer says: "You should’ve waited for me."
Adora says: "Sorry… but we did get the ship!"
Adora says: "Your first mission as queen is a success!"
Glimmer says: "Hm."
Huntara says: "Queen Glimmer, I need to stay, and take the waste back for the rebellion and for my people."
Huntara says: "I won’t abandon my home again."
Perfuma says: "Aw, say no, Glimmer!"
Perfuma says: "I’ve gotten fond of this desert rose."
Glimmer says: "Ugh, I don’t get it!"
Scene Change.
Catra, Scorpia and Double Trouble ride through the Crimson Waste on a skiff. Scorpia claps.
Double Trouble says: "Did you really like my audition?"
Catra says: "“Like” doesn’t cover it."
Double Trouble says: "Well, I could’ve used more time to prepare."
Double Trouble says: "Really… get into your skin."
Catra says: "I grew up with Adora, and you fooled her."
Catra says: "This is gonna be fun."
Credits roll.