Glimmer says: "Woohoo!"
Glimmer falls from the sky, landing safely in her mother's arms. Glimmer and her mother both laugh, and Glimmer teleports into the sky again, caught by her mother once again. They do this a few more times, until Angella flies Glimmer down from the sky, they land, laughing.
Glimmer says: "That was awesome, Can we do it one more time?"
Micah enters the scene.
Micah says: "Did you two go flying without me?"
Glimmer says: "Dad."
Glimmer says: "You're back!"
Glimmer runs up to her dad then stops as he makes a spell in the air and throws it at her.
Micah says: "Think fast!"
Glimmer grabs the spell and makes it disappear, Laughing. Then she teleports into a hug with Micah.
Micah says: "You're getting good at that."
Glimmer lets go of Micah and turns to face Angella.
Angella says: "Yes, She only blew up my flower garden twice."
Angella leans in and kisses Micah on the cheek.
Angella says: "Welcome home love."
Micah says: "You were having so much fun without me, you cant of missed me much."
They all laugh and Micah pulls them into a family hug.
Guard says: "Your majesties!"
A guard runs up to them.
Guard says: "We found a girl sneaking into bright moon through the whispering woods."
Guard says: "She was trying to break into the princess's chambers."
Angella steps forward.
Angella says: "What?"
Angella says: "Please escort the princess safely to her room until we determine the trespassers intentions."
Angella and Micah walk off and the guard grabs Glimmer and hurries her in the other direction, Glimmer looks back to see Adora in ropes being escorted through the front door of Bright moon, Adora looks up at Glimmer.
Adora says: "Glimmer!"
Glimmer looks back worriedly but keeps walking.
Scene ends, Theme song plays.
Bow enters the scene carrying tons of scrolls, he closes the door with his foot and wobbles, dropping the scrolls. He is wearing wide rimmed brown glasses, A long sleeve white t-shirt, and dark grey pant. Bow sighs then starts to pick up the scrolls.
Glimmer teleports next to bow and he lets out a scream, dropping the scrolls he had picked up and falling over.
Bow says: "Glimmer!"
Bow says: "What is going on?"
Bow says: "Everyones really freaked out today!"
Glimmer says: "Theres a trespasser in Bright moon!"
Glimmer says: "We need to figure out who she is!"
Glimmer grabs Bow and they teleport to the front of Bright moon, They look around a corner to see 4 guards guarding the entrance.
Bow says: "Why do we need to figure out who she is?"
Glimmer says: "Because..."
Glimmer says: "I don't know!"
Glimmer says: "I just feel like I know her somehow!"
Glimmer says: "So, we're gonna and spy while my parents interrogate her!"
Bow says: "What?!"
Bow says: "!"
Glimmer quickly covers Bows mouth.
Glimmer says: "I know it sounds crazy, but she came here for a reason and I need to know why."
Glimmer says: "If you want to stay behind, just tell me."
Bow says: "I want to stay behind.."
Glimmer says: "Hmm, Didn't hear anything, Lets go!"
They teleport to a ledge over looking the ballroom, Bow makes a nervous noise at how high up they are.
Angella says: "Bring in the prisoner!"
Adora steps forward and squints.
Adora says: "King Micah?!"
Adora says: "!"
Adora says: "You're here?"
Adora says: "Oh, You look different then your mural."
The guard pushes Adora down so she's on her knees and Adora grunts.
King Micah stands and walks forward, he draws a spell in the air and pushes it over Adora.
Micah says: "This is a truth spell, You will be compelled to answer honestly."
Micah says: "Now tell us, who are you and why did you break into Bright moon?"
Adora coughs.
Adora says: "Uh, Ok, wow, This is gonna be a lot to explain, um-  Like right now, It was pretty crazy."
Adora says: "It got eraised by the portal but I promise it used to exist and we were fighting them with the Princess Alliance."
Glimmer and bow look at each other in disbelief.
Micah tilts his head in confusion and Angella squints down at Adora.
Adora says: "But the horde used the sword to set off the portal and I need Glimmer and Bow to help me stop it and save Etheria!"
Adora pants and drops her head.
Micah says: "i-.."
Micah says: "Uh."
Angella stands up, annoyed.
Angella says: "Who are you?!"
Angella says: "!"
Angella says: "How do you know my daughter and the royal apprentice historian?"
Adora looks confused.
Adora says: "Hes a historian here?"
Adora says: "That doesn't matter, we're best friends."
Micah says: "I've never seen you before.."
Adora grimaces.
Angella gasps.
A guards swings their sword down so its right in front of Adora's face.
Guard says: "Are you threatening the king?!"
Guard says: "!"
Angella steps forward and places her heads on Micah's shoulders.
Angella says: "How dare you say such a thing!"
Adora pushs the blade away from her face and looks up at Micah and Angella.
Adora says: "I'm sorry but none of this is right."
Adora says: "You must have noticed it!"
Adora says: "What did you do yesterday, theres a reason you can't remember."
Adora says: "This world isn't real!"
Angella closes her eyes and puts her hand on her temple.
Angella says: "I have heard quite enough!"
Angella turns away and starts walking back to her throne but Micah grabs her hand.
Micah says: "Angella, Its alright."
Angellas face softens.
Adora says: "I need to talk to Bow and Glimmer!"
Adora says: "They're the strongest people I know!"
Angella and Micah turn back to look at Adora.
Adora says: "I need their help to stop reality falling apart!"
Angella facepalms and Micahs face hardens.
Micah says: "Guards, escort this young woman to our holding cell!"
The guards look at one another then back at Micah uneasily.
Micah says: "The spare room."
Adora says: "Wait!"
Adora says: "You have to believe me!"
Micah turns to look at Angella.
Micah says: "Don't listen to her, she's lying."
Angella says: "But your truth spell..."
Micah says: "I must of done it wrong..."
Micah says: "Theres no way anything she said could be true."
Micah says: "It's- It's not possible!"
Glimmer and Bow look at each other in worry and Glimmer teleports them away.
Scene ends.
Adora is standing in the spare room looking out the window, suddenly the world glitches, Steaks of light pink light coming out of the ground and the sky a shade of dark grey, Adora sighs and opens the note with *She ra* written on it. Adora sighs again as Bow and Glimmer teleport into the room.
Glimmer groans and Bow steadies her then they both look up at Adora.
Adora says: "Bow!"
Adora says: "Glimmer!"
Adora starts to walk over to them but Glimmer blasts Adora with a bit of magic and Adora takes a step back.
Adora says: "Do you remember me at all?"
Glimmer says: "Listen crazy lady!"
Glimmer says: "My dad has never messed up a spell, you were telling the truth in there, How can that be?"
Adora says: "Of course you were listening in, I should've known."
Bow says: "Ok will you stop acting like you know us?!"
Bow says: "!"
Bow says: "We've never met you!"
Adora says: "Yes you have."
Adora walks closer to Bow and Glimmer.
Adora says: "Bow, You saved our lives more times then I can count."
Adora says: "You're a great fighter, a genius inventer, and you shouldn't worry about what your dads think."
Adora says: "They're proud of you, just like I am."
Glimmer lets out a yelp and turns to face Adora.
Adora says: "You never give up or admit defeat, I know making friends is hard for you yet your the one who pulled us all together."
Glimmer looks away.
Adora says: "I've never met anyone like you."
Glimmer is quiet for a moment before she puts her hands in the air in frustration.
Glimmer says: "None of that is true!"
Glimmer says: "I'm just a princess, and Bow isn't a fighter, He's.."
Glimmer says: "Bow."
Bow gasps then clutches his navel area.
Bow says: "This-.."
Bow says: "This isn't right.."
Bow says: "I mean, everything is perfect."
Bow says: "Everyone keeps saying everything's perfect."
Glimmer gasps softly as she has a flashback to when she was little, standing in front of Micahs mural. Glimmer gasps again.
Glimmer says: "My dad..."
Glimmer says: "He's gone isn't he?"
Bow steps towards Glimmer.
Adora says: "yes.."
Bow and Adora both huddle around Glimmer while she closes her eyes.
The castle rocks as an explosion is set off.
Bow says: "Woah!"
Glimmer says: "Woah!"
Adora says: "Woah!"
They all walk to the window and look out.
Bow says: "Uh, what is that?"
Theres a faint bright light on the horizen.
Adora says: "Oh no, It's starting to happen here too."
Adora says: "We don't have much time."
Glimmer says: "So, what do we do now?"
Adora says: "We fix reality, uh, somehow.."
Adora says: "Razz told me to go back to the beginning."
Adora says: "But, I don't know what that means."
She turns to face Bow and Glimmer.
Bow stops as he has flashbacks of Entrapta.
Bow says: "Entrapta..."
Adora says: "Of course!"
Adora looks back out the window.
Adora says: "Glimmer!"
Adora says: "Can you teleport us to Dryl?"
Glimmer looks surprised.
Glimmer says: "What?"
Glimmer says: "I barely managed to teleport me and Bow in here!"
Adora steps forwards and puts her hands on Bow and Glimmer's shoulders.
Adora says: "then we'll just have to do this the Best Friends Squad way!"
Scene ends.
The doors to the spare room crash open and out run the Best Friends Squad, with Adora running in front of Glimmer and Bow, they're all holding hands while they run.
Adora says: "Run!"
Adora says: "Go."
Adora says: "Go."
Adora says: "Go!"
Bow screams.
Glimmer says: "This is how we normally do things?!"
Glimmer says: "!"
Adora looks back at Glimmer.
Adora says: "Yeah, We improvise!"
Bow says: "I really don't like improvising!"
Bow lets out a wail as Adora pulls them round a corner. Now Glimmer leads with Adora at the back.
Adora says: "Ok, we have to get out of Bright moon before it disappears like the Fright zone!"
Glimmer, Adora and Bow look out a window, this time the light is closer and the castle is shaking slightly. They all run faster, the world glitches and the windows disappear.
They turn a corner and run straight into a guard. They all start to fall over but the guard grabs Glimmer's hand.
The guard looks over and see's Adora and Bow on the floor, Adora scrambles and hides behind Bow.
Guard says: "Is that the prisoner?!"
Guard says: "!"
Glimmer shoots sparkles in the Guards face and Glimmer, Adora and Bow start running again.
Glimmer says: "Sorry!"
They keep running until they come to a cracked wall, Little bits a light pink are visible through the cracks.
Glimmer says: "There was a door here!"
Bow turns around.
Bow says: "Uh, Guys!"
Bow says: "?"
Glimmer and Adora turn around to see Angella and Micah blocking the only exit.
Angella says: "Step away from my daughter!"
Angella says: "Now!"
Glimmer steps towards her parents as the world starts to crumble around them.
Glimmer says: "Mum stop!"
Glimmer says: "Can't you see what happening?"
Angella's eyes widen slightly as she has flashbacks of her and Glimmer, She blinks and suddenly see's the world crumbling around her, Micah comes up behind Angella.
Micah says: "Angie?"
Angella gasps and turns around to face Micah while the ceiling starts to crumble.
Micah says: "Whats wrong?"
Glimmer takes another step forward.
Glimmer says: "I'm sorry, For everything."
Glimmer tears up.
Adora, Bow and Glimmer scream as the floor beneath them crumbles and they are falling.
Angella says: "Glimmer!"
A flash a light pink light fills the screen and when it fades Angella is kneeling on the ground with Micah standing behind her.
The Best Friends Squad scream as they fall down a choute and land on the floor of Entrapta's lab, they all groan loudly as they hit the floor.
Entrapta says: "Hello!"
Adora, Bow and Glimmer look up to see Entrapta sitting down surrounded by her own robots, working on something, She turns around, She's wearing her normal clothes and has her mask on.
Entrapta says: "Do I know you?"
All the robots turn to face Adora, Bow and Glimmer.
Scene change.
Back at Bright moon, The castle is crumbling and streaks of light pink flow up from the ground, Angella stands on the edge of the Moonstone pad and looks down, She closes her eyes and sighs.
Micah says: "Angie?"
Micah comes up behind Angella, He grabs her hand and turns her to face him.
Micah says: "We'll get her back, Angie, and then everything will be perfect again."
Angella smiles sadly.
Angella says: "This is perfect my love, but it's not real."
Angella puts her hand on the side of Micah's face, Micah looks sad.
Angella says: "I remember now..."
Angella says: "I miss you so much..."
Angella says: "But Glimmer needs my help, and I can't stay with nothing but memories."
Micah says: "Angella I-..."
Angella says: "Goodbye Micah."
Angella kisses Micah before spreading her wings and flying off.
Micah says: "Angie, Angella wait!"
Angella flies away with her eyes closed and she wipes away a tear.
Scene change.
Dryl castle fills the screen, It looks dark and creepy, lightning strikes in the backround.
Robots pour tea for Adora, Glimmer and Bow, while a smaller robot gives Entrapta a fizzy orange drink with a straw.
Entrapta says: "This is facinating!"
Entrapta says: "I've never had non-robots visit me before!"
Entrapta says: "Usually it's just me and all my friends."
Entrapta slurps noisily from her straw.
Adora says: "Friends?"
Bow looks at a robot and it blushs and turns away making an "ahh" noise, Bows eyes widen and he looks back at Entrapta.
Entrapta says: "Aren't they amazing!"
Entrapta says: "?"
Entrapta drops her now empty glass and straw on the floor and stands up, a nearby robot brings her a tray of food, Entrapta grabs the head of the robot and pulls it.
Entrapta says: "And if they break, I can just make new friends!"
Entrapta laughs loudly.
Entrapta says: "Tiny snacks?"
The robot uncovers the tray of food, which consists of mecanical parts like cogs and wires, the robot sprinkles some green glass on it, Glimmer, Adora and Bow watch in horror, then they shake their heads, The robot closes the tray and walks away.
Entrapta says: "Oh, sorry about that."
Entrapta says: "They're still getting the hang of human food."
Entrapta says: "Unless this is what you eat!"
Entrapta says: "I have so many questions, Tell me everything!"
Entrapta pushes herself forward with her hair and shoves a recorder in Adora's face, Adora pushes it away slightly.
Entrapta says: "Is this about the unstable portal slowly consuming and warping our reality?"
Adora says: "Now you're not gonna believe- Wait, What did you just say?"
Entrapta walks back to her main work bench and taps on a computer.
Entrapta says: "Oh, I figured it out a while ago."
Entrapta says: "An unstable portal is the only thing that would account for all the anomalies I've been picking up in my research."
Entrapta says: "The portal exists somewhere in our world and as long as it's still open it's gonna keep to destablising reality, making things disappear faster and faster until, Bam!"
Entrapta says: "Nothing's left!"
Entrapta uses her hair to propel herself at Bow, Glimmer and Adora.
Entrapta starts laughing then stops.
Entrapta says: "Which is a bad thing..."
Adora says: "How do we stop it?"
Adora takes a step forward towards Entrapta.
Entrapta says: "Portals are gateways.."
Entrapta turn and head back towards her computer.
Entrapta says: "Wormholes that connect one area of space to another, The only way to turn it off is from the inside."
Entrapta says: "But, who ever shuts down the portal can't leave."
Entrapta says: "they'll be trapped between realities, possibly forever."
Entrapta shows a diagram.
Entrapta says: "Oh!"
Entrapta says: "Imagine the data they could collect!"
Glimmer says: "Wait, so whoever turns it off will be trapped inside it forever?"
Entrapta says: "Exactly."
Adora sighs.
Adora says: "There must be another way!"
Entrapta gasps as she has flashbacks of Hordak.
Entrapta says: "Remember..."
Entrapta says: "I.."
Entrapta says: "remember, I had a lab partner, Hordak, we were friends and then Catra..."
Entrapta says: "Oh, I remember everything now..."
Entrapta says: "I'm not really here."
Entrapta gasps as the castle shakes, light pink cracks start running through the walls.
Adora says: "No, No this can't be happening already."
Adora says: "We should of had more time!"
Entrapta says: "There is no more time, It all makes sense now, it's your sword, the portal is centred on you!"
Entrapta says: "It's following you!"
The castle shakes as bits of cement fly into the air.
Adora says: "What?"
Entrapta smiles sadly before starting to fade, Adora rushes forward.
Adora says: "No!"
Adora rushes forward and tries to grab Entrapta, Her hands go straight threw her.
Entrapta says: "As soon as it's gone everything will be alright again!"
Entrapta says: "{sadly] It was nice being friends with you.."
Entrapta fades.
Adora says: "Entrapta, No!"
Scene switches to the Crystal Castle.
Glimmer says: "Where are we?"
Adora says: "We're at the beacon."
Adora says: "Stars?"
Glimmer says: "Adora, what is happening?"
Adora says: "It's what Entrapta said."
Adora says: "Reality is unraveling faster now."
Adora says: "I – I think we might be too late."
Adora says: "Mara?"
Adora says: "Stay here."
Adora says: "Entrapta said the portal is centered on me."
Adora says: "You're at risk as long as we're together."
Glimmer says: "No."
Glimmer says: "I know what you're thinking, Adora."
Glimmer says: "You said you knew us?"
Glimmer says: "Well, we know you."
Bow says: "You can't relax to save your life."
Bow says: "You're terrible at acting."
Glimmer says: "You're stubborn and headstrong, and you're our best friend."
Adora says: "Wait, no."
Glimmer says: "You got this, Adora."
Glimmer says: "We believe in you."
Glimmer and Bow fade away.
Adora weeps.
Catra says: "Hey, Adora."
Scene switches to cantina.
Catra says: "Oh..."
Catra says: "Where are your friends?"
Adora says: "Catra, stop."
Catra says: "It's always the same with you, Adora."
Catra says: "“I have to do this."
Catra says: "Oh, we have to do that."
Catra says: "” Let's be honest, all of this is your fault."
Scene switches to the Northern Reach.
Catra says: "If you hadn't gotten captured, your sword wouldn't have opened the portal."
Catra says: "If you hadn't gotten the sword and been the world's worst She-Ra, none of this would've happened."
Adora shouts.
Catra says: "Admit it, Adora, the world would still be standing if you had never come through that portal in the first place."
Scene switches to Crystal Castle, then to the Fright Zone.
Catra says: "You made me this."
Catra says: "You took everything from me."
Scene switches to Mara's ship.
Catra says: "You broke the world, and it is all your fault."
Adora says: "No, it's not."
Scene switches to the tear in reality.
Adora says: "I didn't make you pull the switch."
Adora says: "I didn't make you do anything."
Adora says: "I didn't break the world, but I am gonna fix it."
Adora says: "And you?"
Adora says: "You  made your choice."
Adora says: "Now live with it."
Catra shrieks.
Adora and Catra fall into the tear Catra fades away.
Queen Angella says: "Adora!"
Adora gasps.
Queen Angella says: "Hold on!"
Queen Angella carries Adora to a grassy plane outside the tear.
Queen Angella says: "I remember, Adora."
Queen Angella says: "I know this world isn't our own."
Queen Angella says: "How do we fix this?"
Sword of Protection hums inside the portal.
Adora says: "Go back to the beginning."
Adora says: "Razz meant my beginning."
Adora says: "The the place I came through as a baby."
Adora says: "I can fix everything."
Adora says: "I just need to go into the portal and pull out the sword."
Adora says: "That'll turn it off and everyone will come back safe and sound."
Queen Angella says: "And you'll come back safe, too?"
Queen Angella says: "Adora, you'll come back, too, right?"
Adora says: "I have to do this."
Adora says: "This is my destiny."
Queen Angella says: "Oh, Adora, no."
Queen Angella says: "This is not it."
Adora says: "But..."
Adora says: "this is the only way to fix things."
Queen Angella says: "Do you want to know a secret?"
Queen Angella says: "I am a coward."
Adora says: "What?"
Adora says: "No."
Queen Angella says: "I've always been the queen who stays behind."
Queen Angella says: "Micah was the brave one."
Queen Angella says: "And then Glimmer..."
Queen Angella says: "Oh, Glimmer."
Queen Angella says: "So much like her father."
Queen Angella says: "And once again I stayed behind, letting her make the hard choices, letting her be brave for me."
Queen Angella says: "I told myself I was being responsible, but, Adora, I was just scared."
Queen Angella says: "And then I met you."
Queen Angella says: "You inspired us."
Queen Angella says: "You inspired me."
Queen Angella says: "Not because it was your destiny, but because you never let fear stop you."
Queen Angella says: "And now I choose to be brave."
Adora says: "No!"
Adora says: "Your Majesty!"
Adora says: "Angella!"
Queen Angella flies to the Sword.
Queen Angella says: "Take care of each other."
Queen Angella pulls the Sword out of the portal.  The portal closes and the Sword floats down to Adora.
Adora says: "For the honor of Grayskull!"
Scene switches to Hordak's sanctum, in normal time.
Catra says: "Huh?"
She-Ra walks through the portal machine.
She-Ra shouts smashes the portal machine.
Catra says: "We have to go now."
Hordak grunts.
Bow says: "Adora."
Glimmer says: "Adora."
Glimmer says: "See?"
Glimmer says: "We told you, you could do it."
Frosta says: "Woo-hoo!"
Frosta says: "Yes, we did it."
Frosta says: "We did it."
Shadow Weaver says: "Touching as this is, we need to go."
Shadow Weaver says: "Now!"
Shadow Weaver casts magic.
Glimmer grunts.
Bow says: "We did it."
Bow says: "Did we do it?"
Bow says: "We did it."
Glimmer says: "I'm probably going to be grounded for the rest of my life, but reality is back to normal."
Glimmer says: "Speaking of which, I guess I should go find my mom."
Glimmer says: "Maybe she'll be so happy to see me that she'll forget about grounding me."
Glimmer says: "Adora?"
Glimmer says: "What is it?"
She-Ra transforms into Adora, hugs Glimmer, starts crying.
Adora says: "Angella, she stayed behind."
Glimmer weeps.
Adora says: "She saved us."
Scene switches to space station.
Horde Prime says: "So, that's where you've been, little brother."
Credits Roll.