Sea Hawk guides a skiff into the forest. Adora, Perfuma, Glimmer, Bow and Mermista hang their heads glumly.
Adora says: "How could I let this happen?"
Bow says: "Adora, it’s not your fault."
Adora says: "It IS my fault."
Adora says: "Entrapta’s gone because of my plan."
Mermista says: "This only happened because we were all together."
Perfuma says: "Mermista’s right, being together makes us vulnerable."
Mermista says: "Maybe there’s a reason the Princess Alliance fell apart before."
Mermista says: "Maybe this whole thing was a bad idea."
Glimmer says: "Mermista, no, you can’t say that."
Mermista says: "Whatever."
Mermista says: "I don’t want to be a part of it anymore."
Mermista says: "Sea Hawk, take me home."
She looks at Adora and she lowers her gaze. Perfuma clutches her knees to her chest and Glimmer frowns. Sea Hawk drives off. Soon after Mermista rides away to her castle and turns with her trident, as a protective forcefield closes around her. She is enveloped in a swirl of water and disappears. Perfuma erects the statue to Entrapta and covers it with flowers. Her eyes brim with tears and she begins to sob.
Princess Frosta uses her ice powers, she raises her hands into the air and spears of ice conceal her snowy mountain whole. Sometime later, Adora, Bow and Glimmer trudge along on the bridge towards Bright Moon castle.
Angella says: "Oh, Glimmer!"
Angella says: "Are you hurt?"
Glimmer says: "Mom, you’re crushing me."
Theme song.
Glimmer says: "Mom, I’m fine, cut it out!"
Angella says: "I will not cut it out."
Angella says: "I’ve been beside myself with worry."
Angella notices Glimmer doesn’t teleport out of her hug.
You usually teleport out of my embraces. What’s going on?
Glimmer says: "Nothing, I just need to recharge."
Glimmer says: "That’s all."
Angella says: "Of course, Guards, carry my daughter to the Moonstone Chamber at once."
Glimmer says: "I don’t need to be carried, I can walk."
Glimmer says: "You’re embarrassing me."
Angella says: "Fine."
Angella says: "Then you have time to tell me what happened."
Angella says: "I received word of Entrapta’s loss."
The Best Friends Squad look away with a sad look and don’t respond.
Angella says: "Well, Glimmer?"
Angella says: "Bow?"
Angella says: "Adora?"
Angella says: "Someone tell me what happened."
Adora says: "-Commander, it’s my fault."
Bow says: "-The thing is..."
Glimmer says: "-Leave my friends alone!"
Glimmer says: "Give us a minute."
Angella says: "A minute?"
Angella says: "You were being held by the Horde."
Angella says: "I’ve been going mad."
Angella says: "Telling myself awful stories about what could’ve happened to you."
Glimmer says: "Jeeze, mom, relax."
Glimmer says: "I’m fine."
Glimmer says: "We’ll talk later."
Angella says: "This conversation isn’t over!"
Glimmer strides off and Adora eyes the queen.
Adora says: "I’m—"
Adora says: "I’m sorry."
Glimmer leans on the wall and begins to glitch out.
Adora says: "It’s happening more often."
Bow says: "Does it hurt?"
Glimmer says: "No, not much."
Bow says: "We need to tell your mom."
Bow says: "She’ll know what to do."
Glimmer says: "No!"
Adora says: "Glimmer, Shadow Weaver did something to your powers."
Adora says: "You can’t teleport and, whatever this is, keeps happening."
Glimmer says: "I don’t want my mom freaking out anymore than she already is."
Glimmer says: "Okay?"
Glimmer says: "Besides, I always feel better after I recharge, so..."
Glimmer forces a smile. Adora and Bow look at each other.
Glimmer says: "Then it’s agreed."
Glimmer says: "I’ll recharge, stop glitching."
Glimmer says: "Then my mom never has to know."
NEW SCENE.
In the Fright Zone.
Hordak says: "Not only did you lose the princess known as Glimmer, but I’ve learned that you’ve known Adora was She-Ra all along."
Shadow Weaver says: "Now you see why I felt it was so important to bring her back."
Hordak says: "All you did was invite attack from an enemy combatant with detailed knowledge of our operations."
Hordak says: "If I had known, I never would have agreed to your foolish plan."
Catra says: "Yeah, bad plan."
Scorpia says: "Wasn’t it your—"
Scorpia says: "?"
Scorpia says: "Oh!"
Magenta eyes glow in a vent behind them.
NEW SCENE.
Back in Bright Moon.
Glimmer lies in the Moonstone Chamber and Bow looms over her.
Glimmer says: "I can feel you watching me."
Bow says: "I am not."
Glimmer opens one eye and Bow backs away as Adora fights the air.
She swings her sword, Glimmer sits up.
Glimmer says: "See, I told you."
Glimmer says: "Just needed to re—"
Glimmer says: "It didn’t work."
Bow says: "Work?"
Bow says: "It made it worse."
Angella says: "Glimmer?"
Angella says: "Are you up there?"
Adora says: "Uh, guys?"
Adora says: "We have a problem."
Glimmer says: "We cannot let my mom see me like this!"
Angella flies up to the chamber.
Angella says: "There you are, Glimmer."
Angella says: "Are you feeling better?"
Glimmer says: "Whoa, Mom, can’t a girl recharge in private?"
Glimmer says: "Anyway, we were just leaving."
Glimmer says: "Bye!"
Angella says: "Is everything all right?"
Angella says: "Glimmer?"
Angella says: "Glimmer, do not walk away from me."
Angella says: "I just wanted to talk."
NEW SCENE.
In the Fright Zone.
Catra says: "Boy, Hordak really let Shadow Weaver have it."
Catra says: "Did you see the look on her face?"
Scorpia says: "Yes."
Scorpia says: "Well, I mean, I think."
Scorpia says: "It’s kinda hard to tell with the mask and all."
Robot beeping.
A robot follows them down the hall and they turn around. Then the two continue on.
Catra says: "Serves her right."
Catra says: "If she wants to take credit for my plans, she can take the blame, too."
Magenta eyes glow in a vent and Catra stops.
Scorpia says: "-Oh!"
Scorpia says: "What is it?"
Catra says: "Shh."
Scorpia says: "Oh, sorry."
Scorpia says: "What is it?"
Scorpia says: "Yeah."
Scorpia says: "Yeah, that’s—"
Scorpia says: "That’s concrete."
Catra sniffs the floor and soon swipes the cover off the grate.
NEW SCENE.
Back in Bright Moon.
Glimmer says: "Maybe it’s like a cold."
Glimmer says: "I’ve never been sick before."
Glimmer says: "Having an immortal mother has some advantages."
Glimmer says: "What do you do when you have a cold?"
Adora says: "Remain out of sight."
while striking a fierce pose says: "Remain out of sight."
Adora says: "What?"
Adora says: "Display of physical weakness are strongly discouraged in the Horde."
Adora says: "And they’re right."
Adora says: "I haven’t been training enough, and look what happened!"
Bow says: "Stop it, Adora."
stopping her says: "Stop it, Adora."
Bow says: "They’re not right."
stopping her says: "They’re not right."
Bow says: "Okay, cold."
stopping her says: "Okay, cold."
Bow says: "Um..."
stopping her says: "Um..."
Bow says: "Lots of liquids and, uh, rest."
stopping her says: "Lots of liquids and, uh, rest."
Bow says: "I’ll make soup!"
stopping her says: "I’ll make soup!"
Glimmer says: "Great, and I’ll nap."
Glimmer says: "I bet when I wake up I’ll be as good as new."
Glimmer says: "Yeah, just gotta let it run its course."
She walks up to her bed.
Glimmer says: "Why did I make my bed so high?"
whilst facepalming says: "Why did I make my bed so high?"
Glimmer says: "Give me a boost?"
whilst facepalming says: "Give me a boost?"
Bow hoists Glimmer onto his shoulders while both grunt.
Glimmer wobbles and then falls as Adora waves her sword in the air away with her back facing her friends.
Crashing.
Glimmer jumps and stands on a chair whilst still grunting and struggling to get on the bed.
Both she and Bow fall once again.
Adora says: "We’re not letting anything run its course."
Adora says: "You’re getting worse."
Glimmer says: "No, I’m not."
Glimmer says: "Okay, maybe a little."
Adora says: "Look, you got sick because of whatever dark magic Shadow Weaver made with the black garnet."
Adora says: "Maybe the sword can heal you."
Adora says: "She-Ra healed the trees in Plumeria."
Bow says: "Uh..."
Bow says: "Sort of, not really."
Adora says: "Well, She-Ra definitely fixed the Sea Gate."
Bow says: "Glimmer’s not a piece of machinery."
Bow says: "And you don’t know how to fully control She-Ra’s powers yet."
Bow says: "No offense."
Adora frowns.
Glimmer says: "This is a great idea."
Glimmer says: "She-Ra will fix me, and then everything will be back to normal."
Glimmer says: "Mm-hmm."
Glimmer says: "How hard can it be?"
Bow says: "Did no one hear what I just.."
Bow says: "?"
Adora says: "For the honor of Grayskull!"
Bow groans while Adora transforms.
NEW SCENE.
In the Fright Zone.
Entrapta is shackled to the wall.
Door beeping.
Catra and Scorpia enter the room.
Catra says: "Prisoner."
Scorpia says: "That’s Entrapta."
Catra says: "I know her name, I was just.."
Catra says: "Ugh, never mind."
Catra says: "Lord Hordak himself tasked me with your interrogation."
Catra says: "So, there’s no use resisting."
Entrapta smiles as she opens a shackle. And Catra zaps the wall beside her.
Catra says: "I don’t care what it takes."
Catra says: "I’m going to drag the Rebellion’s plans out of you."
Entrapta says: "-Ooh!"
pushing Catra away with her hair whilst grabbing the tazer says: "-Ooh!"
Entrapta says: "What’s that?"
pushing Catra away with her hair whilst grabbing the tazer says: "What’s that?"
Catra says: "What?"
Catra says: "Hey!"
Entrapta fires Catra’s weapon at the ceiling.
Scorpia says: "Catra!"
protecting Catra says: "Catra!"
Scorpia says: "Oh!"
protecting Catra says: "Oh!"
Scorpia says: "Oh, oh, there you go."
protecting Catra says: "Oh, oh, there you go."
Entrapta says: "Fascinating."
Catra says: "Give it back!"
snatching the weapon back says: "Give it back!"
Entrapta says: "-Oh, I like that thing."
Entrapta says: "Can I have it?"
Catra says: "-No."
Catra says: "And stop."
Catra says: "I’m interrogating you."
Entrapta says: "Well, okay, then."
Entrapta says: "What do you want to know?"
Catra says: "Why were you hiding out in the Fright Zone?"
Entrapta says: "I was waiting for my friends to get back."
Entrapta says: "They had trouble finding me before."
Entrapta says: "So, I figured I’d make it easier for them and just stay put right here."
Catra says: "They left you."
softly whilst approaching Entrapta says: "They left you."
Entrapta says: "No, no, they’re my friends, they’ll be back."
Entrapta releases herself from the shackles and goes up to Scorpia.
Entrapta says: "Say, your tail secretes some kind of paralyzing agent, right?"
Entrapta says: "Do you think I could have a sample, to study?"
Scorpia says: "Hey, you can’t just touch another woman’s tail without asking!"
Catra strokes Entrapta’s hair.
Catra says: "Some friends."
softly says: "Some friends."
Catra says: "They left you, and they’re not coming back."
softly says: "They left you, and they’re not coming back."
Catra says: "Isn’t that just like Adora?"
softly says: "Isn’t that just like Adora?"
Catra says: "She left me behind, too."
softly says: "She left me behind, too."
Catra says: "Like I was nothing."
softly says: "Like I was nothing."
Scorpia says: "And me."
Scorpia says: "I mean, I didn’t want to go, but she could’ve at least asked."
Catra says: "Adora got her precious Bow and Glimmer back."
softly says: "Adora got her precious Bow and Glimmer back."
Catra says: "All these princesses care about is people who are just like them."
softly says: "All these princesses care about is people who are just like them."
Catra says: "But you’re not like them, are you?"
softly says: "But you’re not like them, are you?"
Entrapta says: "Fright Zone log, hour 45."
whilst hanging her head low says: "Fright Zone log, hour 45."
Entrapta says: "Is that right?"
whilst hanging her head low says: "Is that right?"
Entrapta says: "I don’t know if that’s right, it was hard to tell in the walls."
whilst hanging her head low says: "I don’t know if that’s right, it was hard to tell in the walls."
Entrapta says: "Hour 45, that’s—"
whilst hanging her head low says: "Hour 45, that’s—"
Entrapta says: "That’s too many hours."
whilst hanging her head low says: "That’s too many hours."
Entrapta says: "This angry feline person seems to be correct."
whilst hanging her head low says: "This angry feline person seems to be correct."
Entrapta says: "They’re not coming back for me."
whilst hanging her head low says: "They’re not coming back for me."
Entrapta’s eyes brim with tears.
Catra says: "You wouldn’t have to pretend to be something you’re not with the Horde."
Catra says: "Think of what you could accomplish here."
Catra says: "What we could accomplish, together."
Entrapta considers.
Entrapta says: "I’ve made more progress on my work in secret here than I did in a whole non-secret life out there."
Entrapta says: "They should see."
Entrapta says: "Horde technology gives me SO MUCH to work with."
Entrapta says: "Emily’s the most advanced bot I’ve ever built."
Catra says: "Wait, who’s Emily?"
Entrapta says: "Oh!"
Entrapta says: "How rude, allow me to introduce you."
A hole blasts through the wall and Scorpia grunts.
Scorpia says: "I gotcha, I gotcha, I gotcha!"
protecting Catra says: "I gotcha, I gotcha, I gotcha!"
A robot appears and Entrapta pets its head. Catra and Scorpia gape at the hole in the wall.
Catra says: "Those princesses have no idea who they’ve left behind."
Acid drips from the hole.
NEW SCENE.
In bright moon.
She-Ra presses her sword against her face, she then flies it through the air.
She-Ra says: "The.."
She-Ra says: "Eternia.."
She-Ra says: "Heal!"
She-Ra says: "Heal.."
She-Ra says: "Glimmer."
Bow says: "Who’s ready to stop messing around with sharp objects?"
Bow says: "Hey, look, I am!"
Glimmer says: "Maybe if you point it at me?"
to She-Ra says: "Maybe if you point it at me?"
Bow says: "Or, unpopular opinion, don’t point a sword directly at our friend."
She-Ra says: "It’s fine, I got this."
Glimmer says: "Maybe it’s like a motion?"
Glimmer says: "Like a jabbing motion?"
Glimmer says: "Or a strike."
Bow says: "Do you want to get hit with a sword?!"
Bow says: "!"
She-Ra says: "Can everyone please be quiet?"
She-Ra says: "I have it!"
She-Ra holds the sword over Glimmer’s head while grunting.
Bow says: "Am I the only one who cares about sword safety around here?"
The sword glows.
She-Ra says: "I think it’s working."
She taps glimmer with the sword.
Glimmer says: "Yup, definitely working."
Glimmer says: "I’m pretty sure I feel something."
Glimmer glitches again and begins shouting.
Adora hurls the sword in frustration.
Bow says: "Sword safety!"
voice cracking says: "Sword safety!"
NEW SCENE.
In the Fright Zone.
Entrapta and Emily the robot are shackled to the wall and Scorpia sets bricks in the hole. Catra paces back and forth in front of them.
Scorpia says: "Honestly, I don’t think anybody’s gonna notice."
Entrapta says: "Sorry again."
Entrapta says: "About the wall."
Catra says: "-Don’t worry about it."
softly says: "-Don’t worry about it."
Entrapta says: "-You’re not mad?"
confused says: "-You’re not mad?"
Entrapta says: "People usually get mad."
confused says: "People usually get mad."
Catra says: "Are you kidding?"
in her normal voice says: "Are you kidding?"
Catra says: "I’m impressed."
in her normal voice says: "I’m impressed."
Catra says: "You rebuilt that robot, I mean, Emily, all on your own?"
in her normal voice says: "You rebuilt that robot, I mean, Emily, all on your own?"
Catra says: "While living in the vents?"
in her normal voice says: "While living in the vents?"
Entrapta says: "Sure did."
releasing herself from the shackles says: "Sure did."
Entrapta says: "Not only that, but she’s better than ever."
releasing herself from the shackles says: "Not only that, but she’s better than ever."
Entrapta says: "Stronger, increased weapons capabilities, and affectionate, too."
releasing herself from the shackles says: "Stronger, increased weapons capabilities, and affectionate, too."
Emily noises.
Entrapta says: "Who knows how much more powerful she could be if I just had access to a little First Ones tech."
rubbing Emily before getting back into the shackles says: "Who knows how much more powerful she could be if I just had access to a little First Ones tech."
Entrapta says: "You don’t have any here, do you?"
rubbing Emily before getting back into the shackles says: "You don’t have any here, do you?"
Catra says: "-First what?"
Entrapta says: "-First Ones tech."
Entrapta says: "You know, advanced technology left behind by a lost civilization?"
Entrapta says: "Makes our modern innovations look like children’s toys?"
Entrapta says: "I’ve been attempting to integrate First Ones tech into my experiments for years, but my understanding of their code is still rudimentary."
Entrapta says: "If I could just find the key to their language, there’s no telling what I could build."
Entrapta says: "Such a find could yield almost unlimited power."
Catra says: "And where would one find this tech?"
Entrapta says: "It’s buried all over the planet."
Entrapta says: "It gives off a signal that can be traced."
Entrapta says: "Lately, I’ve been tracking the strongest signal I’ve ever seen."
Entrapta says: "It must be a massive stash."
Catra says: "-Where?"
with sparkling eyes says: "-Where?"
Scorpia says: "-Ugh."
The wall Scorpia was setting bricks in crumbles.
Scorpia says: "Huh."
Catra says: "I mean, uh, where?"
Entrapta says: "I’ve triangulated the signal to somewhere in the Whispering Woods."
Entrapta says: "The whole shifting landscape thing makes for a complicated variable, but I’ve created a map that’s accurate within two quadrants."
Catra says: "How do I get my hands on this map?"
Entrapta says: "Like any good scientist, I carry everything I need on my person."
Entrapta hands Catra a tablet and Catra pokes at the blurry screen in frustration whilst grunting. Entrapta taps the panel with her and a map appears. Catra smiles and confers with Scorpia.
Catra says: "I’m not sure if we can trust her yet."
Catra says: "But if she’s telling the truth, this could give us a huge advantage over the Rebellion."
Catra says: "Hordak will finally see how much more valuable I am than Shadow Weaver."
Scorpia says: "I bet he’ll promote you to.."
Scorpia says: "To.."
Scorpia says: "What comes after Force Captain?"
Catra says: "Keep an eye on Entrapta while I go see if this pans out."
Entrapta says: "I hope it does, I wanna build something bbbiiigggg."
tapping Catra on the shoulder with her hair says: "I hope it does, I wanna build something bbbiiigggg."
her voice becoming softer as the sentence goes on says: "I hope it does, I wanna build something bbbiiigggg."
Entrapta has freed herself and Catra frowns.
Entrapta says: "Oh, sorry, my bad."
Entrapta eyes the restraints.
Entrapta says: "Which hair part was in which thingy?"
NEW SCENE.
In bright moon.
She-Ra says: "What good am I if I can’t even heal one princess?"
She-Ra retrieves her sword from the wall.
She-Ra says: "Why even carry a sword?"
Knocking on door. Glimmer gasps and the knocking continues.
Glimmer says: "Everybody, just act normal."
Glimmer opens the door to find Angella on the other side.
Glimmer says: "Mom, we’re busy."
Angella says: "I won’t be long."
Angella says: "You are requested for dinner with me tonight."
Angella says: "Alone."
Glimmer says: "But Mom!"
Glimmer says: "I’m really tired."
Glimmer says: "Can’t I just stay in my room and rest?"
Angella says: "I’m sorry, I don’t know why I said request."
Angella says: "It’s not a request."
Angella says: "You are required to have dinner with me because I’m your mother and.."
Angella says: "I’m also the queen, so I can make you."
Bow says: "Yikes."
whispering to She-Ra says: "Yikes."
Bow says: "She’s playing the queen card."
whispering to She-Ra says: "She’s playing the queen card."
Angella says: "No need to answer."
Angella says: "I’ll see you in an hour."
Glimmer closes the door as Angella walks away and Glimmer starts glitching again.
She-Ra says: "That’s it."
She-Ra says: "I can’t stay here and be useless."
She-Ra says: "Bow is right."
She-Ra says: "I don’t know how to use my powers."
Bow says: "I didn’t say that."
Bow says: "Or not that exactly."
She-Ra says: "The Horde has a lot of things wrong."
She-Ra says: "Okay, pretty much everything."
She-Ra says: "But one thing they are right about is training."
She-Ra says: "And how can I train if I don’t know anything about She-Ra?"
She-Ra says: "I’m going to go somewhere so I can learn."
She-Ra says: "And then I’m gonna fix you, Glimmer."
Glimmer says: "How?"
Glimmer says: "Can you do it in an hour?"
She-Ra says: "Probably not, since I’m not totally sure where I’m going."
She-Ra says: "I need to find the place Madame Razz took me."
She-Ra says: "I- it’s some sort of beacon."
She-Ra says: "I can’t explain it, but I-I know I can get answers there."
Glimmer says: "Running away."
Glimmer says: "Great idea."
Glimmer says: "Then I won’t have to go to dinner with my mom."
Glimmer says: "I’ll get my things."
She-Ra says: "No, I have to do this on my own."
She-Ra leaps out of the window with a shout. Bow looks outside.
Adora says: "Ow."
Bow says: "She’s okay."
Glimmer says: "I hope she stays that way."
NEW SCENE.
In the Fright Zone.
Catra packs the map in her bag.
Shadow Weaver says: "Going somewhere?"
Catra says: "Like I’d tell you."
Catra says: "I’ve got a lead on something big, and I’m not about to let you take all the credit again."
Catra says: "Not that it worked out so great for you last time."
Catra notices how bad Shadow Weaver is doing.
Catra says: "Don’t worry about that thing with Hordak."
Catra says: "I’ve got loads of experience being yelled at."
Catra says: "Mostly by you, actually."
Catra says: "You get used to it."
Catra is about to leave when her arm gets grabbed by Shadow Weaver.
Shadow Weaver says: "I will not get used to mediocrity like you."
Shadow Weaver says: "And I certainly don’t need your pity."
Shadow Weaver says: "I was hard on you, I won’t deny it."
Shadow Weaver says: "And I won’t apologize."
Shadow Weaver says: "I just wanted to prepare you for the world."
Shadow Weaver says: "I wanted you to be strong."
Catra says: "Yeah, well, congratulations."
Catra says: "I’m plenty strong now."
Catra says: "And I don’t need you."
Back in Bright Moon, Bow sits with Glimmer in her room.
Bow says: "Listen, Glimmer, I appreciate you trying, but you can’t protect me anymore."
Bow says: "We have to tell your mom."
Glimmer says: "We’re not telling anybody’s mom!"
Glimmer says: "And, what do you mean, protect you?"
Bow says: "Isn’t it obvious?"
Bow says: "This is all my fault."
Bow says: "If I hadn’t gone to Princess Prom with Perfuma, then we wouldn’t have been separated, and then I wouldn’t have gotten kidnapped, and you wouldn’t be sick."
Bow says: "See?"
Bow says: "All my fault!"
Glimmer says: "That’s crazy."
Glimmer says: "This is obviously my fault!"
Glimmer says: "I let myself get distracted."
Glimmer says: "I shouldn’t’ve been so weird about you hanging out with someone else."
Glimmer says: "I’m sorry, Bow."
Bow says: "You can’t be sorry when I’m tryin’ to be sorry."
Glimmer says: "Yeah, but your sorry is wrong, and mine is right."
Glimmer says: "Ya know what?"
Glimmer says: "Let’s just hug."
As they embrace, Glimmer glows with pink electricity, trembling again, gritting her teeth.
Glimmer says: "I’m glitching, aren’t I?"
Bow says: "It hurts."
Bow says: "."
Bow says: "."
Bow says: "so much."
They let go after the episode passes.
Glimmer says: "How am I going to get through dinner without my mom noticing?"
She brightens with inspiration.
Glimmer says: "We start a fire in the castle, and my mom’ll have to cancel!"
Bow crosses his arms and smiles at her with a wry look.
Glimmer says: "Just a small one?"
She-Ra is walking through the darkened forest, looking for a sign of the structure Razz showed her.
She-Ra says: "It was definitely this way."
She-Ra says: "I think."
She-Ra says: "Oh!"
She-Ra says: "That rock looks familiar."
She approaches, frowns, and leans against it.  Groaning with frustration.
She-Ra says: "Because I passed it an hour ago."
Drawing her sword, she marks the stone with an “X”.
Glimmer has now joined Angella, alone in the dining hall.  The table is set beautifully for two.
Angella says: "I gave the staff the night off so it could be just us."
Angella says: "And I made your favorite."
There is a pause, as Glimmer looks at the food and smiles to her mother.
Angella says: "Well, I didn’t make it."
Angella says: "But I had the kitchen make it before I gave them the night off."
Glimmer says: "Thanks."
Angella says: "We’ve hardly had a chance to talk since you returned."
Glimmer turns away from her mother, grimacing a little as she prevents a glitch.
Glimmer says: "Well, you know, not much to talk about."
Angella says: "Not much to talk about?"
Angella says: "You were kidnapped!"
Angella says: "And you lost a friend when you escaped."
Angella says: "And."
Angella says: "."
Angella says: "."
Glimmer says: "I get it, Mom!"
Glimmer says: "I failed!"
Angella says: "That’s not what I’m."
Angella says: "."
Angella says: "."
Suddenly, Glimmer glitches strongly and painfully, crying out as her body is enveloped in bursts of pink energy.  Her mother looks on in deep concern and rushes to hold her as she collapses and comes out of it.
Angella says: "Stop!"
Angella says: "Make it stop!"
Angella says: "Glimmer, what’s happening to you?!"
Angella says: "!"
Angella says: "What aren’t you telling me?!"
Angella says: "!"
Glimmer pushes her away and stands up.
Glimmer says: "Don’t yell at me!"
Glimmer says: "I know I messed everything up, okay?!"
Glimmer says: "!"
Glimmer says: "I know, I’m a big disappointment!"
Angella says: "What are you talking about?"
Glimmer says: "Entrapta died trying to rescue me, and the Princess Alliance is over, and Shadow Weaver did something to my powers!"
Glimmer says: "I’m sorry I couldn’t be perfect like you!"
Glimmer says: "You have no idea what it’s like to be such a screw-up!!"
Angella says: "I don’t know how you feel?"
Angella says: "I got your father killed!"
There is a terrible pause, Angella’s fists clinched, Glimmer mirroring her wide stare of shock.  Angella relaxes a little, speaking more softly, with remorse.
Angella says: "I ordered the battle that your father perished in."
Angella says: "I’ve never forgiven myself."
Glimmer says: "I - I didn’t know that."
Angella says: "Yes, well."
Angella says: "."
Angella says: "."
Angella says: "you never talk to me."
Angella says: "Why didn’t you tell me you were sick?"
Glimmer says: "Because I was ashamed."
Glimmer says: "I acted without thinking."
Glimmer says: "The exact thing you’re always telling me not to do."
Glimmer says: "I teleported right into their trap."
Glimmer says: "The alliance is over."
Glimmer says: "And I’m to blame."
Angella says: "Oh, Glimmer."
Angella says: "I’m the one who failed."
Angella says: "If I hadn’t let the first alliance fall apart after your father’s death, none of this would be happening."
Glimmer says: "You feel like a failure?"
Angella says: "Don’t make the same mistake I did."
Angella says: "I should have kept fighting."
Angella says: "You should, too."
Glimmer says: "But the other princesses."
Glimmer says: "They all quit."
Glimmer says: "You don’t think the rebellion is done?"
Angella says: "With my daughter leading it?"
Angella says: "Not."
Angella says: "A."
Angella says: "Chance."
Glimmer says: "Even if my powers are gone?"
Angella says: "We’ll figure it out."
Angella says: "Together."
Glimmer smiles and sinks into her mother’s embrace.
Deep within the forest, She-Ra is determined, following her instincts in search of the beacon.
Catra faces the edge of the Whispering Woods in the moonlight, sensing something.  She grunts resolutely and enters the woods.  She-Ra makes her way, one way, then another.
Catra studies her tracker pad, but the display is only static, useless.
She-Ra enters a clearing, with a familiar stone in the center, marked by an “X.”  In rage, she smashes it with her sword, and cries out to the night.
She-Ra says: "Nooooo!"
She-Ra says: "I’ve been walking in a straight line!"
She-Ra says: "I’m trying to help!"
She-Ra says: "Why are you stopping me?!"
She-Ra says: "!"
Catra, lost in the woods, trips over a root.  Standing again, she throws her useless tracker pad against a tree and growls.
Catra says: "I should’ve known better than to trust a princess!"
There is strange whispering in the forest.  Glowing motes in the air.  Catra shudders, disturbed.
She-Ra continues to plead with whatever spirits surround her.
She-Ra says: "Just let me fix this, please!"
She-Ra says: "I - I can’t let anyone else get hurt."
Looking around, there is no answer.  She sighs, transforming back to Adora, throwing her sword to the ground.
Adora says: "Fine."
Adora says: "You win."
Adora says: "You want me to be weak?"
Adora says: "Well."
Adora says: "I am."
Adora says: "And I’m afraid."
Adora says: "Because, I - I’m no good at any of this."
She crumples to the ground in defeat.  Then, she becomes aware of the whispering voice, and she looks around.  From between the trees, there is a light.  Hope.  She stands and walks toward it.  Parting the leaves, the beacon tower is revealed before her, dark and powerful.  She begins walking towards it, almost entranced.
Catra, still struggling through the forest, has become completely exasperated.
Catra says: "Augh!"
Catra says: "I’ll never find this “magical tech!"
Catra says: "”  If it even exists in the first place!"
But, suddenly, she sees a light in the near distance, and the figure entering it.
Catra says: "On second thought."
Catra says: "."
Catra says: "."
She leaps into a tree, climbs to a high branch in moments, where she can look down upon Adora, approaching the awesome structure.  A cruel smile crosses her lips.
Catra says: "Hey, Adora."
Credits Roll.