The Northern Reach, a frozen wasteland; a Horde outpost.
A blizzard whistles outside the base; a Horde flag flaps and clinks on a pole; Entrapta sits in a lab, typing away; she spins and rolls her chair over to a different console, clacking of her keyboard is heard, as well as the monitor's beeping; Catra walks up and intakes a sharp breath, shivering.
Entrapta says: "Hi, Catra!"
Entrapta says: "Did you have a nice nap?"
Catra says: "Why is this taking so long?"
Catra says: "You said there was a First Ones weapon here."
Catra says: "Where is it?"
Entrapta says: "I never said "weapon", I said there's a piece of First Ones tech buried deep under the ice  and a really powerful one at that!"
Entrapta says: "With the energy levels we picked up, it must have been part of the First Ones supercomputer."
Catra says: "Hordak is not going to be happy if we waste his time and come back empty-handed."
Entrapta says: "There's always data!"
Catra says: "This place gives me the creeps."
Outside the base in the blizzard, a creature crashes through the snow, roaring and writhing.
Opening theme.
On the ocean, the ship called the Dragon's Daughter Five skims the water; Sea Hawk and the BFS are aboard.
Sea Hawk says: "The Dragon's Daughter Five!"
Sea Hawk says: "She cuts a fine line on the sea, does she not?"
Bow says: "Wait, what happened to the Dragon's Daughter Four?"
Bow says: "..."
Bow says: "Oh, oh, oh!"
Bow says: "Was it  adventure?"
Sea Hawk says: "Anyway, I'm honored to be a part of another daring mission for the Rebellion!"
She-Ra says: "Well, you know, we needed a boat to get up here, and you..."
She-Ra says: "have a boat."
Sea Hawk says: "Truth be told, I was..."
Sea Hawk says: "glad to have something to do."
Sea Hawk says: "Mermista canceled our plans this week and she's hanging out with her other friends, and didn't invite me to join, I..."
Glimmer teleports next to him and he gasps.
Glimmer says: "Well..."
Glimmer says: "let this mission distract you from all that."
Glimmer says: "..."
Glimmer says: "We've received reports of Horde activity from the Northern Reach."
Glimmer says: "They've set up some kind of outpost, but we have no idea know why."
Bow says: "The Northern Reach is nothing but snow and ice."
Bow says: "What could they possibly be doing?"
She-Ra says: "I don't know, but it can't be good."
The Horde Base, lab.
Scorpia steps and peers around a container at Catra, who groans and jumps from container to container, opening one up that squeaks.
Scorpia says: "she knows that."
Scorpia takes a deep breath out in preparation, and walks over to Catra who is still looking through the boxes.
Catra says: "Scorpia, good, you're here."
Scorpia says: "Yes, I am."
Catra says: "Entrapta brought all this junk from her lab."
Catra says: "Help me find a space heater or something, since apparently, we live here now."
Scorpia steps forward slightly.
Scorpia says: "..."
Scorpia says: "hang out sometime?"
Scorpia says: "..."
Scorpia says: "With me?"
Catra says: "What are you talking about?"
Catra says: "We are hanging out."
Catra says: "Right now."
Scorpia says: "Yes."
Scorpia says: "Totally."
Scorpia says: "Totes."
Catra picks it up, it shines with a digital whoom; Entrapta rushes over and Catra stops her from grabbing the disc by putting a hand on her face.
Entrapta says: "Aaah, careful with that!"
Entrapta says: "It's a rare First Ones artifact!"
Entrapta says: "I've been meaning to study it, but I haven't gotten the chance yet."
Entrapta says: "The last time I deployed it, it ended up infecting my robots with some kind of..."
Entrapta says: "murder-virus."
Catra says: "You brought along a murder-virus, and not a blanket?"
Entrapta says: "Also, she got very floppy."
Catra says: "A She-Ra off-switch, huh?"
Catra says: "Why didn't you say something sooner?"
Scorpia says: "So, anyway, in non..."
An alarm blares in the base and Entrapta gasps.
Entrapta says: "Uh-oh."
Catra says: "What?"
Outside in the Northern Reach, the blizzard roars on; Sea Hawk and the BFS walk in the snow.
Sea Hawk says: "am I not cool enough, for them?"
Sea Hawk says: "I'm so cool."
Sea Hawk says: "I'm Sea Hawk!"
Bow's tracker pad whirs; Sea Hawk grunts when he bumps into She-Ra, who is kneeling and scanning the ground.
Glimmer says: "What's wrong?"
Glimmer says: "Did you see something?"
She-Ra says: "No, I think there's something else out here."
Sea Hawk says: "..."
Sea Hawk says: "I am cool, right?"
Sea Hawk says: "I am."
Sea Hawk says: "Right?"
Bow says: "My tracker pad's been on the fritz ever since that rogue communications hub messed with it."
Bow says: "I'm having trouble pinpointing the Horde's location."
Sea Hawk says: "Worry not."
Sea Hawk says: "We'll follow our  This way!"
Bow says: "Or, there's this new signal, now."
Bow says: "It's big."
Bow says: "It looks like a First Ones tech signature."
She-Ra says: "That's where the Horde will be."
Sea Hawk grunts and hums to himself, redirecting his pointing as he walks to follow the others.
Outside the Horde base, the bridge above the chasm where Entrapta's bots are drilling.
Super Pal Trio stand on the bridge looking down.
Entrapta says: "Ah!"
Entrapta says: "Here we go."
Entrapta says: "Well..."
Entrapta says: "the drilling bots are gone."
Scorpia says: "What?"
Scorpia says: "They just disappeared into thin air?"
Entrapta says: "Maybe there's scientific truth about the rumors of strange happenings in this region..."
Catra says: "tech."
She-Ra says: "Catra."
She-Ra says: "It's been awhile."
Catra says: "Hey, Adora."
She-Ra says: "You're pretty far from the front line."
She-Ra says: "I guess Shadow Weaver's keeping you away from the action since you lost the Battle of Bright Moon."
Catra says: "Wow."
Catra says: "I always forget how clueless you are."
She-Ra says: "We're here to take back this land."
She-Ra says: "It's time for you to go back to the Fright Zone."
Catra says: "You want us to go?!"
Catra says: "!"
Catra says: "Try and make us."
She-Ra says: "My pleasure."
She-Ra leaps forward and crashes her sword down as Catra dodges; Catra runs and She-Ra chases after, respectively grunting and hissing; Bow readies his Bow with an arrow and Glimmer charges her fists.
Sea Hawk says: "Adventure!"
Scorpia says: "This is not how this night was supposed to go!"
Scorpia grunts, leaping into the air to land on Sea Hawk; Glimmer grunts and summons her staff to fire sparkle bombs at Scorpia's face; Scorpia blocks and rushes to grab Glimmer, shouting as she's whipped down into the chasm; Glimmer shouts when she sees two pairs of eyes in the dark and teleports back to land, sighing in relief; Sea Hawk and Scorpia fight, sword hitting claw, both grunting.
Sea Hawk says: "Hey, while we're here, would you describe me as cool?"
Sea Hawk says: "Be honest, now."
Bow says: "Entrapta!"
Bow says: "Whatever you're doing here has to stop!"
Bow says: "You don't understand the forces you're messing with!"
Entrapta says: "I know!"
Entrapta says: "That's the fun of it!"
She-Ra transforms the sword into a staff, grunts as she swings at Catra, who grunts and dodges; Catra runs when She-Ra lodges the staff into a rock; She-Ra transforms the sword into a rope, throwing it and ensnaring Catra's foot, who shouts when she hits the ground.
She-Ra says: "Don't move!"
The sword grows red veins and She-Ra cries out as waves of energy erupt from the sword; Glimmer teleports next to them.
Glimmer says: "Catra, what did you do?!"
Glimmer says: "!"
From now on, all She-Ra moments are Infected She-Ra--her voice is slightly layered.
Infected She-Ra screams and runs at Catra; a rock crumbles when she swings at Catra who yelps and jumps out of the way; Glimmer teleports out of the way as She-Ra swings and breaks more rocks.
Catra says: "You said she'd be powerless."
Entrapta says: "She will be."
Entrapta says: "Eventually."
Entrapta says: "I think."
Catra says: "Actually, this is pretty cool."
Glimmer continues to teleport out of the way of She-Ra's strikes, She-Ra still screaming in rage.
Glimmer says: "I know you're still in there, Adora!"
Glimmer says: "You've got to snap out of it!"
Glimmer says: "Let go of the sword."
Glimmer says: "You're gonna be okay, I promise!"
She-Ra grunts as she elbows Glimmer and she grunts falling to the snow.
Sea Hawk says: "What is happening?!"
Sea Hawk says: "!"
She-Ra breaks the net and screams, charging and swinging at the three, slamming her blade down and lodging it in the ice as they teleport away; She-Ra screams and electricity sizzles around the blade as she struggles and finally frees the sword, sending a shockwave of ice out; the ice underneath the trio cracks and collapses as they scream and fall; She-Ra pants.
Catra says: "This is the greatest thing that's ever happened."
She-Ra lifts the sword in a metal clang, then grunts and rushes to the Super Pal Trio, shouting and swinging her sword at Catra; Entrapta laughs as Catra grunts and doges She-Ra's strikes; Catra blinds She-Ra momentarily with snow to the face; Catra attempts to flip over She-Ra, but She-Ra grabs her ankle and slams her down to the ground; Catra gasps, and She-Ra laughs maniacally as she lifts her sword.
Catra says: "Adora!"
Catra says: "Wait!"
She-Ra transforms back into Adora as Scorpia holds her back, Adora groans slightly, but is unconscious; Entrapta walks over on her hair.
Entrapta says: "Oh!"
Entrapta says: "I get it now!"
Entrapta says: "The sword got infected, not Adora herself."
Entrapta says: "Huh."
Entrapta says: "I guess she really is organic matter."
Scorpia says: "Catra, are you okay?!"
Scorpia says: "!"
Catra says: "Come on, get her inside."
The blizzard continues to roar as a creature peeks up in the distance, clicking and whirring as red veins branch out around its eyes.
Somewhere nearby in the Northern Reach.
Bow says: "Is everyone okay?"
Sea Hawk grunts as he and Glimmer push out from under some snow.
Sea Hawk says: "Well, I for one, am shocked and terrified."
Sea Hawk says: "What happened up there?"
Glimmer says: "It's Entrapta's disc."
Glimmer says: "It infected She-Ra once before."
Glimmer says: "We've got to get to Catra and destroy it for good."
Sea Hawk says: "Adventure!"
Glimmer says: "I can't."
Glimmer says: "I exhausted my magic in the fight."
Glimmer says: "Until I can recharge, we're climbing."
Sea Hawk says: "Well, that's terribly inconvenient."
Sea Hawk says: "Shouldn't you keep better count, or something?"
Glimmer says: "I hope Catra survives She-Ra so I can wipe that smirk off her face myself."
Horde base, the lab.
Catra says: "Always so perfect, look at you now."
Catra says: "You're coming back to the Horde, under my command."
Scorpia says: "So we're, uh, keeping her..."
Scorpia says: "?"
Catra says: "You saw her out there."
Entrapta says: "It looks like the bots were able to pinpoint the First Ones tech before they disappeared."
Entrapta says: "If you just give me a little more time."
Catra says: "Ugh, hey."
Catra says: "This dumb mission is over."
Catra says: "We have what we need right here, the ultimate weapon."
Catra says: "Pack up."
Catra says: "We're taking her back to the Fright Zone."
Entrapta says: "But..."
Catra says: "Oh, wanted us to dig a useless hole for nothing?"
Catra says: "Forget it, I'm bringing She-Ra back."
Both gasp as an alarm wails.
Catra says: "I'll go."
Catra says: "It's probably just more Rebel idiots."
Catra says: "Scorpia, keep an eye on Adora."
Scorpia says: "Oh, yeah."
Scorpia says: "Yeah."
Scorpia says: "I will absolutely look after this sleeping, non-moving person."
Scorpia says: "Uh..."
Entrapta says: "She went that way."
Nearby in the Northern Reach, on a cliffside.
The blizzard still roars; Sea Hawk, Glimmer, and Bow climb up the cliffside.
Sea Hawk says: "I'm a pirate!"
Sea Hawk says: "Pirates are the definition of cool."
Sea Hawk says: "Although, you would think that I'd get invited to more parties..."
Sea Hawk says: "I mean, you think I'm cool, right?"
Sea Hawk shouts as he loses his grip and waves his arms about, screaming as he falls; Bow shoots out a rope arrow that secures around Sea Hawk's shoulders, making him grunt as he stops falling; he sings mournfully.
Sea Hawk says: "I'm Sea Hawk, I am, I am / Want to take a guy for granted, then I am your man  / Unappreciated in all I do, why can't they see, I'm very cool / Guys, back me up, I'm very cool!"
Inside the Horde base.
Scorpia says: "Just wanted a moment alone with Catra, but, no, I'm stuck babysitting her ex-best friend."
Scorpia says: "Uh..."
Scorpia says: "you okay, there, Adora?"
Adora reaches up and presses a button, mimicking beep noises by saying boop; she does this several times as Scorpia attempts to stop her.
Scorpia says: "Stop that."
Adora appears on Scorpia's back and boops the buttons again until Scorpia grabs and throws her away with a thud.
Adora pops into frame again and boops the buttons again with more exaggerated noises and a red light beeps on; Scorpia grabs her hand and moves her away, blocking her.
Scorpia says: "Please!"
Scorpia says: "I'm a woman on the edge!"
Scorpia says: "I've had a real challenge of a day!"
Adora chuckles slightly as she dips around to boop more buttons, Scorpia whips her away as a green light dings on and the door opens.
Scorpia says: "How did you do that?"
Scorpia says: "Ugh, I get it."
Scorpia says: "You know Catra's favorite number and I don't."
Scorpia says: "Rub it in my face, why don't you?"
Metal crashes as the hallway is ripped away; the blizzard rages outside their room.
Scorpia says: "Uh..."
Scorpia says: "that's not good."
Adora laughs as she trots out into the snow, humming in effort as she tries to catch some on her tongue; a creature whirs in the distance; Scorpia gasps and runs out to grab Adora as she continues to laugh slightly; the creature hisses and whirs as Scorpia tosses Adora into the room, at which Adora shouts; the creature hisses and Scorpia closes the door.
Scorpia says: "Change of plans, how about we stay inside?"
Nearby in the Northern Reach.
The blizzard continues.
Bow says: "Any sign of She-Ra?"
Bow says: "Preferably the version of her that won't throw us off a cliff?"
Glimmer says: "Uh, no..."
Glimmer says: "no She-Ra..."
Glimmer says: "Just a terrifying snow monster!"
A creature slithers around the base, whirring; the group gasps and turns to a creature behind them, which roars; the group screams and runs away, the creature crashing through ice after them.
Scene transition to inside the closet with Scorpia and Adora; monstrous roars can be heard outside.
The door opens to Sea Hawk with goggles on and the blizzard.
Sea Hawk says: "I'm here to rescue you!"
Adora says: "Uh..."
Adora says: "more like I'm here to rescue you."
Sea Hawk says: "That doesn't make any sense."
Sea Hawk says: "Is she all right?"
Scorpia says: "I don't know, but she is getting on my last nerve, and she is not going anywhere."
Sea Hawk says: "We'll see about that!"
Sea Hawk says: "En garde!"
Sea Hawk lunges for Adora and grabs her while Scorpia hangs on; both grunt as they tug her back and forth.
Adora says: "Aw..."
Adora says: "you guys are my best friends!"
Inside the base, a hallway.
Catra walks through as the alarm blares; the alarm suddenly shuts off and the metal around her rattles; the wall suddenly juts out, screeching, as if something hit it as a monster growls.
Catra says: "What's happening?"
Catra says: "Why is the power going out?"
Bow and Glimmer hide from a creature.
Glimmer says: "Where did these things come from?!"
Glimmer says: "!"
Bow says: "I'm guessing it's something to do with that giant pit Entrapta dug."
Glimmer says: "UGH!"
Glimmer says: "Catra is the worst!"
Both gasp as a monster hisses overhead, then roars.
Bow says: "Uh, think you have one teleport left?"
Glimmer says: "Hope so!"
They teleport away just as the beast crashes face first into the snow where they were; they appear in the lab behind Catra; the monitors/machinery whir and beep as Entrapta and Catra stare at Glimmer and Bow in silence; Glimmer opens her eyes and then taps Bow's arm to make him look up.
Entrapta says: "Hi!"
Bow gasps as he fires an arrow at Catra and Glimmer powers up her fists, Catra grunts as she dodges; Entrapta lets out an "Ow!" as she is hit by the arrow, encasing her in some type of cloth; Catra lands on top of a container.
Entrapta says: "Fascinating..."
Inside the closet.
Sea Hawk says: "Hand."
Sea Hawk says: "Her."
Sea Hawk says: "Over!"
Adora giggles slightly as she's pulled toward him, then Scorpia.
Scorpia says: "Let go!"
Scorpia says: "Catra entrusted me with watching her, I can't let her down."
Adora says: "Catra..."
Adora says: "She's mean..."
Scorpia says: "I wish she would see me as being worth her time, too."
Catra says: "Always great to see you, Sparkles, but we're a little busy here!"
Glimmer says: "Where's the disc, Catra?"
Catra says: "What, you didn't like my new, improved version of She-Ra?"
Entrapta says: "Infected?"
Entrapta says: "That can't be right."
Inside the closet.
Sea Hawk and Scorpia sit facing each other and Adora lies on the ground nearby, yawning.
Sea Hawk says: "I mean, just once I'd like to hang out with Mermista and her friends."
Sea Hawk says: "I'm good at groups!"
Sea Hawk says: "I have excellent stories of derring-do!"
Sea Hawk says: "Why don't they want me around?"
Scorpia says: "Oh, I hear ya."
Scorpia says: "Catra's been so busy since she got promoted, but she still always expects me to make time for her."
Scorpia says: "Does she even understand how much I do for her?!"
Scorpia says: "!"
Sea Hawk says: "Exactly!"
Sea Hawk says: "It seems like..."
Sea Hawk says: "the only time anyone wants to hang is when they need me to give them a ride, or do something for them."
Scorpia says: "I even had to buff!"
Sea Hawk begins to laugh slowly, then more vigorously, and Scorpia laughs, too.
Scorpia says: "Is there..."
Scorpia says: "something wrong with us?"
Sea Hawk says: "You know what?"
Sea Hawk says: "She's right."
Sea Hawk says: "We are really great."
Sea Hawk says: "I'm Sea Hawk!"
Scorpia says: "I'll always be there for her, because that's who I am!"
Adora says: "Yayyy!"
Scorpia says: "And I'm also someone who's about to go kick some bug butt!"
Sea Hawk says: "Let's show them what we're made of!"
Inside the lab.
The room rumbles, and the monsters roar.
Glimmer says: "We have to destroy the disc, or none of us are getting out of here!"
Catra says: "Huh."
Catra says: "Guess I must've lost it."
Entrapta says: "Oh, Catra, it's in your pocket, remember?"
Catra groans; Glimmer and Bow ready their weapon/magic; Catra gasps as the room rumbles and cracks form on the wall; Catra shouts as the wall is burst through and she is thrown and crashes into containers; Glimmer and Bow scream; beams hit the monster as it roars and thrashes, leaving.
Scorpia says: "For the Horde!"
Sea Hawk says: "I don't agree with that sentiment, but I'm also here!"
Adora says: "Pew, pew-pew!"
The monster thrashes and breaks more of the wall, roaring.
Adora says: "Heyy, I know you."
Scorpia says: "Catra, are you all right?"
Catra says: "Just find the sword."
Catra says: "I've got Adora!"
Catra runs and Glimmer slams into her, both grunting; they roll on the ground struggling; Adora meanders around giggling with the mop and Bow readies to shoot; Catra holds the disc up out of Glimmer's reach until Glimmer pushes her arm and it clatters to the ground; Catra pushes Glimmer off her and runs for the disc, while Bow fires his arrow, whistling toward the disc; Catra catches the arrow and flings it back, causing Bow to exclaim and jump out of the way of its explosion; Catra grabs the disc and runs just as Glimmer teleports behind her.
Scorpia crawls, searching for the sword, spotting it just as Adora does, too; Adora's foot squeaks as she giggles and turns to look down at the sword.
Scorpia says: "Oh, no you don't!"
Sea Hawk says: "En garde!"
The monster roars and breaks through the wall a bit more.
Glimmer says: "Just."
Glimmer says: "Give."
Glimmer says: "Us."
Glimmer says: "The."
Glimmer says: "Disc!"
Catra says: "Are you kidding?"
Catra says: "I've got control of Adora."
Catra says: "I am not giving that up."
The monster roars and finally worms its way through, crashing its jaws into where Catra and Glimmer were as they both scream and jump away; Glimmer grunts as she rolls and bumps into a container; Catra's shoes squeak as she slides away grunting; Catra gasps as the monster turns to her and roars; she grunts more as it crashes into containers chasing her.
Scorpia, Bow, and Sea Hawk all strain, Sea Hawk laying underneath Scorpia reaching for the sword while Bow holds her back with his bow; Catra pants and grunts as the monster throws her into a container with a thud, the disc clattering on the ground; the monster roars louder.
Bow says: "Catra, you have to destroy the disc."
Bow says: "It's the only way to stop them!"
Scorpia says: "Catra!"
Catra yells out as she dodges the monster, hopping up onto containers to evade as it crashes through them; she drops the disc and it clatters on the floor as she gets trapped holding the monster's jaws open, shouting as she strains against it; Scorpia picks up the disc.
Glimmer says: "Scorpia, you can end this."
Glimmer says: "You've got to break the disc now!"
Catra says: "Don't."
Catra says: "You."
Catra says: "Dare!"
Scorpia says: "Uh..."
Scorpia says: "."
Scorpia says: "uh..."
Sea Hawk says: "It seems to me that caring about someone is the greatest adventure of them all."
Scorpia says: "Sorry, Wildcat."
Scorpia says: "This..."
Scorpia says: "is for your own good."
Catra says: "NO!"
Scorpia breaks the disc, causing a wave of energy to surge into the monster, and it growls; Catra grunts as she jumps free; the monster whirs as it slithers away, meeting another and crashing out into the snow.
Adora says: "Oh..."
Adora says: "What happened?"
Catra groans as she gets up; Adora and Catra share a look and Adora grunts; Scorpia grabs Catra, and Catra grunts in surprise.
On the ocean, in a Horde ship speeding along.
Catra says: "How are we going to explain this one to Hordak?"
Entrapta says: "Failure?"
Entrapta says: "This mission was a resounding success."
Entrapta says: "Ta-daaa!"
Entrapta says: "I got the First Ones tech!"
Catra says: "What?"
Catra says: "When did you even--How long have you had that?!"
Catra says: "!"
Entrapta says: "A while."
Entrapta says: "But we were having so much fun, I didn't want to say anything."
Entrapta says: "Isn't it amazing?"
Entrapta says: "This puppy'll be able to power Hordak's portal technology and then some!"
Scorpia shivers next to Catra.
Catra says: "Hey."
Catra says: "Thanks for getting us out of there."
Scorpia says: "Any time."
Credits Roll.