The scene opens on the Red Lion, which has it's radar scaning for something. Keith is shown looking intently at it, while having a flashback to the season two finale battle against Zarkon. He sighs deeply.
Keith says: "There's nothing out here, Coran."
Coran says: "I'm sorry, Keith."
Keith says: "I'm coming home."
Keith turns the Red Lion around. The scene changes to Coran, who walks in on Allura sniffing her dress. Allura notices Coran, and her eyes widen.
Allura says: "I'm worried it smells a bit musty."
Allura says: "It's been awhile since I've had to look presentable."
Coran says: "The Cubserions just declared independence after a thousand years of oppression, so they probably won't notice."
Allura says: "Then why am I getting all puffed up like a Trufalian merengue?"
Allura says: "This is going to be a serious diplomatic meeting."
Coran grabs the end of Allura's dress, and fluffs it up.
Coran says: "Remember, Princess, 70 percent of diplomacy is appearance."
Coran says: "Then 29 percent is manners, decorum, formalities, and chit-chat."
Coran says: "It only about one percent, uh—"
Allura says: "Serious business about fighting for the freedom of the universe?"
Coran says: "Yes, that."
Coran says: "Oh, and I forgot hors d'oeuvres."
Coran says: "Oh, that's at least two percent, so I'll have to recalculate my..."
Allura says: "We just freed these planets, do you really think they're ready to come together to fight the Galra?"
Coran says: "I don't think it's a question of wanting to fight back, but of believing that it's possible."
Coran says: "It's up to you to give them that faith."
Allura says: "It should be Voltron."
Coran says: "We can't always put the fate of the universe in the hands of a giant weapon."
Coran says: "At least, that's what your father believed."
The scene changes. The Blue and Yellow Lions are being chased after by Galra fighter jets, and many of them explode.
Lance says: "About 30 ticks to the drop zone."
Lance says: "You ready, Kolivan?"
Kolivan says: "Affirmative."
Suddenly the Blue Lion is being fired at by towers on the ground.
Lance says: "Hold on, evasive action underway!"
The Lions destroy the towers firing at them.
Hunk says: "Lance, I think we just passed the drop zone."
Lance says: "We're under heavy fire, there's no way we can stop here."
Lance says: "Kolivan, any ideas?"
Kolivan says: "Open the hatch."
Kolivan says: "We'll take it from here."
Kolivan says: "Go!"
Kolivan says: "Go!"
Kolivan says: "Go!"
Kolivan ushers his men out of the hatch of the Blue Lion, and then follows himself. They drop to the ground, before running into the broken-down town full of Galra robots. A large cannon begins to charge up, from its place high in an overhang.
Lance says: "Think you're pretty good, huh?"
Lance says: "Can you handle this?"
Lance "backflips" midair in his Lion, shooting the ship that was chasing after him. It explodes without effort.
Lance says: "Didn't think so."
Lance says: "Hunk, you got a fighter right on your six!"
Hunk says: "Yeah, and I'm about to teach this sentry a lesson about tailgating."
Hunk pulls back, smashing right into the fighter jet. Kolivan then comes through their radio.
Kolivan says: "Paladins, can you hear me?"
Lance says: "We hear you, what's up?"
Kolivan says: "We're pinned down by heavy artillery."
Kolivan says: "We need air support."
The large cannon is firing at the town, where the Blade of Marmora men are trapped.
Lance says: "I see it."
Lance says: "I'll take it out!"
Lance goes to fire at the cannon, but it focuses it's attention on him.
Lance says: "Uh oh!"
Lance says: "I can't get a safe angle of attack!"
Hunk says: "Maybe not from the front."
Hunk pilots behind the rock structure the cannon is placed on, drill like tools appearing on his Lion's feet. He drills through the rock, the cannon being destroyed. The Galra ships can be seen fleeing, and the two Lions touch down to earth.
Kolivan says: "It appears the Galra forces are evacuating."
Hunk says: "Yeah, and stay out!"
Lance says: "Let's set 'em down over there and get ready for the parade."
They do just that, the next shot consisting of the Lions sitting there. Lance can be seen taking pictures with three girls.
Lance says: "Now this is the kind of world-saving that a Paladin can get used to!"
Hunk is being offered multiple platters of food by some older people.
Hunk says: "Whoo!"
Hunk says: "You got that right!"
Hunk says: "Oh, methinks I'll try this one with all the legs."
Hunk says: "Nope!"
Hunk says: "Still alive!"
The people that they had saved gather on the ground below the two Lions, looking up at them in awe. One of the elder people look over to the Blade of Marmora and growls in suspicion, the others following in suit. Kolivan looks away, before Hunk walks uo chewing on food.
Hunk says: "You know, based on our recent battles, it seems like the Galra Empire is kinda just falling apart."
Kolivan says: "It's more than that, look."
Lance says: "Whoah!"
On the mountainside, a picture of Voltron is carved into the rock. Lance takes a quick picture of it.
Kolivan says: "Word of Voltron's triumph is spreading."
Hunk says: "Yeah, I guess the only problem is that we can't form Voltron anymore."
Kolivan says: "That cannot stand."
Kolivan says: "The universe needs Voltron."
Man says: "Lions of Voltron, the people of Puig thank you for delivering us from the evil hands of the Galra empire."
Lance says: "Don't forget the Blade of Mamora."
Lance says: "We couldn't have done it without Kolivan and his team."
Kolivan says: "It was our honor."
The man and everyone surrounding him is shrouded by a look of distaste.
Man says: "Yes."
Man says: "I want to pledge to you that every able-bodied Puigian will join Voltron in the fight against the Galra."
Man says: "Speaking of Voltron, where is it?"
The crowd begins cheering, calling out for Voltron. It turns into a chant. Lance smiles nervously, while Hunk leans to him in a discreet way.
Hunk says: "I think this might be a problem."
In the next scene, we are back in the Altean castle. The footage of Matt's escape from the Galra prison is being played over and over, Pidge staring at it intently.
Coran says: "Oh, number five, you're back!"
Coran says: "How was your mission?"
Pidge says: "I talked to some members of the desert tribe on Planet Kythra who have these same large feathered ears."
Pidge says: "They're not friendly to Zarkon, but they couldn't help me identify the person in the footage."
Pidge says: "So, that's a dead end."
Pidge says: "Now, these flappy, loosey, pant-thingies..."
Coran says: "Are skort pantaloons."
Coran says: "Very breathable."
PIdge says: "Right."
PIdge says: "They're traditionally worn by the Tando people."
Coran says: "Yes, in the Valurian quadrant."
Pidge says: "Right, that's on the other side of the galaxy."
Pidge says: "And what's this mask thing that they all have on their faces?"
Coran says: "Hm, no idea."
Coran says: "But it appears to be the perfect blend of fashion and function."
Pidge says: "Okay, so, my brother was either taken by intergalactic fashion pirates, or..."
Coran says: "You know, I don't mind telling you this, but I was considered a bit of an intergalactic fashion pirate in my day."
Coran says: "I used to have a bogwaggle cape that I trained to sing my theme song whenever I entered a room."
A shot is shown of Coran wearing a large jacket-cape hybrid, and he chuckles gleefully. Pidge continues on.
Pidge says: "Maybe this will help."
Pidge says: "While I was gone I had the system analyze the sound of the explosion from the prison break."
Pidge plays the sound for Coran, which is then quickly analyzed.
Pidge says: "Huh."
Pidge says: "Nanothermite titanium-boron."
Pidge says: "Hey, maybe we can track that!"
Coran says: "Good idea."
Coran says: "While do that, I'm going to check in with Lance and Hunk and see how things went on Planet Puig."
In the next scene, everyone is gathered in the lounge area. Lance and Hunk are the only ones with their Paladin armor on, signifying that they just arrived from Puig.
Hunk says: "They haven't figured out their flatbread situation yet, but what they do with those centipedes is just out of this world."
Lance says: "And they're totally ready to join the fight against the Galra."
Pidge says: "Nice!"
Hunk says: "We brought back a few of their leaders to join the coalition."
Allura says: "That's splendid, excellent work!"
Lance says: "You know, I gotta say, this is what it's all about..."
Lance says: "freein' the people, lovin' the ladies, then bombin' down the road again looking for adventure, Voltron style."
Hunk says: "Which brings up a little issue."
Hunk says: "They all want to see Voltron, only we don't really have Voltron anymore."
Keith says: "We don't have Shiro anymore, either."
Keith says: "Everyone seems to have forgotten that."
Allura says: "It may be difficult for us all to accept, but it is time to think about finding a new pilot for the Black LIon."
All four of the remaining Paladins look the Allura in surprise.
Keith says: "No!"
Keith says: "I'm gonna find him!"
Keith says: "Shiro is the one person who never gave up on me, I won't give up on him."
Keith walks away, and everyone looks down sadly as he does.
Scene Change.
Haggar says: "No one is to be allowed in Emperor Zarkon's chamber."
Druid says: "Vrepit sa."
Throk says: "Excuse me."
Haggar says: "What is it, Commander Throk?"
Throk says: "Would it be possible to speak to Zarkon today?"
Throk says: "Another planet was lost to rebellion and I feel he must be informed."
Haggar says: "Zarkon is fully briefed on all imperial matters."
Haggar says: "He certainly doesn't need your input."
Throk says: "Of course."
Throk says: "It is just that I fear if we do not take decisive action soon, the Empire will crumble completely."
Throk says: "Rebel activity should be crushed with our full might before more planets are inspired to fight against us."
Haggar says: "Lotor has arrived at headquarters at Zarkon's request to take command of the Empire."
Haggar says: "Under Zarkon's guidance, of course."
Throk says: "Lotor?"
Throk says: "Why is he not at his father's bedside?"
Haggar says: "Zarkon needs no one by his bedside, least of all you!"
Haggar walks away from Throk, and the shot pans out. A figure uncloaks from some sort of invisibility or camouflage.
Scene Change.
Back in the castle, where the Paladins plus the two Alteans are sat at a dinner table. Multiple aliens sit across from them, looking at one another.
Allura says: "It is our honor to have you all here together."
Puig Man says: "I had the biggest bunker back on Puig, but it wasn't nearly this nice."
Green Man says: "Well, I spent the last decade sleeping in a spiny thistle thicket."
Green Man says: "You look wonderful though, Princess."
Green Man says: "I'm glad I put on my best tarp."
Allura smiles gratefully. Hunk then walks up behind the visitors, wearing an apron and carrying a small tray.
Hunk says: "Welcome, everyone, welcome!"
Hunk says: "I've prepared a few Earth canapes for our distinguished guests to enjoy while we talk galactic diplomacy."
Kolivan says: "The Blade of Marmora has gathered this intelligence."
Kolivan says: "As you can see, the Galra Empire is still the most massive ruling force the universe has ever seen."
Kolivan says: "The sheer size of it is almost incomprehensible."
Kolivan says: "It seems like it could rule another 10,000 years."
A smaller man tries to eat, but he is frozen in his spot and shaking in fear. Lance and Pidge lean towards one another, each frowning.
Lance says: "Not the way I would have started this pep talk, but okay."
Kolivan says: "however we are beginning to see increase in rebel activity throughout the Empire."
The holographic map lights up with various rebel locations. The representatives are in awe. Allura stands.
Purple Alien says: "the forces will all fight behind Voltron, right?"
Puig Man says: "Yes, where is Voltron?"
Allura says: "."
Allura says: "Th-the people you see before you are in the Paladins of Voltron."
Allura says: "Together, they pilot the mighty lions that form the great warrior."
Puig Man says: "Excellent!"
Puig Man says: "Can they form Voltron now?"
Allura says: "Uh, well..."
Keith says: "We can't form Voltron okay?!"
Keith says: "!"
Keith says: "But nothng."
Keith says: "Shiro is gone."
Keith says: "He was the Black Lion."
Keith says: "And until we find him, there is no voltron."
Kolivan says: "the Lions are still a substanial fighting forces and this castle is also a considerable weapon."
Purple Alien says: "My people have been enslaved for centuries by soldiers who look exactly like you."
Puig Man says: "Yes!"
Puig Man says: "Our people have heard the legend of Voltron, how he defeated Zarkon."
Puig Man says: "That is what gave them hope."
Puig Man says: "What are we suppose to tell them now?"
Keith says: "Tell them to stand up and fight for themselves!"
Keith says: "Voltron is gone!"
Keith storms out. The doors open and shut behind him.
Hunk says: "Pizza roll?"
Hunk says: "Pig in a blanket?"
Scene change.
The Galra arena. The crowd is roaring. A beast in the center of the ring roars and charges his option.
Throk says: "I tried to speak with Lord Zarkon today but the witch stopped me again."
Blue Galra says: "I fear the Emperor's condition may be worst than want she is tellung us."
Throk says: "Agreed."
Throk says: "And now prince lotor is taking over?"
Throk says: "worse than that  his top generals aren't even pure galra."
Throk says: "they are half-breeds at best."
Throk says: "he has no honor."
Throk says: "Some say he allows the planets he conquers to continue to rule themselves."
Throk says: "Can you imagine?"
The slim coliseum fighter dodges another sword strike.
Throk says: "clearly he's a dangerous lunatic."
Throk says: "I've already spoken with the other officer in my sector."
Throk says: "they've all agreed to back me if I fight for the throne."
Throk says: "Normally i would never think of such a thing but..."
Blue General says: "What choice do we have?"
Throk says: "then you'll support me?"
Throk smiles. The blades clang in the background as they turn their attention to the fight.
Blue Galra says: "Who's this little fellow?"
Throk says: "I don't know."
Throk says: "i've never seen him before."
The crowd cheers. The 'little fellow' flips oer the much taller opponent, and lands doging and rolling out of the way of sword-club swings. The beast swings again, notice his opponent's gone and sad opponent appears from the other side disarming him. the warrior falls to the ground. The victor take off his helmet, revealing long platinum blonde hair and a lavender face.
Throk says: "."
Throk says: "Lotor!"
Lotor draws a fallen sword from the ground, pointing upwards.
Lotor says: "Throk!"
Lotor says: "You wish to challenge me?"
Lotor says: "Then come down and claim your crown."
The crowd gasps and whispers. Plenty of people are side-eyeing him now.
Lotor says: "True Galra do not take the throne by stirring up insurrection in darkened chambers They rise through honorable rite of combat."
Lotor says: "Defeat me here and throne is yours."
The galra audience cheers in approval. An audience member reaches for their cloak and takes it off. Four people in the same unique armor as Lotor reveal themselves. A large woman with blue fur and large eyes akin to Sendaks. A woman with red skin. A woman with no eyes or a mouth and a growling cat. A blue skinned woman with blue hair and yellow eyes. Throk is surrounded, He stands.
throk says: "i gladly accept your offer."
throk says: "Now all will see who is the rightful leader."
Throk stepps into the arena.
Throk says: "I have fought thousands of battle and leave many enemies much more fearsome than you wasting on the battlefield."
Throk charges with an aggressive yell and violent swordplay. Lotor parries and dodges calmly and seems unruffled. Lotor parries another stroke, which takes a few locks of hair.
Lotor says: "You have flawless technique."
Lotor says: "that i'll grant you."
Lotor says: "still you must realize at some point that your repetitive attacks are getting you nowhere."
Throk attacks again with an angry igniting another fierce clash of blades. Lotor attacks with an elbow jab knocking the wind from him and slices Throk's sword in two, ending with a rather dramatic finish. Throk tumbles to the ground and Lotor levels his sword at his throat.
Lotor says: "Your tactics are stale."
Lotor withdraws the sword. Throk is surprised.
Lotor says: "My father built our empire on the bones of his enemies."
Lotor says: "But the time has come to change the old ways and inspire not fear from those we rule but loyalty."
Lotor says: "We must not waste our energy fighting to keep our subjects down but rather multiply by allowing the worthy to rise and join our ranks."
Lotor offers a hand to Throk.
Lotor says: "The Universe can no longer doubt our strength."
Lotor says: "each ally gained only makes us stronger."
Lotor says: "While those who continue to stand against us..."
Lotor says: "will be crushed."
Throk takes his hand and Lotor pulls him up.
His generals salute. And slowly the entire arena is standing and saluting. Throk's friend does the same.
Crowd chants says: "Lotor!"
Crowd chants says: "Lotor!"
Crowd chants says: "Lotor!"
Scene Change.
The four generals are waiting in the corridor; the eyeless general is petting her cat. As Lotor approaches, the Four Generals stand at attention, saluting.
Lotor says: "the masses are easily manipulated."
Lotor says: "Have throk transferred out to the Ulippa system immediately."
Scene Change.
Keith, now in civilian clothes, is looking at the black lion which is lying sprawled on its side. The others are standing behind thim and the team slowly looks to the left before Lance steps up.
Lance says: "Hey man..."
Lance says: "listen."
Lance says: "We all miss Shiro."
Lance says: "I remember what a thrill it was just to meet him for the first time when the two of us carried him out of that Garrison hospital."
Pidge says: "I grew up with my dad and Matt telling me stories about him."
Pidge says: "He was a legend at our house."
Hunk says: "The guy taught me everything I know about being a pilot!"
Hunk says: "Which isn't much."
Hunk says: "But that's more on me."
Lance says: "{turned to Keith, eyes searching him]."
Lance says: ""You're not the only one hurting, man."
Lance says: "We're all right there with you."
Lance says: "But you know that he would be the first one to tell us that we have to move on."
Keith says: "looks at him, gaze steely."
Allura says: "Keith, I know exactly how you feel."
Allura says: "But our mission is bigger than any one individual."
Keith says: "I know you're right."
Keith says: "It's time to figure out how to reform Voltron."
Closing shot of the listless Black Lion.
Episode Credits.