Fade in to a close-up of Zarkon's face in profile, lying in a coma at Galra Central Command. Haggar stands over him, watching over him.
Haggar says: "Sire, forgive me for this, but..."
Haggar says: "I know no other way."
Haggar places her fingers on Zarkon's temples, which begin to glow with dark purple magic.
Haggar says: "Your empire needs you."
The camera zooms in on distant memories of his past—Galra ships attacking a planet; a man being supported by a woman, both of unknown species, as they are surrounded by Galra soldiers; quick transitions between the ruins of Daibazaal and the planet when it was still the Galra home; the Voltron lions with five people, including a younger Zarkon and Alfor, standing in front of them; a younger Zarkon at his wedding to an Altean woman; Zarkon standing behind Alfor as they discover the comet that created Voltron; and a last lingering shot of the Altean woman from Zarkon's perspective, smiling and laughing. Haggar looks up and gasps, eyes widening, before she regains her composure and continues.
Cut to the bridge of the Castle of Lions, where the universe map is at full display and Pidge is marking coordinates.
Pidge says: "He fought us here, his generals were here, and he stole the comet here."
Cut to a shot of Lance, Shiro, Keith, Hunk, Coran, and Allura all standing behind Pidge.
Lance says: "So..."
Lance says: "Lotor could be anywhere."
Shiro says: "We'll never be able to find him unless we can figure out his plan."
Shiro says: "We're totally missing the big picture."
Pidge says: "How about this question: why was Voltron made out of the same material as that comet?"
Pidge says: "What's so special about it?"
Medium shot of Allura, Coran, and Hunk.
Allura says: "My father discovered another comet like that before I was born."
Coran says: "Your father..."
Coran says: "and Zarkon."
Hunk says: "This is back when Zarkon was the Black Lion's paladin?"
Coran says: "Before that."
Coran says: "Before Alfor built the Lions."
Close-up of Shiro.
Shiro says: "I know this is painful to talk about, but if we're going to stop Lotor, it's time we heard the rest of the story."
Close-up of Coran.
Montage sequence begins with a quick pan upward to a profile shot of Zarkon, Alfor, the unnamed man and woman from Zarkon's memory, and another man from an unnamed species; Alfor investigating unfamiliar food with two of the unnamed leaders and four-eyed yak-like creatures behind him; close-up of a Galra sentry's helmet, then a quick dolly up to one of the unnamed leaders in the heat of battle with the Galra; Alfor negotiating a peace treaty between Zarkon and the leader who was previously battling his forces while the other two stand with them; dolly down through an image of all five leaders facing down various foes together, with Zarkon as their leader.
Coran says: "In the beginning, the paladins were just five leaders, who, despite coming from cultures which were vastly divergent, and in some cases had been warring for generations, managed to look past their differences in an effort to protect their common interests."
Coran says: "What was initially a formal agreement to work alongside each other soon blossomed into a true friendship."
Coran says: "A warrior's bond was forged, and together they worked to rid their system of those who would do it harm."
Dissolve to a group of masked bandits, two of whom run past one who is firing a blaster. Alfor gives chase, but is too late to follow them as they run into a cave and the door slides shut. The bandits wait, prepared to attack, before pebbles begin to fall from the ceiling. A bandit looks up just as Alfor drops in from above onto his head, having cut a hole through the cave roof. Alfor sweeps his cave aside and readies his sword before looking up, eyes widening as he realizes that he is badly outnumbered.
Alfor says: "Oh, dear."
The bandits charge toward him, many of them dual-wielding daggers. Alfor manages to fend some of them off before being body-checked from the side, his sword flying out of his hand. The bandit who struck him leaps on top of him, and Alfor strains to keep away the blades, which are mere centimeters from his face, before both he and the bandit look up at the sound of someone knocking people aside. Zarkon rushes forward, throwing bandits aside with a club and knocking away the one attacking Alfor in one swipe before uppercutting another. Quick pan to the two unnamed male leaders knocking bandits aside, then pan to the female leader striking three with her staff. Final cut to the last of the bandits hitting the wall and falling to the cave floor, unconscious. Zoom out to a wide shot of the cave floor, where the five leaders stand amidst the defeated bandits.
Zarkon says: "I keep warning you not to break formation and run ahead, Alfor."
Zarkon says: "You are much more knowledgable as an alchemist than a soldier."
Medium shot of Alfor, holding his shoulder and smiling.
Alfor says: "That's what I keep you around for, Zarkon."
Dissolve to a shot of Daibazaal, not broken and decayed but crimson red and thriving. Exterior shot of Zarkon's imperial palace with warships flying overhead. Long shot of Zarkon's banquet table, where the five leaders, Alfor's wife, and Coran are all gathered and being served a meal by Galra waitstaff.
Blaytz says: "Pull up a bench and join the feast!"
Zarkon clears his throat offscreen; Blaytz looks startled and disgruntled. Medium shot of Zarkon, who is handing his goblet to another servant.
Zarkon says: "You know that fraternizing with the servant class is not permitted."
Zarkon says: "It erodes discipline."
Alfor says: "Well, perhaps a little bit of  discipline erosion would do you good, Zarkon."
Medium shot of Zarkon.
Zarkon says: "Something I will consider, the next time you are surrounded by Lambonite scavengers."
Shot of Coran, Alfor, and Alfor's wife.
Alfor says: "I was handling myself."
Gyrgan says: "You mean, wetting yourself?"
Alfor glares at him as Trigel, Blaytz, Gyrgan, and Coran burst out laughing, Blaytz doing a spit take and Coran hitting his head on the back of Alfor's chair. Even Alfor's wife has a laugh at his expense.
Alfor says: "Why I ever joined up with this band of scoundrels, I'll never know."
Cut to Trigel.
Trigel says: "Because we're the only 'band of scoundrels' that would have you."
Trigel says: "To us!"
Suddenly, Trigel and Blaytz look up and gasp as the ground starts to rumble and the sky above them is lit up orange. Cut to close-up of Gyrgan.
Gyrgan says: "By Willow!"
Pan up from the table to the ceiling as the skylight gives them all a view of a comet shooting overhead. Exterior shot of Zarkon's palace and the city beyond as the comet smashes into the ground beyond the mountains, a massive dust cloud and shockwave in its wake.
Coran says: "They could have never known that that very night , the fate of the universe would be changed forever."
Wide shot of the crater, where a black comet with glowing blue cracks, exactly like the one Team Voltron retrieved from the alternate reality, stands upright in the center. Dissolve to a shot of the same crater, where a number of Altean structures have been built. The comet has been removed, and in its place a small glowing gold hole is encased in a purple transparent dome with an observation deck built within it.
Zarkon says: "I've finished evacuating all Galra citizens near the crater."
Zarkon says: "What have you discovered?"
Alfor says: "We're not sure."
Alfor says: "This comet is like none seen before."
Alfor says: "It seems to be made of a material that can pass between realities."
Zarkon says: "What do you mean?"
Close-up of the comet piece.
Alfor says: "Well, I mean that sages have always theorized that there are many realities stacked side-by-side with each other."
Alfor says: ", we found this."
Close-up of Zarkon.
Zarkon says: "This is another reality?"
Woman says: "Do not worry."
Woman says: "He is from our reality."
Cut to a shot of the woman, Zarkon, and Alfor. Zarkon is staring at the woman, dumbstruck.
Alfor says: "Zarkon, this is Honerva."
Alfor says: "She is the best alchemist on Altea."
Alfor says: "I asked her to come to Daibazaal and lead the scientific investigation."
Alfor says: "Her expertise will be invaluable."
Cut to Honerva.
Honerva says: "Isn't it exciting?"
Honerva says: "It could change the way we understand our entire universe!"
Zarkon says: "Well..."
Zarkon says: "find out everything you can."
Zarkon says: "I will provide any support you require."
Zarkon says: "I must go."
Wide shot of Alfor and Honerva as Zarkon walks away quickly. Alfor is smirking.
Honerva says: "He didn't stay long."
Dissolve to Alfor observing a piece of the comet's ore, then to Zarkon watching Honerva at her console.
Coran says: "King Alfor experimented on the comet's ore in his lab on Altea, as Honerva continued her research of the rift on Daibazaal."
Alfor says: "Zarkon, I'd like you to meet Princess Allura."
Cut to an upward shot as baby Allura looks up at Zarkon and his servant, who holds a tray with an ornate box on top.
Zarkon says: "It is my pleasure."
Zarkon says: "Please accept this gift in honor of your birth, princess."
Close-up of the box as Alfor's wife opens it, revealing a Galran battle helmet. Close-up of baby Allura as her mother gently places it on her head; it is huge on her, but she is awed by it and lets out a tiny gasp of wonder. Back shot of Zarkon and his servant as Alfor looks up and smiles while his wife holds out a finger for Allura to investigate delightedly.
Alfor says: "Honerva has really softened you up, my friend."
Alfor says: "I never thought I'd see the day the great warrior emperor Zarkon was married."
Alfor says: "And to an Altean alchemist, no less."
Dissolve to a wide shot of the observation deck as Alfor and Zarkon visit Honerva, who is hard at work.
Alfor says: "Honerva, working hard as always."
Alfor says: "Many thanks for the gift."
Alfor says: "Allura loves it."
Medium shot of Honerva, who is now clothed with Galran colors bearing the seal of the empire. She does not look up from her console.
Honerva says: "It was a customary gesture."
Alfor says: "O-of course."
Alfor says: "How is our quintessence experiment?"
Honerva says: "Still running."
Overhead shot of Zarkon, Alfor, and Honerva, with a device to Honerva's right that is running at full power.
Alfor says: "Running for a full year on one drop of quintessence with no decline in revolutions per dobosh."
Alfor says: "No other energy source like this exists!"
Alfor says: "The ships I'm creating for us work on the same principle, and the ore from the comet practically engineers itself."
Alfor says: "It's..."
Alfor says: "frightening, in a way."
Zarkon says: "Endlessly powerful ships for the Galra empire!"
Alfor says: "And an endless source of clean energy for the entire system."
Zarkon says: "..."
Zarkon says: "Of course."
A strange purple and red creature shoots around the tube into the frame, catching Alfor's attention. Pan over to show the full jar, with a strange amoeba-like creature floating inside of it. Downward shot of Zarkon, Alfor, and Honerva with the tube in the foreground, floating and zipping around the tube.
Alfor says: "What is that?"
Honerva says: "I sent some signals into the neighboring reality and this creature answered the call."
Honerva says: "Nothing from our universe has been able to survive the passage through the rift, but somehow, he arrived unharmed."
Honerva places her hand on the glass. Downward shot of Zarkon, Alfor, and Honerva.
Alfor says: "What?"
Alfor says: "I thought we discussed this; we must exercise caution."
Alfor says: "We have no idea what is out there."
Honerva says: "The ancients thought that lightning was shot from the bows of the gods until science proved otherwise."
Honerva says: "We must always push into dangerous territory in pursuit of knowledge."
Close-up on the rift creature, which suddenly bursts in size and lets out loud, angry screeches. Cut to the rift, which begins to glow purple until something crimson and purple like the creature shoots out of it, flooding the ground. Wide shot of the observation deck as red geysers burst through the observation deck and Alfor, Honerva, and Zarkon flee and the screen fades to black.
Fade in to a shot of the purple dome, where the rift creature, now in a massive water-like formation, ebbs and flows around the dome. Galra soldiers and warships keep watch around it.
Coran says: "King Alfor and Honerva erected a particle barrier around the crater containing the creatures, but it wouldn't hold forever."
Pan up from a shot of Galra sentries preparing to fire to Zarkon and Honerva watching above the crater. Closer shot of Zarkon and Honerva.
Honerva says: "The barrier is weakening."
Honerva says: "We don't have long."
Zarkon says: "Once those creatures escape, my forces will quickly be overrun."
Zarkon says: "My planet..."
Zarkon says: "my people..."
Back shot of Zarkon and Honerva with the dome in full view.
Honerva says: "Alfor's project will save us."
Zarkon says: "Let us hope."
Cut to a downward shot of an Altean elevator shaft as an elevator shoots downward. Shot inside the elevator as Alfor, Zarkon, Gyrgan ,Blaytz, and Trigel wait.
Zarkon says: "I trust this plan of yours will work, Alfor."
Suddenly a bright white flashes off the glass of the elevator, drawing all the leaders' attention. They turn to see a large, lion-like head. Shot from outside the elevator as Trigel, Blaytz, Zarkon, and Gyrgan gaze in awe, and Alfor smiles with pride.
Gyrgan says: "By Willow!"
Slow dollying shot of green and yellow metal lions and another of three more, blue, red, and black. Zoom out from a full shot of the front of the black lion's face, then zoom out again to see a full shot of five giant robotic lions. Pan over the five leaders, who are facing these magnificent creations.
Trigel says: "Incredible!"
Zarkon says: "Alfor, they're amazing."
Zarkon says: "How do they work?"
Alfor says: "I made them from the quintessence-infused ore of the comet, which provides them with an endless supply of power."
Zarkon says: "Remarkable!"
Shot of the blue, red, and black lions, with the yellow lion's face close in frame and the green lion just visible behind it.
Alfor says: "The comet alloy also renders them nearly indestructible."
Blaytz says: "What sort of weaponry do they have?"
Pan over the leaders.
Alfor says: "This is where things become more..."
Alfor says: "interesting."
Alfor says: "Altean alchemy can accomplish some incredible feats of engineering, as you know  They seem to be evolving."
Alfor says: "We don't yet know what powers these ships possess, but we may gain understanding with time."
Zarkon says: "Time?"
Zarkon says: "Without these ships, all hope is lost!"
Alfor says: "I understand."
Dissolve to the outside of Alfor's castle, where all five Lions rocket their way around its bridges and towers before launching into the atmosphere, the Blue Lion slowing down to savor the moment before shooting upward to join the rest. Inter-frame close-up Blaytz, whooping in delight. Shot of the outskirts of the rings of planet Altea, where the Lions are just barely visible as the camera tracks them upward. Closer profile shot of the Lions.
Alfor says: "Now go easy at the beginning."
Alfor says: "This is greater energy than you have ever worked with before."
The Black Lion flies into frame on Alfor's right.
Zarkon says: "Perhaps you should lead the formation, Alfor."
Zarkon says: "You have a greater understanding of the vessels than anyone."
Interframe close-up of Alfor.
Alfor says: "I'm a better alchemist than military leader, Zarkon."
Alfor says: "I'll stick with being your right hand."
Zarkon says: "Very well, then."
Zarkon says: "On my mark, paladins!"
Zarkon says: "Right flank, Alfor and Blaytz!"
Zarkon says: "Left flank, Trigel and Gyrgan!"
Back shot of the Lions as they shoot forward and begin to fly upward in formation. Cut to the inside of the containment dome on Daibazaal, where the rift creatures are growing stronger and more intense. As one, they rocket upward and smash their way through the barrier, becoming one to form a quadrupedal monster with a gold symbol at the head. The Galra sentries fire, but the creature fires a laser from the gold mark, destroying them. The resulting explosion can be seen over the mountains; medium shot of Honerva watching from Zarkon's palace. Suddenly the Black Lion soars above her; interframe close-up of her astonished expression. The Black Lion flies close to the ground with the others.
Zarkon says: "Paladins!"
Zarkon says: "I'll fly ahead and divert its attention!"
Zarkon says: "The rest of you, attack from all sides!"
The Black Lion fires its laser through a column of smoke and flies straight through the creature.
Zarkon says: "Fire!"
Zarkon says: "Keep firing!"
Blue fires at the monster and shoots across its back; several rift creatures break off and pursue him. He evades them for a moment, but they eventually trap the whole Lion. Cut to the Blue Lion's cockpit.
Blaytz says: "These blasted things are covering me!"
Close-up of Alfor as he watches the creatures begin to pull the Blue Lion to the ground.
Alfor says: "Blaytz!"
Alfor fires the Red Lion's mouth cannon, which disperses the creatures as the monster fires its laser again. The Blue Lion is freed and flies up to join Alfor.
Blaytz says: "Th..."
Blaytz says: "thanks, Alfor!"
Alfor says: "Anytime!"
The Yellow Lion suddenly cuts in between them as Gyrgan charges downward, screaming. He begins to spin the Yellow Lion like a drill toward the monster.
Gyrgan says: "Spinning head smash!"
The monster opens a hole in its back; Gyrgan panics, but it's too late; Yellow collides with the ground. Fortunately, Yellow drills through and flies out of the ground a few yards away and joins Black and Red in the sky. Inter-frame close-ups of Gyrgan and Zarkon.
Gyrgan says: "I can't hit it!"
Zarkon says: "Fall back, paladins!"
Zarkon says: "We must regroup!"
Shot of the Red Lion's cockpit as Alfor closes his eyes and the interior begins to glow.
Alfor says: "Wait!"
Alfor says: "We must come together in formation!"
Interframe close-up of Trigel.
Trigel says: "What?"
Trigel says: "Why?"
Alfor says: "I don't know, but somehow I can feel it."
The Lions come together in formation and begin to fly upward together. Their rocket exhausts begins to glow yellow, green, purple, red, and blue. Formation split-screen close-ups of all five paladins.
Gyrgan says: "Hey, I feel it!"
Trigel says: "I do, too!"
Trigel says: "What's happening?"
Shot of the Lions themselves beginning to glow. Close-up of Alfor, who hears the roar of a Lion as the glowing eyes of a face shine behind him in his mind, as he sees a vision of the Lions flying toward a massive humanoid figure comprised of all five.
Alfor says: "Voltron!"
Voltron's face shines and the frame fades to white. Cut to Galra sentries, who look up at the sound of something smashing against the ground. They and the monster look up to see a brilliant blue light in the sky. Formation split-screen of the paladins, who are all shouting in determination, then zoom out as Voltron flies implacably downward and its right arm punches the rift monster downward. The creatures disperse and a shockwave sends dust and earth out over the ground. The dust parts to reveal Voltron standing tall. Inter-frame close-up of Blaytz.
Blaytz says: "I can't believe we did it!"
Inter-frame close up of Trigel.
Trigel says: "How did this come about?"
Inter-frame close-up of Gyrgan, eyes shining with joy.
Gyrgan says: "Am I a leg?"
Inter-frame close-up of Zarkon.
Zarkon says: "This power..."
Zarkon says: "it's unbelievable!"
Inter-frame close-up of Alfor.
Alfor says: "This..."
Alfor says: "is Voltron."
Close-up of Voltron, which turns as the ground begins to rumble and the rift creatures launch out of it, the monster re-formed. It fires its laser at Voltron's left side; Trigel gasps and braces for impact before looking up and realizing that Voltron has formed a shield.
Trigel says: "A shield!"
Zarkon says: "Well done, Trigel!"
The monster fires two more lasers, and Voltron is overwhelmed by the force and thrown backward. The creatures swoop in and form a whirling dome around Voltron. Shot of the inside of the Black Lion's cockpit.
Zarkon says: "It's trying to rip into us!"
Split-screen of Blue's cockpit.
Blaytz says: "We have to get it off!"
Shot of Red's cockpit, where Alfor is alerted to a port on the right side of his console.
Alfor says: "I know what to do!"
Alfor summons the red bayard, plunges it into the port, and twists it. The Red and Green Lion's jaws meet and then slide apart to form a sword, which slices its way around the rift creatures. The monster takes one final humanoid form, full of glowing blue cuts, before exploding. Formation split-screen as the Paladins gaze in awe. Dolly up as Voltron lands, its left eye shining. Dissolve to a downward shot of the destroyed observation deck overlooking the rift, where Zarkon, Alfor, and Honerva are standing.
Alfor says: "We must find a way to seal up this rift."
Medium shot of Alfor, Honerva, and Zarkon.
Honerva says: "Seal the rift?"
Honerva says: "Why?!"
Honerva says: "!"
Shot of Alfor over Honerva's shoulder.
Alfor says: "It nearly destroyed Daibazaal!"
Back shot of Zarkon's head and shoulders with Alfor on his left and Honerva on his right.
Honerva says: "Those creatures nearly destroyed Daibazaal and you found a way to defeat them!"
Alfor says: "Zarkon, surely you agree with me."
Alfor says: "It must be closed!"
Shot of Zarkon and Honerva over Alfor's shoulder.
Zarkon says: "Perhaps not."
Zarkon says: "Look at what we've gained, Alfor."
Zarkon says: "Your ships are the most powerful machines ever created."
Zarkon says: "Who knows what else may be discovered if we continue working?"
Wide shot of Alfor, Zarkon, and Honerva with the rift in the foreground.
Alfor says: "You would risk your entire planet, the entire solar system, for what?"
Alfor says: "For more power?"
Zarkon says: "You know it's more than that."
Close-up of Alfor.
Alfor says: "We already have Voltron!"
Alfor says: "You have to know when it's enough!"
Quick pan over to a close-up of Zarkon, Honerva at his side.
Zarkon says: "I'll decide what's enough on my planet!"
Zarkon says: "I'm sorry, Alfor."
Zarkon says: "The work will continue."
Dissolve to a rebuilt observation deck, Honerva and a Galra sentry at a console. Montage of the paladins running through the corridors of an Altean ship; the lions flying over the mountains of a planet; Galra warships flying through space; and an upward shot of Voltron standing in the center of a crowd of cheering people.
Coran says: "Honerva continued her experiments on the rift."
Coran says: "Despite their differences, Zarkon and Alfor, along with the other paladins, established a new era of peace and prosperity."
Coran says: "It was an age of exploration, and Voltron became known as the Defender of the Universe, establishing the legend that would live on to this day."
Dissolve to a shot of Daibazaal, the surface of which is a rich red, then dissolve again to show it a dull greenish-yellow. The Red Lion flies toward it.
Alfor says: "I heard there were three more earthquakes this movement."
Dissolve to a shot of Alfor and Zarkon with the Red Lion behind them. Alfor has aged visibly, with a fuller beard and his hair down.
Zarkon says: "Don't worry."
Zarkon says: "I'm installing stabilizers to strengthen the planet's cohesion."
Alfor says: "Zarkon, my scientists have scanned Daibazaal."
Alfor says: "It is fracturing."
Alfor says: "Soon, the structural integrity will—"
Zarkon says: "I can't stop Honerva's work now!"
Zarkon says: "She's discovering more every day!"
Dissolve to the observation deck, where Honerva stands alone at her console overlooking the rift.
Zarkon says: "Her team has developed a space cruiser five times the size of our current largest ship."
Zarkon says: "But that's nothing."
Alfor says: "Hello, Honerva."
Alfor says: "It's been decaphoebs."
Back shot of Honerva, hair now hanging down, not looking up from her console.
Honerva says: "I hope you haven't come to try to shut down my work."
Honerva says: "There is more hidden knowledge and power in this tiny fissure than you can possibly understand."
Shot of Zarkon and Alfor, the console and Honerva's shoulder in the extreme foreground.
Alfor says: "I'm only worried about the stability of—"
Alfor says: "Is that Kova?"
Alfor says: "How old is he?"
Overhead shot of Kova with Honerva's back and right arm in frame. As Honerva speaks, he leaps to the other side of the console.
Honerva says: "28 decaphoebs old."
Honerva says: "Shortly after the creatures attacked, he fell ill."
Honerva says: "But then I began treating him with quintessence."
Alfor says: "No..."
Alfor says: "!"
Shot of Cova, who arches his back and hisses at Alfor.
Honerva says: "He revealed the truth to us."
Honerva says: "Quintessence is so much more than you can understand."
Honerva says: "It is life itself."
Alfor says: "You've gone too far!"
Honerva whips around and the camera cuts to a close-up of her face. She is hunched over, hair now hanging lank and bedraggled in her face. Her eyes and cheeks are hollowed and sunken, her nose is hooked, and her marks run unnaturally down her face.
Honerva says: "You've always been a coward!"
Close-up of Alfor.
Alfor says: "Honerva, you..."
Alfor says: "!"
Close-up of Honerva.
Honerva says: "You wish to close off our gateway to enlightenment; we should be expanding it!"
Dolly up as Zarkon walks into frame to stand behind Honerva.
Zarkon says: "If we use Voltron, we can enlarge the opening to the other reality!"
Close-up of Alfor.
Alfor says: "It's madness."
Alfor says: "This prolonged exposure to quintessence has poisoned your minds!"
Zarkon says: "We've only scratched the surface!"
Zarkon says: "We can rule this entire universe!"
Zarkon says: "We can live forever!"
Zarkon says: "All of us!"
Alfor says: "I cannot be a part of this."
Wide shot of the opening to the rift as Alfor walks away from Zarkon and Honerva.
Zarkon says: "You are only one part of Voltron, Alfor!"
Zarkon says: "You cannot hold us all back because of your fear!"
Zarkon says: "I command you!"
Zarkon says: "ALFOR!"
Honerva lets out a groan before she suddenly collapses. Zarkon whips around in alarm.
Zarkon says: "Honerva?"
Zarkon says: "Honerva!"
Exterior shot of Zarkon's palace, now standing against gray and decaying rock and sky. Cut to Honerva's hand, clawed and wrinkled, clutching at her blanket and shivering.
Honerva says: "We mu—"
Honerva says: "we must—"
Honerva says: "we must have i—"
Honerva says: "we must have it—"
Honerva says: "get back—"
Honerva says: "get ba—"
Honerva says: "get ba—"
Zarkon says: "What is it, my love?"
Honerva says: "Get back—"
Honerva says: "Into th—"
Honerva says: "into the rift!"
Profile shot of her face, which Zarkon turns to look at him.
Zarkon says: "How?"
Close up of Honerva's face, looking even more hollowed and skull-like. Her eyes begin to roll back into her head.
Honerva says: "We mu—"
Honerva says: "we must—"
Honerva says: "we must ha—"
Honerva says: "Voltro—"
Honerva says: "Voltron!"
Honerva says: "Voltron!"
Honerva says: "Voltron!"
Honerva says: "Voltron!"
Honerva says: "Voltron!"
Honerva says: "It is the only way!"
Dissolve to the Castle of Lions.
Zarkon says: "Alfor tried to warn me, but I would not listen."
Zarkon says: "We must close the rift, and I need Voltron to do it."
Blaytz, Gyrgan, and Trigel exchange looks, Gyrgan nods, then they turn to face Zarkon.
Trigel says: "We will help you."
Upward shot of Zarkon with Alfor's left arm in the foreground.
Zarkon says: "I only hope it is not too late to heal the rift and my planet—"
Zarkon says: "and our friendship."
Reverse shot of Alfor, who looks down at the proffered arm. Close-up of Alfor grabbing Zarkon's forearm.
Coran says: "Alfor's compassion for his old comrade blinded him to Zarkon's true plans."
Dissolve to the observation building above the rift as Voltron lands next to it. Voltron picks up the entire building and rips it off of the rift, sending it flying. Overhead shot of Voltron looking down into the rift.
Zarkon says: "Honerva told me the only way to close the rift was to use the power of the quintessence."
Zarkon says: "We must make the opening bigger first to gather the power."
Inter-frame close-up of Gyrgan, then Alfor.
Gyrgan says: "How do we do that?"
Alfor says: "We use the sword!"
Close-up of Zarkon.
Zarkon says: "Form sword!"
Alfor plunges his bayard into the Red Lion's port and twists it. The Red and Green Lions come together and slide apart to form the sword, which Voltron plunges into the rift. The crater begins to fill with a blue glowing light. Split-screen of all five paladins straining with the effort.
Gyrgan says: "It's..."
Gyrgan says: "too..."
Gyrgan says: "much!"
Alfor says: "Stay..."
Alfor says: "focused!"
Suddenly the screen floods with white light, and Voltron tumbles into view, floating in the quintessence field. Close-ups of Alfor, Gyrgan, Trigel, and Blaytz, groaning as they come to.
Blaytz says: "Where are we?"
Profile close-up of Alfor.
Alfor says: "We've entered the rift."
Alfor says: "No!"
Alfor says: "Zarkon!"
Alfor says: "What are you doing?!"
Alfor says: "!"
Medium shot of Zarkon, carrying Honerva bridal style and lifting her up to be fully exposed to the rift. Back shot of Alfor looking at his instrument panel.
Alfor says: "We have to get them out of here!"
Split screen to show Blaytz.
Blaytz says: "We must hurry."
Blaytz says: "The creatures have returned!"
Full shot of Zarkon and Honerva, who are quickly enveloped by the creatures. Back shot of Trigel in Green's cockpit as the creatures collide with her windows.
Trigel says: "They're everywhere!"
Close-up of Honerva surrounded by the rift creatures, hair flying and teeth clenched, crying out as she is overwhelmed. Close-up of Zarkon, whose eyes glow purple as he lets out a scream. Close-up of Alfor.
Alfor says: "Fire all lasers!"
Full shot of the creatures whirling around Voltron, which begins firing its lasers in every direction, eventually dispelling the creatures. Close-up of Trigel.
Alfor says: "Trigel, grab them!"
Alfor says: "Gyrgan!"
Alfor says: "Blaytz!"
Alfor says: "Fire your thrusters, we must leave!"
Upward shot of Voltron as the Blue and Yellow Lion's thrusters fire and lift Voltron up and out of the rift. Montage of Voltron kneeling outside the rift; Alfor, Trigel, Gyrgan, and Blaytz grieving over Zarkon and Honerva, whose hands are the only parts of them in frame; a wide shot of the now-enlarged rift and Voltron kneeling beside it; a shot of Daibazaal covered in glowing gold fissures as Galra cruisers evacuate the planet; the Red, Green, Yellow, and Blue Lions surrounding the planet, the center of which explodes, leaving behind only a fraction of what the planet used to be; a pan down of the entry to the Castle of Lions as people enter to pay their respects to Zarkon and Honerva; Zarkon and Honerva's funeral chamber aboard Zarkon's ship.
Coran says: "Zarkon's attempt to save Honerva was in vain."
Coran says: "They both succumbed to overexposure of quintessence."
Coran says: "The Paladins had been deceived by Zarkon."
Coran says: "They had unwittingly enlarged the rift, which further destabilized planet Daibazaal."
Coran says: "King Alfor was forced to evacuate the planet."
Coran says: "He then closed the rift the only way he knew how—"
Coran says: "by destroying the Galran homeworld."
Coran says: "King Alfor held a state funeral for Zarkon and Honerva in his royal hall."
Coran says: "But what happened next, he could never have guessed."
Close-up of Zarkon as he sits up, the shroud falling from his face. He breathes out slowly, his voice sounding much deeper and more menacing. His eyes now glow purple and he turns to see Honerva's empty stretcher. Pan down from a full shot of Zarkon to the hooded figure crouched on the floor and shivering. Close-up of Honerva, her face purple and her marks running down over her mouth, her cloak over her head, fully transformed into the witch Haggar. Medium shot of a Galra soldier as the doors slide open behind him; he turns, startled, as the camera zooms out and Zarkon looms over him.
Zarkon says: "Where am I?"
Galra Soldier says: "Aboard your ship, sir."
Profile close-up of Zarkon.
Zarkon says: "Take us home."
Medium shot of the soldier.
Galra soldier says: "I-I..."
Galra soldier says: "can't, sir."
Galra soldier says: "Daibazaal..."
Montage as Zarkon makes an announcement to the Galra. Wide shot of a room on board a Galra ship as the soldiers turn to look at him, stunned; a crowd of what appears to be Galrans and Alteans watching  in horror; Upward shot of Trigel's people looking up at screens broadcasting the announcement in a city; and Zarkon, Gyrgan, Blaytz, and Trigel staring up, shocked and horrified, at a screen in the dining room.
Zarkon says: "My fellow Galra, King Alfor of Altea has destroyed our planet."
Zarkon says: "He must pay dearly for his crimes."
Zarkon says: "Rise up and join your emperor!"
Zarkon says: "Revenge will be ours!"
Montage of Zarkon seated on his throne, Haggar at his left side; Zarkon and Haggar looking up at a screen showing an image of Voltron and its data; Galra cruisers attacking a planet; Blaytz and Trigel watching Galra cruisers flying overhead as the world around them is lit aflame and a pan upward showing the multitudes of warships; a dissolve to a shot of space as pueple, green, blue, red, and yellow streaks of light indicate the five lions being sent away; a wide shot of Zarkon and Alfor on a bridge on Altea, Zarkon having struck the killing blow and Alfor collapsing; and the Castle of Lions flying through space as Altea explodes.
Coran says: "Zarkon had become pure evil, obsessed only with quintessence."
Coran says: "In order to open a new rift between the realities, he needed Voltron."
Coran says: "And so the war began."
Coran says: "The Galra immediately responded to their leader and attacked."
Coran says: "The peaceful planets of our system were not prepared."
Coran says: "Soon they had all fallen except for Altea."
Coran says: "In a final attempt to keep Voltron from Zarkon's hands, the Lions were sent to the far corners of the universe."
Coran says: "Zarkon flew into a rage."
Coran says: "He killed King Alfor, then avenged the loss of Daibazaal with the destruction of Altea."
Cut to the present in a shot of Keith, Lance, Shiro, Pidge, Allura, and Hunk over Coran's shoulder.
Pidge says: "So that's Lotor's plan—"
Pidge says: "to cross into other universes and get the purest quintessence possible!"
Keith says: "No matter what , we have to stop him."
Cut to an over-the-shoulder shot of the room where Haggar is tending to Zarkon. A small shockwave fills the room and Haggar is thrown backward, panting. Close-up of Haggar.
Haggar says: "Husband..."
Haggar says: "how could I have forgotten?"
Haggar says: "You brought me back to life long ago."
Haggar says: "Now..."
Haggar says: "come back for me."
Extreme close-up and zoom in on Zarkon's face as his eyes open, purple, glowing, and very much alive.