HUNK says: ""What?"
HUNK says: "What'd I miss?"
LANCE says: ""Oh, nothing important."
LANCE says: "We've just figured out a way to defeat Zarkon."
HUNK says: ""Really?"
HUNK says: "I dozed for ten minutes, and you guys figured out how to defeat the forces of evil?"
PIDGE says: ""You've been asleep for three hours."
Hunk sweats, then looks over at a projection of Zarkon's command ship with wide eyes. Transition to Shiro and Kolivan.
SHIRO says: ""I think we've got something here."
SHIRO says: "It's dangerous and there are a lot of moving parts, but if we can coordinate everything just right, then—"
KOLIVAN says: ""Zarkon's reign will be at an end, and the savagery that's poisoned our universe can finally be cleansed."
KOLIVAN says: "You've done it, Shiro."
SHIRO says: ""We did it together."
Shiro and Kolivan clasp each other's arms.
ALLURA says: ""As long as we all stick to the plan, it should work."
KOLIVAN says: ""It will work."
KOLIVAN says: "Perhaps, then, you'll learn that not all Galra are as bad as Zarkon."
Allura looks over at Keith, who is silently staring at the base of the projector.
ALLURA says: ""I hope not."
ANTOK says: ""Ulaz was right to trust you all."
SHIRO says: ""He sacrificed everything to bring us together."
SHIRO says: "Let's honor him by taking down Zarkon."
HUNK says: ""So, what's the plan?"
Lance runs to the center of the group, accompanied by fanfare. He begins to explain the plan, using exaggerated movements and acting out various parts.
LANCE says: ""The plan is amazing!"
LANCE says: "First, we infect Zarkon's ship with a virus."
LANCE says: "Then, we make an extra-large wormhole and lure Zarkon inside of it, zapping him a bajillion light-years away."
LANCE says: "Then, when he pops out on the other side, all like,  That's what you say, Shiro."
LANCE says: "Yeah, yeah."
LANCE says: "Yeah!"
LANCE says: "We won for all time!"
HUNK says: ""Wow."
HUNK says: "So, this is it."
PIDGE says: ""I guess the only question is, when do we strike?"
Coran pulls up an interface and presses a few buttons, causing the projector to show the inner workings of a teludav.
CORAN says: ""As soon as we build a teludav big enough to wormhole Zarkon's ship."
HUNK says: ""Oh, man."
HUNK says: "The teludav again?"
HUNK says: "Does that mean we need more scaultrite?"
ALLURA says: ""That's just one of the many things we'll need."
HUNK says: ""Am I, uh..."
HUNK says: "Am I sensing a trip back to the space mall here?"
CORAN says: ""I'm afraid not."
CORAN says: "This is gonna take a lot more scaultrite than we can find at any Unilu shop."
CORAN says: "For this plan to succeed, we're gonna need to split up."
Transition to the Yellow Lion's hangar, where the team is beginning to split up. While Coran continues speaking, Keith and Shiro clasp hands and embrace each other in a hug. Hunk and Pidge shake both arms rapidly, both crying.
CORAN says: ""We all have a task to do."
CORAN says: "Keith, Hunk, you'll be in charge of getting the scaultrite."
CORAN says: "If any one of us fails, the entire plan fails."
Shiro and Keith separate, and Keith catches Allura's gaze. Allura quickly looks away, her expression changing to one of contempt.
Transition to a shot of Keith and Hunk heading into the Yellow Lion. Hunk looks back at the others with a nervous smile on his face, while Keith stares at the ground as if ashamed. Behind them, Pidge can be seen waving, and the others see them off with fond smiles.
The Yellow Lion leaves the Castle, entering a wormhole.
Back inside the Yellow Lion's hangar, Pidge is seen petting Platt while they squeak.
Coran picks up Platt, carrying them towards Lance and making Lance kiss the mouse. Lance hums, then opens his eyes and lets out a muffled scream. Platt smiles.
Transition to a shot of the Blue Lion's ramp. Pidge is in front, waving with a grin on her face. Lance stands slightly behind and to the right of her, looking distressed while he wipes his sleeve over his mouth. Shiro stands in the back, between Pidge and Lance, smiling fondly.
The Blue Lion leaves the Castle, entering a wormhole.
Transition to one of the general hangars, where Coran and Allura stand outside of a pod.
CORAN says: ""Don't worry, we'll see each other soon."
Allura pulls Coran into a hug.
ALLURA says: ""Take care, Coran."
They separate, but Coran keeps his hands on Allura's shoulders.
CORAN says: ""Stay safe, Princess."
Coran enters the pod, the top closing over him. The pod leaves the Castle, entering a wormhole.
On the bridge, Allura places her hands on the control pedestals in the center and pulls up an image of the Balmera on screen.
Transition to Zarkon's Central Command, several battleships can be seen in the background advancing on a planet. Inside, the Druids attempt to once again infuse Zarkon with quintessence. One Druid collapses from exhaustion and the connection breaks, causing Zarkon to fall to his knees with a grunt.
HAGGAR says: ""Did you sense the lion?"
ZARKON says: ""Nothing."
HAGGAR says: ""It is wise that you rest."
ZARKON says: ""I will find that lion."
ZARKON says: "Begin the process again."
The Druids prepare to begin the infusion again.
Transition to the Yellow Lion.
HUNK says: ""Why does Allura get to take a leisurely visit to the Balmera while we have to fly into the belly of a giant space worm to get scaultrite?"
KEITH says: ""You heard Coran."
KEITH says: "Building a huge teludav isn't easy."
KEITH says: "Everyone has a job to do and this is ours."
HUNK says: ""But I always get the worst jobs."
HUNK says: "Go to a Galra-occupied planet to get my lion."
HUNK says: "Go to a Galra-occupied Balmera to get a crystal."
HUNK says: "Go into a belly of a beast with the only Galra alien team member."
KEITH says: ""I'm not an alien."
HUNK says: ""Well, you're kind of an alien."
HUNK says: "You're way more alien than me."
HUNK says: "You're at least some alien."
HUNK says: "I'm-I'm none alien."
KEITH says: ""Let's just concentrate on the job here."
HUNK says: ""Yeah."
HUNK says: "Was-Was your mom the alien?"
HUNK says: "Your grandpa?"
HUNK says: "How Galra are you?"
KEITH says: ""I don't know."
HUNK says: ""Did the Blade of Marmora, like, teach you the secret handshake, or something?"
KEITH says: ""No."
KEITH says: "No one said anything."
HUNK says: ""The Blade of Marmora..."
HUNK says: "they're real tight-lipped, aren't they?"
HUNK says: "I get that your society is secret, but is everything a secret?"
KEITH says: ""Okay, look, it's bad enough that Allura hates me now."
KEITH says: "Can you just lay off?"
HUNK says: ""Allura doesn't hate you."
HUNK says: "You just need to give her time to accept the fact that you're Galra, the race that destroyed her entire planet and all of her people."
HUNK says: ""  "Yeah, she might hate you a little bit."
KEITH says: ""Let's just watch the video Coran uploaded and stay on task."
KEITH says: "We need to find out how to collect this stuff."
Hunk taps a button on his console, which transforms into a video screen. It glitches at first before settling onto the image of a younger-looking Coran in the Castle of Lions, cheerful music playing in the background.
CORAN says: ""Hello, brave Altean."
HUNK says: ""No way."
HUNK says: ""  "Is that Coran?"
CORAN says: ""So, you're about to go into the belly of a weblum to harvest scaultrite."
CORAN says: "Good for you!"
HUNK says: ""Uh..."
CORAN says: ""—"
CORAN says: "anti-fungal klanmüirl lotion and other such lubricants."
KEITH says: ""What's wrong with the video?"
HUNK says: ""It's ten thousand years old."
HUNK says: "It's probably corroded."
Hunk taps a few buttons on his console, and the static fades.
CORAN says: ""I could go on for days."
CORAN says: "But you've got a weblum to enter and some scaultrite to collect."
CORAN says: "Oh, look!"
CORAN says: "There's a weblum now."
CORAN says: "Hello, big fella!"
A cartoon weblum enters the frame.
Cartoon Weblum says: ""Hey, Coran!"
Cartoon Weblum says: "I'm off to eat some planets."
Cartoon Weblum says: "There's one now!"
Cartoon Weblum says: "Nyum, nyum, nyum, nyum, nyum!"
The cartoon weblum exits.
CORAN says: ""We'll see you soon!"
CORAN says: "As you probably remember from school, the weblum is an enormous creature and an integral part of keeping our universe functioning."
CORAN says: "It survives off of the—"
Keith and Hunk share a nervous glance, both whimpering.
CORAN says: ""Of course, these are no gentle giants."
CORAN says: "They're actually giants that are quite deadly, which leads to  You got that?"
HUNK says: ""No."
HUNK says: "No, I didn't."
CORAN says: ""It's like a rhyme."
CORAN says: "Say it with me."
HUNK says: ""Oh, come on!"
CORAN says: ""Other things to remember include avoiding the poisonous—"
CORAN says: "—"
CORAN says: "could lead to certain death!"
HUNK says: ""Whoa."
HUNK says: "What are those?"
Outside of the Yellow Lion, a debris field is visible.
KEITH says: ""They look like..."
KEITH says: "dead planets."
HUNK says: ""That's strange."
HUNK says: "The charts I'm looking at show these planets should still be thriving."
HUNK says: "Wow."
HUNK says: "What do you think happened to them?"
HUNK says: "Asteroid strike?"
KEITH says: ""Something tells me they died an unnatural death."
A large creature floats into view.
HUNK says: ""Look!"
KEITH says: ""Guess that ancient Altean weblum tracker put us right on the money."
HUNK says: ""We gotta get out of here!"
HUNK says: "We haven't watched the entire video yet!"
HUNK says: "We don't know what to do!"
KEITH says: ""We're not leaving."
KEITH says: "You fly, keep our distance."
KEITH says: "I'll skim through the video."
CORAN says: ""So, you've made it into the weblum's first stomach!"
HUNK says: ""Rewind!"
KEITH says: ""I know!"
CORAN says: ""So, you've identified a weblum."
CORAN says: "Great!"
CORAN says: "Now, remember rule number one."
CORAN says: "Stay away from its face."
HUNK says: ""Wait, that's rule number one?"
HUNK says: "We broke rule number one!"
HUNK says: ""  "Oh, no!"
HUNK says: "What's it doing?"
KEITH says: ""Get us out of the way, now!"
The weblum fires a large beam of energy, which the Yellow Lion manages to dodge. Hunk grunts as the beam begins to follow them, trying to stay out of its range of fire. The weblum fires off another beam, this one closer to hitting the Yellow Lion.
CORAN says: ""The weblum's natural defense—"
CORAN says: "to find its blind spot on the back of its neck, just below the gills."
Cartoon Weblum says: ""That's your way inside!"
Cartoon Weblum says: "If I can't see ya, I can't kill ya!"
The Yellow Lion beeps rapidly. Hunk grunts, pulling the control levers and changing their course to head to the back of the weblum's neck. The Yellow Lion descends to land, but begins to bounce back and forth between the spikes on the weblum's back.
HUNK says: ""This isn't good."
HUNK says: "This isn't good!"
The Yellow Lion crashes into one of the spikes and hits the weblum hard. Keith and Hunk groan, but Yellow manages to right itself on its feet while skidding backwards. Hunk uses the Yellow Lion's upgraded claws and armor to secure their position on the weblum's back.
HUNK says: ""We're attached to its back, in its blind spot."
KEITH says: ""Good."
KEITH says: "We're going in."
HUNK says: ""Wait, what do we do when we're inside the beast?"
CORAN says: ""A quick recap of what to do when you're inside the beast."
CORAN says: "One, avoid things that want to kill you."
CORAN says: "Two, get to the third stomach and find the scaultrite gland."
CORAN says: "Three, activate the weblum's defense mechanisms and collect the excess material from the gland."
CORAN says: "That's the scaultrite!"
KEITH says: ""Seems simple enough."
HUNK says: ""Seems under-explained."
KEITH says: ""Come on."
Hunk sighs.
Keith and Hunk exit the Yellow Lion. Hunk hits the ground and overbalances, beginning to spin with his jetpack pushing his momentum. He manages to right himself and they travel to the weblum's gills. Hunk begins to flip over yet again, but manages to right himself.
HUNK says: ""Got it, got it."
They head inside.
Transition to Central Command. Thace enters a room to see one of the Druids using its magic on a damaged sentry.
THACE says: ""Why are you tampering with evidence?"
DRUID says: ""Commander Thace, I was ordered to assist you in your investigation into the possible traitors on board."
THACE says: ""Ordered by whom?"
DRUID says: ""Haggar."
DRUID says: "I've analyzed the sentry that was destroyed just before the shields went down."
THACE says: ""The one that was killed by Prorok."
THACE says: "I've already examined him."
DRUID says: ""So, you found the trace elements of luxite on the wound?"
DRUID says: "It's a very rare metal."
DRUID says: "If we find others on the ship in possession of luxite, we will have found our traitors."
THACE says: ""Then what are you waiting for?"
THACE says: "Begin the search starting with the lower block."
DRUID says: ""I'll assign some sentries to that."
Thace turns to leave, but the Druid follows. Thace looks over his shoulder, then turns to face the Druid.
THACE says: ""Is there anything else?"
DRUID says: ""As chief investigator, your life could be in danger."
DRUID says: "I have been given orders to remain by your side until we clear all personnel or find the spy."
Back inside the weblum, Keith and Hunk descend safely using their jetpacks. Upon touching down, Hunk grunts as he steps on a bubble that pops underneath him. He lifts his foot up, revealing a mucus-like substance clinging to the boot.
HUNK says: ""Uh, yuck!"
HUNK says: "What am I standing on?"
HUNK says: "A mucus pocket?"
HUNK says: "I do not like mucus!"
HUNK says: "And is that steaming stomach acid?"
HUNK says: "Lookit, right over there."
HUNK says: "Oh, man, I really hope I don't see any blood."
KEITH says: ""Hunk!"
KEITH says: "Knock it off."
KEITH says: "You're freaking yourself out."
HUNK says: ""No, standing inches away from a pus-bubble is freaking me out."
He stomps on said pus-bubble when he says "pus" to prove his point. The substance inside lands on the ground and begins to sizzle, causing Hunk to rear back and cry out in disgust.
KEITH says: ""Look, we're inside a disgusting worm."
KEITH says: "There's no way to sugarcoat it."
KEITH says: "We're gonna need that big brain of yours if we want to make it through."
KEITH says: "Will you be all right?"
KEITH says: ""I said, will you be all right?"
HUNK says: ""Uh..."
HUNK says: "Okay, okay."
HUNK says: ""  "I'll be okay."
KEITH says: ""Good."
KEITH says: ""  "Besides, no one knows an explosive digestive tract like you."
HUNK says: ""I do."
HUNK says: "Wow."
HUNK says: "Galra Keith is way funnier than regular Keith."
KEITH says: ""Okay, we need to find a way around the stomach acid."
HUNK says: ""Huh?"
Strange creatures begin to enter the stomach through various holes.
KEITH says: ""What are these things?"
HUNK says: ""Uh..."
HUNK says: "Uh..."
HUNK says: "I don't know."
HUNK says: "Maybe they're bacteria?"
HUNK says: "Uh..."
HUNK says: "Oh..."
The creatures squeak as two of them land on Hunk's helmet. Another lands on his hand.
HUNK says: ""Wait, wait, wait."
HUNK says: "They seem friendly."
HUNK says: "They seem friendly."
HUNK says: "Maybe they're good bacteria."
HUNK says: "They like me."
HUNK says: "They're—"
HUNK says: ""  "They want to kill us!"
HUNK says: "They want to kill us!"
Keith and Hunk summon their bayards as the creatures begin to surround them.
HUNK says: ""I think they're part of the creature's digestive system!"
HUNK says: "They're trying to break down the food and we're the food!"
Keith grunts as he slices through a few of the creatures with his bayard. Hunk fires off several shots, but in doing so one of the creatures' residue splatters across Hunk's visor, effectively blinding him.
HUNK says: ""I can't see anything!"
Hunk deactivates his bayard, stumbling backwards until he hits the wall and is pulled through it by the muscles there.
KEITH says: ""Hunk!"
HUNK says: ""I'm here, surrounded by blood."
HUNK says: "I hate blood!"
KEITH says: ""You've gotta find a way out of the circulatory system."
Keith takes another swing with his bayard, but he is quickly backed up to a ledge over a pool of stomach acid.
KEITH says: ""Hunk!"
KEITH says: "I'm outnumbered here!"
KEITH says: "Meet me in the third stomach!"
Keith dematerializes his bayard, running for the edge and diving over it. The creatures try to follow, but don't submerge themselves in the stomach acid. An alarm goes off in Keith's suit, and he reaches up to silence it.
KEITH says: ""Gotta get out of this acid."
Keith exits the stomach, screaming as he begins to fall straight down. He grunts and manages to use his jetpack to propel himself to a ledge, landing roughly and taking a moment to catch his breath. He starts to push himself up, but looks over and sees a person in a suit of armor within the pod that had been absorbed into the weblum.
KEITH says: ""What the—"
KEITH says: "?"
KEITH says: "Impossible."
Hunk screams as he tumbles throughout the weblum's circulatory system.
HUNK says: ""I don't like blood-slides!"
HUNK says: ""  "Oh, no."
Keith slices through the parts of the weblum keeping the pod shut, then prepares himself to strike again.
KEITH says: ""Don't move."
KEITH says: "I'm here to help."
Keith thrusts his blade through the glass, cutting a hole large enough to pull the person out. He offers them a hand and pulls them out, but notices the Galra Empire's insignia on their shoulder.
KEITH says: ""Huh?"
Keith shoves the stranger past him, reaching down and stealing the blaster from their belt in the process. They turn just in time for Keith to point their own blaster at them, eyes narrowing.
KEITH says: ""You're Galra."
The bacteria creatures begin to emerge from the walls again, squeaking. They begin to form one large group.
KEITH says: ""Not those things again."
KEITH says: ""  "You're turning this ship into a bomb."
The group of creatures suddenly splits off into a smaller channel that heads straight for them. Keith and the stranger jump off of the pod, using their jets to propel themselves away as the creatures surround the pod. The pod explodes, and Keith summons his shield to protect himself and the stranger from the oncoming debris. They fall through the walls of the weblum into a new area.
Hunk still struggles to free himself from the weblum's circulatory system.
HUNK says: ""Keith!"
HUNK says: "Keith, are you there?"
HUNK says: "Keith, answer me!"
Hunk continues to struggle until he uses his jetpack, gaining the speed he needed to free himself.
Keith groans from the fall and starts to push himself up, the sound of running footsteps catching his attention. The stranger tackles Keith, firing off a shot, but it goes wild. Both roll to their knees, coming up with the stranger's blaster pointed at Keith. Several shots fire off and Keith activates his shield, but they travel over Keith's shoulder instead, destroying the bacteria creatures that approached from behind.
KEITH says: ""I guess you can keep your weapon."
One of the walls of the weblum spits Hunk out into an open area, and he uses his jetpack to control his momentum. He sighs, turning to look around.
HUNK says: ""Oh, my gosh, I found it!"
Another part of the weblum opens, allowing Keith and the stranger to enter the area where Hunk is. Hunk begins to fly down to meet them.
HUNK says: ""Keith!"
HUNK says: "Keith, you made it!"
HUNK says: "We both made it!"
HUNK says: "Who is this?"
KEITH says: ""Someone I found."
KEITH says: "He doesn't talk much."
KEITH says: "Also, he's Galra."
HUNK says: ""What, do you guys all know each other?"
HUNK says: ""  "Are you sure we should be rescuing a Galra soldier right now?"
KEITH says: ""We're Paladins of Voltron."
KEITH says: "We can't just leave people to die even if they are Galra."
KEITH says: "Now, come on."
KEITH says: "Let's get what we came for and get out."
HUNK says: ""Okay, well, that—"
HUNK says: "that might be a problem, too."
HUNK says: "The scaultrite gland somehow secretes mucus, or saliva, or something gross, which becomes crystallized."
HUNK says: "The only problem is, I think that we have to trigger the weblum's defense mechanism."
A distant rumbling. More bacteria creatures begin to invade from the walls. Keith groans.
KEITH says: ""Not again."
The rumbling increases in volume as the creatures quickly collect in one large group.
BOTH says: ""Uh..."
Groups of the creatures begin attacking, but they dodge. Keith manages to slice through a large group, cutting them off from the center, and Hunk blasts a large hole out of the center that fills itself in within seconds. Hunk screams as another group tries to attack him.
HUNK says: ""They're everywhere!"
HUNK says: "Oh, whoa."
Areas in the walls begin to open, pulling out air and the bacteria creatures. Keith and Hunk both yell as they start getting pulled in as well, but manage to catch themselves.
HUNK says: ""I think this thing is getting rid of the excess gas produced from its multiple stomachs."
KEITH says: ""What?"
HUNK says: ""It's farting!"
KEITH says: ""Hunk, what do we gotta do to get that scaultrite gland to goop?"
HUNK says: ""Uh, oh."
HUNK says: "Uh..."
HUNK says: "Wait a second, wait a second, wait a second."
HUNK says: ""Stay away from its face."
HUNK says: "" The blue laser."
HUNK says: "Ah!"
HUNK says: "I know what to do!"
KEITH says: ""What?"
HUNK says: ""For the sake of the universe, I'll provoke the beast!"
HUNK says: "You two stay here and get that scaultrite!"
KEITH says: ""Hurry!"
KEITH says: "I don't know how long we can hold these things off."
The creatures begin their attack again, and Hunk makes his way towards the center as the walls begin opening. He flies up and out of the weblum with a yell, leaving Keith alone with the strange Galra.
HUNK says: ""I'm out!"
HUNK says: "Heading to my lion now."
At Zarkon's Central Command, Thace runs through the corridors, ensuring he is not seen as he approaches a console. He removes a drive from underneath his fingernail and inserts it into the system, downloading files. He removes the chip just as the door beeps and opens. Thace gasps, quickly turning to face the door and reaching for his blade while hiding the chip behind his back.
DRUID says: ""Commander, there you are."
DRUID says: "The lower block has been scanned for luxite."
DRUID says: "I found nothing."
THACE says: ""Then continue the search."
DRUID says: ""Sir, I must remain by your side."
DRUID says: "Haggar's orders."
Thace leaves the room with the Druid following.
The Yellow Lion flies towards the weblum's face. Meanwhile, Keith and the stranger are surrounded by bacteria creatures, struggling to fight them off.
KEITH says: ""Hunk, whatever you're gonna do, do it now!"
HUNK says: ""Roger that."
HUNK says: "Provoking giant space worm now."
HUNK says: ""  "Come on!"
KEITH says: ""Hunk!"
HUNK says: ""Let's see you ignore me now."
HUNK says: ""  "Yes!"
HUNK says: "Yes, it's gonna do it!"
HUNK says: "Oh, no, it's gonna do it!"
The bacteria creatures suddenly retreat, and spots inside the scaultrite gland begin to glow. Keith gasps.
KEITH says: ""It's working!"
KEITH says: "I think it's about to get hot in here."
Keith and the Galra retreat to a side alcove, Keith activating his shield to protect them from the laser when it fires.
HUNK says: ""Oh, yes!"
HUNK says: ""  "Tell me you got the scaultrite."
Inside the weblum's third stomach, many shards of scaultrite float around the area.
KEITH says: ""Grabbing it now."
Keith begins to fill bags with scaultrite, and by the time he has several of them a weapon whirs from behind him. He turns, seeing the stranger's blaster pointed at him again.
KEITH says: ""So, you're just like the rest of 'em."
The stranger takes one of the bags, turning and using their jets to make a quick escape.
KEITH says: ""I'm coming out."
HUNK says: ""On my way."
HUNK says: ""  "Where's your buddy?"
KEITH says: ""He's long gone by now, and he got a bag of scaultrite."
HUNK says: ""What?"
HUNK says: "Should we go after him?"
KEITH says: ""No."
KEITH says: "Whatever the Galra are planning won't matter after we defeat Zarkon."
HUNK says: ""Copy that."
KEITH says: ""By the way, Hunk, you really came through in the clutch back there."
KEITH says: "Without you, the mission would have been a failure."
HUNK says: ""Aw, thanks, Galra Keith."
HUNK says: "You're all right."
HUNK says: "I think turning Galra has made you a better human."
KEITH says: ""I didn't just turn Galra!"