Fade in on an overhead shot of the ship Lotor and Allura have been preparing as they stand in front of it.
Lotor says: "I've waited an eternity for this."
Pan up a medium shot of Lotor and Allura.
Allura says: "We've done everything we can to prepare us for this moment."
Allura says: "We're ready."
Cut to a back shot of Lotor and Allura standing in front of this ship.
Lotor says: "It means so much to me to share this with you."
Shots of the ship powering up. Lotor sits in front and Allura in back; their consoles activate in front of them.
Lotor says: "Beginning system check."
Lotor says: "Front and rear stabilizers."
Cut to the bridge as Lance, Pidge, Coran, Shiro, and Hunk watch from the hangar cameras.
Allura says: "Front and rear stabilizers are go."
Lotor says: "Quintessence collection array."
Allura says: "Quintessence collection array is go."
Cut to shots of Coran, Shiro, and Hunk, then Pidge and Lance.
Lotor says: "Infracells."
Allura says: "Infracells up."
Lotor says: "Dynotherms."
Allura says: "Dynotherms connected."
Cut to a front view of the ship.
Lotor says: "Switching on mega-thrusters."
Allura says: "Mega-thrusters are go."
Cut to a wide shot of the hangar as the ship prepares for liftoff. Cut to the bridge as the camera pans over Shiro, Hunk, Coran, Pidge, and Lance.
Hunk says: "Okay, I can't be the only one who sees that this is nuts, right?"
Hunk says: "I mean, just getting in there is a long shot."
Hunk says: "Then they have to make it out again?"
Coran says: "I agree with Hunk."
Coran says: "This plan is a foolhardy and unnecessary risk."
Pidge says: "I don't know."
Pidge says: "I mean, we've traveled through the quintessence field to another reality."
Pidge says: "This isn't just theoretical physics; mathematically, we know it's possible."
Coran says: "Well, it is hard to argue with math."
Coran says: "Believe me, I've tried."
Lance says: "But even if they do reach the quintessence field, then what?"
Lance says: "The last time anyone got in there, it turned Zarkon evil."
Coran says: "Lance makes a fine point!"
Coran says: "Take that, math!"
Cut to Shiro.
Shiro says: "Zarkon fell prey to his own evil instincts."
Shiro says: "The quintessence field didn't create them, it revealed them."
Cut to the podbay doors opening and the ship lifting off. Lotor pushes the controls forward and the ship flies out of the Castle toward the ruins of Daibazaal. Cut to the bridge, in a panning shot over Team Voltron's profiles.
Coran says: "So this is goodbye..."
Coran says: "for now."
Lance says: "Allura?"
Cut to the screen view of the ship's cockpit.
Allura says: "Yes, Lance?"
Lance says: "..."
Lance says: "Get back safe."
Allura says: "I will."
Cut to the ship approaching the rift portal. Cut back the bridge, the camera slowly dollying out from Coran's face.
Coran says: "T-minus ten ticks to gate entry."
Cut to an over-the-shoulder shot of Lotor's cockpit.
Coran says: "Nine..."
The rift gate begins to glow blue.
Coran says: "Eight..."
Front view of Lotor and Allura's ship as it glows blue.
Coran says: "Seven..."
Close-up of Hunk.
Coran says: "Six..."
Close-up of Pidge.
Coran says: "Five..."
Close-up of Shiro.
Coran says: "Four..."
Close-up of Lance.
Coran says: "Three..."
Close-up of Lotor.
Coran says: "Two..."
Close-up of Lotor's console directly in front of the gate.
Coran says: "One."
Frontal close-up of Lotor.
Lotor says: "Are you ready?"
Dissolve to close-up of Allura.
Allura says: "Here we go."
The ship enters the gate and it glows blue-white on contact. Fade from white into the quintessence field, where the ship has entered successfully and Allura and Lotor look around.
Allura says: "Extraordinary!"
Extreme close-up of Lotor in profile. Back shot of the ship floating through the quintessence field.
Wide shot of the bridge of the castle, where the alarm sounds and the windows glow red. Hunk moves toward the console.
Hunk says: "What is that?"
Close-up of the console over Pidge and Coran's shoulders.
Coran says: "I've got an incoming craft."
Shiro says: "Shields up."
Shiro says: "And pull it up on-screen."
Coran presses a button on the console; the screen shows that it is an Altean ship.
Coran says: "That..."
Coran says: "that can't be."
Coran says: "It's an Altean pod!"
Coran says: "A really old one!"
Zoom out to Lance's profile.
Lance says: "What's it doin' out here?"
Close-up of Shiro.
Shiro says: "Let's find out."
Shiro says: "Attention Altean pod!"
Shiro says: "Identify yourself!"
The screen flips to reveal Keith piloting the pod.
Keith says: "Shiro, it's Keith."
Medium shot of the team, astonished.
Shiro says: "Keith!"
Shiro says: "A-are you okay?"
Pidge says: "Where have you been?"
Coran says: "And how did you get your hands on that pod?"
Lance says: "Does he look..."
Lance says: "bigger to you guys?"
Lance says: "He's bigger, right?"
Cut to the inside of Keith's cockpit.
Lance says: "No?"
Keith says: "Where's Lotor?"
Hunk says: "He's in the quintessence field."
Keith says: "Oh, no."
Wide shot of the ship inside the quintessence field. Close up shot of Lotor's consoles.
Lotor says: "Readings are beyond anything I could have imagined."
Lotor says: "What we do here today will change the course of the universe forever."
Close-up of Allura, with a tiny sample of quintessence in her hand.
Allura says: "In the hands of the wrong person, this power could easily corrupt."
Cut to a front shot of Lotor, with Allura behind him.
Lotor says: "Together we'll see it never does, and continue the work your father started so long ago."
Lotor says: ", let's see if we can collect some samples."
Wide shot of the podbay as Keith lands inside, the team waiting for him. He jumps out and the camera pans up to reveal him, taller and wider, but worried. Cut to the team.
Shiro says: "Keith, i-it's so good to see you."
Lance says: "Hold on."
Lance says: "How do we know you're the real Keith and not his bigger, cooler, grizzled older brother?"
Close-up of Keith and Lance as Keith walks past him.
Keith says: "I don't have time for this, Lance!"
Lance says: "Hey, everybody, Keith's back!"
Shot of Shiro, Pidge, Coran, Keith, and Lance.
Keith says: "We need to stop Lotor."
Keith says: "He's been lying to all of us!"
Profile shot of Coran, Pidge, Shiro, and Hunk.
Shiro says: "Wh—"
Shiro says: "lying about what?"
Girl says: "Everything!"
Cut to an over-the-shoulder shot of Keith, behind whom stand Krolia, the space pupper, and the unnamed Altean they found. Medium shot of the Altean girl.
Coran says: "You're..."
Coran says: "you're Altean!"
Camera pans to the left to include Krolia.
Lance says: "And who's the Galran?"
Camera pans over to space pupper.
Hunk says: "Is that a wolf?"
Shot of the paladins, Keith, and Coran.
Coran says: "Where did you come from?"
Keith says: "I promise, I'll explain everything once we get to Lotor."
Pidge says: "We can't get to him."
Pidge says: "He just entered the quintessence field with Allura."
Medium close-up of Keith.
Keith says: "We traveled through realities before."
Keith says: "Can't we fly in there and attack?"
Lance says: "She said Allura is with him."
Lance says: "We can't risk hurting her!"
Shot of Pidge, Shiro, Hunk, Lance, and Keith.
Hunk says: "Why are we even attacking?"
Shiro says: "Look, Keith--everyone, calm down."
Wide shot of the ship in the quintessence field. Overhead full shot of Lotor looking up at the sparks of blue energy flying past him.
Lotor says: "I can feel the quintessence coursing through me."
Close-up of Allura.
Allura says: "It's like my spirit, my whole being, is more alive."
Fade to white, dissolve to Haggar's chambers as she watches Team Voltron through Shiro's vision.
Shiro says: "Lance is right."
Shiro says: "You have changed."
Keith says: "Time is different where I've been."
Krolia says: "Shiro, I am Krolia."
Shot of the team inside the bridge.
Krolia says: "Keith has told me all about you."
Krolia says: "Thank you for raising him to be the man he is today."
Keith says: "Krolia is with the Blade of Marmora."
Keith says: "Also..."
Keith says: "she's my mother."
Close-up of Shiro.
Shiro says: "It's an honor to meet you."
Lance says: "WHAT?!"
Lance says: "!"
Lance says: "Okay, this is nuts!"
Lance says: "You come back with  your Galra mom, a wolf, and an Altean?!"
Lance says: "!"
Shot of Hunk, Pidge, and Coran.
Coran says: "Yes, I'm still waiting to hear the story of how you found this Altean."
Hunk says: "And why we're supposed to be attacking Lotor."
Profile shot of Keith and Romelle.
Keith says: "This is Romelle."
Keith says: "And I think she should tell her own story."
Romelle says: "I come from a planet where there are thousands of Alteans."
Romelle says: "We have lived there since the war with Zarkon began."
Coran says: "What?"
Coran says: "That's impossible!"
Coran says: "Altea was destroyed!"
Coran says: "Allura and I were the only survivors!"
Romelle says: "Every Altean child knows the story of how Lotor saved us from destruction."
Romelle says: "When Zarkon attacked, many were off-planet on trading expeditions."
Romelle says: "But Lotor, with his deep knowledge of Altean culture, managed to track some of them down."
Lotor approaches a table where two Alteans sit hunched over. They rise to their feet, but he puts his hand up.
Lotor says: "Hear me out!"
Lotor says: "I know who you are."
Lotor says: "I come in peace."
Lotor says: "If my intention were to kill you, then you would be dead already."
The Alteans look at each other, then shift from their tall green-skinned camouflage to their normal forms. Fade to black, then fade to a series of stills showing Lotor showing a crowd of Altean refugees their new colony.
Romelle says: "To keep the Alteans secure, Lotor hid them on a remote planet beyond the Quantum Abyss."
Coran says: "So Lotor..."
Coran says: "saved Alteans?"
Hunk says: "Man, Lotor is even nicer than we thought."
Dissolve through stills showing the landscape evolving and new structures being built, including a massive statue of Lotor.
Romelle says: "And over time, the Alteans came to worship Lotor as their savior."
Romelle says: "Generations ago, in an effort to increase our odds of survival, Lotor announced that he was creating another colony far from our own."
Romelle says: "But in order to do so, he needed to assess which Alteans were viable candidates to survive the journey."
Romelle says: "One by one, every Altean in the colony was given a series of tests."
Romelle says: "Those who were deemed fit for the journey were loaded onto a cargo ship and taken to the second colony."
Romelle says: "It was considered the highest honor."
Romelle says: "Any communication between the colonies was strictly prohibited, for fear that it would compromise the other's location."
Cut to a dolly down from the top of Lotor's statue to Romelle looking at its base, on which names are inscribed in Altean as a kind of memorial.
Romelle says: "This is the world I was born into, one of unquestioning devotion to a supposed messiah."
Romelle says: "My brother Bandor was always faithful, but I had questions."
Romelle walks toward the base of the statue and places her hand on the names.
Romelle says: "So many of our people gone to the new colony."
Romelle says: "Petrulius, Gnautu, Rahz, and of course, Mother and Father."
Romelle says: "I miss them all so much."
Bandor says: "I'm sure we'll have a chance to see them again when we're chosen to travel to the new colony."
Romelle says: "But why can't we talk to them now?"
Romelle says: "Lotor must have a way of communicating with them."
Romelle says: "He travels there all the time."
Romelle says: "So why does he keep us in the dark?"
Bandor says: "You know why."
Bandor says: "Communication with the other colony would risk discovery by the Galra."
Romelle says: "So we're told."
Cut to another screening of Alteans, where Romelle is deemed unfit.
Romelle says: "Eventually Bandor grew old enough to be assessed for the journey to the other colony, and he was selected to leave immediately."
Bandor walks eagerly to the cargo ship; Romelle runs after him.
Romelle says: "Don't do this!"
Bandor says: "It is Lotor's will."
Romelle says: "I'll never see you again!"
Romelle says: "Don't let him tear our family apart!"
Bandor says: "Don't worry, I'm sure you'll be selected to come to the colony soon."
Bandor says: "In the meantime, I made you something."
Bandor says: "It's a communicator."
Romelle clutches it to her chest, making sure the soldiers aren't looking, then turns back to Bandor.
Romelle says: "Will I be able to talk to you on the other colony?"
Bandor says: "I haven't had a chance to test it yet, but..."
Bandor says: "I hope so."
Bandor says: "Just remember, we suffer this isolation so the next generation may not have to."
Bandor says: "Goodbye, Romelle."
The camera focuses on their hands as Bandor slowly lets go and walks onto the ship, leaving a grieving Romelle behind. Cut to her watching the ship leave, then sitting on a hill overlooking the colony with the communicator in her hands.
Romelle says: "When Bandor left, I felt completely alone."
Romelle says: "I tried to use the communicator he had given me, but it never worked."
Dissolve from the sunny hilltop to Romelle's house at night. Cut to a pan along Romelle's bedroom as she sleeps, before the communicator goes off on her bedside table.
Romelle says: "Bandor!"
Bandor says: "Romelle!"
Bandor says: "You were right!"
Romelle says: "Where are you?"
Bandor says: "The forest..."
Bandor says: "outside town."
Bandor says: "Hurry!"
Romelle runs toward a column of smoke in the forest, with a particle barrier sparking and fraying above it showing a strange blue glow beyond the sky. Cut to Romelle standing on the edge of a hollow, where an Altean pod has crashed and caught fire. Romelle gasps and runs toward the pilot, Bandor, who is hunched over the console. She lifts up his shoulders and is horrified to see his face, now emaciated and scarred.
Romelle says: "Bandor..."
Bandor says: "Lotor..."
Bandor says: "the other..."
Bandor says: "colony..."
Bandor says: "it's all a lie..."
Romelle says: "No!"
Lotor says: "Over here!"
Romelle looks up sharply at the distant voice and the sound of a gun being cocked. Cut to Lotor and two of his soldiers walking toward the crashed ship.
Lotor says: "Clean up the wreckage."
Lotor says: "Leave no evidence this ever happened."
His words echo off the trees as the camera pulls back to reveal Romelle hiding behind a large tree trunk before running off. Cut to Lotor frowning, then setting his face determinedly. Fade to the top of Lotor's statue against another blue sunny sky as leaves blow gently in the breeze. Romelle gazes coldly up at the statue.
Romelle says: "My brother was dead."
Romelle says: "I knew the truth, or at least part of it, but I also knew that no one would believe me without proof."
Romelle says: "When Keith and Krolia arrived, they were my last chance at finding it."
Romelle says: "I told them what had happened to my brother, and, as it turned out, so many Alteans that had been taken before him."
Romelle says: "As they explained their mission to me, we knew there must have been a connection between the missing Alteans and the pure strain of quintessence."
Cut to an exterior shot of Romelle's house that night.
Keith says: "Given your brother's weakened state , he couldn't have piloted his ship for very long."
Keith says: "The other colony has to be somewhere nearby."
Krolia says: "There is a moon orbiting this planet that could house a colony."
Keith says: "Well, it's our only lead."
Keith says: "But how will we get there?"
Romelle says: "I have an idea."
Dissolve to the four walking down a catwalk to another building against the light of a full moon. Romelle opens the sliding doors.
Romelle says: "These transports haven't been used in generations."
Romelle says: "None of the Alteans in the colony would know how to fly one, even if we desired to."
The hangar inside reveals an Altean ship, exactly like the ones in the Castle of Lions.
Keith says: "I think I got us covered there."
Cut to a shot of the planet as the Altean ship leaves its atmosphere and flies toward the moon. Cut to a wide exterior shot of a Galra base of some kind.
Krolia says: "There's something down there."
The pod flies toward the Galra base. Cut to a shot of Keith, Krolia, and Romelle exiting their ship, preparing to infiltrate. Cut to Keith, Krolia, and Romelle running quickly and quietly to the entrance, crouching by the architrave to watch for any passing guards. Finding none, Keith leads the way in. Cut to a shot of sliding doors, which are forced open by Keith's blade, as the three force their way into a room full of large metal tubes. Keith, Krolia, and Romelle walk across the room, passing a jar in shadow that seems to house a body with tubes connected to it. Romelle walks over to one and rubs her hand over the glass to clear the fog, and is horrified to see the dessicated, dead-eyed face of an Altean.
Romelle says: "No!"
Romelle says: "Petrulius!"
Romelle says: "What's happening to them?"
Romelle says: "These people were supposed to be headed to the colony!"
Keith says: "Lotor is harvesting their quintessence!"
Cut back to the present, as Shiro, Coran, Pidge, Lance, Hunk, Krolia, and Keith are gathered in a circle around Romelle.
Coran says: "That's..."
Coran says: "horrifying!"
Pidge says: "All this time..."
Lance says: "I can't believe he fooled us."
Keith says: "He's a monster."
Keith says: "Huh?"
Keith looks up as the Castle's sensors alert them to the ship's return.
Coran says: "They're back!"
Romelle says: "What are you waiting for?"
Romelle says: "Open fire!"
Lance says: "No!"
Lance says: "Princess Allura is with him!"
Hunk says: "We're gonna let him back on board?!"
Hunk says: "!"
Coran says: "We must!"
Coran says: "As long as the princess is with him, we cannot risk any sort of attack!"
Shiro says: "Coran and Lance are right."
Shiro says: "We can't do anything until the princess is safe."
Shiro says: "Once Allura is secure, we will take Lotor down!"
Cut to Lotor helping Allura by the hand out of the ship. They remain pressed against each other.
Lotor says: "We accomplished something amazing today, and it would have never happened had it not been for you."
Allura says: "It is a moment that I truly will never forget."
Lotor leans in, closing his eyes. They meet in the middle with a kiss. Cut to the doors to the bridge opening as Allura and Lotor walk in, and the camera immediately zooms in on a furious Coran, and everyone else surrounding him.
Allura says: "What's going on?"
Krolia and Keith silently move in to surround Lotor, Krolia with her pistol and Keith with his blade. Lance pulls out his bayard, ready to fire.
Lance says: "Allura, step away from Lotor."
Allura says: "I will do no such thing."
Allura says: "Tell me what's happening here!"
Romelle says: "Lotor is a monster , and has been harvesting Altean quintessence for generations!"
Allura says: "An Altean!"
Cut to a close-up of Romelle.
Romelle says: "You killed my brother and thousands of others!"
Pidge says: "Lotor has been lying to us the whole time!"
Pidge says: "He's a murderer, just like his father!"
Cut to a close-up of Allura, with Lotor framed behind her to her left. He straightens up.
Lotor says: "You know nothing about what you speak!"
Allura says: "What are they talking about?"
Lotor says: "Allura, listen to me."
Lotor says: "Allura, do not let this ruin everything we've worked for!"
Lotor says: "Think of what we experienced in the quintessence field."
Lotor grabs her hand, but Allura has heard enough. She grabs his hand, picks him up, and hurls him toward the ground so hard he bounces twice off the floor and is knocked unconscious. Close-up of Allura, whose eyes are full of heartbreak and rage. Suddenly, an alarm sounds. Cut to the main screen of the bridge, showing the hangar and shots of Acxa and Ezor breaking in.
Coran says: "The hangar's been breached!"
Hunk says: "It's Lotor's troops."
Hunk says: "They're stealing the ships!"
Suddenly, Shiro falls to the ground, crying out in pain, flashes of Haggar's face flickering in front of him. He clutches his head, eyes wide with fear.
Keith says: "Shiro?"
Close-up of Shiro's face flickering back and forth from Haggar's, which is at the same angle. Her voice echoes in his mind as he grunts with the effort of trying to push her out.
Haggar says: "Give in."
Haggar says: "You cannot resist."
Shiro cries out, gritting his teeth, as the sounds of the room he's in become faint and muffled, replaced by ominous whispers.
Coran says: "What's happening to him?!"
Coran says: "!"
Cut to Shiro's POV, outlined in purple, looking up at the concerned and frightened Lance and Pidge. Rapid zoom to Haggar, standing in her chamber, arms raised.
Haggar says: "You are mine now."
Haggar says: "Give in!"
Close-up of Shiro's eyes as the pupils suddenly burn scarlet. Cut to a medium shot of Lance, angled to look down on Shiro with Hunk's hand on his shoulder.
Lance says: "Allura and I will secure Lotor!"
Lance says: "Hunk, help Shiro!"
Lance says: "Everyone else, get down to the hangar and stop those guys!"
Keith, Pidge, Krolia, and space pupper bolt from the room. Over-the-shoulder shot of Hunk facing Shiro, still clutching his head.
Hunk says: "Shiro..."
Hunk says: "?"
Shiro looks up with red-pupiled eyes full of rage. Extreme close-up of Hunk's alarmed face as Shiro punches him straight into Coran, knocking them both aside.
Lance says: "Shiro!"
Lance says: "What are you—"
Shiro punches him, throwing him backward.
Allura says: "Lance!"
Shiro's hand glows vibrant purple as he summons the black bayard, which takes the form of Zarkon's, an angular and menacing sword. He throws it at Allura, who dodges and moves protectively toward Romelle. The last shot is of Shiro's fist colliding with the camera. Cut to the outside of the bridge doors, which open to reveal that Shiro has knocked Allura and Romelle unconscious and slung Lotor over his shoulders. Allura comes to only in enough time to watch Shiro walk down the hallway.
Cut to Keith, Pidge, Krolia, and space pupper outside the podbay doors, which slide open just as a Sincline ship shoots out into space. The three look up as the second begins takeoff with Ezor in the cockpit. Close-up on her face as she grins, then quick fade out to the outside of the ship where she fires. Everyone runs for cover, Pidge hiding behind the doors. Ezor turns the ship around and flies out of the podbay.
Cut to Pidge in her hiding place as Shiro runs past her. Allura's voice is heard over the intercoms.
Allura says: "Shiro's gone mad!"
Allura says: "He's escaping with Lotor!"
Allura says: "Stop him before he leaves the ship!"
Pidge runs after them. Shiro puts the still-unconscious Lotor in the passenger seat of a pod and jumps in to take the helm. Pidge summons her bayard, preparing to fire, before Shiro meets her eyes. She falters, and the pod's shields activate. Cut to the outside of the Castle of Lions as the pod flies away. Cut to Shiro in the pilot seat, then fade to Haggar's face.
Haggar says: "Good."
Haggar says: "Now bring him to me."
Cut to the podbay, where Pidge helps Keith up and Krolia is supported by space pupper.
Pidge says: "What do we do?!"
Pidge says: "!"
Keith says: "We have to stay focused."
Keith says: "Lance, Hunk, can you still pilot your Lions?"
Hunk says: "Yeah, I'll manage."
Lance says: "We've got this."
Cut to the podbay.
Keith says: "Then let's go!"
Keith says: "If we're gonna fight Lotor's ships, we'll need Voltron!"
Pidge says: "Shiro's gone; who's gonna pilot the Black Lion?"
Keith says: "I will."
Cut to the Black Lion's hangar as Keith runs toward it, back in his red armor. Close-up of the Black Lion's eyes, which glow gold before the camera zooms out and the Lion roars, its paladin returned.
Cut to a profile shot of the Sincline ships and the Altean pod flying through space before a shot strikes Acxa's ship. She turns, furious, to see the Voltron Lions in pursuit, Keith flying the Black Lion forward to chase after Shiro. Cut to the cockpit of the Altean pod.
Keith says: "Shiro, it's Keith!"
Keith says: "Shiro, it's gonna be okay."
Keith says: "We just have—"
Shiro coldly raises his finger and taps the screen, cutting off communications. Cut to the Black Lion's cockpit, where Keith sits aghast before his transmissions notify him of the other paladins.
Hunk says: "I can't take them!"
Pidge says: "KEITH!"
Keith turns the Black Lion around, away from the Altean pod and back toward the fight. Cut to a shot of a Sincline ship as a Lion's lasers fire, missing it, before it fires its lasers up at the Red Lion. The Yellow and Blue Lions weave around the shot before Hunk is hit; Red turns to check on him but quickly launches upward to avoid another shot. Lance prepares to fire the mouth cannon, but another Sincline ship strikes him from behind and knocks him sideways. Blue flies through as a Sincline ship fires lasers, and Green attempts to fire before being struck by a Sincline shot. Pidge looks up from the cockpit to see a Sincline ship's laser headed straight for her before it's cut off by a laser shot. Green turns and Black flies in front of her, coming in the center of the Lions' formation.
Keith says: "Guys, we're no match for them in our Lions!"
Keith says: "FORM VOLTRON!"
Form Voltron sequence.
Voltron turns to face the Sincline ships. The screen splits between the five paladins on the left and Zethrid, Ezor, and Acxa on the right. Cut to Shiro, face set as he flies the Altean ship toward Haggar.