The episode begins with Zuko by himself, riding his stolen ostrich horse through a fairly barren landscape. After walking for a bit, they arrive at a decrepit bridge over a ravine that breaks as they cross. After regaining control, they continue crossing. A little while later, Zuko smells food and spots a steak being cooked by a couple below the ridge he is walking on. He holds his stomach in hunger, and reaches for his dual dao swords, preparing himself to steal from them. However, after noticing that the woman is pregnant, he stops himself and continues on his way.
Riding through grasslands covered in large broken Earth Kingdom rocks, Zuko holds his water pouch to his lips for a drink, only to finish it off thirstily. Exhausted from his travels, his sight becoming blurry and his eyes closing slowly as he struggles to maintain consciousness. He shakes himself awake, only to close his eyes again moments later. He has a flashback of a beautiful, middle-aged woman in a cloak turning and walking away in a dark hallway. He opens his eyes but keeps his head down.
Under the hot sun, Zuko reaches a small, poor town where the buildings are mostly made of wood and seem to be poorly constructed. We come upon four men dressed in green, gambling.
Earth Kingdom soldier says: "Come on, spider snake-eyes!"
Earth Kingdom soldier says: "Ha!"
Earth Kingdom soldier says: "Ha!"
Earth Kingdom soldier says: "Yeah!"
Two of the other men turn around and punch him in the stomach once each. He grunts with each punch.
Zuko rides through town and passes the soldiers. Their leader, Gow, glares at him and Zuko glares back. Zuko stops, gets off of his ostrich horse and turns to a merchant at a store.
Zuko says: "Could I get some water, a bag of feed and something hot to eat?"
Store owner says: "Not enough here for a hot meal."
Store owner says: "I can get you two bags of feed."
Zuko looks down, disappointed. He notices that the four Earth Kingdom men are watching him.
Two children hide behind the store counter, looking amused. One of them giggles and throws an egg. It hits a gambling soldier.
Earth Kingdom soldier says: "Ow!"
The two boys run off as the Earth Kingdom soldier turn around, looking angry. They only see Zuko behind them, so they stand up indignantly.
Gow says: "Hey!"
Gow says: "You throwing eggs at us, stranger?"
Zuko says: "No."
Gow says: "You see who did throw it?"
Zuko says: "No."
Earth Kingdom soldier says: "That your favorite word, no?"
Gow says: "Egg had to come from somewhere."
Zuko says: "Maybe a chicken flew over."
The Earth Kingdom soldier laughs, and Gow glares at him. At that moment, the store owner returns with Zuko's feed bags for the ostrich horse. Gow goes to the counter and grabs both bags before he can take them.
Gow says: "Thanks for your contribution."
Gow says: "The army appreciates your support."
The soldiers turn and leave with the bags.
Store owner says: "Those soldiers are supposed to protect us from the Fire Nation."
Store owner says: "But they're just a bunch of thugs."
Zuko walks toward his ostrich horse. As he is about to re-mount, one of the little boys from earlier pops up from behind the animal.
Lee says: "Thanks for not ratting me out!"
Zuko ignores the boy, gets on his steed and starts riding away. Lee casts him an annoyed look before brightening. Lee comes up from behind and grabs the reins.
Lee says: "I'll take you to my house and feed your ostrich horse for you."
Lee says: "Come on, I owe you!"
A shot of Zuko holding his stomach in hunger fades to a pig farm, Zuko and Lee arrive on a dirt road at the farm among mountains in the countryside. A little wooden farmhouse with a roof that needs re-shingling. Several different types of hybrid pigs spotted in enclosures.
Lee says: "No one can ever sneak up on us."
Zuko says: "No kidding."
Lee takes the ostrich horse away. Zuko casts his glance off to the side; the camera shifts to show a pig rooster, who crows at him. A man approaches Zuko. A woman peers out from behind the farmhouse.
Gansu says: "You a friend of Lee's?"
Lee comes running out of the barn excitedly and grabs his father's arm.
Lee says: "This guy just stood up to the soldiers!"
Lee says: "By the end, he practically had them running away!"
The woman from earlier comes forward to join her husband and son, wiping her hands on a rag.
Sela says: "Does this guy have a name?"
Zuko says: "I'm..."
Zuko says: "uh..."
Gansu says: "Anyone who can hold his own against those bully soldiers is welcome here."
Gansu says: "Those men should be ashamed to wear Earth Kingdom uniforms."
Sela says: "The real soldiers are off fighting the War,  Supper's going to be ready soon."
Sela says: "Would you like to stay?"
Zuko says: "I can't."
Zuko says: "I should be moving on."
Sela says: "Gansu could use some help on the barn."
Sela says: "Why don't you two work for a while, and then we'll eat."
Zuko nods in agreement. The camera fades to Zuko and Gansu working on the roof of the barn. Lee is resting on a ladder, watching them re-shingle the roof. While Gansu is doing well and working steadily, Zuko has several twisted and broken nails in front of him, although it is evident he is trying hard to do a good job.
Lee says: "You don't seem like you're from around here."
Zuko says: "Mm-mm."
Lee says: "Where are you from then?"
Zuko says: "Far away."
Lee says: "Ohhh."
Lee says: "Where are you going?"
Gansu says: "Lee, give it a rest."
Gansu says: "Stop asking the man personal questions, got it?"
Lee says: "So how'd you get that scar?"
Zuko is surprised at the question and swings down his hammer a little too hard. He strikes his thumb, now red, and groans in pain.
Gansu says: "It's not nice to bother people about things they might not want to talk about."
Gansu says: "A man's past is his business."
Gansu goes back to hammering and so does Zuko. The scene fades away to the sound of hammers hitting metal as Zuko starts reminiscing about the past.
Fade to a shot of the water's surface. An unknown person places a fingertip in the water and holds their hand out to reveal bread crumbs. Cuts to shot of the Royal Gardens, two figures sitting by the edge of a large kidney-shaped pond. Cuts to shot of a younger Zuko and his mother, who are feeding some bread to four turtle ducks – a mother and her four babies.
Young Zuko says: "Hey Mom, want to see how Azula feeds turtle ducks?"
Ursa says: "Zuko!"
Ursa says: "Why would you do that?"
After the baby turtle duck surfaces again, the mother turtle duck charges forth and bites Zuko's ankle hard.
Young Zuko says: "Ow!"
Young Zuko says: "Ow ow!"
Young Zuko says: "Ouch!"
Young Zuko says: "Stupid turtle duck."
Young Zuko says: "Why she'd do that?"
Ursa says: "Zuko."
Ursa says: "That's what moms are like."
A little while later, young Azula, Ty Lee and Mai are playing together in the royal yard by a man-made river and a rather large fountain. While Mai sits and watches under the shade of a tree, Azula does a complicated flip but messes up the ending and grunts. Ty Lee does the same flip, only she completes the ending perfectly and lands on her feet, arms proudly up in the air. Azula pushes her over and laughs.
Young Ty Lee says: "Ugh!"
Young Ty Lee says: "Azula!"
Zuko and Ursa walk by together nearby. Mai sees them, smiles, turns away and blushes. Azula notices her obvious crush, however, and turns to Ty Lee with a plot in mind.
Young Azula says: "Mom!"
Young Azula says: "Can you make Zuko play with us?"
Young Azula says: "We need equal teams to play a game!"
Young Zuko says: "I am not cart-wheeling."
Young Azula says: "You won't have to."
Young Azula says: "Cart-wheeling's not a game, dum-dum."
Young Zuko says: "I don't care."
Young Zuko says: "I don't want to play with you!"
Young Azula says: "We are brother and sister."
Young Azula says: "It's important for us to spend time together!"
Young Azula says: "Don't you think so, Mom?"
Azula reaches for an apple on the tree that Mai was under earlier. Mai, now standing in front of the fountain, is still while Azula places the apple on her head.
Zuko is shocked and runs forward toward Mai, who screams as Zuko approaches her. He slams into her and the both of them fall into the fountain, with Zuko lying on top of Mai's stomach. Both seem very shocked and embarrassed. Azula starts laughing at them.
Young Azula says: "See, I told you it would work!"
Cuts to shot of Azula and Ty Lee observing Zuko and Mai in the fountain, their backs facing the camera.
Young Ty Lee says: "Aww, they're so cute together!"
Zuko gets up angrily and leaves the fountain. Mai stands up as well.
Young Mai says: "You two are such..."
Young Mai says: "ugh!"
At that moment, Ursa comes from the house toward the children, a scroll of paper in her hand.
Ursa says: "I was just coming to get you."
Ursa says: "Uncle Iroh sent us a letter from the war-front."
Ursa says: "You're soaking wet?"
Young Zuko says: "Girls are crazy!"
The scene switches to the letter and what is occurring with Iroh. Rubble surround a large gap in the wall of Ba Sing Se with smoke emitting from everywhere. A tent is set up nearby, with a younger General Iroh writing at a desk.
Switch back to Ursa, Zuko and Azula. The children are laughing at the joke as well. Ursa continues down the letter.
Ursa says: "Until then, enjoy these gifts."
Two servants dressed in white come up, and Zuko runs to meet them. Ursa sits there and continues reading.
Ursa says: "For Zuko, a pearl dagger from the general who surrendered when we broke through the Outer Wall."
Ursa says: "Note the inscription and the superior craftsmanship."
Young Zuko says: "Never give up without a fight."
Ursa says: "And for Azula, a new friend."
Ursa says: "She wears the latest fashion for Earth Kingdom girls."
As Ursa reads, Azula picks up her present. It is a doll wearing green. She picks it up by the head with disgust, making sounds and sticking out her tongue.
Young Azula says: "If Uncle doesn't make it back from war, then Dad will be next in line for Fire Lord, wouldn't he?"
Ursa says: "Azula, we don't speak that way."
Ursa says: "It would be awful if Uncle Iroh didn't return."
Ursa says: "And besides, Fire Lord Azulon is a picture of health."
Young Zuko says: "How would you like it if cousin Lu Ten wanted Dad to die?"
Young Azula says: "I still think our dad would make a much better Fire Lord than His Royal Tea-Loving Kookiness."
Flashback ends. Night has fallen, and Zuko is sleeping on a pile of hay inside the barn. A door opens and Lee comes sneaking in. He takes the Dual Dao swords, but nearly stops when Zuko makes a sound in his sleep. Nevertheless, Lee walks out of the barn with the swords and closes the squeaky door. Zuko's eyes pop open as if he was only feigning sleep the whole time. Cut to a large sunflower garden, where Lee is practicing with the swords. He jumps around and chops off several sunflower heads. He starts stabbing a nearby dead tree trunk repeatedly, his tongue lolling out of his mouth and breathes heavily in effort as Zuko silently approaches behind him.
Zuko says: "You're holding them wrong."
Lee falls backward in surprise. The shot shows Zuko, arms crossed, standing a little further back in the patch of sunflowers. Lee gets back up, ashamed, and holds out the swords to Zuko. He takes them.
Zuko says: "Keep in mind, these are dual swords."
Zuko says: "Two halves of a single weapon."
Zuko says: "Don't think of them as separate, 'cause they're not."
Zuko says: "They're just two different parts of the same whole."
Zuko swings around the swords carefully, demonstrating his skill. He cuts off some sunflower heads, turns around, and hands the swords back to Lee to try. Lee is a little more careful this time, and a little less awkward with the swords. He turns to Zuko once he is done his mini demonstration. Zuko smiles kindly; Lee smiles back and laughs. They begin walking away from the sunflower patch together, side by side under the full moon.
Lee says: "I think you'd really like my brother Sensu."
Lee says: "He used to show me stuff like this all the time."
Fade to the morning at the pig farm. Zuko mounts his ostrich horse again, ready to leave the hospitable family. Gansu, Sela and Lee have all come to see Zuko off.
Sela says: "Here."
Sela says: "This ought to get you through a few meals."
Zuko is just about to grab the package when he looks up and notices a cloud of dust in the distance. It is Gow and his cronies riding in on ostrich horses. Gansu steps forward.
Gansu says: "What do you think they want?"
Zuko says: "Trouble."
Gow and his crew ride toward the pig farm. The animals squeal, clearly irritated at their arrival. The Earth Kingdom soldiers stop right in front of Gansu's family and Zuko.
Gansu says: "What do you want, Gow?"
Gow says: "Just thought someone ought to tell you that your son's battalion got captured."
Gow says: "You boys hear what the Fire Nation did with their last group of Earth Kingdom prisoners?"
Earth Kingdom soldier says: "Dressed 'em up in Fire Nation uniforms and put 'em on the front line unarmed, the way I heard it."
Earth Kingdom soldier says: "Then they just watched."
Gansu says: "You watch your mouth!"
Gow rides forward a little more toward Gansu when Zuko goes in between them, interfering. Gow and Zuko glare at each other.
Gow says: "Why bother rooting around in the mud with these pigs?"
Gow turns around his ostrich horse and all four soldiers ride away, kicking up a cloud of dust behind them. Cut to another one of Zuko's flashbacks in the palace grounds again and to the fountain seen earlier. Zuko and Azula are happily playing together while Ursa sits in front of the fountain when a messenger in white approaches her with a scroll. She opens and reads it before standing up and crying. She turns to young Zuko and Azula.
Ursa says: "Iroh has lost his son."
Ursa says: "Your cousin Lu Ten did not survive the battle."
Zuko seems shocked and sad at the news, while Azula does not seem to react at all. Cut back to the present, where Zuko is still in front of the family protectively. Sela and Gansu are hugging behind him; Lee is standing close by.
Lee says: "What's going to happen to my brother?"
Gansu says: "I'm going to the front."
Gansu says: "I'm going to find Sensu and bring him back."
Sela and Gansu walk away from Zuko, with Sela crying desperately. Lee runs toward Zuko.
Lee says: "When my dad goes..."
Lee says: "will you stay?"
Zuko says: "No."
Zuko says: "I need to move on."
Zuko reaches behind him and takes out a sheathed dagger. He bends down and gives it to Lee, who takes it with a faint smile.
Zuko says: "Here."
Zuko says: "I want you to have this."
Zuko says: "Read the inscription."
Lee says: "Made in Earth Kingdom."
Zuko says: "The other one."
Lee says: "Never give up without a fight."
With that, Zuko rides away from Lee. Lee runs after him for a little bit, but stops shortly afterward. Cut to Zuko's memory again; this time he is in the Royal Palace playing with his dagger from Iroh the one he just gave to Lee. He fakes his death, dramatically falling to the floor with a groan. Azula sits cross-legged behind him.
Young Azula says: "You waste all your time playing with knives."
Young Azula says: "You're not even good!"
Young Zuko says: "Put an apple on your head and we'll find out how good I am!"
Young Azula says: "By the way, Uncle's coming home."
Young Zuko says: "Does that mean..."
Young Zuko says: "we won the War?"
Young Azula says: "No, it means Uncle's a quitter and a loser."
Young Zuko says: "What are you talking about?"
Young Zuko says: "Uncle's not a quitter!"
Young Azula says: "Oh yes he is!"
Young Azula says: "He found out his son died and he just fell apart!"
Young Azula says: "A real general would stay and burn Ba Sing Se to the ground, not lose the battle and come home crying."
Young Zuko says: "How do you know what he should do?"
Young Zuko says: "He's probably just sad his only kid is gone."
Young Zuko says: "Forever."
At that moment, Ursa appears in the doorway.
Ursa says: "Your father has requested an audience with Fire Lord Azulon."
Ursa says: "Best clothes, hurry up!"
Zuko runs past Ursa quickly to get ready, while Azula walks rather slowly.
Young Azula says: "Fire Lord Azulon..."
Young Azula says: "can't you just call him 'Grandfather'?"
Young Azula says: "He's not exactly the powerful Fire Lord he used to be."
Young Azula says: "Someone will probably end up taking his place soon."
Ursa says: "Young lady!"
Ursa says: "Not another word!"
Azula runs past her mother and leaves.
Ursa says: "What is wrong with that child?"
The scene changes to the Fire Lord's chamber, a large room with many columns and a wall of fire in front of the Fire Lord's throne. Ozai, Ursa, Zuko, and Azula are all sitting on the floor some distance back from Fire Lord Azulon, though Ozai's face remains obscured save for his mouth.
Ozai says: "And how was it Great-Grandfather Sozin managed to win the Battle of Han Tui?"
Young Zuko says: "Great-Grandfather won..."
Young Zuko says: "because..."
Young Azula says: "Because even though his army was outnumbered, he cleverly calculated his advantages."
Young Azula says: "The enemy was downwind and there was a drought."
Young Azula says: "Their defenses burned to a crisp in minutes."
Ozai says: "Correct, my dear."
Ozai says: "Now, would you show Grandfather the new moves you demonstrated to me?"
Azula stands up and moves forward. She begins with some circular motions, warms herself up, and firebends. Ozai smiles. Azula does many fairly complicated moves with ease, and Zuko watches her in amazement. She finishes off her routine with a jump and a powerful fire blast toward the throne, before landing on her feet gracefully.
Ozai says: "She's a true prodigy!"
Ozai says: "Just like her grandfather for whom she's named."
Young Azula says: "You'll never catch up..."
Young Zuko says: "I'd like to demonstrate what I've been learning."
Ozai frowns at this news. Zuko starts off well, doing the same circular motions as Azula earlier. He manages to produce a small fire blast, which does not impress Fire Lord Azulon. When he tries to create another one, he falls. He gets back up, panting heavily, and tries again, only to fall harder. Ursa gets up worriedly and approaches Zuko to comfort him.
Young Zuko says: "I failed."
Ursa says: "No."
Ursa says: "I loved watching you."
Ursa says: "That's who you are, Zuko."
Ursa says: "Someone who keeps fighting even though it's hard."
Azulon says: "Prince Ozai, why are you wasting my time with this pomp?"
Azulon says: "Just tell me what you want."
Azulon says: "Everyone else, go!"
Ursa, Zuko and Azula start walking out of the throne room; however, Azula pulls Zuko off to the side just before they exit. The children hide in the curtains at the back of the room.
Young Zuko says: "What are you -?"
Young Azula says: "Shh!"
Azula and Zuko stop where the curtains open and peek back out at the throne room, exposing only their faces.
Ozai says: "Father, you must have realized as I have, that with Lu Ten gone, Iroh's bloodline has ended."
Ozai says: "After his son's death, my brother abandoned the siege at Ba Sing Se, and who knows when he will return home."
Ozai says: "But I am here, Father, and my children are alive."
Azulon says: "Say what it is you want!"
Ozai says: "Father, revoke Iroh's birthright."
Ozai says: "I am your humble servant, here to serve you and our nation."
Ozai says: "Use me."
Azulon says: "You dare suggest I betray Iroh?"
Azulon says: "My first born?"
Azulon says: "Directly after the demise of his only beloved son?"
Azulon says: "I think Iroh has suffered enough!"
Azulon says: "But you..."
Azulon says: "your punishment has scarcely begun!"
Azulon's anger causes the flames around him to grow. Zuko, scared, runs away from behind the curtain as Azula watches, but she stays and continues watching with an evil smile on her face.
The scene switches to Zuko laying in a large bed in a large ornate room. He suddenly looks up, alarmed. Azula is standing in his doorway, arms crossed. She looks amused.
Young Azula says: "Really, he is."
Young Zuko says: "Ha-ha, Azula."
Young Zuko says: "Nice try."
Young Azula says: "Fine, don't believe me."
Young Azula says: "But I heard everything."
Young Azula says: "Grandfather said Dad's punishment should fit his crime."
Young Azula says: ""You must know the pain of losing a first-born son."
Young Azula says: "By sacrificing your own!"
Young Zuko says: "Liar!"
Young Azula says: "I'm only telling you for your own good."
Young Azula says: "I know!"
Young Azula says: "Maybe you could find a nice Earth Kingdom family to adopt you!"
Young Zuko says: "Stop it!"
Young Zuko says: "You're lying!"
Young Zuko says: "Dad would never do that to me!"
Ursa appears in the doorway of Zuko's room.
Ursa says: "Your father would never do what to you?"
Ursa says: "What is going on here?"
Young Azula says: "I don't know..."
Ursa says: "It's time for a talk!"
Ursa drags Azula away from Zuko's bed, and Azula follows reluctantly. Zuko clasps the blanket tightly in his hands.
Young Zuko says: "Azula always lies."
Young Zuko says: "Azula always lies."
Cut to the older Zuko, lying in green grass, holding his traveler's hat to his chest.
Zuko says: "Azula always lies."
An ostrich horse can be heard. Zuko sits up and looks to see Sela riding toward him in a carriage. She is frantic and panicked.
Sela says: "You have to help!"
Sela says: "It's Lee – the thugs from town came back as soon as Gansu left."
Sela says: "When they ordered us to give them food, Lee pulled a knife on them!"
Sela says: "I don't even know where he got a knife!"
Sela says: "Then they took him away."
Sela says: "They told me if he's old enough to fight, he's old enough to join the army."
Sela says: "I know we barely know you, but..."
Zuko says: "I'll get your son back."
Back in the Earth Kingdom town, it is sunset. Zuko is riding on his ostrich horse through a small archway that enters into the town. The people around scatter when they see him coming. Lee is tied up to a tower. He seems sad, but when he looks up to see Zuko. He quickly regains hope.
Lee says: "Hey!"
Lee says: "There he is!"
Lee says: "I told you he'd come!"
The Earth Kingdom soldiers approach him, as does their leader, Gow. Zuko dismounts and takes off his hat, placing it on the ostrich horse. They face each other, battle imminent.
Zuko says: "Let the kid go."
Gow says: "Who do you think you are, telling us what to do?"
Zuko says: "It doesn't matter who I am."
Zuko says: "But I know who you are."
Zuko says: "You're not soldiers; you're bullies."
Zuko says: "Freeloaders, abusing your power."
Zuko says: "Mostly over women and kids."
Zuko says: "You don't want Lee in your army – you're sick cowards messing with a family who's already lost one son to the war."
Gow says: "Are you gonna let this stranger stand there and insult you like this?"
The soldier runs forward, spear in hand. He goes to attack Zuko, who pulls out his sword and punches the other man in the stomach with the hilt without fully unsheathing his sword. Zuko re-sheathes his sword while the man slides backward and runs away, panting heavily in fear.
A second Earth Kingdom soldier groans and runs to attack Zuko with his spear this time. Zuko punches the spear upward to move it out of the way, grabs onto the man's forehead, and shoves him to the ground. The man gets up slowly and flees as well.
A third Earth Kingdom soldier charges toward Zuko with his spear as well. Zuko stands there, waiting, until the spear is close enough and kicks the spear right in the middle, snapping it. The spearhead, along with half of the spear, goes flying in the other direction. The soldier gasps and runs away from Zuko like the two men before him. Lee laughs in satisfaction. A crowd has gathered; Sela's worried face is one of many.
With the last of his cronies gone, Gow steps up to the plate to fight Zuko, dual hammers against dual swords. They draw their weapons, and Gow throws the first blow, a rock he has earthbent, and powerfully thrusts over to Zuko. Zuko deflects it readily with his swords. Gow strikes again, this time with three large rocks instead of one. He sends them over in rapid succession to Zuko, who deflects the first two easily. However, the third rock hits him in the stomach and he stumbles backward. This does not dismay him though, so he charges Gow. An old man in the crowd cheers him on.
Old man says: "Give him a left!"
Old man says: "A left!"
Old woman says: "It's not a fistfight..."
Old man says: "He's got a left sword, don't he?"
Gow does the same earthbending trick as earlier; he throws three large rocks at Zuko. Zuko responds the same as before, deflecting the first two but the third one hitting him square in the abdomen. However, this time, he falls over and somersaults backward, and manages to get up, although weakened and still stumbling around. Gow smiles.
Old man says: "Look out!"
Lee says: "Behind you!"
Gow earthbends again, but with increasingly larger rocks each time. He shoots four rocks at Zuko, who manages to destroy each, one by one. It continues this way, Gow no longer giving little recovery breaks to Zuko. Both are fighting at full force, although Zuko is so busy being defensive of the large flying rocks that he cannot become offensive to Gow. However, finally Gow creates a rockalanche and directs it at Zuko. The crowd gasps collectively. Zuko is sent flying and lands straight on his back, and has a sudden flashback.
In the flashback, Zuko is sleeping in his room at night when a hand gently touches his shoulder. He awakens drowsily to see his mother dressed in a cloak.
Young Zuko says: "..."
Young Zuko says: "Mom?"
Ursa says: "Zuko, please, my love, listen to me."
Ursa says: "Everything I've done, I've done to protect you."
She pulls the barely conscious Zuko into a hug.
Ursa says: "Remember this, Zuko."
Ursa says: "No matter how things may seem to change, never forget who you are."
She turns away from him with a sad smile, pulls her hood up and disappears down the dark hallway; it is the flashback Zuko had at the very beginning of the episode.
The flashback ends as suddenly as it begin, and we cut back to Zuko in the Earth Kingdom village, lying on the ground. Gow is approaching him.
Lee says: "Get up..."
Lee says: "!"
Gow raises his hammers to deliver the final blow when Zuko's eyes open. He reaches for his swords and gets up firebending, creating a hurricane of flame. Gow drops his hammers and is pushed over, and lands on his back. Zuko stands there, seething at Gow. Although unarmed, Gow stands up and raises his fists, determined to finish the fight. Zuko charges him, sending various fire blasts. Gow tries to deflect them with earthbending, but the blasts are too powerful and he is sent backward again. Rocks hit his head as he lands in with a cloud of dust.
Gow says: "Who..."
Gow says: "who are you?"
Zuko says: "My name is Zuko."
Zuko says: "Son of Ursa and Fire Lord Ozai."
Zuko says: "Prince of the Fire Nation, and heir to the throne."
Old man says: "Liar!"
Old man says: "I heard of you!"
Old man says: "You're not a prince, you're an outcast!"
Old man says: "His own father burned and disowned him!"
Zuko kneels down toward Gow, who shudders in fear. However, Zuko does nothing to harm him; he only takes Lee's dagger back. Zuko walks toward Lee to give it back, but Sela who had been untying Lee intervenes.
Sela says: "Not a step closer."
Zuko says: "It's yours."
Zuko says: "You should have it."
Lee says: "No!"
Lee says: "I hate you!"
Zuko has another flashback. It is probably early morning and he is in his bed in his room. He wakes with a start.
Young Zuko says: "Mom?"
Young Zuko says: "Mom?"
Young Zuko says: "Mom!"
Zuko enters a pillared room, where Azula is admiring Zuko's dagger from behind a pillar. She re-sheathes it and steps out to face Zuko.
Young Zuko says: "Where's Mom?"
Young Azula says: "No one knows."
Young Azula says: "Oh, and last night, Grandpa passed away."
Young Zuko says: "Not funny, Azula!"
Young Zuko says: "You're sick."
Young Zuko says: "And I want my knife back, now."
Young Azula says: "Who's going to make me?"
Young Azula says: "Mom?"
Zuko dashes forward and grabs his knife from Azula, who was dangling in a tantalizing manner. He runs away to keep looking. Zuko reaches the garden where his father is standing still, staring into a pond.
Young Zuko says: "Where is she?"
Ozai does not acknowledge that he has heard Zuko. Zuko bows his head.
The scene switches to the palace from the outside on the stairs, outside at night. Row upon row of people standing on the palace grounds, wearing red hooded cloaks and carrying long, red, rectangular flags. At the top of the steps to the palace, a Fire Sage leader dressed in red, with several other Fire Sages in white behind him. There is an elaborate coffin behind him as well. Zuko, Azula, and Ozai are standing to his right.
Fire Sage says: "Azulon."
Fire Sage says: "Fire Lord to our nation for twenty-three years."
Fire Sage says: "You were our fearless leader in the Battle of Garsai."
Fire Sage says: "Our matchless conqueror of the Hu Xin Provinces."
Fire Sage says: "You were father of Iroh, father of Ozai, husband of Ilah, now passed."
Fire Sage says: "Grandfather of Lu Ten, now passed."
Fire Sage says: "Grandfather of Zuko, and Azula."
Fire Sage says: "We lay you to rest."
With those words, two attendants in white firebend Azulon's coffin, which was on a layer of wood so it burns easily. The Fire Sage holds up the fire crown.
Fire Sage says: "As was your dying wish, you are now succeeded by your second son."
He places the fire crown in Ozai's top knot and steps away.
Fire Sage says: "Hail Fire Lord Ozai!"
Ozai stands up, and the group of mourners wearing red and holding flags all kneel down at once, as do the Fire Sages behind him and Zuko and Azula. Azula is smiling wickedly at this new development. Zuko looks over at her and the crowd with absolute fear in his eyes. The flashback ends.
Zuko rides out of the Earth Kingdom village on his stolen ostrich horse. The villagers stand in lines on either side of him with various possible weapons in their hands says: "a hoe, a pitchfork, a rock for throwing."
Zuko rides out of the Earth Kingdom village on his stolen ostrich horse. The villagers stand in lines on either side of him with various possible weapons in their hands says: "They watch him leave with anger and hatred in their eyes."
Zuko rides out of the Earth Kingdom village on his stolen ostrich horse. The villagers stand in lines on either side of him with various possible weapons in their hands says: "As Zuko passes Lee, the boy looks the other way."
Zuko rides out of the Earth Kingdom village on his stolen ostrich horse. The villagers stand in lines on either side of him with various possible weapons in their hands says: "Zuko ignores them, and rides off into the sunset, just as alone as when he arrived."