The episode opens to show a cliff with a small body of water, where Team Avatar is residing. The camera pans downward and cuts to where Sokka is relaxing peacefully, floating on a large leaf in the water with Momo sleeping on his stomach, while Katara and Aang are facing each other while practicing waterbending.
Sokka says: "You guys are going to be done soon, right?"
Sokka says: "We have a lot of ground to cover if we're going to make it to Omashu today."
Sokka says: "I could be ready in two minutes."
Sokka says: "Seriously,  whenever."
Aang says: "So you were showing me the octopus form?"
Katara says: "Right, let me see your stance."
Aang assumes a defensive stance. After careful consideration, Katara walks over to him.
Katara says: "See, if you move them closer together, you protect your center."
Katara says: "You got it?"
Aang says: "Oh, yea..."
Aang says: "thanks."
Katara says: "Okay, let's see what you got."
Aang bends the water, creating a globule which eventually transforms into eight whip-like water tentacles. He carefully maneuvers them, fending off shards of ice that Katara repeatedly sends at him by throwing them away or dodging them. At length, he manipulates one of the tentacles, curling it around her leg, gripping it firmly and pulling on it.
Katara says: "You make a fine octopus, Pupil Aang."
The camera cuts to where Aang dances playfully, suspended in a globule of water shaped like an actual octopus. Suddenly, music can be heard in the distance. The group witnesses a strange group of nomads playing music on instruments and singing, approaching them.
Chong says: "Hey, river people!"
Katara says: "We're not river people."
Chong says: "You're not?"
Chong says: "Well then what kind of people are you?"
Aang says: "Just..."
Aang says: "people."
Chong says: "Aren't we all, brother?"
Sokka says: "Who are you?"
Chong says: "I'm Chong and this is my wife, Lily."
Chong says: "We're nomads, happy to go wherever the wind takes us!"
Aang says: "You guys are nomads?"
Aang says: "That's great!"
Aang says: "I'm a nomad!"
Chong says: "Hey, me too!"
Aang says: "I know..."
Aang says: "you just said that."
Chong says: "Oh."
Chong says: "Nice underwear..."
Cut to close shot of Sokka, who is only wearing his swimsuit; Aang and Katara are standing behind him. Sokka's eyes bulge at the sudden realization that he is wearing very little in front of complete strangers. He grabs Momo and places him strategically over his underwear and slides rapidly off the screen. The scene switches to a forest landscape, where Zuko and Iroh are now living as fugitives. The camera shows a close-up of Iroh's face, as he gasps and stares in awe at a red and white flower. Cuts to full view of him and an area behind him.
Zuko says: "Uncle, what are you doing?"
Iroh says: "You're looking at the rare white dragon bush."
Iroh says: "Its leaves make a tea so delicious, it's heartbreaking."
Iroh says: "That, or it's the white jade, which is poisonous."
Zuko says: "We need food, not tea."
Zuko says: "I'm going fishing."
Iroh says: "Or deadly poison?"
The scene switches to where Team Avatar and the band of nomads are lounging nearby Appa, whose fur is braided. Chong is casually strumming his lute. Sokka approaches.
Aang says: "Hey, Sokka, you should hear some of these stories."
Aang says: "These guys have been everywhere!"
Chong says: "Well not everywhere, Little Arrowhead."
Chong says: "But where we haven't been, we've heard about through stories and songs."
Aang says: "They said they'll take us to see a giant night crawler!"
Moku says: "On the way, there's a waterfall that creates a never-ending rainbow!"
Sokka says: "Look, I hate to be the wet blanket here, but since Katara is busy, I guess it's up to me."
Katara shoots him a glare as Lily braids her hair.
Sokka says: "We need to get to Omashu."
Sokka says: "No sidetracks, no worms and definitely no rainbows."
Chong says: "Wow, sounds like someone has a case of destination fever."
Chong says: "You're worried too much about where you're going."
Lily says: "You got to focus less on the "where" and more on the "going"."
Sokka says: "O."
Sokka says: "Ma."
Sokka says: "Shu!"
Katara says: "Sokka's right."
Katara says: "We need to find King Bumi, so Aang can learn earthbending somewhere safe."
Chong says: "Sounds like you're headed to Omashu."
Sokka smacks his forehead in frustration.
Chong says: "There's an old story about a secret pass right through the mountains."
Katara says: "Is this real or a legend?"
Chong says: "Oh, it's a real legend."
Chong says: "And it's as old as earthbending itself."
Chong says: "Secret tunnel!"
Chong says: "Secret tunnel!"
Chong says: "Through the mountains, secret, secret, secret, secret tunnel!"
Chong says: "Yeah!"
A shot showing everyone around Appa, including the nomads. who had been dancing and clapping.
Sokka says: "I think we'll just stick with flying."
Sokka says: "We've dealt with the Fire Nation before."
Sokka says: "We'll be fine."
Aang says: "Yeah, thanks for the help, but Appa hates going underground."
Aang says: "And we need to do whatever makes Appa most comfortable..."
The scene changes to a mountainous cliffside where Fire Nation soldiers are attacking the team by launching fireballs at them as they desperately try to escape on Appa.
Commander says: "Launch!"
Several catapults are activated, launching an assault of fireballs at the team, who manages to narrowly avoid them.
Team Avatar says: "Ahhhh!"
The scene cuts to the trio, covered in ash and scorch marks, casually strolling past the nomads.
Sokka says: "Secret love cave, let's go."
The scene switches to the forest, where Zuko has arrived from his fishing expedition. When the camera pans upward, it is revealed that he has only managed to spear a single, tiny fish which flaps about helplessly on the large branch he used for a fishing pole. Cuts to Iroh hunched over, his back to the camera.
Iroh says: "Zuko,  remember that plant I thought might be tea?"
Zuko says: "You didn't..."
Iroh says: "I did..."
Zuko says: "Ahh!"
Iroh says: "That, or maka'ole berries that cause blindness."
Zuko says: "We're not taking any more chances with these plants!"
Zuko says: "We need to get help."
Iroh says: "But where are we going to go?"
Zuko says: "If the Earth Kingdom discovers us, they'll have us killed."
Iroh says: "But if the Fire Nation discovers us, we'll be turned over to Azula."
They look at each other and pause briefly.
Zuko says: "Earth Kingdom it is."
The scene changes to where Team Avatar and the band of nomads are journeying to the tunnels along a wide street surrounded by the ruins of a temple.
Sokka says: "How far are we from the tunnel?"
Chong says: "Actually, it's not just one tunnel."
Chong says: "The lovers didn't want anyone to find out about their love, so they built a whole labyrinth!"
Sokka says: "Labyrinth?"
Chong says: "Oh, I'm sure we'll figure it out."
Lily says: "All you need to do is trust in love..."
Lily says: "according to the curse."
Sokka, who had resumed walking, halts once more. The others pass by him. After several moments, he flinches in terror.
Sokka says: "Curse!"
Camera pans to the dark entrance of the cave.
Chong says: "Hey-hey!"
Chong says: "We're here!"
Sokka says: "What exactly is this curse?"
Chong says: "The curse says that only those who trust in love can make it through the caves."
Chong says: "Otherwise, you'll be trapped in them forever."
Lily says: "And die."
Chong says: "Oh yeah, and die."
Chong says: "And die!"
Sokka says: "That's it!"
Sokka says: "There's no way we're going through some cursed hole!"
Moku says: "Hey, someone's making a big campfire!"
Katara says: "That's no campfire, Moku."
Sokka says: "It's Fire Nation."
Sokka says: "They're tracking us."
Aang says: "So all you need to do is trust in love to get through these caves?"
Chong says: "That is correct, Master Arrowhead."
Aang turns to stare at Katara, who has her back to him. Her clothes and hair sway slightly as a breeze passes by. The camera closes up to his face, his eyes shining in adoration.
Aang says: "We can make it."
Sokka says: "Everyone into the hole!"
They all begin to enter the cave. Cuts to a close-up of Appa as he groans. Several Fire Nation tanks rumble across the terrain toward the entrance of the tunnel and pause once they reach the mouth of the cave.
Commander says: "Hold on!"
Commander says: "It's too dangerous."
Commander says: "Haven't you heard the song?"
Commander says: "Just close them in."
Commander says: "The mountain will take care of the rest."
The tanks fire rotating grappling hooks from canisters into the tunnel and release them after a few moments, unleashing a myriad of boulders. The scene switches to where the group has begun navigating their way through the tunnels only to turn and witness the entrance being closed off. Appa begins to frantically paw the walls of the tunnel.
Katara says: "It's okay, Appa."
Katara says: "We'll be fine."
Katara says: "I hope."
Sokka says: "We will be fine."
Sokka says: "All we need is a plan."
Sokka says: "Chong, how long do those torches last?"
Chong says: "Uh, about two hours each."
Lily says: "And we have five torches, so that's ten hours!"
Sokka says: "It doesn't work like that if they're all lit at the same time!"
Lily says: "Oh, right."
Sokka says: "I'm going to make a map to keep track of exactly where we've been."
Sokka says: "Then we should be able to solve it like a maze and get through."
Katara and Aang look at each other with unsure expressions. The scene changes to a village. Camera cuts to a hospital before switching to the inside of the building. One doctor is treating a man with what appears to be a cupping treatment. The man grits his teeth in pain. The camera pans over to where a girl is treating Iroh's allergic reaction. Zuko is seated on a bench.
Iroh says: "Whoops!"
Song says: "So where are you traveling from?"
Zuko says: "Yes, we're travelers."
Song says: "Do you have names?"
Zuko says: "Names?"
Zuko says: "Of course we have names."
Zuko says: "I'm, uh..."
Zuko says: "Lee and this is my Uncle, uh..."
Zuko says: "Mushi?"
Zuko glares angrily at Iroh and moves his finger across his neck signaling that he's dead meat, but abruptly halts and puts his hands behind his back when Song turns to look at him.
Song says: "Mushi and Junior, huh."
Song says: "My name is Song."
Song says: "You two look like you could use a good meal."
Song says: "Why don't you stay for dinner?"
Zuko says: "Sorry, but we need to be moving on."
Song says: "My mom always makes too much roast duck."
Iroh says: "Where do you live exactly?"
The scene changes to the dark tunnel where Sokka is standing with a map in his hands, the map taking up most of the screen. He tilts it to the side a few times before drawing it closer to him.
Katara says: "Sokka, this is the tenth dead end you've led us to."
Sokka says: "This doesn't make sense."
Sokka says: "We already came through this way."
Chong says: "We don't need a map."
Chong says: "We just need love."
Chong says: "The little guy knows it."
Aang says: "Yeah, but I wouldn't mind a map also."
Sokka says: "The tunnels are changing."
A wave of surprise passes over everyone as the tunnels shake. The scene cuts to nighttime to a house. Cuts to a shot of an open-wall dining room where Zuko and Iroh are sitting around Song's kitchen table.
Song's mother says: "My daughter tells me you're refugees."
Song's mother says: "We were once refugees ourselves."
Song says: "When I was a little girl, the Fire Nation raided our farming village."
Song says: "All the men were taken away."
Song says: "That was the last time I saw my father."
Zuko says: "I haven't seen my father in many years."
Song says: "Oh, is he fighting in the War?"
Zuko hesitates. Iroh is seen slurping up a bowl of noodles.
The scene changes to the cave.
Chong says: "The tunnels, they're a-changin'."
Chong says: "It must be the curse!"
Chong says: "I knew we shouldn't have come down here!"
Sokka says: "Right, if only we listened to you."
Katara says: "Everyone be quiet."
Katara says: "Listen."
Cuts to shot of Sokka looking into the dark tunnel, his back to the camera. A low snarl can be heard from within the darkness of the tunnel. Momo flees from his shoulder. Sokka suspiciously holds the torch up to the tunnel to inspect the strange sound. Suddenly, a wolfbat flies from the darkness of the cave toward the camera, causing everyone to panic.
Chong says: "It's a giant flying thing with teeth!"
Moku says: "No!"
Moku says: "It's a wolfbat!"
The wolfbat takes off again. In a frenzy, Sokka swats at the creature with the lit torch. Several hot cinders are thrown about and land on Appa's skin. Yelping in pain, the bison begins running around the tunnel, releasing a discharge of rocks and debris. Aang quickly airbends Sokka and the band of nomads out of the way of the falling rocks. He races toward Katara and pushes her out of the way. The camera cuts to where he and Katara rise from the impact and witness the division of the tunnel. Meanwhile, Sokka attempts to dig his way through the barrier that divides the two groups.
Chong says: "Yeah, it's no use."
Chong says: "We're separated."
Chong says: "But at least you have us!"
Sokka says: "Nooooo!"
He resumes digging through the rocks only to have a pile of debris fall on him. The scene changes to where Zuko is sitting on Song's front porch. Song comes outside and sits beside him.
Song says: "Can I join you?"
Song says: "I know what you've been through."
Song says: "We've all been through it."
Song says: "The Fire Nation has hurt you."
She reaches out to touch his scar only to have Zuko push her hand away.
Zuko casts her a surprised look upon seeing this. The scene cuts to where Chong and his group are singing much to Sokka's annoyance.
Chong says: "Don't let the cave-in get you down, Sokka!"
Sokka scowls at this. The scene changes to Aang and Katara who are making their way through the tunnels.
Katara says: "Aang, look!"
Aang says: "We found the exit!"
The two struggle to open it. Appa is seen in the background, snorting and preparing to charge. The two look at each other in alarm before running away as Appa charges at the door forcefully. Cuts to the opposite side of the entrance as the door creaks open and to a wider shot of the room as the stone doorway loosens and rolls off to the side. Katara jumps into the room only to have her look of hope change into one of disappointment.
Katara says: "This isn't the exit."
Aang says: "No."
Aang says: "It's a tomb."
The camera zooms out on the ominous looking tomb, Appa grunting behind the duo.
Aang says: "It must be the two lovers from the legend; that's who's buried here."
Katara says: "These pictures tell their story."
Katara gestures with the torch toward at the panels along the tomb, speaking about each one in turn. Aang and Katara exchanged glances and Katara narrates the story. The first image is that of a mountain.
Katara says: "They met on top of the mountain that divided their two villages..."
Two figures, a man dressed in red and a woman in blue, meet atop the mountain. They take each other's hands, though they swiftly let go, and a Chinese character appears.
Katara says: "but their love was strong and they found a way."
Two hills appear; on the closer one is the man, while the woman kneels on the one farther away. Though their faces cannot be seen in detail, it is obvious that they long for the other.
Katara says: "The two lovers learned earthbending from the badgermoles; they became the first earthbenders."
The painting of a badgermole is shown, as well as that of the young couple beginning to create the labyrinth.
Katara says: "The great city was named Omashu as a monument to their love."
The two look at each other momentarily before turning around.
Katara says: "in the dark."
Meanwhile, on the other side of the cave, Sokka glares at the map while Momo comically perches on the top of his head. The map takes up most of the shot until Sokka lowers it.
Moku says: "Oh, great!"
Moku says: "Your plans have led us to another dead end!"
Cuts to overhead shot of the entire group standing before a wall of rubble, before switching to Sokka and Moku, with Sokka glaring accusingly at the nomad.
Sokka says: "At least I'm thinking of ideas and trying to get us out of here, Moku."
Chong says: "Whoa, whoa, wait a minute."
Chong says: "We're thinking of ideas‌?"
Chong says: "Because I've had an idea for, like, an hour now."
Sokka says: "Yes!"
Sokka says: "We're all thinking of ideas!"
Chong says: "Well, then listen to this: If love is the key out of here, then all we need to do is play a love song!"
Meanwhile, in the tomb of the two lovers, Katara studies the portrait of the two lovers and the inscription while Aang stands off to side.
Aang says: "How are we going to find our way out of these tunnels?"
Katara says: "I have a crazy idea."
Aang says: "What?"
Katara says: "Never mind."
Katara says: "It's too crazy."
Aang says: "Katara, what is it?"
Katara says: "I was thinking..."
Katara says: "the curse says we'll be trapped in here forever unless we trust in love..."
Aang says: "Right..."
Katara says: "And here, it says, "Love is brightest in the dark," and has a picture of them kissing."
Aang says: "Where are you going with this?"
Katara says: "Well, what if we..."
Katara says: "kissed?"
Aang says: "Us..."
Aang says: "kissing‌?"
Katara says: "See?"
Katara says: "It was a crazy idea."
Aang says: "Us..."
Aang says: "kissing..."
Katara says: "Us kissing."
Katara says: "What was I thinking?"
Katara says: "Can you imagine that‌?"
Katara says: "Sorry I suggested it!"
Aang says: "No, no, I mean..."
Aang says: "if there was a choice between kissing you and dying..."
Katara says: "Ugh!"
Aang says: "What?"
Aang says: "I'm saying is I would rather kiss you than die - that's a compliment."
Aang says: "What is wrong with me..."
He walks away, the screen darkening in his wake. The scene changes to where Chong and his nomads are playing love songs, the camera panning down to show the group walking past.
Chong says: "Even if you're lost, you can't lose the love because it's in your heart..."
Sokka slaps his forehead once more. The scene changes where we now see Zuko and Iroh preparing to depart from Song's house. They stand outside, dozens of fireflies in the air.
Iroh says: "Thank you for the duck."
Iroh says: "It was excellent."
Song's mother says: "You're welcome."
Song's mother says: "It brings me pleasure to see someone eat my cooking with such..."
Song's mother says: "gusto."
Iroh says: "Much practice."
Zuko turns to leave.
Iroh says: "Junior, where are your manners?"
Iroh says: "You need to thank these nice people."
Zuko says: "Thank you."
Song says: "I know you don't think there's any hope left in the world, but there is hope."
Song says: "The Avatar has returned."
Zuko says: "I know."
He leaves, but stops as he comes across an ostrich horse. Quietly, he walks over to the animal, unfastens it from its post and leads it away. The camera cuts to a shot from Song's front yard. Zuko appears on screen, riding the animal.
Iroh says: "What are you doing?"
Iroh says: "These people just showed you great kindness."
Zuko says: "They're about to show us a little more kindness."
Zuko says: "Well?"
Disappointed and reluctant, Iroh mounts the ostrich horse and the two ride away, leaving Song upset. She quietly closes the screen door to the house. The scene switches to the cave where Aang and Katara are still wandering about hopelessly, their torch ready to burn out at any moment.
Aang says: "We're going to run out of light any second now, aren't we?"
Katara says: "I think so..."
Aang says: "Then, what are we going to do?"
Katara says: "What can we do?"
She silently walks over and grabs hold of his hand. Aang smiles up at her. The camera cuts to a close-up of Katara's face. The two are seen leaning into one another as the last of the torch light fades. Suddenly, the ceiling of the cave lights up revealing thousands of glowing crystals gleaming overhead. Meanwhile, Sokka and the band of nomads are journeying through the cave when they hear low growls. The camera zooms in on a dark tunnel where several wolfbats come into the light, racing toward them. Sokka waves his hands frantically in an attempt to scare them off. The creatures fly straight past him.
Chong says: "Hey!"
Chong says: "You saved us, Sokka!"
Sokka says: "No, they were trying to get away from something!"
Chong says: "From what?"
The caves rumble. Cuts to an overhead shot of the group as a wall of rock crumbles. Without warning, two giant badgermoles burst through the caves, causing the group to panic. One badgermole closes its hands together in a prayerful manner, closing off a tunnel behind it with earthbending. The camera shifts right across the group and cuts to the other badgermole which pounds the ground with its paws and raises a wall of earth, blocking off the exits. Cuts to an overhead shot of the cave where one badgermole is seen using earthbending to create a split in the earth between the nomads and Sokka.
Cuts to Sokka who tries to avoid the badgermole's swipes. He is blown back several feet and starts hastily backing away, his fingers hitting a string on the lute in the process, producing a musical note. Cuts to a close-up of a badgermole who cocks its head curiously. The creatures quiet down as he picks up the lute and begins playing a tune.
Chong says: "Hey, those things are music lovers!"
Sokka says: "Badgermoles coming toward me."
Sokka says: "Come on guys, help me out!"
Chong says: "The big, bad badgermoles who earthbend the tunnels, hate the wolfbats, but love the sounds!"
The scene switches to Aang and Katara who are standing underneath the ceiling of glowing crystals, their hands linked.
Aang says: "They're made of some kind of crystal."
Aang says: "They must only light up in the dark."
Katara says: "That's how the two lovers found each other."
Aang says: "So, uh..."
Katara says: "Let's go!"
She runs toward the exit. Aang stares after her before shaking his head and smiling. He and Appa follow close behind. They make their way out of the cave and into the outdoors. Appa bounds out of the tunnel and flops onto his back, tongue lolling out in content.
Aang says: "What about Sokka?"
The two seem a bit concerned at first, but a rumbling is heard. Cuts to an overhead shot of the exit where at that moment, Sokka and the band of nomads emerge from the cave, riding atop badgermoles. Debris flies everywhere and Aang and Katara shield themselves from the rubble. The camera pans upward to Sokka riding atop one of the creatures, waving, Momo flying about.
Katara says: "Sokka!"
Cuts to overhead shot of the cave, the camera panning to the left. Sokka dismounts the badgermole and approaches Katara.
Sokka says: "How did you guys get out?"
Aang says: "Just like the legend said, we let love lead the way."
Sokka says: "Really?"
Sokka says: "We let huge, ferocious beasts lead our way."
He turns to the badgermoles and waves to them as they slowly plod their way into the cave again. Two walls of rock rise up where the badgermoles re-entered the cave. The camera pans to where Momo is seemingly communicating with Appa, telling him of his journey through the caves. Appa seemingly roars in response to the lemur. Katara is seen hugging her brother.
Katara says: "Why is your forehead all red?"
Chong says: "Nobody react to what I'm about to tell you: I think that kid might be the Avatar!"
Sokka smacks his forehead, enlarging the red spot while Chong looks at him in curiosity. Meanwhile, Aang confronts the other nomads.
Aang says: "So are you guys going to come to Omashu with us?"
Moku says: "Nope."
Aang says: "Okay."
Aang says: "Thanks for everything, Moku."
The band of nomads begins walking away. The camera pans to where Chong is seen placing a necklace of flowers around Sokka's neck.
Chong says: "Sokka, I hope you learned a little something about not letting the plans get in the way of the journey."
Sokka says: "Just play your songs."
Chong says: "Hey!"
Chong says: "Good plan!"
Chong says: "Even if you're lost, you can't lose the love because it's in your heart."
Chong says: "Da, da, da..."
While Chong is singing, Aang shoots a look at Katara, Sokka crosses his arms and Katara blushes. The camera pans upward and fades to a scene later in the day where the trio is heading up the mountainside to Omashu.
Sokka says: "Oh no..."
The camera shifts to behind him where they soon discover that Omashu has been captured and placed under Fire Nation rule. Ominous music is heard as a close-up of the entrance draped with a Fire Nation flag is shown.
Fades to credits.