The episode opens with a shot of the incline leading to the Royal Caldera city, as the camera pans above to an aerial shot of the city. Shot cuts to the Fire Nation Royal Palace, before cutting to Zuko's bedroom, to show Zuko tossing and turning in his bed, unable to sleep. He opens his eyes and gets up, donning a cloak. Cut to the rim of the volcano, as he walks through a path. Cut to the Capital City Prison as Zuko walks toward it. Cut to an overhead shot of him stopping and looking above. Cut to a guard walking around a balcony, who spots him.
Guard says: "Who's there?!"
Guard says: "!"
Zuko, without speaking a word, turns around and walks away. The guard, seeing Zuko leave, resumes his patrol. Scene changes to some islands at day time, as a mysterious cloud goes toward one of the islands at an abnormal speed. Cut to the cloud "descending" on one of the islands.
Aang says: "I think I see a cave below."
Sokka says: "Sh!"
Sokka says: "Keep quiet!"
Aang airbends the cloud surrounding Appa as the flying bison lands. Sokka jumps to the ground from Appa and reconnoiters, before crossing his arms and looking toward Team Avatar.
Sokka says: "Great job with the cloud camo, but next time, let's disguise ourselves as the kind of cloud that knows how to keep its mouth shut."
Toph says: "Yeah, we wouldn't want a bird to hear us chatting up there and turn us in."
Sokka says: "Those are enemy birds."
One toucan puffin jumps onto Sokka's head and screeches. Cut to the other three as they laugh, and walk toward the cave, with Sokka following behind. Suddenly, he jumps above them and comes "diving" down. He looks suspicious, as shot cuts to an aerial shot of him running into the cave, followed by the rest of the group.
Sokka says: "Well, this is it."
Sokka says: "Hiding in cave after cave after cave after cave..."
Katara says: "Sokka, we don't need to become cave people."
Katara says: "What we need is some new clothes."
Aang says: "Yeah, blending in is better than hiding out."
Aang says: "we would be just as safe as we would be hiding in a cave."
Toph says: "Plus, they have real food out there."
Toph says: "Does anyone want to sit in the dirt and eat cave hoppers?"
Toph punches the cave wall, causing cave hoppers to jump out, Momo grabs one and eats it. He turns around and spits out a cave hopper limb.
Sokka says: "Looks like we got outvoted, sport."
Sokka says: "Let's get some new clothes."
Cut to outside a Fire Nation home near a waterfall. Next to the home, clothes hang out to dry on clotheslines over natural steam vents. Katara, Aang, Sokka, and Toph hide behind a rock wall.
Aang says: "These clothes belong to somebody."
Katara says: "I call the silk robe!"
Aang says: "But if it's essential to our survival..."
Aang says: "then I call the suit!"
Cut to a view of the hanging clothes from inside a house through doorway where a man sleeps. Aang and Toph run across, grabbing clothes. Sokka stands still, examining shirts on the clothesline and grabs the third one.
Aang says: "Ta-dah!"
Aang says: "Normal kid."
Toph says: "Hm..."
Toph says: "I should probably wear shoes."
Toph says: "But then I won't be able to see as well."
Toph says: "Finally, a stylish shoe for the blind earthbender."
Aang says: "Uh..."
Aang says: "your mom's necklace."
In the city, Katara puts some money on a head-wear display. She puts on a Fire Nation necklace, Toph puts on a crown, and Sokka wears a top-knot. Aang pats down Momo's ears and hides him in his shirt.
Aang says: "I used to visit my friend Kuzon here a hundred years ago."
Aang says: "So, everyone just follow my lead and stay cool."
Aang says: "Or, as they say in the Fire Nation, "stay flamin'"."
Aang says: "Greetings, my good hotman."
Fire Nation man says: "I guess..."
Aang says: "Oh, we're going to a meat place?"
Sokka says: "Come on, Aang, everyone here eats meat."
Sokka says: "Even the meat!"
Aang says: "You guys go ahead."
Aang says: "I'll just get some lettuce out of the garbage."
Aang says: "Hotman."
Aang says: "Hotman."
Aang says: "Hotman."
Aang says: "Hotman."
Aang says: "Hotman."
Aang says: "Hotman."
Three soldiers approach Aang.
Male soldier says: "It's over."
Male soldier says: "We caught you."
Aang says: "Who, me?"
Male soldier says: "It couldn't be more obvious that you don't belong here."
Male soldier says: "Next time you play hooky, you might wanna take off your school uniform."
Aang laughs nervously and the soldier grabs Aang. Cut to the two guards push Aang into a classroom. The camera pans across the room, stopping at the teacher, Ms. Kwan.
Kwan says: "Oh."
Kwan says: "Is this a new mind ready for molding?"
Aang says: "That's right."
Kwan says: "Wait a minute."
Kwan says: "Clearly you're from the colonies."
Aang says: "Yeah, the colonies, of course."
Aang says: "The Fire Nation colonies in the Earth Kingdom."
Kwan says: "Your etiquette is terrible."
Kwan says: "In the homeland, we bow to our elders."
Aang says: "Sorry, ma'am."
Bows to her. She taps his hands to correct him. A girl sitting in the front row shows the correct way to bow. Aang bows the proper way this time.
Kwan says: "And we don't wear head coverings indoors."
Aang says: "Um..."
Aang says: "I have a scar."
Aang says: "It's really embarrassing."
Kwan says: "Very well."
Kwan says: "What is your name?"
Kwan says: "Or should we just call you "Mannerless Colony Slob"?"
The school bell rings and the students walk out of school. Momo peeks out of Aang's school uniform.
Aang says: "We made it through the day Momo, and it was pretty fun."
Aang says: "What monkey?"
On Ji says: "Don't worry, I'm not a tattletale."
On Ji says: "My name's On Ji."
On Ji says: "I like your headband, by the way."
Hide says: "On Ji, you don't have to baby-sit the new kid."
Aang says: "Wow."
Aang says: "You must be one of those popular kids I've been hearing about."
Hide says: "That's right."
Hide says: "Now listen, friend."
Hide says: "I know you're from the colonies, so I'll say this slowly."
Hide says: "Don't forget it."
Momo tries to get out of Aang's shirt and Aang pushes him back in. Aang pushes Momo back as Hide signifies to Aang that he is watching him and begins to leave.
Aang says: "It was nice meeting you."
Shoji says: "I don't believe it, he didn't beat you up."
Shoji says: "Not even a little."
Aang says: "I guess I'm just lucky."
Shoji says: "We were on our way to play hide and explode."
Shoji says: "You wanna come?"
Aang says: "I'd love to."
Shoji, his friends, and Aang all run off to play the game.
Cut to Team Avatar's cave. Aang slides down the hill and enters the cave, covered in dirt.
Katara says: "Where have you been?"
Katara says: "We've been worried sick."
Aang says: "I got invited to play with some kids after school."
Sokka says: "After what?!"
Sokka says: "!"
Aang says: "I enrolled in a Fire Nation school, and I'm going back tomorrow."
Cut to an outside-view of the Capital City Prison. Cut to inside, where Zuko walks through the halls and the guard is alerted to his presence.
Guard says: "Prince Zuko..."
Zuko grabs the guard by his collar and slams him against the wall.
Zuko says: "I'm going in for a visit."
Zuko says: "You're going to stand guard here, and no one is going to know about this."
The scene cuts back to show the team inside the cave sitting around a fire.
Sokka says: "Aang, I'm trying to be mature and not immediately shoot down your idea, but it sounds..."
Sokka says: "really terrible."
Toph says: "Yeah, we got our outfits."
Toph says: "What do you need to go to school for?"
Aang says: "Every minute I'm in that classroom, I'm learning new things about the Fire Nation."
Aang says: "I already have a picture of Fire Lord Ozai."
Sokka says: "Impressive, I admit, but I still think it's too dangerous."
Aang says: "I guess we'll never find out about the secret river then."
Aang says: "It goes right to the Fire Lord's palace."
Aang says: "We were supposed to learn about it in class tomorrow."
Sokka says: "Hmm, I am a fan of secret rivers..."
Sokka says: "fine, let's stay a few more days."
Aang says: "Flamey-O, hotman!"
Sokka says: "Flamey-O?"
Katara shrugs and murmurs as if to say "I don't know." Cut to the prison. Zuko is standing inside Iroh's cell.
Zuko says: "You brought this on yourself you know."
Zuko says: "We could have returned together."
Zuko says: "You could have been a hero!"
The scene cuts to show the classroom with the class assembled inside. Kwan walks in, and the class collectively rises to bow.
Kwan says: "Good morning class."
Kwan says: "Recite the Fire Nation oath."
The class turns to face a large painting of Ozai.
Class says: "My life I give to my country, with my hands I fight for Fire Lord Ozai and our forefathers before him."
Aang says: "Fire Lord..."
Aang says: "forefathers..."
Class says: "With my mind I seek ways to better my country, and with my feet may our March of Civilization continue."
Aang says: "Firebenders..."
Aang says: "Fire Lord..."
Aang says: "wah, bah, blah, blah."
Kwan says: "Since it's obviously hilarious to mock our national oath, we'll begin with a pop quiz on our great March of Civilization."
Kwan says: "Kuzon?"
Aang says: "Is that a trick question?"
Aang says: "The Air Nomads didn't have a formal military."
Aang says: "Sozin defeated them by ambush."
Kwan says: "Well, I don't know how you could possibly know more than our national history book."
Kwan says: "Unless you were there a hundred years ago."
Aang says: "I'll just write down my best guess."
The camera fades to show the music teacher standing at a podium with the rest of the class before him, playing instruments. Aang plays loudly in very discordant notes, dancing while sitting.
Music teacher says: "Kuzon?"
Aang says: "I know, I'm a terrible tsungi hornist."
Music teacher says: "No, child."
Music teacher says: "That hullabaloo going on with your feet."
Music teacher says: "Is that a nervous disorder?"
Aang says: "I was just dancing."
Aang says: "You do dances here in the homeland, right?"
Shoji says: "Not really, no."
Music teacher says: "Dancing is not conducive to a proper learning environment."
Music teacher says: "Young people must have rigid discipline and order."
Aang says: "But what about expressing yourself?"
Music teacher says: "I know sometimes we're so ruled by our love for our nation that we can't control our own bodies."
Music teacher says: "If you must, you may march in place quietly next time the urge hits you."
He settles back down to the podium and the class resumes playing. Aang plays a few notes. marching in place, and stops, looking very dismayed at this. Cut to the school yard. Aang is walking through it, and all the other students stop and stare at him, murmuring among themselves.
On Ji says: "Uh, hi, Kuzon."
On Ji says: "I really liked that crazy dance you were doing."
Aang says: "Thanks On Ji."
Aang says: "I could show it to you again if you like."
Aang says: "Ah!"
Hide says: "What'd you say, colony trash?"
Hide says: "You're gonna show her something?"
Aang says: "Just some dance movements."
Hide says: "Nobody shows my On Ji anything, especially movements!"
Hide attempts to strike Aang, but Aang easily steps out of the way. The other students gather around to watch. Hide continues trying to punch at Aang, but he continuously evades with ease, much to Hide's frustration. Aang gets behind Hide's back and moves to the side to match Hide's movements. Aang knocks back Hide by butting him. Hide tries to strike Aang two more times, but Aang slides behind Hide through his legs. Hide tries punching Aang two more times and falls down as Aang side steps and trips him. The Headmaster arrives, and Hide sniffles as he gets up to his knees. He is seen with tears in his eyes as the Headmaster talks.
Headmaster says: "Picking fights on your second day?"
Headmaster says: "We need to have a conference to discuss your punishment."
Headmaster says: "Bring your parents to my office after school."
Aang says: "Parents?"
Headmaster says: "Don't be late!"
The Headmaster walks off and Hide smirks behind his back. Cut to a picture of Ozai, and the camera pans to show the Headmaster sitting at his office.
Headmaster says: "Thank you for coming, Mr."
Headmaster says: "and Mrs..."
Sokka says: "This is my wife, Sapphire."
Katara says: "Sapphire Fire."
Katara says: "Nice to meet you."
Headmaster says: "Mr."
Headmaster says: "and Mrs..."
Headmaster says: "Fire, your son has been enrolled here for two days and he's already causing problems."
Headmaster says: "He's argued with his history teacher, disrupted music class, and roughed up my star pupil."
Katara says: "My goodness!"
Katara says: "That doesn't sound like our Kuzon."
Headmaster says: "That's what any mother would say, Ma'am."
Headmaster says: "Nonetheless, you're forewarned; if he acts up one more time, I'll have him sent to reform school-  by which I mean the coal mines."
Headmaster says: "Are we clear?"
Sokka says: "Don't you worry, Mr."
Sokka says: "Headmaster."
Sokka says: "I'll straighten this boy out somethin' fierce!"
Headmaster says: "That's what I like to hear."
They turn to leave, and the scene cuts to show Zuko and Mai sitting on a cliff side together, watching the sunset.
Mai says: "Orange is such an awful color."
Zuko says: "You're so beautiful when you hate the world."
Mai says: "I don't hate you."
Zuko says: "I don't hate you too."
Azula says: "Ahem."
Azula says: "Zuko, could I have a word with you?"
Zuko says: "Can't you see we're busy?"
Azula says: "Oh Mai, Ty Lee needs your help untangling her braid."
Azula says: "So, I've heard you've been to visit your uncle fatso in the prison tower."
Zuko says: "That guard told you."
Azula says: "No."
Azula says: "You did."
Azula says: "Just now."
Zuko says: "Okay, you caught me."
Zuko says: "What is it that you want, Azula?"
Azula says: "Actually, nothing."
Azula says: "Believe it or not, I'm looking out for you."
Azula says: "If people find out you've been to see Uncle, they'll think you're plotting with him."
Azula says: "Just be careful, Dum-Dum."
Cuts to the cave where the Team is gathered. Momo attempts to pounce on birds, but he misses and they scatter.
Aang says: "I'm not ready to leave yet."
Aang says: "I'm having fun for once, just being a normal kid."
Aang says: "You don't know what it's like, Sokka."
Aang says: "You get to be normal all the time."
Toph says: "Ha ha!"
Aang says: "Listen guys, those kids at school are the future of the Fire Nation."
Aang says: "If we want to change this place for the better, we need to show them a little taste of freedom."
Sokka says: "What could you possibly do for a country of depraved little fire monsters?"
Sokka says: "Go to your room!"
Cut to the cave with candles on the sides. Toph earthbends a stage. Aang puts on his headband.
Sokka says: "I can't believe we're having a dance party."
Sokka says: "It seems so..."
Sokka says: "silly."
Aang says: "Don't think of it as a dance party, but as a cultural event celebrating the art of fancy footwork!"
Cut to a shot outside we see many pairs of feet as the guests arrive. Cut back to Toph.
Toph says: "They're coming!"
Toph says: "Everyone stop bending."
Cut to several kids playing instruments on the earth platforms as the guests filter into the room.
Shoji says: "Now what do we do?"
Aang says: "This is when you start dancing."
Male student #1.
Shyly hiding his face behind his collar. I don't think my parents want me dancing in a cave ...
Male student #2.
Runs in front of the camera. Yeah! What if someone finds out?! Looks around nervously before exiting left.
Aang says: "Oh boy."
Aang says: "Listen guys, dancing isn't something you think about."
Aang says: "It's a form of self-expression that no one can ever take away from you."
Shoji says: "Maybe it was different in the colonies, Kuzon, but we don't do that here."
Aang says: "Sure you do, you have for generations!"
Aang says: "It just so happens that I know several classic Fire Nation dances."
Aang says: "A hundred years ago, this was known as the 'Phoenix Flight'."
Aang says: "And, this was the 'Camelephant Strut'."
Aang jumps from side to side and does a rolls close to two nearby girls as they giggle. Aang finishes the dance with a back flip, landing on one foot. The boys stare in awe at Aang. Cut to Toph and Katara, who drink out of ice cups.
Toph says: "Who knew Twinkle Toes could dance?"
Katara smiles. Cut to Zuko back into Iroh's cell.
Cut back to the cave, where Aang is still dancing, spinning through the air. Aang offers his hand to On Ji, who blushes and accepts. He pulls her to the middle of the room.
Aang says: "And this is how they do it in the ballrooms of Ba Sing Se."
Sokka says: "Wow, they look pretty good together."
Aang says: "Yeah, that's it!"
Aang says: "That's the sound of happy feet."
Aang says: "All right, go with that!"
Aang says: "Everybody freestyle!"
One student dances crazily. Another student, standing amid a group of non-dancers, starts moving his arms and Shoji sways his head with the rhythm. Aang runs over to Katara and holds his hand out to her, inviting her to dance.
Aang says: "Take my hand."
Katara says: "Okay."
He pulls her out into the room and whispers into her ear, and everybody stops to stare at them as the two extend their arms to each other and begin circling each other and performing dance moves.
Katara says: "Aang, everyone's watching."
Aang says: "Don't worry about them."
Aang says: "It's just you and me right now."
Katara blushes as they began to move around each other in an elaborate dance. The dance incorporates different moves including kicks and flips. At one point they come close together as if they are about to kiss, both just smile and continue on. Aang finishes the dance by catching Katara as she leans over his arm. Cut to a close-up view of them smiling at each other as they pant and sweat. The camera cuts to show the Headmaster and several soldiers coming to the cave.
Headmaster says: "It is a dancing party."
Headmaster says: "You did the right thing by telling me, Hide."
Hide says: "Anytime, Headmaster sir."
The camera cuts back to the dancing kids.
Male student #1.
Waving a hand in the air. This is incredible! It's like my inhibitions just disappear! He sees the Headmaster come into the cave, and immediately stops dancing and attempts to shrink into his robes. Okay, they're back again.
Aang continues to dance past as everyone else stops until the Headmaster talks.
Headmaster says: "He's the one we want!"
Headmaster says: "The boy with the headband!"
Aang says: "Uh-oh."
Male soldier #1.
Gotcha! The boy turns, but the guard is confused upon seeing a different boy there.
Shoji says: "Looking for me?"
Cut to the Headmaster and Hide.
Headmaster says: "That's not the one."
Headmaster says: "He's here somewhere."
Headmaster says: "Don't let him leave the cave!"
The Headmaster points toward the back of the cave, Hide imitating him. Cut to two soldiers who continue searching. One soldier sees another kid with a headband, and turns her around. He is again confused upon seeing her face.
On Ji says: "Yes?"
Another soldier sees two more children standing next to each other with headbands and turns them both around.
Male student #2.
Picking his nose. Hi there.
Male student #1.
How're we doing?
The Headmaster sees who he thinks is Aang in the crowd, and goes after him himself. Shoving people out of the way, he scoops up the boy in the crowd.
Female student #1.
Looking for someone?
The Headmaster looks around in horror as he sees all the children are now wearing headbands.
On Ji says: "Who are you looking for?"
Female Student #1.
Do you need something?
Student says: "Over here."
The students completely surround the soldiers and the Headmaster as Aang escapes through the back of the cave. Shoji winks at Aang, who bows in return. Aang leaves and earthbends the back of the cave shut, at which Shoji drops his jaw in astonishment.
Cut to the Headmaster surrounded by guards where two of them have started dancing.
Headmaster says: "Stop that!"
Cut to outside the cave where the team flies away on Appa.
Katara says: "We're safe Sokka, you can take off the mustache now."
Sokka says: "Oh, no I can't."
Sokka says: "It's permanently glued to my skin."
Toph says: "Way to go, dancy pants."
Toph says: "I think you really did help those kids, you taught them to be free."
Aang says: "I don't know, it was just a dance party, that's all."
Katara says: "Well, that was some dance party Aang."
Sokka says: "Flamey-O sir, flamey-O."
Cut to Zuko walking alone in a dark alley. He lowers his hood as a huge man with a metal leg approaches him.
Zuko says: "You're sure you weren't followed?"
Zuko says: "I've heard about you."
Zuko says: "They say you're good at what you do, and even better at keeping secrets."
Zuko says: "The Avatar is alive."
Zuko says: "I want you to find him, and end him."
The man's face is shown. The camera zooms in on a strange third eye tattooed on his forehead. Fade to credits.