The episode opens, depicting a clear, starry night sky, the camera panning downwards to the open sea where Zuko's ship sails through the water. Cut to shot of inside Zuko's bedroom, the camera panning to the right to portray the entirety of the room. Zuko is seen meditating in his cabin, his back to the camera. The glow of the four candles situated on a table steadily increases and decreases in time with the prince's relaxed inhalations and exhalations. Cut to frontal shot of Zuko sitting peacefully with his eyes closed, the four candles in view, continually brightening and dimming. Cut to side-view shot of Zuko's head, the door to his cabin in view. Iroh cracks open the door and peeks through while Zuko opens his eyes.
Zuko says: "The only reason you should be interrupting me, is if you have news about the Avatar."
Iroh says: "Well, there is news, Prince Zuko, but you might not like it."
Iroh says: "Don't get too upset."
Zuko says: "Uncle, you taught me that keeping a level head is a sign of a great leader."
Zuko says: "Now, whatever you have to say, I'm sure I can take it."
Iroh says: "We have no idea where he is."
The flames of the candles suddenly erupt in a fiery mass, brushing the ceiling and obscuring Zuko from sight.
Zuko says: "What!"
Zuko says: "?"
Cut to a wider shot of the room as Zuko rises to his feet, enraged. Iroh shields his face from the flames, and merely withdraws a fan from his robe and begins waving it to cool himself down.
Iroh says: "You really should open a window in here."
Iroh says: "Well, there have been multiple sightings of the Avatar, but he is impossible to track down."
Zuko says: "He is clearly a master of evasive maneuvering."
The shot of his map fades to a shot of the team's own map, minus the zigzagged lines, Sokka holding it in his hands. Cut to shot of him pouring over the map and questioning Aang's navigational skills.
Sokka says: "You have no idea where you're going, do you?"
Cut to shot of the entire group mounted on Appa. The siblings are riding in his saddle while Aang sits atop his head, looking back. Appa's fur seems dirty and disordered.
Aang says: "Well..."
Aang says: "I know it's near water."
Scene cut to overhead view of Appa flying over a vast body of water.
Sokka says: "I guess we're getting close then."
Cut to shot of Katara, who is preoccupied with sewing a hole in Sokka's pants, Aang glancing over at her from atop Appa's head, Momo perched on his shoulder. He concocts an idea to impress her.
Aang says: "Momo, marbles please."
Aang says: "Hey Katara, check out this airbending trick!"
Using airbending, Aang manages to spin the two marbles quickly along an equatorial plane as he grins happily. Cut to side-view of Aang and Katara, Katara taking no notice and continues to sew.
Katara says: "That's great, Aang."
Aang says: "You didn't even look."
Katara says: "That's great!"
Aang says: "But I'm not doing it now."
Sokka says: "Stop bugging her, airhead."
Sokka says: "You need to give girls space when they do their sewing."
Katara says: "What does me being a girl have to do with sewing?"
Sokka says: "It's just the natural order of things."
Katara says: "And look what a great job I did!"
Katara angrily tosses the pants in his direction. Cut to shot of Sokka as the pair of pants hit him in the face, covering it. He quickly scrambles to free himself.
Sokka says: "I can't wear these!"
Sokka says: "Katara, please!"
Aang says: "Relax, Sokka."
Aang says: "Where we're going, you won't need any pants."
Aang yanks Appa's reins to the left, his tongue sticking out of the corner of his mouth. Appa picks up speed as he flies right passed the camera. Cut to an overview shot of an island covered with mountains. Switch to a far off shot of a beach, where Appa has landed and Team Avatar has dismounted.
Sokka says: "We just made a pit stop yesterday."
Sokka says: "Shouldn't we get a little more flying done before we camp out?"
Katara says: "He's right."
Katara says: "At this rate, we won't get to the North Pole until spring."
Aang says: "But Appa's tired, aren't you boy?"
Appa does not react at all apart from a mild grunt, which comes across less than convincing.
Aang says: "I said, aren't you boy?"
Appa puts slightly more enthusiasm behind his response the second time by grunting louder and opening up his mouth wide as if he was yawning.
Sokka says: "Still, hard to argue with a ten-ton magical monster."
Aang says: "Look!"
Cut to an overview shot of the bay. Aang is standing on the beach, pointing and looking at the water where an elephant koi jumps out the water and back in, creating a giant splash. Switch to a shot of the two siblings staring in awe at the giant fish. Cut to a view from behind Sokka and Katara with Aang visible between the back of their heads.
Aang says: "Elephant koi, and I'm gonna ride it."
Aang says: "Katara, you've got to watch me!"
Cut to a side-view of the coastline as Aang runs up and dives in. As soon as he submerges, he jumps out again.
Aang says: "Cold!"
Switch to Katara and Sokka, still standing on shore, they exchange glances while Appa walks away, clearly taking interest in something else. Sokka makes a circular motion with his left hand around near his left temple, signaling to his sister that he thinks Aang is crazy. Cut back to Aang who is swimming toward the deep waters of the bay where the koi fish are. He dives under and immediately appears again, now holding on to the back fin of one of these giant animals as it jumps out of the water before diving again. Cut back to the siblings. Katara smiles broadly and impressed at the sight of Aang riding the koi fish while Sokka stares at the scene with an uninterested look upon his face and his arms crossed. Cut to a broader view, Sokka and Katara are with their back toward the camera. Momo is jumping excitedly up and down as Aang's koi fish reappears again.
Aang says: "Hahaha, hahaha!"
Katara says: "Whooh!"
Switch to a frontal view of Aang riding the koi. Two other koi jump out of the water behind him to the left and right. Aang is still laughing loud with excitement as they race through the water. Cut to an overview shot of the bay as the three koi playfully jump out the water before diving. Switch to an underwater shot of Aang and the fish. Cut to a shot of Katara and Sokka on the beach. Momo is still excitedly jumping up and down while Katara addresses her brother who still has his arms crossed.
Katara says: "He looks pretty good out there."
Sokka says: "The fish is doing all the work."
Switch back to a widely smiling Aang atop the fish, presumably in an attempt to impress Katara. Switches to off the shore from his perspective as Katara runs off inland. Close-up of Aang's disappointed face.
Aang says: "Oh man..."
Cuts to overhead shot of the water, the backs of the three koi fish in view. Two koi fish suddenly change direction, including Aang's, swerving to the bottom-right of the screen, leaving behind one koi fish that continues to race forward. The camera pans up, the dark shadow of a large body appears beneath the water's surface directly behind the koi fish. Switch to a close shot of Sokka.
Sokka says: "There's something in the water!"
Cut to shot of one koi fish as it attempts to leap out of the water only to be pulled back under the surface by something unknown. Cut to a frontal shot of Aang still surfing on the koi fish's back, smiling widely, unaware of the danger. Katara reappears next to her brother again while Momo is screeching in alarm.
Katara says: "What's wrong?"
Sokka says: "Aang's in trouble."
Sokka says: "Aang!"
Katara says: "Get out of there!"
Cut to Aang who grips the dorsal fin of the fish, his smile having now faded. He looks surprised at the commotion on the shore. Cut to shot of the shore from his perspective, Katara and Sokka motioning for him to exit the water by flailing their arms and calling to him from far away.
Sokka says: "Get back here, Aang!"
Switch back to a shot of Aang, who, believing them to be cheering him on, waves only to suddenly be hurled off the koi fish, into the water when the koi fish is being pulled under.
Aang says: "Whaaaahh!"
Aang says: "Aaaah!"
Cut to wide-open shot of the lake, Aang plunging into the water as the koi fish he was mounted atop disappears under the water. Cut to Aang who resurfaces and gasps for breath as the massive dorsal fin of the unknown creature emerges from the surface directly behind him. Cut a wider shot of entire dorsal fin and a shot of Aang who turns around, suddenly alarmed by the sight.
Aang says: "Whaaaahh!"
Cut to wide-view shot of the lake, the dorsal fin of the creature swerving off to the side as Aang uses airbending to run across the surface of the lake at lightning speed. Cut to a frontal shot of a heavily panting Aang fleeing the scene, his feet treading water, the creature following him in hot pursuit. Cut to overhead shot of the lake, Aang a mere speck in the water, a trail of white foam behind him, the creature gaining on him. Cut to shot of Sokka and Katara standing on the shore. Sokka suddenly grows alarmed as Aang collides straight into him, having reached the shore safely. Cut to shot of the entire lake and shore as the dorsal fin of the creature disappears beneath the surface. Katara runs to where her brother and Aang have come to a halt. Cut to shot of Sokka leaning against a tree trunk, a trail marking where his body slid across the ground. Aang is seen dressing himself as Katara and Momo approach the two.
Katara says: "What was that thing?"
Aang says: "I don't know."
Sokka says: "Well, let's not stick around to find out."
Sokka says: "Time to hit the road."
The camera pans upward to where several female warriors clad in green kimonos descend from the treetops ambushing the trio. The women quickly encircle the group and take them out. Cut to Sokka who is being pulled back and knocked over. Switch to a shot of Katara with Aang in the background. Katara is pulled by her arm. As she leans in to maintain her balance, someone pulls her parka over her head and pulls her down. Aang is distracted by Katara's struggles, giving the opportunity to another female warrior to grab him by his collar. Momo flies up screeching from his shoulder, only to be quickly caught in a bag, only his head still protruding. Cut to a shot of the ground when a bound and blindfolded Momo, Aang, Katara, and Sokka are thrown on the ground in a line, each grunting when they hit the ground. They are surrounded by the female warriors.
Sokka says: "Or, we could stay a while."
The camera switches to a shot of the beginning of a snowy path. The camera pans up, revealing that the path leads to a village in the distance. Cut to a shot of the back of a man while the scene pans to the left. The man addresses Aang, Sokka, and Katara who are still blindfolded and tied to a large wooden pole. The bagged Momo stands on the ground in front of Aang.
Oyaji says: "You three have some explaining to do."
The camera moves even further to the left, revealing the back of one of the woman dressed in green that ambushed the group earlier.
Suki says: "And if you don't answer all our questions, we're throwing you back in the water with Unagi."
Sokka says: "Show yourselves, cowards!"
A gloved hand, the forearm dressed in a leather band with a gold insignia on top of it, removes the blindfold. The scene switches to Sokka's point of view. Five girls in green kimonos and wearing white and red face paint are standing in front of him. Cut to a side-view shot, panning to the right.
Sokka says: "Who are you?"
Sokka says: "Where are the men who ambushed us?"
Suki says: "There were no men."
Suki says: "We ambushed you."
Suki says: "Now tell us, who are you and what are you doing here?"
Sokka says: "there's no way that a bunch of girls took us down."
Suki says: "A bunch of girls, huh?"
Suki says: "Unagi is gonna eat well tonight."
Aang says: "It's my fault."
Aang says: "I'm sorry we came here."
Aang says: "I wanted to ride the elephant koi."
Oyaji says: "Fire Nation spies?"
Oyaji says: "Kyoshi stayed out of the war so far."
Oyaji says: "And we intend to keep it that way!"
Aang says: "This island is named for Kyoshi?"
Aang says: "I know Kyoshi!"
Oyaji says: "Ha!"
Oyaji says: "How could you possibly know her?"
Switch to Oyaji's point of view as the camera pans up. At the top of the wooden pole stands a statue of a tall woman holding two stretched open fans. She is dressed in a similar outfit as the female warriors that ambushed the group.
Oyaji says: "Avatar Kyoshi was born here four hundred years ago."
Oyaji says: "She's been dead for centuries."
Aang says: "I know her because I'm the Avatar."
Cut to a shot of Suki and Oyaji with the other Kyoshi Warriors standing in the background. Oyaji looks shocked at Aang's revelation.
Suki says: "That's impossible!"
Suki says: "The last Avatar was an airbender who disappeared a hundred years ago."
Aang says: "That's me!"
Oyaji says: "Throw the impostor to Unagi!"
Suki and the rest of her warriors immediately retract their metal fans from out of their belts and slid them open. Ready to counter any sudden attack, they threateningly start to move forward and surround the bound friends. Cut to a close shot of Katara as she leans forward in the ropes, glancing to her right where Aang is bound to the pole.
Katara says: "Aang..."
Katara says: "do some airbending."
The camera pans to the left, passing Sokka who is looking at the female warriors, his mouth open in shock and stopping at Aang who looks questioningly at Katara for a moment. Cut to an overview shot of the scene as Aang bends over before pushing himself off the ground. He leaves a large dust cloud as he shoots in the air, stretching out his ropes, using one of the outstretched fans of the statue to snap them in half. Now completely free of his bonds, he tumbles elegantly over the statue.
Spectators says: "Wow!"
Spectators says: "Did you see that?"
Spectators says: "Airbender!"
Aang lands gently on the ground in front of the surprised crowd, his robes still fluttering in the air. Oyaji and the Kyoshi Warriors stare at him in shock. A lot more people have gather around to see what is going on. Unlike the female warriors, Oyaji and the other civilians are dressed in blue.
Oyaji says: "It's true..."
Oyaji says: "you are the Avatar!"
Aang says: "check this out!"
He performs his trick again, letting the marbles spins around really fast between his hands. Grinning and blinking like a fool, he looks at the crowd, hoping to impress them. Cut to the cheering crowd. A young man in the front starts to emit a high pitched squeal while widely tossing his hands up in the air in admiration. He gets so overexcited that he starts to foam, fall toward the camera, and faints; the rest of the villagers just keep on cheering.
Cut to a side-view of the harbor of Kyoshi island, where one of the village girls runs up a dock toward a fisherman who is fiddling with his basket of fish.
Little girl says: "The Avatar's on Kyoshi!"
Fisherman says: "Huh?"
The fisherman picks his basket up again and turns around. The scene fades over to a scene in a street where the fisherman delivers the basket to the fishmonger while passing on the news of the Avatar's whereabouts. The fishmonger turns around and the scene fades away again to another scene where the fishmonger sells one of the fish to a servant, dressed in Fire Nation red. He too passes on the news. When the servant turns around, the scene fades to inside Zuko's ship where the servant is serving the cooked fish at the table of Zuko and Iroh. Cut to a frontal view of Zuko as he quickly stands up.
Zuko says: "Uncle, ready the rhinos."
Zuko says: "He's not getting away from me this time."
Iroh says: "Are you going to finish that?"
Zuko says: "I was going to save it for later!"
Zuko leaves the room under the watchful eye of Iroh. As soon as Zuko is out of the screen, Iroh crosses his arms, turns around, and sulks.
The shot switches to a close-up of Kyoshi's statue's wooden face as it is being repainted. The right side of her face is already done and the previous cracks are not visible anymore. The painter carefully reapplies her left eyebrow with black paint. A back view shot of the statue shows the main street of Kyoshi village with houses at both sides and one bigger house at the end of the street. Another villager is cleaning the back of the statue with a broom. The camera pans to the right until the big house becomes the center of the shot before cutting to a shot of Appa who lazily lies on his side, eating hay while two villagers are grooming him. He growls and chews while the camera pans the left and up to focus on three open windows of the main house on the first floor. Cut to a side-view of inside the house where Aang, Katara, and Momo are sitting at a long table. A villager places another dish on the already richly filled table. Aang and Momo are very excited to see the display of decadent desserts in front of it, but Katara supports an uneasy look.
Aang says: "All right!"
Aang says: "Dessert for breakfast!"
Katara pokes one of the squishy looking, orange puffs with a flat top in front of her. Cut to a frontal view of the two as a doubtful Katara picks up and closely investigates the dessert she just pokes. Aang on the other hand does not share her reluctance and starts stuffing his face, two desserts at once.
Aang says: "These people sure know  how to treat an Avatar!"
Katara still is not convinced about the deliciousness of the dessert she is holding. Glances at Aang.
Aang says: "Katara you've got to try these!"
Katara says: "Well, maybe just a bite."
Momo sneaks up to Aang and snatches the dessert out of his other hand and quickly dashes away, who smiles at his pet. He does not let the theft bother him and quickly gabs another dessert in front of him while Katara munches down the piece of cake and reaches across the table for the same dessert Aang just took. Aang glances to his left, over the hunched Katara to Sokka. Momo appears between Aang and Katara and quickly snatches another cupcake from the table before vanishing underneath it.
Aang says: "Sokka, what's your problem?"
Aang says: "Eat!"
Cut to Sokka who is sitting in a corner, walking with his arms crossed while staring in front of him.
Sokka says: "Not hungry."
Aang says: "But you're always hungry!"
Cut to a wide shot of the room, Aang in front, Sokka in the back. It is shown that the amount of desserts has dwindled severely.
Katara says: "He's just upset because a bunch of girls kicked his butt yesterday."
Sokka says: "They snuck up on me!"
Katara says: "Right."
Katara says: "And then they kicked your butt."
Cut to a wider shot of the table. Momo is lying underneath the table with his front paws around a bunch a pastries he collected. He is chewing while Sokka angrily stands up in the background.
Sokka says: "Mmm..."
Sokka says: "this is tasty."
Front view of Aang and Katara. In the back villagers are still working on beautifying the statue of Kyoshi. Aang is still holding one of the sweets as he looks at Katara.
Aang says: "What's he so angry about?"
Aang says: "It's great here."
Aang says: "They're giving us the royal treatment!"
Katara says: "Hey, don't get too comfortable."
Katara says: "It's risky for us to stay in one place for very long."
Momo's arm comes into view from underneath the table. He scans the table for new pastries to snatch.
Aang says: "They're even cleaning up that statue in my honor!"
Katara says: "Well, it's nice to see you excited about being the Avatar."
Katara says: "I just hope it doesn't all go to your head."
Aang says: "Come on, you know me better than that."
Aang says: "I'm just a simple monk."
Aang gets up and leans on the window sill so he can look better outside. As soon as he emerges, the villagers scream with delight and admiration for him. Aang looks down in surprise to see where the sound came from. The camera switches to his point of view and reveals a bunch a little girls cheering for him; Koko is among them in the front row. The camera cuts back to Aang who flashes a broad smile at the girls while blushing. Katara is standing behind him with her arms crossed in disapproval. She rolls her eyes and makes a raspberry.
The shot changes to a side-view of a brownish-red bridge over a small creek. Aang quickly runs over it from the right to the left, trailed by four screaming fangirls. They run out of the picture, but Aang quickly comes back and traverses the bridge again, now from left to right. The girls are still following him, screaming loudly with the same amount of enthusiasm. They run out of the picture again, but once again, Aang runs back in. He runs up the bridge, but halts in the middle, looking from left to right as he sees that hordes of fangirls are trapping him on the bridge as they run up from both sides. Before they can reach him, the airbender leaps in the air. Cut to a closer shot of the girls in the middle of the bridge as they are still screaming and reaching for the sky. They gasp for air in admiration when they see that Aang is suspended in the air by clinging to an airball. The ball, however, slowly reduces in size until it vanishes completely. Aang looks scared as he drops down into the crowd of little girl who happily catch him.
Switch to a shot of Aang and Koko standing serene with a waterfall in the background. A painter is measuring their proportions with his brush. Aang and Koko are obscured from sight as the artist raises his canvas and starts painting the outlines of Koko.
Painter says: "well that..."
The painter lowers his canvas again and discovers that Aang is now surrounded by sixteen little girls. The camera switches to the annoyed face of the painter. As he stares at his models, his brush drips on his painting. Close shot of Aang and the fangirls as they all push and pull to be as close to Aang as possible. They are all smiling widely and giggling while Aang looks somewhat horrified by all the girls around him. A side-view of the scene shows that some girls are completely leaning on others in order to have a spot on the painting. The painter gets up and walks away without saying a word, while the tower of people crashes under its own weight.
Switch to a shot of Aang and his fangirls back in the village. A frontal shot of the monk shows that he is doing push-ups while Momo is sitting on his back and his fangirls have lined up in a semi-circle behind him. After three push-ups, Aang starts to do one handed push-ups and soon switches to no handed push-ups, but pushing himself up with his airbending. The girls stare at him in admiration. Cut to a wider view as Katara walks past carrying a basket. A look of disapproval dons her face as she keeps on walking without even glancing at the Avatar.
Cut to a shot of a small house surrounded by trees. Sokka walks up to it.
Sokka says: "I can't believe I got beat up by a bunch of girls."
Inside the house, six Kyoshi Warriors are training. They are performing a routing with a fan in perfect unison. Sokka peeks his head around the door to look at them. He smiles smugly and enters.
Sokka says: "I was just looking for somewhere to get a little workout?"
Suki says: "Sorry about yesterday."
Suki says: "I didn't know that you were friends with the Avatar."
Sokka says: "I mean, normally I'd hold a grudge, but seeing as you guys are a bunch of girls, I'll make an exception."
Suki says: "I should hope so."
Suki says: "A big strong man like you?"
Suki says: "We wouldn't stand a chance."
Sokka says: "True."
Sokka says: "But don't feel bad."
Sokka says: "After all, I'm the best warrior in my village."
Suki says: "Maybe you'd be kind enough to give us a little demonstration."
Sokka says: "Oh..."
Sokka says: "Well..."
Sokka says: "I mean..."
Sokka says: "I..."
Suki says: "Come on, girls!"
Suki says: "Wouldn't you like him to show us some moves?"
The camera switches position and shows the other female warrior giggling and smiling in agreement. Switch back to a side-view of Sokka and Suki.
Sokka says: "Well, if that's what you want, I'd be happy to."
Sokka says: "All right, you stand over there."
Sokka says: "Now, this may be a little tough, but try to block me."
While he is talking, Sokka takes on a fighting stance while Suki has not moved a muscle from the position Sokka has put her in. Sokka bends through his knees and attacks the female warrior by trying to punch her. Suki does not move, but easily defends herself by bringing up her left arm and thrusting her closed fan against Sokka's shoulder. His cries out in pain and staggers backward.
Sokka says: "Aw!"
Sokka says: "Heh heh..."
Sokka says: "Good."
Sokka says: "Of course, I was going easy on you."
Suki says: "Of course."
Cut to a side-view. Sokka is clearly annoyed and angered by Suki's arrogant facial expression.
Sokka says: "handle this!"
Suki quickly dodges under Sokka's outstretched leg and pushes him off balance. When the Water Tribe warrior lands flat on his back with a loud thud, Suki lazily opens her fans to wave herself some air. Sokka, a little shocked by his second failure, loses his temper at the sight of Suki's defiant posture.
Sokka says: "That does it!"
He gets up and madly charges her again. Suki quickly closes her fan and moves out of Sokka's way. She grabs him by the arm with her right hand, while she pushes against his shoulder with her left hand, quickly spinning him around. After two turns, she switches position and spins Sokka in the other direction. Close-up of Sokka's distressed face as he is powerlessly being tossed around. Switch to a wider shot as Suki suddenly halts Sokka so he topples forward. Before falling down, Suki loosens Sokka's belt and ties his left hand to his right foot behind his back in one swift movement. Sokka tries so maintain his balance for a while by jumping on one leg, but it is not long before he loses footage and smacks down flat on his face.
Suki says: "Anything else you want to teach us?"
Sokka blushes in humiliation as the Kyoshi Warriors laugh at him.
Switch to an overview of Kyoshi Village where Aang and his fangirls are standing before Kyoshi's statue. The camera slowly moves toward the group before changing to a bird view of Aang and the girls that are looking up at the statue. One girl to the right of Aang is carrying a passed out Momo.
Aang says: "There she is, girls."
Aang says: "Me in a past life."
Scene switches to a frog view of the statue.
Fangirls says: "Ooohhh..."
Koko says: "You were pretty!"
Aang turns to look at her with a wondering look upon his face. He looks at the rest of his fangirls like he is searching for someone.
Aang says: "Excuse me for a second, ladies."
The girls do not say anything, but there cheerful expression changes to one of disappointment.
The scene switches to a frontal view of Katara who filling a pot with groceries. Aang comes up behind her, smiling, and gives her a gentle poke to get her attention.
Katara says: "It's a little heavy."
Aang says: "Actually, I can't right now."
Katara says: "What do you mean, "you can't?"
Aang says: "I promised the girls I'd give them a ride on Appa."
Aang says: "Why don't you come with us?"
Aang says: "It'll be fun!"
Katara says: "Watching you show off for a bunch of girls does not sound like fun."
Aang says: "Well, neither does carrying your basket."
Katara says: "It's not my basket."
Katara says: "These supplies are for our trip."
Katara says: "I told you, we have to leave Kyoshi soon."
Aang says: "but there's something I really like about this place."
The fangirls giggle. Shot switches to a closer shot of the girls.
Koko says: "What's taking you so long, Aangy?"
Cut back to Aang and Katara; the former enthusiastically waves back at his awaiting fangirls, while the latter raises an eyebrow at the scene.
Katara says: "Aangy..."
Aang says: "Just a second, Koko!"
Katara says: "I thought you promised me that this Avatar stuff wouldn't go to your head."
Aang says: "It didn't."
Aang says: "You know what I think?"
Aang says: "You just don't want to come because you're jealous."
Katara says: "Of what?"
Cut to a broader shot. Aang moves back slightly, when an irritated Katara resumes to ferociously stuff the basket with more fruits.
Aang says: "Jealous that we're having so much fun without you."
Katara says: "That's ridiculous."
Aang says: "It is a little ridiculous, but I understand."
Katara turns to Aang, towering over him with her hands trust in her sides, like she is about to come down on him, but reconsiders.
Katara says: "Urch!"
She grabs the heavy basket and staggers away, while Aang's fangirls run on screen and crowd around him, pulling him backward out of the screen.
Scene switches to Sokka who is standing outside of the Kyoshi Warriors' training hut. He kicks away a rock before turning toward the dojo. Cut to a shot from inside the dojo where Suki shows a movement that is copied by the eight other warriors behind here. Sokka walks in and the Kyoshi Warriors interrupt their training to face him.
Sokka says: "Uh..."
Sokka says: "Hey, Suki."
Suki says: "Hoping for another dance lesson?"
Sokka says: "No..."
Sokka says: "I..."
Sokka says: "well, let me explain."
Suki says: "Spit it out!"
Suki says: "What do you want?"
Sokka says: "I would be honored if you would teach me."
Suki says: "Even if I'm a girl?"
Sokka says: "I'm sorry if I insulted you earlier."
Sokka says: "I was..."
Sokka says: "wrong."
Suki says: "We normally don't teach outsiders, let alone boys."
Sokka says: "I won't let you down."
Suki says: "All right."
Suki says: "But you have to follow all of our traditions."
Sokka says: "Of course!"
Suki says: "And I mean all of them."
The episode jumps to a few moments later when Sokka is standing in the dojo donned in the typical green dress of the Kyoshi Warriors and sporting the white face paint.
Sokka says: "girly."
Suki says: "It's a warrior's uniform, you should be proud."
Suki says: "The silk threads symbolize the brave blood that flows through our veins."
Suki says: "The gold insignia represents the honor of the warrior's heart."
Cut back to a broader shot, Sokka looking more comfortable wearing "a dress." Aang passes by the front door looking in with interest while Sokka proudly erects himself.
Sokka says: "Bravery and honor."
Aang says: "Nice dress!"
Suki turns to Aang, who speeds away, and looks back to the embarrassed Sokka with a content and broader smile on her face.
Cut to an outside-view of Aang walking through town. Switch to a close-up of a small cup filled with water. Katara is sitting beside it and moving her left hand over the cup, bending the water inside it. The camera follows the rising of the water and the scene changes to a broader view of the room. Katara is looking concentrated at the water when Aang walks in. She moves the plume of water up and down, right and left.
Aang says: "Katara, remember how Unagi almost got me yesterday?"
Katara says: "Yeah."
Aang says: "Well, I'm gonna go ride it now."
Aang says: "It's gonna be real dangerous."
Katara says: "Good for you."
Aang says: "You're not going to stop me?"
Katara says: "Nope."
Katara says: "Have fun."
Aang says: "I will."
Katara says: "Great."
Aang says: "I know it's great."
Katara says: "I'm glad you know."
Aang says: "I'm glad you're glad."
Aang says: "Fine!"
Aang angrily turns around to walk out of the door. Before he leaves, however, he already glances back to Katara with a sorrowful expression on his face. Right after he leaves the room, Katara crosses her arms in protection and glances at the door, looking sad as well. She turns her head and raises her eyes in a combination of annoyance and regret.
Cut to a bird view shot of inside the Kyoshi Warriors' training dojo where Sokka is performing some exercises with a fan under the watchful eyes of Suki.
Suki says: "You're not going to master it in one day."
Suki says: "Even I'm not that good."
Sokka says: "I think I'm starting to get it."
Close-up of Sokka as he performs a series of well executed moves with his fan.
Sokka says: "Tah!"
As a last move, he closes the fan on throws it out of the dojo. The object flies straight into a tree, knocking down some of snow that had gathered on its branches.
Suki says: "Wait for an opening and then..."
Suki charges Sokka, but he manages to evade her attack and uses the momentum of her speed against her, knocking her on her behind, much to her surprise.
Sokka says: "Hmm..."
Suki says: "I fell on purpose to make you feel better!"
Sokka says: "I got you!"
Sokka says: "Admit I got you!"
Suki grabs Sokka's pointing finger and twists it, making Sokka twitch and grunt in pain.
Suki says: "Okay, it was a lucky shot."
Suki says: "Let's see if you can do it again."
Camera moves to an overview shot as the two warriors prepare to battle again. Suki opens her fan threateningly and starts to circle around Sokka.
Cut to a back view scene of Aang swimming in the water, while his troop of fangirls can be seen on the shore in the background. Switch to a close shot of the six girls, either sitting or lying on the shore in boredom.
Koko says: "What's taking so long?"
Aang says: "What about this?"
Aang takes out his marbles and spins them around between his hands with his airbending, smiling hopefully.
Little Girl says: "Not that again."
Little Girl says: "Boring!"
Koko says: "Where's Unagi?"
Koko says: "It's getting late."
Aang says: "Where're you going?"
Aang says: "Don't leave!"
Koko says: "Sorry, Aang!"
Koko says: "Maybe next time."
As the girls leave, the camera moves to a close-up of a disappointed Aang. He lowers himself to be partially under the water and starts blowing bubbles. Switch to a shot of the shore, where the last of the girls is leaving, but their place is taken by Katara who just arrived. Aang jumps up from the water and smiles.
Aang says: "Katara!"
Aang says: "You showed up!"
Katara says: "I wanted to make sure you were safe."
Katara says: "You really had me worried."
Aang says: "Back there you acted like you didn't care."
Katara says: "I'm sorry."
Aang says: "Me too."
Aang says: "I did let all that attention go to my head."
Aang says: "I was being a jerk."
Katara says: "Well, get out of the water before you catch a cold, you big jerk!"
Aang says: "On my way!"
Side-view of Aang swimming to the shore, when suddenly a giant dorsal fin appears from out of the water behind him. Close-up of Katara as her eyes open in shock and she draws a sharp breath in horror. Cut back to Aang, who is, still oblivious to the danger behind him, swimming toward her with a smile on his face. Suddenly Aang is swept away by a wave and lifted out of the water, while he is screaming in panic. He looks around to find himself sitting on the back of Unagi as the monstrous eel erects itself before him, and directs a powerful jet of water to him. Aang withstands the water by holding on to one of the smaller dorsal fins of Unagi. The animal charges Aang and tries to eat him, but Aang narrowly escapes by catching one of Unagi's whiskers. Screaming his lungs out, he dangles from side to side in from of the big green eye of Unagi.
Cut to a shot from inside Unagi's mouth, looking out as Aang comes to a halt right in front of him. The enormous tongue moves from side to side in anticipation of the meal. Cut to a broader shot of the two as Unagi suddenly and violently moves his head in all directions, trying to snatch Aang of his whisker.
Katara says: "Hang on, Aang!"
Close-up of a terrified Aang as he holds on to the whisker for dear life. Unagi tosses him some more from side to side, and Aang finally lets go from the force and speed of the throw. He is thrown through the air, still screaming loudly, and smacks in the water, not so far from where Katara is standing on the shore. He emerges back to the surface, clearly unconscious with his tongue out of his mouth. The camera pans up to show a heavily panting and fully clothed Katara entering the water.
Katara says: "Aang!"
Unagi shrieks and dives under to get to his unconscious prey. Close-up of a worried Katara who is moving toward Aang through the water as fast as she can. The camera switches between shots of a rapidly approaching shadow underneath the water of Unagi, and a heavily panting Katara in her frantic effort to reach Aang before the eel. The moment Katara reaches Aang and takes him into her arm, Unagi emerges right in front of them. In an attempt to get away, Katara violently pushes the water, propelling herself and Aang backward with her waterbending; at the same time, Unagi snatches the water where they were just moments before. Although missing the duo, the impact of Unagi's attack creates a giant wave that slams Katara and Aang back to the rocks on shore. Angered, the animal spews power streams of water to the rocks before submerging again.
Katara says: "Zuko!"
Close-up of the fast approaching ship of the banished prince. A side-view shows that the ship reaches shore at the same moment Unagi's large dorsal fin submerges completely underneath the water. Closer shot when the ship's walkway is lowered; a frontal shot of three riders mounted on komodo rhino's, with Zuko in the lead.
Zuko says: "I want the Avatar alive."
Katara crawls up some rocks to have a better view of the approaching prince and his soldiers. Switch to a scene of the sky that quickly pans down to reveal how Zuko and his man ride past Katara and Aang's hiding place. Katara protectively covers the body of the still unconscious Aang, while worriedly looking up and hearing the riders move past. When she is certain the riders have pass, Katara lays Aang on his back.
Katara says: "Wake up, Aang!"
She looks around for a while before starting to move her left hand over his chest, while supporting his head with her right. She moves her hand from his chest to his mouth, and bends out the water he had swallowed.
Aang says: "don't ride Unagi."
Aang says: "Not fun."
Cut to an outside shot of the Kyoshi Warriors' dojo. Inside Suki and Sokka are still training. Momo is hanging by his tail on one of the support beams of the roof. He has a collection of sweets with him which he is eating while watching the duo below him train. The camera moves closer to the duo on the ground, where Suki thrusts her hand, holding the fan forward, only to have it blocked by Sokka.
Suki says: "Not bad."
Sokka smiles back at her with confidence, when suddenly Oyaji appears in the door.
Oyaji says: "Girls, come quickly!"
Sokka says: "oh, whatever!"
Sokka runs out of the room.
The camera pans up to show the deserted main street of the village. Zuko and three other soldiers mounted on komodo rhinos are standing at the base of the Kyoshi statue.
Zuko says: "Find him."
As Zuko gives the command, the camera follows how the other three rhinos move into town. Cut to a shot of a fan being opened on a nearby roof. Cut to a side shot of two rhinos with their riders as one of the Kyoshi Warriors quickly passes them by behind some houses. Cut to a frontal view of the three rhinos, before switching to a shot of the running feet of a Kyoshi Warrior atop a snowy roof. When she pushes herself off, the scene switches to a frog view of the three rhinos and there riders as three Kyoshi Warriors come jumping toward them from atop nearby roofs, knocking off some of the riders. A Kyoshi Warriors lands in front of the lead rhino and opens her fans. The rider stabs at her with his spear. She moves to the right, disarms the rider, and jumps up to knock him off his steed with a spinning kick. Suki can be seen running past in the background.
Cut to a frontal view of a concentrated Suki while she runs toward Zuko. Switch to a back view of Suki, who moves to the left to avoid a fire blast of the prince. She jumps over another blast and tries to attack Zuko from the air, but he turns his rhino. The beast slams Suki away with a might sweep of his tail, knocking her down. Zuko shoots a fire blast at the downed warrior, but right before it would have burned her, Sokka jumps before her and decimates the flames with a sweep of his fan. Sokka prepares to fight Zuko, but before he can do anything, another Kyoshi Warrior jumps of a nearby roof and knocks a surprised Zuko of his rhino; the beast dashes away.
Sokka says: "I guess training's over."
Sokka glances at Suki before running to the downed prince. Close-up of Zuko angrily opening his eyes. The camera moves back to reveal how Sokka, Suki, and the other Kyoshi Warrior all take on a fighting stance. Zuko pushes himself up and rapidly spins around on his hand while shooting fire out of his feet, knocking the Kyoshi Warrior back into the house and slamming Suki against a wooden pole, where she collapses in pain. Zuko proceeds with a low fire kick in Sokka's direction. The Water Tribe Warrior jumps over the fire, but as soon as he lands again, Zuko sweeps his feet from underneath him. Sokka falls in his back, and Zuko jumps over him to the middle of the street. He angrily looks around. Camera moves back to reveal the completely deserted street.
Zuko says: "Nice try, Avatar!"
Zuko says: "But these little girls can't save you."
Aang says: "Hey!"
Aang says: "Over here!"
Zuko turns around. Close-up of a determined Aang standing at the beginning of the main street, holding his staff in front of him like he is challenging the prince.
Zuko says: "Finally!"
Zuko commences by sending two fire balls in Aang's direction. Back view of Aang as he prepares to face the incoming says: "a lot of burning houses and the Fire Nation troops among them."
burning projectiles. He ducks underneath the first says: "a lot of burning houses and the Fire Nation troops among them."
uses his staff to decimate the next fire ball. He rapidly spins the staff over his head says: "a lot of burning houses and the Fire Nation troops among them."
propelling himself in the air. He lands in front of Zuko says: "a lot of burning houses and the Fire Nation troops among them."
who immediately kicks the staff out of his hands. Aang jumps up says: "a lot of burning houses and the Fire Nation troops among them."
lands between two fans of a Kyoshi Warrior that are lying on the ground. He stands up says: "a lot of burning houses and the Fire Nation troops among them."
picks us the fan with his airbending. Close-up of Zuko says: "a lot of burning houses and the Fire Nation troops among them."
who madly charges Aang with his fist already held stretched out before him. Aang spins around a few times to create a bigger momentum says: "a lot of burning houses and the Fire Nation troops among them."
uses the extra power of his swirl to blast Zuko in a nearby house with a strong blast of air. Aang looks sad says: "a lot of burning houses and the Fire Nation troops among them."
lowers the fans. He runs down the main street says: "a lot of burning houses and the Fire Nation troops among them."
picks up his staff along the way. Aang tosses the object in the air says: "a lot of burning houses and the Fire Nation troops among them."
where it snaps open into his glider says: "a lot of burning houses and the Fire Nation troops among them."
jumps on. A close-up of a saddened Aang says: "a lot of burning houses and the Fire Nation troops among them."
switches to the scene he is seeing says: "a lot of burning houses and the Fire Nation troops among them."
Zuko commences by sending two fire balls in Aang's direction. Back view of Aang as he prepares to face the incoming says: "Aang looks back to see the burning statue of Avatar Kyoshi, which saddens Aang even more."
burning projectiles. He ducks underneath the first says: "Aang looks back to see the burning statue of Avatar Kyoshi, which saddens Aang even more."
uses his staff to decimate the next fire ball. He rapidly spins the staff over his head says: "Aang looks back to see the burning statue of Avatar Kyoshi, which saddens Aang even more."
propelling himself in the air. He lands in front of Zuko says: "Aang looks back to see the burning statue of Avatar Kyoshi, which saddens Aang even more."
who immediately kicks the staff out of his hands. Aang jumps up says: "Aang looks back to see the burning statue of Avatar Kyoshi, which saddens Aang even more."
lands between two fans of a Kyoshi Warrior that are lying on the ground. He stands up says: "Aang looks back to see the burning statue of Avatar Kyoshi, which saddens Aang even more."
picks us the fan with his airbending. Close-up of Zuko says: "Aang looks back to see the burning statue of Avatar Kyoshi, which saddens Aang even more."
who madly charges Aang with his fist already held stretched out before him. Aang spins around a few times to create a bigger momentum says: "Aang looks back to see the burning statue of Avatar Kyoshi, which saddens Aang even more."
uses the extra power of his swirl to blast Zuko in a nearby house with a strong blast of air. Aang looks sad says: "Aang looks back to see the burning statue of Avatar Kyoshi, which saddens Aang even more."
lowers the fans. He runs down the main street says: "Aang looks back to see the burning statue of Avatar Kyoshi, which saddens Aang even more."
picks up his staff along the way. Aang tosses the object in the air says: "Aang looks back to see the burning statue of Avatar Kyoshi, which saddens Aang even more."
where it snaps open into his glider says: "Aang looks back to see the burning statue of Avatar Kyoshi, which saddens Aang even more."
jumps on. A close-up of a saddened Aang says: "Aang looks back to see the burning statue of Avatar Kyoshi, which saddens Aang even more."
switches to the scene he is seeing says: "Aang looks back to see the burning statue of Avatar Kyoshi, which saddens Aang even more."
Cut to an overview shot of Katara as she is leading Koko and another village girl into a house.
Katara says: "Get inside."
Aang lands and Katara turns to face him as he walks over to her.
Aang says: "Look what I brought to this place."
Katara says: "It's not your fault."
Aang says: "Yes, it is."
Aang says: "These people got their town destroyed trying to protect me."
Camera turns to Katara. Five little girls can be seen behind her in the house. Koko stands in the doorway holding Momo, whole the girl next to her peeks around the door frame with a worried look upon her face.
Katara says: "Then let's get out of here."
Katara says: "Zuko will leave Kyoshi to follow us."
Katara says: "I know it feels wrong to run, but I think it's the only way."
Aang says: "I'll call Appa."
Cut to a Kyoshi Warrior who deflects a fire blast with her fan, and retaliates by throwing her other closed fan to the firebender. With a load clung, the object makes contact with the bender's helmet, knocking him on his behind. The camera moves backward through an ally. Two retreating Warriors can be soon, deflecting fire balls left and right, before the camera pans to the left, revealing Sokka and Suki squatting behind a house.
Suki says: "There's no time to say goodbye."
Sokka says: "What about, "I'm sorry?"
Suki says: "For what?"
Sokka says: "I treated you like a girl when I should've treated you like a warrior."
Suki says: "Now get out of here!"
Suki says: "We'll hold them off."
Sokka stands up and runs to Appa who was lying ready a few meters further. Both Momo and Sokka run up Appa's tale.
Aang says: "Appa, yip yip!"
Appa groans and takes off. A frog view shows how the bison flies over the burning buildings.
Zuko says: "Back to the ship!"
Zuko says: "Don't lose sight of them!"
Zuko and his men turn and run toward the coast where their ship is docked.
Cut to shot of the group flying away on Appa. Katara and Sokka are in the saddle, Aang on his head, and the burning village of Kyoshi is behind them.
Katara says: "They're going to be okay, Aang."
Aang looks up with a determined look on his face. The camera zooms in on him, when he suddenly jumps off Appa, the camera following his free fall.
Katara says: "What are you doing?"
Cut to shot of the surface of the ocean as Aang plunges into the water. Switches back to a shot of Katara and Sokka, his face cleaned of the warrior make-up, peering over the edge of the saddle, wide-eyed in chock. Momo peeks over the rim as well beside Katara. Cut back to a shot of the surface, where a few ripples reveal the nearing emerging of something. The water bubbles and suddenly Unagi shoots out of the water with Aang on top of his head, holding his whiskers. After swaying about a few times, he sturdies himself atop Unagi's head and pulls the creature's barbels. Unagi opens its mouth wide and begins gushing water which rains over the town. Cut to shot of the village houses as the fires are put out by the rain. Cut to shot of a drenched Zuko and his men mounted on the rhinos, Zuko looking humiliated and his men looking surprised. Unagi ceases to gush water and launches Aang into the air, who is subsequently caught by an overflying Appa.
Cut to shot of Oyaji viewing the spectacle from a building, his back to the camera. Switch to a frontal shot.
Oyaji says: "Thank you, Avatar."
Aang says: "I know, I know."
Aang says: "That was stupid and dangerous."
Katara says: "Yes, it was."
Cut to Aang whom Katara suddenly hugs. Aang smiles and inhales deeply before sighing and closing his eyes, happily. Cut to shot of the ocean, Unagi disappearing below the surface of the water.
Fade to credits.