As the title card fades, the scene opens onto a shot of an icy sea before panning slowly to the left, revealing more towering icebergs drifting in the water as the shot rotates, moving over a large snow-covered area where the untouched blanket of snow is broken by two tracks of footsteps. The shot fades to another shot of the sea and of icebergs in blue water contrasted by the paleness of the sky beyond. As the shot once again pans to the left and rotates likewise, a small canoe comes into view, its motion through the water indicated by the wake left behind it. The shot zooms slightly on the canoe before cutting down to it, providing a side angle of the canoe and of the walls of ice rising on either side of the vessel. Sokka, a teenage boy, and his younger sister, Katara, a teenage girl, are sitting in the boat; Sokka holds a spear at the ready, while Katara simply stares into the water on the other side of the boat. The shot cuts to an overhead view, revealing that a fish is swimming close to the surface right in front of Sokka, who is focused on it, following its every movement. Cut to a frontal view of him.
Sokka says: "It's not getting away from me this time."
Sokka says: "Watch and learn, Katara."
Sokka says: "This is how you catch a fish."
The shot pans quickly from Sokka to Katara, who seems indifferent to his claim and turns back to her side of the boat again. Her expression changes to surprise; as the shot jumps behind her, looking down into the water over her shoulder, another fish quickly swims by her, close to where she sits. She shoots a quick glance toward her brother, removing the glove from her left hand. She stretches her arm out in the direction of the fish, taking a deep breath. Her look is a mixture of concentration and apprehension as she starts making a wavy motion with her wrist, moving her hand up and down.
The shot widens out; Sokka, still focused wholly on the fish in front of him, is completely unaware of what is happening behind his back. As Katara continues to move her hand, the water in front of Katara, just in front of the shot, starts to ripple. Suddenly, a bubble of water rises up from the ocean containing the newly trapped fish.
Katara says: "Sokka, look!"
Sokka says: "Mmmm..."
Sokka says: "I can already smell it cookin'."
Behind Sokka, Katara is still making circular movements with both her arms, suspending the bubble of water that holds the fish in the air and moving back and forth. The camera cuts to her face, contorted slightly by the focus it takes to control the water.
Katara says: "But, Sokka!"
Katara says: "I caught one!"
The bubble containing her fish slowly drifts around her to hang over Sokka, who is still oblivious. As the bubble hovers over his head, Sokka raises his spear to strike the fish he was following. He bursts the bubble of water with the blunt end of his weapon, causing Katara to lose control of the water; it rains down on Sokka, soaking him.
Katara says: "Hey!"
As Sokka lets out a gasp of discomfort, the fish tumbles through the air and Katara follows its arc with her eyes as it flies over her head and splashes back into the sea. Sokka rounds on his sister, placing his spear perpendicular to the rim of the boat as he yells irately. The shot cuts to a close-up of him.
Sokka says: "Why is it that every time you play with magic water, I get soaked?"
Sokka clenches his fists and a few drops of water fall from his soaked gloves.
Katara says: "It's not "magic", it's waterbending!"
Katara says: "And it's..."
Sokka says: "that if I had weird powers, I'd keep my weirdness to myself."
Katara says: "You're calling me weird?"
Katara says: "I'm not the one who makes muscles at myself every time I see my reflection in the water!"
Near the end of her response, Katara smiles smugly at her brother; as the shot cuts to him, he is flexing at his reflection in the water and grinning confidently. His happy look vanishes upon hearing his sister's remark and he turns around slowly, meaning to face her. Before he can say anything, however, the canoe suddenly shudders. As they both try to keep from falling over, Sokka whirls around toward his end of the canoe, a frantic look on his face.
The camera cuts to a far view of the canoe says: "the canoe moving through the water as Sokka rows furiously; a close-up of Sokka's head; and a frontal shot of the canoe as it is nearly pinned by a number of smaller chunks of ice."
which pans up as the boat moves away from it. The boat is caught in a rapid current says: "the canoe moving through the water as Sokka rows furiously; a close-up of Sokka's head; and a frontal shot of the canoe as it is nearly pinned by a number of smaller chunks of ice."
which is pulling it swiftly toward a jumble of large icebergs which block the end of the narrow passage formed by the towering walls of ice. Sokka paddles the boat in an attempt to stay clear of any floating chunks of ice. He manages to gain just enough speed to keep the boat from being crushed by two icebergs which slam together behind the boat. A series of shots follows says: "the canoe moving through the water as Sokka rows furiously; a close-up of Sokka's head; and a frontal shot of the canoe as it is nearly pinned by a number of smaller chunks of ice."
The camera cuts to a far view of the canoe says: "Cut to Katara's face, both her face and voice full of panic as she yells commands to Sokka."
which pans up as the boat moves away from it. The boat is caught in a rapid current says: "Cut to Katara's face, both her face and voice full of panic as she yells commands to Sokka."
which is pulling it swiftly toward a jumble of large icebergs which block the end of the narrow passage formed by the towering walls of ice. Sokka paddles the boat in an attempt to stay clear of any floating chunks of ice. He manages to gain just enough speed to keep the boat from being crushed by two icebergs which slam together behind the boat. A series of shots follows says: "Cut to Katara's face, both her face and voice full of panic as she yells commands to Sokka."
Katara says: "Watch out!"
Katara says: "Go left!"
Katara says: "Go left!"
The shot shows an overview of the ice floes moving closer together in front of the boat, narrowing their path. The boat manages to stay clear of some of the icebergs, but it veers to the right with the current and becomes pinned by three large chunks of ice. As the canoe is completely crushed by the ice, Katara and Sokka throw themselves from the canoe and onto one of the floes; Katara nearly slides off the other side into the water, but comes to a halt at the floe's very edge. As she raises her head, looking around, the shot zooms out to reveal the siblings are floating on one floe among dozens.
Katara, shuffling on her hands and knees, moves away from the rim toward the middle of the floe, sitting next to her brother. His spear is embedded point-first in the ice just behind him.
Katara says: "You call that left?"
Sokka says: "You don't like my steering?"
Sokka says: "Well, maybe you should've  waterbended us out of the ice."
The shot cuts to a wide shot of the two on their floe; among the large icebergs and tiny floes surrounding them stands a massive, towering shard of ice, its craggy peak rising high above the siblings. Katara gets on her feet again, facing Sokka so that the pointed iceberg is behind her.
Katara says: "So it's my fault?"
Sokka says: "Leave it to a girl to screw things up!"
Cut to a close-up of Katara's face as it contorts with fury. The shot cuts to a side view as Katara points accusingly at her brother, who makes no movement as she screams her disgust at him, the floe bobbing lightly up and down.
Katara says: "You are the most sexist,  to be related to you!"
She swings both her hands back forcefully once again and her unconscious waterbending hurls a wave directly into the towering iceberg behind her; with a loud, splitting crack, a hooklike fissure arcs up its surface and out its side, leaving a spray of ice where it ends. Sokka, who wears a somewhat disinterested expression, glances briefly in his sister's direction and sees the iceberg; after a short moment, he does a double-take, his expression morphing into one of terror. The shot cuts to show Katara's outburst from behind Sokka; as she continues with her verbal outburst and arm movements, little chunks of ice from the iceberg splash into the water, unheard and unnoticed by Katara.
Katara says: "Ever since mom died,  I've been doing all the work around camp while you've been off playing soldier!"
She emphasizes the last words with a strong swing of her hand, waterbending and deepening the crack in the iceberg. Sokka's terror deepens.
Sokka says: "Uh..."
Sokka says: "Katara..."
Katara says: "I even wash all the clothes!"
Katara says: "Have you ever smelled your dirty socks?"
Katara says: "Let me tell you, not pleasant!"
As she yells out that last word, she unconsciously waterbends once again, causing two new splits in the chunk of ice.
Sokka says: "Katara, settle down!"
Katara says: "No that's it!"
Katara says: "I'm done helping you!"
Katara says: "From now on, you're on your own!"
Her last movement is her most agitated and it creates a huge wave which, when it impacts the iceberg, sends a number of fissures to snake their way up the iceberg; one of them reaches the top of the iceberg, splitting it completely in half. Petrified, Sokka gasps for air, and it is only now that Katara turns to look behind her. She gasps and the shot cuts to the iceberg; the two halves begin to fall away from each other and the siblings can be seen through the widening space between them. The shot jumps to the siblings' backs as the two halves collapse into the water; a wave larger than any Katara cast at it radiates outward toward them and they are thrown to the ice as it pushes their floe backward.
As the waves subside, the shot cuts to a head-on close-up of the siblings, their heads slightly over the edge of the ice. Sokka, holding a protective arm over Katara, turns his head toward her.
Sokka says: "Okay, you've gone from "weird" to "freakish",  Katara."
Katara says: "You mean I did that?"
Sokka says: "Congratulations."
Several small bubbles appear on the surface of the water directly in front of them and a small spot of water begins to glow with a bright bluish hue. An overhead shot shows the spread of the brilliant glow and the bubbles within. Cut to the head-on close-up as the two siblings scramble back in renewed terror from the edge, just as a large, roughly spherical iceberg breaks the surface of the water.
The shot jumps behind Katara says: "the iceberg from behind Sokka and Katara; Katara's face as she stares at the object; and a shot of the iceberg itself, revealing a human shape within below a larger, indistinguishable mass."
Sokka as an iceberg rises above the surface says: "the iceberg from behind Sokka and Katara; Katara's face as she stares at the object; and a shot of the iceberg itself, revealing a human shape within below a larger, indistinguishable mass."
revealing its massive form to be the source of the glow. The crashing waves generated by the iceberg's rising push the floe backward as the berg itself rocks to one side says: "the iceberg from behind Sokka and Katara; Katara's face as she stares at the object; and a shot of the iceberg itself, revealing a human shape within below a larger, indistinguishable mass."
before coming to rest with its rounded dome exposed above the water. Mesmerized by the iceberg says: "the iceberg from behind Sokka and Katara; Katara's face as she stares at the object; and a shot of the iceberg itself, revealing a human shape within below a larger, indistinguishable mass."
Katara strays closer says: "the iceberg from behind Sokka and Katara; Katara's face as she stares at the object; and a shot of the iceberg itself, revealing a human shape within below a larger, indistinguishable mass."
stares at the iceberg; behind her says: "the iceberg from behind Sokka and Katara; Katara's face as she stares at the object; and a shot of the iceberg itself, revealing a human shape within below a larger, indistinguishable mass."
Sokka halfheartedly stretches out his hand says: "the iceberg from behind Sokka and Katara; Katara's face as she stares at the object; and a shot of the iceberg itself, revealing a human shape within below a larger, indistinguishable mass."
as if to hold her back. A few cuts ensue says: "the iceberg from behind Sokka and Katara; Katara's face as she stares at the object; and a shot of the iceberg itself, revealing a human shape within below a larger, indistinguishable mass."
The shot jumps behind Katara says: "The human figure, perched in lotus, has glowing arrows on its head and hands."
Sokka as an iceberg rises above the surface says: "The human figure, perched in lotus, has glowing arrows on its head and hands."
revealing its massive form to be the source of the glow. The crashing waves generated by the iceberg's rising push the floe backward as the berg itself rocks to one side says: "The human figure, perched in lotus, has glowing arrows on its head and hands."
before coming to rest with its rounded dome exposed above the water. Mesmerized by the iceberg says: "The human figure, perched in lotus, has glowing arrows on its head and hands."
Katara strays closer says: "The human figure, perched in lotus, has glowing arrows on its head and hands."
stares at the iceberg; behind her says: "The human figure, perched in lotus, has glowing arrows on its head and hands."
Sokka halfheartedly stretches out his hand says: "The human figure, perched in lotus, has glowing arrows on its head and hands."
as if to hold her back. A few cuts ensue says: "The human figure, perched in lotus, has glowing arrows on its head and hands."
The shot jumps behind Katara says: "Close-up of Katara as she raises an eyebrow in confusion."
Sokka as an iceberg rises above the surface says: "Close-up of Katara as she raises an eyebrow in confusion."
revealing its massive form to be the source of the glow. The crashing waves generated by the iceberg's rising push the floe backward as the berg itself rocks to one side says: "Close-up of Katara as she raises an eyebrow in confusion."
before coming to rest with its rounded dome exposed above the water. Mesmerized by the iceberg says: "Close-up of Katara as she raises an eyebrow in confusion."
Katara strays closer says: "Close-up of Katara as she raises an eyebrow in confusion."
stares at the iceberg; behind her says: "Close-up of Katara as she raises an eyebrow in confusion."
Sokka halfheartedly stretches out his hand says: "Close-up of Katara as she raises an eyebrow in confusion."
as if to hold her back. A few cuts ensue says: "Close-up of Katara as she raises an eyebrow in confusion."
The shot jumps behind Katara says: "The shot cuts to a closer view of the figure in the ice, its features accentuated by reflected light, revealing it to be a boy."
Sokka as an iceberg rises above the surface says: "The shot cuts to a closer view of the figure in the ice, its features accentuated by reflected light, revealing it to be a boy."
revealing its massive form to be the source of the glow. The crashing waves generated by the iceberg's rising push the floe backward as the berg itself rocks to one side says: "The shot cuts to a closer view of the figure in the ice, its features accentuated by reflected light, revealing it to be a boy."
before coming to rest with its rounded dome exposed above the water. Mesmerized by the iceberg says: "The shot cuts to a closer view of the figure in the ice, its features accentuated by reflected light, revealing it to be a boy."
Katara strays closer says: "The shot cuts to a closer view of the figure in the ice, its features accentuated by reflected light, revealing it to be a boy."
stares at the iceberg; behind her says: "The shot cuts to a closer view of the figure in the ice, its features accentuated by reflected light, revealing it to be a boy."
Sokka halfheartedly stretches out his hand says: "The shot cuts to a closer view of the figure in the ice, its features accentuated by reflected light, revealing it to be a boy."
as if to hold her back. A few cuts ensue says: "The shot cuts to a closer view of the figure in the ice, its features accentuated by reflected light, revealing it to be a boy."
The shot jumps behind Katara says: "Suddenly, the boy opens his eyes, the same brilliant light emanating from them, eliciting shocked gasps from both of the siblings."
Sokka as an iceberg rises above the surface says: "Suddenly, the boy opens his eyes, the same brilliant light emanating from them, eliciting shocked gasps from both of the siblings."
revealing its massive form to be the source of the glow. The crashing waves generated by the iceberg's rising push the floe backward as the berg itself rocks to one side says: "Suddenly, the boy opens his eyes, the same brilliant light emanating from them, eliciting shocked gasps from both of the siblings."
before coming to rest with its rounded dome exposed above the water. Mesmerized by the iceberg says: "Suddenly, the boy opens his eyes, the same brilliant light emanating from them, eliciting shocked gasps from both of the siblings."
Katara strays closer says: "Suddenly, the boy opens his eyes, the same brilliant light emanating from them, eliciting shocked gasps from both of the siblings."
stares at the iceberg; behind her says: "Suddenly, the boy opens his eyes, the same brilliant light emanating from them, eliciting shocked gasps from both of the siblings."
Sokka halfheartedly stretches out his hand says: "Suddenly, the boy opens his eyes, the same brilliant light emanating from them, eliciting shocked gasps from both of the siblings."
as if to hold her back. A few cuts ensue says: "Suddenly, the boy opens his eyes, the same brilliant light emanating from them, eliciting shocked gasps from both of the siblings."
Katara says: "He's alive!"
Katara says: "We have to help!"
Before Sokka can grab it, Katara grabs Sokka's club out of its sheath on his back and pulls her hood over her head, heading in the direction of the strange boy sealed in the iceberg. Sokka again reaches out his hand in an attempt to hold Katara back, though she is already running across the ice.
Sokka says: "Katara, get back here!"
Sokka says: "We don't know what that thing is!"
Katara hops across the short distance between her floe and the iceberg on five tiny chinks of ice; Sokka, close behind her, does the same. Reaching the iceberg first, Katara repeatedly strikes the iceberg with Sokka's club. On her fifth strike, the club breaks through the surface and a great gust of wind, which escapes from within the iceberg, throws her and her brother back from the side of the dome. Fissures quickly snake their way over the whole iceberg and, in a massive outward explosion, the entire orb of ice destroys itself. A beam of light bursts from the core of the iceberg and rockets into the sky. The camera shows the iceberg from the shallow sea bottom as it emits ripples of light. The scene switches to a group of tiger seals, who erect themselves to growl at the distant beam of light.
Cut to a Fire Nation ship, where a boy in a Fire Nation military uniform stands on the deck, gazing at the light. His ponytail flutters in the wind.
Zuko says: "Finally!"
Zuko says: "Uncle, do you realize what this means?!"
Zuko says: "!"
Iroh says: "I won't get to finish my game?"
Zuko says: "It means my search is about to come to an end."
Iroh sighs uninterestedly and places his tile on the table.
Zuko says: "It has to be him!"
Iroh says: "Please, sit."
Iroh says: "Why don't you enjoy a cup of calming Jasmine tea?"
Zuko says: "I don't need any calming tea!"
Zuko says: "I need to capture the Avatar!"
Zuko says: "Helmsman, head a course for the light!"
Zuko points in the direction of where the light once was. Iroh calmly continues with his game, placing another tile bearing the airbending symbol on the previous one. As he does, a gust of wind washes over him, shaking his tiles.
Cut to the iceberg, where the gale has begun to settle. Sokka had protectively clutched Katara, but he now releases her as he looks around. Light still encircles the remains of the former mountain of ice, now reduced to a hollowed-out crater. Sokka looks at his sister and they both get to their feet, Katara holding onto her brother. He points his spear at the crater, ready to defend them, though lowers it in shock as a figure emerges slowly from the depression in the iceberg.
Sokka says: "Stop!"
Now standing atop the crater, the figure slowly erects himself and looks down at them, and the two siblings stare back in wonder and fear.
The circles of light finally dissipate as the boy stops glowing. The figure is revealed to be nothing more than a young boy, who gives a moan of exhaustion and suddenly faints. Katara gasps and runs forward to catch him before he hits the ground. Sokka follows behind and begins to poke at the boy's head with the blunt end of his spear.
Katara says: "Stop it!"
Katara places the boy gently against the base of the crater. Close-up of the boy as he slowly opens his gray eyes. He gasps in awe as he beholds the Southern Water Tribe girl, who stares at him, in wonder, with deep blue eyes. Her hair loopies sway in the wind.
Aang says: "I need to ask you something..."
Katara says: "What?"
Aang says: "Please..."
Aang says: "come closer."
Katara says: "What is it?"
Aang says: "Will you go penguin sledding with me?"
Katara says: "Uh, sure..."
Katara says: "I-I guess."
The camera moves back again to show the threesome at the base of the iceberg. The boy elegantly rises to his feet in one swift motion, surprising the other two. Katara looks at him in awe while Sokka backs away in shock, aiming his spear at him again. Katara glances at him in disbelief.
Aang says: "What's going on here?"
Aang says: "I'm not sure."
A low, gruff noise suddenly fills the air, coming from within the crater of the iceberg. Quickly, the boy scrambles up the ridge of ice and happily jumps on the head of a large, furry creature that has the same arrow-shaped marking on his forehead as the boy.
Aang says: "Wake up, buddy."
He opens an eyelid that immediately closes again once it is released. He jumps down to the front of the bison and tries to lift its enormous head. Sokka and Katara appear around the corner as Appa finally starts to react to Aang, opening his mouth and licking Aang with his giant tongue. Sokka's jaw drops upon seeing the beast.
Aang says: "Ha, ha!"
Aang says: "You're okay!"
Aang hugs the bison's nose. The camera moves back to reveal that the creature stands up on his six legs and stretches itself. When the picture moves closer again, Aang is petting the bison's nose.
Sokka says: "What is that thing?"
Aang says: "This is Appa, my flying bison."
Aang looks questioningly at Sokka for a moment, but his attention is diverted back toward his bison when Appa starts to inhale deeply. Realizing what is about to happen, Aang ducks before Appa sneezes, sending a large blast of green snot flying directly onto Sokka, who becomes completely covered in it. He squeals in disgust and begins to frantically try clean it off, rubbing his face in the snow under the amused gaze of his sister.
Aang says: "So do you guys live around here?"
Sokka says: "Don't answer that!"
Sokka says: "Did you see that crazy bolt of light?!"
Sokka says: "!"
Sokka says: "He was probably trying to signal the Fire Navy!"
Katara says: "The paranoid one is my brother, Sokka."
Katara says: "You never told us your name."
Aang says: "I'm A..."
Aang says: "a-a-a-Achoo!"
Sokka says: "and flew ten feet in the air!"
Aang says: "Really?"
Aang says: "It felt higher than that."
Katara says: "You're an airbender!"
Aang says: "Sure am!"
Sokka says: "Giant light beams, flying bison, airbenders..."
Aang says: "Well, if you guys are stuck, Appa and I can give you a lift."
Katara says: "We'd love a ride!"
Katara says: "Thanks!"
Sokka says: "Oh no!"
Sokka says: "I'm not getting on that fluffy snot monster!"
Katara says: "Are you hoping some other kind of monster will come along and give you a ride home?"
Katara says: "You know, before you freeze to death?"
Sokka opens his mouth in defiance and point at Katara, ready to retaliate, but he cannot think of anything. He sighs and bows his head in consent and defeat.
The camera switches to a shot where both siblings are sitting on Appa's saddle. Sokka has his arms crossed in front of him with a sulking expression on his face while Katara is full of excitement and anticipation.
Aang says: "Okay, first time flyers, hold on tight!"
Aang says: "Appa, yip-yip!"
Aang whips the reins and Appa growls in response. He moves his tail up and down and takes a huge jump into the air. He soars through the air for merely a few seconds, making it appear as though he would fly, before belly-flopping into the water with a splash. The bison begins trudging through the water slowly. Katara crawls to the front of the saddle while Aang tries to get Appa flying, whipping the reins again.
Aang says: "Come on, Appa."
Aang says: "Yip-yip!"
Sokka says: "Wow, that was truly amazing..."
Katara says: "Why are you smiling at me like that?"
Aang says: "Oh, I was smiling?"
Sokka throws his head back and sticks his tongue out in disgust while groaning loudly. Katara glares at him while Appa continues to make his way through the icy sea, flapping his tail in the water.
The picture tilts up and fades away to reveal Zuko standing on the helm of his ship, staring into the distance. The young man is approached by his uncle.
Iroh says: "I'm going to bed now."
Iroh says: "Prince Zuko, you need some sleep."
Iroh says: "Even if you're right, and the Avatar is alive, you won't find him."
Iroh says: "Your father, grandfather and great-grandfather all tried and failed."
Zuko says: "Because their honor didn't hinge on the Avatar's capture."
Zuko says: "Mine does."
Zuko says: "This coward's hundred years in hiding are over."
The scene fades to Appa who is still swimming in the water. Aang now lies lazily on his back, his arms tucked under his head. Katara crawls to the front of the saddle again to have a better look at the boy. She leans on the front of the saddle and rests her head on her arm.
Katara says: "Hey."
Aang says: "Hey."
Aang says: "What'cha thinkin' about?"
Katara says: "I guess I was wondering, your being an airbender and all, if you had any idea what happened to the Avatar?"
Aang says: "Oh, no."
Aang says: "I didn't know him."
Aang says: "I mean, I knew people that knew him, but I didn't."
Aang says: "Sorry."
Katara says: "Okay."
Katara says: "Just curious."
Katara says: "Good night."
Aang says: "Sleep tight."
Aang uncomfortably turns around and a look of guilt crosses his face. The camera switches to another wide shot of Appa swimming through the vast sea, reflecting the brilliant sunlight.
The scene switches to a dream of Aang's, colored in various shades of gray. Aang is sleeping on Appa's saddle while clouds build around and ahead of him. Lightning splits the sky and the rumble of the following thunder awakens him. He shoots up and looks around. In the next shot it is raining and Aang is sitting on Appa's head again, holding the reigns and screaming at the top of his lungs in terror while they go down. Appa and Aang splash into the waters of the ocean. Appa resurfaces again, growls, but is quickly subdued anew by another wave. Both Aang and Appa sink unconscious into the water. As Aang releases the reigns and drifts off, his eyes and tattoos suddenly start to glow brightly. He slams his fists together, creating a bluish-white sphere that encases Appa and himself. As the air sphere slowly solidifies into an icy globe, a voice permeates the dream.
Katara says: "Aang?"
Katara says: "Aang!"
Katara says: "Wake up."
Katara says: "Everyone's waiting to meet you."
Aang happily gets out of bed and starts to dress himself while Katara takes a step toward the door. Before she exits, however, she glances back at Aang and gasps, staring in wonder at the blue, arrow-shaped tattoos that trace his arms and legs and reach up his back and to his head. Before Aang is able to get up, Katara pulls him along by his arm to meet the rest of the village.
Aang is dragged out the tent toward a small congregation of villagers. He passes Sokka, who is sitting at the side of the tent, sharpening his boomerang.
Katara says: "Aang, this is the entire village."
Katara says: "Entire village, Aang."
Aang bows respectfully toward the villages, but they cower away in fear, bringing a surprised look to Katara and Aang's faces. Sokka just watches from a distance.
Aang says: "Uh, why are they all looking at me like that?"
Aang says: "Did Appa sneeze on me?"
Aang checks his clothing while an elderly woman steps forward out of the line of villagers.
Kanna says: "Well, no one has seen an airbender in a hundred years."
Kanna says: "We thought they were extinct, until my granddaughter and grandson found you."
Aang says: "Extinct?"
Katara says: "Aang, this is my grandmother."
Kanna says: "Call me Gran-Gran."
Sokka walks toward Aang and abruptly snatches his staff out of his hands and starts to examine it.
Sokka says: "What is this, a weapon?"
Sokka says: "You can't stab anything with this!"
Village girl says: "Magic trick!"
Village girl says: "Do it again!"
Aang says: "Not magic, airbending."
Aang says: "It lets me control the air currents around my glider and fly."
Sokka says: "Ya know, last time I checked, humans can't fly!"
Aang says: "Check again!"
Aang grabs hold of his glider and pushes himself off the ground, leaving Katara and Sokka to cover their faces against the sudden wind. The village stares in awe as Aang makes some loops and turns in the sky.
Village girl says: "He's flying!"
Aang makes another loops and speeds up to soar past the gazing villagers.
Village girl says: "It's amazing!"
Aang's shadow passes over Katara, who is smiling broadly at him. Aang, intending to further impress the villagers, flies sideways and closes his eyes while grinning broadly. He promptly flies head-on into the village's watchtower, causing his head to be stuck in its side. Katara covers her mouth as she watches Aang struggle to extricate his head from the icy watchtower. Succeeding, he tumbles downward onto a pile of snow at the base of the tower that crumbled from the building. Katara immediately rushes to his side while Sokka stares in shock at the damage inflicted on his watchtower.
Sokka says: "My watchtower!"
Aang lies covered in snow at the base of the partially collapsed tower. Katara and some other girls of the tribe run toward Aang, smiling.
Katara says: "That was amazing!"
Sokka runs toward his watchtower and starts to pat it in the hope that he can save it from collapsing any further. While Aang spins his staff around to retract its wings, Sokka is being knocked down by a large pack of snow that falls down.
Aang says: "You're a waterbender?"
Katara says: "Well, sort of."
Katara says: "Not yet."
Kanna says: "All right, no more playing."
Kanna says: "Come on, Katara, you have chores."
Kanna leads Katara away from Aang. The surrounding villagers part to let the duo pass.
Katara says: "I told you, he's the real thing Gran-Gran!"
Katara says: "I finally found a bender to teach me!"
Kanna says: "Katara, try not to put all your hopes in this boy."
Katara says: "But he's special!"
Katara says: "I can tell!"
Katara says: "I sense he's filled with much wisdom."
Katara opens her eyes again and glances back toward Aang, who is surrounded by a bunch of kids. He smiles while his tongue is stuck to his staff.
Aang says: "See?"
Aang says: "Now my tongue is stuck to my staff!"
Much to Aang's discomfort, one of the smaller village boys starts to yank his staff, pulling Aang along with every movement. The village kids laugh and applaud Aang as his tongue remains stuck to his staff.
The scene shifts to Zuko's ship where Zuko is facing two soldiers dressed in the uniforms of a firebending Fire Nation soldier. Iroh is sitting on a small chair next to them.
Iroh says: "Again."
Zuko opens the fight by spreading his arms in the direction of the two firebenders, showering them with flames. His adversaries block Zuko's attack with ease. Zuko shifts his weight to duck under a retaliation blast of the firebender to his left. The firebender to his right jumps forward to aim a blast at Zuko's feet. The prince propels himself out of the way. He twists around in mid-air and directs another fire blast with his hand to the firebender that retaliated first, and another with his foot to the firebender that aimed for his feet. Both soldiers jump out of the way of Zuko's flames. Zuko lands and stretches his fists out toward his adversaries, ready to face another attack.
Iroh says: "Get it right this time."
Zuko says: "Enough!"
Zuko says: "I've been drilling this sequence all day."
Zuko says: "Teach me the next set!"
Zuko says: "I'm more than ready!"
Iroh says: "No, you are impatient."
Iroh says: "Drill it again!"
Zuko clenches his teeth in anger. He turns around and suddenly directs a power fire kick toward one of the soldiers. The firebender attempts to stop the fire blast, but he is unable to and is thrown on his back by its power.
Zuko says: "You will teach me the advanced set!"
The scene shifts back to the Southern Water Tribe, where it pans down to reveal Sokka pacing to and fro, his arms behind his back.
The camera shifts positions to reveal that Sokka is talking to six uninterested little boys.
Southern Water Tribe boy says: "I gotta pee!"
Southern Water Tribe boy says: "But I really gotta go!"
Sokka says: "Okay, who else has to go?"
Every child immediately raises his hand. Sokka is surprised for a second, before facepalming in frustration.
Katara says: "Have you seen Aang?"
Katara says: "Gran-Gran said he disappeared over an hour ago."
Aang appears from an outhouse igloo, pulling his pants up a bit higher.
Aang says: "Wow!"
Aang says: "Everything freezes in there!"
He points toward the bathroom with a smile on his face. Sokka's "soldiers" halt beside Aang and laugh with him.
Sokka says: "Katara, get him out of here!"
Sokka says: "This lesson is for warriors only!"
Sokka is about to walk away when he hears the sound of playing children.
Village boy says: "Whee!"
He turns around, and the picture follows his gaze to reveal the village children sliding down Appa's tail like a slide. The end of the tail is propped upward, so the children are propelled into the air. They fly over Sokka's spear, now serving as a mark that they need to cross before landing in a soft pile of snow. Katara laughs as a boy lands head-first in the snow, but Sokka rushes forward.
Sokka says: "What's wrong with you?!"
Sokka says: "!"
Sokka says: "We don't have time for fun and games with the War going on!"
Sokka takes back his spear and casts an annoyed glance at the laughing children who run past him.
Aang says: "What war?"
Aang says: "What are you talking about?"
Sokka says: "You're kidding, right?"
Aang looks questioningly at Sokka, but the expression on his face changes to enthusiasm when he catches sight of an otter-penguin.
Aang says: "Penguin!"
The animal is startled by Aang's outburst and quickly waddles off. Aang gives chase, racing past Katara and Sokka, enhancing his speed with his airbending. He leaves a deep trail in the snow as he dashes after the penguin.
Sokka says: "He's kidding, right?"
The siblings glance at each other, not sure what they need to think of Aang's reaction.
The scene fades away to show the otter-penguin habitat, where hundreds of otter-penguins are walking or sliding down icebergs. Katara approaches the penguins in search for Aang.
Katara says: "Aang?"
Aang says: "Heh heh."
Aang says: "I have a way with animals."
Aang stretches his arms wide and imitates the sound and movements of the animals around them, making Katara laugh.
Katara says: "Hehehe, Aang, I'll help you catch a penguin if you teach me waterbending."
Aang says: "I'm an airbender, not a waterbender."
Aang says: "Isn't there someone in your tribe who can teach you?"
Katara says: "No."
Katara says: "You're looking at the only waterbender in the whole South Pole."
Aang says: "This isn't right."
Aang says: "A waterbender needs to master water."
Aang says: "What about the North Pole?"
Aang says: "There's another Water Tribe up there, right?"
Aang says: "Maybe they have waterbenders who could teach you."
Katara says: "Maybe, but we haven't had contact with our sister tribe in a long time."
Katara says: "It's not exactly "turn right at the second glacier"."
Katara says: "It's on the other side of the world."
Aang says: "But you forget, I have a flying bison."
Aang says: "Appa and I can personally fly you to the North Pole."
Aang says: "Katara, we're going to find you a master!"
Katara says: "That's..."
Katara says: "I mean, I don't know."
Katara says: "I've never left home before."
Aang says: "Well, you think about it, but in the meantime, can you teach me catch one of these penguins?"
Katara says: "Observe!"
She tosses Aang the fish. As he catches it with an uncomprehending look on his face, the penguins immediately begin crowding him. He laughs as the penguins swarm over him, pulling him down amidst their ranks.
Aang says: "Hi hi hi!"
Aang says: "Ha, ha, ha!"
The scene switches to a protruding iceberg that Aang and Katara use as a slide, each sitting atop a penguin. They soar through the air for a moment before landing on the slope and continuing their journey downward. They race down and Aang uses another iceberg as a ramp to propel him into the air and to soar over and past Katara. She in turn uses the next jump to land next to Aang again. The two laugh and shout out as they gleefully ride over snowy bumps.
Katara says: "I haven't done this since I was a kid!"
Aang says: "You still are a kid!"
The two ride through a tunnel of ice. Katara is in the lead and tries to hold Aang back by constantly changing her direction when he wants to pass her. Aang solves this problem by increasing his speed with airbending, enabling him to race over the ceiling past Katara. The tunnel levels out on an open plain of ice where the two get off their rides. The plain itself is dominated by a large metal ship, elevated and held in place by a large protrusion of ice with the bow pointing toward the sky. Curious, Aang gazes at it.
Aang says: "Whoa!"
Aang says: "What is that?"
Katara says: "Aang, stop!"
Katara says: "We're not allowed to go near it!"
Katara says: "The ship could be booby-trapped!"
Aang says: "If you want to be a bender, you have to let go of fear."
Katara ponders over that remark for a moment and walks toward Aang with a scared look upon her face. The two venture closer toward the ship. Aang helps Katara to climb some of the blocks of ice that lay beside the ship and they crawl through a hole in the hull of the ship. The two walk through the silent rooms of the shipwreck. Some white hamsters roam the otherwise deserted ship. Aang enters a room stocked with weapons in various places.
Katara says: "It was part of the Fire Nation's first attacks."
Aang says: "Okay, back up."
Aang says: "I have friends all over the world, even in the Fire Nation."
Aang says: "I've never seen any war."
Katara says: "Aang, how long were you in that iceberg?"
Aang says: "I don't know."
Aang says: "A few days, maybe?"
Katara says: "I think it was more like a hundred years!"
Aang says: "What?!"
Aang says: "!"
Aang says: "That's impossible!"
Aang says: "Do I look like a hundred-twelve-year-old man to you?"
Katara says: "Think about it."
Katara says: "The War is a century old."
Katara says: "You don't know about it because, somehow, you were in there the whole time!"
Katara says: "It's the only explanation."
Aang backs away and slumps to floor in shock.
Aang says: "A hundred years!"
Aang says: "I can't believe it."
Katara says: "I'm sorry, Aang."
Katara says: "Maybe somehow there's a bright side to all this..."
Aang says: "I did get to meet you."
Katara says: "Come on, let's get out of here."
Katara smiles and pulls him to his feet and the two exit the room.
Katara says: "Aang, let's head back, this place is creepy."
Aang ventures down yet another room with Katara on his trail. There, he trips over a thin rope; as he stumbles, metal bars slide downward over the entrance, barring it and trapping them inside.
Aang says: "Huh?"
They both run toward the bars and peek through them.
Aang says: "What's that you said about booby traps?"
The gears and engines of the shipwreck suddenly power up, beginning to function. In shock, Katara and Aang follow the movements of the machines until suddenly, a flare is fired and explodes high in the sky.
Aang says: "Uh oh..."
Aang says: "Hold on tight!"
Katara says: "Aaah!"
Aang enhances the power of his jump with his airbending to jump several feet into the air through the hole.
The scene switches to Prince Zuko, who is peering through a telescope. He follows every movement the duo makes as Aang, still holding Katara, jumps down the side of the ship.
Zuko says: "The last airbender!"
Zuko says: "As well as his hiding place..."
Close-up of Zuko's right eye as he squints it to look in the direction of the Southern Water Tribe.
Fade to credits.