Prelude says: "The shot opens to Aang on a hill sitting with his hands covering his ears."
Prelude says: "The camera pans in and Aang wakes up."
Aang says: "What happened?"
Aang says: "Where am I?"
Yue says: "You are in the Spirit World."
Aang says: "Princess Yue!"
The shot changes to show the spirit Yue floating in front of the moon. The camera pans toward her.
Yue says: "Aang, your Avatar Spirit has been injured."
Yue says: "If you don't act fast, you will lose your connection to your past lives..."
Yue says: "You must find your previous four past lives and reconnect with them."
Aang says: "How do I do that?"
Yue says: "Good luck, Aang."
Fade to black.
Chapter 1 says: "Avatar Roku: The shot shows a geyser of fire come out from the ground."
Chapter 1 says: "When the geyser suddenly stops, the camera shows Aang standing behind it, and slowly pans in."
Aang says: "Aaahh!"
Roku says: "Hello Aang."
Aang says: "I'm sorry, Roku..."
Aang says: "I tried to master the Avatar State..."
Aang says: "but I failed."
Roku says: "Mastering the Avatar State takes much spiritual discipline and patience."
Roku says: "I learned this the hard way."
The camera fades to white and shows an aerial shot of Crescent Island. Roku's blue dragon flies toward the volcano.
Aang says: "Where are we going?"
The shot changes to a closer shot of the volcano as Roku's dragon flies down to the temple.
Roku says: "To the Fire Sage's temple."
Roku says: "One-hundred-fifty-four years ago..."
Cut to inside the temple. Aang and Roku are standing in the corner as spirits, while Kaja and a younger Roku sit on the floor meditating.
Kaja says: "Concentrate on your breath..."
Kaja says: "Clear you mind of all thoughts..."
Kaja says: "Enter the Avatar State..."
A message appears on the bottom of the camera says: ""Fun Fact: Fire Sage Kaja is Fire Sage Shyu's Grandfather" before fading out."
A message appears on the bottom of the camera says: "Frontal shot of Roku."
Young Roku says: "I can't do it!"
Young Roku says: "I've been in retreat for five months and I'm no closer to mastering the Avatar State than when I arrived!"
Roku says: "But I was impatient, so I decided to use the winter solstice sun to help me..."
Cut to inside the temple. Roku meditates on the floor as a beam of light moves close to him.
Aang says: "What are you doing?"
Roku says: "I'm trying to enter the Avatar State using the spiritual energy from the Sun."
The shot shows a red crystal from which the beam of light emanates. Frontal shot of Roku as the circle of light falls on his face. Roku opens his eyes, showing he is in the Avatar State. The camera pans back to show the spirits Aang and Roku watching the scene.
Aang says: "You did it, Roku!"
Aang says: "You mastered the Avatar State!"
Roku says: "Well, not exactly..."
Aang looks toward the camera, which pans back to show Kaja.
Kaja says: "Roku, what did you do?!"
Kaja says: "!"
Cut to an outside-view of the temple. White light emanates from the windows before the roof explodes and a pillar of light beams up into the sky. Cut to Roku standing in a ball of air as he slowly lifts himself from the ground.
Roku says: "Luckily, Fire Sage Kaja was wiser than I, and he knew how to break the Avatar State's hold on me."
Kaja raises the red crystal and directs the beam at Roku's face. Pan in toward Roku as he exits the Avatar State.
Young Roku says: "What happened?"
Young Roku says: "Cough!"
Young Roku says: "Cough!"
Kaja says: "Looks like we have a lot more training to do..."
Kaja says: "after you rebuild the temple."
Roku looks up and smiles sheepishly.
Roku says: "Look for Avatar Kyoshi in the place where Hei Bai sleeps!"
Aang says: "..."
Aang says: "what?"
Chapter 2 says: "Avatar Kyoshi: The shot shows Hei Bai sitting among a bamboo forest and nibbling on a piece of bamboo."
Aang says: "Roku told me I'd find you here!"
Hei Bai says: "Rraaaawww!"
Aang says: "There she is!"
Cut to Kyoshi standing in the bamboo forest as Aang stands near Hei Bai. She smiles at him.
Kyoshi says: "It's nice to see you, Aang."
Kyoshi says: "Sorry about the whole "wrongfully accused of murder" thing back in Chin Village."
Aang says: "That's okay."
A box fades onto the bottom of the screen says: "Kyoshi lived for 230 years, making her the oldest Avatar in history", before fading away."
reading "Fun Fact says: "Kyoshi lived for 230 years, making her the oldest Avatar in history", before fading away."
Kyoshi says: "After Chin the Conqueror died, I helped the world live in balance."
Kyoshi says: "I accomplished a lot of good, but I also made some mistakes..."
Kyoshi says: "One of my greatest challenges was dealing with a peasant uprising in Ba Sing Se."
Cut to the Royal Earthbender Guards defending the Royal Palace from the peasant mobs.
Angry peasant says: "Down with the Earth King!"
Cut to Ba Sing Se's Upper Ring.
Kyoshi says: "The Earth King summoned me to help him end the revolution."
Cut to a close-up shot of the Earth King. A box fades on top of the screen with the words "Fun Fact says: "The 46th Earth King is the current Earth King's great-great-great-great grandfather", before fading away."
Earth King says: "I don't care how you do it, but I want you to squash those unruly peasants!"
Kyoshi says: "I won't do it."
Earth King says: "Guards, arrest Avatar Kyoshi!"
Five of the Earth King's guards surround Kyoshi, who plants her feet on the floor and sends the guards flying away with her airbending. Cut to Kyoshi standing before the Earth King at his throne. He leans away from her in shock as she points one of her fans at him in a threatening manner.
Kyoshi says: "How dare you defy your Avatar!"
Kyoshi says: "Are you ready to make a compromise?"
Earth King says: "Yes..."
Kyoshi says: "I don't like this revolution either."
Kyoshi says: "But everyone in this Kingdom must have a voice if balance is to prevail over tyranny."
Kyoshi says: "So I propose this - you will listen to the peasants' grievances and I will protect you interests and Ba Sing Se's cultural heritage."
Kyoshi says: "Agreed?"
Earth King says: "Agreed..."
Cut to Kyoshi observing a line of earthbenders.
Kyoshi says: "They became known as the Dai Li."
Cut to Aang as the flashback ends.
Aang says: "You trained the Dai Li?"
Aang says: "But they're the worst, most corrupt Earthbenders in the world!"
Kyoshi says: "I thought I was doing the right thing by creating a group that protected cultural history."
Kyoshi says: "I had no idea what they would become."
Kyoshi says: "Aang, our actions always have an effect: sometimes positive, sometimes negative..."
Kyoshi says: "and sometimes not for many lifetimes."
Kyoshi says: "Hurry!"
Kyoshi says: "You must find the Waterbender Avatar who came before me."
Aang says: "But I don't even know his name!"
Kyoshi says: "His name is Avatar Kuruk."
Fade to black.
Chapter 3 says: "Avatar Kuruk: The shot shows Aang riding through the Spirit World on Hei Bai."
Aang says: "Koh took your face and replaced it with a bear's face!"
Kuruk says: "I'm Avatar Kuruk!"
Kuruk says: "Nice to finally meet you."
Kuruk says: "Now tell me, have you seen a beautiful woman with long, brown hair around here?"
Aang says: "No, who is she?"
Kuruk says: "She's my wife."
Kuruk says: "..."
Kuruk says: "I traveled the world, challenging other benders to tests of strength..."
Kuruk says: "I challenge you to an Agni Kai!"
The shot changes to show him pointing at a Fire Nation civilian.
Fire Nation civilian says: "Uh, I was just going to the store."
Cut to the Eastern Air Temple.
Kuruk says: "I loved impressing people with my bending prowess."
Kuruk says: "Especially girls."
Camera pans down to show Kuruk creating an air funnel with lotus flowers inside to impress a group of Air Nomad ladies.
Kuruk says: "Bet you girls have never seen a lotus tornado before!"
Airbender girl #1.
It's beautiful!
Airbender girl #2.
I love you, Avatar Kuruk!
Cut to Kuruk riding a wave on a surf board.
Kuruk says: "With Ummi in my life, I decided to change my irresponsible ways and settle down."
Cut to Kuruk offering Ummi a betrothal necklace.
Ummi says: "A betrothal necklace?"
Kuruk says: "Ummi, will you marry me?"
Ummi says: "Yes!"
They kiss. Cut to the Spirit Oasis.
Kuruk says: "We were to be married in the Spirit Oasis."
Kuruk says: "But on the day of our wedding, tragedy struck."
Ummi glances down at the spirit pond and falls in.
Kuruk says: "Ummi!"
Kuruk says: "No!"
Kuruk says: "Ummi fell into the spirit pond, as if some unseen force pulled her in."
Kuruk says: "She's gone..."
Kuruk says: "to the Spirit World hoping to save my wife from Koh."
Kuruk says: "But I failed."
Aang says: "Koh still has her!"
Aang says: "When I was in Koh's lair, he showed me Ummi's face!"
Kuruk says: "Hurry!"
Kuruk says: "Avatar Yangchen is waiting for you!"
Fade to black.
Chapter 4 says: "Avatar Yangchen: The shot shows Aang and Hei Bai standing at the top of a mountain."
Aang says: "Hello?"
Aang says: "Avatar Yangchen?"
Aang says: "Anyone here?"
Yangchen says: "It's an honor to meet you, Aang."
Aang says: "It's been such an amazing experience to meet my past lives."
Yangchen says: "And what did you learn by meeting them?"
Aang says: "Well..."
Aang says: "I realized that no Avatar is perfect."
Aang says: "They all struggled and made mistakes."
Aang says: "Like me."
Yangchen says: "Very wise."
Aang says: "But it made me wonder - why is the Avatar Spirit a human in every life?"
Aang says: "Wouldn't it be better if the Avatar was an all powerful spirit that never died?"
Yangchen says: "I don't think so."
Yangchen says: "And with each life, learns what it means to be human."
Aang says: "Now that I've reconnected with all of you, does that mean the Avatar Spirit is okay?"
Yangchen says: "Until we meet again, Aang."
Fade to the words "The End" with a black background.