As Roku takes the headpiece, cut to a close-up of his top knot, as he slides the pin. Camera pans below to show Roku smiling, as he and Sozin get up, and bow to each other. Scene changes to Zuko reading from the scroll.
Cut to a close-up of Sokka, and Katara, both looking disturbed. Shot cuts to Aang standing up on the rock he has been meditating on, his eyes still closed. Aang moves to a squat and begins to groan, before smiling with relief. Cut back to the siblings, with Katara looking more disturbed than before.
Katara says: "Do they have bathrooms in the Spirit World?"
Sokka says: "As a matter of fact, they do not."
Shot cuts to Aang smiling, still peculiarly perched, before cutting again to Aang riding on Fang in the Spirit World. Shot cuts to an overhead shot of the two flying on the dragon, as Aang notices they are going to a familiar place.
Aang says: "Hey, we're almost at the Southern Air Temple!"
Roku says: "This was the first stop on my Avatar journey."
Shot cuts to show the Patola Mountains with the Southern Air Temple in the distance. Fang flies through the mountain range.
Roku says: "It was the place where I was trained to master airbending."
Cut to a line of young Air Nomad monks. The camera pans right to show Avatar Roku at the end of the line. Roku is airbending his long black hair at another young monk's face, who, irritated, bends it back at Roku. Roku responds by nudging the monk with his shoulder.
Roku says: "And also where I met an old friend of yours: Monk Gyatso."
Aang says: "No way!"
Cut to an aerial shot of the airbenders on a grassy ledge. An older Air Nomad leads the students, and launches off the side of the ledge. The students line up by twos to follow their teacher. Cut to Gyatso and Roku soaring through the air on their gliders.
Roku says: "Hey, Gyatso, you wanna see a new glider trick?"
Aang says: "He's air surfing!"
Aang says: "I can't believe I never thought of that."
Cut back to Gyatso, as he loses his balance on the glider, but as he falls, Roku catches him on the back of his glider. Roku is unable to control the glider, and the both go down toward the other young monks, who are now back on the grassy ledge. Cut to the other students looking up at the falling airbenders, as they panic and try to run. Cut to Roku and Gyatso, flying low, about to crash. They crash, leaving a large cloud of dust. Cut to the young monks knocked over, and scattered about. Roku's hair is in his face. Gyatso airbends it back while Roku lifts his head. They both grin widely, and Roku pats Gyatso on his shoulder. Cut to a close-up of Aang.
Aang says: "That's amazing!"
Aang says: "I can't believe you were friends with Monk Gyatso just like I was!"
Roku says: "they can even transcend lifetimes."
As Fang flies off, the scene changes to the Northern Water Tribe, where, in the distance, two individuals are standing on a plateau of ice. Cut to a close-up of an older Roku.
Roku says: "After my years mastering airbending, I traveled to the Northern Water Tribe."
Cut to Roku's waterbending master, who bends a large water drill from the ocean waters behind him. It thrusts forward, knocking Roku, and a part of the plateau, into the water.
Roku says: "Waterbending was especially challenging for me."
Roku says: "But in time, I mastered it as well."
Cut to a shot of the water, as Roku emerges from it, and bends an enormous wave of water directly at his master standing on the glacier. The blast completely destroys the glacier, and carries his master all the way back to a Northern Water Tribe building. His master sits up, and shakes his head. Cut to Roku, standing on an ice float, as he smiles. Scene changes to Roku, standing shirtless, and wearing Earth Kingdom clothing from the waist. He moves his arms in quick motions across his body to bend a large piece of earth, riding up the side of a mountain.
Roku says: "I moved on to the Earth Kingdom."
Cut to Roku racing up the slope, as another earthbender catches up to him. Cut to a brief shot of the earthbender, before cutting back to Roku, as they compete for speed.
Roku says: "My earthbending master, Sud, was uncompromising, stubborn, and blunt..."
The two benders race into thick brush and trees, as they disappear from view. Cut to the top of the mountain overlooking a valley.
Roku says: "..."
Roku says: "And a lifelong friend."
As Sud comes to the finishing point, quickly brings his landmass to a halt. He thrusts his fists into the air, cheering for himself. The look on his face changes quickly to shock when he realizes that Roku not only beat him to the top, but he also had enough time to seat himself and pour them both tea. Cut back to Sud as he smiles at his pupil. Cut to a side shot of Roku and Sud. They both drink from their teacups. Scene changes to a close-up of Roku's head dress and slowly pans down to show his face in an extreme close-up.
Roku says: "It was bitter work..."
Scene changes to Zuko, still reading Sozin's history in the chamber. An extreme close-up shows his eyes quivering with each word he reads.
Sozin says: "Twelve long years passed before I saw my friend again."
Sozin says: "When Roku returned, he was a fully realized Avatar, and I had changed as well."
A wall of flames appears, as the scene changes to Sozin sitting in his throne room. Roku walks down a long red carpet toward Sozin.
Roku says: "Sozin!"
Roku says: "Or should I say, Fire Lord!"
Cut to the older Roku and Aang watching from behind.
Roku says: "After all these years, he was still my best friend."
Roku says: "And a few months later, he was my best man."
Aang says: "Roku, it's that girl who didn't even know you're alive!"
Roku says: "Ta Min."
Roku says: "I was persistent."
Roku says: "And being the Avatar doesn't hurt your chances with the ladies, either."
Scene changes to Zuko.
Sozin says: "On wedding days, we look to the future with optimism and joy."
Sozin says: "I had my own vision for a brighter future."
Cut to Roku and Ta Min receiving and thanking guests. Sozin walks up behind the couple.
Sozin says: "Excuse me."
Sozin says: "May I borrow him for a moment‌?"
Ta Min says: "It's not very traditional, but, okay."
Cut to Roku and Sozin on a balcony.
Roku says: "What's on your mind?"
Sozin says: "I've been thinking hard about the state of the world lately."
Roku says: "Sozin, it is my wedding!"
Roku says: "Have a cookie, dance with someone, lighten up!"
Sozin says: "It's an amazing stroke of fate we know each other so well, isn't it?"
Sozin says: "Together, we could do..."
Sozin says: "anything."
Roku says: "Yeah, we could."
Sozin says: "Our nation is enjoying an unprecedented time of peace and wealth."
Sozin says: "Our people are happy, and we're so fortunate in so many ways."
Roku says: "Where are you going with this?"
Sozin says: "I've been thinking, we should share this prosperity with the rest of the world."
Sozin says: "It's time we expanded it."
Roku says: "No!"
Roku says: "The four nations are meant to be just that: four."
Sozin says: "Roku, you haven't even stopped to consider the possibilities."
Roku says: "had gone ahead with his plan, despite my warning."
Scene changes to Roku flying over a body of water on Fang, as he approaches land. As Roku flies over, he sees an Earth Nation dock, but as the camera pans up, he sees an Earth Nation fortress with plumes of smoke rising from inside, with the Fire Nation insignia strewn over the original Earth Kingdom symbol, covering it. The camera zooms in to an extreme close-up of the Fire Nation banner. Cut to Roku who widens his eyes in shock by his discovery. Scene changes to Roku, bursting through the doors of Fire Lord Sozin's throne room with steam coming out. Cut to an overhead shot of Roku's shadow in the doorway cast on the long red carpet.
Roku says: "How dare you occupy Earth Kingdom territory!"
Sozin says: "Your loyalty is to our nation first."
Sozin says: "Anything less makes you a traitor."
Roku says: "Don't do this, Sozin."
Roku says: "Don't challenge me."
Roku says: "It will only end badly."
Roku says: "It's over."
As Roku turns back and starts to leave, Sozin, full of rage, jumps from his throne and delivers an immensely powerful fire stream. As the flames go out, Roku is nowhere to be seen. Sozin widens his eyes in suprise, expression becoming blank as he looks around. Suddenly, Roku bursts from the ground behind Sozin, revealing that he has burrowed into the ground with earthbending to defend from Sozin's attack. Before Sozin can turn back, Roku delivers a powerful air blast at the Fire Lord, which causes him to slam on the gates of the room. As Sozin falls down, Roku immediately earthbends a pillar of earth that lifts Sozin into the air and pins him by the back of his robes to the ceiling. Cut to a close-up of Avatar Roku, as he brings his hands together in front of his face, and enters the Avatar State. Cut to a shot of the entire throne room, as Roku breaks the pillars of the throne room. Cut to an aerial shot of the palace, as it is destroyed. Cut to Sozin, uncovering his face. Roku airbends an air spout, and raises himself to Sozin.
Roku says: "I'm sparing you, Sozin."
Roku says: "Even a single step out of line will result in your permanent end."
Sozin stares at Roku, his face still full of anger. Suddenly, his expression drops, and he hangs his head in defeat. Roku turns, and rides the cyclone quickly away from Sozin. Scene changes to an aerial shot of Roku's island at night.
Roku says: "Sozin and I didn't speak or see each other for twenty-five years after our battle."
Roku says: "I spent most of my spare time here, at my home."
Cut to an overhead shot of an elderly Roku and Ta Min sleeping, as a loud noise awakes Roku and he leaps out from the bed, and looks through the window. Cut to a shot of the window, as large fireballs falling from the sky, and crashing into the island. Roku and his wife flee the room, but as they do so, Roku's headpiece falls to the floor, and is left behind. Roku emerges from the house to find the air filled with smoke and ash. Coughing, Roku and his wife shield their faces. A worried Roku looks at the erupting volcano in the island.
Roku says: "Let's go!"
Scene changes to the town, as the townspeople run through the streets to escape the waves of smoke and ash that now pour through the streets. Cut to Roku's home, as Fang flies up from behind the house. He narrowly escapes as an ash flow completely buries the house. Cut to a wide shot of Roku, with his face covered, leading his wife and many townspeople to safety. Ash continues to fall as we see a swell of lava ooze from the mouth of the volcano. Cut to a close-up of Roku still running. He looks to his wife, as shot cuts to her running. He lets go of her hand, and motions her to go on without him. With her arm still outstretched, she looks at him, and runs to safety. She continues to look back, desperately hoping Roku will grab her hand. Ta Min runs off with many of the townspeople. Roku turns to face the advancing smoke, and airbends a huge dome of protection around himself. Cut to the townspeople in boats, as they see the air dome. Cut to the worried faces of the people, including Ta Min. Scene changes to the volcano erupting in the island from the Fire Nation palace, as camera zooms back to show an elderly Fire Lord Sozin watching from his balcony.
Sozin says: "Roku's island was a hundred miles away."
Sozin says: "But I could still feel it rumbling and see the black plume of smoke."
Sozin says: "I had never seen anything like this catastrophe."
Cut to Sozin's face, before cutting to an aerial shot of the volcano. Large columns of black smoke billow from the summit, as lightning strikes above the volcano and the earth rumbles from the disaster. Cut to a close-up of a landslide quickly approaching the town, destroying it completely. Roku earthbends a gigantic wall, and rides the wall to meet the falling earth, and stop it. As he succeeds in stopping it, the volcano ejects a massive wave of lava. The flow breeches the wall of earth, causing Roku to flee to the bottom of the summit. He cuts into the earth using his earthbending, creating a channel to divert the lava into the surrounding ocean, away from the town. Cut to an aerial shot of the island, as the channel fills with lava, and empties into the ocean. Cut to Roku and Aang watching the destruction from a distance.
Aang says: "This is amazing, Roku!"
Aang says: "You're battling a volcano, and you're winning."
Roku says: "Unfortunately, my success didn't last long, Aang."
Roku says: "There was no way I could do it all."
Shot cuts to Roku looking up the top of the volcano. As the camera pans up and focuses on the mouth of the volcano, it violently expels another giant wave of lava. Roku runs toward the volcano, and leaps. Roku blows a powerful blast of air from his mouth at the lava, which cools and hardens, as Roku lands on it. Suddenly, a blast of poisonous gas spouts to his right, he turns and covers his face. He turns to the jet, airbending it away. Suddenly lava appears on his right, which he airbends, and quickly another jet of gases blasts to his left, and he quickly airbends it as well.
Roku says: "Battling the elements was hard enough."
Roku says: "I had to do it while I could barely breathe."
Roku says: "The poisonous, volcanic gases were overwhelming."
Cut to an overhead shot of the sky directly over the eruption. Lightning crashes around the crater as Fang comes, flying. The summit emits another lava fountain. Fang pulls back, narrowly escaping the blast, and roars.
Roku says: "Get out of here!"
Roku says: "I'm fine!"
Roku turns his body from side to side, and enters the Avatar State. With a powerful blow from his fist, Roku earthbends a tremor through the volcano, breaking out the back side of the crater, which lessens the lava flow. As the lava flows down, the second volcano erupts, as Roku, no longer in the Avatar State, hopelessly drops his head. Cut to a view of Roku from behind, as Sozin, on a blue dragon, appears.
Sozin says: "Need a hand, old friend?"
Roku says: "Sozin?"
Sozin says: "There's not a moment to waste."
Cut to an aerial view of the two volcanoes. Sozin and Roku ride on the Fire Lord's dragon's back to the second volcano. Cut to Roku bending the fire fountain down into the crater. Cut to Sozin balanced on the mouth of the vent, as he cools the lava by absorbing the heat, passing it through himself, and redirects out through his other hand. The scene pans out to show the silhouettes of the two friends, controlling the disaster. Cut to the townspeople in the boats, as they see the volcanoes erupting. Cut to a shot of Ta Min, with an anxious expression on her face. The scene cuts back to Roku and Sozin on the edge of the crater. Lightning blasts above Sozin, as the earth beneath him becomes unstable. He begins to fall back off the side of the volcano, but Roku quickly earthbends an earth shelf to catch Sozin. Stable again, Sozin looks to Roku for a moment. Suddenly, the earth violently shakes and another surge of ash and rock shoot from the crater, and the two turn to run.
Roku says: "Don't breathe the toxic gas."
As the two run, a jet of toxic gas shoots up directly next to Sozin. Roku quickly airbends it away to protect Sozin. Suddenly gas erupts directly into Roku's face, causing him to be disoriented.
Roku says: "It's too much."
Overwhelmed by the poisons, Roku falls to his knees. He looks up toward Sozin, and holds out his hand for help.
Roku says: "Please."
Cut to Roku's point of view again.
Sozin says: "Without you, all my plans are suddenly possible."
Sozin says: "I have a vision for the future, Roku."
Sozin's dragon appears. As Roku kneels, Sozin mounts the dragon and flies away. Cut to Roku, on the side of the volcano. He is surrounded by toxic gas, and behind him a surge of rock and ash flows swiftly toward him. Cut to a shot of the black clouds billowing from the island, as Sozin's dragon emerges from the plumes. The camera zooms to an extreme close-up of Sozin's eye. Shot cuts to Roku, from the back, still on his knees. He is coughing, and is unable to get to his feet. Fang appears from the right, and flies above him. Cut to a close-up of Roku from the side, as he looks up toward his dragon. Cut to an aerial view of the debris, rapidly approaching Avatar Roku. With the rock avalanche just moments away from swallowing Roku, Fang flies down, and wraps himself around Roku. The wave of ash and rubble cover the two completely, killing both of them. Fade to a bright light, as the camera pans to show an arched window frame. A baby's cries can be heard. The camera pans down to show a smiling born infant.
Aang says: "Who's..."
Aang says: "wait, that's me, isn't it?"
Roku says: "Make sense of our past, Aang."
Aang says: "Roku?"
Aang says: "Roku!"
Aang walks out of the flashback into whiteness as the scene changes to Zuko reading in the Dragonbone Catacombs.
Sozin says: "With Roku gone, and the great comet returning, the timing was perfect to change the world."
Sozin says: "The Fire Nation's greatest threat..."
Sozin says: "the last airbender."
Fade to a close-up of the scroll Zuko is reading.
Zuko says: "That can't be it!"
Zuko says: "Where's the rest of it?"
Zuko puts the scroll down and stands up, as the camera pans out. Scene changes to the Fire Nation prison, where Iroh is imprisoned. Cut to Zuko from the behind, slamming the door to the cell behind him as he enters. Cut to Iroh sitting with his head down.
Zuko says: "You sent this, didn't you?"
Zuko says: "I found the secret history, which by the way should be renamed history most people already know!"
Zuko says: "The note said that I needed to know about my great-grandfather's death, but he was still alive in the end."
Iroh says: "No, he wasn't."
Zuko says: "What are you talking about?"
Iroh says: "You have more than one great-grandfather, Prince Zuko."
Iroh says: "Sozin was your father's grandfather."
Iroh says: "Your mother's grandfather was Avatar Roku."
Zuko says: "Why are you telling me this?"
Iroh says: "Because understanding the struggle between your two great-grandfathers can help you better understand the battle within yourself."
Iroh says: "What happened generations ago can be resolved now, by you."
Iroh says: "Because of your legacy, you alone can cleanse the sins of our family and the Fire Nation."
Iroh says: "Born in you, along with all the strife, is the power to restore balance to the world."
Cut to a bundle inside of a brick wall. Iroh removes a brick and reaches for the bundle. Cut to Iroh slowly unwrapping the bundle, revealing the once-lost headdress, while he walks toward Zuko.
Iroh says: "This is a royal artifact."
Iroh says: "It's supposed to be worn  by the Crown Prince."
Zuko takes the headdress from Iroh's hand, and holds the artifact, as the shot cuts to Zuko from the behind, standing outside of Iroh's cell. Iroh stands quietly, looking at his nephew. Cut to a shot of the hardened lava wave the gang had been sitting on. Cut to a shot of Sokka, Katara, and Toph all facing Aang as the camera pans down.
Katara says: "You mean, after all Roku and Sozin went through together, even after Roku showed him mercy, Sozin betrayed him like that‌?"
Toph says: "It's like these people are born bad."
Aang says: "No, that's wrong."
Aang says: "I don't think that was the point of what Roku showed me at all."
Sokka says: "Then what was the point?"
Aang says: "And I also think it was about friendships."
Toph says: "Do you really think friendships can last more than one lifetime?"
Aang says: "I don't see why not."
Katara catches Toph's other hand.
Sokka says: "Well, scientifically speaking, there's no way to prove that..."
Katara says: "Oh, Sokka, just hold hands."
Sokka stops talking, and without moving, he thrusts out his hand to hold Katara's. Shot cuts to an aerial shot of Team Avatar, holding hands, and looking out toward the ocean. Fade to credits.