The episode begins with the gang sitting around a camp site with several other groups, listening to a man telling a story of 'airbenders'.
Storyteller says: "So, travelers."
Storyteller says: "The next time you think you hear a strange, large bird talking, take a closer look."
Storyteller says: "It might not be a giant parrot, but a flying man."
Storyteller says: "A member of a secret group of air walkers, who laugh at gravity, and laugh at those bound to the earth by it!"
Katara says: "Was it realistic?"
Katara says: "Is that how it was back then?"
Cuts to the three kids.
Aang says: "I laugh at gravity all the time."
Aang says: "Gravity."
Sokka searches inside his heavy cloak, and manages to pull out a bug, a worm and a few crumbs.
Sokka says: "Sorry..."
Aang stands up and runs after the storyteller, who is kneeling in front of an old man.
Aang says: "Hey!"
Aang says: "Thanks for the story."
Storyteller says: "Tell it to the cap, boy."
The Storyteller shakes his cap behind him as he kneels in front of an old man. The shaking causes a coin to come loose and fall from the cap. As Aang searches his clothes for some money, Momo picks up the coin and puts it in the cap as the Storyteller turns around.
Storyteller says: "Aww, much obliged, little bat-thing."
Aang says: "It means a lot to hear airbender stories."
Aang says: "It must have been a hundred years ago your great grandpa met them."
The scene changes from the campsite to a shot of clouds, and Appa flying above them.
Aang says: "Hey, we're almost at the Northern Air Temple."
Aang says: "This is where they had the championships for Sky Bison polo."
Katara says: "Do you think we'll really find airbenders?"
Sokka says: "You want me to be like you, or totally honest?"
Katara says: "Are you saying I'm a liar?"
Sokka says: "I'm saying you're an optimist."
Sokka says: "Same thing, basically."
Aang says: "Hey, guys, look at this!"
The camera moves to show Appa, who is flying toward a mountain with a large structure on top. It looks very similar to the Southern Air Temple, with obvious spires reminiscent of a temple's architecture. Around them are several dark specks. The camera zooms in, and the specks are revealed to be people, flying around the temple in plane-shaped contraptions.
Katara says: "They really are airbenders!"
Aang says: "No, they're not."
Sokka says: "What do you mean "they're not"?"
Sokka says: "Those guys are flying!"
Aang says: "Gliding maybe, but not flying."
Aang says: "You can tell by the way they move, they're not airbending."
Aang says: "Those people have no spirit."
Suddenly, a boy sitting in an oddly shaped chair flies right above them, nearly hitting them, and laughing as he does so.
Katara says: "I don't know, Aang."
The boy begins to fly away, shooting Aang one more look back as he does so while grinning. Aang grins devilishly, and opens up his glider to follow the boy. He leaves Katara and Sokka on Appa, and they quickly become surrounded by gliders as they get closer to the temple. Several gliders almost hit Appa, which causes Katara to knock into her brother and shout in pain as Appa moves sharply to avoid them.
Sokka says: "We better find some solid ground, before it finds us."
Colonists says: "Go Teo!"
Colonists says: "Show that bald kid how it's done!"
Teo and Aang do two loop-de-loops as they fly around the air temple. The two boys do a spiral downwards.
Teo says: "Hey there, you're pretty good!"
Aang says: "Yeah, I know."
Aang says: "But I can do more than fancy gliding."
Aang begins flying closer to the temple, under a bridge. Cut to a scene of Aang jumping off his glider and allowing it to fly forward on its own. He begins running along a wall, switching to an air scooter halfway, before jumping off onto his glider again.
Teo says: "Wow, I don't think I can do that."
Teo says: "But here's a good one."
Teo turns on a small canister that is positioned under his glider. White smoke begins to stream from the strange contraption, and Teo flies around in the sky. The camera pans to show the sight from the ground, where it is revealed that he has created an image of Aang's face, complete with an annoyed expression. The crowd below cheers.
Teo says: "What do you think?"
Aang says: "It's great."
Aang lands beside Katara and Sokka. Teo lands soon after and pulls on the brakes. Other children take the glider off of the top of his wheel chair. Teo rolls up to Aang.
Teo says: "Hey, you're a real airbender."
Teo says: "You must be the Avatar!"
Teo says: "That's amazing!"
Teo says: "I-I've heard stories about you!"
Aang says: "Thanks."
Sokka says: "Wow!"
Sokka says: "This glider chair is incredible!"
Teo says: "You think this is good, wait until you see the other stuff my dad designed."
All four walk inside the building. They enter a room filled with pipes and machinery. Aang looks around worriedly. Beneath the pipes, an original mural can be seen, although it has been destroyed by the pipes, which are sticking into the walls.
Sokka says: "Wow!"
Teo says: "Yeah, my dad is the mastermind behind this whole place."
Teo says: "Everything's powered by hot air."
Teo says: "It even pumps hot air currents outside to give us a lift while we're gliding."
Aang says: "This place is unbelievable."
Teo says: "Yeah, it's great, isn't it?"
Aang says: "No, just unbelievable."
Katara says: "Aang used to come here a long time ago."
Katara says: "I think he's a little shocked it's so..."
Katara says: "different."
Sokka says: "So better!"
Katara walks up to Aang, who is looking at a painted wall with pipes going through it.
Aang says: "This is supposed to be the history of my people."
Katara puts her hand on his shoulder. He walks over to a fountain with an air bison statue on it. He looks at his reflection in the dirty green water, Aang looks at it squeamishly. The sky bison statue suddenly has black smoke coming out of it's mouth.
Aang says: "Ugh!"
Katara says: "I'm sure some parts of the temple are still the same."
Screen pans off to show Aang, Katara, Sokka and Teo walking across a bridge to a large room that looks well kept. The room has no roof, although around the walls there are statues of monks, mostly meditating.
Aang says: "It's nice to see that at least one part of the temple that isn't ruined."
Katara and Aang look at a statue of a long-bearded airbender meditating.
Man says: "Look out!"
The statue is knocked down by a wrecking ball and all four cover their heads. Dust is coming from the statue, so all four cough. The dust clears to show six men standing where the statue used to be.
Mechanist says: "What the doodle?"
Mechanist says: "Don't you know enough to stay away from construction sites?"
Mechanist says: "We have to make room for the bathhouse!"
Aang says: "Do you know what you did!"
Aang says: "?"
Aang says: "You just destroyed something sacred!"
Aang says: "For a stupid bathhouse!"
Mechanist says: "Well, people around here are starting to stink."
Cut to exterior shot, showing the crane falling and landing heavily against the side of the cliff the temple is situated on. It is covered by a cloud of dirt and snow as it is utterly destroyed.
Aang says: "This is a sacred temple!"
Aang says: "You can't treat it this way!"
Aang says: "I've seen it when the monks were here!"
Aang says: "I know what it's supposed to be like!"
Mechanist says: "The monks?"
Mechanist says: "But,  you're twelve."
Teo says: "Dad, he's the Avatar."
Teo says: "He used to come here a hundred years ago."
Aang takes a menacing step closer to the mechanist, who takes a step back.
Aang says: "What are you doing?"
Aang says: "Who said you could be here?"
Mechanist says: "I came across these fan-like contraptions!"
Aang says: "Our gliders."
Mechanist says: "Yes!"
Mechanist says: "Little, light flying machines!"
Mechanist says: "And, after all, isn't that what nature does?"
Aang says: "Nature knows where to stop."
Mechanist says: "I suppose that's true."
Mechanist says: "Unfortunately, progress has a way of getting away from us."
Mechanist says: "Look at the time!"
Mechanist says: "The pulley system must be oiled before dark."
Sokka says: "Wait, how can you tell the time from that thing?"
Sokka says: "The notches all look the same."
Mechanist says: "The candle will tell us."
Mechanist says: "Watch."
Sokka says: "You put spark powder in the candle!"
Mechanist says: "Four flashes."
Mechanist says: "So it's exactly four hours past mid-day."
Mechanist says: "Or, as I call it: four o'candle."
Sokka says: "Aaah!"
Teo says: "Hey, Aang."
Teo says: "I want to show you something."
Screen fades to black before reappearing with Katara, Teo and Aang walking inside a building.
Aang says: "I just can't get over it."
Aang says: "There's not a single thing that's the same."
Teo says: "I don't know about that."
Teo says: "The temple might be different  are probably direct descendants of the ones who lived here a long time ago."
Teo says: "Besides, there's one part of the temple that hasn't changed at all."
Screen fades slightly and reappears at a long hallway with airbending symbols through it. Shows all three looking at a door with an airbending contraption on it.
Katara says: "Hey, it's just like the one in the other temple!"
Teo says: "Only an airbender can open it, so inside it's completely untouched."
Teo says: "Just the way the monks left it."
Teo says: "I've always wondered what it's like in there..."
Katara says: "Aang?"
Aang says: "I'm sorry."
Aang says: "This is the last part of the temple that's the same as it was."
Aang says: "I want it to stay that way."
Teo says: "I completely understand."
Teo says: "I just wanted you to know that it's here."
Aang says: "Thanks."
Screen cuts to Sokka and the mechanist walking down a dark stairway holding lanterns.
Sokka says: "These lanterns are terrible."
Sokka says: "I can't see!"
Mechanist says: "Hey!"
Mechanist says: "Close that up!"
Mechanist says: "They'll get loose!"
They continue for a while until they arrive at a wooden door.
Sokka says: "Okay..."
Sokka says: "so you brought me all the way down here to see an empty room."
Mechanist says: "Anyway, there's a vital problem that needs solving."
Mechanist says: "From time to time, we have gas leaks."
Mechanist says: "And they're nearly impossible to find."
Sokka says: "So, this place is an explosion waiting to happen."
Mechanist says: "Yes, until I figure out how to locate something I can't see, hear, smell, or touch."
Cut to a exterior of temple with people flying in the sky. Aang, Katara and Teo are on the ground.
Teo says: "The wind will carry you."
Teo says: "It supports something inside you."
Teo says: "Something even lighter than air."
Katara says: "I've changed my mind."
Katara says: "I think I was born without that something."
Teo says: "Impossible!"
Teo says: "Everybody has it!"
Aang says: "Spirit."
Teo says: "What?"
Aang says: "Spirit."
Aang says: "That's the something you're talking about."
Teo says: "Yeah, I suppose it is."
Shows Katara with the glider in her hands again.
Teo says: "Are you ready?"
Katara says: "No!"
Katara says: "I can't believe I'm flying!"
Aang and Momo fly up beside her.
Aang says: "Just make sure you keep your mouth closed so you don't swallow a bug!"
Katara says: "Teo was right about the air."
Katara says: "All I had to do was trust it, let it carry me."
Aang says: "Even though Teo's not an airbender, he really does have the spirit of one!"
Aang says: "I've been thinking."
Aang says: "If you want to see what's in that room, I'd be happy to open the door for you."
Teo says: "Great!"
Katara says: "Wait!"
Katara says: "a-ack-ack-bleck!"
Katara says: "Bug!"
Katara says: "Bug!"
Katara says: "Ack, that was a bug!"
Back to Sokka and the mechanist. The mechanist is drawing on a large piece of paper and Sokka is looking through shelves. Sokka drops various things, including seven scrolls, four pieces of paper, a hard-boiled egg and a model of a hot air balloon.
Mechanist says: "I said don't touch anything!"
Mechanist says: "and that egg was just part of last week's lunch."
Sokka says: "Ugh!"
Sokka says: "Week old egg smell!"
Mechanist says: "Quick, find that egg!"
Shows Aang, Teo and Katara at the door of the airbending room.
Teo says: "I can't believe I'm finally going to see what's inside!"
Aang airbends into the door's contraption, flipping three dials so air comes out of them. Cut to Sokka and the mechanist searching for the egg.
Sokka says: "How can something so small that you can't even see it make such a big stink!"
Sokka says: "?"
The mechanist looks up from searching.
Mechanist says: "That's the solution to our problem!"
Sokka says: "Yeah..."
Sokka says: "if we put a whole mess of rotten eggs in the cellar where the gas seeps up..."
Mechanist says: "..."
Mechanist says: "The gas will mix with the smell of rotten eggs!"
Sokka says: "Then, if there's a leak..."
Mechanist says: "..."
Mechanist says: "You smell rotten eggs!"
Mechanist says: "Then, you just follow your nose to the place where the smell is coming from..."
Sokka says: "And plug up the hole where the gas is escaping!"
Both throw up their hands.
Both says: "You're a genius!"
Mechanist says: "Something's wrong."
Shows Aang, Teo, and Katara walking into the large room. It's filled with Fire Nation weapons, tools and a red hot air balloon with the Fire Nation insignia on it.
Aang says: "This is a nightmare."
Mechanist says: "You don't understand!"
Aang says: "You're making weapons for the Fire Nation!"
Sokka says: "You make weapons for the Fire Nation?!"
Sokka says: "!"
Teo says: "Explain all this!"
Teo says: "Now!"
Mechanist says: "It was about a year after we moved here."
Mechanist says: "Fire Nation soldiers found our settlement."
Mechanist says: "You were too young to remember this, Teo."
Mechanist says: "They were going to destroy everything!"
Mechanist says: "Burn it to the ground!"
Mechanist says: "I pleaded with them, I begged them to spare us!"
Mechanist says: "They asked what I had to offer."
Mechanist says: "I offered..."
Mechanist says: "my services."
Mechanist says: "You must understand."
Mechanist says: "I did this for you!"
Teo looks away in shame and the mechanist leaves. The scene cuts to him in his workshop, placing two eggs with smiley faces in his hot air balloon model, along with a candle to make it float. He looks rather depressed. He lets go of the bottom and it starts to float. As this happens, the door opens, with Aang and Teo standing in the doorway.
Aang says: "When are they coming?"
Mechanist says: "Soon."
Mechanist says: "Very soon."
Aang says: "You can't give them more weapons."
Mechanist says: "If I don't give them what they want, they will destroy this place!"
Teo says: "How can I be proud of you when your inventions are being used for murder?"
Mechanist says: "I need some time to think."
Mechanist says: "You need to leave!"
Mechanist says: "Go!"
Teo says: "We're not leaving!"
Mechanist says: "Then hide!"
Mechanist says: "Quickly!"
Qin says: "You know better than to keep me waiting."
Qin says: "Give me what you owe us so we can be on our way."
Qin says: "Well?"
Qin says: "Is there a problem?"
Qin is about to go out the door, but Aang airbends it shut. He jumps in front of the door.
Aang says: "The deal's off."
Qin says: "The Avatar..."
Mechanist says: "Aang, don't get involved!"
Qin says: "If I don't get what I came here for, the Fire Nation will burn this place to rubble!"
Aang says: "Get out of here!"
Aang says: "You're leaving empty-handed!"
The four children are now talking on the tall bridge.
Teo says: "This is bad."
Sokka says: "Very bad!"
Katara says: "Aang, what are we going to do?"
Katara says: "How can we possibly keep them all away?"
Aang says: "I'll tell you how."
Aang says: "We have something they don't."
Aang says: "Air power."
Aang says: "We control the sky."
Aang says: "That's something the Fire Nation can't do."
Aang says: "We can win!"
Mechanist says: "I want to help."
Aang says: "Good."
Aang says: "We'll need it."
Cuts to an aerial shot of the temple, before cutting to the mechanist's workshop. He is standing behind a table with Sokka. The model hot air balloon, a few plans, and a candle are resting on the table. Aang, Katara, and Teo are on the other side, surrounded by other colonists.
Mechanist says: "We finally got the war balloon working, thanks to Sokka."
Mechanist says: "This boy's a genius!"
Sokka says: "Thank you."
Sokka says: "You're a genius!"
Mechanist says: "Thank you!"
Sokka says: "See, the problem with the old war balloon was you could get it air-borne,  You could put a hole in the top, but then all the hot air would escape."
Sokka says: "So the question became, how do you keep a lid on hot air?"
Katara says: "Ugh, if only we knew."
Sokka says: "A lid is actually the answer."
Sokka says: "If you control the hot air, you control the war balloon."
Katara says: "Huh, that's actually pretty smart."
Sokka says: "Okay, we've got four kinds of bombs:  smoke, slime, fire, and..."
Mechanist says: "Stink!"
Mechanist says: "Never underestimate the power of stink!"
Cut to exterior shot of temple. Everyone is outside, watching anxiously for any sign of the Fire Nation.
Girl says: "They're coming!"
Teo says: "Are we ready?"
Katara says: "Yes."
Katara says: "But where's Sokka with the war balloon?"
Aang says: "We'll have to start without it."
Cut to shot of people readying their flying machines for take off. They begin the assault as their gliders fly off into the air. Cheers from the crowd below. Cut to Fire Nation troops climbing the cliff path. They are attacked by the various bombs thrown at them. Cut back to Aang and the other flyers going down through the clouds. The gliders fly over the Fire Nation troops dropping bombs below. Cut to Fire Nation troops on the cliff edge.
Fire Nation soldier says: "Take them out of the sky."
Fire Nation soldier says: "Now!"
Cut to more gliders dropping bombs. Fire Nation soldiers cough and some fall off the cliff. Cut to Aang jumping onto an air scooter, moving across a ledge, causing snow to fall onto soldiers below before jumping back onto his glider. Cut to the soldiers retreating.
Aang says: "We've got them on the run!"
Aang says: "We need more slime!"
Cut to gliders flying up through the clouds to Appa and receiving more bombs from Katara. Hooks fly through the clouds nearly hitting Appa and latching onto the cliff. Cut to tanks scaling the cliffs via the chains. Aang sees this and manages to remove one hook. The tank falls before sending out another hook. Cut to distance shot of temple with tanks closing in. Gliders continue to fly dropping bombs in an attempt to slow the tanks down. Many cuts to interiors of tanks showing soldiers firebending out of them. Aang lands and airbends the tanks away. The tanks flip over and readjust themselves before continuing on. Cut to Katara and Teo in sky.
Katara says: "Those things are unstoppable!"
Teo says: "I think I know how they work."
Teo says: "I remember my dad tinkering with the counterbalancing system."
Teo says: "Something to do with water."
Teo says: "Works great, huh?"
Katara says: "Water?"
Katara says: "Can you get me close to one?"
Teo says: "No problem!"
Cut to aerial view of Aang fending off firebending blasts. Cut to Katara landing next to him. Katara freezes multiple tanks with waterbending. Camera zooms out to show more tanks. Aang defends Katara from fire blasts before Appa drops in front and knocks the tanks away. Cut to behind Appa showing Katara and Aang climbing up his tail. Cut to Aang and Katara looking down at the oncoming force. Cut to the temple balcony with Katara, Aang and Teo.
Teo says: "We're out of bombs!"
Katara says: "Come on Sokka."
Katara says: "Where's that war balloon?"
The war balloon appears behind Katara. Cut to wide-view of temple balcony with war balloon in background. Cut to view of soldiers and tanks advancing forward with war balloon above. Cut to view of Sokka and the mechanist on the war balloon.
Sokka says: "Hey, why aren't they shooting at us?"
Mechanist says: "The insignia!"
Mechanist says: "They think we're on their side."
Mechanist says: "Bombs away!"
Cut to ground view of soldiers being washed away by slime. Cut to above war balloon showing Sokka cut another rope. Cut back to view of soldiers and balloon showing the bombs stopping some of soldiers and tanks. Cut to shot under balloon showing Sokka and the mechanist looking down.
Sokka says: "Oh no, that was the last one."
Mechanist says: "Wait a second."
Mechanist says: "You smell that?"
Sokka says: "Rotten eggs!"
Sokka says: "There!"
Sokka says: "That's were the gas is escaping."
Cut to close-up of Sokka with the expression of having an idea. Cut to tanks scaling cliff side. Cut to Earth Kingdom civilians trying to knock the hooks away. Cut to Sokka and the mechanist on the balloon. Sokka is levering the engine away from the bottom of the balloon in an attempt to get it free.
Mechanist says: "What are you doing?"
Mechanist says: "That's our fuel source."
Sokka says: "It's the only bomb we've got."
Cut to view below the balloon as the engine drops to the crevice below. Cut to exterior of temple as the army advances on the temple. Cut to a view of Katara, Aang and Teo looking down. Cut to Sokka and the mechanist on balloon. Cut to wide-view of the temple and the war balloon in distance. An explosion goes off and the temple is blocked from view. Cut to Sokka and the mechanist on war balloon, smoke covers the view. Cut to Katara, Aang and Teo with smoke again covering the view. Cut to wide shot of temple with smoke dissipating. Cut to chains hanging off the cliffs, no tanks in sight. Cut to balcony and view of cliffs below.
Aang says: "Look!"
Aang says: "They're retreating!"
Sokka says: "We're going down!"
Cut to view of war balloon falling.
Sokka says: "Get ready!"
Cut to Aang flying toward them. Cut to behind the war balloon as Aang circles it. Sokka throws the boomerang toward Aang which latches onto his glider. Cut to Sokka and the mechanist being pulled out of the balloon and dragged away with the mechanist moaning in fright. Cut to show war balloon floating away. The scene ends and cuts to the temple.
Aang says: "You know what?"
Aang says: "Maybe you weren't born here, but you found this empty shell and made it your home."
Aang says: "And now you protect each other."
Teo says: "That means a lot, coming from you."
Cut to panning shot of the people, with the mechanist turning away from the crowd and looking down as though sad. Cut to snowy trees in a forest below the temple. The Fire Nation capturing and figuring out how to use the war balloon.
Qin says: "This defeat is the gateway to many victories."
Cut to behind the Fire Nation soldiers as they begin inflating the balloon up with firebending. Cut to close-up of Fire Nation insignia.
Scene fades to credits.