The episode opens with a reddish sky due to Sozin's Comet as the camera pans to the left. The scene cuts to Ozai throwing a left-curved fire blast, followed with a right-curved blast. He fires a straight blast. Cuts to inside Aang's earth sphere shield as he endures the blasts.
Ozai says: "Come on out, Avatar!"
Ozai says: "You can't hide in there forever!"
The scene changes to the airship fleet. Sokka and Toph are running on top of one of three airships.
Sokka says: "Toph, metalbend the rudder so it's jammed in a turning position."
Sokka says: "The ship will spiral and slam into the others."
Toph says: "Got it!"
Sokka says: "Have I ever mentioned how sweet it is that you invented metalbending?"
Toph says: "You could stand to mention it more."
A firebender comes out of the ship and fires at Sokka and Toph. Dragging Toph along, Sokka jumps off the ship, planting his sword in the side of vessel the stop their descent. He manages to slow them down, though they still fall off and roughly land on a platform below; Sokka breaks his leg in the process, and his sword embeds itself in the metal just in front of him. Toph, however, falls off the platform, though Sokka manages to grab hold of her hand at the last moment.
Sokka says: "My leg!"
Sokka says: "Hang on Toph!"
Toph says: "Aye, aye, Captain."
Two firebenders emerge on the platforms beside them, posing a threat from two sides. As one of the soldiers is about to firebend at them, Sokka throws his boomerang at him, knocking him out. He kicks his sword in to his hand and throws it at the remaining soldier's platform; it cuts right through the metal and plummets to the forest below.
Sokka says: "Bye, space sword."
More Imperial Firebenders come outside, ready to finish the pair. Sokka also starts to lose his grip on Toph.
Sokka says: "I don't think boomerang's coming back, Toph."
Sokka says: "It looks like this is the end."
Toph says: "How did that happen?"
Toph says: "Did boomerang come back?"
The scene changes to Aang and Ozai's battle. Ozai is still throwing fire blasts at Aang. He blasts Aang a few more times and rises up to fly toward the shell to shoot an enormous, continuous blast of fire at Aang. Ozai steps back to charge another intense attack causing Aang's rock shield to be crushed and Aang protects himself with an airbending shield but is pushed back by the force of the attack, crashing into a rock pillar. The scar on his back is hit with a point of the rock, causing him to flashback to when he was shot by lightning. Cut to him during the Avatar State as Roku explains how the ability works. Cut to Kyoshi as the camera pans across revealing more Avatars, all with their eyes lit up. Cut briefly to Roku, before cutting back to the Avatar line. Cut again briefly to Aang entering the Avatar State in the catacombs, and back to the Avatar line. Cut briefly to Aang opening his eyes in the Avatar State and to the large Avatar State version of himself he saw while meditating. Cut back to Ozai approaching Aang who is covered by a pile of rubble.
Ozai says: "Come on out, little boy."
Ozai says: "You're about to be..."
Aang jumps out, now in the Avatar State, and grabs Ozai by his goatee. Ozai tries to firebend at the Avatar, but Aang merely knocks his hand away. He creates a blast of air sending Ozai flying backward. Cut briefly to an over the shoulder of Aang view of Ozai being forced away, crashing into a pillar of rock. He falls down to the ground and as the dust clears he looks up at Aang in the sky with a sphere of air around him. Aang proceeds to roar and creates fire out of his mouth, fists and feet. Aang creates a massive gust of air causing Ozai to cover himself as he groans in struggle. Pillars of earth disintegrate and move toward Aang as other pieces of rock rise up from the ground to surround Aang. Water also rises toward Aang as he creates a ring of fire around himself. The earth begins to create a ring inside the air sphere as the water continues to rise up and form another ring inside the earth sphere. Cut to Ozai who watches, covering his head with his arms. Cut back to Aang as the camera zooms out to show him surrounded by a ring of water, a ring of earth, a sphere of air and a ring of fire.
The scene changes to the liberation of Ba Sing Se as Bumi rises out of the ground with earthbending. He turns around as Fire Nation tanks appear and fire on him, but he blocks it with earthbending. He lowers the barrier smiling. He shoots rocks at the holes where they shoot fire. He subsequently uses earthbending to shoot them into the air and they land piled on top of one another while the soldiers come out the tank groaning in pain. Cut to Iroh as he burns the Fire Nation flag on Ba Sing Se Royal Palace to reveal the Earth Kingdom insignia.
The scene changes to Aang and Ozai. Aang charges at Ozai, ramming him, and blows him off his Elemental Sphere. Ozai flies away from Aang. Aang uses earthbending to shoot machine gun-like earth bullets at him. Aang chases a fleeing Ozai.
The scene changes to the Comet-Enhanced Agni Kai. A few small flames can be seen, and in the middle of them is a badly injured Zuko. He tries to get up, but he is too hurt from the lighting strike and he falls down. Katara rushes to try and help him, but Azula launches a fire blast in front of her before she can reach him. She laughs manically and shoots lightning which Katara dodges. Zuko attempts to get back up, but is too weak and can do nothing but watch as Azula shoots another lightning bolt at Katara, which she dodges. Katara turns to watch as Azula lands on a roof nearby. She begins charging another lightning attack.
Azula says: "I'd really rather our family physician look after Little Zuzu if you don't mind."
Azula says: "Zuzu, you don't look so good!"
She shoots at Katara again. Katara manages to dodge her and moves behind another column. She spots water nearby and bends it onto the roof, but Azula has moved. Azula comes from behind her on fire jets and Katara is forced to flee. She uses the nearby water channel to make ice to slide on as Azula chases after her and fires another blast of fire which vaporizes it completely. Azula unleashes a large burst of fire, but Katara manages to get away. Katara gets off her ice path, but trips on a grate and sees some water below. She looks up and grabs some chains hanging from the wall. Cut to a wide-view of the area as Azula approaches the grates.
Azula says: "There you are, filthy peasant!"
After a brief stare down, Katara uses multiple water whips to force Azula onto the grate. Azula is about to shoot lightning at her when Katara freezes them both with the water under the grate. Katara melts the water around her and chains Azula's hands together tied to the grate. Katara bends the water back into the grate. After catching her breath, she tightens the chains to make sure Azula cannot get free and rushes to heal Zuko. Cut to Katara as she rolls Zuko on to his back and begins healing him. Zuko opens his eyes, feeling the pain lessen, and smiles weakly at Katara, who smiles back as a she sheds a tear.
Zuko says: "Thank you, Katara."
Katara says: "I think I'm the one who should be thanking you."
She helps him up. Azula pants in anger, screams in madness, and breathes fire, writhing in an attempt to break free. Finally she stops and begins to cry uncontrollably. Katara and Zuko watch in horror and pity.
The scene changes to Avatar Aang and Phoenix King Ozai. Aang still chases Ozai and uses earthbending to move two pillars in front of Ozai, who recoils and flies away. Aang sends a wave of water at Ozai, causing him to crash to the ground. As Ozai recovers and looks up, Aang bursts through the pillar he landed near. Ozai retreats backward and shoots a stream of fire at Aang. In slow motion, Aang drops to the ground narrowly missing Ozai who propels himself away with fire from his feet. Aang rises and begins following the fleeing Ozai again. Ozai lands on a pillar and launches a wide fire blast at Aang, who uses earthbending to move two large pillars to protect himself. Aang breaks and lets the pillars fall as Ozai flies away again. Aang unleashes multiple blasts of fire toward Ozai, who manages to dodge them. Ozai lands on the side of a pillar and launchers three similar fire blasts at an approaching Aang, who uses air and water to disperse them. Aang fires a strong blast of air at Ozai, disintegrating the pillar he stood on but he manages to get away. Aang continues to chase him as Ozai looks back, realizing Aang is catching up. Aang moves his arm in a circular motion causing water to wrap itself around Ozai's leg and up to his outstretched arm, whipping him around, before slamming him on top of a pillar. Aang flies forward and earthbends Ozai's hands and feet to the ground, trapping him. Helpless, Ozai watches fearfully as Aang hovers over him, his voice echoing with the fury of his predecessors.
Aang says: "Fire Lord Ozai, you and your forefathers have devastated the balance of this world, and now you shall pay the ultimate price!"
Aang says: "No, I'm not gonna end it like this."
Ozai says: "Even with all the power in the world, you are still weak!"
Ozai moves to attack Aang who senses it with the seismic sense he learned from Toph. He stamps down and lifts a foot up, dragging a pillar of earth along with him, deflecting Ozai's attack and binding him inside the rock. He circles Ozai and proceeds to bind his other hand as Ozai attempts to attack again. He pulls the rocks down into the earth slightly, causing Ozai to kneel. Ozai attempts one final fire breath attack, but Aang uses airbending to stop and approach him and puts one hand on Ozai's forehead, and one on his chest, while he watches in horror.
Aang closes his eyes and it flashes back to Aang's meeting with the lion turtle.
Lion turtle says: "In the era before the Avatar, we bent not the elements but the energy within ourselves."
The lion turtle places his paw in a similar position to Aang's hands on Ozai using its claws. The claws begin to glow green light as the camera cuts to a close-up of the lion turtle's eye before fading to Aang. Aang's head arches back and blue energy shines out of his eyes and mouth into the sky. Cut to a side-view of the event before cutting to a close-up of Ozai's terrified face as his eyes and mouth begin to shine out red energy. Aang's, followed by Ozai's, bodies become consumed by the blue and red energies. Cut to a wide-view of the area showing half blue and half red energy in the sky.
Lion turtle says: "To bend another's energy, your own spirit must be unbendable or you will be corrupted and destroyed."
As he speaks, Ozai's energy begins to make its way to Aang's body, consuming the blue and replacing it with red energy. Cut to a view above Aang looking down at his face as the energy reaches his face and continues to cover the beams shining out his mouth and eyes. Cut to a side-view as the red light begins to take control and the blue light diminishes. Cut to close-up of Aang as the red energy has taken over almost completely with just one eye left. The blue energy begins to disappear, but at the last second it blasts out of Aang's eyes, overwhelming the red energy in the process and proceeding to take over Ozai's own body. Cut to a wide shot of the area as Aang completely takes over Ozai's energy and an intense beam of blue energy erupts into the sky. The beam disappears and Ozai falls to the ground as Aang releases him. Ozai attempts to rise and attack, but falls back exhausted and unable to bend.
Ozai says: "What?"
Ozai says: "What did you do to me?"
Aang says: "I took away your firebending."
Aang says: "You can't use it to hurt or threaten anyone else ever again."
Aang steps forward and looks toward the sea as fire spreads on the land below. Aang breathes deeply and enters the Avatar State briefly, showing his control of the ability. Aang begins to bend the water from the ocean below to extinguish the fires. Cut to many shots of the water rising to extinguish the fires. Cut back to Aang as he lowers the water back to its normal level. Cut to a side-view of Aang as the camera zooms out as Momo returns to Aang's shoulder. Cut to the comet flying away as Sokka, Toph, and Suki are seen leaving the airship they were on. Sokka is being carried by the other two due to his broken leg.
Sokka says: "You did it!"
Sokka says: "You should've seen yourself, it was amazing!"
Suki says: "So did you, you know..."
Suki says: "finish the job?"
Aang says: "I learned there was another way to defeat him and restore balance."
Aang says: "I took his bending away."
Toph says: "Wow!"
Toph says: "Who taught you that?"
Aang says: "A giant lion turtle."
Toph says: "You have the craziest adventures when you disappear."
Sokka says: "Well, look at you, buster."
Sokka says: "Now that your firebending's gone I guess we should call you the Loser Lord."
Toph says: "Oh, sorry."
Toph says: "Didn't mean to offend you, Phoenix King of Getting His Butt Whooped."
Suki says: "Yeah!"
Suki says: "Or how about King of the..."
Suki says: "Guys Who..."
Suki says: "Don't Win?"
Toph says: "Leave the nicknames to us, honey."
Cut to a shot of the comet leaving, returning the sky to the darkness of night time. Cuts to inside the Fire Nation Royal Palace. Zuko is having trouble putting on his Fire Lord robes due to his injury.
Mai says: "You need some help with that?"
Zuko says: "Mai!"
Zuko says: "You're okay!"
Zuko says: "They let you out of prison?"
Mai says: "My uncle pulled some strings."
Mai says: "And it doesn't hurt when the new Fire Lord is your boyfriend."
Zuko says: "So does this mean you don't hate me anymore?"
In the Fire Nation Coronation Plaza says: "The Duke hugs Toph, and she reciprocates as Pipsqueak and members of the Foggy Swamp Tribe watch."
people from all over the world have congregated for the coronation of the new Fire Lord says: "The Duke hugs Toph, and she reciprocates as Pipsqueak and members of the Foggy Swamp Tribe watch."
among which several familiar faces says: "The Duke hugs Toph, and she reciprocates as Pipsqueak and members of the Foggy Swamp Tribe watch."
In the Fire Nation Coronation Plaza says: "Sokka and Katara look for and find Chief Hakoda."
people from all over the world have congregated for the coronation of the new Fire Lord says: "Sokka and Katara look for and find Chief Hakoda."
among which several familiar faces says: "Sokka and Katara look for and find Chief Hakoda."
Katara says: "Dad!"
Sokka says: "Dad!"
Hakoda says: "I heard what you two did."
Hakoda says: "I am the proudest father in the world."
The Kyoshi Warriors approach.
Sokka says: "There's my favorite warriors!"
Sokka says: "I have to admit, I kind of missed the face paint."
Sokka says: "So how does it feel to be in uniform again?"
Ty Lee says: "It feels great!"
Sokka says: "Careful, Suki!"
Sokka says: "Ty Lee is pretending to be a Kyoshi Warrior again."
Suki says: "It's okay."
Suki says: "She's one of us now."
Ty Lee says: "Yeah, the girls and I really bonded in prison."
Ty Lee says: "And after a few chi blocking lessons, they said I could join their group."
Ty Lee says: "We're going to be best friends forever."
Cut to inside the Royal Palace, where Aang, now wearing the robes and necklace of an airbending master, opens his eyes from his meditation as Zuko approaches, still wearing the Fire Lord attire.
Zuko says: "I can't believe a year ago my purpose in life was hunting you down."
Zuko says: "And now..."
Aang says: "And now we're friends."
Zuko says: "Yeah, we are friends."
Aang says: "I can't believe a year ago I was still frozen in a block of ice."
Aang says: "The world's so different now."
Cut to outside the palace with people from the Fire Nation, the Water Tribe, the Earth Kingdom and the Foggy Swamp Tribe all outside. Cut to a side-view as Zuko walks past while a gong is struck. Cut to a overhead view of the crowd with Zuko approaching. The crowd cheers. Front view of Zuko as he raises his hand.
Zuko says: "Please."
Zuko says: "The real hero is the Avatar."
Zuko says: "But with the Avatar's help, we can get it back on the right path and begin a new era of love and peace."
Zuko kneels down, preparing to be crowned Fire Lord. Cut to a Fire Sage approaching with the headpiece.
Cut to Zuko walking toward the cheering crowd, gesturing Aang to follow him. Aang approaches and they look briefly at each other before looking out at the crowd. Cut to Zuko walking to the Fire Nation Prison Tower. Cuts to inside as he enters Ozai's cell.
Ozai says: "I should count myself lucky."
Ozai says: "The new Fire Lord has graced me with his presence in my lowly prison cell."
Zuko says: "You should count yourself lucky that the Avatar spared your life."
Ozai says: "Hmph."
Zuko says: "Banishing me was the best thing you could have done for my life."
Zuko says: "It put me on the right path."
Zuko says: "Perhaps your time in here could do the same for you."
Ozai says: "Why are you really here?"
Zuko says: "Because you're going to tell me something."
Zuko says: "Where is my mother?"
In Ba Sing Se, kids are now using the stacked Fire Nation tanks as a game. Cut to the Jasmine Dragon, Appa looking in from the outside. Cut inside as Zuko is serving Team Avatar tea and Iroh is playing the tsungi horn. Aang is playing with Momo. Sokka is painting a picture.
Sokka says: "Zuko, stop moving!"
Sokka says: "I'm trying to capture the moment."
Sokka says: "I wanted to do a painting, so we always remember the good times together."
Katara says: "That's very thoughtful of you, Sokka."
Katara says: "Wait, why did you give me Momo's ears?"
Sokka says: "Those are your hair loopies!"
Zuko says: "At least you don't look like a boar-q-pine!"
Zuko says: "My hair is not that spiky!"
Mai says: "I look like a man."
Suki says: "And why did you paint me firebending?"
Sokka says: "I thought it looked more exciting that way."
Iroh says: "Hey, my belly's not that big anymore."
Iroh says: "I've really trimmed down."
Toph says: "Well I think you all look perfect!"
Aang walks past Appa, petting him briefly, before he moves to watch the sun set. Katara approaches from behind with a smile on her face and turns to Aang. Aang turns to look at her and he smiles back. Cut to close-up of Katara smiling and blushing. She places a hand on his shoulder and they hug. Cut to close-up view of Aang before cutting to Katara as they smile and open their eyes. They step out of the embrace and look out at the sun set as the camera pans back, but cuts back to Katara turning to face Aang. Aang turns to face her and Katara passionately kisses Aang, who returns it and they embrace each other as they kiss. Cut to a shot of them still kissing with the sun on the horizon and Ba Sing Se in the background as the camera pans up to the sky. The words "The End" fade in. Fade to credits.