The episode opens in a mountainous terrain at sunrise as it pans down and to the right. All of Team Avatar is sleeping. Cut to Aang rising and jumping up with airbending, barefoot, and filled with excitement.
Aang says: "Today's the day!"
Aang says: "Sorry."
The ground shakes, causing Aang to turn to look toward the source of the rumbling. The camera quickly pans to the left to an earth tent, the slabs of which are tossed in every direction mere moments after. As the dust clears, Toph is standing in the middle with her left hand raised in the air.
Toph says: "Goooood morning,  earthbending student!"
Cut to the side-shot of Appa, with Momo on his head, Sokka, still sleeping and curled up within his sleeping bag with Aang standing at his feet, and Katara, who is sitting upright in her own sleeping bag. Toph walks over to them.
Aang says: "Good morning, Sifu Toph."
Katara says: "Hey, you never called me Sifu Katara."
Aang says: "Well, if you think I should..."
Sokka suddenly sits up, grumbling at Aang. Cut to a closer shot of Aang, who looks down in wonder, and Toph, who has a smile on her face.
Toph says: "Sorry, Snoozles, we'll do our earthbending as  quietly as we can."
Cut to a close-up of Toph's feet as she slams her left heel into the ground, creating a crack. Cut to a side-shot of Sokka, who had laid himself back down. An earth pillar rises up right underneath him, catapulting him screaming into the air. Cut to an aerial shot of the team's camping spot as Sokka flies directly toward the camera. After he has flown so close to the camera that the shot was nothing more than a close-up of this uvula, the scene cuts back to ground level of the campsite, where Katara is standing up and joins Toph and Aang in looking toward the sky. Sokka crashes to the ground in their middle with a loud thud. He immediately jumps to his feet, still in his sleeping bag with only his head visible, and hops toward Aang while grumbling. He stops in front of the Avatar and grumbles to his face, before jumping toward Toph and doing the same to her. He subsequently hops toward the camera and out of the shot, still grumbling angrily. Everyone else turns to watch him go.
Cut to Toph staring after Sokka with her hands to her sides. Aang had jumped up and now softly lands beside her.
Aang says: "whirlpool out of land!"
Toph says: "move a rock."
Aang says: "Sounds good, sounds good!"
Cuts to another part of the canyon where Toph and Aang are standing in front of two rocks as Katara watches.
Toph says: "The key to earthbending is your stance."
Toph says: "You've got to be steady and strong."
Toph says: "Rock is a stubborn element."
Toph says: "If you're going to move it, you've got to be like a rock yourself."
Aang says: "Like a rock."
Aang says: "Got it."
Toph says: "Good."
Toph says: "Now the actual motion of this one is pretty simple."
Toph says: "Okay, you ready to give it a try?"
Aang says: "I'm ready."
Sokka says: "Rock beats airbender!"
Iroh has a flashback in a dream about Lu Ten. Lu Ten pretends to firebend at Iroh who fakes a groan and falls over.
Lu Ten says: "I got you, Dad!"
Both laugh as the scene fades to Iroh in a dream sitting over Lu Ten's tomb.
Iroh says: "My beloved Lu Ten, I will see you again."
The scene fades again as Iroh wakes up to Zuko calling him.
Zuko says: "Uncle..."
Zuko says: "you were unconscious."
Zuko says: "Azula did this to you."
Zuko says: "It was a surprise attack."
Iroh says: "Somehow, that's not so surprising."
Zuko says: "So Uncle, I've been thinking."
Zuko says: "It's only a matter of time before I run into Azula again."
Zuko says: "I'm going to need to know more advanced firebending if I want to stand a chance against her."
Zuko says: "I know what you're going to say: she's my sister and I should be trying to get along with her."
Iroh says: "It's time to resume your training."
Back at the canyon. Katara and Toph are standing next to the boulder Aang tried to move. Aang walks up, a hand behind his head.
Katara says: "I don't understand what went wrong."
Katara says: "He did it exactly the way you did."
Aang says: "Maybe there's another way..."
Aang says: "what if I came at the boulder from another angle?"
Toph says: "No."
Toph says: "That's the problem."
Toph says: "You've got to stop thinking like an airbender."
Toph says: "There's no different angle, no clever solution, no trickety-trick that's going to move that rock."
Toph says: "You've got to face it head on."
Toph says: "And when I say head on, I mean like this..."
Aang says: "Whoa!"
Toph begins to walk away, but Katara stops her.
Katara says: "I've been training Aang for a while now."
Katara says: "He really responds well to a positive teaching experience."
Katara says: "Lots of encouragement and praise."
Katara says: "Kind words."
Katara says: "If he's doing something wrong, maybe a gentle nudge in the right direction."
Toph says: "Thanks, Katara."
Toph says: "A gentle nudge."
Toph says: "I'll try that."
Toph says: "Keep your knees high, Twinkle Toes!"
Cut to Aang carrying a large rock on his back, struggling to hold it up. The camera zooms out, showing Toph in the background stomping down and causing pillars of rock to rise underneath Aang's feet as he walks. Aang loses his balance and falls off-screen.
The next move shows Toph digging through rock with her fingers. The camera pans over and Aang rubs his hands together and tries to do the same thing, but smashes his hand against the rock and grunts in pain.
Toph says: "Rock-like!"
Next, Toph gives Aang one of Sokka's weapons, much to Sokka's dismay. Cut to Sokka's face with Toph's hand holding him back. He grunts, trying to move forward. Cut to a side-view, showing Sokka struggling to get his club back from Toph, who is holding it to the side and preventing Sokka from grabbing it. She shoves him backward and he stalks offscreen. She hands the weapon to Aang. He is blindfolded as he tries to smash rocks Toph brings up. He finally gets one after about five times. Cut to Toph, who nods in approval.
During their next session, Toph builds herself into a shield of rock which Aang has to push back over a marked boundary. He is successful. His training begins to move smoothly.
During another training session Aang is standing on two pillars of earth tossing a rock into the air while switching hands to catch it each time. Toph walks between the two pillars of earth and uses earthbending to shake the pillars.
Toph says: "Rock-like!"
The camera pans up to reveal Aang holding a solid stance without losing his balance. Toph appears on a pillar near him and nods. Aang smiles, knowing he is finally getting the hang of it.
In another part of the canyon, Sokka is looking for food when he stumbles upon an animal.
Sokka says: "You're awfully cute, but unfortunately you're made of meat."
Sokka says: "Just a bit closer..."
Sokka says: "You are one lucky little meat creature."
Back at Iroh and Zuko's setup.
Iroh says: "Lightning is a pure form of firebending, without aggression."
Iroh says: "It is not fueled by rage or emotion the way other firebending is."
Iroh says: "Some call lightning the cold-blooded fire."
Iroh says: "It is precise and deadly, like Azula."
Iroh says: "To perform the technique requires peace of mind."
Zuko says: "I see."
Zuko says: "That's why we're drinking tea, to calm the mind."
Iroh says: "Oh yeah, good point!"
Iroh says: "I mean, yes."
Zuko says: "I'm ready to try it!"
Iroh says: "Remember, once you separate the energy, you do not command it."
Iroh says: "You are simply its humble guide."
Iroh says: "Breathe first."
Zuko takes a deep breath. He tries to generate lightning, but instead an explosion launches him back. Iroh shakes his head in disappointment.
Back at the canyon, Aang's earthbending training continues.
Toph says: "This time we're going to try something a little different."
Toph says: "Instead of moving a rock, you're going to stop a rock."
Toph says: "Get in your horse stance!"
Toph says: "I'm going to roll that boulder down at you."
Toph says: "If you have the attitude of an earthbender, you'll stay in your stance and stop the rock."
Toph says: "Like this!"
Katara says: "Sorry Toph, but are you really sure this is the way to teach Aang earthbending?"
Toph says: "I'm glad you said something."
Toph says: "Actually there is a better way."
Toph says: "This way, you'll actually have to sense the vibrations of the boulder to stop it."
Toph says: "Thank you, Katara."
Aang says: "Yeah, thanks, Katara!"
Katara says: "Heh."
Cut to Toph standing at the top of the hill with Aang at the bottom. She shoves the rock forward and it begins to roll down the slope. Aang looks worried and afraid as it rolls toward him. He jumps over the boulder at the last second, causing it to roll past and crash into the cliff. Toph comes running toward Aang.
Aang says: "I guess I just panicked."
Aang says: "I don't know what to say."
Toph says: "There's nothing to say, you blew it!"
Toph says: "You had a perfect stance, and a perfect form."
Toph says: "But when it came right down to it, you didn't have the guts!"
Aang says: "I know."
Aang says: "I'm sorry."
Toph says: "Yeah, you are sorry!"
Toph says: "If you're not tough enough to stop the rock, then you can at least give it the pleasure of smashing you instead of jumping out of the way like a jelly-boned wimp!"
Toph says: "Now, do you have what it takes to face that rock like an earthbender?"
Aang says: "No, I don't think I do."
Katara says: "Aang, it's no big deal."
Katara says: "You'll take a break and try earthbending again when you're ready."
Katara says: "Besides, you still have a lot of waterbending to work on."
Katara says: "Okay?"
Aang says: "Yeah, that sounds good."
Toph says: "Yeah, whatever, go splash around until you feel better."
They all exit.
Back to Zuko and Iroh. Another attempt by Zuko to generate lightning fails.
Zuko says: "Why can't I do it?"
Zuko says: "Instead of lightning it keeps exploding in my face..."
Zuko says: "like everything always does."
Iroh says: "I was afraid this might happen."
Iroh says: "You will not be able to master lightning until you have dealt with the turmoil inside you."
Zuko says: "What turmoil?"
Iroh says: "Zuko, you must let go of your feelings of shame if you want your anger to go away."
Zuko says: "But I don't feel any shame at all."
Zuko says: "I'm as proud as ever."
Iroh says: "Prince Zuko, pride is not the opposite of shame, but its source."
Iroh says: "True humility is the only antidote to shame."
Zuko says: "Well, my life has been nothing but humbling lately."
Iroh says: "I have another idea."
Iroh says: "I will teach you a firebending move that even Azula doesn't know, because I made it up myself."
Back to Sokka, who remains trapped with the small, brown animal.
Sokka says: "You probably think I deserve this, don't you?"
Sokka says: "Look, I'm sorry I hunted you, but that's just the natural order of things."
Sokka says: "Big things eat smaller things, nothing personal."
Sokka says: "But this time it didn't work out that way."
Sokka says: "I admit it..."
Sokka says: "you're cute."
Sokka says: "Okay, you convinced me, if I get out of this alive, it's a karmically correct, vegetarian existence for me."
Sokka says: "No meat."
Sokka says: "Even though meat is so tasty."
Sokka says: "Now, come back boomerang."
In a pond in another part of the canyon. Momo tries to grab a frog. Aang and Katara move a single blob of water back and forth among each other in a circular motion.
Katara says: "You know this block you're having is only temporary, right?"
Aang says: "I don't want to talk about it."
Katara says: "You do realize that's the problem, don't you?"
Aang says: "I know, I know, I know, I know!"
Aang says: "I get it, all right?"
Aang says: "I need to face it head on like a rock, but I just can't do it."
Aang says: "I don't know why I can't, but I can't."
Katara says: "Aang, if fire and water are opposites, then what's the opposite of air?"
Aang says: "I guess it's earth."
Katara says: "That's why it's so difficult for you to get this."
Katara says: "You're working with your natural opposite."
Katara says: "But you'll figure it out."
Katara says: "I know you will."
Katara says: "Think fast!"
Katara says: "Excellent."
Katara says: "You have the reflexes of a waterbending master."
Aang says: "Thanks, Katara."
Aang says: "Sifu Katara."
Katara also bows at Aang. Back to Zuko and Iroh.
Iroh says: "Fire is the element of power."
Iroh says: "The people of the Water Tribe are capable of adapting to many things."
Iroh says: "They have a deep sense of community and love that holds them together through anything."
Zuko says: "Why are you telling me these things?"
Iroh says: "It is important to draw wisdom from many different places."
Iroh says: "If you take it from only one place, it becomes rigid and stale."
Zuko says: "All this four elements talk is sounding like Avatar stuff."
Iroh says: "It is the combination of the four elements in one person that makes the Avatar so powerful."
Iroh says: "But it can make you more powerful, too."
Iroh says: "You see the technique I'm about to teach you is one I learned by studying the waterbenders."
Back to the campsite. Aang is meditating when Toph enters, holding Aang's staff.
Toph says: "Aang, I found these nuts in your bag."
Toph says: "I figured you wouldn't mind."
Toph says: "And besides, even if you did, you're too much of a pushover to do anything about it."
Aang says: "As a matter of fact, I don't mind."
Aang says: "I'm happy to share anything I have."
Toph says: "You know, I'm really glad you feel that way."
Toph says: "Because I also have this great new nutcracker."
She spins Aang's staff above her head. Cut to Aang, who looks over his shoulder with a pained expression on his face. Cut to Toph as she smiles widely, lifts the staff, and starts using it to break nutshells.
Aang says: "Actually, I prefer if you didn't..."
Aang says: "It's a delicate instrument!"
Toph says: "It's not the only delicate instrument around here."
Aang says: "Ohm."
Aang says: "Meditating here!"
Katara says: "It's important."
Katara says: "It's almost sundown and Sokka isn't back yet."
Katara says: "I think we should search for him."
Aang says: "We'll find him faster if we split up."
Back to Sokka.
Sokka says: "Okay, karma person or thing, whoever's in charge of this stuff."
Sokka says: "If I can just get out of this situation alive, I will give up meat and sarcasm."
Sokka says: "Okay?"
Sokka says: "Aang!"
Sokka says: "Thank goodness!"
Sokka says: "Have you got any meat?"
Aang says: "Sokka!"
Aang says: "Are you okay?"
Sokka says: "Aggh, stop, stop!"
Sokka says: "You're going to pull my fingers off and I don't think the rest of me is coming!"
Aang says: "Hmmm..."
Aang says: "I bet I can airbend you out of here."
Sokka says: "Seriously Aang, I know you're new at it, but I could use a little earthbending here."
Sokka says: "How about it?"
Aang says: "I can't..."
Aang says: "I can't do it."
Sokka says: "Well, if you can't earthbend me out of here, go get Toph."
Aang says: "I can't do that either."
Sokka says: "You can't?"
Sokka says: "Why not?"
Aang says: "It would just be really..."
Aang says: "uncomfortable."
Sokka says: "Uncomfortable?"
Sokka says: "Well, I wouldn't want you to feel uncomfortable..."
Aang says: "Thanks, Sokka."
Aang says: "This whole earthbending thing really has me confused."
Aang says: "There's so much pressure."
Aang says: "Everyone expects me to get it right away."
Aang says: "It puts me in a really awkward position."
Sokka says: "Awkward position, I think I know the feeling."
Aang says: "If I try, I fail."
Aang says: "If I don't try, I'm never going to get it."
Aang says: "I feel like I'm caught between a rock and a hard place."
Sokka says: "Hmmm..."
Sokka says: "how about that."
Sokka says: "Aang, this is my friend, Foo Foo Cuddlypoops."
Sokka says: "Foo Foo Cuddlypoops, Aang."
Aang says: "Awww, what a cute name for a baby saber-tooth moose-lion cub."
Sokka says: "Really?"
Sokka says: "He looks nothing like a saber-tooth moose-lion."
Aang says: "It's hard to tell before their giant teeth and horns grow in."
Aang says: "What are you doing out here little guy?"
Aang says: "Did you lose your mama?"
Suddenly, a large moose-lion appears.
The scene cuts back to Zuko and Iroh.
Iroh says: "Waterbenders deal with the flow of energy."
Iroh says: "A waterbender lets their defense become their offense, turning their opponents' energy against them."
Iroh says: "I learned a way to do this with lightning."
Zuko says: "You can teach me to redirect lightning?"
Iroh says: "If you let the energy in your own body flow, the lightning will follow it."
Iroh says: "You must create a pathway from your fingertips, up your arm to your shoulder, then down into your stomach."
Iroh says: "The stomach is the source of energy in your body."
Iroh says: "It is called the sea of chi."
Iroh says: "Only in my case it is more like a vast ocean."
Iroh says: "Now, are you focusing your energy?"
Iroh says: "Can you feel your own chi flowing in, down, up, and out?"
Zuko says: "I think so."
Iroh says: "Come on, you've got to feel the flow."
Iroh says: "Excellent!"
Iroh says: "You've got it!"
Zuko says: "Great, I'm ready to try it with real lightning!"
Iroh says: "What, are you crazy?"
Iroh says: "Lightning is very dangerous!"
Zuko says: "I thought that was the point!"
Zuko says: "You teaching me to protect myself from it!"
Iroh says: "Yeah!"
Iroh says: "But I'm not going to shoot lightning at you!"
Iroh says: "If you're lucky, you will never have to use this technique at all!"
Zuko says: "Well, if you won't help me, I'll find my own lightning."
Back to the canyon, Aang begins to talk to the saber-tooth moose-lion mother.
Aang says: "Hey there, we found your cub!"
Aang says: "See, we have no problem with you!"
Aang says: "We're friendly!"
Sokka says: "Aang, this is bad, you've got to get me out of here!"
The moose-lion charges at Sokka, but Aang sends it over his head with airbending.
Sokka says: "This is really bad!"
Sokka says: "Please Aang, you have to earthbend me out, there's no other way!"
Aang tries, but all his attempts produce nothing.
Aang says: "Oh no!"
Aang says: "Woo-hoo, look at me!"
The moose-lion charges again but is again held off.
Sokka says: "Please, don't leave me again."
Aang says: "I won't."
He stands his ground, and at the last second, throws the moose-lion back with a blast of air. The beast leaves. Suddenly, slight clapping can be heard. Cut to shot of Toph sitting on a rock nearby.
Sokka says: "What are you doing here?"
Toph says: "Just enjoying the show."
Aang says: "What?"
Aang says: "You were there the whole time?"
Toph says: "Pretty much."
Aang says: "Why didn't you do something?"
Aang says: "Sokka was in trouble!"
Aang says: "I was in trouble!"
Aang says: "You could have gotten him out and helped us get away!"
Toph says: "Guess it just didn't occur to me."
Toph says: "Do it now!"
Aang says: "What?"
Toph says: "Earthbend, Twinkle Toes."
Toph says: "You just stood your ground against a crazy beast."
Toph says: "And even more impressive, you stood your ground against me."
Toph says: "You've got stuff."
Toph says: "Do it!"
Aang slams the ground and sends a rock into the canyon wall.
Toph says: "You did it!"
Toph says: "You're an earthbender."
Aang says: "I can't believe it!"
Sokka says: "Awww, this is a really wonderful, touching moment."
Sokka says: "So could you get me out of here so I can give you both a big, snuggly hug?"
Aang says: "No problem, Sokka!"
Toph says: "Actually, you should probably let me do that."
Toph says: "You're still a little new to this."
Toph says: "You might accidentally crush him."
Sokka says: "Yeah, no crushing, please."
Toph kicks up the rock and yanks him out. Nightfall hits. Katara meets up with them.
Katara says: "You found him!"
Sokka says: "The whole time, I was in that hole, not knowing if I was going to live or die."
Sokka says: "It makes a man to think about what's really important."
Katara says: "You did it!"
Katara says: "I knew you would!"
Katara says: "You tried the positive reinforcement, didn't you?"
Toph says: "Yep, it worked wonders."
Aang says: "Appa, Appa, I can earthbend now!"
Aang says: "The key is being completely rooted."
Aang says: "Physically and mentally unmovable!"
Appa licks him and sends him flying a few feet. Sokka laughs hysterically, and Aang laughs as well. Meanwhile, Zuko has tracked down a storm, seeking lightning.
Zuko says: "You've always thrown everything you could at me!"
Zuko says: "Well, I can take it, and now I can give it back!"
Zuko says: "Come on, strike me!"
Zuko says: "You've never held back before!"
No lightning strikes. Tears stream down Zuko's cheeks, and he yells at the top of his lungs.
Fade to credits.