The episode opens to show a koala otter calmly floating on its back on the water, purring slightly. Noticing something approach to its right, it turns its head, chirps, and dives under water as a large shadow passes it by. It turns out to be Appa flying overhead.
Sokka says: "but can't Appa fly any higher?"
Sokka's words barely left his lips as Appa loses more altitude and his paws drag through the water momentarily, before rising slightly again. Cut to a shot from Appa's saddle, showing a bored Katara popping herself up on her elbows, staring into nothingness in front of her, and a peeved Aang looking back from atop Appa's head.
Aang says: "back and you could fly us to the North Pole?!"
Aang says: "!"
Sokka says: "Sokka's ready for take off."
A chirping Momo hops on his back, making Sokka shoot an angry glare at the animal. Cut back to the shot of Katara and Aang, with the latter still staring angrily at Sokka.
Katara says: "Look, we're all just a little tired and cranky because we've been flying for two days straight."
Sokka says: "There's nothing up here."
Cut to Katara and Aang, with the former having laid down her head in boredom, letting it rest on her hands. She looks up in wonder when a slushing sound can be heard. Cut to a frontal shot of Appa, while the water in front of him suddenly rises and solidifies to ice spikes. Cut to a frontal shot of Aang screaming in fright, his eyes wide in horror, as he violently yanks the reins to this right in an attempt to avoid the sudden obstacle. Cut to a side-view of a growling and turning Appa. Cut to the siblings yelling in fright as they hold on for dear life to the sides of the saddle. Cut to a back-shot of a swerving Appa, who suddenly shoots up as another ice spike manifests right in from of him. A close-up shot of his underside shows that he was not quick enough, and part of the ice attaches itself to his leg, freezing instantly. His momentum causes the ice to break, but he is thrown off balance and catapulted away. Frontal shot of Katara and Sokka who loudly scream in fright. Cut to a wider shot of Appa spiraling toward the camera, before switching to an overview shot of him landing into the water, throwing it up high. As he turns upright again, the water around him instantly freezes, and he is locked in place. Cut to the surrounding ice spikes from which Water Tribe boats appear, each carrying several waterbenders, surrounding the team. Cut to a surprised looking Katara and an alarmed looking Sokka who is reaching for his boomerang atop the saddle.
Katara says: "They're waterbenders!"
Katara says: "We found the Water Tribe!"
Cut to a more far-off shot of the scene, revealing Appa to be frozen in the water, with six Water Tribe boats surrounding him.
The scene switches to a Fire Navy base in the Fire Nation harbor. The camera cuts to inside a guarded tent, where Zhao is standing before a map of the Avatar World.
Zhao says: "He's heading north."
Zhao says: "The Northern Water Tribe."
Zhao says: "The Avatar needs to master waterbending."
Zhao says: "He's looking for a teacher."
Li says: "Then what are we waiting for?"
Li says: "Let's go get him!"
Zhao says: "Patience, Captain Li."
Zhao says: "This isn't some little earth village we can just march into."
Zhao says: "The Water Tribe is a great nation."
Zhao says: "There's a reason they've survived a hundred years of war."
Zhao says: "The frozen tundra is treacherous, the landscape itself is an icy fortress."
Zhao says: "We'll need a massive invasion force."
The scene changes to the North Pole where the group is being escorted to the Northern Water Tribe. The magnificent wall of the city comes into view much to everyone's amazement.
Aang says: "There it is!"
Katara says: "The Northern Water Tribe."
Sokka says: "We're finally here."
A portion of the icy wall is lowered, allowing them to enter into the city. Canal workers use waterbending to transport the group into the city.
Katara says: "I can't believe how many waterbenders live up here!"
Aang says: "We'll find a master to teach us, no problem."
The team passes through the channels of the city, catching the attention of several civilians who run over to spectate them. Aang waves happily at the people. As they continue their trek inward, Sokka notices a young lady going by on a boat, capturing his attention. He blushes at the sight of her and leaps onto Appa's tail as she pulls away from view.
Katara says: "This place is beautiful."
Sokka says: "Yeah..."
Sokka says: "she is..."
The scene changes to nightfall, where Zuko's ship is docked in a port. Members of the crew have gathered for music night on the ship. Lieutenant Jee plays a lute as Iroh sings. Several other crew members play instruments or dance.
Iroh says: "Winter, spring..."
Iroh says: "Summer, and fall..."
Iroh says: "Winter, spring..."
Iroh says: "Summer, and fall..."
Iroh says: "Four seasons..."
Iroh says: "four loves..."
Iroh says: "Four seasons..."
Iroh says: "for love."
The music stops as they notice Admiral Zhao boarding the ship, along with two soldiers. The crew looks in surprise at the admiral. A high-pitched chord emits from the lute. The scene switches back to the Northern Water Tribe, where Team Avatar is being honored with a feast, hosted by the tribe's chief. Men play drums and a giant crab is set in a pool of water.
Arnook says: "Tonight, we celebrate the arrival of our brother and sister from the Southern Tribe."
Arnook says: "And they have brought with them, someone very special, someone whom many of us believed disappeared from the world until now..."
Arnook says: "the Avatar!"
Arnook says: "We also celebrate my daughter's sixteenth birthday."
Arnook says: "Princess Yue is now of marrying age!"
Yue says: "Thank you, Father."
Yue says: "May the great Ocean and Moon Spirits watch over us during these troubled times!"
Arnook says: "Now, Master Pakku and his students will perform!"
Pakku and two students bend significant blobs of water, captivating Aang and Katara. They merge the three blobs into one stream, bending it around each other. Yue approaches Sokka.
Sokka says: "Hi there."
Sokka says: "Sokka, Southern Water Tribe."
Katara says: "Ha, prince of what?"
Sokka says: "A lot of things!"
Sokka says: "Do you mind?"
Sokka says: "I'm trying to have a conversation here."
Katara says: "My apologies, Prince Sokka."
Sokka says: "So, it looks like I'm going to be in town for a while."
Sokka says: "I'm thinking..."
Sokka says: "maybe we could..."
Sokka says: "do an activity, together?"
Yue says: "Do an activity?"
Embarrassed while sweating, Sokka stuffs food in his mouth. Screens widens to the left to show Katara clearly enjoying her brother's attempt at courting.
Katara says: "Very smooth..."
Cut to a long shot of the plaza fountain. In front of it stand the Chief, Master Pakku and Aang. Arnook and Aang go to Pakku.
Arnook says: "Master Pakku, meet your newest student, the Avatar."
Pakku says: "Just because you're destined to save the world, don't expect any special treatment."
Aang says: "My friend and I can't wait to start training with you!"
Aang says: "After we relax for a couple of days."
Pakku says: "If you want to relax, then I suggest visiting a tropical island."
Pakku says: "If not, I'll see you both at sunrise."
Pakku says: "Good night."
Back on Zuko's ship. Iroh enters Zuko's room.
Zuko says: "For the last time, I'm not playing the tsungi horn!"
Iroh says: "No, it's about our plans."
Iroh says: "There's a bit of a problem."
Zhao enters.
Zhao says: "I'm taking your crew."
Zhao says: "I've recruited them for a little expedition to the North Pole."
Zuko says: "Uncle, is that true?"
Iroh says: "I'm afraid so."
Iroh says: "He's taking everyone..."
Iroh says: "even the cook."
Zhao says: "Sorry you won't be there to watch me capture the Avatar."
Zhao says: "But I can't have you getting in my way again."
Iroh says: "No!"
Zhao notices a pair of swords on the wall. Cut to a close-up of Zhao's face, swollen in anger as he recognizes the blades. He flashes back to the Rescue in Pohuai Stronghold, where the same swords were wielded by the previously-unknown Blue Spirit. He takes one off the wall; cut to Zuko's face, his eyes wide and mouth open, clearly recognizing the danger he is in. Iroh, visible over Zuko's shoulder, does not. Cut back to Zhao, who begins practicing with the sword he has removed from the wall.
Zhao says: "I didn't know you were skilled with broadswords, Prince Zuko."
Zuko says: "I'm not."
Zuko says: "They're antiques."
Zuko says: "Just decorative."
Zhao says: "Have you heard of the Blue Spirit, General Iroh?"
Iroh says: "Just rumors."
Iroh says: "I don't think he is real."
Zhao says: "He's real, all right."
Zhao says: "General Iroh, the offer to join my mission still stands..."
Zhao says: "if you change your mind."
The next morning, at the Northern Water Tribe.
Katara says: "I've waited for this day my whole life."
Katara says: "I finally get to learn from a real waterbending master!"
Pakku is bending a stream of water.
Aang says: "Good morning, Master Pakku!"
Pakku says: "No, please, march right in."
Pakku says: "I'm not concentrating or anything."
Aang says: "Uhhh..."
Aang says: "This is my friend, Katara."
Aang says: "The one I told you about?"
Pakku says: "I'm sorry, I think there's been a misunderstanding."
Pakku says: "You didn't tell me your friend was a girl."
Pakku says: "In our tribe, it is forbidden for women to learn waterbending."
Cut to a shot panning up Katara's body, her face clearly reflecting the anger she feels.
Cut to a long, overhead shot of the Northern Water Tribe city, looking back from the main wall to the citadel. Cut back to a close up of Katara.
Katara says: "What do you mean you won't teach me?"
Katara says: "I didn't travel across the entire world so you could tell me no!"
Pakku says: "No."
Katara says: "But there must be other female waterbenders in your tribe!"
Pakku says: "Here, the women learn from Yagoda to use their waterbending to heal."
Pakku says: "I'm sure she would be happy to take you as her student, despite your bad attitude."
Katara says: "I don't want to heal, I want to fight!"
Pakku says: "I can see that."
Pakku says: "But our tribe has customs, rules."
Katara says: "Well, your rules stink!"
Aang says: "Yeah, they're not fair!"
Aang says: "If you won't teach Katara, then..."
Pakku says: "Then what?"
Aang says: "Then I won't learn from you!"
Pakku says: "Well, have fun teaching yourself!"
Pakku says: "I'm sure you'll do a great job."
Katara says: "Wait!"
Katara says: "Aang didn't mean that!"
Katara says: "You can't risk your training for me."
Katara says: "You have to learn from Master Pakku, even if he is a big jerk."
Aang nods. Katara exits.
Pakku says: "Why don't we get started, then?"
In another part of the city. Sokka catches up with Princess Yue.
Sokka says: "Princess Yue, good morning!"
Sokka says: "How about that picnic last night?"
Sokka says: "Boy, your dad sure does know how to throw a party."
Yue says: "I'm happy you enjoyed yourself."
Sokka says: "Well, it wasn't as much fun after you left."
Sokka says: "So, I'm still hoping we can see more of each other."
Yue says: "Do an activity, you mean?"
Sokka says: "Yes..."
Sokka says: "at a place..."
Sokka says: "for some time."
Sokka says: "Great!"
Sokka says: "I'll see you– Ah!"
Yue says: "Sorry."
Sokka says: "That's okay, it was worth it."
Sokka says: "See you tonight."
Back at the Fire Navy base.
Zhao says: "I'm very impressed."
Zhao says: "You all seem highly qualified for the mission I have in mind."
The pirate captain pulls a small chest toward him and opens it, a dim glow radiating from within. Pirate Barker Oh takes a piece of gold from the chest and bites down on it.
Oh says: "That's some tasty gold."
Pirate captain says: "What do you need us to do?"
Zhao says: "I believe you're acquainted with Prince Zuko."
Back to the Northern Water Tribe, where Katara enters the healing hut.
Katara says: "Uhhh..."
Katara says: "Hi."
Katara says: "Are you Yagoda?"
Yagoda says: "Are you here for the healing lesson?"
Katara says: "I guess I am."
Yagoda says: "Welcome..."
Yagoda says: "welcome!"
Back at Pakku's class. Aang is working with a stream of water.
Pakku says: "You're moving the water around, but you're not feeling the push and pull."
Aang says: "I'm trying..."
Pakku says: "Maybe that move is too advanced for you."
Pakku says: "Why don't you try an easier one?"
Aang slams down the water in frustration. Back at the healing hut, Katara starts a conversation with Yagoda.
Katara says: "Thanks for the lesson."
Yagoda says: "So, who's the lucky boy?"
Katara says: "Huh?"
Yagoda says: "Your betrothal necklace."
Yagoda says: "You're getting married, right?"
Katara says: "Ah..."
Katara says: "No."
Katara says: "I don't think I'm ready for that yet."
Katara says: "My grandmother gave my mother this necklace and my mother passed it down to me."
Yagoda says: "I recognize this carving!"
Yagoda says: "I don't know why I didn't realize sooner; you're the spitting image of Kanna!"
Katara says: "Wait, how do you know my Gran-Gran's name?"
Yagoda says: "When I was about your age, I was friends with Kanna."
Yagoda says: "She was born here in the Northern Tribe."
Katara says: "She never told me."
Yagoda says: "Your grandmother had an arranged marriage with a young waterbender."
Yagoda says: "He carved that necklace for her."
Katara says: "If Gran-Gran was engaged, why did she leave?"
Yagoda says: "I don't know."
Yagoda says: "That's always been a mystery to me."
Yagoda says: "She left without saying goodbye."
Later that night, at Zuko's ship.
Crew member says: "Good luck!"
Inside Zuko's room.
Iroh says: "The crew wanted me to wish you safe travels."
Zuko says: "Good riddance to those traitors."
Iroh says: "It's a lovely night for a walk."
Iroh says: "Why don't you join me?"
Iroh says: "It would clear your head."
Iroh says: "Or just stay in your room and sit in the dark."
Iroh says: "Whatever makes you happy."
The pirates make their way onto Zuko's ship, bringing up blasting jelly.
Oh says: "Careful with the blasting jelly!"
The fuse to the blasting jelly is lit. The ship explodes.
Iroh says: "Zuko!"
Iroh says: "Zuko..."
Back to the North Pole. Sokka goes to meet Yue, who is looking out over the bridge.
Sokka says: "Hi, Princess Yue."
Sokka says: "I made you something."
Sokka says: "I carved it myself."
Shows her a roughly-crafted creature.
Yue says: "It's a bear."
Sokka says: "Actually, it's supposed to be a fish."
Sokka says: "See, it has a fin."
Yue says: "Oh."
Yue says: "I'm sorry, I made a mistake."
Yue says: "I shouldn't have asked you to come here."
Sokka is left stunned. He throws the fish into the water. Cut to the team's place of stay.
Katara says: "How's warrior training going?"
Aang says: "That bad?"
Sokka says: "No, it's Princess Yue."
Sokka says: "I don't get it, one minute she wants to go out with me, and the next, she's telling me to get lost."
Sokka says: "So, how's waterbending training?"
Aang says: "Master Poophead won't teach her because she's a girl."
Sokka says: "Why don't you just teach her, Aang?"
Katara says: "Why didn't I think of that?"
Katara says: "At night, you can teach me whatever moves you learn from Master Pakku!"
Katara says: "That way, you have someone to practice with, and I get to learn waterbending!"
Katara says: "Everyone's happy!"
Sokka says: "I'm not happy."
Katara says: "But you're never happy."
Katara says: "Come on, Aang."
Outside, near the water.
Katara says: "I got it!"
The water suddenly shoots upward.
Aang says: "That was amazing!"
Katara says: "That wasn't me."
Master Pakku has caught them. He takes the water, freezes it, and sticks the ice crystals into the ground.
Aang says: "I was just showing Katara a few moves."
Pakku says: "You have disrespected me, my teachings, and my entire culture."
Aang says: "I'm sorry, I..."
Pakku says: "You are no longer welcome as my student."
The next morning, the three meet with Chief Arnook, Master Pakku, and Arnook's family members.
Arnook says: "What do you want me to do?"
Arnook says: "Force Master Pakku to take Aang back as his student?"
Katara says: "Yes..."
Katara says: "please!"
Arnook says: "I suspect he might change his mind, if you swallow your pride and apologize to him."
Katara says: "Fine."
Pakku says: "I'm waiting, little girl."
Katara says: "No."
Aang says: "Uhhh..."
Aang says: "Katara?"
Katara says: "I'll be outside if you're man enough to fight me."
Yue gasps. Katara angrily walks out.
Aang says: "I'm sure she didn't mean that."
Sokka says: "Yeah, I think she did."
Back at the Fire Navy base. Zhao meets with Iroh over tea.
Zhao says: "I'm devastated to hear about Prince Zuko."
Zhao says: "Just..."
Zhao says: "devastated."
Iroh says: "The Fire Lord will not be pleased when he learns who was responsible."
Zhao says: "You know who was behind the attack?"
Iroh says: "Yes..."
Iroh says: "pirates."
Iroh says: "We had a run-in with them a while back."
Iroh says: "They wanted revenge."
Zhao says: "So, have you reconsidered my offer?"
Iroh says: "Yes, I accept."
Iroh says: "It will be an honor to serve as your general."
Iroh says: "To the Fire Nation!"
Zhao says: "To victory!"
Back to the Northern Tribe. The three head outside, looking for Pakku.
Sokka says: "Are you crazy, Katara?"
Sokka says: "You're not going to win this fight!"
Katara says: "I know!"
Katara says: "I don't care!"
Aang says: "You don't have to do this for me."
Aang says: "I can find another teacher."
Katara says: "I'm not doing it for you!"
Katara says: "Someone needs to slap some sense into that guy!"
Katara says: "Aren't you going to fight?"
Pakku says: "Go back to the healing huts with the other women where you belong."
Pakku says: "Don't worry, I'm not going to hurt you!"
Katara edges away from the ring and redirects the water away. The resulting blast hits Sokka. Pakku builds an ice wall in defense, which Katara slides up. She lands onto a nearby post. He melts the ice and directs the full blast at her. However, Katara freezes her feet down and is able to direct the blast away.
Katara says: "You can't knock me down!"
Some of the crowd cheers.
Aang says: "Go, Katara!"
Katara charges at him; Pakku draws up a wall of ice, which she quickly liquefies. She attempts to land blows, but Pakku ducks them all. He whips water and throws her into a pool, earning the approval of other members of the crowd.
Katara emerges from pool, shakes out her hair, and summons a small pillar of ice, where she proceeds to send a series of ice discs at her opponent. Pakku breaks up most of them using his wrists. The camera closes up to a slow-motion shot of one coming very close to hitting him. He looks at her in irritation. Katara, now back on the ground, attacks by sending a stream of water at him. However, Pakku generates it into a larger stream of water and sends it full force at her. Katara is sent back several feet. A close-up shot of her shows her bent over, breathing hard. She rises suddenly and sends two snow pillars down at him which Pakku turns to a dusty mist of snow. The mist clears.
Pakku says: "Well, I'm impressed."
Pakku says: "You are an excellent waterbender."
Katara says: "But you still won't teach me, will you?"
Pakku says: "No."
Katara bends over sharply, sending a wave of ice at Pakku, who merely raises himself onto an ice pillar. He proceeds to liquefy the pillar, charging straight at Katara, who sends a powerful stream of water his way. Pakku avoids the attack, instead managing to freeze Katara's stream of water which he slides across. He surges past her and strikes her down, knocking her necklace off in the process. Katara falls roughly to the ground as Pakku lands onto the rim of a pool, bends a tower of water and manipulates the stream overhead his opponent. He deftly freezes the water into several ice shards, which he sends down at Katara. She becomes trapped in the flurry of frozen daggers and appears still for a moment. The crowd gasps in horror; one child looks away in fear. Katara lifts her head and begins to struggle, attempting to break free as Pakku casually strolls away.
Pakku says: "This fight is over."
Katara says: "Come back here."
Katara says: "I'm not finished yet!"
Pakku says: "Yes, you are."
Pakku says: "This is my necklace..."
Katara says: "No, it's not."
Katara says: "It's mine!"
Katara says: "Give it back!"
Pakku says: "I made this sixty years ago for the love of my life..."
Pakku says: "for Kanna."
Katara says: "My Gran-Gran was supposed to marry you?"
Back at the Fire Navy base. The ships are set to begin the trek north. On board, Iroh meets up with Zuko, who is disguised as a shipman.
Iroh says: "Our plan is working perfectly."
Iroh says: "Zhao doesn't suspect a thing."
Zuko says: "You didn't have to do this."
Iroh says: "No nephew of mine is going to stow away on a ship without some backup."
Zuko says: "Thank you, Uncle."
A door opens.
Iroh says: "Someone's coming."
Iroh says: "Stay hidden until we get to the North Pole and the Avatar will be yours."
Iroh says: "Good luck."
The scene changes back to the North Pole.
Pakku says: "I carved this necklace for your grandmother when we got engaged."
Pakku says: "I thought we would have a long, happy life together."
Pakku says: "I loved her."
Katara says: "But she didn't love you, did she?"
Katara says: "It was an arranged marriage."
Katara says: "Gran-Gran wouldn't let your tribe's stupid customs run her life."
Katara says: "That's why she left."
Katara says: "It must have taken a lot of courage."
Yue cries and runs away.
Aang says: "Go get her."
Sokka exits. Later that night, he catches up with her on the bridge.
Yue says: "What do you want from me?"
Sokka says: "Nothing."
Sokka says: "I just want you to know, I think you're beautiful, and, I never thought a girl like you would even notice a guy like me."
Yue says: "You don't understand."
Sokka says: "No, no."
Sokka says: "See, that's the thing."
Sokka says: "I think I do understand now."
Sokka says: "You're a Princess, and I'm..."
Sokka says: "I'm just a Southern peasant."
Yue says: "No, Sokka..."
Sokka says: "It's okay."
Sokka says: "You don't have to say anything."
Sokka says: "I'll see you around, okay?"
Sokka says: "Okay, now I'm really confused."
Sokka says: "Happy, but confused."
Yue says: "I do like you, a lot."
Yue says: "But we can't be together, and not for the reason you think."
Yue says: "It's because..."
Yue says: "I'm engaged."
The next morning, at Pakku's class. Aang turns a blob of water into a stream and awkwardly sends it off.
Pakku says: "Not bad, not bad."
Pakku says: "Keep practicing and maybe you'll get it by the time you're my age."
Aang turns around, annoyed, but quickly smiles when he notices Katara coming up.
Aang says: "Hey, Katara!"
Pakku says: "What do you think you're doing?"
Pakku says: "It's past sunrise."
Pakku says: "You're late."
Aang says: "Good to see you here."
Katara says: "You, too."
Back at the Fire Navy fleet. Zhao and Iroh stand on top of the lead ship.
Zhao says: "My fleet is ready."
Zhao says: "Set a course for the Northern Water Tribe."
Cut to a panning overhead shot, which reveals dozens of Fire Navy ships firing up their engines in preparation to launch the final assault on the Northern Water Tribe.
Fade to white, followed by credits.