The episode opens at night to a wide shot of the Earth Kingdom tavern, Appa resting outside. Cut inside to frontal view of Team Avatar, sans Aang. June kicks a chair in the foreground and sits down and begins drinking her tea.
Sokka says: "She helped you attack us!"
Zuko says: "Yup."
Zuko says: "Back in the good old days."
Cut to wide shot as they all walk up to June.
June says: "Oh great."
June says: "It's Prince Pouty."
June says: "Where's your creepy grandpa?"
Zuko says: "He's my uncle."
Zuko says: "And he's not here."
June says: "I see you worked things out with your girlfriend."
Cut to Zuko and Katara who become flustered and embarrassed, looking at each other as they speak, before cutting to June.
Katara says: "I'm not his girlfriend!"
Zuko says: "She's not my girlfriend!"
June says: "Okay, okay."
June says: "Sheesh."
June says: "I was only teasing."
June says: "So what do you want?"
Zuko says: "I need your help finding the Avatar."
June says: "Hm."
June says: "Doesn't sound too fun."
Zuko says: "Does the end of the world sound like more fun?"
Cut to side-view of Appa and Nyla growling at each other. Appa licks Nyla, and they lay down. They both stand up as the gang and June walking toward them. Cut to frontal view of the approaching group as June holds up a piece of meat.
June says: "Okay."
June says: "So who's got something with the Avatar's scent on it?"
Cut to Katara standing on Appa's back.
Katara says: "I have Aang's staff."
Cut to Nyla as June approaches and holds the staff out in front of Nyla. He sniffs it. Cut to wide-view of the group as Nyla begins to walk around in circles, trying to sniff the scent out somewhere else. Cut to overhead view. Cut to closer view of the group as Nyla returns to June and continues sniffing. Cut to frontal view as Nyla lies back down and covers his nose.
Zuko says: "Well, what does that mean?"
June says: "Means your friend's gone."
Toph says: "We know he's gone."
Toph says: "That's why we're trying to find him."
June says: "He doesn't exist."
Cut to the others as the look on with worry and confusion. The camera cuts to a mysterious island. Cut inside the forestry as Momo is chasing a squirrel creature in a tree. Camera pans across the branch as Momo chases the squirrel and Aang is seen walking around.
Aang says: "Where are we, Momo?"
Aang says: "Maybe if we climb to the top of the island, we can figure out where we are."
Cut to close-up of Sokka.
Sokka says: "Do you mean he's..."
Sokka says: "you know, dead?"
Toph says: "Helpful."
Toph says: "Real helpful."
Zuko says: "There's only one other person in this world who can help us face the Fire Lord."
Zuko says: "I'll be right back with a smell sample."
Cut to close-up of a sandal that Zuko holds up. Camera zooms out quickly to show the members of Team Avatar are holding their noses in disgust, except for Zuko and Toph. Zuko looks embarrassed.
Sokka says: "You saved your uncle's sweaty sandal?"
Sokka says: "Ugh!"
Toph says: "I think it's kind of sweet."
Cut to June as Nyla jumps forward. Cut to side-view of Zuko and Nyla as the latter sniffs the sandal.
Zuko says: "Hey!"
Zuko says: "Wait up!"
They all quickly get on Appa. Cut to behind Appa as his tail hits the ground he takes off in the same direction. Cut to side-view of Nyla running up a hill as Appa flies behind. Fade to a shot behind Nyla as he jumps over a cliff edge. Camera pans to the right slightly as Appa follows closely behind. Fade to frontal view of Nyla running along with Appa close behind before Nyla jumps forward toward the camera. Cut to wide-view of Appa and Nyla approaching the destroyed Outer Wall of Ba Sing Se. Cut to frontal view of the wall as Nyla jumps in front of the camera and the camera pans up to show Appa above. Cut to close-up aerial view. The camera pans out as the group stops near the rubble. Appa lands and Nyla starts digging at the wreckage.
Zuko says: "We're going to Ba Sing Se?"
June says: "Good luck."
Cut to side-view of Zuko as Nyla and June leave and he turns to watch. As they disappear over the hill he turns away to the others.
Zuko says: "It's been a long day."
Zuko says: "Let's camp and start our search again at dawn."
Cut back to the island. The camera pans down from trees to Aang and Momo as they approach a strange, flat rock-formation. Cut to a frontal view of Aang looking at the rock-formation. Cut to an aerial view of the entire clearing as Aang steps on to it.
Aang says: "It's a hexagon."
Avatar Roku says: "You're right, Aang."
Avatar Roku says: "if you look deep inside yourself."
Aang says: "So where am I, Roku?"
Aang says: "What is this place?"
Avatar Roku says: "But I see you are lost in more ways than one right now."
Aang says: "I am."
Aang says: "I need to figure out what to do once I face the Fire Lord."
The camera cuts to Appa. The camera pans to the right to show Zuko, Katara, Suki, and Sokka asleep on Appa's legs and tail. Cut to Toph, who is sleeping in an earth tent.
The camera zooms out as the group is surrounded by a wall of fire. Cut to an aerial view of the area showing Team Avatar is trapped. Cut behind the group as the camera pans across to left. The group turn and look up to see Piandao, Jeong Jeong, Pakku, and Bumi. The camera zooms in on Piandao before panning to left to focus on Jeong Jeong, before panning again to Pakku, and finally to Bumi.
Bumi says: "Well, look who's here!"
Cut to Team Avatar looking confused, except for Katara and Sokka, who are both excited.
The scene changes back to the island, which now looks somewhat invisible from the outside. Cut to side-view of Aang on the island, talking to Avatar Roku's spirit.
Aang says: "Everyone expects me to take the Fire Lord's life,  but I just don't know if I can do that."
Cut back to Outer Walls of Ba Sing Se. Wide shot of the entire group now joined by the masters.
Toph says: "We're surrounded by old people."
Katara says: "Not just any old people."
Katara says: "Pakku."
Pakku says: "but how about a hug for your new grandfather?"
Katara says: "You and Gran-Gran must be so happy to have found each other again!"
Pakku says: "I made her a new betrothal necklace and everything."
Sokka says: "Welcome to the family, Gramp-Gramp!"
Pakku says: "You can still just call me Pakku."
Sokka says: "How about Grand-Pakku?"
Katara says: "And this was Aang's first firebending teacher."
Jeong Jeong says: "Jeong Jeong."
Sokka says: "Master Piandao."
Piandao says: "Hello, Sokka."
Suki says: "So wait."
Suki says: "How do you all know each other?"
Piandao says: "We're all part of the same ancient secret society."
Piandao says: "A group that transcends the divisions of the four nations."
Zuko says: "The Order of the White Lotus."
Jeong Jeong says: "The White Lotus has always been about philosophy and beauty and truth."
Jeong Jeong says: "But about a month ago, a call went out that we were needed for something important."
Toph says: "Well, that's who we're looking for."
Piandao says: "Then we'll take you to him."
Bumi says: "Where's Momo?"
Sokka says: "And so is Aang."
Cut back on the island. Cut to Momo behind a branch before flying off. Cut to frontal view of Aang who is meditating as Momo arrives next to him.
Aang says: "Avatar Kyoshi."
Aang says: "I need your wisdom."
Momo runs off. Fade to close-up of Aang. Side-view as the spirit of Avatar Kyoshi appears before him and the camera pans right to where she sits.
Aang says: "Technically, he fell to his own doom because he was too stubborn to get out of the way."
Aang says: "I knew I shouldn't have asked Kyoshi."
Cut back to the rest of the group as the camera pans right to show the group walking with the White Lotus members to their campsite.
Sokka says: "So, Bumi..."
Sokka says: "how did you end up escaping your imprisonment in Omashu?"
Bumi says: "Escape?"
Bumi says: "I didn't escape."
Bumi says: "Everybody else escaped."
Bumi says: "An eclipse."
Bumi says: "That'll do it."
Cut close-up as he begins twitching his face. Cut to buildings beginning to crumble and break. Cut back to Bumi in the cage as the camera zooms in with pieces of earth heading to the cage. Frontal view of the cage as Bumi uses the broken pieces of the buildings to break himself free. Cut to the ground below as Bumi drops down and firebenders quickly show up to confront him.
Firebender says: "What do you think you're doing?"
The firebenders attempt to blast Bumi, but are powerless due to the eclipse. They look at Bumi in horror. Cut to frontal view of Bumi, who smiles evilly.
Bumi says: "Taking back my city!"
Bumi says: "You've got no firepower."
Bumi says: "And it's payback time!"
Bumi launches himself forward. Cut behind Bumi as he launches himself off the platform. Frontal view of Bumi as he lands. He uses earthbending and lifts a large piece of earth up. Cut to side-view of a building being separated by the pillar of earth. Cut back to Bumi, and back to the building as he moves the building with the use of the pillar. Cut to frontal view of firebenders running away. Camera pans up to reveal entire buildings beginning to move. Cut to Bumi running to left and stops to earthbend again sending more buildings flying. Cut to wide-view of Omashu. Cut to side-view of the entrance to Omashu as Fire Nation soldiers flee.
Cut to frontal view of Bumi who turns and looks back to see a giant statue of Fire Lord Ozai. Frontal view of Bumi as he uses earthbending to stop oncoming Fire Nation soldiers. He sends small pieces of earth flying forward. Cut to close-up of the statues face as two small pillars become embedded in the eyes. Two more smaller ones go into the nostrils and large chunks go in the mouth and cheeks. Cut to side-view of the base of the statue as it begins to shift and rise. Cut to close-up of Bumi who struggles to lift the statue. Cut to a wide shot of Omashu looking up at the statue as it begins to fall over. The statue slides down toward the camera. Cut to wide side-view of Omashu's entrance as the statue falls over the side and breaks the bridge before falling in to the canyon below. Cut to close-up view of Bumi looking down at his handiwork and he begins to laugh. He starts eating a piece of jennamite before the camera cuts back to a frontal view of present-day Bumi.
Suki says: "Wow!"
Suki says: "You took back your whole city all by yourself!"
Bumi says: "So what about you guys?"
Bumi says: "Did you do anything interesting on the day of the eclipse?"
Side-view of Sokka and Zuko, who look at each other.
Zuko says: "Nah."
Sokka says: "No, not really."
The camera cuts to close-up of Aang, who is becoming irritated.
Aang says: "I need to look deep inside myself."
Close-up frontal view as Aang starts meditating. Side-view of Aang as the spirit of Avatar Kuruk, a male Avatar from the Northern Water Tribe, appears before him.
Cut to Outer Walls of Ba Sing Se showing the moon. The camera pans down to show the White Lotus campsite and the group approaching. Cut inside the camp as Bumi lowers a rock wall to allow entrance to the camp.
Bumi says: "Well, here we are."
Bumi says: "Welcome to Old People Camp."
Zuko says: "Where..."
Zuko says: "where is he?"
Piandao says: "Your uncle's in there, Prince Zuko."
Cut back to Zuko, who becomes worried and ashamed before walking toward the tent. Cut to Zuko from behind as he approaches the tent before stopping. Close-up of Zuko. Side-view as he sits down. Katara walks up to him.
Katara says: "Are you okay?"
Zuko says: "He loved and supported me in every way he could, and I still turned against him."
Zuko says: "How can I even face him?"
Katara says: "Zuko, you're sorry for what you did, right?"
Zuko says: "More sorry than I've been about anything in my entire life."
Katara says: "Then he'll forgive you."
Katara says: "He will."
Zuko stands up. Cut to side-view of him standing at the tents entrance and he exhales deeply. He walks into the tent. Cut to an aerial view inside the tent.
Zuko says: "Uncle?"
Close-up of Zuko as he hears snoring. Frontal view of Iroh, asleep with Zuko standing at the entrance. Close-up of Zuko as he smiles and sits down next to him. The camera cuts to the island.
Aang says: "I'm going to pretend I didn't pretend to hear that."
Fade to close-up of Aang meditating. Cut back to frontal view as the spirit of Avatar Yangchen, a female Air Nomad Avatar, appears before him. Aerial view from behind Aang as Yangchen's spirit sits before him.
Yangchen says: "I am Avatar Yangchen, young airbender."
Aang says: "Avatar Yangchen,  the monks always taught me that all life is sacred."
Aang says: "Even the life of the tiniest spider-fly caught in its own web."
Yangchen says: "Yes."
Yangchen says: "All life is sacred."
Aang says: "I know, I'm even a vegetarian."
Aang says: "I've always tried to solve my problems by being quick or clever."
Aang says: "And I've only had to use violence for necessary defense."
Aang says: "And I've certainly never used it to take a life."
Yangchen says: "This is about the world."
Aang says: "But the monks taught me that I had to detach myself from the world so my spirit could be free."
Aang says: "I have to kill the Fire Lord."
The scene changes to an aerial view of the White Lotus camp. Cut to aerial view inside Iroh's tent. Zuko sits nearby as Iroh wakes up. Cut to frontal view of Iroh as he stretches. He glances back slightly and sees Zuko, but says nothing. Frontal view of Zuko.
Zuko says: "How can you forgive me so easily?"
Zuko says: "I thought you would be furious with me."
Iroh says: "I was never angry with you."
Iroh says: "I was sad because I was afraid you lost your way."
Zuko says: "I did lose my way."
Zuko says: "It wasn't that hard, Uncle."
Zuko says: "You have a pretty strong scent."
The camera zooms out before cutting to the island. A squirrel runs along a branch before cutting to an aerial view of the rock formation. Birds fly past the camera as Momo and Aang sleep on the rock formation. Cut close-up to Aang as he wakes up and yawns. The camera follows him as he sits up and notices something.
Aang says: "Wait."
Aang says: "Is it just me, or are those mountains getting bigger?"
Cut to close-up of Aang as Momo chitters. Aang bends down and uses airbending to launch himself up. Cut to the top of a tall tree that Aang lands on. As he looks foward, Momo flies around and lands on his shoulder. Cut to a close-up of Aang and Momo. Aang turns around to show a wake behind the "island".
Aang says: "They're not getting larger,  The whole island is moving!"
Cut to side-view of the island as Aang leaps out from the brush and jumps in to the water. Cut underwater as Aang dives down. Cut to Momo landing on a branch looking down at where Aang entered the water and chitters. Cut to side-view of Aang underwater as he swims down. Cut to a frontal view as he inspects the island. Cut to a wide-view as a paw moves past him. Cut to frontal view of Aang who hovers for a moment before swimming up to the surface. Cut to the surface of the water as Aang emerges, gasping for breath, and Momo lands nearby.
Aang says: "It's amazing Momo!"
Aang says: "The biggest animal in the world!"
Aang says: "I've gotta to swim around and find its face."
Cut to an aerial view of Momo flying above Aang, who is swimming in the water below. Cut to a distance view of the entire island from behind. Cut to aerial view of the White Lotus camp.
Zuko says: "possibly defeat the Father Lord."
Toph says: "You mean the Fire Lord."
Zuko says: "That's what I just said!"
Iroh says: "Hmmm..."
Zuko says: "We need you to come with us!"
Iroh says: "No, Zuko, it won't turn out well."
Zuko says: "And we'll be there to help."
Iroh says: "Even if I did defeat Ozai,  History would see it as just more senseless violence, a brother killing a brother to grab power."
Iroh says: "The only way for this war to end peacefully is for the Avatar to defeat the Fire Lord."
Zuko says: "And then..."
Zuko says: "then you would come and take your rightful place on the throne?"
Iroh says: "and unquestionable honor."
Iroh says: "It has to be you, Prince Zuko."
Zuko says: "Unquestionable honor?"
Zuko says: "But I've made so many mistakes."
Iroh says: "Yes, you have."
Iroh says: "You restored your own honor, and only you can restore the honor of the Fire Nation."
Zuko says: "I'll try, Uncle."
Toph says: "Well, what if Aang doesn't come back?"
Iroh says: "so the Earth Kingdom can be free again."
Suki says: "That's why you gathered the members of the White Lotus."
Iroh says: "Yes."
Iroh says: "But Azula will be there, waiting for you."
Zuko says: "I can handle Azula."
Iroh says: "Not alone!"
Iroh says: "You'll need help."
Zuko says: "how would you like to help me put Azula in her place?"
Katara says: "It would be my pleasure."
Sokka says: "What about us?"
Sokka says: "What is our destiny today?"
Iroh says: "What do you think it is?"
Sokka says: "I think that, even though we don't know where Aang is, we need to do everything we can to stop the airship fleet."
Cuts to side-view of Toph and Suki on board an eel hound. The camera zooms out to show the entire eel hound and Sokka and Piandao are on the ground beside it.
Piandao says: "Nothing runs faster over land or swims quicker than a giant eel hound."
Piandao says: "You should be able to intercept the fleet within a day's journey."
Sokka says: "Thank you, Master."
Cut to frontal view as they bow to each other before Sokka hugs Piandao. Camera pans right to Appa, with Zuko up front and Katara in the saddle.
Zuko says: "what are you going to do?"
Cut to close-up of Zuko with Katara, in the background, as they both look left. Cut to Sokka, Toph, and Suki looking back and Sokka nods. Cuts to a aerial shot of the entire group.
Katara says: "Goodbye, General Iroh."
Iroh says: "I know it."
Cut to aerial view as the eel hound sets off followed soon after by Appa. The camera pans up slightly as the Order of the White Lotus members wave. Cuts back to the side of the island, now close to the mountains. Cut to the top of the trees on the island and the camera pans down to Aang swimming in the water. Aang stops and Momo chitters behind him as he dives in the water. Cut underwater as Aang swims to the front of the island to take a closer look. Cut to frontal view of Aang and the camera pans down to follow him as he swims. He stops and an eye opens behind him. Cut to frontal view of a surprised Aang and he swims back as a giant paw moves underneath him and lifts him up. Cut to above the water as Aang and the paw emerge. A wave of water covers the camera view before falling down to reveal a face. The camera cuts and zooms out to show the entire creature as Aang stands on it's paw.
Aang says: "But I don't know if I can do it."
Lion turtle says: "darkness thrives in the void but always yields to purifying light."
The lion turtle placed two claws on Aang, one on his forehead and the other on his chest, and a bright light issues forth from it. Fade to side-view of the lion turtle's paw as it moves slowly toward a small cliff in the Earth Kingdom, and Aang steps off onto dry land. Momo flies onto Aang's shoulder. Cut to frontal view of the lion turtle from behind Aang.
Lion turtle says: "Wait for him."
Lion turtle says: "He will come."
Aang bows to the lion turtle. The lion turtle sinks under the water. Frontal view of Aang as he stands up out of the bow. Cut to wide-view of the lion turtle swimming away. Cut to frontal view of Aang, who leaps off-camera. Cut to a wide-view of Ozai's base.
Ozai says: "It's time for this world to end in fire, and for a new world to be born from the ashes."
Camera backs up as he speaks revealing his airship fleet. Cut to the comet, which enters Earth's atmosphere. Cut back to behind Ozai, before panning right fading to Aang and Momo from behind in a different location. Cut to a frontal view of Aang. Cuts to close-up of the comet, followed by a close-up of Aang's face with the comet behind him on the horizon. Fade to credits.