The camera shows a wide-view of the desert. Team Avatar looks in every direction over the vast ocean of sand for Appa. The camera halts as Aang and Toph come into view. Aang turns around to face Toph angrily.
Aang says: "How could you let them take Appa?!"
Aang says: "!"
Aang says: "‌ Why didn't you stop them‌?!"
Aang says: "!"
Cut to close-up of Aang's angry face.
Toph says: "I couldn't!"
Toph says: "The library was sinking!"
Aang interrupts Toph as he walks over to her.
Aang says: "You could've come to get us."
Aang says: "I could've saved him!"
Toph says: "I can hardly feel any vibrations out here."
Aang says: "You just didn't care!"
Aang says: "You never liked Appa!"
Aang says: "You wanted him gone!"
Aang looks extremely furious at Toph as Katara walks over to him. She puts her hand on his shoulder to try and calm him down.
Katara says: "Aang, stop it."
Katara says: "You know Toph did all she could."
Katara says: "She saved our lives."
Camera moves to Sokka, who is still looking out into the desert.
Sokka says: "Who's going to save our lives now?"
Sokka says: "We'll never make it out of here."
Aang irately walks away from the rest of the group.
Aang says: "That's all any of you guys care about, yourselves!"
Aang says: "You don't care whether Appa is okay or not!"
Katara says: "We're all concerned, but we can't afford to be fighting now."
Aang says: "I'm going after Appa."
Aang flies off. Katara calls after him, running to the place he took off.
Katara says: "Aang, wait!"
Cut to a view from the sky, showing Aang flying away from the rest of the group who stand by the large crater created by the disappeared library. Cut back to Katara, who is still looking in the direction Aang took off.
Katara says: "We'd better start walking."
Katara says: "We're the only people who know about the solar eclipse."
Katara says: "We have to get that information to Ba Sing Se."
The group starts walking in the same direction as Aang took off to, with Katara leading the way, followed by Sokka. Toph closes the ranks.
Sokka says: "You think if we dig out the giant owl, he'll give us a ride?"
Cut to Zuko and Iroh riding on their ostrich horse. Iroh fake-moans in pretend pain at every step the ostrich horse takes, clasping his left arm.
Zuko says: "Maybe we should make camp."
Iroh says: "No please, don't stop just for me!"
Switch to a front view of Zuko and Iroh. Iroh theatrically lets out several more groans of pain. Zuko pull at the reins, annoyed by the performance displayed by his uncle. As they dismount, the ostrich horse is alarmed by something. Zuko immediately takes on a firebending form, ready to defend himself.
Iroh says: "What now?"
The Rough Rhinos ride through the thicket at both sides of the road Zuko and Iroh were traveling on. Mongke's rhino steps the ground forcefully breaking the surface. Mongke is shown, pulling back the reigns. Zuko keeps up his defensive position, looking at the men that surrounded them. Iroh's face clears up as he stands up and places a hand on Zuko's shoulder.
Iroh says: "Colonel Mongke!"
Iroh says: "What a pleasant surprise!"
Mongke says: "If you're surprised we're here, then the Dragon of the West has lost a few steps."
The Rough Rhinos prepare themselves for battle, each readying their own weapon of expertise.
Zuko says: "You know these guys?"
Iroh says: "Sure."
Iroh says: "Colonel Mongke and the Rough Rhinos are legendary."
Iroh says: "Each one is a different kind of weapon specialist."
Iroh says: "They are also a very capable singing group."
Cut to Mongke, who has his fist raised, ready for firebending.
Mongke says: "We're not here to give a concert."
Mongke says: "We're here to apprehend fugitives!"
Iroh says: "Would you like some tea first?"
Iroh says: "I'd love some."
Iroh says: "How about you, Kahchi?"
Iroh says: "I make you as a jasmine man."
Iroh says: "Am I right?"
Mongke says: "Enough stalling!"
Mongke says: "Round 'em up!"
Camera shows an overhead view of the situation. Cut to a dark skinned, pony tailed guy that swings his ball and chain at Iroh, who kicks it away. The chain wraps itself around the leg of a nearby standing Rhino. Iroh tumbles over the ground, dodging two fire blasts. He rises back up and hits the Rhino in the rear, making it dash away, yanking the dark skinned warrior off his rhino and dragging him along. Iroh waves goodbye as he watches them go.
The archer shoots a lit arrow at Zuko. He quickly reacts by knocking the arrow away and releasing a fire blast, burning a hole in the surprised archer's bow.
Mongke joins the fight by directing some fire blasts at Iroh. Iroh deflects each and every one of them. As Mongke is busy with Iroh, Zuko runs up and jumps on the back of the Rhino. With two spinning fire kicks, he sends Colonel Mongke flying.
Iroh runs up to the ostrich horse, jumps on and rides toward Zuko, who awaits him, standing on the Rhino of Colonel Mongke. As he jumps on, another Rough Rhino immediately starts the pursuit. The Rider throws a grenade at the fleeing ostrich horse. It explodes right in front of it, but Iroh and Zuko ride through the explosion's smoke.
Iroh says: "It's nice to see old friends."
Zuko says: "Too bad you don't have any old friends that don't want to attack you."
Iroh says: "Hmmm..."
Iroh says: "Old friends that don't want to attack me..."
Cut to Katara, Sokka and Toph, all exhausted and dehydrated, still wandering through the desert. Sokka stops to take Momo off his back and use his wings to create some shade, causing Toph to crash into him.
Toph says: "No."
Sokka says: "Right."
Sokka says: "Sorry."
Katara turns around to encourage the others.
Katara says: "Come on guys, we've got to stick together."
Sokka's clothes stick to Toph. He tries to free himself by pushing her away.
Sokka says: "If I sweat anymore, I don't think sticking together will be a problem."
An irritated Toph places her hand on Sokka's face and pushes him to the ground, freeing them both.
Toph says: "Katara, can I have some more water?"
Katara says: "Okay, but we've got to try to conserve it."
Katara bends three small blobs of water out of her pouch and into the mouths of Sokka, Toph and Momo. Sokka circulates the water in his mouth before swallowing it.
Sokka says: "You used this on the swamp guy!"
Sokka says: "Urch!"
Toph says: "It does taste swampy."
Momo lets out a sad cry in protest of the water's flavor, after also smacking his lips. Katara sadly puts the cork back on her water sack.
Katara says: "I'm sorry, it's all we have."
Sokka says: "Not anymore!"
Sokka says: "Look!"
Katara looks in the direction Sokka's pointing. He walks over to the cactus and cuts off a piece with his machete. He happily drinks the fluid that's inside while Momo crawls over to him.
Katara says: "Sokka, wait!"
Katara says: "You shouldn't be eating strange plants!"
She drags Toph along on her arm as she runs toward Sokka. He and Momo are quenching their thirst with plenty of cactus juice. He cuts open another part of the cactus, excitedly offering its content to a skeptic looking Katara.
Sokka says: "There's water trapped inside these!"
Katara says: "I don't know..."
Sokka says: "Suit yourself."
Sokka says: "It's very thirst quenching though."
He gives Katara a big smile like a true salesman. Cut to close-up of his left eye as his pupil dilates rapidly. He tries to shake off the feeling by rapidly shaking his head. He starts to trip.
Sokka says: "It's the quenchiest!"
Katara gives Sokka a very weird look. She grabs his cactus juice and pours it away.
Katara says: "Okay, I think you've had enough."
Sokka says: "Who lit Toph on fire?"
Katara wants to react on Sokka's comment, but is distracted by a sound in the sky. She looks up to see Momo flying around in circles, increasing his speed, before plummeting into the ground, head first. Katara picks up and cradles the unconscious animal.
Toph says: "Can I get some of that cactus?"
Katara says: "I don't think that's a good idea."
Katara says: "Come on, we need to find Aang."
Katara leads Toph away. Sokka stays behind, staring blankly at the sky. Katara retraces her steps and pulls Sokka along by his arms. Cut to an overview shot of the endless desert.
Sokka says: "How did we get out here in the middle of the ocean?"
Katara sighs as the scene cuts to Aang flying over the desert in search of Appa. He blows his bison whistle.
Aang says: "Appa!"
Aang says: "Appa!"
The camera circles around Aang. While he stares across the horizon, it begins to dawn on him that he is not going to find his friend out here. The tears well up in his eyes.
Aang says: "No..."
Aang says: "No!"
Overcome by anger, he slams his staff on the ground, creating a large mushroom-shaped cloud of sand. Dust that was kicked up by Aang's blow washes over Katara, Sokka and Toph as they climb over another dune.
Katara says: "What is that?"
Toph says: "What?"
Toph says: "What is what?"
Sokka says: "It's a giant mushroom!"
Sokka says: "Maybe it's friendly!"
Katara says: "Let's just keep moving."
Katara says: "I hope Aang's okay..."
As Katara leads Toph away, Sokka starts to worship the mushroom by waving his arms up and down, back and forth.
Sokka says: "Friendly mushroom!"
Sokka says: "Mushy giant friend!"
Cut to the village with the Misty Palms Oasis at the border of the desert.
Man says: "Yeah, a little barefoot blind girl and her friends passed through here a few days ago."
Yu says: "Did they give you any indication where they were headed‌?"
Man says: "Maybe you could give me a little incentive‌?"
The man makes the money sign with his fingers.
Xin Fu says: "You suggesting I break your fingers‌?"
The man quickly hides his hand behind his back and points with the other one toward the desert.
Man says: "They went in the desert!"
Man says: "Too bad there's almost no chance they survived."
Xin Fu says: "That's okay, 'cause she's wanted dead or alive."
The man quietly backs away from Xin Fu says: "Yu: No she's not!"
Yu says: "Yu: No she's not!"
The man quietly backs away from Xin Fu says: "I'm certain her father wants her alive."
Yu says: "I'm certain her father wants her alive."
Xin Fu says: "Hey, look..."
Xin Fu says: "Fire Nation wanted posters!"
Yu follows Xin Fu's lead and examines the wanted posters. A poster of Zuko and Iroh is surrounded by posters of Aang, the Blue Spirit, Jeong Jeong and Chey.
Yu says: "So?"
Xin Fu looks at Zuko and Iroh as they walk toward the tavern.
Xin Fu says: "So, look who's here."
Cut to Katara, Toph and Sokka. It is nearly twilight and they are still walking in a single file through the desert. A shadow passes over their heads and Aang lands behind them, kicking up a small cloud of sand. As the sand clears, Aang is still down.
Katara says: "I'm sorry, Aang."
Katara says: "I know it's hard for you right now but..."
Katara says: "we need to focus on getting out of here."
She walks over to him and puts a hand on his shoulder to comfort him. He pulls away.
Aang says: "What's the difference?"
Aang says: "We won't survive without Appa."
Aang says: "We all know it."
Katara says: "Come on, Aang."
Katara says: "We can do this if we work together."
Katara says: "Right Toph?"
Toph says: "As far as I can feel, we're trapped in a giant bowl of sand pudding."
Toph says: "I got nothin'."
Katara says: "Sokka?"
Katara says: "Any ideas how to find Ba Sing Se?"
Sokka and Momo lie side by side on their backs, arms and legs stretched out. Sokka smiles blissfully.
Sokka says: "Why don't we ask the circle birds?"
Katara directs her gaze to the sky and sees four buzzard wasps circling above their heads. She looks at every other member in the team. Aang still sits down sulking and Toph staggers a bit. Sokka sniggers a bit while Momo lazily claws at the buzzard wasps.
Katara says: "Ugh..."
Katara says: "We're getting out of this desert, and we're going to do it together!"
Katara says: "Aang, get up."
Katara says: "Everybody, hold hands."
Katara says: "We can do this."
Katara says: "We have to."
She takes one more look at the buzzard wasps in the sky before pulling Aang along by his staff. Aang holds on to Toph's hand and she holds on to Sokka's in turn. A big grinning Sokka pulls Momo along by his tail, who lazily tries to fly in the other direction.
The sun is setting as they all stagger up a large dune, with Katara still in the lead.
Katara says: "I think we should stop for the night."
The rest of the group sighs and falls down of exhaustion.
Toph says: "Is there any more water?"
Katara says: "This is the last of it."
Katara says: "Everyone can have a little drink."
Sokka crawls toward Katara with Momo riding on his back when she begins to bend the water out of her pouch. Momo leaps forward at the water, causing it to fall in the sand.
Sokka says: "Momo, no!"
Sokka says: "You've killed us all!"
Katara calmly holds her hand over the moist spot of sand and begins to bend the water back into her pouch, before giving it to Toph to drink.
Katara says: "No, he hasn't."
Sokka says: "Oh, right."
Sokka says: "Bending."
Katara says: "Sokka, let me see the things you got from the library."
He immediately backs away and defensively grabs his back full of scrolls.
Sokka says: "It was you!"
Sokka says: "You ratted me out!"
Katara says: "Sokka, I was there."
Katara takes the bag from Sokka and start to examine the scrolls.
Aang says: "It doesn't matter."
Aang says: "None of those will tell us where Appa is."
Katara says: "No, but we can find out which way Ba Sing Se is."
Katara says: "We can use the stars to guide us."
Katara says: "That way we can travel at night when it's cool and rest during the day."
She turns around and sighs at the sight of the rest of the group. They are all lying there, exhausted from the long walk and their grief for the loss of Appa.
Katara says: "Just try to get some sleep."
Katara says: "We'll start again in a few hours."
Fade to Zuko and Iroh sitting at a table in the tavern at the Misty Palms Oasis.
Zuko says: "No one here is going to help us."
Zuko says: "These people just look like filthy wanderers."
Iroh says: "So do we."
Iroh says: "Ah, this is interesting."
Iroh says: "I think I found our friend."
As Zuko turns around to see where Iroh is pointing at, the camera pans over his shoulder to reveal an old man sitting at a Pai Sho table.
Zuko says: "You brought us here to gamble on Pai Sho?"
Iroh says: "I don't think this is a gamble."
Zuko and Iroh walk toward the Pai Sho table. The camera zooms toward Xin Fu and Yu, who are sitting on a bench at the other side of the tavern. Xin Fu jumps up with the intention to grab them, but Yu places a hand on his shoulder to restrain him.
Xin Fu says: "Let's take them now!"
Yu says: "This place is full of desperate characters."
Yu says: "If they find out we're collecting a bounty, we might have to fight them all just to keep our prize."
Yu says: "Patience."
Cut to Iroh and Zuko approaching the Pai Sho table.
Iroh says: "May I have this game?"
Iroh says: "Those who do can always find a friend."
He copies the gesture of the old man, also cupping his hands toward him.
Fung says: "Then let us play."
The old man places a tile on the board, quickly followed by a tile placed by Iroh. Seemingly without even looking at what the other person is doing, the two man quickly place their tiles on the board. Zuko sits down and watches intently as the two man place one tile after the other. When they are done, their tiles form the shape of a lotus flower.
Fung says: "Welcome, brother."
Fung says: "The White Lotus opens wide to those who know her secrets."
Zuko says: "What are you old gasbags talking about?"
Iroh says: "I always tried to tell you that Pai Sho is more than just a game."
Iroh rolls a tile over his knuckles and clutches it.
Cut to a shot of Xin Fu and Yu. Xin Fu ran out of patience and jumps up.
Xin Fu says: "I'm not waiting all night for these geezers to finish yapping!"
Xin Fu says: "It's over!"
Xin Fu says: "You two fugitives are coming with me!"
Fung says: "I knew it!"
Fung says: "You two are wanted criminals with a giant bounty on your heads!"
Zuko says: "I thought you said he would help!"
Iroh says: "He is."
Iroh says: "Just watch."
Fung says: "You think you're going to capture them and collect all that gold?"
Man in the bar says: "Gold?"
Every person in the bar looks up when they hear the word 'gold'. Some of them stand up, pulling a knife, ready to attack.
Yu says: "Uh..."
Yu says: "Maybe we shouldn't."
Camera shows a close-up of a grinning Xin Fu. As he moves toward Zuko and Iroh, two men jump in front of him to block his path. With a reverse roundhouse kick, the earthbender bends a rock from the ground and easily pushes them out of his way.
Yu readies himself for battle. He sinks the first person to charge him into the ground. Meanwhile Xin Fu kicks two sandbenders away while he is lifting another one up in the air and holding a fourth one back with his other hand. After he kicks another sandbender away, he twists his waist, sending the two men he is holding flying. One of them crashes into the wall behind the bar.
When there is no one left to fight, Xin Fu and Yu realize that their prey has escaped during the chaos. Xin Fu growls in frustration and slams his two fists on the ground, erecting a giant pillar of earth under a downed sandbender, shooting him out of the window and against a palm tree.
Cut to a scorpion walking over a rock. The camera shows how Momo is patting the sand he used to cover up Sokka while he is sleeping. He jumps away as Katara approaches Sokka to wake him up.
Katara says: "Come on, get up."
Katara says: "We need to go."
Sokka drowsily sits up and smiles like a drunken idiot. Toph also erects herself, smacking her lips.
Toph says: "Yesterday my mouth tasted like mud."
Toph says: "Now it just tastes like sand."
Toph says: "I never thought I'd miss the taste of mud so much."
Katara goes to Aang to wake him up, but he interrupts her before she can touch him.
Aang says: "I'm awake."
Aang says: "I couldn't sleep."
Katara says: "Well, we need to get moving if we want to get out of this sand pit."
Aang and Katara spot something large in the sky. He quickly sits up. Cut to a shot of a large, bison shaped object floating by the bright, full moon. Aang's expression brightens up in an instant.
Aang says: "Appa!"
Sokka says: "Appa‌?"
Sokka says: "But why would Princess Yue need him‌?"
Sokka says: "She's the moon!"
Sokka says: "She flies by herself!"
A closer shot of the floating object reveals that it is just a small desert cloud.
Katara says: "Here, fly up and bend the water from that cloud into my pouch."
Aang gives Katara an angry look before snatching the offered water pouch out of her hands. The group gazes at him as he quickly passes two times over the cloud. The few remains of the cloud evaporate. He throws the pouch at Katara when he lands and she peeks in.
Katara says: "Wow..."
Katara says: "there's hardly any in here."
Aang says: "What are you doing‌?!"
Aang says: "!"
She returns his attack with a shocked look on her face.
Katara says: "Trying to keep everyone together."
Katara says: "Let's just get moving."
Katara says: "We need to head this direction."
Katara looks at her charts once more and leads the group in the chosen direction. They are walking silently through the desert, until Toph trips and falls flat on her face. Aang and Katara are looking at Toph, while Sokka and Momo just stand there, staring blankly to the sky. Toph sits up and rubs her right foot.
Toph says: "Ow!"
Toph says: "Crud!"
Toph says: "I am so sick of not feeling where I'm going!"
Toph says: "And what idiot buried a boat in the middle of the desert‌?"
Katara says: "A boat‌?"
Katara runs over to inspect the object.
Toph says: "Believe me, I kicked it hard enough to feel plenty of vibrations."
Sokka turns around, swinging like a string puppet, to see what Katara is so excited about. Katara begins to rub of the sand of the object that appears to be made of wood. Aang steps forward, suggestively holding up his staff. As soon as Katara backs away, Aang swings his staff around, creating a mighty gust of wind, revealing a boat of some sort. Katara crawls aboard and examines it.
Katara says: "It's one of the gliders the sandbenders use!"
Katara says: "And look!"
Katara says: "It's got some kind of compass on it!"
Katara says: "I bet it can point us out of here!"
Katara says: "Aang, you can bend a breeze so we can sail it."
Katara says: "We're going to make it!"
Shot of Sokka laughing childishly while burying Momo in the sand.
Cut to a shot of a small village at the edge of the desert, where Zuko and Iroh follow the Pai Sho player into a flower shop.
Fung says: "It is an honor to welcome such a high-ranking member of the Order of the White Lotus."
Fung says: "Being a Grand Master, you must know so many secrets."
Zuko says: "Now that you played Pai Sho, are you going to do some flower arranging, or is someone in this club going to offer some real help‌?"
Iroh says: "You must forgive my nephew."
Iroh says: "He is not an initiate and has little appreciation for the cryptic arts."
The Pai Sho player leads Iroh toward a door with a peephole in it. He knocks two times. A man slides open the small window in the door and peeks through.
Florist says: "Who knocks at the guarded gate‌?"
Iroh says: "One who has eaten the fruit and tasted its mysteries."
Iroh smiles as the door opens to let him and the Pai Sho player through. When Zuko attempts to follow them, the door slams shut in front of him. He looks at the door with a pout when Iroh opens the small window.
Iroh says: "I'm afraid it's members only."
Iroh says: "Wait out here."
An annoyed Zuko frowns and crosses his arms as he rests against a nearby table. He leans over to sniff the plant on the table.
Switch to a shot of the desert where the sand-sailer is making great speed. Katara navigates it through the desert, while Aang's driving it forward using strong gusts of wind.
Katara says: "The needle on this compass doesn't seem to be pointing north according to my charts."
Katara places her charts over the compass. Sokka sits beside her, dangling his legs over the edge and holding Momo by the tail, who glides in the opposite direction.
Sokka says: "Take it easy little lady."
Sokka says: "I'm sure the sand folks who built this baby know how to get around here."
Katara looks annoyed at Sokka. When she focuses her attention back toward the horizon in front of her, she gasps in comprehension when she sees a giant rock in the distance.
Katara says: "That's what the compass is pointing to!"
Katara says: "That giant rock!"
Katara says: "It must be the magnetic center of the desert."
Toph says: "A rock‌?!"
Toph says: "!"
Toph says: "Yes!"
Toph says: "Let's go!"
Katara says: "Maybe we can find some water there!"
Aang says: "Maybe we can find some sandbenders."
Aang continues to send gusts of wind into the sails of the glider, directing it toward the rock. Switch to a shot of the glider at the base of the rock. The sun's already rising when team Avatar reaches the top.
Toph says: "Ahhh..."
Toph says: "Finally!"
Toph says: "Solid ground!"
Toph happily lets herself drop flat on her back, moving her arms and legs back and forth, creating a rock angel. After she is done, the group starts to explore the caves that decorate the top of the rock. They enter a round tunnel. The cave's surface is covered with a yellow, gooey substance.
Sokka says: "I think my head is starting to clear out the cactus juice."
Sokka says: "And look!"
Sokka dips his hand in the yellow goo and tastes it, sharing his find with Momo. They both spit it out and Sokka makes a disgusted gagging noise.
Sokka says: "Tastes like rotten penguin meat!"
Sokka says: "Awww, I feel woozy."
Katara says: "You've been hallucinating on cactus juice all day and then you just lick something you find stuck to the wall of a cave‌?!"
Katara says: "!"
Sokka says: "I have a natural curiosity."
Toph says: "I don't think this is a normal cave."
Toph says: "This was carved by something."
Aang says: "Yeah..."
Aang says: "look at the shape."
Toph says: "Something that's coming for us!"
The camera shows how the group runs out of the cave, back into the open. Toph and Aang scream as the first buzzard wasp emerges. Aang pulls Toph down as it flies over their heads. A second wasp dives directly toward the camera.
Cut to a shot of the giant rock from a distance, followed by a shot of the hive as more buzzard wasps swarm out and surround the group. Aang blasts the first wasp to come near them away with a strong air current.
A second wasp lands on a nearby rock. The moment it touches it, Toph turns around to send the wasp flying again, shooting up the rock from underneath it.
Another buzzard wasp flies between Sokka and Toph. She hears it fly behind her so she lifts the rock beside her and throws it in the general direction of the sound. The giant rock is only inches apart from crushing Sokka.
Sokka says: "What are you doing?"
Sokka says: "That rock almost crushed me!"
Toph says: "Sorry, I can't tell where they are in the air!"
A loud buzzing signals the passing of another wasp. Sokka readies his machete and runs after it.
Sokka says: "I got this one."
He ferociously swings his weapon back and forth at the camera.
Katara says: "Sokka, there's nothing there!"
The camera pans back. He lowers his machete, looking around in search for his imagined foe.
Sokka says: "I guess my head's not as clear as I thought."
Cut to a close-up of a crouched up Momo. In the background, Katara backs a few steps in Aang's direction.
Katara says: "We have to get out of here!"
Katara says: "I'm completely out of water to bend!"
A buzzard wasp swoops in from the sky and snatches up a screeching Momo as it flies away from the hive and the benders.
Aang says: "Momo!"
Aang says: "I'm not losing anyone else out here."
Full of anger, he takes off on his glider in hot pursuit of Momo and the wasp. Katara and Sokka watch him go.
Katara says: "Come on, we're going down."
They descend along a narrow ledge. Katara leads Toph by hand.
Katara says: "Toph, shoot a rock right there."
Katara says: "Fire!"
Katara places Toph in the right direction. Toph kicks up some rocks and shoots them forward. The incoming buzzard wasp is shot down, taking several blows to the head. Sokka cheers, swinging his machete in the air.
Sokka says: "Yeah!"
Sokka says: "You got it!"
Sokka says: "She got it, right‌?"
Katara says: "Yes."
Katara says: "Now let's move."
Katara leads Toph on as they start to run along the ledge.
Shift to a close-up of Aang. He is still chasing the buzzard wasp that took Momo. A grave expression casts shadows on his face. He dives, emerging again straight underneath the wasp. As he turns, he directs a strong gust of wind at the wasp with a kick of his leg. The gust forces the wasp to release Momo out of its clutches. Momo tumbles down, but quickly regains control and begins to soar next to Aang. Aang looks from Momo toward the rising sun at the horizon. With an angry glare, he notices that the wasp is getting away. Aang glides down, flying close to the ground. Using the speed of his descent, he closes his glider and swings his staff down. A powerful wall of air splits the sand, racing toward the escaping wasp. The animal is hit in mid air, knocking it to the ground. With a dark glare, Aang just stares at the downed wasp before walking back in the direction of the giant rock. Momo follows him quickly, frightened by this merciless outburst of power.
Cut back to a shot of the giant rock, where buzzard wasps circle around Sokka and the rest, who've reached the sand-sailer at the base by now. Katara looks over Toph's shoulder, acting as her eyes.
Katara says: "On your left!"
Toph reacts immediately and shoots a rock at her left. The buzzard wasp takes the rock full in the chest, shrieking on impact before tumbling down.
The camera pans out, showing many more wasps hovering in the air. Suddenly, gigantic pillars of sand rise from the ground and scare off the swarm. Katara, Sokka and Toph lower their arms they had lifted to shield their heads from the sand. As the wind blows the dust away, the camera pans to the left, revealing several sandbenders. Aang lands before Katara, Sokka and Toph, ready to face the sandbenders.
Cut back to a shot of the flower shop in the desert village, where a sleeping Zuko is startled by the squeaking of the door. Iroh steps through as Zuko takes on a defensive stance.
Zuko says: "What's going on?"
Zuko says: "Is the club meeting over‌?"
Iroh says: "Everything is taken care of."
Iroh says: "We're heading to Ba Sing Se."
Iroh and Fung bow to each other in respect.
Zuko says: "Ba Sing Se?"
Zuko says: "‌Why would we go to the Earth Kingdom capital‌?"
Fung says: "The city is filled with refugees."
Fung says: "No one will notice two more."
Iroh says: "We can hide in plain sight there."
Iroh says: "And it's the safest place in the world from the Fire Nation."
Iroh says: "Even I couldn't break through to the city."
A bell signals that someone has entered the shop. A young man approaches the group, holding up some papers.
White Lotus member says: "I have the passports for our guests, but there are two men out on the street looking for them."
Xin Fu and Yu can be seen through a small window in the door of the flower shop. They are holding up a wanted poster that depicts Iroh and Zuko to man walking by.
Xin Fu says: "You seen these guys‌?"
Shift back to a shot of the base of the giant rock, where the leader of the sandbenders confronts Aang and the rest.
Sha-Mo says: "What are you doing in our land with a sandbender sailer?"
Sha-Mo says: "‌ From the looks of it, you stole it from the Hami tribe."
Katara says: "We found the sailer abandoned in the desert."
Katara says: "We're traveling with the Avatar."
Katara says: "Our bison was stolen and we have to get to Ba Sing Se."
A young man to the right of the leader takes a step forward and aggressively addresses Katara.
Ghashiun says: "You dare accuse our people of theft while you ride in on a stolen sand sailer‌?!"
Ghashiun says: "!"
Close-up of Toph's misty, green eye, narrowing as she hears the young man's voice.
Sha-Mo says: "Quiet, Ghashiun."
Sha-Mo says: "No one accused our people of anything."
Sha-Mo says: "If what they say is true, we must give them hospitality."
Ghashiun says: "Sorry, father."
Toph's eye widens.
Toph says: "I recognize the son's voice."
Toph says: "He's the one that stole Appa."
Katara says: "Are you sure?"
Toph says: "I never forget a voice."
Aang's tunic flutters around him as he charges forward, threateningly brandishing his staff toward Ghashiun.
Aang says: "You stole Appa!"
Aang says: "Where is he?"
Aang says: "‌What did you do to him?"
Ghashiun cowers back.
Ghashiun says: "They're lying!"
Ghashiun says: "They're the thieves!"
With an angry frown and a growl of frustration, Aang smacks his staff on the ground, obliterating one of the sandbender's sailers with a powerful blade of air.
Aang says: "Where is my bison‌?"
The scene changes again to the flower shop, where a man exits the door, pulling two big flowerpots on a wooden wagon. After he leaves, Xin Fu and Yu walk toward the door. Xin Fu slams the door open with such ferocity that an overhanging plant comes crashing down. He shoves Zuko's and Iroh's wanted poster under the nose of the florist.
Xin Fu says: "Hey you, where are these men‌?"
Xin Fu says: "I got a tip that they're in your shop."
Florist says: "As you can see, no one is here but us."
Yu says: "We know all about your secret back room."
Yu says: "Kick it down."
Xin Fu charges the door like a mad bull and knocks it down along with the surrounding wall, with one mighty kick.
Florist says: "Hey!"
Florist says: "That room is for flowers only!"
Yu says: "Some unlucky soul has an incomplete Pai Sho set."
Yu picks up a lotus tile that lies in the center of the room and shows it to Xin Fu, who angrily knocks it out of his hands.
Xin Fu says: "Let's go back to finding the girl."
The scene switches to the man pulling the wooden wagon with the two large pots over some dunes. Zuko's and Iroh's head emerges from underneath the flowers. They briefly peek around before sinking back into their pots.
Cut back to the desert where Aang is confronting the sandbenders.
Aang says: "You tell me where he is now!"
To emphasize his order, Aang sends a strong blast of air toward another sailer. The sandbenders watch in shock as it blows up.
Sha-Mo says: ":  What did you do‌?"
Ghashiun says: "I-It wasn't me!"
Toph says: "You said to put a muzzle on him!"
Aang says: "You muzzled Appa‌?"
Aang's eyes and tattoos start to glow as he enters the Avatar State. With a swing of his staff, he destroys the last of the sandbender's sailers.
Ghashiun says: "I'm sorry!"
Ghashiun says: "I didn't know that it belonged to the Avatar!"
Aang says: "Tell me where Appa is!"
Ghashiun says: "Please!"
Ghashiun says: "We'll escort you out of the desert!"
Ghashiun says: "We'll help however we can!"
The wind around Avatar Aang starts the swirl, as his anger is reaching its peak. Sokka pull Toph along with him as he starts to make a break for it, running away from his enraged friend.
Sokka says: "Just get out of here!"
Sokka says: "Run!"
Aang drops his staff. The wind around him forms a fast moving sphere, knocking up sand high into the sky. As everyone runs away, Katara stays put, staring sadly at the ground. The sandstorm engulfs her and Aang completely, obscuring them from the sight of the others. They brace themselves as the whirlwind swoops over them.
Aang's air sphere slowly lifts him up in the air, his teeth clenched and his hands cramped with rage. Katara grabs his right arm, preventing him from rising any further. The terrible face of an outraged Avatar looks down upon her, only to be met by Katara's sincere, sad expression. She pulls him back to the ground and presses him close against her chest. Sokka and Toph lower their arms as the wind becomes less violent. Tears are streaming down the Avatar's glowing eyes. Katara tries her best to hold on as her own tears well up. The air sphere slowly dissolves away as Aang leaves the Avatar state. His rage subsides to make room for pure, heartbreaking sadness.
Fade to credits.