The episode opens with Appa, the gang in his saddle, slogging his way down the course of the sludge-infested river Jang Hui in the Fire Nation. Aang and Momo are frolicking in the putrescent water.
Aang says: "Momo!"
Sokka says: "Well that explains why I can't catch a fish around here, because normally my fishing skills are off the hook!"
Toph says: "Too bad your skills aren't on the hook."
Toph, Aang, and Katara laugh as Sokka makes a disgruntled face.
Katara says: "It looks like we'll need to go somewhere else to get food,  assuming that'll fit into Sokka's master schedule."
Sokka says: "Hmmm..."
Sokka says: "It's doable."
Sokka says: "But that means only two potty breaks today."
Aang says: "Hey, maybe we can get food there!"
The camera zooms to the village and fades to Appa as Aang hides him under a mat of grass.
Aang says: "Now you look just like a little hill with horns!"
Aang says: "Bye, buddy!"
Appa groans as Momo briefly reveals himself under some more grass nearby. Scene changes to the Jang Hui River, while Toph, Katara, Aang, and Sokka approach the river.
Toph says: "I don't feel anything."
Toph says: "Where is the village?"
Sokka says: "It's in the middle of the river!"
Camera pans down to show a man standing on a ferry.
Dock says: "Sure is!"
Dock says: "My name's Dock."
Dock says: "Mind if I ask who you are?"
Katara says: "We're um..."
Katara says: "from the Earth Kingdom colonies."
Dock says: "Wow..."
Dock says: "Colonials."
Dock says: "Hop on, I give you ride in the town."
The scene changes to the river, while Dock paddles the boat across.
Katara says: "Why do you guys live on the river?"
Dock says: "Now our little village is struggling to survive."
The camera pans downs to the villagers, showing their conditions of poverty and starvation. Team Avatar gets off the ferry boat.
Aang says: "Thanks for the ride!"
Katara says: "We have to do something to help."
Sokka says: "No, we can't waste our time here."
Sokka says: "We have a bigger mission that we need to stay focused on."
Sokka says: "These people are on their own."
Katara says: "How can you be so cold and heartless?"
Toph says: ""taking out the Fire Lord."
Sokka says: "Come on, Katara, be reasonable about this."
Sokka says: "You know our mission has to come first."
Aang says: "Let's just get what we need and go."
Cut to an aerial view of the village. The shot changes to show the counter of an outdoor market stall. As Team Avatar walks up to it, they notice a man who looks like Dock, but wearing a different hat, bowed behind the counter.
Sokka says: "Hey, Dock."
Sokka says: "You work here too?"
Xu says: "I'm not Dock."
Xu says: "I'm Xu!"
Xu says: "Dock's my brother."
Team Avatar looks confused.
Aang says: "But we just saw you."
Aang says: "You're even wearing the same clothes."
Aang says: "The only difference is your hat."
Xu says: "Dock works on the docks."
Xu says: "That's why we call him, "Dock", and I work in the shop, that's why they call me, "Xu"!"
Aang says: "I don't get it."
Xu says: "Me neither."
Aang and Katara both recoil, muttering in disgust.
Dock says: "Hey, colonials!"
Dock says: "My brother says you need a lift."
Team Avatar follows Dock to the dock. A little boy stops Katara.
Little boy says: "Can you spare some food?"
Fade to nighttime, as the camera shows an aerial view of Team Avatar's camp. Shot changes to show a barrel of polluted water. Aang lifts the water with waterbending and Toph separates the pollutants from the water with earthbending. Aang passes the water to Katara, who boils it in a crock.
Sokka says: "Our detour into town today has completely thrown off our schedule."
Sokka says: "It's gonna take some serious finagling to get us back on track."
Toph says: "Finagle away, oh schedule master."
Sokka says: "Well, for starters, it looks like we'll need to wake up forty-three minutes earlier every day."
Katara says: "Forty-three minutes?"
Sokka says: "Look, we only have a few weeks to get to the Fire Lord in time for the invasion and the eclipse, which, by the way, only lasts for eight minutes."
Sokka says: "And we just lost a whole day."
Sokka says: "So if we want to make up the time and stay on schedule, we have to wake up early!"
Toph says: "Well I'm not waking up early."
Sokka says: "Or we could just cut out all of our eating breaks."
Aang says: "What?"
Katara says: "No way!"
Toph says: "Forget it!"
Sokka says: "I got it, how's this from now on, we'll take food breaks and potty breaks at the same time."
Katara, Toph, and Aang express their disgust at this idea with Aang doing a spit take.
Sokka says: "Hey, it might be gross, but it's efficient."
Sokka says: "Either way, we have to leave here first thing tomorrow morning."
Close-up of Katara's face, who looks distraught at Sokka's words. Cut to an aerial view of the village the following morning and cut to the campsite. Appa lies on his side, groaning, while Katara ministers to him.
Aang says: "What's the matter Katara?"
Katara says: "I think Appa's sick."
Sokka says: "What?"
Sokka says: "Appa's sick?"
Sokka says: "That's awful!"
Toph says: "Wow, Sokka, I didn't realize you cared so much."
Sokka says: "Of course I care."
Sokka says: "I might as well just throw our schedule away now."
Sokka says: "And I'm concerned because my big, furry friend doesn't feel well."
Toph says: "He must have gotten sick from being in the polluted water."
Aang says: "He doesn't look sick."
Aang says: "You okay, buddy?"
Aang says: "His tongue is purple!"
Aang says: "That can't be good."
Aang says: "Katara, can you heal him?"
Katara says: "It looks like he needs some medicine."
Katara says: "Maybe we can find the right herbs in town."
Momo arrives and attempts to lick Appa's tongue before being pulled off by Aang. Cut to the village, which is bustling and lively. One villager pole vaults from one house to another.
Toph says: "Is it just me, or does this place seem different?"
Aang says: "Yeah, are the people..."
Aang says: "happier?"
The little boy from the previous day runs by, bouncing a ball, and Katara smiles to herself. The kids walk up to Xu/Dock's market.
Sokka says: "Hey, Xu, what's going on with everyone today?"
Xu says: "Ah, something amazing happened last night."
Xu says: "Food was delivered to our village by a mysterious and wonderful person..."
Xu says: "the Painted Lady."
Katara says: "The Painted who now?"
Xu says: "The Painted Lady."
Xu says: "She's part of our town's lore."
Xu says: "They say she's a river spirit who watches over our town in times of need."
Xu says: "I always thought she was just a legend."
Xu says: "Until now."
Sokka says: "See, we don't need to help these people, they already have someone to help them."
Sokka says: "All we need is medicine for our sick friend."
Xu says: "Medicine?"
Xu says: "Sorry, all the medicine we have goes to the factory."
Xu says: "That's why there's so many sick people in our village."
Katara says: "Looks like we need to stay another night so Appa can rest."
Sokka says: "I guess you're right."
Sokka says: "You got any more food to sell?"
The rest of the group get even bigger exaggerated sweat drops as they express their disgust and run away from Sokka who follows behind with the polluted fish.
Fade to the village, late that night. A figure resembling the Painted Lady glides over the water on a carpet of fog and enters the village. She steps into a hut where several people are sleeping on the floor, and bends over each of them in turn, healing them with a blue glow. Her last patient is the mother of the little boy seen earlier, her son sleeping at her side. He wakes as the Painted Lady turns to go and silently follows her out the door.
Little boy says: "Thank you, Painted Lady."
The lady stops and nods her head before disappearing into the water. Cut to the village, the next day. Dock polishes his figurine with a rag as Sokka steps up to the counter.
Sokka says: "Hi, Dock."
Sokka says: "Is Xu around?"
Dock/Xu says: "Let me check..."
Dock/Xu says: "Hey there!"
Dock/Xu says: "Back again, are ya?"
Toph says: "Our friend is still sick and we can't leave until he's better."
Xu obligingly presents them with a platter of polluted clams. The camera pans in on the clams. Sokka comically slides in behind them and gives silent chuckle along with a comical annoyed symbol on his forehead. It appears he has an idea brewing.
Xu says: "Oh, well, that's too bad."
Xu says: "Maybe if you guys are lucky, the Painted Lady will visit you in the night, and heal your friend."
Sokka says: "And maybe she'll cook us a midnight snack, and we'll all have a sing-along."
Xu says: "Yeah, maybe!"
Xu says: "You know, last night she visited us again."
Xu says: "Healed most of our sick folks."
Aang says: "Is that why this place seems so festive?"
A villagers raises a large statue of the Painted Lady in the town square, everyone cheers and applause.
Dock says: "Yep, it's all because of the Painted Lady."
Katara says: "Can you believe how much an entire village can be affected by one lady I mean..."
Katara says: "spirit?"
Sokka says: "Well, I hope she returns every night."
Sokka says: "Otherwise this place would go right back to the way it was."
Katara says: "Why would you say that?"
Katara says: "Look how much better off these people are."
Sokka says: "Yeah, now, but without her they wouldn't be able to fend for themselves."
Sokka says: "If she really wanted to help, she would use her spirit magic to blow up that factory."
Aang says: "Spirit magic doesn't work that way, Sokka."
Aang says: "It's more like..."
Cut to Katara on the edge of a dock looking out toward the factory. Cut to the campsite, that night. Katara slips out of her sleeping bag and stuffs dried grass into it to disguise her absence. She dons a makeshift Painted Lady costume, wrapping a ragged gown around her. Katara bends the water to make a mirror so she can apply the markings. She puts on a wide conical hat similar to the Painted Lady's, but with a diaphanous white veil covering her face. She glides away toward the village, but not quietly enough; she wakes Momo, and he wakes Aang by jumping on him.
Aang says: "What's the matter, buddy?"
Aang says: "Hello, Painted Lady Spirit!"
Katara shocked, quickly flees from Aang. Meanwhile, Aang uses his airbending to accelerate his run. The camera moves to a hill as Katara climbs up and continues on as Aang easily keeps up.
Katara says: "Well, hello Avatar."
Katara says: "I wish I could talk, but I am very busy."
Aang says: "Yeah, me too."
Aang says: "I hate that."
Aang says: "You seem familiar too."
Katara says: "A lot of people say that."
Aang says: "No, you really seem familiar."
Katara says: "Look, I really should get going."
Aang says: "Katara?"
Katara says: "Hi, Aang."
Aang says: "But how?"
Katara says: "I wasn't her at first, I was just trying to help the village."
Aang says: "So you've been sneaking out at night?"
Aang says: "Wait, is Appa even sick?"
Katara says: "He might be sick of the purple berries I've been feeding him, but other than that he's fine!"
Aang says: "I can't believe you lied to everyone, so you could help these people."
Katara says: "I'm sorry, I know I shouldn't have..."
Aang says: "No, I think it's great!"
Aang says: "You're like a secret hero!"
Katara says: "Well, if you wanna help, there's one more thing I have to do."
Aang gives her a curious look. Cut to the Fire Nation factory. Aang and Katara run along the river's edge toward it. Aang looks at the polluted water.
Aang says: "You wanna destroy this factory?"
Katara says: "Yes."
Katara says: "Sokka was just kidding, but he was right."
Katara says: "Getting rid of this factory is the only way to help these people permanently."
Aang and Katara enter and move to different sides of the factory. Katara uses waterbending to cut the metal hooks that hang barrels of a magma. Aang, with protective gloves on, overturns bigger hanging barrels, smiling at his work. Aang uses earthbending to break apart the pipe system in the factory. Katara bends a huge wave of water through the windows and floods the factory. The scene cuts to outside as the factory explodes from within and muck stops flowing from the pipes. Cut to Aang and Katara walking back to their campsite. Aang laughs and makes explosion noises.
Katara says: "Shhh!"
Katara says: "Hi, Sokka, we were just out on a morning walk!"
Sokka says: "Katara, what you did put our whole mission in jeopardy."
Sokka says: "We're leaving right now!"
Katara walks past Sokka sadly. Sokka confronts Aang as he follows.
Sokka says: "And how long did you know about this?"
Aang says: "Hey, I just found out this morning!"
Aang sprints away with airbending. The scene changes to the Fire Nation factory where a man can be seen coming out of the smoke and looking angrily toward the town. Cut to Team Avatar packing, but they pause when they hear buzzing. The factory workers are shown headed for the town on jet skis. Cut to the gang on a cliff looking down at the river below.
Toph says: "What's going on?"
Aang says: "Fire Nation soldiers are heading toward the village!"
Sokka says: "What did you do?"
Katara says: "I kind of destroyed their factory."
Sokka says: "You what?"
Katara says: "It was your idea!"
Sokka says: "I was joking!"
Sokka says: "I also said to use spirit magic and made funny noises!"
Sokka says: "Did you even think this through?"
Sokka says: "The army is gonna blame the villagers!"
Sokka says: "They're headed there right now to get revenge!"
Katara says: "Well, what was I supposed to do?"
Sokka says: "Leave!"
Sokka says: "Do nothing!"
Katara says: "I'm going down to that village, and I am gonna do whatever I can."
As Katara walks away, Sokka stops her by putting his hand on her shoulder.
Sokka says: "Wait!"
Sokka says: "I'm coming, too."
Katara says: "I thought you didn't want to help."
Sokka says: "You need me, and I will never turn my back on you."
Katara says: "Sokka, you really do have a heart."
Aang says: "He really does have a heart, doesn't he?"
Aang turns to Toph for confirmation. Toph, however, elbows him and he falls off camera with a thump. Cut to the Fire Nation soldiers on jet skis. Cut to Team Avatar looking at the village. Cut to Mung and his soldiers standing on the dock.
Mung says: "I thought we could live as neighbors, in peace."
Mung says: "But I guess I was wrong."
Mung says: "You steal our food, our medicine..."
Mung says: "and then you destroy our factory."
Dock/Xu says: "Yeah, the Painted Lady brought us food."
Dock/Xu says: "She's the one that healed our sick, not your medicine."
Mung says: "Where's your Painted Lady now?"
Mung says: "We're going to cure the world of this wretched village."
The soldiers begin demolishing the town. A jet ski, with two soldiers, goes past a dock as a soldier sends a hook and chain toward it. The chain wraps around a log holding up a house and it breaks as the jet ski drives away. The house crumbles into the water. Cut to two soldiers who light a large flammable ball perched on a buoy in the river, but a mysterious gust of wind blows out the fire, twice.
Mung says: "Light it again!"
They follow Mung's command, and it is blown out again. Eerie flute music begins floating over the water.
Female Fire Nation soldier says: "Look at that!"
Female Fire Nation soldier says: "Where's it coming from?"
Cut to a heavy fog rapidly pouring in.
Male Fire Nation soldier says: "I don't know."
Male Fire Nation soldier says: "Something strange is going on."
An ominous growling noise echoes over the river.
Little boy says: "It's the Painted Lady."
Little boy says: "She's coming."
Mung says: "There is no Painted Lady!"
A repetitive thudding noise, as of giant footsteps, has begun. Pan over the river to the further bank where we see that the thudding is caused by Toph elevating and dropping a large boulder, while Appa provides the growling. Sokka mans the flute, producing eerie noises.
Female Fire Nation soldier says: "What is that sound?"
Male Fire Nation soldier says: "Maybe it is her."
The fog parts dramatically to reveal Katara in full Painted Lady regalia. She pauses a moment and rushes toward the soldiers with a burst of waterbending. She alights on the dock and slowly approaches them.
Mung says: "Do something!"
Mung says: "I'll take care of you myself."
He bends an arc of fire at Katara, we see it advance toward her in slow motion. Aang, still concealed beneath the dock, sends Katara flying into the sky on a column of air; the flame passes harmlessly beneath her. Aang rends the dock in two with a blast of wind, sending Mung flying into the river. As he flounders, Katara rises out of the polluted water before him and raises her arms threateningly.
Katara says: "Leave this village and never come back."
He swims desperately away from her. A stray jet ski passes by and he clambers into it; the ski buzzes off. Sokka and Toph row toward the village as the people applaud Katara as she returns to the dock.
Little boy says: "I knew you'd come."
Villager #1.
Thank you!
Villager #2.
Painted Lady, you're the best!
Dock says: "Me and my brothers really owe you a lot."
Dock says: "Hey, wait a minute!"
Dock says: "I know you!"
Dock says: "You're not the Painted Lady, you're that colonial girl!"
Katara places a hand on her face and realizes her make-up is smudged.
Little boy says: "Yeah, you're the lady that gave me a fish."
Dock says: "You've been tricking us."
Dock says: "You're a waterbender!"
Villager #3.
She's a waterbender!
Villager #4.
How dare you act like our Painted Lady!
The crowd surges forward in anger. Sokka runs forward to intervene.
Sokka says: "Maybe she is a waterbender, but she was just trying to help you."
Sokka says: "Because of her, that factory won't be polluting your river, and the army is gone."
Sokka says: "You should be down on your knees thanking her!"
Katara says: "Sokka, it's okay."
Katara says: "I shouldn't have acted like someone I wasn't, and I shouldn't have tricked you."
Katara says: "But I felt like I had to do something."
Katara says: "It doesn't matter if the Painted Lady is real or not."
Katara says: "Because your problems are real, and this river is real."
Katara says: "You can't wait around for someone to help you."
Katara says: "You have to help yourself."
Dock says: "She's right, but what should we do?"
Toph says: "Maybe we can clean the river!"
Dock says: "Yeah, we can clean the river!"
Dock says: "Thank you."
Dock says: "You know, you're not so bad for a waterbender."
Sokka says: "You wouldn't mind keeping that a secret, by the way, would you?"
Dock says: "No problem."
Dock says: "Keeping my mouth shut is a personal specialty."
Dock says: "My brother Xu, on the other hand, ohh, he's a blabbermouth."
Katara says: "So, Dock, are you gonna help us clean?"
Dock says: "No, ma'am."
Dock says: "I'm going to get my other brother, Bushi."
Dock says: "He loves cleaning rivers."
Dock says: "All right, I'm Bushi!"
Dock says: "Let's get some river cleaning done!"
Aang says: "Aha, I knew it!"
Aang says: "I knew you were the same guy."
Aang says: "You're the shop owner and the boat guy."
Dock says: "Oh, you must be talking about my brothers, Dock and Xu."
Aang says: "No, I just saw you!"
Aang says: "You switched hats and called yourself a different name!"
Aang fumes in annoyance. Cut to an aerial view of the village with boats in the surrounding river. The shot changes to the boats on the river as the villagers spread clean out the pollutants. Katara bends the water into a large vat while Aang and Toph separate the pollutants using earthbending and putting it in a large boat. Cut to an aerial view of the village as the day passes by and the river becomes cleaner. Cut to Team Avatar's campsite at night. Katara sits on an overlook of the river when suddenly clouds of fog appear and the real Painted Lady emerges.
Painted Lady says: "Thank you."
Katara is first shocked, but she smiles. Fade to credits.