Aang looks at her, rubbing his eyes. He bows his head, and the two walk back. A koala sheep makes a sound. The scene changes to the Royal Palace, where Zuko and Mai are relaxing on a couch.
Zuko says: "Tell me, if you could have anything you want right now, what would it be?"
Mai says: "Hm..."
Mai says: "A big fancy fruit tart, with rose petals on top."
Zuko says: "You know, being a prince and all, I might just be able to make that happen."
Mai says: "That would be impressive."
Zuko says: "Do you think you could find a fresh fruit tart for the lady, with rose petals on top?"
Servant says: "Excellent choice, sir."
Mai says: "I guess there's some nice perks that come with being royalty."
Mai says: "Though there's annoying stuff, too."
Mai says: "Like that all-day war meeting coming up."
Zuko says: "War meeting?"
Zuko says: "What are you talking about?"
Mai says: "Azula mentioned something."
Mai says: "I-I assumed you were going, too."
Zuko says: "I guess I wasn't invited."
The two look away from each other. The scene changes back to the Black Cliffs, where Aang is still sleeping.
Ozai says: "Wake up, Aang."
Ozai says: "Wake up, sleepy head!"
Ozai says: "You missed the invasion."
Ozai begins to laugh, and is seen riding a giant, flying hippo cow, which breathes out fire at Aang, making him move from his spot. He watches as Ozai flies away, still laughing. Aang quickly wakes up, and goes to wake up Sokka.
Aang says: "Sokka, get up!"
Aang says: "I needa know what day it is!"
Sokka says: "What?"
Sokka says: "Who's talking?"
Sokka grabs his sword and jumps up, but hits his head on a nearby rock and falls down. Toph and Katara are seen waking up.
Toph says: "Relax!"
Toph says: "It's still two days before the invasion!"
Aang begins pulling on Sokka's legs, trying to get him up.
Aang says: "Sokka, you've gotta get up drill your rock-climbing exercises."
Sokka says: "What?"
Aang says: "In one of my dreams, you were running from Fire Nation soldiers, trying to climb this cliff,  but you were too slow and they got you!"
Sokka stands up quickly and steps in front of Aang.
Sokka says: "But that was just a dream."
Sokka says: "I'm a great climber!"
Aang says: "Then climb that cliff!"
Aang says: "Climb it fast!"
Camera turns to show the size of the cliff. When it sets back on Sokka, he looks at Aang, pointing to the cliff. Aang nods fast, and Sokka reluctantly begins to climb it.
Sokka says: "Stupid Avatar!"
Sokka says: "Stupid cliff!"
Sokka says: "Stupid dream!"
Sokka says: "I can climb fast!"
Aang is seen looking up at Sokka with an anxious smile, before frowning at seeing how slowly he was going. Toph tries to get a drink of water.
Aang says: "Don't drink that!"
Sokka is seen behind Aang falling off the cliff after hearing Aang. Toph spits out the water onto Katara, who waterbends it off her.
Toph says: "Why?"
Toph says: "Is it poisoned?"
Aang says: "In my dream, we were right in the middle of the invasion, and you had to stop to use the bathroom!"
Aang says: "And you need to start wearing your hair up."
Aang says: "In my dream, your hair got caught in a train, and-."
Katara says: "Aang!"
Katara says: "I know you're just trying to help, but you really need to get a grip."
Katara says: "You're unraveling."
Aang says: "You're right."
Aang says: "I'm losing my mind."
Sokka is still climbing the cliff, and almost reaches the top, but is seen sliding down. Cut to the sun in the sky. Cut to Aang's face, his eye twitching, as he paces around, stressed. Cut to his hands rotating between putting his thumb and finger together before alternating to the opposites on the other hand.
Aang says: "It's like every time I think about how stressed I am, I just end up more stressed."
Aang says: "I'm like a big growing snowball of nerves."
As he paces, Katara sits, concerned, petting Momo and watching Aang, while Sokka hammers away at a piece of armor for Appa. Toph lies resting against a sleeping Appa.
Sokka says: "Of course you are."
Sokka says: "That's 'cause you gotta fight the Fire Lord, the baddest man on the planet."
Sokka says: "And you better win or we're all done for."
Katara says: "Sokka!"
Katara says: "You're not helping!"
Sokka says: "What?"
Sokka says: "It's true."
Sokka says: "That's the deal."
Sokka says: "He knows it."
Katara pushes down Sokka to sit, before looking over at Aang, who is nervously shaking. She walks over to him and touches his shoulders.
Katara says: "You know what, I've got just the thing!"
Katara says: "Get ready to be de-stressified!"
Scene changes to Aang and Katara in a mountain doing some yoga. Steaming water in the middle of the room.
Katara says: "These yoga stretches can really work wonders if you do them in extreme heat."
Katara says: "Reach up."
Katara says: "Now close your eyes."
Katara says: "How are you feeling?"
Aang says: "I feel..."
Aang says: "really warm."
Katara says: "Good, good."
Katara says: "Go on."
Aang says: "Like there's this warm feeling all around me."
Aang says: "This heat."
Aang says: "Like I'm in the Fire Lord's palace and he's shooting a bunch of fireballs at me!"
Aang says: "And the whole world is being engulfed in flames!"
An orange flame is seen circling around, covering the view, before disappearing. Aang gets out of his position and lands on his back, panting.
Katara says: "Maybe your stress is the kind you need to talk out."
Scene changes to Sokka, in his Wang Fire outfit, and Aang lying on a koala sheep.
Sokka says: "Why don't you get right down to business and tell me what's been bothering you."
Aang says: "You know what's bothering me."
Aang says: "I have to fight the Fire Lord in a few days."
Sokka says: "Tell me more about this "Fire Lord"."
Sokka says: "Why are you so afraid of him?"
Aang says: "You said it yourself!"
Aang says: "He's the baddest man on the planet!"
Aang says: "I'm supposed to defeat him and save the world!"
Sokka says: "Life does feel that way sometimes, doesn't it?"
Sokka says: "Like we're all trying to save the world from evil."
Aang says: "Okay!"
Aang says: "But what can I do to feel better?"
Sokka says: "Want to try screaming into this pillow?"
Aang does so. Once his face is out of the wool, the koala sheep makes a noise at him. After Sokka scratches his head, he does a thumbs-up while nodding. Aang shakes his head so Sokka nods faster, but Aang shakes his head faster. Scene changes to Azula at the royal spa, getting her hair done. Zuko comes in and walks up to her.
Azula says: "Hello, Zuzu."
Azula says: "If you've come for a royal hair-combing, I'm afraid you'll have to wait."
Zuko says: "So I guess there's a big war meeting coming up, huh?"
Zuko says: "And apparently I'm not welcome there."
Azula says: "What do you mean?"
Azula says: "Of course you're welcome there!"
Zuko says: "Oh, yeah?!"
Zuko says: "!"
Zuko says: "I guess that's why no one bothered to tell me about it!"
Azula says: "Oh, Zuko."
Azula says: "Don't be so dramatic."
Azula says: "I'm certain Dad wants you there."
Azula says: "You probably just weren't invited because it's so obvious you're supposed to be there."
Zuko says: "Well, were you invited?"
Azula says: "Of course!"
Azula says: "I'm the princess."
Zuko says: "And I'm the prince!"
Azula says: "Exactly, so stop acting like a paranoid child!"
Azula says: "Just go to the meeting."
Zuko says: "Forget it!"
Zuko says: "I'm not going!"
Zuko turns around and walks away. The scene changes to Aang lying down on some pillars.
Toph says: "All right!"
Toph says: "What you need is a good old-fashioned back pounding to relieve your stress."
Aang says: "Pound away."
Toph begins stomping fiercely, causing the pillars to move up and down in various order.
Aang says: "Ow!"
Aang says: "Toph..."
Aang says: "I..."
Aang says: "think..."
Aang says: "this..."
Aang says: "is..."
Aang says: "bruising..."
Aang says: "me!"
Toph stops, and Aang begins sliding to the left, off the pillars.
Toph says: "Sorry."
Toph says: "I forgot you had baby skin."
Toph says: "Acupuncture!"
The boar-q-pine's quills stick out, and Aang runs away. Scene changes back to the Fire Nation Palace, where Zuko is looking out a window. Mai comes up to him.
Mai says: "Zuko, it's just a dumb meeting."
Mai says: "Who cares?"
Zuko says: "I don't."
Mai says: "Well, good."
Mai says: "You shouldn't."
Mai says: "I mean, why would you even want to go?"
Mai says: "Just think about how things went the last meeting you went to."
Zuko says: "I know."
Mai says: "You know what will make you feel better?"
Mai says: "Ordering some servants around."
Mai says: "I might be hungry for a whole tray of fruit tarts."
Mai says: "And maybe a little palanquin ride around town."
Mai says: "Double time."
She turns Zuko's face to look at her, but he quickly looks away, making Mai let go of him. Scene changes back to the Black Cliffs. Aang is sitting up, holding his knees.
Aang says: "Thanks for everything, guys."
Katara says: "So, do you feel less stressed?"
Katara says: "Ready for a good night's sleep?"
Aang says: "Maybe."
Sokka says: "Then our work here is done."
Sokka, Katara, and Toph stretch and yawn before lying down. Aang slowly lies down, and closes his eyes, leading to another dream. It begins with a thunderstorm, with Aang riding on Appa through it. They fly by a giant Momo, who tries hitting them down, and grabs them in his hand. It changes to an image of the Fire Nation Royal Palace, and Aang emerges in the water, and is pushed forward into the palace. He looks in all directions, waiting for something to happen. Toph is seen rotating around. Her bangs move to reveal that her eyes are blank. She falls down under the floor in front of Aang, who becomes scared. Sokka tries running away, but some wet earth closes around him. Katara is seen surrounded by fire. Aang tries to go save her, but his feet are frozen to the ground. Ice crawls up his body, and he reaches out, but he's completely frozen. The ground that he was on becomes completely ice. Ozai, as a fire monster, begins laughing and melts the ice, which makes Aang fall down. He is released from his form and falls into some water, where he sinks to the bottom and looks through the floor, seeing Zuko as if he was standing above. The comet is seen passing by behind Zuko. Aang is seen still holding his breath. The comet is shown rushing down. Momo is seen telling someone to be quiet. Aang is standing on grass and seeing bushes and mountains when the comet strikes the ground, and everything is scorched and on fire. He quickly wakes up, screaming and waking everyone else up. Appa becomes scared, and Momo slides off him. Everyone rushes over to him.
Katara says: "What happened, Aang?"
Aang says: "It's the nightmares."
Aang says: "They just get worse and worse."
Sokka says: "Looks like it's time for another..."
Sokka says: "therapy session."
Aang says: "No."
Aang says: "That won't help."
Aang says: "Nothing helps."
Aang says: "There's only one thing I can do!"
Aang says: "I'm going to stay awake straight through to the invasion!"
Aang starts shaking upon this, and everyone behind him is shocked, except for Toph, who just smiles. Sokka's Wang Fire disguise falls off him. The scene changes to the next day, where Katara is doing some exercises on the edge of the cliff. Aang is pacing nervously behind her, which makes her stop.
Aang says: "Invasion."
Aang says: "All aboard for the invasion."
Katara says: "You don't look so good."
Katara says: "You sure you can't just lie down for a little nap?"
Aang says: "I told you, I can't go back to sleep."
Katara says: "Aang, staying up all night can't be good for you."
Aang says: "Actually, staying up all night has given me some time to think."
Aang says: "And I've realized some big things, Katara."
Katara says: "What big things?"
Aang says: "I see everything so clearly now."
Aang says: "What really matters."
Aang says: "Why I'm really doing this."
Aang says: "I'm doing it for you, Katara."
Katara says: "Aang, what are you saying?"
Aang says: "I'm saying, I love you!"
Katara says: "What are we doing?"
Aang says: "What our hearts have been telling us to do for a long, long time."
Katara says: "Aang!"
Katara says: "I was just saying you should take a nap."
Aang says: "Oh, I guess I kinda drifted off into a daydream."
Katara says: "What was your dream about?"
Aang says: "Uh, living underwater?"
Katara says: "Sounds neat!"
Aang nervously laughs. Katara walks away, and he lets out a sigh of relief. The scene changes back to Mai's house. Zuko is lying down on the arm of the couch, while Mai is making tea. Just as she is about to give him a cup, someone calls for him.
Servant says: "Prince Zuko,  everyone's waiting for you."
Mai and Zuko walk over to the servant to see what he's talking about.
Zuko says: "What?"
Servant says: "The high admirals, the high generals, the war ministers, and the princess have all arrived."
Servant says: "You're the only person missing."
Zuko says: "So, my dad wants me at the meeting?"
Servant says: "The Fire Lord said he would not start until you arrived, sir."
Zuko smiles, and looks at Mai, who is also smiling. The scene changes back to the Black Cliffs, where Aang is hiding behind a bush in his Fire Nation uniform. He jumps out and rolls behind a rock, before stepping up from behind the rock.
Aang says: "Put 'em up, Fire Lord!"
Aang jumps out from behind the rock and starts shooting air blasts at the noodle picture of Fire Lord Ozai tied to a tree. One of the shots goes too far and hits Sokka, who is working on a golden arrow.
Sokka says: "Hey!"
Sokka says: "I'm tryin' build Appa some armor here so he doesn't have to go into the invasion naked."
Sokka says: "He's your bison."
Aang says: "Ozai's defense is impeccable."
Aang says: "I'll have to try a different approach."
Aang jumps up and shoots more air blasts, but they all miss. Aang lands on his feet and looks at the picture. Only a leaf falls. Aang runs up in front of the picture.
Aang says: "You think you're untouchable, don't you, Mr."
Aang says: "Fire Lord?"
Momo says: "Boy, you are really starting to lose it, kid."
Aang quickly becomes surprised upon hearing the voice, and quickly turns around to face Momo.
Aang says: "Momo, did you hear something?"
Aang says: "That's more like it."
Aang says: "I'm so tired that for a second there, I imagined you were talking to me."
Katara says: "Aang?"
Katara says: "We're all starting to get a little worried about you."
Sokka says: "You've been awake too long."
Toph says: "And you're acting downright weird."
Appa says: "You've got to take care of yourself."
Appa says: "You can't go on like this."
Aang says: "Look, I appreciate what you guys are saying, but the stress and the nightmares."
Aang says: "They were just too much."
Aang says: "Staying awake is the best way for me to deal with it."
Momo says: "Yeah!"
Momo says: "Leave the kid alone!"
Aang says: "You guys, come on."
Appa says: "No!"
Appa says: "I am sick of this guy always mouthing me and telling me what to do!"
Momo says: "Oh, you don't like it?"
Momo says: "Well, let's go right now!"
Aang runs over to Sokka for help, not realizing that his friends don't see anything.
Aang says: "Sokka, what do we do?"
Sokka says: "About what?"
Aang says: "About that!"
Sokka looks in the direction Aang was pointing. Momo is seen in a purple samurai outfit with the fur between his ears tied in a topknot. Appa is seen with orange and dark red armor and a helmet, with three swords. Momo takes out his one sword, and the two charge at each other. Momo parries Appa's three swords with his single one. Some koala sheep start cheering on the two.
Koala sheep says: "Momo!"
Koala sheep says: "Momo!"
Koala sheep says: "Momo!"
Appa takes out another sword, and twists in a twister toward Momo, who blocks the attacks. Aang walks forward and tries stopping them.
Aang says: "Come on, guys."
Aang says: "We're all on the same side."
Guru Pathik appears on a cloud with six arms, holding two cups of onion and banana juice, and playing a veena.
Pathik says: "Chakras, chakras, everybody loves chakras."
Pathik says: "Chakras, chakras, chakras sandwich tastes good."
Pathik says: "Yum!"
Momo and Appa continue fighting. Momo keeps trying to strike Appa, but Appa keeps jumping away.
Koala sheep says: "Yay!"
Koala sheep says: "Yay!"
Koala sheep says: "Yay!"
Koala sheep says: "Yay!"
Koala sheep says: "Yay!"
Aang begins sweating. Rocks, in a snake like formation, begin to slide in and around Aang, before sliding away. The koala sheep continue cheering on Momo and Appa. The tree with Ozai's noodle picture begins dancing. A ring of rocks surrounds Aang, as do the koala sheep. Three lines of rocks are seen on each side of Aang, as Momo and Appa continue to fight.
Aang says: "I just need to jump in a cold waterfall!"
He screams and runs away from the scene. The scene changes to the Royal Palace, where Mai is waiting for Zuko after the meeting, who is exiting.
Mai says: "So, how did it go?"
Zuko says: "When I got to the meeting, everyone welcomed me."
Zuko says: "My father had saved me a seat."
Zuko says: "He wanted me next to him."
Zuko says: "I was literally at his right hand."
Mai says: "Zuko, that's wonderful!"
Mai says: "You must be happy."
The two stop at a picture of Ozai. Zuko gazes at it.
Zuko says: "During the meeting, I was the perfect prince."
Zuko says: "The son my father wanted."
Zuko says: "But I wasn't me."
Scene changes back to the Black Cliffs. It is nighttime, and Aang is tired. A mist of fog surrounds koala sheep wool. Aang looks at it and begins touching it.
Aang says: "Oh, look."
Aang says: "Another hallucination."
Aang says: "An imaginary bed made out of clouds."
Pan right to see Katara, Toph, and Sokka standing nearby, with a flock of sheared koala sheep.
Toph says: "Hey!"
Toph says: "It's real!"
Toph says: "We spent hours working on it."
Sokka says: "We made it for you."
Sokka says: "A good night's sleep will probably take the crazy away."
Sokka says: "We hope."
Aang says: "Look!"
Aang says: "You guys keep telling me that I need to sleep, but I can't!"
Aang says: "The invasion's tomorrow!"
Katara says: "Aang..."
Aang says: "No, Katara!"
Aang says: "There's still so much I haven't learned."
Aang says: "I don't need sleep."
Aang says: "What I need is practice."
Aang says: "Quick, hit me!"
Katara says: "I'm not going to hit you."
Toph says: "You want me to do it?"
Katara says: "I've seen your progress."
Katara says: "You're smart, brave, and strong enough."
Aang says: "You really think so?"
Sokka says: "We all do."
Sokka says: "You can do this."
Sokka says: "You're ready."
Toph says: "You're the man, Twinkle Toes!"
Aang says: "Thanks, guys."
Aang says: "Your days of tyranny are over, Fire Lord!"
Ozai says: "Really?"
Ozai says: "You're gonna take me out?"
Ozai says: "You're not even wearing pants!"
Aang says: "No, Fire Lord Ozai."
Aang says: "You're not wearing any pants."
Ozai looks down and sees Aang is right. He quickly pulls over a shield with the Fire Nation emblem on it.
Ozai says: "No!"
Ozai says: "My royal parts are showing."
The view goes outside, where it is seen that the palace is up on a rock in the sky. The scene fades back to the Black Cliffs with Ozai screaming to Aang, who is seen smiling upon his success in the dream. Fade to credits.