The episode begins with a view of the mountains. The camera pans down to show a back shot of Aang sitting in cross legged in a prairie on the ground looking over a vast open savanna landscape. The landscape is mostly barren save for small shoots of grass which bend in the breeze. A range of mountains can be seen in the distance. The ground in front of Aang is littered with holes.
Cut to a shot of the group from the front of Appa, Sokka, Toph, Katara, and Momo standing behind Aang. The Avatar is holding a thin wooden flute in both hands.
Sokka says: "What's out here?"
Shot changes to show Appa, Sokka, Toph, Katara, and Momo standing behind Aang, who holds a flute.
Toph says: "A lot, actually."
Toph says: "There's hundreds of little..."
Aang says: "I'm putting an orchestra together."
Sokka says: "Orchestra, huh?"
Sokka says: "Well, la-di-da."
Three groundhogs pop out of the ground and sing descending notes. Momo jumps into a hole and comes out the middle one, trying to catch the groundhogs. The shot shows all of the holes in the ground. Aang plays four notes and Momo tries to catch the groundhogs that pop up. Aang plays another note as Sokka runs up to Aang and plugs the flute with his finger, causing nothing to play. As Aang's cheeks swell with air, the Avatar looks at Sokka with a sad expression.
Sokka says: "This is great and all, but don't we have more important things to worry about?"
Sokka says: "We should be making plans."
Toph says: "We did make plans."
Toph says: "We're all picking mini-vacations."
Sokka says: "There's no time for vacations."
Aang says: "I'm learning the elements as fast as I can."
Aang says: "I practice hard every day with Toph and Katara."
Aang says: "I've been training my arrow off!"
Katara says: "Yeah, what's wrong with having a little fun in our down time?"
Sokka says: "Even if you do master all of the elements, then what?"
Sokka says: "It's not like we have a map of the Fire Nation."
Sokka says: "Knock, knock."
Sokka says: "Hello, Fire Lord?"
Sokka says: "Anybody home?"
Sokka says: "I don't think so."
Sokka says: "We need some intelligence if we're going to win this war."
Aang plays a note on the flute and a groundhog pops up underneath Sokka and sings the note.
Aang says: "Your turn, Katara."
Aang says: "Where would you like to go on your mini-vacation?"
Katara says: "How about the Misty Palms Oasis?"
Katara says: "That sounds refreshing."
Aang says: "Oh, yeah, I've been there."
Aang says: "It's a pristine natural ice spring."
Aang says: "And I usually don't use the word "pristine"."
Aang says: "It's one of nature's wonders."
The close-up of the map's illustration fades to the Misty Palm Oasis, which has a small ice spring in the center. Cut to a shot of Aang, Katara, Sokka, and Toph stare at the oasis in disappointment.
Aang says: "Must've changed ownership since I was here."
They walk through the entrance and the hanging sign falls down. Fade to Team Avatar walking past the small ice spring. They walk into the bar and pass five sandbenders hanging around outside. One sandbender spits at Sokka's feet. Sokka looks at the man angrily. The man utters a raspy groan, slurps, and chuckles. Katara grabs Sokka and pulls him into the bar, which is filled with weary travelers.
Zei says: "One mango, please."
The bartender uses two swords to slice a bowl from a large chunk of ice. He cuts down some mangos from the overhanging fruit and dices them up. He chops up a piece of fruit and pours a jug of milk into the bowl, still using the swords. He throws a decorative umbrella and straw into the bowl and serves it to Zei, who gives the bartender a coin.
Sokka says: "I don't see anything wrong with having one of those fruity beverages while we plan our strategy."
Sokka says: "Excuse me."
Zei bumps into Aang and spills his drink onto the airbender.
Aang says: "No worries, I clean up easy."
Zei says: "You're a living relic."
Aang says: "Thanks, I try."
Zei says: "An Air Nomad, right in front of me."
Zei says: "Tell me, which of the air temples do you hail from?"
Aang says: "The Southern Temple."
Zei says: "Oh, splendid!"
Zei says: "Now tell me- what was the primary agricultural product of your people?"
Aang says: "Uh, are fruit pies an agricultural product?"
Zei says: "Oh, truly fascinating."
Zei says: "That is one for the journal."
Sokka says: "So Professor, you're obviously a well-traveled guy."
Sokka says: "Do you have a more current map?"
Sokka says: "Ours seems to be a little dated."
Zei says: "Certainly."
Sokka unrolls a map on a table and examines. Toph sips her drink and props her legs on another chair.
Sokka says: "What, no Fire Nation?"
Sokka says: "Doesn't anybody have a good map of that place?"
Katara says: "You've made a lot of trips into the desert."
Zei says: "All in vain, I'm afraid."
Toph says: "You spent years walking through the desert to find some guy's library?"
Zei says: "This library is more valuable than gold, little lady."
Zei says: "It is said to contain a vast collection of knowledge, and knowledge is priceless."
Toph says: "Hmm, sounds like good times."
Zei says: "Oh, it is."
Zei says: "According to legend, it was built by the great Knowledge Spirit, Wan Shi Tong, with the help of his "foxy" knowledge seekers."
Sokka says: "Oh, so this spirit has attractive assistants, huh?"
Katara says: "I think he means they look like actual foxes, Sokka."
Zei says: "You're both right."
Zei says: "Wan Shi Tong and his knowledge seekers collected books from all over the world, and put them on display for mankind to read, so that we might better ourselves."
Sokka says: "If this place has books from all over the world,  do you think they've got info on the Fire Nation?"
Sokka says: "A map, maybe?"
Zei says: "I wouldn't know."
Zei says: "But if such a thing exists, it's in Wan Shi Tong's Library."
Sokka says: "Then it's settled."
Sokka says: "Aang, I do believe it's my turn."
Toph says: "Uh, hey, what about me?"
Toph says: "When do I get to pick?"
Sokka says: "You gotta work here a little longer before you qualify for vacation time."
Toph says: "Hmph!"
Zei says: "Of course, there's the matter of finding it."
Zei says: "I've made several trips into the Si Wong Desert and almost died each time."
Zei says: "I'm afraid that desert's impossible to cross."
Sokka says: "Professor, would you like to see our sky bison?"
Zei says: "A sky bison?!"
Zei says: "!"
Zei says: "You actually have one?"
Cut to Appa retreating from four sandbenders, as he growls.
Zei says: "Sandbenders, shoo, away from the bison!"
The sandbenders run away and get into two sand-sailers. They drive the sailers by creating a small tornado of sand near the sail. Cut to a ground view of Appa flying across the sky. Cut to Appa's saddle and pan from Katara and Toph leaning against the sides to Sokka who grabs a telescope and looks over the side. The shot changes to Momo, Zei, and Aang on Appa's head. Zei leans over Appa's head.
Zei says: "Tell me, sky bison, are you the last of your breed?"
Zei says: "Shush, chatty monkey."
Aang says: "Wow, shouldn't be too hard to find a place like this out here."
Appa flies away from the camera. Cut back to the saddle.
Toph says: "Does this place even exist?"
Zei says: "Some say it doesn't."
Cut to an aerial view of Appa flying. Cut to Zei, who writes in his journal and pans to Toph.
Cut to Appa flying and shows a closer shot of Aang driving Appa while Momo sleeps on Aang's head. Sokka and Katara search for the library on Appa's saddle.
Katara says: "It shouldn't be this hard to spot a giant, ornate building from the air."
Sokka says: "Down there, what's that?"
Momo wakes up. Cut to the tower and Appa flies down next to it.
Katara says: "The building in this drawing is enormous."
They see a sparkle in the distance and a fox holding a scroll with its mouth walking over a dune.
Sokka says: "What kind of animal is that?"
The fox runs up the tower. Shot changes to a window at the top of the tower through which the fox enters.
Zei says: "I think that was one of the Knowledge Seekers."
Zei says: "Oh, we must be close to the library!"
Sokka says: "It's completely buried."
Cut to a zoom out shot of the spire from far away.
Further shot of the top of library. The camera pans up from the sand to the top of the library.
Toph says: "And it's huge."
Sokka says: "That fox thingy went in through a window."
Sokka says: "I say we climb up there and give it a look."
Toph says: "I say you guys go ahead without me."
Katara says: "You got something against libraries?"
Toph says: "I've held books before."
Toph says: "And I gotta tell you, they don't exactly do it for me."
Katara says: "Oh, right."
Katara says: "Sorry."
Toph says: "Let me know if they have something you can listen to."
Cut to the window at the top of the tower. A boomerang with a rope tied to it is thrown into the window. At the bottom of the tower, Sokka starts scaling the rope and the camera pans to Aang, Appa, and Toph.
Appa makes a low, rumbling growl.
Toph says: "What's up?"
Cut to overhead shot Katara, Sokka, Aang, and Zei scaling the rope inside the library. The shot changes to a closer view as Zei, Aang, Sokka, and Katara climb down and Momo flies down. The shot changes to show the library's ceiling dome.
Zei says: "Oh, it's breathtaking!"
Zei says: "What's funny?"
Aang says: "Nothing."
Aang says: "We just like architecture."
Zei says: "As do I."
They slide off the rope onto a bridge and Momo lands on Aang's shoulder.
Zei says: "My word!"
Zei says: "Eh, nice owl."
They hear rustling noises. Sokka and Katara run behind a pillar. Aang grabs Zei and they hide behind another pillar. Wan Shi Tong, an owl spirit, walks over the bridge and examines the rope. Aang cranes his head around the pillar.
Wan Shi Tong says: "I know you're back there."
Aang gasps and hides again.
Zei says: "Hello, I'm Professor Zei, head of anthropology at Ba Sing Se University."
Wan Shi Tong says: "You should leave the way you came."
Wan Shi Tong says: "Unless you want to become a stuffed head of anthropology."
The camera pans to three stuffed animal heads on a pillar. Frontal shot of Zei, as he moans and clutches his neck. Katara, Sokka, and Aang walk out from behind their pillars and up to Wan Shi Tong.
Sokka says: "Are you the spirit who brought this library to the physical world?"
Wan Shi Tong says: "Indeed, I am Wan Shi Tong, "He Who Knows Ten Thousand Things."
Wan Shi Tong says: "" And you are obviously humans, which, by the way, are no longer permitted in my study."
Aang says: "What do you have against humans?"
Wan Shi Tong says: "Hm!"
Wan Shi Tong says: "Humans only bother learning things to get the edge on other humans."
Wan Shi Tong says: "who are you trying to destroy?"
Sokka says: "What?"
Sokka says: "No-no-no-no destroying."
Sokka says: "We're not into that."
Wan Shi Tong says: "Then why have you come here?"
Sokka says: "Um..."
Sokka says: "knowledge for knowledge's sake?"
Wan Shi Tong says: "If you're going to lie to an all-knowing spirit being, you should at least put some effort into it."
Aang says: "Ow."
Wan Shi Tong says: "Hmm, very well."
Wan Shi Tong says: "I'll let you peruse my vast collection  To prove your worth as scholars, you have to contribute some worthwhile knowledge."
Zei says: "Please accept this tome as a donation to your library."
Katara says: "I have an authentic waterbending scroll."
Aang says: "Hah!"
Wan Shi Tong says: "I suppose that counts."
Sokka says: "It's a special knot."
Sokka says: "That counts as knowledge!"
Team Avatar and Zei walk toward the library.
Sokka says: "Bright enough to fool you."
Cut to an overhead view of the desert outside the library, where Appa and Toph rest in the shade. The shot changes to a closer view of Appa and Toph.
Cut to a large room full of books and the camera pans down to show the Knowledge Seeker, Team Avatar, and Zei at a bookshelf. In a closer shot, the Knowledge Seeker deposits its scroll on a shelf and the camera pans to the right to Team Avatar and Zei. Closer shot of Aang, as he flips a page on his book. He finds an illustration of a person talking to a lion turtle with two more lion turtles in the background.
Aang says: "Hey, look at these weird lion turtle things."
Sokka says: "Eh, I've seen weirder."
Katara says: "Aang, did you know in a past life, you were left-handed?"
Aang says: "I always knew I was special."
Cut to Sokka and Zei. While Zei takes books off of bookshelves and adds them to his stack, Sokka takes a scroll from a shelf, reads it, and puts it in his purse. Back shot of Sokka walking up to a podium. He sees the burnt piece of parchment framed on the podium with the characters 培治龍年七月九日烈火國最黑暗的一天.
Aang says: "Sokka, where are you going?"
Sokka says: "The information on the Fire Nation should be right up here."
Aang says: "Firebenders."
Katara says: "They destroyed everything having to do with the Fire Nation."
Sokka says: "That's so unfair!"
Sokka says: "Just when I think I'm one step ahead of the Fire Nation, it turns out they beat us here a long time ago."
Sokka says: "Hello, little weird fox guy."
The Knowledge Seeker gets on its four legs and points outside the room.
Zei says: "Seems it's trying to assist you."
Sokka says: "Um, sure, I guess I'll follow you."
They follow the Knowledge Seeker to a large round door with a texture lining the bottom sides of the wall. The Knowledge Seeker enters a small door in the texture. The large door opens showing the Knowledge Seeker standing behind it. Team Avatar and Zei walk toward the center of the room. The Knowledge Seeker pushes a lever beside the calendar wheel and the domed ceiling changes from day to night.
Zei says: "This room is a true marvel, a mechanical wonder."
Zei says: "It's a planetarium that shows the heavens moving."
The domed ceiling changes back into day.
Sokka says: "Uh, this is beautiful, but how is it helpful?"
Katara says: "Maybe these dials represent dates and times."
Katara says: "Sokka, try entering that date from that parchment you took."
Sokka says: "Shh, Katara, not in front of the fox, he's with the owl."
The Knowledge Seeker whimpers. Sokka glances at the parchment and changes four of the calendar wheels. He pushes the lever and the domed ceiling changes from day to night.
Aang says: "Wow, I got to hand it to you, Sokka."
Aang says: "You picked the best mini-vacation for sure."
The ceiling changes from night to day and the planetarium suddenly grows dark.
Katara says: "Hey, wait."
Katara says: "What happened to the sun?"
Aang says: "Great, you must have broken it."
Sokka says: "Sorry."
Katara says: "That makes sense."
Katara says: "I mean, think what the lunar eclipse at the North Pole did to the waterbenders."
Katara says: "This is huge."
The Knowledge Seeker gets on its hind legs and begs.
Sokka says: "We've gotta get this information to the Earth King at Ba Sing Se."
Sokka says: "We'll wait for the next eclipse, then we'll invade the Fire Nation when they're totally helpless."
Sokka says: "The Fire Lord is going down!"
Wan Shi Tong says: "You betrayed my trust."
Wan Shi Tong says: "From the beginning, you intended to misuse this knowledge for evil purposes."
Sokka says: "You don't understand."
Sokka says: "If anyone's evil, it's the Fire Nation."
Sokka says: "You saw what they did to your library."
Sokka says: "They're destructive and dangerous."
Sokka says: "We need this information."
Wan Shi Tong says: "You think you're the first person to believe their war was justified?"
Wan Shi Tong says: "Countless others before you have come here seeking weapons or weaknesses or battle strategies."
Aang says: "We had no choice."
Aang says: "Please, we're just desperate to protect the people we love."
Wan Shi Tong says: "And now I'm going to protect what I love."
Aang says: "What are you doing?"
Wan Shi Tong says: "I'm taking my knowledge back."
Wan Shi Tong says: "No one will ever abuse it again."
Katara says: "He's sinking the building."
Katara says: "We've gotta get out of here."
Wan Shi Tong says: "I'm afraid I can't allow that."
Wan Shi Tong says: "You already know too much."
Wan Shi Tong pursues them as they run out the planetarium. The camera pans up to the surface. Appa snarls as the library starts sinking and the ground starts shaking.
Toph says: "I already told you, I don't wanna snuggle."
The camera pans down to an aerial view of Team Avatar and Zei running through the library. They round a corner, and Wan Shi Tong continues pursuing them.
Zei says: "Great Knowledge Spirit, I beg you, do not destroy your vast collection of priceless tomes."
Aang uses air suction to move Zei out of Wan Shi Tong's attack. Aang fires an air blast at Wan Shi Tong, sending the spirit falling off the side of the bridge.
Aang says: "We've gotta get back to the surface!"
Katara says: "Sokka, let's go."
Sokka says: "But we still don't know when the next eclipse is gonna to happen."
Katara says: "Don't be stupid!"
Katara says: "We'll find out later!"
Sokka says: "No, we won't."
Sokka says: "If we leave this place, we'll never get the information."
Sokka says: "Aang, come with me to the planetarium,  I need cover."
Sokka says: "Katara, take Momo and get out of here!"
Katara says: "But..."
Katara says: "!"
Wan Shi Tong breaks in between the two groups and pursues Katara and Zei.
Sokka says: "Go!"
Katara says: "Hurry, Sokka!"
Sokka and Aang run away. Zei evades Wan Shi Tong by diving into a smaller aisle of books. He grabs a book, looking at the cover excitedly. Katara runs and Wan Shi Tong swoops down. Cut to the surface with Toph holding up the library. Appa grunts nervously.
Toph says: "What is it now?"
Cut to three sand-sailers. The camera pans across a sandbender's face and cuts to a side shot of the sailer. The sandbenders direct a sand blast at Appa.
Toph says: "Who's there?"
The sand-sailers circle Appa and a sandbender jumps out. Cut to inside the library, where Sokka and Aang run across a bridge and reach the entrance to the planetarium.
Aang says: "Why are we doing this?"
Sokka says: "Because if this calendar can tell us about eclipses in the past, then maybe it can project when the next one will be."
Aang says: "You can't possibly check every single date."
Sokka says: "I don't have to."
Sokka says: "We just need to check every date before Sozin's Comet arrives."
Sokka says: "Because after that- well, try not to think about that."
Sokka finishes adjusting the wheels and Aang pushes the lever. The camera fades from the moon traveling across the ceiling to Sokka adjusting the wheel calendar, before switching to the ceiling changing from night to day. The camera fades to Aang looking at the night sky to the moon traveling across the ceiling, to the calendar wheel, to Sokka adjusting the wheel, to the sun and moon traveling close to each other, to Sokka trying again.
Aang says: "Come on, eclipse."
Cut to the moon and sun traveling across the ceiling until the moon overlaps with the sun.
Sokka says: "That's it!"
Sokka says: "The solar eclipse!"
Sokka says: "It's just a few months away."
Sokka says: "Got it."
Sokka says: "Now, let's get to Ba Sing Se."
They run out of the planetarium. Cut to Appa surrounded by sandbenders yielding weighted ropes. They throw the ropes over Appa and solidify the sand near their feet to bring Appa down.
Toph says: "Don't make me put this down."
Toph lets go of the library and earthbends a slice of sand at the sandbenders, but misses. She grabs the library again. Cut to a tied up Appa as the sand-sailers drag him away.
Toph says: "No!"
Toph says: "Stop sinking!"
Cut to Katara running away from Wan Shi Tong. She stops beside a bookshelf, holding Momo. Wan Shi Tong walks on the other side of the bookshelf and spots Momo's tail.
Wan Shi Tong says: "At least I'll have one specimen to add to my collection."
Wan Shi Tong tries to grab Momo with his beak, but Katara runs away with Momo. She reaches the bridge with the rope and turns back to face Wan Shi Tong.
Wan Shi Tong says: "Your waterbending won't do you much good here."
Wan Shi Tong says: "I've studied Northern water style, Southern water style, even Foggy Swamp style."
Cut to a view of the ceiling. Aang flies his glider holding Sokka, who jumps off holding a book, yelling. Sokka slams the book onto Wan Shi Tong's head, knocking him out.
Sokka says: "That's called Sokka style."
Sokka says: "Learn it."
Pan up to a shot of the hole in the ceiling where the rope is dangling. Light from the outside is pouring down. Cut to a shot from the side of Sokka, Katara, and Momo, and the defeated spirit lying unconscious on the bridge. More streams of sand pour in from above. Sokka and Katara climb over Wan Shi Tong and up the rope. Aang glides past them. Cut to a close shot of Sokka climbing the rope. He stops and looks back down.
Sokka says: "Wait!"
Sokka says: "Professor, let's go."
Zei says: "I could spend an eternity in here."
Katara says: "Just go!"
Wan Shi Tong screeches and shakes the rope, making Sokka and Katara fall off. Aang catches them and they fly up while Wan Shi Tong pursues them. Cut to outside the library, where Aang, Sokka, and Katara land. Toph lets go of the library, falling back. Aerial shot showing the ground where the library used to be.
Sokka says: "We got it."
Sokka says: "There's a solar eclipse coming."
Sokka says: "The Fire Nation's in trouble now!"
Aang says: "Where's Appa?"
Toph shakes her head. Aang gasps and a tear falls down his cheek. The camera pans up from the crater to the sun. Fade to white, followed by the credits.