The episode opens just outside the vast waters of Lake Laogai. Team Avatar has stopped on a tiny islet in the center of the lake. Aang is embracing Appa, happy upon reuniting with him.
Aang says: "I missed you more than you'll ever know, buddy."
Sokka approaches Katara and Toph.
Sokka says: "Look, we escaped from the Dai Li."
Sokka says: "We got Appa back."
Sokka says: "I'm telling you, we should go to the Earth King now and tell him our plan."
Sokka says: "We're on a roll."
Katara says: "One good hour after weeks of trouble isn't much of a roll."
Sokka says: "We can build on it."
Sokka says: "If we want to invade the Fire Nation when the eclipse happens, we'll need the Earth King's support."
Toph says: "What makes you think we'll get it?"
Toph says: "I don't know if you've noticed, but things don't usually go that smoothly for our little gang."
Sokka says: "I know, but I've got a good feeling about this."
Sokka says: "This time will be different."
Katara says: "Sokka, Long Feng is in control of the city."
Katara says: "His conspiracy with the Dai Li is too powerful."
Katara says: "I think we should just keep flying and leave this horrible place behind us."
Toph says: "I'm with Sweetness."
Toph says: "I've seen enough of Ba Sing Se."
Toph says: "And I can't even see!"
Aang flies into the shot.
Aang says: "But now that we have Appa back, there's nothing stopping us from telling the Earth King the truth."
Aang says: "About the conspiracy and the War."
Sokka says: "See?"
Sokka says: "Aang's with me."
Sokka says: "It's the whole reason we came here in the first place."
Sokka says: "We have to try."
Toph says: "Long Feng brainwashed you, didn't he!"
Toph says: "?"
Aang notices a few ships in the lake.
Sokka says: "That's probably the Dai Li searching for us."
Sokka says: "So?"
Katara thinks for a moment before looking at Sokka.
Katara says: "Let's fly!"
They fly toward the Palace, now with no saddle, holding onto Appa's fur for dear life, especially Toph.
Toph says: "Can we please buy a new saddle?"
Toph says: "Riding bareback is terrifying!"
They get closer to the palace.
Sokka says: "There it is!"
Sokka says: "That whole thing is the palace!"
Sokka says: "The Earth King's chamber should be in the center!"
Katara says: "We have to be careful."
Katara says: "Long Feng's probably warned the king that we're coming."
Sokka says: "Why would you assume that?"
Sokka says: "If you ask me, I think we're just gonna sail right in and-  Aahh!"
Toph says: "What was that?"
Sokka says: "Surface-to-air rocks!"
Sokka says: "More incoming!"
They dodge a few more rocks. One gets launched right at Aang, but he destroys it with his hand. Another is launched at them head on, but Aang slices it cleanly in two by swinging his staff at the rock to augment his earthbending. He launches himself from Appa to the front of the palace and slams his staff into the ground, generating a massive earthen wave to knock back the palace guards. Appa lands and roars at the captain's ostrich horse, which causes it to drop the captain and run off. As they continue toward the Earth King, more guards appear and launch earth cubes at the gang. Toph and Aang use earthbending to block the attacks, while Katara uses waterbending to subdue the guards.
Katara says: "Sorry!"
Katara turns around and strikes down more guards with her waterbending, though closes her right eye in a sympathetic flinch for a moment as she does so. As more guards rush toward them in an attempt to halt Team Avatar's progress, Toph uses her earthbending to flip the tiles of the walkway, trapping them between them and ensuring a clear passage for the team.
Katara says: "Sorry!"
Katara says: "We just need to get through to see the Earth King!"
More guards appear on the opposite end of a bridge and launch two giant statues at them. Toph and Aang create an earth igloo to block the statues. Katara creates an ice ramp to jump to the other side of the bridge and water-whips the guards into the water. Aang freezes them in the water as the rest all jump across. More surface-to-air rocks appear as guards are coming down a giant staircase. Toph uses earthbending to change the stairs into a ramp, causing them all to fall. She and Aang use earthbending to escalate themselves up the stairs.
Sokka says: "Seriously, we're actually on your guys' side!"
Sokka says: "Sorry."
More guards come and Aang and Toph push them away with earthbending.
Sokka says: "In there!"
They come to an area with three doors. More guards appear and Toph easily defeats them all.
Sokka says: "Toph, which way to the Earth King?"
Toph says: "How should I know?"
Toph says: "I'm still voting we leave Ba Sing Se."
Toph defeats more guards while Sokka opens the doors to find the Earth King. The first room is empty, as is the second; outside the second door, a royal guard goes flying to the right off-screen. Sokka bursts into a third room, startling a woman.
Palace woman says: "Burglar!"
Sokka says: "Sorry."
Sokka says: "Wrong door."
Meanwhile, Zuko and Iroh return from Lake Laogai. The former seems ill.
Iroh says: "You did the right thing."
Iroh says: "Letting the Avatar's bison go free."
Zuko says: "I don't feel right."
Iroh says: "Zuko!"
Back at the palace, the team arrives at a pile of rubble. Sokka climbs atop it and sees a gigantic door.
Sokka says: "Now that's an impressive door."
Sokka says: "It's gotta go somewhere."
Sokka says: "A little warning next time?"
They arrive in the Earth King's chamber with Kuei sitting in his throne. Long Feng and his Dai Li agents stand in their way. The team takes fighting stances against them.
Aang says: "We need to talk to you."
Long Feng says: "They're here to overthrow you."
Sokka says: "No, we're on your side."
Sokka says: "We're here to help."
Katara says: "You have to trust us."
Kuei says: "You invade my palace, lay waste to all my guards, break down my fancy door, and you expect me to trust you?"
Toph says: "He has a good point."
Kuei says: "If you are on my side, then drop your weapons and stand down!"
They look at each other for a moment. Aang drops his staff, Katara puts her water whip back in her water skin, Sokka drops his machete, and Toph drops the boulder she is levitating.
The king says nothing and just continues to frown grimly. Long Feng signals the Dai Li to cuff their arms with rock gloves.
Long Feng says: "Detain the assailants!"
The Dai Li rush behind Team Avatar.
Sokka says: "But we dropped our weapons."
Sokka says: "We're your allies."
Long Feng says: "Make sure the Avatar and his friends never see daylight again."
Kuei says: "The Avatar?"
Kuei says: "You're the Avatar?"
Sokka says: "Uh, no."
Sokka says: "Him."
Long Feng says: "What does it matter, Your Highness?"
Long Feng says: "They're enemies of the state."
Kuei says: "Perhaps you're right."
Aang says: "Well, sir, there's a war going on right now."
Aang says: "For the past one hundred years in fact."
Aang says: "The Dai Li's kept it secret from you."
Aang says: "It's a conspiracy to control the city, and to control you."
Kuei says: "A secret war?"
Kuei says: "That's crazy!"
Long Feng says: "Completely!"
Aang says: "Long Feng didn't want us to tell you, so he stole our sky bison to blackmail us."
Aang says: "And blackmail is the least of his crimes; he brainwashed our friend!"
Long Feng says: "All lies."
Long Feng says: "I've never even seen a sky bison, Your Majesty."
Long Feng says: "Frankly, I thought they were extinct."
Kuei says: "Your claim is difficult to believe."
Kuei says: "Even from an Avatar."
Long Feng says: "If you listen to them, you're playing right into your own destruction."
Kuei says: "I have to trust my advisor."
The agents start taking the team away, but Sokka stops for a moment.
Sokka says: "Wait!"
Sokka says: "I can prove he's lying."
Sokka says: "Long Feng said he's never seen a sky bison."
Sokka says: "Ask him to lift his robe."
Long Feng says: "What?"
Long Feng says: "I am not disrobing!"
Aang and Sokka smile slyly and nod at each other. Aang blows a large gust of air at Long Feng's legs, lifting his robe and revealing a bite mark left by Appa.
Aang says: "Right there!"
Aang says: "Appa bit him!"
Sokka says: "Never met a sky bison, huh?"
Long Feng says: "Thanks for showing everyone."
Kuei says: "Well I suppose there's no way to prove where those marks came from."
Sokka says: "Of course there is!"
The group gets Appa and brings him in. He opens his mouth. Aang points at the bison's teeth and at Long Feng's mark.
Kuei says: "Yup."
Kuei says: "That pretty much proves it."
Back in Iroh and Zuko's apartment, Zuko is asleep. He wakes up.
Iroh says: "You're burning up."
Iroh says: "This will help cool you down."
Zuko says: "So thirsty."
Iroh says: "Stay under the blankets and sweat this out."
Zuko grabs the spoon from Iroh and drinks the water. He tosses the spoon aside and grabs the bucket. He drinks from it, while spilling some out. He tosses the bucket aside and lies back down. Iroh pulls the covers more over him. Meanwhile, on a train, passengers are shocked to see the Earth King, who is standing in the middle of the cart surrounded by guards.
Kuei says: "So this is what a train is like?"
Kuei says: "I didn't realize it would be this..."
Kuei says: "public."
Katara says: "So you've never been outside the Upper Ring before?"
Kuei says: "I've never been outside the palace."
Kuei says: "So, may I ask where we're going?"
Sokka says: "Underneath Lake Laogai, Your Kingliness."
Sokka says: "To the Dai Li's secret headquarters."
Sokka says: "You're about to see where all the brainwashing and conspiring took place."
Cut to the shores of Lake Laogai. The team stand on the shore beside the Earth King and his guards. Toph steps to the edge of the water, and with a hop, reveals the the secret path to the hatch door entrance, though discovers it has been destroyed.
Toph says: "It's gone!"
Sokka says: "Oh don't tell me-!"
Sokka says: "That's okay."
Sokka says: "Still got my positive attitude."
Katara says: "The Dai Li must've known we were coming and destroyed the evidence!"
Kuei says: "That seems awfully convenient."
Sokka says: "Hey, if anything, this proves the conspiracy exists even more."
Kuei says: "Long Feng was right."
Kuei says: "This was a waste of time."
Kuei says: "If you'll excuse me, I'm going back to the palace."
Katara says: "The wall."
Katara says: "They'll never be able to cover that up in time."
Aang says: "Oh, yeah."
Aang says: "If you come with us to the Outer Wall, we can prove to you that the secret war is real."
Kuei says: "No Earth King has ever been to the Outer Wall."
En route to the Outer Wall. The Earth King is riding on Appa, holding on for dear life and screaming at the top of his lungs in fear, his clothes flapping in the wind.
Toph says: "First time flying?"
Kuei says: "It's both thrilling and terrifying!"
Toph says: "Yeah."
Toph says: "I hate it, too."
Kuei says: "I have to be honest with you: part of me really hopes that what you're telling me about this war isn't true."
Aang says: "I wish it wasn't."
Meanwhile at the apartment, Iroh again places the moist cloth over his feverish nephew's forehead. Zuko is having a dream that he is the Fire Lord, with no scar on his eye. One red and one blue dragon appear and start circling around the pillars on each side of him. The blue dragon starts circling around Zuko.
Blue dragon says: "It's getting late."
Blue dragon says: "Are you planning to retire soon, my lord?"
Zuko says: "I'm not tired."
Blue dragon says: "Relax, Fire Lord Zuko."
Blue dragon says: "Just let go."
Blue dragon says: "Give in to it."
Blue dragon says: "Shut your eyes for a while."
Zuko slowly starts to shut his eyes but widely opens them upon hearing the other dragon.
Blue dragon says: "Sleep now, Fire Lord Zuko."
The dragons disappear, and the room they're in, as well as the guards watching Zuko, crumble to nothing. The blue dragon reappears in front of him. Two golden eyes appear, followed by the face of the blue dragon, which closes rapidly.
Blue dragon says: "Sleep."
Blue dragon says: "Just like mother!"
Charges at Zuko and opens its mouth. Inside the dragon's mouth, Zuko sees his mother, Ursa. Within that darkness, the camera draws closer to Ursa, who drops her hood.
Ursa says: "Zuko!"
Ursa says: "Help me!"
Zuko disappears through the floor. The sleeping Zuko starts sweating. Meanwhile, Team Avatar arrives at the Outer Wall and sees the drill.
Aang says: "It's still there!"
Kuei says: "What is that?"
Sokka says: "It's a drill."
On top of the wall, they're looking down at the drill.
Kuei says: "I can't believe I never knew."
Katara says: "Fire Nation insignia on your "construction project"."
Long Feng says: "Surely you don't believe these children instead of your most loyal attendant?"
Kuei says: "Dai Li!"
Kuei says: "Arrest Long Feng!"
Kuei says: "I want him to stand trial for crimes against the Earth Kingdom."
Long Feng and Team Avatar look shocked. The two agents behind Long Feng share glances, launch shackles onto his arms and pull him in.
Long Feng says: "You can't arrest me!"
Long Feng says: "You all need me more than you know!"
That night at the Palace, the Earth King is talking with Team Avatar.
Kuei says: "I want to thank you, young heroes, for opening my eyes."
Kuei says: "All this time, what I thought was a great metropolis was merely a city of fools."
Kuei says: "And that makes me the king fool."
Kuei says: "We're at war."
Kuei says: "With the Fire Nation."
Sokka says: "That's why we came to Ba Sing Se, Your Highness: because we think you can help us end the war."
Aang says: "We don't have much time."
Aang says: "There's a comet coming this summer."
Aang says: "Its energy will give the firebenders unbelievable strength."
Aang says: "They'll be unstoppable."
Sokka says: "But there is hope."
Sokka says: "Before the comet comes, we have a window of opportunity: A solar eclipse is coming."
Sokka says: "The sun will be completely blocked out by the moon, and the firebenders will be helpless."
Kuei says: "What are you suggesting, Sokka?"
Sokka says: "That's the day we need to invade the Fire Nation."
Sokka says: "The Day of Black Sun."
Kuei says: "I don't know."
Kuei says: "That would require moving troops out of Ba Sing Se."
Kuei says: "We'd be completely vulnerable."
Sokka says: "You're already vulnerable."
Sokka says: "The Fire Nation won't stop until Ba Sing Se falls."
Sokka says: "You can either sit back and wait for that to happen, or take the offensive and give yourself a fighting chance."
Kuei says: "Very well."
Kuei says: "You have my support."
Team Avatar celebrates. Someone else arrives.
General How says: "Your Majesty."
General How says: "I apologize for the interruption."
Kuei says: "This is General How."
Kuei says: "He's the leader of the Council of Five, my highest ranking generals."
General How says: "We searched Long Feng's office."
General How says: "I think we found something that will interest everybody."
In Long Feng's office, a soldier is carrying a box of papers to the desk.
General How says: "There are secret files on everyone in Ba Sing Se."
General How says: "Including you kids."
Aang says: "Secret files?"
Toph says: "Long Feng intercepted our letters from home?"
Toph says: "That's just sad."
Kuei says: "Aang?"
General How says: "This scroll was attached to the horn of your bison when the Dai Li captured it."
Aang says: "It's from the Eastern Air Temple."
Katara says: "Is there a letter for me and Sokka by any chance?"
Kuei says: "I'm afraid not."
Sokka says: "Oh."
General How says: "But there is an intelligence report that might interest you."
Katara says: ""A small fleet of Water Tribe ships."
Sokka says: "What?"
Sokka says: "That could be Dad!"
Katara says: "It is Dad!"
Meanwhile at the apartment, Iroh is pouring tea.
Iroh says: "You should know that this is not a natural sickness, but that shouldn't stop you from enjoying tea."
Zuko says: "What's happening?"
Iroh says: "Your critical decision."
Iroh says: "What you did beneath that lake."
Iroh says: "It was in such conflict with your image of yourself that you are now at war within your own mind and body."
Zuko says: "What's that mean?"
Iroh says: "You are going through a metamorphosis, my nephew."
Iroh says: "It will not be a pleasant experience, but when you come out of it,  you will be the beautiful prince you were always meant to be."
Back in Long Feng's office.
Aang says: "I can't believe it."
Aang says: "There's a man living at the Eastern Air Temple."
Aang says: "He says he's a guru."
Sokka says: "What's a guru?"
Sokka says: "Some kind of poisonous blow fish?"
Aang says: "No, a spiritual expert."
Aang says: "He wants to help me take the next step in the Avatar journey."
Aang says: "He says he can teach me to control the Avatar State."
Katara says: "And I can't believe we know where our dad is now."
Toph says: "I know what you mean."
Toph says: "My mom's in the city."
Toph says: "And from her letter it sounds like she finally understands me."
Sokka says: "This is all such big news!"
Sokka says: "Where do we even start?"
Katara says: "I hate to say it, but we have to split up."
Aang says: "Split up?"
Aang says: "We just found Appa and got the family back together!"
Aang says: "Now you want us to separate?"
Katara says: "You have to meet this guru, Aang."
Katara says: "If we're going to invade the Fire Nation, you need to be ready."
Aang says: "Well, if I'm going to the Eastern Air Temple, Appa and I can drop you off at Chameleon Bay to see your dad."
Sokka says: "Someone has to stay here with the Earth King and help him plan for the invasion."
Sokka says: "I guess that's me."
Katara says: "No, Sokka."
Katara says: "I know how badly you wanna help Dad."
Katara says: "You go to Chameleon Bay."
Katara says: "I'll stay here with the king."
Katara says: "Easy there, big brother..."
Katara says: "Though you're right."
Katara says: "I am."
Outside the Palace, Team Avatar is preparing to leave. The king walks down to them. Katara is petting Appa. Aang turns to face her.
Aang says: "Katara?"
Aang says: "I need to tell you something."
Aang says: "I've been wanting to say it for a long time."
Katara says: "What is it, Aang?"
Sokka starts climbing atop Appa. A soldier walks up to the king.
Soldier says: "Your Majesty."
Soldier says: "There are three female warriors to see you."
Soldier says: "They're from the island of Kyoshi."
Kuei says: "You know these warriors?"
Sokka says: "Oh yeah."
Sokka says: "The Kyoshi Warriors are a skilled group of fighters."
Sokka says: "Trustworthy too."
Sokka says: "They're good friends of ours."
Kuei says: "Then we shall welcome them as honored guests."
Toph says: "I'm really gonna miss you guys."
Katara says: "Me too."
Aang says: "Yeah."
Sokka says: "Seriously."
Appa flies off. Back at the apartment, Iroh and Zuko are asleep. Zuko wakes up and walks into the bathroom. He washes his face with water. When he looks in the mirror, he sees himself with no scar, no hair and an arrow tattoo on his head, resembling Aang. He looks horrified. He screams himself awake and breathes heavily. He touches the scar on his face and closes his eyes. Meanwhile, Appa is flying Sokka and Aang. Sokka is resting across Appa's back.
Sokka says: "You see, Aang?"
Sokka says: "A little positive thinking works wonders."
Sokka says: "We got the king on our side, we got Long Feng arrested, and when we get back, Suki's waiting for me."
Aang says: "Yeah."
Aang says: "Girls are waiting for us."
Aang says: "Thanks, positive attitude."
Sokka says: "Everything is gonna work out perfectly."
Sokka says: "From now on and forever."
In a prison, Long Feng is sitting in his cell. A Dai Li agent appears outside of the cell.
Meanwhile, at a random house, Toph is outside. She exhales deeply and knocks on the door. It opens on its own.
Toph says: "Hey!"
Toph says: "Who do you think you're dealing with!"
Toph says: "?"
Xin Fu and Master Yu appear.
Xin Fu says: "One loud-mouthed little brat who strayed too far from home."
Back at the palace, three Kyoshi Warriors are walking up to the king and bow.
Kuei says: "In our hour of need, it is with the highest honor that I welcome our esteemed allies, the Kyoshi Warriors!"
The warriors look up.
Azula says: "We are the Earth King's humble servants."
The middle warrior is shown to have gold eyes, showing that it is really Azula, Mai, and Ty Lee disguised as Kyoshi Warriors, whom they have previously defeated.
Fade to credits.