The team is situated at the waterfall pond. Sokka is surveying a map. Toph is sitting with her feet in the water, moving it back and forth. Aang is swimming while Katara is located at the top of the lake near the waterfall. Aang goes underwater for a moment and bends an ice cube around himself for amusement.
The splash sends Aang out of the water, breaks his ice prison, and soaks Sokka, Toph, and the maps which he tried to protect.
Sokka says: "Sure, five thousand year-old maps from the spirit library."
Sokka says: "Just splash some water on 'em."
Katara says: "Sorry."
Aang says: "So, did you figure out what route we're going to take?"
Sokka says: "Okay, we just got out of the desert, so we must be around here."
Sokka says: "And we need to go to Ba Sing Se, which is here."
Sokka says: "It looks like the only passage connecting the south to the north is this sliver of land called the Serpent's Pass."
Toph says: "You sure that's the best way to go?"
Sokka says: "It's the only way."
Sokka says: "I mean, it's not like we have Appa to fly us there."
Katara says: "Shush up about Appa."
Katara says: "Can't you at least try to be sensitive?"
Aang says: "Katara, it's okay."
Aang says: "I know I was upset about losing Appa before, but I just want to focus on getting to Ba Sing Se and telling the Earth King about the solar eclipse."
Katara says: "Oh..."
Katara says: "well, okay."
Katara says: "I'm glad you're doing better."
Sokka says: "Then to Ba Sing Se we go."
Sokka says: "No more distractions."
Suddenly, three refugees arrive.
Than says: "Hello there, fellow refugees!"
Aang says: "So, you guys are headed to Ba Sing Se, too?"
Than says: "Sure are."
Than says: "We're trying to get there before my wife Ying has her baby."
Katara says: "Great!"
Katara says: "We can travel through the Serpent's Pass together."
The three refugees look up in shock.
Ying says: "The Serpent's Pass?"
Ying says: "Only the truly desperate take that deadly route!"
Toph says: "Deadly route."
Toph says: "Great pick, Sokka!"
Sokka says: "Well, we are desperate."
Than says: "You should come with us to Full Moon Bay."
Than says: "Ferries take refugees across the lake."
Than says: "It's the fastest way to Ba Sing Se."
Ying says: "And it's hidden, so the Fire Nation can't find it."
Katara says: "Hmm..."
Katara says: "peaceful ferry ride or deadly pass?"
At Full Moon Bay.
Katara says: "I can't believe how many people's lives have been uprooted by the Fire Nation."
Than says: "We're all looking for a better life, safe behind the walls of Ba Sing Se."
A ferry departs. Zuko and Iroh are on board.
Iroh says: "Who would have thought after all these years, I'd return to the scene of my greatest military disgrace..."
Iroh says: "as a tourist!"
Zuko says: "Look around."
Zuko says: "We're not tourists, we're refugees."
Zuko says: "Ugh!"
Zuko says: "I'm sick of eating rotten food, sleeping in the dirt."
Zuko says: "I'm tired of living like this!"
Jet says: "Aren't we all?"
Jet says: "My name's Jet and these are my Freedom Fighters, Smellerbee and Longshot."
Smellerbee says: "Hey."
Zuko says: "Hello."
Jet says: "Here's the deal."
Jet says: "I hear the captain's eating like a king while the refugees have to feed off his scraps."
Jet says: "Doesn't seem fair, does it?"
Iroh says: "What sort of king is he eating like?"
Jet says: "The fat, happy kind."
Jet says: "You want to help us "liberate" some food?"
Zuko says: "I'm in."
Jet smirks.
Back at the station.
Ticket lady says: "I told you already..."
Ticket lady says: "no vegetables on the ferry!"
Ticket lady says: "One cabbage slug could destroy the entire ecosystem of Ba Sing Se!"
Ticket lady says: "Security!"
A platypus bear destroys the cabbage cart.
Cabbage merchant says: "Ahhh!"
Cabbage merchant says: "My cabbages!"
Ticket lady says: "Next!"
Aang says: "Um, four tickets for the ferry to Ba Sing Se, please."
Ticket lady says: "Passports?"
Aang says: "Uh..."
Aang says: "no one told us we had to have passports."
Sokka says: "Don't you know who this is?"
Sokka says: "He's the Avatar!"
Ticket lady says: "Ah, I see fifty Avatars a day and, by the way, not a very impressive costume."
Ticket lady says: "Besides, no animals allowed."
Ticket lady says: "Do I need to call security?"
The platypus bear chomps down on the cabbage. Momo hides in fear.
Aang says: "That won't be necessary."
Ticket lady says: "Next!"
Toph says: "I'll take care of this."
Toph says: "My name is Toph Beifong, and I'll need four tickets."
Ticket lady says: "Ah, the golden seal of the flying boar!"
Ticket lady says: "It is my pleasure to help anyone of the Beifong family."
Toph says: "It is your pleasure."
Toph says: "As you can see, I am blind and these three imbeciles are my valets."
Toph says: "-is my seeing-eye lemur."
Ticket lady says: "Well, normally it's only one ticket per passport, but this document is so official..."
Ticket lady says: "I guess it's worth four tickets."
Toph says: "Thank you very much."
Sokka says: "All right, we scammed that lady good!"
Suddenly, a security guard, actually Suki without makeup, grabs Sokka.
Suki says: "Tickets and passports please."
Sokka says: "Is there a problem?"
Suki says: "Yeah, I got a problem with you!"
Suki says: "I've seen your type before."
Suki says: "Probably sarcastic, think you're hilarious and let me guess, you're traveling with the Avatar."
Sokka says: "Do I know you?"
Suki says: "You mean you don't remember?"
Suki says: "Maybe you'll remember this!"
Sokka says: "Suki!"
Suki says: "Sokka, it's good to see you!"
Later, in a different location of the station. The gang and Suki talk.
Katara says: "You look so different without your makeup!"
Katara says: "And the new outfit."
Suki says: "That crabby lady makes all the security guards wear them."
Suki says: "And look at you, sleeveless guy."
Suki says: "Been working out?"
Sokka says: "Ahhh, I'll grab a tree branch and do a few chin touches every now and then."
Sokka says: "Nothing major."
Aang says: "Are the other Kyoshi Warriors around?"
Suki says: "Yeah."
Suki says: "After you left Kyoshi, we wanted to find a way to help people."
Suki says: "We ended up escorting some refugees and we've been here ever since."
Suki says: "So why are you guys getting tickets for the ferry?"
Suki says: "Wouldn't you just fly across on Appa?"
Katara says: "Appa is missing."
Katara says: "We hope to find him in Ba Sing Se."
Suki says: "I'm so sorry to hear that."
Suki says: "Are you doing okay?"
Aang says: "I'm doing fine."
Aang says: "Would everybody stop worrying about me?"
Ying says: "Avatar Aang, you have to help us!"
Ying says: "Someone took all of our belongings; our passports, our tickets, everything's gone!"
Aang says: "I'll talk to the lady for you."
Back at the desk.
Ticket lady says: "No passports, no tickets!"
Aang says: "But she's pregnant and all of her stuff was stolen!"
Aang says: "You have to make an exception!"
Ticket lady says: "No exceptions!"
Ticket lady says: "If I just gave away tickets willy-nilly to anyone, there would be no more order!"
Ticket lady says: "You know what that means, no more civilization!"
Aang says: "What if we gave them our tickets?"
Ticket lady says: "No!"
Aang says: "But..."
Ticket lady says: "Next!"
Aang says: "Don't worry, you'll get to the city safely."
Aang says: "I'll lead you through the Serpent's Pass."
Moments later.
Sokka says: "I can't believe we gave up our tickets and now we're going through the Serpent's Pass."
Toph says: "I can't believe you're still complaining about it."
Suki says: "I'm coming too!"
Sokka says: "Are you sure that's a good idea?"
Suki says: "Sokka, I thought you'd want me to come."
Suki says: "Just what?"
Sokka says: "Nothing."
Sokka says: "I'm glad you're coming."
Outside, at the pass.
Sokka says: "This is the Serpent's Pass?"
Sokka says: "I thought it would be a little more wind-y, you know, like a serpent."
Sokka says: "Huh, I guess they misnamed it."
Ying says: "Look at this writing!"
Ying says: "How awful!"
Toph says: "What does it say?"
Katara says: "It says, "abandon hope"."
Ying says: "How can we abandon hope?"
Ying says: "It's all we have!"
Aang says: "I don't know."
Aang says: "The monks used to say that hope was just a distraction, so maybe we do need to abandon it."
Katara says: "What are you talking about?"
Aang says: "Hope is not going to get us into Ba Sing Se and it's not going to help find Appa."
Aang says: "We need to focus on what we're doing right now and that's getting across this path."
Katara says: "Okay, if you say so."
Within the pass.
Suki says: "The Fire Nation controls the western lake."
Suki says: "Rumor has it they're working on something big on the other side of it and don't want anyone to find out what it is."
They all pass by a sailing Fire Nation ship. A part of the rock gives out, causing Than to fall. Toph stops it from falling and lifts him back up with earthbending.
Than says: "I'm okay!"
Sokka says: "They've spotted us!"
Sokka says: "Let's go, let's go!"
Aang gets on his glider and deflects the fireball back. Another fireball hits the mountain, causing several pieces of rock over Suki to fall. Sokka pushes her out of the way. Toph bends out a part of the mountain to keep the rocks from falling on Sokka.
Sokka says: "Suki, are you okay?"
Sokka says: "You have to be more careful!"
Sokka says: "Come on!"
Toph says: ""Thanks for saving my life, Toph."
Toph says: "" Hey, no problem, Sokka."
Hours later, at sunset, the travelers set up their camp. Sokka approaches Suki.
Sokka says: "Suki, you shouldn't sleep there."
Sokka says: "Who knows how stable this ledge is, it could give away at any moment!"
Suki says: "Sokka, I'm fine, stop worrying!"
Sokka says: "You're right, you're right, you're perfectly capable of taking care of yourself!"
Sokka says: "Wait!"
Sokka says: "Oh, never mind, I thought I saw a spider, but, you're fine."
Back on the ferry. Zuko, Jet, and Smellerbee sneak up to the food storage area. Jet breaks the door open with his twin tiger hook swords, and he and Zuko take some food.
Smellerbee says: "Guard's coming!"
Longshot fires an arrow with a rope attached to it, allowing the three to slide down it. Longshot pulls it away before the guard notices. Back at the pass, Aang is standing at the edge of the rock, looking out at the ocean, blankly. Katara approaches him.
Katara says: "You know, it's okay to miss Appa."
Katara says: "What's going on with you?"
Katara says: "In the desert, all you cared about was finding Appa and now it's like you don't care about him at all."
Aang says: "You saw what I did out there."
Aang says: "I was so angry about losing Appa that I couldn't control myself."
Aang says: "I hated feeling like that."
Katara says: "But now you're not letting yourself feel anything."
Katara says: "I know sometimes it hurts more to hope and it hurts more to care."
Katara says: "But you have to promise me that you won't stop caring."
Katara says: "Come on, you need a hug."
Katara shows visible concern.
In another part of the Pass, Sokka stands by himself, until Suki approaches.
Suki says: "It's a beautiful moon."
Sokka says: "Yeah, it really is."
Suki says: "Look, I know you're just trying to help, but I can take care of myself."
Sokka says: "I know you can."
Suki says: "Then why are you acting so overprotective?"
Sokka says: "It's so hard to lose someone you care about."
Sokka says: "Something happened at the North Pole and I couldn't protect someone."
Sokka says: "I don't want anything like that to ever happen again."
Suki says: "I lost someone I care about."
Suki says: "He didn't die, he just went away."
Suki says: "I only had a few days to get to know him, but he was smart and brave and funny..."
Sokka says: "Who is this guy?"
Sokka says: "Is he taller than me?"
Suki says: "No, he's about your height."
Sokka says: "Is he better-looking?"
Suki says: "It is you, stupid!"
Sokka says: "Oh!"
The two prepare to kiss, but Sokka pulls back at the last moment.
Sokka says: "I can't."
Suki says: "I'm sorry."
Sokka says: "No, you shouldn't be."
Back on the ferry. Jet passes out food to other travelers. The other Freedom Fighters, Zuko, and Iroh sit together.
Iroh says: "So, Smellerbee."
Iroh says: "That's an unusual name for a young man."
Smellerbee says: "Maybe it's because I'm not a man..."
Smellerbee says: "I'm a girl!"
Iroh says: "Oh, now I see."
Iroh says: "It's a beautiful name for a lovely girl!"
Longshot approaches Smellerbee and gestures at her.
Smellerbee says: "I know, you're right."
Smellerbee says: "As long as I'm confident with who I am, it doesn't matter what other people think."
Smellerbee says: "Thanks, Longshot."
Longshot nods at her. Jet approaches Zuko and Iroh.
Jet says: "From what I heard, people eat like this every night in Ba Sing Se."
Jet says: "I can't wait to set my eyes on that giant wall."
Iroh says: "It is a magnificent sight."
Jet says: "So you've been there before?"
Iroh says: "Once."
Iroh says: "When I was a..."
Iroh says: "different man."
Jet says: "I've done some things in my past that I'm not proud of, but that's why I'm going to Ba Sing Se: for a new beginning."
Jet says: "A second chance."
Iroh says: "That's very noble of you."
Iroh says: "I believe people can change their lives if they want to."
Iroh says: "I believe in second chances."
Back at the Serpent's Pass. The travelers notice that a section of the pass is below the sea level, and not able to be navigated.
Katara says: "Everyone single file!"
Momo's curiosity is aroused by the fish. He dives in the water, only to return back when he sees a large shadow. The rest of them notice.
Katara says: "What is that thing?"
The shadow breaks through the water, breaking the divide. Toph quickly uses her earthbending to raise the ground they are standing on above the water. The shadow is actually a large serpent, which appears from the water with a shriek.
Sokka says: "I think I just figured out why they call it the Serpent's Pass!"
Sokka says: "Suki, you know about giant sea monsters, make it go away!"
Suki says: "Just because I live near the unagi doesn't mean I'm an expert!"
Sokka says: "Oh great and powerful sea serpent, please accept this humble and tasty offering."
Sokka says: "Thank you."
Katara says: "Sokka!"
Katara freezes the water to create an ice trail. Everyone except for Toph crosses. Katara tries to ice up the serpent, but it fails.
Sokka says: "Toph, come on, it's just ice!"
Sokka says: "You're doing great!"
Sokka says: "Just follow the sound of my voice!"
Toph says: "It's hard to ignore."
Sokka says: "You're almost there!"
The serpent slams down the ice trail, dropping Toph into a struggle to stay above water.
Toph says: "Help!"
Toph says: "I can't swim!"
Sokka says: "I'm coming, Toph!"
Before he can do anything, Suki jumps in for the save.
Toph says: "Help!"
Toph falls below the water, but Suki pulls her up before she drowns.
Suki says: "Actually, it's me."
Toph says: "Oh..."
Toph says: "well..."
Toph says: "you can go ahead and let me drown now."
Meanwhile, the serpent is caught in a whirlpool created by Aang and Katara. The force of it slams the serpent into the mountain, causing it to fall back below water. Upon seeing the two return, the rest of the travelers cheer. Moments later, near Ba Sing Se's wall.
Sokka says: "There's the wall!"
Sokka says: "Now it's nothing but smooth sailing to Ba Sing Se."
Ying says: "Oh no!"
Sokka says: "What's wrong?"
Ying says: "The baby's coming!"
Sokka says: "What?"
Sokka says: "Now?"
Sokka says: "Can't you hold it in or something?"
Katara says: "Sokka, calm down."
Katara says: "I helped Gran-Gran deliver lots of babies back home."
Sokka says: "This isn't the same as delivering an arctic seal!"
Sokka says: "This is a real..."
Sokka says: "human..."
Sokka says: "thing!"
Katara says: "It's called a baby and I helped her deliver plenty of those, too."
Katara says: "Aang, get some rags."
Katara says: "Sokka, water."
Katara says: "Toph, I need you to make an earth tent, a big one."
Katara says: "Suki, come with me."
Back on the ferry. Jet approaches Zuko.
Jet says: "You know, as soon as I saw your scar, I knew exactly who you were."
Jet says: "You're an outcast, like me."
Jet says: "And us outcasts have to stick together."
Jet says: "We have to watch each other's backs."
Jet says: "Because no one else will."
Zuko says: "I've realized lately that being on your own isn't always the best path."
The ferry closes in on the walls.
Back at the pass. Ying is breathing heavily as the baby delivery continues.
Katara says: "You're doing great, Ying."
Katara says: "Sokka, where's that water?"
Katara says: "Now get ready to push."
Katara says: "One..."
Katara says: "two..."
Katara says: "..."
Katara says: "three, push!"
Ying groans; Sokka passes out. Moments later, the baby arrives and begins to cry. Aang, Toph, and Sokka are all outside the tent.
Katara says: "It's a girl!"
Toph says: "So, you want to go see the baby, or are you going to faint like an old lady again?"
Sokka says: "No, no, I'm good this time."
Katara says: "Aang, you have to come see this."
Aang enters to see the new life.
Toph says: "She sounds healthy."
Katara says: "She's beautiful."
Sokka says: "It's so..."
Sokka says: "squishy looking."
Aang begins to smile.
Than says: "What should we name her?"
Ying says: "I want our daughter's name to be unique."
Ying says: "I want it to mean something."
Aang says: "I've been going through a really hard time lately."
Aang says: "But you've made me..."
Aang says: "hopeful again."
Ying says: "I know what I want to name our baby now."
Ying says: "Hope."
Than says: "That's a perfect name."
Than says: "Hope."
Outside the tent. Aang meets with Katara. Suki, Sokka, and Toph stand next to the tent.
Aang says: "I thought I was trying to be strong."
Aang says: "But really I was just running away from my feelings."
Aang says: "Seeing this family together, so full of happiness and love, it's reminded me how I feel about Appa..."
Aang says: "and how I feel about you."
Katara sheds some tears. Aang and Katara embrace, Katara's eyes still watering. The other three approach.
Aang says: "I promise, I'll find Appa as fast as I can."
Aang says: "I just really need to do this."
Sokka says: "See you in the big city."
Toph says: "Say hi to that big fuzzball for me."
Katara says: "You'll find him, Aang."
Aang says: "I know."
Aang says: "Thank you, Katara."
Aang says: "You ready, Momo?"
Suki approaches Sokka.
Suki says: "Sokka, it's been really great to see you again."
Sokka says: "Whoa, hold on."
Sokka says: "Why does it sound like you're saying goodbye?"
Suki says: "I came along because I wanted to make sure you got through the Serpent's Pass safely."
Suki says: "But now I need to get back to the other Kyoshi Warriors."
Sokka says: "So you came along to protect me?"
Suki says: "Listen, I'm really sorry about last night."
Suki says: "We were talking..."
Suki says: "and saying things..."
Sokka says: "You talk too much."
The two share a deep kiss. Aang and Momo fly to the top of the Outer Wall of Ba Sing Se. However, Aang quickly notices a large drill with a Fire Nation insignia, heading for the wall.
Aang says: "Sorry Momo, Appa's going to have to wait."
Fade to credits.