The episode opens on Ember Island outside Ozai's beach house. Aang practices firebending punches. Zuko watches him with his arms crossed.
Zuko says: "More ferocious!"
Zuko says: "Imagine striking through your opponent's heart!"
Aang says: "I'm trying."
Zuko says: "Now let me hear you roar like a tigerdillo!"
Zuko says: "That sounded pathetic!"
Zuko says: "I said roar!"
Aang roars even louder, as three bursts of fire come out of his hands and mouth. Momo runs and hides behind Zuko's leg in fear. Zuko nods approvingly.
Katara says: "Who wants a nice cool glass of watermelon juice?"
Suki says: "Come on, Zuko."
Suki says: "Just take a break."
Suki says: "What's the big deal?"
Sokka says: "Maybe Zuko's right."
Sokka says: "Sitting around the house has made us pretty lazy."
Sokka says: "But I know  Beach party!"
Dives excitedly out of the camera's view. Camera changes scene to the ocean to show that he entered the water with a splash. Sokka surfaces with seaweed on his head and he blows water from his mouth. He grins goofily. Katara uses waterbending to create an ice surfboard and surfs on the water. Cut to Suki, watching Sokka grab some seaweed and bring it to an area. He takes two buckets and fills them with water. Aang sticks the last piece of wood on a life-sized sand sculpture of Appa, finishing the last horn.
Aang says: "Check out my Appa sand sculpture."
Toph says: "Not bad, baldy,  You're gonna love this."
Toph cracks her knuckles and uses sandbending to create a sand replica of the city of Ba Sing Se. Aang peers down at the replica's details.
Aang says: "Whoa!"
Aang says: "Wow, you've even made a little Earth King and Bosco."
Sokka works hard on a sculpture.
Toph says: "Try and top that, Sokka."
Sokka says: "Ta da!"
Aang says: "Is that a blubbering blob monster?"
Sokka says: "No, it's Suki!"
Aang looks at him with an animated shocked and surprised look until he and Toph both laugh hysterically.
Toph says: "Suki, we'll all understand if you break up with him over this."
Suki says: "I think it's sweet."
Sokka runs and slides into screen on his knees as he grabs Suki by her shoulders and kisses her on the cheek.
Aang says: "But it doesn't even look like- Aah!"
He is cut off by a fire blast that destroys the sculpture. Zuko appears and chases after Aang, blasting at him with firebending. Aang jumps over the sand replica of Ba Sing Se and Zuko destroys the replica. Aang hides behind his Appa sand sculpture.
Aang says: "What are you doing?"
Zuko says: "Teaching you a lesson!"
Zuko destroys Aang's Appa sculpture with a fire blast. Aang jumps back up to the house. Zuko goes after him, continually firing blasts at him. Katara comes back to shore and sees the destruction.
Katara says: "What happened?"
Sokka says: "Oh, and he's attacking Aang."
Katara, Toph, and Suki run after them, the latter dragging Sokka. Zuko chases Aang onto a tree and sends another fire blast at him, forcing him to jump onto the roof of the beach house. Zuko subsequently climbs onto the roof with him.
Aang says: "Get a grip before I blast you off this roof!"
Zuko says: "Go ahead and do it!"
Zuko blasts fire at him. Aang slides down the roof and into the house. He hides behind a dresser. Zuko breaks the roof with firebending and drops into the room. He takes a fighting stance and looks around for Aang. Aang kicks the dresser at him, but Zuko destroys it. Aang runs into the hall. Zuko augments fire into the hallway. Aang clears his part of the hallway from the fire using airbending.
Aang says: "Enough!"
Aang airbends Zuko out of the house. Everyone approaches Zuko.
Katara says: "What's wrong with you?"
Katara says: "You could have hurt Aang!"
Zuko says: "What's wrong with me?"
Zuko says: "What's wrong with all of you?"
Zuko says: "How can you sit around having beach parties when Sozin's Comet is only three days away?"
Zuko says: "Why are you all looking at me like I'm crazy?"
Aang says: "About Sozin's Comet..."
Aang says: "I was actually gonna wait to fight the Fire Lord until after it came."
Zuko says: "After?"
Aang says: "I'm not ready."
Aang says: "I need more time to master firebending."
Toph says: "And frankly, your earthbending could still use some work too."
Zuko says: "So, you all knew Aang was going to wait?"
Sokka says: "Honestly, if Aang tries to fight the Fire Lord now, he's going to lose."
Sokka says: "No offense."
Katara says: "The whole point of fighting the Fire Lord before the Comet was to stop the Fire Nation from winning the War, but they pretty much won the War when they took Ba Sing Se."
Katara says: "Things can't get any worse."
Zuko says: "You're wrong."
Zuko says: "The day before the eclipse, my father asked me to attend an important war meeting."
Zuko says: "It was what I dreamed about for so many years."
Zuko says: "My father had finally accepted me back."
Ozai says: "Welcome, Prince Zuko."
Ozai says: "We waited for you."
Ozai says: "General Shinu, your report."
Shinu says: "Thank you, sir."
Shinu says: "Ba Sing Se is still under our control."
Shinu says: "However, earthbender rebellions have prevented us from achieving total victory in the Earth Kingdom."
Ozai says: "What is your recommendation?"
Shinu says: "Our army is spread too thin, but once the eclipse is over and the invasion defeated, we should transfer more domestic forces into the Earth Kingdom."
Ozai says: "Hmm."
Ozai says: "Prince Zuko, you've been among the Earth Kingdom commoners."
Ozai says: "Do you think that adding more troops will stop these rebellions?"
Zuko says: "The people of the Earth Kingdom are proud and strong."
Zuko says: "They can endure anything, as long as they have hope."
Ozai says: "Yes, you're right."
Ozai says: "We need to destroy their hope."
Azula says: "I think you should take their precious hope and the rest of their land and burn it all to the ground."
Ozai says: "Yes..."
Ozai says: "Sozin's Comet is almost upon us, and on that day, it will endow us with the strength and power of a hundred suns."
Ozai says: "No bender will stand a chance against us."
Shinu says: "What are you suggesting, sir?"
Ozai says: "When the comet last came, my grandfather, Fire Lord Sozin, used it to wipe out the Air Nomads."
Zuko says: "My whole life, I struggled to gain my father's love and acceptance, but once I had it, I realized I'd lost myself getting there."
Zuko says: "I'd forgotten who I was."
Katara says: "I can't believe this."
Sokka says: "I always knew the Fire Lord was a bad guy, but his plan is just pure evil."
Aang says: "What am I gonna do?"
Zuko says: "I know you're scared, and I know you're not ready to save the world, but if you don't defeat the Fire Lord before the comet comes, there won't be a world to save anymore."
Aang says: "Why didn't you tell me about your dad's crazy plan sooner?"
Zuko says: "I didn't think I had to."
Zuko says: "I assumed you were still going to fight him before the comet."
Zuko says: "No one told me you decided to wait."
Aang says: "This is really, really bad."
Katara says: "Aang, you don't have to do this alone."
Toph, Zuko, Sokka, and Suki stand next to Katara.
Toph says: "Yeah, if we all fight the Fire Lord together, we got a shot at taking him down."
Sokka says: "All right!"
Sokka says: "Team Avatar is back!"
Sokka says: "Air."
Aang says: "Fighting the Fire Lord is going to be the hardest thing we've ever done together, but I wouldn't want to do it any other way."
Everybody except Zuko laughs and walks over to Aang for a group hug.
Toph says: "Yeah."
Sokka says: "All right."
Katara says: "Get over here, Zuko."
Katara says: "Being part of the group also means being part of group hugs."
With a resigned look on his face, Zuko joins the hug. Appa flies in, knocking the entire group over. The camera cuts to the beach house courtyard in another lesson between Aang and Zuko. Under the pavilion, Katara watches with Momo at her side.
Zuko says: "There's one technique you need to know before facing my father - how to redirect lightning."
Zuko says: "You turn your opponents' energy against them."
Aang says: "That's like waterbending."
Zuko says: "Exactly."
Zuko says: "My uncle invented this technique himself by studying waterbenders."
Aang says: "So, have you ever redirected lightning before?"
Zuko says: "Once, against my father."
Aang says: "What did it feel like?"
Zuko says: "but terrifying."
Zuko says: "You feel so powerful holding that much energy in your body, but you know if you make the wrong move, it's over."
Aang says: "am I right?"
Katara says: "Actually, I used it all up after Azula shot you."
Aang says: "Oh."
Zuko says: "You'll have to take the Fire Lord's life before he takes yours."
Aang says: "Yeah, I'll just do that."
The scene changes to the rocky cliffs near the beach.
Sokka says: "Gather round, Team Avatar."
Sokka says: "He delivers the final blow."
Toph says: "Uh..."
Toph says: "what about me?"
Sokka says: "For now, you're the Melon Lord's forces."
Toph says: "So I get to chuck flaming rocks at all of you?"
Sokka says: "Whatever makes the training feel more realistic."
Toph says: "Sweetness."
Fade to the Melon Lord. The camera pulls back to show Toph surrounded by boulder coated in grease with small bowls of fire set out in front of each boulder.
Toph says: "Mwah-ha-ha-ha!"
Katara and Sokka look at Aang and Momo who look at Suki and Sokka. Sokka signals to the others to start moving. Sokka and Suki run toward the Melon Lord, but become confronted by stone Fire Nation soldiers, who suddenly rise out of the ground. Sokka cuts one stone soldier in half and Suki kicks down another one. They keep running, but a large burning rock boulder falls out of the sky, blocking the camera's view of them. Suki jumps over the boulder. Sokka finds himself fallen down just a few inches away from the flaming boulder and jumps up.
Sokka says: "Watch it, Toph!"
Toph says: "I am not Toph."
Toph says: "I am Melon Lord!"
Toph says: "Mwah-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!"
Toph lights a second boulder on fire and sends it through the air at Zuko and Katara. They run around the boulder and become surrounded by a circle of stone Fire Nation soldiers, which they quickly destroy.
Sokka says: "Now, Aang!"
Aang jumps, preparing to strike the Melon Lord with his glider staff. Aang looks at the Melon Lord and changes expressions from anger to uncertainty. When he lands, Aang stops his attack just before smashing the Melon Lord. He backs away.
Zuko says: "What are you waiting for?"
Zuko says: "Take him out!"
Aang says: "I can't."
Sokka says: "What's wrong with you?"
Sokka says: "If this was the real deal, you'd be shot full of lightning right now."
Aang says: "I'm sorry, but it just didn't feel right."
Aang says: "I didn't feel like myself."
Sokka takes out his sword. Cut to Aang, wincing as he hears squishing sounds.
Sokka says: "There, that's how it's done."
A piece of melon falls on the ground near the Melon Lord. Momo slurps some melon juice out of the piece. The camera zooms toward Aang, who is horrified at the scene. Later that night, Team Avatar shares a meal outside. Aang faces away from the rest of the group.
Katara says: "I have a surprise for everyone!"
Toph says: "I knew it!"
Toph says: "You did have a secret thing with Haru!"
Katara says: "Uh, no."
Katara says: "Look at baby Zuko."
Katara says: "Isn't he cute?"
Everybody except Zuko laughs.
Katara says: "Oh, lighten up."
Katara says: "I'm just teasing."
Zuko says: "That's not me."
Zuko says: "It's my father."
Katara rolls up the scroll.
Suki says: "But he looks so sweet and innocent."
Zuko says: "Well, that sweet little kid grew up to be a monster, and the worst father in the history of fathers."
Aang says: "But he's still a human being."
Zuko says: "You're going to defend him?"
Aang says: "No, I agree with you."
Aang says: "Fire Lord Ozai is a horrible person, and the world would probably be better off without him, but there's got to be another way."
Zuko says: "Like what?"
Aang says: "I don't know."
Aang says: "Maybe we can make some big pots of glue, and then I can use gluebending to stick his arms and legs together so he can't bend anymore."
Aang says: "Do you really think that would work?"
Zuko says: "No!"
Aang says: "This goes against everything I learned from the monks."
Aang says: "I can't just go around wiping out people I don't like."
Sokka says: "Sure you can."
Sokka says: "You're the Avatar."
Sokka says: "If it's in the name of keeping balance, I'm pretty sure the universe will forgive you."
Aang says: "This isn't a joke, Sokka!"
Aang says: "None of you understand the position I'm in."
Katara says: "Aang, we do understand."
Katara says: "It's just..."
Aang says: "Just what, Katara?"
Aang says: "What?"
Katara says: "We're trying to help!"
Aang says: "Then, when you figure out a way for me to beat the Fire Lord without taking his life, I'd love to hear it!"
Katara says: "Aang, don't walk away from this."
Zuko says: "Let him go."
Zuko says: "He needs time to sort it out by himself."
Aang meditates at the beach house porch in front of four candles, some berries, a plate of fruit, and a small cup of water. Momo flies in front of Aang.
Aang says: "I didn't think so."
Momo lays down to rest, and soon Aang falls asleep too after the candles have burnt out. The camera pans out from the beach house to an island. Aang wakes up to chanting and walks toward the mysterious island, barely awake with Momo following him. Aang starts swimming when he reaches the water. The scene changes to the next morning and the mysterious island is gone. Appa eats some hay while Sokka sits on his saddle.
Sokka says: "Okay, that's everything."
Toph says: "No, it's not."
Toph says: "Where's Aang?"
Team Avatar runs to the beach house.
Zuko says: "Aang?"
Zuko says: "Aang!"
Toph says: "Come on, lazy bones, let's go."
Suki and Katara run to check one side of the beach house. Sokka, Zuko, and Toph run to check the other side. Zuko opens a door, but does not find Aang. Toph shrugs to show Zuko she has not found him either. Zuko checks the porch, scratching his head. He spots Aang's staff as Katara and Suki follow him.
Sokka says: "He left his staff."
Sokka says: "That's so strange."
Fade to the beach.
Sokka says: "Look, there's his footprints."
Sokka says: "The trail ends here."
Suki says: "So, he went for a midnight swim and never came back?"
Katara says: "Maybe he was captured."
Sokka says: "I don't think so."
Sokka says: "There's no sign of a struggle."
Toph says: "I bet he ran away again."
Sokka says: "Uh-uh."
Sokka says: "He left behind his glider and Appa."
Toph says: "Then what do you think happened to him, oh sleuthy one?"
Sokka says: "It's pretty obvious."
Sokka says: "Aang mysteriously disappears before an important battle?"
Sokka says: "He's definitely on a Spirit World journey."
Zuko says: "But if he was, wouldn't his body still be here?"
Sokka says: "Oh, yeah."
Sokka says: "Forgot about that."
Katara says: "Then he's got to be somewhere on Ember Island."
Katara says: "Let's split up and look for him."
Toph latches onto Zuko's arm. Zuko blushes.
Toph says: "I'm going with Zuko!"
Toph says: "What?!"
Toph says: "!"
Toph says: "Everyone else went on a life-changing field trip with Zuko."
Toph says: "Now it's my turn."
Sokka rides on Appa, searching the shores for Aang. In Harbor City, Suki and Katara approach a group of people gathered in a circle.
Suki and Katara become frustrated by the false lead. The scene changes to Toph and Zuko walking along the beach.
Toph says: "And then when I was nine, I ran away again."
Zuko says: "Uh-huh."
Toph says: "I know I shouldn't complain."
Toph says: "My parents gave me everything I ever asked for, but they never gave me the one thing I really wanted, their love."
Toph says: "You know what I mean?"
Toph says: "This is the worst field trip ever."
Later, back at the beach house, Toph, Zuko, Suki, and Katara sit on the beach house stairs. Sokka lands Appa below the stairs.
Sokka says: "Judging by the looks on your faces, I'm guessing you guys didn't find Aang, either."
Zuko says: "No."
Zuko says: "It's like he just..."
Zuko says: "disappeared."
Toph says: "Hey, wait a minute."
Toph says: "Has anyone noticed that Momo is missing, too?"
Sokka says: "Momo, I'm coming for you, buddy."
Katara says: "Sokka, Appa didn't eat Momo."
Katara says: "He's probably with Aang."
Sokka says: "That's just what Appa wants you to think."
Zuko says: "Get out of the bison's mouth, Sokka."
Zuko says: "We have a real problem here."
Zuko says: "Aang is nowhere to be found and the comet is only two days away."
Katara says: "What should we do Zuko?"
Katara, Suki, and Toph turn to stare at Zuko. In the background, Sokka slips out of Appa's mouth, covered in bison saliva.
Zuko says: "Why are you all looking at me?"
Katara says: "Well, you are kind of the expert on tracking Aang."
Toph says: "Yeah, if anyone's got experience hunting the Avatar..."
Toph says: "it's you."
Sokka tries standing up in the background, but falls back down. Zuko nods. The scene changes to Appa flying along the coast, led by Zuko.
Sokka says: "Zuko, I don't wanna tell you how to do your job, but why are we heading towards the Earth Kingdom?"
Sokka says: "There's no way Aang's there."
Zuko says: "Just trust me."
An aerial shot of the Royal Palace. Ozai and Azula travel in palanquins to a ship.
Azula says: "Come on slowpokes!"
Azula says: "Faster!"
Ozai walks out of his palanquin and up the stairs. Azula runs behind him and gets on one knee to bow.
Azula says: "Sorry I'm late, father."
Azula says: "Good palanquin bearers are so hard to come by these days."
Azula says: "So, is everything ready for our departure?"
Ozai says: "There has been a change of plans, Azula."
Azula says: "What?"
Ozai says: "I've decided to lead the fleet of airships to Ba Sing Se alone."
Ozai says: "You will remain here in the Fire Nation."
Azula says: "But I thought we were going to do this together."
Ozai says: "My decision is final."
Azula says: "You..."
Azula says: "you can't treat me like this!"
Azula says: "You can't treat me like Zuko!"
Ozai says: "Azula, silence yourself."
Azula says: "But it was my idea to burn everything to the ground!"
Azula says: "I deserve to be by your side!"
Ozai says: "Azula!"
Ozai says: "Listen to me."
Ozai says: "I need you here to watch over the homeland."
Ozai says: "It's a very important job that I can only entrust to you."
Azula says: "Really?"
Ozai says: "And for your loyalty, I've decided to declare you the new Fire Lord."
Azula says: "Fire Lord Azula?"
Azula says: "It does seem appropriate, but what about you?"
Ozai says: "Fire Lord Ozai is no more."
Ozai says: "Just as the world will be reborn in fire, I shall be reborn as the supreme ruler of the world."
Ozai says: "the Phoenix King."
Servants pull up the phoenix emblem behind Ozai. Soldiers raise the phoenix flags beside the Fire Nation flags. Two more soldiers firebend into the base of the flag pole, causing fire to shoot out at the sides. The crowd bows before their new king. The camera cuts to Ozai and zooms out. Cut to an aerial view of a tavern as Team Avatar approaches. Inside the tavern, lively music plays. Zuko enters, followed by Katara, Sokka, Suki, and Toph.
Katara says: "And the reason you've brought us to a seedy Earth Kingdom tavern is what now?"
Zuko says: "June."
The camera zooms toward June, who holds a drink. A thug tries to attack her, but she makes him fall down and uses him as a foot rest. Another thug tries to punch her, but she dodges every punch, still holding her drink.
Sokka says: "Oh yeah, that weird bounty hunter with the giant mole."
Suki says: "Mole?"
Suki says: "Her skin is flawless."
Sokka says: "No, she has this giant mole creature she rides around on."
Zuko says: "The shirshu."
Zuko says: "It's the only animal that can track Aang's scent anywhere in the world."
Zuko says: "It's the one shot we have of finding him."
The second thug continues punching June. She throws her drink into the air, throws the thug at a table, catches her drink and takes a sip.
Toph says: "I don't know who this June lady is, but I like her."
Cut to Aang sleeping on a mysterious island, while Momo licks his cheek.
Aang says: "Where are we?"
Fade to credits.