The episode begins with a beautiful sunrise that just peeks above some cliffs. The beams of the morning sun reflect on the water, bathing the whole scene in yellow light. The camera pans to the left, where the group has made camp on the shore. Appa is seen chewing on some grass while the smoke of the nearby campfire rises to the sky. Sokka is lying in a blue sleeping bag next to the fire. The camera zooms in on Aang and Katara atop Appa. Aang sits on the bison's head and is checking the knots that tie the reins to Appa's horns. Katara is sitting on the saddle, fiddling with their luggage.
Aang says: "Wait 'til you see it, Katara!"
Aang says: "The Air Temple is one of the most beautiful places in the world!"
Katara says: "but it's been a hundred years since you've been home."
Aang says: "That's why I'm so excited!"
Katara says: "It's just that..."
Katara says: "a lot can change in all that time."
Aang says: "I know, but I need to see it for myself."
Aang jumps off Appa, landing softly due to his airbending. A side-view shows him as he walks over to a snoring Sokka, who is lying in his sleeping bag. The shot changes to a view from next to Sokka's head, looking up at the approaching airbender.
Sokka says: "Uggh!"
Sokka says: "Sleep now."
Sokka says: "Temple later."
Sokka turns around, showing his back to Aang and falls back asleep, snoring as soon as his eyes close. Close-up of Aang, whose big eyes blink in surprise. He looks discontent with Sokka's attitude, but he quickly smiles mischievously. Aang grabs a small, thin stick.
Aang says: "There's a prickle snake in your sleeping bag!"
Sokka says: "Ahh!"
Katara giggles, as Sokka falls over. Close-up of Sokka's angry face.
Aang says: "Great!"
Aang says: "You're awake!"
Aang says: "Let's go!"
The scene slowly fades to a harbor, where several Fire Nation ships are lined up next to each other. The camera pans to the left to reveal a smaller ship docked between all the others, identical mastodons. Its walkway is down and the small figures of two persons are seen leaving the ship. Cut to a closer shot of Zuko and Iroh, as they reach the bottom of the walkway.
Zuko says: "Uncle, I want the repairs made as quickly as possible."
Zuko says: "I don't want to stay too long and risk losing his trail."
Iroh says: "You mean the Avatar?"
Zuko says: "Once word gets out that he's alive, every firebender will be out looking for him, and I don't want anyone getting in the way!"
Zhao says: "Prince Zuko?"
The man walks over to the duo with his hands held behind his back. Zuko awaits him with his arms crossed with contempt, while Iroh just stares at him.
Zuko says: "Captain Zhao."
Zhao says: "General Iroh."
Zhao says: "Great hero of our nation."
Iroh says: "Retired general."
Zhao says: "The Fire Lord's brother and son are welcome guests anytime."
Zhao says: "What brings you to my harbor?"
Iroh says: "Our ship is being repaired."
As Iroh gestures toward the ship, the camera moves back to show the severely damaged ship.
Zhao says: "That's quite a bit of damage."
Zuko says: "Yes."
Zuko says: "Uncle!"
Zuko says: "Tell Commander Zhao what happened."
Iroh says: "What?"
Iroh says: "Did we crash or something?"
Zuko says: "Yes!"
Zuko says: "Right into..."
Zuko says: "an Earth Kingdom ship!"
Zhao says: "Join me for a drink?"
Zuko says: "Sorry, but we have to go."
Zhao smiles evilly at him as he starts to walk away, but after a few steps, Iroh place his hand on his shoulder to hold him back.
Iroh says: "Prince Zuko, show Commander Zhao your respect."
Iroh says: "We would be honored to join you."
Iroh says: "Do you have any ginseng tea?"
Iroh says: "It's my favorite."
Iroh and Zhao walk off screen. Zuko grunts in anger upon hearing Iroh's tea comment. He growls angrily and firebends a small arc out of annoyance as he turns to walk after them.
The scene cuts to Appa, who is flying above the clouds in the Patola Mountain range. A closer shot reveals Aang and Katara sitting atop Appa's head, and Sokka is back in the saddle. Switch to a close-up of him clutching his stomach at it growls. Close-up of his face, with a look of dismay all over it.
Sokka says: "Hey, stomach?"
Sokka says: "Be quiet, all right?"
Sokka says: "I'm trying to find us some food."
Sokka starts to go through the luggage and gets out a bag. He looks at it for a moment while it sways in the wind. With his tongue out of his mouth full anticipation, he sticks his hand in the bag and starts to go through it. He looks surprised for a moment, but quickly and with anticipation turns the bag upside down to pour the contents into his hand. Close-up of his gloved hand as only a few crumbs of blubbered seal jerky fall into it.
Sokka says: "Hey!"
Sokka says: "Who ate all of my blubbered seal jerky?!"
Sokka says: "!"
Aang says: "Sorry."
Sokka says: "No wonder the flames smelled so good."
Cut to a wider shot, as Appa races past and ascends up to some mountains.
Aang says: "The Patola Mountain range!"
Aang says: "We're almost there!"
Katara says: "Aang, before we get to the temple, I want to talk to you about the airbenders."
Aang says: "What about 'em?"
Katara says: "They killed my mother, and they could have done the same to your people."
Aang says: "Just because no one has seen an airbender, doesn't mean the Fire Nation killed them all."
Aang says: "They probably escaped!"
Katara says: "I know it's hard to accept."
Aang says: "Right, Appa?"
Appa grunts. The camera moves back to show that Appa flies past to begin a last ascent up the side of a mountain.
Aang says: "Yip yip!"
An overview shot follows Appa's flight up the mountain and through the clouds. Appa turns out of sight behind the flank of a mountain. The camera view shifts and Appa is seen emerging from behind that flank and turns further upward. Close-up of his passengers. Aang holds onto the reins tightly as Appa rapidly ascends while Katara, whose eyes are closed, and Sokka hold on tight to Appa's fur and saddle respectively. Aang looks back for a moment to his passengers. The camera switches to a further off view of Appa as he flies over the rocks and into the sky again. He flies over a last ridge that is covered with trees. The camera pans up to reveal a large temple as Appa floats toward it.
Aang says: "There it is."
Aang says: "The Southern Air Temple."
Katara says: "Aang, it's amazing!"
Aang is visibly excited as a close-up shows how his eyes widen upon the sight of the temple.
The scene switches back to the Earth Kingdom docks, where several Fire Navy ships are lined up. Something that looks like a railroad stretches out along the shipyard. The camera moves to the right to reveal a number of tents lined up in front of the ships. One of the bigger tents is being guarded by two Fire Nation soldiers. Switch to a shot of Zhao inside the tent, standing in front of a large map of the Avatar World that is hung up on the wall. He holds his hands behind his back. The camera slowly starts to move back.
Zhao says: "..."
Zhao says: "And by the year's end, the Earth Kingdom capital will be under our rule."
Zhao says: "The Fire Lord will finally claim victory in this war."
Zuko says: "If my father thinks the rest of the world will follow him willingly, then he is a fool!"
Zhao says: "Two years at sea have done little to temper your tongue."
Zhao says: "So, how is your search for the Avatar going?"
Iroh knocks over a weapon display behind them. The weapons come crashing down with a lot of noise. The general cowers at the noise and the damage he wrecked. Zhao turns around looking annoyed.
Iroh says: "Eh.."
Iroh says: "My fault, entirely."
Iroh places his hands in his sleeves and walks away backward out of the screen with a faint smile on his face.
Zuko says: "We haven't found him yet."
Zhao says: "Did you really expect to?"
Zhao says: "The Avatar died a hundred years ago."
Zhao says: "Unless you have found some evidence that the Avatar is alive?"
Zuko says: "Nothing."
Zhao says: "If you have an ounce of loyalty left, you'll tell me what you found."
Zuko says: "I haven't found  Come on, Uncle, we're going."
As Zuko approaches the door, the guards stop him from leaving by crossing their spears while a third soldier enters the room. The camera switches to Zhao's point of view. Zuko and the two soldiers blocking his path can be seen in the background. The camera pans to the right to reveal the soldier that entered walking up to Zhao.
Soldier says: "Commander Zhao, we interrogated the crew as you instructed."
Soldier says: "They confirmed Prince Zuko had the Avatar in custody,  but let him escape."
Zhao says: "how, exactly, was your ship damaged?"
The scene fades to a shot of the Southern Air Temple, as the camera slowly moves closer toward it. Cut to Appa, who has landed at the base of snow covered stairs. The camera quickly pans up to reveal three small figures making their way up the mountain trail. The lead figure is running. Close-up of Aang as he runs at the front, excitedly looking back at the two siblings. As the two emerge from behind a corner, Aang runs off the screen.
Sokka says: "So where do I get something to eat?"
Closer shot of the two siblings. Sokka clutches his stomach with both hands. The bags under his eyes are darkened and he has a very annoyed look on his face.
Katara says: "You're lucky enough to be one of the first outsiders to ever visit an airbender temple, and all you can think about is food?"
The camera switches to a broader view as the two siblings draw level with Aang, who is waiting for them at the next corner.
Sokka says: "I'm just a simple guy, with simple needs."
Switch to a front view of Aang, who points at something in front of him as Katara and Sokka approach.
Switch to a front view of Aang, with Katara and Sokka in the background. Aang looks sad at the deserted remains of his home.
Katara says: "What's wrong?"
Aang says: "I can't believe how much things have changed."
The camera moves back to show that Katara and Sokka give each other a look of sympathy. They quickly approach Aang. The camera switches back to a front view of Aang, who still looks sad as Katara and Sokka pull up beside him.
Sokka says: "So uh, this airball game."
Sokka says: "How do you play?"
Katara smiles at her brother and Aang's face clears up. He smiles too, as he looks at Sokka from the corners of his eyes. Cut to a shot of Sokka, looking concentrated while standing on a pole and guarding the goal of the airball court. The camera quickly moves back to the other side of the court, where Aang also stands on one of the tall poles, suspending a hollow ball in the air with airbending. He lets the ball roll over his shoulders, tosses it from side to side and lazily tosses it up in the air. He looks and smiles innocently at Sokka with his hands behind his back. Switch to Sokka, who looks surprised at the upward movement of the ball before cutting back to Aang who opens one eye as the ball comes down again. The airbender jumps up and kicks the ball away with a powerful air swipe. It rapidly shoots across the poles, changing direction as it crashes into several poles, but steadily moving closer toward Sokka's goal. Switch to Sokka's point of view as the ball races quickly toward him. Change to a side-view of Sokka, who opens his mouth in shock. He grunts as the ball hits him right in the stomach. The force of impact sends Sokka and the ball flying backward, right through the rotating door of the goal behind him. The camera moves further back to reveal Sokka crashing into the snow behind the goal. Aang laughs as he jumps up in joy. Close-up of Aang as he holds a hand above his eyes to make out where Sokka landed.
Aang says: "Sokka, zero!"
Cut to a shot of Sokka lying in the dirt. A twig is lying on his head while he looks a bit miserable. Katara stands in the background looking at her brother.
Sokka says: "Katara, check this out."
Katara says: "Fire Nation."
Sokka says: "We should tell him."
Katara says: "Aang!"
Katara says: "There's something you need to see."
Aang says: "Okay!"
Close-up of Katara, as her determined look to tell Aang the truth shifts to one of insecurity. She glances at the helmet and back at the approaching Aang. Suddenly she shifts her weight and brings her arms up. With one swift movement she swings her arms back, manipulating the overhanging snow to fall down, obscuring the helmet and Sokka from sight.
Aang says: "What is it?"
Sokka brushes the snow off his head in the background and looks at his sister.
Katara says: "Uh..."
Katara says: "Just a new waterbending move I learned."
Aang says: "Nice one!"
Aang says: "But enough practicing,  we have a whole temple to see!"
Sokka says: "You know, you can't protect him forever."
Katara sadly slants her eyes and walks after Aang. The scene switches to a full view of one of the temple's many towers and quickly pans down to reveal that the trio has made it to a courtyard with a fountain in the middle. The water is frozen. Sokka and Katara are standing at the entrance of the courtyard, while Aang runs up ahead excitedly.
Sokka says: "Katara, firebenders were here."
Sokka says: "You can't pretend they weren't."
Katara walks passed her brother. Camera view switches to a side-view. Sokka pulls up beside Katara as she is talking.
Katara says: "I can for Aang's sake."
Katara says: "If he finds out that the Fire Nation invaded his home, he'll be devastated."
Aang says: "I want you to meet somebody!"
Point of view switches to a shot from over the shoulder of the statue.
Sokka says: "Who's that?"
Aang says: "He taught me everything I know."
Aang bows to the statue of an elderly man with a mustache and a distinct round necklace sitting in lotus with his fists bumped to each other in front of him, while the camera zooms in on it. When the shot has zoomed in to a close-up of the statue's face, the scene changes to a flashback of Aang's past, the statue's face is replaced by the face of the real Gyatso. The scenery also become much brighter as it is a flashback of a sunny day at the Southern Air Temple.
Gyatso says: "But the true secret, is in the gooey center."
The camera moves back a bit to reveal that Monk Gyatso is standing in front of an oven. With the use of a long wooden paddle, he retracts an orange, fruit pie out of the oven. With the use of his airbending, he creates a miniature tornado to spin out the fruity center of the pie.
The camera moves back to reveal Aang sitting on the ledge of the balcony, resting his left hand on his knee while staring into nothing. A bison is grazing in the trees on the background.
Aang says: "Hmm..."
Gyatso walk over to the ledge as well and places his newly baked cake next to three others that were already standing there.
Gyatso says: "My ancient cake-making technique isn't the only thing on your mind, is it, Aang?"
Aang says: "This whole Avatar thing, m-maybe the monks made a mistake."
Gyatso says: "The only mistake they made was telling you before you turned sixteen, but we can't concern ourselves with what was."
Gyatso says: "We must act on what is."
Gyatso extends his arm and while he does so, the camera moves back to reveal the beauty of the Southern Air Temple. The sky is filled with several sky bison with their calves who are feasting from the nearby trees. Sun beams bathe the scene in bright light.
Aang says: "But Gyatso?"
Aang says: "How do I know if I'm ready for this?"
Gyatso says: "Your questions will be answered when you're old enough to enter the air temple sanctuary."
Gyatso says: "Inside, you will meet someone who will guide you on your journey."
The camera moves slowly toward Aang whose face clears up. He uses his airbending to shift positions on the ledge, now facing his guardian and teacher.
Aang says: "Who is it?"
Gyatso says: "or not?"
Aang says: "All right."
The scene cuts to a close-up of a purple fruit pie with Aang and Gyatso in the background. They take on an airbending stance, bringing their hand back.
Gyatso says: "One."
Gyatso says: "Two."
Gyatso says: "Three!"
They shift their weight to the front says: "Gyatso:  my young pupil."
launching their air balls. The balls send the four fruit pies flying high in the air says: "Gyatso:  my young pupil."
disappearing in the clouds. The scene of the flying cakes switches to a shot of four monks in lotus says: "Gyatso:  my young pupil."
meditating quietly between some trees. Suddenly says: "Gyatso:  my young pupil."
the cakes drop out of the sky says: "Gyatso:  my young pupil."
each of the monks is hit on the head by one of the colorful desserts. The monk at the far left of the line topples over upon impact. The moment the pies hit their heads says: "Gyatso:  my young pupil."
several flying lemurs appear says: "Gyatso:  my young pupil."
start to stuff their faces. One of the lemurs jumps up says: "Gyatso:  my young pupil."
down on the stomach of the toppled-over monk says: "Gyatso:  my young pupil."
while another grabs some cake right of the head of the monk on the far right. One of the lemurs jumps on the head on one of the monks. Cut back to Aang says: "Gyatso:  my young pupil."
Gyatso says: "Gyatso:  my young pupil."
who are laughing loudly at the scene. Aang is clutching his stomach says: "Gyatso:  my young pupil."
while Monk Gyatso is leaning on the railing of the balcony. They both move back from the railing when they are done laughing. The two monks bow at each other says: "Gyatso:  my young pupil."
The flashback fades back to reveal Aang in the present, bowing the same way before the statue as he had done for the real Gyatso. The camera switches to a frontal view of Aang as he erects himself with a sad look upon his face.
Katara says: "You must miss him."
Katara says: "Where are you going?"
Aang says: "The air temple sanctuary."
Aang says: "There's someone I'm ready to meet."
Aang enters the hallway. Cut back to Katara; she looks questioningly at Sokka, who just shrugs. They both start walking after Aang. Switch to an overview shot of inside the corridor. The round symbol of intertwined air currents, the national symbol of the Air Nomads is largely embedded in the floor, surrounded by two square shapes that form some sort of sun together. The camera pans up to reveal that the trio has reached the entrance of the air temple sanctuary. The door supports a combination of metal colored pipes and three, blue, rolled up, pipes that are similar looking and arranges like the symbol for airbending. The large wooden door is framed by the branches of an old tree standing on the left of it and the hallway is illuminated by sunlight that falls through little, round windows.
Katara says: "But Aang, no one could have survived in there for a hundred years."
Aang says: "I survived in the iceberg for that long."
Katara says: "Good point."
Aang says: "Katara, whoever's in there might help figure out this Avatar thing!"
Sokka says: "cured meats!"
Full of anticipation and longing, Sokka charges at the door, but it will not budge and he simply smacks into it, head first. He quickly turns around and puts his back to it, trying to push the giant door open. When the door does not move, he sighs, slides down to the floor, disappointed, and rests against the door.
Sokka says: "I don't suppose you have a key?"
Aang says: "The key, Sokka, is airbending."
Close-up of Aang, as he takes a deep breath. He spreads his arms and thrusts them forward, sending an air current into both of the tubes on the door. The camera follows the path of the right air current as it travels through the pipe. The wind makes one of the blue curled tube turn around. When it does, the tube changes colors to purple and the wind blows out like a horn. The process is repeated for the other two blue tubes as well. When the three blue tubes have turned and become purple, the camera moves back to show that Aang has unlocked the door and it slowly starts to open. Switch to a shot from inside the sanctuary, as the door cracks open and light penetrates the dark room. The doors sway open and Aang is seen standing there with Katara and Sokka in the background. The scene switches to a shot from behind Katara and Sokka, as the door cracks open entirely.
Aang says: "Anyone home?"
Overview shot as Sokka and Katara walks behind Aang. Cut to a shot from close to the ground, as they enter further into the sanctuary and disappear in the darkness.
The scene fades to Zuko, who is sitting in a chair in Zhao's tent, flanked by two Fire Nation soldiers while Zhao is pacing back and forth.
Zhao says: "So a twelve-year-old boy bested you and your firebenders."
Zhao says: "You're more pathetic than I thought."
Zuko says: "I underestimated him once, but it will not happen again!"
Zhao says: "No, it will not."
Zhao says: "Because you won't have a second chance."
Zhao says: "Capturing the Avatar is too important to leave in a teenager's hands."
Zhao says: "He's mine now."
Close-up of Zuko's face, as it contorts with anger and he jumps at Zhao. Cut to a side-view. Before Zuko can reach the commander, however, he is held back by the two guards.
Zhao says: "Keep them here."
Zhao walks away, leaving an angrily panting Zuko. Enraged, he kicks the table in front of Iroh, breaking it clean in two, sending the objects that were on it flying through the room.
Iroh says: "More tea, please."
Cut back to the sanctuary. The camera pans to the right to show a frontal view of Aang, Katara, and Sokka who are venturing further down into the sanctuary. The only light comes from the open door behind them and illuminates the scene with bluish light. They stop, and Sokka holds a hand to his brow to look up ahead. Switch to an overview shot of the trio as they stand in the light that comes in through the door. Their shadows are cast over the floor. The camera moves back and pans more to the right to reveal a large amount of statues of people, lined up in a circular pattern. Switch to a side-view from among the statues as the trio walks through them, curiously looking around. Sokka halts before one of them.
Sokka says: "Statues?"
Sokka says: "That's it?"
Sokka says: "Where's the meat?"
Cut to a side-view of Aang and Katara, who also have stopped and are looking up at a statue.
Katara says: "Who are all these people?"
Aang says: "That one's an airbender."
Katara says: "air, water, earth and fire."
Aang says: "That's the Avatar Cycle."
Katara says: "Of course."
Katara says: "They're Avatars."
Katara says: "All these people are your past lives, Aang."
Aang says: "Wow!"
Aang says: "There are so many!"
Aang starts to walk down the circular pattern. Switch to Katara, who is now standing next to Sokka who has his arms crossed.
Sokka says: "Katara, you really believe in that stuff?"
Katara says: "It's true."
Katara says: "When the Avatar dies, he's reincarnated into the next nation in the cycle."
Cut to a back view of Aang, who is looking at the elderly man while the camera moves in closer. Quick change to a frontal view of Aang, who stares with wide open eyes at the statue. The camera moves in closer to his face. Switch to the face of the statue. Its eyes gleam for a second. Cut back to a close-up of Aang, who is still mesmerized by the statue. Katara appears behind him, grabs his shoulders and shakes him a bit.
Katara says: "Aang!"
Katara says: "Snap out of it!"
Cut to a wider view from over the shoulder of the statue. Aang is smiling at it while Katara looks worried at Aang.
Aang says: "Huh?"
Katara says: "Who is that?"
Aang says: "That's Avatar Roku, the Avatar before me."
Cut to a back view of the duo, as Sokka walks up.
Sokka says: "You were a firebender?"
Sokka says: "No wonder I didn't trust you when we first met."
Katara says: "There's no writing."
Katara says: "How do you know his name?"
Aang says: "I'm not sure."
Aang says: "I just know it somehow."
Sokka says: "You just couldn't get any weirder."
The trio startles and stares with big eyes in front of them when they hear something. They turn around. Switch to a scene of the blue light on the floor that comes in through the door. A long-eared shadow of another being that is approaching moves over it. The camera pans to the right toward the statues, but the trio cannot be seen. Overview shot from among the statues where Katara and Aang are hiding behind a statue on the left and Sokka, who is holding his club ready, hides behind a statue to the right. The shadow is creeping closer. Cut to a closer shot of the threesome. Katara has her teeth clutched in fright, while Aang looks in front of him. Sokka holds his hand to his mouth as he addresses them.
Sokka says: "Firebender."
Sokka says: "Nobody make a sound."
Katara says: "You're making a sound!"
Aang says: "Shhhh!"
Sokka says: "Shhhh!"
Katara looks scared in front of her again. Overview shot of the huddled trio as the shadow creeps closer. Close-up of Sokka, who raises his club.
Sokka says: "That firebender won't know what hit him."
Cut to a broader view as Sokka stands up. The shadow has reached the bases of the statues and the camera pans up to reveal a small figure standing in the doorway; it chitters. The camera changes to a view from behind the figure. Sokka appears from behind the statue, his club to the ready, but lowers it as soon as he sees the animal. Aang and Katara peek form behind their statue as well. Frontal view of the erect flying lemur, as it sits down and lowers his ears, blinking at the appeared threesome. Close-up of Aang.
Aang says: "Lemur!"
Sokka says: "Dinner!"
Cut to a close-up of the lemur, as the animal pricks his ears and slightly tilts his head. Cut back to a close-up of a friendly-looking Aang.
Aang says: "Don't listen to him."
Aang says: "You're going to be my new pet."
Sokka says: "Not if I get him first!"
Sokka stretches his hand while he excitedly lunges himself at the animal from behind the statue. Aang runs up at the lemur as well. Point of view switches to that of the boys. The lemur arcs his back in fright, his ears, hair and tail standing upright as the snatching hands of the boys draw closer. Switch to a back view of the lemur. It startles, quickly turns around and makes a break for it. Sokka barely misses the animal and falls down. Aang nimbly avoids tripping as well by using Sokka's head as a stepping stone. Switch to an overview shot as Sokka quickly gets up and runs behind Aang and the lemur as they exit the sanctuary.
Aang says: "Wait!"
Aang says: "Come back!"
Cut to a shot from low in the hallway. The lemur bounces off the wall and chases out of the screen.
Sokka says: "I want to eat you!"
Aang and Sokka come sliding around the corner and give chase. Sokka passes Aang and shoves him back. Cut to a side-view of Sokka running in the lead. Aang pulls up next to him again, so Sokka takes out his club and takes a swing at Aang's legs. Aang nimbly avoids the club and uses his airbending to run on the side of the wall, laughing loudly with amusement. Cut to a shot from Sokka's point of view as Aang runs up ahead. The airbender runs on the floor again. He quickly turns around and directs on airball at Sokka, which knocks his legs from underneath him. Sokka flips in the air before smacking face first on the ground, his hood falling over his head while he lands. Switch to a frontal view from a balcony as the lemur exits the corridor and sits on the ledge of the balcony, looking back at the approaching Aang. He pricks his ears again and takes flight with a scared look on his face. Cut to a shot from over Aang's shoulder as he is running down the hall. He briefly glances over to see if Sokka is still following. He too exits the hallway and without slowing down, he jumps over the ledge of the balcony, behind the lemur. Cut to a shot from underneath Aang. The airbender turns in the air and uses some of the rocks to break his freefall, jumping from one rock to the other. Cut back to Sokka, who too has reached the balcony, but stops there while looking over the rim.
Sokka says: "Hey!"
Sokka says: "No fair!"
Cut back to a close-up of Aang, who's freefalling again. His mouth is wide open in a smile and his eyes are slightly squinted and watering, owing to the speed of his fall.
Cut to the Fire Nation tent at the occupied Earth Kingdom harbor. Zhao is walking toward it. The scene changes from inside the tent, where two guards hold their spears in front of the exit. Zhao pushes the cloths aside that serve as tent doors and enters.
Zhao says: "My search party is ready."
Zhao says: "Once I'm out to sea,  you'll be free to go."
Zuko says: "Why?"
Zuko says: "Are you worried I'm going to try and stop you?"
Cut to Zhao, who starts to laugh out loud.
Zhao says: "You?"
Zhao says: "Stop me?"
Zhao says: "Impossible."
Zuko says: "Don't underestimate me, Zhao!"
Zuko says: "I will capture the Avatar before you!"
Iroh says: "Prince Zuko, that's enough."
Zhao says: "You can't compete with me."
Zhao says: "I have hundreds of war ships under my command and you?"
Zhao says: "You're just a banished prince."
Zhao says: "No home, no allies."
Zhao says: "Your own father doesn't even want you."
Zuko says: "You're wrong!"
Zuko says: "Once I deliver the Avatar to my father, he will welcome me home with honor, and restore my rightful place on the throne!"
Zhao says: "If your father really wanted you home, he would have let you return by now, Avatar or no Avatar."
Zhao says: "But in his eyes you are a failure and a disgrace to the Fire Nation."
Zuko says: "That's not true."
Zhao says: "You have the scar to prove it."
With a cry of frustration, Zuko jolts up out of his chair and into Zhao's face. Side-view as the two stare at each other in anger.
Zuko says: "Maybe you'd like one to match!"
Zhao says: "Is that a challenge?"
Zuko says: "An Agni Kai."
Zuko says: "At sunset."
Zhao says: "Very well."
Zhao says: "I guess your uncle will do."
Zhao walks away. Front view of Zuko, with Iroh in the background.
Iroh says: "Prince Zuko, have you forgotten what happened last time you dueled a master?"
Zuko says: "I will never forget."
Cut to a scenery shot of the Southern Air Temple. Switch to somewhere inside the temple where the lemur lands on the ground. The animal erects his ears as Aang touches down on the ground behind him as well and launches forward. The lemur jumps out of the way. The camera pans to the right to follow the animal's escape as he runs through some ripped drapes, which once formed a tent.
Aang says: "Come on out, little lemur!"
Aang says: "That hungry guy won't bother you anymore."
Aang walks up to another curtain of drapes. Cut to a frontal view from the other side of the curtain as Aang parts them. He looks in the room, but suddenly takes a sharp breath in shock. Switch to several skeletons dressed in Fire Nation uniforms lying scattered over the floor. The camera slowly pans up to a skeleton lying in the snow, surrounded by many more skeletons of Fire Nation soldiers.
Aang says: "Firebenders?"
Aang says: "They were here?"
Aang enters the room and looks around with a sad expression on his face. The scene switches to a closer shot of the skeleton in the snow and slowly zooms in on it. The skeleton is adorned with a round necklace that supports the symbol of airbending. Close-up of Aang, as he stares at the skeletons. Cut back to a close-up of the skeleton dressed in yellow monk robes. The camera focuses on the round, wooden necklace. Cut back to Aang, whose eyes are trembling with sadness and hold back tears.
Aang says: "Gyatso."
The view changes to one from beside the skeleton; its fingers are clearly visible in the front as Aang drops to his knees in the background and lets out a mournful sigh. Cut to Sokka, who pulls the drapes aside and looks around.
Sokka says: "Come on, Aang."
Sokka says: "Everything will be all right."
Sokka says: "Let's get out of here."
Suddenly, Aang's arrow tattoos begin to glow a bluish white. Cut to a frontal view of Aang, as he lifts his head, his eyes glowing in the same color. The camera pans up; Sokka retracts his hands and gasps for air in fright. Switch to an overview shot of inside the sanctuary where Katara is walking down the circular pattern of statues. She stops before and looks at the statue of Avatar Roku. Cut to a close-up of the statue's face. The camera's point of view switches to behind Roku's shoulder. Katara suddenly looks surprised as a bluish, white light illuminates her face; it seems to come from the statue. Cut back to a close-up of the statue. Its eyes are gleaming bright. The bright light spreads to the other statues and one by one, their eyes start to gleam. The camera pans up to reveal how the light travels from statue to statue and makes its way up to the top of the sanctuary. The camera's point of view switches again to behind Roku's shoulder to show Katara, who is still staring at Roku in shock.
Katara says: "Aang!"
Katara turns around and sprints away.
Switch to another temple hidden somewhere in the mountains. Inside the temple is a man, dressed in the typical green of the Earth Kingdom, sitting in front of a painting of past earth Avatars. Their eyes also begin to gleam brightly. Cut to a frontal view of the man's frightened expression. The light is so strong that it casts long shadows on his face. Switch to somewhere on one of the poles, where two Water Tribe civilians are looking at the water temple's roof that glows bright with bluish, white light. Cut to a far-off view of the Fire Temple; its roof glows with a reddish light. Cut to a view from inside the temple, where a Fire Sage is leaning out of the room from which the light emanates.
Fire Sage says: "Send word to the Fire Lord immediately!"
Fire Sage says: "The Avatar has returned!"
The expression on the recipient Fire Sage's face turns to fright. Cut back to the decaying building Aang is in at the Southern Air Temple. Switch to a close shot of Aang's feet, where a whirlwind begins to form. The wind kicks away a bone. The camera slowly pans up. The wind kicks up and forms a sphere around Aang; his eyes and tattoos still glowing brightly. Aang's clothes flutter heavily in the wind.
Sokka says: "Aang!"
Sokka says: "Come on!"
Sokka says: "Snap out of it!"
Sokka holds up his arm to protect himself against the raging winds. Suddenly, the air sphere around Aang expands and sends Sokka flying backward.
Sokka says: "Aaaaahh!"
Cut to an overview of the dilapidated building. The roof explodes by the force of the hurricane and debris is catapulted high into the air. Switch back to inside the rubble of the building where Sokka spins through the air and smacks against the wall. The air sphere has expanded to a raging tornado with Aang in its center. Sokka peeks at Aang from behind a rock. Switch to an overview shot as Katara walks up to Sokka, holding her arm protectively before her face.
Katara says: "What happened?"
Sokka says: "He found out firebenders killed Gyatso!"
Katara says: "Oh no!"
Katara says: "It's his Avatar Spirit!"
Sokka says: "Well, do it!"
Sokka says: "Before he blows us off the mountain!"
Cut to a side-view as Katara fights the storm to get to Aang. Cut to a shot from over her shoulder. The sphere of wind that engulfs slowly starts to rise in the air. Katara is pushed back by the strong wind currents that fill the remains of the building as the sphere ascends higher and higher.
Cut to an overview shot of a Fire Nation arena at the occupied Earth Kingdom harbor at sunset. Switch to a view of the inside. The camera pans to the left to reveal some two figure standing at the right and 5 figures standing at the left of the arena. Close-up of Zhao, as he is squatting down; He is bare-chested and barefoot and wears a cape over his shoulders. Zuko and Iroh can be seen in the background. Switch to a close-up of Zuko, squatting the same way and dressed in the same attire.
Iroh says: "Remember your firebending basics,  Prince Zuko."
Iroh says: "They are your greatest weapons."
Zuko says: "I refuse to let him win."
Zuko stands up and turns around. The cape drops from his shoulder. Switch to Zhao on the other side of the arena who also rises and turns around; his garment swivels down as well.
Zhao says: "This will be over quickly."