The episode opens to a cloudy sky, looking toward the ground. The point of view switches to one above the clouds as they pass by. A messenger hawk floats into view, emitting a cry. When Appa overshadows the bear and roars, it shrieks again and stoops down, swiveling out of view. The camera shifts to a side-view of Appa soaring along with Aang, Katara and Sokka in his saddle.
Katara says: "don't they?"
Katara says: "Like you could just jump down and you'd land in a big, soft, cottony heap?"
Sokka says: "Maybe you should give it a try."
Katara says: "You're hilarious."
Aang says: "Yeah!"
Cut to a side-view of Appa's saddle as Katara and Sokka pop their heads over the rim, looking down in the direction Aang went. Cut to an upward looking shot following Aang falling down, still smiling broadly. As he passes the camera, it tilts down, following him as he vanishes in a cloud. Cut back to the siblings; Katara looks somewhat worried, while Sokka gazes wide-eyed at the point where Aang vanished. When he leans over to search the sky, Aang comes back up from behind them on his glider. The siblings turn around as they hear the snapping noise of Aang's glider being closed, and they watch how the airbender plops down on the saddle, his legs spread apart and a big smile on his face. Cut to a side-view of an unimpressed looking Sokka, before switching back to a frontal shot of Aang who is dripping wet.
Aang says: "Turns out, clouds are made of water."
He breaths in deeply and slams his balled, right fist against his stretched left hand, creating an expanding air ball around him in the process, drying himself off. As Aang leans back to rest on both his hands, he contently looks at Momo, whose fur got all fluffed by Aang's airbending. Cut to a side-view of Sokka, who is still looking at Aang unimpressed. Katara glances at her brother, but her attention is drawn to something over his shoulder.
Katara says: "Hey, what is that?"
Sokka looks over his right shoulder in the direction Katara is looking as well. Katara gets up and walks to the front of Appa's saddle. Cut to a shot of the landscape in front of them, a large, dark patch of burned land standing out among the lush green of the forest. Cut to a frontal view of the trio now all looking over the front rim of Appa's saddle, surprised looks on their faces.
Sokka says: "It's like a scar..."
The scene fades to a ground view of the scorched forest. The camera pans to the right, showing many burned trees, and Team Avatar standing in the middle of a gray, barren patch.
Sokka says: "It's so quiet."
Sokka says: "There's no life anywhere."
Katara says: "Aang?"
Katara says: "Are you okay?"
Sokka says: "Fire Nation!"
Sokka says: "Those evil savages make me sick!"
Katara says: "Shhh!"
Sokka says: "What?"
Sokka says: "I'm not allowed to be angry?"
Katara points to Aang with a somewhat concerned look on her face as he slumps over, downcast at the sight.
Aang says: "Why would anyone do this?"
Aang says: "How could I let this happen?"
Katara says: "Aang, you didn't let this happen."
Katara says: "It has nothing to do with you."
Aang says: "Yes, it does."
Aang says: "It's the Avatar's job to protect nature."
Aang says: "But I don't know how to do my job."
Katara says: "That's why we're going to the North Pole."
Katara says: "To find you a teacher."
Aang says: "Yeah."
Aang says: "A waterbending teacher."
Aang says: "But there's no one who can teach me how to be the Avatar."
Aang says: "Monk Gyatso said that Avatar Roku would help me."
Sokka says: "The Avatar before you?"
Sokka says: "He died over a hundred years ago; how are you supposed to talk to him?"
Aang says: "I don't know."
In another area, Zuko comes looking for Iroh.
Zuko says: "Uncle!"
Zuko says: "It's time to leave!"
Zuko says: "Where are you?"
Zuko says: "Uncle Iroh!"
Iroh says: "Over here!"
Zuko says: "Uncle?"
Zuko says: "We need to move on."
Zuko says: "We're closing in on the Avatar's trail and I don't want to lose him."
Iroh says: "You look tired, Prince Zuko."
Iroh says: "Why don't you join me in these hot springs and soak away your troubles?"
Zuko says: "My troubles cannot be soaked away."
Zuko says: "It's time to go!"
Iroh says: "You should take your teacher's advice and relax a little."
Iroh says: "The temperature's just right."
Iroh says: "I heated it myself."
Zuko says: "Enough!"
Zuko says: "We need to leave now."
Zuko says: "Get out of the water!"
Iroh says: "Very well!"
Zuko says: "On second thought, why don't you take another few minutes?"
Zuko says: "But be back at the ship in a half-hour or I'm leaving without you!"
Iroh sighs as he slumps back into the water.
The scene returns to the forest.
Katara says: "Hey, Aang!"
Katara says: "You ready to be cheered up?"
Aang says: "Ow!"
Aang says: "Hey, how is that cheering me up?"
Sokka says: "Ow."
Sokka says: "Yeah, I probably deserved that."
Katara says: "These acorns are everywhere, Aang."
Katara says: "That means the forest will grow back!"
Katara says: "Every one of these will be a tall oak tree someday, and all the birds and animals that lived here will come back."
Aang says: "Thanks, Katara."
Katara smiles at him before gasping at the sight of an old man approaching.
Sokka says: "Hey, who are you?"
Kay-fon says: "When I saw the flying bison, I thought it was impossible!"
Kay-fon says: "My village desperately needs your help!"
The scene cuts to them at Senlin Village at sunset. The village has been partially destroyed. The wanderer leads them into the center building.
Kay-fon says: "This young person is the Avatar!"
Senlin Village leader says: "So, the rumors of your return are true!"
Senlin Village leader says: "It is the greatest honor of a lifetime to be in your presence."
Aang says: "Nice to meet you too!"
Aang says: "So..."
Aang says: "is there something I can help you with?"
Senlin Village leader says: "I'm not sure..."
Kay-fon says: "Our village is in crisis, he's our only hope!"
Kay-fon says: "For the last few days at sunset, a spirit monster comes and attacks our village."
Kay-fon says: "He is Hei Bai, the black and white spirit."
Sokka says: "Why is it attacking you?"
Senlin Village leader says: "We do not know, but each of the last three nights, he has abducted one of our own."
Senlin Village leader says: "We are especially fearful because the winter solstice draws near."
Katara says: "What happens then?"
Kay-fon says: "As the solstice approaches, the natural world and the Spirit World grow closer and closer until the line between them is blurred completely."
Senlin Village leader says: "Hei Bai is already causing devastation and destruction."
Senlin Village leader says: "Once the solstice is here, there's no telling what will happen."
Aang says: "So, what do you want me to do, exactly?"
Kay-fon says: "Who better to resolve a crisis between our world and the Spirit World than the Avatar himself?"
Kay-fon says: "You are the great bridge between man and spirits."
Aang says: "Right..."
Aang says: "that's me."
Katara says: "Hey great bridge guy, could I talk to you over here for a second?"
Katara says: "Aang, you seem a little unsure about all of this."
Aang says: "Yeah, that might be because I don't know anything at all about the Spirit World."
Aang says: "It's not like there's someone to teach me this stuff!"
Katara says: "So..."
Katara says: "can you help these people?"
Aang says: "I have to try, don't I?"
Aang says: "Maybe whatever I have to do will just..."
Aang says: "come to me."
Katara says: "I think you can do it, Aang."
Sokka says: "We're all going to get eaten by a spirit monster."
Cut back to the hot spring. A sleeping Iroh is awoken by nearby stirring in the trees.
Iroh says: "Who's there?"
Iroh says: "It seems I dozed off and missed my nephew's deadline, but it was a very sweet nap."
The meadow vole leaps up and down. This is followed by shaking and the ground moving toward Iroh. Suddenly, the rock at the bottom of the spring jumps up, capturing him. Three Earth Kingdom soldiers surround him.
Soldier says: "He's a Fire Nation soldier."
Earthbender captain says: "He's no ordinary soldier."
Earthbender captain says: "This is the Fire Lord's brother, the Dragon of the West."
Earthbender captain says: "The once-great General Iroh, but now, he's our prisoner."
Iroh gives the captain a stern look.
Cut back to Senlin, near sunset. Aang steps outside the center building and awaits the Hei Bai.
Aang says: "Hello, Spirit?"
Aang says: "Can you hear me?"
Aang says: "This is the Avatar speaking."
Aang says: "I'm here to try to help stuff."
Cut to the building interior. Sokka and Katara watch.
Sokka says: "This isn't right."
Sokka says: "We can't sit here and cower while Aang waits for some monster to show up."
Kay-fon says: "If anyone can save us, he can."
Sokka says: "He still shouldn't have to face this alone."
The sun sets and night falls. Cut back to Aang.
Aang says: "The sun has set."
Aang says: "Where are you, Hei Bai?"
Aang says: "Well..."
Aang says: "spirit..."
Aang says: "uhhh..."
Aang says: "I hereby ask you to please leave this village in peace."
Aang says: "Okay..."
Aang says: "well..."
Aang says: "I guess that's settled, then."
He walks away. Behind him, however, the Hei Bai fades into the real world. He walks right behind Aang, who turns to see him.
Aang says: "You must be the Hei Bai spirit."
The spirit releases a burst of energy at him. It moves past him.
Aang says: "My name's Aang!"
Aang says: "I'm the Avatar and I would like to help."
Aang says: "Hey, wait up!"
Aang says: "Uhhh..."
Senlin Village leader says: "The Avatar's methods are..."
Senlin Village leader says: "unusual."
Sokka says: "It doesn't seem too interested in what he's saying."
Sokka says: "Maybe we should go help him."
Kay-fon says: "No."
Kay-fon says: "Only the Avatar stands a chance against the Hei Bai."
Katara says: "Aang will figure out the right thing to do, Sokka."
Hei Bai smashes another building.
Aang says: "Please, would you stop destroying things and listen?"
Aang says: "I'm trying to do my job as spirit bridge!"
Aang says: "Excuse me, would you please turn around?"
Aang says: "I command you to turn around now!"
The spirit hits Aang and sends him flying to the roof of another building, and Aang grunts.
Sokka says: "That's it."
Sokka says: "He needs help."
Katara says: "Sokka, wait!"
Senlin Village leader says: "It's not safe!"
Sokka says: "Hei Bai, over here!"
Aang says: "Sokka, go back!"
Sokka says: "We'll fight him together, Aang."
Back near the hot spring. Two soldiers and Zuko look for Iroh.
Zuko says: "Uncle!"
Zuko says: "Uncle, where are you?"
Fire Nation Soldier says: "Sir, maybe he thought you left without him."
Zuko says: "Something's not right here."
Zuko says: "That pile of rocks."
Fire Nation Soldier says: "It looks like there's been a landslide, sir."
Zuko says: "Land doesn't slide uphill."
Zuko says: "Those rocks didn't move naturally."
Zuko says: "My uncle's been captured by earthbenders!"
Back to the forest. Aang continues to pursue the Hei Bai, looking for Sokka.
Sokka says: "Aang!"
Sokka says: "Over here!"
Sokka says: "Help!"
Aang says: "Hang on, Sokka!"
Aang pulls out his hand, trying to free Sokka. Sokka grunts, trying to reach him. However, before he can grab him, the spirit fades away, taking Sokka with it. Aang shouts and falls in front of a bear-like statue, knocked out.
A couple of hours later, Aang awakens.
Aang says: "Sokka!"
Aang says: "I failed."
The next scene cuts back to the soldiers who captured Iroh. They are riding ostrich horses. One soldier carries a torch with him for light.
Iroh says: "Where are you taking me?"
Earthbender captain says: "We're taking you to face justice."
Iroh says: "Right, but where, specifically?"
Earthbender captain says: "A place you're quite familiar with, actually."
Earthbender captain says: "You once laid siege to it for 600 days, but it would not yield to you."
Iroh says: "Ah, the great city of Ba Sing Se."
Earthbender captain says: "It was greater than you were, apparently."
Iroh says: "I acknowledge my defeat at Ba Sing Se."
Iroh says: "After 600 days away from home, my men were tired, and I was tired."
Iroh says: "And I'm still tired."
He falls off one of the horses. He is quickly picked back up. However, he leaves one of his sandals behind and smiles cunningly.
Cut back to Senlin Village. Katara awaits at the village entrance for Sokka and Aang. The Kay-fon approaches her.
Kay-fon says: "I'm sure they'll be back."
Katara says: "I know."
Kay-fon says: "You should get some rest."
Katara says: "Everything's going to be okay..."
Kay-fon says: "Your brother is in good hands."
Kay-fon says: "I would be shocked if the Avatar returned without him."
Aang says: "Katara?"
Aang says: "Katara, I lost him."
The sun rises.
Kay-fon says: "The sun is rising."
Kay-fon says: "Perhaps he will return soon."
Aang says: "I'm in the Spirit World!"
Cut back to the forest. Zuko comes up on Iroh's sandal.
Back at the Village.
Aang says: "I'll figure this out, Katara."
Aang says: "I promise."
Aang says: "Like they said, I'm the bridge between the worlds, right?"
Aang says: "All I have to do is..."
Aang says: "figure out what I have to do."
Aang says: "But once I do that, no problem."
Aang says: "But, I guess you can't see me either."
Katara says: "It's okay, Appa, don't worry."
Katara says: "I'm sure they're on their way back."
Katara says: "I bet they even found you a bunch of moon peaches for a treat."
Aang says: "What am I supposed to do?"
Aang says: "Avatar Roku, how can I talk to you?"
Cut to a mountain where the earthbenders are leading Iroh through. Iroh looks at the skies and notices the dragon and Aang. He gasps in wonder.
Earthbender captain says: "What's the problem?"
Iroh says: "Nothing."
Iroh says: "Actually, there is a bit of a problem."
Iroh says: "My old joints are sore and aching, and these shackles are too loose."
Earthbender captain says: "Too loose?"
Iroh says: "That's right."
Iroh says: "The cuffs move and jangle around and bump my wrists."
Iroh says: "It would help me if you tighten them so they wouldn't shake around so much."
Earthbender captain says: "Very well."
Earthbender captain says: "Corporal, tighten the prisoner's handcuffs."
They all stop. The corporal dismounts and moves to Iroh. As he touches his handcuffs, Iroh breathes deeply and heats them up. He pushes the corporal's hand to the cuffs, causing him to scream in pain. Iroh jumps free and blasts fire at the soldiers. He rolls down the hill as the soldiers try to get control of their ostrich horses.
Cut back to Aang and Fang. Fang takes him to a temple on an unknown island. He flies into the temple and toward the roof.
Aang says: "Hey, what are you doing?"
Cut back to Iroh rolling down the hill. One of the soldiers hits him with a rockslide. All of the soldiers chase after him, reaching him at the bottom of the hill.
Soldier says: "He's too dangerous, Captain!"
Soldier says: "We just can't just carry him to the Capital!"
Soldier says: "We have to do something now!"
Earthbender captain says: "I agree."
Earthbender captain says: "He must be dealt with immediately and severely."
Iroh spits a rock out.
Meanwhile, Katara is flying on Appa over the forest.
Katara says: "It's no use, Appa."
Katara says: "I don't seem them anywhere."
Katara says: "Our best hope is to go back to the village and wait."
While following the ostrich horse footprints, Zuko notices Appa.
Zuko says: "The Avatar!"
He turns slightly, but looks back at the footprints, debating whether he should save his uncle or follow Appa.
Cut to Fang, who takes Aang back to the statue at high speed. Aang notices his body is there and also prepares for impact.
Aang says: "Whoa!"
He tries to shield himself, bracing the collision. Suddenly, Fang disappears into the statue and Aang is returned to his body. He looks scours the area and jumps down from the statue. There he stares at the statue he was returned to, before opening his glider and flying back to the village.
Cut to the village, sunset. Katara stands outside the center building and notices Aang's return. Aang lands and Katara runs to him.
Katara says: "You're back!"
Katara says: "Where's Sokka?"
Aang says: "I'm not sure..."
The evening gives way to night.
Back to Iroh, who is surrounded by the soldiers.
Earthbender captain says: "These dangerous hands must be crushed."
Iroh says: "Excellent form, Prince Zuko."
Zuko says: "You taught me well."
Earthbender captain says: "Surrender yourselves."
Earthbender captain says: "It's five against two."
Earthbender captain says: "You're clearly outnumbered."
Iroh says: "Yeah, that's true, but you are clearly outmatched."
The solders fire rocks, but Iroh destroys them with the chains. Zuko takes out two soldiers with fire. A rock is fired at him, but Iroh catches it and throws it back at the soldiers, knocking them down. The captain fires three rocks at Zuko, which he dodges. Zuko counters with fire blasts that are dodged. The captain brings up a large mass of rock, however, Iroh throws his chains around his ankles, knocking him and causing the rocks to fall on top of him. The soldiers are heard groaning underneath the rocks.
Zuko says: "Now would you please put on some clothes?"
Cut back to Senlin. Aang awaits at the entrance for the Hei Bai. After some time, he gives up and returns to the center building. Just as he exits, however, the spirit appears to his left. He throws up an air shield to stop its attack.
Katara says: "Aang, what are you doing?!"
Katara says: "!"
Katara says: "Run!"
The spirit prepares to resume its attack when Aang jumps in front of it. He feels its forehead and notices that a panda lurks below it.
Aang says: "You're the spirit of this forest!"
Aang says: "Now I understand."
Aang says: "You're upset and angry because your home was burned down."
Aang says: "When I saw the forest had burned, I was sad and upset, but my friend gave me hope that the forest would grow back."
Katara says: "Sokka!"
Sokka says: "What happened?"
Katara says: "You were trapped in the Spirit World for 24 hours!"
Katara says: "How are you feeling?"
Sokka says: "Like I seriously need to use the bathroom."
Senlin Village leader says: "Thank you, Avatar."
Senlin Village leader says: "If only there were a way to repay you for what you've done."
Sokka says: "You could give us some supplies, and some money."
Katara says: "Sokka!"
Sokka says: "What?"
Sokka says: "We need stuff."
Senlin Village leader says: "It would be an honor to help you prepare for your journey."
Katara says: "I'm so proud of you, Aang."
Katara says: "You figured out what to do, all on your own."
Aang says: "Actually, I did have a little help and there's something else."
Sokka says: "What is it?"
Aang says: "I need to talk to Roku and I think I found a way to contact his spirit."
Katara says: "That's great!"
Sokka says: "Creepy, but great."
Aang says: "There's a temple on a crescent-shaped island and if I go there on the solstice, I'll be able to speak with him."
Katara says: "But the solstice is tomorrow!"
Aang says: "Yeah, and there's one more problem."
Aang says: "The island is in the Fire Nation."
The siblings grow fearful. The shot slowly moves up to the moon over the hills.
Fade to credits.