The episode begins with an aerial shot of Appa, still in his armor, and the rest of the gang, now including Haru, The Duke, and Teo, searching for the Western Air Temple on foot. Cut to Toph leading with Haru and Sokka behind. Cut to Aang, Momo on his head, walking next to Appa. Cut to Teo and The Duke. Cut to Katara, Sokka next to her.
Katara says: "This is humiliating."
Sokka says: "You mean getting thoroughly spanked by the Fire Nation or having to walk all the way to the Western Air Temple?"
Katara says: "Both."
Cut to Aang.
Aang says: "Sorry guys, but Appa gets tired carrying all these people."
Cut to a view of the whole team, Toph leading the way.
Teo says: "I wonder how the rest of the troops are."
Haru says: "They're probably on their way to a prison."
Haru says: "Seems like my dad just got out and now he's going back in."
Cut to view of The Duke walking next to Sokka.
The Duke says: "I miss Pipsqueak."
Sokka says: "I miss not having blisters on my feet."
Brief view of the team from behind before we see Toph's foot stamp down. Cut to Toph looking up, smiling.
Toph says: "Hey, we're here!"
Toph says: "I can feel it!"
Cut to a wide panning shot of the surrounding area. A cliff edge in front of the gang.
Katara says: "Uhhh..."
Katara says: "I think your feet need their eyes checked."
Cut to Aang with Sokka behind.
Aang says: "No, she's right."
Aang says: "We are here!"
Sokka looks around before shrugging. Cut to the front of the gang as the camera pans down, revealing the temple, hidden under the cliff.
Toph says: "Wow..."
Toph says: "it's amazing!"
At another part of the temple, Zuko descends down a rope and swings back and forth twice before jumping down. When he lands on the ground, he has a flashback to three years ago, just after his banishment. Cut to a frontal shot of the cliff similar to the one Toph and the group were on earlier. Camera pans down to show the various natural structures through the mist of the temple.
Iroh says: "What a stunning view."
Cut to Zuko with covering over his fresh scar. Iroh stands behind him.
Zuko says: "The only view I'm interested in seeing is the Avatar in chains."
Iroh says: "You know, the Avatar hasn't been seen for one hundred years."
Iroh says: "The chances of finding him here are very slim."
Zuko says: "First we'll check each of the air temples, then we'll scour the world, searching even the most remote locations until we find him."
Iroh says: "Prince Zuko, it's only been a week since your banishment."
Iroh says: "You should take some time to heal and rest."
Zuko says: "What else would I expect to hear from the laziest man in the Fire Nation?"
Zuko says: "The only way to regain my honor is to find the Avatar, so I will."
Iroh walks away as the flashback ends, fading to Zuko who looks disappointed in himself. Zuko notices Appa flying nearby and hides quickly. He subsequently runs off. Cut back to Team Avatar.
Teo says: "It's so different from the Northern Air Temple."
Teo says: "I wonder if there are any secret rooms."
Haru says: "Let's go check it out!"
Teo and The Duke follow Haru. Aang tries to, but is cut off by Katara.
Katara says: "You guys go."
Katara says: "I think we need to talk about some things."
Teo says: "I'll race you, Duke."
The Duke says: "I told you, it's The Duke!"
The three head off. Cut to Katara and Aang.
Aang says: "Why can't I go?"
Katara says: "We need to decide what we're gonna do now, and since you're the Avatar, maybe you should be a part of this."
Aang says: "Fair enough."
Aang says: "So, what's the new plan?"
Sokka says: "Well, if you ask me, the new plan is the old plan!"
Sokka says: "You just need to master all four elements and confront the Fire Lord before the comet comes."
Aang says: "Oh, yeah."
Aang says: "That's great, no problem."
Aang says: "I'll just do that."
Katara says: "Aang, no one said it's going to be easy."
Aang says: "Well, it's not even gonna be possible!"
Aang says: "Where am I supposed to get a firebending teacher?"
Katara says: "We could look for Jeong Jeong!"
Aang says: "Like we'll ever run into Jeong Jeong again."
Toph says: "never mind."
Toph says: "If it's important I'll find out."
Aang says: "Oh well, guess we can't come up with anybody."
Aang says: "Why don't we just take a nice tour around the temple?"
Toph says: "What's up with him?"
Sokka says: "There's gotta be someone who can teach him firebending."
Katara and Toph look down dejectedly as the camera slowly pans up and fades to a smiling Zuko in a forested area with his tent.
Zuko says: "Hello..."
Zuko says: "I guess I'm just not that good at impersonations."
A badgerfrog jumps in front of him as he sits and croaks. Meanwhile, Aang is flying on his glider. Sokka, Katara, and Toph follow him on Appa.
Katara says: "Aang, can we talk about you learning firebending now?"
Aang says: "What?"
Aang says: "The wind is too loud in my ears!"
Aang says: "Check out this loop!"
Aang proceeds to do a loop.
Sokka says: "Aang, I think we should be making some plans about our future!"
Aang says: "Okay, we can do that while I show you the giant Pai Sho table!"
Aang says: "Oh, you're gonna love the all-day echo chamber!"
Toph says: "I think that'll have to wait."
Toph points behind herself, and the camera zooms out to show Team Avatar looking at her quizzically. Appa moves out of the way to reveal a shadow, and as the camera pans up, it is revealed to belong to Zuko. Cut to a close-up of the team as they look at him with shocked expressions, which subsequently turn into anger.
Zuko says: "Zuko here."
The gang prepares to attack.
Zuko says: "Hey, I heard you guys flying around down there, so, I just thought I'd wait for you here."
Zuko says: "I know you must be surprised to see me here."
Sokka says: "Not really, since you've followed us all over the world."
Zuko says: "Right."
Zuko says: "Well, uhhh..."
Zuko says: "anyway..."
Zuko says: "what I wanted to tell you about is that I've changed, and I, uhhh, I'm good now, and well I think I should join your group, oh, and I can teach firebending to you."
Zuko says: "See, I, uhhh..."
Toph says: "You want to what now?"
Katara says: "You can't possibly think that any of us would trust you, can you?"
Katara says: "I mean, how stupid do you think we are?!"
Katara says: "!"
Sokka says: "Yeah, all you've ever done is hunt us down and try to capture Aang!"
Zuko says: "I've done some good things!"
Zuko says: "I mean, I could have stolen your bison in Ba Sing Se, but I set him free."
Zuko says: "That's something!"
Toph says: "Appa  does seem to like him."
Sokka says: "He probably just covered himself in honey or something so that Appa would lick him."
Sokka says: "I'm not buying it."
Zuko says: "I can understand why you wouldn't trust me, and I know I've made some mistakes in the past."
Sokka says: "Like when you attacked our village?"
Katara says: "Or when you stole my mother's necklace and used it to track us down and capture us?"
Zuko says: "Look, I admit I've some awful things."
Zuko says: "I was wrong to try to capture you, and I'm sorry that I attacked the Water Tribe."
Zuko says: "And I never should have sent that Fire Nation assassin after you."
Sokka says: "Wait, you sent Combustion Man after us?"
Sokka says: "Ohhh, sorry."
Sokka says: "I didn't mean to insult your friend!"
Zuko says: "He's not my friend!"
Toph says: "That guy locked me and Katara in jail and tried to blow us all up!"
Zuko says: "Why aren't you saying anything?"
Zuko says: "You once said you thought we could be friends."
Zuko says: "You know I have good in me."
Aang turns to look at his friends, and Sokka shakes his head at Aang.
Aang says: "There's no way we can trust you after everything you've done."
Aang says: "We'll never let you join us."
Katara says: "You need to get out of here."
Katara says: "Now."
Zuko says: "I'm trying to explain that I'm not that person anymore!"
Sokka says: "Either you leave, or we attack."
Zuko says: "If you won't accept me as a friend, then maybe you'll take me as a prisoner."
Katara says: "No, we won't!"
Katara says: "Get out of here, and don't come back!"
Katara says: "And if we ever see you again, well, we'd better not see you again!"
Zuko walks away. Cut back to Zuko's campsite.
Zuko says: "Uggh!"
Zuko says: "I can't believe how stupid I am!"
Zuko says: "I mean, what was I thinking?"
Zuko says: "Telling them I sent an assassin after them?"
Zuko says: "Why didn't I just say Azula did that?"
Zuko says: "They would have believed that!"
Zuko says: "Stupid!"
Zuko says: "Uggh!"
Back at the air temple.
Katara says: "Why would he try to fool us like that?"
Sokka says: "Obviously he wants to lead us into some kind of trap."
Katara says: "This is just like when we were in prison together at Ba Sing Se."
Katara says: "He starts talking about his mother and making it seem like he's an actual human being with feelings."
Sokka says: "He wants you to trust and feel sorry for him so you let your guard down, then he strikes."
Katara says: "The thing is, it worked."
Katara says: "I did feel sorry for him."
Katara says: "I felt like he was really confused and hurt, but obviously, when the time came, he made his choice, and we paid the price."
Katara says: "We can't trust him."
Aang says: "I kind of have a confession to make."
Aang says: "Remember when you two were sick and I got captured by Zhao?"
Sokka says: "And you made us suck on frozen frogs?"
Sokka says: "How could I forget?"
Sokka says: "I had a wart on the flap that hangs down from the back of my throat for a month!"
Katara says: "Sokka, I looked at it, and I told you, there was nothing there!"
Sokka says: "I could feel it!"
Sokka says: "It's my throatal flap!"
Aang says: "Anyway, when Zhao had me chained up, it was Zuko who came in and got me out."
Aang says: "He risked his life to save me."
Katara says: "No way!"
Katara says: "I'm sure he only did it so he could capture you himself!"
Sokka says: "Yeah, face it Aang, you're nothing but a big prize to him."
Aang says: "You're probably right."
Katara says: "And what was all that crazy stuff about setting Appa free?"
Katara says: "What a liar!"
Toph says: "Actually, he wasn't lying."
Sokka says: "Oh, hooray!"
Sokka says: "In a lifetime of evil, at least he didn't add animal cruelty to the list."
Toph says: "I'm just saying that, considering his messed-up family and how he was raised, he could have turned out a lot worse."
Katara says: "You're right, Toph!"
Katara says: "Let's go find him and give him a medal."
Katara says: "The "not as much of a jerk as you could have been" award!"
Toph says: "All I know is that while he was talking to us, he was sincere."
Toph says: "Maybe you're all just letting your hurt feelings keep you from thinking clearly."
Katara says: "Easy for you to say!"
Katara says: "You weren't there when he had us attacked by pirates!"
Sokka says: "Or when he burned down Kyoshi Island!"
Aang says: "Or when he tried to capture me at the Fire Temple!"
Katara says: "Why would you even try to defend him?"
Aang says: "I'm not having Zuko as my teacher!"
Sokka says: "You're darn right you're not, buddy."
Katara says: "Well, I guess that settles that."
Toph says: "Ergh!"
Toph says: "I'm beginning to wonder who's really the blind one around here!"
Nightfall. Zuko's campsite. Zuko is asleep when he hears something.
Zuko says: "Who's there?"
Zuko says: "Stay back!"
Toph says: "It's me!"
Toph says: "Ow!"
Toph says: "You burned my feet!"
Zuko says: "I'm sorry, it was a mistake!"
Toph says: "Get away from me!"
Zuko says: "Let me help you!"
Toph says: "Get off me, get off me!"
Zuko says: "I didn't know it was you!"
Zuko says: "Uggh, come back!"
Zuko says: "Uggh!"
Zuko says: "Why am I so bad at being good?"
The next morning, Western Air Temple. Katara is serving everyone breakfast.
Katara says: "Has anyone seen Toph?"
Sokka says: "I haven't seen her since she stormed off yesterday."
Haru says: "Maybe she's just exploring the air temple."
Haru says: "There are some pretty fun spots to practice earthbending."
Katara says: "I think we should go look for her."
Sokka says: "Let her have fun with her rocks."
Sokka says: "I'm in no rush to have her yelling at us again."
The Duke says: "We can go check for her!"
Teo says: "Yeah!"
Teo says: "I want to ride that tunnel down to the Hall of Statues again."
Teo says: "It will work a lot better now that I fixed my brakes."
Haru, The Duke, and Teo exit.
A large rumble occurs. Toph falls down the pile of rock that she created from a wall.
Katara says: "Toph!"
Katara says: "What happened?"
Toph says: "My feet got burned!"
Katara says: "Oh no, what happened?"
Toph says: "I just told you, my feet got burned!"
Katara says: "I meant, how."
Toph says: "Well, I kind of went to see Zuko last night."
Aang says: "You what?"
Katara says: "Zuko?"
Sokka says: "Uhhh..."
Sokka says: "!"
Toph says: "I thought he could be helpful to us."
Toph says: "And if I talked to him, maybe we could work something out."
Sokka says: "So he attacked you?"
Toph says: "Well, he did, and he didn't."
Toph says: "It was sort of an accident."
Aang says: "But he did firebend at you?"
Toph says: "Yes."
Sokka says: "See?"
Sokka says: "You trusted Zuko, and you got burned."
Sokka says: "Literally!"
Katara says: "It's gonna take a while for your feet to get better."
Katara says: "I wish I could have worked on them sooner."
Toph says: "Yeah, me too."
Sokka says: "Zuko's clearly too dangerous to be left alone."
Sokka says: "We're gonna have to go after him."
Aang says: "I hate to go looking for a fight, but you're right."
Aang says: "After what he did to Toph, I don't think we have a choice."
Sokka says: "He's crafty, but we'll find a way to capture him."
Toph says: "Maybe just invite him back here."
Toph says: "He's already offered himself up as a prisoner once."
Sokka says: "Yeah, get him to come back and say he'll be our prisoner, then we'll jump him and really make him our prisoner."
Sokka says: "He'll never suspect it!"
Katara says: "You are a master of surprise, Sokka..."
Cut to Toph's feet as they are dipped into a fountain.
Toph says: "Ahhh, that's the stuff."
Toph says: "Now I know how the rest of you guys feel."
Toph says: "Not being able to see with your feet stinks."
Meanwhile, Combustion Man eyes the gang from a higher elevation. He sets his sights on Aang. As he prepares to fire, however, Zuko jumps in and knocks him off-balance, causing his shot to be wild. Team Avatar make to run away before hearing Zuko.
Zuko says: "Stop!"
Zuko says: "The mission is off."
Zuko says: "I'm ordering you to stop."
Combustion Man shoves him away and attacks again.
Zuko says: "If you keep attacking, I won't pay you!"
Zuko says: "All right, I'll pay you double to stop!"
Zuko kicks Combustion Man as he fires, causing him to miss again. He subsequently takes aim at Zuko. Zuko creates a firewall to stop the attack but is pushed off the ledge. Cut to a shot of Team Avatar looking over the edge of the fountain shocked. Cut to a shot from behind Combustion Man as he faces a small crater in the floor and the smoke that is dissipating. Cut to a shot of the edge of the ledge and strafe right, revealing climbing a vine hanging underneath it and Zuko survived by grabbing the plant's root. Cut to Combustion Man as he turns back. Cut to a close up of Aang as he stands up from behind the fountain pool and runs to the side. Cut to a shot of Aang doing a spinning back kick, airbending and kicking up the dust around him, and leaping straight up just as a blast from Combustion Man explodes beneath him. The camera turns up to Aang spinning in mid air, airbending a tornado and kicking it at Combustion Man. Combustion Man leaps over the tornado and fires another blast as he descends. Aang lands and quickly back flips away from the blast, landing next to Katara and Sokka. Cut to a shot of Combustion Man falling before switching to a shot of his metal, clawed hand as it catches on a small ledge and breaks it, slowing his fall. He lands on a new ledge and rolls, firing a blast just as he stops. Cut to a shot of Katara and Aang shielding themselves as the blast hits the fountain water. The camera follows Katara as she runs forward and bends the water from the pool. Cut to a far shot from the side as Katara bends a huge wave up between them and Combustion Man. Cut to a shot in front of the camera as she descends from jumping, bringing her arms down and crossing them and giving a battle cry. The wave matches her arm movements and icicles in both directions. Cut to a shot of Combustion Man as the icicles speed toward him. He brings his metal arm over his face and lifts his metal leg to shield him from the attack. The icicles break against him. Combustion Man flings his arms down to shake off the ice shards and steps forward, an angry frown on his face. Cut to his perspective as he scans the area. The group is nowhere to be seen. Aang fires a tornado, which the assassin jumps over and fires again. Aang narrowly avoids the blast by jumping back. Combustion man falls and lands on a ledge as he fires and misses again. Katara bends water from the fountain and turns it into ice spikes, but Combustion Man appears unaffected. The assassin looks up and realizes they have disappeared but continues firing. Cut to shot of the team hiding behind a wall, out of sight.
Toph says: "He's going to blast this whole place right off the cliff side!"
Katara looks out from behind the wall only to see another incoming blast.
Katara says: "I can't step out to waterbend at him without being blown up and I can't get a good enough angle on him from down here."
The boomerang hits the assassin in the head where his third eye tattoo is, causing him to hit the ground, before it returns back.
Sokka says: "Yeah, boomerang!"
Sokka says: "Awww, boomerang..."
As the team runs back to their hiding spot, Combustion Man gears up again, but is dizzy and cannot aim properly. His next shot fails to escape, causing an explosion around him resulting in the building he stands on getting destroyed. Cut to his metal arm as it flies away from the explosion, followed by the falling building. The gang looks on, shocked. Haru, Teo, and The Duke all appear from behind a pillar also shocked.
Zuko climbs a plant root, having survived the ordeal. Later, Zuko again approaches the gang.
Aang says: "I can't believe I'm saying this, but..."
Aang says: "thanks, Zuko."
Sokka says: "Hey, what about me?"
Sokka says: "I did the boomerang thing."
Zuko says: "Listen, I know I didn't explain myself very well yesterday, I've been through a lot in the last few years, and it's been hard."
Zuko says: "But I'm realizing that I had to go through all those things to learn the truth."
Zuko says: "I thought I had lost my honor, and that somehow my father could return it to me."
Zuko says: "But I know now that no one can give you your honor."
Zuko says: "It's something you earn for yourself, by choosing to do what's right."
Zuko says: "All I want to do now is play my part in ending this war, and I know my destiny is to help you restore balance to the world."
Zuko says: "It was an accident."
Zuko says: "Fire can be dangerous and wild, so as a firebender, I need to be more careful and control my bending, so I don't hurt people unintentionally."
Zuko says: "Thank you."
Zuko says: "I'm so happy you've accepted me into your group."
Aang says: "Not so fast."
Aang says: "I still have to ask my friends if it's okay with them."
Aang says: "Toph, you're the one that Zuko burned."
Aang says: "What do you think?"
Toph says: "Go ahead and let him join."
Toph says: "It'll give me plenty of time to get back at him for burning my feet."
Aang says: "Sokka?"
Sokka says: "Hey, all I want is to defeat the Fire Lord."
Sokka says: "If you think this is the way to do it, then, I'm all for it."
Aang says: "Katara?"
Zuko says: "I won't let you down!"
Zuko says: "I promise!"
Aang, Katara, and Sokka exit, the latter carrying Toph. Later, Sokka shows Zuko to his room.
Sokka says: "So, here you go, home sweet home, I guess, you know, for now."
Sokka says: "Unpack?"
Sokka says: "Lunch, soon?"
Sokka says: "Uhhh..."
Sokka says: "welcome aboard?"
Sokka says: "Okay, this is really, really weird."
The two exit. Cut to Zuko as he pulls out a painting of Iroh. He subsequently has another flashback to three years ago.
Zuko says: "If I have to, I will spend every day of the rest of my life hunting the Avatar."
Zuko says: "I know it's my destiny to capture him."
Iroh says: "You know Prince Zuko, destiny is a funny thing."
Iroh says: "You never know how things are going to work out."
Iroh says: "But if you keep an open mind, and an open heart, I promise you will find your own destiny someday."
Fade to Zuko in the present, smiling at the memory. Zuko suddenly notices a clearly disgruntled Katara at the door.
Katara says: "You might have everyone else here buying your..."
Katara says: "transformation, but you and I both know you've struggled with doing the right thing in the past."
Katara says: "Because I'll make sure your destiny ends..."
Katara says: "right then and there."
Katara says: "Permanently."
She walks away and slams the door shut. Zuko slumps his shoulders.
Fade to credits.