The episode starts in the Black Cliffs, with the scene cutting to a shot of three maps lying splayed out on the ground. Cut to Sokka who ponders over the maps intensely. He closes his eyes and rubs his forehead, seemingly confused. Two gloved hands suddenly appear, one holding a cup and the other moving Sokka's hand aside from his forehead to hand him the cup. The hand comes to rest on his shoulders comfortingly. Cut to zoomed out shot of Sokka sitting by a cliff-edge, the maps laid out before him. Katara is kneeling right beside him, having been the one to hand him the cup. Toph can be seen in the background, sitting idly on a rock. Aang suddenly appears on-screen, leaping into the air and landing beside Toph.
Aang says: "Top of the morning, Momo!"
Katara says: "Sounds like you slept well."
Aang says: "I'm ready to face the Fire Lord."
Toph says: "So, what's your strategy for taking him down?"
Toph says: "hit him with a little Avatar State action?"
Toph says: "You know what I just heard?"
Katara says: "Sokka, do you think the fog will delay the invasion?"
Sokka says: "That is the invasion!"
Cut to shot of Hakoda standing on the deck of one ship, peering through a telescope; Bato stands in the background. Hakoda lowers the telescope and smiles confidently. Scene fades to shot of the shoreline where Aang and Toph stand in the background by the water. They utilize earthbending to raise rock from beneath the water and form a dock. Cut to overhead shot of the Black Cliffs to show four Water Tribe ships already docked. The last Water Tribe ship is seen coming into port. Cut to closer shot of one ship by the dock, Hakoda standing nearby. Katara and Sokka run over to him.
Katara says: "You made it, Dad!"
Sokka says: "Were you able to locate everyone I told you to find?"
Hakoda says: "I did."
Cut to frontal shot of Tho and Due as they descend the wooden ramp from the ship.
Due says: "What you reckon that is, Tho?"
Due says: "Some sort of Fire Nation exploding trap what eat ya?"
Tho says: "It's just a rock, Due."
Hakoda says: "Is it just me, or are those fellas a little loose in the leaf-hat?"
Bato says: "I just wish they would wear pants."
Huu says: "Pants are an illusion, and so is death."
Cut to shot of the Hakoda, Katara, and Bato appearing less than reassured; Sokka, on the other hand, grins widely. Scene fades to far shot of Katara, Aang, Toph, and several Foggy Swamp members clustered by the shore, talking among themselves. A pair of legs appears on screen, boasting Earth Kingdom clothing. A voice speaks.
Katara says: "It's so good to see you!"
Aang says: "Toph, this is Haru."
Aang says: "When we met him, his town was controlled by the Fire Nation."
Aang says: "So he had to hide his earthbending."
Tyro says: "Now we're here to help you."
Toph suddenly senses someone on her left. She angrily turns and takes a fighting stance.
Toph says: "No way!"
She is lifted off the ground by two big arms. The camera shows that the arms actually belong to the Big Bad Hippo, a former competitor at Earth Rumble VI. He is joined by the Boulder, another former competitor. The Hippo hugs Toph.
Big Bad Hippo says: "Hippo happy to see Blind Bandit!"
Toph says: "You guys here for a rematch?"
The Boulder says: "Negatory."
The Boulder says: "The Boulder and The Hippo no longer fight for others' entertainment."
The Boulder says: "Now, we fight for our kingdom!"
Toph says: "Sweet."
The camera cuts to Sokka, while The Hippo puts Toph down. He turns to his dad. Suddenly, a bomb explodes on a boat, making Sokka, Hakoda, and Aang run toward it. The mechanist appears from below deck, coughing. Teo leaves the boat, followed immediately by his father, and Pipsqueak carrying The Duke on his shoulder.
Sokka says: "Was that a new invention?"
Mechanist says: "Yes, but unfortunately the incendiary capabilities of peanut sauce prove to be a failure."
Sokka says: "You're making peanut sauce bombs?"
Pipsqueak says: "They're destructive."
The Duke says: "And delicious."
Sokka says: "Where you able to complete work on the plans I send you?"
Mechanist says: "Yes, I was, and I think the Fire Nation will be quite surprised."
Teo says: "Aang, my dad and I made this for you."
Hands a staff to Aang. Aang taps it on the ground and it opens, revealing a brand new glider.
Aang says: "A new glider!"
Aang says: "This is amazing!"
Mechanist says: "And as a special feature, I added the snack compartment."
Aang says: "Oh..."
Aang says: "well, I'm sure that will come in handy."
The scene cuts to the Fire Nation prison where Iroh was sent to.
Warden Poon says: "I bet you're tired of being in this cell old man."
Warden Poon says: "Well too bad."
Warden Poon says: "You're never stepping outside these walls again."
Ming says: "Breakfast."
Ming says: "I snuck in some white jade tea."
Ming says: "I know you like rare teas."
Iroh says: "Thank you, Ming."
Iroh says: "Ever since I was put in here, you have been very kind to me."
The scene cuts to show a very nervous Sokka standing on a podium with his father says: "Hakoda: Don't worry, you'll do great."
Team Avatar says: "Hakoda: Don't worry, you'll do great."
Sokka says: "Good morning everyone."
Sokka says: "Ahh!"
Sokka says: "who's a Kyoshi warrior."
Sokka says: "She dressed me like a woman and then she kissed me, and then Aang's friend was a crazy old king and..."
Sokka says: "..."
Sokka says: "And then Katara got Haru arrested and then now he's grown a mustache which if you look at him in the front row you can see it..."
Hakoda says: "The Great Gates of Azulon."
Hakoda says: "Next, we hit the land, and we hit hard."
Hakoda says: "We must fight past their battlements and secure the plaza tower."
Hakoda says: "Once we do that, it's up to the Royal Palace."
Hakoda says: "At that point, the eclipse will begin."
The Boulder says: "Excuse me."
The Boulder says: "The Boulder is confused."
The Boulder says: "Isn't the point to invade during the eclipse, when the firebenders are powerless?"
Hakoda says: "The eclipse only lasts eight minutes, not enough time for the whole invasion."
Hakoda says: "And the Royal Palace is heavily guarded by firebenders."
Hakoda says: "So that's where we'll need the eclipse's advantage the most."
Hakoda says: "When this is finished, the Avatar will have defeated the Fire Lord."
Hakoda says: "We will have control of the Fire Nation capital, and this war will be over!"
The entire crowd cheers, and Sokka looks dismayed.
The scene cuts to show the team preparing for the upcoming battle. Katara is bending four streams of water into water skins, Toph is putting on her Blind Bandit battle armor, Hakoda is putting on a black Water Tribe helmet, Appa is shown fully dressed in his armor which Sokka made, and Aang is shaving his head to show his Air Nomad tattoos. He is joined by a koala sheep. The scene cuts again to the Fire Nation Palace. Zuko takes off his head piece and armor, revealing the clothes underneath it and letting his hair hang down. He sits and starts to write a letter. The camera cuts once again to show Sokka, still dismayed, standing on the cliff side and Aang flying up to him.
Aang says: "We've been looking everywhere for you."
Aang says: "The boats are ready to leave."
Sokka says: "I messed up, Aang."
Aang says: "What?"
Sokka says: "The invasion plan was my moment of truth and I completely flubbed it."
Sokka says: "I just fell apart."
Aang says: "Sokka, that speech wasn't your moment of truth."
Aang says: "That was just public speaking, and nobody's really good at that."
Sokka says: "My dad is!"
Sokka says: "He explained the plan perfectly and inspired everyone, like a real leader should."
Aang says: "Look, your moment of truth isn't gonna be in front of some map; it's gonna be out there on the battlefield."
Sokka says: "You seem so confident about everything, how do you know we're gonna win?"
Aang says: "Because I already failed the world once at Ba Sing Se."
Aang says: "I won't let myself fail again."
Camera cuts to show the fleet of ships traveling across the sea. Cut to a view through a Bato's telescope.
Hakoda says: "There they are, the Great Gates of Azulon."
Katara says: "I don't see any gates."
Cut to Katara and Hakoda's boat.
Hakoda says: "Katara, you and the swamp benders whip up a fog cover."
Tho says: "We'll sneak by them statues just like we sneak by that Fire Navy blockade!"
Cut to show Katara, Due, and other swamp benders waterbending a thick fog cover.
Hakoda says: "Keep it up, we're almost through!"
Suddenly a bell rings as a huge net rises out of the water says: "Hakoda: Everyone below deck!"
is set on fire. Sokka says: "Hakoda: Everyone below deck!"
the others are shocked to see patrol boats racing toward them says: "Hakoda: Everyone below deck!"
Suddenly a bell rings as a huge net rises out of the water says: "Let's hope your invention works."
is set on fire. Sokka says: "Let's hope your invention works."
the others are shocked to see patrol boats racing toward them says: "Let's hope your invention works."
Camera shows several Fire Nation soldiers climbing onto the boats. They are shown to search the boats thoroughly, but find no one.
Male Fire Nation soldier says: "No one's on board, sir."
Female Fire Nation soldier says: "Where'd they go?"
Several submarines are shown traveling beneath the gates. Inside, waterbenders are moving the subs. Cut inside a sub as the mechanist is sitting at the front. Hakoda, Sokka, Pipsqueak, and Bato are standing behind him.
Hakoda says: "You've really outdone yourself this time, son."
Cut to Toph, who is sitting on the floor behind them with the Duke. She is getting seasick.
The Duke says: "Helmet?"
Toph accepts his offer and vomits into the helmet. The Duke just places his hand on Toph's back, trying to comfort her.
Sokka says: "Well, I just came up with the idea."
Sokka says: "The mechanist did all the work."
Mechanist says: "Now don't sell yourself short, my boy."
Mechanist says: "The subs have a limited air supply."
Mechanist says: "Before we land on the beaches, we'll need to resurface."
The scene cuts to show Ming coming back into Iroh's cell.
Ming says: "Lunchtime, General Iroh."
Ming says: "And this time, I brought you an extra bowl of rice."
Iroh says: "Thank you, Ming."
Iroh says: "Your little gestures of kindness have made my days in prison bearable."
Iroh says: "I think you should take the rest of the day off."
Ming says: "What?"
Iroh says: "You don't look well."
Iroh says: "Maybe you should go home and rest."
Ming says: "No, I feel fine."
Iroh says: "Trust me."
Iroh says: "It is better that you are not here this afternoon."
Ming nods, indicating that she understands. She gets up and walks out. The scene cuts to show the fleet of submarines surfaced on the water. The Duke is dipping his helmet into the water, trying to wash out Toph's vomit. Everyone is stretching as Aang lands on the submarine from Appa.
Aang says: "So, this is it huh?"
Sokka says: "Are you ready for the Fire Nation to know the Avatar is alive?"
Aang says: "I'm ready."
Toph says: "I hope you kick some serious Fire Lord butt, Twinkle Toes."
Hakoda says: "Everyone listen up."
Aang says: "Katara, I..."
Katara says: "Aang, I..."
Aang says: "You go first."
Katara says: "We've been through so many things together, and I've seen you grow up so much."
Katara says: "You're not that little goofy kid I found in the iceberg anymore."
Katara says: "I guess what I'm trying to say is, I'm really proud of you."
Aang says: "Everything's gonna be different after today, isn't it."
Katara says: "Yes, it is."
Aang says: "What if..."
Aang says: "what if I don't come back?"
Sokka says: "Katara, what are you doing?"
Sokka says: "It's time to submerge."
Katara says: "What?"
Katara says: "Right, I'm on it."
The scene cuts to show Zuko walking into Mai's room. He looks at a painting of them and becomes downcast.
Zuko says: "I'm sorry Mai."
He leaves a note on her bed and leaves. The scene cuts to show Aang flying over land. His stomach growls, and he rotates the handle of his glider to release food.
Aang says: "What do you know?"
Aang says: "It did come in handy."
The scene cuts to show the submarine fleet approaching land. The other end of a periscope emerges above water, looking around. Cut to inside the sub, Hakoda manning the periscope. Realizing where they are he turns around to address the earthbenders.
Hakoda says: "Everyone in position."
Hakoda says: "Earthbenders, into your tanks."
Hakoda says: "This is gonna be a rough ride."
Toph and other earthbenders climb down a ladder in the sub and get ready. Cut to an overview of the Fire Nation port. An alarm goes off as the subs approach the gate. Several harpoons are launched at the subs, but most miss. One hits, causing a leak which is quickly sealed by a foggy swamp waterbender turning the water to ice, and pulls the attached sub out of the water. Katara quickly responds by piloting Appa out of the water and using waterbending to slice through the chain, dropping the sub back down.
Hakoda says: "Ready the torpedo."
Hakoda says: "Launch!"
Huu launches the torpedo with waterbending. Cut outside as six torpedoes make holes in the underwater barrier, making it possible for the subs to pass through.
The scene cuts to show Toph, the Boulder, and other earthbenders standing in a metal tank. Cut to Water Tribe warriors and foggy swamp waterbenders with Sokka among them, he lets out a sigh. Cut to the subs rising from the water, being instantly attacked by missiles. The subs open and several tanks exit while the other soldiers yell and charge out. The battle commences as they make their way inland, destroying battlements as they go. Earthbenders use rocks provided by a truck containing many rocks. Appa arrives and Katara jumps off as Fire Nation tanks appear. Teo is seen inside an earthbender tank before it destroys a battlement by crushing it. Another tank lifts its front up to slam down and crush a Fire Nation tank. More Fire Nation tanks arrive as the army pushes on. The swamp benders use water provided to destroy enemy tanks.
Tho says: "We're a man down."
Tho says: "Where in tarnation is Huu?"
Suddenly a large seaweed monster is shown coming out of the water and destroys several enemy tanks, throwing one into a battlement on the ledge above.
Huu says: "Communin' with nature."
Huu says: "Takes a while to collect this much seaweed."
Several Fire Nation soldiers on rhinos appear shooting fireballs at a group of Water Tribe warriors. They charge, and Sokka quickly disarms one of the riders and steals his rhino.
Sokka says: "Dad, look out!"
Hakoda grunts as he turns and deflects a fireball with his shield. He turns back to disarm a soldier and quickly defeats others before jumping on the rhino to join Sokka. The vehicle full of rocks for earthbenders is destroyed. Huu, inside the seaweed, is shown destroying more tanks. An earthbender tank is destroyed by a battlement above. Cut to Hakoda and Sokka who saw this happen.
Hakoda says: "Sokka, we've gotta take out those battlements!"
Hakoda says: "It's our only chance."
Sokka says: "I've got an idea."
Sokka, Hakoda, and Katara are shown riding a fully armored Appa. Sokka draws his sword and slices the end of a missile launcher off. As they fly past another, Hakoda throws two bombs inside the battlement. Cut to two soldiers running out as it explodes. Cut back to Appa as Katara breaks two barrels of water attached to either side of Appa as it forms around her arms. They fly past another battlement she freezes the soldier and launcher inside. Appa lands between two still operational battlements. The three jump off Appa.
Hakoda says: "You two take out that battlement."
Katara says: "Dad?"
Sokka says: "Dad!"
The camera cuts again to show Zuko kneeling at a painting of his mother.
Zuko says: "I know I've made some bad choices, but today, I'm gonna set things right."
The scene cuts to show Appa landing on the edge of the battlefield. Sokka and Katara help Hakoda onto the ground, and Katara starts trying to heal him.
Katara says: "How does that feel, dad?"
Hakoda says: "Ah, a little, better."
Hakoda says: "I need, to get back to the troops."
Hakoda says: "Ahh!"
Katara says: "You're hurt, badly."
Katara says: "You can't fight anymore."
Hakoda says: "Everyone's counting on me to lead this mission Katara, I won't let them down."
Hakoda says: "Ahh!"
Sokka says: "Can't you heal him any faster?"
Katara says: "I'm doing everything I can."
Sokka says: "I'll do it."
Katara says: "No offense Sokka, but you're not exactly Mr."
Katara says: "Healing Hands."
Sokka says: "No."
Sokka says: "I'll lead the invasion force."
Katara says: "Don't be crazy Sokka."
Sokka says: "Maybe I am a little crazy, but the eclipse is about to start and we need to be up that volcano by the time it does."
Hakoda says: "You can do this."
Hakoda says: "I'm proud of you son."
Katara says: "I still think you're crazy, but I'm proud of you too."
Sokka says: "Yip yip."
Appa flies away as the scene cuts to show the battlefield, a mess of Fire Nation tanks destroyed everywhere. Several raised battlements fire on the army below. Appa lands and takes out an enemy tank as Sokka makes his way to the back of the saddle to rally the soldiers.
Sokka says: "Listen up, everyone."
Sokka says: "I want the tanks in wedge formation."
Sokka says: "Warriors and benders in the middle."
Sokka says: "We're taking that tower, and heading for the royal palace."
Sokka says: "Charge!"
The scene cuts to show Aang standing on the edge of the volcano. He glides down to a building attempting to hide. He rises, confused, as there is nobody there.
Aang says: "Hello?"
Aang says: "Anyone home?"
The scene cuts to the tanks, which are making their way up the volcano, unaffected by fire blasts from firebenders in front. Cut to Sokka steering a vehicle full of explosives into a wall before jumping off. Cut to an aerial view showing two explosions at the inner walls. Cut to Sokka, soldiers behind him, as they charge forward. Firebenders attempt to stop them but are pushed back. Cut to Tyro running in with the other troops as Bato appears behind him.
Tyro says: "The Fire Nation is falling back!"
Bato says: "Sokka, we're on our way to victory!"
Sokka looks ahead as the camera cuts to show Aang airbending his way into an empty, darkened throne room.
Aang says: "No."
Aang says: "No, no, no!"
Aang says: "Fire Lord Ozai, where are you!"
Aang says: "?"
Scene fades to credits.