The episode opens to show a gray sky as the camera moves back and down toward the Southern Air Temple where Aang is caught in a dream. In it, he is running about the Southern Air Temple. He comes across the room where he had found Monk Gyatso's skeleton in real life and instead sees his own self in the Avatar State. The personage of himself turns to glare at him angrily. Camera cuts to a terrified Aang, wind blowing past him. Cuts to a view of Sokka and Katara huddled behind a rock, watching the Avatar State Aang as he sends a forceful gust of wind that blows the real Aang back. He falls into the room in the Fire Temple he had visited to speak to Roku. The doors to the room open and reveal the personage of Aang in the Avatar State, who breathes fire and splits the floor in half. The real Aang falls through and lands on a Fire Navy ship in the Northern seas. The monstrous koi fish, called Koizilla, created when he and La had fused together during the Siege of the North appears before him, the personage of him inside. The Kozilla makes a downward cutting motion, and the personage does the same before a blinding white appears and the dream ends. Aang awakes from it and leaves the room where the gang is sleeping, exiting through a stairway. Katara awakens and catches sight of him leaving.
Katara says: "Aang..."
The camera cuts to a shot of Aang standing by the ledge of the Water Tribe ship on which they are sailing. Katara approaches him.
Katara says: "Do you want to talk about it?"
Aang says: "Nah, just a nightmare."
Aang says: "I was in the Avatar State, but I was outside my body watching myself."
Aang says: "It was scary."
Aang says: "I was scary."
The scene changes to daybreak. Pakku is on the ship with two Water Tribe members and the gang.
Pakku says: "This amulet contains water from the Spirit Oasis."
Pakku says: "The water has unique properties."
Pakku says: "Don't lose it."
Katara says: "Thank you, Master Pakku."
Pakku says: "Fly straight to the Earth Kingdom base to the east of here."
Pakku says: "General Fong will provide you with an escort to Omashu."
Pakku says: "There, you will be safe to begin your earthbending training with King Bumi."
Aang says: "Appa, yip yip!"
Katara says: "Say hi to Gran-Gran for me!"
Scene switches to a village. Iroh is lying on a table, getting a relaxing massage at a resort.
Iroh says: "This is what I've been missing."
Iroh says: "Who knew floating on a piece of driftwood for three weeks with no food or water, and sea vultures waiting to pluck out your liver could make one so tense?"
Iroh says: "I see."
Iroh says: "It's the anniversary, isn't it?"
Iroh says: "I'm sure he doesn't."
Iroh says: "Why would he banish you if he didn't care?"
The scene switches to a Fire Nation ship. Several men bow as a royal carriage is brought out. Within the carriage is Princess Azula, the daughter of Ozai, niece of Iroh, and sister of Zuko.
Azula says: "My brother and my uncle have disgraced the Fire Lord, and have brought shame on all of us."
Azula says: "You might have mixed feelings about attacking members of the Royal Family."
Azula says: "I understand."
Azula says: "But I assure you, if you hesitate, I will not hesitate to bring you down."
Azula says: "Dismissed."
The soldiers leave. The captain runs up to Azula.
Captain says: "Princess, I'm afraid the tides will not allow us to bring the ship into port before nightfall."
Azula says: "I'm sorry, captain, but I do not know much about the tides."
Azula says: "Could you explain something to me?"
Captain says: "Of course, Your Highness."
Azula says: "Do the tides command this ship?"
Captain says: "I'm afraid I don't understand."
Azula says: "You said the tides would not allow us to bring the ship in."
Azula says: "Do the tides command this ship?"
Captain says: "No, princess."
Azula says: "And if I were to have you thrown overboard, would the tides think twice about smashing you against the rocky shore?"
Captain says: "No, princess."
Captain says: "I'll pull us in."
He leaves. Cuts to a close-up of Azula, who glares and narrows her eyes in suspicion. The scene switches to the team flying on Appa.
Sokka says: "There it is!"
The gang arrives at General Fong's base, where he and his soldiers are waiting.
Fong says: "Welcome, Avatar Aang!"
Fong says: "I am General Fong, and welcome, to all of you great heroes!"
Fong says: "Appa, Momo, brave Sokka, the mighty Katara..."
Katara says: "Mighty Katara?"
Katara says: "I like that."
Fireworks go off, launched by the soldiers using earthbending.
Sokka says: "Not bad, not bad."
The scene cuts to inside the base, where General Fong and the team are sitting in a spacious discussion room.
Fong says: "I can't imagine what it feels like to wield such devastating power."
Fong says: "It's an awesome responsibility."
Aang says: "I try not to think about it too much."
Fong says: "Avatar, you're ready to face the Fire Lord now."
Aang says: "What?"
Aang says: "No I'm not!"
Katara says: "Aang still needs to master all four elements."
Fong says: "Why?"
Fong says: "With the kind of power he possesses, power enough to destroy hundreds of battle ships in a matter of minutes, he could defeat the Fire Lord now!"
Sokka says: "But sir, the thing is, Aang can only do those things when he's in the Avatar State."
Fong says: "But with you leading the way, as the ultimate weapon, we could cut a swath right through to the heart of the Fire Nation."
Aang says: "Right, but, I don't know how to get in or out of the Avatar State, much less what to do once I'm there."
Fong says: "So, it's decided then."
Fong says: "I'll help you figure out how to get into the Avatar State and then you'll face your destiny."
Katara says: "No, nothing's decided."
Katara says: "We already have a plan."
Katara says: "Aang's pursuing his destiny his way."
Fong says: "Well, while you take your time learning the elements, the War goes on."
Fong says: "May I show you something?"
Fong says: "They came back."
Fong says: "Every day, the Fire Nation takes lives."
Fong says: "People are dying, Aang!"
Fong says: "You could end it, now."
Fong says: "Think about it."
Aang averts his eyes to the side, looking unsure. The scene changes to Azula's ship, where she is training. She stands perfectly straight, holding her fingers in her hand. The camera cuts to where Lo and Li are sitting, overseeing her training. Cuts to shot of Azula, as she moves her arms in a circular motion, generating lightning and firing the bolt into the sky.
Lo says: "Almost perfect."
Li says: "One hair out of place."
Azula says: "Almost isn't good enough!"
She repeats her actions, generating lightning again and firing it off into the distance. Cuts to a shot of Iroh, who suddenly awakens from a nap, sits up and peers in curiosity. The scene changes to nightfall at Fong's base.
Aang says: "General Fong?"
Fong says: "Come in, Aang."
Fong says: "Have you thought about our discussion?"
Aang says: "I'm in."
Aang says: "I'll fight the Fire Lord."
The scene changes to where Aang has entered a room with several plain beds, where the team is resting for the night.
Aang says: "I told the general I'd help him, by going into the Avatar State."
Katara says: "Aang, no!"
Katara says: "This is not the right way!"
Sokka says: "He was incredible!"
Katara says: "There's a right way to do this."
Katara says: "Practice, study, and discipline!"
Sokka says: "Or just glow it up and stop that Fire Lord!"
Aang says: "Katara, I'm just being realistic!"
Aang says: "I don't have time to do this the right way!"
Aang casts a mournful look. The scene changes to the next day where Fong, the team, and another soldier are sitting in an outdoor room. The soldier is pouring tea in a cup.
Soldier says: "This rare chi-enhancing tea is a natural stimulant."
Soldier says: "In an ordinary warrior, it improves strength and energy ten-fold."
Soldier says: "In you, it may induce the Avatar State."
Aang says: "Ten-fold energy, huh?"
Aang drinks the tea, causing his eyebrows to twitch slightly. The camera pans downward to the same scene where Aang is riding rapidly on an air scooter, hyper from the energy boost.
Aang says: "Is it working?"
Aang says: "Is it working?"
Aang says: "I can't tell!"
Aang says: "Somebody tell me if I'm in the Avatar State 'cause I don't have a good view of myself!"
Aang says: "Am I talking too loud?"
Sokka says: "I guess he could talk the Fire Lord to death."
Aang hits a pillar and falls backward. The scene switches to where Aang is sitting on the ground, Sokka standing a few feet away.
Sokka says: "Maybe I can shock you into the Avatar State."
Aang says: "I love surprises!"
Camera cuts to view from Aang's perspective, Katara covering his eye with her hands. She uncovers his eyes to reveal Sokka towering over Aang, his head instead replaced with Momo's, who screeches. Aang screams and glances at his arrow tattoos.
Aang says: "Still not glowing."
Cuts to view of the entire team as Sokka steps backward, loses his balance and falls to the ground off camera. Fong shakes his head in dismay. The scene changes to a dimly lit room where Aang is standing, wearing an outfit consisting of a Water Tribe cloak, an Earth Kingdom hat with leaves coming out of the top, part of a Fire Nation soldier outfit and what appears to be a belt.
Oracle says: "You are wearing a ceremonial piece of clothing from each of the bending nations."
Oracle says: "Now I will join the four elements into one!"
Oracle says: "Water  Four elements together as one!"
The oracle raises the bowl and flings the contents at Aang, coating him in mud.
Aang says: "This is just mud!"
Oracle says: "So..."
Oracle says: "do you feel anything?"
Aang raises his finger, catching everyone's interest, only to sneeze, causing mud to fly everywhere, coating Fong, Katara, and Sokka.
Fong says: "We have to find a way."
The scene changes to Zuko and Iroh's place of stay, the room dark inside. Several various shells fall from a bag onto the table. The camera pans up to where Iroh is standing at the table, picking up and examining the different shells.
Iroh says: "I'll enjoy these keepsakes for years to come."
Zuko says: "We don't need any more useless things!"
Zuko says: "You forget, we have to carry everything ourselves now!"
Azula says: "Hello, brother."
Azula says: "Uncle."
Zuko says: "What are you doing here?"
Azula says: "Have you become uncivilized so soon, Zuzu?"
Zuko says: "Don't call me that!"
Iroh says: "To what do we owe this honor?"
Azula says: "Hmmm..."
Azula says: "must be a family trait."
Azula says: "Both of you so quick to get to the point."
Azula says: "Did you hear me?"
Azula says: "You should be happy."
Azula says: "Excited."
Azula says: "Grateful."
Azula says: "I just gave you great news."
Iroh says: "I'm sure your brother simply needs a moment."
Azula says: "I'm not a messenger."
Azula says: "I didn't have to come all this way."
Zuko says: "Father regrets?"
Zuko says: "He..."
Zuko says: "wants me back?"
Azula says: "I can see you need time to take this in."
Azula says: "I'll come to call on you tomorrow."
Azula says: "Good evening."
She exits, leaving Zuko to ponder what has just been said. Meanwhile, at Fong's base, Aang and Katara stand on a balcony, the sun setting over the horizon.
Katara says: "Can we talk about something?"
Aang says: "Sure."
Katara says: "I'm not saying the Avatar State doesn't have incredible and helpful power..."
Katara says: "but you have to understand..."
Katara says: "for the people who love you, watching you be in that much rage and pain is really scary."
Aang says: "I'm really glad you told me that."
Aang says: "But I still need to do this."
Katara says: "I don't understand."
Aang says: "No, you don't."
Aang says: "Every day, more and more people die."
Aang says: "I'm already one hundred years late."
Aang says: "Defeating the Fire Lord is the only way to stop this war."
Aang says: "I have to try it!"
Katara says: "Good night."
Aang says: "Good night."
The scene changes to nightfall at Zuko and Iroh's house. Cuts to inside the house.
Zuko says: "We're going home!"
Zuko says: "After three long years, it's unbelievable!"
Iroh says: "It is unbelievable."
Iroh says: "I have never known my brother to regret anything."
Zuko says: "Did you listen to Azula?"
Zuko says: "Father's realized how important family is to him!"
Zuko says: "He cares about me!"
Iroh says: "I care about you!"
Iroh says: "And if Ozai wants you back, well, I think it may not be for the reasons you imagine."
Zuko says: "You don't know how my father feels about me."
Zuko says: "You don't know anything!"
Iroh says: "Zuko, I only meant that in our family, things are not always what they seem."
Zuko says: "I think you are exactly what you seem!"
Zuko says: "A lazy, mistrustful, shallow old man who's always been jealous of his brother!"
Zuko walks away, leaving Iroh saddened. Meanwhile, Aang is caught in another dream. The dream takes place in the Southern seas on Zuko's ship, where the Avatar State Aang rises from the water, riding a water vortex, similar to the way Aang did in the beginning of the series. The personage lands on deck and sweeps away the real Aang with waterbending. The personage turns to Zuko and performs the same downward, cutting motion as seen in previous dreams before the dream abruptly ends and Aang awakens.
Aang says: "Sokka!"
Aang says: "Sokka, wake up."
Sokka says: "Huh?"
Aang says: "I don't think we should be trying to bring on the Avatar State."
Sokka says: "You sure?"
Aang says: "Yes."
Sokka says: "Okay."
Aang says: "Do you think the general will be mad?"
Sokka says: "What can he say?"
Sokka says: "You're the Avatar."
Sokka says: "Who knows better than you?"
Aang lies back on his bed, resting his head on his arms. The next morning, we cut back to Zuko, who is getting ready to return home. He descends a stone staircase, carrying his bags.
Iroh says: "Wait!"
Iroh says: "Don't leave without me!"
Zuko says: "Uncle!"
Zuko says: "You've changed your mind!"
Iroh says: "Family sticks together, right?"
The scene flashes back to a shot of Zuko's father, Ozai, resting his hand on his son's shoulder years ago. Flashes back to present day.
Zuko says: "We're finally going home!"
He resumes his descent. The camera closes up on Azula's ship sitting in the harbor. Closes up to Iroh, looking on with suspicion. The scene switches to the discussion room in Fong's base.
Aang says: "The thing is, I don't think we'll ever be able to trigger it on purpose."
Aang says: "So I guess that's it."
Fong says: "You sure I can't change your mind?"
Aang says: "I'm sure."
Aang says: "I can only reach the Avatar State when I'm in genuine danger."
Fong says: "I see."
Fong says: "I was afraid you'd say that."
He blasts his entire desk at Aang using earthbending, sending him soaring across the room.
Sokka says: "Aang!"
The impact sends Aang crashing through the wall and flying out of the building. He breaks his fall with airbending.
Fong says: "Men!"
Fong says: "Attack the Avatar!"
The scene cuts to a shot of Aang being surrounded by several earthbending soldiers, some riding on ostrich horses. Fong jumps out of the building and hits the ground, sending a rock wave at Aang which sends him back further.
Aang says: "What are you doing?"
Fong says: "I believe we're about to get results."
The camera focuses on soldiers, who prepare to fire large earth coins at Aang using earthbending. Cuts to a shot of Aang, looking nervously about him. The camera zooms out to a shot of him and his attackers before switching to a soldier, who sends an earth coin at him. Aang avoids two oncoming coins and soars in the air parallel to the ground between two more coins that are thrown at him. He lands safely to the ground.
Aang says: "I'm not your enemy!"
Aang says: "I won't fight you!"
He jumps into the air as four earth coins are sent his way, crashing into each other. As Aang begins his descent, another earth coin is sent skidding toward him; the coin crashes into one of the four stationery coins. Aang lands on the ground where the coin was standing just moments ago. Two of the other stationery coins are closed together. The camera cuts to a shot of Aang trapped inside the holes of the earth coins, rolling speedily away. An earthbender breaks the coins, crumbling them to bits. Aang lands on the ground, rises and faces the rest of the soldiers.
Meanwhile, Sokka, who was being held down by the two soldiers, raises his feet and steps on their bare feet forcefully. The two soldiers release their grip and fall forward onto the ground in pain while Sokka runs away to aid Aang.
Outside, Aang narrowly avoids two earth coins sent at him, one flying above him, one flying below him. Two more earth coins are sent from opposite sides of the ring, threatening to crush him. Aang manages to escape by dodging through the holes in the coins just as they collide together and fall to the ground.
Riding an air scooter, Aang zigzags past several soldiers who attempt to slow him down by conjuring up rock walls in his path. Two soldiers riding ostrich horses chase after him as Aang rides past and scales up the wall of the base. As he is seen riding up the wall on the air scooter, the two soldiers use earthbending to propel themselves upward. Aang's air scooter runs out of air and he begins running up the wall, the two soldiers following him in hot pursuit. Cuts to a top view of Aang scaling the wall, only to narrowly dodge two spears coming his way.
He falls to the ground. The two soldiers land on the wall and descend to the ground after him. Aang somersaults forward as he avoids their spear attacks yet again. He lands onto the ground, an earth coin embedded into it. The earth coin is suddenly sent upward and dragged forward, Aang being trapped in its hole. The earth coin lands in front of Fong.
Fong says: "You can't run forever!"
Aang says: "You can't fight forever!"
Fong leaps forward and crushes the earth coin, just as Aang jumps to avoid the attack. Dust from the impact is sent flying toward the screen. The scene changes to where Zuko and Iroh are approaching Azula's ship. The camera pans upward and focuses on a shot of Azula standing quietly on top of a ramp leading up to the ship. Royal Procession guards stand on either side of them as they walk, forming an aisle. Iroh averts his eyes suspiciously between the guards. They reach the ship and bow; the guards behind them walk forward and close the aisle.
Azula says: "Brother!"
Azula says: "Uncle!"
Azula says: "Welcome!"
Azula says: "I'm so glad you decided to come."
The camera cuts to a side-shot of Iroh, opening his eyes slightly and casting a suspicious glance at the guards.
Captain says: "Are we ready to depart, Your Highness?"
Azula says: "Set our course for home, captain."
Zuko says: "Home."
Captain says: "You heard the princess!"
Captain says: "Raise the anchors!"
Captain says: "We're taking the prisoners home!"
The captain widens his eyes in realization at his mistake and looks at Azula. Zuko and Iroh stop, looking surprised. Cut to Azula with a look of surprise on her face. The camera rushes to her face as her expression turns to fury. Cut back to the captain, his eyes wide.
Captain says: "Your Highness, I..."
Cut to Zuko, his eyes widening. Cuts to a close-up of Iroh, who narrows his eyes to the left and suddenly begins attacking the guards. He pushes them off the edge of the walkway and sends fire blasts their way. Cuts to a side-shot of Zuko, as he stomps furiously up the ramp and throws the captain off.
Zuko says: "You lied to me!"
Azula says: "Like I've never done that before."
She turns her back to him and walks away, as two guards standing near her shoot fire blasts at Zuko. Zuko crosses his arms and spreads them outward, deflecting the attacks and shouts as he charges onto the ship. The scene changes to Aang, who avoids three earth coins that slam onto the ground, threatening to crush him. He runs to the left of the screen as another coin rolls his way. The scene changes to the team's bedroom, where Katara is lying on her bed, listening to the noises outside.
Katara says: "I wonder what crazy thing they're trying to do now."
Katara says: "Maybe we should just make sure Aang's okay."
She rises from her bed. The camera cuts to a shot of the base tower and pans downward to show Katara and Sokka running down opposite stairways. They meet up at the bottom of the base.
Katara says: "What's going on?"
Sokka says: "The general's gone crazy!"
Sokka says: "He's trying to force Aang into the Avatar State!"
Sokka pulls out his boomerang and throws it as Katara runs off. Cuts to a shot of a soldier, who is hit by the boomerang and falls to the ground in a daze, knocking over the earth coin in the process. Cuts to Aang, who is being chased by another soldier mounted on an ostrich horse. The head of the spear the soldier was holding is suddenly snapped off. He slows down, stunned at this. Cuts to a shot of Katara summoning a water whip.
Sokka says: "Good..."
Sokka says: "bird..."
Sokka says: "horse thingy..."
Sokka mounts it and the animal begins galloping away, leaving Katara standing in the arena. The camera zooms out to Fong. Several earth coins are summoned, rolling toward Katara before coming to a standstill.
Fong says: "Maybe you can avoid me..."
Fong says: "but she can't."
The soldiers rotate the earth coins so that their flat sides face Katara. The camera zooms out to the entire arena, the coins forming a triangular pattern around Katara. The waterbender sends a water whip at Fong, who summons up dust pillars that deflect the water and turn it to mud. He uses earthbending to begin sinking her into the ground. She twists around, buried knee deep.
Katara says: "I can't move!"
Aang says: "Don't hurt her!"
He leaps onto the ground and sends a gust of wind at Fong, who summons an earth wall to block the attack. Fong brings down the earth wall and sinks Katara into the ground further, this time burying her waist deep.
Sokka says: "Katara!"
Sokka says: "No!"
He gallops toward her, but Fong sinks the animal's feet into the ground, flinging Sokka off the ostrich horse. Sokka slams into the hole of an earth coin, leaving him dangling.
Aang says: "Stop this!"
Aang says: "You have to let her go!"
Fong says: "You could save her if you were in the Avatar State!"
Aang says: "I'm trying..."
Aang says: "I'm trying!"
Katara says: "Please!"
Aang says: "You don't need to do this!"
Fong says: "Apparently, I do."
He clenches his fist tight, sinking Katara completely. She cries out in fear before being completely buried in the ground. Aang leaps forward and attempts to save her, however, he falls short. Closes up on Aang, as his arrow tattoo begins to glow a bright white. He turns his head to face Fong, the Avatar State now triggered.
Fong says: "It worked!"
Fong says: "It worked!"
An air blast is sent his way and his triumphant expression soon becomes one of fear as he realizes the situation. Cuts to Aang, who performs the downward cutting motion as seen in his previous dreams and pushes Fong back with a powerful air blast. Fong lands roughly on the ground. Cuts to Aang, who begins rising on an earth vortex.
The scene changes to Zuko, who leaps onto the deck of the ship and blasts the two guards off the ship with two fire blasts. He lands on deck. The camera zooms out to where Azula is standing patiently several feet away, her back turned to him. Focuses on Azula, who smirks. Cuts to Zuko, who clenches his fists and prepares fire daggers. Cuts to Iroh, who continues to attack the guards on the walkway.
Iroh says: "Zuko!"
Iroh says: "Let's go!"
He hurls the guard over the edge and steps to the side to avoid another guard's attack and push him aside. Cuts back to Zuko, who charges at Azula with fire daggers. Zooms out to where he attempts to strike Azula, only for the princess to acutely dodge all of his blows. Cuts to close-up of her as she smirks at her brother. Zooms out to both siblings as Zuko keeps attacking and Azula keeps avoiding. Zuko brings down his right hand to land another blow, however, Azula manages to push him away.
Azula says: "You know, Father blames Uncle for the loss of the North Pole."
Azula says: "And he considers you a miserable failure for not finding the Avatar!"
Azula says: "where you can no longer embarrass him?"
Zuko conjures up two fire daggers again. He leaps into the air and sends a powerful fire blast at Azula using his foot. She jumps and lands safely on the deck several feet away. Zuko charges at her as she rises to her feet. After dodging several more attacks, she manages to scrape his forehead with her fingernails, leaving three scratch marks on his temple. Zuko falls back a few feet from the impact and yells as he charges at her again.
The two continue to duel, eventually making their way up a stairway that leads to the central control area of the ship. Azula manages grab hold of Zuko's arm. A few seconds pause as the two stand silently, Zuko widening his eyes in alarm. Cuts to a side-shot of the stairway where Azula knocks him to his feet with a blue fire blast. Zuko lands roughly at the bottom of the stairwell. Cuts to a shot from Zuko's perspective, the screen slightly blurred to show the effects of the blow. The camera travels upward from side to side before landing on Azula, who moves both her arms in a circular motion, generating lightning. Cuts to shot of her readying the attack and firing the bolt at her brother, only for Iroh to step in suddenly, grab hold of her right hand and redirect the lightning, causing it to strike a far-off cliff side. He bends her downward and kicks her off the ship. Azula lands in the water below with a splash. Cuts to Zuko and Iroh, who run away from the ship.
The scene changes to Fong's base, where Aang is rising on the earth vortex, still under the control of the Avatar State.
Fong says: "and it worked!"
Aang swivels about on the vortex and lands on the ground forcefully, causing a flurry of dust to spread. Fong is sent back several feet while Katara remains rooted to the ground where she was. Cuts to the left of the arena where several soldiers are standing, a torrent of dust rumbling their way. The dust clears to reveal the ground broken and in ruins. Cuts to right of the arena, where several soldiers on ostrich horses stand. The dust torrent passes over them and clears, revealing that side in ruins. Cuts to another area of the base, where several houses lie. Again, the torrent passes over, leaving the houses considerably damaged.
Cuts to Aang, who is still under the influence of the Avatar State. His spirit is seen leaving his body and rising into the air. Cuts to bird's-eye view of the base as Roku's dragon, Fang passes by, Avatar Roku and Aang riding atop the beast.
Roku says: "It's time you learned."
They fly higher above the dusty clouds. Cuts to side shot of the dragon, many small figures seen floating in the distance.
Roku says: "The Avatar State is a defense mechanism, designed to empower you with the skills and knowledge of all the past Avatars."
Cuts to Avatar Kyoshi, who stands surrounded by rocky mountain terrain. Her eyes glow for a moment and she assumes a fighting stance. The camera zooms out to reveal two large earthen statues, somewhat resembling badgermoles. She performs a series of moves which cause the statues to rise into the air, and send them past toward the camera.
Roku says: "The glow is the combination of all your past lives, focusing their energy through your body."
Cuts to a shot of Avatar Kuruk, riding atop a raft in the middle of the ocean. His eyes glow momentarily before he raises his arms and summons a gigantic tsunami-like wave. He is seen rapidly riding atop the wave toward the screen. Cuts to Avatar Yangchen, who stands in a grassy field surrounded by a forest area. Her eyes glow briefly as she swings her arms and swivels around, conjuring powerful winds. The camera zooms out to the entire field and the forest blown violently by the wind.
Roku says: "In the Avatar State, you are at your most powerful,  but you are also at your most vulnerable."
Aang says: "What do you mean?"
Roku says: "If you are killed in the Avatar State,  and the Avatar will cease to exist."
Aang is shown with a worried look on his face. The scene cuts to the base where Fang flies over Fong's base. Cuts to Aang's body, surrounded by a dome of air. Fang flies downward, head first, passing through Aang's body and into the ground. Aang's spirit is brought back to his physical self and he exits the Avatar State.
He falls to the ground weak and surveys the damage he caused to the base. Cuts to the ruins of the arena, houses destroyed and earth coins flung about. Cuts to Katara, completely unharmed from the whole ordeal, who approaches Aang and hugs him.
Aang says: "I'm sorry, Katara."
Aang says: "I hope you never have to see me like that again."
Fong says: "We just have to find out a way to control you when you're like that."
Aang says: "You're out of your mind."
Fong says: "I guess we'll figure it out on the way to the Fire Nation."
Sokka appears behind the general, riding the ostrich horse. He raises his club and strikes the general on the head, which knocks him out cold.
Sokka says: "Anybody got a problem with that?"
The soldiers shake their heads. Zooms out to the gang, several soldiers and Fong, who lies on the ground motionless.
Soldier says: "Do you still want an escort to Omashu?"
Katara says: "I think we're all set."
The group leaves the base on Appa. The scene changes to the village resort. Azula is seen standing on the balcony of one of the residential buildings. Two Royal Procession guards stand in the background to protect her.
Azula says: "There will be no place left to hide!"
The scene changes to a riverside. The shadowy reflections of two figures on the run can be seen in the water. Cuts to view of the river bank and the area nearby as Zuko and Iroh run frantically. Cuts to riverbank as the two stop and fall to the ground, catching their breath.
Iroh says: "I think we're safe here."
Cuts to shot from Zuko's perspective as he pulls out a small dagger. Cuts to close-up of Zuko holding the dagger, its blade reflecting the sunlight. Cuts briefly to Iroh, who closes his eyes, seemingly aware of his nephew's actions. He casts a look at Zuko, who holds the knife under his ponytail. Cuts to close-up of his ponytail, as he slices it off with the knife. He holds it in his hand and looks at it for a moment before passing the knife to Iroh, who cuts off his topknot. Cuts to Zuko's hand, as he releases his ponytail. Cuts to the surface of the river, as the two topknots are released and float down the river. The camera zooms out to where Zuko and Iroh stand quietly on the bank of the river.
Fades to credits.