The scene opens to the Western Air Temple at nightfall. Zuko is pouring tea to give to the members of Team Avatar.
Zuko says: ", but hopefully I learned a thing or two."
Zuko says: "Would you like to hear Uncle's favorite tea joke?"
Katara says: "Sure."
Aang says: "I like jokes."
Toph says: "Bring it!"
Zuko says: "Okay."
Zuko says: "Well, it's funnier when Uncle tells it."
Katara says: "Right..."
Katara says: "maybe that's because he remembers the whole thing."
Everyone else laughs. Zuko smiles a little.
Toph says: "It's nice to get a chance to relax a little."
Toph says: "It hardly ever happens."
Zuko hands tea to Teo and Toph. He subsequently approaches Sokka.
Sokka says: "Hey, can I talk to you for a second?"
Zuko sets down the tray of tea. The camera switches to a shot of him and Sokka walking away from where the rest of the group is gathered.
Zuko says: "So, what's up?"
Sokka says: "If someone was captured by the Fire Nation, where would they be taken?"
Zuko says: "What do you mean?"
Zuko says: "Who was captured?"
Sokka says: "When the invasion plan failed, some of our troops were taken."
Sokka says: "I just want to know where they might be."
Zuko says: "I can't tell you."
Sokka says: "What?"
Sokka says: "Why not?"
Zuko says: "Trust me."
Zuko says: "Knowing would just make you feel worse."
Sokka says: "It's my dad."
Sokka says: "He was captured too."
Sokka says: "I need to know what I put him through."
Zuko says: "It's not good, Sokka."
Sokka says: "Please."
Zuko says: "My guess is, they were taken to the Boiling Rock."
Sokka says: "What's that?"
Zuko says: "The highest security prison in the Fire Nation."
Zuko says: "It's on an island in the middle of a boiling lake."
Zuko says: "It's inescapable."
Sokka says: "So, where is this place?"
Zuko says: "Why do you need to know?"
Zuko says: "What are you planning?"
Sokka says: "Nothing."
Sokka says: "Boy, you're so paranoid."
Zuko says: "It's in the middle of a volcano between here and the Fire Nation."
Zuko says: "You guys actually flew right past it on your way here."
Sokka says: "Thanks, Zuko."
Sokka says: "Just knowing makes me feel better."
Zuko says: "Yeah, I'm sure it does."
Fade to later that night. With everyone asleep, Sokka sneaks away from everyone. He sighs and almost steps on Momo, narrowly avoiding tripping over him and waking him up. He climbs onto Appa, who awakes.
Sokka says: "Shhh."
Appa goes back to sleep, as Sokka climbs on top of him. However, as he climbs up, he notices Zuko is already in the saddle with his arms crossed.
Zuko says: "Not up to anything, huh?"
Sokka says: "Fine, you caught me."
Sokka says: "I'm gonna rescue my dad."
Sokka says: "You happy now?"
Zuko says: "I'm never happy."
Zuko says: "You need to regain your honor?"
Zuko says: "Believe me, I get it."
Zuko says: "I'm going with you."
Sokka says: "No."
Sokka says: "I have to do this alone."
Zuko says: "How are you going to get there?"
Zuko says: "On Appa?"
Zuko says: "Last time I checked, prisons don't have bison daycares."
Cut to Appa and Momo, still sleeping at sunrise. The Duke gives Appa some hay. Katara notices that Momo is holding a note.
Toph says: "What does it say?"
Katara says: ""Need meat."
Katara says: "Gone fishing."
Katara says: "Back in a few days."
Katara says: "Sokka and Zuko."
Katara says: ""  One more thing."
Katara says: ""Aang, practice your firebending while I'm gone."
Katara says: "Do twenty sets of fire fists and ten hot squats every time you hear a badgerfrog croak."
Katara says: "Zuko."
A badgerfrog croaks, waking Aang from his rest.
Aang says: "One hot squat, two hot squat, three hot squat, four hot squat..."
Scene cuts to Zuko and Sokka in the air in the war balloon. Zuko blasts fire into the tank to keep it moving. A moment of awkward silence between the two follows.
Sokka says: "Pretty clouds."
Zuko says: "Yeah..."
Zuko says: "fluffy."
Zuko says: "What?"
Sokka says: "What?"
Sokka says: "Oh, I didn't say anything."
Sokka says: "You know, a friend of mine actually designed these war balloons."
Zuko says: "No kidding."
Sokka says: "Yep, a balloon..."
Sokka says: "but for war."
Zuko says: "If there's one thing my dad's good at, it's war."
Sokka says: "Yeah, it seems to run in the family."
Zuko says: "Hey, hold on."
Zuko says: "Not everyone in my family is like that."
Sokka says: "I know, I know, you've changed."
Zuko says: "I meant my uncle."
Zuko says: "He was more of a father to me."
Zuko says: "And I really let him down."
Sokka says: "I think your uncle would be proud of you."
Sokka says: "Leaving your home to come help us?"
Sokka says: "That's hard."
Zuko says: "It wasn't that hard."
Sokka says: "Really?"
Sokka says: "You didn't leave behind anyone you cared about?"
Zuko says: "Well, I did have a girlfriend."
Zuko says: "Mai."
Sokka says: "That gloomy girl who sighs a lot?"
Zuko says: "Yeah."
Zuko says: "Everyone in the Fire Nation thinks I'm a traitor."
Zuko says: "I couldn't drag her into it."
Sokka says: "My first girlfriend turned into the moon."
Zuko says: "That's rough, buddy."
Nightfall. Sokka is asleep, snoring loudly. Zuko continues to keep the tank full. He stops to look out in the distance.
Zuko says: "There it is!"
Zuko says: "There's plenty of steam to keep us covered."
Zuko says: "As long as we're quiet, we should be able to navigate through it without being caught."
As they enter the volcano's steam, the balloon begins losing altitude quickly.
Sokka says: "The air outside is just as hot as the air inside so we can't fly!"
Zuko says: "So what are we supposed to do?"
Sokka says: "I don't know!"
Sokka says: "Crash-landing?"
The balloon skids along the boiling water, splashing Sokka's hand, which he shakes while blocking his mouth to prevent himself from screaming. The balloon hits the base of the rock, ejecting the two from it.
Zuko says: "How are we gonna get off the island if the balloon won't work?"
Sokka says: "We'll figure something out!"
Sokka says: "I suspected it might be a one-way ticket."
Zuko says: "You knew this would happen and you wanted to come anyway?"
Sokka says: "My dad might be here!"
Sokka says: "I had to come and see!"
Zuko says: "Uncle always said I never thought things through."
Zuko says: "But this..."
Zuko says: "this is just crazy!"
Zuko says: "What are you doing?"
Sokka says: "It doesn't work anyway, and we don't want anyone to find it."
Zuko says: "I hope you know what you're doing."
Zuko says: "There's no turning back now."
Morning. Zuko and Sokka have entered the prison, and come out of a supply room filled with reserve guard uniforms. Both of them wear prison guard uniforms.
Zuko says: "I hope these disguises work."
Sokka says: "We just need to lay low and find my dad as soon as possible."
A series of guards run by. One of them runs back and looks at them.
Male guard says: "Guards!"
Male guard says: "There's a scuffle in the yard."
Male guard says: "Come on."
The two go to the yard. Prisoners are gathered in a circle as the guards move through to the inside.
Chit Sang says: "I didn't do anything!"
Chit Sang says: "I'm going back to my cell."
Bully guard says: "Stop right there, Chit Sang."
Zuko tries to approach, but Sokka grabs his arm to stop him.
Sokka says: "We can't blow our cover."
Bully guard says: "I've had it with your unruly behavior!"
Chit Sang says: "What did I do?"
Bully guard says: "He wants to know what he did."
Zuko says: "Uh, very cute, sir."
Sokka says: "Super cute."
Bully guard says: "You didn't bow down when I walked by, Chit Sang!"
Chit Sang says: "What?"
Chit Sang says: "That's not a prison rule."
Bully guard says: "Do it!"
Chit Sang says: "Make me."
The bully guard walks away, but as he is leaving, he whips fire at Chit Sang. Chit Sang blocks it, and redirects it at him. The bully guard breaks the blast with a kick.
Bully guard says: "Tsk, tsk."
Bully guard says: "Firebending is prohibited."
Bully guard says: "You're going in the cooler."
Bully guard says: "You!"
Bully guard says: "Help me take him in."
Back inside, Chit Sang is led to a cooler.
Bully guard says: "The warden will deal with you soon."
Bully guard says: "Can you believe this guy?"
Sokka says: "Prisoners!"
Sokka says: "Am I right?"
Bully guard says: "Ugh."
Bully guard says: "Tell me about it."
Meal time for the guards. Zuko is getting food, noticeably the only guard wearing a helmet.
Male guard says: "Hey, new guy!"
Male guard says: "I know it's the rule to have your helmet on at all times, but this is the lounge."
Male guard says: "Relax."
Zuko says: "But what if there's an incident?"
Zuko says: "If I'm not prepared, someone could strike me on the head."
The guards laugh.
Female guard says: "Give it a week, he'll loosen up."
Zuko says: "Can the new guy ask you veterans a few questions about the prison?"
Female guard says: "No, you can't date the female guards."
Male guard says: "Trust me, you don't want to."
Zuko says: "No, that's not it."
Zuko says: "The Boiling Rock, it holds the Fire Nation's most dangerous criminals, right?"
Zuko says: "So what about war prisoners?"
In the yard, the warden arrives on the gondolas. Meanwhile, Sokka and the bully guard continue to stand guard by the cooler. Sokka is looking inside at Chit Sang who is shivering.
Sokka says: "It sure looks cold in there."
Bully guard says: "That's why we call it the cooler."
Bully guard says: "He won't be firebending there."
Bully guard says: "Look alive!"
Warden says: "So Chit Sang, I hear you used firebending to try to escape."
Warden says: "You should know better."
Chit Sang says: "I wasn't trying to escape."
Bully guard says: "He's lying!"
Bully guard says: "I saw it with my own eyes."
Warden says: "No one has ever, ever escaped from here."
Warden says: "I'd sooner jump in the Boiling Lake myself than let that record fall."
Warden says: "Don't forget it."
Warden says: "Now go back to your shivering."
Back in the yard. Zuko approaches Sokka, but does not know it is him.
Zuko says: "Hey there, fellow guard, how goes it?"
Sokka says: "Zuko?"
Zuko says: "Shhh!"
Zuko says: "Listen, I asked around the lounge."
Zuko says: "There are no Water Tribe prisoners."
Zuko says: "I'm afraid your father's not here."
Sokka says: "What?"
Sokka says: "Are you sure, did you double-check?"
Zuko says: "Yeah, I'm sure."
Sokka says: "No."
Sokka says: "No!"
Zuko says: "I'm really sorry, Sokka."
Sokka says: "So we came all this way for nothing?"
Sokka says: "I failed..."
Sokka says: "again."
Zuko says: "Ah,  take a bite out of the silver sandwich!"
Sokka's eyes widen when he notices something; close-up of his cheerful expression as he gets up. Cut to a frontal shot of Zuko while Sokka runs up to grab the railing next to him, excitedly looking down to the yard below.
Sokka says: "Maybe we haven't failed after all!"
Zuko says: "That's the spirit!"
Zuko says: "I didn't even know what I was saying."
Sokka says: "No, what you said made no sense at all."
Sokka says: "But look..."
Sokka says: "It's Suki!"
Suki, sitting in the prison yard in prison garb, looks up at hearing the continuous ringing of a bell.
Guard says: "back in your cells!"
Cut to a view of the prison yard from ground level as the prisoners start to walk back inside. Cut to a frontal shot of Zuko and Sokka. The latter's eyes are now rapidly blinking pink hearts, while Zuko gives him a conspicuous look. Sokka does not pay attention and lowers the visor of his helmet with a smile before dashing out of the scene with a surprised Zuko quicking turning his head and looking after him. Cut to the prisoners' housing area. Camera slowly pans to show a guard mopping the floor and another one doing his rounds. Cut to Suki lying on her bed and staring at the ceiling in sadness. The door to her cell opens and closes, illuminating her face as her eyes turn to the door. Cut to a further off side-shot of Sokka entering Suki's cell.
Suki says: "What is it?"
Suki says: "Did I do something wrong?"
Sokka says: "You mean you don't recognize me?"
Suki says: "You people all look the same to me."
Sokka says: "Oh?"
Sokka says: "Then maybe you'll recognize this."
Sokka purses his lips and attempts smooching sounds as he leans in to kiss Suki. His lips are suddenly grasped by a hand. The camera switches to the side-shot as Suki violently shoves him against the door. Frontal shot of Sokka as he makes contact with the door, his helm flinging off in the process. He looks bewildered to Suki. Cut to a close-up of Suki, her left arm still stretched out in the move she used to push him away. Her angry expression instantly brightens.
Suki says: "Sokka!"
Suki says: "It's you!"
Suki rushes to pull Sokka into an embrace. Still bewildered, he does not immediately return the gesture. Cut to a frontal shot of Sokka, Suki resting her head on his shoulder, and he mellows into the embrace, returning it in all honestly while closing his eyes. Cut to a close-up side-shot of Suki, who is tearing up out of joy.
Sokka says: "The other Kyoshi Warriors, are they here?"
Suki says: "No."
Suki says: "I don't know where they are."
Suki says: "They locked me in here because I'm the leader."
Sokka says: "Well, you won't be here for long."
Sokka says: "I'm busting you out."
Suki says: "I knew you'd come."
Cut to a side-shot of the now-reunited couple as they gaze lovingly at each other. They release hands, placing them on the other's arms, and lean in to kiss; Suki throws her arms around Sokka's neck. Cut to a close-up frontal shot of Zuko standing guard outside the cell. He suddenly looks to his right. Cut to a further off shot, showing the entire hallway, revealing that the sound that drew Zuko's attention was a guard ascending nearby stairs. He taps on the cell door to get Sokka and Suki's attention. Cut to inside the cell where the couple stops kissing, Sokka casting a suspicious look to the door. Cut back to outside the cell, where the female guard approaches Zuko, who is standing in front of the cell door, his arms crossed behind his back. He turns to her as she pulls up next to him.
Female guard says: "Excuse me."
Female guard says: "I need to get into that cell."
Zuko says: "The prisoner could sneak up on you."
Female guard says: "Hey, hey, what are you doing?"
She turns to retaliate against Zuko's action. Cut to inside the cell, where Zuko's head can be seen through the looking hole as he is slammed against the door. The camera pans down to show Sokka and Suki pushed against the door, looking up in worry. Sokka's expression turns serious as he lowers his gaze and puts on his helmet. Cut to a close-up shot of the guard's right calf as Zuko plants his own leg behind it. Switch to a further off shot. Zuko grabs a hold of the woman's right arm and forces her to bend backward, thus averting her sight from the door that slides open. Sokka quickly exits the cell and shuffles away, his back pressed against the wall. The female guard manages to push Zuko's face up with her left arm, regaining a more leveled pose herself. Cut to a close-up side-shot of her from underneath Zuko's arms as she looks to her right.
Female guard says: "Arrest him!"
Cut to a view of the gondola making its way to the prison. Cut back to inside the prison as the struggle continues.
Female guard says: "Get him off me and arrest him!"
Sokka says: "Don't worry, I'll figure it out."
Sokka leads Zuko away, followed by the female guard. Later, Zuko, now in prison garb, is in an isolated room. The door opens, revealing the warden.
Warden says: "Well, well, well."
Warden says: "I never thought I'd find you in here,  Prince Zuko."
Zuko says: "How did you know who I am?"
Warden says: "How could I not?"
Warden says: "You broke my niece's heart."
Zuko says: "You're Mai's uncle?"
Zuko says: "I never meant to hurt her."
Warden says: "Quiet!"
Warden says: "You're my special prisoner now."
Warden says: "And you'd best behave."
Warden says: "If these criminals found out who you are, the traitor prince who let his nation down, why they'd tear you to shreds."
Zuko says: "So what's in it for you?"
Zuko says: "Why don't you just tell my father to come collect a reward?"
Warden says: "Oh, in due time, believe me, I intend to collect."
Outside the cells, Sokka comes down and sees Zuko and Suki mopping floors.
Sokka says: "Oh, good, you guys have met."
Suki says: "Actually, we met a long time ago."
Zuko says: "We did?"
Suki says: "Yeah, you kind of burned down my village."
Zuko says: "Oh, sorry about that."
Zuko says: "Nice to see you again."
Zuko and Suki stop mopping and hide from the other guards beside a staircase.
Sokka says: "So, listen, I think I have an escape plan."
Sokka says: "I checked out the coolers again, and the point of them is to keep firebenders contained, right?"
Zuko says: "Yeah..."
Sokka says: "So, they're completely insulated and sealed to keep the cold in."
Sokka says: "Well, to keep the cold in, it also has to keep the heat out, right?"
Suki says: "Just get to the point, Sokka."
Sokka says: "It's a perfect boat for getting through the boiling water."
Zuko says: "The cooler as a boat?"
Zuko says: "Are you sure?"
Sokka says: "I'm telling you, it'll work."
Sokka says: "And bing-bang-boom, we're home free."
Suki says: "But how are you going to get the cooler out?"
Sokka says: "What?"
Sokka says: "We didn't..."
Sokka says: "w-we didn't say that."
Zuko says: "Yeah, you heard wrong."
Chit Sang says: "I heard you hatching an escape plan, and I want in."
Zuko says: "There's nothing to get in on."
Sokka says: "Yeah, the only thing we're hatching is..."
Sokka says: "an egg?"
Zuko lowers his head and Suki covers her eyes while they both sigh in annoyance. Cut back to Chit Sang.
Chit Sang says: "hears about this egg, too."
Suki says: "I guess we have no choice."
Sokka says: "Okay, you're in."
Sokka says: "Now first we need someone to unbolt the cooler, from the inside."
Chit Sang says: "Oh, I can get you inside."
Cut to a view of the stairs as two guards look down at the prison area. Chit Sang walks out from behind the stairs and stands in a spot. Zuko pretends to be mopping and bumps into Chit Sang.
Chit Sang says: "Hey!"
Chit Sang says: "What are you, stupid?"
Chit Sang says: "Watch where you're going!"
Zuko says: "Hey, you watch who you're shoving!"
Chit Sang says: "I think you mean whom I'm shoving!"
The two scuffle as the prisoners cheer them on. They break apart and Zuko goes for a punch. Chit Sang throws Zuko onto the floor.
Sokka says: "I need backup over here!"
Zuko dodges Chit Sang as he tries to elbow him. Zuko blasts fire at Chit Sang.
Male guard says: "No firebending!"
Male guard says: "Into the cooler!"
Zuko is taken down and escorted away by two guards. Sokka looks at Suki, who is mopping and looks back, as he walks off. Later, Sokka opens the cooler.
Sokka says: "I can take you back to your cell if you've learned your lesson."
Sokka says: "I got Suki and Chit Sang out of their cells a few minutes ago."
Sokka says: "They'll be waiting for us at the shore."
Zuko says: "Someone's coming!"
Male guard says: "Yeah, new arrivals coming in at dawn."
Female guard says: "Anybody interesting?"
Male guard says: "Nah, just the usual."
Male guard says: "Some robbers, a couple traitors, some war prisoners,  though I did hear there might be a pirate."
Female guard says: "No fooling!"
Zuko says: "War prisoners."
Zuko says: "It could be your father."
Sokka says: "I know."
Zuko says: "Well, what should we do?"
Zuko says: "Are we going ahead with the plan or are we waiting another night?"
Sokka says: "I don't know!"
Sokka says: "Is it right for me to risk Suki's freedom, all of our freedom on the slim chance that my dad is gonna show up?"
Zuko says: "It's your call, Sokka."
Cut to outside the prison, night time. Suki and Chit Sang are waiting for Sokka and Zuko until they hear them above, rolling the, now detached, cooler down the hill. Suki and Chit Sang move to help.
Chit Sang says: "Took you guys long enough."
Chit Sang says: "This here's my girl and my best buddy, they're coming too."
Sokka says: "Fine."
Sokka says: "Everybody in the cooler."
Sokka says: "Let's go."
Zuko says: "Are you sure you wanna go?"
Zuko says: "You're the one who said you wanted to redeem yourself."
Zuko says: "Redeem your honor."
Zuko says: "Rescuing your dad is your chance."
Suki says: "Your dad?"
Sokka says: "If I had just cut my losses at the invasion, maybe we wouldn't be in this mess."
Sokka says: "Maybe sometimes it's just better to call it quits before you fail."
Zuko says: "No, it's not."
Zuko says: "Look Sokka, you're going to fail a lot before things work out."
Sokka says: "That supposed to make me feel better?"
Zuko says: "Even though you'll probably fail over and over and over again..."
Sokka says: "Seriously, not helping."
Zuko says: "You have to try every time."
Zuko says: "You can't quit because you're afraid you might fail."
Chit Sang says: "Hey, if you two are done cuddling, can we get a move on?"
Sokka says: "No."
Sokka says: "I'm staying."
Sokka says: "You guys go."
Sokka says: "You've been here long enough."
Suki says: "I'm not leaving without you, Sokka."
Zuko says: "I'm staying, too."
Chit Sang says: "Not me, I'm out."
Chit Sang says: "Let's roll, baby."
Sokka says: "We gave up our only chance of escaping."
Sokka says: "I hope we haven't just made a huge mistake."
As morning arrives, the cooler holding Chit Sang, his buddy, and his girlfriend is still within the perimeter of the prison. The current escapees are sweating as the cooler slowly floats with the current.
Chit Sang says: "Aah, this current is so slow."
Chit Sang says: "I can use this to paddle."
A watchman catches notice. Two watchmen hit an alarm bell as the warden approaches.
Warden says: "Guards!"
Warden says: "Secure the perimeter and lock down the prisoners!"
Warden says: "Now!"
Many guards appear to lock down the prisoners as we see one guard use a fire whip to control the prisoners. Cut to the outside of the prison walls as the camera pans down to Sokka, Suki, and Zuko.
Sokka says: "The plan failed!"
Sokka says: "They're caught!"
Cut back to the warden near a launcher.
Warden says: "Get the fugitives and throw them in the cooler!"
Male guard #2.
The guard in charge of the steering wheel turns toward the warden. Uh ... they are in a cooler, sir.
Warden says: "One that's bolted down and not floating in the water!"
Warden says: "This is a lockdown!"
Warden says: "We have new prisoners arriving!"
Warden says: "Everything must be completely secure!"
The male guard fires a large ballista bolt, catching hold of the cooler, and drags it back toward the prison.
Sokka says: "The gondola's moving."
Sokka says: "If my dad's not there, we've risked everything for nothing."
Suki says: "We had to."
Sokka says: "Come on, come on..."
Cut to a large man with a tattoo and nose ring comes off the gondola first.
Zuko says: "Is that him?"
Sokka says: "My dad doesn't have a nose ring."
Sokka says: "That's it?"
Sokka says: "That can't be it."
Suki says: "I'm sorry, Sokka."
Sokka says: "Oh, no."
Male guard says: "Hey, you!"
Male guard says: "Get off the gondola!"
Cut to the gondola as Hakoda steps out.
Sokka says: "Dad..."
Fade to the words "TO BE CONTINUED ..." followed by the credits.