The episode opens to the Northern Water Tribe as the siege continues. Four fireballs streak past the screen. Cuts to overhead shot of the city as the fireballs strike various locations. The camera pans downward past the Tribal Chief's palace to the Spirit Oasis where Appa can be seen presiding by the pond. Cuts to shot of the two koi fish, the Moon and Ocean Spirits, swimming in their usual circular pattern.
Katara says: "I can't believe I lost him."
Cut to full shot of the pond, Sokka and Yue standing beside Katara, who is kneeling on the ground.
Sokka says: "You did everything you could, and now we need to do everything we can to get him back."
Sokka says: "Zuko can't have gotten far."
Sokka says: "We'll find him."
Sokka says: "Aang's gonna be fine."
Katara says: "Okay."
Katara says: "It's all right."
Katara says: "You stay here, Momo, in case Aang comes back."
Sokka says: "Yip, yip."
The camera pans upward as Appa takes off, heading upward to a location above the oasis, a vast frozen tundra where a blizzard is raging. Cuts to shot of the icy terrain of the tundra as the bison progresses. Cuts to shot of the ground, a path visible in the snow where someone has clearly been trudging along; the camera pans upward. Cuts to shot of Zuko plodding through the snow, his face partially covered to protect him from the cold, Aang slung across his back. Cuts to shot of an unconscious Aang, his tattooed arrows glowing.
The scene changes suddenly, zooming out on Aang who is sitting in a meditating position on a small wooden platform in an unknown location in the Spirit World. Cuts to shot of his surroundings which are not that of the icy tundra, but a mystical swamp dotted with trees. A large white bird of some sort flies past. Cuts to shot of Aang as the bird flies over the screen; he stands and begins wandering about. Cuts to shot of a figure in the distance sitting beneath a simple wooden entranceway. The figure can be heard uttering the sound "Ohm". Aang appears on-screen, turns his head in the direction of the sound and begins making his way toward the figure. Cuts to side-view of the figure, a monkey-like creature, as Aang approaches him, before cutting to a shot of the two with the figure's back to the camera.
Aang says: "Hello?"
Aang says: "I'm sorry to disturb you."
Aang says: "I just really need to find the Moon and the Ocean Spirits."
Baboon spirit says: "You're still here?"
Baboon spirit says: "Finally."
Cuts to a shot of Aang chasing the insect throughout the swamp and up a tree. He leaps up and manages to grasp hold of it and is delighted in doing so. Cuts to zoomed out shot of him as he lands on a tree branch which instantly shrivels up and disappears entirely, causing him to fall. Cuts briefly to close-up shot of an alarmed Aang before switching to a shot of him falling into the water. Aang is shown lying on his back in the water, the firefly having escaped his grip. It flies away as he tries to reach it again.
Aang says: "Come back!"
He stands up. Cuts to shot of him looking down at the water, when Roku suddenly appears before Aang in a reflection in the water.
Roku says: "Hello, Aang."
Aang says: "Roku!"
The scene cuts back to the real world, where Zuko continues his trek through the icy tundra. Cuts to close-up of him before a shot of the ground where he steps on ice that begins cracking beneath his feet; his eyes widen in surprise at this. Cuts to overhead shot of him, the camera zooming out, as the ice begins to splinter and cave in. Cuts to shot of him on high alert as he begins running, before switching to an overhead shot of him as he races through the snow. Cuts to shot of him as the impact of the ice caving in throws him off-balance.
Zuko is thrown several feet away and lands roughly in the snow, losing his grip on Aang and kicking up a cloud of snow. The cloud dissipates, showing Zuko and Aang lying in the snow. Cuts to shot of Zuko, as he raises his head and looks at the scene. Cuts to shot of the aftermath of the cave-in, the ground severely disrupted, and a shot of Zuko once more. He spots a cave off in the distance.
Zuko says: "Shelter."
Back in the Spirit World, Aang is speaking with Roku.
Aang says: "Roku, the Water Tribe's under attack."
Aang says: "I need to find the Ocean and the Moon Spirits."
Roku says: "The Ocean and the Moon are ancient spirits."
Roku says: "They crossed over the Spirit World to the mortal world very near the beginning."
Roku says: "There is only one spirit I know of who is old enough to remember."
Aang says: "Who?"
Roku says: "The spirit's name is Koh, but he is very dangerous."
Roku says: "They call him the Face Stealer."
Meanwhile, in the real world, Katara, Sokka, and Yue arrive to where the ice broke earlier. In the cave, Zuko is keeping warm with Breath of Fire while Aang, now tied up, remains in the Spirit World.
Zuko says: "I finally have you, but I can't get you home because of this blizzard."
Zuko says: "There's always something."
Zuko says: "Not that you would understand."
Zuko says: "You're like my sister."
Zuko says: "Everything always came easy to her."
Zuko says: "She's a firebending prodigy, and everyone adores her."
Zuko says: "My father says she was born lucky."
Zuko says: "He says I was lucky to be born."
Zuko says: "I don't need luck, though."
Zuko says: "I don't want it."
Zuko says: "I've always had to struggle and fight and that's made me strong."
Zuko says: "It's made me who I am."
Meanwhile, back at the invasion, the Fire Nation has breached part of the wall. On the lead ship, Zhao and Iroh are speaking.
Iroh says: "I don't need to remind you we have a time limit."
Iroh says: "If we don't defeat the Water Tribe before the full moon rises, they will be undefeatable."
Zhao says: "I assure you I have everything under control."
Zhao says: "I intend to remove the moon as a factor."
Iroh says: "Remove the moon?"
Iroh says: "How?"
Hahn appears behind them and points his spear at Zhao.
Hahn says: "Admiral Choi!"
Hahn says: "Prepare to meet your fate!"
He charges at Zhao, who casually tosses him overboard as he is still screaming. A loud splash is heard, while Iroh shakes his head in disappointment.
Zhao says: "As I was saying, years ago I stumble upon a great and powerful secret: the identity of the Moon Spirit's mortal form."
Iroh says: "What?"
Zhao says: "I was a young lieutenant serving under General Shu in the Earth Kingdom."
Zhao says: "And that it was my destiny to do so."
Iroh says: "Zhao, the spirits are not to be trifled with!"
Zhao says: "Yes, yes..."
Zhao says: "I know you fear the spirits, Iroh."
Zhao says: "I've heard rumors about your journey into the Spirit World."
Zhao says: "But the Ocean and Moon gave up their immortality to become a part of our world."
Zhao says: "And now they will face the consequences."
Back in the Spirit World, Aang walks up a giant tree, seeing the entrance to the cave Koh can be found in. Aang stares and slightly steps toward the cave hearing creepy noises. He glances to his left noticing that the noise wasn't coming from the cave. Aang sighs in relief.
Aang says: "You're just a curly tailed blue nose."
The monkey turns its head toward Aang, exposing that he has no face.
Aang says: "Show no fear."
Aang says: "Show no emotion at all."
Aang steps into the cave with a straight face.
Aang says: "Hello?"
Aang says: "I-I'm looking for a spirit named 'Koh'."
As Aang says the spirit's name, some "roots" on the ceiling begin to move. Aang looks around, sensing movement, but sees nothing. Cut to a close-up of Aang's face that pans slightly left, leaving the right hand portion of the screen over his shoulder momentarily empty. A moment later, a white face appears with gray patches around its eyes and luscious, blood-red lips. Cut to a close-up of the lips, which smile. Cut to a profile of Aang, his face emotionless. Suddenly, a huge centipede-like body arcs around Aang and appears in front of his face. The white, clown-like face of Koh is inches away from Aang. Around the spirit's face are eight additional legs.
Koh says: "Welcome!"
Aang keeps his face straight. Cut to a long shot; the spirit hangs from the ceiling in front of Aang, who bows with his hands clasped in front of him in a gesture of honor.
Koh says: "My old friend, the Avatar."
Koh says: "It's been a long time."
Aang says: "You know me?"
Koh says: "you?"
Koh says: "One of your previous incarnations tried to slay me!"
Koh says: "Nearly eight or nine hundred years ago."
Aang says: "I didn't know that."
Aang says: "Why did he, or I, try to kill you?"
Koh says: "You've come to me..."
Koh says: "with a new face."
Aang closes his eyes and takes a deep breath to the words into his ear, crossing the scene to the real world, Zuko seeing his breath.
Zuko says: "Guess we'll be here awhile."
Cut to exterior of the cave. Cut to Appa in the blizzard.
Yue says: "Don't worry, Prince Zuko can't be getting too far in this weather."
Katara says: "I'm not worried they'll get away in the blizzard."
Katara says: "I'm worried that they won't."
Sokka says: "They're not going to die in this blizzard."
Sokka says: "If we know anything, it's that Zuko never gives up."
Sokka says: "They'll survive, and we'll find them."
The screen flashes white back to the Spirit World to Aang's talk with the face stealer, Koh circling loosely around Aang.
Koh says: "So..."
Koh says: "how may I help you?"
Aang says: "I need to find the moon and the ocean."
Koh says: "Their spirit names are Tui and La, push and pull."
Koh says: "And that has been the nature of their relationship for all time."
Koh says: "Oh, you think you need their help."
Aang says: "What do you mean?"
Aang says: "How can I find them and protect them?"
Koh says: "good and evil, yin and yang."
Aang's eyes open wide as he experiences a flashback of the white and black fish circling each other in the pond and the vision he had of them as they turned into the yin and yang symbol just before he entered the Spirit World. Back to Aang.
Aang says: "I must be going now."
Koh says: "We'll meet again."
Koh recedes into the shadows as Aang walks out of his cave. Cut to Aang running in front of the tree that is Koh's lair. He stops and talks to the ground.
Aang says: "The spirits are in trouble, I need to get back to the physical world."
Roku says: "A friend is here, to guide you back."
Aang says: "Hei Bai!"
The spirit groans as Aang jumps onto him and sets off. Cut back to the physical world. Two fireballs hit the city. Cut to two Water Tribe members fleeing as a tank destroys a totem pole behind them. Cut to two Water Tribe members trying to stop a tank. Cut to a view of the ocean with many fire navy ships and the moon looming behind. Cut to a bridge as two fire navy soldiers move in front of the camera as a waterbender drops down to move the bridge back from where the fire navy soldiers came from, taking the soldiers with it. Cut to a waterbender facing a tank, submerging the tank in the snow and ice around it. Cut to waterbenders attacking fire navy soldiers with shards of ice, who use shields to protect themselves. Cut to a shot behind Pakku who freezes and takes down eight oncoming soldiers. Pakku dodges a fire blast, having become surrounded with tanks and soldiers. Unleashing a wave of water he slices tanks wheels off and freezes soldiers behind him in ice. Pakku lifts himself into the air with water while being fired upon by firebenders. Avoiding the blasts, he knocks the firebenders away using his water cyclone as a wave. Cut to waterbenders sending a tank flying toward Zhao.
Zhao says: "We'll be following this map to a very special location."
Zhao says: "And when we get there, we're going fishing."
Cut back to the Spirit World. Aang arrives at his starting location and jumps off Hei Bai.
Aang says: "This is where I came in, but how do I get back?"
Hei Bai stands on his hind legs and sends a beam of energy at Aang, who disappears to the physical world.
Baboon spirit says: "Good riddance."
Hei Bai, having assumed his monstrous form, shoots an intense beam from his mouth at the baboon spirit sending it flying, before reverting to his original form. Back in the physical world, cut to a view of the arch way and water.
Aang says: "Momo!"
Aang says: "Momo."
Aang says: "Oh no, where's my body?"
Aang is surrounded by energy and flies into the air. Cut to a wide-view of the entire Water Tribe city as Aang continues to fly toward the cave. Cut to close shot of Katara. Noticing Aang she turns around. Cut to shot of Appa flying in the sky as Aang shoots past overhead to the cave.
Katara says: "Look, that's gotta be Aang!"
Katara says: "Yip-yip!"
Cut to Aang entering the cave, filling it with light. Cut to Aang waking up, attempting to get out of his restraints and noticing Zuko.
Zuko says: "Welcome back."
Aang says: "It's good to be back."
Aang airbends Zuko into a wall and propelling himself backward out of the cave. Cut to cave exterior. Close-up of Aang wriggling like a worm in an attempt to get away, only to be caught by Zuko.
Zuko says: "That won't be enough to escape."
Aang says: "Appa!"
Appa lands. Katara slides off. Close-up of Zuko.
Zuko says: "Here for a rematch?"
Katara says: "Trust me Zuko, it's not going to be much of a match."
Katara uses waterbending to launch Zuko into the air before plummeting him down to the ground, knocking him out. Close-up shot of Sokka running toward Aang to untie him with Zuko lying unconscious.
Sokka says: "Hey, this is some quality rope!"
Aang says: "We need to get to the oasis; the spirits are in trouble!"
Switch to a wide-view of the area with Aang airbending himself atop Appa. Close-up shot of Aang landing on Appa.
Aang says: "Wait, we can't just leave him here."
Sokka says: "Sure we can."
Sokka says: "Let's go."
Aang says: "No, if we leave him he'll die."
Aang airbends himself off Appa and retrieves Zuko, bringing him to Appa.
Sokka says: "Yeah, this makes a lot of sense."
Sokka says: "Let's bring the guy who's constantly trying to kill us."
Appa takes off. Cut to Tui and La in the oasis lake. Zhao grabs Tui from the water, placing it in a sack. The moon goes red, followed by everything else. Cut to close-up of the now red moon. Cut to a view of the entire city turning red. Cut to Pakku who loses his waterbending and falls to the ground. Cut to a waterbender attempting to waterbend but loses his bending. Cut to three more waterbenders, bending water, but they too lose their bending. Cut to Fire Navy soldiers firebending. Cut to Appa flying with the red moon behind him. Appa groans as it cuts to the saddle.
Sokka says: "Are you okay?"
Yue says: "I feel faint."
Aang says: "I feel it, too."
Aang says: "The Moon Spirit is in trouble."
Yue says: "I owe the Moon Spirit my life."
Sokka says: "What do you mean?"
Yue says: "For the moon."
Zhao says: "Ugh..."
Zhao says: "Get it off!"
Zhao says: "Get it off!"
Cut to wide-view of oasis as Momo flies away toward the camera. Panning view of Momo landing on Aang's arm and running to his shoulder, with Katara and Sokka are behind him. Cut to Zhao and his soldiers, readying themselves for battle. Cut to Aang, Sokka and Katara readying themselves. Panning shot of the oasis.
Zhao says: "Don't bother."
Aang says: "Zhao, don't!"
Zhao says: "It's my destiny, to destroy the moon and the Water Tribe."
Iroh says: "He is right Zhao."
Zhao says: "General Iroh, why am I not surprised to discover your treachery?"
Iroh says: "I'm no traitor, Zhao, the Fire Nation needs the moon, too; we all depend on the balance."
Iroh says: "Whatever you do to that spirit I'll unleash on you ten-fold."
Iroh says: "Let it go, now!"
Zhao releases the koi fish into the oasis. Cut to close-up of Zhao as he hesitates before striking the koi fish with a fire slice out of anger. Cut to wide-view of the oasis. Cut to Iroh recoiling from the flames. Cut to Aang looking on and up at the moon. Cut to a view from the oasis to the sky as the moon fades out and the world goes gray. Cut to Zhao looking up until Iroh begins firebending at him. Zhao dodges and counters his firebending while retreating toward his firebending soldiers. They are swiftly defeated as Zhao escapes. Cut to show La circling the now dead Tui. Cut to Aang and the others looking on in disbelief and moving toward the water. Yue is seen looking on; her forward movement reveals that Zuko has escaped from behind her. Iroh picks up the dead koi fish.
Yue says: "There's no hope now, it's over."
Aang says: "No, it's not over."