The episode opens on board a Fire Nation ship where Aang finally regains consciousness. The camera zooms out on his face as he opens his eyes and rises from his bed, visibly shaken and in pain, and now with a head full of hair.
Aang says: "What happened?"
Aang says: "Oh no!"
He leaves his room, carefully creaking open the door and peering outside for any sign of Fire Nation soldiers. Using his glider as a crutch, Aang stumbles across the hall, occasionally leaning on the wall for support due to being weak. He stops at a turn in the hallway upon hearing two guards, who are actually Pipsqueak and The Duke, talking to each other.
Pipsqueak says: "You hear something?"
Pipsqueak says: "Stop!"
Pipsqueak says: "Wait!"
Aang manages to reach the deck of the ship, however, he stumbles on the stairway and drops his staff. It slides over to where Hakoda and Bato, disguised as Fire Nation soldiers, are petting Momo.
Aang says: "Momo?"
Momo runs toward Aang, jumps on his shoulder and licks his face. Toph and Katara, standing near the edge of the ship, hear the events.
Toph says: "Twinkle Toes!"
Toph says: "That's got to be you!"
Katara says: "Aang, you're awake!"
Aang says: "Are you sure?"
Aang says: "I feel like I'm dreaming."
Katara says: "You're not dreaming."
Katara says: "You're finally awake."
Sokka says: "Aang, good to see you back with the living, buddy!"
Aang says: "Sokka?"
The screen becomes black as Aang collapses to the floor, Katara running short of catching him. The shot cuts to the entire group, including Appa, surrounding Aang who is now in Katara's arms. Meanwhile, on another ship, Zuko is heading toward the Fire Nation. Mai joins him.
Mai says: "Aren't you cold?"
Zuko says: "I've got a lot on my mind."
Zuko says: "It's been so long, over three years since I was home."
Zuko says: "I wonder what's changed."
Zuko says: "I wonder how I've changed."
Mai says: "Stop worrying."
The two kiss. Mai exits, and Zuko stays there with an expression of relief on his face. We return to the ship where Team Avatar is on. Aang is awake once again. He sits in front of Katara, also sitting, surrounded by Toph and Sokka. Appa rests behind them. Aang receives a robe to cover him.
Aang says: "Why are we on a Fire Nation ship?"
Aang says: "Why is everyone dressed this way?"
Aang says: "And why am I the only one who's completely out of it?"
Katara says: "You need to take it easy, okay?"
Katara says: "You got hurt pretty bad."
Katara says: "I like your hair."
Aang says: "I have hair?"
Aang says: "How long was I out?"
Katara says: "A few weeks."
Hakoda says: "Everything okay?"
Katara says: "We're fine, Dad."
Katara says: "He knows who you are."
Katara says: "I just called you "Dad", didn't I?"
Hakoda says: "I guess you're right."
Aang says: "Nice to officially meet you, Chief Hakoda."
Hakoda says: "It's an honor to meet you."
Katara says: "Great, great, so now you guys have finally met."
Katara says: "So would you mind giving us a little privacy?"
Hakoda says: "Of course."
Aang says: "Are you mad at your dad or something?"
Katara says: "What, not at all."
Katara says: "Why would you say that?"
Aang shrugs and murmurs as if to say "I don't know." but gasps in pain.
Katara says: "Maybe we should go upstairs."
Katara says: "You need a healing session."
Back in Aang's room on the ship. Katara bends some water onto the scar left by Azula's lightning attack.
Katara says: "Tell me where the pain feels most intense."
Aang says: "Mmm, a little higher."
Aang says: "Uhhh!"
Aang briefly flashes back to the battle at Old Ba Sing Se where he rose into the Avatar State, then back to reality.
Aang says: "Wow, you're definitely in the right area there."
Katara says: "I can feel a lot of energy twisted up around there."
As Katara bends the water from Aang's scar, he suddenly jerks backward and again flashes back to the battle at Old Ba Sing Se, to the moment where he was shot by Azula's lightning. The flashback scene then changes to Katara is tearfully looking over Aang, looking comatose, flying on top of Appa as they flee Ba Sing Se. After that, he snaps back to reality.
Aang says: "I went down!"
Aang says: "I didn't just get hurt, did I?"
Aang says: "It was worse than that."
Aang says: "I was gone!"
Aang says: "But you brought me back."
Katara says: "I just used the spirit water from the North Pole."
Katara says: "I don't know what I did exactly."
Aang says: "You saved me."
Katara says: "You need to rest."
The scene switches to the Fire Nation Capital, Li and Lo addressing a crowd below.
Li says: "Your Princess Azula, clever and beautiful, disguised herself as the enemy and entered the Earth Kingdom's Capital."
Li says: "In Ba Sing Se, she found her brother Zuko, and together they faced the Avatar..."
Li says: "And the Avatar fell!"
Lo says: "And the Avatar fell!"
Li says: "And the Earth Kingdom fell!"
Lo says: "And the Earth Kingdom fell!"
Li says: "Azula's agents quickly overtook the entire city."
Li says: "They went to Ba Sing Se's great walls..."
Li says: "And brought them down!"
Lo says: "And brought them down!"
Li says: "The armies of the Fire Nation surged through the walls and swarmed over Ba Sing Se, securing our victory."
A flashback shows the Dai Li taking down Ba Sing Se's walls and the Fire Nation troops entering the city as Earth Kingdom citizens look on with fear. Tanks are seen approaching the Ba Sing Se's royal palace before flashing back to Li and Lo with Azula approaching between them.
Li says: "Now the heroes have returned home!"
Lo says: "Now the heroes have returned home!"
Lo says: "Your princess, Azula..."
Li says: "And after three long years, your prince has returned..."
Li says: "Zuko!"
Lo says: "Zuko!"
Zuko approaches with a worried expression. Crowd cheers. We now go back to Team Avatar's ship. Sokka sits on a crate with a map with the others surrounding him as he narrates past events.
Sokka says: "After what happened at Ba Sing Se, we had to get you to safety."
Sokka says: "We flew back to Chameleon Bay where we found my father and the other Water Tribe men."
Sokka says: "Soon, the bay was overrun by Fire Nation ships."
Sokka says: "Rather than fight them all, we captured a single ship and made it our disguise."
Sokka says: "Since then we've been traveling west."
Sokka says: "We crossed through the Serpent's Pass a few days ago."
Sokka says: "We've seen a few Fire Nation ships, but none have bothered us."
Aang says: "So what now?"
Hakoda says: "We've been working on a modified version of the invasion plan."
Katara says: "It's Sokka's invasion plan."
Hakoda says: "Yes, Sokka's plan."
Hakoda says: "We won't be able to mount a massive invasion without the Earth King's armies, but the solar eclipse will still leave the Fire Nation vulnerable."
Sokka says: "So we're planning a smaller invasion."
Sokka says: "Just a ragtag team of our friends and allies from around the Earth Kingdom."
Sokka says: "We already ran into Pipsqueak and The Duke."
Pipsqueak says: "Good to see you again, Aang!"
Sokka says: "And the best part is, the eclipse isn't even our biggest advantage!"
Sokka says: "You!"
Aang says: "Me?"
Sokka says: "Yep, the whole world thinks you're dead!"
Sokka says: "Isn't that great?"
Aang is shocked. Cut to Aang looking out to the water from a side of the boat.
Aang says: "The world thinks I'm dead?"
Aang says: "How is that good news?"
Aang says: "That's terrible!"
Sokka says: "No, it's great!"
Sokka says: "It means the Fire Nation won't be hunting us anymore!"
Sokka says: "And even better, they won't be expecting you on the Day of Black Sun!"
Aang says: "No, no, no, no, no."
Aang says: "You have no idea."
Aang says: "This is so messed up!"
Another Fire Nation ship approaches.
Aang says: "I'll handle this."
Aang says: "The Avatar is back."
Katara says: "Aang, wait!"
Katara says: "Remember, they don't know we're not Fire Nation!"
Sweating, Aang puts his glider away.
Hakoda says: "Everyone just stay calm."
Hakoda says: "Bato and I will take care of this."
Pipsqueak and The Duke cover Appa and Momo, while Aang, Toph, Sokka and Katara hide in a square hole.
Aang says: "I hate not being able to do anything."
Toph says: "Hopefully, you won't need to."
Crew from the other ship boards Team Avatar's ship.
Fire Navy officer says: "Commander, why are you off course?"
Fire Navy officer says: "All Western Fleet ships are supposed to be moving toward Ba Sing Se to support the occupation!"
Hakoda says: "Actually, we're from the Eastern Fleet."
Hakoda says: "We have orders to deliver some cargo."
Fire Navy officer says: "Ahhh..."
Fire Navy officer says: "Eastern Fleet."
Fire Navy officer says: "Well, nice of Admiral Chan to let us know he was sending one of his ships our way."
Bato says: "I'm sure Admiral Chan meant no disrespect, sir."
Fire Navy officer says: "I mean, how hard is it to write a quick note and send a hawk our way?"
Hakoda says: "Next time, we'll send  two hawks to make sure you get the message."
The two bow to each other, and Hakoda and Bato exit.
Guard says: "Sir..."
Guard says: "Admiral Chan has been on leave for two months at Ember Island."
Fire Navy officer says: "What?"
Fire Navy officer says: "Why doesn't anyone ever tell me anything?"
Fire Navy officer says: "Something's not right; they should have known that."
Fire Navy officer says: "I think this is a captured ship."
Fire Navy officer says: "Just stay quiet until we're safely across the ramp."
Fire Navy officer says: "Then we'll sink this ship."
Toph, hearing this, emerges.
Toph says: "They know!"
She metalbends the bridge between the ships off. The captain and his guards fall into the water. Katara creates a large wave which separates the other ship from theirs. Team Avatar's ship departs quickly. The captain and his guards from the other ship climbs back on board theirs by rope ladder. Meanwhile, back at the Fire Nation Capital, Zuko feeds turtle ducks in a lake with some bread. Azula joins him.
Azula says: "You seem so downcast."
Azula says: "Has Mai gotten to you already?"
Azula says: "Though actually, Mai has been in a strangely good mood lately."
Zuko says: "I haven't seen Dad yet."
Zuko says: "I haven't seen him in three years, since I was banished."
Azula says: "So what?"
Zuko says: "So, I didn't capture the Avatar."
Azula says: "Who cares?"
Azula says: "The Avatar is dead..."
Azula says: "unless you think he somehow miraculously survived."
Zuko flashes back to when Katara explained about her vial of spirit water in the Crystal Catacombs.
Katara says: "This is water from the spirit oasis at the north pole."
Katara says: "It has special properties so I've been saving it for something important."
Back to the present.
Zuko says: "No."
Zuko says: "There's no way he could have survived."
Azula says: "Well, then I'm sure you have nothing to worry about."
Back at the ocean. The second ship begins firing at Team Avatar's. Toph takes an earthbending stance while The Duke stands behind her to guide her.
Toph says: "Load the Toph!"
Pipsqueak drops a boulder in front of Toph who begins earthbending it at the attacking ship. It hits a catapult as another fires. others try to fight back with a series of rocks that Toph earthbends at the other ship. With The Duke's guidance, Toph earthbends another piece of rock and sends it to intercept the oncoming fireball. Aang, inside the ship with Sokka, makes a move to help but is stopped by Sokka. In frustration he bangs his head against his staff. The other ship fires a harpoon, piercing a hole in Team Avatar's ship's bottom. As water flows in, Katara, noticing this, freezes the water below to plug the hole.
Katara says: "I'm gonna give us some cover!"
She brings up vapor from the water to create a fog screen. However, a fireball makes its way through and destroys the rocks that Toph had been using.
Cut back to Aang and Sokka in the ship.
Aang says: "I just can't stand by and do nothing!"
Sokka says: "You're still hurt, and you have to stay secret!"
Sokka says: "Just let us handle this."
Aang says: "Fine."
Two fireballs hit the ship causing a fire. Katara quickly extinguishes it with waterbending.
Toph says: "How are we doing?"
Sokka says: "Things couldn't get much worse."
Sokka says: "The universe just loves proving me wrong, doesn't it?"
Toph says: "You make it too easy!"
The serpent is hit by a fireball from the other ship. In anger, it wraps itself around the other ship, allowing Team Avatar's ship to escape.
Sokka says: "Thank you, the universe!"
Team Avatar's ship arrives a port in a town. Aang is alone in his room, until the rest of the gang enter.
Toph says: "Hey, Aang!"
Toph says: "We're going into town to find some dinner."
Aang says: "Well, I am pretty hungry."
Aang says: "Maybe dinner's a good idea."
Sokka says: "Here,  tie this around your head."
Sokka says: "It will cover your arrow."
Aang says: "I'm not going out if I can't wear my arrow proudly!"
Sokka says: "Aang, come on."
Sokka says: "Be practical."
Katara says: "I think I understand why being a secret bothers you so much."
Katara says: "You don't want people to think you failed."
Aang says: "You're right, I don't."
Aang says: "But the problem is, I did fail!"
Katara says: "Aang, that's not true."
Aang says: "It is true."
Aang says: "I was in Ba Sing Se."
Aang says: "I was there!"
Aang says: "But I lost."
Aang says: "And now the Earth Kingdom is fallen for good."
Katara says: "It's not for good."
Katara says: "Remember, there's still a plan."
Katara says: "The invasion!"
Aang says: "And I hate the invasion plan, too!"
Aang says: "I don't want you or anyone else risking your lives to fix my mistakes!"
Aang says: "I've always known that I would have to face the Fire Lord."
Aang says: "But now I know I need to do it alone."
Katara says: "Aang..."
Aang says: "Katara, please!"
Aang says: "Just go..."
Aang says: "please."
Katara says: "Is there anything you need?"
Aang says: "I need to redeem myself."
Aang says: "I need my honor back."
Back at the Fire Nation Capital, Zuko returns to the royal palace and prepares to face his father, Ozai. He breathes deeply and enters. We briefly see Ozai before cutting back to Team Avatar's ship. Katara returns to Aang's room.
Katara says: "I brought you some food!"
Cut to Aang, flying on his glider. Back at the Royal Palace, Zuko bows before Ozai.
Ozai says: "You've been away for a long time."
Ozai says: "I see the weight of your travels has changed you."
Ozai says: "You have redeemed yourself, my son."
Ozai says: "Welcome home."
Aang struggles to remain in flight against his injuries. Back on the ship, Katara runs toward Bato and Hakoda. She is in tears.
Bato says: "I'll leave you two alone."
Hakoda says: "What's wrong, Katara?"
Katara says: "He left."
Hakoda says: "What?"
Katara says: "Aang."
Katara says: "He just took his glider and disappeared."
Katara says: "He has this ridiculous notion that he has to save the world alone, that it's all his responsibility."
Hakoda says: "Maybe that's his way of being brave."
Katara says: "It's not brave, it's selfish and stupid!"
Katara says: "We could be helping him and I know the world needs him, but doesn't he know how much we need him, too?"
Katara says: "How can he just leave us behind?"
Hakoda says: "You're talking about me too, aren't you?"
Katara says: "How could you leave us, Dad?"
Katara says: "I mean, I know we had Gran-Gran, and she loved us, but we were just so lost without you."
Hakoda moves to comfort her as she turns away.
Hakoda says: "I'm so sorry, Katara."
Katara says: "I understand why you left."
Katara says: "I really do, and I know that you had to go, so why do I still feel this way?"
Katara says: "I'm so sad and angry and hurt!"
Hakoda says: "I love you more than anything."
Hakoda says: "You and your brother are my entire world."
Hakoda says: "I thought about you every day when I was gone and every night when I went to sleep, I would lie awake missing you so much it would ache."
The scene switches to the Royal Palace.
Ozai says: "I am proud of you, Prince Zuko."
Ozai says: "I am proud because you and your sister conquered Ba Sing Se."
Ozai says: "I am proud because when your loyalty was tested by your treacherous uncle, you did the right thing and captured the traitor."
Ozai says: "And I am proudest of all of your most legendary accomplishment: you slayed the Avatar."
Zuko says: "What did you hear?"
Ozai says: "Azula told me everything."
Ozai says: "She said she was amazed and impressed at your power and ferocity at the moment of truth."
The scene changes back to Aang continuing his flight, struggling. He comes upon a Fire Nation blockade.
Aang says: "A blockade."
He takes a deep breath and swims under it. Upon emerging, he finds a tree bark and rides it like a surfboard through the water. A storm turns the seas very choppy. He falls off and into the water and his staff flies away. Back to the palace, Azula is asleep when Zuko enters her room.
Zuko says: "Why'd you do it?"
Azula says: "You're going to have to be a little more specific."
Zuko says: "Why did you tell Father that I was the one who killed the Avatar?"
Azula says: "Can't this wait until the morning?"
Zuko says: "It."
Zuko says: "Can't."
Azula says: "Fine."
Azula says: "You seemed so worried about how Father would treat you because you hadn't captured the Avatar."
Azula says: "I figured if I gave you the credit, you'd have nothing to worry about."
Zuko says: "But why?"
Azula says: "Call it a generous gesture."
Azula says: "I wanted to thank you for your help and I was happy to share the glory."
Zuko says: "You're lying."
Azula says: "If you say so..."
Zuko says: "You have another motive for doing this, I just haven't figured out what it is."
Azula says: "Please Zuko, what ulterior motive could I have?"
Azula says: "What could I possibly gain by letting you get all the glory for defeating the Avatar?"
Azula says: "Sleep well, Zuzu."
Back in the sea, Aang struggles to stay above water or reach his glider. After letting out a scream, a wave overcomes him and he falls into the water. He re-emerges after a brief time.
Aang says: "I'm not gonna make it."
Aang says: "I failed."
Aang says: "Roku?"
Roku says: "You haven't failed, Aang."
Aang says: "But everyone thinks I'm dead again."
Aang says: "They think I've abandoned them, and I'm losing this war."
Aang says: "I'm letting the whole world down."
Roku says: "If anyone is to blame for the state of the world, it is me."
Roku says: "I should have seen this war coming and prevented it."
Roku says: "You inherited my problems and my mistakes."
Roku says: "But I believe you are destined to redeem me and save the world."
Aang says: "I don't know."
Moonlight shines onto Aang as Yue's spirit appears above.
Yue says: "You already saved the world."
Yue says: "And you'll save the world again, but you can't give up."
The storm ends. The spirit of Roku disappears, while Yue's spirit descends toward Aang.
Aang says: "You're right."
Aang says: "I won't give up."
He creates a wave and surfs it with the tree bark. Yue's spirit watches him leave and ascends back to the moon. Aang is washed up at the base of a volcano, on the same crescent island where Roku's temple once was. Later, Momo finds him and licks his face, waking him up. Katara, Sokka, and Toph find him, reaching him via Appa. Katara runs to hug him, her worried look changing to happiness.
Katara says: "You're okay!"
They all, including Momo and Appa, come together for a group hug.
Aang says: "I have so much to do."
Katara says: "I know, but you'll have our help."
Toph says: "You didn't think you could get out of training just by coming to the Fire Nation, did you?"
Aang says: "What about the invasion?"
Sokka says: "We'll join up with my dad and the invasion force the day of the eclipse."
Toph says: "Hey!"
Toph says: "What's..."
Toph says: "oh, it's your glider."
Aang says: "It's okay."
Aang says: "If someone saw it, it would give away my identity."
Aang says: "It's better for now that no one knows I'm alive."
Flies up and sticks it in the volcano's lava trails, causing it to catch fire as they depart. Scene fades to credits.