Opening shot of the sun setting behind some tall rock outcroppings. The sky is mostly cloudy and the clouds reflect the light of the dying sun. Pan down to show a patched up tent being jostled about from the inside. A rolled up tarp lies next to the tent. Sokka is inside a tent, trying to assemble it. Sokka can be heard grunting and fussing about as he tries to finish setting up the shelter. Katara walks in the frame, her back to the camera, with a pile of fire wood in her arms.
Katara says: "Um, aren't you forgetting the tarp?"
Sokka says: "Right, got it..."
Katara says: "Sokka, you're supposed to put the tarp on top of the tent."
Katara says: "You know, so we don't get rained on?"
Sokka says: "Ordinarily, you'd be right, but seeing how it's the dry season, you're not."
Sokka says: "Besides that tarp makes a pretty warm blanket."
Katara says: "But what if it does rain?"
Sokka says: "What if it doesn't?"
Sokka says: "Then I would have put up the tarp for nothing."
Katara says: "You're infuriating!"
Sokka says: "Katara, why don't you worry about gathering firewood, because that kindling is looking pretty sorry."
Aang says: "Okay, I got the grub if you guys got the-  hey, where's the campfire?"
Aang says: "And what happened to the tent?"
Sokka says: "Why don't you ask Miss Know-It-All, Queen of the Twigs."
Katara says: "Oh yeah?"
Aang says: "Okay, listen guys, harsh words won't solve problems, action will."
Aang says: "Why don't you just switch jobs?"
Katara says: "Sounds good."
Sokka says: "Whatever."
The scene fades to show the group standing on the edge of a huge canyon.
Aang says: "There it is, guys, The Great Divide."
Sokka says: "Okay, I've seen enough."
Katara says: "How can you not be fascinated Sokka?"
Katara says: "This is the largest canyon in the entire world."
Sokka says: "Then I'm sure we'll be able to see it very clearly from the air while we fly away."
Gan Jin tribesman says: "If you're looking for the canyon guide, I was here first!"
Katara says: "Ooh, canyon guide?"
Katara says: "Sounds informative."
Gan Jin tribesman says: "Believe me, he's more than a tour guide, he's an earthbender,  and the only way in and out of the canyon is with his help, and he's taking my tribe across next."
Sokka says: "Calm down, we know you're next."
Gan Jin tribesman says: "You wouldn't be so calm if the Fire Nation destroyed your home and forced you to flee!"
Gan Jin tribesman says: "My whole tribe has to walk thousands of miles to the capital city of Ba Sing Se."
Katara says: "You're a refugee!"
Gan Jin tribesman says: "Huh, tell me something I don't know."
A large group of poorly dressed people is shown walking toward them.
Katara says: "Is that your tribe?"
Gan Jin tribesman says: "It most certainly is not!"
Gan Jin tribesman says: "That's the Zhang tribe, a bunch of low-life thieves."
Gan Jin tribesman says: "They've been the enemies of my tribe for a hundred years."
Gan Jin tribesman says: "Hey, Zhangs!"
Gan Jin tribesman says: "I'm saving a spot for my tribe so don't even think about stealing it!"
Zhang leader says: "Where are the rest of the Gan Jin?"
Zhang leader says: "Still tidying up their camp site?"
Gan Jin tribesman says: "Yes, but they sent me ahead of them to hold a spot."
Zhang leader says: "I didn't know the canyon guide took reservations."
Gan Jin tribesman says: "Ha, of course you didn't!"
Gan Jin tribesman says: "That's the ignorance I'd expect from a messy Zhang."
Gan Jin tribesman says: "So unorganized and ill-prepared for a journey."
Canyon guide says: "Sorry about the wait, youngsters."
Canyon guide says: "Who's ready to cross this here canyon?"
Katara says: "Uh, one of them, I think."
Gan Jin tribesman says: "I was here first, my party's on their way."
Canyon guide says: "I can't guide people who aren't here."
Zhang leader says: "Guess you guys will have to make the trip tomorrow."
The shot shifts to a close-up the scout, whose eyes twitch in anger. The camera zooms backward and pans left to reveal another tribe entering the canyon entrance area. The scout points to them in triumph.
Gan Jin tribesman says: "Wait, here they come!"
Zhang leader says: "You're not seriously gonna cave into these spoiled Gan Jins?"
Zhang leader says: "I mean we're refugees too!"
Zhang leader says: "And we've got sick people that need shelter."
Canyon guide says: "I..."
Canyon guide says: "uh..."
Canyon guide says: "well..."
Gan Jin tribesman says: "We've got old people who are weary from traveling."
Zhang leader says: "Sick people get priority over old people."
Gan Jin leader says: "Maybe you Zhangs wouldn't have so many sick people if you weren't such slobs."
Zhang leader says: "If you Gan Jins weren't so clean, you wouldn't live to be so old."
Katara says: "Well Aang, ready to put your peace-making skills to the test?"
Aang says: "I don't know, a fight over chores is one thing, but these people have been feuding for a hundred years."
Katara says: "Everybody listen up!"
Katara says: "This is the Avatar, and if you give him a chance, I'm sure he can come up with a compromise that will make everyone happy."
Aang says: "Uh, you could share the earthbender and travel together?"
Gan Jin leader says: "Absolutely not!"
Gan Jin leader says: "We'd rather be taken by the Fire Nation than travel with those stinking thieves!"
Zhang leader says: "We wouldn't travel with those pompous fools anyway!"
Aang says: "Sorry, Appa, you'll have to do this on your own."
Sokka says: "Aang, this feuding tribe stuff is serious business."
Sokka says: "Are you sure it's a good idea getting involved in this?"
Aang says: "To tell you the truth, I'm not sure."
Aang says: "But when have I ever been?"
Katara says: "He's the Avatar, Sokka, making peace between people is his job."
Canyon guide says: "Okay, now comes the bad news."
Gan Jin Leader says: "No food?!"
Gan Jin Leader says: "!"
Gan Jin Leader says: "This is ridiculous."
Canyon guide says: "Oh, you babies can go a day without food?"
Canyon guide says: "Would you rather be hungry, or dead?"
Canyon guide says: "Now, we're heading down in ten minutes."
Canyon guide says: "All food better be in your gut or in the garbage!"
The Zhang tribe quickly whips out and shoves food into their mouths, which stands in stark contrast to the Gan Jin tribe, who eat slowly with chopsticks.
Aang says: "Nice bending!"
Canyon guide says: "The job's much more than bending, kid."
Canyon guide says: "Folks want information."
Canyon guide says: "Many of you are probably wondering how canyons are formed."
Canyon guide says: "Experts tell us this canyon was most likely carved into the ground by earth spirits who were angry at local farmers for not offering them a proper sacrifice."
Katara and Sokka look up in fear as an avalanche of rocks comes falling toward them, and the canyon guide earthbends it away from them.
Canyon guide says: "He he he, guess the spirits are still angry!"
Canyon guide says: "Hope you all brought sacrifices."
Cut to a wide shot of the canyon floor and the canyon wall on the right side of the screen. The view pans slowly rightward before cutting to a closer, overhead shot of the group now at the bottom of the switchback trail. They have just entered the canyon floor. The guide stands in front of the two tribes and the kids. Katara, Aang, and Sokka look at each other in exasperation and the scene fades to show them standing at the bottom of the canyon next to a huge boulder.
Canyon guide says: "Okay, everyone stand clear of the wall."
Aang says: "Why'd you do that?"
Canyon guide says: "These people are fleeing the Fire Nation, aren't they?"
Canyon guide says: "Gotta make sure we can't be followed."
Canyon guide says: "We'll be safe now."
Sokka says: "We gotta help him!"
Aang says: "What was that?"
Canyon guide says: "And there's sure to be more!"
Katara says: "Your arms, they're broken!"
Canyon guide says: "Without my arms, I got no bending."
Aang says: "We're trapped in this canyon."
The camera fades to show them grouped together.
Sokka says: "I thought the whole point of ditching our food was so we wouldn't have to deal with things like canyon crawlers."
Gan Jin leader says: "It's the Zhangs!"
Gan Jin leader says: "They took food down here even after the canyon guide told them not to."
Zhang leader says: "What?"
Zhang leader says: "If there's anyone who can't go without food for a day, it's you pampered Gan Jins!"
Gan Jin leader says: "I hope you're happy."
Gan Jin leader says: "We're stuck in this canyon with no way out."
Zhang leader says: "Why don't you thank yourself, food hider?"
Zhang leader says: "I'm not walking another step with the likes of them!"
Gan Jin leader says: "Now there's something we can agree on."
Aang says: "Any ideas?"
Canyon guide says: "No bendng..."
Canyon guide says: "we need to get out of this canyon..."
Canyon guide says: "I won't die down here!"
Canyon guide says: "I won't become part of the food chain!"
Gan Jin leader says: "See!"
Gan Jin leader says: "We're going to become part of the food chain because of you!"
Zhang leader says: "Sure, unjustly blame the Zhangs like you always do!"
Gan Jin leader says: "Gladly."
Aang says: "Sokka, you go with the Zhangs and Katara, you go with the Gan Jins."
Aang says: "See if you can find out why they hate each other so much."
They split up and the camera pans to show them walking separately. The scene changes to show Sokka in the Zhang camp.
Sokka says: "So, you guys aren't going to put up your tarps?"
Zhang leader says: "What for?"
Zhang leader says: "Its the dry season."
Sokka says: "Exactly!"
Zhang leader says: "Besides, we like to use the tarp as a blanket."
Sokka says: "Finally, someone gets it!"
Katara is shown at the Gan Jin camp, where they are putting up tarps over their tents.
Katara says: "You really think it'll rain?"
Gan Jin leader says: "No, but you can never be too careful, right?"
Katara smiles and the camera fades to nightfall, where they are sitting around their campfire. The Gan Jin leader looks around and pulls a piece of bread out of his sleeve. Katara looks stunned to see all the other tribe members doing the same.
Gan Jin leader says: "Would you care for some bread, Katara?"
Katara says: "So it was you guys who had food!"
Gan Jin leader says: "Oh come now, you really think that tribe of thieves isn't smuggling food?"
Gan Jin leader says: "Why should my people go hungry when the sneaky Zhangs are stuffing their faces?"
Katara says: "So, why does your tribe hate the Zhangs so much?"
Gan Jin leader says: "You seem like a smart girl Katara, I bet you would enjoy hearing some history."
Gan Jin leader says: "Our people have never forgotten."
Gan Jin leader says: "You can never trust a Zhang."
Katara glares at the Zhang's camp and the scene fades to show the Zhang tribe and Sokka sitting around the campfire.
Zhang leader says: "Care for some meat?"
Sokka says: "Would I!"
Zhang leader says: "I know what you must be thinking, we're horrible for endangering everybody by bringing food down here."
Sokka says: "Hm-hmm."
Zhang leader says: "The Gan Jin think so badly of us, they probably assumed we brought food in and decided to bring food in themselves."
Zhang leader says: "That's why we brought food in."
Sokka says: "Hmm."
Zhang leader says: "Our conflict with the Gan Jin goes back over a hundred years."
Zhang leader says: "We Zhangs will never forget that injustice."
Sokka says: "That's just terrible."
Sokka says: "You gonna finish that?"
Fades to show Aang sitting with Momo far from both camps.
Aang says: "Sure would be nice to be sitting around one of those campfires, telling stories and laughing."
Aang says: "Its okay Momo, we'll be out of here soon enough, and then we can eat our weight in leechi nuts!"
Aang says: "Nah, I'll wait for the leechi nuts."
Canyon guide says: "Lonely isn't it, being impartial?"
Aang says: "I wish I could help these people get along, but it just seems impossible."
Aang says: "Anyhow, I guess our biggest problem is getting out of here."
Canyon guide says: "I'm not so sure the two problems are unrelated."
Aang looks away sadly and the scene fades to show the two tribes traveling again in daylight.
Canyon guide says: "All clear, we're almost to the other side."
Aang says: "Katara, Sokka, will these people cooperate long enough to get out of the canyon?"
Katara says: "I don't think so, Aang, the Zhangs really wronged the Gan Jins."
Katara says: "They ambushed Jin Wei and stole the sacred orb."
Aang says: "What are you talking about?"
Sokka says: "Yeah Katara, what are you talking about?"
Sokka says: "Wei Jin didn't steal the orb, he was returning it to their village gate and was wrongfully punished by the Gan Jin."
Katara says: "Not punished enough if you ask me."
Aang says: "Please everyone, as soon as we get out of here we can eat and then go our separate ways, but I need you all to put your heads together and figure out a way up this cliff."
Gan Jin leader says: "Maybe the Zhang can climb the wall with their long disgusting fingernails."
Zhang leader says: "Oh sorry, I forgot that to the Gan Jin unclipped fingernails is a crime punishable by twenty years in jail!"
Gan Jin leader says: "Why, you dirty thief!"
Zhang leader says: "You pompous fool!"
The tribes began to argue loudly again, accompanied by Katara and Sokka.
Aang says: "Guys, focus!"
Aang says: "How many times do I have to say it?"
Aang says: "Harsh words won't solve problems, action will!"
Zhang leader says: "Perhaps the Avatar is right."
Gan Jin leader says: "Yes, perhaps he is."
Zhang leader says: "Harsh words will never solve our problems."
Gan Jin leader says: "Action will!"
They both draw their swords and Aang yells in surprise, as they clash their swords.
Gan Jin leader says: "To the death!"
Gan Jin leader says: "And let this be the end of this rivalry!"
Aang says: "You know, I take it back."
Aang says: "Harsh words aren't so bad!"
The two leaders ignore him as they begin to fight. They are evenly matched, and continue until Aang blows them apart with a strong gust of air. The two tribes go flying backward, revealing a large amount of hidden food.
Katara says: "Oh no, that's a lot of canyon crawlers."
Sokka says: "We barely survived one!"
Canyon guide says: "They're coming back for me!"
Canyon guide says: "They've had a taste and they're coming back for me!"
Katara says: "Sokka, wait."
Katara says: "I don't care about this stupid feud, I just want us to get out of here alive."
Sokka says: "Me too."
Sokka says: "I only took their side 'cause they fed me."
The camera cuts to show Aang fighting off the canyon crawlers, and soon has them all in a pile. The crawlers pick themselves up and target the refugees. Though Aang, Katara, Sokka, and the tribe leaders fight hard to hold them off, they are vastly out numbered. Aang looks around to see the crawlers eating the food out of the bags.
Aang says: "Everyone, get off!"
Zhang leader says: "We made it!"
As soon as all the people have made it up the cliff, Aang throws the bag back down, and the crawlers follow.
Zhang leader says: "I never thought a Gan Jin could get his hands dirty like that."
Gan Jin leader says: "And I never knew you Zhangs were so reliable in a pinch."
Zhang leader says: "Perhaps we're not so different after all."
Gan Jin leader says: "Too bad we can't rewrite history."
Gan Jin leader says: "You thieves stole our sacred orb from Jin Wei!"
Zhang leader says: "You tyrants unjustly imprisoned Wei Jin for twenty long years!"
Aang says: "Wait a second..."
Aang says: "Jin Wei?"
Aang says: "Wei Jin?"
Aang says: "I know those guys!"
Gan Jin leader says: "Yes, yes, we're all aware of the story."
Aang says: "No, I mean I really knew them."
Aang says: "I might not look it, but I'm a hundred and twelve years old."
Aang says: "I was there one hundred years ago on the day you're talking about."
Aang says: "There was no stealing and no putting anyone in imprison, it was just a game."
Zhang leader says: "You're saying the sacred orb was actually a sacred ball?"
Aang says: "Nope, just a regular ball."
Gan Jin man says: "What about our tribe's redemption ritual?"
Aang says: "That's what the game was called, redemption."
Aang says: "As soon as you got the ball from one end to the other, everyone would yell "redemption"!"
Aang says: "Don't get me wrong, Wei Jin was kind of a slob and Jin Wei was a little stuffy, that much is true."
Aang says: "But they respected each other's differences enough to share the same playing field."
Zhang leader says: "I suppose it's time we forget the past."
Gan Jin leader says: "And look to the future."
The Zhang leader bows back and Aang looks at them happily. The scene fades to show them standing with Appa.
Aang says: "Good to see you, boy."
Aang says: "Did you miss me?"
Gan Jin leader says: "I cannot thank you enough, Avatar."
Aang says: "Well, you know I try."
Gan Jin leader says: "Ugh!"
Fades to show the two tribes standing together.
Zhang leader says: "Let us travel to the Earth Kingdom capital as one tribe."
Canyon guide says: "I'm going too!"
Canyon guide says: "I'm sick of this place!"
Sokka says: "That's some luck you knew Jin Wei and Wei Jin."
Aang says: "You could call it luck."
Aang says: "Or you could call it lying."
Sokka says: "What?"
Aang says: "I made the whole thing up."
Katara says: "That is so wrong."
Aang says: "Now where is that custard tart?"
Aang says: "I'm starving!"
Fades to credits.