The episode opens in a forest while Momo suddenly appears, jumping from a tree to another tree. A mysterious figure is seen following him, and Momo lands on a roadside kiosk, while Team Avatar is arriving at it.
Katara says: "This should give us a good idea of what's around here."
Aang says: "I bet we'll find something to eat here,  This would be a great place for me to study some real firebenders."
Sokka says: "You might wanna rethink that."
Sokka says: "Look at this."
Aang says: "Hey, a poster of me!"
Sokka says: "A wanted poster!"
Sokka says: "This is bad."
Katara says: "I think we better keep moving."
Aang says: "I have to learn firebending at some point and this could be my only chance to watch a master's up close."
Katara says: "We'll wear disguises and if it looks like trouble, we'll leave."
Sokka says: "Yeah!"
Sokka says: "Because we always leave before we get into trouble."
Aang says: "Ready disguises!"
Sokka and Katara put on their black cloaks while Aang pulls his orange shawl over his head with a smile on his face making him look ridiculous.
Aang says: "Let's go."
The gang looks around seeing everyone in masks.
Katara says: "I think we need some new disguises."
Sokka says: "Where are we gonna get masks like that?"
Mask dealer says: "Get your genuine Fire Festival masks here!"
Sokka says: "That was surprisingly easy."
The gang chooses three masks. Katara chooses a lady with makeup, Sokka a blue smiling mask with petals around the rim, and Aang who chooses a red mask with a frown on it. Katara removes Sokka's mask, revealing him to be frowning, and Aang's mask, revealing him to be the one smiling. She places Sokka's original mask over Aang's face and Aang's over Sokka.
Aang says: "Hey, there's some food."
Sokka says: "Finally!"
Sokka says: "What do you have?"
Shop keeper says: "Flaming fire flakes!"
Shop keeper says: "Best in town."
Sokka says: "I'll take'em!"
Sokka gobbles down the fire flakes, but has a spasm from the spiciness.
Sokka says: "Aaahhh!"
Sokka says: "Hot!"
Sokka says: "Hot!"
Katara says: ""Flaming fire flakes", hot?"
Katara says: "What do you know?"
Aang says: "Hey, look at this."
Puppet Fire Lord says: "Don't worry loyal citizens!"
Puppet Fire Lord says: "No one can surprise the Fire Lord!"
Katara says: "Aang, hold on!"
Katara says: "Where are we going?"
Aang says: "I don't know, but there's a big crowd so it must be good."
Sokka says: "Knowing the Fire Nation, it's probably an execution."
Aang says: "I gotta learn that trick!"
Malu says: "Thank you!"
Malu says: "For my next trick I need a volunteer from the audience!"
Aang says: "Oh!"
Aang says: "Oh!"
Aang says: "Me!"
Aang says: "Me!"
Sokka says: "What do you think you're doing?"
Aang says: "I want to get a closer look."
Katara says: "It's better that we don't attract any attention to ourselves."
Malu says: "How about you, little lady?"
Katara says: "Uh."
Malu says: "Awww, she's shy."
Malu says: "Leeet's give her some encouragement, folks!"
Aang says: "Awww!"
Aang says: "That could've been me."
Malu says: "This next trick is called "Taming the Dragon."
Malu says: ""  You will be my captured princess!"
Malu says: "Don't worry, young maiden!"
Malu says: "I will tame this fiery beast!"
Malu says: "It's too strong, I can't hold it!"
Aang says: "We gotta help her!"
Sokka says: "No, we don't want to make a scene!"
Malu says: "The rope, it's breaking!"
Malu says: "Hey, you tryin' to upstage me, kid?"
Aang starts doing a goofy dance as everyone boos at him for ruining the trick.
Citizen says: "Hey!"
Citizen says: "That kid's the Avatar!"
Sokka says: "I think it's time to go."
Chey says: "Follow me!"
Chey says: "I can get you outta here!"
Guard says: "There they are!"
Chey throws a series of explosives at the Fire Nation soldiers that are chasing them.
Guard says: "Over there!"
Aang says: "I'm calling Appa."
Sokka says: "I hope he can really hear that bison whistle!"
Chey says: "Okay!"
Chey says: "Not this way!"
They make another turn, but the way they came is blocked by guards. Chey throws another smoke bomb and runs past them into another alley. They group comes across another dead end where there is an enormous supply of fireworks. Cut to an overhead shot that reveals Appa has arrived in the nick of time.
Aang says: "Appa!"
Aang says: "Down here!"
Appa lands between the kids and the guards, with his backside facing the guards. Appa airbends a gale force wind which results in the guards getting blown out of sight. As the guards run back into the alley, Appa has already taken off. Cut to Chey, he bites the top off a bomb to light it. He throws it at the fireworks supply and it blows up creating a beautiful display of fireworks. Cut to Chey removing his hood as they cruise away.
Aang says: "Nice touch setting off the fireworks."
Sokka says: "You really know your explosives..."
Chey says: "I'm familiar."
Sokka says: "You're a Fire Nation Soldier!"
Chey says: "Was."
Chey says: "My name's Chey."
The group lands and makes camp.
Chey says: "I serve a man."
Chey says: "More than a man really, he's a myth, but he's real, a living legend, Jeong Jeong the Deserter."
Chey says: "He was a Fire Nation general, or wait, was he an admiral?"
Sokka says: "He was very highly ranked, we get it."
Chey says: "Yeah!"
Chey says: "Way up there!"
Chey says: "But he couldn't take the madness any more."
Chey says: "He's the first person ever to leave the army - and live."
Chey says: "I'm the second, but you don't get to be a legend for that."
Chey says: "That's okay though."
Chey says: "Jeong Jeong's a firebending genius."
Chey says: "Some say he's mad - but he's not!"
Chey says: "He's enlightened."
Aang says: "You mean there's a firebender out here who's not with the Fire Lord?"
Aang says: "We've gotta go see him!"
Aang says: "He can train me!"
Sokka says: "We're not gonna go find some crazy firebender!"
Chey says: "He's not crazy!"
Chey says: "He's a genius!"
Chey says: "And he's the perfect person to train the Avatar!"
Chey says: "That's why I followed you into the festival."
Sokka says: "Look, thanks for the help, but we're leaving for the North Pole in the morning."
Aang says: "Sokka, this could be my only chance to meet a firebending master who would actually be willing to teach me."
Katara says: "It can't hurt just to talk to him."
Sokka says: "That's what you said about going to the festival!"
Sokka says: "Why doesn't anyone ever listen to me?"
As Sokka turns to pout, he almost runs right into a spear. In a flash, they are surrounded by men wearing straw hats, light armor, wearing tribal make up, and wielding spears.
Lin Yee says: "Don't move!"
The tribal folks escort them to their settlement.
Lin Yee says: "Jeong Jeong told you not to look for Avatar!"
Sokka says: "Hold on, you know these guys?"
Chey says: "Oh yeh!"
Chey says: "Lin Yee's an old buddy!"
Chey says: "Right, Lin Yee?"
Lin Yee says: "Shut up!"
Lin Yee says: "Keep moving."
Down the hill, there is a little cottage with leaves and logs.
Lin Yee says: "Go on."
Lin Yee says: "He sees you only."
Chey says: "Oh that's okay, we can chat later."
Aang says: "Is that where Jeong Jeong is?"
Aang says: "I need to talk to him right away."
Aang tries to move forward, but it stopped by a spear shaft.
Lin Yee says: "No!"
Lin Yee says: "You wait there."
Lin Yee says: "Go now!"
Chey says: "Don't worry!"
Chey says: "Everything'll be fine."
Chey says: "He's a great man, great man!"
Chey walks toward Jeong Jeong's cottage. Back in the Fire Days Festival in the now deserted central square of the town where some guards are being interrogated by Admiral Zhao who is accompanied by a few guards himself.
Zhao says: "So, the Avatar was here and you let him slip away?"
Guard captain says: "No fights."
Guard captain says: "Theft was way down."
Zhao says: "I don't care about your local crime rates!"
Zhao says: "Which way did they go?"
Guard captain says: "They headed into the forest, up the river I suspect."
Zhao says: "Ready the river boats."
Zhao says: "We're going after the Avatar."
Back in the settlement, Chey exits Jeong Jeong's cottage. He arrives back where Aang and the others are fast asleep. Everyone wakes up instantly as Chey approaches.
Aang says: "What happened?"
Aang says: "Can I see Jeong Jeong now?"
Chey says: "He won't see you."
Chey says: "He's very angry that I brought you here."
Chey says: "He wants you to leave immediately."
Sokka says: "Finally!"
Sokka says: "Let's hit the road."
Aang says: "Why won't he see me?"
Chey says: "He says you're not ready."
Chey says: "Says you haven't mastered waterbending and earthbending yet."
Aang says: "Wait, how does he know that?"
Chey says: "He saw the way you walked into camp."
Chey says: "He could tell."
Aang says: "I'm going in, anyway!"
Aang walks to Jeong Jeong's cottage. He takes a deep breath, parts the curtain, and walks into the darkness. Cut to a dark figure seated cross legged amidst a semicircle of candles, his back to Aang.
Jeong Jeong says: "Get out."
Aang says: "Master, I need to learn firebending."
Jeong Jeong says: "Only a fool seeks his own destruction."
Jeong Jeong says: "Destiny?"
Jeong Jeong says: "What would a boy know of destiny?"
Jeong Jeong says: "If a fish lives its whole life in this river, does he know the river's destiny?"
Jeong Jeong says: "No!"
Jeong Jeong says: "Only that it runs on and on out of his control!"
Jeong Jeong says: "He may follow where it flows, but he cannot see the end."
Jeong Jeong says: "He cannot imagine the ocean."
Aang says: "Okay, but it's the Avatar's duty to master all of the bending disciplines."
Jeong Jeong says: "To master the bending disciplines, you must first master discipline itself."
Jeong Jeong says: "But you have no interest in this, so I have no interest in you!"
Jeong Jeong says: "Now, get out."
Aang says: "Please, I have to learn."
Aang says: "This could be my only chance."
Jeong Jeong says: "Are you deaf?"
Jeong Jeong says: "How can I teach you if you refuse to listen?"
Jeong Jeong says: "Before learning firebending you must learn water and earth."
Jeong Jeong says: "Water is cool and soothing, earth is steady and stable, but fire, fire is alive!"
Jeong Jeong says: "It breathes, it grows."
Jeong Jeong says: "Without the bender, a rock will not throw itself!"
Jeong Jeong says: "But fire will spread and destroy everything in its path if one does not have the will to control it!"
Jeong Jeong says: "That is its destiny!"
Jeong Jeong says: "You are not ready!"
Jeong Jeong says: "You are too weak!"
At this final gesture the candles around Jeong Jeong violently flame up to illuminate the entire hut before quickly going out. A vision in front of Jeong Jeong begins, as one candle is seen lit in front of the firebender. A tree is in the background behind the Deserter. In front of him, stands Avatar Roku.
Roku says: "You think I am weak?"
Jeong Jeong says: "Avatar Roku!"
Jeong Jeong says: "No, No!"
Jeong Jeong says: "I did not mean that."
Roku says: "I have mastered the elements a thousand times in a thousand lifetimes."
Roku says: "Now, I must do it once again."
Roku says: "You will teach the Avatar  firebending."
Jeong Jeong says: "Yes, yes, I will teach you."
Aang says: "Really?"
Aang says: "That's great!"
In the morning outside of Jeong Jeong's cottage. Sokka is sitting on a boulder by the river, fishing. The screen pans up the river where Katara is practicing waterbending before switching to Aang and Jeong Jeong in front of the cottage. Aang stands, bandy legged, on a flat stone in the river. Jeong Jeong stands a foot or two away on the bank in front of his cottage.
Jeong Jeong says: "Widen your stance."
Jeong Jeong says: "Wider!"
Jeong Jeong says: "Bend your knees."
Jeong Jeong says: "Now, concentrate."
Jeong Jeong says: "Good, good!"
Aang says: "Wait!"
Aang says: "What do I do now?"
Jeong Jeong says: "Even that oaf knows to concentrate on what he's doing!"
Sokka says: "Hey!"
Aang says: "But what am I concentrating on?"
Jeong Jeong says: "Feel the heat of the sun."
Jeong Jeong says: "It is the greatest source of fire."
Jeong Jeong says: "Yet, it is in complete balance with nature!"
Aang says: "So when do I get to make some fire?"
Jeong Jeong says: "Concentrate!"
Aang breathes and is embarrassed as his friends laugh at him from behind. He turns to look at them, but they stop instantly, as he tries to innocent. Cut to a long shot of the figures in the distance climbing the slope of a mountain. Cut to a close-up shot of Aang and Jeong Jeong walking up the path to the mountain's summit.
Aang says: "Are we coming up here so I don't burn anything with my fire blasts?"
Jeong Jeong says: "No fire yet."
Aang says: "What?"
Jeong Jeong says: "Power in firebending comes from the breath."
Jeong Jeong says: "That is why you must master proper breath control."
Aang says: "You brought me up here to breathe?"
Jeong Jeong says: "Assume your stance."
Aang assumes the proper stance.
Jeong Jeong says: "Wider."
Aang says: "You're not even look—"
Jeong Jeong says: "Wider!"
Jeong Jeong says: "Now, inhale through the nose and exhale through the mouth - without talking."
Jeong Jeong says: "Good."
Jeong Jeong says: "Keep going."
Jeong Jeong walks down the path and out of the frame as Aang continues to breathe, a look of fierce concentration on his face. Cut to a view of Aang's lower body as he parts the curtain into Jeong Jeong's cottage.
Jeong Jeong says: "What are you doing here?"
Jeong Jeong says: "I did not tell you to stop!"
Aang says: "I've been breathing for hours!"
Jeong Jeong says: "You want to stop breathing?"
Aang says: "I want you to stop wasting my time!"
Aang says: "I already know how to squat and breathe and feel the sun!"
Aang says: "I wanna know how to shoot fire out of my fingertips!"
Jeong Jeong says: "Learn restraint, or risk destroying yourself and everything you love."
After several hours Jeong Jeong finds Aang in front of the hut meditating.
Aang says: "I thought about what you said, I promise I'll be more patient."
Jeong Jeong says: "We're going to work with fire now."
Aang says: "Oh yeah!"
Aang says: "I mean, let us begin."
Jeong Jeong grabs a falling leaf and burns the center.
Jeong Jeong says: "Concentrate on the fire."
Jeong Jeong says: "I want you to keep the flame from reaching the edges of the leaf for as long as you can."
Tribal man says: "Master!"
Tribal man says: "There is trouble."
Aang says: "What's going on?"
Jeong Jeong says: "Concentrate on your leaf!"
Aang says: "This is the worst firebending instruction ever!"
Aang says: "All he does is leave me for hours to concentrate or breathe!"
Katara says: "I'm sure there's a good reason."
Aang says: "But I'm ready to do so much more."
Aang remembers to concentrate on his leaf and gets into a stance and breaths. Moments later, the leaf burns up creating a small flame.
Aang says: "I did it!"
Aang says: "I made fire!"
Katara says: "Aang, that's great, but you should take it slow."
Aang starts playing with it by tossing it back and forth from in front to behind himself. He makes a blast go in the opposite direction.
Aang says: "Now that's some firebending!"
Katara says: "Aang, you'll hurt yourself!"
Aang says: "I wonder how that juggler did it."
Aang tosses it into the air and spreads his arms out. For a second, he has a smile on his face, but it vanishes as he accidentally burns Katara's hands. Katara shrieks in pain.
Aang says: "Katara!"
Aang says: "I'm so sorry!"
Sokka comes running to Katara's side.
Sokka says: "What did you do?!"
Sokka says: "!"
Aang says: "It was an accident!"
Aang says: "I was, uh..."
Sokka tackles Aang.
Sokka says: "I told you we shouldn't mess around with this!"
Sokka says: "Look what you did!"
Sokka says: "You burned my sister!"
Sokka says: "This is all your fault!"
Jeong Jeong says: "I know!"
Jeong Jeong says: "Now pack your things."
Jeong Jeong says: "You must leave immediately."
Katara runs off.
Aang says: "I'm sorry, I didn't..."
The scene cuts to Katara who is sulking by a creek due to the pain of her burns. She dips her hands in; they glow briefly, and a few seconds later her hands are healed.
Jeong Jeong says: "You have healing abilities."
Jeong Jeong says: "The great benders of the Water Tribe sometimes have this ability."
Jeong Jeong says: "I've always wished I were blessed like you - free from this burning curse."
Katara says: "But you're a great master."
Katara says: "You have powers that I will never know."
Jeong Jeong says: "Water brings healing and life."
Jeong Jeong says: "But fire brings only destruction and pain."
Jeong Jeong says: "It forces those of us burdened with its care to walk a razor's edge between humanity and savagery."
Jeong Jeong says: "Eventually, we are torn apart."
Suddenly the water is front of them is blasted with flames. Jeong Jeong gets up and gets into a defensive bending stance and breaks the flames that wash over him and Katara. The screen changes to a frontal shot of Zhao's riverboats coming toward them before switching back to Katara and Jeong Jeong.
Jeong Jeong says: "Go get your friends and flee!"
Jeong Jeong says: "Do not come back here or you will all be destroyed."
Jeong Jeong says: "Hurry!"
Jeong Jeong faces the boats that land harmlessly around him. The screen shows Zhao looking ahead through a telescope from the main deck of his ship. He lowers it and smiles. The screen goes back to Jeong Jeong produces a large wall of fire in front of the ships. An overhead shot of the ships is shown; the boats turn to land on the beach. The screen goes back to the front of the beach. Zhao comes into view.
Zhao says: "Don't worry, men."
Zhao says: "My old teacher gave up fighting a long time ago."
Zhao says: "Haven't you, Master Jeong Jeong?"
The screen goes for a close of Jeong Jeong's face, and a wide shot as he drops the wall of fire. Cut to Katara running up to where Sokka is preparing Appa to leave.
Sokka says: "Katara!"
Sokka says: "Are you all right?"
Katara says: "I'm fine, we've got to get out of here."
Katara says: "Where's Aang?"
Katara enters the cottage to find Aang sulking.
Aang says: "Jeong Jeong tried to tell me that I wasn't ready."
Aang says: "I wouldn't listen."
Aang says: "I'm never going to firebend again."
Katara says: "You'll have to eventually."
Aang says: "No, never again."
Katara says: "It's okay, Aang."
Katara says: "I'm healed."
Aang says: "What?"
Aang says: "How?"
Katara says: "I'll explain later."
Katara says: "But right now, we have to get out here."
Katara says: "Zhao and his soldiers are attacking!"
Aang says: "Where?"
Katara says: "By the river."
Katara says: "They captured Jeong Jeong."
Aang says: "I have to help him!"
The screen switches to an overhead shot of the beach. Zhao and his men stand against Jeong Jeong, before cutting to a closer shot.
Zhao says: "Look at you."
Zhao says: "You were once so great."
Zhao says: "I can't believe my former master has become nothing more than a simple savage."
Jeong Jeong says: "It is you who have embraced savagery, Zhao."
Zhao says: "It's Admiral Zhao, now."
Jeong Jeong says: "That title will not help you against the Avatar."
Jeong Jeong says: "Do not try to fight him!"
Jeong Jeong says: "You are no match!"
Zhao says: "I think I can handle a child."
Jeong Jeong says: "I have never seen such raw power..."
Aang says: "Jeong Jeong!"
Zhao says: "We'll see."
Zhao says: "Men!"
Zhao says: "Take the deserter!"
Cut to overhead shot of Jeong Jeong surrounded by five firebenders. Aang tops short in horror as they close in. Jeong Jeong smirks and wraps himself in a ball of flames. When the flames completely dissipates Jeong Jeong is nowhere to be seen.
Zhao says: "Let's find out what my old master has taught you."
Aang says: "You were Jeong Jeong's student?!"
Aang says: "!"
Zhao says: "Until I got bored."
Zhao throws a fireball at Aang.
Zhao says: "I see he taught you how to duck and run like a coward."
Zhao says: "But I doubt he showed you what a firebender is truly capable of!"
Aang says: "Whoa!"
Aang says: "Wild shot!"
Zhao says: "I'll show you wild!"
Aang looks over to the side where Zhao just burned.
Aang says: "No self-control..."
Zhao says: "Stand and fight, Avatar!"
Aang says: "Oh, were we fighting?"
Aang says: "I thought you were just getting warmed up!"
Zhao fires many more fireballs which all miss.
Aang says: "Is that all you got?"
Aang says: "Man, they'll make anyone an admiral these days!"
Aang says: "Sloppy."
Aang says: "Very sloppy."
Zhao says: "Nowhere to run now, you little smart mouth!"
Aang says: "You've lost this battle."
Zhao says: "Are you crazy?"
Zhao says: "You haven't thrown a single blow!"
Aang says: "No, but you have."
Aang says: "Have a nice walk home!"
Sokka says: "Aang, come on!"
Sokka says: "Let's go!"
Cut a shot from behind Aang, who is now looking at the river bank beach. Aang hops on Appa and they fly away.
Aang says: "Wait!"
Aang says: "Where's Jeong Jeong?"
Sokka says: "He disappeared."
Sokka says: "They all did."
Aang says: "Wow, that's good water."
Sokka says: "When did you learn that?"
Katara says: "I guess I always knew."
Sokka says: "Or that time I had two fishhooks in my thumb!"
Aang says: "Two?"
Katara says: "He tried to get the first fishhook out with another fishhook."
Sokka says: "Oh, and the time that mink snake bit me!"
Sokka says: "Thanks for healing that up."
Sokka says: "That was great."
Sokka says: "Really helpful."
Fade to credits.