Ostrich horses are drinking water from a river as Appa, Aang, and Sokka fly over them.
Sokka says: "So, what kind of trouble is Katara in?"
Aang says: "I don't know."
Aang says: "In my vision, I just knew she needed help."
Sokka says: "It would be nice if your Avatar powers could be just a little more specific from time to time."
Sokka says: "What is that?"
They fly down and follow the mound. Toph is seen still earth surfing. Aang and Sokka come down beside her.
Sokka says: "Need a ride?"
Toph becomes startled at the sound of Sokka's voice and falls backward off of the mound. Sokka and Aang cringe upon seeing her fall. Scene changes to Azula speaking to the Dai Li.
Azula says: "That is all."
The Dai Li leave, and Azula walks up to Ty Lee, who is pouring tea.
Ty Lee says: "Nice speech, Azula."
Ty Lee says: "It was pretty and poetic, but also scary in a good way."
Mai says: "Yeah."
Mai says: "I thought you were going to make that one guy pee his pants."
Azula says: "There are still a few loose ends."
Azula says: "The Avatar, and my brother and uncle."
Scene fades to outside the Royal Palace, where Zuko and Iroh begin walking toward it.
Iroh says: "Many times I imagined myself here, at the threshold of the palace."
Iroh says: "But I always thought I would be here as a conqueror."
Iroh says: "Instead, we are the Earth King's personal guests, here to serve him tea."
Iroh says: "Destiny is a funny thing."
Zuko says: "It sure is, Uncle."
Scene changes back to Appa, Toph, Aang, and Sokka still flying back to the Palace. Toph is seen holding onto Sokka's arm so she does not fall.
Toph says: "So how did it go with the guru?"
Toph says: "Did you master the Avatar State?"
Aang says: "Uh..."
Aang looks down and thinks back to what Guru Pathik said before he left.
Pathik says: "If you leave now, you won't be able to go into the Avatar State at all!"
Fades back to the present.
Sokka says: "Aang, are you okay?"
Aang says: "I'm great!"
Aang says: "It went great with the guru."
Aang says: "I completely mastered the Avatar State."
Aang says: "Yeah."
Scene changes back to the Royal Palace, where Zuko and Iroh are sitting at a table in a room, waiting for the Earth King. Iroh pours some tea into a cup.
Zuko says: "What's taking so long?"
Iroh says: "Maybe the Earth King overslept."
Dai Li agents begin to circle around the two.
Zuko says: "Something's not right."
Azula walks past the Dai Li and comes in front of her brother outside the circle of Dai Li agents.
Azula says: "It's tea time!"
Zuko says: "Azula!"
Azula says: "Have you met the Dai Li?"
Azula says: "They're earthbenders, but they have a killer instinct that's so firebender."
Azula says: "I just love it."
Camera pans over to show Iroh picking up his cup of tea.
Iroh says: "Did I ever tell you how I got the nickname "The Dragon of the West"?"
Azula says: "I'm not interested in a lengthy anecdote, Uncle."
Iroh says: "It's more of a demonstration, really."
Iroh begins drinking his tea. Zuko looks over at him and smiles before going behind him. Iroh begins breathing fire. Cut to a corridor outside the room as a fire blast makes a hole in the wall, allowing Iroh and Zuko to escape. The Dai Li agents begin shooting some rock gloves at them, but miss as Zuko and Iroh turn around the corner. Iroh generates lightning and destroys the wall in front before jumping down, yelling, into a bush below. Zuko stops at the edge.
Iroh says: "Come on!"
Iroh says: "You'll be fine!"
Zuko says: "No!"
Zuko says: "I'm tired of running!"
Zuko says: "It's time I faced Azula!"
Zuko turns around and walks back. Iroh smacks his head upon hearing this and runs away.
Azula says: "You're so dramatic."
Azula says: "What?"
Azula says: "Are you going to challenge me to an Agni Kai?"
Zuko says: "Yes!"
Zuko says: "I challenge you!"
Azula says: "No thanks."
Zuko shoots a fire blast toward her, but two Dai Li agents intervene and pull up a section of the floor, making a wall. They shoot some rock gloves at Zuko's feet, making him lose his balance. He puts his right hand down, but another rock glove traps that one. Azula turns around smiling and walks away as the agents capture him. Scene changes to inside the throne room, where Sokka, Toph, and Aang confront Kuei.
Kuei says: "Katara's fine."
Kuei says: "You have nothing to worry about."
Aang says: "But, in my vision, I felt so sure she was in trouble."
Kuei says: "Well, she met with the Council of Generals to plan the invasion, and since then, she been off with your friends, the Kyoshi Warriors."
Sokka says: "See, Aang?"
Sokka says: "She's with Suki."
Sokka says: "They're probably back at our apartment right now talking about make-up or something."
Aang says: "Okay."
Aang says: "Maybe you're right."
Kuei says: "Believe me, if there was any danger at all, Bosco's animal instincts would sense it."
Bosco lifts up his head from sleeping to look at the three. Scene changes to inside the Crystal Catacombs, where Katara is pacing back and forth. She stops pacing upon hearing a hole open up above.
Dai Li agent says: "You've got company."
He throws Zuko in, who rolls down and lands in front of Katara.
Katara says: "Zuko!"
Katara's shocked face becomes an angry one as Zuko sits up, looking back at her with surprise, and the hole closes behind him. The scene changes to Toph, Aang, and Sokka reaching their house on Appa. The three jump off and run inside to see if Katara was in there. Momo runs up to them.
Aang says: "Momo!"
Momo climbs up Aang onto his shoulders. Toph looks around.
Toph says: "There's no one else here."
Aang says: "Katara is in trouble!"
Aang says: "I knew it!"
Sokka says: "Oh, no!"
Toph says: "Wait!"
Toph says: "Someone's at the door."
Toph says: "Glad to see you're okay."
Iroh says: "I need your help."
Sokka and Aang become shocked and angry upon seeing him, and get into a fighting stance. Toph calmly smiles and waves at him. Momo flies away upon seeing him.
Aang says: "You guys know each other?"
Toph says: "I met him in the woods once and knocked him down."
Toph says: "Then he gave me some tea and some very good advice."
Iroh says: "May I come in?"
Iroh says: "Princess Azula is here in Ba Sing Se."
Aang says: "She must have Katara."
Iroh says: "She has captured my nephew as well."
Aang says: "Then we'll work together to fight Azula, and save Katara and Zuko."
Sokka says: "Whoa there!"
Sokka says: "You lost me at "Zuko"."
Iroh says: "I know how you must feel about my nephew."
Iroh says: "But believe me when I tell you that there is good inside him."
Sokka says: ""Good inside him" isn't enough!"
Sokka says: "Why don't you come back when it's outside him too, okay?"
Aang says: "Katara's in trouble."
Aang says: "All of Ba Sing Se is in trouble."
Aang says: "Working together is our best chance."
Sokka understands, and nods. Iroh begins walking back to the door.
Iroh says: "I brought someone along who might help us."
They all walk outside. Toph puts a couple earth pillars around the nervous Dai Li agent and makes him stand up. Iroh walks over to him and takes the gag off his mouth, revealing this to be the scarred agent.
Captured agent says: "Azula and Long Feng are plotting a coup!"
Captured agent says: "They're going to overthrow the Earth King!"
Sokka says: "My sister!"
Sokka says: "Where are they keeping Katara?"
Captured agent says: "In the Crystal Catacombs of Old Ba Sing Se, deep beneath the palace."
Iroh, Aang, Toph, and Sokka run away to help Katara and the Earth King, leaving the captured agent bound. Scene fades to the jail where Long Feng is. He meditates in his cell while a Dai Li agent informs him of what is going on.
Head of the Dai Li says: "The movements of the Earth King and all the generals have been plotted out step-by-step."
Long Feng says: "Good."
Long Feng says: "And the Fire Nation princess is cooperating?"
Head of the Dai Li says: "Oh, yes."
Head of the Dai Li says: "More than cooperating."
Head of the Dai Li says: "She's really taken charge."
Head of the Dai Li says: "She's terrifying and inspirational at the same time."
Head of the Dai Li says: "It's hard to explain."
The Dai Li agent walks away. Scene changes to inside the Crystal Catacombs, where Katara is yelling at Zuko, who sits with his back turned.
Katara says: "Why did they throw you in here?"
Katara says: "Oh, wait, let me guess."
Katara says: "It's a trap."
Katara says: "So that when Aang shows up to help me, you can finally have him in your little Fire Nation clutches!"
Zuko turns his head to look at her, turns back, and looks at the ground again.
Katara says: "You're a terrible person!"
Katara says: "You know that?"
Katara says: "Always following us!"
Katara says: "Hunting the Avatar!"
Katara says: "Trying to capture the world's last hope for peace!"
Katara says: "But what do you care?"
Katara says: "You're the Fire Lord's son."
Katara says: "Spreading war and violence and hatred is in your blood!"
Zuko says: "You don't know what you're talking about!"
Katara says: "The Fire Nation took my mother away from me."
Zuko says: "That's something we have in common."
Katara looks back, surprised, and wipes away the tears from her eyes. The scene changes to Toph feeling the ground below, finding the Crystal Catacombs.
Toph says: "Well, what'd you know?"
Toph says: "There is an ancient city down there."
Toph says: "But it's deep."
She makes a tunnel through the ground, beginning to lead to the catacombs. Sokka is seen thinking of a plan.
Sokka says: "We should split up."
Sokka says: "Aang, you go with Iroh to look for Katara and the angry jerk,  no offense."
Iroh says: "None taken."
Sokka says: "And I'll go with Toph to warn the Earth King of Azula's coup."
Aang and Iroh are seen walking through the tunnel down to the Catacombs. Iroh is bending a small fire for light, and Aang is earthbending the way down.
Aang says: "So, Toph thinks you give pretty good advice, and great tea!"
Iroh says: "The key to both is proper aging."
Iroh says: "What's on your mind?"
Aang earthbends again before replying.
Aang says: "Well, I met with this guru who was supposed to help me master the Avatar State and control this great power, but to do it, I had to let go of someone I love."
Aang says: "And I just couldn't."
Iroh says: "Perfection and power are overrated."
Iroh says: "I think you were very wise to choose happiness and love."
Aang says: "What happens if we can't save anyone and beat Azula?"
Aang says: "Without the Avatar State, what if I'm not powerful enough?"
Iroh says: "I don't know the answer."
Iroh says: "Sometimes, life is like this dark tunnel."
Iroh says: "You can't always see the light at the end of the tunnel, but if you just keep moving,  you will come to a better place."
Camera pans over a large area of the Catacombs. Scene changes to Toph and Sokka climbing the stairs, with Momo flying behind them.
Sokka says: "There's General How!"
Sokka puts his arm out in front of Toph and pulls her behind a pillar. General How continues walking toward the stairs. The Dai Li agents can be seen hiding beside the pillars before putting cuffs on his wrists and pulling him down to his knees. Another agent drops in front of How.
How says: "What's going on here?!"
How says: "!"
Dai Li agent says: "You're under house arrest."
Sokka says: "The coup is happening right now!"
Sokka says: "We've gotta warn the Earth King!"
Sokka, Toph, and Momo run to head to the Earth King. One of the generals is seen walking when some chains fly up and trap him. General Sung is taken by some chains into a dark area. Two other generals are seen in their headquarters when the Dai Li toss some chains to circle around their legs and pull them up. Scene changes to the throne room, where Toph, Sokka, and Momo have just reached the Earth King.
Sokka says: "Thank goodness we're in time!"
Kuei says: "In time for what?"
Ty Lee says: "Yeah."
Ty Lee says: "What are you in time for,  cutie?"
Sokka says: "Uh, I'm kinda involved with Suki."
Ty Lee says: "Who?"
Toph knocks her away from Sokka with earthbending, in which she flips up above them.
Toph says: "They're not the real Kyoshi Warriors!"
Kuei gasps, surprised.
Mai says: "Sorry to disappoint you."
She shoots some of her daggers at Toph, who uses an earth shield to stop them, and kicks the shield to Mai, who jumps over it. However, just as Mai lands, Toph brings up another pillar, knocking Mai over. Toph smiles confidently. Ty Lee comes up in front of Sokka, laughing. She starts trying to jab him, but he evades all of them.
Ty Lee says: "Oooh, it's like we're dancing together!"
Azula is seen holding Kuei at flame-point.
Azula says: "This fight is over."
Toph and Sokka surrender, and Ty Lee chi blocks them. Momo tries flying away, but a Dai Li agent traps him with a rock glove. Azula shoves Kuei down the steps leading to his throne.
Azula says: "Get them all out of my sight."
Toph, Sokka, Kuei, and Bosco are all taken to prison. Long Feng walks into the room, looking grim, with some Dai Li agents behind him.
Long Feng says: "Now comes the part where I double cross you."
Long Feng says: "Dai Li, arrest the Fire Nation princess!"
Long Feng says: "What is wrong with you?!"
Long Feng says: "!"
Azula says: "It's because they haven't made up their minds."
Azula says: "They're waiting to see how this is going to end."
Long Feng says: "What are you talking about?"
Azula says: "I can see your whole history in your eyes."
Azula says: "You were born with nothing, so you've had to struggle, and connive, and claw your way to power."
Azula says: "But true power, the divine right to rule, is something you're born with."
Azula says: "The fact is, they don't know which one of us is going to be sitting on that throne, and which one is going to be bowing down."
Azula says: "Well?"
Long Feng says: "You've beaten me at my own game."
Azula says: "Don't flatter yourself!"
Azula says: "You were never even a player."
The scene changes to Zuko and Katara in the Crystal Catacombs.
Katara says: "I'm sorry I yelled at you before."
Zuko says: "It doesn't matter."
Katara says: "It's just that for so long now, whenever I would imagine the face of the enemy, it was your face."
Zuko says: "My face?"
Zuko says: "I see."
Katara says: "No, no, that's-that's not what I mean."
Zuko says: "It's okay."
Zuko says: "I used to think this scar marked me."
Zuko says: "The mark of the banished prince, cursed to chase the Avatar forever."
Zuko says: "But lately, I've realized I'm free to determine my own destiny, even if I'll never be free of my mark."
Katara says: "Maybe you could be free of it."
Zuko says: "What?"
Katara says: "I have healing abilities."
Zuko says: "It's a scar, it can't be healed."
Katara says: "I don't know if it would work, but..."
Katara puts one hand on Zuko's scar. Zuko closes his eyes, only to be interrupted by Aang and Iroh.
Katara says: "Aang!"
Aang looks surprised at seeing Zuko alone with Katara. As Katara hugs him, he briefly smiles at her, then looks over Katara's shoulder to glare at Zuko. Cut to Zuko, who gets a hug from Iroh, and glares back.
Katara says: "Aang, I knew you would come."
Zuko says: "Uncle, I don't understand."
Zuko says: "What are you doing with the Avatar?"
Aang says: "Saving you, that's what."
Zuko growls and takes one confrontational step in Aang's direction, but Iroh stops him.
Iroh says: "Zuko, it's time we talked."
Zuko says: "Why, Uncle?"
Iroh says: "You're not the man you used to be, Zuko."
Iroh says: "It's time for you to choose."
Iroh says: "It's time for you to choose good."
As Zuko contemplates what his uncle is telling him, he yells as crystals grow to encase Iroh. He assumes a fighting position to prepare for the intruders. A different shot shows Azula along with two Dai Li agents sliding down from the sides of the chamber.
Azula says: "I expected this kind of treachery from Uncle."
Azula says: "But Zuko, Prince Zuko, you're a lot of things, but you're not a traitor, are you?"
Zuko says: "Release him immediately."
Azula says: "It's not too late for you, Zuko."
Azula says: "You can still redeem yourself."
Iroh says: "The kind of redemption she offers is not for you."
Azula says: "Why don't you let him decide, Uncle?"
Azula says: "this glorious day in Fire Nation history, and the only way we win is together."
Azula says: "At the end of this day, you will have your honor back."
Azula says: "You will have Father's love."
Azula says: "You will have everything you want."
Iroh says: "Zuko, I am begging you."
Azula says: "You are free to choose."
She gestures at the two Dai Li agents to leave, who earthbend themselves out. Azula leaves to follow Aang and Katara. The camera cuts to Zuko multiple times as he contemplates his choice. He drops his head. Cut to Aang and Katara running through the Crystal Catacombs.
Katara says: "We've got to find Sokka and Toph."
An intense shot of blue fire attacks them from behind. Aang stops it using earthbending, but the impact forces him backward a few steps. The camera zooms back toward Azula, the source of the blast, with smoke trailing from her fingertips. Katara uses waterbending to stop another attack, then sends a wave crashing toward Azula, who vaporizes the water with firebending. The mist from the vaporized water allows Azula to jump onto a crystal and firebend two blasts of blue fire. Together, Aang and Katara use waterbending to stop the blasts. Azula finishes her jump by landing on a rock pillar. Aang uses earthbending on the pillar, and Azula gasps once she notices the pillar crumbling. She jumps off and lands between Katara and Aang. She points at both of them, preparing to attack or defend herself.
An orange fire blast lands in the middle of the standoff, and they look to see the source of the fire blast to be Zuko. Zuko looks from Azula to Katara and Aang, choosing who to attack. When he looks at Azula, she is glaring back at him. He then looks at Aang, who gasps once he realizes Zuko will attack him. Zuko firebends at him, and Aang uses airbending to jump away from the blast. Azula smiles at this and starts dueling with Katara, and Zuko furiously throws multiple fire blasts at Aang. The scene changes to Kuei, Sokka, and Toph in a prison cell. Sokka looks out the door's barred window.
Toph says: "See any Dai Li agents nearby?"
Sokka says: "Nope, all clear."
Toph cracks her knuckles and places her hands against the cell door, preparing to metalbend it. Cut to outside the prison cell in the where the door crumples and gets thrown away from the doorway.
Sokka says: "Let's go."
Kuei says: "I'm not leaving without Bosco!"
Cut back to Zuko and Aang fighting. Aang airbends the air currents around him to make a human-shaped gust of air at Zuko, knocking him down. Aang attacks Zuko with more airbending, but Zuko maneuvers around the attacks and gets back up on his feet. He fires more blasts at Aang who is clinging on to a rock pillar. Aang jumps onto a clump of crystals to avoid the attack. Furious, Zuko summons a greater blast of fire. Aang earthbends some crystals to protect him, but the crystals shatter, sending Aang flying to another clump of crystals. Zuko uses fire whips to attack Aang once again, but Aang jumps to another patch of crystals and Zuko keeps attacking.
Cut to Azula landing on a puddle of water running toward Katara, who sends a aharp wave of water at Azula that very nearly hits her face, but cuts her hair instead, startling her. Cut back to Zuko, who is still using his fire whips to attack Aang, who is now jumping along the cave's ceiling. Aang kicks down a stalactite and follows it, using earthbending to increase its impact and sending Zuko flying, bouncing off the ground into a small wall of crystals. The scene focuses on Azula and Katara. Katara waterbends at Azula, knocking her down. Azula slowly gets back up into a fighting stance as Katara encases herself in water. One water tentacle captures Azula's hand as she struggles to attack her, and another one captures her foot after another failed attack. Katara then lifts Azula up, who yells in fear. Zuko frees his sister using firebending to break the tentacles. Azula gets up and briefly smiles at Zuko in gratitude, then looks toward the crater Aang had created with the stalactite. Aang crawls out, exhausted. Azula runs toward Aang. Cut to Zuko and Katara fighting. Katara still has water whips on her hands and Zuko starts using his fire whips.
Katara says: "I thought you had changed!"
Zuko says: "I have changed."
Zuko fires another blast. Cut to Azula and Aang standing opposite each other. A closer shot of Azula and Aang as they prepare to fight. Azula uses firebending to charge at Aang. Aang earthbends crystals around him into a crystal encased armor and charges at Azula. Azula stops, and uses her firebending to break Aang's crystal armor and send him flying back into an old building. Cut to Mai, Ty Lee, and Bosco in the Earth King's throne room.
Ty Lee says: "Like this."
Suddenly, the floor traps Ty Lee's hands, causing  and her feet when they touch the ground. Bosco starts clapping. The view changes to reveal Kuei, Toph, and Sokka.
Toph says: "That is a nice trick."
Sokka takes out his boomerang and Toph earthbends a large block of the ground in preparation to fight against Mai. The camera zooms toward Mai.
Mai says: "Just take the bear."
Cut to Bosco.
The scene changes back to Zuko and Azula both fighting Katara. Hopelessly outnumbered, Katara gets knocked down. Aang jumps from the old building and earth surfs toward Zuko and Azula to stop them from attacking Katara, with a fiercely determined look on his face. However, a Dai Li agent appears and jumps in front of Aang's surf, sending him flying off. Aang yells as he falls. More Dai Li agents gather behind Zuko and Azula. Katara starts regaining her focus and Dai Li agents surround her. Katara uses the octopus form to defend herself. Aang stands up in a fighting stance, but his determined face quickly turns into one of despair.
Aang says: "There's too many."
Pathik says: "The only way is to let her go."
Aang says: "I'm sorry, Katara."
Closing his eyes, he turns away from Azula and Zuko and earthbends a crystal shelter tent. Aang starts meditating. Inside Aang's mind, a giant version of himself in the Avatar State, the Avatar Spirit, holds an airbending sphere with a normal-sized version of himself in the Avatar State. Back in the crystal shelter, Aang enters the Avatar State and the crystal shelter starts glowing, alerting those outside. Inside the shelter, Aang opens his glowing eyes and breaks the crystal above him. The camera shows Katara looking up to Aang, now rising in to the air, with hope. But before Aang can let Katara go and control the Avatar State, a bolt of lightning strikes him in the back. Cut to Azula's eyeball watching Aang getting struck, before it zooms out to show her smiling menacingly in a lightning summoning position with her fingers smoking. The Avatar Spirit lets go of Aang and falls out of the plane of existence. As Aang falls down, Katara, tears now falling down her face, creates a wave to catch Aang. The wave knocks down the Dai Li agents and Zuko. She looks down at Aang's lifeless body and back up with tears in her eyes. Zuko and Azula prepare to attack Katara, but a blast of fire stops them. Iroh, the source of the blast, jumps down from the wall of the cave and shields Aang and Katara from Zuko and Azula.
Iroh says: "You've got to get out of here!"
Iroh says: "I'll hold them off as long as I can!"
Katara walks away slowly with Aang's body to a waterfall, and she uses waterbending to lift herself and Aang's body up its path. Iroh holds off the Dai Li agents, taking blows of earthbending, until after Aang and Katara leave. He submits to the Dai Li, who use earthbending to encase him in crystals. Azula is triumphantly smirking next to Zuko, both looking at Iroh. Iroh is looking back at Zuko, then closes his eyes and turns away. Cut to Bosco, Kuei, Toph, Sokka, Aang, and Katara riding on Appa. Appa moans sadly. Cut to a closer shot of Katara placing Aang's body on Appa. Katara opens the vial around her neck and uses water healing on Aang's wounded back. The rest of Team Avatar, Kuei, and Bosco all look sadly and in anticipation. The glowing from the spirit water stops, and Katara starts crying, assuming that it was not enough to save Aang. Aang's tattoos glow for a second and Aang groans. Katara, overcome with joy that Aang is alive, looks at him, who smiles a little, and she holds him closer. Cut to the Earth King's throne room with Azula sitting down at the throne with Zuko at her left.
Azula says: "We've done it, Zuko."
Azula says: "It's taken a hundred years, but the Fire Nation has conquered Ba Sing Se."
Zuko says: "I betrayed Uncle."
Azula says: "No, he betrayed you."
Azula says: "Zuko, when you return home, Father will welcome you as a war hero."
Zuko says: "But I don't have the Avatar."
Zuko says: "What if Father doesn't restore my honor?"
Azula says: "He doesn't need to, Zuko."
Azula says: "Today, you restored your own honor."
Zuko looks turns away, uncertain of himself. Cut to an aerial view of Ba Sing Se. Cut to Appa's passengers.
Kuei says: "The Earth Kingdom..."
Kuei says: "has fallen."
The camera pans down to show Katara, who sits next to an unconscious Aang, and looks up. Appa flies over the walls of Ba Sing Se. Fade to credits.