The episode opens to morning at the Boiling Rock, where an overhead shot of the volcano is seen. Cut to view from some point in the boiling water, where the stronghold lies ahead. Cut to view of the warden walking forward, toward the camera.
Bodyguard says: "Line 'em up for the warden!"
Cut to an overhead shot of the perimeter on which they are standing, the warden's back facing the camera. Eight prisoners are seen filing in line, one next to the other, including Hakoda. Cut to the end of the line of prisoners where the last of them line up, the camera zooming out to show Hakoda, who stands at the very end of the line on the right side. Cut to Sokka, who walks forward and lifts his guard mask.
Sokka says: "Dad..."
Sokka says: "Sorry!"
Cut to overhead shot of the perimeter, the prisoners lined up toward the right and the guards to the left of the screen. Sokka is seen inching his way behind several guards, taller than him. The warden approaches the new prisoners.
Warden says: "Look me in the eye when I'm talking to you."
Hakoda says: "No."
Warden says: "Oh?"
Warden says: "You'd rather look at my shoes?"
Warden says: "Then take a look!"
He raises his left leg and drags Hakoda by his handcuffs down onto the floor. Cut to a side-view of Hakoda kneeling over, his face expressing anger. Cut to Sokka standing behind two guards as he gasps in horror. Cut to shot from below Hakoda, where the warden stands over him, keeping his foot firmly pressed on the warrior's handcuffs.
Warden says: "I know exactly who you are, Hakoda of the Water Tribe."
Warden says: "So strong-willed."
Warden says: "But don't worry, we'll get rid of that in time."
Warden says: "Now look me in the eye!"
Hakoda reluctantly lifts his head to look the warden in the eye and glares hatefully at him.
Warden says: "You will all do as I say or pay the price."
He begins to walk forward only for Hakoda to lift his left handcuff slightly, tripping the warden and causing him to fall flat on the ground. Sokka stifles a chuckle, as the two guards he was standing behind rush to aid the warden.
Bogyguard #2.
Standing over him. Are you okay, sir?
Warden says: "I'm fine!"
Warden says: "Get these prisoners out of my sight!"
He storms away impatiently. The two guards look at each other. Cut to wide-view of the perimeter where the prisoners file one behind the other and are led down a stairwell into what is presumed to be the prison hold. Sokka runs away off-screen. Cut to inside the prison, followed by an overhead shot of inside Hakoda's cell, where he sits on his mattress, his face buried in his arms. A sliver of light appears as the doorway to the cell is opened. Hakoda raises his head to see who has entered. Cut to side-view of the entire cell, revealing that Sokka has walked in, still dressed as a guard.
Sokka says: "Thank goodness you're okay."
Hakoda says: "If you take one step closer, you'll see just how "okay" I am."
Sokka says: "Dad, it's me."
Hakoda says: "You know Sokka, you should be more careful with that guard outfit on."
Hakoda says: "I almost punched you in the gut."
Sokka says: "Yeah, I ran into that problem earlier."
Cut to a dimly-lit corridor. Cut to view of a door as it slides open, revealing Chit Sang sitting inside an interrogation room, cuffed to a wooden chair. The warden walks on-screen into the room. Cut to an overhead shot of the interrogation room as he approaches the prisoner.
Warden says: "Are you comfortable, Chit Sang?"
Chit Sang says: "I'm not a squealer!"
Warden says: "Chit Sang, I only asked if you were comfortable."
Chit Sang says: "Well, yeah, actually I am pretty comfortable."
The warden, in a fit of anger, kicks the chair to the ground. Chit Sang falls forward off screen. Cuts to shot of him lying on the floor, still bound to the chair, his face pressed against the ground. The warden walks up to Chit Sang.
Warden says: "Are you still comfortable?"
Chit Sang says: "No."
Warden says: "I know you and your cronies are not smart enough to come up with that little escape plan."
Warden says: "So you're gonna tell me..."
Warden says: "who is?"
The warden exits the room. Cut to view of the room, as the two guards hoist the chair upward and set it on the ground. The guard on Chit Sang's left walks over to the doorway and slides the door to the cell closed. Cut to shot of the prison courtyard. Cut to shot of outside Hakoda's cell where Sokka can be seen looking through the open slit in the cell door, averting his eyes in different directions.
Sokka says: "Where's everyone else from the invasion?"
Hakoda says: "The others are being held at a prison near the Fire Nation palace."
Hakoda says: "They singled me out as their leader and sent me here."
Hakoda says: "But before I left, I met some young women who said they knew you."
Hakoda says: "The..."
Hakoda says: "Oshinama Fighters?"
Sokka says: "You mean the Kyoshi Warriors?"
Hakoda says: "That's right."
Sokka says: "Their leader Suki is here and she's gonna escape with us."
Hakoda says: "Good."
Hakoda says: "We'll need all the help we can get."
Sokka says: "And you know Prince Zuko?"
Hakoda says: "The son of the Fire Lord?"
Hakoda says: "I don't know him, but I know of him."
Sokka says: "Well, he's here too."
Hakoda says: "Sounds like a major problem."
Sokka says: "Actually, he's on our side now."
Hakoda says: "So, do you have a plan?"
Sokka says: "I dunno if there's another way off this island."
Hakoda says: "Sokka, there's no prison in the world that can hold two Water Tribe geniuses."
Sokka says: "Then we'd better find two."
Hakoda laughs. Sokka chuckles nervously. Cut to a ground level shot of inside the prison hold. Sokka approaches a cell door and averts his gaze alertly. He lifts his helmet mask and peers into the slit of a cell doorway.
Sokka says: "Zuko, are you there?"
Zuko says: "I'm here."
Sokka says: "I just got done talking to my dad."
Sokka says: "We came up with an escape plan together."
Male guard says: "What are you doing here?"
Sokka turns around, pulling down his helmet mask. The camera shifts to reveal two guards standing on the stairwell behind him. Cut to shot from in between the two guards.
Sokka says: "I was just telling this dirty lowlife what I think of him!"
Male guard says: "Well, you'll have to do that later."
Male guard says: "He's coming with us."
Sokka says: "Why?"
Female guard says: "Because we have orders straight from the warden, that's why!"
Sokka says: "Could I just get ten more seconds to rough him up a bit?"
Female guard says: "Fine, ten seconds."
The two guards fold their arms. Sokka enters the cell and begins to "rough up" Zuko. The female guard leans against the wall, crosses her arms and shakes her head in mock disapproval.
Male guard says: "Newbie."
Cut to shot of a bundled-up mattress being held up, several blows being landed to it. Cut to shot of the cell where Sokka is seen punching the mattress which Zuko holds up, the two faking the entire scenario. Zuko shouts a few times in mock pain.
Sokka says: "Be in the yard in one hour."
A sliver of light appears as the cell door is opened. Sokka suddenly grabs Zuko and begins to wrestle him to look convincing as the two guards enter.
Male guard says: "All right, that's enough."
Zuko is escorted out of the cell by the guards while Sokka remains behind. Cut to an overhead shot of a hallway, the camera shifting downward to show Zuko being dragged.
Zuko says: "I didn't do anything wrong!"
Mai says: "Come on,  We all know that's a lie."
Zuko says: "Mai!"
Cut to shot of the entire cell, Zuko still sitting on the floor with Mai standing over him. The cell door is open, with at least one guard patrolling it from outside. Cut to view of prison hold before switching to an upside-down shot of the warden sliding open another cell door and entering the room.
Warden says: "How is he?"
Cut to right-side up shot of the two guards holding Chit Sang upside-down in the chair. Chit Sang's face is red and strained.
Bodyguard #2.
I think he's ready to talk.
They toss chair the chair forward toward the warden back to a normal position. Chit Sang inhales deeply a few times, his face slowly returning to normal color, sweat dripping down his face.
Warden says: "Have you had enough time to think about what I asked?"
Chit Sang says: "Yes."
Warden says: "And?"
Chit Sang says: "You're right."
Chit Sang says: "There was another person involved in the escape plan."
Warden says: "Who?"
Chit Sang says: "It's a guy who's disguised like a prison guard."
Chit Sang says: "Only he's not a prison guard."
Chit Sang says: "He's the mastermind."
Chit Sang says: "He came up with the plan."
The warden smiles slyly, pats Chit Sang on the head, and exits. The camera focuses on Chit Sang, who maintains a cold-hard expression. The scene changes to the prison cell where Zuko sits in the chair slumped over and Mai stands over him.
Zuko says: "How did you know I was here?"
Mai says: "Because I know you so well."
Mai says: "The warden's my uncle, you idiot."
Mai says: "The truth is, I guess I don't know you."
Mai says: "All I get is a letter?"
Mai says: "You could have least looked me in the eye when you ripped out my heart."
Mai says: "You didn't mean to?"
Mai says: ""Dear Mai, I'm sorry you that you have to find out this way, but I'm leaving."
Zuko says: "Stop!"
Zuko says: "This isn't about you."
Zuko says: "This is about the Fire Nation!"
Zuko says: "Mai, I never wanted to hurt you."
Zuko says: "But I have to do this to save my country."
Mai says: "Save it?"
Mai says: "You're betraying your country!"
Zuko says: "That's not how I see it."
Cut back to Mai who looks away from him sulkily and folds her arms. Cut to Suki's cell, where she is practicing her fighting moves. Sokka enters.
Suki says: "Sokka, what's going on?"
Sokka says: "I just talked to my dad."
Suki says: "That's great."
Sokka says: "Yeah, and we're escaping today, on the gondola."
Suki says: "What?"
Sokka says: "My dad and I came up with the plan together."
Sokka says: "We're gonna commandeer the gondola  and we're gonna take a hostage with us so they won't cut the lines."
Suki says: "We'll never make it onto the gondola."
Suki says: "There's too many guards."
Sokka says: "My dad already thought of that."
Sokka says: "He said we'll need a distraction."
Sokka says: "That's why we're gonna start a prison riot."
Suki says: "Okay, let's say by some miracle this all works and we make it on the gondola."
Suki says: "The warden will still just cut the lines, even if we have a captive."
Sokka says: "Not if the warden is the captive."
Male guard says: "Hey, you, the warden wants to see you!"
Sokka says: "Why?"
Male guard says: "I don't know, I didn't ask."
Sokka says: "Maybe I could schedule another time with him?"
Sokka says: "How's tomorrow?"
Male guard says: "He wants to see you..."
Male guard says: "now."
Scene moves to the yard with a line-up of guards, the warden, and Chit Sang present.
Warden says: "Put him in the line-up."
They throw Sokka in the line-up with a bunch of other guards, now with no helmet like the rest of them. He tries hiding behind a lowly guard, but the guard pushes him away.
Warden says: "One of you is an impostor who thought he could fool me."
Warden says: "But now, that person is going to be in a lot of trouble."
Warden says: "Who is it?"
Sokka's teeth start chattering, clearly nervous among the other calm guards. The camera stays on Sokka, who closes his eyes.
Bully guard says: "What?"
Cut to the warden, who smiles evilly and walks away.
Bully guard says: "He's a liar!"
The guard is taken away. Chit Sang turns and smiles slyly at Sokka, who looks on and breathes a sigh of relief.
Cut to a window. The camera pans down to the bully guard in an interrogation room surrounded by two guards. The warden stands in front of and away Chit Sang, holding his hands behind his back.
Bully guard says: "I'm telling you..."
Bully guard says: "it wasn't me!"
Warden says: "Save your breath!"
Warden says: "I know you were working together."
Warden says: "You threw Chit Sang in the very cooler they used to escape."
Warden says: "It was all part of your plan."
Bully guard says: "That was just a coincidence!"
The door opens, someone enters.
Bodyguard #2.
Sir, there's someone to see you.
Warden says: "Who told you to interrupt me?"
The warden turns angrily toward the door, but looks shocked and bows upon seeing who it is. Cut to show Azula standing at the door with Ty Lee behind her. All of the guards bow to her as well.
Azula says: "I did."
Warden says: "I didn't realize you were coming."
Azula says: "Who is this?"
Warden says: "He's a guard who was involved in a recent and feeble escape attempt."
Bully guard says: "It wasn't me!"
Warden says: "Quiet, you!"
The warden turns and looking surprised, and confused, looks from Azula to the guard before looking back to Azula again.
Warden says: "How do you know?"
In the hall, Sokka approaches a guard in charge of the cell doors.
Sokka says: "Hey, I just got orders."
Sokka says: "Let the prisoners out into the yard."
Door guard says: "But we're in the middle of a lockdown."
Sokka says: "Oh, okay, I'll just go tell the warden you said that."
Sokka says: "What's your name again?"
Door guard says: "Wait!"
Door guard says: "Don't tell the warden."
Door guard says: "I'm just a little confused."
Sokka says: "Hey, I'm confused too, but the warden's in a bad mood, and..."
Sokka says: "irrational, so if you ask me, it's best not to question it, and just do what he says."
Door guard says: "Yeah..."
Door guard says: "you're right."
Door guard says: "We're letting them out!"
The guard opens all the doors by pulling the levers. The prisoners head for the yard. The prisoners mingle in the yard, where Sokka, Suki, and Hakoda meet.
Sokka says: "This is it!"
Sokka says: "We have to start a riot."
Suki says: "Okay."
Suki says: "But how do we do that?"
Tough prisoner says: "Hey!"
Tough prisoner says: "What'd you do that for?"
Tough prisoner says: "That hurt my feelings."
Hakoda says: "Aren't you mad at me?"
Tough prisoner says: "Uh, well, normally I would be, but I've been learning to control my anger."
Sokka says: "This isn't working."
Suddenly, Chit Sang appears behind Sokka and puts his hand on Sokka's shoulder.
Chit Sang says: "Hey you!"
Chit Sang says: "You're lucky I didn't rat you out,  but my generosity comes with a price."
Chit Sang says: "I know you're planning another escape attempt, and I want in."
Sokka says: "You wouldn't happen to know how to start one, would you?"
Chit Sang says: "A prison riot?"
Chit Sang says: "Please."
Chit Sang says: "Riot!"
The riot begins. Several blasts of fire go off.
Hakoda says: "Impressive."
Tough prisoner says: "Forget about controlling my anger..."
Warden says: "Who let these prisoners into the yard?"
Warden says: "This is supposed to be a lockdown!"
The door guard, who was in charge of the control room, raises his visor and looks at the warden, horrified. He puts his back against the wall and sneaks away by quickly tip-toeing and ducks to a corner. The camera cuts back to Zuko and Mai.
Male guard #2.
Ma'am, there's a riot going on! I'm here to protect you!
Mai says: "I don't need any protection."
Zuko says: "Believe me, she doesn't."
Male guard #2.
I'm sorry, but I'm under direct orders from your uncle to make sure nothing happens. Zuko gives a serious look.
Zuko blasts fire at the guard and starts to run toward the door. The guard jumps in front of Mai to shield her.
Mai says: "Get off of me!"
Exiting, Zuko closes and locks the door, trapping Mai and the guard in the room. He looks at Mai through the slit in the door with regret, while she stares back in anger, before running off to join his friends. Back in the yard, he reaches everyone else and slams down another guard as the riot continues.
Sokka says: "Zuko!"
Sokka says: "Good, we're all here."
Sokka says: "Now all we need to do is grab the warden, and get to the gondolas!"
Zuko says: "And how do we do that?"
Sokka says: "I'm not sure."
Zuko says: "I thought you thought this through!"
Sokka says: "I thought you told me it's okay not to think everything through!"
Zuko says: "Maybe not everything, but this is kind of important!"
Chit Sang says: "Hey, uh, fellas."
Chit Sang says: "I think your girlfriend's taking care of it."
Sokka peeks out and looks amazed as he sees Suki hop up on the heads of the rioters before jumping and flipping onto the tower. She easily defeats the first guard with a few quick jabs. Two more guards arrive. She ducks a fire blast and sweeps the first one, promptly dodges the second one's fire blast, and continues to climb the tower. She makes it up to the top and defeats the final guard with a sliding kick. She soon grabs the warden, threatening him with her fist in front of his face.
Warden says: "You wouldn't dare."
Suki says: "We've got the warden!"
Suki says: "Now let's get out of here!"
Everyone else is out of breath.
Hakoda says: "That's some girl."
Sokka says: "Tell me about it."
Cut to the roof as they all make the run to the gondola.
Suki says: "We're almost there!"
They are stopped by guards who launch two fire blasts at them. Zuko shoves Sokka out of the way and blocks the two fire blasts. More guards appear to help.
Zuko says: "Back off!"
Zuko says: "We've got the warden!"
Zuko says: "Let's go!"
They continue along their path, cautiously watching the guards so they do not try any sudden moves. They arrive at the gondola. Suki opens the door.
Suki says: "Everyone in!"
Zuko starts the gondola and kicks the handle a few times attempting to break it. He sees the guards rushing toward him and kicks the handle again and breaks it. He jumps toward the gondola while dodging guards fire blasts. Sokka grabs Zuko's hand and helps him into the gondola.
Sokka says: "What are you doing?"
Zuko says: "I'm making it so they can't stop us."
Sokka says: "Way to think ahead."
Suki says: "We're on our way!"
Hakoda says: "Wait!"
Hakoda says: "Who's that?"
Azula and Ty Lee stand at the bottom of the gondola station. All the guards bow down.
Zuko says: "That's a problem."
Zuko says: "It's my sister and her friend."
Looking up at the retreating gondola, Azula suddenly snatches a pair of handcuffs from a guard's belt and runs forward. Behind her, Ty Lee jumps up and onto the cable, running along it toward the gondola. After elevating herself to the line with a fire blast, Azula uses the cuffs to attach herself to the cable and propel herself forwaard. The occupants of the gondola watch as they approach, Suki looking very grim.
Suki says: "This is a rematch I've been waiting for."
Zuko says: "Me too."
Sokka, Suki, and Zuko climb to the top of the gondola to meet Azula and Ty Lee. Ty Lee flips into the air and lands in front of Suki, who growls and assumes a battle-ready position. Azula pulls herself up onto the roof and faces Zuko and Sokka. An overhead shot shows them all standing atop the gondola before closing in on Azula again. The Fire Nation princess assumes a battle stance and performs a slicing kick, sending blue fire at her opponents, but Zuko blocks it. Ty Lee and Suki trade blows, the latter blocking the former's attempts to use chi blocking each time. Ty Lee is forced to the edge but jumps into the gondola and comes out the other side, continuing her attacks. Zuko continues to wipe out Azula's fire blasts. Sokka draws her back to the edge with his sword. Zuko goes in for a finish, but Azula dodges Zuko's blast and stays on the gondola. She counters with a blast that goes wide, almost striking Suki and Ty Lee, who barely manage to dodge it. Meanwhile, the warden attempts to free himself while the other prisoners are distracted. A male guard watches from a telescope.
Gondola guard says: "There's the warden!"
Gondola guard says: "I see him!"
Gondola guard says: "He wants us to cut the line."
Gondola guard #2.
But if we cut the line, there's no way he'll survive!
Gondola guard says: "He knows that."
The guards stop the gondola by jamming the mechanism with metal bars; the wheel screeches angrily as it grinds to a halt. The gondola rocks back and forth from the sudden stop, disrupting the combatants from their respective duels. Losing his balance, Sokka slides to the edge of the gondola, but Zuko pulls him in at the last moment. Ty Lee jumps up to the top of the wire to see what is happening.
Ty Lee says: "They're about to cut the line!"
The guards work to cut the line. Azula notices another gondola approaching on the other wire, heading inbound.
Ty Lee backflips to the other gondola. When she reaches it, she looks back at Sokka, Suki, and Zuko with concern, in contrast to Azula's sadistic smile. The other three jump back into the gondola.
Zuko says: "They're cutting the line!"
Zuko says: "The gondola's about to go!"
Hakoda says: "I hope this thing floats."
Pan down to the Boiling Lake. The line is almost entirely severed by now, but before the guards can finish the job, they are suddenly yanked away from it and pinned to the wall by stilettos.
Gondola guard #3.
What are you doing?
The camera cuts to show Mai standing near the line.
Mai says: "Saving the jerk who dumped me."
Other guards try to attack Mai, but she dodges all their fire blasts and retaliates with her knives, pinning them all down by their wristguards. Mai rears up in front of a female guard, who stops in fear, and deploys four knives that send the two guards behind her flying, dislodging one of the bars jamming the wheel mechanism. She pulls out her three-pronged sai and pins down the last guard. Releasing the block on the line, she allows the gondola to continue in motion. Everyone looks back to see what happened.
Sokka says: "Who's that?"
Mai continues to fight off guards and turns her head to see the others.
Zuko says: "It's Mai!"
Azula says: "What is she doing?"
Ty Lee shrugs and makes a small sound as they watch her continue to fight off guards, all of whom are helpless against her. The gondola makes it to the top of the hill. Everyone leaves. Chit Sang holds the warden and throws him back in when Hakoda points at it.
Hakoda says: "Sorry, warden."
Hakoda says: "Your record is officially broken."
Cut to the others escaping over the rim of the volcano.
Suki says: "Well, we made it out."
Suki says: "Now what?"
Sokka turns and notices Zuko standing still.
Sokka says: "Zuko, what are you doing?"
Zuko says: "My sister was on that island."
Sokka says: "Yeah, and she's probably right behind us, so let's not stop!"
Zuko says: "What I mean is she must have come here somehow."
Zuko says: "That's our way out of here!"
Back at the prison. Mai is detained by two guards, while Azula glares at her. Ty Lee stands in the middle, looking terrified and concerned at the two.
Azula says: "Leave us alone."
Azula says: "The thing I don't understand is "Why?"
Azula says: ""."
Azula says: "Why would you do it?"
Azula says: "You know the consequences."
Mai says: "I guess you just don't know people as well as you think you do."
Mai says: "You miscalculated."
Mai says: "I love Zuko more than I fear you."
Azula says: "No, you miscalculated!"
Azula says: "You should have feared me more!"
Azula angles her fingers to create lightning, and Mai readies one of her stilettos, her eyes narrowed. Before Azula can complete her attack, however, she is struck twice by Ty Lee, who chi blocks her. Cuts to Mai, blade still in hand and looking very surprised, and to Azula, who dumbfoundedly falls to the ground, paralyzed. Ty Lee seems surprised at her own actions.
Ty Lee says: "Come on!"
Ty Lee says: "Let's get out of here!"
Mai and Ty Lee are quickly surrounded by guards and captured before they can escape.
Azula says: "You're both fools!"
Azula is helped up by two guards. Mai and Ty Lee are both restrained, looking defiantly at the princess.
Gondola guard #4.
What shall we do with them, princess?
Azula says: "Put them somewhere I'll never have to see their faces again, and let them rot!"
Nightfall, Western Air Temple. The ship is returned. Zuko and Sokka exit, standing in front of Toph, Aang, and Katara.
Katara says: "What are you doing in this thing?"
Katara says: "What happened to the war balloon?"
Zuko says: "It kind of got destroyed."
Aang says: "Sounds like a crazy fishing trip."
Toph says: "Did you at least get some good meat?"
Sokka says: "I did."
Sokka says: "The best meat of all."
Sokka says: "The meat of friendship and fatherhood."
Suki, Hakoda, and Chit Sang exit.
Chit Sang says: "I'm new."
Chit Sang says: "What's up, everybody?"
Hakoda says: "Hi, Katara."
Katara says: "How are you here?"
Katara says: "What is going on?"
Katara says: "Where did you go?"
Sokka says: "We kind of went to a Fire Nation prison."
Hakoda pulls Sokka into the embrace. The camera pans away from the scene.
Toph says: "Seriously?"
Toph says: "You guys didn't find any meat?"
Fade to credits.