The episode starts with a view of the exterior of Zuko and Iroh's apartment. Cut to the interior. Iroh is preparing food when Zuko awakens.
Zuko says: "What's that smell?"
Iroh says: "It's jook."
Iroh says: "I'm sure you wouldn't like it."
Iroh says: "Now that your fever is gone, you seem different somehow."
Aang and Sokka fly on Appa to a Water Tribe camp, where Hakoda is.
Aang says: "You haven't seen your dad in over two years."
Aang says: "You must be so excited!"
Aang says: "Don't be nervous."
Aang says: "He's going to be so happy to see you!"
Sokka says: "So what about you?"
Sokka says: "Are you nervous to meet this guru?"
Aang says: "Not at all."
Aang says: "I'm ready to master the Avatar State."
Aang says: "I'll do whatever it takes."
Aang says: "See you in a week."
Aang says: "Yip yip!"
Aang and Appa fly away. Sokka arrives at the camp, where all the warriors greet him warmly.
Water Tribe warrior says: "Sokka, good to see you."
He looks and sees the main tent. Inside, Hakoda, Sokka's father, is looking at a map with more warriors, including Bato, now with scars on his arm. Bato nudges Hakoda and Hakoda becomes happy upon seeing Sokka.
Hakoda says: "Sokka."
Sokka says: "Hi, Dad."
The two embrace. Back at the Earth King's Royal Palace, the "Kyoshi Warriors", Azula, Mai, and Ty Lee in disguise, sit before King Kuei.
Kuei says: "Look Bosco!"
Kuei says: "The Kyoshi Warriors are here to protect us!"
Kuei says: "Aren't you excited?"
Kuei says: "It's been a difficult week for me."
Kuei says: "My most trusted advisor, Long Feng, and his Dai Li agents tried to take control of Ba Sing Se from me."
Azula says: "It's terrible when you can't trust the people who are closest to you."
Kuei says: "But there is good news."
Kuei says: "As we speak, the Council of Five is meeting to plan an invasion of the Fire Nation this summer, on the day of a solar eclipse."
For a second, Azula's eyes slightly widen with shock and worry upon hearing this, but she quickly hides it.
Azula says: "Really?"
Azula says: "Now that sounds like a fascinating and brilliant plan."
Cut to the Council of Five meeting, where Katara and Momo are present.
General How says: "General Fong's base will serve as the launching point for the attack."
General How says: "In exactly two months, the army and navy will invade the Fire Nation on the Day of Black Sun."
Momo jumps on the map and begins knocking over the pieces.
Katara says: "Or we could send in Momo to do some damage!"
Katara says: "'Cause, the..."
Katara says: "sorry."
Katara says: "I'll get these scrolls to him right away."
Katara says: "Thank you, General How."
Aang continues his journey to the Eastern Air Temple. He spots Guru Pathik, who is meditating, and lands Appa.
Aang says: "Uhhh..."
Aang says: "hello?"
Aang says: "You're Guru Pathik, right?"
Aang says: "The person who attached the note to Appa's horn?"
Pathik says: "Indeed."
Pathik says: "I was a spiritual brother of your people and a personal friend of Monk Gyatso."
Aang says: "In your note,  you said you could teach me how to gain control of the Avatar State."
Aang says: "How?"
Pathik says: "You must gain balance within yourself, before you can bring balance to the world."
Pathik says: "And the first step to gaining balance begins with this."
Pathik says: "Drink up!"
Aang says: "Uggh!"
Aang says: "It tastes like onion and banana juice!"
Pathik says: "That's because it is!"
Pathik says: "Yum yum!"
Aang blinks in disbelief. Meanwhile, Xin Fu and Master Yu are working to bring Toph back to the Beifong Estate.
Yu says: "I believe we need to go right!"
Xin Fu says: "What are you talking about?"
Xin Fu says: "The Beifong Estate's this way!"
Yu says: "I'm quite certain you're mistaken."
Toph says: "I got to go to the bathroom!"
Yu says: "Oooh..."
Yu says: "uhhh, okay, but make it quick!"
Xin Fu says: "What's wrong with you?"
Yu says: "Ooh, very sneaky Toph!"
Yu says: "Nice try, but you can't trick me!"
Toph says: "Let me out of here so I can kick both your butts!"
Xin Fu says: "Quit your banging!"
Xin Fu says: "You might think you're the greatest earthbender in the world, but even you can't bend metal!"
Toph looks sad as she places her hand on a side of the metal box. The scene cuts to that night, and where Azula, Mai and Ty Lee are staying which is a small building in the Upper Ring. Mai and Ty Lee are removing their make-up. A smiling Ty Lee is looking in a mirror. She is wiping the last traces of her Kyoshi makeup from her face. Mai is seated next to Ty Lee, still working on her own face.
Azula says: "We have been presented with an extraordinary opportunity, girls."
Ty Lee says: "Mai finally gets to wear make-up that's not totally depressing?"
Mai says: "Ha, ha."
Azula says: "I'm talking about conquering the whole Earth Kingdom."
Azula says: "But now we're on the inside, and we can take it by ourselves."
Ty Lee says: "Gosh, you're so confident."
Ty Lee says: "I really admire that about you."
Azula says: "From the inside, we're in perfect position to organize a coup and overthrow the Earth King."
Azula says: "The key is the Dai Li."
Azula says: "Whoever controls the Dai Li  controls Ba Sing Se."
Back to the Eastern Air Temple at a creek.
Pathik says: "In order to master the Avatar State, you must open all the chakras."
Pathik says: "Aang, tell me everything you know about chakras."
Aang says: "What are chakras?"
Pathik says: "The water flows through this creek, much like the energy flows through your body."
Pathik says: "As you see, there are several pools where the water swirls around before flowing on."
Pathik says: "These pools are like our chakras."
Aang says: "So chakras are pools of spiraling energy in our bodies?"
Pathik says: "Exactly."
Pathik says: "If nothing else were around, this creek would flow pure and clear."
Pathik says: "However, life is messy, and things tend to fall in the creek."
Pathik says: "And then what happens?"
Aang says: "The creek can't flow?"
Pathik says: "Yes."
Pathik says: "But, if we open the ponds between the pools..."
Aang says: "The energy flows!"
In another part of the temple, a cavern.
Pathik says: "There are seven chakras that go up the body."
Pathik says: "Each pool of energy has a purpose, and can be blocked by a specific kind of emotional muck."
Pathik says: "Be warned, opening the chakras is an intense experience, and once you begin the process, you cannot stop until all seven are open."
Pathik says: "Are you ready?"
Aang says: "I'll do whatever it takes."
Pathik says: "First we will open the Earth Chakra, located at the base of the spine."
Pathik says: "It deals with survival, and is blocked by fear."
Pathik says: "What are you most afraid of?"
Pathik says: "Let your fears become clear to you."
Aang sees images of things that cause him great fear, including the Blue Spirit attacking him, General Fong sinking Katara into the ground, himself merging with La at the North Pole, Fire Lord Ozai, and Sozin's Comet, which make him scream.
Pathik says: "Aang, your vision is not real."
Pathik says: "You are concerned for your survival, but you must surrender those fears."
Pathik says: "Let your fears flow down the creek."
Later, behind a waterfall.
Pathik says: "Next is the..."
Aang says: "Water Chakra?"
Pathik says: "Brilliant!"
Pathik says: "Maybe one day you will be a guru too!"
Pathik says: "This chakra deals with pleasure and is blocked by guilt."
Pathik says: "Now, look at all the guilt with burdens you so."
Pathik says: "What do you blame yourself for?"
Aang says: "I hurt all of those people."
Pathik says: "Accept the reality that these things happened, but do not let them cloud and poison your energy."
Pathik says: "If you are to be a positive influence on the world, you need to forgive yourself."
Scene cuts to the next day at the Water Tribe camp.
Hakoda says: "This bay leads directly to the outskirts of Ba Sing Se."
Hakoda says: "We've been using these tangle mines to stop the Fire Nation ships from getting through."
Bato says: "Your father invented tangle mines himself."
Sokka says: "Destructive?"
Sokka says: "Buoyant?"
Sokka says: "And..."
Sokka says: "Aggh, ehhh!"
Sokka says: "Terrible smelling!"
Hakoda says: "Very perceptive."
Hakoda says: "The mines are filled with skunk fish and seaweed."
Hakoda says: "When a ship detonates the mine, the seaweed tangles up the propeller and the foul smell forces people to abandon the ship."
Hakoda says: "I call it the "stink and sink."
Sokka says: "Good one, Dad!"
Bato says: "You're definitely your father's son."
Warrior says: "Hakoda, our scouts have spotted four Fire Nation ships!"
Hakoda says: "Bato, get these mines loaded up!"
Hakoda says: "The rest of you men, prepare for battle!"
The warriors run off to prepare as Sokka looks around before looking back to his father.
Sokka says: "Uhhh..."
Sokka says: "what should I do, Dad?"
Hakoda says: "Aren't you listening?"
Hakoda says: "I said, "The rest of you men, get ready for battle"."
Sokka smiles, nods, and departs. Hakoda smiles proudly. Back in Ba Sing Se, at the Jasmine Dragon. Zuko and Iroh observe the happenings standing at the back.
Iroh says: "Who thought when we came to this city as refugees, that I'd end up owning my own tea shop?"
Iroh says: "Follow your passion, Zuko, and life will reward you."
Zuko says: "Congratulations, Uncle."
Iroh says: "I am very thankful."
Zuko says: "You deserve it."
Zuko says: "The Jasmine Dragon will be the best tea shop in the city."
Iroh says: "No."
Iroh says: "I'm thankful because you decided to share this special day with me."
Iroh says: "It means more than you know."
Zuko says: "Now let's make these people some tea!"
Iroh says: "Yes, let's make some tea!"
Back to the Eastern Air Temple, Aang and Pathik sit on a ledge.
Pathik says: "Third is the Fire Chakra, located in the stomach."
Aang says: "My Fire Chakra would like to eat something other than onion-banana juice."
Pathik says: "What are your biggest disappointments in yourself?"
Aang says: "I'm never going to firebend again."
Aang says: "I can't."
Pathik says: "You will never find balance if you deny this part of your life."
Pathik says: "You are the Avatar and therefore, you are a firebender."
Pathik says: "Hmmm..."
Pathik says: "that chakra opened less like a flowing creek, and more like a..."
Pathik says: "burping bison."
Back at the palace, two Dai Li agents hide on two pillars and secretly spy on a conversation between Mai and Ty Lee. The former is sitting on the stairs and the latter is practicing chi blocking and acrobatics.
Mai says: "I'm tired of wearing this girly disguise."
Mai says: "I don't know how anyone could fight in this."
Ty Lee says: "Maybe that's why it was so easy to beat the Kyoshi Warriors and take their clothes."
Mai says: "How much longer do we have to serve the Earth King?"
Mai says: "If I have to clean up one more pile of bear poop, I'm going to throw up."
Ty Lee says: "Princess Azula promised we would go back to the Fire Nation as soon as we captured the Avatar."
Ty Lee says: "We just have to be patient."
Mai says: "Shush up!"
Mai says: "Do you want the whole palace to know we're Fire Nation?"
Ty Lee says: "Sorry!"
The agents smile and climb away. Azula, who was hiding behind another pillar, walks up to them.
Azula says: "Good work, girls."
Azula says: "I'm sure the Dai Li will deliver the message."
Back at the Air Temple.
Pathik says: "The fourth chakra is located in the heart."
Pathik says: "It deals with love and is blocked by grief."
Pathik says: "Lay all your grief out in front of you."
Aang sees images of many airbenders, including Gyatso and Yangchen. He smiles upon seeing them, but becomes saddened as they start to vanish into smoke.
Pathik says: "You have indeed felt a great loss."
Pathik says: "The Air Nomads' love for you has not left this world."
Pathik says: "It is still inside of your heart, and is reborn in the form of new love."
The smoke in front of Aang forms a face says: "Katara."
shows the first thing he saw upon waking up from his iceberg says: "Katara."
The smoke in front of Aang forms a face says: "Back in the real world, Aang is starting to cry tears of joy."
shows the first thing he saw upon waking up from his iceberg says: "Back in the real world, Aang is starting to cry tears of joy."
Pathik says: "Let the pain flow away."
Pathik says: "Very good."
Aang says: "Can I have some onion-banana juice, please?"
Inside another part of the temple.
Pathik says: "The fifth in the chain is the Sound Chakra, located in the throat."
Pathik says: "It deals with truth and is blocked by lies."
Pathik says: "The ones we tell ourselves."
Aang flashes back to when he, Katara, and Sokka first began their journey to the North Pole.
Katara flashback.
Why didn't you tell us you were the Avatar?
Back to the real world, Aang finds himself answering the question.
Aang says: "Because I never wanted to be."
Pathik says: "You cannot lie about your own nature."
Pathik says: "You must accept that you are the Avatar."
Pathik says: "Very good, Aang."
Pathik says: "You have opened the chakra of truth."
Outside the temple interior.
Pathik says: "The sixth pool of energy is the light chakra, located in the center of the forehead."
Pathik says: "It deals with insight and is blocked by illusion."
Pathik says: "The greatest illusion of this world is the illusion of separation."
Pathik says: "Things you think are separate and different are actually one in the same."
Aang says: "Like the four nations."
Pathik says: "but we live as if divided."
Aang says: "We're all connected."
Aang says: "Everything is connected."
Pathik says: "That's right!"
Pathik says: "Even the separation of the four elements is an illusion."
Pathik says: "If you open your mind, you will see that all the elements are one."
Pathik says: "Four parts of the same whole."
Pathik says: "Even metal is just a part of earth that has been purified and refined."
As Pathik speaks, the camera fades to Xin Fu and Yu trying to take Toph home. She feels around the metal cage with seismic sense and feels tiny particles of earth in the metal. She smiles, exhales deeply and begins to push against the metal.
Toph says: "Wooo!"
Toph says: "Toph, you rule."
She takes another punch as we cut back to Ba Sing Se. Katara walks by the Jasmine Dragon.
Katara says: "What do you say, Momo?"
Katara says: "A cup of tea before we get back to the king?"
Katara says: "Table for two, please."
Zuko says: "Uncle!"
Zuko says: "I need two jasmine, one green, and one lychee!"
Iroh says: "I'm brewing as fast as I can!"
Katara notices Zuko and Iroh. Stunned, she runs away from the shop.
The scene returns to Aang and Pathik, who sit at the top of the temple at night.
Aang says: "This is the last chakra, isn't it?"
Pathik says: "Yes."
Pathik says: "Once you open this chakra, you will be able to go in and out of the Avatar State at will and when you are in the Avatar State, you will have complete control and awareness of all your actions."
Aang says: "Let's do this."
Pathik says: "The Thought Chakra is located at the crown of the head."
Pathik says: "It deals with pure cosmic energy, and is blocked by earthly attachment."
Pathik says: "Meditate on what attaches you to this world."
Pathik says: "Now, let all of those attachments go."
Pathik says: "Let them flow down the river, forgotten."
Aang says: "What?"
Aang says: "Why would I let go of Katara?"
Aang says: "I..."
Aang says: "I love her!"
Pathik says: "Learn to let her go, or you cannot let the pure cosmic energy flow in from the universe."
Aang says: "Why would I choose cosmic energy over Katara?"
Aang says: "How could it be a bad thing that I feel an attachment to her?"
Aang says: "Three chakras ago that was a good thing!"
Pathik says: "You must learn to let go."
Back at the palace, Katara runs to inform the Earth King, only to encounter the "Kyoshi Warriors".
Katara says: "Thank goodness you're here, Suki."
Katara says: "Something terrible is going on."
Katara says: "The Fire Nation has infiltrated the city, I just saw Prince Zuko and his uncle!"
Katara says: "We have to tell the Earth King right away!"
Azula says: "Oh, don't worry, I'll be sure to let him know."
Katara notices "Suki" has gold eyes and is shocked upon realization that the "Kyoshi Warriors" are actually Azula, Mai, and Ty Lee. She prepares to attack, but Ty Lee quickly jumps forward and blocks her chi.
Back at the temple.
Aang says: "I'm sorry, but I can't let go of Katara."
Pathik says: "Aang, to master the Avatar State, you must open all the chakras."
Pathik says: "Surrender yourself."
Aang says: "Okay, I'll try."
Pathik says: "Now think of your attachments and let them go."
Pathik says: "Let the pure cosmic energy flow."
Aang sees an image of him letting Katara go, and a bridge that will lead him to Avatar State mastery. His image looks down, smiles at the bridge, and walks up to the Avatar Spirit, which is an enlarged image of himself in the Avatar State. The Avatar Spirit is holding a ball of energy, and Aang walks directly inside of it. As he does so, his tatooes glow, and he closes his eyes. Right before he is able to completely open the final chakra and master the Avatar State, however, he hears a shriek from Katara and sees a vision of her in chains. At this, he jumps out of the energy sphere and runs away from the Avatar Spirit. The energy bridge that lead him there slowly vanishes behind him until it catches up and falls from underneath him, causing his image to plummet toward Earth. This cuts his connection to the Avatar State, which forces him back to reality.
Aang says: "Katara's in danger!"
Aang says: "I have to go!"
Pathik says: "No, Aang!"
Pathik says: "By choosing attachment, you have locked the chakra!"
Pathik says: "If you leave now, you won't be able to go into the Avatar State at all!"
Aang hesitates but leaves anyway, leaving Pathik concerned and disappointed. Meanwhile, the journey to take Toph back to her home is stopped when Xin Fu and Yu hear a loud noise. They go to investigate, and notice a hole in the cage and that Toph is gone.
Yu says: "It's another one her tricks!"
Xin Fu says: "There's a giant hole in the box!"
Xin Fu says: "How is that a trick!"
Xin Fu says: "?"
Toph says: "It's not!"
Toph says: "It's the real deal!"
She earthbends the two men together, throws them in the cage, and metalbends the cage shut.
Xin Fu says: "I'm going to be stuck in here forever with you, aren't I?"
Yu says: "I have to go the bathroom."
Back at the Water Tribe camp, Hakoda approaches Sokka.
Hakoda says: "Ready to go knock some Fire Nation heads?"
Sokka says: "You don't know how much this means to me, Dad."
Sokka says: "I'll make you proud and I'll finally prove to you what a great warrior I am."
Hakoda says: "Sokka, you don't have to prove anything to me."
Hakoda says: "I'm already proud of you and I've always known you're a great warrior."
Sokka says: "Really?"
Hakoda says: "Why do you think I trusted you to look after our tribe when I left?"
Just as the two are boarding the ship, Aang and Appa appear. Aang shows a clear look of concern.
Sokka says: "This can't be good news."
Aang and Sokka depart. Just as they're leaving, Sokka looks back at Hakoda, who looks back and grins. Back in Ba Sing Se, Azula is led into a prison by two Dai Li agents. She is taken to Long Feng's cell.
Azula says: "What is this about?"
Azula says: "Your agents show up in the middle of the night and drag me down here?"
Azula says: "You will not treat a Kyoshi Warrior this way!"
Long Feng says: "But you're not a Kyoshi Warrior, are you,  Princess Azula of the Fire Nation?"
Azula says: "What do you want?"
Long Feng says: "I want to make a deal."
Long Feng says: "It's time that I regain control of Ba Sing Se and you have something I need."
Azula says: "Oh?"
Long Feng says: "The Earth King's trust."
Azula says: "Why should I help you?"
Long Feng says: "Because I can get you the Avatar."
Azula says: "I'm listening..."
Long Feng smiles. Back at the Jasmine Dragon, a royal messenger enters.
Royal messenger says: "A message from the Royal Palace."
Iroh says: "I..."
Iroh says: "I can't believe it!"
Zuko says: "What is it, Uncle?"
Zuko smiles as he continues sweeping. Back in the prison hold, the door to Long Feng's cell is closed. Azula leaves Long Feng's presence and gives a smirk. Fade to credits.