The episode opens to a waxing gibbous moon glowing in the night sky. The scene cuts to a shot of a field of fire lilies, a mountain in the distance. Cuts to a forested area, where Team Avatar is camping out among the trees. The darkness of the night gives the landscape an ominous feeling.
Sokka says: "Ooh-aaah!"
Cuts to shot of the entire group sitting around the campfire. Aang is lying down, Katara is hunched over in a sitting position and Toph sits casually, all three looking unamused.
Aang says: "I think I like "the man with a sword for a hand" better."
Toph says: "Water Tribe slumber parties must stink."
Katara says: "No, wait!"
Katara says: "I've got one!"
Katara says: "And this is a true Southern Water Tribe story."
Sokka says: "Is this one of those "a friend of my cousin knew some guy that this happened to" stories?"
Katara says: "No, it happened to Mom."
Upon hearing this, Sokka stiffens. Cuts to Aang, who sits up to listen intently.
Katara says: "One winter when Mom was a girl, a snowstorm buried the whole village for weeks."
Katara says: "A month later, Mom noticed she hadn't seen her friend Nini since the storm."
Katara says: "So Mom and some others went to check on Nini's family."
Katara says: "When they got there, no one was home."
Katara says: "Mom turned and saw Nini standing by the fire."
Katara says: "She was blue like she was frozen."
Katara says: "Mom ran outside for help, but when everyone came back, Nini was gone."
Aang uses Momo's ears to cover his face in fear. The camera shifts to show Sokka hiding behind a gnarled tree stump.
Sokka says: "Where'd she go?"
Katara says: "No one knows."
Katara says: "Nini's house stands empty to this day, but sometimes, people see smoke coming up from the chimney, like little Nini is still trying to get warm."
The camera zooms out to where the gang is all huddled by the fire. Suddenly, Toph straightens up and places her hands on the ground.
Toph says: "I hear people under the mountain."
Toph says: "And they're screaming."
Sokka, assuming Toph is joking, relaxes his grip.
Sokka says: "Pfft!"
Sokka says: "Nice try."
Toph says: "No, I'm serious."
Toph says: "I hear something."
Katara says: "You're probably just jumpy from the ghost stories..."
Toph says: "It just..."
Toph says: "stopped."
Aang says: "All right, now I'm getting scared."
Hama says: "Hello, children."
Everyone screams in terror upon hearing the strange woman's voice and scrambles from the ground. An elderly woman emerges from the shadows.
Hama says: "Sorry to frighten you."
Hama says: "My name is Hama."
Hama says: "I have an inn nearby."
Hama says: "Why don't you come back there for some spiced tea and warm beds?"
Sokka says: "Yes, please."
Hama smiles and begins walking away. The scene changes to a village, her local inn lying atop a small hill. Cuts to inside the building, where tea is being poured into a teacup. Cuts to shot of the group sitting around the kitchen table.
Katara says: "Thanks for letting us stay here tonight."
Katara says: "You have a lovely inn."
Hama says: "You know you should be careful."
Hama says: "People have been disappearing in those woods you were camping in."
Sokka says: "What do you mean "disappearing"?"
Hama says: "Who wants more tea?"
Cuts to shot of the group, who has by now fallen completely silent, the camera panning to the right to show all of them sitting around the table.
Hama says: "Don't worry, you'll all be completely safe here."
Hama says: "Why don't I show you to your rooms and you can get a good night's rest?"
The scene changes to Sokka's room, where he is lying in bed with Momo asleep on the floor. Cuts to shot of him in bed as he rolls over. A creaking noise comes from outside, frightening him. He draws his sword quickly while Momo scampers under the covers.
Sokka says: "I know, Momo."
Sokka says: "I don't know if I'm gonna be able to fall asleep!"
The scene switches over to later in the night, where Sokka is fast asleep in his bed, snoring and drooling on his pillow. As it fades to the morning, he is lying sideways, next to the bed, though still fast asleep. Cut to a close-up of his face as a shadow approaches him. He slowly awakens, rubbing his eye.
Hama says: "Time to go shopping!"
Katara appears by her side, dressed and happily smiling. The camera shifts counter-clockwise, showing Sokka later in the day, dressed in his ordinary clothes, standing in the marketplace where Hama has just made her purchase. A friendly old man smiles and waves to her as she walks away.
Katara says: "That Mr."
Katara says: "Yao seems to have a thing for you."
Katara says: "Maybe we should go back and see if he'll give us some free komodo sausages?"
Hama says: "I think you and I are going to get along swimmingly!"
The two walk off-camera with Katara smiling at this remark. The scene switches over to two villagers having a conversation by a stand.
Villager says: "You won't have any ash bananas till next week?"
Shop owner says: "Well, I have to send the boy to Hing Wa Island to get them, and it's a two-day trip."
Villager says: "Oh, right."
Villager says: "Tomorrow's the full moon."
Shop owner says: "Exactly."
Shop owner says: "I can't lose another delivery boy in the woods."
Cuts to shot of Aang, Sokka, and Toph walking through the marketplace. Aang carrying a package slung over his shoulder, Sokka carrying a package attached to his sword, while Toph carries a large, round basket on her head.
Sokka says: "People disappearing in the woods, weird stuff happening during full moons?"
Sokka says: "This just reeks of Spirit World shenanigans."
Aang says: "I bet if we take a little walk around town, we'll find out what these people did to the environment to make the spirits mad."
Sokka says: "And then you can sew up this little mystery lickety-split, Avatar style!"
Aang says: "Helping people..."
Aang says: "that's what I do."
Cuts to overhead shot of the group standing in the marketplace as he, Sokka and Toph approach Katara and Hama.
Hama says: "Why don't you take all those things back to the inn?"
Hama says: "I just have to run a couple more errands."
Hama says: "I'll be back in a little while."
Sokka says: "This is a mysterious little town you have here."
Hama says: "Mysterious town for mysterious children."
She smiles creepily and saunters away, leaving Sokka feeling suspicious. The scene changes to a shot of Hama's inn, starting outside, before moving inside, where the gang is unpacking groceries. Sokka walks over to a counter and sets his basket down.
Sokka says: "That Hama seems a little strange."
Sokka says: "Like she knows something, or she's hiding something."
Katara says: "She kinda reminds me of Gran-Gran."
Sokka says: "But what did she mean by that comment, "mysterious children"?"
Katara says: "Gee, I don't know."
Katara says: "Maybe because she found four strange kids camping in the woods at night?"
Katara says: "Isn't that a little mysterious?"
Sokka says: "I'm gonna take a look around."
Katara says: "You can't just snoop around someone's house."
Sokka says: "It'll be fine."
Aang says: "She could be home any minute."
Katara says: "Sokka, you're gonna get us all in trouble and this is just plain rude!"
Sokka says: "Come on..."
The cupboard suddenly opens, revealing several wooden puppets stowed inside. The dolls fall forward, held together only by their strings. Everyone gasps; Sokka withdraws his sword, backs up and points it straight at the puppets.
Aang says: "Okay, that's pretty creepy."
Katara says: "Hama will be back soon."
Sokka says: "Just an ordinary puppet-loving innkeeper, huh?"
Sokka says: "Well then why does she have a locked door up here?"
Katara says: "Probably to keep people like you from snooping through her stuff!"
Sokka says: "We'll see."
Sokka says: "It's empty, except for a little chest."
Toph says: "Maybe it's treasure!"
Sokka grows excited, his eyes growing wide, and uses his sword to pick the lock.
Katara says: "Sokka, what are you doing?"
Katara says: "You're breaking into a private room!"
Sokka says: "I have to see what's in there."
The door unlocks and creaks open. The four step cautiously inside; Sokka puts away his sword and approaches the small chest.
Aang says: "We shouldn't be doing this."
Sokka picks up the chest and tries to pry it open, only to discover it is locked.
Sokka says: "Maybe there's a key here somewhere..."
Toph says: "Ooh!"
Toph says: "Hand it over!"
She takes the chest, removes her meteor bracelet from her arm and earthbends it into the shape of a small key, which she sticks into the keyhole of the chest.
Sokka says: "Come on, come on!"
Toph says: "This isn't as easy as it looks!"
Aang says: "Guys, I don't know about this..."
Katara says: "This is crazy!"
Katara says: "I'm leaving!"
Sokka says: "Suit yourself!"
Sokka says: "Do it, Toph!"
Katara turns to leave the moment Toph signals that she has successfully opened the chest, holding her thumb up. All four eagerly surround the box in a comical fashion, anticipating what they will find inside.
Hama says: "I'll tell you what's in the box."
All, except Toph, scream and turn sharply to find Hama standing in the doorway. Cuts to shot of the group, still looking stunned, except Toph. Sokka guiltily hands her the box. Cuts to shot from inside the chest, as Hama lifts the lid and reaches her hand inside. Cuts to close-up of Sokka, his eyes wide in anxiousness, and a shot of Hama still in the process of lifting the object. Cuts to shot of the team standing together from her perspective. Her left arm appears on-screen, a blue whale tooth comb in her hand. Cuts to shot of her holding the comb, smiling.
Sokka says: "An old comb?"
Hama says: "It's my greatest treasure."
Hama says: "It's the last thing I own from growing up in the Southern Water Tribe."
The camera zooms in on Katara and Sokka, who stare at her in astonishment.
Katara says: "You're from the Southern Water Tribe?"
Hama says: "Just like you."
Katara says: "How did you know?"
Hama says: "I heard you talking around your campfire."
Sokka says: "But why didn't you tell us?"
Hama says: "I wanted to surprise you!"
Hama says: "I bought all this food today so I could fix you a big Water Tribe dinner."
Hama says: "Of course, I can't get all the ingredients I need here, but ocean kumquats are a lot like sea prunes if you stew them long enough."
Aang says: "Great..."
Katara says: "I knew I felt a bond with you right away."
Sokka says: "And I knew you were keeping a secret, so I guess we're both right."
Sokka says: "But I'm sorry we were sneaking around."
Hama says: "Apology accepted."
Hama says: "Now, let's get cooking!"
The scene changes to later that night, where Aang races from the inn to the barn located toward the back of the property. Cuts to overhead shot of inside the barn, where Appa and Momo lie. The doors creak open and Aang steps inside. Cuts to ground-level shot of him standing before the bison, tossing a cabbage-like vegetable into Appa's mouth. Momo dances in front of the bison's face and chitters, irritated. Appa opens his mouth and releases the cabbage, which Momo grabs. The lemur skitters away. Cuts to shot of Hama's kitchen table, as she sets down a bowl of soup. Cuts to shot of the entire room, the team and the innkeeper sitting around the table. Sokka is seen chewing on a food item, as Hama takes her seat at the head of the table.
Aang says: "I'd steer clear of the sea prunes."
Toph says: "I thought they were ocean kumquats."
Aang says: "Close enough."
Hama says: "Who wants five flavor soup?"
All four raise their hands in acceptance. Hama situates her hands over the bowl and suddenly uses waterbending to summon a globule of soup and fill each of their bowls. Cuts to shot of the team looking at the spectacle in astonishment, the camera panning to the right. Four streams of soup land gracefully into each of their bowls.
Katara says: "I've never met another waterbender from our tribe!"
Hama says: "That's because the Fire Nation wiped them all out."
Hama says: "I was the last one..."
Cuts to shot of Sokka and Katara, Katara clasping her hands together, an expression of pity on her face.
Sokka says: "So how did you end up out here?"
Hama says: "I was stolen from my home."
The scene fades to a flashback of a much younger Hama peacefully sauntering through her Southern Water Tribe village.
Hama says: "It was over sixty years ago when the raids started."
She approaches her friend, Kanna, and they share a laugh before they notice ashen snow falling from the sky. The two race to the shores, where five Fire Nation ships are rapidly approaching the tribe. Five fireballs are launched from trebuchets and strike the village. Fire Nation soldiers swarm the area, battling the waterbenders, who desperately attempt to fend them off.
Hama says: "They came again and again, each time rounding up more of our waterbenders and taking them captive."
The battle scene fades to another scene, where Hama and several other waterbenders use waterbending to capsize a Fire Nation vessel.
Hama says: "We did our best to hold them off, but our numbers dwindled as the raids continued."
As she is narrating, Water Tribe civilians who aided in the suspension of the vessel are seen slowly fading, signaling their capture by the Fire Nation. The camera rotates around her and zooms out, revealing dozens of firebenders surrounding her.
Hama says: "Finally, I too was captured."
The younger Hama is seen being led by Fire Nation soldiers onto one of their naval vessels, having now been captured herself.
Hama says: "I was led away in chains."
Hama says: "The last waterbender of the Southern Water Tribe."
A final scene shows her looking out onto her tribe's members, including her friend, Kanna, in tears as the bow creaks upward. The flashback ends. Now in present time, Katara is seen walking over to Hama and placing her arms around her shoulder comfortingly.
Hama says: "They put us in terrible prisons here in the Fire Nation."
Hama says: "I was the only one who managed to escape."
Sokka says: "How did you get away?"
Sokka says: "And why did you stay in the Fire Nation?"
Hama says: "I'm sorry."
Hama says: "It's too painful to talk about anymore."
Katara says: "We completely understand."
Katara says: "We lost our mother in a raid."
Hama says: "Oh, you poor things."
Aang and Sokka cast their heads down solemnly.
Katara says: "I can't tell you what it means to meet you."
Katara says: "It's an honor."
Katara says: "You're a hero."
Hama says: "I never thought I'd meet another Southern waterbender."
Hama says: "I'd like to teach you what I know so you can carry on the Southern tradition when I'm gone."
Katara says: "Yes!"
Katara says: "Yes, of course!"
Katara says: "To learn about my heritage, it would mean everything to me."
She bows to her newfound friend, who smiles warmly. The scene changes to the next day, where Hama and Katara are strolling on the outskirts of Hama's village.
Hama says: "Growing up in the South Pole, waterbenders are totally at home surrounded by snow and ice and seas."
Hama says: "But as you probably noticed on your travels, that isn't the case wherever you go."
Katara says: "I know!"
Katara says: "When we were stranded in the desert, I felt like there was almost nothing I could do."
Hama says: "That's why you have to learn to control water wherever it exists."
Katara says: "I've even used my own sweat for waterbending."
Hama says: "That's very resourceful, Katara."
Hama says: "You're thinking like a true master."
Hama says: "But did you know you could even pull water out of thin air?"
In a quick movement of her right arm, Hama uses waterbending to manipulate the water vapor in the air, liquefying it and coating her fingertips.
Hama says: "You have got to keep an open mind, Katara."
Hama says: "There's water in places you never think about."