The episode opens to a body of water, a small ferry cruising through the ocean. The head of a large sea lion emerges from the water and the creature is shown to be pulling the boat. As the camera pans out, we see Azula, who is leaning her back against a railing with her arms crossed, and Ty Lee, who is looking out in front of them.
Ty Lee says: "I'm so excited to spend the weekend on Ember Island."
Zuko says: "I feel like a child."
Azula says: "Lighten up."
Azula says: "So Dad wants to meet with his advisers alone, without anyone else around."
Azula says: "Don't take it personally."
Ty Lee says: "Doesn't your family have a house on Ember Island?"
Azula says: "We used to come every summer when we were kids."
Ty Lee says: "That must have been fun!"
Zuko says: "That was a long time ago."
Cut to a wide shot of the ocean as the camera pans right across various charming houses on Ember Island's shore, many elegant-looking, before stopping at a dock. The boat enters the frame and moves toward the dock. Cut to frontal view of the group. Cut to frontal view of Lo and Li on the docks as the boat moves to block the view slightly. Cut to a wide shot from behind Lo and Li as the boat docks. Cut to frontal view of Lo and Li.
Lo says: "Welcome to Ember Island, kids."
Li says: "Welcome to Ember Island, kids."
The camera pans upward to the smallest of the beach houses overlooking the water. Cut to frontal view of the gang looking on, disappointed. Cut to the house's interior. Cut close-up as one of the sisters enters, followed by Azula. The camera cuts to an overhead view just as Ty Lee enters, showing the group from behind. Cut to side-view of Zuko and Mai who turn to face the camera.
Zuko says: "It smells like old lady in here."
Mai says: "Gee, I wonder why."
Lo says: "Can't you tell?"
Li says: "It's Lo and me."
Lo says: "It's Li and me."
Cut to frontal view of the gang with the two sisters in the foreground. Everyone looks at them, disturbed. Zuko covers his mouth with his hand, about to vomit. Cut to close-up aerial view of a bed with pink sheets as Ty Lee lies down on it.
Ty Lee says: "Ooh, I love the seashell bedspread."
Mai says: "Are you serious?"
Mai says: "It looks like the beach threw up all over it."
Li says: "We know you're upset that you were forced to come here this weekend."
Lo says: "But Ember Island is a magical place."
Lo says: "Keep an open mind."
Li says: "Give it a chance."
Lo says: "And it can help you understand yourselves and each other."
Li says: "And it can help you understand yourselves and each other."
Lo says: "The beach has a special way..."
Li says: "..."
Li says: "of smoothing even the most ragged edges."
Frontal view of the trio as Ty Lee joins them and Azula yawns. Cut to frontal view of the sisters.
Lo says: "Time to hit the beach!"
Li says: "Time to hit the beach!"
They tear off their robes to reveal that they are wearing loosely-fitting bathing suits. Cut to frontal view of Mai and Zuko. Mai covers Zuko's eyes from the sight. Cut to a panning shot of the ground up to reveal a secluded hot spring.
Toph says: "Aang, I know swimming is fun and all,  Cover up."
Aang says: "What?"
Aang says: "I'm wearing trunks."
Toph says: "I know."
Toph says: "It's your tattoos I'm worried about."
Toph says: "What if someone sees you?"
Katara says: "There are walls all around us."
Katara says: "It's completely safe."
Cut to Aang and Momo from behind as Aang continues to float back. Momo chitters and he and Aang both notice something. Cut to frontal view of a slide-like tunnel of water. Aang smiles and jumps over a rock to ride down the tunnel. Cut inside the tunnel as Aang slides down the water, cheering in the process. The camera pans right as he goes around a bend. Cut to close-up of Aang cheering as Momo holds on. Cut to frontal view of Fire Nation soldier sitting down fanning himself with another soldier flossing his toes with the back edge of his sword in the foreground.
Fire Nation watchman #1.
Completely unamused. This has got to be the most boring job in the Fire Nation. Close-up of the other watchman who sniffs the back edge of his sword. Nothing ever happens.
Fire Nation watchman #1.
The Avatar's alive! We'd better send a messenger hawk to the Fire Lord. He gets up and moves off camera. Cut to a frontal view of a messenger hawk as the watchman opens the cage. The messenger hawk steps on to the watchman's arm. Cut to behind the messenger hawk as the watchman attaches a message with a black ribbon around it. Cut to frontal view as the hawk takes off and the camera pans out slightly to reveal both watchmen.
Fire Nation watchman #2.
A black ribbon message. Wide shot from behind the two guards as the hawk flies away. Enthusiastically. This is so exciting! The watchmen turn to each other, the other not amused as the second one chuckles.
Cut to shot of the ocean as the camera pans right to reveal a beach on Ember Island. Cut closer to a frontal view of a teen jumping into the water to surf. Cut to side-view of Zuko, Mai, Ty Lee, and Azula are walking on the beach. Azula is carrying a blanket, Ty Lee, a bag, and Zuko and Mai, an umbrella. Cut to close-up of Mai and Zuko. Cut to a sandcastle being built by two kids as Azula steps on it. Cut to frontal view of Azula and Ty Lee as Azula looks down at them intimidatingly. Cut to side-view as the boys run away screaming. Azula kicks a bucket out of the way. Cut to frontal view of Ty Lee, who is approached by a boy.
Ember Island teenager #1.
Hey, you need some help unpacking?
Ty Lee says: "Sure."
Ty Lee says: "Thanks."
Cut to close-up aerial view of the teen as he "helps" Ty Lee unpack by throwing out random contents of the bag until he finally finds a blanket. The camera pans out to show Azula watching as the teen begins laying it out for Ty Lee. Azula looks away in annoyance and jealousy as Ty Lee sits on the blanket.
Cut to frontal view of Mai and Zuko under an umbrella, sitting on their own blanket. A boy runs past, laughing. Cut to a close view of Zuko from above as he turns to see a shell.
Mai says: "Why would I want that?"
Zuko says: "I saw it, and I thought it was pretty."
Zuko says: "Don't girls like stuff like this?"
Mai says: "Maybe stupid girls."
Cut to a view of the ocean with another teenager with his back to the camera. The shell lands next to him. He turns and looks toward Ty Lee. Cut to over the shoulder view of Ty Lee from a distance. The camera zooms in on Ty Lee who moves her hair away, in slow motion, as sparkles appear around her. Cut to close-up of the teenager smiling broadly. Cut to frontal view of the first teenager still standing over Ty Lee as the second teen quickly moves in front of Ty Lee, offering the shell.
Ty Lee says: "Wow!"
Ty Lee says: "Thanks."
Ty Lee says: "This is so pretty."
Ember Island teenager #2.
Frontal view of the two teens from the side of Ty Lee. The first teen showing his anger. Not as pretty as you are.
Ember Island teenager #1.
Moves to the side of the other teen; annoyed. That shell's not so great!
Ty Lee says: "Ahem!"
Ty Lee says: "Shade."
Ty Lee says: "Shade!"
Cut to frontal view of Mai sitting under the umbrella. Zuko appears and sits back down next to Mai with two ice cream cones.
Mai says: "Thanks."
Mai says: "This is really refreshing."
Cut to a view of the sky as a teenager appears and leaps to hit a ball. Cut to side-view of some kids playing kuai ball. The camera zooms out as the ball is sent flying. The camera zooms out to show Azula watching. Cut to an extreme close-up as she gives a sly smile. Cut to frontal view with Mai and Zuko sitting behind Azula.
Azula says: "Ty Lee, get over here, now!"
Ty Lee does a handstand and walks on her hands to Azula. Cut to side-view of Zuko standing. Zuko takes off his shirt and throws it down as doves fly in the background. Cut to frontal view of a group of girls looking at him dreamily while blushing and giggling. Cut to a view of the beach as the camera pans left to show the group now on the kuai ball field. Cut to a view of the sky as the foursome enters the frame and gets together in a team huddle.
Azula says: "See that girl with the silly pigtails?"
Azula says: "When she runs toward the ball,  Dismissed."
The camera cuts and zooms out to show the two teams at the ready. Cut to frontal view of Azula as she throws the ball into the air, the camera pans up to follow it. Azula leaps up and kicks the ball. Cut to frontal view of the other team as the ball goes flying past them. Cut to frontal view of Zuko as he sprints forward. Cut to a shot further away as he approaches the camera and slides down to kick the ball up. Azula runs forward and hits the ball away as it falls. Cut to a teenage girl who attempts to dive for the ball, but misses. Cut to three other teens as the ball flies over one of them. Cut to side-view of two teenage boys sitting down as the ball rolls to a stop next to them. Cut to Ty Lee as she leaps up and kicks the ball down, and lands on the net. Cut back to the two boys, Chan and Ruon-Jian, with a close-up on Chan. Cut to frontal shot of Mai as she runs forward. Cut to another frontal shot as she kicks the ball. Cut back to Chan and Ruon-Jian again, Chan thoughtfully rubs his chin. Cut to aerial shot of the kuai ball field as Azula jumps on Zuko for a boost and kicks the ball. Cut to a close-up side-view of the ball as it rockets forward. The ball expands slightly before cutting to a wide side-view of the entire field and the ball explodes, setting the net on fire. Cut to a view of the opposing team as the net burns in the foreground.
Azula says: "Well."
Azula says: "That was fun."
Chan says: "You should come by."
Ty Lee says: "Sure."
Ty Lee says: "I love parties."
Ruon-Jian says: "Your friend can come, too."
Azula says: "You don't know who we are, do you?"
Chan says: "Don't you know who we are?"
Chan says: "We're Chan and Ruon-Jian."
Ruon-Jian says: "Yeah."
Frontal view of Ty Lee and Azula as Zuko starts walking toward them aggressively, but is stopped by Azula.
Chan says: "But, fine, you're invited."
Chan says: "Just so you know, though, some of the most important teenagers in the Fire Nation are gonna be at this party, so try and act normal."
Azula says: "We'll do our best."
Cut to wide-view of the beach house. Cut inside, aerial view of the group eating with Lo and Li.
Zuko says: "Why didn't you tell those guys who we were?"
Azula says: "I guess I was intrigued."
Azula says: "I'm so used to people worshiping us."
Ty Lee says: "They should."
Azula says: "Yes, I know, and I love it."
Azula says: "But, for once, I just wanted to see how people would treat us if they didn't know who we were."
Li says: "Ember Island gives everyone a clean slate."
Lo says: "Ember Island reveals the true you."
Lo says: "To the party!"
Li says: "To the party!"
Cut to a aerial view of a river as the messenger hawk sent by the guards flies past. Cut to a frontal view of the hawk as a raven hawk appears from behind it. Cut to aerial view looking down at the messenger hawk with the raven hawk in the foreground. Cut to a close-up side-view of the raven hawk before it dives down. Cut to frontal view as the raven hawk continues to dive, spreading its talons. Cut to wide frontal view of the messenger hawk as it is attacked by the raven hawk. The raven hawk ties the messenger hawk up with the black ribbon and it falls to the ground. Cut further away as the messenger hawk continues to fall and the raven hawk dives after it. Cut to a frontal view of the messenger hawk struggling on the ground. The raven hawk approaches and lands nearby, as the camera zooms out slightly. The raven hawk steals the message and takes off. Cut to a view of the sky as the raven hawk appears and flies down to land on the metal arm of the assassin with a third eye tattoo on his forehead; the camera pans down with the raven hawk. The assassin moves his arm toward him and the camera pans right. Cut to a close-up of the raven hawk presenting him with the message. He takes the message and the camera cuts to a frontal view as he reads it. The camera cuts to a closer view of his face as he moves the letter in front of the camera and burns right through the middle of it. The camera zooms in through the hole slightly to show his face.
Cut to a frontal view of a beach house. Cut to a close-up of a door knocker being used by Azula. The door opens to reveal Chan.
Chan says: "Um..."
Chan says: "You're a little early."
Chan says: "No one's here yet."
Azula says: "I heard you telling someone you'd be partying from dusk 'till dawn."
Azula says: "It's dusk, so we're here."
Chan says: "But that's just an expression."
Azula says: "We are the perfect party guests."
Azula says: "We arrive right on time, because we are very punctual."
Cut to a frontal view of Chan, who shrugs, and gestures them to follow as he turns away. Azula and Ty Lee enter first as the camera cuts inside to a wide-view of the room.
Chan says: "All right, listen."
Chan says: "My dad's an admiral."
Chan says: "He has no idea I'm having this party,  so don't mess anything up."
Azula says: "because it's so sharp."
Chan says: "Um..."
Chan says: "thanks."
Chan walks away. Cut to a close-up of Azula, whose smile changes to a look of disappointment. Cut to a view of Ruon-Jian through a mirror he is using to fix his hair. The camera zooms out as he notices the group. The camera cuts further away as he turns away. Azula turns to look at him but carries on. Ty Lee and Zuko follow her.
Ruon-Jian says: "Hey!"
Ruon-Jian says: "First ones here, huh?"
Zuko says: "Well, what do you think of him?"
Mai says: "I don't have any opinion about him."
Mai says: "I hardly know him."
Zuko says: "You like him, don't you?"
Zuko glares at Ruon-Jian. Cut to frontal view of Zuko staring at Ruon-Jian, before he walks away. Cut to a side-view of food on a table. The camera pans up to show the party has begun as folk music plays and people are talking in the background. Cut to a frontal view of two teens.
Ember Island teenager #2.
So how do you know Ty Lee?
Ember Island teenager #3.
I met her at the beach today. She was pretty impressed by a sand pagoda that I made for her.
Ember Island teenager #1.
Camera zooms out slightly. Well, I met her first.
More teens appear the sides to form a circle. Cut to a frontal view of Ty Lee showing her surrounded by five teens.
Ty Lee says: "Look, i-it doesn't matter who I met first, 'cause I like you all."
Ember Island teenager #2.
Frontal view. But which one of us do you like?
Ember Island teenager #1.
Yeah.
Ember Island teenager #3.
Tell us.
Ty Lee says: "Oh, I'm glad you're here."
Ty Lee says: "Those boys won't leave me alone."
Ty Lee says: "I guess they all just like me too much."
Azula says: "Come on, Ty Lee."
Azula says: "You can't be this ignorant."
Ty Lee says: "What are you talking about?"
Azula says: "jealous."
Ty Lee says: "What?"
Ty Lee says: "You're jealous of me?"
Ty Lee says: "But you're the most beautiful, smartest, perfect girl in the world."
Azula says: "But, for some reason, when I meet boys, they act as if I'm going to do something horrible to them."
Ty Lee says: "just look at him and smile a lot and laugh at everything he says even if it's not funny."
Azula says: "Let's try it."
Ty Lee says: "Hey there, sweet sugar cakes."
Ty Lee says: "How you liking this party?"
Close-up of Azula, who laughs loudly. Cut to side-view that zooms out and shows the entire party stopping to stare at her. Cut to a frontal view of some teens looking on. Cut to frontal view of Mai and Zuko sitting on a bench. A teen walks past.
Mai says: "I'm bored."
Zuko says: "I know."
Mai says: "I'm hungry."
Zuko says: "So what?"
Mai says: "So, find me some food."
Zuko says: "Sure."
Cut to frontal view of Chan, who is talking to a girl. Azula approaches.
Azula says: "Chan, I'm ready for a tour of the house."
Chan rubs the back of his head and hands the girl he is talking to his cup, leaving her upset. Azula places her cup on the girl's head before they walk away, angering the girl. Cut to a side-view of them walking out on to a balcony overlooking the ocean.
Chan says: "Is this your first time on Ember Island?"
Azula says: "No."
Azula says: "I used to come here years ago."
Chan says: "Yeah, it's like, welcome to Sandy Land!"
They both laugh. Cut to close-up of Chan laughing before he stops to smile and move toward Azula. Cut to frontal view as Chan stops to stand next to her.
Azula says: "Your arms look so strong."
Chan says: "Yeah, I know."
Chan says: "You're pretty."
Azula says: "We will dominate the Earth!"
Close-up of Chan, who is so utterly freaked out by Azula's words and fire that he gets a straight face. His eyes become small and a drop of sweat drips down his forehead. Behind him, coming from the right of the screen, a fake white bird flies past leaving yellow dots, showing the extent of his emotions.
Chan says: "Uh..."
Chan says: "I got to go."
Chan slides away, attempting to hide his fear. Cut to frontal view of the balcony as he slides back inside. Cut to frontal view of Azula, upset. Cut to frontal view of Zuko getting food. Cut to aerial view of him walking away. As he walks away, someone bumps into him and he drops the food. Cut to close-up view of the food hitting the ground. Cut to a frontal view of the teen who knocked the dish out of Zuko's hand. Zuko enters the frame.
Zuko says: "Hey, watch it!"
Zuko says: "That food was for my cranky girlfriend!"
Zuko points to Mai. The teen notices something and Zuko turns to look. The camera shifts to a frontal view of Mai, who is talking to Ruon-Jian. Cut back to Zuko and the teen, who is attempting to suppress his laughter and points at Zuko. Zuko moves toward Mai. Cut to side-view of Mai as Zuko runs up to Ruon-Jian and pushes him away. Cut to Ruon-Jian stopping himself from spinning to talk to Zuko.
Ruon-Jian says: "What are you doing?"
Zuko says: "Stop talking to my girlfriend!"
Ruon-Jian says: "Relax."
Ruon-Jian says: "It's just a party."
Frontal view of Ruon-Jian. Zuko knocks him across the room into a vase, which breaks from the force. Side-view of Zuko as Mai stands up and turns him around.
Mai says: "Zuko, what is wrong with you?"
Zuko says: "What's wrong with me?"
Mai says: "Your temper is out of control."
Mai says: "You blow up over every little thing."
Mai says: "You're so impatient and hotheaded and angry!"
Zuko says: "You have no passion for anything!"
Zuko says: "You're just a big blah!"
Mai says: "It's over, Zuko."
Mai says: "We're done."
Chan says: "That's it!"
Chan says: "You're out of here!"
Zuko says: "I was just leaving."
Ruon-Jian says: "Have fun by yourself, loser boy."
Chan says: "Nice."
Cut to behind Zuko, slamming the door behind him. Cut to a side-view of a beach as Zuko walks along it. Cut to side-view of Zuko. Cut to aerial view as he walks around a rock. He stops and turns. Cut to a wide-view of his family's abandoned vacation house. Cut to a close-up of Zuko, who heads off. Cut to a side-view as he turns to the ocean. The camera zooms in and flashes back to when he was a child. A still frame of children playing in grass accompanied by Ozai is shown. Flash back to present day as Zuko moves on. Cut to a close-up of Zuko walking up a path to the house. Flash back to a close-up still frame of Zuko as a child. Flash back to present day with a view from behind Zuko as he approaches the house. Flash back to Iroh holding up a baby Zuko as a young Lu Ten makes a sandcastle.
Flash back to present day showing an aerial view of the entrance to the house as Zuko approaches. The camera pans up, following Zuko, as he reaches the door. Cut to a close-up side-view of Zuko's hand grabbing the door handle and attempts to open the door, but it is locked. His hand retracts and his foot kicks the door open. Cut to frontal view of Zuko as the door is busted open. Cut to a wide shot of a room as Zuko walks up the stairs. Cut to a close-up view of a family portrait. Cut to close-up of Zuko who stares at the portrait. Cut to a close-up view of Ozai in the portrait as the camera pans down to a young Zuko. Flash back to Zuko as a child, from behind, looking out to the ocean. Ozai's hand is on his back. Flash back to a close-up of present day Zuko as he turns his head slightly. Cut to a close-up of Zuko in the portrait as the camera pans up to Ursa. Flash back to side-view of Zuko, as a child, with Ursa.
Flash back to a frontal view of present day Zuko moving forward and reaching out for something. Cut to his perspective showing him holding a stone imprinted with his own baby hand print. He lifts it up and places his hand on it. Cut to side-view of the room.
Cut to the secluded hot springs at night. Cut to a side-view of Team Avatar sleeping. Cut to a close-up of the assassin's foot hitting the ground as he walks forward. Cut to Toph as she opens her eyes, sensing his approach. Cut to a frontal view of her as she sits up.
Toph says: "Guys, you're all gonna think I'm crazy, but it feels like a metal man is coming."
Cut to a side-view of Aang, who groans as a light shines in his eyes. He looks up and the camera cuts to a wide-view of the area as the light comes down from the assassin. Cut to a close-up of the assassin's metal hand, reflecting the moon light. Cut to a frontal view of Sokka and Katara as the former grabs his sword. Cut to an aerial view of the assassin looking down at the group. Cut to an extreme close-up of the assassin's tattoo. Cut to a close-up of his face as he inhales. Cut to an extreme close-up of Aang's right eye, before the camera zooms out, showing him in shock, and he moves away. Cut to a frontal view of the assassin's stomach tensing. Cut to a close-up of the assassin's face as he fires, before cutting to a side-view of the combustion wave being shot out. The camera zooms out slightly as the wave shoots forward. Cut to a wide-view of Team Avatar as Aang attempts to block the attack with earthbending. The earth he moved in the way of the wave explodes and sends Team Avatar flying back. Cut to a frontal view of Toph who manages to steady herself and begins to earthbend. Cut to a side-view of the scene as she earthbends rocks up to the assassin. Cut to a close view of the rocks approaching the assassin as another wave fires through them.
Cut to a side-view of the scene as the wave nears the group. Cut to an aerial view of the group as Toph manages to dodge out the way before Aang uses airbending as a shield. Cut to frontal view of Aang as he is knocked back by the force. Katara stands up and runs forward. Cut to a panning side-view of Katara as she waterbends a wave at the assassin. Cut to a close-up of the assassin shooting another wave. Cut to a side-view of the scene as the water makes contact with the wave, causing another explosion. Side-view of Aang, who covers his face, and Appa roars in the background. Dust covers the screen. Cut to an aerial view of the entire hot springs as smoke begins to rise from it. Cut behind the assassin before cutting away to a wide shot of the Fire Nation Royal Family vacation house.
Cut to a wide-view of the ocean, on Ember Island, from the vacation house entrance as Azula approaches. The camera pans down as she reaches Zuko, who is sitting at the entrance.
Azula says: "I thought I'd find you here."
Zuko says: "Those summers we spent here seem so long ago."
Zuko says: "So much has changed."
Azula says: "Come down to the beach with me."
Azula says: "Come on."
Azula says: "This place is depressing."
Zuko gets up, the camera pans down to reveal the stone hand print left behind. Cut to a panning shot of the beach showing Azula and Zuko approaching Mai and Ty Lee. Cut to a frontal view of Zuko as he walks past Mai and glances at her.
Mai says: "Hey."
Ty Lee says: "I'm freezing."
Zuko says: "There's plenty of stuff to burn in there."
Cut to an extreme close-up of the assassin's eye before zooming out to show him inhaling. Cut to a side-view as he fires again. Cut to inside the hot spring as wave hits a hill, causing an explosion. Cut to side-view of Team Avatar.
Sokka says: "This is crazy!"
Sokka says: "How can we beat a guy who blows things up with his mind?"
Aang says: "We can't!"
Aang says: "Jump on Appa!"
Aang says: "I'll try to distract him!"
Aang runs off. Cut to behind Aang as he runs through the smoke. The camera pans up as he jumps out of the smoke cloud and airbends himself out of the canyon, while dodging another blast from the assassin. He slides down to an area with many rock pillars and hides behind one. Cut to a frontal view from below as Aang slides down the cliff side. Cut behind Aang as he runs off in to a field of rock pillars and the camera pans up to follow him. Cut to side-view of the assassin following him.
Cut to a frontal view of a pillar as Aang runs around it to hide. Cut to a frontal view of the assassin sliding down the cliff to the field of rock pillars. Cut to a close-up of Aang, panting. He turns his head to watch where the assassin goes. Cut to a side-view of the assassin who spots Aang and fires another blast at him. Cut to a frontal view of Aang who turns and run. Cut to an aerial view as the attack hits the pillar and it explodes. Aang jumps to another, but another attack hits that one too. Cut to a side-view of the scene as Aang jumps from one pillar to another, just as the previous one is destroy, before stopping behind one in the foreground. Aang uses earthbending to send the pillar at the assassin. Cut to behind the pillar as it explodes, revealing the assassin, who fires another shot.
Cut to Aang, who leaps into the air and, in slow motion, uses airbending to propel himself away and protect himself. Cut to behind Aang falling in the air, before he turns and punches his way through a pillar. Cut to a side-view as the pillar disintegrates and Aang hits the ground. Cut to an aerial view of the area as the assassin moves forward to find Aang. Cut to a frontal view as the assassin approaches. Cut to an aerial view of the assassin examining the rubble. Cut to a close-up of his forehead as he searches. Cut to a frontal view of Aang, hidden behind rocks, his closed eyes barely visible, as the assassin walks past. The camera zooms in as Aang opens his eyes and turns to look at the assassin. Cut to a view from behind the assassin as he stops. Cut to a close-up view as he turns to inspect the rocks. Cut to a frontal view of Aang, who opens his eyes and leaps forward. Cut to a side-view of the two as Aang, complete with rock armor, jumps on to the assassins head and jumps away while the assassin fires off another attack. Cut to an aerial view as Aang flies up, with the attack exploding behind him. The rock armor falls off and the camera pans down to show Appa below Aang as he begins to fall. Cut to a frontal view of Appa as he flies forward under Aang, who is caught by Katara.
Cut to a frontal view of Momo, Aang, Katara, and Toph in the saddle. Aang and Katara hold on to each other as he speaks.
Aang says: "I'm okay."
Toph says: "Well, that was random."
Katara says: "I don't think so."
Katara says: "I get the feeling he knows who we are."
Cut to a close-up of a campfire. The picture of the Royal Family is thrown into the fire. Cut to a close-up of Zuko in the picture as it begins to burn.
Ty Lee says: "What are you doing?"
Zuko says: "What does it look like I'm doing?"
Ty Lee says: "But, it's a painting of your family."
Zuko says: "You think I care?"
Ty Lee says: "I think you do."
Zuko says: "You don't know me, so why don't you just mind your own business?"
Ty Lee says: "I know you."
Zuko says: "You're stuck in your little "Ty Lee world" where everything's great all the time."
Mai says: "Zuko,  leave her alone."
Zuko says: "Circus freak."
Ty Lee says: "Yes, I'm a circus freak."
Ty Lee says: "Go ahead and laugh all you want."
Ty Lee says: "You want to know why I joined the circus?"
Azula says: "Here we go."
Ty Lee says: ""Circus freak" is a compliment."
Mai says: "Guess that explains why you need ten boyfriends, too."
Ty Lee says: "I'm sorry, what?"
Mai says: "Attention issues."
Mai says: "You couldn't get enough attention when you were a kid, so you're trying to make up for it now."
Ty Lee says: "Well, what's your excuse, Mai?"
Ty Lee says: "You were an only child for fifteen years, but even with all that attention, your aura is this dingy, pasty, gray..."
Mai says: "I don't believe in auras."
Zuko says: "Yeah, you do not believe in anything."
Mai says: "Oh, well, I'm sorry I can't be as high-strung and crazy as the rest of you."
Zuko says: "She just called your aura dingy."
Zuko says: "Are you gonna take that?"
Mai says: "My mother said I had to keep out of trouble."
Mai says: "We had my dad's political career to think about."
Azula says: "You have a controlling mother who had certain expectations, and if you strayed from them, you were shut down."
Azula says: "That's why you're afraid to care about anything, and why you can't express yourself."
Mai says: "Leave me alone!"
Zuko says: "My life hasn't been that easy either, Mai."
Mai says: "Whatever."
Mai says: "That doesn't excuse the way you've been acting."
Ty Lee says: "Calm down, you guys."
Ty Lee says: "This much negative energy is bad for your skin."
Ty Lee says: "You'll totally break out."
Zuko says: "Bad skin?"
Ty Lee says: "Sorry, Zuko, I..."
Zuko says: "I'm angrier than ever and I don't know why!"
Azula says: "There's a simple question you need to answer, then."
Azula says: "Who are you angry at?"
Zuko says: "No one."
Zuko says: "I'm just angry."
Mai says: "Yeah, who are you angry at, Zuko?"
Azula says: "Is it Dad?"
Zuko says: "No, no."
Ty Lee says: "Your uncle?"
Azula says: "Me?"
Zuko says: "No, no, n-no, no!"
Mai says: "Then who?"
Mai says: "Who are you angry at?"
Azula says: "Answer the question, Zuko."
Ty Lee says: "Talk to us."
Mai says: "Come on, answer the question."
Azula says: "Come on, answer it."
Zuko says: "I'm angry at myself!"
Slamming down with his clenched fists he causes the camp fire to turn into a pillar of fire, the girls recoil from the flames. Cut to close-up view from above of Zuko. Cut to a wide-view of the entire campsite as the flame dies down. Zuko turns away.
Azula says: "Why?"
Zuko says: "Because I'm confused."
Zuko says: "Because I'm not sure I know the difference between right and wrong anymore."
Azula says: "You're pathetic."
Azula says: "Well, those were wonderful performances, everyone."
Zuko says: "Because you're just so perfect."
Azula says: "She was right, of course, but it still hurt."
Ty Lee says: "What Lo and Li said came true."
Ty Lee says: "The beach did help us learn about ourselves."
Ty Lee says: "I feel all smoothed."
Ty Lee says: "I'll always remember this."
Azula says: "You know what would make this trip really memorable?"
Cut to a close-up of Azula. Cut to Chan's front door opening to reveal Chan.
Azula says: "We've got some bad news, Chan."
Zuko says: "Party's over."
Cut to a vase falling down. Cut to frontal view of Zuko kicking a table in half. Cut to close-up of Chan looking on in fear. Cut to frontal view of Mai throwing a knife out. Cut to the knife slicing through some paintings hanging from the wall. Cut to close-up of Chan, his eyebrow twitching. He looks up and the camera pans up to show Ty Lee on a support beam. She flip off the beam and flies forward. Cut to a wide side-view of the room as she grab on to a chandelier, jumping on to another before it falls. She jumps off screen and the second one falls too. Cut to a close-up of Chan, in tears and with mucus draining from his nose, as Azula smiles behind him. Fade to a painted picture of the foursome smiling, arms around each other, with a roaring fire in the background.
Fade to credits.