The episode begins in Aang's dream. The scene itself, dominated by a tinge of warm yellow, is filled with clouds for a moment before Aang slides into the frame of the shot, his face happy as he flicks the reins. The shot switches to a far view, showing that he is riding Appa, who is flapping his six legs in unison up and down as if he were a bird. The camera pans to the right, revealing Sokka as he pulls alongside Appa, using Aang's glider to fly with the Avatar. The shot cuts to a close-up of the Water Tribe warrior as he turns his head toward Aang, grinning broadly and contentedly at him. Cut to Aang as his face exhibits the same contented grin. He turns his attention to his right and the camera follows his gaze, revealing Katara sitting atop the head of an enormous Momo; she waves at Aang. Camera moves back to a wide frontal shot of the group coursing leisurely through the open sky.
Katara says: "We need you, Aang."
Aang says: "I need you, too."
Aang notices something out of the corner of his eyes. As he turns toward it, his expression changes to shock. Focusing on Aang's face, the camera turns 180 degrees and switches to his point of view as the sky's coloring changes to a dark, ominous gray, revealing a churning storm cloud before him. Cut back to Aang, who yanks Appa's reins in fright.
Aang says: "Guys?"
The scene rapidly zooms out, revealing that Aang and Appa are alone, surrounded by nothing but the darkening sky. Cut back to Aang's point of view as Gyatso, in lotus, floats downward, positioning himself in front of Aang.
Aang says: "Gyatso?"
Gyatso says: "Why did you disappear?"
Aang says: "I didn't mean to."
Cut to a side-view of the two monks, not a meter apart from one another. Aang reaches out to Gyatso, but before he can touch him, Gyatso turns gray and dissipates into smoke; it blows over Aang, causing him to raise his left arm in front of his face and turn away to shield himself from it. Frontal shot of Aang as the last of the smoke washes over him. He peeks over his arm, but instantly raises his head, his eyes growing big in shock; a dark shadow passes over him as the shot cuts to a distant side-view of Appa being swallowed by the dark cloud.
Gyatso says: "We need you, Aang."
A bolt of lightning splits the shot for an instant before cutting to a frontal shot of a screaming and frightened Aang, wrestling with the reins, as he and Appa are caught in the belly of the storm with rain beating down on them. Cut to an underwater shot as Aang and Appa plummet into the ocean. The duo floats for a moment. Cut to a close-up of Aang's hand as his grip on Appa's reins loosens and they slip from his limp grasp.
Gyatso says: "We need you."
Katara says: "We need you."
Gyatso says: "We need you, Aang."
Katara says: "We need you, Aang."
Gyatso says: "We need you."
Katara says: "We need you."
Unmoving, Aang sinks and disappears into the darkness of the ocean. For a fraction of a second, lightning splits the shot once again and the silhouette of the Fire Lord surrounded by flames appears.
The scene cuts to reality as Aang, gasping for air and shooting upright, startles Momo, who was curled up on top of Aang. Momo leaps onto Katara's stomach, causing her to shoot up with a startled look on her face, before jumping on Sokka's, who shoots up, still sleepy, halfheartedly wielding his dagger and boomerang.
Sokka says: "Did we get captured again?"
Aang says: "Go back to sleep."
Sokka says: "Don't have to tell me twice."
Katara says: "Are you all right, Aang?"
Aang says: "I'm okay."
Katara says: "You seem to be having a lot of nightmares lately."
Katara says: "You want to tell me about it?"
Aang says: "I think I just need some rest."
Sokka says: "That's okay."
Sokka says: "I didn't want to talk about it anyway."
Sokka lies down, disappearing from view; Katara does the same.
Scene changes to waves crashing on a sandy shore under a blue sky. Cut to a wide frontal shot of Katara as she carries their packs toward Appa, who yawns. As the animal closes its mouth again, Aang is revealed sitting on his head, while Sokka sits on the saddle.
Aang says: "Look at those clear skies, buddy!"
Aang says: "Should be some smooth flying."
Cut to an overhead shot looking down of Katara looking into a bag before holding it upside down, sprinkling the ground with crumbs; Momo instantly eats them. Sokka walks past her toward Appa, carrying some of their luggage.
Katara says: "ourselves to a market, 'cause we're out of food."
Sokka says: "We shouldn't go to the market."
Katara says: "What happened in your dream?"
Sokka says: "You said some very unkind things."
Momo's ears droop as Sokka speaks. Cut to downward looking shot of a flock of birds in V-formation flying over the open ocean. As the scene pans to the left, Zuko's ship sails into view. Cut to the deck, where Iroh stands on the deck, with Zuko looking through a spyglass behind him. As the flight of birds passes over Iroh's head in the distance, he sniffs the air and Zuko lowers the spyglass to turn to his uncle, who speaks.
Iroh says: "There is a storm coming."
Iroh says: "A big one."
Zuko says: "You're out of your mind, Uncle."
Zuko says: "The weather's perfect."
Zuko says: "There's not a cloud in sight."
The shot cuts behind the two, facing the prow of the ship and showing a clear sea and sky.
Iroh says: "A storm is approaching from the north."
Iroh says: "I suggest we alter our course and head southwest."
Zuko says: "We know the Avatar is traveling northward, so we will do the same."
Iroh says: "Prince Zuko, consider the safety of the crew."
Zuko says: "The safety of the crew doesn't matter!"
Behind them, Lieutenant Jee walks onto deck, inadvertently overhearing the conversation. As Zuko realizes Jee is behind him and turns to face him, his expression briefly loses its raging intensity. A quick close-up shows Jee raising an eyebrow as Zuko walks over to him; another cut shifts the view to the lieutenant's side as Zuko, addressing Jee directly, struts up to him, dominantly looking him right in the eyes from a close distance as he finishes speaking.
Zuko says: "Finding the Avatar is far more important than any individual's safety."
As Zuko walks away, Jee glares after him. The shot switches, showing Zuko leaving the deck through the door at the base of the superstructure. Cut to a frontal shot of Jee, who looks slightly enraged as Iroh walks over to him.
Iroh says: "He doesn't mean that."
Iroh says: "He's just all worked up."
The scene changes to a seaside hamlet built on the side of a cliff face, the roofs all teal-green; a collection of houses sits back from the waterfront, where a row of warehouses adjoins the docks. Among the several ships moored on the town's four piers is Appa, floating in the water by himself. Cut to Katara, who stands in front of a small merchants' stand, suspiciously eying a watermelon.
Merchant woman says: "Ahhh, it's good."
Merchant woman says: "It's perfect, I'm telling you!"
Katara says: "I don't know if I like the sound of that swishing."
Merchant woman says: "Swishing means it's ripe!"
Merchant woman says: "It's the ripe juices swishing around, eh?"
Aang says: "I think it's true, Katara."
Aang says: "Swishing means it's ripe."
Katara says: "I just realized we're out of money anyway."
Shopkeeper says: "Awww!"
As Sokka walks past the merchant, she indignantly kicks him in the rear, drawing a cry of pain from Sokka. Cut to Sokka, Katara, and Aang on the docks. Sokka is rubbing where the lady kicked him and seems downcast.
Sokka says: "Out of food and out of money."
Sokka says: "Now what are we supposed to do?"
Katara says: "You could get a job, smart guy."
A fisherman and his wife are walking behind the gang. As Katara finishes, they begin a loud, heated conversation, which is overheard easily by Aang, Katara, and Sokka.
Fisherman's wife says: "We shouldn't go out there!"
Fisherman's wife says: "Please, the fish can wait."
Fisherman's wife says: "There's going to be a terrible storm."
Fisherman says: "You're crazy."
Fisherman says: "It's a nice day:  No clouds, no winds, no nothing."
Fisherman says: "So quit your nagging, woman."
Aang says: "Maybe we should find some shelter?"
Sokka says: "Are you kidding?"
Sokka says: "Shelter from what?"
Fisherman's wife says: "My joints say there's going to be a storm!"
Fisherman's wife says: "A bad one."
Fisherman says: "Well, it's your joints against my brain."
Fisherman's wife says: "Then I hope your brain can find someone else to haul that fish, 'cause I ain't comin'."
Fisherman says: "Then I'll find a new fish hauler and pay him double what you get!"
Fisherman says: "How do you like that?"
Sokka says: "I'll go."
Fisherman says: "You're hired!"
Sokka says: "What?"
Sokka says: "You said get a job..."
Sokka says: "and he's paying double."
Fisherman says: "Double?"
Fisherman says: "Who told you that nonsense?"
The scene changes to Zuko's ship on the open ocean. As the shot pans right, a massive bank of darkening clouds, having appeared seemingly out of nowhere, rolls into view, looming in front of the ship. Cut to the deck, where Lieutenant Jee and several other soldiers stand a short distance from the shot, staring at the clouds. Zuko walks into the foreground, regarding the clouds as Jee and the others turn to face him. Iroh walks between Zuko and Jee as the latter taunts the former.
Lieutenant Jee says: "Looks like your uncle was right about the storm after all."
Iroh says: "Lucky guess."
Jee says: "What do you know about respect?"
Jee says: "You don't care about anyone but yourself!"
Jee says: "Then again, what should I expect from a spoiled prince?"
Zuko turns around and extends his right arm as if preparing to firebend. Lieutenant Jee does the same.
Iroh says: "Easy now."
Iroh says: "Enough!"
Iroh says: "We're all a bit tired from being at sea so long."
Iroh says: "I'm sure after a bowl of noodles, everyone will feel much better."
Lieutenant Jee walks away.
Zuko says: "I don't need your help keeping order on my ship."
Iroh puts a comforting hand on Zuko's right shoulder, but Zuko shrugs it off and walks away. Scene changes back to a dock at the fishing town, where Team Avatar stands. Sokka is carrying supplies onto the fisherman's boat.
Aang says: "Sokka, maybe this isn't such a good idea."
Aang says: "Look at the sky."
Sokka says: "I said I was going to do this job."
Sokka says: "I can't back out just because of some bad weather."
Fisherman's wife says: "The boy with the tattoos has some sense."
Fisherman's wife says: "You should listen to him!"
Fisherman says: "Boy with tattoos?"
Fisherman says: "Airbender tattoos."
Fisherman says: "Well, I'll be a hog monkey's uncle."
Fisherman says: "You're the Avatar, ain't ya?"
Katara says: "That's right."
Fisherman says: "Well, don't be so smiley about it."
Fisherman says: "The Avatar disappeared for a hundred years!"
Fisherman says: "You turned your back on the world!"
Katara says: "Don't yell at him!"
Katara says: "Aang would never turn his back on anyone."
Fisherman says: "Oh, he wouldn't, huh?"
Fisherman says: "Then I guess I must have imagined the last hundred years of war and suffering."
Katara says: "Aang is the bravest person I know."
Katara says: "He's done nothing but help people and save lives since I met him."
Katara says: "Aang, what's wrong?"
A look of shock and horrified guilt on his face, Aang opens his glider and vaults into the air, rapidly disappearing into the distance.
Fisherman says: "That's right!"
Fisherman says: "Keep flying!"
Katara says: "You're a horrible old man!"
Katara says: "Appa, yip yip!"
As Appa flies out of the water, a big wave splashes the fisherman. Sokka walks out from below deck on the boat.
Sokka says: "Hey!"
Sokka says: "They left without saying good-bye!"
Fisherman says: "Your friends ain't too polite, are they?"
Sokka says: "I know!"
Sokka says: "This one time, I was..."
Fisherman says: "Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah."
Fisherman says: "Get below deck!"
Scene changes to show Katara riding on Appa in the rain, trying to find Aang. The shot cuts to show a cave in the side of a cliff face. Camera changes to a view of Katara outside the cave and Aang sitting alone inside, surrounded by darkness.
Aang says: "I'm sorry for running away."
Katara says: "It's okay."
Katara says: "That fisherman was way out of line."
Aang says: "Actually, he wasn't."
Katara says: "What do you mean?"
Aang says: "I don't want to talk about it."
Katara says: "It has to do with your dream, doesn't it?"
Katara says: "Talk to me."
Aang says: "Well, it's kind of a long story."
Suddenly, Momo leaps past Aang and Katara, startling them. Appa has also entered the cave. He nuzzles Aang's head with his nose, making Aang smile. Aang pats Appa's chin.
Katara says: "I'm going to try to get a little fire going."
Next scene shows Katara and Aang sitting around a fire. Momo is lying on Aang's lap.
Aang says: "I'll never forget the day the monks told me I was the Avatar."
Aang says: "I was playing with some other kids just outside the South Wall."
Aang says: "I was trying to teach them how to do the air scooter."
Scene changes to a flashback when Aang is with some other Air Nomads.
Aang says: "First you got to form the ball, then you got to get on quick."
Aang is seen riding around on the scooter in the court. One of the boys tries it.
Air Nomad boy #1.
Okay, here goes.
The boy forms it and tries getting on, but spins and falls off. Aang gently gets off his.
Aang says: "You kind of have to balance on it like it's a top."
Air Nomad boy #1.
Man, that's hard.
Air Nomad boy #2.
Where'd you learn that trick, Aang?
Aang says: "I made it up."
Air Nomad boy #2.
Wow!
The Council of Elders shows up at that moment.
Gyatso says: "Aang, come with us."
Gyatso says: "We need to speak with you."
Scene changes to when Aang and the elder monks are in the meeting room.
Aang says: "How do you know it's me?"
Tashi says: "We have known you were the Avatar for some time."
Tashi says: "Do you remember these?"
Monk Tashi airbends a wrapped-up mat to Aang. It opens up, revealing four toys.
Aang says: "Those were some of my favorite toys when I was little!"
Tashi says: "You chose them from among thousands of toys, Aang."
Tashi says: "The toys you picked were the four Avatar relics."
Tashi says: "These items belonged to Avatars past."
Tashi says: "Your own past lives."
Aang says: "I just chose them because they seemed fun."
He smiles and pulls the cord on the propeller toy, sending the propeller spinning into the air. It spins through the air and the scene cuts back to a close view of the five monks. The toy goes over Monk Tashi's head.
Tashi says: "You chose them because they were familiar."
Gyatso says: "Normally we would have told you of your identity when you turned sixteen, but there are troubling signs."
Gyatso says: "Storm clouds are gathering."
Pasang says: "I fear that war may be upon us, young Avatar."
Gyatso says: "We need you, Aang."
Aang lowers his head, his responsibility crushing him. His head stays lowered as the flashback ends and his head remains lowered in the present as well. Cut to a wider shot of Aang on the left, Katara on the right, the fire between them. Katara looks upon him with concern and sympathy. The scene changes back to Zuko's ship. Jee is talking about Zuko to a couple other men.
Jee says: "I'm sick of taking his orders!"
Jee says: "I'm tired of chasing his Avatar!"
Jee says: "I mean, who does Zuko think he is?"
Iroh says: "Do you really want to know?"
Jee is shown standing up at the sound of Iroh's voice.
Jee says: "General Iroh."
Iroh says: "It's okay."
Iroh says: "May I join you?"
Jee says: "Of course, sir."
Iroh is shown sitting down.
Iroh says: "Try to understand."
Iroh says: "My nephew is a complicated young man."
Iroh says: "He has been through much."
Scene changes to a flashback. Zuko walks up to the curtains to get in the war room, but the guard on the left moves in front of the curtain to stop him.
Young Zuko says: "Let me in!"
Iroh says: "Prince Zuko, what's wrong?"
Young Zuko says: "I want to go into the war chamber  but the guard won't let me pass!"
Iroh says: "You're not missing anything, trust me."
Iroh says: "These meetings are dreadfully boring."
Young Zuko says: "If I'm going to rule this nation one day, don't you think I need to start learning as much as I can?"
Iroh says: "Very well."
Iroh says: "But you must promise not to speak."
Iroh says: "These old folks are a bit sensitive, you know?"
Young Zuko says: "Thank you, Uncle."
Zuko and Iroh walk into the war room. The meeting starts.
Bujing says: "The Earth Kingdom defenses are concentrated here."
Bujing says: "A dangerous battalion of their strongest earthbenders and fiercest warriors."
Bujing says: "So I am recommending the forty-first division."
Elder soldier says: "But the forty-first is entirely new recruits."
Elder soldier says: "How do you expect them to defeat a powerful Earth Kingdom battalion?"
Bujing says: "I don't."
Bujing says: "They'll be used as a distraction while we mount an attack from the rear."
Bujing says: "What better to use as bait than fresh meat?"
Young Zuko says: "You can't sacrifice an entire division like that!"
Young Zuko says: "Those soldiers love and defend our nation!"
Young Zuko says: "How can you betray them?"
Camera shows everyone in the war room staring at Zuko, save for Iroh, who is kneeling behind his nephew. The scene changes back to the present time.
Scene changes back to Aang and Katara.
Katara says: "So you were upset that you were the Avatar?"
Katara says: "Why wouldn't you be excited about it?"
Aang says: "Well, I didn't know how to feel about it."
Aang says: "All I knew was that after I found out, everything began changing."
Scene changes back to flashback. Aang enters into the South Wall again. The Air Nomad kids are shown on air scooters.
Aang says: "Hey, not bad!"
Aang says: "You guys have been practicing!"
Air Nomad boy #2.
Not only that! We made up a game you can play with the air scooters!
Aang says: "Great!"
Aang says: "What's going on?"
Air Nomad boy #1.
Now that you're the Avatar, it's kind of an unfair advantage for whichever team you're on.
Aang says: "But I'm still the same!"
Aang says: "Nothing's changed!"
Aang says: "So, what?"
Aang says: "I can't play?"
Air Nomad boy #1.
That's the only fair way.
Aang says: "Oh, okay."
Air Nomad boy #2.
Sorry, Aang.
Aang is shown leaving the South Wall.
Air Nomad boy #1.
Okay. Now, who wants Jinju on their team?
Jinju is shown in the corner with a gas around him, laughing. Scene changes to Aang and Gyatso playing a game of Pai Sho. Aang is shown moving a piece.
Gyatso says: "Very interesting move, young one."
Aang says: "What do you mean?"
Gyatso is shown using airbending to make a spiral, flipping a part of Aang's clothing. Gyatso quickly moves two pieces around. Aang is shown flipping his clothing back into place.
Aang says: "Hey!"
Gyatso and Aang laugh. Monk Tashi appears.
Tashi says: "You're playing games with him?"
Tashi says: "The Avatar should be training!"
Gyatso says: "Aang has already trained enough for today."
Tashi says: "Time is short."
Tashi says: "Come with me."
Tashi says: "I must test you on some high level techniques."
Gyatso says: "No."
Gyatso says: "As long as I'm his guardian, I will decide when he trains..."
Gyatso says: "and when he gets his butt kicked at Pai Sho."
Tashi says: "Hmph."
Monk Tashi is shown walking away. The flashback ends, and the scene changes to on Zuko's ship. A flashback appears of the fire in front of the Fire Lord's throne rising.
Iroh says: "After Zuko's outburst in the meeting, the Fire Lord became very angry with him."
Iroh says: "He said the challenge against the general was an act of complete disrespect!"
Iroh says: "And there was only one way to resolve this."
Jee says: "Agni Kai."
Jee says: "A fire duel."
Iroh says: "That's right."
Iroh says: "Zuko looked upon the old general he had insulted and declared that he was not afraid."
Iroh says: "But Zuko misunderstood."
Iroh says: "Zuko would have to duel his own father."
Cut to a wall of the cave. The shot pans down to show Katara and a sad-looking Aang around their campfire. While Momo is asleep in his lap, Aang stares off into the fire with unseeing eyes as he continues his story.
Aang says: "Then, just when I was feeling better, something worse happened."
Scene changes to flashback of Monk Tashi and Monk Gyatso speaking to Monk Pasang.
Gyatso says: "Aang needs to have freedom and fun."
Gyatso says: "He needs to grow up as a normal boy."
Tashi says: "You cannot keep protecting him from his destiny."
Pasang says: "Gyatso, I know you mean well, but you are letting your affection for the boy cloud your judgment."
Gyatso says: "All I want is what is best for him."
Pasang says: "But what we need is what's best for the world."
Pasang says: "You and Aang must be separated!"
Pasang says: "The Avatar will be sent away to the Eastern Air Temple to complete his training."
Aang is shown looking through a hole in the ceiling, shocked at the news that he just heard.
Katara says: "That's awful, Aang."
Katara says: "I don't know what to say."
Katara says: "Whoa!"
Katara says: "Hot cinders!"
Aang comes out of the Avatar State, walks to the fire, and sits down again.
Aang says: "I'm sorry I got so mad."
Katara says: "You have the right to be angry after the monks sent you away like that."
Aang says: "Well, that's not exactly what happened."
Aang says: "I was afraid and confused."
Aang says: "I didn't know what to do."
Flashback shows Aang lying on his bed before changing to Gyatso walking to Aang's room.
Gyatso says: "Aang, I'm not going to let them take you away from me."
Gyatso says: "Aang?"
Aang says: "Next thing I knew, I was waking up in your arms after you found me in the iceberg."
Flashback shows Katara's face that was seen in "The Boy in the Iceberg". The flashback ends.
Katara says: "You ran away."
Aang says: "And then the Fire Nation attacked our temple."
Aang says: "My people needed me and I wasn't there to help."
Katara says: "You don't know what would have-."
Aang says: "The world needed me and I wasn't there to help."
Katara says: "Aang..."
Aang says: "The fisherman was right!"
Aang says: "I did turn my back on the world!"
Katara says: "You're being too hard on yourself, even if you did run away."
Katara says: "I think it was meant to be."
Katara says: "If you had stayed, you would have been killed along with all the other airbenders."
Aang says: "You don't know that."
Katara says: "I know it was meant to be this way."
Katara says: "The world needs you now."
Katara says: "You give people hope."
Scene changes back to Zuko's ship.
Iroh says: "When Prince Zuko saw that it was his father who had come to duel him, he begged for mercy."
Flashback shows a side overview of the Agni Kai chamber where Ozai is advancing on Zuko.
Cut to a frontal shot from a worm's eye perspective of Ozai's silhouette walking up to Zuko.
Ozai says: "You will fight for your honor."
Young Zuko says: "I am your loyal son."
Ozai says: "Rise and fight, Prince Zuko!"
Cut to a side-view from behind some of the spectators as Ozai reaches Zuko, who lowers his head to the floor again.
Young Zuko says: "I won't fight you."
Ozai says: "You will learn respect,  teacher."
Cut to a frontal view of Zhao, Iroh, and Azula in the crowd. While Iroh clenches his teeth and looks fearful and worried on Zuko's behalf, Zhao looks on with a smirk on his face, while Azula smiles and raises her left fist in front of her chest in anticipation.
Iroh says: "I looked away."
As the sound of a fire blast is heard, Zuko is screaming "no", which echoes. While the faces of the spectators are brightened by the flames, the camera slowly zooms in on Iroh's averted face. The scene switches from the past to the present, where Iroh is sitting in the same manner.
Jee says: "I always thought that Prince Zuko was in a training accident."
Iroh says: "It was no accident."
Iroh says: "After the duel, the Fire Lord said that by refusing to fight, Zuko had shown shameful weakness."
Iroh says: "As punishment, he was banished and sent to capture the Avatar."
Iroh says: "Only then could he return with his honor."
Jee says: "So that's why he's so obsessed."
Jee says: "Capturing the Avatar is the only chance he has of things returning to normal."
Iroh says: "Things will never return to normal."
Iroh says: "But the important thing is the Avatar gives Zuko hope."
Scene changes to show Zuko meditating, while having flashbacks of his younger life. He is stopped by a hit on the ship. Scene changes to Aang and Katara. The fisherman's wife appears.
Fisherman's wife says: "Help!"
Fisherman's wife says: "Oh, please help!"
Katara says: "It's okay."
Katara says: "You're safe."
Fisherman's wife says: "But my husband isn't."
Katara says: "What do you mean?"
Katara says: "Where's Sokka?"
Fisherman's wife says: "They haven't returned!"
Fisherman's wife says: "They should have been back by now!"
Fisherman's wife says: "And this storm is becoming a typhoon!"
Fisherman's wife says: "They're caught out at sea!"
Aang says: "I'm going to find him!"
Katara says: "I'm going with you!"
Fisherman's wife says: "I'm staying here."
The fisherman's wife is shown sitting down by the fire. Aang and Katara are shown about to leave on Appa.
Aang says: "We'll be back soon."
Aang says: "I promise."
Aang and Katara fly out. Scene changes to Zuko's ship, with Zuko on the deck.
Zuko says: "Where were we hit?"
Jee says: "I don't know!"
Iroh says: "Look!"
Zuko says: "The helmsman!"
Zuko and Lieutenant Jee are shown climbing up a ladder to help a man who is about to fall. Lightning goes down to the middle of the ship, where Iroh is. He uses redirection so it does not damage the ship. Scene changes to Katara and Aang looking for the fisherman and Sokka.
Katara says: "Where are they?"
Appa is shown descending, hitting the water.
Aang says: "Come on, Appa!"
Aang says: "The boat!"
Aang says: "There!"
Zuko is shown spotting Appa.
Zuko says: "The Avatar!"
Jee says: "What do you want to do, sir?"
Zuko says: "Let him go."
Zuko says: "We need to get this ship to safety."
Iroh says: "Then we must head directly into the eye of the storm."
Scene changes to show Sokka and the fisherman rocking back and forth on the boat.
Sokka says: "I'm too young to die!"
Fisherman says: "I'm not, but I still don't wanna!"
Aang shows up. He jumps down onto the boat. As a pole is falling down, Aang brings up fours pouts of water, splitting the pole in half. After the pole splits in half, Sokka and the fisherman are shown hugging each other. A rope is seen.
Aang says: "Hang onto the rope."
The fisherman and Sokka do so. Appa starts flying again. The rope swings up, making Sokka and the fisherman land on the saddle. A big wave hits the gang underwater. Everyone is shown floating away from Appa. Aang goes into the Avatar State and saves everyone. They all go back to the cave where the fisherman's wife is. Scene changes to Zuko and Iroh together.
Zuko says: "Uncle, I'm sorry."
Iroh says: "Your apology is accepted."
Scene changes to Appa, Katara, Aang, Sokka, and the fisherman at the cave. The fisherman's wife runs up to the fisherman and hugs him.
Fisherman's wife says: "Oh, you're alive!"
Fisherman's wife says: "You owe this boy an apology!"
Aang says: "He doesn't have to apologize."
Fisherman says: "What if, instead of an apology, I give him a free fish and we call it even?"
Aang says: "Actually, I don't eat meat."
Fisherman says: "Fish ain't meat!"
Sokka says: "Seriously, you're still going to pay me, right?"
The fisherman hands Sokka a fish. Katara and Aang are shown in a corner of the cave.
Aang says: "Katara, I think you were right before."
Aang says: "I'm done dwelling on the past."
Katara says: "Really?"
Aang says: "I can't make guesses about what would have turned out if I hadn't run away."
Aang says: "I'm here now and I'm going to make the most out of it."
Katara says: "I don't think you're gonna have those nightmares anymore."
Fisherman says: "And if you weren't here now, well, I guess I wouldn't be either."
Fisherman says: "Thank you for saving my life, Avatar."
Sokka says: "Do you hear that?"
Sokka says: "It stopped raining."
Everyone goes outside. Appa shakes raindrops off himself, splashing everyone.
Aang says: "Appa!"
Fade to credits.