The episode opens up to a body of water, waves crashing against the rocks. The camera cuts to grass and sticks, before slowly panning up to reveal a whale tooth scimitar standing upright in the ground. Aang's hand comes into view as he grasps the weapon's hilt and yanks it out of the ground. Cut to a shot of him holding it up while Sokka slides down a dirt slope.
Aang says: "Hey, look!"
Aang says: "A sword made out of a whale's tooth."
While Aang draws the weapon free from the ground, Sokka slides down the slope and pulls up behind the Avatar, snatching the weapon from his hands as Aang turned to show it to him.
Sokka says: "Let me see that."
Sokka walks on for a little while, before he stops, not too far from Aang, to study the weapon closely. Cut to a shot of the scimitar in his hand. The scene switches into a flashback; Southern Water Tribe warriors are preparing their ships, loading them with supplies. The camera pans to the left as a warrior walks past, carrying a bundle, revealing that a younger Sokka is observing them, his back to the camera. Cuts to frontal shot of him as he looks at the scene wistfully, cradling his battle club. Flashback fades to present-day, where Sokka bears the same wistful expression while holding the whale's tooth scimitar in the same way as his club.
Sokka says: "This is a Water Tribe weapon."
Sokka says: "See if you can find anything else."
Cuts to shot of Aang and Sokka searching the wooded area for more weapons. Katara walks toward them, curious.
Katara says: "Did someone lose something?"
Aang says: "No, we found something!"
Cut to shot of a spearhead lying on the ground beneath a few fallen leaves. Sokka kneels before it, brushes aside the debris and picks up the spearhead, examining it and running his fingers along its point, noticing ash on it.
Sokka says: "It's burned."
Sokka says: "The firebenders fought back, but the warriors drove them down this hill."
Cut to shot of Sokka racing down the hill along a dirt path, the camera panning downward. He leaps over a few large rocks in his way and continues forward. Cuts to shot of a sandy beach. Sokka appears on screen followed closely by Aang and Katara.
Aang says: "So, then what happened?"
Sokka says: "I don't know."
Sokka says: "The trail ends here."
Sokka says: "It's one of our boats!"
Katara says: "Is this dad's boat?"
Sokka says: "No, but it's from his fleet."
The scene changes to a close-up of Iroh sipping a cup of tea, with a relaxed expression on his face.
Zuko raises the cup to take a sip, but the ship suddenly jerks; the vibrations cause the tea in the cup to go flying, soaking Zuko's face and hair. Zuko grunts in frustration, pushes his ponytail back, and rises to see what the commotion is about. Cut to the deck of the ship, several firebenders stand poised, ready to attack. A large beast, called a shirshu, suddenly leaps onto the deck, a young woman mounted on its back. The firebenders flee from the beast. Cuts to closer-up shot of the woman, who slows down the beast's progress.
Firebenders says: "Look out!"
Firebenders says: "Argh!"
Zuko says: "There are no stowaways on my ship."
Cuts to shot of Nyla, the shirshu, who tears off a chunk of the metal deck flooring and hurls it in Zuko's direction. Alarmed, the prince ducks for cover, the firebenders and Iroh move to the side, and the metal piece hits the doorway leading to the main compartments of the ship with a clang as they turn around to watch it hit the door. Zuko looks on in frustration while the firebenders and Iroh take a firebending stance.
Cut to shot of the interior of the ship, a gaping hole present where the metal flooring once was. Nyla sticks his head inside and begins sniffing around. Cut to shot from his point of view, the scenery slightly warped and in black-and-white to reflect how he envisions things. A stream of green is visible, drifting through the air. The camera pans right and left as the beast surveys the entire room. It focuses on a single barrel which topples over, revealing that a strange man has been hiding in there. Cut to a shot above the deck where Nyla raises his head out of the hole. The stowaway appears, dashing away from the scene. Nyla shoots forward in hot pursuit of him. Cut to side-view of the man trying to flee; Nyla appears on-camera and lashes out his elongated tongue. Close-up of the tongue striking the man who falls onto the deck, paralyzed, and with a terrified look on his face.
Zuko says: "He's paralyzed."
June says: "Only temporarily."
Zuko says: "But how did you find him on my ship?"
Iroh says: "Well, I'm impressed."
The scene changes to that night, the camera panning downward to show that Team Avatar has settled down for the night beside the Water Tribe ship. Cut to shot of Appa. Aang and Momo are lying on his right paw, all three fast asleep. The camera pans left, showing Katara having also drifted off in her sleeping bag. Sokka remains awake, poking a stick into a blazing campfire, looking worried. Cut to side-shot of him; the scene fades to the flashback seen earlier. A younger Sokka is seen walking by, carrying a large bundle in his arms, wearing face-paint. Cut to a shot of Hakoda standing beside a ship, having handed a bundle to a man in the ship. He turns and walks forward. Cut to a shot of Sokka who has halted in his tracks, his father approaching him and standing before his son.
Hakoda says: "Sokka."
Sokka says: "I'm coming with you."
Hakoda says: "You're not old enough to go to war, Sokka, you know that."
Sokka says: "I'm strong, I'm brave, I can fight!"
Sokka says: "Please, Dad!"
Hakoda says: "Being a man is knowing where you're needed the most."
Hakoda says: "And for you right now, that's here, protecting your sister."
Sokka says: "I don't understand."
Hakoda says: "Someday you will."
Hakoda says: "I'm gonna miss you so much."
The scene fades back to present day, Sokka still looking sullenly into the fire. Suddenly a strange noise can be heard, its source originating from somewhere off-camera.
Cut to a shot of the campsite from several feet away. A pair of boots appears in front of the camera. Cut to shot of a man, hailing from the Water Tribe with white bandages wrapped around the upper left portion of his torso, stepping out of the shadows. He is clearly surprised to see them.
Bato says: "Sokka?"
Aang says: "Who the what now?"
Katara says: "Bato!"
Aang says: "Hi, I'm Aang."
Sokka says: "Where's Dad?"
Katara says: "Is he here?"
Bato says: "No, he and the other warriors should be in the Eastern Earth Kingdom by now."
Bato says: "This is no place for a reunion."
Bato says: "Let's get inside."
He turns and slings his arms around Sokka and Katara, leading them away. After a moment, he looks back at Aang and gestures for him to follow. Cut to an overhead shot of the shore, the campsite in the distance, as the group begins walking away. The scene cuts to a different location altogether, the moon hanging in a purplish-blue night sky. The camera pans downward to show the roof over of the entrance to an open courtyard. Cut to a shot inside the courtyard, a few nuns milling about, Appa and the group approaching.
Bato says: "After I was wounded, your father carried me to this abbey."
Bato says: "The sisters have cared for me ever since."
Bato says: "Superior,  these are Hakoda's children."
Bato says: "They've been traveling with the Avatar."
Bato says: "I found them by my boat."
Mother Superior says: "Young Avatar, it gives me great joy to be in your presence."
Mother Superior says: "Welcome to our abbey."
Aang says: "Thank you, it's truly an honor to be here."
Sokka says: "What smells so good, Bato?"
Bato says: "The sisters craft ointments and perfumes."
Sokka says: "Perfume?"
Bato says: "You have your father's wit."
The scene cuts to the hut in which Bato is staying, with a tent on the opposite side of the door being the bed chamber, a fire with cousins in the middle, and various pelts placed and hung everywhere.
Katara says: "Bato, it looks like home!"
Sokka says: "Everything's here, even the pelts!"
Aang says: "Yeah, nothing's cozier than dead animal skins."
Momo leaps from Aang's arms and starts hitting the head of a bear pelt. The bear's mouth closes, Momo is alarmed a retreats back to Aang. Katara and Sokka are by the fire. Katara opens the lid of a pot cooking over the fire as Bato joins them.
Katara says: "No way!"
Katara says: "Stewed sea prunes!"
Bato says: "Help yourself!"
Sokka says: "Dad could eat a whole barrel of these things!"
Aang takes a bowl of stewed sea prunes and sniffs it, but looks away in disgust and sets it to the side.
Katara says: "Bato, is it true that you and dad lassoed an arctic hippo?"
Bato says: "It was your father's idea, he just dragged me along."
Bato says: "Well, the hippo did the dragging!"
Aang says: "Hey, I ride animals, too!"
Sokka says: "So, who was it that came up with the Great Blubber Fiasco?"
Bato says: "You knew about that?"
Katara says: "Everyone does!"
Aang says: "What's that story?"
Sokka says: "It's a long one Aang, some other time."
Katara says: "You and Dad had so many hilarious adventures."
Bato says: "Not all of which were hilarious at the time, but everything's funny in hindsight."
Sokka says: "Was it you or Dad that put an octopus on your head and convinced Gran-Gran you were a water spirit?"
Bato says: "Your dad wore the octopus,  but I did the spooky voice."
The scene cuts to a seedy tavern in the Earth Kingdom. A man is thrown through the roof and land of the ground. Cut to a snake tattoo on a woman's arm. The camera zooms out, showing that it is June's tattoo. She calmly arm-wrestles a man, who gnashes his teeth and sweats. The shot changes to the back of the crowd where Zuko arrives.
Zuko says: "Step aside, filth!"
Iroh says: "He means no offense!"
Iroh says: "I'm certain you bathe regularly!"
Zuko approaches June, who is still arm wrestling. Iroh reaches her as well.
Zuko says: "I need to talk to you!"
June says: "Well, if it isn't my new friends: Angry Boy and Uncle Lazy."
Her opponent strains to get the upper hand. Iroh laughs at her remark and June wins her match without breaking a sweat. The crowd cheers and throws money at the winner.
Zuko says: "Your beast trashed my ship."
Zuko says: "You have to pay me back!"
June moves to take sip of her drink, but Zuko grabs her wrist in anger.
Zuko says: "Money isn't what I had in mind."
Cut to moths flying around a lantern.
Zuko says: "I need you to find someone."
Shot changes to show June leaning on Nyla while Iroh and Zuko stand in front of June.
June says: "What happened, your girlfriend run off on you?"
Zuko says: "It's not the girl I'm after, it's the bald monk she's traveling with."
June says: "Whatever you say."
Zuko says: "If you find them, I'll consider the damage to my ship paid for."
Iroh says: "Plus, we'll pay your weight in gold."
June says: "weight, and we gotta deal."
Iroh says: "You got it!"
June says: "Get on!"
June takes Katara's necklace from Zuko, and shows it to Nyla. The camera shows the surroundings through Nyla's sight. As the shirshu looks around, the colored scents of humans are shown. Nyla soon finds Katara's purple scent on the necklace, and the threesome head off. The scene changes to an aerial shot of the abbey, and cuts to inside Bato's room.
Bato says: "There's something I should tell you kids."
Bato says: "I'm expecting a message from your father."
Katara says: "Really?"
Sokka says: "When?"
Bato says: "Any day now."
Bato says: "Your father said he'd send a message when they found the rendezvous point."
Bato says: "If you wait until the message arrives, you can come with me, and see your father again."
Aang looks toward his friends with a sad and worried look.
Sokka says: "It's been over two years since we've seen Dad."
Sokka says: "That would be so incredible!"
Sokka says: "Katara!"
Katara says: "I do really miss him, it would be great to see Dad."
Bato says: "It's been far too long, hasn't it?"
Aang closes the door and heads toward the abbey gate. Cut back to inside Bato's room.
Sokka says: "It would be great, but we can't."
Sokka says: "We have to take Aang to the North Pole first."
Katara says: "Even if we do have time to wait for the message, who knows how far we'd have to travel."
Katara says: "We don't have time for a long detour."
Bato says: "I'm sure your father would understand, and be proud that his children are helping the Avatar."
The scene cuts to footprints on the beach at night. The camera pans upward to reveal Aang sitting on the bow of Bato's boat.
Aang says: "I can't believe they would leave me."
An ostrich horse can be heard coming. A messenger arrives.
Messenger says: "I'm looking for Bato of the Water Tribe."
Aang says: "Uhhh, I know Bato!"
Messenger says: "Make sure he gets this!"
Aang curiously unravels at the message, finding that it is actually a map.
Aang says: "It's the map to Sokka and Katara's dad!"
Aang's curious look changes to frustration as he crumples the map and stuffs it inside his clothes. Shot changes to a further distance of Aang sitting on the boat. Cut to an aerial shot of the abbey. Cut to a door which Aang opens.
Aang says: "Hey everyone!"
Aang says: "Sorry I was gone so long."
Katara says: "Hey, Aang, I didn't notice you left."
Aang says: "Yup, but now I'm back."
Aang says: "Sure could go for some delicious sea prunes!"
Aang quickly takes some bites of sea prunes, but chokes them back up, yet he pretends to enjoy them. Katara, Bato, and Sokka look at him strangely. The scene changes to the herbalist's home that Aang visited to find a cure to Katara and Sokka's sickness in the past. Nyla growl can be heard, to which Miyuki hisses. The herbalist turns around to find Nyla, June, Zuko, and Iroh.
Herbalist says: "Out for a bit of fresh air, are we?"
Zuko says: "We're looking for someone."
June says: "The Avatar's been through here."
June says: "Let's keep moving."
Cut to an aerial shot of the abbey. The shot changes to show Aang airbending a pile of hay to Appa. As he finishes his form, the map falls out of his sleeve.
Mother Superior says: "Aha!"
Mother Superior says: "I caught you."
Mother Superior says: "You should be ashamed of yourself..."
Mother Superior says: "Littering in the courtyard."
The scene cuts to Bato's ship the next day. Bato, Sokka, Katara, and Aang are seen walking toward it.
Bato says: "This ship is sentimental to me."
Bato says: "It was built by my father."
Aang looks down at the ground, noticing the tracks from the messenger's ostrich horse are still visible. He airbends the sand to cover the tracks and whistles nonchalantly. Aang walks up to Bato.
Sokka says: "Is this the boat he took you ice dodging in?"
Bato says: "Yep!"
Bato says: "It's got the scar to prove it."
Bato says: "Ha."
Bato says: "How 'bout you Sokka?"
Bato says: "You must have some good stories from your first time ice dodging."
Katara says: "He never got to go."
Katara says: "Dad left before he was old enough."
Bato says: "Oh, I forgot you were too young."
Aang says: "What's ice dodging?"
Bato says: "It's a rite of passage for young Water Tribe members."
Bato says: "When you turn fourteen, your dad takes you-  You know what, you're about to find out!"
June, Zuko, and Iroh followed Katara's trail to the Makapu Village. As citizens flee from Nyla in terror, he stops in front of Aunt Wu's shop. Wu remains outside her shop, completely calm.
Zuko says: "Why are we stopping?"
June says: "Because the girl must have spent a lot of time here."
Zuko says: "We have no time for this!"
Zuko gets off Nyla and hangs the necklace in front of his face. Nyla appears agitated and he snaps at Zuko, who swiftly ducks down.
Zuko says: "Hey!"
Zuko says: "Watch it!"
June says: "Oh look, he likes you!"
Aunt Wu approaches Iroh, still calm.
Aunt Wu says: "Care to hear your fortune, handsome?"
Iroh says: "At my age, there's really only one big surprise left, and I'd just as soon leave it a mystery."
The threesome leave on Nyla, and the scene cuts back to Bato's ship, which is now sailing close to shore.
Bato says: "Ice dodging is a ceremonial test of wisdom, bravery, and trust."
Bato says: "In our village, ice dodging was done by weaving a boat through a field of icebergs."
Sokka says: "How are we supposed to ice dodge without ice?"
Bato says: "You'll be dodging those."
Bato says: "The winds can be brutal, so be brave."
Bato says: "Aang, you control the jib."
Bato says: "Without your steady hand, we all go down."
Bato says: "Your position is about trust."
Bato says: "For this is to be done right, I cannot help."
Bato says: "You pass or fail on your own."
Sokka says: "Aang, helm to lee."
Sokka says: "Helm to lee!"
Aang says: "What does that even mean?"
The waves knock Bato around. Sokka struggles while Katara and Aang close their eyes. The shot changes to show the boat pass between more rocks.
Sokka says: "Great job!"
Katara and Aang smile. Aerial shot of the boat heading toward a large bundle of rocks.
Katara says: "There's no way through!"
Sokka says: "We can make it."
Bato says: "Sokka, you've already proven yourself."
Sokka says: "Aang, I'm gonna need air in that sail."
Sokka says: "Katara, I want you to bend as much water as you can between us and those rocks."
Sokka says: "Now!"
Katara bends the water below the boat while Aang fires airbending blasts at the sail. Sokka groans nervously as the boat clears the rocks. When they reach clear water, Sokka sighs and relaxes. The rest of the group smiles at him. Fade to an aerial shot of Bato's boat beached on the shore. Shot changes to Bato carrying a small cup of purple paint.
Bato says: "And for Aang, the Mark of the Trusted."
Bato says: "You are now an honorary member of the Water Tribe."
Aang says: "I can't."
Katara says: "Of course you can!"
Aang says: "No, you can't trust me."
Katara says: "Aang, what are you talking about?"
Aang says: "You have to understand."
Bato says: "Well, Sokka."
Sokka says: "Katara, are you with me?"
Katara says: "I'm with you Sokka."
Aang sadly looks at Sokka, Katara, and Bato as they walk away. Cut to an aerial shot of the abbey. The shot changes to show Bato helping Katara secure her pack as Sokka puts on his own pack. Sokka and Bato off camera. Cut to Aang sitting on Appa with Momo next to him. Shot changes to show Katara walking in front of the camera.
Katara says: "Good luck."
Aang says: "Okay."
Aang says: "You too."
Katara joins Sokka and Bato at the abbey gate. Mother Superior, in front of Appa, stares at Aang.
Aang says: "Guess I should be moving on."
Mother Superior says: "That would be best."
Appa growls. The shot changes to outside the abbey. Appa walks out and Aang notices three figures walk away in the distance.
Aang says: "I'm an idiot, Momo."
Cut to an aerial view of the abbey. The shot cuts to three nuns stirring perfume. The sound of rumbling alerts the nuns as they stare in fright as Nyla enters the abbey holding June, Iroh, and Zuko. The shot cuts to Nyla's point of view, who sees the purple scent and turns his head to follow it.
June says: "We're getting close."
Cut to a view of the sky amidst some trees and the camera pans down to show Bato, Katara, and Sokka walking through the woods. A wolf's howl can be heard in the distance.
Katara says: "That wolf sounds so sad."
Sokka says: "It's probably wounded."
Bato says: "and being apart from them was more painful than my wounds."
Fade to another one of Sokka's flashbacks. The young Sokka stands at the end of an ice pier as eight ships travel away, fading into the fog. Frontal shot of the young Sokka fades to Sokka wearing a similar expression from the flashback as he stares at the camera.
Katara says: "Sokka?"
Sokka says: "We need to go back."
Sokka says: "I wanna see Dad, but, helping Aang is where we're needed the most."
Katara says: "You're right."
Bato says: "Your father will understand, and I know he's proud of you."
Sokka says: "Thanks, Bato."
Bato says: "I know where to go from here."
Bato says: "Take this in case you want to find us."
Bato says: "I'll leave a message at the rendezvous point."
The camera pans up and cuts to Aang and Momo sitting on Appa with the abandoned Water Tribe ship behind them.
Aang says: "Looks like we're going alone, guys."
Mother Superior says: "Avatar, you must leave!"
Aang says: "Okay, I get it."
Aang says: "Everybody wants me gone."
Mother Superior says: "A group of people came to the abbey looking for you."
Aang says: "Who?"
Mother Superior says: "A fierce looking woman with a horrible monster, and a young man with a scar."
Aang says: "Zuko."
Mother Superior says: "The beast was using the scent of a necklace to follow you."
Aang says: "A necklace?"
Aang says: "Katara!"
Cut to a long path heading toward the abbey and the camera pans down to two figures walking toward the abbey. The shot changes to show Sokka and Katara walking down the path. Sokka hears a rumbling noise and puts his hand up to stop his sister from walking. Nyla jumps behind them and they both turn around in fear. Nyla looks at Katara.
June says: "No wonder she left, she's way too pretty for you."
Zuko says: "Where is he?"
Zuko says: "Where is the Avatar?"
Sokka says: "We split up."
Sokka says: "He's long gone."
Zuko says: "How stupid do you think I am?"
Sokka says: "Pretty stupid."
Sokka says: "Run!"
They start running, but Nyla uses his tongue to paralyze them.
Zuko says: "What are we supposed to do now?"
June says: "It's seeking a different scent."
June says: "Perhaps something that the Avatar held."
Nyla knocks the map off Sokka's pack and smells its blue scent and follows the trail. Cut to the gates of the abbey as Nyla breaks them down. Nuns scatter and the shot shows Nyla holding June, Iroh, Zuko, Katara, and Sokka. Nyla walks around in a circle.
Zuko says: "What's it doing?"
Zuko says: "It's just going in a circle."
The camera shows Nyla's point of view as he follows the blue scent trail up into the air and sees Aang flying down. The shot changes to Aang flying over Nyla, who stands on his hind legs and attempts to paralyze the Avatar with his tongue, throwing off his riders. Nyla falls down, too.
Katara says: "Aang!"
June says: "Up!"
June and Nyla charge at Aang, but Appa knocks down Nyla by leaping on the shirshu's side. Appa growls and snorts at June and Nyla. Cut to Zuko and Aang facing each other. In the background, two nuns drag Sokka and Katara to the side of the abbey. Shot changes from Zuko to Aang to Zuko. Zuko firebends a blast at Aang, who stops it by waving his glider. Aang sends a blast of air at Zuko, who sidesteps it and sends a fire blast at Aang, who spins his staff to stop the blast. Aang sends an airbending blast at Zuko, who sidesteps it and sends another fire blast at Aang. Aang jumps to avoid the blast. Zuko moves in closer to Aang and sends two fire blasts at Aang's head and feet. Aang throws his staff and both jump and duck at the blasts. Zuko punches and kicks at Aang, sending fire blasts at him. Aang avoids these blasts and sends an air blast at Zuko's head. Zuko ducks and sends more fire blasts at Aang. Zuko and Aang both firebend and airbend, respectively, at each other at the same time, creating large explosion that forms a mushroom cloud. The shot changes to show Zuko and Aang fall on different roofs. Cut to Nyla and June lying on the ground. Iroh runs up to June and puts his hand on her cheek. June wakes up and stands up.
June says: "Come on!"
June says: "Get up!"
Nyla gets up. Shot of Iroh smiling. Cut to Nyla running across the abbey with June riding him. Cut to Appa's paw as Nyla lashes his tongue at it. Appa lands and falls down, paralyzed. Cut to a shot of June looking at Appa, who opens his eyes and slowly gets back up to his feet and growls. Nyla growls back and they charge at each other when June cracks her whip. The collision between the two beasts sends June flying over Appa, and she takes the opportunity to whip the sky bison. She lands on the ground and quickly rolls to the side before Appa stomps on the ground behind him where June had landed, cracking the floor.
Cut to Aang on the roof as he lifts his head and groans and gasps. Cut to Zuko running across the roof and sending a fire blast at the camera. Aang jumps into the air. Zuko sends a fire blast at Aang's feet. Aang jumps up and sends an airbending blast at Zuko. When Aang lands, Zuko sends a fire blast at him. Aang uses an air shield to stop it. Aang gets up and sends a stream of air at Zuko, sending him to an abbey corner tower. Aang runs toward Zuko and attacks him with an air blast. Zuko jumps off the roof and Nyla jumps on. As Aang runs away from the shirshu, Appa uses his tail to send an airbending blast at the roof. Cut to Sokka and Katara sitting by a wall.
Sokka says: "I'm..."
Sokka says: "starting to get some feeling back!"
Sokka says: "Ow."
Cut to Aang jumping in the abbey courtyard stream and Nyla follows him. Cut to June and Nyla on the roof. They run to the side as a part of the abbey roof explodes. The dust clears to show Appa. Cut to Iroh examining some perfume bottles. He sniffs one and sneaks it into his sleeves. Cut to Aang standing by a well. Zuko sends him three firebending blasts. Aang jumps to the other side of the well to dodge them. Zuko sends another fire blast at him. Aang ducks and notices Zuko is carrying Katara's necklace.
Aang says: "You've got something I want."
Aang jumps between the four beams of the well. He dodges Zuko's fire blasts by moving on all sides of the well. Zuko breaks two of the well's beams and sends the wooden structure away. Zuko jumps on the well's circular stone structure to join Aang. Zuko sends two fire blasts at Aang, who dodges them by stepping around the well. Aang sends two air blasts at Zuko. The shot focuses on well as the two opponents walk on top of the well. Aang snatches at Katara's stole necklace, but misses. Zuko lunges at Aang, who jumps onto his back. Cut to a shot of Aang flying through the air as he grabs Katara's necklace off his foot. Aang lands in the well. Zuko sends a fire blast down the well. The water from the well rises out and sends Zuko flying. Aang jumps out with the water, which rains a little before Zuko falls down. Zuko stands up.
Cut to Appa, who walks toward Zuko. Nyla's tongue lashes out at Appa from off-camera. Appa growls and the shot changes to show June riding Nyla. June cracks her whip and Nyla's tongue lashes out at Appa again. Appa falls down and Nyla looks toward Sokka and Katara. Mother Superior makes both of them smell a vial of perfume.
Sokka says: "That thing sees with its nose."
Sokka says: "Let's give him something to look at."
Mother Superior says: "The perfume?"
Sokka nods. Cut to four pots of perfume. The nuns and Sokka push the pots. Cut to Nyla and Zuko cornering Aang. Zuko attacks Aang with a two fire blasts. Sokka and the nuns pour the perfume pots onto the ground. Katara waterbends the perfume into the air and pours it on Nyla. The shot changes to show Nyla's point of view as the perfume scents cloud his vision of Aang.
Shot cuts to Nyla running around in a circle and bumps into more perfume pots. Nyla jumps over the abbey wall. Shot cuts to Aang picking up his staff and wiping his brow. Katara and Sokka stand next to Aang and smile at him. Cut to Zuko and Iroh lying down on the ground. Iroh cradles June in one hand.
Zuko says: "Uncle?"
Zuko says: "I didn't see you get hit with the tongue."
Iroh says: "Shhh."
Iroh goes back to his position, smiling. June opens her eyes angrily upon learning this.
Cut to Appa flying with Team Avatar on his back. Cut to a closer shot of Sokka and Katara as Aang steers the bison.
Aang says: "So..."
Aang says: "where do we go?"
Katara says: "We're getting you to the North Pole."
Sokka says: "Yeah, we've lost too much time as it is."
Aang says: "Don't you want to see your father?"
Sokka says: "Of course we do, Aang."
Sokka says: "But, you're our family, too."
Sokka says: "And right now, you need us more."
Katara says: "And we need you."
Aang says: "I wish I could give you a little piece of home, Katara."
Aang says: "Something to remind you..."
Katara says: "I'll be okay."
Aang says: "Still, just a little trinket."
Aang says: "Maybe something like..."
Katara says: "Aang, how'd you get that?"
Aang says: "Zuko asked me to be sure I got it to you."
Katara says: "Aw, that's so sweet of Zuko."
Katara says: "Could you give him a kiss for me when you see him?"
Aang says: "Sure."
Katara kisses Aang on the cheek and Aang blushes and twiddles his thumbs. Further shot of Appa flying toward the horizon.
Fade to credits.
Deleted scene says: "The following scene takes place immediately following the scene where Zuko and Iroh meet June for the first time as she catches the stowaway on Zuko's ship."