The episode opens to morning at the Western Air Temple. Cuts to overhead shot of the team's campsite, the camera panning downward slightly, showing their sleeping bags all arranged in a circular form. Cuts to overhead shot of Suki and Chit Sang sleeping, Chit Sang snoring. The camera pans to the right to reveal Hakoda asleep next to Chit Sang. Cuts to ground-level shot of Teo asleep, The Duke and Zuko in the background also in a slumber.
Cuts to shot of Aang asleep on Appa as he wakes up, yawning and rubs his eyes. Cuts to shot of the nearby fountain from the view of their campsite, several birds fluttering about. The birds suddenly fly away as a bomb is launched their way, splashing through the waterfall fountain. Cuts to Aang, who grows suddenly alert, before switching to shot of Appa as the Avatar rises and uses his glider to airbend the bomb away. Cuts to overhead shot of the temple as the bomb explodes. Two more bombs pelt the building. Cuts to campsite, where everyone is now fully awake.
Cuts to shot of Aang, his back to the camera, as he races toward the edge of the building, glider in hand. The camera zooms in past his figure to a shot of a Fire Nation airship coming into view. Cuts to side-view of the bow of the airship, which launches another bomb that sails through the air and crashes into a nearby bridge. Cuts to Aang, who runs back to the campsite, Appa following close behind, and uses airbending to force the large, ceiling-high metal doors surrounding their site to close. Several bombs continue to assail the temple. Cuts to shot of a portion of the ceiling roof, as it begins to crumble and finally caves in. Cuts to overhead shot of Katara standing directly beneath the crumbling ceiling. She looks up, alarmed, only to be pushed out of the way by Zuko.
Zuko says: "Watch out!"
Cuts to shot of the two as they roll across the floor, the debris from the ceiling crashing several feet away from them. They finally settle on the ground.
Katara says: "What are you doing?"
Zuko says: "Keeping rocks from crushing you."
Katara says: "Okay, I'm not crushed."
Katara says: "You can get off me now!"
Katara rushes out from under Zuko and exits off screen.
Zuko says: "I'll take that as a thank you."
Cuts to a section of the wall where a hole is bored through. The camera zooms out to show Toph and Haru, who have created the exit way using earthbending.
Toph says: "Come on!"
Toph says: "We can get out through here!"
Cuts to overhead shot of the tunnel as everyone begins entering the passageway. Aang stays behind, trying to get Appa to leave with him by pulling on the bison's reins. The camera zooms out, as he spots Zuko standing, facing the airships.
Aang says: "What are you doing?"
Zuko says: "Go ahead!"
Zuko says: "I'll hold them off."
Zuko says: "I think this is a family visit."
Aang says: "Zuko!"
Aang says: "No!"
Sokka says: "Come on!"
Sokka says: "We've gotta get out of here!"
Aang, Katara, and Sokka begin pulling on the reins together in an attempt to budge Appa. Cuts to shot of the doors of the building, which continue to be destroyed. Debris continues to fall to the ground as Zuko races toward the doors and leaps over to the other side just as another piece of the door falls and shatters. Cuts to shot of Zuko running toward the airships. One bomb is launched and lands several feet before him where it detonates. Thick gray plumes of smoke rise; after a brief moment, Zuko emerges from the smoke cover, unharmed.
He firebends a large blast from his hand. Cuts to shot of an airship, as it receives the blow. Cuts to shot of Zuko standing near the edge of the temple, looking at the airships. A podium-like devise suddenly rises; standing atop it is Azula. Cuts to shot of the princess, who has an evil, maniacal grin on her face.
Zuko says: "What are you doing here?"
Azula says: "You mean it's not obvious yet?"
Azula says: "I am about to celebrate becoming an only child!"
Azula kicks a large blast of flame at her brother. Zuko dodges and runs backward into the temple, but falls. Several blasts are sent his way as the temple begins to fall apart. He runs toward the airships. As he jumps toward the ship, he sends several shots toward Azula, but fails to hit her and jumps onto the airship. He falls down into the misty floor below.
Aang and the group are seen trying to get Appa into the tunnel unsuccessfully.
Aang says: "I can't get him to go in there!"
Aang says: "Appa hates tunnels!"
Katara says: "Aang, there's no way we can fly out of here."
Aang says: "We'll have to find a way!"
Sokka says: "We need to split up."
Sokka says: "Take the tunnel and get to the stolen airship."
Katara says: "The Fire Nation can't separate our family again!"
Hakoda says: "It'll be okay."
Hakoda says: "It's not forever."
Katara hesitates before hugging her dad and running back to Aang. Sokka and Hakoda hug also as Sokka takes Suki and runs with the others. The two groups go their separate ways. Toph is seen touching a wall.
Toph says: "I can clear that away and we can fly out through there!"
Suki says: "Um, there's an awful lot of fire in that general direction..."
Aang says: "We'll get through."
Aang says: "Let's go."
Appa flies through to the outside of the temple, covered by a shield of rock in front. Azula tries to bring him down, only for the shield to absorb the blasts. Appa escapes and the shield disintegrates. Behind Azula, a second airship rises, revealing Zuko survived his fall by getting onto another airship.
Zuko and Azula face off. Zuko makes the first move. He jumps toward Azula, who sends columns of fire at him, which he responds to with more blasts. The two attack each other several times.
Scene changes to Appa, dodging fire blasts, as Katara deflects several large whips of fire with her waterbending. The group rises above the airship to avoid more fire.
Back on the airship. Azula and Zuko are evenly matched until they both hit each other with fire-packed punches, launching them both off the airship. Zuko is caught by Katara, but Azula is left falling.
Zuko says: "She's..."
Zuko says: "not gonna make it..."
Zuko says: "Of course she did."
Cuts to shot of Azula, who stands on the side of the cliff, smiling evilly. Cuts to shot of her watching as the team escapes, her back to the camera. The scene switches to where the gang is camping outside.
Aang says: "Wow, camping..."
Aang says: "it really seems like old times again, doesn't it?"
Katara says: "Ha, ha."
Sokka says: "To Zuko!"
Sokka says: "Who knew after all those times he tried to snuff us out, today he'd be our hero?"
Zuko says: "I don't deserve this."
Sokka says: "What's with her?"
Zuko says: "I wish I knew."
Cuts to shot of the entire campsite.
Sokka says: "What's with him?"
Cuts to shot of a waxing gibbous moon, partially obscured by the clouds. Cuts to a shot of Katara sitting on a rock and overlooking a rocky cliff, Zuko approaching her from behind. She catches sight of him, immediately grows antagonistic, and rises to walk farther away toward the cliff.
Zuko says: "This isn't fair!"
Zuko says: "Everyone else seems to trust me now!"
Zuko says: "What is it with you?"
Katara says: "And you turned around and betrayed me, betrayed all of us!"
Zuko says: "What can I do to make it up to you?"
Katara says: "Or, I know!"
Katara says: "You could bring my mother back!"
Katara storms away, slightly hitting his left shoulder with her right one as she passes Zuko, leaving him disappointed. Cuts to shot of entire cliff side, the waves crashing against the rocky wall. The scene switches to the campsite where Zuko accidentally runs into Suki on his way to confront Sokka.
Suki says: "Oops, wrong tent!"
Zuko says: "Sorry, do you need to talk to Sokka, too?"
Suki says: "Nope, not me!"
Zuko enters the tent, a look of disbelief spreading across his face.
Sokka says: "So what's on your mind?"
Zuko says: "Your sister."
Zuko says: "She hates me!"
Zuko says: "And I don't know why, but I do care what she thinks of me."
Sokka says: "Nah, she doesn't hate you."
Sokka says: "Katara doesn't hate anyone."
Sokka says: "Except maybe some people in the Fire Nation."
Sokka says: "No, I mean, uh, not people who are good, but used to be bad."
Sokka says: "I mean, bad people."
Sokka says: "Fire Nation people who are still bad, who've never been good and probably won't be, ever!"
Zuko says: "Stop."
Zuko says: "Okay, listen."
Zuko says: "I know this may seem out of nowhere, but I want you to tell me what happened to your mother."
Sokka says: "What?"
Sokka says: "Why would you want to know that?"
Zuko says: "Katara mentioned it before when we were imprisoned together in Ba Sing Se, and again just now when she was yelling at me."
Zuko says: "I think somehow she's connected her anger at that to her anger at me."
Sokka says: "It's not a day I like to remember."
A flashback is shown of a younger Katara having a snowball fight with her brother. Sokka peers over a snow wall and prepares to throw a snowball at his sister only to be hit by a snowball thrown by a younger Katara, off-screen. Cuts to shot of Katara, who giggles joyfully. Cuts to shot of Sokka, who climbs over the snow wall, carrying an exceptionally large snowball. He drops it, however, upon witnessing blackened snow falling from the sky.
Young Katara says: "I'm going to find Mom!"
Sokka says: "We were badly outnumbered, but somehow, we managed to drive them off."
Sokka says: "As quickly as they came, they just left."
Cuts to shot of Sokka tossing his boomerang toward the retreating soldiers. The scene switches back to present day.
Sokka says: "I was so relieved when it was over, but that's because I didn't know yet what had happened."
Sokka says: "I didn't know we had lost our mother."
Zuko says: "Wait."
Zuko says: "Can you remember any details about the soldiers who raided your village?"
Zuko says: "Like what the lead ship looked like?"
Sokka says: "Yeah..."
Sokka says: "sea ravens."
Sokka says: "The main ship had flags with sea ravens on them."
Zuko says: "The symbol of the Southern Raiders."
Zuko says: "Thanks, Sokka."
Sokka says: "Suki!"
Unfortunately for him, Zuko has barely taken two steps away from the tent and is looking curiously at Sokka. Sokka pretends to be completely oblivious and whistles. The next day, Katara emerges from her tent to find Zuko waiting outside, sitting on a rock.
Katara says: "You look terrible."
Zuko says: "I waited out here all night."
Katara says: "What do you want?"
Zuko says: "I know who killed your mother,  and I'm going to help you find him."
Katara casts him a look of shock, which soon turns to a look of anger.
The scene changes to later in the day where Aang is feeding Appa hay. Sokka fiddles around with a flower necklace. Katara and Zuko approach the bison, Zuko carrying a sack slung over his shoulder.
Katara says: "I need to borrow Appa."
Aang says: "Why?"
Aang says: "Is it your turn to take a little field trip with Zuko?"
Katara says: "Yes, it is."
Aang says: "Oh."
Aang says: "What's going on?"
Katara says: "We're going to find the man who took my mother from me."
Sokka pauses and stands up, surprised.
Zuko says: "Sokka told me the story of what happened."
Zuko says: "I know who did it and I know how to find him."
Aang says: "Um..."
Aang says: "and what exactly do you think this will accomplish?"
Aang says: "Wait!"
Aang says: "Stop!"
Aang says: "I do understand."
Aang says: "You're feeling unbelievable pain and rage."
Aang says: "How do think I felt about the sandbenders when they stole Appa?"
Aang says: "How do you think I felt about the Fire Nation when I found out what happened to my people?"
Zuko says: "She needs this, Aang."
Zuko says: "This is about getting closure and justice."
Aang says: "I don't think so."
Aang says: "I think it's about getting revenge."
Katara says: "Fine, maybe it is!"
Katara says: "Maybe that's what I need!"
Katara says: "Maybe that's what he deserves!"
Aang says: "Katara, you sound like Jet."
Katara says: "It's not the same!"
Katara says: "Jet attacked the innocent."
Katara says: "This man, he's a monster."
Sokka says: "Katara, she was my mother, too, but I think Aang might be right."
Katara says: "Then you didn't love her the way I did!"
Sokka says: "Katara!"
Aang says: "The monks used to say that revenge is like a two-headed rat viper."
Aang says: "While you watch your enemy go down, you're being poisoned yourself."
Zuko says: "That's cute, but this isn't air temple preschool."
Zuko says: "It's the real world."
Katara says: "Now that I know he's out there..."
Katara says: "now that I know we can find him, I feel like I have no choice."
Aang says: "Katara, you do have a choice: forgiveness."
Zuko says: "That's the same as doing nothing!"
Aang says: "No, it's not."
Aang says: "It's easy to do nothing, but it's hard to forgive."
Katara says: "It's not just hard, it's impossible."
The scene changes to later that night where Katara is seen dressed in a black cloak, tying her hair in a ponytail. Aang and Sokka watch her from behind a rock before emerging from behind it.
Aang says: "So you were just gonna take Appa anyway?"
Katara says: "Yes."
Aang says: "It's okay, because I forgive you."
Aang says: "That give you any ideas?"
Katara says: "Don't try to stop us."
Aang says: "I wasn't planning to."
Aang says: "This is a journey you need to take."
Aang says: "You need to face this man."
Aang says: "But when you do, please don't choose revenge."
Aang says: "Let your anger out, and then let it go."
Aang says: "Forgive him."
Katara says: "Thanks for understanding, Aang."
Katara says: "Yip-yip."
Sokka says: "You know, you're pretty wise for a kid."
Aang says: "Thanks, Sokka."
Sokka says: "Usually it's annoying, but right now, I'm impressed."
Aang says: "I appreciate that."
Sokka says: "So, can I borrow Momo for a week?"
Aang says: "Why do you need Momo?"
Sokka simply shrugs.
The scene changes to Zuko and Katara flying on Appa, heading straight for the camera.
Zuko says: "We need to find the Fire Navy communication tower."
Zuko says: "All the navy's movements are coordinated by messenger hawk."
Zuko says: "And every tower has to be up to date on where everyone is deployed."
Katara says: "So once we find the communication tower, we bust in and take the information we need."
Zuko says: "otherwise they'll warn the Southern Raiders long before we reach them."
The scene switches to where Zuko and Katara run out from behind a mass of large rocks. Using waterbending, Katara creates a raft of ice for her and Zuko to ride on to the communication tower. The scene cuts to a corridor of tower where the two are crouched in a corner, watching two guards walk out a door. After the guards have passed, they stealthily run through the open door. The scene cuts to a female guard sitting at a writing desk. The duo peers at her from overhead gratings. Katara waterbends the ink onto the guard's hands. She rises from the desk and walks away. Katara and Zuko use the time to comb through the files stored in the drawers.
Zuko says: "Okay, Southern Raiders."
Zuko says: "On patrol near Whaletail Island."
Katara says: "Whaletail Island, here we come."
The scene changes to the next morning. Zuko arises from his sleep and looks at Katara steering Appa. She has dark circles under her eyes from lack of sleep.
Zuko says: "You should get some rest."
Zuko says: "We'll be there in a few hours."
Zuko says: "You'll need all your strength."
Katara says: "Oh, don't you worry about my strength."
Katara says: "I have plenty."
Katara says: "I'm not the helpless little girl I was when they came."
The scene fades into a flashback of the Southern Raiders' attack.
Young Katara says: "I'm going to find Mom."
She runs nervously past her brother. Several Water Tribe warriors are shown running about in a frantic motion. The camera focuses on Katara again, who arrives at their igloo and pushes back the curtain.
Young Katara says: "Mom!"
She runs in to discover her mother seated on the floor, a man towering over her.
Kya says: "Just let her go and I'll give you the information you want."
Yon Rha says: "You heard your mother."
Yon Rha says: "Get out of here!"
Young Katara says: "Mommy, I'm scared."
Kya says: "Go find your dad, sweetie."
Kya says: "I'll handle this."
Katara gazes into the menacing eyes of the Southern Raiders commander and runs off. The scene changes to her sprinting across the snowy battlefield.
Katara says: "I ran as fast as I could."
Young Katara says: "Dad, Dad!"
Young Katara says: "Please, I think Mom's in trouble!"
Young Katara says: "There's a man in our house!"
Hakoda says: "Kya!"
The two run to their house frantically. Hakoda pushes back the blue drapes before the scene fades to white back to present day.
Katara says: "But we were too late."
Katara says: "When we got there, the man was gone."
Katara says: "And so was she."
Zuko says: "Your mother was a brave woman."
Katara says: "I know."
The scene changes to later that night, where Zuko has taken command of Appa and Katara is sleeping on Appa's saddle. Zuko is looking through a telescope.
Zuko says: "There!"
Zuko says: "It's the Southern Raiders."
Katara says: "Let's do this."
Appa submerges underwater, Katara waterbending an air bubble around his head so they can breathe. The camera cuts to a shot of a group of Fire Nation soldiers having a conversation on the deck of the ship.
Soldier says: "So there I was, and I was like, 'You know..."
He yells as a large water whip emerges from the surface and coils around his body, dragging him off the ship. The other soldiers run to the source of the incident in shock. Appa surfaces and Katara waterbends two huge waves at the ship. The others turn around to see the torrent of water flood the ship, washing them overboard. Appa lands on the deck. One soldier, who has managed to stay aboard the ship, attacks Katara, who pushes him away with a gush of water. She and Zuko make their way through the corridors of the ship, Katara's arms covered in water for defense. One soldier bursts from his cabin, a sword in hand only to be attacked and locked back inside by Zuko. Katara follows him to a large doorway, where they abruptly halt.
Zuko says: "This is it, Katara."
Zuko says: "Are you ready to face him?"
Katara pulls down her face mask and lets out a cry as she sends a powerful stream of water toward the door. The scene changes to the inside of the room, the door having been knocked down by the impact of the water. The Southern Raiders commander attempts to attack Zuko, who only deflects his firebending attacks.
Southern Raiders commander says: "Who are you?"
Zuko says: "You don't remember her?"
Zuko says: "You will soon, trust me."
The Southern Raiders commander prepares to strike once more, however, his hand fails to move and begins trembling.
Southern Raiders commander says: "What's..."
Southern Raiders commander says: "happening to me?"
The camera focuses on Katara using bloodbending on him. With swift motions, she forces him to the ground. Zuko looks on at her, momentarily stunned before turning his attention back to the commander.
Zuko says: "Think back."
Zuko says: "Think back to your last raid on the Southern Water Tribe."
Southern Raiders commander says: "I don't know what you're talking about."
Southern Raiders commander says: "Please, I don't know!"
Zuko says: "Don't lie!"
Zuko says: "You look her in the eye and you tell me you don't remember what you did."
Katara bloodbends him, fixing him into a position where the Southern Raiders commander looks right into her eyes. She gives him a cold, hard stare. The camera closes up on one of the commander's eyes before cutting to where Katara's face has changed from one of hate to one of shock.
Katara says: "It's not him."
Katara says: "He's not the man."
Zuko says: "What?"
Zuko says: "What do you mean he's not?"
Zuko says: "He's the leader of the Southern Raiders!"
Zuko says: "He has to be the guy!"
Katara remains silent and begins walking away. Zuko grabs the weak commander and pins him to the wall.
Zuko says: "If you're not the man we're looking for, who is?"
Southern Raiders commander says: "You must be looking for Yon Rha."
Southern Raiders commander says: "He retired four years ago."
The camera focuses on Katara, whose eyes are filled with tears. The scene changes to a shot of the ground where an anonymous character rakes the soil with a trough. Cuts to a side-view shot of a house where a man is tending to his garden. The sky is dark and gray with storm clouds. An elderly woman walks up to the open door of the house behind him.
Yon Rha's mother says: "Yon Rha!"
Yon Rha's mother says: "You lazy piece of work, I need something."
Yon Rha says: "Yes, Mother."
Yon Rha says: "What is it?"
Yon Rha's mother says: "The tomato-carrots from your garden are too hard for my gums."
Yon Rha's mother says: "I need something soft and juicy!"
Yon Rha says: "Would you like something else from the garden?"
Yon Rha says: "I would be happy to..."
Yon Rha's mother says: "Get your grimy hind to the market and buy me some real food!"
Cut to the flower bed as Yon Rha stands up. Cut to the back view of Yon Rha as he walks toward the town's entrance. Cut to some vegetables on display at a stall. The scene changes to where Yon Rha is walking to the marketplace of the village, the place almost desolate. Yon Rha enters the screen. He begins to buy vegetables from a stand. A wind chime tinkles from one of the other stands. Yon Rha sharply turns around to view the suspicious activity. The camera view changes to someone ducking behind the stand.
Yon Rha says: "Did you see someone?"
The stand owner shakes his head. Yon Rha is later seen walking back to house down some steps. He stops again and looks up.
Yon Rha says: "Hello?"
Yon Rha says: "Is someone there?"
He resumes walking again. Katara and Zuko appear from their hiding place.
Katara says: "That was him."
Katara says: "That was the monster."
The scene cuts to where Yon Rha is walking, rain beginning to fall. He turns and stops once more.
Yon Rha says: "Nobody sneaks up on me without getting burned!"
Sensing no one, he picks up the fallen vegetables and continues on his way. He unknowingly steps on a thin wire, causing him to fall into the mud. He tries to get up only to see a fire blast coming his way which he quickly avoids. Zuko appears before him.
Zuko says: "We weren't behind the bush."
Zuko says: "And I wouldn't try firebending again!"
Yon Rha says: "Whoever you are, take my money."
Yon Rha says: "Take whatever you want."
Yon Rha says: "I'll cooperate."
Katara walks up to Yon Rha and pulls down her face mask.
Katara says: "Do you know who I am?"
Yon Rha says: "No."
Yon Rha says: "I'm not sure."
Katara says: "Oh, you better remember me like your life depends on it!"
Katara says: "Why don't you take a closer look?"
Yon Rha says: "You're that little Water Tribe girl."
Lightning strikes, darkening the screen and flashing back to the incident in the igloo with the young Katara, her mother and Yon Rha.
Kya says: "Just let her go and  I'll give you the information you want."
Yon Rha says: "You heard your mother."
Yon Rha says: "Get out of here!"
Young Katara says: "Mommy, I'm scared."
Kya says: "Go find your dad, sweetie."
Kya says: "I'll handle this."
Young Katara leaves the igloo. Yon Rha faces Kya again.
Yon Rha says: "Now tell me, who is it?"
Yon Rha says: "Who's the waterbender?"
Kya says: "There are no waterbenders here."
Kya says: "The Fire Nation took them all away a long time ago."
Yon Rha says: "You're lying."
Yon Rha says: "My source says there's one waterbender left in the Southern Water Tribe."
Yon Rha says: "We're not leaving until we find the waterbender!"
Kya says: "If I tell you, do you promise  Take me as your prisoner."
Yon Rha says: "I'm afraid I'm not taking prisoners today..."
Fade to present day Yon Rha who gulps in terror as the flashback ends. Lightning strikes in the background.
Katara says: "She lied to you!"
Katara says: "She was protecting the last waterbender!"
Yon Rha says: "What?"
Yon Rha says: "Who?"
Katara says: "Me!"
She holds both her arms out, halting the falling raindrops and creating a shield above the three of them. After a few moments, she sends a forceful stream of water at Yon Rha, transforming the stream into a flurry of ice daggers midway through her attack. Yon Rha crouches in fear, preparing to be hit. When he does not feel harmed, he looks up to see the ice daggers floating in midair. Katara's expression softens and she allows for the daggers to liquefy and drop to the ground.
Katara says: "I always wondered what kind of person could do such a thing, but now that I see you, I think I understand."
Katara says: "There's just nothing inside you, nothing at all."
Katara says: "You're pathetic and sad and empty."
Katara says: "But as much as I hate you..."
Katara says: "I just can't do it."
Katara closes her eyes and lowers her head. Cut to Yon Rha, a hint of a smile gracing his lips upon realizing he will be spared. Without saying another word, Katara turns around and walks away; Zuko looks from Katara to Yon Rha, shooting the latter a last dirty look, and follows her. Yon Rha continues crying and shivering in the rain. The scene cuts to a boardwalk overlooking the water. It is later that day. Scene cuts to Katara, who is sitting on the edge of the dock, her eyes closed, paddling the water with her feet. She opens her eyes sadly as Aang and Zuko approach her.
Aang says: "Katara?"
Aang says: "Are you okay?"
Katara says: "I'm doing fine."
Aang says: "Zuko told me what you did."
Aang says: "Or what you didn't do, I guess."
Aang says: "I'm proud of you."
Katara says: "I wanted to do it."
Katara says: "I wanted to take out all my anger at him, but I couldn't."
Katara says: "I don't know if it's because I'm too weak to do it or because I'm strong enough not to."
Aang says: "You did the right thing."
Aang says: "Forgiveness is the first step you have to take to begin healing."
Katara says: "But I am ready to forgive you."
The two hug and Katara begins walking away.
Zuko says: "You were right about what Katara needed."
Zuko says: "Violence wasn't the answer."
Aang says: "It never is."
Zuko says: "Then I have a question for you."
Zuko says: "What are you gonna do when you face my father?"
Camera focuses on Aang, who now has a worried expression on his face. Fades to credits.