The episode opens where several Fire Nation tanks rumble across the terrain, a large metal mechanism following close behind. The camera zooms out to a shot of the Fire Nation drill slowly moving its way toward the Outer Wall of Ba Sing Se. Several sections of the drill extend forward, releasing steam as spikes are driven into the ground. The drill's command module ascends where inside are Princess Azula, her friends, Mai and Ty Lee, War Minister Qin and several operators of the drill.
Qin says: "This drill is a feat of scientific ingenuity and raw destructive power."
Qin says: "Once it tunnels through the wall, our troops will storm their city."
Qin says: "The Earth Kingdom will finally fall, and you can claim Ba Sing Se in the name of your father."
Qin says: "Nothing can stop us."
Ty Lee says: "Hmmm, what about those muscle-y guys down there?"
She peers through a periscope at several Earth Kingdom troops using earthbending to create large trenches, Fire Nation forces following them in hot pursuit.
Qin says: "Please."
Qin says: "The drill's metal shell is impervious to any earthbending attack."
Azula says: "Oh, I'm sure it is, War Minister Qin, but just to be on the safe side..."
Azula says: "Mai and Ty Lee, take the earthbenders out!"
The scene changes to where Katara, Sokka and Toph are escorting Than and his family to the city. Aang appears, flying in on his glider with Momo behind him. He lands, Momo perched on his shoulder.
Katara says: "Aang, what are you doing here?"
Katara says: "I thought you were looking for Appa."
Aang says: "I was, but something stopped me."
Aang says: "Something big."
The scene switches to the base of the Outer Wall where Aang and Toph use earthbending to transport everyone up the wall.
Sokka says: "Now what's so big that Appa has to wait?"
Aang says: "That."
The group arrives at the top of the Outer Wall.
Earthbender guard says: "What are you people doing here?"
Earthbender guard says: "Civilians aren't allowed on the wall!"
Aang says: "I'm the Avatar."
Aang says: "Take me to whoever is in charge."
The scene changes to a portion of the Outer Wall where a roof rises overhead, supported by tall arches. An Earth Kingdom general sits behind a desk.
General Sung says: "It is an honor to welcome you to the Outer Wall, young Avatar, but your help is not needed."
Aang says: "Not needed?"
General Sung says: "Not needed."
General Sung says: "I have the situation under control."
General Sung says: "I assure you the Fire Nation cannot penetrate this wall."
General Sung says: "Many have tried to break through it, but none have succeeded."
Toph says: "What about the Dragon of the West?"
Toph says: "He got in."
General Sung says: "That means "penetrable city."
Toph says: "Yeah, thanks for the tour, but we still got the drill problem."
General Sung says: "Not for long."
General Sung says: "To stop it, I've sent an elite platoon of earthbenders called the Terra Team."
Sokka says: "That's a good group name."
Sokka says: "Very catchy."
The scene cuts to where the Terra Team is launching their assault on the Fire Nation drill. They manage to overthrow one tank and get closer to the drill.
Terra Team leader says: "Ready..."
Terra Team leader says: "attack!"
The earthbenders wedge large earth spikes into the metal shell of the drill to halt it. However, the drill's segments separate, reducing the columns to crumbles. The Terra Team narrowly manages to conjure earth shields to defend themselves against an assault of flying daggers hurled by Mai. She and Ty Lee are seen sliding down the shell of the drill. The scene cuts to the side of the drill where Ty Lee lands gracefully onto the ground. She effortlessly manages to defeat the earthbenders through an acrobatic display, utilizing chi blocking.
Sokka says: "Get a hold of yourself, man!"
General Sung says: "You're right."
General Sung says: "I'm sorry."
Toph says: "Maybe you'd like the Avatar's help now?"
General Sung says: "Yes, please."
The scene changes to where Aang and the rest are overlooking the wall at the drill.
Aang says: "The question is, how are we going to stop that thing?"
Sokka says: "Why are you all looking at me?"
Aang says: "You're the idea guy."
Sokka says: "So I'm the only one who can ever come up with a plan?"
Sokka says: "That's a lot of pressure."
Katara says: "And also the complaining guy."
Sokka says: "That part I don't mind."
The scene changes to where a ticket woman is inspecting Zuko and Iroh's tickets.
Ticket woman says: "So, Mr."
Ticket woman says: "Lee and Mr."
Ticket woman says: "ummm..."
Ticket woman says: "Mushy, is it?"
Iroh says: "It's pronounced Mushi."
Ticket woman says: "You telling me how to do my job?"
Iroh says: "Uh, no, no."
Iroh says: "But may I just say you're like a flower in bloom."
Iroh says: "Your beauty is intoxicating."
Camera changes to view of Jet, overlooking Zuko, now under the adopted alias, Lee.
Jet says: "I think Lee would make a good Freedom Fighter."
Jet says: "He's just trying to find his way in the world, like us."
Smellerbee says: "You don't know anything about him, Jet."
Jet says: "I know he didn't get that scar from a waterbender."
Smellerbee says: "Besides, I thought we were going straight now."
Jet says: "We are, and the new Freedom Fighters could use a guy like Lee."
Jet says: "What do you think, Longshot?"
Longshot looks over at him silently with a meaningful look on his face and blinks his eyes.
Jet says: "I can respect that."
Meanwhile, back at the Outer Wall, Katara attempts to heal a member of the Terra Team.
General Sung says: "What's wrong with him?"
General Sung says: "He doesn't look injured."
Katara says: "His chi is blocked."
Katara says: "Who did this to you?"
Terra Team member says: "Two girls ambushed us."
Terra Team member says: "One of them hit me with a bunch of quick jabs and suddenly I couldn't earthbend anymore and I could barely move."
Terra Team member says: "Then she cartwheeled away."
Katara says: "Ty Lee."
Katara says: "She doesn't look dangerous, but she knows the human body and its weak points."
Katara says: "It's like she takes you down from the inside."
Sokka says: "Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh!"
Sokka says: "Ooh!"
Katara says: "Yes?"
Sokka says: "What you just said!"
Sokka says: "That's how we're going to take down the drill!"
Sokka says: "The same way Ty Lee took down all those big earthbenders!"
Toph says: "By hitting its pressure points!"
Aang says: "We'll take it down from the inside."
The scene cuts to the Fire Nation drill. The camera pans to where Aang, Katara, Sokka and Toph are crouching together in one of the abandoned trenches of the Terra Team.
Toph says: "Once I whip up some cover, you're not going to be able to see."
Toph says: "So, stay close to me."
She steps outside the trench and with a powerful stomp of her foot, sending a mass of flying debris clouding toward the drill.
Toph says: "Run!"
The group races into the dust cloud behind Toph. The scene cuts to the command module where Ty Lee is peering at the cloud through the periscope.
Ty Lee says: "Hey, look at that dust cloud."
Ty Lee says: "Poof."
Qin says: "Don't worry, Princess."
Qin says: "I'm sure it's nothing."
The scene changes to outside where the group is standing in the midst of the dust beside the drill. Toph earthbends a hole into the ground.
Toph says: "Everyone into the hole!"
She and the others jump into the hole and the ground above them closes shut. The camera pans to underground where it is pitch black.
Sokka says: "It's so dark down here, I can't see a thing!"
Toph says: "Oh no, what a nightmare!"
Sokka says: "Sorry."
They make their way to the surface underneath the drill, where Sokka spots an opening.
Sokka says: "There!"
Aang leaps up to the bar hanging from the opening and, dangling upside-down from his legs, hoists himself and Katara into the drill. He realizes Toph is not following them. Sokka sticks his head out of the drill.
Sokka says: "Toph, come on!"
Toph says: "No way am I going in that metal monster."
Toph says: "I can't bend in there."
Toph says: "I'll try to slow it down out here."
Sokka says: "Okay, good luck!"
Toph earthbends a wedge of rock into the drill, however, it is proving to be a difficult task as it pushes her back. The scene changes to inside the drill where Sokka is leading the others through a tunnel of valves and pipes.
Sokka says: "I need a plan of this machine."
Sokka says: "Some schematics that show what the inside looks like."
Sokka says: "Then we can find its weak points."
Aang says: "Where are we going to get something like that?"
Aang says: "What are you doing?"
Aang says: "Someone's going to hear us!"
Sokka says: "That's the point."
Sokka says: "I figure a machine this big needs engineers to run it."
Sokka says: "And when something breaks..."
Katara says: "They come to fix it!"
Aang and Katara smile at each other. Moments later, an engineer wearing a mask is seen walking down the misty hallway to the site of the damage.
Katara says: "Hi."
She freezes the mist, covering the engineer in a thin layer of ice. Sokka runs up to the frozen engineer and takes his schematics.
Sokka says: "This'll work."
Sokka says: "Thanks!"
The trio runs off, leaving the helpless engineer who drops his spear unintentionally. The scene changes to where Sokka and the others are studying the plans.
Sokka says: "It looks like the drill is made up of two main structures."
Sokka says: "There's the inner mechanism where we are now and the outer shell."
Sokka says: "The inner part and the outer part are connected by these braces."
Sokka says: "If we cut through them, the entire thing will collapse."
Aang and Katara nod in agreement. The scene changes to the train station where Zuko, Iroh and the three Freedom Fighters are awaiting their train. The camera focuses on Zuko and Iroh, who sit in the waiting area. Jet approaches and sits next to Zuko.
Jet says: "So, you guys got plans once you're inside the city?"
Tea seller says: "Get your hot tea here!"
Tea seller says: "Finest tea in Ba Sing Se!"
Iroh says: "Ooh!"
Iroh says: "Jasmine please."
The tea seller pours tea into a leaf cup for Iroh. Iroh sips the tea, but soon grimaces at its repulsive taste.
Iroh says: "Blaugh!"
Iroh says: "Ugh, coldest tea in Ba Sing Se is more like it!"
Iroh says: "What a disgrace!"
Jet says: "Hey, can I talk to you for a second?"
He motions for Zuko to follow him. Zuko sighs and reluctantly rises. The two walk several feet away from Iroh's spot.
Jet says: "You and I have a much better chance of making it in the city if we stick together."
Jet says: "You want to join the Freedom Fighters?"
Zuko says: "Thanks, but I don't think you want me in your gang."
Jet says: "Come on, we made a great team looting that captain's food."
Jet says: "Think of all the good we could do for these refugees."
Zuko says: "I said no."
Jet says: "Have it your way."
He catches sight of Iroh, who is sipping his now steaming hot tea, causing his eyes to widen in shock and realization. Zuko, approaching Iroh, glances over his shoulder at Jet, who narrows his eyes and walks away. Angrily, he knocks the tea cup out of Iroh's hand.
Iroh says: "Hey!"
Zuko says: "What are you doing firebending your tea?"
Zuko says: "For a wise, old man, that was a pretty stupid move!"
Iroh says: "it's just so sad!"
The scene switches to the interior of the drill where Sokka is leading the others through a door onto a massive steal beam.
Sokka says: "Wow, it looks a lot thicker in person than it does in the plans."
Sokka says: "We're going to have to work pretty hard to cut through that."
Katara says: "What's this "we" stuff?"
Katara says: "Aang and I are going to have to do all the work."
Sokka says: "Together, we're Team Avatar!"
Katara and Aang shoot each other awkward looks. The scene cuts to one where the two are positioned on either side of one brace. Using waterbending, they slice through the metal sharply. The shot changes to when the brace is sliced halfway through. Both Katara and Aang are bent over and gasping in exhaustion.
Sokka says: "We're..."
Katara says: "Grrr!"
Katara shoots a menacing glare while pulling out her water whip and threatening to strike him with it. Cut to Sokka, who stands wide-eyed, arms still in air.
Sokka says: "I mean,  you're almost there."
The two resume work slicing the brace. With every lash of the water whip, the cut through the brace enlarges and Sokka grows more and more eager. At last, a cut is made clean through the brace, however, to their disappointment, the brace budges mere inches from its position.
Katara says: "At this rate, we won't do enough damage before the drill reaches the wall."
Aang says: "I don't know how many more of those I have in me."
The drill suddenly creaks.
Sokka says: "Do you hear that?"
Sokka says: "We took it down!"
Sokka says: "We better get out of here fast!"
The trio run for the door, only to halt upon hearing an announcement being made through overhead speaking tubes.
Qin says: "Congratulations, crew."
Qin says: "The drill has made contact with the wall of Ba Sing Se."
Qin says: "Start the countdown to victory!"
Cheers erupt from the crew. The camera cuts to Azula, a threatening look of determination on her face. Aang, Katara and Sokka look at each other in shock and dismay. The camera cuts to a scene of the drill hammering through the wall, sending loose boulders in every direction. The scene changes to one of a stream of a saturated rock and water solution traveling through tubes and making its way through the back entrance of the drill. Cuts to Sokka, who is desperately attempting to move the brace.
Katara says: "This is bad, really bad."
Sokka says: "We're putting everything we've got into busting these braces, but it's taking too long!"
Aang says: "His own weight becomes his downfall, literally."
As Aang is speaking, Sokka kneels over.
Katara says: "So we just need to weaken the braces, instead of cutting all the way through."
Aang says: "Then I'll go to the top of this thing and deliver the final blow."
Sokka says: "And boom!"
Sokka says: "It all comes crashing down!"
Aang says: "Everyone inside that wall."
Aang says: "The whole world is counting on us."
Sokka says: "The whole world minus the Fire Nation that is."
Sokka grins, while the other two simply stare at each other exasperated. The scene cuts to Toph under the drill, putting all her strength into keeping the rock column stable as she is slowly pushed back by the force of the drill.
Toph says: "C'mon, Twinkle Toes, hurry up!"
The scene changes to where Aang and Katara are making rapid progress, slicing through several braces halfway to weaken them.
Aang says: "That's enough!"
Aang says: "We need to get to the next one!"
The scene changes to outside the drill, where earthbenders are sending boulders down at the drill from the wall. The scene changes to the command module where the War Minister receives shocking news from engineers communicating through speaking tubes.
Engineer says: "War Minister, an engineer was ambushed!"
Engineer says: "His schematics were stolen!"
Qin is clearly surprised while Azula narrows her eyes in suspicion.
Second Engineer says: "War Minister, a brace on the starboard side has been cut clean through!"
Second Engineer says: "It's sabotage, sir!"
Azula says: "Let's go, ladies!"
The scene changes to where the trio continues to slice through the braces.
Sokka says: "Good work, Team Avatar!"
Sokka says: "Now Aang just needs to..."
Sokka says: "duck!"
He ducks just in time to evade the blue fire blast sent his way by Azula, who runs out and stands on another brace followed by her friends.
Aang says: "Whoa!"
Ty Lee says: "Wow, Azula, you were right!"
Ty Lee says: "It is the Avatar!"
Ty Lee says: "..."
Ty Lee says: "and friends."
Sokka says: "Hey."
Katara approaches her brother and drags him away, clearly annoyed. Ty Lee swings herself forward toward Aang who quickly airbends her away. The trio escape the scene and race through the drill's hallways. They come to an intersection.
Aang says: "Guys, get out of here."
Aang says: "I know what I need to do."
Katara says: "Wait."
Katara says: "You need this water more than I do!"
Aang catches the water skin and starts running again. Azula and her team reach the intersection.
Azula says: "Follow them!"
Azula says: "The Avatar's mine!"
Mai and Ty Lee begin chasing Katara and Sokka while Azula chases after Aang. Meanwhile, the two siblings have arrived at the end of the hallway where there is a closed hatch.
Katara says: "Slurry pipeline?"
Katara says: "What does that mean?"
Sokka says: "It's rock and water mixed together."
Sokka says: "It means our way out!"
The two begin descending into the pipe when Mai and Ty Lee arrive. They manage to escape into the canal just as a flurry of daggers is sent their way. The camera cuts to a shot of them floating through the slurry. Mai and Ty Lee run over and peer into the pipeline.
Mai says: "Ugh, disgusting!"
Ty Lee says: "C'mon!"
Ty Lee says: "You heard Azula."
Ty Lee says: "We have to follow them!"
Mai says: "She can shoot all the lightning she wants at me."
Mai says: "I am not going in that wall sludge juice."
Ty Lee shrugs and leaps through the pipeline into the slurry. Mai shudders with a final expression of disgust and closes the hatch. The scene cuts to where Aang races past several engineers through the drill. The camera cuts to the rear of the drill where a flood of slurry is continually being released. Katara and Sokka slide through the slurry onto the ground with Ty Lee following them in hot pursuit. Katara uses waterbending to stop the flow of slurry and plug up the back entrance of the drill, thus trapping Ty Lee.
Katara says: "Why don't you try blocking my chi now, circus freak?"
Sokka says: "Katara, keep that up."
Sokka says: "The pressure will build up in the drill."
Sokka says: "Then when Aang delivers the final blow, it'll be ready to pop!"
The scene changes to where Aang and Momo have made their way to the top of the drill.
Aang says: "General Sung, tell your soldiers to stop shooting rocks down here!"
General Sung says: "Soldiers, whatever you do, don't stop shooting rocks down there!"
The soldiers nod and launch another round of rocks toward the drill. Aang leaps out of the way of the oncoming boulders and begins slicing at the hull of the metal using water from Katara's water skin. The scene changes to where Katara continues to hold Ty Lee captive in the slurry.
Sokka says: "Good technique, little sister!"
Sokka says: "Keep it up!"
Sokka says: "Don't forget to breathe!"
Katara says: "You know, I'm just about sick and tired of you telling me what to do all day!"
Katara says: "You're like a chattering hog-monkey!"
Sokka says: "Just bend the slurry, woman!"
Frustrated, Katara bends a wave of slurry into her brother with her free hand, knocking him down into the foul muck.
Toph says: "You guys need some help?"
Katara says: "Toph, help me plug up this drain."
The two cooperate with each other to bend the slurry, sending Ty Lee farther into the drill and causing the pipes to begin to expand under the pressure. The scene cuts to where Aang continues to slice the metal of the drill.
Aang says: "What I'd give to be a metalbender."
Momo suddenly shrieks and Aang deflects a blue fire blast just in time.
Aang says: "Momo, get out of here!"
Azula appears before the Avatar and a battle ensues between the two. Azula shoots fire blasts at Aang, who manages to block them using airbending. She continues the fire attacks only to have each one of her strikes deterred by water whips. She eventually manages to vaporize the water, sending Aang back. The two narrowly dodge the several boulders that are hurtled toward them at that moment. Aang uses earthbending and airbending to send rocks at Azula, who manages to avoid them all. Azula sends another powerful firebending assault that slams Aang into the Outer Wall of Ba Sing Se, leaving him unconscious.
The camera view briefly changes to where the front of the drill is seen having completely dug its way through the Outer Wall. Camera changes to Azula as she walks over to him with fire in her right hand, preparing to deal a deadly final strike, but Aang awakens and sends her skidding back using an earthbending gauntlet. A flood of slurry is released as the drill bores deeper into the wall, coating the two. Azula slides toward a helpless Aang, attempting to halt herself by windmilling only to collide with him. The force of the collision sends both sliding off opposite sides of the drill. Azula is able to stop her descent by grinding her feet into the drill's side while Momo drags Aang up to the top with the help of Aang's airbending.
Aang says: "Thanks, Momo."
Aang says: "I owe you one."
Aang says: "Actually, that is what I need for once."
He uses airbending to position the boulder over the X mark in the drill. Using earthbending, he cuts the rock several times, creating a wedge that fits inside the middle of the hole. He begins sprinting toward the wall, scales up its side by riding an air scooter and, once he arrives at his highest point, rockets at lightning speed toward the bottom. As he propels himself downward, Azula catches sight of him and fires at him. She misses by mere seconds and is sent back forcefully as Aang leaps and slams down on the wedge, creating a large ripple effect. The impact of the blow causes the sliced braces inside the drill to collapse and the pipes to burst, releasing a torrent of slurry. Slurry begins to seep from the drill. The scene cuts to Katara and Toph, who remain in their bending stances.
Sokka says: "Woohoo!"
Toph says: "Here it comes!"
She earthbends Katara, Sokka, and herself onto a rock pillar to avoid the flood of slurry. Slurry gushes from the rear of the drill, and Ty Lee slams into the wall of the rock pillar as she is forcefully pushed forward by the flood. The drill begins to release steam and its segments begin to collapse. On the other side of the wall, the drill is seen coming to a halt.
The camera zooms out on the destroyed drill. The scene cuts to Aang covered in slurry, Momo licking him as he wipes it away near his face, a huge smile spread across his face. Cut to War Minister Qin, who stares at the slurry from inside the command module, completely shocked. Cuts to General Sung atop the Outer Wall, covered in the muck. Cuts to Ty Lee as she attempts to clear away the mess. Cut to shot of Azula, skidding down the drill also covered in slurry. She lands by Ty Lee, causing the acrobat to be covered in slurry once again. A hatch opens, revealing Mai, who is completely clean.
Mai says: "We lost."
The scene changes to the train station.
Train conductor says: "Last call for Ba Sing Se!"
Scene shifts to Jet, who is storming toward the train, Longshot and Smellerbee following close behind.
Smellerbee says: "Jet, relax."
Smellerbee says: "So the old guy had some hot tea."
Smellerbee says: "Big deal."
Jet says: "He heated it himself!"
Jet says: "Those guys are firebenders!"
Iroh and Zuko board the train, Jet and his groups eying them. Iroh and Zuko seat themselves next to Than and his family. Iroh notices Hope.
Iroh says: "What a handsome baby."
Ying says: "Thank you."
Camera closes up on Hope, who is sleeping. Scene cuts to outside where two earthbenders begin moving the train out of the station. Scene changes to Team Avatar standing at the top of the wall, overlooking the sunset.
Sokka says: "I just want to say, good effort out there today, Team Avatar!"
Katara says: "Enough with the Team Avatar stuff."
Katara says: "No matter how many times you say it, it's not going to catch on."
Sokka says: "How about..."
Sokka says: "the Boomeraang Squad!"
Sokka says: "See it's good because it's got "Aang" in it."
Sokka says: "Boomeraang."
Aang says: "I kind of like that one."
Katara says: "Let's talk about this on our way into the city."
Sokka says: "The Aang Gang?"
Katara says: "Sokka..."
Sokka says: "The Fearsome Foursome?"
Toph says: "You're crazy."
Sokka says: "Why?"
Sokka says: "We're fearsome!"
He runs after them.
Fades to credits.