The episode opens with a shot of the sky from the Western Air Temple, and the camera pans below to Zuko and Aang standing on the balcony of an upside down pagoda in the temple.
Zuko says: "I know you're nervous, but remember, firebending in it of itself is not something to fear."
Aang says: "Okay."
Aang says: "Not something to fear."
Zuko says: "it'll chew you up and spit you out like an angry komodo rhino!"
Cut to Aang's face, as he yelps in fear, before cutting back to Zuko.
Zuko says: "Now show me what you've got."
Zuko says: "Any amount of fire you can make."
Cut to Aang, as he inhales nervously and tries to firebend. Cut to a close-up of his palm, as a small cloud of smoke appears, and is dissipated. Camera pans left to Aang.
Aang says: "Maybe I need a little more instruction."
Aang says: "Perhaps a demonstration?"
Zuko says: "Good idea."
Zuko says: "You might wanna take a couple steps back."
Aang walks back, and shot cuts to a close-up of Zuko's face, as he inhales deeply. Screen zooms back to show Zuko grunting, and cuts to his fist, which lets out a very small flame. Aang applauds at this display.
Zuko says: "What was that?"
Zuko says: "That was the worst firebending I've ever seen!"
Zuko grunts again and tries firebending again, with all three attempts resulting in very small flames similar to the first. He grunts and looks at his palms.
Zuko says: "Why is this happening?"
Aang says: "Maybe it's the altitude."
Zuko says: "Yeah, could be."
Scene changes to some pagodas and pans below to Aang sitting on a broken pillar and Zuko standing. Zuko attempts firebending, which results in a similar small flame again. He grunts and delivers another similar blast, as Aang yawns and lies down on the pillar.
Zuko says: "Just breathe, and..."
Aang says: "That one kind of felt hot."
Zuko says: "Don't patronize me!"
Zuko says: "You know what it's supposed to look like!"
Aang says: "Sorry, Sifu Hotman."
Zuko says: "And stop calling me that!"
Shot cuts to Sokka walking toward the teacher and his pupil, eating an apple. Sokka sits down near the two, as they turn their heads toward him.
Sokka says: "Hey, jerks!"
Sokka says: "Mind if I watch you two jerks do your jerkbending?"
Sokka says: "Okay, take it easy."
Scene changes to an aerial shot of Appa resting near a fountain at night, and zooms to show him eating a small bale of hay. Screen pans to the right to show Zuko leaning on a column with his arms crossed, looking below and thinking deeply. He turns his head to the campfire where everyone is settled for dinner, and walks toward them.
Zuko says: "Listen everybody, I've got some pretty bad news."
Zuko says: "I've lost my stuff."
Toph says: "I didn't touch your stuff."
Zuko says: "I'm talking about my firebending."
Zuko says: "It's gone."
Cut to Sokka, Haru, The Duke, and Teo looking at him, as the former Freedom Fighter sits up. Camera pans left, as Katara laughs, and everyone's attention is focused on her. Zuko looks at the waterbender with an annoyed expression.
Katara says: "I'm sorry."
Katara says: "I'm just laughing at the irony."
Katara says: "You know, how it would've been nice for us if you lost your firebending a long time ago."
Zuko says: "Well, it's not lost."
Zuko says: "It's just..."
Zuko says: "weaker for some reason."
Katara says: "Maybe you're not as good as you think you are."
Zuko says: "I bet it's because I changed sides."
Aang says: "I don't know."
Aang says: "Maybe it isn't."
Aang says: "Maybe your firebending comes from rage and you just don't have enough anger to fuel it the way you used to."
Sokka says: "Sooo, all we need to do is make Zuko angry."
Sokka says: "Easy enough."
Sokka pokes Zuko with his sword's hilt in the head and waist several times, laughing.
Zuko says: "Okay, cut it out!"
Zuko says: "Look, even if you're right, I don't want to rely on hate and anger anymore."
Zuko says: "There has to be another way."
Sokka says: "How's he supposed to do that‌?"
Sokka says: "By jumping into a volcano‌?"
Toph says: "No."
Toph says: "Zuko needs to go back to whatever the original source of firebending is."
Sokka says: "So, is it jumping into a volcano?"
Toph says: "I don't know."
Toph says: "For earthbending, the original benders were badgermoles."
Scene changes to a cave in a flashback as a younger Toph wearing a gown is kneeling down, and crying, as screen zooms out.
Toph says: "One day, when I was little, I ran away and hid in a cave."
Cut to the younger Toph's face, as she is startled by a rumbling noise, and part of the cave's wall breaks. Shot cuts to behind Toph to show one of a badgermole's legs.
Toph says: "That's where I met them."
Toph cringes in fear, and the badgermole comes into the screen near Toph and sniffs her. Toph sniffs back and the badgermole licks her cheek, causing her to giggle in delight. She touches the badgermole's snout with both hands before licking it, and giggles again.
Toph says: "They were blind, just like me."
Screen fades from the younger Toph's face back to the present Toph's smiling face.
Aang says: "That's amazing, Toph!"
Aang says: "Maybe you can give me a lesson sometime, buddy."
Appa growls from the shed.
Zuko says: "Well, this doesn't help me."
Zuko says: "The original firebenders were the dragons, and they're extinct."
Aang says: "What do you mean‌?"
Aang says: "Roku had a dragon, and there were plenty of dragons when I was a kid."
Zuko says: "Well, they aren't around anymore, okay?"
Aang says: "Okay, okay."
Aang says: "I'm sorry."
Zuko says: "But maybe there's another way."
Zuko says: "The first people to learn from the dragons were the ancient Sun Warriors."
Aang says: "Sun Warriors?"
Aang says: "Well, I know they weren't around when I was a kid."
Zuko says: "Maybe we can learn something by poking around their ruins."
Aang says: "It's like the monks used to tell me."
Aang says: "Sometimes, the shadows of the past can be felt by the present."
Sokka says: "So, what?"
Sokka says: "where they stood a thousand years ago?"
Scene changes to Aang and Zuko flying on Appa over an ocean. Cut to a bored Zuko.
Zuko says: "We've been riding for hours."
Zuko says: "I don't know why, but I thought this thing would be a lot faster."
Cut to Appa from below, as he growls.
Aang says: "Appa's right, Zuko."
Aang says: "In our group, typically we start our missions with a more up-beat attitude."
Aang says: "Don't worry, you'll get the hang of it."
Scene changes to an aerial shot of the ocean, as the screen pans above to an aerial shot of an island. Scene changes to an aerial shot of Appa descending to land on some ruins. The ruins make Aang and Zuko full of awe.
Aang says: "Whoa!"
Zuko says: "Whoa!"
Cut to Appa landing from the side. Shot cuts to show some mountains and pans below to an aerial shot of Aang and Zuko walking through the ruins.
Zuko says: "Even though these buildings are ancient, there's something eerily familiar about them."
Zuko says: "I can tell the Fire Sages' temples are somehow descended from these."
Aang says: "Hopefully, we'll learn something about firebending too."
Aang says: "The past can be a great teacher."
Cut to a tripwire, which is pulled when Aang walks by. He trips and yelps, as an overhead shot shows a small portion of the path in front of him going down and some spikes coming up from holes. Aang nearly falls on the spikes but blows a blast of air from his mouth which thrusts him up, and somersaults on to the other side, as he managed to regain balance.
Aang says: "Zuko, I think the past is trying to kill me."
Zuko says: "This booby trap must be centuries old and it still works."
Aang says: "There's probably a lot more."
Aang says: "Maybe this means we shouldn't be here."
Zuko takes two steps back and runs toward the wall adjoining the path. He runs on the wall before jumping on the other side of the spikes.
Zuko says: "Besides, people don't make traps unless they've got something worth protecting."
Cut to Zuko and Aang coming onto the building from stairs.
Aang says: "Look, this seems promising."
Aang says: "Though I'm not sure what this tells us about the original source of firebending."
Zuko says: "They look pretty angry to me."
Aang says: "I thought the dragons were friends with the Sun Warriors."
Zuko says: "Well, they had a funny way of showing it."
Cut back to the both from the side, as Zuko looks down for a moment and starts walking, with Aang looking.
Aang says: "Zuko,  Something you're not telling me."
Zuko says: "My great-grandfather Sozin happened."
Zuko walks away with Aang following him. Scene changes to the two walking on a bridge.
Zuko says: "He started the tradition of hunting dragons for glory."
Zuko says: "There were the ultimate firebenders."
Zuko says: "by my uncle."
Aang says: "But I thought your uncle was..."
Aang says: "I don't know, good?"
Zuko says: "He had a complicated past."
Zuko says: "Family tradition, I guess."
Zuko says: "Let's just move on."
Zuko starts walking as shot cuts to an overhead shot of him walking away, with Aang running to catch up to him. Scene changes to a vertical column with a sunstone in the center, as Zuko and Aang walk past it. Screen pans above to show a wall with two gates, with the both walking toward them. As the both come closer, Zuko stops walking, and Aang runs to the gates, drops his staff, and unsuccessfully tries opening the gates.
Aang says: "It's locked up!"
Zuko rubs his head, and looks behind, before quickly going aside to show the sunstone from the column in front of the gates beaming light.
Zuko says: "Wait."
Zuko says: "On the solstice."
Aang says: "Monkeyfeathers!"
Aang says: "The solstice again?"
Aang says: "We can't wait here that long."
Zuko says: "Let's see if we can outsmart the sunstone."
Cut to the side of the gate as the light being reflected by Zuko's sword moves to the other sunstone on top of the gates. Screen pans below to show Aang looking at it.
Aang says: "Nothing's happening."
Zuko says: "Come on..."
Cut to a close-up of the sunstone as the ground starts shaking. Cut to inside the room as the gates are opened and the shaking stops.
Aang says: "You're pretty smart."
Zuko smiles at Aang's compliment, before realizing what Aang actually said. Aang walks inside the dark room and looks around it. He narrows his eyes, as the shot cuts to show a statue of a man with an angry expression. Cut back to Aang, who gasps.
Zuko says: "Relax."
Zuko says: "They're just statues."
Cut to a shot of two statues from behind Aang and Zuko. Cut to an aerial shot of the room to show many statues lined up in a circle as they both walk into it. Aang walks up to a statue and reads something on it.
Aang says: "It says this is something called the Dancing Dragon."
Aang places his staff to lean on the statue. Cut to a shot of the statue from behind Aang to show him taking the same posture the statue is in. Cut to his leg, which presses a button on the ground. Aang comes out of the posture and examines the button. He looks around at all the statues, runs toward Zuko, catches him by the hand, and pulls him.
Aang says: "Zuko, get over here!"
Aang says: "I want you to dance with me!"
Zuko says: "What?"
Aang says: "Just do it."
Aang pulls him to a side, as shot cuts to the both standing in front of two statues that are to the sides of the path that leads into the circle, as Zuko groans.
Aang says: "Let's follow the steps of the statues."
Aang says: "I think this is some kind of Sun Warrior firebending form."
Zuko says: "This better teach us some really good firebending."
Cut to Aang, as he does the same moves as Zuko. Cut to two statues with their waists bent toward each other, and their arms in the direction of each other. Zuko and Aang perform the same move. Cut to a part of the ground detracting and a vertical column emerging from it, as the both look behind at it. Cut to a close-up of the yellow, egg-shaped sunstone on the column. Cut to an aerial shot of Zuko and Aang standing in front of the column as Aang raises his arms in triumph.
Aang says: "Hurray!"
Aang says: "Wait, what exactly is that?"
Zuko says: "It's some kind of mystical gemstone."
Zuko says: "Why not?"
Aang says: "Remember what happened out there with those spikes?"
Aang says: "I'm just very suspicious of giant glowing gems sitting on pedestals."
Zuko ignores the Avatar and picks the sunstone, as Aang's eyes twitch.
Zuko says: "It feels almost alive."
He tries to put the sunstone back but yells in surprise as a geyser of viscous slime erupts out from the pedestal and pushes Zuko toward the grates in the ceiling, sticking him there.
Aang says: "Oh no, it's another trap!"
Cut to an overhead shot of the column as more viscous slime comes from it, causing Aang to walk back. Cut to Zuko who is stuck to the grates and unsuccessfully struggles to break free.
Zuko says: "Ugh, I can't pull free."
Zuko says: "It's like some kind of glue."
Cut to Aang, as he jumps across the slime and grabs his staff on the other side of the room. He climbs on a statue's head, jumps onto another of the statues' head and airbends a gust of wind toward Zuko, due to which Zuko is pushed from his back to his front. Cut to an aerial shot to show that the slime is rising and the screen zooms to show Aang is still on the statue's head. His staff gets stuck in the slime and he is not successful in pulling it out. He jumps up toward the grates, as the slime engulfs the room.
Aang says: "I can't move!"
Aang says: "Zuko, do something!"
Zuko says: "Me?"
Zuko says: "I can't move either!"
Cut to a shot of the entire room being filled by the slime. Cut to the other side of the grates as they groan due to the slime pushing them against the grates. The slime stops.
Aang says: "It stopped."
Zuko says: "At least we have air."
Zuko says: "Maybe if we stay calm, we can figure a way out of this."
Cut to an aerial shot of the two being stuck to the grates, as screen zooms out slowly. Screen fades to the building at night, and cuts to the two still stuck to the grates.
Aang says: "You had to pick up the glowing egg, didn't you?"
Zuko says: "At least I made something happen."
Zuko says: "If it were up to you, we'd never have made it past the courtyard."
Aang says: "Help!"
Zuko says: "Who are you yelling to?"
Zuko says: "Nobody's lived here for centuries."
Aang says: "Well, what do you think we should do?"
Zuko says: "Think about our place in the universe‌?"
Cut to the grates from the side, as Aang sighs, and a foot wearing a sandal steps near it.
Sun Warrior chief says: "Who is down there?"
Cut to both boys bearing shocked expressions. Cut to a shot of the building, before cutting to Zuko and Aang as the slime is removed by aardvark sloths on either side of them. Shot cuts to an aerial shot to show the two surrounded by men and women who are in circles.
Sun Warrior chief says: "For trying to take our sunstone, you must be severely punished!"
Zuko says: "We didn't come here to take your sunstone."
Zuko says: "We came here to find the ancient origin of all firebending."
Cut to an aerial shot of the people, as Ham Ghao steps forward.
Ham Ghao says: "Yeah, right."
Ham Ghao says: "They are obviously thieves,  here to steal Sun Warrior treasures."
Aang says: "Please, I don't normally play this card, but..."
Aang says: "Just hear us out."
Zuko says: "Please, teach us."
Sun Warrior chief says: "If you wish to learn the ways of the Sun, you must learn them from the masters, Ran and Shaw."
Aang says: "Ran and Shaw?"
Aang says: "There are two of them?"
Sun Warrior chief says: "If they don't, you'll be destroyed on the spot."
The chief walks back, and Aang and Zuko look at each other. Scene changes to a building on the next day. Screen zooms to the top of the building.
Sun Warrior chief says: "If you're going to see the masters,  We have kept it going for thousands of years."
Zuko says: "I don't believe it."
Sun Warrior chief says: "You will each take a piece of it to the masters, to show your commitment to the sacred art of firebending."
Aang says: "Couldn't my friend here carry my fire for me?"
Sun Warrior chief says: "Make it too big, and you might lose control."
Zuko stares at the flame and brings his arms forward to take the flame. He looks at Aang, as shot cuts to the chief offering Aang the flame from the side.
Aang says: "I'm sorry, I'm just a little nervous."
Aang says: "It's like a little heartbeat."
Sun Warrior chief says: "The cave of the masters is beneath that rock."
Screen changes to Aang and Zuko walking through a steep forest, before changing to the steep surface. Cut to Zuko, who has reached the top of the steepness, turning back to look at Aang who is lagging behind.
Zuko says: "Hurry up."
Aang says: "I can't."
Zuko says: "Your flame's  because it's too small."
Zuko says: "You're too timid, give it more juice."
Aang says: "But what if I can't control it?"
Zuko says: "You're a talented kid."
Aang smiles at the compliment and climbs up another rock, reaching the top. Zuko starts walking and Aang follows him. Screen pans above to the top of the mountain. Scene changes to Zuko and Aang as the reach the top of the mountain, and see that warriors are already there, with the Sun Warrior chief, Ham Ghao, and another Sun Warrior standing. Screen zooms out to show two vertical rocks with a bridge in the center.
Sun Warrior chief says: "The masters might not be so happy to see you."
Ham Ghao says: "I know I wouldn't be."
Aang says: "But once they find out I'm the Avatar..."
Cut to an overhead shot of the chief rooting his staff on the ground. The other two Sun Warriors get into a kneeling position and the chief walks toward Zuko and Aang, takes a small portion of their flames and gives the flames to both of the Sun Warriors, who go to each of the sides. The chief turns back and walks. Cut to some Sun Warriors standing and sitting, alternately, as the two Warriors standing create a circle made of fire. Cut to Aang and Zuko watching the chief walk.
Zuko says: "No, we're seeing this through to the end."
Zuko says: "We're gonna meet these masters and find out  what's so great about them."
Aang says: "What if they judge us, and attack us?"
Cut to Aang, who nods uneasily. Cut to the entire courtyard to show that all alternate Sun Warriors have made their fire circles. Zuko turns toward the Sun Warrior chief.
Zuko says: "Bring 'em out!"
Sun Warrior chief says: "Chanters!"
Cut to an aerial shot of the courtyard as the chanters play the music. Cut to the Sun Warriors, who are sitting down, beating their drums in a synchronized rhythm. Cut to the other Sun Warriors holding the fire circle in their crouched positions. Cut to the Warriors, as Zuko and Aang walk toward the stairs. Cut to the other side of the circle to show the Warriors alternatively rising and bowing. Cut to an overhead shot of the two nearing the steps. Cut to a shot of the stairs as screen slowly pans below. Cut to the chief and the other two Warriors, as they step aside to let Zuko and Aang pass.
Zuko and Aang look at each other and take a deep breath before climbing. Cut to the warriors, who are still beating the drums and holding the fire circle. Cut to Zuko and Aang climbing the steps. Aang looks back, but continues forward. Shot cuts to them climbing from the side, before cutting to the chief and the two warriors beside him looking at them, with the screen zooming out. Cut to Zuko and Aang, who reach the top as the setting sun shines at them. The music stops playing as soon as they reach the top. Both of them look at the caves on each side of the bridge.
Sun Warrior says: "Those who wish to meet the masters, Ran and Shaw, will now present their fire."
Aang and Zuko turn toward the caves and bow down with their hands stretched toward the caves. Screen zooms out to show them in this posture.
Sun Warrior chief says: "Sound the call!"
A warrior takes a deep breath and blows a horn. The sound from the horn sends a flock of birds scattering. The cave Aang is facing rumbles, causing him to tremble. Aang accidentally places his hand down, extinguishing his flame.
Aang says: "What's happening‌?"
Aang says: "Zuko, my fire went out."
Zuko says: "What do you want me to do‌?"
Aang says: "Give me some of yours."
Zuko says: "No, just make your own."
Zuko says: "Stop cheating off me!"
The chief and Ham Ghao look at each other.
Aang says: "Quit being stingy!"
Shot cuts to Aang trying to reach for Zuko's flame; he is unable to do so as Zuko raises his hand high up in the air. Aang continues his attempt to get Zuko's flame but Zuko stretches his arms away. Aang pulls Zuko's arm down, extinguishing the flame. They both look at each other. Cut to the two from inside the caves as the ground rumbles. Cut to the two with a worried expression. They turn to look at the other cave as screen zooms in to the cave.
Aang says: "Uh oh."
Two eyes glow inside a cave and a red dragon comes out, roaring, circling around the bridge. Cut to the boys, who take a step back. Cut to Zuko, who looks at the dragon. Cut to a blue dragon coming out of the other cave. It joins the other dragon as they circle the bridge.
Zuko says: "These are the masters."
Aang says: "Still think we can take 'em?"
Zuko says: "Sshh."
Zuko says: "I never said that."
Cut to the dragons circling the bridge from below. Screen pans down to the warriors as they bow down. Cut to Ham Ghao and the chief.
Ham Ghao says: "Oh, here it comes."
Ham Ghao says: "Any moment now."
Ham Ghao says: "Dinner for the masters."
Sun Warrior chief says: "Quiet, Ham Ghao!"
Ham Ghao says: "What?"
Ham Ghao says: "Everyone's thinking it."
Cut to the bridge where the dragons are still flying around the bridge. Cut to Aang, who looks at them flying.
Aang says: "Zuko, I think we're supposed to do the Dragon Dance with them."
Zuko says: "What‌?"
Zuko says: "What about this situation makes you think they want us to dance‌?"
Aang says: "Well, I think they want us to do something."
Aang says: "Let's just try it."
Zuko says: "Fine."
Aang and Zuko get into the first posture of the Dancing Dragon and change their postures to the next. Cut to Aang spreading his arms out as the blue dragon flies behind him following the shape of his arms. Aang turns his arms to his side as the dragon turns as well. Screen zooms out to show the dragons performing the same movements as each other. Cut to Zuko, who pushes his hand up as the red dragon behind him goes up as well. Zuko dips and the dragon dives down accordingly. Cut to the dragons flying above the bridge as screen pans below to show the two performing the Dancing Dragon. Cut to them performing the final move. They look to either side as shot cuts to show that the dragons have stopped moving and are hovering on either side of the bridge.
Sun Warrior chief says: "Judgment time."
Cut to the blue dragon which stares at Zuko, as Aang trembles. Zuko looks at it, with his mouth wide open. Cut to Aang trembles, as shot cuts to the two dragons sitting, with their legs at the bottom of the bridge. Cut to the red dragon as it breathes fire at the two. Cut to the blue dragon doing the same. Cut to Zuko and Aang yelling and covering their faces as they are engulfed by a multi-colored flame vortex. Cut to the top of the vortex from inside it. It slowly pans down to the boys who look at it, shocked. Cut to the bridge as the dragons continue breathing fire. Screen pans above to the flame vortex. Cut to the inside of the vortex and the two stare at the scene in awe. Cut to Aang's eyes.
Aang says: "Wow."
Zuko says: "I understand."
The vortex slowly dissipates and the dragons curl their bodies, fly up, circle one time and go into their caves. Cut to the boys who still remain on the bridge. Cut to an annoyed Ham Ghao, before cutting to one of the warriors holding the circle of fire as he moves his arm in a circle, and extinguishes the flame and ending his hands in a position. Cut to an aerial shot of Zuko and Aang descending from the steps.
Zuko says: "Their fire was beautiful."
Zuko says: "I saw so many colors, colors I've never imagined."
Aang says: "Like firebending harmony."
Sun Warrior chief says: "Yes."
Sun Warrior chief says: "They judged you, and gave you visions of the meaning of firebending."
Zuko says: "I can't believe there are still living dragons."
Zuko says: "My uncle Iroh said he faced the last dragon and killed it."
Aang says: "So your uncle lied."
Sun Warrior chief says: "They deemed him worthy and passed the secret onto him as well."
Zuko says: "He must have lied to protect them, so no one else would hunt them."
Zuko says: "Yeah."
Zuko says: "It's like the Sun,  but inside of you."
Zuko says: "Do you guys realize this?"
Sun Warrior chief says: "Well, our civilization is called the Sun Warriors..."
Sun Warrior chief says: "so yeah."
Zuko says: "That's why my firebending was so weak before."
Zuko says: "Because for so many years, hunting you  I have to help you defeat my father and restore balance to the world."
Zuko delivers two fire blasts more powerful than in the Western Air Temple. Aang also bends a similar blast. Cut to Aang's face, as he grins at his success. Cut to both of them, who walk toward each other, smiling.
Sun Warrior chief says: "But seriously, don't tell anyone!"
Scene changes to the upside-down pagodas in the Western Air Temple.
Aang says: "With this technique the dragons showed us, Zuko and I will be unstoppable."
The two get into their final postures and Team Avatar applauds.
Sokka says: "Yeah, that's a great dance you two learned there."
Zuko says: "It's not a dance."
Zuko says: "It's a firebending form."
Sokka says: "We'll just tap-dance our way to victory over the Fire Lord."
Zuko says: "It's a sacred form that happens to be thousands of years old!"
Katara says: "Oh, yeah‌?"
Katara says: "What's your little form called‌?"
Zuko says: "The Dancing Dragon."
Team Avatar laughs, and the shot cuts to Zuko who shuts his eyes and cringes in embarrassment. Fade to credits.