The episode opens in a forest. Momo is chasing a bug through the trees. In his pursuit he lands on the ground to see a neatly stacked pile of lychee nuts. When he runs toward it, Momo is pulled into the air by a cage trap, joining two other caged animals. Camera changes focus to find the rest of Team Avatar camping.
Aang says: "Where's Momo?"
Camera fades to find Aang as he spots the three animals in their cage traps hanging by rope on tree limbs.
Aang says: "Hang on, Momo!"
Sokka says: "This is gonna take forever."
Aang says: "That works."
The hog monkeys run up the tree and out of the camera's view and Aang jumps back down, dirt flying from the ground as he lands. Everyone gathers around two of the traps and Sokka kneels down to examine them.
Sokka says: "These are Fire Nation traps,  you can tell from the metalwork."
Sokka says: "We better pack up camp, and get moving."
They gather their things and begin to pack them onto Appa's saddle.
Sokka says: "Uh uh."
Sokka says: "No flying this time."
Aang says: "What?"
Aang says: "Why wouldn't we fly?"
Sokka says: "Think about it: Somehow Prince Zuko and the Fire Nation keep finding us."
Sokka says: "It's because they spot Appa, he's just too noticeable."
Katara says: "What?"
Katara says: "Appa's not too noticeable!"
Aang says: "Sokka's just jealous 'cause he doesn't have an arrow."
Sokka says: "I know you all wanna fly, but my instincts tell me we should play it safe this time and walk."
Katara says: "Who made you the boss?"
Sokka says: "I'm not the boss, I'm the leader."
Katara says: "You're the leader?"
Katara says: "But your voice still cracks!"
Sokka says: "I'm the leader!"
Sokka says: "Are you kidding, he's just a goofy kid!"
Aang says: "He's right."
Katara says: "Why do boys always think someone has to be the leader?"
Katara says: "I bet you wouldn't be so bossy if you kissed a girl."
Sokka says: "I've kissed a girl, you just haven't met her."
Katara says: "Who?"
Katara says: "Gran-Gran?"
Katara says: "I've met Gran-Gran."
Sokka says: "No!"
Sokka says: "Besides Gran-Gran."
Sokka says: "Look, my instincts tell me we have a better chance of slipping through on foot, and a leader has to trust his instincts."
Katara says: "Okay, we'll try it your way, oh wise leader."
Aang says: "Walking stinks!"
Aang says: "How do people go anywhere without a flying bison?"
Katara says: "Well I don't know, Aang."
Katara says: "Why don't you ask Sokka's instincts?"
Katara says: "They seem to know everything."
Sokka says: "Ha, ha, very funny."
Aang says: "I'm tired of carrying this pack."
Katara says: "You know who you should ask to carry it for a while?"
Katara says: "Sokka's instincts."
Aang says: "That's a great idea."
Sokka says: "Okay, okay, I get it."
Sokka says: "Look guys, I'm tired too."
Sokka says: "But the important thing is that we're safe from the  Fire..."
Sokka says: "Nation."
Sokka sees a Fire Nation campsite with a lot of soldiers; most of them are seated or crouched near the fire with bowls in hand and a couple of them sit close to the tents, which have the Fire Nation emblem on the doorflap. One of these soldiers has a patch over his left eye. They all notice the group and get up.
Sokka says: "Run!"
Sokka says: "We're cut off!"
Aang says: "Sokka, your shirt!"
Sokka says: "If you let us pass, we promise not to hurt you."
Katara says: "What are you doing?"
Sokka says: "Bluffing?"
Eye-patch soldier says: "You promise not to hurt us?"
Aang says: "Nice work, Sokka!"
Aang says: "How'd you do that?"
Sokka says: "Uh, instinct?"
Katara says: "Look!"
In a tree, a man with hook swords, Jet, jumps and takes down two soldiers. He runs forward and takes down two more using his hook swords.
Jet says: "Down you go."
Another soldier charges at Jet, but he is defeated.
Fire Nation soldier says: "They're in the trees!"
A young boy lands on top of the soldier and turns his helmet around to blind him, before riding him around while laughing. Another boy launches arrows at the soldiers while more boys come out of the trees. Aang and Katara are shown fighting the soldiers. Sokka holds up his boomerang and yells as one approaches him, but stops when Jet takes him down first.
Sokka says: "Hey, he was mine!"
Jet says: "Gotta be quicker next time."
Sokka looks dismayed and the camera cuts to show a huge boy fall out of the trees and easily take down two soldiers as Jet skillfully takes down one more, causing this soldier's weapon to hit another soldier, who was going to battle Sokka, in the head, making that soldier also fall down.
Sokka says: "Man!"
Jet disarms another soldier and runs up to Katara.
Jet says: "Hey."
Katara says: "Hi."
They look around to see a now empty camp says: "Aang:  You just took out a whole army almost single-handed."
Sokka says: "Army?"
Sokka says: "There were only like, twenty guys."
Jet says: "My name is Jet, and these are my Freedom Fighters, Sneers, Longshot, Smellerbee, The Duke, and Pipsqueak."
Pipsqueak says: "You think my name is funny?"
Aang says: "It's hilarious!"
Facial shot of Pipsqueak, still looming forward with a frown on his face. He suddenly starts laughing. The camera moves back, showing Aang and The Duke following suit. Pipsqueak pats the Avatar on the back in a friendly manner, though the hit was hard enough to knock Aang flat on the ground. The Duke stops laughing and looks down at Aang sprawled on the ground before his feet, face flat in the dirt, though when Aang raises his head and continues laughing, so does The Duke.
The scene fades to the Fire Nation camp, and the camera cuts to show the Freedom Fighters raiding the empty camp.
Katara says: "Umm, thanks for saving us Jet."
Katara says: "We're lucky you were there."
Jet says: "I should be thanking you."
Jet says: "We were waiting to ambush those soldiers all morning, we just needed the right distraction, and then you guys stumbled in."
Katara says: "We were relying on instincts."
Jet says: "You'll get yourself killed doing that."
Sokka looks at them disdainfully as The Duke and Pipsqueak look through the barrels.
The Duke says: "Hey Jet, these barrels are filled of blasting jelly."
Jet says: "That's a great score."
Pipsqueak says: "And these boxes are filled with jelly candy!"
Jet says: "Also good, let's not get those mixed up."
The Duke says: "We'll take this stuff back to the hideout."
Aang says: "You guys have a hideout?"
Jet says: "You wanna see it?"
Katara says: "Yes, we wanna see it!"
Jet smiles at her and the camera fades to show them standing on the forest floor.
Jet says: "We're here."
Sokka says: "Where?"
Sokka says: "There's nothing here."
Jet says: "Hold this."
Jet says: "Aang?"
Aang says: "I'll get up on my own."
Jet says: "Grab hold of me, Katara."
Katara blushes as she takes his hand and they rise up through the tree together in a romantic setting. They come to a landing on a wooden platform in the trees. Once up there, Aang is seen zip lining through the trees.
Aang says: "Nice place you got!"
Katara says: "It's beautiful up here!"
Jet says: "It's beautiful..."
Jet says: "and more importantly the Fire Nation can't find us."
Smellerbee says: "They would love to find you."
Smellerbee says: "Wouldn't they, Jet?"
Jet says: "It's not gonna happen, Smellerbee."
Katara says: "Why does the Fire Nation want to find you?"
Jet says: "I guess you could say I've been causing them a little trouble."
Jet says: "See, they took over a nearby Earth Kingdom town a few years back."
Pipsqueak says: "We've been ambushin' their troops, cutting off their supply lines, and doing anything we can to mess with 'em."
Jet says: "One day, we'll drive the Fire Nation out of here for good and free that town."
Katara says: "That's so brave."
Sokka says: "Yeah, nothing's braver than a guy in a tree house."
Katara says: "Don't pay any attention to my brother."
Jet says: "No problem."
Jet says: "He probably had a rough day."
Katara says: "So, you all live here?"
Jet says: "That's right."
Jet says: "Longshot over there?"
Jet says: "His town got burned down by the Fire Nation."
Jet says: "And we found The Duke trying to steal our food."
Jet says: "I don't think he ever really had a home."
Katara says: "What about you?"
Jet says: "The Fire Nation killed my parents."
Jet says: "I was only eight years old."
Jet says: "That day changed me forever."
Katara says: "Sokka and I lost our mother to the Fire Nation."
Jet says: "I'm so sorry, Katara."
The screen fades from the two of them alone on the suspension bridge to the blue sky above the canopy. A cloud of cawing birds is disturbed as Appa raises his head with a roar. In the hideout, ropes with lanterns hang between branches. Sentries keep watch on several upper platforms while the group sits at a banquet table. While the group eats, Jet stands on the table.
Jet says: "Today, we struck another blow against the Fire Nation swine."
Katara says: "Hey Jet, nice speech."
Jet says: "Thanks."
Jet says: "By the way, I was really impressed with you and Aang."
Jet says: "That was some great bending I saw out there today."
Katara says: "Well, he's great."
Katara says: "He's the Avatar."
Katara says: "I could use some more training."
Jet says: "Avatar huh?"
Jet says: "Very nice."
Aang says: "Thanks Jet."
Jet says: "So I might know a way that you and Aang can help in our struggle."
Sokka says: "Unfortunately, we have to leave tonight."
Jet says: "Sokka, you're kidding me!"
Jet says: "I needed you on an important mission tomorrow."
Sokka says: "What mission?"
The scene changes to the top of the forest the next day. Jet says: "Jet: What are you doing?"
Sokka are in branches of the same tree. Jet cups his hands says: "Jet: What are you doing?"
makes a birdcall; several trees down Pipsqueak says: "Jet: What are you doing?"
Smellerbee step into view from their branches. They reply with another birdcall. Sokka jams his jawbone knife into the trunk of the tree says: "Jet: What are you doing?"
Sokka says: "Shh..."
Sokka says: "It amplifies vibrations."
Jet says: "Good trick."
Sokka says: "Wait!"
Sokka says: "Yes, someone's approaching."
Jet says: "How many?"
Sokka says: "I think there's just one."
Sokka says: "Wait, false alarm..."
Sokka says: "He's just an old man."
Jet ignores Sokka and prepares to attack the old man, leaping to the ground in front of the traveler. Sokka watches with horror.
Jet says: "What are you doing in our woods, you leech?"
Old Fire Nation civilian says: "Please sir, I'm just a traveler."
Jet takes a step, and with one swipe, sends the man's cane flying from his hand. The old man backs away, but when he tries to flee the way he came, he runs face first into Pipsqueak's chest. The force of the impact knocks him to the ground; Pipsqueak looms over him. He tries to crawl away, but Pipsqueak's foot on his backside effectively pins him.
Jet says: "Do you like destroying towns?"
Jet says: "Do you like destroying families?"
Jet says: "Do you?"
Old Fire Nation civilian says: "Oh..."
Old Fire Nation civilian says: "Please let me go..."
Old Fire Nation civilian says: "have mercy..."
Jet says: "Does the Fire Nation let people go?"
Jet says: "Does the Fire Nation have mercy?"
Jet is about to kick the man, but his foot is snagged by Sokka's club before it can be delivered. Sokka releases him.
Sokka says: "Jet, he's just an old man!"
Jet says: "He's Fire Nation!"
Jet says: "Search him!"
Sokka says: "But he's not hurting anyone!"
Jet says: "Have you forgotten that the Fire Nation killed your mother?"
Jet says: "Remember why you fight!"
Smellerbee says: "We've got his stuff, Jet."
Sokka says: "This doesn't feel right."
Jet says: "It's what has to be done, now let's get outta here."
Jet pushes past Sokka. Pipsqueak and Smellerbee follow. Sokka looks at the old man still on his hands and knees in pity.
Jet says: "Come on, Sokka!"
Sokka slowly turns and runs to catch up with the others. At the hideout, Aang and Momo are playing with the ziplines again. He leaps near Sokka.
Aang says: "Sokka!"
Aang says: "Look what the Duke gave me!"
Aang says: "Ow!"
Aang says: "Quit it!"
Sokka is oblivious of it all. He's sitting with his back to the trunk and staring at the ground, glaring. Katara walks up.
Katara says: "Hey, Sokka."
Katara says: "Is Jet back?"
Sokka says: "Yeah he's back."
Sokka says: "But we're leaving."
Aang says: "What?"
Katara says: "But I made him this hat."
Sokka says: "Your boyfriend Jet's a thug."
Katara says: "What?"
Katara says: "No, he's not."
Sokka says: "He's messed up Katara."
Aang says: "He's not messed up, he's just got a different way of life, a really fun way of life."
Sokka says: "He beat and robbed a harmless old man!"
Katara says: "I wanna hear Jet's side of the story."
Jet says: "Sokka, you told them what happened, but you didn't mention that the guy was Fire Nation?"
Jet is sitting on a hammock-bed, the others stand. Sokka stands grumpily as far away as he can get. Aang is wearing the hat Katara made; he looks ridiculous and goofy.
Katara says: "No, he conveniently left that part out."
Sokka says: "Fine!"
Sokka says: "But even if he was Fire Nation, he was a harmless civilian!"
Jet says: "He was an assassin, Sokka."
Jet pulls out a knife and thrusts it into a nearby stump. It is a sinister looking curved blade. There are four spikes evenly spaced along the grip, with enough space for fingers to go between them. There is a ring on the butt of the knife.
Jet says: "See?"
Jet says: "There's a compartment for poison in the knife."
Jet says: "."
Jet says: "He was sent to eliminate me; you helped save my life, Sokka."
Katara says: "I knew there was an explanation."
Sokka says: "I didn't see any knife!"
Jet says: "That's because he was concealing it."
Katara says: "See, Sokka?"
Katara says: "I'm sure you just didn't notice the knife."
Sokka says: "There was no knife!"
Sokka says: "I'm going back to the hut and packing my things."
Jet says: "Tell me you guys aren't leaving yet."
Jet says: "I really need your help."
Aang says: "What can we do?"
Jet says: "The Fire Nation is planning on burning down our forest."
Jet says: "If you both use waterbending to fill the reservoir, we could fight the fires."
Jet says: "But if you leave now, they'll destroy the whole valley."
Aang and Katara look at each other. Fade to them entering their hut. Sokka is tying up a mat on the floor.
Katara says: "We can't leave now with the Fire Nation about to burn down a forest!"
Sokka says: "I'm sorry Katara."
Sokka says: "Jet's very smooth, but we can't trust him."
Katara says: "You know what I think?"
Katara says: "You're jealous that he's a better warrior and a better leader!"
Sokka says: "Katara, I'm not jealous of Jet."
Sokka says: "It's just that my instinct—"
Katara says: "Well my instincts tell me we need to stay here a little longer and help Jet."
Katara says: "Come on Aang."
Aang says: "Sorry, Sokka."
They leave the hut. Fade to the night sky above the canopy. A full moon shines on Appa, who is on his back and snoring extremely loud as he sleeps. Inside the Trio's hut, Sokka sleeps propped up against his still-packed gear while the others sleep in their sleeping bags.
Jet says: "Let's go."
Sokka wakes up. He pulls the door flap aside enough to see some of Jet's followers descending on the rope lines. Sokka grabs a rope line down to a lower branch. On the ground below him, Jet's Freedom Fighters are quietly pushing the loaded wagon as Jet leads them out of the camp. Sokka stealthily follows. In the dark valley. Upstream, and up toward the wall of the valley there is an old falls, and beyond that a man-made dam. A bare cliff off to the reservoir's left provides the view. Jet and his boys emerge from the forest. He goes to the edge and looks down on the dam below. The reservoir behind it is low. He turns back to the wagon.
Jet says: "Now listen, you are not to blow the dam until I give the signal."
Jet says: "If the reservoir isn't full, the Fire Nation troops could survive."
The Duke says: "But what about the people in the town, won't they get wiped out too?"
Jet says: "Look Duke, that's the price of ridding this area of the Fire Nation."
Sokka watches incredulously from the bushes. He frowns, and hears rustling just before Pipsqueak drags him out by his wolf-tail. Smellerbee's knife is instantly at his throat.
Smellerbee says: "Where do you think you're going, ponytail?"
Jet, standing near the edge of the cliff. As he watches, Pipsqueak and Smellerbee drag Sokka between them. Pipsqueak still has a handful of Sokka's wolf-tail.
Jet says: "Sokka, I'm glad you decided to join us."
Sokka says: "I heard your plan to destroy the Earth Kingdom town."
Jet says: "Our plan is to rid the valley of the Fire Nation."
Sokka says: "There are people living there, Jet; mothers and fathers and children."
Jet says: "We can't win without making some sacrifices."
Sokka says: "You lied to Aang and Katara about the forest fire!"
Jet says: "Because they don't understand the demands of war."
Jet says: "Not like you and I do."
Sokka says: "I do understand."
Sokka says: "I understand that there's nothing you won't do to get what you want."
Jet says: "I was hoping you'd have an open mind, but I can see you've made your choice."
Pipsqueak and Smellerbee grab for Sokka. Before he can even react, Jet has his wrist pinned with the hooks of his shuang gou. Sokka's other hand is forced behind his back.
Jet says: "I can't let you warn Katara and Aang."
Jet says: "Take him for a walk, a long walk."
Sokka says: "You can't do this!"
Jet says: "Cheer up, Sokka."
Jet says: "We're gonna win a great victory against the Fire Nation today."
The screen pans to the riverside upriver from the dam. The collected water behind it is much less than the larger cavity of the reservoir. The river leading to down to it is a thread compared to its 'rainy season' gully. Jet, Katara, and Aang are seen walking upriver along its west bank.
Katara says: "Jet, I'm sorry about how Sokka's been acting."
Jet says: "No worries, he already apologized."
Aang says: "Really?"
Aang says: "Sokka apologized?"
Jet says: "Yeah, I was surprised too."
Jet says: "I got the sense that maybe you talked to him or something."
Katara says: "Yeah, I did."
Jet says: "I guess something you said got through to him."
Jet says: "Anyhow, he went out on a scouting mission with Pipsqueak and Smellerbee."
Katara says: "I'm glad he cooled off."
Katara says: "He's so stubborn sometimes."
They are now walking in the gully, beside the 'river'. Aang pauses after noticing something strange, and is launched into the air by a blast from the geyser he was standing on.
Jet says: "All right, we're here."
Jet says: "Underground water's trying to escape through these vents."
Jet says: "I need you guys to help it along."
Katara says: "I've never used bending on water I can't see."
Katara says: "I don't know..."
Jet says: "Katara."
Jet says: "You can do this."
Aang says: "What about me?"
Jet says: "I know the Avatar can do this."
Aang and Katara stand on one of the many geysers in the gully. While Jet looks on, they bend the water up. After a few minutes, a stream of water emerges from the hole. They pull it to their height and send it toward the river where it continues to flow like a waterfall. The water quickly joins the river.
Jet says: "Yes!"
Jet says: "Good job!"
Jet says: "This river empties into the reservoir--a few more geysers and it'll be full."
Aang says: "Look, there's another steam vent."
Jet says: "Okay."
Jet says: "You two keep it up, I'll go check on things at the reservoir."
Katara says: "When we're done we'll meet you over there."
Jet says: "Actually..."
Jet says: "probably better if you meet me back at the hideout when you're done."
Katara says: "Let's catch up with Jet at the reservoir."
Aang says: "I thought we agreed to meet Jet back at the hideout."
Katara says: "Well, we finished early."
Katara says: "I'm sure he'll be happy to see us."
The screen changes to a path in the forest. Pipsqueak and Smellerbee follow Sokka, who has his hands tied behind his back. Smellerbee gives Sokka a shove; Sokka stumbles but remains on his feet.
Smellerbee says: "Come on, move along!"
Sokka says: "How can you stand by and do nothing while Jet wipes out a whole town?"
Pipsqueak says: "Hey listen Sokka, Jet's a great leader."
Pipsqueak says: "We follow what he says, and things always turn out okay."
Sokka says: "If that's how Jet leads, then he's got a lot to learn."
Smellerbee says: "Hey!"
Sokka says: "While you two are up there, you might want to practice your knot work."
Pipsqueak says: "Hey Smellerbee, you gonna eat your lychee nuts?"
Katara and Aang are standing on the edge of the cliff. At the base of the dam, four of Jet's people are unloading barrels from the wagon and arranging them.
Katara says: "What are they doing?"
Aang says: "Hey, those are the red barrels he got from the Fire Nation."
Katara says: "Why would they need blasting jelly?"
Aang says: "Because Jet's gonna blow up the dam."
Katara says: "What?"
Katara says: "No, that would destroy the town."
Katara says: "Jet wouldn't do that."
Aang says: "I've gotta stop him."
Katara says: "Jet wouldn't do that."
Before Aang can reach the edge, Jet crosses his path from behind and snatches the glider. Aang is left wobbling precariously on the edge, and uses airbending to get himself back on stable footing.
Jet says: "Yes I would."
Katara says: "Jet, why?"
Jet says: "Katara, you would too if you just stopped to think."
Jet says: "Think about what the Fire Nation did to your mother, we can't let them do that to anyone else, ever again."
Katara says: "This isn't the answer!"
Jet says: "I want you to understand me Katara."
Jet says: "I thought your brother would understand, but—"
Katara says: "Where's Sokka?"
Jet says: "Katara."
She lowers her head, and with a shout, sends Jet flying with the water from her waterskin. She draws it back into the skin when she's done.
Aang says: "I need to get to the dam."
Aang's closed glider is on the ground. As he reaches for it, one of Jet's hook swords pins it. Jet has the two swords hook to hook; with a yank he pulls Aang's glider to him.
Jet says: "You're not going anywhere without your glider."
Jet swings the swords at Aang. Aang somersaults backward to avoid the extra reach. Aang finishes his retreat in a nearby tree.
Aang says: "I'm not gonna fight you, Jet."
Jet says: "You'll have to if you want your glider back."
Aang retreats back into the forest, as Jet hooks the branch and pulls himself up. Katara follows on the ground. Jet attacks; Aang defends himself with balls of air, which Jet ducks. Jet attacks head on, but Aang blocks with his arms and sends his opponent flying into a tree trunk with an air kick. Jet combines his swords again and advances. Aang avoids the flail-like move and sends another air blast. Jet stoops down and lets the air flow over and past him before lunging.
They continue the chase through the many levels of the forest. Jet catches up to Aang and sends them both freefalling, attacking as they go. They both end up on a branch. Jet continues his attack. Aang avoids it all. Jet charges again, but Aang hits him with a jetstream of air. Jet falls. He recovers, but loses the glider in the process. Before Aang can get to the ground Jet kicks him into a trunk. He lands with a thud next to his glider.
A small tributary flows past him. Aang is slow to get up. Before Jet can take more than a step however, he his hit by a large water strike. Katara is there; she uses water from the river to throw Jet against the trunk of the tree. Over and over she attacks; Jet is unable to cut the water and its force plasters him against the trunk. She freezes Jet from toe to neck.
Katara says: "Why, Jet?"
Katara says: "I can't believe I trusted you."
Katara says: "You lied to me, you're sick and I trusted you!"
Katara says: "What are you doing?"
Jet says: "You're too late."
Katara says: "No!"
Aang opens his glider and runs for the nearby cliff. His glider's wings are damaged to the point that he has no lift, and slams back into the ground near the edge. Katara runs over to help him.
Aang says: "Sokka's still out there, he's our only chance."
Katara says: "Come on, Sokka."
Katara says: "I'm sorry I ever doubted you, please."
Longshot stands on a branch, his bow pulled. He has a flaming arrow on the string. He takes aim and fires. It arcs down to the base of the dam. Katara watches in horror.
Katara says: "No..."
The center of the dam explodes in a cloud of smoke and fire. Katara and Aang watch a massive wall of water go to the town. Inside the town the streets are empty except for the occasional barrels and the Cabbage Merchant's cabbage cart. The water rushes through the open gate, as a cresting wave dwarfs it. The wall and gate are swallowed as the wave strikes the town. The flotsam carried away includes a smiling doll in a purple dress.
Aang says: "Sokka didn't make it in time."
Katara says: "All those people..."
Katara says: "Jet, you monster!"
Jet says: "This was a victory, Katara."
Jet says: "Remember that."
Jet says: "The Fire Nation is gone and this valley will be safe."
Sokka says: "It will be safe, without you."
Katara says: "Sokka!"
Sokka says: "I warned the villagers of your plan, just in time."
Jet says: "What?!"
Jet says: "!"
Jet says: "Sokka, you fool!"
Jet says: "We could've freed this valley!"
Sokka says: "Who would be free?"
Sokka says: "Everyone would be dead."
Jet says: "You traitor!"
Sokka says: "No, Jet."
Sokka says: "You became the traitor when you stopped protecting innocent people."
Jet says: "Katara."
Jet says: "Please, help me."
Katara says: "Goodbye Jet."
Sokka says: "Yip yip."
The sky they fly in is empty, save a few wispy clouds.
Aang says: "We thought you were going to the dam."
Aang says: "How come you went to the town instead?"
Katara says: "Let me guess, your instincts told you."
Sokka says: "Hey, sometimes they're right."
Aang says: ": Um..."
Aang says: "Sokka?"
Aang says: "You know we're going the wrong way, right?"
Sokka says: "And sometimes they're wrong."
Fades to credits.