The episode opens with an overhead shot of rice paddies. The camera pans down, revealing an Earth Kingdom village. The scene cuts to a shot of a bridge over a nearby stream. People carrying backpacks and other loads walk back and forth over the bridge, either entering or departing the small village.
The scene cuts to a street within the village. Iroh and Zuko are sitting on straw mats, their stolen ostrich horse lying behind them. A cart with masks for sale passes by in front of them; one of the masks is seen to be the Blue Spirit mask. As the cart passes, another pedestrian walks in front of Iroh. Iroh holds his hat out to the pedestrian and begins to talk to him.
Iroh says: "Spare coins for weary travelers?"
The pedestrian tosses a couple of copper pieces into Iroh's hat as Zuko turns to Iroh in anger.
Zuko says: "This is humiliating!"
Zuko says: "We're royalty!"
Zuko says: "These people should be giving us whatever we want."
Iroh says: "They will if you ask nicely."
Iroh says: "Spare change for a hungry old man?"
Peasant girl says: "Aw, here you go."
Iroh says: "The coin is appreciated, but not as much as your smile!"
Zuko slaps his forehead in frustration as the young girl giggles lightly and walks away. As soon as she walks away, a man with dual broadswords on his back wanders up to Iroh and Zuko.
Zuko says: "We're not performers."
Iroh says: "It's a long, long way to Ba Sing Se, but the girls in the city, they look so pretty!"
Broadsword man says: "Dance!"
The man begins to slice the ground near Iroh's feet; Iroh hops up and down to "dodge" the attacks while Zuko struggles to control his anger at the man. A birds-eye shot of the street shows other citizens have stopped to watch the spectacle.
Iroh says: "They kiss so sweet that you really got to meet the girls from Ba Sing Se!"
Iroh says: "Such a kind man."
Zuko glares after the man in anger and humiliation. The camera cuts to Appa, flying through a gray sky over a large forested area; it is covered somewhat by fog, and looks rather menacing. Sokka is rubbing a whetstone against his machete, while Katara is studying a scroll. Aang stares at the swamp, and seems to be in a trance. Sokka notices they were slowly flying down, and notices Aang's trance-like state.
Sokka says: "why are we going down?"
Aang says: "What?"
Aang says: "I didn't even notice."
The camera zooms out to see Appa flying down toward the swamp says: "Sokka: Are you noticing now?"
Katara says: "Is something wrong?"
Aang says: "I know this is going to sound weird, but I think the swamp is calling to me."
Sokka says: "Is it telling you where we can get something to eat?"
Aang says: "No, I..."
Aang says: "I think it wants us to land there."
Sokka says: "No offense to the swamp, but I don't see any land there to land on."
Aang says: "I don't know."
Aang says: "Bumi said to learn earthbending I would have to wait and listen, and now I'm actually hearing the earth."
Aang says: "Do you want me to ignore it?"
Sokka says: "Sokka: Yes."
Katara says: "Sokka: Yes."
Momo look over Appa's saddle down at the swamp says: "Sokka: Yes."
Katara says: "I don't know."
Katara says: "There's something ominous about that place."
Momo hides inside Appa's saddle as Appa groans.
Sokka says: "See, even Appa and Momo don't like it here."
Aang says: "Yip, Yip!"
Appa groans and flies upward, away from the swamp. A tornado suddenly emerges from out of nowhere, heading right for Appa. Sokka, hearing something, turns around and finally sees it.
Sokka says: "You better throw in an extra "yip"!"
Sokka says: "We gotta move!"
Appa starts to fly faster, attempting to avoid the tornado, however he is not fast enough to get away. As the tornado begins to move closer to Appa, the wind pulls Sokka right off from the saddle. Katara manages to grab his hand, holding him back from flying into the tornado. Aang jumps up onto Appa's saddle and creates an air shield around Appa, stabilizing the air and allowing Sokka to fall back into the saddle, uninjured. The wind sucks Appa, who is still protected by the air shield, into the tornado. Aang struggles to maintain the air shield, however as it shrinks, one of Appa's legs slips from the protective air, thereby breaking it. Aang, Katara, and Sokka fall off Appa, with Aang landing lightly in muddied water as the latter two land quite roughly. Appa and Momo are thrown elsewhere in the swamp.
Aang says: "Appa!"
Aang says: "Momo!"
The scene cuts back to Katara and Sokka. Katara glances at her elbow before looking up at her brother.
Katara says: "Sokka, you've got an elbow leech."
Sokka says: "Where?"
Sokka says: "Where?"
A creature is shown sticking on to Sokka's elbow.
Katara says: "Where do you think?"
Sokka says: "Why do things keep attaching to me?!"
Sokka says: "!"
Aang swings over the muddied water on a vine, waiting for it to stop moving so he can land.
Katara says: "You couldn't find them?"
Aang says: "No, and the tornado..."
Aang says: "it just disappeared."
Katara and Sokka turn to face the darkness in the swamp. The scene switches to Appa, who is hanging suspended over the swamp, caught in a mass of vines. Momo jumps up from the saddle and begins chewing through the vines. Appa falls, with Momo, into the muddy water. He shakes the water from his fur and takes off flying, before again becoming trapped. Appa groans as Momo berates him, before the lemur begins to cut the vines, again. The scene switches back to Aang, Katara, and Sokka.
Sokka says: "We better speed things up."
Aang says: "Maybe we should be a little nicer to the swamp."
Sokka says: "Aang, these are just plants."
Sokka says: "Do you want me to say "please" and "thank you" as I swing my machete back and forth?"
Katara says: "Maybe you should listen to Aang."
Katara says: "Something about this place feels..."
Katara says: "alive."
Sokka says: "I'm sure there are lots of things that are alive here and if we don't wanna wind up getting eaten by them, we need to find Appa as fast as we can."
Sokka continues to slice through the vines. The shot changes perspective to show Aang, Katara and Sokka through the vines, as though someone is looking at them. The scene changes to Appa and Momo. Appa is walking on the wet, muddy ground, trailing his footprints behind, carrying Momo on his back. A tree trunk happens to be in Appa's way, and the bison collapses to the ground, unwilling to attempt flying over it or crawling beneath it. Momo takes Aang's bison whistle and blows it to make Appa move. The bison ignores it the first time, growling angrily, but when Momo blows it a second time, he uses his tail to squash the lemur. Dazed from the blow, Momo sways and collapses. The scene changes back to Aang, Katara, and Sokka, now walking through a foggier part of the swamp.
Katara says: "Appa!"
Katara says: "Momo!"
Sokka says: "There's no way they can hear us and no way we can see them."
Sokka says: "We'll have to make camp for the night."
Several flies surround Sokka. Sokka swings his machete at them, trying to shoo them away. At that moment, a huge bubble of swamp gas rises from the muddy water below them. The gas grows closer to Aang, Katara, and Sokka.
Katara says: "What was that?"
Sokka says: "Nothing, just swamp gas."
Sokka says: "Look, there's nothing supernatural going on here."
The three groan as the smell reaches them, with Sokka waving his hand in front of his nose as Katara clamps hers shut. Suddenly, the quiet is shattered by a terrifying scream, causing them all to scream and huddle together, looking around wide-eyed for the source. The camera zooms backward, showing a small, grumpy-looking white bird. It opens its beak extremely wide, emitting the terrifying scream, and flutters off.
Sokka says: "I think we should build a fire."
Sokka runs off to a nearby tree and cuts pieces of wood from its roots. Aang and Katara walk up to Sokka.
Aang says: "Sokka, the longer we're here, the more I think you shouldn't be doing do that."
Sokka says: "No, I asked the swamp."
Sokka says: "It said this was fine."
Sokka says: ""No problem, Sokka!"
Sokka continues to chop up the roots, while Aang looks somewhat annoyed. The scene changes to a later shot of the trio around a fire. Katara glancing around at the swamp.
Katara says: "Does anyone else get the feeling that we're being watched?"
Sokka is shown with a fly buzzing around him. He does not seems scared anymore.
Sokka says: "Please, we're all alone out here."
Sokka uses his machete to try and scare the fly off. The fly turns into a big, shining ball of light. It flies away from the gang, illuminating over a dozen pairs of eyes staring at them. They turn around and see them.
Aang says: "Except for them."
They turn back around and huddle together.
Sokka says: "Right, except for them."
The scene changes to Appa and Momo, who are lying down on a giant tree branch. The constant nocturnal noises echoing around them has Momo scuttling frantically from one end of the saddle to the other whilst chittering in fear. Appa, unable to sleep by the noise, growls loudly, causing the noises to stop, and Momo settles down on Appa's saddle. As Momo begins to close his eyes, another small sound is heard, causing his ears to perk up and his eyes to widen. The scene changes back to Aang, Katara, and Sokka. The camp fire is beginning to die out, and the three friends are huddled together, sleeping. Another perspective shot shows someone looking at them through the vines. A vine snakes its way to Sokka's leg, which is sticking out, and begins to wind around both it and Sokka's whole body.
The shot cuts to an overhead view of the three, each tied up by several vines that snake out of the frame. The scene cuts to a close-up profile shot of the three. For a moment, they are still asleep - Sokka holding his machete and drooling - but they awake screaming as the vines simultaneously yank them all out off the screen and away from each other.
The scene cuts to Sokka. He plants the blade of his machete in the ground as he is dragged away. Both Katara and Aang are also dragged off into the mist. Sokka gets up and looks around for his sister and Aang. The respite does not last long as vines are suddenly thrown at him. They wrap around him and attempt to drag him away again. Before he can travel too far, Sokka starts hacking the vines with his machete. He frees himself and runs back down the tree root, pursued by more vines.
The scene cuts to Katara, struggling to free herself from the vines. Using a water whip she cuts through her bonds and runs off into the mist.
The scene cuts to Aang, who frees himself by creating an air bubble around him and expanding it. His bonds attach to the bubble, and Aang jumps away before they ensnare him again. He jumps through the trees, closely pursued by more vines. He escapes a vine that pulls him to the ground using his airbending to propel himself far away and soon finds himself alone in the swamp. Cut to a wide shot of Aang looking around for his friends.
Aang says: "Guys?"
The scene fades to a shot of Appa's footprint, which is now filled with swamp water. Two figures are looking down at the footprint. Due is tall and skinny, while his friend Tho is short and fat. Both wear small, animal skin loincloths and have a single, large leaf on their heads to serve as a hat. Tho is carrying a stick, and uses it to indicate the animal track.
Due says: "What'd you reckon make a track like that, Tho?"
Tho says: "Don't know, Due."
Tho says: "Some'in with six legs."
Tho says: "Pretty big'uns too."
The camera pans up to reveal more of Appa's tracks in the mud.
Due says: "Leaves a nice, wide trail to folla'."
Tho says: "You know what's at the end of that trail?"
Due shakes his head in the negative. Cut to a close-up of Tho's smiling face.
Tho says: "Dinner."
The scene cuts to Appa swimming in the marshy water before cutting to a close-up of Momo. A fly is buzzing around his head, and he watches it, shifting his eyes from side to side. It flies off, and Momo goes after it. He lands on a nearby tree root, still attempting to catch the fly. He hops from tree root to tree root, following the fly, although unknowingly lands on the back of a catgator. He catches the fly on the last root, but lets go of it as he jumps to fly away from the creature. It pursues Momo as he flies back to Appa. The camera pans left, following the chase. When Momo and the crocodile reach Appa, the sky bison's mouth is open and the catgator swims right into it. Appa holds the creature there for a moment, before spitting it back out. Momo and the catfish crocodile hiss at each other for a moment, and the crocodile swims off. The scene cuts back to Appa, who shakes his head and loudly groans.
Cut to Katara, who is walking through an area where the tree roots are covered in white flowers.
Katara says: "Aang!"
Katara says: "Sokka!"
Ahead of Katara is another Water Tribe woman, her back facing Katara. She wears the same robe as Katara and has the same hair style. Katara begins walking toward the figure.
Katara says: "Hello?"
Katara says: "Hello?"
Katara says: "Can you help me?"
Katara says: "Mom!"
Katara runs to the figure, her eyes streaming tears of joy. She reaches the figure and places a hand on her shoulder.
Katara says: "I can't believe..."
The smile leaves her face as the scene begins to lighten. Katara stands in front of a tree stump as she realizes the figure was only an illusion. Katara gasps, falling to her knees as she begins to cry. It cuts to an overhead shot of the very devastated Katara, and fades to shot of Sokka's hand holding his machete in the air. The rest of Sokka appears.
Sokka says: "Aang!"
Sokka says: "You think you're so tough, huh?"
Sokka trips over as he cuts through the vine in which he was tangled, falling offscreen with his face in the mud. Upon lifting up his head, he sees an image of Yue in a beam of light not far in front of him. Sokka stands up, puts away his machete and starts walking toward Yue.
Sokka says: "Hello?"
Sokka says: "Yue?"
Princess Yue says: "You didn't protect me."
Sokka rubs his eyes in disbelief, opening them to find that Yue has disappeared. Sokka sighs in relief, but as he turns around he falls over backward, startled at seeing Yue right before his eyes again. The image of Yue disappears immediately after that and Sokka stands up and pulls his machete back out, almost threateningly.
The scene switches to Aang, who is wandering the swamp calling the names of his friends.
Aang says: "Katara!"
Aang says: "Appa!"
Upon wading through the swamp, Aang notices an unfamiliar girl in a dress standing on a hill, accompanied by a winged pig.
Aang says: "Hello?"
Aang says: "Who are you?"
The pig flies off and the girl giggles, before turning around and running away.
Aang says: "Hey, come back!"
Aang jumps to the top of the hill, only to find she has completely disappeared from his sight. Hearing her laugh again, Aang turns around only to see her running across the limbs of another tree. He uses the vines, however before he can even reach his destination, the girl has moved and is now running across the ground tries to chase the girl. Aang continues his wild chase through the treetops, as the scene switches to show Appa with Momo on his back swimming through the river that flows through the swamp. A little further on the stream, covered by fog, is a group of six swamp tribe members divided over three canoes; Due and Tho sitting in the middle canoe. They look at each other in silence for a few moments, Tho wetting his lips using his tongue. Appa halts as Momo chitters at the strange people.
Due says: "Look at that Tho."
Due says: "Is that a little hairy fella ridin' that thing?"
Tho says: "No, that's what they call a "lemoo"."
Tho says: "Saw one at a traveling show once."
Tho says: "Real smart they say."
Due says: "Bet he tastes a lot like possum chicken."
Tho says: "You think everything tastes like possum chicken."
Due says: "C'mon now, fellas."
Due says: "Just a little closer."
Due says: "Nice and easy."
Due says: "Nothing to worry about."
Due says: "We just fixin' to eat ya."
Appa turns around and takes off in the opposite direction.
Tho says: "What'd you say that fer?"
Due says: "Well, we are!"
Tho says: "But you don't have to tell 'em that."
Due says: "Well how'd I know they'd understand me?"
Tho says: "Come on!"
Due stands up in front of the canoe and starts spinning his arms, bending the water behind his canoe in order to chase Appa. The other two canoes follow suit, trailing behind Appa in a 'V' formation. Appa bounds through the river, desperate to escape the strange people hunting him. The scene switches back to Aang, who is still chasing the girl.
Aang says: "Who are you?"
Peering through a wall of vegetation, Aang sees the girl on a small hill. Running after her, it is too late to stop as he notices that it is not the girl, but Katara. Aang runs into the waterbender and they both fall over. Sokka hears the commotion and turns around to investigate with his machete cocked - in the wrong direction, as only a few seconds later, Aang and Katara come barreling down the root he is standing on and hit him in the back, knocking him over too.
Sokka says: "What do you guys think you're doing!"
Sokka says: "?"
Sokka says: "I've been looking all over for you!"
Katara says: "Well, I've been wandering around looking for you!"
Aang says: "I was chasing some girl."
Katara says: "What girl?"
Aang says: "I don't know."
Aang says: "I heard laughing and I saw some girl in a fancy dress."
Sokka says: "Well, there must be a tea party here and we just didn't get our invitations!"
Katara says: "I thought I saw Mom."
Sokka says: "Look, we were all just scared and hungry and our minds were playing tricks on us."
Sokka says: "That's why we all saw things out here."
Katara says: "You saw something too?"
Sokka says: "I thought I saw Yue."
Sokka says: "But, that doesn't prove anything."
Sokka says: "Look, I think about her all the time, and you saw Mom, someone you miss a lot."
Aang says: "What about me?"
Aang says: "I didn't know the girl I saw."
Aang says: "And all our visions led us right here."
Aang begins walking around, as if looking for something.
Katara says: "Okay..."
Katara says: "so where's here?"
Katara says: "The middle of the swamp?"
Aang looks around, his gaze finally resting on a massive tree growing right next to him. The camera pans to reveal exactly how enormous the tree really is.
Aang says: "Yeah, the center..."
Aang says: "it's the heart of the swamp."
Aang says: "It's been calling us here."
Aang says: "I knew it."
Sokka says: "It's just a tree."
Sokka says: "It can't call anyone."
Sokka says: "For the last time, there's nothing after us and there's nothing magical happening here."
As Sokka finishes his tirade, a seaweed monster jumps out from the water. The gang huddles together and screams, separating as the monster begins to attack them. The seaweed monster goes after Sokka first as the trio split up, each running in different directions. Sokka is picked up and swung around, only being released as Aang uses airbending to slice part of the monster's arm off. The monster goes after Aang, flicking the monk away and into the surrounding trees. Sokka is shown fighting with the vines that had him captured only seconds ago, and so intent was he at destroying them, he failed to notice a column rising behind himself. The column attaches to the seaweed monster and Sokka is swiped from the ground. Katara comes to his rescue this time as she slices at the monster's arm. It did not have the desired effect, as more vines grew to patch up the hole her waterbending created. She manages to push the monster back a little, however it is not long before she is flung away. Aang stops to watch her, giving the monster time to attack him. Sokka is absorbed into the chest of the monster as the scene changes to Appa continuing his escape from the Foggy Swamp members. Momo throws objects at them from the back of his friend, attempting to slow them down. One of these such items was a shirt that appears to belong to Sokka at a Foggy Swamp member, resulting in the boat that member was on to spin out of control.
Tho says: "Now, what would a lemoo need a shirt fer?"
Tho manages to capture Momo after the latter hits a low tree branch and is thrown backward. The loss of his friend encourages Appa to run faster. The scene changes back to the gang fighting the seaweed monster. After using a tornado-like airbending move, Katara freezes Sokka in place before shooting him with water, expelling him from the monster's body. The fight ends as Katara begins to waterbend repeatedly at the monster, slicing through the vines and not allowing the monster to regenerate. A person is seen inside the monster, bending the vines.
Sokka says: "There's someone in there!"
Sokka says: "He's bending the vines!"
With a final slice, Katara cuts through the mask on the seaweed monster, the whole top half falling off. However, this does not stop the monster, and vines spring out of the marsh, capturing Katara high on a pillar. Aang airbends over to the monster and, using his native bending, rips apart the vines.
Aang says: "Why did you call me here if you just wanted to kill us!"
Aang says: "?"
Huu says: "Wait!"
Huu says: "I didn't call you here."
Aang says: "We were flying over and I heard something calling to me, telling me to land."
Sokka says: "He's the Avatar."
Sokka says: "Stuff like that happens to us a lot."
Huu says: "The Avatar?"
Huu says: "Come with me."
The trio drop their stances and look at each other. The scene cuts to Huu, leading the gang to the top of the giant tree Aang noticed earlier.
Katara says: "So, who are you then?"
Huu says: "I protect the swamp from folks that want to hurt it, like this fella with his big knife."
Sokka says: "See, completely reasonable."
Sokka says: "Not a monster, just a regular guy defending his home."
Sokka says: "Nothing mystical about it."
Huu says: "Oh the swamp is a mystical place all right."
Huu says: "It's sacred."
Huu says: "I reached enlightenment right here under the banyan-grove tree."
Huu says: "I heard it calling me, just like you did."
Sokka says: "Sure you did."
Sokka says: "It seems real chatty."
Huu says: "See this whole swamp is actually just one tree spread out over miles."
Huu says: "Branches spread and sink, take root, and spread some more."
Huu says: "One big, living organism."
Huu says: "Just like the entire world."
Aang says: "I get how the tree is one big thing, but the whole world?"
Huu says: "Sure."
Huu says: "You think you're any different from me or your friends or this tree?"
Huu says: "If you listen hard enough, you can hear every living thing breathing together."
Huu says: "You can feel everything growing."
Huu says: "We're all living together, even if most folks don't act like it."
Huu says: "We all have the same roots and we are all branches of the same tree."
Katara says: "But what did our visions mean?"
Huu says: "In the swamp, we see visions of people we've lost, people we loved, folks we think are gone."
Huu says: "But the swamp tells us they're not."
Huu says: "We're still connected to them."
Huu says: "Time is an illusion and so is death."
Aang says: "But what about my vision?"
Aang says: "It was someone I had never met."
Huu says: "You're the Avatar."
Huu says: "You tell me."
Aang says: "Time is an illusion."
Aang says: "So, it's someone I will meet."
Huu nods.
Sokka says: "Sorry to interrupt the lesson, but we still need to find Appa and Momo."
Aang says: "I think I know how to find them."
Aang says: "Come on!"
Aang says: "We've got to hurry!"
Back to the Foggy Swamp members, Appa is trapped inside a net while Tho sings.
Tho says: "Set my lines by the river bed!"
Tho says: "Caught ten fish and I killed 'em dead!"
Tho says: "Cut 'em and gut 'em and I tossed the heads in the water to keep them catgators fed."
The boats stop when a jet of water appears and destroys the boat next to Tho and Due's. The two people from the destroyed boat fly into the water as Aang appears on a tree branch.
Aang says: "Appa!"
Aang airbends a stream of air, throwing Tho into the water and freeing Momo who was being held by Tho.
Due says: "We're under attack!"
Due scoops up a puddle of water and sends it toward Aang and Katara. The three become engaged in a waterbending fight, with neither side gaining an advantage.
Katara says: "Hey, you guys are waterbenders!"
Due says: "You too!"
Due says: "That means we're kin!"
Due says: "Hey Huu!"
Due says: "How you been?"
Huu says: "You know, scared some folks, swung some vines, the usual."
Sokka says: "Huu?"
The scene cuts to the gang sitting around a fire in the Foggy Swamp Tribe. There is a member waterbending some liquid in a pot to stirs it, and Due grabs a fish from the pot before moving over to the fire.
Due says: "How you like that possum chicken?"
Sokka says: "Tastes just like arctic hen."
Sokka says: "So why were you guys so interested in eating Appa?"
Sokka says: "You've got plenty of those big things wandering around."
Due says: "You want me to eat old Slim?"
Due says: "He's like a member of the family!"
Due pulls the fish off the branch and gives it to Slim.
Sokka says: "Nice Slim!"
Sokka throws a bug at the catgator; it bounces off his nose and he growls at Sokka, who cowers slightly.
Due says: "Oh, he don't eat no bugs!"
Due says: "That's people food."
Tho says: "Where'd you say you was from?"
Katara says: "The South Pole."
Tho says: "Didn't know there was waterbenders anywhere but here."
Tho says: "They got a nice swamp there, do they?"
Katara says: "No, it's all ice and snow."
Tho says: "Hmm."
Tho says: "No wonder you left."
Sokka says: "Just a bunch of greasy people living in a swamp."
Katara says: "What about the visions?"
Sokka says: "I told you, we were hungry."
Sokka says: "I'm eating a giant bug!"
Sokka holds up said giant bug, taking a bit of its abdomen. He swallows it with some difficulty before exhaling sharply, sticking his tongue out.
Aang says: "But what about when the tree showed me where Appa and Momo were?"
Sokka says: "That's Avatar stuff, that doesn't count."
Sokka says: "The only thing I can't figure out is how you made that tornado that sucked us down."
Huu says: "I can't do anything like that."
Huu says: "I just bend the water in the plants."
Sokka says: "Well, no accounting for weather."
Sokka says: "Still, there's absolutely nothing mysterious about the swamp."
Cut to a long shot of the camp from across the river. The white screaming bird from earlier lands on a visible tree branch and lets out its horrible cry. A nearby vine rises up and bats the bird into the camera, which goes dark.
When the image returns, it is of a full moon back in the Earth Kingdom village where Zuko and Iroh were seen last. The camera pans down to reveal the broadsword man walking down a street alone. He hears something behind him, turns and draws his blades. The scene cuts to a frontal shot of him, where there was nothing behind him.
Broadsword man says: "Who's there?"
The scene cuts to a close-up shot of his hands, which are both grabbed by another person. He is disarmed and thrown against some nearby boxes, his swords falling uselessly to the ground. His assailant's feet are seen to approach the sword. He picks them up, the camera in turn reveals that the assailant is the Blue Spirit himself.
Fades to credits.