Momo flies out the broken side of the house and they all exit. Two Dai Li agents watch overhead from a house roof across the street.
The scene changes to the Royal Palace, where Long Feng meets with that particular Joo Dee. Two Dai Li agents stand guard.
Long Feng says: "I'm very disappointed in your work with the Avatar and his friends, Joo Dee."
Long Feng says: "I had hoped that you would be able to control this situation."
Joo Dee says: "I am so sorry, but they don't trust me anymore."
Long Feng says: "Joo Dee, the Earth King has invited you to Lake Laogai."
Joo Dee says: "I am honored to accept his invitation."
Long Feng says: "If the Avatar keeps searching for his bison, it could upset the delicate balance we've worked so hard to achieve in this city."
Long Feng says: "It could even cost us control of the Earth King."
Dai Li agent says: "Should we take care of him?"
Long Feng says: "No."
Long Feng says: "It's much too dangerous for us to confront him directly."
Long Feng says: "Let's see if we can still handle this quietly."
At Iroh and Zuko's place of stay, which is about to change. Zuko enters Iroh's room. Iroh is packing his clothes.
Iroh says: "So, I was thinking about names for my new tea shop."
Iroh says: "How about the Jasmine Dragon?"
Iroh says: "It's dramatic, poetic, has a nice ring to it."
Zuko says: "The Avatar is here in Ba Sing Se and he's lost his bison."
Iroh says: "If you start stirring up trouble, we could lose all the good things that are happening for us."
Zuko says: "Good things that are happening for you!"
Zuko says: "Have you ever thought that I want more from life than a nice apartment and a job serving tea?"
Iroh says: "There is nothing wrong with a life of peace and prosperity."
Iroh says: "I suggest you think about what it is that you want from your life and why."
Zuko says: "I want my destiny."
Iroh says: "What that means is up to you."
Iroh says: "The Tea Weevil!"
Iroh says: "No, that's stupid."
Cut back to Team Avatar, who are working to put up more posters.
Sokka says: "We'll split up to cover more area."
Sokka says: "Toph, I guess you should just come with me."
Toph says: "It's upside-down, isn't it?"
Toph says: "I'll just go with Sokka."
They all go their separate ways, with Toph following Sokka. Cut to an open square, where Katara is putting up a poster on a stone plinth near a flowing water stream. Suddenly, behind her, she hears a familiar voice call out.
Jet says: "Katara?"
Jet is seen emerging from an alleyway at the edge of the square. Katara wheels around with a startled gasp.
Jet says: "Katara, I've changed!"
The wave hits Jet, sending him back quite a distance.
Jet says: "I don't want to fight you, I'm here to help!"
Throws his swords down, and reaches for something behind his back. Katara quickly fires more ice crystals, which pin him to the wall. The rest of the team approaches.
Sokka says: "Katara, what is it?"
Katara says: "Jet's back."
Katara says: "We can't trust anything Jet says."
Sokka says: "But we don't even know why he's here!"
Katara says: "I don't care why he's here, whatever the reason is, it can't be good!"
Jet says: "I'm here to help you find Appa!"
Aang says: "Katara, we have to give him a chance."
Jet says: "I swear, I've changed!"
Jet says: "I was a troubled person and I let my anger get out of control, but I don't even have the gang now!"
Jet says: "I've put all that behind me!"
Katara says: "You're lying!"
Toph says: "He's not lying."
Sokka says: "How can you tell?"
Toph says: "I can feel his breathing and heartbeat."
Toph says: "When people lie, there's a physical reaction."
Toph says: "He's telling the truth."
Aang says: "Katara, we don't have any leads."
Aang says: "If Jet says he can take us to Appa, we have to check it out."
Katara says: "All right."
Katara says: "But we're not letting you out of our sight."
She stabs her finger at Jet once more for emphasis, eyes narrowed. Cut to Jet entering a dimly lit warehouse, which sits empty except for a few sacks and a pile of canvas and rope.
Jet says: "This is the place I heard about."
Aang says: "There's nothing here."
Jet says: "I told you, I work nearby!"
Jet says: "Two guys were talking about some giant furry creature they had, I figured it must be Appa!"
Toph says: "He was here!"
Old Sweepy says: "They took that big thing yesterday."
Old Sweepy says: "Shipped him out to some island."
Old Sweepy says: "About time, I've been cleaning up fur, and various, uhhh..."
Old Sweepy says: "leavings all day."
Aang says: "What island?"
Aang says: "Where's Appa?"
Old Sweepy says: "Foreman said some rich royal type on Whaletail Island bought him up."
Old Sweepy says: "Guess for a zoo or such."
Old Sweepy says: "Though, could be the meat that'd be good."
Aang says: "We've got to get to Whaletail Island!"
Sokka says: "Here it is."
Sokka says: "It's near the South Pole, almost all the way back home."
Katara says: "Aang, it will take us weeks just to get to the tip of the Earth Kingdom."
Katara says: "And then we'll need to find a boat to get to the island."
Aang says: "I don't care."
Aang says: "We have a chance to find Appa!"
Aang says: "We have to try!"
Old Sweepy says: "Must be nice to visit an island."
Old Sweepy says: "I haven't had a vacation for years."
Katara says: "Don't you have some more hair to clean up?"
Old Sweepy says: "Shuffle on, I get you."
Old Sweepy says: "No more need for Old Sweepy..."
Katara says: "You're right Aang, right now our first concern has to be finding Appa."
Katara says: "We can come back when we have him."
Sokka says: "All right, let's get moving."
Jet says: "I'll come with you."
Katara says: "We don't need your help!"
Jet says: "Why won't you trust me?"
Katara says: "Gee, I wonder."
Toph says: "Was this guy your boyfriend or something?"
Katara says: "What..."
Katara says: "no!"
Back within the city says: "Sokka: We can take the train out to the wall but then we'll have to walk."
Aang says: "Don't worry, on the way back we'll be flying!"
Toph says: "We're finally leaving Ba Sing Se."
Toph says: "Worst..."
Toph says: "city..."
Toph says: "ever!"
Smellerbee and Longshot appear in the background and notice Jet.
Smellerbee says: "Jet!"
Katara says: "I thought you said you didn't have your "gang" anymore!"
Jet says: "I don't!"
Katara says: "The Dai Li?!"
Katara says: "!"
Jet says: "I don't know what she's talking about!"
Smellerbee says: "He got arrested by the Dai Li a couple of weeks ago."
Smellerbee says: "We saw them drag him away!"
Jet says: "Why would I be arrested?"
Jet says: "I've been living peacefully in the city!"
Toph says: "This doesn't make any sense."
Toph says: "They're both telling the truth."
Katara says: "That's impossible."
Sokka says: "No it's not!"
Sokka says: "Toph can't tell who's lying because they both think they're telling the truth."
Sokka says: "Jet's been brainwashed!"
Jet says: "That's crazy!"
Jet says: "It can't be!"
Jet says: "Stay away from me!"
They all surround him. Cut to the moon in the night sky. Cut to a Dai Li agent walking the streets. Zuko, disguised as the Blue Spirit, runs by.
Zuko says: "Out of my way, skinny!"
The agent prepares to use his rock glove, but pauses when the disguised man turns into an alley. The agent runs to the alley and sees a figure that appears to be him. He fires his rock gloves at the figure's chest and head, knocking off the stuffed figure's head and knocking it down.
Dai Li agent says: "Huh?"
There is the whisper of a drawn blade behind him and Zuko, still disguised, captures him and places one of his swords to the agent's neck.
Zuko says: "If you don't want to end up like him, you'll do what I say."
Back in an unknown building, Team Avatar, Longshot, and Smellerbee all surrounding a seated Jet.
Katara says: "The Dai Li must have sent Jet to mislead us, and that janitor was part of their plot, too!"
Aang says: "I bet they have Appa here in the city."
Aang says: "Maybe he's in the same place they took Jet!"
Aang says: "Where did they take you?"
Jet says: "Nowhere!"
Jet says: "I- I don't know what you're talking about!"
Aang says: "We need to find a way to jog his real memories."
Sokka says: "Maybe Katara should kiss him."
Sokka says: "That should bring something back!"
Katara says: "Maybe you should kiss him, Sokka!"
Sokka says: "Hey, just an idea!"
Aang says: "A bad one."
Sokka says: "Ooh, wait!"
Sokka says: "I've got it!"
Sokka plucks a straw from his mattress, pokes it into Jet's mouth in trademark fashion and regards him thoughtfully.
Jet says: "I don't think it's working."
Toph says: "Try to think of something from your past that triggers your emotions."
Smellerbee says: "The Fire Nation!"
Smellerbee says: "Remember what they did to your family!"
Katara says: "Close your eyes."
Katara says: "Picture it."
Jet closes his eyes, while sweat beads start to form on his forehead. His eyes suddenly snap wide open and he sees images of himself at a younger age watching his town burning down and Mongke looking back at him.
Jet says: "No!"
Jet says: "It's too painful!"
Katara says: "Maybe this will help."
Jet looks up from the floor and sees an image of Long Feng standing above a lake. Long Feng stares at Jet, and Jet sinks down under the lake into an underground room. He sees an image of a Dai Li agent shining a spinning light in his face.
Jet says: "They took me to a headquarters under the water."
Jet says: "Like a lake!"
Sokka says: "Wait!"
Sokka says: "Remember what Joo Dee said?"
Sokka says: "She said she went on vacation to Lake Laogai!"
Jet says: "That's it!"
Jet says: "Lake Laogai."
Fade to an aerial shot of Lake Laogai. The camera pans down to show Team Avatar, Jet, Longshot, and Smellerbee standing at the edge of the lake.
Sokka says: "So where's this secret headquarters?"
Jet says: "Under the water, I think."
Toph says: "There's a tunnel right there by the shore."
Toph points to the side and whistles as she walks to the edge of the shore. She uses her earthbending to bring up a slab of rock with an entrance. She moves the rock out the way with the same technique. They all look down at the tunnel and Momo flies away. Cut to them inside the secret headquarters. Jet checks to make sure the coast is clear and they walk down a long hallway.
Jet says: "It's all starting to come back to me!"
Jet walks past a room where a member of the Dai Li brainwashes a group of women.
Brainwasher says: "I'm Joo Dee."
Brainwasher says: "Welcome to Ba Sing Se."
Joo Dees says: "I'm Joo Dee."
Joo Dees says: "Welcome to Ba Sing Se."
Brainwasher says: "We're so lucky to have our walls to create order."
Joo Dees says: "We're so lucky to have our walls to create order."
Jet says: "I think there might be a cell big enough to hold Appa up ahead."
Jet says: "I think it's through here!"
Cut to Appa chained up as a door opens in his cell and Appa wakes up. Cut to Zuko standing at the door, disguised as the Blue Spirit.
Zuko says: "Expecting someone else?"
Jet opens the other door. An overhead shot reveals several Dai Li agents waiting on the ceiling. The door closes suddenly behind them. Lights turn on, revealing the agents.
Sokka says: "Now that's something different."
Long Feng says: "You have made yourselves enemies of the state."
Long Feng says: "Take them into custody."
The Dai Li agents jump off the ceiling and surround them. Two agents fire rock gloves, but Toph breaks them up and sends the two agents flying through the air with rock pillars. Jet runs toward the agents and breaks two other gloves fired by agents with his swords, and trips another. A full battle ensues. Aang deals with a pair of Dai Li agents. Sokka and Katara destroy two Dai Li gloves, but a second pair grabs them.
Toph saves them by creating a rock wall and she raises ground up. Toph knocks away the four Dai Li agents that attack her, but a glove captures her and Jet swings by to free her. The agent fires his other rock glove, and Longshot fires an arrow, which destroys the glove. Jet jumps in front of Longshot to hold off more of their rock attacks. Long Feng escapes.
Aang says: "Long Feng is escaping!"
Jet and Aang chase him. They head into another part of the headquarters with many pipes of all sizes sticking out of the walls, with some of them pouring out water, but are sealed in by Long Feng.
Long Feng says: "All right, Avatar, you've caused me enough problems."
Long Feng says: "This is your last chance..."
Long Feng says: "if you want your bison back."
Aang says: "You do have Appa!"
Aang says: "Tell me where he is!"
Long Feng says: "Agree to exit the city now, and I'll waive all charges against you and allow you to leave with your lost pet."
Jet says: "You're in no position to bargain."
Long Feng says: "Am I not?"
Aang says: "You're definitely not!"
Long Feng says: "Jet, the Earth King has invited you to Lake Laogai."
Jet says: "I am honored to accept his invitation."
Jet attacks Aang. Cut to Appa growling at the disguised Zuko. Appa tries to strike Zuko, but his chained feet hold him back.
Zuko says: "You're mine now."
The door opens and Zuko gets into a fighting stance. Iroh enters.
Zuko says: "Uncle?"
Iroh says: "So, the Blue Spirit."
Iroh says: "I wonder who could be behind that mask..."
Zuko says: "What are you doing here?"
Iroh says: "I was just about to ask you the same thing."
Iroh says: "What do you plan to do now that you've found the Avatar's bison?"
Iroh says: "Keep him locked in our new apartment?"
Iroh says: "Should I go put on a pot of tea for him?"
Zuko says: "First I have to get it out of here."
Iroh says: "This is exactly what happened when you captured the Avatar at the North Pole!"
Iroh says: "You had him, and then you had nowhere to go!"
Zuko says: "I would have figured something out!"
Iroh says: "No!"
Iroh says: "If his friends hadn't found you, you would have frozen to death!"
Zuko says: "I know my own destiny, Uncle!"
Iroh says: "Is it your own destiny, or is it a destiny someone else has tried to force on you?"
Zuko says: "Stop it, Uncle!"
Zuko says: "I have to do this!"
Iroh says: "I'm begging you, Prince Zuko!"
Iroh says: "It's time for you to look inward and begin asking yourself the big questions."
Iroh says: "Who are you, and what do you want?"
Zuko screams loudly, throwing down his swords and Blue Spirit mask. Cut to the brainwashed Jet continuing to swing at Aang.
Aang says: "Jet, it's me, Aang!"
Aang says: "You don't have to do this!"
Long Feng says: "I'm afraid he no longer has a choice."
Jet resumes his attempts at attacking Aang, who dodges them and uses airbending to knock him back. Jet uses his hook swords to stop himself and he pants heavily.
Aang says: "Jet, I'm your friend!"
Aang says: "Look inside your heart!"
Long Feng says: "Do your duty, Jet!"
Aang says: "He can't make you do this!"
Aang says: "You're a Freedom Fighter!"
At these final words, Jet straightens in shock. Everything goes white and he has a rapid flashback of his past as a Freedom Fighter, seeing Longshot, Smellerbee, Pipsqueak and the Duke, and him with Katara. The Freedom Fighters cheer fades to him with Smellerbee and Longshot, before showing him sitting down with Iroh and Zuko. Fade to him giving the passengers food, and quickly to him being dragged away by the Dai Li. Fade more rapidly to Jet's brainwashing, and to Long Feng on Lake Laogai. Cut to his burning village, to Iroh, to him with Zuko, to him with Katara, to him watching his burning village crying. Cut to him in a Fire Nation camp, to him with Katara, and to him being brainwashed. Cut back to him crying while watching his village burn as Mongke watches. The flashback ends and Jet's irises return to normal.
Long Feng says: "Do it!"
Long Feng says: "Do it now!"
Jet fires a sword at Long Feng, which misses. Long Feng counters with an uplifted rock which strikes Jet down. Aang runs toward Jet as Long Feng escapes through a pipe in the wall.
Jet says: "I'm sorry..."
Jet says: "Aang."
Aang says: "Don't be."
The rest of the group arrives, all struck with sorrow and shock as they gather around Jet. Katara stares open-mouthed at Jet, her hands hovering near her mouth in shock. Snapping out of it, she withdraws water from her water skin, with which she covers her hands, and it begins to glow as she kneels down next to him. Cut to a shot from over her shoulder, with Jet glancing at her while she rubs her hands over his chest in an attempt to heal him. After rubbing his chest three times, the glow fades, the water stains Jet's clothing, and Katara looks back over her shoulder toward the rest of the group.
Katara says: "This isn't good."
Smellerbee says: "You guys go and find Appa."
Smellerbee says: "We'll take care of Jet."
Katara says: "We're not going to leave you."
Longshot says: "There's no time."
Longshot says: "Just go."
Longshot says: "We'll take care of him."
Longshot says: "He's our leader."
They stare at Longshot in surprise.
Jet says: "Don't worry, Katara."
Jet says: "I'll be fine."
Katara closes her eyes in painful sadness and opens them again as she rises. Team Avatar begins to exit.
Toph says: "He's lying..."