The scene opens to a full moon in the sky. The camera pans down and shows Senlin Village during early morning hours. Cut to a view from among the houses, slowly zooming in on Aang who tries to get Appa to move, yanking on the reins, though the bison continually refuses and sits down.
Aang says: "So get your big butt off the ground and let's go!"
He jerks at the reins, stretching them out, but is flung to the ground when the ropes pull him back as Appa did not move a muscle. Cut to a forlorn looking Aang, sitting spread-legged on the ground.
Sokka says: "I think his big butt is trying to tell ya something."
Cut to a frontal shot of Appa as the camera swiftly pans to the right to reveal a collection of Senlin villagers, with Katara and Sokka standing in the front.
Katara says: "Neither can I."
Aang says: "I need to get to the Fire Temple before the sun sets on the solstice."
Aang says: "That's today!"
Aang airbends himself atop Appa's head. Close shot of him looking back with a sad expression on his face as he prepares to leave. As Appa stands up, the shot changes to a frontal view, and Katara and Sokka run to stand before the bison, preventing him from moving any further.
Katara says: "We're not letting you go into the Fire Nation, Aang."
Sokka says: "Ew!"
Senlin Village leader says: "It's a long journey to the Crescent Island."
Senlin Village leader says: "You'll have to fly fast to have any chance of making it before sundown."
Senlin Village leader says: "Good luck."
Senlin Village leader says: "Go!"
Appa takes off with Aang, Momo, Katara, and Sokka. Later that morning, the Senlin Village leader exits a building, but he stops in his track upon finding Zuko standing in his path. In the background, Iroh is sitting on a komodo rhino.
Zuko says: "Seen the Avatar lately?"
Day has come. Appa soars over the ocean. Aang, Katara, and Sokka all watch the ocean fearfully.
Aang says: "Come on boy, we've got a long way to go."
Aang says: "Faster!"
Iroh says: "Sailing into Fire Nation waters..."
Iroh says: "Of all the foolish things you've done in your sixteen years, Prince Zuko, this is the most foolish!"
Zuko says: "I have no choice, Uncle."
Iroh says: "What if you're caught?"
Zuko says: "I'm chasing the Avatar!"
Zuko says: "My father will understand why I am returning home!"
Iroh says: "You give him too much credit."
Iroh says: "My brother is not the understanding type!"
Zuko says: "There they are."
Zuko says: "Helmsman!"
Zuko says: "Full steam ahead!"
Katara says: "Aang."
Katara says: "We've got trouble!"
Sokka says: "Yeah!"
Sokka says: "And it's gaining, fast!"
A Fire Nation catapult is raised to the deck of Zuko's ship. It is loaded with a steaming projectile.
Iroh says: "Uh, really Prince Zuko, couldn't you shoot them down with something more fragrant?"
Zuko says: "On my mark!"
Zuko says: "Fire!"
A guard beside him slices the rope holding back the catapult. The flaming projectile races toward Appa.
Katara says: "Fireball!"
Aang says: "I'm on it!"
Katara says: "We have to get out of Zuko's range, before he shoots another hot stinker at us!"
Sokka says: "Can't you make Appa go any faster?"
Aang says: "Yeah."
Aang says: "But there's just one little problem."
Zuko says: "A blockade."
Birds-eye view of a two-row line of Fire Nation ships stretching across the ocean as far as the eye can see. Brief glimpse of numerous Fire Nation catapults prepared to fire.
Iroh says: "Technically you are still in Earth Kingdom waters."
Iroh says: "Turn back now and they cannot arrest you."
Aang says: "If we fly north, we can go around the Fire Nation ships and avoid the blockade!"
Aang says: "It's the only way."
Katara says: "There's no time!"
Aang says: "This is exactly why I didn't want you to come!"
Aang says: "It's too dangerous!"
Katara says: "And that's exactly why we're here."
Aang says: "Appa, yip-yip!"
Zuko says: "He's not turning around!"
Iroh says: "Please Prince Zuko!"
Iroh says: "If the Fire Nation captures you, there is nothing I can do!"
Iroh says: "Do not follow the Avatar."
Zuko says: "Run the blockade!"
Zhao says: "This must be my lucky day."
Captain says: "Commander Zhao."
Captain says: "What are your orders?"
Zhao says: "Shoot the bison down, captain."
Captain says: "But there's a Fire Navy ship out there, sir!"
Captain says: "One of our own!"
Captain says: "What if it's hit?"
Zhao says: "So be it."
Zhao says: "Ignite."
Zhao says: "Launch!"
The sky becomes littered with flaming fireballs fired from the blockade. View from Zuko's ship as the fireballs fill the sky. Close-up of a screaming Aang, Sokka, and Katara. Zoom out as Appa evades numerous fireballs, some exploding mid-air. Camera switch to forward view, close-up, as they fly through a blanket of fireballs. The team flies directly through one that exploded before them, Appa's fur darkened from the explosion. Katara, Sokka, and Momo all slap out embers on Appa's fur.
Aang says: "Appa, are you okay?"
On the ocean surface, Zuko's ship is narrowly missing many falling fireballs. Sheets of ocean water crash over the ship, and crew members run for safety. A single fireball explodes on the aft side of the vessel.
Engineer says: "Prince Zuko!"
Engineer says: "The engines are damaged!"
Engineer says: "We need to stop and make repairs!"
Zuko says: "Do not stop this ship."
Zhao says: "Launch!"
Close-up of Aang's view. Just over a cloud; fireballs burst through everywhere and smoke fills the screen. Aang, Katara, and Sokka scream and duck away, while Katara and Sokka grip Appa's saddle. Appa dodges many fireballs before two collide and explode in front of him. Sokka is thrown from the saddle and begins to plunge for the ocean, screaming anew.
Appa reaches Sokka just in time. Katara grabs his hand, pulling him back into saddle. Appa skims the ocean surface. A fish appears out of nowhere and slaps Sokka square in the face, knocking him into the saddle. Momo leaps up and grabs the fish as Appa continues his swift flight mere feet above the ocean. Fireballs crash into the water all around them.
Zhao says: "Ready..."
Close-up of Appa's view, approaching the ships. Camera switch once to Zhao, moving to prepare the signal. Back to Aang, a look of obstinate determination overcomes him.
Zhao says: "Fire!"
A single catapult launches a fire blast directly toward Appa. Close-up of Aang's eye as it snaps open, unafraid. Aang airbends forward off of Appa's head. He uses a powerful airbending kick, and the flaming boulder explodes in a large smoky blast. Aang falls back to Appa's head, Katara and Sokka grabbing him. Appa soars safely over the blockade, passing them.
Aang says: "We made it!"
Sokka says: "Great."
Captain says: "Where do you think the Avatar is headed, sir?"
Zhao says: "I'm not sure."
Zhao says: "But I bet a certain banished prince will know."
Scene switch to just overhead Zuko's ship. His small vessel approaches two ships in the blockade. These two ships sail opposite directions, in a moment they will close off Zuko's ship's path.
Iroh says: "We're on a collision course!"
Zuko says: "We can make it!"
Captain says: "The boarding party is ready to apprehend Prince Zuko, sir."
Zhao says: "Wait!"
Zhao says: "Cut the engines, and let them pass."
Captain says: "Sir?"
Each ship in the blockade halts, allowing Zuko's ship to glide by beneath their deck, untouched. Zhao stands high, sharing an interlocked gaze with the banished prince below. Zuko and Iroh look behind them in silence as they sail safely through. Iroh strokes his gray beard curiously.
The scene cuts back to Appa, flying among blue skies. Sokka and Katara sit up in the saddle, while Aang sits on Appa's head.
The scene changes to Sokka slumped in the back of the saddle. Katara is leaning her arms over the front of the saddle, and Aang is lounging against Appa's neck.
The sky has changed to a darker, sunset-filled evening. Appa is visibly tired. Aang is sprawled over Appa's head with Momo equally sprawled over Aang's head. Katara and Sokka have each collapsed into the saddle.
Appa is lying at the base of a stone bridge leading up to the island's mountain. The bridge ends at an elegant, multi-story Fire Temple. Lava is flowing beneath the bridge. The air is thick with steam. Aang stands by Appa's head, and Katara stands to Appa's side. Sokka is stretching further away.
Katara says: "Aww, you must be tired."
Katara says: "I was talking to Appa."
Scene cut to Katara, Sokka, Aang, and Momo walking along the stone bridge to approach a multi-story Fire Temple.
Sokka says: "I don't see any guards."
Katara says: "The Fire Nation must have abandoned the temple when Avatar Roku died."
Aang says: "It's almost sundown."
Aang says: "We better hurry!"
Sokka says: "Wait."
Sokka says: "I think I heard something."
Great Fire Sage says: "We are the Fire Sages."
Great Fire Sage says: "Guardians of the temple of the Avatar."
Aang says: "Great!"
Aang says: "I am the Avatar!"
Great Fire Sage says: "We know."
Aang says: "I'll hold them off."
Aang says: "Run!"
Aang leaps forward and spins his leg across the ground, sending a low air blade that sweeps the Fire Sages' legs out from beneath them, and they all fall to the ground. Aang flees after his friends.
Great Fire Sage says: "If the Avatar contacts Roku, there's no telling how powerful the boy will become!"
Great Fire Sage says: "Split up and find him."
Aang says: "Follow me!"
Sokka says: "Do you know where you're going?"
Shyu says: "Come back!"
The trio turns another corner and charges down the hallway. However, they reach a dead-end as Aang skids to an immediate halt. Turning around, they face Shyu, who raises a hand in peace.
Shyu says: "I don't want to fight you!"
Shyu says: "I am a friend."
Sokka says: "Firebenders aren't our friends!"
Shyu says: "I know why you're here, Avatar."
Aang says: "You do?"
Shyu says: "Yes."
Shyu says: "You wish to speak to Avatar Roku."
Shyu says: "I can take you to him."
Aang says: "How?"
Shyu says: "This way."
Great Fire Sage says: "Find him."
Shyu says: "Time is running out!"
Shyu says: "Quickly!"
Aang and Katara exchange a look with one another, asserting each other's belief to trust this firebender. The group enters the passage and descends the steps into the cave. Shyu enters behind them and closes the passageway.
Zuko says: "What's he up to, Uncle?"
Zuko says: "Why didn't Commander Zhao arrest me?"
Iroh says: "Because he wants to follow you."
Iroh says: "He knows you'll lead him to the prize you're both after: the Avatar."
Zuko says: "If Zhao wants to follow a trail of smoke, then that's exactly what I'll let him do."
Shyu says: "Avatar Roku once called this temple his home."
Shyu says: "He formed these secret passages out of the magma."
Aang says: "Did you know Avatar Roku?"
Shyu says: "No."
Shyu says: "But my grandfather knew him."
Shyu says: "Many generations of Fire Sages guarded this Fire Temple long before me."
Shyu says: "We all have a strong spiritual connection to this place."
Aang says: "Is that how you knew I was coming?"
Shyu says: "A few weeks ago, an amazing thing occurred."
Shyu says: "The statue of Avatar Roku; its eyes began to glow!"
Katara says: "That's when we were at the Air Temple."
Katara says: "Avatar Roku's eyes were glowing there, too!"
Shyu says: "At that moment, we knew you had returned to the world."
Aang says: "If this is the Avatar's temple, why did the sages attack me?"
Shyu says: "Things have changed."
Shyu says: "In the past, the sages were loyal only to the Avatar."
Shyu says: "When Roku died, the sages eagerly awaited for the next Avatar to return."
Shyu says: "But he never came."
Aang says: "They were waiting for me."
Shyu says: "They lost hope the Avatar would ever return."
Shyu says: "When Fire Lord Sozin began the War, my grandfather and the other sages were forced to follow him."
Shyu says: "I never wanted to serve the Fire Lord."
Shyu says: "When I learned you were coming, I knew I would have to betray the other sages."
Aang says: "Thank you for helping me."
Shyu says: "Once you're inside, wait for the light to hit Avatar Roku's statue."
Shyu says: "Only then will you be able to speak with him."
Slides back a secret tile and climbs into the outer sanctuary. Massive columns with dragon statues atop them line the room. An immense door is before them with a device holding five open-mouthed dragons.
Shyu says: "No!"
Aang says: "Shyu, what's wrong?"
Shyu says: "The sanctuary doors, they're closed!"
Katara says: "Can't you just open them with firebending?"
Katara says: "Like you opened that other door?"
Shyu says: "No."
Shyu says: "Only a fully realized Avatar is powerful enough to open this door alone."
Shyu says: "Otherwise, the sages must open this door together,  with five simultaneous fire blasts."
Sokka says: "I think I can help you out."
The scene switches to Zuko's smoke-billowing ship. Close-up to show a small vessel holding Zuko being slid into the waters.
Zuko says: "Uncle, keep heading north."
Zuko says: "Zhao will follow the smoke trail, while I use it as a cover."
Iroh grunts in doubt, stroking his beard in deep thought. Zuko's boat settles on the ocean's surface and disappears in the smoke. Switch to a telescope view of nothing but smoke. Zhao lowers telescope, staring with determination.
Switch to view of sanctuary door.
Sokka says: "ta-da!"
Sokka says: "Fake firebending!"
Katara says: "You've really outdone yourself this time, Sokka."
Shyu says: "This might actually work."
Shyu says: "The sages will hear the explosion, so as soon as they go off, you rush in!"
Katara says: "It's almost sunset."
Katara says: "Are you ready?"
Aang says: "Definitely."
Shyu thrusts his finger forward, sending a small flare racing across the door to light all five bags at once. Shyu hurries to take cover. There is an intense explosion, producing a lot of smoke. Aang bursts forward and runs for the door. Aang strains to open the door, which has not budged.
Aang says: "They're still locked!"
Aang says: "Why, won't, it, open?!"
Aang says: "!"
Katara says: "There's nothing else we can do..."
Aang says: "I'm sorry I put you through all of this for nothing."
Sokka says: "I don't get it."
Sokka says: "That firebending looked as strong as any firebending I've seen."
Katara says: "Sokka, you're a genius!"
Aang says: "Wait."
Aang says: "How is Sokka a genius?"
Aang says: "His plan didn't even work."
Sokka says: "Come on Aang."
Sokka says: "Let her dream."
Katara says: "You're right."
Katara says: "Sokka's plan didn't work."
Katara says: "But it looks like it did."
Shyu says: "Come quickly!"
Shyu says: "The Avatar has entered the sanctuary!"
Great Fire Sage says: "How did he get in?"
Shyu says: "I don't know."
Shyu says: "But look at the scorch marks!"
Shyu says: "And down there!"
Great Fire Sage says: "He's inside!"
Great Fire Sage says: "Open the doors, immediately!"
Great Fire Sage says: "Before he contacts Avatar Roku!"
Aang slides into position behind a nearby column as the five sages firebend the doors locks open. As the door opens, a sooty Momo is revealed sitting on the floor. Momo sneezes, blowing the soot off himself.
Great Fire Sage says: "It's the Avatar's lemur."
Great Fire Sage says: "He must have crawled through the pipes!"
Great Fire Sage says: "We've been tricked!"
Momo springs into action, leaping atop the Great Fire Sage's head and clinging to his hat. Katara charged forward, pulling a nearby sage's tunic over his head to blind him. Sokka grabs the lower skirt of a sage's outfit, lifting it completely over his body to cover his face.
Shyu says: "Now, Aang!"
Katara says: "Aang!"
Katara says: "Now's your chance!"
Zuko says: "Close the doors!"
Zuko says: "Quickly!"
Walking down steps, Aang glances over his shoulders to see Sokka and Katara being chained to a column. He breaks free, spinning behind Zuko to send him down the stairs with an airbending blast. Aang runs for Katara and Sokka.
Katara says: "Go!"
Aang listens without hesitation, turning to charge for the door guarded by two sages. He leaps into the air to avoid the Great Fire Sage's fire punch. Aang bounces off his hands from each of the two sage's heads before sailing through the door just as it closes.
Katara says: "He made it!"
Everyone looks away as the door seals with a blinding flash of white light. Inside, Aang is kneeling and looks up to a tall statue of Avatar Roku. A beam of red sunlight enters the room and strikes a glistening red jewel held by the statue.
Aang says: "The light hits the statue and I talk to Roku."
Aang says: "So why isn't anything happening?"
Zuko says: "Why isn't it working?"
Zuko says: "It's sealed shut!"
Great Fire Sage says: "It must have been the light."
Great Fire Sage says: "Avatar Roku doesn't want us inside."
Aang says: "Why isn't anything happening?"
Aang says: "I don't know what I'm doing!"
Aang says: "All I know is airbending!"
Aang says: "Please Avatar Roku, talk to me!"
Roku's statue turns red as sunlight engulfs it. Its eyes glow white. View of Aang as smoke fills the room. When the white smoke dissipates Avatar Roku is standing before him, they are on a mountaintop and only clouds are visible below.
Roku says: "It's good to see you Aang."
Roku says: "What took you so long?"
Zuko says: "Why did you help the Avatar?"
Shyu says: "Because it was once the sages' duty."
Shyu says: "It is still our duty."
Zhao says: "What a moving and heartfelt performance."
Zhao says: "I'm certain the Fire Lord will understand, when you explain why you betrayed him."
Great Fire Sage says: "Commander Zhao."
Zhao says: "And Prince Zuko."
Zhao says: "It was a noble effort, but your little smokescreen didn't work."
Zhao says: "Two traitors in one day, the Fire Lord will be pleased."
Zuko says: "You're too late, Zhao!"
Zuko says: "The Avatar's inside and the doors are sealed."
Zhao says: "No matter."
Roku says: "I have something very important to tell you, Aang."
Roku says: "That is why, when you were in the Spirit World, I sent my dragon to find you."
Aang says: "Is it about that vision?"
Aang says: "The one of the comet?"
Roku says: "Yes."
Aang says: "What does it mean?"
Roku says: "One hundred years ago,  Fire Lord Sozin used that comet to begin the War."
Roku says: "He and his firebending army harnessed its incredible power, and dealt a deadly first strike against the other nations."
Aang says: "So the comet made them stronger?"
Roku says: "Yes."
Roku says: "Stronger than you could even imagine."
Aang says: "But that happened a hundred years ago."
Aang says: "What does the comet have to do with the War now?"
Roku says: "Listen carefully."
Roku says: "If he succeeds, even the Avatar won't be able to restore balance to the world."
Roku says: "Aang."
Roku says: "You must defeat the Fire Lord, before the comet arrives."
Aang says: "But I haven't even started learning waterbending!"
Aang says: "Not to mention earth and fire!"
Roku says: "Mastering the elements takes years of discipline and practice."
Roku says: "But if the world is to survive, you must do it by summer's end."
Firebenders, including Zhao and his crew, circle around the door's perimeter, assuming a firebending form. A monk chant begins for the audience only. They wait patiently for the door to open.
Zhao says: "When those doors open,  unleash all your firepower!"
Katara says: "How's Aang gonna make it out of this?"
Sokka says: "How are we gonna make it out of this?"
Aang says: "What if I can't master all the elements in time?"
Aang says: "What if I fail?"
Roku says: "I know you can do it Aang."
Roku says: "The solstice is ending."
Roku says: "We must go our separate ways, for now."
Aang says: "But I won't be able to come back to the temple."
Aang says: "What if I have questions?"
Aang says: "How will I talk to you?"
Roku says: "I am a part of you."
Roku says: "When you need to talk to me again, you will find a way."
Roku says: "I can help you face the threat."
Roku says: "But only if you are ready."
Aang says: "I'm ready."
Scene switches to the guard surrounding the door. The door glows bright white once again. Smoke streams come through into the room. The door unlocks itself, beginning to open. As it opens, a blinding white light forces all present to look away.
Zhao says: "Ready..."
Katara says: "No!"
Katara says: "Aang!"
Zhao says: "Fire!"
The wall of fire amasses, circling its new host as Avatar Roku, eyes aglow, is revealed behind the flames, untouched. Close-up of a shocked and horror-stricken Zhao.
Shyu says: "Avatar Roku..."
Avatar Roku draws the circling fire together in one motion. He sends it forward in one powerful wave that sears the room, blasting the offenders off their feet and melting the chains binding Katara, Sokka, Shyu, and Zuko with precision. View of outside the temple as the blast destroys the outer wall. Close-up of ghostly Avatar Roku, turning his glowing glare upon the offending sages. The sages panic, all turning to run from his wrath.
Shyu says: "Avatar Roku is going to destroy the temple!"
Shyu says: "We have to get out of here!"
Katara says: "Not without Aang!"
Roku kneels into a forward strike, melting the floor with a molten firebending trail. He steadily lifts his hand, causing the stream of lava below to erupt into maddened explosions. The lava soars through the temple, tearing it apart. Zhao and his firebenders are shown fleeing for the temple's exit.
Katara and Sokka huddle together, arm-in-arm, behind a column. Sokka kneels over his sister, protecting her in a brotherly fashion. The destruction ceases momentarily as Roku lowers his hands, exhaling soundly. The solstice' beam of sunlight is shown leaving his statue; its eyes no longer glow. As this happens all smoke in the room draws in upon Avatar Roku, his form disappearing to leave behind a weary Aang.
Sokka says: "We got your back."
Aang says: "Thanks."
Aang says: "Where's Shyu?"
Katara says: "I don't know."
Visual of the temple as it begins to lean, due to the destruction caused. Aang, Katara and Sokka stare in horror upon seeing the stairwell leading to the exit filled with lava. They quickly turn to the only exit; the hole in the wall Roku had created. There is no escaping, as they are on the top level of the temple.
All three gasp in surprise as they notice Appa and Momo swiftly closing in. They run out of the temple, leaping into Appa's saddle. Scene of them flying away on Appa, gazing back at the destruction. Momo pops up wearing the Great Fire Sage's hat. Scene of Zhao watching the bison fly away.
Zhao says: "No Prince, no Avatar!"
Zhao says: "Apparently, the only thing I do have is five traitors!"
Great Fire Sage says: "But Commander!"
Great Fire Sage says: "Only Shyu helped the Avatar."
Zhao says: "Take them to the prison hold!"
The scene changes to show Zuko spying with his telescope toward Appa flying away. He lowers the telescope and sails off in his vessel.
Night time falls. Appa flies through the clouds. Scene from behind, a mourning Aang with his head hung. Katara and Sokka stand and approach their friend, kneeling behind him to support him. Katara puts her hand around Aang's shoulders.