Scene opens with the camera zoomed out showing Appa flying in above the mountains with a few viewable trees, carrying Aang, Katara, Sokka, and Momo.
Sokka says: "If we hit a bump, you'll go flying off."
Sokka says: "What's bugging you anyway?"
Aang says: "It's what Avatar Roku said."
Aang says: "I'm supposed to master all four elements before that comet arrives."
Sokka says: "Well, let's see."
Sokka says: "You pretty much mastered airbending and that only took you a hundred and twelve years."
Sokka says: "I'm sure you can master three more elements by next summer."
Aang says: "I haven't even started waterbending and we're still weeks away from the North Pole."
Aang says: "What am I gonna do?"
Katara says: "If you want, I can try to teach you some of the stuff I know."
Aang says: "You'd do that?"
Katara says: "We'll need to find a good source of water first."
Sokka says: "Maybe we can find a puddle for you to splash in."
Cuts to Aang, Katara, Sokka, and Momo standing in front of a large waterfall and river.
Sokka says: "Nice puddle."
Appa flies down into the river and creates a huge splash that soaks and almost knocks Momo of the rock he is standing on, turns over, and floats on his back.
Katara says: "Remember the reason we're here."
Sokka says: "Great."
Sokka says: "So what am I supposed to do?"
Aang says: "You could..."
Aang says: "clean the gunk out of Appa's toes."
Sokka says: "So, while you guys are playing in the water, I'm supposed to be hard at work picking mud out of a giant bison's feet?"
Aang says: "Mud and bugs!"
Sokka says: "Okay."
Scene changes to Zuko's ship in the ocean. On the deck, Zuko is practicing firebending with his  Lieutenant Lee when the boat turns and they are thrown to one side on their backs.
Zuko says: "Someone's changing our course."
Cuts to a crew member steering the ship at the top of the boat.
Iroh says: "Actually, someone did."
Iroh says: "I assure you, it is a matter of utmost importance, Prince Zuko."
Zuko says: "Is it something to do with the Avatar?"
Iroh says: "Even more urgent."
Zuko says: "Lotus tile?"
Iroh says: "For my Pai Sho game."
Iroh says: "Most people think the lotus tile insignificant, but it is essential for the unusual strategy that I employ."
Zuko says: "You've changed our course for a stupid lotus tile?"
Iroh says: "See, you, like most people, underestimate it's value."
Iroh says: "Just give me ten minutes to check the merchants at this port of call."
Iroh says: "I'm lucky to have such an understanding nephew."
The room fills with smoke of Zuko's outburst, clouding the scene from view.
Cut to a scene of a content Appa floating in the river while Sokka stands on his stomach and brushes in between his toes with the branch.
Sokka says: "Yeah, don't get too happy."
Sokka says: "You've got to do me next."
Shows Katara and Aang by the shore.
Katara says: "This is a pretty basic move, but it still took me months to perfect."
Katara says: "So don't get frustrated if you don't get it right away."
Katara says: "Just push and pull the water like this."
Katara says: "The key is getting the wrist movement right."
Katara says: "That's almost right."
Katara says: "If you keep practicing I'm sure eventually—"
Aang says: "Hey, I'm bending it already!"
Katara says: "Wow, I can't believe you got that so quickly."
Katara says: "It took me two months to learn that move."
Aang says: "Well, you had to figure it all on your own."
Aang says: "I'm lucky enough to have a great teacher."
Katara says: "Thanks."
Aang says: "So, what's next?"
Katara says: "This is a more difficult move."
Katara says: "I call it streaming the water."
Katara says: "Though the over-the-head flare was unnecessary."
Aang says: "Sorry."
Aang says: "Well, don't stop now!"
Aang says: "Keep 'em coming!"
Aang says: "So, like this?"
Aang says: "Looks like I got the hang of that move!"
Aang says: "What else do you got?"
Katara says: "That's enough practicing for today."
Aang says: "I'm sure we can find somewhere to replace all this stuff."
Sokka says: "My life was hard enough when you were just an airbender."
Cuts to Katara, Sokka, and Aang walking through the streets of a city market and port. Shows many armed men staring at the trio. Sokka and Katara look nervous while Aang looks around in wonder.
Sokka says: "We've got exactly three copper pieces left from the money that King Bumi gave us."
Sokka says: "Let's spend it wisely."
Aang says: "Uh, make that two copper pieces, Sokka."
Aang says: "I couldn't say no to this whistle!"
Sokka says: "See?"
Sokka says: "Even Momo thinks it's a piece of junk."
Katara says: "No offense Aang, but I'll hold the money from now on."
Cuts to the other side of the port where a man is talking in front of his boat docked in the water.
Oh says: "Oh!"
Oh says: "You there, I can see from your clothing that you're world-traveling types."
Oh says: "Perhaps I can interest you in some exotic curios?"
Aang says: "Sure!"
Aang says: "What are curios?"
Cuts to the inside of the boat where strange collectibles are lined up on shelves on the walls. Aang, Katara, and Sokka walk in.
Aang says: "Huh?"
Katara stares at an ornate monkey statue on one of the shelves eerily.
Aang says: "Momo's not for sale."
Shows Katara walking over to a shelf where a number of scrolls are kept. She grabs one with the waterbending symbol on it and opens it to see lines of waterbending diagrams and writing.
Katara says: "Check out these crazy moves."
Aang says: "Where did you get a waterbending scroll?"
Sokka says: "You guys are pirates!"
Oh says: "We prefer to think of ourselves as "high risk traders."
Cuts to Katara holding their two copper pieces next to Aang, with the captain on the other side of the counter they are leaning on.
Katara says: "So, how much for the, uh, traded scroll?"
Pirate captain says: "I've already got a buyer, a nobleman in the Earth Kingdom."
Pirate captain says: "Unless of course, you kids have two hundred gold pieces on you right now."
Pirate captain says: "The price is two hundred gold pieces."
Pirate captain says: "I don't haggle on items this rare."
Aang says: "Okay, two copper pieces!"
Pirate captain says: "It's not as amusing the second time, boy!"
Katara says: "Aang, can we get out of here?"
Katara says: "I feel like we're getting weird looks."
Aang says: "Aye, we be casting off now!"
Cuts back to outside, Aang, Katara, and Sokka are walking off the boat and back down the street.
Aang says: "What was that all about, Katara?"
Sokka says: "Yeah, I was just starting to browse through their boomerang collection."
Katara says: "I'll just feel a lot better once we get away from here."
Cuts back to the pirate ship. Oh is running across the deck looking for them.
Oh says: "Hey you!"
Oh says: "Get back here!"
Aang says: "Well, well."
Aang says: "Look who's come to their senses."
Aang says: "Told you the haggling would pay off."
Suddenly, the group of armed pirates jump out of the boat and run to Aang, Katara, and Sokka, whispering menacingly and swinging their weapons.
Oh says: "This way."
Oh says: "Let's cut 'em off!"
Cuts to peaceful scene of the cabbage merchant with his cart of cabbages in an alleyway. Sokka, Katara, and Aang run past him and almost knock his cart over. Aang sends a blast of wind that throws the cart into the group of pirates behind them.
Cabbage merchant says: "My cabbages!"
Cabbage merchant says: "This place is worse than Omashu!"
Group of pirates jump out of another street and chase Aang, Sokka, Katara, and Momo.
Pirate says: "I hope that lemur of yours has nine lives!"
Oh says: "Now, who gets to taste the steel of my blade first?"
Aang says: "No thanks."
Aang says: "Grab on tight!"
Katara says: "Aang!"
Katara says: "I thought we were running away from the pirates!"
Aang says: "Just hang on!"
Cuts back to their camp by the river, where Aang, Sokka, and Katara stand by the shore.
Aang says: "I used to kind of look up to pirates, but those guys are terrible."
Aang says: "No way!"
Katara says: "Isn't it great?"
Sokka says: "No wonder they were trying to hack us up!"
Sokka says: "You stole their waterbending scroll!"
Katara says: "I prefer to think of it as high risk trading."
Aang says: "Good one, Katara."
Katara says: "Sokka, where do you think they got it?"
Katara says: "They stole it from a waterbender!"
Sokka says: "It doesn't matter."
Sokka says: "You put all of our lives in danger just so you could learn some stupid, fancy splashes."
Katara says: "These are real waterbending forms."
Katara says: "You know how crucial it is for Aang to learn waterbending!"
Sokka says: "Whatever."
Aang says: "Well, what's done is done."
Aang says: "We have it, we might as well learn from it."
The scene cuts to show Zuko and Iroh standing in the market place.
Iroh says: "I've checked all the shops on this pier."
Iroh says: "Not a lotus tile in the entire marketplace."
Zuko says: "It's good to know this trip was a complete waste of time for everyone!"
Iroh says: "Quite the contrary."
Zuko says: "You bought a tsungi horn?"
Iroh says: "For music night on the ship."
Iroh says: "Now, if we only had some woodwinds."
Iroh says: "Oh, that is handsome!"
Iroh says: "Wouldn't it look magnificent in the galley?"
Oh says: "We lost the Water Tribe girl and the little bald monk she was traveling with."
The camera cuts show Katara looking at the scroll.
Katara says: "I just want to try this one move first and then it's all yours."
Katara says: "Ow!"
Sokka says: "Ha, ha, ha!"
Katara says: "What's so funny?"
Sokka says: "I'm sorry, but you deserved that."
Sokka says: "You've been duped; she's only interested in teaching herself."
Katara says: "Ugh, why can't I get this stupid move?"
Aang says: "You'll get it."
Aang says: "There, see, the key to bending is—"
Katara says: "Here, this is yours."
Katara says: "I don't want to have anything to do with it anymore."
Aang says: "It's okay Katara."
Sokka says: "What about Momo?"
Sokka says: "He's the real victim here."
Katara says: "I'm sorry, Momo."
Sokka says: "And what about me?"
Sokka says: "There was that time you—"
Katara says: "No more apologies!"
The camera fades to show a much smaller boat being launched out of Zuko's ship. The camera fades again to show the boat and the pirate ship sailing down a river.
Pirate captain says: "Shouldn't we stop to search the woods?"
Zuko says: "We don't need to stop."
Zuko says: "They stole a waterbending scroll, right?"
Pirate captain says: "Mm-hm."
Zuko says: "Then they'll be on the water."
The scene fades to show Katara, Sokka, and Aang sleeping by the campfire. Katara quietly takes the scroll and sneaks away from the camp. However, when she turns around she comes face-to-face with Momo, who starts chattering.
Zuko says: "I'll save you from the pirates."
The scene cuts to show Katara tied to a tree with Zuko standing in front of her.
Zuko says: "Tell me where he is and I won't hurt you or your brother."
Katara says: "Go jump in the river!"
Zuko says: "Try to understand."
Zuko says: "I need to capture him to restore something I've lost, my honor."
Katara says: "My mother's necklace!"
Katara says: "How did you get that?"
Zuko says: "I didn't steal it, if that's what you're wondering."
Zuko says: "Tell me where he is."
Katara says: "No!"
Pirate captain says: "Enough of this necklace garbage!"
Pirate captain says: "You promised a scroll!"
Zuko says: "I wonder how much this is worth..."
Zuko says: "A lot, apparently."
Zuko says: "Now you help me find what I want, you'll get this back, and everyone goes home happy."
Zuko says: "Search the woods for the boy and meet back here!"
Pirate captain says: "Fine."
The scene cuts to the campsite, where Sokka is waking up.
Sokka says: "I don't believe it."
Aang says: "What's wrong?"
Sokka says: "She took the scroll!"
Sokka says: "She's obsessed with that thing."
Pirate says: "I got him, come on!"
Sokka says: "Oh, what?"
Sokka says: "I'm not good enough to kidnap?"
Sokka says: "Ah!"
Cuts back to the place where Zuko and the pirates are gathered. The pirates are holding Aang and Sokka, who are tied up. Sokka is struggling with the ropes.
Zuko says: "Nice work."
Katara says: "Aang, this is all my fault."
Aang says: "No Katara, it isn't."
Iroh says: "Yeah, it kind of is."
Zuko says: "Give me the boy."
Pirate captain says: "You give us the scroll."
Sokka says: "You're really gonna hand over the Avatar for a stupid piece of parchment?"
Zuko says: "Don't listen to him, he's trying to turn us against each other!"
Pirate captain says: "Your friend is the Avatar?"
Sokka says: "Sure is, and I'll bet he'll fetch a lot more on the black market than that fancy scroll."
Zuko says: "Shut your mouth, you Water Tribe peasant!"
Aang says: "Yeah, Sokka, you really should shut your mouth."
Sokka says: "I'm just sayin' it's bad business sense."
Sokka says: "Think how much the Fire Lord would pay for the Avatar."
Sokka says: "You guys would be set for life."
Zuko says: "You'll regret breaking a deal with me."
Katara says: "Thanks, Momo."
Katara says: "I owe you a bushel of apples."
Sokka says: "Aang, are you there?"
Aang says: "I'm over here!"
Aang says: "Follow my voice!"
Sokka says: "Where?"
Sokka says: "I can't find you!"
Aang says: "I'm right here!"
Aang says: "Katara, you're okay!"
Katara says: "Help me get this boat back in the water so we can get outta here."
Sokka says: "We'd need a team of rhinos to budge this ship."
Aang says: "A team of rhinos, or two waterbenders."
Cuts to Aang and Katara pushing and pulling the water until the boat rises up.
Katara says: "Everybody in!"
Cuts to show Iroh breaking up the fight between the pirate captain and Zuko.
Iroh says: "Are you so busy fighting you cannot see your own ship has set sail?"
Zuko says: "We have no time for your proverbs, Uncle!"
Iroh says: "It's no proverb!"
Pirate captain says: "Bleeding hog monkeys!"
Iroh says: "Maybe it should be a proverb..."
Aang says: "Sokka, can't you make it go any faster?"
Sokka says: "I don't know how."
Sokka says: "This thing wasn't made by the Water Tribe!"
Several of the pirates jump onto the ship, but are quickly swept away by Aang's waterbending. Determined, Katara performs a perfect water whip to throw the last pirate off.
Aang says: "Hey, you did the water whip!"
Katara says: "I couldn't have done it without your help."
Sokka is shown being held in place by two pirates.
Sokka says: "Would you two quit congratulating each other and help me out?"
Momo is shown still being chased by the iguana parrot; he flies up to the top mast and entangles the bird in the ship's flag. Sokka is shown being thrown by one of the pirates.
Oh says: "That's good..."
Aang says: "Oh no..."
Oh comes up behind him with a knife, Aang turns and blows the bison whistle. Oh stands confused while Sokka comes up behind him and pushes him off the ship.
Sokka says: "Have you lost your mind?"
Sokka says: "This is no time for flute practice!"
Katara says: "We can stop the boat!"
Katara says: "Aang, together, push and pull the water!"
Katara says: "It's working, it's slowing down!"
Katara says: "We're doing it!"
Sokka says: "But we have another problem."
Together says: "Jump!"
Aang says: "I knew a bison whistle would come in handy!"
Aang says: "Thanks Appa."
Sokka says: "Yeah, we owe you one."
Zuko says: "My boat!"
Zuko snatches the lotus tile and furiously throws it down the waterfall.
Cuts back to Appa flying through the clouds.
Katara says: "Aang, I still owe you an apology."
Katara says: "You were just so good at waterbending without really trying."
Katara says: "I got so competitive that I put us all in danger, I'm sorry."
Aang says: "That's okay Katara."
Katara says: "Besides, who needs that stupid scroll anyway?"
Sokka says: "Is that really how you feel?"
Katara says: "The scroll!"
Sokka says: "First, what did you learn?"
Katara says: "Stealing is wrong."
Katara says: "Unless it's from pirates."
Aang says: "Good one, Katara."
Fades to credits.