The episode begins at Ozai's home on Ember Island. Cut to overhead shot of a courtyard where Aang and Zuko practice firebending using synchronized fire blasts. Cut to ground-level shot of the two as they create sweeping arcs of fire that dissipate into the ground. They each raise an arm and leg, sending forth streams of fire, before leaning forward and sending forth another stream of fire. Cut to closer shot of Aang and Zuko as they stand upright, assuming a final fighting stance before closing their eyes, relaxing their postures, and taking a deep breath. Toph and Katara are seen in the background, sitting on steps nearby. Zuko and Aang bow to one another, and the latter stretches his arms and walks away. Cut to Katara and Toph, who is lying down on the ground, relaxing.
Katara says: "Doesn't it seem kind of weird that we're hiding from the Fire Lord in his own house?"
Zuko says: "I told you,  my father hasn't come here since our family was actually happy."
Zuko says: "And that was a long time ago."
Zuko says: "It's the last place anyone would think to look for us."
Cut to wide-view of the courtyard from where Katara and Toph are sitting, their backs to the screen. Sokka and Suki enter on-screen from afar, Sokka holding a rolled-up piece of paper.
Sokka says: "You guys are not gonna believe this!"
Sokka says: "There's a play about us."
Katara says: "What?"
Katara says: "How is that possible?"
Sokka says: "Listen to this..."
Sokka says: "His sources include singing nomads, pirates, prisoners of war, and a surprisingly knowledgeable merchant of cabbage."
Suki says: ""Brought to you by the critically acclaimed Ember Island Players."
Zuko says: "Ugh!"
Zuko says: "My mother used to take us to see them."
Zuko says: "They butchered Love Amongst the Dragons every year!"
Katara says: "Sokka, do you really think it's a good idea for us to attend a play about ourselves?"
Fade to nighttime at the theater. Cut to inside the theater to show the stage and curtain. The camera zooms out to show the balcony as Toph, Katara, and Aang arrive, with Aang wearing a hat to cover his head tattoos. Toph and Katara sit down; Zuko sits next to Katara as Aang tries to sit next to her. Aang stands back up.
Aang says: "Hey, uh..."
Aang says: "I wanted to sit there."
Zuko says: "Just sit next to me."
Zuko says: "What's the big deal?"
Aang says: "I was just, I wanted to..."
Aang says: "okay."
Sokka and Suki sit in the row behind the rest of Team Avatar.
Toph says: "Why are we sitting in the nosebleed section?"
Toph says: "My feet can't see a thing from up here!"
Katara says: "Don't worry, I'll tell your feet what's happening."
The curtain rises to reveal a set representative of the South Pole seas. Actress Katara and Actor Sokka are rowing their boat along. Cut to Katara who looks thrilled to see herself onstage, and Sokka grabs her shoulder, pointing at her, himself, and the stage excitedly. Cut to shot of Actress Katara, an older, more robust woman wearing Water Tribe garments.
Actress Katara says: "Sokka, my only brother!"
Actress Katara says: "We constantly roam these icy South Pole seas, and yet never do we find anything fulfilling!"
Actor Sokka says: "All I want is a full feeling in my stomach!"
Actor Sokka says: "I'm starving!"
The audience laughs. Cut to Sokka and Katara as their faces fall; they look at each other, confused. Cut to angled shot of the stage.
Actress Katara says: "Is food the only thing on your mind?"
Toph says: "I think he's got you pegged!"
Cut to the team, Suki holding her hand over her mouth to suppress a laugh and Sokka looking over at Katara with an amused smile, while Toph and Zuko are enjoying the play.
Katara says: "Well, that's just silly."
Katara says: "I don't sound like that."
Toph says: "Oh man!"
Toph says: "This writer's a genius!"
Cut to Actress Katara still slumped over the side of the canoe. An iridescent light suddenly appears from above and she turns her head upward, shocked. Cut to shot of the stage where a model iceberg can be seen, the vague shadow of a figure visible from behind. The two actors stand up in the canoe.
Actress Katara says: "It appears to be someone frozen in ice, perhaps for a hundred years."
Actor Sokka says: "But who?"
Actor Sokka says: "Who is the boy in the iceberg?"
Cut to Aang who smiles and leans forward in his seat. Cut to close-up of the model iceberg where Actress Katara stands before the silhouetted figure, Actor Sokka hosting himself onto the prop.
Actress Katara says: "Waterbend!"
Actress Katara says: "Hi-yah!"
She performs a karate chop, mimicking waterbending. The silhouette disappears from view and the prop splits in half, sending forth a jet of steam. An actress, meant to portray Aang, leaps up on screen and poses, winking and with one hand on hip. The actress is visibly wearing a flesh-colored cap over her hair to portray herself as bald; the cap also bears the airbending mastery tattoo. She wears an excessive amount of blush on her cheeks and her overall physiognomy and demeanor clearly display her femininity.
Cut to shot of the actual Aang who momentarily closes his eyes and cringes in disbelief before leaning forward over the railing even more, eyes bugging out. Cuts back to the actors on stage.
Actress Katara says: "Who are you, frozen boy?"
Aang says: "Wait, is that a woman playing me?"
A crude, costumed-version of Appa suddenly bursts up from behind the trio of actors; loud festival music previously heard in the episode "Avatar Day" is presently played. The replica of Appa sways from side to side before leaping off the iceberg prop. Cut to a wide shot of the stage as the three actors wearing the bison costume, only their legs visible, land to the right of the stage, run across to the left side, and finally behind the iceberg prop.
Actor Sokka says: "My stomach is so empty, that it's making me tearbend!"
Cut back to shot of the trio, Actress Aang now sitting down, her legs dangling over the edge of the iceberg prop. Both Actress Katara and Actor Sokka are kneeling down.
Actor Sokka says: "Ooh, where, where?"
Cut to stage where the trio of actors and iceberg prop are no longer present; the scene continues to depict the South Pole seas. A model Fire Nation ship prop glides onto stage from the left; a man portraying Prince Zuko stands at the bow of the ship, garbed in Zuko's outfit from Book One and peering through a telescope. The actor portraying Iroh stands at the helm.
Cut to shot of Actor Iroh, a very rotund, round-faced man sporting a slightly exaggerated imitation of the real Iroh's hairstyle, complete with a top-knot, beard, and sideburns.
Cut to Actor Zuko looking through the telescope. He wears a headpiece that sports the ponytail Zuko once wore, albeit slightly exaggerated, and Zuko's scar; the replicated scar, while realistic, is worn over the wrong eye.
Actor Zuko says: "You sicken me!"
Cut to shot of Katara and Zuko in their seats, both with their arms crossed. Zuko appears displeased with his character portrayal while Katara looks at him with a smug smile.
Zuko says: "They make me look totally stiff and humorless."
Katara says: "Actually, I think that actor's pretty spot on."
Zuko says: "How could you say that?"
Cut to the bow of the model ship where Actor Zuko has resumed peering through his telescope. Actor Iroh stands behind him.
Actor Iroh says: "Let's forget about the Avatar and get massages!"
Actor Zuko says: "How could you say that?!"
Actor Zuko says: "!"
Cut to Katara and Zuko; the former continues to smile smugly as the latter slumps down in his seat, defeated and dismayed to find her claim accurate.
Fade to a background drawing of the Southern Air Temple. The camera pans down to show Actress Aang searching, and finds a tail behind a bush prop.
Actress Aang says: "Hey look, I think I found something!"
Aang says: "Ugh."
Cut to Actress Suki, holding up two fans. She lifts them up. Actor Sokka enters in the Kyoshi Warriors' uniform.
Actor Sokka says: "Does this dress make my butt look fat?"
Audience laughs, as does Suki. Sokka gives her an embarrassed look.
Cut to Actor Bumi with an Omashu background.
Actress Aang dodges a swaying rock while a goat gorilla chases Actor Sokka across stage. Actress Katara stands amidst a jennamite prop.
Actress Katara says: "Ugh!"
Actress Katara says: "Oh!"
Katara gives a disgusted look and sticks out her tongue. Cut to the stage with a pirate ship background with the Team Avatar players in center stage. The pirates enter the stage from both side holding weapons in the air and attack them. The Team Avatar players slip away, with Actress Katara holding a large scroll. They tiptoe off stage.
Actor Sokka says: "Why did you have to steal that waterbending scroll?"
Cut to a stage hand holding a sheet of metal, which he shakes to make a sound effect. Cut to the stage to show Actress Aang tied to a platform guarded by six Fire Nation soldiers. Actor Zuko stands in front of the platform.
Actor Zuko says: "The Avatar is mine!"
Actor Zuko says: "Wait, who's coming?"
Blue Spirit says: "I'm the Blue Spirit, the scourge of the Fire Nation, here to save the Avatar!"
The Blue Spirit walks across the stage waving his swords. The guards fall down and Actor Zuko runs around the platform and throws a blue strip of paper to symbolize firebending. The Blue Spirit points a sword at Actor Zuko, who runs away.
Actress Aang says: "My hero!"
Blue Spirit walks off stage. Zuko and Aang frown, giving each other an embarrassed look.
Fade to a stagehand using a crank to lower the actors. Actress Katara and Actor Jet appear on a small rope platform. Actress Katara cries.
Actor Jet says: "Don't cry, baby!"
Actor Jet says: "Jet will wipe out that nasty town for you!"
A large blue banner pulled by a stagehand dressed in black crosses the stage. Actress Katara and Actor Jet ascend on their platform.
Actress Katara says: "Oh Jet, you're so bad."
Both exit. Katara appears embarrassed. Toph laughs.
Fade to the team traveling on a large Appa prop with mountains painted in the background.
Actress Aang says: "Look!"
Actress Aang says: "It's the Great Divide!"
Actress Aang says: "The biggest canyon in the Earth Kingdom!"
Actor Sokka says: "Eh, let's keep flying."
Cut to a stagehand dropping a bag of fake snow on stage in one spot. Cut to Actor Sokka and Actress Yue with a Northern Water Tribe background painting.
Actor Sokka says: "Don't go, Yue!"
Actor Sokka says: "You're the only woman who has taken my mind off of food!"
Actor Sokka says: "Wait, did you have pickled fish for dinner?"
Actress Yue says: "Goodbye, Sokka!"
Actress Yue says: "I have important moon duties to take care of!"
Actress Yue says: "And yes, I did have pickled fish!"
Suki says: "You never told me you made out with a Moon Spirit."
Cut to miniature Fire Nation ships being pulled across the stage by ropes. Actress Aang, wearing a Koizilla costume, stomps on them. She waves a doll of Zhao.
Curtain drops. The audience cheers and Toph laughs. All the other members of Team Avatar appear disgusted. Zuko puts on his hood.
Aang says: "Ugh!"
Cut to outside the theater. The camera pans to Team Avatar sitting on a flight of stairs during intermission.
Zuko says: "So far, this intermission is the best part of the play."
Sokka says: "Apparently, the playwright thinks I'm an idiot who tells bad jokes about meat all the time!"
Suki says: "Yeah, you tell bad jokes about plenty of other topics."
Sokka says: "I know!"
Aang says: "That woman playing the Avatar doesn't resemble me at all!"
Toph says: "I don't know, you are more in touch with your feminine side than most guys."
Aang says: "Argh!"
Katara says: "Relax, Aang."
Katara says: "They're not accurate portrayals."
Katara says: "It's not like I'm a preachy crybaby who can't resist giving overemotional speeches about hope all the time."
Katara says: "What?"
Aang says: "Yeah, that's not you at all."
Toph says: "Listen friends, it's obvious that the playwright did his research."
Toph says: "I know it must hurt, but what you're seeing up there on that stage is the truth."
Fade to a painted background with Earth Kingdom buildings. The Team Avatar players stand next to a large rock.
Actress Katara says: "Well, here we are in the Earth Kingdom!"
Toph says: "This is it, this must be where I come in!"
Actress Aang flies around the theater, over the audience, and returns to the stage.
Actress Aang says: "I flew all over town, but I couldn't find a single earthbending master!"
Toph says: "Here it comes..."
Aang, Sokka, Suki, and Katara laugh. Zuko looks up from a piece of paper and stunned, drops the paper. And Toph is still looking eager.
Actress Aang says: "Who are you?"
Toph says: "Wait a minute,  I sound like a guy."
Toph says: "A really buff guy."
Katara says: "Well Toph, what you hear up there is the truth."
Katara says: "It hurts, doesn't it?"
Toph says: "Are you kidding me?"
Toph says: "I wouldn't have cast it any other way!"
Actress Aang says: "So, you're blind?"
Cut to a stagehand operating a light. The shot changes to show the Actors Zuko and Iroh.
Actor Iroh says: "Zuko, it's time we had a talk..."
Actor Iroh says: "about your hair, it's gone too far!"
Actor Zuko says: "Maybe it's best if we..."
Actor Zuko says: "split..."
Actor Zuko says: "up!"
Cut to the Team Avatar players and Actors Zuko and Iroh cornering Actress Azula.
Actor Zuko says: "Azula, my sister, what are you doing here?"
Actress Azula says: "You caught me."
Actress Azula says: "Wait, what's that?"
Actress Azula says: "I think it's your honor!"
Actor Zuko says: "Where?"
Actress Katara says: "She escaped, but how?"
Fade to a stagehand sitting on a stool while he rotates a lever. Shot changes to show the a large drill prop which Actress Azula stands on while it drills through a wall that Actress Aang attempts stands on. One stagehands dressed in black clothing shakes the wall while another waves smoke onto the stage.
Actress Aang says: "If she continues drilling, this wall will come down for sure!"
A stagehand offers Actress Aang a rock prop, which she throws at Actress Azula.
Actress Azula says: "Haha, yes!"
Actress Azula says: "Continue drilling!"
Actress Azula says: "The city of Ba Sing Se can hide no longer!"
Actress Aang throws two more rock props at Azula. The shot changes to show members of the audience yawning and falling asleep.
Cut to Actor Jet jumping in front of the camera. He wears googly eyes and waves his hook hands around. Camera zooms out to show the Team Avatar players surrounding Actor Jet.
Actress Aang says: "No, Jet!"
Actress Aang says: "What did they do to you?"
Actor Jet says: "Must..."
Actor Jet says: "serve..."
Actor Jet says: "Earth King!"
Actor Jet says: "Must..."
Actor Jet says: "destroy!"
A stage hand is seen throws a hollow rock prop which floats down. Actor Jet falls down so that he lands underneath the prop and crawls all the way under.
Zuko says: "Did Jet just..."
Zuko says: "die?"
Sokka says: "You know, it was really unclear."
Fade to Actress Katara with the stage background painted as the Crystal Catacombs.
Actress Katara says: "I have to admit Prince Zuko, I really find you attractive!"
Actor Zuko says: "You don't have to make fun of me."
Actress Katara says: "But I mean it!"
Cut to Actor Zuko standing between Actor Azula, who has a Fire Nation flag behind her, and Actor Iroh, who has an Earth Kingdom flag behind him. A light shines on Actor Zuko.
Actress Azula says: "Well, my brother, what's it going to be?"
Actress Azula says: "Your nation, or a life of treachery?"
Actor Zuko walks toward Actor Iroh.
Actress Azula says: "No way!"
Actor Zuko says: "I hate you, Uncle!"
Actor Zuko says: "You smell, and I hate you for all time!"
The Earth Kingdom flag falls on Actor Iroh as Actress Azula and Actor Iroh exit.
Katara says: "You didn't really say that, did you?"
Zuko says: "I might as well have."
Cut to Actress Mai, who pulls a sword out of her hair and gives it to a ninja, who takes a guard away. The shot changes to show the stage is set up to resemble the Earth King's throne room. Actress Ty Lee jumps to the other guard, kisses her finger and touches the guard's shoulder, causing him to fall over. Actress Azula jumps behind Actress Ty Lee and they pose. The audience applauds. Actress Aang jumps in from behind the set.
Actress Aang says: "Avatar State, yip yip!"
The stage light shines on Actress Aang, causing her tattoos to glow. A stagehand runs across the stage and ties a rope to Actress Aang. Actress Aang closes her eyes, and her eyelids glow too while the rope lifts her into the air. Actress Azula jumps on stage from behind the smoke.
Actress Azula says: "Not if my lightning can help it!"
Actress Aang peeks from behind her closed eye and grabs blue streamer, shaking and screaming in feigned pain. The audience looks at the scene in shock. Actress Aang's limp body is slowly lowered to the stage. Actresses Ty Lee and Mai pose on both sides of Actress Azula, who stands in front of Actress Aang.
Actress Azula says: "The Avatar is no more!"
Audience applauds loudly, while Team Avatar again gives disgusted looks.
Fade to outside the theater, where everyone except Aang is present for the second intermission.
Suki says: "It seems like every time there's a big battle, you guys barely make it out alive."
Suki says: "I mean, you guys lose a lot!"
Sokka says: "You're one to talk, Suki."
Sokka says: "Didn't Azula take you captive?"
Sokka says: "That's right, she did!"
Suki says: "Are you trying to get on my bad side?"
Sokka says: "I'm just saying..."
Katara says: "Does anyone know where Aang is?"
Sokka says: "He left to get me fire gummies, like, ten minutes ago."
Sokka says: "And I'm still waiting!"
Katara says: "I'm gonna check outside."
Cut to Aang standing alone on a balcony. Katara enters and walks up to him.
Katara says: "Are you all right?"
Katara says: "I know it's upsetting, but it sounds like you're overreacting."
Aang says: "Overreacting?"
Aang says: "If I hadn't blocked my chakra, I'd probably be in the Avatar State right now!"
Cut to the rest of Team Avatar inside the building. A kid wearing an Aang costume runs by.
Sokka says: "Suki, what are the chances you can get me backstage?"
Sokka says: "I got some jokes I want to give to the actor me."
Toph says: "Geez, everyone's getting so upset about their characters."
Toph says: "Even you seem more down than usual, and that's saying something!"
Zuko says: "You don't get it, it's different for you."
Zuko says: "You get a muscly version of yourself, taking down ten bad guys at once, and making sassy remarks."
Toph says: "Yeah, that's pretty great!"
Zuko says: "But for me, it takes all the mistakes I've made in my life, and shoves them back in my face."
Zuko says: "My uncle, he's always been on my side, even when things were bad."
Zuko says: "He was there for me, he taught me so much, and how do I repay him?"
Zuko says: "With a knife in his back."
Zuko says: "It's my greatest regret, and I may never get to redeem myself."
Toph says: "You have redeemed yourself to your uncle."
Toph says: "You don't realize it, but you already have."
Zuko says: "How do you know?"
Toph says: "Because I once had a long conversation with the guy, and all he would talk about was you."
Zuko says: "Really?"
Toph says: "Yeah, and it was kind of annoying."
Zuko says: "Oh, sorry."
Toph says: "But it was also very sweet."
Toph says: "All your uncle wanted was for you to find your own path, and see the light."
Toph says: "Now you're here with us."
Toph says: "He'd be proud."
Zuko says: "Ow!"
Zuko says: "What was that for?"
Toph says: "That's how I show affection."
The same boy with the Aang costume comes by and sees Zuko.
Young boy says: "Your Zuko costume's pretty good, but your scar's on the wrong side."
Zuko says: "The scar's not on the wrong side!"
Cut to backstage as the actors talk with each other and prepare their costumes. Sokka and Suki peek backstage and spot Actor Sokka.
Suki says: "He's coming this way!"
Sokka jumps out in front of Actor Sokka.
Actor Sokka says: "Can I help you?"
Sokka says: "Actually, I think I can help you."
Sokka says: "I'm a big Sokka fan, but I don't think you're representing him quite as well as you could be."
Actor Sokka says: "Aww no, another fan with ideas."
Sokka says: "What does the cabbage merchant use to fix his cabbages?"
Sokka says: "A cabbage patch!"
Suki gives herself a face palm in the background.
Actor Sokka says: ""A rocky relationship"..."
Actor Sokka says: "not bad!"
Actor Sokka says: "Who are you, anyway?"
Sokka says: "I'm just a guy who likes comedy."
Cut to the full moon. The shot changes to show Katara and Aang alone on the balcony.
Aang says: "Katara, did you really mean what you said in there?"
Katara says: "In where?"
Katara says: "What are you talking about?"
Aang says: "On stage, when you said I was just like a..."
Aang says: "brother to you, and you didn't have feelings for me."
Katara says: "I didn't say that."
Katara says: "An actor said that."
Aang says: "But it's true, isn't it?"
Aang says: "We kissed at the Invasion, and I thought we were gonna be together."
Aang says: "But we're not."
Katara says: "Aang, I don't know."
Aang says: "Why don't you know?"
Katara says: "Because, we're in the middle of a war, and, we have other things to worry about."
Katara says: "This isn't the right time."
Aang says: "Well, when is the right time?"
Katara says: "Aang, I'm sorry, but right now I'm just a little confused."
Aang tries to kiss Katara.
Katara says: "I just said I was confused!"
Katara says: "I'm going inside."
Aang says: "Ugh, I'm such an idiot!"
Fade to back inside the theater. Aang returns to the rest of the group and sits in the back row with Suki and Sokka.
Sokka says: "Here's what you missed..."
Sokka says: "we went to the Fire Nation, and you got better, and Katara was the Painted Lady, and I got a sword, and I think Combustion Man died."
Sokka says: "Oh, look, the Invasion's about to start!"
Sokka says: "Shhh!"
Cut to Actresses Katara and Aang standing on one of the submarines.
Actress Katara says: "I just wanted to let you know, Aang, that I'll always love you."
Actress Katara says: "Like a brother."
Actress Aang says: "I wouldn't want it any other way!"
The two shake hands. Actress Aang opens his miniature glider and flies up via a rope. Actress Katara waves. Aang curls up and uses his hat to cover his face. Actress Katara and Actors Toph and Sokka looking around on top of the submarine.
Actor Sokka says: "Hey Toph, would you say you and Aang have a "rocky relationship"?"
Sokka says: "I told him to say that!"
Actor Sokka says: "I hope everyone's ready for the Invasion!"
Actor Sokka says: "Slap-a-pow!"
The curtain rises, two stagehands clad in black finish pushing the Royal Palace prop and run off stage. Actress Katara and Actors Toph and Sokka enter from the sides of the stage, while Actress Aang is dropped in from above the stage.
Actress Aang says: "We finally made it to the Royal Palace, but no one's home!"
Enter Actor Zuko, stage right and Actor Sokka raises his boomerang.
Actor Zuko says: "Actually, I'm home, and I want to join you!"
Sokka says: "I guess that's it."
Sokka says: "The play's caught up to the present now."
Suki says: "Wait, the play's not over!"
Sokka says: "this is the future."
Cut to Actor Ozai on stage. The shot changes to show him standing on the Royal Palace prop. An orange lantern held by a small cable with paper flames slowly moves across the stage.
Actor Ozai says: "With the energy harnessed from that comet, no one will be able to stop..."
Actor Ozai says: "the Fire Nation!"
Actress Azula enters.
Actress Azula says: "Father, Zuko and the Avatar are at the Palace."
Actress Azula says: "They're trying to stop you!"
Actor Ozai says: "You take care of Zuko."
Actor Ozai says: "I shall face the Avatar myself!"
Actor Zuko jumps on stage and a rope lowers Actress Aang on stage as he holds his miniature glider prop.
Actor Zuko says: "Aang!"
Actor Zuko says: "You find the Fire Lord, I'll hold her off!"
The cable lifts Actress Aang off stage.
Actress Azula says: "You are no longer my brother."
Actress Azula says: "You are an enemy!"
Actor Zuko says: "No!"
Actor Zuko says: "I am the rightful heir to the throne!"
Actress Azula says: "We'll see!"
Actress Azula pulls out her blue streamer and snaps it at Zuko who ducks out of the way. Actor Zuko holds two red streamers and jumps to the other side of Actress Azula. He throws his two red streamers at her and Actress Azula jumps over him. Actress Azula raises her hand not holding the blue streamer. Five red paper resembling flames shot from the ground starting at Actress Azula, the last one covering Actor Zuko so that only his silhouette can be seen.
Actor Zuko says: "Honor!"
Actress Azula bows. The audience cheers. Zuko looks worried and the rest of Team Avatar looks at him. The shot changes to show the stage, which has small paper flames fluttering upstage. Actress Aang walks across the stage and looks around while Actor Ozai sits on his throne beneath the Sozin's Comet prop.
Actor Ozai says: "So, you have mastered all four elements?"
Actress Aang says: "Yeah, and now you're going down!"
Actor Ozai says: "No!"
Actor Ozai says: "It is you who are going down!"
Actor Ozai says: "and I'm unstoppable!"
Actor Ozai wields two red streamers. He attacks Actress Aang, who jumps out of the way. Actress Aang opens her glider, which now has two small blue banners pop out. She twirls the weapon. Actor Ozai circles his streamers while Actress Aang jumps over him with the help of a rope. She tries to get close to Actor Ozai, but Actor Ozai makes her back away using his red streamers. Actress Aang jumps over Actor Ozai, who fires a constant stream of red streamers at her. When Actress Aang lands, Actor Ozai sends a large red sheet painted as fire at her. A black clad stagehand lets go of the prop and runs away.
Actress Azula says: "It is over, Father."
Actress Azula says: "We've done it!"
Actor Ozai says: "Yes!"
Actor Ozai says: "We have done it!"
Actor Ozai says: "The dreams of my father,  The world..."
Actor Ozai says: "is..."
Actor Ozai says: "mine!"
The audience, except Team Avatar, cheers loudly and gives a standing ovation. Team Avatar is noticeably concerned by the events.
Fade to outside the theater, as Team Avatar is walking away, all of them showing annoyed looks.
Zuko says: "That..."
Zuko says: "wasn't a good play."
Aang says: "I'll say."
Katara says: "No kidding."
Suki says: "Horrible."
Toph says: "You said it."
Sokka says: "But the effects were decent."
Fade to credits.