The scene opens up in a forest. Katara and Aang are on a raised, grassy plateau. A gentle stream is running out beneath it. Katara is folding one of their sleeping blankets. Aang is lying on the root of a tree. Momo screeches and lands on the plateau as Sokka approaches.
Aang says: "Great, you're back!"
Aang leaps off the root with his airbending, landing beside the Water Tribe siblings as Sokka digs in his bag.
Aang says: "What's for dinner?"
Katara says: "Seriously..."
Katara says: "what else you got?"
Momo coos, and sniffs the rock-shaped nut, before taking it with one of his paws and slapping it against a stone twice. Attempting to break it, he takes it with both paws and slams it down on the big rock. The moment he does so, however, the entire earth quakes, making Momo shriek and his hair stand up on end.
Sokka says: "What was that?"
Momo, believing he may have caused the quake, cautiously drops the rock to the ground in test. The quake returns, causing Momo to leap away.
Aang says: "It's coming from over there!"
Sokka says: "Shouldn't we run away from huge booms?"
Sokka says: "Not toward them?"
The three, joined by Momo, hide behind a fallen tree and spy on a young boy bending boulders into the air and punching them into the side of the ravine.
Katara says: "An earthbender!"
Aang says: "Let's go meet him!"
Sokka says: "He looks dangerous, so we better approach cautiously."
Katara says: "Hello there!"
Katara says: "I'm Katara!"
Katara says: "What's your name?"
The young boy gasps in surprise, dropping the boulder he was bending to the ground. He flees quickly, bringing down an avalanche of boulders with his bending to block his exit.
Aang says: "Nice to meet you!"
Katara says: "I just wanted to say hi."
Aang says: "Hey!"
Aang says: "That guy's gotta be running somewhere."
Aang says: "Maybe we're near a village?"
Aang says: "And I bet that village has a market!"
Katara says: "Which means no nuts for dinner!"
Katara and Sokka stroll through the mining village's streets while Aang speaks with a shopkeeper under a terrace.
Aang says: "Great hat!"
Aang says: "I'll trade you some nuts for it."
Katara says: "Hey..."
The boy enters into the dark, wooden building and approaches a woman.
Haru says: "Hi, Mom."
Haru's mother says: "Where have you been, Haru?"
Haru's mother says: "You're late!"
Haru's mother says: "Get started on your chores."
Katara says: "Hey."
Katara says: "You're that kid."
Katara says: "Why did you run away before?"
Haru says: "Uh, you must have me confused with some other kid."
Aang says: "No, she doesn't."
Aang says: "We saw you earthbending."
Haru and his mother gasps in horror at his secret being revealed and both the door and window to the small shop are promptly slammed shut.
Haru's mother says: "They saw you doing what?!"
Haru's mother says: "!"
Haru says: "They're crazy, Mom!"
Haru says: "I mean, look at how they're dressed."
Aang gazes to his conical hat, shifting it about in confusion. Katara awkwardly grasps at her dress, looking with astonishment at herself. Sokka quirks an eyebrow and smooths out his sleeve.
Haru's mother says: "You know how dangerous that is!"
Haru's mother says: "You know what would happen if they caught you earthbending!"
Tax collector says: "Open up!"
Sokka says: "Fire Nation!"
Sokka says: "Act natural!"
Haru's mother opens the door, allowing the Fire Nation tax collector to walk inside. He stares awkwardly at the four children in front of him. Haru grasps his chin and stares toward Katara, cross-eyed. Sokka eyeballs an apple. Katara hunches forward with her eyes wide open, having stuffed her mouth with berries. Aang has his hand atop a barrel, beaming an immense toothy smile. His pose is short-lived as the barrel's lid spins, dunking Aang's hand into the barrel of water and causes him to fall down.
Haru's mother says: "What do you want?"
Haru's mother says: "I've already paid you this week!"
Tax collector says: "The tax just doubled."
Tax collector says: "Fire is sometimes so hard to control."
Haru's mother and the tax collector approach the store's counter, where she opens a small chest and passes a meager handful of Earth Kingdom currency to the tax collector. Haru leans against the counter, staring with contempt toward the Fire Nation man.
Tax collector says: "You can keep the copper ones."
Sokka says: "Nice guy."
Sokka says: "How long has the Fire Nation been here?"
Haru's mother says: "Five years."
Haru's mother says: "Fire Lord Ozai uses our town's coal mines to fuel his ships."
Haru says: "They're thugs."
Haru says: "They steal from us."
Haru says: "And everyone here's too much of a coward to do anything about it."
Haru's mother says: "Quiet, Haru!"
Haru's mother says: "Don't talk like that."
Katara says: "But, Haru's an earthbender?"
Katara says: "He can help!"
Haru's mother says: "Earthbending is forbidden."
Haru's mother says: "It's caused nothing but misery for this village!"
Haru's mother says: "He must never use his abilities."
Katara says: "How can you say that?"
Katara says: "Haru has a gift!"
Katara says: "Asking him not to earthbend is like asking me not to waterbend."
Katara says: "It's a part of who we are."
Haru's mother says: "You don't understand."
Katara says: "I understand that Haru can help you fight back."
Katara says: "What can the Fire Nation do to you that they haven't done already?"
Haru's mother says: "They could take Haru away!"
Haru's mother says: "Like they took his father."
Scene changes to late evening, viewing farmland and a barn. Appa walks into the barn. Cut to a closer view of Sokka, Katara, Haru, and Aang standing inside the barn.
Haru says: "My mom said you can sleep here tonight."
Haru says: "But you should leave in the morning."
Aang says: "Thanks."
Aang says: "I'll make sure Appa doesn't eat all your hay."
Appa engulfs a mouthful of hay. Appa pauses, turning to stare dubiously toward Aang before continuing to chew hay. The scene switches to Katara and Haru taking a walk into the woods outside under the setting sun.
Katara says: "I'm sorry about what I said earlier."
Katara says: "I didn't know about your father."
Haru says: "That's okay."
Haru says: "It's funny, the way you were talking back in the store?"
Haru says: "It reminded me of him."
Katara says: "Thanks."
Haru says: "My father was very courageous."
Haru says: "When the Fire Nation invaded, he and the other earthbenders were outnumbered ten to one."
Haru says: "But they fought back anyway."
Katara says: "He sounds like a great man."
The two approach the top of a steep cliff, gazing out to the setting sun beyond.
Haru says: "We haven't seen them since."
Katara says: "So that's why you hide your earthbending."
Haru says: "Yeah."
Haru says: "Problem is..."
Haru says: "is when I practice my bending."
Haru says: "He taught me everything I know."
Katara says: "See this necklace?"
Katara says: "My mother gave it to me."
Haru says: "It's beautiful."
Katara says: "I lost my mother in a Fire Nation raid."
Katara says: "This necklace is all I have left of her."
Haru says: "It's not enough, is it?"
Katara says: "No."
The scene switches to Katara and Haru who have continued their walk along the dirt trail. A loud boom sounds and rock and dust blasts from a distant mine entrance. An old man cries out.
Old man says: "Help, help!"
Haru says: "The mine!"
Katara and Haru run quickly to the entrance, which has caved in and left a tremendous pile of rocks pinning the old man to the ground on his stomach. Sand continues to pour down, rocks intermittently falling.
Old man says: "Help me!"
Katara says: "Ugh!"
Katara says: "It's not working!"
Katara says: "We have to get help!"
Haru says: "There's no time, pull harder!"
Katara says: "Haru."
Katara says: "There's a way you can help him."
Haru says: "I can't."
Katara says: "Please, there's no one around to see you."
Katara says: "It's the only way!"
Haru leaps away from the falling debris, spinning back to face it as he assumes an earthbending form. With a sudden and strong move, he blasts all the rocks down the tunnel, freeing the old man.
At the barn, Katara is sitting up in her bedroll with a lamp in her lap. Sokka is lying on a square bale of hay with his blanket over him, and Aang is sprawled out on Appa's head with Momo lying on his back.
Katara says: "It was so brave of Haru to use his earthbending to help that old man."
Aang says: "You must have really inspired him."
Katara says: "I guess so."
Sokka says: "Everyone should get some sleep, we're leaving at dawn."
Katara says: "Dawn?!"
Katara says: "!"
Katara says: "Can't we sleep in for once?"
Sokka says: "Absolutely not!"
Sokka says: "This village is crawling with Fire Nation troops."
Sokka says: "If they discover you're here, Aang, we'll be eating fireballs for breakfast."
Sokka says: "Goodnight."
Katara says: "I'd rather eat fireballs than nuts."
Sokka says: "Goodnight!"
Katara and Aang share a few playful chuckles with each other before she blows out the lamplight to get some rest.
Fire Nation troops march on a mission through the dead of night. The man in the lead raps on a wooden door. Haru answers the door, suddenly gasping in shock as he sees the troops.
Old man says: "That's him!"
Old man says: "That's the earthbender!"
The Fire Nation leader shoves the old man out of the way and approaches Haru. Haru screams as the man forces Haru into his grip and hauls him away.
In the morning, Katara carries a jar outside of the barn. She sets it down beside a water pump and proceeds to waterbend, drawing water out of the spigot and into the waiting pot. Picking it up, she spots Haru's mother standing with her back to her, gazing toward the distant ocean. Haru's mother slowly turns around, laying a tearful gaze upon Katara. Katara realizes Haru has been taken and drops the pot, as it shatters to pieces at her feet.
Katara says: "They took him!"
Katara says: "They took Haru away!"
Aang says: "What?"
Katara says: "The old man turned him in to the Fire Nation - it's all my fault - I forced him into earthbending!"
Sokka says: "Slow down, Katara."
Sokka says: "When did this happen?"
Katara says: "Haru's mother said they came for him at midnight."
Sokka says: "Then it's too late to track him, he's long gone."
Katara says: "We don't need to track him."
Katara says: "The Fire Nation is going to take me right to Haru."
Aang says: "And..."
Aang says: "why would they do that?"
Scene changes to Sokka and Katara working together to push a boulder overtop an air vent on a rocky road.
Sokka says: "I thought you were crazy at first, Katara, but this might work."
Sokka says: "There are ventilation shafts throughout these mines."
Sokka says: "All Aang has to do is send an air current from that vent to this one right here."
Sokka says: "The boulder levitates and ta-da!"
Sokka says: "Fake earthbending."
Katara says: "Aang?"
Katara says: "Did you get all that?"
Aang says: "Sure, sure."
Aang says: "I got it."
Sokka says: "Do you remember your cue?"
Aang says: "Yeah, yeah."
Aang says: "Just relax."
Aang says: "You're taking all the fun out of this."
Sokka says: "By this, do you mean intentionally being captured by a group of ruthless firebenders?"
Aang says: "Exactly!"
Aang says: "That's fun stuff!"
Sokka says: "Here they come!"
Sokka says: "Get in your places!"
Aang stops playing with the butterfly and Momo tries catching it as it flies away. As the group of spear-wielding guards approach, Katara and Sokka make a show of walking into one another by their stomachs before emphatically shouting.
Katara says: "How dare you call me pipsqueak, you giant-eared cretin!"
Sokka says: "What did you call me?"
Sokka says: "Seriously, back off."
Katara says: "I will not back off!"
Katara says: "I bet elephants get together and make fun of how large your ears are!"
Sokka says: "That's it!"
Sokka says: "You're going down!"
Katara says: "I'll show you who's boss!"
Katara says: "I said, earthbending style!"
At Katara's shout, Aang gasps quietly as he realizes his mistake by missing his cue. The young airbender ceases playing with the butterfly, leaps up, and blasts a strong jet of air into the ventilation duct, suddenly sending the boulder levitating into the air. This reveals Momo behind the boulder, who has his arms raised, licking himself.
Guard says: "That lemur!"
Guard says: "He's earthbending!"
Sokka says: "No, you idiot, it's the girl!"
Guard says: "Oh."
Guard says: "Of course."
Sokka steps beside Katara, laying his hands on her shoulders as the boulder falls to the ground. Katara stands patiently.
Sokka says: "I'll hold her."
Sokka says: "You've got twelve hours to find Haru."
Sokka says: "We'll be right behind you."
The guards escort Katara away, leaving Aang, Sokka, and Momo to watch as she takes a final glance back. Sokka unhappily tugs at his ears, testing their sizes.
Katara is in the back of a Fire Nation transport with other earthbender prisoners. She wears a brown, tattered prison garb over her blue Water Tribe outfit and stares glumly downward. Sokka and Aang each have conical yellow hats in a crowd, attempting to stealthily observe her travel. Katara looks longingly over shoulder as the cart bobs along a pier, heading toward a waiting barge on the ocean.
Aang and Sokka chase the barge, riding Appa through the clouds. The immense, smoking, off-shore Fire Nation prison rig is seen just ahead. Close-up of the rig.
Sokka says: "She'll be fine, Aang."
Sokka says: "Katara knows what she's doing."
After the barge arrives, six prisoners, including Katara, line up on the deck of the prison. Spear-wielding guards stand at either side. A prison warden approaches.
The warden pauses, suddenly interrupted by a prisoner in line coughing. With no forewarning, the warden leaps into the air and aims a blast of fire at the prisoner's legs in anger. The prisoner cowers away for safety as the warden stands defiantly toward the man.
Approaches Katara, kneeling to stare into her obstinate expression. She crosses her eyebrows, scowling coarsely at the man.
Warden says: "And we'll get along famously."
The prisoners are taken on a tour of the facility. Below, fellow prisoners are seen laboring.
Warden says: "You will notice, earthbenders, that this rig is made entirely of metal."
Warden says: "You are miles away from any rock or earth."
Warden says: "forget them."
Warden says: "It is impossible."
Warden says: "Good day."
A guard escorts the prisoners into the prison courtyard. Katara enters last and the metal gates close behind her. Among many earthbender prisoners, Haru takes notice of Katara. Above the courtyard, a watchman and the warden monitor the scene.
Haru says: "Katara?"
Katara says: "Haru!"
Haru says: "What are you doing here?"
Katara says: "It's my fault you were captured."
Katara says: "I came to rescue you."
Haru says: "So, you got yourself arrested?"
Katara says: "It was the only way to find you."
Haru says: "You've got guts, Katara."
Haru says: "I'll give you that."
Haru says: "Come on."
Haru says: "There's someone I want you to meet."
The two approach an old, gray-bearded man eating dinner among other prisoners.
Haru says: "Katara."
Haru says: "This is my father, Tyro."
Haru says: "Dad."
Haru says: "This is Katara."
Katara says: "It's an honor to meet you."
Tyro says: "It's still pretty bad though."
Prisoner says: "Tyro."
Prisoner says: "The prisoners are complaining there aren't enough blankets to go around."
Tyro says: "I'll talk to the guards."
Tyro says: "In the meantime, make sure the elderly are taken care of."
Tyro says: "The rest of us will simply have to hope for warmer weather."
Katara says: "If you don't mind me asking, what's your escape plan?"
Tyro says: "Excuse me?"
Katara says: "You know, the plan to get everyone off the rig?"
Katara says: "What is it?"
Katara says: "Mutiny, sabotage?"
Tyro says: "The plan?"
Tyro says: "The plan is to survive."
Tyro says: "Wait out this war."
Tyro says: "Hope that one day some of us can get back home and forget this ever happened."
Katara says: "How can you say that?"
Katara says: "You sound like you've already given up!"
Tyro says: "Katara, I admire your courage."
Tyro says: "And I envy your youth."
Tyro says: "But people's lives are at stake here."
Tyro says: "The warden is a ruthless man, and he won't stand for any rebellion."
Tyro says: "I'm sorry, but we're powerless."
Katara says: "We'll see about that."
Katara stands up and carries a trash can lid and a ladle, climbing on top of a wooden table. From there, she bangs the ladle against the lid to draw attention.
Katara says: "Earthbenders!"
Katara says: "You don't know me, but I know of you."
Katara says: "Every child in my Water Tribe village was rocked to sleep with stories of the brave Earth Kingdom, and the courageous earthbenders who guard its borders."
Katara says: "let us fight for our freedom!"
Katara's speech is met with utter silence and a small cough in the background, leaving her to fall into sorrow as she realizes the muted answer she receives. The warden walks away from the courtyard. Later that night while she is sleeping, Aang sneaks into the prison and taps his hand to her shoulder, waking her. Urging her to be quiet, he leads her to the perimeter where Sokka and Appa are waiting to make their escape.
Sokka says: "Your twelve hours are up; where's Haru?"
Sokka says: "We've gotta get outta here!"
Katara says: "I can't."
Sokka says: "We don't have much time."
Sokka says: "There are guards everywhere."
Sokka says: "Get on!"
Aang says: "Katara, what's wrong?"
Katara says: "I'm not leaving."
Katara says: "I'm not giving up on these people."
Fade to black. Cut to Sokka, Aang, and Katara on the metal perimeter.
Sokka says: "What do you mean you're not leaving?"
Katara says: "We can't abandon these people!"
Katara says: "There has to be a way to help them."
Aang says: "Maybe she's right."
Aang says: "What do you say, Sokka?"
Sokka says: "I say you're both crazy!"
Sokka says: "Last chance!"
Sokka says: "We need to leave, now!"
Katara says: "No!"
Sokka says: "I hate when you get like this."
Sokka says: "Come on, we better hide."
Aang says: "Go hide."
Captain says: "Look!"
The two guards who witnessed Appa take to the skies approach the warden on a catwalk.
Warden says: "Tell me exactly what you saw."
Captain says: "Well, sir, it looked like a flying bison."
Warden says: "What?"
Guard says: "It was a giant flying buffalo, sir."
Guard says: "With an empty saddle."
Warden says: "Which was it?"
Warden says: "A buffalo or a bison?"
Captain says: "Uh, I'm not sure what the difference is, but that's not really the point, is it, sir?"
Warden says: "I'll decide what the point is, fool!"
The warden throws the first guard overboard. The man screams in horror before finally being silenced by a splash below.
Guard says: "Uh, sir."
Warden says: "What?"
Guard says: "That was..."
Guard says: "the captain you just threw overboard, so..."
Warden says: "Then wake up someone I haven't thrown overboard and search the rig!"
Warden says: "There's something going on here and I don't like it."
Cut scene; Momo peeps over a wooden crate where the trio is safely hiding behind numerous boxes. Scene opens up to show the three huddled together seated on the metal ground in the darkness.
Sokka says: "We don't have much time."
Sokka says: "What are we gonna do?"
Aang says: "I wish I knew how to make a hurricane!"
Both Sokka and Katara provide Aang with assuredly un-entertained facial expressions.
Aang says: "The warden would run away and we'd steal his keys!"
Sokka says: "Wouldn't he just take his keys with him?"
Aang says: "I'm just tossing ideas around."
Katara says: "I tried talking the earthbenders into fighting back but, it didn't work!"
Katara says: "If there was just a way to help them help themselves."
Sokka says: "For that they'd need some kind of earth, or some rock."
Sokka says: "Something they can bend."
Katara says: "But this entire place is made of metal!"
Aang says: "No, it's not."
Aang says: "Look at the smoke!"
Aang says: "I bet they're burning coal."
Aang says: "In other words, earth."
Morning arrives, the scene gaining light. Sokka and Katara are alone by an air duct. Sokka is peering down into it, while Katara kneels beside it with her hands on its rim.
Katara says: "It's almost dawn."
Katara says: "We're running out of time!"
Katara says: "You sure this is gonna work?"
Sokka says: "It should."
Sokka says: "These vents reminded me of our little trick back at the village."
Sokka says: "We're gonna do the same thing, but on a much bigger scale."
Sokka says: "There's a huge deposit of coal at the base of the silo."
Sokka says: "And the whole system is ventilated."
Sokka says: "Aang closed off all the vents except one."
Sokka says: "When he does his airbending the coal only has one place to go, right back here."
Guard says: "There's the intruder!"
The two siblings are suddenly surrounded by a number of spear-wielding Fire Nation guards. The prisoners have gathered a safe distance away from this spectacle, observing what is happening.
Sokka says: "Stay back!"
Sokka says: "I'm warning you!"
Tyro says: "Katara, stop!"
Tyro says: "You can't win this fight!"
Warden says: "Listen to him well, child."
Warden says: "You're one mistake away from dying where you stand."
A sudden rush of air fills their ears as the facility shakes. The ventilation shaft bursts off its hinges as an immense blast of coal soars into the air, crashing down into a gathered pile. Everyone present is silent, staring in stark surprise at this turn of events. Lastly, Aang leaps out from the barren ventilation shaft, landing atop the coal pile and coughing, covered in soot and dirt. Momo follows him and Katara runs up to the coal, turning to face the earthbenders.
Katara says: "Here's your chance, earthbenders!"
Katara says: "Take it!"
Katara says: "Your fate is in your own hands!"
Haru bolts ahead without hesitation, prepared to bend the waiting coal as a weapon. Tyro throws his hand up, bracing his son's chest to halt his advance.
Warden says: "Oh, but you still believe in them."
Warden says: "How sweet."
Warden says: "They're a waste of your energy little girl."
Warden says: "You failed."
The warden finishes his speech by turning to take leave of the facility. As he does so, a single piece of coal sails through the air and pelts the back of his head. Outraged, the warden spins back to see who dared to attack him. Haru stands defiantly levitating three pieces of coal above his hand. The warden sends a blast of fire toward Haru, but the fire is blocked, as Tyro raises a wall of coal in his defense.
Tyro says: "For the Earth Kingdom, attack!"
Slamming the coal to the ground; chunks of rock assault the guards. The battle immediately flares, prisoners ducking blasts of fire and countering with fists of coal. Katara and Aang chase after Sokka as he snaps soldiers spears in two with his boomerang, tossing the broken shafts to Momo overhead. Momo continues to collect other pieces of broken spears that are thrown up to him.
Tyro and Haru work in unison to compress gathered coal into one lump, slinging this through the doors to make way for their escape. The guards on top fall down.
Tyro says: "Get to the ships!"
Tyro says: "We'll hold them off!"
Warden says: "Do not let them escape!"
Aang says: "Guys!"
Aang says: "Throw me some coal!"
Katara and Sokka drop heaps of coal into his funnel, firing the material rapidly at the warden and his fellow benders, knocking them to the ground. Following this, Tyro and two other earthbenders work together to lift coal beneath these adversaries, moving them away from the rig and over the ocean.
Warden says: "No, please!"
Warden says: "I can't swim!"
Tyro says: "Don't worry."
Tyro says: "I hear cowards float."
On the barge headed to their homes, Haru and Tyro approach Katara on its deck.
Haru says: "I want to thank you for saving me."
Haru says: "For saving us."
Katara says: "All it took was a little coal."
Haru says: "It wasn't the coal, Katara."
Haru says: "It was you."
Tyro says: "Thank you for helping me find my courage, Katara of the Water Tribe."
Tyro says: "My family and everyone here owes you much."
Katara says: "So, I guess you're going home now."
Tyro says: "Yes."
Tyro says: "To take back my village."
Haru says: "Come with us."
Katara says: "I can't."
Katara says: "Your mission is to take back your home."
Katara says: "Ours is to get Aang to the North Pole."
Haru says: "That's him, isn't it?"
Haru says: "The Avatar."
Haru says: "Katara, thank you for bringing my father back to me."
Haru says: "I never thought I'd see him again."
Haru says: "I only wish there was some way..."
Katara says: "I know."
Katara says: "My mother's necklace!"
Katara says: "It's gone!"
Back on the prison rig, Zuko stands alone facing the sunset amid coal lying sparsely on the deck. He seizes Katara's necklace in his fingers, lifting it to stare at it grimly.
Fade to credits.