The camera switches to the city, where Aang goes from bowing to doing tricks with the money in his hands and runs off. A few citizens are seen playing a dice like game. The two winners see Toph holding a bag of money and call her over. She tosses the two die. One lands on three, which is the highest number, and the other is about to go from three to zero. Cut to Toph, who twitches her head to the left slightly without any of the others seeing, causing the die to move back to the three, meaning she wins much to the winners' dismay and Sokka's and Aang's joy.
Cut to an area where a carnival is being hosted, where a big man tries a test-your-strength game, in which you need to use a hammer to launch a ball up to ring the bell, but can only make it about halfway. Toph jiggles a bag of money and walks over. Aang and Sokka watch from behind as she hands the man in charge of the game the money and places her hands on the hammer. She struggles to move it over her head and behind her, which makes all in the crowd snicker and laugh. Toph smiles again as she uses earthbending to launch the hammer's head from behind her to the lever with great force. The ball is launched so hard that it launches out of the game, destroying the top of it, which leaves everyone shocked. She casually grabs her winnings and leaves as the ball crashes into a tent behind, causing everyone to cringe at the sound, and looks back to see the damage.
The camera next cuts to a street where a carriage is being pulled by a dragon moose. Cut to a side-shot of the inside of the carriage where a noble opens his cup of tea to his delight and waves the aroma to his face. Toph emerges from a dark alley and creates a small rock right in front of one of the wheels to stop the cart. She falls back, pretending to have been hit. The noble peeks outside the carriage window and sees Toph. He jumps out of the carriage and starts to run, but is stopped by what looks like a Fire Nation guard, who is really Sokka in his Wang Fire costume. He notices Toph being "run over" and crosses his arms angrily at the noble, who gets on his knees and begs Sokka. He places twelve small bags of money as bribery, one after another in Sokka's arms, and Sokka smiles and winks at him to assure him that Sokka will keep this secret. The camera cuts to back at camp.
Katara says: "Guys, I think these scams have gone far enough."
Katara says: "If you keep doing them, something bad is gonna happen."
Toph says: "Could you for once stop being such a sourpuss and just lighten up?"
Toph says: "Yeah!"
Toph says: "Maybe!"
Toph says: "Maybe then you'd see  We're traveling around the world!"
Toph says: "Making easy money!"
Toph says: "Having fun!"
Toph says: "With no parents to tell us what to do!"
Katara says: "Ah."
Katara says: "I see."
Katara says: "You're acting like this because of your parents."
Toph says: "Whatever."
Katara says: "They were controlling over you, so you ran away, and now you act like your parents don't exist."
Katara says: "You act like you hate them, but you don't."
Katara says: "You just feel guilty."
Toph says: "I do hate them."
Katara says: "I don't think so."
Katara says: "I think you miss them, but you just don't wanna deal with that, so instead you act like this crazy person."
Toph says: "Look, I ran away to help Aang!"
Katara says: "You know what?"
Katara says: "It doesn't matter."
Katara says: "These scams put us all at risk, and we don't need that."
Katara says: "We've already got some third-eyed freak after us."
Sokka says: "Speaking of that "third-eyed freak", I think I've come up with a name for him."
Sokka says: "What do you think of "Sparky-Sparky-Boom Man"?"
Sokka says: "Just think about it."
Katara says: "We have enough money!"
Katara says: "You need to stop this!"
In town, Sokka just bought a messenger hawk, which he names Hawky.
Sokka says: "Hawky, welcome to Team Avatar."
Sokka says: "My name's Sokka, and I'm your new owner, and as such I should warn you that there's already a lemur in our group, so I don't wanna see any fighting."
The scene changes to back at camp. Katara and Aang are practicing waterbending, while Toph is counting her money. Sokka walks up to her.
Sokka says: "Toph, while I was in town, I found something that you're not gonna like."
Toph says: "Well it sounds like a sheet of paper, but I guess you're referring to what's on the sheet of paper."
Sokka says: "It's a wanted poster."
Sokka says: "Of you."
Sokka says: "They've nicknamed you the Runaway."
Toph says: "A wanted poster!"
Toph says: "That's so great!"
Toph says: ""The Runaway."
Toph says: "" I love my new nickname."
Toph says: "Is there a picture of me?"
Toph says: "Does it look good?"
Sokka says: "But, Toph, you're missing the point."
Sokka says: "Maybe Katara was right."
Sokka says: "These scams are drawing too much attention to us."
Toph says: "Don't be such a worrywart like your sister."
Toph says: "Make it an atlas."
Sokka says: "I do like expensive atlases."
Toph says: "Of course you do."
Aang says: "Katara: Sokka,  tell me you didn't buy a bird."
Katara walk up to Sokka says: "Katara: Sokka,  tell me you didn't buy a bird."
who tucks his new money into his outfit says: "Katara: Sokka,  tell me you didn't buy a bird."
Sokka says: "Not just a bird, a messenger bird."
Sokka says: "Now we can send messages all over the world."
Sokka says: "Even to Gran Gran."
Aang says: "Wow, how does it work?"
Sokka says: "Hm."
Sokka says: "Uh, I never actually thought about that."
Sokka says: "Hawky,  I think he gets it."
Momo appears on Aang's shoulder and screeches at Hawky. He jumps to Sokka and starts chasing Hawky around Sokka's head.
Sokka says: "Hawky!"
Sokka says: "Make nice!"
Sokka says: "Bad Hawky!"
Later on at camp, Katara is mixing something in a cooking pot via waterbending. She waterbends some of it out of the pot and into Appa's mouth, which causes him to lick his lips, while Aang sits on a ledge in front of Appa and drinks something out of a cup. Toph and Sokka, the latter with Hawky on his shoulder, show up carrying big bags of money.
Katara says: "Where have you two been?"
Katara says: "Off scamming again?"
Toph says: "Yes, we were."
Katara says: "And I suppose you don't think what you're doing is dangerous at all?"
Toph says: "No, I don't."
Katara says: "Really?"
Toph says: "Yes."
Toph says: "Really."
Katara says: "It's a wanted poster of you!"
Katara says: ""The Runaway!"
Katara says: "" Is that what you're called now?"
Katara says: "Are you proud of this?"
Toph says: "Where did you get that!"
Toph says: "?"
Katara says: "It doesn't matter where I got it."
Toph says: "You went through my stuff!"
Toph says: "You had no right!"
Katara says: "Your stuff was messy and I was just straightening up, and I happened to stumble across it!"
Toph says: "That's a lie!"
Toph says: "You're lying, Katara!"
Katara says: "Don't you walk away from me while I'm talking to you!"
Toph says: "Oh really, Mom?"
Toph says: "Or what are you gonna do?"
Toph says: "Send me to my room?"
Katara says: "I wish I could!"
Toph says: "Well you can't!"
Toph says: "Because you're not my mom, and you're not their mom!"
Katara says: "I never said I was!"
Toph says: "No, but you certainly act like it!"
Toph says: "You think it's your job to boss everyone around, but it's not!"
Toph says: "You're just a regular kid like the rest of us!"
Toph says: "So stop acting like you can tell me what to do!"
Toph says: "I can do whatever I want!"
Katara says: "I don't act that way!"
Katara says: "Sokka, do I act motherly?"
Sokka says: "Hey."
Sokka says: "I'm staying out of this one."
Katara says: "What do you think, Aang?"
Katara says: "Do I act like a mom?"
Aang says: "Well."
Katara says: "Stop rubbing your eye and speak clearly when you talk!"
Aang says: "Yes, ma'am."
Toph says: "I can't be around you right now!"
Katara says: "Well, I can't be around you!"
Both girls turn and walk away. Hawky, sitting on Sokka's shoulder, screeches.
Sokka says: "I know, Hawky."
Sokka says: "Why can't they just get along?"
Later on at camp, Sokka and Aang are sitting together. Toph and Katara are sitting at separate edges of the cliff, their backs to one another.
Sokka says: "Hey, Aang."
Sokka says: "You wanna test out my messenger hawk with me?"
Sokka says: "I've got an idea."
Aang says: "Sure."
Sokka says: "I'm going to send a note to Katara and say it's from Toph, who wants to apologize."
Sokka says: "Then everyone will be friends again."
Aang says: "I gotta say, Sokka, you continue to impress me with your ideas."
Sokka says: "It's a gift."
Sokka says: ""Dear Katara, sorry for everything."
Sokka says: "Your friend, Toph."
Sokka positions Hawky on his arm and places the note in Hawky's message holder. Hawky flies to Katara, who takes the note out, reads it, and angrily stands up.
Katara says: "I know this is from you, Sokka!"
Katara says: "Toph can't write!"
Aang says: "I can't believe we forgot Toph can't write."
Sokka says: "Yup."
Sokka says: "We're idiots."
Aang says: "I guess Plan B is we send a note to Toph pretending it's from Katara."
Sokka says: "I think we're gonna run into a similar problem."
Sokka says: "Come on."
Sokka says: "We need to talk."
Toph exhales, annoyed. The camera cuts to another area of the camp. Katara is bathing in a lake directly below a cliff. Sokka and Toph walk up to the edge of the cliff and sit down, not noticing Katara.
Toph says: "So lemme guess: You brought me out here to tell me that your sister's not as annoying as I make her out to be."
Sokka says: "Nah, she's pretty much a pain."
Sokka says: "She's always got to be right about everything and she gets all bossy and involved and in your business..."
Toph says: "Yeah."
Toph says: "I don't know how you could deal with it."
Sokka says: "Actually, in a way, I rely on it."
Toph says: "I don't understand."
Sokka says: "When our mom died, that was the hardest time in my life."
Sokka says: "Our family was a mess, but Katara?"
Sokka says: "She had so much strength."
Sokka says: "She stepped up and took on so much responsibility."
Sokka says: "She helped fill the void that was left by our mom."
Toph says: "I guess I never thought about that."
Sokka says: "I'm gonna tell you something crazy."
Sokka says: "I never told anyone this before, but honestly?"
Sokka says: "I'm not sure I can remember what my mother looked like."
Sokka says: "It really seems like my whole life, Katara's been the one looking out for me."
Sokka says: "She's always been the one that's there."
Sokka says: "And now, when I try to remember my mom, Katara's is the only face I can picture."
Toph says: "The truth is sometimes Katara does act motherly, but that's not always a bad thing."
Toph says: "She's compassionate and kind, and she actually cares about me."
Toph says: "Don't ever tell her I said any of this!"
Sokka says: "Hey, my lips are sealed."
At around nightfall, Katara is sitting next to Momo, who is napping with Katara rubbing the top of his head. Katara is looking down in front of her, saddened. She sees Sokka and Toph walking toward her and walks up to Toph. When they reach each other, Sokka keeps walking.
Katara says: "Hi, Toph."
Toph says: "Katara, stop."
Toph says: "You don't need to apologize."
Toph says: "I was the one being stupid."
Toph says: "These scams are out of control, and I'm done with them."
Toph says: "What?"
Toph says: "You wanna pull a scam?"
Katara says: "Not just any scam."
Katara says: "The ultimate scam."
Katara says: "Whaddaya say, Toph?"
Katara says: "Just me and you."
Katara says: "One last go."
Katara says: "You in?"
The scene changes to Katara and Toph going over the plan. Katara is looking at Toph's wanted poster.
Katara says: "The plan is simple: This wanted poster says you're worth a lot of money; Ten times more than you've made in all of your scams."
Katara says: "So I'm gonna turn you in and collect the reward."
Katara says: "Then you metalbend yourself out of jail, and we're on our way."
Toph says: "How could you do this to me?"
Toph says: "You betrayed me!"
Toph is dragged away in the net, all the while glaring back at Katara. Katara glances back slightly and gives a sly smile. She is joined by the chief of authorities.
Town authority says: "You did the right thing by turning in the Runaway."
Katara says: "The right thing is its own reward."
Town authority says: "Well, I'm happy to hear you say that."
Katara says: "But, I still want the actual reward."
Town authority says: "Of course."
Town authority says: "Right this way."
Meanwhile, a female guard drags Toph into a jail. She throws Toph from the net into a wooden cell and closes it. Toph feels the floor of her cell, but is shocked when she can't sense any earth in it. She gets up and looks outside the cell at the guard.
Toph says: "Hey!"
Toph says: "What kind of cell is this?"
Female guard says: "A wooden one."
In an office, the town authority grabs a box underneath a desk and looks around in it. A door opens behind Katara, who is standing across the desk from the chief. The chief closes the box and points at Katara.
Town authority says: "That's her!"
Town authority says: "That's the girl you were looking for!"
Katara turns and sees the assassin with the third eye tattooed on his head, aka "Sparky-Sparky-Boom Man", walk in, leaving her shocked and horrified. Meanwhile, at camp, Sokka and Aang are worried, the latter pacing back and forth.
Aang says: "Do you think this scam of theirs should be taking this long?"
Sokka says: "I was just wondering the same thing."
Sokka says: "We'd better check it out."
The camera cuts to Toph's cell, which now holds Katara too. They both are sitting on the floor, downcast, when Toph suddenly realizes something.
Toph says: "Wait!"
Toph says: "It's a trap!"
Katara says: "Really?"
Katara says: "No kidding!"
Katara says: "Is that why we're sitting in a wooden cage right now?"
Katara says: "Gee, how'd you figure out it was a trap?"
Toph says: "Not for us, Katara!"
Toph says: "We're the bait!"
Toph says: "He wants Aang!"
Katara says: "I can't believe I'm so stupid!"
Katara says: "See?"
Katara says: "This is exactly why I'm against these scams!"
Katara says: "I knew this would happen!"
Toph says: "But, this was your idea."
Katara says: "I know."
Katara says: "I wanted to show that I'm not so motherly."
Katara says: "I wanted to show you that I can have fun too."
Toph says: "Katara, you are fun."
Toph says: "If nothing else, you're at least fun to argue with."
Katara says: "I know your relationship with your parents is complicated."
Katara says: "And I shouldn't have said what I said."
Toph says: "It's okay."
Toph says: "I was really mad when you said that because..."
Toph says: "well because, maybe it's true."
Toph says: "I try not to think about it, but when I left, I probably really hurt them."
Katara embraces Toph. Meanwhile, Sokka and Aang walk around town looking for Katara and Toph. The town is seemingly abandoned.
Sokka says: "Where do you think they might be?"
Aang says: "Where do you think anyone is?"
Aang says: "It's Sparky-Sparky-Boom Man!"
Sokka says: "You know, I'm starting to think that name doesn't quite fit."
The assassin jumps down from the roof and fires another blast at them. They barely dodge it, but get sent flying back by the blast, which shakes the ceiling of Toph and Katara's cell. Toph is trying to break out, while Katara is sitting down.
Katara says: "What are we gonna do?"
Toph says: "I don't know."
Toph says: "I wish we had some earth or water."
Toph says: "We need bendables."
Katara says: "What about your meteor bracelet?"
Katara says: "You can make a saw."
Toph says: "I left it back at camp."
Toph says: "I was worried they would take it."
Katara exhales deeply and wipes her forehead with the back of her hand. Her eyes widen with realization as she notices her hand is covered in sweat. She smiles and quickly stands up to start running in place.
Toph says: "Um, Katara?"
Toph says: "Are you okay?"
Katara says: "Just fine."
Toph says: "Well, what are you doing?"
Katara says: "I'm making my own water."
Katara stops running and wipes her forehead again. This time, she uses waterbending to use the midair sweat as blades to cut through the wooden cage. Toph stands up upon noticing this.
Toph says: "Katara!"
Toph says: "You're a genius!"
Toph says: "A sweaty, stinky genius!"
Katara waterbends another blade of sweat, this time from under her arms. Cut to Aang and Sokka being chased by the assassin. The assassin fires a blast at them which they dodge but still get sent flying. Sokka crashes onto a wheelbarrow, which they hide behind.
Sokka says: "This guy is too good!"
Sokka says: "He shoots fire from his brain!"
Aang says: "We should split up."
Aang says: "He can't chase us both."
The assassin walks out of the smoke. Aang runs off from his left and Sokka from his right. The assassin fires a blast at the wheelbarrow and blows it up. Aang runs past him on a roof to his left. The assassin quickly turns and fires another blast, which sends Aang flying into the Ozai statue. He falls from the statue to the ground. He looks up and sees the assassin standing above him inhale, about to fire another blast at Aang, but his head is suddenly encased in ice. The assassin moves and Aang sees Katara, Sokka, and Toph standing behind the assassin.
Katara says: "Aang, get up!"
Toph says: "Let's get out of here!"
The assassin breaks the ice with brute force. He launches another blast at Team Avatar, but Toph quickly launches a boulder at the blast, blowing the boulder up. A pebble from the boulder flies toward the assassin and hits him square in his third eye, which momentarily stuns and angers him. He tries to fire another blast, but with his chi is blocked, he ignites the air around him and gets sent back, head-first into a wall. When he stands up and shakes it off, Team Avatar is gone.
Sokka says: "Hey, I got it!"
Sokka says: "The perfect name for that guy: "Combustion Man!"
Toph says: "Good job, Sokka."
Toph says: "Now let's get outta here before Combustion Man catches us."
Sokka says: "See?"
Sokka says: "It fits so well!"
Later that night, the gang flies to another camp spot on Appa.
Sokka says: "Yeah."
Sokka says: "You're such a lazy little bird."
Aang and Sokka get off Appa. Katara is about to dismount Appa, but is stopped by Toph.
Toph says: "Katara?"
Toph says: "I need your help."
Katara says: "What is it, Toph?"
Toph says: "I need you to write some things down for me."
Toph says: "I wanna send a letter to my parents."
Katara says: "I'll be happy to help."
They place a letter inside Hawky's holder and send him off as he flies away.
Sokka says: "Hey, where'd Hawky go?"
Fade to credits.