[Open Int. Beach House]
(The episode opens without a title card. Steven is seen playing a difficult video game on his TV while the Gems cheer him on.)
Pearl: Oh my goodness!
Amethyst: Go for it, bro!
Garnet: This is your last chance.
Steven: *sweating* No... No...! Jump... Jump...!
(Steven's character dies in-game.)
Steven, Amethyst, & Pearl: Aww!...
Steven: Dying a bunch in video games is emotionally exhausting. Huh?
(The Crystal Gems turn and look towards Lion, who is playing and chewing one of Steven's shirts.)
Steven: Lion!
(Steven runs down and tries to pull the shirt away from Lion's mouth.)
Steven: Drop it!
(Steven successfully pulls the shirt from Lion and falls backwards on the ground.)
Steven: Lion, you can't chew this up. *looks at his shirt, reading "Thunder Bird - Always Remember"* How else am I going to remember the time I rode the Thunder Bird at Funland?
(Steven puts the shirt on his dresser, next to his Thunder Bird badge and Thunder Bird photo frame.)
Steven: *walks back to his game console* Okay, I'm sure this time...
(Steven turns and sees Lion, who has climbed onto the dresser and grabbed Steven's shirt again.)
Steven: Lion! Don't even think about it!
(Lion attempts to head for the door, but Steven jumps in to block his path. He then grabs the shirt and pulls it away from Lion again.)
Steven: Since you can't play nice, I'm gonna have to put this where you can't get it: *teasing;y* In ya mane!
(Lion grumbles and begrudgingly lays down.)
Steven: Thank you, boo.
(Steven then dives into Lion's mane.
[Trans. Int. Lion's Dimension]
(Steven pops up from the pink grass savannah and walks towards the lone small island, holding Rose's possessions and a few of his own belongings. He then climbs onto the tree on the island and hangs his shirt on one of the branches.)
Steven: *thinking to himself* There we go. Now it'll be safe forever, hanging in this perfectly stable magic tree.
(Suddenly, the tree branch Steven snaps apart, causing him to fall onto a bubbled gem inside the dimension. He then accidentally pops the bubble, freeing the gemstone inside. Steven screams with his mouth closed as he is bounced away from the island.)
[Trans. Int. Beach House]
(Amethyst is seen playing the video game as Garnet and Pearl cheers her on. Lion is also seen chewing on another one of Steven's shirts.)
Garnet: Jump! Jump!
Amethyst: I am jumping!
(Steven propels out from Lion's mane and lands on his back. The Gems turn to look at him.)
Steven: I've made a horrible mistake!
Pearl: Wha!?
(Amethyst turns back towards the TV, now displaying "GAME OVER".)
Amethyst: Aw man.
Steven: Hold on, I can fix it! *dives back inside Lion's mane*
[Trans. Int. Lion's Dimension]
(Back inside the pocket dimension, Steven reaches for the gem in an attempt to bubble it again, when the gem levitates and begins to regenerate. Steven braces himself as a rainbow-haired gray Gem reforms and lands on her knees on the island. She stumbles back, seemingly in fright, and takes on a fighting stance. She then looks around and notices Steven, sitting in shock on the ground. The two stare at each other, as the title "Bismuth" and credits appear.)
[Trans. Int. Beach House]
(Steven falls backwards and exits Lion's mane. The Gems are gathered around Steven as he breaths heavily for air.)
Steven: There's a Gem inside of Lion's mane!
Pearl: A Gem?
Garnet: Describe her.
Steven: Uhh... hang on a sec.
(Steven dives back into the pocket dimension, peeking with only his head above the grass, and sees the gray Gem walking and looking around. She quickly spots Steven.)
Bismuth: Hey, wait!
(Steven quickly ducks under the grass, pulling his head out of Lion's mane, and turns to the Gems.)
Steven: She's big!
(Steven returns into the pocket dimension, spotting the gray Gem directly in front of him.)
Bismuth: Huh? Hey! Don't go!
(Steven pulls his head out of Lion's mane again.)
Steven: With rainbow hair and tattoos!
Pearl: Rainbow hair...? *looks at Garnet with great concerns* What does her gem look like?
Steven: It's... an innie?
Pearl: It can't be...
Amethyst: Can't be what?
Garnet: Steven, bring her out.
Steven: *determinedly* Okay.
(Steven heads back into the pocket dimension and begins looking around for the gray Gem. He cannon seem to find her, until she pops in directly in front of Steven.)
Bismuth: Hey, little friend!
(Steven screams with his mouth closed and backs away a bit.)
Bismuth: No, don't go! I believe I'm lost. And there's no one here but us, so how about a little help?
(Steven sticks out his hand and offers it to the gray Gem. He then proceeds to pull the gray Gem out of Lion's mane, who reacts in shock at the sight of the Gem. The gray Gem looks towards the Gems, with Garnet staring with a slack-jawed expression of disbelief and Pearl covering her mouth with tears in her eyes.)
Amethyst: Wow, a total stranger.
(Garnet dispels her visor, revealing eyes of disbelief.)
Bismuth: Pearl... Garnet...
Pearl: BISSS-MUUUTH! *runs and hugs the Gem, overjoyed* Ahahahaha! You're back!
(Steven and Lion look at each other in confusion.)
Bismuth: Woah! *lightly tosses Pearl in the air and catches her* Hehehehe! The Pearl I know never jumps into my arms! Hey, did somebody lose a Pearl? Who do you belong to?
Pearl: Nobody!
Bismuth: Ha-HA!
Garnet: Alright, alright, settle down. *walks up to Bismuth*
Bismuth: Oh, you're one to talk, oh, oh, excuse me, you're two to talk.
(Garnet scoffs, casually summons her gauntlet and punches Bismuth playfully in the arm.)
Bismuth: Hey, cool it, your Ruby is showing.
(Amethyst shuffles towards Steven and Lion, joining them in looking very confused.)
Pearl: Where have you been? We thought you'd been captured! Or worse, shattered.
Bismuth: Shatter me? Pshh, Homeworld couldn't lay a scratch on this Gem.
Amethyst: Ahem. Who is this?
(Garnet smiles and leans on Bismuth's shoulder.)
Garnet: Guys, this is Bismuth. She's one of the original Crystal Gems.
Bismuth: Oh, hey! New recruits! Welcome aboard, we could always use more Amethysts. And who's this meatball?
Steven: Hi, I'm Steven! Y-You were in my lion and now you're in my house.
Bismuth: *leans down to shake Steven's hand* Well, thanks for having me!
Pearl: I can't believe it! Rose said she lost track of you at the battle for the Ziggurat! She was worried sick!
(Bismuth's smile suddenly turns into an expression of worry, and begins looking around the house.)
Bismuth: Wait! Where is Rose?
Steven: Hi, um... actually, I'm Rose's son. She kinda turned into me... well, I have her gem, the rest is from my dad. *lifts his shirt to reveal his gem*
Bismuth: Ohh... There she is. You... do you know me?
Steven: No, I'm so sorry.
Pearl: It's not always easy to understand Rose's choices... But we have to stand behind them.
Bismuth: Rose really is something else.
(Steven looks at Bismuth, not knowing what to say.)
Bismuth: I mean... Look at this! She really is somethin' else!
(Bismuth puts her hand on Garnet's shoulder and starts laughing.)
Bismuth: Wow! Everythin's changin'! And we're buildin' bases out of wood now?! *tears a piece of wood from the floor* Hmph! Whose terrible idea was this? And where is everybody else? *tosses the wood piece away*
Steven: Everybody else?
Bismuth: Yeah, the rest of the Crystal Gems! Old Crazy Lace, Biggs, Snowflake?
(Steven and the Gems exchange worried looks.)
[Trans. Gem Battlefield]
(The Crystal Gems warp with Bismuth to the Gem Battlefield, which is now overrun with strawberry bushes.)
Bismuth: *gasps* No- No way! We were just here! How long was I out?
Pearl: *walks up to Bismuth* It's been about 5,300 years. We, the Crystal Gems, were able to save the Earth...
Bismuth: But we're all that's left of The Rebellion, huh?
(Pearl begins to cry and nods.)
Bismuth: *starts crying too* Oh, come on Pearl. You know I can't take it when you cry like that!
Pearl: *sniffles* I'm sorry.
Bismuth: No, no need to apologize.
Garnet: *joins Bismuth's side* Homeworld's final attack on Earth wiped out all of the Crystal Gems.
Pearl: Rose was able to protect Garnet and myself and by the looks of it, she was able to protect you as well.
Bismuth: *grunts and pulls a battle axe off the ground* I knew those Homeworld elites were twisted. How many of us did they shatter?! Crazy Lace? Biggs? ...Snowflake?! If I was there, I- I could've stopped it!
Garnet: It's not like they've stopped trying.
Bismuth: What's that?
Garnet: Homeworld still has its eyes on this planet.
Pearl: We continue to thwart their plans over and over.
Steven: *runs in with Amethyst* But they just keep coming back!
Amethyst: Yup. They want us bad.
Bismuth: Good. I thought I wouldn't get another chance to show those uppercrusts who's boss! Let's show 'em what happens when you mess with the Crystal Gems!
(Bismuth growls in fury as she swings the battle axe at a strawberry bush, smashing the strawberries.)
Steven: *determinedly* Yeah!
Garnet: Bismuth, the Gems on Homeworld outnumber us by a huge amount.
Pearl: And their technology far surpasses anything we have available on Earth.
Bismuth: *laughs and wraps both her arms around Garnet and Pearl* What else is new? Garnet, remember when you and I took on a battalion of Quartz soldiers? We walked out with our stones shining brighter than when we walked in.
Garnet: *adjusts her visor* As I recall, it was three battalions.
Bismuth: And, Pearl, remember when we stopped that drop ship? I'll never forget the look on that Nephrite's face when you pulled her out of the cockpit!
Pearl: *chuckles* I know. How embarrassing for her.
Bismuth: Ha-HA! So let's pick up where we left off! To the foooorge!!
Steven: Yay! *runs up and hugs Garnet's leg* To the forge!
Amethyst: Yo, what's a forge?
[~Commercial Interlude~]
[Trans. Ext. The Forge]
(The Crystal Gems warp to a Warp Pad located outside of an active volcano.)
Bismuth: That brings back memories, huh?
Steven: Is this the forge?
Bismuth: *chuckles* Not yet. Follow me.
(The group begins walking around the volcano, with smokes emanating from the ground below.)
Steven: Is this the forge?
Amethyst: Ugh. Don't ask me. I've never been here before.
Pearl: Well, since Bismuth was gone, we've had no reason to come back here.
Bismuth: Let's just say this place ain't the same without me.
Steven: What does that mean? Amethyst! *clings onto Amethyst's arm excitedly* What do think you that means?
Amethyst: I don't know, dude. I've never even seen this Gem before today.
Bismuth: We took a huge blow from Homeworld. But, now, we're back in Bismuth.
Steven: *laughs* She's got jokes!
(The group eventually arrive in front of a stone slab in the face of the volcano.)
Steven: Is this the forge?
Pearl: Not quite.
(Bismuth stands in front of the slab and her gem begins to glow. The ground starts to rumble as several doors open up in the slab, creating a tunnel into the volcano.)
Bismuth: Ta-da!
Amethyst: Wow.
Steven: Now, that's an entrance.
Pearl: *claps* Bravo, Bismuth!
(The group walks through the tunnel and enter a dark room.)
Pearl: Aaaah! Bismuth!
Steven: *notices a giant sword hanging overhead* Whoa!
Pearl: It's just like I remember it.
Steven: *sweating* It feels like an oven in here.
Bismuth: You think it's hot now?
Steven: Yeah, like an oven.
Bismuth: *laughs* Well, it's about to get waaaay hotter!
(Bismuth shapeshifted her hand into a hammer and slams on a pedestal in the room. The pedestal sinks into the ground and lava begins to flow like a waterfall through an opening, dousing Bismuth in it and illuminating the forge.)
Steven: Ah, cool!
Bismuth: Ooh. *emerges out of the lavafall* Hah! Nothing like a hot lava bath to get into a working mood.
(Bismuth begins gathering a handful of dust from three barrel, as Steven watches curiously.)
Steven: Uh, what, exactly, do you do here?
Bismuth: Homeworld used us Bismuths to erect spires and temples for the Gem elites to enjoy.
(Bismuth dunks her handful of dust into the lavafall for a brief moment before pulling it out.)
Bismuth: But Rose taught me that my life was my own.
(Bismuth walks over to an anvil in the middle of the forge, drops a heated metal ingot onto the anvil, and shapeshifts her hand into a hammer.)
Bismuth: That I could choose to do whatever I wanted.
(Bismuth begins pounding on the ingot on the anvil with her hammer hands.)
Bismuth: So I chose this.
(Bismuth then dips the pounded ingot into lava, pulls it out and blows away the flames on it, revealing the finished product.)
Steven: Bismuth.. You make... weapons?!
Bismuth: *hoists the newly-made sword over her shoulder* That's right! I outfitted the entire Rebellion. Every material weapon used by the Crystal Gems was made right here in this forge. Wait. Is it still here? *runs over to a chest in the room and opens it* Aha! Yes! Here, something to pack a little extra punch.
(Bismuth throws a pair of brass knuckles to Garnet, who quickly summons her gauntlets and attaches the knuckles onto them.)
Bismuth: And why don't you try a trident?
(Bismuth throws an forked attachment to Pearl, who then attaches it to her spear, turning it into a trident.)
Pearl: Oh, Bismuth, you shouldn't have.
Bismuth: It's no big deal. I was working on them since before- *looks down for a moment* Well, may as well give them to you now.
Garnet: It was worth the wait.
Bismuth: Hey, it's a pleasure doing Bismuth with you.
Steven: *laughs* Bismuth is so funny.
Amethyst: I don't know. Same joke twice?
Steven: Well, it'll be really funny if she does it a third time.
Amethyst: Right. Sorry, I- I don't know. I mean, she's one of the original Crystal Gems and no one ever mentioned her to me, not even Rose? Don't you think that's a little bit, uh... suspicious?
Steven: I... guess that is a little... strange.
Bismuth: Hey, deep cut. Don't think I forgot about you. What you packin'?
Amethyst: Oh, this old thing? *summons her whip*
Bismuth: *walks up to Amethyst* Oh, wow.
Amethyst: What is it?
Bismuth: Well... Not every Quartz can make a whip like this. You mind if I take a look?
Amethyst: Knock yourself out. *hands the whip to Bismuth*
Bismuth: Hold on! I've got an idea.
(Bismuth walks away and return momentarily with Amethyst's whip.)
Bismuth: Here. With this, you can really do some damage.
(Amethyst retrieved her whip from Bismuth and realizes it has been upgraded with spiked flails. Steven reacts with shock, while Amethyst gasps in awe.)
Amethyst: Aww yeah, baby. *begins lashing her flails around* Bismuth's the best!
[Trans. Ext. Beach House]
(Back home, Bismuth prepare to spar with the Gems to test out their upgraded weapons, while Steven watches nearby.)
Bismuth: Homeworld treats us like dirt because we don't shine like the elites. But the Crystal Gems are back, and we'll give those Diamonds another taste of what's coming! *shapeshifts her arms into hammers* Now, show me what you got, soldiers!
Garnet: Huh!
(Garnet instantly charges towards Bismuth, who easily parries her knuckled gauntlets.)
Bismuth: I think the power couple's losin' their spark!
(Bismuth trips Garnet and knocks her flying into the sand behind her. Steven gasps in shock while sipping on a soda.)
Bismuth: Who's next?!
Pearl: Haaaa!
(Pearl then dives from the sky above towards Bismuth, who quickly catches her with her hammer hand.)
Bismuth: Pearl, I don't recall asking you to bring me a spear. Uhh!
(Bismuth launches Pearl back into the air.)
Pearl: You won't like how I give it to you.
(Pearl begins firing energy blasts at Bismuth with her trident.)
Bismuth: Ah! *keeps sidestepping to avoid the blasts* Lasers? When did that happen? Wha...?!
(Amethyst suddenly wraps her flails around Bismuth's leg.)
Amethyst: Haha! *shapeshifts into Purple Puma* I'm gonna wreck your BISmuth!
(Amethyst then swings Bismuth up into the air with her flails and slams her into the sand.)
Bismuth: *laughs and gets up* Very creative.
Amethyst: Yeah, *shapeshifts back to normal* I guess I am pretty great.
Bismuth: That's right! *continues to spar with the Gems* We are powerful! We are important! We! are! the Crystal Geeeeems!!
(Bismuth smashes a rock into pieces with her hammer hands, as Steven grows increasingly uneasy.)
Bismuth: Steven, come down and show me what you're made of!
Steven: Uhhh... I would, but this is a little intense for me.
Bismuth: *shapeshifts her hands back to normal* But it's a ritual for us Crystal Gems to spar before battle. *wraps her arms around Garnet and Pearl*
Steven: Well, actually, I have some rituals I like a little better.
Bismuth: Oh, yeah? Let me see 'em.
[Time-Skip]
(The Crystal Gems begin playing badminton on the beach. Bismuth then jumps in, shapeshifts her hand into a racket, and slams the shuttlecock in front of Pearl and Steven, leaving a crater in the sand.)
[Trans. Int. Beach House]
(The Crystal Gems begins playing cards next. Amethyst spies on Steven's cards by shapeshifting, when Garnet reveals her hand and wins the game. Amethyst groans and falls backwards in defeat, while Bismuth laughs heartily.)
[Trans. Kitchen]
(Bismuth watches Steven, as he flattens dough with a rolling pin, and shapeshifts her hand into a rolling pin too. She then helps Steven pull a pair of pizza out of the oven, as Amethyst hogs one all to herself and adds more food items onto it.)
[Trans. Steven's Room]
(The Crystal Gems then watch a Lonely Blade movie on Steven's TV, while Amethyst, Bismuth and Steven eat their pizza.)
Lonely Blade (TV)
The powerful, legendary demon blade, possessed by Muramasa. With this demon blade, I will be the most powerful fighter in all the world!
Steven: No, Lonely Blade! Don't use it!
Bismuth: What? If that thing's got infinite power, then, of course Lonely Blade should use it. It just makes sense.
Pearl: It doesn't have to make sense. It's entertainment.
Lonely Blade (TV)
Infinite... Poweeeeer!!
[Time-Skip - Night-time]
(Steven speaks to Bismuth as he prepares for bed for the night.)
Steven: Bismuth, you can chill out here tonight and... sleep, if you want to.
Bismuth: You know what? I think I'll give it a try. I like these new Crystal Gem rituals.
Steven: *chuckles* You know, usually, when I meet a new Gem, they try and kill me and it takes me forever to become friends with them. I guess I mean, I'm really glad you're here.
Bismuth: Me, too. Glad to have another chance. So, tomorrow, you gonna show me what you got on the battlefield?
Steven: Oh, I mean, I-I would, but, most of my weapons are for defense. *summons his shield* Oh, except for one.
(Steven pulls out Rose's sword out of Lion's mane, and Bismuth gasps in awe.)
Bismuth: Rose's sword. My finest piece of work.
Steven: You made this?
Bismuth: You really don't remember, huh? *takes the sword* Rose Quartz changed my life. I came to Earth thinking this was just another colony. Build another arena for important fighters to fight in. Build another spire for important thinkers to think in. And then, I met her. Just another Quartz soldier, made right here in the dirt, but she was different. And she was different because she decided to be. And she asked me what I wanted to build, and I'd never heard that before. And Gems never hear they can be anything other than what they are, but Rose opened our eyes.
Steven: Everybody always tells me how great Mom was. I just don't feel like I can ever measure up to her.
Bismuth: I can't believe this, that I'm the one giving the pep talk to Rose's... Rose's...?
Steven: ...Son.
Bismuth: Right. You are different. That's what's so exciting. You don't have to be like Rose Quartz. You can be someone even better. You can be you. And you know what? You deserve an even better weapon.
[Trans. The Forge]
(Bismuth brings Steven alone to her forge.)
Bismuth: I designed this sword for a fair fight. *inspects Rose's sword* It can cut through a Gem's physical form in an instant! Destroying the body, but never the Gem.
Steven: Cool...!
Bismuth: But... Homeworld doesn't fight fair. That's why we need a different strategy. *winks and clicks tongue*
Steven: Ohh. Whoa.
(Bismuth shapeshifts her hand into a screwdriver and turns a giant screw on the floor, causing a panel to lower her and Steven into a room at the lower floor.)
Bismuth: I was working on a weapon that would've been a gamechanger. Homeworld knows how to hit us where it counts, but we can do everything they can do, and better. Here it is: the weapon that would've won the war.
(Bismuth brandishes a weapon, similar to a pile bunker, in her arm.)
Steven: Whoa! What is it?
Bismuth: I call it, a Breaking Point.
Steven: Cool! What does it do?
Bismuth: Just watch. Hah!
(Bismuth stomps on a panel, and lava forms from openings into statue molds around the room. The lava quickly cools, and Gem-like statue emerges from the molds.)
Bismuth: Listen up, you Homeworld upper crusts! We! are! the Crystal Gems!! Unh!
(Bismuth points the Breaking Point at a statue and the weapon jabs right through it, causing the statue to instantly burst apart, to Steven's horror.)
Bismuth: So, what do you think?
Steven: Y-You shattered it.
Bismuth: That's right! One shot from this baby will shatter any Gem in the galaxy, in the blink of an eye.
Steven: Shattering a Gem... would destroy them forever.
Bismuth: Exactly! The Homeworld Gems won't be able to retake this planet when they're reduced to shards. There. Now, you look like you really mean Bismuth!
(Bismuth equips the Breaking Point onto Steven's arm, and Steven looks at it in total horror.)
[~Commercial Interlude~]
Bismuth: Now, that's a real weapon. Why don't you give it a test run? This one's got your name on it.
(Bismuth directs Steven to a statue and he approaches it.)
Bismuth: Wait, let me get out of your way. Whoop! *hops onto another platform*
(Steven begins to point the Breaking Point at the statue. However, he is unwilling to activate it, as a bead of tear form in his eye.)
Steven: Ah... Bismuth, I can't use this.
Bismuth: What!? Why not?
Steven: Sh-Shattering Gems... wouldn't that make us the same as Homeworld?
Bismuth: Of course not! We'd be shattering them for the sake of our cause, to protect our allies, our friends; to free all Gems from Homeworld's tyranny!
Steven: It's just, it... It's not what a Crystal Gem would do...
Bismuth: *approaches Steven, slightly irritated* Don't tell me what a Crystal Gem would do. Nobody's more "Crystal Gem" than I am. If you won't take it, I'll just use it myself. *tries to retrieve the Breaking Point*
Steven: NO! No one is using it! *takes off the weapon and throws it away* I'm sorry, Bismuth, but it's not right. *starts tearing up in anger*
Bismuth: ... That's exactly what she said... *clenches her fist*
Steven: Huh?
Bismuth: That's exactly what you said.
Steven: Um, uhh...
Bismuth: It is you, isn't it, Rose?
Steven: Wh-Wha-What are you talking about?!
Bismuth: Don't lie to me! You can't expect me to believe you now, after you lied about everything!? You're lying about this new form, just like you lied to the others about ME!! *grabs Steven's shirt and lifts him up* But I didn't just disappear, did I?! You know what happened to me!!
(Steven quickly creates his bubble shield and escapes from Bismuth's grasp.)
Steven: Wait, Bismuth! This is just a big misunderstanding!
Bismuth: Liar! Don't play games with me, Rose. We were right here. I offered you the secret to victory, and you refused. The Breaking Point would've changed everything. *shapeshifts her hand into a hammer* I didn't want to fight you, but you left me no choice!
(Bismuth tries to smash Steven, but he dodges out of the way. He then runs away and hides behind a Gem statue.)
Bismuth: What type of leader doesn't give her army the best chance to win?!
(Bismuth shapeshifts her hammer hand into a blade and slice at the statue Steven is hiding behind, which he ducks under to avoid. Bismuth then jumps in and stomps on the statue, knocking Steven backwards.)
Bismuth: How could you value the Gems of our enemies more than our own? And look what you've done without me, without the Breaking Point!
(Bismuth begin attacking Steven with her blade hand, who summons his shield to block her attacks.)
Bismuth: You've... LOST!!
(One of Bismuth's blows destroys Steven's shield, knocking him back onto the ground.)
Steven: W-Wait! I'm not my mom! I don't know what she did, but, I'm sure she didn't want to hurt you.
Bismuth: It's too late. I don't believe you anymore!
(Bismuth approaches Steven menacingly. He then quickly creates a spiked bubble shield, forcing Bismuth to jump away.)
Bismuth: All that talk about how Gems could take control of their own identities, how we'd been convinced to ignore our own potential?
(Steven's bubble fades away, with the exhausted Steven falling onto his knees, feeling the heat of the floor.)
Steven: Ah! Hot!
Bismuth: That's all it was, wasn't it?! Just talk!!
(Bismuth shapeshifts her hammer hand once again, smashing a Gem statue, and then front-flips over to smash Steven. Steven quickly jumps away and floats in the air, when his left flip-flop falls off his foot and into the lava, raising Steven's fear.)
Bismuth: You should've listened to me, Rose! I would've taken the war to Homeworld and shatter the Diamonds! I would've liberated... everyone!
(Bismuth grabs one of the statues and throws it at Steven, pinning him into the wall in a crater. Bismuth then walks away and retrieves up the Breaking Point. A severely injured Steven picks up the statue that was thrown at him and jumps off the wall.)
Steven: Unh! Ah! Errggghhhh, Bismuth, watch! out!!
(Steven hurls the statue at Bismuth, which shatters on impact, severely injuring her as well.)
Bismuth: Ugghhh...
(The Breaking Point falls out of Bismuth's hands, rolling towards Steven, and he picks it up, hopping on one foot towards her.)
Steven: Bismuth, this has to stop.
Bismuth: So what are you gonna do, shatter me?!
(Bismuth holds onto the Breaking Point, while still in Steven's hands, and aims it at her gem.)
Bismuth: Go ahead! Just DO IT!!
Steven: No! *tears up* Even if we don't agree, nobody deserves this...!
(Even more enraged, Bismuth yanks the Breaking Point out of Steven's hands, causing him to stumble backwards into his mom's sword on the ground. Bismuth then charges at Steven with the Breaking Point, Steven draws his mom's sword in panic, and the two weapons clash. Steven slowly opens his eyes to find that he is standing up with his bare foot touching the hot floor, with smoking emanating from it. Smoke emanates from the Breaking Point too, as Bismuth has missed Steven with her weapon, and Steven's sword is impaled into her torso. The two stare at each other in disbelief for a brief moment.)
Bismuth: ...You should've shattered me back then... At least if I were in pieces, I wouldn't have to know how little I mattered to you... You didn't even tell 'em...! You bubbled me away and didn't ever tell your friends... My friends...
Steven: *tears up* I'm going to tell them! I'm gonna tell them everything.
Bismuth: *surprised* Heheheheh... Then you really are better than her.
(A tear rolls down Bismuth's cheek before she poofs away, dropping the Breaking Point along with her gem. Steven bubbles Bismuth's gem, and then stares at the Breaking Point. He then throws the weapon into the lava, and it is presumably destroyed.)
[Trans. Int. Beach House]
(Steven warps back into the house, while the Gems are doing their own activities.)
Pearl: Steven!
Amethyst: Oh, hey, dude.
(The Gems quickly notice Steven's injuries, as he limps forward, and run up to him, noticing Bismuth's gem in his bubble.]
Pearl: Oh!
Amethyst: What?!
Steven: There's something I need to tell you.
[Trans. Int. The Burning Room]
(The Crystal Gems mourn the loss of Bismuth, as Garnet floats her bubbled gem into the Burning Room, to join the other bubbled Corrupted Gems in captivity.)
[Trans.Ext. Beach House]
(Steven stands outside on the pouch, staring out to sea. The Gems then walk up to him and comfort him. All of them look up at the starry night sky, as the episode ends.)
[END]