[Open Int. Little Homeworld]
(Steven is seen warping into Little Homeworld by acting a commercial.)
Steven: Hey, all you Gems out there in the universe! Have you been feeling lost and confused in this new era? Then come on down to Little Homeschool! Are you used to destroying things? Then learn to be constructive instead! Are you used to plotting? Then you can tend to this plot of land! Feeling lost without direction from the Diamonds? Come and find your center. Everyone deserves a chance to change, so come on down today! And, cut. *picks up the camera* Thanks for helping update our commercial, guys.
Larimar: I'm an actor.
Steven: I'll get this home and do some editing.
Peridot: Steven, you smell good.
Steven: Uh, what?
Peridot: It's written on your back.
Steven: Huh?
(The writing on Steven's back says "Tell Me I Smell Good".)
Peridot: *laughs* You obviously wrote this yourself.
Steven: No, I didn't. *slurps tomato soup* Mnh! Bleh! Tomato soup?
Peridot: I thought you loved tomato soup!
Steven: Yeah, but... where'd my juice go? *sees toilet paper on Steven's car* Oh, no! The Dondai's been, um... kinda covered in toilet paper?
(Steven hears someone laugh mysteriously.)
Steven: Hey! Whoever you are that's "pranking me," you've got a really weird idea of what a prank is. *sighs* At least I don't have to pick up more toilet paper.
[Trans. Int. Beach House]
(Steven drives in to his house who plays Haven't You Noticed (I'm a Star).)
Steven: Hmm? Whoa, another welcome party. A new Gem must've arrived.
[Trans. Int. Living Room]
(Garnet, Amethyst, and Pearl let Steven join in.)
Amethyst: Yo, dude, come over here and introduce yourself.
Steven: Welcome to Earth! My name's-
Short Fusion Gem: *cockney accent* Well, well, well, if it ain't the old Gem savior himself, Steven Universe!
Steven: *gasps*
(Steven notices that "Eyeball" and Aquamarine knows about fusion.)
Bluebird: Bluebird Azurite, at your service! All right, give us a hug then! *hugs Steven*
Steven: Oh! Heh.
Garnet: Cute.
Bluebird: Mmm. Oh! You like food, yeah?
Steven: Yeah?
Bluebird: Well, sit tight, then. I'll be right back! *flies away*
Steven: What?!
Pearl: Yeah, she just got here and is already exploring Earth cuisine.
(Bluebird flies back.)
Steven: What is this?
Bluebird: Just some old Earth things. Clams, peanut butter, and a side of fresh cut grass. *begs* Please enjoy it. I'm begging you. Please!
Amethyst: Gosh, Steven, don't make her beg.
Steven: S-Sure! Heh. I'll just, uh... dip this here.... *eats the fresh cut grass* Mmm.
Bluebird: *offscreen* Is is good?
Steven: Yeah, it- it's great.
Bluebird: *laughs* Brilliant.
Steven: Can I see you guys in the bathroom?
[Trans. Int. Steven's Bathroom]
(Greg brushes his hair and Steven knocks on the door.)
Steven: Sorry, Dad. Emergency meeting. Don't panic. I think Bluebird is a fusion of Aquamarine and "Eyeball"!
Amethyst: Well, duh.
Garnet: It's pretty obvious.
Steven: What?! Well, how come you're all so calm about this? Did you forget that Aquamarine kidnapped me? How about the fact that "Eyeball" tried to stab me and ratted me out while I was on trial? They must've fused because they both hate me!
Garnet: That was them. This is Bluebird.
Steven: But she pranked me earlier today! She put a sign on my back that said I... smelled good, switched my juice with tomato soup, neatly stack toilet paper... on top of my car?
Pearl: None of that stuff sounds particularly malicious.
Amethyst: Besides, don't you like tomato soup?
Steven: Yeah, but isn't it convenient that Bluebird just showed up here at my house?
Pearl: Steven, you've literally invited all problematic Gems from across the universe to come here and learn a better way of living.
Steven: Well, right.
Greg: Listen, Schtu-ball, if you don't want this Gem around, that's totally fair.
Steven: No, you guys are right. Everyone deserves a chance to change.
Garnet: Don't worry. If she tries anything funny, we'll be there to squash her.
Steven: Thanks, Garnet.
[Trans. Int. Living Room]
Steven: Hey, Bluebird! What's up?
Bluebird: Steven Universe! I'm sorry. I gave you all that food without something to, uh, wash it down with.
Steven: Okay, thank you!
(Steven's juice squirts on Steven.)
Bluebird: How'd that 'appen?
Steven: You obviously shook it.
Garnet: *clears throat* Chance to change. A-hem: Steven: You obviously shook it... by accident.
(Bluebird giggles.)
[Trans. Ext. Beach House]
(Steven walks down and sees Bluebird who's got a knife.)
Steven: ... Hmm? *gasps* PEARL! Bluebird's got a knife!
Pearl: How else are we gonna cut this cake she made for you?
Bluebird: Surprise!
[Trans. Int. Little Homeworld]
(Steven sees Garnet being pinned by Bluebird.)
Steven: Wha? Bluebird's got Garnet pinned! Let Garnet go RIGHT NOW!
Garnet: Hey, Steven. Bluebird was helping me do some stretching before diving into a bit of advanced yoga.
Bluebird: It's very important to stretch!
[Trans. Int. Beach House]
(Steven sees a drawing that says "Steven".)
Steven: ... Ugh.
Amethyst: What's up, dude?
Steven: Bluebird's really getting to me. I mean, look at this terrible drawing she made of me.
Amethyst: *interrupts* Steven, I-
Steven: These, too! I've been finding this junk all over the place.
Amethyst: Steven, those are my drawings! *runs away crying*
Steven: Amethyst, I'm sorry!
Bluebird: What's with the waterworks, love?
Amethyst: My art career is over before it even got off the ground!
Bluebird: I don't know what art is, but this is the best art I've ever seen!
Amethyst: Awww, thanks, Bluebird! I'm gonna work on my art right now! You wanna come?
Bluebird: Lead the way, Amethyst!
[Trans. Int. It's a Wash]
Steven: Hey, Dad!
(Steven hears Greg yelling.)
Steven: Dad, are you okay?!
Greg: What's up, Schtu-ball? Just showin' Bluebird some of my old classic sci-fi horror movies.
Bluebird: Yeah! They're hilarious!
Greg: So, what're you doin' over here? Got somethin' on your mind?
Steven: You know what, Dad? I think I'll be okay.
[Trans. Int. Beach House]
(Steven wakes up and yawns. He looks at himself in the mirror and sees his face with scribble marks of Bluebird's gemstones.)
Steven: Huh? Oh, Bluebird, classic prank.
(The Warp Pad whooshes, tires squealing.)
Steven: What!? Huh? How'd the van...? Oh, gotcha. Welp, I guess Bluebird and Dad must be having a ball together.
Greg: *offscreen* AAAH!
Steven: Sounds like they're watching another horror movie. I'm sure everything's just fine.
Greg: *offscreen* Heeeeelp!!
Steven: O-Okay, Steven. Your dad is fine. Bluebird is cool. Dad?
Greg: *offscreen* Up here, son!! *back onscreen* *straining*
Steven: A-Are those screams of fun?!
Greg: NO!!
Bluebird: An era ago, there were two Gems celebrated for taking down Homeworld's greatest traitor. But then, they were cast out, forgotten, when the traitor duped all of Homeworld into loving him instead. Now, they've come to Earth for their revenge! And forever shall he rue the names -- *unfuses*
Aquamarine: Aquamarine!
"Eyeball"
And Ruby!
Aquamarine: Well?! It's us!
"Eyeball"
It's always been us, and you never knew!
Steven: I always knew. Everyone knew.
Aquamarine: What?!
"Eyeball"
If you knew, they why were your Gems bein' so nice to us, huh?!
Steven: That's 'cause they're nice! They're nice people!
Aquamarine: Enough of this! *grabs Greg's hair*
("Eyeball" pulls a chisel knife out of her gem.)
Steven: Whoa! Hey, careful with my dad! If this is another one of your pranks, you'd better cut it out!
"Eyeball"
That was just us softening you up! Now, the real torture begins!
Aquamarine: We've learned so much about your life, Steven. Especially how much you love your precious "My-Dad". But, if you want him back, you'll have to do us a favor or two, such as... destroying your house!
"Eyeball"
Yeah!
Aquamarine: Bubble your friends!
"Eyeball"
Yeah!
Aquamarine: And burn Little Homeworld to the ground!
"Eyeball"
DO IT!
Steven: No!
Aquamarine: Then "My-Dad" gets it!
"Eyeball"
Gets what?
Aquamarine: Gets hurt. Just do what we saw in that movie.
"Eyeball"
Oh, yeah! *laughs maliciously*
Greg: ... Aah! That's enough!
"Eyeball"
Hey!
(Greg swipes "Eyeball"'s chisel knife and cuts his hair and falls.)
Steven: No!!
Aquamarine: What!?
(Steven catches Greg.)
Steven: Dad, are you okay?
Aquamarine: Ugh! Disgusting! *throws Greg's hair*
Greg: *whimpering* Oh, my baby! *crying*
Aquamarine: *offscreen* How could you let that happen?
"Eyeball"
*offscreen* You distracted me!
Aquamarine: *offscreen* I was directing you!
Steven: Father, go inside.
(Greg goes inside. Steven turns pink.)
Steven: I WON'T LET YOU GET AWAY WITH THIS!
(Steven jumps up and fights "Eyeball" and Aquamarine.)
Aquamarine: We have to fuse if we're going to beat him.
("Eyeball" and Aquamarine fuses and fails.)
"Eyeball"
What was that?!
Aquamarine: You were uncoordinated. Try again!
("Eyeball" and Aquamarine fuses and fails all time.)
"Eyeball"
That's it! I've had it with you!
("Eyeball" and Aquamarine fighting as Steven changes back to his normal color.)
Steven: Tsk, tsk, tsk. You guys fused just because you hate me, didn't you?
"Eyeball" and Aquamarine: Yes!
Steven: If that's the only reason, then it's no wonder you can't keep it together.
Aquamarine: What are you talking about?
Steven: There are so many other reasons to fuse, like friendship and responsibility... and love. Imagine how much better it would feel to fuse to support each other instead of tearing someone down. Your life would fill with warmth and friendship and joy, and love and --
"Eyeball"
Wowie, wow! He is so annoying!
Aquamarine: I hate him so much!
"Eyeball" and Aquamarine: I know! Me too! *they fuse again*
Steven: Are you kidding me?
Bluebird: Back at last! *summons her sword and laughs*
(Steven summons his shield.)
Bluebird: En garde!
(Swords whooshing. Bluebird fight Steven.)
Pearl: Steven, why is Greg crying in the bathroom?
Amethyst: Tell him he's gotta move his dang va- AAAAAAH!!!!
Bluebird: DIE! DIE! DIE! DIE! DIE! DIE!- Now, if it isn't my favorite trio.
(They fuse into Alexandrite.)
Bluebird: Oh, no.
(Alexandrite slaps Bluebird into the ground. They unfuse.)
Steven: Are you two okay?
Aquamarine: Oh, we've been defeated.
"Eyeball"
Yep.
Aquamarine: I've completely learned my lesson.
"Eyeball"
Huh?
Aquamarine: I'm sorry, Steven. Accept my apology? *swipe* Gotcha! *laughs* You may have gotten us this time, but we'll be out there.
"Eyeball"
Hating you!
Aquamarine: Forever!
"Eyeball"
You smelllll....! *disappears into the sky*
Amethyst: I guess, there really are Gems out there that hate you.
Steven: Yep, but I'm not the one they hurt.
(Gren sits on the shore, coping with his loss.)
Steven: I'm really sorry, Dad. I never should have given Bluebird a chance.
Greg: *sighs* I love how you believe in everyone. You stuck to your principles, and I'm proud of you. I mean, everyone can change, but not everyone wants to.
Steven: Yeah.
Greg: *lets lost hair flow into the ocean* Goodbye, old pal. You're finally free.
[END]