[Open Int. Galaxy Warp]
(Peridot is seen carrying pieces of a broken Warp Pad and piling them together.)
Peridot: Stupid broken warp... First, the Communication Hub, ugh... now this is busted again... *forms her finger screen* These Crystal Gems are a menace...
(One of the active warp pads activates and Steven and the Gems arrive, startling Peridot.)
Pearl: Oh, aha! *points at Peridot* Look! I was right! My plan worked perfectly!
Steven: *waves at Peridot* Good mornin'!
Peridot: What!? How did you know I was here?
Steven: We found a secret way to track you, and we'll never tell you how, even if you ask nicely. *taunts Peridot by sticking out his tongue and pulling his eyelid*
Garnet: Peridot! We're here to—
Pearl: *interrupts Garnet and points at Peridot* And you'll never get away with this!
Peridot: Don't you Gems have anything better to do than annoy me!?
Amethyst: *punches her fist into her palm* Nope, we're gonna—
Pearl: *interrupts Amethyst* Prepare to be annoyed!
Peridot: *groans* I don't have time for this! *forms a blaster with her fingers and generates a small energy ball* This planet has an expiration date, and I'm not gonna stick around to find out when!
(Peridot fires the energy shot, but the force of the blast knocks Peridot over. The shot misses the Crystal Gems, but hits a nearby pillar, causing it to fall over.)
Pearl: Wha—!?
(Steven summons his shield and protects the group from the falling debris. Pearl turns around and glares at Peridot, who is still on the ground. Peridot looks at her blaster, and then back at Pearl, chuckling.)
Pearl: That's it! I'm taking her out! *charges towards Peridot*
Garnet: Pearl, wait!
(Peridot fires a tractor beam at Pearl in retaliation, immobilizing her entirely.)
Peridot: Ha! Sorry, but you're going the wrong way!
(Peridot swings Pearl around and throws her away, causing her to collide into Steven, and thus causing his shield to disappear. Garnet then holds up the falling debris with her gauntlets.)
Garnet: *turns to Amethyst* Get her!
(Amethyst charges at Peridot, using her spin dash attack. Peridot jumps and dodges out of the way, causing Amethyst to crash into the pile of rubble that Peridot was moving earlier. Amethyst pops out of the pile and shakes off the dust, growling. Peridot tauntingly scuttles away on her fingers.)
Peridot: Hahahaha, you missed.
(Meanwhile, Pearl is still on top of Steven.)
Steven: Pearl!
Pearl: Huh?
(Steven nudges Pearl off of him and chases after Peridot. Peridot scuttles onto one of the warp pads, only to find that it does not work.)
Peridot: AGH! Doesn't anything work on this cruddy planet!?
Steven: I do!
(Steven, with his shield summoned again, tosses it at Peridot like a frisbee.)
Peridot: Huh? *gets hit in the head with the shield* OW!
Garnet: Amethyst, catch!
(Garnet hurls the broken pillar she is holding in the air, and Amethyst grabs it with her whip.)
Amethyst: Destroy!
(Amethyst hurls the pillar like a flail and it smashes the warp pad, completely destroying it. The force of the impact also launches Peridot into the air.)
Peridot: Waaaah!
Pearl: *chasing after Peridot, with arms outstretched* I got her, I got her, I got her!
(Garnet dispels her gauntlets and move backwards to try and catch Peridot. Pearl then collide into Garnet, while Peridot manages to avoid landing on them through use of her helicopter fingers.)
Garnet: Pearl!
Pearl: Oh!?
Garnet: Get off me!
(Peridot flies away as Pearl gets up.)
Pearl: I'm sorry, I'm sorry! I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
(Pearl tries to help Garnet up, but she gets up on her own and grimaces at Pearl, causing to recoil back.)
Peridot: Wow. This is just sad. *lands on a functional warp pad* I almost feel sorry for you.
(Peridot mimics Steven's taunt before warping away. The group stares in silence for a moment.)
Steven: *waving* Have a great weekend! (The Gems look incredulously at Steven.) I mean, I hope... her weekend is... not so great?
[Trans. Int. Beach House]
(The Crystal Gems warp back home, all looking noticeably distraught.)
Pearl: Okay, I realize that was a bit of a fiasco. But there's a silver lining to this! *walks off the warp pad to Peridot's escape pod, wired to the warp pad* Now we know for sure that we can track her every movement! Whenever she uses the warp system, her escape pod will instantly detect exactly where she is. It's only a matter of time until we catch her, and when we do, we'll be able to close this chapter and finally move on! *turns to Garnet* Right?
(Garnet remains quiet as Pearl waits for a response, noticeably apprehensive. Steven and Amethyst appear tense. The silence lasts for a momemt.)
Amethyst: *sighs heavily* Look, isn't there something that maybe the two of you might need to talk about?
(The escape pod suddenly activates, and the touchscreen activates. Pearl puts her hand onto it, causing her eyes to display data.)
Pearl: It's Peridot. She's using the warps right now. *projects a globe hologram from her gem, with a marker pointing around northern South America* Look! This is where she is. We got her for sure this time. *starts walking towards the warp pad* If she thinks she's got the upper hand, then she's got another thing coming. And that's us!
(Garnet follows Pearl to the warp pad, still seemingly tense.)
Steven: Well... at least Pearl's optimistic.
Amethyst: It won't help. She can hand Peridot over on a silver platter, but it won't make up for the stunt she pulled to get Garnet to fuse with her.
(Amethyst walks to the warp pad, while Steven stands on the spot, in contemplation.)
Garnet: Steven! Let's go.
[Trans. Ext. Ancient Gem Colony Ship]
(The Crystal Gems warp in, near an abandoned Gem ship located in the middle of a jungle.)
Steven: Woah...
Pearl: Ha! She's desperate. Look at this! She's cornered herself in there!
Garnet: Mmm.
Pearl: We've got her just where we want her.
Steven: What is—?
Pearl: *excitedly and hastily* Excellent question, Steven! What we see before us is an ancient interplanetary Gem vessel. *projects a depiction of the ships approaching and landing on Earth from her gem* Homeworld Gems used these ships to travel across the cosmos and land here on Earth before the warp pads were built. But these ships landed here so long ago that there's no way they can be functional. Peridot's running out of options!
Garnet: Pearl! We can't waste time, let's focus on the task at—
Pearl: *runs on ahead* Ah, yes! The task at hand! No more dawdling, let's go get Peridot!
(Steven and Amethyst look at each other apprehensively. The Crystal Gems then head into the ship, with Pearl attempting to take the lead. The inside of the ship is revealed to be full of plant life, showing its age. The group approaches the ship's control panel.)
Steven: It's more like a greenhouse than a spaceship.
Amethyst: Looks like Earth won this battle.
(Suddenly, the Gem projector on the control panel activates. The group stops in their tracks, as the projector reveals Peridot's face.)
Peridot: *laughing tauntingly* You Gems really are as dull as dirt!
Pearl: You're the dull one if you think you can fly this wreck!
(Peridot glares silently for a brief moment, as Pearl's voice vaguely echoes in the background.)
Peridot: ... What? Can you speak louder? Some of these communicators are gunked up.
(Steven grabs one of the Gem communicators, brushes the plants off of it, and speaks into it.)
Steven: *clears his throat* Pearl says, "You're the dull one if you think you can fly this wreck!"
(Peridot glares again silently for a brief moment, as Steven's voice this time vaguely echoes in the background.)
Peridot: *laughs* Fly!? I'm not using this vessel to fly! I'm using it to trap you! (The entryway to the ship suddenly closes behind the Crystal Gems.) Isn't this nice... no more Crystal Gems running around, messing with my plans, destroying my things... looks like I've got you just where I want you. How does it feel to be so easily outsmarted, you clods!?
Pearl: No... !
Amethyst: *speaking into the communicator* Hey, uh, this is Amethyst, I don't appreciate being called a clod, you clo—
Peridot: *interrupts* Enough talk! Prepare yourselves for annihilation! Hi-yah!
(Peridot presses something off-screen, and the Crystal Gems looks around in worry, but nothing happens. Annoyed, Peridot presses another button, activating the ship's laser defense systems, which were covered in moss. The laser shooters extend towards the Crystal Gems as they power up.)
Peridot: Aha! It works! Yes...! Die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die!
(Lasers start firing at the Crystal Gems, as they try to dodge and avoid them. Steven then summons his shield and holds it above his head.)
Steven: Hey guys, over here!
(The Gems retreat under Steven's shield, when Garnet manages to spot a way out of the room.)
Garnet: This way!
(The Crystal Gems heads towards the exit, using Steven's shield as an umbrella to protect them from the lasers. They manage to make it to safety, only for Steven's shield to quickly disappear and for Steven to collapse in exhaustion.)
Amethyst: You're on fire, Steven!
Steven: *panting* That's three shields in one day! Not too sha—
(Suddenly, a spike emerges from the ground in front of Steven, almost hitting him. Several more spikes emerges from all directions, as the Gems manage to dodge them.)
Garnet: Move!
(Pearl and Garnet run ahead while Amethyst carries Steven. Peridot's voice can be heard in the background as the group dodges the spikes.)
Peridot: SPIKES! How do you like my spikes!?
(The Crystal Gems eventually reach the end of the hallway, encountering what appears to be Peridot.)
Pearl: PERIDOT! *charge at Peridot*
Garnet: Pearl, don't just... ! *growls in frustration*
(Pearl slashes at Peridot with her spear, only to find that it is merely a hologram. The hologram deforms from the slash briefly, before reforming.)
Peridot: Heheheh, you idiot.
(Pearl, filled with rage, repeatedly slashes at the hologram, and Garnet facepalms. The group walks up to Pearl, who eventually tires herself out and gives up her effort, panting heavily.)
Garnet: Pearl, stop. That isn't helping.
Pearl: I have to do something! I can't believe I walked us right into Peridot's trap. This is all my... (The Peridot hologram suddenly disappears, as the ship begins to shake furiously.) ... fault?
(The floor then collapses into a funnel beneath the Crystal Gems, causing all of them to fall. As they are falling, Amethyst quickly summons two whips and use one of them to grab Steven, and the other to grab a vine on the ceiling of the ship, effectively stopping her and Steven's fall.)
Amethyst: I got you Steven!
Steven: Thanks Amethyst! *gasps* Garnet and Pearl! Are you guys okay?
(Steven, hanging from the whip by his waist, looks down to see Garnet and Pearl at the bottom of the drop in a small chamber.)
Garnet: We're fine!
(Suddenly, the floor closes up above Garnet and Pearl, trapping them within the chamber.)
Amethyst: ... Crud...
(Amethyst, retracting her whips and carrying Steven, slides down the walls and lands on the floor that had closed up above Garnet and Pearl. Amethyst and Steven look up, and see a giant monitor screen displaying Garnet and Pearl in the chamber. Both of them are frantically attacking the walls inside with their weapons. Above the screen are three immobile Gem gears.)
Steven: *runs up to the screen with Amethyst* We gotta get 'em out! Amethyst, what should we... !?
Pearl: Garnet... I'm sorry!
(Steven and Amethyst then hear Pearl speaking to Garnet through the screen's audio feed.)
Amethyst: *halts Steven* Wait a sec.
Pearl: Things weren't supposed to turn out this way.
Garnet: *punches the wall one more time* We'll get out of here somehow.
Pearl: *sighs* That's not what I mean... I really wanted to catch Peridot to make up for what I did... (Garnet dispels her gauntlets.) I wanted to prove to you that... that everything could go back to normal...
Garnet: Catching Peridot won't make things go back to normal. This isn't about Peridot.
Amethyst: Hey! They're actually talking!
Steven: Now they can finally work things out!
(Suddenly, the Gem gears above Amethyst and Steven start to activate and turn, causing the walls of the chamber, that Garnet and Pearl are in, to close in on them.)
Amethyst: Not if they get crushed!
(Garnet and Pearl start pushing against the walls.)
Pearl: *panting* Please! Tell me! How can I make you forgive me!?
Garnet: You can't! You lied to me! You need to learn that there are consequences to your actions!
Pearl: I'm sorry! I... I couldn't help myself!
(Garnet kicks the wall on Pearl's side, in an attempt to slow the walls down.)
Garnet: I don't want to hear your excuses!
Pearl: But it's true! No matter how hard I try to be strong like you... I'm just a Pearl. I'm useless on my own. *starts to cry* I need someone to tell me what to do.
(The walls suddenly stop moving. Outside the chamber, Amethyst is using her whip to bind two of the Gem gears together, preventing them from turning. Steven is pulling on Amethyst to provide support.)
Pearl: *holding her arms* ... When we fuse, I can feel what it's like to be you. Confident and secure, and complete. You're perfect. You're the perfect relationship, you're always together, I just... I wanted to be a part of that.
Garnet: You're wrong! I'm not as strong as you think! I fell apart over this. Ruby and Sapphire were in turmoil over how you deceived me. I came undone...
Amethyst: Woah, that really happened?
Steven: Hmm. *nods affirmatively*
Garnet: It's not easy being in control. I have weaknesses too. But I choose not to let them consume me. I struggle to stay strong because I know the impact I have on everyone. Please understand, Pearl. You have an impact too. There are times when I look up to you for strength. You are your own gem. You control your destiny. Not me, not Rose, not Steven. But you must choose to be strong, so we can move forward. So I can trust you again.
Pearl: ... I understand. I can't give up anymore!
Garnet: Good!
(Just then, Amethyst's whip snaps, and Steven and Amethyst fall backwards. The whip disappears and the Gem gears begin to move again, causing the walls to close in on Garnet and Pearl once again.)
Garnet: Pearl, there's only one way out of this!
Pearl: Only if you're okay with it.
(Garnet nods affirmatively.)
Steven & Amethyst: *panicking, running back and forth* AAAH! What do we do, what do we do, what do we do!?
(The floor suddenly breaks open, as Sardonyx jumps out of the hole, using her war hammer as a drill. She immediately then unfuses back into Garnet and Pearl, and the two look at each other for a moment.)
[Trans. Int. Ancient Gem Colony Ship Control Bridge]
(Peridot is seen pushing all sorts of buttons on the control panel. There are three projectors, two of which appear to show nothing but static, and the remaining one showing a map of the ship, though it flickers into static for moments at a time.)
Peridot: Urrgh, stupid button here, I don't know what anything is AGGGH! *raises her fists in frustration* Blast this old Gem tech! Where'd they go? Why isn't anything working!? Ahhh!
(The wall behind Peridot suddenly blasts open, and the Crystal Gems burst in.)
Garnet: Surrender, Peridot! You have nowhere to run!
Steven: The Crystal Gems are gonna get yoooou!
Peridot: You really think this is the end!? *aims her blaster at the Crystal Gems* Hahahaha... this, this is only the beginning... of my escape!
(Peridot then points her blaster away at the ceiling and fires an energy shot, blast a large hole in the roof of the ship. The Crystal Gems brace themselves from the impact, and Peridot begins flying off again with her helicopter fingers towards the hole, laughing tauntingly.)
Peridot: Well, I'd love to stick around and watch another one of your pathetic attempts to capture me, but I guess I'm just too smart for the likes of you lumpy, clumpy, clods!
(Peridot continues laughing, but is suddenly weighed down. She looks down and sees Steven, grabbing onto one of her feet.)
Steven: I caught a Peridot!
Peridot: Hey! Get your touch-stumps off me, you Steven! (Peridot tries to shake Steven off, and in retaliation, Steven bites Peridot's foot.) Hey!
Amethyst: *jumps and grabs onto Steven* Yeah, Steven!
Pearl: *grabs onto Amethyst* Don't let her go!
(Garnet then grabs onto Pearl's leg, and the Crystal Gems effectively tethers Peridot from her flight.)
Peridot: Raagh! *starts flicking Steven in his face* Let go of me, you, you... persistent... little... whatever exactly you are!
Garnet: Peridot, your flight's... been cancelled!
Peridot: Nooo...!
(Peridot taps on her foot with one of her fingers, outlining it with a lime-greenish glow. It then suddenly detaches from the rest of her body, causing Steven, Amethyst, and Pearl to fall. Peridot, now freed, flees, as smoke emanates out of the hole where Peridot's foot used to be.)
Peridot: *groans in anger* You'll pay for this, Crystal Gems. I'll get you back, just you waaaaait!
(The Crystal Gems watch in a daze, as Peridot flies out of sight. Pearl stands up and looks up towards the sky, with a determined expression. Steven gets up and walks beside her.)
Steven: Pearl...?
Pearl: It's okay, Steven. Next time... *holds up Peridot's foot* ...We'll get the rest of her. Right, Garnet?
Garnet: It's a good step forward.
Steven: *laughs* Foot joke!
(Steven, Garnet, and Pearl all start laughing, as Amethyst looks on, still sitting on the ground.)
Amethyst: *sighs heavily and falls backwards with a smile* Finally.
(The star iris closes on Amethyst's satisfied face, ending the episode.)
[END]