[Open Int. Beach House]
(Connie is holding a camera and facing it towards Steven and the Gems on the couch.)
Connie: I'm recording.
Steven: Thanks Connie! *reading a song list* Okay, it's 5-6-3-8-3.
Pearl: *typing on a tablet* 5, 6, 3, 8, 3.
Amethyst: Come on. Play the song, P. I can't waits no mores.
Pearl: Amethyst, I'm trying. Steven, are you sure that's the right number? I keep typing it in, but it doesn't seem to be playing.
Steven: Oh, you need to hit "Start".
Pearl: Ahh... I see.
(An instrumental version of "Haven't You Noticed (I'm a Star)" begins playing on the TV.)
Steven: Yes! *picks up a microphone* Connie, the song's starting!
Connie: Actually, you guys just go on ahead.
Steven: Are you sure?
Connie: It's fine. Someone's gotta hold the camera, right?
Steven: Oh. All right. ♪ I can't help it if I make a scene, ♪ Stepping out of my hot pink limousine. ♪
Amethyst: Yeah, boi!
(Pearls picks up a tambourine and begins playing.)
Steven: ♪ I'm turning heads and I'm stopping traffic, ♪ When I pose, they scream, and when I joke, they laugh. ♪
(Amethyst grabs another microphone, kicks the items on the table off and jumps on top, shocking Pearl.)
Steven & Amethyst: ♪ I've got a pair of eyes that they're getting lost in, ♪
Amethyst: ♪ They're hypnotized by my way of walking, ♪ *shakes her butt at Pearl*
Pearl: *chuckles* Oh, Amethyst.
(Garnet grabs the microphone from Amethyst.)
Garnet: ♪ I've got them dazzled like a stage magician, ♪ When I point, they look, and when I talk, they listen, well, ♪
(Pearl grabs the microphone from Steven.)
Pearl: ♪ Everybody needs a friend, ♪ And I've got you and you and you. ♪ So many, I can't even name them, ♪ Can you blame me? I'm too famous. ♪
Steven: Connie?
(Connie turns the camera towards Steven, who is standing next to her.)
Steven: Connie, come on! The best part's coming up.
Connie: Oh, it's fine, you guys are already doing a great job.
Steven: Come on, it's your turn.
Connie: Are you sure?
Steven: Yeah, go on. Have fun!
Connie: Ok!
(Steven turns over the camera while Garnet hands Connie the microphone.)
Connie: Thanks, Garnet! ♪ Haven't you noticed that I'm a star? ♪ I'm coming into view as the world is turning. ♪ Haven't you noticed I made it this far? ♪ Now, everyone can see me burning. ♪
(Connie poses dramatically on the table as she sings, and Steven turns the camera around to capture himself, Connie, and the Gems.)
Everyone: ♪ Now, everyone can see me burning. ♪ Now, everyone can see me burning. ♪
(Everyone starts cheering and laughing together.)
Pearl: Connie, what a finale!
Connie: *blushes* Thanks, Pearl!
Amethyst: You're a karaoke beast! *flexes*
Connie: Aww, thanks you guys. I really-
(Just then, the song starts to play again.)
Amethyst: Uh, Pearl? How many times did you enter the song number before hitting "Start"?
Pearl: Probably about 15 times?
*Connie lifts microphone into the air*
Connie: Encore!
Steven: Yeah!
[END]