[Open Ext. It's a Wash]
(Steven is sitting on a chair outside of the car wash, reading his own texts while texting on his phone.)
Steven: "Hey, Connie. How are you today?" "Hope everything's going okay." "It'd be cool if you told me it was..." "I guess I miss you." "I know yesterday I said, "I guess" but I mean," "I do miss you..." "Hope you didn't get your phone mixed up with a tennis ball. Ha ha." A tennis ball? Really, Universe?! *sighs*
Greg: Help! Ah! Yah! Back!
(Greg is then seen struggling to remove a water hose that is tangled around himself.)
Greg: Ugh! Hey, uh, Steve-aroni, ughh, want to help your old Pa over here?
Steven: Uh, yeah, Dad, one sec.
(Steven reluctantly sends a final text to Connie, reading "Please talk to me.")
Steven: Sorry. Sorry. I'm on it.
(Steven runs up to Greg and bites off a piece of the hose, freeing Greg.)
Steven: *grunts* Are you good? Are you safe? Do you still love me?
Greg: Yeah, of- of course, buddy. It's just some hoses. I can buy new ones. I still have like... 9 million dollars left, and what better way to spend that than on some hoses, right, kiddo?
Steven: Yeah, Dad.
(Steven's cellphone vibrates and gasps in shock. He holds out his phone and reluctantly checks it, only to see a text from Ronaldo.)
Ronaldo (Voiceover)
"STEVEEEN! So. Did you ever get around to watching the "Koala Princess" box set I lent you three months ago?"
(Steven sighs in dismay.)
Greg: Hey, is... everything okay? You're looking a little glum.
Steven: I am a little glum.
Greg: Do you want to talk about it?
Steven: Umm... It's just... space lag... from when I went to space. *walks off*
Greg: Hmm...
[Trans. Int. Beach House]
(Back home, Steven is absentmindedly wiping a plate with a soap bottle, still sighing in disappointment, when his cellphone starts vibrating again.
Steven: Ah! *throws the plate and soap bottle away in surprise* Waahh!
(Steven reaches for his phone but then pauses himself.)
Steven: Wait. No. I need to play it cool.
(Steven casually flips over his phone and eagerly checks his phone screen.)
Ronaldo (Voiceover)
"I'm just gonna assume by your silence that you're entangled within the immersive koala lore of the show." "Did you get to the part where Koala Princess and Kanga-Roofus kiss?"
(Disappointed, Steven puts down his phone, when he hears Greg's voice from outside.)
Greg: Steven, you want to help us with these... groceries?
Steven: Coming.
(Greg and the Crystal Gems walk in,each carrying some groceries.)
Greg: Eh? Eh?
Amethyst: *muffled( Check this out, Steven. *spits out an egg, with normal voice again* It's farm fresh.
Steven: Uhh... Thanks guys, but the fridge is full.
Greg: Not the fridge at our vacation house!
(Greg pulls a confetti popper as the Gems clap and cheer.)
The Gems: Whoo! Vacation!
Greg: I thought, "Why spend money on hoses when I can spend it on houses?" So I found a place we could rent for the weekend by searching online.
(Greg holds up his phone, displaying an image of their vacation house with a four star rating.)
Greg: Back in the old days, we just went door-to-door hoping one was unlocked. But, this is the new days!
Steven: Okay. Well, have fun.
Greg: Uh, Steven, you're going on vacation, too. *coughs and glances at Pearl*
Pearl: Oh, yes. This is the perfect time for a vacation- I mean, how often are we on the same planet together?
Amethyst: Yeah. And you'll be with your favorite Gems, and your favorite dad.
Garnet: Agree with Amethyst. Turn to Steven. Steven, you should go. No, with more enthusiasm. Steven, it's a vacation! *gives a thumbs-up*
Steven: I mean, I would, but I'm really tied up with something important.
(Steven checks his phone again, as more texts keep appearing from Ronaldo.)
Ronaldo (Voiceover)
"In the end, the wombats were for naught." "But it really makes you think-"
Steven: I'll go.
Garnet: Aced it!
[Trans. Ext. Cool Ranch]
(Greg drives Steven and the Gems in his van up to the front of their vacation house, while Steven's eyes is fixated onto his phone.)
Greg: Here it is, temporary home sweet temporary home.
(Everyone gets out and begins unloading the van; Steven observes Garnet and Amethyst carrying a mattress in the house.)
Steven: Is that my bed?
Greg: Yeah. I want you to be as comfortable as possible, finally have some family time. I feel... like you haven't had that in a while.
Steven: *looking down at his phone* Yeah, maybe.
Greg: This place is great! They have one of those refrigerators that dispense water, not to mention four windows, and an analog clock!
Pearl: *reading off a piece of memo* Hmm, says here we can't use the water dispenser or the clock. Windows must be kept closed at all times, and remove all shoes before entering. Hmm.
(Pearl notices a pair of shoes outside the house. She picks them up and throws them away, before walking inside the house. Amethyst then peeks out through the doorway.)
Amethyst: Hey, Greg, did you invite anyone else? Party guy, about three feet long, hissing, reptilian?
Greg: No...?
Amethyst: Well... You might want to factor in a plus-one.
Pearl: Oh! Party guy! No!
(Hissing and clashing noises are heard from within the house.)
Greg: I promise. It's gonna be a really good time.
Steven: *keeps looking down at his phone* It's a great place, Dad.
[Time-Skip; Dusk]
(Steven, Greg, and the Gems are gathered outside, lounging and barbecuing.)
Amethyst: It only bit Pearl once, but, like, we're Gems. She'll be okay.
Pearl: *groans* It isn't the pain. It's the surprise.
(Greg and Amethyst glance over to Steven, who is still engrossed on his phone.)
Greg: Hey, Amethyst, do you think you could...
Amethyst: Yeah! *walks over and sits down beside Steven* Hey, Steven.
Steven: Hi, Amethyst.
Amethyst: Man, you can see the stars so clearly out here. It's pretty, huh?
Steven: Huh? Uh, I don't know. *shrugs* It's... okay.
Amethyst: Hey, hey. It's okay, if it isn't okay.
Steven: The sky?
Amethyst: Yeah.
Steven: What?
Amethyst: *shrugs* I don't know. So, uh, you really into phones now?
Steven: No.
(Steven nervously puts his phone away. Amethyst looks at Greg and shrugs.)
[Time-Skip; Night-time]
(Still staring at his phone, Steven bumps into the door inside the house, and opens it to walk outside, when Greg and Garnet, sitting in a hot tub, greet him.)
Greg: Hey, Schtu-ball! Won't you take my place? I've been in here way too long. I'm gonna become a raisin.
(Greg winks at Garnet before climbing out and walking away.)
Garnet: Steven, you should join me. Become a raisin.
Steven: Okay, but one sec.
(Steven walks away and returns with his phone in a ziplock bag, and climbs into the tub with his clothes still on.)
Garnet: Steven, I know what's troubling you.
Steven: You do? *smiles in a sense of relief* Gosh. I really messed up, didn't I?
Garnet: You didn't do anything wrong. Pink Diamond was a villain.
(Steven's relief quickly fades, as Garnet attempts to weave another epic tale, cuing a flashback of the Crystal Gems facing off a massive Gem, presumably Pink Diamond.)
Garnet: It was 5,750 years ago. Pink Diamond was ravishing the planet-
Steven: Yeah, I know.
(The flashback abruptly ends.)
Garnet: Oh.
Steven: Pink Diamond was bad. Everything bad had to happen so good things could kind of happen.
Garnet: Uh, good. You understand.
[Time-Skip; The Next Day]
(Steven is rocking back and forth on a chair outside the house, still fixated on his phone.)
Steven: Buzz. Buzz. At least wiggle a little.
Greg: Come on. Can't you give it another shot?
(Overhearing the others inside the house, Steven approaches the door and peeks inside.)
Amethyst: What are we supposed to do? He just doesn't want to talk about it.
Greg: But... I know it's not space lag. This is some Gem thing he knows I won't understand. I don't know anything about Homeworld. I don't know anything about your society. Whatever horrible things he saw out there, you guys have to put it into context.
Garnet: If Steven won't talk to us, then the help we can give him is limited. We've all tried to coax it out of him, except for... *turns to Pearl*
Pearl: Me? But I have no idea what Homeworld is like now.
Greg: Pearl, please.
Amethyst: He knows you know about space stuff.
Garnet: It can't hurt to try.
(Pearl walks toward the door, prompting Steven to quickly move away.)
Steven: Mmm!
(Steven sits down on the porch, pretending to stare at his phone, as Pearl steps outside.)
Pearl: Heh, it sure is quiet out here, huh?
Steven: Yeah.
Pearl: So... Homeworld... I always hoped you'd see it some day, but I thought I'd be there with you. Being taken there... as a prisoner, I suppose it was something of a... traumatic experience...?
(Pearl glances down at Steven, still on his phone.)
Pearl: It's just... *sits down*next to Steven* Steven, I'm sure you have a lot of questions you'd like answers to, like about the Diamonds, for instance? There are things that are... impossible for me to explain. But I want to. I-
(Pearl almost instantly, seemingly involuntarily, covers her mouth before she can speak, as Steven grows increasingly distressed. Pearl tries to pull her hand off her hands with her other hand.)
Pearl: Steven, I- *covers mouth again and doubles over*
Steven: Connie hates me!
Pearl: ... Wha?
(Greg, Garnet, and Amethyst suddenly burst through the door.)
Greg: We weren't listening.
Garnet: Also continue, Steven.
Steven: I'm not upset about what happened on Homeworld although, yeah, a lot of that was really messed up. But my relationship with Connie is even more messed up. I left her behind to go to Homeworld after promising we'd face everything together. I'm sure I really hurt her. I've been calling and texting her for a week, but she hasn't responded once. *tears up* Connie might never talk to me again.
(Steven runs away crying.)
Garnet: Steven!
Greg: I'll go get him. I don't know anything about Homeworld, but I know about this.
(Greg begins searching for Steven, who is seen cowering behind a pair of  barrels.)
Greg: Steven? Steven?
Steven: Steven's not here.
Greg: Oh, that's too bad. So, I guess I'll just talk to this Steven-shaped barrel instead.
Steven: If you must.
Greg: Schtu-ball, if this was about Connie, why didn't you say anything sooner?
Steven: I was... embarra... *hesitates to continue*
Greg: You were... embroidered? Embroiled? Emboldened to talk to your old man about your problems?
Steven: I was embarrassed, okay!? You and the Gems all like Connie, and I was worried that if you heard what happened then... You'd be mad at me too.
Greg: Oh, Steven, of course we're not mad. And I'm sure Connie's not mad, either. Well, at least I'm sure she doesn't hate you. That whole handing-yourself-over-to-Homeworld thing was definitely a high-stress situation. It really scared all of us. I'm not exactly over it either, but I guess carting you off to the middle of nowhere to spend time with you is my way of dealing with it. Maybe having some distance from you is Connie's way.
Steven: But the last thing I did was send her a bunch of dumb texts. I made some weird joke about tennis, and I don't even know if it makes sense, an-
Greg: Tennis?
Steven: *hands Greg his phone* See? No wonder she hasn't responded.
Greg: Uhh, Steven? You don't get any service out here.
Steven: ...What are you even telling me? Maybe she's been trying to get in touch with me this whole time, and I haven't seen it! What if she thinks I'm ignoring her? Dad! We have to find cell service.
Greg: Right!
[Time-Skip; Dusk]
(Steven gets into Greg's van and signals the Gems to get in.)
Steven: Go, go, go!
Pearl: Okay.
(Steven buckles his seat belt and holds out his phone.)
Steven: Floor it!
(Greg steps on the accelerator panel and begins driving away from Cool Ranch.)
Greg: How we doing?
Steven: *observing the signal bars on his phone* Take a right!
(Greg turns the van right, driving it off-road.)
Steven: Nah, back up. No, wait! Keep going!
(The signal begins to improve.)
Greg: We're heading for a cliff, buddy.
Steven: Just a little further.
Greg: Gonna have to stop soon.
Steven: Almost got it!
Greg: Ahh!
(Greg stops the van just before the edge of the cliff. He sighs in  relief as Steven climbs onto the roof of the van.)
Steven: Come on. Come on. Come on. (Steven's phone finally receives full reception.) Yes! We've got service!
(A new message pops up on Steven's phone and Steven gasps in surprise. He opens it only to find...)
Ronaldo (Voiceover)
"Steven! When I didn't hear back from you, I was sure a nefarious plot was afoot-"
Greg: *peeks up at the roof of the van* Well?
Steven: *disappointed* ...No. No messages from Connie.
(Greg climbs up onto the roof and sits down beside Steven, who quickly falls over onto Greg's lap in remorse.)
Greg: Aww. You'll get through this, buddy. I know it hurts now, but... give it time.
Steven: I know. I need to let it go.
(The Gems then peeks up at the roof too.)
Pearl: Got room for three more?
Steven: Always.
(The Gems climb atop and join Steven and Greg on the roof.)
Amethyst: Nice night, isn't it?
Steven: ...Yeah.
[END]