[Open ???]
(The episode opens in darkness, as Amethyst's voice is heard, seemingly guiding someone.)
Amethyst: Two steps to the left. There's a chair right behind you. Sit down and... okay.
(The "someone" reveals to be Steven, as he removes his blindfold and finds himself inside Fish Stew Pizza.)
Amethyst: Ta-da!
Steven: Fish Stew Pizza- What a nice surprise!
Amethyst: That's not the surprise! Notice anything different?
(A Gem is seen walking into the kitchen behind Kiki at the counter.)
Steven: Bixbite? I-Is she working here?
Amethyst: Yeah, dude! And she's crushing it! Bixbite is an expert at slicing and dicing, so now she can put her skills to use in a pizza shop.
(Bixbite dexterously slices the pizza ingredients and tops a pizza crust with it. Kiki scoops the pizza away, as Kofi Pizza brings in a freshly-baked pizza. Bixbite then skillfully cut the pizza with a pizza cutter, and brings it to Steven and Amethyst.)
Steven: That's awesome! Mmm~
Amethyst: Look at that 'za, brah.
(Amethyst begins measuring the pizza, shapeshifting her finger into a ruler and a protractor.)
Amethyst: Each slice exactly the same length; 45 degrees.
(Amethyst picks up a slice of the perfectly-cut pizza.)
Amethyst: Wow, pure perfection. I am so proud, I almost feel bad eating it.
(Amethyst chomps on the pizza slice without hesitation, as Bixbite walks away.)
Steven: I didn't know Bixbite wanted a career in the culinary arts.
Amethyst: Yeah, we talked a lot about her interests and experiences. Then, I spoke to Kofi and set her up here.
Steven: This was your idea?
Amethyst: Yeah, and she's just the beginning. I wanted to do something big for the school, so I've been pairing Gems up with human jobs. The results have been amazing! I call it: the Gem-Human Excellence Mentorship, or G-H-E-M.
Steven: Oh, I get it, like GEM.
Amethyst: No, it's GHEM. There's an "H".
(Just then, a Ruby, dressed in black with shades, kicks the door open and somersaults inside.)
Ruby 1
All clear, my Mayor.
Ruby 2
*tries to somersault too* All clear.
(The two Rubies stand on guard, as Mayor Nanefua arrives afterward.)
Steven: You've got Rubies in your program, too?
Amethyst: Yeah, and these two are Nanefua's new bodyguards.
(A Ruby helps Mayor Nanefua to her seat, while the other keeps on lookout on the table.)
Steven: How many other Gems are working in Beach City?
Amethyst: Glad you asked!
[Trans. Int. Beach City Funland]
(At the Funland, Steven sees various Quartzes tending to the game booths and rides.)
Steven: Blue Lace Agate? *gasps* Biggs Jasper? Crazy Lace? The Quartzes have taken over Funland?
Amethyst: Yeah, man. Mr. Smiley has been understaffed for so long. I figured he could use a whole army of help.
Steven: *worried* Army?
Amethyst: Ooh, check it out! Nephrite is doing some skywriting.
(A Nephrite is seen flying Andy's phone in the sky, drawing a face of Steven in smoke.)
Amethyst: With all her experience flying dropships, she's better in the air than Andy! Mmm, guess she's a perfectionist, though.
(Nephrite begins drawing a big cross over her drawing, as several of her other failed drawings are seen in the sky. Steven and Amethyst then begin walking along the boardwalk.)
Steven: Umm... Amethyst? Isn't this all a little... on the nose?
Amethyst: Oh, oh look! Snowflake Obsidian and Little Larimar found some ice-related jobs on the boardwalk.
(Their job in question is making snow cones; Snowflake Obsidian summons a pillar of ice, and Larimar begins scrapping at the ice, making a snow cone for Mayor Nanefua.)
Steven: Hmm... I don't know about this.
Amethyst: About what?
Steven: Ice Gems doing ice stuff, pilot Gems doing pilot stuff, guard Gems doing guard stuff. Isn't this exactly what they were doing on Homeworld?
Amethyst: Ah-huh, no.
Ruby 1
It's just like we used to do on Homeworld! *high-fives Ruby 2*
Ruby 2
Thanks, Amethyst!
Amethyst: These are the jobs they wanted.
Steven: Well, sure, they think they want to do this stuff. But, it's up to us to get them out of their comfort zones.
Amethyst: I dunno, man. Comfortable can be good too.
Steven: Bear with me for a sec. *turns to Snowflake Obsidian and Larimar* Hey guys, I was wondering what you two did on Homeworld.
Snowflake Obsidian: I dug ice trenches for their armies.
Larimar: I made ice sculptures for the Diamonds.
Steven: So ice is kind of like your default mode?
Snowflake Obsidian: *exchanges looks with Larimar* Yes.
Steven: Did you ever think of trying something else?
Snowflake Obsidian: Like, filling ice trenches?
(Just then, Nephrite flies overhead in Andy's plane.)
Steven: Well... How would you like to fly a plane?
[Trans. Grassland]
(Steven brings Snowflake Obsidian to an open grassland, where he instructs her to pilot Andy's plane, with a worrying Andy onboard.)
Snowflake Obsidian: Uhh... I don't snow about this.
Steven: What? Can't hear you! You're gonna do great!
[Trans. Int. Beach City Funland]
(Steven brings Larimar to the funland next.)
Steven: I had an idea for you, Larimar. You could operate the Funland roller coaster. It's a great job, and you get to help people have fun.
Larimar: What is this wonderful noise?
Steven: Those are the joyful screams of people on a roller coaster.
Larimar: Human screams are my favorite of the Earth's delights. I want to hear the human screams forever.
Steven: Okay. That's kind of troubling, but your heart is in the right place.
Larimar: One day, I'll make you scream, Steven.
(Steven brings Larimar to the Appalachian control room, where he instructs her the control.)
Steven: You push the lever up to speed up and pull down to stop. Why don't you give it a go?
Larimar: *steps forth and pushes the lever* Give me the screams!
Steven: See, Amethyst? With just a small tweak, your good idea is working even better.
Amethyst: I don't know about this, man.
Steven: Come on! Let's go help some more Gems!
(A montage begins to play of Steven pairing various Gems with random human jobs, while Amethyst disapprovingly watches. Zebra and Ocean Jasper are assigned to Fish Stew Pizza, Bixbite to balloon handling, and a Ruby bodyguard to flower selling.)
[Trans. Int. Fish Stew Pizza]
(Steven enters the pizzeria and sits at a table in triumph, congratulating himself for a job well done.)
Steven: Wow, sure feels good to help people. Can't wait to see how everyone learns and grows outside their comfort zones, but until then, I guess my work here is done.
(The classic star iris begins to close in on Steven's smiling face... when suddenly, a pizza splatters onto his face, and the star iris retracts.)
Zebra Jasper: Order up!
(More pizza splatter onto Steven, as Zebra Jasper forcefully shreds the pizzas with pizza cutters. Ocean Jasper puts the shredded pizzas into boxes and begins violently delivering them by hurling the boxes at people outside.)
Ocean Jasper: Delivery! Delivery! Delivery!
(The Ruby selling flowers begins approaching the downed people, putting flowers on them and taking their valuables.)
Ruby 1
Here you go, and I'll take that! Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Here you go. Mission complete! *sets the valuables on fire*
(A pizza box hits Bixbite in the head, causing her to accidentally pops and loses her helium balloons with her pincer hand. The balloons float up and obstruct Snowflake Obsidian's view as she flies by, causing her to create ice in fear and lose control of the plane. Steven gasps in horror as he observes the chaos unfold around him.)
[Trans. Int Funland Arcade]
(Steven quickly retreats into the arcade to avoid the chaos, and finds Amethyst inside, who is being served snow cone syrups by a Nephrite.)
Amethyst: Hit me with another. Hey, Steven. Want a snow cone?
Steven: Amethyst, I need your help. Our brilliant plan is falling apart.
Amethyst: Why would you want my help? You haven't liked any of my ideas today.
Steven: That's not true. This Gem mentorship thing was a great idea!
Amethyst: It was a great idea when Gems were picking their own jobs, but you came in and told everyone what they can and can't do, even me!
Steven: I was wrong. I should've trusted you with your Gem mentorship program. I don't know why I thought I could just... take it over like that! I'm so sorry.
Amethyst: Well, I'm glad you've come around, because, we've got our work cut out for us now.
(Steven glances back at the chaos still happening outside.)
Steven: No kidding... Can you help me unhelp all the people I helped?
Amethyst: Yeah, all right.
(Amethyst gasps in shock as she notices Snowflake Obsidian losing control of the plane in the sky. Steven and Amethyst hastily run out of the arcade, leap into the air, and they both fuse together.)
Smoky: Smoky!
(Landing back on the ground Smoky summons their yo-yo and uses it to wrap around the plane's tail. Smoky gives a tug, but yanks only the tail off, instead of the whole plane.)
Smoky: Oh, whoops!
(The plane continues spiraling out of control, as Snowflake Obsidian and Andy scream for their lives. Smoky summons another yo-yo and uses it as a propeller, flying into the sky and giving chase. They then summons a third yo-yo and forms a net of yo-yo strings, successfully catching the plane and lowering it to the ground.)
Smoky: *nervously chuckles* Hey, guys! You cool? Get it? Because of the ice. *chuckles again, and quickly panics* No, but seriously, I'm so sorry. Are you guys okay?
(A shaken Snowflake Obsidian and Andy nod their heads in response.)
Smoky: Phew. That's good.
(Just then, distant screaming is heard. Smoky levitates in the air and spots more chaos in Beach City Funland. The Appalachian has lost control, zooming at an uncomfortable speed, while Larimar struggles to regain control of the lever.)
Larimar: These are not the screams I wish for!
(Smoky begins running towards the fun fair, when the roller coaster structure begins to break apart.)
Smoky: Geez, seriously? We're not gonna make it. Got to go faster! Come on!
Smoky (Amethyst)
If Steven can save the universe, I can save a roller coaster!
Smoky (Steven)
But saving the universe took time! I don't have any time!
(More of the roller coaster structure breaks off.)
Smoky (Amethyst)
Aah! what do I do!?
Smoky (Steven)
I don't know! I don't know! Just- ugh, give me A SECOND!
(Just then, Steven's gem begins to glow, enveloping turning Smoky's body entirely pink, and they begins sprinting at great speeds.)
Smoky: Whoa! Cool!
[Trans. Int. Beach City Funland]
(Smoky makes it to the Appalachian in time and jumps onto the roller coaster rails.)
Smoky: Got ya! Huh?
(Smoky notices the roller coaster and her surroundings are moving in slow motion, upon gaining a higher temporal perception due to their pink glowing body.)
Smoky: Whoa! Okay, that goes here, grab the phone!
(Smoky puts the cap back on Bill Dewey onboard the roller coaster, and takes a "wefie" with Sour Cream's phone, who is also onboard.)
Smoky: And put that back here. *returns Sour Cream's phone* Okay, time to go!
(Smoky proceeds to pull everyone off of the roller coaster, bringing them back to safety on the ground.)
Smoky: Here you go!
(Smoky tosses the humans on the ground, who descend in air slowly, due to their heightened temporal perception.)
Smoky: There you go. *lowers the people to the ground* All right. Now time to stop that roller coaster-
(At that moment, Smoky's normal color returns fades and poofs away, and everything returns back to normal speed. The roller coaster is not stopped in time and is launched off of the broken rail into the ocean.)
Smoky: Well, sometimes you save all the people, but the roller coaster still crashes into the ocean.
(The roller coaster explodes in the water.)
Smoky: And that's okay.
[Tran. Beach City Boardwalk]
(It is the evening, Steven and Amethyst sit on the boardwalk, eating snow cones, after resolving all the chaos.)
Amethyst: Dude, what was that!? It was like everything was in slow motion because we were going so fast!
Steven: Yeah, it was pretty intense.
Amethyst: It was awesome!
(Steven looks around at the Gems he had returned back at their original jobs, including Ruby 1, who quickly ditches her flower-selling job to protect Mayor Nanefua again, from an agressive dog.)
Ruby 1
Back off, buddy.
Steven: You know, you were really spot-on with everyone's jobs.
Amethyst: Yeah, I know, dude! *scoffs* I mean, it's not like I just guessed. I talked to everyone about what they wanted. Everyone here has kind of a weird history. I just thought they should be able to choose how they feel about it and choose their own future, you know?
Steven: Yeah. I get it.
Amethyst: I feel like I finally figured out what I'm supposed to do. I spent so long not knowing who I was or what I was made for. I- I had to figure that out for myself. And now, I think I'm good at helping other Gems figure that out for themselves, too.
Steven: Yeah!
Amethyst: So! What about you?
Steven: *nervously chuckles* What about me?
Amethyst: Now that things are settling down a bit, what are you going to do? Come on! Let's talk about your future! Ha! The doctor is in; the first session is free.
Steven: *chuckles* I don't know. I still want to help people, but... Maybe I'm losing my touch? Huh?
(Steven is suddenly poked on the shoulder by Larimar, who is hiding a giant stuffed bear behind her small body.)
Larimar: Hey, Steven! It's me, Little Larimar. I got you a surprise. Can you guess what it is?
Steven: Uh... No.
Larimar: It's a stuffed bear!
Steven: That's so nice, but... What's the gift for?
Larimar: I just wanted to say thanks for the amusement park job. I'm not great at the roller coaster operation, we know. But I found out I'm good at handing out prizes to children, and I love their laughter.
Steven: Aww...
Larimar: It sounds just like screaming.
Steven: Aah... Hmm...
Larimar: I think the kids really like me, too. I've never been this happy.
(Feel congratulated, Steven and Amethyst share a sweet smile. Just then, the wreckage of the roller coaster drifts past across the shoreline, and Steven gets up in panic, spotting someone still in the seat.)
Steven: Oh no, we forgot Onion! ...Eh, he's fine.
[END]