(The episode opens with the faces of Garnet, Pearl and Amethyst, and a scribble on a chalkboard reading "The Crystal Gems", before the "Crystal" is replaced with "Classroom")
Altogether: The Classroom Gems! How are Gems made?
(Amethyst runs in, panting, and slides across the floor.)
Amethystt: Whoops! Heh... *blushes a bit* Yo! Amethyst here, heh. Time to find out, how Gems are made. Okay, first, when a mommy Gem and a daddy Gem love each other very much... Psych!! Haha! There's no such thing as a mommy Gem or a daddy Gem! We're rocks, and rocks are made, not born, ha! Like me, I was made on Earth. Hey Garnet, bring the cards out now!
(Garnet walks in, carrying a set of flashcards.)
Amethyst: So, Yeah. I was made on Earth, and then what happened was when some Gems from outer space came to here, with these big machines!
Garnet: You should mention you're taking artistic license with that spaceship design.
Amethyst: Eh, it's for the internet. Who cares? Anyway, they put the machines on Earth, and shot this junk into the dirt, and boom, you pop right out!
Steven: Oh! I have a question! *waving his hand*
Amethyst: Yeah?
Steven: Were you guys ever babies?
(Steven imagines three images of Garnet, Amethyst and Pearl as babies.)
Amethyst: Ew, gross.
Garnet: Definitely not.
(The three images pop away from Steven's mind.)
Steven: Aww...
Amethyst: Being a weak baby would be a pain, so we suck up all the good stuff from the ground, so we can pop out all big and strong!
(Pearl runs in, laughing nervously.)
Pearl: We understand that Gem production was extremely damaging to the Earth, and we deeply regret our involvement in this process. The era of Gem production on Earth is over, and while we've left scars, please know we've done everything we can to counteract the damage that was done to here!
(Garnet picks Pearl up and carries her away, as she finishes talking.)
Amethyst: So, uh... yeah! Heh, that's how Gems are made.
Steven: Hmm, are you sure you guys were never babies?
(A dunce hat drops onto Steven's head and he frowns in dismay. The school bell rings as the words "Class Dismissed!" are shown.)
[END]