[Open Ext. The Barn]
(It is the late evening. Pearl, Garnet, and Amethyst are seen sitting on a hill and watching the sunset over Beach City. Steven is lying nearby against Lion, strumming his ukulele, when Peridot walks up to him.)
Peridot: Steven.
Steven: Hi!
Peridot: Why did we stop working on the drill?! Why are they just sitting there looking at nothing?!
Steven: We worked hard and we deserve to take it easy for a little bit. I mean just look at that view. It's beautiful.
Peridot: It's going to be blown to oblivion by the Cluster if we don't get back to work!
Steven: Working hard is important, but feeling good is important too.
Peridot: WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT!?!
(Peridot accidentally turns on the power drill in her hand in her frustration, and it makes a buzzing sound.)
Steven: Hey! *imitates the drill buzzing* What is that, a C? *plays the note on his ukulele*
Peridot: The drill? *makes the drill buzz again*
Steven: Yeah! (Peridot makes the drill buzz in a higher pitch.) Oh my gosh, now it's music!
Peridot: Music?
Steven: Yeah! It's music! Like this, do-re-mi-fa-so-la-ti-do. *strums his ukulele*
Peridot: Do-mi-so-do...
Steven: ♫ Isn't it pretty? ♫
Peridot: That's exceedingly simple. (Steven strums his ukulele again.) Do-mi-so-ti...
Steven: ♫ We're making music. ♫
Peridot: What is the point? You're not making anything.
Steven: Well, if it isn't anything, then why does it sound so good?
Peridot: I suppose it's just interest... Do-mi-so-do. Devoid of substance or purpose, a hypothetical pattern... Do-mi-so-ti. For the satisfaction of bringing it to completion.
Steven: Sure.
Peridot: Do-mi-so-ti. Interest without meaning? Solutions without problems?
Steven: And then you just add words. Here's what I have been working on.
(Steven begins to sing "Peace and Love on the Planet Earth".)
Steven: ♫ Life and death and love and birth, / And peace and war on the planet Earth. / Is there anything that's worth more, / Than peace and love on the planet Earth? / Oh-whooah, come on and sing it with me~ ♫
Peridot: Sing?
Steven: ♫ The words relate to the key~ ♫
Peridot: *holds up a key* Key?
Steven: ♫ If it's a pattern, if it's a pattern, / Then just repeat after me~ / Life and death and love and birth- ♫
Peridot: ♫ Life and death and love and birth- ♫
Steven: ♫ Now you sing mi-fa-mi-mi-fa-mi-ti-la! ♫
Steven & Peridot: ♫ And peace and war on the planet Earth! ♫
Steven: Yes, yes! That's it!
Peridot: That's so easy.
Steven: Yeah, but that's what's fun about it. You should write something, you should write a song!
Peridot: About what?
Steven: Whatever you're thinking!
(Night falls. Peridot begins to sing her part of the song in front of a bonfire, while the Crystal Gems watch on.)
Peridot: ♫ I guess we're already here, / I guess we already know. / We've all got something to fear, / We've all got nowhere to go. / I think you're all INSANE! / But I guess I am too... / Anybody would be if they were stuck on Earth with you. ♫
Steven: Hahaha, yes!
(Time goes on as Steven and the Gems continue working together on the drill, as everyone joins in the song.)
Steven: ♫ Life and death and love and birth and- ♫
Amethyst: ♫ Life and death and love and birth and- ♫
Pearl: ♫ Life and death and love and birth and, / Peace and war on the planet Earth. ♫
Garnet: ♫ Is there anything that's worth more? ♫
Steven: ♫ Is there anything that's worth more? ♫
Peridot: ♫ Is there anything that's worth more? / Than peace and love on the planet Earth... ♫
[Trans. Ext. The Barn, Night-time]
(Steven and the Gems all gaze at the drill in awe.)
Garnet: Nice work.
(Garnet pats Peridot on the back, but Peridot jumps in fear. The Gems then laugh and Steven hugs Peridot from behind.)
Peridot: We really did it, huh?
Steven: *gasps* We?
Peridot: Oh wait. I need to check something! *runs to the drill*
Steven: She's come so far. It feels like yesterday she was trying to kill us.
Pearl: No no, that was several weeks ago.
Peridot: Coordinates! We still need the Cluster's exact coordinates in order to drill!
Pearl: There's a Diamond Base that may hold that information, but getting there is going to be difficult.
Steven: How come?
Pearl: Because it's not accessible by warp pad. And it's on...! *gazes upwards*
Steven: *gasps* The mooooooon!
Pearl: Yes, Steven, the moon.
Steven: Lion! Can you make us a special super warp to the moon?
(Lion grunts and stretches his limbs, ignoring Steven and continues napping.)
Steven: Come on, Lion, we gotta do this to stop the Cluster! If we don't there's gonna be no more Earth! No more fun times with your pals, no more Lion Lickers... no more naps?
(On that remark, Lion gets up and roars, glaring at Steven with glowing white eyes.)
Steven: *turns to the Gems* Guess it was naps.
(Lion carries the Gems on his back, with Steven and Peridot in his mane, and runs down a hill. He then creates a portal and runs through it. Lion and the Crystal Gems begin warping through the portal.)
Steven: Pretty cool, right?
(Peridot starts screaming. Lion then creates more portals, increasing his speed with each transmission.)
Steven: Go, Lion! Goooo!
[Trans. Int. Moon Base]
(Lion emerges from a portal with a rough landing, sliding across the floor and hitting against a wall, with the Gems still on his back.)
Steven: *gasps* Lion! *leaps out of Lion's mane* Are you okay, bud?
Peridot: *climbs out of Lion's mane* Erghh, get me out of this furry fre- *slips* Whoa!
(Lion pants heavily in exhaustion.)
Steven: Oh, Lion. You've earned your naps for the week. *hugs Lion*
(Garnet, Pearl and Peridot begin shining their gems like flashlights.)
Pearl: We made it.
Steven: It doesn't... look like the moon.
Amethyst: Hey, look over here! I think it's a door.
(Amethyst places her hand on a panel and the door opens, revealing the surface of the moon with the view of Earth in the distance. Air instantly begins getting sucked out through the open door, forcing Amethyst to shut the door quickly.)
Amethyst: Uhhh, yup! We on the moon!
Pearl: Amethyst, please! Don't blow us into space!
(Steven chuckles as he begins jumping and floating around in the air.)
Steven: *laughs* Whoa, look at me! I'm a- *jumps high* -moon boy!
Amethyst: *runs over to Steven* Haha, alright moon boy! *tries to jump and float in the air like Steven, but instead falls to the floor, and grunts*
Steven: Moon boy quadruple back flip!
Amethyst: Hey! Why can't I be a moon boy?
Peridot: We're Gems? We're a space-faring race designed to conquer other worlds. Our physical forms adjust automatically to the gravity of any planetoid.
Amethyst: Ahhh, lame.
Steven: ♫ I was bouncing on the moon one day! ♫ *slam against a wall with a mural on it* Umph! Huh? Hey Peridot, who is this supposed to be?
Peridot: *gasps* It's Blue Diamond! Wait! Are they all here? *looks around* Ahh yes! There she is!
Steven: Who?
Peridot: *runs over to another mural* Behold! Yellow Diamond! Isn't she magnificent?!
Steven: Wow... so who are the Diamonds anyway? They seem like a big deal.
Peridot: Are you joking me?! The Diamonds are the Gem matriarchs! Together they make up the Great Diamond Authority that governs Homeworld and all the outlying colonies! We live to serve them!
(Garnet walks up behind Peridot, clearing her throat in annoyance, and glares down at Peridot.)
Peridot: *laughs nervously* I mean, we were all made to serve them, even though some of us... don't anymore... *pauses* Hey, I think that's a control service over there! *points across the room* Let's take a look. *heads over*
Steven: *follows Peridot* Yeah!
(Garnet and Amethyst walk over to Peridot, who is inspecting a panel on the floor.)
Peridot: I think this is right. The material is different from the surrounding stone. I think if I just do this...
(Peridot moves her hands across the panel and it lights up. It and several others panels begin to rise around the room to create a set of stairs, knocking Lion over in the process. Peridot then giggles excitedly in the discovery, and everyone begin climbing the stairs.)
Peridot: This is so incredible. Only the most elite of the elite can enter these sanctums. We are literally walking in the footsteps of the diamonds!
Steven: They must really like stairs.
(The group enter a room upstairs with only a single mysterious object in the middle of it.)
Steven: Hey, what's this room?
Garnet: It's not what we came here for.
Amethyst: Can we hurry it up? This place gives me the creeps.
(Everyone ignore the mysterious object and continue up the stairs. They eventually make it to the top of the towering base.)
Steven: We really are on the moon.
Peridot: *goes over to a control panel* Oh my goodness! This looks like it could be brand new! I mean it's a relic by today's standards, but, golly! It's so elegant, so simple, so perfect!
Amethyst: So how do you turn it on?
Peridot: ... I have no idea.
(The panel then suddenly activates.)
Steven: *Hey, it's got one of those glowy hand dealies.
Peridot: YOU CAN"T SIT THERE!!
Steven: Why not? It's really cool.
Peridot: That chair is only for the most elite Gems, you can't go around sitting where an elite would sit.
Steven: Well they aren't here now, right?
(Peridot glances around, sits on the chair next to Steven, and snickers to herself. Steven then pulls out a small, white, octahedral prism from the chair.)
Steven: Hey, what's this doodad for?
Peridot: Put that back! Hm, okay, let's see here...
(Peridot maneuvers the chair closer to the control panel.)
Peridot: There we go. This is a really old system.
(Peridot puts on a screen on the control panel, displaying seven files represented by diamond shapes.)
Peridot: Gotta find the right file... aha! Cluster, Cluster where are you, Cluster? Aha! There's the insertion point. Looks like the Beta Kindergarten in Facet Nine. It's the smaller of the two, not nearly as impressive as yours, Amethyst.
Amethyst: Uhh... thanks?
Pearl: But where is the Cluster now?
Peridot: Hang on... there it is! It's embedded deep into the mantle, relative to the barn its roughly two thousand five hundred units down. All we need to do is feed this data to the drill and we should be all set.
Pearl: That's it then, mission accomplished!
Steven: Yeah, team!
Amethyst: Great. Let's get the heck out of here. *walks off with Garnet and Pearl*
Steven: Wait! Hold on, does this thing have any games on it?
Peridot: No no no no, this wasn't used for "games".
Steven: Aw.
Peridot: It was used for planning a colony. Here, look.
(Peridot pulls on a map of Earth on the screen, and the Gems pause to look back at it.)
Peridot: So here is a map of all structures that were originally built on Earth. All told, this probably only accounts for maybe, five percent of what was originally planned.
Steven: What was the plan?
Peridot: Well, let's take a look.
(A hologram of Earth is projected. The Crystal Gems watch in horror as the Earth hologram hollows out, forming rings around it and Gem structures all over it.)
Peridot: Ta-da! A finished Earth colony. Wow, look at this! Eighty-nine kindergartens, sixty-seven spires, a Galaxy Warp in each facet, efficient use of all available materials. What were you thinking, shutting this operation down? It could've been great!
Garnet: No! You're wrong!
Peridot: What do you mean? It's perfect, look at it.
Pearl: We are looking at it.
Amethyst: Yeah, this plan stinks!
Garnet: Completing this colony would have meant the extinction of all life on Earth!
Peridot: But think of the good it would have done. The Gems that would have been made, our Empire expanded.
Pearl: Rose Quartz believed all life was precious, and worth protecting.
Peridot: Well if she wanted to protect it, she did a lousy job! There'd be no Cluster if the Earth had stayed a colony. Now there's no colony, and there's gonna be no Earth, so thank you, Rose Quartz! You doomed the planet!
(Garnet, Amethyst, and Pearl each look at Peridot furiously.)
Steven: *laughs nervously* ♫ Is there anything that's worth more th-
(Garnet grabs and lifts Peridot up by her tunic.)
Garnet: You, listen to me, now. *summons her gauntlet* You are talking about things that you do not understand.
Steven: Garnet, stop! Please! It's not worth it. We're done here, let's just... go home.
(Garnet drops Peridot on the chair and smashes the control panel with her gauntlet, dissipating the hologram. The Gems then walk off, irritated, and Steven sighs in dismay.)
Peridot: What did I say? I'm just stating a fact. The Rebellion didn't really save Earth, it just delayed the inevitable.
Steven: That's not the way they see it. They've spent thousand of years trying to protect the Earth. I thought maybe, you finally understood why.
(Steven walks down the steps, as Peridot begins looking around in caution.)
Steven: Peridot!
Peridot: What? I'm coming. *climbs down the steps*
(Steven glances at Peridot and notices she is holding the prism from the chair behind her back.)
Garnet: Let's go, you two.
(Steven looks in the direction of Peridot and frowns.)
[END]