[Open Outer Space]
(Following the events in "Lars of the Stars", the Star Skipper ship is damaged from the battle against Emerald's Destiny Destroyer. Stevonnie attempts to regain control of the ship as it spirals through space, when a screen of Lars pops up on the windshield.)
Lars: That did it! Emerald is on the run!
Stevonnie: Lars! We're hit! Nothing's working!
Lars: *shocked* Wha?! Hold on! What is your course? I'll try to intercept-
(The screen warbles as the connection is suddenly cut off, and the screen disappears.)
Stevonnie: Lars?! *presses random buttons on a panel* What is wrong with you, ship?!
(Warning screens appear all around inside the cockpit, indicating critical damage everywhere.)
Stevonnie: Oh, pretty much everything. Well, at least the display works!
(The display in the ship suddenly fizzles and disappears as well, as the ship continues to dive towards a nearby planet.)
Stevonnie: AAHHH! Downer!!
(The ship enters the atmosphere of the planet and begins generating a lot of heat, as it falls towards the planet surface.)
Stevonnie: I can't pull up! We're gonna crash!
(Stevonnie looks up, seeing a tree in the ship's trajectory, and braces for impact as the ship crashes into it with an explosion. Debris of the ship falls all around, and Stevonnie rolls down, protected inside Steven's bubble. They quickly wakes up, which pops the bubble.)
Stevonnie: *sighs* Oh boy. *gets up and looks around* Where are we now? Uh... Hello? A-Anyone out there? Anyone at all?
(As Stevonnie begins walking and looking around, a nearby plant begins to expand like a balloon. Stevonnie braces themselves, and a large flower blooms from the plant from a bud, surprising them.)
Stevonnie: *sighs and relaxes* Okay, we're fine. I'm fine. *continues walking* I'll find the ship's radio and Lars will pick us right up. Whoa...
(Stevonnie looks up to the sky and sees a large Earth-like planet in the distance, barren and fragmented. Suddenly, Stevonnie hears a humming and they turn to see the control panel of the ship cockpit.)
Stevonnie: *gaasps* The cockpit! *runs over* Hello?! This is Star Skipper calling Sun Incinerator. It's Stevonnie! Steven and Connie? We're stranded. We need help! ...Come on! Don't leave me here!
(The control panel stops humming as the power fades away.)
Stevonnie: What do we do now? That was our best chance. We can't fix the radio, the ship's beyond hope, no one knows where we are. *groans in frustration* What do we do?!?
(Just then, Stevonnie hears noises from the nearby bushes. They summons Steven's shield just in time to block an arthropod-like creature lunging at them and throw it off.)
Stevonnie: An alien!
(The creature hisses and lunges towards Stevonnie again. They quickly draws Rose's Sword on their back and slices the creature in half in mid-air. The two halves of the creature fall towards the ground, and to Stevonnie's surprise, four legs sprout from the decapitated head of the creature. The creatures gets up, hisses at Stevonnie again, before retreating back into the bushes.)
Stevonnie: Uhh... Glad they're okay! ...Wait. If life can thrive here, then so can I. I've just got to hold out until Lars finds me.
(Stevonnie walks up to the other half of the creature and stabs it with the sword, picking it up with a determined look.)
Stevonnie: Until then... we survive.
(A montage begins as Stevonnie begins to survive on the jungle planet. They cuts through a forest using their sword and uses a grabbling hook to pick some fruit from a tree. They also goes to a river and drinks some water along with an ungulate-like creature. Time passes by, Stevonnie builds themselves a shelter in a crater-like structure, using a cloth tied to stick to cover them from the heavy rain, and even also cut their facial hair using their sword, to their excitement.)
[Time-Skip; Dusk]
(Stevonnie is seen struggling internally, with their hand reaching out to a bird-like creature.)
Stevonnie (Connie)
Come on, we have to, we're out of energy bars!
Stevonnie (Steven)
*pulls their hand back* But it's so cute!
Stevonnie (Connie)
*reaches their hand forward* But we need the protein for a healthy diet!
Stevonnie (Steven)
There has to be another way! We can just take the fruit; Fruit's good!
(A large shadow looms over from behind Stevonnie and the creature rolls away. Stevonnie turns around and sees a larger version of the bird-like creature. It roars at them and Stevonnie runs away screaming. They slides down a hill and encounter a towering structure in the distance, wrapped in large vines and plants. They run towards it as the creature chases after them. They squeeze through the nearly-closed doors of the tower and hides inside, as the creature attempts to squeeze through too. It is unable to though, snorts at Stevonnie and goes away.)
Stevonnie: Phew... Huh... Have I... been here before? No, that's ridiculous.
(The creature roars again outside of the structure, startling Stevonnie.)
Stevonnie: Well, guess I'm camping here tonight.
(Stevonnie proceeds to make a campfire and a hammock, and they lies down on it.)
Stevonnie: Finally. Goodnight Stevonnie. Goodnight Stevonnie. Sweet... dreams... *dozes off*
[Trans. Stevonnie's Dreamscape]
(Stevonnie floats onto the surface of a giant carpet, snoring loudly, and wakes up when they feels the softness of the carpet. They gets up and looks around, noticing they are in a giant version of the Maheswaran Residence.)
Stevonnie: W-What?! I-I'm... home?
Dr. Maheswaran: *muffled* You were told to be prepared cycles ago.
(The ground begins rumbling, Stevonnie turns around and see Dr. Maheswaran rising from the carpet, her phone pressed to her ear.
Dr. Maheswaran: There will be no more excuses. Get it done. And don't expect me to look kindly upon this transgression. Embark at once.
Stevonnie: Mom? What is she talking about? Huh?!
(Stevonnie quickly rolls out of the way as Dr. Maheswaran walks across the room, nearly trampling on them, towards the front door.
Dr. Maheswaran: Yes, I know there's organic life on the surface, it's an invasion.
Stevonnie: *shouting* Hey mom! What are you talking about?
Dr. Maheswaran: You will stick to my orders and you will destroy them!
Stevonnie: *sighs* I hate it when she ignores me.
(Stevonnie begins maneuvering the giant room towards Dr. Maheswaran by jumping onto the couch, onto a coffee table, and floating up to the window's edge.)
Dr. Maheswaran: No. Hm. No. I will not repeat myself. Hm. That is simply unacceptable.
Stevonnie: Hey Mom!
Dr. Maheswaran: Well, you'll have to remember, won't you?
(Annoyed, Stevonnie jumps onto Dr. Maheswaran's coat and climbs up to her shoulder.)
Dr. Maheswaran: The dullness of this exchange tires me. Just land the dropships and do your pathetic job for once. Or I'll shatter you and your crew myself.
Stevonnie: *moves Dr. Maheswaran's phone away and shouts into her ear* Hey Mom, what are you doing?!
(Dr. Maheswaran opens her eyes, revealing to have yellow irises with diamond pupils, and glares at Stevonnie.)
Dr. Maheswaran: Honey, please. Give me a moment.
(Dr. Maheswaran picks Stevonnie off her shoulders and sets them down on the floor. The setting suddenly changes to the interior of a Diamond Moon Base, and Dr. Maheswaran, transfigured into Yellow Diamond, sits on a chair, summoning a panel with her hand.)
Stevonnie: Huh?
(Stevonnie turns around and and sees various Gem dropships flying towards an Earth-like structure planet.)
Stevonnie: *squeals excitedly* Whoa, cool! Yellooooow! *pops up from the side of the chair* Hey Yellow!
Yellow Diamond: Oh, you're still here.
Stevonnie: What are you doing?
Yellow Diamond: I'm commanding the dropships to colonize this planet.
Stevonnie: *gets excited* I wanna command a dropship!
Yellow Diamond: Well, when you have your own colony, you can command whatever you want.
Stevonnie: I want a colony!
(Yellow Diamond, looking unamused, presses four diamond-shaped buttons on the panel.)
Stevonnie: I want one now!
(Ignoring Stevonnie, Yellow Diamond unlocks the panel, revealing a screen displaying a dropship.)
Stevonnie: What's this?
Yellow Diamond: I'm contacting the leader of the fleet.
Stevonnie: *amazed* Let me do it!
(Stevonnie begins pressing random buttons on the screen, and an angry Yellow Diamond grabs her arm away.)
Yellow Diamond: Don't touch that!
Stevonnie: *pulls their arm back* Why not? You have so many worlds and I don't even have one! *stomps their foot* It's not fair! I. Want. One! *stomps again* I want my own army! I want my own planet! I deserve it! I'm just as important as you!
Yellow Diamond: Then why don't you act like it, Pink?!
(Stevonnie walks away, clutching to their arm in anger. They walks up to the glass windows of the observatory and glances back at Yellow Diamond. They then clenches their fist, Pink Diamond is seen through their reflection on the windows, and they punches the windows, smashing it.)
[Trans. Int. Jungle Moon Base]
(Stevonnie abruptly wakes up from the dream in shock, falling out of the hammock onto the ground.)
Stevonnie: Whoa! *breathing hard*
Stevonnie (Connie)
Steven, what was that?
Stevonnie (Steven)
Diamonds. I'm having Diamond dreams again. But, why now? Why... here?
(Stevonnie look up at the wall of the tower and sees a mural of Yellow Diamond.)
Stevonnie: No way.
(Stevonnie spots an opening in the ceiling and climbs through it, spotting an orb-like structure in the center of the second floor.)
Stevonnie: This is just like the Moon Base orbiting Earth.
(Stevonnie climb up another opening to the top floor.)
Stevonnie: Whoa now... *sees the fragmented planet before* That must have been a colony... Wait a second...
(Stevonnie walks over up to the glass windows and looks the smashed glass that appeared in their dream.)
Stevonnie: Pink Diamond was here... Oh! *runs over to the chair* And Yellow!
(Stevonnie climbs onto the chair and sees the panel Yellow used, levitating and wrapped in vines.)
Stevonnie: That's it! I hope this thing still works. *pulls the panel towards them using the vines* Hmm. *activates the panel* That pattern...
(Four diamond symbols appear on the panel screen and Stevonnie presses them in the same pattern Yellow Diamond had done in their dream. The screen unlocks and they begins swiping through the screens.)
Stevonnie: Nope. *swipes* Nuh-uh. *swipes and sees a photo of Yellow Pearl and Yellow Diamond* Uhh yikes! *swipes, sees the Sun Incinerator, and gasps* It's Lars's ship!
(Stevonnie taps on the screen and it opens a transmission line to Lars.)
Lars: Keep searching! We're not giving up on them, no matter what!
Stevonnie: Lars! Hey Lars! Hey, Lars!
Lars: *sees Steveonnie on his screen* There you are! We've been looking all over for you!
Stevonnie: Oh my gosh Lars, it's so good to see you!
Lars: Send cords to their signal! It's good to see you too.
Stevonnie: *sighs* Thanks, Lars.
(Suddenly, Stevonnie hears thudding on the glass. They looks up and sees the bird-like creature from before climbing on the glass, looking down and growling at them.
Stevonnie: Hello, bird blob. My old friend. *chuckles nerviously*
(The creature roars and starts breaking the glass with its beak.)
Stevonnie: Lars, hurry! We've got company!
(Engine whirring is then heard, and the creature stops and turns to see the ship heading down.)
Lars: Yeeehaaaw!- Ugh! What the heck is that?!
Stevonnie: I don't know, but it's not here to play nice!
Lars: Charge the blasters!
(The ship begins firing at the creature and it quickly crawls and jumps off the base, flying away. Stevonnie sighs in relief as the ship closes in.)
Lars: Hah! Looks like we just saved your butts! Let's get you up here and back home through my head.
Stevonnie: Yeah... I think I'm ready to go home.
(Stevonnie glances back at the broken glass window, smashed by Pink Diamond, before jumping off the chair, as the Diamond motif plays in the background.)
[END]