[Open Int. Beach House]
(Garnet opens the episode with a serious tone.)
Garnet: We need to track down Peridot. We found her pod. We know she's out there somewhere. She came to Earth with a job to do and odds are, she's still gonna try to do it. That's why I've gathered you here.
(Steven, Garnet, Pearl and Amethyst are then seen folding Steven's t-shirts together.)
Steven: I thought it was so you can help me fold all this laund-a-ry!
Garnet: That too. The chore wheel idea you had fell apart fast.
Amethyst: Wasn't me.
(The Crystal Gems turn to look at the chore wheel pasted on the refrigerator, where everyone's names are strike out and replaced with Pearl's name, written in her handwriting. Pearl and Garnet exchange looks.)
Pearl: I just really enjoy doing all of those things.
Garnet: It's better if we do them together.
Amethyst: Humans should just stop wearing clothes, be a lot funnier.
Steven: Hey! I'm a civil-i-fied part human, thank you very much. Clothing is a must. *looks at the laundry pile* Hmm... This is a lot. I bet this folding would go faster if Ruby and Sapphire were here!
Garnet: I'm sure they'd be glad to see you Steven. But I am not unfusing for laundry.
Steven: Aww.
Pearl: Garnet, you don't think Peridot would come looking for us, do you?
Garnet: We weren't her priority. She was sent here to do something in the Kindergarten.
Pearl: Do you think she's still going to try to reactivate it?
Garnet: Mmm... If she gets it back up and running, the Injectors will turn back on.
Steven: In-jec-tors? What're those?
Pearl: You've already seen them. Well, you've seen them disabled. *projects a hologram from her gem* If Peridot reactivates them,  they'll pick up right where they left off, planting Gems in the crust of the Earth, where they'll incubate and suck the life right out of the ground, we can't let Peridot restart Gem production here, if we do, the entire planet will become...
Garnet: ...Janked.
Amethyst: Garnet! *chuckles* That mouth!
Garnet: Don't worry, we'll stop her. C'mon, Crystal Gems. *approaches the Warp Pad*
Pearl: Coming! *follows Garnet*
Amethyst: As long as we don't have to fold anything. *summons her whip and follows*
(Steven continues folding his t-shirts.)
Garnet: Steven.
Amethyst: C'mon, that means you too, right?
(Steven quickly gets up and rushes excitedly onto the warp pad with the Gems.)
Garnet: You're a civilified part-gem too after all. *ruffles Steven's hair*
Pearl: Garnet, are you sure we should bring Steven? This might be dangerous.
Garnet: Peridot's got nothing we can't handle.
(The Crystal Gems then warps out.)
[Trans. Ext. Prime Kindergarten]
(The Crystal Gems ventures through the Kindergarten, with Pearl projecting a beam of light to shine the path.)
Pearl: Well, nothing looks activated. In fact, i-it doesn't look like anything's budged since the last time we were here.
Garnet: You're right. But just because Peridot hasn't been here yet, it doesn't mean she won't come.
Steven: Hm!
Garnet: Let's do a thorough check of the perimeter.
Steven: Mmhm!
Garnet: That way, we can monitor any future entry.
Steven: Hmm! Sounds good to me!
(Steven starts treading off on his own, looking around the Kindergarten himself, when he heard Peridot's voice.)
Peridot (Off-screen)
Log date 6-5-2.
(Steven, startled, turns away and sees Peridot rising from an underground elevator.)
Peridot: *fiddles with her finger screen* This is Peridot, updating status. Still stuck on this miserable planet... The fusion experiments are developing properly. A few have even emerged early-
(Peridot spots Steven and shrieks in shock. Steven silently stares at Peridot, as she looks around.)
Peridot: *whispers* Are the other ones with you?
(Steven slowly shakes his head, and then nods his head quickly, shrugging.)
Peridot: *dissipates her finger screen* Of course! Why not... *facepalms*
Garnet: *distantly* Peridot!
Pearl: There she is!
(The Gems charges forth. Peridot gasps and runs away, and the Crystal Gems starts pursuing her.)
Amethyst: Nowhere to go!
Pearl: You're cornered!
(The Crystal Gems chase Peridot to a wall. Peridot begins scaling and running up the wall.)
Steven: Hey! I can't do that!
Pearl: Neither can she!
(Pearl hurls her spear upwards, and it shoots past Peridot.)
Peridot: looks back and grins* Ha! Missed!
(Pearl's spear hits the leg of an Injector stuck on the wall and dissipates. The Injector then begins to collapse off the wall. Peridot sees the falling Injector and tries to flee, but the Injector hits her and they crash onto the ground.)
Steven: Do you think she's hurt?
(Peridot emerges from the rubble and flees again.)
Amethyst: *laughs* Nope!
(Amethyst tethers the fleeing Peridot with her whip. Peridot then generates an electrical current with her fingertip, electrifying the entire whip.)
Amethyst: *drops her whip quickly* Who-o-oa! Hot whip! *growls*
Peridot: You Crystal Clods! *flees again* Go ahead! Wreck this place! See if I care! I already got what I needed!
Pearl: *chases after* Get back here!
(Peridot quickly turns her fingers into helicopter-blades, lifting her from the ground. She laughs maniacally as she flies off.)
Amethyst: I'm gonna bop her good!
Pearl: I'll help!
(Pearl and Amethyst pursue Peridot deep into the Kindergarten.)
Steven: Hurry, Garnet!
(Steven tries to pursue Peridot too, but Garnet holds him back by lifting him off the ground.)
Garnet: If Peridot's mission was to reactivate the Kindergarten, the injectors would be on. Look. They're not.
Steven: Oh! Oh...
Garnet: Let's see what she was actually doing. *lifts up the collapsed Injector, revealing a hole* Down here.
Steven: Oh. Oh! You're brains and brawn! The whole package! *high-fives Garnet*
Garnet: Thank you!
Steven: Is it cause you're a fusion?
Garnet: I have to keep some of my secrets.
Steven: Aw, please? I wanna know!
(Garnet chuckles in response. The pair then slides down the hole.)
Steven: Is the strong part of you Ruby and the wise part of you Sapphire?
Garnet: It's all of both. When two Gems combine, it creates something greater than the sum of their parts. That's why I'm so great.
Steven: What's it like to stayed fused all the— Whoa.
(Garnet and Steven arrives at the bottom, at the Kindergarten Prime Control Room. It is dark and empty, except for several dirt pillars hanging from the ceiling, and a couple more on the floor. Some of the pillars are cracked open. Garnet then sets Steven on the floor.)
Steven: I don't know how but... this place is even creepier than the last time we were here.
Garnet: Yes. There's something going on.
Steven: The power's not on. What was Peridot doing?
Garnet: It looks like she pulled these out of the walls. Something strange.
(A noise is heard coming from a dirt pillar. Garnet approaches it to investigate.)
Steven: Garnet? *runs up to Garnet*
(Garnet touches the dirt pillar, and it begins to shake. Steven and Garnet slowly back off.)
Steven: Is there... something in there?
(A strange creature then falls from the ceiling behind the pair, startling Steven. Garnet and Steven turn around and see it to be an amalgam of a blue hand and a red foot. Garnet then puts up the creature.)
Steven: Whoa.
(Garnet and Steven look up, and several more similar creatures, all made up of limbs, falls from the ceiling.)
Steven: What are they? AAHHH!
(The creature in Garnet's hand pounces onto Steven's face, and Garnet quickly poofs it. She then holds in her hand a pair of gem shards.)
Steven: What is it?... It looks like... two gems shards, stuck together.
(Garnet grunts in disgust and throws the welded gem shards on the floor, in front of the limbs cluster creatures.)
Steven: Is that what all these things are? Gems... stuck together? (Garnet gasps in horror.) Garnet?
(The shaking dirt pillar from before start to crack.)
Steven: What was that?
(The dirt pillar bursts open and reveals a Cluster Gem inside. Four silhouettes, fused together at the waists and silently screaming, desperately try to pull themselves away from the fusion, but fail. With a final scream, the fusion glitches and turns into a Cluster Monster, in the form of a hand consisting of other hands. It shrieks and starts crawling towards Steven and Garnet. Garnet is rooted on the spot in fear, breathing agitatedly.)
Steven: Garnet. Uh, Garnet. What do we do? AH!
(A limb cluster grabs onto Steven, and the Hand Cluster grabs onto Garnet. Steven kicks the limb cluster away.)
Steven: Please, talk to me! Ah!
(Steven summons his shield and starts fending off the limb clusters crawling towards him. The Hand Cluster knocks Garnet's visor off, revealing her terrified and traumatized face.)
Garnet: *starts tearing up* These were Crystal Gems, shattered into pieces. They were buried together.
Steven: Why aren't you moving?
Garnet: They were forced together... They were forced to fuse! This is wrong! Uh, uh, I'm sorry. Aauugghhh!
(Garnet begins to separate in the trauma, and Steven becomes afraid.)
Steven: NO! No, Garnet, you're coming undone! Garnet! Garnet! *pushes another limb cluster away* Garneeet! Please, what's the matter?! This isn't LIKE you!
(Upon hearing Steven's words, Garnet regains composure and pushes back the Hand Cluster. Slowly regaining her form, Garnet grabs onto the Hand Cluster with her gauntlets and forcefully rips it apart, effectively poofing it. The cluster gem drops onto the floor and Garnet bubbles it.)
Steven: We did it! (Garnet remains silent.) Garnet?
Garnet (Ruby)
So this is what Homeworld thinks of fusion!
Garnet (Sapphire)
We couldn't have known they would do this...
Garnet (Ruby)
This is where they've been. All the ones we couldn't find. They've been here the whole time!
Garnet (Sapphire)
Rose couldn't have known.
Garnet (Ruby)
This is punishment for the rebellion!
Garnet (Sapphire)
*sobbing* It's not our fault!
Steven: Garnet!
Garnet: *sends the cluster gem into the Burning Room and turns to Steven, stuttering* St-Steven...
Amethyst: Yo. *enters the control room with Pearl* We're back.
(Garnet resummons her visor.)
Pearl: Garnet, we lost Peridot. Her fingers were too fast for us. (A limb cluster climb up on Amethyst.) Um... *grabs the cluster* What are these things?
Garnet: Put them down!
Steven: Uh!
Pearl: Wha... *throws the cluster away*
Garnet: We need to poof and bubble all of them. We can't let any escape.
(Garnet poofs the limb cluster and the screen turns black.
[Trans. Ext. Crystal Temple]
(Back at the temple, Steven warps onto the intact hand of the temple statue, with a washer and a clothes dryer on it. He then notices Garnet leaning against the thumb of the hand.)
Steven: Oh. Hey, Garnet. How's it going?
Garnet: Still damp.
(Steven looks the clothes dryer, still drying the laundry.)
Steven: Oh, right. The clothes. There are towels in there. Do we even have plumbing up here? How do you get the washer and dryer to work?
Garnet: *waves her hand* Magic. *smiles*
(Steven laughs at Garnet's antics, but quickly notices her frowning again.)
Steven: Are you... alright?
Garnet: I wish you hadn't seen that...
Steven: Oh it's okay.
Garnet: It's not okay.
Steven: ... Why?
Garnet: What Homeworld did, taking the shards and parts of fallen gems and combining them, these gems weren't asked permission. Fusion is a choice, those Gems weren't given a choice. It isn't right; it isn't fusion!
(The dryer buzzes, and Steven starts taking the laundry out of it. He then looks back at Garnet, still agitated.)
Steven: What's it like, being a fusion?
Garnet: You fused.
Steven: I mean, like, all the time. Do you forget who you used to be?
Garnet: You forget you were ever alone. *smiles* You know, when you fuse, you don't feel like two people, you feel like one being. And your old names might as well be names for your left arm, and your right.
Steven: When you split up, is it like you disappear?
Garnet: I embody my- I mean, Ruby and Sapphire's love. I'll always exist in them, even if I split apart. But the strength of that love keeps me together, so I can stay Garnet for a very long time. *smiles*
Steven: *smiles widely* That's why you're so great.
Garnet: *still smiling* Ha.
(Steven chuckles along with Garnet, when a wind suddenly blows a white and baby blue sock off the laundry basket.)
Steven: *gasps* Oh no!
(Garnet quickly grabs the sock before it flies away.)
Garnet: Don't wanna break up a pair.
Steven: Yeah. You're right. They belong together.
(Steven hands a similar-looking white and light pink sock to Garnet. She folds the socks together and drops them onto the laundry basket. The star iris then closes in on the pair of socks, ending the episode.)
[END]