[Open Int. Homeworld Kindergarten]
(Following the events in "Off Colors", Steven and the Off-Colors observes in awe as the recently-resurrected Lars wakes up from his supposed-death.)
Lars: *groans* What the heck just happened?-
Steven: *hugs Lars tightly* Lars! You saved us! You stopped the Robonoids, but- but one of them exploded, and- and you weren't moving, and I started crying. *gasps in realization* I brought you back to life! It was an accident. I mean, I probably would've done that on purpose if I had known I could do that, but I didn't really ask your permission, so I'm sorry.
Lars: *confused* Back to life? So I was... away from life? Aah! *looks at his body* I'm pink!
Steven: Ah! I know! Do you feel okay?
Lars: I don't... really know.
Steven: But your body, are you sore?
Lars: No.
Steven: Are you tired?
Lars: ... No.
Steven: Do you feel good?
Lars: No?
Steven: Do you feel bad?
Lars: No?! I guess I just feel really freaked out?
Steven: Well, I am, too, so at least we're on the same page here.
(Looming noise are then heard in the distance.)
Rhodonite: They're back. Those Shattering Robonoids are back!
Fluorite: Quickly... Block the entrance...
(The Rutile Twins, Rhodonite and Fluorite run off to block the entrance.)
Steven: Lars, you stay here and rest. *follows the others*
Lars: All right.
Padparadscha: I predict, Lars will change in hue. What a mystery!
(Rhodonite and the Rutile Twins begin pushing a large rock towards the entrance. Steven quickly joins them and pushes the rock with great strength, surprising the other two Gems.)
Rutile Twins: Whoa, strong.
(Steven, Rhodonite and the Rutile Twins successfully pushes the rock into place.)
Rhodonite: Is this gonna be enough?
(The red scanning beams from the Robnoids shine from the gap in the entrance are heard, and the noises fades in distance, as the Robonoids move on elsewhere.)
Fluorite: They..seem...to have...overlooked us...for...the time...being...
Padparadscha: Quickly, block the entrance!
Steven: As long as I'm here, they're gonna keep coming after us.
Rhodonite: It's true. This was a horrible plan.
Steven: Should we try to find a new hiding spot?
Rhodonite: No, no, no! If we leave this cavern, we'll be completely exposed.
Fluorite: But...if we stay here, ...they'll...find us...for...sure...
Rutile Twins: So, we either stay here and get caught... Or we go out there and get caught.
Lars: So wait... am I a zombie now?!
Steven: No!? Well... No! You can talk, and zombies can't do that. I must've healed you. I've healed people before, just never this much.
Lars: Just admit it, Steven! I'm a zombie!
Steven: Oh, I know. A zombie wouldn't have a heartbeat.
(Steven puts his ear against Lars' chest and immediately sweats in deep concerns, hearing a slow heartbeat.)
Steven: That's, uhh... Pretty slow. But I think we can rule out pink zombie.
Rutile Twins: Thank the stars. What's a zombie?
Rhodonite: I can't believe humans just change color like this.
Steven: They don't. Well, I guess if you get really cold, you turn blue. And if you get really embarrassed, you turn red.
Rhodonite: So what does pink mean? Is Lars gonna explode or something?
Rutile Twins: Maybe then Lars will reform with a different color.
Fluorite: I'm...sure...whatever color...Lars...chooses...will be...lovely...
Lars: *kneels down* But why am I pink? *groans in misery*
Steven: Even your hair is different.
(Steven touches Lars' hair, causing it to glow, and Lars immediately backs off in shock.)
Lars: Aah! What was that? *touches his hair* Huh? It, like, lit up, right? You saw it, too.
Steven: Uh, yeah!
Lars: What did you do? Do it again.
(Steven touches Lars' hair and it glows where his fingers are phasing into it.)
Lars: Why is it doing that?
Steven: Lars, I think I know what this is. There's something I can try, but no. You don't want me going in your head.
Lars: You're going to... possess me again?
Steven: No. It would be more literal.
Lars: Then what is it?
Steven: Forget it.
Lars: Look, Steven, I'm not gonna get mad, okay? I trust you, just... Help me out here. If I've got magic hair now, I want to know.
Steven: *smiles* Everyone stand back.
(Rhodonite and the Rutile Twins take a few steps back. After a brief pause, Padparadscha does the same.)
Steven: All right, now just bend down.
Lars: *complies* Like this?
Steven: Now, you might feel a slight foot in your head.
Lars: Wait, wha-
(Steven sticks his foot into Lars' hair, everyone gasps in surprise as Lars groans in repulsion.)
Rhodonite: What is happening? They're fusing! They're fusing, right?
Steven: You're doing great, Lars.
Lars: Uhh... Okay?
(Steven climbs into Lars' head, takes a deep breath and dives into it, disappearing completely.)
[Trans. Int. Pink Dimension]
(Steven pops out in the middle of a vast pink savannah and sees a small hill with a tree resembling an oak. He turns around and sees another tree on a hill. Steven approaches it and notices Rose's belongings around it: her battle flag, a Mr. Universe shirt, and a chest. In a brief realization, Steven glances back at the other tree, before diving into the pink grass.)
[Trans. Int. Beach House]
(Steven pops out of Lion's mane, who is abruptly woken up from his sleep, and gasps for air, finding himself back in a dark and quiet beach house.)
Steven: Ah. I'm home. *gets up* I'm home! Guys? Where are they? *notices a glass on the kitchen counter* Water!
(Steven quickly fills up the glass with water from the faucet and drinks deeply. He then fills up another glassful and drinks again, sighing in relief. Just then, his stomach starts to gurgle.)
Steven: *gasps* Food.
(Steven quickly makes himself a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and begins eating it, as tears roll down his face.)
Steven: Life is beautiful!
(Steven begins packing a paper bag full with food and drink)
Steven: Got to bring some back for Lars. Wish I could tell everyone I'm okay.
(Lion walks up to Steven and gazes at him intently. Steven covers his mouth in another realization and holds Lion's cheek.)
Steven: Oh, Lion. So you were- *sighs* Gosh, there- there's so much I want to ask you. If only you could talk.
(Lion bends his head down to Steven without prompt.)
Steven: Thanks, buddy.
(Steven sticks his hand into Lion's mane, preparing to enter the pink dimension again.)
[Trans. Int. Homeworld Kindergarten]
(Lars is poking his arm to check for his skin retention, when Steven suddenly emerges from his hair, gasping for air.)
Steven & Lars: Aah!
(Lars loses his balance and falls onto the back, and Steven tumbles out of his head. Lars groans as he and Steven get up.)
Steven: Sorry, Lars.
Lars: So what happened? What's in my head?
Steven: Home.
Lars: Wha?
Steven: Everyone, I've made an amazing discovery! I just traveled back to planet Earth by going through Lars' head!
Lars: You went back to Earth? What the heck? Is my head like a wormhole?
Steven: No, it's way simpler than that. You see, I have a pink pet lion who belonged to my mom when she was still here, and it turns out I can go into his mane, and it transports me to a magical dimension where my mom kept a bunch of artifacts on a hill with a tree, and for some reason, I can't breathe in there. But anyway, when I went into Lars' head, I got transported to the same magical dimension, but it was a new part of it, but since the two are connected, I could reach the portal that leads out of Lion's mane, which is back on Earth!
Lars: *dumbstruck* Uhh...
Steven: *offers Lars a sandwich* Here, I brought you some food.
Lars: Huh? Thanks, but I-I'll save it for later.
Steven: But, aren't you hungry? Maybe you only eat magical lizards now like Lion. A-Are you hungry for lizards?
Lars: No, I do not want a lizard.
Steven: But you haven't eaten in days.
Lars: I know. There must be pink magic in my guts now or something.
Rhodonite: *picks up a juice box* What is this box?
Steven: It's juice. We drink it back on Earth.
Rhodonite: What?
Rutile Twins: That's impossible.
Rhodonite: Earth?
Rutile Twins: There's no way.
Rhodonite: Unh-unh.
Padparadscha: Steven's back.
Rutile Twins: That can't be. I'm incredulous.
Steven: Why can't it be?
Fluorite: Everyone...knows...that...the Earth...
Rhodonite: *interrupts Fluorite* Was decimated by the Diamond attack! Sorry.
Steven: It's not like that. The Diamonds did attack, but there are still Gems living on Earth, and the planet's full of life. *holds up bag of a chips* It grew the potatoes that became these chips. *holds up a sandwich* And grew the wheat that eventually became the flour that eventually became the bread that eventually became this sandwich!
Rutile Twins: Sand... wich?
Rhodonite: But why would Gems still live there?
Steven: Because the Earth is a place where we can be ourselves. We can live freely without having to hide who we are.
Rutile Twins: Live freely? Without, having to hide?
Fluorite: That...sounds...won...derful...
Steven: It is. And now that we have this portal, we can all go there.
Lars: All? How am I supposed to go through my own head?
Steven: Ohh... Hmm...
[Trans. Int. Pink Dimension]
(Steven tries pulling Lars' arm and the rest of his body into the dimension through his own hair.)
Lars: *grunts in pain* Stop! You're gonna break my elbow!
Steven: *leaves Lars' hair* Okay, so that didn't work, but I'm sure there's another way.
Lars: No, no, look. I get it. Everyone just go, and I'll stay here. There's no other way out. I'm it. The Earth is way better than this. There's no robots flying around. Just seagulls that fly in front of the sunset and it's beautiful! Just go, you'll see. I took it for granted, so don't pass up this chance!
Rhodonite: Well, if you insist.
(Rhodonite begins walking forward, but the Rutile Twins stop her.)
Fluorite: We...won't...do it. ...Not if it means...leaving you...behind...
Lars: What?! I'm trying to perform a beautiful act over here.
Fluorite: We...know...this...planet. ...We've...been...hiding in these tunnels...for eons. ...You'll...need us...to help you...get around. ...Besides, ...us...Off-Colors...stick...together.
Rutile Twins: We'll get to Earth another way. We'll find an alternate route.
Lars: *points at Steven* But you've got to go back.
Steven: But it doesn't feel right to just leave you here.
Lars: You said yourself that everyone on this planet is out to get you. You won't be safe until you're back on Earth.
Steven: But, Lars-
Lars: Don't argue with me! You're always trying to help me. You brought me back to life. Just... Let me be somebody who deserved it.
Steven: All right, I'll tell everyone you're okay. I'll be back. I can bring whatever you need. Be careful, okay?
Fluorite: We...will...
Padparadscha: We can't leave without Lars!
Rhodonite: We'll see you on Earth, I hope. No, no, no. We will!
(Steven places his hand on Lars' chest. Lars pushes his hand out of the way and hugs Steven instead, who embraces him in return.)
Steven: Umm... If you could just...
Lars: Oh, yeah.
(Lars bends his head down to Steven.)
[Trans. Int. Beach House]
(Steven climbs back out Lion's mane, just as the Crystal Gems, Connie, and Greg shortly warp in on the Crystal Temple Warp Pad, still depressed over Steven's surrender.)
Pearl: This is hopeless.
(Steven gasps in surprise.)
Pearl: *pacing around in panic* We'll never get that dropship to fly, and we're losing time! Who knows what they're doing to Steven. Hi Steven. What are we going to d- *notices Steven*
Steven: I'm back!
(Everyone reacts in sheer joy and surprise at Steven's return, and they all rush to embrace Steven. The star iris then closes on Steven's face, overjoyed to be back home.)
[END]