['Open Int. Beach House]
(Pearl and Steven are attempting to piece together a puzzle in the living room, while Amethyst, shapeshifted into a ball, is bouncing rapidly and excitedly in the house, shaking the table and puzzle pieces.)
Pearl: Amethyst...
Steven: Do you mind not bouncing so much?
Amethyst: *shapeshifts back to normal* Oof! Uh, sorry. I'm just super excited. Greg is taking me to a show!
Steven: A show? You mean like at the... *puts on a fake British accent* Theater?
Amethyst: No, like at a... *puts on a fake British accent as well* Rock show! Ha! Like a band! At a house, with a bunch of people hanging out and doing stuff!
Steven: Oh man, that sounds cool! We have an awesome night planned, too! We're doing a puzzle.
Amethyst: *unenthusiastically* Wowee.
Pearl: I know it sounds tame. But it has 612 pieces. And no corners!
Steven: *picks up a corner puzzle piece* I.. found a corner.
Pearl: Oh! *gets disappointed* Oh...
Greg: *enters the house* Hey, y'all!
Amethyst: Greg, Greg, Greg, Greg! So, you ready to throw down in the pit?
Greg: No pits for me tonight. I'm sorry, Amethyst, it totally slipped my mind that Barb invited me and Vidalia over for cards.
Amethyst: Cards?! Ugh, who broke you guys out of the retirement home?
Greg: Trust me, I'd love to go to the show! But Barb threatened to hold my mail if I didn't. She is not a woman of empty threats.
Amethyst: Ugh, man, forget it. I can't go show-lo, that'll be boring!
Pearl: You could hang out with us tonight.
Amethyst: And do a puzzle? Ha, maybe we could fit in some knitting, too.
Pearl: *blushes slightly* That's... not what I meant. We could... go to the show... with you.
Steven: Really?
Amethyst: Wha?! You wanna go to a show, with loud music and people pushing each other? *playfully pushes Pearl's arm*
Pearl: I've done my fair share of... pushing. *gently pushes Amethyst's arm back*
Amethyst: *grips her arm in pretend pain* Ooh, I think it's broken!
Pearl: You two just never saw me in action! Breaking every rule, taking on the authorities, so I could indulge in the joys of life on Earth! ... Oh, a sky piece! *picks up a puzzle piece and connects it to the puzzle*
Steven: Nice!
Greg: Well, if you'd like to go, you guys can take the Dondai!
Pearl: Thank you, Greg!
Steven: Woohoo! Rock show!
Amethyst: Hold on, Pearl. This is a human thing, not a Gem war. Before you rock out, you're gonna wanna blend in.
[Trans. Int. the Big Donut, Dusk]
(Pearl is seen wearing a short jacket and jeans on top of her normal outfit, while Steven is provisioning for the trip.)
Amethyst: Now you're lookin' good!
Pearl: Oh, yes. But I can make it look even gooder. *flips up her jacket collar* It's cool, because the collar isn't supposed to go that way.
Amethyst: You a natural!
Steven: We're almost set on snacks for the road. We just need some beverages. *takes two cans out of the fridge* Strawberry Sugar Shock Shutdown or... good old-fashioned apple juice?
Amethyst: Definitely Sugar Shock Shutdown. *takes the can from Steven* It turns everything red. *opens the can, shoves the whole thing in her mouth and eats it*
Pearl: I'll have one, too, Steven. I think I'll try drinkin' tonight.
Steven: Wow, really? I didn't know you liked apple juice! *hands Pearl the other can*
Pearl: There's a lot you don't know about me, Steven. *tries to open the can, but fails*
Steven: Whoa... So, Amethyst, tell me more about this band we're seeing.
Amethyst: We're going to see Mike Krol. He's got that real garage vibe. Songs about being nostalgic for the suburbs.
Pearl: *finally manages to get the can open* Nostalgic for the suburbs? Psh, they've only existed for, what, 70 years?
Amethyst: *chuckles* Okay, so, when we get there, we gotta walk in like we own the place.
(Pearl begrudgingly takes a sip of the apple juice, when the store door opens. She then spits out the juice in shock as she see a  girl with long pink hair and piercings walks in, staring at her intently as she walks by.)
Amethyst: *points at the Mystery Girl* Oh, hey, right there! Perfect example!
(Pearl's can slips out of her hand onto the floor, as she continues to stare at the Mystery Girl.)
Steven: ... Pearl? You okay?
Pearl: Uhh... *snaps back to reality* I just didn't realize humans could come with pink hair.
Steven: *chuckles* They don't! You gotta go to the store and get this goo. It smells really bad, and it turns your hair whatever color you want!
Pearl: Why would she do that?
Steven: Why don't you go and ask her?
Amethyst: Hey, yeah! We're about to go hang out with a bunch of cool humans! Go do a practice round! *starts chanting* Do it! Do it! Do it!
(Pearl nervously walks up to the mystery girl, who is fixing herself a drink. Pearl peeks over her shoulder at her, before attempting to casually pick up a cup, but accidentally knocks over the whole stack of paper cups, startling the Mystery Girl.)
Pearl: I... Uh...
(The Mystery Girl just walks away without saying a word. Pearl stares in slight disappointment as the Mystery Girl leaves the Big Donut.)
Amethyst: ... Wooooow, woah woah woah, wow!
[Trans. Int. Greg's Dondai, Night-time]
(Steven buckles up in the back seat, Amethyst takes the passenger seat, and Pearl buckles up in the driver seat.)
Amethyst: Well, you sure showed those cups who's boss.
Pearl: Amethyst, seat belt. (Amethyst complies.) Now let's go have the night of our lives!
(Pearl turns the car radio on and begins to drive. Amethyst starts air-drumming to the song, and nobody speaks during the trip until Steven breaks the silence.)
Steven: Okay, nobody's gonna say it? She kinda looked like Mom. You noticed, I noticed, we all noticed.
Amethyst: Oh. Ohhh! *turns to Pearl* That's why you were acting like such a goon! Ha!
Pearl: No, no, that's not it. I'm done thinking about the past. Tonight, I'm all about the future. I'm going to a show. I'm a new Gem who loves socializing with humans.
Amethyst: That's what that was?
Pearl: Look, you weren't there by the cups. I could've talked to her! The timing was just wrong.
(Just then, the Mystery Girl pulls up next to the Dondai on her motorcycle.)
Steven: It's the girl! She's driving right next to us!
Amethyst: No way!
Steven: You've got another chance!
Amethyst: Yeah, do something!
Pearl: *starts sweating anxiously* Like what? Flash my lights? Honk at her?
Amethyst: Just shoot her a look! ... Wait, not yet! Okay, okay. You can look... Now!
(Pearl nervously turns and looks over at the Mystery Girl at Amethyst's signal. The Mystery Girl looks back and smiles at Pearl, causing her to blush. The Mystery Girl then picks up speed, riding ahead of the Dondai and past a traffic light. The lights quickly turns red, forcing Pearl to stop the Dondai as the Mystery Girl rides off.)
Amethyst: Ooh, there she goes.
Steven: Hey, maybe she's going to the same show as us!
Amethyst: I dunno. A girl that cool probably knows about a million shows going on tonight.
(Pearl looks up at the red traffic light anxiously. She then suddenly puts on a determined look, shifts the car gears and hits the accelerator pedal, speeding through the red light.)
Steven: Pearl!
Amethyst: Gahhh!... Hahaha! Yeah, P!
Steven: W-What're you doing? The light was red!
Pearl: *smugly* I know.
(Pearl shifts the car gears again, and begins to catch up to the Mystery Girl.)
Amethyst: There she is!
Steven: What's your plan?!
Pearl: New Pearl; no plan.
Steven: Oh, no kidding.
(Suddenly, red and blue lights beam into the Dondai, as a police siren is heard. Everyone gets uneasy as they spot a police car chasing them from behind.)
Steven: The police want us!
Amethyst: Oh, snap!
Pearl: *gasps in panic* What do I do?!
Steven: You have to pull over to the side and show them your license.
Pearl: I don't have a license!
Amethyst: Haha, oh, right.
Steven: But you're old!
Pearl: What was I supposed to tell the D.M.V? That I'm from another planet?! I'm not exactly a citizen, Steven!
Steven: Then what do we do?!
(Pearl thinks for a bit and puts back on her determined look. She steps on the accelerator, causing Steven and Amethyst to yell in shock, as they speed past the Mystery Girl with the police in pursuit. Pearl turns up the volume music of the car radio while Amethyst cheers excitedly.)
Steven: Pearl, you can't just drive away! This is serious!
Amethyst: Pearl, you're a total bad-
(Pearl suddenly slams on the brake, jerking the car a bit as the tires screech on the road.)
Pearl: This is why we buckle up. *drifts the car around a sharp turn* Hold on!
(Pearl continues speeding along the road, leading the police car in a high-speed pursuit.)
Amethyst: Woohoo!
Steven: Oh boy.
(The chase continues until Pearl spots a billboard that reads "OCEAN TOWN - No longer on FIRE". Pearl pulls on the hand brake and spins the Dondai around, parking it behind the billboard, out of the sight of the police. The police car drives by, not seeing the Dondai.)
Amethyst: Are they gone?
Pearl: I think so.
(Everyone sighs in relief. Pearl attempts to start the engine of the Dondai, but fails.)
Steven: What is it?
Pearl: We're out of gas.
Amethyst: Aww, what?
Steven: Wait, I'll find a gas station. *pulls out his phone* Looks like the closest one is... 20 miles away.
Amethyst: *facepalms* Ughh...
[Time-Skip]
(The trio, having decided to abandon the car, walks along the roadside, when Pearl stops abruptly.)
Pearl: I can't believe this.
Amethyst: Huh?
Pearl: I was so ready! I really wanted to see your Krol.
Steven: What are you talking about?
Pearl: *throws her jacket on the ground, and struggles to get out of her jeans* I was going to drink a juice and wear these- Ugh- pants! *falls over* And... Grrr- Hit people gently enough as to not actually hurt them, and you'd say, "Wow, Pearl is really cool!" But nooooo! *finally takes off her jeans* Instead, we drove to loud music, chased a mysterious woman into the night, and broke the law. *sighs sharply* I've lost my edge. I should have stayed home with the puzzle.
Amethyst: Listen to yourself! You're so hardcore! Who cares about pants? You gunned it from the cops!
Steven: That's the most scared I've been since you almost let me die! You're a criminal now!
Pearl: "Now"? *gets up* I've been a criminal for 6,000 years.
(Amethyst chuckles, when music can be heard in the distance.)
Steven: Wait. Do you hear that?
(The trio scurries through the bushes to find the source of the music, turning out to be the Mike Krol concert.)
Steven: We made it!
(Mike Krol is seen singing "Like a Star" while a crowd listens, dances and lip-syncs along to his songs.)
Steven: *gasps* And there's the girl! *points at the Mystery Girl standing nearby* She's actually here!
Amethyst: No way.
Pearl: I'm going to talk to her.
Amethyst: *nervously* Look, Pearl. I already think you're cool. You can ease into the socializing with humans thing.
Pearl: *smiles and glances at the Mystery Girl* Watch Steven for me. *approaches the Mystery Girl*
Amethyst: Wait, no! You can start smaller! Talk to a nerd!
Steven: Amethyst!
(Amethyst and Steven watch on as Pearl begins interacting with the Mystery Girl. She first holds out her hand to the Mystery Girl.)
Amethyst: Oh no! Oh, she's starting with a handshake?!
(The Mystery Girl shakes Pearl's hand with a smile.)
Steven: Oh! She went for it! They're both smiling!
(Pearl begins to speak to the Mystery Girl, inaudible to Steven and Amethyst over the loud music.)
Amethyst: I can't believe this. Oh, what is Pearl saying?
(The Mystery Girl starts laughing.)
Steven: I don't know, but the girl's laughing.
Amethyst: Do you think she's laughing at her or with her?
Steven: Hard to tell.
Amethyst: Shh, she's coming back!
(Steven and Amethyst run over to Pearl, as she walks back to them.)
Steven: How'd it go?
Pearl: I asked her about her hair, and then she asked how I colored mine. I told her, "My appearance is just a conscious manifestation of light." And she said, "I know how that is." Although, heh, I highly doubt it. Oh! And then I added, "By the way, I saved your planet, and your species, and you're welcome."
Amethyst: *taken aback* And how'd that go over?
Pearl: Not very well. She walked off after giving me some sort of code.
(Pearl holds out a piece of paper, reading a 555 phone number. Amethyst starts chuckling in delight.)
Amethyst: No way!
Steven: Pearl! That's a phone number! She wants you to call her and talk to her on the phone!
Pearl: Oh... well... I don't have a phone.
Amethyst: Pearl! You just like gave her some Shakesperian spiel about light, then got her number like it was nothing?! *keeps giggling* Pearl, you're a total rockstar!
(Pearl looks down at the piece of paper and smiles. "Fifteen Minutes" by Mike Krol begins to play as end-credits play in style of a sitcom, listing Pearl as "Repressed Nerd", Amethyst as "Ultimate Wingman", Steven as "Voice of Reason", and Mystery Girl as "Herself".)
[END]