[Open Int. Big Donut]
(Seagulls are seen crying and flying over the beach. Steven is inside the Big Donut struggling to make a food decision, while Lion is napping near the counter.
Steven: *looking at the different donut options* Hmmm... Hmmm... Hmmmm—Hmmmm.
Sadie: You can do it, Steven.
Steven: Thanks, Sadie. It's just, I could get a donut, which would be tasty. But I always get donuts. Shouldn't I be living life to the fullest and trying new things? So tonight, maybe I'm thinking... Spicy Pretzels?
Sadie: Why don't you ask your little friend?
(Sadie looks at Lion, who suddenly sits up from his nap. Lion then walks over to the Lion Lickers fridge and presses his face against the glass door.)
Steven: Ugh, Lion, those are gross. No offense.
Sadie: You kids better hurry it up. Lars and I are closing up-
(Lars then enters from the employee room, jazzing to music on his headphones and eating a donut, and exits the building.)
Sadie: I'm closing up for the day.
Steven: *sees several bags labelled "Sadie" in a fridge* Hey Sadie! There's a snack named after you?
Sadie: Nah, those are all lunches my mom packed for me.
Steven: Aww, that's so nice.
Sadie: Ehh, actually, it's pretty embarrassing. She's been doing it for years. I mean, I know how to feed myself! They just make me feel like a kid, you know?
Steven: Can I try one?
Sadie: Sure. But, choose wisely. Some of those have been in there for a few months.
[Trans. Int. Beach House]
(Steven and Lion return home with one of Sadie's lunches.)
Steven: Alrighty, Let's see what we've got here. *pulls the food items out of the lunch bag on the kitchen counter* Looks like a classic PBJ sandwich cut into triangles.
(As Steven is examining the food items, Lion sticks his nose into the empty lunch bag and it gets stuck on his face.)
Steven: Very nice, it's the only shape a sandwich should be. Mama Sadie, this lunch is a win.
Lion backs up towards the door, trying to get the lunch bag off his face.)
Steven: And for dessert we have... woah look at this! *runs up to Lion* Lion, Lion, look! It's a cookie shaped like a star. *laughs and compares it to the star on his shirt* I guess you could say this cookie is... out of this world, eh?
(Lion snouts and blows the lunch bag off his nose, hitting Steven in his face. The lunch bag drifts down and Steven, unaffected by the bag, bites into the cookie. He then looks at a painting of his mom hung above the door.)
Steven: *munching* I wonder what kind of lunch my mom would've made me. *gasps* Maybe actual space cookies!
(Lion walks besides Steven and sits down, saying nothing.)
Steven: *sighs* I just wish... I knew a little more about her.
(Lion pokes his nose at Steven's shoulder and looks at him.)
Steven: Blink if this means you love me!
(Lion keeps staring at Steven. Steven then blows into Lion's eyes, causing him to blink involuntarily.)
Steven: He loves me!
[Time Skip — Night time]
(Steven prepares a makeshift bed for Lion, using the cushions from the couch.)
Steven: All done! I made sure to make it extra skooshy, just the way you like it! Wha... hey!
(Lion grunts, leaps up into Steven's Room and crawls into his bed.)
Steven: Hey, get out of there! Lion, this is the Steven bed, not the Lion bed! *grunts* Come on! Whoa!
(Lion walks off Steven's bed, taking the blanket with him.)
Steven: Ugh! Hey! That's mine too! *takes off the blanket, and Lion has a teddy bear in his mouth* And Sir Bearington. (Lion drops the teddy bear. Steven then jumps back into bed.) Hup! Ughh. *yawns* 'Night lion!
(Lion rolls on the makeshift bed and falls asleep on his back.)
Steven: Love you... in the morning. *starts snoring*
(Some time passes, Steven suddenly wakes up and finds himself surrounded by pink plants.)
Steven: *thinking to himself* Whoa... What is this place? *tries to talk, but cannot hear his own voice* I can't breathe!
Pearl: Steven! Steven! Steven! Steven!
(Pearl calls out to Steven and finds Lion sleeping on top of Steven, who seems to be suffocating and struggling.)
Pearl: Oh my gosh! Oh my gosh! Hang on! I got you! *tries to pull Steven out by his legs* Ugh, Lion! Let him go!
(Lion lifts his body slightly and Pearl, pulling at full force, is flung backwards with Steven pulled out.)
Steven: *gasping for air* What happened?
Pearl: Steven, are you all right? Why was Lion sleeping on top of you?
Steven: I don't know. He's being a little clingy today. But that's cause I'm his favorite! Oh!
(Lion nuzzles against Steven and pull his face into his mane.)
Steven: See? Wait... Why are you here, Pearl?
Pearl: *sweating* Me? Nothing. I was just uh... Well, you know how I always say... um, I just uh... I like to watch you sleep sometimes. And by sometimes, I mean often.
Steven: Okie-dokie, it's time for everyone to leave Steven alone. I'm a growing boy and I needs my rest.
(Steven lies down back in his bed, but then sees Lion, sitting at the side of bed and watching over him.)
Steven: Lion, that means you too.
(Steven closes his eyes briefly and opens them again, finding Pearl joining Lion in watching over him too.)
Steven: *chases Lion and Pearl away with a pillow* Rah! Rah! Rah! Rah! Rah! *sighs, flops back on his bed and falls asleep*
[Trans. Int. Steven's Dream]
(Steven begins to dream, of himself and Dogcopter playing checkers on a tiny island. Steven moves a piece.)
Steven: Hm!
(Dogcopter places a chess piece on one of Steven's checker pieces.)
Dogcopter: *speaks without a mouth* I win.
Steven: Oh, what? That was a good move!
Dogcopter: Thanks.
Steven: Dogcopter. How do you do it?
Dogcopter: How do I do what?
Steven: I mean, what's your secret? How'd you get so talented?
Dogcopter: Don't focus so much on talent, Steven. Making art is all about communication. A piece of art is a conversation. Every choice you make, is a statement.
(Dogcopter eats the chess piece.)
Dogcopter: Don't worry about labels, or conforming to a standard. Just be true to yourself, and people will appreciate your honesty.
Steven: Woah. Thanks for the advice.
Dogcopter: And take a deep breath.
(Dogcopter flies away.)
Steven: What?
(Steven then finds himself falling into a void and quickly takes a deep breath. He soon finds himself surrounded by the pink plants again. He gets up and finds himself in the middle of a plain of pink grass.)
Steven: *thinking to himself* Here again? I don't know what this place is but it feels... familiar. Why can't I breathe? Wait a minute... Lion! *struggles and pulls himself away Lion, sleeping atop him again* Ungh! Lion, my face is not your bed! What's going on with you?
(Lion rolls over on his back, exposing his belly.)
Steven: You just wanted a belly rub?
(Lion just grunts softly.)
Steven: *gasps  and starts stroking Lion's belly* You never let me touch your belly! Oh!
(Lion pulls Steven in into a hug and shoves his face into his mane.)
Steven: *struggles around* It's a trap! *struggles again* An adorable trap! *struggles some more* Okay, you got me! *puffs at Lion* Will you let me go? Come on now! Ugh!
(Steven tries to pull himself free, but Lion hugs him tightly, sinking his claws onto his back.)
Steven: AAH! That's it! *steps outside the house* Let's go Lion, you're on a time out!
(Lion just stands in the doorway and look at it.)
Steven: I said, you're on time out! *pushes Lion outside* You're gonna stay out here and think about what you did!
(Steven locks Lion outside on the porch and heads back to his bed. As he does so, Lion begins to yowls sadly and looks at Steven with pitiful puppy eyes, grasping his attention and mesmerizing him.)
Steven: *gasps* He loves me! *goes outside to Lion and hugs him* Aww, I just can't stay mad at you! You're a wonderful pink human being. Except you're not. 'Cause you're a lion.
(Steven sinks his face into Lion's mane and finds himself back with the unbreathable pink plain again. He quickly pulls his head out and gasps for air. Lion glares at Steven as he places his palm on Lion's mane, causing it to glows pink. Steven then takes a deep breath and dunks his head back into Lion's mane, back into the pink plain.
Steven: *thinking to himself* I'm inside Lion's mane?!
(Steven proceeds to dunk his head in and out of Lion's mane repeatedly and laughs in entertainment, causing Lion to growl and glare at him in annoyance.)
Steven: Sorry, I couldn't resist.
(Steven takes another deep breath and climbs all the way into Lion's mane.
Steven: *thinking to himself* Am I... supposed to do something here? Wha...? *sees a pink tree on a hill in the distance and advances toward it* Mm... *quickly running out of breath, sticks his head out of Lion's mane briefly to breathe, and goes back in*
(Steven reaches the tree and looks around at the various things around it, such as Rose Quartz's Battle Flag, a bubbled gem, Rose's sword, an XXL Mr. Universe Shirt, a chest, a picture of Rose and Greg, and a VHS tape. Steven picks up the VHS tape and finds it labelled in cursive, reading "For Steven".)
Steven: *thinking to himself* For me? Who would put this here? And how does this huge place fit inside of Lion's mane anywa-
(Steven begins running out of breath again. He then realizes he cannot exit Lion's mane and starts to panic. He starts running back to the pink grass when he trips over a rock. He tumbles down the hill and into the pink grass, successfully exiting Lion's mane and gasps heavily for air. Just then, Pearl is seen exiting the Temple Gate with Amethyst and Garnet.)
Pearl: ...and he keeps sleeping on Steven's face! But Steven doesn't want me watching him anymore. So one of you two has to do it.
(Steven sees the Gems from outside the house and decides to slip away from them, bringing along the VHS tape with him. He goes to the Big Donut as Lars and Sadie are opening up for the day.)
Steven: Sadie! Sadie!
Sadie: Steven, you know donuts aren't ready for another hour. (Steven whispers into Sadie's ear.) Really? Come on!
(Steven and Sadie sit in the employee room as Steven puts the VHS tape in the TV in the room. They both begin watching the tape as it starts to play. The screen crackles with static and flashes between different shots of the ocean waves and the Crystal Temple, when a younger Greg dances across the screen on the sand.)
Rose: *chuckling* What are you doing?
Sadie: Steven, that voice.
(The screen flashes again, showing Greg napping and snoring on the beach, with a seagull on his stomach.)
Rose: *chuckles and whispers* Greg made a friend.
(The seagull squawks, waking Greg up, and flies off.)
Greg: What?! Ah! *panting*
(The screen flashes again, showing just Greg on the screen.
Rose: *laughs* Go on...
Greg: Sorry, I'm getting stage fright here.
Rose: Tell us about yourself.
Greg: Well, let's see here... My name is Greg. No, no, no! This is all wrong!
(The screen flashes, opening with a blue crab on the sand.
Greg: Okay, go! (The screen pans towards him, posing on the beach.) They call me... *strums his guitar* Mr. Universe! Get ready baby, you're gonna have the coolest dad this side of the cosmos! *mimics a guitar riff* Press the button, Rose!
Rose: Oh, right! (A colorful stream with stars then washes across the screen.) Was that the right one?
Greg: Uh... Maybe.
Rose: Oh, what does this one do?
(The iconic star iris then zooms in on Greg and the screen flashes, showing Greg  playing his guitar on the beach, while Rose narrates over the shot.)
Rose: Isn't it remarkable, Steven? This world is full of so many possibilities. Each living thing has an entirely unique experience. The sights they see, the sounds they hear. The lives they live are so complicated... a-and so simple. (Steven watches the tape in sheer happiness.) I can't wait for you to join them. *turns the camera towards her, revealing herself* Steven, we can't both exist. I'm going to become half of you. And I need you to know that every moment you love being yourself, that's me, loving you and loving being you. Because you're going to be something extraordinary. You're going to be a human being.
Greg: Hey, Rose!
Rose: Take care of them, Steven.
(The screen flashes again, showing a pregnant Rose setting the camera down and running up to Greg. Greg caresses Rose's belly and they lean in for a kiss, when the screen flashes for one last time, crackling in static as the tape ends.)
Lars: *enters the employee room* Hey, Sadie, come on, we got to open up!
(Steven and Sadie turn around to look at Lars with tears in their eyes, causing him to back up in awkwardness. Steven steps out of the room, high-fives Lars' chest and leaves. Sadie then steps out of the room too, wiping away her tears.)
Lars: What in the world did you guys watch?
(Steven walks out of the Big Donut and hugs Lion. Sadie then picks up the phone on the counter and dials a number.)
Sadie: Hey, mom? *blushes* You know how I said you didn't have to make me those lunches anymore?
[END]