[Open. Int. The Dondai Supremo with upbeat beach rock playing for Steven]
Steven: ♫  Teens by day, hey, we're all right!
Teens by day, but, every night, we're: Sadie Killer and the Suspects!
Whoa oh oh, Sadie Killer and the Suspects! ♫
[Trans. Int. Spacetries]
Steven: Hey, Blue Lace.
(Blue Lace smashes dough being made.)
Steven: *coughs and laughs* Hey, Lars!
Lars: Hey, Steven! Here to pick up the cake?
Steven: Yeah, but I also want to see how you're doing.
(Sadie Miller enters the shop.)
Sadie: Hey, Steven! Hi, Lars!
Steven: Sadie! Oh my gosh. I can't remember the last time we were all together in a pastry establishment.
Lars: Hey Sadie, I've got your moon cakes.
Sadie: Thanks.
Lars: Sure. So, how's stuff going with Shep?
Steven: Huh? Shep?
Sadie: Great. They're so cool. I can't believe we've been dating for almost two months, now. Everything just feels so, easy.
Lars: That's, awesome. Say "Hi" to them for me.
Sadie: Will do. Well, see you later.
Lars: Yeah.
Steven: What was that, and who is Shep?
Lars: Shep is Sadie's new partner. They met while she was on tour with the Suspects. It's cool.
Steven: Is it?
Lars: Yes, it is. Besides, I'm leaving anyway. Now that the Off Colors are done with school, we're going to head back into space.
Steven: *gasps* But what about the shop?
Lars: I asked Blue Lace to take over. I'm ready to move on. You get it, right? You're finished setting up the school. Don't you want to try something new?
Steven: Well, I... hmm.
Lars: Oh. Looks like the graduation cake is ready. I'll see you tonight, Steven.
Steven: Yeah.
[Trans. Int: Graduation Ceremony on seashore']
Steven: We're all proud to see our graduates evolve and be there for each other as everyone moves on to bigger and better things and new and exciting places. Well, except for me. I'll still be, right here. Ahem. Alright. Graduates, move those tassels!
(The graduates moves their tassels from their right to their left.)
Steven: And with that, let's give them a hearty con-grad-ulations!
(Everyone celebrates, and a party ensues after. Steven floats down to Sadie and Shep with style.)
Steven: Whhhat up, Sadie? Huh-
(Steven loses his gliding and collapses.)
Sadie: Steven! I don't think you've had a chance to meet my new partner.
Shep: Hey! I'm Shep. It's cool to finally meet you.
Steven: So... you and Sadie have been dating for almost two months?
Shep: That, is true.
Steven: You know, a lotta people say you don't really know someone until you've been stranded on an island with them.
Shep: What? People say that?
Steven: Yeah.
Shep: Well... we're gonna go grab some cake before we go on at 7:00.
Sadie: *laughs* yeah.
Steven: Wait. Sadie. Isn't that when you're singing with the Suspects?
Sadie: Actually, I was thinking of doing a song with Shep.
Steven: Oh, uh, cool. Can't wait to hear it.
Shep: We'll catch you later, Steven.
(Steven frowns and blocks Lars from advancing to the same cake place.)
Steven: I wouldn't go over there right now.
Lars: Is something wrong with the cake?
Steven: What? No, no. Sadie and Shep are over there.
Lars: Oh, cool. I'll go over and say hi.
Steven: H-hold on! A-are you okay?
Lars: Yeah. Are you okay?
Steven: ... Why wouldn't I be?
(Steven looks at Jenny Pizza and floats on by.)
Jenny: Hey, Steven! Looks like everyone's enjoying the graduation so far.
Steven: Yep. Everyone but me. *sighs* I guess, it seems like everyone's got something new going on.
Jenny: Yeah. It's not a bad thing, though. Sour Cream has regular gigs as a DJ in Empire City. Buck got into medical school. He's gonna be saving lives in, like, 20 years, and I've been full steam ahead on jackets for phones.
Steven: What's that?
Jenny: It's my new online business. We- and by we, I mean I -- make the finest jackets perfectly sized for your mobile device.
Steven: Aw, it's got little pockets- *gasps* and a little phone in one of the pockets! Everyone on the planet is gonna want one of these. How are you gonna find the time?
Jenny: Well, I'm gonna have plenty of time now that the Suspects are breaking up.
Steven: What?!
Jenny: Did Sadie not tell you?
Steven: Uhh...
Sadie: Hey, Steven. Are you ready for us?
Steven: Oh! Right! Wait, I-I-I've gotta introduce you. *walks to mic* Hey. Is every-everyone having a good time tonight? *crowd cheers* Who here loves Sadie Killer and the Suspects? Well, our band tonight has, only one of them.
Lars: Oh, jeez.
Steven: So, yeah, here's, uh- what's your new band called?
Sadie: Um, we don't have a name yet.
Steven: Uh, heh, well, you should've asked me, hum, I'm really good at naming bands. *walks off*
Sadie: *on mic* This is just a little something Shep and I have been putting together, and, w-we really hope you like it.
Shep: We welcome any and all critique after the show.
("Looking Forward" plays, and Lars walks away sometime after)
Steven: Lars?
Lars: Ah. Hey, Steven.
Steven: Lars, wait up. Hey, Lars, where are you going?
Lars: I think I'm gonna bounce. I just wanted to be here for the crew. These big parties aren't really my thing.
Steven: But, you're leaving the planet tomorrow, aren't you? When am I going to see you again?
Lars: Dude, you can visit me whenever. I'm like, your magic portal, remember?
Steven: W-w-wait. Don't go yet.
Lars: It's been real, Steven.
Steven: Lars... *enters his pink state* STOP!
Lars: Steven-
(Lars hits Steven's generated force field, the latter multiplying to form a dome that traps everyone at the graduation ceremony.)
Lars: *bangs force field* Steven, what are you doing?
Steven: Sorry, I-I don't know how I did this.
Lars: Well, just fix it.
Steven: Right, right, yeah, okay, umm, *grunts* ... Huh.
Jenny: You don't have any idea why this happened?
Steven: I think this dome activated as a reaction to some powerful feeling someone here has been bottling up. And, I guess we all know who that is. Lars!
Lars: What are you talking about?!
Steven: We won't be able to leave until you work out your feelings towards Sadie. You guys haven't even talked since you got back.
Sadie: We did, though... Look, Steven. The two of us tried to reconnect a few times, but, we both just, grew apart.
Lars: Sadie knows I miss her, but she knows how happy I am that she found someone better for her.
Shep: Awww.
Sadie: And Lars knows I'm really glad he found himself in space with his new Gem friends.
Steven: But when did this happen?! I didn't see any of this!
Sadie: That's because it was private.
Jenny: ... *cough*
Steven: But, I thought you were only leaving because you were jealous of Shep.
Lars: I'm leaving because I like being in space. There are still adventures waiting for us out there. We can take what we've learned to other planets!
Steven: But if there's nothing to work out... *looks nervously at everyone* Is it getting claustrophobic in here, o-or is it just me?
(In response to Steven's emotion, the dome closes in on itself. Those trapped try to halt its progress through pushing.)
Jenny: Steven, You wanna get rid of this dome already?!
Steven: Okay. I can control this. I just gotta think real hard!
Shep: Hey, Steven?
Steven: Not now, Shep. I need to concentrate.
Shep: Just, hear me out-
Steven: Look! If I don't figure out how to get rid of this dome, all my friends are gonna die!
Lars: Wouldn't be the first time.
Shep: Well, but, your magic's all about your feelings, right? I don't know. It just seems like you're sad about all your friends drifting away, so you trapped us all in this dome to keep us from leaving.
Steven: I don't see the connection.
Shep: Maybe, you're trying to figure yourself out right now, and you want your friends along to help you through it.
Steven: It's just that, I've always been trying to help my friends! I don't know who I am without them!
Sadie: Steven, you're great, but you need to let us live our own lives.
Shep: If you don't give people room to grow, you'll suffocate them. In this case, literally.
Steven: I know. I don't want to hold any of you back. I just can't help it if my dumb heart misses you guys.
Jenny: Awww, Steven!
Sadie: We'll still be your friends.
Lars: Even if we're light-years away.
Steven: You guys.....
(Steven's normal color comes back and the dome dissipates, freeing everyone from impending doom.)
Jenny: Hm. That wasn't the worst party I've been to. See ya, Steven.
Sadie: It was nice seeing you again.
Steven: Yeah. You guys are a really good couple, and I really like your new sound.
Shep: Want a CD?
Steven: Have any tape cassettes?
Shep: I got you right here. Take it easy!
Lars: So, yeah, Steven. Me and the crew are gonna... *blows raspberry*
Steven: Lars, *chuckles regretfully* I'm, I'm really sorry.
Lars: Yeah. I guess, it's kinda cute how bad you don't want me to leave.
Steven: Of course I don't want you to leave!
Lars: Buck up, man. Just come and visit.
Steven: It's just, for a second, we were all home together again. *sighs* I don't think I like graduations. Maybe I should quit running Little Homeschool.
Lars: ... Hey. *wraps arm on Steven* Come here.
(Steven returns with a big hug, and Lars reciprocates.)
Lars: ... Are you gonna let me go anytime soon?
Steven: Just a couple more minutes.
(Looking Forward plays as Steven looks to Little Homeschool welcoming new student, though saddened. He drives to a forest and lays atop his car, staring into the night sky and reflecting on what his next calling should be.)
[END]