[Open Beach]
(Steven and Connie are sitting on the beach in front of the Crystal Temple.)
Steven: *covering his eyes* Can I look yet?
Connie: Okay.
(Connie pulls out a book titled "Unfamiliar Familiar".)
Steven: *opens her eyes and gasps* BOOOOKS! Whoa, cool cover!
Connie: It's my favorite series! It's about this girl named Lisa and she's a witch! - I mean, she doesn't know she's a witch at first, and she has a familiar, which is sorta like this spirit companion that everyone in the world has. And hers is a talking falcon named Archimicarus! Anyways she goes on this quest to find her father after he's kidnapped by the mysterious one-eyed man.
Steven: Whoa, mystery!
Connie: Here! Lemme get you started! *takes the book from Steven and opens it* Ahem. "Chapter One: The Morning Thief. Lisa awoke with a start, the echoes of her dreams still dancing in her mind, the low rumble of thunder murmured through the quiet house- "
(A distant rumbling noise is then heard, shocking Steven and Connie a bit.)
Steven: Wooah, this is a really good book!
Connie: Uh... okay. "The house was deathly still. The only sound Lisa could hear was her own heartbeat pounding in her ears. The hairs on her neck tingled when suddenly-"
(Something then suddenly plunges into the sea near them.)
Steven: What the-
Steven & Connie: *gets splashed by water* Aahh!
(The Gems burst out of the Beach House to see what is happening.)
Amethyst: What was that?
(A giant green sphere rolls onto the beach from the sea, and legs extend out of it.)
Steven: It's one of the Marble Robots.
Connie: What?
(The robonoid starts advancing towards Steven and Connie. Garnet quickly jumps in between and stops it with her gauntlets.)
Garnet: AMETHYST! PEARL!
Amethyst & Pearl: *leap into the air and dive towards the robonoid* Huuuuuh- Yaaaaaah!!!
(The Gems successfully destroy the robonoid, while Steven has already summoned his bubble shield to protect himself and Connie.)
Steven: *dispels his bubble* You okay?
Connie: *amazed* I love hanging out at your place!
Steven: Pearl, do you think this was-
Pearl: One of Peridot's Machines? Yes I think so, only... we've never seen one this big before.
Amethyst: Or this gooey! *covered head to toe in green goo*
Pearl: Amethyst, we need to be careful we don't know what this stuff is.
(Amethyst snickers and gets a mischievous look on her face.)
Pearl: Oh no! Don't you DARE get that stuff on me!
Amethyst: *spreads her arms out wide* GOOP HUG!
(Pearl freaks out and runs away. Amethyst starts chasing Pearl off-screen.)
Amethyst: *distantly* Come here, Pearl! I love you, Pearl!
Pearl: *distantly* NO! Get away! Let go of me!
Connie: Peridot. Is that the Gem you told me about? The one that's trying to come to Earth?
Steven: Yeah. We stopped her before but, I guess she can still shoot stuff here from space. *walks over to Garnet.* So... what do you think it was here to do?
Garnet: We destroyed it. *picks up a piece of the broken robonoid* That's all that matters. *tosses it aside*
Steven: *nods* Hm!
Amethyst: GOOP HUG!!
(Amethyst suddenly rushes in and give Garnet a hug, covering her in goo too. Pearl approaches, covered in goo as well and looking unimpressed. Garnet pulls her in and the Gems have a group "goop hug".)
[Trans Int. Connie's House]
Dr. Maheswaran: *holding and covering a phone* Connie? The Steven Universe boy would like to speak with you.
(Connie quickly rushes down the stairs and grabs the phone.)
Dr. Maheswaran: *speaks to herself* I swear that's not his real name. *walks off*
Connie: Hi Steven! What's up? Have you read more "Unfamiliar Familiar"?
Steven: Yeah but I'm-
Connie: *screams excitedly* Aaah! Isn't it amazing? How far did you get?
Steven: I'm in the middle of one of them but, I'm really confused... *picks up one book* They keep talking about this Plinkman guy who died... Am I suppose to know who he is?
Connie: Plinkman... but that's Lisa's dad- Steven? You're reading them in order, right?
Steven: There's an order? Aww man, I just started with the one with the coolest cover.
(Connie zones out with a blank expression on her face.)
Steven: Hello? Connie?
(Another distant rumbling noise is heard, shaking Steven off his seat.)
Steven: What the-?
(The Gems rush out from the Temple Gate.)
Garnet: Something entered the atmosphere.
(The Gem exits the house onto the porch.)
Amethyst: Up there! *points at a shooting object in the sky*
Pearl: It's another one of those things!
Garnet: It landed on Mask Island! Come on!
Steven: Connie, I'm gonna call you back.
[Trans. Ext. Mask Island]
(The Crystal Gems warp to Mask Island and spots the robonoid wandering towards them.)
Pearl: Is it... looking for a warp?
Garnet: We have to stop it!
(The Gems charge towards the robonoid and destroy it, spilling green goo everywhere.)
Steven: *covered in goo* Yeesh! What are these things trying to do?
Pearl: We're not... really... that sure...
Garnet: It's not trying to do anything now.
(Steven moans in uncertainty.)
[Trans Int. Connie's House]
Connie: *on the phone with Steven* Okay. So you read the first three books in order. Do you... like them?
Steven: Of Course!, They're awesome! I really love Lisa's familiar - He's my favorite, I'm... just confused about one thing though.
Connie: What's that?
Steven: What... is... a familiar?
Connie: ... Noooooo ugggggh... *slumps against the cabinet in disappointment* huh...
(Another distant rumbling occurs again.)
Connie: Was that another one of those marble things?
(The Gems rush out from the Temple Gate again.)
Steven: Yeah...
Amethyst: *stretches her face in anger* GRRRRRRRR! What is with these things? This is like the FIFTH one this week!
Garnet: We'll find it in the Desert!
Steven: Connie, talk later! *tosses his phone aside* Wait you guys, wait for me!
(The Gems, annoyed, warp ahead towards the Desert without Steven, but he quickly warps away on his own too and catches up.)
[Trans. Ext The Desert]
(Steven arrives in the Desert and finds the Gems attacking another robonoid in desperation. Garnet tries to push against the robonoid, Pearl sit atop it and is stabbing it with her spear, and Amethyst has her whip wrapped around it.)
Pearl: STOP! COMING! HERE! YOU! STUPID! BALLS!
Amethyst: Yeah! Let it out! Get CRAZY! *tugging on the robonoid* Hua!
Steven: *runs in and flails his arms* Guys, guys, guys! Stop! (The Gems pause and look at him.) How many more of these things are you gonna have to fight?
Pearl: *stressed* WE DON'T KNOW! They just keep COMING and COMING and we don't even know what they ARE! We don't know ANYTHING!
Steven: That's okay. I don't know anything all the time, it's like my whole life. But I have you guys to tell me about tell me about Gem stuff, Connie can explain what familiars are, and Dad tells me weird dad stuff.
Pearl: But nobody knows what these things are here to do.
Steven: Well... It probably does. *points at the robonoid*
Pearl: What?
Steven: We could follow it and see where it goes.
Amethyst: ARE YOU NUTS?!
Pearl: Who knows what could go wrong?
Garnet: We can't keep fighting these things forever- Well, we can, but I don't want to... Let's do it Steven's way.
Steven: Yeah! Let's follow the funky flow. *waves his arms around*
Amethyst: We're dead.
(The Gems let loose of the robonoid and hop atop of it.)
Steven: Alright big guy, Mush! *pats the robonoid*
Gems: Woaaah... Uggh...
Steven: Uh-heh-heh. WOOHOO!
(The robonoid starts moving as the Crystal Gems ride atop it. It then steps onto the warp pad and warps away.)
[Trans. ext. Prime Kindergarten]
(The Crystal Gems and the robonoid arrive at the warp pad in the Kindergarten. Everyone gasps in horror.)
Garnet: Kindergarten...
Pearl: Oh, why here? This site has been damaged enough by the Gems that were incubated here 6,000 years ago! That's it! It's confirmed. These things are up to no good! *summons her spear from her gem*
Steven: Wait! *flails his hands at Pearl* We don't even know what it's doing here? Can't we just... see where it wants to go?
Pearl: Garnet?
Garnet: Hmm... Steven's way.
(Pearl sighs and the spear slowly retracts back into Pearl's gem. The robonoid jumps down to ground level and continues advancing, with the Crystal Gems still riding on it.)
Pearl: What does it want here?
Steven: Maybe it just wants to see where Amethyst was made.
Amethyst: Maybe it should mind its own business.
Pearl: I don't like this at all...
Steven: But...
Amethyst: *looks at Steven* I'm kinda with Pearl on this one.
Steven: Aw, come on, can't you feel this guy's funky flow? He's a funk master. *pats the robonoid*
Pearl: I can't believe we're doing this.
(The robonoid suddenly stops.)
Steven: Why'd you stop, li'l buddy?
Garnet: Something's happening.
(Garnet grabs Steven and the Crystal Gems jumps off the robonoid. Thee robonoid opens a pyramid-shaped hole in the ground, morphs into a pyramid itself and fits into the hole.)
Steven: *starry-eyed* Yesss!
(The robonoid begins to descend into the ground.)
Steven: See? I knew we'd find something cool... Let's go!
(Steven jumps into the hole and lands on the robonoid. The Gems quickly follow suit.)
Steven: Hey guys! Going down? ... Are you okay?
Pearl: What is all this?
(The Crystal Gems continues to descend as they see thick green wires lining the walls of the hole. The robonoid stops at the bottom and lights up a room. A hand pedestal arises in the middle of the room. A squishing noise is the heard.)
Steven: What's the sound?
(The Crystal Gems peek over as they watch another small robonoid forms from the tip of the pyramid robonoid. It climbs into the room and activates the hand pedestal, activating the room. Several screens lit up with a center monitor screen, displaying static for a brief moment, and then displays Peridot on-screen. The Crystal Gems, startled by Peridot's image, quickly run off to hide.)
Peridot: Established Gem Projection Link with control room. Plug Robonoid has successfully landed on Planet Earth and entered Prime Kindergarten Control Room in Facet Five. Will proceed to perform status check of Kindergarten.
Amethyst: *whispers* It's Peridot.
Pearl: *gasps and whispers* Is she trying to re-activate the Kindergarten? Doesn't she know it'll destroy all life on Earth?!
Steven: Why don't we ask her?
Garnet: Shh! Steven, we're facing an enemy we don't know with technology we don't understand. This isn't the time to be asking questions.
Steven: Really sounds like it is...
Garnet: Ok - here's the plan: We can't let her see us, so we wait for an opening. When she's distracted, we destroy the power source on the far wall. Steven stays here!
(Pearl and Amethyst nod in approval. The Gems turn to look at Steven, who has vanished from their sight, and see him approaching Peridot's screen.)
Gems: *whisper-shouts* Steven!
Peridot: Now accounting for all operational Injectors. Checking for aberrations in perimeter.
(Steven climbs into the control room, and two large green hand constructs emerge from the floor beside him. The hands activate a pair of panels on the wall screens, which causes cylinders to eject from the ceiling.)
Peridot: Ugh, this Gem Tech is simply archaic.
Steven: I don't know, I think it looks pretty cool.
(There is silence; Peridot's monitor abruptly and quickly cancels all she is doing and turns to face Steven in surprise.)
Steven: Hi! I'm Steven.
Peridot: There appears to be an infestation of "Stevens" in the Kindergarten.
Steven: Daw, I'm not so bad once you get to know me!
Peridot: ... And how many more Stevens are present in this area?
Steven: Oh - just me.
Peridot: Nee-ah, that's a relief. So tell me - Have Stevens replaced "humans" as the dominant species on Earth?
Steven: Oh no, there's lots of humans, there's my dad, Connie, Lars and Sadie, the mailman, Onion... I think. ...Lots of people.
Peridot: Hmm...
Steven: Now I get to ask a question, what are you doing?
Peridot: Hm, just picking up where we left off.
(Peridot's monitor faces away from Steven. A hand construct raises above Steven and forms a fist, attempting to crush him. Garnet jumps in to catch the fist and throws it away. Peridot's monitor turns back and Peridot looks surprised by Garnet's presence.)
Peridot: A Gem?! (Amethyst and Pearl jump up as well.) AH! MORE?? But the Red Eye didn't report the presence of any Gems on this planet!
Pearl: That's because we destroyed it.
Peridot: You what? But the records say that Gems were wiped out on earth... Wait a minute... You're the ones that have been destroying my Plug Robonoids... Are you the reason the Homeworld Warp is down again? Is THIS your bizarre icon? *shows them the Crying Breakfast Friends! sticker* UHROOH!!! Why do you keep destroying my THINGS?!
Pearl: Because we are the Crystal Gems! We're still alive, and we're still the guardians of this planet and all its living creatures!
Peridot: The Crystal Gems?
(The Gems start attacking Peridot's hand constructs, while Steven watches in astonishment.)
Peridot: Stop! How dare you? I'm doing this one way or another. You're just... making it... really... difficult!
Garnet: Amethyst, now!
Amethyst: DESTROY!!! *uses her whip to grab a hand and hurls it at the control room's power source, breaking it*
Peridot: I'm reporting this!-
(Peridot's screen transmission disappears.)
Amethyst: Is it over?
(The Gems look at each other silently. They then walk over to Steven and stare at him, unamused.)
Steven: Okay... I- I might have gone a little too far this time.
Garnet: Well, Steven, you weren't completely wrong. We learned something new because of your decisions.
Steven: Alright!
Garnet: But yeah, this was a pretty bad idea.
Steven: Aw man...
(A black star iris envelops the screen in a reverse star wipe, ending the episode.)
[END]