[Open Ext. Beach House]
(Connie, carrying a bag with Rose's Sword, walks up to the Beach House porch and knocks on the door. It opens up and Steven, who is apparently bald, greets her.)
Steven: Lovely day, isn't it?
Connie: Yeah, I guess.
(Connie walks into the house without looking up at Steven.)
Steven: Ya know, uh, my dad told me I should expect this at some point, but I didn't think it would happen overnight.
Connie: Right, yeah.
(Steven grows more uneasy that Connie is not noticing his apparent baldness.)
Steven: Connie, I'm bald!
Connie: *turns and finally notices Steven's baldness* Oh. What happened?
Steven: Nothing. *takes off an elastic cap* It was just a joke.
Connie: Oh, okay.
(Steven notices Connie's lack of enthusiasm.)
Steven: Hey, are you okay?
(Pearl and Garnet warp in on the Crystal Temple Warp Pad.)
Pearl: Steven, Connie! I hope you two are ready for today's special lesson.
Connie: Oh, no, was I supposed to bring something?
Garnet: Just yourselves.
Pearl: Garnet is going to sit in. She's very excited to see you fight as Stevonnie.
Connie: Oh! Right! Fusion training.
Garnet: I made a sign. Woooop. *pulls out a sign behind her back* This side is for both of you, and this side is for Stevonnie. It's two signs in one. A fusion sign.
Steven: *laughs* Fusion joke.
(Steven elbows Connie playfully, and she chuckles weakly.)
[Trans. Int. Ancient Sky Arena]
(Steven and Connie faces off two Holo-Pearls, while Garnet spectates from the seatings.)
Pearl: Ready, kids?
Steven: Yes, ma'am!
(Steven notices Connie gazing away, seemingly distracted, and he elbows her.)
Steven: Connie!
Connie: -Yes, ma'am!
Garnet: *cheering* Ste-ven! Con-nie! Whoo!
Holo-Pearls: Initiating fusion dance.
(The Holo-Pearls begin to dance in robotic ways to fuse into one big Holo-Pearl.)
Holo-Pearl: Come at me, children.
(Steven and Connie nod at each other and begin dancing to fuse as well. Garnet flips her sign in ecstatically as Stevonnie appears, summoning their shield in one hand, and drawing their sword in the other.)
Stevonnie: Let's dance.
Pearl: Let us... begin!
(The fight begins. Holo-Pearl attacks first, and the duelists exchanges offenses and defenses. Holo-Pearl unleashes a flurry of attacks until Stevonnie jumps over it and begins floating to a nearby pillar.)
Stevonnie: Huh? *chuckles*
Pearl: *gasps* Oh!
Stevonnie: All right! Stevonnie's got floating powers! Time to finish the job!
(Stevonnie jumps off the pillar and dives toward Holo-Pearl. However, Stevonnie starts to hallucinate Holo-Pearl as a human child, and it startles them.)
Stevonnie (Steven)
Huh?
Stevonnie (Connie)
I'm sorry!
(Stevonnie dives past Holo-Pearl and collides into the ground. Pearl and Garnet gasp in shock as Stevonnie rolls on the ground and unfuses back into Steven and Connie. They quickly runs up to the pair's side.)
Garnet & Pearl: Steven! Connie!
Steven: W-what happened?
Connie: Mmmuh! Nugh! *runs off*
Steven: Connie, wait!
(Connie runs out of the entrance into the arena. Steven follows after and finds her sitting, curled-up, on the stairs. He then walks up to sit down next to her.)
Steven: Hey, what's wrong?
Connie: I did something terrible at school, and I don't know what to do.
Steven: That doesn't sound like you. What happened?
Connie: ... I beat someone up.
Steven: What?!
Connie: A kid I didn't know. He just bumped into me in the hallway. I was so startled, my training instincts kicked in. I just... reacted. I was so embarrassed, I just ran away.
Steven: But you didn't mean to hurt him! *sighs* I know what it's like... Sometimes, you hurt people... by accident..? Y-you just have to try not to think about it.
Garnet: Hold the phone.
(Garnet appears at the entrance, staring down at Steven and Connie.)
Garnet: Now give the phone to me.
[Trans. Beach, Dusk]
(Garnet brings Steven and Connie to the beach, and they sit down, facing each other.)
Garnet: For a fusion to work, there needs to be balance. An imbalance can cause your fusion to lose touch with reality, see things that aren't there, and eventually fall apart. That is to say, if one of you is falling apart, your fusion will as well. To find balance, you must understand your feelings. To understand your feelings, you must see them clearly without running from them.
Connie: See them clearly?
Garnet: I'll show you, but first, we need Stevonnie.
Steven & Connie: *nod at each other* Mmm.
(Steven and Connie fuse back into Stevonnie. Garnet then prompts them to take up a meditating position.)
Garnet: Close your eyes.
Stevonnie: Okay.
Garnet: Breathe.
(Stevonnie starts breathing deeply as everything fades to darkness.)
Garnet: Here, in darkness, everything's okay. Listen to the waves, and let them fade away. Here comes a thought.
[Trans. Int. Fusion Realm]
(When Stevonnie opens their eyes, they gasps in surprise to find themselves and Garnet inside a realm of a blue hue, as Garnet begins to sing.)
Garnet: ♪ Take a moment to think of just, / Flexibility, love, and trust. / Take a moment to think of just, / Flexibility, love, and trust. ♪
(Garnet takes up a mediating position, and Stevonnie follows promptly. Garnet then gazes off in a distance, and Stevonnie does too, spotting Ruby and Sapphire standing next to each other.)
Garnet: ♪ Here comes a thought, / That might alarm you. / What someone said, / And how it harmed you. ♪
(Ruby gets infuriated by a butterfly and chases after it, leaving Sapphire alone as she is surrounded by more butterflies.)
Garnet: ♪ Something you did, / That failed to be charming. / Things that you said, / Are suddenly swarming. ♪
(A butterfly perches on Stevonnie's finger and they look down sorrowfully. The butterfly flies away, and a swarm of them fly in from behind Stevonnie to surround Sapphire in a vortex of them.)
Garnet: ♪ And oh! You're losing sight. You're losing touch. / All these little things seem to matter so much, / That they confuse you. / That I might lose you. ♪
(Sapphire stares in immerse fear at the collective mass of butterflies surrounding her, while Ruby is still infuriated at the one butterfly, causing her to break down crying. Sapphire tries to reach out to Ruby, but is too overwhelmed by the butterflies to do anything.)
Garnet: ♪ Take a moment. Remind yourself to, / Take a moment and find yourself. / Take a moment to ask yourself if, / This is how we fall apart. ♪
(Two butterflies perch in Garnet's hands and she holds them out to Stevonnie, prompting her to ponder whether if the butterflies are the problem for fall apart.)
Garnet: ♪ But it's not. But it's not. But it's not. But it's not. But it's not. / It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. / You've got nothing. Got nothing. Got nothing. Got nothing to fear. / I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. ♪
(Ruby takes a deep breath and calms herself down from assaulting the butterfly she once had an issue with, snapping back into reality to see Sapphire is in turmoil. She then runs over to comfort Sapphire with their company, letting the other know they have one another.)
Stevonnie: ♪ Here comes a thought, / That might alarm me. / What someone said, / And how it harmed me. ♪
(Stevonnie starts singing as they gazes off in the distance, and Garnet spots Steven and Connie entering the scene too. Steven expresses concerns over Connie's remorse until Connie encounters a butterfly, shining like a mirror and showing Connie's reflection.)
Stevonnie: ♪ Something I did, / That failed to be charming. / Things that I said, / Are suddenly swarming. ♪
(Connie kneels down in guilt, in an attempt to ignore the butterfly. However, a swarm of butterflies suddenly bursts out of her backpack.)
Stevonnie: ♪ And oh! I'm losing sight. I'm losing touch. / All these little things seem to matter so much, / That they confuse me. ♪
Garnet & Stevonnie: ♪ That I might lose me. ♪
(The butterflies swarm forms into a single giant butterfly in the sky. It then begins projecting Connie's troubling memory of her assaulting the unknown kid at school. The kid accidentally bumped into Connie, and she instantly grabbed his arm and slammed him down on the ground. Connie, shocked by her actions, quickly ran away in embarrassment from the kid, who was also startled by the attack.)
Garnet & Stevonnie: ♪ Take a moment. Remind yourself to take a moment and find yourself. Take a moment and ask yourself if this is how we fall apart. ♪
(Garnet and Stevonnie sing together as they continue to meditate and resolve their troubled mind.)
Garnet & Stevonnie: ♪ But it's not. But it's not. But it's not. But it's not. But it's not. / It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. / You've got nothing. Got nothing. Got nothing. Got nothing to fear. / I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. ♪
(The butterflies surrounding Stevonnie get blown away, allowing her a clearer mind. Steven and Connie breathe deeply to calm down until a butterfly lands on Connie's hand. It projects her reflection again, causing her to break down in tears, until Steven lets her know that he is here from her.)
Garnet & Stevonnie: ♪ And it was just a thought. Just a thought. Just a thought. Just a thought. Just a thought. / It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. / We can watch. We can watch. We can watch. We can watch them go by. / From here. From here. From here. ♪
(The butterflies fly away peacefully as Steven and Connie watch on. Ruby and Sapphire join them and the four of them lay down on the ground to watch the butterflies flutter away.)
Stevonnie: ♪ Take a moment to think of just, / Flexibility, love, and trust. / Take a moment to think of just, / Flexibility, love, and trust. ♪
(The last of the butterflies flutters away, as the song concludes.)
[Trans Int. Beach House, The Next Day]
(Steven is reading a book by the windows, when Connie runs in enthusiastically through the door.)
Connie: Steven, I'm ready to train! I'm so glad we talked to Garnet. I really figured out what I needed to do! I talked to Jeff. That's his name, by the way.
(Connie holds out her phone, showing Steven a picture of her and the kid, having a broken arm.)
Steven: Whoa. You did it!
Connie: I apologized and he understood! He actually wanted to know if I could show him some moves. *chuckles*
Steven: That's great!
Connie: It's funny. I spent all that time feeling bad instead of doing something. It's like I was trying not to think about it, and that just made it worse. Now that I've got a clear head, we'll do so much better as Stevonnie. Anyway, I'm gonna change.
(Steven waves at Connie as she runs off to change, when he notices a butterfly perched on Rose's sword. He glares at it in concerns and worry.)
[Trans. Int. Ancient Sky Arena]
(Stevonnie fights against multiple Holo-Pearls, impressing Garnet and Pearl with various skillfully maneuvers and techniques.)
Pearl: Great technique, Stevonnie. *ducks under a defeated Holo-Pearl flying by* Whew! Keep it up!
Stevonnie: Thanks, ma'am!
(Stevonnie charges at another Holo-Pearl and thrusts their sword.)
Stevonnie: Hyah! Uh, uh... Oh, oh, uh...
(Suddenly, Stevonnie begins to hallucinate again, seeing Bismuth getting stabbed by their sword and then poofing into a swarm of butterflies. Stevonnie starts backing off in fear)
Stevonnie: Oh no. It's happening again!
Stevonnie (Connie)
Who was that?
Stevonnie (Steven)
Bismuth.
Stevonnie (Connie)
Steven...
Stevonnie (Steven)
Oh, no. It's coming from me now!
Garnet: Stevonnie!
(Garnet calls out to Stevonnie, momentarily snapping them back to reality.)
Garnet: Breathe!
Pearl: What's going on? What's happening to them?
Garnet: They've got this!
Stevonnie: Y-Yeah, I'm... I'm... Ugh.
(Stevonnie continues to hallucinates, this time, Jasper, being corrupted, appears from before.)
Stevonnie: Jasper.
(Jasper approaches Stevonnie, growing in size, and they quickly backs off.)
Stevonnie (Steven)
I-I tried to help you. You wouldn't listen. I...
(Stevonnie's shield disappears in their fright, as Eyeball suddenly appears before, expressing her anger towards them.)
Stevonnie (Steven)
I told you to stop! I-I had no choice! I-I'm sorry. I shouldn't be-
Stevonnie (Connie)
No! It's okay! It's okay to think about it!
(Bismuth, Jasper, and Eyeball surround Stevonnie, fueling Steven's guilt as he begins to crumble under their gazes.)
Stevonnie (Steven)
I thought I could, but it's so much! I can't do it!
(Bismuth, Jasper and Eyeball all burst into three swarms of butterflies, which fly into the air and starting collectively amassing above Stevonnie. Stevonnie breaks down into tears as the butterflies form the head and hair of Rose Quartz, glaring down at them in disappointment. Stevonnie drops their sword in sheer remorse as they continue backing off.)
Stevonnie: No... No... No- Ah!
(Stevonnie backs too much and falls off the edge of the arena.)
Garnet & Pearl: Stevonnie!
(Garnet and Pearl run up to the edge and watch helplessly, as Stevonnie falls towards the earth. Stevonnie gasps and screams in fright, unfusing back into Steven and Connie.)
Connie: We're falling! Steven, let's fuse! We can hover. We'll be okay!
(Connie sees Steven crying in front of her, curled up while covering his face.)
Connie: Steven?
Steven: I didn't want to hurt anyone!
(Connie swims over to Steven and grabs hold onto him.)
Steven: I'm sorry! None of them would let me help them! I had no choice!
Connie: It's okay!
Steven: No, it's not!
Connie: But it's okay to think about it!
Steven: It feels so bad!
Connie: That's okay, too! There was nothing else you could've done!
Steven: I don't want to feel this way.
Connie: You have to. You have to be honest about how bad it feels so you can move on. That's how it was for me.
Steven: *sniffles* ... Okay.
(Connie and Steven fuse again into Stevonnie, returning to their hallucination, with a vortex of butterflies swarming below them.)
Stevonnie: Aaah-eeee! *inhales deeply* Just breathe.
(Stevonnie closes their eyes and falls through the vortex of butterflies. Down on the earth, Stevonnie eventually comes floating down and lands on the ground safe and sound. They laughs in relief and lays back on the ground, gazing up at the sky.)
Stevonnie: *sighs* I'm here.
[END]