[Open Ent. Ice Cavern]
(An overview of an ice mountain is seen, when a section of the mountain collapses. The Crystal Gems are inside an ice cavern battling a corrupted Larimar while icicles fall all around. Larimar is knocked backwards and crashes into a wall.)
Garnet: Alright everyone!
Pearl: One more attack should do it.
(An icicle impales Larimar's arm, causing it to fall off.)
Steven: Yikes! Your arm.
(Garnet punches Larimar, causing her to crumble and poof into a icy cloud. Her gem falls from the cloud and Pearl rushes towards it, catching and then bubbling it away.)
Pearl: Now there's nothing standing between us and the Shooting Star.
(The cavern continues to rumble and crumble.)
Amethyst: This job is really dangerous! Whoaa, Jeeezzz. Whu-Whoa, MAMA! *gets buried under a pile of small ice boulders*
Steven: Amethyst! Uh, don't worry, I'll dig you out!
(Amethyst mumbles to Steven.)
Pearl: We've got to get Steven out of here!
Garnet: *turns to Steven* I'm sending you back to the temple.
Steven: But, Garnet, how are you gonna... (Garnet bubbles Steven up.) You can bubble me?!
Pearl: Garnet, no! (Garnet sends the bubbled Steven back to the temple.) Garnet!
Garnet: Watch your head.
(The ice cavern then caves in, burying the Gems.)
[Trans. Int. Burning Room]
(Steven screams as he is warped through the bubble stream. He then appears in the basement of the temple, surrounded with several bubbled gems.
Steven: Whoa! I'm back inside the temple. *sees Larimar's gem from before* Hehehe, look 'atcha now. Stuck in a bubble. Hmmm. Let me see if I can... Graaa-yeah! *forcefully pulls his bubble open, popping it, and falls* Whoa!
(Steven falls on top of the bubble of another gem, causing it to pop. The gem then begins to reform.)
Steven: Oh, man! What's happening?!
(The regenerating form glows in green, at first seemingly humanoid, before expanding to glowing into a giant familiar monster.)
Steven: Aah! The Centipeetle! *screams and tries to run away*
(Nephrite glances at Steven for a moment, before shrinking down and reforming into a smaller version of itself.)
Steven: Eh... Huh? *sees Nephrite, trembling in fear* It looks... so scared. *crawls towards it* Uhh, hi. Ah, it's okay. Look. *lies belly flat on the floor* Please don't be scared of me. See, I'm not gonna hurt you. Yeah, just relax. (Nephrite begins to calm down.) Yeah, that's it. Doesn't relaxing feel nice? You wanna come over here and relax with me? Yeah, we can totally just hang out and relax, right here on the floor. (Nephrite starts crawling towards Steven.) Yeah, don't be shy. We can be friends. My name's St-
Pearl: *interrupts* STEVEN! Get away from that thing!
Amethyst: Whoa, dude!
Steven: Wait! It's not-
(Garnet leaps over and attempts to punch the frightened Nephrite, which it quickly dodges away. Pearl then jumps to Steven's side.)
Pearl: This was a terrible idea! And he's even managed to pop a bubble, and let out that awful... thing!
(Garnet's gauntlets sparkle, ready to attack the cornered Nephrite again.)
Pearl: If that thing hurt you, so help me I'll !-
Steven: No! It didn't do anything! *runs in between Garnet and Nephrite* Garnet, don't hurt it! *spreads his arms out* I accidentally let it out of its bubble, but it didn't even try to hurt me. It's not like the other monsters, it's just scared and confused. Please Garnet. I'm begging you.
(There is a dramatic pause as Steven, making a desperate face, and Garnet stare at each other.)
Garnet: ... I can't say no to that face.
Pearl: Excuse me?! You can't be serious!
Garnet: I think you should try and tame it, Steven.
Steven: Garnet! *hugs Garnet's leg* Thank you sooo much.
Amethyst: *laughs at Pearl* Shut down by the G-squad! Ahahahaha!
Pearl: Well, let's at least take some precaution.
[Trans. Ext. Beach House]
Garnet: Alright, Steven. Let's see if you can get it to calm down.
(Nephrite is seen chained to a rock on the beach.)
Steven: Um, it still seems a little scared.
(A chain breaks apart from Nephrite. The Gems and Lion all brace themselves for battle.)
Steven: Maybe you guys could put your weapons away and watch from the house?
Pearl: Absolutely not!
Garnet: *dispels her gauntlets* Steven can handle it.
Pearl: Garnet!?
Garnet: Pearl. *walks away*
Amethyst: Oh! Hmm, hmm! You just go... Garneted! Aha!
(The Gems and Lion turn around and walk back to the temple.)
Steven: Okay, friend. It's just us now. (Nephrite breaks free of chains.) Calm, calm, calm. Just like before. Just relax and let your hair down. (Nephrite begins to calm down again.) You wanna come over here? (Nephrite jitters on the spot.) C'mon, it won't be like before. How about we try something else? Hmmmm. Oh, what's this?
(Steven pulls out a bag of Chaaaaps from his jacket.)
Steven: Chiiips! You like chiiiiips? You wanna chiipps? Yeah? Yeah? *takes a chip out of the bag* Awwww, look at this chip! Yum, yum, yum! *eats the chip* Mmm, tasty, tasty. Try it!
(Nephrite starts approaching towards Steven again.)
Steven: That's it! *takes out another chip* Smells good, right? (Nephrite grabs the chip out of Steven's hand and eats it.) I don't know how you eat with an eyeball in your mouth, but I'm glad you like it. *gets up and leads Nephrite with a chip in hand* Mmm, mmm! Aaah!
(A wind blows the chip out of Steven's hand, which Nephrite catches and eats.)
Steven: Hahahahaha, woohoo! *throws handfuls of chips in air and laughs* Hey, come on! (Nephrite gets near Steven and starts eating chips off the air.) You love chips, and I love chips! Hahahaha! Yeah!
(A seagull sees the chips in Steven's hand and bites his hand, causing Steven to drop the bag in pain.)
Steven: Aaah! Shoo, get! Those aren't for you!
(The seagull growls at Steven, when a spray of acid splashes in between Steven and the seagull. Steven turns and sees an agitated Nephrite.)
Steven: W-What are you doing? (Nephrite shoots another spray of acid at the seagull again, scaring it away.) You... saved me.
[Trans. Int. Beach House]
(Steven and Nephrite head back into the house, where the Gems are gathered and discussing at the kitchen counter.)
Pearl: ... But we have to go back for the Shooting Star!
Steven: *enters* Garnet, Pearl, Amethyst!
Pearl: Woah, why isn't that thing on its rock?
Steven: I trained her up! Look! Squawk! (Nephrite shoots acid at a beam of the house.) Squawk! (Nephrite shoots acid towards Garnet, barely missing her.) Squawk!
Pearl: Steven, you can't just... Ooh! (Nephrite shoots acid, causing Pearl to duck, as it hit a picture of Pearl on the fridge, contorting it into a grumpy expression.)
Amethyst: Hahahaha! That was awesome...
Steven: Squawk! (Nephrite shoots acid and it knocks Amethyst's sandwich off her hand.)
Amethyst: Nooooo! Mi tortaaa!!! *grieves over her sandwich*
Pearl: Steven, this is unacceptable!
Steven: Oh, come on Pearl. *feeds and pets Nephrite* She can help us on like missions and stuff.
Pearl: Oh, no! Out of the question!
Steven: Awww.
Pearl: Well we can't return to the Ice Cavern now. We have to deal with Steven and his... situation.
Amethyst: Well I dunno how we're getting through that cavern without causing a cave-in anyway.
Garnet: Hmmm. That's how. *looks at Nephrite, whose saliva is dripping of her mouth and burning another hole into the wooden floor*
[Trans. Int. Ice Cavern]
Pearl: I just don't know if this will work...
Steven: Squawk! (Nephrite creates a hole through the wall with her acid spray.) Alright, Centipeetle! *feeds Nephrite chips as a reward*
Pearl: Shooting Star, here we come...
(The Crystal Gems proceed to venture through the Ice Cavern, as Nephrite helps with her acid spray to overcome any obstacles in their way. The Crystal Gems eventually arrive in a room containing the Shooting Star.)
Crystal Gems: Whoa.
Steven: Cool!
Pearl: There it is! The Shooting Star! *proceeds the pool in the center of the room* An ancient elemental, so hot, and so volatile, it can only be contained in ice. Bare skin cannot endure its intensity!
Steven: What do you do with the Shooting Star?
Amethyst: Uhh, you shoot it.
Pearl: Garnet, you'll have to use your gauntlets as not to hurt your hands.
(Garnet summons her gauntlets and prepares to dip her hands into the pool, when Nephrite suddenly starts spazzing out at the sight of it.)
Steven: No, no, no! Not now! *rushes to Nephrite*
Garnet: Something's wrong.
(Nephrite continues to spazz in fear and starts shooting acid all over the ceiling, causing stalactites to fall from the ceiling.)
Steven: Whoa!
(All of the Gems duck to avoid the falling stalactites, when an eruption occurs from the pool, frightening Nephrite even more.)
Pearl: Steven! *summons her spear* I knew this would happen!
(Pearl charges towards Nephrite and smacks her against a wall. The impact causes a crack to occur in a giant stalactite.*
Steven: Aaah! Pearl, stop! It was an accident! *accidentally pulls Nephrite's hair* Sorry for pulling...
Garnet: Steven! *kicks the agitated Nephrite away*
Steven: Noooo! *begins to tear up*
(Nephrite gets up and charges toward Garnet and Steven. Pearl and Amethyst blocks her path and continues to attack her. The crack in the giant stalactite continues to worsen. Amethyst reels Nephrite in with her whip and accidentally sends herself and the Gems flying into the wall. Nephrite then prepares to retaliate.)
Steven: Stop! *runs in between Nephrite and the Gems* You don't need to fight! This isn't you! *starts crying* You're not a monster anymore! You're more than that. We have so many memories now! Remember the chip times? *walks towards Nephrite, but she backs away* And how you saved me from that vicious seagull? (Nephrite stops backing up.) And how we became best friends? *pulls her in for a hug* You have to remember! This all happened today!
(Acid drips out Nephrite's mouth, damaging Steven's jacket, as she begins to calm down. The crack in the giant stalactite finally gives way, causing it to fall towards Steven. As it nears, Nephrite shoves Steven out of the way.)
Steven: Noooo! (Garnet catches Steven as he flies towards her. The giant stalactite then crushes Nephrite in Steven's place. Steven gasps in horror.) Noooo! (Nephrite groans in pain and poofs into a green cloud. Her gem then rolls over to Steven.) You saved me. *grieves*
Garnet: Steven... You did a good job trying to tame the Centipeetle. Your mother would be so proud.
Steven: She would?
Garnet: The truth is, Rose Quartz had tried to use her powers to save these monsters too, but she was never able to heal them.
Steven: Never? But if she couldn't do it...
Pearl: Who knows? Maybe when you have better control of your powers, you might help them in ways even your mother couldn't.
Garnet: Even this one. *points at Nephrite's gem*
Steven: I'll keep it safe. *holds his hands over Nephrite's gem, and bubbles it*
Amethyst: Whoa!
Pearl: Steven! You can bubble Gems!
Steven: Wow... Wait for me, Centipeetle. I promise I'll heal you up someday. *sends the bubbled gem away to the temple* Ooh! Wait! *reaches for something in his jacket*
[Trans. Int. Burning Room]
(Back in the Burning Room, the bubbled Nephrite's gem reappears, followed by a bag of Chaaaaps in a bubble next to her. Two star irises then zoom in on the two bubbles, ending the episode.)
[END]
Retrieved from "https://steven-universe.fandom.com/wiki/Monster_Buddies/Transcript?oldid=1987404"
Categories::