[Open. Int. Beach House, Steven's Room]
(Steven is in his bedroom inspecting one of his teddy bears.)
Steven: Oh no! MC Bear-Bear, you've got a tear-tear! *reveals a tear underneath the bear's armpit* I should have been more careful. We've lost too many good bears. Don't worry. You're hurt, but I'll look after you. Mwah!
(Steven kisses MC Bear-Bear and gasps, as the tear magically mends itself back together.)
Steven: Guys? Guys?!
(Steven runs down from his bedroom to meet the Gems in the kitchen.)
Amethyst: What's up, little Ste-cup?
Pearl: *holding a plate* We were just about to put away the dishes.
Steven: *snatches the plate off Pearl's hands* Look what I can do!
(Steven smashes the plate on the ground, to Pearl's shock and Amethyst's approval.)
Amethyst: All right! It's a Ste-party!
Pearl: What is the meaning of this?!
Steven: My healing spit is back! I fixed a rip on MC Bear-Bear! Here, I'll show you!
(Steven licks his hand, preparing to "heal" the party, but Pearl quickly halts him.)
Pearl: Fine, fine, I believe you. I don't want you touching a broken plate. I'll find a broom.
Amethyst: I'll find some other stuff to break! *runs off*
Pearl: No, Amethyst! *chases Amethyst*
Steven: Now that my healing spit is back... maybe I can finally-
Garnet: No.
Steven: What? But, I didn't even ask anything yet.
Garnet: With my future vision, I can see you're going to ask if you could use your power to heal one of the monsters in the bubble room.
Steven: Can you see if I can get you to change your mind?
(Steven puts his hands in a begging motion and eventually wins Garnet over.)
[Trans. Int. The Burning Room]
(The Gems accompany Steven into the Burning Room.)
Pearl: Why did you agree to this?
Garnet: I lost a battle of will.
Steven: *points upwards* Here it is!
(Steven jumps up and grabs a bubbled gem.)
Steven: Gotcha!
Pearl: Is that...
Steven: It's Centipeetle. If I can help any of them, I want to help her first.
(Amethyst summons her whip and reels in a bubbled Chaaaaps to her.)
Amethyst: Don't forget these!
Steven: *gasps* Chaaaaps! They're her favorite! Okay. You guys ready?
(Garnet nods while Amethyst and Pearl brace themselves. Steven pops the bubble and the Centipeetle begins to regenerate.)
Amethyst: Come on dude, do your thing!
Pearl: Be careful!
(While Centipeedle is regenerating, Steven licks his hand and slaps it on her gem, causing a bright light to engulf the place. The gem is healed, turning Centipeedle back in Nephrite, with humanoid arms and legs. The Gems gasp in surprise.)
Pearl: Is it working?
(Nephrite turns around, revealing she is still semi-corrupted, and screeches loudly at the Crystal Gems.)
Steven: ... It worked!
(Steven takes the bubbled Chaaaaps from Amethyst and walks up to Nephrite.)
Pearl: Uh, Steven?
(Nephrite falls onto the floor in her confusion.)
Steven: Centi, you're back!
(Nephrite hisses at Steven.)
Steven: Whoa! What's the matter? Don't you want some Chaaaaps?
(Nephrite angrily squawks at Steven.)
Amethyst: *sighs* I don't think she remembers them.
Steven: Forget the Chaaaaps. *pushes the bubbled Chaaaaps bubble back into the air* You remember me, don't you?
(Nephrite tilts her head, staring at Steven in confusion.)
Steven: I have a bad feeling this didn't work how I wanted it to work.
Pearl: Hmm, possibly not. Oh! Don't go closer!
Steven: Maybe she just needs a little extra love!
(Steven walks up to Nephrite and kisses her gem, causing Nephrite to cover her gem, back away, and squawk in pain.)
Steven: Uh, oops. *chuckles*
Garnet: Hmm. This is the best we've ever seen it work.
Pearl: But it didn't work. I guess it'll take more than a kiss to heal damage from the Diamonds.
Steven: But why? My healing powers are back. I-I should be able to do this.
Pearl: It's alright Steven. Remember, she's not cracked, she's corrupted, and that's something different, something nearly... impossible to describe.
Garnet: It's sort of like if MC Bear-Bear didn't tear the fabric of his arm, but the fabric of his mind.
Amethyst: Sounds pretty explained to me!
Steven: Hmm.
Garnet: Steven, I'm impressed with your ability to bring the Centipeetle this far, but it's time to let her rest again. Amethyst...
Amethyst: Uh, sure. *summons her whip* I'll poof her.
(Nephrite is seen looking at her own reflection and squawking at it in one of the Crystal Heart's veins, as Amethyst starts approaching her.)
Steven: But! She's not a monster anymore!
Garnet: Here. *turns Steven around and presses his face in her chest* You don't have to watch.
Steven: *pushes himself away from Garnet* No, please! *runs in front of Nephrite* She can walk, and talk! Just like you guys!
(Nephrite squawks friendly at Steven.)
Steven: See?
(The Gems are slightly convinced.)
Steven: I helped her this much, maybe I can help her more. I have to try, I made a promise!
(The Gems look at each other uneasy.)
Steven: Pleeeeeeease?
(Steven begins begging and pouting with eyes of innocence again. The Gems sigh in annoyance and defeat, having won over in the battle of will again.
Pearl: What are we going to do with her? Let her move in?
Amethyst: Aw yeah! Corrupted roommate!
Pearl: Oh Amethyst, be sensitive.
Steven: *gasps* She can even stay in my room!
Pearl: Uh, we're... really doing this? *glances at Garnet*
Garnet: She can stay un-bubbled. But you have to understand. Some Gems are beyond our help.
[Trans. Int. Beach House]
(Nephrite is seen sitting on the couch, and Steven walks up to her.)
Steven: Okay, Centi. Oh, I guess that's not really your name. What is your name?
(Nephrite speaks in a series of squawks.)
Steven: Gurgle click-click? Oh, right. Can't talk, huh? You really don't remember me? You don't remember saving me from that seagull or our adventures in the ice caves, or when I electrocuted you with- Uh, actually, do forget that one.
(Nephrite tilts her head, confused.)
Steven: You even forgot Chaaaaps. *sighs*
(Steven opens the bag of Chaaaaps on the table. Nephrite begins drooling in reaction.)
Steven: *takes a chip from the bag* I love Chips...
(Nephrite sings "I love Chips" distortedly in squawks.)
Steven: *gasps* Do... do you remember me singing the Chaaaaps jingle?
(Nephrite takes the chip out of Steven's hand and eats it. She then squawks happily in response.)
Steven & Nephrite: You love chips, and I love chips! We love chips from Chaaaaps!
(Nephrite takes the Chaaaaps bag and begins eating out of it.)
Steven: Your memories are still in there! I just have to draw them out! Oh! I know how we can talk, even if your voice is messed up!
(Steven runs off and returns with papers and crayons. Nephrite tilts her head confused.)
Steven: See, this is an Earth crayon! I-I bet you Gems are used to super-advanced space crayons, but we make do. *draws his name on a paper* Look, Ste...ven. That's me! Can you do that?
(Nephrite nods and squawks, as she begins drawing on the paper.)
Steven: Ah, Steven, you're a genius!
(Nephrite squawks and shows Steven her drawing, seemingly to just be a bunch of illiterate scribbles to Steven.)
Steven: Okay, maybe not. (Nephrite is unimpressed.) That's alright. I have another plan! We'll just talk through the language of art!
(Steven draws and shows Nephrite a drawing of himself. Nephrite takes Steven's paper and begins drawing on it.)
Steven: What are you adding?
(Nephrite shows Steven the paper, revealing that she had drawn herself holding Steven's hand.)
Steven: *gaps* You remember we were buds!
(Nephrite squawks happily, which sounds like a "Yeah!".)
Steven: Do you remember anything from before yo- I-I mean, from long ago?
(Nephrite thinks for a bit, squawks and starts drawing. She then shows Steven her drawing.)
Steven: It's you in... some kind of spaceship? Is that how you came to Earth?
(Nephrite adds on to her drawing.)
Steven: What are you drawing now?
(Nephrite shows the paper again, showing a few other Nephrites beside her.)
Steven: Huh. They look kind of like you. Was that... your crew?
(Nephrite squawks in approval.)
Steven: *gasps* You were a captain? That's so cool! I'm sorry, that's so cool, sir! *salutes Nephrite* Oh, yeah, you guys don't salute like that. You go like... Mm.
(Steven tries to do the Diamond salute unsuccessfully.)
Steven: Ow, ow! Oh, this looked so easy when Peridot did it.
(Nephrite does the correct Diamond salute.)
Steven: *gasps* Yeah! Like that!
(Nephrite does the salute repeatedly, squawks in realization, and continues drawing. Steven then tries to interpret her drawings sequentially.)
Steven: It's you... saluting... You're saluting someone... Your commander? She gave you an order... You and your crew... and your ship. Woah, lots of ships. You flew through space. Towards Earth. You landed and started building stuff. But then... the Gem war...! You joined the fight...
(Nephrite starts striking out figures on her drawing in fury, while a horrified Steven watches on.)
Steven: You and your crew kept going.
(Nephrite rips the drawing of her away from her crew.)
Steven: You got separated, but you were still fighting. Then, new orders from your commander... to retreat. Everyone's running, but from what? You don't know. Where's your crew? Where's your ship?! You stopped. You heard something. From the sky, a sound. A song? And then...
(Water droplets suddenly drip onto the paper, after Nephrite colored the whole paper in white crayon.)
Steven: Centi?
(Nephrite starts crying out of sadness and breaks a crayon in her hand in half.)
Steven: That light. Where did it come from?
(Nephrite, sobbing, draws The Great Diamond Authority symbol on the white-out drawing.)
Steven: Damage from the Diamonds.
(Nephrite then starts coughing spits out some acids onto the floor.)
Steven: Are you okay?!
(Nephrite collapses onto the floor, and her left arm begins to mutate back to its corrupted form.)
Steven: You're reverting. Here, I'll heal you again!
(Steven licks his hand and touches Nephrite's gem. Nephrite's arm glitches a bit, but it remains corrupted.)
Steven: Why isn't it working?! How can I help you!?
(Nephrite shows Steven the drawing of the Diamond symbol.)
Steven: I don't understand!
(Nephrite squawks agitatedly at Steven and runs up to the Warp Pad. She starts hitting it in an attempt to activate it.)
Steven: It's not working 'cause your corrupted. Where do you want to go? *scans through Nephrite's drawings* The battlefield? Your ship?
(Nephrite squawks in response.)
Steven: Is there something on the ship that can help you?
(Nephrite screams and slams her fists on the warp pad)
Steven: Just hold on. *gets on the warp pad* I'll get you there.
[Trans. Ancient Gem Colony Ship, Sunset]
(Steven warps him and Nephrite to the abandoned Gem ship. Nephrite squawks and starts running off.)
Steven: Hey! Wait for Steven! *chases after Nephrite*
(Nephrite runs through the jungle, squawking loudly as if calling out to someone. Suddenly, she grabs her head in pain, as she reverts more into her corrupted form. Steven eventually catches up.)
Steven: Oh no. *runs up to Nephrite* Where are you trying to get to?!
(Nephrite runs up to the door of the ship and starts tearing off vines that are blocking it.)
Steven: Oh. You want in the door. Steven Universe at your service-erse.
(Nephrite and Steven tears off the vines together, revealing the hand pad next to the door. Nephrite tries to open the door, but fails as she completely reverts back into her corrupted form. Steven then opens the door for her, and him and Nephrite enter inside.)
Steven: We're in! What now? *looks up to the ceiling* Other Centipeetles?
(Nephrite crawls up the wall to join the other Nephrites, and they start gladly squawking with one another. Amethyst then suddenly appears beside Steven.)
Amethyst: Hey now! This is my style!
(Amethyst shapeshifts into a corrupted Nephrite.)
Amethyst: Can I hang with you, dudes?
Pearl: Amethyst, don't make fun! *walks into the ship with Garnet*
Amethyst: I'm not! Ugh! *shapeshifts back to normal*
Steven: You guys were right after all. I couldn't help Centipeetle.
Garnet: You brought the Centipeetle back to her ship. You brought her back to her crew. They've been waiting here for her. They didn't want to leave her behind.
Steven: Wait... how did you know any of that?
Garnet: *pulls out the stack of Nephrite's drawings* She told us.
Steven: *takes the stack* Her drawings? *looks at the scribbles with perplexity*
Garnet: Her writing.
Pearl: It's actually decently legible!
Steven: Wow!
(Nephrite then crawls up to Steven and nuzzles him happily, and Steven giggles with joy.)
Steven: You look so happy here. Can we let the Centipeetles stay? *makes puppy dog eyes again*
Garnet: You can put those puppy dog eyes away, Steven. This ship, it's their bubble now.
(The Crystal Gems exit the ship and Steven closes the door, leaving the Nephrites, now happy with one another's company, inside.)
Steven: Pearl! Pearl! Pearl! *catches up to the Gems* Will you teach me to write in Gem?
Pearl: Oh, Steven, it's very complicated. And you won't have much use for it.
Steven: Oh, just a few things, like, "Hi, how are you?", "Where's the bathroom?", and...
(Steven looks through Nephrite's drawing and sees her drawing of the Diamonds symbol. He looks at it with sorrow as the star iris closes in on the drawing.)
Steven: "I'm sorry.".
[END]