[Open. Int. Crystal Temple]
(Greg is seen making a bowl of ice-cream for Steven, with chocolate syrup, whipped cream, and a slice of pie.
Greg: Here you go, schtu-ball. Dinner is served. Ice-cream ala pie!
Steven: *laughs* Thanks, Dad.
Greg: Are you feeling any better? Looks like the swelling and glowing have gone down.
(Steven pauses as he is about to grab a spoonful of ice-cream.)
Greg: You know, that pie won't eat itself.
Steven: Sorry, I'm just- thinking about stuff.
Greg: What kind of stuff?
Steven: I've spent so long trying to figure out whether I was Mom. Now that I actually know I'm me, it's like I have no idea who that is. I just wish I knew what to do with myself.
Greg: Well, I can relate to that.
Steven: Really?
Greg: When I was your age, I didn't know who I was, or what I wanted to do.
Steven: You didn't always want to be a rock-star?
Greg: No way. I didn't get my hands on good music until I was your age. Before I had the van I had no idea what was out there. But everything changed when I hit the road. I mean, sure, you've seen other planets but what about West Keystone? Or Charm City? I had some of my most formative moments eating rest-stop sandwiches outside Delmarva house, and watching the trucks go by.
Steven: Huh.
Greg: Maybe you need a change of scenery, schtu-ball. You're never gonna find yourself if you don't start looking.
Steven: Yeah, yeah!
Greg: Let's go, son. Right now!
Steven: Really?
Greg: The road is calling, Steven! Can't you hear it?
(Greg runs out the door, and Steven follows him while carrying his bowl of ice-cream.)
Steven: Yeah, I think I can!
[Int. Greg's Van]
(A montage of Steven and Greg's drive is shown, with them first driving out of Beach City, then stopping at a Pepe's Burger joint and a Uaua gas station. Inside the Uaua, they each try on a pair of wacky sunglasses and laugh at each other. As their drive continues, Steven and Greg both sing along to Dear Old Dad, eventually stopping once they start driving through a neighborhood.)
Greg: About two blocks that way, that's where I played my first gig.
Steven: Really?
Greg: I wasn't even Mr. Universe yet. I was just a kid with a guitar, sneaking out past the warden on a Saturday night.
Steven: Wait, so..how did you become Mr. Universe?
Greg: You know what? I can show you.
(Greg parks the van outside of one of the houses and steps out.)
Greg: Good, no one's home.
Steven: Wait, what? Who's house is that? Dad!
(Greg ignores him and approached the house before jumping over the white picket fence and landing on the other side with a hard thud. Steven quickly gets out of the van and goes over to the fence himself, but instead only peaking his head above it.)
Steven: Dad?
(Greg climbs the large tree that stands in the yard to get high enough to open a window and before falling through it.)
Greg: This used to be a lot easier.
Steven: Dad, you're breaking and entering!
Greg: I just gotta grab one thing.
(Steven climbs through the window as well and lands with a matching thud.)
Steven: Dad, you're rich! You don't have to steal. C'mon, let's get out of here.
Greg: Just a sec.
Steven: What are you even looking for?
Greg: You'll see!
(Steven goes and looks around the house, worry clear on his face.)
Steven: Is there really no one here? This is wrong. I better write a note, they must have a pen and paper somewhere.
(As Steven's going down the stairs, he stops and glances at a picture on the wall before continuing down.)
Steven: But what would I even say? "Sorry for breaking into your lovely home. You seem like such nice people with excellent taste. And who enjoy potpourri." ..It's like a snack for your nose.
(Steven goes and looks around again.)
Steven: "Your fancy foreign spoon collection is impressive. As are your tiny glass goats."
(Steven sighs and grabs a pen from the pen cup.)
Steven: Ah, geez. It's as good a start as any. Any paper in here?
(Steven opens a drawer, looking for some paper, but instead finds a neat pile of letters.
Steven: Huh? Letters from dad? They're all unopened.
(Steven then gasps and runs up the stairs again, stopping at the same picture he did before, but looking at it more closely. The picture is of a man, a woman, and what must be their son. Steven immediately recognizes the boy in the picture.)
Steven: DAD?!
(Greg is sill searching through boxes for something when Steven runs into the room again.)
Steven: Dad! Wha- Th-Th- This is your house?
Greg: Not mine. My parents'.
Steven: *gasps* This was your room! Wha- This place is beautiful! I thought you said you grew up in a prison.
Greg: I did. You have no idea what it was like-- curfew, chaperones, meatloaf.
Steven: You didn't like meatloaf?
Greg: Not every Thursday for twenty years.
Steven: Aw, it couldn't have been that bad.
Greg: Steven, it was horrible! Do you know how old I was the first time I had a taco? *sighs* Too old.
(Steven then looks through a box as well, but with much more enthusiasm then Greg.)
Steven: Ooh, so this is your stuff! Is this your little hand? And your tiny baby boots! Wh- A wrestling trophy? I didn't know you wrestled.
Greg: Not by choice.
Steven: A middle school year book? Ooh! You had braces!
(Steven took a picture of Greg's school picture on his phone.)
Steven: You look just like me! Only more...human.
(Steven looks sad for a moment before perking up again.)
Steven: So many people signed this. Tim wants you to have a great summer, and *gasps* who is Lauren Hecht? She sure wrote a lot.
Greg: We were in mathletes together. It was just one of the million things my parents made me do.
Steven: Where are they, anyways?
Greg: At their time share on Florida Island. They go every single winter every single year. They threw a fit the first time I refused to go with them.
Steven: Your hair, it's so short!
Greg: Oh no, is that my graduation photo? They made me cut it, and it was right before a gig.
Steven: Do you have any photos of you on stage?
Greg: Ha! Are you kidding? Everything music was off-limits. Which is why I had to..hide my stuff.
(Greg opens an air vent and pulls out a small box.)
Greg: Yes! This is it! We can finally get out of here. Now, leave that junk behind.
(Greg climbs through the window again, this time with more difficulty.
Greg: Alright, one leg at a time.
Steven: Can't we use the front door?
Greg: Oh, sorry. It's a habit.
(The two of them exit the house and Steven is about to hop into the passenger seat of the van before Greg stops him.
Greg: Hold on there, Steven.
(Greg looks at Steven, excitedly spinning his car keys around his fingers.)
Greg: This is your journey of self discovery, so you should get behind the wheel.
Steven: But, where are we headed next?
Greg: That's up to you.
(Steven gets into the driver's seat of the van with Greg in the passenger's and drives away from the house.)
Greg: I get it, Steven. When I was little Gregory DeMayo, I was just going through the motions, doing what everybody else wanted. But one day, my friend in social studies snuck me this,
(Greg holds up a Kerry Moonbeam CD.)
Greg: This is the CD with the song that made me who I am! Hold on to your butt, Steven!
(Greg puts the CD in to the van's CD player and the song he was talking about starts playing.)
Kerry Moonbeam: ♪ Looking for your place in the universe, don’t you know the universe is looking too? ♪
(Greg begging looking very happy and inspired, meanwhile Steven looks uncomfortable and untouched.)
Kerry Moonbeam: ♪ Lookin' for it's place in you, and now it's comin' through, ♪
Steven: Hey-
Greg: Hang on, you gotta listen to this part.
Greg and Kerry Moonbeam: ♪ Welcome to the party, Mr. Universe. We're so glad we are a part of you. Meet the rocks and flowers, the seconds and the hours. The splinters, winters, apples, chaples, teardrops, temples, cats, and castles. Anything that you can be, the things you see and cannot see. Are Mr. Universe, Mr. Universe. ♪
Steven: Dad...I-Is this where our name comes from?
Greg: Yes, yes exactly!
Steven: You took it from a song?
Greg: Once I heard this, everything changed. I suddenly realized there was so much out there I hadn't even thought to dream about. The whole world-- the whole universe. I wanted to get out and see all of it. So I got in this van, on this road, and I never looked back! I never could have known a couple years of couch surfing and basement shows would lead me to your mother, and you. Now it's you turn! Where does Mr. Universe make you want to go?
Steven: What? I-I don't know.
Greg: Maybe you need to hear it again.
(Greg plays the song again from the radio.)
Kerry Moonbeam: ♪ Looking for your place in the universe ♪
Steven: Dad! Th-This isn't helping!
(Steven turns off the song, Greg frowns and looks at Steven with confusion. as Steven starts to grow angry.)
Steven: I don't need this song! I need...I need what you had!
Greg: What?
Steven: I wish I could've grown up at a house like that.
Greg: No you don't!
Steven: Maybe your parents weren't so bad. Maybe they gave you curfews and chaperones and meatloaf f-for a reason!
Greg: Steven, you don't know what they were like!
Steven: They can't be worse than mom's family. I went halfway across the galaxy for them, and this was right here?!
Greg: Steven, I couldn't do anything growing up. Everything I liked, or wore, wanted was always wrong! Trust me, you're better off then I was.
Steven: I can't believe I never realized, you're.. you're just like mom!
(Steven then glowed pink and his grip tightened on the steering wheel.)
Greg: You grew up with actual freedom!
Steven: I grew up in a van! I never went to school! I've never been to the doctor until two days ago!
Greg: Steven! You're a gem! You're not like other kids!
Steven: I could have done all that stuff! My problem isn't that I'm a gem, my problem is that I'm a UNIVERSE!
(Steven yanked the steering wheel clean off as he yelled the word "universe", and Greg's eyes widened in panic.
Greg: Watch out!
(Steven slams his foot onto the brake and the van turns to it's side, skidding across the road at the same speed. The screen cuts to black as the sound of wheels squealing and a car crashing can be heard)
(The sound of Greg's voice calling Steven's name progressively gets louder over a loud ringing as Steven slowly blinks his eyes open. Steven is lying in a dirt patch on the side of the road with Greg hovering over him. The van is destroyed behind them.)
Greg: Oh, thank goodness! You really scared me there, kiddo.
Steven: *groans in pain* What did I do?
Greg: Tow truck's on it's way. The van's seen worse.. We'll all get through this. And-- look, I-I-..I'm proud of you.
Steven: ...What?
Greg: Y'know, I never had the guts to tell my old man off like that. I'm glad you can tell me anything. You know you can tell me anything, right? You're having a hard time right now, I-I get it. We'll get the van fixed up, we can head back home. We'll get you some more ice cream, how does that sound?
(Steven is not listening, and instead is looking at the picture of middle-school Greg he had taken earlier. He stares at it for a few seconds as his finger hovered over the delete button. He clicks.)
[END]