[Open Int. Maheswaran Residence, Evening]
(Lion emerges out of a portal in front of Connie's house, ith Steven and  and Connie riding on his back and laughing. Connie then dismounts Lion.)
Connie: Well... time to assume my secret identity. *puts on her glasses*
Steven: Same time next week for sword training?
Connie: Yeah.  It's a shame I can't practice more at home. *pets Lion*
Steven: Hey! Wait a sec. *jumps off of Lion and turns to him* Hup! May I?
(Lion tilts his head down and Steven pulls out Rose's Sword from his forehead. Connie gasps as Steven kneels before her, presenting the sword while imitating a medieval accent.)
Steven: Here-ethhh. You can borrow- ethhhh my mother's sword- ethhhh.
Connie: Steven! That's so nice! If grammatically incorrect, but... *imitates a medieval accent too* Thou can't just givest me thine mother's sword!
Steven: Why not? - ethhh?
Connie: Because it's really important-eth.
(Connie unlocks the door to her house, and she and Steven walk inside.)
Steven: That's exactly why you should have- ethhh it! You can have all week to practice- ethhh withhh it- ethhhhhh.
Connie: *laughs* Thhhhhhhh-ank you!
Steven: *hands Connie the sword* We gotta be ready if we have to fight Malachite or Peridot or those creepy gem fusion experiments *shivers*.
Connie: I'll make sure nothing happens to it. (The garage door is heard opening.) That's the garage door. Mom's home! We have to hide the sword, there's no way Mom would let me have this in the house.
Steven: Lion? Lion!? He walked off!
Connie: What are we gonna do?
(Dr. Maheswaran walks into the living and finds Connie and Steven sitting on the couch. Connie is playing her violin while Steven is sitting anxiously.)
Connie: Hi, Mom. Just finishing my 6 o'clock violin practice.
Dr. Maheswaran: You should've finished that 5 minutes ago. You're late for your 7 o'clock study hour. Hello, Steven.
Steven: *nervously* Hi, Dr. Maheswaran.
Dr. Maheswaran: How are you?
Steven: *nervously* Sitting!
Dr. Maheswaran: *sighs* I had a rough day at work and I'm not in the mood for any more surprises.
Connie: What happened at work?
Dr. Maheswaran: *takes off her coat* There was a really strange case at the Hospital today. *hangs her coat on a "coat rack"* Straight out of a nightmare... Oh, don't worry, the rules of doctor-patient confidentiality keep me from sharing the graphic details but- Hang on a moment. When did we get a coat rack? *takes her coat off the "coat rack"*
Connie: Oh, no...
Dr. Maheswaran: A SWORD!? Connie, where did you get this?!
Steven: I-it's-
Connie: *interrupts* I found it! I just... found it outside and I wanted to show it to Steven.
Dr. Maheswaran: How could you possibly think this is okay?!
Connie: It's-
Dr. Maheswaran: Do you know how many children I see everyday who've cut their faces off playing with swords?!
Connie: I-
Dr. Maheswaran: NONE! Because they all have parents who love them, and who don't let them play around with deadly weapons like some kind of gang member! No playing with swords! Under any circumstances. (Her cell phone suddenly rings and Dr. Maheswaran answers it.) This is Dr. Maheswaran. Yes. Calm down, Stromberg, another one?
Steven: Is she gonna give it back?
Dr. Maheswaran: Alright, I'll be right there. I have to go to the hospital. *keeps the sword in her bag and walks off* I'll have a talk with your father to calculate just how grounded you are. *turns back for a brief moment* And we're using the abacus! *leaves*
Connie: I hate that abacus. Steven, I'm so sorry she took your mother's sword!
Steven: Maybe we can get her to change her mind?
Connie: She never, ever changes her mind. We've got to get that sword back ourselves.
[Trans. Ext. Hospital, Night-time]
(Steven and Connie arrive behind the hospital through Lion's portal, and Steven falls off of Lion when he emerges from it.)
Connie: We can't bring Lion inside, I'd feel really bad if my mom confiscated him too.
Steven: Oh, it's no problem! He can stay out here. Look, I finally found a way to get him to do what I want.
(Steven pulls a few packs of Lion Lickers from his pocket, and Lion immediately chomps on them and shakes them around.)
Steven: He didn't even take the plastic off.
Connie: What an animal. *chuckles with Steven* Okay, serious.
Steven: Yeah, serious.
(Steven and Connie leave Lion behind to paw with his Lion Lickers.)
Connie: This way!
(Steven and Connie open the doors into the hospital, revealing a dimly lit hallway with no one in sight.)
Steven: Ahhh, you mean the super scary way...
Connie: They turn the lights down after dinner.
(An eerie moaning is heard at the end of the hallway.)
Steven: What was that?
(Steven and Connie look at each other in fear and hold each other's hand. The pair then proceeds to walk down the corridor, evading the receptionist. They then walk past another pair of hospital staff, chatting to themselves.)
Hospital Staff Member #1
Dr. West ain't gonna like it.
Hospital Staff Member #2
Well, Dr. West isn't here. *both chuckle*
(As they are walking, Steven and Connie spots Dr. Maheswaran walking hastily behind them. They quickly hide under a trolley and Dr. Maheswaran walk past, not noticing them. Dr. Maheswaran's phone rings again and she answers it.)
Dr. Maheswaran: Yes, yes, I just got here... Mhm. Mhm.
(Dr. Maheswaran turns around a corner, and Steven and Connie follow her to a patient's room. They return outside the room and peek through the window. Inside, a patient, covered under a blanket, is heard moaning and making loud breathing noises.)
Dr. Maheswaran: Where did you say you found them? The side of the road? I'm not sure just yet, I haven't had a look for myself. *lifts the blanket to inspect the patient* Wh— It doesn't look like a car accident. You didn't find an ID? *covers the blanket* Listen, I'll call you back when, or if I have an answer for you. Goodbye. *ends the call and keeps her phone* Okay, now... *checks the patient's pulse with her stethoscope*
Steven: What's she doing?
Connie: She is probably checking their vitals. Haven't you been to a hospital before?
Steven: No.
Connie: Oh! Lucky. *gasps* Steven! Look.
(Connie notices Rose's sword in her mom's bag left in a corner. The patient keeps making rough breathing noises while Dr. Maheswaran tries to listen for a pulse.)
Dr. Maheswaran: Hmm, no heartbeat... Ugh, cheap hospital budgets. *discards the stethoscope and leaves the room*
(Once Dr. Maheswaran is gone, Steven and Connie sneak into the room and try to retrieve Rose's sword. As they advance, they keeps getting spooked by the patient's sudden jerking and noises. They grabs Dr. Mahaswaran's bag with the sword and try to leave the room, when Dr. Mahaswaran returns with another stethoscope.)
Dr. Maheswaran: Connie?! *drops the stethoscope*
Steven: Oh, no!
DR. Maheswaran: How did you even-? *snatches back her bag and the sword* What are you doing with THIS?! I made a rule, no swords under any circumstances.
Connie: But Mom-
Dr. Maheswaran: We will finish this conversation at home.
(A sudden noise is heard outside the room. Dr. Maheswaran, Connie and Steven head out to investigate, and see a dark figure limping in the hallway.)
Dr. Maheswaran: Sir! Ma'am! Dr. West? Ugh, he can't take a day off, can't he?
(Dr. Maheswaran shines a flashlight at the figure, revealing to be a patient.)
Dr. Maheswaran: You! Uh. It's my other patient. What are you doing out of bed? Why aren't you at Doctor Stromberg's?
(Steven quickly realizes the "patient" is actually a cluster Gem mutant.)
Steven: *gasps* That's not a patient...
(The Hallway Mutant begins charging at Steven, Connie and Dr. Maheswaran, and the group quickly retreats back in the patient's room. Dr. Maheswaran shuts the door behind them and the Hallway Mutant starts ramming into it repeatedly.)
Dr. Maheswaran: I don't know what's going on here, but I am going to get to the bottom of it...
(The patient in bed starts jerking even more under the blanket, and Dr. Maheswaran runs towards them, shutting the curtains around them.)
Steven: Connie? I think that's one of the Gem mutants. *points at the door*
Connie: What? Are you sure?
Steven: Preeetty sure at this point.
Connie: Mom! *kicks a chair away and runs up to Dr. Maheswaran* I really really, really need that sword!
Dr. Maheswaran: Connie, no! Now is not the time!
(The Hallway Mutant continues ramming the door.)
Connie: Now is the perfect time, Mom! *jumps at Dr. Maheswaran, attempting to grab the sword*
Dr. Maheswaran: Connie! What has gotten into you? *holds her bag out of Connie's reach* You- No, I never go back on a rule, young lady!
Connie: There has to be some exceptions! I'm not some... rule-driven robot!
(The patient then bursts out of the curtains, revealing to be a cluster Gem mutant too, and grabs Connie.)
Dr. Maheswaran: Connie!
Connie: MOM!
Steven: I'll save you! *summons his shield and rams into the Bed Mutant, freeing Connie* Keep your hands off my Connie! *pushes the Bed Mutant against a wall with his shield*
Dr. Maheswaran: *steps back in panic* These patients are beyond reason.
Connie: Mom, if you would just go back on your rule this one time...
(The Hallway Mutant then hits the windows of the room, causing the blinds to collapse and frightening Connie and Dr. Maheswaran.)
Connie: I just need to help Steven to get us out of here! *reaches out for the sword again*
Dr. Maheswaran: Mother knows best!
(Dr. Maheswaran charges with an hospital bed out of the room, pushing the Hallway Mutant back. She then pushes the hospital bed down the corridor, luring the Hallway Mutant into chasing it. She then tries to run away with Connie, but Connie stays behind because Steven is still struggling against the Bed Mutant.)
Connie: Steven, come on!
(Steven exits the room and follows after Connie and Dr. Maheswaran, as the Bed Mutant struggle to get through the door. It eventually manages to and begins chasing the group down the hallway. The Hallway Mutant then walks in on the other side of the hallway.)
Steven: Oh no!
Dr. Maheswaran: We're trapped!
Connie: We don't have to be!
(The two Mutants slowly approach the group, cornering them, and Steven summons his bubble shield, encasing himself, Connie and Dr. Maheswaran. The two Mutants then begin ramming against Steven's bubble.)
Connie: Really Mom! I know how to do this!
Dr. Maheswaran: No, you don't!
Steven: Ahh... Yes she does! She's been training! She hasn't been playing around with that sword! She's been taking classes learning how to use it right! Even though she's always studying, or practicing tennis, or doing her homework, she still works really hard to be a good sword fighter.
Dr. Maheswaran: No. No no no no no no. I know my daughter! I know what she's doing every second of the day. All her activities, all her internets, I know she's definitely not some sword fighting hooligan!
Connie: You don't know me at all! You still haven't even noticed my glasses!
Dr. Maheswaran: *worriedly* What's wrong with your glasses?
Connie: *takes off her glasses* They don't have lenses anymore! *sticks her hand through the frame* I haven't needed actual glasses for almost a year!
Dr. Maheswaran: What?! Your eyesight just, magically got better?!
Connie: YES! (Steven shrugs.) I've been dealing with magic and monsters and things like these, since I met Steven! That's why I need you to believe I know what to do here!
Dr. Maheswaran: But- You...
Connie: Ugh! There's no time for this! *pulls the sword from its scabbard and braces herself*
Steven: Ready?
Connie: Drop the bubble.
(Steven pops the bubble, pushing back the Mutants. The Bed Mutant jumps towards Dr. Maheswaran, but Connie leaps in and slices it into half, poofing it. Meanwhile, Steven is fighting the Hallway Mutant with his shield and manages to push it back. Connie then jumps off Steven's shield and slices the Mutant horizontally, poofing it as well. Shortly, Steven bubbles both of the cluster gems and sends them to the temple. He walks up to Connie and the pair smile at each other, before Connie turns to look at Dr. Maheswaran, still in shock of what happened.)
[Trans. Ext. Hospital]
(Steven, Connie and Dr. Maheswaran leaves the hospital to the car park, while Dr. Maheswaran is contemplating the situation.)
Dr. Maheswaran: So that's why it had no pulse... Gem experiments... This is what you've been doing? Training to fight these... things? *almost walks into Lion* Gaah!
Steven: Sorry, Dr. Maheswaran, that's my lion.
(Connie gives the sword back to Steven and walks to Dr. Maheswaran, shivering at the sight of Lion.)
Connie: Mom... I'm really sorry about lying to you. It started off as a tiny secret, and then I felt like if I didn't hide it, you wouldn't let me see Steven ever again...
Dr. Maheswaran: Is that how you feel? Are we too controlling?
Connie: ... Maybe.
Dr. Maheswaran: I just wanted to be a good mother. I- I just wanted to protect you.
Connie: I can protect myself now!
Dr. Maheswaran: *sighs deeply* Okay. We'll pull back on the rules, and I'll try to keep an open mind about this. *points to Connie* And that. *points to Lion* And... him. (Steven looks away awkwardly.) It scares me that you can't talk to me! I need to know what's happening in your life. I need to step in when you're in over your head. Will you just promise me you'll stop all this lying?
Connie: That's a rule.
(Connie and Dr. Maheswaran hug each other.)
Dr. Maheswaran: I love you, honey.
Connie: I love you too, mom.
(As Steven watches on, he looks down at his mother's symbol on the scabbard and hugs the sword tightly. The star iris then closes on Connie and Dr. Maheswaran, ending the episode.)
[END]