[Open Int. Beach House]
(Steven and the Gems are discussing the previous events in "Mirror Gem".)
Steven: ... I'm grounded?
Pearl: *folds her arms* Yes, you're grounded!
Garnet: You disobeyed an order.
Amethyst: And now we're gonna bury you 'til you've learned your lesson. *holds up a shovel*
Steven: *panics* Aah! That's not how grounding works!
(The door of the house suddenly opens. The Crystal Gems turn to look and see Greg standing at the doorway, panting heavily.)
Steven: Dad?
Greg: *breathes heavily* Uh, you guys better come check this out.
[Trans. Ext. Beach House]
Mayor Dewey: W-w-wha?
(The citizens of Beach City are gathered behind Mayor Dewey and murmuring worriedly.)
Beach City Citizens: *murmurs* Wait. What the... Where did it go? Whoa!
(Ronaldo takes a picture with his phone as the camera zooms out, revealing that the entire ocean is gone, leaving various boats and ships stranding on the now-deserted ocean floor.)
Steven: The ocean!
Mayor Dewey: *yells into a megaphone* Hey, it's those magical ladies! *yells at Garnet* What's going on here?!
Garnet: The ocean is gone, obviously.
Mayor Dewey: That's right. Now it's just a desert. No one wants to take a vacation to... Desert City! Aww, we're gonna lose all our summer business!
Lars: And all the beach babes! Awwww!
Mr. Fryman: Who's gonna buy my fries?
Mr. Pizza: And my pizza!
Mr. Smiley: Who's gonna have fun at Funland?
Mayor Dewey: As mayor, I DEMAND you explain this immediate-!
(Garnet slaps the megaphone out of the Mayor's hand.)
Garnet: It was Lapis Lazuli.
Steven: Lapis Lazuli?
Pearl: She's the Gem you released from the mirror. *projects a hologram of Lapis with her gem*
Beach City Citizens: *murmurs* That's incredible. How did you do that?
Steven: But she's a Gem, just like us.
Pearl: There's a lot you don't know about Gems, Steven.
[Trans. Int. Beach House]
(Steven is packing his Cheeseburger Backpack as the Gems are discussing in the kitchen.)
Pearl: How could I have known the Gem contained in that mirror would be so powerful?
(Steven finishes his packing and walks towards the door, passing by Greg and Connie in the house.)
Connie: Where are you going, Steven?
Steven: I'm leaving to fix what I did to our home. I was the one who set Lapis free from the mirror. Now it's my fault the ocean's gone. I'm gonna bring the ocean back or get really thirsty trying.
Greg: Wait up, kiddo. *places his hand on Steven's shoulder* I'm coming with you.
Connie: I want to help, too. *places her hand on Steven's other shoulder* Also, I feel weird being in your house if you're not here.
(Lion then appears from behind, placing his paw on Steven's head, and growls in agreement, which surprises Greg.)
Pearl: *clears throat* Clearly, we're coming too.
Garnet: You're un-grounded, by the way.
Amethyst: *jumps on the kitchen counter* WHOO-HOO!! Road trip!
[Trans. Ext. Beach House]
(The group then heads off into the deserted ocean, with the Gems riding in Greg's Van, and Steven and Connie riding on Lion's back, while an unshaven and distressed Mayor Dewey cries and sprays water on the sand with a hose.)
[Trans. Int. Greg's Van]
Greg: How about some tunes? This was one of Rose's favorites.
(Greg inserts a CD into the music player and loud rock music begins to play. Amethyst chuckles while Pearl chuckles uncomfortably.)
Greg: So what do you think, Garnet?
(Garnet glares uncomfortably, before kicking the van door open and jumping out of the van, rolling on the ground.)
[Time Skip—Night Time]
(The group is still travelling through the deserted ocean, passing even through the abyssal zone of the ocean. Garnet is now lying on the top of the van while Pearl takes the driver seat, with Greg and Amethyst sleeping and snoring in the back of the van. Steven is still awake, riding on Lion, and Connie is fast asleep on Steven's back, with her arms wrapped around him.)
Steven: I can't believe Lapis would do this. Gems shouldn't fight each other.
Pearl: We're always fighting Gems, actually.
Steven: *gasps* What?!
Pearl: Oh, how do I put this? All Gems aren't necessarily... good.
Amethyst: *suddenly leans forward* All those monster we fight used to be just like us! *to Pearl* Right, Pearl?
Pearl: Yes. But they've become corrupted and broken. *flashbacks to various Gem Monster encounters in the past* We have to take care of them, subdue them, contain them. It's the best we can do for them, for now. If we don't, then...
Steven & Connie: *gasps*
[Trans. Ext. Lapis' Tower]
(The group eventually arrive at a giant glowing blue structure standing before them.)
Connie: That's some... magical destiny stuff right there.
Greg: Guys... I just had the best idea for an album cover.
(The group approaches the structure, revealing to be a massive tower made entirely out of the ocean.)
Garnet: This is it. Lapis Lazuli is here.
Pearl: I don't understand. What does she want with the ocean?
Connie: Whoa. Look at all this. *sees various fishes inside the water tower* It's- it's just like a giant aquarium.
Lapis: You shouldn't be here!
Garnet: She sensed us.
Steven: LAPIS LAZULI! IT'S ME, STEVEN!!
(The water sloshes from the tower, as Lapis Lazuli's face is formed on its wall.)
Lapis: Go away! Before I make you.
Steven: But we're beach-summer-fun buddies!
Lapis: *forms Steven's face from the water and screams in Steven's voice* NOOOOO!!!
Steven & Connie: *gasps*
Lapis: *forms her own face again* You're one of them. One of the Crystal Gems.
(Amethyst and Pearl growl angrily.)
Garnet: *puts a hand on Amethyst and Pearl's shoulders* Easy.
Steven: What do you mean? We're all Gems, right? Just let us help you.
Lapis: You don't understand. Just leave me alone... *face disappears into the water tower*
Steven: We're not leaving, Lapis. Not until you give us back our ocean! -- Aah!
(Steven starts patting on the wall of the water tower, when an arm extends from it and grabs Steven by his shirt.)
Lapis: I SAID... LEAVE ME ALONE!
(A Water Clone of Steven then emerges from the water tower and knocks him away with a water-arm attack.)
Steven: Ah!
(Garnet catches Steven as he is flung towards her. Water clones of the Gems then emerge from the water towel too.)
Pearl: Greg, kids, you stay behind us. We'll handle this.
Greg: Sounds good to me!
(Greg hides behind a rock, and Steven, Connie and Lion retreat behind the Gems. The Gems and their water clones proceed to summon their weapons and prepare for battle.)
Amethyst: Ruh-oh.
Garnet: Stand together. Don't let them separate us. *gets punched by Water Garnet*
Steven: Garnet!
(Garnet is sent flying backwards into the ground. She quickly gets up as Water Garnet proceeds, cracking her neck twice, and engages in a fist fight with Water Garnet. Their attacks parry one another, till Garnet finds an opening and punches Water Garnet in the head, splattering it. The head quickly reforms though, and Water Garnet punches Garnet into a rock.)
(As Garnet leaps away from the rock, Amethyst uses her whip to grab the rock and sling them at Water Amethyst, who effortlessly dodges it. She keeps slinging nearby rocks at the water clone, who continuously dodges them by bending out of shape.)
Amethyst: Aw, come on! Aah! (Water Amethyst them grabs Amethyst with her whip and flails her away.) *screams and groans* Well, as long as we're playing fair... *shapeshifts into Purple Puma and charges at Water Amethyst*
(Meanwhile, Pearl spars off with her water clone. She then manages to slice Water Peal in half. The two halves however quickly reforms into two Water Pearls.)
Pearl: *sighs* I hate fighting me. *summons another spear*
(Lion engages against Water Steven, emitting several magical roars at it, but it effortlessly slitter out of the way every time.)
Connie: Come on, Lion!
Steven: You can take me!
(Lion is then knocked back by Water Steven, slamming into Greg's van.)
Greg: Oh no, not the van!
Steven: Revenge!
Connie: Revenge!
(Steven and Connie yells and charges towards Water Steven. Steven shoots a water gun  while Connie hurls a small rock at the clone. Water Steven then extends its water arms and entraps Steven and Connie's heads in water bubbles, in an attempt to drown them.)
Greg: Kids!
(A struggling Steven can see Connie quickly losing her breath, when Greg rams Water Steven over with his van. Steven and Connie are freed as they cough and gasp for air.)
Steven: Connie!
Greg: Is this a NORMAL magical mission for you? 'Cause I'm not so sure how comfortable I am with you going on these any- mooooooorrre...!
(Greg's van is then blasted upwards and away by Water Steven underneath, along with Greg inside the van.)
Steven: Dad!
(The van crashes a distance, and Greg crawls out of it, coughing and groaning.)
Steven: Dad! Dad! Are you okay?
Greg: *groans* Ugh, I think my leg's broken. See, this is why we wear seatbelts, kids.
Steven: *glares at Water Steven* Lapis, I don't want to fight anymore.
(Water Steven creates and hurls a water ball at Steven.)
Steven: I said, I DON'T WANNA FIGHT!!!
(Steven then successfully summons his shield and blocks the attack. The impact causes a massive sound wave, resulting all the water clones to dispel in the reverberation.)
Amethyst: Huh? Mm.
Pearl: *gasps*
(Steven dispels his shield and walks towards the water tower.)
Connie: Steven?
Steven: Lapis, I'm coming up to see you. ...So please don't drown me.
Connie: Wait, Steven!
(Steven holds his breath and jumps into the water towel. Lapis then makes a water hand inside and lifts Steven to the top of the tower.)
[Trans. Atop Lapis' Tower]
(Steven ascends the water tower to the outer atmosphere of Earth. When he arrives at the top, Lapis keeps him encased in a water bubble, leaving only his head free.)
Steven: Lapis?
Lapis: What are you doing here, Steven?
Steven: What? I- No! What are you doing here? This thing, the ocean, this is CRAZY!! Can't we work this out? We Gems should be friends. Whoa!
Lapis: *pulls Steven forward* Don't you know anything, Steven? Your friends, they don't really care about other Gems. All they care about is the Earth. But I never believed in this place... *gazes up into space and frees Steven from the water bubble*
Steven: Wha... ? *approaches Lapis and sits down next to her*
Lapis: I just... want to go home...
Steven: I know how important home can be. But that's why I'm here. You took the ocean away, and the ocean is an important part of my home.
Lapis: I'm only using the ocean because my gem is cracked. If I just stretch it far enough... *sighs* This is never going to work.
Steven: *sees Lapis's cracked gem on her back and gasps* I can fix your gem. I have healing powers.
Lapis: Wait, you have healing powers?
Steven: I know, right?
Lapis: Oh, what should I... *looks around*
Steven: Oh, uh, sorry. This might be a little weird.
Lapis: What?
(Steven licks his hand, covering it in saliva, and pats it on Lapis' gem, causing her to shudder. A brief moment passes, and Lapis' gem begins to glow. A pair of water-wings sprout from her back and her eyes return back to normal.)
Lapis: Thank you, Steven!
Steven: No prob, Bob.
Lapis: ... It's Lapis.
Steven: *awkwardly* Yeah.
Lapis: Okay. Bye. *flies off into space*
(Steven watches Lapis flying off, when the water tower starts to rumble. Being freed of Lapis' control, the water tower starts to crumble and collapse.)
[Trans. Ext. Lapis' Tower]
(The Gems, Greg, Connie and Lion watch as the water tower collapse around them.)
Garnet: The whole tower's coming down!
Greg: What about Steven?!
(Lion and Connie look and nod at each other.)
[Trans. Int. Lapis' Tower]
(Steven begins to fall alongside with the crumbling water tower.)
Steven: Aaaaahh! Whoooaaa-aaaah!!!
(Connie and Lion then emerge from a portal beside Steven.)
Connie: Grab my hand! *stretches out her hand*
(Steven tries to reach for Connie's hand. After much effort, their hands finally meet.)
Connie: Gotcha!
[Trans. Ext. Lapis' Tower]
(Steven, Connie, and Lion emerges back on safe ground through another portal.)
Greg: Steven!
(The water tower collapses all around on the group, seemingly burying them.)
[Trans. Beach]
Mayor Dewey: *still crying and spraying water onto the sand* ... Huh?
(The ocean begins to flow back to Beach City, restoring to its former self.)
Lars: Yes! Babe city, here we com- Whoa!
(Sadie pushes Lars into the water in annoyance. Greg's damaged van then emerges from the sea, encased in Steven's bubble shield. Steven then dispels it once they reach dry land.)
Amethyst: That's how you do it!
(The group begins laughing in rejoice, when Greg's van falls apart even more.)
Pearl: *looks at a distressed Greg and chuckles* Well, what's that thing you always say about the pork chops and the hot dogs?
Connie: Look!
(The citizens of Beach City all run towards the group cheering and laughing. Mayor Dewey tackles Steven and embraces him, as the citizens cheers him on. Connie laughs in joy and Amethyst hugs Lion. Greg is crying in front of his broken van and Yellowtail hands him a handkerchief to comfort him.)
Garnet: *to Pearl* So, Lapis made it off planet.
Pearl: What does this mean for us?
Garnet: We wait and see.
(The citizens continue cheering, carrying Steven and Connie above them.)
Steven: *looks up to the sky* See you, Lapis.
(The star iris begin zooming in on a single distant star.)
Steven: Wherever you are...
[END]