[Open Int. Beach House]
(Steven is lying on the couch in the living room, reading a series of novels titled "The No Home Boys".)
Steven: Woah, how are they gonna get out of this one? *turns to the next page* Oh, that's how.
(Steven then hears the Gems returning on the Crystal Temple Warp Pad and runs over to greet them.)
Steven: You're back! *notices several Flask Robonoids the Gems are carrying* Hey, it's those things from the Galaxy Warp. Why'd you bring them home?
Pearl: We can't have them reactivating and fixing the Homeworld Warp.
Amethyst: Hey Steven, check this out! Kabloosh!
(Amethyst crushes the Flask Robonoid in her hands, spilling green goo all around her and startling Pearl, causing her to drop her Flask Robonoids in hand.)
Pearl: *covered in goo* Amethyst, please! This is serious! We need to understand these things, not squash them. If Homeworld Gems are trying to return to Earth... *panics* THEY HAVE TO BE STOPPED!
Garnet: Pearl, calm down. We're still cut off. The Earth is safe.
Steven: Safe from what? What do the Homeworld Gems want to do?
Pearl: *exchanges looks with Garnet* Steven, a very long time ago, Gems tried to do something... very bad. *looks at Amethyst, who quickly turns away* It was something that would have damaged the Earth. Some Gems, like your mother, Garnet, and myself, felt that this was unfair to the life that already existed here, and so we swore to never let the Earth be used for their... purposes. Even if it meant-
(Amethyst approaches another Flask Robonoid and crushes it underneath her foot in upset.)
Pearl: *groans* -Even if it meant we could never go home.
Garnet: We chose Earth.
Steven: Wait a sec, so that means... we're just like the No Home Boys!
Pearl: The wha-?
Steven: The No Home Boys! It's a book series about these boys who have no home. So they travel around the country, living in boxcars, and riding river rafts, solving mysteries! They had a successful run, until the disastrous graphic novel adaptation. But my favorite story is this classic one where the no home boys are chased across the countryside by a mysterious pursuer, which turns out to be the very fear resting within themselves.
Pearl: Steven, we are not like the No Home Boys. We are literally standing in your home right now. *walks off with Garnet*
Steven: Aw, I wish, I was a No Home Boy. No past, no future, just the open road!
Amethyst: Yeah, sounds like fun. Let's do it.
Steven: Really?!
Amethyst: Yeah. Let's run!
(Steven and Amethyst pack some food in their own bindles on sticks and they begin to sing "On the Run". They leave the house and walk through Beach City, when Jenny, Buck Dewey and Sour Cream offer to give them a ride in Jenny's Car. They drive Steven and Amethyst to the edge of Beach City, and the pair run off into the countryside. They encounter a Raccoon and it joins them on their travel, but then attacks Steven while Amethyst looks on in laughter. They eventually come across a railroad as a train is passing by, and decide to hop aboard a boxcar. Steven and Amethyst continue singing their duet until the sunset, as they watch it from atop the boxcar.)
[Time skip - Evening]
(Steven opens his bindle, preparing to eat his food, when the raccoon from before suddenly jumps in and attacks Steven again, while Amethyst watches.)
Steven: Aah! Aah! The raccoon is back! (The raccoon eats all of Steven's food and runs away.) Um, Amethyst? Can I have some of your food?
Amethyst: *devours all of her food in one go* Oh, uh, sorry dude.
Steven: My bindle couldn't fit enough food for me and a raccoon.
Amethyst: Why didn't you bring your backpack?
Steven: It wouldn't fit in my bindle? *climbs onto a hay stack* Maybe I can just sleep this hunger off... Just like the No home Boys. You know, I feel like I've been misled about hay. It always looks so soft in those illustrations, but it's actually really scratchy. (The boxcar rumbles a bit, and another hay stack falls on top of him.) Amethyst, I want to go home now. *sees Amethyst sitting at the boxcar doorway, ignoring him* Amethyst? *goes and sits next to her* I'm done pretending to be a No Home Boy.
Amethyst: Not me.
Steven: I'm sure Garnet and Pearl are worried sick about us. Wondering when we're coming home.
Amethyst: That's not my home.
Steven: But— Oh, that's right. You're from Homeworld.
Amethyst: *angrily* That's not my home either!
Steven: Then where are you from?
Amethyst: I'll show you.
[Trans. Ext. Prime Kindergarten]
(Amethyst brings Steven to a foggy, desolate canyon.)
Amethyst: Here we are! *chuckles* Welcome to the Kindergarten! What do you think?
Steven: Uh... It's great!
Amethyst: Sure is! *grabs Steven's arm* Come on!
(Amethyst drags Steven along and they start walking through the Kindergarten. Steven looks up and see several machinery hanging on the walls of the canyon.)
Steven: What is this place?
Amethyst: It's kinda where I'm from.
Steven: But I thought Gems were from space?
Amethyst: Pearl and Garnet are, but I was made here on Earth, like you! *gasps* Check it out! *runs to a giant rock and laughs* Oh, man. I missed this guy. Aww! It's my climbing rock.
Steven: *to the climbing rock* Uh, hello!
Amethyst: *points to off-screen rocks* And over there, that's the sitting rock. And that was the one rock that I kicked into two rocks! *climbs the climbing rock and sits atop it*
Steven: Uh, how long did you live here?
Amethyst: For a while, I guess, um, at least until I met your mom and the others. *flops off of rock and and runs further into the Kindergarten*
Steven: *notices one of the machinery on the ground* Woah! What is that thing?
Amethyst: Eh, it's just some old Gem junk, from a long time ago. It's probably busted by now.
(Amethyst runs off as Steven examines the strange machinery in worry, resting his palm on one of its legs and noticing some drills on the machinery.)
Amethyst: Hey, Steven! Look! *motions to a hole in the canyon wall* Here's the hole I came out of!
Steven: Hang on. *runs towards the hole* What?
Amethyst: It's my hole. *steps into the hole* Look! It's me-siiiiiized. *slides into the back of the hole and sits down* Still got that good hole smell.
Steven: You came out of this hole?
Amethyst: This is where I was made, dude. One day just, "pop" ...Right outta this hole.
Steven: *glances up and notices numerous holes on the canyon wall* So... what about the other holes?
(Light suddenly emit from behind Steven as the warping sounds whirs. Pearl then arrives on a warp pad on a platform in the Kindergarten.)
Pearl: There you are. *looks around in disgust and leaps off the platform*
Amethyst: Great. *exits the hole* Here comes the fun police.
Pearl: Garnet said you'd be here, but I didn't want to believe it. Amethyst, what were you thinking bringing Steven to a... Kindergarten!?
Amethyst: I don't know. *kicks a nearby pebble* We were in the neighborhood.
Steven: Pearl? Was Amethyst really made here?
Pearl: How much did you tell him?
Amethyst: What? You mean about the bad thing? How this bad place is where bad Gems came to grow more bad Gems? Is that what you're talking about?
Steven: They grew other Gems here?!
Pearl: Amethyst! He's not ready!
Amethyst: Oh, but don't worry, Steven. Everything's just fine now-
Pearl: Amethyst!
Amethyst: It all worked out. We won!-
Pearl: Stop.
Amethyst: And we shut this place down-
Pearl: Stop!
Amethyst: So the Earth would be safe from parasites like ME!
Pearl: *steps in between Steven and Amethyst* AMETHYST! That's enough! (Amethyst walks away in anger.)
Steven: Pearl?
Pearl: Steven, I'm sorry. I never wanted you to see this horrible place.
Amethyst: Then why don't you just... LEAVE!!!
(Amethyst summons her whip, wraps Pearl with it, and hurls her against one of the Gem machinery.)
Amethyst: Admit it! I'm just an embarrassment to you!
(Amethyst swings her whip at Pearl again, who quickly dodges away, slice through a leg of the machinery.)
Steven: Amethyst! Wait!
(Steven tries to stop Amethyst, but she lifts him up and tosses him away, sending him tumbling a distance away.)
Pearl: *summons her spear* I don't want to fight you.
Amethyst: I wouldn't want to fight me neither!
(Amethyst spin-dashes towards Pearl. Pearl quickly rolls out of the way and starts firing energy blasts with her spear at Amethyst. Amethyst avoids the energy blasts while spin-dashing, jumps into the air and swings her whip downwards. Pearl sidesteps, stomps on the tip of the whip and slices it off with her spear.)
Steven: *running towards Amethyst and Pearl* You guys, stop it!
Amethyst: Stay out of this!
(Amethyst throws her whip like a bolas at Steven, which wraps around his legs and causes him to fall. Pearl jumps towards her and she, summoning another whip, tries to hit her. Pearl dodges each swing of Amethyst's whip and kicks her away.)
Pearl: *twirls her spear* Amethyst, stop this! You can't beat me.
Amethyst: I... DON'T... CARE! *summons two more whips and wraps them around Pearl's spear* I'm NOT gonna let you stand there and remind me of everything I HATE ABOUT MYSELF!!!!
(Amethyst lashes her whips and send violet energy waves down the whips towards Pearl, causing a huge explosion and sending Pearl flying and slamming against the Gem machinery.)
Amethyst: I never asked for it to be this way.. *starts weeping* I never asked to be made..!
Pearl: Amethyst...
Steven: *steps in between Pearl and Amethyst, tears in his eyes, and spreads his arms out* Amethyst, please, no more! I know you're upset, but, I can't bear to watch you two hurt each other.
(The "leg" of the Gem machinery, previously sliced by Amethyst's whip, gives way and begins to fall towards the group. Steven summons his bubble shield, which Amethyst quickly sidesteps away from, and encases only Pearl and himself.)
Steven: Amethyst! Amethyst, Amethyst, AMETHYST!
(Amethyst begins running away and the Gem machinery collapses on top the bubble. The screen is darkened for a moment, which quickly subsides as dust clouds disperse away. Steven quickly dispels his bubble shield and looks around for Amethyst, who seems to have disappeared in the chaos.)
Steven: Ame-thy-st! Where are you?! *looks back at the rubble and pushes it aside to uncover Amethyst's hole* Amethyst!
Amethyst: *cowering and weeping inside her hole* Go away. I'm bad, and you shouldn't be around me.
Steven: What? That's ridiculous. Look, I don't know what any of this really means, but I-
Amethyst: Yeah, you don't. 'Cause if you did, you wouldn't be talking to me.
Steven: *peeps out of the hole* Pearl, get in here. You got to help me.
Pearl: But-
Steven: You have to talk to her.
Pearl: *slides into the hole and kneels next to Amethyst* Amethyst?... Amethyst, I had no idea you've been upset about this.
Amethyst: What?! You had no idea!? Ho! This is, like, my entire existence! You want to pretend that none of this ever happened! You think I'm just a big mistake! *grabs her head in grief*
Pearl: *gasps* No, no. Amethyst, you're not the mistake. You're just the byproduct of a... big mistake. *blushes embarrassingly in realization* ... No, that's not- I... I just never thought of this as you. None of this is your fault. You didn't build this place. I... I'm sorry, Amethyst. *tears up* I hope you can forgive me. You're the one good thing that came out of this mess. I always thought you were proud of that. *extends a hand towards Amethyst*
(Steven quickly steps away to clear the path for Pearl and Amethyst to exit the hole. Amethyst looks at Pearl hesitantly for a few seconds, before enveloping her in a crushing hug. Pearl is taken aback briefly, but returns the hug back to Amethyst. The group then step onto the warp pad, hand in hand, ready to return home.)
Steven: Crystal Gems forever! Now let's go home, so Steven can sleep in a bed.
(The three warp out of Prime Kindergarten, as the fog in the canyon begins to clear up, revealing even more of the Gem machinery and holes deep in the canyon, while ominous metal clanging noises are heard in the background.)
[END]