[Open Int. Beach House, Evening]
(Onion and Steven are seen jumping on the couch in the living room. Steven stops jumping, lying on the couch in exhaustion, and begins to narrate Onion's activity.)
Steven: Woo! Onion sure was having a phenomenal time, jumping with Steven on his couch. But after.. two hours of jumping, he decided it was time to... perhaps stop and do something else?
(Onion stops jumping and looks down at him. He then heads over to the kitchen and Steven follows.)
Steven: Ah, so Onion decided he wanted a snack. And he knew he could help himself to anything in Steven's kitchen.
(Onion opens a lower cabinet and takes out a bag of Chaaaaps Maximum BBQ.)
Steven: *sighs* Including Steven's favorite limited edition chips...
(The pair sits on the couch by the windows. Onion opens the bag of chips and takes out a single chip to smell it.)
Steven: Onion smelled the chip, savoring its delicious aroma.
(Onion puts the chip back into the bag and gazes out the window.)
Steven: But no snack could satisfy his hunger... For power!
(A boat horn is then heard, and Onion throws the bag of chips aside.)
Steven: Oh looks like your dad's home, huh? I guess this round of Onion Tales has come to an end.
(Onion opens the front door and leaves the house.)
Steven: See ya! *looks out the window at Onion running off* Epilogue: Things get a little lonely for Onion, not knowing any other kids his age. But luckily he had his friend Steven, who would kindly donate some time to a youth in need.
[Time-Skip; The Next Day]
(Steven is reading a book in the living room, when someone begins knocking on his door.)
Steven: Coming!
(Steven opens the door and finds Onion standing outside.)
Steven: Oh! Onion! Need someone to hang out with again? Come on in!
(Onion just stands on the spot, staring at Steven.)
Steven: Oh, I see. *starts narrating* Onion wanted to come in, but he paused in the doorway. He needed to take his shoes off, but he didn't know how.
(Onion shakes his head and holds out his hand.)
Steven: You... wanna go somewhere else? *grabs Onion's hand*
(Onion suddenly pulls Steven out of the house and starts dragging him along, running through the streets of Beach City. They then pass by Onion's house.)
Steven: Hi Vidalia! Hi Yellowtaaaail! We just ran past your house, Onion! Where're you taking me?!
(Onion brings Steven into a forest, running down a hill and eventually stopping in a clearing. Steven then accidentally trips and falls on the ground.)
Steven: Woah! Where are we?
(Onion sticks his fingers in his mouth and whistles loudly.)
Steven: Woah! I didn't know you can whistle like that!
(The nearby bushes then begins to rustle as footsteps can be heard.)
Steven: Uhn? *gets up in shock* Is someone there?
(A boy wearing a scary mask pops out from the bushes.)
Masked Kid: Garbanzo!
Steven: Ah! *falls backwards in fright and starts backing off* Who are you?! Your slow and eerie approach is making me uncomfortable!
(Steven backs against a hollow log, when another masked kid grabs his arms from inside and startles him.)
Steven: Huh? AAAHH! *runs in front of Onion* Onion, run!
(A third masked kid jumps from a tree in front of Steven. Steven screams and passes out in shock, as the three kids surround him.)
Steven: Looks like it's curtains for Steven Universe... *takes out his hands in peril, when Onion surrounds him too* Onion?
(The three kids remove their masks.)
Steven: Huh? Do you know these guys, Onion?
(Onion nods as the kids gather around his sides.)
Steven: Oh.. they're your friends! Uh, my name's Steven!
Garbanzo: Garbanzo.
Steven: Uh, I guess you're Garbanzo. Since you're named after a bean, then the baby on your back must be... Pinto!
(Pinto coos, and Steven turns to the kid on his right.)
Steven: And your name is... (The kid takes their hat off, revealing a squash on their head.) Oh, Squash!
(Squash winks at Steven in approval.)
Steven: And to my left, we have... (The kid hits a pot on their head with their slingshot.) Slingshot! (The kid, slightly irritated, hits the pot again.) Uh, Pot-hat? (The kid hits the pot twice in frustration.) Uh, I don't know? S-S-S-Soup?
(Finally guessing their name correctly, Soup blows a kiss at Steven.)
Steven: Whew! *laughs* It's nice to meet all of you! Huh?
(The three kids gather around Steven and caress his body, while Onion watches on.)
Steven: What a warm welcome! *chuckles nervously* H-Hey, that's my wallet!
[Time-Skip]
(Steven and Onion watch as Soup knocks down soda cans with their slingshot, and Squash claps for her.)
Steven: Onion, the whole time, I thought you were just a lonely boy. But you have a whole pantry of friends! Thanks for bringing me here!
(Garbanzo then pushes in a wooden derby with Pinto riding on top of it.)
Garbanzo: *chuckling* Garbanzo.
Steven: Cool! A soap-box derby car thing! Can I lend you all a hand?
Garbanzo: *chuckles* Garbanzo.
(Garbanzo shakes his head as he points over to Soup, Squash, and Pinto, who are working on the derby using a hammer and a blowtorch.)
Steven: *concerned* Is that safe?
(The kids finish touching up the derby and they all get onto the derby.)
Garbanzo: Garbanzo!
Steven: This looks amazing!
(Onion invites Steven aboard.)
Steven: Is... there enough room for me?
(Soup pats on the back of the derby, and Steven climbs aboard.)
Steven: Alright! Let's roll!
(Garbanzo begins driving the derby.)
Steven: Woah! It even goes up steep hills!
(Garbanzo drives the gang out of the forest, while Steven cheers and laughs excitedly. Garbanzo smiles smugly and makes a sharp turn.)
Steven: Swerving!
(The derby lightly collides into a bench, and Garbanzo jumps out of it and lays on the ground.)
Garbanzo: Garbanzo!
Steven: Uh! What's going on?
(Garbanzo squeezes a sachet of ketchup in his hand and spread it over his face. He turns to Squash, who is holding his hand in pretend-remorse.)
Garbanzo: G-Gar-Garbanzo...
Steven: Wait! He is gonna be ok, right? It was just a little spill!
Garbanzo: Gar- banzooo...
(Garbanzo pretends to die with his eyes wide open, and Squash closes his eyes for him.)
Steven: G-Garbanzo? Is this really happening?
(Everyone begins to lament as Pinto crawls onto Garbanzo's body.)
Steven: Oh Pinto, I don't know what to say, this all happened so suddenly! I'll call a medical professional!
(Pinto rubs their hands together and touches Garbanzo's face. Garbanzo instantly wakes up.)
Garbanzo: G-Garbanzo!
(Garbanzo lifts Pinto up and the other kids raise their hands in triumph.)
Steven: It's a miracle! Pinto has healing po-
(Onion hits Steven in the stomach with his elbow.)
Steven: -wers? W-Why'd you nudge me and wink at me like this was all... (Onion winks at Steven.) ...A big joke?
(Onion nods and nudges again with his elbow. Steven starts laughing nervously.)
Steven: I- I get it. G-G-Good joke, hmm. Y'all- Y'all really got me with that...
(Onion then pulls out a trenchcoat from the trunk of the derby.)
Steven: Whoa, that is a huge trenchcoat! What are you gonna do with that?
(Squash, Garbanzo, Pinto, Soup, and Onion all pile on top of one another's shoulders inside the trenchcoat.)
Steven: You're gonna pretend to be grown? Can I pretend with you? (Onion nods.) Yippee!
(Steven jumps onto Onion's shoulders and the trenchcoat closes up, leaving only Steven's head visible at the top. Onion then hands Steven a hat to wear.)
Steven: Man we look so grown up!
(Squash, being at the bottom, begins to walk them through town.)
Steven: What should we do first? Buy a car? Stay in a fancy hotel? Vote?
(The gang makes their way to Suitcase Sam's and spots Suitcase Sam standing outside.)
Steven: Hey, is that Suitcase Sam? You think if we bump into him, he'll call us sir? That'll be funny. (Squash walks foward.) Oh are we doing it? Hello, Suitcase Sam, sir! It is I, your faithful customer, Mr. Mature Man!
(The trenchcoat suddenly opens up and light flashes from inside, causing Suitcase Sam to run away in fright. Steven covers up his chest in embarrassment.)
Steven: Wh-Why'd you do that?
(A photo is developed from Squash's camera, and they passes it to Garbanzo.)
Garbanzo: *laughs* Garbanzo!
(The photo then passes to Soup, who laughs at it, then to Onion, and finally to Steven at the top.)
Steven: Huh?
[Trans. Int. Forest]
(Steven pins the photo of Suitcase Sam being surprised on a tree, which is showcasing several other candid photos of Beach City citizens.)
Steven: Man! I always thought when we weren't hanging out, you were just, sitting alone at the boardwalk. Onion... how long as this been going on?
(Onion beckons Steven over, and Steven walks over to Onion drawing lines on the ground.)
Steven: What's going on over here? Just drawing in the dirt, eh? That's cool. That's not creepy... Right Soup?
(Soup takes off their pot helmet, and various bugs come crawling out from inside, startling Steven. Garbanzo and Squash pick two bugs out of the pot, and Soup offers the pot to Steven.)
Steven: Uhh... Ok?... *picks out a beetle, groans in disgust, and follows the gang* What should I- Oh, okay.
(Steven realizes the lines Onion drew resemble a race track, and he sets his beetle down on it, alongside other bugs, before a ruler as a starting line.)
Steven: Is this..a race? You're racing bugs? *giggles* That's fun!
(Onion says "on your mark, get set, go!" in his own murmur language and lets the ruler go. The bugs start crawling around as everyone cheers for their selected bug.)
Steven: Come on, you can do it! Keep going! (Steven's beetle crosses the finish line first.) Woo-hoo! I won!
Garbanzo: Gar-banzo!
(Everyone else begins to cheer as Garbanzo and Squash carry Steven over to a stump. Onion sets his beetle on the stump and Garbanzo hands a mallet to Steven.)
Garbanzo: Garbanzo.
Steven: For me? Thank you!
(Soup then slams their fist into their palm, prompting Steven to smash the beetle with the mallet.)
Steven: Huh? What? You want me to- But- But he won!
(Everyone else, except Onion, starts repeatedly slamming their fists into their palms, encouraging Steven to crush the beetle. Steven begins to raise his mallet, but drops to his knees in reluctance.)
Steven: I... can't do it! Bugs may be weird, but I don't wanna kill one! *sighs and sets down the mallet* I'm sorry, I'm going home!
(Steven begins running away. Onion tries to call him back, to no avail.)
[Trans. Ext. Beach House]
(Steven walks up the steps to the his home while dialing on his phone.)
Steven: Woo, no more weirdo friends. Let's see... *leans over the balcony* I bet my best friend Connie is free. *calls Connie* Hey, Connie! It's me, Steven. I-I was wondering if you... Umm, no there's no mission. I wanted to hang out. You've got to do back to school shopping. Oh, okay. Say hi to the pencils for me! *hangs up the phone* Well, I bet Peedee wants to hang.
(Steven sends a text message to Peedee, while he replies "Can't hang out. End of summer work rush.")
Steven: No big deal. I'm sure someone else is free. *scrolls down his contact list, which is half empty* Umm... Oh. Looks like the lonely boy with no friends his age was actually... Steven.
[Trans. Int. Beach House]
(Steven lies in somber on the couch by the windowsill, when Onion comes knocking on the front door.)
Steven: No, Onion! Just leave me alone! *turns away* You don't have to play with me anymore.
(Onion looks down in sorrow and walks away. He then shortly returns, bursting through the screen of the front door, and comes over to Steven.)
Steven: What are you doing?!
(Onion pulls Steven off the couch by his foot and begins to drag him towards the door.)
Steven: No, Onion! Onion listen! *gets up* I figured it out! The only reason you hang out with me is cause you feel bad for me, isn't it?
(Onion, shocked by Steven's remark, shakes his head.)
Steven: You don't have to lie to me to protect my feelings! Those kids, out there in the woods. You understand each other and you don't even talk! They're your real friends. So just, go. *turns away from Onion* I don't need you to pity me. It's the one thing I can do by myself.
(Onion walks away, out through the hole he made through the screen door, before leaving something behind.)
Steven: Hmm? *picks up a beetle* Hey. You're... the winner of the bug race. Wait! Onion, I'm sorry!
(Steven opens the front door and runs out, not before setting the beetle back down inside the house.)
Steven: Onion, wait!
(Steven runs all the way through town, and back to the forest again.)
Steven: Guys, I'm sorry! It was me! I was the lonely boy! I- Hey, what's going on?...
(Steven then notices Onion's friends are all sadly packing up their belongings.)
Steven: Wait, are you guys... leaving? I'm sorry about being weirded out before! You don't have to leave!
(Onion picks up a fallen brown leaf off the ground and hands it to Steven.)
Steven: Ohhh. I-I get it now. You guys only come to Beach City during the summer months. And since the fall's starting, it must be time for you to go home.
Garbanzo: *starts crying* Gaaarbaaanzoooo!
(Garbanzo, Squash and Soup all spread their arms and approach towards Steven.)
Steven: I don't know what to say. I- (The kids all lean in to hug Steven.) Awww. Thanks for letting me hang out with you guys. You're all swell.
(Onion's friends begin driving away on the derby car, waving goodbye to Steven and Onion.)
Steven: *waving back* Goodbye! I'll never forget you all!
(Onion sadly walks over to a log and leans against it, and Steven sits down by his side.)
Steven: So that's why you wanted me to come back so much. This was your last chance to have all your friends in the same place.
(Onion covers his face in sadness, and Steven begins to narrate again.)
Steven: Hmm. Onion felt really sad about his summer friends leaving. But! Then he started to feel a little better.
(Onion uncovers his face and looks at Steven.)
Steven: He remembered all the great times he had with his friends, and all the cool stuff they did together. And until next summer, he had his pal Steven to hang out with. I-If he wants to.
(Onion, touched by Steven's words, starts weeping and gives Steven a hug.)
Steven: Aww, buddy!
(The star iris closes on the pair as they embrace each other, ending the episode.)
[END]