[Open Beach near Crystal Temple]
(Pearl sets down a makeshift device on the sand and examines it.)
Pearl: Hmm, this spot should be safe. *shouts to a distance* Amethyst, do you have the robonoid?
(Amethyst kicks the robonoid over to Pearl as Garnet follows her.)
Amethyst: Yeah, don't worry about it.
Pearl: *annoyed* Amethyst, I just repaired that.
(Amethyst steps on the robonoid, as it activates and tries to get up.)
Amethyst: Yeah yeah, it's fine.
Pearl: Ugh! Okay, we have everything we need for the experiment and Steven is home fast asleeeep?!
(Pearl looks down and sees Steven suddenly standing in front of her.)
Steven: *waves* Hey guys.
Pearl: Steven! It's way past your bed time! You should really go back to the house!
Steven: What? I don't want to miss... whatever this is. What is this?
Amethyst: Pearl got lonely, so she made herself a robot friend.
Pearl: It's not a robot friend, it's a robot disruptor. It should produce a localized energy blast so when Peridot shows up to... meet with us, we'll have something that can knock out all her robonoids *places the robonoid in front of the device* Now stand back everyone!
(Pearl presses a button on a remote control and the device activates. It then emits a powerful EMP blast that knocks the Crystal Gems off their feet and shuts off all electricity in Beach City.)
Steven: We did it!
(The robonoid, seemingly inactive, gets up unaffected. Amethyst moans in disappointment and Garnet face-palms.)
Steven: Well, you knocked out all the lights in town.
Pearl: *a little embarrassed* Steven, that was not the point of the- *sighs* Alright, that was a start! Now I'm going to need to take some parts out of the washing machine. Steven, you might have to wear the same shirt for a while.
Steven: No problem!
(Steven takes off his shirt, to reveal a second similar shirt underneath. The Gems stares at him, speechless.)
[Trans. Int. Beach House, Morning]
(Steven wakes up in the morning in his bedroom. He walks to the refrigerator, half asleep and yawning, and reaches for a pack of "Microwavable Crying Breakfast Friends" in the freezer. He then pops it in the microwave and presses a button to turn it on, but nothing happens.)
Steven: What's wrong with the microw-
(Steven opens the microwave by accident, hitting himself in the face.)
Steven: Ow! Ugh...! *takes the thawed food pack out of the microwave* What is the meaning of this?!
(Loud knocking is suddenly heard at the door and Steven goes to open it.)
Steven: Mayor Dewey?
Mayor Dewey: Hello there. young Universe. Any of your... sisters home?
Steven: My sisters?
Mayor Dewey: Your caretakers! You know....the tall one, the purple one, the hot one. (Steven keeps staring blankly at Mayor Dewey.) Look, the power is out and I've been mayor long enough to know they had something to do with it.
Steven: *confused* My sisters?
Mayor Dewey: Is there anyone else I can talk to about this?
Steven: *shouts into the house* Pearl!
Pearl: Coming!
(Mayor Dewey blushes while fixing his collar.)
Pearl: Oh, can I help you?
Mayor Dewey: *dumbfounded* Yes. *comes to senses* Oh hi! *clears his throat and acts professionally* Beach city is currently experiencing a wide spread power outage--
Pearl: Oh, don't worry about that, the power should be back on as early as tonight or as late as... never.
Mayor Dewey: Never coming back?!
Pearl: Yes?
Mayor Dewey: No, no, no! It has to come back! The people of Beach City can't handle a situation like this, they need their electronic distractions so they won't know that this town is a magnet for disaster!
Pearl: Oh, don't be dramatic. I saw humans get on fine without power for millennia. You used to hunt and gather. *chuckles* What happened to that?
Mayor Dewey: You don't understand, sure things seem calm now in the light of day but when the sun goes down, so does the town!
Steven: He's right. Mayor Dewey, this is our responsibility, we'll help you clean up this mess.
Garnet: *from inside the house* No we won't!
(Pearl leaves into the house.)
Steven: I'll help you clean up this mess.
Mayor Dewey: Okay, but you're not getting paid.
[Trans. Ext. the Big Donut]
(Mayor Dewey drives Steven in his van and parks it outside the Big Donut.)
Mayor Dewey: All right, we gotta go do damage control now or the boardies are going to get restless.
Steven: Boardies?
(Mayor Dewey gets off the van and walks up to Sadie and Lars, moving some boxes at the back of the building.)
Mayor Dewey: Hello, youth resident of Beach City.
Sadie: Is everything all right?
Lars: You mean besides the power knocking out the freezer? *throws a box of melted ice cream near a garbage bin* Ugh, and melting all this ice cream?
Steven: *shocked* What?! Ice cream!?
Lars: It's a real pain in the- *sits on the boxes, accidentally staining his pants in melted ice cream* Gwahh! Ugh...
Sadie: I'd offer you some but its pretty soupy.
Steven: Is this happening to ice cream all over town!? This really is a crisis!
Mayor Dewey: *places his hand on Steven's shoulder* Now let's all calm down here, I have everything under control.
Steven: You do?
Mayor Dewey: Of course! The power will be back and the freezers will be working by sundown. No need to cry over... frozen milk. Here. *hands Sadie a glow stick and an election button* I'll catch you kids on the side that flips. You take care now.
Steven: See ya later.
Sadie: Thanks for the glow stick.
(Mayor Dewey and Steven get back inside the van.)
Steven: So everything is going to be okay?
Mayor Dewey: What? No. *starts up his van*
Steven: You lied to them?!
Mayor Dewey: Look Steven, it's not lying when you're the mayor, it's politics. *starts driving off*
Steven: It is?
Mayor Dewey: Of course it is. Let me tell you something, when you work for the government you can't control what happens in the world but you can control how people feel about. That's the real weight I carry, making the good people of Beach City feel better, safer, more secure.
Steven: But-
Mayor Dewey: What's my other option? Let the people panic and riot? That didn't work out so well for Ocean Town.
Steven: I've never head of Ocean Town.
Mayor Dewey: Exactly, that's why you've got to give the people something to believe in. When they see my giant head on this car rolling down the boardwalk, they think "Here comes help!". Well, some people think "Here comes that exterminator guy." But then they realize it's me: their mayor! Have you seen that exterminator truck with a head on it? He's totally copying me.
Steven: Uh...
Mayor Dewey: *gives Steven a brown paper bag filled with election buttons and glow sticks* Here, take these.
(Mayor Dewey drives up to the boardwalk in front of the Beach Citywalk Fries, where a large crowd of citizens are chattering among themselves in unrest, and parks his van. Everyone turn to look, as Mayor Dewey steps out of the van with a megaphone.)
Mayor Dewey: *clears throat* Attention, my good citizens. As you may or may not be aware of, there is a power outage affecting all of Beach City Area proper.
Nanefua: *sarcastically* Oh, really.
Mayor Dewey: This problem is just a temporary one - not a big one at all. Things could be worse - we could be in Ocean Town.
(Some uneasy glances and hushed laughs ripple through the crowd.)
Mr. Fryman: *jokingly* Too soon!
Mayor Dewey: Anyway, the power will be back on by sundown so in the meantime, just enjoy this beautiful, peaceful day outside. The power will be back on before you know it, I promise.
(The crowd murmurs in approval.)
Nanefua: I trust this man!
Mayor Dewey: *whispers to Steven* Okay, make sure everyone gets a button and a glow stick. *turns back to the crowd while waving and grinning nervously*
Steven: *gives the Pizza family some buttons and glow sticks* Have a glow stick. Here you go. Uh, here. *walks towards Greg*
Greg: Oh, hey, schtu-ball. You get some sort of secret government internship I need to know about?
Steven: *laughs nervously* Here. *hands Greg a button and a glow stick*
Greg: Apparently you can't have too many 'Mayor Dewey' buttons. Sounds like I'm not gonna be needing this glow stick though. *returns the glow stick to Steven* See ya later, buddy!
Steven: *dismayed* But... Dad! Noooo...
[Trans. Ext. Crystal Temple, Afternoon]
(Steven returns back home and pauses by the stairs to look at the ocean. He starts climbing it, when he overhears the Gems talking on the porch.)
Amethyst: So what if she shows up with more? I say we just mash 'em all!
Garnet: It's not just the robonoids. According to Lapis, she's going to have backup.
Pearl: Who knows what she's going to have? We won't stand a chance against their weapons. But, if we can just knock them out...
Garnet: It's not about the robonoids, Pearl! She's coming with other gems!
(Steven is shocked at Garnet's statement.)
Amethyst: Says who?! Who cares! What does Lapis even know?!
(Steven climbs the stairs to the porch.)
Garnet: Calm down, Amethyst!
Amethyst: You calm downnnnn- *spots Steven* -uuhhh, hey!
(Pearl turns and sees Steven too, to her surprise.)
Amethyst: *walks up to Steven* Look who it is! Iiiit's Steven! *laughs and put her arm around Steven's shoulders* Our best friend, Steven! What are you doing here, buddy?
Steven: I live here? Is everything okay?
Pearl: *nervously* Of course.
Garnet: In fact, we were just about to play... cards.
Pearl: Yes! Cards.
Amethyst: Wanna play "War?" (Pearl growls at Amethyst, as a warning.) I mean... "Peace"?
Steven: Yeah! But... how are we gonna play cards in the dark?
Garnet: We can light a fire in the fireplace.
Pearl: Yes! Like Early Man.
Amethyst: *ruffles Steven's hair* C'mon, "Early Man."
(The Gems enter the house, but Steven remains outside. He looks through the windows and sees the Gems sitting down and continue to discuss among themselves. He then walks over to the rails of the porch and holds out his 'Mayor Dewey' button at the setting sun.)
Mayor Dewey (voiceover)
... When the sun goes down, so does...
Steven: The town. *looks at the button in worry*
(It is now night time. Electricity has yet to return to Beach City, as buildings such as the Big Donut, the Ferris wheel and the Funland Arcade remain unlit. The crowd of citizens grows more restless and angry, and begins to protest against Mayor Dewey at the boardwalk. Steven rushes in to observe the chaos.)
Steven: Oh my gosh!
Peedee: How come there's still no power?
Jenny: You said it would be on by sundown!
Mayor Dewey: *nervously* Everyone just calm down. I'm sure if we just talk rationally, we can come to an agreement.
Nanefua: No agreement! You promised us!
Mr. Fryman: Without power, I can't take care of my family! *gestures to Peedee* Well, this one's fine. *points to Ronaldo* But this one can't take care of himself.
Mayor Dewey: I'm sure the power will be on tomorrow... I think... Maybe.
Nanefua: Stop pulling our legs! You lied to us and you are lying again!
(The crowd roars in agreement.)
Mayor Dewey: Please! Consider things in Beach City! (A button hits him in the eye.) Ow!
(The crowd starts to throw Mayor Dewey's buttons and glow sticks at him. Mayor Dewey quickly retreats into his van.)
Mayor Dewey: *lowers the van windows* If you'd all just calm down -
Nanefua: Tip the truck!
(Mr. Smiley, Mr. Fryman and Peedee rush forward and begin to push the van, while Buck Dewey helplessly watches. The crowd roars in approval as the van is successfully tipped over.)
Steven: Ah! *climbs on top of the tipped van and shouts at the crowd* Everyone, please!
(The crowd is immediately silenced.)
Steven: The power might not be back on tonight. It might not even be back on for even a year!
(The crowd lets out cries of shock and dismay.)
Steven: But I know that you're all going to be okay because I know each and every one of you. You're smart, you're tough, and you're resourceful. And you all care about each other more than you care about microwave dinners or video games or being able to see in the dark. I know it'll hurt your businesses, I know it'll hurt your lives. But are we really going to hurt each other?
(The crowd murmurs among themselves.)
Steven: Of course not! We'll face the night together and we'll survive because we are the light of Beach City!
(The crowd cheers in approval.)
Mayor Dewey: *climbs out of the van* Yes! Thank you, Steven. I couldn't have said it better.
Nanefua: Don't try to worm your way out of this!
Mayor Dewey: Oh! No, no!
Steven: It's okay! It's okay! Mayor Dewey was hiding things from you but he did it because he didn't want you to worry! (Mayor Dewey nods in agreement.) He was just sheltering you from the truth because he... *suddenly realizes* He loves you.
(The crowd nods and whispers in approval, and cheers for Mayor Dewey. Steven shakes his head with an epiphany and hops off the van.)
[Trans. Int. Beach House]
(Steven returns home and see the Gems lounging around the living room couch, with the fireplace lit up, while Pearl is working on her device from before.)
Pearl: *sees Steven* Oh, hey Steven. *looks back at her device and murmurs to herself* If I could just concentrate the -
Steven: Um... Do you guys wanna talk?
Pearl: *nervously disconnects a part from her device* And why would we need to do that?
Amethyst: Hey, Steven. You still owe us a game of cards.
Garnet: *picks up several cards* Yeah, get in on this.
Steven: N-no! I don't wanna play cards. I wanna talk about Peridot.
Pearl: Oh, well, yes. Everything is fine.
Steven: No it's not! I know it's not. I know you just don't want me to be scared but just tell me the truth!
(The Gems silently stare at Steven for a moment.)
Garnet: Peridot is coming. *sets the cards on the table* And we don't know who or what she'll be coming with. She's a modern gem with modern gem technology that's bound to overpower us.
(Steven listens with shock.)
Garnet: Steven, the truth is... we're scared.
Steven: We've been scared before, right? None of us know what's going to happen, but... that's okay. We can figure things out - together.
(The Gems all nod silently in agreement. The power in the house suddenly turns back on, as well the entire Beach City, as the episode ends.)
[END]