[Open Beach City Boardwalk]
(Steven is taking a stroll along the boardwalk.)
Steven: *sighs* Space is great, but nothing beats some good ol' atmosphere.
Ronaldo: The horror! The terror! Protect yourself against the menace that threatens Beach City!
(Steven spots Ronaldo in front of the Beach Citywalk Fries, handing out pamphlets and yelling aloud like a town crier, while different Beach City citizens such as Jenny and Onion simply pass by him.)
Ronaldo: Protect yourself against the menace that threatens Beach City? Mr. Smiley, protect yourself against the menace that threatens Beach City?
Steven: *approaches Ronaldo* I'll protect myself from the menace that threatens Beach City.
Ronaldo: Steven! I knew I could count on you!
(Steven takes a pamphlet and sits down on a bench.)
Steven: Let's get knowledgeable! "How to Protect Yourself Against Rock People"? What? *opens the pamphlet* "Alien entities walk among us"? "They're adding mind-controlling minerals to our water suppl-" "They hate men"!?
Ronaldo: Protect yourself against the menace that-
Steven: Ronaldo, wait! What is this?
Ronaldo: Well, technically, it's an infozine pamphlet, but I've been calling them "Ronalphlets."
Steven: I get that part. I'm talking about all this mean stuff you're saying about the Crystal Gems!
Ronaldo: No-no-no. Crystal Gems aren't Rock People. Crystal Gems fight Rock People. See my documentary: "Rising Tides, Crashing Skies".
Steven: Crystal Gems don't just fight Rock People. We are Rock People! Also, don't say "Rock People". It's offensive.
Ronaldo: Rock People are different, obviously. For starters, they have rocks embedded in their bodies.
Steven: '*lifts up his shirt, revealing his gemstone* Like this?
Ronaldo: But they can summon weapons from the Mud Dimension.
(Steven summons his shield.)
Ronaldo: No-no, you're not getting it. They can alter their forms. That's how they trick humans into loving them!
(Steven shapeshifts his finger into a cat finger.)
Ronaldo: Aww!... Wait a second. You're a Rock Person?!
Steven: I'm a Crystal Gem, Ronaldo. *dismisses his cat finger and shield* And you're not wrong about everything. We're just ignored and misunderstood.
Ronaldo: I'm so glad you're the only one that took a Ronalphlet! I'm so sorry! *starts weeping*
Steven: Hey, it's okay. Everyone makes mistakes. Just as long as you realize that the Crystal Gems and I aren't that different from you.
Ronaldo: Right. Thanks, Steven. I gotta go... rethink some things.
[Trans. Int. Beach House]
(The Crystal Gems are reading Ronaldo's blog on Steven's phone in the kitchen.)
Amethyst: *reading the blog* "I'm shutting down my blog," blah blah blah, "social media," blah. "I may never come back to the Internet!" *chuckles* Whoa, dude.
Pearl: I suppose it's a good thing that he's taking time to think.
Steven: There's a new post.
Pearl: *slightly irritated* Hmmm...
Steven: It's a video.
Ronaldo (Video)
Good day, loyal followers of Keep Beach City Weird. I've come to you today because I pride myself in bringing you the truth about all the weird stuff in Beach City the Man doesn't want you to know about. But today, I need to tell you some truths about this man! I've mixed up what is right and wrong and ended up saying some pretty mean things about the Crystal Gems. I feel terrible about my mistake because I know more than anyone what it's like to do thankless work and to be an outsider. That's why I'm joining the Crystal Gems!
Pearl: What?!
(Amethyst snorts and laughs. Ronaldo's video keeps playing in the background, when footsteps are heard outside the house.)
Ronaldo: *bursts through the door* Steven!
Steven: Ronaldo...
Ronaldo: Guess what!
Steven: You want to join the Crystal Gems.
Ronaldo: *gasps* I thought you'd never ask! You know, I always felt strangely at home here.
Pearl: *unimpressed* Unh-unh. No. You are not living here. And you certainly can't join the Crystal Gems.
Ronaldo: But...
Garnet: You don't have a gem. Your body is organic.
Steven: My body's organic and I'm a Crystal Gem.
Pearl: You're going to entertain this?
Steven: We're all different, but we love and accept each other. That's what Crystal Gems do. And isn't it great that someone is actually interested in what we do? What better way to show him what we're about than to accept him as a Crystal Gem, too?
Pearl: Uhhh...
(Garnet slowly starts clapping at Steven's inspirational speech.)
Amethyst: *claps along* Let's do this!
Pearl: Well, it's not the strangest house guest we've had.
[Time-Skip]
(Ronaldo begins unpacking his luggage inside Steven's Room.)
Ronaldo: So, when do I get issued my gem?
Steven: Oh... It doesn't really-uh-eh- But if you had a gem, what would you want it to be?
Ronaldo: Well, I care so much, I think it'd be, like, deep in my heart. Or like a million tiny gems, like one crushed-up gem coursing through my blood, like- like... Bloodstone!
Steven: Perfect! That's your Crystal Gem name.
Ronaldo: Wait! Check it out! *pulls out a green sword* I have a Gem Weapon now, too!
Steven: Wow! A sword!
Ronaldo: I got it at DelmarvaCon last year. It's a replica from the anime "I Can't Believe My Stepdad's My Sword". It can cut through a carton of milk like a carton of butter!
Steven: There's a half-full juice box by the TV.
(Ronaldo unsheathes the sword and swings it at the juice box, sending it flying to the fridge, instead of cutting through it. Steven then tapes a paper star on Ronaldo's shirt.)
Steven: Nice! That star looks good on you.
Ronaldo: Thanks.
(Just then, the Gems warp in on the Warp Pad.)
Amethyst: Mission time!
Ronaldo: Awesome! Let me grab my katana from upstairs.
(Ronaldo tries to jumps on the living room couch and into Steven's room, and fails miserably.)
Ronaldo: *wheezing and panting* I'ma take the stairs.
Pearl: Uhh, I'm sorry, Bloodfry. You're going to have to sit this one out. It's a bit dangerous.
Ronaldo: But Steven gets to go.
Garnet: Steven is different. He's been training with us for years.
Steven: Don't worry, Bloodstone. I didn't get to come along at first either. We can start your training soon. Be back in a bit!
(The Crystal Gems warp out, as Ronaldo watches on dejected.)
Ronaldo: But... I'm a Crystal Gem, too.
[Time-Skip]
(Ronaldo begins inspecting Steven, presumably returned from the mission earlier, with a pair of binoculars.)
Steven: Um... hi, Bloodstone.
Ronaldo: Oh. Hi, Steven. Didn't see you there. So... how'd the mission go without me holding you back?
Steven: Uh, it went fine. You know, the usual: fighting monsters, sharing emotions.
Ronaldo: I'm glad you didn't get hurt. With me not there.
Steven: Yeah... Well, I'm heading out.
Ronaldo: And you're going out like that?
Steven: Uh... like what?
Ronaldo: Well, I just think a real Crystal Gem would want to show off their gem, like, all the time. If I had a gem, I'd show mine off.
(Steven ties a knot in the bottom of his shirt to expose his gem.)
[Time-Skip; Night-time]
(Steven is fast asleep in his bed, listening to a relaxation track on his phone.)
Steven's Phone: You are in a quiet forest. The trees are quiet. The sky is quiet. A small rabbit begins to sing. Ahhh...
Ronaldo: Rah!
Steven: What the-
(Ronaldo is seen taking a deep breath, as he hits a milk carton with his sword at the foot of Steven's bed, splashing milk in Steven's face.)
Steven: *sighs* Bloodstone, I know you want to train, but it's bedtime.
Ronaldo: Funny that you... sleep, when Gems don't need sleep. Why is that?
Steven: I-I don't know. Because I'm half human, I get tired and I...
Ronaldo: Huh. Well, I'm two halves human, and I'm not- *yawns loudly* -tired at all.
(Ronaldo begins twirling his sword around and accidentally drops it out of the bedroom. Steven's eye twitches.)
Ronaldo: Ever since I became a Crystal Gem, uh... sleeping... *chuckles softly* I don't... do it.
Steven: That's great, Bloodstone. *goes back to sleep*
Ronaldo: *sleepy* What a cool name. I'm so cool.
(Ronaldo tries to reach for his sword, and falls out of the bedroom.)
[Time-Skip; The Next Time]
(Steven bides Connie goodbye as she leaves Steven's house.)
Steven: Bye, Connie! See you tomorrow for sword training! *bumps into Ronaldo inside the house* Ah!
Ronaldo: Her gem weapon's a sword, huh? She totally ripped that off from me.
Steven: What?! That sword belonged to my mom!
Ronaldo: How come I don't get your mom's gempon? That's "Gem" and "weapon".
Steven: Well, Connie's been a part of the Crystal Gems longer than you, so...
Ronaldo: Admit it. She's just in because she's your girlfriend.
Steven: What are you talking about?!
Ronaldo: She doesn't even live here! I'm here all the time! Look at that quality groove I've established! *gestures at a groove indented in the couch* If she was a real Crystal Gem, she'd be a little bit more dedicated!
Steven: Are you serious?! Bloodstone, ever since you got here, all you've done is boss me around! Who are you to tell anyone how to be a Crystal Gem?! You're just- You're just... a guy with a blog!
Ronaldo: *deadpan* Is that love? Is that acceptance? Maybe you're the one that isn't a Crystal Gem. I think you need to leave and think about stuff.
[Trans. Ext. Beach House]
(Complying to Ronaldo's words, Steven begins pacing around on the beach.)
Steven: What is my problem? He just wanted to be included. If I were really a Crystal Gem, I'd never... *pauses and realizes* Wait a second.
[Trans. Int. Beach House]
(Steven stomps back into the house, where Ronaldo is laughing maniacally and patting the kitchen counter, while the Gems watch on.)
Ronaldo: Amethyst! *keeps laughing*
Amethyst: Yo, I didn't even say anything.
Steven: Bloodstone! We need to talk!
(Ronaldo, drooling from his mouth, turns to Steven.)
Steven: You're right! The Crystal Gems are about love and acceptance! But you've been acting really mean to me, and I don't love that. I don't accept that. I wish I hadn't snapped at you, it's just... I really thought you joined because you were interested in the Crystal Gems. But the second it wasn't about you, you stopped caring. This isn't the Bloodstone club about making Bloodstone feel good. This is my whole life! Do you care about that or not?!
(Ronaldo's star starts falling off his shirt, and then he collapses onto the floor.)
Amethyst: Whoa! You truthed him so hard, he died!
Steven: No! Bloodstone! Bloodstone!
(Ronaldo begins snoring.)
Steven: *sighs* He's just asleep. Guess staying awake for a whole week finally caught up with him.
Pearl: Well, what do we do with Fryrocko now?
[Trans. Ext. Beach Citywalk Fries; Night-time]
(The Crystal Gems drop Ronaldo outside on the ground of the Beach Citywalk Fries.)
Garnet: We should let his parent know he's back.
Amethyst: *shapeshifts into Ronaldo* Hey, Dad. I'm back. Blog, blog, blog.
Pearl: That was really good!
Amethyst: *shapeshifts back to normal* Thanks!
Steven: I'll... text Peedee and let him know he's here. You think he'll be okay?
Amethyst: You've worried about him enough, Steven.
Garnet: Crystal Gems, let's head back.
(Garnet, Pearl, and Amethyst leap onto the beach and begin walking off. Steven remains behind, staring at Ronaldo, snoring away on the boardwalk.)
[Time-Skip; Three Weeks Later]
(Steven is walking around the boardwalk, seemingly worried, when he spots Ronaldo brooding on a bench.)
Steven: Bloodstone!
Ronaldo: Oh. Hey, Steven.
Steven: Are you all right? I haven't seen you in... three weeks.
Ronaldo: Yeah. I took a real long nap, and then I did some hard thinking. I wasn't acting like Bloodstone. I was acting like... Jerknaldo. You accepted me, but I still felt like an outsider. I guess even amongst outsiders, I am the ultimate outsider. I think it's better Ronaldo Fryman work alone.
Steven: Are you sure? I was really glad you wanted to help our cause.
Ronaldo: I still do. *hands Steven a new "Ronalphlet"*
Steven: Oh. It's you and Pearl shaking hands. When did that happen?
Ronaldo: I used the magic of photo-editing software. Hey, but, uh... Ronalphlets aside, can I ask you something?
Steven: Yeah?
Ronaldo: Why don't you use your Gem name?
Steven: Oh. My Gem name is my mom's name. Actually, the only time Gems really call me that is, if they're about to kidnap me or beat me up.
Ronaldo: That's rough, buddy. You want me to put that in the Ronalphlet?
Steven: Eh... maybe not.
Ronaldo: Got it.
(The star iris then closes on Ronaldo's face, ending the episode.)
[END]