[Open Ext. Beach House, Night-time]
(Steven and Garnet are star-gazing on the porch, when a shooting star passes by.)
Steven: Ooh! There's one! Garnet, you gotta make a wish!
Garnet: All right.
Steven: Close your eyes!
(Garnet seemingly closes her eyes under her visor.)
Steven: All of them.
Garnet: Ok, ok.
Steven: Now make your wish. But don't tell me what it is. *pauses for a bit, and whispers* Garnet, what did you wish for?
Garnet: I wished... for another shooting star so that you could make a wish.
Steven: *blushes* Oh my gosh.
(Steven gasps as he spots a red shooting star in the sky.)
Steven: Garnet! It worked!
(Distant screaming is then heard as the "star" nears.)
Steven: Is that star... screaming?
(The screaming "star" crashes onto the beach in front of the beach house.)
Steven: What's that?!
(Steven and Garnet quickly run down to the beach, and sees a Ruby lying in a crater.)
Steven: It's "Navy"!
Garnet: That's... a Ruby.
Steven: Don't you remember? I gave them all names. This one's "Navy", 'cause her gem is on her navel.
Garnet: Oh. I finally get it.
("Navy" climbs out of the crate and jumps towards Steven, who quickly summons his bubble shield.)
"Navy"
Oh please! Oh please! Don't make me go back to Homeworld! Oh, I wanna stay here with you.
Garnet: This... is a surprise.
Steven: *pops his bubble* You... wanna live on Earth?
"Navy"
Yeah. All the other Rubies are mean to me. I just want to be somewhere where I can be myself.
Steven: You're not mad at us from before?
"Navy"
What do you mean?
Steven: You know, about tricking you into playing baseball?
"Navy"
That was fun!
Steven: Or, when Amethyst pretended to be Jasper?
"Navy"
I've got to admit, that was pretty clever.
Steven: Or when we blasted you all out into space and stole your ship so you'd be stranded forever?
"Navy"
Well, we were fighting so it's understandable.
Garnet: I don't know about this. She tried to stab you in space.
Steven: That was "Eyeball". This is "Navy". She... always seemed really nice, actually.
"Navy"
Hey thanks!
Steven: And you know, a Ruby falling from the sky, discovering this beautiful world. Sounds a lot like a story you told me once.
Garnet: *blushes* Oh stop!
Steven: Let me take it from here! I know exactly where she'll fit in.
Garnet: All right, Steven Universe. Go work your magic.
[Trans. Ext. The Barn, Sunrise]
(Steven pushes his way through the corn field to find Peridot and Lapis sitting on a tractor.)
Peridot: Finally! There's a star to wish on. *points to the rising sun*
Steven: Peridot! Lapis!
Lapis & Peridot: Steven!
(Pumpkin runs up to Steven, barking excitedly.)
Steven: And Pumpkin. Can't forget you.
Peridot: Well well, back again. You should just move in with us at this point.
Steven: Actually, maybe not me. But I know someone else who might be interested.
"Navy"
*walks out of the corn field* Hi! I'm "Navy", a refugee from Homeworld. Just like you guys. *giggles*
(Peridot and Lapis stares at "Navy" in shock and revolt respectively.)
Peridot: So uhh... when did you show up on Earth?
"Navy"
Today.
Peridot: *excitedly* New barnie!
Lapis: What?! No! Hold on. Can we... talk about this first?
Peridot: Yeah, yeah-yeah-yeah. Of course. I love talking.
(Lapis encases "Navy" in a water bubble and floats her away.)
Lapis: Steven, this makes no sense. Why would she wanna live here? We've been awful to her. She must hate us.
Steven: She doesn't, though. Give her a chance. She's on our side now.
Peridot: Just like that? Wow.
Lapis: There's no way!
Steven: Well, you guys wanted to start a new life here too. It can totally happen.
Lapis: Even if she wants to be here, she doesn't know what she's getting into. Life on Earth is really confusing. It took me a long time to get used to it. I'm still getting used to it.
Steven: *thinking* Hmm...
Peridot: But! We can show her the way. I mean, we've been through the wringer on all this stuff. It'd be cool to share what we've learned. And, you know, I think we'll be really good at it.
Lapis: Ok... Ok. I'll give it a try. But we'll have to take it slow.
Peridot: Yeah!
Steven: This will be great! I just know it!
(Pumpkin barks at "Navy". Lapis snaps her fingers to dispel her water bubble and release "Navy".)
"Navy"
Thank you!
[Time-Skip; Morning]
(Peridot begins lecturing "Navy", and Steven, using the chalkboard.)
Peridot: So you're an Earthling. But what does that mean? Well, the answer is... (Lapis flips the board, revealing a drawing of a shrugging alien.) Who knows?! *chuckles* And that's the beauty of Earth. Nothing here makes sense, but that's why you have us now.
Lapis: It might be hard to like Earth at first. It is where, a bunch of bad stuff happened.
"Navy"
I love it! It's so... sunny.
Peridot: Ah, yes! The sun! Ever burning. Until it's not.
Lapis: This planet has weather, which can be confusing and alarming. It's sunny now, but it can always rain later.
"Navy"
What is... rain?
Lapis: It's like- Oh wait! I can just show you.
(Lapis controls a giant water bubble over the group and simulates rain with it.)
Lapis: I know it's a bit strange, but-
"Navy"
*squeeing* Oh ah ha ha, the sky is crying!
Steven: She likes it! "Navy" likes it!
"Navy"
Oh, a planet that's not always sunny. It's almost like, it's always... changing! Oh-ho-ho! It's so beautiful!
Steven: Yeah! Exactly!
Peridot: Wow! That's like... chapter ninety-seven of Earth stuff! *levitates an umbrella over her and Lapis* Looks like we have an advanced student on our hands.
Lapis: *annoyed* Yeah. No kidding.
[Trans. Int. The Barn]
(Peridot and Lapis then show "Navy" in the interior of the barn.)
Peridot: This is our... Gem Cave. Lapis hates it when I call it that. So I don't. The barn's pretty big so you can have one of the corners. *chuckles* Make it your own.
"Navy"
That sounds so nice. Any corner would be lovely.
Steven: You should have a look around.
("Navy" first inspects the toilets, and gets curious about the hammock.)
"Navy"
Ooohh. What's this for?
Peridot: That's a hammock. It's a bed you fall out of.
Lapis: It's where I like to sleep. I don't have to do it, but I like to do it. You know, turn off for a bit and-
Peridot: Snore! Like this! *pretends to sleep and snores loudly, and Lapis blushes* Snore!
"Navy"
Wow! Sounds groovy! How do I start?
Lapis: That one is really hard to explain. You lie down somewhere and close your eyes. And think about nothing, or everything. But it may take you a little while feel comfortable enough to-
("Navy" begins snoring, fast asleep on the floor.)
Lapis: *annoyed* Looks like you've got it.
[Trans. Ext. The Barn]
(Peridot and Lapis begin showing "Navy" around the farmland.)
Peridot: And here is our organic Earth farm. The ground around here is teeming with resources which feed the growing crops around us. Don't bother talking to the corn. It can't hear you.
Lapis: Plants may seem strange to you at first. But don't worry, you don't have to love everything right away.
"Navy"
I love plants! *throws carrots in the air* Ooohh.
Lapis: *slightly irritated* Well, what about Pumpkin? Do you love Pumpkin too? *picks up Pumpkin*
"Navy"
*cheery* I! Love! Pumpkin! *leaps over, and Pumpkin licks her face*
Steven: Eww! Pumpkin kisses. *laughs*
Lapis: *gets annoyed* Well, what about dirt? Do you love the dirt too?
"Navy"
What's dirt?
(Lapis points to the ground.)
"Navy"
Ah! I do love the dirt!
("Navy" begins rolling on the ground, laughing. Steven and Peridot joins in the rolling too.)
Lapis: So, what about us? How do you feel about us?
"Navy"
You guys are the best! Thank you, thank you. Thank you all for taking me in. *hugs Peridot and Steven* Oh, we're gonna be the best of friends.
Lapis: But we were just enemies! Don't you remember? *gets flustered* Why don't you get mad?!
"Navy"
I think even if I really tried, that's the one thing I can't do.
Lapis: ...Oh come on! *flies away in anger*
"Navy"
Did I do something?
Steven: I think it might be more complicated than that. Why don't you stay here and admire more of the plants?
Peridot: Lapis!
Steven: Lapis!
(Peridot, Pumpkin and Steven run off to look for Lapis, as "Navy" sighs in dismay.)
[Time-Skip]
(Steven, Peridot and Pumpkin try searching for Lapis around the barn.)
Peridot: Lapis!
Steven: Lapis! Where are you?
Lapis: She's just... I-I-It's just like she's fine with us. Like, there's no problem.
(Steven, Peridot and Pumpkin spots Lapis on the back of the truck sticking out of the barn. Peridot then lifts herself, Pumpkin, and Steven on a trash can lid up to Lapis.)
Steven: Lapis, are you ok?
Lapis: No. Something is seriously wrong with me. It took me so long to learn to like this planet.
Peridot: Hey, no one said there's a rush.
Lapis: "Navy" just loves everyone and everything right away. She has no guard, no fear. I just don't get it. Why it is so easy for her when it was so hard for me?
(Everyone remain in silence as Lapis sulks at herself.)
"Navy"
Oh no! I-I didn't to make anyone upset! Oh! Maybe I just should go!
Steven: Ah... "Navy"!
Lapis: No, no. It's my problem. I didn't mean to make you feel like you don't belong here.
Peridot: Yeah. You should stay.
"Navy"
Oh! You guys! I'm so glad! I don't know where I'd go anyway. Can't go anywhere without my ship. That's the only place I ever really belonged anyways. I miss it so much.
Steven: "Navy"! We have your ship! It's right over there!
"Navy"
You do?
("Navy" looks over at the Roaming Eye outside the barn, slightly decorated with Christmas lights and potter lights.)
"Navy"
Wow! I didn't even notice it there!
Steven: Maybe you could uh... show us the ropes?
"Navy"
*gasps* I would love that.
[Trans. Int. the Roaming Eye]
("Navy" gives the others a ride in the ship through the sky.)
Steven: This is perfect! The Crystal Gems finally have a pilot!
Peridot: Things are going ok now, huh?
Lapis: Yeah. Yeah they are.
"Navy"
Hey Steven. Hit that button behind you and I'll show you what this baby can really do.
Steven: Uh, you mean the one right here?
"Navy"
Yeah, that's the one!
Steven: I'm gonna press it!
(Steven presses the button and the lights in the ship go out. "Navy"'s seat is encased in a light tube and the hatch of the ship open up, causing everybody else fly out and hang onto the edge of the door.)
Steven: "Navy"! Hello! "Navy"! I think something went wrong with the ship!
"Navy"
The only thing wrong... is that you're still holding on. *laughs*
Steven: Wait. This whole time, all you wanted was your ship? You could've just stolen it to begin with!
"Navy"
I could have done that, but then I would've never have gotten to see the look on your face, when you were tricked by your favorite little Ruby! *laughs again*
Lapis: What?!
Peridot: Hey! I can't hear what's happening! Is "Navy" showing us the ocean? 'Cause this is a heck of a way to do it!
Lapis: You dirty little-
("Navy" gasps as Lapis tries to climb back inside the ship. "Navy" then maneuvers the ship around the ocean to throw everybody off into the water.)
"Navy"
Bye bye!
Steven: What! Lapis, she's getting away!
Lapis: *suddenly cracks up* I was right! No one could be that well-adjusted.
(Lapis keeps laughing hysterically as the Roaming Eye warps away into space. The group then swims their way back to the shore, where they are greeted by Garnet, holding two balloons.)
Steven: Garnet!
Garnet pops the balloon reading "Welcome to the Party!" and keeps the one reading "Sorry for your Loss".
Garnet: It was still worth a shot.
(Everybody looks up at the sky, as the star iris closes over an imaginative face of "Navy" in the sky, laughing aloud as the episode ends.)
[END]