[Open Int. Beach House]
(Steven is seen standing before the painting of Rose Quartz on the stairs.)
Steven: All right, Mom. Where should you go?
(Steven takes the painting off the wall and hangs it above the Temple Gate.)
Steven: Yeah! ... Hmm.
(Steven puts the painting inside his conservatory next, leaning onto a potted plant.)
Steven: How about... Here? ... Hmm.
(Steven warps to the Temple Hand next and tries to see where he could place the painting.)
Steven: Ughh...
(Steven continues trying out different places to put the painting, such as his bed, outside on the Beach house, his bathroom and finally, back to its original placement.)
Steven: Perfect. ... Ugh!
(Steven scratches his head in frustration, when Greg and Amethyst enter the house.)
Greg: Yo, Schtu-ball! Still looking for a place to hang that painting of your mom?
Steven: *sighs* Yeah. After everything that's happened, I don't know if I still want her hanging over us, you know?
Amethyst: I'm telling you, man, it's not the placement. It's the frame.
(Just then, the environment gradually gets darker and darker.)
Greg: Is it me, or is it getting kinda ominous outside?
Greg & Amethyst: Woah!
Steven: Oh-ho ho! Hey!
(Steven, Greg and Amethyst run outside to the porch to find the Human Zoo has made its way to Earth.)
[Trans. Int. Steven Conservatory]
(Steven enters his conservatory to make contact with the Zoomans on his Diamond control panel.)
Wy-Six: Ste-van! Greetings!
Steven: Jay-Ten, Wy-Six, how'd you get your space station all the way here?
Wy-Six: We took the Zoo ship and made it a cruise ship.
(Greg and Amethyst walk into the room.)
Greg: Oh hey, Jay-Ten... Wy-Six... I haven't seen y'all since the Choosening.
Wy-Six: You mean since you didn't choosen us?
(Jay-Ten turns a cold shoulder to Greg and walks away.)
Wy-Six: Don't you have some sound discs to listen to in your wheeled conveyance?
Greg: Y-Yes, I do...
(Greg backs away slowly, as Wy-Six glares at him with a pouty face.)
Wy-Six: Now that he is gone, we'd love it if you came by for a visit.
Steven: Sure thing. I-Is it ok if Amethyst comes by to say hi to the Famethyst?
Wy-Six: As long as she is not Ga-reg, she's welcome.
[Trans. Int. Human Zoo]
(Steven and Amethyst enter the Human Zoo, which has gotten a huge overhaul. The Famethyst and Zoomans are seen chilling out and enjoying life together.)
Wy-Six: Ste-van, welcome to our ca-ruise!
Steven: Wy-Six, it's so different here!
Wy-Six: Humans have control of the ship now, while the Amethysts laze about like delinquents all day. Did I say that right, Holly Blue?
(Wy-Six turns to Holly Blue Agate, who is seen yelling at an Amethyst, who is ignoring her while relaxing.)
Holly Blue: Stop relaxing and get back to your posts! Ugh! How can you stand this total lack of order?
An Amethyst: Chill out, Holly Blue. You know you want to. *places a flower crown on Holly Blue's head*
Holly Blue: I give up. No one answers to me, and I answer to no one. I'd give anything for an order from the Diamonds, but all they talk about is "Steven, Steven, Steven-" Steven!
Steven: Hi, Holly! (Holly Blue Agate awkwardly salutes to Steven while blushing in embarrassment, and quickly walks away.) Bye, Holly.
(Holly Blue Agate runs away, still blushing in embarrassment, as the Famethyst laugh at her.)
Amethyst: YO! Famethyst~
The Famethyst: Amethyst!
(Amethyst charges up a spin-dash and rolls straight into the Famethyst, crashing into them like bowling pins and knocking them over.)
The Famethyst: We missed you! Aw, yeah!
(Amethyst and the Famethyst laugh together in joy, while a happy Steven watches.)
Wy-Six: Ste-van, I have some special friends who wish to meet you. Isn't that wonderful?
(Wy-Six leads Steven out of the Zoo and they begin walking through a tunnel hallway.)
Steven: They want to meet me?
Wy-Six: Yes. It was they who wanted us to visit Earth.
(Wy-Six leads Steven to the door leading into Rose Quartz Bubble Room.)
Wy-Six: I cannot wait to see the look upon your face when you see their faces.
(Wy-Six opens the door, revealing "Shy" Rose Quartz standing at the doorway. Steven's face tenses in shock by the sheer and striking appearance of the Rose Quartz to his mom.)
Wy-Six: Yes! This is the look I wished to see!
("Superfan" and "Hippie" Rose Quartzes then rush out the door, joining "Shy" Rose Quartz's side. Steven glances past the three Rose Quartzes into the room and gasps in surprise.)
Steven: So... many... Rose Quartzes...?
(In the room, many Rose Quartzes, now unbubbled and free, are seen relaxing and enjoying in their own recreation too, as the door shuts behind the three Rose Quartzes.)
Steven: H-How did the-
"Superfan" Rose: Oh, now that it's Era 3, we were all unbubbled, so now, we're making up for lost time. Hi! I'm Rose Quartz! *shakes Steven's hand* And you, you're Steven! *lifts him up* You are so much smaller than I imagined! Is it because you're half organic? Can you believe it, Rose Quartz!? *shows Steven to "Hippie" Rose Quartz*
"Hippie" Rose: It's like, we were bubbled, but now we're like, not bubbled.
Steven: Th- It's really- It's really great.
"Superfan" Rose: Oh, isn't Steven wonderful? He's just so supportive and kind and handsome and athletic and smart, and we haven't seen the Earth since we emerged, so what's it like, Steven?
("Shy" Rose peeks from behind "Hippie" Rose, and Steven gets distracted from her appearance again.)
Steven: Huh? What?
"Superfan" Rose: The Earth! We haven't seen the surface in forever. *puts Steven down on the ground* What's a typical day like for the legend?
Steven: Uh, most days, I'm pretty busy. I get up kind of early and-
"Hippie" Rose: What's your house like?
Steven: Uhh... It's nice. It's next to the ocean.
"Superfan" Rose: I've never seen the ocean!
"Hippie" Rose: I've never smelled the ocean.
("Superfan"and "Hippie" Rose place their hands on Steven's shoulders, as he grows increasingly disturbed.)
"Superfan" Rose: What's it like breathing?
Steven: It's mostly nitrogen. Connie says that-
"Hippie" Rose: I bet you sleep all the time.
Steven: Huh... not all the time.
"Superfan" Rose: What's it like eating food?
Steven: Wh-Wh-Why don't you come to dinner and find out?!?
(Steven chuckles as he looks at "Shy" Rose in unease.)
Steven: I mean.. if-if you want dinner?
(At that moment, the Famethyst parade past in a conga line, chanting "Da-da da-da da... DA!" on repeat.)
Amethyst: Yo, Steven!-
(Amethyst's face instantly tenses up in shock too, upon seeing the Rose Quartzes beside Steven.)
Steven: F-Family reunion...!
(Amethyst continues staring in shock, as she and the Famethyst parade away.)
[Trans. Int. Beach House]
(Back home, Steven eats his dinner while the three Rose Quartzes, Garnet and Pearl watch on.)
"Superfan" Rose: He's cutting one of those carrot beans again. Going... up... to... his... mouth! Ah, and it's gone! Wow! No one can eat a carrot bean like you.
Steven: I've been doing this for 16 years, now. I'd hope-
Greg: Hey, Schtu-ball. *enters the house, dejected* Any idea how long the Zoomans are going to be around? I haven't had this many exes show up at once since-
"Superfan" Rose: Hi! How are you?
(Greg halts in his track upon seeing the Rose Quartzes, as Pearl gives him an unassuring shrug.)
Greg: I can feel the rest of my hair falling out.
Steven: Dad, wait. You want to join us for dinner?
Greg: Nope!
(Without hesitation, Greg runs out of the house, leaving Steven in slight dejection.)
Steven: Uh...
"Superfan" Rose: All right! Back to this eating thing. *takes Steven's plate* So, you take this food stuff, and you put it in your face hole like this!
Steven: Yeah, you got it.
(Pearl looks down at the table in discomfort, when "Hippie" Rose begins talking to her.)
"Hippie" Rose: You know, if I could have had a Pearl, I would've wanted her to be just like you. Have you tried this "butter" stuff? *pushes a stick of butter to Pearl*
Pearl: Oh, it's okay, but thank you, Ro-o-o-ose... *gets uncomfortable*
"Shy" Rose: Excuse me, Pearl. Are you feeling okay?
Pearl: *sighs* I'm going to the bathroom!
(Pearl gets off from the table and walks towards Steven's Bathroom. "Hippie" Rose then turns her attention to Garnet)
"Hippie" Rose: Hey, you're looking kind of tense. How about I give you a nice, relaxing massage while we talk?
Garnet: I'm also going to the bathroom. *gets up and leaves too*
"Superfan" Rose: Okay, Steven. I totally got this eating thing down! Here, open your face hole. *feeds Steven a carrot* Oh, wow! Good job!
Steven: Mmm, thank you. I should, uh, probably see how they're doing in there.
"Superfan" Rose: We'll come with you!
Steven: Uh, that's- that's okay. You guys wait here. I'll be right back. *backs away*
"Hippie" Rose: Let's check it out when they're done.
Steven: *holds onto the bathroom door handle* They're not her. It's not weird.
[Trans. Int. Steven's Bathroom]
(Steven opens the bathroom door and enters.)
Steven: How are you guys doing?
Pearl: Steven, isn't this super weird!?
Garnet: Pearl... Of course it's super weird!
Steven: *closes the door behind him* Come on, we can't be like this. They were bubbled just because they look like Mom. Now, they're finally free, and we're ditching them to whisper in the bathroom for the same reason?
Garnet: I know it's wrong, but... I'm overwhelmed.
Pearl: They don't just look like her, they are like her. She made them. I thought I'd be more ready for this...
Steven: Okay, fine, stay here. But I'm going back out there to make sure they have a good time.
[Trans. Int. Beach House]
(Steven exits the bathroom, sighing, and bumps into "Superfan" Rose unexpectedly, who grabs his hands and twirls him around.)
"Superfan" Rose: *squealing* Hello, Steven!
Steven: *chuckling nervously* Sorry, you surprised me. But it- it's fine.
(Steven back away, only to bumps into "Shy" Rose behind him. "Shy" Rose then notices the painting of Rose Quartz by the stairs, and seems to understand.)
"Shy" Rose: Maybe, we should get back. We don't want to wear out our welcome.
"Hippie" Rose: But we're having so much fun.
"Superfan" Rose: Do you not want us here?
Steven: What? No! Yo-you're totally welcome here. You- You should... stay over!
"Superfan" Rose: For the night?
Steven: Mmm... *reluctantly* Slumber party! We should have an Earth-style slumber party!
"Hippie" Rose: Cool. What is slumber?
"Superfan" Rose: This is so great! I'm dying! I'm dying! I am dead! I am dead Rose Quartz!
(Steven chuckles nervously at "Superfan" Rose's morbid exaggeration.)
[Trans. Int. Steven's Room]
(It is night-time, Steven and the Rose Quartzes are watching movie on his TV in his bedroom.)
"Superfan" Rose: Wow, so that's a movie? Let's watch another!
Steven: Take your pick.
"Superfan" Rose: How about this one?
"Hippie" Rose: This is like, so chill.
Steven: *chuckles anxiously* I know, right?
("Superfan" Rose enters the tape into the TV player, and Rose's message to Steven begins to play.)
Rose Quartz (TV)
"Steven, we can't both exist."
Steven: GAAH!
Rose Quartz (TV)
"I'm going to become half-"
Steven: *hastily shuts off the TV* Time for bed!
[Time-Skip]
(Steven puts the Rose Quartzes into sleeping bags, zipping "Superfan" Rose's one up to her chin, and turns off the lights)
Steven: Is everyone comfortable?
"Superfan" Rose: Yep!
("Shy" Rose remains silent.)
"Hippie" Rose: Me too.
Steven: Good! I'm also very comfortable.
"Superfan" Rose: So, how do you sleep?
Steven: You just lay down, close your eyes, and don't say anything.
"Superfan" Rose: It's a shame we're leaving tomorrow.
Steven: Yeah, I wish you could just... stay here forever...!
"Superfan" Rose: Do you mean it?
"Hippie" Rose: Of course, he means it. Why would he say it if he didn't mean it?
"Superfan" Rose: Then yes! The answer is yes! We would love to live with you!
Steven: *taken aback* Aah! I mean, you c-c-c-could, but then, uhh... L-Lion might get mad...? He can be very territorial and, uh-
"Shy" Rose: Can't you guys take a hint? He doesn't want us to be here! He doesn't like us.
"Hippie" Rose: What?
"Superfan" Rose: There's no way that's true, right, Steven- *gasps loudly* Your face!
Steven: *chewing his blanket in anxiety* It's not that I don't like you. It's- It's j-just...
"Superfan" Rose: Wow, he really does hate us.
"Shy" Rose: I'm going back to the ship. *gets up* Sorry for bothering you, Steven. *leaves by the balcony*
"Hippie" Rose: Man, this is such a bummer. *leaves too*
"Superfan" Rose: *sniffles* Never meet your heroes.
("Superfan" Rose sobs loudly and hops away, still cocooned in her sleeping bag.)
Steven: Aww... Wait!
[Trans. Int. Steven's Conservatory]
("Shy" and "Hippie" Rose stand on the Warp Pad, preparing to leave, as "Superfan" Rose hops in.)
"Hippie" Rose: Let's get out of here.
"Superfan" Rose: I'm trying! I-I just got to get this sleepy sack off!
Steven: Wait! *runs in* Please, please don't leave like this! I- I'm really sorry. It's not like I don't like you or don't want you here. It's just that... you look so much like her; like my Mom. I thought I was ready to move on and not have her hanging over me anymore, but I can barely be in a room with you because I still feel all twisted up about her. I've been pretending that I'm fine because it's not your fault, but... I'm not fine...
"Shy" Rose: We've been pretending, too.
Steven: Huh?
"Shy" Rose: To be fine.
"Superfan" Rose: We're not pretending! We're having so much fun!
"Hippie" Rose: Come on, let's give it a rest.
"Superfan" Rose: Fine...
"Shy" Rose: Your mom created us, too, and got us all bubbled, just for being Rose Quartzes.
"Hippie" Rose: But, you know, it's cool. It's whatever.
"Shy" Rose: It's not whatever. I don't expect you to understand. I swore I wouldn't talk about this.
Steven: But I do understand. Ah, man... If anyone can understand how you feel, it's me. I've been thinking about you guys like my mom times three, but we're really more like siblings.
"Superfan" Rose: Siblings? What's that?
Steven: Well, Mom created all of us, and we've all been living in her shadow. *unzips "Superfan" Rose from her sleeping bag* We'll always be related to her, but that means, we'll always be related to each other.
"Superfan" Rose: That's pretty awesome!
"Hippie" Rose: I'm so glad we're related.
"Superfan" Rose: Yeah! Siblings forever! *hugs Steven and giggles*
Steven: So, wait. Do you all still want to live here?
"Superfan" Rose: Oh gosh, no! I don't know why I said that.
Steven: Well, feel free to visit if you want. N-No pressure.
"Shy" Rose: Thanks, Steven.
Steven: Later, Rose Quartz.
(Steven waves goodbye as the three Rose Quartzes warp away in content, just when Amethyst warps back in.)
Amethyst: Famethyst for life! What'd I miss?
[Trans. Int. Beach House]
(Back home,  Steven sleeps in peace in his bed, while Lion sleeps nearby. The painting of Rose Quartz is now stashed away inside Lion's mane, no longer hanging over everyone's head.)
[END]