[Open Int. Beach House]
(Steven is eating a can of cream corn on the kitchen counter, as he dramatically narrates his actions.)
Steven: This is it, folks. Rookie sensation Steven Universe readies his last spoon full of Colonel Kernel's Classic Creamed Corn. As the crowd waits with bated breath, one bite between him... and destiny. *takes an spoonful of cream corn and swallows it* And he's done it! He's eaten four cans of creamed corn!
(The Temple Gate opens and the Gems walk out of Pearl's Room.)
Pearl: Good afternoon, Steven.
Steven: Guys, check this out! *gathers the empty cans off the kitchen counter*
Amethyst: Stoo-man in the house! Whatcha got? Whatcha got?
Steven: I got four empty cans of Colonel Kernel's Classic Creamed Corn!
Garnet: ... Cool.
Steven: Yeah, and on the back, are five dollar coupons for mini-golf. I ate four cans, so we all can go together.
Pearl: That's so thoughtful, Steven. Unfortunately though, uhh...
Amethyst: *shrugs* We gotta go on a mission...
Steven: What? *drops the cans in shock* Not again! But you guys promised we'd hang out!
Garnet: A dangerous artifact has appeared in the Northern Hemisphere, we need to go retrieve it. *walks towards the Warp Pad*
Steven: But mini-golf is so much fun! There's castles, and windmills, and I like it, and- oh look, look what I brought! *runs to the living room* I pulled out my dad's old clubs and also found a pair of his old golf pants. They're a little big on me, but you can wear them, Garnet!
(Pearl and Amethyst chuckle while Garnet's face remains expressionless. The Gems then step on the warp pad.)
Amethyst: See ya, buddy!
Pearl: We'll bring you something back!
(The Gems warp away. Steven sighs heavily and falls backwards onto the ground.)
Steven: Well, you're not the only ones with a dangerous adventure to tackle.
(Steven starts to play Mini Golf Quest and eat chips. In-game, a professor hands the player a golf club.)
Steven: Awww yeah! You received the Mythril Putter! *imitates game sound and starts reading the characters' dialogues* "Don't worry Professor. We're gonna sink 'em all!" *chuckles*
(Steven advances in the game, when he encounters his first in-game enemy, a walking windmill.)
Steven: Uh oh. Oh windmill. Why must we always fight? *begins fighting the windmill enemy* Man, it would've been just like this!
(Steven keeps playing until the next day. He eventually made it to and defeats the final boss, revealing to be the professor at the start of the game.)
Steven: "I can't lose! I am the greatest golfer in the Universe!" *makes explosion sounds, as the game ends, and laughs* Alright! Secret ending!
Pearl: Hey, Steven! We're back~!
Steven: Hey.
(A cutscene from the game begins to play on the TV screen. The main in-game character, named Ace, stands in front of a mechanical door.)
Ace: Project F.L.O.G! That's "golf" backwards.
(Ace opens the door and finds a cryogenic capsule inside.)
Ace: What is this?
(Amethyst suddenly pops in from above and blocks Steven's view.)
Amethyst: HEY, STEVEN! Wanna hear about where we've been?
Steven: Un— Oh! Wait! Wait, hold on! *pushes Amethyst's head aside*
Ace: *wiping the fog on the cryogenic capsule* June 9, 2014? But that was the date he disappeared!
(Amethyst then tumbles in front of Steven, completely blocking his view.)
Steven: Hey!
Garnet: Steven! Look at this. *plants an artifact on the bedroom floor*
(Ace keeps talking in the background.)
Amethyst: It's the Wailing Stone we found!
Garnet: The Wailing Stone I found.
Pearl: Isn't it neat? It uses high-frequency sound waves as a message relay...
Steven: *trying to watch the game cutscene* Guuuys!
Pearl: ...Between two fixed points in space and time!
Amethyst: Look, you just have to push this! *presses the top of the Wailing Stone*
(The Wailing Stone activates and emits a loud piercing noise, forcing everyone to cover their ears and even breaking the TV. Pearl quickly pushes the top of the Wailing Stone, turning it off.)
Pearl: Amethyst, I told you not to turn it on the house!
Amethyst: Hahaha! Chill out, P. It's not like anyone got hurt, and Steven loved it! *sees a dazed Steven* Steven?
Steven: THAT WAS THE SECRET ENDING! Now I have to replay the final dungeon all over again! It's not fair! I can't go mini-golfing, I can't play my game, I can't stop going into the bathroom because I ate all that Creamed Corn, so much corn... *sighs* I just wish I had a place for myself.
(Steven's gem suddenly starts glowing, and he lifts up his shirt to inspect it.)
Steven: Huh? My gem!
(A hum is heard from the Temple Gate as the Crystal Gems turn toward it. Rose's Symbol begins to glow as well on the Temple Gate.)
Pearl: Rose's door. Steven, your gem is opening your mother's room.
(The door opens up with Rose's symbol and reveals a doorway glowing in light pink.)
Steven: *approaches the doorway* Woah...
(The Gems collectively warn Steven.)
Pearl & Amethyst: Steven, wait!
Garnet: Steven, don't go in there!
Steven: It's never about what I wanna do, is it? Well now we have a place where I'm going and YOU CAN'T COME!! *stomps into the room*
Pearl, Amethyst, & Garnet: STEVEN!
(The door closes up behind Steven, separating him from the Gems.)
Steven: YES!
[Trans. Int. Rose's Room]
(The door poofs into pink clouds and disappears...)
Steven: Woah... *starting walking and looking around the room* So this is my mom's room? She must've liked clouds a lot. But what kind of room doesn't even have a bed?
(A bed suddenly appears underneath Steven.)
Steven: Woah! Cool! Hm... This bed is pretty nice. But you know what would be really nice? Quadruple-bunk beds!
(The bed elevates Steven up high and turns into a quadruple bunk bed complex.)
Steven: With a slide! (A slide appears beside the top bed, and Steven get on it.) WOO-HOO! *launches from the slide into the air* A parachute! (A parachute appears on Steven's back, gently carrying him to the ground, before disappearing) Ehehehe. What next? Hmmmm... Ummmm... A Tiny Floating Whale?
(The Tiny Floating Whale appears in front of Steven and makes tiny whale sounds.)
Steven: *giggles* Wow! Here I can get anything I ask for! But you know what I really want? I wanna see the end of my game, without being interrupted!
(A TV with Golf Quest Mini playing on it pops-in. Steven and the Tiny Whale high-fives. The secret ending cutscene continues, as Ace opens the cryogenic capsule, a man emerges and sits upright from it.)
Ace's Father: It's me, your father! After decades of cryostation, I'm finally free!
(The cutscene ends with Ace and his father standing on and overlooking from a hill.)
Ace: Saving the day is just par for the course.
Steven: Awesome! *yawns* Hmm... I'm kinda hungry now.
(A donut appears.)
Steven: *laughs* Alright! *tries to eat the donut, but it poofs away* Wha...? Hey! I want a real donut!
(Another donut appears. Steven tries to eat it, and again, it poofs away.)
Steven: What?! Can you believe this?
(The Tiny Floating Whale responds in tiny whale sounds.)
Steven: Now I have to go out for donuts!
(A door appears and Steven exits through it.)
Steven: Don't get excited, guys. I'm only back for a second.
(Steven comes back to an empty house, when the Gems nowhere to be found.)
Steven: Well, good! I didn't want to see you anyway.
(Steven them makes his way to the Big Donut.)
Steven: Hey! How's my favorite fine foods franchise? So, I'm thinking... Double chocolate cinnamon twist with sprinkles on the side. You know I like to dip.
(Sadie and Lars just stand at the counter and smiling away.)
Steven: Uhhh... Steven to Sadie and Lars!... Is this like a joke or something?
Sadie & Lars: "Hello, Steven. What kinda donut would you like?"
Steven: Uhh, I just said-
Sadie & Lars: "It's very nice to see you, Steven!"
Steven: Well, it's very nice to see you, too!
Sadie & Lars: "Here are your donuts!"
Steven: Wait, you guys, I only ordered-
Sadie & Lars: "OK, we love you, Steven! Bye bye, now!"
(Sadie and Lars retreat backward to the back of the store.)
Steven: Wait, where are you guys going?! I still haven't paid for these! You guys, hold on a- *pause* ...sec.
(Steven exits the building through the back door and finds that the sky has turned dark, and the town of Beach City looking rather desolate. He looks around and sees Onion standing under a streetlight.)
Steven: Huh? Hey, Onion! Have you seen Lars and Sadie? They should have just been out here! (Onion just glances and grins at Steven.) Hey, if you see them, let me know. Okay? Here, have a donut. *pokes Onion with the donut, and he does not react* I'll leave it here for you. *puts the donut on Onion's head* See you later!
(Steven walks along the boardwalk to search for Lars and Sadie, passing by Beach Citywalk Fries without noticing Frybo standing inside the counter.)
Steven: All the lights are on. But no one is here... *suddenly notices Frybo and walks back to the fries shop* Peedee?!
(Frybo puts a plate of fry bits on the counter.)
Steven: Oh, fry bits. Usually I'm all about the bits. But I'm feeling kinda spooked right now.
(Frybo keeps putting plates of fry bits in the same place, the plates seemingly merging together, and Steven gets frightened.)
Steven: GAH! Uh, you know what? I think I'm gonna look around some more. See you later, Frybo! *runs off*
(Steven continues walking around Beach City, exploring Beach City Funland first. He then walks towards Funland Arcade, when the lights and games suddenly turn on, which spooked Steven.)
Steven: Ah! *runs away, breathing heavily*
(Steven then stops by the beach, where he finds Connie standing and staring out to sea.)
Steven: Connie! I can't believe it's you. When did you get back in town? Huh?
(Steven sees the tides of the sea jerking back and forth unnaturally.)
Steven: AH! The water! Connie, what's happening? Where is everyone?
Connie: *turns around with blank eyes* "He was INCREDIBLE!"
Steven: Huh?
Connie: "He was INCREDIBLE!"
(Steven falls backwards in shock. He looks around and find the other Beach City's residents standing still with blank expressions behind him.)
Connie: "He was INCREDIBLE!"
Steven: Wha... What?!
Connie: "He was INCREDIBLE!"
Steven: Get me out of here!
(Connie keeps chanting "He was incredible!" as Steven runs past the different residents.)
Steven: What's wrong with your faces? Lion, you too?!
Connie: *echo* "He was INCREDIBLE!"
(Steven keeps running, but suddenly finds himself treading in nothing but water everywhere.)
Steven: Can someone please explain this?! Huh?
(Steven suddenly sinks in the water, and emerges from the ground in front of It's a Wash.)
Steven: Ah!
Greg: *exits the building* Steven!
Steven: Dad! Is that you?
Greg: What? Of course! You doing alright? You look like you saw a ghost. Either that, or you stayed up all night playing a video game.
Steven: Dad, I'm freaking out. I feel like I'm stuck inside of some crazy dream!
Greg: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Why don't we share some of those donuts and you can tell me about this crazy night you're having? *starts to eat a donut*
Steven: The Gems were trying to tell me something about Mom's Room. But I was so mad that I didn't listen. They're always leaving me behind, and... I guess I wanted to do it to them, too.
Greg: That's not so bad. Everyone needs some alone time now and then. *starts air-guitaring*
Steven: *laughs* Yeah. It was really fun for a while. But now, the whole city; everyone and everything is acting really weird.
Greg: Well the important thing is you told the truth.
Steven: Yeah, I... guess I did.
(Greg air-guitars again.)
Steven: Uh, Dad? Your advice is making less sense than usual.
Greg: Well the important thing is family and friendship, honesty values, and no one got arrested. *air-guitars again*
(Steven tries to eat the donut in his hands, but it poofs away into clouds.)
Steven: AH! I'm still in the room! All of this, it's all a FAKE-A-ROO!
(Greg air-guitars again and then disappears, along with his van.)
Steven: *gasps* AAH! This is all wrong! Huh? Ah!
(Steven then begins to see Beach City vanishing piece by piece, along with its residents. He starts to run up to a hill to escape the vanishing town. However, the hill begins to vanish too, and Steven falls into a void.)
Steven: Uh! AAAAH!!! I don't want this!
Tiny Floating Whale: *pops in, with Rose's voice* What do you want, Steven?
Steven: I want to be back with the Gems!
(Steven tries to hug the Whale, but she poofs away too. Steven then curls up in a fetal position.)
[Trans. Int. Beach House]
(Steven is seen catapulting out of Rose's room, hitting Garnet in the face, and they both collapse onto the floor.)
Garnet: Oof!
Steven: *gasps* Garnet! *bites Garnet's arm*
Garnet: Ow.
Steven: *gasps* You're not clouds!
Amethyst: Alright, Steven! *bites Pearl's arm*
Pearl: *in pain* AGHUUHH!!!
Steven: Guys, it was awful! I was trapped in a messed up version of Beach City. Everyone was acting super weird and...
Amethyst: Rose's room built the whole town?!
Pearl: *hits Amethyst's face with her elbow* It can't handle a task like that! Thank goodness you're OK!
Steven: *sighs* I'm sorry I got mad, guys. I get it now. Things can't always go exactly how I want.
Pearl: Oh Steven, we're sorry, too.
Amethyst: Mm-hmm.
Garnet: But guess what? We have time to hang out, now.
Steven: *gasps*
[Trans. Int. Mini Golf Course]
Steven: I always get what I want!
(Garnet, wearing Greg's golf pants, lightly putts a golf ball into a hole while Amethyst watches. The star iris then zooms in on Steven's face, ending the episode.)
[END]