[Open Int. Gem Battlefield]
(Steven is walking through the Gem battlefield, covered in strawberry bushes, with the Gem and Lion.)
Steven: This place is even bigger and more weapon-y than I remember.
Pearl: This was a site of a historic battle. Every weapon here was left by a Gem over 5,000 years ago. I don't like to disturb it, but Garnet said we can't just leave these lying around.
(Garnet picks up a giant battle-axe and hoists it over her shoulder.)
Garnet: Never know when you might need one of these.
Steven: I need one of those all the time!
Pearl: Why don't you look for one that's more... you?
Steven: Okay! Lion, come help me look.
(Lion start a butterfly and walks away after it.)
Steven: Aw, come on.
Pearl: You really need to train that thing better.
Steven: Oh, we've been making progress, now he looks at me when I say his name!
(Steven begins to repeatedly call Lion's name, but Lion ignores him and starts digging in the ground.)
Steven: Uh, sometimes...
(Lion's digging reveals a pink object in the dirt.)
Pearl: What's he got now?
(Lion lifts the object up in his mouth, revealing to be a scabbard.)
Pearl: *gasps* That's the scabbard for Rose's sword! *tries to snatch it from Lion's mouth* Gimme! Gimme! *takes hold of the scabbard and waves her hand at Lion* Shoo, shoo.
(Lion grunts at Pearl, unamused.)
Steven: Mom fought here?
Pearl: That's right! And I fought alongside her.
Amethyst: Man, I wish I could've seen it!
Garnet: No, you don't. Countless Gems were broken here. It was a maelstrom of destruction and death.
Pearl: *jumps in* But we won! Your mother led us to glorious victory! The odds were against us, and our hearts were uncertain. But we chose to fight alongside Rose, and here we made our stand against our Homeworld!
[Trans. Int. Beach House]
(The Crystal Gems warp back home, with the weapons they have gathered from the battlefield.)
Amethyst: This is great! My room's been needing another pile.
Garnet: Amethyst! Help me with this axe.
(Amethyst and Garnet try to fit the battle-axe through the Temple Gate, conservating and making a commotion in the background.)
Pearl: It's been ages... *looks at the scabbard and blushes*
Amethyst (background)
Turn it clockwise! No, your other clockwise!
(Steven stares at Pearl.)
Pearl: W-What is it, Steven?
Steven: What was Mom like?
Pearl: She was courageous, and brilliant... *looks at the painting of Rose* And beautiful... Sometimes, you look so much like her.
Steven: Really...?
(Steven and Pearl look behind briefly at the commotion Amethyst and Garnet are causing.)
Amethyst (background)
Yeah, lift it backwards!
Garnet (background)
You mean "pull!"
Amethyst (background)
Yeah, "pull," sure.
Pearl: Hey, Steven... Maybe you should hold onto this. *hands Steven the scabbard*
Steven: Woah... Thanks, Pearl. If anything tries to eat me, I'll bop them with this! *swings the scabbard*
Pearl: That's just the scabbard, Steven. It held your mother's sword. Nothing else could fit so perfectly inside. For all this time it's been... incomplete.
Steven: Well, let's complete it. Where's the sword?
(Garnet manages to fit the battle-axe through the door.)
Amethyst: That's it! Yeah, you got it! *runs through the door, and it closes behind her*
Pearl: Can you keep a secret?
Steven: A secret?!
Pearl: *covers Steven's mouth* Shh! It's a secret, even to Garnet and Amethyst. Rose had a place that she kept hidden from all but me, but you have her gem. That place is yours now, and I can show it to you!
Steven: Uh, okay.
(Steven and Pearl warp into a canyon, with Steven looking extremely confident.)
Pearl: Now it's just a three-hour hike that way, followed by a vertical climb at 90 degrees. Think you can handle it?
(Steven's confidence quickly fades away. Time passes, as Pearl climbs up the mountains with Steven strapped onto her back.)
Pearl: I was your mother's sole confidant— for the words she could share with no one else, I was there to listen.
Steven: Why'd she keep so many secrets?
Pearl: She had to, Steven! It's the mark of a great leader, knowing just what to keep hidden from everyone you're trying to protect. Everyone except me! *chuckles*
(The pair eventually reaches the top and arrive at a huge platform in the middle of a flooded cave.)
Pearl: Welcome to Rose's Secret Armory! *smiles widely*
Steven: Woah... I've been here before!
Pearl: *smile quickly fades away* Wha— ? You must be thinking of someplace else, I'm the only other Crystal Gem that's witnessed the Armory's magnificence before now.
Steven: Nuh-uh, Lion showed me.
Pearl: The lion?!
(Steven beckons Pearl and they walk towards the center of the platform.)
Steven: Yeah! There's all kinds of great stuff hidden in here.
(The platform begins to glow as Steven steps on it, startling Pearl a bit.)
Pearl: I know! That's why I brought you here! Now let me show you how you can access the artillery.
Steven: That's okay! I can do it without you. Wham!
(Steven walks up and presses his hand on the hand pedestal. Nothing happens for a brief moment.)
Steven: Oh, right! *pokes himself in the cheek, and the armory activates* We got some... axes.
Pearl: The Axes of Ages?
Steven: *pokes his side* Oh! We got spikey chain lady and her metal dealies.
Pearl: The Heretic's Anguish?!
Steven: We got a... *pokes his side again* O-oh! Three pack of laser light cannons.
Pearl: The Quartizine Trio!
Steven: *pokes his nose* Boop! And... a whole lot of these armor guys.
Pearl: *gets frustrated* The Armor of the Fallen!
Steven: ... What were we looking for?
Pearl: Her sword! Your mother's sword! *projects a hologram of the sword* It's a straight bladed saber that's pink with a red handle. There are vines etched in the guard that connect to a rose-shaped pommel.
Steven: Oh, I know where that is.
Pearl: (The hologram turns into a exclamation mark.) *dumbfounded* Huh?
[Trans. Int. Beach House]
(Steven approaches to pull Rose's Sword out of Lion's mane as the Gems watch.)
Steven: ♫ Dadadadada... Here it is! ♫
Pearl: Rose's sword, how did it get in there?
Steven: I don't know. *hands the sword to Pearl, and she slots it in the scabbard* But there's a ton of stuff in there, I keep stuff in him too.
(He jumps into Lion's mane and jumps out riding his bike.)
Steven: Ta-da!
Pearl: But how?
(Pearl tries to enter Lion's mane, but he growls at her.)
Pearl: Does Lion have something to do with Rose?
Amethyst: Oh... of course! THAT'S why he's pink!
Garnet: It's a little obvious.
Pearl: But... Rose didn't have a lion.
(Steven puts his helmet and bike back into Lion.)
Steven: It seems like her stuff in there.
Pearl: NO! Rose didn't have a lion, because if Rose had a lion I would have known about it!
Garnet: Rose kept many things secret, even from us.
Pearl: But not from me, I was the one she told everything!! *starts tearing up*
Amethyst: Yo, you're not the ONLY one who misses her!
Pearl: YOU can't understand how I feel, NONE of you had what we had!
Steven: She probably just wanted to protect you, like everyone else.
Pearl: WHAT DO YOU KNOW?!?! YOU'VE NEVER EVEN MET HER!!!!!
(Pearl slams her fist into the wall, which causes the painting of Rose to fall. Pearl gasps and Garnet quickly catches it. Pearl looks at Steven and then runs off.)
Amethyst: Fine, go! Go cry about it!
(Pearl warps away, as Garnet hangs the painting back on the wall.)
Steven: Where did she go?
Amethyst: Who cares? I HATE it when she gets like this.
Steven: Garnet?
(Garnet does not reply, and Steven wipes his tear in his eyes.)
Steven: Is she okay?
(Garnet does not reply again.)
Steven: Well, I am going to find her *turns to Lion* Do you know where she went?
(Lion growls in response.)
Steven: I'm going to assume that means you do. *hops on Lion's back* Let's go find Pearl!
(Lion opens a portal with his magical roar and jumps in with Steven.)
Garnet: Good luck.
[Trans. Int. Gem Battlefield, Night time]
(Steven and Lion arrive at the Gem Battlefield and spot Pearl standing alone, embracing Rose's sword.)
Steven: Pearl?
Pearl: *quickly runs off* Leave me alone!
(Steven and Lion begins chasing after her, catching up to her with Lion's portals.)
Steven: Wait for me!
(Pearl runs in a different direction and jumps off a cliff onto floating chunks of earth.)
Pearl: Get that thing away from me!
Steven: You better sit this one out, Lion.
(Steven gets off Lion and starts jumping across the chunks of earth too.)
Steven: Okay, I've had a talk with Lion, he's gonna, uh, chill out here, uh, we're alone now, nice and private.
(Pearl ignores Steven continues to jump higher, while Steven struggles to catch up.)
Steven: Good idea, I'll meet you at the top.
(Steven eventually arrives at the top-most chunk. Pearl stands on a huge platform, separated by a large gap in between Steven and her.)
Steven: This is really hard to do in sandals. *chuckles*
Pearl: Go away!
Steven: Pearl! Did I... did I do something wrong? You got to tell me!
(Steven attempts to jump across the gap to reach Pearl, but falls when he sees her anguished face.)
Pearl: STEVEN!
(Steven quickly grabs onto a root of the platform at the last second and climbs back up.)
Steven: PEARL! Pearl, you have to tell me what's wrong.
Pearl: Sometimes, you even sound like her... Do you remember this place? Do you have any of her memories? We were right here, over 5,000 years ago.
(Pearl summons a hologram of Rose Quartz and begins to reenact an ecnounter with her.)
Holo-Rose: Pearl...
Pearl: Yes?
Holo-Rose: I'm going to stay and fight for this planet. You don't have to do this with me.
Pearl: But I want to!
Holo-Rose: I know you do. Please, please understand if we lose, we'll be killed, and if we win, we can never go home.
Pearl: But why would I ever want to go home, if you're here?
(Holo-Rose chuckles and offers her hand to Pearl.)
Holo-Rose: My Pearl.
Pearl: You're wonderful...
(Pearl grasps Holo-Rose's hand, and the hologram disappears soon after.)
Pearl: Everything I ever did, I did for her. Now she's gone, but I'm still here. Sometimes, I wonder if she can see me through your eyes. *sighs* What would she think of me now?
(Steven struggles to comprehend her feelings and hugs Pearl from behind.)
Steven: Well... I think you're pretty great.
(Pearl begins to cry and the pair embraces each other for a while. They eventually return back to Lion, and Pearl returns Rose's Sword back into Lion's mane. Steven pulls out a top hat and does a magic trick with Lion's mane for Pearl. Steven then jumps into Lion and comes back out with Rose's Battle Flag. Pearl, unheard, tells a story to Steven while holding her flag proudly.)
Pearl (unheard)
...and out of nowhere, when it seemed impossible, Rose charged in with me by her side!
(Steven and Pearl then ride on Lion back home, while Pearl hoists the flag over her shoulder.)
[END]