[Open Beach City Boardwalk]
(Another Beach-a-Palooza is being set up on the beach. Steven is seen handing out flyers for the music festival to the citizens of Beach City on the boardwalk. He then makes his way to the Big Donut, when Lars is just leaving the shop.)
Steven: Here you are, s- my Lars. (Lars walks away, ignoring Steven.) Uh, I'll just leave it here for you! *places the flyer on the ground*
[Int. Big Donut]
(Steven enters the donut shop.)
Steven: Sadie, my lady, I was wondering if I could hang one of these Beach-a-Palooza flyers in... *finds that Sadie is not at the counter* Sadie? Sadie?
(Steven hears music coming from the break room and peeks in to inspect. He then sees Sadie stacking boxes on shelves, dancing on a stool while singing along to "Haven't You Noticed (I'm a Star)" on a stereo.)
Sadie: ♫ I can't help it if I make a scene, / Stepping out of my hot pink limousine. / I'm turning heads, and I'm stopping traffic, / When I pose, they scream, and when I joke, they laugh. ♫
(Steven is in awe at Sadie's performing capability.)
Sadie: ♫ I've got a pair of eyes that they're getting lost in, / They're hypnotized by the way I'm walking, / I've got them dazzled like a stage magician, / When I point, they look, and when I talk, they listen, well ♫
(Steven bounces on the spot along to Sadie's singing.)
Sadie: ♫ Everybody needs a friend, / And I've got you and you and you. / So many, I can't even name them, / Can you blame me? I'm too famous-
Steven: Yeah, woo-hoo! *claps* Yeah, that was amazing! Woo-hoo-hoo, awesome!
Sadie: *throws a box away, flustered* No, I- I was just- I wasn't, uh- *turns off the stereo* Ah!
Steven: I didn't know you could sing!
Sadie: Nobody does. *sweats anxiously* So, um, do you need something?
Steven: Oh! I'm just going around helping Mr. Smiley hand out flyers for Beach-a-Palooza this year. *gasps* You should sign up!
Sadie: Uhhh, why?
Steven: Because your voice is beautiful!
Sadie: Aw, anybody can sound fine singing along with that song. It's so cheesy, and dumb, and-and catchy, and... I know every single word.
Steven: Perfect! Now you just need a routine. I can help you put one together!
Sadie: Uh, really? You think people would want to hear me sing?
Steven: Of course they would, you're great! Besides, everyone in town is doing something!
Sadie: Yeah, you know what? Yeah! Who cares, right? What am I afraid of? This could be fun!
[Trans. Int. Sadie's Room]
(Sadie leads Steven to the basement of her house.)
Steven: Your house is so cool.
Sadie: Just down here.
Steven: Woah! You sleep in a basement?
Sadie: I like to think of it like a bunker.
Steven: *sees at a huge pile of plush toys and gasps* Are these all yours?
Sadie: Yeah, but, they're not really my thing. You can have one if you want.
Steven: Err... I don't wanna break up a family!
Sadie: So, now I have the CD, I guess I can practice singing.
Steven: First we gotta figure out what you're going to wear.
Sadie: Does it matter?
Steven: Ever since my act two years ago, there's been a rule that you gotta wear clothes.
Sadie: *chuckles* Well, I wasn't planning on going in my underwear.
Steven: How about something, flashy, and sparkly, or wait, what do you think that should be your gimmick?
Sadie: Woah, no no no, no gimmicks, the singing's already a stretch. Um, maybe this? Or maybe even... *pulls out a couple of outdoor wears*
Steven: That one's pretty.
Sadie: Uh, I think its a little much, I'll use something comfortable.
(A door slam is then heard on the background and Sadie gasps in horror.)
Steven: What's that?
Sadie: Maybe we'll do this another time!
(Barbara stomps over and barges into Sadie's room.)
Barbara: Hey Sadie!
Sadie: Hi Mom. *tosses the outfits away* You're home early.
Barbara: I just had to rush home to show you this! Look at this little guy I got for you. *hands her a pink teddy bear* Ain't he the cutest?
Sadie: Oh, thanks Mom. *tosses the bear onto the pile of plush toys*
Barbara: Sadie, what are you doing hanging out with Greg's boy?
Steven: Barb! I knew you delivered mail but I didn't know you delivered Sadie!
Sadie: Yeah, my mom's the mailman.
Barbara: That she is. Best dang mailman, woman, or animal on the force. *chuckles* At least until they catch me taking from the lost mail bin. But that's between us, eh? *playfully slaps Steven in his belly* So Steven, what are your intentions with my daughter?
Steven: We're planning a stage show for- (Sadie tries to cover Steven's mouth.) Beach-a-Palooza.
(Barbara's expression becomes stunned as Steven's words repeats dramatically in her head.)
Barbara: ... What was that?
Sadie: *sighs* I'm... going to sing a song at Beach-a-Palooza.
Barbara: What!? *grabs Sadie's hands in excitement* Oh-oh-oh-oh, Sadie, you're gonna sing!?
Sadie: Yeah.
Barbara: Then c'mon! We have to start planing now! *runs to Sadie's closet* Steven! Help me find an outfit!
Steven: Okay!
Sadie: Ahh, you know I can probably do this by myself.
Barbara: It's no trouble. We'd love to help you out. Right, Steven?
Steven: Right!
Barbara: Oh! Look, its your old ballet outfit!
Steven: You're a ballerina?
Sadie: When I was like, 10.
Barbara: *tosses the ballet outfit aside* Oh! It's your swimsuit! She used to be a competitive swimmer.
Sadie: *starts blushing* For like a month, when I was 11.
Steven: Barb, what's this?
Barbara: Oh! Look! Look! *pulls out a sports attire* Remember when I used to drive you to your softball games?
Sadie: I remember when you punched the umpire.
Barbara: That's what he gets for trying to cheat MY daughter out of a double!
Sadie: And then I wasn't really allowed in the league anymore.
Barbara: Them's the breaks. So what we got planned so far for your show?
Sadie: Nothing, I guess...
Barbara: Well don't you worry, me and Steven will figure out the show for you. We'll make sure the world will hear your voice!
Sadie: Well... let's just try to keep it simple?
Barbara: What was that?
(A montage starts to play with "Haven't You Noticed (I'm a Star)" playing in the background. In the montage, Steven and Barbara assist each other in coming up with Sadie's dance routine, showing Sadie becoming less and less enthused with the process. The pair then also work on Sadie's makeup, and Sadie examines her makeup in a dresser mirror.)
Barbara: I think we did an excellent job.
Steven: We just need to tell Mr. Smiley to add our name to the flyer.
Sadie: Uh, maybe don't put my name on it... ?
Barbara: Yeah... what if she was a surprise!?
Steven: That's a great idea! She'll be a mystery final act!
[Trans. Ext. Beach-a-Palooza Stage]
(Mr. Smiley is emceeing the festival on the stage as the crowd cheers.)
Mr. Smiley: Thank you, Beach-a-Palooza! You get this next act from their day job, delivering pizza! But tonight, they're delivering jokes! ... That was a joke! Let me hear a big round of applause for Kiki and her ventriloquist dummy!
(Mr. Smiley reveals Kiki on stage, withNanefua sitting on her lap, pretending to be a ventriloquist puppet.)
Nanefua: Kiki, that rude Mr. Smiley just called me a dummy!
Kiki: That's just our act, Gunga. Why don't you show them your jokes?
Nanefua: How does a pizza tie its shoes?
Kiki: How?
Nanefua: With a garlic knot! *chuckles*
(A rimshot is played, while the crowd starts laughing. Kiki and Nanefua then walks off the stage, while Ronaldo stands near the stage waiting with his chalkboard.)
Mr. Smiley: Haha, alright! Well, we're gettin' closer to our mystery guest! Even I don't know who it is, and I'm the host! But first, Ronaldo Fryman with, "A Lecture on Rock People: Identification and Defense"!
(Ronaldo goes onstage with his chalkboard, while Steven and Barbara continue to prep with Sadie backstage.)
Steven: I can't believe it, the flyers really worked! The whole town is here, plus some!
Barbara: Oh, my Sadie, such a big star! Never even went to the prom, and look at you now!
Sadie: ... Am I on yet?
Mr. Smiley: Sadie Miller!? You're the mystery guest!? I never even would've recognized ya!
Sadie: Oh, uh, hi Mr. Smiley. (Steven begins brushing her, but Sadie pushes him away.) Uh, um, mm, how uh, how are you?
Mr. Smiley: ... I'm fine. But it looks like someone here has a case of... the "showbiz shakes". You know what a friend of mine told me once? A little smile never hurt anybody. *starts smiling widely*
(Steven and Barbara lean in, also smiling. Sadie cracks a nervous smile.)
Mr. Smiley: Aww... lookin' good!
Steven & Barbara: Thank you!
(Sadie stops smiling and sighs heavily. She then becomes agitated as Barbara starts showering her with glitter.)
Steven: More sparkles!
Barbara: Yes, sir!
Mr. Smiley: Next up, ladies and gentlemen, your mailman and mime, *chuckles* Jamie!
(Jamie goes up on stage and starts encapsulating himself in an invisible box, while old-timey piano music starts playing.)
Jenny: Oh, it's a box, he's... he's, he's doing a box.
Barbara: *gasps* Uh-oh, no more glitter. I'll have to run and get the emergency supply from the car. Guard m'girl, Steven.
(Steven nods, only to find Sadie walking off to look at the crowd.)
Steven: *gasps* Sadie, come back here!
(Sadie peers at the crowd and spots Lars hanging out with the cool kids.)
Jenny: I can't wait for this mystery act! You think it's a juggler? Maybe they'll juggle something sharp. *hands a flyer to Lars* I'm gonna have my phone ready in case someone gets hurt.
(Sadie gasps and hides backstage.)
Steven: Sadie!
Sadie: Ugh, I - I can't breathe!
(Sadie runs and gets a drink of water from the water tank, gasping heavily.)
Steven: Okay, okay, if you're not gonna come back and let me work on you, then let's work on the routine!
Sadie: Okay... just let me-
Steven: Oh, no! You ruined my lipstick! Never fear, Steven's here.
(Steven draws a crude smile over Sadie's frown. Sadie starts screaming, knocks the lid off of the water tank, and dunks her face into the water.)
Steven: Sadie...? Why did you do that?
Sadie: *pulls herself out of the tank* AGH! Because, you're just as bad as my mom!
(Sadie quickly covers her mouth, as Barbara appears with a bucket of glitter, which she drops after hearing Sadie's remark.)
Barbara: What!?
Sadie: *gets defensively* Please, Mom. Don't make me do this!
Barbara: Make you!? You said you wanted to sing!
Sadie: Yeah, I did! I did! I did, I did! Just like I say lots of things! Like, "Hey Mom, swimming looks fun," then bam, suddenly I'm anchoring a 400-meter relay for the Beach City Seals! "Hey Mom, I thought signing up for softball would be nice!" Six birthdays later, I'm still getting nothing but knee pads and batting helmets! "Hey Mom, I want to sing in this year's Beach-a-Palooza," and what do I get!? THIS! I just thought, for once, I'd get to do things my way, but you came in and took over everything like you always do!
Barbara: I just wanted everyone to know how talented my daughter is!
Sadie: This is not your daughter!
Barbara: ... I'm sorry, I didn't-
Mr. Smiley: Next up, the one you've all been waiting for, the one, the only, mystery guest!
Sadie: Aggh! How did I let this happen!? I don't wanna do this!
Steven: You never did. I-It was always me.
("Haven't You Noticed (I'm a Star)" starts playing.)
Mr. Smiley: Give it up for...
(Steven runs onstage wearing Sadie's outfit and make-up.)
Kiki: Looks like you called it, Gunga.
Nanefua: That mystery guest bit had Steven written all over it.
(Steven starts singing the song and the crowd cheers him on, with the exception of Lars, who is on his phone. At the end of his act, Steven tosses the glitter in the bucket into the air. The scene then transitions into the Big Donut's break room, as some times passes, Sadie sings the last verse of the song while Steven plays his ukulele. The star iris then closes on Sadie's face, ending the episode.)
[END]