[Open Ext. The Barn]
(Steven and Peridot share their underground experience with the the Cluster with Garnet, Pearl, and Amethyst outside the barn)
Peridot: It was so intense down there! We were already a few layers into the Earth's crust, WHEN SUDDENLY -- WA-PAMO! KA POWIE! All these gross Cluster limbs started clawing at the drill. So, I whipped out the old Photon Blaster and, "PEW PEW P-CHOW CHOW! Take that, Cluster!". And Steven was all, "My feelings!", and then up and passes out on me! Then everything started glowing and... well, yeah, wait.
(Peridot clears her throat).
Peridot: I'm sure Steven can fill you in on the rest since he's the one who saved us. You should've seen it, right Steven? Tell 'em what happened in there!
(Steven, gazing at the barn, does not respond.).
Peridot: Steven?
Steven: Hold on a sec. I'll be right back.
(Steven walks to the barn to check on Lapis Lazuli, who is lying on a bed made of hay. Garnet then walks up to him.)
Garnet: I see you're worried about your friend.
Steven: Yeah. When I saw her in my dreams, it looked like she was fighting so hard to keep Malachite from escaping.
Garnet: Lapis spent an unbearable amount of time fused with Jasper. The emotional and physical strain of that type of fusion; I can't imagine. She's gonna need a lot of time to recover.
Steven: *sighs* You're right.
Garnet: Come on, I'm dying to hear more about what happened underground.
Steven: *chuckles* Okay.
(Steven and Garnet walk off.)
[Time Skip - Night-time]
(Steven is fast asleep outside of the barn in a caterpillar sleeping bag, when he hears noises from the inside of the barn. He walks in and sees Lapis standing at the broken side of the barn, fully recovered with her water wings spread out, ready to fly off again.)
Steven: Lapis, you're okay!
Lapis: Steven!
Steven: You're... leaving.
Lapis: I have to, Steven. I don't belong on Earth, not with the Crystal Gems. I never have...
Steven: It's okay, I understand, I just wish we could've hung out more. I feel like I only get to see you when something horrible's going on.
Lapis: *looks relieved* That's just how it is with me. Steven... thank you. Goodbye, again.
Steven: *teary-eyed* Bye.
(Lapis takes off into the skies as Steven sadly watches her go.)
[Time Skip - The Next Day]
(Greg is packing Steven's belongings into his van, as they prepare to leave from home. Steven talks to Peridot, who is lounging on an old tractor, before leaving.)
Steven: Are you sure you wanna stay? You could always come back to the temple with us and live in the bathroom again.
Peridot: No thanks, I have seen what goes on in there.
(Steven blushes in embarrassment.)
Peridot: Besides, I've grown accustomed to this place, and I should probably fix the hole that I made with my giant robot.
Steven: Mm, okay! Well, have fun redecorating!
Greg: Well, that's everything... *closes the van back doors* And then some. Steven, you ready to go home?
Garnet: *pops out of the van window* All seat belts are fastened!
Steven: Peridot says she's staying.
Greg: Eh, it's probably for the best. I don't think she would've fit in the van.
Steven: You guys go on ahead, I'll catch up with you on Lion.
Greg: Sure, o-okay, I'll see you in a bit.
(Greg gets in the van and drives off, and Steven waves goodbye.)
Steven: See ya! Now where is that feline? *starts calling out* Lion? Hey, Lion?! *inhales deeply and yells* LEEEE-on! I have a big steak right here in my hand for you!
(Steven holds an imaginary steak in his hand, and drops it.)
Steven: Whoops, I dropped it and it fell out of existence!
(Steven begins walking around the area.)
Steven: You can't hide from me too long because you love me soooo much!
(Steven looks around, when he spots Lapis sitting on top of the silo next to the barn.)
Steven: Whoa, Lapis!
(Steven climbs up to the top of the silo. He struggles to keep his balance on the steep roof, but manages sits down beside Lapis)
Steven: I thought you left?
Lapis: I was leaving, then I realized I've got nowhere to go. Who knows what they would do to me back home after what I did to Jasper? I can't go back to Homeworld and I can't stay here.
Steven: Sure you can!
Lapis: What?
Steven: You can totally stay here, it doesn't have to be here here. You can live anywhere! You don't have to stay in Beach City if you don't want to.
(Steven starts listing city names while counting his fingers.)
Steven: You could live in Surf City or Sea City, Aqua Town, Bayburgh, and that's just the places I know of off the top of my head. I could show you around.
Lapis: Really?
Steven: Yeah, we could find you a new place to live. I really only know the tri-state area but my phone has a global positioning system. *holds out his phone with the GPS turned on*
Lapis: Uhh, okay, let's go look.
Steven: Ready Freddy?
Lapis: My name's Lapis.
(Lapis sprouts her water wings and sits down, allowing Steven to jump onto her back to carry him.)
Lapis: You okay like this?
Steven: Mhm!
(Lapis leaps off the silo and the pair take off into the skies. Steven is rallied up with fear and excitement while he clings onto Lapis's back, watching the barn and silo shrink in distance. He then shouts in excitement as they fly past a moving train and farm fields.)
Steven: So, how about this? You could live out here in the country; there's no noise, no rules, and it'd just be you becoming one with nature.
(Lapis Lazuli dives downwards and flies below the trees of a forest.)
Lapis: *looking around in curiosity* Why would I want to do that?
Steven: It's fun. If you live with these trees, you could build a giant bird nest and have squirrels for pets! You could eat acorn pie every night, and when it gets hotter or rains, you would be protected by these nice leaves.
Lapis: "Leaves"...
(Lapis then flies upwards and above the trees, when a leaf gets caught up in Steven's mouth and he pulls it out.)
Steven: Whoa, Lapis, look at this! This leaf turned orange. This means the season are changing from summer to fall. Soon, it's gonna happen to all the leaves on all the trees: (Lapis watches in fascination as she flies past the trees from above.)
Lapis: Wow.
Steven: So, what do you think?
Lapis: Hmmm, I'm not sure.
Steven: *takes out his phone* That's okay, there's plenty of places we haven't been yet. Come on! *points to a distance*
[Trans. Ext. Empire City, Night-time]
(Lapis and Steven flies towards the bustling city of Empire City.)
Lapis: What's this?
Steven: This must be Empire City. Isn't it cool?
Lapis: It's very... bright.
Steven: Yeah, that's why they say, "What happens in Empire city never sleeps."
Lapis: So, what does happen in Empire City?
Steven: Well, let's see. If you lived here, you could get a cool apartment, and be a single Gem taking on the big city. You'll have a fun job at a local coffee shop and come home to a wacky roommate-
Lapis: I have no idea what you're talking about.
Steven: Awww.
Lapis: Hey, what's that shadowy place right there? *looks off in a distance*
Steven: Oh, that's Jersey.
Lapis: Is it populated by machines?
Steven: No, those are cars. They make a lot of smog though. *coughs from the pollution* You'd like it in Jersey. The people here seem to hate the Earth, too.
Random Bystander: Quit flyin' in our sky, you mooks! *throws a boot at Lapis and Steven*
(Lapis and Steven respond by making fart noises in their palms and continue flying, laughing with each other. Lapis then flies above the clouds and Steven gazes at the starry sky.)
Steven: Wow, Lapis! It's so beautiful up here.
Lapis: Eh, it's alright, I guess I can see why you like it. *smirks at Steven* Hold on!
(Lapis picks up the pace and speeds through the clouds. She then does a loop-de-loop and drop-catches Steven, holding him by his hands.)
Steven: Whoa!
Lapis: Check it out!
Steven: Woohoo!
(Lapis and Steven laugh as Lapis flies towards the horizon of the shining moon.)
Steven: Hey, we made it out all the way over the ocean. I wonder how far out we are?
(The Galaxy Warp then comes into view in the middle of the ocean.)
Steven: Oh, cool, the Galaxy Warp.
(Lapis glares intensively at the Galaxy Warp, unknowingly loosening her grip on Steven's hands.)
Steven: Umm, Lapis? I'm slipping a little there, bud. *chuckles nervously* Lapis, Lapis, I'm slipping. I'm gonna-
(As Steven nearly slipped away, Lapis quickly grabs hold of Steven's hands tightly.)
Lapis: S-sorry! I'm sorry.
(Lapis and Steven land on the Galaxy Warp and they both walk towards the broken Homeworld warp.)
Lapis: This is where I was abandoned. *looks down in despair*
Steven: What happened?
(Lapis begins controlling the water around the Galaxy Warp, creating walls of water, and floods the whole place. She then walks up to the Homeworld Warp, covers it in water, and projects a crystal-clear surface on it.)
Steven: Whoa... It's like a mirror.
(Lapis starts projecting her memories on the water like a mirror, as she retells her tale.)
(Lapis first arrived on Earth in the middle of a beautiful green-filled savanna.)
Lapis (Narrator)
It was thousands of years ago. I was only meant to visit for a short time, but I got caught in the middle of the war.
(Lapis suddenly found herself in the chaos of the Gem Battlefield, as devastation happened all around her.)
Lapis (Narrator)
It was awful. I tried to run, but...
(Lapis was suddenly confronted by a rainbow-haired Gem. She tried to fly off, but the Gem attacked her, dissipating her physical form and leaving her gem behind.)
Lapis (Narrator)
I was picked up by a Homeworld soldier and confused for a Crystal Gem, and used as a tool.
(Lapis' gem was picked up and placed on the back of the Mirror.)
Lapis (Narrator)
They'd asked me, "Show us your base!", "Where is your leader?" I didn't know. I couldn't say I'm not one of them.
(Dozens of Homeworld Gems glared at Lapis, helplessly trapped in the mirror.)
Lapis (Narrator)
It soon became clear that there was no hope in stopping the rebellion. All of the Homeworld Gems fled, and all the panic of escaping Earth, I was left behind.
(Homeworld Gems began fleeing Earth via warp pads and spaceships. Lapis mirror was dropped behind, and a Gem accidentally stepped on it, cracking her gem. After all the Homeworld Gems had fled, a bright flash of light then appeared in the sky.)
Lapis (Narrator)
And there I stayed. Freedom in my sight, but out of reach for ages, until I was found.
(Lapis' mirror remained at the Galaxy Warp, constantly gazing up into the sky, until a younger Pearl appeared and picked her up.)
(Lapis eventually loses her concentration in her despair and releases her control over the water.)
Steven: Are you okay?
Lapis: I'll be fine. Let me take you back.
Steven: You sure you don't want to take a minute?
Lapis: It's fine. I just wanna get outta here. *smiles*
Steven: Okay.
(Lapis sprouts her water wings and takes off with Steven away from the Galaxy Warp.)
Lapis: For a moment, I really felt like things were different, but they're not. No matter where I go, I'm trapped.
Steven: But you're not. You're not underwater, you're not in a mirror. This time, you're free!
Lapis: But I'm still on Earth.
Steven: Yeah, but nothing is still on Earth. Everything's always changing. Leaves, cities, even Jersey changes. My dad says the rest stops used to be pretty gross, but now they have sushi. This isn't the same world that held you prisoner, not anymore, and I know it doesn't feel like home but maybe that can change, too.
[Trans. Ext. the Barn, Dawn]
(Steven and Lapis land near the barn.)
Steven: I know you can't go back to Homeworld, but if you stay here, it'll be your choice to stay here. *hands Lapis the leaf that was caught in his mouth earlier*
Lapis: It's funny. For all this time I spent on Earth, I barely saw any of it.
Steven: That's not funny! That's super sad.
(Lapis looks at the horizon as the sun rises.)
Lapis: I... I wanna see it.
Steven: Yeah?
Lapis: I wanna stay here!
Steven: Here? Like here here?
Lapis: Yeah, here here!
(Peridot randomly pops in.)
Peridot: Yes, "hear hear" everybody. ...What are we talking about?
Lapis: You!?
Peridot: Lazuli, nice to see you up and about.
Lapis: What are YOU doing here?!
Peridot: This is my new home away from Homeworld!
Lapis: No, it's not! It's MINE! Right, Steven?
Steven: Eh... Oh, boy.
(The star iris closes on Steven, now stuck in a dilemma, ending the episode.)
[END]
References: