[Open. Int. Beach House in snowy day]
Steven: *wakes up from alarm* All right, Little Homeschool. What's on the docket for today? *stretch* You can do it! *sighs*
(Steven gets some filtered water, but Amethyst comes in with raw eggs for eyes.)
Amethyst: You really gonna skip the most egg-ssential meal of the day?
Steven: Of course not. I've got all my morning nutrients in this protein shake.
Amethyst: ... *pokes yolk to leak* Dude, you're making me sad.
Garnet: Steven. I packed everything you're gonna need for today in your cheeseburger backpack.
Steven: Uh, I don't really use that anymore. Besides, I packed my own bag.
Garnet: At least pet this cat.
Cat Steven: Meow.
Steven: Why was I going to need... *sigh* Never mind. Got to go.
Pearl: Hold it. According to my weather application, it's going to snow all day and overnight. You're going to freeze if you don't put on a puffer, a hat, and two scarves. Better make it three.
Steven: *muffles in denial* Pearl, I need to get going!
Pearl: But classes don't start for another couple of hours.
Garnet: Wait for us. We can head over together.
Amethyst: Why are you taking the old Dondai anyway? We have the warp technology. *slurps eggs off face*
Steven: It's because I've got errands to run in town before classes start.
Garnet: Of course. Go get 'em, champ. *places hand on Steven*
Amethyst & Pearl: Yeah! *places hand as well* Go get 'em!
(Steven does his errands and returns home.)
Garnet, Amethyst & Pearl: Surprise!
Amethyst: We were sitting in the dark!
Steven: Hey, guys.
Amethyst: Guess what we've got lined up tonight. "Pupcopter's Sky-High Adventure"!
Pearl: Sheet masks with cute animal faces!
Garnet: And, most importantly, pizza.
Steven: Uh, guys, I've been a vegetarian for, like, a month, and "Pupcopter" is for 6-year-olds, and I have my own skin care routine. Anyways, it's cool. I already ate. *walks upstairs*
Amethyst: Oh well. We'll just watch the movie with Cat Steven.
Garnet: My bad. I was sure we were in the pepperoni timeline.
[Time-Skip]
(Steven wakes up to turn the alarm off but accidentally slides it to the ground. He rushes down the stairs to leave, preparing the usual protein shake.)
Pearl: Look, Steven. Together Breakfast! Just like old times.
Steven: Too much sugar for me, but thanks. *opens door* See you at work, guys.
(But Steven can't leave, for the door is flooded with snow.)
Steven: Okay, just have to take the warp, then.
Garnet: Steven, I wouldn't do that if I were you.
(Steven gets collapsed with more snow from the warp tunnel.)
Amethyst: *laughs*
Steven: Looks like we have to cancel Little Homeschool for the day. Pearl, can you send out a mass text?
Pearl: On it.
Amethyst: Hold up! Are you saying we have the day off?
Pearl: Ooo, we can re-read No Home Boys.
Garnet: And I'll do all the voices.
Steven: No, I don't need you to read to me. I-if anything, I need to sit down with the calender. Snow-pocalyse is going to affect the third-quarter schedule.
(Steven gets out his notebook.)
Amethyst: Man, you had a better work-life balance when the Diamonds were trying to destroy the planet.
Steven: That was then. This is now.
Amethyst: *groans* ... Hey, you know what we haven't done in a long time? *shapeshifts into Young Steven and jumps on table* STEVEN TAG!
Steven: Aah! *rolls backwards* Amethyst, what the heck?!
Amethyst: You know the rules, buster. You get tagged, you have to turn into Steven.
Steven: But I'm already Steven!
Amethyst: Nah, bro. Classic Steven.
Steven: Classic Steven?! Aah!!
(Amethyst gives chase, ending in the bathroom.)
Amethyst: *laughs* Ste-e-ve-en! Come out and Pla-a-ay! *laughs*
Steven: I'm not playing.
Amethyst: *tries entering* Aw, dang. He got me with the towel. Ugh, fine! It's not like we need you to play Steven Tag anyway.
(Cautiously, Steven opens the door and looks around. Suddenly, Garnet is spotted on the ground.)
Steven: Hey, Garnet. Lose something?
Garnet: It's Cat Steven. Haven't seen him all morning.
Steven: Oh. Weird.
Garnet: Steven, you should check the cabinets.
Steven: Uh, okay. In here?
Garnet: *pats Cat Steven* Yes.
Steven: Huh- (Amethyst jumps out still in Young Steven's form.)
Amethyst: Get ready for Steven Tag!
(Steven runs away, making Amethyst tag Garnet first.)
Garnet: What an unforeseen turn of events.
Amethyst: You know the rules.
(Garnet turns into Young Steven, staring with Amethyst at their true target tip-toeing away.)
Steven: See ya!
(The chase begins. Steven trips on a pillow, and the two jump from above. Steven forms a bubble in time.)
Garnet: You can't stay in there forever. *prepares a punch*
(Steven gets up and throws Garnet and Amethyst into Rose's room, and Steven exits.)
Steven: That should keep you busy for a while. Maybe now, I can get these schedules done in peace. Huh?
(Unfortunately, Garnet and Amethyst make it out through the Burning Room)
Garnet: Steven!
(Steven retreats behind the table.)
Steven: How'd you get out so fast?! Whoa!
(Garnet jumps over, forcing Steven upstairs and hidden under his bedsheets.)
Amethyst: Hiding under the covers, are we?
(Steven is startled out of bed and falls down the stairs. Pearl warps into the Beach House.)
Pearl: Steven, what are you doing?
Steven: Pearl!
Pearl: Has cabin fever taken hold already?
Steven: It's Amethyst and Garnet. They're playing Steven Tag to mess with me.
Pearl: Steven Tag? Wow! That takes me back. Well, I'm sure they- *gasps*
Steven: *gasps*
(A red electricity bolt appears behind Pearl and shocks her. Steven's eyes widen as Pearl drops her snow shovel. As it turns out, Garnet has *tagged* her. Pearl keels over.)
Steven: ... Hah! Jokes on you! Pearl doesn't shapeshift! Huh?
(Contrary to Steven's expectations, Pearl shapeshifts into Young Steven. She couldn't suppress her compulsion  to play.)
Pearl: The power of Steven Tag compels me!
(Garnet and Amethyst giggle and cheer, proud of Pearl's development.)
Steven: *laughs* Wow. Good for her.
(Eyes glint. They want to tag Steven badly. They chase Steven around the house until the garden dome room. Steven's rest is broken by Pearl's appearance out of a pot plant. Disguises continue to fool Steven into traps. He eventually stand on top of his clothes drawers, threatening to throw tidy clothes.)
Pearl: Steven, no! I just folded those!
(Pearl is distracted, and Steven attempts to escape. However, Garnet and Amethyst already knew of Steven's plan and blocks his path. Steven had no choice but to jump outside and hide with the snow.)
Steven: *sighs* They can't hold those forms forever. I'll just wait until-
(Something smashs the snow behind Steven as he looks up and sees a gigantic purple 4-armed creature wearing shades in the form of Young Steven. It's Sugilite, on top of a snowy rock.)
Steven: What?! You fused?! *runs* Hey! This is dangerous!
(Steven summons his shield to ski across the snow. Snowballs rain down in response from Sardonyx who also looks like Young Steven.)
Steven: I'm still not playing!
(Steven swerves to evade the continuing onslaught. He loses control and trips from flying off a nearby rock. Opal is in the prime position, in the body of 14-year-old Steven, too and using Garnet as the projectile to tag what seems to be Steven.)
Garnet: Target acquired.
(Garnet crashes into the figure. However, her prediction is wrong. Steven is not under the jacket.)
Garnet: It was a snowman... with Steven's jacket. Noooooooo!
(Steven has escaped but is shivering.)
Steven: They'll never stop until they make me play.
(As Steven strike a pose, he gets startled as a shadow falls on him. He looks behind himself. It's Alexandrite, who has been shape-shifted into Young Steven as well.)
Steven: Oh, geez.
(Alexandrite breathes a firey flame at Steven, who bubbles to protect himself.)
Steven: I really didn't want to do this. But you leave me no choice. *poses and scowls* I JOIN THE GAME!!!
(Steven is finally convinced. He bounces off Alexandrite's head towards the Beach House. Alexandrite attempts to catch Steven landing on the Obsidian statue's hand but fails. Back and forth, he makes it to the slope of the hill and jumps to the Lighthouse peak.)
Steven: There's no way she can catch me here... Aah?
(Alexandrite beats Steven on top of the lighthouse and unfuse to all separate gems including Garnet to Ruby and Sapphire who are both in Young Steven's form. Then they act as a bombardment for Steven to avoid except Sapphire.)
Steven: *forms his bubble fists and glares at Amethyst, Ruby and Pearl* ENOUGH IS ENOUGH!
(Steven blasts through the bombardment and lands successfully on the lighthouse's roof, staring down menacingly.)
Steven: You shouldn't have messed with me. Huh? (And Steven is tagged by the unlikely Sapphire.)
Sapphire: Tag.
(Everything shatters around Steven. He falls off the lighthouse.)
Steven: Oh, no. Is this the end of my adult life?
(Crash landing. Steven Tag is finished.)
Amethyst: Ha ha!
Ruby: Sapphire, you did it! You're the best! *They fuse back into Garnet*
Garnet: You've been tagged.
Amethyst: You have to tuuurn into little Steeveeen!
Pearl: Those are the rules!
Steven: Hmph. No.
Garnet, Amethyst & Pearl: Do it! Do it! Do it!
Cat Steven: Meow.
Steven: *sighs* Et tu, Cat Steven?
Cat Steven: Meow.
Steven: *groans* OKAY! I'll do it!
(Garnet, Amethyst and Pearl watch as Steven shape-shifts into his younger self.)
Garnet, Amethyst & Pearl: He's so cute!
Steven: No, I'm not! This is tough for me, you know? I-I feel like no matter how hard I try, you still see me like this!
Amethyst: Buddy, we just want to spend time with you.
Pearl: Yes, like we did when you were-
Steven: A kid?
(The teen hero's multi-colored friends frown with concern.)
Steven: I don't want to disappoint you, but this isn't me anymore. Please, I need you to see me...
(he shape-shifts back into his polite age.)
Steven: ...for who I am now.
(Garnet, Amethyst, and Pearl hug Steven.)
Garnet: Please forgive us.
Amethyst: We didn't mean to hurt your feelings.
Pearl: We just miss you, Steven.
(Steven's eyes well with tears and his lip quivers.)
Garnet, Amethyst & Pearl: We're sorry.
Steven: I've missed you, too, guys, and, you know, *sighs* it was actually pretty nice to spend time with y-y- Ah-choo!
(Amethyst receives Steven's jacket.)
Steven: Thanks, Amethyst.
Garnet: Steven, we're so proud of the person you've become.
Amethyst: Yeah, that's why we wanna hang out with you so much!
Pearl: But, if you need to get back to work now, we'll understand.
Steven: Well, I can't because, tag, you're it!
Amethyst: Ah ha! *laughs*
Garnet: *chuckle* I guess, we have to update the game... *turns into Steven's current form* to this.
Steven: Yeah! I love it!
Garnet: Perfect. *she summons her gauntlets* Now, you all better run.
Steven: Ha ha!
(And they all run down the hill, Steven rolling down one, and they played for the day. The next day, Steven wakes up refreshed, and this time, he travels with Garnet, Amethyst, and Pearl (back in their normal forms) to their duties.)
[END]