[Open Int. Beach House]
(Pearl and Garnet warp back to the Crystal Temple Warp Pad, looking disappointed.)
Pearl: Ugh... We're never going to find Jasper.
(Steven runs in towards Pearl and Garnet excitedly.)
Steven: Pearl! Garnet! We found Jasper!
Pearl: What?!
Steven: We beat her!
Pearl: Oh my gosh! *hugs Steven tightly* Are you alright? What happened?
Steven: She showed up with those big snow monsters, so we fought those. But then things got really scary, so Connie and I fused. Stevonnie got to ride Lion and we chased Jasper away!
Pearl: All your training! You did so well!
(Steven blushes and giggles in delight.)
Garnet: *ruffles Steven's head* We're so proud of you.
Pearl: Wait, where's Amethyst?
Amethyst: Yo.
(Pearl and Garnet see Amethyst sitting on the couch by herself, looking somber.)
Pearl: Amethyst?
Garnet: You reformed.
Amethyst: I'm fine.
[Time-Skip]
(Amethyst is seen dropping eggs from a carton into the garbage disposal in the kitchen sink. Pearl and Steven then walks in off-screen towards the warp pad.)
Pearl: I hope you're ready for your weekly training, Steven.
Steven: I'm ready! On the weekly!
Pearl: You've had one victory, but there are more fights to come now that Jasper's—
(Loud garbage disposal noise are heard, startling Pearl.)
Pearl: Now that Jasper—
(Loud garbage disposal noise are heard again, irritating Pearl. She decides to speak loudly over the noise.)
Pearl: JASPER'S BACK, LET'S WORK BACK!
Steven: *giggles and walks up to Amethyst* Hey, Amethyst.
Amethyst: Yo...
Steven: You wanna come watch me train?
Amethyst: Can't. *drops another egg* I'm busy making egg salad.
Steven: Come on, it'll be fun.
Amethyst: Umm...
Steven: You'll get to see me earn Pearl Points.
Amethyst: What are "Pearl Points"?
[Trans. Int. Ancient Sky Arena]
(Pearl begins explaining Pearl Points to Amethyst, who had followed her and Steven to his training.)
Pearl: I'm glad you asked! *holds a sticker of her face* Pearl Points are awarded for punctuality, perseverance, and positivity.
(Amethyst chuckles.)
Pearl: We may be smaller, weaker, and less gifted than our opponents, but with these "P"s, we have the keys to success. Aaaaand, to the Pearl Prize Pouch!
Amethyst: *chuckles* Pa-mazing.
Pearl: Thank you.
Steven: There's some P-great stuff in that pouch last week, I got these. *puts on a pair of pop-out eye glasses* I don't need glasses so it's funny.
Pearl: *whispers to Amethyst* Really Amethyst, the positive enforcement has been doing wonders.
Amethyst: I want in.
Steven: On the glasses?
Amethyst: On the training.
Pearl: *gasps* Really, you Amethyst?
Amethyst: Yeah, you know, for fun.
Steven: Alright!
Amethyst: Yeah yeah, you're welcome.
Pearl: Well then, let the training begin!
[Time-Skip]
(Steven begins stretching to get ready for his training, while Amethyst, seemingly unmotivated, yawns in boredom. Pearl stands at the edge of the arena.)
Pearl: Your first task will be speed. To aid your training, I'll be utilizing my holograms. *summons a Holo-Pearl*
Holo-Pearl: Welcome to Holo-Pearl version 2.000001.
Pearl: I've modified them to accommodate less... lethal training.
Holo-Pearl: The sharpest weapon is the mind.
(Everyone nods, except Amethyst.)
Pearl: The Holo-Pearl will serve as a checkpoint at the edge of the arena. Mark you lap with a Holo-Pearl High-Five. *high-fives Holo-Pearl*
Holo-Pearl: High-Five accepted!
Pearl: Two laps, two fives, one Pearl-Point to the winner.
Steven: Got it. *salutes while leaning sideways*)
Amethyst: *sarcastically* Yarp.
Pearl: *walks back to Steven and Amethyst* Okay then. On your marks, Ready! Steady! (Amethyst and Steven ready themselves.) GO!
(Steven and Amethyst start running, with Amethyst taking lead. Both of them high-five Holo-Pearl at the same time.)
Holo-Pearl: High-Five accepted!
(Steven and Amethyst race back. with Amethyst still holding the lead.)
Amethyst: Huh?
(Steven laughs as he suddenly starts gaining speed, running past Amethyst, and high-fives Holo-Pearl first, thus winning the race.)
Holo-Pearl: High-Five accepted!
Steven: *holds out his hand to Amethyst* Gimme digits, Amethyst!
(Amethyst slowly walks up to high-five Holo-Pearl, submitting to defeat, and walks away. Steven chuckles and high-fives himself.)
Pearl: One point for Steven already! *pastes a sticker on the chalkboard and whispers to Amethyst* Good thinking Amethyst! Going easy on him will build his confidence!
Amethyst: Heh, what can I say, I'm a natural at going easy.
[Time-Skip]
(Four Holo-Pearls, each wielding a spear, stand before Steven and Amethyst.)
Pearl: Your next test is agility: dodge the spears the best you can.
(The Holo-Pearls start shooting energy blasts from their spears. Amethyst spin-dashes to the side to dodge the blasts, while Steven weaves around the blasts to dodge them. He then summons his shield to deflect a blast back at a Holo-Pearl, dissipating it.)
Holo-Pearl: Defeat accepted. *fades away*
Amethyst: *surprised* Whoa.
(Pearl pastes another sticker on the chalkboard as Steven and Amethyst walk back to her.)
Steven: *cheering* Victory, victory!
Pearl: *whispers to an irritated Amethyst* Don't go too easy on him, he still needs a challenge.
[Time-Skip]
(Five Holo-Pearls surround Steven and Amethyst in the middle of the arena.)
Pearl: And now, for your final test, an all-out battle. This is the ultimate determination of your skills. Okay! Ready? GO!
Amethyst: *interrupts Pearl* COME AND GET ME, YOU HOLO-PUNKS!
(Amethyst summons two whips and begins lashing a series of furious attacks at one of the Holo-Pearls, who dodges every single one of her attacks. The Holo-Pearls then begin attacking Steven, who summons his shield to defend himself against them.)
Amethyst: STOP! MOVING! SO! I CAN! WIN!!! *finally wraps her whip around the Holo-Pearl* Thanks. HAH!
(Amethyst tightens the whip around the Holo-Pearl and dissipates it. Meanwhile, the other Holo-Pearls continuously stabs at Steven, as he cowers under his shield. He then enlarges his shield, knocking all the Holo-Pearls into the air.)
Steven: BOOMERANG SHIELD!
(Steven hurls his shield at the Holo-Pearls, hitting and dissipating them in quick succession.)
Holo-Pearls: Defeat-Defeat-Defeat-Defeat-Accepted-Accepted-Accepted-Accepted.
Steven: *catches his shield and dispels it* Victory accepted.
Pearl: *walks up to Steven* Congratulations Steven, you earned the final point!
(Steven turns to Amethyst, who seems to be extremely upset, and stares at her with deep concerns.)
Pearl: It's time for you to pick a prize from the Prize Pouch~
[Trans. Int. Steven's Room]
(Steven returns back home and begins playing a fighting game on his TV, where he has selected Lonely Blade as his fighter.)
Game Narrator: Lonely Blade! Versus! Outgoing Fist! Round 1, FIGHT!
Outgoing Fist (In-Game)
Flyin-
Lonely Blade (In-Game)
Boomerang- Boomerang- Boomerang Blade!
(Steven uses Lonely Blade's signature move repeatedly on the CPU's Outgoing Fist before he could even attack, thus easily defeating him.)
Game Narrator: K-O!
Out Going Fist (In-Game)
Even my fists are dead.
(Steven, seen wearing a jester hat, presumably won as his training prize, turns to looks at Amethyst in the kitchen, eating mayonnaise raw from the jar.)
Steven: Hey, Amethyst. Do you wanna play Lonely Blade with me? *holds up the controller* I warmed up the controller for you.
Amethyst: *finishes the jar of mayonaise and sighs* Yeah, alright.
(Amethyst joins Steven and begins scrolling through the character selection menu in the game.)
Steven: There's a new costume for Lonely Blade: Blue Lonely Blade. You should play as him.
Amethyst: What-evie. *selects Blue Lonely Blade as her fighter*
Game Narrator: Lonely Blade! Versus! Lonely Blade!
Lonely Blade (In-Game)
My blade's the best in all the land.
Game Narrator: Round 1, FIGHT!
Blue Lonely Blade (In-Game)
Boomerang Blade! *lands the attack on Lonely Blade*)
Lonely Blade (In-Game)
Boomerang Blade! (Blue Lonely Blade dodges the attack.)
Steven: Huh, this is tough. Were those bars always there?
Amethyst: The Health bars? Yeah.
Steven: Right, right....
Blue Lonely Blade (In-Game)
*repeatedly strikes Lonely Blade* BMRNG! BMRNG! BMRNG!
Steven: Ah, you're doing so well! I've been trying to master that combo for months. You got it on like, one try!
Amethyst: Hmmm...
(Amethyst continues to fight Steven in the game, while Steven seems to be taking the game slowly.)
Steven: Oh man, there's no way I could beat you.
Blue Lonely Blade (T.V)
One Thousand Mirror Blade! HI-YAH!
(Amethyst defeats Steven without losing a single health.)
Game's Narrator: KO!
Blue Lonely Blade (T.V)
My blade's the loneliest after all.
Steven: That was crazy good, Amethyst. Nice job!
Amethyst: *displeased* Knock it off Steven. I know you let me win. *throws the controller aside*
Steven: *starts sweating anxiously* Wha? Me? No I-pfff, noo...?
Amethyst: *turns off the TV* You weren't even trying.
Steven: I'm sorry. I just wanted you to feel better.
Amethyst: Great, and now you're ever more mature than me.
Steven: Amethyst?
Amethyst: You're suppose to be the rookie but now you're better than me in everything! *sighs* Now I'm the worst Crystal Gem.
Steven: Wha-What?
Amethyst: Ack! You know what I mean, Steven.
Steven: Uhh, not really! I thought you guys wanted me to be strong. A-And now I am, and you're mad at me!?
Amethyst: NO! I get mad at myself! That's, ugh, the thing I do. I get mad at myself and then it makes me suck at everything I do even more.
Steven: *sighs* Amethyst, you don't suck. You do so many cool things. You have two whips, two whips! And the dash thing? Amethyst, you're so much better than me!
Amethyst: No way. You have Rose's shield, and bubble, and the floating thing, and- Ugh, I'd just be floating all day.
Steven: Floating? I forget to use that half the time! And the rest of the time my powers aren't guaranteed to work. I'm- I'm way worse than you.
Amethyst: *crosses her arms* Nah-Uh! I'm the worst!
Steven: No way, I am! I'll prove it, I'll- I'll fight you and show you how bad I am.
Amethyst: Fine! Let's do it!
Steven & Amethyst: Let the worst Gem, lose!
[Trans. Int. Ancient Sky Arena, Evening]
(Steven and Amethyst stand face-to-face in the arena.)
Amethyst: Get ready, Imma about to lose big time!
Steven: No way. I'm gonna get clobbered so bad I won't know what hit me.
Amethyst: No holding back? *ties her hair up*
Steven: NO holding back!
Amethyst: Grrr! *summons her whip* Gwaahhh!
(Amethyst begins spin-dashes towards Steven, who quickly sidesteps and avoids it. Amethyst turns around at the arena seating and charges back at Steven. Steven continues to sidestep past Amethyst as she spin-dashes around him, creating dust clouds around him. Amethyst then stops, holding out her whip.)
Steven: *coughing* Wha?
(As the dust clouds fade away, Steven realized he is tangled up in Amethyst's whip. Amethyst then quickly tightens the whip around Steven, causing him to fall over.)
Steven: Whoa! I did not see that coming! That was amazing.
Amethyst: No, it's not! I don't do anything amazing!
(Amethyst lashes her whip, sending an energy wave at Steven. He then quickly summons his bubble shield to protect himself from the energy wave, which in turns tears away the whip around him.)
Amethyst: You're the one who's amazing. *summons two whips and wraps them around Steven's bubble* Wha- Gwah!
(Amethyst starts twirling the bubble around and smashing it into pillars. Steven braces himself for impact and suddenly adds spikes to his bubble, which lodges in the pillar.)
Amethyst: WHAT?! Is that new!? *exhales sharply* Because it's awesome!
Steven: No! It was an accident. Accidents are not awesome!!
Amethyst: Sure, right!
(Amethyst tugs on the bubble to pull it off the pillar. Steven then dispels his bubble and dives towards Amethyst, kicking her in the back before rolling away. He gasps in shock as the pillar, badly damaged from the spiked bubble, starts falling on Amethyst. He quickly summons his shield and throws it, cutting the pillar in half.)
Amethyst: What?? DON'T SAVE-
(The shield hits Amethyst on the back of her head as it returns to Steven's hand.)
Amethyst: Whoa! Ughhh... That was great!
Steven: *dispels his shield* You think that was on purpose?
(Amethyst shapeshifts into Purple Puma and charges for Steven. She punches the ground as Steven floats away, dodging her punch.)
Steven: Guess who remembered to floa- Whoa!
(Steven collides into a pillar and starts drifting away from the arena. Amethyst shapeshifts back to normal and quickly catches Steven with her whip. Both of them sighs in relief. Amethyst then yanks Steven in, slamming him down into the ground and creating a gigantic crater on the arena.)
Amethyst: *panting, and looks into the crater* Steven?
Steven: ... Gwahh!
(Steven bursts out of the rubble in the crater, launching a large piece of debris at Amethyst, who quickly steps away in surprise.)
Amethyst: See?! I dropped you from the sky but you almost just won by, using a rock! Huh! If I can't beat you, I'm never gonna beat Jasper!
Steven: You... You can totally beat me. You're not even trying.
Amethyst: I am too! *lifts up the rock* Eeyaarh!
(Steven tries to lift a piece of the arena, but it snaps and causes him to fall backwards. Amethyst then tries to throw the rock at Steven, but it slips off her hands.)
Steven: I think we're both too good to be bad fighters.
Amethyst: That's what you think.
Steven: What does that even mean?
Amethyst: I don't even know...!
(Steven and Amethyst charge at each other, attempting to punch each other, but they both miss and fall to the ground.)
Amethyst: Huh. Hahahah! *starts laughing hysterically*
Steven: Hahahah... What's wrong with us? *starts laughing with Amethyst*
Amethyst: Hah... I know what's wrong with me. I'm not supposed to be small. And everyone's always acting like there's no problem. You can be anything you want to be, heh. No! I can't. Huh... *sighs* I can't even be the one thing I'm supposed to be, you know?
Steven: Of course I do. I'm... not Rose Quartz.
Amethyst: Oh no... Oh Steven!-
Steven: Why do you think I've been working so hard?
Amethyst: Well... It's paying off.
Steven: Ahahahah, I sure hope so.
(Steven gets up and offers his hand to Amethyst, smiling. She smiles and swings her arm, but purposely misses his hand.)
Amethyst: Eh.. *laughs and misses Steven's hand again* Uh... *finally grabs his hand* Ah!
(Amethyst stands up and laughs with Steven.)
Amethyst: Thanks Steven.
(Pearl then suddenly appears at the arena entrance, screaming in horror and anger.)
Pearl: WHAT DID YOU TWO DO?! YOU'VE RUINED THE RUINS!
Amethyst: Whoooops.
Steven: I don't think we're gonna see that Prize Pouch for a while.
(The star iris closes on Steven's disheartened face, ending the episode.)
[END]