[Open Int. Sea Shrine]
(The Crystal Gems are exploring the Sea Shrine and looking around a series of hourglasses.)
Steven: Hey! How about this one here?
Pearl: *walks over to Steven* What one?
Steven: This little one... *looks at the smallest hourglass with starry eyes* It's adorbable.
Pearl: Steven, the legendary glass of time won't be nearly so small and insignificant. It'll be beautiful and grand. *looks at an big hourglass with an elegant design in excitement* Like this one!
Garnet: I think it's this one.
Steven: *looks up* Whoa!
Pearl: You mean the biggest one? (Garnet, Steven and Pearl looks up at the giant hourglass.) How are we even supposed to get that back to the Warp Pad?
Garnet: I can carry it. *cracks her knuckles*
Pearl: Wait! We need to be careful which one we touch, you remember what happened last time we were here.
Steven: What happened?
Amethyst: Hey, guys. I'm making the call. *picks up an oddly-shaped hourglass* And it's this janky one here!
Pearl: Amethyst!
(The Sea Shrine begins to rumble.)
Amethyst: Ugggh... nope, it wasn't.
(The ceiling of the shrine disappears and water begins to rush in, flooding the place.)
Garnet: Look out! *grabs Steven and dodges the water alongside with Pearl* We don't have much time.
Pearl: Amethyst, come on!
(Steven runs away from Garnet and Pearl, back towards the hourglasses.)
Garnet: Steven?
Pearl: W-Where do you think you're going?!
Steven: Amethyst gets to keep hers!
Amethyst: *walks past, carrying her chosen hourglass* Darn tootin'!
Steven: I'm gonna get the one I picked out.
Garnet & Pearl: Steven!
Steven: *picks up the tiny hourglass* My name's Steven. You're gonna live with me! *puts it in his pocket*
Pearl: Steven, come on!
Steven: *runs towards the Warp Pad* Imma comin'! Imma comin'!
(More water gushes into the shrine, forming a huge wave behind Steven. Pearl starts to panic and Garnet quickly stretches her arm forward.)
Garnet: Hang on! *grabs Steven and pulls him in*
Amethyst: Hurry up! Hurry up! Hurry up!
Garnet: *brings Steven back to the warp pad* Gotcha!
Pearl: Well done Garnet!
(The huge wave engulfs the Crystal Gems before they warp away.)
[Trans. Int Beach House]
(The Crystal Gems make it back to the Beach House's warp pad, bringing along a huge amount of water from the wave with them. The water soaks the whole room and washes Steven away from the Warp Pad, while the Gems have sea creatures clinging onto them.)
Steven: Hahahah! Hot potato! We're doing that again right?
Pearl: *removes a piece of seaweed from her hair* Unfortunately, we'll have to wait another hundred years for the sea shrine to reform because somebody couldn't keep their hands to themselves. *glares at Amethyst*
Garnet: *removes an octopus from her head and turns to Pearl* You have a lobster on your butt.
Pearl: Huh? *looks down at her backside* EEEYYYYY!
(Amethyst laughs at Pearl as she screams in shock. A Cookie Cat alarm clock starts to ring and Steven gets excited.)
Steven: Beach-a-Palooza!
Amethyst: Beach-a-wah-whooza?
Garnet: Palooza.
Steven: That was a lot of fun you guys. I'll see you later! After you sir. *opens the front door for a crab* Bye bye!
[Trans. Beach City]
(Steven is humming as he makes his way to It's a Wash. Greg and Yellowtail are seen talking to each other.)
Greg: Yep.
Yellowtail: *nods* Mmhhmm.
Steven: Dad! Dad! You're ready to rehearse? Whoa!
(Steven then notices Yellowtail's fishing boat, stuck in the car wash.)
Greg: Uhhh, we're having a bit of a day.
Steven: Is it stuck?
Greg: Yeah.
Steven: Why does a boat need a car wash?
Yellowtail: Hah! Huhuhhuh- *speaks in murmurs and walks towards the boat*
Greg: Sorry buddy, I don't think I can play in the concert tonight. I gotta deal with this.
Steven: You're bailing on Beach-a-Palooza? But the whole town's gonna be there!
Greg: Steven, that's like 15 people. *ruffles Steven's head* Next time, bud. I promise.
(Greg then walks off and starts talking to Yellowtail on his boat, as Steven turns away.)
Steven: Stupid boat getting all stuck. Nobody likes you, boat! I wish I could've been there to tell my dad you were too fat!-
(Steven suddenly disappears. He then reappear back at It's a Wash, at the very moment when Greg is about to put the boat in the car wash.)
Greg: That's it. Just back her in. She'll definitely fit.
Steven: What the-? *gasps* Dad! Dad!
Greg: Hey schtu-ball! You excited for Beach-a-Palooza?
Steven: Dad, dad, fat, it's fat! Fat, fat fat!
Greg: *looks at his own stomach* Rude.
Steven: Not you! The boat! The boat!!
Greg: Whoa, whoa whoa!! STOP!!!
Yellowtail: *stops backing up the car* Huh?
Greg: Nice catch, Steven. *runs off*
Steven: *pulls the hourglass out of his pocket and gasps* The thing! You took me back in time, didn't you? Pearl's gonna flip when she finds out you're the real one!
Greg: Look, I'm sorry, but the boat's fat.
(Yellowtail gets off his car and starts arguing in murmurs, when the car starts rolling away.)
Greg: Oh no, your car!
(The car crashes into an electric pole, knocking it over and it slams onto the car. The electric wire then sparks and lights on fire. The fire travels along the wire to the roof of It's a Wash, causing an explosion and setting the whole roof on fire. Everyone screams in panic.)
Greg: Gotta save the van!
Steven: *horrified* I wish I could go back and stop myself from stopping my dad.
(Steven warped away, back to the point when he is about to tell his dad that the boat is too fat.
Greg: That's it, just back her in, she'll definitely fit.
Steven 2
*appears from his first wish* What the-? *gasps* Dad! Dad!
(Steven then suddenly appears and tackles Steven 2 before he could say anything.)
Steven 2
Wha- (Steven shushes him.) Future Steven?
Steven: Listen two-minutes-ago-Steven, we can't go around trying to change time stuff. It just makes things worse.
(Yellowtail's boat gets stuck in the car wash once more.)
Greg: Oh no! How did this happen?
Steven 2
Aw, man! I really wanted to play in Beach-a-Palooza. Too bad you and I can't be in a band.
Steven & Steven 2
Wait a minute!
(Steven and Steven 2 warp back to a point where he is on his way to see his dad and tackle Steven 3 to the ground.)
Steven & Steven 2
STEVEN!!!
Steven 3
Mmm... Steven? ... Steven? What's going on?
Steven: No time to explain!
Steven 2
Wanna join our band?!
Steven 3
Yes, but didn't Dad say he would play with us?
Steven 2
He had an emergency at the car wash.
Steven 3
We should go help him! *tries to run off*
Steven: No! *stops Steven 3* There's nothing we can do! The boat's fat, trust us.
Steven 3
Okay... so who's our fourth? We need a drummer.
Steven 2
Not a problem! Steven.
(Steven and Steven 2 pull out their respective Hourglass from their pockets.)
Steven 3
Hey it's the time thing-
(The three Stevens warp away.)
[Trans. Int. Beach House]
(Back inside the Beach House, Steven begins to sing "Steven and the Stevens" with three other Stevens in a band.)
Steven 2
Hey! Great singing Steven!
Steven: Thanks, Steven!
Steven 2
Can I sing lead this time?
Steven: Well I usually sing lead vocals when I play with Dad.
Steven 2
So do I!
Steven 3
Me too!
Steven 4
Me too too! We all do! We're all Steven!
Steven: Well one of us has got to be the band leader...
(All Stevens ponder and "hmmms" at the same time.)
Steven 4
Oh! The leader should be the original Steven!
All Stevens: The one that's been around the longest! *points towards the original Steven* Yeah, alright, that's a good idea.
(Steven proceeds to label the other 3 Stevens by writing numbers on their cheeks with a marker.)
Steven: Done and done! Steven 2, you're the smart one, Steven 3, you're the funny one and Steven 4, you're the sensitive one and I'm... *styles his hair into a pompadour* The handsome one! Okay?
Steven 2 & Steven 3
Okay!
Steven 4
Okie-dokie artichoke-y!
Steven: Steven 4, what are you doing? You're not the funny one. Steven 3 is.
Steven 3
Well we are all the same person so we are equally prone to being hilarious.
Steven: No no, that was too smart an observation for you, 3! You're the funny one!
Steven 2
Wait which one am I again?
Steven: Dang it, Number 2! You're the smart one!
Steven 4
Hey. If Steven is the handsome one, does that mean the rest of us aren't good looking?
Steven 3
No way! We are all extremely attractive!
Steven 2
Let's go get jobs as models!
Steven: Hey! None of you are the handsome one! I'M the handsome one! (All three other Stevens look down in dejection.) Uh! No I didn't mean! We decided... Urgh, let's take five.
All other Stevens: There's a fifth Steven!?
Steven: *gets annoyed* NO! I mean a five-minute break!
All other Stevens: *giggles* We know!
[Trans. Ext. Beach House]
(Steven leans over the rails of the porch and sighs.)
Steven: I can't believe it, I'm so... annoying. Maybe it's time for me to quit the music business.
(An electric guitar is heard inside the house and Steven goes back inside the house to find the other Stevens playing and singing "Ste-Ste-Ste-Steven" in a metal rock music style. Steven covers his ears in annoyance.)
Steven: Whoa whoa WHOA! What's all this noise? I thought we all agreed that Steven and the Stevens was going to be a light-hearted throwback to early rock-n-roll, not this mess of screaming into distortion.
Steven 3
Look, Steven. Steven and I were talking, and Steven agrees. Your attitude... just isn't working for us.
Steven 2
We've been a lot more productive without you.
Steven 4
We already wrote an angsty song about the time you made us feel bad for not being handsome.
Steven: You're kicking me out of the band?! Wait? Who's playing drums?
Steven 4
Amethyst said she would do it.
Amethyst: I'm down for whatever. *twirls a drum stick in her hand*
Steven: Oh, come on!
(The other Stevens proceed to play and sing "Big Fat Zucchini". Steven unplugs the socket of their instruments in anger.)
Amethyst: Whoa, Dude.
Steven: LISTEN UP! You can't kick me out of the band! I'm the original Steven. I created you! Steven and the Stevens was my idea! Without me, you'd all be nothing! *gasps* That's it! *begins to laugh maniacally and uses the Hourglass*
All other Stevens: Steven, no!
[Trans. Beach City]
(Steven warps back to the point when he is about to make his first wish.)
Past Steven: I wish I could've been there to tell my dad you were too- Ah-gah!
Steven: *covers Past Steven's mouth* Don't start the band Steven! It will only tear us apart!
All other Stevens: HA-HA! We all have time things!
Steven: You'll never catch me, you turkeys! Ha! *time-travels away*
All other Stevens: We gotta stop me!
(The three Stevens time-travel away too, leaving Past Steven in shock.)
[Trans. Gem Glow episode]
(Gem Glow Steven buries a Cookie Cat wrapper in the ground and the Gems gather around him, when the four Stevens suddenly appear before them.)
Gem Glow Steven: I'm okay guys, I just... Wha-!?
Steven: Too far back!
(The other Stevens try to tackle Steven but he warps away. Gem Glow Steven then pukes after witnessing the untimely scene.)
[Trans. Rose's Room episode]
(The four Stevens appear in a room full of pink clouds and start fighting one another, when another group of four Stevens appear, as they tackle down their Handsome Steven. The original Steven warps away and the three Stevens pile onto the other group too, only to warp away too. Rose's Room Steven watches in confusion as he parachutes down from the slide he was on earlier.)
[Trans. Ocean Gem episode]
(Steven and the other Stevens, eight in total now, travel too far into the future and arrive what seems to be a sandy plains, with a cargo ship seen stuck on the ground in the background.)
Steven: Just take me back to the beginning!
[Trans. Sea Shrine]
(Steven warps back to the beginning, when he first retrieved the Hourglass from the Sea Shrine.)
Beginning Steven: Amethyst gets to keep hers!
Amethyst: *walks past, carrying her chosen hourglass* Darn tootin'!
Beginning Steven: I'm gonna get the one I picked out.
Garnet & Pearl: Steven!
Beginning Steven: *picks up the the Hourglass* My name's Steven-
Steven: *appears and interrupts* Stop right there! Give me the time thing, Steven.
Beginning Steven: Wait, are you future me?
Steven: Just hurry up and give it!
(Steven 2 and 3 then appear and knock down Steven. Another Handsome Steven appears behind Beginning Steven.)
Handsome Steven: Don't make me hurt me, Steven.
Beginning Steven: Why do you need it so bad?
Handsome Steven: Just give it to me!
(Handsome Steven begins wrestling with Beginning Steven for the Hourglass. Several other Stevens from alternate timelines begin to appear and fight one another too.)
Handsome Steven: Give it up, Steven! I know everything you're gonna do, before you do it! *manages to snatch the Hourglass and starts laughing maniacally* Huh?
(Handsome Steven looks down and notices a frightened Beginning Steven sitting in the water. He then looks around at the chaos of all the Stevens from different timelines fighting each other. A dumbfounded Garnet and Pearl watch on while Amethyst is busy counting the Steven.)
Handsome Steven: STOP IT!!!!!!
(All the other Stevens stop fighting and turn towards Handsome Steven.)
Handsome Steven: Look around you! This isn't right! *helps Beginning Steven up* When Steven fights Steven, who is the winner? What have we become?
(All the other Stevens begin to question themselves.)
Handsome Steven: We are not the Stevens we once were. And to fix that, I HAVE TO END IT! HAAAAA!!! *smashes Beginning Steven's Hourglass, destroying it*
(Every other Hourglasses in the Stevens' hands also begin to disappear. All the other Stevens then start to scream and disappear into the water, one by one.)
Gem Glow Steven: Steven, please! You gotta— AHH! *disappears away*
Handsome Steven: Steven! Dad can't play Beach-a-Palooza with you. The boat's fat, you gotta find another way!
Beginning Steven: I don't know what you're talking about!
Steven: Stay cool forever, Steven. *kisses Beginning Steven's cheek* Arrivederci.
(Handsome Steven then screams and disappears away, leaving behind a dumbfounded Beginning Steven, as water begins to gush in and flood the room in the background.)
[Trans. Ext. Beach City]
(Beginning Steven, now taking the place as the original Steven, performs "Steven and the Crystal Gems" at Beach-a-Palooza with the Gems instead of his father, with several residents of Beach City attending and listening. An ending card reading "The End" then appears after Steven finishes the song, ending the episode.)
[END]