(Open Int. Beach House: [Title Card: "Steven's Song Time"]
(Steven is seen standing on the Crystal Temple Warp Pad, holding an electric guitar connected to a speaker.)
Steven: Hi, guys! *waves*
Steven: Welcome to "Steven's Song Time"! Things have been pretty crazy lately, and... I've got a lot of feelings that are hard to talk about. So, I put them in a song. Oh, and I'll put up guitar tabs so you can learn to play along if you like.
(Steven gestures to the right, where a guitar fretboard is shown on the screen.)
Steven: These are strings for standard tuning.
(The strings on the guitar fretboard are shown one by one.)
Steven: And the dots are for your fingers.
(The E major guitar chord is shown and played, and Steven holds up four of his fingers, which are labelled from 1 to 4.)
Steven: Uh, okay. Here goes. The song is "Still Not Giving Up".
(Steven begins playing his electric guitar, as the guitar fretboard displays the various chords he plays during the song.)
Steven: ♪ Hey there, have you heard about the infamous Gem War? ♪ It all started long before I was born. ♪ Thousands of years of fighting, to protect the human race. ♪ It's been pretty tough keeping up the pace. ♪ I sure have made my fair share of mistakes. ♪ I didn't know that Rose Quartz was such a big deal. ♪ There's some wounds that even healing powers can't heal. ♪ Oh, I feel like I messed up. ♪ This magical destiny really kicked me in the butt. ♪ We've had some good times, and some pretty bad luck. ♪ But we're still in this together, ♪ And we're still not giving up! ♪ We're still not giving up! ♪ I'm still not giving up! ♪
(Stevens starts to tear up, as he vocalizes a part of "We Are the Crystal Gems".)
Steven: ♪ Da da da da da, ♪ Da da da da da da. ♪ Da da da da da da, ♪ Da da... ♪
(Steven concludes his song and wipes the tear off his eyes.)
Steven: Thanks for listening. If you've been having some difficult feeling lately, try writing a song about them. I'd love to hear it! Ok, I love you! Bye!
(A pink ending card with a music note on it then appears.)
[END]