[Open Int. Steven's Dreamscape]
(Steven slowly wakes up and finds himself in the middle of a lush grassy field, facing a group of flowers.)
Greg: *faintly* Steven? Steven? Steven.
[Trans. Int. Greg's Van, Night-time]
(Steven then wakes up in reality, with tears pouring down his face. He touches his tears and is shocked to find himself crying. He looks up inside the back of Greg's van to see a TV, playing a movie of a UFO abducting a cow.)
Greg: You okay, bud? You fell asleep during the movie. I was gonna let you sleep, you looked so cute. But, then you started crying, and that was less cute.
(Steven sits up and wipes away the tears from his face.)
Steven: Haha, no, I'm fine. I dunno why I was crying. M-my dream wasn't really sad.
(Steven yawns and Greg checks his watch.)
Greg: Oh gee, look at the time, and my classy new watch. Let's get you home, bud.
[Trans. Ext. Beach House]
(Greg beings Steven back home, and they walk toward the stairs to the house.)
Greg: Eh, you didn't miss much. Turns out they were abducting cows 'cause they needed milk for their cereal planet.
(Steven climbs up the stairs, abruptly stopping halfway up before turning around.)
Steven: Dad, before you go, can I ask you something?
Greg: Yeah, of course!
Steven: Did Mom ever talk to you about... Pink Diamond?
Greg: There were some things your mom didn't like to talk about. I never pressed her for details.
Steven: Why not?
Greg: *approaches Steven and sits down next to him on the stairs* Rose and I talked about tons of important stuff. Music, comic books, getting sand between your toes, y'know, feelings. We both made a lot of mistakes when we were young. I thought disco was coming back, she started a war, I think she felt like she needed to confess everything to me, but I told her, "The past is the past. All that matters to me is who you are now." And who she was, was an incredible, loving being.
Steven: *hugs Greg* Night, Dad.
Greg: *hugs Steven back* Night, Steven.
[Trans. Int. Steven's Room]
(Steven gets dressed into his pajamas, climbs into bed, and falls asleep, sighing.)
[Trans. Int. Steven's Dreamscape]
(Steven wakes up inside his dream again, in the middle of the lush field with flowers from earlier.)
Steven: I'm here again... huh? I guess I can look around. What is this place? What's... what is... woah...
(Steven spots the dilapidated overgrown remains of a Palanquin on his left, as the background music increases in volume intensity.)
[Trans. Int. Steven's Room]
(Steven suddenly sits up in his bed.)
Steven: Huh?
(Steven wipes his hand across his face, finding himself crying again, to his confusion.)
[Trans. Int. Beach House, The Next Day]
(Connie sweeps a bunch of papers off Steven's living room table, as Steven sits next to her and watches the papers scatter.)
Connie: *excitedly* Sorry, I'll clean that up later! *places the journal of Buddy Buddwick on the table* When you told me about your dream, I thought it sounded familiar.
(Connie flips through the pages of the journal, stopping on the entry for the Palanquin.)
Steven: *gasps* That's it! The... palan-quin.
Connie: Actually, it's pronounced palankeen.
(The sound of the Warp Pad activating is then heard.)
Steven: It's the Gems! They've gotta know about this thing!
(Steven grabs the journal and runs toward the warp pad to greet the Gems, as Connie follows.)
Steven: Wheee!
Connie: Wo-hooo!
Amethyst: Yo.
Steven: Hey, do you know anything about this thing?
(Steven shows the journal entry featuring the Palanquin to the Gems. Amethyst leans in for a closer look.)
Amethyst: Hmm... Steven, you deserve to know the truth. And the truth is... I have no idea what that thing is, I've never seen it before in my life.
Pearl: Excuse me, Amethyst, allow me. *looks at the journal entry* Uhh... well... It appears to be an illustration in some kind of journal.
Steven: C'mon, you know what I mean. I had a dream where I saw this thing. Connie and I were wondering if maybe-
Pearl: S-Steven, why don't you and Connie-
Garnet: You can't go there!
(Everyone looks at Garnet in shock.)
Steven: Why not?
Amethyst: *scoots next to Steven* Yeah, why not?
(Garnet is hesitant to say anything, and Steven sighs in disappointment as he closes the journal.)
Steven: I thought you were going to tell me everything from now on.
Pearl: Oh, Steven... We...
Steven: Does this have anything to do with Pink Diamond? I already know Mom shattered her, so what is it about this that you can't tell me?
(Pearl covers her mouth in sorrow and glances over to Garnet.)
Garnet: Please, you're making Pearl very upset.
Steven: NO! I'm very upset!
(Connie and Amethyst exchange worried glances as they backs away from the heated conversation.)
Garnet: We're. Not. Going. Rose never wanted you to see this place.
Steven: Rose wanted- *getting angry* Urgh!- WHAT ABOUT WHAT I WANT? I'm sick of everyone lying to me! Rose is my mom, out of anyone, DON'T I DESERVE TO KNOW THE TRUTH?!
(Amethyst begins munching on a box of popcorn, offering it to Connie, who silently rejects it.)
Garnet: This isn't the time.
Steven: I. DON'T. CARE! I wanna go there NOW!!
Garnet: Steven!
Connie: I'm sorry... I- I shouldn't have brought the book.
Steven: *shouting* Yes you should've brought it. It's lucky something has some information that I don't have to GET OUT OF THEM!!!!
(Steven points at Garnet and Pearl in frustration.)
Steven: Connie, I need to borrow this book.
Connie: Okay, just be careful. I gotta return it to the library in a week.
Steven: Thanks. *walks off*
Connie: Wait, Steven, where are you-
(Garnet rests her hand on Connie's shoulder.)
[Trans. Ext. Beach House]
(Steven sits outside on the stairs, gazing at the Palanquin page in Buddy's journal, when Garnet comes out to talk to him.)
Garnet: Steven... D-Don't go. You have to trust me.
Steven: I don't understand, Garnet. At least you're usually honest with me.
Garnet: I really want to be, but if I tell you why you shouldn't go, you'll only want to go more.
Steven: *shocked* What?! Well, now I really wanna go!
Garnet: Th- Ugh, I shouldn't have said that. You can't go, because I can't go with you.
Steven: Why not?
(Garnet turns away and says nothing.)
Steven: Garnet, why not?!
Garnet: I-I'm scared. I-I-I can't get near her.
Steven: Ah! Her! Her who?
Garnet: Ah, shoot, now I've made it more interesting! Steven please, just stay here. *removes her visor* For me.
Steven: I won't.
Garnet: *sighs* I know.
(A bead of tear forms on Garnet's eye as Steven walks away.)
[Trans. Ext. It's A Wash; Greg's Van]
(Steven knocks on the back door of Greg's van, waking up Greg, who is sleeping inside.)
Steven: Dad, I need your help.
Greg: Is everything o-
Steven: There's this place I saw in a dream, and it's real. *shows Greg the journal entry* But the Gems won't tell me anything about it. It has something to do with Pink Diamond. I know you didn't want to get involved with Mom's past, but I wanna know the truth. Doesn't that matter at all?
Greg: Of course it does!
Steven: Really?
Greg: *holds out his hand* Let me see that.
(Steven hands Greg Buddy's journal and he reads the journal entry.)
Greg: And the Gems won't take you?
Steven: No.
Greg: Well I know a guy who will.
[Trans. The Sky]
(Steven and Greg begins flying in a small plane, piloted by Andy.)
Andy: So the Universes are goin' to Korea?
Steven: Thank you for the ride, Uncle Andy!
Andy: Ah, it's no problem. Like they say, family helps family... find mysterious ancient artifacts.
Steven: It's gonna be very serious work. No time for fun at all.
Greg: Well, isn't there time for a little fun?
Steven: Hmm...
[Trans. Int. Korea]
(Greg and Steven begins exploring Korea like tourists. They have fun by enjoying local food, sight-seeing, and trying on Korean clothes. At one point, they even visit an animation studio, where an artist is drawing concept arts for "Steven Universe", which freaks Greg out.)
[Time-Skip]
(A bus drops Steven and Greg off at the foot of a mountain ridge, as it drives off before Greg can thank it.)
Greg: Kamsahamni...da? Aw, what's the hurry?
Steven: This is it.
(Steven begins walking into the ridge, as Greg follows behind.)
Greg: You sure this is the place?
Steven: Yeah, it's hard to explain, but... I can feel it.
Greg: Huh, sure is pretty here. So does any of this look familiar to you? Steven? *notices Steven crying again* Whoa! You okay? It's happening again.
Steven: I-I'm fine. Let's keep going.
Greg: C'mon, let's take a break. I think this mountain is really messing me up.
Steven: No, dad, this can only mean we're getting closer. C'mon!
(The pair keeps advancing till they reach a fence, with a sign attached to it, reading "KEEP OUT!" in both English and Korean. A smaller wooden sign below it reads 'Please' in a neat handwriting.)
Steven: Look!
Greg: This feels familiar.
Steven: Dad, help me jump the fence.
Greg: Oh, boy. we're doing this.
(Steven hops over the fence, followed by Greg's shopping bags, and then Greg himself, landing roughly on the ground.)
Greg: Oof, your dad can't really jump fences like he used to.
Steven: Dad! Look...
(The pair sees a blue Palanquin, appearing to be unscathed, and approaches it.)
Steven: This is it. But... it's different? I-In my dream, it was all broken down, and pink! It's in perfect condition.
Greg: Maybe it got a paint job?
Blue Diamond: *faintly* Oh, Pink. I'm sorry... I'm so sorry...
(Hearing the voice, Greg and Steven peek through the bushes to see a giant hooded figure, accompanied by another person kneeling on the ground, speaking to the dilapidated pink Palanquin.)
Blue Diamond: I should've done more. Yellow says it'll all be over soon. I wonder what you would think. This is your planet, after all. I still think it is.
Greg: Steven, do you know her?
(Steven collapses into a sitting position behind the bushes, crying profusely from his eyes.)
Greg: Whoa, buddy!
Steven: My dreams... I was seeing through her eyes! I've been crying her tears!
Blue Diamond: What are you doing over there?
(Steven and Greg flinch in shock, as the accompanying person, revealing to be a blue Pearl, walks over to inspect.)
Blue Pearl: I thought I heard someone.
Greg: Don't worry, I'll handle this.
Blue Pearl: I think we're not alone.
(Greg pops up from behind the bush, startling Blue Pearl.)
Greg: Hey! Uh... nice day out, huh? Uh, I didn't see you there. What's uh, what's... up?
Blue Diamond: Pearl?
Blue Pearl: *turns and does the Gem salute* My Diamond, I've found a native. *bows*
Greg: Oh yeah, I'm from here alright. *climbs out of the bushes* Annyeonghaseyo, Your... Highness. *bows nervously*
Blue Diamond: Bring it here.
(Blue Pearl and Greg both walk over to the hooded figure.)
Steven: *whispering* Dad, no!
Blue Diamond: How curious. I'm impressed by humanity's ability to survive in the wild. What a strange planet. Where else would a being as fragile as a human live, while a being as powerful as a Diamond, perish? This is where it happened, where she was... broken.
Greg: Were you close?
Blue Diamond: Very.
Greg: I-I'm awfully sorry. I know how hard it is to move on when you've lost someone.
(The hooded figure turns her face towards Greg, revealing to Blue Diamond.)
Blue Diamond: You do?
(A tear drop drips out of Blue Diamond's eye, which affects Steven as well, as tear flows from his eye too.)
Greg: I lost someone very important to me, too. I miss her every single day, and I think about her all the time. But she's never coming back. That feeling can be so hard to be okay with.
Blue Diamond: I'm surprised that a human being is capable of understanding how I feel. It's a shame. There's a geo-weapon incubating in your planet that will destroy everything shortly. But you don't deserve that, do you?
Greg: Geo-weapon, huh?
Blue Diamond: *inches towards Greg* You know, I really shouldn't be here. But I'm glad I came back one last time. I can save one last piece of her legacy.
Greg: Oh yeah?
(Blue Diamond suddenly grabs Greg, keeping him within the grasp of her hand.)
Steven: *whisper-yells*Dad!
(Blue Diamond extends her arm forward, summoning a large blue hand ship hidden in the clouds  in the background.)
Greg: That's a... big... arm!
(The legs of the blue Palanquin retract, and it hovers over to Blue Diamond as she begins walking toward it.)
Greg: Whoa! Put me down, please! Whoa, whoa! Put me down, Your Highness!
(The Palanquin lands in front of Blue Diamond, and she and Blue Pearl step into it before shutting itself closed.)
Steven: Dad, Dad!
(Steven runs out of the bushes after the Palanquin, as it ascends into the palm of the hand ship, gripping onto the Palanquin.)
Steven: STOP!
(Steven jumps from the ground, floating high into the sky after the hand ship. The ship starts turning around to face up into space. Steven is about to reach the ship, when it warps into faster-than-light travel, disappearing instantly. The force from the warp forces Steven back towards the ground.)
Steven: Dad...
(Steven continues to fall, when Garnet suddenly leaps in and catches him in midair. She lands back on the ground and embraces Steven.)
Garnet: Steven, I'm s- I'm sorry!
Steven: Garnet!
Garnet: I saw you come here, I saw Blue Diamond on Earth, I saw her see me and find all of us, I couldn't be here with you!
Steven: She took my dad! It's all my fault! I should've listened to you! What are we gonna do, Garnet?
Garnet: We're going to space. We're going to get him back.
[END]