[Open Int. Beach House, Night-time]
(Sounds of the waves can be heard echoing all around the dark empty house. The temple Warp Pad then lights up and the Crystal Gems warp in, with Steven looking ever so happy to be back home after being so far away at the barn.)
Steven: We're finally home! *stretches out his hands in excitement* Oh hello house!
(Garnet flicks a switch, turning on the lights, and Steven runs up to his bedroom.)
Steven: Hello, bed! *flops onto his bed* Hello, TV! *stands in front of the TV, speaking to it* We've got some catching up to do. *goes to the kitchen* Hello, kitchen! hello, food- ohhhh!
(Steven opens the fridge and then collapses backwards, as if being hit by an invisible force.)
Amethyst: Uh oh, that cake go bad?
Steven: That was a cake!?
[Trans. Ext. Crystal Temple]
(Steven runs out of the house and along the beach towards Beach City.)
Steven: Hello, Temple! Hello, Beach City! Hello, town! And hello, my favorite place to get a snack, the Big Donut!- is CLOSED!?
(Steven runs towards the Big Donut as fast as he can, when Sadie is closing up the shop for the night.)
Sadie: Oh hey, Steven, haven't seen you for a while. You missed all the earthquakes.
Steven: *panting* I was out in the field saving the world.
Sadie: Wow, nice.
Steven: Are you closing up? I really wanted a donut. *presses his face through the glass window* There's gotta be at least one in here.
Sadie: Sorry, I already set the alarm for the night.
Steven: But Sadie! I've been gone so long, and all the food in our house went bad, and I'm just starving.
Sadie: Um, I think Fish Stew Pizza is still open.
Steven: *hesitates* I don't know if I'm hungry enough for a meal.
Sadie: But you're starving?
Steven: No, I'm dying! Blaaah! *falls backwards, pretending to be dead*
Sadie: Well, if you're dead now, I guess you can't come by tomorrow.
Steven: *quickly gets up* I won't be dead then, what happens tomorrow?
Sadie: If you didn't know, we started baking our own donuts after that workplace safety lawsuit was thrown out. So if you get here tomorrow right when the shop opens, you can have the very first- (A close-up of Sadie's lips is shown.) fresh... donut of the day.
Steven: What an honor. First thing tomorrow, I'll be here when the store opens just to taste your first delicious donut of the day!
Sadie: Yeah sure, later Steven. *walks off*
[Trans. Ext. Beach House]
(Steven is sitting outside on the porch, setting an alarm on his Cookie Cat alarm clock.)
Steven: Hmmmm, Six fifty-five A.M. That should give me enough time to get to the Big Donut right when it opens at 7, and I can start another beautiful Beach City day. *runs to the railings and sighs in relief* It feels so good to be home. Hello, Beach City! It's great to be back!
(Steven leaps in overwhelming joy, unknowingly jumping up really high, and finds himself floating in front of the face of the Temple Statue.)
Steven: Whoa... I jumped super high! I didn't know I could do that!
(Steven then begins to float back down onto the porch, and he stands in a daze for a brief moment.)
Steven: Oh my gosh, this is a new power! It's like I'm super light! *jumps and floats down to the beach* Whooaa. I can jump really high and float down really slow! Jump, float. Jump, float. Jump... *jumps to the top of the Lighthouse above the Temple* Aaand jump!
(Steven jumps into the clouds, as an airplane from Dhawar Airlines passes by.)
Air Hostess on Dhawar Airlines: The captain has turned on the seat belt sign, looks like we got some boys in the sky ahead of us.
Steven: Wow.
(Steven looks around him in excitement, observing the beauty of the sky and the ocean, as he begins to descend slowly towards the ground.)
Steven: Beach City looks so small from up here. Oh man, I wanna jump around Funland. *wiggles his legs in the air* Huh?
(Steven tries to push himself downwards, but he continues to descend at a constant slow rate.)
Steven: Hmmm.....I guess it might take a while to land. Maybe I shouldn't have jumped so high. Oh Steven, how do you keep getting in these predicaments?
(Steven then see Amethyst exiting the Beach House and heading towards the beach.)
Steven: Hey, it's Amethyst, she can help me. Amethyst! Hey! Over here! *waves wildly*
Amethyst: *unable to hear or see Steven too far up* Yo, Steven, are you still up? Last chance for some cake.
Steven: Ugh, she can't hear me. I'm too far away.
(Steven looks around for something to get Amethyst's attention. He removes his right flip-flop and hurls it downwards. It lands besides Amethyst and she walks over to look down at it.)
Steven: No no, look up here! *takes off his other flip-flop and hurls it, hitting Amethyst in the face*
Amethyst: Hey! Who's the wise guy?! *looks up and finally notices Steven*
Steven: She saw me, she saw me! *waves his arms*
Amethyst: Oh, there's Steven! Just flying around. *walks back towards the house*
Steven: No, Amethyst! Come back! *keeps flailing his arms around*
(Amethyst walks up to the door, ready to enter the house, when she pauses to ponder.)
Amethyst: Wait, can Steven fly? Yeah, I think I remember that. *enters the house, and exits again a few seconds later* No no, I'm thinking of Lapis. *shouts* Hey, Steven! How did you learn how to fly?
Steven: *shouts* Amethyst! Go get help!
Amethyst: *shouts back* What!?
Steven: *sighs* She can't hear me.
(Amethyst begins jumping really high to talk to Steven.)
Amethyst: Hey, Air Steve.
Steven: Amethyst, I need you to... (Amethyst falls back down to the ground.) Dang, too slow. Better ask quicker.
Amethyst: *jumps back up* What'd you say?
Steven: I could really use your assistance dealing with the sudden appearance of... (Amethyst falls back down.) Ah rats... (Amethyst returns.) ...of a power previously unbeknownst to me which I can't control... (Amethyst falls) Umm...
Amethyst: *returns, looking rather annoyed* Dude, summarize.
Steven: Go get Garnet!
[Time-Skip]
(Garnet is now on the beach, looking up at Steven and pondering, while Amethyst waits for her response.)
Garnet: Hmmm....
Amethyst: Well, Garnet?
Garnet: Hmmmmmmm......
(Pearl suddenly pops in, freaking out.)
Pearl: What are you all doing!? Steven is falling; he needs our help. I'll catch you, Steven!
(Pearl starts running backwards around in her panic, holding her arms out and trying to find out where Steven will land.)
Amethyst: I think it's gonna be a while.
(Garnet jumps away and noises are heard, implying she breaks a window, triggers a car alarm, and knocks over trash cans. She then returns with a phone in her hand.)
Garnet: I've found a phone.
Amethyst: Whose is it?
Garnet: That's not important.
(Garnet dials Steven's number on the phone. Steven's phone begins to rings, revealing it to be Kofi's phone, and Steven answers.)
Steven: Hello?
Garnet: Ground control to Steven Universe.
Pearl: *yells through the phone* Steven! Are you okay?
(Garnet puts Kofi's phone on speaker.)
Steven: Oh, yeah, I'm fine.
Amethyst: See, he's got this.
Steven: Not exactly, I think this is some kind of new power.
Garnet: Rose could regulate the speed of her descent.
Amethyst: Yeah, and she could control how fast she fell.
Garnet: That's what I said.
Pearl: Steven, try falling a little faster.
Steven: I can't figure out how, and it's taking forever to reach the ground. Can you guys just keep me company until I land?
(The Gems begins to do their best to help Steven pass the night comfortably. Amethyst hurls a soda can at Steven, and then a bag of chips, but it accidentally hits a seagull passing by.)
Amethyst: Oooh...
(Garnet then begins playing checkers with Steven. Steven makes a move, then Garnet discovers a chain and captures all of Steven's pieces in one fell swoop.)
Steven: Wha... *sighs at his loss*
(Steven keeps descending ever so slowly as the sun begins to rise. Pearl plays a picture-guessing game on the sand with Steven.)
Steven: Is it a broom? No, it's a spear!
(Pearl gives Steven a thumbs-up. Suddenly in the background, Steven's Cookie Cat alarm goes off.)
Amethyst: Hey, Steven, why is your alarm going off?
(Steven gasps heavily as he flashes back to the previous night.)
Steven: Six fifty five A.M. That should give me enough time to get to the Big Donut right when it opens at 7.
Donut (Steven's Imagination in Sadie's voice)
fresh...
Steven: Oh, nuts, my donuts! *speaks into his phone* Guys, I need to get down right now!
(Garnet turns off the alarm clock while Amethyst holds onto Kofi's phone.)
Amethyst: What's the hurry, dude? You got nowhere to be.
Pearl: He's clearly very tired from being up all night, and he's eager to get some sleep.
Steven: *through the phone's speaker* There's no time to explain, just help me down!
Amethyst: How're we supposed to do that?
Pearl: Maybe we can weigh him down?
(Pearl jumps up and puts a heavy jacket on Steven.)
Steven: It's not enough, keep it coming!
(Amethyst hands Steven a bowling ball.)
Steven: More, more!
(Garnet bring a boat from the sea and places it on Steven.)
Steven: Nnnnn, I don't think this is working. (Steven struggles to hold everything while no velocity was gained.)
(Pearl and Garnet climb aboard the boat while Amethyst, as Purple Puma, tries to weigh it down.)
Steven: Nothing's working, is there anything else you could put on me?
Garnet: Just this alarm clock.
Steven: Nnnnn, I don't think this is working. (Steven struggles to hold everything while no velocity was gained.)
(Garnet pulls out the Cookie Cat alarm clock and shows it to Steven. It displays "7:26" as the current time. Steven looks at the time in disappointment.)
Steven: It's past 7:00. *sighs* Thanks for trying guys, but there's no point any more.
Amethyst: Sorry, Steven. *lets go of the boat*
Pearl: Sorry, Steven. *jumps off the boat*
Garnet: It wasn't meant to be. *jumps off too*
Steven: Huh... *flips over, causing everything to fall off of him* It was 'too' meant to be. *sighs in disappointment* My first day back, and it's already ruined. I wonder who will get my donut instead of me.
(Steven begins imagining the scenario in the Big Donut.)
Steven: Probably Peedee, he'll be up for his morning jog. Mr. Smiley will have the second donut. Lars will embezzle one. Ronaldo will buy one that he thinks is a mutant. Onion will buy one, and take it for granted. And then Mayor Dewey will order a dozen, and then a dozen dozen for the whole town, and then a dozen dozen dozen for all the starving children of the world!
(Steven imagines small cartoony children surrounding the Earth, holding out their donuts and cheering in joy.)
Steven: But not for Steven.
(Steven imagine Sadie preparing a special donut on a pillow with a card named "Steven" especially for him.)
Steven: They'll say, "Where's Steven? We saved a donut for him." They won't see me, because I'm in the sky. And then they'll feed my donut to a dog.
(Steven imagines Sadie feeding his donut to a stray dog.)
Steven: And then I'll die...
(Steven imagines his skeleton falling from the sky.)
Sadie (Steven's imagination)
*picks up Steven's skull* "Alas! Poor Steven, I knew him well."
Steven: Noooooo!
(Steve's skull starts screaming, when Steven wakes up from his daydream, realizing he is now falling towards the ground at a faster speed.)
Steven: Huh? I'm falling. Oh jeez, I'm falling! *calls out to the Gems* GUYS!
(The Gems, however, are busy discussing on the beach on how to get Steven down, and do not notice Steven falling.)
Amethyst: Yeah, but if he did have a jetpack, he could just put it on upside down.
Steven: Uh, they still can't hear me. Oh, my phone! *checks his pockets and cannot find it* I dropped my phone! Why do my powers keep coming and going? I was just so happy to be home. *suddenly realizes* Wait! That's it! Happiness, my floating power's tied to my emotions. *facepalms* Ugh, right, just like all my stupid powers!
(Steven starts falling at an even faster speed.)
Steven: Okay, right, I can control this! I just have to think happy thoughts and no negative thoughts. So, what makes me happy? Donuts? No, I'm not gonna get any. *imagines a donut, which quickly disappears with a poof* The beach? No, that's where I'm going to die. *imagines himself falling into the sand and creating a Steven-shaped hole* Mom?
(Steven imagine Rose Quartz, but he pushes her away like a picture card.)
Steven: Oh jeez, those emotions are complicated! Come on, come on brain, time is running out! I just need something that makes me happy, something I can depend on to cheer me up! *looks down and sees the Crystal Gems* My guys... They spent all night just to keep me company. No matter how much I mess up, they'll be there to help me.
(Steven's descend begins to slow down. Back on the beach, the Gems are still discussing about the situation, while Garnet is smiling to herself.)
Pearl: But if he can't control his power-
Garnet: It's all right.
Pearl: How is it all right!?
Garnet: By now, Steven has realized that his powers are tied to his emotions, just like I knew would happen. He's used the memories of happy and sad things to land safely behind us, ready to give us a hug.
(Steven lands hard on his face in the sand behind Garnet, mis-predicting the outcome a little.)
Garnet: Close enough.
Steven: *lifts up his head up excitedly* Guys!
(Steven runs towards the Gems to hug them, but Garnet halts him.)
Garnet: Wait! You have somewhere else to be.
Steven: What?
Garnet: There's no time, run to the Big Donut. Run! *points away*
Steven: Uh, okay! *runs away*
Pearl: ... I would've liked a hug.
(Steven starts running towards the Big Donut.)
Steven: No way. No way. *picks up his pace in increasing delight* No way, no way, no way! Whoa...
(Steven leaps and floats forward to the Big Donut, stumbling on the ground as Sadie is opening the shop for the day.)
Steven: *runs up to Sadie excitedly* You're just opening? I thought I was late!
Sadie: Late? We always open at 7:30 on Sundays. *enters the shop*
Steven: Ugh, duh... *enters too*
Sadie: Well, you're just in time, here you go. *holds out a donut on a plate* My treat, a fresh baked frosted donut with sprinkles.
Steven: My FAVORITE!
(Steven jumps in joy and accidentally crashes into the ceiling, cracking it.)
Steven: Ugh...!
Sadie: *cringes* Oh...
Steven: Oh bother...
(The star iris closes on the donut Sadie is holding, ending the episode.)