[Open Int. Beach House]
(Connie packs her belongings in her bag, as she prepares to leave Steven's home.)
Steven: Thanks again for protecting Beach City while I was gone, Connie.
Connie: No problem! *salutes Steven* And now that you're back from space, I officially relinquish control of your bed to you.
Steven: *salutes back* Thank you for keeping it warm, sir.
(Steven and Connie start laughing together.)
Connie: I hope your dad liked the new car wash sign!
(Both begin walking towards the door)
Steven: He loved it! I'm sure it'll look great when the Gems are done putting it up.
Connie: I hope they're back in time for me to say bye.
Steven: Uhh... It might be a while? You wouldn't believe how many of them it takes to screw in a lightbulb.
Connie: *opens the door* I wonder where my mom is. She should've been here to pick me up by now.
(Connie dials her phone and calls her mom. A voicemail message is heard.)
Priyanka Maheswaran (voicemail)
You've reached Doctor Maheswaran. Please leave a message. And if you're one of my patients, you shouldn't have this number!
Connie: She's not answering.
Steven: Well, look on the bright side! Now we can hang out a little longer, I'm sure she'll show up eventually.
Connie: I don't want to impose, I mean, you must have a lot to think about after your space adventure. You almost lost your dad, and all that stuff about the Diamonds, and your mom? I'd understand if you need some space.
Steven: Nah! The last thing I need right now is more space.
Connie: Okay! What do you wanna do?
[Time-Skip; Evening]
(Steven and Connie are seen playing a game similar to Mad Libs, after playing a bunch of other board games. Steven fills in the blanks while Connie, seemingly in unrest, provides the words.)
Steven: The last word is a noun.
Connie: Umm. "Multi-hulled watercraft".
Steven: Okay, here it goes. The "wiggly" baker baked some new "wacky" pastries. There were "snail" puffs, "lawn mower" pies, and "entropy" muffins! Everyone was so "fuzzy" that they ate everything! Even the cheese caked shaped like a "multi-hulled watercraft"! *laughs aloud*
(All while Steven is reading the passage, Connie attempts to call her mom and ending up reaching her voicemail again.)
Connie: This is really weird. My mom always answers her phone.
Steven: Hmm... Oh! How about I give you a ride home on Lion?
Connie: It's not getting home I'm worried about! What if she shows up here and we're gone? We should probably stay put until she comes.
Steven: Well, while we're still waiting, how about another weird word game?
Connie: Okay.
Steven: Alright! Let's see what we got here. The first one is an adjective.
Connie: "Accidental".
Steven: "Accidental", and the next one's a noun.
Connie: Umm "Mishap"!
Steven: "Mishap". Adverb?
Connie: "Unexpectedly"!
Steven: Past tense verb?
Connie: "Crashed"!
Steven: ...Noun?
Connie: "Explosion"!
Steven: Wow, you're really worried about your mom, huh?
Connie: Yeah, it's just she's never late for anything.
(Connie tries to calm down, by meditating and taking a deep breath, when they heard footsteps outside the house.)
Dr. Maheswaran: Hello? I'm coming in! *bursts into the house* Connie!
Connie: Mom! *runs and hugs her mother* Mom, what happened? I kept calling but you weren't answering! I was starting to freak out.
Dr. Maheswaran: The surgery went wrong, and then I had to cover for Dr. Stromberg, again! My phone died, I suspect one of my patients stole my charger... *sighs* I'm so sorry Connie.
Connie: It's okay, Mom. Everything's fine now.
(Steven watches in somber, yet satisfaction as Connie reunites with her mom.)
[Trans Ext. Beach House]
(Steven stands on the porch, sending Connie and Dr. Mahaswaran off.)
Dr. Maheswaran: Thank you, and letting Connie stay late.
Connie: Night, Steven!
Steven: Night, Connie!
Dr. Maheswaran: So, he's back from the spa, huh?
Connie: No, I said space!
Dr. Maheswaran: Huh.
(Steven walks back inside the house, now all alone in his own home. He walks in and glances up at the painting of Rose. Sighing, he heads to the shower, where he changes out of his loincloth and takes off his earrings. Afterwards, he warms up some dinner and prepares to eat it. Again, he gets distracted by the painting of Rose and begins to get uncomfortable. He then decides to go outside to eat on the porch, when it starts to rain.)
Steven: Huh, it's nice.
(Steven begins to eat, when the rain instantly worsens, with strong winds and lightning strikes. Startled and soaked, Steven quickly runs back inside the house and sits down on the living room couch. He looks at his dinner in disappointment, half of it blown away by the wind earlier, and glances at the painting of Rose again.)
Steven: *sighs* You know, sometimes I wonder if it's even you up there, smiling all day and night. I just want to know the real you. Not the you that everyone tells me about. I... just want to know the truth.
Steven's gem begins to glow and the Temple Gate opens up to Rose's room. Steven glances at the painting again, and at the opened temple door.
[Trans Int. Rose's Room]
Steven enters the room cautiously, as the door vanishes behind him.
Steven: Uhh... Hey room! It's been a bit huh? Is that a new cloud? *chuckles sheepishly* So, I suppose you're wondering why I'm here, I know nothing in here is real but... I wanna see my mom.
(Rose Quartz appears from clouds and Steven blushes. Rose walks up to Steven and kneels before him.)
Rose: Hello Steven.
Steven: Umm... It's- It's nice to meet you. *holds out his hand*
Rose: *giggles and shakes Steven's hand* It's nice to meet you too.
Steven: *giggles* Sorry, this is a little weird for me.
Rose: That's okay, so what do you wanna do?
Steven: Oh, uhh... I guess I hadn't thought that far ahead. Do you like video games?
(A game console appears beside Steven. Steven and Rose begin to play a game called "Lonely Arms".)
Rose: So tell me about this game Steven.
Steven: Well... I guess it's an arm wrestling simulator, which is a spinoff of a fighting game. Based on a show about a lonely swordsman that I like. It's kinda weird and hard to explain, but, that's why I like it.
Rose: That sounds just marvelous.
(Steven and Rose play the game as Lonely Blade and Outgoing Fist respectively, and Steven beats Rose in the game.)
Steven: Yeah, I won!
Rose: Yay, you won.
Steven: What else do kids do with their parents?
(A football appears in front of Steven and he grabs it. Rose and Steven then begin throwing the football back and forth at each other.)
Rose: Nice catch, son. *gives a thumbs-up*
Steven: This is fun. *throws the football* Or would baseball be better?
Rose: Steven. All sports are beautiful. *chases after the football* Each sport is a unique experience. The adrenaline, the glory. *catches the football and spins around* The sheer feats of athleticism, each one of them so complicated. *floats onto the ground* And yet, exactly the same.
Steven: *in awe* Whoa.
Rose: Hey Steven!
(Rose holds the football on the ground for Steven to kick.)
Steven: You know, I always thought there was something strange about my adolescence. Maybe this is what I've been missing. Football!
(Steven runs towards the football and right before he can kick it, Rose removes the football at the last second, causing him miss and flies into the air.)
Steven: AAUGH! *falls onto the ground, and he and Rose laugh* Touchdown!
Rose: Steven.
(Rose pats the ground, and Steven sits down next to her.)
Steven: I've been, uh thinking about you a lot. More than usual.
Rose: Is that so?
Steven: Yeah, well...for my whole life, I've been hearing stories about you. About how amazing you were. That you were so kind and loving. And every time I'd see the painting hanging of you in the temple, you inspired. And reminded of how much I had to live up to you. I've, uh... *chuckles nervously* Even thought about dying my hair pink. More than once.
Rose: *giggles and ruffles Steven's hair* There's nothing wrong with your hair. It's wonderful just the way it is. Wonderful in every way. Just like you: (Steven lies against Rose's lap, and she embraces him.)
Steven: Wow... this is it. It-it's really nice. *begins tearing up* I-I should have tried this a long time ago.
Rose: But Steven, don't you realize? We've been together this whole time.
Steven: Oh! *laughs* That's- That's right! *sniffles and gets up* Oh, this is the first time we've hung out together. *takes out his phone* I gotta capture this moment!
(Steven prepares to snap a selfie of himself and Rose, when he look at the phone screen and sees only himself, in a black background, in the camera.)
Steven: There's nothing here but me. I'm just... talking to myself. *gets up, keeps his phone and looks at Rose* You're not my mom.
Rose: I'm not?
Steven: This is how I want you to be. But I don't know if this is who you really are.
(The atmosphere in the room quickly turn dark.)
Steven: I've learned things about you. Things you wanted to keep secret. You locked Bismuth away inside of Lion, because she wanted to shatter Gems, and you never told Garnet or Pearl. But then you shattered Pink Diamond! Now all of Homeworld has it out for Earth, and the Crystal Gems, and me! You put us all in danger, and you just... disappeared!
(Thunder rumbles and lightning strikes in the room, startling Steven. Strong wind begins to blow, lifting Steven away and knocking onto the ground. Rose begins floating in the air, with a dark shadow cast upon her face.)
Steven: I finally know the truth. I know what you are! You're a liar! I thought you'd never want to hurt anyone, but you hurt everyone! How could you just leave Garnet, and Amethyst and Pearl, and-and Dad?! They don't know what to do without you! *gets up from the ground* Maybe they didn't matter to you, as much as hiding the mess you made! And that's why I'm here, isn't it?! Did you just make me, so you just wouldn't have to deal with your mistakes?!
(Rose remains silent in the storm. Steven sighs and falls to his knees in sorrow.)
Steven: Is that what I'm all here for?...
(Rose floats down in front of Steven, and the storm calms down.)
Rose: Steven, you know that isn't true. In the tape I left you, I told you I how much I wanted to have you and let you exist. Do you think what I said to you in the tape was a lie?
Steven: *looks away* No... I'm sure- I'm sure you meant it.
(Rose walks over and gives Steven a hug. It then begins to rain in the room.)
Steven: I get it. I know you didn't want me to deal with your problems. You're a part of me now. I have to deal with what you left behind.
(Steven hugs Rose tighter, as she disappears into clouds.)
[Trans Int. Beach House]
(Steven sadly emerges out of Rose's room. He heads over to the couch to lie down and turns away in somber.)
Greg: Hey, schtu-ball!
(The front door opens as Greg and the Gems walk into the house.)
Greg: Guess who's back in jean shorts! And guess who also got you a pizza? *sets the pizza on the table* It was me! *hugs Steven*
Steven: Dad! Amethyst? Garnet? And Pearl, too?
Greg: They were all out of pepperoni by the way, so I just got you mushroom. I hope that's alright.
(The star iris begins closing on Steven as he picks up a pizza slice.)
Steven: It's perfect.
[END]