[Open Ext. Crystal Temple]
(Steven and Connie are sitting on the top-right hand of the Crystal Temple statue, tuning their ukulele and violin respectively. The pair then proceeds to sing a duet, namingly "The Jam Song".)
Steven: *playing his ukulele* ♫ The sun is bright, our shirts are clean. / We're sitting up above the sea. / Come on and share this jam with me. ♫
Connie: *playing her violin* ♫ Peach or plum or strawberry, any kind is fine, you see. / Come on and share this jam with me! / I'll do my best, to give this jam the sweetness it deserves. ♫
Steven: ♫ And I'll keep it fresh, I'm jamming on these tasty preserves! ♫
Steven & Connie: ♫ Ingredients in harmony, we mix together perfectly, come on and share this jam with me! ♫
Steven: WOO-HOO! Jam buds!
Connie: Nice jam session! *puts her violin back in the case*
Steven: Don't forget the best part!
(Steven spreads some strawberry jam on a biscuit and prepares to eat it, when a flock of seagulls approaches and growls at Steven. Steven screams and flinches, when he sees Connie using her violin bow to fend them off.)
Connie: Yah! Hah! Hi-yah! Run back to your masters! Tell them we're not afraid of your kind!
Steven: *giggles* Thanks for saving my jam snack. Unfortunately, it's not safe from me. *eats the jam snack* You're such a good sword fighter, Connie.
Connie: Really? *glances at her violin bow* I was just swinging this thing around. I don't really know what I'm doing, but I'd love to learn how to use a real sword!
Steven: Oh! *swallows the snack and gets starry eyes* Steven has an idea!
[Trans. Int. Beach House]
Pearl: You want me to do what?
Steven: You should teach Connie to sword-fight, she's already so good!
Connie: *blushes* Steven!
Steven: But you are! You helped me fight the robot floaty-thing, she took down that evil clone of herself, uh... those mean seagulls just now...
Pearl: You're awfully young to begin something like this. But, I suppose I was only a few thousand years old when I began fighting alongside Rose Quartz.
(Connie raises her hand for Pearl's attention.)
Pearl: Yes, Connie?
Connie: Please, I wanna learn! *blushes* I mean, I don't know what'll happen in the future, but if something dangerous comes along, I don't wanna be a burden, I wanna help! I wanna be there for Steven, to fight by his side! The Earth is my home too, can't I help protect it?
Pearl: *touched with tears of joy* Oh... Okay...! *stands up and wipes away her tears* If that's how you feel, we should get started! *walks off*
Steven: Woo-hoo! *follows Pearl*
Connie: Wait, now?
[Trans. Ext. Ancient Sky Arena]
(Pearl, Steven, and Connie arrive on the Warp Pad just outside the main arena. Pearl is carrying a sword that Connie will use for her training. Connie, initially floating above the Warp Pad, falls on top of it and giggles.)
Steven: You okay? *helps Connie up, who is still giggling* It can take some getting used to.
Connie: WOO!
(Connie almost falls over again, continuing to laugh, and Steven grabs her to keep her from falling over.)
Pearl: *on the steps* Hey, you two, this way!
Connie: *turns to Steven* Race you!
(Steven and Connie run up the steps towards the main arena, laughing along the way. Pearl walks in front of them, until they all arrive at the entrance to the main arena.)
Connie: Woah!
Pearl: This is an Ancient Sky Arena, Connie, where some of the first battles for Earth took place. It was here that I became familiar with the human concept of being a knight, completely dedicated to a person and a cause. *presents Connie with a sword* This is what you must become, Connie; brave, selfless, loyal... a knight! We begin with a bow, first to me, your teacher.
(Pearl bows to Connie, and Connie returns a slight bow back.)
Pearl: And now again, to your liege.
Connie: Okay! *turns to Steven and kneels to him* My liege.
Steven: *bows back* Miss Knight.
(Steven and Connie begin giggling under their breath.)
Pearl: I hope you two are taking this seriously.
Connie: Yes, ma'am!
Steven: Mmhm, mmhm.
(Pearl's gem begins to glow, summoning a Holo-Pearl, causing Steven to grimace a bit.)
Connie: Cool, hologram Pearl!
Pearl: To begin, this Holo-Pearl will be your opponent.
Holo-Pearl: *summons a holo-sword* Level 0, beginner, set. *makes a stance* Do you wish to engage in combat?
Connie: *excitedly* Yes!
(Steven's gem glows, and his bubble shield suddenly forms around himself and Connie.)
Connie: Steven?
Steven: Hm? Oh! *blushes* I-I'm sorry! Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. *dispels his bubble and steps back* Reflex. Uh, you just be careful, and I will go over here.
(Steven walks off towards the stands nervously. Pearl walks up to Connie and places her right hand on Connie's sword arm, guiding its movement, and her left hand on Connie's shoulder. Holo-Pearl then walks up and crosses swords with Connie.)
Pearl: Alright, everything begins with your stance. Remember...
(Pearl begins to sings "Do It for Her".)
Pearl: ♫ You do it for him, / And you would do it again. / You do it for her, that is to say, / You'll do it for him. ♫
(Pearl guides Connie and her sword, as Steven watches from the seats.)
Pearl: ♫ Keep your stance wide, / Keep your body lowered, / As you're moving forward, / Balance is the key ♫
(Pearl then mentors Connie on her stance. Connie starts visiting Steven and Pearl on a regular basis for sword training, with Steven preparing energy juices for her.)
Pearl: ♫ Right foot; left foot, / Now go even faster, / And as you're moving backwards, / Keep your eyes on me. ♫
(Pearl then crosses swords with Connie, doing more stern on Connie to focus on her stance and target. Connie then begins singing her part of the song.)
Connie: ♫ Keep my stance wide. ♫
Pearl: Good.
Connie: ♫ Keep my body lowered. ♫
Pearl: Right.
Connie: ♫ As I'm moving forward... ♫
Pearl: Concentrate! Don't you want him to live?!
(Connie faces off with a higher-level Holo-Pearl. She momentarily loses her focus and Pearl chides her, while Steven watches in worry.)
Connie: ♫ Right foot, left foot. ♫
Pearl: Yes, but put your whole body into it! ♫ Everything you have, / Everything you are, / You've got to give— ♫
(Connie regains her stance and dodge Holo-Pearl's attacks, continuing to spar off with it, as Steven keeps watching with fingers crossed.)
Pearl: ♫ On the battlefield, / When everything is chaos, / And you have nothing but the way you feel, your strategy and a sword; / You just think about the life you'll have together after the war! ♫
(One night, Pearl projects a hologram and tells Connie and Steven a tale of the Gem Battlefield: Pearl was running through the chaotic battlefield when she spotted an unknown Gem is about to attack Rose Quartz. Without hesitation, Pearl rushed to defend Rose from the enemy.)
Pearl: ♫ And then you do it for her, / That's how you know you can win, / You do it for her, that is to say, / You'll do it for him. ♫
(The hologram ends and Steven is in tears. Pearl proceeds to spar off with a Holo-Pearl and successfully beats it, filling Connie with confidence and determination.)
Pearl: ♫ Deep down you know, / You weren't built for fighting, / But that doesn't mean, / You're not prepared to try. ♫
(From the constant training, Connie suffers minor injuries and skin tears on her sword hand. Pearl then comforts Connie momentarily and bandages her wounds and sword hand.)
Pearl: ♫ What they don't know, / Is your real advantage. / When you live for someone, / You're prepared to die. ♫
(Steven walks in with refreshments for Connie, but Pearl chides them. Connie then gently declines Steven's offer and continues to train, to Steven's dismay.)
Connie: ♫ Deep down, I know, / That I'm just a human. ♫
Pearl: True.
Pearl & Connie: ♫ But you know that you can draw your sword and fight. ♫
(Connie's appearance changes drastically, as she dons on a new training outfit and her sword-fighting skill progressively gets better.)
Connie: ♫ With my short existence. ♫
Pearl: Good.
Connie: ♫ I can make a difference. ♫
Pearl: Yes, excellent!
Connie: ♫ I can be there for him, I can be his knight. ♫
(Connie faces off with an advance-level Holo-Pearl as Pearl and Steven watch. With increased agility and increased sword proficiency, Connie successfully defeats Holo-Pearl.)
Connie: ♫ I can do it for him. ♫
Pearl & Connie: ♫ You'd do it for her. ♫
Pearl: ♫ Okay, now do that again. ♫
Connie: Yes, ma'am!
Pearl: ♫ You do it for her, / And now you say. ♫
Connie: ♫ I'll do it for him. ♫
(Pearl and Connie proceed to spar off a bit as the song concludes, and then renew their vows to Steven, kneeling before him. Steven looks extremely uncomfortable.)
[Trans. Int. Beach House]
(Steven, noticeably apprehensive, is seen reading a book titled "How to Talk to People", when Connie enters the house.)
Steven: Connie!
Connie: Hey, Steven. *walks past Steven to the warp pad*
Steven: Connie, wait!
Connie: Huh?
(The door to Pearl's Room opens, and Pearl walks out.)
Pearl: Ah, right on time.
Steven: Can we talk for a moment?
Connie: Sure. What's up?
Pearl: We have important training to do, Connie.
Connie: Yes, ma'am.
Pearl: She's been making great strides, Steven. She's going to be an asset to you.
Connie: Humph.*makes a determined face*
(Connie steps onto the warp pad and Pearl warp her and herself away. Steven sighs in dejection, when the door to Amethyst's Room opens up, revealing Amethyst, laughing hysterically, and Garnet as they walk out.)
Amethyst: Wow, Garnet, that was the funniest thing I've ever heard!
Garnet: Garnet, master of comedy.
(Amethyst and Garnet walk onto the warp pad, when they notice Steven looking troubled.)
Amethyst: Yo, Steven. Why are you standing there all SAD like that!?
Steven: W-Well, Connie is taking sword fighting lessons from Pearl, but I think it's getting a little too serious. She wants Connie to do all this dangerous stuff for me. (Amethyst and Garnet look at each other with concern.)
Garnet: That makes sense.
Steven: What do you mean?
Garnet: *kneels back before Steven* Back during the war, Pearl took pride in risking her destruction for your mother. She put Rose Quartz over everything; over logic, over consequence, over her own life.
(As Garnet explains, a scene is shown of Pearl risking her life to defend Rose Quartz, constantly getting poofed and rushing back into the front line again. Steven then imagines Connie risking her life to defend him too, and he starts to freak out.)
Amethyst: You okay, dude?
Steven: I have to DO SOMETHING!! *quickly runs past Garnet and Amethyst onto the warp pad* Thanks for telling me that, BYE! *hastily warps away*
[Trans. Ext. Ancient Sky Arena]
(Steven arrives and runs to the entrance of the arena, where he sees Pearl and Connie in the center of the arena.)
Pearl: Remember, Connie. In the heat of battle, Steven is what matters. You don't matter.
Connie: I don't matter.
(Steven gasps in shock and runs down towards Connie and Pearl.)
Pearl: Now... let us... begin!
(Pearl's gem glows and she begins to amass clouds into the arena, concealing the battleground. Steven starts searching frantically through the clouds.)
Steven: Connie! Connie, where are you?
(Connie is heard shouting in the background, with the clashing of swords.)
Steven: Connie! (A Holo-Pearl approaches from behind Steven, and he slowly backs away.) Y-You wouldn't have happened to see Connie would you?
Holo-Pearl: Unregistered combatant detected!
(Holo-Pearl's eyes redden and it raises its sword, as Steven braces himself, when it is suddenly impaled by behind.)
Steven: *gasps* Connie!
(Connie's attack causes Holo-Pearl to quickly dissipate, and its saber drops to the ground.)
Connie: Steven? What are you doing out here?
Steven: *runs and grabs Connie* Connie, I don't want you to do this anymore! Not alone!
Connie: *shakes her head, grinning* No, Steven. I understand now! Your legacy, your destiny, you are everything! And I... I am nothing... But I can do this for you! I can give you my service!
Steven: *shakes his head* No! I don't want you to!
Connie: Steven... I'm doing this... FOR YOU!
(Connie pushes Steven's head down and ducks, dodging another Holo-Pearl's attack, and counters it with a slash, cutting it in half.)
Connie: I need to be able to protect you!
Steven: But if you're the one protecting me... Then who's the one protecting you?!
(Another Holo-Pearl approaches a distracted Connie, ready to strike. Steven runs forth and jumps in front of the Holo-Pearl, summoning his shield and blocking its attack. The vibration from the shield then causes the Holo-Pearl to dissipate.)
Steven: Someday soon, we may be fighting some really bad guys, and when that day comes, I want to fight with you, together! So please...
(Steven offer his hands to Connie, when four Holo-Pearls appear on all sides.)
Steven: ...Won't you share this jam with me?
(Connie gladly offers Steven's hand. All four Holo-Pearls leap up and dives down at Steven and Connie. Steven holds his shield up and blocks all their attacks.)
Connie: This is much easier!
Steven: That's the idea!
(Steven then forms his bubble shield and pushes all the Holo-Pearls away, causing them to shatter and dissipate.)
Steven: No matter what comes, we do this together!
Pearl: STEVEN!
(The bubble surrounding Steven and Connie suddenly pops, in shock of Pearl's calling, as she disperses the clouds in the arena and reveals herself.)
Pearl: Steven, don't interfere. She needs to take me on herself.
Steven: WHY?! We're a team. She's the strawberry!
Connie: And he's the biscuit!
Steven: ...and that makes us... JAM-
Connie: -BUDS!
Pearl: Wha—?
(Both Steven and Connie charge towards Pearl. Connie engages in a small bout with Pearl. When Pearl finds the opportunity to attack, Connie swaps places with Steven, blocking Pearl's trajectory with his shield. Caught off-guard, Connie slides under Pearl's legs and bounds towards her. Steven bounds towards Pearl too, and the pair inches in on her with a pincer attack.)
Pearl: ENOUGH!
(Pearl then quickly disarms Connie and Steven, knocking them off their feet.)
Pearl: *heavily breathing* NO!! In a real battle, Steven won't be there to save you.
Steven: Yes, I will!
Pearl: *to Steven* Steven, you don't know that!
Steven: Yes, I do! If Connie is going to fight, we're going to fight together!
Connie: That's right!
Pearl: You shouldn't be anywhere NEAR the fight! You're too important!!
Steven: I'm NOT!!
Pearl: YES, YOU ARE!!!
Steven: NO!!!!
Pearl: WHY WON'T YOU JUST LET ME DO THIS FOR YOU, ROSE??!!!!!???
(Steven and Connie remains silent at Pearl's breakdown.)
Pearl: *realizes* I... I mean... Let her... do this. Why won't you let Connie do this... for you... *drops her sword* That's... enough... for today.
(Pearl walks off and sits at the edge of the arena. Steven and Connie exchange worried looks, and they both walk towards Pearl.)
Steven: Hey... Pearl? I didn't mean to mess up your training, but all that "You're nothing" talk was really freaking me out.
Connie: Did Rose make you feel like you were nothing?
Pearl: *weeps with a slight smile* Rose made me feel... like I was... everything. *shakes her tears away* I see now, how deeply you care about each other. *sniffles* That will make you both great knights!
(Pearl puts her arms around Steven and Connie's shoulders. Connie starts to giggle.)
Pearl: Connie is practically an expert, so Steven, you have a lot of catching up to do. Oh, I'm so excited! I can't wait for the midair and underwater dueling exercises, it's going to be boodles of fun!
(The star iris closes on Connie's sword on the ground, ending the episode.)
[END]