[Open Ext. Beach Citywalk Fries]
(Steven and Greg visits the BC Fries, as Steven slams his fists on the counter in slow motion to get his regular order.)
Steven: Give me the- *gets interrupted by a bag of fry bits pushed in front of him* Oh, thanks!
Peedee: Eh, I saw you guys coming.
Greg: Are you closing up all by yourself?
Peedee: Yeah, it's just me tonight.
Greg: Wow, that's a lot of responsibility for a kid your age. Your dad must really trust you.
Peedee: *unamused* Don't patronize me, sir.
(Steven and Greg leave Beach Citywalk Fries and walk towards the beach.)
Steven: See you, Peedee!
Steven: So, like I was saying, Peridot's been shooting huge robots here from space. And when you smash them, they explode into goo! *eats a handful of bits*
Greg: That sounds scary. You know, I'm not sure if... Do you ever feel like this Gem stuff is too much for you?
Steven: What are you-
(The area suddenly rumbles as a loud noise is heard, causing Steven to trip over and shattering the windows of local businesses. Everyone then look up to the sky in shock.)
Greg: What the hey was that? ...Steven?
(Steven looks up at the sky too and see a giant green hand approaching from the atmosphere.)
Steven: Is that... a hand?
[Trans. Beach]
(The Gems are gathered at the beach, observing the occurrence through a telescope.)
Pearl: The Light Cannons should be ready.
Steven: Guys! *runs in with Greg* Did you see that thing in the sky?
Pearl: It's a ship. We have to assume it's Peridot.
Garnet: Lapis told us she'll be coming. With advanced weapons and reinforcements.
Greg: It's happening...
Steven: I wanna see. *looks into the telescope and sees the green hand pointing towards him* Woah.
Garnet: Ready the light cannons!
(Pearl activates a lever and the Quartizine Trio appear from under the deck of the Beach House. Amethyst pushes the fourth Laser Light Cannon into position on the porch.)
Garnet: Steven, light them up.
Steven: *talks into a walkie-talkie* If every pork chop were perfect, we wouldn't have hot dogs.
(The phrase is spoken through another walkie-talkie strapped near the deck, activating all four Light Cannons. Four Rose-shaped beams are fired and twirl towards the hand ship. The ship opens itself into a palm and blocks the attack, and continues to descend in a pointing position.)
Garnet: *looking through the telescope* No effect.
Greg: What now?
Garnet: We'll have to take them head on. The whole town might be in danger.
Steven: I better make a call. Time for some... political favors. *takes out his phone and taps on Mayor Dewey's nicon*
[Trans. Int. Mayor's Office]
(The phone in the mayor's office starts to ring, and Mayor Dewey quickly picks it up, while hiding behind a curtain.)
Mayor Dewey: *worriedly* Hello?
Steven: Mayor Dewey! It's me, Steven Universe!
Mayor Dewey: Universe, what's this thing in the sky? As a politician, pointing fingers make me very nervous. *covers the windows with the curtains*
Steven: Mayor Dewey, the whole town's in danger. We have to evacuate the city.
Mayor Dewey: Evacuate? Hmm. Evacuate. Could be tough. I'll need a catchy slogan.
[Time Skip - Night Time]
(Mayor Dewey proceeds to drive his van towards the boardwalk, with the siren chanting "E-VA-CU-ATE". A crowd of citizens are already there to watch the descending hand ship, when they see Mayor Dewey's van and gather around it.)
Mayor Dewey: *climbs onto the roof of the van* People! I need everyone to consider evacuation! Evacuation is something we all depend on in times of-
(Steven watches in worry from a distance as Mayor Dewey delivers his speech. He turns around and sees the Gems helping Greg to pack and load luggage into his van.)
Steven: Hey! That's a great idea, Dad. You should leave with the rest of the-
(Steven then spots his cheeseburger backpack at the feet of the visibly worried Greg and Pearl.)
Steven: Is that my luggage?
Greg & Pearl: Uuhh...
Greg: *looks at Pearl* Who wants to tell him?
(Greg and Pearl look at each other awkwardly, before turning to Amethyst.)
Amethyst: Hey, I'm not good with this stuff! *turns away defensively*
(Pearl pats Amethyst to comfort her.)
Garnet: Steven, I know you don't think we trust you. I know more often than not we treat you like a human child. But the truth is, we rely on you. *hands Steven a megaphone* Your voice inspires us, binds us, reminds us why we promised to protect the planet. You must now be that voice, for them.
(Garnet points Steven towards the boardwalk, when the Beach City citizens are seen panicking and worrying in the chaos.)
Mr. Fryman: Peedee, come on!
Peedee: *clinging to the shop counter* But are we coming back!?
Mr. Fryman: Ronaldo, help me with your brother!
Garnet: If anything happens, you need to be there to protect them. Like your mother once did. It's your destiny.
Steven: I won't disappoint you!
Garnet: I know.
(Steven gets into Greg's van and he begins driving them off, waving goodbye to the Gems, visibly distressed and devastated.)
Garnet: We did everything we could. Alright, pull it together!
(Steven and Greg then drive out of town, along with other citizens in their vehicles.)
Steven: Maybe when Peridot gets to Earth, she'll see how nice all the people are and she won't want to hurt anyone.
Greg: *forces a smile* Just like your mother.
Steven: Yeah?
Greg: Yeah. But these other Gems aren't like your mother. *starts sweating* They aren't like Garnet, Amethyst, or Pearl. They aren't gonna start caring about people now. They didn't the first time they... *quickly stops speaking*
Steven: The first time they what?
Greg: I mean, it was thousands of years ago! It's-it's not like I was there! (Steven glares at Greg in curiosity.) The Gems should be telling you all this stuff, but I get it. I mean, they don't want you thinking of them like that!
Steven: Like what? (Greg does not reply.) Dad, like what?
Greg: Like aliens, Steven! Aliens who invaded Earth!
Steven: What!?
Greg: All they do is try to make up for it. They just can't forgive themselves, you understand? Look, they were doing something awful to the planet and your mother couldn't stand it anymore. She told me that's why she had to turn on her own kind. She gave up everything just to stop what they started here and drive the invading Gems off of Earth.
(Steven recollects the times when Amethyst showed him the Kindergarten and when Pearl told him a tale in the Gem Battlefield., while Greg is explaining.)
Steven: So sh-she saved the world, that's good!
Greg: No such thing as a good war, kiddo. Gems were destroyed, people too... In the end, your mother could only save a handful of her closest friends. If it weren't for her shield, man, I don't know. *looks at Steven, who is overwhelmed by the facts* B-but hey, let's look on the bright side! We're gonna drive past that waffle place in a couple miles!
Steven: We gotta go back! Turn the van around!
Greg: No way, the Gems don't want you going back!
Steven: I know they're just trying to protect me, but I have to protect them! I have Mom's shield, they need me!
Greg: I need you too!
Steven: Please Dad, what if they get hurt? Dad, turn around! Dad!
(Greg, sweating profusely, does not reply again.)
Steven: Turn the van around, PLEASE!!!
(Steven punches the panel in front of him, causing the airbag to inflate and launches out of the van. He lands safely a distance away, encased in his bubble shield. Greg halts the van on the road and runs out after Steven.)
Greg: Steven!
Steven: *tears up* Dad...
Mr. Fryman: Yo, Greg, are you and your kid okay?
(Several Beach City citizens begin to gather around to check on Steven's safety.)
Greg: Yeah, yeah! We're fine, we're fine. Ugh...
Steven: Dad, please. I have to go back. I have to! They don't have my shield, do you understand?
Greg: Yeah, okay. Just... be careful, or I'm gonna run fresh out of family. *wipes away Steven's tears*
Steven: Stay with everyone and keep them safe. I'll figure out some way to get back to Beach City.
(Lion suddenly appears behind Steven and places his paw on Steven's head.)
Steven: Oh, this'll work!
(Steven begins riding of Lion back to Beach City. He then dials his phone.)
Steven: Come on, pick up...
Answering Machine, voice of Dr.Maheswaran: You've reached the Maheswaran residence. (Steven moans in disappointment.) Please leave a message after the beep. And keep it short. *beeps*
Steven: Hey, Connie, it's Steven. Just... seeing what you were up to. Don't know if you knew, but there's some crazy stuff going on with a giant space hand and we all might die, so, uh, I guess call me back when you get this and talk to you soon! Uh, bye!
(Once Steven hangs up, Lion roars open a portal and warps the both of them onto the beach in front of the Crystal Temple. Opal is seen aiming at the warship with her bow, while Garnet stands beside her.)
Garnet: Fire!
(Opal fires a barrage of arrows at the warship, with no impact at all. Opal and Garnet are dumbfounded.)
Steven: *dismounts Lion* Stay here! If something happens, Dad'll need a new son!
(Opal and Garnet watch helplessly as the warship increases speed in its descent.)
Garnet: At least Steven is safe...
Steven: Hey guys!
Garnet: Steven!
(Upon seeing Steven, Opal begins to split in surprise back into Pearl and Amethyst, throwing them back on the sand.)
Amethyst: You came back!
Pearl: What are you doing?! Get out of here!
Steven: But-
Garnet: It's too late! Just stay behind us!
(The Crystal Gems stance themselves as the warship lands on the beach, creating dust clouds at the Crystal Gems.)
Steven: *shielding his eyes* Ah...
(A bubble appears from the palm of the warship. It rolls onto a finger and opens up, revealing Peridot, Lapis and Jasper.)
Peridot: That's them, all right. They're the ones who keep breaking my machines.
Jasper: This is it?
Peridot: Jasper! They keep interfering with my work!
Jasper: *sighs and steps forward* Looks like another waste of my time... Hey, get over here!
(Jasper drags Lapis out from behind her, who quickly breaks free from Jasper's grip and gasps at the sight of Steven.)
Steven: Lapis!
Jasper: This is their base?
Lapis: Yes...
Garnet: You need to leave immediately!
Amethyst: Yeah, step off!
Pearl: This is not a Gem-controlled planet!
(Peridot and Jasper, dragging Lapis along, jump off the finger and onto the beach.)
Jasper: And neither of you saw Rose Quartz? Oh, what a shame. I'd hoped to meet her. I was looking forward to beating her into the ground!
Steven: Euegh...
Jasper: But this is all that's left of her army? Some lost, defective Pearl, a puny overcooked runt, and this shameless display? Hmm? *glances at Steven* What is that?
(The three Crystal Gems bare their weapons in preparation.)
Peridot: It calls itself "the Steven".
Lapis: He's just a human! He isn't a threat at all! He's not one of them!
Jasper: I know what a human is. You don't need me for this. Just blast them with the ship.
Peridot: Ugh, fine.
(The warship lifts up and points towards the Crystal Gems. Peridot draws a wide circle on her finger screen and taps at it. The ship begins charging energy on its fingertip.)
Garnet: Steven! Get out of here!
Steven: No!
Garnet: I won't let you risk your life!
Steven: But this is my home! And you're all my family!
(Steven's gem begins to shine.)
Peridot: Firing.
(A beam fires out of the ship.)
Steven: I- I'm a Crystal Gem too!
(Steven jumps at the beam, seemingly getting hit by it. Jasper turns around in shock, and sees a giant Rose's shield summoned in front of the Crystal Gems, protecting them from the blast.)
Jasper: That shield! That symbol!
(Steven moans as his shield dispels and he collapses onto the ground.)
Jasper: You! You have the power of Rose Quartz!
Peridot: Now do you believe I needed an escort?
Jasper: Fire a barrage! Widespread!
(Peridot swipes a finger right across her finger screen. Garnet pushes Steven out of the way as the warship cuts a line across the beach, causing an explosion with Pearl and Amethyst caught in it. Steven lands a safe distance from the blast attack, as the smoke from the blast clears up.)
Jasper: Rose, why do you look like that? Why are you so weak?
Lapis: Don't hurt him!
Jasper: You knew about this!
Lapis: It wasn't relevant to the mission!
Jasper: Forget about the mission!
Peridot: What!?
Jasper: Yellow Diamond needs to see this... thing.
Steven: Uh...
(Garnet then emerges from the sand behind Steven and charges at Jasper.)
Jasper: Good.
(Jasper summons her weapon, a crash helmet, and blocks Garnet's punch, creating a powerful draft that pushes back both Garnet and Steven.)
Garnet: *quickly recovers and charges at Jasper again* STEVEN, RUN!!!
Jasper: *pulls out a electrical weapon* Priming Gem Destabilizer.
(Jasper dashes at Garnet and jabs her in the chest with the destabilizer. Garnet's physical body starts to fall apart as yellow currents run across her body.)
Pearl & Amethyst: *watching in horror* Ah!
(Garnet falls backwards towards Steven, looking at him one last time, before poofing away. Two gemstones, one red and one blue, then fall onto the sand, as Steven watches and shivers in horror. Jasper then approaches Steven.)
Jasper: I was there, you know? At the first war for this garbage planet. I fought against your armies. I respected your tactics. But this? *lifts Steven up by his shirt* This is sick!
(Pearl and Amethyst charge at Jasper.)
Pearl: Unhand him!
Jasper: I don't get what you're planning, Rose. But look?! Your base is taken. Your armies are ruined. You have failed!
(Jasper dispels her crash helmet and headbutts Steven, knocking him out, as the screen turns black.)
[TO BE CONTINUED]