[Open Int. Pink Diamond's Zoo]
(Following the events in Gem Heist, Steven emerges from a shallow body of water inside the human zoo, after the assimilation process. He coughs and gasps for air, as he looks around.)
Steven: Where am I now?
(Steven spots Greg by the side of the water body, being groomed by two Zoomans.)
Steven: Dad?
Greg: Huh? Steven?
(Steven and Greg run over and give each other a hug.)
Steven: Dad, it's you!
Greg: Steven! My little man!
Steven: Dad! When Blue Diamond took you, I got so scared. And then the Gems said you might be in some horrible human zoo all chained up to a wall... doing tricks for peanuts... *sobs*
Greg: Hey, hey, it's okay, schtu-ball. Your old man's perfectly fine. Wait, how'd you even get out here?
Steven: We got on a Gem ship from Earth. I'll tell you about it on the way home. I got separated from the Gems. We got to find them and bust you out of here.
(Steven begins searching in the water body where he popped out from.)
Greg: Well, you're not gonna get out that way. I've already tried.
Steven: What?! Well, there might be another way out if we can find it.
Zooman 1
Ga-reg! *approaches the pair* Who is that with you?
Zooman 2
Is this a new friend, Ga-reg?
Greg: Wy-Six, Jay-Ten, this is-
Steven: *gets aggressive* Let me have my dad back already!
Greg: Hey, don't be like that. Relax. These people have treated me so well since I got here.
Steven: Wha?
(More Zoomans pop out from the bushes nearby.)
Zooman 3
Greetings! Greetings!
Zooman 4
Wow, Ga-reg!
(The Zoomans being to gather around Steven to greet him, mumbling among themselves.)
Greg: Everyone, this is Steven. He's my son!
Steven: Uhh... Hi.
Zoomans: Hi!
Steven: Thanks for... braiding my dad's hair.
Greg: Steven, these people are the descendants of humans brought here by Gems thousands of years ago. They've never seen the Earth before. Isn't that wild?!
Wy-Six: Ste-van, Ga-reg has told stories of you. "The bits, the bits!" That's you, right?
Zoomans: The bits, the bits, the bits!
Zooman 5
Come on, say it.
Steven: Let's get out of here. We came across a door that leads into the zoo, but we couldn't open it from the other side. Let's find it and try to open it from in here.
Greg: A door? Really? All right. Let's find it tonight. It'll be easier to look for it after the routine.
(A chime is sounded from the earrings, and a voice begins to speak to everyone.)
???
Greetings, everyone. It's time to start the daily routine. Please enjoy your meal during this designated eating period.
Steven: Who was that?
Wy-Six: Ste-van does not know what a little voice is. Just like Ga-reg when he first arrived.
(The Zoomans begin laughing altogether.)
Jay-Ten: Our little voices guide us through life here.
Little Voice: You all must be hungry now.
Zoomans: Yes- yes. We are- *begins mumbling and walk off*
Steven: Umm... Dad?
Greg: Don't worry, Steven. We'll get out of here. But for now, let's just play along.
(Steven and Greg follow the Zoomans to the designated eating location, where purple crystal fruits are grown from the trees.)
Jay-Ten: Here you go, Ga-reg. *hands Greg a fruit*
Greg: Oh, thank you.
Wy-Six: Ste-van, today the fruit is purple.
Little Voice: Are you enjoying the food?
Zoomans: Oh, yes: Little Voice: How is the food? Is it good?
Wy-Six: Yes. It is delicious.
(Steven glances at the Zoomans, obediently complying to the little voice without questions, in uneasy as he eats on his fruit.)
Little Voice: Now it is time to play.
(Greg and the Zoomans begin rolling down the hill and laughing, except Steven, who rolls down uncomfortably. Everyone then lies together on the grass.)
Little Voice: Now, everyone, reach up like you're going to touch outer space.
(The Zoomans comply and reach their hands upwards. Steven and Greg eventually comply as well.)
Little Voice: That's it. Reach up high. Wasn't that fun?
Wy-Six: I have not had that much fun since yesterday!
Little Voice: It's time to stop and smell the flowers.
(The Zoomans begin smelling flowers inside a shaded garden, which Steven and Greg just watch on.)
Steven: What if... I don't want to smell the flowers?
Jay-Ten: Why wouldn't you want to do that?
(Jay-Ten puts a flower on Steven's head. Steven takes off the flower and looks at it in unrest.
Little Voice: Time to clean up, everyone. Let's all take a refreshing bath.
(The Zoomans begin bathing in a pool next to a basalt column waterfall. They all relax, laugh and splashes together in the water.)
Jay-Ten: Watch my splash, Ga-reg! *dives into the water and giggles*
Greg: Nice one!
Wy-Six: Ga-reg! Watch mine!
(Wy-Six dives into the water from a higher ground, yet resulting in just a small ripple.)
Steven: Those are the tiniest splashes I've ever seen.
Greg: Watch this. Hey, Wy-Six, you ever heard of a "cannonball"?
Wy-Six: *chuckles* I've never heard it. Tell me what it is.
Greg: Check this out. I'll show you. Cannonball!
(Greg jumps into the pool, causing a big splash. The Zoomans begins cheering and cannonball into the water too.)
Zoomans: *laughing* Cannonball! Cannonball!
Little Voice: *to Steven* Wouldn't you like to clean off in the pool?
Steven: All right! All right. *begrudgingly cannonballs into the water*
Wy-Six: Yeah! Cannonball!
Greg: Hey, you hanging in there?
Steven: I can't believe this. They're all so happy. It's like... they don't even know that they're trapped here.
Greg: Well, of course they don't. They've never been anywhere else. They love it here, I mean, look at this place. Can you blame them? They've got everything they need, and they never have to worry about a thing.
Steven: I guess you're right.
(The light acting as the Sun starts getting blocked off, turning the sky starry night, and the earrings chime again.)
Little Voice: And now it's time to say good night. Good night, everyone. Sweet dreams.
(The Zoomans begin falling asleep around the pool area.)
Greg: Geez, I sure am tired from doing a whole lot of nothing. Well, good night, schtu-ball.
(Greg begins to lie on a grass bed, when Steven halts him.)
Steven: Dad! Now's our chance to get out!
(Steven and Greg begins sneaking around the containment area to search for the exit door.)
Greg: Man, little voice has really got me on that Zooman sleep schedule.
(Steven bumps into a wall, which turns out to be the door they are looking for.)
Steven: Is that... It's the door.
Greg: Great. How do we get it open?
(Steven begins banging on the door, when Wy-Six and Jay-Ten pop out from the bushes nearby.)
Wy-Six: Ga-reg!
Greg: Oh!
Jay-Ten: Ste-van!
Steven: Huh?
Wy-Six: So you're the ones making the noise.
Jay-Ten: What are you doing? Is it a game?
Wy-Six: Can we play, too?
Steven: It's not a game. We need to get this door open.
Jay-Ten: What is a... "door"?
Steven: Like, this part of the wall but open.
Wy-Six: *chuckles* Walls don't open. They're walls.
Jay-Ten: There is a story of an opening wall. A very long time ago, a Gem came through a wall hole to help someone who was... "hurt".
Wy-Six: What do you mean "hurt"?
Jay-Ten: I don't know. I don't know what "hurt" is.
Steven: I know what hurt is!
Together: You do?
Steven: Umm, it's like when you feel.. bad.
Wy-Six: "Bad"?
Steven: Yes, like, the opposite of good. *sighs* If that's the only way out, then, Dad, slug me in the face.
Greg: What?! I'm not gonna hit you!
Steven: It's our ticket out of here. One of us has to get hurt.
Greg: Okay, well... Then you hit me.
Steven: You sure?
Greg: Yeah. I'll take one for the team.
(Steven proceeds to punch Greg in his face, but delivers a dud instead.)
Greg: Come on, give me all you got. I can take it.
(Steven proceeds to punch Greg again, for real this time, and sends him flying into a tree, causing him to groan in pain)
Wy-Six: Cannonball!
Steven: Uhh... how was that?
Greg: Good. Anyone coming?
Steven: Doesn't look like it. Should I... try it again?
Greg: There won't be anything left to rescue if you do.
Steven: What do we do now?
(The earrings chime again.)
Greg: Whatever she says.
Little Voice: It is time for the choosening. Please gather around the circle of choosening.
Jay-Ten: Ste-van, Ga-reg, the choosening will start soon.
Wy-Six: Come with us. It's- it's finally time!
(Wy-Six and Jay-Ten bring Steven and Greg to the circle of choosening, where the Zoomans are gathered around a glowing circle on the ground, giggling in joy.)
Jay-Ten: Ga-reg, step into the circle with us.
Greg: Is it somebody's birthday?
Wy-Six: Ste-van, wait here until the choosening is complete.
Jay-Ten: The choosening is a very special event to us.
Wy-Six: We're glad to have you with us at such a wonderful time.
Greg: Glad to be here.
Little Voice: Let the choosening begin.
(Greg and the Zoomans close their eyes.)
Little Voice: U-12, please step into the center of the circle. F-3, please step into the center of the circle.
(Two Zoomans step into the center of the glowing circle. They then hold hands and kiss each other.)
Little Voice: You have been choosened for each other.
Greg: Wait a second. Is this some kind of matchmaking thing?! *groans* There's always a catch to these utopias.
Jay-Ten: Ga-reg, whoever is choosen for you will be very lucky.
Little Voice: Jay-Ten, please step into the center of the circle.
Greg: Oh boy. Steven, help me...!
Steven: Don't worry, Dad. You're new here, so maybe you won't get choosened.
Greg: Right!
Little Voice: Ga-reg, please step into the center of the circle.
Greg: Hold on! Maybe there's been a mistake?
Wy-Six: Ga-reg, Jay-Ten is waiting for you.
(The Zoomans begin cheering on Greg.)
Wy-Six: I see what's going on here.
Greg: You do?
Wy-Six: You are just shy!
Greg: Huh!?
Wy-Six: Do not worry about it. *pushes Greg towards Jay-ten and laughs* Now touch hands.
Greg: Hold on! This isn't how it works on Earth!
(The Zoomans stare at Greg.)
Greg: I... don't want to be told who to be choosened with.
Wy-Six: Ga-reg, this makes no sense. Why wouldn't you want to be choosened?
Greg: Look, back on Earth, there was no voice to tell you who to be with. It was your own decision.
Steven: My mom and dad didn't get together because someone told them to. They spent time getting to know one another and fell in love. They choosened each other 'cause that's what they choosed.
Wy-Six: Hmm, I see. If that's how it's done on Earth, then... *grabs Greg's hand* I choose Ga-reg.
Jay-Ten: And I also choose Ga-reg.
(The Zoomans gather around Greg, all chanting "I choose Ga-reg" as well.)
Greg: Wait! I get a say in this, too. You're all very nice, and I'm flattered, and yes, you get to choose whoever you want, but... I also get to say I choose, umm... none of you.
(The Zoomans are shocked by Greg's comment and begin breaking down, crying hysterically.)
Greg: Woah! Hey, don't cry. You can choose someone else.
Jay-Ten: I feel... not good. I feel... bad...?
Wy-Six: Could this be... Is this... "hurt"?!
Jay-Ten: Why would Ga-reg "hurt" us? Take this "hurt" away!
(The Zoomans all reach out to Greg and begin approaching him in their depression.)
Steven: I choosen, to take my dad and run away.
(Steven lifts Greg above his head and runs away into the forest, to escape from the Zoomans.)
Greg: Watch out for that- Oof!
(Greg slams into a tree branch, falling off of Steven's hands. Steven quickly drags the groaning Greg aside and manages to hide away from the Zoomans chasing them.)
Greg: I haven't broken this many hearts since I had all my hair.
(The door then opens, and a bunch of Amethyst guards rush in to avert the crisis.)
Steven: Yipe! *hides away*
Guard 1
*chasing a crying Zooman* Hey, get back here!
Greg: This is nuts!
(The Amethyst guards begin rounding up the crying Zoomans and talking to them.)
Guard 2
*to a Zooman in a tree* Just come down! Let's talk about it.
Wy-Six: I'll never choosen again. *sobs*
Guard 3
Sure you will.
Greg: Hey, that door's still open.
Steven: This might be our only chance.
(Steven and Greg make a dash towards the door, but an Amethyst guard catches of them and lifts them up.)
Guard 4
Oh, no, you don't!
Steven: Put us down!
Amethyst(s)
You two are in big trouble.
[END]