[Open Int. Beach House]
(It is snowing heavily outside. Steven is watching the snow through the window from inside the house.)
Steven: It's amazing. The snow just keeps falling and falling! I'm glad you're staying here with us, Dad.
(Steven walks over to join Greg and the Gems lounging around the living room.)
Greg: Yeah, me too buddy. It's way too cold to stay in the van during this blizzard. Besides, the heater in the van hasn't worked since I got that sweet mini disk player installed. Which I do not regret.
Steven: I've never seen it snow like this before.
Garnet: That's not entirely true.
Steven: Really?
Pearl: You mean back when- *starts laughing* That was about fourteen years ago. There was a snowstorm happening just like this around then.
Steven: Fourteen years... Hey, I'm fourteen years!
Greg: That's right, little man. You were only a few months old and it was snowing so hard, I thought we were going to become "Snowman" and "Snowman Jr., son of Snowman."
(Pearl gets up to heat a kettle of water on the stove, while Greg continues talking.)
Greg: But Vidalia was out of town visiting family, so she let us crash at her place for a while. It was the first time you-
Steven: *suddenly shouts* DAAAAD!
Greg: I'm not that far away Steven.
Steven: Don't forget our... arrangement.
Greg: Good gravy.
(Greg reaches for his guitar when Pearl returns.)
Steven: That's what you get for teaching me to love music!
Greg: Luckily, I have a song for this story already.
(Greg begins to play "I Could Never Be (Ready)", singing about the struggles that he faced while raising baby Steven alone.)
[Flashback; Trans. Int. Vidalia's house]
Greg: ♪ I could never be, / I could never be, / I could never be ready for this. ♪
(Greg rushed through the heavy snowstorm into the house, holding groceries and baby Steven. He looked at the baby swaddle and was shocked to see bread inside, but became relieved to find Baby Steven in the grocery bag instead.)
Greg: ♪ I could never be, / I could never be, . I could never be ready. ♪
(Greg ate a sandwich while boiling a baby bottle. Baby Steven grabbed onto his hair, distracting Greg as the water boiled over the pot to his shock. He quickly dropped his sandwich and moved the pot away from the stove.)
Greg: ♪ Things start and things end, / And isn't it lovely in theory but, ♪
(Greg brought baby Steven over to the couch with the baby bottle and began bottle-feeding him. Greg started feeling cold and used his foot to turn on a heater nearby.)
Greg: ♪ I could never be, / I could never be, / I could never be ready. ♪
(As the song concludes, baby Steven finished his bottle, yawned and went to sleep. Greg set the bottle on the table and noticed a photo of Vidalia, Yellowtail, and young Sour Cream. He looked at it in somber as he began to fall asleep on the couch as well.)
(Time passed. The snowstorm outside seemed to worsen. Baby Steven and Greg are still sleeping when baby Steven suddenly started crying and struggling in his swaddle, waking up Greg as well.)
Greg: Hey, schtu-ball. You doing a lot of dancing in there. You wanna get out of there and show me your moves?
(Baby Steven continued crying and struggling around, until his swaddle unraveled and his onesie unbuttoned.)
Greg: Hey now. You unbuttoned all your buttons I buttoned up. *blows a raspberry at baby Steven, causing him to laugh* Let's get you buttoned back up. *lies baby Steven down and buttons his onesie back up* Ookie pookie. There.
(Baby Steven cooed uncomfortable and unbuttoned his onesie again himself, exposing his gemstone.)
Greg: Huh- What? Does your... gem need to breathe?
(Baby Steven's gemstone shimmered.)
Greg: Hmm... How about... this?
(Greg buttoned up the top buttons, leaving an unbuttoned area in middle to expose baby Steven's gemstone. Baby Steven cooed in delight, when there was a knocking at the door. Greg opened the door and found Garnet, Amethyst, and Pearl outside, each holding gift boxes.)
Greg: Oh! Um, heyyy ya'll.
Garnet: Hello.
Amethyst: Yo Greg, check it out! We brought gifts for little Rose!
Garnet: *sets her hand over Amethyst's head* Amethyst. We've gone over this. Steven is a...
Amethyst: *sadly* ...Human baby.
Garnet: And Steven is...
Amethyst: Not Rose.
(Greg let the Crystal Gems entered the house and closed the front door.)
Greg: Can I get you guys anything? We've got water, old... plates. Uh... how about some tea?
Pearl: *coldly* No. We're just here to drop off these gifts.
Greg: Right. Sure.
Garnet: *hands her box to baby Steven* Here you go.
(Baby Steven cooed in joy.)
Greg: You'll probably have to open that up for him.
Garnet: It's just a box made to look like it's been carefully wrapped. *opens the lid of the box* Ta-da!
(The inside of the box revealed to be a razor and Greg quickly swiped it away.)
Greg: Whoa! Thanks Garnet, but I don't think he needs this.
Garnet: Oh, he'll need it. In the future.
Amethyst: Let's open mine next! *rips her gift open*
Greg: Wow! Diapers! This is so practical! Wait! Are these adult diapers? They're way too big for him.
Amethyst: So tell him to make himself bigger. You can do that! Right, Little Greg? *ruffles baby Steven's head*
Greg: You can call him "Steven". That's the name Rose and I liked the most.
Pearl: Well, whatever you call him, you'll need this. *holds out her gift*
Greg: Uh, thanks. *takes the gift* This some kind of kid's book? *tears it open* Oh. A dictionary.
Pearl: Obviously, it's the best gift for a being that can't yet communicate.
Greg: Well, maybe you guys could use it to look up what a baby is. These gifts are great, but Steven's just too young for this stuff. Nowadays he's really into this. *holds out a set of car keys and jiggles it around* ♪ Carabiner! Carabiner! ♪
(Baby Steven starts giggling in joy.)
Amethyst: Whoa, he loves it! *takes the keys and jiggles it* Hey little... Steven!
Pearl: Hmm. He's certainly captivated with those things.
Garnet: Well next time, we'll just bring a big box of keys for Steven.
(Baby Steven kept giggling and his gemstone began to glow, gaining everyone's attention.)
Amethyst: Whoa!
(Greg gasped in surprise.)
Garnet: Ooh!
Pearl: Wha!?
Greg: What's happening to him?!
Garnet: It's... Rose!
Pearl: Is that possible?
Greg: Is he gonna turn into a laser?!
Amethyst: Relax, y'all, I got it all figured out. Rose is trying to shapeshift back to her old self!
Greg: What?!
Pearl: She can't shapeshift, because she's trapped in a baby!
Greg: Trapped in a baby?!
Pearl: Rose? Rose, it's me, it's Pearl. Are you in there? Glow twice for yes.
(Steven giggled as he grabbed Pearl's nose.)
Pearl: Baby, please. I'm trying to talk to Rose.
Garnet: Rose hasn't shapeshifted, and she isn't trapped. Steven is a fusion. Rose could be trying to unfuse.
Greg: Whatever Steven is, something's happening, and I- What can I do to help?
Pearl: Well, what do you do with a human baby when it glows?
Greg: First off, human babies don't glow. And letter number B... What if they do?! Okay. Vidalia has some books on babies I've been reading. They'll help us figure something out.
(Greg entered the kitchen to retrieve Vidalia's guide book.)
Pearl: Well, what do you do with a human baby when it glows?
Greg: Calm down. You got this. Guys, if this is anything like a fever, then we should...
(Greg returned to help the Gems, and baby Steven, gone, and the front door left wide open.)
Greg: Uh... Guys? Guys?!
(The flashback abruptly returns back to the present.)
Steven: You kidnapped me!?
Amethyst: Eeeeeyep!
Garnet: Some of our actions were a bit regrettable.
Pearl: At the time, we thought it'd be better to handle things our way.
Amethyst: Nah, we straight-up 'napped you.
(Back in the flashback, Pearl started up Greg's Van and drove off with it. Greg walked outside with a blanket and began to give chase.)
Greg: Steven! My van! Give me back my babies!
Amethyst: *looking back in the passenger seat* He looks mad.
Pearl: He'll thank us later.
Garnet: *holding baby Steven* Greg was doing his best up to this point. But the situation has changed. Steven is clearly a Gem.
Amethyst: Good thing we left without any explanation.
(The van began driving out of town.)
Amethyst: All right, Rose. *approaches baby Steven* We saw that glow. So why are you still a baby? Is it... really fun or something? *shapeshifts into a baby* Garnet. Hold me.
(Garnet holds Amethyst in her other hand.)
Amethyst: All right, I get it. This rules. But it's been so long, like months! *shapeshifts back to normal* That's longer than I was a toilet! C'mon, Rose! You have to change back! *shapeshifts back and forth between her normal form to baby* Baby, normal! Baby, normal! Baby...
(Baby Steven giggled in joy as Amethyst shapeshifted back and forth.)
Amethyst: Mmm... it's so easy! Why can't she do it?
Garnet: Because it's not shapeshifting, it's fusion.
(The van drove to the outskirts of the town.)
Garnet: Steven, I understand Greg is part of you and you don't want to unfuse in front of him. That would be very rude. But he's not here now. It's just us! You can take a little break. Here, I will too!
(Garnet handed baby Steven to Amethyst and unfused into Ruby and Sapphire. Baby Steven, suddenly confused and frightened by Garnet's sudden disappearance, began to cry. Ruby and Sapphire looked at each other in surprise, and they quickly fused back into Garnet.)
Garnet: I'm here! You know me! You know them, too! *sits down in sorrow* I don't understand!
(Pearl then decided to stop the van at the roadside, while Greg continued to chase after his van from far behind.)
Greg: Steven! Steven! How am I gonna catch up with them?
(Greg looked over at a snowy hill, where a younger Jenny and Buck were playing on a sled and a dog nearby.)
Greg: Dog. Sled. Dog. Sled. Dog sled. Hey! Hey, you kids! *runs over to Jenny and Buck*
(Back in the van, Baby Steven was still crying. Pearl turned off the van engine and went into the back, joining the other Gems.)
Pearl: Everyone calm down. *picks up baby Steven* Look. We can all see her. She's right there! She just can't reform because... she has this... baby around her. Rose, I know you're in there. I can let you out. We'll be... together... again.
(Pearl reached her hand towards baby Steven's gemstone, ready to pull it out of baby Steven's navel, when he suddenly began laughing, startling Pearl.)
Pearl: I can't. *starts tearing up* I can't! She wanted this so much. I just... don't... understand... why! Everything should grow, and everything should change, and isn't it so great how it comes so naturally to humans? Well, it's not natural for us! It's not natural... for me.
Garnet: It will be, for him.
(The Gems stood in a somber silence.)
Amethyst: ...What about Rose?
Garnet: This isn't about Rose. From now on, everything has to be about Steven.
(Barking and screaming were then heard outside, as Greg was seen being chased by the dog from earlier, with the sled tied to it.)
Greg: Help! Help!
(Garnet opened the back door of the van, and Greg jumped in.)
Greg: Ugh, thanks. *looks at Pearl, still holding baby Steven* Hey, wait a minute! Why did you take Steven on a joyride in the middle of a blizzard? *takes back baby Steven* What's the big idea?
Amethyst: It wasn't really a big idea... Just a bunch of small ideas that never came together.
Garnet: My apologies, Greg. We thought we knew what Steven was, but we didn't.
Greg: Honestly, I'm not sure if I do, either. I never glowed when I was a kid.
Pearl: We never were kids.
(Baby Steven cooed and tugged on Greg's blanket.)
Greg: I don't know how we're gonna figure this out, but I think we'll have a better shot if we do it together.
(Everyone smiled as they looked at baby Steven, and the flashback concludes. Back to the present, the kettle starts whistling, and Pearl heads back to the kitchen to retrieve it.)
Steven: Wow. You guys were wrong about everything.
Pearl: Well, that was a- Haha, really long time ago, wasn't it?
Amethyst: Cut us some slack, will ya?
Garnet: *takes off her visors* We couldn't have known what to do. Even me.
Greg: Especially me.
Steven: No, I mean, about changing and growing.
(Pearl hands a mug of tea to Greg. She picks up the tea bag and gives it to Amethyst to eat.)
Steven: And how it doesn't come naturally to you? But look at you now! I know you'll never stop missing Mom, but I bet she would've loved this. I do.
Everyone else: Hear, hear!
Pearl: It wasn't such a big deal when that teenage girl kidnapped Steven.
Greg: That was his babysitter. She took him to the park! You really scared her when you threw that jungle gym at her.
(Everyone laughs as the star iris closes on the exterior of the Beach House, ending the episode.)
[END]