[Open Int. Abandoned Warehouse]
(A wrestling match is ongoing inside of the warehouse. A crowd is cheering while Mr. Smiley is emceeing, as Purple Puma and Tiger Millionaire take on Shark-O-Mania)
Mr. Smiley: They're the team you love to hate, but also hate to love!
Lars: I love wrestling!
(Purple Puma and Tiger Millionaire attack Shark-O-Mania off-screen, knocking him into a daze.)
Mr. Smiley: Ooh, another devastating move by Purple Puma and Tiger Millionaire tonight folks! Looks like Shark-O-Mania is seeing starfish after that last one!
Steven: Let's finish him off with our special move!
Amethyst: Yeah, why not?
Steven: Take my hand!
(Purple Puma grabs Tiger Millionaire's hand and spins him in the air.)
Mr. Smiley: Here it comes, ya'll! The PURPLE MILLIONAIRE KICK!
(Purple Puma swings Tiger Millionaire around and he kicks Shark-O Mania in the face, knocking him down onto his back.)
Mr. Smiley: And Shark-O-Mania's out cold. Somebody put that fish on ice before it stinks up the joint!
(Purple Puma, seemingly in solemn, gazes down at Shark-O Mania on the ground, and then at the cheering crowd.)
Mr. Smiley: Folks, Tiger Millionaire and Purple Puma have done it again! They are still your tag team champions! Will their special brand of jungle terror ever come to an end?
(The crowd cheers on loudly, including Lars.)
Lars: Yeah! Don't ever stop!
Steven: Tiger Millionaire and Purple Puma forever!
Mr. Smiley: Such dedication to teamwork! And friendship- Wha!?
(Purple Puma climbs out of the wrestling ring and swipes away Mr. Smiley microphone.)
Amethyst: *sighs* Hey, it's been fun, but... I'm over this.
(The crowd gasps in shock, and goes silent.)
Steven: Wha- What's going on?
Amethyst: I'm through with this place! Here's your belt back. *drops the mic*
Mr. Smiley: Hey now, that mic is expensive! You can't just-
(Purple Puma removes her tag team belt around her waist and drops it on the ground too.)
Mr. Smiley: Oh, no, you're just gonna do that and leave?!
(Tiger Millionaire runs over and picks up the belt and the microphone, as he watches Purple Puma leave the warehouse)
Steven: Uh, sorry everyone. I guess... this is over. Bye, Mr. Smiley: (Tiger Millionaire returns the microphone back to Mr. Smiley and follows after Purple Puma. The crowd begins protesting and booing.
Mr. Smiley: What an unbelievable shame, folks.
Lars: What! That's it?! You can't quit now!
Mr. Smiley: What a sad and anti-climatic end to one of the greatest tag team careers to ever grace the squared surface.
(The warehouse door closes behind Purple Puma and Tiger Millionaire, and Purple Puma shapeshifts back into her normal form.)
Amethyst: Aaahh...! Got my Saturday night spank.
Steven: Did you really mean what you said? About being through with wrestling?
Amethyst: Come on, Steven. Wasn't that match kinda boring? Pfft, we don't need wrestling to have fun anymore, right?
Steven: Uh, right!
Amethyst: Yeah! Let's go home and get some grub.
(Tiger Millionaire looks at the belt that Purple Puma dropped in slight dismay.)
[Trans. Int. The Big Donut, The Next Day]
(Steven walks into the Big Donut to get some donuts.)
Steven: Hey Sadie, hey Lars! Can I get the special?
(Lars, face-down on the counter, drops Steven's order on the counter without saying a word.)
Steven: *picks up his order* Uhh...
(Steven lifts up Lars' head, revealing his distressed face.)
Lars: *groaning* Tiger...
(Steven yells in shock and lets off of Lars' head, flopping it back on the counter.)
Lars: ... He left wrestling at the height of his career! *groaning* Why...?
Sadie: Huh, why don't you just ask Steven?
Lars: You and your theory. Steven is not Tiger! Tiger's ripped and like seven feet tall!
Steven: Well... I heard Purple Puma didn't want to do it anymore: Lars: So what!? Just because Purple Puma quit doesn't mean Tiger had to.
Steven: *gets pensive* I also heard Tiger didn't think of that.
Lars: Well, he shoulda. It's the least he could do for his fans.
Steven: Hmm... *leaves the shop, deep in thought*
Sadie: O-uh. It is him, right?
[Trans. Ext. Abandoned Warehouse, Night-time]
(Steven runs towards the warehouse, wearing a shawl, as another wrestling match is occurring.)
Mr. Smiley: Now I know these days we are in a depression. But underground wrestling is too big to fade. We got two new fighters on loan and they are here to collect. Ladies and gentlemen, The Wolves of Wallstreet!
(The crowd cheers as two wrestlers, similar in theme of Purple Puma and Tiger Millionaire, but as wolves, are seen on the wrestling ring.)
Billy Bank Assets: We'll huff! We'll puff! And we'll blow your stocks down!
Lars: What a ripoff.
(Steven bursts through the warehouse door and jumps to the ring.)
Mr. Smiley: What's this? It looks like we have a new challenger making his way into the ring. What mystery could possibly lie beneath that identity-concealing shawl?
(Steven, dressed as Tiger Millionaire, removes his shawl, and his wrestling theme begins to play.)
Mr. Smiley: I don't believe! Tiger Millionaire, ladies and gentlemen!
(Lars chokes on his drink in surprise, and the crowd cheers on in shock too. Tiger Millionaire then picks the microphone.)
Steven: You are wrong Mr. Smiley. Tiger Millionaire, is gone forever. He retired to his huge pile of money. But he realized it didn't make him happy. So here I am ready to give back to the fans. Tiger Philanthropist!
(Tiger Philanthropist rips off his tie and starts throwing money to a very excited crowd. Sadie is confused while Lars is unamused.)
Mr. Smiley: So the millionaire becomes a philanthropist. A person who gives money away! But I ask you. Can the Purple Puma's backup make it solo?
Steven: Bring it on!
(The crowd cheers as Tiger Philanthropist prepares to face Billy Bank Assets.)
Steven: Hey, tough boy! You need a loan to start a small business?
Billy Bank Assets: Oh. I'm actually pretty financially stable-
Steven: 'Cause you've just been approved.
Billy Bank Assets: But I guess that-
(Tiger charges at Billy with an elbow strike and knocks him down.)
Mr. Smiley: Oh my dang! Billy Bank Assets just got a taste of the Philanthropist business loan elbow!
(Howl Jones jumps into the ring in front of Tiger.)
Mr. Smiley: Howl Jones is still in this match thought! He's gonna make a withdraw!
(Howl Jones grapples Tiger at his shoulders, but Tiger flips him overhead.)
Mr. Smiley: Oh! Overdraft!
Steven: This should cover your medical bills! *throws money at Howl Jones*
Mr. Smiley: What a generous wrestler! Oh-what? Looks like Shark-o-Mania is back for revenge! With a new partner! The Sea-Wasp! *checking on his phone* Which is a very poisonous type of jellyfish.
(Shark-O-Mania and Sea Wasp jump into the ring and approach Tiger Philanthropist.)
Steven: Ha! Looks like we'll have to give them the old Purple Pum-
(Tiger holds his hand out and looks behind, and realizes Purple Puma is not there anymore.)
Mr. Smiley: Dang! How is Tiger gonna get out off this fishy situation?
Steven: Ahhhh: (Tiger charges at Shark-o-Mania and Sea-Wasp and takes them both down with an arm to their guts.)
Mr. Smiley: Oh! He hit 'em with a charitable Take-Donation! And now a wringing-catapultist!
(Tiger single-handedly knocks out Shark-o-Mania and Sea-Wasp.)
Mr. Smiley: Did you see that? He's paying for their medical bills too! It looks like this philanthropist is the real deal, ladies and gentlemen! No one is leaving here tonight unimpressed.
(Tiger Philanthropist climbs onto the ring rope and throws more money at the cheering crowd. He then looks at Lars, noticing a look of disinterest on his face, and frowns in dismay.)
[Trans. Int. The Big Donut, The Next Day]
(Steven visits the donut shop again to greet Lars.)
Steven: *cheery* Hi Lars!
Lars: *deadpan* Uhh... What.
Steven: So... how was your evening?
Lars: Fine I guess. Kind of boring.
Steven: What do you mean kind of boring!?
Lars: Why are you so worked up over how my night was?
Steven: Oh, uhh... Well, I was wondering if you've seen any good wrestling matches lately?
Lars: Hmpf. Now that you mention it, no!
Steven: But I heard Tiger Millionaire was back. He's your favorite, right?
Lars: Yeah, but he came back as some lame, Tiger... Phil-harmonic donations-thing? Which, honestly, is such a weird angle, you know? The whole thing just felt so off.
Steven: What do you mean off?
Lars: He took off his tie, and is throwing money at everybody. It's like, the sequel no one asked for.
Steven: What! It's the sequel you asked for!
Lars: Well, he just didn't seem into it, you know? He used to care about his money. Now he's just giving it away. And he still just wins like, every match.
Steven: Oh, I get it. You want him to lose and keep his money, right?
Lars: No, I don't want him to lose, just-
Steven: What do you want him to do!? Just tell meeeee!
Lars: I don't know! I don't even know what I want for breakfast half the time! I'm a complex individual teenage boy. Now get out of here and stop taking such a personal interest in my habits and well-being!
[Trans. Int. Beach House]
(Steven lies sulking on the couch, while Amethyst is making tea next to him.)
Steven: I don't get it. I don't even know why I'm wrestling anymore. I guess I'm doing it for Lars? And he doesn't even care. I liked it better when I was doing it for you.
Amethyst: But who needs it, you know? I mean, I needed it when I felt like, ehh... I wasn't good enough. But I don't feel like that anymore. *eats the teabag* Do you?
Steven: No. No, that- that's never why I was doing it. I just, liked it was our thing we did together. But, you're right. Doesn't make sense anymore. I think I should just do what you did. Just tell everybody I'm quitting and... leave like it's no big deal.
(Steven gets up and walks off. Amethyst looks down in slight regret.)
[Trans. Ext. Abandoned Warehouse, Night-time]
(Tiger Philanthropist stands alone in the ring, with the tag team belts hanging from the ceiling.)
Mr. Smiley: Ladies and gents. Tonight is a very special night here at the Beach City Wrestling Arena Dome and Building. I'll let my good friend Tiger Mill- I mean, Philanthropist explain.
Steven: Thank you Mr. Smiley.
Lars: *uninterested* What now?
Steven: Tonight will mark my greatest and finalist act of philanthropy. Tonight, I am giving away the Tag Team titles. Whoever can grab them first can have them.
(The crowd begins booing at Tiger.)
Lars: Booooo! Philanthrophy is laaame!
Steven: Boo all you like! I don't care anymore! These belts don't mean anything to me! They never did.
(The crowd keep booing at Tiger, when the Brothers Construction theme starts to play.)
Mr. Smiley: I know that sound! It's the Brothers Construction! Concrete Heat and Chunk Truck! So sad to see Tiger giving up those belts without at least putting up a fight.
(The Good-Looking Gang theme plays as they enter the warehouse as well.)
Mr. Smiley: Oh no! It's Good-Looking Gang's music! They are back to finally claim the tag titles! Look like things are heating up on the ring, who'll be the next tag team champion!
(A Puma's Roar is suddenly heard, as Purple Puma appears at the doorway.)
Amethyst: Whoa there, Tiger!
Steven: Amethyst?
Mr. Smiley: He's back! The legend has returned to the ring! PUUURPPPLE PUUUMAAA!!
Amethyst: Those belts aren't yours to give away! Those times we wrestled together meant everything to me! *jumps into the ring* You can give away all jungle bucks you want. But I will not stand by and let you give up our memories!
(Purple Puma picks up Tiger Philanthropist and hugs him. The crowds "awws" and cheers.)
Mr. Smiley: Oh what a display, ladies and gentlemen.
Steven: You came back!
Amethyst: I'm sorry. This was our thing we did together and I just... quit on you!
Steven: It's ok. You were right. We don't need this anymore.
Amethyst: Well, how do you wanna go out?
Steven: With a bang!
(Purple Puma and Tiger Philanthropist smile at each other, when Chunk Truck suddenly punches Purple Puma in the face.)
Mr. Smiley: It looks like this fight for the belt it's still on!
(Purple Puma stumbles backwards and leans onto the ring ropes. Chunk Truck then grapples Tiger Philanthropist, leaving him open for Concrete Heat.)
Mr. Smiley: The Brothers Construction look like they are ready letting down a foundation of pain! But, oh! Shark-o-Mania is back again! He's not even in the match!
(Shark-o-Mania jumps into the ring and charges at Tiger, headbutting him while still in Chuck Truck's grasp.)
Mr. Smiley: Tiger Philanthropist is down!
Lars: What?!
(Shark-o-Mania and Concrete Heat grab and knock down Tiger Philanthropist and Purple Puma respectively. As they stand up, Chunk Truck punches Tiger, and Concrete Heat executes a Double Axe Handle on Puma.)
Lars: *climbing into the ring* This isn't fair! Stop the match! They're gonna be destroyed!
(A security guard grabs Lars and drags him away. Puma and Tiger kneel beaten-up in front of the Good-Looking Gang.)
Steven & Amethyst: Finish it!
(The Good-Looking Gang nod and they both deliver a kick right into Puma's and Tiger's face, knocking them out.)
Mr. Smiley: No! The Good-Looking Gang hit the Star-Crossed Lovers on Puma and Tiger! This is their chance! The belts are hanging free and clear!
(Puma and Tiger gaze at the Good-Looking Gang as they successfully retrieve the tag team belts, and pink and purple confetti begin raining upon them.)
Mr. Smiley: They got it! It's official! The Good-Looking Gang are the new Beach City underground tag team wrestling champions! This is truly the end for Tiger Millionaire and Purple Puma. What a way to go out!
(Sadie keeps the warehouse door open, as the security guard escorts Lars outside the building.)
Lars: How can this be happening! It was just getting good! You can't quit now! TIIIGEEERR!! *sobs*
(The star iris closes on Puma and Tiger, as they wink at each other in content, ending the episode.)
[END]