[Open Int. Steven's Room]
(Steven is seen calling Peridot through "Videophone" on a laptop.)
Peridot: Hello?
Steven: Hi, Peridot!
Peridot: Steven, can you hear me?
Steven: I-I can hear y-
Peridot: CAN YOU HEAR ME?!
Steven: I can hear y-
(Peridot fiddles with her tablet to increase the volume, while she grumbles loudly in frustration.)
Peridot: How do I work this stupid thing? Ahh! Steven?
Steven: Hi, Peridot!
Peridot: Steven! *laughs* Behold my resourceful genius! I figured out how to get Wi-Fi in the barn.
(Peridot shows Steven an active lawnmower outside the barn, remodeled into a modem.)
Peridot: The connection is fast enough to stream "Camp Pining Hearts" in all 1,080 p's! It took me a while, but let me tell you how I did it. So, I had to go through-
(Peridot's transmission begins glitching out.)
Steven: Peridot?
Peridot: So, there I was, face to face with one of those big-
(The transmission continues to glitch, as the signal gets interrupted with squealing noises.)
Steven: Peridot, you're breaking up.
Peridot: ...running for my life with nothing but a-
(The transmission glitches again.)
Peridot: And then it bit me!-
(The transmission glitches once more.)
Peridot: And now the Wi-Fi works perfectly. What did you do today?
Steven: I learned how to do this.
(Steven does the "rubber pencil" trick for Peridot to see.)
Peridot: Whaaaat!? Lapis, get over here.
Lapis: Is that... Steven? *looks uneasy*
Peridot: Yes.
Lapis: Oh, no! Steven, what happened?!
Steven: Oh, you guys, it's fine. It's just a-
Lapis: How did he get trapped in there?! Why aren't you doing something?!
Peridot: Lapis, relax. It's just my communication pad.
(Lapis snatches Peridot's tablet.)
Lapis: Who did this to you?! Steven, I'll get you out of there! Where's your gem on this thing? I-I-
Steven: Lapis?
Lapis: I can't find it!
Peridot: What?
Lapis: He must be inside!
Steven: Wait-
Steven & Peridot: Lapis-
Peridot: It's just a screen! Sto-
(The transmission from Peridot's end suddenly cuts away.)
Steven: Oh geez!
(Steven crawls away out of his room, when Peridot's transmission returns.)
Peridot: Oh, thank the stars. I thought you were a goner.
Lapis: Step aside, Peridot. I have to free him.
Peridot: Lapis, no!
Lapis: *wielding a baseball bat* I'll save you Steven! I'll save you like you saved me!
Peridot: Calm down!
(Steven then comes running into the Barn.)
Steven: Wait! Stop! I'm fine!
Lapis: Steven! You're okay! *hugs Steven*
Lapis: Oh, sorry, Peridot.
Peridot: It's okay. Just take it easy with that bat.
(Just then, Lion's legs appear on the laptop's end of the video chat.)
Steven: Aww look. It's Lion. W-Wait, Lion. Lion, be careful! Lion, no!
(Lion knocks the laptop out of Steven's room, causing the connection to end.)
Steven: Noooo! *runs frantically out of the Barn* That was Connie's laptop! LION!
Lapis: He should really be more careful with other people's stuff.
Peridot: *unamused* Hmm...
(Peridot ends the call as well.)
[END]