(The episode opens with the faces of Garnet, Pearl and Amethyst, and a scribble on a chalkboard reading "The Crystal Gems", before the "Crystal" is replaced with "Classroom")
Altogether: The Classroom Gems! What are Gems?
Pearl: Welcome to Gem classroom. I'm Pearl, and today we're going to talk about what Gems are.
(Three gemstones, one blue, one red, and one purple going to the right, appear on a chalkboard behind Pearl.)
Pearl: Simplified down to our basic form, Gems are- *chuckles* Well, just gems. *giggles* Our bodies are actually projections generated by our gemstone.
(The gemstones transform into Garnet and Amethyst.)
Pearl: Think of it like a hologram, but with mass.
Amethyst: Nice mass.
Garnet: I know.
Pearl: Ahem! Though Gems are extraordinarily resilient, if they're seriously hurt, they will release their physical form.
Amethyst: Yow!
(Garnet hits Amethyst on the head, causing her to poof back into her gemstone.)
Pearl: And poof back to just their gem.
(Garnet flings Amethyst's gemstone from her foot to her hand, and begins throwing it up and down.)
Pearl: This way, they can most efficiently put all of their energy into regenerating themselves. And when a Gem is reduced to its gemstone, it can be contained in a bubble-
(Garnet bubbles Amethyst's gemstone.)
Pearl: Or trapped in an object, making it impossible to re-form. But don't worry.
(Garnet pops the bubble containing Amethyst's gemstone, dropping it on the ground.)
Pearl: As long as the gemstone isn't damaged, the Gem will be able to regenerate.
(Amethyst instantly regenerates back to her projected form.)
Amethyst: Ta-da! Check me out! Ha! I'm as good as new!
Pearl: But... If a Gem's gemstone is cracked-
(Amethyst shapeshifts a third arm on her head and begins wiggling her arms around.)
Amethyst: Things get really weird.
Pearl: And if a Gem's gem is shattered completely, they'll cease to be.
Amethyst: Good thing I'm super tough.
Garnet: Mm-hmm.
(Garnet summons her gauntlet and tries to hit Amethyst, who quickly dodges away.)
Amethyst: Whoa! Not that tough! Waahhh!
(Garnet begins chasing after Amethyst off the chalkboard.)
Pearl: That's all for today's lesson.
(Amethyst runs by, still being chased by Garnet.)
Pearl: Ahem!
Steven: *waving his hand rapidly* Wait, I have a question.
(Garnet and Amethyst run by again.)
Steven: What if a Gem is half human?
Pearl: That is a very good question! The answer is you!
Steven: *gasps* Me!
(The word "Homework" appears on the chalkboard behind Pearl.)
Pearl: Why don't you write an essay about what it's like to be yourself?
Steven: What's an essay?
Pearl: Ehh... Class dismissed!
(The school bell rings as the words "Class Dismissed!" are shown.)
[END]