[Open Int. Beach House]
(Following the events in "Now We're Only Falling Apart", Sapphire, Steven and Pearl warp back home from Rose's Fountain.)
Sapphire: Ruby! I’m so sorry! Where...? Huh?
(Sapphire finds a note on the floor that has “Sapphire” written on it.)
Sapphire: Oh no.
(Sapphire picks up the note and begins to read it.)
Sapphire: "Sapphire, you were right. I need some time to think, so I am running away? Ruby." This can’t be happening. *starts crying* Oh Ruby, I’m so sorry. You left before I can take back all the horrible things I said to you.
(Pearl takes the letter off of Sapphire’s hand and reads it as well.)
Pearl: Well... Amethyst was with her, right? Maybe she knows she went.
(Electronic sounds are heard, and the group finds Amethyst playing video games on Steven's bed.)
Steven: Amethyst, have you seen Ruby?
Amethyst: Yeah, I've seen her. Huh, she asked me for a pen and paper a while ago. Why?
Pearl: Because, she ran away! *shoves the letter in Amethyst's face* Did you see where she went?
Amethyst: I don't know, maybe she'll come back. It's not my job to babysit her. *pauses the game* Hey, Steven! Get over here, I need a Player Two!
Steven: Hold on a second, Amethyst. Do you see her coming back in your future vision, Sapphire?
Sapphire: Oh? Oh! Maybe! But... She's so wonderful... and spontaneous! I have no idea what she could- Why would she be a cowboy?!
(Sapphire clings to Pearl's legs and begins sobbing loudly. Pearl pats her head, kneels down to her level and holds Sapphire's hands.)
Pearl: There, there. It's going to be okay. She's going to come back! She's got to come back! If she doesn't then... then, there would be no more Garnet. And... what on Earth would we do without Garnet?
Sapphire: Oh, Pearl! How will I ever get her back?!
(Pearl embraces Sapphire, as Sapphire clings to Pearl's arm, visibly trembling.)
Pearl: I- I don't know! You two are incredible together! It can't be over! It can't be!!
(Both Pearl and Sapphire begin sobbing loudly together, while Amethyst watches on uncomfortably.)
Amethyst: Uhh... Why don’t you two take all of this into the Temple? *sighs* Steven and I are going to play some video games.
Steven: No, no, it’s ok! Don’t worry Sapphire. I’m gonna go out and find Ruby.
Amethyst: What?
Steven: I’ll be right back with her in no time.
(Steven walks off, leaving Amethyst behind, while Pearl and Sapphire continue to sob loudly.)
Amethyst: Yo Steven, wait up! I’m coming too.
[Trans. Ext. Beach House]
(Steven begins looking around while Amethyst unenthusiastically walks up to him.)
Steven: I don’t think Ruby used the Warp Pad. She said she was running away, not warping away; she’s usually pretty literal. We just need to figure out which direction she ran in.
Amethyst: So, how do we do that?
Steven: Uh... Let's try putting ourselves in Ruby's shoes.
Amethyst: *shapeshifts into Ruby* Heheheh, now what?
Steven: Amethyst, be serious.
(Amethyst looks umamused.)
Steven: She could've only gone in one of two directions, either into town, or into the ocean.
(Steven and Amethyst ponder for a moment.)
[Trans. Int. Ocean]
(Steven and Amethyst decide to search around the ocean first for Ruby.)
Steven: *in his bubble shield* Ruby! Ruuuby!
Amethyst: *muffled underwater* Ruby!
[Trans. Int. Beach House]
(Steven and Amethyst exits the ocean, after searching for Ruby with no luck.)
Steven: Okay... So... She wasn't underwater...
(Steven and Amethyst start walking towards Beach City.)
Steven: Ruby!?
Amethyst: *unenthusiastically* Ruby...
(Amethyst nudges a seashell on the sand gently with her foot.)
Amethyst: Ruby?
Steven: I really don't think she's hiding under a seashell.
Amethyst: Maybe Ruby shapeshifted really small! You never know.
(Amethyst shapeshifts really small and climbs inside the seashell.)
Amethyst: What a spacious house! I'll keep it.
Steven: *picks up the seashell* Amethyst... You know I love these great goofs but... *sighs* I'm worried about Ruby, can you stop messing around and turn back to normal?
Amethyst: You're the boss.
(Amethyst shapeshifts back to her normal size, bursting out of the seashell and falling on top of Steven, who is unimpressed.)
Steven: *sighs* We need to think... Where would Ruby go if she ran away? Is there anyone in town that she knows?
[Trans. Ext. It's a Wash]
(Steven and Amethyst arrive at Greg's car wash, and Steven peeks into the shop)
Steven: Doesn't look like she's here.
Amethyst: Dead end, huh?
Steven: We've just got to keep looking.
[Trans. Ext. Onion's House]
(A montage begins to play, as Steven frantically searches for Ruby, while an disengaged Amethyst follows him around. At Vidalia's garage, Steven draws a missing poster for Ruby, and Vidalia gives a thumbs-up in approval.)
[Trans. Ext. Beach Citywalk Fries]
(Steven pastes a copy of the missing poster on Peedee's food truck, while Amethyst orders a tray full of fry bits. Amethyst offers the fry bits to Steven, but he walks away, ignoring Amethyst, and she takes a bite of the bits in dejection.)
[Trans. Int. Beach City Funland]
(At the pier fun fair, Steven and Amethyst ride on the teacup ride. Amethyst is having a blast while Steven scatters the posters all around the fair grounds. Afterwards, Amethysy wins a prize from a game booth to get Steven's attention, but Steven is too focused searching for Ruby.)
[Trans. The Lighthouse]
(At the top of the lighthouse, Steven searches all around town using Ronaldo's telescope, while an uninterested Amethyst carries him on her shoulders. Looking through the telescope, he spots Bill Dewey sweeping outside the Big Donut, Sadie hanging out with the Cool Kids, and Onion emerging from some bushes and noticing Steven, but no Ruby.)
[Trans. Ext. Fish Stew Pizza]
(Steven peeks through the windows into the pizzeria.)
Steven: She's not in here either... This is where I'd go if I was feeling down... Pizza always cheers me up.
Amethyst: So, why don't we get some?
Steven: But... We haven't found Ruby yet.
Amethyst: Steven, it's cool you wanna help Ruby, but... What about you?
(Steven looks down in reluctance.)
Amethyst: Come on! Let's forget about Ruby for a moment and get some pizza!
Steven: I'm not hungry!
(Steven's stomach suddenly starts growling.)
Steven: Maybe I'm a little hungry?
[Trans. Int. Fish Stew Pizza]
(Steven and Amethyst sit at a table inside as Kiki serves a pizza onto the table.)
Kiki: Here's your pizza, with literally all the toppings.
Amethyst: Yessss...!
Kiki: Oh, and here. You're gonna need these. *hands a spoon to Steven and Amethyst*
Steven: Thanks!
Amethyst: Yeah, thanks man!
Kiki: You're welcome! *walks off*
(Steven grabs the spoon and begins picking the food a little. Amethyst grabs a slice of pizza and rolls it up.)
Amethyst: So... Pink Diamond, huh?
Steven: Yep...
(Steven scoops up some of the toppings with his spoon and eats it, while Amethyst takes a big bite of her pizza.)
Amethyst: Mmm... Rose Quartz, eh?
Steven: Mm-hmm...
Amethyst: So... All this time... You thought Rose was this rebel leader, but... She was just rebelling against herself?
Steven: Apparently.
Amethyst: And the Diamond that Rose supposedly shattered. I mean... You've got it. It's right there under your shirt.
(Steven lifts up his shirt, glances at his gem and nods.)
Steven: Yeah..
Amethyst: So... How are you feelin'?
Steven: I feel... confused. I-I thought I'd really finally got it. That Mom didn't have everything figured out, even though everybody put her way up on this pedestal, but... now I guess she's royalty too?
Amethyst: Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
Steven: I'm relieved that she didn't shatter anyone, but... She lied to everyone. I mean... I'm not surprised. I knew she was a liar. But this is just... so much.
(Steven grabs a slice of pizza and attempts to eat it, but the toppings falls off his slice onto the table.)
Amethyst: But like... Aren't you mad?
Steven: Kind of? I don't know... I can see how she was good and bad... and bad and good. *wraps the fallen toppings in a napkin* But I... I guess what really matters right now is how hard Garnet took it.
(Amethyst slams her fists on the table.)
Amethyst: But what about you?! She's your mom! You were always under all this pressure to be like her! But... Was she even like her?! Was anyone ever like her?!
(Amethyst begins digging into the pizza with her spoon, while a shocked Steven listens to her rant.)
Amethyst: She was supposed to be so great! She was supposed to know everything! And... Ugh... She was supposed to make everything better! It's not fair! We shouldn't have to deal with any of this, we shouldn't have to fix any of this, we weren't around for a stupid war! This... is everyone else's problem... This has nothing to do with me...
(Steven stares intently at Amethyst, who flusters in response.)
Amethyst: And you! This has nothing to do with you!
Steven: Amethyst, hold on a second. Are you okay?
Amethyst: *slams her fists on the table* No! I mean... Yes! Of course, I'm okay! Ugh... I'm trying to find out how you feel about all this! Ugh! She's... your mom, okay? Doesn't really affect me.
(Just then, Jenny enters the pizzeria.)
Jenny: Dude! Kiki, I just got the biggest tip from Mr. Universe and I'm totally gonna buy those boots now!
Kiki: Woah... Seriously?
Jenny: Yeah! He was like all the way out on Brooding Hill, which is totally out of our delivery radius, comforting some little friend! She must've been crying because she was like really red.
Amethyst & Steven: Ruby!
Amethyst: Let me handle this, Steven! No more adult should be putting anything else on you. Just let someone else take care of it for once!
(Amethyst stomps outside and Steven chases after her.)
Steven: Amethyst, wait! There's someone else who needs help even more, and it's you! Amethyst, we need to talk!
Amethyst: Uhh... Can't now, bud. *shapeshifts into a helicopter* Going to find Ruby!
(Amethyst takes off into the sky, but Steven jumps up after her and clings onto her back.)
Steven: Let me help you with your feelings!
Amethyst: Get off my back, dude!
(Amethyst tries to shake Steven off her back.)
Steven: Wuh- Come on! You can- Ugh!- Talk to me!
(Steven is flung onto Amethyst's leg, and Amethyst begins twirling around, trying to shake Steven off.)
Steven: Geh uh- Euh! If you open up you'll feel so much better!
(Steven loses grip and is flung upwards, landing onto Amethyst's head, where the helicopter seats are.)
Steven: Come on! You're hiding something!
Amethyst: Get out of my head, Steven!
Steven: Am I getting too personal?
Amethyst: Dude, you're literally inside my head!
Steven: Amethyst, look out!
(Distracted by Steven, Amethyst accidentally collides into the Water Tower and begins diving towards the ground.)
Amethyst: We're crashing!!
Steven: But... How does that make you feel?!
(The pair crash-lands into the beach. Steven slowly gets up and sits up, while Amethyst is seen lying on the ground, with her face dragged across and buried into the sand.)
Steven: A-Amethyst?
Amethyst: *gets up* You wanna know how I feel, Steven?!
Steven: I thought I was pretty clear about that.
Amethyst: I thought I was pretty clear too! I feel like I don't wanna say, "What about me?" Okay!? And I don't want to be bent out of shape! I don't wanna be stuck in the past, and I'm not responsible for what Rose did! None of us are! Not you... Not Pearl... And not Garnet! But I am responsible for me! And right now, I am NOT gonna dump another thousand-year-old complex on you or anybody else! I'm ending it right here! I am the ding-dong sunshine future; your friend forever! And I'm not gonna fall apart on you.
Steven: Amethyst..
Amethyst: So Steven, how do you feel?
Steven: Pretty good.
Amethyst: ... Good.
(Amethyst sits next to Steven and flops backwards onto the ground.)
Steven: Have you been trying to cheer me up this whole time?
Amethyst: Yesss...! Geez... Don't you know you deserve it? You... Great... Person?
(Steven and Amethyst remain silently on the beach for a moment.)
Steven: Hey, Amethyst?
Amethyst: What?
Steven: I can't believe I'm going to say this, but... I think you're officially the most mature Crystal Gem.
Amethyst: Oh... No...! Ugh, gross! That's what this is, isn't it?
Steven: Yeah... Pretty much.
Amethyst: *begins pretend-flailing around like a child* No! Nyooooooh!
(Amethyst and Steven laugh together in joy.)
Amethyst: You still wanna find Ruby?
Steven: Yeah.
Amethyst: Alright. Let's go.
(Amethyst shapeshifts into a helicopter and begins flying with Steven into the sky. Steven then spots Greg and Ruby sitting on top of Brooding Hill.)
Steven: There they are!
Amethyst: Target spotted!
Steven: Let's go in for a landing!
(Amethyst flies in closer towards the two, as the episode ends.)
[END]