[Open Ext. Steven's Bathroom]
(Garnet is seen angrily knocking on the bathroom door and yelling at it.)
Garnet: *angrily knocking on door* Open the door, Peridot! If this "Cluster" is putting us in danger, you need to tell us what it is so we can stop it.
Peridot: *holding the doorknob on the other side* NO! I hate you. I'm not telling you anything about the Cluster!
Amethyst: *leans on Pearl's back* Oh, come on! Is it like a big... hunk of... granola?
Peridot: ... What's "granola"?
Pearl: I'm sure it's not granola. Now Peridot, I'm sure we can reach some sort of agreement. Perhaps a trade is in order?
Peridot: Oh, sure, why don't you just give me back my leg enhancements and my arm attachments with my screen and my log and all my information! Oh wait, YOU DESTROYED THEM! SO NO, I DON'T THINK WE CAN REACH SOME SORT OF AGREEMENT!!
(The Gems collectively groan, when toilet flushing is heard, revealing that Steven is still inside the bathroom with Peridot.)
Steven: Okay Peridot, you can turn around now.
(Steven comes out of the bathroom.)
Steven: *clears his throat* Sorry for, interrupting your interrogation.
Garnet: Don't worry about it, Steven.
Pearl: I swear, Peridot is gonna crack any second now!
Peridot: I'll never crack for the likes of you, you... CRYSTAL CLODS! *laughs*
Pearl: *growls* I'VE GOT YOUR CLODS RIGHT HERE, YOU LITTLE-
Garnet: Hold on Pearl. If she's not going to be of any help, let's investigate this thing on our own.
Steven: I'll come with you!
Garnet: Sorry Steven, we're gonna need you to stay here and keep and eye on our... "guest". *adjusts her visor*
Steven: Really?!
Amethyst: Yeah! Make sure she doesn't try anything.
Pearl: Don't worry, she's harmless without her limb enhancers.
Peridot: I'M NOT HARMLESS!!!
Pearl: Oh, HUSH UP!
(The Gems step onto the Warp Pad.)
Garnet: Oh! Steven, there's one more thing I have to mention.
Steven: *gets anxious* What is it?
Garnet: *forms a heart shape with her hands* I love you. Bye!
Amethyst: See ya later!
(The Gems warp away, and Steven blushes and waves. Times passes by, the sky outside the Beach House is getting dark as thunder is heard. Steven is preparing soup in the kitchen.)
Steven: *calls out to Peridot* They left, you know. You can come out now.
Peridot: No! I-I like it in here!
Steven: Okay.
(Steven continues preparing his soup and looks out the window, as he sees a heavy rain begins to pour.)
Steven: *smiles* Wow, it's really coming down.
(Thunder strikes. Peridot then kicks the bathroom door open and runs out, accidentally slamming into a wall.)
Peridot: *panicking* It's happening!
Steven: What?!
Peridot: THE CLUSTER!!! *runs to Steven*
Steven: Really?!
Peridot: What else could be making that horrible- (Thunder strikes again.) AHHHHH!!! *holds on to Steven* It's pounding on the Earth from the inside! This is it, this is THE END of the world! *cries and whimpers*
Steven: Oh, that's just thunder!
Peridot: What?
Steven: Yeah, everything is fine, it's just thunder. It happens when it rains.
Peridot: Uh huh?
Steven: You don't know about rain?
Peridot: ... I don't know anything without my screen.
Steven: I-It's okay. Here, pretend this soup is the ocean. When the sun warms it up, water evaporates into clouds, like this steam. *lifts the cooking pot lid, releasing steam from the inside, and closes it* But when the clouds get really heavy, it rains.
Peridot: So, scalding liquid pours down from the sky?
Steven: No, no i-it's just water, it can't hurt you. *turns off the stove* Here, why don't I just show you?
(Steven steps outside the house and runs down to the stairs, into the rain.)
Steven: Woo-hoo!
Peridot: Steven, wait!! *stands hesitatedly at the doorway* Umm uhhmmm...
Steven: COME ON! *laughs* Look, I'm okay, it's just water! This is just something that happens on Earth! Isn't it cool?! *laughs and falls into a mud puddle* WHOAAA! BWAH! *stands up, still laughing* YEAH! WHOOHOOOO!
(Peridot cautiously reaches her hand out into rain, feeling the rain drops on her skin. She then slowly steps out of the house and into the rain.)
Steven: YEAH! YOU DID IT! What do you think? Isn't it cool? *laughs*
Peridot: Cool...
[Time Skip]
(Steven and Peridot are back indoors. Steven is drying his hair while Peridot is pacing around, thinking to herself.)
Steven: That was fun. Huh?
Peridot: It was... something. Hmmm... Ehhh... Hmmm... Steven...?
Steven: Hmm?
Peridot: I'm going to say something. *takes a deep breath* Thank you.
Steven: Uhh, what for?
Peridot: For explaining this "rain" business to me.
Steven: Oh, no problem. *giggles*
Peridot: Yes, you're a much more intelligent creature than I initially thought.
Steven: Um, that's... good?
Peridot: Yes, much more useful than those... clods. STEVEN! I've made up my mind.
Steven: About what exactly?
Peridot: I've decided to share some... information with you!
Steven: Aww, I know you use my toothbrush.
Peridot: N-no... Well.. yes, but it's about the Cluster.
Steven: *gasp* You cracked!
Peridot: I haven't cracked!
Steven: Wait you have to tell the Gems, they need to know this.
Peridot: No! I don't want to talk to them! You're the only one I need! *walks up to Steven* I can show you now, but I have nothing! My arm attachments, my fingers, my screen, my log, it's all gone! But all of my logs up to date 6-5-2 still exist, backed up in Facet Five of the Prime Kindergarten!
Steven: You want me to take you to the Kindergarten? I don't know, uh...
Peridot: Steven, don't you want to know about the Cluster?
Steven: Hmm... okay. We can go to the Kindergarten.
Peridot: Ahhh, YES!
Steven: Bu-u-ut~
Peridot: No! A catch. Fine! What are your demands?
Steven: You're gonna to have to hold my hand the whole time. *reaches his hand towards Peridot and giggles*
[Trans. Prime Kindergarten]
(Steven and Peridot, holding hands, warp to the Kindergarten.)
Steven: Welp, here we are.
Peridot: Okay, great! Let's go.
(Peridot leaps off the warp pad platform, dragging Steven along, and they both fall, screaming, onto the ground, landing on their faces. They then venture into the Kindergarten.)
Steven: This place just gets worse every time I come here.
Peridot: I know. It's been so poorly managed. It must have been in way better shape when you first emerged.
Steven: Emerged?
Peridot: Yeah, you're some kind of quartz, right? (The two stop walking.) You must have been made here.
Steven: Uh... I came from my mom and dad.
Peridot: Are those some kind of rocks? Or another planet?
Steven: *chuckles* Nope. My dad is from Earth, but my mom's a Gem. *shows Peridot his gem at his naval*
Peridot: You're some sort of... hybrid? How is that possible?
Steven: The answer to that is a story I like to call, "The Ballad of Rose and Greg".
Peridot: I don't care. Let's just hurry to the control room. (The two start walking again.)
Steven: You sure this is safe? The last time I was here, there were a bunch of fusion monsters.
Peridot: Yes, I was checking their progress.
Steven: What's the deal with those things?
(Steven and Peridot begin sliding down the hole to the Prime Kindergarten Control Room.)
Peridot: When it became clear that the Earth was no longer a viable colony, Homeworld decided to use it for something else: a series of experiments. A gem geo-weapon.
Steven: Oh, did you help?
Peridot: Negative. I wasn't lucky enough to be around for that. But I read over a few hundred years of reports. *chuckles*
Steven: This is where you need to be, right?
Peridot: Yes. I'm going to have to remove this panel and do a bit of work to restore power to this room, sooo... can I have my hand back now?
Steven: Okay, but stay where I can see you.
(Steven releases Peridot's hand, and she taps on a wall, causing a panel to pop out. Peridot then attempts to pull out the panel, grunting and straining, but fails.)
Peridot: It's over... I can't show you anything. Let's go back.
Steven: Mind if I try?
Peridot: Go ahead, knock yourself out. *looks away*
(Steven pulls away the panel with ease.)
Peridot: Whoa!
Steven: There you go!
Peridot: Alright. *tinkers with the wires in the wall* This over here...
(The Control Room's power is then restored.)
Peridot: It's not perfect, but it'll do for now.
(Steven drops the panel and Peridot groans as she cannot reach the gem pedestal.)
Peridot: Come on!
Steven: What's up, 'dot?
Peridot: I can't quite... reach the- mmm!
(Steven picks up Peridot and puts her on his shoulders.)
Steven: It's okay to ask for help, you know.
Peridot: I had it.
(Peridot taps on the pedestal and it lowers to her height. Steven then put Peridot down and she clears her throat. She then places her hand on the pedestal in the center, lighting up the control room, and a plethora of Gem Shards are shown on the room's screens.)
Peridot: These are the early attempts at artificial fusion.
Steven: *looks around* That's a lot of Gem shards...
Peridot: We were growing them here at this very site, but these were just prototypes for the final product.
(Peridot taps on the pedestal, and the screen projects the overview of Earth, with a marker displayed around the east coast of North America.)
Peridot: A singular, giant, artificial fusion, comprised of millions of Gem shards. The Cluster.
Steven: *seemingly tense* Peridot, you're saying... there's a giant, mutant Gem the size of the Earth under us right now?
Peridot: Oh, no, when it forms, it'll be much, much bigger than the Earth. Right now, it lies dormant, incubating in the Earth's core, but when it emerges and takes its physical form, it will destroy the planet.
(The screen then displays the Earth expanding and shattering, as the Cluster forms its physical form. Steven stares at it with great concern.)
Peridot: The prototypes are already emerging. The Cluster is next. If we can't get off this planet, we've got to stop the Cluster. *clenches her fist*
(Steven starts sweating in anxiety.)
Peridot: *matter-of-factly* I thought it'd be impossible, but now we have a chance.
Steven: What is it?
Peridot: *grabs Steven's shoulders and grins malevolently* It's you, Steven!
(Peridot and Steven climb out of the control room.)
Peridot: Now that you're filled in, we can get to work!
Steven: Uhh, how am I supposed to help?
Peridot: Well, you have all the information that we need about Earth and its erratic behavior. Put that together with my expansive knowledge of the Cluster and we just might be able to stop it! *starts walking off*
Steven: No, Peridot, I don't think you get it! *chases after Peridot* Just because I know how clouds work doesn't mean I know how to stop a giant mutant in the center of the earth! Besides, the only reason that I know anything about clouds and rain is because my dad told me.
Peridot: What are you talking about? *stops walking*
Steven: I used to be really scared of thunderstorms, just like you. Then Dad explained how rain and all that stuff works, then I wasn't scared of rain anymore.
Peridot: Well I'm sure you have other knowledge about how this planet works.
Steven: Sure, but none of it's going to help us! If we want to stop this Cluster thing, we'll need help from the Crystal Gems.
Peridot: I said I don't need them! Let's just warp me back to the bathroom or whatever you call it and we'll take care of this. If it looks really bad, then we can just ask this "Dad" for help, right?
(Loud screeching is then heard, frightening Peridot.)
Peridot: Yikes! What was that? *clings to Steven*
Steven: Oh no! Gem mutants!
(Various cluster mutants appear around the warp pad. One of them leaps in front of Steven and Peridot, and Steven quickly summons his bubble shield.)
Peridot: Do something!
Steven: I am doing something!
Peridot: Something useful!!
Steven: Uh... Let's run!
(Steven and Peridot run away from the cluster mutants in Steven's bubble, as they begin chasing the two.)
Peridot: Over here!
Steven: No, the other way!
Peridot: No, not there!
Steven & Peridot: AAAAAAHHHHHH!
Steven: Let's run into this corner! Oh no!
Peridot: We're cornered!
(A cluster mutant catch up to Steven and Peridot, and pounces on Steven's bubble.)
Peridot: AAHHH! Can't you destroy it?
Steven: No, this is all I can do on my own!
(The cluster mutant begins pushing harder on Steven's bubble.)
Peridot: AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH... That's it, we are finished!
Garnet: *off-screen* Hang on, Steven!
Steven: It's the Gems!
(The Gems arrive and begin poofing the cluster mutants. Garnet sends an electric wave at the cluster mutant attacking Steven's bubble and poofs it too.)
Steven: Peridot, there's no way we can stop this thing in the Earth on our own. We need the help of the Crystal Gems.
(Peridot sweats in hesitation. The Gems then leap in front of Steven and Peridot, and Steven dispels his bubble.)
Pearl: Steven! Are you alright?
Peridot: Move aside, Steven. *pushes Steven aside and walks up to the Gems*
Amethyst: Peridot?!
Pearl: What are you two doing here?!
Garnet: Steven, I thought I told you to keep an eye on her.
Steven: I know, but-
Peridot: *reluctantly* He did what he was told. *gazes at Steven, then back at the Crystal Gems* Alright, listen up you clo- nyargh- Crystal Gems! I've made up my mind. I have something to tell you about the Cluster.
[END]