The episode begins with Finn and Jake inside the Tree Fort using the computer. Finn is using a program to make an animation of Ice King being attacked by spiders and a snake.
Jake says: "Ha-ha-ha."
Jake says: "Okay, now make him look angrier!"
Finn says: "Alright, give me a second."
Finn draws angry-looking eyebrows on Ice King.
Jake says: "Nope, not funny anymore."
Jake says: "Sorry, dude—"
Jake says: "you ruined it."
Finn says: "Man, I don't have patience for this animation junk."
Finn says: "Whoever does this must have no life whatsoev—"
Finn punches himself.
Finn says: "Oof..."
Finn says: "Why did I do that?"
A brick is thrown through the window, and Jake approaches it using his stretchy powers.
Jake says: "Yo Finn, did you order a brick?"
Finn says: "Hm, I don't think so."
Jake says: "False alarm; it's just an email."
Finn says: "Who's it from?"
Jake says: "Looks like Ice King's handwriting."
Jake inserts the disk into the computer. A video of a girl eating her hair and gagging immediately starts playing. Finn and Jake watch it, paralyzed with disgust.
Finn says: "Eeeww!"
Jake says: "Eeeww!"
Finn says: "Escape, Jake!"
Finn says: "Escape!"
Jake says: "Alright, alright, hold on."
Jake says: "Oh man!"
Jake says: "Thing must've had a computer worm in it!"
The computer displays a red screen and spikes emerge from it, and the computer becomes triangles.
Finn says: "Whaa?"
Finn says: "Aaaah!"
Finn and Jake run scared from the computer. Scene changes to the Candy Kingdom , where Princess Bubblegum is watering flowers and the Ice King appears flying.
Ice King says: "Hey, Princess!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "What now, Ice King?"
Ice King says: "Remember that time last summer when you said you'd only go out on a date with me if I was the last guy on Ooo?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I doubt I said that."
Finn and Jake come running and screaming hysterically.
Finn says: "P-bubs!"
Jake says: "P-bubs!"
Finn says: "P-bubs, P-bubs!"
Jake says: "P-bubs, P-bubs!"
Finn says: "The computer went..."
Jake says: "Open video and..."
Finn says: "The email..."
Jake says: "Potato trampoline..."
Finn says: "Brick window with the plastic..."
Jake says: "Then crashment!"
Finn says: "Banana hummingbird..."
Jake says: "47 grapes!"
Finn says: "How do we stop the computer worm, you pile of goo?!"
Finn says: "!"
Ice King says: "E-ha-ha-ha-ha!"
Ice King says: "My worm exists beyond your comprehension within the universal source code..."
Finn says: "STOP TALKING LIKE A NERD AND GIVE IT TO US STRAIGHT!!!"
Ice King says: "Once the glitch does its work, the whole world will be deleted!"
Ice King says: "Except for me and my "Bubblygums."
Finn says: "Don't worry, Princess, we'll take care of this thing."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, me too."
Finn says: "Okay!"
The scene changes to a street within the Kingdom with a glitchy transition. The Candy People are seen suffering and screaming from the glitches.
Finn says: "YEOW!"
Finn says: "JAKE, HELP ME!!!"
Finn says: "Come here, guy!"
Sugar Cube says: "No..."
Sugar Cube says: "Stay away from me!"
Finn says: "I'm trying to help you, yo!"
Sugar Cube says: "I saw what happened when you picked up Todd."
Finn says: "But..."
Finn says: "No!!"
Finn says: "Jake, this isn't working!"
Finn says: "We need a plan."
Jake immediately falls asleep. 52 seconds later, almost the whole Kingdom has disappeared, including the ground and the sky. Finn slaps Jake's face, which wakes him up.
Jake says: "Aw, man."
Jake says: "Okay, here is my dream plan."
Jake says: "You were wearin' tights made of green feathers."
Jake says: "These tiny green feathers."
Jake says: "And I was this wisecracking coelacanth that only ate popcorn."
Jake says: "Anyway, we were in this—"
Finn says: "THAT PLAN'S NOT GOOD!"
Finn panics and displays some emoticons on his face while Jake is talking.
Jake says: "Hold on, I'm almost done."
Jake says: "So we were trapped inside this huge egg, and after a while you started dancing in this kind of sign language."
Jake says: "And then Ice King's glitchy stuff started eatin' my dream up."
Jake says: "I peed in my pants, but you went up and talked to it."
Jake says: "You just..."
Jake says: "talked to it."
Finn says: "Then talk to it I will."
Finn says: "Hey man, tell me the haps."
Jake says: "Yeah, tell us your feelings!"
Jake says: "Get deep."
The static makes computerized noises. Subtitles appear on the screen saying "I can't help you, goofballs," which happens to be in front of Finn and Jake. It appears in inverse, confusing Finn and Jake.
Jake says: ""Sllabfoog uoy pleh tnac I..."
Donut Guy says: "OH, SWEET LORD, MY FACE!"
Donut Guy says: "MY PERFECT..."
Donut Guy says: "!!"
Jake says: "Slaw frog yokel snacky."
Jake says: "Snacky slaw frog yokel."
Jake says: "Sea salt yack let a snacky."
Jake says: "Yeah, that sounds good!"
Donut Guy says: "AAAAAAAAAAH..."
Donut Guy says: "!!!"
Finn says: "Jake, I think I found a way in!"
Jake says: "No, wait, dude."
Jake says: "I think I cracked the code!"
Finn says: "There's no time!"
Jake says: "AAAAAAH!!!"
Finn says: "AAAAH..."
Finn says: "AAH!!!"
After a transition effect, Finn and Jake are teleported to the universal source code.
Jake says: "This must be the universal source code!"
Finn floats to an ice crystal that contains the coding for Ice King and Princess Bubblegum.
Finn says: "Huh?"
Finn says: "Ice King and Bubblegum?"
Jake is looking at the hexagons of code for a spider and a snake. The scene goes back to Ooo, where a snake and giant spider are seen facing each other. Back at the source code, Jake grabs the snake hexagon and connects it to the spider hexagon. In Ooo, it is shown the snake and the spider had been conjoined, creating a hybrid.
Finn says: "Jake!"
Finn says: "Don't touch anything!"
Jake says: "Huh?"
Finn says: "I think the shiny things are the building blocks of the universe, man!"
Finn says: "They store every single thing that is a thing back on thing!"
Jake says: "Okay, enough exploring already."
Jake says: "Where is this glitch guy?"
Jake says: "I'm gonna smash his jimmies."
Finn says: "Jake, what is it?"
Jake curls up into a ball in fear and points to a glitch monster with Ice King's face. The glitch grabs the hexagon of a chair and eats it. Back in the Candy Kingdom, Princess Bubblegum is in her castle loading her candy gun when her chair and her other things start disappearing and she falls down.
Ice King says: "Oh, Princess Bubblegum?"
Ice King says: "Guess who?"
Ice King says: "Can you guess?"
Ice King says: "Can you?"
Ice King says: "I'll give you 3 chances."
Princess Bubblegum says: "No."
Ice King says: "OK, four chances."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Ice King, give me the anti-virus, or I'll shoot you with my candy horse tranquilizer!"
Ice King says: "But sugar, look what I brought you!"
Ice King says: "A box of chocos!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Okay, well, even if I did promised, you're not the last person on Ooo, because I'm still here."
Ice King says: "Well, uh..."
Ice King says: "Ooh, I-I have a hand too, y'know?"
Ice King says: "I can lend you one..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, that's disgusting."
Ice King says: "Grrrr!!!"
Scene changes to Finn grabbing Jake by his arm in the source code.
Finn says: "Come on, Jake, pull it together, man."
The glitch grabs a piece from Jake's coding which happens to be his right arm. Finn is shown with a realistic face and notices Jake's arm had unattached from his body.
Finn says: "Jake?"
Jake says: "Oh, no, my arm!"
Jake says: "We had so many great times together..."
A flashback of Jake "flying" his arm as if it was a kite is shown.
Jake says: "Dooby, dooby, dooby, dooby, skeebily, skeebily, dapdy doo..."
Flashback changes to Jake in a bathroom with his arm tapping on his left shoulder behind his back.
Jake says: "Huh?"
Jake says: "Who's that?"
Jake says: "Awww."
Flashback changes to Jake lifting proudly a portrait of he with his right arm, and then the flashback ends.
Jake says: "Let's do this..."
Jake says: "for Righty!"
Finn says: "That's the spirit!"
Finn says: "Oh, my gams!!"
Finn says: "Hold up, dude, my body's changing!"
Scene changes to Ooo, almost completely deserted. Princess Bubblegum is still making out with her hand, while a sad Ice King is building ice statues of himself.
Ice King says: "Oh, come on, woman, I'm trying to be nice!"
Ice King says: "Can't you at least make the best out of this?"
Ice King says: "Still into it."
Princess Bubblegum says: "GIVE ME THE ANTI-VIRUS!"
Ice King says: "I can't, monkey peeps, I didn't make one!"
Ice King says: "The glitch will delete everything until we're all that's last!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "You mean, forever?!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "!"
Ice King says: "Well, yeah!"
Ice King says: "I mean, you say that like it's a bad thing."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Come on, Finn and Jake..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "."
Scene changes to Finn and Jake in the source code. Jake is stretched as a giant floating worm and Finn is only a head, with his sword in his mouth.
Jake says: "So, hey, Finn, how do you plan on taking this guy out?"
Jake says: "Okay, I guess it's worth trying."
A "One Second Later" transition is shown, which lasts exactly 20 seconds. After that, Finn and Jake get close to the glitch. Jake launches Finn with his tail, and Finn's sword cuts make a teeth-like formation that eats his sword. Jake goes back to normal, showing that he's also only a head now. The screen is shown to be glitchy, with lots of lag effects.
Jake says: "Aah!"
Jake says: "What we do now?"
Finn says: "We gotta get those things..."
Finn says: "outta his stomach."
A glitchy image of the gross video of the girl is shown in the background.
Jake says: "Hey, Finn!"
Jake says: "Remember that gross video Ice King sent?"
Finn says: "Yeah!!"
Jake floats to Finn's hat and takes it away with his mouth, showing his enormous hair. Finn bites a bit of hair.
Jake says: "Let's double team these locks!"
Finn says: "We did it!"
Jake says: "We did it!"
Jake says: "You should wash your hair!"
Finn says: "You should wash your mouth!"
Ice King says: "Huh?"
Ice King says: "No way!"
Ice King says: "Impossible!"
Ice King says: "Uh..."
Jake says: "Everything back to normal, huh?"
Finn says: "Seems like it."
Finn says: "Hey, have you seen the princess anywhere?"
Donut Guy says: "Yes, she's in the Ice King's castle."
Donut Guy says: "AUGGH!"
Jake says: "Yeah, no big deal."
Jake says: "Geez..."
Princess Bubblegum's hand says: "I missed you!"
Jake's elbow says: "I missed you, too!"
Jake's elbow says: "Whoa, you taste different, baby!"
Jake's elbow says: "You been playin' basketball in someone else's hockey rink?"
Finn says: "Ahem..."
Finn says: "Hey, Bubs, where's the Ice King?"
Finn says: "I wanna kick his boingloings!"
Jake says: "Yeah."
Jake says: "Where is he?"
Jake says: "I wanna kick his boingloings, too!"
Ice King says: "Uh..."
Ice King says: "guys?"
Ice King says: "Hello?"
Ice King says: "Princess."
Ice King says: "Uh..."
Ice King says: "Let's forget all about this..."
Ice King says: "Ugh get off of me, you creep!"
Ice King says: "Ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow!"
Episode ends.