Finn and Jake are sitting atop a cliff made from a decrepit skyscraper overlooking a body of water.
Finn says: "Hey, Jake, do you think you should date someone just like you or someone who’s like your opposite?"
Jake says: "I don’t know."
Jake says: "I’m the "first come first serve" kinda guy."
Jake says: "Get in line, ladies!"
Jake says: "This Rainicorn thing can’t last forever!"
Jake says: "I didn’t mean that."
Jake says: "Don’t spread that around."
Finn says: "So it’s not good to weigh someone’s qualities against your own?"
Jake says: "Well, no."
Jake says: "I mean, if you feel something, you feel something!"
Finn says: "Alright, well, what about BMO and Ice King?"
Jake says: "What about them?"
Finn says: "Would they make a good couple?"
Jake says: "Whoa!"
Jake says: "Wait!"
Jake says: "Did BMO say something to you?"
Finn says: "No no!"
Jake says: "Oh, I see."
Jake says: "You’re being weird."
Magic man reaches down into his hole and pulls out a bag.
Finn says: "It’s not that weird!"
Finn says: "Come on!"
Magic Man says: "Do what thoust will be the whole piece of Law."
Jake says: "BMO and Ice King?"
Magic man puts the bag on the outside of Finn’s pants.
Finn says: "Yeah!"
Magic Man says: "I’m not coming back."
Jake says: "You’re creepin’ me out."
Finn says: "I’m just thinkin’ out loud."
Finn says: "What, can’t think out loud?"
Finn is walking back home with Jake.
Jake says: "Oh, is that what you’re doing?"
Finn says: "Yeah man!"
Finn says: "Pffft, jeez don’t be judgy."
Jake says: "I’m not!"
Finn says: "Yeah, you are!"
Jake says: "How could you know that?"
Finn says: "I can hear it in your tone."
Jake says: "You can?"
Finn says: "Yeah, wise-guy."
Jake says: "Hey, what’s that in your pants?"
Finn says: "Whoa, look."
Jake says: "Crazy."
Jake says: "Careful, dude."
Finn says: "What the--?"
Jake says: "What the heck?!"
Jake says: "!"
Jake says: "Are they alive?!"
Jake says: "!"
Finn says: "Hey, are you guys alive?"
Finn says: "I don’t know, man, I think they’re some kind of magic toy."
Jake says: "Maybe it’s black magic."
Jake says: "Maybe we shouldn’t mess with them."
Finn says: "No, man, look!"
Finn says: "That’s you!"
Finn says: "You’re totally shedding on the viola."
Jake says: "Yeah, that’s good."
Jake says: "How many more thingies are in there?"
Jake says: "I’ll make a special spagot  with a new sauce."
Finn is at the table while Jake is cooking the spaghetti. He dumps out some of the little people onto the table.
Finn says: "Sheesh."
Finn says: "So many."
Finn says: "PB, you hang out with Lady."
Finn says: "Tiffany, Donny."
Finn says: "Xergiok..."
Finn says: "a bunch o' these guys!"
Jake says: "That’s not very nice."
Finn says: "Don’t worry, man."
Finn says: "They’ll get involved eventually."
Jake says: "Involved with what?"
Finn says: "I don’t know."
Finn says: "Involved."
Finn says: "Check out Lady and Princess Bubblegum!"
Jake says: "What are they talkin’ about?"
Finn says: "It’s hard to say, but I think it’s got something to do with Lady being preggos."
Jake says: "Whoa!"
Jake says: "What kinda narrative are you trying to create here?!"
Jake says: "!"
Finn says: "That’s your narrative, buddy."
Jake says: "Alright, well, what else ya got goin’ on?"
Finn says: "Hmm."
Finn says: "Not much really."
Finn says: "I got Ice King over here."
Jake says: "Ice King?"
Jake says: "He’s not C-list?"
Jake says: "They’ve got good chemistry."
Jake says: "Who’d have guessed?"
Finn says: "Chemistry..."
Finn looks as though he just had a good idea. He looks at several groups of toy people. Ice King and Jake playing together. Marceline and Hunson Abadeer in the background with Finn stealing Lemongrab’s Lemon Camel in the foreground. Mr. Cupcake exercising. Flame Princess and Lumpy Space Princess playing cards.
Jake says: "Hey, Finn, eat the food before it gets cold."
Jake says: "I made a new sauce!"
Jake says: "Umm, earth to Finn, are you okay?"
Finn says: "Yeees."
Later on, Finn is now awake, but in bed with Jake fast asleep. Finn looks over at Jake to make sure he’s asleep. Confident that he’s asleep, he grabs the bag from under his pillow and retreats into his sleeping bag. He takes the lens off a flashlight and puts it in front of him. Then he takes Mr. Cupcake and Lumpy Space Princess out. Mr. Cupcake starts flexing and Lumpy Space Princess is impressed. Finn chuckles. Lumpy Space Princess looks enamored and begins working her lumps. Mr. Cupcake and Lumpy Space Princess start kissing.
Finn says: "Whoooooa."
Finn looks curious and takes away Lumpy Space Princess. Mr. Cupcake looks surprised. Finn looks and the bag and then mixes it. Finn grabs Lady and then checks to make sure Jake is still asleep. He then puts Lady next to Mr. Cupcake. Mr. Cupcake starts flexing, but Lady ignores him and grazes a piece of Finn’s sleeping bag. When he sees nothing is happening, he pushes Lady into Mr. Cupcakes arms. Mr. Cupcake wiggles his eyebrows and Lady laughs.
Finn then grabs Jake and contemplates what he’s about to do. He looks a bit concerned. Lady and Mr. Cupcake are kissing and Finn puts Jake right in front of them. Jake doesn’t notice, but Finn moves his head around to see them. Then Jake starts yelling “wah”. Mr. Cupcake drops Lady and she acts with indignation towards Jake. Jake argues back and then Mr. Cupcake starts yelling at Jake. Jake pushes him and Lady pleads that they not fight. Finn looks towards the bag and then looks back with realization. He empties out the bag. The scene ends.
Jake says: "You’re up early."
Finn says: "I didn’t sleep."
Finn says: "I’m not reading."
Finn says: "I’m playing with the little wees."
Jake says: "Oh, let me see little me."
Jake says: "Me look so lonely."
Jake says: "Hey, Finn, pass me little Lady."
Finn says: "Uh, you guys broke up."
Jake says: "Wha?"
Finn says: "She’s with someone else now."
Jake says: "Who?!"
Jake says: "!"
Finn says: "He’s a cool guy, don’t worry about it."
Jake says: "What the ball, man?!"
Jake says: "!"
Finn says: "What?"
Jake says: "What?"
Jake says: "What do ya think “what”?!"
Jake says: "!"
Finn says: "Come on, they’re not real, they’re like toys."
Finn says: "These guys here, they’re goin’ out."
Finn says: "Weird."
Finn says: "But cool."
Finn says: "Right, Jake?"
Finn says: "Okay."
Finn says: "Whatever whatevs."
Finn says: "Huh?"
Finn puts both of them near each other, but nothing happens. Finn breaks off part of a cookie and puts in on little Finn’s head. He grabs it and Flame Princess yawns. Finn uses a pencil to move little Finn’s legs to walk towards Flame Princess. Flame Princess is pleasantly surprised to see little Finn and giggles. Little Finn breaks part of the cookie crumb off and gives it to Flame Princess. They then start to eat each end of what’s left. Lady comes out of her teepee to see little Finn and Flame Princess and starts crying hysterically and runs back to the book house.
Finn then drops Princess Bubblegum in between Flame Princess and little Finn. At first they awkwardly stand around, but Finn moves Princess Bubblegum’s hand onto little Finn’s shoulder. She begins massaging his shoulders and he likes it. Real Finn looks around nervously to make sure no one can see what he’s doing. Then they kiss and Flame Princess is outraged. She begins yelling at Princess Bubblegum and Princess Bubblegum yells back. Little Finn tries to diffuse the situation, but Flame Princess leaps onto Princess Bubblegum. Princess Bubblegum’s dress catches on fire so she runs away into Lady’s teepee. Using Lady as a kind of hose, the water being her tears, Princess Bubblegum partially extinguishes Flame Princess. They begin fighting and real Finn is astonished and begins blushing.
A card that reads "16 WEEKS LATER" comes up.
Jake says: "I’m back!"
Jake says: "I got over all that messed up stuff you did."
Jake says: "Yeesh."
Jake says: "You okay, man?"
Finn says: "I don’t know."
Little Finn is standing on top of a book staring into the distance.
Jake says: "What’s little Finn doing?"
Finn says: "He’s..."
Finn says: "thinking."
Jake says: "He looks sad."
Jake says: "What’s he thinking about?"
Finn says: "I don’t know."
Finn says: "Probably lots of stuff."
Jake says: "Where’s little Rainicorn?"
Finn says: "Probably still crying."
Jake says: "Wha?"
Finn says: "She’s not handling the break-up very well."
Jake says: "Aww."
Finn says: "PB's good, though."
Finn says: "After little Finn dumped her, she started working out."
Finn says: "Looks like she’s really into it."
Jake says: "This is messed up, dude."
Jake says: "You’ve crossed the line from weird curiosity to some dark messed up stuff."
Finn says: "I know!"
Finn says: "No, man!"
Finn says: "I gotta fix this mess!"
Finn says: "Look at me, man!"
Finn says: "I’m staring into the shadow of my darkest mind hole!"
Finn says: "I gotta help him!"
Jake says: "You can’t!"
Jake says: "Just let them do their own biz, man!"
Finn says: "I junked them up too hard though!"
Finn says: "I gotta step in!"
Jake says: "How would ya do that?"
Finn says: "I’m gonna talk to him."
Jake says: "But he can’t hear you."
Finn says: "Yeah, why is that?"
Jake says: "Hmm."
Jake says: "Maybe we’re on different dimensional planes and the border between our planes is like a two way mirror."
Jake says: "So we can see him, but he can’t see us."
Finn says: "We’re connected!"
Finn says: "FINN!"
Little Finn is shown standing as the same cliff shown in the beginning of the episode and talks as though he’s depressed.
Jake says: "Try shakin’ him."
Finn says: "Why?"
Jake says: "Maybe we’re vibrating on different intervals."
Jake says: "Try shakin’ him at different speeds and see if he responds."
Finn says: "Okay."
Finn says: "Fiiiiiiinn!"
Finn says: "Fiiiiiiiiiinn!"
Jake says: "Now go faster!"
Finn says: "FIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINN!"
In the Little People's world, some clouds begin to form a crude Finn head.
Jake says: "Faster!"
Jake says: "Go slower, he saw you!"
Finn says: "Okay."
Finn says: "Fiiiinn."
Finn says: "Can you hear me?"
Little Finn says: "Wah wah wah."
Jake says: "Whoa!"
Jake says: "Neat!"
Finn says: "I made you do those crummy things."
Finn says: "I’m why yous guys is fighting."
Finn says: "I’m the big you."
Finn says: "I came to apologize."
Finn says: "I will never interfere with your lives again."
Finn says: "Never mind."
Finn says: "It’ll be fine."
Finn says: "Goodbye, little Finn!"
Finn says: "I’m not coming back!"
Jake says: "Now what?"
Jake says: "Is that gonna do it?"
Episode ends.