The episode opens in the Tree House. Finn is eating cereal and Jake is sipping coffee.
Finn says: "Huh?"
Jake says: "I was just sipping my coffee."
Finn says: "Oh."
Both of them notice the pattern and begin repeating it rhythmically. On the third repeat, Finn only munches his cereal once, tricking Jake into sipping early and breaking the pattern. They both laugh. BMO joins them.
BMO says: "I am also excited about today."
Jake says: "Oh, yeah?"
BMO says: "Today is the first day of my new job."
Finn says: "What's your new job, BMO?"
Jake says: "Yeah, are you a spy?"
Jake says: "You know, 'cause of the overcoat?"
BMO says: "I'm a door-to-door salesman."
Finn says: "Oh."
Jake says: "Oh."
Jake says: "What are you selling?"
BMO says: "I've got so many great things."
BMO says: "Like for the man about town, this piece of lint."
Jake says: "I'll take it!"
BMO says: "Hooray, my first sale!"
BMO says: "That'll be four doubloons."
Jake says: "Can I pay you later?"
BMO says: "Mm, the customer is always right!"
Jake says: "Good attitude, BMO."
BMO says: "Well, gentlemen..."
BMO says: "got to chop that wood."
BMO stands up clumsily, revealing that someone else is inside the overcoat and BMO is sitting on their head, pretending they are his own body. "BMO" almost knocks a glass off the table, but Finn catches it. He notices Ice King's robes and feet sticking out the bottom of the overcoat.
Finn says: "It's Ice King."
Jake says: "I know."
Ice King falls down the ladder, interrupting BMO. They both scream as they fall. There is a thud. Finn and Jake giggle at their shenanigans.
Finn says: "Aww."
Jake says: "Aww."
BMO and Ice King leave the Tree House.
Ice King says: "Boy, this is great, huh?"
Ice King says: "You and me out in the fresh air?"
Ice King says: "Now, the key to being a tip-top salesman is to get the ol' foot in the door."
BMO says: "Bodies don't talk, Ice King."
Ice King says: "Well, mine does."
BMO says: "Okay, then."
BMO says: "If I say "My feet hurt," you can go "Woof woof."
BMO says: "" That's my dogs barking."
Ice King says: "BMO, I think we're gonna make an unbeatable team."
BMO says: "Yeah, yeah!"
BMO says: "Let's go!"
BMO says: "Let's go!"
BMO says: "Let's go!"
BMO says: "Let's go!"
A sword logo flies onto screen reading "Potential customer time!" The scene changes to Tree Trunks' house.
Tree Trunks says: ""Chapter 3: No Time For Sleeping."
Tree Trunks says: "Elizabeth's heart was racing like a water mill after spring thaw."
Tree Trunks says: "She knew her enemies were coming for her, but when?"
Tree Trunks says: "Suddenly, there was a knock at the door."
Suddenly, there is a knock at the door.
Tree Trunks says: "Oh!"
Tree Trunks says: "Oh."
Tree Trunks says: "Oh, my goodness."
Tree Trunks says: "Someone's at the door."
Tree Trunks says: "That's all."
Tree Trunks says: "Hello."
BMO says: "Tree Trunks, how are your children?"
BMO says: "Can you believe this weather?"
Tree Trunks says: "So polite."
Tree Trunks says: "Please, please come in."
BMO says: "You have a lovely home."
Tree Trunks says: "Here, have some apple pie."
BMO says: "Oh, thank you."
Ice King snatches the apple pie and takes it inside the overcoat.
Tree Trunks says: "Now what can I do for you?"
BMO says: "Oh, well, I'd like to show you what I'm selling today."
He grunts and kicks Ice King, who is busy eating the pie inside the coat. Ice King puts his arms back into the sleeves and rummages through his and BMO's bag.
BMO says: "Okay, we have a broken branch, a half-eaten sandwich - oh, another ball of lint."
Tree Trunks says: "Another?"
BMO says: "These are selling like red hots."
BMO says: "A dust bunny - That's like a cage-free ball of lint."
BMO says: "A doll's head, and a little velvet bag, tied tight at the top."
While BMO is presenting the items, Ice King struggles to eat more of the apple pie with his tongue.
Tree Trunks says: "I'll take the branch."
Tree Trunks says: "My loose cash is up there in the flower jar."
Tree Trunks says: "Help yourself."
Ice King makes his way to the shelf with the jar, stubbing his toe and smashing several plates on the way. He reaches into the jar and pulls out a huge roll of banknotes.
Mr. Pig says: "What'd you buy, honey bunch?"
Tree Trunks says: "A branch."
Mr. Pig says: "Huh."
Mr. Pig says: "Huh?"
Mr. Pig says: "Oh."
Mr. Pig says: "Ah, Tree Trunks, you're a financial genius."
BMO says: "I can't believe we unloaded that branch."
BMO says: "It wasn't even our best one."
BMO says: "Oh, my."
BMO says: "Shield my eyes from the sun."
Ice King says: "Why?"
BMO says: "Because I think I see our next customer."
BMO says: "Those nuts could be ours."
BMO says: "Excuse me, little boy!"
The chipmunk begins running, and Ice King begins chasing.
BMO says: "How are your children?!"
BMO says: "!"
BMO says: "Ice King, duck."
BMO says: "Jump."
BMO says: "Right."
BMO says: "Right again."
BMO says: "Left."
BMO says: "Jump, jump."
BMO says: "Left."
BMO says: "Right."
BMO says: "Left."
BMO says: "Ice King, you're doing so good."
BMO says: "You have not bumped into anything."
They come to a stop.
Ice King says: "BMO, where's the customer?"
BMO says: "Oh, no."
BMO says: "I was so excited about you not bumping into anything, I lost the customer."
BMO says: "Ice King, I think we are lost."
An animal howls. The scene fades to later. BMO and Ice King have arrived at a ziggurat.
BMO says: "Look."
BMO says: "A house."
Ice King says: "All I see is the inside of this coat."
They approach a door.
BMO says: "And..."
BMO says: "stop."
BMO says: "Knock politely."
Ice King knocks, and footsteps are heard inside. A mysterious figure answers the door and beckons them inside.
BMO says: "Mysterious sentinel, you have a lovely home."
Ice King wanders further into the zigurrat, where he finds Uncle Gumbald mixing liquids in a pair of test tubes.
BMO says: "Hello."
One of the tubes produces a skull-shaped puff of smoke which floats towards BMO and Ice King. Gumbald retrieves an axe from beneath his desk.
BMO says: "I'm a door-to-door salesman, ma'am."
The smoke enters the coat and Ice King is heard choking.
Ice King says: "Ouch."
BMO says: "I have some wonderful new products, like, uh, this ball of lint."
BMO says: "No, wait, this is the dust bunny."
BMO says: "Uh..."
BMO says: "Oh, oh!"
BMO says: "I know - this velvet bag."
Gumbald raises the axe menacingly.
BMO says: "Did I mention that it contains Finn's teeth?"
Gumbald drops the axe to the ground and suddenly adopts a polite manner.
Gumbald says: "Please, let's go in the parlor, where we can be more comfortable."
The scene changes. BMO, Ice King, and Gumbald are sat in the parlor while Gumbald examines the teeth.
Gumbald says: "And you're sure these are Finn's teeth?"
BMO says: "Yes."
Gumbald says: "The same Finn who serves Princess Bubblegum, obstructs my plans, and plagues my thoughts?"
BMO says: "Yes."
Gumbald says: "Finn the Human's teeth?"
BMO says: "That's a BMO guarantee."
Ice King says: "Psst!"
Ice King says: "Does Finn know you have his teeth?"
BMO says: "Hey!"
BMO says: "I'm trying to close a sale here."
Gumbald says: "I hope you accept silver."
Gumbald says: "I can pay you immediately."
Gumbald says: "Yes, my pretties."
The scene changes back to the Tree House. It is night.
Jake says: "Poor little guy."
Jake says: "Still wearing out the shoe leather trying to make just one more lousy sale before coming home."
Finn says: "He'll feel better after we have a little party for him."
Finn and Jake have prepared an "employee of the month" poster for BMO, and set out some cupcakes on the table.
Jake says: "Still, it's tough seeing your kid get his heart set on doing something he really sucks at."
The door is heard. BMO and Ice King enter.
BMO says: "Hello, boys."
BMO says: "Meet the salesman of the year."
BMO says: "Or maybe of the decade."
BMO says: "The Chinese food is on me."
BMO says: "I mean, check out the loot."
Finn says: "It's real."
Jake says: "What the heck did you sell to get this silver goblet?"
BMO says: "Just a line of smooth talk and pipe dreams."
BMO says: "Oh, and a set of human baby teeth."
Finn says: "Where did you even get a set of human baby teeth?"
Finn says: "BMO!"
BMO says: "Branches and lint are moving like cray, Jake."
Finn shows BMO the empty box accusatively.
BMO says: "Oh, sure, I sold your baby teeth."
BMO says: "I could sell any part of you."
Finn says: "These were, like, the only things I had left from when I was a little kid."
Jake says: "Hey, you know what?"
Jake says: "We'll just go buy back those little pearly whites."
Jake says: "I'm sure whoever bought them is like, "Why did I buy these things?"
Jake says: "" What possible use could some guy have for a set of human baby teeth?"
Jake says: "Unless he's an evil sorcerer or a mad scientist..."
Jake says: "He wasn't a mad scientist, was he?"
BMO says: "Well..."
There is a pounding on the door. A load of Baby Teeth Finns break down the door and enter the Tree Fort.
A baby starts gnawing on Finn's arm. He punts it with his fist and it shatters a window as it flies through.
Finn says: "They're made out of some kind of hard tooth-like material."
Finn says: "Ouch."
Finn says: "Ouch!"
Finn says: "Ice King, freeze these nightmare babies."
Ice King says: "I'm not allowed to wear my crown."
Ice King says: "It's against BMO's dress code."
Jake says: "Just don't let them climb into your mouth!"
A baby tries to enter Finn's mouth.
Jake says: "Hey, there, bitey boys."
Jake says: "Get off of there."
Jake says: "Where's your baby manners?"
Jake says: "Eek."
BMO says: "Hmm."
BMO says: "Maybe I sold too well."
Ice King says: "Hey, you're a great salesman."
Ice King says: "Evil babies are not a problem for you."
Ice King says: "They're an opportunity."
BMO says: "Yeah."
BMO says: "Where did I put those - Oh, here they are."
BMO says: "Gentlemen, could I interest you in a couple of sledgehammers?"
BMO says: "Perfect for smashing through minerals or composites."
Finn says: "I'll take one."
Jake says: "Me too!"
BMO says: "Great decision."
Ice King hands the hammers to Finn and Jake. Finn taps one of the babies and it disintegrates with a poof. He smashes a few more babies.
BMO says: "A little tap is all it takes."
Jake says: "These baby-smashing hammers are great."
They continue smashing all the babies. Gumbald is seen outside, watching through a telescope. After all the babies are smashed, Finn, Jake, and BMO begin sweeping up the mess.
BMO says: "I'm sorry I caused such a mess."
BMO says: "It's very bad for business."
Ice King says: "Well, time to call it a day."
Ice King says: "The ice man leaveth."
BMO says: "Hey, wait."
BMO says: "See you tomorrow, partner."
Ice King says: "Until tomorrow."
Finn says: "Yeah, you're not doing this tomorrow."
Ice King exits, whistling. Gumbald watches through his telescope.
Gumbald says: "Hmm."
Gumbald says: "In retrospect, the attack would have worked much better were they not baby teeth."
Episode ends.