Cinnamon Bun, in a tuxedo, walks while carrying a tray of apple cider to Princess Bubblegum.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Cinnamon Bun, what the heck are you doing out in the woods?!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I asked you twenty minutes ago to take these drinks around for us."
Cinnamon Bun says: "Oh, oh, "around for us."
Cinnamon Bun says: "" I thought you said "walk to the zoo and back"!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Gob."
Cinnamon Bun walks away and Princess Bubblegum sighs and follows him to Finn.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn, Cinnamon Bun's gonna attend your juice bar now."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I have a special job for you."
Finn walks out.
Princess Bubblegum says: "As Ooo's greatest champion, I'm relying on you to keep Lumpy Space Princess from crashing this wedding."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I went ahead and deputized you."
Princess Bubblegum says: "So, you know, no holds barred, got it?"
Finn says: "Yeah."
Finn says: "Oh, what about Jake?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Well, honestly I haven't seen Jake this happy in a while."
Jake is being tickled by 5 baby pigs.
Princess Bubblegum says: "I kinda don't want squash his groove."
Princess Bubblegum opens a door.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Knock, knock."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hey, Tree Trunks."
Tree Trunks says: "Oh, hey, Princess."
Tree Trunks says: "Wow, you look prettier than a sippy cup in a snowbank."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Thanks, Tree Trunks."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Now listen, I don't want you to worry about a thing."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I've got Finn on LSP Deputy, and we're keeping your ex-husbands, Randy, Danny and Wyatt, a hundred feet apart at all times - at least until it's time for me to perform the ceremony."
Tree Trunks says: "Oh, well, uh, Princess, I appreciate your generosity going to all this trouble to hijack my wedding and all, but you can't perform the ceremony."
Princess Bubblegum says: "What?!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Why not?"
Tree Trunks says: "Uh, well, I'm sorry, but I just don't recognize your quote unquote "authority" on such matters."
Tree Trunks says: "I can only be married by His Holiness, the One True King of Ooo."
Princess Bubblegum says: "WHAT?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "That fraud?!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "!"
Tree Trunks says: "Now I know..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "That fraud is here?!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "!"
Tree Trunks says: "Why, yes, but..."
Princess Bubblegum leaves and slams the door.
Tree Trunks says: "Oh, dear."
Tree Trunks says: "Mama, I'm afraid I've offended the Princess."
Tree Trunks' mother says: "Oh, nonsense, baby."
Tree Trunks' mother says: "She's probably jealous 'cause you're about to marry a handsome, fine, saucy man."
Tree Trunks' mother says: "Oh, but he is a saucy, fine bologna factory."
Tree Trunks' mother says: "Mmmhmm, tell you what: I'd like to open up that hood, see how the bologna gets made!"
Tree Trunks says: "Mama, please!"
Tree Trunks says: "Please don't call him a saucy fine bologna factory!"
Tree Trunks' mother says: "Bologna factory, bologna factory, bologna factory!"
Tree Trunks says: "Oh, my perfect day."
Tree Trunks says: "What else could go wrong?"
Meanwhile, His Holiness, the King of Ooo, is outside with Mr. Pig's relatives.
King of Ooo says: "Please, go on."
King of Ooo says: "Describe the next thought form."
Mr. Pig's relative says: "Um..."
Mr. Pig's relative says: "I see, like, reddish-green blotches."
King of Ooo says: "Ah..."
King of Ooo says: "Ahaha!"
King of Ooo says: "One year good luck."
Mr. Pig's relatives are all amused. Meanwhile, Princess Bubblegum is hiding by a bush and is spying on the King of Ooo.
Princess Bubblegum says: "I've waited a long time for this King of Ooo, and now I'm gonna expose you in front of everyone for what you really are!"
BMO laughs while spinning on the chair.
BMO says: "Yay!"
Wyatt says: "Hey, uh, barkeep, can I have another one of these ciders?"
Cinnamon Bun says: "Sure!"
Wyatt says: "Hey, little robot."
Wyatt says: "How ya doing?"
BMO says: "I am the best!"
BMO says: "I love weddings, I love flowers!"
BMO says: "I love LOVE!"
Wyatt says: "Hey, did you know I used to be married to Tree Trunks?"
BMO says: "No!"
Wyatt says: "Heh, yeah..."
Wyatt says: "it's just me and TT."
Wyatt says: "We had some wild times back in the day."
Wyatt says: "Did you know I once taught her to play tennis?"
BMO says: "No..."
Wyatt says: "Yep, tennis!"
Wyatt says: "I took her to one of those..."
Wyatt says: "uh..."
Wyatt says: "paddles..."
Wyatt says: "or whatever, you know!"
BMO says: "No."
Wyatt says: "Yeah, she left me."
Wyatt says: "She said I was stifling her spirit..."
Wyatt says: "I mean hehe..."
Wyatt says: "You know, what?"
Wyatt says: "Not enough tennis for ya?"
BMO says: "No."
Mr Pig's relative runs and pushes another guest down.
Mr. Pig's relative says: "It's starting!"
Mr. Pig's relative says: "The ceremony is starting!"
The scene moves to the wedding ceremony.
King of Ooo signals Jake to start playing music. Jake prepares to play his viola and his toe presses the play button of the radio. He plays the viola and the pig throws flower petals from her basket. All the guests turn to Tree Trunks, who is holding a bouquet of flowers. Mr. Pig sheds a tear.
Wyatt says: "No!"
Wyatt says: "Uh, please stay here!"
Wyatt says: "This is cathartic."
Wyatt says: "You're a good listener."
Tree Trunks walk to Mr. Pig.
Mr Pig says: "Psst, Sweetie, you look so nice."
Tree Trunks says: "Shh..."
Finn is watching from afar.
Finn says: "Sounds really sweet."
Finn hears some rustling from the bushes and gets up.
Finn says: "Lumpy Space Princess?"
Finn says: "Is that you?"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Let me go to this party..."
A crow flies out, frightening Finn.
Finn says: "It's not your party, LSP."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Poor Finn."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Don't you know?"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Every party is my party."
Finn grunts and walks towards Lumpy Space Princess. Meanwhile, Jake is "playing" the viola, with the 5 baby pigs sleeping around his feet. The scene then moves on to Princess Bubblegum climbing a ladder to the King's blimp.
Princess Bubblegum says: "I'm just gonna look in this guy's blimp."
Princess Bubblegum says: "with the laws."
Mr. Pig says: "Psst..."
Mr. Pig says: "sweetie, what are ya doing?"
Tree Trunks is walking back, and far away are Finn and Lumpy Space Princess continuing their scuffle. Finn tries to block Lumpy Space Princess's way.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Get out of my way, Finn."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Oh my glob, you're touching my woman body!"
Tree Trunks walks to the stage.
King of Ooo says: "Okay, dear, now up you come."
King of Ooo says: "There you go!"
Mr Pig and Tree Trunks kiss for a while but King of Ooo push them back.
King of Ooo says: "Whoa, whoa, kids!"
King of Ooo says: "Gotta finish the ceremony first."
King of Ooo says: "Keep the baby in the basket!"
Lumpy Space Princess tries to get to the ceremony as Finn is pulling her by the dress.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Everyone at the party get ready!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "'Cause here comes the hot bunch of grapes!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Ahhhh..."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "oh my gaaaah..."
King of Ooo says: "We've gathered here on this beautiful day, under my life-giving sun, to celebrate the enjoinment of Mr."
King of Ooo says: "Pig and Tree Trunks, the little elephant."
King of Ooo says: "These two weird animals..."
BMO is still watching from afar.
BMO says: "I bet some cute weddings are happening over there."
Cinnamon Bun still struggles to take the cork out.
Wyatt says: "BMO, you're so nice."
BMO says: "Those flowers look really cold."
Wyatt says: "I've had a hard life."
Wyatt says: "People seem cute."
Wyatt says: "They seem nice."
Wyatt says: "And then when you can't stop crying because they beat you in tennis that one time, they call you a baby."
BMO says: "Yeah, cute nice babies."
Wyatt says: "BMO?"
BMO says: "Mm-hmm?"
Wyatt says: "BMO, would you move in with me?"
BMO gasps loudly as its eyes widen and runs into the forest.
King of Ooo says: "Do you, Mr Pig, take Tree Trunks to be your ever-wedded wife, forever following the teachings of me the true King of Ooo?"
Cinnamon Bun is seen shaking the bottle of cider.
Mr. Pig says: "I do."
Princess Bubblegum grumbles, steers the blimp and pulls down a lever while stepping on the pedal.
King of Ooo says: "Do you, Tree Trunks, do you promise to love Mr."
King of Ooo says: "Pig forever, and spend the next 5 years with me and my serenity compound, performing simple household repairs,  to have and to hold the in sickness and in health, in my gated mountain compound?"
Tree Trunks says: "I..."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Everybody get ready..."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "to pay attention to me..."
Tree Trunks says: "I..."
Cinnamon Bun is still shaking the bottle of cider faster.
Tree Trunks says: "do..."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Everybody, hey!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I'm here!"
Princess Bubblegum gets off the blimp before it literally crashes the ceremony. Mr. Pig's mother is seen crying profusely and shaking her head. Cinnamon Bun shakes the bottle of cider and the cork is finally out.
Cinnamon Bun says: "Ah..."
King of Ooo says: "My zep!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Everybody!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "This wedding is a farce!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "A criminal farce!"
King of Ooo says: "Hey, just what are you egging at here?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I'll tell you what I'm egging at!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I'm egging at this outdated wedding officiant license!"
King of Ooo says: "Oh, is that what this is about?"
King of Ooo says: "You must've found that in my back records!"
King of Ooo says: "I have the up-to-date paperwork right here!"
Tree Trunks says: "Oh!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "What?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Uh..."
King of Ooo says: "Hey, wait, how did you get that?"
King of Ooo says: "I could've swore it was locked in my zep."
Princess Bubblegum says: "No..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "shhh..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "no..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "nope nope, stop talking, go to jail!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yeah!"
Tree Trunks says: "Princess Bubblegum, you have gone too far."
Tree Trunks says: "We stand together against your tyranny."
Finn walks while grabbing a knocked out Lumpy Space Princess.
Finn says: "Hey, everybody."
Tree Trunks says: "Your prison may hold one of us, but it may not hold all of us."
All the guests are imprisoned. You and your big mouth, Tree Trunks.
Tree Trunks says: "Oh, poor Tree Trunks."
Tree Trunks says: "Wait, where's my mama?"
Tree Trunks says: "Has anyone seen my..."
Tree Trunks says: "oh!"
Tree Trunk's mother and Wyatt are seen kissing.
Tree Trunks says: "No, Mama."
Tree Trunks says: "Well I guess this is it, sweetie."
Tree Trunks says: "Oh, oh no, the elephant graveyard is calling me now."
Tree Trunks says: "Okay, hold your horses, I'm coming!"
Mr Pig says: "Wait, Tree Trunks."
Mr Pig says: "Look around: everyone we care about is all here together."
Mr Pig says: "Finn, Uncle Donald, Banana Guard Number 1, Jake, Jake Junior, everybody."
Mr Pig says: "We can have the ceremony right here."
Tree Trunks says: "Hey yeah!"
Tree Trunks says: "King of Ooo, will you do the honors?"
King of Ooo is seen biting the candy bars.
King of Ooo says: "Are you crazy?"
King of Ooo says: "That loopy bird is gonna string me up sideways."
King of Ooo says: "You can perform your own dang ceremony."
King of Ooo says: "Kingofooo."
King of Ooo says: "com!"
Tree Trunks says: "Oh, dear."
Mr Pig says: "Oh, my gosh."
Mr Pig says: "Tree Trunks, did you hear?"
Tree Trunks says: "Huh?"
Mr Pig says: "The King said you can perform your own dang ceremony!"
Tree Trunks says: "Yeah, that really stunk."
Mr Pig says: "But..."
Tree Trunks says: "But..."
Tree Trunks says: "the King's word is law."
Tree Trunks says: "I can perform my own dang ceremony?"
Jake says: "Are you up to it, TT?"
Tree Trunks says: "I'll try."
Tree Trunks says: "I guess it's time."
Tree Trunks says: "A-are you ready?"
Mr Pig nods.
Tree Trunks says: "Oh."
Tree Trunks says: "Okay, um..."
Tree Trunks says: "do you Mr Pig take me, Tree Trunks, to be your beautiful wedded wife?"
Mr Pig says: "I do."
Tree Trunks says: "And do I, Mr Pig, take him to be your lawful wedded husband, Tree Trunks?"
Mr Pig says: "I do."
Tree Trunks says: "Then you..."
Tree Trunks says: "you may kiss the bride!"
They kiss and Princess Bubblegum cry while watching them at the security camera.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Aww, geez, let them all go, Banana Guard Number 3."
Banana Guard Number 3 says: "Uh..."
Banana Guard Number 3 says: "what?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I just can't stay mad at something so cute."
Banana Guard says: "Did she just say let everyone go?"
Banana Guard Number 3 shrugs and the Banana Guard presses a button and the prison cell doors open and everyone including other criminals run out except for Tree Trunks and Mr. Pig.
Tree Trunks says: "Looks like we got the whole place to ourselves..."
Tree Trunks says: "if you know what I'm saying."
Princess Bubblegum cries while sipping her drink and watching them.
Mr Pig says: "Wait, d-don't you think there might be cameras down here?"
Tree Trunks says: "I hope so..."
Princess Bubblegum grimaces with an upraised eyebrow.
The episode ends.