The episode opens to Bella Noche opening his eyes in a secret chamber.
Bella Noche says: "Have you obtained the staff of Stranson Doughblow?"
Forest Wizard says: "Yes, Bella Noche."
Forest Wizard says: "We procured the staff using the full extent of our wizardy ways."
Bella Noche says: "Then the time has come to reveal my true form, and when I materialize on this..."
Ice King spies on them and Bella Noche from behind the stairway.
Ice King says: "Oh, this striz is going down, man."
Bella Noche says: "..."
Bella Noche says: "you will receive your end of the deal."
Laser Wizard says: "The lost system of Antediluvian magick—"
Laser Wizard says: "the tightest of all wiz biz."
Forest Wizard says: "So right and tight, I get restless leg syndrome about it."
Forest Wizard says: "Look."
Bella Noche says: "And now, it will be yours."
Ice King says: "And mine!"
Bufo, Laser Wizard and Forest Wizard surprisly looks at Ice King.
Forest Wizard says: "What the blood?!"
Forest Wizard says: "!"
Forest Wizard says: "Ice King!"
Ice King says: "Listen, dudes, all I want is to be in the club and plus up my magic."
Ice King says: "What's the problem?"
Laser Wizard says: "Your life is my problem."
Bella Noche says: "Too late, fools!"
Bella Noche says: "Bella Noche emerges!"
Bella Noche grabs the staff and places it on the circle with his magic.
Forest Wizard says: "Whoa!"
Forest Wizard says: "What the—"
Forest Wizard says: "?"
The Grand Master Wizard explodes the doorway with his magic, with the Wizard Police behind him.
Grand Master Wizard says: "Stop that now, trash cones!"
Grand Master Wizard says: "Bella Noche must not cross into our world!"
Ice King says: "Eh, why not, again?"
Bella Noche combines the sword, the staff, the golden cup, and the crystal ball. It all powers up Bella Noche.
Grand Master Wizard says: "Duck!"
[The Grand Master Wizard says: "Simon Petrikov."
the wizard policemen take cover. An explosion of anti-magic bursts. The wizards scream says: "Simon Petrikov."
Ice King screams too. Ice King's crown gems turn white says: "Simon Petrikov."
shut down by Bella Noche's anti-magic. With the crown off his head says: "Simon Petrikov."
Ice King turns young - turns back to his previous life before the Mushroom War says: "Simon Petrikov."
[The Grand Master Wizard says: "The wizards were laying down, depowered."
the wizard policemen take cover. An explosion of anti-magic bursts. The wizards scream says: "The wizards were laying down, depowered."
Ice King screams too. Ice King's crown gems turn white says: "The wizards were laying down, depowered."
shut down by Bella Noche's anti-magic. With the crown off his head says: "The wizards were laying down, depowered."
Ice King turns young - turns back to his previous life before the Mushroom War says: "The wizards were laying down, depowered."
[The Grand Master Wizard says: "Bella Noche changed into a powerful form inside the black crystal of dark anti-magic."
the wizard policemen take cover. An explosion of anti-magic bursts. The wizards scream says: "Bella Noche changed into a powerful form inside the black crystal of dark anti-magic."
Ice King screams too. Ice King's crown gems turn white says: "Bella Noche changed into a powerful form inside the black crystal of dark anti-magic."
shut down by Bella Noche's anti-magic. With the crown off his head says: "Bella Noche changed into a powerful form inside the black crystal of dark anti-magic."
Ice King turns young - turns back to his previous life before the Mushroom War says: "Bella Noche changed into a powerful form inside the black crystal of dark anti-magic."
Grand Master Wizard says: "Aw, cram!"
Grand Master Wizard says: "Here we go!"
Forest Wizard says: "Uhhhh..."
Forest Wizard says: "hey."
Forest Wizard says: "Hey, I—"
Forest Wizard says: "I can't feel my magic!"
Laser Wizard says: "Me neither."
Laser Wizard says: "What gives?"
Grand Master Wizard says: "Bella Noche is a being of pure anti-magic!"
Grand Master Wizard says: "Y'alls got played!"
Simon says: "Uh, hello?"
Forest Wizard says: "Oh, what a fool am I!"
Forest Wizard says: "Aaaaaaaaaaah!"
Grand Master Wizard says: "Go!"
Grand Master Wizard says: "Destroy!"
Grand Master Wizard says: "Throw your boots at it, or—"
Grand Master Wizard says: "I don't know!"
Simon says: "Huh?"
The Wizard Police charge at Bella Noche and throw their boots at it.
Grand Master Wizard says: "Dang."
Grand Master Wizard says: "Sorry, Ice King."
Simon says: "Or maybe I'm just normal again."
Ash says: "Hey, stop looking at yourself."
Ash says: "You're ugly, bro."
Ash says: "Get lost."
Ash says: "This is my busking spot."
Simon says: "Whoops."
Simon says: "Marceline?"
Scene switches to Marceline's house.
Marceline says: "A-one, a-two, a-one, two, three, four."
Finn says: "Wait!"
Marceline says: "What?"
Finn says: "Why are you holding your bass up high like that?"
Marceline says: "Mm-mm-mmm."
Marceline says: "I get better finger action this way."
Finn says: "But you look like a nerd."
Finn says: "Move it back down."
Finn says: "It's better."
Jake says: "Move the bass down."
Finn says: "A-move the bass a-down."
Jake says: "Be reasonable."
Marceline's phone rings.
Marceline says: "Yes?"
Simon says: "Marcy, it's me, Simon."
Simon says: "I'm back, but my body might donk out soon, so get to the Ice Kingdom fast and help me with this time portal so I can find Betty and say I'm sorry before I croakboat!"
Simon says: "I know that's a lot to process, but hurry, and bring Hambo."
Simon says: "Hambo is the key."
Marceline is now on the floor.
Simon says: "Okay, Marcy?"
Simon says: "You got that?"
Simon says: "Marcy?"
Flashback begins, showing Simon and Marcy walking through post-apocalyptic Ooo.
Marceline says: "A long, long time ago, Simon was my only friend."
Marceline says: "He was there when I needed help."
Flashback ends.
Marceline says: "All he ever wanted was to find Betty, and now I can help him."
Scene changes to Finn and Marceline riding Jake towards the Ice King's castle. Marceline gets off and enters.
Marceline says: "Simon?"
Gunter says: "Wenk!"
Gunter says: "Wenk!"
Marceline says: "Simon!"
Simon says: "Marceline!"
They embrace.
Marceline says: "I thought I'd never see you again."
Simon says: "I can hardly believe it myself."
Simon says: "You're all grown up."
Jake says: "Believe!"
Jake says: "She's like a million years old!"
Simon says: "One million years?"
Simon says: "How could it be?!"
Simon says: "!"
Marceline says: "He's just kidding."
Marceline says: "I'm only a thousand."
Jake says: "And still looking good!"
Finn says: "Do you remember anything from when you were the Ice King?"
Simon says: "Nothing specific—"
Simon says: "just dreamlike impressions."
Finn says: "Do you still have impressions from all the times we flipped your bricks?"
Simon says: "I have..."
Simon says: "bruises."
Marceline says: "Man, Simon."
Simon says: "I'm fine."
Marceline says: "You're dying!"
Simon says: "Well, yes, but only in increments."
Simon says: "I've still got work to do."
Simon says: "Finn and Jake, will you run my generator?"
Finn says: "Yeah, man."
Finn and Jake climb onto the stationary bike and start pedaling.
Jake says: "Cool."
The time travel device starts glowing.
Simon says: "That's great!"
Simon says: "Keep pedaling!"
Simon says: "All we need now is the catalyst—"
Simon says: "an object from the past that has been lovingly tended to through the ages."
Simon says: "Because of you, I can say goodbye to Betty and tell her I'm sorry for driving her away."
Simon says: "Thank you, Marceline."
The portal opens, showing Betty running around a corner and hiding.
Simon says: "Where's my Betty?"
Simon says: "Where's my princess?!"
Simon says: "!"
Simon says: "Princess!"
Simon says: "Princess!!"
Betty says: "Simon, don't leave me like this."
Suddenly, the portal opens above her.
Simon says: "Betty?"
Simon says: "Betty."
Simon says: "Betty!"
Betty says: "Simon?"
Betty says: "What is going on?"
Simon says: "I'm a thousand years in the future, love."
Simon says: "I opened this portal so we could say goodbye."
Betty says: "You're dumping me?"
Simon says: "No!"
Simon says: "It's just that everything changed after I put on that crown."
Simon says: "I—"
Simon says: "I went crazy."
Simon says: "You ran away."
Simon says: "I—"
Simon says: "I never saw you again."
Betty says: "But where would I go without you?"
Simon says: "I'll never know."
Betty says: "I don't understand."
Betty says: "You don't seem crazy now."
Betty says: "I mean, in the future."
The portal opening starts shrinking.
Simon says: "The portal is closing."
Simon says: "There's no time to explain."
Simon says: "Just know that I love you, and I forgive you for leaving me."
Betty says: "Simon, I know who I'm leaving you for!"
Simon says: "Who?"
Simon collapses.
Betty says: "Simon?"
Betty says: "What's wrong?"
Betty says: "Are you sick?"
Simon says: "No, I'm old."
Simon says: "The crown was keeping me alive, but its magic was negated by the creature Bella Noche."
Betty says: "Don't die, Simon."
Betty says: "I just got here."
Simon says: "Oh, I'm sorry, Betty."
Betty says: "I know!"
Betty says: "I'll fix the crown, and then I'll figure out how to fix you!"
Simon says: "What?"
Simon says: "No."
Simon says: "Guys, stop her."
Jake says: "Uh..."
Marceline says: "Hmm..."
Finn says: "Yeah, but..."
Jake says: "It kind of sounds like a good idea."
Betty says: "Right, whoever you are."
Simon says: "No!"
Betty says: "Okay, rug, take me to Bella Noche."
Simon grabs on to the back and flies upward out of the castle with Betty.
Betty says: "Get on, Simon!"
Simon says: "I am getting on..."
Simon says: "the death bus."
Simon says: "It's my time, Betty!"
Simon says: "I don't want to be the Ice King again."
Simon says: "It's like living with eternal diaper butt."
Simon says: "I can't do it!"
Betty says: "Not forever."
Betty says: "Destroying Bella Noche and getting your power back will buy me time to find a loophole that'll undo your curse and your death."
Betty says: "I can do it!"
Betty says: "You got to believe me, Simon."
Simon says: "I..."
Death says: "Get real, man."
Death says: "You're gonna be the Ice King till the sun blows up."
Death says: "This is your one chance."
Death says: "I made a mix tape for the ride: "Summer Jams 3"!"
Simon says: "If I don't let her try, then what am I?"
Simon says: "What am us?"
Betty says: "What?"
Death says: "Eh, fair enough."
Death says: "See you in a few."
The scene changes back to Bella Noche, who was grown gigantic.
Grand Master Wizard says: "This brioche won't stop growing."
Grand Master Wizard says: "you?"
Ron James says: "Yo, my lab got creamed!"
Ron James says: "I had to dummy-rig an alchemical filter out of a dirty bidet and a vaporizer!"
Grand Master Wizard says: "But will the double-negative magic work?"
Ron James says: "Heck yeah!"
Ron James says: "Ron James always delivers!"
Ron James says: "Check it out, brotha!"
Ron James says: "Yaah!"
Ron James says: "In your face!"
Grand Master Wizard says: "Yeah!"
Ron James says: "Yeah!"
Bella Noche grows even larger.
Grand Master Wizard says: "What the stink is that?!"
Grand Master Wizard says: "!"
Ron James says: "My lab conditions were not ideal."
Grand Master Wizard says: "But you did not deliver!"
Ron James says: "Peace, man!"
Ron James says: "Aaah!"
Betty and Simon arrive.
Betty says: "We're here to help!"
Grand Master Wizard says: "Help how?"
Bella Noche shoots an electric bolt at Ron James and Grand Master Wizard, who both fall flat on their backs.
Grand Master Wizard says: "We're toast, bro."
Betty says: "Simon!"
Betty says: "Hey, don't scare me like that."
Simon says: "Just hold my hand to your face."
Simon says: "This will be my..."
Simon says: "last sensation."
Betty says: "Don't be a wimp, Simon!"
Betty says: "Just give me a second!"
Death says: "You got about 15 seconds."
Bella Noche shoots at Betty, propelling her onto the creature's exterior. Betty then climbs inside and reaches the core.
Bella Noche says: "How the—"
Bella Noche says: "?"
Bella Noche says: "Wait."
Betty says: "Surprise!"
Betty says: "Tranch."
Bella Noche explodes, sending out a shock wave of magic energy.
Death says: "You lose, Simon."
Death says: "Sorry, man."
Ice King says: "Uh, huh?"
The wizards cheer and use their powers in celebration.
Ice King says: "This a party?"
Ice King says: "Huh?"
Grand Master Wizard says: "Wizard City is saved!"
Ice King says: "Whoa!"
Ice King says: "Heh."
Ice King says: "Okay."
Ice King says: "Whoopee!"
Scene changes to the Ice King's castle.
Ice King says: "So then, Ron James told me this girl I was with flew into Bella Noche and mysteriously defeated it for me!"
Ice King says: "Wow!"
Muscle Princess struggles to free herself from a block of ice.
Ice King says: "Just my luck, right?"
Ice King says: "Black out for a day and meet the woman of your dreams."
Muscle Princess says: "I will get you!"
Ice King says: "Hey, don't be jealous, Muscle Princess."
Ice King says: "She's gone—"
Ice King says: "kablooey."
Ice King says: "Let's be realistic, right?"
Ice King says: "We both know you're not my top pick."
Muscle Princess breaks free.
Ice King says: "Oh, Grod!"
Ice King says: "No!"
Muscle Princess pommels him repeatedly.
Ice King says: "Aaah!"
Ice King says: "Go home!"
Ice King says: "You can go!"
Ice King says: "Aah!"
Gunter turns to see Betty outside, watching from her flying carpet. She lingers for a moment then flies away.
Episode ends.