The episode begins with Finn and Jake fighting a group of Slider Guys. Finn ineffectually swats at a couple with what is left of his Demon Blood Sword while Jake punches and kicks them away.
Finn says: "Thanks, bro!"
Jake says: "There for you, bro..."
Jake says: "but Finn, I'm gonna tell you something gently."
Finn says: "Okay."
Finn says: "What is it, bro?"
Jake says: "Get a new sword."
Finn says: "What you do mean?"
Jake says: "Bro, these guys could've hurt you."
Finn says: "It still works."
Finn says: "Hyut!"
Jake says: "Bro..."
Finn says: "I love this sword."
Jake says: "It'll be okay."
Jake says: "Let's go shopping!"
The scene switches to a marketplace, where several townspeople are selling their goods.
Suzy says: "Candles!"
Sue says: "Candles!"
Suzy says: "Candles!"
Sue says: "Candles!"
Suzy says: "Candles for all occasions!"
Sue says: "Candles for all occasions!"
Jake says: "Hey!"
Jake says: "There's Choose Goose!"
Jake says: "Finn?"
Jake says: "What's wrong?"
Finn says: "Mm, maybe we should try someone else."
Jake says: "What?"
Jake says: "But we have history with him—"
Jake says: "that's important in business."
Finn says: "Yeah, but we're lookin' for a sword."
Finn says: "Remember that armor he sold us?"
Jake says: "Ooh."
Jake says: "Yeah, okay."
The two walk on.
Jake says: "I asked around."
Jake says: "This is the place to get sa-words."
Finn says: "Oh."
Finn says: "Doesn't look like it's open."
The tipi opens, revealing an "OPEN" sign.
Finn says: "Open!"
Jake says: "Open!"
Voice says: "Close the curtains behind you, please."
Finn does so.
Voice says: "Walk towards the candle."
They approach the man at the counter, who is wearing sunglasses and a cloak.
Man says: "How can I help you?"
Finn says: "Need a sword."
Man says: "Hold on."
Man says: "Here you go: a grass sword."
Man says: "It's a bargain."
Finn says: "I don't know."
Finn says: "I've never used a grass sword before."
Finn says: "Maybe we should keep lookin'."
Man says: "Swords like this don't come around every day."
Finn says: "Don't come around every day, uh?"
Finn says: "I love it."
Jake says: "Well, that was easy."
Man says: "Remember, no take backs."
Finn practices with the sword as a townsperson pushes up a cart loaded with pillows.
Jake says: "Hey, the pillow vendor!"
The scene changes to Finn and Jake walking through the woods. Jake is carrying a pillow while Finn is practicing with his sword. Suddenly, a pizza flies out of the bushes.
Finn says: "Huh?"
Finn says: "Hyut!"
Jake says: "Huh?"
Jake says: "Pizza?!"
Jake says: "!"
Finn says: "Yeah!"
Finn says: "Came outta nowhere!"
Finn says: "It was gonna bonk you on the head."
Jake says: "You're getting good with that sword."
Jake says: "You were never able to do that with your other swords."
Finn says: "No more pizza bonks."
Finn says: "Hyut!"
Finn says: "Hey, we're near Tree Trunks' house."
Finn says: "Let's stop by and get some pie."
Jake says: "Pie!"
They approach Tree Trunks' house.
Finn says: "Hyut!"
Finn says: "Hyut!"
They walk inside.
Finn says: "Hyaaaah!"
Tree Trunks says: "Howdy, boys!"
Tree Trunks says: "Nice pillow and nice sword."
Tree Trunks says: "My hands are full, Finn."
Tree Trunks says: "Uh, you mind slicin' an apple for me?"
Finn says: "Hyut!"
Tree Trunks says: "Something is terribly wrong with that awful sword."
Jake says: "He's gettin' really good."
Jake says: "He saved me from pizza."
Tree Trunks says: "That apple slicing is too perfect..."
Tree Trunks says: "demonically perfect."
Tree Trunks says: "That sword is cursed!"
Jake says: "I like it when Tree Trunks gets all serious."
The scene changes to inside Finn and Jake's bedroom. Finn is practicing with his sword while wearing pajamas and Jake is making his bed.
Jake says: "Uh, how's that curse doin'?"
Jake says: "Makin' you want to moidle me?"
Finn says: "No, man."
Finn says: "This sword doesn't seem to have any curse on it, as far as I can tell."
Finn says: "Hyah!"
Jake says: "Well, okay."
Jake says: "Dang tag."
Finn says: "I got it!"
Jake says: "Hmm?"
Finn quickly slices at the tag with his sword. The tag falls apart as it is revealed that the sword cut it in the shape of Finn's face.
Finn says: "Whoa!"
Jake says: "Hey, quit showin' off, bro!"
Finn says: "Sorry, man."
Finn says: "I don't know what happened."
Finn says: "I-I..."
Finn says: "I'll go put this away."
Jake says: "Good idea."
Finn puts the sword in a chest. The scene switches to him in bed, moaning softly in his sleep. In his dream, the sword emerges from the grassy field, dissipates, and reforms in his hand. The sword wiggles, and grass starts spreading over Finn's body. Finn screams but is muffled by the grass. His whole body becomes like topiary, then blows away in the wind. Finn wakes up.
The sword extends grass from the hilt onto Finn's wrist, wrapping itself around his arm.
Finn says: "What the—"
Finn says: "?"
He runs outside and shrieks, swinging the sword around in an attempt to get it off. He runs into the forest and bites some of it off, but it grows back. He covers his left hand with his pajamas and manages to pull it off his right hand.
Finn says: "Jeez."
The sword extends its grassy hands toward him, trying to reattach itself. Finn drops it and kicks it toward a cliff.
Finn says: "Stupid..."
Finn says: "Worst three bucks I've ever spent."
The scene changes back to Finn in his bed. He suddenly wakes up.
Finn says: "Whew."
In the bathroom, he brushes his teeth and opens the cabinet for some floss. As he closes it, he sees the sword behind him in the mirror, still dripping wet.
Jake says: "What's goin' on?"
Finn says: "The sword is after my flesh!"
Jake says: "Huh?"
The sword wiggles its appendages.
Jake says: "Oh, snap!"
Finn says: "Don't let it get me, Jake!"
Jake says: "Don't worry."
Jake says: "I'll handle this."
Jake says: "There."
Finn says: "Let's go return that junk."
At the marketplace, the place where the grass tipi was is now a patch of dirt with a "FOR RENT" sign in the middle.
Jake says: "Huh."
Jake says: "Hey, he's not here."
Finn says: "Hmm."
Finn says: "Maybe someone around here knows where he is."
They hear screams for help from offscreen.
Finn says: "Somebody in trouble!"
They run toward the source of the cries.
Suzy says: "Help!"
Sue says: "Help!"
Suzy says: "They're taking our candles!"
Sue says: "They're taking our candles!"
Jake says: "It's the Hooligans Who Love Candles!"
Finn says: "Let's get 'em!"
Finn says: "Hey!"
Hooligans carrying candle says: "Huh?"
Finn kicks the candle out of their grip.
Hooligan says: "Yo!"
Hooligan says: "You got a prob, Bob?"
Finn says: "Stealing candles from old ladies is immoral!"
Another hooligan says: "Anarchy!"
Finn says: "Hyah!"
Jake runs by chasing two more hooligans.
Hooligans says: "Aah!"
Hooligans says: "Stop chasing us!"
Finn continues fighting, then rests, panting. A hooligan holding a candle comes up from behind.
Hooligan says: "Happy birthday."
Finn falls to the ground and holds his head. He looks up to see five of the hooligans upon him.
Hooligan says: "You're dead, teddy boy."
Finn looks down to see the sword wrapped around his wrist again.
Finn says: "No."
The hooligan lifts the candle above his head in slow motion, coming in for another hit, but Finn quickly gets up and slices at the candle multiple times. The candle falls apart in the shape of Finn's face. While the hooligans are taken aback, Finn leaps over them while slicing at their hair. After he lands, their hair falls off and they run away screaming.
Suzy says: "You've saved our shop!"
Sue says: "You've saved our shop!"
Sue says: "Thank you so much, you brave young man."
Suzy says: "And don't even worry about the damages."
Sue says: "We'll just use the broken pieces to build a life-sized candle in your likeness."
Suzy says: "Oh, and we'll put it right by the entrance, and it'll be our mascot—"
Suzy says: "the candle man!"
The sword grips Finn's wrist tightly.
Jake says: "Dude..."
Finn says: "Yeah..."
Finn says: "not comin' off."
Jake says: "Don't give up, man."
Jake says: "Hey, maybe Choose Goose knows where the old man went."
The scene changes to them walking up to Choose Goose's stall.
Jake says: "Hey, Choogles!"
Jake says: "We need your help."
Jake says: "We gotta find the dude who sold us this cursed sword."
Jake says: "You know who he is?"
Choose Goose says: "I know you did business with some rando guy."
Choose Goose says: "Help you backstabbers—"
Choose Goose says: "Why should I?"
Jake says: "What?"
Jake says: "Come on, Choogie, it was only one time."
Choose Goose says: "Hmm."
Finn slices at a fly, but knocks down some of Choose Goose's wares.
Finn says: "I made a mistake, CG."
Finn says: "This merch is totally defective."
Finn says: "Please."
Choose Goose says: "Okay-dokay..."
Choose Goose says: "I know that quack with the grassy shack."
Choose Goose says: "He's a wizard from the grassy plain."
Choose Goose says: "He lives atop the grassy moun..."
Choose Goose says: "tayn."
Jake says: "Awesome."
Jake says: "Wizard of Grassy Moun-tayn..."
Jake says: "Mountain."
Jake says: "Yeah, thanks, Choogs."
Finn says: "Yeah, thanks!"
Finn and Jake start walking off.
Choose Goose says: "He's the only one who can lift the curse, but beware..."
Finn and Jake stop in their tracks and turn around.
Choose Goose says: "He's a huge ding-wad—"
Choose Goose says: "just the worst."
The scene switches to Finn and Jake running toward the grassy mountain. Suddenly, some grass monsters emerge from the side of the hill. Finn slices the head off each one as he runs by.
Finn says: "Chop, chop, chop, chop, chop!"
In front of them, a giant Grass Bear grows out of the ground. It growls and spits at them and steps toward Jake.
Finn gets Jake out of the way of the monster's foot and slices its leg in the shape of his face without even looking. The monster howls while balancing on one foot. Finn flicks the blade of his sword, causing it to rapidly spin like a propeller. The monster spits at them some more, then collapses on top of them. Finn uses the sword to blast his way out from under the mound of grass. The blade stops spinning and they continue up the mountain.
Finn says: "Hmm."
Finn says: "For a cursed dingus, you cut so good."
They reach the shack at the top of the mountain.
Finn says: "Come forth, wizard, and uncurse my mitt!"
Finn says: "Grassy Mountain Wizard!"
The door opens and out steps the guy who sold Finn his sword. He casts aside his cloak and sunglasses.
Grassy Wizard says: "Comin' up here tryin' to enter my house!"
Grassy Wizard says: "Are you for real?!"
Grassy Wizard says: "!"
Finn says: "Hyah!"
Grassy Wizard says: "Uh..."
Grassy Wizard says: "go forth!"
Grassy Wizard says: "Go..."
Grassy Wizard says: "uh, forth."
Grassy Wizard says: "That was all my grassy objects."
Finn lands in front of him, knocking the wizard backwards.
Finn says: "Lift the curse."
Finn says: "I think I'm cool with that."
The sword retracts and wraps around Finn's arm.
Grassy Wizard says: "What?"
Finn says: "Whoa."
Jake says: "Now that you've accepted it, you can control it!"
Grassy Wizard says: "That's not how people are supposed to react to an eternal curse!"
Finn says: "Whatevs."
Jake says: "Whatevs."
They run down the mountain while Finn retracts and extends his sword.
Episode ends.