The episode opens in the Tree Fort's treasure room. Finn is reading the note Jake left at the end of the last episode.
Finn says: ""B."
Finn says: "R."
Finn says: "B."
Finn says: "- Jake"."
Finn says: "Hmm."
Finn says: "B."
Finn says: "R."
Finn says: "B..."
Finn says: "B."
Finn says: "R."
Finn says: "B."
Finn says: "Bring regular babies."
Finn says: "Big red balls."
Finn says: "No."
Finn says: "Beautiful rump burger."
BMO enters down the ladder into the treasure room, carrying a banana.
BMO says: "What you doing, Finn?"
Finn says: "Jake left me this note, but I, uh  I can't remem what the abbreve means."
BMO says: "It's for me!"
BMO says: "This is Jake's special code to tell me he loves me."
Finn says: "No, it's something normal like, uh..."
BMO says: "Be right back."
Finn says: "Right!"
Finn says: ""Be right back!"
Finn says: ""  So dumb."
Finn says: "Cool."
Finn says: "Jake'll be right back."
There is a thud, and Finn looks over to BMO. BMO has produced a box of papers from a bookshelf in a nearby treasure pile.
BMO says: "Look, Finn!"
BMO says: "My Jake Valentines."
BMO says: "He leaves them for me when he goes out."
The box contains various notes from Jake.
Finn says: "That's cute, BMO."
BMO says: "Yeah, I know."
Finn spots an issue of Ble magazine that fell on BMO's head while he was retrieving the box.
Finn says: "Oh, Ble."
Finn says: "I love Ble!"
Finn says: "I'll read some Ble 'til Jake gets back, I guess."
BMO laughs and giggles at one of the notes. Finn sits on a massage chair and begins reading the magazine. He chuckles as he turns the pages.
Finn says: "Ja - I mean, BMO!"
BMO is sat on the floor, pretending to make the banana and one of Jake's notes kiss each other.
Finn says: "Check this funny caption I just wrote."
BMO says: "Hmm."
BMO says: "No humor detected."
Finn says: "What?"
Finn says: "No, it's - it's like..."
Finn says: "this guy's problem is a tiger biting his foot, and talking to this guy isn't helping!"
Finn says: "Like, "Ouch!"
Finn says: "Hey, this isn't helping!"
Finn says: "" You know, like, it's, you know, like..."
BMO says: "Was the tiger already biting his foot?"
BMO says: "Or did the tiger bite his foot after he lay down on the couch?"
BMO says: "Because that is the bearded man's responsibility."
Finn says: "BMO, I love you, but you don't understand comedy."
BMO says: "Maybe it's just not funny."
Finn says: "This is funny, and I'm gonna prove it!"
BMO says: "You are?"
Finn says: "Yeah, I mean, I'm pretty bored, and this is really funny, BMO."
BMO says: "Prove it!"
Finn says: "Fine!"
Finn says: "I'm going to!"
BMO says: "Fine!"
BMO says: "I'll be right here!"
Finn says: "Fine!"
BMO says: "Fine!"
Finn slams the door, then smiles and waves at BMO through the window. BMO smirks and waves back. They were both just pretending to be angry. The scene changes to the Candy Kingdom, where Princess Bubblegum is riding through the streets on a hoverboard wearing a siren hat and carrying a laser gun and a megaphone.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Bwee-woo-bwee-woo!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "This is a drill!"
Candy people says: "Oh no!"
Candy people says: "A real drill?!"
Candy people says: "!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "You two, raise your resinous glaze shields!"
Candy people says: "Oh, oh, oh, oh!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Activate the B."
Princess Bubblegum says: "H."
Princess Bubblegum says: "T."
Princess Bubblegum says: "to preserve freshness!"
A Gumball Guardian pulls a lever and a green force field descends across the whole kingdom. Bubblegum looks at her watch.
Princess Bubblegum says: "We're not ready."
Candy people says: "Intruder!"
Candy people says: "Intruder!"
Candy people says: "It's our friend, Finn!"
Finn enters, escorted by two candy people holding his hands.
Finn says: "What's all the hubbub, Bubs?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, just some precautionary exercises in case our primary alarm and defense system fails."
Finn says: "Cool."
Finn says: "Cool."
Finn says: "Hey, can you look at this funny thing I wrote?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, sure!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I'm fascinated by humor."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hmm!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yes."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Certainly what this hirsute gentleman needs is a tetanus shot."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Excellent point, Finn."
Finn says: "No, but..."
Finn says: "is it funny?"
Finn says: "Never mind."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I don't have time to explain the psychology of humor to you."
Princess Bubblegum says: "But I'd like you to read this book."
Kenneth says: "Thank you, Princess."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Der Witz Und Seine Beziehung Zum Unterbewussten."
Princess Bubblegum says: ""The Joke and his Relation to the Unconscious"."
Princess Bubblegum says: "It's printed in Gebrochene Schrift, which I think is easier on the eyes."
The scene changes. Finn is walking through the forest with the book.
Finn says: ""Der Witz Und..."
Finn says: "Der Witz Und..."
Finn says: "See-einy..."
Finn says: "Bezeyhung..."
Finn says: "Zumbewuzzzz..."
Finn says: "" Ugh!"
Finn says: "PB's too smart."
Finn says: "That's why she doesn't get my joke."
Finn says: "I mean..."
Finn says: "it's funny."
Finn says: "Uh, it's super funny."
Finn says: "Turbo-nerds like PB just aren't the right audience for this sort of thing, you know?"
Finn says: "I should show this to normal people, the common folk."
Finn says: "The busy woman on the go."
Finn says: "The regular Joe or Josephine."
Finn says: "Or somebody like Ice King, who's desperate for my approval."
The scene changes to the Ice Kingdom, where Ice King is reading the comic.
Ice King says: "Finn, this is so funny!"
Ice King says: "A kitty with big teeth?!"
Ice King says: "!"
Ice King says: "Come on!"
Finn says: "Yeah, I didn't draw that, but cool."
Ice King says: "Oh, yeah."
Ice King says: "But, uh, what if - and I'm just spitballin'."
Ice King says: "What if it was something more like, "Hey, Doc!"
Ice King says: "I got a caveman in my teeth!"
Ice King says: "" Huh?"
A group of penguins quack in approval of the joke.
Ice King says: "Haha!"
Ice King says: "Whoo!"
Finn says: "Heh."
Finn says: "Yeah."
Finn says: "That's pretty good, I guess."
Ice King says: "Oh, is this Ble?"
Ice King says: "I love Ble!"
Ice King says: "That one with the two cops who are always accidentally arresting each other."
Finn says: "Right?!"
Finn says: "!"
Finn says: "And "Animal Quackers"!"
Ice King says: "I've been mailing them my short stories and comics for as long as I can remember."
Ice King says: "But, uh, nary a piece published."
Ice King says: "Nary a piece."
Ice King says: "Nary a piece!"
Ice King says: "I hate Ble!"
Ice King says: "Sittin' in their ivory towers!"
Ice King says: "They don't know comedy!"
Ice King says: "They don't understand the common folk!"
Ice King says: "The busy woman on the go!"
Ice King says: "The average Joe or Josephine!"
Finn says: "The average Joe or Josephine!"
Ice King says: "Right!"
Finn says: "Right!"
Ice King says: "See?"
Ice King says: "We got the goods, you and I, and they've lost their touch."
Ice King says: "Hey, if we want them to touch our goods, we should go down there and confront them face-to-face."
Finn says: "And if I get my winning caption printed, everybody will know it's funny!"
Finn says: "I'm talking about you, BMO."
Finn says: "But, uh, where do they print Ble?"
Ice King says: "Oh, yeah."
Ice King says: "I don't, uh..."
Ice King says: "Oh!"
Ice King says: "Oh!"
Ice King says: "Yeah, hold this."
Ice King says: "I'll use my..."
Ice King says: "demonic wishing eye!"
The two of them are transported to a strange dimension with fluffy clouds and rainbows.
Wishy says: "Hello, Ice King."
Ice King says: "Hello, Wishy!"
Wishy says: "What do you like to wish for?"
Ice King says: "I wish to go to Ble!"
Wishy says: "You go, girl!"
Wishy fires a beam of magic at Finn and Ice King. They scream as they are transported to the Ble headquarters.
Finn says: "Whoa."
Finn says: "Why don't you just use that thing all the time?"
Ice King says: "Oh, it takes a piece of your soul each time you use it."
Ice King says: "But look!"
Ice King says: "The legendary Bledquarters!"
Finn says: "It must be so fun to work here, just sittin' around, making up jokes all day."
They approach the bridge leading to the front door.
Pudding Troll says: "Hey!"
Pudding Troll says: "Hey."
Finn says: "Aww."
Finn says: "Who are you?"
Pudding Troll says: "I'm a pudding troll, and I guard this humor magazine."
Finn says: "Uhhhh, why?"
Pudding Troll says: "It's..."
Pudding Troll says: "my job."
Finn says: "Why is this your job?"
Pudding Troll says: "I..."
Pudding Troll says: "applied?"
Pudding Troll says: "I'm maybe not following you."
Pudding Troll says: "I think I better escort you off the premises."
Finn says: "No!"
Finn says: "No, no, no."
Finn says: "We just want to pitch a cartoon caption!"
Pudding Troll says: "Hey, Big Tina, it's your time to shine, okay?"
The Pudding Troll shoots a blast of pudding at Finn and Ice King. They both scream. Finn pushes back against the pudding but is swept off his feet.
Finn says: "Waahh!"
Ice King is rapidly trying to eat the pudding as Finn washes up beside him.
Finn says: "Okay, what's our plan here?"
Ice King says: "Maybe if we eat all this ammo, he'll be forced to make more for us."
Finn says: "Wait."
Finn says: "You can fly!"
Pudding Troll says: "Uh-oh!"
Pudding Troll says: "Angle up, Big Tina!"
Ice King is carrying Finn through the air. He laughs before being taken out by a blast of pudding. Finn falls towards the Pudding Troll.
Pudding Troll says: "Uh-oh!"
Pudding Troll says: "Ugh!"
Finn tackles the Pudding Troll to the ground and pins him.
Pudding Troll says: "You win."
Pudding Troll says: "Fine."
Pudding Troll says: "I've never let anyone inside before, so I hope you have an amazing pitch."
The Pudding Troll opens the front door and a pile of letters spills out onto the street.
Ice King says: "Hey!"
Ice King says: "These are all my submissions!"
Ice King says: "They kept them in a big pile by the door..."
Ice King says: "Seems like a good sign!"
They enter the building. Dozens of long-dead skeletons are sat at the desks and strewn across the floor.
Finn says: "Well, shoot, man."
Finn says: "Looks like everyone here is crazy dead."
Pudding Troll says: "I've been guarding dead people for five hundred years."
Pudding Troll says: "Wow, I need to sit with that."
Finn says: "This means that Ble Magazine is dead, too!"
Finn says: "Now how am I supposed to prove my caption's funny."
Ice King says: "Ding dong!"
Ice King says: "I found Ble 217!"
Ice King says: "We can see what the winning caption was."
Ice King says: "It's about time us young guns took the reins."
Ice King throws a monitor out the window then blows on a conch shell. The sound reaches the Ice Kingdom, where a large group of penguins hear it and make their way to the Ble headquarters, quacking as they go. They burst through the front door of the building, scattering Ice King's submissions.
Ice King says: "Hello, boys."
Ice King says: "Now let's roll these presses one last time."
A montage plays. The penguins are seen working at desks and helping to organise Ice King's submissions. Finn and the Pudding Troll work on new comics. Finn draws "Hat Dog" and adds a second hat, which they are both satisfied with. The penguins operate the presses, and with a hiss, the new issue of the magazine is produced. Finn staples the spine.
Finn says: "Our very own Ble Magazine."
Ice King says: "And it's a pretty good issue, too."
Ice King says: "We got that nice cover you did, my short story, "Fionna and Cake: Baby Detectives", some, looks like, pudding jokes..."
Pudding Troll says: "Big Tina wrote those!"
Ice King says: "..."
Ice King says: ""Fionna and Cake: Baby Detectives Go to College", and, of course, your caption!"
Finn says: "Wow."
Finn says: "It looks amazing in print."
Pudding Troll says: "Guys, I'm gonna be honest, just speaking as an average Josephine, I really don't get that caption."
Finn says: "Maybe it doesn't matter if my caption is funny or not."
Finn says: "I think I just wanted to be part of Ble."
Finn says: "It's something I've been a fan of for so long."
Finn says: "And maybe we can bring it back."
Finn says: "There's no reason it can't have a new dawn."
Finn says: "A Blennaissance!"
Ice King says: "Okay, boys, close her down!"
The penguins begin violently destroying all the computers and presses, and set fire to the building.
Finn says: "No, you're right."
Finn says: "Can't be nostalgic!"
The scene changes. Finn is walking back towards the Tree Fort.
Finn says: "Man, that caption was amazing in my head."
Finn says: "Maybe I'm not a very funny person."
Finn says: "Like, I got low comedy stats."
Finn says: "That's kind of a bummer."
BMO is in the treasure room, humming to himself and drawing a picture on the side of Neptr. Finn enters.
Finn says: "Yo, BMO."
Finn says: "Check it out!"
Finn comedically slips on four banana peels in a row, slides across the room screaming, rips his pants, trips over a pile of treasure, flies through the air, and slams face first into the massage chair, which tips over and activates while Finn is stuck upside down in his underwear. BMO and Neptr both laugh uncontrollably. Finn smiles.
Episode ends.