In the Candy Kingdom, King of Ooo's blimp is seen docked at Princess Bubblegum's castle.
Finn says: "Yeow!"
Toronto says: "Whoops."
Toronto is holding a sword. Finn rubs a cut on his head.
King of Ooo says: "And I dub thee Sir Jake the Dog."
Toronto lightly taps Jake's shoulder with sword.
King of Ooo says: "You two now comprise the royal guard of the one true princess of Ooo."
King of Ooo says: "That's me!"
King of Ooo says: "As such, you may no longer own property or operate children and must render all treasure and wives unto your sworn princess within a hangman's fortnight."
Jake says: "Joke's on you, man."
Jake says: "We spent all our treasure the other day."
Jake says: "Plus, don't even have any wives."
Finn says: "Wait, what?"
Finn says: "What about Lady?"
Jake says: "Lady's my girlfriend."
Finn says: "Wait, but..."
Jake says: "That was Tree Trunks."
Finn says: "Oh, yeah."
King of Ooo says: "We, the inhabitants of Ooo, owe you heroes our very lives."
King of Ooo says: "As the once powerful and dignified Princess Bubblegum sulked off into exile, it fell upon you two to save us from the impending comet of doom and/or from the hideous Orgalorg, who aimed to eat the powerful comet and grow invincible!"
King of Ooo says: "And for that, we are eternally grateful."
Toronto says: "I know I am."
King of Ooo says: "But now your bravery is essential to a new heroic task!"
King of Ooo says: "Can you guess what it is?"
Finn says: "Uh..."
King of Ooo says: "Come on."
King of Ooo says: "Guess!"
Finn says: "Um..."
Finn says: "Fight a—"
Finn says: "Fight a dragon?"
King of Ooo says: "Wrong!"
King of Ooo says: "Follow me."
Finn, Jake, the King of Ooo, and Toronto go to the highest part of the sweet castle.
Finn says: "Man, this is stupid as heck."
Finn says: "I miss PB."
Jake says: "Yeah, yes..."
Jake says: "I mean, except for this sweet armor, though."
Jake says: "This armor is hot like fire."
Finn says: "Naw, the armor's stupid too."
Finn says: "Dang King of Ooo going around like DJ Snappy."
King of Ooo says: "This is it, fellas, the only spot in the kingdom left unscoured during my treasure census."
King of Ooo says: "I'm afraid it'll explode or something if I open it."
King of Ooo says: "But I really think there could, nay, there might be precious treasures in there."
King of Ooo says: "So I want you two to do it."
Finn says: "Man, this..."
Finn says: "seems like a really bad idea."
King of Ooo says: "Yeah, well, it's an order from your princess."
King of Ooo says: "Get, get, get."
Finn says: "Hey, eh, ooh, oh, ah."
Jake says: "Hey, eh, ooh, oh, ah."
Finn says: "Come on!"
Finn says: "Alright, alright."
Old Banana Guards says: "Hello."
Old Banana Guard 1 says: "We are the sworn protectors of the forbidden inner sanctum, and to proceed you must answer this ancient riddle..."
Old Banana Guard 1 says: "I forgot the riddle."
Old Banana Guard 2 says: "That's okay."
Old Banana Guard 1 says: "I love you."
Old Banana Guard 2 says: "I love you too."
Jake says: "Hey, there's stairs back here."
Old Banana Guard 3 says: "I love you guys."
Finn says: "Woah."
Jake says: "Wait up."
Finn says: "It's a dragon..."
Finn says: "a candy dragon."
Finn says: "Look."
Finn says: "He sucks the vitamins from the roots."
Finn says: "And transforms it into candy juice?"
Finn says: "And then—"
Finn says: "And then the juice goes in all those drains."
Finn says: "This."
Finn says: "This is the lifeblood of the whole kingdom."
Finn says: "Power, defense, recreation."
Finn says: "This is everything."
Finn says: "It cleans, it nourishes, and—"
Finn says: "and..."
King of Ooo says: "♪Muh-muh-muh money, money."
King of Ooo says: "♪ Go on..."
Finn says: "What are you talking about with all this money talk?"
Jake says: "Yeah, why are you singing the money song?"
King of Ooo says: "What, you don't see it?"
Toronto says: "They don't see it."
King of Ooo says: "Look, everyone needs juice to live, right?"
King of Ooo says: "And I control the source of the juice, so by me charging a mere pittance for every single drop, I can easily quadruple my treasure pile!"
Finn says: "Man, if you think we're just gonna stand here and let..."
King of Ooo says: "Although..."
King of Ooo says: "if this dragon thing could pick up the pace a bit, we could have enough of a surplus left over to export worldwide!"
King of Ooo says: "Hey, you there!"
King of Ooo says: "What do you think about picking up the..."
King of Ooo says: "Looks like the Candy Kingdom empire is finished."
King of Ooo says: "But the four of us will live like kings 'til the juice runs out."
King of Ooo says: "What do you say, boys?"
King of Ooo says: "Let's..."
King of Ooo says: "Huh, I wonder where they ran off to."
Finn says: "Princess, Princess, Princess!"
Jake says: "Princess, Princess, Princess!"
Finn says: "Princess, Princess, Princess, Princess!"
Jake says: "Princess, Princess, Princess, Princess!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, hey boys!"
Finn says: "Princess, sklizz is really blizzed up with the King of Ooo!"
Finn says: "He really blizzed up all the sklizz."
Jake says: "He blizzed it all up, man."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yeah, well maybe he should unblizz it then."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Why do I always gotta unblizz everything?"
Finn says: "But Princess, under the tree there's—"
Finn says: "there's a dragon."
Finn says: "And he took the juice!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh no."
Princess Bubblegum says: "This is all my fault."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Neddy..."
Finn says: "Princess?"
Finn says: "Princess, what is it?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "That dragon you saw, he's my brother, Neddy."
Finn says: "Whaaaaaaaaa?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "We spawned together from the Mother Gum, and now I'm all he has."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Neddy's very sensitive."
Princess Bubblegum says: "It's not safe for him out there."
Princess Bubblegum says: "He needs my help, and I'll need yours."
Jake says: "Ahhhhhhh."
PB has a flashback of her and Neddy's early life, in which they communicate through whimpers, clucks, and other vocalizations, but no dialogue.
Finn says: "It's pretty quiet, huh?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Okay, guys."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Neddy's in this cave."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I know because my bod rod here is calibrated to our sister-brother bond."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Now, people frighten him, so I'm going in alone."
Princess Bubblegum says: "If he tries to run, STOP HIM."
Jake says: "I don't think we can."
Jake says: "He's a giant."
Finn says: "Yup."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Thanks, guys!"
Jake says: "This armor is driving me nuts!"
Finn says: "No way, I changed my mind."
Finn says: "I feel like a fancy shield."
Finn says: "Or if I was like a dangerous candlestick."
Finn says: "Like a knight's candlestick."
Jake says: "You don't stretch, man."
Jake says: "This thing's cramping my crimps!"
Jake says: "Woo!"
Finn says: "Dude, I don't like that."
Neddy says: "Ooooh!"
Neddy says: "OOOOH!"
Neddy sucks on a root and the juice begins to flow again.
Banana Guard says: "Oh nooo!"
Banana Guard says: "I just want consistency!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "So, what are you two up to now?"
Jake says: "Eh, garden stuff, I guess."
Finn says: "Ummm..."
Finn says: "Hey Bonnie, you always act like a loner, right?"
Finn says: "But next to your brother, you're the light of the party."
Finn says: "Sorry, the LIGHT of the party."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I mean, yeah."
Princess Bubblegum says: "One of the first things I did after making sure Neddy was safe was to start making the candy people."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I was formed in the Mother Gum."
Princess Bubblegum says: "My mind and my gum were in touch with dozens of others, like a crowded womb."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I guess I missed that."
Jake says: "But Neddy's from the same place you're from, and he's a wet hot dog around everyone."
Princess Bubblegum says: "People get built different."
Princess Bubblegum says: "We don't need to figure it out."
Princess Bubblegum says: "We just need to respect it."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Maybe he likes his own company better than I like mine."
Finn says: "Well, do you miss the candy people?"
King of Ooo says: "Hey babaloos, good thing that juice is back on."
King of Ooo says: "I was making a mint, but hoo doggie, my candles were starting to turn."
King of Ooo says: "Yup, it tastes just like you'd think."
Episode ends.