Scene begins with Princess Bubblegum, Marceline, Finn and Jake relaxing in a serene apple cider pond. Jake and Finn are swimming in the pond.
Finn says: "Whew."
Finn says: "A goblet of sparkling apple juice for milady."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Thanks, Finn."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hey where'd you get this goblet?"
Finn says: "Oh, uh, I think we won it in a fight with an octopus we were fighting in, like, a sea cave full of treasure?"
Jake says: "No."
Jake says: "It was from when BMO was playing dress-up."
Princess Bubblegum says: "It reminds me of a cup my uncle used to have."
Finn says: "You mean your Uncle Gumbald, right?"
Jake says: "Do tell."
Jake says: "You never talk about your family."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I don't know."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Families are tricky."
Princess Bubblegum says: "You guys know what I mean, right?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "We have to go back a ways Like 800 years ago."
Scene changes to 800 years ago in a desolate and abandoned land.
Whirs And Beeps Glass shatters.
Goblin says: "Help!"
Goblin says: "Help me!"
Goblin says: "Oh, goodness me."
Goblin says: "Someone please help me."
Goblin says: "I'm a defenseless little goblin surrounded by all this loot."
Goblin says: "Boo-hoo."
Animal grunts.
Young Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, you poor thing, here."
Young Princess Bubblegum says: "Have a drink to ease your nerves while I untie you."
Goblin says: "Pfft!"
Goblin says: "Aah!"
Goblin says: "The time for faking is over now."
Goblin says: "Give me all your stuff."
Bubblegum pulls out a pea shooter.
Goblin says: "Aah-aah-aaah!"
SLURPING Mm?
Young Bubblegum says: "Another close call today, Neddy."
Young Bubblegum says: "Neddy, you sweet chicken."
Young Bubblegum says: "It was a lot different back in the Mother Gum."
Young Bubblegum says: "We all had each other's backs."
Young Bubblegum says: "I'm going to make more of us, Neddy."
Young Bubblegum says: "I know you don't care, and that's fine."
Young Bubblegum says: "But I need to be around people like me."
Bubblegum heads out Scene changes to some time later.
Young Bubblegum says: "O-kay!"
Young Bubblegum says: "This is it, Neddy."
Young Bubblegum says: "We're getting relatives!"
Electricity crackles Whimpers Grunts Sizzling.
Young Bubblegum says: ":Your name is Aunt Lolly!"
Lolly says: "A pleasure to meet you, dear."
Young Bubblegum says: ": And you're Cousin Chicle."
Young Bubblegum says: "You're a full 2."
Young Bubblegum says: "3 meters tall."
Cousin Chicle says: "Naturally I am a gentleman of high standing."
Young Bubblegum says: "Oh, Cousin Chicle."
Young Bubblegum says: "And finally Uncle Gumbald!"
Young Bubblegum says: "This is your favorite mug."
Uncle Gumbald says: "Ah, yes."
Uncle Gumbald says: "I'm your GREAT uncle."
Uncle Gumbald says: "The mug proclaims it so."
Young Bubblegum says: "Aren't they great, Neddy?"
Young Bubblegum says: "You'll be my protectors, my advisers, my family."
A montage of the Gum family at work renovating the “Candy Town” is shown A scene is shown of the same night where Uncle Gumbald is cutting down the taffy trees.
Young Bubblegum says: "I'm heading out, Neddy."
Young Bubblegum says: "What?"
Young Bubblegum says: "What?"
Young Bubblegum says: "What?!"
Young Bubblegum says: "!"
Uncle Gumbald says: "Morning, small niece."
Young Bubblegum says: "Uncle Gumbald, the taffy trees are gone!"
Uncle Gumbald says: "I know."
Uncle Gumbald says: "I chopped 'em down last night."
Uncle Gumbald says: "Yesterday, I realized these trees were not being utilized to their full potential, so I elected to build this cabin."
Uncle Gumbald says: "This is but the first step in building my glorious new candy city."
Uncle Gumbald says: "I've already drawn up the plans for it."
Uncle Gumbald says: "All of this will be apartments."
Uncle Gumbald says: "And did you notice the family crest I designed?"
Uncle Gumbald says: "It's a "G" for, uh "Gum"."
Young Bubblegum says: "Why does it look like your head?"
Uncle Gumbald says: "You're such a curious little girl."
Uncle Gumbald says: "We're a lifestyle brand now."
Scene changes to later in the night.
Young Bubblegum says: "Success!"
Young Bubblegum says: "Now instead of worrying about his dumb city, Uncle can come here to picnic, swim, and, uh fish!"
Young Bubblegum says: "Welcome to life, Candyfish."
Candy Fish says: "I can't breathe air!"
Uncle Gumbald says: "Bonnie!"
Uncle Gumbald says: "What have you done to my building site?"
Young Bubblegum says: "I made us a butterscotch lake and a fish to live in it."
Uncle Gumbald says: "But that's where the gift shop was gonna go."
Uncle Gumbald says: "Now it's just gonna be volleyballs, water skis, and shrimp cocktails."
Candy Fish says: "Sounds nice."
Uncle Gumbald says: "Did you say you "made" this creature?"
Young Bubblegum says: "Come on."
Young Bubblegum says: "You'll appreciate him more once you watch him swim around."
Uncle Gumbald says: "Bonnibel you've micromanaged me for the last time."
Uncle Gumbald says: "Huh?"
Uncle Gumbald says: "Hmm."
Uncle Gumbald says: "I think it's time for Bonnie to be re-branded."
In a later scene.
Uncle Gumbald says: "Niece, now that I've had to stare at it for weeks, I've got to admit that your lake was a very good idea."
Lolly says: "Ja!"
Lolly says: "Sehr gut!"
Chicle says: "Very wunderbar."
Young Bubblegum says: "Oh, I'm so happy."
Uncle Gumbald says: "We got you a gift to say thanks."
Uncle Gumbald says: "It's right outside, Prinzessin."
Young Bubblegum says: "You got me a car?"
Uncle Gumbald says: "Yes, a car."
Uncle Gumbald says: "But also a boyfriend!"
Mr. Cream Puff says: "Hi, babe."
Mr. Cream Puff says: "Beep beep!"
Young Bubblegum says: "Wait, what?"
Uncle Gumbald says: "All right, you nut."
Uncle Gumbald says: "Have fun on your date."
Young Bubblegum says: "Date?!"
Young Bubblegum says: "!"
Engine starts.
Mr. Cream Puff says: "Let's go, babe."
Mr. Cream Puff says: "Beep beep!"
Tires screech.
Uncle Gumbald says: "What a naive little child."
Mr. Cream Puff says: "Date's over, babe."
Mr. Cream Puff says: "Pick you up tomorrow to get matching tattoos."
Young Bubblegum says: "I'm back from that terrible date."
Young Bubblegum says: "Hello?"
Uncle Gumbald says: "Thank you for coming to the mandatory optimization meeting."
Uncle Gumbald says: "Tonight, we address the "Bonnie problem"."
Young Bubblegum says: "Bonnie problem?"
Uncle Gumbald says: "Our future city is on course to be a rousing success, barring only one obstacle Our complete lack of competent leadership."
BB's the leader? I thought she was a mime. Cause I never hear a word she says.
Both Uncle Gumbald And Aunt Lolly together says: "Oh, Cousin Chicle!"
Both Uncle Gumbald And Aunt Lolly together says: "Oh, Cousin Chicle!"
Young Bubblegum says: "Dang, Chicle, that's cold."
Uncle Gumbald says: "I have formulated a happy juice that will render her as docile and simple-minded as her cutie BF, young Mr."
Uncle Gumbald says: "Creampuff."
Uncle Gumbald says: "All we have to do is sprinkle some of this on her breakfast, and we'll be in charge."
Uncle Gumbald says: "Let us celebrate with coup d'etat cupcakes."
Chicle says: "Poisoned cakes."
Crunchy says: "Where am I?"
Lolly says: "Oh, right, the poison."
Manfried says: "I don't know what's happening!"
Manfried says: "Whee!"
Manfried says: "Whee!"
Manfried says: "Whee!"
Manfried says: "Whee!"
Uncle Gumbald says: "Ah!"
Uncle Gumbald says: "My first candy employees."
Young Bubblegum says: "What have you done?"
Young Bubblegum says: "This isn't what I made you to be."
Uncle Gumbald says: "No, you wanted us to be lowly pet fish, swimming in your narcissistic pond."
Uncle Gumbald says: "But I am your equal!"
Young Bubblegum says: "You're not like me."
Young Bubblegum says: "You're bad."
Uncle Gumbald says: "I am the future."
Uncle Gumbald says: "Come on, Bonnie."
Uncle Gumbald says: "Don't run away from happiness."
Uncle Gumbald says: "I'm going to fix you."
Uncle Gumbald says: "And then, I'm going to fix that sniveling gumwad, Neddy."
Young Bubblegum says: "Don't touch my brother!"
Uncle Gumbald says: "A pea-shooter?"
Uncle Gumbald says: "The juice!"
Uncle Gumbald says: "Nooooo!"
Young Bubblegum says: "What a mess."
Young Bubblegum says: "But they do seem happier now So unburdened and pliable."
Young Bubblegum says: "You, the crunchy ball, dance for me."
Crunchy says: "Sure."
Crunchy says: "Come on, lady."
Crunchy says: "Do the crunchy dance."
Young Bubblegum says: "Oh, Crunchy."
Young Bubblegum says: "Sure, I'll dance with my candy people."
Crunchy says: "Yay for the lady!"
Young Princess Bubblegum says: "Call me Princess."
Everybody says: "Hurrah!"
Flash forward to present day treehouse. Princess Bubblegum and Finn are washing dishes.
Finn says: "Whoa, for real?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Like I said, families are tricky."
Princess Bubblegum says: "BMO!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Where did you get this cup?"
BMO says: "From that guy!"
BMO says: "The guy on the cup!"
BMO says: "The guy who's face is on the cup!"
BMO says: "That guy!"