The episode begins at Iceberg Lake where Finn is lighting a flamethrower with a flambit.
Finn says: "Yeah!"
Finn says: "Yeah!"
The iceberg melts, exposing several objects inside.
Finn says: "I found another bike and more computers."
Finn says: "What do you got?"
Jake says: "I keep finding baby shoes!"
Jake torches an iceberg with his flamethrower and exposes more baby shoes.
Jake says: "WHAT THE HECK, MAN?!"
Jake says: "!"
Jake says: "And they're all lefties!"
Jake says: "Sorry I'm not finding any loot."
Finn says: "Keep it together, chubby, because I think we found enough scrap to finish building our gauntlet dock; a dock that is also a gauntlet."
Jake says: "Aww."
Jake says: "Building this gauntlet dock is hard, man."
Jake says: "Hard work sucks."
Finn says: "Don't be lazy, Jake."
There's a bubbling noise coming from the lake behind Finn and Jake.
Finn says: "Huh?"
Jake says: "Incoming iceberg!"
Finn says: "Whoa!"
Finn says: "That one's huge!"
Jake says: "I got dibs!"
Jake says: "Ooo."
Jake says: "I hope it's not baby shoes."
Jake wipes the surface of the ice, which reveals a face within the ice.
Jake says: "It's a guy."
Finn says: "Creepy."
Finn says: "It's a buncha guys."
Jake says: "You know what they remind me of?"
Jake says: "Well-dressed pickles."
Finn says: "Stand back, Jake!"
Finn says: "I'm gonna melt 'em outta there!"
Finn says: "Full charge."
Finn blasts a huge flame out of his flamethrower and Jake runs up to stop him.
Jake says: "Whoa, don't roast 'em, man."
Jake says: "You gotta flambé."
Jake gently brushes the flame across the iceberg and it soon melts.
Jake says: "Ah."
Jake says: "Perfecto."
Jake says: "Bon appetit."
Finn says: "Hey!"
Finn says: "Can you hear me?"
Finn says: "Hello?"
Jake says: "I don't think they made it."
Finn says: "Hey."
Finn says: "This one's got some kind of pack."
One of them comes to life and pushes Finn away; Finn screams.
Red-tie businessman says: "I remember..."
Red-tie businessman says: "business."
Finn says: "Let go!"
Finn says: "Let go!"
Finn says: "Let go!"
Red-tie businessman says: "We..."
Red-tie businessman says: "are Business Men."
Finn says: "Oooh..."
Finn says: "Well, I'm Finn and he's Jake."
Jake says: "What kind of business do you do?"
Red-tie businessman says: "Been frozen..."
Red-tie businessman says: "so long, I..."
Red-tie businessman says: "can't remember."
Red-tie businessman says: "Can't remember!"
Red-tie businessman says: "Oh."
Red-tie businessman says: "Looking for help, your business?"
Red-tie businessman says: "We love work for you."
Finn says: "Nah."
Finn says: "Adventurers don't need any help."
Jake says: "Yes!"
Jake says: "Help us fix that dock."
Red-tie businessman says: "Dock-ka?"
Jake says: "Yeah!"
Jake says: "Right over there."
Red-tie businessman says: "Yes."
Red-tie businessman says: "This dock-ka..."
Red-tie businessman says: "could be more..."
Red-tie businessman says: "efficient."
Finn says: "No!"
Finn says: "Wait!"
The businessmen reel back and murmur as if frightened.
Finn says: "Jake, this dock is our fun pie."
Finn says: "We should be the ones to bake it."
Jake says: "But they're begging for it, Finn."
Jake says: "Just look at 'em."
The businessmen look excited and several of them are drooling.
Businessmen says: "Build dock."
Businessmen says: "Build dock."
Jake says: "Finn."
Jake says: "These poor souls are lost without jobs."
Jake says: "We can't ignore their plight."
Finn says: "Uhh..."
Jake says: "Go on guys, fix it up!"
Businessmen says: "Woo!"
The businessmen murmur excitedly as they run over to the dock and begin building.
Finn says: "Well..."
Finn says: "they do seem really happy to do it."
Jake says: "Of course, man."
Jake says: "They said they "love work for you."
Businessmen says: "Uhh..."
Businessmen says: "We finish."
The camera zooms out to show a completed gauntlet dock.
Finn says: "Whoa!"
Jake says: "Told ya so."
Finn says: "Come on!"
Finn says: "Let's try it out!"
Finn and Jake run through the gauntlet dock, avoiding the traps and obstacles, while Finn screams excitedly.
At the end of the dock, Finn and Jake jump into the water.
Finn says: "Yeah!"
Finn says: "Woo!"
Jake says: "See?"
Jake says: "If we hire them full time, they'll be back in business and we'll be able to focus on fun stuff."
Jake says: "Everybody wins!"
Finn says: "Maybe you're right."
Jake says: "You hear that, guys?"
Jake says: "Maybe I'm right!"
Red-tie businessman says: "Really?"
Red-tie businessman says: "Job?"
Red-tie businessman says: "With..."
Red-tie businessman says: "ad-ven-tur-ers?"
Jake says: "Yeah, mans!"
The businessmen cheer and dance.
The red-tie businessman throws down his briefcase and chisels "Fin sic & Jake Adventuring Incorporated" into the side.
The scene changes to the Tree Fort where the businessmen are cleaning weapons, ironing socks and shining shoes.
Jake is playing a video game on BMO.
Finn says: "Feels weird doing nothing."
Jake says: "Relax, man."
Jake says: "This is your day off."
Hot Dog Princess says: "Help!"
Hot Dog Princess says: "Somebody help!"
Finn says: "Trouble, dude!"
Finn says: "Get your axe!"
Finn says: "I'll get my..."
Finn says: "wha?"
Red-tie businessman says: "Adventure pack..."
Red-tie businessman says: "ready for you."
Finn says: "Hey, thanks man."
The scene changes to Finn and Jake running across the Grass Lands, weapons in hand.
Finn says: "I have to say, Jake."
Finn says: "My sword is totally shiny and stinkin' sharp!"
Jake says: "Uh huh."
Finn says: "Even my shoes feel different."
Finn says: "Not only are they clean, I feel radder, faster, more..."
Finn says: "adequate."
Jake says: "Cool!"
The businessmen are running behind Finn and Jake, writing notes.
A battle cube is chasing Hot Dog Princess.
Hot Dog Princess says: "Help!"
Finn says: "Don't cry, Hot Dog Princess!"
Finn says: "Jake and I will fend off these battle cubes!"
The businessmen sit off to the side and continue to take notes while eating donuts and drinking coffee.
Finn and Jake begin to fight the battle cubes, which are flying around Hot Dog Princess' kingdom.
The scene fades to a later time, where everyone is tired from fighting and Hot Dog Princess is taking a nap.
Finn says: "Man."
Finn says: "I'm getting tired."
Jake says: "Me too."
Jake says: "These cubes are..."
Jake says: "frickin' resilient."
Jake says: "Hey, business dudes!"
Jake says: "Hold off these cubes so we can catch our breath?"
Finn says: "Jake!"
Finn says: "They don't know how to fight."
The businessmen run over, wearing armor and wielding weapons; they begin fighting the battle cubes while Finn and Jake rest.
Red-tie businessman says: "Water."
Red-tie businessman says: "Orange slices."
Red-tie businessman says: "Help rehydrate."
Red-tie businessman runs back into battle, shouting.
Jake says: "These guys are great, right?"
Finn says: "I gotta admit..."
Finn says: "they are helping."
Finn says: "Oh!"
Finn says: "I think I figured out how to defeat the battle cubes!"
Jake says: "That's 'cause you had time to rest your body and refresh your brain."
Finn says: "Ok!"
Finn says: "We'll take it from here, guys!"
Jake says: "Yeah!"
Jake says: "Good work."
Finn and Jake run towards the battle cubes; Jake roars and grows large.
Finn says: "Grab all the cubes together!"
Jake stretches his hands to become giant and clasps them together, grabbing all the cubes.
Jake says: "Got 'em!"
Finn grunts and jumps into Jake's hands with a rope and ties all the battle cubes together into a single, large cube.
Finn says: "It worked!"
Jake throws the cubes off into the distances.
Finn says: "Wake up, Hot Dog Princess."
Finn says: "You're free."
Hot Dog Princess says: "Oh!"
Hot Dog Princess says: "Thank you, Finn and Jake!"
Hot Dog Princess says: "Especially you, Finn."
Hot Dog Princess stands on her hind legs and puckers her lips, as if to give Finn a kiss.
Finn rears back, disgusted.
Finn says: "Ugh."
Finn says: "She smells like old hot dog water."
Jake giggles and the red-tie businessman runs in between Finn and Hot Dog Princess to take the kiss instead.
Red-tie businessman says: "I take one for team."
Finn says: "This is awesome!"
Finn says: "You get a promotion, fella."
Red-tie businessman cheers and dances.
businessman says: "Take one for team, too."
The other businessmen begin kissing Hot Dog Princess.
The scene changes to the Tree Fort where Finn and Jake are playing BMO.
Jake says: "Oh..."
Jake says: "Lost again!"
Finn says: "My turn."
Jake walks over to the businessmen, operating a large collection of wires and monitors.
Jake says: "What's that?"
Jake goes to the freezer and takes out a tub of ice cream.
Red-tie businessman says: "Hero vision monitor."
Red-tie businessman says: "Use satellite to tell us world problems."
Jake says: "Oh, wow."
Jake says: "Anything going on?"
Red-tie businessman says: "Just small things."
Red-tie businessman says: "You save stress for big thing."
Jake says: "Freakin' awesome, man."
Finn says: "What are they doing?"
Jake says: "Takin' care of business."
Jake eats a scoop of ice cream and Finn plays the video game.
Finn says: "Jake, hit me!"
Jake flings a scoop of ice cream into Finn's mouth.
Time passes, showing more and more empty ice cream tubs stacked near Finn and Jake while both of them are getting fatter and fatter.
Video game says: "Mission complete."
Jake says: "Yeah!"
Finn and Jake get up and dance around, shaking their enormous guts.
Finn says: "We beat Adventure Master!"
Jake says: "Holy moly!"
Finn says: "We're adventure masters!"
Jake says: "Woo!"
Jake says: "Yes!"
Finn and Jake both get tired and stop celebrating to take a breath.
Finn says: "Ooo."
Jake says: "Ooo."
Finn says: "I never knew being fat and lazy was so rewarding."
Jake says: "Yeah."
Jake says: "You're gut's so huge and moldable."
Finn says: "Hey!"
Jake says: "Hold on a sec!"
Finn says: "Man, that tickles."
Jake manipulates Finn's gut to look like the Ice King.
Jake says: "I'm the Ice King, and I'll never find a bride because I'm such a tool."
Finn says: "Alright, let me try."
Finn manipulates his gut to look like Princess Bubblegum.
Finn says: "I'm Princess Bubblegum and I'm a dork, because I like science!"
Finn says: "I've also got a really annoying voice that Finn thinks is attractive!"
Jake says: "That's a- Hey, what'd you say?"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Ahh!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Oh, my gosh!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Leave me alone."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "All I said was "you're ugly," which is totally true."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Somebody help me!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Oh no!"
Jake says: "Man, I am not in the mood for saving Lumpy Space Princess."
Finn says: "Hey, business dudes!"
The businessmen enter the room from various directions.
Finn says: "What do you guys think?"
Red-tie businessman says: "Hmm..."
Red-tie businessman says: "Just one monster."
Red-tie businessman says: "We do."
The businessmen run off.
Jake says: "Right."
Jake says: "We'll just save our strength for the big adventures, then."
Finn and Jake sit back down on their couch and relax.
Jake says: "Ahh."
Jake says: "Nice call, dude."
Finn says: "Imagine how awesome the adventure's going to be when it's time for us to go out there."
Jake says: "I'm too tired to imagine stuff, but I bet you're right."
Finn says: "To being great adventurers!"
Jake says: "To being great adventurers!"
They both begin eating ice cream; time passes and shows that they have empty tubs and ice cream all over their faces. They are even fatter, and Finn's gut is now visible outside his shirt.
Finn and Jake both groan and waiver until they fall over.
Finn says: "Oh, gosh."
A voice in the distance says: "Help us!"
Finn says: "Huh?"
Finn says: "Jake!"
Finn says: "Did you hear that?"
Jake says: "Yeah."
Jake says: "Let the businessmen handle it."
A voice in the distance says: "Help!"
A voice in the distance says: "Please!"
Finn says: "I heard it again."
Jake says: "businessmen, dude."
A voice in the distance says: "Heeeeeelp!"
Finn walks over to the window and gasps, seeing the businessmen in a large robot, sucking up Fuzzy Friends into a container.
Red-tie businessman says: "Woo-hoo!"
Red-tie businessman says: "Woo!"
Finn says: "Jake!"
Finn says: "We messed up!"
Finn says: "The businessmen have gone bat-crazy, dude!"
Jake says: "Man, just let the businessmen handle it."
Finn says: "THE BUSINESSMEN ARE THE PROBLEM, you lazy plug-hole!"
Jake says: "Huh?"
Finn says: "Guys!"
Finn begins to climb out the window and down to the bottom of the Tree Fort.
Finn says: "Guys, stop it!"
Finn says: "Stop it, guys!"
Red-tie businessman says: "Stop what, boss?"
Finn says: "You're jacking up those Fuzzy Friends!"
Red-tie businessman says: "But..."
Red-tie businessman says: "We're being heroes."
Red-tie businessman says: "Like you, boss."
Red-tie businessman says: "We're protecting them."
Red-tie businessman says: "Collecting them in our care-sack so they cannot be hurt."
Red-tie businessman says: "It's the most efficient way to save people."
Finn says: "But you're making them unhappy!"
Red-tie businessman says: "Irrelevant!"
Red-tie businessman says: "These people are in our care-sack."
Red-tie businessman says: "Their happiness is not priority."
Finn says: "I am your boss!"
Finn says: "And you guys are all fired!"
The businessmen begin to murmur to each other.
Red-tie businessman says: "Fi-red?"
The businessmen shout angrily and start sucking up the Fuzzy Friends even faster than before.
They move their robot and it crushes one of the Fuzzy Friends.
Finn says: "Nooo!"
Finn says: "Alright, guys."
Finn says: "Now I've gotta take you down..."
Finn says: "Finn style."
Finn runs over to kick their robot, and gets sucked up into the care-sack.
Finn says: "I'm kicking your care-sack, dudes!"
Jake says: "Finn?"
Jake says: "Whoa..."
Jake says: "Crud."
Jake squeezes his enormous gut out the window.
Jake says: "I'm comin' buddy!"
Jake flops onto the ground, still holding a tub of ice cream.
Jake says: "Ahh."
Jake says: "I'm so fat, dude; I don't know what to do."
Finn says: "That's it!"
Finn says: "Jake!"
Finn says: "Demoralize them!"
Jake says: "What?"
Jake says: "Why?"
Finn says: "Do it, man!"
Finn says: "I have a legit plan!"
Jake says: "Ok, Alright."
Jake says: "Hey!"
Jake says: "You guys are horrible at business!"
The businessmen lash about angrily and try to suck Jake up into their care-sack, but he's too fat to fit.
Jake says: "Huh?"
Jake says: "They're sucking me up, dude!"
Finn says: "Now, eat that ice cream some more to become fatter, while also using your Stretchy Powers to grow huge!"
Jake chows down on the ice cream and starts getting bigger.
Jake says: "Ok!"
Jake uses his Stretchy Powers as he gets pulled into the robot.
Jake says: "This sucks."
Finn says: "Yeah, dude!"
Finn says: "Keep growin'!"
Finn says: "You're breaking apart their robot!"
The robot begins to shake violently, the businessmen scream.
Jake says: "Oh no!"
The robot explodes and Finn, Jake and the businessmen go flying into the air.
Red-tie businessman says: "I'm going to kill you, not-boss!"
Finn says: "Wait, man!"
Finn says: "Wait!"
Finn says: "I wanna re-hire you guys!"
Red-tie businessman says: "Re-hire?"
Red-tie businessman says: "Really?"
Finn says: "Yeah, mans."
Businessmen says: "Woo hoo!"
As they all fall back to the ground, the businessmen and Finn grasp hands and form a five-point star.
The scene changes to a beach, where Finn, Jake and the Fuzzy Friends are waving towards the water.
Fuzzy Friends says: "Yay!"
Fuzzy Friends says: "Hip-hip hooray!"
Fuzzy Friends says: "Pancakes!"
The businessmen are once again frozen in an iceberg and float back out to the middle of the lake.
Jake says: "So, wait..."
Jake says: "What'd you hire them to do?"
Finn says: "I hired them to stuff themselves in that iceberg and get outta here."
Jake says: "I'm gonna miss 'em."
Jake says: "And I'm gonna miss this gut."
Jake uses his Stretchy Powers to return to his normal size.
Finn says: "I'm gonna miss my gut too."
Finn strains and attempts to suck in his gut like Jake, but it doesn't disappear.
Finn says: "Huh?"
Finn says: "Aww..."
The episode ends with a stark close-up of Finn's frowning face with "The End" on it.