Finn and Jake are playing with cats who are pretending to push shopping carts in the Candy Kingdom while Princess Bubblegum looks at them.
Finn says: "SLAM!"
Finn and Jake start laughing. Scene changes to Jake's cat sitting at a desk. Finn makes his cat wipe all of the stuff of the cat's desk.
Jake says: "Hey!"
Jake says: "I was trying to read that!"
Finn says: "That book is above your level."
Scene changes to Finn and Jake standing up with the cats in business suits.
Jake says: "What business are you into?"
Finn says: "None of your business!"
Jake says: "Talk about it over lunch?"
Finn says: "Heh, if you're buying."
Scene changes to Finn and Jake holding their cats at a table with glasses of juice on top of it. Finn makes his cat knock some glasses over. Finn makes his cat splash in the juice spilled over.
Jake says: "Hey!"
Finn says: "Hey!"
Finn says: "Fight!"
Jake says: "Fight!"
They get up and pace around each other and make their cats pretend fight. Princess Bubblegum walks over. Right then, LSP breaks in.
LSP says: "Ahh!"
LSP says: "it's terrible!"
Finn says: "Lumpy Space Princess!"
Jake says: "Lumpy Space Princess!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Lumpy Space Princess!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Whats wrong?!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "!"
LSP says: "You guys!"
LSP says: "Somebody stole something from me!"
LSP says: "Something I can't live without!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I'll get something to calm her down."
LSP says: "I've been robbed!"
LSP says: "I've been robbed!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Out of the way!"
Princess Bubblegum runs into scene with a huge needle, charging at LSP and yelling.
Princess Bubblegum says: "I need help!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Can you guys hold her down?"
Finn and Jake rush over and try to hold LSP down.
LSP says: "Do something!"
LSP says: "I've been- ooh!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oops."
Finn says: "LSP!"
Finn says: "Who robbed you?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I think I gave her too much."
Finn and Jake face each other and have a quiet conversation.
Finn says: "Jake."
Finn says: "A crime has been committed."
Finn says: "We must find the criminal."
Jake says: "We must."
Finn says: "And retrieve whatever it is that was stolen from Lumpy Space Princess."
Finn walks over to where LSP is lying down unconscious. He tries to use Jake as a magnifying glass.
Finn says: "Clues, clues, clues."
Finn says: "What's that?"
Finn says: "I can't see it."
Jake says: "Oop, sorry."
Jake says: "Aah!"
Finn says: "There's something in her hand!"
Finn says: "A key!"
Finn says: "A key to..."
Finn says: "what?"
Finn says: "Three zero three."
Finn says: "Hmm."
Finn turns the key around.
Finn says: "Ah!"
Finn says: "Looks like we've got our first lead!"
Scene changes to inside of The Coolest Hotel. Finn looks at a door marked '303' while Jake looks around in the hallway. Finn puts the key in the lock of the door and lightly pushes in the door before closing it and kicking it down again. He puts his hands in a gun-like position. They both walk inside. Inside is a purple room, worn down and littered with garbage. They both investigate the room. Finn searches using a flashlight, and Jake looks through stuff in the room.
Finn says: "Hmm."
Finn says: "Find anything, Jake?"
Jake says: "more bags."
Jake says: "But no leads on Pete something."
Finn says: "Start marking evidence."
BMO gets out of Finn's backpack and starts drawing lines around things inside the room and marking them with little flags. Jake is then shown shaking a potato chips bag. He finds some crumbs and eats them.
Jake says: "Hmm."
Finn opens the curtains in the room, and looks over Candy Kingdom. He spots a drugstore.
Finn says: "Hmm."
BMO says: "Hmm."
Finn says: "Is this blood?"
Jake turns into a magnifying glass and looks at the "blood.".
Jake says: "Yeah man, that's definitely blood."
Finn says: "Hmm."
Finn says: "LSP's injuries were 100 percent emotional."
Finn says: "So it has to belong to Pete Sa-something."
Finn says: "BMO, take a sample and do a full blood analysis."
Finn says: "Hey, if that guy cut himself during the robbery, he might have gone somewhere to buy a mini adhesive bandage."
Finn says: "There's a drugstore across the street!"
Finn says: "Woah!"
Jake turns into a police car and drives himself out the window. He lands in front of the drugstore. He parks himself while making car noises. The scene changes inside the drug store where Ann is talking to a customer.
Ann says: "And if the oozing persists, just come back  and I'll give you something a little stronger."
Jake says: "Hello, citizen."
Jake says: "Had anyone in here looking to buy some mini adhesive bandages today?"
Ann says: "A lot of people come through my store, gentlemen."
Ann says: "You can't seriously think I'd be able to remember any one particular customer among the countless others I see on a daily basis, now, can you?"
Finn says: "I guess not."
Finn says: "Fair dues."
Finn says: "C'mon, Jake."
Ann says: "He didn't buy it though."
Finn says: "Ma'am, can you give us a name?"
Ann says: "Mmm, nope."
Ann says: "No wait, yes I can."
Ann says: "Pete Sassafras."
Finn and Jake look at each other with surprised looks. A transparent LSP flies across the screen from earlier saying, "Pete...sa...sass...as...".
Finn says: "Did you catch which way he was going?"
Ann says: "Of course!"
Ann says: "He said he was catching a train at 11:27, Candy Kingdom Station, Platform 5."
Ann says: "Heh."
Ann says: "Sorry, I wish I could remember more."
Scene switches to Candy Kingdom Station, where Finn is looking through binoculars to try and find Pete Sassafras.
Jake says: "See anyone who might be our guy?"
Finn says: "What the-?!"
Finn says: "!"
Finn says: "Jake!"
Finn says: "What's with all the turning into stuff today?"
Jake says: "I really like turnin' into cop stuff."
Jake says: "I literally can't stop turning into cop stuff."
Jake says: "I see a nasty tranch!"
Finn says: "Let's book him, son."
Finn and Jake run after the man, apologizing to disgruntled people as they run past them at the train station. Scene changes to show the man almost walk onto the train. Scene switches again to Finn and Jake jumping over the turnstyles.
Finn says: "Stop right there!"
Blueberry Cop 1 says: "Busted!"
Blueberry Cop 1 says: "For attempting to board a train without a ticket."
The train whistles just as the man gets on board. Finn and Jake look on in horror. The train drives by them, leaving them in Candy Kingdom.
Finn says: "Oh, guys, he's getting away!"
Jake says: "We're not criminals, man!"
Jake says: "We're working the beat, just like you!"
Blueberry Cop 1 says: "Jimmy?"
Blueberry Cop 2 says: "Yup."
Blueberry Cop 2 says: "Checks out."
Blueberry Cop 2 says: "He tastes like police."
Blueberry Cop 1 says: "Sorry about that, officers, it was an honest mistake."
Finn says: "Ugh."
Finn says: "We lost him."
Jake says: "Not yet we didn't!"
Finn says: "Ugh!"
Finn says: "It's too far ahead!"
Finn says: "We'll never catch it."
Jake says: "If we cut through the forest, maybe we can head it off at the pass."
Finn says: "Sweet thinkin'."
Jake steers off the railroad and into a forest. Finn pretends to be driving strenuously. The run into a lake and a herd of deer, sending the deer flying. Scene changes so we see the train exiting a tunnel. The forest is above the tunnel, and Finn and Jake drive out over the train passing under.
Finn says: "Yeah!"
Jake says: "Yeah!"
Scene changes to inside of the train. Finn and Jake enter through the back door's window and run to the shady man they saw earlier. Finn has his hands in a gun-like position.
Finn says: "Are you Pete Sassafras?"
Pete Sassafras says: "Wha-?"
Pete Sassafras says: "Uh, I got a lot of names."
Pete Sassafras says: "Who's askin'?"
Jake says: "Give back what you stole from LSP!"
Pete Sassafras says: "Who?"
Pete Sassafras says: "What's that, an acronym or somethin'?"
Jake punches Pete as Finn shakes his head.
Finn says: "Cuff 'em."
Jake says: "Ehh, I got this."
Jake says: "busted."
We see Pete on his seat in the train. The scene behind him morphs into a jail cell as cell bars fall in front of him.
Pete Sassafras says: "Alright, you listen, flatfoot."
Pete Sassafras says: "There's been some kind of crazy mistake here."
Pete Sassafras says: "I didn't do nothin'!"
Jake says: "Save it for the candy judge, Pete."
Finn says: "Look, you can cut the act and drop the sass, Sassafras."
Finn says: "We've got an eye-witness and your blood at the scene of the crime."
Jake says: "You do the crime, you do the time, man!"
Finn says: "Roll the dice, you pay the price."
Pete Sassafras says: "What dice?"
Pete Sassafras says: "Oh, you guys are donkers."
Jake says: "Burgle our friend, it's the end."
Jake says: "For you!"
Pete Sassafras says: "I wanna see a lawyer."
A lawyer suddenly appears behind Pete Sassafras. Everything he's wearing and even his body parts and hair are yellow-orange. He coughs 'A-hem!' and walks forward. He puts his arm around Pete Sassafras.
Lawyer says: "I'll handle this, Pete."
Lawyer says: "You're upsetting my client."
Lawyer says: "Just look at that face."
Lawyer says: "That constitutes harassment, so give him some space."
Lawyer says: "Don't worry buddy, I got this case."
Finn and Jake start laughing. The scene pans back and we can see that the lawyer is part of Jake's arm. The "lawyer" starts laughing as well.
"Lawyer" says: "Welcome to the next twenty-five years of your life."
Finn says: "We deserve donuts."
Jake says: "Let's ball."
Pete Sassafras says: "No, wait, please!"
Pete Sassafras says: "You guys!"
Finn and Jake exit the door, but then Jake puts the lawyer back through the door.
"Lawyer" says: "Guilty!"
Scene changes to a donuts shop. Jake has morphed into a car, parked out front. Finn exits the shop with donuts and coffees in his arms.
Finn says: "Man, we didn't just crack that case, we crunched it!"
Finn says: "Crumbled it!"
Jake says: "We are awesome at being cops!"
Jake says: "No question about that."
Finn says: "Call me crazy, but I was thinking maybe we should actually become detectives."
Finn says: "Like, as a job!"
Finn says: "When we were out on the streets back there, getting those leads, busting that perp, it just felt so..."
Finn says: "I don't know..."
Finn says: "right."
Jake says: "I know, man."
Jake says: "I actually totally do know exactly what you mean."
Jake says: "I told you: I have a problem."
Jake says: "I can't stop!"
BMO says: "Howdy, partner."
Finn says: "Oh hey, BMO."
Finn says: "What's going on?"
BMO says: "I finished processing the blood sample."
BMO says: "And I have the result."
Finn says: "Nice!"
Jake says: "Yeah, good work, BMO!"
Finn says: "It's Pete Sassafras's blood, right?"
BMO says: "No."
BMO says: "It doesn't belong to anyone because it's not blood."
BMO says: "It's tomato sauce."
Finn drops Jake.
Jake says: "Tomato sauce?"
Finn says: "Hmm..."
Finn says: "Oh my mind!"
Finn says: "LSP wasn't trying to say "Pete Sa-something"; she was trying to say "Pizza something!"
Jake says: "But how would pizza sauce end up in a hotel room?"
Finn says: "Unless it was delivered."
Scene changes and shows Finn and Jake running through a forest. The camera shows their destination as they both say it's name.
Finn says: "Pizza Sassy's!"
Jake says: "Pizza Sassy's!"
Finn and Jake walk in.
Finn says: "Where's the delivery guy?!"
Finn says: "!"
Man behind the counter says: "Oh, you mean Petey."
Man behind the counter says: "He's out."
Man behind the counter says: "He's makin' deliveries."
Finn and Jake step back.
Jake says: "Or maybe he's out tying up loose ends!"
Finn says: "LSP could be in danger!"
Jake says: "Danger!"
Finn says: "Phone?"
Man behind the counter says: "Phone."
Finn says: "Princess!"
Finn says: "Have some Banana Guards outside of LSP's hospital room!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Huh?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Why?"
Finn says: "LSP could be in danger!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "LSP woke up and went back to her hotel room."
Finn says: "OH MY JAM!!!"
Scene changes to outside of The Coolest Hotel. A pizza delivery guy's car is parked out front.
Finn says: "He's already here!"
Jake says: "He's already here!"
Scene changes to inside the front desk.
Woman behind counter says: "Can I help you?"
LSP says: "It was you!"
LSP says: "You did it!"
Petey says: "Help me!"
Petey says: "I was just delivering the pizzas she ordered."
Petey says: "And now she won't let me leave."
Finn says: "LSP, what is going on?"
Finn says: "You said he stole something from you."
LSP says: "He did!"
LSP says: "He stole..."
LSP says: "my heart!"
Petey looks up as Finn and Jake motion him to run away.
Finn says: "Hurry up, dude!"
Jake says: "Shh!"
Finn says: "Right."
They help Petey out from under LSP while she sobs.
Petey says: "Thanks!"
Finn says: "Shh."
Finn says: "Go, go!"
Petey says: "Yeah, no tip, huh?"
Petey says: "That's great."
Petey says: "That's how it is, around here."
Petey says: "Fine."
Jake says: "Huh, huh?"
Jake says: "Come on pal."
Jake says: "Turns out the only case here is just another case of LSP being nutty!"
Jake drives out of the already broken window.
Episode ends.