Peppermint Butler says: "I probably will die if I see him in person."
Someone knocks on the door. Peppermint Butler opens it.
Peppermint Butler says: "Hello?"
Jake says: "Yo, yo, yo, yo!"
Jake says: "Bubblegum sent me for the bucket."
Peppermint Butler says: "Dozo."
Jake says: "Merci and adios."
Peppermint Butler says: "Wait!"
Peppermint Butler says: "Uh..."
Peppermint Butler says: "how's it going?"
Jake says: "It's good, you know?"
Jake says: "Uh, Marceline's got all her powers back."
Jake says: "She's getting ready to give the Vampire King a big, fat whompin', uh, I hope."
Peppermint Butler says: "Um, while that's going down, do you think you could ask the V."
Peppermint Butler says: "K."
Peppermint Butler says: "to sign something for me?"
Jake says: "That would be weird."
Jake says: "You're weird."
Peppermint Butler slams the door.
Cut to Princess Bubblegum and Marceline jumping jacks. Princess Bubblegum counts in German while Finn is making stakes from a branch.  He starts singing Bacon Pancakes Stakes ver.
Marceline says: "I dreamed about you while I was in my poison coma."
Marceline says: "I was old and withered, and you were still nice and pink."
Princess Bubblegum says: "You think I'm nice?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, brains!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I lost count."
Marceline says: "That's okay."
Marceline says: "I'm done with bat jacks."
Marceline says: "I have this weird feeling in my tums."
Princess Bubblegum says: "'Cause you're scared of The Vampire King?"
Marceline says: "No, it's not fear."
Marceline says: "I know what that feels like."
Marceline says: "So, maybe it's..."
Marceline says: "love?"
Marceline says: "Oh!"
Marceline says: "What is it?!"
Marceline says: "!"
Marceline says: "Oh, yeah."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I arranged a snacky-snack for the team."
Jake says: "I love you, Bonnibel."
Marceline says: "Yeah, me too, Bonnibel."
Marceline says: "Holy macaroni!"
Marceline says: "Can we do this all the time?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Later, we can, all the time."
Princess Bubblegum says: "But, for now-now, we got to get our plan together."
Jake says: "I like this plan!"
Jake says: "It's got good bones!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Well, the devil's in the details."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Like, how do we even find him?"
Vampire King says: "I come to you!"
Marceline says: "Vampire King!"
Vampire King says: "In the flesh!"
Marceline says: "Not for long, sucker!"
Vampire King says: "Whoa!"
Vampire King says: "I just want to talk."
Jake says: "Oh really!"
Jake says: "Why don't you step inside for a nice chat?"
Vampire King says: "No, thank you."
Marceline hisses and turns invisible, going at the Vampire King with a still-visible stake. He sees the stake and stops her, crushing the stake with his powers.
Vampire King says: "Just hear me out, Marceline."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hear this!"
Marceline says: "Ouch!"
Finn says: "YAHHH!"
Finn says: "Shoot."
The Vampire King frowns at Finn.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Sorry."
PB and Marceline look up to see the Vampire King holding Finn by the head, who has no hat on. He is struggling to escape.
Vampire King says: "Stay calm, and nobody gets hurt."
Vampire King says: "I know what you must think of me, and you'd be right."
PB immediately shoots her stake gun at the King, who catches it in his hand.
Finn says: "Roll out!"
Finn says: "ACTIVATE!"
Nothing happens.
Finn says: "You gonna help, or what?"
Vampire King says: "Let me finish my thought."
Finn says: "Okay, go ahead."
Vampire King says: "This is the old way."
Vampire King says: "Agents of darkness and light in a tug-of-war."
Vampire King says: "But now, a creature can step out of that struggle."
Vampire King says: "In this age, why would I want to be the Vampire King anymore?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I don't know, why would you?"
Vampire King says: "I wouldn't."
Vampire King says: "I submit."
Vampire King says: "Take the vampire essence from my blood."
Vampire King says: "Free me from the shackles of my station."
Marceline says: "FINN!"
Marceline says: "What the heck?!"
Marceline says: "!"
Finn says: "It's against my code to strike a foe who's raised his bottom to the sky."
Finn says: "The Enchiridion explicitly states so."
Marceline says: "Dem are your rules."
Finn says: "Dem a good rule dhough."
Marceline says: "Outta my way!"
Finn says: "Ep, ep, ep, ep, ep!"
Finn says: "Look."
Finn says: "Look at these babies."
Finn says: "These pleadin' puppies."
Marcy shoves Finn out of the way and attacks, but the Vampire King grabs her and they fly into the sky.
Finn says: "Whoops."
Finn says: "Shoulda staked him."
The Vampire King and Marceline are struggling with each other as they rise higher into the air. They separate and face each other.
Vampire King says: "How many times do you wanna do this, Marceline?"
Vampire King says: "Our lives have magnetized."
Vampire King says: "We're in a negative loop."
Vampire King says: "But we can change our outcome this time!"
Marceline says: "I like the outcome where you get staked!"
Vampire King says: "And you become a vampire?"
Marcy snarls, but changes back into her regular form.
Vampire King says: "Marceline."
Vampire King says: "I know I was ruthless in the past."
Vampire King says: "But tell me, what's the one thing you've noticed about the world, since you beat me all those hundreds of years ago?"
Marceline says: "Everything repeats over and over again."
Marceline says: "No one learns anything, 'cause no one lives long enough to see the pattern, I guess."
Vampire King says: "But you've lived long enough."
Marceline says: "I know."
Marceline says: "Duh."
Vampire King says: "And you still think this is the right way?"
Vampire King says: "Fighting me?"
Marceline says: "The other way's like a black hole; an unknown."
Marceline says: "No witches."
Marceline says: "Okay, dag!"
Marceline says: "We'll take your stupid thing out!"
Vampire King says: "My what?"
Marceline says: "Your dang vamp juice, come on!"
Vampire King says: "Cool."
Marceline sighs with exasperation.
Back on the ground, Jake has shifted into a catapult and is ready to fire Finn into the air.
Finn says: "Let 'er rip!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Wait!"
It's too late, Jake sends Finn flying into the air, screaming.
Jake says: "Whoops."
Marceline says: "Truce, you guys."
Vampire King says: "No funny business."
Princess Bubblegum says: "No funny business us, or you?"
Marceline says: "Him."
Jake says: "What happened to your pants?"
Jake says: "Hold that thought!"
Finn says: "Finish him!"
Marceline says: "Finn, you can stop."
Finn says: "Oh, okay, now we're stopping."
Finn says: "Sorry, dude."
Vampire King says: "See?"
Vampire King says: "No funny business."
Finn says: "Hey, Jake."
Jake says: "What?"
Finn says: ""PB says she's gonna set her vampire sucking machine to full blast if he tries anything funny."
Jake says: ""What does full blast even mean?"
Finn says: ""I guess it means he'll explode to dust."
Jake says: ""Well, what do you want to eat later?"
Princess Bubblegum says: ""Hey guys!"
Finn says: ""What?"
Jake says: ""What?"
Princess Bubblegum says: ""Mouth fart code is for emergencies only."
Finn says: ""Sorry!"
Peppermint Butler says: "Be cool."
Peppermint Butler says: "Be like, 'How's it going, VK?"
Peppermint Butler says: "I'm Peppermint B and I know all about you!"
Peppermint Butler says: "' No, that sounds lame."
Peppermint Butler says: "'Yo, V."
Peppermint Butler says: "K."
Peppermint Butler says: ", sign my book, jerk!"
Peppermint Butler says: "' No..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "We're home!"
Peppbut gasps as everyone walks in.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Is the lab ready?"
Vampire King says: "Hey."
Peppermint Butler says: "AAHHH!"
Peppermint Butler says: "SAY SOMETHING; ASK HIM TO SIGN THE BOOK!"
Peppermint Butler says: "Wait!"
Peppermint Butler says: "Just a sec!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Sorry."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Too late."
Pepbut gives a disappointed sigh.
Vampire King says: "Hey."
Vampire King says: "Peppermint Butler."
Vampire King says: "I can hear your brains."
Vampire King says: "Look inside your book."
Peppermint Butler opens his book.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Okay, shields down, everybody!"
Peppermint Butler says: "A psychic autograph!"
Peppermint Butler says: "Thank you, your darkness."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Here we go."
Princess Bubblegum says: "His vampire essence is now completely drained."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Well, let's see what we've got left."
PB opens the hatch to reveal a very normal cow and a normal lion that used to be the Vampire King.
Marceline says: "Kitty!"
Jake says: "Best makeover ever!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hey Pep."
Peppermint Butler says: "M'lady?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Are you sure your peepers are all right?"
Peppermint Butler says: "My inner vision is extraordinarily developed."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Okay, great."
Princess Bubblegum says: "'Cause I need you to go to the secret catacombs and bury this nasty bucket of sludge in the deep-deep down."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Just be uber-duber careful not to drop it."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Pure vampire essence this powerful could kaboom reality off its whack."
Peppermint Butler says: "Don't drop the bucket."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Exactly."
Peppermint Butler says: "Will do."
Pepbut unknowingly steps on the lion's tail, which angers it and causes it to swipe at Pepbut, knocking the bucket out of his hands. PB catches it, but the lion rams into her. This causes the bucket to go flying. Pepbut yells in slow motion, grabs a baguette off of Marcy's table, and uses it to whack the bucket in the other direction before it hit the ground. It goes flying yet again. Pepbut chases it as PB, under the lion, yells. The bucket hits the ground next to the sleeping Jake, where it rolls to him, unscathed. Pepbut sighs with relief.
Jake says: "Mm..."
Jake says: "buckie..."
Peppermint Butler says: "Nooooooo!"
It's too late. The bucket violently explodes, smoke rising into the air in a mushroom cloud. The cloud begins to morph into something. PB lifts a emerges from the rubble and sees the dark cloud form the shape of a giagantic black lion. It roars.
Episode Ends.