Act I.
Outside a very tall Tree Fort, Shermy and Beth are lying on the grass and beatboxing.
Shermy says: "Haha, you're doing it wrong."
Shermy says: "Like this."
Beth says: "Shermy, this is silly as heck."
Beth says: "Beatboxing is for babies."
Shermy says: "No, it's not."
Shermy says: "I am a man."
Beth says: "I don't know about that, but you should start thinking about your future."
Shermy fakes a heart attack and falls on his back into the grass.
Shermy says: "What about you, Princess Zip?"
Shermy says: "What are your goals?"
Shermy says: "Ha!"
Shermy says: "Princess Zip's got a one-track mind!"
The ground starts to shake. A Prize Ball Guardian is seen in the distance guarded by a futuristic flying Banana Guard.
Shermy says: "Prize Ball Guardian's back!"
Princess Zip flies away in a hurry, shooting off into the distance, akin to a rocket.
Shermy says: "Let's get 'em!"
Shermy and Beth run closer to the Prize Ball Guardian.
Shermy says: "Get that boulder!"
Beth teleports the boulder closer to them using her bellybutton.
Shermy says: "Hup!"
Shermy says: "Whap!"
Shermy ties a rope between the boulder and a tree.
Shermy says: "Ha!"
Shermy says: "Here it comes!"
The Prize Ball Guardian walks between the tree and the boulder. Its foot gets stuck for a second, but the rope becomes untied and the Prize Ball Guardian keeps on walking.
Shermy says: "Boy!"
Shermy says: "My knots suck!"
The flying Banana Guard, grasping its weapon, turns around and faces Shermy.
Shermy says: "Yeah, I see you."
Beth says: "Hey, Sherm, you see this?"
Shermy says: "Nope."
Beth says: "It looks like the Guardian scuffed something up."
In the footprint left by the Prize Ball Guardian is an old metal prosthetic arm.
Shermy says: "Ohhh!"
Shermy says: "Whoa!"
Beth says: "It's beautiful!"
Beth says: "Let's take it home, and I'll learn about it with my brain."
Shermy says: "You and your brain!"
Scene cuts to Shermy and Beth walking into a cave and entering their house.
Shermy says: "♪ "On a tropical island, on a tropical island..."
Shermy says: "It looks so old, Beth!"
Shermy says: "Whose do you think it is..."
Shermy says: "or was?"
Beth says: "There's no markings on it or anything."
Beth says: "I think we should find the King of Ooo and ask him."
Shermy says: "What?"
Shermy says: "Beth, the King of Ooo is just a myth..."
Shermy says: "Come on, Beth!"
Shermy says: "Nooooo!"
Shermy says: "Not the library!"
Shermy says: "You can't make me!"
Beth says: "Shermy, I have the book here."
Beth says: "Already checked it out."
Shermy says: "Oh."
Beth says: "He's supposed to have lived in a cave at the top of Mount Cragdor."
Shermy says: "Really?"
Beth says: "Uh-huh..."
Beth says: "He's supposed to have lived forever."
Scene cuts to Shermy and Beth walking up a mountain.
Shermy says: "Come on, Beth!"
Shermy says: "Come on, come on, come on!"
Shermy jumps into Beth's bellybutton, teleporting him farther up the path.
Shermy says: "Come on, Beth!"
Shermy says: "Come on, come on, come on!"
They reach the top of the mountain.
Shermy says: "I did it."
Shermy says: "I found him!"
Shermy says: "The King of Ooo."
BMO says: "Welcome, friends, I've been expecting you."
BMO says: "Because of my proximity radar."
BMO says: "Hehehe..."
BMO says: "Come on inside."
Shermy says: "Wow!"
Shermy says: "King of Ooo, you must be rich!"
BMO says: "Yeah, that's me alright."
BMO says: "I'm sure you are very thirsty after your journ..."
Shermy says: "Whoops..."
Shermy says: "This place is wild."
Shermy says: "Huh?"
Shermy says: "This is crazy!"
BMO says: "Please be careful with..."
Beth says: "Sorry, sir..."
Beth says: "My big feet."
Shermy says: "Hey, Beth, look."
Beth says: "Shermy..."
Shermy says: "I-I think it's okay..."
Beth says: "Be careful..."
Beth says: "This stuff isn't ours."
Beth says: "Woops."
Beth says: "Oh..."
BMO says: "Well, goodbye!"
Beth says: "Oh, no, no..."
BMO says: "Have fun on the other side of this door."
Beth says: "But..."
Beth says: "We came here to ask about something."
BMO says: "No, don't worry about it."
BMO says: "Please leav..."
Beth says: "Do you recognize it?"
BMO says: "Yeah..."
BMO says: "It belonged to my best friend."
BMO says: "Fred!"
Shermy says: "Fred!"
BMO says: "No..."
BMO says: "Not Fred..."
BMO says: "His name was, Phil!"
BMO says: "He was an amazing hero, and he was there at the end."
BMO says: "Do you know about The Great Gumwar?"
Shermy says: "Mnm-mnm."
BMO says: "Well, get ready to have your hair blown back!"
Flashback to Finn and Jake, sitting atop of a cliff. Finn stares at King man, Betty and Maja who are on top of a flying carpet.
Finn says: "Hey, there it is again!"
Finn says: "It's close."
Jake says: "Let me see!"
Finn says: "Maja?"
Jake says: "Come on!"
Jake says: "Let me-  Maja's got smoke coming off her."
Finn says: "You think they're with the Gumbaldians?"
Jake says: "I don't know, but they're flippin' freakin' me out."
Jake says: "Guess we better tell PB, huh?"
Finn says: "Yeah, I guess."
Jake says: "Hey man, don't even worry about all this war stuff."
Jake says: "I know we'll find a way to fix this thing."
Jake says: "Come on!"
Jake says: "You'll see."
BMO says: "And so the Princess was mother to her own uncle, and that made him mad."
BMO says: "But she had friends, and he had friends, so they decided to have a bad fight - the biggest fight that Ooo had ever seen."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Then it's settled."
Duke of Nuts says: "Um, excuse me?"
Duke of Nuts says: "Excuse me."
Duke of Nuts says: "Princess, if I may."
Duke of Nuts says: "I think I have a plan that'll put an end to all this tonight."
Duke of Nuts says: "I just need a Bowie knife, a snowmobile, a parachute,  rubber gloves, and, uh..."
Lemongrab says: "Terrible, mm!"
Lemongrab says: "Terrible plan!"
Lemongrab says: "..."
Lemongrab says: "Mm!"
Lemongrab says: "No!"
Lemongrab says: "My plan!"
Lemongrab says: "Hot air balloon!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hey!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Now's not the time."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Unless we win this fight today, we all get to take a nice Pep-Butt-style sponge bath in Uncle Gumbald's extra-strength lobotomy sauce, understand?"
Lemongrab says: "No."
Duke of Nuts says: "Not really."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Well I do, so we're doing this my way."
Finn says: "Um, PB?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn, you're back."
Princess Bubblegum says: "How goes the scouting?"
Jake says: "We saw Normal Man and Betty flying around with Maja, and they were chanting."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hmm, very peculiar."
Finn says: "Hey, maybe this is, like, a bad omen."
Finn says: "Like, to see the King of Mars, um, up among the stars?"
Finn says: "It's like a bad omen, and you should call off the battle."
Finn says: "I think I heard that somewhere..."
Some beeps catch Finn and Princess Bubblegum's attention. A cake person, outside their tent, is spying them with a camera.
Camera says: "Low battery."
Camera says: "Please connect to power..."
Huntress Wizard shoots an arrow near the cake person, and she grunts to him.
Cake Person says: "Long live Gumbaldia!"
The cake person runs away and Huntress Wizard chases after him. Soon, the cake person shrieks, terrifying Finn.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Stonk!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "That dang Gumbald just peeped all my tactics!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "He's left me no choice."
Princess Bubblegum says: "The attack begins now."
Cut to the tent where Gumbald, who is watching the recording, and his allies are.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Stonk!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "That dang Gumbald just peeped all my tactics!"
Gumbald says: "Well, that settles it then."
Gumbald says: "If we know, and she knows, and we know she knows we know - which we do - then we know we have no choice."
Gumbald says: "We must strike now."
Gumbald says: "Ladies and gentlemen, to war!"
It's dawn and Banana Guards are hurrying to the battlefield. Marceline descends from top and levitates in front of Princess Bubblegum, who is testing her war horn while walking, not noticed. She bumps into Marceline's feet, and she looks up at Marceline.
Marceline says: "A word?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "All right, just make it quick."
Princess Bubblegum says: "..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Please."
Marceline says: "Well, I know you're under a lot of pressure here, but I..."
Marceline says: "I just wanna ask you to reconsider."
Marceline says: "I mean, I don't like to flaunt my suffering cred, but I've lived through something like this once before, and..."
Marceline says: "I'm just not really tryin' to help start that all up again."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I understand, Marceline, I really do."
Princess Bubblegum says: "But I just can't see another way out of this."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Look, I've gotta go."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Let's talk more when this is all over."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Wish me luck, okay?"
Marceline says: "Good luck!"
Jake says: "What if PB's right about this?"
Jake says: "Maybe she'll just go whup Gumbald's rear, and then things'll go back to normal."
Finn says: "Nah, man, she's wrong."
Finn says: "This is all wrong."
Finn says: "Even if she wins now, this is never gonna end; I can feel it."
Finn says: "It's like the whole world's going crazy, man, like we're living in, one, big..."
Jake says: "Finn?"
Finn says: "..."
Finn says: "one big nightmare."
Sun rises; cuts to the troop of Banana Guards with Lumpy Space Princess before them.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Here we go."
Colonel Candy Corn says: "War!"
Colonel Candy Corn says: "War!"
Colonel Candy Corn says: "War!"
Colonel Candy Corn says: "War!"
Colonel Candy Corn says: "War!"
Colonel Candy Corn says: "War!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Banana Guard 500s, you're on!"
A nearby wooden crate collapses, revealing an armed and advanced Banana Guard inside.
Banana Guard 500 says: "Up we go."
Banana Guard 500 says: "In position, ma'am."
Banana Guard 500 says: "Code name, "Father's Brother", appears testy."
Gumbald says: "Is this a banana?"
Gumbald says: "Hey, niece!"
Gumbald tosses the lemon to the ground, blasting it with a giant laser beam with a candle, while other cake people around runs away before then when spotting this. Seeing this, Lemongrab, next to Princess Bubblegum, writes a note and pass it her.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yes?"
Finn says: "Wait!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "What!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Dang it, Finn!"
Finn says: "PB!"
Finn says: "He sees that you're serious!"
Finn says: "Maybe he'll back down now."
Finn says: "Please listen to me!"
Finn says: "We've been friends for a long time."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Okay, Finn."
Princess Bubblegum says: "We'll give him one last chance."
The Cake walks a few steps towards and stops.
Gumbald says: "What?"
Gumbald says: "Come on."
Finn says: "Here they come!"
Gumbald says: "Hurry this up."
Gumbald says: "I want a war."
Finn says: "Hey, Fern."
The Green Knight, with his grass armor popples, gives no response.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Uncle Gumbald, I demand that you de-escalate your forces now."
Gumbald says: "Listen to yourself."
Gumbald says: "You're a toddler, Bonnibel."
Princess Bubblegum says: "SURRENDER OR DIE!"
Gumbald says: "No!"
Jake says: "That's my cue!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "What?"
Jake says: "Hya-pow!"
The bottle shatters, and a light purple fog is unleashed, surrounding them and making them unconscious.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "They're dead!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "They're actually dead!"
Act II.
Cut to the unconscious world.
BMO says: "And so they were dead."
BMO says: "..."
BMO says: "No, not dead."
Princess Bubblegum says: "What is this place?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn?"
Finn says: "Last resort!"
Finn says: "Sorry, PB, but you were acting like total nuts out there."
Finn says: "Now you guys have to hash this out in the unconscious world."
Gumbald says: "This is..."
Gumbald says: "a dream?"
Jake says: "Yeah, man."
Jake says: "You can basically do anything in dreams."
Jake closes his eyes and a sandwich pops up in his right hand, and he starts to eat it. Seeing this, the Green Knight turns back into Fern.
Gumbald says: "Sneak attack!"
Gumbald says: "If we destroy them here, maybe they'll die in the real world."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Psst!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Not if I destroy you first!"
Finn says: "No!"
Finn says: "We need love, not war!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Good idea."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Love bazooka!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Put down your weapons, or I'll bazooka you!"
Gumbald says: "No!"
A nearby pot shakes and a singing poodle comes out, confusing Gumbald, Fern, and Princess Bubblegum.
Finn says: "Thank goodness for a singing pot beast to de-escalate the situation."
The poodle explodes into colorful light, birds and flowers, blinding the rest of people except Gumbald, who starts to run away.
Jake says: "Oh, this sandwich is way too much for me."
Jake says: "Jermaine always liked splitting sandwiches."
Jermaine says: "Mmm!"
Jermaine says: "Thanks, bro."
Gumbald says: "I'm gonna figure out how to wake myself up and take my revenge on you sleeping chumps!"
Fern says: "You're leaving me?"
Gumbald says: "You're on your own, kid."
Overwhelmed by being abandoned, Fern, staring forward, grows roots to the ground.
Princess Bubblegum says: "He's rooting into the ground."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Ready, aim..."
Finn says: "No!"
Finn says: "You're supposed to be having some kind of epiphany!"
Finn says: "Fern!"
Finn says: "Aah!"
Fern says: "I don't need your help."
Finn says: "Jake?"
Finn says: "Help me!"
Jake says: "I want to help you,  but I can't lose this job."
Jermaine says: "Waiter!"
Jermaine says: "Oh, waiter!"
Finn says: "Dude..."
Fern's cocoon breaks, Fern, now a pterodactyl-like monster, screeches and flies into the sky.
Fern says: "I'm going to fly around, and wreck things, until I feel better!"
Fern says: "Or until I tire myself out."
Finn says: "Peaceful thoughts..."
Finn says: "Fern!"
Jermaine says: "It all looks so good."
Jermaine says: "Bad bird!"
Jake says: "Everybody gets an evil doppelganger but me."
Jermaine says: "I'll be your evil doppelganger!"
Jake says: "Jermaine, you're the best!"
Jake and Jermaine run around happily; the scene changing into Princess Bubblegum chasing  a laughing Gumbald.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Enough, Gumbald!"
Gumbald says: "Pinch me, I want to wake up!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Gumbald!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "We're ending this here."
Gumbald says: "So be it."
Both Princess Bubblegum and Gumbald create a toothbrush, engaging in a duel; as they stops, both of them shocks glitchily. Cuts to Finn comforting Fern, who is still screeching.
Finn says: "If you could just calm down and be cool, it would be a great thing that there's two of us."
Fern loses his balance and starts to fall, turning back to original form and screaming, and Finn also turns back and fetches Fern on the ground.
Fern says: "Why don't you just fight me like a real butterfly!"
Fern says: "?"
Finn says: "We're two sides of the same coin!"
Fern says: "You'll never understand what it's like to be me."
Fern says: "I'm TORMENTED!"
Finn says: "I'm ALSO that sometimes!"
Fern says: "Prove it, or I'll never stop fighting you."
Jermaine says: "Oh geez, how's he gonna do that?"
Jake says: "Hmm?"
Jake says: "Finn, we'll be right back."
Finn says: "Okay- ah!"
Jake and Jermaine laugh and pass the door together. The screen goes black for few seconds and cuts to a nightmarish Gumbald's Cabin in night, with Princess Bubblegum and Gumbald randomly switching identity with each other.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Come on, little gum."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Don't run away from happiness!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I'm gonna fix you!"
Gumbald says: "No, no, no!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Just ONE drop."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Drip a drop, I drip a drop."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Not gonna stop, till I drip a drop."
Gumbald says: "Hmm?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Wuh-what?"
Gumbald says: "Call me..."
Gumbald says: "princess."
Candy Bonnibel seems not amused. The scene converts through a giant eye on the wall.
Jermaine says: "What are we looking for?"
Jake says: "Mm, I can't quite picture it."
Jake says: "But I'm pretty sure Finn buried it here."
Jermaine says: "..."
Jermaine says: "In the underground balloon mall."
Jermaine says: "Remember how much balloon animals used to cheer Finn up?"
Jake says: "Yeah..."
Lady Rainicorn says: "그래."
Jake says: "Huh?"
Lady, now as Jake's arms, is with him on the planet Ni'Rah, looking Jake.
Jake says: "Uh, Lady, where's Jermaine?"
Lady Rainicorn says: "쉿."
The portal opens, zooming to a small carton house with Jake's five pups sleeping inside.
Jake says: "Aww, sleepy puppies."
The pups wake up, staring Jake with blank, black eyes.
Jake says: "Yee!"
The pups ascend and turn into vampires, hissing.
Jake says: "And I'm done!"
Lady Rainicorn says: "걱정하지 마, 제이크!"
Lady Rainicorn says: "내가 처치할게!"
Jake says: "What?"
Jake says: "Oof!"
Lady is cooking Charlie, Viola, and Jake Jr. alive, with Kim Kil Whan as a hot dog and T.V. having a tomato stuck into his mouth.
Charlie says: "Your farts aren't funny, dad!"
Jake says: "NOOOOOO!!!"
Jake says: "Aargh!"
Jake says: "Nightmare fart!"
Candy Bonnibel opens her eyes, and Gumbald, now a princess, stands and ascends on a quickly growing Candy Tree. In a few seconds, Bonnibel can see the whole process of Gumbald's kingdom developing into a flourishing society, pretty identical to the Candy Kingdom.
Candy Bonnibel says: "It's beautiful..."
Candy Bonnibel stands in a street, still watching. A silhouette of Gumbald emerges, and the whole candy castle starts to melt down into pile of sticky waste, terrifies Candy People around.
Gumbald says: "No!"
Gumbald says: "Oh, why didn't I build an armature?"
Gumbald is entertained by the dance and laughs, but then he cries bitterly to the candy ruins and also melts. The light goes out.
Fern, as a green bear, growls at Finn.
Finn says: "Fern, come on!"
Finn says: "I'm not fighting you."
Finn turns into a blue bear to resist Fern's attack. Suddenly they stop and sniff.
Finn says: "Oh, what reeks?"
Fern says: "Oh, what reeks?"
Jake says: "Repressed memories!"
Finn says: "My vault!"
Fern says: "My vault!"
Finn says: "?"
Fern says: "?"
Jake says: "Proof!"
Some ghostly, glowing, green figure of their fears come out; Finn and Fern scream. As the figure becomes clear, they are a mix between Grass Demon with Martin Mertens, Princess Bubblegum, Susan Strong, and The Lich, in green flames.
Finn says: "See?"
Finn says: "this is our shared torment!"
The fears start to fly around like ghosts; Finn and Fern scream again as they revert to their humanoid form.
Fern says: "Dude, I blocked this stuff out for a reason!"
Finn says: "Well, now you know how I feel about knowing how you feel about!"
Fern says: "Okay, okay!"
Fern says: "Just make it stop!"
Finn says: "We gotta confront them head on!"
The fears retreat back into the vault. Inside, it goes dark again. A pair of blue round lights rotates and disappear; next, a silhouette of a trapped Finn with Grass Demon briefly appears; and finally, the eyes of the Grass Demon glow. Finn and Fern gasp.
Finn says: "Fern."
Finn says: "This is why I brought us here."
Finn says: "We can defeat him together."
Fern nods and they both jump into the vault.
Princess Bubblegum's voice says: "No fear."
Finn opens his eyes, seeing the Past Finn, in coma, suspended in the air by the web created by Grass Demon, which is now seizing him. Finn climbs up, pulling off the Grass Demon by force and falling to the ground.
Finn says: "So you're the nasty grass wad that's been holding my Finn boy hostage."
Grass Demon says: "Without me, he's got no body."
Grass Demon says: "So back off."
Finn says: "You sicken me."
Grass Demon shakes his tentacles, trying to escape, but he is held by Finn and then pierced by Past Finn with a chair. Two Finns high-five. Grass Demon dies and the whole grassy realm decomposes.
[The singing poodle flies in the sky says: "the Cosmic Owl."
holding a snake in the mouth says: "the Cosmic Owl."
turning back his true form says: "the Cosmic Owl."
Past Finn says: "I'm me again."
Past Finn says: "It feels like it's been years."
A small whale emerges, spit out mini Princess Bubblegum and Gumbald. Princess Bubblegum touches Past Finn's finger, but his finger start to slowly disintegrate. She gasps.
Past Finn says: "He was right."
Past Finn says: "I've got no body."
Jake says: "Ah, don't worry."
Jake says: "It's just a dream!"
Back to the reality, it turns out the whole nightmare takes place within seconds.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Never mind!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "They're okay!"
Finn says: "Fern!"
Finn says: "You really are disintegrating!"
Jake says: "My bad."
Gumbald says: "Bonnie, I..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I'm so sorry for what I put you through for all those centuries."
Princess Bubblegum says: "The Candy Kingdom was your dream, and I took it from you."
Gumbald says: "Bonnie, that means so much to me."
Gumbald says: "Come."
Gumbald says: "From now on, we'll live in peace."
Gumbald says: "Drat."
Princess Bubblegum says: "WHAT?!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "!"
Gumbald reverts back to the Punch Bowl again, laughing stupidly and running away.
Lolly says: "He never was the epiphany type."
Lolly says: "But I am willing to let bygones be bygones."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Very well."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Two Candy Kingdoms, it is!"
People from Both Sides says: "Hurray!"
BMO says: "And so, in the end, they decided not to have the big fight."
Beth says: "Oh!"
Beth says: "So you meant, like, the end of the war."
Beth says: "I thought you meant like the end of the world."
BMO says: "No, no, no."
BMO says: "That happened next."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "So I guess everyone's just going home, huh?"
Jake says: "Yep."
A hole appears in sky, throwing King Man, in flames, to the ground.
King Man says: "We donked up for real."
Everyone looks up and the hole enlarges. GOLB emerges and slowly descends.
Act III.
Finn says: "Jake..."
Finn says: "what am I lookin' at?"
Jake says: "Uh..."
Jake says: "we saved the day."
Jake says: "So, maybe that big baby's here to give us presents for doing a good job?"
Dark clouds cover up the sky of Land of Ooo.
Fern says: "Okay, I'm not an expert, but this seems bad."
Flame Princess says: "You ain't kiddin', shrubs."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Oh - no -!"
Marceline says: "Bonnie!"
Marceline says: "What did you do?!"
Marceline says: "!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "It wasn't me!"
Ice King says: "GOLB!"
Simon Petrikov says: "Look, Betty."
Simon Petrikov says: "I keep seeing reference to this mysterious entity that embodies chaos."
Betty Grof says: "That's great!"
Betty Grof says: "Come on, let's make sundaes."
Simon says: "GOLB would say ice cream is without meaning."
Simon says: "Just empty calories devoid of purpose."
Betty says: "Good thing he isn't here then."
Simon says: "His presence is felt in every crevice where chaos lurks."
Simon says: "Imagine if we could somehow harness all that dank energy..."
Simon says: "!"
Betty says: "Hey!"
Betty says: "You want some cherries with that chocolate syrup?"
Simon says: "Sure."
Betty says: "Catch!"
Simon and Betty are on a rushing ambulance.
Simon says: "Have you thought about using sliced almonds for the sundaes?"
Ice King says: "..."
Ice King says: "I don't know who that is!"
GOLB growls in a silent, deep voice. His mouth creates some glowing spiritual tentacles, which capture some Cake people to forge a screeching blue demon.
Lolly says: "Don't let it touch you!"
The demon captures some more Cake people with his tongue.
Candy Person says: "No, I'm a loner!"
Marceline says: "Peebs, this is the worst thing ever!"
Marceline says: "If somebody doesn't stop this, it could be the end of Ooo!"
GOLB inhales.
Princess Bubblegum says: "You're right, Marceline."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I gotta do something!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Banana guards!"
Banana Guard says: "Uh, no."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Obey my command!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Flee for your lives!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "If you fight, the demon will just add you to its mass!"
Banana Guard says: "Can we flee in a panic?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yes!"
All the Banana Guards run away in disorder, screaming.
Finn says: "FYI, Princess, I'm not going anywhere!"
Jake says: "I'm also staying."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Thanks, guys."
Marceline says: "I'm in, too."
Marceline says: "This is a war I have to fight."
Marceline says: "We all have to."
Fern says: "Me too!"
Fern says: "I'll defend Ooo down to my last blade."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Gumball guardians!"
Gumball Guardians says: "Yes, mom?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Stop that monster!"
Gumball Guardians says: "Okay."
Gumball Guardians says: "Gross."
Finn says: "Normal Man!"
Finn says: "Come on, wake up!"
King Man says: "Is that Ice King?"
Finn says: "How do we stop these guys?"
Finn says: "Come on, Jake."
Jake says: "H-H-H-Horse!"
Gumball Guardian #1 says: "Ugh!"
Gumball Guardian #1 says: "My balance!"
Jake says: "War is the worst, dude!"
Right after Jake runs away, a Gumball Guardian falls backwards and his head cracks, but still able to kick the demon away from him.
Princess Bubblegum says: "My guardian!"
King Man says: "Ice King!"
King Man says: "Ice King!"
Ice King says: "What's up?"
Jake says: "Ho-ho-ho."
Finn says: "How do I stop this!"
Finn says: "What?"
King Man says: "You are the only one who can stop this!"
King Man says: "Betty's up there, trying to harness the power of GOLB!"
King Man says: "We have to snap her out of that trance and banish GOLB, or we're all doomed!"
King Man says: "If anyone can do it, it's you."
Ice King says: "Sounds great!"
Ice King says: "Im'a save the world!"
Gumball Guardian #2 says: "Enemy threat restrained."
Princess Bubblegum says: "They got him!"
Gumball Guardian #2 says: "Help me, mom."
Gumball Guardian #2 says: "I'm turning nasty..."
The Gumball Guardian is turning into another GOLB's demon.
Banana Guards says: "Princess, we came back to help!"
Banana Guards says: "Eee!"
Banana Guards says: "Help us, princess!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Ugh!"
The Gumball Guardian creates a flock of monstrous birds, which starts to chase Ice King.
Ice King says: "Evil penguins!"
Jake says: "Don't worry, guys!"
Finn says: "Jake!"
Jake says: "I believe in you, Ice King!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "So this is it."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Oh tender lad!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I give you the parting gift of my lips."
Lemongrab says: "I find your proposal..."
Lemongrab says: "..."
Lemongrab says: "ACCEPTABLE!"
They kiss, and then Lumpy Space Princess' face shrinks backwards. Lemongrab screams.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "You're welcome."
Finn says: "Betty!"
Finn says: "You have to stop this!"
King Man says: "Go ahead."
King Man says: "Talk to her, IK."
Ice King says: "Who?"
Ice King says: "Oh, it's weird lady!"
Ice King says: "Hey, lady."
Ice King says: "..."
Ice King says: "I'm diggin' your primitive dance style!"
King Man says: "No!"
King Man says: "You're supposed to stop her, not encourage her!"
King Man says: "You gotta dig deep inside and find those magical words to shake her outta that trance!"
King Man says: "Get personal and emotional!"
Ice King says: "Personal?"
Ice King says: "Emotional?"
Ice King says: "Oh!"
Ice King says: "Just like a fan-fic!"
King Man says: "No!"
King Man says: "..."
Ice King starts to recite the verses of "Oh, Fionna", eventually allowing himself to enter Betty's Imagination Zone as Simon.
Ice King says: ""I feel like nothing was real until I met you."
Ice King says: "I feel like we connect."
Ice King says: "And I really get you."
Ice King says: "If I said 'You're a beautiful girl,  would it upset you?"
Ice King says: "The way you look tonight, silhouetted, I'll never forget it."
Betty says: "Simon..."
Ice King says: "♪ Oh, oh,  Fionna!"
Ice King says: "..."
Ice King says: "Your fist has touched my heart..."
Betty says: "What..."
Betty says: "You're trying to stop me!"
Betty says: "?"
Betty says: "When I'm this close to harnessing the most powerful force in the universe and finally saving you!"
Betty says: "?"
Ice King says: "Yeah, I guess."
Ice King says: "..."
Ice King says: "Right, Finn?"
Angered, Betty inhales and lets out a long, enraged scream out of annoyance. Her extreme temper flows to Maja through some glowing wires; Maja wakes up and gasps.
Maja says: "Finally!"
The explosion blasts Ice King and Betty right into the mouth of GOLB, which takes them in with its tongue.
Ice King says: "Ice King!"
Finn jumps on the carpet and follows them in. Just then, GOLB's mouth shuts and its teeth cut off Finn's bionic arm, which falls to the ground.
Flame Princess says: "Ugh!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "It's headed this way!"
Fern says: "I'll take down this beast!"
Fern says: "Fern's way!"
Marceline says: "Bonnie!"
Marceline hisses and transforms into a dark, cloudy vampire monster, roaring. While Princess Bubblegum is actually shielded, Marceline smashes the demon into pieces.
Cake Person says: "Thanks."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Marcy?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "..."
Marceline says: "You're okay!"
Marceline says: "You scared me."
Princess Bubblegum says: "What?"
Marceline says: "Even back when we weren't talking, I was so afraid something bad would happen to you, and I wouldn't be there to protect you."
Marceline says: "And..."
Marceline says: "I don't want to lose you again."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hey, I'm a tough gum."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Nothing never happening to me, never."
Marceline says: "I know, I..."
Marceline says: "Girl, you phrased that so weird."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I might have a concussion."
Marceline chuckles and they kiss each other.
Cake Person says: "Uh-oh."
Finn, Ice King, and Betty are in a red, cuboid room inside GOLB as they wake up.
Ice King says: "Owie!"
The rubies on Ice King's crown fade.
Betty says: "Simon, your crown!"
Ice King says: "What..."
Betty says: "Don't panic, but I think Golb is digesting us."
Betty says: "..."
Betty says: "down to our essential forms."
The room start to compress inward; Finn, Ice King and Betty yelp.
Finn says: "I'll get us outta here."
Ice King says: "Betty..."
Ice King says: "?"
Betty says: "It's good to see you, Simon."
Simon says: "It's good to be seen."
Finn says: "Hey, Ice Simon!"
Finn says: "Use the crown before we're totally crushed!"
Simon tries to yield ice magic but nothing happens.
Simon says: "It's not working!"
Simon says: "Yah!"
Simon says: "Finn, it's hopeless."
Simon says: "You can't punch your way out of his guts."
Outside, the Gumball Guardian snaps the head of The Cake and roars. Everyone else are exhausted by the battle. And GOLB's monster march away from the battlefield.
Jake says: "Finn!"
Jake says: "This is for you!"
Jake is soon smashed to the ground by the Gumball Guardian. He gets up, struggling in pain.
BMO says: "What's all the ruckus out there?"
BMO says: "Oh."
The Tree Fort is punched by the demon, collapsing. Jake stares this, gasping in a complete horror.
Act IV.
The monsters leave. Jake reaches the ruins, looking around with choked gasps, and then he shrinks himself on a broken clock.
Jake says: "Okay, bud."
BMO says: "It's okay, Jake."
BMO says: "You always try to protect me and Finn."
BMO says: "But sometimes we are going to get hurt."
BMO says: "How about today, you let me be the papa?"
BMO sings Time Adventure.
BMO says: "♪ "Time is an illusion that helps things make sense, so we are always living in the present tense."
BMO says: "It seems unforgiving when a good thing ends, but you and I will always be back then."
BMO says: "You and I will always be back then."
BMO says: "Singing will happen, happening, happened; will happen, happening, happened."
The demon tries to reach BMO but is rejected. It screeches.
BMO says: ""..."
BMO says: "you and I will always be back then."
The demon tries again but same thing happens.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Whoa."
Princess Bubblegum says: "What's up with him?"
BMO says: "You better hush up while my baby boy is sleeping!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Keep singing!"
BMO says: "Okay!"
BMO says: "happening, happened."
BMO says: "Will happen, happening, happened."
BMO says: "And we'll happen again and again, 'cause you and I will always be back then."
Marceline says: "Oh man!"
Marceline says: "He hates music!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Ugh, duh!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "GOLB is discord."
Princess Bubblegum says: "It's the harmony!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Harmony hurts them!"
BMO says: "My art is a weapon!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Everyone!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I need you all to harmonize along with BMO!"
BMO says: "I wrote this for my son, Jake!"
People join the sing-along one by one, paralyzing GOLB's monsters. Jake turns into a megaphone, creating a hole from GOLB's chest.
Marceline says: "I don't know if we can kill Golb with music, PB!"
Inside GOLB, Finn is still trying to smash the room open with the crown, screaming, but soon he tires himself out.
Finn says: "I always figured I'd go out saving somebody."
Simon says: "Hey, no one gets to choose how it happens."
Simon says: "The most important thing is that we're here together."
Finn says: "Oh-ho, it is Jake!"
Finn says: "Look, we can leave this way!"
Simon says: "Betty, we're saved!"
Betty says: "Go, there's something I have to do first."
Simon says: "What!"
Simon says: "?"
Betty says: "I figured out what's wrong with the crown."
Betty says: "It reset, just like us."
Betty says: "It's in its primal wishing form now."
Simon says: "Who cares!"
Simon says: "Leave it!"
Betty says: "This world will end unless GOLB is banished."
Betty says: "So I'm gonna make..."
Betty says: "the wish."
Finn says: "Guys, it's clenching!"
Simon says: "We'll make the wish after we escape!"
Betty says: "I have to do it here."
Betty says: "The crown could revert once we leave."
Betty says: "I gamed it out."
Simon says: "But I can't..."
Betty says: "I'm sorry for messing everything up."
Simon says: "Wait!"
Simon says: "Betty?"
Simon says: "Betty!"
Betty puts on the crown nervously.
Betty says: "I wish to banish GOLB from this world."
There's a noise and the room shakes, but nothing else happens. The room keeps compressing.
Betty says: "Uh-oh, um..."
Betty says: "I wish for GOLB to disappear, I wish for GOLB to disappear!"
The wish fails again.
Betty says: "No!"
Betty says: "He's too strong!"
Betty says: "Even for the crown."
Betty says: "However it has to happen."
Betty says: "..."
Betty says: "I wish for the power to keep Simon safe."
Outside the shrinking hole, Marceline and Jake are waiting.
Marceline says: "Slide faster, you ding-dongs!"
Marceline says: "Simon!"
The ground shakes. The Gumball Guardian stops chasing Duke of Nuts, Cinnamon Bun and Lolly. Suddenly a strong blast of energy comes out from GOLB, blurring the scenery around, and the monstrous Gumball Guardian is wiped out from existence.
Finn says: "She did it!"
Finn says: "Yeah, Betty!"
Finn says: "Whoo!"
GOLB itself is having a drastic change too.
King Man says: "What has she done?"
King Man says: "..."
GOLB is growing longer limbs, end up having a striking resemblance with Magic Betty - "Golbetty" is formed. It looks down, levitating.
Slime Princess says: "Well, great!"
Slime Princess says: "I don't like this guy either!"
Simon says: "No..."
Simon says: "Betty?"
Simon says: "Betty!"
Marceline says: "You're back."
Marceline says: "It's what she wanted more than anything in the world."
GOLB looks up and rises into the portal, leaving Land of Ooo. As the portal closes, the Ice King's crown drops and bounces toward Gunter, who puts it own.
Gunter says: "Wenk."
Jake says: "Jump him!"
Jake says: "He's gonna wish to be all space villain!"
Neptr says: "What?"
Jake says: "He's a big evil alien stuck in a penguin!"
Neptr says: "Oh!"
Neptr says: "..."
Neptr says: "I see."
Gunter suddenly honks in weird noises as she merges with the crown. A new creature is formed - the Ice Thing.
Ice Thing says: "..."
Ice Thing says: "la-ba-droo-la-da-boo!"
Ice Thing says: "Say, where's Gunter, my beautiful child that I love?"
Jake says: "Oh, never mind, I think he just wished to be Ice King?"
Ice Thing plays drums.
Jake says: "And for some drums, I guess?"
Jake says: "Yeah, this is fine."
Finn says: "Whew."
Fern says: "Hey, Finn..."
Fern says: "I'm not doing so good."
Finn says: "Oh, no."
Fern says: "Yeah..."
Fern says: "I just wish I could see the treehouse one more time."
Finn says: "Yeah dude, of course!"
Finn says: "Let's go there right now."
Fern says: "That's okay..."
Fern says: "Just promise to plant me there."
Fern's grassy remains are blown away by a gust of wind, and Finn cries. In Finn's hand, there's a small Finnseed, resembling the Finn Sword.
Later, Finn and Jake kneels to the ground near the ruins of Tree Fort.
Jake says: "You feel ready?"
Finn buries the Finnseed, which quickly grows into a young willow tree.
Jake says: "Whoa."
There's a new Finn Sword embedded in trunk.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hey, Finn."
Finn says: "Excuse me."
Finn says: "Hi, PB."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I just wanted to come say..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "thank you for disobeying my orders this morning."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I'll see you tomorrow, okay?"
Finn says: "See you tomorrow."
Princess Bubblegum says: "You're getting tall."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Good night!"
Jake says: "Night, PB!"
The story ends.
BMO says: "That's the end."
Shermy says: "I thought this story was about the end of Ooo."
BMO says: "..."
BMO says: "Pretty much."
Shermy says: "But what happened to Phil and Jake after that?"
Beth says: "Or Princess Bubblegum?"
BMO says: "Eh, y'know."
BMO says: "They kept living their lives."
BMO says: "Thank you for visiting the King of Ooo, goodbye."
Beth says: "The king was very polite for a king, don't you think?"
Shermy says: "I wish we could find that little Fern tree, see if that story is true."
Beth says: "The tree would be a big tree now."
Beth says: "It's, like, a thousand years old."
Shermy says: "Oh, a big tree..."
Shermy says: "Hey!"
Shermy says: "I know where that tree is!"
Shermy says: "C'mon, Beth!"
Cuts to a sky of present Land of Ooo.
Finn says: "I came pretty close to biting it back there."
Finn says: "I never would have gotten out of there without your singing."
Finn says: "It's amazing how strong that song was."
Jake says: "Music is powerful, man."
Jake says: "It speaks to a primal pit in our brains."
Jake says: "It makes anyone wanna get up and get their knees goin', gotta get 'em pumpin' pumpin' pumpin'."
Jake says: "Boompa-boompa-boom."
Finn says: "What do you think, Music Hole?"
Music Hole says: "Jake's right."
Music Hole says: "A good song can really wrap people up in a mood, better than any words alone could."
Music Hole says: "Actually, I've been working on a new song myself."
Music Hole says: "It's about a really specific feeling that's hard to describe."
Music Hole says: "Would you like to hear it?"
Jake says: "Sure!"
Finn says: "Yeah!"
The Music Hole clears her voice, and the Ending Theme is played. Meanwhile, for numerous characters throughout the series, the aftermath of the war is also displayed with the music.
Cuts back to the future Fern tree. Shermy and Beth reach the treetop.
Shermy says: "Check it out, dude."
Beth says: "Very pretty."
Shermy grunts as he trying to pull out the Finn Sword, it doesn't move until Beth helps Shermy. Shermy appreciates the sword in awe.
Beth says: "Lift that sword, Shermy."
Shermy says: "Oh, yeah!"
The Finn Sword shines under sunlight, thus concluding the series.