The episode begins with Finn, Jake and BMO. Jake is wearing a towel and a shower cap and is holding a banana. BMO is charging Jake's camera phone.
Jake says: "Yo BMO, you done chargin' up that phone or what?"
BMO says: "Almost..."
BMO says: "finished..."
Video begins.
Jake says: "Yo yo yo yo, check it!"
Jake says: "This is Jake on my camera phone!"
Jake says: "Whooooooooooaaaaaaa."
Jake says: "Whoooa!"
Jake says: "Yo, Finn!"
Jake says: "Say 'hi' to my new camera phone!"
Finn comes into view.
Finn says: "Whaddup camera phone!"
Finn and Jake wiggle their tongues and move their heads back and forth towards the camera. A noise is heard and a green light shines on them. Jake turns the camera phone into the direction they are staring and a portal opens and Marceline emerges.
Finn says: "Marceline!"
Jake says: "Marceline!"
Marceline says: "You guys wanna come party in the Nightosphere with me?"
Marceline says: "I'm visiting with my dad and it's craaaazy boring."
Finn says: "Whoa, wait a minute Marceline."
Marceline says: "Oh no, he's totally chill now."
Finn says: "Okay, but I'm keepin' an eye out for your old man in case he pulls any  sneak attacks."
Marceline says: "Don't be a wiener dog."
Marceline says: "Jake, you coming?"
Jake says: "Whoo!"
Jake says: "Yeah, baby!"
Camera is loading.
The camera pans up from the ground and shows they are in the Nightosphere.
Jake says: "Alright."
Jake says: "So, this is the Nightosphere, I guess."
Jake says: "Hehehe."
Hunson Abadeer says: "There you are, Marceline."
Finn says: "Stay away from me, old man!"
Jake says: "Heheheh, nice one."
Hunson says: "See how I'm not killing you?"
Marceline says: "Dad, stop!"
Hunson says: "So young lady, have you thought about my offer?"
Marceline puts her banjo on her shoulder and groans.
Jake says: "What offer, Marceline's dad?"
Hunson says: "I want Marceline to take over the Nightosphere!"
Hunson says: "Finally join the family business!"
Marceline says: "Business?"
Marceline says: "Dad, what do you even do?"
Hunson says: "Oh!"
Hunson says: "How everyone's confused and frustrated?"
Hunson says: "The Nightosphere is sustained by chaos!"
The camera turns to Finn, who jiggles his cheeks.
Marceline says: "Eh, I just don't see my self doing this biz'."
Marceline says: "Dad!"
Finn covers his eyes.
Hunson says: "Whoops!"
Hunson says: "Hahaha!"
Hunson says: "You should put this amulet on."
Hunson says: "It'll grant you wishes for, like, ponies."
Hunson says: "Or whatever kids like."
Marceline says: "Dad, I'm a thousand years old."
Hunson says: "Ha!"
Hunson says: "Yes you are, sweetie."
Marceline says: "Look, let's play something, okay?"
Finn says: "Okay!"
Marceline says: "Psssh."
Marceline says: "Whatever, Dad."
Marceline says: "[Puts the amulet on."
Marceline says: "A suit comes out of it and wraps itself around her."
Marceline says: "The phone is dropped and tentacles are seen."
Marceline says: "The phone is picked up and Marceline is seen looking like her father's monster's form in "It Came from the Nightosphere."
Marceline says: "" The camera zooms out to show Finn approaching Marceline while she laughs evilly."
Finn says: "Jake, grab the amulet!"
Jake says: "Ow, my hippocampus!"
Marceline continues to laugh evilly and walks towards them.
Video ends.
Jake says: "Well..."
Jake says: "that explains how we got amnesia-ed."
Jake says: "But what about banana?"
Finn says: "Hey man, there's another video!"
Video starts.
A demon is carrying Finn and Jake and throws Jake into a jail cell filled with bananas in the center.
Demon says: "We got mad prison overcrowding down here, fellas."
Video ends.
Jake, who is watching the video, freezes as he is about to take a bite out of the banana he retrieved from the Nightosphere and throws it on the ground in disgust.
Finn says: "That amulet's controlling Marceline!"
Finn says: "We have to go back and help her!"
Jake says: "She told us never to come back!"
Finn says: "Oh yeah."
Finn says: "Oh!"
Finn says: "Jake!"
Finn says: "Can you turn into a gross demon?"
Jake says: "Mhmm."
Finn says: "Grosser!"
Jake says: "What's your disguise?"
Finn says: "Paper plate mask, yo!"
Jake says: "Nice!"
They both run towards the portal.
Finn says: "Let's go!"
Marceline says: "Who's next?"
Marceline says: "Who's next?"
Weird Punishment Demon says: "Uh..."
Weird Punishment Demon says: "me, my lord "Aberdeer."
Marceline says: "What do you desire, cowering spec?"
Marceline says: "Pain?"
Marceline says: "Pleasure?"
Marceline says: "Or..."
Marceline says: "weird punishment?"
Weird Punishment Demon says: "Uh..."
Weird Punishment Demon says: "pleasure."
Marceline says: "No, weird punishment!"
Marceline says: "And what do you desire?"
Marceline says: "P, P, or WP?"
Big Demon says: "I..."
Big Demon says: "pain?"
Marceline says: "Okay."
Big Demon says: "Aw."
Marceline says: "Come on, come on, next!"
Ab Demon says: "Uh..."
Ab Demon says: "I'm just gonna go."
Marceline says: "You sure, dude?"
Marceline says: "Don't you want abs?"
Ab Demon says: "Yeah, gimme abs!"
Finn says: "I think we can charge up there and rip the amulet off her neck."
Finn and Jake begin to run up but a Demon with a cup spots them and stops them.
Line Demon says: "Hey!"
Line Demon says: "What're you guys doin'?!"
Line Demon says: "!"
Line Demon says: "You can't run up to the front of the line!"
Line Demon says: "These good people have been waiting forever!"
Line Demon says: "Shame on you both!"
Line Demon says: "Everybody, shame them!"
Line Demon says: "Under..."
Line Demon says: "stand?!"
Line Demon says: "!"
Finn says: "Yeah, okay, okay!"
Line Demon says: "I'll be watching you!"
Demon in line says: "Sorry dude, you got outta line."
Line Demon says: "Dang it!"
Marceline hears them mumbling in pain and grabs Jake. Finn grabs his other arm and she pulls them to where she is floating.
Marceline says: "Who are you?"
Finn says: "Ahh!"
Finn says: "Don't kill us Marceline!"
Jake says: "It's us!"
Jake says: "Finn and Jake!"
Finn says: "Your friends, remember?"
Marceline says: "Eh."
Jake says: "Oh Grod!"
Finn says: "Oh Grod!"
Jake pokes her hard in both of her eyes and she flings them away. Jake turns into a paraglider and they land on the ground.
Finn says: "Run!"
Finn says: "Marceline..."
They hear a noise behind them and turn around to see Hunson holding a sandwich and grabbing mustard from the fridge.
Finn says: "What are you doing?"
Hunson says: "Just grabbing a midnight snack."
Finn says: "It's Marceline!"
Finn says: "That's her out there!"
Hunson says: "I know!"
Hunson says: "Isn't it fantastic?"
Finn says: "No!"
Finn says: "We have to save 'er!"
Hunson says: "Save her?"
Finn says: "From the amulet!"
Hunson says: "But this is what I've always wanted!"
Hunson says: "My girl, following in her daddy's footsteps."
Finn says: "But that's not what she wants!"
Hunson says: "That's balderdash, baby."
Hunson says: "The wearer of the amulet is filled with chaotic evil!"
Hunson says: "Which is how I grew up."
Hunson says: "So..."
Finn knocks the sandwich out of his hand and runs out the door in front of him and into the room with Marceline and the demons.
Finn says: "Maybe we can get these dudes to help us!"
Jake says: "These guys won't help you."
Jake says: "They're all complacent sheeple."
Finn says: "Wait, that's it!"
Finn says: "We're gonna freestyle a political rap to get these guys to rise out of their systemized demon apathy."
Finn raps the Political Rap and the demons crowd around and cheer.
Demon in crowd says: "I never thought of it that way before!"
Demon in crowd #2 says: "The system is broke, yo!"
The demons begin to chant "Freedom." They pick up Finn and Jake and run toward Marceline, who shoots green lightning out of her cloud. The demons swarm around Marceline and Finn and Jake struggle to pull the amulet off of her. They get it off of her and a black substance shoots out and covers the demons and they begin to eat it.
Finn says: "Marceline!"
Jake says: "Aw, sick!"
Finn says: "Jake!"
Finn says: "The tree house!"
Jake says: "Ahhhh!"
Jake says: "I'm too freaked out to move, Finn!"
Jake says: "These demons are nibbling my legs!"
Jake says: "No, Finn!"
Jake says: "You'll be filled with chaotic evil!"
Finn puts the amulet on and grows large and demon-like. Hunson walks into the room drinking a carton of milk and spits it out once he sees the demons swarming Finn. Finn grabs Jake and Marceline and stuffs them into the tree house. He then begins to hit aside demons, which run away screaming. Jake lays down Marceline inside the tree house who begins to awaken.
Finn says: "Marceline..."
Finn says: "leaves the Nightosphere!"
Jake stretches his arms across Marceline to protect her. The amulet is pulled off Finn by Hunson and he turns back to normal. He flies through the portal and into the Treehouse.
Hunson says: "Marceline!"
Hunson says: "Um, I wonder what happened to him!"
Hunson says: "Kids these days..."
Hunson says: "am I right?"
Jake says: "Dude..."
Jake says: "seriously."
Marceline says: "Dad, you tricked me."
Marceline says: "Dad, that sucks!"
Hunson says: "I know, I'm sorry."
Hunson says: "But I thought you'd want to, want to make your old man proud and you know..."
Hunson says: "take over the Nightosphere."
Marceline says: "Yeah, I want you to be proud."
Marceline says: "I want you to be proud of me!"
Hunson says: "No, I didn't mean..."
Hunson says: "Baby, of course I'm proud of you."
Marceline says: "Dad..."
Hunson says: "And your friends?"
Hunson says: "They're alright!"
Hunson says: "That political rap?"
Hunson says: "Pretty great!"
Marceline says: "Okay, okay, I gotta go now, Dad."
Marceline says: "Finn?"
Episode Ends.