Jake is skateboarding and doing tricks in front of BMO and Marceline.
BMO says: "Whoo!"
BMO says: "Whoo!"
BMO says: "Whoo!"
BMO says: "Sick!"
BMO says: "Sick!"
BMO says: "So sick!"
BMO says: "Dying!"
Finn says: "Check it out."
Finn says: "I got snacks for while we wait."
Finn says: "For Marcy, red lick-rish."
Marceline says: "Thanks."
Finn says: "And for BMO..."
BMO says: "Fresh boys!"
Marceline says: "So, Finn..."
Marceline says: "What are we waiting here for?"
Finn says: "What?"
Finn says: "Dude, it's Super Porp Day."
Jake says: "Yeah."
Jake says: "Don't you know about Super Porp Day?"
Marceline says: "Wait."
Marceline says: ""Super Porp"..."
Marceline says: "like in the old commercials?"
Marceline says: "Uh, let's see, like, ♪Super Porp, it hits the spot, messes up your train of thought."
Marceline says: "If you're thirsty and out of shape..."
Everyone says: "♪Get down on that fizzy grape!"
Finn says: "Yeah, yeah."
Finn says: "That's the one."
Jake says: "Today's the day when Squeez-E-Mart always gets their monthly shipment."
Marceline says: "What?"
Marceline says: "That's really weird, guys."
Marceline says: "Why would s—"
BMO says: "Stop talking!"
BMO says: "Here it comes!"
A drone flies in carrying a box. It deposits the package into the top of a nearby vending machine. The lady on the front of the machine winks and a recording plays.
Cheryl says: "Enjoy Super Porp!"
BMO says: "I love you, Cheryl."
Finn hands Marceline a can.
Marceline says: "Man, this biz takes me back."
Marceline says: "I used to drink this stuff all the time when I was a kid."
Finn says: "What?"
Finn says: "That's not right."
Finn says: "How could the exact same soda still be in production hundreds of years after the great Mushroom Wars?"
Jake says: "Okay, listen."
Jake says: "So, okay, we could go track down the mysterious source of Super Porp."
Jake says: "Do up a fuh-real, end up fightin' some big soda-computer-god-baby or whatever..."
Jake says: "We totally could."
Jake says: "But..."
Jake says: "Super Porp is good."
Jake says: "So why question this good thing, man?"
Jake says: "Why?"
Finn says: "Hmm."
Finn says: "Yeah, okay."
Finn says: "Let's just go home."
BMO says: "Yay!"
BMO says: "Super Porp!"
BMO says: "Yay!"
BMO says: "BMO!"
The drone scans them but determines they are all "unsuitable" before flying away. Deep underground in Beautopia, the Hyooman tribe is waiting for their delivery of Super Porp. They cheer at the drones' approach.
Hyoomans says: "Super Porp!"
Hyoomans says: "Super Porp!"
Hyoomans says: "Super Porp!"
Cheryl says: "Enjoy Super Porp!"
Hyoomans says: "We will, Cheryl!"
Susan Strong drops in from above, landing on a pile of empty Super Porp cans.
Susan Strong says: "No, Cheryl."
Susan Strong says: "Susan will not enjoy!"
Rabbit Hyooman says: "Chill out, Susan Strong."
Giraffe Hyooman says: "Yeah."
Giraffe Hyooman says: "Super Porp taste good!"
Giraffe Hyooman says: "Super Porp is good!"
Susan Strong says: "No."
Susan Strong says: "It fake juice."
Susan Strong says: "Tough-guy hyoomans do not drink fake juice."
Sally opens a can of Super Porp, preparing to drink it, but she hands it to Susan.
Susan says: "Hmph."
Susan says: "Go away, robots!"
A drone scans Celina, Susan, and Sally, deeming each unsuitable. It then scans a baby nearby, which it determines is a "100% match." It swoops down and snatches the baby out of its mother's arms.
Mother says: "Baby?"
Mother says: "Baby!"
Susan Strong says: "Eh?!"
Susan Strong says: "!"
Susan Strong says: "Baby!"
Susan Strong says: "Baby!"
Susan, Celina, and Sally grab hold of a drone and fly after the baby.
Susan says: "Baby."
The drones fly away from Beautopia and into the Super Porp Factory through a hole with a fan.
They fly into the fan, breaking it. The drone carrying the baby is not far ahead, but it flies up a shaft unexpectedly.
Susan punches her drone, and the three set foot in the tunnel.
Susan says: "Baby."
They backtrack a bit and end up at the entrance, which has a fountain, stairs, and statues of Cheryl.
Celina says: "Porp fountain."
Sally pats Susan's arm.
Susan says: "Hmm?"
Sally mimes drinking Super Porp and growls.
Susan says: "Hmm?"
Cheryl says: "Hello, and welcome to the original Super Porp factory!"
Cheryl says: "Are you ready to get porrrped?"
Cheryl says: "I-I-I think we all need to get poooorped."
Susan says: "Baby!"
Celina says: "Susan killed Cheryl!"
Susan says: "This is fake style bubblehead."
Susan says: "Cheryl trying to trick us!"
The baby's cries are heard through a vent.
Susan says: "Baby!"
Susan says: "That hole too small for Susan."
Sally mimes throwing and points to herself.
Susan says: "If Sally say so..."
Susan says: "Hup!"
Susan says: "Hyah!"
Sally crashes through the vent and gives a thumbs-up to Susan and Celina.
Susan says: "You two, follow baby cries."
Sally helps Celina up into the vent.
Susan says: "Susan will find other way."
Susan says: "Hmm?"
Workers says: "♪Super Porp, it hits the spot."
Workers says: "It messes up your train of thought."
Workers says: "If you're thirsty and out of shape, get down on that fizzy grape!"
Workers says: "Super Porp!"
Susan says: "Uh."
One of the workers reaches into the vat they are stirring. Another worker stops her and slaps her face.
Female Worker says: "Hey!"
Female Worker says: "No one is allowed to taste pure Porp syrup!"
Female Worker says: "You know this, Carla."
Carla says: "But it looks sooo good!"
Female Worker says: "Well, of course it does!"
Female Worker says: "I mean, I'd smash everyone's face in this room for a single drop of pure Porp, but that's not the Super Porp way."
Female Worker says: "Aw, cheer up, girl."
Female Worker says: "Maybe we'll get bonus reg Porp after that new baby gets processed."
Susan breaks a pipe and swings down to the floor on it.
Susan says: "Baby!"
Male Worker says: "Hey, where's your hairnet?!"
Male Worker says: "!"
Susan kicks him and throws him to the ground.
Male Worker says: "Ow!"
Male Worker says: "W-w-where's your hairnet?"
Male Worker says: "Where's your hairnet?"
Susan ties his limbs in a knot.
Male Worker says: "Where's your—"
Male Worker says: "?"
Susan lifts him above her head.
Male Worker says: "Okay, verbal warning this time."
Female Worker says: "Protect the pure Porp!"
Susan throws the male worker at the female worker.
Worker says: "Uh-oh."
Worker says: "Uh-oh."
Worker says: "Uh-oh!"
Susan elbows the worker in the chest.
Worker says: "Oof!"
Worker says: "Uh-oh."
Susan grabs the worker's leg.
Worker says: "Uh-oh!"
Susan throws the worker at the wall, where the worker sticks.
Worker says: "Uh-oh!"
Susan says: "Now you tell Susan where you take baby or I'm—"
A worker sneaks up from behind and grabs Susan.
Female Worker says: "Hey, are you new here?"
Female Worker says: "Are you new here?"
Female Worker says: "Are you new here?"
They both fall into a vat of Porp. Susan punches the worker and swims back to the surface. They remaining workers run away. Susan leaves the room, finding more workers at an assembly line. A buzzer sounds, and on a television, Cheryl appears with the baby.
Cheryl says: "Attention!"
Cheryl says: "All employees report to the break room for the daily Porp break..."
Cheryl says: "sponsored by Super Porp."
Susan says: "Baby."
The workers form a line.
Workers says: "Break time."
Workers says: "Break time."
Susan grabs three and knocks each unconscious. She enters the line with the three workers on her head and shoulders.
Susan says: "Susan is camouflaged."
Male Worker says: "♪If you're thirsty and out of shape, get down on that fizzy grape."
Susan says: "Why is Susan in this line?"
Susan says: "Susan didn't think this through."
Male Worker says: "Wait."
Male Worker says: "That poorly disguised intruder is covered in pure Porp!"
Workers says: "Pure Porp!"
Workers says: "Pure Porp!"
Workers says: "Pure Porp!"
The workers tackle her and begin licking.
Male Worker says: "Lick the syrup from her eye holes!"
Susan fights them off, but they join together to form a giant mutant.
Giant Mutant says: "♪Get down on that fizzy grape!"
Susan says: "Susan needs no fizz!"
Susan says: "Susan have hero heart!"
Buzzer sounds.
Cheryl says: "Break time, sponsored by Super Porp, is over."
Cheryl says: "Get back to work."
Cheryl says: "The Porp must flow!"
Workers says: "The Porp must flow!"
Workers says: "The Porp must flow!"
Susan leaves the room and enters a room willed with Porp.
Susan says: "Ugh."
Susan says: "It's sticky."
A humongous guard dog rises out of the Porp, growling.
Susan says: "You a good doggy?"
Susan says: "You know where baby is?"
Susan says: "Doggy help Susan?"
The dog swipes at Susan. Susan runs up its arm and punches its face.
Susan says: "No!"
The dog falls.
Susan says: "Tsk, tsk, tsk."
A baby's cries are heard through a door marked Control Room.
Susan says: "Baby!"
Susan says: "Hold on, baby!"
As Susan runs up to the door, the dog crushes her underneath its front paws and holds her under the Porp.
Dog says: "Huh?"
Sally jumps down from above, hitting the dog in the face and knocking it on its back. Susan rips her hat off as she gasps for air, suffocated by the Porp. Celina jumps down from the ceiling onto the dog, causing it to spew Porp. Susan pries open the Control Room doors. They enter and find the baby crying in the arms of someone sitting in an armchair.
Cheryl says: "Shh-shh-shh-shh-shh."
Cheryl says: "Hey."
Cheryl says: "How's it going?"
Celina says: "Cheryl?"
Susan says: "Susan hates Cheryl!"
Cheryl says: "So..."
Cheryl says: "you're the dinguses who trashed my facility."
Susan says: "Yes."
Susan says: "Susan is the dingus."
Susan says: "Now gimme the baby!"
Cheryl says: "Oh, I see."
Cheryl says: "You don't understand what's going on."
Cheryl says: "This is a super spesh baby, a destiny baby, selected by my loyal delivery drones to take my place as high mascot Cheryl."
Cheryl says: "For you see—"
Susan uppercuts Cheryl and catches the baby.
Susan says: "Don't drink that."
The workers cheer as the three exit the control room, Susan wearing Cheryl's mask.
Susan says: "Stop!"
Worker says: "Cheryl?"
Susan says: "Yes, I am Cheryl."
Workers says: "Huh?"
Susan says: "And Cheryl says this is what we do now."
Susan says: "Back to work!"
Susan says: "Everybody, destroy the factory!"
The workers break everything in the factory.
Workers says: "Destroy the factory."
Workers says: "Back to work."
Workers says: "Destroy the factory."
Workers says: "Back to work."
Explosion. Back at the Squeez-E-Mart, Jake awaits a delivery.
Jake says: "Alright, well, it's one month later."
Jake says: "Aw, yeah!"
Jake says: "Here it comes!"
A damaged drone deposits its package into the vending machine.
Cheryl says: "Enjoy Super Porp!"
Jake gets a can and begins drinking. He spits it out and dumps the can.
Jake says: "Ugh!"
Jake says: "I jinxed it!"
Episode ends.