The episode begins with Princess Bubblegum, Finn and Jake drinking tea.
Princess Bubblegum says: "I usually hire a sitter but- Ehn!"
Finn says: "Of course, Princess!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Awesome!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Thank you, Finn."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I will be back on the Morrow."
Princess Bubblegum says: "SCREEEEEEEE!"
A giant bird flies out from behind a mountain, picks up Princess Bubblegum and flies away.
Finn says: "You’re in good hands, Princess Plant."
Scene transitions to Finn and Jake dancing with the plant. Jake kicks of the pot and begins to shake it’s roots up and down to mimic dancing. The scene transitions to Finn and Jake with the plant sitting on a dinner table and drinking grape soda. They stuff the plant’s roots with pizza and cookies, and Jake pours soda into the plant’s petals, while Finn puts pizza in another. The two high five as the plant sags. The scene transitions again to a dried up and dead plant next to a crackling fire. Finn is reading the plant a story while Jake is cuddled up with it.
Finn says: "And then the monster got punched in the head and the princess was safe."
Finn says: "And everyone was happy!"
Plant catches on fire as Jake is asleep next to it.
Finn and Jake put out the fire, Finn puts a band aid on it and they both kiss the black and charred plant.
The scene transitions to another room. Finn and Jake are tucking it into bed.
Finn says: "Time to lay down beautiful buddy."
Jake says: "Yeah."
Jake says: "Time to make sleepies!"
Finn says: "Ahhh."
Finn says: "We killed it, man!"
Jake says: "I know!"
Finn says: "Okay."
Finn says: "All we gotta do, is go to the Land of the Dead and reclaim the flower’s soul from death before Bubblegum returns."
Jake says: "Okay!"
Peppermint Butler peeks into the room.
Peppermint Butler says: "Excuse me, but did you all say Land of the Dead?"
Jake covers plant with a pillow.
Finn says: "Oh, what?!"
Finn says: "!"
Finn says: "Oh, uh… yeah."
Peppermint Butler says: "I can take you."
Finn says: "Really?"
Peppermint Butler says: "Certainly, Finn."
Finn and Jake walk over and each take one of Peppermint Butler’s hands.
Peppermint Butler says: "Stare into where the two walls meet."
Peppermint Butler says: "Now slowly, cross your eyes."
Peppermint Butler says: "Do it, fools!"
Finn and Jake do so. The portal to the land of the dead opens and is glowing red with rocky terrain in the distance.
Peppermint Butler says: "The portal opens!"
Finn and Jake step into the portal.
Peppermint Butler says: "Say ‘hi’ to Death for me if you see him!"
Peppermint Butler says: "He lives in a castle made of light!"
Jake says: "Uh… okay."
Finn says: "Thanks Peppermint Butler."
Peppermint Butler says: "And don’t drink the-  water."
The camera pans down to see giant Death Eels fighting, a mountain side that is covered with spikes and flaming holes, hundreds of long pink organisms that have black flames emitting from the ends, a giant scorpion, bones, a television, giant bony fingers sticking out from some rocks, more Death Eel creatures, a purple claw sticks out from behind a rock, red demon-like hands reach out from rocks covered in eyes, giant earwigs, a skull of a demon, police cars and UFOs, and skeletons walking in a town.
Jake says: "So… um… you wanna…  hop in my paunch and I’ll stretch us down?"
Finn says: "Uh… Oh look, an escalator!"
An escalator is beside them with skeletons descending down it.
Jake stretches himself and Finn over to the escalator in front of a skeleton with a knife in it’s skull.
Finn says: "Hey, dude."
Skeleton waves. Finn points to the bottom of the escalator where a giant skeletal pterodactyl-like creature is guarding an entrance, where there is a line of skeletons waiting to enter.
Finn says: "That must be the main entrance or some biz!"
Jake says: "Let’s go!"
Finn stands on Jake’s back as Jake slides down the escalator and they jump off.
Finn says: "Holy schmow!"
Finn and Jake get in line behind a skeleton with a spear in it’s throat.
Gate Guardian says: "Welcome to the Underworld."
Gate Guardian says: "Cause of death?"
Spear Skeleton says: "Uh… Spear in the neck."
Gate Guardian says: "You may enter."
Spear Skeleton says: "Yay!"
Finn and Jake walk up to the Gate Guardian.
Gate Guardian says: "How did you die?"
Finn says: "Whoo!"
Jake says: "Whoo!"
Finn says: "Ha ha!"
Jake says: "Ha ha!"
Finn says: "Ha ha!"
Jake says: "Ha ha!"
Gate Guardian says: "Hmm… Step out of line."
Finn says: "Awh dingle!"
Jake says: "Wait up, dude!"
Jake says: "Follow me, and do as I do."
Gate Guardian says: "Hey!"
Gate Guardian says: "I said no!"
Finn and Jake stop, then keep walking.
Gate Guardian says: "Hey!"
Gate Guardian says: "Hey!!"
Finn & Jake walk into the entrance.
Jake says: "Ha ha, we’re in!"
Jake says: "Come on, man!"
Finn laughs.
Finn & Jake run to the bottom of a hill and high five.
Finn says: "Yes!"
Jake says: "Yes!"
Finn says: "Where do we go now, dude?"
Jake says: "Up there!"
The pair climb to the top and peer over.
Finn says: "Oooooo!"
Jake says: "Oooooo!"
Behind a rocky terrain, a glowing-white castle is visible in the distance.
Jake says: "Death’s castle is pretty, dude."
Finn says: "Let’s go!"
They begin to walk and a skeleton pops out from behind a rock.
Skeleton Guy says: "Hey!"
Skeleton Guy says: "What’s up, fellas!"
Skeleton Guy says: "Hi."
Skeleton Guy says: "Lester."
Skeleton Guy says: "Look at all that flesh jigglin'!"
Jake says: "Hey!"
Jake says: "If you love flesh so much, then watch this!"
Lester says: "Whoo!"
Lester says: "You don’t know what you’re doing to me, guy!"
Lester says: "Fellas get over here!"
Lester says: "Flesh!"
More skeletons come out from behind terrain, rocks, and trees and walk over to Finn & Jake.
Finn says: "This is weird, man."
Jake says: "Don’t worry!"
Jake says: "They just think we’re cool!"
Finn says: "Hmm… Do you guys think we’re cool?"
Lester says: "No."
Lester says: "We’re gonna rip that flesh off you!"
Lester says: "And eat it!"
Finn & Jake gasp. The skeletons walk towards them and they get into fighting positions.
Finn says: "It’s bone-kicking time!"
A group of skeletons run towards them and knocks Finn down.
Finn says: "Oh shoot!"
Finn says: "Jake!"
Finn says: "There’s too many!"
Finn says: "It’s not a hole, Jake!"
Finn says: "It’s just a divot!"
The skeletons are running around the corner. Jake punches Finn into the ground.
Jake says: "Sorry!"
Skeletons run by and do not notice Finn & Jake.
Finn & Jake are in the hole, which is a tight squeeze and does not have much room.
Finn says: "Dude, shrink down!"
Jake does so.
Jake says: "Oh!"
Jake says: "Sorry."
Finn says: "I don’t like the underworld too much."
Jake says: "I don’t know."
Jake says: "Wouldn’t be so bad if there weren’t folks trying to eat our skin."
Finn says: "I wonder how Princess Bubblegum is doing."
Scene transitions to Princess Bubblegum, who is holding a helmet mechanism.
Princess Bubblgum says: "So!"
Princess Bubblgum says: "Who here invented this thing?"
Camera pans out to reveal she is talking to a group of vegetables that are hooked up to electronic devices. Princess Bubblegum sighs.
Finn says: "I’m glad she’s not coming back ‘till tomorrow."
Jake says: "No she said she’s coming back "on the Morrow."
Finn says: "Yeah, on the ‘morrow."
Finn says: "That means tomorrow."
Jake says: "No man, the Morrow is her bird!"
Finn says: "Come again?"
Jake says: "It’s her bird!"
Jake says: "That thing is crazy fast!"
Jake says: "It’ll only take like twenty minutes to get back once that conference is over."
Finn says: "We gotta go!"
Finn says: "Coast is clear!"
They come out from their hiding place.
Skeleton says: "Halt!"
Skeleton says: "Hey Halt!"
Skeleton says: "Why you got your eyes closed, Halt?"
Halt says: "I’m trying to picture in my mind’s eye where the fleshies are hiding."
Skeleton says: "Ooh!"
Skeleton says: "You’re a smart guy, Halt!"
Finn & Jake quietly sneak past and onto a bride, panting.
Group of Skeletons says: "I didn’t see them… They were here, and now they’re gone!"
Group of Skeletons says: "..."
Finn says: "More skeletons!"
Finn says: "We’ve gotta be really, really quiet!"
Jake farts loudly, which echoes and causes everything to shake. The skeletons turn around and notice them.
Skeleton says: "Get em!"
Finn says: "Jake!"
Jake says: "I thought it would be funny!"
A large rock falls, and they both jump out of the way.
Finn says: "Ahh!"
Jake says: "Ahh!"
The cave starts to fall apart and parts of the ceiling fall down, crushing skeletons. Finn & Jake run across the bridge safetly.
Finn says: "Look!"
Finn says: "There’s Death’s castle!"
Death’s castle gleams.
Finn says: "I don’t see anyone."
Finn says: "I guess you double-killed them with that avalanche."
Jake says: "Heh, awesome!"
Finn says: "Now we just gotta cross that river!"
Jake says: "River!"
Jake says: "Man, I’m so thirsty!"
Jake says: "My mouth’s still all dusty!"
Finn says: "Whoa, okay Jake, don’t drink the water!"
Jake says: "Come one!"
Jake says: "I’m so thirsty!"
Finn says: "Dude!"
Finn says: "That skull wants you to drink the water!"
Finn says: "It’s bad water!"
Skull says: "Don’t drink the water!"
Jake says: "See?"
Jake says: "That means good right?"
Jake lifts his head out of the water and looks at Finn with an empty expression on his face.
Finn says: "Jake?"
Finn says: "Why you makin’ stupid face?"
Jake says: "Who’s Jake?"
Finn says: "Dang it, I knew that water was junk!"
Skull says: "Tricked again by the River of Forgetfulness!"
Finn steps onto the Skull and crushes it.
Finn says: "Jake!"
Finn says: "Get out of that water right now!"
Jake says: "Hey!"
Jake says: "I don’t know who you are, mister, but I don’t like your attitude!"
Scene transitions to Finn dragging a screaming Jake.
Jake says: "Help!"
Jake says: "Somebody!"
Scene transitions to Princess Bubblegum sitting on Morrow and waving goodbye.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Farewell, everyone!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Okay… Morrow!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Back to the Candy Kingdom!"
Morrow screeches and flies away.
The scene transitions back to Finn carrying Jake to the doorway of Death’s castle.
Jake says: "Help!"
Jake says: "Somebody help me!"
Jake says: "Stranger danger!"
Death is raking dirt into a line pattern. The room he is in has giant skulls scattered around and the river of forgetfulness flows through. Finn & Jake sneak in and hid behind a tree. Jake’s back is poking out and Death sees them.
Death says: "Hey!"
Death says: "Hey!"
Death says: "I see you!"
Finn says: "Jake!"
Finn says: "Your head!"
Jake says: "Who are you?"
Death says: "Who are you?"
Jake says: "I don’t know, man!"
Jake says: "Who are you?"
Death says: "What do you mean?"
Death says: "You’re in my castle!"
Jake says: "Well, I didn’t know!"
Finn says: "Dang it, Jake."
Death says: "You must leave this place."
Death says: "Now!"
Finn says: "Death!"
Finn says: "We’re not leaving until our plant’s soul!"
Finn says: "And Jake’s memory!"
Death says: "Another one."
Death says: "Be gone, mortal!"
Finn says: "No!"
Finn says: "I promised Princess Bubblegum!"
Finn says: "Oof!"
Finn says: "Oww… What happened?"
Death says: "You can’t kick me because your brain is stupid!"
Finn says: "Your brain is stupid!"
Jake says: "Hehehehehehe, this kid’s pretty funny!"
Death says: "Pick an instrument."
Finn says: "Huh?"
Death says: "To get stuff from me, you have to beat me in a musical battle."
Finn says: "But Jake’s the musical one!"
Finn says: "And he’s got poo brain!"
Jake makes popping noise with mouth.
Death says: "I don’t care."
Finn says: "I gotta find what I can really play!"
Finn says: "Oh glob, man!"
Finn says: "Sleigh bells!"
Finn says: "YA WOW WOW WOW WOW WOW WOW WOW!"
Death says: "So the contest begins!"
Death begins to kick base drums and scream death metal while Finn jingles sleigh bells. Death continues to scream while he detaches his feet, which continue to play the drums. Finn screams and jumps on the sleigh bells. Death slides on his knees across the stage. Finn rolls around on the stage. Death continues to scream death metal while fireworks explode above him, smoke rises into the shape of a skull, fire burns around him and an electric guitar plays in the background. They both finish, and Death has black smoke coming off of him.
Death says: "Hey, alright, so..."
Death says: "who do you think won?"
Jake says: "Oh, man!"
Jake says: "Skeleton guy by a landslide!"
Jake says: "He was like "Rughhh," he was like."
Finn says: "Dude!"
Jake says: "What?"
Jake says: "Skeleton guy was awesome!"
Jake says: "You want me to lie?"
Finn says: "Yes!"
Death says: "I’m going to kill you now."
Finn says: "No!"
Finn says: "I still have to rescue stuff!"
Finn says: "Oh wait, wait, wait!"
Finn says: "Before I die, I’m honor-bound to tell you..."
Finn says: "Peppermint Butler says hi."
Death says: "What?"
Death says: "You know Peppermint Butler?!"
Death says: "!"
Finn says: "Yeah!"
Death says: "Heh heh heh!"
Death says: "Yo, you guys can have whatever you want!"
Death says: "Jake, stand up!"
Jake says: "That’s me, right?"
Death says: "Yes."
Jake says: "What’re you doin’?"
Death kisses Jake. Jake lifts his right leg before letting go from Death, feeling disgusted.
Jake says: "What’re you doing?!"
Jake says: "!"
Death says: "Kiss of death, baby."
Death says: "You got your memory back."
Jake says: "Awh, gross!"
Jake says: "I wish I didn’t!"
Death says: "Now I shall return the soul of this."
Finn says: "Yeah!"
Jake says: "Yeah!"
Finn says: "The Princess Plant!"
Jake says: "The Princess Plant!"
The Princess Plant rockets off Death’s head like a firework and disappears.
Death says: "I'll see you dudes later."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hello, boys."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Where’s my plant?"
Peppermint Butler walks up behind them, carrying the plant.
Peppermint Butler says: "Hello, Princess!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yay!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Thank you all for taking such good care of my plant!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Now come here and give me a hug!"
Finn says: "Yay, hugs!"
Jake says: "Yay, hugs!"
Finn, Jake & Peppermint Butler give Princess Bubblegum a hug.
Peppermint Butler says: "Ahem."
Peppermint Butler says: "Mr."
Peppermint Butler says: "Finn, Mr."
Peppermint Butler says: "Jake, I believe you still owe me something in exchange for that favor I did."
Finn says: "Sure!"
Jake says: "Yeah, what is it?"
Peppermint Butler says: "I’d like your flesh."
Jake & Finn laugh.
Jake says: "Quit bein’ silly, Peppermint Butler!"
Peppermint Butler says: "I’m going to take it from you while you sleep."
Finn & Jake’s faces then turn from a smiling face, to a confused, creeped out, blank one, and the episode ends.