In Finn's mouth, Jake walks up to a rotten, blackened tooth.
Jake says: "Blech."
Jake says: "Your tooth looks bad, dude."
Jake says: "It smells like a garden shed in here."
Jake says: "Finn, I think you have to go dentist."
Finn says: "I can't go dentist, Jake!"
Finn says: "You gotta take care of it."
Jake says: "This is so bad."
Jake says: "What did Princess Bubblegum say when you showed her?"
Flashback begins. PB looks inside Finn's mouth.
Finn says: "Aaaaaaaaaah."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hmm."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn, this is literally serious."
Princess Bubblegum says: "You have to go dentist."
Finn says: "NOOOOOOO!"
Flashback ends.
Jake says: "Dude."
Jake says: "You."
Jake says: "Got."
Jake says: "To."
Jake says: "Go."
Jake says: "Dentist."
Finn says: "Blech."
Finn says: "I don't want to go dentist, Jake."
Finn says: "They put you in a hole filled with snakes and rotten butter and they leave you there."
Jake says: "Come on, man."
Jake says: "It's not that bad."
Finn says: "Okay."
Scene cuts to Finn dangling by a rope over a well.
Jake says: "Right?"
Starchie dumps snakes into the well while another Candy Person scoops in rotten butter. Princess Bubblegum gestures for Jake to let go of the rope.
Jake says: "Whup!"
The floor gives out and Finn plummets further down the well and through a tunnel until he lands on a pile of sand in the Ant Nation.
Finn says: "Soft sand."
Finn says: "Ant."
Ant says: "Welcome to dentist, cadet."
Ant says: "Snakes and rotten butter."
Ant says: "A common mistake—"
Ant says: "you were expected to arrive with snacks and a flashlight."
Ant says: "Either way, you're here."
Finn says: "So..."
Finn says: "dentist is ants?"
Gamergate says: "Dentist is dentist, cadet!"
Gamergate says: "Drop and give me twenty!"
Finn says: "I don't have any money."
Gamergate says: "Funny man goes dentist, huh?"
Gamergate says: "The queen's office is in the royal hill."
Finn crawls into the hill and up to the door.
Finn says: "Holes."
Finn says: "Hmm."
Queen says: "Listen, I wasn't here when you came in."
Queen says: "I'm a very busy woman."
Queen says: "Hello, my name is General Tarsal."
Queen says: "I am the current queen of this regiment, and please have a seat."
Finn sits down as best he can in the cramped room.
General Tarsal says: "As a first-time recruit, I'm confident that you have no idea what you're doing here."
Finn says: "My tooth hurts."
General Tarsal says: "Let's take a look at your file."
General Tarsal says: "We could use a fighter."
Finn says: "My tooth hurts."
General Tarsal says: "What?"
General Tarsal says: "Of course it does."
General Tarsal says: "Let me explain."
General Tarsal says: "You have gone dentist."
General Tarsal says: "That means that you will serve a brief tour of duty, and in exchange we will provide full dental rehabilitation."
General Tarsal says: "You will be on the front, fighting monsters..."
General Tarsal says: "monstrous monster wooorms!"
Finn says: "Worms."
General Tarsal says: "The worms are employed by the flies."
Finn says: "Worms."
General Tarsal says: "Work for the flies."
General Tarsal says: "You fight them; we'll fix your teeth."
Finn says: "Me."
General Tarsal says: "Yes, you!"
General Tarsal says: "Your mission is to secure this junction at all costs."
General Tarsal says: "Upon completion of service, you will be sworn to absolute secrecy."
General Tarsal says: "The flies have spies everywhere."
General Tarsal says: "Fly spies!"
Finn says: "Heh heh."
General Tarsal says: "These worms are no joke, so you'll be assigned a partner."
General Tarsal says: "Ah, let's see..."
General Tarsal says: "Cadet..."
General Tarsal says: "Tiffany Oiler."
Finn says: "Tiffany?!"
Finn says: "!"
Tiffany says: "Tiffany!"
Tiffany says: "Finn, I'm gonna kill you!"
Finn says: "That guy wants to kill me!"
General Tarsal says: "Tough nuts, that's dentist."
Loudspeaker says: "Cadets, dinner is being served in the mess hall, central hill, sub-tunnel eight."
Finn worms his way through a tunnel to the mess hall. An ant serves him a pile of granulated sugar.
Finn says: "Hm."
Finn says: "Do you have anything less sugary?"
The ant spews sugar and falls backwards.
Tiffany says: "Yo, Finn!"
Tiffany says: "I'm gonna kill you!"
Finn says: "Hey, uh, partner."
Finn says: "Um."
Finn says: "So how are you doing, Tiffany?"
Tiffany says: "Yeah, I lost my teeth eating the Baker's Shard."
Tiffany says: "It's a lot of sugar, right?"
Finn says: "Oh."
Finn says: "Did you already know what dentist is?"
Tiffany says: "See, this is a good example of why I want to kill you."
Tiffany says: "You're ignorant."
Tiffany says: "Heed my words, Finn."
Tiffany says: "As the miller's wheel forever outrages the seed, so the good apple boringly receives his neighbor's worm."
Finn says: "The hey?"
Tiffany says: "And all the corn gets smooshed to grease—"
Tiffany says: "to grease under the miller's fleaping wheel."
Finn stares.
Tiffany says: "You're getting greased!"
Finn says: "Tiffany, look."
Finn says: "We gotta work together, right?"
Finn says: "Why don't we let bygones be bygones?"
Tiffany says: "Bygones?"
Tiffany says: "Ha!"
Tiffany says: "Gone!"
Finn says: "Do you want my peach?"
Tiffany says: "Bye-gone!"
Gamergate says: "Hey!"
Gamergate says: "Stand down, cadets!"
Gamergate says: "Retire to your bunks!"
Tiffany says: "Tonight, light's out."
Tiffany says: "Tomorrow, your eyes out!"
The next day, Finn and Tiffany exit their hill. Finn throws his sword out and follows after it. Tiffany reaches for it at the same time as Finn, and the two bonk heads.
Finn says: "What the stork, man?"
Finn says: "This is my special sword."
Finn says: "Why didn't you take one of those ant swords they offered you back there?"
Tiffany says: "I don't need some fancy thinger to kick butt when I've got these!"
Tiffany says: "You know about these?"
Finn says: "No."
Tiffany says: "You will."
Tiffany says: "Anyway, I just kinda wanted your sword 'cause it's pretty cool, I guess."
Tiffany says: "Whatever."
Tiffany says: "I'll get it soon enough..."
Tiffany says: "from off your dead corpse, you chump!"
The two continue walking.
Finn says: "Hey, Tiffany..."
Finn says: "you know, we're really not so different, you and I."
Tiffany says: "Bullstuff."
Finn says: "Well, we're both friends with Jake, and that's something, right?"
Tiffany says: "I was friends with Jake."
Tiffany says: "Then some baritone herb stole him away from me."
Finn says: "I didn't steal him."
Finn says: "We're broth—"
Tiffany says: "And when that snow-white wiener dog is finally dead, Jake will be devastated."
Tiffany imagines Jake crying on his shoulder at Finn's tombstone.
Tiffany says: "He'll need a shoulder to cry whiny, Finn-style tears on, and that shoulder will be mine—"
Tiffany says: "Tiffany's!"
Tiffany says: "Then I can get busy with undoing your cheesy influence, plus more!"
Tiffany says: "With my help, Jake will become the criminal juggernaut he was always meant to be."
In Tiffany's imagination, a giant Jake roars and beats his chest over a city, while helicopters with searchlights hover nearby.
Tiffany says: "We won't just be robbing banks anymore."
Jake grabs hold of two buildings and rips them off their foundations.
Tiffany says: "We'll be robbing the actual banks."
Tiffany says: "The whole banks!"
Jake swallows the buildings.
Tiffany says: "You get it?"
Tiffany says: "We're gonna steal actual whole buildings."
Finn says: "Yeah, I get it."
Tiffany says: "So don't tell me we're not so different, okay?!"
Tiffany says: "!"
Tiffany says: "We're opposites, you and me."
Tiffany says: "Oil and goody-goody snow-white baby-vanilla bean mitten water!"
Tiffany says: "Go, Tiffany!"
Finn says: "Man, I hope so."
Tiffany says: "Finn!"
Tiffany says: "Get in here, quick!"
Finn catches up with Tiffany.
Finn says: "The junction."
Tiffany says: "There's something moving in the walls."
Tiffany says: "It was like."
Suddenly, the walls rumble, and three giant worms break through, roaring.
Finn says: "Wall worms!"
Finn says: "Holy cow!"
Tiffany prepares to stab Finn in the back with a dagger. Finn turns around.
Finn says: "Dang it, Tiffany, not yet!"
Finn says: "We got to work together to beat the worms!"
Finn says: "Here they come!"
Finn slices off one worm's head, while Tiffany punches and kicks another. The third worm comes up behind Tiffany and prepares to lunge.
Finn says: "Tiffany!"
Tiffany turns and shields himself with his arms. Finn throws his sword into the worm's head. It falls on the road with a thud. Finn retrieves his sword and smiles at Tiffany. More growling is heard.
Finn says: "Oh, snap!"
Tiffany says: "Oh, snap!"
Finn says: "Look out!"
Tiffany says: "Look out!"
Finn says: "They're coming in from the side!"
Tiffany says: "They're coming in from the side!"
Finn and Tiffany each jump on a different worm. Finn runs up its back to reach its head while dodging worms breaking through the walls and lunging at him. Finn glances over at Tiffany doing the same. The two reach their worm's head at the same time, and Finn stabs Tiffany's worm in the head. Simultaneously, Tiffany punches Finn's worm. The two worms fall. Finn and Tiffany land back on the road.
Tiffany says: "You good?"
Finn says: "My tooth hurts."
Another worm lunges at Finn from behind. Tiffany grabs Finn, and they duck as it passes overhead. It turns around and prepares another attack. Finn and Tiffany exchange looks and nod. Finn leaps off the road as Tiffany grabs his feet, letting Finn slice the worm down the middle. The two continue battling worms as a team. Afterwards, the two rest while panting heavily, thinking it's over. However, one last worm, the biggest of them all, emerges from the floor.
Finn says: "Dang!"
Finn says: "It's the head worm, and she's livid!"
Finn says: "I say we get the heck out of heeeeere—"
Finn says: "!"
The road crumbles beneath him, and as he falls, he smacks his head on the ledge.
Tiffany says: "Finn!"
Finn says: "Tiffany, quick!"
Finn says: "Pull me up!"
Finn says: "Quick, Tiffany!"
Finn says: "I'm slipping!"
Tiffany slowly takes out his dagger.
Finn says: "Dang it, Tiffany!"
Finn says: "Weren't you paying attention?"
Finn says: "We're two peas in a pod!"
Finn says: "We're not oil and water."
Finn says: "We're oil and vinegar!"
Finn says: "It's good, man."
Finn says: "It's yummy!"
Tiffany says: "Mm..."
Finn says: "It's good for you!"
Tiffany says: "You're right, Finn."
Tiffany says: "I can't bring myself to do it..."
Finn smiles.
Tiffany says: "..."
Tiffany says: "but I can't bring myself to save you, either."
Finn is still smiling.
Tiffany says: "Why are you still smiling?"
Finn says: "Sorry."
Finn says: "I didn't hear what you said."
Finn says: "I was just gonna let it slide."
Tiffany says: "Look, you're—"
Tiffany says: "you're on your own."
Tiffany says: "I'm sorry."
Finn's smile vanishes.
Tiffany says: "Catch you on the flip, I guess."
Finn says: "Tiffany?"
Finn says: "nooooooooo!"
Finn falls into the worm's open mouth and lands on its palate. The worm coughs and gags Finn back out with such force that he smashes his head against a stalactite, shattering all his teeth. Finn falls on Tiffany, pushing him into the worm's mouth.
The worm snaps its mouth shut. When Finn opens his eyes, he is back in the Ant Nation.
General Tarsal says: "Whoa!"
General Tarsal says: "Easy, son."
General Tarsal says: "Don't try to speak."
General Tarsal says: "Your mouth is full of ants."
Finn says: "Huh?"
The ants start leaving Finn's mouth.
Ant says: "It's okay."
Ant says: "We just finished up."
Finn says: "Ah."
Finn says: "What happened down there?"
Finn says: "Where's Tiffany?"
General Tarsal says: "Well, the good news is the worm queen was defeated, choked to death on some foreign object, presumably Cadet Tiffany, who is missing in action, which is the bad news."
Finn says: "Tiffany..."
General Tarsal says: "But we didn't have to fix his teeth, which is nice news."
General Tarsal says: "But we did have to fix your teeth, which is okay news."
Finn says: "Huh huh."
Finn says: "Ayyyy!"
General Tarsal says: "So, on behalf of the ant nation, I'd like to thank you for your service, which is now concluded."
General Tarsal says: "As soon as you're ready, we'll get you stuffed back up that well with all the snakes and butter."
Finn reaches the top of the well.
Finn says: "Holy cow."
Everyone cheers at his arrival. A banner reads, "Welcome home Finn!" and Princess Bubblegum showers him with confetti.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Welcome home, Finn."
Jake says: "Yeah."
Jake says: "Welcome home, buddy."
Finn says: "Thanks, you guys!"
Finn says: "Man, you'll never believe it."
Finn says: "Dentist is actually—"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Eh-eh-eh!"
Finn says: "It was crazy!"
Finn says: "Tiffany was there—"
Starchie says: "Whoa!"
Starchie says: "Hey!"
Starchie says: "Deh-deh-deh!"
Finn says: "Wait."
Finn says: "You all knew?"
Finn says: "What the heck?"
Finn says: "Why didn't you tell—"
Jake says: "Ah-ah-ah!"
The fly spy looks through its magnifying glass. Finn looks surprised.
Episode ends.