The episode opens at night. Finn is battling monsters with a golden sword in a Minecraft-style world.
Finn says: "You sad mobs."
Finn says: "Y'all wish you had this sweet dang bucket!"
Finn says: "I should've washed it."
Finn walks to a stream and collects some water in the bucket, which he places full into his backpack. A sheep splashes down a nearby waterfall and bleats. Finn towers up a cliff using dirt blocks. The sun rises behind him and monsters burn away in the distance. Finn inhales and exhales the morning air. He walks past various other animals. A cow moos and a wolf barks. Finally, he comes across Lemongrab, who is groaning in a field as he looks down at a lemon he is holding.
Lemongrab says: "Impertinence."
Lemongrab says: "Nyah!"
Lemongrab says: "Grow!"
Lemongrab says: "Grooow!"
Finn arrives at the Tree House. He rides a minecart into the mine below, where Jake is digging away at the walls with a pickaxe. Jake strikes the wall and a blue glow appears.
Jake says: "Aha!"
Finn says: "Head's up!"
Finn says: "Oof."
Jake says: "Oof."
Finn says: "I got that bucket of pure river water you asked for."
Jake says: "Thanks, dude."
Finn says: "Whatcha doing down here anyways?"
Jake says: "Digging up diamonds for a little project."
Finn says: "I'll help, buddy."
A montage shows the minecart being filled to the brim with diamonds as the two of them mine.
Jake says: "Whew."
Finn and Jake give each other a thumbs up. Jake wheels the diamonds towards a flow of lava. He takes one and polishes it with his wrist. Finn watches from nearby. Then, without warning, he throws a diamond into the lava.
Jake says: "Hehe."
Jake says: "Vanilla no mods!"
Jake says: "Vanilla no mods!"
Jake says: "Vanilla no mods!"
Jake says: "Vanilla no mods!"
Finn says: "What the heck man?!"
Finn says: "!"
Finn says: "It's such a senseless waste."
Jake says: "Au contraire, mon friend."
Jake says: "I'm extremely senseful."
Jake says: "You see this bucket of water?"
Jake says: "It's in case I fall in the lava and catch fire."
Finn says: "You could make something really good with these."
Finn says: "Like a better sword for your best bro."
Jake says: "Or."
Finn says: "I'm gonna take this shiny boy, and show you the way."
Jake says: "You do you, buddy."
Finn says: "I'm sure you'd get it if you just took a moment to think about it."
Jake says: "Uh huh."
The camera pans up to show Lumpy Space Princess, Ice King, Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life-Giving, Gunter, and a living block of TNT hanging out in a cave.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Look guys, it was totally epic."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I wrecked the library's glass ceiling like, NBD, then I pushed a creeper down there and all the stupid smart dorks cried like tiny stupid babies."
Gunter says: "Wenk wenk."
Live-Giving Magus says: "That's small potaters."
Live-Giving Magus says: "We should do something big."
Live-Giving Magus says: "I got a storage full of live dynamite."
Ice King says: "Hey."
Ice King says: "We should grief Finn and Jake."
Ice King says: "We could plant a tree on the Tree House!"
Ice King says: "Huh.."
Ice King says: "?"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Ugh."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "It's totally obvious you've never griefed anybody."
Ice King says: "That's only technically true."
Ice King says: "And not to be "that guy", but it's actually  "aggrieved"."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "You better grief someone quick if you wanna stay in the Gravel Gang!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Only cool mean girls allowed!"
Ice King says: "I'm ice-cool LSP."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "No!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Call me by my gang name!"
Ice King says: "Okay."
Ice King says: "Gravel Gal."
The scene changes. Finn is walking through a field. He sighs and takes out the diamond. He walks past Lemongrab again.
Lemongrab says: "Hnnngh."
Lemongrab says: "Grooooow!"
Lemongrab says: "Grow."
Lemongrab says: "No grooooowth!"
Marceline, Bubblegum, and a group of skeletons are building a windmill nearby. Marceline stretches, then laughs evilly as she summons lightning. Three new skeletons emerge from the ground.
Marceline says: "Who here loves windmills?"
Marceline says: "Haha, alright."
Marceline says: "Now get to work."
Finn says: "Yo, Marcy."
Finn says: "That's a real nice windmill."
Marceline says: "Thanks."
Marceline says: "When it's done, I'm gonna grind up a whole mass of bone meal."
Skeleton says: "What's that, boss?"
Marceline says: "Keep working, buddy."
Marceline says: "So, whatcha got there?"
Finn says: "A little lump destined for something big."
Marceline says: "Just like your butt."
Marceline says: "Hah!"
Finn says: "Good one."
Finn says: "But no."
Finn says: "I want to turn this diamond into something complex and awesome to really wow Jake."
Marceline says: "Well I recommend building a windmill."
Finn says: "A diamond windmill."
Princess Bubblegum says: "No, that's silly."
Princess Bubblegum says: "You need something more sciencey."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I'm positive Jake will appreciate it for both its fleeting sensation of beauty, and its false sense of purpose."
Finn says: "Up top."
Before Bubblegum can return the high five, Lemongrab screams from off-screen.
Princess Bubblegum says: "What?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Aw blocks."
Lemongrab is repeatedly hitting the lemon with the shovel and grunting.
Finn says: "He's been at it all day."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I should help him."
Princess Bubblegum says: "See you later Finn."
Finn says: "Alright."
Finn says: "M'ladies."
Lemongrab says: "Nyarg!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hey, it's okay buddy."
Lemongrab says: "Can't..."
Lemongrab says: "tree!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "You can't just hit something with a shovel and expect it to do your bidding."
Marceline says: "Yeah you can."
Lemongrab says: "What?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "This is an oak sapling."
Princess Bubblegum says: "This is a jungle sapling."
Princess Bubblegum says: "This is a lot of bone meal."
Marceline says: "Courtesy of Marceline the Bone Meal Queen."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Now we don't actually need the bone meal but it'll help speed things up, and as for the space requirements on the ground, it depends..."
The scene changes. Tree Trunks and Mr. Pig are playing cards in their cabin.
Tree Trunks says: "How many aces do you have?"
Mr. Pig says: "I got five."
Tree Trunks says: "Oh shoot, I only got two."
Finn pokes his head in through a window.
Finn says: "Hey y'all."
Tree Trunks says: "Finn!"
Finn says: "I was just passing through, but I could sure go for one of your famous apple pies."
Tree Trunks says: "Say no more."
Finn says: "I'm no expert, but that kinda looks like a pumpkin."
Tree Trunks says: "Hot pie."
Finn says: "Uh, this might sound a bit weird but I'm kinda tired and it's a long way home..."
Tree Trunks says: "Say no more."
Mr. Pig says: "Fine."
Outside, Tree Trunks saddles Mr. Pig, then Finn crafts a carrot on a stick and mounts him.
Tree Trunks says: "Bye bye boys."
Mr. Pig bucks and winnies.
Finn says: "Whoa!"
Mr. Pig says: "You know you could just tell me where to go."
Finn ignores him. The sky turns orange as the sun begins to set. Mr. Pig is getting tired and is panting. An enderman carrying a block of snow steps onto the path in front of them.
Finn says: "Dude, stop."
Finn says: "Enderman."
Finn says: "Don't look at it."
Mr. Pig says: "What the heck is that?!"
Mr. Pig says: "!"
The enderman turns and screeches at them, angered.
Finn says: "Oh Glob."
The enderman drops the snow block and begins teleporting towards them menacingly. They both scream and Mr. Pig bucks Finn off before running away.
Finn says: "Hey!"
Mr. Pig says: "Wee wee wee!"
Mr. Pig says: "Wee wee wee!"
Mr. Pig says: "Wee wee wee!"
Finn says: "Enderman!"
Finn says: "Fight me!"
Finn says: "Oh no."
As the enderman rushes towards him, Finn closes his eyes and looks down at the ground. This causes the enderman to stop just in front of him.
Finn says: "So, uh..."
Finn says: "Do you have, like, another job, or is this what you do full time?"
Finn says: "I saw you carrying that block back there."
Finn says: "You into building stuff?"
Peppermint Butler enters holding an emerald block, then covers his eyes and runs away after spotting the enderman.
Finn says: "I bet endermen have hobbies just like everyone else."
It begins to rain. The scene changes to show Lemongrab piling bone meal onto the saplings. It suddenly grows into a small tree.
Lemongrab says: "Who-aah?"
Lemongrab says: "Mhmm, mhmm, mhmm."
Princess Bubblegum is sat on top of the finished windmill.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Whew."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Good work."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Let's call it a day."
The skeletons return to the ground and Marceline flies up to join her on the roof. She hands her an apple and they both eat. Darkness falls and the moon rises. Finn is still trapped with the enderman just in front of him. He is sweating profusely and whistling nervously. Lumpy Space Princess is sleeping in a dirt shelter nearby.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Finn, I'm trying to sleep!"
Finn says: "Hey LSP."
Finn says: "Don't be scared."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "What are you even doing, just looking at this guy's toes?"
Finn says: "Yeah, I have to."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Oh."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I don't get it."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Does this guy even have toes?"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Are those his toes?"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I don't think I've ever even seen a toe, come to think of it."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "What am I even talking about?"
The enderman gets so bored of Lumpy Space Princess' rambling that they leave.
Finn says: "Thank you I've been stuck here so long!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Haha."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Sure..."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Ew!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "You're all smelly and wet."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Get out of here!"
Finn says: "Fair enough."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "But come back after you've showered."
Ice King flies up to Finn while he's walking and steals the pumpkin out of his bag.
Ice King says: "Yoink."
Finn says: "Thief!"
Ice King says: "You got griefed!"
Ice King says: "I'm not looking at you!"
Ice King says: "I'm not looking!"
The sun rises the next morning. A sheep gets up from where Lemongrab has been using it as a pillow and he wakes up.
Lemongrab says: "Unacceptable!"
Lemongrab says: "UNACCEPTABLE!"
Tree Trunks enters, carrying a sword and a basket.
Tree Trunks says: "Oh, gracious."
Lemongrab says: "Pie me."
Lemongrab says: "Pie me for my apples."
The scene changes. Jake is kicking diamonds around in the mine. He sniffs the air.
Jake says: "Pie."
Finn enters and hands him the pie.
Finn says: "You won't believe what I went though to get this."
Jake says: "Oh yeah, you were gonna make something right?"
Finn says: "Whoa!"
Finn says: "You did it!"
Finn says: "You took the fruits of our labor and transformed them into something beautiful and unexpected."
Jake pushes all of the diamonds into the lava at once, destroying the pattern.
Finn says: "D'aw come on!"
Finn says: "Diamonds are so hard to get!"
Finn says: "That was supposed to be fireworks."
Jake says: "I like this better."
During the credits sequence, a montage is shown. Marceline and Princess Bubblegum high five having completed the windmill. Tree Trunks and Mr. Pig are left with an excess of pumpkin pies. Lemongrab chops down the apple tree. Ice King builds a dirt shelter while zombies surround him. The enderman places the pumpkin on top of the snow blocks they were carrying earlier, creating a snow golem. The enderman and the snow golem hold hands.
Episode ends.