The episode begins in the Tree Fort, where BMO is starting up a game of Sumo Scootz.
BMO says: "Sumo Scootz!"
BMO says: "Winner!"
Jake says: "Whoo!"
Jake says: "79th consecutive victory!"
Jake says: "Still bummed out about Flame Princess?"
Jake says: "Hmm."
Jake says: "I know what'll fix you up: girl's night out, boy style!"
Jake says: "First, we'll go to the salon, get yo hair did and your nails all—"
Jake says: "wait, no."
Jake says: "First, we'll go to the shops, get you a brand new hat."
Jake says: "Then, we'll—"
Jake says: "A burgler-mer!"
Finn and Jake approach the bathroom door, and Finn kicks it open. Ice King is washing his hands.
Finn says: "Aah!"
Jake says: "Aah!"
 says: "Aah!"
Ice King says: "Aah!"
Finn says: "The Ice King?"
Jake says: "The Ice King?"
Finn says: "Grr—"
Jake says: "Grr—"
Finn says: "eh!"
Jake says: "eh!"
Ice King says: "Jeez, you couldn't wait two seconds?"
Finn says: "Ech."
Finn says: "Why are you stinkin' up our house?"
Ice King says: "Didn't you get my text?"
Ice King says: "It said I'm stayin'  oh, didn't go through."
Ice King says: "Well, anyways, I knew you wouldn't mind since it's sorta your fault I'm homeless, right?"
Finn says: "Right."
Ice King says: "'Cause you tricked your crazy ex into meltin' my Ice Kingdom?"
Finn says: "Mmhm."
Ice King says: "With your lies and secrets?"
Ice King says: "'Member when that happened?"
Jake says: "Dude, you can't stay here if you're gonna stank it up with your bad vibes, man!"
Ice King sprays air freshener, and Finn and Jake cough.
Ice King says: "Yeah, I'm just crashing here while the penguins rebuild."
Ice King says: "I've given Gunter temporary reign."
Gunter, wearing Ice King's crown, is shown constructing ice structures.
Ice King says: "Should be fine."
Finn says: "Flame Princess isn't crazy."
Ice King says: "You're blind, Finn."
Ice King says: "You're blind—"
Ice King says: "wait, she isn't here, is she?"
Finn says: "No."
Ice King says: "Whew!"
Finn says: "She said she wanted time to herself."
Ice King says: "Yeesh."
Jake says: "Yeah, breakups are tough."
Ice King says: "Heh, yeah, like, remember how you and I were married?"
Scene cuts to a forest with smoke rising from it. Flame Princess rips up some grass and burns it.
Flame Princess says: "Uh!"
Flame Princess says: "It's so confusing!"
A spider-like creature lowers itself on its silk near Flame Princess.
Flame Princess says: "Hmm?"
Flame Princess says: "I thought Finn was a stand-up guy, you know?"
Flame Princess says: "But he basically betrayed me."
Spider creature shakes his head sympathetically.
Flame Princess says: "Why do people even have secrets?"
Her heat radiation intensifies and the spider hurriedly scrambles up its silk.
Flame Princess says: "It's like that in the Fire Kingdom, too."
Flame Princess says: "Everyone is all deceitful and Shakespeare."
Flame Princess says: "But out here doesn't seem any different."
Flame Princess says: "And what is that noise?!"
Flame Princess says: "!"
Flame Princess says: "Grrr!"
She sees the spider crawling in mid-air. Princess Bubblegum, invisible, punches the spider off of her face.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Eh."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yeah, yeah."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Just act like I'm not here."
Flame Princess says: "Are you spying on me?!"
Flame Princess says: "!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "What?!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "No, of course not!"
Several cameras and a microphone spontaneously reveal themselves. Princess Bubblegum hits a button on her watch and they become invisible again.
Princess Bubblegum says: "I was observing you—"
Princess Bubblegum says: "for research."
Princess Bubblegum says: "You're a threat, Flame Princess."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Your emotions are directly linked to your combustion levels."
Princess Bubblegum says: "But if I can create a scientific model that describes your complete elemental matrix, I can isolate and suppress your more..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "volatile traits."
Flame Princess says: "So, if you do your research, you'll know how to cut off my emotions so I won't feel like this?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Umm, yeah, basically!"
Flame Princess says: "Then I'll help you."
Princess Bubblegum says: "You will?"
Flame Princess says: "Yes."
Flame Princess says: "I'll do whatever it takes."
Scene cuts to Flame Princess strapped down in a metal room with Princess Bubblegum and Cinnamon Bun observing from behind a large glass window.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Once I press this button, you'll be subjected to a battery of tests to gauge your reflexes, stamina, and your reaction to various emotional stimuli."
Flame Princess says: "This is going to help me understand myself?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "There's a 40% chance we'll be able to identify and isolate your chemical components—"
Princess Bubblegum says: "and yes, understand you in a very scientific way."
Flame Princess says: "Oh."
Flame Princess says: "That's good..."
Flame Princess says: "I guess."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Initiate test."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hello?"
Jake says: "Princess!"
Jake says: "We need you and your Ball Blam Burglerber right away!"
Jake says: "Gunter has created a race of strangling snow snakes, or snow-a-constrictors!"
Snow-a-constrictors are shown wrapped around Ice King and Finn, who is hacking at one with his sword.
Jake says: "Aaaah—"
Princess Bubblegum hits the button, lowering a large metal contraption towards Flame Princess. A small screen hanging by a cord drops down.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Okay, Cinnamon Bun, all you have to do is write down the numbers that appear on this monitor."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Can you do that one thing?"
Cinnamon Bun says: "Yes."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, one other thing."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Do not open that door."
Princess Bubblegum says: "So that's two things: write down the numbers, do not open that door."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Got it?"
Cinnamon Bun says: "Yes, Princess."
Scene cuts to Cinnamon Bun opening the very same door as the floor underneath him stretches toward Flame Princess.
Cinnamon Bun says: "Hello."
Flame Princess says: "Hello."
Cinnamon Bun says: "You look sad."
Flame Princess says: "Yeah, but mostly I'm confused."
Cinnamon Bun says: "Ha, me too."
Flame Princess says: "Really?"
Cinnamon Bun says: "Yeah."
Cinnamon Bun says: "Bubblegum is bad."
Flame Princess says: "She is?!"
Flame Princess says: "!"
Cinnamon Bun says: "I don't know."
Cinnamon Bun says: "Wanna pet my dog?!"
Cinnamon Bun says: "!"
Cinnamon Bun says: "He lives at my house."
Flame Princess says: "What about the tests?"
Cinnamon Bun says: "I'm not good at tests."
Scene cuts to Cinnamon Bun's house, where Flame Princess is sitting on the couch next to Cinnamon Bun's "dog" a squash with a mop on its head. Cinnamon Bun is preparing tea.
Flame Princess places her hand on the wound, healing it perfectly.
Cinnamon Bun says: "We're friends."
Flame Princess says: "Yeah, I really get you, but sometimes friends are hard to understand."
Flame Princess says: "Sometimes you think you know them, but you find out they're just playing mind games."
Cinnamon Bun says: "Is the princess your friend?"
Flame Princess says: "I don't know."
Cinnamon Bun says: "Yeah, because why did she lock you up in jail when you were a little baby?"
Cinnamon Bun says: "That was a weird friend thing."
[Title card says: "15 YEARS AGO."
[Title card says: "Scene cuts to the Fire Kingdom."
Messenger says: "The word!"
Messenger says: "The word!"
Flame King says: "What's the word?"
Messenger says: "The word is your newborn baby will have greater powers than you'll ever dream of."
Flame King says: "Uh..."
Flame King says: "have my baby sent into the wilderness of the outside world to perish."
Messenger says: "Okay!"
Scene cuts to the messenger carrying a baby Flame Princess through a forest. He sets her down, and she tries to walk but falls backwards. The messenger catches her.
Messenger says: "Oop."
Messenger says: "Hup."
Flame Princess starts walking on her own away from the messenger.
Messenger says: "Ah!"
Scene cuts to the messenger handing Flame Princess to Rock Woodsman.
Rock Woodsman says: "Ho-ho!"
Flame Princess walks into the lumberjack's house and sets it on fire.
Rock Woodsman says: "WAAAAAAAAAH!"
Flame Princess says: "Ca'tle."
Princess Bubblegum says: "What's this?"
Scene cuts to Princess Bubblegum in a fireproof suit walking up to Flame Princess.
Flame Princess says: "Kih, kih."
Princess Bubblegum picks her up.
Princess Bubblegum says: "A princess?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Must've wandered off."
Scene cuts to Fire Kingdom.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Flame King?"
Flame King says: "What do you want, princess of the Gum World?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I found your lost daughter."
Flame King says: "I-I don't remember losing anything."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Pssh."
Flame King says: "Okay, you got me."
Flame King says: "I had her sent to wander in the woods."
Flame King says: "I was in fear of being usurped."
Flame King says: "Come on."
Princess Bubblegum says: "That's your problem, but you can't just let her run around the woods."
Princess Bubblegum says: "She's too dangerous."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Find some way to contain her power, or I will."
Flame King says: "Pssh, fine."
Scene cuts to baby Flame Princess in the lantern.
Scene cuts back to Flame Princess in Cinnamon Bun's house.
Flame Princess says: "Is everybody in this world hiding something?"
Cinnamon Bun says: "It's fun to hide."
Flame Princess says: "You're all right."
Flame Princess says: "Why can't everybody be honest like you?"
Flame Princess says: "Maybe I should just go back where I belong."
Cinnamon Bun says: "Wait, do you mean baby jail?"
Flame Princess says: "I don't know, man."
Cinnamon Bun says: "Mmmm..."
Scene cuts to Finn and Princess Bubblegum walking up to a metal door.
Finn says: "Fighting snow-a-constrictors really helped take my mind off things."
Finn shakes snow off his head as Princess Bubblegum pushes buttons on a keypad next to the door.
Finn says: "So, uh, why am I here again?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, I just wanted to measure Flame Princess's reaction when confronted by the guy who broke her heart."
Finn frowns, and the door opens.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hey, Cinnamon Bun, I'm—"
The metal contraption is out of control, frantically moving up and down and smoking.
Princess Bubblegum says: "CINNAMON BUN!!!"
Scene cuts to Cinnamon Bun's house. Finn and Princess Bubblegum arrive via carriage and walk up to the door.
Princess Bubblegum says: "There's a note  "Gon 2 fyr kingdum."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Pleez watch dog."
Cinnamon Bun's "dog" is on the doorstep next to a bowl of dog food.
Finn says: "Oh, this is terrible!"
Finn says: "If Flame Princess goes back there, her evil dad will lock her up again!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "And if she's imprisoned, I won't be able to complete my tests, and I'll have wasted my precious time!"
Finn says: "We gotta save her."
Finn says: "Let's doogie!"
Scene cuts to Fire Kingdom. Finn and Princess Bubblegum, dressed in fireproof suits, walk up to a couple Flame Guards.
Flame Guard #1 says: "State your business here, and be quick about it."
Flame Guard #1 says: "Sorry, I'm on edge 'cause I'm worried that Jerry here will find out I'm dating his sister."
Jerry turns his head.
Finn says: "Listen, we need to get into the castle right now."
Flame Guard #1 says: "Yeah, but why?"
Finn says: "Grrr!"
Finn says: "So I can go to your mama's house!"
Finn says: "Now get outta my way!"
Jerry says: "Doesn't your mom live in a nursing home?"
Flame Guard #1 says: "Yeah, and in a different city."
Flame Guard #1 says: "C'mon, dude, you gotta be honest here."
Finn says: "Honest my fist!"
Finn says: "Come on, Princess!"
The two run inside but are blasted back by a huge fireball.
Flame Guard #2 says: "D'aw, yeah!"
Flame Guard #2 says: "Gonna scramble you and fry you up for brunch!"
Flame Guard #2 says: "I try to act tough but I really wanted to be a chef."
Finn says: "Man."
A Flame Person walks up to the three guards.
Jerry says: "Halt."
Jerry says: "What is your business here?"
Flame Person says: "I need to get inside to file my taxes."
Flame Person says: "Also I like using the bathroom here."
Flame Person says: "Also I like to crop dust the lobby."
Flame Guard #2 says: "Pass, friend."
Finn says: "Alright, so you wanna get nasty?"
Finn says: "One time, I blew a snot bubble that broke off and floated away."
Finn says: "Then it hit some lady's baby in the face, and it started crying."
Princess Bubblegum says: "And I really enjoy the taste of envelopes."
Flame Guard #1 says: "Uh, that's cool and all, but you still haven't told us why you want to get in."
Princess Bubblegum says: "We need to see the king?"
Flame Guard #1 says: "Well, why didn't you just say so?"
Flame Guard #1 says: "Right this way, friends."
Flame Guard #1 says: "the new Flame King."
Finn says: "Flame Princess?"
Flame Princess says: "Finn?"
Finn says: "You're okay!"
Finn says: "Um, how's it going?"
Flame Princess says: "Pretty good."
Flame Princess says: "Cinnamon Bun and I staged a coup and I overthrew my dad."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh-ho, that's why the guards were wigging out."
Flame Princess says: "That is the new way in the Fire Kingdom."
Flame Princess says: "Total honesty is the law of the land—"
Flame Princess says: "no secrets."
Finn says: "Oh."
Flame King says: "Right, can you believe this nonsense?"
Flame King says: "Once I get outta here, I'm gonna ground you for real."
Flame King says: "No snacks, no friends, no popular music."
Flame Princess says: "You never let me have any of those things!"
Flame Princess says: "You were a selfish king and a bad parent!"
Flame King says: "But I did it for you, honey—"
Flame King says: "for you not to overthrow me like you just did."
Flame Princess says: "You belong in that lamp!"
Flame Princess says: "And if you don't settle down, you'll have to answer to Cinnamon Bun!"
Cinnamon Bun says: "Hi."
Finn says: "Wow."
Finn says: "She's even awesomer than I remember."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Take off that silly hat."
Princess Bubblegum says: "We're going home."
Cinnamon Bun says: "No."
Cinnamon Bun says: "Look,  got a real dog now!"
Cinnamon Bun says: "Hah."
Finn says: "Flame Princess, listen."
Finn says: "I'm really sorry I lied and hurt your feelings, and I was a big fat jerk—"
Flame Princess says: "Finn, it's okay."
Flame Princess says: "It's in the past now."
Finn says: "So, does that mean we're still going out?"
Flame Princess says: "No."
Flame Princess says: "I've realized my place is here, ruling these weak and vicious Fire People."
Finn says: "I see."
Flame Princess says: "But we're cool."
Flame Princess says: "You're welcome to come back and hang out whenever you like if you promise me one thing."
Finn says: "Anything."
Flame Princess says: "That you'll be completely honest with me."
Finn says: "Heh."
Finn says: "Okay."
Finn says: "I promise."
Flame Princess says: "I'm serious."
Finn says: "Hmm."
Episode ends.