This episode starts in the Time Room. A guardian of the Citadel is taking the Lich in a crystal that he had previously caged him in. The guardian starts to take the Lich out of the Time room through a portal. Finn runs towards it while Jake jumps on Finn's back.
Finn says: "Wait, wait, wait, wait!"
Jake stretches Finn and himself on the Lich, and the guardian pulls them all out of the Time Room as if it were made of Jello. The guardian brings them towards the Citadel. Jake looks back to the Time Room.
Finn says: "Look, Jake."
Finn says: "More guardians."
Finn says: "The Citadel, I presume."
Jake says: "Likely so."
Finn says: "Hey."
Finn says: "Do you think maybe one of them could be my dad?"
Jake says: "Eh, I don't think so."
Jake says: "We'll probably know when we see him."
Finn says: "Right, right."
Finn says: "That makes sense."
They arrive at the Citadel. Jake turns into stairs that Finn walks down. The Lich is teleported to the floating crystal pillar on the top in front of where Finn and Jake can see him.
Finn says: "Hey!"
Finn says: "The Lich again!"
Finn says: "This must be where the prison cells be at."
Finn says: "See?"
Finn says: "Good riddance, too."
Finn says: "I hope you rot forever, you awful jerk-clapper."
Finn says: "Some people just make the world a worse place to be in just by being around, Jake."
Finn says: "That's right."
Finn says: "Bad apples."
Finn says: "Lock 'em all up, I say."
Finn says: "At the bottom of the ocean, where it's too dark to see."
The camera view moves to a figure inside one of the crystal shards.
Jake says: "Look at that weird ol' kid over there."
Jake says: "He looks just like you."
Jake says: "Man, look at his clo—"
Finn says: "Daddyyy!"
Finn says: "All locked up in there."
Finn says: "D-Do you think maybe he's a criminal too?"
Jake says: "Well, it had crossed my mind."
Finn says: "Jake, what did you do?"
Jake says: "It wasn't me!"
Jake says: "It came from up there!"
Finn looks up to see The Lich's crystal cell fully gray and spreading his grayness and black fire to other cells with prisoners that are gray and have escaped or are still in their cells. The prison is being destroyed by this. Finn is shocked by this.
Finn says: "Breaking cats out left and right!"
Finn says: "Turning cats gray!"
Finn says: "Did he trick us again!"
Finn says: "?"
Finn says: "I think he did!"
Martin says: "Hey, kid!"
Martin says: "This fire smells crazy!"
One of the escaped prisoners gets zapped in the background. Finn goes to Jake. Jake turns into a wrecking ball and twists him around his body then twists the other way to knock Jake into the crystal cell and saves his dad.
Martin says: "Thanks, kid."
Martin says: "Now, where'd you guys park your Star Skipper?"
Martin says: "This place is coming down quick, and I mean quick, like zip zip."
Martin says: "Like wow, like boom boom wow."
Finn says: "Oh."
Finn says: "We..."
Finn says: "we don't have a Star Skipper."
Jake says: "Also, Finn'ss your son."
Martin says: "Whaaat?"
Martin says: "No Star Skipper?"
Jake says: "Ahem!"
Jake says: "I said, Finn's your son."
Jake says: "He came a long way to meet you."
Martin says: "Son?"
Martin says: "Oh, hey, good for you, kid."
Martin says: "In other news, I still gotta get out of here and the ground is melting."
Martin says: "Huh?"
Martin says: "It's all pooling in the center."
Finn says: "Hey, um..."
Finn says: "I..."
Finn says: "I wanted to ask you something."
Finn says: "I..."
Finn says: "well..."
All the prisoners are loose and most of them are fighting one another. A Void Caster opens a void portal which hits a guardian with a meteor. The guardian aims a laser at the Void Caster, but misses. The Void Caster opens another portal to the head of the guardian. He tries to zap him but dies due to a train—driven by Starchie—to the head.
Starchie says: "Aaah!"
Void Caster says: "Gree-nah-gah-ga-ba-ga-ga-da-da-ga-ga."
Jake says: "Finn, I know we normally come out of these things okay, but I got a bad feeling about this."
Jake says: "Just promise me, if both my eyes get fried off, you'll fry yours off too."
Jake stretches his arms and pulls Finn out of the water.
Finn says: "What?"
Finn says: "No."
Finn says: "Easy peasy."
Martin says: "Yeah, Jake, smarten up."
Martin says: "As soon as the last guardian dies, the fighting stops."
Martin says: "See?"
Martin says: "He's bitin' the dust right now."
A guardian is dying with black flames on its head. It shoots a parting laser before it fully bites the dust and it burns off Martin's lower leg, exposing the bone underneath. Brutal.
Finn says: "Aahh!"
Finn says: "Uh oh!"
While Finn is speaking, Martin falls over. Jake crouches over holds his head and breathes.
Martin says: "It's-- It's okay."
Martin says: "It's okay."
Martin says: "You just gotta fetch me a gob of that guardian blood, son."
Martin says: "It's got that good nooch that keeps us young in the crystal."
Finn says: "Nooch?"
Martin says: "Come on now, partner."
Jake has stretched to form a bridge between two islands. Finn walks across.
Martin says: "Atta boy, Flynn!"
Martin says: "Do it for yer old man!"
Martin says: "Yeah, yeah, just get right in there!"
Martin says: "Don't be shy."
Martin says: "Yeah!"
Finn reaches the other side. He plunges his hands into the gooey white substance. He manages to pull a large blob from the mass and falls over backwards into the water. He hurries back over.
Martin says: "Hey, good job, son!"
Martin says: "Now, rub some of that sap on my leg there."
Martin says: "Make sure to get it into the chicken wing hole."
Finn says: "Dad..."
Martin says: "Martin!"
Finn says: "Okay, M-Martin."
Finn says: "We need to talk."
Martin says: "Yeah, okay, kid, but hurry it up."
Martin says: "I'm trying to act cool here, but this thing really stings!"
Finn says: "Why'd you abandon me in the forest when I was a little baby!"
Finn says: "?"
Martin says: "Oh..."
Martin says: "I mean..."
Martin says: "Heh."
Martin says: "You know me."
Martin says: "I'm a funny guy!"
Martin says: "Ahhh, I dunno."
Martin says: "It was a long time ago."
Martin says: "maybe you left me!"
Holding the sap, Finn looks unhappy. Jake looks angry towards Martin.
Martin says: "Pssh, couldn't fix the boot too, huh?"
Jake says: "Dude!!"
Jake says: "S'mores important junk happening!"
Jake says: "Look!"
Black fire is bubbling the melted sea-like crystal. The crystal that was holding the Lich has turned from pink to gray pops up from the melted crystal. The camera goes to Finn and Jake. Jake runs across the scene.
Finn says: "It's time to peel bananas on this fool, as a family!"
Finn says: "Dad?"
Martin says: "I gotta run to the store!"
Finn says: "Wha?"
The Lich is standing and surrounded by black fire. He takes a step. The only part of Billy that is still attached to him is his eye. Billy's eye slides off the Lich. He turns the surrounding area fully black.
The Lich says: "Fall."
Finn and Jake are forced to the floor. The Lich walks toward Finn. The Lich laughs menacingly. Finn finds the strength to get on his legs and knees. He looks towards Jake, who can't get up.
The Lich says: "You are alone, child."
The Lich says: "These Ancients are just the beginning."
As the Lich talks, He walks over to Finn and Finn is trying to attack. Weakly, he gets his sword out and falls over while groaning. He falls in the guardian blood.
The Lich says: "I will command a great and terrible army; and we will sail to a billion worlds."
The Lich says: "We will sail until every light has been extinguished."
The Lich says: "You are strong, child."
The Lich says: "But I am beyond strength."
The Lich says: "I am the end."
Finn says: "Jake, finish off the Lich."
Finn says: "I gotta go catch my dad."
Jake says: "Finn, forget that loser!"
Finn dives in the crystal-like sea and swims to his dad. Martin is humming to himself and is climbing up the shard.
Finn says: "Dad, wait!"
Finn starts coming up to the shard. Martin glances back to see him, then goes back to climbing. He gets to the top.
Martin says: "Hey, cool guys."
Martin says: "Looking for a new boss?"
Martin says: "Chew faster, that guy's really moving."
The centipede cuts the shard before Finn makes it. He grabs both shard pieces and tries to pull them back together. He seems to be losing his grip.
Finn says: "Dad!"
Finn says: "Stop!"
Finn has almost lost his grip. Jake pulls him to help keep it together.
Finn says: "Martin, I won't let you escape!"
Martin says: "gas in this buggy."
The Void Caster nods his head. He opens a void and it pulls the crystal toward another dimension.
Jake says: "Finn!"
Jake says: "Let go!"
Jake says: "He's not worth it!"
Finn is still struggling to keep hold, and his face gets more red the more effort he puts into keeping hold. The grass sword on Finn's arm forms into a large, grassy, spiny arm which grows bigger and bursts his clothes off as he screams. Jake gasps. The grass arm now intertwines with the shard.
Martin says: "Oh, gross."
Martin says: "Pedal to the metal!"
The Void Caster makes the void larger. The strength of the other void causes Finn's grass arm to snap off, thus taking his forearm along with it. Jake gasps. Finn falls into the ocean. The crystal and other half of the shard go into the void.
Martin says: "Hey, what about air—"
Martin says: "?"
While Finn is in the ocean, a small bit of the guardians' blood touches his arm and makes a flower. Jake pulls Finn in from the ocean and onto the small island. Jake moves Finn's hair out of his face and sits him up.
Jake says: "It'll be okay, dude."
Shelby comes out of Jake's ear and tears up. He lies on Finn's arm. Finn smiles. He grimaces at his arm.
Finn says: "I mean, at least you finished off the Lich, right?"
Jake perks up.
Jake says: "Oh, yeah, that's the good news: I didn't have to!"
Jake says: "One sec."
Jake says: "I like him a lot."
Finn smiles. A train whistles.
Starchie says: "Over here, fellas!"
Starchie says: "Next stop, the Candy Kingdom."
Starchie says: "Previous stop, this weird place."
In the Land of Ooo, Mr. Pig and Tree Trunks are having breakfast. Mr. Pig is reading the newspaper.
Tree Trunks says: "Mr."
Tree Trunks says: "Pig, I think we should get a d—"
Someone rings the doorbell. They both look at the door.
Jake says: "Okay, run."
Jake says: "Go, go, go!"
They open the door.
Tree Trunks says: "Oh!"
Tree Trunks says: "Oh, this changes everything!"
The Lich is in a basket.
The Lich says: "Hello!"