The episode begins in a prehistoric setting. Dinosaurs roam a rocky field. The camera pans into Nina running away from Gunther, who is yelling at her.
Gunther says: "Stop, demon!"
Gunther says: "Get back here, I say!"
Gunther says: "Ha ha, nowhere to run."
Gunther says: "I, the great and powerful Urgence Evergreen, command you to freeze into a million pieces and leave young Gunther alone!"
Gunther points at Nina, expecting her to freeze. Nina turns her head and meows much like a cat.
Gunther says: "Foolish demon, you leave me no choice."
Gunther says: "Zap, zap zap zap zap!"
Gunther says: "What?"
Gunther looks down at Nina, who walks over to Gunther and rubs her head against the rock he is standing on.
Gunther says: "No, Nina!"
Gunther says: "You're supposed to be frozen."
Gunther says: "Nina!"
A red flash of light appears in the distance. Gunther looks over at a nearby ice tower, where a fire and a portal appear.
Gunther says: "Nina, the portals!"
Gunther says: "The Elementals are gathering!"
Gunther says: "C'mon, you blockhead!"
A pink portal appears, and Gunther and Nina run towards the ice tower where it appeared. They run up several flights of stairs, going through several rooms in the tower. They pass by a potion room, and they finally reach the top where the Elementals have gathered.
Chatsberry says: "I just think we should discuss this, Evergreen."
The camera pans out to show the top of the tower. The portals and elementals of Candy, Ice, Slime, and Fire are meeting there. The camera then zooms in to Evergreen talking about a deadly comet heading towards the Earth.
Evergreen says: ""Discuss"?!"
Evergreen says: "!"
Evergreen says: "Are you listening, Chatsberry?"
Evergreen says: "Once this comet hits, everybody dies."
Evergreen says: "Not just everybody, but us, but us!"
Balthus says: "Now, now, hold on, Evergreen."
Balthus says: "Hath not a comet impacted our world every thousand years with no lasting grievousness?"
Evergreen says: "Ahh, but this, Balthus, is no ordinary comet."
Evergreen says: "Behold!"
Evergreen creates a sphere of ice to act as a magnifying glass for the rest of the elementals to see through. They all gasp in horror as they gaze at the comet.
Evergreen says: "See how it writhes?"
Evergreen says: "It aches for our extinction."
Evergreen says: "It—"
Evergreen says: "!"
Chatsberry says: "But Evergreen, even if the comet is as dangerous as you say, what can we possibly do?"
Evergreen says: "We build a crown."
Chatsberry says: ""A crown"?"
Evergreen says: "Like none seen before, or ever after!"
Evergreen says: "A magical crown whose phantasmal circuitry will bond to its first bearer and grant him his one deepest wish..."
Evergreen says: "The enchanted Ruby Eyes of the ancient lava dog, Magwood!"
Evergreen says: "And that's where you come in."
Chatsberry says: "Wait, wait!"
Chatsberry says: "Evergreen, please."
Chatsberry says: "Wish Magic is really the real deal!"
Chatsberry says: "This wish may see things in you you cannot see yourself."
Chatsberry says: "Can you truly say you know your heart's truest desire?"
Balthus says: "I'm with Chatsberry."
Balthus says: "If this comet hits, we four indeed may perish."
Balthus says: "But the Elements we embody—"
Balthus says: "Fire, Ice, Candy, and Slime—"
Balthus says: "will live on!"
Balthus says: "But a misplaced wish could cause irreversible damage to the very structure of existence!"
Evergreen says: "Well, that's just great."
Evergreen says: "What about you, Slimy D?"
Slimy D says: "Yo, yo."
Slimy D says: "My name's Slimy D, and I'm here to—"
Balthus says: "Slimy D stands with us."
Chatsberry says: "We reject your plan, Urgence Evergreen!"
Evergreen says: "Very well then."
Evergreen says: "You leave me no choice."
He moves his arms around and freezes Balthus and Slimy D in blocks of ice. Chatsberry fires jelly beans at Evergreen from his hand accompanied by nasty farting noises before Evergreen has a chance to freeze him.
Chatsberry says: "Urgence!"
Chatsberry says: "Stop!"
Chatsberry says: "You'll doom us..."
Chatsberry says: "all!"
Evergreen blasts Chatsberry with a beam of ice, freezing him.
Evergreen says: "Ingrate!"
Evergreen says: "Hmm!"
Evergreen says: "Doom you to no doom, maybe!"
Evergreen says: "Come on, Gunther."
Evergreen says: "Get your head in the game."
Gunther says: "Sorry, Master Evergreen."
Evergreen says: "And he expects me to teach him the ways of magic?"
Evergreen says: "As if."
The scene goes to the comet speeding towards Earth. It then changes to Evergreen riding on a palanquin being rolled along on top of pillars of ice. Gunther and Nina walk alongside him on the ground, with Gunther carrying his and Evergreen's things.
Gunther says: "No, you're right."
Gunther says: "Ooh, boy..."
Gunther steps in an anthill, and ants crawl over him. The scene changes to Evergreen and Gunther setting up a camp.
Gunther says: "Gettin' fat, right?"
Evergreen says: "Hmm."
Gunther says: "However, I would suggest this is still a nice night."
Gunther says: "It's quiet."
Evergreen says: "Hmm, it is quiet."
Evergreen says: "Why don't you put on some music?"
Evergreen says: "The chimes, Gunther."
Gunther says: "Okay."
He hops into the large bag he was carrying. He digs around through the bottles in the bag. He pulls out a bottle with a drum on it and opens it. An imp appears and starts playing the drum. Gunther sits down and listens. He starts rocking back and forth in time to the music.
Evergreen says: "Gunther!"
Evergreen says: "I said "chimes"!"
Evergreen says: "Gunther, no!"
Gunther says: "Sorry, Master, I'll put him back."
Gunther starts poking the imp creature with the bottle. It starts yelling.
Ice Imp says: "Heeeeey!"
Ice Imp says: "Mmm, what?"
Evergreen says: "Oh, never mind."
Evergreen says: "Here, take the jar and find me some water."
Evergreen says: "There's not enough moisture in the air for me to make an ice camp."
Gunther says: "Uh, Master?"
Gunther says: "I'm sorry, I don't think I've seen any water at all today."
Evergreen says: "Just do it."
Evergreen says: "Don't anger Daddy."
Gunther says: "Wait, are you my father?"
Evergreen says: "No, but I stole your egg and mutated your brain—"
Evergreen says: "get going!"
Gunther says: "Hmm."
Gunther and Nina travel over a small hill of rocks to find a single source of water.
Gunther says: "Heh, you don't know where you're going, do you, girl?"
Gunther says: "Man, you know who I like?"
Gunther says: "Master Evergreen."
Gunther says: "He can do anything; one thing he's gonna do—"
Gunther says: "he said he's gonna teach me magic."
Gunther says: "I can be like him!"
With the jar barely able to fit under the structure, Gunther grunts in frustration as he jams the jar under to get more. Nina puts a reassuring paw on Gunther only to be smacked.
Gunther says: "Nina, no!"
Nina obediently curls by his side as he scoops the water by hand to fill the jar. Later Gunther and Nina make it back to the camp site.
Gunther says: "Master Evergreen, I found the water so you could build a—"
Gunther says: "oh,  I guess he also found water, too."
Ice Imp says: "Heeeeey?!"
Ice Imp says: "!"
Evergreen, Gunther, and Nina stand on a block of ice that moves slowly down a river of flowing lava. They then enter the area of Magwood.
Evergreen says: "Now, Gunther, listen to me."
Evergreen says: "Don't follow me into Magwood's lair or else he'll melt your dome!"
Gunther says: "Yeah..."
Evergreen walks around the corner.
Evergreen says: "Oh, Gunther!"
Evergreen says: "You should see this!"
Gunther says: "Okay!"
Evergreen says: "Gunther, no!"
Evergreen says: "You failed; he'll melt your dome."
Evergreen enters the lair, and sees a small Magwood sleeping on a column.
Evergreen says: "Not as grand as you once were, eh?"
Evergreen steps on a small skeleton. The sound is enough to awaken Magwood, whose size increases. Outside of the lair, Gunther worryingly fidgets and cringes at the sounds he hears as his master and Magwood battle. He gets up and walks in to the lair.
Gunther says: "Master Evergreen, I'm sorry, but I got worried."
Gunther says: "Yeeeee!!"
An enraged Magwood has chased Evergreen to a hanging stalactite. The wizard blasts ice at the creature, who then bites at the stalactite. Evergreen falls into a pit as lava encroaches from above.
Gunther says: "Ah!"
Gunther says: "Oh, boy!"
Gunther says: "Uh, maybe maybe maybe, maybe I can do magic!"
The basket of bottles spill, and the bongo-playing ice imp is released.
Gunther says: "Shh!"
Ice Imp says: "That's what you get!"
Ice Imp says: "Heeeey..."
Ice Imp says: "."
Evergreen says: "This is why I don't teach you magic."
Back at Evergreen's home.
Gunther says: "Niiina, Hiiina, Iiiina, Fiiina—"
Evergreen says: "Gunther!"
Evergreen says: "The heck are you doing?!"
Evergreen says: "!"
Evergreen says: "Get in here, Gunther!"
Evergreen says: "Oh, there you are, you blockhead."
Evergreen says: "Quickly, take your position."
Evergreen says: "We have precious little time."
Evergreen says: "Once I complete the bonding chant, you deactivate the force field."
Evergreen says: "Ow, my bread balls!"
With the room in ruins, the floor falls away. Gunther is knocked unconscious only to wake with his master calling to him.
Evergreen says: "Gunther?!"
Evergreen says: "!"
Evergreen says: "Gunther, can you hear me?!"
Evergreen says: "!"
Gunther says: "Yeah—"
Gunther says: "yes, Master Evergreen!"
Evergreen says: "Okay, good."
Evergreen says: "Now, aiming at the sound of my voice, throw the crown so it lands right on the top of my head."
Gunther says: "I—"
Gunther says: "wait, what?"
Evergreen says: "No, no, there's no time!"
Evergreen says: "It must be you, Gunther!"
Gunther says: "Me?"
Evergreen says: "Don't worry, it's easy."
Evergreen says: "Even a mush-head like you couldn't donk it up too bad."
Evergreen says: "Just focus on your deepest truest wish, the destruction of the deadly comet, and the rest will take care of itself."
Gunther says: "Gunther, no!"
Gunther says: "Gunther, no!"
Gunther says: "Gunther, no!"
Evergreen says: "Gunther?"
Evergreen says: "Buddy?"
Evergreen says: "What are you wishing for down there?"
Evergreen says: "Gunther..."
Evergreen says: "no..."
Evergreen says: "That's the wrong wish!"
Evergreen says: "You've got to snap out of it!"
Evergreen says: "Use a concentration spell or, or a basic focusing charm—"
Evergreen says: "like I taught you..."
Evergreen says: "I mean, like I meant to teach you..."
Gunther says: "Gunther, no!"
Gunther says: "Gunther, no!"
Gunther says: "Gunther, no!"
Gunther says: "Gunther, no!"
Gunther says: "Gunther, no!"
Gunther says: "Gunther, no!"
The comet approaches and all fades to neon green.
Morning. The Ice Kingdom in the present world of Ooo. Ice King, current wearer of the Crown, is seen jumping on his bed, dreaming the tragic events played out in the distant past.
Ice King says: "Gunther, no!"
Ice King says: "Gunther, no!"
Ice King says: "Gunther, no!"
Ice King says: "Gunther, noooooo!"
Ice King says: "Something in my teeth?"
Ice King says: "Something in my hair?"
Ice King says: "Something in my nose?"
Ice King says: "Something in my ear?"
[As Ice King says the latter lines says: "a new comet, light blue in color."
the scene changes to the outside of the Ice Kingdom. In the morning sky says: "a new comet, light blue in color."
a twinkling new light - easily mistaken for a star - glints into view. A fade in to the depths of outer space reveals the source of the light says: "a new comet, light blue in color."
[As Ice King says the latter lines says: "Destination: Earth."
the scene changes to the outside of the Ice Kingdom. In the morning sky says: "Destination: Earth."
a twinkling new light - easily mistaken for a star - glints into view. A fade in to the depths of outer space reveals the source of the light says: "Destination: Earth."
[As Ice King says the latter lines says: "Zoom in to the comet, fast approaching, then slowly and surely fade to black."
the scene changes to the outside of the Ice Kingdom. In the morning sky says: "Zoom in to the comet, fast approaching, then slowly and surely fade to black."
a twinkling new light - easily mistaken for a star - glints into view. A fade in to the depths of outer space reveals the source of the light says: "Zoom in to the comet, fast approaching, then slowly and surely fade to black."
[As Ice King says the latter lines says: "And so the end begins again..."
the scene changes to the outside of the Ice Kingdom. In the morning sky says: "And so the end begins again..."
a twinkling new light - easily mistaken for a star - glints into view. A fade in to the depths of outer space reveals the source of the light says: "And so the end begins again..."
Episode ends.