In the Tree Fort, Jake is knitting on the couch and humming to himself. A fly-sized Magic Man flies in and lands on his head.
Magic Man says: "Bzzz, bzzz, bzzz, bzzz."
Magic Man says: "The waffle doll shall fall lest you eat the yellow dough."
Jake's face starts sliding down from his head and onto his chest. It then sinks into his body. Jake wakes up looking at a yellow sky.
Jake says: "Huh?"
Jake says: "Uh..."
Jake says: "Huh."
Jake says: "Hmm."
Jake says: "Everything's made of..."
Jake says: "me."
A forest, mountains, and a flower grow out of the ground.
Jake says: "Pretty neat."
Jake says: "I bet there's, like—"
Jake says: "like a cool city or something around here."
A city grows out of the ground.
Jake says: "Nice."
Jake says: "Jake City."
Inside, Jake People grow out of the sidewalk and walk past him while waving.
Jake Person says: "Hi!"
Jake says: "Oh, uh, hi!"
Across the street, some more people wave to him.
Jake Person says: "Jake!"
Jake Person says: "How you doing, Jake?"
Jake says: "Uh, good, man!"
Jake says: "Good!"
A car drives past; its driver waves.
Jake says: "Man, this place is awesome!"
Jake says: "Cool dolls!"
Jake says: "They look like the rare antique kind."
Jake says: "Maybe my kids will like them."
Jake says: "Mm."
Jake says: "Wonder what my kids are gonna have for dinner."
Jake says: "Maybe pizza..."
The ground starts rumbling.
Jake says: "Whoa-oh!"
Jake says: "Some kind of Jake-quake..."
Behind him, Goose grows out of the ground.
Goose says: "Eh?"
Goose says: "Is that Jake?"
Jake says: "Hey there, um..."
Goose says: "C'mon, man!"
Goose says: "It's Goose!"
Goose says: "Your best friend, Goose!"
Jake says: "Oh, uh, of course!"
Jake says: "Goose!"
Goose says: "Aww, Jake, Jake, Jake, Jake, Jake, ya big goof!"
Goose says: "How long's it been?"
Goose says: "Two, three years?"
Jake says: "Let's see, uh..."
Jake says: "one, two, uh..."
Jake says: "I've never been here."
Goose says: ""I've never been here."
Goose says: "" You've still got it, Jake."
Goose says: "C'mon!"
Goose says: "Let's get you home."
Goose says: "Everyone's waiting for you at the party."
Jake says: "Eh—"
Jake says: "party?"
Goose says: "No."
Goose says: "Par-tay!"
Jake and Goose walk to the party. Outside the building, a group of people cheer and applaud his arrival, and a band plays a lively tune. A banner reads "WELCOME HOME JAKE." Inside, portraits of Jake and his family line the walls, and dozens of partygoers dance. Jake and Goose are building card houses.
Jake says: "Do it again, Goose!"
Goose bounces his head up and down so his jowls slap together.
Goose says: "Hey, Jake."
Jake says: "Hey, what?"
Goose says: "Now that you're back, how 'bout that five bucks you still owe me?"
Jake says: "Uh, what five bucks?"
Goose says: "Cheeseburger cheesecake ring a bell?"
Just then, another Jake-quake shakes the building.
Jake says: "What—"
Jake says: "?"
Jake says: "What is that?"
Goose says: "Oh, oh, that."
Goose says: "Don't worry about that."
Goose says: "Do not—"
Goose says: "don't worry about that."
Jake says: "Hmm."
Jake says: "I'm hungies, Goose."
Goose says: "I think there's a leftover nacho basket or something in the fridge."
The building rumbles briefly, knocking down the partially built card houses.
Goose says: "Cold cut-and-nacho sandwiches!"
Another brief Jake-quake occurs.
Jake says: "All right!"
Jake says: "but Jakey needs nachos!"
Jake says: "Aah!"
Someone knocks on the front door. Jake answers it.
Urchin says: "Mr."
Urchin says: "Jake!"
Urchin says: "Mr."
Urchin says: "Jake!"
Urchin says: "Mr."
Urchin says: "Jake, the Mayor wants to see you straightaway."
Jake says: "Alright, lad, show me the way!"
In the Tree Fort, Finn walks up to Jake.
Finn says: "Jake!"
Finn says: "Hey, I got a for-real important question: do you like cereal in your cake?"
Finn says: "Jake?"
Finn says: "Mm-mm-mm."
Urchin says: "Mr."
Urchin says: "Mayor."
Mayor says: "Urchin, thank you for your help."
Mayor says: "Help yourself to the herring cakes."
Urchin says: "Right-o!"
Mayor says: "Hello, Jake."
Mayor says: "Thanks for making it."
Jake says: "Heh."
Jake says: "Okay."
Mayor says: "Now look, we're at orange alert here."
Mayor says: "Below us are gathered the city's top minds."
Jake says: "Hmm."
Mayor says: "And they've noticed that our seismographic troubles have increased exponentially since your arrival."
Jake says: "Mayor, uh, I want to meet these minds."
Scene cuts to the Mayor and Jake on the floor with the scientists.
Mayor says: "Here are some of the minds."
Scientist says: "Jake, we want to perform some tests on you to discover the cause of the quakes."
Jake says: "There's no need."
Jake says: "I've got it figured out."
Jake says: "The tremors are happening because Jake is hungry,  and his stomach is growling."
Jake says: "And the hungrier he gets, the worse the quakes will become."
The Mayor and the scientists laugh out loud.
Jake says: "I'll prove it!"
Scientists says: "Huh?"
Jake says: "Mention a food item."
Scientist says: "Omelet."
The ground rumbles.
Jake says: "What's in the omelet?"
The ground briefly shakes again.
Scientist says: "Chili!"
Scientist says: "It's a four-egg chili omelet!"
The ground shakes violently. A large metal pole falls toward them.
Scientist says: "Watch out!"
It crashes to the ground, leaving the scientists unharmed.
Scientist says: "Analysis, Tim!"
Tim says: "It's too early to say; this evidence is anecdotal!"
Jake says: "Look, just let me stretch outside to get something to eat, and the quakes will stop."
Tim says: "That doesn't sound very science-y."
Scientist says: "No, but you have my permission to test your idea."
Erik Adamkinson says: "I don't like that idea."
Scientists says: "Huh?"
Erik Adamkinson says: "If Jake leaves, that would mean the utter destruction of our world."
Erik Adamkinson says: "I believe that Jake is an extra-dimensional being, a Glob if you will, whose psychic field holds our world together."
Erik Adamkinson says: "If he leaves, his flesh will reconfigure, and everything and everyone here will disappear completely!"
Tim says: "Oh, Erik Adamkinson, you're just a fringe scientist, well known to have a crackpot of crazy theories."
Erik Adamkinson says: "Hm!"
Erik Adamkinson says: "Perhaps I am."
Erik Adamkinson says: "And maybe I am wrong..."
Erik Adamkinson says: "but are you really willing to take that chance?"
Erik Adamkinson says: "We should imprison Jake immediately!"
Jake says: "What?!"
Jake says: "!"
Jake says: "No way!"
Jake says: "The world's not gonna end just because I go get a bagel."
The ground shakes.
Mayor says: "Seize him!"
Jake says: "Uh, peace!"
Several Jake People jump on him and hold him down.
Jake says: "Why?!"
Jake says: "!"
Mayor says: "Finish him."
One last Jake Person jumps on Jake, landing on Jake's face. Jake is now in a tiny cell, guarded by two Jake People.
Jake says: "Bagel."
Jake's stomach growls, and the ground shakes.
Erik Adamkinson says: "Don't worry, everybody."
Erik Adamkinson says: "I will journey to Jake's Glob world, which, legend would have us believe, lies beyond the great sky-hole, and bring back the food of the globs to appease Jake's appetite, thus saving everybody."
The crowd cheers. One Jake Person runs after Erik Adamkinson.
Erik Adamkinson's father says: "Wait!"
Erik Adamkinson's father says: "Wait!"
Erik Adamkinson's father says: "I want to go with you, Son!"
Erik Adamkinson says: "I-I'm sorry, Dad."
Erik Adamkinson says: "Y-you can't; i-it's too dangerous."
Erik Adamkinson says: "Your mind is unprepared."
Erik Adamkinson's father says: "My son."
Erik Adamkinson climbs to the top of a mountain and then climbs the wall. A balloon floats next to him.
Erik Adamkinson says: "Huh?"
Erik Adamkinson says: "Yeah!"
The balloon takes him higher.
Erik Adamkinson says: "There it is, the sky ho-o-o-o-ole!"
Erik Adamkinson passes through the sky-hole and climbs onto Jake's body. Projected on a screen nearby is a movie with a bear and a rabbit.
Erik Adamkinson says: "Phew!"
Erik Adamkinson says: "Oh, my stars!"
Erik Adamkinson says: "It's just as I envisioned!"
Erik Adamkinson says: "Almighty Jake Globs, I beseech your aid!"
Erik Adamkinson says: "Do you have bagels?"
Erik Adamkinson says: "Hello?"
Erik Adamkinson says: "Hmm."
Erik Adamkinson says: "Maybe those aren't the true globs."
Erik Adamkinson says: "Yeah, they're too ugly to be—"
Finn lifts his head with spaghetti hanging out of his mouth and looks at Erik Adamkinson.
Finn says: "BMO, resume."
Back in Jake World.
Jake says: "Spaghetti..."
In the city, the dolls Jake was looking at earlier fall down as people scream in panic. Outside Jake's cell, one guard is checking his phone, while the other is about to touch him with his spear.
Guard says: "Don't!"
The guards hear a slapping sound.
Guards says: "Huh?"
Out of a bush pops Goose, slapping his jowls together. The guards laugh and run to him.
Guard says: "Hey, you're a le—"
Goose smacks them down with his jowls.
Jake says: "Huh?"
Goose bends the bars of the cell with his jowls.
Jake says: "Goose?"
Goose says: "Go."
Jake says: "But—"
Jake says: "but what if Erik Adamkinson is right?"
Jake says: "What if you and all the Jake peeps disappear and I can't bring you back?"
Goose says: "Then you won't have to pay me back that five bucks."
Jake says: "But—"
Goose slaps Jake with his jowls.
Goose says: "Go eat, Jake!"
Jake takes a huge breath, steps out of his cell, and stretches straight up. Goose waves goodbye as he is pulled into the ground. As Jake grows taller, Jake People in the city get pulled into the ground, and then the city gets pulled in. Jake yells as he continues stretching his way up to the sky hole. The screen goes black.
Finn says: "Uh, Jake?"
Finn says: "What's going on, man?"
Finn says: "Feeling okay?"
Jake says: "Just getting a snack."
Episode ends.