The episode starts out in Prince Gumball's castle.
Fionna says: "Throw it, Cake!"
Cake grabs a Jelly Kinder and twirls it up to Fionna with her arms.
Fionna says: "Eyahh!"
Fionna says: "These Jelly Kinders aren't..."
Fionna says: "alive, are they?"
Prince Gumball says: "What?"
Prince Gumball says: "No!"
Prince Gumball says: "They can't even talk."
The Jelly Kinder frantically lets out a sound and Prince Gumball hastily covers its mouth.
Prince Gumball says: "Kick it!"
Prince Gumball says: "Thanks for helping me out guys."
Cake says: "What are these boogers for, anyway?"
Prince Gumball says: "Oh, they're decorations for my Biennial Gumball Ball."
Prince Gumball says: "Tonight!"
Fionna says: "Sounds like it gonna be large."
Prince Gumball says: "Yes!"
Prince Gumball says: "So very large."
Prince Gumball says: "I'd like you to be there as my special guest."
Fionna says: "You want me to go with you to the ball?"
Prince Gumball says: "Heck yes."
Prince Gumball says: "As my pal!"
Fionna says: "Oh."
Fionna says: "Right."
Prince Gumball says: "It starts at seven, so don't be late!"
Outside storm clouds are forming quickly.
Cake says: "Fionna, we got trouble!"
Cake says: "My tail is totally frizzin' out!"
Fionna says: "I'll check it out."
She goes outside and coming out of the clouds is a cackling Ice Queen.
Fionna says: "It's Ice Queen!"
Ice Queen says: "The Prince shall be mine!"
Creates a giant glacier.
Fionna says: "Back inside!"
As they go in the glacier smashes through the wall and Ice Queen slides down it.
Ice Queen says: "Outta my way, tomboy!"
Fionna says: "Ice Queen, why are you always predatoring on dudes?"
Ice Queen says: "Ha!"
Ice Queen says: "You should talk!"
Ice Queen says: "Keeping all the babes to yourself, totally ice-blocking my game!"
Prince Gumball looks disgusted.
Fionna says: "What?"
Ice Queen says: "Not  this time!"
Slush beast surrounds Prince Gumball and Ice Queen can be seen lifting him up.
Prince Gumball says: "Gah!"
Prince Gumball says: "Slush Beast!"
Fionna says: "Cake!"
Fionna says: "Morning-star mode!"
Cake becomes a mace-like object and Fionna twirls her and smashes her into the slush beast, covering the room in frost and snow and Prince Gumball appears to come out of the mist.
Prince Gumball says: "You saved me from the Ice Queen!"
Fionna says: "Oh, uh, yeah I guess."
Fionna says: "Is she gone?"
Prince Gumball says: "She must have fled."
Prince Gumball says: "Fionna, you're so strong."
Prince Gumball says: "And you look so beautiful in the snow."
Prince Gumball says: "What are you doing later?"
Fionna says: "I was just going to go home, I..."
Prince Gumball says: "Come with me."
Prince Gumball says: "Let's go out."
Fionna says: "Go..."
Fionna says: "out?"
Prince Gumball says: "Yeah."
Prince Gumball says: "Let's go somewhere."
Fionna says: "What?"
Cake says: "We'd love to!"
Prince Gumball says: "Great!"
Prince Gumball says: "Meet me in the castle gardens in an hour!"
Cake says: "Yes, we'll be there!"
At the Tree Fort.
Cake says: "Oh, it's a date!"
Fionna says: "No, it's not."
Fionna says: "I'm sure when he said "go out," he meant "go out," not "go out!"
Cake says: "Shut up, he's into you!"
Fionna says: "Come on, you heard what he said."
Fionna says: "I'm like his guy-friend."
Cake says: "Well, that could change tonight."
Fionna says: "If it's a date, why are you coming?"
Cake says: "I'm coming to help you!"
Cake says: "Hold on, I'm bringing my dulcimer."
Fionna says: "Man."
Cake says: "It's a conversation starter."
Fionna says: "Fine, I'll do this if only to prove you wrong."
Scene switches to the Castle Gardens.
Fionna says: "Mm..."
Fionna says: "Let's just bail, I changed my mind."
Cake says: "No!"
Cake says: "No retreat, girl."
Prince Gumball says: "Hello, Fionna."
Prince Gumball says: "And I see you brought Cake."
Fionna says: "That's cool, right?"
Prince Gumball says: "Only if it's cool that I brought..."
Prince Gumball says: "Lord Monochromicorn!"
Lord Monochromicorn falls out of the sky onto the ground.
Cake says: "Hiya, gorgeous."
Lord Monochromicorn says: "H-E-Y."
Cake's tail puffs up.
Prince Gumball says: "Accept these tokens of our esteem."
Fionna says: "Hey you didn't have to, guy..."
Prince Gumball says: "Nonsense."
Prince Gumball says: "For you, Cake, a satchel of nepetalactone."
Prince Gumball says: "Mo-Chro picked it himself."
Cake says: "Catnip!"
Cake says: "Sweet babies!"
Prince Gumball says: "And for you m'lady, a bouquet of posies."
Fionna says: "Oh, uh, they're..."
Prince Gumball says: "There's a surprise at the center."
Fionna says: "Huh!"
Fionna says: "A crystal sword!"
Fionna says: "I'm all about swords!"
Fionna says: "How did you know?!"
Fionna says: "!"
Prince Gumball says: "I pay attention to things I see you being all about."
Fionna says: "Thanks dude."
Fionna says: "It's just..."
Fionna says: "WOW."
Prince Gumball says: "Come, for the wowiness has only just begun!"
Fionna is riding a giant Cake and Prince Gumball is riding Lord Monochromicorn.
Cake says: "Psst, Fi, tell Gumball that you think he's HAWT."
Fionna says: "What?!"
Fionna says: "!"
Fionna says: "No!"
Cake says: "Guys like to hear that they're hot!"
Fionna says: "Will you keep your voice down?!"
Fionna says: "!"
Prince Gumball says: "Oh, Fionna!"
Fionna says: "Hey, what's up?"
Prince Gumball says: "I thought we might have a little race."
Prince Gumball says: "A playful race to Marshmallowy Mweadows."
Fionna says: "Okay, but I'm gonna kick your butt."
Fionna says: "Not that I'm thinking of butts..."
Prince Gumball says: "Excellent."
Cake says: "After him, Fionna."
Cake says: "After your man."
They race to the Mweadows.
Prince Gumball says: "Good race, Fionna."
Cake are Lord Monochromicorn are both exhausted and breathless.
Cake says: "Why are y'all breathless if we're the ones running?"
Prince Gumball hums and jumps into a hole under the flowers.
Fionna says: "Gumball!"
Jumps in after him and they both come up, Fionna holding Prince Gumball and Prince Gumball holding a pink skull.
Prince Gumball says: "Sorry, I saw a pearl pygmy skull in there."
Prince Gumball says: "It reminded me of you."
Prince Gumball says: "The way your eyes sparkle."
Fionna, Cake, and Prince Gumball are all riding Lord Monochromicorn.
Prince Gumball says: "Fionna, there's something I want to tell you."
The song Oh, Fionna begins and at the end, Fionna and Prince Gumball gets dropped off on a hill laughing.
Fionna says: "Oh, my gosh, dude."
Fionna says: "That was, like, the stupidest thing ever."
Cake says: "See you back at the tree house."
It is night. Prince Gumball and Fionna are laughing.
Fionna says: "Jeez, I dunno, I thought about it, but I think you could wear your pants as a shirt, if you really needed to."
Prince Gumball says: "Okay, okay, now you ask me something."
Fionna says: "Oh, um, is this a date?"
Prince Gumball says: "Fionna, come to the ball with me."
Fionna says: "As your chum?"
Prince Gumball says: "No, as my girlfriend."
At the Tree Fort, Cake is playing a game on BMO and Fionna rushes in.
Fionna says: "It was a date!"
Fionna says: "There was singing and junk!"
Cake says: "I know!"
Cake says: "I was there for that part!"
Fionna says: "Cake, he wants me to come to the ball as his girlfriend!"
Cake says: "Oh, my goodness!"
Cake says: "It's almost seven!"
Cake says: "You need something to wear!"
Cake says: "Oh, hold on honey, I am gonna make this happen!"
Cake is fitting a white dress on Fionna, purse and all.
Fionna says: "How am I supposed to fit my weapons in this?"
Cake says: "It's a ball!"
Cake says: "You don't need weapons!"
Fionna says: "I'll take my retractable sword."
Cake says: "Okay!"
Cake says: "Lets go, go, go!"
Fionna arrives at the ball on Cake's back, inside Marshall Lee is flying around and he and Fionna wave to each other, others like Lumpy Space Prince are there and Prince Gumball is talking to a female Cinnamon Bun and sees Fionna.
Prince Gumball says: "I've been looking for you."
Fionna says: "Well, here I am."
Prince Gumball says: "Ha ha!"
Prince Gumball says: "Hey, I wanna show you something."
Fionna says: "Okay."
Cake says: "Okay, girl!"
Cake says: "I'll see you later!"
Prince Gumball and Fionna go up a flight of stairs to his room.
Fionna says: "What?"
Fionna says: "Hey, is this your bedroom?"
Prince Gumball says: "Fionna."
Fionna says: "What?!"
Fionna says: "!"
The Prince Gumball in front of Fionna laughs and that laugh becomes a woman's cackle as Ice Queen pops out his chest revealing it was her in disguise.
Ice Queen says: "This was so much easier than I thought it would be!"
Fionna says: "This is really messed up, Ice Queen!"
Fionna says: "WHAT IS YOUR PROBLEM WITH ME?!"
Fionna says: "!"
Ice Queen says: "You're what stands between me and my Gumball!"
Fionna says: "I can't believe I fell for this trash!"
Fionna says: "You got me to show up with a dress!"
Fionna says: "And a pur—"
Fionna says: "My purse!"
Fionna says: "My sword!"
Ice Queen throws ice shards at her and Fionna dives and grabs her purse and unsheathes it, Ice Queen just laughs as it recedes and locks her hands in an ice ball.
Ice Queen says: "You like my ice sword?"
Cake comes from behind a curtain near the bottom of the staircase outside Prince Gumball's room and hears the sound of the struggle upstairs.
Fionna says: "Get it off me!"
Cake says: "Fionna!"
Ice Queen laughs and Fionna rushes up and smashes the ice ball against Ice Queen's head, Ice Queen blasts her with a blizzard of snow, shooting her towards the ceiling by Prince Gumball and she smashes the ice around him, freeing him and her hands, Ice Queen shrieks in frustration and is brought to the ground by ice raining from the ceiling. Fionna lands on the ground with Prince Gumball in her arms.
Prince Gumball says: "Oh, my goodness."
Cake says: "WHAT'S GOING ON IN HE—"
Fionna says: "Shhh..."
Fionna says: "It's okay, it's okay."
Fionna says: "It was the Ice Queen."
Ice Queen shoots a blast of ice needles at Cake.
Ice Queen says: "Paws off my prince!"
Cake lets a pained cat howl as Ice Queen laughs until Fionna punches off her crown and kicks her in the face.
Ice Queen says: "My magic tiara..."
Ice Queen says: "my powers!"
Fionna grabs her neck.
Fionna says: "And this is for yanking my heart guts!"
Cake says: "Ha ha!"
Cake says: "I'm a queen!"
Fionna says: "No, you might catch her crazy."
Prince Gumball says: "Wow, Fionna."
Prince Gumball says: "You're, you're just really incredible."
Prince Gumball says: "Maybe we should meet up, for a date."
Fionna says: "The Ice King!"
Prince Gumball says: "What?!"
Prince Gumball says: "!"
Cake says: "Me, too."
Cake says: "Ice King's the real deal!"
Lord Monochromicorn pops out from under the floor and says "ISE" in Morse Code.
Fionna says: "Ice King is the hottest hottie, and I can't wait—"
Ice King says: ""—"
Ice King says: "to marry him!"
Ice King says: "" said Fionna."
Ice King says: "Then she turned to Prince Gumball and said, "I hope Ice King will sweep me off my feet and take me to the farthest corner of Ooo, where we will do nothing but kiss and eat a whole bunch until we get fat and die."
Ice King says: "" The end."
Ice King says: "So, what do you think of the fanfiction I wrote about you guys?"
Finn and Jake are trapped with half their bodies in a block of ice, with Jake in head first, with book manuscripts in front of them, Gunter has a book too.
Finn says: "Uh..."
Ice King says: "Tell me you thought it was good!"
Finn says: "Uh, it's good!"
Finn says: "It's good!"
Finn says: "It's really good, dude!"
Finn says: "It was amazing!"
The episode ends.