The episode starts up in Cuber's spaceship. He's warming himself near a hearth.
Cuber says: "Oh, greeble bayble grapes."
Cuber says: "You're just in time."
Cuber says: "Bayble Cuber's going to watch an inkle dribble adventure from days of old on my holo-pyramid viewer."
Cuber says: "Five stories each relating to one special theme."
Cuber says: "See if you graybles can guess the theme by the end of the episode, okay?"
Cuber says: "Now sit back, relax, and enjoy the show."
The clip starts up on the viewer. The Tree Fort is viewed.
Finn says: "Okay, BMO,  be back in an hour."
Finn says: "You sure you don't need anything from the Grocery Kingdom?"
BMO says: "No, I don't need anything."
BMO says: "Thank you."
BMO says: "Okay, goodbye, Finn and Jake!"
Finn says: "Bye, BMO!"
Jake says: "Yeah, see ya later, BMO!"
They exit. BMO goes up a ladder while grunting to get to the upper story of the fort. It is seen pulling a stool into the bathroom. It closes the door, and grunts while climbing onto the stool. It stands in front of a mirror.
BMO says: "Finn?"
BMO says: "Jake?"
Jake says: "What the..."
Jake says: "?"
Finn says: "See, man?"
Finn says: "I told you."
Jake says: "This is nuts."
Jake says: "Plus, he's usin' my toothbrush!"
Finn says: "No, man."
Finn says: "That's my toothbrush."
Finn says: "UGH!"
Jake says: "UGH!"
Jake retracts back towards the ground.
Jake says: "High-five, buddy!"
After their hands miss, they achieve a flimsy and unimpressive high-five.
Finn says: "That was pretty weak."
Jake says: "Yeah."
Jake says: "I was thinkin' the same thing."
Finn says: "You wanna give it another go?"
Jake says: "Yeah."
They high-five again, more effectively this time.
Finn says: "That was better..."
Finn says: "but we can do better."
Jake says: "You mean even better."
Finn says: "Let's back on up and run at each other!"
Jake says: "Okay!"
They run away a short distance from each other.
Finn says: "ZAH!!"
Jake says: "ZAH!!"
Jake says: "Ooh, kinda stings!"
Finn says: "I like the pain."
Jake says: "Let's do another one."
Cut to Finn in a location far away from the Tree Fort.
Finn says: "Ready!"
Finn says: "?"
Cut to Jake on the border of the Ice Kingdom.
Jake says: "Yeah!"
They run towards each other with their voices crescendoing; they shout and scream as they prepare their high five. As soon as they're near each other, they jump up and high-five.
Finn says: "Jake!"
Jake says: "Yeah?"
Finn says: "I know how we can do the most ultimate high-five ever!!"
Jake says: "You've gone crazy mad with power lust!"
Jake says: "And I'm lovin' it!!"
Cut to Finn in a mountainous area presumably miles and miles away from the Tree Fort. Finn is sitting in a catapult.
Finn says: "You ready to do this, dude!"
Finn says: "?"
Jake says: "I've been ready this whole time, dude!"
Jake says: "Just waitin' you to say when you're—"
Finn says: "SUPER-ULTIMATE HIGH-FIVE GO!!!"
In the Desert of Doom, Jake launches himself like a catapult. In a split screen, Finn and Jake are shown zooming at each other at tremendous speeds, about to perform their ultimate high-five. The scene cuts to Princess Bubblegum in her castle working on something in an irritated mood.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Ugh..."
Peppermint Butler says: "A glass of delicious, nourishing water for my lady—"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, yes!"
She walks a cow into a testing area and places it in a centrifuge, kissing it.
Cow says: "Oh, man..."
Cow says: "Uh..."
Cow says: "oh, boy..."
Cow says: "Ugh..."
Cow says: "Oh, my Glob!"
Cow says: "Oh, Glob..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Cheeeeese..."
The musical montage begins. Princess Bubblegum uses two pipettes with a different chemical in each to make a head of lettuce grow and shrink in different increments. Eventually, she settles on a size.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Ding ding ding ding ding."
Back at her lab, Princess Bubblegum fuses a squid with a red balloon to make a tomato.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Ha ha!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Jingo-jango!"
In another room, Princess Bubblegum creates bread.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yeast on third, flour on first, swell the dough, fit to burst!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Awhoooooo!"
The loaf of bread is created. The montage continues as she cuts the bread using lasers to create slices of bread. Next she uses a microscope and a special microscope to "unthread" the cheese at the atomic level until a thin slice of cheese is left. Next, Princess Bubblegum throws the tomato at Peppermint Butler, which he slices by karate-chopping it. Next, Princess Bubblegum smashes the head of lettuce with a baseball bat. Next, she uses a machine to put all the ingredients together. As the screen fills with light, the scene shifts to another room in her castle. Princess Bubblegum and Cinnamon Bun walk up to each other.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Well..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "this is it, Cinnamon Bun."
Princess Bubblegum says: "The most perfect sandwich that has ever existed, or ever will exist within the confines of space-time."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Will you do the honors?"
Cinnamon Bun says: "Okay."
Princess Bubblegum says: "But..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "but you..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "you didn't..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "y-y-you didn't even..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "taste it..."
Cinnamon Bun regurgitates the partly digested sandwich out of his stomach and sprays it onto Princess Bubblegum's face.
Cinnamon Bun says: "Thanks, Princess."
Cinnamon Bun says: "Peace out."
He exits. She just stands there speechless. Finn can suddenly be seen flying by in the window. Cut to the Ice King's lair; Gunter is playing on a keyboard. Ice King enters humming and sniffing.
Ice King says: "Blegh, Gunter, something stinks!"
Ice King says: "Oh, don't be sad, stinky."
Ice King says: "Come with daddy and I'll make it aaaall better."
Cut to outside. The penguin is floating away on an ice platform towards the ocean.
Ice King says: "Goodbye, Gunter."
Ice King says: "Sorry, sweetie, but I'm never gonna get any princesses if you're stinkin' up the place!"
Ice King says: "Oh, it's me."
Ice King says: "I smell horrible."
Cut to Ice King's bathroom where he's taking a shower.
Ice King says: "Scrub, penguins!"
Ice King says: "Scrub harder!"
Ice King says: "We are not stopping until the stench is completely gone!"
Later, Ice King throws his scrubber penguins away.
Ice King says: "Gunter!"
Ice King says: "Guess what?"
Ice King says: "It was me who was smelly, not you!"
Penguin says: "Wenk."
Ice King says: "Sorry."
Ice King says: "I thought you had a stank booty, Gunter."
Ice King says: "My bad."
Ice King says: "Although I have no idea how my armpits got so stinky."
The penguin farts in Ice King's armpit. Suddenly, Jake can be seen flying by in the window. The scene shifts to the Candy Kingdom talent show. Lumpy Space Princess watches as a kid tries to shoot baskets but continually misses. She goes backstage.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Everyone's worthless at this talent show."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I'm totally gonna win when I sing,  "These lumps!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I know you wanna slump up on these lumps!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "But you can't 'cause you're a chump!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "A chuuump!"
Candy Magician says: "You're totally gonna win, LSP."
Peppermint Butler says: "Thank you, Marc."
Peppermint Butler says: "You made two out of ten baskets."
The crowd applauds weakly.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Now it's time for me to kill it!"
Peppermint Butler says: "Hold on, LSP, you're not up next."
Peppermint Butler says: "These girls are."
The candy ladies go up on stage and sing the full song of "These Lumps.".
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Wha—"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "THAT'S MY SONG!!"
Crowd cheers excitedly.
Cinnamon Bun says: "That sounds good in my eardrums!"
Lumpy Space Princess is pushed onstage.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "..."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "These lumps."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I know you wanna slump up on these lumps..."
Cinnamon Bun says: "Hey!!"
Cinnamon Bun says: "We just heard this song!!"
The ladies yell angrily at her. The crowd chants, "Rip-off! Rip-off!".
Lumpy Space Princess says: "No..."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I..."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I was gonna do it first!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "NO!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "NO!"
Cinnamon Bun says: "RIP-OFF!!!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I WAS GONNA DO THE SONG FIRST!!"
She throws a basketball at the audience in frustration.
Marshmallow kid says: "Huh?!"
Marshmallow kid says: "!"
It bounces off the kid and miraculously lands in the basket.
Crowd says: "Whooooaaaa..."
Donut Guy says: "That's amazing!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Huh?"
She keeps throwing basketballs at the audience, and they bounce back into the basket every time.
Crowd says: "LSP!"
Crowd says: "LSP!"
Peppermint Butler says: "That was the most amazing thing ever!"
Peppermint Butler says: "LSP wins!!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Really?!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Oh, my gosh, you guys!!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I just wanna thank y'all so much!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "It means so much to me!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "And I just wanted to say I..."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I..."
Lumpy Space Princess gets distracted by two screams. Suddenly, Finn and Jake fly at each other and finally connect their hands to conclude their high-five. The crowd gasps then cheers louder than ever.
Peppermint Butler says: "Finn and Jake win the talent show!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "WHAT?!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "?!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "!"
Finn says: "Awesome..."
Jake says: "That..."
Jake says: "was..."
Jake says: "awesome..."
The clip ends on the pyramid viewer.
Cuber says: "The theme was the five senses!"
Cuber says: "You see?"
Cuber says: "Look."
Cuber says: "BMO saw his reflection."
Cuber says: "Finn and Jake touched their hands together!"
Cuber says: "The Princess made a tasty sandwich!"
Cuber says: "The blue guy smelled bad!"
Cuber says: "And the other thing heard music."
Cuber says: "Oh, what a treat!"
Cuber says: "Okay, well I'll see you trimpy flimmers on triode flimpin' the diode!"
The episode ends.