The episode starts off showing the Museum of Natural of History. Inside, Candy Children are running through an obstacle course.
Candy Children says: "Whoa-a-a!"
Candy Child says: "That was awesome!"
Candy Child 2 says: "Lets go over there!"
All laughing and cheering continue as they slide down the obstacle course.
Candy Children says: "Whe-e-e-e!"
Candy Child 3 says: "Come on!"
Candy Child 3 says: "Come on!"
Candy children says: "Wow!"
Candy children says: "Yay!"
Candy children says: "Whee!"
Candy Child says: "Whoa-a-a!"
They finish the obstacle course. The scene changes to Finn and Jake observing the caterpillar family. Muffled cheering and laughter in the background.
Finn says: "Hmm."
Finn says: "Why would I need to learn about caterpillar families?"
Finn says: "I don't get it."
Cheering and laughing continue as the scene changes to the Candy Children eating candy leaves. Finn and Jake observe them from the back.
Jake says: "Well, they look like they're having fun."
Finn says: "Real leaves aren't made out of candy."
Finn says: "They always have a gross, bitter taste."
The scene changes to the children now eating candy caterpillars.
Candy Child says: "Whee!"
Candy Child says: "Terry eats all the caterpillars!"
Candy Child 2 says: "Mmm!"
Candy Child 2 says: "Ah, it's so good!"
Scene changes back to Finn and Jake.
Finn says: "Ugh."
Finn says: "That's gross, too."
Finn says: "There's no way real caterpillars are delicious."
Jake says: "You think?"
Jake says: "I bet they taste great if you're a boid."
The scene changes to a close up of a food chain wheel as it changes its image on it about every three seconds. Princess Bubblegum appears to be teaching the Candy Children about the Food Chain.
Princess Bubblegum says: "The caterpillar eats the leaf."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Then the bird eats the caterpillar."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Then the big bird eats the little bird."
Princess Bubblegum says: "The big bird then dies, and its remains decompose into rich, fertile soil And from that soil, a new plant bursts to life."
Princess Bubblegum says: "And then the caterpillar eats the plant again."
Princess Bubblegum says: "And so the circle of life continues."
Princess Bubblegum says: "This is a law of nature we call the food chain."
The shot zooms out where can visually see Princess Bubblegum and the children at the Food Chain wheel.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Isn't that fascinating?"
Candy Child says: "Yo, Princess Bubblegum, do birds play football?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "No, Terry."
Princess Bubblegum says: "They don't."
Candy Child says: "That's weak, Ma'am."
Finn and Jake, from the back, walk out.
Candy Child 2 says: "You guys, this is lame."
The scene changes to Finn and Jake walking to the snack bar. Indistinct sighing, complaining in the background.
Finn says: "No way I'm eating a bug's butt."
Finn says: "Those kids are right."
Finn says: "Whats the big deez about the food chain, anyway?"
Finn says: "Lets hit the snack bar and eat something yummy."
From behind, Magic Man, up to no good again, uses his magic to transform Finn and Jake into birds. Finn and Jake chirp out the Electronic version of "Der Hölle Rache kocht in meinem Herzen.".
Finn says: "Hey, this is pretty fun!"
Jake says: "Hey, have you noticed we are birds now?"
Finn says: "I'm hungies."
The camera angle pans down where an oasis is seen from a distance.
Jake says: "Look over there."
Jake says: "That oasis looks pretty good to me."
Jake swipes a bunch of caterpillars on a leaf in the air.
Jake says: "Bon appetit!"
The caterpillars which Jake swiped in the air now fall into his mouth.
Finn says: "Oh, dude, you ate those?!"
Finn says: "!"
Jake says: "Come on, man."
Jake says: "We're sweet, sweet birds, and we get to eat worms."
Jake says: "This is a unique experience."
Finn swipes the caterpillars from another leaf into the air, and he eats it.
Finn throws up on the floor.
The scene now changes to Finn and Jake with bloated bodies.
Finn says: "Uh, how did I get so mad chubs?"
Finn says: "I only ate one grub."
Jake says: "Dude, you've been eating grubs for hours."
Finn says: "What?!"
Finn says: "!"
Jake says: "Yeah, you're a beast."
The shadow of a big bird is seen coming closer to Finn and Jake. The scene switches to a big bird trying to grab Finn and Jake. Both screaming, Finn and Jake dodge from the big birds claws. A beat plays in the background as Finn and Jake try to fly away.
Finn says: "Help me, Jake!"
Finn says: "My body's too bloated to fly!"
Jake says: "Hide!"
Finn cowers. The big bird is now confused as Finn is hiding. It flies away, but it notices Finn escaping from his cowering position. Finn continues flapping but is too bloated to levitate, not realizing that the big bird is watching him. The big bird then dives down to snatch up Finn.
Just before the bird grabs Finn, Magic Man changes Finn into the big bird, and the little bird barely escapes. Talk about your close call...
Finn says: "There goes my din-din."
Finn says: "Why am I hungry again?"
Finn is now flying higher and eventually starts flying with Jake.
Finn says: "Jake!"
Jake says: "Who are you?"
Finn says: "It's me, Finn."
Jake says: "Dang, when did you get so big?"
Jake says: "..."
Jake says: "And old?"
Finn starts to hallucinate and sees Jake as a piece of meat.
Jake says: "You feeling okay, bro?"
Finn says: "Jake, we are good friends."
Finn says: "So let me just say you look awesome right now."
Jake says: "Ha, really?"
Finn says: "Yeah."
The scene switches back to Finn hallucinating and seeing Jake as a piece of meat.
Finn says: "You're looking tasty."
Finn says: "Hey, why don't you take a seat in my mouth?"
Jake says: "Why?"
Jake says: "That's..."
Jake says: "weird."
Finn says: "It's okay."
Finn says: "It's okay."
Finn says: "Just give it a try."
Finn says: "It's a new experience, right?"
The scene changes to Jake in Finn's mouth.
Jake says: "Wow, you have a lot of saliva."
Jake says: "You must have a broken pipe, old timer."
Jake says: "It's comfy, though."
Finn then tries to eat Jake by closing his beak but Jake quickly escapes.
Jake says: "Whoa!"
Jake says: "Did you just try to eat me?!"
Jake says: "!"
Finn says: "No..."
Finn says: "?"
Finn says: "But if I did that'd be okay, right?"
Jake flies closer next to Finn's face.
Jake says: "You are trying to eat me."
Finn says: "I'm just following the Law of Nature."
Jake says: "What're you talking about?"
Finn says: "I don't know."
Finn says: "I just feel that way."
Jake flies away.
Finn says: "Aw, Jake, you're missing out..."
Finn says: "by not getting eaten..."
Finn says: "by me."
Jake flies away.
Jake says: "Sorry, man."
Jake says: "I'm not into it."
Weak from hunger, Finn falls and hits the ground with a thud. The scene changes to an Irish beat playing as Finn lies on the ground, dying as the sun sets before him.
Finn says: "So alone."
Finn says: "So hungry."
Thus ends Finn's life as a bird and the scene fades to black. The scene now changes to Finn's next life as a bunch of bacteria. The change like Finn changing from a small bird to a big bird happens again. This time, Finn has changed from a big bird to bacteria - trillions of 'em.
Finn says: "Yay!"
Finn says: "What a big turnout."
Finn says: "Top notch!"
Finn says: "To decompose stuff!"
Finn says: "Yeah-h-h!"
Finn says: "We are so pumped!"
Finn says: "Yeah!"
Finn says: "What's that smell?"
The scene has changed to a bird in Finn's hallucination made out of fruits and food, which interests Finn as bacteria.
Finn says: "Wow."
Finn says: "It looks amazing!"
Finn says: "Yay!"
Finn says: "Yay!"
Wavy colorful lines appear shining out beside the bird.
Finn says: "Party time!"
The scene changes back to Finn as bacteria.
Finn says: "So good!"
Finn says: "Awesome."
Finn says: "This bird went bad so well!"
Jake - also a bacteria - now appears positioned out of the hundred Finn bacteria.
Jake says: "You took it too far, man."
Jake says: "I'm a dog, and I eat all kinds of horrible things."
Jake says: "This is disgusting."
Finn says: "Come on, think of it as a conversation starter—"
Finn says: "like, "The other night, I ate the grossest thing I've ever tasted."
Finn says: "" You know, it's interesting."
The scene changes back to the bird now already consumed by Finn as bacteria, little more than a skeleton.
Finn says: "Whew!"
Finn says: "I'm full."
A whooshing sound is suddenly heard. A strong breeze starts blowing as the Finn bacteria grab the ground.
Finn says: "Whoa!"
Finn says: "Aah!"
Some of the Finn bacteria fly off, and the scene changes to a closeup of the bacteria holding on to the skeleton of the bird.
Finn says: "Whoa!"
Finn says: "Aah!"
Finn says: "Whoa!"
Finn says: "Aah!"
Finn says: "What's going on?!"
Finn says: "!"
Finn says: "Whoa!"
The camera angle goes through all the bacteria, and the scene changes as the background color turns green. Three leaves sprout, and Finn and Jake turn into flowers.
The song "We're Plants" starts to play as the surroundings rapidly change from day to afternoon to night a day is short to a plant. Finn and Jake as flowers get eaten by caterpillars as indicated by the "Caterpillars" bubbles pointing to the swirly vortices eating away at their leaves, and two birds fly in and eat the caterpillars just in the nick of time. The camera zooms into Finn's face towards the end of the song. Static ends the song apologies for technical difficulties.
The scene changes. The first shot is the sun, and the surroundings are full of fire.
Finn says: "I think we're safe now..."
Finn says: "and also caterpillars."
As the camera angle pans down, we notice that Finn and Jake have changed into caterpillars. Out of the frying pan, into the fire...
Jake says: "We're still in a bind, man."
Jake says: "No food, no water."
Finn says: "I'm hungry."
Jake says: "I'm thirsty."
As the camera angle pans to the side of Finn and Jake, another caterpillar appears in the distance.
Jake says: "Hey, look."
The camera shows a closeup of Erin's face.
Jake says: "It's another caterpillar."
Back to Finn and Jake, Finn's eyes are replaced with pounding hearts - love at first sight.
Jake says: "Huh?"
Jake says: "You okay?"
Finn says: "She's beautiful."
Jake says: "She's just a caterpillar, dude."
Back to the closeup of Erin's face, she starts to faint.
Jake says: "Looks like she's gonna faint."
Erin finally faints and falls to the ground.
Jake says: "You see?"
Finn isn't there and appears to be trying to rescue Erin.
Jake says: "Huh."
Jake says: ""Love is Blind"—"
Jake says: "that must apply to all species."
Now Finn, Jake, and Erin are traveling together.
Jake says: "Oh, I see."
Jake says: "Your name is Erin, and there's a famine near your town, so that's why you're out here searching for an oasis."
Erin says: "Yes, I have to hurry and find food."
Erin says: "Otherwise, my family won't survive."
Erin faints again, and Finn holds her.
Finn says: "Hold on, Erin."
Finn says: "Food!"
Finn says: "Water!"
Finn says: "Shade!"
Finn says: "Where are you?!"
Finn says: "!"
An oasis is seen in the distance. And not a moment too soon.
Jake says: "Over there—"
Jake says: "the oasis!"
They stare at the oasis. Erin eats a bit of a leaf while Finn eats a lot of it.
Finn says: "Yummy!"
Jake says: "Really?"
Jake says: "You like leaves now?"
Finn says: "So good, dude."
Erin and Finn eat on the same leaf and bump their heads together. They both blush.
Finn says: "Your eyes."
Jake starts eating a lot of leaves and breaks up the conversation between Erin and Finn.
Jake says: "Hey, hey, hey, move over a bit."
Jake says: "I got a rhythm going here."
Jake leaves. Finn and Erin hold hands as they sit on a leaf by the sunset. Jake is on the underside of the leaf.
Erin says: "I've never been this happy."
Jake says: "This oasis is pretty romantic, huh?"
Erin says: "Sure, I guess."
Jake says: "So, how many kids you want to have?"
Finn says: "Uh,  d-d-do you want to get married?"
Erin says: "Yes!"
And with that, the scene changes to a shot of flower bells ringing at Finn and Erin's wedding in the oasis. Jake acts as the priest.
Jake says: "And will you, Finn, take this caterpillar to be your wife, even if she becomes a flower or a bird or a bacteria, to love and to cherish till death do you part?"
Finn says: "Y-y-y-yes."
All the other caterpillars start cheering and an electronic version of Mendelssohn's wedding march plays.
Jake says: "You may now kiss the bride."
As Finn tries to kiss Erin, much to the "aww" of the audience, uninvited guests in the form of two birds appear in the distance that eventually crash the wedding, their presence interrupting the kiss and causing general mass hysteria, and dine in on some caterpillars.
Finn says: "This way, Erin!"
Caterpillars get swiped into the air.
Caterpillar says: "Hey, is that my butt?"
Caterpillar says: "Man, it's been a while!"
Finn and Erin are falling.
Erin says: "Finn!"
Finn says: "When we're reborn as caterpillars, I'll marry you all over again!"
Erin says: "That's beautiful, Finn!"
Erin says: "But when we're bacteria, I might see other people!"
Right before Finn falls into the bird's mouth, Magic Man changes Finn into a bird and not a moment too soon - and Finn chokes on the caterpillars. Now the scene changes back to Finn as a human. Finn has been dreaming this whole time, and in reality he is choking on candy caterpillars. He spits them out on the table. They are in the snack bar.
Jake says: "Hey, why are you eating caterpillars?"
The scene changes to Finn in his mind, hallucinating.
Finn says: "My eyes are open."
Finn recaps the words Princess Bubblegum used to teach the kids about the food chain.
Princess Bubblegum says: "The caterpillar eats the leaf."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Then the bird eats the caterpillar."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Then the big bird eats the little bird then dies and its remains decompose into rich, fertile soil."
Princess Bubblegum says: "And from that soil, a new plant bursts to life."
Princess Bubblegum says: "And then the caterpillar eats the plant again."
Princess Bubblegum says: "And so the circle of life continues."
The song "Food Chain" begins to play, and in the background Finn dances and realizes the importance of the food chain. The song ends with Finn representing a strange combination of the food chain.
Candy Child 2 says: "Eh, so what?"
Candy Child 2 says: "Let's go play."
Candy Child 3 says: "Yeah, weirdo."
[The candy children sigh says: ""And so the the circle of life continues."
complain as they leave the snack bar. The exact same first scene replays with the Candy Children playing through the obstacle course says: ""And so the the circle of life continues."
the episode ends. To quote Princess Bubblegum says: ""And so the the circle of life continues."