The Frog Carrying Crown is walking on the snow, being closely followed by a panting Finn and Jake. Jake is wearing a black bowler hat, and using his skin as a blanket. The screen rotates to show that they are climbing up a steep snowy mountain.
Jake says: "How long are we gonna follow this frog?"
Finn says: "I just want to see him put on that crown."
Jake says: "Okay, but why though?"
Finn says: "Why, what?"
Jake says: "Frog with crown."
Jake says: "Frog with no crown."
Jake says: "What does it matter?"
Jake says: "Life is short, man."
Finn says: "It's important to finish what you start."
Finn says: "That's what matters."
Jake says: "Pssshh psshh psshh psshh psshh!"
Finn says: "Do it for my peace of mind, then."
Finn says: "My mind peace."
Jake says: "No peace."
Ice King says: "SNOW PEACE!"
Ice King says: "Hey, watcha' doing?"
Ice King says: "Following frogs?"
Ice King says: "Cool, cool."
Ice King says: "Yeah, following frogs is, like, one of my top 20 favorite pastimes."
Ice King says: "I follow frogs, dogs, pollywogs, hedgehogs, nyogs."
Ice King says: "What else do I follow?"
Ice King says: "Hold on."
Finn says: "Jeez, do I sound like that?"
Ice King says: "Clogs, blogs, krav maga, aaaaaaannndd..."
Ice King says: "princesses."
Ice King says: "Pretty cool, huh?"
Finn says: "Okay, Jake."
Finn says: "Let's bail."
Jake says: "Yeah!"
Jake throws his hat in the air, and they walk away, as the frog continues to walk uphill.
Ice King says: "Guys, what about the little froggy?"
The frog bounces down the hill and lands on Jake's hat, which is now on the ground.
Ice King says: "Wha- oooh!"
The frog puts on the crown, disappears into Jake's hat, and the hat morphs into Life. She pours yellow liquid out of her hands, and the patch of the snow she was standing on is turned into grass and flowers. The snow on the ride side of the mountain melts down, so the Life is now standing on the peak. Life then melts all of the snow on the mountain, making it completely green. Ice King is surrounded by butterflies, and staring in awe at Life. Life waves at him, and disappears.
Ice King says: "Golly!"
Minisode Ends.