Petals blow through the air, and then fall to the ground. The Frog Carrying Crown walks past the petals, and the screen pans out to show Finn and Jake following him.
Finn says: "What do you think is gonna happen when he puts it on?"
Jake says: "I don't know but I bet it will be un-frog-gettable."
Finn says: "Maybe he'll turn into a prince."
Jake says: "Nah, man, you gotta kiss him for that to happen."
Finn says: "I am NOT kissing that frog."
Breezy says: "Hey guys!"
Jake says: "Breezy!"
Finn says: "Hey bee, what's up?"
Breezy says: "Not much, I'm just showing the boys how to collect pollen."
Bees are seen flying around flowers, and trying to collect the pollen.
Breezy says: "Hey, you want to know what I'm gonna do with this later?"
Jake says: "Yeah, we'd love to chat Breezy but see we're following this frog just now so, you know."
Finn says: "Oh yeah, right!"
The frog walks into the cornfield.
Finn says: "We just really want to see him put on that crown."
Breezy says: "Yeah, I hear 'ya!"
Finn and Jake walk into the cornfield.
Breezy says: "Have fun!"
Finn says: "Where'd he go?"
Jake says: "Probably to that sweet water lily pad castle."
Finn says: "Nice!"
The frog walks out of the water and into the castle.
Finn says: "Jake, there's little tadpoles in the water."
Jake says: "Don't let 'em get up your pants."
Finn says: "These shorts are tighter than tadpoles."
Finn and Jake go to the door, which is slightly ajar.
Finn says: "He left the door open!"
Finn and Jake crawl through the hallway, then look through the window.
Finn says: "There he is."
The frog puts on a royal red cape.
Finn says: "He's gonna put it on!"
The frog picks up his shoes, exhales on them, and rubs them to make them look shiny.
Jake says: "You're cute enough now!"
Finn says: "Put on the crown!"
The frog puts on white silk golves.
Jake says: "I can't take it anymore!"
Finn says: "No wait!"
Finn says: "He's doing it!"
Finn says: "Come one frog!"
Finn says: "Do it!"
Finn says: "Do it!"
Finn says: "Dooo iiittt!"
Frog Guards look at Finn and Jake angrily. They scream as the guards open the door.
Jake says: "Ah, come on!"
Jake says: "We was just curious!"
Jake says: "Easy with my piano hands, chief."
Finn says: "Wait, uh, no no no no no no no, NOOOOOO!"
The frog puts on the crown, and there is a bright flash of light.
Minisode Ends.
Trivia.
On the Adventure Time YouTube channel, the words "froggin' cute" are replaced with "un-frog-ettable".
↑ https says: "//www."
↑ https says: "youtube."
↑ https says: "com/watch?"