The episode begins in the Candy Kingdom, showing Finn, Jake, Lumpy Space Princess, and Lady Rainicorn running through the streets with Candy Zombies swarming them at every side. Finn flings one away as it jumps on him and they burst through the front gate of Princess Bubblegum's Castle.
Finn says: "Hurry, Lady!"
Lady rushes through the gate and they close the gate and latch it.
Finn says: "It's happening again."
Princess Bubblegum says: "That's right, Finn."
Finn says: "Princess!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "The zombie infection has spread across the kingdom once again,..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "and once again, it's all my fault."
Flashback.
Princess Bubblegum's Lab.
Princess Bubblegum says: "I was testing a sample of the zombie flesh I had saved when Cinnamon Bun came into the lab."
Princess Bubblegum says: "He said he was hungry."
Cinnamon Bun says: "I'm hungry."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Not now, Cinnamon Bun."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I'm busy."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Cinnamon Bun?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Where did you..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "EEEEHHHHH!!!"
Zombie Cinnamon Bun says: "Sugar!"
Flashback ends.
Princess Bubblegum says: "I escaped, but I wasn't able to stop Cinnamon Bun from infecting the rest of the kingdom."
Princess Bubblegum says: "The good news is I still have all my notes for making the antidote formula."
Finn says: "Oh, sweet!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Let's board up the windows then we can get started."
A zombie bursts through a window, bites Princess Bubblegum on the neck, and drags her out.
Finn says: "Princess!!"
Finn runs to the window and grabs Princess Bubblegum's arms.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Don't worry, Finn."
Princess Bubblegum says: "You have the notes to my formula."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Just let Science do the work."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Science..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "is..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "MAHHRRAHHH!"
Finn says: "Nooo!!!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Get that zombie outta here!"
Lumpy Space Princess bludgeons zombie Princess Bubblegum with a wooden board; Finn shrieks.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Aw, nah!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I am not getting eaten by zombies tonight."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Get the lump outta here!!!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Ahh!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Ahh!"
Finn says: "Princess!"
Jake says: "These notes make no sense."
Jake says: "It's all gobbledy-gak."
Lumpy Space Princess takes the notes and Finn takes some and give them to Jake and Lady Rainicorn.
Finn says: "Alright, we'll each make our own version of the formula."
Finn says: "One of us is bound to get it right."
A montage begins where the group makes their own formula.
Finn says: "Hmm?"
A candy corn lab rat on the table begins to move frantically.
Jake says: "Hey, Princess Bubblegum trained her rat to dance."
Jake says: "Neat."
Montage continues and ends.
Finn says: "Done."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Done!"
Jake says: "Done!"
Lady says: "Done!"
Finn says: "Bubblegum, I'm comin' for you!!!"
They go to the boarded window where zombies are peeking through.
Finn says: "Mine first."
Finn pours his formula on a zombie's arm and it promptly grows wings; Finn and Jake gasp; it bites zombie Pineapple Guy, who grows wings, and they both bite another zombie that grows wings and they fly away.
Winged Zombies says: "Sugar!"
They fly around and two of them crash into the castle.
Finn says: "Cram!"
Scene cuts to tops of a building where Starchie is.
Starchie says: "Oh, my, that's a lot of zombies down there."
Starchie says: "Starchie's glad he's up here."
Starchie says: "Dang it!"
Winged zombie dive bombs Starchie into the boarded window breaking it.
Jake says: "Let's get out of here!"
Finn says: "Stairs!"
Finn says: "Jake, try yours and Lady's next!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Move outta the way!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "My formula is going to cure the zombies because I made the prettiest formula."
Lumpy Space Princess dumps her formula out of a window on the zombies, who all grow huge red lips.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Oh."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "My."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Glob."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Look at those luscious lips."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I gotta go lick up the rest of that formula!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Aaaaaaah!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Yeah!"
Finn says: "LSP, look out!"
The horde begins to swarm around her.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Huh."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I know you want this body, but you can't have it!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "You can't have it!"
Finn says: "LSP!"
Jake says: "LSP!"
Finn says: "Dang it, Jake."
Finn says: "We only got one formula left."
Finn says: "Try yours and Lady's."
Jake says: "Right."
They pour it out the window on the zombies.
Jake says: "Let's hope this works."
The zombies grow buff, they all fly up and smash their way into the tower. Screaming, the group runs.
Finn says: "Wh-..."
Finn says: "where now?!"
Finn says: "!"
Jake says: "We can barricade ourselves in the lab!"
They run into the lab and shut the door on the rampaging zombies.
Finn says: "Did anyone get bit?"
Jake says: "I think we're good."
Jake says: "That door is made out of candy steel."
Zombie Mr. Candy Cane comes out of a locker on the wall, Finn screams.
Jake says: "What's the matter?"
Zombie Mr. Candy Cane heads towards Lady, but Jake uses his arm to push him back into locker and puts it against the door and puts a flowerpot on top of it.
Finn says: "Jake!"
Finn says: "Did it get 'cha?"
Jake says: "I think I'm okay."
Jake says: "It's just a little bite."
The little bite starts to spread across his whole arm, Jake squeals. He stretches his arm, which begins to move on it's own, away from him as its spreads.
Lady Rainicorn says: "Jake!"
Jake says: "It's all good, Sweetie."
Jake says: "I can stretch forever."
Jake says: "Hehehehe..."
Jake says: "Whooa..."
Finn says: "Okay, let's see here..."
Jake says: "You should try one of them books."
Jake says: "Over there by the lab rat."
Finn says: "Ha!"
Finn says: "Yeah, okay."
Finn says: "Yes!"
Finn says: "This book has a glossary of symbols."
Jake says: "That's great, buddy."
The lab rat taps on the glass and jumps against it.
Finn says: "Jake, I think this little guy has serious dance fever."
Jake is tired and gasping, he sees the "Sciencey Shower" in the wall and closes himself in it; Lady comes near the shower.
Jake says: "Don't come near me, Sweetie!"
Jake says: "Oh, man, I'm outta shape."
Jake says: "I think I should just stay in here, ya know."
Jake says: "Just in case."
Jake says: "Ya oh."
The infection goes up Jake's arms and he stretches his arm filling the shower.
Jake says: "Hurry, dude!"
Finn says: "I am!"
Finn says: "Okay, Jake's probably going turn into a zombie, which is okay."
Finn says: "I just have to figure out this formula."
Lady Rainicorn says: "Jake?"
Lady Rainicorn says: "Jake?"
Jake's arm retracts and reveals he is now a zombie.
Lady Rainicorn says: "Jake!"
Finn says: "Hang on, Lady!"
Finn says: "I'll have the antidote soon, but whatever you do, just don't let him out."
Finn says: "He may look like the Jake that once loved you, but he's just a zombie!"
Lady looks at zombie Jake.
Lady Rainicorn says: "아니야."
Lady Rainicorn says: "얘는 날 사랑해."
Finn says: "Hey, Lady..."
Lady is now a zombie, Finn grabs the cart with his equipment runs and gets the lab rat cage and puts it on the cart, at this point the Candy Zombie horde breaks through the door, and release zombie Mr. Candy Cane from the locker. Finn rushes his cart into the Sciencey Shower and closes himself in, but accidentally drops the Symbols book outside.
Finn says: "The book!"
The zombies begin to crack the shower's glass, Finn looks around nervously.
Finn says: "You know, it's funny; I don't even know your name."
The lab rat goes over to a label on the side of the cage that says "Science TS 19-04".
Finn says: "Yeah?"
Finn says: "What is it, girl?"
Finn says: ""Sci..."
Finn says: "ence."
Finn says: "" Your name is "Science"?"
Finn says: "Could it be?"
Flashback.
PB says: "Just let Science do the work."
PB says: "Science..."
PB says: "is..."
PB says: "MAHHRRAHHH!"
Flashback ends.
Finn says: "Hmm..."
Finn takes Science out of the cage and puts her on the cart, she looks at the notes and brings Finn ingredients and they make the antidote.
Finn says: "Here goes nothing."
Finn pours a few drops of the formula on Jake from over the glass, he returns to normal.
Jake says: "Finn!"
Finn says: "Jake!"
Jake says: "You did it!"
Jake says: "I huh, uh..."
Finn looks at Science who just shrugs, the zombies begin to break the glass, Finn gasps and Science looks nervous.
Finn says: "Don't worry, Science."
Finn says: "I've got a disgusting idea."
Finn says: "OH, MY GLOB!!!"
Scene goes to black and returns as sunset is over the Candy Kingdom the next day; everyone is back to normal.
Jake says: "Sorry about biting you, sugar."
Jake says: "Oh."
Princess Bubblegum says: "And so the Royal Day of Apologizing has come to an end."
Princess Bubblegum says: "And now I shall present the Royal Medal for Heroic Bravery."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn the Human."
Finn says: "Yes."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Would you please move out of the way?"
Finn moves, revealing Science.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Science the Rat, you have served your kingdom well."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Citizens of Candy Kingdom, rejoice!"
Citizens says: "Huzzah!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Rejoice!"
Citizens says: "Huzzah!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Rejoice!"
Citizens says: "Huzzah!"
Citizens says: "Huzzah!"
The camera goes to Science, who is smiling.
Episode ends.