Finn is dropping rice into Flame Princess's hair in the Grass Lands near the Tree Fort. The rice burns as it falls and touches her hair.
Finn says: "Huh."
Finn says: "Is this, like, eating for you?"
Flame Princess says: "I don't know about eating, but it feels nice."
Finn says: "Hmm."
Flame Princess hugs the log and slowly starts to burn it.
Ice King says: "Hey!"
Finn stretches his arms and grunts to try and hit him, but cannot come close to reaching him.
Flame Princess says: "Finn."
Finn says: "Huh?"
Flame Princess says: "Let me."
Flame Princess melts the icicles as they fly towards her.
Ice King says: "Oh, so you wanna get real, do ya?"
Ice King says: "Well, check this!"
Ice King says: "You seeing this?"
Finn says: "Whoa."
Ice King says: "Ow!"
Ice King says: "My hams!"
Flame Princess says: "Beat it, you freaky old trump!"
Flame Princess flies back to Finn. The heart of fire explodes as she shrugs. Finn blushes.
Scene changes to inside the Tree Fort at night. Finn is sleeping and grunting. Steam suddenly blows around him.
Finn says: "Huh?"
Finn says: "What's cookin'?"
Finn says: "Smells good."
Background changes to orange, yellow, and white waves. We see fire being shot at Finn's groin as Finn yells excitedly. We see Flame Princess shooting the fire at him. She grunts when Finn looks up at her. Finn starts to laugh.
Finn says: "Oh, so good!"
A voice starts quietly chanting "you blew it." Finn wakes up and looks around. Jake is singing while cooking eggs.
Finn says: "Jake!"
Finn says: "Jake!"
Finn says: "I had an awesome dream!"
Finn says: "Flame Princess was there; My body was on fire."
Finn says: "I think it was inspired by Flame Princess battling Ice King yesterday!"
Jake says: "That's weird."
Jake says: "I had a dream too."
Jake says: "I'll tell you about it!"
Scene switches to breakfast. Jake and Finn are sitting at a table.
Jake says: "So then paintings were found and everybody's eyes lit up."
Jake says: "Cinnamon Bun smiled and said: "I saw it from miles away"..."
Finn starts talking to himself and not paying Jake any attention.
Finn says: "Man, I need to have that dream again."
Finn says: "I have to get Flame Princess to beat down Ice King again."
Scene switches to Flame Princess and Finn having a picnic in the Ice Kingdom.
Flame Princess says: "Why'd you pick this spot?"
Finn says: "Why does anyone do anything?"
Flame Princess says: "Hmm..."
Flame Princess says: "why do they?"
Finn says: "Mmm?"
Flame Princess says: "No thanks."
Finn says: "Suit yourself!"
Finn says: "Hey, look!"
Finn says: "There's that big jerk you hate so much, remember?"
Ice King says: "Oh, hey, kids!"
Ice King says: "Fine day for a picnic."
Finn says: "Oh, dang."
Finn says: "Did you hear that?!"
Finn says: "!"
Finn says: "I think he's, like, making fun of you."
Flame Princess says: "What?!"
Flame Princess says: "!"
Finn says: "Yeah, it's in the tone of his voice."
Flame Princess says: "What did you say to me?"
Ice King says: "Uh, what?"
Ice King says: "What did I say?"
Flame Princess says: "It is in the tone of your voice."
Ice King says: "Look, just take whatever you want."
Ice King says: "Okay?"
Ice King says: "Take it all!"
Ice King says: "It's all just prunes!"
Ice King says: "Prunes and liver!"
Ice King says: "Frozen, of course."
The bits of food hit Flame Princess and steam up. She grunts and punches Ice King. He falls into the snow. Finn blushes.
Ice King says: "Oh, boy."
Flame Princess says: "I don't like being made fun of, Ice King."
Flame Princess says: "I don't like it at all!"
Ice King says: "Woah!"
Flame Princess walks over to Ice King, throwing fire at him. He blocks her attacks with ice. One of the frozen fire balls hits him on the head, knocking him over. Finn looks at them at bites his index finger in anticipation.
Ice King says: "Oh, man."
Ice King says: "Times!"
Ice King says: "I call time!"
Flame Princess says: "It's only okay if the person making the fun is someone I'm cool with!"
Ice King says: "We're totes cool!"
Ice King says: "I-I'm Ice King!"
Flame Princess says: "And they do it in a respectful and knowing way!"
Ice King says: "Respect?"
Ice King says: "I got all kinds of respect!"
Flame Princess says: "Oh, yeah?"
Flame Princess says: "Then what's with that stupid smirking face?"
Ice King says: "Smirk?"
Ice King says: "I smirk when I'm nervous."
Snow Monster says: "Bear hug!"
Flame Princess yells out in pain. Finn gasps.
Ice King says: "And also when I'm about to win!"
Ice King says: "And I didn't even get to test out my new fire-proof grundies!"
Finn says: "Put it away, man!"
Finn says: "You didn't win nothing!"
Ice King flies away and laughs.
Finn says: "Are you okay?"
Finn says: "You feel..."
Finn says: "lukewarm."
Flame Princess says: "I-I just need to burn a couple of forests or something."
Flame Princess says: "And get a good night's sleep."
Finn says: "Yeah."
Finn says: "Sleep."
Scene switches to inside the Tree Fort at night. Finn is putting on his pajamas and walks over to a table with six glasses of milk.
Finn says: "Play the sleep jam, BMO."
Finn jumps into bed and instantly falls asleep. Blue waves surround him.
Finn says: "Mmm."
Finn says: "What's cookin'?"
Finn says: "Smells good."
Finn says: "Wha?!"
Finn says: "!"
Finn says: "What?!"
Finn says: "!"
Finn says: "Oh, no!"
The Cosmic Owl laughs in the distance. Finn looks at him and yells in fright, waking up.
Finn says: "It was the Cosmic Owl!"
Jake says: "What?!"
Jake says: "!"
Jake says: "You didn't tell me the Cosmic Owl was there!"
Finn says: "I couldn't see him last time!"
Jake says: "Dude, that means it was a prophetic dream!"
Jake says: "You have to finish the original dream!"
Jake says: "Cosmic Owl could be whispering something wildly significant!"
Jake says: "You have to get Flame Princess and Ice King to fight again so you can see the end of the dream!"
Jake says: "Make 'em fight!"
Finn says: "Flame Princess fight Ice King."
Scene switches to Ice Kingdom where Ice King is sitting.
Finn says: "Ice King!"
Ice King says: "What?"
Finn throws a letter into Ice King's beard.
Ice King says: "Ooh, beard mail!"
Ice King says: "Oh, fight."
Scene switches to Grass Lands, where Flame Princess is standing.
Finn says: "Flame Princess!"
Flame Princess says: "Huh?"
Scene switches to Ice Kingdom. Finn is hiding behind a snow barrier. He looks out and sees Flame Princess flying towards Ice King. They meet and start to fly up. Flame Princess grabs Ice King by the beard.
Ice King says: "Not my beard!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "What is all that noise?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Ach, mein Glöb!"
Scene switches back to fight.
Flame Princess says: "Inferno..."
Flame Princess says: "shot!"
Ice King says: "Ice..."
Ice King says: "the King!"
The two blasts meet and form an explosion that throws both of them back. Flame Princess turns into a giant form and walks over to where Ice King is, burning all of the ice in her path. Ice King flies into his home and forms a giant snow man that he can control. The two meet in the center of the Ice Kingdom. Flame Princess punches Ice King's snow man, but the snow blocks her punches.
Flame Princess says: "Stop that!"
Flame Princess grows bigger, burning the snow arms, and topples over Ice King's warrior.
Ice King says: "Oh beans, oh beans, oh beans!"
Gunters are seen running away from the havoc, while the Snow Golem carries a couple in his arms.
Finn says: "I maybe went too far with this jazz."
Finn is on his bed and sees Flame Princess walk over to him. She burns his groin.
Finn says: "Oh!"
Finn says: "Uh..."
Finn explodes in fire. He is turned into a fat baby with chest and facial hair and long legs. Flame Princess gasps and starts to walk away. Finn starts to throw a tantrum. The Cosmic Owl is suddenly sitting on his bed.
Cosmic Owl says: "You blew it."
Flame Princess is still burning ice towers. Finn takes a deep breath.
Finn says: "Okay, I can fix this."
Finn says: "I can make it right."
Scene switches to inside of Ice King's ice giant. Fires are burning everywhere.
Finn says: "Ice King!"
Ice King says: "Finn!"
Finn says: "I'm so sorry, man."
Ice King says: "I meant after you saved me."
Finn lifts a small sheet of ice off of Gunter. Finn performs mouth-to-mouth resuscitation. Gunter quacks.
Finn says: "Oh."
Ice King says: "Oh!"
Ice King says: "That's right, carry me like a princess."
Flame Princess turns to see Ice King walking away, without seeing Finn carrying him.
Flame Princess says: "Ice King!"
Flame Princess says: "You can't escape me!"
Finn says: "Huh?"
Flame Princess says: "Finn!"
Ice King says: "Whatever."
Flame Princess says: "I'm so, so sorry, Finn!"
Flame Princess says: "Are you alright?"
Finn says: "No, princess."
Finn says: "I'm the one who's sorry."
Finn says: "Ice King hasn't been picking fights with you, it's..."
Finn says: "it's been me all along."
Ice King says: "What?"
Flame Princess says: "So, you wrote that letter?"
Finn says: "Yes, but look, it's just like, I had this dream and it was because of that fight you had."
Finn says: "It was weird, but I also liked it."
Flame Princess says: "Shh."
Flame Princess says: "I should have known."
Flame Princess says: "That letter said things in it that only you would know."
Flame Princess says: "Personal things, Finn."
Flame Princess says: "And you used them against me."
Flame Princess says: "I thought you were the one person I could- I need some time alone."
Finn says: "Princess!"
Flame Princess walks away.
Finn says: "But, I said I was sorry."
Gunter rips out of Finn's shirt and falls into the water.
Ice King says: "You blew it, man."
Episode ends.