Finn and Jake are sleeping in the Tree Fort's boat.
A fly flies into his mouth.
Jake says: "Ah."
The fly escapes and buzzes down to BMO and Neptr, who are playing by the well.
BMO says: "Stand and deliver, boy, because I'm Robbing Hood."
BMO says: "Give me all your funny money, Sheriff of Naughty-hams."
Neptr says: "But BMO, I don't want to be the bad guy."
Neptr says: "I want to be Robbing Hood's pal, Friar Tux."
BMO says: "No, Neptr."
Neptr says: "No fair."
Neptr says: "En guard!"
BMO says: "On Blitzen!"
They hit their sticks together repeatedly. Neptr swings his stick at BMO, but BMO jumps and dodges it.
BMO says: "You're terrible!"
Neptr swings again, but BMO ducks.
BMO says: "Whoa!"
The stick hits the wall of the tree fort, which starts rumbling. The wall suddenly cracks, and out bursts a deluge of coins.
BMO says: "Eeeee!"
Neptr says: "Aaaaa!"
Jake says: "What?"
Jake says: "Hey!"
Jake says: "What are you kids doing breaking the treehouse?"
BMO says: "Uh..."
Finn and Jake climb down from the boat.
Finn says: "Yo, BMO, what happened?"
BMO says: "You got too much money, honey."
BMO says: "All of this dosh is threatening the structural integrity of the treehouse."
Finn says: "Who would have thought we could have too much treasure?"
Something groans behind them, under the treasure. The Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant emerges.
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant says: "I'm sorry, master."
Finn says: "Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant!"
Jake says: "Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant!"
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant says: "You told me to stay inside the money room, but now I am outside."
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant says: "What is your punishment, master?"
Finn says: "No punishment, dude."
Finn says: "Just chill where you are."
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant says: "All right."
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant says: "I will chill where I am until you command me."
Finn says: "So what should we do with all this swash?"
BMO says: "You should give it to Robbing Hood."
Jake says: "No way, BMO."
Jake says: "This is our treasure."
BMO says: "Aw."
Finn says: "Hey, maybe we could, like, spend it?"
Jake says: "Really?"
Jake says: "How much of it?"
Finn says: "Dude, like all of it."
Finn says: "Then we can find completely new treasure."
Neptr says: "Neptr knows just the place to blow your grease."
Neptr says: "Behold, this recent advertisement."
Jake says: "Whoa!"
Jake says: "We get mail?"
Finn says: "Check it out, Jake."
[The flyer reads says: "Come to Wildberry Kingdom, a really expensive vacation destination."
Jake says: "Dang!"
Jake says: "Wildberry Kingdom got all fancy."
Jake lifts up the Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant, gathers together all the treasure, transforms into a legged dump truck, and sets the elephant back down. Finn climbs in, and the two start leaving.
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant says: "I continue to chill."
BMO says: "Come on, Naughty-Hams."
Finn and Jake arrive at the Wildberry Kingdom, passing a gondola, a roadside meat stand, and restaurants. A waiter serves two Wildberry People a plate of meat.
Patron says: "Thank you."
The waiter takes the patrons' stacks of money.
Finn says: "Nice place."
Finn says: "So how are we gonna spend all this gish?"
Jake says: "I don't know."
Jake says: "I've never really spent money before."
Jake says: "I've only stolen it or hoarded it."
Finn says: "Ha!"
Jake says: "So..."
Jake says: "here we are in the middle of town."
Jake dumps the load of treasure in a fountain.
Jake says: "Let's parse out some dough to spend."
Finn and Jake climb in to the fountain.
Strawberry Guard says: "Hey!"
Strawberry Guard says: "What are you doing?"
Strawberry Guard says: "No people or money allowed in the fountain, ya dums!"
Strawberry Guard says: "Where's your sense at?!"
Strawberry Guard says: "!"
Jake says: "Sorry, man."
Jake says: "We were just looking to spend some cash in town."
Jake says: "Want some?"
Strawberry Guard says: "Fellas, goofing in a public fountain is punishable by a lashing, and you're trying to bribe me."
Jake offers a crown.
Strawberry Guard says: "Ooh!"
Strawberry Guard says: "Now that's what I'm talking about, fellas."
Strawberry Guard says: "Have a good time in the fountain."
Jake says: "Whoa."
Jake says: "Spending money is kind of fun."
Finn says: "Yeah, this'll be easy."
Finn says: "Ho, ho, young berry lads!"
Wildberry kid says: "Yeah?"
Finn says: "Go buy the most expensive meats and furniture to adorn our new fountain home."
Finn says: "Keep the change for your families in need."
Finn says: "Hyup!"
Wildberry kid says: "Thanks, but we're, uh, middle-class."
Finn says: "Really?"
Wildberry kid says: "Uh, yeah, upper middle."
Jake says: "Just get the darn furniture."
Strawberry Guard says: "Hey, no furniture or meat in the fountain!"
Strawberry Guard says: "You'll wreck up the water!"
Jake offers some more treasure.
Strawberry Guard says: "You can't buy me off twice, fellas."
Jake offers still more treasure.
Finn says: "Dude, we bought all this furniture and meat, and we still have a ton of gamboni left."
Jake says: "Hmm."
Jake says: "Look at those gams!"
Jake says: "Hey, yo, Legs!"
Jake says: "Legs!"
Jake says: "You want a bag of money?"
Legs says: "Sure!"
Jake says: "Well, what are you gonna do for it?"
Legs says: "Well, um, I'm a dancer by trade."
Jake says: "Show me."
Legs does a sequence of ballet moves.
Legs says: "Hup!"
Jake says: "Finn, look."
Jake says: "I made this guy dance."
Finn says: "Yeah, man."
Finn says: "Whoo!"
Strawberry Guard says: "Hold it!"
Strawberry Guard says: "No dancing in the streets without a permit!"
Jake says: "Go away, dude."
Strawberry Guard says: "Hey, you can't talk to me like that."
Jake tosses him four moneybags.
Strawberry Guard says: "All right, I'm going!"
Jake says: "This is crazy."
Jake says: "People do anything for money."
Jake says: "And I've got a ton of money."
Jake says: "Dance harder, Legs!"
Jake says: "Harder!"
Jake throws coins at Legs as he dances.
Wildberry kids says: "Okay."
The scene changes to a house in the Wildberry Kingdom, where two Wildberry People are sleeping.
Jake says: "Ahem."
Goji Berry Man says: "Mabel, do you hear something?"
Mabel turns on the light, revealing Finn and Jake, who is covered in moneybags like a Wildberry Person.
Jake says: "Good evening."
Wildberry People says: "Oh no!"
Wildberry People says: "We're being robbed!"
Finn says: "Oh, no, we're not robbers."
Finn says: "We're actually here to give you money."
Goji Berry Man says: "What?"
Jake says: "Listen."
Jake says: "I want to see you two do things  for this bag of money."
Goji Berry Man says: "Okay, man."
Jake says: "Yeah, nice."
Jake says: "Goji Berry Man, you sleep on the left side of the bed normally."
Jake says: "Now you sleep on the right!"
Goji Berry Man says: "Okay."
He switches places with Mabel.
Mabel says: "I don't like sleeping on your side."
Mabel says: "It's too close to the wall!"
Jake says: "Mr."
Jake says: "Goji Berry, you sleep on your back now—"
Jake says: "and on top of the covers."
Goji Berry Man says: "I can't sleep on my back, man."
Goji Berry Man says: "I got sleep apnea."
Goji Berry Man says: "I won't get any sleep."
Goji Berry Man says: "My wife won't get any sleep."
Goji Berry Man says: "My dance instructing will suffer."
Jake says: "Turning down all this smoosh, huh?"
Jake says: "Dance instruction pays more than I thought."
Goji Berry Man says: "Wait, man!"
Goji Berry Man says: "There's got to be something else we can do to get those gold coins."
Jake says: "Well, sure, man."
Jake says: "As a matter of fact, you can have all the gold coins..."
Jake says: "all the gold coins you can eat!"
Jake says: "Dinner is served!"
Finn says: "Guys, I'm super sorry about my friend."
Finn says: "Here."
The Wildberry People start munching the bags.
Finn says: "Don't eat it, ya dums!"
The scene cuts to outside the house, where Jake is coming back from the toolshed with a wheelbarrow of various indigestible items.
Jake says: "How much do you think I'd have to pay them to lick the dust off all this dusty stuff?"
Finn says: "Dude, I do not approve of the way you're spending money right now."
Jake says: "Dude, they're not doing anything they don't want to."
Jake says: "They want my sweet cheddar, and I want to see some stuff in exchange."
Jake says: "It's mutual—"
Jake says: "free market."
Finn says: "What?"
Jake says: "Free market!"
Finn says: "Don't worry, brother."
Finn says: "I'll help you see the error of your ways."
Back in the Wildberry Kingdom, the Wildberry kids are standing on the pile of loot. Finn runs up to them.
Finn says: "Berry lads!"
Finn says: "Berry lads!"
Finn says: "I need to spend all this blingo fast."
Wildberry kid says: "Okay."
Finn says: "Take me to the seediest alley in the kingdom."
Wildberry kid says: "That's Crudberry Back Alley..."
Wildberry kid says: "in Crud Town."
In Crudberry Back Alley, some homeless Wildberry People are sleeping on the ground. Finn and the Wildberry kids arrive with a wheelbarrow of treasure.
Finn says: "Friendly Crudberries, I have money for you!"
Finn says: "Come get it!"
Hobos says: "Money?"
Hobos says: "Money!"
Finn says: "Easy, fellas!"
Finn says: "Let's pass these out one at a time."
A hobo tries to take one of Finn's bags.
Finn says: "Hey, take it easy, breh."
Hobo says: "Give us that money!"
Finn says: "I-I-I don't want any trouble."
Finn says: "I'm trying to help you."
They continue fighting each other in the alley. Finn then runs out with his face covered in juice.
One of the hobos peaks around the corner, but Finn punches him with his eyes closed.
Jake says: "How much coin would it take for you to be my berry foot warmer?"
Finn says: "Dude!"
Jake says: "Oh, hey, man."
Finn says: "Jake, this money is bad."
Finn says: "We got to get rid of all of it right now."
Jake says: "Okay, I got a plan."
Jake says: "And this time, it's gonna involve all the money."
The song "Money" plays as Finn and Jake bribe their way past several guards and the elevator operator to Wildberry Princess, who is sleeping in a tub of meat in a "decompressing" room.
Jake throws moneybags at the door.
Jake continues throwing the bags and breaks down the door.
Wildberry Princess says: "Finn and Jake?"
Jake says: "Princess, are you ready to earn all this cay-ash?"
Wildberry Princess says: "What..."
Wildberry Princess says: "?"
Jake says: "All of this sweet, sweet crunkle is yours if you let me..."
Jake says: "sit on your head."
Wildberry Princess says: "Get out of here!"
Jake says: "No one can say no to this much dinero."
Wildberry Princess says: "Jake, I am warning you."
Jake shrinks down and sits on Wildberry Princess' head.
Wildberry Princess says: "Aah!"
Wildberry Princess says: "Guards!"
Wildberry Princess says: "Guards!"
Wildberry Princess says: "Seize Finn and Jake and prepare them for execution!"
Jake says: "Or don't do that and get paid mad bucks."
Wildberry Princess says: "And take all their money!"
Jake says: "Take all my money?!"
Jake says: "!"
The scene cuts to Finn and Jake hanging by their wrists on a stage.
Jake says: "Well, we were trying to get rid of all that skrilla anyway, right?"
Wildberry Princess says: "Finn and Jake, yes, you have insulted me, but worse than that, you have abused the power of money!"
Wildberry Princess says: "We will deal with you swiftly and ironically by encasing you in your own molten gold!"
Above Finn and Jake, a Wildberry Person stirs a gigantic pot of liquid gold.
Wildberry Princess says: "Release the golden flood!"
A Wildberry Person turns a crank, which releases the flow of gold.
Just before the gold pours on to Finn and Jake, an arrow hits the chute and pushes it over the Strawberry Guard.
Strawberry Guard says: "Oh, no!"
Strawberry Guard says: "Aah!"
Gold encases the Strawberry Guard. The crowd disperses, screaming.
Wildberry Princess says: "Who dares?"
BMO says: "Ho, ho, ho!"
BMO says: "Robbing Hood is the defender of the poor!"
A Jelly Horse gallops up, with Neptr tied to its side.
Neptr says: "Me too!"
Jake says: "Good shot, BMO!"
BMO says: "I was aiming for the rope."
BMO says: "Yeah!"
The arrow hits Jake in the armpit. Jake pulls it out and cuts Finn and Jake's ropes with it.
Jake says: "Let's bounce, po' boy."
They all get on the Jelly Horse and ride away.
Wildberry Princess says: "Finn and Jake, if you ever return to Wildberry Kingdom again, I'll have you double-dipped in gold!"
Wildberry Princess says: "Unless I get a written apology."
Outside the Tree Fort, Finn spots a coin.
Finn says: "Huh?"
Finn says: "Gold piece."
Finn says: "You want to flip to see who writes that apology letter?"
Jake says: "How about you write it, I sign it."
Finn says: "No way, man."
Finn and Jake enter the now-empty treasure room. Finn flips the coin, which rolls across the floor and down a hole.
Episode ends.