The episode begins with Jake trying to form a cube with his body while Finn is trying to build a stick fort using twigs.
Jake says: "What'ya building?"
Finn stops building the stick fort.
Finn says: "Um, it's just a little stick fort."
Jake says: "Oh, rad!"
Jake shrinks to a suitable size to play with the Stick Fort.
Jake says: "Look."
Jake says: "It's just my size."
Finn and Jake both laugh while Jake climbs onto the top of the fort.
Jake says: "Hey, get away from my fort, you big stinky monster!"
Finn says: "I like it when you get small, Jake."
Jake picks up a leaf from one of the sticks.
Jake says: "Yeah, me too."
Stick fort starts shaking mysteriously.
Jake says: "Whoa, whoa!"
The fort smashes into pieces. Jake falls but lands on his legs. Peppermint Butler appears from underneath the broken stick fort pieces.
Finn says: "Whoa, Peppermint Butler!"
Peppermint Butler says: "Finn, Jake, the Princess wants to see you."
Scene changes to the Candy Kingdom, with Finn, Jake and Princess Bubblegum walking down a set of stairs.
Princess Bubblegum says: "As princess of Candy Kingdom, I'm in charge of a lot of candy people."
Princess Bubblegum says: "They rely on me."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I can't imagine what might happen to them if I was gone."
Princess Bubblegum says: "And after my brush with death at the hands of the Lich,  I would if I could."
Finn and Jake stare at Bubblegum.
Princess Bubblegum says: "But modern science just isn't there yet."
Finn and Jake look at each other while Bubblegum is talking.
Princess Bubblegum says: "So I engineered a replacement who can live forever."
The door unlocks and Bubblegum opens it.
Finn and Jake stare.
Princess Bubblegum says: "I call her..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Goliad."
Finn and Jake walk towards Goliad.
Finn says: "Aww!"
Jake says: "Aww!"
Finn says: "She's cute."
Jake says: "She's cute."
Jake trys to climb in her tub but Goliad pushes him out.
Jake laughs in response while Finn walks closer towards Goliad.
Finn says: "Hi, Goliad."
Finn says: "I'm Finn."
Jake says: "And I'm Jake."
Goliad says: "Hi, Finn."
Goliad says: "Hi, Jake."
Finn says: "Hi, Goliad."
Goliad says: "Hi, Finn."
Princess Bubblegum sits on a small seat.
Finn says: "What did you use to make her?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, um..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Pretty standard candy creature soup."
Scene changes to a flashback of Princess Bubblegum trying to create Goliad.
Bubblegum pours in candy soup with Cinnamon Bun inside it into a mixture of a unknown green sludge.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Some acids."
Bubblegum pours scientific acids into the mixture while Cinnamon bun climbs out of the green mixture.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Some algebra."
Bubblegum scrapes chalk dust of the small chalkboard into the mixture.
Bubblegum then pulls out a necklace that has a miniature treasure chest on it.
Princess Bubblegum says: "And I threw in one of my baby teeth so she had my DNA."
Bubblegum throws the tooth into the mixture and starts stirring. Its mixture turns and starts glowing in a hot pink color.
Scene goes back in real time, inside the Candy Kingdom.
Finn says: "Wow, DNA?!"
Jake says: "Wow, DNA?!"
Finn says: "!"
Jake says: "!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yeah."
Princess Bubblegum says: "All it takes is just one little tooth, or,  a single hair."
Bubblegum goes back to brushing Goliad's paw.
Princess Bubblegum says: "It's all it takes."
Goliad moves her paw away from the brush but Bubblegum keeps brushing in the same spot where her paw was.
Jake says: "Princess Bubblegum, are you okay?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yeah, I'm fine."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I'm good."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Haven't slept for a solid 83 hours, but..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "yeah, I'm good."
Jake says: "Aw, you should go to bed."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I can't go to bed, Goliad has huge, mondo mama brains."
Goliad is then seen playing with a bunch of stuck together cubes.
Princess Bubblegum says: "I still need to fill them with knowledge..."
Finn and Jake go closer towards Bubblegum.
Finn says: "What?"
Finn says: "Let us teach her."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Uhh, okay."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I guess that will be all right."
Finn says: "Teach, teaching teachers."
Jake says: "Teach, teaching teachers."
Goliad looks at Finn and Jake.
Finn starts running around towards the door and Jake stretches towards it in a pattern.
Finn says: "Woow, woow, woow!"
Jake says: "Woow, woow, woow!"
Finn says: "C'mon, Goliad."
Goliad walks with Finn and Jake outside.
Finn says: "See ya later, Princess!"
Finn says: "Get some sleep!"
Princess Bubblegum starts mumbling.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Huh?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Whu..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Bye guys..."
Scene shifts to a playground.
Finn says: "Look, Goliad."
Finn says: "This is a preschool."
Finn says: "I'm gonna set up some obstacles and all that for you to learn on, is that okay?"
Goliad says: "Yeah, thanks Finn."
Goliad says: "I'm excited to learn."
Finn says: "Okay, great."
Finn says: "Jake, you go and get some kids from inside to help with the lesson and such."
Jake says: "Okay."
Jake says: "C'mon, Goliad."
Jake and Goliad walk towards the preschool building while Finn walks away and goes to find some items.
Goliad says: "Yes, Jake."
Scene changes to inside the preschool room.
Jake and Goliad walk inside.
Jake says: "Uhm..."
Jake and Goliad see the children being naughty and messing around.
A peanut child jumps up and down yelling and growling.
Jake says: "Uhh..."
Jake notices some two candy people trying to rip one of the children's arms off while he is laughing.
One of them rips his left arm off and starts hitting him with it.
Red Gumball/Candy Child says: "Stinking, durken..."
A marshmallow child is seen eating some of the toys, then suddenly a screaming green candy person falls and gets injured right next to him. The marshmallow starts beating him up.
Some more of them are messing with their nanny.
Candy Nanny says: "Now, now, settle down."
Goliad says: "Jake, these kids seem pretty scary."
Jake says: "Ah, nah, these kids ain't nothin'!"
Jake says: "Kids groove doozyploon!"
Jake says: "Check this out."
Jake walks towards the kids.
Jake gets interrupted by the kids because they are shouting at him, then start running towards him.
Jake says: "Uhh, easy now children."
The kids start climbing onto him.
Peanut Child says: "Get his brain!"
Peanut Child says: "Get his brain!"
Goliad stares in shock.
Peanut Child says: "Get his eyes!"
Jake breathes in and pops the kids off of him and starts growing into a gigantic size while also turning red.
Jake says: "Listen up, you kids better stop donkin' around!"
Jake says: "You're gonna mess up Goliad!"
Jake says: "It's my way or the highway, get it?"
Jake says: "I'm Don Juan Cherry Tempo!"
Jake says: "Now march, glib blobbit!"
Kids go outside.
Jake shrinks back to his normal size.
Jake says: "Don't be acting all crazy."
Jake and Goliad go outside with the kids.
Scene changes to outside of the building with the obstacle course being created.
Jake says: "Wow, holy shmow!"
Jake, Goliad, and the kids walk to the obstacle course.
Finn says: "Oh, hey, y'all are just in time."
Finn says: "You ready to pop this croc's back Dr."
Finn says: "Goliad?"
Goliad says: "Yeah, I think so Finn."
Goliad says: "I've learned a real lot already so far."
Goliad says: "Sooo much..."
Goliad says: "from Jake."
Jake starts to worry.
Jake says: "Uh, you know, Finn..."
Jake says: "maybe this isn't such a good idea, actually."
Finn says: "Oh, no, it's cool."
Finn says: "I got helmets for everybody."
Scene shifts to Goliad and the children starting to do the course.
Finn says: "Okay, Goliad, you ready to lead?"
Goliad says: "Ready!"
Finn says: "Okay, in 3, 2, 1..."
Finn says: "Go!"
Goliad viciously reacts and starts mimicking Jake from earlier.
Goliad says: "Alright, listen up!"
Goliad says: "You kids better stop dunking around and get on that ramp!"
Kids start climbing up the ramp in fear.
Finn and Jake start worrying a lot.
Goliad says: "You're gonna mess up Goliad!"
Goliad says: "I'm Don Juan Cherry Temp—"
Goliad says: "Cherry Tempo!"
Goliad says: "It's my way or the highway, Glob-globbit!"
Kid trys to climb up onto to the next rock but Goliad scares him off by mimicking Jake's bark.
Finn says: "Stop stop!"
Finn says: "No, Goliad, no!"
Finn says: "Leading isn't about scaring people, you gotta stay calm and use your head."
Finn says: "Use that beautiful brain, girlfriend."
Goliad says: "My brain?"
Goliad says: "Are you sure?"
Finn says: "Yeah!"
Finn says: "Don't be shy."
Finn says: "Try it on me, lead me."
Goliad says: "Okay, Finn."
Goliad says: "Okay."
Goliad makes Finn do the entire course under Goliad's PK control.
Finn hits a bell and falls out of her spell.
Finn says: "No, Goliad, that's wrong, too."
Jake stretches to Finn and helps him up.
Finn says: "You can't just control people or whatever, it's messed up."
Goliad says: "No, Finn."
Goliad says: "This way is good."
Goliad says: "Everyone did what I wanted."
Goliad says: "Really fast, no mistakes, calm like you said."
Goliad says: "This is definitely is the way to lead."
Goliad says: "Definitely."
Finn says: "Um, no, no."
Finn says: "..."
Finn says: "Wait, is that true?"
Jake says: "C'mon, Goliad."
Jake says: "Let's go see Princess Bubblegum."
Scene shifts to Bubblegum's bedroom.
Finn and Jake burst through her bedroom door.
Finn says: "Princess!"
Finn says: "Princess!"
Jake says: "Goliad's got mind control powers!"
Finn says: "She got the wrong idea about leadership!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, I was afraid this might happen."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Where is she now?"
Finn says: "We left her outside the garden!"
Jake says: "We left her outside the garden!"
Scene shifts to the garden.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hello, Goliad."
Goliad says: "Hello, Princess."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I hear that you learned a lot today."
Goliad says: "Yes, I led the children."
Princess Bubblegum says: "But Finn said you used yelling and mind control."
Goliad says: "Yes, it was good."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Goliad,..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "and that's how leaders should be."
Bee flies towards Goliad.
Goliad says: "No, Princess."
Goliad says: "Bee cares not for flower."
Goliad says: "If getting pollen hurts or kills flower, bee would not care."
Goliad says: "Bee is stronger than flower."
Goliad's third eye appears from the top of her head and starts controlling the bee herself.
Goliad says: "Goliad is stronger than bee."
Goliad says: "Goliad is stronger than all."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, no."
Princess Bubblegum says: "She's too far gone, too corrupted."
Princess Bubblegum says: "If we're not careful, she can throw an ultra-tantrum and wind the castle apart."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I will have to disassemble her and try again."
Being a psionic candy sphinx, Goliad reads all of her thoughts and knows her plan.
Goliad says: "No, Princess."
Goliad says: "This is my castle now."
Goliad pounces behind Finn and Jake and jumps nearly to the top of the castle and destroys a wall.
Finn says: "Don't worry, Princess."
Finn says: "We'll stop her!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "No, Finn."
Princess Bubblegum says: "She's far too powerful."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Here's the plan: I'm going to build another Candy Sphinx in my lab."
Princess Bubblegum says: "It's the only thing that can possibly match her."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Just keep her busy 'til I return."
Princess Bubblegum says: "And don't think about the plan!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "She can read your minds!"
Jake stretches himself to the top of the castle with Finn.
Finn hides around the corner of the destroyed wall and checks to see if the coast is clear, but Goliad controls some candy people to attack but Finn and Jake try to escape.
Goliad turns a corner and finds Finn and Jake.
Jake enlarges himself to scare Goliad - but he forgot she can read minds.
Jake says: "Ugh, eyeball..."
Jake says: "Just tuck that eyeball back in its hole."
Goliad gets upset and makes Jake eat all of the candy people she is controlling.
Finn says: "Goliad, no!"
Jake falls off the edge.
Finn says: "Jake, don't swallow!"
Goliad tries to read Finn's mind.
Finn says: "Uhh, you're in Finn's bubble."
Goliad starts reading his mind.
Finn says: "Don't think of the plan..."
Finn says: "Think of something else."
Finn says: "Think of something else."
Finn thinks of earlier with Bubblegum.
Finn says: "Don't worry, Princess."
Finn says: "We'll stop her!"
Finn tries to stop thinking of the plan.
Princess Bubblegum says: "No, Finn, she's too—"
Finn resists Goliad's mind probe by making Princess Bubblegum's head a dolphin.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Anyway, like I was saying, she's far too powerful—"
Finn's mental resistance makes Princess Bubblegum's head blows up.
Goliad starts trying to focus more and get deeper into his thoughts.
Multiple Bubblegums appear in Finn's mind.
Princess Bubblegums says: "Finn, she's far too powerful."
Princess Bubblegums says: "Here's the plan."
The mental resistance turns each of the Princess Bubblegums turn into Finn as a baby.
Baby Finns says: "I'm a buff baby that can dance like a man."
Baby Finns says: "I can shake-ah my fanny, I can shake-ah my—"
Baby Finns says: "Ahh!"
Baby Finns all melt and form a giant Princess Bubblegum.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Here's the plan."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I'm going to—"
Finn pushes his resistance to the limit as another Finn appears, just as tall as the Princess Bubblegum giantess, and wraps her with the mud and grass from the floor.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Goliad!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "No!"
Goliad stops reading Finn's mind and looks at Bubblegum and a new Sphinx, with Finn's hair color, white fur and a bird head, resembling a griffin without wings.
Goliad runs away but the new Sphinx kicks Goliad onto part of the Castle.
Goliad says: "Wait, brother, why must we fight?"
Goliad says: "Rule with me!"
Stormo squawks in response.
Goliad says: "No, brother!"
Goliad says: "Don't you see?"
Stormo squawks again, interrupting Goliad.
Goliad says: "So be it."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn, are you okay?"
Finn says: "Yeah, that dude saved me."
Princess Bubblegum says: "That's Stormo, Goliad's new brother."
Finn says: "Wha-- What are they doing now?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "They're about to have a psychic showdown."
Stormo and Goliad spawn their third eyes out of their foreheads and begin to fight, Stormo and Goliad pounce on each other but their match is a stalemate.
Jake says: "Wow, man, so, like..."
Jake says: "I guess they're so evenly matched that it's a stale—"
Finn says: "They're so evenly matched that it's a stalemate!"
Princes Bubblegum says: "Yes."
Princes Bubblegum says: "Stormo sacrificed himself to keep Goliad in check for all eternity."
Finn says: "Well, that's pretty cool, but..."
Finn says: "I don't understand."
Finn says: "If Goliad and Stormo are the same, how come Stormo is a good guy?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, that's simple: I used some of your heroic DNA in Stormo's recipe and not Goliad's."
Flashbacks to Bubblegum taking one strand of Finn's hair, then returns back to real time.
Finn says: "Oh, whoa so, that means Stormo is like..."
Finn says: "my son?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Well, yeah..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "in a way."
Finn looks at Stormo.
Finn says: "Happy birthday, Stormo."
The camera zooms at Stormo and he continues keeping Goliad in check and the episode ends.