The episode opens with Princess Bubblegum flying the Morrow over Gumbaldia. Starchy is hanging from the underside of the Morrow with a camera.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Okay, Starchy."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Now!"
Starchy says: "I'm on it!"
Starchy says: "Do I - Do I just pull this lever?"
Starchy says: "I'm on it."
Starchy begins to photograph the city. The photographs show weapons and military parades. Scene changes to a darkroom in the Candy Kingdom, where Princess Bubblegum is developing the photographs.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Excellent."
Princess Bubblegum says: "These photos will help us find out what sort of forces Gumbald has amassed before we mobilize our troops."
Colonel Candy Corn says: "What's that, dear?"
Colonel Candy Corn says: "I'm glad there's going to be another proper war before I kick the bucket."
Colonel Candy Corn says: "Wipe 'em out!"
Princess Bubblegum nods. Suddenly, Finn opens the door to the darkroom.
Finn says: "Hey, Princess."
Princess Bubblegum gasps. The light causes the photograph she's working on to fade.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn, you donked up my recon!"
Finn says: "I've got some important stuff to say."
Finn says: "I don't think going to war with your uncle is a good idea."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I don't have any choice."
Princess Bubblegum says: "By building an army, he's forcing my hand."
Finn says: "It seems to me that all these rhubarbs down through history don't do nobody no good."
Colonel Candy Corn says: "It's gonna happen, son."
Colonel Candy Corn says: "Best thing to do is sharpen your sword and stock up on flower wreaths."
Finn says: "You're dark, Colonel Candy Corn."
Finn follows Colonel Candy Corn out of the darkroom. Jake is waiting on a couch just outside.
Jake says: "How'd it go?"
Finn says: "No good."
Finn says: "PB is on the road to war."
The two of them walk along a corridor together and watch through the windows at the Candy Kingdom making preparations for war. A metal helmet is lowered over the head of one of the Gumball Guardians using a pulley system, overseen by Princess Bubblegum. The guardian taps the helmet and gives a thumbs up.
Finn says: "Jake, it's up to us to fix things with Uncle Gumbald."
Jake says: "Didn't he try to kill you with monsters made out of your own baby teeth?"
They watch two armored banana guards sparring outside.
Banana Guard 1 says: "Take that banana face!"
Banana Guard 2 says: "Uh, take this, you banana face."
Finn says: "Does everyone have to get caught up in this mentality?"
Finn says: "I'm going to march right over to Gumbaldia on a last-ditch diplomatic mission."
Finn says: "Want to come?"
Jake says: "This is cute, right?"
Finn says: "You bet!"
Finn says: "And that's the number one priority for kick-butt diplomacy - the cuteness offensive!"
The scene changes. Finn approaches Gumbaldia with Jake still stretched over his head.
Finn says: "Hey, this is kinda backwards, right?"
Jake says: "How so?"
Finn says: "I used to be all about violence."
Finn says: "Now it's, like, I'm different."
Jake says: "You're a beautiful flower and I love to watch you grow."
Finn hums to himself as he reaches the entrance to the ziggurat at the center of Gumbaldia.
Unknown voice says: "Halt!"
Finn says: "Gumbald?"
Jake stretches out his arms and points Finn's head in the direction of the entrance, and clicks his tongue. The Green Knight emerges from the shadows, menacingly.
Green Knight says: "None shall pass."
Finn says: "Fern."
Finn says: "I don't wanna fight!"
Finn says: "I'm just here to see your boss."
The Green Knight approaches.
Finn says: "Fern, I know we have beef, but let's just talk."
Finn says: "I didn't even know you were alive."
Green Knight says: "Me?!"
Green Knight says: "!"
Finn draws the Night Sword and they begin to duel.
Green Knight says: "Cool sword."
Lolly is seen viewing the fight from a balcony.
Finn says: "Fern, stop!"
The Green Knight draws his axe and Finn backflips out of the way as it comes crashing down, then blocks a follow-up attack.
Green Knight says: "I used to want to be you."
Green Knight says: "Now I'm a better you!"
Green Knight says: "I've proved it."
Green Knight says: "There's nothing you have that I don't."
Jake rams Fern with his shapeshifting powers, sending him flying.
Jake says: "Bark!"
Jake says: "Bark, bark, bark, bark!"
Jake says: "Bark, bark, baraaaah!"
Lolly says: "Boys!"
Lolly says: "Boys!"
Lolly says: "Stop all this roughhousing!"
Fern says: "Yes, Aunt Lolly."
Finn says: ""Aunt Lolly" - she sounds kind of like mom, yeah?"
Fern says: "Hey!"
Fern says: "She was my mom too!"
Finn says: "I know, man."
Finn says: "We're like family."
Finn says: "So why are we fighting?"
Fern looks away and covers his face again with a sigh, before returning into the darkness.
Lolly says: "Sorry about him."
Lolly says: "Now what's a sweet boy like you doing here?"
Finn says: "I'm trying to stop this ridiculous war."
Finn says: "I mean, this whole thing is crazy, right?"
Lolly says: "Between you and me, honey, I don't want war either."
Scene changes. Lolly leads Finn down a corridor.
Lolly says: "Gumbald is becoming so paranoid and erratic."
Lolly says: "All he talks about is baking that wretched, wretched cake."
Lolly says: "Maybe you can talk some sense into him."
Finn says: "Did you say he's baking a cake?"
Lolly opens the door into a room where Chicle is painting a portrait of Gumbald. Gumbald himself is sat on a horse, modelling for the portrait.
Chicle says: "Aah!"
Chicle says: "A breach!"
Chicle says: "But my secret plan is to never die!"
Gumbald says: "So, it begins."
Finn says: "Wait!"
Finn says: "I'm a diplomacy boy today!"
Lolly says: "Gumbald!"
Lolly says: "He's just here to talk."
Gumbald says: "Traitor!"
Lolly says: "I think we can trust him."
Lolly begins whispering indistinctly into Gumbald's ear, glancing back at Finn and Jake. Jake idly messes around with his shapeshifting abilities while they whisper, taking the form of various hats on Finn's head.
Finn says: "Stop."
Gumbald says: "I'll hear your case boy, but I've got a busy day."
Gumbald says: "We'll have to walk and talk."
Gumbald dismounts from the horse. Lolly gives Finn an uncertain thumbs up. The scene changes to Gumbald leading Finn down another corridor.
Finn says: "Look, PB doesn't want to attack you."
Finn says: "You're gum from the same sidewalk."
Finn says: "Like, just look at this bomb secret laboratory over here."
Finn says: "This is exactly the kind of thing PB would have."
Finn says: "But that's exactly what she's saying."
Finn says: "You're both so unreasonable."
Gumbald says: "You want unreasonable?"
Gumbald says: "Get a load of my unreasonably bad boy battle automaton!"
Gumbald says: "Her name is The Cake."
Gumbald says: "My niece would never have the ambition for a project like this."
Gumbald says: "But ambition is my whole deal!"
Gumbald says: "You want a closer look, boy?"
Gumbald says: "I grant it to you."
Finn, Jake, and Gumbald board a platform and it begins to carry them upwards.
Gumbald says: "This magnificent dessert shall make the whole war relatively swift and painless."
Finn says: "So there's truly nothing I can say to change your mind?"
Gumbald says: "Princess Bubblegum has made her bed, and now she must lie in it."
Gumbald says: "But not get back up because she'll be dead."
Finn says: "I was wrong about you."
Finn says: "You're nothing like Bonnie."
Gumbald says: "Wait."
Gumbald says: "She'll have her cake and eat it too - because she'll be dead!"
Gumbald says: "The Cake makes her dead!"
There is a thud and the platform lurches. Finn and Gumbald both cry out.
One of the ropes snaps and Finn and Gumbald are both thrown off the platform, screaming. Jake, who is still on Finn's head, latches onto the platform while Finn falls.
Gumbald says: "No!"
Gumbald says: "No, no, no, no, no!"
Gumbald says: "Aah!"
Finn catches Gumbald, and Jake slowly lowers them both to the ground by Finn's neck.
Finn says: "Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow."
Finn says: "The pain is astonishing."
Gumbald says: "You could have let me die and saved your princess a lot of trouble."
Gumbald says: "Maybe there is a way to co-exist after all."
Finn says: "Hey-o."
Finn says: "That's what I like to hear."
Finn says: "Sorry."
Finn says: "I'm worried if I turn my neck my head might snap off."
All three laugh. The Green Knight is shown perched above the chamber. The scene changes. Finn and Jake are eating a banquet with Gumbald, Lolly, and Chicle. Jake is still on Finn's head. They are all laughing together.
Finn says: "So Jake is literally inside me, controlling my body and I'm standing in front of my girlfriend's entire family."
Gumbald says: "No!"
Finn says: "This is my first ever girlfriend."
Finn says: "I really want her to like me."
Jake says: "So then I made him do a diaper baby dance!"
Everyone except Finn joins the laughter.
Chicle says: "You're as funny as me - the funny one!"
Finn says: "Thanks, Chicle."
Gumbald says: "No need, Finn."
Gumbald says: "Your example has said more than words ever could."
Gumbald says: "Chicle, fetch the celebration bucket."
Gumbald says: "I declare all hostilities between Gumbaldia and the Candy Kingdom ended."
Finn says: "Yeah!"
Jake says: "Whoo-hoo!"
Chicle says: "Celebration bucket!"
Gumbald says: "Be sure to give Bonnie a big hug from me when you tell her."
Finn says: "You guys are goofballs."
Jake says: "Blblblblbl!"
As the liquid is scattered over the room, Gumbald and Lolly stand up suddenly and shield themselves with their cloaks. Chicle doesn't manage to find shelter and is splashed by the liquid.
Lolly says: "Now there's a guy who - who really cares about his hair!"
Finn says: "Oh, cousin Chicle!"
Jake says: "Oh, cousin Chicle!"
Jake says: "Man, I almost thought that was something really serious."
The scene changes back to the Candy Kingdom. It is evening, and Princess Bubblegum is holding a peace treaty while she talks to Finn and Jake.
Princess Bubblegum says: "I don't believe it."
Princess Bubblegum says: "A signed peace treaty?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn, you're amazing."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I could hug you right no-..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Did you stop at a craft store on the way here?"
Finn says: "Oh, the glitter juice."
Finn says: "It's part of a weird Gumbaldia treaty-signing ritual."
Finn says: "Once I got to know him, your uncle was actually pretty cool."
Finn says: "As I get older, I see the most important thing is to empathize with my friends and enemies."
Finn says: "Like, co-exist instead of cutting off people's heads and stuff."
While Finn is talking, Peppermint Butler produces a towel and dries the liquid off Finn and Jake. Some of it gets on him, and in a puff of pink smoke he is transformed into a baby.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Peps?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Gumbald!"
This is seen by the squirrel from a nearby tree, who exits the scene.
Finn says: "Where are you going!"
Finn says: "?"
Princess Bubblegum angrily ascends a nearby tower and begins cranking a siren.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Candy citizens, we are going to war!"
The candy people below begin screaming. In a panic, they begin to arm themselves and file out of the castle.
Colonel Candy Corn says: "Hoopty hoo, hoopty hey!"
Colonel Candy Corn says: "Let's cut 'em up, folks."
Finn and Jake watch the candy people from a balcony.
Finn says: "I donked up."
The scene changes. The squirrel approaches Gumbaldia. The Green Knight guards the entrance.
Green Knight says: "Don't halt."
Green Knight says: "Continue running."
Green Knight says: "I command it."
Inside, Gumbald is addressing a gathering.
Gumbald says: "My thanks to you all for joining me here today."
Gumbald says: "I hope you're enjoying the hors d'oeuvres."
Gumbald says: "It seems that the Princess avoided our attempt at a peaceful resolution."
Gumbald says: "But it was still a good plan..."
Gumbald says: "Aunt Lolly."
A flashback to an earlier part of the episode occurs, when Finn and Gumbald were on the platform.
Gumbald says: "This magnificent dessert shall make the whole war relatively swift and painless."
Lolly is shown lurking above the platform with an axe to cut the rope. The flashback ends.
Lolly says: "Eh, I love to plan."
Crunchy says: "Hey."
Crunchy says: "What's a plan?"
Gumbald says: "Oh, cousin Chicle, you've still got it."
Gumbald says: "Ladies and gentlemen, it's time to unleash plan B."
Gumbald says: "My formidable legion of Candy Kingdom haters."
Gumbald says: "Ricardio, Bandit Princess, Samantha the warrior dog, Peacemaster, Me-Mow, Pete Sassafrass, Ash the Warlock, Sir Slicer, Scorcher, the Green Knight, and finally, the Iced King."
Each character is shown as Gumbald lists them.
Ice King says: "Uh, I think I might be here by mistake."
Ice King says: "What are we doing again?"
Gunter draws a knife.
Gumbald says: "It's Gum War!"
Episode ends.