The short begins with Princess Bubblegum in her cabin.
PB sits in front of petri dish and baking tray. She pulls microscopic nanite out of the petri dish with tweezers.
Princess Bubblegum says: "No more luddite."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I've got nanite."
PB moves nanite over to muffin tin.
Princess Bubblegum says: "I hope muffins aren't easy to make or I'm being an idiot."
[Through the view of the microscope says: "PB places down the nanite."
[Through the view of the microscope says: "The microscope zooms in and blurs, and then refocuses on the nanite."
[Through the view of the microscope says: "PB opens a hatch in the nanite with the tweezers."
[Through the view of the microscope says: "The lens turns, and focuses on a microscopic muffin recipes, which PB then stuffs into the nanite."
[Through the view of the microscope says: "The nanite doubles, then quadruples."
[No longer through the view of the microscope says: "A muffin pop into existence in the muffin tray."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Nanites!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Wait."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hold it."
The muffin tray turns into a pile of muffins.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Stop making muffins!!!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Nanite, stop!"
Most of PB's arm turns into muffins.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Aaaah!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Aaaah!"
The desk turns into a pile of muffins. PB, now outside, watches as her cabin turns into muffins.
A duck flies onto the muffin pile, takes a bite, and then transforms into muffins.
PB takes out her phone, and starts dialing. Ah, c'mon, c'mon. She stretches out her arm stub, starting to reform her arm.
Jake says: "Hello."
Jake says: "What's shakin'?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Jake, it's Bonnie."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Can you dudes get over here?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I need your help with a catastrophe."
Jake says: "Ehh, I dunno."
Jake says: "Finn's got rat germs all through his body."
Finn says: "I'll do it."
Jake, shaped like a stretcher, carries Finn to Bonnie. Finn stumbles up, and groans.
Princess Bubblegum says: "You up to this, champ?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Ok, well, it's pretty complicated."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Firstly, you need to not touch the muffins, especially with your unprotected skin."
Princess Bubblegum says: "And you need to find the alpha nanite and deactivate it before the muffin pestilence grey goos all the way to the edge of the continent."
Finn says: "Yup."
Jake says: "Brave little soldier, up on muffin hill."
Finn stumbles towards the hill, breathing heavily. He lets out a dry cough, and wipes away his snot. He steps on the muffins, and his shoe turns into muffins, followed by his other shoe, then his sock, and finally his other sock.
The camera zooms in on the gas from Finn's cough, and the muffins. We see the microscopic nanites and rat germs, which merge together.
[Camera zooms back out says: "the muffin pile melts down into a brown-green mixture, and then morphs into a giant."
Muffin Giant says: "Beware!"
Muffin Giant says: "Beware!"
Muffin Giant says: "Beware!"
Jake says: "Huh!"
Short ends.