Episode starts in the Breakfast Kingdom. Breakfast Princess is eating breakfast alongside Toast Princess in a bed. Ice King peers at them through a window. He starts laughing.
Ice King says: "Good morning, Breakfast Princesses."
Breakfast Princess says: "Huh?"
Breakfast Princess says: "Oh, hey, Finn."
Breakfast Princess says: "I got another Ice King situation here."
Breakfast Princess says: "Oh, yeah?"
Breakfast Princess says: "That would be great!"
Breakfast Princess says: "Thanks."
Finn and Jake barge through a door in the room.
Finn says: "Ice King?!"
Finn says: "!"
Finn says: "How many times have we warned you about using love potion?"
Ice King says: "That's why I'm using honey."
Jake says: "Man, who cares if it's honey?"
Jake says: "You stink anyways."
Finn says: "Yeah, you stink so much I'm gonna ground you for a week!"
Ice King says: "What?"
Ice King says: "You can't do that!"
Finn says: "You're grounded for two weeks!"
Ice King says: "You're grounded for two weeks!"
Finn says: "Three weeks."
Jake says: "Oh, snaps!"
Ice King says: "Why?"
Ice King says: "I didn't do anything."
Finn says: "Four weeks?"
Ice King says: "Fine."
Ice King says: "But I'm only gonna do it for a week."
Finn says: "That just grounded you for four weeks."
Jake says: "Oh, dang!"
Ice King says: "What's up with the peace sign?"
Jake says: "Oh, nah, I'm just trying to show you how many weeks ya got."
Finn says: "Get outta here, bubble-butt!"
Ice King runs out while screaming. His butt outline is shown through his clothes. Finn and Jake laugh when he's gone.
Jake says: "Awesome."
Scene changes to the Ice Kingdom at night. Ice King is heard screaming. The scene changes to inside Ice King's home.
Ice King says: "This is so unfair!"
Ice King says: "They're the ones who should be grounded."
Ice King says: "Not me!"
Ice King says: "Ooh!"
Ice King says: "[A profile pops up."
Ice King says: "It is the Scorcher's profile."
SCORCHER.
Hitman - Hits people for you.
QUICK. QUIET. RELENTLESS.
Ice King says: "Perfect."
Dear Mr. Scorcher,.
I would like you to hit two people. Neat name by the way. Love, the Ice King. Ice King types out <3 to signify a heart when he says love.
The Scorcher appears behind Ice King right after he sent the email. Ice King screams in surprise.
Ice King says: "Whoa, you are fast."
Scene changes to inside of the Tree Fort. We can see fires raging outside while Finn and Jake are making sandwiches.
Jake says: "Dude, you see my masterpiece coming together, right?"
Finn says: "Mine's whack."
Jake says: "Well, put some meat in there!"
Finn says: "Huh."
Finn says: "What kind of meat is that?"
Jake says: "That's Meat Man's meat."
Finn says: "Do you think it hurts Meat Man when he gives us his meat?"
Jake says: "I don't know."
Jake says: "I can't read his mind."
Jake is about to take a bite of his sandwich, when Ice King breaks through their wall, spitting ice everywhere, freezing Finn and Jake's tree house. Jake's sandwich gets frozen in a block of ice.
Jake says: "No!"
Ice King says: "You guys, I—"
Finn says: "What do you think "grounded" means?!"
Finn says: "!"
Jake says: "It's wasted, man."
Finn says: "Oh, great."
Finn says: "Now see what you did to my buddy?"
Finn says: "So help me, Ice King."
Ice King says: "Okay, okay."
Ice King says: "Goll."
Finn says: "It's alright, buddy."
Finn says: "We can make another."
Scene switches to Ice King flying to his castle.
Ice King says: "Sheesh, this Scorcher guy's got some weird ideas about hitting."
Ice King arrives at his house. The Scorcher hands him a piece of paper.
Ice King says: "Hey, there you are!"
Ice King says: "What's that?"
Ice King says: "I already signed that."
Ice King says: "Hey wha—"
Ice King says: "?"
Scene changes back to the Tree Fort. Finn and Jake are asleep.
Finn says: "Punch, punch, punch!"
Suddenly, the Scorcher appears in the middle of the room. He turns into a black vapor and covers everything in the room. He goes inside Finn's and Jake's bodies through their open mouths.
Scene shows Ice King looking through the window. He gasps and breaks the window open. He blows winds through the room.
Ice King says: "Ice wind!"
Ice King says: "Blow!"
Ice King says: "Blow!"
Ice King says: "Blow!"
Ice King says: "Finn and Jake, I am just a dream."
Ice King says: "I was never here..."
Scene changes back to the Ice King's castle. The Scorcher is waiting for the Ice King there.
Ice King says: "Okay, mister, you are really trying my patience."
Ice King says: "How clear can I be?!"
Ice King says: "!"
Ice King says: "All I want you to do is hit them."
Ice King says: "On the shoulder or something."
Ice King says: "Ah!"
Ice King says: "[A profile for 'Blastronaut' comes up."
BLASTRONAUT.
PLACE ORDER.
Ice King says: "Blastronaut."
Ice King says: "#1 solution for all Hitman problems."
Ice King says: "Sheesh, 99."
Ice King says: "95?"
Ice King says: "That's nuts."
Scene changes back to main entry room, where Scorcher is reading a book off of Ice King's coffee table. A wall suddenly explodes, and Blastronaut bursts in, shooting lasers everywhere.
Scene switches back to Ice King, who is looking at the Blastronaut.
Ice King says: "Sweet!"
The Scorcher is standing still as the Blastronaut's lasers shoot past him, completely missing him. The Scorcher walks up to the Blastronaut and slices his suit in half with fire. A goblin jumps out of the suit. He runs away, shocking Ice King. Ice King runs out from his hiding spot.
Ice King says: "No!"
Ice King says: "Come back, you wussy!"
Scene changes to Ice King flying away.
Ice King says: "Freakin' butt!"
Ice King says: "Butt, butt, butt!"
Scene changes to Tree Fort. Jake is looking out of a window.
Jake says: "Hey, Finn, you awake yet?"
Finn says: "I'm trying."
Jake says: "I had a dream about Meat Man."
Finn says: "Oh, yeah?"
Jake says: "I think I'm gonna stop eating Meat Man."
Finn says: "You're grounded!"
Ice King says: "I know, but shush!"
Finn stares in silence as Jake slurps his coffee.
Ice King says: "Okay, I hired a guy to kill you by accident."
Finn says: "What?!"
Jake says: "What?!"
Finn says: "!"
Jake says: "!"
Ice King says: "I thought he was going to just hit you in the gut and make you spit up your lunch."
Ice King says: "Well, I froze him in ice, but I think he's free now 'cause he's made out of fire."
Ice King says: "Or he commands fire, maybe?"
Jake says: "Good job."
Jake says: "Good job, the Ice King."
The Scorcher breaks into the Tree Fort in a cloud of black vapor.
Finn says: "Oh, my life!"
The Scorcher throws a fire ball at Jake, who ducks it. The fire burns a hole in the wall. Jake throws his coffee in the Scorcher's face.
Jake says: "C'mon, man, let's get outta here!"
Scene switches to outside of the Tree Fort. Jake grows big to run quickly away with Finn on his back, and Ice King flies away. The Scorcher gets up, turns into a black vapor, and follows them.
Finn says: "Jake, do something."
Finn says: "He's getting close!"
Jake stretches out a foot to hit the Scorcher. He misses. The Scorcher squints as he summons a giant fire ball. Jake, in his haste, trips over a tree stump. Finn and Jake fall to the ground and look up to see the fire ball hurtling towards them. They hug each other and don't look. Before the fire ball can reach them, Ice King builds a barrier out of ice to protect himself and them.
Ice King says: "You alive?"
Jake says: "Uh, I think so."
Ice King says: "Whew!"
Ice King says: "That was close."
Suddenly, the ice barrier starts shaking. The Scorcher is shown throwing fire balls at the barrier. Water drips on Jake's head.
Jake says: "Uh, hey, guys?"
Jake says: "I don't think this ice dome is gonna last long."
Finn says: "What do we do?"
Ice King says: "Ooh, got it!"
Ice King says: "I'm gonna kill you guys!"
Jake says: "Hey, I'll kill you!"
Ice King says: "No, wait a minute, you two."
Ice King says: "I won't actually kill you."
Ice King says: "I'm just gonna lower your body temperatures so you seem dead."
Ice King says: "And after we fool that fool outside, I'll warm you up, good as new."
Jake says: "No way, man!"
Jake says: "You already messed up enough stuff."
Jake says: "You're probably gonna kill us, too."
Finn says: "Yeah, we don't trust you!"
Ice King zaps them anyway, encapsulating them in ice chunks.
Ice King says: "You'll thank me later."
Scene switches to outside. Ice King breaks open the dome.
Ice King says: "Dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead!"
Ice King says: "They're dead."
Ice King says: "No pulses."
The Scorcher squints. He melts Finn's ice chunk to feel his pulse on his arm. The Scorcher nods.
Ice King says: "So, uh, looks like, you can go home now."
The Scorcher produces a contract from a fire. Ice King yells until he realizes what it is.
Ice King says: "Oh, yes, of course."
Ice King says: "There."
Ice King says: "[The Scorcher burns the contract and disappears in a black vapor."
Echos of past events.
I await its reflection.
Ice King looks at it and throws it away.
Ice King says: "Oh, glad all that's over."
Episode ends.