The episode opens with Jake still screaming.
Jake says: "..."
Jake says: "AAAAAAAAAaaa  je te plumerai!"
Finn and BMO applaud him.
Finn says: "Huh."
Finn says: "I guess you do know all the words."
Finn says: "Anyway, start the next video, BMO."
Finn says: "We gotta crack the code on the Ice King's evil secret tapes!"
Outside, the Ice King finishes covering the Tree Fort with snow. He grunts angrily.
Finn says: "Brrrr..."
Finn says: "You guys cold?"
Jake says: "Yeah, it's kinda chilly in here."
Finn rewinds the tape. Ice King clears the snow to look through a window. Finn, Jake, and BMO are now wearing sweaters and have the fireplace lit.
Inside, Finn and Jake are watching a tape of Ice King crying. A penguin comes up.
Penguin says: "Wenk."
Ice King says: "Could I have five more minutes, please?"
The penguin walks away; Ice King continues crying. Finn and Jake stare awkwardly at the screen. A screen bug pops up that says, "You're watching AN ADVENTURE TIME CHRISTMAS SPECIAL—ON CN." The video deactivates.
BMO says: "I think I can break the code, Finn."
Finn says: "Really?"
BMO says: "Yes."
BMO says: "I have detected a noticeable pattern in the tears of sadness that fall from the Ice King's eyeballs."
BMO says: "His tears drop at an equal rate until the thirteenth tear, when the right eye drops two tears instead of one."
Finn says: "Whoa..."
Jake says: "This is so fascinating..."
BMO says: "The thirteenth letter of the alphabet is "M."
BMO says: "" If I print the letter "M" every time the Ice King says an "M" word, it looks like this!"
Finn says: "Oh, my Glob, Jake..."
Finn says: "Is this it?"
Finn says: "Could this be the Ice King's evil secret?"
Finn says: "WHAT DOES IT MEAN?!"
Finn says: "!"
Outside, Ice King is pacing back and forth in front of a snowman army.
Ice King says: "Some of you won't survive this."
Ice King says: "You'll melt or split in half or your head will fall off..."
Ice King says: "but that's fine..."
Ice King says: "because you're made of snow."
Ice King says: "Only one thing matters today!"
Ice King says: "Getting into that tree house, getting my tapes back, and beating up Finn and Jake!"
Ice King says: "Oh, that's right."
Ice King says: "You're not alive yet."
Ice King says: "My bad."
He uses his ice magic to put life into the snowmen. The snowmen yell and grunt. Finn, Jake, and BMO notice the noise and run towards the window. When Finn opens the curtains, Ice King right in front of the window.
Ice King says: "Gimme my tapes back."
Finn says: "No, man!"
Finn says: "I know you've got evil secrets on these, and we're gonna find 'em!"
Ice King says: "Snowmen!"
Ice King says: "Attack!"
The snowmen come towards Ice King and attack him.
Finn says: "Crip, Jake!"
Finn says: "We gotta unravel these evil secrets at warp-crazy!"
The trio goes to the bedroom and hides under the bed to watch another tape.
Ice King says: "Good morning."
Ice King says: "You're watching the evening news."
Ice King says: "There's been an unfortunate event."
Ice King says: "Let's go talk to some witnesses."
Ice King says: "Princess, what is your name?"
Wildberry Princess says: "Please!"
Wildberry Princess says: "Let me go home!"
Ice King says: "So, Princess "Please-let-me-go-home," what was it like to experience this tragedy?"
Wildberry Princess says: "What?"
Wildberry Princess says: "I..."
Wildberry Princess says: "I don't..."
Wildberry Princess says: "uh..."
Wildberry Princess says: "um..."
Ice King says: "Yeah, we're on air, honey, so spit it out."
Wildberry Princess says: "I..."
Wildberry Princess says: "I don't know what you're talking about."
Ice King says: "Obviously traumatized and in a state of shock."
Ice King says: "Let's go ask somebody else something."
Ice King says: "Upside-down Princess, do you think things will change politically because of today's events?"
Wildberry Princess says: "You're really frightening me."
Ice King says: "Well, there ya have it, folks."
Ice King says: "People are very upset that Gunther tried to eat Ice King's socks!"
Ice King says: "Very upset!"
Ice King says: "That's why Gunther has to stay in the corner!"
Finn says: "Weird..."
Finn says: "He's sneakin' in through the chimney!"
Ice King busts horizontally though the chimney into the tree house.
Ice King says: "Ah..."
Ice King says: "The element of surprise..."
Ice King says: "Ah, jeez, I'm filthy."
Ice King says: "Come on, come on!"
The snowmen enter the house. Ice King pulls out a locket with pictures of Finn and Jake in it to show the snowmen what they look like. The snowmen scour the house.
Back in the bedroom, Finn and Jake are watching a tape of Ice King singing a cover of Marceline's Fry Song.
Jake says: "Yeeeesh..."
Jake says: ".."
Back in the other room, a snowman opens the refrigerator and motions the other three snowmen to join him. The four snowmen look through the refrigerator. Ice King angrily shoos them away.
In the bedroom, Finn and Jake are watching another tape of Ice King crying. A snowman notices them and knocks the bed over, uncovering the trio.
Ice King says: "Now gimme my evil tapes back!!"
Ice King says: "They're supposed to be buried!!"
Ice King says: "In the ground!!"
Ice King says: "Snow goons!!"
While Finn and Jake fight, BMO goes into hiding.
BMO says: "Oh, no!"
Jake says: "Don't worry, BMO!"
Jake grabs a snowman. Ice King freezes the snowman, trapping Jake. Finn fights another snowman.
BMO says: "Finn!"
BMO says: "There is one more tape!"
Finn says: "Play it!"
Finn says: "His evil secret must be on that tape!!"
Ice King says: "No, BMO, please don't play it."
BMO does anyway. The final video activates. A human man is viewed on the screen.
Simon says: "Hello."
Simon says: "My name is Simon Petrikov."
Simon says: "I am recording this tape so that people will know my story."
Ice King says: "Oh, no!"
Ice King says: "Turn it off, BMO, turn it off!!"
Simon says: "I was studying to be an antiquarian of ancient artifacts."
Simon says: "Now, I never believed in the supernatural stuff myself—"
Simon says: "just had a fascination with superstitions..."
Simon says: "but everything changed when I came into contact with this item..."
Simon says: "."
Simon Petrikov slowly opens a safe and takes out a gem-encrusted crown. Finn and Jake look surprised.
Finn says: "The Ice King!!"
Jake says: "The Ice King!!"
Simon says: "After purchasing this crown from an old dock worker in northern Scandinavia, I brought it home and excitedly showed my fiancée Betty,  looking at me with such contempt."
Simon says: "What had I said?"
Simon says: "What had I done when I wore this crown?"
Simon says: "All I know is I never saw Betty again."
Another recording activates. Simon now has paler hair, blue skin, and stubble on his chin.
Simon says: "Since then, I see the visions always whether or not I wear the crown."
Simon says: "They tell me the secrets..."
Simon says: "the secrets of the ice and snow..."
Simon says: "that the power of the crown will save me with its frost."
Simon says: "I don't yet know what this means."
Simon says: "As you can see, my skin is beginning to turn blue."
Simon says: "My body temperature has been lowering at a supernatural rate, to what is now about 30°C."
Simon says: "I don't know when it will end..."
Simon says: "I'm really scared..."
Another recording activates. Simon now has a white mustache and beard.
Simon says: "I know my mind is changing..."
Simon says: "but I'm already too far gone to know what to do."
Simon says: "I want people to know that..."
Simon says: "if I do things..."
Simon says: "if I do things that hurt anyone, please..."
Simon says: "please forgive me."
Another recording activates. Simon now very closely resembles Ice King.
Simon says: "Just watch over me until I can find a way out of this labyrinth in my brain and regain my sanity!!"
Simon says: "And then maybe Betty, my princess..."
Simon says: "maybe you will love me again."
Simon says: "Please love me again, Betty!!"
Ice King cries.
Jake says: "Drrr-AMA bomb!!"
Ice King says: "Now you know my secret!"
Ice King says: "You know..."
Ice King says: "that I used to wear glasses!"
Ice King says: "Maybe kidnapping Wildberry Princess will cheer me up."
Finn says: "Wait, Ice King."
Finn says: "Here, Ice King."
Ice King says: "What's this?"
Ice King says: "You're giving me..."
Ice King says: "a gift."
Finn says: "No..."
Finn says: "It's..."
Finn says: "well..."
Finn says: "These belong to you."
Ice King says: "But it's not even my birthday!"
Ice King says: "This is so exciting!"
Ice King says: "Video tapes!"
Ice King says: "Heh, you know, I had a bunch of these once, but I threw them away!"
Ice King says: "This is great, Finn!"
Ice King says: "Thank you!"
Jake says: "It's from me, too."
Ice King says: "Oh!"
Ice King says: "I have presents for you guys, too!"
Ice King says: "is for you!"
Jake says: "Uh..."
Jake says: "thanks."
Ice King says: "Oh, isn't this fun?!"
Ice King says: "!"
Ice King says: "We're giving each other presents, we're wearing silly clothes, there's snow everywhere..."
Ice King says: "Let's do this every day!"
Jake says: "Uh..."
Finn says: "How about once a year?"
Ice King says: "Okay, that sounds good."
Later.
Shelby says: "And so it was decided..."
Shelby says: "that once every year when the weather got chilly, that Finn, Jake, the Ice King, BMO, Princess Bubblegum, Marceline the Vampire Queen, Cinnamon Bun, Peppermint Butler, Phil, a candy cane man, one of the gumdrop girls, Lady Rainicorn, Lumpy Space Princess, that guy, the other guy, a pig, Tree Trunks, a two-headed duck, the old crazy Tart Toter, the punch bowl, a booger, and Gunter..."
Shelby says: "would get together while wearing really big sweaters and watch videos on the floor next to a fire..."
Shelby says: "to celebrate the day when Finn and Jake had a fleeting moment of empathy for the biggest weirdo in Ooo."
Shelby says: "It was a miracle."
Shelby says: "Good night."
The story ends.