Episode starts in Tree Fort. BMO is sitting down and drinking tea. Finn is swinging from the ceiling in Jake while he is in an armor form, also known as a Jakesuit. Finn jumps down.
Finn says: "Yup!"
Finn says: "Yeah, totally stuck that landing!"
BMO says: "Yeah!"
BMO says: "Woo woo!"
Finn says: "Man, it's been so long since I've worn the Jakesuit."
Finn says: "I forgot how awesome your bod is, bro."
Finn says: "Stretchy-arm power!"
Finn says: "BMO, throw your plate at me!"
BMO says: "Okay!"
Finn says: "Yeah, BMO, show me the stuff, keep it coming!"
Finn says: "Yeah, BMO, unleash the beast!"
BMO says: "Yah!"
BMO says: "Unleash the beast!"
Finn says: "Come on, BMO, bring it, that's nothing!"
Finn says: "You're weak, BMO!"
BMO takes a broken log and hits Jake's leg with it. Jake starts to grumble as his eyes start to tear up. Suddenly BMO falls over in defeat.
Finn says: "You OK, BMO?"
BMO says: "I am no match for the Jakesuit."
Finn says: "That's right!"
Finn jumps out of the Tree Fort. He swings to the top, while also crushing another part of the tree fort.
Finn says: "Dog, the Jakesuit is mad strong!"
Finn says: "This junk could protect me from anything!"
Jake says: "Uh, sorta."
Jake says: "Wait, bro, what are you doing up here?"
Jake says: "You know I'm not actual armor, right?"
Finn says: "Septuple flip off the tree house!"
Jake says: "Nooo!"
Jake lands directly on top of a fence. Finn pretends the fence is a horse and pretends to ride it.
Finn says: "Ride 'em cowboy!"
Finn says: "Woo!"
Jake spits out Finn and lies, moaning on the ground. BMO runs over and hits Jake with a broken log. The screen goes black for a second.
Scene changes to inside the tree house. Jake is walking cautiously over towards Finn, who is sitting down on a couch, because he has sores on his rear. Jake 'ah's in pain. When he sits on the couch, he sighs.
Jake says: "You were a little rough with the Jakesuit today, bro."
Jake says: "You mashed up my doggy bag pretty hard."
Finn says: "Why didn't you stop me?"
Jake says: "When you're in my body, it pushes out my brain, so I have no control."
Finn says: "C'mon bro, taking pain is easy."
Finn says: "You just have to imagine that every bruise is a hickey from the Universe."
Finn says: "And everyone wants to get with the Universe."
Jake says: "I bet you wouldn't be saying that nonsense if I wore you as a suit."
Finn says: "I bet I would be saying that nonsense."
Jake says: "OK bro, let's see how you like it."
Jake says: "I'll bring the pain!"
Finn says: "Do it bro, get in here!"
Jake gets inside of Finn and stretches himself out to cover Finn's insides.
Jake says: "Haha yes!"
Jake says: "Time to bring the pain!"
Finn's hand flops about, and Jake grunts while trying to punch Finn. He gets Finn to put his hand on his face.
Jake says: "Eh?"
Finn says: "Man, are you kidding?"
Jake grunts and puts Finn's hands on his face. He starts to make Finn poke himself, pull his hat, and lightly flick himself.
Jake says: "You give up?"
Finn says: "You have to like, punch me in the face."
Jake says: "Hmm."
Jake says: "I thought I was."
Jake says: "This is hard."
Jake says: "I can't even make a fist."
Jake says: "How do you control my body so well?"
Finn says: "Dude, I'm graceful."
Finn says: "Mom raised me graceful."
Jake grunts while making Finn's hand into a fist. He raises it and moves it towards Finn's face. Before he can punch Finn, the hand turns into an open palm and merely lightly slaps Finn.
Finn says: "Dude, what the Bjork?"
Jake grunts and walks Finn over to a bookshelf. He makes Finn look for a book with Finn's index finger.
Jake says: "A-ha!"
Jake says: "Here we go!"
Jake says: "Dream Journal of a Boring Man, Volume 12."
Finn says: "Uh, Jake, what are you doing?"
Jake says: "There's all kinds of pain, Finn."
Finn says: "Dude, come on, don't do this."
Jake makes Finn sit down in a chair.
Jake says: "Ah."
Jake says: "Okay, let's see."
Jake says: "Ooh, this one looks good."
Jake says: "And it's not too long, only seven pages!"
Jake says: ""In my dream, I was eating jasmine rice."
Jake says: "But it was also brown rice."
Jake says: "And it was also my mother."
Finn groans.
The next scene only shows pictures taken every couple of seconds of inside and outside the tree fort, and puts them on fast forward to show the passage of time quickly. When it slows down to normal time, Finn is reading about a different dream. Jake is shown snoozing inside of Finn. He suddenly wakes up.
Jake says: "Huh?"
Jake says: "Where am I?"
Jake says: "Oh, yeah."
Jake says: "Hey, Finn, how long have I been out?"
Finn says: "I don't know."
Jake says: "Say what?!"
Jake says: "!"
Jake says: "Why are you still reading?"
Finn says: "It's actually not that bad."
Finn says: "There's a bunch where he knows he's dreaming."
Finn says: "Here, let me read you a little."
Finn says: "It's like he's trying to solve a mystery that doesn't exist!"
Finn says: "You want me to keep going?"
Jake says: "No, I'm hungry."
Finn says: "Yeah, I'm hungry too."
Finn says: "How about a truce while you go make us some lunch?"
Jake says: "Oh, I didn't know we were allowed to call truces."
Jake says: "I'll totally remember that the next time my doggy bag is hurtling towards a fence post."
Finn says: "You know, you could use the opportunity of cooking me food to mess with me."
Jake says: "Wait a sec, you just gave me an idea!"
Finn says: "Yeah?"
Scene changes to later, when the dish is ready. It is served in a dish with a lid on top. Jake makes Finn take the lid and his blindfold off at the same time.
Jake says: "Ta-da!"
Finn says: "Meatloaf?"
Finn says: "That's my favorite dish."
Jake says: "Mmm-mmm."
Finn says: "What did you do to it?"
Jake says: "I assure you, it's delicious."
Finn says: "Okay, well, you're really terrible at this."
Jake says: "Yummy!"
Finn says: "Oh, that's just mean."
Jake says: "Admit you're wrong, and you can have some of this delicious meatloaf!"
Finn says: "Nah, I'm good."
Jake stretches out of Finn and devours the entire meatloaf off the plate. After he is done, a robotic voice is heard saying 'special occasion' repeatedly.
Finn says: "Jake, it's my special occasion phone!"
Finn says: "Someone's calling me to tell me about a special occasion."
Jake says: "So?"
Finn says: "So can you walk me over there?"
Finn says: "I wanna see who it is!"
Finn says: "I'll talk to her later."
Finn says: "I don't want you embarrassing me or, uh, anything."
Finn says: "Jake?"
Scene changes to Flame Princess's house at night. Jake is walking Finn over towards it.
Finn says: "Jake!"
Finn says: "Seriously, don't do this!"
Jake says: "Tell me I win, dude!"
Finn says: "No, absolutely not."
Jake says: "Alright."
Jake says: "Say goodbye to Flame Princess thinking you're cool!"
Jake says: "I'm gonna embarrass the Bjork outta you!"
Flame Princess walks out to greet Finn.
Flame Princess says: "Oh, hey, you came!"
Flame Princess says: "I got worried because you didn't answer special occasion phone."
Flame Princess says: "My relatives are waiting inside."
Finn says: "What?"
Flame Princess says: "Well, that's why I called on special occasion phone."
Flame Princess says: "All my less-evil family members are here for dinner."
Flame Princess says: "Come eat!"
Jake laughs evilly and makes Finn walk awkwardly into Flame Princess's House.
Flame Princess says: "Finn, this is my family."
Jake laughs evilly.
Finn says: "Jake, whatever you're about to do, please don't do it."
Jake makes Finn take his shirt and backpack off and pull his pants down. He walks him over to the table. He takes the aluminum foil tablecloth and shoves it in Finn's underpants. Jake mimmicks Finn and sings Puncha yo Buns, while making Finn dance. When he gets to the line 'Punch all your buns, I can punch all your buns!', he grabs the turkey from the table and starts punching it. He then throws it down.
Older brother says: "What are you doing in front of my family?!"
Older brother says: "!"
Flame Princess says: "Hold on, bro."
Flame Princess says: "Perhaps it is a non-flameish custom unknown to us."
Jake says: "Nope!"
Jake says: "Just doin' the kind of stuff I do all the time!"
Older brother says: "This is a nightmare come true for me, sister."
Flame Princess walks Finn out of her house. Jake continually says 'tough tootin' baby' as they walk out.
Flame Princess says: "What are you doing?!"
Flame Princess says: "!"
Jake says: "Don't you wanna see more?"
Flame Princess says: "Oh, my Bjork!"
Flame Princess says: "No!"
Flame Princess says: "I don't want to see more!"
Flame Princess says: "Wait, what's that in your mouth?"
Flame Princess says: "Jake?"
Jake says: "Oops!"
Jake says: "Busted."
Flame Princess says: "Are you controlling Finn?"
Jake says: "Yeah, I'm causing Finn pain."
Jake says: "We have a bet going on."
Flame Princess says: "And you made him dance like a baby, semi-nude, in front of my family?"
Flame Princess says: "Wow, that's pretty hardcore."
Jake says: "What?"
Flame Princess says: "Good luck, Finn."
Flame Princess says: "Hope you win!"
Finn says: "I will!"
Jake says: "Hmm!"
Scene changes to Lady Rainicorn's house. She is washing dishes while Finn walks in. She gasps when she suddenly sees Finn. Finn barges in the door.
Lady Rainicorn says: "Finn!"
Lady Rainicorn says: "Oh, of all days!"
Lady Rainicorn says: "Where are you going?"
Lady Rainicorn says: "Jake, where are you?"
Jake streches out of Finn's mouth.
Jake says: "I'm right here."
Lady Rainicorn says: "Oh!"
T.V. walks by.
T.V. says: "'Sup?"
Jake, Lady Rainicorn, and Finn look at T.V.
Jake says: "What's T."
Jake says: "V."
Jake says: "doing here?"
Jake says: "I thought all the kids found apartments."
Lady Rainicorn says: "No matter what, I think he's stay-at-home."
While Lady Rainicorn is talking, T.V. sits by the computer and starts typing.
Jake says: "Ha-ha!"
Jake says: "That's my boy."
Jake says: "Momma's basement baby."
Lady Rainicorn says: "Jake, what are you doing?"
Lady Rainicorn says: "Please tell me."
Jake says: "Oh, it's this bet we're doing."
Jake says: "It's not really a bet."
Jake says: "It's more like a showdown."
Jake says: "I'm trying to get him to admit that it's hard when someone wears you as a suit."
Jake says: "How do I win the bet, Lady?"
T.V. says: "Hey, Dad?"
T.V. says: "Why don't you try jumping in a volcano?"
Scene changes to a volcano. Jake walks Finn over while laughing evilly.
Jake says: "Yes!"
Finn says: "So, what are we doing, bro?"
Jake says: "The Universe is going to have a full-on make-out session with you, bro."
Jake says: "I'm talkin' minimum tier 8."
Jake says: "Behold!"
Smoke clears to show a pack of Fire Wolves.
Finn says: "Fire Wolves?"
Finn says: "That's your plan?"
Finn says: "Please."
Jake says: "Oh no, bro, that's just fortuitous circumstance!"
Jake says: "Allow me to take advantage!"
Jake says: "here, pup pups!"
Jake says: "Want some kibble?"
Jake says: "Want steak flavor?"
Jake says: "Steaky-steaks?"
Wolves start to whine and walk up to Finn, eating the kibble and licking his face.
Jake says: "How you like it, bro?"
Jake says: "Pretty painful, huh?"
Finn says: "Eh, whatev."
Jake stretches Finn to the top of the volcano.
Finn says: "Hmm."
Finn says: "Looks hot."
Jake says: "Oh yeah, bro!"
Jake says: "The pain-train has arrived at the station!"
Jake says: "Choo-choo!"
Finn says: "I'm ready, bro!"
Finn says: "Bring it!"
Finn says: "You're nothin', lava!"
Finn says: "You're a bum!"
Finn says: "I can handle you!"
Jake says: "Look, just say stop, and you won't get burned."
Finn says: "Never!"
Jake says: "Okay, bro."
Jake says: "This'll pretty much wreck up your whole life, so think about it."
Finn says: "Bring it!"
Finn says: "Yeah, baby, feels good, love it, lovin' that heat on my skull!"
Jake says: "Okay..."
Jake says: "I'm gonna lower you some more..."
Jake says: "probably gonna cook up your brain."
Finn says: "Oh, yeah, give it to me!"
Jake lowers the tips of Finn's hat into the lava.
Jake says: "Dang, he's flippin' crazy!"
Jake says: "This isn't gonna do anything, he's never gonna give up!"
Finn grunts from the heat. Jake screams and stretches them out of the volcano. They land, and Finn coughs Jake out of him.
Finn says: "What happened?"
Finn says: "You robbed me of the win!"
Jake says: "You're right, man."
Jake says: "My bruises are hickeys from the Universe."
Jake says: "And I should just accept that."
Finn says: "Yeah boy!"
Finn says: "In yo' face!"
Jake says: "Yeah, in my face."
Finn enters Jake through his face and Jake turns into the Jakesuit. Finn runs them inside the volcano while they both scream. The screen fades to black.
Scene changes to inside of the Candy Kingdom Hospital. Finn and Jake are lying down on beds, with casts all over their bodies.
Jake says: "Dangit, Finn."
Finn laughs.
A door opens and Head Clown Nurse and Big Clown Nurse walk in. Head Clown Nurse hums "Entry of the Gladiators.".
Big Clown Nurse says: "Who's ready for rehabilitation?"
Head Clown Nurse says: "We'll start with full-body immersion therapy."
Finn says: "No!"
Jake says: "Yes!"
Episode ends.