The episode opens at Joshua and Margaret's old office, picking up where The First Investigation ended. Finn and Clock Bear are stood outside, and Finn is on the phone.
Finn says: "Hey, Kim Kil Whan."
Finn says: "We solved the mystery of the haunted office."
Finn says: "It was Clockbear the whole time..."
Finn says: "Yeah, uh, Jake's around here somewhere."
Jake is in the alleyway around the back of the house.
Jake says: "Man, it's crazy to think I was born here."
Jake says: "In this alley."
Jake says: "Popped right out of my dad's head for some reason."
Jake says: "Yaah!"
Jake says: "You scared me there, what with the appearing out of thin air and staring at me all creepy and now you're just reaching towards me."
Warren Ampersand touches Jake's shoulder. Jake turns blue.
Jake says: "Son?"
Jake says: "I ain't nobody's son but Joshua and Margaret!"
Jake says: "Though it is weird that you got exactly the same stretchy power as me."
Warren Ampersand says: "right now!"
Jake says: "Wait, can Finn come with us?"
Jake says: "We're kind of a package deal."
Warren Ampersand says: "Oh, that's kind of a bad idea."
Warren Ampersand says: "Our home world's atmosphere is, uh, poisonous to his kind."
Jake says: "Well then I'd better write him a note."
Warren Ampersand says: "Destiny calls!"
Jake says: "Whoa!"
Warren grabs Jake and pulls him through the portal. Jake drops the note onto the ground, leaving it behind as the portal closes.
Finn says: "Jake?"
The scene changes. Jake and Warren are flying through the portal together.
Jake says: "Who are you, anyway?"
Warren Ampersand says: "My name is Warren Ampersand."
Warren Ampersand says: "I'm your alien bio-dad!"
Warren Ampersand says: "Heh-heh."
Jake says: "Why do you keep laughing?"
Warren Ampersand says: "I'm nervous."
Jake and Warren emerge out the other end of the portal onto Nerraw.
Warren Ampersand says: "Welcome to your home planet - Nerraw."
Jake says: "Great fantasy sci-fi vibe, man."
Jake says: "And that black hole really adds an extra dimension to the place."
Warren Ampersand says: "Years ago, I left this beautiful planet and traveled to Ooo to implant my destiny-rich, stretchy DNA into a compatible host."
Jake says: "That explains a lot, actually."
Warren Ampersand says: "But now I'm dying."
Jake says: "What?"
Warren Ampersand says: "I used the last of my strength  to bring you home."
The scene changes. Jake and Warren are walking through the "city" on Nerraw.
Alien says: "He's here!"
Jake says: "Huh?"
Aliens says: "Is that Jake?"
Aliens says: "It's really him!"
Aliens says: "Did you see him?"
Aliens says: "Look over there."
Aliens says: "Look."
Aliens says: "That's Jake!"
Jake says: "Warren, how does everyone know me?"
Warren Ampersand says: "Because you're the most important person to have ever lived."
Warren Ampersand says: "Behold!"
Warren Ampersand says: "The Jakeseum!"
They enter the museum.
Jake says: "A museum?"
Jake says: "All about me?!"
Jake says: "!"
Aliens says: "It's Jake!"
Aliens says: "Jake!"
Aliens says: "Jake!"
Aliens says: "It's Jake!"
Alien 1 says: "Will you sign my prophecy book?"
Alien 2 says: "Will you sign my pretzel?"
Jake says: "This is wild."
Jake says: "But it feels so right, you know?"
Jake says: "No."
Jake says: "I don't remember this one."
Warren Ampersand says: "That's an artist's interpretation of the great prophecy."
Warren Ampersand says: "Tomorrow, you are prophesied to battle Ixcano, a monster with tentacles stretching across the galaxy to strangle everything."
Warren Ampersand says: "You alone can banish him to the darkness."
The scene changes. Warren and Jake are walking outside again.
Warren Ampersand says: "I've researched your world and created the ideal child room."
Warren Ampersand says: "See?"
Warren Ampersand says: "Space stuff, dinosaurs, and cowboys."
Jake says: "Cool."
Jake says: "But you know it's a little late to try connecting with me, right?"
Jake gasps, unwraps the present, and gasps again. It's a belt inscribed with the words "Galaxy Saviour".
Warren Ampersand says: "What do you think of your old dad's present?"
Jake says: "I love it!"
Jake says: "Still never gonna call you dad, though."
Warren Ampersand says: "Oh, I wouldn't dream of asking."
Warren Ampersand says: "But I hope you don't mind if I still wear this."
Scene changes. Warren and Jake are walking through a cheering crowd of aliens towards a door, wearing their belts. Jake blows kisses at the crowd.
Aliens says: "Good luck, Jake!"
Aliens says: "Savior us!"
Warren Ampersand says: "This is the Sacred Temple of Pannishment."
Warren Ampersand says: "The temple door can only be unlocked by a stretchy dog."
Jake says: "With key ha-a-a-a-a..."
Jake says: "Uh..."
Warren Ampersand says: "Beyond this door, there lies an ancient, awesome weapon called the Panzark."
Jake says: "I am so ready for this."
Jake says: "This must be why I can stretch."
Warren Ampersand says: "Yeah, that totally tracks."
Jake says: "Hup!"
Jake enters the complicated series of tubes on the front of the door, laughing and grunting as he fills them with his body. The belts begin to glow.
Jake says: "This is so complicated and rewarding."
Warren Ampersand says: "You're doing great, son!"
Jake says: "Almost there."
Aliens says: "Jake!"
Aliens says: "Jake!"
Aliens says: "Jake!"
Aliens says: "Jake!"
Aliens says: "Jake!"
Aliens says: "Jake!"
Aliens says: "Jake!"
Aliens says: "Jake!"
Jake sighs with relief as he reaches the top of the door. The door creaks and swings open. The crowd cheers, and Jake laughs weakly.
Warren Ampersand says: "The Panzark!"
Jake says: "Yay!"
Scene changes to night. Jake is lying in the bedroom. He looks decrepit and old.
Jake flops onto the floor and slithers like a pancake towards a curtained doorway that reads "private".
Jake says: ""Pri-tzels"!"
Jake says: "Oh."
Jake says: ""Pri-vate"."
Warren Ampersand says: "Oh wait, it's just me!"
Warren Ampersand says: "I didn't recognize this smooth, young skin or these vigorous kneecaps."
Jake withdraws from the room quietly, a little creeped out. The scene changes to daytime. Jake is snoring in his bed, and is suddenly awoken by Warren energetically placing a lap tray on top of him.
Jake says: "Oof!"
Warren Ampersand says: "It's another clown cake, with a side of cocktail hot dogs."
Jake says: "Dude, weren't you, like, dying?"
Warren Ampersand says: "Ixcano approacheth!"
There is a rumbling and growling as tentacles appear on the horizon. There is screaming as they begin to grab aliens.
Jake says: "Oh, dang."
Warren Ampersand says: "I'll go grab the Panzark."
Warren smashes out the side of the building with great energy, carrying Jake and the Panzark. He places them both down.
Warren Ampersand says: "You just gotta stretch through the convolutions of the Panzark to activate its kill beam."
Jake says: "More stretching, huh?"
Jake says: "Here comes the hero."
Warren Ampersand says: "Stretch, baby!"
Warren Ampersand says: "Stretch!"
Jake continues to stretch through the tubes of the Panzark. His belt glows brightly. The Panzark lights up and fires a beam at Ixcano. The aliens cheer.
Warren Ampersand says: "You're doing it, son!"
Jake says: "Ugh."
Jake says: "This is too much."
More lasers are fired at Ixcano as Jake struggles through the tubes. He tires out and the tube he's in shatters. The Panzark deactivates.
Warren Ampersand says: "Jake!"
Aliens says: "Jake!"
Aliens says: "Jake!"
The aliens suddenly stop cheering and recede into the ground. Ixcano disappears back over the horizon. The Panzark also collapses and recedes into the ground. Jake is left withered and aged, lying on the ground.
Jake says: "What's going on?"
Jake says: "Where's that Ixcano jerk?"
Warren Ampersand says: "I have a confession."
Warren Ampersand says: "There is no Ixcano."
Warren Ampersand says: "I made it all up."
Jake says: "So..."
Jake says: "you're not really dying?"
Warren Ampersand says: "No, I was dying."
Warren Ampersand says: "I needed to siphon your precious stretchy essence to keep me young and virile."
Warren Ampersand says: "I use these belts as a conduit."
Warren Ampersand says: "The more you stretch, the stronger I grow!"
Warren Ampersand says: "I've done it hundreds of times, to hundreds of sons."
Warren Ampersand says: "But I never felt guilty before."
Warren Ampersand says: "Maybe it's because you're so much cooler than my other kids."
Jake says: "Well, I am cool."
Warren Ampersand says: "Or maybe it's this feeling your kind calls..."
Warren Ampersand says: "low-key affection?"
Warren Ampersand says: "I- I low-key affection you, son."
Jake says: "I'm sorry, Dad."
Warren Ampersand says: "What?"
Warren Ampersand says: "No."
Warren Ampersand says: "It was just me stretching the whole time."
Warren Ampersand says: "The Panzark."
Warren Ampersand says: "The people."
Jake says: "You're just saying that to make me feel better."
Warren Ampersand says: "I'll prove it."
Warren Ampersand says: ""I'm no Warren Ampersand, but I guess I raised you."
Jake says: "Do more!"
Warren Ampersand says: "Here's a bunch of party bears!"
Jake says: "Make more party bears!"
Jake says: "And make the tree house!"
Jake says: "Put party bears on the tree house!"
Jake says: "Put party bears in the sky!"
Warren Ampersand says: "Okay."
Warren fulfils each of Jake's requests as he lists them. He begins to noticeably age, while Jake is slowly restored.
Jake says: "Keep stretching, you old phoney."
Jake says: "It only makes me stronger!"
Warren Ampersand says: "Belt switch!"
Warren Ampersand says: "But how?!"
Warren Ampersand says: "!"
Jake says: "Old-fashioned grifting, ya rube!"
In a flashback, Jake is shown switching the belts while Warren was distracted by his crying. The flashback ends.
Jake says: "My real dad taught me that trick."
Warren Ampersand says: "But I was a proud pop!"
Jake says: "I'm the proud pop of a whole bunch of pups."
Jake says: "The belt totally applies to me as well."
Jake says: "See?"
Warren Ampersand says: "Five stretchy pups."
Jake says: "Whuh-oh."
Warren Ampersand says: "You saved me after all!"
Warren Ampersand says: "Out of juice."
Warren Ampersand says: "I need those pups!"
Jake says: "Don't even think about it!"
Warren boards a tiny rocket ship. The whole of Nerraw is sucked up into the ship, leaving behind only a barren asteroid, the clown cake, and some cocktail sausages.
Warren Ampersand says: "Can't wait to meet my grandkids and drain their essence."
Jake says: "Aw, nah!"
Warren Ampersand says: "If you destroy me, you'll be stuck on that rock forever!"
Jake says: "My pups are worth it!"
Warren Ampersand says: "Not the singularity!"
Warren Ampersand says: "I just wanted to live forever!"
Jake says: "Bye, Warren Ampersand."
Jake says: "Thanks for reminding me what it means to be a good dad  by being the worst dad ever."
Jake says: "Never even got a pretzel."
Episode ends.