Dawn breaks at the Tree Fort. Finn and BMO exit the front door, and BMO hands Finn an apple, which Finn puts in his pack. He pats BMO's head. BMO goes back inside, while Finn embarks on his journey. In a forest, he pauses for a moment while checking a map. After traveling awhile, Finn stops to eat the apple. When he finishes, he attempts to throw the core into a hollow stump but misses. He stands up, cracks his back, picks up his pack, and continues on his way until he comes to a run-down shack made of bricks. One of the bricks is Jake.
Finn says: "Hey, man."
Jake says: "Oh, hey, Finn!"
Finn says: "Yeah."
Finn says: "So..."
Finn says: "how's your experiment going?"
Jake says: "Ah, it's goin' great."
Finn says: "So..."
Finn says: "are you ready to come home?"
Jake says: "Nah, I think I was just gonna keep being a brick for a while."
Finn says: "Umm..."
Finn says: "what are you doing again?"
Jake says: "Finn, ever since I was little, I wanted to see what it's like to be a brick in a brick shack when the brick shack falls down."
Jake says: "And this shack is gonna fall down."
Jake says: "Just look at it."
Jake says: "Like sandcastles in the sun, baby."
Jake says: "You're too young; you wouldn't understand."
Finn says: "You're right."
Finn says: "I don't understand."
Finn says: "But I'm cool with your mystical journey or whatever."
Finn says: "I'm gonna leave this walkie-talkie so we can stay in touch."
Finn says: "Just in case."
Jake says: "What?"
Jake says: "No, man, bricks don't stay in touch!"
Finn says: "Dude, BMO is, like, really worried about you."
Jake says: "Aww."
Jake says: "You tell that little goofball I said hi."
Finn says: "I will."
Finn says: "Well, I guess I should head back."
Jake says: "Oh."
Jake says: "Really?"
Jake says: "So soon?"
Finn says: "Yeah, well, it took me, like, half a day to get here."
Finn says: "Besides, you're just a brick, right?"
Jake says: "Yeah."
Finn says: "Alright, see ya, Jake!"
Jake says: "Bye!"
Jake says: "Okay, back to being a brick."
Jake says: "I'm so bored."
Finn heads back the way he came. The sun sets.
Jake says: "Ooh, I'm starting to get a little tippy in my teacups."
A nearby bush rustles, and out hops a rabbit.
Jake says: "A bunny!"
The rabbit hops over to a plant and starts digging it out.
Jake says: "Looks like our long-eared friend is on to something."
Jake says: "Bunnies love to dig."
Jake says: "He's making a supreme effort, and I think I can guess why."
The bunny digs the plant out enough to reveal it is a carrot.
Jake says: "That's right."
Jake says: "A carrot, grown out here free and wild, probably the result of a seed pooped out by a passing bird."
The rabbit's attention is diverted by rustling in a bush.
Jake says: "But what's this?"
Jake says: "A mysterious rustling in the bush."
Jake says: "Could mean trouble."
Jake says: "Mr."
Jake says: "Bunny seems to think so."
Jake says: "His sensitive whiskers quiver at the hint of imminent danger."
The screen splits to show BMO bringing Finn a bowl of popcorn. They sit on the couch and listen to Jake's commentary through the walkie-talkie.
Jake says: "Unfortunately for Mr."
Jake says: "Bunny, this is what nature is all about."
Jake says: "It's a male deer."
Jake says: "Not a threat to Mr."
Jake says: "Bunny in the predatory sense, but still above him in the food chain."
Jake says: "Mr."
Jake says: "Bunny, wishing to avoid an encounter, hops away to safety."
The deer eats the carrot.
Jake says: "Wow, deers are jerks."
Finn says: "Hey, man."
Finn says: "You know I can hear everything you say, right?"
Jake says: "What?!"
Jake says: "!"
Jake says: "Arrrrrgh!"
Jake says: "No!"
Jake says: "I had no idea."
Finn says: "Yeah, but you saw me leave the walkie-talkie, and I left it on."
Finn says: "You know that, right?"
BMO says: "Hi, Jake!"
Jake says: "Hi, BMO."
Finn says: "Need anything?"
Finn says: "A soda?"
Jake says: "No."
Finn says: "So what's Mr."
Finn says: "Bunny doing now?"
Jake says: "It's not about the bunny!"
Jake says: "The bunny is incidental to the brick experiment."
Finn says: "Oh."
Finn says: "Sorry, man."
Jake says: "Forget about the bunny."
Finn says: "Sorry, man."
BMO says: "Sorry, Jake."
Finn says: "Look, we'll, uh, we'll leave you alone."
The screen returns to showing only Jake's side.
Jake says: "Finn?"
Jake says: "Are you still there?"
Jake says: "Finn?"
Jake says: "BMO?"
The rabbit drops what remains of the carrot and returns to its home in the roots of a tree.
Jake says: "Mr."
Jake says: "Bunny retreats to its warren."
Jake says: "Its homemade comfort is some consolation to help pass the hungry night."
Jake says: "Twilight falls on the peaceful forest, a twilight unaware of the struggles it both soothes and conceals."
Jake says: "The crickets begin to stir, rehearsing their musical rhapsodies."
Jake says: "In the distance, flashes of heat lightning illuminate a purple summer sky."
Jake says: "Even angry deer, at last, must come to rest."
Jake says: "And so it is with our erstwhile antagonist, who has disappeared into a stand of trees, perhaps to dream of tomorrow's pointless battles."
Jake yawns and closes his eyes. He is awoken by a raging thunderstorm.
Jake says: "Oh, my Gob, it's a crazy storm!"
Jake says: "This might be it!"
Jake says: "This weather might knock the whole thing down!"
The screen splits again, showing Finn with Starchie, who is broadcasting Jake's voice.
Jake says: "If a definition of bravery exists, then this must be it."
Jake says: "A lone bunny, facing off against the elements, ineffectually pushing around some twigs with his pink bunny nose, a symbolic gesture, perhaps, but sometimes that's all we have."
Jake says: "The wind is beginning to pick up."
Jake says: "It's becoming clear that Mother Nature has not just knocked on the door, she has come in, sat down, and poured herself a drink."
Jake says: "Mr."
Jake says: "Bunny has no friends, no family, no loved ones of any kind."
Jake says: "The wind is really picking up now."
Jake says: "Small puddles gathering around the entrance to Mr."
Jake says: "Bunny's cozy home are beginning to grow in size and connect with one another."
Jake says: "It won't be long now."
Jake says: "But what's this?!"
Jake says: "!"
Jake says: "Looks like this unflagging little hero of a bunny will have some help, though!"
Jake says: "A family of friendly beavers appears to have taken up the cause."
The rabbit leaves its home, and two beavers shield it from the rain with their tails. Finn writes "Boost frequency?" on a piece of paper and shows it to Starchie, who gives him a thumbs up. Finn crumbles up the paper and throws it toward the wastebasket, missing again. Starchie brings over three more microphones and positions them above the walkie-talkie.
Jake says: "Often called nature's architects, these intrepid mammals are sparing no effort to shore up the endangered burrow."
Jake says: "Here's an unusual sight."
Jake says: "It's a Sea Lard!"
Jake says: "You'd expect to see a few mudscamps out in weather like this, but here we have a rare treat indeed."
Jake says: "This little beauty is pretty far outside of her natural habitat, but I've heard it said by wise old salts schooled in ancient maritime lore that storms will sometimes blow them off course to a remarkable degree."
Jake says: "Looks like we've got some pretty good evidence tonight."
Jake says: "Yes, sir, sometimes those old sailors know what they're talking about."
Jake says: "It's a triumph of experience versus the secondhand verities of musty academic tomes."
Jake says: "This feisty Sea Lard is pitchin' right in to save the rabbit hole, belying its slothful reputation."
Jake says: "She uses her prodigious swiveling behind to increase the size of the hole, while the beavers continue to reinforce the sides with straw and stick."
Jake says: "Times like these, supposed cruelty and indifference of the natural world, all too often its most salient feature, pale before the nobler instincts of even our most humble kin."
Finn and Starchie fall asleep. At dawn, Jake continues his commentary with bags under his eyes.
Jake says: "In the morning light, few signs remain of the summer storm that battered this idyllic glen."
Jake says: "The beavers are finished with their work and are heading home."
Jake says: "The Sea Lard looks like she's gonna wander the woods for a while."
Jake says: "Maybe she'll find her way back to the ocean and write a novel about her experiences."
Jake says: "Mr."
Jake says: "Bunny is exhausted but can rest easy knowing that his home is secure."
Jake says: "But alas, the bunny's rest is short-lived."
Jake says: "The deer is back."
Finn and Starchie perk up.
Jake says: "The deer, perhaps confused by the antler-like appearance of Mr."
Jake says: "Bunny's protective dam, is now testing the situation."
The deer pushes some twigs with its antlers.
Jake says: "The bunny is unsure of where this is going."
The deer suddenly stomps on the dam. The rabbit flees.
Jake says: "And with a single smash from the deer's powerful front hooves, the bunny's home is under attack!"
Jake says: "Mr."
Jake says: "Bunny has hopped to safety and can only watch as the deer continues its relentless rampage on the only home he knows."
Jake says: "A couple more mighty smashes, and the dam—"
Jake says: "the dam has been breached!"
Jake says: "Water is now flooding in!"
Jake says: "The deer continues its attack!"
Jake says: "This deer's misplaced rage, combined with its size and weight, is more than enough to bring down the weakened walls, which are now starting to give, aided by the unforgiving weigh from the tree above."
Jake says: "Even Mr."
Jake says: "Deer, in his blind fury, seems to sense what's about to happen as he steps to one side!"
A huge crash is heard through the radio.
Jake says: "It's over."
Jake says: "The warren has been destroyed."
Starchie offers Finn a tissue.
Jake says: "An injustice of astronomical levels."
Jake says: "Words fail me."
The rabbit returns to the fallen tree.
Jake says: "Actually, he doesn't seem that upset."
The rabbit enters a hole in the hollow trunk.
Jake says: "He's on his feet, checking out his new surroundings—"
Jake says: "even the deer is impressed!"
Jake says: "As if confused by the events, he performs a comical double-take and retreats into the forest."
Jake says: "Ladies and gentlemen, this bunny is indomitable!"
Everyone listening celebrates.
Jake says: "Teach me, Mr."
Jake says: "B!"
The shack collapses.
Jake says: "Aw."
Finn says: "Jake?"
Finn says: "Jake?"
Finn says: "You there, buddy?"
Finn says: "Over."
Jake says: "Hey, Finn."
Finn says: "Hey, man."
Finn says: "You ready to come home?"
Jake says: "That sounds good."
Finn says: "Awesome."
Finn says: "See you soon."
Finn says: "Yus!"
Episode ends.