Episode opens with BMO walking out of the Tree Fort door and singing a song, an egg is in a cup taped to its chest. As it dances in the large grass area it lifts up the eggs during the climax of the song. Suddenly, a butterfly swoops in and knocks the egg out of its hands. The egg smashes on the ground and BMO gasps and starts crying.
Upon hearing this Finn and Jake run up to see what has happened.
Finn says: "Whoa whoa whoa."
Jake says: "BMO, what's wrong?"
Jake says: "I think he broke his egg."
Finn says: "Hey, it's okay BMO."
Finn says: "Look, Jake and I will make you a funny face."
Jake says: "Hey, BMO, this will cheer ya up!"
After a few seconds of this, Jake releases Finn and Finn breathes grasps for air.
Jake says: "Well, I'm outta ideas."
Jake says: "What?"
Whinnying is heard and a horse balancing on a beach ball arrives. They all stand up to watch him.
James Baxter says: "James Baxter!"
James Baxter says: "James..."
James Baxter says: "Baxter!"
Jake says: "Oh, man, James Baxter is so good, man."
Jake says: "He always knows just what to say to cheer a guy up!"
Finn says: "Yeah, man."
Scene shifts to BMO and James Baxter, BMO is clapping and running after the horse as it continues to balance on the ball and say its name.
Jake says: "So good!"
Finn says: "Man, we should do it to!"
Finn says: "Do his thing and spread the good will!"
Jake says: "Yeah, man, I wanna be like James Baxter, always rollin' in on a beach ball, saying his name in a horse voice, making people smile."
Jake says: "Let's do it!"
Finn says: "Yeah!"
The scene is a funeral, four persons stand solemnly. Upon hearing noises they look up and turn towards Finn and Jake, who are in the bushes saying their names in a horse-like voices.
Finn says: "Finn the Human!"
Jake says: "Jake!"
Finn says: "Finn!"
Jake says: "Jake!"
The attendees are shocked and can only look at the two with mouths agape.
Jake says: "Sheesh, tough crowd."
Finn says: "I think we should find an easier person to cheer up."
Finn says: "It was a mistake to visit a funeral."
Finn and Jake jump out of the bushes and run down a hill, away from the proceedings. As the attendees watch they quickly turn back around to see the coffin shake around.
The next scene is the neighborhood area of the Candy Kingdom. A green Lollipop Girl is humming a tune and holding an ice cream cone, but the ice cream drops from the cone and she begins to cry. Finn and Jake arrive once again saying their names in horse-like voice, only this time jumping up and down. The girl sees them and stops crying but is shocked at their behavior and becomes scared to a point that she loudly screams and runs away from them.
Green Lollipop Girl says: "Eh, what do you want?!"
Green Lollipop Girl says: "!"
Green Lollipop Girl says: "Please, I'm just a very sad girl!"
Proceeding scene, Finn and Jake are sitting on a hill, Finn sighs. They are looking down the hill to see James Baxter surrounded by Candy Kid as they cheer and laugh at his performance.
Finn says: "That is so perfect!"
Jake says: "Yeah, man, so unique!"
James Baxter says: "James Baxter!"
James Baxter says: "James Baxter!"
Finn says: "Man, what's he doing that we're not?"
Finn says: "We just gotta figure that out."
Jake says: "No, it's like, he's shredding on a guitar and learning how to shred isn't just copying the exact notes as someone else's solo."
Jake says: "You need to learn how to do your own solo."
Back at the Tree Fort, noises are heard. Inside Jake and Finn are making noises, contorting themselves and dancing around. BMO watches them.
BMO says: "Why am I recording?"
Finn says: "You're documenting our creative flow in case we make a breakthrough."
Jake says: "Dude, I think we do got something."
Finn says: "Let's check the video."
The three are in the bathroom climbing into the tub with BMO.
BMO says: "Bathtub, Bathtub!"
With clipboards in hand, Finn and Jake sit down to face BMO.
Jake says: "Alright, BMO, play the video."
BMO says: "Who's gonna scrub me?"
Jake says: "I'll scrub,  you take notes."
Finn says: "Yeah, right there, speed it up."
Finn says: "Slow it down."
BMO says: "Yeah, that sounds makes me feel happy!"
Finn says: "Good, good, happy is what we want."
Finn says: "Yeah, it's good,  but if we want to be "James Baxter" good, we gotta to go deeper."
The scene shifts to a wooded area. Then shows BMO, Jake, and Finn with clipboard, walking in a clearing, they continue till they are seen walking up a tall hill with white trees, by then the sun is setting. They continue till they are inside the entrance way.
Jake says: "The Institute of So Und."
Finn says: "Hey, hey man!"
Receptor says: "I receive you."
Receptor says: "Welcome to the Sound Institute of So Und."
Finn says: "Where is the studio to make the best feel-good sound?"
Receptor says: "Just think happy thoughts and follow the beat of your heart."
Finn closes his eyes, puts his hand to his chest and walks in. He is followed by Jake and BMO, a thumping noise is heard. Finn suddenly stops and they bump into one another.
Finn says: "Hold up..."
Finn says: "."
Finn says: "This way..."
The room is full of amplifiers and other electronic equipment.
Jake says: "Look at this tricked out studio!"
Jake says: "Half stacks!"
Jake says: "Full stacks!"
Jake says: "Oooh, distortion pedals!"
Jake says: "These sounds make feel-good, right here."
Finn says: "Right here."
Finn says: "Good!"
BMO says: "I feel it here,  good here!"
Finn says: "We know to figure out how to make our sound..."
Finn says: "force happiness into the listener!"
Next scene shows Jake sitting a device that is force his mouth to stretch open, Finn is at the controls with a screen in front toggling. It changes to show all three strapped into a tall structured device that moves them up and down quickly. The next device has Jake tumbling around on a small stage that appears to be speakers. The last is a platform with revolving speakers and monitor. Finn and Jake make noise and faces.
The scene afterward is all three sitting down, Jake in a pile of equipment, BMO pushing buttons on one of them, and Finn spinning on a straw inside a drink cup. He stops and looks to them.
Finn says: "Check our data?"
They all stand and look to a large blackboard with circuit schematics, both Finn and Jake are holding a clipboards, with Finn also holding a pencil.
Finn says: "Maybe it should be higher?"
Jake says: "Yeah, maybe, maybe it could be lower, I don't know."
Jake says: "See that sound?"
Jake says: "I drew that sound connected to two other sounds."
Finn says: "Hmm, something's missing."
Jake says: "That's it, the missing thing in our thing!"
Finn says: "Yeah, James Baxter don't just got his catch phrase, he has his beach ball bizz!"
Jake says: "So we gotta create feel good body actions to go with our feel good sound!"
Finn says: "We just crushed it, homie."
Jake says: "Dude, seriously, I think our thing is gonna change the world."
Jake says: "When people experience it, it's going to make them so happy!"
Finn says: "Let's just do it."
Jake says: "Yeah, man, yeah."
All three promptly fall asleep.
The next morning at the Candy Kingdom. Finn and Jake are walking around the neighborhood, they spot the Green Lollipop Girl who has returned to the spot where her ice cream fell only this time she dropped her drink cup. Her eyes widen as she is upset and nearing tears.
Green Lollipop Girl says: "Wha—"
Green Lollipop Girl says: "."
Jake says: "No no no, wait a sec!"
Jake says: "Reserve judgement until you've see the freshed-up version of our thing."
Finn says: "We did it!"
Jake says: "We did it!"
The scene changes to a group of four Grass People, who mope around on their backs staring at the sky. Finn and Jake walk up to them.
Jake says: "What's wrong?"
Grass Person says: "We're bummed."
Jake morphs into a trumpet and Finn picks him up as they do their performance. This causes the Grass People to laugh. Next scene, a male ghost is floating down a train's track with a bundle stick, he sighs heavily by going, "Boo, boo." Suddenly Finn and Jake arrive. They preform their act and the ghost laughs, as they leave he gives a happy "boo." And the next scene, a forest setting with more Grass People, there is a meeting going on and everyone looks unhappy.
Speaker says: "Oh my!"
Finn and Jake do their performance and the speaker begins to laugh, followed by everyone else cheering and laughing.
The scene shifts to a familiar funeral, only this time it is in a wide hilly area. One of the attendees throws some dirt into the grave. At that moment, Finn and Jake run up them.
Jake says: "Let's just do the thing."
Finn says: "Right, okay!"
Finn says: "Dude!!"
It dashes away on its back, holding itself up by all four limbs. When it reaches a hill it does an arch pose Closeup of Finn biting his lip. And then the skeleton's ghost appears.
Ghost says: "WHY HAVE YOU UPSET MY DEAL?!"
Ghost says: "!"
Finn says: "Jake, come on man, I need some help!"
Jake says: "Sorry, I act like a little kitty cat!"
Finn leaps up and Jake holds him as he stretches to the height of the angry spirit. When they reach its head they are spitted on and fall back to the ground covered in liquid.
Finn says: "Whoa,  it's milk!"
In the hole, Jake unfolds to reveal he protected Finn with his body.
Jake says: "Eeeee, he broke my squishy bones!"
Finn says: "Don't worry, Jake, I'll block this one!"
Finn says: "What?"
Jake says: "It's just that there are a lot of dead people there, we might get separated."
Ghost says: "Holy cow!"
Finn says: "Well, sort of."
Jake says: "Yeah, we know him!!"
Ghost says: "What's his deal?"
Jake says: "His name's James Baxter, he just travels around on his beach ball making people happy."
James Baxter says: "James Baxter!"
Ghost says: "Cool."
The sun sets, James Baxter deflates his beach ball, folds it into triangle hat, and trots off.
Episode ends.