Jake slides down a rainbow in the beginning of a dream sequence. The rainbow is one of many, all of which seem to be Lady Rainicorn.
Jake says: "Whoo-hoo-hoo!"
Lady Rainicorn says: "안녕."
Two Lady Rainicorns appear and kiss Jake's cheeks several times.
Jake is launched into the air and falls inside a gray box in the sky. Jermaine is inside in a bear costume, facing away.
Jake says: "Hey bear dude, sorry to drop in like that."
Jermaine picks up a rolled up poster and turns.
Jemraine says: "Oh, hey..."
Jemraine says: "brother."
Jake says: "Whoa."
Jake says: "Jermaine?!"
Jake says: "!"
Jake says: "We must be dreaming at the same time again."
Jermaine says: "Yeah."
Jake says: "I was just hanging out with a couple of ladies outside..."
Jake says: "or a couple of the same lady."
Jake says: "Then bam!"
Jake says: "Sky-boxed!"
Jermaine says: "Ugh."
Jermaine says: "Jake, I'm here to work."
Jermaine says: "I got to keep everything where it should be."
Jermaine says: "So, uh..."
Jermaine says: "so how are you and Finn doing?"
Without looking, Jermaine starts to push the poster through the wall of the box. It falls through the wall, and he falls half outside with it.
Jermaine says: "Whoop!"
Jermaine says: "Ah!"
A sea of rainicorns giggle far below as the poster falls.
Jermaine says: "Uh..."
He pulls himself back inside the box.
Jake says: "Jermaine?"
Jake says: "You okay, man?"
Jermaine says: "No, no, I'm--I'm fine."
Jermaine says: "Everything's fine."
Jake says: "Oh."
Jermaine says: "epsilon, eucradies, dernesto..."
Jake says: "Hey, listen, um, maybe we should get together in the  awake world?"
Jake says: "You know, meet in meat-space?"
Jermaine says: "Uh, yeah."
Jermaine says: "Sounds great."
Jermaine says: "See you later."
Jermaine pulls a hole in the floor until it's under Jake, who falls. He lands on a larger version of his head like a drop of water. The bigger Jake wakes up and breathes deeply.
Cut to the main room of the tree fort. Jake pulls a mug out of the cooler and takes it to the table. Finn is fiddling with a large device nearby.
Jake says: "In the dream, Jermaine was wearing a bear suit."
Jake says: "I wonder what that symbolizes."
Jake says: "Maybe it means Jermaine needs us to visit."
Jake pulls a strip off of the mouth of the face on the mug, which opens its huge eyes. The eyes and an indicator on the side turns bright red, then the eyes close and Jake pops the aluminum can style top. BMO takes the strip from the can and ties it around their forehead.
BMO says: "Workout time!"
Jake says: "You want the can or the cup?"
Finn says: "I like the can."
Jake says: "Or if Viola shoved Jake Jr."
Jake says: "down a dream hole."
Finn says: "I don't know."
Finn says: "Jermaine's always been kind of a dream hole."
We see BMO doing jump rope using a cord from the large device.
BMO says: "Whoa."
Cut back to Jake.
Jake says: "We're all getting older."
Jake says: "We should go see him now, or we might regret it."
Finn says: "Eh."
Finn says: "It's not a great time just this minute."
Finn says: "Trying to figure this deal out."
He pokes one of the shapes from the hologram. Air hisses, the room fills with smoke and part of the device launches through the roof of the tree fort and upwards until it disappears. BMO is still holding on to the rope, and the force of the launch sends them flying.
BMO says: "Woah!"
Finn says: "Okay."
Finn says: "Let's go see Jermaine."
The scene changes to show Finn riding Jake away from the tree fort in daylight and arriving in the evening at a forest. Jake shrinks down to normal size and they continue through the woods. Demonic shadows watch them through the trees.
Finn says: "There's a lot more demons here than I remember."
Jake says: "Huh."
Jake says: "Yeah."
Jake says: "The only constant is change, bro."
Shadow Demon 1 says: "I want my yo-yo!"
It grabs at Jake, who smacks its hands away. Finn and Jake begin to run.
Finn says: "Yo, yo!"
Finn says: "That's rude, dude!"
Shadow Demon 2 says: "Give me my cup!"
Finn says: "Huh?"
Finn turns to find that the horde of demons has followed them out of the woods.
Shadow Demon 2 says: "Bring me my cup, or I'll skull-cup you!"
It roars, and a smaller head emerges from its mouth like a tongue. Finn and Jake scream. They run full-tilt up the hill to the house. The tongue-head chases them and tries to bite Jake. It hisses, and Jake jumps out of the way.
Jake says: "Yipe!"
Finn stops running to look back.
Finn says: "Jake!"
An arrow flies past Finn and hits the ground between Jake and the demon.
Finn says: "Woah!"
Finn turns towards the house again. Jermaine is wearing the bear costume from Jake's dream and holding a crossbow on the front step of the house.
Jermaine says: "Oh, you guys really came."
Jermaine says: "Quick, get behind the salt barrier!"
Finn and Jake race past a line of salt drawn in a circle around the house. The horde of demons crashes into an invisible barrier marked by the line.
Jermaine says: "They can't cross the circle."
Jermaine says: "It's made from Dad's old shaman-blessed, sage-infused salt."
Shadow Demon 2 says: "Return my cup!"
Shadow Demon 2 says: "Return my cup-- Stop poking me!"
Jermaine says: "Knock it off, guys."
Jermaine says: "Just get in the house."
Cut to the inside of the house. Jermaine enters, sets the crossbow down and takes off the bear costume.
Jermaine says: "You guys can chill here 'till morning, when the demons thin out a little."
Finn says: "Whoo!"
Jermaine says: "Oh, Finn--Oh no!"
Jermaine says: "Instant regret!"
He chases after Finn. Jake watches sympathetically from the doorway. Finn continues to do handsprings through the hall. He bounces off a wall, knocking down two framed pictures, and runs down the hall to the kitchen.
Finn says: "Whoo!"
Finn says: "My house, my house!"
Jermaine says: "Instant regret!"
Cut to Jermaine in the doorway of the kitchen. He gasps. We see Finn swinging from the hanging light over the dining table.
Finn says: "Whoo!"
Finn says: "Remember, Jermaine?"
Finn says: "We did this when we wanted to make room for dessert!"
Jermaine says: "I don't care about that memory!"
Finn says: "What?"
The light cord snaps and flings Finn into the wall.
Finn says: "Whoa--Ohh!"
Finn says: "Dang, my back."
Jermaine says: "Come on!"
Jermaine says: "This ain't the treehouse, man!"
Jermaine says: "I got systems!"
He enters the kitchen through a different door carrying a gigantic sword.
Jake says: "Hey Jermaine, this thing is rad--Whoa!"
The sword tips over and Jake falls, cutting the table in half.
Jermaine says: "Okay, no more sleepover!"
Finn says: "Oh no!"
Finn says: "Don't--don't kick us out!"
Jermaine says: "Go do your Gaucho Marx slapstick with them goofballs in the woods."
Jermaine says: "I got a responsibility to all this booty in here--Staves, medallions, cups, goblets,  dormant jinn, grimoires, hard-drives..."
Jermaine says: "All this random valuable booty, okay?"
Watch beeping.
Jermaine says: "Oh, shoot."
Cut to Jermaine's watch, which shows a humanoid figure with the blinking words "FLIP ME!".
Jermaine says: "I gotta run this beast."
Cut to the living room. In the middle of the floor is a large circular symbol like a compass rose. Jermaine runs in from the kitchen and stops in front of the symbol.
Jermaine says: "Open, ya sissy!"
The circle opens down into a staircase. Jake and Finn follow behind Jermaine as he descends in a rush. The Booboo Sousa tape ending plays from below.
The scene cuts to the basement, where Booboo Sousa sits facing a large blue demon. Several large cables lead from the bear to the bare stone walls. It forms the edge of the forcefield keeping the demon contained. Jermaine crosses the room to the bear.
Jermaine says: "Yeah, flip the tape, I know."
The song cuts off as Jermaine flips the tape in the bear's back.
Jermaine says: ""Good times."
Jermaine says: "" Right."
Booboo Sousa says: "Hey!"
Booboo Sousa says: "I'm Booboo Sousa!"
Booboo Sousa says: "You want to be friends?"
Jermaine says: "We've been friends, Booboo."
The Booboo Sousa Song plays.
Bryce says: "You're slippin', Jerm."
Jermaine says: "No I'm not."
Bryce says: "You're gonna miss that alarm one day, and I'm gonna eat you from the bottom up,  so you can watch me while I eat you."
Bryce says: "Then, in my triumph, I will retrieve the poster your dad stole from me."
Jermaine says: "Bryce, I put the poster right there."
Jermaine says: "You're still mad about that?"
Bryce says: "How dare you use tacks on my poster!"
Bryce says: "You're gonna get it, man!"
Jermaine says: "You know, Bryce, I would've let you and your poster go years ago if you'd stop it with all that "from the bottom up" talk."
Bryce says: "You would?"
Jermaine says: "Yeah, man!"
Jermaine says: "I don't want to flip that tape all day!"
Jermaine says: "That's you and Joshua beef 'cause you wouldn't stop breaking in for that poster."
Bryce says: "Well, come on man, let's be bros!"
Jermaine says: "No way, you psycho."
Jermaine says: "I ain't never gonna trust you after all that stuff you said."
Bryce says: "I'm gonna taste that dog carne asada, you hear?!"
Bryce says: "!"
Cut to the basement entrance, where Finn and Jake are standing with expressions of shock.
Jermaine says: "You're never gonna taste my carne asada, Bryce."
Finn says: "Dude, you can't live like this!"
Jake says: "Yeah, you got a plan B for Bryce, or what?"
Jermaine says: "I don't need a plan B."
Jermaine says: "I'm responsible."
Jermaine says: "You guys want fried rice or something?"
Jermaine says: "I can make fried rice."
Jake says: "No, Jermaine, we'll make you fried rice."
Jermaine says: "Okay, just don't break any more junk."
Jermaine says: "That's our parents' valuable artifacts, you knuckleheads."
Bryce says: "I'm gonna white-knuckle you, Jermaine!"
Bryce says: "You'll see!"
Upstairs again, Finn watches while Jake prepares fried rice on the stove-top. Jermaine is seated at the kitchen table, which has been repaired with duct tape.
Jake says: "Whoo-hoo!"
Jake says: "I've never even made fried rice before!"
Jake says: "Get the plates."
Finn says: "Whoosh!"
Jermaine says: "Good plating."
Jermaine says: "Sorry I only have one chair."
Jake and Finn stand at either side of Jermaine around the table with their own plates and silverware.
Jake says: "To brothers!"
All says: "To brothers!"
Finn says: "It doesn't have to be weird, you guys!"
Howling in the distance.
Jermaine says: "What's that sound?"
Jermaine says: "It sounds like howling."
Jake says: "Let's eat!"
All three lower their arms and start to eat enthusiastically.
Jermaine says: "Dang, dude, this fried rice destroys."
Jermaine says: "How'd you get all this flavor?"
Jake says: "Sesame oil and salt."
Jake says: "Salt is one of the five taste sensations."
Finn says: "Sweet, sour, bitter, umami and salty."
Jermaine says: "I guess I'm just used to bitter."
Jermaine says: "That's weird."
Jermaine says: "I haven't had salt in like five years."
Jermaine says: "Hold on..."
Jermaine sets his fork down to make a square with his hands, thumbs to opposite index finger. He reverses the gesture several times.
Jermaine says: "Epsilon, eucradies, dernesto, quillduct..."
Jermaine says: "Uh, where'd you get the salt from, Jake?"
Jake says: "I snooched a little from outside."
Jake says: "Why?"
Outside, the howling sound is louder. A paper-thing shadow demon slips through a tiny gap in the salt line.
Shadow Demon 2 says: "Get my cup, Ariel!"
Shadow Demon 2 says: "Please, dude!"
Ariel says: "You get it!"
Ariel says: "I need my DAT tapes."
Shadow Demon 2 says: "I can't fit through that hole Ariel!"
Shadow Demon 2 says: "Aaaah!"
Jermaine holds a button while Jake and Finn stand to either side of the front door. Finn has the Finn Sword, Jake has the enormous sword from before.
I'll shock him, and you guys ace his brains!
Finn says: "Got it!"
Jake says: "Got it!"
Jermaine says: "That sword's too unweildy, man."
Jake says: "But it'll look decent when I triple combo this bozo with this thing, right?"
Jake raises the sword over his head with great difficulty. He's bent backwards under its weight.
Finn says: "Like how?"
Jake says: "Like this, bro!"
Jake spins around, tries to raise the sword and falls on his back in front of the door instead.
Jake says: "Aah!"
Jake says: "Oof!"
The demon Ariel slides his head through the side of door.
Ariel says: "Boo, stupid!"
Finn swings his sword into the door, but Ariel has already flown inside. Jermaine pushes the button, and Finn screams as he's electrocuted.
Cut to the ceiling, where Ariel stabs an arm down at Jermaine.
Ariel says: "Where's my DAT tapes?!"
Ariel says: "!"
Jermaine runs into the next room, and Ariel follows.
Jermaine says: "Epsilon, eudradies, epilindus..."
Jake tries to get up with the sword and falls again.
Jake says: "Oof!"
Jake says: "Why is this thing so dense?"
Cut to Jermaine running through the hall, Ariel close behind.
Jermaine says: "I got your tapes over here!"
Jermaine skids across the kitchen floor and under the table.
Ariel says: "Give me my ta--Oof!"
Ariel says: "Aah!"
Jermaine kicks the table up and into Ariel, pinning the demon. Cut to Finn and Jake running in from the hall.
Jake says: "I got him!"
Jake says: "Hup!"
Jake jumps, makes himself larger and crashes down on the table, breaking the legs.
Jake says: "Sha-boom!"
Jake says: "Woah, watch it!"
Ariel hits at Jake with all four limbs. Cut to Jermaine running to the kitchen counter.
Jake says: "Cut his arms, Finn!"
Finn says: "Okay!"
Jermaine kicks open a cabinet door and disappears into it. He rolls out of a different cabinet door under the sink with a vacuum strapped to his back. Finn and Jake are both shouting.
Cut back to Finn and Jake fighting Ariel. The demon has gotten out from under the table and is standing, but his arms have been cut off. Jake holds on to one by its two fingers while it tries to escape, and Finn cuts the other in half on the other side of the room. Jake continues shouting. Jermaine enters with the vacuum, turns it on and points it at Ariel.
Finn says: "Woah!"
Ariel and his detached limbs are sucked into the vacuum.
Jake says: "Wha--?"
Ariel says: "Aaaaah!"
Jermaine turns off the vacuum. Cut to outside, the rest of the demons still wait outside the salt line. Jermaine runs across the yard with the vacuum.
Shadow Demon 2 says: "My cup, Jermaine!"
Jermaine drop-kicks the vacuum into the face of Shadow Demon 2.
Shadow Demon 2 says: "Oof!"
Shadow Demon 3 says: "You're a pain, Jermaine!"
Jermaine pushes the salt of the gap back into a continuous line and stomps back across the lawn.
Shadow Demons says: "Jermaine the pain!"
Shadow Demons says: "Jermaine the pain!"
Scene changes to the foyer. Finn and Jake are both injured, but smiling.
Jake says: "Awesome, dude!"
Jake says: "We won!"
Jermaine says: "I didn't win!"
Jermaine says: "When do I win?!"
Jermaine says: "!"
Jermaine says: "Special guys one and two win every day!"
Jermaine says: "Crackin' jokes, readin' foodie mags in your tree-town fun-house."
Jermaine says: "Must be nice to be so special you can go off and find your own fancy ways!"
Jermaine says: "Meanwhile I gotta stay here and watch Dad's trashy booty 'cause I never stretched into the sky and farted on the wings of a falcon, I guess!"
Jake says: "Dude, I never farted on the wing of a falcon."
Jermaine punches Jake in the face. Jake falls, and Jermaine yells as he jumps on him.
Finn says: "Bros!"
Finn runs to follow the fight. Jake stands up and raises his hands in surrender.
Jake says: "Chill, Jermaine."
Jermaine says: "Huh?"
Jake stretches to the other side of the room with his top half. As his bottom starts to follow Jermaine pulls his fist free and bites Jake's butt.
Jake says: "Yeowch!"
Jermaine hangs by his teeth from Jake's butt, growling. Jake's butt extends suddenly, punching Jermaine across the room. Jermaine grunts as he hits the bookshelf, then stands.
Jermaine says: "I'm sick of bein' Daddy's watchdog."
A humanoid hand appears from off-screen to hand Jermaine a sneaker with wings. Jermaine grunts and throws it at Jake, who has coiled his long body and is hugging his butt. The sneaker starts flapping its wings halfway to Jake and flies away while Finn and Jake watch. Jermaine makes frustrated grumbling noises.
Finn says: "This must've been building up for a while."
Jermaine pulls the bottoms of his eyelids, roars, and throws the disembodied hand from before at Jake with a grunt.
Jake says: "Woah!"
Jake dodges with his upper body, grabbing his butt at the last moment to pull it out of the way as well. The hand lands in front of Finn at the front door and explodes. Finn protects his face from the small explosion with one arm. The hand grows huge where it landed and encloses Finn.
Finn says: "Wah!"
Finn's sword pokes out from the hand and cuts it in half, leaving fire in its wake. Finn jumps out from inside the hand. His sword remains on fire.
Finn says: "Hand fire."
Finn looks down, realizes his sword is on fire and yells. Cut back to the whole room, Jermaine is yelling at Jake, who is now slightly larger but still holding up his hands.
Jermaine says: "You got to be Dad's favorite!"
Jermaine says: "I got stuck with his mess!"
Jake says: "Come on."
Jake says: "Dad didn't have a favorite."
Jake says: "He just liked my fart jokes."
Jermaine picks up a ceramic bottle.
Jermaine says: "I'm the fart joke!"
Jermaine throws the bottle at Jake, who ducks. Cut to the front door, where the bottle lands in front of Finn and breaks. A dinosaur-like creature with birthday hats on its head and tail appears from the bottle in a puff of smoke.
Creature says: "Shazbaz!"
Creature says: "Uh, no."
Creature says: "Shazbaz!"
The creature vanishes in another puff of smoke. Cut to Jake and Jermaine. Jermaine punches Jake.
Jake says: "Ow."
Jake says: "Dad loved us both."
Jake says: "You could've left any time."
Jermaine says: "I know!"
Jake says: "If you punch me again I'm gonna fart."
Jermaine punches Jake again. Jake farts from the top of his head. Jermaine chuckles tiredly. Jake stretches his butt over next to Jermaine's head and farts again. Jermaine puts his hand to his face, still chuckling.
Jermaine says: "Oh man."
Jermaine says: "I've really built my own cage."
Cut to the entire room, half of which is on fire. Finn waves his arms, and Jake and Jermaine turn to look at him.
Finn says: "Guys, guys, guys!"
Cut to outside, we see the demons gathered around the salt circle while the entire building burns. The screen pans up, where the smoke takes the shape of a hand.
Finn says: "This whole place is burning down!"
Cut back to Finn.
Finn says: "So if you're done being angry bonkers, let's work together!"
Finn and Jake bump fists. They look to Jermaine, who is turned away with arms crossed.
Finn says: "Jermaine?"
Finn says: "You gonna leave me hanging, bro?"
Jermaine turns the other way and sighs, then turns his head towards Finn and Jake.
Jermaine says: "Let it burn."
Jake says: "Huh?!"
Jake says: "!"
Finn says: "But all of Dad's stuff!"
Close-up of Jermaine, the fire reflected in his eyes.
Jermaine says: "No..."
Jermaine says: "I think it's all right."
Jermaine smiles and begins to cry. Fade to black.
The next day, Finn is on one knee looking at the broken remains of the line of salt outside.
Finn says: "The salt line got broken."
Finn says: "Where'd all the d's go?"
Jake says: "Maybe with all their stuff gone they had no reason to stay."
Cut to Jermaine, looking up at the sky. After a moment his watch starts to beep.
Jermaine says: "Oh, no!"
Jermaine says: "The tape!"
Jermaine runs back towards the house. He digs through the rubble until he unearths the basement entrance. He grunts as he tries to lift it.
Jermaine says: "Open..."
Jermaine says: "!"
Jake arrives, Finn on his back, and stretches to pull open the entrance. Jermaine falls back. All three stare into the basement as Bryce emerges, coughing, rolled-up poster in hand.
Bryce says: "I got my poster!"
Bryce coughs up Booboo Sousa, which has the face torn off of it. Jermaine goes to its side.
Jermaine says: "Booboo Sousa..."
Bryce says: "I ate his stupid face off!"
Bryce says: "It was sick."
Jermaine says: "Ugh."
Jermaine says: "Do you even know what you sound like when you talk like that?"
Bryce says: "I sound cool."
Jermaine takes off his watch and throws it away.
Jermaine says: "If that's what you think."
Bryce says: "That's what I know."
Cut to Finn, who watches as Bryce and Jermaine walk off together. Bryce squints at the sky as he walks.
Bryce says: "Dang."
Bryce says: "Has it always been so bright out here?"
Bryce says: "Makes me wanna explode the sun and banish the Earth into darkness."
Jermaine says: "See?"
Jermaine says: "You're doing it again!"
Jake appears next to Finn wearing the bear costume, one ear still burning.
Episode ends.