[Setting says: "Lady Rainicorn's house."
TV says: "Nah, I'm good here."
Lady Rainicorn says: "TV, get a job."
TV says: "A job?"
Lady Rainicorn says: "Listen, I will provide you with food, and you can keep using my shampoo."
Lady Rainicorn says: "Now I'm going out to lunch."
TV says: "Lunch with who?"
Lady Rainicorn says: "With Princess Bubblegum."
TV says: "Princess Bubblegum?"
TV says: "Do you guys even hang out anymore?"
Lady Rainicorn leaves. TV is shown rummaging through the kitchen. He finds a secret compartment with a box in it. He opens the box.
TV says: "Hmm."
TV says: "Hey, some kind of sammich."
He eats the Sandwich .
TV says: "It could be worth money."
TV leaves the house.
TV says: "Gonna sell a weird box."
TV says: "Gonna make some mad bucks."
TV says: "Gonna buy some new books."
Lady Rainicorn returns to the house. She is looking for TV.
Lady Rainicorn says: "TV?"
Lady Rainicorn says: "TV?"
She notices a computer message. She presses play.
TV says: "I ate the weird sandwich from the weird box."
TV says: "I ate the weird sandwich from the weird box."
TV says: "I ate the weird sandwich from the weird box."
Lady Rainicorn looks concerned. She is looking for the box. It is not there.
Lady Rainicorn says: "TV!"
Lady Rainicorn begins flying toward the market. TV is shown at the market.
TV says: "Weird box for sale!"
Tom says: "Sorry, kid."
Tom says: "Maybe if it was a music box."
Lee is riding a bike, looking around.
TV is shown at Candy Box Man's stand.
Candy Box Man says: "Now, if it was a candy box, I could use it."
Lee is shown holding a pink crystal.
The crystal forms a hand and begins to search for the crystal sandwich.
Farmer's market character says: "Get you cukes, get your zukes."
Farmer's market character says: "Get your handwoven tukes!"
TV says: "Ohh, people here are dumb or something."
Lee says: "Gotcha."
The crystal hand vanishes. Lee drives over to TV.
TV says: "Whoa!"
Lee says: "Hey, I'm Lee."
Lee says: "Nice box."
TV says: "Give me money, Lee, and you can have it."
Lee says: "I don't believe in currency, man!"
Lee says: "But I know a place where you could get a lot of money for a box like that."
Lee says: "Get on my cool bike, I will take you there!"
Lee picks up TV and puts him on the bike.
Lee says: "My name is Lee."
Lee starts the bike.
TV says: "♪♩♫ I've got a new best friend."
Lee says: "♪♩♫ Named Lee."
Lady Rainicorn comes out of the trees.
Lady Rainicorn says: "Lee?"
TV says: "Oh, hey mom!"
Lee turns the bike around, and Lady follows them.
Lady Rainicorn says: "Also, you can't take my son, TV!"
Lee throws the pink crystal and it forms a portal. They travel through it. Lady creates another portal for herself.
Lady Rainicorn says: "TV!"
All of them are now in the Crystal Dimension . Lee drives through a door and it closes. Lady cannot go through it.
Lady Rainicorn says: "TV!"
Lee and TV are in a mansion. Lee is playing the bass on a couch.
TV says: "You've got such a cool place, Lee."
Lee says: "Well, you're a cool guy, too."
Lee says: "Aren't you?"
TV says: "Cool?"
TV says: "Yes, I am."
TV says: "How much did this place cost?"
Lee says: "Oh, its not my house."
Lee says: "I'm squatting."
Lee's phone rings, and he answers.
TV says: "Hey, what's this thing?"
Lee places some flowers in front of it.
Lee says: "Hey, want to get on the back of my motorbike again?"
TV says: "Yeah!"
Lee says: "I'll show you how to do a wheelie!"
TV says: "♪♩♫I've got a new best friend."
Lee says: "♪♩♫ Named Lee."
Three dogs enter the mansion. Lady Rainicorn is shown walking in the crystal town. She notices graffiti on a wall, and a flashback takes place from when Lee and Lady Rainicorn were still dating. These following scenes are the flashback until noted.
Lee is shown putting a crystal into a trash can. Next to the can is a sign that says "DON'T LITTER".
A dog tries to put paper in the trash can, but the crystal goes off and creates a beam of rainbows and exploding trash.
Lee says: "Boom!"
Lady Rainicorn says: "Oh, Lee."
A family of dogs is shown and they get covered with rainbow paint. The frames pan up and Lee is seen with a bucket next to Lady Rainicorn.
Lee and Lady Rainicorn are seen in their home. Lady is spinning thread and Lee is on a floor mat.
Lee says: "We don't need to follow dog's rules!"
Lady Rainicorn says: "Yeah."
Lady Rainicorn's parents come to their house.
Ethel says: "Ding-dong!"
Ethel says: "Doting parents delivery service."
Bob says: "Your mother and I were in the neighborhood."
Ethel says: "One can't live on love alone; One must also have groceries."
Ethel places a bag of groceries in front of them.
Lee says: "Hey, groceries are a dog-driven concept."
Ethel and Bob driving home in their car.
Ethel says: "Whatever does she see in such an idiot?"
Lee says: "Ah, you're beautiful, baby!"
Lady Rainicorn says: "Oh, lee!"
Lee says: "Watch this, baby!"
Lee blows up the bank in a cloud of rainbows, leaving the dogs suprised and confused.
Lady Rainicorn says: "Lee..."
Lady Rainicorn says: "."
Lady is shown entering a cafe, looking around.
Lady Rainicorn says: "Lee?"
Lady looks in the back of the cafe, where Lee and Roy are plotting something with a map.
Lee says: "All we gotta do is follow this map!"
Roy says: "You mean this stolen map?!"
Roy says: "!"
Roy says: "Lady!"
The map is shown as a maze leading to a sandwich the Crystal Mergence of Destruction.
Lee says: "You know, I'm actually glad you caught me."
Lee says: "We can't do this without you."
Lee says: "The rainicorns need you."
Lee says: "Lee needs you."
He kisses her on the cheek 그래, 이렇게 들킨 거, 차라리 잘 됐어. 자기 없이는 이 작전은 성공할 수 없어. 레이니콘들한테는 니가 필요해.
Lady Rainicorn says: "Aww..."
Lady Rainicorn says: "."
Scene changes to a building called the "Labyrinth" with two guard dogs outside. Lee, Roy and Lady Rainicorn put coffee bags over the dogs, and disguise them into the building's color. They enter the building.
Lee says: "Finally, the Mergence of Destruction!"
Lee says: "I'm gonna rain pain on all those dumb dogs!"
Lady Rainicorn hits him, and he goes unconscious. She takes the sandwich.
Lady Rainicorn says: "I'm sorry, my love."
Roy says: "Hey, whats going on?"
Roy says: "Wha?"
Lady Rainicorn zaps Roy with her horn.
Roy says: "Ahh!"
Lee says: "You can't stop me."
Lee says: "I'm gonna get that nugget someday!"
Lee says: "I'll chase you to the ends of the crystal dimension!"
Scene changes to Lady Rainicorn's parent's home. 넌 나를 멈출 수 없어. 언젠가 내가 그 돌맹이 꼭 찾을거야... 세상 끝까지라도 널 쫓아가서!
Lady Rainicorn says: "Mom, dad, I've got to get out of town fast!"
Ethel says: "You're leaving?"
Ethel says: "Do you want any groceries to take with you?"
Lady Rainicorn says: "Mom, no."
Lady Rainicorn says: "Listen, I don't know if I can ever come back."
Lady Rainicorn says: "The Crystal Mergence must be kept far from here."
Ethel says: "Okay, but take a purse."
Ethel says: "I have tons of them."
Bob says: "No more nose ring bozo."
Ethel says: "Prayer works."
Lady Rainicorn is seen leaving the Crystal Dimension. She now enters Ooo. She looks down from a hill and sees some citizens.
Cinnamon Bun says: "Oh!"
Cinnamon Bun says: "Ohhhh, oh dear, oh dear, oh dear!"
Cinnamon Bun says: "What am I gonna do?"
Lady Rainicorn is seen entering her future barn to rest. She pulls out the box that contains the sandwich.
Lady Rainicorn says: "I'll keep you hidden for as long as I must."
Lady Rainicorn falls asleep. This is now the end of the flashback caused by looking at the wall graffiti. The original story now continues. Lady Rainicorn enters Roy's coffee shop.
Lady Rainicorn says: "Roy!"
Roy says: "Lady!"
Lady Rainicorn says: "Is Lee here?"
Roy says: "No."
Roy says: "Lee hasn't been here for..."
Roy says: "."
Roy says: "Hey, hey, hey, don't go back there."
Lady Rainicorn goes to the back of the coffee shop. There is nothing but coffee.
Lady Rainicorn says: "Ah-hah!"
Lady Rainicorn says: "Oh."
Roy says: "Its just coffee."
Roy says: "I work here now."
Roy says: "Hey, I, now, I- I don't keep in touch, alright?"
Roy says: "I just want to make a good coffee."
Lady Rainicorn says: "Quality..."
Lady Rainicorn says: "."
Lady Rainicorn says: "Like this?!"
Lady Rainicorn says: "!"
Lady Rainicorn stirs up Roy's coffee cup.
Roy says: "No!"
Roy says: "My latte!!"
Roy says: "I don't know!"
Roy says: "I'm not into, y'know- I have my own business."
Roy says: "Quality coffee."
Lady Rainicorn says: "You mean this coffee?"
Lady Rainicorn stabs a coffee bag with her horn.
Roy says: "way underground."
Roy says: "Started running with a crew of revolutionary dogs."
Roy says: "Dogs!"
Roy says: "I know, right?"
Roy says: "Lee hangs out at the old bootlegger mansion with those dogs."
Lady Rainicorn takes a newspaper roll.
Lady Rainicorn says: "I'm going to need this."
Lady Rainicorn walks out. Roy looks at his latte.
Roy says: "So much anger."
TV says: "♪♩♫I've got a new best friend."
Lee doesn't respond.
TV says: "Uhh..."
TV says: "I don't like this."
TV says: "No, Lee, why are you doing this?"
Lee says: "Faster."
The crystal sandwich comes out of TV and lands in Lee's hands. The contraption stops and TV is free.
Lady Rainicorn enters.
Lady Rainicorn says: "Lee!"
Lee says: "Lady?"
TV says: "Mommy!"
Lee says: "Get her, boys!"
The dogs start walking toward Lady Rainicorn. She pats each of them on the nose with the newspaper roll. They pause for a second, and then run away.
Lady Rainicorn says: "I thought you were against dogs!"
Lee says: "That was then..."
Lee says: "Now the Rainicorns are ruling the roost!"
Lee begins to run around. Lady Rainicorn chases him.
Lee says: "Nobody is going to stand in my way this time!"
TV says: "Hi, mom."
TV says: "How do you know Lee?"
Lee says: "You're too late!"
The sandwich begins to glow, and an arm emerges from it.
The sandwich's arm is taking Lee's body. Lee disappears into the sandwich. The sandwich begins to reach for Lady and TV.
Lady says: "Ahh!"
Lady says: "TV, Run!"
Lady Rainicorn screams. TV opens the box and puts the crystal sandwich inside. It stops trying to take their bodies.
TV says: "It's a good thing I didn't sell this box."
Lady Rainicorn says: "Lets go back, TV."
Lady Rainicorn says: "I have to get this thing out of here and back to Ooo."
TV says: "Yeah, no, I think I'll stay here in the Crystal Dimension for a while."
TV says: "I want to learn to be cool like you."
TV says: "More independent and everything."
Lady Rainicorn leaves.
TV says: "Being independent is awesome."
TV says: "Do you guys have any food?"
End of episode.