Snoring is heard coming from a nest atop a rock jutting out of an expanse of water. A winged Lemonhope stands up in the nest, stretches, and yawns. He flies toward the sun, then dives down to the water and dips his hand in. He flies past three standalone gray doors and lands in front of a red one. He tries turning the knob, but suddenly hears knocking coming from the other side. He looks around the other side, but no one is there. The knocking continues and doorbells ring. Lemonhope wakes up to the sound of Princess Bubblegum ringing a hand bell, signifying the resumption of class. Finn runs in, while Lemonhope, resting against a tree, groans and pulls at his face before reluctantly entering the school. Inside, a film starts playing titled "Hello! And Keep Away From Castle Lemongrab.".
Earl of Lemongrab says: "Hello!"
Earl of Lemongrab says: "And keep away from Castle Lemongrab!"
Lemonhope doodles on his paper while the movie plays. Lemongrab addresses the audience.
Lemongrab says: "How are you today?"
Lemongrab says: "Mm, I see."
Lemongrab says: "Yes."
Lemongrab says: "I'm inside my fortified totalitarian city-state."
Lemongrab says: "Hello, I'm Lemongrab."
Lemongrab 2 says: "Me too!"
Lemongrab pinches his side.
Lemongrab 2 says: "Ow!"
Lemongrab says: "Mm."
Lemongrab says: "Unacceptable."
The film switches to a view of a Lemon Person in chains.
Lemongrab says: "Things have never been better here at Castle Lemongrab."
A Lemon Person is in stocks and one draws in the sand with the back of a hoe.
Lemongrab says: "I have never been fatter."
A chain gang drudges by.
Lemongrab says: "And since the expulsion of Lemonhope..."
A Lemon Person dressed like Lemonhope stands on a ledge.
Lemongrab says: "We have reached peak societal obediency."
The Lemon Person is pushed off with a stick.
Lemongrab says: "Law, order..."
A Lemon Person smashes a harp with a mallet.
Lemongrab says: "Harp-smashing."
Lemongrab says: "We've have it all!"
Lemonhope continues doodling while his harp rests on the floor beside him.
Lemongrab says: "Mm, the pleasure."
Lemongrab says: "Smash another!"
Lemongrab says: "Ooh, who is this?"
He points to a frowning Lemon Person who tries crawling away. He picks him up.
Lemonhope draws a beard on his self-portrait and smiles.
Lemongrab says: "Yes, morale has never been higher since we got rid of hope."
Lemongrab says: "In conclusion, no one needs to come here ever, especially Lemonhope, and I ate my brother."
Lemongrab says: "Goodbye!"
Lemongrab starts retching and bulging as Lemongrab 2 calls out from within his mouth.
Lemongrab 2 says: "Save us, Lemonhope!"
Lemongrab 2 says: "You're our only lemon-ho—"
Lemongrab 2 says: "!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Lights on."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, Lemonhope, were you even paying attention?"
Lemonhope says: "Mmmmmm, yes."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I know this is a lot to take in, but one day, saving those lemons is going to be your responsibility."
Princess Bubblegum says: "They're in trouble, and you need to work harder at this."
Lemonhope says: "Eh..."
Lemonhope says: "I don't know."
Lemonhope says: "I'm not too worried about other people, I guess."
Lemonhope says: "Like, I got me, and they got them."
Lemonhope says: "Mm."
Princess Bubblegum says: "O-kay..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Let's try something else."
Princess Bubblegum says: "These are cupcakes."
Finn says: "Cup-cups!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Lemonhope,  you have two cupcakes."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn has no cupcakes."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Lemonhope, will you give Finn one of your cupcakes?"
Lemonhope says: "Um..."
Finn says: "Yes."
Lemonhope says: "Oh..."
Lemonhope says: "but I don't want to!"
Lemonhope says: "I want both cupcakes."
Lemonhope says: "Finn can get his own cupcakes!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Maybe we need something more hands-on."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hey, Finn, listen, that's it for class today."
Finn says: "Whoop!"
Finn says: "Whoop-whoop-whoop-whoop-whoop..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Okay, dude, we're going on a field-trip."
The two walk toward Castle Lemongrab and come to a halt.
Princess Bubblegum says: "This is the Lemon Earldom perimeter."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Unfortunately, there are pacts and treaties preventing me from getting any closer."
Princess Bubblegum says: "We should cloak."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I know you don't like thinking about Castle Lemongrab, but it's where your family is."
Princess Bubblegum says: "They set you free, and now they're being punished for it."
Princess Bubblegum says: "It rips."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Look!"
A rope drops from over the wall, and a Lemon Person hurriedly climbs down it. He makes a run for it, but a searchlight spots him.
Lemon Person says: "Remember, Lemonhope!"
A lemon bird swoops down and picks him up. It drops him inside the mouth of the Lemongrab-shaped dome.
Lemongrab says: "I'm going to eat you!"
Munching sounds are heard as the Lemon Person's screams are suddenly silenced.
Lemongrab says: "I did it!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "D'ya see?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "They helped you."
Princess Bubblegum says: "You have to help them now."
Princess Bubblegum says: "It's your responsibility."
Lemonhope says: "No!"
Lemonhope says: "I don't have to do anything that I don't want to."
Lemonhope says: "They set me free, and free means I decide what I do, not them and not you!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Dude, I'm sorry, but that attitude is unacceptable—"
Princess Bubblegum says: "oh!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I mean..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Lemonhope?"
His footprints lead into the forest. Princess Bubblegum uncloaks her face, showing concern. The sun is now low in the sky. A raccoon dressed in Lemonhope's clothes chews at its wristband, cloaking and uncloaking itself. Lemonhope emerges, strumming his harp and carrying his flute.
Lemonhope says: "♪Lemonhope's got feet that take him to fun."
Lemonhope says: "no "can't"s."
The owl flies away.
Lemonhope says: "♪My body's free like a li'l baby bird."
Lemonhope says: "Caw!"
Lemonhope says: "Lemonhope's got legs that'll strut hot struts."
Lemonhope says: "Lemonhope's got thighs that'll pump both butts."
Lemonhope says: "He's..."
Lemonhope says: "got a harp, s'got a flute, free to strum,  Oh."
Lemonhope says: "It's warm."
A bell rings. Lemonhope turns to see a pirate ship sailing past the dock.
Pirate says: "Pick it up, you chumps!"
Pirate says: "We've got to make Deaveston by brunch."
Lemonhope says: "Oh, man, that thing looks just lousy with freedom..."
Lemonhope says: "straight-up right out the diddle-doo, comin' at ya right straight up."
Lemonhope says: "Ha-ha!"
He toots his flute, runs after the ship, and climbs a rope up into the hold. Some rats skitter away.
Lemonhope says: "Yeah, exactly."
As Lemonhope plays his harp, several rats come out from hiding, lured by the sound. They form a blanket around Lemonhope. He yawns and falls asleep. He wakes up to the sound of pirates yelling and a creature roaring.
Pirate says: "Argh!"
Pirate says: "A Greed Lard!"
The ship lurches, tossing some crates off their shelves and onto Lemonhope's head, knocking him out. He wakes up covered in bruises.
Lemonhope says: "but—"
Lemonhope says: "but I think I really need some help."
The ship is abandoned and half buried under the desert sand. The scene fades into Lemonhope's dream, in which he is a horse humming merrily to himself and walking past pink spots on the ground.
Lemongrab 2 says: "Hey."
Lemongrab 2 says: "Hey, guy."
Lemongrab 2 says: "Back here."
Lemonhope continues dragging Lemongrab 2 along behind him.
Lemongrab 2 says: "Hey, c'mon, I've fallen off back there."
Lemongrab 2 says: "Guy?"
Lemongrab 2 says: "Hey, buddy."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Psst."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Down here."
Lemonhope lifts his hoof, showing he has stepped in gum. It grows a face.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Psst."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Lemonhope, it's me."
Princess Bubblegum says: "You are..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "You are unacceptable!"
Lemongrab 2 says: "Buddy, buddy, buddy, buddy, buddy, buddy, buddy..."
Lemonhope screams soundlessly as the room fills with gum. Back in the real world, a lone cloud in the sky floats outside a breach in the hull. Two taxidermied rats dressed like Finn and Princess Bubblegum stand on a crate, against which rests Lemonhope's wooden replacement harp. A mobile of dried lime slices rustles in the light breeze. An emaciated Lemonhope moans lightly in his sleep, while his eyes move frantically behind closed eyelids. He suddenly screams and sits up.
Lemonhope says: "A lot of nightmares again."
Lemonhope says: "I guess that's freedom for you."
Lemonhope says: "Oh."
A trio of scorpions advance toward him. He grabs his flute and toots it at them. They click their pincers menacingly before retreating.
He picks up his harp and flute and goes to the deck. Above the jamb is a banner reading "LEMONHO9E." He looks up.
Lemonhope says: "Huh."
Lemonhope says: "Weird cloud's still there."
Lemonhope says: "freedom!"
His hair suddenly ignites, and he lies face-down in the sand, motionless.
Episode ends.