A small cloud rains on Lemonhope's head, putting out the fire. Phlannel Boxingday returns the cloud to its bottle and bends over Lemonhope.
Phlannel Boxingday says: "Psst."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "Lemonhope."
Lemonhope lifts his head up.
Phlannel Boxingday says: "Hey."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "That's better."
Lemonhope says: "Who are you?"
Phlannel Boxingday says: "My name's Phlannel Boxingday, and I've been watching you and your hard, hot life in this desert from up there  in my cloud trawler."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "I thought you might need a hand."
Lemonhope says: "Mm-hmm."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "Kid, truth be told, you're looking a little raw."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "You're totally free to come hang out with me until you're feeling stronger."
Lemonhope says: "Mm..."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "It's your choice."
Lemonhope stands up and gives a thumbs up, nodding.
Phlannel Boxingday says: "Ha-ha, let's go, dude."
They are now riding Phlannel's cloud trawler above the clouds.
Phlannel Boxingday says: "So..."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "read any good books lately?"
Lemonhope says: "Oh, I can't read."
Lemonhope says: "They tried to teach me in school, but..."
Lemonhope says: "mm, I just faked it."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "Ah-hah..."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "Uh-oh."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "Hold that thought, buddy."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "Looks like a Greed Lard's picked up our scent."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "Dangit, he's a fast one."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "We can't outrun him, but maybe we can drive him off."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "I need you to play that flute of yours, Lemonhope."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "I saw how you rassled those scorpions before."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "Now play that flute with all your might!"
Lemonhope takes a deep breath and toots the flute. The Greed Lard grimaces and veers left.
Phlannel Boxingday says: "Keep it up, Lemonhope."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "It's working!"
Phlannel Boxingday says: "He's turning off!"
The Greed Lard releases steam out its blowhole.
Phlannel Boxingday says: "No, wait."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "He—"
Phlannel Boxingday says: "he's mad."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "We've enraged him."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "He's calling his pack."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "The harp, Lemonhope!"
Phlannel Boxingday says: "Quick, quick, quick!"
Lemonhope plucks at his harp, soothing the monster and luring it in.
Phlannel Boxingday says: "We'll lure the beast into the rocks."
The dive below the clouds and the bird follows. They fly alongside a rock pillar, and the bird crashes into it. As it falls away, Lemon People fall from its mouth.
The Lemon People continue falling.
Lemonhope says: "No!"
Lemonhope says: "Phlannel!"
Lemonhope says: "Stop the ship!"
Lemonhope says: "Stop the ship!"
Phlannel Boxingday says: "What?"
Phlannel Boxingday says: "What for?"
Lemonhope says: "STOP THE SHIP!"
Now on the ground, they walk up to the fallen bird.
Phlannel Boxingday says: "You see, Lemonhope?"
Phlannel Boxingday says: "It's not peeps."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "It's dosh!"
Lemonhope says: "Oh."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "Greed Lards eat dosh for food, and 'cause we killed it, we get to keep it all."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "That's my job, Lemonhope."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "When I'm not out being free and having adventures, I'm killing monsters that eat dosh and then keeping the dosh."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "And it just so happens that I'm looking for a new apprentice."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "What do you think about partnering up with old Phlannel Boxingday?"
Lemonhope says: "Oh, my gosh, Phlannel, yes!"
Lemonhope says: "A dream come true!"
Lemonhope says: "A dream come true..."
The scene fades into another one of Lemonhope's dreams. A marionette dangling from chains walks by while singing Lemonhope's Song.
Lemonhope says: "♪Poor little Lemonhope."
Lemonhope says: "friends..."
Lemonhope says: "give me hu—"
Lemonhope says: "?"
An obese Lemongrab chews and moans happily while holding a cow with a bite taken out of it.
Cow says: "Hey."
Cow says: "Hey..."
Cow says: "What's going on back there?"
Cow says: "Somethin' don't feel right."
Cow says: "Oh, hey!"
Cow says: "Lemonhope is here!"
Cow says: "Hey, man, how's it goin—"
Cow says: "?"
Lemongrab shoots hooks on chains out of his mouth toward Lemonhope, who turns and runs.
Cow says: "Whoa, what the heck?"
Lemonhope pants frantically as he tries to run but goes nowhere.
Cow says: "Run for it, Lemonhope!"
Cow says: "Run, run!"
Cow says: "C'mon!"
Cow says: "Why aren't you running?"
Lemonhope looks up and sees himself as the puppeteer, controlling the chains. Lemonhope wakes up, panting, and hits his head on the shelf above his bed. He joins Phlannel above deck, who is holding a bucket in a bow of fire.
Phlannel Boxingday says: "Morning, Lemonhope!"
Phlannel Boxingday says: "Hey, is there any more white coal down in the hold?"
Phlannel Boxingday says: "whoops."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "Oh, drats."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "Oh, well."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "Hey, don't sweat it, buddy."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "It wasn't your fault."
Lemonhope says: "It's not that, Phlannel."
Lemonhope says: "I had a bad dream."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "Again?"
Phlannel Boxingday says: "That's the third time this week."
Lemonhope says: "I'm free now, Phlannel, to do all whatevs I ever wanted, but all I think about is my old life."
Lemonhope says: "What does it mean?"
Phlannel Boxingday says: "Well, it's true you are free—"
Phlannel Boxingday says: "free to help the Lemon People or leave them be—"
Phlannel Boxingday says: "but a debt unpaid is not easily forgotten."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "So you are a prisoner still in deinem kopf."
Lemonhope says: "Huh."
Lemonhope says: "That's what Mistress always said, and I didn't even listen."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "Ah, Lemonhope, you're a doer, not a listener."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "You learn with your heart and hands, not your head."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "So..."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "what will you do, Lemonhope?"
Lemonhope says: "I'll..."
Lemonhope says: "I'll go back, and I'll help my people, and maybe I'll feel better."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "And how will you do it?"
Lemonhope says: "Um..."
Lemonhope says: "with my harp  And help from my friend Phlannel!"
Phlannel Boxingday says: "Nah, little Lemonhope."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "Of course, I'll take you as far as I can, but I can't interfere directly in Lemongrab politics."
Phlannel Boxingday says: "All those old pacts and treaties have me sklonked up tighter than a synthetic zanoit sterilizer bed compressor tube enlarger on garbage day."
Lemonhope waves goodbye as Phlannel flies away on his cloud trawler. He walks but a short distance before it starts raining and he reaches the perimeter of Castle Lemongrab.
Lemonhope says: "♪Lemonhope's family held in Lemongrab's lair."
Lemonhope says: "Saving them will save me, but..."
Lemonhope says: "I am pretty scared."
He walks up to the wall and finds the rope left from the last escape attempt dangling over the ledge. He climbs up and peers over the wall, seeing shackled Lemon People huddled around fires and sleeping in the rain.
Lemonhope says: "Hmm..."
Lemongrab says: "Looking for something?"
Lemongrab says: "Well, you found me, fat Lemongrab."
Lightning strikes. Lemonhope reaches for his harp.
Lemongrab says: "Oh, what's that you've got?"
Lemongrab says: "Ah-ha, your little harp?"
Lemongrab says: "But what's this?"
Lemongrab says: "I've got things in my ears tonight!"
Lemongrab says: "So now I'm invincible!"
Lemongrab 2 says: "Play it, Lemonhope!"
Lemongrab says: "What?"
Lemongrab says: "I—"
Lemongrab says: "speak up, child!"
Lemonhope says: "I didn't say anything."
Lemongrab 2 says: "The harp!"
Lemongrab 2 says: "Hurry!"
Lemongrab 2 says: "I'll take care of the rest!"
Lemongrab says: "What?"
Lemongrab 2 says: "The harp, Lemonhope!"
Lemongrab 2 says: "Play it!"
Lemongrab says: "Oh, the harp!"
Lemongrab says: "Didn't I just explain?"
Lemongrab says: "I've got things in my—"
Lemongrab 2's arms reach out of Lemongrab's mouth and take the corks out.
Several Lemon People chanting "Hope" climb on Lemongrab and hold his arms down.
Lemongrab says: "Let—"
Lemongrab says: "Let me go!"
Lemongrab says: "Let me go!"
Lemongrab 2 says: "The harp, Lemonhope!"
Lemongrab 2 says: "The harp!"
Lemonhope strums his harp.
Lemongrab says: "This sounds awful!"
Lemongrab 2 says: "Faster, Lemonhope!"
Lemonhope plays faster.
Lemongrab 2 says: "Faster, Lemonhope!"
Lemongrab says: "I can't stands no more!"
Lemongrab 2 says: "Faster!"
Lemonhope plays faster still.
Lemongrab says: "AAAAAAAAAAAAAH—"
Lemongrab says: "!"
He suddenly explodes, and bits of lemon rain from the sky, along with Lemonhope, who lands on his head with a thud. In Lemonhope's dream, knocking is heard.
Lemonhope says: "Hmm?"
Knocking.
Lemonhope says: "Coming!"
Knocking continues.
Lemonhope says: "Wait, I'm—"
Lemonhope says: "I'm—"
Lemonhope says: "I'm coming!"
At the top of the steps is a gray door with no knob. He pushes it; it suddenly opens. On the other side is an expanse of water and some clouds.
Lemonhope says: "Hello?"
Lemonhope says: "H—"
Lemonhope says: "Hello?"
He climbs up some more stairs to a bird's nest, where he stares out at the mountains and clouds in the distance. The scene changes to Finn playing his flute.
Princess Bubblegum says: "You know, I was thinking, Lemonhope."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Maybe you'd like to stay here in Lemongrab while Lemongrab recovers."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Every kingdom needs a champion, and you're a true champion if ever I've seen one."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Plus, I already set up a little room for you."
Lemonhope says: "Is he gonna stay like that?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Like what?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, heh, no, no-no-no-no."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Once his brains and bodies remix, he should be back to his lonely old self, which seems to be his only stable relationship model."
Lemongrab 3 says: "Me!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "So will you stay, Lemonhope, and help your people once more?"
Lemonhope says: "Nah, that's okay."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, but I thought..."
Lemonhope says: "I mean, you guys are cool and all, but I mostly came back here so I could stop thinking about y'all all the time."
Lemonhope says: "I'll be back when I'm tired of being free."
Lemonhope says: "See you in a thousand years, I guess."
Lemonhope says: "Peace!"
Finn says: "Wow."
Finn says: "I really thought he was gonna stay."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Me too."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I even wrote a song about it."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hey!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Don't laugh."
Finn says: "Let me hear it!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "No!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "It's terrible."
Finn says: "Come on!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "No!"
Finn says: "Come on!"
Finn says: "Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Gah!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Okay, okay."
As Princess Bubblegum sings "Young Lemonhope," a thousand-year-old Lemonhope walks through what remains of Ooo. He passes the Tree Fort, now taller than the clouds, and the Candy Castle, now in the middle of an abandoned city. He continues walking until he arrives at Castle Lemongrab. He walks through the halls until he finds the room that Princess Bubblegum set up for him. He turns off his bio-suit, gets into the bed, smiles, and closes his eyes.
Episode ends.