Finn and Jake are running towards the Cotton Candy Forest.
Finn says: "Woo!"
Jake says: "Woo!"
Finn says: "woo!"
Jake says: "woo!"
Finn says: "woo!"
Jake says: "woo!"
Enter forest.
Jake says: "I think the swimming hole's right around the corner!"
Finn and Jake arrive at swimming hole.
Finn says: "Yes!"
Finn says: "Woo!"
Finn says: "Woo!"
Jake says: "First one in the water is..."
Jake says: "um..."
Jake says: "first one in the water!"
Jake runs to the swimming hole.
Finn says: "No fair!"
Finn says: "I have to take off my stuff."
Finn's hat lands near a flower and they dive in the water.
Flower goes inside Finn's hat.
Jake says: "Faster, we're getting a swirl!"
Both look at small swirl and fist-bump.
Jake says: "You ready to get out?"
Finn says: "Yeah, dude."
Jake says: "Let's get BMO to make us some sassages."
Jake says: "Maybe with that one mustard?"
Jake says: "I'll use the Sassage Flare."
Jake shoots the Sassage Flare towards the sky which spells "Sassage" in green letters.
Jake says: "Hopefully BMO sees that."
Finn says: "Didn't Lady tell you not to use the Sassage Flare?"
Jake says: "Yeah."
Finn says: "Well, don't abuse it man."
Finn says: "'Cause you're gettin'..."
Jake says: "I'm gettin' what?"
Finn says: "'Cause you're gettin' fat."
Finn's hat glows and comes to life.
Finn says: "Wah!"
Finn says: "Whoa..."
Finn's hat starts chasing Finn.
Finn says: "Hey."
Finn says: "Relax."
Jake says: "Grob, dude!"
Jake says: "You're hat's alive!"
Jake says: "He likes me!"
Finn's hat looks at Jake's head.
Finn says: "It's not my hat."
Finn says: "It's, like, this other thing now."
Jake says: "Yeah, man, hats can be anything: pants, other people."
Jake says: "It's fine!"
Finn says: "Yeah, but it's like, living now."
Jake says: "Yeah, it's a miracle."
Jake says: "Now he can listen to our rad jokes and hang out."
Finn says: "Right."
Finn says: "Maybe it's good he's alive."
Finn says: "You were a rad hat, and now you're a rad..."
Finn says: "little dude."
Finn's hat looks at their heads.
Finn says: "Yo, bro!"
Finn says: "Our eyes are down here."
Finn says: "C'mon little dude."
Finn says: "Let's go live life!"
Little dude jumps, Finn carries it, and laughs.
Finn says: "Yeah!"
Jake says: "Yeah!"
Finn says: "Woo hoo!"
Jake says: "Woo hoo!"
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving comes out of ground and yells.
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "Aaah!!!"
Scene changes to Finn and Jake entering the Tree Fort.
Jake says: "Aw yeah!"
Jake says: "Aw yeah!"
Jake says: "BMO!"
Jake says: "Jakey likes!"
Jake says: "Look at that spread!"
BMO says: "I did it up big time for you!"
BMO says: "Hope ya are hungry!"
Jake says: "Ha ha!"
Jake says: "You know it!"
Finn says: "BMO, this is Little Dude."
BMO says: "Hello!"
Little Dude bites Finn's arm when he sees BMO's head.
Finn says: "Cribes!"
Little Dude runs to the top of BMO's head.
BMO says: "Oh, what?"
BMO says: "Ahh!"
BMO says: "There's hot grease next to us; don't fool around!"
BMO tries to remove Little Dude by hitting it with a spatula and then falls off the stool.
BMO says: "Oh no!"
BMO says: "Get off of me!"
Finn says: "Little Dude, no!"
Finn says: "You don't jump on heads."
Finn says: "That junk is rude, Little Dude!"
Finn says: "You okay, BMO?"
BMO says: "I am fine, Finn."
BMO says: "I just thought you kept better company."
Finn says: "Sorry, BMO, he's just excited."
Finn carries the struggling Little Dude to the table and sits down with him.
Finn says: "Sorry, Little Dude, but I have to eat."
BMO says: "Don't touch anything!"
BMO says: "I'm still frying up garnish!"
Finn says: "Okay."
Jake says: "Yeah, okay."
Jake says: "Your head looks weird with short hair man, heh, heh, it feels like a peach."
Finn says: "Hey, Little Dude, y'all can get in on this if you promise to be good."
Finn says: "Only good babies get sassages."
Little Dude says: "Nyang!"
Little Dude opens his mouth and walks through the sassages, which come out the other side untouched.
Jake says: "Hey, don't eat the—"
Jake says: "the food?"
Finn says: "Dude, he turned it into poo!"
Finn says: "This is poo now—"
Finn says: "smell it!"
Jake says: "Yep."
Finn says: "Little Dude!"
Jake says: "Little Dude!"
Jake says: "Gotcha!"
Finn says: "Oh, little Deezy."
Finn says: "What am I gonna do with you?"
BMO says: "You guys should get ready for bed."
Finn says: "Yeah, okay."
As Finn walks by, BMO spanks Finn.
Finn says: "Oh!"
Jake says: "BMO hit ya on the butt."
Scene cuts to the outside, where Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving is making his way toward the Tree Fort.
Scene cuts back to Finn and Jake, who are in their room putting on their pajamas.
Little Dude says: "Nyang!"
Little Dude says: "Nyang!"
Finn says: "Shhhh."
Finn says: "Little Dude, you gotta chill."
Little Dude says: "Nyang."
Little Dude says: "Nyang."
Little Dude says: "Nyang."
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving crawls past the window on the outside.
Little Dude says: "Nyang."
Finn says: "Jake, wake up."
Finn says: "Someone's on the house!"
Jake says: "Tsk, it's probably Ice King again, dude."
Jake says: "Man, we should tell him we know he sleeps on the top of our house."
Jake says: "Oh."
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving, breathing raggedly, reaches through the broken window and turns the knob to the front door, letting himself in.
Little Dude says: "He-ah-ha."
Finn says: "Ugh."
Finn says: "No, no, no!"
Little Dude crawls up Finn's back to the top of his head and starts to squat on it.
Finn says: "No, not on my head!"
Finn says: "Poo buns!"
Finn says: "Poo buns on my head!"
Finn says: "WAAAAAH!"
Little Dude says: "N-Nyang."
Jake says: "Gross."
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving starts climbing the ladder to where Finn and Jake are.
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving gets onto the floor, but Finn and Jake are nowhere to be found.
Finn and Jake are shown on the ceiling above him. Finn lets go.
Finn says: "Ninja."
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "Eh?"
Finn lands on Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving and Jake shaped like a sumo wrestler does the same.
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "Oooh-hoo-hoo-hoo!"
Finn says: "What are you doing in our house, homey?"
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "Please don't hurt me!"
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "You're in grave danger and it's all my fault!"
Finn says: "Wha?"
Finn says: "What are you talking about?"
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "Your hat accidentally touched my head flower."
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "See?"
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "I buried myself so that nothing would touch my body ever again, but then this bloom grew out of my head."
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "C'est la vie!"
Finn says: "Evil magic donks, homey."
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "I'm sorry, that's just the way my magic works."
Finn says: "Whoa, cool it, man."
Finn says: "Let's just fix Little Dude."
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "Okay."
BMO says: "Guys!"
BMO says: "Your stanky friend jumped out the window and ran toward the Candy Kingdom!"
Scene cuts to the Candy Kingdom, where a Candy Person is walking and whistling. He comes into a dark alley and sees Little Dude.
Cream Puff Gentleman says: "Oh, hello."
Cream Puff Gentleman says: "Aren't you a cutie!"
Cream Puff Gentleman says: "Hey, are you lost, tiny gentleman?"
Little Dude says: "Nyang!"
The Candy Person transforms into a muscular guy with glowing green eyes.
Cream Puff Gentleman says: "Nyang, nyang!"
Cream Puff Gentleman says: "Nyang, nyang!"
Scene cuts to Finn, Jake, and Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving running into the Candy Kingdom.
Jake says: "Where is he?!"
Jake says: "!"
Finn says: "Little Dude!"
Finn says: "Little Dude!"
Little Dude says: "Nyang."
Candy Sheriff says: "Blisterin' beef!"
Cream Puff Gentleman throws it at him, knocking him into a building across the street. Cream Puff Gentleman then rams the building, causing it to crumble.
Cream Puff Gentleman says: "Nyang-nyang-nyang-nyang-nyang-nyang!"
Finn says: "No, Little Dude!"
Cream Puff Gentleman says: "Nyang?"
Finn says: "That's a bad Little Dude!"
Cream Puff Gentleman says: "Nyang!"
Finn and Jake duck.
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "Aaah, horsey!"
The horse collides with his face, knocking him on his back.
Finn and Jake run toward him and jump on him.
Finn says: "Little Dude!"
Finn says: "You were supposed to be my buddy!"
Cream Puff Gentleman punches Finn, sending him sliding across the ground toward a cart of oranges. Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving emerges from under the oranges.
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "All my fault."
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "All my fault!"
Cream Puff Gentleman throws Jake off of him toward Finn and Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving.
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "Oh, gleeble snoots!"
Finn says: "How is he so strong?"
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "Whomever the hat possesses gains the proportional strength of a hat!"
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "Look out!"
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "He's got the horse again!"
Cream Puff Gentleman throws the horse at the building behind them. The horse blasts its way through the other side and hits one of the Gumball Guardians.
Gumball Guardian says: "Evil presence detected!"
Cream Puff Gentleman continues punching Jake while stepping on Finn. Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving is cowering nearby.
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "Sorry, fellas."
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "I don't thrive in conflict situations!"
Cream Puff Gentleman starts stretching Jake.
Jake says: "Ow."
The Gumball Guardian arrives.
Gumball Guardian says: "Evil."
Cream Puff Gentleman says: "Nyang?"
Cream Puff Gentleman says: "Nyang."
Little Dude hops off of Cream Puff Gentleman and starts climbing the Gumball Guardian.
Finn says: "No!"
Finn says: "Not the Gumball Guardian!"
Gumball Guardian says: "Evil."
Little Dude says: "Nya-hang!"
The Gumball Guardian's eyes are now glowing green.
Gumball Guardian says: "Na-yang!"
Jake says: "Dude, use your powers!"
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "I can't!"
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "All I can do is think about my papa and how much I disappoint him!"
The Gumball Guardian shoots a type of laser at a different area of the Candy Kingdom, causing a huge explosion.
Jake says: "Just think of something positive!"
Jake says: "Something comforting!"
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "Like..."
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "my mommy?"
Jake says: "Uh, yeah."
Jake says: "Just think about your mom and use your magic."
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "O-Okay, let's try this."
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "I..."
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "love my mommy?"
The tree comes to life and sprouts arms and legs.
Tree says: "Hugs."
Tree says: "Aw, I-I'll hug you."
Tree says: "I'll hug you."
Tree says: "Hug me."
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "I love my mommy!"
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "I love my mommy!"
A bush, a lamppost, and a wheel come alive.
Bush says: "Hi, friends!"
Wheel says: "I love bein' alive!"
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "Mommy!"
Window says: "I'm a window and I'll hug you!"
Apples says: "Ditto about hugging y'all!"
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "Mommy!"
Pants says: "Ha-ha!"
Pants says: "I feel like huggin' everybody!"
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "Hi, Mommy!"
Building says: "I'm going to hug you."
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "Mommy."
The pajamas slip off of Finn.
Pajamas says: "Heh, somebody..."
Pajamas says: "get this guy some clothes!"
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "Now—"
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "now rise up, love buddies,  and hug your gross brother into submission!"
Love Buddies says: "Gonna squeeze the heck out of him!"
Love Buddies says: "I love that guy."
Gumball Guardian says: "Nya-a-a-ang!"
The Love Buddies climb the Gumball Guardian.
Pajamas says: "Come on, let's be pal-jamsas."
Pajamas says: "P-Pal-jamas."
Pajamas says: "Pajamas."
The pajamas pull Little Dude off of the Gumball Guardian's head, who stops shooting lasers.
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "Thank you, my newly conscious bros."
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "Now return your life forces to me."
Pajamas says: "I loved every minute!"
Wheel says: "Yay!"
Wheel says: "Not living!"
Little Dude says: "Nyang, nyang."
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "Ymmom!"
The Love Buddies fall to the ground, lifeless.
Cream Puff Gentleman says: "Huh?"
Finn says: "Poor Little Dude."
Finn says: "He was just doin' it up the only way he knew how."
Finn says: "It's not his fault he was created evil."
Jake says: "Yeah."
Jake says: "He deserves to come back good."
Finn says: "Wizard, Mommy-magic this dude back to life."
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "Okay!"
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "Mommy."
Hat says: "Oh, my goodness!"
Hat says: "What is this lovely place?"
Jake says: "Life, man!"
Hat says: "I see."
Finn says: "And this dude  is your pops."
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "No, I-I, ooh—"
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "I guess I am."
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "Huh."
Finn says: "Be good to this dude."
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "I will."
Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving says: "Way better than my papa was to me."
Finn says: "Yup, that's the idea."
Finn says: "Jake, looks like I need a new hat."
Jake says: "Okay."
Jake says: "Let's go skin an evil bear."
Finn and Jake walk off as Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving hugs the hat.
Episode ends.