The episode begins in the Tree Fort, where Finn, Jake, and BMO are recording something next to a shower curtain.
Jake says: "If I hear another peep, there's gonna be trouble!"
Jake says: "Final warning."
Jake says: "Okay, go ahead, BMO."
BMO hits a button, causing some music to play.
Jake says: "Okay, welcome back to the program."
Jake says: "We're talkin' with our special guest, Finn the Human."
Finn says: "Hello."
BMO hits a button, making an applause sound effect.
Jake says: "Now, Finn, before the break, you were sayin' somethin' interesting—"
Jake says: "that you're gettin' outta the romance biz."
Jake says: "So, what happened?"
Finn says: "Well, I don't want to bore your listeners..."
BMO plays applause sound effect.
Finn says: "But let's just say the time has come to stop dating princesses..."
Finn says: "and return to savin' 'em."
Jake says: "And you're not just sayin' that to, uh—"
Jake says: "make yourself seem more attractive?"
Finn says: "Yeah, of course."
Finn says: "No games goin' on here."
Knocking continues.
Jake says: "Hold on, hold on."
Jake says: "What's that noise?"
BMO says: "I think someone's knocking at the door."
Jake says: "Can you see who it is?"
BMO says: "Yes, Jake."
Jake says: "So, it's goin' pretty good, huh?"
Finn says: "Yeah, but maybe we should stop talking about this "love" junk and get back to adventuring."
Slime Princess says: "Finn!"
Slime Princess says: "Jake!"
Slime Princess says: "I need your help; it's an emergency!"
Finn says: "Now we're talkin'!"
Finn says: "Don't cry, Slime Princess."
Finn says: "We're at your service."
Slime Princess says: "I need Finn to marry me."
Finn's mouth opens as BMO plays a bleating sound effect.
Finn says: "I'm sorry, SP, but I've given up the dating scene."
Slime Princess says: "You don't understand."
Slime Princess says: "If I don't get a husband, I'll lose my kingdom."
Ice King says: "I'll do it!"
Jake says: "What did I tell you?!"
Jake says: "!"
Ice King puts the shower curtain back, and BMO plays a laugh track.
Slime Princess says: "Please let me explain."
Flashback begins.
Slime Princess says: "Recently, my much hotter younger sister, Blargetha, married a Slime rogue named Guillermo."
Slime Princess says: "As a result, Elder Plops decreed that if I was not married by tomorrow, rule of the Slime Kingdom would pass to my sister..."
Flashback ends.
Slime Princess says: "..."
Slime Princess says: "which I'd be, like, totally fine with..."
Flashback resumes.
Slime Princess says: "Except, I recently discovered they are both evil."
Slime Princess says: "Evil to the core!"
Flashback ends.
Jake says: "Ew."
Slime Princess says: "Finn, this will happen unless someone marries me."
Finn says: "No."
Jake says: "Hmm!"
Ice King replaces the curtain.
Slime Princess says: "Please, Finn."
Slime Princess says: "I know I've crushed on you in the past, but I have no intention of locking this down."
Slime Princess says: "Our marriage will be in name only."
Finn says: "Hmmm..."
They leave the Tree Fort.
Jake says: "Aw, who ate all my popcorn?"
Scene cuts back to the Tree Fort.
Ice King says: "You call this a room?"
Ice King says: "There's not even a window."
Ice King says: "Oh, wait."
Ice King says: "Are we rolling?"
Scene cuts back to Finn and Jake, who are walking through the Bad Lands. Jake has shrunken himself and is sitting on Finn's shoulder.
Jake says: "Alright, now it might."
Slime Princess says: "We're here."
Slime Princess says: "Welcome to my little oasis in the wasteland."
Jake says: "Oasis?"
Jake says: "More like, "No way, sis!"
Slime Princess and Finn walk into the slime, and they begin to sink.
Finn says: "Huh?"
They drop down into the Slime Kingdom, covered in a coat of slime.
Finn says: "Whoa!"
Finn says: "This is amazing!"
Finn says: "You okay, buddy?"
Jake says: "You could say I got out of there  in the "lick" of time."
Jake says: "Zing!"
Slime Princess says: "Quickly."
Slime Princess says: "We're already late."
Slime Princess says: "This is the most important place in the kingdom."
Finn says: "The royal palace?"
Slime Princess says: "No, it's where me and all my main splurts hang out."
Slime Princess says: "Hi, girls!"
Slime People says: "Hi!"
Tree Trunks and Mr. Pig are dancing nearby.
Finn says: "Tree Trunks and Mr."
Finn says: "Pig, what are you doing here?"
Tree Trunks says: "Oh, we always come here when we want to shake it, Finn."
Tree Trunks says: "It's the only triple cray-rated disco in all of Ooo."
Finn, Jake, and Slime Princess enter another building. Finn dries his hair after removing the slime.
Slime Princess says: "Get your face pretty, Finn."
Slime Princess says: "My people are already assembled in the courtyard."
Slime Princess says: "Greetings, loyal slimejects!"
Slime Princess says: "I would like to introduce my new husband,  Finn the Human!"
Slime Princess says: "What did I tell you?"
Slime Princess says: "Piece of cake."
Blargetha says: "Attention, my loyal slimejects!"
On a balcony on the opposite side of the room, Blargetha appears.
Slime Princess says: "And that's the mysterious Guillermo."
Slime Princess says: "He hails from a faraway, much more somber Slime Kingdom where people have strange customs and no love in their eyes."
Slime Princess says: "Their discos aren't even rated one cray."
Blargetha says: "My husband would like to say something."
Blargetha says: "And, uh, he would, too, if not for his extremely sore throat."
Blargetha says: "So I will say it for him."
Blargetha says: "We challenge you to the Trials of Glarb."
Slime Princess says: "I object!"
Slime Princess says: "Ancient traditions such as the Trials of Glarb are no longer relevant in our modern self-indulgent society."
Elder Plops says: "Order, order!"
Elder Plops says: "I demand order."
Elder Plops says: "I, Elder Plops, being the coolest guy in the room, will settle this dispute."
Elder Plops says: "The matter will be settled on the battleground..."
Finn says: "Alright!"
Elder Plops says: "..."
Elder Plops says: "the battleground of love."
Finn says: "Aw."
Elder Plops says: "The couple that I deem most truly in love shall rule the Slime Kingdom for life."
Jake says: "This is, like, the opposite of what you wanted."
Scene cuts to the four contestants and Elder Plops standing on a dock with two swan boats in a lagoon.
Elder Plops says: "Welcome to the Trials of Glarb, hosted by me, Elder Plops."
Elder Plops says: "The first trial will be Crooning."
Elder Plops says: "You guys are gonna get into these sweet boats I made and croon for each other on the lake."
Elder Plops says: "The most loving and heartfelt song, judged by me, Elder Plops, will win."
Finn and Slime Princess climb into a boat.
Elder Plops says: "I really want to hear some emotional song work here."
Elder Plops says: "The people want to hear emotional stuff."
Elder Plops says: "So let's see some stuff, alright?"
The contestants row their boats out into the lake.
Slime Princess says: "Okay, Finn, you can do it."
Finn says: "I don't know."
Finn says: "I'm still jacked up over my lady biz."
Slime Princess says: "Well, just lose yourself in your own mind and go numb."
Slime Princess says: "Then let it all out."
Finn says: "Eh."
Finn says: "Why can't I get over you?"
Elder Plops says: "Finn, way to go."
Elder Plops says: "I could tell the people were really impressed."
Elder Plops says: "Guillermo, you're up."
Blargetha says: "Hmm?"
Blargetha says: "Okay, Guillermo."
Blargetha says: "I'll ask, I'll ask."
Blargetha says: "Uh, Guillermo still has a sore throat!"
Blargetha says: "Uh, may I sing on, uh, his behalf?"
Elder Plops says: "Elder Plops thinks that's okay."
Blargetha says: "♪I want to touch your hand with my hand."
Blargetha says: "I want to rub your cheek with my cheek."
Blargetha says: "Maybe later we can get "Do not disturb."
Blargetha says: ""♪ I'm done!"
Elder Plops says: "As Elder Plops, I have heard many songs in my life, and I can only say this..."
Elder Plops says: "Finn, you win this one."
Slime People says: "Hooray!"
Finn says: "Whoo!"
Slime Princess says: "Yes!"
Scene cuts to a room with some objects hidden under sheets.
Elder Plops says: "Welcome, everyone, to our second trial..."
Elder Plops says: "Spooning."
Elder Plops says: "When I say go, the big spoon will put his arm around the little spoon and cuddle."
Elder Plops says: "I will be watching you spoon, measuring and assessing your love by posture and overall vibe."
Elder Plops says: "The best cuddle, or spoon, wins."
Finn says: "Wait, what?!"
Finn says: "!"
Elder Plops says: "Spooners, get in your futons."
The contestants climb onto the mattresses.
Finn says: "Uh, I don't feel good about this."
Elder Plops says: "Ready, set..."
Blargetha grabs Guillermo's hand.
Elder Plops says: "Spoon!"
Blargetha squishes herself against Guillermo.
Finn says: "No, wait."
Finn says: "I don't wanna do this."
Slime Princess says: "Wrap those gorgeous pythons around me!"
Slime Princess chases Finn around on the mattress.
Finn says: "No!"
Finn says: "This feels weird!"
Slime Princess says: "Come on, Finn, they're crushing us!"
Blargetha says: "Huh!"
Blargetha says: "Huh!"
Blargetha says: "Huh!"
Elder Plops says: "Blargetha and Guillermo, very nice."
He looks over to Finn and Slime Princess, who is chasing him around on the mattress.
Finn says: "Nooooooooooooooooo!"
Elder Plops says: "Yeesh."
Elder Plops says: "Alright, everyone, stop."
Elder Plops says: "I've seen enough."
Elder Plops says: "Blargetha and Guillermo's love was way-off-the-charts good."
Elder Plops says: "They win."
Blargetha says: "Yes!"
Blargetha says: "I love you, baby."
Blargetha says: "You spoon so good!"
Slime Princess says: "No!"
Elder Plops says: "The score is tied."
Elder Plops says: "There's one more trial after Spooning and Crooning: Smooching."
Elder Plops says: "I'm sorry it doesn't rhyme with Crooning and Spooning."
Elder Plops says: "We will begin our next trial on the morrow!"
Scene cuts to Finn, Jake, and Slime Princess in her room.
Slime Princess says: "This is not going well."
Finn says: "I'm sorry, Slime Princess."
Finn says: "I'm just gonna mess this next trial up."
Slime Princess says: "Is it because you haven't done much kissing?"
Slime Princess says: "You don't have to be embarrassed by your innocence."
Finn says: "Pretending to be in love is making me sad."
Finn says: "It makes me think about Flame Princess."
Slime Princess says: "What If I pretend to be your ex?"
Finn says: "That's worse, I think."
Slime Princess says: "Well, it looks like I'm losing my kingdom to the forces of evil."
Slime Princess says: "Mmmm."
Finn says: "Bunk this."
Slime Princess says: "Wait!"
Slime Princess says: "Where are you going?"
Finn says: "I'm going to punch Guillermo in his stupid face until he agrees to leave the kingdom."
Slime Princess says: "I want to come!"
Finn slides to Blargetha's room and knocks on the door.
Finn says: "Hey, Guillermo!"
Finn says: "Can you come out here for a..."
Finn says: "quick meeting?"
Jake says: "More like a quick beating!"
Jake says: "Hey-oh!"
Blargetha says: "He says "Eat a fat dollop and buzz off!"
Finn kicks open the door. They see Blargetha walking into another room with Guillermo. Finn runs after them.
Slime Princess says: "Blargetha!"
The room is filled with dozens of slime tanks.
Blargetha says: "Finn, you shouldn't break in to a woman's room."
A tank fires a blob of slime at Finn but misses.
Finn says: "Hyah!"
Finn says: "Everyone okay?"
Jake says: "Yes."
Jake says: ""Tank" you."
Another tank fires a blob. Finn dodges it, climbs on top of the tank, and kicks off the hatch.
Finn says: "Huah!"
Blargetha says: "Huh?"
Finn says: "Guillermo!"
Finn says: "Huh?"
Finn says: "These are olives."
Blargetha says: "Uh-oh."
Slime Princess says: "Blargetha, why would you make a fake husband?"
Slime Princess says: "You're so hot."
Blargetha says: "You don't know how hard it is to be this hot."
Blargetha says: "Women don't want to talk to you, because they're intimidated, and guys don't want to talk to you, because they're too scared."
Blargetha says: "You're alone in the hottest, most sexiest prison."
Blargetha says: "So I stuck some olives in a glob of gelatin and called it my lover."
Finn says: "Well, I'm sorry, Blargetha, but you're going to have to spend more time in your metaphorical prison in a real prison 'cause what you're doing is illegal."
Slime Princess says: "Uh, no, it just disqualifies her from challenging me."
Finn says: "Whoops."
Scene cuts to the balcony above a crowd of Slime People.
Elder Plops says: "By the authority of Elder Plops,  you are still the Slime princess."
Slime People says: "Kiss!"
Slime People says: "Kiss!"
Slime People says: "Kiss!"
Slime People says: "Kiss!"
Slime Princess says: "Finn, what do you think?"
Finn says: "I don't want to disappoint all these people."
They prepare to kiss, but Slime Princess gags and vomits.
Slime Princess says: "I'm sorry!"
Slime Princess says: "I can't do it!"
Elder Plops taps his scepter.
Episode ends.