The episode begins on a dismal-looking day at Princess Bubblegum's castle where she, Finn, and Jake are meditating.
Jake says: "Ommmmm..."
Finn says: "Jake!"
Finn says: "What am I supposed to be meditatin' about?"
Jake says: "Don't know."
Jake says: "I'm thinking of pillows stuffed with spaghetti."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Clear your minds."
The three inhale deeply. Finn exhales; his thought bubble shows himself as a heroic adult. Jake exhales. His thought bubble shows Lady Rainicorn riding a horse. Princess Bubblegum exhales. Her thought bubble shows the Lich muttering in front of flames chanting quietly. She gasps.
Princess Bubblegum says: "I have to go check on something!"
Finn says: "Can we go with?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Perhaps you are ready to go with."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Pull back your hat."
Finn does so. Princess Bubblegum puts the jewelry on Finn's head. A protective sphere appears around his head. She puts the jewelry on Jake; the same happens.
Jake says: "Neat!"
Princess Bubblegum rubs the gem on her crown; a protective sphere appears around her head as well.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Stay close to me."
Finn says: "Whoa!"
The bubble rises to the canopy of the castle tree.
Princess Bubblegum says: "At the heart of this tree is an ancient evil, held in a prison of amber—"
Princess Bubblegum says: "the Lich."
Mysterious chanting is heard.
Finn says: "What's that sound?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "He's casting spells—"
Princess Bubblegum says: "trying to get in your head and control your bod..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "but these gems are protecting our minds from his influence."
Princess Bubblegum says: "If we lost the gems, we'd be defenseless."
Princess Bubblegum says: "He would have full control over us."
Finn says: "That's freakin' nuts!"
The snail looks at the Lich and suddenly becomes hypnotized. The snail crawls towards the Lich while Princess Bubblegum speaks.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Beyond Iceberg Lake lies the ruins of the Lich's tower, where he was converting the planet's life force into unholy power to destroy all of Ooo..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "but before he could, the Legendary Billy attacked him and pummeled him into the resin of this tree."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I—"
Princess Bubblegum says: "WHAT THE NUTS?!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "!"
Finn and Jake turn and gasp. The Lich is right there, lying on the ground, looking at the trio.
What the Nuts song begins.
Finn says: "Dude, be a big sword!"
Jake says: "Oh, okay!"
Jake says: "I'll try!"
Jake more or less takes on a sword shape. Finn grabs him and uses him to attack the Lich. The Lich turns into dark energy and escapes through the wall.
Princess Bubblegum says: "The Gauntlet of the Hero."
Voice says: "BIIILLYYYYYYY!!!"
Jake says: "Billy's big ol' beef fingers!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn, you have but one chance."
Princess Bubblegum says: "While the Lich isn't at full power, you must smite him with this gauntlet!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "If you fail..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "he'll kill everyone."
Finn says: "No."
Finn says: "That will not happen."
Princess Bubblegum smiles and blushes.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, and there's something else that I want you to have."
Princess Bubblegum says: "The Lich's lair is supposed to be cold."
Princess Bubblegum says: "..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I just don't want you to get sick."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I'm not great at knitting, but please wear it."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I care about you, Finn."
Finn dons the sweater.
Finn says: "I love it."
Princess Bubblegum comes over and holds Finn. Finn responds by hugging her.
Jake says: "Me, too!"
Jake makes it a group hug. Suddenly, the window seal shakes and opens. The three gasp.
Ice King says: "So..."
Ice King says: "I've been thinking about this a lot lately and, well, uh..."
Ice King says: "phew, gosh, I'm so nervous..."
Ice King says: "Finn, and Jake, will you give me your blessings so I can marry Princess Bubblegum?"
Jake says: "What is wrong with you?!"
Jake says: "!"
Ice King says: "Not the latch!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Quickly now, Finn!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Track the Lich by his trail of death."
Finn says: "Here I go!"
Jake says: "Here I go!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Be safe!"
The two exit. The scene shifts to outside where the two are hurrying towards their destination.
Jake says: "This is our first fate-of-the-world deal!"
Finn says: "Yeah, man!"
Finn says: "We gotta shut this fool down hardcore!"
Jake says: "Running this fast makes my stomach hurt!"
Finn says: "Run through it, man!"
Finn says: "We gotta get beyond Iceberg Lake before the Lich!"
Finn runs into Ice King. They both tumble down.
Ice King says: "Oh, my!"
Ice King says: "How clumsy of me!"
Finn says: "What the heck, Ice King?!"
Finn says: "!"
Finn pushes Ice King out of the way and the duo keeps running.
Ice King says: "Hey, wait, you guys!"
Ice King says: "I'm serious about Bubblegum!"
Ice King says: "Look, I wrote her name all over my arms and legs!"
Finn says: "Yugh!"
Jake says: "Yugh!"
They keep running.
Ice King says: "Guys!"
Ice King says: "It's not fair!"
Ice King says: "She always hangs out with you, and it's not like you wanna marry her!"
Ice King says: "Whoa!"
Ice King says: "Hmm?"
Ice King says: "You like this?"
Finn says: "No!"
Ice King says: "Oh, come on!"
Ice King says: "If you bless our wedding, then maybe she'll really love me."
Finn says: "Ice King, go away, man."
Ice King says: "I will!"
Ice King says: "When you bless our wedding!"
Finn says: "No thanks, guy."
Finn says: "Hmm?"
Finn says: "How does this gauntlet  work?!"
Finn says: "!"
The gauntlet activates, shooting a laser.
Jake says: "Whoa!"
Finn flails it around uncontrollably. Ice King ducks to avoid being cut in two.
Finn says: "I can't turn it off!"
Jake says: "Punch it in the eye!"
Finn does so. It makes an angry face as its eye waters.
Finn says: "Phew!"
Jake says: "Let's blow this stand!"
The duo leaves.
Ice King says: "I tried to do this right, but you've driven me to this—"
Ice King says: "driven me to bad doing."
Back at the Candy Castle.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, Finn and Jake, please be okay."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Please be okay..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "please be okay..."
A card partially comes through the window seal and nudges the latch.
Ice King says: "Eh..."
Ice King says: "stupid thing..."
Ice King says: "come on..."
Ice King says: "eh..."
He finally opens the window.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Ice King?!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Get outta here!!"
Ice King says: "I didn't want to do this, but by not blessing our wedding, Finn and Jake have forced me to kidnap you."
Ice King cuffs her with ice.
Princess Bubblegum says: "That's insane!"
Ice King says: "I know!"
Ice King says: "But I'll show them..."
Ice King says: "I'll show them how they've hurt us!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "NO!!"
Over at Iceberg Lake.
Jake says: "There!"
Jake says: "Out over the lake!"
The Lich is seen in the lake. A trail of dead aquatic life is behind him. He emerges from the lake to fly.
Finn says: "After his butt!"
Jake says: "I'm your dingy dog!"
Jake goes over the lake with Finn riding him. Finn imitates a motorboat.
Finn says: "Here!"
Finn says: "I'll help paddle!"
Finn says: "Aw, come on."
Finn says: "I'm sorry I punched you in the ball."
Finn kisses it. The gauntlet activates, and they move much faster across the lake in hot pursuit of the Lich.
Jake says: "Waaaah!"
Finn says: "Ah, yeah, haha!"
Finn says: "Closing in..."
Finn says: "Gonna get you, man!"
Finn says: "Closer..."
Finn says: "closer..."
Ice King and Princess Bubblegum fly in front of the heroes.
Ice King says: "Ah!"
Finn says: "PRINCESS?!"
Finn says: "!"
Finn says: "NO!"
Finn blasts the water, propelling himself and Jake high into the air.
Ice King says: "Oh, no."
Ice King says: "Oh, gross."
Ice King says: "This water stinks."
Finn and Jake make it to the lake shore.
Finn says: "ICE KING!!"
Ice King says: "Look!"
Ice King says: "Look what you've made me do to her!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Guys!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Don't let the Lich reach his well of power!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, no!!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "He's made it!!"
Finn says: "Don't worry, Princess!"
Finn and Jake run towards the site of the explosion and enter an old subway station emitting ghostly green gases.
Ice King says: "Hey, where're you guys goin'?"
Ice King says: "What's goin' on?"
At the station, Finn and Jake are greeted by Skeletal Guards  possessed by the Lich. Finn blasts them all with the gauntlet.
Finn says: "I don't have time for this!"
Jake says: "Then let's go!"
Skeletons rise up behind Finn and grab his pack, ripping it open.
Finn says: "My pack!!"
Jake says: "It's okay!"
Finn runs. Suddenly, a big skeleton rises under his feet. Finn blasts it, accidentally blowing a hole in the ground, which he and Jake fall down. "Waaaah!!".
Above the station.
Back in the station.
Finn and Jake scream as they fall. Finn grabs onto a pipe using the gauntlet. He and Jake gently reach the ground. Muttering is heard.
Finn says: "The Lich!"
The Lich puts his hands into the well of power.
Jake says: "He's gettin' his powers back!"
Jake says: "Weird!"
Finn says: "No!"
Finn says: "Prepare thyself..."
Finn says: "to get smote in the name of Bubblegum!!"
The Lich effortlessly gets a hold of Finn.
The Lich says: "Shhhh..."
The gauntlet gets destroyed. Finn adopts a look of shock. The Lich throws the two to the far side of the well.
Jake says: "Look out!!"
Jake says: "That's it!"
Jake says: "I'm gonna bark 'im!"
With Finn on his back, he stretches towards and angrily barks like a common dog in front of the Lich. The Lich simply burns his face with green fire. Finn, says, "Whoa!" Princess Bubblegum screams. Jake grunts as he collapses on top of Finn, accidentally banging Finn's head on the floor, smashing the protective jewelry.
The Lich says: "Finn..."
Finn says: "Oh, no."
Finn becomes half-possessed.
The Lich says: "Finn..."
The Lich says: "Come..."
Finn barely goes forward before stopping himself.
Finn says: "STOP!!!"
The Lich says: "Aren't you cold..."
The Lich says: "Finn..."
The Lich says: "?"
The Lich says: "Walk into the well..."
The Lich says: "Finn..."
The Lich says: "Aren't you cold..."
The Lich says: "?"
Finn barely keeps himself from going in.
Finn says: "NO, I'M NOT!!"
Finn says: "I'VE GOT A SWEATER ON!!"
The Lich says: "You are a joke to me!!"
Finn flinches as the green fire touches him. After a moment, he realizes it's not hurting him. The Lich stops.
Finn says: "This sweater..."
Finn says: "It's keeping me safe!"
Princess Bubblegum's voice says: "I care about you, Finn..."
Finn says: "This is it."
Finn says: "The ultimate weapon against evil—"
Finn says: "the power of..."
Finn says: "l-l-l-l..."
Finn says: "llliking someone a lot."
Finn says: "LICH!!!"
Finn bravely goes up to the Lich and stuffs the sweater into his eye sockets. Finn tugs the sweater and the Lich wails in pain, thrashing about and bumping the walls. Princess Bubblegum and Ice King watch in astonishment. The Lich eventually laughs maniacally as Finn tugs the sweater, ripping the Lich's head apart, seemingly destroying him. Finn falls to the ground.
Jake says: "Finn!!"
Jake says: "Buddy!!"
Jake pats Finn repeatedly.
Finn says: "Jake!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, Finn..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "you did it!"
Ice King says: "We did?"
Ice King says: "Hey, yeah, we did it!!"
Ice King says: "Oh, you guys!"
Ice King says: "This experience has brought us all so much closer together!"
Ice King says: "Princess, I'm sorry for all of this."
Ice King says: "I love you, and I've decided to set you free."
Ice King says: "Go free!!"
Ice King maladroitly drops Princess Bubblegum into the Lich's well. Finn and Jake gasp in horror as Princess Bubblegum sinks below the surface, only her arm remaining above.
Ice King says: "Uh..."
Ice King says: "Whoops, I've got the dropsies!"
Finn and Jake stare in shock. Ice King stares awkwardly. Iris out.