The episode begins with a fade-in sequence with Shelby sleeping on Tree Trunks' head. Tree Trunks nudges Shelby with her trunk.
Tree Trunks says: "Shelby."
Tree Trunks says: "Shelby, wake up."
Shelby says: "Where am I?"
Shelby says: "Tree Trunks, what's going on?!"
Shelby says: "!"
Tree Trunks says: "Uh, you've been snoozing on my dome."
Tree Trunks says: "I just woke up in this room with these fellas: Nectar, Ice Cream, and one of the Lemoncarbs."
Neptr starts rubbing Ice King's beard, while Lemongrab is still sleeping, but then wakes up.
Lemongrab says: "Awake."
Lemongrab says: "Avast, hold tight your buns, if buns you do hold dear; for time has come to wake and run and not give way to fear!"
Tree Trunks says: "What are those awful words?"
Lemongrab says: "They are wall words."
Tree Trunks says: "Beyond this room are a thousand rooms, outside of them still more."
Shelby says: "Behind each door, on every floor, danger, danger, ever more."
Neptr says: "Stranger, hark!"
Neptr says: "The traps galore may kill you whilst you do explore."
Ice King says: "Huh?"
Ice King says: "Oh."
Ice King says: "Now where were we?"
Ice King says: "To free yourself from this tomb, and nevermore re-enter, find the room amidst the rooms that lies exactly center?"
The wall starts glowing red which then reveals a map.
Shelby says: "It's a map!"
Lemongrab says: "I no longer need this map."
Lemongrab says: "I have infallible recall."
The walls starts to close in on the gang.
Tree Trunks says: "Oh!"
Tree Trunks says: "The room is trying to hug us!"
Tree Trunks says: "Oh no!"
Ice King says: "Oh, dag."
Neptr says: "Check out my mods, bro."
Lemongrab says: "Enough of this!"
Ice King says: "Huh?"
Ice King says: "This room doesn't have any doors."
Tree Trunks says: "W- We're trapped!"
Lemongrab says: "This is wrong."
Lemongrab says: "The map lied to me-e."
Lemongrab says: "It doesn't want me to find the EXIT!"
Lemongrab says: "Ice King, h-how do you taste?"
Ice King says: "Uh, nice, I guess?"
Lemongrab says: "Mild or SPICY?!"
Lemongrab says: "!"
Ice King says: "Oh, uh -  Kinda lonely."
Lemongrab says: "Make yourself into food!"
Lemongrab says: "Now!"
Ice King says: "You're going to eat me?"
Ice King says: "Yeah, right."
Neptr says: "Slop your mouths up."
Neptr says: "I have found an oven and baking supplies."
Tree Trunks says: "I can make an apple pie for all of us."
Lemongrab says: "Make them fast, servile."
Tree Trunks says: "If you want a taste of my juicy apple pie you better be nice."
Tree Trunks says: "You got that?"
Lemongrab says: "I am sorry."
Lemongrab says: "Make pies, slave."
Tree Trunks says: "Okay, that's better, now let's see about this pie business."
After some time, Tree Trunks finishes baking the apple pie.
Tree Trunks says: "All right, gentlemen."
Tree Trunks says: "Have a look at my luscious, gooey apple pie."
The guys sniff the freshly baked apple pie with delight. The scent leads into a rat's home and attracts the large rat. The rat jumps through the door to eat the pie.
Lemongrab says: "No!"
Lemongrab says: "Acceptable."
Shelby says: "Uh, Lemongrab?"
Lemongrab says: "WHAT?!"
Lemongrab says: "!"
Shelby says: "Never mind."
Ice King says: "Come on, you guys."
Ice King says: "That mouse showed us the room door."
The gang starts crawling through the cave.
Ice King says: "Say, you know what's weird?"
Neptr says: "What, Papi?"
Ice King says: "Well, isn't it weird how Tree Trunks' ability to make pies is specifically what helped us escape from that room?"
Neptr says: "I make pies, too, Papi."
Ice King says: "Right, yeah, like, battery pies or summin'?"
Neptr says: "No."
Neptr says: "Real pies."
Neptr says: "Don't you remember?"
Ice King says: "Hey!"
Ice King says: "Look, another room!"
They enter a burgundy-brown, steam-filled room with a pool and an exit on the other side.
Ice King says: "Good grief, it's humid in here."
Lemongrab says: "That door will lead us closer to the exit!"
Ice King says: "Hold up, hold up!"
Ice King says: "There has to be a way to get across without that thing chompin' our WOO-HOOS!"
Neptr says: "Can't you fly us across, Papi?"
Ice King says: "Oh yeah, I can sure try."
The Ice King reaches up with his arms as he groans. He falls down right after.
Ice King says: "Nggh!"
Ice King says: "Aw dang, this heat is negating my powers!"
Ice King says: "Can't do nothin' with this steam coming off the water."
The monster hisses at them as its head reaches above the water; the gang flinches.
Ice King says: "NGH, glob!"
Ice King says: "Fah!"
Ice King says: "Well, that's it."
Ice King says: "Show's over."
Ice King says: "I'll just die here and y'all can eat my body if you want to survive."
Lemongrab extends his mouth open by his jaw, revealing his sharp teeth.
Tree Trunks says: "Golly, how we ever gonna worm our way out of this..."
Tree Trunks says: "fishy situation?"
Shelby says: "I think I have an idea."
The scene cuts to Tree Trunks holding a knife in her mouth, being tied around her stomach with the bottom half of Ice King's robe. There is a hook above Tree Trunks that the stretched cloth is on, making it possible for Tree Trunks to hang over the monster. Ice King is seen pulling on the cloth, that's actually still attached to his robe.
Shelby says: "That's a girl, Tree Trunks!"
Shelby says: "You can do it!"
Ice King lowers Tree Trunks, making her closer to the water.
Shelby says: "This is gonna work out just fine."
Tree Trunks is half submerged in the water, looking nervous.
Tree Trunks says: "Oh, that's warm on my undercarriage."
The fish monster quickly reaches above water and opens its mouth, and closes it fast when Tree Trunks was inside. Ice King groans as he pulls the cloth.
Ice King says: "H-help me guys!"
Neptr says: "Yes, Papi!"
Ice King says: "NNGH!"
Ice King says: "Lemongrab, c'mon!"
Lemongrab groans lazily, and his arm reaches the cloth, but the Ice King falls, the cloth falling with him before Lemongrab can even hold it. The plug that was chained to the fish's tail unplugs, draining the water. The Ice King falls backwards, and the fish lands on its back. A knife pokes through from the inside, creates a line and Tree Trunks pops her head out of the fish's body.
Tree Trunks says: "Bleh!"
Tree Trunks says: "Wow, that was heavy, man."
They cheer for Tree Trunks.
Tree Trunks says: "Aw yeah, I've been reborn!"
Neptr says: "Look!"
Tree Trunks says: "Let's go then!"
They all exit the room, a wall closing the door from the top of the frame. The Ice King looks around in the room they entered, and is slapped by a maroon tentacle.
Neptr says: "Papi, no!"
Neptr says: "Ouchies!"
A three-eyed tentacle monster hisses at them.
Lemongrab is running around with Shelby on his head. He is wielding his sound sword as he screams like an imbecile.
Tree Trunks says: "Look out,  Shelby!"
Lemongrab says: "WOOAH!"
Lemongrab says: "WUOAGH!"
One of the tentacles grabs Lemongrab, and raises him up to the monster's face. The monster squishes him, and lemon juice spurts from his head.
Lemongrab says: "OUGHF!"
Lemongrab says: "MY JUICE!!"
Lemongrab says: "MY VITAL JUICES!!!"
The juice is squirted into the monster's eyes, making it hiss in pain.
Lemongrab says: "MOMMY!!!"
The monster explodes, Ice King covers his face from the explosion and Lemongrab is seen kneeling on the floor after the smoke clears up. A spiked wall is opened up revealing a door, and they both look at it.
Lemongrab says: "The hidden door!"
Lemongrab says: "Hohuugh.."
Lemongrab says: "My vital essence depleted..."
Lemongrab says: "Must.."
Lemongrab says: "replenish..."
Tree Trunks says: "Oh, step back, you all."
Shelby says: "Ugh!"
She blows again, making Lemongrab look inflated and puffy. Lemon juice squirts around, hitting the Ice King.
Ice King says: "Ew."
Lemongrab smacks his lips and opens his eyes.
Lemongrab says: "Nugh.."
Lemongrab says: "That'll do, Slave Trunks."
Lemongrab says: "To the spiraling ledge!"
Scene cuts to Ice King and Lemongrab running through a path.
Ice King says: "We almost there, Lemongrab?"
Lemongrab says: "Yes."
It then cuts to Tree Trunks running, with Shelby on her head.
Shelby says: "Faster, TT!"
Tree Trunks says: "Don't criticize my running, Shelby."
They run into the next room and fall though a break in the stairs and the Ice King's robe works like a parachute, and Lemongrab, Tree Trunks, Shelby, and Neptr, grab hold and land safely. Lemongrab walks to the next door.
Lemongrab says: "This door leads to the center exit!"
Neptr says: "The door is secured with an esoteric encryption system."
Ice King picks up Tree Trunks and starts patting her.
Ice King says: "Well that's okay, 'cause you can hack the mainframe or whatever, right BMO?"
Neptr says: "I'm not BMO, I'm your son Neptr."
Neptr says: "I-I throw pies."
Ice King drops Tree Trunks and starts cluching his beard.
Ice King says: "Ohhhs!"
Ice King says: "I grabbed the wrong robot!"
Ice King says: "Dang!"
Ice King says: "Nuts face!"
Shelby says: "Uhhh..."
Shelby says: "what is going on here Ice King?"
Tree Trunks says: "Yes, I'm getting a weird feeling in my stomach, and I think it's 'cause of you, Mr."
Tree Trunks says: "Wizard you'd better fess up to whatever you're doing."
Ice King says: "Huh?"
Ice King says: "Wha-wha-what's she sayin'?"
Tree Trunks says: "So stop sellin' fib-bibs and give it straight!"
Ice King says: "Grrrr!"
Ice King says: "All right!"
Ice King says: "I knocked you all out and brought you here!"
Cuts to them looking at Ice King.
Lemongrab says: "Essence."
Ice King says: "Yeah..."
Ice King says: "Shelby, who should've been the bait for the fish."
Shelby says: "Yeah.."
Shelby says: "but no, thanks."
Ice King says: "And.."
Ice King says: "BMO, who should've been here instead of this weird piece of junk that I don't remember nothin' about."
Ice King says: "Ahhh, I failed!"
Neptr says: "Father!"
Neptr says: "Look at me."
Neptr says: "Are you happy with me now, Papi?"
Ice King says: "The grand prize of my loins!"
Scene cuts to them entering the chamber as Ice King laughs.
Ice King says: "Now you see why I needed to bring you all here."
Ice King says: "Behold!"
Ice King says: "The Ancient Sleeping Magi of Life Giving!"
Tree Trunks says: "What's it do?"
Ice King says: "Whatever goes in the Magi's flames.."
Ice King says: "comes to life, anything at all!"
Tree Trunks says: "Uh, like an ashtray?"
Ice King says: "Yes!"
Ice King says: "Isn't it amazing?!"
Ice King says: "!"
Shelby says: "Uh.."
Shelby says: "You should've told us!"
Shelby says: "I would've freaking brought something!"
Ice King says: "Do not be sad."
Ice King says: "Because I brought the ultimate thing!"
Ice King says: "This."
Neptr says: "Your journal?"
Ice King says: "Except.."
Ice King says: "it's not my journal!"
Ice King says: "Fionna, Cake, Marshall Lee; they'll all be living, breathing beings, just like me."
Ice King says: "Yes!"
Ice King says: "Yes!"
Book says: "Woo, hahaha, yeah!"
Ice King says: "Oh, good.."
Ice King says: "you're awake, you bum."
Ice King says: "Look what you did.."
Scene cuts to Finn and Jake in the grasslands, a dusk behind them.
Finn says: "What was that?!"
Finn says: "!"
Tree Trunks says: "C'mon Ice Cream."
Ice King says: "OK."
Scene cuts to Jake.
A door on the grass opens and Lemongrab holding Neptr, Tree Trunks, Shelby, and Ice King holding the book come out.
Jake says: "Oww!"
Book says: "Write in me!"
Finn says: "What the—"
Finn says: "This is very strange."
Jake says: "TT!"
Jake says: "Where is the pie at?!"
Jake says: "!"
Tree Trunks says: "Oh, Mister Lemoncarb ate it."
Shelby says: "Hey, Jake can I catch you a ride back home?"
Jake says: "Yeah, but what the heck is goin' on here?"
Shelby says: "Ice King was doin' some..."
Shelby says: "desperate business, but it didn't work out."
Shelby says: "He seems pretty bummed out 'bout it."
Neptr says: "Don't be sad, Papi."
Neptr says: "Your characters can always be real in the garden of your mind."
Neptr says: "Remember when you showed me your imagination zone?"
Ice King says: "Yes!"
Ice King says: "Yes, if I can concentrate..."
Cuts to imagination zone, Fionna is there floating with Ice King.
Ice King says: "It worked!"
Fionna says: "I missed you, Ice King!"
Ice King says: "Oh, Fionna, can dreams be real as waking life?"
Fionna says: "Of course they can!"
Fionna says: "Dreams are real!"
Ice King says: "Then I will wait for you, from across the threshold of consciousness."
Scene cuts to Neptr.
Neptr says: "Our worlds will surely meet, Ice King."
Cuts to imagination zone.
Ice King says: "I, too, feel this; and it feels so strong it must be true."
Cuts to Finn and Jake, Shelby on Finn's shoulder staring at the Ice King.
Finn says: "Who in this world is sadder than the Ice King?"
Shelby says: "Me, watching this."
Book says: "Yeah!"
Book says: "Write it down!"
Book says: "Write it down!"
Episode ends.