The episode begins with Finn sleeping and Jake placing a blindfold over his eyes. Jake is being held in the air by floating balloons and is wearing a birthday hat. He takes off the hat and blows into it, which creates a loud noise and awakens Finn, who jumps out of his sleeping bag.
Jake says: "Happy birthday!"
Finn says: "Jake!"
Finn says: "Is that you?"
Finn says: "I can't see!"
Jake says: "Right!"
Finn says: "I'm blind?!"
Finn says: "!"
Finn says: "Jake!"
Finn says: "I'm blind on my birthday!"
Jake says: "No dude, you're blindfolded."
Finn says: "Oh..."
Jake says: "Keep the blindfold on."
Jake says: "I've got a surprise for you."
The scene transitions to Jake floating down while carrying a still-blindfolded Finn in front of the Candy Kingdom. Jake unties the balloon strings and they float off.
Jake says: "Surprise!"
Finn says: "Orange blindfold?"
Finn says: "That is a surprise!"
Jake says: "That's not the surprise."
Jake says: "This is!"
Camera panels out onto a train.
Finn says: "You got me a train?"
Finn says: "Thank you, Jake!"
Jake says: "This isn't the gift!"
Finn says: "Huh?"
Jake says: "We have to take the train to get to the gift."
Finn says: "Oh."
Finn says: "Almost as cool as a free train!"
Jake says: "I'll go get the tickets."
Finn says: "Okay!"
Jake stretches across to the ticket booth.
The Conductor is seen walking to the front of the train.
Finn says: "Hey!"
Finn says: "Mr."
Finn says: "Conductor!"
Finn says: "It's ma birthday!"
Conductor begins to climb up the ladder to the entrance but stops and turns around to Finn.
Conductor says: "Oh?"
Conductor says: "Climb aboard my train, little boy, you're my new friend."
Conductor says: "He hehe hehehe."
The scene transitions to Finn and Jake sitting down on the moving train.
Finn says: "This is gonna be the best birthday ever!"
Jake says: "Heheh."
Jake says: "I'm gonna go grab a schedule!"
The train begins to get bumpy and the train begins to shake.
Mr. Candy Cane says: "Whoa!"
Mr. Candy Cane says: "Terribly sorry, Colonel!"
The conductors voice appears over the intercom.
Conductor over intercom says: "Sorry about that, folks."
Conductor over intercom says: "We're approaching Gumball Gulch now."
Conductor over intercom says: "The rides gonna get a little bumpy until we reach the straight-away and you might wanna buckle up!"
Jake says: "Found a schedule!"
Finn says: "Great!"
Finn says: "Now find your seatbelt."
The train begins to bump up and down on the tracks. Mr. Candy Cane begins to hit Colonel Candy Corn on the head repeatedly with his own.
Mr. Candy Cane says: "Jeez Louise!"
Mr. Candy Cane says: "So sorry about that Colonel!"
The train leaves Gumball Gulch and is now running smoothly.
Mr. Candy Cane says: "Colonel, I am so sorry."
Finn says: "Hey!"
Finn says: "We're in the straight-away!"
Mr. Candy Cane says: "Oh, I want to see!"
Colonel Candy Corn says: "I'm gonna kill you!"
Train enters a tunnel and it goes dark for a couple seconds. When they get out of the tunnel Mr. Candy Cane is a skeleton. Colonel Candy Corn sees this and runs away.
Finn says: "A skeleton..."
Finn says: "Is he going to be okay, Doctor Donut?"
Doctor Donut says: "He doesn't look good."
Jake says: "Hey man, this is kinda a bad scene."
Jake says: "Maybe we should get off the train and huff it to your surprise."
Finn says: "Are you kidding?"
Finn says: "It's a murder mystery!"
Finn says: "On a train!"
Finn says: "And we're gonna solve it."
Jake says: "Alright."
Finn says: "What'dya think, Doctor Donut?"
Finn says: "Any clues?"
Doctor Donut says: "Hmm."
Doctor Donut says: "I think it was the guy would screamed 'I'm gonna kill you."
Passengers look over at Colonel Candy Corn and gasp and mumble.
Colonel Candy Corn says: "No, no!"
Colonel Candy Corn says: "It wasn't me, I swear!"
Finn pops up.
Finn says: "Passengers, passengers!"
Finn says: "I don't think it was Colonel Candy Corn."
Colonel Candy Corn says: "Thank you!"
Finn says: "No, in murder mysteries it's never the first person you think of."
Finn says: "Never ever."
Marshmallow Kid says: "So who do you think it is?"
Finn says: "Colonel, do you have any enemies on this train?"
Colonel Candy Corn says: "Just one!"
Colonel Candy Corn says: "And his or her name is..."
The train enters a tunnel and when the light is shown again Colonel Candy Corn is now a skeleton as well. The passengers start screaming.
Finn says: "See?"
Finn says: "I knew it wasn't him!"
Finn says: "But now we need to figure out who his enemy is."
Finn says: "It could be anybody."
Green Gumdrop Dude says: "It could even be you."
Finn says: "Yes it could."
Finn says: "Except I didn't do it."
Green Gumdrop Dude says: "But..."
Green Gumdrop Dude says: "we don't know that."
Finn says: "You singled me out to take suspicion of yourself!"
Finn says: "Are you Colonel Candy Corn's enemy?"
Green Gumdrop Dude says: "What?"
Green Gumdrop Dude says: "No!"
Green Gumdrop Dude says: "I was just trying to join in on the conversation!"
Finn says: "Suspect numero uno!"
The train enters another tunnel and when they get out Green Gumdrop Dude is a skeleton. Finn gasps.
Finn says: "Rat traps!"
Finn says: "Really thought I was onto something!"
Jake says: "Now I know this is going to sound crazy, but what about the conductor?"
Finn says: "No it's definitely not him."
Jake says: "Oh."
Jake says: "Why not?"
Finn says: "'Cause he's weird and creepy."
Finn says: "And you never suspect the creepy guy because he's too obvious."
Jake says: "Whatever, man."
Jake says: "I'm gonna go sit and look at the schedule."
Finn says: "We're running out of suspects."
Finn says: "And we're running out of time."
Conductor says: "Attention!"
Finn says: "Hey Jake."
Jake says: "Yeeeeeeeaaah?"
Finn says: "The conductor was just here and he was weirder and creepier then before."
Jake says: "What?!"
Jake says: "!"
Jake says: "No way, he was cool and awesome!"
Finn says: "Anyway, it's still not him."
Finn says: "Isn't that right, Doctor?"
Doctor Donut says: "You think it was me?"
Finn says: "When Candy Cane guy was murdered, you diverted suspicion to Colonel Candy Corn."
Finn says: "Then killed him to protect your alibi."
Jake walks over.
Doctor Donut says: "Are you kidding?"
Jake says: "Dude, I think you're waaay off."
Finn says: "Am I?"
Finn says: "Or am I way on."
The train enters another tunnel and when it exits, Doctor Donut is now a skeleton. Finn gasps loudly.
Train horn sounds.
Doctor Donut's skeleton falls over.
Finn says: "My hunches aren't getting me anywhere!"
Finn says: "The killer is laughing at us, Jake."
Jake says: "What'dya think we should do?"
Finn says: "Hmmm..."
Finn says: "We need hard  evidence!"
Scene transitions and Finn is walking down a train hallway and spots a basket of fish, eggs and a cabbage.
Finn says: "Ha!"
Finn says: "A basket of eggs, fish and cabbage!"
Scene transitions to another room of the train. Finn is reaching over a countertop. He picks up a receipt.
Finn says: "It's a receipt!"
Finn says: "From an earlier train ride."
Finn says: "From another train!"
Scene transitions to Jake and Finn looking for clues under seats. Finn finds a book.
Finn says: "Jake!"
Finn says: "I found a book!"
Finn says: "It's a dictionary!"
Scene transitions to Jake and Finn crossing train cars. Pineapple Guy is seen playing the flute. Finn grabs his music on the seat.
Finn says: "It's sheet music!"
Scene transitions to Jake and Finn looking at different information on a large chalkboard.
Finn says: "It doesn't make any sense to me."
Jake says: "Me neither!"
Jake says: "Maybe the murderer is just too smart for us."
Finn says: "Yes!"
Finn says: "Jake, that's it!"
Finn says: "It's all so clear now!"
Finn says: "Gather everyone in the caboose and I will reveal a murderer!"
The scene transitions to everyone in the caboose.
Finn says: "You're the only remaining passengers."
Finn says: "So the murderer, is in this caboose."
Finn says: "Let me explain how I know who the murderer is."
Finn says: "At once!"
The passengers all gasp.
Finn says: "But the real murderer is someone no one suspects!"
The train enters a tunnel and when it exits, everyone except Jake and Finn are skeletons. Finn gasps and the two look at each other.
Finn says: "No one was the murderer?!"
Finn says: "!"
Jake says: "The conductor's still on the train!"
Finn says: "Oh yeah!"
Finn says: "He did it."
Jake says: "Yay, you did it, you solved it, Finn!"
Finn says: "I knew it; because he's creepy."
Jake says: "What?!"
Jake says: "!"
Jake says: "Humpf."
Finn says: "I know."
Finn says: "You knew he was the murderer all along."
Jake says: "Thank you."
Finn says: "We make a great team, pal."
He squeezes him very tightly. The train enters a tunnel and when it emerges, Jake is a skeleton.
Finn says: "You feel kinda bony."
Finn says: "NOOOOOOOOOOO!"
The conductor is seen at the end of the train car. He is carrying a skateboard and a wooden sword.
Conductor says: "Hey."
Finn says: "How could you murder all those Candy People?!"
Finn says: "!"
Finn says: "And, you murdered Jake on my birthday!"
Conductor says: "Yes, and you're next."
Finn says: "Wrong!"
The Conductor rides off and Finn chases after him. The conductor does a trick over to the next car and unhinges the caboose from the rest of the train. Finn jump across to the train car. The Conductor is already at the end of the train car and Finn runs over to him. The Conductor unhinges the train car and begins to climb on top of the train. Finn jumps across and follows him up. The conductor rides across the top of a train car while Finn chases. The Conductor jumps down the train car and unhinges it from the rest of the train.
Finn says: "I'm coming for you!"
Finn says: "Happy birthday to me!!"
Conductor says: "Wait!"
Conductor says: "[Stretches himself around to reveal that it is actually Jake covered in paint."
Finn says: "You were the conductor the whole time?!"
Finn says: "!"
Jake says: "It was all an elaborate set up for your birthday present!"
Finn says: "So nobody was murdered?"
Jake says: "Nope!"
Jake says: "Not unless you count the train's control panel!"
The control panel is very broken and sparks are shooting out. The two laugh but then start to scream as they see they are heading off of broken train tracks and off a cliff. The train falls and lands on Gelatin Man. The Candy people who were on the train are around the train and start to cheer. The two are still screaming, Jake opens his eyes and stops.
Jake says: "Dude, open your eyes!"
Finn says: "Hey, we're alive!"
The scene transitions to the a bunch of Candy People finishing off the song "Happy Birthday" around a big table.
Candy People says: "-to you!"
Finn says: "Wow, this is the best birthday ever."
Finn says: "Thanks, Jake."
Jake says: "You deserve it, buddy."
Jake says: "Because you're a great friend."
The two begin to cut their cake.
Finn says: "I think my favorite part was landing on the Gelatin."
Finn says: "That musta taken forever to plan."
Jake says: "Nope!"
Jake says: "That part was a total accident."
Finn says: "Oh."
Finn says: "So we could have..."
Jake says: "Died horribly?"
Jake says: "Yes."
Jake says: "Happy birthday, pal!"
Finn stares up at the broken train tracks.
The episode ends.