The episode starts out in the smoking wastelands. Elise and young Marceline are walking with their backs turned to the camera. The scene quickly transitions to the beautiful Glass Kingdom. A line of glass people are walking from the city to the top of a mountain.
Indistinct conversations.
Sandy says: "The Sun has set!"
Sir Soda says: "Quit stalling!"
Limeston says: "Begin the retelling!"
See-Thru Princess says: "Uh, right."
Glassboy says: "Wait, wait!"
Glassboy says: "Hold on you guys!"
Glassboy says: "Sorry I'm late princess."
Glass People says: "Reading."
Glassboy begins walking towards the other glass children.
Glass Person #1 says: "Book lovin' Glassboy."
Glass Person #2 says: "Bibliophile."
Glass Person #3 says: "Doesn't everything you read just leak outta ya?"
Glass Person #2 says: "That was a good one."
Glassboy joins the other children. He blushes, looks up at STP, and waves. STP winks at him.
See-Thru Princess says: "Okay, lights!"
The lights on the stage turn on.
See-Thru Princess says: "Back in the old days, the wasteland desert was struck with a bolt of magic lightning."
The lights turn off except for a single beam shining next to STP, meant to represent a lightning bolt.
Glass Person says: "Kra-kow!"
Glass puppets are used to act out the scene that STP is describing.
See-Thru Princess says: "And thus was born our glorious Glass Kingdom."
See-Thru Princess says: "And, for hundreds of years, things were cool."
See-Thru Princess says: "Until from deep within the ancient furnace rose the dragon Molto Larvo!"
A dragon puppet appears behind STP.
Glass People says: "Woah!"
See-Thru Princess says: "Larvo's fire gunked up our entire kingdom."
See-Thru Princess says: "It was real bad times all 'round."
See-Thru Princess says: "a hero."
Glassboy says: "Ahhh!"
Glassboy says: "Marceline!"
See-Thru Princess says: "Yes."
See-Thru Princess says: "Brave St."
See-Thru Princess says: "Marceline came our aid."
See-Thru Princess says: "With her silver shovel and a holy song, she cast Larvo back into the depths of the pit!"
Glass people cheering.
See-Thru Princess says: "And once a year, we gather to sing her holy song to keep the monster locked up in the furnace."
Glassboy says: "But..."
Glassboy says: "what if Marceline slayed Larvo?"
Glassboy says: "He hasn't been seen since that day."
Glassboy says: "We don't have to be afraid of the furnace anymore!"
Indistinct conversations of disagreement.
Glassboy says: "I read about it in this ancient book."
Glassboy says: "The furnace used to fix people!"
Glassboy says: "Broken people..."
Glassboy says: "like me."
Sandy says: "Don't kid yourself, crackface."
See-Thru Princess says: "I like the way you are."
Glass Person #1 says: "Yeah, you have a great personality!"
Glass people laugh. Glassboy blushes.
See-Thru Princess says: "He does."
Sandy says: "Choirmaster!"
Sandy says: "Make the children sing!"
Glass children says: "I don't really care about the stomping on the coconut."
Alone, Glassboy walks up the stairs to the Furnace with a lantern. He pulls the lever on the wall pulls up a bar on top of the first large furnace door, which makes a loud sound. Glassboy opens the door, which also makes a loud sound. He walks into the chamber and puts STP's key in the keyhole, making the mechanisms of the second, smaller door click, and it opens. Glassboy walks through the door and sees a pit which appears to be filled with lava.
Glassboy says: "Aw yeah, the pit!"
Glassboy walks up to a pulley device that is set in the ground and harnesses himself. He lowers into the pit, and at the bottom, there is lava as well as Larvo's closed eye, Glassboy begins to melt slightly.
Glassboy says: "Huh!"
Glassboy says: "It's working!"
Glassboy says: "My life is turnin' around."
Larvo's eye opens.
Larvo roars. Glassboy gets out of the pit just before Larvo explodes out of the pit. Glassboy begins running out of the furnace chamber.
Glassboy continues to run from the dragon. He feels his chest and realizes he left the key beside the pit.
Glassboy says: "The key!"
Glassboy says: "Crack!"
Larvo roars and keeps chasing Glassboy. Glassboy closes the second door and continues running. Larvo breaks down the door. Glassboy closes the first door and the bar slams down just as Larvo charges at it. It does not break, but makes a loud sound as Larvo slams against it.
Larvo slams against the door again. All the lights in the Glass Kingdom come on and a siren sounds.
Glassboy says: "Crack!"
Sir Soda says: "Gotcha, key thief!"
Limeston holds up lantern to identify the key thief.
Sir Soda says: "Glassboy?"
Sandy says: "Glassboy?"
Limeston says: "Glassboy?"
Larvo roars and slams door.
Limeston says: "What have you done!"
Glassboy says: "I just wanted to fix myself!"
Limeston says: "Your hideous face has angered the creature!"
See-Thru Princess says: "Hey!"
Sandy says: "No singing in the world can stop the horrors to come now!"
Glassboy says: "No, I can fix it!"
Glassboy says: "I'll find Marceline!"
Sandy says: "Marceline lived a hecka long time ago!"
Sir Soda says: "And you're going to the jail tower for this!"
See-Thru Princess says: "What?"
Glassboy says: "I know she's out there!"
Glassboy says: "She's probably slaying a dragon right now!"
Setting changes from Glass Kingdom to Marceline and PB's house. Marceline is in a bat form with a small hammer raised upwards. The background is red tinted.
Marceline says: "Rahhh!"
Marceline gently hammers at a peg. It zooms out and she appears to be constructing a cabinet. She transforms back into her normal form and grabs two steaming cups from off of some instruction papers for the cabinet.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Ugh!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "No!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yuck!"
Marceline and PB laugh. PB takes the black cup from Marceline.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Thanks, you goof."
They sip from their cups.
The song “It's Funny” plays during the title sequence. The setting changes to the Glass Kingdom jail tower. Glassboy is seen through a barred window. The door to his cell opens seemingly mysteriously. He only finds a Marceline doll on the other side. He picks up the doll and is next seen secretively leaving the Glass Kingdom. He begins to travel the surrounding wasteland. The setting changes to Marceline and PB's bed at night. They are both sleeping. Marceline sleep-hits PB in the face, but neither of them awaken. It zooms on Marceline's face which transitions to the face of Glassboy's doll. He walks against the winds in the wasteland. The setting changes to Marceline and PB's kitchen. PB is sitting to the right of Marceline, who is floating. PB is cutting apples while Marceline pats down a pie crust. PB tosses an apple slice at Marceline who puts it in the crust. They smile and high-five. The setting changes to a rock bridge going across some spikes where Glassboy is struggling to balance. He almost falls off. The setting changes to Marceline and PB's living room where they are sitting on the couch together reading a comic or magazine. The setting changes to the desert where Glassboy is being chased by a crocodile-like creature. The setting changes to Marceline and PB's bathroom. PB has a metal face shield on and motorized clippers in hand. Marceline is sitting calmly with a barber’s cape around her. The setting changes to the desert where Glassboy shields his eyes from the Sun. End of title sequence.
The setting changes to Marceline and PB's living room. Marceline is playing her bass and PB is reading a book.
Princess Bubblegum says: "How's the song coming along?"
Marceline says: "It's pretty whatever, I don't know."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I rarely see you this focused."
Marceline says: "Thanks Peebs."
Marceline says: "Wait, was that a diss?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "No, no!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "It's admirable."
Princess Bubblegum says: "You're so "in the zone"."
Marceline says: "I guess I have been going for a new sound this time."
Marceline says: "I really wanna get it right."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Can I hear it?"
Marceline says: "Uh..."
Marceline says: "alright."
Marceline and PB sit on the couch as Marceline play bass.
Marceline says: "Okay!"
Marceline says: "Nope, no!"
Marceline says: "It's not done yet."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hey, it's alright."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I can't wait to hear it when it's ready."
PB kisses Marceline on the cheek.
In the distance, Larvo pounds on the furnace door. Setting changes from Marceline and PB's house to the furnace door in the Glass Kingdom.
Larvo slams on door.
Sandy says: "I can't believe it."
Sandy says: "Why would you release Glassboy?"
See-Thru Princess says: "We need St."
See-Thru Princess says: "Marceline."
See-Thru Princess says: "Glassboy knows more about her than anyone!"
Sir Soda says: "Glassboy is a fool!"
Sandy says: "He'll take one step outside and get his gross crack stuck in his own foot."
Sandy, Sir Soda, and Limeston laugh.
Sir Soda says: "He would!"
Sandy says: "I know, that's why I said it!"
See-Thru Princess says: "I just - it's my right, you know."
Limeston says: "Perhaps you should step down."
See-Thru Princess says: "No!"
See-Thru Princess says: "He'll find Marceline!"
Camera pans to the door, where Larvo is staring out of a crack.
Sir Soda says: "Okay, but he's probably already dead."
See-Thru Princess says: "Hmph!"
The princess storms off and Sandy, Sir Soda, and Limeston follow her.
Sir Soda says: "Princess!"
Limeston says: "Princess?"
Sandy says: "Wait!"
Sandy says: "We have more excellent advice!"
Larvo growls from behind the door. He sticks a little but of his head out and rolls some kind of glass eggs off his tongue. He goes back into the chamber. The eggs melt into the ground and bubble, forming the Glassassins.
Glassassins shriek.
Glassassins says: "Marceline..."
The Glassassins leap into action. Setting changes to a rainy forest near the Candy Kingdom. Glassboy is walking when a shadowy figure walks behind him with a cart of moisturizer.
Glassboy says: "Huh?"
Glassboy says: "Who are you?"
The figure takes down their hood. It is Choose Goose.
Choose Goose says: "Good Evening!"
Choose Goose says: "And how you been?"
Choose Goose says: "Are you the chump with dry skin?"
Glassboy says: "No."
Glassboy says: "I'm looking for Marceline."
Choose Goose says: "Oh, quack!"
Choose Goose says: "a boy with a head crack!"
Glassboy says: "Hey!"
Choose Goose says: "Marceline, Marceline."
Choose Goose says: "The Vampire Queen!"
Choose Goose says: "Through the candy you must go to the place where grass doth grow."
Glassboy says: "Thank you, strange duck."
Glassboy says: "Bye!"
Choose Goose says: "How lucky for me that oblivious is he."
Choose Goose says: "The boy is none the wiser of my cart of illegal moisturizer!"
Setting changes to the Candy Kingdom outside of Dirt Beer Guy's Tavern.
Candy people whisper indistinctly.
Simon says: "This is going out to a little girl named Marceline."
Simon says: "Marceline..."
Glassboy says: "Marceline!"
Simon is singing Remember You as Glassboy walks into the tavern.
Glassboy says: "Hey, old guy!"
Glassboy says: "You know Marceline?"
Smudge says: "Hey!"
Smudge says: "Time for you to leave."
Simon continues singing while Glassboy gets in a scuffle with Smudge the gingerbread man. Smudge eventually ends up holding back Glassboy.
Glassboy says: "Old guy, please!"
Glassboy throws the Marceline doll.
Smudge says: "Oomph!"
Glassboy says: "Ugh!"
Glassboy gets up, sniffling.
Simon says: "big Marcy fan, huh?"
Setting changes from outside the tavern to Marceline and PB's house. They're on the floor in the living room playing a board game. Marceline is holding her ax bass. Simon knocks on the door and opens it. Glassboy is beside him.
Marceline says: "Simon!"
Simon says: "Hi, gang."
Simon says: "I was just playing out at Dirt Beer Guy's tavern..."
Simon says: "I'm..."
Simon says: "just gonna use your um..."
Simon says: "facilities."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Sooo..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "you know about Marcy then?"
Glassboy says: "Do I!"
Glassboy says: "Half vampire, half demon, half god!"
Marceline says: "Nice."
Glassboy says: "She single-handedly bested the horrible dragon Larvo!"
Marceline says: "Larvo?"
Glassboy says: "The dragon has returned!"
Glassboy says: "The Glass Kingdom needs you again dude."
Marceline's face transitions to a younger version of herself as she briefly reminisces about how she defeated Larvo. The flashback is set on the mountain with the furnace. Younger Marceline strikes a loud chord which draws Larvo into the furnace chamber. A previous See-Thru Princess closes the door and locks it, trapping Larvo inside.
Previous STP says: "She did it!"
Previous STP says: "Marceline, you won!"
Younger Marceline turns to younger PB, breathing heavily.
Younger Princess Bubblegum says: "Seriously?"
Glass people surround younger Marceline, cheering, as she turns her head away from younger PB.
Younger Princess Bubblegum says: "Fine."
Younger Princess Bubblegum says: "We're done."
She turns away from the crowd and runs away with tears in her eyes. Young Marceline looks back at her with a sad expression. Her face transitions back into current Marceline, ending the flashback.
Marceline says: "Uh..."
Marceline says: "I don't know..."
Marceline blushes and turns her head to PB, who puts her hand on Marceline's shoulder.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yeah, we're sorry about your kingdom, kid."
Glassboy says: "Pleeeeease!"
View cuts to the outside of the house. The Glassassins are perched on a ledge looking down on it. They hiss as they descend upon the house. They break down the door, revealing Simon in a blue muumuu and small crown holding the Marceline doll and turned towards Marceline and PB's open freezer.
Simon says: "Ahhh, ahhh!"
Simon says: "What!"
Simon says: "This is how I cope!"
The Glassassins get dangerously close to Simon.
Simon says: "Please don't!"
Simon says: "I'm too old to die!"
Glassassin stabs Marceline doll.
Simon says: "You're after Marceline?"
Simon says: "Too bad, goopy!"
Simon says: "She already left!"
Glassassin hisses and the doll catches fire. The view transitions to PB and Marceline riding a motorcycle in full biker gear. PB is holding onto Marceline's waist as she drives. Glassboy is tied to the back with bubble wrap on his head. They are revealed to be in the wasteland desert. The scene fades out and cuts to a new setting. It's a broken-down trailer in the wastelands 1000 years ago.
Elise says: "Now, next to the family of bugs draw..."
Elise says: "a silver tree."
View cuts to young Marceline drawing with a crayon on the floor.
Elise says: "Perfect."
Young Marceline says: "Now What?"
Elise says: "Hm..."
Elise says: "above that tree..."
Elise says: "draw..."
Elise says: "a panda with a hat."
Young Marceline says: "That's silly."
Young Marceline says: "I want to draw a walrus in an overcoat."
Elise says: "No, no."
Elise says: "The panda is very important."
Young Marceline says: "Okay, mommy."
Marceline begins to draw the panda.
Elise says: "Give him a hat."
Elise says: "A biiig pointy hat."
Marceline continues drawing. View transitions to the outside of the trailer.
Elise says: "You're gonna be a great artist when you grow up, Marceline."
Young Marceline says: "Yeah, I know."
Present-day Marceline and PB ride by the trailer.
Marceline says: "Hey, why are we going this way?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Because it's the fastest route."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Why do you ask?"
Marceline says: "Nothing."
Marceline says: "It's just..."
Marceline says: "I used to live around here..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "What, really?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "When was this?"
Marceline says: "I don't really wanna talk about it."
Princess Bubblegum says: "How ya doin' back there Glassboy?"
Glass boy writhes and says something, but it's muffled.
Princess Bubblegum says: "This is all gonna go great."
PB smiles and looks up to the sky behind her, where a large bird seems to be following. Fades to their arrival to the Glass Kingdom, which is glistening. Marceline stops the motorcycle and PB jumps off.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Wow!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "It's just as beautiful as I remember it!"
PB walks up to a large glass bell.
Princess Bubblegum says: "The great ceremonial glass doorbell!"
PB rips off her motorcycle gear revealing her to be in a yellow sweater, peach yoga pants, and dark pink slippers.
Princess Bubblegum says: "I love ceremony."
Princess Bubblegum says: "First, approach the bell quietly and give it a single strike."
PB picks up a mallet and hits the bell.
Princess Bubblegum says: "And now for the best part  - the welcome bowl!"
PB dips her face in the bowl and eats some of the sand and it gets all over her face.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Mmm, sand!"
PB chokes on the sand and drops the bowl. Marceline grabs Glassboy from the back of the motorcycle and rips off the bubble wrap, dropping him to the ground.
Marceline says: "Hey, Peebs."
Marceline says: "Can we get this over with?"
PB continues to cough while a shard rises from the foundation of the bell.
Shard says: "No visitors!"
Shard says: "We're in a state of emergency."
Shard says: "Do you have a royal invitation?"
Shard says: "No invite, no entry."
Shard says: "Get lost Pinky!"
Marceline says: "Okay, that's it."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Actually, someone probably remembers me."
Marceline grunts and kicks the bell down in one swift motion, and it collapses into the kingdom wall with one final toll.
Shard says: "Grrr!"
Shard says: "The great bell!"
Shard says: "Vandals!"
Shard says: "yooouuu uuup!"
The shard glances down and notices his helmet is broken. Marceline, PB, and Glassboy are all riding up the fallen bell. They land smoothly in an open glass area. Glass people gasp and murmur.
Marceline says: "Where's the dragon?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Be cool."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I'll handle this with diplomacy."
Marceline concedes. She leans against her ax bass with an apathetic expression.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Apologies for the unorthodox entrance, glass citizens."
Sir Soda says: "Surround them now!"
A group of shards surrounds them and point their spears at them.
The shards part for Sandy, Sir Soda, and Limeston.
Sandy says: "Filthy opaque intruders!"
See-Thru Princess says: "Glassboy!"
The shards part for her. She quickly glides over to Marceline, PB, and Glassboy.
Sandy says: "Wait, I was being haughty!"
PB bows and Marceline raises her ax bass as STP glides towards them.
Princess Bubblegum says: "It's wonderful to formally meet you  Your..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Majesty."
STP continues to glide towards Glassboy, who is a short distance away from PB and Marceline.
Glassboy says: "STP!"
STP hugs Glassboy.
See-Thru Princess says: "I'm so happy to see you alive."
Sandy says: "Well we're not."
Sandy says: "Glassboy snuck a pair of trash-water harpies into our perceft civ- into our perfect civilization."
Sandy says: "Shards!"
Sandy says: "Take him back to the tower, you guys."
A group of shards walk over to Glassboy.
Glassboy says: "It's Marceline!"
Glassboy says: "The real Marceline!"
The shards take his hands and begin dragging him to the tower.
Sandy says: "Bah!"
Sandy says: "This could be any run-of-the-mill cave hag."
Sandy says: "Why should we believe you even?"
View changes to show the Glassassins looking down from the surrounding wall.
Glassassins says: "Marceline..."
One of the Glassassins charges at one of the shards, alerting Marceline. Quickly following, another Glassassin takes down the rest of the shards, surrounding Marceline. Glass people scream.
Marceline says: "What?"
The Glassassins all charge at Marceline. She blocks them with her ax bass.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Marcy!"
PB strikes a pose and begins shooting jelly beans from her palms. The beans melt into the back of one of the Glassassins. She realizes it's not working and shoots one last weak jelly bean, which makes a small fart sound. The glass people shake their head in disapproval.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Heh heh."
Princess Bubblegum says: "They're jellybeans."
Princess Bubblegum says: "It's not gross."
The Glassassins all simultaneously try to stab Marceline but she jumps away with a grunt.
Marceline says: "Alright whoever you are."
Marceline says: "Let's play."
The Glassassins very quickly spring into action. Marceline kicks away the first one, slices the second one vertically, and the third one horizontally. The third one is seen reassembling, and it laughs evilly.
Marceline says: "Dang."
The Glassassin quickly charges past her.
Marceline says: "Hey!"
Marceline says: "Grrr!"
Marceline says: "Why ya hidin', bro?"
Marceline looks around. The other two Glassassins are behind her. The first one charges at her and tackles her into a building, which clangs. The Glassassin tightly wraps her arm around Marceline.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh no!"
Glassboy says: "St."
Glassboy says: "Marceline!"
Glassboy reaches but STP holds him back. Marceline is pinned by the Glassassins. One of them thrusts towards her as she raises her bass in defense. The Glassassin hits it and it makes a loud chord, stunning the Glassassins.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Sound waves?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hey Marceline!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Turn up the reverb!"
Marceline plays an even louder chord, which makes the Glassassins turn into small globs of black glass.
View cuts to Larvo within the furnace room.
View cuts back to PB.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Phew."
Marceline descends, breathing heavily.
Glass People says: "Marceline!"
Glass People says: "Marceline!"
Marceline says: "Bleh-heh-heh-heh!"
Glassboy says: "Oh yeah!"
See-Thru Princess says: "Oh my gosh, she is so dope."
Glass People says: "Marceline!"
PB frowns.
Marceline says: "By the way, I consider "cave hag" a compliment."
Marceline strikes a pose, and five glass people slide behind her.
Glass people says: "Ooooo!"
Sandy says: "Hmph!"
Marceline says: "Next up,  taking care of that dragon."
The glass people cheer in the background as PB makes a sadder expression. The Glassassin goo makes a hissing noise and slides off-screen. The Glass people continue to cheer as Marceline and PB lead them up the mountain.
Glassboy says: "Oh yeeeah!"
Glassboy says: "Redemption for Glassboy!"
Glass Person says: "Cleansing spray?"
They spray and wipe Marceline's face, making it shiny. She coughs.
Marceline says: "Bleh!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Ah, you got sprayed."
Princess Bubblegum says: "That's a pretty high honor."
Marceline says: "Woah, wait."
Marceline says: "Did you wanna be sprayed too?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "it's like I'm nothing to them."
PB looks away sadly. Marceline puts her arm around PB.
Marceline says: "Hey."
Marceline says: "You're everything to me, okay?"
They smile at each other.
Glass Children says: "I'm sick of living in the ocean."
See-Thru Princess says: "How long will it take you to write a new incantation?"
Marceline says: "Incantation?"
See-Thru Princess says: "The dragon's grown too powerful to be repelled by your original holy song!"
Glass Children says: "I'm sick of living in the ocean."
Marceline says: "Dudes, your ceremony isn't working because you've been donking up the lyrics."
Marceline says: "Listen up, y'all!"
Marceline readies her bass, but hesitates.
Marceline says: "Um, Peebs?"
Marceline says: "Are you gonna be okay hearing this again?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Do what you have to do Marceline."
Larvo slams on the door and Marceline begins to play "Woke Up". The Glass people look excited. PB looks upset. At the beginning of the chorus, a flashback begins to when Marceline first sang the song. Larvo is trapped in a bubble being generated by two machines. Younger Marceline makes an effort to anger younger PB. At the beginning of the next chorus, younger Marceline kicks down one of the machines, breaking the bubble. Larvo spits fire which burns through Marceline's hair. Unphased, she turns around and sings to Larvo, making him back away. Ancient STP closes the door and locks in Larvo near the end of the song. Younger Marceline turns around and closes her eyes, which transitions into current Marceline giving nearly the exact same expression. For a moment everything is silent. The glass people murmur. Marceline floats back down to talk to PB.
Princess Bubblegum says: "I guess you've still got it."
Marceline says: "Listen Bonnie..."
Glassboy says: "isn't it?"
Glass people laugh.
Sandy says: "Of course, it's not even subtleee."
PB blushes, embarrassed. Larvo slams on the door and breaks a hole with his hand. He hits one of the glass people, which melts them. His claws drag on the ground with a screeching sound.
Marceline says: "Why didn’t it work?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "It’s been like a million years since that song worked."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Mind if I try?"
Marceline says: "What?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Screeeee!"
The Morrow appears with two identical machines.
The Morrow drops the machines in front of the door. They form a bubble - more colorful than the bubble from the flashback.
Larvo reaches his arm out the hole and scratches at the bubble with no effect. PB snaps on some goggles.
Marceline says: "The Morrow was following us with that the whole time?"
Marceline says: "Peebs, were you… expecting me to fail?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "We never did figure out why your song worked in the first place."
Princess Bubblegum says: "My next-gen barrier will buy me time to figure out Larvo’s true weakness."
Sir Soda says: "Your outsider’s song just made the dragon angrier and sassier."
Limeston says: "What’s your plan now?"
Glassboy says: "Marceline can do it."
Glassboy says: "Tell them, Princess!"
Glassboy says: "Princess!"
Glassboy says: "Tell them!"
See-Thru Princess says: "Put a cork in it, Glassboy!"
See-Thru Princess says: "Please!"
See-Thru Princess says: "Just get out of my face for five seconds!"
See-Thru princess walks away with Sandy, Sir Soda, and Limeston. Glassboy frowns. Larvo scratches as the bubble and breaks it, though it quickly reseals itself.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Ah!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I got this, I got this, I got this."
Marceline says: "No."
Marceline says: "It has to be me."
Marceline says: "I’ll write a new, angrier song!"
Marceline says: "Ughhh."
Marceline says: "I’m just not that angry young punk anymore!"
Marceline says: "It’s like I don’t even remember what it’s like to be hurt, and sad."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Mhm."
Marceline says: "No."
Marceline says: "It’s still in me somewhere."
Marceline says: "I just have to go find it."
Princess Bubblegum says: "“Go”?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Marcy, this is a bad idea!"
Marceline revs up the motorcycle, kicking up dust, and leaves. PB coughs. She makes an angry expression, hears Larvo, and gets back to work. Marceline is seen leaving the kingdom Setting changes to 1000 years ago in the wasteland desert. Young Marceline holds a map that she drew.
Young Marceline says: "That’s it!"
Young Marceline says: "That’s the hat panda!"
Young Marceline says: "Look, mom!"
Elise walks up behind young Marceline in a cape and with a walking stick.
Elise says: "You’re a regular cartographer, Marcy."
Elise says: "We’ll be at the secret clubhouse party in no time."
Young Marceline’s stomach gurgles.
Young Marceline says: "Mom, will they have food there?"
Elise says: "Every party has food."
Young Marceline’s stomach gurgles.
Elise says: "Hey, let’s play a game."
Elise says: "I see… something that starts with an “S."
Young Marceline says: "Huh."
Young Marceline says: "Is it that scorpion?"
Elise says: "No."
Marceline says: "Is it that skeleton under the scorpion?"
View zooms out to reveal the scorpion being atop a large human-like skeleton wearing a chain.
Marceline says: "This puppy’s funny-looking."
The “puppy” turns around revealing an odd set of eyes.
Puppy says: "Whazzup?"
Elise, startled, whacks the puppy with her stick.
Puppy says: "W’zup!"
Another dog growls and shrieks. View pans up and it’s a much larger mutated dog, presumably the puppy’s mother.
Elise says: "Woah mama."
The mother jumps down from the ledge and tackles Elise. Elise holds up her stick in defense as the mother tries to bite her. It bites through the stick with a loud snap and chews it up. It roars from a mouth in it’s chest. Young Marceline jumps on top of it.
Young Marceline says: "Bad doggy!"
The dog throws off young Marceline.
Elise says: "Marceline!"
Young Marceline gets up and growls as dust swirls around her. Her eyes are large and red. She sucks the mother dog’s soul. She looks pained and holds her stomach when she’s done.
Young Marceline says: "Why are you looking at me like that?"
View pans to the water tower, it transitions to the water tower as it currently is. Roughly in the same shape, but plants have climbed it. Current Marceline is on shown on the motorcycle with her helmet up. She puts in back down and leaves.
Setting changes to the Glass Kingdom. PB and STP are near the bubble.
PB takes a small striped orb out of her pocket and presses a button on it, causing it to expand. She holds it up and a glass tube comes out of a hole in the top.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Huah!"
See-Thru Princess says: "You’re so competent!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yeah, I’m a pretty good stabber."
PB walks over to a setup with speakers surrounding a glass citizen shaped like a petri dish on a table.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Thanks for volunteering."
PB pours a drop into him from her device.
Glass Citizen says: "The giant baster seems excessive."
PB slides headphones onto his head and walks over to her control panel holding a larger pair of headphones.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Check, check."
Loud cacophonous sounds play from the speakers. Sandy, Sir Soda and Limeston cover their ears.
Sandy says: "Is this what passes for music in Cotton Candy Land or whatever?"
The liquid morphs into an angry black glob, similar to the Glassassins.
Glass Citizen says: "What’s this now?"
The glob hisses and jump toward PB.
See-Thru Princess says: "Look out!"
PB quickly pushes away STP and shoots root beer at the glob. It crystalizes and PB catches it.
Sandy says: "Gah!"
Sandy says: "You’ve gone warped, Princess."
Sandy says: "First Glassboy, then that fakey Marceline."
Sandy says: "Now you’re putting faith in a princess even more helpless than you, okay."
PB frowns.
Sir Soda says: "So either grow up or step aside!"
Larvo slams at the bubble. Transitions to Larvo hitting against the first bubble. Younger Marceline is playing bass in the background.
Younger Princess Bubblegum says: "Just need a sec."
Younger Marceline says: "Yo, Peebs."
Younger Marceline says: "Listen to this."
Younger Princess Bubblegum says: "Why are you acting like this?"
Younger Marceline says: "Oh, come on."
Younger Marceline says: "You love it."
Younger Princess Bubblegum says: "They’ll all be killed if I don’t figure out how to defeat the dragon!"
Younger Marceline says: "They’re made of glass."
Younger Marceline says: "They break."
Younger Marceline says: "Who cares?"
Younger Princess Bubblegum says: "I do."
Younger Princess Bubblegum says: "They need me."
Younger Marceline floats over to a group of three ancient glass people and begins hitting them on their heads.
Ancient Glass Person #1 says: "Ah!"
Ancient Glass Person #2 says: "Ah!"
Ancient Glass Person #3 says: "Ah, that hurts!"
Younger Marceline smiles and looks at younger PB.
Younger Princess Bubblegum says: "I don’t have time for you right now."
Younger Marceline says: "Ugh!"
Younger Marceline says: "Why are you being such a bummer?"
Younger Princess Bubblegum says: "Could you just get out of my face for five seconds, you jerk!"
Younger Marceline says: "If you didn’t want me here, then why did you ask me?"
Younger Princess Bubblegum says: "I honestly can’t focus with you here acting like monster trash."
View cuts to young Marceline strumming a box guitar/ukulele sitting on a wooden bench in a dirty building.
View cuts to a broken-down, dirty gas station.
Elise says: "Come on."
Elise says: "Come on, come on!"
Young Marceline says: "Mom?"
Young Marceline says: "Am I… a scary monster?"
Elise says: "Marcy, come here."
Elise kneels down and hugs young Marceline.
Young Marceline says: "Mommy!"
Young Marceline says: "What?"
Elise says: "Follow the map."
Young Marceline says: "But I wanna stay with you!"
Elise says: "Marceline!"
Elise says: "I don’t have time for you right now!"
Young Marceline runs out of the gas station. She is next seen looking down at her map with her box guitar slung around her back.
The light makes a bright flash transitioning the setting to the current Glass Kingdom. PB holds the crystalized glob in her hand.
Princess Bubblegum says: "I’ve figured out a way to stop Larvo for good."
Princess Bubblegum says: "It’ll be risky."
See-Thru Princess says: "Risky?"
See-Thru Princess says: "I’m on thin ice as it is."
A group of glass citizens stand by Sandy, Sir Soda, and Limeston, at a distance from PB and STP. Sir Soda is looking at STP and PB with large binoculars.
Sir Soda says: "I wish I could read lips."
Princess Bubblegum says: "You’re a princess."
See-Thru Princess says: "Yeah."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Which means protecting your people no matter what."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Even when your vampire girlfriend bails on you."
See-Thru Princess says: "Oo."
Princess Bubblegum says: "We need a system to convey a butt-ton of liquid, but I don’t have the resources here."
See-Thru Princess says: "My people can help!"
STP pulls out a gleaming silver spoon and taps it on her head as she turns to her citizens, making a light dinging sound.
Glass People says: "Speech!"
Glass People says: "Speech!"
Glass People says: "Speech!"
Glass People says: "Speech!"
Glass People says: "Speech!"
Glass People says: "Speech!"
Glass People says: "Speech!"
See-Thru Princess says: "I have a plan to defeat Larvo."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Based on my research!"
See-Thru Princess says: "And it’s going to require all of us."
Sir Soda says: "What’s with the touchy-feely inspirational jazz?"
See-Thru Princess says: "Can it!"
See-Thru Princess says: "I’m over you thimble heads always chipping my cups!"
See-Thru Princess says: "This is a crisis, and I intend to lead with transparency."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Role-model!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Right here!"
PB’s smile transitions to a face drawn on a cardboard box. Young Marceline is drawing the left eye with a red marker.
Young Marceline says: "Hm."
She turns and picks up her box guitar. She looks up at the blinking red light and sings “Red Light” to a circle of boxes and cans with faces drawn on. The view shows some of the inside of the bunker.
Young Marceline says: "Whadaya think, Lemmy?"
View fades and transitions to the outside of the bunker as it currently is. Some plants grow over it. Current Marceline rides her motorcycle up to it, stops, and gets off. Glassboy peaks through her satchel Current Marceline stops briefly at the doorway and sets down her bass.
Marceline says: "Hey dude."
The old box guitar rests against Lemmy. The red light is still blinking.
Machine says: "One new message."
Machine says: "End of messages."
Marceline descends into a kneel with her chin resting on the rung of a ladder.
Marceline says: "Ugh."
The door creaks open and footsteps approach.
Marceline says: "Mom?"
Glassboy says: "Haha!"
Glassboy says: "I heard something weird so I came in."
Glassboy says: "Please don’t send me away."
Glassboy says: "I-I’m just like you!"
Marceline says: "You don’t say."
Marceline says: "Is that really what I sound like?"
Marceline says: "Oh, what am I doing?"
Glassboy says: "Huh?"
Glassboy says: "We’re here to reconnect with your  punk-rock anger!"
Marceline says: "Nah, I need to be with Bubblegum."
Marceline says: "She’s good for me."
Marceline says: "It’s not her fault I’ve got baggage."
Glassboy says: "Oh."
Glassboy says: "Well…  When we get back, maybe I can show you all my fav manga."
Marceline pulls out her ax bass. The Glassassin quickly stabs a hose right through it and smashes it on the ground.
Marceline says: "My bass!"
Setting changes to the top of the mountain in the Glass Kingdom where Larvo is clawing at the bubble. View descends to a street where PB and STP are standing.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Ready?"
See-Thru Princess says: "Hm!"
PB presses a button on her device, disabling the shield. Larvo emerges from the chamber.
See-Thru Princess says: "Here it comes."
Larvo exits the chamber and his maw comes crashing out.
See-Thru Princess says: "He got really big."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Down here Larvo!"
Larvo growls as he quickly climbs down the mountain. Glass people with root beer in their heads stand on top of the buildings lining the street. Larvo smashes into some buildings on his way down.
See-Thru Princess says: "Now!"
The glass people pour the root beer onto Larvo. He roars as the root beer cools around him, steaming and crystalizing.
Princess Bubblegum says: "I did it!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "All that root beer came from my body!"
The glass people continue to cheer as Larvo growls inside of the crystal. It begins to break. Larvo breaks out of the crystal roaring. Some of the root beer crystals stuck to him, forming a sort of armor. The crystals rain on the glass people.
A horrified look falls on PB’s face.
Setting changes to the desert outside of the bunker.
Marceline says: "Any other day, I would totally annihilate you for wrecking my stuff."
Glassassin stabs at Marceline but she dodges.
Marceline says: "But Bonnie is more important."
Glassassin stabs at her. She quickly flies away.
Glassboy says: "Haha!"
Glassboy says: "Eat it!"
Glassassin shrieks and looks back at them.
Setting changes to the Glass Kingdom street. The ground rumbles.
Glass Lady says: "Ahhh!"
Glass Lady says: "The molten one!"
The glass people run away screaming as Larvo roars and destroys buildings.
Glass Person says: "Caution!"
Glass Person says: "Broken glass!"
Glass people continue screaming as Larvo burns stuff down.
Sandy says: "It’s just as we predicted."
Limeston says: "It’s going to destroy us all!"
Sir Soda says: "C’mon!"
Sir Soda says: "Now’s our chance to act!"
Sandy, Sir Soda, and Limeston all run past the dragon screaming.
Sir Soda says: "Run, run, run!"
Sandy says: "Okay, you got a head start."
Marceline and Glassboy are shown quickly flying towards the smoking Glass Kingdom.
Marceline says: "Oh no, I’m too late!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Run to the bridge!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Egress!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Egress!"
Marceline says: "Bonnie!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Marceline!"
Marceline puts down Glassboy.
See-Thru Princess says: "Glassboy!"
Glassboy says: "Princess."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Quick, get out your bass and start singing."
Marceline says: "My bass is smashed."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Ah!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "You loved that bass!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Well, ummm… then your new song must be extra angry and sad."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Nooooo!"
Glassboy says: "Hey, I wrote a hateful song!"
Marceline says: "Look out!"
Larvo approaches, growling mostly at Glassboy. He swats at PB and Marceline, who land on some glass steps. Glassboy runs away from the fire-breathing Larvo, pushing STP.
Glassboy says: "This thing really hates me!"
See-Thru Princess says: "Woo!"
Glassboy says: "It’s me you want!"
Glassboy says: "Leave my princess alone!"
Sandy, Sir Soda, and Limeston are all hiding behind one of the shield generating machines at the top of the mountain.
Sandy says: "This is the last place the beast will-  Huh?"
Glassboy says: "I didn’t think this through!"
See-Thru Princess says: "Glassboy!"
Marceline, holding PB, flies into the chamber.
Sandy says: "Yeah!"
Sandy says: "Get in that death hole!"
Sandy says: "So what now?"
Limeston says: "The forcefield!"
Limeston says: "We’ll crank it all the way up!"
Sandy says: "Yes!"
Sandy says: "We can trap them both in there forever!"
Forcefield charges, rumbles, and crackles.
PB says: "Ah!"
PB says: "Someone turned my forcefield on full blast!"
Marceline and PB run deeper into the chamber where Larvo and Glassboy are as the forcefield charges some more. PB grabs Glassboy.
Sandy says: "Uh, I think someone broke this."
Sir Soda says: "Bail?"
The forcefield seemingly explodes, but it remains intact at full capacity. Marceline and PB are thrown forward from the blast.
Marceline says: "PB?"
Marceline says: "Is he breathing?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "No."
Princess Bubblegum says: "But that’s okay."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I don’t think he breathes."
Princess Bubblegum says: "We’ve gotta find a way out of here."
Marceline turns into a large armadillo-type creature and digs at the wall. More rubble comes crashing down.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Ah!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Stop!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "The forcefield has destabilized the entire chamber."
Rubbles stops falling and Marceline goes back to normal.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Why did I even create a “full blast” setting."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Live and learn."
Marceline says: "Hm."
Marceline says: "This is pretty bad, huh?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yeah, pretty bad."
Marceline says: "Probably should’ve tried singing anyway."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I was sorta hoping your song wouldn’t work."
Princess Bubblegum says: "So I could finally show the Glass Kingdom how much of a scientific genius I am."
Marceline says: "Well, mission accomplished?"
Marceline says: "I’m so sorry I left you alone on this."
A rock falls.
Marceline says: "You know, if this really is the end… I have something I want to sing to you."
Marceline says: "Oh!"
PB kisses Marceline for a somewhat prolonged amount of time before pulling away.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, glob!"
Marceline and PB stand up as Larvo frees himself from the rock. They hold onto each other.
Princess Bubblegum says: "I love you, okay?"
Marceline says: "At least they’ll find our skeletons entwined forever."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I don’t have a skeleton, but that’s pretty romantic."
Larvo roars, writhes, collapses, and takes the shell off of his head, which emits a bright light. He seems to die, but a sparkly, singing cat-butterfly comes out of his corpse.
Marceline says: "Stay back!"
Inner Larvo says: "La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la!"
Marceline says: "Look, it’s got a mushy center!"
Marceline says: "Just like me."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yeah!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "We can totally kill it now!"
Marceline says: "Peebs, no."
Glassboy gets up and sees Marceline and PB.
Glassboy says: "Woooah."
Glassboy says: "Also, ew, but mostly awww."
View changes to the outside.
See-Thru Princess says: "Shut your blowholes!"
See-Thru Princess says: "You trapped my best friend in there to die."
See-Thru Princess says: "Shame!"
STP swings the knife into the machine, it pushes the four back, shrinks, and explodes, releasing Inner Larvo.
Inner Larvo says: "La, la, la, la, laaa!"
Inner Larvo says: "La, la, la, la, laaa!"
Glass people exclaim. The Glassassin is on the roof of a building. It looks up and sees Inner Larvo.
Glassassin says: "Huh?"
Inner Larvo says: "La, la, la, la, la, laaa!"
Glassassin says: "Awww!"
Glass people murmur as they come up the mountain. Marceline and PB come out, shortly followed by Glassboy.
Glass Man says: "This is going to cost million to reglaze."
See-Thru Princess says: "Glassboy."
STP is shattered nearly in half.
Glassboy says: "My Princess!"
Glass Man says: "Highness, are you alright?"
STP does a princess wave with her unattached arm.
Sandy says: "What a tragic turn."
Sandy says: "I am so sad to tell you that your reign is over."
Sir Soda says: "On account of that nasty crack."
See-Thru Princess says: "No Way."
She grabs her separated half, pulls herself up, and wraps a gold sash across her chest and waist and pulls it tight.
Glass Man says: "She got pants now."
See-Thru Princess says: "We were taught that cracks make us less, but one brave boy showed me the truth."
See-Thru Princess says: "That’s you, Glassboy."
Glassboy says: "Me!"
See-Thru Princess says: "You don’t need to hide that crack…ever."
One by one the glass people start revealing their cracks and murmur.
See-Thru Princess says: "All of you?"
See-Thru Princess says: "Why were you hiding them?"
Purple Glass Man says: "I was afraid people would judge me… the way I judge them."
Blue Glass Person says: "Me too."
Sandy says: "No, no, no!"
Sandy says: "Everyone, stop taking your clothes off!"
Sir Soda says: "Hey Sandy, what’s this?"
Sandy says: "It’s nothing!"
Limston says: "You have one too!"
Sir Soda says: "Frosty jerk!"
Sandy, Sir Soda, and Limeston get into a fight cloud, and all end up unraveling each other’s ribbons, revealing that they have the most cracks of everyone. They run away, crying.
See-Thru Princess says: "Sorry I ever doubted you."
Glass Man says: "Yeah, sorry for bullying you your whole life."
Hoofbeats approach. Simon is on a Jelly Horse carrying a trailer alongside another Jelly Horse.
Simon says: "Marceline, you’re in grave danger!"
Simon says: "But don’t worry!"
Simon says: "I brought help!"
Banana Guard says: "Hooah!"
Two more Banana Guards spill out from the trailer door.
Banana Guards says: "Wee-woo, wee-woo, wee-woo, wee-woo!"
Bronwyn runs out of the trailer. Finn steps out with a full beard, a towel on his head, a towel on his waist, some scars, and a flowery tattoo of Jake on his chest – he’s definitely older.
Finn says: "Hey, PB."
Finn says: "Y’all got monster troubs?"
See-Thru Princess says: "PB, are these friends of yours?"
Banana Guard says: "Have at you!"
Marceline says: "Ah!"
Marceline says: "Come on."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yep."
Princess Bubblegum says: "These are my people."
Princess Bubblegum says: "And I’m really proud of them."
See-Thru Princess says: "That man’s towel just blew off."
Marceline looks away awkwardly.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Eh."
Glassboy sings “Eternity With You” with STP while glass people, PB and Marceline, Finn, two Banana Guards, Simon, and Bronwyn dance at some open venue. At the chorus, Glassboy sings a sour note which makes the punch bowl explode, as well as Sandy, Sir Soda, and Limeston’s heads. The music pauses.
See-Thru Princess says: "Shards?"
Some shards come to sweep them up. The music continues.
Princess Bubblegum says: "I must look a real mess."
Marceline says: "Nuh-uh."
Marceline says: "You always look great after fighting a monster."
Princess Bubblegum says: "You think so?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "This is nice."
Princess Bubblegum says: "We never get to dance."
Princess Bubblegum says: "You’re always the one performing."
Marceline says: "I have a lot more songs I wanna sing."
Marceline says: "Reeeal sappy ones."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Good."
PB’s face transitions to a way younger version of herself. She’s at a concert. A younger Marceline nearly identical to the Marceline in the breakup flashbacks, but with different clothing comes on stage. She starts sweating so she takes off her shirt and tosses it to Bubblegum. Younger Marceline winks and Younger PB blushes.
Screen cuts to black.