The episode starts with Jake on the boat at the top of the Tree Fort, peering through the telescope and watching the birds that fly by.
Jake says: "Nice."
Jake says: "Little bird family on vacay."
Jake says: "Dad's got the mad beautiful tail feathers; Mommy's taking up the rear all plain-jane styles."
Bird says: "Hey!"
Bird says: "Don't be talking trash!"
Bird says: "Our ladies are beautiful on the inside, you creep."
Jake says: "All lady birds around the whole world are beautiful on the inside?"
Bird says: "Yes."
Jake says: "Fair enough."
Bird says: "Special delivery for Jake the Dog."
Jake says: "Cool, thanks."
Jake says: "Urgent."
The scene cuts to Jake trying to play the tape in BMO.
Jake says: "Hold still, BMO."
BMO says: "Ouch."
BMO says: "I hurt my butt sledding."
Jake says: "Aw dang."
Jake says: "Sorry, BMO."
Jake says: "Cool, man, I'm excited!"
The tape starts playing while Jake is eating some peanuts. A picture of a tied-up person with a bag on his appears on BMO's screen.
Jake says: "What the heck am I looking at?"
The bag from the person's head is removed, revealing it's Jake Jr. Jake spits out all the peanuts from his mouth.
Jake says: "Jake Jr."
Jake says: "?!"
Jake says: "!"
Jake says: "What's going on here?"
Kidnapper says: "Jake the Dog, we have your daughter."
Kidnapper says: "She is safe—"
Kidnapper says: "for now."
Jake says: "What do you want from me?!"
Jake says: "!"
Kidnapper says: "We need you to reassemble your old team—"
Kidnapper says: "Gareth, a."
Kidnapper says: "k."
Kidnapper says: "a."
Kidnapper says: "The Lady Master, the Flying Lettuce Brothers, notorious con-men impressionists and your old friend, Tiffany."
Jake says: "Glob it."
Kidnapper says: "You'll need them to break in the Royal Candy Vault and steal this."
Jake says: "The Baker's Shard—"
Jake says: "the purest source of sugar in the known regions."
Kidnapper says: "You're the only master thief with the skills to swipe it."
Kidnapper says: "You have until midnight to make the drop."
Kidnapper says: "Tell anyone and Jake Jr."
Kidnapper says: "gets it."
Jake says: "BMO, destroy the tape."
BMO destroys the tape.
Jake says: "Are we on the level, BMO?"
BMO says: "I ain't no clown-town snitch, baby."
Jake says: "I don't want Finn hearing about this."
BMO says: "Alright."
Jake stretches his arm into a hole in the wall and presses a button.
The scene cuts to Gareth at a restaurant with Lollipop girl.
Lollipop girl says: "Oh Branard, you sure?"
Gareth says: "Yup babe, I'm totally famous  and you love me."
Lollipop girl says: "Wha—"
Lollipop girl says: "what is going on?"
Lollipop girl says: "What am I feeling now?"
Gareth says: "You are now under the spell of my face."
Gareth says: "I got you, girl, in my face trap and you love it."
Lollipop girl says: "I do."
Lollipop girl says: "Branard, don't ever leave me!"
Lollipop girl says: "I'll give you everything—"
Lollipop girl says: "my fabric, my dress patterns, my marbles, my social standing—"
Gareth says: "Woops!"
Gareth says: "I gotta go!"
Gareth says: "Laters!"
Candy butler says: "Dine and dash?"
Candy butler says: "I saw that!"
The scene cuts to the Squeez-E-Mart.
Tonya says: "Hey boss, I wanted to—"
Squeeze-E-Mart boss says: "Shut up Tonya, I gotta see my ex-wife!"
Tonya says: "Uh."
The phone starts ringing.
Tonya says: "Hello, Squeez-E-Mart."
Flying Lettuce Brothers says: "Tonya, this is your boss!"
Tonya says: "Wait, you were just here."
Flying Lettuce Brothers says: "Yeah, and now I'm on the phone, stupid!"
Tonya says: "Hey, do you think I can leave early?"
Tonya says: "I'm like, depressed."
Flying Lettuce Brothers says: "What you could do is take all the money from the register and give it to the two guys out back by the dumpster."
Tonya says: "OK."
Tonya says: "Can then I go?"
Flying Lettuce Brothers says: "Yes."
Tonya says: "Here you go dudes."
Flying Lettuce Brother says: "Thanks, man."
Tonya says: "Peace."
Flying Lettuce Brothers says: "Goodbye, fair lad."
Flying Lettuce Brothers says: "The master returns."
The scene cuts to Tiffany squishing a toy in his home. He breaths heavily. Then, he notices his watch beeping.
Tiffany says: "Well, well."
Tiffany says: "From the shadows of dream, the dog wakes to find its—"
Tiffany says: "ugh—"
The scene cuts to Jake entering an abandoned old warehouse.
Jake says: "Oh, hi guys."
Jake says: "Were you waiting for me in the dark?"
Gareth says: "Tiffany wouldn't let us turn them on."
Tiffany says: "Never mind that, the real question is what's that slo-mo Finn know about this?"
The scene cuts to Finn carrying various kinds of instruments and BMO at the Tree Fort.
Finn says: "Hey BMO, where's Jake?"
BMO says: "Jake got back with his old gang and is going to rob the Candy Kingdom!"
Finn says: "OK, BMO."
Finn says: "You wanna join my primitive noise band?"
BMO says: "No, I like organized sound."
Finn says: "Pssssh!"
The scene goes back at the gang in the warehouse.
Jake says: "Nah, BMO's covering for me."
Flying Lettuce Brothers says: "So what's the deal, Jake?"
Gareth says: "Yeah, why did you call us back?"
Jake says: "I got a job for you guys."
Jake says: "One last score."
Jake says: "The Big one."
Gareth says: "The Baker's Shard?"
Gareth says: "Are you for real, man?"
Flying Lettuce Brothers says: "This is crazy Jake, we always said: "Play it safe."
Tiffany says: "Can't ya see guys, he's desperate!"
Tiffany says: "Somebody got to him 'cause he's soft now."
Jake says: "What?"
Jake says: "Psssh!"
Jake says: "Tiffany!"
Jake says: "I'm the same Jake, I just stopped stealing mostly!"
Jake says: "'Cause when you get older you're supposed to get in other stuff, like graphic design, or pottery."
Jake says: "It's called "growing up"!"
Gareth says: "I don't want to do poetry—"
Gareth says: "I mean, pottery."
Jake says: "Dude, you guys on board or what?!"
Jake says: "!"
Jake says: "You really got something better to do?!"
Jake says: "!"
Jake says: "I know you don't, Tiffany!"
Tiffany says: "Glom you, Jake."
Flying Lettuce Brothers says: "How are gonna split the Baker's Shard?"
Jake says: "We ain't keeping it."
Jake says: "I'm passing the shard off to a mystery dude."
Tiffany says: "What the—"
Tiffany says: "?!"
Tiffany says: "!"
Jake says: "The dude has my kid."
Gareth says: "I'm in."
Flying Lettuce Brothers says: "We're in."
Tiffany says: "I know that vault inside and out!"
Tiffany says: "Every guard rotation, every camera, every deadly trap."
Tiffany says: "And that safe is locked up so tight it makes me wanna spit out my guts and cry about it."
Tiffany says: "Do you even have a plan, Jake?!"
Tiffany says: "!"
Jake says: "I have the first part."
Jake says: "OK, let's freakin' do this!"
The scene cuts to the Captain Banana Guard and the Private Banana Guard in the surveillance room.
Private Banana Guard says: "Captain, the milk delivery has arrived."
Captain Banana Guard says: "Well, check 'em in, Private."
Private Banana Guard says: "Yes, sir!"
Captain Banana Guard says: "And Private, I'm very thirsty!"
Captain Banana Guard says: "Bring me back the most delicious flavor they have!"
Private Banana Guard says: "Yes sir!"
The Captain starts writing something on a piece of paper, while a surveillance camera shows Gareth knocking the Private and Jake destroying the camera.
Captain Banana Guard says: "Huh?"
Captain Banana Guard says: "Now what in the heck—"
Captain Banana Guard says: "?!"
Captain Banana Guard says: "!"
Private Banana Guard says: "I got your milk, sir!"
Captain Banana Guard says: "What flavor did you bring me, Private?"
Flying Lettuce Brothers says: "Banana, sir!"
Captain Banana Guard says: "What?"
Gareth says: "Banana milk!"
Captain Banana Guard says: "The forbidden flavor!"
Captain Banana Guard says: "It's—"
Captain Banana Guard says: "delicious."
Flying Lettuce Brothers says: "Attention all guards!"
Flying Lettuce Brothers says: "You are directed to report immediately to the courtyard for special training!"
All of the Banana Guards are seen running toward the room, while Jake, who stretched so thin he could be disguised as the roof, climbs down.
Jake says: "OK, do your thing, man."
Tiffany says: "Just like old times, right, Jake?"
Tiffany says: "When we were blood, we'd follow each other in the jaws of death on a pale horse."
Jake says: "Not now, Tiffany!"
Jake says: "Come on!"
The scene cuts to the courtyard where all of the Banana Guards are.
Flying Lettuce Brothers says: "Tonight we'll be working on our battle "kee-yahs."
Flying Lettuce Brothers says: "" Alright men, sound off!"
The Banana Guards are seen screaming happily while Tiffany fuses a bomb.
Flying Banana Guards says: "Alright soldiers, time to shred those pipes!"
Flying Banana Guards says: "I wanna hear you scream!"
The Banana Guards scream even harder while Tiffany is setting the time for the bomb. Tiffany and Jake get away from the barricaded door.
Flying Banana Guard says: "Louder!"
Flying Banana Guard says: "Push it hard!"
The Banana Guards are already worn out from screaming. The bomb explodes, and the Banana Guards don't hear a thing from the screaming.
Tiffany says: "The Baker's Shard is on the other side of—"
Tiffany says: "that."
Tiffany says: "The Corridor of a Thousand Deaths."
Jake starts running through the Corrirdor and running into many traps until he reaches the Shard.
Jake says: "I did it!"
Jake says: "For Jake Jr."
Jake says: "!"
Kidnapper says: "Stop right there."
Jake says: "You!"
Jake says: "Where's my daughter?!"
Jake says: "!"
Kidnapper says: "Throw me the Baker's Shard—"
Kidnapper says: "and I'll let her go."
Jake says: "Yeah right, that's super-dumb."
Jake Jr. says: "Daddy!"
Jake Jr. says: "Please do what he says!"
Jake says: "Hang on, sweetie!"
Flying Lettuce Brothers says: "Thank you for saving me—"
Tiffany says: "—"
Gareth says: "—"
the Flying Lettuce Brothers says: "—"
Tiffany says: "daddy!"
Gareth says: "daddy!"
the Flying Lettuce Brothers says: "daddy!"
Jake says: "You dirty—"
Tiffany says: "Now—"
Tiffany says: "ugh—"
Jake goes on a rampage and chases the milk van the gang came with until he catches it.
Tiffany says: "Oh crud!"
Tiffany says: "Jake, I love you!"
Tiffany says: "I love youuu!"
Jake says: "Shut it, Tiffany!"
Jake says: "Gimme my daughter."
The driver removes his hat, revealing it's actually Jake Jr.
Jake Jr. says: "TADA!"
Jake Jr. says: "I totally double-crossed you!"
Jake says: "Jake Jr."
Jake says: "?!"
Jake says: "!"
Jake says: "WHAT THE PUKE, GIRL?!"
Jake says: "!"
Gareth says: "Let's get out of here!"
Tiffany, Gareth and the Flying Lettuce Brothers drive away.
Jake grows extremely large and puts himself and his daughter on a branch.
Jake says: "What the funky fresh, honey?"
Jake Jr. says: "I just wanted to be like you."
Jake Jr. says: "Mom told me stories about when you did crimes."
Jake says: "That was a long time ago."
Jake says: "Before I knew it was wrong!"
Jake Jr. says: "I thought you'll be proud of me."
Jake says: "I am."
Jake says: "I couldn't have done that when I was your age."
Jake Jr. says: "I age fast remember?"
Jake Jr. says: "I'm twenty-two!"
Jake says: "R-r-r-right."
Jake says: "I keep forgetting maths."
Jake Jr. says: "What are you going to do about the old crew?"
Jake says: "Finn and I bust their apples tomorrow."
Jake says: "Or maybe the Banana Guards will get 'em."
The Banana Guards are seen walking slowly after the van.
Jake says: "Come on."
Jake says: "I'll take you home now."
Jake Jr. says: "I love you, pops."
Jake says: "I love you, too."
Jake says: "Don't stinkin' do this to me again."
Jake says: "I'm old and fat."
Jake says: "I'll probably have a heart attack."
Jake Jr. says: "OK."
Jake says: "Wait a minute!"
Jake says: "You're doing a long con right now, aren't you?"
Jake Jr. says: "No."
Jake continues walking.
Jake Jr. says: "Yes."
Jake says: "Now I'm really proud of you!"
Episode ends.