Scene shows Wildberry Princess standing before a mirror in her castle missing her right arm and gasping in shock.
Wildberry Princess says: "My arm!"
Next scene shows Turtle Princess in bed missing half of her face and she too gasps in shock.
Turtle Princess says: "My face!"
Muscle Princess is seen, waking up to find her left arm is missing, but takes notice to her right bicep and kisses it. Next, Skeleton Princess is shown also waking up to find that her left leg is gone, but seems unsurprised.
Skeleton Princess says: "This happens sometimes..."
Finally, Hot Dog Princess is shown missing the lower half of her body, and is murmuring unhappily. The tree fort is shown in the next scene, as a group of princesses gather outside Finn and Jake's door.
Finn says: "Wait..."
Finn says: "what?!"
Finn says: "!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Oh, my gosh!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "How many times do I have to tell you?"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Somebody broke into my house and stole my lumps!"
Other princesses start to talk at once.
Finn says: "Peebo?"
Princess Bubblegum turns around to reveal half of her face missing.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hey, someone stole half of my face."
Jake says: "Eeeeeugh..."
Finn says: "Eh..."
Finn says: "okay, calm down..."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "How am I supposed to calm down?!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "A lumping thief is out there getting fresh with my lumps!"
Jake says: "Haha, gross."
Princesses again erupt into argument.
Finn says: "Whoa!"
Finn says: "Gals..."
Finn says: "we'll find this crazy freak and return all of your body parts!"
Hot Dog Princess says: "Thank you so much, Finn!"
Hot Dog Princess says: "I should give you a kiss!"
Finn says: "It's..."
Finn says: "it's okay, Hot Dog Princess!"
Finn says: "We'll be right back."
At the Ice Kingdom.
Ice King says: "I said, "I don't know!"
Ice King says: "" I have nothing to do with this!"
Jake says: "Stop lying!"
Jake says: "We found your fingerprints at the crime scene!"
Ice King says: "What?"
Ice King says: "Really?"
Jake says: "Uuh..."
Jake says: "no."
Finn giggles.
Ice King says: "Oh, well..."
Ice King says: "then..."
Ice King says: "why would you say that?"
Finn says: "Ice King, we know you did it!"
Ice King says: "Finn, I'm as concerned as you are."
Ice King says: "There's some sicko out there..."
Ice King says: "What if he comes after my princess?"
Finn says: "Your princess?"
Jake says: "Your princess?"
Ice King says: "Yeah..."
Ice King says: "let me introduce you to my new wife."
Ice King says: "Oh, wait..."
Ice King says: "you mean I'm the guy stealing all the p—"
Ice King says: "Yeah, okay, I get it now."
Princess Monster Wife steps out of the shadows making Finn and Jake scream and then faint.
Princess Monster Wife says: "What happened to them, husband?"
Ice King says: "Hmmm..."
Ice King says: "mmm aah!"
Ice King says: "They're sleepy."
Ice King says: "They are our limp sleepy children!"
Ice King says: "Come on wife, let's have a nice family meal."
Princess Monster Wife says: "Okay."
Ice King drags Finn and Jake to his dining table and sits them down.
Ice King says: "Wife, you sit here."
Ice King says: "Isn't this nice?"
Princess Monster Wife accidentally drops some food on her arm, feeling embarrassed.
Ice King says: "Uh oh..."
Ice King says: "I mean, that's good!"
Ice King says: "Oops!"
Ice King says: "How fun!"
Ice King says: "You're so fun!"
Princess Monster Wife says: "Hahahahaha!"
Ice King says: "Aww..."
Ice King says: "marriage is fun!"
Next scene shows Ice King and Princess Monster Wife doing the dishes.
Ice King says: "See, when you wash and I dry, we get done faster!"
Ice King says: "Then tomorrow night we switch!"
Princess Monster Wife has trouble scrubbing a pan.
Ice King says: "Here, let me show you a trick, my darling."
Ice King says: "See, you let it soak and we'll wash it in the morning."
Princess Monster Wife giggles.
Ice King says: "Enough chores..."
Ice King says: "come along, dear."
Ice King says: "I want to show you something special..."
The song "Let Me Show You Something Special" begins. Ice King takes his wife to a blanketed sculpture.
Ice King says: "Here it is."
Ice King says: "I hope you like it..."
Ice King removes the blanket, revealing a sculpture of himself and his wife. Princess Monster Wife tries to shove a banana in the sculpture's mouth, but it falls to the ground.
Princess Monster Wife says: "Is there something wrong with me?"
Princess Monster Wife says: "The way I am..."
Princess Monster Wife says: "it's not normal..."
Princess Monster Wife says: "is it?"
Ice King says: "Oh..."
Ice King says: "pretty baby wife."
Ice King says: "You're the most normal thing in my whole life."
Ice King says: "We're like two normal jelly beans sitting at the bottom of the jar, floating in a sea of olives, waiting for somebody to guess how many jelly beans are in the jar..."
Ice King says: "which I mentioned."
Princess Monster Wife says: "I don't think I understand..."
Ice King says: "Just look into my eyes and know that everything is okay."
In the Ice King's living room.
Ice King says: "Are you feeling normal yet?"
Ice King says: "See that?"
Ice King says: "We're normal, just like the normal people are."
Princess Monster Wife says: "Oh..."
Princess Monster Wife pets Gunther that was resting on Ice King's lap and he abruptly gets up and hisses violently.
Finn and Jake suddenly wake up to Gunther's hissing, then Gunther leaves.
Jake says: "Lady don't take my pizza..."
Jake says: "."
Finn says: "What's h—"
Finn says: "Oww..."
Finn says: "A mo-mo-mons-mo..."
Finn says: ".."
Jake says: "Finn?"
Jake says: "What's—"
Jake says: "Are you saying Mama?"
Jake says: "Where'd you—"
Princess Monster Wife says: "Hi there!"
Jake says: "Monster!"
They both pass out again; Princess Monster Wife starts to cry.
Ice King says: "Oh..."
Ice King says: "don't mind the kids!"
Ice King says: "It's just a phase!"
Princess Monster Wife says: "I need a glass of water."
Ice King says: "Ooh, I'll go get—"
Princess Monster Wife says: "No, it's okay."
Princess Monster Wife says: "I'll get it."
In the kitchen, Princess Monster Wife stares at her reflection in the water-filled sink.
Princess Monster Wife says: "You are not normal!"
Princess Monster Wife says: "You are a  monster!"
Ice King says: "Hey, hey, hey..."
Ice King says: "."
Princess Monster Wife says: "Monster!"
Princess Monster Wife says: "A monster!"
Ice King says: "What's going on in here?"
Ice King says: "Nobody's a monster!"
Ice King says: "All I see in this room is a young, kind-hearted, intelligent, hot-looking ice king, and his beautiful princess bride!"
Ice King says: "That's you, sweetie..."
Princess Monster Wife says: "I don't feel beautiful."
Princess Monster Wife says: "I feel like a freak!"
Ice King says: "I will prove to you that you are beautiful!"
Scene cuts to Ice King sewing together an outfit for Princess Monster Wife.
Ice King says: "To me, my penguins!"
Ice King says: "Gunter, Gunther, Gunder, Goonder, come on!"
Ice King says: "Gunter, Goonthy, Gonter, Ginthy, follow!"
Ice Kings assembles all his penguins into chairs set around a runway.
Ice King says: "Don't rearrange the chairs please."
Ice King says: "You're all gonna clap and cheer or I'm gonna smack your buns."
Ice King says: "Whoo!"
Ice King says: "Yeah!"
Ice King says: "..."
To penguins Clap louder, you gotta be all like "whoo!".
Penguins clap louder, and Finn and Jake arrive carrying mirrors.
Finn says: "If we look at her with these mirrors, her ugliness will have no effect on us."
Jake says: "Where is she?"
Jake says: "Oh!"
Jake says: "I think she's right over..."
Both Finn and Jake once again pass out upon seeing her. As she blows a kiss to one of the penguins, he vomits causing her to cry and run out.
Ice King says: "Hey!"
Ice King is now standing at Princess Monster Wife's door.
Ice King says: "Baby, do you want to talk about it?"
Princess Monster Wife says: "You should just find another princess to marry."
Princess Monster Wife says: "I'm unlovable!"
Ice King says: "Girl, I love you as much as all of the other princesses in the world combined!"
Princess Monster Wife says: "You don't really mean that..."
Ice King says: "I'll prove it!"
Ice King says: "See, you have Elbow Princess's hips, and Dr."
Ice King says: "Princess's heart and intestines, Slime Princess's bottom..."
Ice King says: "You have all my favorite parts of my favorite princesses!"
Princess Monster Wife opens the door.
Princess Monster Wife says: "I'm just a bunch of stolen parts?!"
Princess Monster Wife says: "!"
Ice King says: "Oh, the parts don't matter."
Ice King says: "It's you that matters."
Princess Monster Wife says: "But..."
Princess Monster Wife says: "who am I?"
Ice King says: "You're my wife!"
Ice King says: "And I will always love my wife no matter what!"
Princess Monster Wife says: "You'd love me, even without these other princess's parts?"
Ice King says: "Sure, baby, even without all your fine lady parts."
Ice King says: "Now give us a hug."
They hug. Finn and Jake arrive wearing blindfolds.
Finn says: "Hey, Ice King!"
Jake says: "Your wife's face can't make us faint anymore!"
Ice King says: "Don't listen to them babe; they're being negative!"
Ice King says: "Run, my happiness!"
Ice King says: "I'll distract them with ice magic!"
Ice King nibbles on Jake's arm.
Jake says: "Ouch."
Finn and Jake tackle Ice King into submission.
Finn says: "Do you give up?!"
Finn says: "!"
Ice King says: "Yes!"
Ice King says: "I give up..."
Jake says: "Finally..."
Jake says: "let's get those princess parts back to the ladies."
Finn says: "Yeah, mans."
Finn says: "Wait..."
Finn says: "where'd your wife go?"
Princess Monster Wife returns all the stolen parts including Princess Bubblegum's face, Hot Dog Princess's body and Wildberry Princess's arm, but misplaces Turtle Princess's face with Lumpy Space Princess's, as her spirit then returns to the Ice Kingdom.
Finn says: "Huh?"
Ice King says: "Let me go!"
Ice King says: "Let me go!"
Princess Monster Wife's spirit says: "Though my parts be scattered, I will always be your wife."
Ice King says: "She..."
Ice King says: "she..."
Ice King says: "gave away all my stuff!"
Episode ends.