Finn and Jake are walking over a hilly terrain. Finn is walking with a shoe with no sock and Jake has a lipstick spiral on his face.
Finn says: "Ow ow, ow!"
Jake says: "Your shoe rash is gross, man."
Jake says: "Ah, I'm just kidding!"
Finn says: "Man, I wish I had my other sock, this callous is gonna junk up my good time at PB's potluck."
Jake says: "Don't worry man, we're going to have a ton of fun."
Jake says: "We'll eat some melon, I'll get some compliments on my pretty makeup."
Finn says: "You look like a target."
Jake says: "I look pretty!"
An arrow flies near Jake's head off screen.
Finn grunts at the pain. They arrive at the party, there are partygoers chatting.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Does everyone have a tray?"
Bounce House Princess says: "Oh ho."
Bounce House Princess says: "Oh, hi Finn."
Finn says: "Oh my goodness, sorry Bounce House Princess, I didn't know it was you."
Bounce House Princess says: "Ah ha, that's okay, you wanna go inside, bounce around a little?"
Finn says: "Mmm that's okay."
Finn says: "Come on, Jake."
Finn says: "Let's, eh, go party."
Everyone says: "Hey guys."
Finn says: "Hello."
Finn says: "Hello, Princess Princess Princess, hey, Embryo Princess, heeey youuu."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Welcome to the potluck guys."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Jake, you look pretty."
Jake says: "Thank you."
Princess Bubblegum says: "What's up with the limp?"
Finn says: "I've been going foot nude in the shoe and now I got this turbo huge callous."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Well, sit down and relax."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, by the way, I've entered everyone's name into a raffle and the winner gets whatever is in that."
Finn says: "Mysterious."
Finn says: "Oh, brought something for the party!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, how wonderful!"
Finn says: "Bam!"
Finn says: "Soda!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh..."
Finn says: "It's warm and I shook it up..."
Finn says: "a lot."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Well, great, I'll just put this on ice."
The scene goes into Ice King's castle. A blue landscape with white teepee, it turns out to be the Ice King's belly.
In the forest, a rabbit hopes around and sniffs the air.
Ice King says: "Caw!"
Ice King says: "Caw!"
Cat says: "Meow."
Ice King says: "Eeh?"
Another rabbit stops to scratch itself, it is also netted. A cat licks its paw, it is netted as well. Two rabbits hopping on a trampoline, they are netted and stop for a bit, only to hope again. Two cats purring as one messages the other's back, they are also netted. More rabbits, three of them, attempt to run from a flying Ice King who nets them all.
Back at the Ice Kingdom, the Ice King is holding a cat.
Cat says: "Meow?"
Ice King says: "Oh, quiet you."
Ice King says: "How are my bunnies doing?"
The rabbits are eating a pan of lasagna.
Ice King says: "Hee hee, that's it, ah yes."
Ice King says: "Gunter!"
Ice King says: "More lazagnah!"
Gunter says: "Whenk."
The Ice King walks to the edge of the snow behind a bush with two sacks over his shoulder. He places the bags down and peeps around the bush to see the partygoers still partying.
Ice King says: "Okay!"
Ice King says: "Go, my little sour pussies, ruin their party!"
Ice King says: "Hee hee hee."
Slime Princess, Jake, Finn, and Hot Dog Princess are dancing. Finn is dancing on one foot.
Cat says: "Meow..."
Finn says: "Awww, hey Jake, check out this cat."
Jake says: "I don't like cats, man!"
Finn says: "Do you like fresh lemon in your ice tea?"
Jake says: "Yes."
Jake says: "Ha ha!"
Jake says: "Alright!"
Orange Princess, Turtle Princess, Muscle Princess, Skeleton Princess and Princess Princess Princess, are seen playing with the cats who no longer have lemons tied to their backs.
Princess Bubblegum says: "It looks like we don't have to make that lemon run after all."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Yes!"
Back to Ice King still behind the bush.
Inside the castle, Ice King is taking out tape and a pair of socks.
Ice King says: "Gunter, daddy needs you to dress up like a princess so you can sneak into that party and throw fruit punch on everybody."
Gunter says: "Wenk."
Ice King says: "Huh, you wanna do that for daddy, huh?"
Gunter says: "Wenk!"
Ice King says: "Thanks, sweetie!"
Ice King says: "I can always count on my Gunts!"
Ice King says: "Yeah, Gunter, hot!"
Ice King says: "You better be careful Gunter or I'll keep you like this all the time!"
Ice King says: "Heh, I just might have to chase you around..."
Ice King says: "Marry you—"
Ice King says: "Oh, whoa!"
Ice King says: "Just kidding!"
Gunter lands on the grass and looks around. Finn is nursing his calloused foot in a bowl of food.
Gunter says: "Wenk."
Ice King says: "Yes, atta Gunter, get a cup of punch!"
Gunter says: "Wenk!"
Jake says: "Huh?!"
Jake says: "!"
Jake says: "Oh, hey, Gunter."
Jake says: "Hey, everybody, Gunter is here!"
Slime Princess says: "Gunter, come party with us."
Ice King says: "No, Gunter!"
Ice King says: "Do not party with them!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Get those buns on the dance floor, girl!"
Gunter says: "Wenk."
Ice King says: "No, Gunter!"
Finn says: "Hmm, hey, Gunter, let me get one of them socks."
Finn says: "Oh..."
Finn says: "ow."
Ice King has stopped crying and is walking around.
Ice King says: "They think their party is the bee's knees huh."
Ice King says: "That party is the knees of nothing!"
Ice King looks on his telescope, Gunter is still dancing and the partygoers are still chanting her name.
Ice King says: "Bargh!"
Ice King says: "There oughta be a law!"
Ice King says: "Wait a minute..."
Ice King says: "there is a law, hee hee, do I have what it takes?"
Inside the Banana Guard's surveillance room, the phone rings and one of the Banana Guards picks it up.
Banana Guard says: "Banana Guard."
Ice King says: "I'm calling to tattle."
Banana Guard says: "Oh, okay, who are you tattling on?"
Ice King says: "The loud party going on next door, it's bothering everyone in the Ice Kingdom."
Banana Guard says: "Ice Kingdom?"
Banana Guard says: "Is this the Ice King?"
Ice King says: "Yes."
Banana Guard says: "Well uh, we hate you, so—"
Banana Guard says: "Banana Guard."
Ice King says: "Yes, this is a little old lady calling about the loud party."
Banana Guard says: "Is this the Ice King?"
Ice King says: "Noooo, this is Mrs."
Ice King says: "Garam-bling-ton..."
Banana Guard says: "Mrs."
Banana Guard says: "Garamblington?"
Ice King says: "Yeah, hold on let me get my husband."
Ice King says: "Yeah, this is Ted Garamblington, I need you to shut down this party."
Banana Guard says: "Your wife sounds pretty old."
Ice King says: "Uh, hold on there's someone at the door."
Ice King says: "It's okay Johnny, I'm on the phone with the Banana Guard and they're going to take care of it."
Scene goes to both Guards listening to the conversation.
Ice King says: "I only got a fifty dollar bill!"
Banana Guard says: "Uh, Mr."
Banana Guard says: "Garamblington?"
Ice King says: "Yes?"
Banana Guard says: "We'll take care of it."
Ice King says: "Ha haa!"
Ice King says: "Now to watch Banana law in action."
The Banana Guards show up and chat with Princess Bubblegum and then they start dancing. The Ice King's hand holding the glasses go limp.
Banana Guard says: "This is a great party."
The Ice King is now outside holding a radio with Gunthalina.
Ice King says: "Two can play the party game!"
Ice King says: "Ooh, nice."
Ice King says: "Alright come on Gunthalina, I need you to pass out some whirling dervishes, the guests are getting restless."
The guest are three snow people who react slowly.
Ice King says: "Loose grape medley, stack of enriched flour tortillas—"
Ice King says: "and start with Roger, he looks famished."
Gunthalina says: "Wenk!"
Ice King says: "Everyone, smile and eat..."
Ice King says: "and make our neighbors jealous."
Ice King says: "Bah!"
Ice King says: "Gunter's too captivating!"
Ice King says: "forgetful me!"
The Ice King flies to the sky and into a cloud, which turns dark and stormy. He shoots down a large ice lighting shard which hits a sound system and surprises Finn and the partygoers.
Ice King says: "I thought you were my bros, my roll dogs for life!"
Bounce House Princess says: "Ow!"
Bounce House Princess says: "Hey, everyone, take refuge in my body!"
Finn says: "Ice King, don't make me stand up and whomp you!"
Ice King says: "Well, if that's what it takes for a fella to get noticed around here, then whomp me!"
Finn says: "That's..."
Finn says: "."
Finn says: "IT!"
Ice King says: "Oh mama, that's some stink!"
Ice King says: "Aaaah!"
Finn says: "Why are you doing this, IK?!"
Finn says: "!"
Ice King says: "Because she didn't invite me to her potluck!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yes, I did!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I sent your invite in the mail!"
Ice King says: "The mail?!"
Ice King says: "!"
Ice King says: "Who reads the mail!"
Ice King says: "I just stack all my mail in a tall pile until it falls over, heh heh, then I shred it to use as cascarones!"
Ice King says: "So uh, can I party with you?"
Finn says: "Only if you promise to stop acting nanners."
Ice King says: "Nanners, well I don't even know the meaning of the word."
The scene changes with Ice King bouncing around with a punch in his hand.
Ice King says: "Whoo ooh!"
Ice King says: "Party time, right guys?!"
Ice King says: "!"
Ice King says: "Whooo hooo!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "It's time for the raffle."
Princess Bubblegum says: "And the winner is..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn."
Finn says: "Whoa, cool."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Here you go."
Finn says: "Awesome."
Jake says: "Ah!!!"
Everyone turns to see an enraged squirrel whose mouth is foaming and is holding a bow.
Squirrel says: "YOU SON OF A BLEE-BLOB!!!!"
Squirrel says: "Jaaaaake!!!"
Jake says: "Heeey, yooou..."
Episode ends.