The episode starts with Finn and Jake sledding down hills with an office chair in the Ice Kingdom and laughing. As they go down a hill at high speed they smash of the head of a Snow Golem, who promptly replaces it with a cat's head and meows. As our duo goes up in the air and falls back down, the chair breaks.
Finn says: "Oh, no, our sled's broken!"
Finn says: "Hey, let's build one out of snow!"
Jake grows to giant size.
Finn says: "What are you doing, Jake?"
They both laugh.
Jake says: "Sleds are for suckers."
Jake says: "Just ride on my gut."
Finn says: "Okay!"
They slide past Iceclops who reaches for them but falls on his head in the snow.
Jake says: "Switch!"
Jake shrinks down and hops on to Finn's back as he slides down the hills until he begins to freeze.
Finn says: "Penguins!"
They fall through a tunnel with penguins on Jake's stomach, and they pop out of the end of the tunnel, the penguins fall off and our duo soars through the air.
Finn says: "Ha Ha!"
Jake says: "I'm a flying dog!"
Back on the ground, Ice King is shoveling snow into a wheelbarrow when Finn and Jake come crashing down, creating a crater.
Ice King says: "What?!"
Ice King says: "!"
Ice King says: "Who dares enter the Ice Kingdom?!"
Ice King says: "!"
Finn says: "Aww, Ice King's here."
Ice King says: "You know why I'm here?"
Ice King says: "Do you know what "Ice King" means?!"
Ice King says: "!"
Jake says: "Yeah, I know what "Ice King" means: A big nerd!"
Finn says: "Oh ho oh!"
Finn says: "Holy cow!"
Ice King says: "It means I'm King of Ice!"
Ice King says: "This is my domain!"
Ice King says: "And you are violating Ice World law--trespassing!"
Jake says: "Come on, brother!"
Jake says: "We're just trying to beat the heat."
Finn says: "Yeah!"
Finn says: "There's a big sleeping lava man in our front yard, and he is SOOOOOOOOOOOO hot!"
Jake says: "Mmm-hmm!"
Finn says: "Wait, wait, no, I take it back."
Finn says: "I mean, not like "sexy" hot."
Jake says: "No, no, you do mean "sexy" hot."
Ice King says: "I don't care!"
Ice King says: "This is my kingdom."
Ice King says: "You guys can't just scoot about on my land willy-nilly."
Ice King says: "I've got rules here."
Finn and Jake are building a small snowman.
Finn says: "Why don't you just try being cool."
Jake says: "Uh oh."
Finn and Jake fight the snow monsters and win.
Ice King says: "Ooh, you guys are gonna get it."
Finn says: "Heh heh, yeah."
Jake says: "Yeah, right, sure."
Ice King freezes them where they stand, Ice King is later seen pushing them up a hill to his castle in his wheelbarrow.
Ice King says: "Aww man."
In the Ice King's castle Ice King comes into a room with a jail cell in a room where Lumpy Space Princess, Hot Dog Princess, Emerald Princess, Ghost Princess, Slime Princess, Raggedy Princess, and Wildberry Princess held captive.
Ice King says: "I'm back home!"
Ice King says: "Hello, ladies!"
The princesses begin to mutter in panic.
Ice King says: "Now, now."
Ice King says: "I've brought you a baby and a puppy."
Wildberry Princess says: "Finn!"
Wildberry Princess says: "Are you okay?"
Finn says: "Huh, Wildberry Princess?"
Finn says: "Hot Dog Princess?"
Finn says: "W-what's goin' on?"
Slime Princess says: "We're all prisoners, Finn."
Finn says: "Ice King!"
Ice King says: "What?"
Finn says: "Why are you keeping these girls prisoners, jerk?"
Ice King says: "You don't understand!"
Ice King says: "I collect princesses because I want to marry one."
Jake says: "Well, why'd you capture six of them if you just want to marry one?"
Ice King says: "I'm collecting them all first to be sure I make the right choice."
Ice King says: "You're both too young to understand, but marriage is a serious thing and lasts forever."
Ice King says: "You can't just rush into it, you know?"
Finn says: "Ice King, don't do this."
Finn says: "Just let the girls go."
Finn says: "They don't want to be here."
Ice King says: "Of course they do!"
Ice King says: "I would have killed them already if they didn't want to be here."
Ice King says: "Right ladies?"
Ice King says: "Zzhp Zzhp."
Princesses says: "Mm-hm."
Finn says: "Don't worry, princesses."
Finn says: "I pledge that Jake and I will protect each and everyone of you and furthermore I see all of you happily married to whatever sweet thing y'all want to be married to!"
Slime Princess says: "Yay!"
Finn says: "Rad!"
Finn says: "All I need is something to spear the Ice King with."
Finn throws the flute at Ice King, and it falls apart before it gets out of the cell.
Finn says: "My flute!"
Jake says: "Aw, nuts, dude!"
Jake says: "You broke it when we tried picking the lock to that sad ogre's heart!"
Finn says: "Darn it!"
Ice King laughs and does a little dance.
Ice King says: "Nice try, boy!"
Ice King says: "Princesses, did you see?"
Ice King says: "Did you see Finn fail?"
Jake says: "Don't worry, Finn."
Jake says: "I'll get us out of here with Key Hand!"
Jake says: "Hah-hah!"
Ice King says: "Oh, no you won't!"
Finn says: "Jake!"
Ice King says: "Eat it."
Jake says: "I..."
Jake says: "I'm okay."
Finn says: "Ice King!"
Finn says: "You better either set us free or come in here and fight me 'cause otherwise I'm gonna flip out!!!"
Finn flails his arms and legs at the Ice King through the bars but he doesn't even touch him.
Ice King says: "Oh, are you trying to hit me?"
Ice King says: "Well, excuse me because I have to go potty in the bathroom."
Finn says: "ICE KING!!!"
Finn says: "..."
Jake says: "Finn!"
Finn says: "Huh?"
Finn says: "Jake, you alright?"
Jake says: "I'm fine, buddy."
Jake says: "Calm down and tend to the princesses."
Finn says: "Oh my gosh."
Finn says: "I'm sorry, princesses."
Finn says: "Slime Princess, are you alright?"
Slime Princess says: "He's held us here for weeks, questioning us about our favorite sports and quirky behavior."
Slime Princess says: "I've tried to tell him as little as possible."
Finn says: "I understand."
Finn says: "And, Lumpy Space Princess, how do you fair?"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I'm bored, and I'm not having any fun."
Ice King says: "What?"
Ice King says: "Not having any fun?"
Ice King says: "But last night I read you the story of "Baby Whatsit and the Bottle Prince."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "That wasn't fun."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "That was lame."
Ice King says: "Other princesses, do you feel the same way?"
The princesses mumble.
Ice King says: "Well, here, watch."
Ice King says: "I'll show you."
Ice King says: "We'll have some fun."
Ice King says: "Fun's my middle name."
He goes to his electric piano and play a tune and hums along with it.
Ice King says: "Here, now, Wildberry Princess."
Ice King says: "I need you to play this."
Wildberry Princess says: "I don't know how."
Ice King says: "Well, come here, I'll teach you."
Ice King says: "Put your hand through the bars, atta princess, and uh..."
Wildberry Princess says: "I don't think I can."
Ice King says: "Just play it like I showed you."
Finn says: "Leave her alone, Ice King!"
Ice King says: "PLAY IT OR I'LL SQUISH YOU INTO JUICE!!!"
Wildberry Princess says: "Oh dear!"
Ice King says: "Yeah, keep playing it."
Ice King says: "Now everyone pick up an instrument and play it."
Ice King says: "Oh, this is going to be so much fun!"
Finn growls and Ice King goes to his drums and begins going into an drum solo out of key with the music the princesses are playing, Finn looks around.
Jake says: "What are you thinking, Finn?"
Finn says: "I've almost devised a plan."
Finn says: "I'm gonna let him drum till' I've finalized the details in my mind."
Ice King continues to drum until he pushes the drums apart and laughs.
Ice King says: "Oh, that was fun!"
Finn says: "Ah!"
Finn says: "It was fun!"
Finn says: "Hey, you should get some more fun stuff."
Ice King says: "You're right!"
Ice King says: "Good idea, Finn."
Finn says: ""Good idea," indeed."
Ice King says: "I hope they think I'm fun."
Finn says: "Alright."
Finn says: "I've got a plan on how to get out of here."
Finn says: "First everyone needs to be dancing and laughing and saying fun stuff like "Whoopee"!"
Finn says: "Okay, when the Ice King comes back, everyone play it up, like we want him to come inside the jail and party with us and when he steps inside, I'm gonna beat the tar out of him with these..."
Finn says: "..."
Finn says: "while you all take care of Jake."
Finn says: "Everyone on board with this?"
The princesses mumble in agreement.
Jake says: "Sweet plan, dude!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I think by everyone saying "whoopee" the plan won't work cause he'll know we're faking it."
Finn says: "Good point, Lumpy Space Princess."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I'm gonna say something fun like "Oh yeah, I'm having a fun time!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Oh my gosh, havin' the best time I've ever had in my entire life!"
Ice King reenters the room with a board game.
Ice King says: "Make way for the fun tray!"
Ice King says: "Whoa, what's happening?"
Everyone in the jail cell is partying.
Ice King says: "What is this?"
Finn says: "We're having fun!"
Finn says: "Whoopee!"
Ice King says: "Because I left the room?"
Jake says: "Because they like it here."
Jake says: "Because they like you."
Jake says: "Because you're a really fun guy!"
Ice King says: "I don't get this."
Finn says: "He's not buying it."
Finn says: "Dance harder."
They dance faster.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Come on in here and party."
Finn says: "Wanna dance with us, Ice King?"
Finn says: "Come on!"
Ice King says: "Me?"
Ice King says: "You want to dance with me?"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Oh yeah!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Whoo!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Woohoo!"
Ice King says: "Yes!"
Ice King says: "Yes!"
Ice King says: "Whoopee!"
Finn jump kicks him and the princesses run out of the room carrying Jake.
Ice King says: "Wait, no!"
Ice King says: "Why are you doing this?"
Ice King says: "Everyone was finally warming up to me."
Finn says: "No!"
Finn says: "That is not the case!"
Finn says: "You're nuts, man!"
Finn says: "And I don't know how to help you!"
Finn says: "Probably because I'm just a simple dude."
Finn says: "So maybe you should talk to someone with more life experience, like Jake!"
Jake is being ice picked free by Hot Dog Princess and Wildberry Princess.
Jake says: "Whoa, whoa, whoa, Finn, what are you doing?"
Jake says: "Don't dump the Ice King on me!"
Finn says: "But you gotta get it in you're head, man!"
Finn says: "Putting princesses in jail is wrong!"
Ice King jumps up.
Ice King says: "Bah!"
Ice King says: "Finn, you just ruined my chances with 5 or 6 potential wives!"
Ice King says: "For that you will..."
In a dream Ice King is having, he is flying through space, naked and covered by his beard.
Ice King says: "Why do people not like me?"
Ice King says: "Is it because I'm a magic user or is my beard too shaggy?"
Ice King says: "I try so hard to be a good husband for girls."
Ice King says: "What's wrong with me?"
The Cosmic Owl appears.
Comic Owl says: "Hoo."
Comic Owl says: "You're a sociopath."
Ice King says: "Who are you?"
Ice King says: "What happened?"
Ice King says: "Princesses?"
Ice King says: "Ohhh..."
Outside in the Ice Kingdom, Jake is carrying Finn and the princesses on his back, everyone is cheering happily.
Slime Princess says: "Thank you, Finn."
Finn says: "You're welcome, Slime Princess!"
Slime Princess says: "And remember when you vowed to marry us to the thing of our choosing?"
Finn says: "Yeah..."
Slime Princess says: "Well, I'd like to marry you."
Everyone else says: "Ooooh!"
Finn says: "Jake, help me!"
Jake says: "Oh, eh..."
Jake says: "Slime Princess, you shouldn't marry Finn."
Jake says: "He pees his pants constantly."
Jake says: "All the time."
Princesses says: "Ewww!"
Slime Princess says: "Oh, gross!"
Slime Princess says: "Put me down!"
Slime Princess says: "Put me down!!!"
Finn says: "Heh heh, I'm sorry."
Finn says: "Jake!"
Jake laughs as the Adventure Time logo appears and the episode ends.