The episode begins with Finn sitting at a table in a dark room, humming to himself, and patting the table. Princess Bubblegum enters.
Finn says: "Good morning, Princess!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "You scared me!"
Finn says: "I am sorry, Princess!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "What are you doing here, Finn?"
Finn says: "Since I got out of my last relationship, I've been slackin' on the job."
Finn says: "So I'm rededicating my life to protecting, serving, and meeting your every need."
Finn says: "Jake said I was acting bananas about the whole thing and wanted no part of this."
Princess Bubblegum says: "It's 5:30 in the morning."
Finn says: "That's right, Princess."
Finn says: "I'm gettin' back on the job hardcore, giving 100% of my being all for you."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Thank you, that's very nice."
Finn says: "No need to thank me, PB."
Finn says: "It's my job."
Princess Bubblegum takes a carton of eggs from the fridge to the stove and sets them down. She reaches for the knob to turn on the stove, but Finn steps in and turns it for her.
Finn says: "Heh."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Thank you."
Finn says: "How am I doin' my job, Princess?"
Finn says: "Am I crushin' it?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yes, but can you move just a bit..."
Finn moves his arms up and down slightly.
Princess Bubblegum says: "No, no, like, out of the way."
Finn says: "Oh!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Okay, what else do I need?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Aw, dangit, I forgot we're out of milk."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Now I have to go get it from—"
Finn says: "Hyah!"
Princess Bubblegum watches Finn run out of the kingdom. Three weeks later, Princess Bubblegum cuts the leaves off her roses. Finn climbs the balcony up to the princess with a bottle of milk, panting.
Finn says: "Milk..."
Finn says: "You wanted milk..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn, I thought you went home."
Finn says: "Yes, I do regret the slow return, but I assure you, this is the highest quality milk available."
Finn says: "It's mink's milk."
Finn says: "I milked a mink."
Finn says: "100% dedication, no limits for what I do for you."
Finn says: "I'd throw Peppermint Butler off this balcony if you ask."
Finn says: "Sorry, Peppermint Butler, just joking, but kinda sorta not."
Princess Bubblegum says: "You're really going over the top here."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Take it easy."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Princess's orders."
Finn says: "Okay, I'll just rest here."
Princess Bubblegum says: "No, no, resting on the job is not resting."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Go somewhere where you can relax!"
Finn says: "Yes, Princess."
The next scene shows Finn entering the Ooo junkyard, using his sword and slicing objects in the junkyard.
Finn says: "Did you drop this car on my lady, bro?!"
Finn says: "!"
Rattleballs says: "Leave this dump now!"
Finn says: "You dropped a car on my lady, bro."
Finn says: "Now I gotta restore her honor."
Finn says: "I hope you're wearing underwear."
Finn says: "You gonna kill me, bro?"
Rattleballs says: "No."
Rattleballs says: "Instead, I will pluck out your eyes with the point of my sword, and whenever you try to see stuff, you will think only of me, Rattleballs!"
Finn says: "Do it!"
Finn says: "I ain't a baby!"
Rattleballs says: "You have a warrior's spirit!"
Finn says: "What?!"
Finn says: "!"
Finn says: "You're just gonna tell me I'm terrible and walk away?"
Finn says: "Teach me sword stuff, man!"
Rattleballs is seen atop a car. Finn sneaks up on Rattleballs.
Rattleballs says: "I know you're back there."
Finn says: "I brought you a muffin."
Rattleballs says: "I don't eat muffins; I'm a robot."
Finn says: "Look, I know you don't know me and we got off on the wrong foot, but please, dude, teach me how to use the sword."
Finn says: "Please!"
Finn says: "You okay?"
Rattleballs says: "No."
Rattleballs says: "When I was a young robot, I went horseback riding."
Rattleballs says: "No one taught me how to post."
Rattleballs says: "The horse took a crazy jump, and I came down on the saddle hard."
Rattleballs says: "One of my gumballs bounced up inside me."
Rattleballs says: "It's been lodged in a weird spot for years."
Finn says: "Oh, here."
Rattleballs says: "More to the left!"
Rattleballs says: "Getting closer."
Rattleballs says: "Closer!"
Rattleballs says: "Thank you!"
Finn says: "Yeah, perhaps you feel a sense of indebted obligation to me?"
Rattleballs says: "Yes!"
Rattleballs says: "I will teach you the sword stuff."
Next scene shows Finn holding his sword while Rattleballs holds a basket of eggs.
Rattleballs says: "Lesson one: block my eggs!"
Finn says: "Yut!"
Finn says: "Ha, got one!"
Rattleballs says: "Hahahahaha!"
Rattleballs says: "Egg-celent!"
Next scene shows Finn standing beyond a Deadly obstacle course, blindfolded. Rattleballs spins Finn and pushes him into the course. Rattleballs throws more eggs.
Next scene show Rattleballs sitting in a hot bowl of burning charcoal. He stands up and Finn sits on the burning charcoal.
Finn says: "Yeah!"
Finn says: "That's right!"
Finn says: "I can take it!"
Next scene shows Rattleballs and Finn, who is all bandaged.
Rattleballs says: "You have done well today!"
Rattleballs says: "You have felt the sting of the yolk, endured the sizzle of the mini-BBQ."
Rattleballs says: "Perhaps you are ready to learn my secret technique."
Finn says: "Secret technique!"
Rattleballs says: "Watch!"
Finn says: "What the—"
Finn says: "?!"
Finn says: "!"
Rattleballs says: "The shadowless thrust."
Rattleballs says: "Your blade must be swift enough to slice the air between you and the target, removing all wind resistance."
Finn says: "So, am I a master swordsman now?"
Rattleballs says: "You will be if you train this hard every day..."
Rattleballs says: "for ten years..."
Rattleballs says: "and get a robot body."
Finn says: "Oh."
Finn says: "So, uh, why you livin' in this dump?"
Finn says: "You should be out in the world, saving fancy ladies and junk."
Rattleballs says: "That, my friend, is a long tale..."
Rattleballs says: "which I will tell you now."
Shop Owner says: "Stop Him!"
Banana Guards says: "Go!"
Banana Guards says: "Go!"
Banana Guards says: "Go!"
Banana Guards says: "Go!"
Rattleballs says: "Our righteous swords cut a swath through the chaos, but we were too successful."
Princess Bubblegum says: "One, two, one, two, one, two, one, two."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Okay, robots, all the number ones, go stand on that platform over there."
Princess Bubblegum says: "And all the number twos, just turn around and face the wall."
Princess Bubblegum says: "And no peeking!"
Rattleballs says: "We were programmed to follow her commands 100%, but through sheer force of will, I was able to overcome it."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Number twos!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Chop, chop!"
Rattleballs says: "I alone escaped, while my compatriots became minimalist furniture."
Finn says: "Oh, sorry!"
Rattleballs says: "I've lived as a fugitive in this junkyard ever since."
Rattleballs says: "That is why you must never tell Princess Bubblegum about me."
Rattleballs says: "If she ever found out, she would have me destroyed."
Next scene immediately shows Princess Bubblegum.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Rattleballs is still what?!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "!"
Finn says: "He asked me not to tell you, but I cannot break my oath to serve you, my lady, 100%."
Next scene, Rattleballs is seen watering some plants in the junkyard and then waters the metal cube. Rattleballs sighs to see Finn, Princess Bubblegum, Root Beer Guy and 20 Banana Guards surrounding him.
Rattleballs says: "Hello, Princess."
Finn says: "Sorry Ree-B-Z."
Finn says: "My oath to the princess comes first, but once you two talk it out, I know she'll see you mean no harm."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Banana Guards, destroy!"
Rattleballs says: "So be it!"
Finn says: "Wait!"
Banana Guards says: "CHARGE!"
Rattleballs says: "Rattleballs!"
Finn says: "RB, don't!"
Rattleballs says: "You think I'm dangerous, Princess?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Dang right I do!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "You killed all my banana guards!"
Finn says: "No, Princess, look!"
Finn says: "They're only bruised!"
Banana Guards says: "Hey, you hit me!"
Rattleballs says: "I no longer crave mindless violence."
Rattleballs says: "I have found peace in meditation, gardening, egg throwing."
Rattleballs says: "I also hope time has made you less bloodthirsty, princess, but do with me as you will."
Rattleballs says: "In my heart I still serve you, 100%."
Next scene shows five bandaged banana guards sitting on a couch, watching TV.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Ahem!"
Banana Guard says: "Oh!"
Banana Guard says: "Wow!"
Banana Guard says: "Cool!"
Banana Guard says: "Show's back on!"
Next scene shows Princess Bubblegum carrying a lantern and a sword on the sidewalk. She presses a loose brick on the wall and opens a secret passage. Finn and hooded Rattleballs are sitting by a table, drumming their hands on the table.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Everything's settled."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I don't have to go back on my order, and you can protect the kingdom from the shadows."
Rattleballs says: "Thank you, Princess."
Rattleballs says: "That's marginally better than hiding in a dump."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Wait!"
Episode ends.