The episode opens outside Tree Trunks' house. Sweet P is playing with a tiny toy digger.
Sweet P says: "Vroom, vroom!"
Sweet P says: "Kshh!"
Sweet P says: "Vroom, vroom, vroom!"
Tree Trunks says: "Sweet P!"
Tree Trunks drags a huge pot of porridge through the doorway.
Tree Trunks says: "Come and get it, Sweet P."
Sweet P says: "Oh boy!"
Sweet P says: "Breakfast porridge."
Sweet P says: "Mmm."
Sweet P says: "I think I must have the most perfect life in the whole world."
Tree Trunks says: "Oh, that's lovely."
Sweet P says: "What about you, Mama?"
Sweet P says: "Is your life perfect?"
Tree Trunks says: "Me?"
Tree Trunks says: "Yes, Sweet P."
Tree Trunks says: "I'm the happiest mama in the whole world."
Sweet P says: "Oh no, mama!"
Sweet P says: "You're sad!"
Tree Trunks says: "No, no, sweetie."
Tree Trunks says: "That's just something that happens when grown-ups think about their lives for too long."
The phone begins ringing.
Mr. Pig says: "Honey, can you get that?"
Tree Trunks enters the kitchen, where everything is spattered with oats and porridge. Mr. Pig is frantically stirring another pot. Tree Trunks goes to take the phone call.
Mr. Pig says: "Thanks, sweetie."
Tree Trunks says: "Hello?"
Randy says: "Tree Trunks?"
Randy says: "Tree Trunks, it's me, Randy."
Randy says: "Wow, it's so great to hear your voice."
Tree Trunks says: "Randy?"
Randy says: "Forgive me for being so bold, but Tree Trunks, I must see you."
Tree Trunks says: "I don't think that's a very good idea, Randy."
Randy says: "Tree Trunks, please!"
Tree Trunks says: "Um, okay, hold on."
Mr. Pig says: "Who was that, sweetie?"
Tree Trunks says: "That was, uh, the school."
Tree Trunks says: "There's a parent-teacher conference I need to go to."
Mr. Pig says: "Really?"
Mr. Pig says: "Isn't it my turn this time?"
Tree Trunks says: "No, because, um..."
Tree Trunks says: "it's my turn..."
Tree Trunks says: "?"
Mr. Pig says: "Well, if you say so."
Tree Trunks says: "Be back soon."
Mr. Pig says: "Okay."
Mr. Pig says: "Uh, bye."
The scene changes. Tree Trunks enters the Tiny Mammal Kingdom and watches a bicyclist pass by.
Tree Trunks says: "The future's wild."
She approaches a diner, where Randy is waiting in a booth. She waves to him through the window, then a flashback begins showing the same diner many years ago. A young Tree Trunks enters the diner and goes to sit with a young Randy.
Randy says: "We did it, babe."
Randy says: "We finally graduated high school."
Tree Trunks says: "Yes, Randy, we did."
Cookie says: "Tree Trunks, would you sign my yearbook?"
Tree Trunks says: "I sure will, Cookie."
Cookie says: "Would you sign your swim team photo?"
Tree Trunks says: "Yes."
Tree Trunks says: "That's my favorite."
Randy says: "When you get done with that kid stuff, let me know."
Randy says: "I got grown-up stuff to discuss."
Tree Trunks says: "I was about to say the same thing to you."
Tree Trunks says: "What?"
Randy drops to one knee and presents a ring.
Randy says: "Baby..."
Randy says: "..."
Randy says: "let me be your adventure."
Tree Trunks says: "Okay, why not?"
Flash forward to their wedding day. Randy places a ring on Tree Trunk's front foot.
Randy's father says: "Kiss her, son!"
They kiss. Flash forward again. Randy is looking at the wedding photos while he and Tree Trunks are stood on a dock, preparing to depart on their honeymoon.
Randy says: "Our wedding photos are here."
Randy says: "Just in time for the honeymoon."
Randy says: "Babe?"
Tree Trunks says: "Goodbye."
The flashback ends, and we return to the present. Tree Trunks and Randy are sat in the diner booth. Tree Trunks is recounting the memories to herself.
Tree Trunks says: ""Goodbye, Randy."
Randy says: "Okay."
Tree Trunks says: "Hmm?"
Tree Trunks says: "Oh, Randy, I'm so sorry you went to all this trouble."
Randy says: "Huh?"
Tree Trunks says: "I mean, I'm flattered, but I have a family now and I can't run away with you."
Randy says: "That..."
Randy says: "Tree Trunks, that's not why I asked you here."
Tree Trunks says: "It's not?"
Randy says: "No."
Randy says: "I just wanted to ask you for my grandmother's ring back."
Tree Trunks says: "Oh."
Randy says: "I'm going to propose to my girlfriend this weekend."
Randy says: "I've got the chocolates, and the flowers, but I need that ring."
Tree Trunks says: "Well, I'm sorry, but I threw that ring down a bottomless pit."
Randy says: "Oh no!"
Tree Trunks says: "No, wait, that's not right."
Tree Trunks says: "I used that ring to propose to my second husband, Danny."
Randy says: "Oh, no."
Tree Trunks says: "Oh, Danny."
Another flashback begins. A younger Tree Trunks is sat on the deck of La Femme Du La Mer. She has an eyepatch.
Tree Trunks says: "At sea, I made a new life for myself."
Tree Trunks says: "Mr."
Tree Trunks says: "Faidutti."
Mr. Faidutti says: "Yes, Captain Tree Trunks."
Tree Trunks says: "Mr."
Tree Trunks says: "Faidutti, pick up that mop, you bug."
Mr. Faidutti turns around and bends over to pick up the mop.
Tree Trunks says: "Mm hmm."
Crew member says: "Captain Tree Trunks, we're approaching a ship off the port bow!"
Tree Trunks says: "Good."
Tree Trunks says: "Drown all but the tightest men."
Danny says: "No!"
Tree Trunks says: "Impudence."
Danny says: "I beg of you, madam, while I am tight, my brother is not, and yet I love him."
Tree Trunks says: "Hmm."
Danny says: "My name is Daniel Prince and this is my brother, Peanut."
Danny says: "Please look into your heart and pity him, for though our family is quite wealthy, he has had a difficult life."
Danny says: "You are a very beautiful elephant, but I fear your bandit ways have made you hard."
Tree Trunks says: "He was right."
Tree Trunks says: "I left my post that very day so that I could spend the rest of my life with Danny."
Tree Trunks is seen throwing her cutlass at Mr. Faidutti's feet and departing La Femme Du La Mer in Danny's sailboat. She and Danny make out enthusiastically while "Peanut" sits beside them. The scene changes to a small island, where Tree Trunks places the ring on Danny's front foot.
Tree Trunks says: "That evening, we were wed."
Tree Trunks says: "Peanut?"
Danny says: "Kiss my mouth, baby!"
Tree Trunks says: "Yeah!"
They begin making out again. The scene changes to night. Tree Trunks and Danny are lying in a tent on the island. Danny is asleep. "Peanut" is still outside.
Crew members says: "Ah!"
Crew members says: "Woop woop woop woop woop."
Tree Trunks says: "A liar in cahoots with Mr."
Tree Trunks says: "Faidutti to get me away from my ship."
She is seen departing the island without Danny and the crew members.
Tree Trunks says: "I marooned Danny, and I kaboomed Mr."
Tree Trunks says: "Faidutti."
A violent explosion obliterates La Femme Du La Mer. Tree Trunks is seen sailing away with the wedding ring.
Tree Trunks says: "No more tight men."
The flashback ends, and the scene returns to the diner.
Tree Trunks says: "That Danny was really, really, really something."
Randy says: "Okay, I get it."
Randy says: "But what about the ring?"
Randy says: "What happened next?"
Tree Trunks says: "I savvily invested my pirate treasure and became a powerful shipping magnate."
Another flashback begins. Tree Trunks is sat in a luxurious office, overlooking the ocean as cargo ships come and go. There is a knock on the door. Tree Trunks puts in a glass eye and turns to face the door.
Tree Trunks says: "Come in."
Wyatt enters with a bouquet of roses.
Wyatt says: "Uh, I'm Wyatt, your new secretary."
Wyatt says: "These flowers are from "Robot Body Moe"."
Tree Trunks says: "Oh, again?"
Tree Trunks says: "Throw those in the trash."
Wyatt says: "Okay, ma'am."
Wyatt says: "They're a little - a little big."
Wyatt says: "Oh, boy."
Tree Trunks says: "The other way, like a vase."
Wyatt groans and begins crying, unable to figure out how to get the flowers into the trashcan. He gives up and curls into a ball on the floor, sobbing. Tree Trunks watches him, displaying no emotion.
Tree Trunks says: "He melted my heart."
Flash forward to yet another wedding. Wyatt and Tree Trunks exchange rings.
Wyatt says: "Hey-hey!"
King of Ooo, who is officiating the wedding, leans down and shoves them together so that they awkwardly kiss.
King of Ooo says: "Somebody kiss me now!"
Tree Trunks says: "I sold the company and gave all my money to the King of Ooo."
Flash forward. Tree Trunks and Wyatt are on the beach together.
Tree Trunks says: "Swim with me, Wyatt, you sweet boy."
Wyatt says: "I, uh, might keep my shirt on."
Tree Trunks says: "I thought Glob had told me, "Here's someone who needs your love."
Tree Trunks says: "" But what he really must've said was, "Go suck an egg, Tree Trunks."
Flash forward. Tree Trunks and Wyatt are in Tree Trunks' current house in the apple orchard. Wyatt reaches for a slice of apple pie but Tree Trunks pulls it away.
Tree Trunks says: "No more pie."
Wyatt says: "But that's my pie."
Tree Trunks says: "You're draining my life away."
Wyatt says: "Take care of me!"
Tree Trunks says: "No."
Tree Trunks says: "You've emptied me of my joie de vivre."
Wyatt says: "I'm throwing it in a bottomless pit!"
Flashback ends. Once more, the scene is back in the diner.
Randy says: "Wyatt threw my ring in a pit?"
Tree Trunks says: "Yeah, sorry about that."
Tree Trunks says: "Uh- huh?"
A ceiling tile gives way and Mr. Pig comes crashing down onto the table with a scream. He hits his head and falls to the floor, groaning.
Tree Trunks says: "Mr."
Tree Trunks says: "Pig, what are you doing here?"
Tree Trunks says: "Oh, no."
Randy says: "I just wanted my grandma's ring back."
Tree Trunks says: "And I just didn't want you to worry over nothing."
Mr. Pig says: "R-Really?"
Mr. Pig says: "Oh, geez."
Wyatt says: "There you are!"
Wyatt says: "How could you, Tree Trunks?"
Tree Trunks says: "Wyatt?"
Tree Trunks says: "You've been following me?"
Wyatt says: "You wish, babe."
Wyatt says: "I've been following him  Tree Trunks, help me."
Wyatt says: "I need you."
Randy says: "My ring!"
Randy says: "Just give me..."
Randy pulls the ring out of Wyatt's grasp.
Wyatt says: "My suck-suck ring."
Randy says: "Aha!"
Randy says: "Gotcha!"
Mr. Pig says: "Um, I'm sorry I didn't trust you."
Mr. Pig says: "I just know you've had a lot of adventures in the past and things are kind of boring now."
Tree Trunks says: "It's true."
Tree Trunks says: "I sometimes miss those wild times, but back then, I couldn't even tell the difference between a good adventure and a bad one."
Tree Trunks says: "I was just a leaf in the wind, blown about by my whims."
Tree Trunks says: "But now I'm on solid ground."
Mr. Pig says: "Your greatest adventure?"
Tree Trunks says: "Yeah."
Danny enters.
Danny says: "Whoa, what the.."
Danny says: "?"
Danny says: "Is that Wyatt?"
Danny says: "Tree Trunks?"
Tree Trunks and Mr. Pig kiss.
Danny says: "What the heck is going on in here?"
Episode ends.