Finn and Jake are tickling an ogre's cheeks.
Finn says: "Tickle, tickle, tickle."
Jake says: "Wakey, wakey, wake."
Candy People murmur worryingly.
Finn tickles the ogre's nose, and he starts laughing, causing candy people to come out of his mouth. Then the Candy People start cheering.
Root Beer Guy says: "Wow, that was really something."
Root Beer Guy uses his card to get in his workplace then he looks back to see Finn & Jake chasing the ogre with swords.
Root Beer Guy says: "Really something."
Root Beer Guy enters his workplace.
Root Beer Guy says: "Sure, I'll hold."
Root Beer Guy says: "Hello?"
Root Beer Guy says: "I'd like to take a few minutes of your time to tell you about an amazing vitamin supplement."
Root Beer Guy says: "But first, just let me ask you: do you ever feel that no matter what you eat, you're still tired and sluggish and..."
Root Beer Guy says: "filled with nagging anxiety and doubt..."
Root Beer Guy says: "and..."
Root Beer Guy says: "?"
Root Beer Guy's boss snaps his finger at Root Beer Guy.
Root Beer Guy's boss says: "Root Beer guy, get your head back in the game!"
Root Beer Guy says: "Hello, ma'am, I'd like to take a few minutes of your time..."
Root Beer Guy says: "hello?"
Chocolate Bar says: "What we need is to cut out the middle man."
Root Beer Guy says: "Hey."
Gumdrop Guy says: "Dude, we should start our own place."
Root Beer Guy is walking in the train station. He opens a comic book in the train.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Next stop, Lollipop Park Estates."
Root Beer guy walks down the street and appears in the house eating.
Root Beer Guy says: "This is good."
Root Beer Guy says: "What is this?"
Cherry Cream Soda says: "Candy..."
In the bedroom.
Cherry Cream Soda says: "I've got a closing argument tomorrow, Root Beer Guy."
Root Beer Guy closes his book and places it to the side and switches off the night light. He gets off the bed and takes out a typewriter. He then brings the typewriter to the kitchen.
Root Beer Guy says: "I knew there was trouble."
Root Beer Guy says: "I could smell it on the hot evening breeze."
Root Beer Guy says: "Fortunately for me, trouble is my favorite thing because I'm Joe Milkshake."
Root Beer Guy says: "I kicked down the door with one swift, decisive motion..."
Root Beer Guy says: "No..."
Root Beer Guy says: "With one swift and decisive motion, I kicked down the door..."
Root Beer Guy says: "No..."
Root Beer Guy says: "The door was kicked down by me swiftly with not many motions, but a whole lot of decisiveness was used by me that was apparent to everybody..."
Root Beer Guy says: "oh."
His cat points at the door to Root Beer Guy. Root Beer Guy opens the door and hears a scream.
Princess Bubblegum says: "What are you doing?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Let me go!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "No!"
Finn throws Princess Bubblegum into a chest and Jake closes it and they both high-five each other.
Finn says: "Yeah."
Jake says: "Yeah."
Jake changes shape to a truck and Finn places the chest at the boot. Finn gets into the truck and they drive away. Root Beer Guy rubs his eyes and goes back to bed.
Root Beer Guy says: "Hey, hey, are you awake?"
Cherry Cream Soda says: "Not really."
Root Beer Guy says: "Well, this is going to sound crazy, but I think I saw Princess Bubblegum get kidnapped and the perpetrators were that Finn and Jake!"
Cherry Cream Soda says: "Okay, sweetie, that sounds like an interesting dream."
Cherry Cream Soda goes back to sleep.
Root Beer Guy says: "But it did happen."
Cherry Cream Soda says: "You need to eat something before you go to work."
Cherry Cream Soda says: "And you can't keep falling asleep at your typewriter; it's bad for your back."
Cherry Cream Soda says: "Besides, I miss you at night."
Root Beer Guy says: "I'm sorry, sweetie."
Root Beer Guy says: "I couldn't stop thinking about that weird stuff I saw last night when I was peeking through the bushes."
Cherry Cream Soda says: "Peeking through the bushes?!"
Cherry Cream Soda says: "!"
Cherry Cream Soda says: "You've been warping your mind with all this mystery stuff."
Cherry Cream Soda says: "I swear, sometimes I think you love that novel of yours more than you love me."
Cherry Cream Soda says: "You've been working on it every night for ten years and for WHAT?"
Cherry Cream Soda says: "Look at me, Root Beer Guy."
Cherry Cream Soda says: "I'm a Cherry Cream Soda and I have the same needs as any other Cherry Cream Soda!"
Cherry Cream Soda says: "Or even diet cream soda."
Root Beer Guy says: "I didn't know what to say, but Joe Milkshake never was a talky guy."
Root Beer Guy says: "On my way to work that morning, I decided to take a second look at the crime scene."
Root Beer Guy looks up at the 'BG CCTV' sign and then looks up at the CCTV. He walks towards a pit with a 'Lake Butterscotch' matchbook and picks it up. He then hears voices of his boss and then the scene moves back to his workplace.
Boss says: "Root Beer Guy."
Boss says: "Root Beer Guy."
Boss says: "Root Beer Guy, how many bottles of products you've sold this month?"
Root Beer Guy says: "Zero?"
Boss says: "Great, you can count to zero."
Root Beer Guy says: "You know, maybe if you give me the new lead..."
Boss says: "Hmph, you haven't earned the new leads."
As the boss walks away, Root Beer Guy turns his head to see Finn and Jake at the window. He runs out of the workplace.
Chocolate Bar says: "It's easier to do it when you have all the leads."
Gumdrop Guy says: "Exactly."
Chocolate Bar says: "Hey, Root Beer Guy."
Gumdrop Guy says: "It's all about the leads."
Finn says: "See?"
Finn says: "I told you, it's candy stucco."
Finn says: "Stucco feels great."
Jake says: "Mmm, when you're right you're right."
Root Beer Guy says: "Alright, you two, what were you doing last night with Princess Bubblegum?"
Jake says: "Um, we were at home last night."
Finn says: "Yeah, we were doing that..."
Finn says: "thing."
Jake says: "That was a great thing we were doing at home with no other witnesses."
Finn says: "But we're each other's witnesses."
Finn says: "Yeah!"
Jake says: "Yeah!"
Root Beer Guy says: "But I saw you."
Finn says: "Look, man, you didn't see nothing."
Finn and Jake walk away and Root Beer Guy follows them but stops at Captain Banana Guard.
Root Beer Guy says: "Mr."
Root Beer Guy says: "Banana Guard, you gotta arrest those guys."
Root Beer Guy says: "Come on!"
Root Beer Guy pulls Captain Banana Guard from the stand he was standing on and other Banana Guards follow them.
Root Beer Guy says: "These are the guys, they're kidnappers."
Root Beer Guy says: "You have to arrest them and find out how they're hiding Princess Bubblegum."
Jake says: "Princess Bubblegum?"
Jake says: "She's right around the corner."
Jake says: "Oh princess Bubblegum!"
Jake says: "I think some banana guards want to speak with you."
Jake comes out with his body creating a "Princess Bubblegum".
"Princess Bubblegum" says: "Where are those Banana Guards?"
Banana Guards says: "Your highness."
Banana Guards says: "Greetings, your majesty."
Banana Guard says: "Your skin is looking lovely today."
"Princess Bubblegum" says: "I'm using this marmalade spray-on tan..."
Root Beer Guy looks at the BGCCTV surveillance depot.
Root Beer Guy says: "Bingo bango."
Root Beer Guy says: "This was my lucky break."
Root Beer Guy tries to open the door but is unable to.
Root Beer Guy says: "With one decisive motion, I kicked down the door."
"Princess Bubblegum" says: "So..."
"Princess Bubblegum" says: "being tan is my thing now..."
Root Beer Guy says: "Quickly, I scanned the room for the..."
Root Beer Guy says: "oh man."
Root Beer Guy says: "Caramel Court, Cotton Candy Prison, Lollipop Park Estates!"
Root Beer Guy says: "Bingo ban..."
Banana Guard opens the door.
Banana Guard says: "Aha!"
Banana Guard says: "Huh?"
Banana Guard says: "Umph."
Banana Guard walks away.
Root Beer Guy says: "Bingo bango."
Root Beer Guy was seen shaped like the other tapes. He goes back to the house with the tape.
Cherry Cream Soda says: "Bonsoir, monsieur."
Cherry Cream Soda says: "Would you like me to turn down ze bed?"
Root Beer Guy says: "Um, look what I got!"
Root Beer Guy says: "This security tape will show that Finn and Jake kidnapped Princess Bubblegum."
Cherry Cream Soda says: "Finn and Jake would never do that!"
Root Beer Guy says: "Oh, yeah?"
Root Beer Guy says: "Prepare to have your mind blown!"
Root Beer Guy says: "After I put this tape in the VCR just to make sure I got the right one."
Root Beer Guy says: "I'm pretty sure I did!"
Root Beer Guy puts the tape in the VCR and Cherry Cream Soda is seen calling someone right after.
Root Beer Guy says: "Hey, yes, this is it!"
Root Beer Guy says: "Bingo bango!"
Root Beer Guy says: "I've gotta get to the..."
Root Beer Guy says: "Are you in the tub, sweetie?"
Root Beer Guy says: "I'm going out!"
Root Beer Guy says: "I've gotta get this tape to the Banana Guards or the newspaper or maybe the DA or something!"
Root Beer Guy puts on his suit and carries his suitcase and opens the door to find Finn and Jake.
Jake says: "Hey, Root Beer Guy."
Jake says: "You were not supposed to view this tape."
Root Beer Guy says: "But..."
Root Beer Guy says: "but..."
Root Beer Guy says: "how did you guys know?"
Cherry Cream Soda says: "I told them."
Cherry Cream Soda says: "That's right, I did it for us."
Cherry Cream Soda says: "Oh, this thing is eating you alive, Root Beer Guy!"
Root Beer Guy says: "But it's all I've got!"
Cherry Cream Soda sobs and runs to the other room, Root Beer Guy tries to follow her but Jake stops him.
Jake says: "Hey, this looks kinda personal."
Finn and Jake leaves and Root Beer Guy follows them again and walks into the Pudding's Hardware.
Root Beer Guy says: "Mr."
Root Beer Guy says: "Pudding."
Buck Pudding says: "Oh, you can just call me Buck."
Root Beer Guy says: "Oh, Buck, those."
Buck Pudding says: "No need to be formal here, son."
Root Beer Guy says: "T-those guys were just in here, can you tell me what they bought?"
Buck Pudding says: "Well, let's see."
Buck Pudding says: "A shovel, a saw, some plastic bags, some duct tape, a bludgeon, a mop, rubber glove."
Root Beer Guy says: "Say, Mister Buck, do you know anything about this Lake Butterscotch?"
Buck Pudding says: "A right nice spot, Lake Butterscotch."
Buck Pudding says: "Miles from where anyone can hear a person scream..."
Buck Pudding says: "if a person was screaming for some reason."
Buck Pudding says: "Creepy now that I think about it."
Buck Pudding says: "Nothing up there these days but some abandoned caverns."
Buck Pudding says: "Nice place to hide a body if you're into that sort of thing."
Root Beer Guy runs to his truck.
Buck Pudding says: "Son, now what are you doin' in my pickup truck?"
Root Beer Guy drives to the Lake Butterscotch. He stops his truck at spots Finn and Jake on a boat with Princess Bubblegum. He looks at the telephone. The Banana Guards at the BGCCTV Surveillance Depot pick up the call.
Banana Guard says: "Yeah?"
Root Beer Guy says: "Don't hang up!"
Root Beer Guy says: "Uh, I'm Root Beer Guy."
Root Beer Guy says: "I'm the guy who kidnapped Princess Bubblegum!"
Root Beer Guy says: "Yeah, yeah, wrapped her in a carpet, yeah, and I'm gonna dump her in Lake Butterscotch!"
Root Beer Guy says: "I'm completely insane, ahahahaha, but you still have time to stop me."
Root Beer Guy says: "Get up to Lake Butterscotch right now, Banana Guard..."
The Banana Guard does not respond.
Root Beer Guy says: "Uh..."
Root Beer Guy says: "and I took a boat out after 8 o' clock."
Banana Guard drops phone.
Banana Guard says: "Emergency!"
Banana Guard says: "Quickly, Lake Butterscotch!"
Banana Guards run out making siren-like noises and head to Lake Butterscotch.
Banana Guard says: "Use the licorice lace lasso!"
A Banana Guard throws a rope around Root Beer Guy, pulling Root Beer Guy as Finn dumps Princess Bubblegum into the water.
Root Beer Guy says: "Oh, my word."
Root Beer Guy says: "Get those guys."
Root Beer Guy says: "They're my accomplices."
Banana Guard says: "Oh, okay."
Another Banana Guard says: "I got it!"
Banana Guard throws rope at the boat where Finn and Jake are on while the other Banana Guard handcuffs Root Beer Guy.
Banana Guard says: "Busted, you boat crimer."
The other banana guard pulls the boat closer from the fog, revealing Finn and Jake.
Banana Guard says: "Finn and Jake?"
Finn says: "Well, guys."
Finn says: "It looks like you caught us."
Finn pulls out a telephone from his backpack.
Finn says: "Okay, Princess, you can come out now."
Princess Bubblegum gets out of the lake.
Root Beer Guy says: "Princess!"
Princess Bubblegum takes out her breathing tube.
Banana Guard says: "Uh, yeah, it is the princess!"
Princess Bubblegum takes out the gas tank and mat, clears throat and throws confetti.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Congratulations."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Whee!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Whee!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "You were so good at solving the case."
Banana Guard says: "Um..."
Banana Guard says: "what case?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "The fake kidnapping!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "To test the Candy Kingdom security system."
Banana Guard says: "We didn't solve that case."
Princess Bubblegum says: "But if you weren't following the clues I left, who was?"
Banana Guard says: "Um, Root Beer Guy!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Then why the jumping jay is he in handcuffs?!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "!"
All the Banana Guards begin to murmur and Princess Bubblegum frowns. The scene moves to Root Beer Guy's house. Root Beer Guy is putting on his tie while singing a little tune and Cherry Cream Soda kisses him.
Cherry Cream Soda says: "That was a great night , baby."
Root Beer Guy says: "We haven't danced like that in years!"
Root Beer Guy puts on his police hat.
Cherry Cream Soda says: "I'm so proud of you, Mr."
Cherry Cream Soda says: "Captain of the Banana Guards."
Root Beer Guy opens the door, letting his cat and Cherry Cream Soda and they both hold hands as they walk away. The camera moves to Root Beer Guy's typewriter in the trashcan.
The episode ends.