The episode begins with Finn in his bed sleeping and snoring loudly. A wad of paper hits him on the head. He opens his eyes in surprise, looks around, and turns to see Jake holding a piece of paper and smiling.
Jake says: ""When did you make your sign?"
Finn says: ""Last night when I saw you writing yours"."
Jake says: ""You fancy a wager, buddy?"
Finn says: ""Bringeth it on, sir!"
Jake says: ""Can we use signs?"
They both begin to write on the rest of their papers.
In the kitchen breakfast was made, a pot of coffee is on a warmer and Jake and Finn sit with their plates in front of them. Finn gives a thumbs up.
Jake says: ""..."
Jake says: "of the breakfast, I mean"."
Jake says: ""the juice?"
Jake says: "", "the toast?"
Jake says: "", "the jam?"
Jake says: ""."
Jake says: ""the Tea?"
Jake says: ""You didn't write enough signs, did you dummy?"
They both turn to a sound of walking, it is BMO.
BMO says: "Finn, Jake, I invited some Bikini Babes over to dance to this song!"
BMO says: "Um, why are you not talking?"
Finn and Jake ruffle through their signs for a response. Jake turns over a sign "the juice?", followed by Finn with "Me too".
BMO says: "What?"
Outside of the wall Finn and Jake listen for BMO. Finn puts a cup to the wall while Jake stretches his ear to another hole. He hears BMO's whimpering; Finn hears it too and taps the wood.
Inside BMO turns to the direction of the noise and covers its speakers. Back outside Finn stopped tapping the wall while Jake knocks on it. This causes BMO to panic more.
BMO says: "Oh oh, what should I do?!"
BMO says: "!"
Outside of the Tree Fort a single Bikini Babe with green skin and black hair comes walking over a hill, she arrives at the fort and knocks on the door.
Bikini Babe says: "BMO?"
Back inside.
Jake says: ""Don't touch my signs"."
Finn says: ""Of course not, man"."
When he gets to the wall he realizes he as well as the headlamp can't fit, so he shrinks down and fits through the hole, only to attempt to pull in the headlamp afterwards, when it doesn't fit he leaves it behind.
Now inside the wall he passes a spider's web and flicks it. This wakes up a spider who angrily points at him and shakes its fist. Jake merely gives a thumbs up and blows the spider a kiss. The spider calms down and waves by to Jake as he continues on.
Jake arrives at the sleeping area of six mice who all have their own bed starting from largest to smallest. An alarm above the beds rings for morning and the mice awake, and from smallest to largest they all exit the beds and head to a running wheel, the largest mouse is turning a crank for the wheel to move as the small ones play on it. Jake then leaves.
He comes to a bag of dice and a branch that grew to look like stairs. At the bottom of the stairs is a small paper with the words "Private" written on it. Jake walks up the stairs and sees a small man typing away on a type writer. The man finishes typing on the paper to remove it from the machine and places it on other stacks of papers. Jake grabs the just laid paper, reads it and then stretches his arm out back to the kitchen. There it is seen that Finn has disobeyed Jake and looked through his signs as well as mixing them up with is own. When Jake's arm arrives with the tiny paper, Finn is surprised and drops the ones he had. He grabs the small paper and it reads "Life in the wall is a drag, man". Finn sets the paper on the table and grabs one from Jake's pile and hands it to him.
Back inside the wall Jake gets the message "I hear you, man". He folds this up and places it in a pocket he made from stretching. Leaving the area he ends up at a cat shaped sarcophagus. From the outside "No Wonder I" can be heard. Jake pulls the sarcophagus open to see BMO, the song stops and it yells at Jake.
Outside the Tree Fort four more Bikini Babes have arrived, one with green skin and brown hair in pigtails knocks on the door.
Bikini Babe says: "BMO, BMO are you home?"
Bikini Babe says: "BMO, we're here to dance with you!"
Finn says: ""Jake, what are you implying?"
Finn says: "That I would touch your signs after being expressly forbidden to do so?"
Finn says: ""."
Finn says: ""about BMO?"
Finn says: ""What?"
Finn says: "???"
Jake goes to a table with a TV and piles games and other electronic equipment. He grabs a stack and places them by the hole BMO dived through, Finn grabs a stack himself. Jake then gets an electric fan and places it in front of the games, Finn turns on the fan and a scent trail wafts through the hole. BMO pops its head out and sniffs, as it is about to grab one of the games it looks up to see Finn and Jake hiding in the kitchen behind tables, a bottle has been knocked over by Finn.
They both walk out from their hiding place holding up signs "It's OK!". BMO gives a small scream, trips and runs back to the hole in the wall. When Finn and Jake get there they can hear BMO playing "No Wonder I" again.
Outside the Tree Fort more Bikini Babes have arrived and wonder what is happening. "I don't know, I don't have nothing else to do" says one, "Yeah" replies another. One of them looks upwards towards the roof, she has light green skin with blond hair in a bandana, she flaps her hands and flies upward. This results in others following her lead, they all land on the roof.
While back inside Finn and Jake are at a table and have spread all their signs on it. They have been ripping pieces to compile a message for BMO. As Jake places the last piece they shake hands.
The message "BMO we love you we're Finn and Jake for real! We're not talking today because we're playing a game! We love you!".
BMO says: "No way fake boys!"
BMO says: "I am never coming out!"
Jake runs to a wall with an axe and grabs it, he begins to chop at the wall. Finn has also gotten an axe to join him. All of their chopping causes the wall to split and the roof to collapse. The Bikini Babes land on the floor. They sit confused for a bit until BMO's voice is heard.
BMO says: "Bikini Babes!"
BMO says: "They're not Finn and Jake!"
BMO says: "Get them!"
While behind the table Finn holds up a sign "Let's split up", followed by Jake with "Okay". As they split up two groups of Babes go after them. A Bikini Babe with green skin;orange hair grabs Finn in a chokehold while another with light blue skin;black hair grabs Jake by the leg. Finn manages to flip the Babe that was chocking him and runs. Jake is now captured by two Babes, one with dark blue skin;curly black hair- they tug at his stretched arms.
Meanwhile BMO sits on the shoulders of a light blue;ponytail purple haired Babe and pumping its fist. As the fight continues the pigtailed Babe chases Finn, hitting him with a plank of wood. Finn is in pain but simply flips up the signs "OUCH", "OW", "HEY".
The fight continues but some of the Babes have stopped to dance a bit, and Jake is being treated like a volleyball, being palmed by two Babes; the dark blue and now a light blue;brown hair. Back to Finn who is trying to keep three Babes at bay with a chair.
The scene shifts to the pigtail Babe who is sitting on the stove shaking maracas with a sign in her mouth "the jam?".
Finn has broken free of the group, tosses the chair and runs. Jake on the other hand is surrounded by three Babes with one sitting on him punching him in the head. He tosses her off and begins to intimidate them with Kung-fu hand movements, they all stare and begin to back away. This doesn't deter two of the Babes as they dive for Finn and Jake and hold them down. Finn is seen dragging himself as a light blue;short purple haired Babe hangs on. The green skin;black haired Babe pulls Jake's arm above his head and pinches him all over when she pinches his jowls Jake yells out loud,.
Jake says: "Ow, ow!"
Jake says: "Okay fine!"
Jake says: "Uncle uncle, please stop pinching me Bikini Babe!"
Jake says: "."
BMO says: "Finn?"
BMO says: "Jake?"
BMO says: "For real?"
Finn says: "We were just playing a game, BMO."
BMO says: "Oh, I don't care."
BMO says: "Let's just-a party!"
They all dance around when suddenly a brown object crashes through the roof, it is the Party God.
Party God says: "Party, party, party!"
Party God says: "Ooouuuu!"
Ending credits says: "Armen Mirzaian 1977-2013."
Episode ends.
Notes.