The episode begins in Princess Bubblegum's room where she is sleeping in her favorite t-shirt. The cuckoo clock above her bed sounds an alarm, dangling a cat from a spring in Princess Bubblegum's face. She wakes up.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Okay, okay, I'm up."
She opens her closet, which contains a photograph of her with Marceline on the inside of the door, and takes out a jacket which she puts on over her t-shirt.
Scene cuts to a different room in The Candy Castle, where Princess Bubblegum is speaking with her back to a curtained window.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hey, everybody."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I've asked you here today because you are the best of the best."
Finn, Jake, Cinnamon Bun, Peppermint Butler, Manfried, and three Banana Guards are shown facing Princess Bubblegum. Jake picks his nose.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Anyway, recent data shows an increased chance of threat to the Candy Kingdom."
Princess Bubblegum says: "So I'm developing a new defense."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hit it!"
Gumball Guardian starts blowing sleeping gas through the window at them.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Now make a fist with your brain and punch against sleepy times, saying, "No!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "NOOO!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "NOOOOO!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Don't go on gentle into that good night."
Gumball Guardian stops blowing. Cinnamon Bun coughs. Princess Bubblegum turns around and sees that all but Cinnamon Bun have fallen asleep.
Cinnamon Bun says: "Hi!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Marceline!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "You're up late."
Marceline says: "No time for chitchat."
Marceline says: "Let's hang out—"
Marceline says: "right now."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hmm, I don't know."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I'm, uh, kinda busy."
Cinnamon Bun says: "Uh,  hi."
Marceline says: "Listen, Bub-Bubs."
Marceline says: "I tracked down Maja the Sky Witch."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, what?!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "!"
Marceline says: "Yeah, I tailed her to an enchanted forest, but it's all jammed up with barrier spells."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Ohhh, I think I see where this is going."
Marceline says: "Well, you love getting out your big brain and..."
Marceline says: "and..."
Marceline says: "I just thought it'd be cool to spend some quality time with you."
Marceline says: "I need your help, okay?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "But why are you so interested in finding Maja?"
Marceline says: "It's just really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really important to me."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Whoa."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Okay, but—"
Marceline says: "Come on, I got your pack-pack."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Um, sure, but—"
Marceline says: "Hold on to that "but," PB."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Whee!"
Cinnamon Bun says: "Haha!"
Cinnamon Bun says: "Whee."
Scene cuts to Princess Bubblegum and Marceline walking towards the enchanted forest. Marceline tries to go through some vines but is stopped.
Marceline says: "Gah!"
Marceline says: "Something's wrong."
Marceline says: "Huh?"
Marceline says: "Hey!"
Marceline says: "Let's just blow the whole thing up."
Princess Bubblegum says: "It's a Sleeping Gate Bramble."
Marceline says: "How do we kill it?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "All we have to do is take the path of least resistance."
Marceline says: "Alright, so where is it—"
Marceline says: "the path?"
Marceline says: "Wow!"
Marceline says: "Wild digs."
Marceline says: "It's..."
Marceline says: "pink."
Princess Bubblegum says: "It's running backwards."
Princess Bubblegum says: "There's serious witchery afoot here."
Marceline says: "Come on, Princess."
Marceline says: "We don't got all night."
They walk deeper into the forest.
Marceline looks up to see several totems hanging by ropes in the trees.
Princess Bubblegum says: "What are those things?"
Marceline says: "Totem cairns."
A crow-rabbit hybrid sitting on a branch caws.
Marceline says: "That's Maja's Crabbit Familiar."
Crabbit caws and flies away, dropping a feather. The feather falls to the forest floor and disappears with a sizzle.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Wibba-wha?"
The ground where the feather landed swells up and forms a exact likeness of Hambo.
Hambo says: "Marceline!"
Hambo says: "It's me!"
Marceline says: "Hambo!"
Hambo says: "Yeah, girl."
Hambo says: "What took you so long?"
Hambo says: "I thought you gave up on me."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Your teddy bear?"
Marceline says: "I'm sorry, man!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yo, wait a sec!"
Marceline says: "WHAT?!"
Marceline says: "!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Marcy, how old are you?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "It's a trick, right?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Come on!"
Hambo says: "Help me out, dum-dum!"
Hambo says: "Boo-hoo."
Marceline says: "Buddy!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "NO!"
Marceline says: "BONNIE!"
Princess Bubblegum throws the googoomamameter at Hambo, causing Hambo to disappear and wooden pikes to thrust upward through the ground where Hambo was.
Marceline says: "You killed him?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Don't be dense!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hambo can't even talk!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Snap out of it, girl."
Marceline says: "He's been with a witch this whole time."
Marceline says: "Maybe he can talk now."
Princess Bubblegum says: "That's seriously what this is about?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Rescuing your old teddy bear?"
Marceline says: "Yeah."
Marceline says: "Sorry I didn't tell you."
Marceline says: "You might not have come otherwise."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Um, yeah."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Raggedy Princess can make you a new Hambo in, like, three seconds..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "or Raggedy Princess can be your new Hambo."
Princess Bubblegum says: "She'd do it, too."
Princess Bubblegum says: "That girl's got, like, zero self-respect."
Princess Bubblegum says: "That's mean—"
Princess Bubblegum says: "don't tell her I said that."
Marceline says: "I'm not getting a new Hambo."
Marceline says: "There's only one Hambo."
Princess Bubblegum says: "It's just a doll."
Marceline says: "Voooooooo..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "What's that?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "You gonna bop me one?"
Marceline says: "It's comin' in for a landing."
Marceline says: "What'cha gonna do, PB?"
Marceline says: "Wanna keep dissing Hambo?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I'm sorry, Marceline."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Let's go get Hambo."
Marceline says: "Disengage."
Princess Bubblegum says: "We should track that bird-rabbit thing."
Marceline says: "Right."
Princess Bubblegum says: "There goes some broken branches."
Princess Bubblegum says: "It left a trail."
Marceline says: "I see it."
Princess Bubblegum says: "This bag's mad heavy!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Glommit!"
Princess Bubblegum swims straight down and falls out the other side into the sky.
Scene cuts to Marceline, who is walking down a hallway.
Marceline says: "Where are you, Maja, you creep?"
Marceline says: "No!"
Crabbit says: "Caw, caw!"
Marceline says: "You again."
Marceline says: "I'LL KILL YOU!"
Marceline says: "Give me Ham—"
Marceline kicks the Crabbit to the ceiling and it falls to the floor. It transforms into a muscular humanoid shape and resumes fighting.
Scene cuts to Princess Bubblegum walking into a room full of boxes and various items.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Jeez, man."
Princess Bubblegum says: "This must be all of her stolen junk."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Ugh, what a creep."
Princess Bubblegum says: ""Zumma zoom bleep blop for the purchase of Hambo."
Princess Bubblegum says: "" Whoa, WHAT?!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "!"
Maja enters the room, levitating.
Maja says: "That's my private box."
Maja says: "Maja's mitts only, ya goof."
Princess Bubblegum says: "So you purchased Hambo?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "From some weenus named Ash?"
Maja says: "That's right."
Maja says: "He was a weenus so I wrote it on there as my personal joke."
Maja says: "But the sale is still legit."
Maja says: "Hambo's mine!"
Maja says: "His body's all juice-logged with sentimental affection—"
Maja says: "a savory spell spice."
Maja says: "So get out of my face, alright?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Where's Marceline?"
Maja says: "She's busy with my Crabbit..."
Maja says: "crow-bit..."
Maja says: "crow-rabbit."
Maja says: "I knew that tranch wouldn't respect my proof of purchase."
Maja says: "So what about you, bozo?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "By the laws of my kingdom, I must honor the exchange of goods for legal tender."
Princess Bubblegum says: "But guess what—"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I'm not leaving without Hambo."
Maja says: "So what are you gonna do about it?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I'll tell you what I'm gonna do."
Scene cuts to Marceline still fighting the Crabbit. She punches it and it falls to the ground.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Marceline!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yoink!"
Marceline says: "How did you—"
Marceline says: "?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I took care of it."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Let's bust out."
Marceline breaks through the door with Princess Bubblegum riding on her back. They fall straight down into the pond.
Scene cuts to Maja looking through a window, smiling at them from a room with a cauldron. Crabbit comes crawling in with bruises and scratches.
Crabbit says: "Hambo."
Maja says: "Huh-duh!"
Maja says: "I let them!"
Crabbit says: "You what?"
Maja says: "I made a trade..."
Maja says: "for this!"
Maja says: "WHOO!"
Maja says: "Hahahaha!"
Crabbit says: "Listen, Maja."
Crabbit says: "I am not your familiar anymore."
Crabbit says: "I wanna be a dancer."
Maja says: "That's cool."
Maja says: "Then why don't you dance to this?!"
Maja says: "!"
Crabbit says: "AAAH!"
Maja says: "Nice moves!"
Maja says: "Ahahahahaha!"
Maja says: "I'm cookin' up something big, Crabbit!"
Maja says: "This is my victory lap!"
Maja says: "Ahahahahaha!"
Episode ends.