The episode begins with a shot of the sky. It is tinted pink, as are all of the clouds. The camera pans down to show Finn and Jake wading through the water towards the shore from their ship. The entire landmass, including mountains, trees, and the shoreline, are tinted pink.
Jake says: "Heck yeah!"
Jake says: "We’re home."
Finn says: "That was definitely the longest adventure we’ve ever done."
Jake says: "What about when you got trapped in a mind dungeon for a buncha years?"
Finn says: "This trip was longer in emotional time."
Jake says: "Yeah, I’m burnt out."
Jake says: "No more adventure for a while, okay?"
They reach the shoreline. Jake runs onto the nearby land.
Jake says: "Yes, yes, yes!"
He shakes the water out of fur.
Jake says: "Let’s go take hot showers!"
Finn surveys the nearby area and picks something up.
Finn says: "Hey, look at this fish."
He holds a fish up. It appears to be made of jelly.
Finn says: "It’s… gummy?"
Fish says: "Hello!"
The fish begins laughing and flopping around in Finn’s hand.
Finn says: "Hey!"
He drops it on the ground. It continues laughing and flops away.
Finn says: "Well, that’s weird."
Finn says: "We should defs check it out after we hit up the tree house."
Jake says: "Yeah."
Jake says: "We gotta get to the bottom of this hot shower."
They leave. The scene cuts to them traveling through the nearby forest. Jake has stretched to massive size and Finn is riding on his back. Everything else in view is pink.
Finn says: "Hmm."
Finn says: "Does everything seem pinker to you?"
Jake says: "Home always looks different after a long trip."
Jake says: "You’re seeing it with fresh eyes and newfound wisdom."
Jake says: "And sometimes there’s also a new strip mall or something."
Jake says: "So, everything being pink is probably not a big deal, and also, I’m tired."
BMO emerges from Finn’s backpack.
BMO says: "I like the pink."
BMO says: "Why you worry so much, worry baby?"
Jake says: "Haha, yeah, why you worry so much, worry baby?"
BMO says: "Don’t worry, Finn."
BMO says: "We are only teasing you because you are a baby."
Jake says: "Woah!"
He stops dead in his tracks. They’ve reached the tree house, which has been turned into candy and pink crystals.
Jake says: "What the heck happened to the tree house?"
Cut to a view from inside. Finn’s face appears in the window of the door to the tree house. He opens it, entering with Jake. They see that everything has been turned to candy.
Finn says: "Candy… Fern?"
As he enters, he notices a leak of something brown coming from the floor above.
Finn says: "Oh, I do not like this."
Finn, Jake, and BMO poke their heads out to survey the second floor.
BMO says: "Is this some kind of sick joke?"
BMO says: "Because I love it."
Finn spots the source of the leak, which is a knocked over bottle of Big Baby Root Beer.
Finn says: "Huh?"
Finn says: "Big Baby Root Beer?"
Finn says: "No one buys this brand."
Finn says: "It’s too sweet."
Finn picks up the bottle and puts the cap back on.
Fern says: "Hello?"
Finn and Jake gasp, startled. Fern emerges from another room, now appearing to be made of candy.
Finn says: "Ah!"
Fern says: "Hey!"
Fern says: "You look like me."
Finn says: "Fern?"
Fern says: "Who’s Fern?"
Fern says: "I’m Fun the human!"
He walks into the room. Neptr appears behind him, also seemingly made out of candy.
Neptr says: "And I’m Nectr, the little robot!"
Shelby appears from a nearby mug, now colorful and gummy.
Shelby says: "And I’m Shelby the worm… the gummy worm!"
Finn and Jake back away as Fern approaches them.
Fern says: "Welcome, strangers!"
Fern says: "It’s so cool that you’re inside our house."
Fern envelops Finn in a hug.
Finn says: "Dude, when did you guys turn into candy?"
Shelby says: "We’ve always been candy, you silly billy bean!"
Jake says: "Oh, okay, I get it."
He goes to a nearby table and grabs a piece of cake.
Jake says: "We’ve obviously stumbled into another alternate dimension where everyone’s a different version of themselves."
Jake says: "Yawn."
He eats the piece of cake.
BMO says: "But we haven’t gone through any portals."
BMO says: "BMO would know."
Neptr lightly hits her with his arm.
Neptr says: "Hello!"
BMO says: "Neptr is so cute now!"
BMO says: "I’m going to start treating him as an equal."
Finn says: "You were supposed to take care of Ooo while I was gone."
Finn says: "What happened with that?"
Fern says: "What?"
Finn says: "You used to be this volatile plant boy, remember?"
Fern says: "Really?"
Fern says: "Well, I’m candy now."
Fern says: "And, I’m in control of my emotions."
Shelby says: "I’m in control, too."
Shelby says: "Of my body!"
Shelby dances around on Jake’s belly and laughs.
Jake says: "Wow, gummy Shelby’s a lot of fun."
Jake says: "I think I’m okay with candy world."
Fern begins guzzling the root beer.
Finn says: "No way."
Finn says: "Let’s talk to P."
Finn says: "B."
Finn says: "I’m sure this is all one of her experiments gone wrong."
Cut to Neptr. BMO has crawled into Neptr’s microwave.
Neptr says: "You seem upset, friend."
Neptr says: "The tower will fix you right up."
Finn says: "The what, now?"
Fern begins guzzling a second bottle of root beer. Suddenly, a bell rings. Fern drops the bottle.
Fern says: "Oh, boy!"
Fern says: "Let’s run outside!"
Cut to outside. Fern and Neptr run out. Finn, Jake, and BMO walk behind them. They all come to a stop. A large cart comes over a hill. It’s shaped like a lemon and pulled by a pink lemon camel. The top of the cart is pulled away, revealing a pink Lemongrab in front of a row of glasses.
Lemongrab says: "Hello, it’s me!"
Fern says: "Lemonpink!"
Fern turns to Finn.
Fern says: "He was inside the lemon."
Lemongrab says: "Drink up, babies!"
Lemongrab says: "Squeeze!"
He crushes his own head, sending pink lemonade everywhere. Fern sticks his tongue out to catch some and laughs. Finn shields himself. Lemongrab begins filling each cup on his cart with lemonade.
Lemongrab says: "I used to have a lot of fear and sadness, but now I’m fine!"
Jake says: "Hey, I want some of that!"
Finn blocks Jake with his arm.
Finn says: "No."
Finn says: "That is body juice."
Lemongrab says: "Hmm?"
Lemongrab says: "What’s that?"
Lemongrab says: "Did you spurn my fluids?"
Finn says: "No…?"
Lemongrab says: "Maybe someone’s feeling a little sour!"
Fern says: "Wuh-woah!"
Neptr says: "You know what sours get!"
Shelby says: "Sours get the tower!"
Fern says: "Sours get the tower!"
Neptr says: "Sours get the tower!"
Shelby says: "Sours get the tower!"
Lemongrab says: "Sours get the tower!"
Fern says: "Sours get the tower!"
Neptr says: "Sours get the tower!"
Shelby says: "Sours get the tower!"
Lemongrab says: "Sours get the tower!"
Lemongrab sprays lemonade all over everyone. Fern sprays a bottle of root beer around.
Fern says: "Sours get the tower!"
Neptr says: "Sours get the tower!"
Shelby says: "Sours get the tower!"
Lemongrab says: "Sours get the tower!"
Fern says: "Sours get the tower!"
Neptr says: "Sours get the tower!"
Shelby says: "Sours get the tower!"
Lemongrab says: "Sours get the tower!"
Finn turns angrily to Jake, who’s joined in on the chant.
Finn says: "Come on, Jake."
Finn says: "Let’s go see Bubblegum."
Lemongrab screams as he continues to squeeze his head.
Cut to forest. Finn, Jake, and BMO hurry through the forest.
Jake says: "Stop striding!"
Jake says: "It just keeps you agitated."
Finn says: "I’m freaking out, Jake."
Finn says: "This place is weird."
Jake stretches and stops him.
Jake says: "What I’m hearing is, you’re stressed out because everything’s candy."
Finn says: "Aren’t you?"
Jake says: "Not really."
They look at the sky. All of the clouds are pink and and have smiling faces.
Jake says: "Lemongrab’s always been a weirdo."
Jake says: "At least now he’s helping people."
The clouds begin to rain jelly beans.
Jake says: "And Fern is, like, laughing and joking around."
Jake says: "Maybe they don’t need you to fix them."
Finn says: "Hmm."
Finn picks up a jelly bean and sees that it has a face.
Finn says: "I always believe you when you use that voice."
Suddenly, Finn hears crying in the distance. He flicks the bean away and looks for the source of the noise.
Finn says: "Sweet P."
Finn says: "?"
He finds Sweet P. crying under a tree.
Finn says: "Hey, buddy."
He puts his hand on Sweet P.’s arm.
Finn says: "-Hey!"
Finn says: "You’re meat!"
Sweet P. says: "Yes, I’m meat."
Sweet P. says: "But everything else is weird."
Finn says: "Wow, Sweet P."
Finn says: ", that’s almost exactly what I’ve been saying."
He slowly turns to Jake as he says this. Jake puts his hand over Finn’s mouth.
Jake says: "Sweet P."
Jake says: ", do you remember what happened?"
Sweet P. says: "One day, the candy came and turned mommy and daddy into something… different."
Tree Trunks says: "Sweet P."
Mr. Pig says: "Sweet P."
Tree Trunks says: "!"
Mr. Pig says: "!"
Sweet P. looks around, startled. A bush nearby rustles. Mr. Pig emerges. He has been turned into a Piñata.
Mr. Pig says: "We’ve been looking for you everywhere!"
Tree Trunks emerges as well, having been turned into ice cream.
Mr. Pig says: "We just love you so much, son."
Mr. Pig says: "You’re gonna get into a great college!"
Tree Trunks laughs and melts a little.
BMO says: "They look so happy, like dogs."
Finn says: "Don’t worry, Sweet P."
Finn says: "We’re headed to the candy kingdom to see Princess Bubblegum about all this."
Sweet P. says: "She’s not in the candy kingdom."
Sweet P. says: "She’s in the terrible tower."
Sweet P. says: "Look!"
He points into the distance at a massive pink structure reaching up into the clouds.
Finn says: "Come on, Jake, that’s kind of weird, right?"
BMO says: "I think it’s magnificent!"
Tree Trunks says: "Sweet P."
Tree Trunks says: "!"
Tree Trunks says: "Yoo hoo!"
Tree Trunks and Mr. Pig bring over a giant bucket and a paint roller.
Tree Trunks says: "We brought some rollers and a bucket of sweet juicy caramel."
Sweet P. walks over. Tree Trunks rolls some caramel onto his leg.
Tree Trunks says: "Let’s get you back to normal."
Sweet P. says: "But mama, I am normal!"
Tree Trunks says: "Just sit tight there like a windowpane, and you’ll be back to normal like a windowpane."
The shot zooms in on her face and her voice echoes.
Tree Trunks says: "Back to normal."
Jake says: "Hmm."
Jake says: "Okay, you’re right."
Jake says: "This is pretty freaky-deaky."
Sweet P. says: "I’m gonna go now."
He runs away and begins crying.
Finn says: "Sweet P."
Jake says: "Sweet P."
Finn says: ", come back!"
Jake says: ", come back!"
Tree Trunks and Mr. Pig chase Sweet P. Tree Trunks laughs.
Finn says: "Uh… Let’s get to the tower."
They look at the tower. Cut to Jake scaling the tower with stretched out legs. Finn and BMO are riding on his back.
Jake says: "And never be the guy with no phone, Finn."
Jake says: "You’ll think it’ll make people wanna talk to you more, but people just forget to invite you to things."
Finn says: "You’ve convinced me."
Finn says: "Plus, I like late night bedtime calls when you’re sleeping over at Lady’s."
They hear a strange sound. Jake sniffs the air.
Jake says: "Ooh."
Jake says: "Something smells nice."
Jake says: "Nice and toasty."
A massive s’more monster comes around the side of the tower and roars.
Finn says: "S’more!"
Jake says: "S’more!"
BMO says: "S’more!"
Finn says: "Stay back, s’more!"
Finn waves his sword at it. Jake stretches towards it.
Jake says: "Get it, get it, get it, get it!"
Marceline laughs.
Marceline says: "Woah, dudes."
The s’more monster turns out to be Marceline. She transforms into a more normal version of herself, though she has become marshmallow-y.
Marceline says: "I was just playin’."
Finn says: "What?"
Jake says: "What?"
BMO says: "What?"
Finn says: "Marceline?"
Jake says: "Marceline?"
BMO says: "Marceline?"
Marceline giggles.
Marceline says: "No, it’s Marshmaline, the Campfire Queen."
Finn, Jake, and BMO all struggle to say Marshmaline for a few moments.
Marceline says: "Would you like to hear a song?"
Marceline says: "I’ve written just the ditty that’ll cheer up anyone that’s overwhelmed with work or responsibility."
BMO says: "Yay!"
BMO says: "I love Marshmaline songs!"
Finn says: "No time for tunes."
Finn says: "Do you know where Bonnie is?"
Marceline says: "Of course!"
Marceline says: "Follow me."
She flies up the tower, humming Greensleeves, while the others follow her. They reach the top of the tower. Jake shrinks to normal size and sets Finn and BMO down.
Finn says: "Marshy… Where’s P."
Finn says: "B."
Finn says: "?"
Marceline says: "She’s everywhere!"
The tower rumbles. Princess Bubblegum’s face and crown emerge from the side of the tower.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Good tidings to you, my friends."
Finn, Jake, and BMO gasp.
BMO says: "Yahoo!"
Finn says: "What… What happened to you?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, this?"
She giggles.
Princess Bubblegum says: "I’ve become what I was always meant to become: A pure candy elemental."
She vomits jelly beans all over them. Finn and Jake shield themselves while BMO cheers and laughs. Princess Bubblegum burps once she’s done vomiting.
Princess Bubblegum says: "‘Scuse me."
Finn says: "What about Tree Trunks, and Lemongrab, and Marceline, and everyone else?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I fixed ‘em, obviously."
Finn says: "“Fixed ‘em?"
Finn says: "” But they’re your friends!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Those aren’t mutually exclusive concepts."
Marceline says: "That means it’s fine."
Finn says: "No."
Finn says: "It’s not fine!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Don’t fret."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I can fix you too."
Her arms emerge from either side of her face. Finn, Jake, and BMO look down to see themselves slowly becoming pink. Jake dances around and moans.
Finn says: "I can feel my bones turning gummy!"
BMO says: "Me, too!"
Finn and Jake begin running away.
Marceline swoops down and holds them in place.
Marceline says: "Hugs!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I’m connected to all candy throughout all the galaxies."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Once you’re candy, you’ll be part of me too!"
Finn and Jake struggle.
Finn says: "No!"
Finn says: "That plan sucks."
He punches Marceline in the face. Her marshmallow-ness absorbs the hit. She mumbles, her face caved in.
Finn says: "Oh, my gosh!"
He pulls his hand away.
Finn says: "Ah!"
Finn says: "I’m sorry!"
Finn says: "I’m sorry!"
Finn says: "I’m sorry!"
Marceline drops them. They continue running.
Finn says: "I’m sorry!"
Finn says: "I’m sorry!"
Finn says: "I’m sorry!"
Suddenly, a metal hook drops down, hitting Jake in the head.
Ice King says: "Skyhooks!"
Finn looks up to see the hook coming out of a cloud.
Finn says: "Ice King?"
Finn jumps up and grabs the hook. It begins pulling him up.
Finn says: "Hold on to me, bro!"
Jake stretches and holds on to Finn. The skyhook carries them away.
Princess Bubblegum says: "No!"
Finn says: "Wait, we forgot BMO!"
Finn and Jake are pulled into the clouds.
BMO says: "Goodbye, boys!"
BMO says: "It’s better this way!"
The pinkness fully envelops BMO’s body, turning BMO into a gumdrop. BMO vomits out some jelly beans. Princess Bubblegum sighs.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, well."
Princess Bubblegum says: "They’ll be back."
Marceline snaps her face back into shape. Cut to a shot of Sweet P. Running through the forest.
Princess Bubblegum says: "They have nowhere else to go."
Cut to Finn and Jake being pulled up further by the skyhook. They scream the whole way up. Cut to Ice King pulling them up onto a cloud. Finn groans as he lands. He looks around and sees that they are in a deserted Cloud Kingdom.
Jake says: "Cloud Kingdom."
Finn looks down at his legs, which are back to normal.
Finn says: "Looks like we got away before the candy curse became permanent."
Ice King says: "That’s right."
Ice King says: "My skyhooks saved the day."
Finn says: "Thanks for getting us out of there, Simon."
Ice King says: "Aw, I can’t take all the credit."
Ice King says: "It’s all thanks to my skyhooks!"
Jake walks over to the edge of the cloud and looks down. Finn approaches Ice King.
Finn says: "Hey, why are you even up here?"
Ice King says: "We live here, now."
Ice King says: "Me and the skyhooks."
Jake says: "Finn..."
Jake says: "You gotta see this."
Finn runs over and looks down. He gasps.
Finn says: "Oh..."
Finn says: "my..."
Cut to a shot of the continent, which appears cleanly cut into quadrants. The top left quadrant is pink, the top right quadrant is icy blue, the bottom left quadrant is gray and smoking, and the bottom right quadrant is green.
Finn says: "..."
Finn says: "butt."
Ice King says: "Skyhooks!"
Episode ends.