Atop the walls of the Candy Kingdom, Princess Bubblegum is tying a saddle on her Swan. Peppermint Butler comes running up, holding binoculars. Finn, Jake, and Gridface Princess are right behind him.
Peppermint Butler says: "Princess, he did it!"
Peppermint Butler says: "Root Beer Guy set up the force field!"
Finn says: "But he sacrificed himself to do it."
Jake says: "It's an ugly scene, man."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Let me see."
Darren grunts as he repeatedly tries to break the force field. She spies Root Beer Guy's remains on the ground nearby.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Rest in peace, Root Beer Guy."
Maja says: "Give up now, Princess, and I, Maja the Sky Witch, promise not to completely donk up your kingdom."
Darren says: "I make no such promise."
Darren says: "Darren must feed."
Inside the Candy Kingdom wall, Crunchy trembles in fear.
Crunchy says: "Oh, Glob!"
Crunchy says: "Oh, oh, oh!"
Maja says: "Oh, well."
Maja says: "What can you do?"
Candy Person says: "Crunchy, chill."
Candy Person says: "Chill."
Crunchy explodes.
Maja walks to the edge of a cliff.
Maja says: "Keepers of the clock, masters of dimension, bear witness!"
Maja lets go of her cloak, revealing Princess Bubblegum's rock T-shirt.
Maja says: "By my power, I compel you to converge!"
Time suddenly slows and stops. Her cloak stops in midair, and birds flying overhead are suspended.
Maja says: "Past and present, be one."
Maja says: "Awaken the terror of a forgotten age in this moment that is all moments in the blink of an eye."
The moon turns into an giant eye and blinks.
Maja says: "Darren, the ancient sleeper, arise!"
Darren rises out of the ground.
Darren says: "I had a dream I was fighting an army that could birth new soldiers from their own blood."
Darren says: "I was endless."
Darren says: "Does that make sense?"
Maja says: "Yes."
Maja says: "You want to go conquer the Candy Kingdom?"
Darren says: "What's that?"
Maja says: "It's a place that contains the highest levels of caring and sentimental affection in all of Ooo."
Darren says: "What is caring?"
Darren says: "What kind of world is this?"
Maja says: "It's a feeling I use in my magic to give me power."
Maja says: "Like this shirt that was once the prized possession of Princess Bubblegum."
Maja says: "With the feelings in this shirt, I was able to summon you."
Darren says: "I don't—"
Darren says: "walk me through this."
Maja says: "All right."
Darren says: "This kingdom of candy..."
Maja says: "Yes?"
Darren says: "I will lay it to waste, turn their people to salt."
Maja says: "Yeah..."
Darren says: "And garnish a million meals with the salt, which we will eat for eternity."
Maja says: "That's not my plan exactly, but you'll be fine."
Maja says: "I promise."
Darren says: "I promise, as well, to deliver destruction so thorough that all realities are affected."
Maja says: "Okay."
Maja says: "We'll talk about that."
Darren says: "All realities."
Maja says: "Hey!"
Maja says: "We'll talk about it!"
The flashback ends. Darren is inside the force field and Maja is hovering nearby.
Maja says: "Break this witch out, Darren."
Darren continues hitting the force field.
Princess Bubblegum says: "How long will your force field hold, Gridface Princess?"
Gridface Princess says: "The sleeper's magic is older than legend."
Gridface Princess says: "I don't know how he disabled both Gumball Guardians, but at least I know my tech is tight."
Gridface Princess says: "The field will hold long enough for you to think of a weak plan."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Colonel Candy Corn?"
Colonel Candy Corn says: "Uh, yes, Princess."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Ready the cannons."
Princess Bubblegum says: "You got me?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "If they get through that barrier, I don't want to have to use our ground troops."
Colonel Candy Corn says: "Will do, Princess."
Colonel Candy Corn says: "And let me just say..."
Colonel Candy Corn says: "thank you for putting this old crease back in the field."
Colonel Candy Corn says: "I haven't been the same since my lovely Linda passed away."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yeah."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Good luck."
Colonel Candy Corn says: "Oh, I tried dating again, you know?"
Colonel Candy Corn says: "But these young girls think I'm too serious or something."
Peppermint Butler says: "Why don't you date someone your own age?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Peppermint Butler, come on!"
Colonel Candy Corn says: "Oh, women my age don't hang out."
Colonel Candy Corn says: "Where are they hiding?"
PB hands the phone to Peppermint Butler.
Colonel Candy Corn says: "I need a young girl with an old soul to heal my heart."
Darren continues trying to break the force field, with Maja's help.
Darren says: "This is taking too long."
Maja says: "Then do the thing!"
Darren says: "I call forth the Legion of Cadmus, the Dragon's Teeth!"
A portal opens in the sky.
Colonel Candy Corn says: "What am I supposed to—"
Colonel Candy Corn says: "oh!"
Colonel Candy Corn says: "Party's starting."
Colonel Candy Corn says: "Load 'em up, soldiers!"
Candy soldier says: "Yeah, just put it in there."
Candy soldier says: "I don't know."
Colonel Candy Corn says: "Oh, dang!"
An egg drops from the portal, out of which hatches a pink monster. The first of many.
Colonel Candy Corn says: "Fire!"
The soldiers fire the cannon, exploding one of the monsters. Another one hatches and starts pommeling the force field generator, but it is hit with a cannonball. Several more eggs drop from the sky and hatch.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn and Jake, are you ready to—"
Princess Bubblegum says: "what the..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Where the jam is Finn?!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "!"
Banana Guard says: "I don't know."
Banana Guard says: "Weren't they just here?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "What the jam?!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "!"
The pink monsters continue to get blown up by cannonballs. One punches the force field generator and cracks it right before being hit.
Princess Bubblegum says: "All right."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn or no Finn, PB's got to get in that biz."
The scene switches to inside the Candy Kingdom walls.
Colonel Candy Corn says: "Why have you stopped firing?"
Candy soldier says: "We ran out of ammo, colonel."
Colonel Candy Corn says: "That's nonsense, soldier."
Outside, a pink monster runs up to the force field generator and lands a finishing blow, breaking it apart. The force field lowers.
Inside the wall, Colonel Candy Corn is inside a cannon.
Colonel Candy Corn says: "This is how you defend your kingdom!"
Colonel Candy Corn says: "Fire, you wimps!"
Colonel Candy Corn says: "Ya-ha!"
Behind him are the soldiers, who have also shot themselves out of cannons.
Candy soldiers says: "Ah!"
Colonel Candy Corn says: "For the kingdom!"
Candy soldiers says: "For the king..."
Darren blasts fire out of his mouth toward PB and the soldiers.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, zang!"
Candy soldiers says: "..."
Candy soldiers says: "ingdom!"
The soldiers take the full force of the blast. Colonel Candy Corn flips onto the ground safely and looks behind him, seeing the roasted candy soldiers.
Princess Bubblegum's swan shoots its laser at Darren, but he blocks it with his fist. Colonel Candy Corn attacks the pink giants, felling two of them. Princess Bubblegum's swan continues shooting its laser at Darren and dodging his fist.
Maja says: "Eat it, tranch!"
Maja flaps her cloak at Princess Bubblegum, sending a gust of wind toward her. The swan falls to the ground and pins Princess Bubblegum underneath it. Darren pins them both under his hand.
Darren says: "It's over, Princess."
Darren says: "Prepare to be annihilated across all dimensions."
Colonel Candy Corn says: "Princess!"
Colonel Candy Corn says: "No!"
Darren charges up his fire blast.
Maja says: "Wait, Darren!"
Maja says: "Dial it back."
Maja says: "I need her residual feelings."
Darren says: "What the flip is feelings?"
Darren says: "Darren only understands life and death!"
Out of nowhere, a laser blast burns off Darren's arm.
Darren says: "Wah!"
Maja says: "What the slizz?!"
Maja says: "!"
Finn and Jake ride in on the Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant.
Finn says: "Yeah, boy!"
Jake says: "Yeah, boy!"
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant says: "Hi, Darren."
Maja says: "The Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant?!"
Maja says: "!"
Darren says: "Eli, were you asleep forever too?"
Darren says: "All this stuff is different now."
Darren says: "What are we even doing here?"
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant says: "Yes, it's been a difficult adjustment."
Finn says: "Blaze his face, Eli!"
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant says: "Yes, master."
Darren deflects the blast to the Ice Kingdom, knocking the top off Ice King's Castle.
Ice King says: "Yo!"
Ice King says: "Leave me out of it!"
The Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant continues shooting his laser, incinerating all the pink monsters.
Maja says: "No!"
The Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant shoots a short blast at her, sending her flying into the Cotton Candy Forest. She smacks headfirst into a tree and lands on the ground, unconscious.
Darren says: "Yeah, right."
Darren shoots fire from his mouth at Finn and Jake. The Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant meets the blast with his laser. Darren slowly overtakes him.
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant says: "Finn, his weakness is his brain seed."
Finn says: "Okay!"
Jake throws Finn into Darren's open head.
Finn says: "Whoo-hoo-hoo!"
Finn says: "Whoo-hoo!"
Inside Darren's head, some branches ensnare Finn before he can reach the seed.
Finn says: "Oh, uh!"
Darren says: "Thank you."
And with these parting words, his head explodes, and the portal closes. Sparkles shoot out of his neck. So ends Darren's reign of terror.
Jake says: "Whoa!"
The sparkles land on the injured Candy soldiers, healing them.
Princess Bubblegum hugs her swan.
Banana Guard says: "Well, I guess my kids still have a daddy."
Colonel Candy Corn says: "Bam, you dope!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Party tonight in the Candy Kingdom!"
Everyone cheers.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hey, where's Finn?"
Finn says: "Hi."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Okay."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Y'all bring food and bevs."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn, you make the guac, all right?"
Finn says: "I'll make the guaaaaaaaaaaac."
At the Tree Fort, the Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant is hovering outside the window.
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant says: "Finn!"
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant says: "Finn!"
Finn says: "Yo!"
Finn says: "What's up, APTWE?"
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant says: "What do I do now?"
Finn says: "Dude, I don't know."
Finn says: "Probably not go back in the basement."
Finn says: "You're so big'uns."
Finn says: "You should be free, boy."
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant says: "Free to do what?"
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant says: "I need psychic commands."
Finn says: "Can you help me dice tomatoes for this guac?"
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant says: "No."
Finn says: "You see, man, I feel weird giving you orders."
Finn says: "You should just do your own thing."
Finn says: "Realize your potential."
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant says: "But this is what I am—"
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant says: "a war machine who serves its master."
Finn says: "No, man."
Finn says: "You're more than that."
Finn says: "Whoops."
Finn says: "I see into your brain, remember?"
Finn says: "You'll do great."
Finn says: "Just go for it."
Finn says: "I believe in you, man."
The Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant Finn back the guacamole with his trunk.
Finn says: "Oh, word."
Finn says: "Thanks."
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant says: "Maybe Darren was right."
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant says: "There's no place for my ancient ways."
Finn says: "Don't think like that, dude!"
Finn says: "Come back and see us whenevs!"
The sun sets as the Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant flies away. It sleeps in a cave. The sun rises, and an ant walks by carrying a leaf. The Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant reads its thoughts.
Ant says: "I'm doing this for a reason."
Ant says: "What choice is there?"
Baby birds says: "Hungry!"
Baby birds says: "Hungry!"
Baby birds says: "Hungry!"
Mama bird says: "Must feed babies."
Sun says: "Hey!"
Sun says: "Elephant."
Sun says: "I'm more ancient than you."
Sun says: "Someday, I will engulf the solar system."
Sun says: "What was and what will be are meaningless."
Sun says: "Meanwhile, you should wonder: are you just a two-headed pile of meat on a crash course with the cosmic dump?"
Sun says: "Or do you contain the soul memory of a million dead stars?"
Sun says: "How do you light a candle without a match?"
The Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant thinks for a moment. The scene then changes to him flying into the Cotton Candy Forest. He touches his trunk to Maja's head.
Maja says: "Hello?"
Maja says: "Who's that?"
Maja says: "Why can't I see jack?"
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant says: "You bonked your head."
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant says: "You're in a coma, but I can help."
Maja says: "Um, all right."
Maja says: "Are you, like, powerful?"
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant says: "Yes."
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant says: "I can fly and do lasers from my nose."
Maja says: "Okay."
Maja says: "I can run with this."
Maja says: "Take me to the Candy Kingdom and shoot your laser nose at it."
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant says: "No."
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant says: "I must decide, in this moment, what is best."
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant says: "For now, I am the match and the candle."
Maja says: "What?"
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant says: "I will be your friend and keep you alive, until you regain consciousness, maybe."
Maja says: "Ugh, that plan sounds like dirt!"
Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant says: "See through my eyes, Maja."
Maja says: "Ah!"
Maja says: "It's bright!"
Maja says: "Wait!"
Maja says: "You're the flippin' elephant!"
Maja says: "You laser-nosed me!"
Maja says: "Somebody help!"
Maja says: "Oh, my Glob."
Maja says: "Somebody!"
The Ancient Psychic Tandem War Elephant scoops Maja up with his trunk and takes off. A leaf falls to the ground.
Leaf says: "Well, this wasn't part of my plan."
Caterpillar says: "Hey, man."
Caterpillar says: "I'm gonna eat you."
[A picture of Root Beer Guy appears says: "Root Beer Guy," followed by a picture of Crunchy in bandages with the words, "Crunchy got put back together."
surrounded by the words says: "Root Beer Guy," followed by a picture of Crunchy in bandages with the words, "Crunchy got put back together."
"In loving memory says: "Root Beer Guy," followed by a picture of Crunchy in bandages with the words, "Crunchy got put back together."
Episode ends.