The episode opens in the evening at a party on the beach. Flags read "CLAM RAP".
Neptr says: "♪ C-C-C-C-Clam Rap ♪♪ Juicy like nectar ♪♪ My name is Neptr ♪♪ I stay rapping no matter what the weather ♪♪ I'm by the fire 'cause it's hot like a dryer..."
Finn gets a plate of clams from Crab Princess and goes over to Flame Princess, who is by the bonfire. Neptr continues rapping in the background.
Finn says: "Clams and rappin'."
Finn says: "Doesn't get any better than this, right, Phoebe?"
Flame Princess says: "It's actually my first Clam Rap."
Finn says: "♪ Clams, clams ♪♪ Ate this plate of clams ♪♪ Utensils weren't provided ♪♪ So I had to use my hands ♪♪ I'm gonna be unhappy ♪♪ If it happens agains ♪Boom!"
The other partygoers cheer for Finn.
Finn says: "Princess, what you got?"
Neptr says: "Yeah, dump it in, stir it up."
Flame Princess says: "♪ I'm like a library book, so check me out ♪♪ Read my front and back cover so you know what I'm about ♪♪ I'm straight droolin', spittin' out rhymes ♪♪ People gather round and they're waiting in lines ♪♪ I got a lot of combinations of words to throw ♪♪ To let you know I got glow ♪♪ I set it 'cause you just don't know ♪♪ So what now?"
Flame Princess says: "What's up, what's up, bro?"
Finn and the audience cheers.
Audience is unimpressed. Most of them exit, talking among themselves, except for a familiar-looking individual with a mustache.
"Victor Marilyn" says: "Hello there, young lady."
"Victor Marilyn" says: "I heard you lay down some serious rhymes earlier."
"Victor Marilyn" says: "My card."
"Victor Marilyn" says: "I'm a talent scout by trade and, uh..."
"Victor Marilyn" says: "and I'd love to book you for a big-time rap battle next week: Rap Fest Aid."
Flame Princess says: "Whoa."
Flame Princess says: "I've never heard of Rap Fest Aid."
Finn says: "It sure sounds like the big time."
"Victor Marilyn" says: "But before I can book you anywhere, I'm gonna have to have you sign some waivers and release forms."
"Victor Marilyn" says: "Boilerplate stuff."
"Victor Marilyn" says: "Don't bother reading it."
Finn says: "Toronto!"
Toronto says: "Yes, it's me!"
Toronto says: "And I'm making my move from second banana to top dog."
Toronto says: "As stated in the contract that you just signed, if you lose Rap Fest Aid, the Fire Kingdom becomes my property."
Flame Princess says: "What?!"
Flame Princess says: "!"
Finn says: "Aw, don't worry."
Finn says: "Look at this mug."
Finn says: "You could out-rap him any day of the week."
Toronto says: "Oh, you won't be facing me."
Toronto says: "You'll have to beat the most gifted rapper of our time."
Toronto says: "Son of Rap Bear!"
Toronto says: "See you in a week."
Finn says: "Son of Rap Bear?"
Flame Princess says: "Son of Rap Bear?"
Finn says: "I wonder if he's any relation to Rap Bear."
The scene changes to daytime. Finn and Flame Princess approach the Monster where the Party Bears live. It is asleep.
Flame Princess says: "Rap Bear lives in there?"
Finn says: "It's surprisingly nice."
They enter the monster's mouth and find Rap Bear sat at a table, face down in a plate of food. Finn knocks on the doorframe.
Finn says: "Knock knock."
Rap Bear says: "Who's there?"
Finn says: "Rap Bear."
Finn says: "What happened?"
Rap Bear says: "My son and I were having Sunday dinner."
Rap Bear says: "We were lightly rapping back and forth."
Rap Bear says: "It turned into a rap battle."
Rap Bear says: "He threw out rhyme after rhyme."
Rap Bear says: "I couldn't keep up."
Finn says: "You got beat by your own son?"
Finn says: "Are his rap powers that much greater than yours?"
Rap Bear says: "Yes."
Rap Bear says: "Why are you asking about my son?"
Finn says: "Flame Princess is going up against him one on one in a freestyle battle."
Rap Bear says: "He rapped my legs off."
Finn and Flame Princess look shocked. The scene changes to the Candy Kingdom in the evening. Finn and Flame Princess approach the Candy Tavern.
Finn says: "Rap Bear, Son of Rap Bear's father, said his son, Son of Rap Bear, would be at tonight's open mic."
They enter. A small audience is watching Son of Rap Bear and a gingerbread man engaging in a rap battle.
Flame Princess says: "Dude, let's sit back here."
Gingerbread Rapper says: "♪ You're a small bear with fuzzy hair over there ♪♪ Get away from me, I don't wanna share my air ♪♪ Doesn't matter where, anywhere, everywhere with you ♪♪ Chop you in two with my rap kung fu ♪♪ Are you scared of me?"
Gingerbread Rapper says: "Boo!"
Son of Rap Bear says: "♪ You're like a cookie who's about to crumble ♪♪ Your rapping is stale, also you mumble ♪♪ Did you just make a mistake smellin' like a cake ♪♪ Who just stumbled into a lyrical rumble?"
The gingerbread man's head is blown off by a rap-induced explosion. The audience cheers for Son of Rap Bear.
Finn says: "Whoa."
Flame Princess says: "Whoa."
Son of Rap Bear spots Flame Princess.
Son of Rap Bear says: "Look who decided to come out to play."
Son of Rap Bear says: "The news on street says you're gonna battle me at Rap Fest Aid."
Son of Rap Bear says: "♪ This is a joke, right?"
Son of Rap Bear says: "Hear me out."
Son of Rap Bear says: "♪♪ What are you even gonna rap about?"
Son of Rap Bear says: "♪♪ You've been in a bottle since the age of two."
Parts of the tavern explode during the rap. Finn and Flame Princess retreat and exit. The scene changes to the two of them walking at night.
Flame Princess says: "Son of Rap Bear is right."
Flame Princess says: "I just rap about rapping."
Flame Princess says: "I haven't traveled the world or done anything really."
Flame Princess says: "Finn!"
Flame Princess says: "Let's go on some adventures!"
Finn says: "What?"
Flame Princess says: "It would really help me build up some quick life experience."
Finn says: "I don't know if life is like a test you can cram for."
Flame Princess says: "This is for my kingdom."
Flame Princess says: "I've got to try."
A montage begins while Flame Princess can be heard rapping the Experience Rap.
Flame Princess says: "♪ Unh."
Flame Princess says: "Yo."
Finn, Jake, BMO, and Neptr are listening to Flame Princess' rap in the Tree House.
Finn says: "That was good!"
Flame Princess says: "I thought trying new things would make me new and interesting, but I just feel like a hack."
BMO says: "Maybe there is an interesting thing about you that you just don't realize."
BMO says: "Like how Neptr only just found out there is a face on his can, and now he thinks the can is his conjoined twin."
Neptr says: "I don't expect you to understand the bond I share with my family."
Flame Princess says: "Family..."
The scene changes. Flame King is sat in his cave, drawing pictures on rocks. He hums cheerfully as he draws a picture of an animal face.
Flame King says: "No room for the body."
Flame King says: "Let's make him swim."
Flame Princess says: "Knock knock."
Flame King says: "Is that you, Bun Bun?"
Flame King says: "Aah!"
Flame Princess says: "Hi Dad."
Flame King says: "You're not here to put me back in lantern jail, are you?"
Flame Princess says: "I guess I wanted to talk."
Flame King says: "Oh."
Flame Princess says: "It seems like lot's changed since I last saw you."
Flame Princess says: "Maybe we actually have a shot at putting the past behind us and, I don't know, being normal with each other."
Flame King says: "I know exactly what you're saying."
Flame King says: "I've totally gotten over being in lantern jail, so we're good."
Flame King says: "Phoebes, come on."
Flame King says: "It's better to be thankful for what you have now; an awesome chipmunk dad!"
Flame King says: "..."
Flame King says: "Uh, I'm gonna put on some music."
Flame King says: "You're totally welcome to listen, or not."
Flame King says: "Totally up to you."
Flame Princess says: "So you won't even apologize?"
Flame King drops an acorn into a nearby tissue box. Three chipmunks appear and one of them begins to rap the Chipmunks Rap. Flame Princess exits angrily.
Flame King says: "Ugh."
Flame King says: "Drama."
The scene changes to the Wizard Battle Arena, where a crowd has gathered to watch the rap battle.
Toronto says: "What's up, Rap Fest Aid?!"
Toronto says: "!"
Toronto says: "Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the battle for the Fire Kingdom!"
Toronto says: "To my left, we have the Flame Princess."
Finn, Jake, and Cinnamon Bun are seen cheering for Flame Princess.
Toronto says: "And to my right, the reigning champion, Son of Rap Bear!"
A giant baseball cap enters the arena, which explodes to reveal Son of Rap Bear.
Son of Rap Bear says: "Yo."
The audience cheers.
Toronto says: "And go, Son of Rap Bear."
Son of Rap Bear says: "♪ Yo, I'm a word wizard, I'm Son of Rap Bear ♪♪ But you're a fire hazard, maybe I should be scared ♪♪ I mean, I do hear you're more dangerous when your temper flares ♪♪ Do guys even date you or just cook wieners in your hair?"
The audience cheers and parts of the arena blow up.
Son of Rap Bear says: "♪ I guess there was that fire guy that wanted to marry you ♪♪ Was it Don Jon with the big guns?"
Son of Rap Bear says: "♪♪ Oh, but you're not into macho men, are you?"
More explosions and cheering.
Neptr says: "He's good."
Flame Princess says: "Oh Glob."
Flame Princess says: "What am I saying?"
Son of Rap Bear says: "She's choking!"
The audience boos Flame Princess.
Flame King says: "Hi, Phoebe!"
Flame Princess says: "Huh?"
Flame Princess says: "Dad, you came to see me rap?"
Flame King says: "No, I had no idea you were in this."
Flame King says: "Isn't that crazy?"
Flame King says: "Don't feel bad about losing, though!"
Flame King says: "He's way out of your league!"
The crowd cheers for Flame Princess.
Flame Princess says: "And as for Son of Rap Bear..."
Flame Princess says: "♪ You're so unoriginal your put your own dad in a wheelchair ♪♪ Just so you could steal his name and ride on his fame ♪♪ But without it, you're just a sad kid full of hot air ♪♪ Y'all can try to bully me and scam me, I don't care ♪♪ As if being a jerk's gonna make you dummies happy ♪♪ But my kingdom ain't a commodity, Toronto, it's a part of me ♪♪ So sorry, you can't take what isn't owned by me..."
Flame Princess says: "♪ So take him away."
Finn says: "Boom."
The audience cheers for Flame Princess and chants her name.
Party Bear says: "I get it!"
Party Bear says: "She owned him!"
Toronto says: "The winner is Son of Rap Bear!"
The audience ignores him and tramples the two of them to go and lift Flame Princess.
Flame King says: "Hey, honey!"
Flame King says: "You're actually not bad!"
Flame Princess puts her thumb up and blows a raspberry.
Episode ends.