The episode opens with Finn carrying two plastic bags full of eggs towards the Tree Fort.
Finn says: "Boiled eggs."
Finn says: "In the fridge."
Jermaine is sat at the table. He clears his throat. Finn bangs his head on the fridge door and scatters boiled eggs over the floor.
Finn says: "Jake!"
Finn says: "You're back!"
Finn says: "I've missed you so mu- Oh."
Jermaine says: "Uh, hi Finn."
Jermaine says: "It's just me."
Finn says: "Jermaine!"
Finn says: "You and Jake both have sort of a grapefruit nature to you."
Jermaine says: "I came to your playhouse because I'm worried about Jake."
Finn says: "Don't worry, he's fine."
Finn says: "He left a note."
Finn holds up Jake's note. It reads "BRB - Jake".
Jermaine says: "How long ago did he leave that?"
Finn says: "Uh, I dunno."
Finn says: "Maybe five weeks?"
Jermaine says: "Whoo."
Jermaine says: "Finn, you know you can call me if you're in trouble, right?"
Jermaine says: "Our brother's missing, and I come here finding you doing a lazy man's load with a hundred boiled eggs."
Finn says: "It's all they have at the store."
Jermaine says: "I'm just worried, 'cause I had a dream about Jake - a vision."
A representation of Jermaine's vision is shown. A tiny Jake is shown on top of Jermaine's head. He is in space, emaciated and alone.
Jermaine says: "I think he's all alone in outer space."
Jermaine says: "I don't think he can come home, and he's running out of birthday cake and cocktail hot dogs."
Jake falls onto his side and the vision ends.
Finn says: "Jake's in space?!"
Finn says: "!"
Jermaine says: "I know!"
Jermaine says: "It's chilling."
Finn says: "Hmm."
Finn says: "Oh!"
Finn says: "So, this cosmic stuff, planets and space..."
Finn says: "We're going to Mars!"
Jermaine says: "Mars?!"
Jermaine says: "!"
Jermaine says: "Is it too much to hope that "Mars" is the name of some bookstore you like?"
The scene changes. Finn and Jermaine approach the house where Normal Man used to live.
Jermaine says: "Is that a boat?"
Jermaine says: "I haven't seen a boat in years."
They enter the house. Tiny Manticore is sat on a shelf listening to a cassette player.
Jermaine says: "Ah, this is a pretty old house."
Jermaine says: "What's that on the shelf?"
Jermaine says: "A little pegasus?"
They continue into the basement.
Jermaine says: "Into the basement."
Jermaine says: "Sure is lots of broken glass and decay down here."
Jermaine says: "I'll be honest - I was just talking a lot because I'm nervous."
Finn says: "I know."
Finn gestures to Jermaine, and Jermaine climbs onto his chest.
Finn says: "Jake."
The transporter whirs to life and sends them both out of the atmosphere in a beam of light. They pass through a cluster of eggs in space and then touch down on Mars. Jermaine screams the entire way.
Jermaine says: "Mars."
Finn and Jermaine walk past some Martians cleaning statues of Margles.
Finn says: "Dang."
Finn says: "Looking real prosperous around here."
Jermaine says: "Who's the statues, do you think?"
Finn says: "Maybe Margles?"
Finn says: "But I've only seen a photo of her."
Finn says: "Wait!"
Finn says: "Betty?"
Betty is standing by a pile of sand and a huge hole. She uses a pair of tweezers to drop a grain of sand into the hole.
Betty says: "Oh, Finn."
Finn says: "I haven't seen you, Betty, since you double-crossed everyone."
Finn says: "Ya slopped up!"
King Man says: "Finn!"
King Man says: "Empathy!"
Finn says: "Normal Man."
King Man says: "Nay!"
King Man says: "King Man!"
King Man says: "Finn, Betty is tormented."
King Man says: "Just look at her."
Finn says: "Oh."
Betty says: "I'm trying to get better."
Betty says: "I'm filling this hole with sand - grain by grain."
King Man says: "We're going to cure Betty's obsession with the Ice King and the magical madness inflicted upon her."
Finn says: "If you inflicted it on her, shouldn't you be filling the hole?"
King Man says: "Empathy, Finn."
Finn says: "Aah!"
The scene changes. Finn, Jermaine, King Man, and Betty are walking down a canyon towards a large entranceway.
King Man says: "Okay, so, Jake's in space."
Jermaine says: "Yeah."
King Man says: "And you don't know where in space."
Jermaine says: "Yeah."
King Man says: "And you don't know where in space, even though literally every single place in this dimension is  "in space"."
Jermaine says: "Again, yeah."
King Man says: "You are a real cutie."
King Man says: "Okay, here we are."
King Man says: "To locate Jake, you will need to retrieve our space telemetry capsule - deep within Mars at the end of a deadly three-part mind maze."
King Man says: "Don't fret, cowardly dog."
King Man says: "Betty will go with you."
Betty says: "I..."
Betty says: "should really get back to my sand."
Finn says: "Nah."
Finn says: "You should come with us."
King Man says: "Now, only Martians may enter the maze, so you'll need hats to fool the guard over there."
Jermaine says: "Okay, cool."
Jermaine says: "Where are the hats?"
King Man says: "Space."
Jermaine says: "Wha- Aw, come on, man!"
King Man winks and points to a nearby box full of hats.
Finn removes his normal hat to put on a Martian one, revealing that his head is shaven.
Jermaine says: "Eeh!"
Finn says: "Um, Door Man?"
Guard Man says: "I'm Guard Man."
Finn says: "Well, I am Boy Man."
Jermaine says: "Uh, and I'm..."
Jermaine says: "Jer Man."
Guard Man says: "Sure."
Finn says: ""Jer Man" was really funny."
Jermaine says: "Thanks, Finn."
They enter the maze and the door slams shut. They emerge into a room filled with water and strange frogs. Most of them have heads which resemble Ice King's crown.
Finn says: "Hey Jermaine, get a load of these frogs."
Finn says: "What do you think's going on with all these frogs, Jermaine?"
Finn says: "Jermaine?"
Jermaine says: "What?"
Jermaine says: "I don't know."
Finn spots a single frog whose head resembles Fern's hat.
Finn says: "Oh, whoa."
Finn says: "That one looks different - kinda..."
Finn says: "special."
The Fern frog's eyes suddenly turn red. It hisses and leaps at Finn.
Finn says: "Yip!"
Fern frog says: "Remember!"
The frog falls into the water and out of sight.
Finn says: "Whew!"
Betty says: "Finn!"
Finn says: "I'm okay."
Finn says: "These guys mean business, though."
Finn says: "If you look them in the eyes, they get outraged."
As Finn is speaking, Betty looks at many of the Ice King frogs, and their eyes turn red.
Finn says: "You got all that, Betty?"
Finn says: "Betty!"
Finn says: "Hup!"
Finn tackles Betty to the ground and the frogs fly overhead.
Betty says: "Oh!"
Betty says: "There's more on this side."
Finn says: "Hyup!"
Finn hoists Betty and Jermaine onto his back and runs to the end of the room as frogs continue to fly at them.
Betty says: "Guys, I think I figured out the frog puzzle."
Betty says: "It's really quite simple."
They arrive at a structure made of ice where there is a blackboard full of mathematical symbols, and the Ice Thing is perched above.
Betty says: "I found the next challenge!"
Betty says: "I think maybe if I solve this equation, we'll be able to pass through to the next chamber."
Finn says: "And if we mess up, that guy pecks our tummies open, right?"
Betty says: "No."
Betty says: "See, the work is already full of errors."
Betty says: "I just need to correct them."
Jermaine says: "Um, I'm not trying to complain or anything, but none of these puzzles have anything..."
Jermaine says: "to do with..."
Jermaine says: "me."
Betty says: "There we go."
Betty says: "I'll have us out of here in no time."
Finn says: "Well, just let me know if you need any help - with anything besides these maths problems."
Finn spots the error she corrected reverting back to its erroneous form.
Finn says: "Hey!"
Finn says: "He's jukin' the stats!"
Betty says: "What?"
Finn says: "He's changing the dang numbers around!"
Betty says: "He's changing."
Betty says: "Oh no."
Finn says: "Come on, Jermaine!"
Jermaine says: "Up there?"
Jermaine says: "You're gonna break your neck!"
Finn says: "Hey!"
The ice structure snaps and Finn falls through the blackboard, screaming. It shatters and Finn, Jermaine, and Betty are transported to a white void.
Finn says: "If anyone else feels like solving any of these puzzles, just jump right in, you know?"
Jermaine says: "Hey!"
Jermaine says: "Over here!"
Jermaine says: "I hear something."
They approach a window which looks into a room where a past version of Betty is speaking to someone on the phone.
Past Betty says: "..."
Past Betty says: "if you water them once a week they'll totally be fine."
Past Betty says: "No!"
Past Betty says: "I know!"
Past Betty says: "Six months studying ancient petroglyphs in the Outback?!"
Past Betty says: "!"
Betty says: "That's me."
Jermaine says: "Uh-doy!"
Finn says: "You looks so happy."
Finn says: "And sane."
Betty says: "I was."
Betty says: "But I never took that trip."
Betty says: "I met Simon the next day, and he was just so amazing."
Betty says: "I put everything on hold to help him search for the Enchiridion."
Jermaine says: "Listen, Betty, I may not be a psychiatrist or a life coach, or even know what you're talking about, but maybe you should try focusing on yourself a little more, you know?"
Betty says: "Can I though?"
Betty says: "I spent so much time dedicated to Simon I'm not sure there's even any "me" left anymore."
Past Betty says: "Good point, Future Betty!"
Past Betty says: "Maybe it is too late to save you, but with your power and my joie de vivre-ay, maybe the two of us could save Simon together!"
Past Betty says: "Think about it."
Finn says: "Oh, come on, Betty!"
Finn says: "Get it together!"
Finn says: "-is not."
Past Betty says: "Or am I?"
Betty says: "No, Finn's right."
Betty says: "You'll thank me for this later, Past Betty."
She magically changes the date on Past Betty's plane ticket so that it says "today" instead of "next week".
Past Betty says: "Hmph."
The room dissolves into static and then returns with Past Betty preparing to leave for her trip.
Past Betty says: "And don't forget to water my plants."
Past Betty says: "Okay, got to go!"
Past Betty says: "My flight leaves in an hour!"
She hangs up, and the room dissipates. There is a pop, and confetti falls from above into the white void.
Finn says: "Good job, Betty."
Betty says: "Thanks, Finn."
Betty says: "Sorry I couldn't be more help."
Betty says: "I was a little preoccupied."
Jermaine says: "Oh really?"
Finn says: "Anyway, where's the space thingy?"
Finn says: "Space thingy!"
Finn says: "Space thingy!"
Jake says: "Space what-y?"
Finn says: "Jake!"
Jermaine says: "Jake!"
Jake says: "Hey everybody."
Finn says: "Hey, long time no see, brudda!"
Jake says: "Hey, what's with the hair, brudda?"
Finn says: "Man, you're lucky you missed it."
Finn says: "I had lice crazy-bad!"
Finn says: "I think I got them from Marceline, who got them from Ice King."
While Finn is talking, Jermaine, in horror, flashes back to all the times throughout the day where he has touched Finn's head.
Jake says: "Nice."
Finn says: "Anyway, how'd you even get here?"
Jermaine says: "Eugggh!"
Jake says: "Beats me."
Jake says: "I was just eating a sausage on some stupid planet, then all of a sudden there was a beautiful rainbow explosion and a loud noise - sort of like a space telemetry capsule activating."
Jake says: "Then here I was, standing next to this Mars door."
An opening has appeared in the void, and King Man is standing on the other side of it, back in the canyon where they began. King Man blows a party horn as Finn, Jake, Betty, and Jermaine exit the maze.
King Man says: "Congratulations, everybody."
King Man says: "Now, who's ready for a nice boiled egg?"
Finn says: "Me!"
Jake says: "Me!"
Jermaine says: "Wait a minute."
Jermaine says: "What even happened in there?"
Jermaine says: "Where's the telemetry capsule?"
King Man says: "Don't you see, Jermaine?"
King Man says: "You were inside the capsule all along, learning valuable lessons while you programmed its Jake-extracting telemetry with your minds."
Jermaine says: "Of course."
King Man says: "And you, Betty - finally you've learned that most pressing of lessons - that sometimes, for our own good, we must accept the loss of that which we hold most dear."
Betty says: "I've learned that I just got to work even harder to get it back."
King Man says: "What?!"
King Man says: "!"
Betty says: "Like, did you see Finn in there?"
Betty says: "He was indomitable!"
Betty says: "So as I stared into that endless white void, I came up with a plan."
King Man says: "A plan?"
Betty says: "For me, to save my Simon, and for you, to finally pull Margles back from the maw of GOLB."
Episode ends.