The episode begins in the Candy Kingdom where Peppermint Butler is summoning a demon with Cinnamon Bun, who is tied upside down, in the Lich's old Amber containment chamber. The Guardian Angel, a bull, and a lion are beside him.
Peppermint Butler says: "Ogdoad, master of Level 8 shadow world, the winning vessel issues forth its pure essence."
Cinnamon Bun says: "Aha aha aha..."
Peppermint Butler says: "You must overtake the vessel as night overtakes the day."
Peppermint Butler says: "By your very nature, you cannot deny my will."
After Cinnamon Bun spins one last time, Ogdoad takes over his body.
Ogdoad says: "Hello, what jazz is this?"
Ogdoad says: "Peppermint Butler!"
Ogdoad says: "That's the last straw!"
Ogdoad says: "I will fill you with the shadow of a thousand brown portals!"
Peppermint Butler says: "Oh, no, Ogdoad!"
Peppermint Butler says: "You are mine!"
One of the Gumball Guardians suddenly goes to check on Peppermint Butler.
Gumball Guardian says: "Peanut Butler, bleh, Peppermint Butler, cease these dark magic activities."
Ogdoad says: "Hey!"
Ogdoad says: "Let me go first!"
Ogdoad says: "I got stuff to do today!"
Peppermint Butler says: "What'd ya do that for?!"
Peppermint Butler says: "!"
Gumball Guardian says: "You neglect your duties to the princess."
Gumball Guardian says: "She has been in her lab for nine weeks."
Gumball Guardian says: "She needs to get out, socialize."
Gumball Guardian says: "Look,  her suitors, her faithful suitors, waiting for a chance to share her burdens."
Peppermint Butler says: "No, man!"
Peppermint Butler says: "She won't date those old bags."
Gumball Guardian says: "You must try."
Gumball Guardian says: "The Candy Kingdom worries for its leader, and it worries for you, dark one."
Peppermint Butler says: "Alright, you guys."
Peppermint Butler says: "All you guys are gross."
Peppermint Butler says: "How long have you been waiting to court the princess?"
Suitor #1 says: "87 years."
Suitor #2 says: "120 years!"
Suitor #3 says: "I'm Gerald."
Peppermint Butler says: "Geez!"
Peppermint Butler says: "How long have you been here, Krusty?"
Krusty says: "Three hundred years, so what?"
Krusty says: "It's not too late, right, boys?"
All the suitors says: "It's not too late!"
All the suitors says: "Take me on a date!"
All the suitors says: "It's my right!"
All the suitors says: "Princess all night—"
Peppermint Butler says: "Shush!"
Peppermint Butler says: "What's your deal?"
Braco says: "I'm Braco, and I was born to court the Princess Bubblegum."
Peppermint Butler says: "How old are you?"
Braco says: "21 years."
Braco says: "I inherited my father's place in line after his ascension."
Braco's father says: "Hey."
Peppermint Butler says: "And you want to court the princess?"
Braco says: "Yes,  my heart instructs me so."
Peppermint Butler says: "Alright, buddy, I'm giving you a shot."
The suitors begin complaining.
Peppermint Butler says: "But it won't be easy."
Braco says: "I was born for this."
Braco says: "Love will win on this day."
Peppermint Butler says: "Sounds good, man."
Peppermint Butler and Braco proceed into her lab, where Princess Bubblegum is seen sleeping with a pizza box on her head.
Peppermint Butler says: "Prubs!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Who's that?"
Peppermint Butler says: "This is Braco."
Braco says: "Son of Loghan, who was begat by Hobus."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Okay, yeah?"
Braco says: "I want to take you..."
Braco says: "on a date."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Thank you, Braco."
Princess Bubblegum says: "That's very sweet, but no."
Peppermint Butler says: "Princess this lab reeks like brown mist; it's unhealthy."
Peppermint Butler says: "You've got to get outside and do some research on boys."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hello!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Donk, donk!"
Braco says: "Princess, I love you!"
Braco says: "I-I love you so much it hurts."
Braco says: "The pain it—"
Braco says: "Huh?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hmmm, what you're feeling is called "infatuation."
Princess Bubblegum says: "" The pain is the product of you overvaluing a projected, imaginary relationship with me."
Braco says: "No, Princess!"
Braco says: "What I feel is real!"
Braco says: "Meet me in the garden tonight  of meee!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Braco!"
Braco says: "Come to me tonight."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Okay Braco, but just for research, alright?"
Braco says: "Yes, Princess."
Peppermint Butler says: "Good job, man!"
Peppermint Butler says: "You take it from here."
The scene shifts to the garden where two candy persons are cutting the trees.
Candy Gardener #1 says: "Yo, who's that with PB?"
Candy Gardener #2 says: "That's that Braco guy."
Candy Gardener #1 says: "Are they on a date?"
Candy Gardener #2 says: "No, brah, the princess don't date."
Braco says: "a miracle of nature like you."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Now hand it to me..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Okay, I have what I need for now."
Braco says: "Uh-huh."
The Morrow says: "Screech!"
The Morrow says: "Screech!"
Braco says: "."
The scene now changes to Braco walking down stairs with some coffins.
The scene then changes to Braco, who is now wearing the suit and holding the book.
Braco says: "The art of "peacocking."
The scene now changes into some kind of restaurant with some Candy People hanging out.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hi, Braco."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Nice..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "hat."
Braco says: "I know right."
Braco says: "I am "peacocking" you to rally your attention."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Mhmmmmm."
Braco says: "Ummm, so what's that on your head?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "My crown?"
Braco says: "Oh, uhh—"
Princess Bubblegum says: "."
Braco says: "Oww."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hmmm."
Braco says: "Princess!"
Braco says: "Ahhh."
The scene changes to Braco's room , he is writing on his diary and it is raining outside.
Braco says: "Dear personal diary, I am in terrible pain."
Braco says: "."
The scene goes to Princess Bubblegum's lab where Peppermint Butler announces the arrival of Finn and Jake through a speaker.
Peppermint Butler says: "Princess, Finn and Jake are here as requested."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hey, guys."
Finn says: "Hey, PB,  what's up?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I printed the map with all the detail."
Finn says: "PB, who's the new guy?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "What?"
Finn says: "Hey, man."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, that's Braco, a suitor of mine."
Finn says: "Oh, cool."
Finn says: "That's cool—"
Finn says: "you're dating, that's coool."
Finn says: "See ya, Princess."
The scene now goes to Finn and Jake whose now walking away from the Candy Kingdom.
Finn says: "What'd ya think of that Braco guy?"
Finn says: "I mean, he seems kinda weird  And then I smashed that peach!"
Braco says: "Jake and Finn, I seek your aid."
Braco says: "I need to ask you for that map, therewith I can bring the soul stone to Bubblegum."
Braco says: "Then she'll love me!"
Finn says: "That road you're on leads to nowhere."
Braco says: "Oh, oh,  thank you!"
The next scene now goes to the Vapor Swamps where Braco hitches a ride to get there.
Driver says: "Huu-ah!"
Driver says: "This is how far I go."
Driver says: "Hurry, man, GET OFF!"
Braco goes off to find the soul stone. He climbs down a cliff, but falls and rips his shirt.
Braco says: "Ah!"
Braco says: "Oh!"
Braco says: "Uhhh."
Giant Insect Monster says: "Hey, I see you!"
Braco proceeds to find the soul stone. He then finds the fire pit like in the map that has a key. Stares a little at the key then jumps in the pit.
Braco says: "Oddsbodikins!"
Braco says: "AHHHHH!"
As Braco got the key and got out, he has a big burn mark on his face, both hands and feet, and mostly bald and injured.
The next scene is where Braco was walking to find the soul stone. As he is walking, a person suddenly opens his eyes as Braco walks past him. Braco makes it to where the soul stone is hidden.
As the light fades away, the guardians of the soul stone appear and attack him, but misses and hit the other guardian instead.
Guardian #1 says: "AHHHHHH!"
Guardian #1 says: "YOU BROKE MY HANDS!"
The other guardian, who broke the guardian's hand, attacks Braco once more and hits him, which sends him flying towards a rock.
The Beast says: "STOP!"
The Three Guardians says: "The Beast!"
The Beast says: "RAAAAWR!"
The Beast says: "Why have you stolen my treasure, boy?!"
The Beast says: "!"
Braco says: "For the one I love."
The Beast says: "Huh."
The Beast says: "Take the stone."
The scene changes to Princess Bubblegum, who is experimenting under a microscope.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hmmm."
Braco says: "Guess who."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Braco."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Ehhh, what happened to you?"
Braco says: "Oh, look, can it be?"
Braco says: "It's a soul stone!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, yeah, sorry, but I don't need that anymore."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I just finished programming a proper simulation of a soul."
Princess Bubblegum says: "In fact, this is much easier to manipulate than a real one."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Braco?"
The scene goes to Braco, who is writing on his personal diary.
Braco says: "Hmmm,  Ahhh!"
The scene goes again to Peppermint Butler, who is still talking to Ogdoad.
Ogdoad says: "Set me free, you tranch!"
Peppermint Butler says: "Give me the key to the shadow realm!"
Braco says: "Ahhhh!"
Gumball Guardian says: "You said you were going to handle this."
Gumball Guardian says: "You are doing a bad job."
Peppermint Butler says: "What's up, man?"
Peppermint Butler says: "PB is not in to you?"
Braco says: "Yeah, man, I'm throwing the towel."
Peppermint Butler says: "Whoa, come on."
Peppermint Butler says: "PB's a tough nut, but don't trip out."
Braco says: "Then you must help me..."
Braco says: "to crack the nut."
Peppermint Butler says: "No problem, man."
Peppermint Butler says: "We'll use magic, shadow demon magic!"
Ogdoad says: "Say what?"
Peppermint Butler says: "For your freedom, a spell."
Ogdoad says: "Yes."
Peppermint Butler says: "Make this man-noodle Braco into a walking love magnet!"
Ogdoad says: "He he he he, this I can do, but can you pay the price, Braco?"
Peppermint Butler says: "The price is your freedom, man."
Ogdoad says: "This price lies outside of our arrangement."
Ogdoad says: "To receive, you must pay!"
Peppermint Butler says: "Hmmm, alright, well, maybe no dark magic."
Braco says: "I'll pay any price..."
Braco says: "for love!"
Ogdoad says: "SWAZAA!"
Braco says: "Waaahhh!"
Braco says: "."
Peppermint Butler says: "Release!"
Cinnamon Bun says: "Uhhh, who's that?"
Cinnamon Bun says: "Huh, what?"
Braco says: "Am I a walking love magnet?"
Peppermint Butler says: "Well, you paid the price, no doubt, and I wanna have your babies."
Braco says: "To the princess, then!"
Peppermint Butler says: "No, wait!"
Peppermint Butler says: "What about meee?!"
Peppermint Butler says: "!"
The scene goes to PB where she is talking and asking some questions to a robot that look like her she made.
Princess Bubblegum says: "And what's your number-one priority?"
Princess Bubblegum Bot says: "To find someone to share my life with."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Awesome, he he he."
Princess Bubblegum says: "You ready to go on some dates?"
Princess Bubblegum Bot says: "Uh, yeah, who should I date?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "There's a guy named Braco who's really nice."
Princess Bubblegum Bot says: "Ooh, where is he?"
Braco says: "I'm here!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Braco?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "What happened to you?!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "!"
Braco says: "I paid the price for love, was it worth it?"
Braco says: "Do you love me?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yes, I love you."
Braco says: "Then marry me!"
Braco says: "We'll travel the world, have adventures, make the babes, get fat and weird, and float up to 50th Dead World, right?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, Braco, I don't want any of that mess."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I do love you, but it's the undifferentiated love I feel for all candy citizens."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I couldn't permit one of my citizens to suffer the way I saw you suffering over me."
Princess Bubblegum says: "And so I made you this."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Meet my doppelganger, P-Bot."
P-Bot stands up.
Braco says: "Uhhh, this feels super-wrong."
Princess Bubblegum Bot says: "Oh, Braco,  let's get out of this smelly lab."
Braco says: "Woohoo!"
Princess Bubblegum Bot says: "Woohoo!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "You're welcome, my love."
Peppermint Butler says: "Where is he?"
Peppermint Butler says: "Where's Braco?!"
Peppermint Butler says: "!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I let him go, Peps."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I knew he couldn't be happy without me so I built him a robo-wife."
Peppermint Butler says: "You should have given him to me!"
Episode ends.