The episode begins in Billy's secret crack.
Finn is laughing at something on TV, which continues for the duration of the dream.
Screen zooms out to a wider view of Billy's crack. Billy and Billy's lady are kissing. The bear from "In Your Footsteps" is sitting among several sleeping dogs next to the Enchiridion, which is being approached by the Lich-possessed snail.
Screen zooms in to Billy and Billy's lady kissing.
The snail approaches the Enchiridion.
Bear says: "Dark times are coming."
The Lich begins chanting a spell with the Enchiridion open while the old lady is riding the bear rodeo style.
Finn is laughing at the Cosmic Owl, who is appearing on the computer screen screeching.
Billy begins laughing, as he briefly transforms into the Lich and back.
Old Lady says: "You talk like justice, Billy,  but you can't kick a plaaaaaannnne."
Billy frowns at her taunt, but then notices pages of the Enchiridion flying past his face as the Lich continues chanting his spell.
Billy realizes what's going on. The view moves behind the Lich, as his snail shadow transforms into the shadow of the Lich's true form. The Lich then attacks Billy, stabbing him in his heart as Billy tries to run. The Lich's face rushes towards the viewer, screeching.
Finn wakes up.
Finn says: "Whoa!!!!!!!!"
Jake says: "You alright, buddy?"
Jake says: "Another nightmare?"
Finn says: "Yeah."
Finn says: "That dang snail again, man..."
Finn says: "Muckin' it up again."
Finn says: "But..."
Finn says: "there were other guys this time, too."
Finn says: "The bear was there, and some dogs, and Billy's lady, and Billy..."
Finn says: "and Billy was real scared of somethin' fierce, man."
Finn says: "Somethin' real fierce!"
Finn says: "..."
Finn says: "And the Cosmic Owl was there, too—"
Finn says: "kinda—"
Finn says: "screechin' it up."
Jake says: "Whoa, the Cosmic Owl?"
Jake says: "What if that was a premonition dream, Finn?"
Finn says: "You think?"
Jake says: "Could be..."
Jake says: "We better go tell Billy about it just in case."
Jake says: "He'll know what to do."
Finn says: "Dang..."
Finn says: "Whoa..."
Jake says: "I dreamed I was in kindergarten again, but I had really big feet and was also the teacher."
Finn looks as if words fail him.
Jake says: "Come on!"
Jake says: "We better hurry!"
Finn rides Jake, who is in the form of a car, to Billy's crack.
Finn says: "Hello?"
Jake says: "BILLY!!!"
Jake says: "WAKE UP!!!!"
Billy says: "Huh!"
Billy says: "?"
Billy says: "WHAT THE HECK ARE YOU GUYS DOIN IN MY CRACK?!"
Billy says: "!"
Billy says: "It's THREE O' CLOCK IN THE MORNING!"
Finn says: "Oh, you know, just drop by to say hello..."
Finn says: "See what you been uhhhhhh  up to?"
Finn says: "What Uhhhh..."
Finn says: "How are these days?"
Jake says: "We came to see if you were dead!"
Billy says: "What?"
Billy says: "Why would I be dead?!"
Billy says: "!"
Finn says: "Hehehehe..."
Finn says: "Yeah..."
Finn says: ".."
Finn says: "Stupid..."
Finn says: "."
Finn says: "Um..."
Finn says: "."
Finn says: "?"
Finn says: "I had a dream about a bear, and an old lady, and a snail, and you were there, and the snail killed you..."
Finn says: "or something..."
Billy comes to a grave realization.
Billy says: "Was the Cosmic Owl there?"
Finn says: "Uhhh..."
Finn says: "Yeah!"
Finn says: "On TV!"
Finn says: "Does that count?"
Billy says: "Your dream is an ill omen of GRAVE significance."
Billy lowers his hand, Finn and Jake step on; Billy raises Finn towards him.
Billy says: "Finn?"
Finn says: "Yeah?"
Billy says: "Are you ready to come with me on a mission to save all life from the Lich?"
Finn says: "Yes."
Billy, Finn, and Jake are on the outskirts of the Ice Kingdom .
Finn turns to Billy.
Finn says: "Wait..."
Finn says: "So..."
Finn says: "We have to snatch gems out of all the crowns of power?"
Billy says: "That's right."
Jake says: "Cool!"
Finn says: "Why do we have to snatch them?"
Finn says: "Can't we just ask them for 'em?"
Billy says: "No time."
Billy says: "The fate of the world hangs in the balance."
Finn says: "Oh yeah..."
Finn says: "I forgot."
Montage follows, depicting exploits of snatching the gems of power. They steal the Ice King's gems first and graffiti his face. Finn offers Billy the gems, but Billy refuses and places them in Jake who creates a pouch to store the gems in. They then steal Engagement Ring Princess's gem, Emerald Princess's gem, Hot Dog Princess's gem, Embryo Princess's gem, and finally, they try to snatch Lumpy Space Princess's star.
Over LSP snoring.
Jake says: "You sure that's a gem?"
Finn says: "I think so..."
Finn tries to take the gem out of LSP's forehead, but struggles.
Finn says: "So deep..."
Finn finally wrestles the gem out LSP's forehead.
Jake says: "Gross..."
Jake says: "."
They depart from LSP and stick the last gem in Jake's bag. Finn high fives Billy and they ride on. As they ride on, Finn looks at Billy as his Billy hair flows majestically in the wind. Finn takes off his hat so as to emulate Billy.
Finn, Jake, and Billy are now in a cave. They are all eating sandwiches while taking a break from their adventure.
Jake moves the bag of gems from his head to his arm and transfers his face to the bag, shaking it.
Jake says: "Man, we got so many gems, it's crazy!"
Jake says: "Hey Billy, how many gems we still need to get?"
Jake says: "Two?"
Jake says: "One?"
Billy nods his head yes.
Jake is visibly confused and frustrated.
Jake says: "Wait..."
Jake says: "Two?"
Jake says: "Or One?"
Billy holds up his finger, indicating they have one more gem remaining to procure.
Jake says: "Hmm..."
Finn says: "You got anything in the saddlebag?"
Billy is surprised and then angered, swatting Finn away.
Billy says: "GET OUT OF THERE!"
Finn lands on his back, with the Enchiridion in his hands.
Finn says: "The Enchiridion?"
Finn says: "How'd ya get this?!"
Finn says: "!"
Billy says: "I found it in the mouth of a bear."
Finn says: "A bear?"
Billy says: "This book is REALLY important It has magical powers."
Billy says: "Turn the little sword sideways."
Finn turns the sword, and a secret door opens revealing slots to place the collected gems in.
Finn says: "WHOA!"
Jake says: "Ooooooohhhhhhh!"
The gems magically insert into the book, with Lumpy Space Princess's just falling aside, not having a slot to slip into. Once settled inside the slots, the gems produce lights that converge on each other at a single point above the book.
Billy says: "Exhibio Carnotum!"
Finn says: "Whoa!"
Jake says: "Cool!"
Finn says: "What is this this stuff?"
Billy says: "Hold on!"
Billy concentrates and then produces a beam of light from the gem on the center of his face, which touches a symbol on the book, opening another secret door.
A hologram of Booko appears.
Booko says: "Hello, my name is Booko!"
Booko says: "What you see here is a map of the multiverse!"
Booko says: "It shows all the known dimensions and the links between each of them."
Booko says: "This is the dimension that contains the universe in which we currently reside."
Jake says: "Enhance!"
The hologram's view closes up on the location on the planet where the guys are from the outer reaches of the dimension, but the view begins to rapidly repeat closing in on their location multiple times, freaking Jake out.
Jake says: "Whoa..."
Jake says: "Mmmmmmmmmmmmmm..."
Jake says: "MAKE IT STOP!"
The projector ceases the close up.
Booko says: "through a non-local region of space-time."
Billy taps Finn on the shoulders.
Finn says: "Whoa..."
Finn says: "Cool!"
Jake says: "Let's go get that gem!"
Finn says: "Yeah!"
Billy stares ominously at Finn and Jake.
Scene shifts to Princess Bubblegum's castle, in PB's room where she is doing experiments on little candy people, snipping off their appendages and placing them back on in different ways.
Little Candy Person says: "Hi!"
Finn and Jake can be seen through the window climbing the castle to the roof.
Finn and Jake crash through the roof, surprising Princess Bubblegum.
Princess Bubblegum says: "AHHHHH!!!!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "WHO'S THERE?!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "!"
Finn says: "Princess!"
Finn says: "Princess!"
Finn says: "I need the gem from your crown!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "WHAT THE JUNK?!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "NO!"
Finn tries to take it anyways.
Princess Bubblegum says: "What the?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "UGH!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "GET OFF!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "That was an accident."
Finn steals the gem, and Jake lifts him out of the castle through the hole in the ceiling.
Finn and Jake are fleeing the premises of the Candy Kingdom. Finn reaches for the stolen gem and places it in the center slot of The Enchiridion. The trap door closes, and lights begin to emit from the book. The skull on the book chants some gibberish and explodes. The birds on the book fly away, as the sword cuts the book into two. The book is then encased in a rock-like substance.
Finn gasps at what he just witnessed.
Billy is waiting by the Candy Forest.
Billy says: "HURRY!!!"
The gates to the Candy Kingdom open, and Princess Bubblegum runs outside.
Princess Bubblegum says: "FINN!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "STOP!!!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "That's not Billy!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "IT'S THE LICH!!!"
Finn turns his head.
Finn says: "HUH?"
A Gumball Guardian emerges from behind the castle.
Gumball Guardian says: "LICH ALERT!"
Gumball Guardian says: "LICH ALERT!"
The Gumball Guardian blasts a laser beam at Billy, striking Billy in the face.
The Smoke clears, and half of Billy's face has been ripped off by the blast, exposing The Lich behind the mask.
The Lich is on his knees, and stares at Finn, attempting to gain control of Finn's mind again.
The background blacks out, and it's just Finn and The Lich together.
Finn says: "Ba..."
Finn says: "."
Finn says: "Billy?"
The Lich crawls towards Finn.
The Lich says: "The book, Finn!"
The Lich says: "Give me the book!"
Finn gasps in shock, coming to the horrible realization of what has just happened.
The Lich says: "Quickly, child!"
The Lich says: "We're running out of time!"
Finn says: "Lich!"
Finn says: "You..."
Finn says: "You messed Billy up!"
Finn says: "You just wanna mess me all up!"
Finn says: "Mess everyone up!"
Finn says: "You tricked me!"
The Lich says: "No child!"
The Lich says: "It's all true!"
The Lich says: "The book has great power!"
The Lich says: "I can make you live..."
The Lich says: "Forever!"
The Lich says: "Anything you want!"
The Lich says: "Just give me that BOOK!"
The Lich says: "Grrrrrr..."
The Lich says: "."
Finn says: "Oh no no no no no no no NO MORE TRICKS!"
Finn says: "YOU'LL NEVER GET THIS BOOK!"
The Lich says: "NOOOOO!!!"
Finn continues to smash The Enchiridion over his knee until it finally shatters; The Lich smirks, as if he got Finn to do exactly what he wanted. The book shatters, and a portal appears. The Lich begins cackling.
Finn says: "Uhhhhh..."
Finn says: "."
The Lich continues laughing.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh NO!!!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "WHAT DID YOU DO?!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "!"
Finn says: "Huh..."
Finn says: "."
Finn says: "What?"
The Lich gets on his feet and approaches the portal.
The Lich says: "Thanks Finn!"
The Lich says: "I couldn't have done it without you!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "JAKE, STOP HIM!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "DON'T LET HIM THROUGH THAT PORTAL!"
Jake stretches towards the Lich and grabs a hold of him.
The Lich says: "NGH!"
The Lich says: "GET OFF!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "HANG ON, JAKE!!!"
Jake is slowly dragged through the portal, struggling to resist UH OH! WHAT NOW, PRINCESS? EEEEEE!!! AAAAHHHH!
Finn dashes behind Jake.
Finn says: "HOLD ON JAKE!!!"
Finn says: "YAH!!!"
Finn and Jake are dragged through the portal; The portal closes, and the gems fall to the ground.
Everything blacks out, then the scene cuts to a farmhouse. Finn, who looks eerily like the Finn that appeared in the mirror in "King Worm" is sitting on a tree stump. He is playing the flute, as Jake, who is now a normal dog, is sleeping at Finn's feet; Jake wakes up and howls.
Finn's mom says: "Finn!"
Finn's mom says: "Finn!"
Finn's mom says: "Will you come here please?"
Finn's mom says: "Hurry!"
Finn's mom says: "It's VERY Important!"
Finn says: "Coming Mom!"
Finn says: "Man, she seems steamed!"
Finn says: "Guess I done donked something up yet again..."
Finn says: "Come on, Jake."
They walk back to the house from the stump they were sitting at, dash to get in the house, and then the episode ends.