In the ruins of Gumbald's Cabin, Finn gathers pieces of Peppermint Butler.
Finn says: "Oh, geez."
Finn says: "Oh, geez."
Finn says: "Ugh, come on."
Finn says: "Uh..."
Finn says: "Come on."
Finn says: "Come on."
Bubblegum says: "Finn, don't worry about it."
Bubblegum says: "We've got bigger fish to fry right now."
The cloud monster roars and sucks up some cows and villagers into its body.
Finn says: "But..."
Bubblegum says: "It's fine."
Bubblegum says: "Pep-but used to love being scattered all around."
Bubblegum says: "He used to tell me that."
Peppermint Butler's mouth says: "Lies!"
Bubblegum says: "So it's up to the four of us to stop him."
Bubblegum says: "Are you ready, Marceline?"
Bubblegum says: "Marceline?"
Bubblegum says: "Hey, what's wrong?"
Marceline says: "Me, I guess."
Bubblegum says: "What?"
Marceline says: "Me."
Marceline says: "I'm wrong."
Marceline says: "This—"
Marceline says: "all of this—"
Marceline says: "this is all my fault."
Marceline says: "Even just fighting the vampires in the first place screwed everything up."
Marceline says: "Sure screwed me up, anyway."
Marceline says: "And, geez Louise, trying to fix it—"
Marceline says: "trying to fix me..."
Marceline says: "Just made things a thousand times worse."
Marceline says: "So why even try, you know?"
Marceline says: "What's the point?"
Bubblegum says: "What?"
Bubblegum says: "Marceline, no."
Bubblegum says: "Come on!"
Bubblegum says: "We're always the underdogs, you and me, and we always pull through."
Bubblegum says: "Like that one time, you remember?"
Bubblegum says: "The case of the purloined egg?"
Marceline says: "No!"
Marceline says: "I told you, that's it."
Marceline says: "I'm done."
Scene changes to a villager rallying the other farmers.
Cloud Dance says: "All right people, this is our last stand!"
Cloud Dance says: "It's gonna take every one of us to see this thing through—"
Cloud Dance says: "me, Onion Man, Short Man, Terry—"
Cloud Dance says: "whoa!"
Cloud Dance says: "—"
Cloud Dance says: "Short-Stack, Good-Beard, DeShawn, Seedman, Sandwich Paul, Angry Susan..."
Bubblegum cuts the side of the cloud with a hatchet.
Cloud Dance says: "Muy Linda, Dr."
Cloud Dance says: "Belstar..."
Farmer says: "Help!"
Cloud Dance says: "..."
Cloud Dance says: "Limbo Man, Quasar, Dogman, Tightwad, Raspberry Sam..."
Bubblegum pulls a villager from out of the cloud.
Farmer #2 says: "Up here!"
Cloud Dance says: "..."
Cloud Dance says: "DJ Fresh-Start, and my boy Big Trace."
Back at the ruins of the cabin.
Finn says: "You sure you're not coming, Marceline?"
Finn says: "We could really use your help."
Finn says: "Marceline?"
Finn says: "Okay, maybe later then."
Jake says: "Come on, Finn!"
Jake says: "Let me hear that war cry!"
The two belch, and Jake stretches up to the cloud.
Marceline says: "Well, you finally did it, big guy."
Marceline says: "You won."
Marceline says: "Well played."
Marceline says: "I just kind of wish you would gotten it over with a thousand years ago and saved us all some trouble."
The cloud monster walks over her, dousing her with rain as it passes.
Marceline says: "Better late than never, I guess."
She sings "Was it Reality." Ice King sings the last line with her.
Ice King says: "You remembered my song!"
Marceline says: "Simon?"
Marceline says: "W-what are you doing here?"
Ice King says: "Well, I saw through my peeping scope that everything was going boom and exploding and monsters, and all my friends were in grave danger and horrible torment."
Marceline says: "And you wanted to help?"
Ice King says: "No!"
Ice King says: "I felt left out."
Ice King says: "I'm just a phone call away, you know."
Marceline says: "Anyway, you don't want in on this fight."
Marceline says: "This one's a loser."
Ice King says: "Oh, I see."
Ice King says: "Sittin' this one out, huh?"
Marceline says: "Yeah, I guess."
Marceline says: "And don't try to talk me out of it."
Ice King says: "What?"
Ice King says: "No, no, I'm right there with you."
Ice King says: "You and me—"
Ice King says: "we're survivors, right?"
Ice King says: "Like cockroaches or rats."
Ice King says: "Sure, you could fight and try to save the day, but what if you lose?"
Ice King says: "Then what?"
Ice King says: "You could die."
Ice King says: "Better to rot and hide like a rat, right, buddy?"
Marceline says: "Ugh!"
Marceline says: "Did you just call me a cockroach, Simon?!"
Marceline says: "!"
Ice King says: "What?"
Ice King says: "No!"
Ice King says: "No, no, no, no."
Marceline says: "Thanks, buddy."
Ice King says: "Yes."
In the Candy Kingdom, Banana Guards are standing guard at the gate. A Banana guard shudders nervously. King of Ooo is sitting in front of a fire in his room.
King of Ooo says: "Ahh, this is nice."
King of Ooo says: "Getting a little warm for royal fineries, though."
King of Ooo says: "Mm-hmm!"
Crunchy says: "Princess?"
Crunchy says: "It sounds pretty bad out there."
Crunchy says: "Perhaps you should protect your people."
Roaring in distance.
King of Ooo says: "Yeesh, it does sound bad!"
King of Ooo says: "Hey, banana men, listen to your princess!"
King of Ooo says: "In my kingdom, we look after our own—"
King of Ooo says: "me!"
King of Ooo says: "You look after me!"
King of Ooo says: "Close the gates!"
Bubblegum slashes at the cloud monster.
Banana Guard says: "S-she's beautiful."
Banana Guard #2 says: "You're preachin' to the preacher, brother."
King of Ooo says: "I'm beautiful!"
King of Ooo says: "Close the gate!"
Banana Guard says: "No."
Banana Guard says: "You're not beautiful."
Banana Guard says: "We see you clearly now."
Banana Guard says: "You're earwax!"
The other Candy People join the guard to show their support.
Banana Guard says: "You're earwax!"
King of Ooo says: "Aah!"
King of Ooo says: "Huh?!"
King of Ooo says: "!"
Crunchy breaks free from his mount.
Crunchy says: "And the power returns to Crunchy!"
King of Ooo says: "Aah!"
Crunchy jumps on King of Ooo's face and knocks him into the fire.
King of Ooo says: "But you love m-e-e-e-e!"
Crunchy says: "And instead of a wax idol, they shall have a true princess..."
Crunchy says: "Wrought of iron, with teeth of diamonds."
Crunchy says: "Her heart is ice!"
Crunchy says: "Her will is fire!"
Crunchy says: "Princess Crunchy, the unforgiving!"
Crunchy says: "Go fight that thing for me!"
The Candy People cheer and run toward the cloud monster. Bubblegum slashes its cheek. Finn slashes at its side but almost falls off of Jake.
Finn says: "Whoa!"
Jake says: "Finn, this ain't workin'."
Jake says: "It's just fart grabbin'."
Finn says: "Yeah, but what else can we do?"
Bubblegum says: "Dudes, I don't know."
Farmer says: "Look!"
The Candy People arrive, charging and yelling. Flambo sees the cloud monster from the Fire Kingdom and scratches at Flame Princess' window to alert her. Flame Princess and Cinnamon Bun ride Jake 2 to the volcano. Flame Princess shoots fire into it, causing a fireball to erupt from it. The fireball hits the cloud monster and the Candy People beneath it. It seems unfazed as the Candy People rain down. Hot Dog Princess sees the cloud monster from her kingdom and sounds a trumpet. Three Hot Dog Knights run out and shoot arrows at the monster. It stomps on them, turning them into octopus. Chet wakes up and sees the monster heading for the Candy Kingdom.
Chet says: "Whoa!"
Marceline says: "I'm gonna poop my pants if Finn kills this guy instead of me!"
She screeches to a halt under the cloud. The screech is heard far and wide, and everyone turns to look.
Peppermint Butler says: "Wha?!"
Peppermint Butler says: "!"
Marceline flies straight up into the cloud monster.
Marceline says: "King?"
Marceline says: "Vampire king?"
Marceline says: "You still in here?"
Marceline says: "Hello?"
Marceline says: "Too bad."
Marceline's body glows. A mouth opens on her heart.
Marceline says: "Oh, boy!"
Marceline says: "Ooh, I am famished!"
The mouth sucks the air like a vacuum, causing the monster to slowly implode.
Farmer says: "The beast weakens!"
They cheer and attack the monster's leg. As Marceline continues to suck up the cloud monster, the animals it sucked up fall out.
Cow says: "Whoa-ho-ho."
Cow says: "Whoa!"
The cloud monster gets smaller and smaller until only its head remains. Just before it disappears into Marceline's heart-mouth, it bites Marceline's neck.
Marceline floats to the ground and slumps over, motionless. Her skin sizzles in the sunlight. Jake forms an umbrella and shades her.
Bubblegum says: "Marceline?"
Her voice echoes as the scene fades out. Marceline wakes up in her house.
Finn says: "Marceline?"
Marceline says: "Sorry, what?"
Finn says: "I was just saying we stocked your fridge with lipstick and stuff, so you'll have lots to eat."
Marceline says: "Aww, thanks, dude."
Jake says: "Also, we got you crosswords, "sudukus," and connect-the-dots."
Jake says: "Just take her easy, buddy."
Marceline says: "Sure."
Bubblegum says: "Oh, hey, I was thinking—"
Bubblegum says: "so, once I usurp Crunchy, I'll have my castle back again, and there's plenty of room there if you don't want to be alone."
Marceline says: "No, I think I need to ruminate a little—"
Marceline says: "think about being a vampire again."
Finn says: "Are you, uh..."
Finn says: "Do you feel bad?"
Finn says: "I don't want to say, like, "I'm sorry about who you are" or anything if you're feeling okay, but I don't know how bad news all of this is..."
Finn says: "Right?"
Marceline says: "Nah, I'm cool being a vampire again."
Marceline says: "Being mortal was good..."
Marceline says: "At the same time, it was terrifying."
Marceline says: "Now I'm a vampire with fresh mortal memories and—"
Marceline says: "I don't know—"
Marceline says: "more empathy or something..."
Marceline says: "More grown-up."
Marceline says: "Bonnie, thank you for helping me grow up."
Marceline says: "Now, I guess we get to hang out together forever."
Finn, Bubblegum, and Jake leave the house.
Finn says: "Take care!"
Bubblegum says: "See ya, Marcy!"
Jake says: "Later, Vampire Queen!"
Back inside, Marceline is tuning her bass. A miniature Vampire King is on her couch.
Vampire King says: "Your friends seem nice."
Marceline says: "Um..."
Marceline says: "Are you, like, in my head now, or what?"
Vampire King says: "For now."
Marceline says: "Well, just don't get in my wa—"
As suddenly as he appeared, he is gone. Marceline sings "Everything Stays" over scenes of Toronto escaping the Candy Kingdom with a bag of treasures, Princess Bubblegum piecing back together Peppermint Butler, a molten King of Ooo crawling through the streets of the Candy Kingdom, Vampire King's mortal lion half going to sleep on a hill, Cloud Dance petting a cow, and Marceline's mom holding little Marceline.
Episode ends.