The episode opens in the Fire Kingdom. Flame Princess is seated at her throne, flanked by Flame Guards, in front of a line of Flame People, and Flame King is imprisoned in his lantern. A Flame Person runs off happily.
Flame Messenger says: "Whoo-hoo!"
Flame Princess says: "Next."
Flame Person says: "Oh, Your Highness, can you help my poor child?"
Flame Person says: "His hair is starting to go, and we can't afford flame care and..."
Flame Princess says: "Take this fortifier."
Flame Princess says: "It should last you through the cold season."
Flame Person says: "Oh, Glob bless thy soul!"
Her servant offers her a cup of tea.
Ursula says: "More tea, Your Highness?"
Flame Princess says: "Thank you."
Ursula says: "Mm-hmm."
Flame Princess says: "Who's next?"
Flame Person says: "Hi, um, my microwave seems to be broken, and—"
Flame Person says: "aah!"
Flame Lord says: "Flame Princess!"
Flame Princess says: "Don John—"
Flame Princess says: "the Flame Lord!"
Don John says: "I fear you're not evil enough to rule the kingdom."
Flame Princess says: "Excuse me?"
Flame Princess says: "How dare you!"
Flame Princess says: "What?"
Flame Princess says: "You've been poisoning me."
Flame Princess says: "How could you, Ursula?"
Flame Princess says: "Guards!"
Flame Lord casts a spell that gives him mind control over the Flame People.
Flame Princess says: "Huh?"
A Flame Guard walks up to the lever that controls the lantern.
Flame King says: "Oh, here he comes!"
Flame Princess says: "No!"
Flame King says: "I've secretly arranged to make Don John my vizier and give him my daughter's hand in marriage."
Flame Lord says: "Uh, yeah, I know."
The lantern lowers to the ground and Flame King steps out.
Flame King says: "Ha-ha!"
Flame Lord says: "Hwah!"
Flame King says: "Man, you're looking shredded."
Flame Lord says: "My gym is dark magic, and my protein shake is rage."
Flame King says: "Okay, okay."
Flame Lord punches Flame King playfully and chuckles. He then casts another spell, which removes Flame Princess' crown and places it on Flame King's head.
Flame King says: "Splendid work, Don John."
Flame Lord says: "No big D, bro."
A Fire Wolf runs by quickly.
Flame King says: "Heavens to Betsy!"
It runs over to Flame Princess, and Cinnamon Bun, riding the wolf, picks her up and places her on its back.
Flame Princess says: "Cinnamon Bun!"
Flame King says: "Don't let them escape!"
Flame Lord says: "Come here, girl."
Flame Lord says: "We're getting hitched!"
The entranced Flame People walk toward them.
Cinnamon Bun says: "No!"
Cinnamon Bun says: "Go away!"
Flame Princess says: "I can't leave."
Flame Princess says: "I have to fight for my kingdom!"
Cinnamon Bun says: "No."
Cinnamon Bun says: "Fight later."
Cinnamon Bun says: "Now we get help."
They charge toward the exit.
Flame King says: "Huh?"
Flame King says: "Aah!"
Flame Lord says: "Hwah!"
Flame King says: "Why did I jump?"
The scene changes to them riding through a forest.
Flame Princess says: "Thanks, CB."
Cinnamon Bun says: "You're welcome."
Cinnamon Bun says: "How are you feeling?"
Flame Princess says: "A little better, I think."
Cinnamon Bun says: "Who should we go to for help?"
Cinnamon Bun says: "Princess Bubblegum?"
Beat.
Both says: "Nah."
Flame Princess says: "I don't trust her."
Cinnamon Bun says: "Yeah, she's devious."
Flame Princess says: "Well, I've seen Finn battle huge monsters and even armies, and we need somebody who can fight..."
Flame Princess says: "CB, take me to Finn."
Cinnamon Bun says: "Mmm, okay."
At the Tree Fort, Finn is sitting in a chair and fiddling with his mouth. The Fire Wolf bursts through the wall.
Finn says: "Waah!"
Flame Princess says: "Finn!"
Cinnamon Bun and Flame Princess dismount and walk over to Finn, who stands up.
Finn says: "Um..."
Finn says: "hey."
Finn says: "Uh, Jake isn't here."
Finn says: "He's sleeping over at Lady Rainicorn's maybe."
Flame Princess says: "Finn, I've been slowly poisoned by my treacherous handmaiden."
Flame Princess says: "Now my powers are weakened, and—"
Flame Princess says: "and the Flame Lord has freed my father and threatened to marry me."
Flame Princess says: "But I escaped with CB."
Finn says: "Oh, what?!"
Finn says: "!"
Finn says: "I'll help you."
Finn says: "I'll do anything for you."
Flame Princess says: "Listen, Finn, this doesn't mean we're getting back together."
Flame Princess says: "We're all business."
Finn says: "Mm-hmm."
Finn says: "Of course."
Cinnamon Bun says: "Yeah, business."
Flame Princess says: "I'm feeling exhausted."
Flame Princess says: "Where can I freshen up?"
Finn says: "Girls' bathroom is over there."
Finn says: "Also, it's the boys' bathroom."
Flame Princess says: "Oh, thanks."
Finn says: "So, what do you think, CB?"
Finn says: "You think I still have a shot with her, right?"
Cinnamon Bun says: "No."
Finn says: "Does she ever talk about me?"
Finn says: "Is she seeing anybody?"
Cinnamon Bun says: "No and no."
Finn says: ""No and no," she does talk about me, or "no and no," she isn't seeing anybody?"
Flame Princess says: "Alright, guys, let's wolf."
The scene switches to the three flying through the air on the Fire Wolf.
Finn says: "So..."
Finn says: "your Fire Wolf can fly."
Cinnamon Bun says: "Yep."
Cinnamon Bun says: "I taught him."
Finn says: "Hmm."
Finn says: "Whoa!"
Finn says: "You've cooled down a lot."
Flame Princess says: "No funny stuff."
Finn says: "Things have been going great for me lately."
Finn says: "Been hanging out with my boys."
Finn says: "I got a cursed sword arm now, so that's new."
Finn says: "Yeah, I've been exercising a lot and taking some piano lessons—"
Finn says: "trying to improve myself."
Finn says: "Not dating anybody or anything, just getting a little me time, being the best Finn I can be."
Finn says: "Oh, no!"
They reach the outskirts of the Flame Kingdom and land.
Finn says: "I hid my flameproof suit behind these rocks..."
Finn says: "just in case, whatever, you know?"
Finn says: "Suited!"
Cinnamon Bun says: "Uh..."
Finn says: "Remember my fire suit?"
Finn says: "Hey, CB, you did a great job getting us here and everything,  but I got this, all right?"
They walk up to the Fire Palace.
Finn says: "I got a sword arm, so—"
Cinnamon Bun says: "Yeah, you said that."
Finn says: "Watch this."
Finn says: "Hey, guards!"
Finn says: "Come at me at the same time!"
Flame Princess says: "What are you doing?!"
Flame Princess says: "!"
Finn says: "Let's go, Princess!"
Cinnamon Bun says: "But that wasn't the plan!"
Cinnamon Bun says: "No!"
Finn says: "Ha-ha!"
Flame Guard says: "It's the princess."
Flame Guards says: "Capture them!"
Finn says: "Ahhhhhh—"
Flame Princess says: "No, Finn, don't hurt them!"
Flame Princess says: "They're entranced!"
Finn says: "Oh, no."
Flame Guards says: "Captured."
Finn says: "There's CB!"
Flame Guard says: "Get that bun!"
Cinnamon Bun says: "Could you move, please?"
Flame Guard says: "Whoo, get him, boys!"
Flame Guard says: "We're taking these two away."
Finn says: "Don't worry, FP, your boy Finn won't fail you."
Flame Guard says: "Put up your dukes."
Flame Guard says: "You have permission to leave when you out-duke us."
Cinnamon Bun says: "Okay."
Flame Guards says: "Duke!"
Flame Guards says: "Duke!"
Flame Guards says: "Duke!"
One Flame Guard swings at Cinnamon Bun and misses. Cinnamon Bun knocks the other out.
Cinnamon Bun says: "Duke!"
Cinnamon Bun says: "Uh, duke!"
Scene changes to Finn and Flame Princess in prison.
Finn says: "Trust me."
Finn says: "It'll be fine."
Flame Lord says: "For soon you shall be mine."
Flame Lord says: "If you've forgotten, I'm reminding you now."
Flame Princess says: "Never!"
Finn says: "Yeah!"
Finn says: "It's because you secretly still have feelings for me."
Flame Princess says: "No!"
Finn says: "Hmm."
Flame Princess says: "I can never marry you, because I don't even know you, much less like you, and forcing me to marry you is gross."
Flame Lord squints and walks away. Flame King is looking out over his kingdom and jumping joyfully.
Flame King says: "Whoo!"
Flame King says: "Whoo!"
Flame King says: "Man, I love staring out over things."
Flame King says: "Whoo!"
Flame King says: "It's so good to be king."
Flame Lord says: "You said she'd do whatever you told her."
Flame King says: "Umm, okay..."
Flame Lord says: "But she refuses to marry me."
Flame Lord says: "She's her own woman, you liar!"
Flame King says: "Liar?"
Flame King says: "You want to fight me?"
Flame Lord says: "Aye—"
Flame Lord says: "fistfight."
Flame King says: "Yes..."
Flame King says: "I'll fistfight you."
Flame King says: "Come on!"
Flame Lord says: "You hit me?"
Flame Lord says: "Felt good!"
Flame King says: "Oof!"
Flame King says: "I love fistfighting."
Flame Lord says: "Aah!"
The two continue fighting and wrestling.
Flame Lord says: "Put them down."
Flame Lord says: "Put your dukes down."
Flame King says: "No!"
They continue punching each other in the face and make their way into the room where Finn and Flame Princess are imprisoned.
Finn says: "Whaa?"
Flame Princess says: "Whaa?"
Cinnamon Bun bursts through the wall on his Fire Wolf. He looks back to see Flame Lord and Flame King still punching each other then walks over to Finn and Flame Princess.
Finn says: "We're saved!"
Flame Princess says: "We're saved!"
Cinnamon Bun says: "Hi."
Cinnamon Bun says: "Got a key."
He inserts the key into the lock, and the bars rise up.
Flame Lord says: "Fight!"
Flame King says: "Fight!"
Cinnamon Bun says: "They're distracted."
Cinnamon Bun says: "Let's go!"
They climb onto the Fire Wolf and fly through the hole in the wall. Finn reaches for Flame Princess, but quickly retracts when Cinnamon Bun looks back at them.
The scene changes back to Flame King and Flame Lord fighting. They burst through a wall and roll on the ground, wrestling. Flame Lord gets on top and punches Flame King several times.
Flame King says: "Leg press!"
Flame Lord says: "Stamina..."
Flame Lord says: "failing."
Flame King grabs a hold of him and they wrestle. Then Flame King uses his powers to fly upward.
Flame Lord says: "Cheater!"
Flame King throws Flame Lord to the ground, who lands with a thunderous thud.
Cinnamon Bun, Flame Princess, and Finn have reached the Fire Palace, where dozens of entranced Flame People try to stop them.
Cinnamon Bun says: "Onward, Jake 2!"
A Flame Person throws a bit of fire at Cinnamon Bun's face, knocking his hat off.
Cinnamon Bun says: "Aah!"
Flame Princess says: "CB, are you okay?"
Scene switches back to Flame Lord.
The Flame People suddenly become un-entranced.
Female Flame Person says: "Huh?"
Female Flame Person says: "What happened?"
Male Flame Person says: "Should—"
Male Flame Person says: "should we keep attacking?"
Cinnamon Bun says: "Stop!"
Cinnamon Bun says: "You were all brainwashed..."
Cinnamon Bun says: "by him!"
Flame King says: "Uh-oh."
Female Flame Person says: "Hey, I don't like that guy!"
Male Flame Person says: "Yeah, let's get him!"
The crowd of Flame People run toward Flame King.
Cinnamon Bun says: "Capture him!"
Flame King says: "It wasn't me."
Flame King says: "It was Don John!"
Flame King says: "Aah!"
Some other Flame People start kicking him.
Flame Lord says: "Huh?"
Flame Princess runs up behind him and punches him in the head.
Flame Lord says: "Aah!"
The scene changes to the lantern, now containing Flame King and Flame Lord,  being raised up.
Flame King says: "Have you all gone dumb from Don John's magic?"
Flame King says: "I mean, how do you expect this softy to rule you?"
Flame King says: "She's even weaker than before from being poisoned."
Flame King says: "Look!"
Flame People murmur in agreement.
Flame Princess says: "Oh, come on."
Cinnamon Bun says: "You're wrong."
Cinnamon Bun says: "Flame Princess may not be the most ruthless of all despots, but she is strong where it really counts—"
Cinnamon Bun says: "in her heart."
Cinnamon Bun says: "And that is good."
A Flame Person sheds a tear and wipes it away.
Cinnamon Bun says: "I have learned so much watching this beautiful woman work, and with her example, I have become a better man."
Cinnamon Bun says: "I will be by her side as her champion and knight every step of the way because..."
Cinnamon Bun says: "I love her."
Flame Princess says: "Thank you."
They hold hands.
Flame Person says: "Aw, how sweet!"
Cinnamon Bun walks her up to her throne, and she takes her seat. The Flame People cheer.
Finn says: "Jeez."
Finn says: "Did I just get shown up by Cinnamon Bun?"
Episode ends.