The episode starts with well dressed Finn and Jake walking up a twisty road on a very stormy night. Jake is holding an umbrella, which the wind blows away, but Finn covers him with his umbrella.
Jake says: "This stinks!"
Jake says: "Hey, how much longer till we get to the mysterious party?"
Finn says: "Let me check the spooky invite sent to us by our anonymous host."
Finn says: "Oh."
Finn says: "We're here."
Finn says: "The party's in that castle."
Finn and Jake walk up the remaining stairs to the castle's front door, there is a box of masks at the top.
Finn says: "It's for us!"
Jake says: "What's it say?"
Finn says: "Wear me."
Finn says: "Wear me?"
Jake says: "Wear me?"
Finn and Jake enter the castle, Finn wearing a fox-mask and Jake wearing a green mask with holes for eyes.
Finn says: "Hello?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yoo-hoo!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hey guys!"
Finn says: "Princess Bubblegum, is that you?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Why yes indeed."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Although according to the invitation, we're supposed to use mystery names."
Princess Bubblegum says: "And mine is Lady Quietbottom."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "My name is Duchess Gummybuns."
BMO says: "I am Professor Pants."
Cinnamon Bun says: "I'm Cinnamon Bun."
Lumpy Space Princess slaps Cinnamon Bun of the back of the head.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "What's the name on your invite?"
Cinnamon Bun says: "Oh yeah!"
Cinnamon Bun says: "Uh..."
Cinnamon Bun says: "It's Guy Farting."
Finn says: "Prince Hotbod, at your service."
Jake says: "I'm Randy Butternubs."
Finn says: "So..."
Finn says: "who's our host, anyway?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Nobody knows!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Maybe he'll be a steaming hot babe with huge money."
Jake says: "Tut-tut, Lumpy Space Princess!"
Jake says: "What would your boyfriend Brad say?"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Brad and I broke up a long time ago, duh!"
Everyone else gasps.
Cinnamon Bun says: "Now's my chance!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "No."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Way."
Cinnamon Bun says: "But I can make you happy!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "You big donut!"
Cinnamon Bun says: "Okay."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Excuse me, Guy Farting, there's an envelope on your back."
Cinnamon Bun says: "Where?"
Cinnamon Bun says: "Where?"
Finn says: "Here."
Finn says: "Let me."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Did you put that enevlope on him?"
Jake says: "No."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "No."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I didn't do it, no."
BMO says: "No."
BMO says: "Uh-Uh."
Princess Bubblegum says: "What's it say, Prince Hotbod?"
Finn says: "Esteemed guests, I am your host."
Finn says: "I am a ghost."
Everyone gasps.
Finn says: "By the time you finish reading this, I will posses one of you and use your body to murder everyone in the house."
Everyone gasps again.
Cinnamon Bun says: "We gotta get out of here!"
Finn says: "CB, wait!"
Finn says: "It says anyone who will try to leave will die!"
Cinnamon Bun says: "Nonononononono!"
Lightning flashes and the power goes out, and when it turns back on, reveals a now-skeleton Cinnamon Bun. Everyone gasps in shock.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "He's DEAD!!!"
Jake says: "Yeaaaaah, right."
Finn says: "Whad'ya mean "Yeaaaah, right"?"
Jake says: "To make you think everyone was dead."
Princess Bubblegum says: "It looks real to me."
Jake says: "Classic move."
Finn says: "Dude."
Finn says: "I swear I'm not pranking you."
Finn says: "Cinnamon Bun is dead."
Jake looks sad and agitated and puts finger on his mouth. He drops Cinnamon Bun's skull.
Finn says: "The question is: who killed him?"
Scene Transition.
Finn says: "One of us is possessed by a murderer."
Finn says: "And if we want to stay alive, we have to figure out who's hiding a ghost inside their mortal body."
Everyone looks at each other suspiciously.
Finn says: "BMO!"
BMO says: "Ahh!"
Finn says: "Use your ghost detecting equipment to screen everyone."
BMO takes out old fashioned flash-bulb and takes a picture of Lumpy Space Princess.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I blinked by balls."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "My eye balls."
BMO takes a picture of Princess Bubblegum, who giggles. BMO takes a picture of Jake, who has a blank expression on his face.
BMO says: "Hmmm..."
Jake says: "What do you mean "Hmmm?"
BMO says: "Nothing..."
Whispering at the same time.
Finn says: "Did you see that?"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Oh it was Jake I knew it, I knew it was Jake."
BMO puts flash back inside him.
BMO says: "Processing..."
BMO says: "Data!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Ew."
Finn says: "Huh?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "So who's the ghost, BMO?"
BMO says: "Oh."
BMO says: "Um..."
BMO says: "I don't have a ghost detecting equipment."
BMO says: "I just like taking nice pictures."
Jake says: "Let's find some candles."
Jake says: "If the lights go out again, we'll be able to catch the murderer!"
Finn says: "Good idea!"
Finn says: "Jake and BMO, you check downstairs and we'll take this floor."
Jake says: "Okay."
Jake and BMO begin to walk towards the basement door, as Finn stares suspiciously at Jake.
Scene transitions to BMO and Jake walking down the basement stairs, BMO is using its screen as a flashlight.
Jake says: "Lay truth on me BMO, is Finn pulling some elaborate prank on me?"
BMO says: "No, Jake."
BMO says: "When bad things happen, I know you want to believe they are a joke."
BMO says: "Found it!"
BMO hands the glow stick to Jake.
Jake says: "Ooh!"
Jake says: "Thanks, BMO!"
Jake says: "BMO?"
Jake looks around, BMO is nowhere in sight.
BMO says: "Help!"
A long, worm-like figure flies past Jake. BMO is standing in the darkness behind Jake.
BMO says: "Jake help!"
Jake says: "BMO?"
Two ghostly hands come from behind BMO and pulls him into the darkness.
Jake says: "AHHH!"
Jake says: "Oh my crease!"
Jake says: "Oh my crease!"
Jake says: "Assemble!"
Jake says: "Reassemble!"
Jake says: "Come on you guys!"
Finn and Princess Bubblegum come out of an upstairs bedroom.
Finn says: "Where's BMO?"
Jake says: "The ghost got 'im!"
Finn says: "Don't you mean you got 'im-  Ghost!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Guys, if there really is a ghost killer, then we should stay in a group."
Princess Bubblegum says: "He can't take us all on if we're in a group!"
Lumpy Space Princess screams; Finn, Jake and Princess Bubblegum huddle together. Lumpy Space Princess continues to scream.
Princess Bubblegum says: "LSP, are you okay?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Where are you?"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I'm DYING!"
Toilet flushes & Lumpy Space Princess comes out with.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Ahhh!"
Everyone except Lumpy Space Princess sighs.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Ugh, gross."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "My lumping body's all hollow now, I gotta put something in it."
Lumpy Space Princess opens the dining room door and goes in.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "So where's the food?"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "What kind of castle is this?"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "It's like a poor people's castle!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "With no lumping waffles for my dump truck!"
Princess Bubblegum, Finn and Jake enter the dinning room.
Jake says: "Chill out, girl."
Jake says: "You find any candles upstairs?"
Finn says: "No."
Jake says: "Well, I dropped a lighter downstairs, but there's no way I'm going back for that."
Finn says: "Uh-huh."
Finn says: "Let me remind y'all that the invite says that the ghost will possess one of our bods."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Not my bod."
Jake says: "Someone at this table isn't who they appear to be!"
Finn says: ""Jake."
Finn and Jake crouch down.
Finn says: "So let me ask you a question only the real Jake could answer."
Finn says: "Who is always next to me in my recurring elevator dreams?"
Jake says: "A half-orc shaman."
Finn says: "Okay, you're Jake."
Finn says: "So, who else was absent when BMO got nabbed?"
They stare suspiciously at Lumpy Space Princess.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Oh yeah, right!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I'm not the ghost!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I was in the potty house."
Finn says: "A convenient alibi."
Finn says: "But tell me this..."
Jake says: "Why did you break up with Brad?"
Jake says: "Only the real LSP would know that!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Shah!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "As if you even know the answer to that, Jake!"
Jake says: "You're right."
Jake says: "I'm just feeling gossipy and I wanna know what happened."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "IT'S NONE OF YOUR LUMPING BUSINESS!"
Finn says: "Sounds suspicious."
Finn says: "I bet you're the ghost!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "She did it!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "She's possessed!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Tie her up!"
Finn says: "Oh she is, huh?"
Finn says: "Well, before we tie up LSP, answer me this..."
Finn says: "But answer me this, Princess..."
Finn says: "What did I write to you on your Happy Birthday card two years ago?"
Finn says: "Word for word."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn, there's no way I would remember that..."
Jake says: "You're not PB!"
Jake says: "Tie you up!"
Lumpy Space Princess gasps.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Look!"
They look up and see the ghostly being emerge from the ceiling, causing Lumpy Space Princess to shriek.
Finn says: "A real ghost?!"
Finn says: "!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Aah!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Don't touch me!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Don't touch ME!"
The ghost flies through Princess Bubblegum's abdomen, and she begins melting.
Finn says: "DAAAAAG!"
Jake says: "DAAAAAG!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "DAAAAAG!"
Finn says: "This wasn't supposed to..."
Finn says: "ha-a-appen!"
Jake says: "Aha!"
Jake says: "I knew you were pranking me back, you!"
Finn says: "Yeah..."
Finn says: "it was all a set up."
Finn says: "The doors, Cinnamon Bun's and BMO's."
Finn says: "Oh strizz!"
Finn says: "BMO and Cinnamon Bun should be in the closet over there."
Finn says: "Guys!"
Finn says: "Guys, guys!"
Finn says: "C'mon you guuuu-."
Finn opens the door, revealing Cinnamon Bun to be splattered all over the back wall. Finn starts screaming, followed by Jake. Finn then looks down to see BMO smashed to pieces on the floor of the closet. A part of Cinnamon Bun falls from the ceiling forming a pool in BMO.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I'm calling my lumping parents right now!"
The lights go off, leaving the room illuminated by Lumpy Space Princess's phone. She screams as she floats away from the ghost.
Finn says: "LSP!"
Finn says: "What's happening!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Oh my Glob!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I'm not ready!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Get away!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Oh, gross!"
She screams as the ghost engulfs her and disappears with her​. The lights turn back on, showing Lumpy Space Princess in a painting running alongside some wolves.
Finn says: "Where'd did she GO?!"
Finn says: "!"
Jake says: "I'm scared, bro."
Ghostly, demonic laughing is heard, and the pair look up at the swinging chandelier while an eerie laughter fills the room. Scared, they look towards the closet, and the ghost moves towards them.
Jake says: "RUN, HOMIE, RUN!"
They both run back into the foyer and to the front door.
Finn says: "Open it!"
Jake pulls at the door.
Jake says: "It won't open!"
The ghost enters the foyer and moves towards them. It pushes them into one of the bannisters of the stairs, breaking it.
Finn says: "C'mon!"
Jake says: "Okay..."
Finn makes it up to a door upstairs, opens it and turns to Jake.
Finn says: "Jake!"
Jake says: "Ow, ow, ow!"
Jake says: "I got a splinter!"
Finn says: "Jakey!"
The ghost grabs Jake and pulls him towards the ceiling, but Finn grabs his hands.
Jake says: "Don't let go, man!"
Finn says: "Oh no!"
Finn says: "Your fancy GLOVES!"
Jake's gloves are pulled off and Jake is pulled towards the ceiling screaming. Finn falls backwards through the door and it shuts behind him.
Finn says: "Jake..."
Finn says: "Princess!"
He hears a noise and turns, seeing the wall behind him wobble. From the wall emerges a ghostly woman, which smiles and moves towards him, and he backs away in pure terror. Picking up a chair, Finn smashes it into the wall, then kicks it. Getting his foot stuck, he headbutts the wall, smashing through it in a panic. In the next room, three holes emerge from the floor, and crows from a painting come to life and fly at Finn. One of the holes then turns into a crack along the floor, which begins moving like a mouth biting. He runs up a spiral staircase to the castle's observatory and looks through the window at the waves crashing against the castle walls. The first ghostly figure appears from the stairs.
Finn says: "YEEAAARGH!"
Jake says: "Haha!"
Jake says: "Gotcha, dude!"
Jake says: "Two for two!"
Finn says: "WHAT!"
Finn says: "?"
Jake says: "I figured out your plan months ago!"
Jake says: "So I flipped the script."
Jake says: "Oh yeah!"
Finn says: "So everyone's okay."
Finn says: "BMO, Cinnamon Bun..."
Jake says: "Yeah, see?!"
Jake says: "!"
Lady Rainicorn floats around, showing the supposedly dead friends absorbed into her long body.
Finn says: "Whoa, sick!"
Finn says: "You can phase people into your body?!"
Finn says: "!"
Lady Rainicorn says: "당연하지!"
Lady Rainicorn says: "난 제이크랑 항상 한 몸이 되는데."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I'm ready for you now, Brad."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Isn't it so obvi?"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I'm so ready."
Finn says: "But, PB."
Finn says: "You melted!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "It was a wax dummy, dummy!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Jake switched me out while Lady was distracting you."
Finn says: "Wow, you got me again!"
Finn says: "I can't believe that!"
Finn says: "With the hair, and the house coming alive and stuff..."
Jake says: "The what?"
Finn says: "The walls and chairs trying to eat me and stuff."
Jake says: "Eh, nah."
Jake says: "You must have been so scared you imagined that part."
Finn says: "Uh, no I didn't..."
Jake says: "Haha, nice try, Finn."
Jake says: "Let's get outta here."
Finn climbs onto Lady Rainicorn's back and she flies out of the observatory. Finn thinks back to the Ghost Lady emerging from the wall.
Finn says: "That one's going in the vault."
Finn says: "Aaaaand..."
Finn says: "It's gone."
The episode ends.