The episode opens in the Tree House. Finn, Jake, and Kim Kil Whan are sat in silence for an awkward amount of time.
Kim Kil Whan says: "Okay, so here's what happened."
Kim Kil Whan says: "I had sent my top employee, Rennie Hamlin, to check on one of my properties..."
A flashback begins. Kil Whan is on the phone to Rennie.
Rennie says: "Okay, boss, I'm here now."
Kim Kil Whan says: "..."
Kim Kil Whan says: "Joshua and Margaret Investigations!"
Rennie says: "Yep, there's definitely been a break-in."
Kim Kil Whan says: "Check out the damage."
Kim Kil Whan says: "I'll call you back in thirty seconds."
He hangs up. Rennie approaches the property and enters through the front door. A few seconds later, he emerges looking mortified. His phone rings.
Kim Kil Whan says: "Rennie?"
The flashback ends and cuts back to the Tree House.
Kim Kil Whan says: "And he's been like this ever since."
Kim Kil Whan teleports Rennie into the room, where he is still stammering from whatever frightened him. He is teleported away again.
Finn says: "Poor guy."
Kim Kil Whan says: "Something terrifying has taken residence in Joshua and Margaret's old office, and it's not paying rent."
Kim Kil Whan says: "So I want you guys to find out what it is and get it out."
Jake says: "Yes, sir, son!"
Kim Kil Whan says: "You have one hour!"
Kim Kil Whan says: "Bye, dad."
Jake says: "I wonder what it could be."
Finn says: "Maybe it's a gross rotting fish gob with long, slimy tentacles."
Jake says: "Maybe it's a teenage silverware werewolf squatter."
Finn says: "Hey, you know what it could be?"
Finn says: "It could be a ghost."
Finn says: "I think I saw a ghost there when I was a baby."
Finn says: "Maybe it's like a ghost hotspot."
Jake says: "Ghosts, huh?"
Jake says: "Whoa, wait!"
Jake says: "What if it's..."
Finn says: "Ghost Mom and Dad!"
Jake says: "Ghost Mom and Dad!"
Finn says: "I have to brush my hair!"
Jake says: "I'll go get tulips for Mom!"
The scene changes. Finn and Jake approach the old office. Finn is wearing a tie over his regular clothes, and Jake has some flowers.
Jake says: "Man, I've never been this excited about ghosts before."
Finn says: "This could be one more chance to tell Mom and Dad how much we love them."
Jake says: "And show 'em that their kids are awesome."
They high five, then enter.
Jake says: "Hello?"
Jake says: "Ghosts?"
Jake says: "If you're in here, please vacate my son's property!"
Finn says: "Unless you're Mom and Dad ghosts!"
Jake says: "Yeah, in that case, I brought flowers!"
Finn says: "Look."
Finn says: "There's the broken window."
Finn says: "But I don't see any signs of squatters..."
Finn says: "or ghosts."
Finn says: "Hey Jake, why don't we own this place?"
Jake says: "I dunno."
Jake says: "Kim Kil Whan is a good businessman."
Jake says: "Plus I'd feel kinda weird dealing with this stuff."
Finn says: "Yeah."
Finn says: "Just looking at all this is like, "Whoa, memories!"
Finn says: "" Like this ticker tape machine."
Finn says: "Remember when Mom and Dad brought us to work and we made a fort of ticker tape?"
Jake says: "It was right over there!"
Jake says: "And over here you gave me a wet willie one time."
Finn says: "Ew."
Finn says: "No I didn't."
Jake says: "Right."
Jake says: "I know you believe that's true, but memories distort over time."
Jake says: "Classic false memory syndrome."
Finn says: "Maybe you're the one with a false memory syndrome."
Jake says: "Classic false memory syndrome response."
They hear a ticking sound.
Finn says: "You hear that?"
Finn says: "Can you use your dog powers to locate that sound?"
Finn says: "Anything?"
Jake says: "Nope."
Jake says: "This is a nice bathroom, though."
Jake says: "Man, this whole office is nice."
Jake says: "It's kinda bunk how Mom and Dad stopped using it."
Finn says: "Yeah, it's weird that they had this whole other life, and they just dropped it for us babies."
Jake says: "We were babies forever."
Finn says: "Man, we suck."
Jake says: "Yeah, but they knew what they were getting into."
Jake says: "Whoa!"
Jake says: "Who moved the sofa?"
Jake says: "Who put forth those chairs?!"
Jake says: "!"
Jake says: "Who set the table?!"
Jake says: "!"
Jake says: "What's going on?!"
Jake says: "!"
Finn says: "This griz is poltergeist biz."
Jake says: "But I don't want that."
Finn says: "Embrace the paranormal, bro."
Finn says: "Are these candles real or poltergeist mind-tricks?"
Jake says: "Look!"
A video tape on the bookshelf rattles and falls to the ground.
Finn says: "Poltergeist!"
Jake says: "Poltergeist!"
The scene changes. Finn and Jake have found a video player and are watching the tape. The video begins, revealing Joshua. Behind the camera is Margaret.
Margaret says: "Ooh, goody."
Margaret says: "It's on now, dear."
Joshua says: "Well done, Margaret, love."
Finn says: "Dad!"
Jake says: "Dad!"
Joshua says: "Hello, future people."
Joshua says: "I'm Joshua of Joshua and Margaret Investigations, and behind the camera you have my lovely wife and partner, Margaret."
Margaret says: "Hello."
Joshua says: "We're making this tape to document the strange phenomena in our new office."
Joshua says: "Like this weird message spelled out in-  Oh, applesauce."
Margaret says: "You've really stepped in it now, darling."
Joshua says: "Indubitably."
Joshua says: "But something is definitely trying to chat us up, and we're gonna catch it on film."
Joshua says: "I got this fancy ghost-hunting doohickey."
Joshua says: "It's supposed to record EVPs and such."
Margaret says: "Gracious, there it is!"
Joshua says: "Margaret!"
Joshua says: "Margaret!"
Joshua says: "There's another one over here!"
Another ghost charges out of the bathroom and throws a chair into the camera. Margaret screams and the video cuts out.
Finn says: "Dude!"
Finn says: "This place is full of ghosts!"
Finn says: "We should split up and see if we can get them to appear."
Jake says: "I'll take the bathroom!"
Finn says: "That's the spirit."
Finn says: "Hmm."
Finn says: ""Spirit."
The sun sets and the scene turns to night.
Finn says: "Maybe Mom and Dad left some books about ghost hunting."
Finn says: "Hmm."
Finn says: "It seems like the ticking precedes each ghost encounter."
Finn says: "Okay, Finn, what ticks?"
Finn says: "Metronomes, bombs, pencils..."
Cut to the bathroom, where Jake is cowering in fear, his teeth chattering.
Jake says: "The bathroom is a lot scarier than I was expecting."
The ticking is heard, and then a ghost barges into the bathroom in the same manner that Jake did earlier. Jake screams, then the scene cuts back to Finn.
Finn says: "..."
Finn says: "hearts, egg timers, typewriters."
Jake runs through the room and throws the chairs out of his way, just like the ghost on the tape.
Finn says: "What else?"
Finn says: "Whoa, lil' ghost babies!"
Finn says: "Wait, that's baby Jermaine!"
Finn says: "And baby Jake!"
Finn says: "And baby me!"
Baby Jake says: "Babababa!"
Baby Jake hits Baby Finn playfully and giggles.
Finn says: "Oh yeah?"
Current Finn gives Baby Jake a wet willie.
Baby Jake says: "Oh!"
Baby Jake says: "Yip!"
Baby Jake says: "Yip!"
Baby Jake says: "Yip!"
Baby Jake says: "Yip!"
Finn says: "Oh, snap."
Finn says: "I guess it was me."
Finn says: "Hold on."
Finn says: "These babies ain't ghoulish ghosts at all."
Finn says: "They're like time..."
Finn says: "disto..."
Finn says: "to..."
Finn says: "morphs?"
Finn says: "Hmm."
The scene changes. Jake emerges from the kitchen, with a makeshift suit of armor made of frying pans.
Jake says: "Scared?"
Jake says: "No way!"
Jake says: "I'm primitive!"
Jake says: "I'm real!"
Jake says: "Ghosts, you can't touch this dog!"
Jake says: "You've got ethereal hands!"
Jake says: "I'm alive!"
Jake says: "I'm filled with hot blood!"
Jake says: "You'll never see through me!"
Jake says: "Gotcha, ghoul!"
Instead of the same bathroom as before, the room is instead furnished with futuristic decor. A mole man is sat on a sci-fi toilet reading a newspaper.
Mole Man says: "Pardon?"
Jake says: "Aah!"
Jake says: "Oh, sorry for interrupting your poop."
The design of the room has changed again, this time to contain fancy nineteenth century decor. A human woman in a dress is powdering her face.
Joshua says: "Margaret, stay away!"
Jake says: "Huh?"
Joshua says: "Something's about to happen!"
Jake says: "Dad?"
The scene cuts back to Finn and the babies.
Finn says: "So, I can see you, and you can see me."
Finn says: "And we're occupying the same space now."
Finn says: "So this time stuff must be getting more intense."
Finn says: "Whoa!"
The shape-shifter stares inside at Baby Jake and exhales on the glass.
Finn says: "Hey, creeper, stop creepin' on baby Jake!"
Finn says: "Baby Jake?"
Jake says: "Finn!"
Jake says: "I'm freaking out, man!"
Jake says: "I just saw the most messed-up thing!"
A flashback begins. Jake is at the window, looking out at his parents in the alleyway. It is a repeat of Jake's birth, as previously seen in "Joshua and Margaret Investigations".
Jake says: "Dad?"
Joshua says: "Margaret, stay away!"
Joshua says: "Something's about to happen!"
Margaret says: "Something's about to happen with me, too!"
Joshua says: "Margaret!"
Joshua says: "Aah!"
Joshua says: "Yowzas!"
Baby Jake says: "Hello, Daddy!"
Baby Jake says: "Hello, Mommy!"
Baby Jake says: "It's so nice to be here with you now!"
The flashback ends.
Jake says: "That's so not how I was birthed!"
Jake says: "I'm no melon baby!"
Jake says: "I'm a majestic womb baby!"
Finn says: "Jake, calm down."
Jake says: "I'm gonna go hog-wild on the next ghost I see!"
The scene of Rennie Hamlin approaching the office is seen again. He enters through the front door.
Rennie says: "Boy, do I love real estate!"
A ticking begins, and Jake from the future appears as a ghost to Rennie, who is a ghost himself from Jake's perspective. Jake gasps and shape-shifts into a screaming tentacle monster. Rennie screams and becomes petrified, as seen earlier.
Jake says: "Aah!"
Rennie leaves through the front door again. His phone rings.
Kim Kil Whan says: "Rennie?"
The scene cuts back to Finn and Jake in the present.
Jake says: "We're trapped in a ghost trap!"
Finn says: "Relax, bro."
Finn says: "There's no ghosts."
Finn says: "What we're experiencing are time slips."
Finn says: "Point is, something is causing this."
There is a ticking and a shattering sound as an unknown time ghost breaks the window and enters the house. It climbs into the attic.
Finn says: "You ready?"
Jake looks uneasy, and holds Finn's hand. They follow the time ghost into the attic. They see three ghosts there, and there is a constant ticking.
Finn says: "Time dingalings!"
Finn says: "Wait, that ticking."
Finn says: "I know who this is!"
Finn says: "Clock Bear!"
Jake says: "One of the dudes that escaped Dr."
Jake says: "Gross' menagerie."
Finn says: "He must be the one causing the time slips."
Finn says: "There's us from before."
Finn says: "Are you sick?"
Jake says: "Yeah, I'm pretty disgusted with the whole situation!"
Finn says: "I meant Clock Bear."
Clock Bear groans again and falls onto his stomach. His winding key stops moving. The ticking stops. Finn hesitates, and then begins winding him up again. All of the time ghosts in the house begin to be sucked back into Clock Bear's mechanisms. There is a sound of rushing wind and the constant ticking of clockwork.
Finn says: "He's sucking up all the spilled time!"
Jake says: "That doesn't sound scientific!"
Finn says: "Jake, take care of Clock Bear."
Finn says: "There's something I gotta do!"
Jake says: "Wait, I'm still confused!"
Jake says: "And having feelings!"
Finn rushes downstairs to the ticker tape machine. He takes a length of tape and begins arranging it on the floor. The scene changes to show Joshua and Margaret in the same room, in the past. Margaret has lain the table and is putting forth the chairs. Joshua spots the tape arranging itself.
Joshua says: "Oh boy, our first case!"
Joshua says: "Looks like we have a poltergeist!"
Joshua says: "Whoops!"
The scene changes back to the present once more. Jake, alone, enters the alleyway where he saw himself being born moments ago.
Jake says: "If this was all time weirdness, I guess that memory was true."
Jake says: "I did see my own birth."
Jake says: "Far out."
Jake says: "Hmm."
Shape-shifter says: "We have to leave!"
Jake says: "We're doin' what now?"
The scene changes. Finn is stood at the front of the house with Clock Bear, talking on the phone.
Finn says: "It was just Clock Bear..."
Finn says: "No, I don't think he has any money."
Finn says: "..."
Finn says: "Okay, then."
Episode ends.