In the Fire Kingdom, a Flame Person is sleeping on his bed. His alarm clock rings. The Flame Person wakes up and shuts it off by putting his hand on it.
Flame Person says: "Whoa, I'm losing a lot of weight!"
Flame Person says: "Calorie control and moderate exercise are the key."
Flame Person says: "But I don't do any of those things, so this is weird."
Flame Person says: "Hmm..."
The Fire Kingdom is shown to be cooled down. The Flame People were discussing about their changes.
Flame Guard says: "My jets are tiny!"
Flame Guard says: "No one look at my tiny jets!"
Flame Person says: "At least your body is normal, man."
Flame Person says: "My body isn't hot anymore!"
Flame Person says: "What's going on, man?"
Flame Person says: "I'm scared!"
Flame Person says: "Give me a hug, man!"
Flame Person says: "I don't know!"
Flame Person says: "Aaaaaah!"
Flame Person says: "Nooooo!"
Flame Person says: "My baby brooooo!"
The ground starts to crack and releases a cool air pocket, reducing the sizes of the Flame People as they scream. They run away from the place, passing the discussion chamber. In the discussion chamber, Flame Princess, her older brother, Randy, and her aunt Agnes sit by the conference table, with Cinnamon Bun guarding the door.
Randy says: "I'll do my best, sis!"
Flame Princess says: "Randy, you are here to stay safe only."
Flame Princess says: "Eat your snacks."
Randy says: "I'll do my best, sis."
Agnes says: "Perhaps everyone can form into a big love hug to stay warm!"
Flame Princess says: "That's ridiculous, aunt Agnes."
Agnes says: "I'm not that smart."
Flame Princess' older brother says: "Blow up the Candy Kingdom!"
Flame Princess' older brother says: "I've been saying this for months now!"
Flame Princess' older brother says: "And I'll say it again!"
Flame Princess' older brother says: "Let's blow 'em up with their stockpile of you know whats!"
Flame Princess' older brother says: "We've debated this too long!"
Agnes says: "But why the Candy Kingdom?"
Flame Princess' older brother says: "Their sugar burns hotter and faster with lots of extra calories."
Flame Princess' older brother says: "Don't make me wait, sister!"
Flame Princess' older brother says: "Also, is it safe to talk about in front of the C-I-N-N-A-M-O-N B-U-N?"
Everyone looks at Cinnamon Bun.
Flame Princess says: "Cinnamon Bun, what are you doing?"
Cinnamon Bun says: "My nose itches!"
Flame Princess says: "You don't have a nose."
Cinnamon Bun says: "What?"
Flame Princess says: "Well, whatever it is, it won't go away if you don't stop fiddling with it."
Flame Princess' older brother says: "Blow up the Candy Kingdom!"
Flame Princess' older brother says: "They are trash people!"
Flame Princess says: "I'm prepared to do what I need to as a leader."
Flame Princess says: "Nothing is off the table, but we need Princess Bubblegum as an ally right now."
Flame Princess says: "She might be able to help us solve this."
Flame Princess' older brother says: "Very well."
Flame Princess' older brother says: "Randy, send them an ultimatum!"
Flame Princess' older brother says: "Help us or die!"
Randy says: "Randy is on it!"
The discussion chamber starts to shake and crack, releasing more cool air pockets, one of which hits Agnes as she screams, reducing the size of her head.
Cinnamon Bun says: "Princess!"
Flame Princess' older brother says: "Yeah, pump those legs, Randy!"
The people exit the place, with Cinnamon Bun carrying Flame Princess and her older brother carrying Agnes. The cool air pockets increases in amount, surrounding Flame Princess' brothers and her aunt and preventing them to escape.
Flame Princess says: "Quickly, CB, take me to the core entrance."
Cinnamon Bun says: "Okay!"
Flame Princess runs into the core entrance. Cinnamon Bun puts his fist onto his chest as the door closes. The door then opens as a stern Flame Princess walks out, meeting Princess Bubblegum.
Flame Princess says: "Hello, Bubblegum."
Flame Princess says: "Thank you for coming."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I'm glad you sent for me, and please, call me Bonnibel!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hey, what's your first—"
Princess Bubblegum says: "?"
Flame Princess says: "Don't act like you're my friend, PB!"
Flame Princess says: "You're here to help save my kingdom, not because I trust you."
Flame Princess says: "We're in the midst of unnatural cold season, but the cause has us stumped."
Flame Princess says: "My people are really freaking out."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yeah, my subjects tend to panic in crisis situations, too."
Princess Bubblegum says: "It's tough; a ruler's got to deal with a lot of subservient dummies."
Flame Princess says: "Hmmm..."
Princess Bubblegum's Mondometer starts to act up.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Whoa!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Whoa!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hold up."
Princess Bubblegum says: "My Mondometer is going cuckoo."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Where does this lead?"
Flame Princess says: "Behind these doors are the most secret relics in the Fire Kingdom."
Flame Princess says: "Forbidden to outsiders."
Flame Princess says: "Come on."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Well, whatever is back there is kicking out mondo energy levels."
Princess Bubblegum says: "It could have something to do with the cooling."
The ground starts to shake and crack, causing the two princesses to fall.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Do you wanna save your kingdom or not?"
Flame Princess says: "Alright, but don't touch anything!"
Flame Princess says: "These are the sleeping Fire Giants."
Flame Princess says: "They're the ancient protectors of the Fire Kingdom."
Flame Princess says: "Their existence is known only to those of the royal line, and their story has been passed down through the generations."
Flame Princess sings "A Kingdom from a Spark." Meanwhile, Princess Bubblegum steals the giants' geothermic units and puts them in her bag.
Flame Princess says: "Hey!"
Flame Princess says: "I said "no touching"!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "What?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, no no no!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "This little geothermic control module, or whatever it is, accidentally fell out."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I was just putting it back!"
Flame Princess says: "Huh, strange."
Flame Princess says: "The access panel's lock must have corroded."
Flame Princess says: "What?!"
Flame Princess says: "!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "So let me just finish disarming..."
Flame Princess says: "Nooooo!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hey, nice shot!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Ya ding dong!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Cloak."
Flame Princess says: "Come out in the open and face me like a princess!"
Flame Princess says: "So that gives you the right  I won't let you continue to usurp my authority!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "And I can't leave my people's safety to chance!"
Flame Princess says: "So be it."
The two fire blades destroys two fire giants, causing a huge explosion. The explosion disables Princess Bubblegum's cloak as she screams and hits into the wall from a long distance.
Flame Princess says: "But not today."
Princess Bubblegum then releases a grenade which sends a lightning lightning bolt that sends electricity into the smoke from the damaged giants, creating rain and dousing Flame Princess, as well as preventing her from killing Bubblegum.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Okay, I'll come clean."
Flame Princess says: "Yeah, right."
Princess Bubblegum says: "It was me."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I messed with the core temperature to get in here."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I had to get near your weapon stockpile."
Flame Princess says: "But how did you find out about them?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Ummm..."
In a bathroom, Cinnamon Bun is still picking his nose.
Cinnamon Bun says: "Wait..."
Cinnamon Bun says: "Wow, my nose is disgusting!"
Flame Princess says: "You're still spying on me?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I'm PB!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I spy on everybody."
Princess Bubblegum says: "No big D!"
Flame Princess says: "You're cold, PB!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Eh."
Flame Princess says: "And it's not because you're a scientist or leader; it's because you are a bad person!"
Flame Princess says: "Something inside you is messed up, girl."
Flame Princess says: "And whatever it is,  whatever, whatever, PB!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Okay, keep one last fire giant."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I'm not a bad person."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I want you to see that."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I promise."
Flame Princess says: "You better not be fibbing."
Flame Princess says: "It's Phoebe."
Flame Princess says: "My first name is Phoebe."
Flame Princess says: "You, uh, asked earlier."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Ice King, call it off."
Ice King is shown freezing the core of the Fire Kingdom.
Ice King says: "Roger that, Princess."
Once Ice King stops freezing, the ice on the lava starts to melt. The Fire Kingdom and its citizens revert back to its normal state.
Flame Guard says: "My jets!"
Flame Guard says: "Yes!"
Flame Person says: "Oh no!"
The citizens start to cheer for Flame Princess as she stands above them happily. The scene then changes to Princess Bubblegum in her spy room, where she is still spying on everybody. She looks at the camera that is still spying on Flame Princess and her older brother.
Flame Princess' older brother says: "I was gonna blow up stuff!"
Flame Princess' older brother says: "It was going to be cool!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hmmm..."
Flame Princess' older brother says: "We were going to war!"
Princess Bubblegum then pulls out the wire, disabling the camera that was spying on Flame Princess and her older brother. Princess Bubblegum then looks at the camera which is spying on Finn and Jake, who are singing "Food Chain." Ripping out the wiring, she disables the camera, along with all the other cameras in her spy room, ending years of paranoia and lies. Princess Bubblegum then puts a lock on and a "Do Not Enter" sign and leaves.
Episode ends.