The episode begins outside the Tree Fort, where Finn, Jake, and BMO are relaxing. Finn presses a button on BMO, and Finn and Jake sing "We're Finn and Jake.".
Lumpy Space Messenger says: "Sir!"
Lumpy Space Messenger says: "My sir!"
Lumpy Space Messenger says: "A message from their majesties."
Finn says: "King and Queen Lumpy Space!"
Jake says: "King and Queen Lumpy Space!"
Lumpy Space Queen says: "We can't find our baby girl!"
Lumpy Space King says: "She's been missing for days!"
Finn says: "Whoa, stop your crying, you two."
Finn says: "We'll help you find your daughter."
Finn says: "We'll find her using Jake's muscles."
Finn says: "Dude, show off your muscles!"
Jake makes his right arm muscular.
Finn says: "Whoo!"
Lumpy Space King says: "Please, take her these sandwiches we made."
Lumpy Space King says: "She loves these sandwiches."
Lumpy Space King says: "Thank you, boys."
Finn says: "Whoo!"
Scene changes to Finn and Jake walking through a forest with the basket of sandwiches.
Finn says: "Dude, I know where Lumpy Space Princess is."
Finn says: "She's in the woods eating beans."
Jake says: "Mmhmm!"
Jake says: "This is gonna be easy as..."
Jake says: "uh..."
Jake says: "mm..."
Finn says: "Easy as childbirth!"
Jake says: "Yeah, okay."
They stop at the base of a tree and look around. A little person holding a sock falls out of the tree.
Fat Villager says: "Please, please help me."
Fat Villager says: "A monster is terrorizing our village and has eaten up all the crops."
Finn says: "Why were you up here in this tree?"
Fat Villager says: "I thought I saw some food, and I was hiding from the monster."
Finn says: "Hmm."
Finn says: "I guess we can help this guy real quick and then get back to LSP."
Jake says: "Where's your village?"
Fat Villager says: "Umm, I don't remember."
Another Fat Villager falls from a tree.
Fat Villager says: "Howard remembers."
Fat Villager says: "Hey!"
Fat Villager says: "It's Howard!"
Fat Villager says: "Howard!"
Fat Villager says: "You remember where the village is?"
Howard says: "Yeah, I marked it on the map, but  it's only half."
Another Fat Villager falls from a tree, holding the other half of the map. Howard runs over to the villager and joins his half to the other's.
Howard says: "Well, we're all ready."
Fat Villager #2 says: "We can't leave yet."
Yet another Fat Villager falls from a tree, followed by a much smaller Fat Villager.
Fat Villagers says: "Aw."
An even smaller Fat Villager falls from the same tree on top of the small Fat Villager. It then takes a very tiny villager out from underneath its shirt.
Howard says: "Alright, now we're ready."
Fat Villager #3 says: "What's in the basket?"
Jake says: "Sammiches!"
Fat Villagers says: "Food!"
Fat Villagers says: "Food!"
Finn says: "Wait!"
Finn says: "You can't eat this food!"
Finn says: "It's not ours to give!"
Fat Villagers says: "Aw."
Finn says: "Now, show us the way to your town."
Fat Villager #4 says: "Too tired from hunger."
Fat Villager #4 says: "Carry me?"
Scene changes to the village.
Fat Villager #1 says: "The monster lives in that windmill, but we're too scared to go near it."
Finn says: "Nothing scares us!"
Jake says: "Nothing scares us!"
Finn and Jake walk up the windmill. Finn picks up a dagger off the ground.
Jake says: "Be alert."
Jake says: "Anything could pop out of there and rip our faces off."
Finn says: "Whoo."
Jake says: "Be careful, Finn."
Finn, dagger drawn, walks toward a bed and pulls back the cover, revealing Lumpy Space Princess.
Finn says: "It's you!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Finn, what the junk?"
Jake says: "It's you!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Oh, sandwiches!"
Jake says: "LSP, what the heck are you doin' here?"
Finn says: "Are you in here making out with the monster?"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "No..."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I am the monster."
Jake says: "Whaaaaat?"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "It's a long story."
The three pull up some boxes to sit on as a flashback begins.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "It all started at my lumpin' parents' house."
Lumpy Space King says: "Daughter?"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Yeah?"
Lumpy Space Queen says: "How are the sandwiches?"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "They're lumpin' delicious, Mom."
Lumpy Space King says: "You know, you could enjoy your mom's sandwiches every day if you came back more often."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "No."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "You can have them delivered to me at my apartment."
Lumpy Space Queen says: "We want you to move back home, sweetheart."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "What?!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "!"
Lumpy Space King says: "Wait, sweetheart."
Lumpy Space King says: "We're just worried about you."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Ha!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Y'all don't think I can make it on my own?"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I'll show you!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I'm running away!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I stormed out and left Lumpy Space forever."
Flashback ends.
Jake says: "Oh, and then you found this windmill."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "No."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Something else happened first."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Keep listening."
Flashback resumes.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I was so cold, and I was so very hungry."
Lumpy Space Princess wanders through a forest and peels the bark off a tree. She eats it but immediately throws up. Thunder rumbles, and it starts raining.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Uh!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Oh, Glob!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Maybe I can..."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "make a shelter out of these nuts!"
She assembles some acorns into a small igloo-like structure, but once she gets inside, it falls apart.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "It's not fair."
Some wolves come up and lick her. They stop to let Mama Wolf pick her up and take her into their cave.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I was rescued by a family of wolves."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "The mama wolf was all like, "We must take care of her, as if she were our own."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "" And Papa Wolf was all like, "This is a special child who needs special love because she's gonna be great when she grows up."
Flashback ends.
Finn says: "So these were talking wolves?"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "No, they were normal wolves."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I knew what they were thinking because of their body language."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Stop interrupting, Finn."
Finn frowns.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I found a home where I could act like myself."
Flashback resumes.
The wolves lick Lumpy Space Princess, and she runs with them.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "They took care of me."
The wolves present some dead rabbits to Lumpy Space Princess. Then Lumpy Space Princess howls at the moon with them, and runs with them again.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I knew that if my parents could see me now, they'd be jealous of how lumpin' awesome I am."
The wolves and Lumpy Space Princess, each carrying a pumpkin, run back to the cave.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Oh, my Glob!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "But then, the drama started."
A wolf licks another's back.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Okay, here's the secret: I just saw Jessica making out with Mark..."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "behind Tony's back!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Stephanie, are you even listening?"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "'Cause I'm kinda freaking out right now!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Tony's gonna come back from hunting any minute now, and—"
A howl is heard.
Three wolves drag a dead horse toward the cave.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Hi, Tony!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Oh, my Glob."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Guys, what are we gonna—"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "oh."
Scene changes to inside the cave, where the wolves are eating the dead horse.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "So, should we say something to Tony?"
The wolves continue eating.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "You guys!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "TONY, JESSICA'S CHEATING ON YOU!"
All the wolves stop and look at her.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Oh, my Glob."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Oh, my Glob."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Oh, my Glob."
The wolves start growling and surround her.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Look, I'm sorry."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I know it's none of my business."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I know, I—"
Stephanie howls.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Because I think Tony has a right to know, Stephanie!"
Another wolf howls.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Nuh-uh, Miranda, I do not like Tony."
Jessica starts licking Lumpy Space Princess.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "No, Jessica!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Don't cheat on Tony with me!"
The wolves growl, pounce on her, and start biting.
The wolves run after her.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Oh, Glob."
Scene changes to the Fat Villagers harvesting crops.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I came upon a tribe of villagers."
Female Fat Villager says: "Monster!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Oh, I'm so hungry!"
Male Fat Villager says: "Monster!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Ah!"
Another Fat Villager says: "Monster!"
Flashback ends.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Anyway, then I found this windmill, and whenever I get hungry, I dress up like the monster and I go eat all the villagers' crops."
Finn says: "LSP, you're stealing!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Don't say that."
Finn and Jake pick up the sandwiches, put them back in the basket, and hand it back to Lumpy Space Princess.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Thanks, Finn."
Finn says: "LSP, if you wanna feel better, you should apologize to the farmers and make amends."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Really?"
Jake says: "Yeah, that'll work."
Lumpy Space Princess leaves the windmill with the basket in hand and floats into the village.
Fat Villager says: "Monster!"
Fat Villager says: "Monster!"
Fat Villager says: "Monster!"
Fat Villager says: "Monster!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "No."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "No, wait!"
Fat Villagers says: "Monster!"
Fat Villagers says: "Monster!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I'm not a monster!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I was just pretending to be a monster."
Fat Villagers says: "Uh?"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I'm sorry that you're starving because I ate all of your crops, even though you're all still really fat, and I probably helped you lose some weight."
Fat Villager says: "Did she just call us fat?"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Don't get all bent out of shape!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I'm just being honest!"
Finn says: "LSP!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "What?"
Finn says: "That apology was terrible!"
Lumpy Space Princess eats a sandwich.
Fat Villager says: "Look, the monster eats while it apologizes!"
Fat Villager says: "Let's kill it!"
They chase after her with tools and a lit torch. Finn and Jake follow. They corner her against a cliff.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Please don't kill me!"
Fat Villager says: "We have to!"
Finn says: "Well, you don't have to."
Jake says: "Yeah, you could just let her go."
Fat Villager says: "If we let her go, she'll keep eating our crops, and we'll starve!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Why don't you just get your parents to buy you more crops?"
Some small Fat Villagers come into view.
Fat Villager says: "We are parents!"
Fat Villager says: "Those crops were for our children!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "You guys are parents?"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Just like my parents..."
Finn says: "LSP, are you okay?"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Yeah, Finn, I'm great."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Here,  I want you to have these sandwiches."
Fat Villagers says: "Sandwiches."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Yeah, they're really good."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "They're made with a lot of love."
Each Fat Villager starts eating a sandwich.
Finn says: "It's working!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I saved the village!"
Scene changes to Lumpy Space.
Lumpy Space King says: "Well, we're just glad you're home."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Whatever."
Lumpy Space King says: "And thank you, Finn and Jake."
Finn says: "No problem."
Jake says: "Yeah, we didn't really do that much."
Episode ends.