The Wand/Transcript.
Season ?, episode ?
Unknown.
Credits.
Tom Herpich.
Tom Herpich.
This article is a transcript of the Adventure Time episode "The Wand" from season ?, which aired on Unknown.
Characters.
FinnJakeIce KingGiant AntLumpy Space Princess.
Music.
None.
Locations.
Grass Lands.
This transcript is complete.
Transcript.
The episode starts with Jake in a maximized size sitting on a hill watching clouds with Finn lying on Jake's stomach. Jake shrinks down and Finn rolls on the ground.
Finn says: "Jake, these clouds are beautiful, dude."
Jake says: "Yeah, man."
Jake says: "Makes me wish I didn't have to poop ever again and could just la..."
Jake says: "ah..."
Jake says: "ow!"
Jake says: "Hey, what the heck am I laying on?"
Jake says: "Hmm!"
Jake pulls out a magic wand, and it shoots out colored spirits; he aims the wand at his foot, and it transforms into a duck, which starts spitting out tiny purple stars when it tweets. His foot returns to normal.
Finn says: "Holy stuff!"
Jake says: "Let's get outta here and wreck some stuff with this thing!"
Finn says: "Yeah!"
Finn and Jake run down the hill happily.
Jake says: "Oh, snap, look!"
Ice King is trying to burn a giant ant with a magnifying glass but isn't making much progress.
Ice King says: "Oh..."
Ice King says: "why won't you die?"
The ant makes a trombone sound.
Finn says: "Hey, Ice King!"
Ice King says: "Yes, Finn?"
Finn says: "Stop hurting that ant, you old bag!"
Finn says: "Or you're gonna get it!"
Ice King says: "You want some of this too?"
Ice King says: "Huh?"
Ice King says: "Eh."
Jake shoots colored spirits at Ice King with the wand, and he and Finn laugh as Ice King falls on his face and the ant gets away. A blast comes out of the wand and hits Finn in the face.
Finn says: "Ow, Jake!"
Jake says: "Sorry, this thing's kinda got a mind of—"
The wand goes wild and blasts out colored stuff, sending Jake back with recoil.
Jake says: "Ah-haha!"
Finn says: "Turn it off, Jake!"
Jake is unable control it, thus it continues to shoot out colored spirits.
Finn runs and screams, grabbing Jake causing him to drop the wand. It continues to wreak havoc.
Finn says: "We've got to stop it!"
Jake says: "What are we gonna do?"
Ice King says: "To defeat the wand!"
Finn and Jake groan.
Finn says: "Okay, Ice King."
Finn says: "We'll keep it distracted, and you sacrifice yourself to destroy the wand."
Finn says: "Hey, wand!"
Finn says: "I heard you pay a robot to rub your tummy for you!"
The spirits pause and become angry. Ice King appears from behind, holding his cloak. The spirits recede back into the wand, and a really angry looking spirit starts coming out.
Finn says: "Now, Ice King!"
Ice King runs towards the wand.
Ice King says: "Whoop!"
Ice King says: "Whoop!"
Ice King says: "Whoop!"
Ice King says: "Whoo!"
The wand explodes a little, muffled by the robe and Ice King's body. A few spirit creatures escape from underneath him, and Finn and Jake run to him.
Finn says: "Wow!"
Finn says: "That was awesome, dude!"
Jake says: "Wow, Ice King!"
Jake says: "Heh heh!"
Jake says: "That was amazing!"
Ice King groans and lifts his face up, but it looks different. His beard is gone, he has small wings on the side of his head, and his mouth is like a little beak, which lets out tiny purple stars when he talks.
Ice King says: "Did I get it?"
Finn says: "Yeah, man."
Jake says: "You got it."
Episode ends.