Episode starts in the Candy Kingdom. Finn and Jake are laughing while throwing bottles at a nearby wall.
Jake says: "Here, try throwing this one."
Jake hands Finn a bottle. Finn throws the bottle. When it breaks, a purple vapor in a humanoid form appears and vanishes.
Jake says: "Here's one called Caturday Surprise."
Finn says: "Throw it!"
Jake throws the bottle. Green, pink, and blue cats explode out of it. Both Finn and Jake start laughing. They stop their laughter once they hear Princess Bubblegum.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yeah, go on, get out of here!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Unless you feel like a fist cookie, you better keep runnin'!"
Finn says: "What the heck is goin' on?"
Jake says: "I have no idea."
Jake says: "But it's probably best to stay out of it."
Finn says: "Yeah."
Finn says: "Hey, look."
Jake says: "Uh-oh..."
Camera shows window that was shattered.
Princess Bubblegum says: "What have you done?!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "!"
Duke of Nuts says: "Oh..."
Finn says: "Oh no!"
Finn says: "She thinks that nuts guy did it."
Finn says: "We gotta go clear up what happened!"
Scene changes to inside the room with the shattered window. Dr. Ice Cream is putting a thick rubber suit on Princess Bubblegum.
Dr. Ice Cream says: "Don't worry, my dear."
Dr. Ice Cream says: "I'll have you fixed up in no time!"
Finn says: "Princess!"
Finn says: "Are you OK?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yeah, I guess if green and bald is okay."
Finn gasps as Jake starts to laugh. Finn looks at Jake annoyingly.
Jake says: "Oh boy."
Jake says: "I'm sorry!"
Jake says: "I can't stop now."
Princess Bubblegum looks depressed from Jake's reaction.
Dr. Ice Cream says: "My dear, not to worry!"
Dr. Ice Cream says: "The medicine milk in this suit will have you healed lickety-split!"
Dr. Ice Cream says: "In just five days you'll be back to your beautiful bubblegummy self."
Finn says: "Uh..."
Finn says: "hey, Princess."
Finn says: "There's something I should tell you about that bottle that hit you in the face."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I already know, Finn!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "The Duke of Nuts has always been a bad guy."
Princess Bubblegum says: "But now that he's done this, I'll never forgive him!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "And it's not just because I hate the Duke!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I'd never forgive anybody who did this to me!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I'd hate them!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "FOREVER!"
Finn says: "Forever?!"
Finn says: "!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finally."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I have a witness to his misdeeds!"
Jake says: "Two witnesses!"
Finn says: "Jake!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh Finn, my flawless, flawless champion, bring the Duke of Nuts to justice."
Princess Bubblegum says: "The justice of a cold dungeon!"
Jake says: "Heheh."
Jake says: "She's completely bonkers."
Finn says: "What do I do?"
Finn says: "If I tell her I threw it, she'll hate me forever!"
Jake says: "Don't worry!"
Jake says: "That won't happen."
Jake says: "We're gonna catch that Duke!"
Finn says: "But we're the ones who threw the bottle!"
Jake says: "Dude, look."
Jake says: "The Duke of Nuts is bad guys."
Finn says: "How do you know that?"
Jake says: "Think about it."
Jake says: "If Bubblegum hates him so much, then he must have done some rotten stuff."
Jake says: "I mean, maybe he even threw a bottle and turned someone ugly before."
Finn says: "Maybe you're right."
Jake says: "Maybe I am!"
Finn says: "Alright, just this once, we'll be vigilantes!"
Jake says: "Nah, we're more like cops."
Jake says: "Crooked cops!"
Finn says: "Princess!"
Finn says: "I won't rest until the villainous duke is captured!"
Finn says: "Woah."
Finn says: "Okay, and by then, hopefully you'll have taken care of..."
Finn says: "this."
Scene changes to the Duke of Nuts' castle. Finn and Jake walk towards it.
Finn says: "Look yonder!"
Finn says: "The Duke of Nuts castle!"
They kick open the door, barging in.
Finn says: "Duke of Nuts!"
Jake says: "How are you?"
Finn says: "By order of Princess..."
The Duchess of Nuts turns around in a chair by the fireplace in the room where Finn and Jake barged in.
Duchess of Nuts says: "Hello, Finn."
Duchess of Nuts says: "Are you here to arrest the Duke?"
Finn says: "How did you know?"
Duchess of Nuts says: "The nuts told me..."
Duchess of Nuts says: "for I am the Duchess of Nuts!"
Jake says: "Oh..."
Jake says: "should've asked if these were, like, her eggs or something."
Duchess of Nuts says: "I know of my husband's crime against the princess."
Duchess of Nuts says: "A crime that you personally witnessed!"
Duchess of Nuts says: "And why would you lie?"
Duchess of Nuts says: "Huh?"
Finn says: "Yeah, why?"
Duchess of Nuts says: "Oh but he was once such a wonderful man!"
Duchess of Nuts says: "He'd pet dogs, kissed babies; we'd lie together underneath the cashew bush."
Duchess of Nuts says: "He even taught under-privileged nuts how to dance."
Duchess of Nuts says: "But somehow he's gone rancid!"
Duchess of Nuts says: "These nuts tell me he must be executed."
Duchess of Nuts says: "Would you like to hear what my nuts have to say?!"
Duchess of Nuts says: "!"
Finn says: "That won't be..."
Finn says: "um..."
Finn says: "necessary."
The Duchess starts running after them.
Duchess of Nuts says: "Listen!"
Duchess of Nuts says: "Listen!"
Finn runs out, grabbing Jake.
Jake says: "Woah!"
Scene changes to outside the Duke of Nuts' Castle. Finn closes the door behind him.
Finn says: "I don't get it, Jake."
Finn says: "How can the dude be evil if he pets puppies, kisses babies, and lies with his wife?"
Jake says: "What?!"
Jake says: "!"
Jake says: "You believe that?"
Jake says: "She is nuts."
Jake says: "Listen, man."
Jake says: "Let's just go back and face the music."
Jake says: "Who cares if Bubblegum hates you forever?"
Jake says: "It's no biggie."
Jake says: "Tons of people hate me!"
Scene changes to somewhere in a forest. A squirrel is reading some kind of newspaper in a hologram.
Squirrel says: "Why, Jake?"
Squirrel says: "Why won't you print my letters?"
Squirrel says: "I..."
Squirrel says: "I..."
Squirrel says: "I HATE YOU!"
Scene switches back to Finn and Jake.
Finn says: "Hmm."
Finn says: "It's him!"
Finn says: "The Duke of Nuts!"
Finn and Jake run after him.
Jake says: "I went left too!"
They both fall on the figure from before.
Finn says: "Wha-?"
Finn says: "You're way smaller than I thought you were!"
Jake says: "Dude."
Jake says: "That's not him."
Marquis of Nuts says: "No one will harm the Duke of Nuts!"
Marquis of Nuts says: "I will kill whoever seeks to arrest him!"
The Duke of Nuts walks out of the forest.
Duke of Nuts says: "No!"
Duke of Nuts says: "Please!"
Duke of Nuts says: "This has gone far enough!"
Jake says: "That's the Duke of Nuts."
Marquis of Nuts says: "But I vowed to kill whoever did this to you."
Marquis of Nuts says: "They can't take you away, Dad!"
Duke of Nuts says: "Who's the toughest little nut?"
Duke of Nuts says: "That's you."
Duke of Nuts says: "One second."
Finn uses his hands to ask if they should walk away. The Duke of Nuts thumbs them up. Finn and Jake walk away.
Finn says: "Man, I don't know, Jake."
Finn says: "Why would Princess Bubblegum hate him if he's such a nice guy?"
Jake says: "Just because he's a good father, doesn't necessarily mean he isn't a villain."
Finn says: "That doesn't look like a villain."
Camera shows the Duke of Nuts putting his cape down for geese to walk across so they don't get wet.
Jake says: "I can probably think of a reason why that's villainous if you gave me enough time."
Jake says: "Maybe."
Finn says: "Ugh!"
Finn says: "Maybe we should just confess."
Finn says: "But then, Princess Bubblegum will hate us forever."
Jake says: "Hey man, it's not that bad being hated."
A letter flies near Jake's foot.
Squirrel says: "C'mon man, pick it up!"
Finn and Jake walk by it, unnoticed.
Squirrel says: "You son of a bleeblop!"
Duke of Nuts says: "Oh!"
Duke of Nuts says: "Sorry to make you wait."
Duke of Nuts says: "I made these daisy crowns for you guys as a- as a token of gratitude for waiting."
Duke of Nuts says: "Oh..."
Duke of Nuts says: "sorry I..."
Duke of Nuts says: "."
Duke of Nuts says: "I have to sit down for a second."
Duke of Nuts says: "I know this is an odd question, but you wouldn't happen to have any pudding on you, would you?"
Finn says: "Actually yeah, I think I have one in my pack."
Duke of Nuts says: "Oh, thank goodness."
Finn says: "I think I have a spoon in here too- wha-?"
We see the Duke of Nuts has already eaten all of the pudding.
Jake says: "What happened to the cup?"
The Duke takes it out of his mouth and puts it in Jake's hand.
Duke of Nuts says: "Oh, I'm so embarrassed!"
Duke of Nuts says: "Now you know my shame."
Duke of Nuts says: "I can't stop eating pudding."
Finn says: "What?!"
Finn says: "!"
Duke of Nuts says: "I don't tell people because I hate making them worry, but yes, I have a rare condition."
Duke of Nuts says: "A pudding deficiency."
Duke of Nuts says: "And I always end up eating all of the royal pudding supply whenever I go to the castle."
Finn says: "So that's why Princess Bubblegum hates you!"
Duke of Nuts says: "Yes, but I didn't turn Princess Bubblegum green and bald!"
Duke of Nuts says: "I would never do such a thing!"
Finn says: "Gah!"
Finn says: "Of course you wouldn't!"
Finn says: "You're too nice a guy."
Finn says: "I'm the one who threw that bottle."
Finn says: "I was gonna tell her, but then-- she started talking all crazy-- she said she'd never forgive me and I-- I didn't know!"
Duke of Nuts says: "Hey, it's okay."
Duke of Nuts says: "People make mistakes."
Duke of Nuts says: "It's all part of growing up and you never truly stop growing."
Finn says: "Now you're making me feel even worse by being so nice about it."
Duke of Nuts says: "Maybe I should just confess the crime and end all of this."
Finn says: "Wait..."
Finn says: "I think I might have an idea that will save everyone's reputations."
Scene changes to later that day. Peppermint Butler is driving Princess Bubblegum around in a mobile bath tub filled with healing milk. Finn jumps out of the forest and stops them.
Finn says: "Halt!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Did you find the duke yet?"
Finn says: "Not yet, but you are in grave danger, Princess."
Finn says: "There is an assassin in these very woods, dead set on stopping you from reaching the Grand Meeting."
Finn says: "In fact, what's that rustling in the bush??"
Jake says: "I'm an ambush!"
Jake says: "Halt!"
Finn says: "What's going on?!"
Finn says: "!"
Jake says: "Oh,  Did I come out to early?"
Finn says: "What are you here to do, stranger?"
Jake says: "I've come for the princess."
Jake says: "I'm an assassin!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Um, guys?"
Finn says: "Stand back!"
Finn says: "I will stop him!"
Finn says: "Hi-yah!"
Jake says: "Hi-yah!"
Both Finn and Jake jump into the air. They pretend fight for a couple of seconds.
Jake says: "I will kill you!"
Jake says: "And raise your children as my own!"
Finn says: "Hi-yaah!"
They still pretend to fight until Jake actually punches Finn into a nearby rock.
Jake says: "Hah!"
Finn says: "Remember, it's just acting, Jake!"
Jake says: "Get out there, man!"
Duke of Nuts says: "I don't know if I can do this."
Jake says: "Go, go, go, go!"
Duke of Nuts says: "And that's how I, the Duke of Nuts, by disfiguring you beyond all recognition, humbly saved your life."
Jake says: "Yeah, alright!"
Finn says: "Yeah!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "What was the point of this little play again?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "And why isn't the duke clapped in irons?!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "!"
Duke of Nuts says: "She's right."
Duke of Nuts says: "Innocent or not, I should accept what's coming to me."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Peppermint Butler!"
Finn says: "Oh, no!"
Duke of Nuts says: "Nuttin's going my way today."
Peppermint Butler jumps up to handcuff the Duke of Nuts. However, he can't reach. Finn runs between them and keeps them apart.
Finn says: "No!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn?"
Finn says: "The duke didn't throw that bottle!"
Finn says: "Ahh- Princess, I have something sucky to confess."
Finn says: "I'm the one who threw the bottle."
Finn says: "I'm sorry, but I knew if I told you, you'd hate me forever!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hmm..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "well, I could never stay mad at you forever."
Princess Bubblegum says: "And you seem genuinely penitent."
Finn says: "I don't even know what that means, but thank you!"
The Duke of Nuts is laughing with Jake.
Princess Bubblegum says: "But that doesn't douse my hatred for the duke!"
Finn says: "Yeah, what's up with that hate?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "That jerk always empties out my pudding pantry!"
Finn says: "Aw, shucks."
Finn says: "He just can't control himself around pudding."
Finn says: "He goes cocoa-nuts for it!"
Finn says: "Because he has a pudding deficiency!"
Duke of Nuts says: "It's true, your majesty."
Duke of Nuts says: "I'm sorry for my medical condition."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, my, you poor man!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Of course you're forgiven!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yeah, I don't believe a word from him."
Finn says: "I'm really sorry about making you temporarily ugly, Princess."
Finn says: "Especially before the Grand Meeting of Ooo Royalty."
Finn says: "I wish there was some way to make it up to you."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Maybe there is, Finn."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Maybe there is..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "hey!"
Finn says: "Hmm, what?"
Finn says: "You said maybe."
Scene changes to the Grand Meeting of Ooo Royalty.
Turtle King says: "Call to order the sesquicentennial Grand Meeting of Ooo Royalty."
Turtle King says: "I now call upon the delegate from the Candy Kingdom."
Turtle King says: "Princess Bubblegums?"
Camera pans to show Finn and Jake, who are dressed up like Princess Bubblegum. Finn gets up and reads off a pre-written letter from the princess.
Finn says: "Ahem!"
Finn says: "It would be presumptuous indeed to present myself against the distinguished princess to whom you have listened."
Jake says: "Buy a lady a drink?"
A mask falls off the oval-shaped member of royalty to show that it is actually the Marquis of Nuts.
Finn says: "The Marquis of Nuts?!"
Jake says: "The Marquis of Nuts?!"
Finn says: "!"
Jake says: "!"
Marquis of Nuts says: "Yes, but I didn't come alone!"
The face of the Turtle King is ripped open and the Squirrel comes out.
Squirrel says: "Remember me, Jake?!"
Squirrel says: "!"
Jake says: "..."
Jake says: "nope."
Both the Marquis of Nuts and the Squirrel start screaming and jump on top of Finn and Jake. The episode pauses before they land on them.
Episode ends.