The episode starts off in the Tree Fort with pots and pans crashing. Finn is stirring a bowl with nothing in it. Something growls and green tentacles come towards Finn.
Finn says: "Wha—"
Finn says: "?"
Finn steps back and the stove melts, turning into a blue creature with green hair. The creature smiles.
Finn says: "Wha—"
Finn says: "?!"
Finn says: "!"
The scene goes to Jake, who is sound asleep. In the background, you can hear Finn scream for help.
Jake says: "What?"
Jake says: "Finn?!"
Jake says: "!"
The scene goes back to Finn, where the blue creature is engulfing him.
Jake says: "I'm coming!"
Finn says: "She's got me!"
Finn says: "She's got me!"
Jake sees Finn asleep on the floor, kicking in the air.
Finn says: "Whoa."
Finn says: "Jake?"
Finn says: "Was I..."
Finn says: "?"
Jake says: "Yes, Finn."
Jake says: "Again."
Jake says: "Every time youse is screaming about "She's got me!"
Jake says: "" and all that."
Finn says: "She's got..."
Finn says: "Wha?"
Jake says: "Wait, you don't remember?"
Jake says: "You just woke up, man!"
Jake says: "Recall it, baby!"
Jake says: "Come on."
Finn closes his eyes in frustration, trying to remember. He starts to punch each side of his head multiple times.
Jake says: "That's too much; don't punch yourself."
Finn says: "Eh, it's gone."
Finn says: "I don't know."
Jake says: "You're repressin' the memory, dude!"
Finn says: "I'm what?"
Jake says: "You're hiding whatever she is in a mental vault."
Finn says: "Oh, yeah."
Finn says: "The vault."
Finn says: "That's where the stuff I can't handle goes."
Finn says: "Kerplunk."
Jake says: "Okay, so you even know you're doing it?"
Finn says: "Yeah."
Jake says: "Listen, we gotta find out who this lady is."
Jake says: "We gotta open the vault a little."
Finn says: "No, sir."
Jake says: "This is just gonna keep happening, man."
Finn says: "It's alright."
Finn says: "I'm not hurting anybody."
Jake says: "Finn, for reals."
Finn says: "NO!"
Jake says: "Alright."
Jake says: "Chill, chill."
Jake says: "Don't sweat it, man."
Jake says: "It's not even a thing."
Finn says: "Cool."
Jake says: "Why don't you clean up the kitchen now?"
Finn says: "Okay."
Finn says: "I'm sorry I did that."
Jake says: "It's alright."
Jake says: "It's only, like, the fifth room you've train-wrecked this month."
Finn and Jake walk away from each other.
Scene cuts to Finn on the sofa while Jake is carrying BMO.
Jake says: "Wow, that was fast."
Finn says: "Yup."
Jake says: "While you were doing that, I downloaded a new game on BMO."
Finn says: "There's a cricket in here."
Jake says: "Huh?"
Finn says: "What is it?"
Jake says: "I don't know."
Jake says: "Lady said it's good."
Finn says: "Hmmm."
Finn says: "She likes those games where you're, like, collecting materials to make stationery."
Jake says: "Naw, this is different."
Jake says: "It's different."
Finn says: "A'ight, let's peep it."
[Finn presses a button. On BMO'S screen it says says: "Regression Simulator Press Start."
Finn says: "Regression Simulator?"
Finn says: "Uh, okay."
Finn presses the start button.
Finn says: "Start."
A red hexagon swirls 360 degrees. An unknown male voice starts talking.
Male Voice says: "Welcome, adventurer."
Finn seems shocked while Jake sits next to him, covering his eyes.
Finn says: "Whoa."
Male Voice says: "I am the Hypno-Priest."
Male Voice says: "I will be your guide."
The scene shows Finn mindless with the red spiral reflecting in his eyes.
Male Voice says: "Deep into your subconscious mind."
Male Voice says: "Follow me now, adventurer."
Finn says: "The vault."
Finn walks up to the spiral.
Jake says: "Go in there, man!"
Jake says: "Don't be scurred."
A door forms and Finn walks through it. Jake's eyes are still closed.
Jake says: "What do you see?"
Finn says: "I see..."
Finn says: "my past lives."
A comet flies by.
Finn says: "I was a comet..."
A butterfly is shown, sitting on a flower.
Finn says: "A butterfly..."
A pink object is shown.
Finn says: "A thing..."
Finn says: "I don't know what that is."
Finn says: "Some kind of shape?"
Finn says: "Or a doodoo in another dimension?"
The scene goes to Jake. He opens his right eye but with his hand still covering it.
Jake says: "Do you remember anything about the scary lady?"
Finn squints his eyes.
Finn says: "Scary lady?"
He thinks for a second and closes his eyes.
Finn says: "Yeah."
Finn says: "I was her!"
Finn says: "Except she was a chubby tiger."
A white tiger with blue eyes is seen running.
Finn says: "No, no, no, wait, wait, wait."
Finn says: "She was riding a tiger, and she wasn't scary."
A black haired girl with green skin is seen riding a tiger. She is wearing a short green dress with a dagger strapped to her chest. She is missing her right arm. The tiger runs up some white steps to a building. The door opens for them by a green skinned man wearing a shower cap.
Boss says: "Hey, girl."
The girl walks up to a man in the tub. He is known as the boss.
Boss says: "Sniffin' around for that chedda?"
Shoko says: "You know it."
Shoko says: "Got any work for me?"
Boss says: "I might could, but it's a top-shelf shakedown."
Boss says: "Know what I'm saying?"
Shoko says: "I can step to that."
Boss says: "There's a rival camp down river."
Boss says: "The leader's got some magic omelette, you know?"
Boss says: "Mmm."
Boss says: "You know?"
Boss says: "The kind you wear around your neck."
Shoko says: "I think it's pronounced "amulet."
Boss says: "Oh, don't get fresh with me, girlie."
Boss says: "I talk good."
Boss says: "Anyway, when I get my hands on that omelet, whoo-hoo!"
Boss says: "Forget about everything, baby."
Boss says: "I'll be the biggest cheese in creation."
Shoko says: "Sounds cool."
Boss says: "Shake on it."
The boss extends his hand. Shoko shakes it.
Boss says: "You pull this off, and I'll let you join my gang."
Shoko says: "Uh..."
Shoko says: "that's okay."
Shoko says: "I'll just work for coin."
Boss says: "And, on the other hand, so to speak, if you screw up or chicken out, you're out of the game."
Boss says: "Permanently."
Boss says: "Pretend my finger's a knife."
Shoko forcefully lets go of his hand and gives a disgusted look. She rides her tiger to the Candy Kingdom, which is currently under construction.
Shoko says: "Play dead."
Her tiger lays his head on the grass, playfully.
Shoko says: "Deader."
Her tiger falls on its back, with its paws up in the air, and its eyes closed. Shoko screams and hits herself on the head with a rock, knocking herself out.
Banana Guard says: "Ah!"
Banana Guard says: "Another attack!"
The Banana Guard takes out a horn and blows it. A mysterious figure with a purple cloak jumps down from a crane to the Banana Guard.
Banana Guard says: "My leader!"
Banana Guard says: "Another attack!"
The figure removes the cloak, revealing it is Princess Bubblegum. She takes out her telescope.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Bring them inside."
Shoko is seen lying in a bed, with her tiger sleeping next to her on the floor. She wakes up and rubs her head.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hey, you're up!"
Princess Bubblegum carries bread, soup, and olives on a tray for Shoko.
Princess Bubblegum says: "I thought you might be hungry."
She sets the tray on the table and takes a seat in a chair.
Princess Bubblegum says: "So, who knocked you out?"
Shoko starts eating her bread.
Shoko says: "Bath Boy Gang."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Ugh!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I hate those boys!"
Shoko says: "Yeah, they stole everything I had, but that's okay."
Shoko says: "My parents always told me that simple possessions aren't the most important things in life."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Word 'em up."
Shoko says: "They told me "all you really need is a good computer."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Amen."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Wait, what?!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "!"
Shoko says: "They traded my arm to some tranch for a computer."
Princess Bubblegum says: "They what?!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "!"
Shoko looks left and right, confused.
Shoko says: "What?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Parents should protect their children!"
Shoko says: "What?"
Shoko says: "Really?"
Shoko looks at her missing arm and touches it.
Shoko says: "Do you have any kids?"
The scene changes to the Candy Kingdom being built.
Princess Bubblegum says: "All the Candy People are like my children, except young Mr."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Cream Puff..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "he's like my boyfriend."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Anyway, protecting my people is the most important thing to me."
Princess Bubblegum says: "That's why I've got to take down the Bath Boy Gang."
Shoko says: "You think you can do that?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I got a plan—"
Princess Bubblegum says: "a secret, awesome plan."
Princess Bubblegum says: "In the meantime, I've gotta cover this radioactive river with candy."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Wanna help?"
Shoko nods, eagerly. Afterwards, Shoko and Princess Bubblegum are seen carrying two buckets on their shoulders.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Thanks for pitching in, Shoko!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "You can stay here as long as you want."
Shoko smiles. Suddenly, a Bath Boy gang member appears from the bushes.
Bath Boy says: "Psst!"
Bath Boy says: "Psst!"
Bath Boy says: "Shoko!"
Shoko says: "What are you doing here?!"
Shoko says: "!"
Bath Boy says: "I'm spyin' on you."
Bath Boy says: "Wait 'til I tell boss that you quit the life for a cruddy day job!"
Shoko says: "I'm gaining her trust, you momo."
Shoko says: "Say..."
Shoko says: "you can help me."
Bath Boy says: "Huh?"
Shoko starts screaming.
Shoko says: "Stay away from me you gang boy!"
Shoko says: "Ahhhhh!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "A Bath Boy!"
Bath Boy says: "What're you doing?!"
Bath Boy says: "!"
Shoko says: "Be cool!"
Shoko kicks both of her buckets into the Bath Boy's face, hits him in the stomach with the stick, and lets her tiger push him off the cliff.
Princess Bubblegum says: "That was bananamas!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Where'd you learn to fight like that?"
Shoko says: "My parents took me to a dojo when I was little..."
Shoko says: "they never came back."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Wow."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Your parents are the worst..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "hey, come with me."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I wanna show you something."
Shoko, her tiger, and Princess Bubblegum walk into a tent.
Princess Bubblegum says: "My secret project is in here."
Shoko gazes on two Gumball Guardians.
Shoko says: "Whoa..."
Shoko says: "what are they?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "The Gumball Guardians."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Wanna help me finish them?"
Shoko says: "Yeah!"
Princess Bubblegum starts working on the Gumball Guardians, with Shoko giving her various tools, including a duck.
Princess Bubblegum says: "That's it!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "There's just one last step."
Princess Bubblegum takes off her amulet, and inserts it into a gumball machine's coin slot. The machine glows and then explodes, and the Gumball Guardians wake up.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hello."
Gumball Guardians says: "Hello, mother!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Y'all go guard now, and don't let nobody mess with my stuff!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hey, guess what, thanks for helping me make those guys."
Shoko says: "I like feeling handy."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I want to repay you for your help."
Shoko says: "Oh, yeah?"
Shoko says: "You gonna give me that amulet, maybe?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "No."
Princess Bubblegum says: "No, dude, I made you a thing."
Princess Bubblegum claps, to which a young Peppermint Butler responds by clumsily bringing a gold-colored box.
Princess Bubblegun says: "That's it."
Princess Bubblegun says: "You can do it."
Shoko says: "You made me a man servant?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "No!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "In the box."
Shoko opens the box, and gasps with a look of surprise on her face. There is a mechanical arm inside.
Shoko says: "Oh, no..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "What do you mean "Oh, no"?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I made you an arm!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "It's a dang plug 'n' play, girl."
Shoko says: "No, it's awesome..."
Shoko says: "I can't believe it."
Princess Bubblegum says: "That's right, I'm a technical wonder-child."
Shoko says: "Yeah, I know."
Shoko says: "I'm sorry, I gotta go to my room for no reason."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Okay!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I thought we could do some two-arm stuff, but..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "uh, it's cool!"
Shoko returns to her room, with her tiger lying on the floor. She opens the box, and plugs in her new mechanical arm. She then remembers the Bath Boy leader's threat.
Bath Boy Gang Leader says: "Pretend my finger's a knife."
Shoko says: "I'm sorry, Princess Bubblegum..."
The scene changes to Princess Bubblegum sleeping on her bed.
Gumball Guardian says: "Are you okay, princess?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Ah, jeez, you're so loud!"
Gumball Guardian says: "Are you in danger?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "No!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Don't just guard me!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "You need to protect everyone!"
Gumball Guardian says: "Okay."
The Gumball Guardian walks away, while Princess Bubblegum goes back to sleep. Shoko then sneaks up to her, about to nervously take her amulet. However, she shortly gets interrupted by a Gumball Guardian.
Gumball Guardian says: "I knew it."
Gumball Guardian says: "Princess, you are getting jacked."
Shoko quickly grabs the amulet and starts running away.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Wha-hut?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Whoa, hey!"
Gumball Guardian says: "Halt!"
The Gumball Guardian fires lasers from his eyes, hitting the area where Shoko was about to drop down from.
Shoko says: "Ahhhhhhhh!"
Shoko falls into the radioactive river.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Get her out of there, quick!"
Gumball Guardians says: "Yes, mom."
One of the Gumball Guardians places his hand into the river, which appears to have melted when he pulls it out.
Gumball Guardian says: "Uhhh..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Alright."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Take a break for the night."
Princess Bubblegum frowns and runs away. Shoko's tiger lies down beside the river.
BMO displays an "END OF SESSION" message. Finn gasps and wakes up.
Jake says: "How you doin', buddy?"
Finn says: "The past was to be reckoned with."
Jake says: "That's cool."
Jake says: "Whachu' gonna do about it?"
Finn goes to the telephone, and starts dialing.
Princess Bubblegum says: "atonement?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Alright, Finn, I'm on my way."
Finn puts the telephone down, and remembers one last scene from The Vault.
A horribly mutated version of Shoko pops out of the river, scaring her tiger away. She leaves her mechanical arm behind, while crawling towards a hill. She rests on a tree sapling, with the amulet in hand.
Shoko says: "Ahhh..."
Shoko says: "look at that."
Shoko says: "I got a new arm."
Shoko says: "That would be cool if I weren't about hit my reset button..."
Shoko lays her head on the ground, and the scene pans out to show the sunrise. It then switches to Finn's Tree Fort. Princess Bubblegum is shown entering Finn's house.
Finn says: "Hey, hey."
Finn says: "This way."
Finn and Princess Bubblegum walk towards the end of the kitchen. Finn flips over the oven.
Jake says: "What was th—"
Jake says: "aww, no."
Jake says: "Dog-drangit, Finn..."
Finn breaks open the wooden planks on the floor, revealing the same ghostly Shoko from before, who gives Finn the amulet.
Finn says: "Okay, here you go."
Finn gives Princess Bubblegum the amulet.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Whoa, what?!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "My amulet?!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Wait a second..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Is that..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "?"
Finn says: "It's me, Shoko!"
Finn says: "And PB, you're like a bazillion years old."
Finn says: "You're not freaking nineteen!"
Finn says: "What the heck?!"
Finn says: "!"
Princess Bubblegum gives a small, half-hearted laugh.
Finn says: "Weirdo."
Shoko gives Finn a thumbs up, no longer in her ghostly, mutated form.
Finn says: "Heh."
Finn says: "My vault feels lighter."
The episode ends.