In the Tree Fort, Finn is trying to open the freezer with his new candy arm.
Finn says: "Okay, now easy does it."
He picks up a box of spaghetti with his left hand, peels back the box with his right hand, and grasps the spaghetti too tightly, breaking the strands. He drops the spaghetti into a pot of boiling water, picks up a wooden spoon, and starts stirring aggressively. The pot falls off the stove.
Finn says: "Ohh!"
He knocks a jar of tomato sauce off the table and turns around, breaking the wooden spoon. He tries to pick up the jar off the floor, but he pushes his arm through the floorboards, and the jar explodes its contents all over him.
Finn says: "Thanks a lot, Dad!"
His arm suddenly explodes, and the screen goes white.
Jake says: "Finn?"
Jake says: "Finn, what happened?"
Finn says: "I..."
Finn says: "messed up the spaghetti,  and then I got mad, and PB's candy arm exploded."
Jake says: "Man, I knew that arm was bogus."
Finn says: "Yeah, it wasn't the greatest."
Finn says: "Sorry about the spaghetti, though."
Jake says: "Man, don't worry about that."
Jake says: "You just went through some outrageous beeswax from losing your favorite arm and et cetera."
Jake says: "You can't just expect to bounce right back to normal."
Finn says: "I can't?"
Jake says: "Nah, man."
Jake says: "Listen."
Jake says: "that's where the real instructions are."
Finn says: "My melon wants to punch my dad in the face and steal his arm."
Screen goes to outside where Finn is lying on his back looking up at the sky.
Finn says: "She's powerful."
Finn says: "You must've exploded the candy arm before and made the rock pile just know."
Finn says: "It's almost like I'm trying to tell myself something, like a message from my melon heart."
Screen cuts to Jake humming and walking by a tower with Princess Bubblegum and a Banana Guard.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Jake, Jake!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, I'm so glad you're here."
Jake says: "Afternoon Princess."
Jake says: "What's that you're building?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Wait, you don't know?"
Jake says: "I might."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Here, look."
Princess Bubblegum says: "It was taped to the tower."
Jake says: "Wow, what the he?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "My biggest powerometer back at the castle was flipping all the way out."
Princess Bubblegum says: "It looks like Finn somehow manifested a telekinetic electro-emotional prosthesis."
Jake says: "Word."
Jake says: "Word."
Princess Bubblegum says: "With this much raw power he could be a danger to himself or others."
Princess Bubblegum says: "So I've quarantined the area till I can coax him down."
Jake says: "Pfft."
Jake says: "TMLO Princess."
Princess Bubblegum says: "What does that mean?"
Jake says: "That means lay off."
Jake says: "Finn's feeling this one out solo style."
Jake says: "Give the kid a chance."
Screen cuts to an apple which is cut in half as a cube of dirt rises up from the ground and floats away. Other cube-like objects like begin to float with it as well like tree bark, chest etc. One log lifts up and leaves the deer that was in it behind. The deer is picked up by the dirt cube with half an apple on it. The cube objects all float in a line past Finn and Jake's Tree Fort to the tower. The screen pans up the tower following the cube-like objects as they rise to the top. The tower is composed of stone, wood, candy, fire etc. All the while Finn sings.
Finn says: "Baby's building a tower into space."
Finn says: "Space is where he's gonna find his dad."
Finn says: "Daddy's got an arm, and baby's gonna harm his arm by tearing it off his dad."
Finn sticks his head into a cloud room.
Carroll says: "Ahh!"
Finn says: "Oh, hi."
Carroll says: "Get out of my house or I'm going to face blaaaast you."
Finn says: "Hi."
Carroll shoots Finn with electricity causing her house to float away.
Finn says: "Waah."
Carroll says: "Yep, yeah."
Carroll says: "I know you."
Carroll says: "You're one of those swimmers right?"
Carroll says: "A reeeal swim nut."
Finn says: "What?"
Finn says: "No, I'm Finn."
Carroll says: "Well you can't swim in me."
Carroll says: "Not anymore, I'm not water."
Carroll says: "You can't get me up your nooooose."
Finn says: "Okay, I'm going to keep going."
Carroll says: "I'm going to keep going, into here."
Finn says: "Oh, baby's a tower into space."
Finn says: "Space where he's gonna find his dad."
Screen cuts to Jake in a robe walking to the tower.
Jake says: "Goodnight buddy, I'm proud of you."
Whimpering deer finally gets down from tower. A few cuts denote time passing. The tower now includes pieces of the ice kingdom including penguins.
Finn says: "From like where that round of the arm bone meets that weird flat bone on the top of the back."
Finn says: "Gonna pull that until it comes off."
Finn says: "Baby's building a tower of revenge..."
Carroll says: "Hey kid."
Carroll says: "It's me again."
Carroll says: "Carroll, my name's Carroll."
Finn says: "Finn."
Carroll says: "Finn, look I'm sorry about blasting you yesterday."
Carroll says: "Hey man, are you really gonna do those things?"
Finn says: "Uh, yeah, for revenge."
Finn says: "I think it'll feel good."
Carroll says: "I get it, I get it."
Carroll says: "But let me tell you something."
Carroll says: "I used to be water."
Carroll says: "Like a pond or something real wet."
Carroll says: "I used to hate people swimming in me,  kicking and stuff."
Carroll says: "So what did I do?"
Carroll says: "I evaporated, I got myself out of there."
Finn says: "You should have pulled off their legs."
Carroll says: "No, no, no, no, no, no, no."
Carroll says: "Listen, you have to stop obsessing about revenge."
Carroll says: "You gotta really dwell on it."
Carroll says: "Ah!"
Finn says: "What was that?"
Carroll says: "I just thought about my anxieties and it's like my mind hand touched a hot memory stove."
Finn says: "Hmm."
Carroll says: "Ah!"
Finn says: "Interesting."
Finn says: "Oh hey, what are your thoughts on melon hearts?"
Carroll says: "I don't know what you're talking about."
Carroll says: "Alright then, I guess I'll see you later."
The wind shifts Finn's tower and knocks an ice block off. Screen cuts to Jake reading a book next to the tower and BMO whistling.
BMO says: "Hey Jake, where's..."
BMO says: "Where's Finn?"
Jake says: "Finn's just working some stuff out,  AND IT'S HEALTHY!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "It's not healthy, it's bizarre and he could get hurt!"
Jake says: "Feelings hurt!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Eeeeah."
Jake says: "Eeeeeeeeeah."
BMO says: "Eeah."
Finn is at the top of the tower which is now only blocks stacked on each other. He is at the edge of space and is gasping for breath being at such a high elevation - he should've packed a spacesuit.
Carroll says: "I figured I could turn into spaces, or something."
Finn looks at his hands and begins to hallucinate that they are stretching and shrinking. He sees that he is a dozen feet away from a portal. He gets excited and starts flailing, which causes some of the blocks beneath him to fall away and burn up.
Finn says: "Hey, hey dad?"
Martin says: "Huh?"
Martin says: "Oh good, you're awake."
Finn says: "Give, give it."
Finn says: "Give me the..."
Finn says: "give me give it."
Finn says: "Give me the..."
Martin says: "Oh, my favorite arm."
Finn says: "Butts."
Finn says: "Butts."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Didn't help much did it."
Finn says: "No."
Finn says: "Wait, what?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Bong Bong."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Sorry buddy."
Finn says: "PB?"
Finn says: "Wait, where am I?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "We're in the Candy Kingdom fallout shelter."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I brought you here after you passed out on the tower."
Princess Bubblegum says: "You were hallucinating like crazy so it was really easy to trick you."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I figured you'd thank me later after learning your lesson."
Finn says: "Right, right."
Princess Bubblegum says: "And look, the arm is gone too."
Princess Bubblegum says: "See?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "So what do you think?"
Finn says: "Hmm."
Finn says: "Yeah, okay."
Finn says: "Thanks Princess."
Back at the tower Jake and the deer are sleeping. Jake has sauce over his mouth from eating some nearby spaghetti. Finn's shadow looms over them and the deer wakes up and runs away.
Jake says: "Oh, hey buddy you're back."
Jake says: "How are you feeling?"
Finn says: "Um, neutral I guess."
Finn says: "I don't want to punch my dad anymore."
Jake says: "Ha, Ha!"
Jake says: "That's great!"
Jake says: "So I guess we won't be needing this thing anymore."
Jake says: "You wanna do the honors?"
Finn says: "Yes I do."
Finn simply removes a plank of wood from the bottom, causing the tower to collapses side ways destroying a large chuck of PB's castle and continuing onward, to the shock of Finn and Jake. Oops.
Princess Bubblegum says: "MY ARM!!!"
Episode ends.