It's nighttime in the Candy Kingdom. Tree Trunks, accompanied by Mr. Pig, is carrying a basket of hot buns toward the Candy Kingdom foyer. Finn awaits them near the entrance at the top of some steps.
Finn says: "Tree Trunks!"
Finn says: "The slumber party is about to start."
Finn says: "Get those hot buns in here, girl!"
Mr. Pig takes this the wrong way, and, enraged, runs up the steps toward Finn.
Finn says: "Did you hear me?"
Finn says: "I said, "Get those hot—"
Finn says: ""!"
Mr. Pig slaps Finn.
Finn says: "Hi, Mr."
Finn says: "Pig."
Mr. Pig slaps him again.
Finn says: "Why are you hitting me?"
Mr. Pig slaps him once more.
Finn says: "I was just talking about Tree Trunks's hot—"
Finn says: "."
Mr. Pig slaps him one last time. He takes Tree Trunks's basket and sets it down, then takes his wife by the trunk and leads her back down the steps. Princess Bubblegum runs up to Finn.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Come on, Finn!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "We're doing music chairs."
The two run over to a group of Candy People who are about to start a round of musical chairs.
Chet says: "Everyone ready?"
Everyone says: "Ready!"
Chet cranks a phonograph, which plays some lively music. Then he suddenly stops.
Chet says: "Take a seat!"
Everyone sits down except Finn and Princess Bubblegum, who run around the circle of chairs searching for a spot.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Uh, uh..."
Finn says: "Uh-oh, uh-oh!"
Mr. Cupcake says: "There's a seat by me."
Finn and Princess Bubblegum lunge at the empty chair at the same time, bumping each other.
Finn says: "Oh!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh!"
Finn says: "Heh."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Heh."
Finn says: "You take it, Princess."
Finn says: "This is your party."
Princess Bubblegum says: "You take it, Finn."
Princess Bubblegum says: "You're my guest."
Finn says: "No, no, I insist!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "No, no, I insist!"
Chet says: "Time is up."
Chet says: "You two must now be sent to the closest closet to have heavenly thoughts."
Everyone walks over to a door. Chet pushes Finn and Princess Bubblegum inside.
Chet says: "Heavenly thoughts."
Finn and Princess Bubblegum sit down.
Finn says: "Hey, PB."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hey, Finn."
Finn says: "Mm?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Bup, bup, bup."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hey, you wanna ditch the party and go for a walk?"
Finn says: "Wha—"
Finn says: "?"
Finn says: "Really?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "It's been a while since we just hung out, you know?"
Finn says: "What about the Candy People?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Ah, they should be fine, right?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "For once?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Maybe they'll surprise me by being fine."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Come on."
Finn says: "Whoa!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Secret passage."
Finn says: "Noice."
Manfried says: "Boy, it's sure quiet in there."
Manfried says: "What's going on in there, you think?"
Crunchy says: "Someone should listen at the door."
The Candy People whisper among themselves, some pointing to Crunchy.
Mr. Cupcake says: "We nominate you, Crunchy, to go listen at the door."
Dr. Donut says: "And tell everybody what's going on."
Crunchy says: "Eh, what?"
Crunchy says: "Why me?"
Starchie says: "Come on, Crunchy."
Starchie says: "You're the go-to guy."
Starchie says: "You're the new Cinnamon Bun."
Crunchy says: "No, I'm not."
Gumdrop Lass 1 says: "What do you hear?"
Dr. Donut says: "Yeah, paint us a picture, Crunchy."
Crunchy says: "I hear, like, uh, like, a lush, green field..."
Crunchy says: "next to a white picket fence."
Crunchy says: "Finn and the princess both brought picnic baskets."
Crunchy says: "Oh, but they brought the same stuff, and they're laughing about it."
Crunchy says: "And now they're kissing."
Chocoberry says: "There's no lush, green field in that closet!"
Crunchy says: "Well, you guys asked me to paint a picture."
Chocoberry says: "Just tell us what you hear!"
Crunchy says: "I can't hear anything."
Crunchy says: "They must be just lightly brushing their lips together."
Starchie says: "Or..."
Starchie says: "maybe they kissed so much they passed out!"
Starchie says: "Crunchy, open that door!"
Crunchy tries to open the door but is too short to reach the knob.
Mr. Cupcake says: "Step aside, Crunchy."
Mr. Cupcake says: "I'll make short work of this door opening."
Gumdrop Lass 1 says: "Then they're trapped!"
Gumdrop Lass 1 says: "What if they ran out of air?"
Mr. Cupcake says: "No air?"
Mr. Cupcake says: "I'll smash down the door!"
Chet says: "Stop!"
Mr. Cupcake says: "Huh?"
Chet says: "Mr."
Chet says: "Cupcake, your mighty strength might kill them!"
Chet says: "There's a drill and saw in the supply room, though."
Mr. Cupcake says: "In here, you say?"
Candy People says: "No, don't!"
Mr. Cupcake crushes the knob on the door to the supply closet.
Candy People says: "Aw..."
Mr. Cupcake flexes and winks again.
Jake says: "Yo, guys!"
Jake says: "You gotta do something!"
Jake says: "That's my best friend in there!"
Jake says: ""You okay in there?"
Finn and Princess Bubblegum are walking outside.
Finn says: "Yeah, we went out the secret coat passage."
Princess Bubblegum says: "It's so nice to get away sometimes."
Some horses wave to them.
Finn says: "Hmm."
Finn says: "Candy peeps can be a handful, huh?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yeah."
Princess Bubblegum says: "They mean well, though."
Princess Bubblegum says: "You wanna meet Timmy?"
Princess Bubblegum stops the treadmill, and they both take off their virtual reality headsets.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Timmy!"
Timmy walks up to them. Princess Bubblegum hugs it.
Finn says: "Aw!"
Finn says: "So squish!"
Princess Bubblegum climbs on to the oversize cat.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hop on!"
Finn says: "Okay."
Timmy jumps up some ledges and takes them into a passage. The scene cuts back to the candy foyer, where Mr. Cupcake is forcing air through a tube leading under the door to the closet.
Candy People says: "Breathe!"
Mr. Cupcake breathes into the tube.
Candy People says: "Breathe!"
Mr. Cupcake breathes.
Candy People says: "Breathe!"
Chet says: "Wait."
Chet says: "Wait!"
Chet says: "Don't Candy People breathe out, like, poisonous gas or something?"
Chet says: "Something like..."
Chet says: "carbo..."
Chet says: "carrin dio—"
Jake says: "I know!"
Jake says: "It's called..."
Jake says: "And it is deadly."
Chocoberry says: "Suck it back out!"
Chocoberry says: "Suck it back out!"
Mr. Cupcake tries sucking the tube but faints.
Chet says: "Cupcake's dead!"
Chet says: "What do we do?!"
Chet says: "!"
Jake says: "Ha-a."
Princess Bubblegum says: "So got any other weekend plans?"
Finn says: "Mmm..."
Finn says: "probably gonna hit up the arts and crafts kingdom with BMO."
Finn says: "You?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, I'm gonna garden some, plan next week's pizza lunch, answer 800 e-mails, and..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "you know, whatever."
They reach a tree with glowing fruit.
Finn says: "Wows."
Finn says: "Do you ever get tired from doing princess work all the time?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Sure."
Finn says: "Cool, like taking ice cream breaks?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yeah, and, like, being more..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "sorta okay with everyone making mistakes around me."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Like "mind my own stuff" more."
Princess Bubblegum says: "You know what I mean?"
Several candy birds land on Finn and peck at the seeds.
Finn says: "Yeah."
Finn says: "Kind of like how I've been thinking about my dad and how I want him to act more like daddy."
Finn says: "But, but maybe acting like daddy just isn't what he does."
Finn says: "Maybe my dad's not a dad but a kid stuck in a dad's body."
Timmy suddenly pounces on Finn.
Timmy licks Finn's face.
Finn says: "Timmy knows what's up!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Timmy!"
Finn says: "Timmy!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Timmy!"
Finn takes a selfie of the three of them together. The scene then cuts back to the Candy Kingdom.
Manfried says: "Okey-dokey, everybody!"
Manfried says: "Check it out!"
The Gumdrop Lasses are knitting a giant sweater.
Manfried says: "Once in place, this sweater will muffle the cannonball explosion perfectly, allowing the frame around the door to gently fall apart, freeing Finn and PB."
The Candy People applaud.
Mr. Cupcake says: "Manfried's a good leader because we can always see him."
Manfried says: "Now the cannon should go right over here."
Chocoberry says: "Aren't you worried about Finn?"
Jake says: "Of course I am!"
Jake says: "See these tears of worry?"
Chocoberry says: "It will be okay, Jake."
Chocoberry runs off. Jake laughs at a video Finn sent him and views a text from Finn.
Finn says: "PB is showing me all this cool stuff."
Finn says: "She has an awesome shirt."
Finn says: "How's the party?"
Jake looks up to see Colonel Candy Corn preparing the cannon. He texts back "Awesome.".
Manfried says: "Okay, everyone, prepare for the boom."
The Candy People cover their ears.
Manfried says: "Three..."
Manfried says: "two..."
Colonel Candy Corn says: "Fire!"
Colonel Candy Corn fires the cannon, which explodes, leaving a crater and exposing broken pipes.
The Candy People gasp.
Colonel Candy Corn says: "Aw, my cannon."
Manfried says: "Uh-oh."
Banana Guard says: "Hey, the closet's open!"
The Candy People scream.
Crunchy says: "So they're dead, right?"
Ice Cream Guy says: "Chocoberry can tell us!"
Ice Cream Guy says: "She saw a ghost at my house once."
Chocoberry says: "Oui, it's true."
Chocoberry says: "I have the gift."
Chocoberry says: "Yes."
Chocoberry says: "I sense their spirits."
The Candy People gasp.
Chocoberry says: "Finn says..."
Chocoberry says: "He says, "Remember to feed BMO."
The Candy People cry.
Colonel Candy Corn says: "That idea stank, Manfried!"
Colonel Candy Corn says: "I'm calling the shots from now on."
Mr. Cupcake says: "No!"
Mr. Cupcake says: "Manfried is still the most clearly visible."
Jake says: "Hey, why don't you guys team up and fight each other to see who gets to wear the crown."
The Candy People split up and form teams. Both sides growl and shake their fists at the other.
Crunchy is seen hiding in the shadows.
The scene cuts back to Finn and Princess Bubblegum. Princess Bubblegum hums while she prepares a concoction made using tiny Candy People. It ignites with a blue, green, and yellow flame. She offers it to Finn.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Here, try this one."
Finn says: "Mmm..."
Finn says: "fire."
Princess Bubblegum says: "You got a little edible fire mustache there."
Finn says: "What?"
Jake sends Finn a video.
Jake says: "Check it out."
Finn plays the video. It shows two Banana Guards hitting Manfried with baseball bats, Mr. Cupcake throwing Chocoberry across the room at Colonel Candy Corn, and Gumdrop Lass 2 chasing Starchie around the pit.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hey, what's that?"
Finn says: "Uh, it's—"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Let me see."
Finn says: "Mm."
Finn says: "You won't like it, but okay."
Princess Bubblegum watches the video. She groans.
Princess Bubblegum says: "I'll worry about it later."
Finn says: "Oh."
Princess Bubblegum says: "You wanna see the burrito room?"
Finn says: "Yuss!"
Back in the Candy Kingdom, Colonel Candy Corn is wearing the crown torn from the picture of Princess Bubblegum.
Colonel Candy Corn says: "This is a brutal new society."
Colonel Candy Corn says: "For a society to function, it needs rules."
Colonel Candy Corn says: "1."
Colonel Candy Corn says: "You must drink tea with your pizza."
Colonel Candy Corn says: "2."
Colonel Candy Corn says: "Pizza can only be eaten alone."
Colonel Candy Corn says: "3."
Colonel Candy Corn says: "If a pizza is found in a field, you must make the next person you see holding a glass of milk eat it."
Crunchy says: "Sire, I must congratulate you on becoming princess."
Colonel Candy Corn says: "Thank you."
Crunchy says: "Is there anything I can do or get for you?"
Colonel Candy Corn says: "Anything?"
Crunchy says: "Anything."
Colonel Candy Corn says: "Could you perhaps procure a pizza?"
Jake says: "Man, this is intense."
Jake says: "I better do something!"
Finn and Princess Bubblegum are sitting on the treadmill and watching the fake sunset.
Finn says: "Thanks for showing me around, PB."
Finn says: "I've enjoyed just, just hanging out."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Me, too!"
Finn gets Jake's pictures.
Princess Bubblegum flips through them and laughs, pausing when she sees Colonel Candy Corn wielding an axe in the background of one.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Whoa."
Princess Bubblegum says: "It looks like the Candy People's makeshift government has been taken over by a ruthless despot."
Finn says: "What?"
Finn says: "Why aren't you freaking out?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Eh, it was worth giving them a shot."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Let's go back to the party, though."
Princess Bubblegum says: "It looks like we have to save it."
In the candy foyer, a giant statue of Crunchy stands over the crater formed from the cannon's explosion. Crunchy, wearing the painted crown, is riding Colonel Candy Corn like a horse.
Colonel Candy Corn says: "Neigh!"
Colonel Candy Corn says: "Whinny!"
Candy People says: "Crunchy!"
Candy People says: "Crunchy!"
Candy People says: "Crunchy!"
Crunchy says: "To the crater!"
The Candy People walk to the crater. Dr. Donut and Ice Cream Guy are holding Starchie on the ledge.
Crunchy says: "Any last words, Starchie?"
Starchie says: "You smell."
Crunchy says: "Throw him in!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "What's going on here?"
Candy People says: "Uh..."
Jake says: "They devolved into beasts."
Jake says: "It has hilarious."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Okay, everybody get into your sleeping bags, and I'll read you a story."
The Candy People, gathered around Princess Bubblegum in their sleeping bags, wait for Princess Bubblegum to start reading.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Modern menswear can be traced back two hundred years."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Furs and textiles became easier to produce..."
Finn flips through the pictures he took earlier on his phone. He lightly laughs at one of him and Princess Bubblegum puffing their cheeks out.
Episode ends.