The episode begins inside the Candy Kingdom, in Princess Bubblegum's bedroom. Coming from under the bed appears the Ice King.
Ice King says: "Oh, boy  Hi, baby..."
Ice King says: "."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Ice King, what are you doing in my bedroom?!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "!"
Ice King says: "Baby, I was trying to surprise you by moving you to my place while you sleep, then have you wake up to breakfast in bed, but now you've ruined the surprise, way to go."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Do you think I like being kidnapped is that what you think I want!"
Ice King says: "Okay, here we go, you're the victim right?"
Ice King says: "You know what, since day one I've been doing everything to make this relationship work and for what?!"
Ice King says: "!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Banana Guards!"
Ice King says: "No, baby!"
Ice King says: "What are you doing?!"
Ice King says: "!"
Ice King says: "This is just so crazy, if you can honestly look into your heart and tell me you want me to leave, I'll go!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Okay, leave."
Ice King says: "Uh-what?"
Ice King says: "D-did you look in your heart, like all around it?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yes."
Ice King says: "I see."
Ice King says: "Then obviously you have got some heavy emotions stirring in you and you have said some very rash things."
Outside the castle they toss the Ice King who lands on his feet, he walks solemnly down the castle's path. At the end of the path is Finn and Jake who stand at the ready.
Ice King says: "I'm leaving!"
The Ice Kingdom, and inside the castle's bathroom is the Ice King standing under the shower.
Ice King says: "Uh, I don't know, did I say the right thing?"
Ice King says: "I can never tell with that girl."
The scene changes to show Ice King in an ice boat, complete with ice oars, and rowing away. The Ice King calls out "Stroke, stroke" with each row. The setting becomes darker and cloudy as a thunder storm approaches. He stares up at the sky.
Ice King says: "Oh, clam balls!"
The next scene is the Ice King awash on a sandy shore and regaining consciousness, he coughs a bit and immediately two orange fish flop from his mouth. Ick, where am I- coughs up a crab. And all three creatures wander back into the waters.
Ice King says: "Where am I?"
Ice King says: "There, now I can look around and- sweet mother of Glob!"
Ice King says: "This island doesn't have a lady - this island is a lady!"
The view shifts to show that the hill he stands on is actually the knee of a island shaped woman.
Isla de Señorita says: "Oh, hello there!"
Ice King says: "Hello."
Isla de Señorita says: "Is my singing bothering you?"
Ice King says: "No."
Isla de Señorita says: "..."
Isla de Señorita says: "What?!"
Isla de Señorita says: "!"
Ice King says: "No!"
Isla de Señorita says: "What?"
Ice King says: "No!!"
Isla de Señorita says: "..."
Isla de Señorita says: "What?"
Ice King says: "Ugh, hold on a sec!"
Ice King says: "Fuu, what was the question?"
Isla de Señorita says: "I asked if my singing was bothering you."
Ice King says: "No, um, not at all, in fact it was quite enchanting."
Isla de Señorita says: "I always sing when by boyfriend is away."
Ice King says: "Boyfriend?"
Isla de Señorita says: "Yeah, Party God, do you know him?"
Ice King says: "Oh eh, sure, I mean, I know of him."
A howl in the distance as the Party God is heard coming.
Isla de Señorita says: "Oh no, that's him, quick hide!"
Isla de Señorita says: "He gets crazy jealous!"
Ice King says: "Crazy jealous?!"
Ice King says: "!"
Isla de Señorita says: "Hi."
Party God says: "Hey, babe, is that a zit on your face?"
Party God says: "Gross."
Party God says: "Hurr hurr, found it."
Party God says: "Okay, I'm bouncing out, babe."
Isla de Señorita says: "Oh, you wanna hang before you go?"
Party God says: "Oh..."
Party God says: "yeah..."
Party God says: "uh well, um, I'm sort of in the middle of party, so..."
Isla de Señorita says: "Oh, well it would just be for a minute."
Party God says: "But, eh, I puked in Jimmy's stereo, I can't party-foul the party."
Party God says: "I'm the Party God."
Party God says: "Don't be mad, babe."
Isla de Señorita says: "I won't- I'm not."
Party God says: "Okay, laters- ouuu!"
Ice King says: "Ugh, what a wad bag."
Isla de Señorita says: "Oh, he's okay..."
Isla de Señorita says: "sometimes."
Ice King says: "Gurl, he's no good for you."
Isla de Señorita says: "I know."
Ice King says: "Ah, who am I kidding."
Ice King says: "My GF, Princess Bubblegum, treats me like poopies too."
Ice King says: "The expression on your face when he bounced out on ya, well, I might as well have been lookin' in mirror."
Isla de Señorita says: "Neglected lovers party of two!"
Ice King says: "Yeah, that's us."
Isla de Señorita says: "Well, I like you."
Isla de Señorita says: "You're welcome to stay here as long as you want."
Ice King says: "Are you sure?"
Isla de Señorita says: "Yes, I appreciate your company."
The scene changes and the song "Ice King and the Island Lady" is heard. The Ice King gathers various objects, he rips up a small tree to add it on his newly built house. He replaces the tree with a sapling. He then builds a grape vine area and is seen stomping on the grapes to create juice.
Ice King says: "Yeah, well, PB is just so closed off to her emotions, she crushes the relationship so she doesn't ever have to develop feelings."
Isla de Señorita says: "I don't even matter to Party God, he just parties all the time."
Isla de Señorita says: "He doesn't even notice if I'm there or not."
Ice King says: "Oh, that's terrible, at least Bubblegum cares if I'm there."
Isla de Señorita says: "Sometimes, I wish he would just go into outer space so I'd never have to see him again."
Ice King says: "Yeah, he's awful, you shouldn't have to put up with that."
Isla de Señorita says: "Yeah, that's true."
Ice King says: "Yeah, girl."
Isla de Señorita says: "..."
Isla de Señorita says: "I'm gonna break up with him!"
Ice King says: "Yeah, girl!"
Ice King says: "Oh, snaps!"
Ice King says: "Good luck!"
Party God says: "Ouuuu..."
Party God says: "I forgot the batteries."
Isla de Señorita says: "Hey, babe, I have to tell you something."
Isla de Señorita says: "Uh, babe?"
Party God says: "Found them."
Party God says: "Huh, hey what's that?"
Isla de Señorita says: "Oh, that just washed up on me after a storm."
Party God says: "Hmmm, oh whatever, what did you want to tell me."
Isla de Señorita says: "Well, I've been doing some thinking."
Isla de Señorita says: "And I- I..."
Party God says: "Aye, yai yai, what?"
Isla de Señorita says: "I I..."
Isla de Señorita says: "hope you have fun at your party..."
Party God says: "Ugh!"
Ice King says: "Uh!"
Ice King says: "What was that?!"
Ice King says: "!"
Isla de Señorita says: "Uh..."
Ice King says: "You should have been like: "I am done with you!"
Ice King says: "Bam!"
Ice King says: "Pack your bags and get out my face!"
Ice King says: "Whatever, I'm gonna break up with him for ya'!"
Ice King says: "Hey, yo!"
Ice King says: "Yo, dog!"
Ice King says: "I need to talk to you."
Party God says: "Who are you?!"
Party God says: "!"
Ice King says: "I'm Ice King, we sort of met that time at Peppermint Butler's."
Ice King says: "Anyway, I've been spending lots of time with your girlfriend, and she re-."
Party God says: "Whaaaat?!!"
Party God says: "!!"
Party God says: "Hey wait, you're the guy who's been living on her stomach."
Ice King says: "Yeah, but no!"
Ice King says: "It was strictly platonic!"
Ice King says: "I wasn't hitting on her or anything."
Party God says: "There's going to be two hits, bro, me hitting you and a second instance of me hitting you."
Ice King says: "Whoa mama!"
Ice King says: "Wowzers!"
Party God says: "Aa yeah, run blue piggy!"
Ice King says: "Take it easy, wolfy, I just stomped grapes on her tummy, alright!"
Ice King says: "Ahh!"
Ice King says: "Bread balls bread balls bread balls!"
Party God says: "Face it bro, my divinity is unassailable."
Party God says: "You should have stayed out of my business."
Ice King says: "Uh oh."
Ice King says: "Hmmm."
Arriving back at the island, a howl is heard, Isla de Señorita turns her eyes in the direction.
Isla de Señorita says: "Party God?"
Isla de Señorita says: "Did Ice King tell you to come talk to me?"
Ice King says: "Um, maybe."
Isla de Señorita says: "Oh..."
Ice King says: "So, is there something you wanted to tell me?"
Isla de Señorita says: "Uh, nope- I'm good!"
Ice King says: "Eh, ah ah, um didn't you get some good advice from a cool bro and you want to tell me something important that would be difficult but good for your future life in the long run?"
Isla de Señorita says: "W-well, y-yes."
Isla de Señorita says: "You're bad and I'm terminating our romance!"
Isla de Señorita says: "Bam, get out of my face!"
Isla de Señorita says: "Wow, I never would have been able to do that without the advice from my emotionally mature friend, Ice King."
Ice King says: "Huh?"
Ice King says: "Um, Ice King wanted me to tell you that he's going to break up with his girlfriend too, and- that- your as much of an inspiration to him as he was to you."
Ice King says: "If not less so."
Isla de Señorita says: "Mmm, that's nice."
Ice King says: "He says he'll be sure to visit."
Ice King says: "Oh, I'm going into outer space now!"
Isla de Señorita says: "Oh, okay."
Isla de Señorita says: "Whew."
Back at the Candy Kingdom, Princess Bubblegum is in her science room. The Ice King burst through the window shattering the glass.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Fun cakes!"
Ice King says: "I've come to a decision, you ready to hear it?"
Ice King says: "I'm breaking up with ya!"
Ice King says: "You party too much, you never want to spend time with me and you only care about having fun and other people's stereos!"
Ice King says: "I'm just a big island you can come and go from as you please!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "BANANA GUARDS!!"
Ice King says: "Banana Guard yourself, Princess!!"
Ice King says: "Ah, we'll work it out."
Episode ends.