Ice King wakes up in a forest.
Ice King says: "Huh?"
Ice King says: "Wha-?"
Ice King says: "Where am I?"
Ice King says: "Gunter?"
He is found tied to a tree.
Ice King says: "Gunter?"
He finds his legs attached to a stick by rope.
Ice King says: "I don't think this is Gunter."
A bonfire has been lit suddenly. Lumpy Space Princess appears.
Lumpy Space Princess says: "It's me, Ice King."
Ice King says: "Lumpy Space Princess?"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Yeah."
Ice King says: "And you're doing this because you like me?"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "No, Ice King, listen."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I'm gonna give you the straight dope."
Ice King says: "Okay."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "You're weird and old and you kidnap princesses."
Ice King says: "I know!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "But I asked you here tonight because I wanna know what you think of this."
Takes out a green book from behind her.
Ice King says: ""The Prince Who Wanted Everything; A Fionna and Cake Adventure"?"
Ice King says: "Hey, why isn't my name on there?"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "I want you to read it because you're their dad."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Please be their dad right now and bring them to life!"
Gives book to the Ice King.
Ice King says: "Okay, might as well..."
Ice King says: "at least until the cops show up."
Ice King says: "Ahem!"
Opens the book to the first page, showing a drawing of Lumpy Space Prince. Ice King begins reading the book.
Ice King says: "Once upon a time, there was a most handsome prince, the future king of Lumpy Space, Lumpy Space Prince."
Lumpy Servants says: "Where do you want these gold-plated sandwiches your highness?"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "By the window!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "No!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "That's not how I sound!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Read it in a better voice!"
Ice King says: "Okay, Okay!"
Ice King says: "Yeesh!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "By the window!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "For from the window shall I shower the poor with presents, as is my altruistic nature."
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Haha!"
Lumpy Space Prince grabs three golden sandwiches.
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Eat!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Eat, my children!"
Lumpy Space Queen says: "Son, come here at once!"
Ice King says: "But, all was not perfect for this philanthropic prince of the people."
Lumpy Space Prince comes up to Lumpy Space Queen and King.
Ice King says: "His parents were slobbering monsters who didn't care that he was a beautiful prince!"
Ice King says: "They wanted him to be a monster too."
Lumpy Space Queen says: "Why aren't you working on your monster exercises?"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "I don't want to be a monster."
Lumpy Space King takes out and holds a bunch of worms.
Lumpy Space King says: "Eat these worms!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "No!"
Lumpy Space Queen says: "You will eat them!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "I won't eat them!"
Lumpy Space Queen takes out a teeth file.
Lumpy Space Queen says: "Sharpen your teeth!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "No!"
Lumpy Space King says: "Eat these worms!"
Lumpy Space Queen says: "Eat those worms and sharpen those teeth!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "No, no, no!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "I told you hundreds of times that I don't want to be a monster, and there's nothing you can do about it!"
The next scene shows Lumpy Space Princess running away from home him and his big royal mouth. Lumpy Space Queen and King chase after him. Lumpy Space Prince falls off the edge of the cloud. Lumpy Space King and Queen halt at the edge. Lumpy Space Prince falls and is transported through a portal in the Forest through the Frog. Lumpy Space Prince encounters a bunch of pesky bees. Soon the bees leave Lumpy Space Prince alone.
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Where am I?"
Lumpy Space Prince sees animals hiding behind trees.
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Who's there?"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Reveal yourself!"
Animals reveal themselves from the trees.
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Hmm..."
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Citizens of this realm, I am the one and only heir to the throne of the Lumpy Space Kingdom- I mean, I used to be."
Lumpy Space Prince says: "I rebelled against my parents, and now i'm a refugee."
Lumpy Space Prince says: "What's that?"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "You wish to help me?"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "I am touched!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Fetch me some clothes and I'll pay you handsomely, by petting you."
Lumpy Space Prince says: "First, I need freaky clothes!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Cool freaky, not monster freaky."
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Oh yes, and something to read as well, something mind-blowing."
Animals begin to walk away.
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Oh wait!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "I also need servants!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Recruit some locals, they work fine."
Animals run off to do their assigned jobs. The next scene shows Flame Prince, Turtle Prince, Marshall Lee, and Prince Gumball in chains in the forest with other animals. Marshall hisses as a squirrel nibbles on his shoe. Lumpy Space Prince sit on wooden throne beside bear body guards, wearing armor. A squirrel hands Lumpy Space Prince a shiny helmet and Lumpy Space princess tries it on.
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Hmm..."
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Not bad!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Well done, my child!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Next!"
A raccoon hands Lumpy Space Prince a red book. Lumpy Space Prince reads the cover out loud.
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Massenpsychologie und Ich-Analyse."
Lumpy Space Prince says: "That does sound mind-blowing!"
Fionna says: "Yah!"
Fionna says: "Aiyah!"
Fionna says: "Aha!"
Fionna and Cake swing in from the trees. Fionna pulls her sword out.
Fionna says: "Cake, I'll save the captives, you take care of those animals!"
Cake says: "Ya!"
Cake stretches her arms and attacks the animals.
Cake says: "Ha!"
Cake says: "Dance you puppets!"
Fionna punches in an incoming squirrel and a bird as she runs. She summons her sword, does a front flip, and strikes the chains linking Turtle Prince and Marshall Lee together.
Fionna says: "You're free to go people!"
The chains are completely broken and fall on the ground. Flame Prince, Turtle Prince, Marshall Lee, and Prince Gumball cheer and run off.
Flame Prince says: "Woohoo!"
Turtle Prince says: "Woohoo!"
Marshal Lee says: "Woohoo!"
Prince Gumball says: "Woohoo!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Hey!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Those were my servants!"
Fionna says: "Hmm?"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "What an innocent face!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "It shines as if you have done no wrong!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Do you like my freaky clothes?"
Fionna says: "I don't care about your clothes!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Hey!"
Lumpy Space Princess says: "You're not supposed to read it like that."
Lumpy Space Princess says: "Say it in a nicer way!"
Ice King says: "I..."
Ice King says: "Uh..."
Fionna says: "-care about you're clothes."
Lumpy Space Prince says: "You don't?"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Finally, someone who's not impressed with my noble looks, but admire's what's inside of me!"
Fionna takes a bite out of an apple.
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Is this really happening?"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "You're clothes are so raggedy and soiled!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "And yet, you use them as a napkin!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "You care not about your personal appearance nor hygiene!"
Lumpy Space Prince takes off his "Handsome Face" and claps to call on his animals.
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Dress me in the fashion of this peasant!"
Animals begin tearing at Lumpy Space Prince's clothes, resulting in Lumpy Space Prince wearing a raggedy blue shirt and blonde bangs. The animals back away.
Lumpy Space Prince says: "I have much to learn from you, Fionna the Human."
Cake says: "How'd he know your name?"
The next scene shows Fionna and Cake practicing their combat skills outside the Tree Fort; Fionna swaying her sword, and Cake punching and kicking in the air. Lumpy Space Prince observes closely.
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Hmm..."
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Your movements are so free!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "My parents only want me to fly like a proper monster: stiff and rigid, with a sharp toothed scowl permanently in place."
Lumpy Space Prince says: "But now, I see a new way to move."
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Dance with me?"
Holds out a hand for Fionna and she accepts. She dances with Lumpy Space Prince. The environment reddens, sparkles, and Fionna and Lumpy Space Prince's faces show in the sky, representing how they feel.
Cake says: "Y'all seeing those big floaty faces?"
Fionna says: "Pretty!"
Lumpy Space Prince notices this and gasps. He becomes tense.
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Uh..."
Lumpy Space Prince says: "No!"
Lumpy Space Prince releases Fionna and the environment is back to it's normal state.
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Release!"
Fionna says: "Uh..."
Fionna says: "What just happened?"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "You were under my handsome spell for a moment."
Lumpy Space Prince says: "We can never marry, you know?"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "I can only be with someone who is my equal in every way , a person so much like me that she doesn't even exist!"
Fionna says: "I don't care, as long as we can hang out!"
Fionna says: "Anyone want a sandwich?"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Ooh!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "I'll have one!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "So rusty..."
Lumpy Space Prince says: "So humble..."
Fionna hands Lumpy Space Prince a sandwich on a plate.
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Delightful!"
Lumpy Space Prince claps to call a baby which enters through the trapdoor. he puts the sandwich on the baby.
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Wait, where're your baby tables?"
Cake munches on her sandwich.
Lumpy Space Prince says: "What!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "?"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "You don't dip your foods in gold before eating?"
Fionna says: "Who eats gold?"
Fionna takes a bite out of her sandwich. Lumpy Space Prince takes the sandwich from the baby table and nibbles on it.
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Great Glob!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "What is this?"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "So charming!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "So quaint!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "So self-reliant!"
Lumpy Space Prince devours his whole sandwich and puts on his "Handsome Face" while shedding a tear.
Lumpy Space Prince says: "For years, I thought only of the needs of my people, but what about me?"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "What do I need?"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "This poorly made sandwich has enlightened me!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "What I want is to be like you, Fionna the peasant!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "And I'll need you as my pet, Cake the cat."
Cake says: "Yeah, whatever."
The sky starts to darken and the clouds grow larger. The Frog puffs out a giant purple cloud of smoke. Fionna, Cake, and Lumpy Space Prince notice the purple cloud which proceeds to grow larger.
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Huh?"
The purple cloud forms into a bigger and more hideous Lumpy Space Queen and King.
Lumpy Space Queen says: "Son!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Flee, noble Fionna, for it is my stupid parents!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "And they're fatter than ever!"
Lumpy Space Queen says: "Silence!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Ahh!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "I'm just being honest!"
Fionna helps Lumpy Space Prince to stand up.
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Huh?"
Fionna says: "Come on, you beautiful dandy!"
Fionna says: "Only your pure spirit can defeat your evil family!"
Summons sword. Fionna and Cake climb on top of Lumpy Space Prince's back.
Fionna says: "And this sword!"
Lumpy Space Prince floats up to his parents. Lumpy Space Queen and Lumpy Space King start spitting out black blobs at Lumpy Space Prince, Fionna, and Cake. They successfully dodge the black blobs.
Lumpy Space Prince says: "You're right, Fionna!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "This is my destiny!"
Black lightning strikes from Lumpy Space Queen and King.
Lumpy Space Prince says: "I do have the power!"
Lumpy Space Queen vomits a black substance at Fionna and Cake, who are knocked off of Lumpy Space Prince's back.
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Huh?"
Fionna and Cake can be seen slowly falling from the sky.
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Fionna!"
Lumpy Space Queen says: "You must obey!"
Lumpy Space Queen strikes a black solid lightning bolt at Lumpy Space Prince, which pierces him. Lumpy Space Prince sheds tears from the pain.
Lumpy Space Prince says: "My heart!"
He is brought closer to Lumpy Space Queen, still pierced on the lightning bolt.
Lumpy Space Queen says: "Submit young one, become a true monster."
Lumpy Space Prince says: "No!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "It isn't right!"
Lumpy Space Queen says: "Silence!"
Lumpy Space Queen yells so loud that Lumpy Space Prince is freed from the lightning bolt he was recently pierced by, but falls to the ground.
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Urh, Fionna, This is the end for me."
Lumpy Space Prince says: "But at least I made you proud, didn't I?"
Fionna says: "I don't care."
Lumpy Space Prince says: "My glob, Fionna!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "You've been telling be the answer all along!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "The only way to defeat parental disapproval is not caring about anything!"
Lumpy Space Prince says: "I don't care!"
Lumpy Space Prince sends strong sound waves at his parents. The angry parents try to exhale black smog at Lumpy Space Prince.
Lumpy Space Prince says: "I don't care!"
Lumpy Space Prince is freed from the smog with ease and shouts at his parents.
Fionna says: "LSP!"
Fionna's sword magically transforms into a microphone. Fionna takes Cake, whom is shape-shifted into a crossbow.
Cake says: "Haha!"
Cake says: "Cake's helping!"
Fionna shoots the microphone to Lumpy Space Prince. Lumpy Space Prince catches it with ease. He whispers on the microphone.
Lumpy Space Prince says: "I don't care..."
The sound waves dissolve Lumpy Space Queen and king to be left a smaller and nicer form of Lumpy Space Queen and King. The sky becomes reddish orange.
Lumpy Space Queen says: "Thank you son!"
Lumpy Space Queen says: "You freed us from adult mediocrity and fatuousness."
Lumpy Space Prince says: "I don't care!"
Lumpy Space Queen and King explode into nothing. Lumpy Space Prince pouts his lips and drops the microphone.
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Fionna, Cake."
Lumpy Space Prince says: "Both of you buy me dinner."
Lumpy Space Prince, Fionna, and Cake link arms.
Fionna says: "Yes, your hotness!"
Cake says: "Yes, your hotness!"
Lumpy Space Prince, Fionna, and Cake fly to the horizon. The next scene come back to Ice King and Lumpy Space Princess.
Ice King says: "And then, Lumpy Space Prince became so real that he can actually break through into this plane of existence."
Ice King says: "Woah!"
Ice King says: "And meet his one true love, Lumpy Space Princess."
Ice King says: "It was really happening."
Ice King says: "The secret portal began to shake and tremble."
Lumpy Space Princess and Ice King gasp at the sound of a bush rustling.
Ice King says: "The countdown began."
Ice King says: "10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5..."
The bushes rustles even more.
Ice King says: "4, 3, 2, 1!"
Lumpy Space Princess comes closer to the bush, ready for a kiss, when a giant rat with rabies jumps out of the bushes. Lumpy Space Princess screams loudly as she floats away. The giant rat enters in through the ice king's cloak. Episode ends.