The episode starts at a beach. At the beach, a candy child is playing with a doll and making it talk to her hand.
Candy Child says: "“Mom, I wanna play outside with consuelo!"
Candy Child says: "” “Cool your jets!"
Candy Child says: "It’s super dangerous outside."
Candy Child says: "Little kids have to stay in the castle."
Candy Child says: "” “But I’m rowdy."
The camera cuts back to show the child is in a large sandcastle on a beach.
Candy Child says: "“Yeah, well, but look."
A wave comes onto the beach. The sandcastle is protected by a moat.
Candy Child says: "“See what happens?"
Candy Child says: "You want a playdate with death?"
Candy Child says: "That’s why you have to stay inside."
Candy Child says: "And, cause consuelo’s mom is a pain in the neck."
The candy child gasps. Cut to some of the other candy people on the beach. Chocoberry is spreading butter on Mr. Cupcake’s back.
Chocoberry says: "In the heat of the sun you burn like a pink little baby!"
Candy Child says: "Help!"
Chocoberry and Mr. Cupcake turn to look.
Mr. Cupcake says: "What?"
Chocoberry says: "Oh, a scream!"
The candy child runs to Mr. Cupcake.
Candy Child says: "Help!"
Mr. Cupcake says: "Well, now, what seems to be the trouble?"
Candy Child says: "I saw something in the water, and I was like, “No thanks!"
She runs past him.
Candy Child says: "Out of my way, muffin man!"
Mr. Cupcake says: "How rude!"
Mr. Cupcake says: "Well, whatever that little girl saw will be a mystery forever."
He looks out at the still ocean. A large ship immediately pops out of the water. Mr. Cupcake looks aghast.
Human Transport Ship says: "Transport for seeker X-J-77 Strong has arrived."
Two large tentacle-like appendages extend from the ship.
Mr. Cupcake says: "Oh, trust me, I’m strong indeed."
Mr. Cupcake says: "Pow, pow!"
He flexes his muscles. The tentacles lift him up.
Mr. Cupcake says: "Eh?"
Mr. Cupcake says: "Not enough?"
Mr. Cupcake says: "You need to feel them guns?"
Human Transport Ship says: "Verifying."
The ship begins shaking Mr. Cupcake.
Mr. Cupcake says: "Woah!"
Mr. Cupcake says: "Well, hello frisky!"
He giggles. Chocoberry watches from a distance.
Chocoberry says: "Todd!"
Chocoberry says: "I’m right here!"
Human Transport Ship says: "Identifying."
Human Transport Ship says: "Dangerous mutant."
Human Transport Ship says: "Initiating defensive mode."
The ship fully emerges from the water, revealing two large wings. It puts Mr. Cupcake face down in the sand and pushes him deep into the ground.
Human Transport Ship says: "Seeking human."
The ship begins slowly flying over the beach, sending candy citizens running in fear.
Human Transport Ship says: "Human."
Human Transport Ship says: "Come home to safety."
Human Transport Ship says: "Seeking human."
Cut to a close-up of the candy child’s doll.
Human Transport Ship says: "Human."
Human Transport Ship says: "Come home to safety."
Cut to the Candy Kingdom. Finn and Jake are at an outdoor market, trying on clothes. Jake has a baseball cap on. Finn is in a comically oversized sweater.
Finn says: "Hey, Jake, what about this one?"
They turn and look at each other. Jake laughs.
Jake says: "Great."
Jake says: "We’re gonna look so great for this funeral."
BMO runs into frame wearing a bandeau.
BMO says: "How do you like my bandeau?"
BMO says: "I was too embarrassed to get a bra fitting."
BMO says: "I know they are professionals, but it’s just too intimate."
Jake says: "You look great!"
Suddenly, the ship is heard from a distance.
Human Transport Ship says: "Settlement detected."
Human Transport Ship says: "Continuing search for X-J-77."
The ship flies over the walls of the Candy Kingdom. Banana guards run towards it.
Banana Guard says: "Get him!"
Banana Guard says: "Attack!"
Banana Guard says: "Attack!"
The banana guards yell.
Human Transport Ship says: "Hostile cylinders detected."
Human Transport Ship says: "Release countermeasures."
The ship opens two flaps. Some miniature versions of itself pour out and attack the banana guards, covering their faces. Their screams are muffled.
Human Transport Ship says: "Hostile cylinders immobilized."
The Gumball Guardians walk into frame.
Human Transport Ship says: "Engaging hostile bobbleheads."
The Gumball Guardians hit the ship with psychic waves, causing it to wobble.
Human Transport Ship says: "Neutralizing."
Human Transport Ship says: "Please do not turn your system off during neutralization."
The ship sends out a pulse which counters the Gumball Guardians’ attack, knocking them out and causing them to collapse into some nearby buildings.
Finn says: "Holy mud!"
Finn says: "It took out the Gumball Guards like they was nothin’!"
BMO says: "BMO doesn’t like it!"
Jake says: "We gotta chop this thing into smashaghetti."
Finn pulls out his sword and charges the ship, yelling.
Finn says: "I’ll take you out with these hug nubs!"
A banana guard joins him in the charge.
Banana Guard says: "Ah!"
Banana Guard says: "I’ll help you, Finn!"
The ship’s tentacles pick up the banana guard.
Banana Guard says: "Ah!"
Banana Guard says: "Help me, Finn!"
Finn stops. The ship buries the banana guard face down in the ground.
Human Transport Ship says: "Hostile mutant neutralized."
Finn says: "Rush!"
Finn says: "Rush!"
He charges again.
Finn says: "Rush!"
He leaps onto the ship. It grabs him. He drops his sword and yells.
Human Transport Ship says: "Verifying."
Human Transport Ship says: "Human identified."
The ship drops Finn.
Human Transport Ship says: "Infant PG-8-7 Mertens."
The ships neutralizing the banana guards let them go and return to the main ship, which lands on the ground.
Human Transport Ship says: "PG-8-7."
Finn says: "Uh… You mean me?"
Human Transport Ship says: "You will assist this transport in locating seeker X-J-77."
The ship extends a ramp and extends a cockpit out of its top.
Human Transport Ship says: "PG-8-7 Mertens, please climb aboard."
Human Transport Ship says: "Please climb aboard."
Human Transport Ship says: "Come on."
Finn says: "Mertens?"
Finn says: "Wait, do you, like, know me?"
He approaches the ship. Jake punches it multiple times with a massive fist, crushing it. Finn looks shocked and angry.
Jake says: "Got it!"
Jake says: "Great work distracting ‘em, Finn."
Finn says nothing.
Jake says: "You okay, dude?"
Finn says: "I feel like that ship might’ve been important, but I’m fine."
Jake says: "Yeah, my hands are a little sore from smashing, but I’m fine too."
BMO charges the ship.
BMO says: "Hiyah!"
BMO kicks the ship.
BMO says: "Ha ha!"
BMO says: "Once again, BMO comes out on top."
BMO kicks the ship again, knocking off a panel. A wire comes out and connects itself to BMO, whose screen turns to static and then goes black.
Jake says: "BMO!"
Finn and Jake run over.
Finn says: "BMO, you okay?"
Jake turns BMO around. BMO’s screen is black and a message comes up on screen. The message is read in the ship’s voice.
BMO says: "Signal received."
BMO says: "XJ-7-7 requests transport."
An image of Susan Strong appears on BMO.
Cut to Susan in the hospital. She opens her eyes. A nurse removes a tube connected to her nose. Finn is next to her bed.
Finn says: "Hey."
Susan says: "Hi, Finn."
Finn says: "Uh, sorry again my grass arm busted you up."
Susan says: "It’s okay."
Susan says: "At the time, Susan was gonna bust you up."
Susan says: "Where’s Jake?"
Susan says: "Is he okay?"
She sits up.
Finn says: "He’s outside."
Finn says: "He’s bringing the ship over."
Susan says: "The ship?"
Cut to outside the hospital. Finn and Susan approach the destroyed ship. It’s still smoking.
Susan says: "Oh, ship."
She hears BMO humming. She turns and sees BMO hooked into the ship while Princess Bubblegum works on the undercarriage. Princess Bubblegum comes out from under the ship.
Princess Bubblegum says: "How ‘bout it, Suze?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Does any of this look familiar?"
Jake pops out of the side of the ship.
Jake says: "Me and Finn took this whole bad block down ourselves!"
Jake says: "Took a bit of fananglin’, but I never hunt what I can’t catch."
Susan sees the image of herself displayed on BMO. She climbs up the ramp to the cockpit and sits down. Suddenly, she has a flashback. Images fly by rapidly. First, what looks like a younger version of herself stands on a beach. Second, an island with buildings on it and some kind of pipe system. Thirdly, she sees herself approaching a person wearing a dog hat on the beach. Fourthly, she imagines a map, with one large landmass and a path drawn to a distant island. Fifthly, she imagines herself piloting the ship. She approaches a large being with one broken eye. The ship is then shown crashing into the sea. Back in the present moment, Susan removes her hat and rubs the shaved side of her head.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hey."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Looking for this?"
Susan sees Princess Bubblegum holding her cranial implant.
Princess Bubblegum says: "I’ve been holding onto the remnants of your cranial implant since you kidnapped Finn and almost killed Jake."
Princess Bubblegum says: "You remember that?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I’m running a comparative mass spec test now."
The apparatus Princess Bubblegum is holding dings.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yep."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Looks like both your implant and the ship have the same technological origin."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Human technology."
Susan comes back down from the c*ckpit and puts her hat back on.
BMO says: "Finished!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Looks like BMO’s finally downloaded the ship’s last commands."
Text comes up on BMO’s monitor.
BMO says: "Signal received."
BMO says: "Proceed to extraction point."
BMO says: "Return seeker XJ-7-7 and cargo to Founders Island, Home."
The map from Susan’s flashback appears on screen.
Princess Bubblegum says: "BMO, can you give us printouts?"
BMO says: "Yes, okay."
BMO says: "Printing."
BMO prints three copies of the map.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hmm."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Man, this island’s way far out there."
Princess Bubblegum distributes the maps. Susan scratches her head.
Susan says: "Susan needs to go back here."
Susan says: "To this island."
Susan says: "Not sure why."
Susan says: "Susan having crazy week."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I don’t know, Susan."
Princess Bubblegum says: "It’s so far."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Even I don’t know what’s out there."
Princess Bubblegum says: "It’s a pretty risky solo mission."
Finn says: "I’m going too."
Finn says: "I mean, we gotta find out where this ship came from."
Finn says: "There could be more of them."
Finn says: "And, if this is human-made, then there might be other humans on that island."
Finn says: "That’d be cool to see, right?"
Jake says: "I’ll come too!"
BMO says: "And so will we!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "No, we won’t."
BMO says: "Oh."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Well, it sounds like you’re all determined."
Princess Bubblegum says: "You should borrow my boat, though."
Princess Bubblegum says: "This thing is trashed."
She gestures towards the ship.
Jake says: "We don’t need a boat!"
Jake says: "Have you forgotten?"
He begins to sing as he stretches into a boat.
Jake says: "..."
Jake says: "I can be anything that you could ever..."
He returns to his normal shape.
Jake says: "..."
Jake says: "Oh, I lost focus."
Jake says: "Hey, yeah, can we borrow your boat?"
Cut to the Tree Fort in the evening. Finn sits on top of the Tree Fort. He takes a sip from a mug.
Finn says: "Are you up here, Fern?"
Fern emerges from the tree.
Fern says: "Hey."
Fern says: "Thanks for letting me crash on the roof."
Finn hands him a mug.
Fern says: "It’s nice up here."
Finn says: "Stay as long as you want."
Finn says: "I came up here to ask a favor."
Finn says: "I might be gone for a while on this trip, see, and I need someone to, uh, cover for me here in Ooo."
Fern says: "Are you sure?"
Fern says: "I mean, hero biz is your whole thing."
Fern says: "And, whatever I am, I’m not you."
Finn says: "You can just do your own thing with it."
Finn says: "Like, if some huge gross monster’s gonna do murder on a buncha innocents, uh, kill it!"
Finn says: "But kill it you-styles."
Finn says: "Just don’t go nuts."
Fern says: "Okay, I can handle that."
He extends and retracts his sword.
Fern says: "Thanks for trusting me."
Finn says: "No, thank you, Fern."
Finn says: "I better go pack."
They perform an awkward series of high-fives, then speak simultaneously.
Fern says: "Uh… We should figure out a better thing."
Finn says: "Let’s figure out something better."
Cut to Charlie's house. Jake knocks on the door of Charlie’s house. Charlie answers in a heavily stained shirt.
Charlie says: "Hey… Dad."
Jake’s voice comes from his extended jowl.
Jake says: "Charlie, hi."
Jake says: "It’s me!"
Jake says: "It’s dad."
The camera cuts back to reveal Jake’s main body is not there. Rather, he has extended his jowl to Charlie’s house.
Jake says: "I have to go on a sea voyage, honey."
Jake says: "I wanted to say bye."
Charlie says: "That’s cool."
Charlie says: "Hey, you can’t see this shirt, right?"
Charlie says: "This shirt has like, four different breakfasts on it."
Jake says: "I can’t hear anything."
Jake says: "Bye, love you!"
Jake says: "Mwah!"
Jake’s jowl kisses the door frame.
Charlie says: "Mkay, dad."
Charlie says: "I’ll tell the other pups."
Jake begins to retract his jowl.
Jake says: "And, I’m telling the other pups!"
The shot follows Jake’s jowl and cuts to Lady Rainicorn’s house. Jake is shown to have extended his jowls in six different directions. He retracts them all back. Lady Rainicorn is standing behind him.
Jake says: "Aw, I’m gonna miss you so much, lady."
Lady Rainicorn says: "아우 너무 걱정하지 말고 그냥 가서 좋은 형님 노릇하고와."
Lady Rainicorn says: "그리고 올때 기념품이나 사오고."
Jake kisses her.
Cut to the Tree Fort. Finn, Jake, and Fern walk away from the Tree Fort.
Jake says: "Finn, did you bring your nail clippers?"
Finn says: "Uh, I think so."
Jake says: "Cool, I forgot too."
Finn pauses for a moment to take a look at the Tree Fort.
Finn says: "Bye, treehouse!"
Inside, Neptr waves goodbye.
Neptr says: "Goodbye, creator!"
Neptr roves around the tree house.
Neptr says: "Now me and BMO can really cut loose."
He waves around a piece of paper.
Neptr says: "Look, BMO!"
Neptr says: "I am pretending to trash a hotel room."
There is silence.
Neptr says: "BMO?"
Cut to the Beach. Princess Bubblegum and Marceline have come to see the group off. Finn sits on a log with them while Susan and Jake prepare their gear. As Susan tosses a duffel bag onto the boat, BMO can be heard faintly.
BMO says: "Ouch."
Finn says: "Thanks for seeing us off, guys."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yeah, of course."
Princess Bubblegum says: "It’s my boat."
Marceline says: "And we care about him, you dingus!"
Marceline says: "Come on!"
Marceline says: "Sorry, Marcy is up past her bedtime."
Princess Bubblegum says: "No, it’s true."
She puts her hand on Finn’s shoulder.
Princess Bubblegum says: "I want you to be really careful out there."
Finn says: "Don’t worry."
Finn says: "We’ve got Susan."
Princess Bubblegum says: "That’s not what I mean."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn, I get the sense that this trip’s more important to you than you’re letting on."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I mean, if you make it to that island, you might find out some pretty heavy stuff."
Princess Bubblegum says: "About the humans and where you came from."
Princess Bubblegum says: "About yourself."
Princess Bubblegum says: "All I’m saying is, you have to promise me, promise me, that you’ll come home safe."
Fern says: "Hi Bonnie!"
Fern pops up between them.
Finn says: "Ah!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Ah!"
Fern says: "I’m Fern."
Fern says: "I kind of already know you."
They shake hands.
Fern says: "I have a lot of fuzzy half-memories from when I was this guy."
He looks at Finn.
Finn says: "Well, just keep the ones where she’s our boss, and forget everything else."
Susan says: "Finn?"
They all look over to Susan, who approaches them. Marceline takes off her sunglasses.
Marceline says: "Hey!"
Marceline says: "Good morning."
Susan says: "Boat’s loaded, ready to go."
Princess Bubblegum hugs Finn. Finn and Fern go for a high-five, but Fern accidentally slaps him.
Fern says: "Ah!"
Fern says: "I flinched."
Finn says: "It’s cool."
Cut to Finn and Jake in the boat as Susan pushes it out to sea.
Finn says: "We’ll be back soon, I promise!"
He and Jake wave as Susan hops in the boat.
Jake says: "Bye, kids!"
Jake says: "Don’t be naughty."
Marceline, Princess Bubblegum, and Fern stand on the shore, waving.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Bye!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Good luck!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "He’ll be safe."
Marceline says: "Hey, aren’t you that dude that totaled Starchy’s motorcycle?"
Cut back to the boat. It rocks in the waves as it begins to pick up speed. Finn takes one last look at Ooo before turning his gaze to the horizon. He takes off his hat and lets his hair flow freely. He holds his hat in one hand and a printed map in the other as they speed through the ocean.
Episode ends.