Episode starts with Finn and Jake walking in the Bad Lands, looking around until Finn takes out his holo-pendant.
Finn says: "Finn to Prubs, come in, Prubs."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hey, Finn!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "How's the mission going?"
Finn says: "So far, no sign of the Bird Man."
Finn says: "Why's this guy so dangerous?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Some say he's a half-man, half-bird that poops fire while he flies."
Princess Bubblegum says: "It's all rumors so far."
Princess Bubblegum says: "That's why I need you and Jake to find out everything you can about him and report back to me."
Finn says: "Where are you?"
Scene changes to an underwater place where Princess Bubblegum is diving. Behind her are two mermaids.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Under the sea."
Princess Bubblegum says: "The mermaids are trying to beach themselves."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I came to see why."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Turns out they're just lonely."
Finn says: "Maybe I'll go hang out with them after this biz."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Sounds great, Finn."
Finn rips the holo-pendant off of his neck.
Finn says: "Okay."
Finn says: "Bye, PB."
Finn throws the holo-pendant.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Bye!"
Jake says: "C'mon, let's go look for that creep!"
Scene changes to a different area of the Bad Lands desert. We see Finn and Jake walking, looking tired and worn-out, and then falling down. We see the sun opening an eye in its center.
Finn says: "Whoa."
A giant bird flies from where the 'eye' was. It flies towards the two inert boys and covers them, shrouding the screen in darkness. When the black lifts, we see Finn on his side at night in a cave. Water drips down into his mouth. We see a mysterious man pouring it into his mouth.
Finn says: "Huh?"
Finn says: "Where am I?"
Xergiok says: "This is the rookery, where I and my bird friends dwell!"
Finn says: "So are you, like, the Great Bird Man?"
Xergiok says: "That's what they call me nowadays."
Xergiok says: "But when I first met you, Finn, and you, Jake, you knew me as  Xergiok, the Goblin King!"
Finn says: "Whaaa—"
Jake says: "Whaaa—"
Finn says: "?!"
Jake says: "?!"
Finn says: "!"
Jake says: "!"
Xergiok says: "When we first met, I was crazy for smacking goblin hams."
Xergiok says: "I was cruel, selfish, brutal."
Xergiok says: "But every thing changed after I was defeated by the two of you!"
Jake says: "So, you got some sleek new shades, and now everything's different?"
Xergiok says: "Oh, no, my change has been deep."
Xergiok says: "And these whatsits are only curtains for empty windows."
Xergiok lifts his shades and puts them back repeatedly, revealing vacant eye sockets.
Finn says: "Whoa."
Finn says: "What happened there?"
Xergiok says: "I miffed off a wizard, and he took my eyes."
Xergiok says: "I wonder what he wanted them for—"
Xergiok says: "some kind of lotion..."
Xergiok says: "or potion..."
Xergiok says: "or time-traveling spell."
Xergiok says: "I'll never know."
Xergiok says: "Never, ever, never."
Xergiok says: "But losing my eyesight was only the beginning of my wonderful change!"
Xergiok says: "I started meditating and doing yoga."
Xergiok says: "Now I can "see" with my heart and smell with my soul."
Jake says: "You smell with your beard?"
Xergiok says: "I smell with my nose!"
Jake says: "Lame."
Xergiok inhales deeply and makes a gesture with his hands. He puts the back of them on his forehead and connects them by the joint in his thumb.
Xergiok says: "Om."
Finn says: "What are you doing?"
Scene shows him meditating, and then switches to one of Xergiok's birds, who, when hearing Xergiok's meditation, brays. It then takes flight and lands in the cave where Finn, Jake, and Xergiok are. While it flies, the night turns into day.
Xergiok says: "Oh, Taffy!"
Xergiok says: "You heard my call!"
Xergiok says: "Taffy will take us to the lower level, and you can have a bite to eat!"
Finn starts to walk up to him, but Jake stretches him arm to his shoulder. Finn looks down as Jake gives a subtle gesture.
Finn says: "Oh, uh, me and Jake will follow you."
Finn says: "Jake needs to stretch out and stuff."
Xergiok says: "Okay, great!"
Xergiok says: "Well, follow me!"
Xergiok flies off. Jake walks to the edge of the cave and stretches down, carrying Finn.
Finn says: "It's crazy, right?!"
Finn says: "!"
Finn says: "The way dude's eyeballs are just hangin' there."
Jake says: "I know!"
Jake says: "I almost told him 'cause it was driving me nuts!"
Finn says: "Yeah, me too!"
Jake says: "Do you think he's got evil intentions behind his reborn star-child act?"
Finn says: "I don't know."
Finn says: "But if he does, I'm gonna find out."
Jake says: "Yeah, me too."
Jake hits the bottom of the floor. He stretches to normal size after Finn gets out of Jake. Xergiok walks over to them.
Xergiok says: "Nice and cool down here, isn't it?"
Xergiok says: "A-ha!"
Xergiok says: "Listen to the babies!"
Xergiok says: "Num-num time!"
Xergiok walks over to a nest filled with baby birds.
Jake says: "Aw, hey, that's cute."
Xergiok says: "There you go, little ones."
Xergiok says: "Suckle, suckle!"
Finn and Jake turn toward the audience and give surprised and disgusted looks. We then see Xergiok lying down on the nest.
Xergiok says: "They're small, but they sure can take a lot out of you."
Xergiok says: "Whoo!"
Xergiok says: "Dizzy."
Xergiok says: "Sometimes feeding really wipes me out."
Xergiok says: "I hope you'll excuse me while I refocus my qi."
Xergiok says: "See you in a while!"
Finn says: "Now's our chance to do some snooping."
Finn walks over to a small basket, and opens it. Jake pours out a bowl of half-sprouted seeds.
Finn says: "Jake!"
Finn says: "I found his weapon stash!"
Jake says: "Hmm."
Finn says: "What is it?"
Finn says: "A fighting stick?"
Finn says: "A dagger?"
Jake starts to rub the stick.
Jake says: "This one's a letter from the hospital."
Finn says: "You can read those bumps with your fingers?"
Jake says: "Yeah, I learned braille from my ex."
Finn says: "Your ex was blind?"
Jake says: "Nah, just cool."
Jake says: "Well, geez, maybe he has changed his ways!"
Finn says: "Maybe."
Finn says: "Let's keep looking."
Jake nods his head.
Scene changes to a different cave. There is a giant sleeping bird in there. Finn and Jake try to walk stealthily in, but they trip.
Finn says: "Doy!"
Finn falls onto the bird's butt. The bird cries out and blushes. It then flies away. It hits its head on a stalactite, and falls down to the ground, unconscious.
Finn says: "Oh!"
The stalactite breaks off from the ceiling and falls onto the bird's legs. The bird lets out a wail.
Finn says: "Oh, crease!"
Jake says: "Oh, crease!"
We see Xergiok clutching his head while yellow lines emit from it.
Xergiok says: "Psychic links!"
Xergiok says: "Cardamom, my friend, I'm coming!"
Xergiok says: "I'm com—"
Finn says: "Wha—"
Finn says: "?"
Jake says: "Shush, child!"
Xergiok says: "Ah, Finn and Jake, you are here!"
Finn says: "Where'd you learn that heal spell?"
Xergiok says: "I use no magic."
Xergiok says: "I manipulated space with a vibrational chant."
Xergiok says: "You see, now the injury has transferred to me!"
Xergiok says: "Ooh, yeah, that hurts, baby!"
Xergiok says: "Whoo!"
Xergiok says: "Can't you see, Jake?"
Xergiok says: "I love these birds more than I love myself."
Xergiok says: "What am I to the deafening roar of the macro-cosmos?"
Xergiok says: "Nothing much."
Xergiok says: "Just a vessel to carry the message of friendship to y'all beasts and dirt!"
Finn says: "Dirt?"
Xergiok says: "Yeah, look!"
Xergiok says: "Hello, friends!"
Xergiok says: "Go for a ride!"
Finn says: "Listen, man."
Finn says: "About your eyes."
Xergiok says: "Yes, a wizard stole them."
Finn says: "Alright, but not—"
Jake says: "Finn!"
Jake says: "What are you doing, man?"
Finn says: "Dude, he's changed!"
Jake says: "Are you sure?"
Finn says: "Uh, yeah, man."
Finn says: "Isn't it kind of obvi?"
Jake says: "Alright, tell him."
Xergiok says: "Tell me what?"
Jake says: "Your eyes weren't stolen by a wizard."
Jake says: "They're in your beard."
Xergiok says: "Alright."
Xergiok says: "Oh, where are they?"
Finn says: "Dude, your eyes are in your beard."
Xergiok says: "A-ha, what?"
Xergiok says: "Good job, guys."
Xergiok says: "Goofin' on the blind guy—"
Xergiok says: "real nice!"
Finn says: "No, man, they're right here."
Xergiok says: "What my life?!"
Xergiok says: "!"
Finn says: "We didn't tell you 'cause we thought you might still be a wong lord!"
Xergiok says: "And these aren't grapes, right?"
Finn says: "No, man."
Xergiok says: "Hmm."
Xergiok says: "Finn and Jake, could you help me onto Cardamom's back?"
Xergiok says: "I would like to be high in the clouds, bathed in the pinks and the blues of the desert twilight, when I restore my sight."
Jake says: "Sure, okay."
Xergiok says: "Climb aboard!"
Xergiok says: "Vanilla!"
Xergiok says: "Chocolat!"
Xergiok says: "Cinnamon!"
Xergiok says: "Agave!"
Xergiok says: "All my friends, to the sky!"
Cardamom flies out out the sky, along with all of the other birds. When they are above the clouds, Xergiok takes off his shades and puts his eyes back in.
Far, far above,.
Time standing still,.
Memories are One,.
Same space, same will.
Now move along,.
Light speed divides,.
Rips all from One.
It blows my eye-holes.
POWER POWER POWER POWER.
Power...
Finn says: "How's it feel, man?"
Xergiok says: "Oh, yeah, it's overwhelming."
Xergiok says: "This view takes me back."
Xergiok says: "I always loved the sunset."
Xergiok says: "And the silhouettes of my little goblins lined up to receive their spankings!"
Xergiok says: "Well, the past is the past."
Xergiok says: "I wanna thank you guys for finding my eyes."
Xergiok says: "I don't know where I got that idea about the wizard!"
Jake says: "You were in the desert a long time, man."
Xergiok says: "Yes, twenty years."
Jake says: "Nah, it was more like one year and change, dude."
Xergiok says: "Yes, things certainly have changed for me in that time."
Xergiok says: "Say, who's ruling the uh, Goblin Kingdom since I left?"
Jake says: "Whisper Dan."
Xergiok says: "Oh, Whisper Dan!"
Xergiok says: "That's cool."
Xergiok says: "Cool, cool."
Xergiok says: "Hey, you guys wanna ride back to your crib?"
Finn says: "Yeah, sure, man."
The birds fly towards green pastures. Finn and Jake hop off of the birds. They start to run forward, but then stop.
Jake says: "Uh, wait."
Jake says: "Xergiok, this is the Goblin Kingdom."
Xergiok says: "I know, but I was thinking—"
Xergiok says: "now that I'm wiser, I could rule as king again!"
Finn says: "That idea is terrible."
Xergiok says: "Well, you know, I disagree!"
Scene pans up to the top of the Goblin Kingdom, where two guards look at Finn, Jake, Xergiok, and his army of birds.
Goblin Guard 1 says: "Hey, Jeff, is that your real laugh?"
Goblin Guard 2 says: "No, it's Xergiok."
Goblin Guard 1 says: "Oh, Glob!"
Scene goes back down to Xergiok, Finn, Jake, and the bird army.
Xergiok makes a meditating noise as yellow lines emit from his head. Jake's leg starts to vibrate. It turns into Cardamom's broken foot.
Jake says: "Oh, dang!"
Xergiok says: "Oh, yeah, baby!"
Finn says: "Come on, man."
Finn says: "Are you for real?"
Xergiok says: "Attack, birds, attack!"
Xergiok says: "Where's the butt on this thing?"
Xergiok says: "Whoa!"
Cardamom gives Xergiok a sad look.
Xergiok says: "Wait!"
Xergiok says: "Cardamom!"
Xergiok says: "Nougat!"
Xergiok says: "Stevia!"
Xergiok says: "Dang!"
Jake says: "You lost your friends, dude."
Xergiok says: "Yeah, I feel myself hitting bottom again."
Xergiok says: "Yup, okay, here we go."
Xergiok says: "Here, Finn."
Xergiok says: "Take my eyes and bury them forever."
Xergiok says: "I will not need them again."
Finn says: "Okay, man."
Xergiok says: "Thanks."
Jake says: "Are you gonna be alright, man?"
Xergiok says: "It's cool."
Finn says: "Bye!"
Jake says: "Bye!"
Finn says: "Dude, that sucks."
Finn says: "I hope he finds peace, or something."
Scene pans up to the goblin guards.
Goblin Guard 2 says: "He's going to the reservoir!"
Goblin Guard 1 says: "Um, why is he doin' that?"
Goblin Guard 2 says: "Maybe he's thirsty."
Goblin Guard 2 says: "Oops, I guess he was just sad."
Finn says: "Should we save him?"
Jake says: "Nah, man, he's fine."
We see Xergiok rise out of the water and start circling around. He yells with joy.
Finn says: "What the—"
Finn says: "?"
Xergiok says: "I found a girlfriend!"
Xergiok says: "I'm in love!"
Xergiok says: "Woo!"
The mermaid sings a few notes.
Episode ends.