The episode opens at the Royal Candy Vault in the Candy Kingdom. It is night time. Two Banana Guards stand watch outside the dormitory.
Right Guard says: "I'm scared it'll come back tonight."
Left Guard says: "Me too."
Right Guard says: "Can we hold hands?"
Left Guard says: "I need my hand to hold my spear."
Right Guard says: "Why don't you use your other hand?"
Left Guard says: "Oh, that's a good idea."
Right Guard says: "But..."
Right Guard says: "I need this hand to hold my spear."
Left Guard says: "Use your other one."
Right Guard says: "Aw, it won't reach."
Left Guard says: "Oh no."
Right Guard says: "Wait!"
Both guards says: "Oh!"
Left Guard says: "Hooray."
Right Guard says: "This is less scary because now I won't see the monster coming."
A growling is heard. The guard facing the wall hears it, but the guard on the left doesn't because he has been distracted by his own spear.
Left Guard says: "Wow."
Left Guard says: "You know, I just noticed these things have rings on the end."
Left Guard says: "It must be for blowing bubbles."
They both scream as they are snatched away by the hand of a monster. There is a slurping sound and they go quiet. Brown ooze begins to seep towards the dormitory entrance, followed by the monster itself. It pushes the doors open, where there are many banana guards sleeping in bunks. It grabs one of them.
Banana Guard says: "Huh?"
Banana Guard says: "It's back!"
The monster hisses and spits ooze onto the guard's face, muffling him. He grabs another guard and does the same.
Banana Guard says: "Huh?"
The monster grabs a third guard, but it shapeshifts and is revealed to be Jake the Dog in disguise.
Jake says: "Surprise!"
Finn sits up from one of the bunks. He is also in a banana guard disguise.
Finn says: "Hmm."
Finn says: "Okay."
Finn says: "Yeah!"
Jake says: "Feeling good, buddy?"
Finn says: "I'm good."
Finn says: "But this chump's about to get slain!"
Jake says: "Slay him quick."
Jake says: "He's got crazy devil strength!"
Finn says: "No prob."
Finn says: "Here comes the slay..."
As Finn looks into the monster's eyes, he hallucinates the face of Fern superimposed over it.
Fern face says: "Don't kill me, Finn."
Finn says: "Um..."
Finn says: "Here I go!"
Finn says: "Mathematical!"
Jake says: "Finn, are you doing the thing?"
Fern face says: "I'm your friend."
Fern face says: "I'm you."
Finn says: "Jake, maybe you should slay this guy?"
Jake says: "Aw, dude, you are doing the thing again!"
Fern face says: "I'm you!"
The sound of a weed whacker begins to grow in volume.
Jake says: "Slay him!"
Suddenly, the scene cuts to a flashback. A time card reads "That morning." Finn and Princess Bubblegum are walking through the Candy Kingdom together, both wearing baseball kit.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Thanks again for coming out to coach."
Princess Bubblegum says: "The jamboree's always a big morale boost for the troops."
Finn says: "Yeah."
Finn says: "It's, uh, a nice distraction."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hmm."
Princess Bubblegum says: "So how are you holding up after all the Fern stuff?"
Finn says: "It's been a rough month, PB."
Finn says: "I know Fern was an angry guy who tried to kill me, but I still feel awful about the way he went."
Finn says: "It's really messing with me."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, Finn, I'm so sorry."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Death is no laughing mat-  This is a banana fudge massacre!"
A group of banana guards approach them in a panic.
Banana Guards says: "Princess?!"
Banana Guards says: "!"
Banana Guards says: "Princess?!"
Banana Guards says: "!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Guys, what happened?!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "!"
Banana Guard says: "A terrible monster kidnapped squadron five!"
Another Banana Guard says: "It looked like a banana, but it peeled other bananas!"
All says: "Traitor!"
All says: "Traitor!"
All says: "Traitor!"
All says: "Traitor!"
All says: "Traitor, traitor!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "A banana and fudge monster?!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "That's candy tech."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Okay, who's behind this?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I need you and Jake to guard the barracks tonight."
Princess Bubblegum says: "If this creep comes back and lays a finger on my guards, you show no mercy."
Finn says: "Um..."
Finn says: "Yeah, I'll..."
Finn says: "do my best."
The flashback ends. Finn is still poised to strike down the monster. The buzzing of the weed whacker continues.
Jake says: "Finn!"
Jake says: "Finn, stop showing mercy!"
The monster manages to break Jake's grip and frees its hands, then kicks Finn off its chest.
Finn says: "Oh, no!"
Finn says: "I dinked it!"
The monster roars and shrieks at them, and then breaks through a wall and flees into the night. All the banana guards leap down from their bunks and begin running away in a panic. Jake is lying deflated on the ground.
Finn says: "Jake, I'm sorry!"
Finn says: "I- I couldn't do it!"
Jake says: "Love you forever, man, but your guilt's hurting the team dynamics."
Finn says: "I know."
Finn says: "I'm gonna go make it right!"
Jake says: "Cool."
Jake says: "I'm gonna make peace with my aging body."
Finn watches the monster run away into the night. He shakes himself and sets off in pursuit. He catches up, climbs onto the back of the monster's neck, and raises his sword.
Finn says: "No mercy this time, banana boy!"
Finn says: "I don't care why you're doing this or if you have a..."
Finn says: "a tragic past."
Finn says: "I don't care!"
Finn says: "I'm hard like that."
Fern face says: "Don't kill me, Finn."
Finn says: "Nope!"
He gives up, taking his sword away from the monster's neck. The monster notices him and screeches.
Finn says: "Oh, gross!"
The monster headbutts him off its neck and into some nearby bushes.
Finn says: "What the heck is my problem?!"
Finn says: "!"
The monster turns and spits fudge at him.
Finn says: "Aw, fudge!"
It seems like the fudge is going to hit Finn, but it is deflected by a mysterious projectile and lands on the monster's own face.
Finn says: "Huh?!"
Finn says: "!"
Finn says: "How'd I do that?!"
Finn says: "!"
The monster retreats. Huntress Wizard suddenly appears next to Finn, hanging upside down from a tree.
Huntress Wizard says: "Um, it's getting away."
Finn says: "Aah!"
Finn says: "Oh, Huntress Wizard!"
Huntress Wizard says: "Hey, Finn."
Huntress Wizard says: "Come on!"
Huntress Wizard says: "After that booger!"
Finn climbs onto her back and Huntress Wizard hops onto the vine, going in pursuit of the monster again.
Finn says: "Thanks for the save, HW."
Huntress Wizard says: "Mm-hmm."
Finn says: "You're chasing that grabby banana too, huh?"
Huntress Wizard says: "I'm hunting it."
Huntress Wizard says: "It's an invasive species that's been destroying the local ecosystem with its nasty hot fudge."
Huntress Wizard says: "It's name is the Grumbo."
Huntress Wizard says: "It's a name that I made up just now..."
Huntress Wizard says: "because you can't hunt what you can't name."
Finn says: "Yeah, makes sense."
Huntress Wizard says: "Hmm."
Finn says: "So how you been?"
Huntress Wizard says: "Finn, I saw you falter back there."
Huntress Wizard says: "Why did you hesitate before you dealt the final blow?"
Finn says: "It keeps happening since I aced Fern."
Finn says: "Every time I'm about to wail on some monster, I remember seeing Fern go kaboom..."
Finn says: "and the guilt paralyzes me."
Finn says: "I can't seem to final blow anybody."
A flashback to Fern's death is shown while Finn talks.
Huntress Wizard says: "I see."
Huntress Wizard says: "Okay, let's vanquish your mental block."
Huntress Wizard says: "Because I'll need your help to defeat the Grumbo."
Huntress Wizard says: "It's a two-huntress job."
Finn says: "The second huntress is me."
Huntress Wizard says: "Yes."
Huntress Wizard leaps down from the vine, startling a fat squirrel which is eating the fudge left behind by the Grumbo.
Huntress Wizard says: "The trail goes gold here."
Huntress Wizard says: "I mean, the fudge is still hot, but that squirrel dude just ate most of it."
Finn says: "What?"
Finn says: "No!"
Finn says: "Ugh, I should have struck when I had the chance!"
Finn says: "Or not struck Fern when I didn't have the chance?"
Finn says: "Ugh!"
Finn says: "I don't even know anymore."
Huntress Wizard says: "This is just me talking, but it sounds like Fern was already headed down a dark road."
Huntress Wizard says: "Sounds like he was a bad version of yourself that you had to destroy in order to become an even tighter version of yourself."
Huntress Wizard says: "Does that sounds about right?"
They hear a distant whimpering and follow it to a cave.
Huntress Wizard says: "Looks like we got some hot fudge on our hands."
Huntress Wizard says: "Okay, let's review our roles."
Huntress Wizard says: "When I take out its legs, you strike the underbelly."
Huntress Wizard says: "Got it?"
Huntress Wizard manifests a javelin, and Finn draws his sword. They enter the cave.
Finn says: "I can do this."
Finn says: "I'm 90% sure I can do this."
Finn says: "Gonna slice right through that sweet Fern face."
Huntress Wizard says: "Shh!"
The whimpering continues, and the Grumbo can be heard snoring. Finn and Huntress Wizard find it asleep, hanging from the roof of the cave.
Huntress Wizard says: "Ready?"
Finn says: "Yes."
Huntress hurls her javelin at the Grumbo, but it wakes up and dodges the attack. It drops to the floor to face its attackers.
Huntress Wizard says: "Duck - I guess."
Finn says: "Huh?"
Huntress Wizard avoids the Grumbo's headbutt, but Finn fails to react and is thrown across the room. Huntress runs up to the creature and kicks it in the chin.
Huntress Wizard says: "Bicycle kick!"
She manifests an arrow with rope and uses it to bind the Grumbo's legs together. It crashes to the floor.
Huntress Wizard says: "Now, Finn!"
Huntress Wizard says: "Coop-degrassi!"
Finn says: "Okay, time to final blow it!"
He leaps onto the Grumbo's neck with a battlecry and raises his sword. Once again, Fern's face appears.
Fern face says: "Finn, don't you love me?"
Finn says: "Uh, can we maybe switch roles?"
Huntress Wizard says: "Not again."
The Grumbo punches Finn away and catapults Huntress Wizard into a wall. The vines binding its legs discorporate.
Finn says: "Oops!"
Finn says: "Oops."
Finn says: "Oops."
Finn says: "Oops!"
The Grumbo spits fudge at Finn. He leaps over the projectile and it sears his lower regions.
Finn says: "HW, let's come back and try tomorrow!"
Huntress Wizard says: "Okay..."
She throws another javelin at the Grumbo, distracting it from its attack against Finn. She stands T-posed, allowing it to charge at her.
Finn says: "Huntress Wizard, get out of the way!"
Huntress Wizard remains where she is, watching the creature approach and doing nothing in response.
Finn says: "Think, think, think!"
Finn says: "Attack."
Finn says: "Attack."
Finn says: "Attack."
Fern's face appears superimposed over Huntress Wizard's.
Fern face says: "Finn, help me."
Finn says: "I'll save you, buddy."
Finn chases the monster and finally sinks his sword into its underbelly. It screeches and collapses, its huge body finally coming to rest just inches from Huntress Wizard's face. Fern pulls his sword from its belly with a grunt. The Grumbo's body bursts, covering Finn, Huntress, and the cave in banana goop. Finn's sword disintegrates from being covered in hot fudge.
Finn says: "I did it."
Finn says: "Sorry I almost got you killed."
Huntress Wizard says: "It's cool."
Huntress Wizard says: "It's totally cool."
Huntress Wizard says: "I knew you just needed a push."
Huntress Wizard says: "That's why I very smartly pretended to throw myself in harm's way."
Finn says: "No, actually, that's not what did it."
Huntress Wizard says: "Yeah, right."
Huntress Wizard says: "We both know you're totally in love with me."
Finn smiles, and they kiss. When Finn opens his eyes, Fern is superimposed over Huntress Wizard's face again, and he gives a high pitched scream. A group of peeled banana guards emerge from another part of the cave, groaning.
Banana Guard says: "Finn?"
Banana Guard says: "Are you here to rescue us?"
Banana Guard says: "Oh, glob!"
Banana Guard says: "There's someone else here too!"
Another Guard says: "I don't have my peel!"
Another Guard says: "Don't look, don't look anyone!"
Finn says: "It's okay, guys."
Finn says: "Huntress Wizard is into natchy living."
Huntress Wizard says: "Weird."
Huntress Wizard says: "These Grumbo remains are 100% artificial candy flesh - like straight out of a lab."
Finn says: "I wonder who made him."
A camera watches them from above. The scene changes to the ziggurat.
Mysterious character says: "Who indeed?"
Mysterious character says: "Who is the brilliant puppet master working tirelessly behind the scenes, completely unfazed by this minor, minor setback?"
Mysterious character says: "Why, it's me - Uncle G."
Mysterious character says: "Ready yourself, Princezzin!"
Mysterious character says: "Your boy hero will be no match for my next creation."
An unknown monster is seen twitching in a tank.
Episode ends.