The episode begins at the Candy Castle. The camera zooms in as Princess Bubblegum speaks in voice over.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Where are you?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I need you to try this!"
Finn is waiting outside Princess Bubblegum's room, looking inside.
Finn says: "I'll be there in a sec!"
Jake says: "What's the status?"
Finn says: "Good, man!"
Jake says: "Nice!"
Jake says: "Seal the deal, bro!"
Finn says: "Okay, man!"
Finn says: "Whatevs!"
Jake says: "You can do it, you hear me?!"
Jake says: "!"
BMO says: "How's Finn's date?"
Jake says: "I think it's goin' good."
BMO says: "Unlike your game, boiiiii!"
Jake says: "Where's the key to the tower, BMO?!"
Jake says: "!"
Jake says: "Tell me!"
Jake says: "AAAGH!"
Return to Candy Castle.
Finn says: "Okay, Finn."
Finn says: "She's 13; you're 13."
Finn says: "Just have fun!"
Finn says: "Be yourself."
Finn says: "Wooooo!"
Continues saying "wooo" as he walks over to Princess Bubblegum, and sits down beside her. She is wearing science goggles and tinkering around with potions.
Finn says: "What's that?"
Finn says: "Are you trying to make yourself 18 again?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Nah."
Princess Bubblegum says: "This is an instant bath serum."
Princess Bubblegum says: "It makes you sweat cleaning agents."
Finn says: "I don't bathe."
Finn says: "I want that!"
Finn says: "WAAAUGH!"
Finn says: "Hot, hot, oh—"
Finn says: "WAAAAUGH!"
Finn says: "Oh..."
Finn says: "so spice!"
Finn says: "So spice!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "YOU'RE so spice!"
Manfried says: "Bwaaa bwaaa bwaaaaaa!"
Manfried says: "Announcing the arrival of the Earl of Lemongrab!"
Lemongrab, on Lemon Camel, enters castle gate, frowning. He sees Cinnamon Bun swinging from a trapeze.
Cinnamon Bun says: "Heh hah hah- AAAAUGH!"
Cinnamon Bun says: "Oof!"
Cinnamon Bun says: "Ha ha ha!"
Cinnamon Bun falls from trapeze, landing on the floor with a loud "splat" and sending sticky dough flying. He laughs and tries to scoop it back up into his belly.
Earl of Lemongrab says: "This castle is..."
Earl of Lemongrab says: "in..."
Earl of Lemongrab says: "UNACCEPTABLE CONDITIIIIOOOON!"
Earl of Lemongrab says: "UNACCEPTABLLLEEE!"
Candy people mutter among themselves, wondering who this strange yelling man is.
Earl of Lemongrab says: "Thirty days in the dungeon!"
Cinnamon Bun says: "For who?"
Earl of Lemongrab says: "Everyone in this ROOM!"
Earl of Lemongrab says: "MMMLLUUUUUGH!!!"
Princess Bubblegum and Finn rush to the scene.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Wait, wait!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "You can't give orders like that!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I'm in charge here, Lemongrab!"
Earl of Lemongrab says: "TOO YOUNG!"
Earl of Lemongrab says: "TOO YOUNG TO RULE THE KINGDOM!"
Finn jumps up and scoldingly slaps Lemongrab on the hand.
Finn says: "Watch your manners with the princess--!"
Earl of Lemongrab says: "HHHHUUUUOOOOOOOOOOOH?!"
Earl of Lemongrab says: "!"
Finn says: "What the huh?"
Earl of Lemongrab says: "MMMM!"
Earl of Lemongrab says: "I am next in line to thee throne!"
Earl of Lemongrab says: "Sooo..."
Earl of Lemongrab says: "I will be in charge..."
Earl of Lemongrab says: "UNTIL PRINCESS BUBBLEGUM turns..."
Earl of Lemongrab says: "18 again!"
Finn says: "That's bunk!"
Finn says: "Right, Preebos?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "No..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "He is rightful ruler under kingdom law."
Princess Bubblegum says: "It's complicated."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I created Lemongrab."
Princess Bubblegum says: "He was the first of my experiments gone wrong..."
Flashback to Lemongrab's creation. 18 year old Princess Bubblegum is looming over a bed/table, on which is lying Lemongrab, who doesn't have a face. She sticks a nose on him in the manner of someone sticking a carrot nose onto a snowman. The princess reaches for a vial on a nearby table, and pours the liquid onto Lemongrab's face. Features start to form, and he gains a mouth and a pair of closed eyes. Suddenly, his eyes snap open in fright, and he groans loudly.
Earl of Lemongrab says: "Nnnnnnuh!"
He sits up quickly, and frantically flaps his arms at Princess Bubblegum.
Earl of Lemongrab says: "Gaaaaaah!"
His eyes roll back into his head, leaving only the whites exposed as he screams.
Earl of Lemongrab says: "EEEEEEAAAAAAGH!"
The scene returns to the castle at present day, and young Princess Bubblegum continues.
Princess Bubblegum says: "..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "And now that I'm younger than him, he inherits the right to the throne."
Earl of Lemongrab says: "IF ANYONE NEEDS ME I'LL BE TAKING A NAP!"
Earl of Lemongrab says: "A..."
Earl of Lemongrab says: "a-a-and CLEAN this place up or dungeon!"
Earl of Lemongrab says: "THREE HOURS DUNGEON!"
Starchie says: "Who are you talking to?!"
Starchie says: "!"
Lemongrab suddenly points at Starchie accusingly, and the candy people gasp.
Earl of Lemongrab says: "THREE!"
Earl of Lemongrab says: "HOURS!"
Earl of Lemongrab says: "DUNGEON!"
Starchie says: "NNNNOOOOOOOO!!!"
Lemongrab leaves the room with a blank expression on his face.
Finn says: "We'll see you in a few hours..."
Finn says: "okay, Starchie?"
Starchie says: "Yeah, right..."
Starchie says: "If Starchie ever survives that long..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn, this is dirt balls!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "We gotta do something to make him leave!"
Finn says: "Yeah..."
Finn says: "like pranking him up his face!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hey, yeah!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "And I have the perfect prank!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "C'mon, Finn!"
She takes Finn's hand, and they run off.
The next scene shows Lemongrab, sleeping peacefully in a small, dark room of the Candy Castle. Finn and Princess Bubblegum loom beside his bed and smile at him mischievously. The kids stick two corks into Lemongrab's "ears" to prevent him from hearing their activities. He continues sleeping as they work. They set up an elaborate Rube Goldberg-esque prank in the room, do a fist-bump, and leave. Lemongrab's alarm goes off, setting off the last part of the prank. The prank causes a ping-pong ball to gently bump into Lemongrab's forehead. He sleepily opens his eyes, to see a large note saying "YOU REALLY SMELL LIKE DOG BUNS" beside him.
Earl of Lemongrab says: ""You..."
Earl of Lemongrab says: "really..."
Earl of Lemongrab says: "smell..."
Earl of Lemongrab says: "like..."
Earl of Lemongrab says: "..."
Earl of Lemongrab says: "dog buns"..."
Earl of Lemongrab says: "?"
Clenches fists in outrage, widens eyes, and opens mouth up wide to emit a long, cracking scream that continuously rises in pitch until it becomes a girlish shriek.
Earl of Lemongrab says: "NNNUUUUuuuuuooooooooooOOOOOOOOUUUUUUGGGGHHH!!!"
The next scene is in the hallway of the Candy Castle. The candy people are lined up beside the wall as Lemongrab paces nervously, with Peppermint Butler by his side.
Earl of Lemongrab says: "Well, well, well..."
Earl of Lemongrab says: "IS THIS EVERYONE, THEN?!"
Earl of Lemongrab says: "!"
Peppermint Butler says: "Yes, all the castle staff."
Earl of Lemongrab says: "Sooo which one of yooou WAS it?!"
Earl of Lemongrab says: "!"
Earl of Lemongrab says: "Who did..."
Earl of Lemongrab says: "the THING?!"
Earl of Lemongrab says: "!"
Upside-Down Ice Cream Cone says: "The..."
Upside-Down Ice Cream Cone says: "thing?"
Earl of Lemongrab says: "THE THING, THE THING!!!"
Peppermint Butler says: "Hey, man!"
Peppermint Butler says: "Calm down!"
Peppermint Butler says: "It's just a prank, man!"
Peppermint Butler says: "For laughs!"
Earl of Lemongrab says: "Prank?"
Earl of Lemongrab says: "F..."
Earl of Lemongrab says: "for..."
Earl of Lemongrab says: "laughs?"
Earl of Lemongrab says: "HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAH- OH!"
The candy people look frightened.
Peppermint Butler says: "Heh, heh..."
Earl of Lemongrab says: "C'mon..."
Earl of Lemongrab says: "LET'S MOVE IT!!!"
Princess Bubblegum and Finn, hiding behind the wall.
Princess Bubblegum says: "I don't think that worked out too math, Finn."
Finn says: "What?"
Finn says: "No, no!"
Finn says: "He just needs some more prankin's to finish the job!"
Finn says: "He'll leave the kingdom."
Finn says: "Let's try it my way this time, okay?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Okay!"
She grips his hand.
Cut to the next scene, where Finn and Princess Bubblegum are in her room, cutting up sheets to make ghost costumes. They exchange smiles, and put on the sheets. The two run out of the room, waving their arms and whooping loudly. Lemongrab is standing in the hallway, minding his own business. As he sees the little ghost pranksters, he turns his head with mild curiosity. Instead of scaring him, Finn suddenly delivers a hard little punch to Lemongrab's tummy.
Earl of Lemongrab says: "OOF!"
He doubles over in pain, holding his sore belly and wincing. Princess Bubblegum pushes him onto the floor. The sound of glass breaking plays over the soundtrack as Lemongrab falls to the ground, curled up in a fetal position, while Finn and Princess Bubblegum run away happily.
Earl of Lemongrab says: "Keep 'em coming!"
Earl of Lemongrab says: "I'M NOT GOING ANYWHERE!!!"
Earl of Lemongrab says: "Ho..."
Earl of Lemongrab says: "ha..."
Earl of Lemongrab says: "Ah-ah-oooow!"
Lemongrab doubles over again, still crying and moaning loudly. Finn and Princess Bubblegum, still wearing the ghost costumes, run off down the hallway, grinning as Lemongrab's pained cries fade away.
Finn says: "I got a new plan!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, yeah?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "What?"
Scene changes to the rooftop. Finn and Princess Bubblegum are sitting side by side on the roof.
Finn says: "We'll work together and use that serum you made."
Finn says: "The one that was "Ah!"
Finn says: "So Spice!"
Finn says: "" And spice-bomb him non-stop 'till his butt falls out!"
Finn says: "How's that sound?"
Finn says: "Hoooo!"
Scene changes to a small room in the Candy Castle that appears to be under construction, with half-painted walls and unopened cardboard boxes everywhere. Lemongrab is seated at a small table. Peppermint Butler approaches him, holding a golden platter of food covered by a silver dome.
Peppermint Butler says: "Thank you for releasing me early from the dungeon, Master Lemongrab."
Earl of Lemongrab says: "I determine what is early, and what is late, Mr."
Earl of Lemongrab says: "Peppermint!"
Peppermint Butler says: "Yes, Your Earlness."
Earl of Lemongrab says: "Also..."
Earl of Lemongrab says: "I don't know where food comes from!"
Earl of Lemongrab says: "AHHHHtatatataNO!!"
Earl of Lemongrab says: "That's why I am royal and you are servile!"
Princess Bubblegum and Finn are hiding in the ceiling, watching Lemongrab and Peppermint Butler converse.
Finn says: "You ready to pour the stuff?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yeah!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I made it super-hot this time!"
Finn says: "Wait 'till he opens the lid!"
A drop of spicy serum falls into Peppermint Butler's eye, and he screams.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Shoot!"
Peppermint Butler says: "HHHHAAAAAAA!!!"
Peppermint Butler says: "HAAAAAAA!"
Peppermint Butler says: "HAAAAAAA!!!!"
Peppermint Butler says: "AAAAAAAGHAAA!!!!!"
Finn says: "Shh!"
Peppermint Butler throws lid aside.
Earl of Lemongrab says: "STOP SCREAMING!!!"
Earl of Lemongrab says: "WHY ARE YOU SCREAMING?!"
Earl of Lemongrab says: "!"
Peppermint Butler says: "Because I'm excited by this meal I made!"
Earl of Lemongrab says: "Me, too."
Earl of Lemongrab says: "I'm excited, too."
Lemongrab grabs a fist full of mashed carrots and pops it into his mouth. Something's wrong- his eyes widen, and he looks sickened, his face quickly turning a vibrant, dark shade of red. Suddenly, he projectile-vomits the carrots into Peppermint Butler's face, and starts screaming.
Earl of Lemongrab says: "HHHHUUUUAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!!!!!"
Still screaming, Lemongrab stands up, blinded by pain, and starts walking away unsteadily, only to approach the window and fall out of the tower. He falls quickly through the air, still red-faced and screaming. Surprised Princess Bubblegum, Peppermint Butler, and Finn watch Lemongrab fall into the ground heavily, his whole head smashed into the earth. Lemongrab pries himself up and gasps for air, shoveling handfuls of dirt into his burning mouth. His face quickly turns a healthy yellow again.
Peppermint Butler says: "He's eating the dirt!"
Peppermint Butler says: "SPICE IT NOW!"
Princess Bubblegum drips 2 drops of serum into the dirt, and Lemongrab's face reddens again as he screams, bolts upright, and begins running away. Candy people look at him nonchalantly as he runs through the castle grounds, screaming in agony.
Peppermint Butler says: "He's heading for the orchard!"
Lemongrab, screaming and whooping loudly, shakily approaches an apple tree, resting his hands on his knees for a moment, obviously exhausted. He feebly reaches his hand up to the tree, in which Finn, Peppermint Butler, and Princess Bubblegum are hiding.
Earl of Lemongrab says: "Apple!"
The earl jumps up to get an apple. He gets one, but the weight on the branch causes him to fall down onto his back. He moans. His falling causes the tree branch to shake, and Peppermint Butler is jostled out. Peppermint Butler falls into Lemongrab's mouth. The earl grabs Peppermint Butler and begins sucking on him to relieve the spice. His face turns yellow once again, and he smacks his lips a few times. He continues lying on the grass, looking straight up at the tree branch.
Earl of Lemongrab says: "Mmmm!"
Finn says: "Heh, heh..."
Finn says: "heh!"
Earl of Lemongrab says: "OOOOOONE MILLION YEEEEEEEARS, DUNGEON!!!!"
The scene cuts to the dungeon, where the castle staff, Finn, Princess Bubblegum, and Peppermint Butler are imprisoned.
Finn says: "Maybe if we..."
Finn says: "set his butt on fire."
Princess Bubblegum says: "No, Finn..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "There's only one way."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I just didn't want to have to do it."
Princess Bubblegum says: "If I change myself back to my real age, I can reclaim the throne."
Finn says: "What?"
Finn says: "No!"
Finn says: "I mean..."
Finn says: "you can do that?"
Finn says: "Then..."
Finn says: "why did you wait so long?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Because being 13 again is..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Bloobaloobie!"
Finn says: "Hm?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "While being 18 is all plock dumps and wagglezags..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I never really get to act like a kid."
Princess Bubblegum says: "But, it's okay."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Really."
Princess Bubblegum says: "My people need me, and that comes first!"
Finn says: "Yeaaah..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "First thing we need is more candy flesh to increase my biomass."
Princess Bubblegum says: "But I need my lab equipment to engineer it."
Peppermint Butler says: "Not necessarily, milady!"
Peppermint Butler and the Candy People take candy flesh from their own bodies and offer it to the young princess, who looks visibly touched by this gesture. She gasps.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, thank you!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Thank you, all!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Okay..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Next we need a bonding agent."
Finn says: "Princess?"
Finn says: "I think I can help."
Finn licks all of the candy flesh as it is handed to him, and sticks it to Princess Bubblegum.
Finn says: "Finished!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "There's one last thing we need."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Only the heat from a whopping love hug can catalyze the re-age-ifying process."
Finn says: "Are you ready, Princess?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yes, Finn."
Princess Bubblegum says: "But..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "first, I just want to say how much fun I've had hanging out with you."
Finn says: "Me, too!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "And I..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I wish I could stay..."
Finn says: "I..."
Finn says: "I know, Princess."
Finn and Princess Bubblegum stop blushing, hug, then kiss. The screen fills with sparkles, which dissolve to reveal that Finn is hugging 18 year old Princess Bubblegum's waist, his face pressed gently against her pelvis.
Princess Bubblegum says: "'Scuse, me, Finn."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yo, Earl!"
Earl of Lemongrab says: "WHAAAAAT?!"
Earl of Lemongrab says: "!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hey!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "You're fired, ya BUTT!"
Earl of Lemongrab says: "HHHHHRRRRRGGGRRRUUGGHHH!!!!!"
Scene cuts to outside of Candy Castle. Lemongrab is riding away on Lemon Horse, obviously too upset to speak comprehensibly, and muttering to himself in a sulky manner. Princess Bubblegum and Finn sit on the stairs, watching the dejected earl go back home to Lemongrab.
Princess Bubblegum says: "I'm so glad everything's back to normal."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Thanks for all your help, Finn."
Finn says: "Oh- you're welcome!"
Finn says: "But..."
Finn says: "uhm..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "What is it, Finn?"
Finn says: "Well, ah..."
Finn says: "Do you..."
Finn says: "do you wanna hug some more?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "What?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn, you silly!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "That was, like, five years ago!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "You really gotta move on."
Finn says: "Oh- yeah, yeah..."
Finn says: "Sorry..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Such a silly boy."
The princess walks away, leaving Finn alone. He sighs, and his phone rings. Finn answers sadly.
Finn says: "Hello?"
Jake says: "Hey, man!"
Jake says: "What's the status?"
Finn says: "Bad news, man..."
Finn says: "I..."
Finn says: "I got dumped."
Jake says: "Awww."
Jake says: "I'm sorry, Finn."
Jake says: "But look, man."
Jake says: "Lemme share with you a little secret on how to win the heart of a princess."
Jake says: "It's not easy, but ya have to be persistent."
Jake says: "You might have to defeat a demon lord, and warp through several worlds."
As he speaks, BMO's video game shows the actions being carried out.
Jake says: "But once you do, you walk up the wizard stairs, and produce your magic key you got in a water world and unlock the chamber door."
Jake says: "Then, walk right up to the princess, and give her a smooch."
The video game characters kiss, and the words "You Win" light up the screen.
Jake says: "Yesss!"
Jake says: "Does that make sense?"
Finn says: "Yeah, man."
Finn says: "I see what you're sayin'."
Finn says: "Thanks, Jake."
Jake says: "Mmm-hmm."
Finn hangs up, and looks up at the tower, where Princess Bubblegum is on the balcony, her hair blowing in the breeze.
Finn says: "Go up the wizard steps."
Episode ends.