Episode starts at Castle Lemongrab. A gatekeeper is comparing Finn's passport picture to Princess Bubblegum.
Princess Bubblegum says: "The other one."
Scene switches to Finn, who is talking to Jake on an old-fashioned telephone.
Jake says: "Finn?"
Jake says: "Finn?"
Finn says: "Sorry."
Jake says: "Finn, I'm bored."
Jake says: "Are you sure Princess Bubblegum doesn't like me anymore?"
Finn says: "Yeah."
Finn says: "That's what she said."
Jake says: "Sounds weird."
Jake says: "Are you lying so you can do this dinner thing alone with Bubblegum?"
Finn says: "No way!"
Jake says: "I don't know if this is a good idea after your break-up with Flame Princess."
Jake says: "PB is out of your age range, anyway."
Finn says: "No way, man, I got no expectates."
Finn says: "Whatever happens happens."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hey Finn!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Let's go."
Finn says: "Lates, bro."
Finn says: "Comin'!"
Two gatekeepers open the doors to Castle Lemongrab.
Finn says: "Hey-ey, things got fancy around here."
Finn and Princess Bubblegum walk into a stagecoach. The driver throws a whip at the Lemon Camel.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Thanks again for coming to Castle Lemongrab with me, Finn."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I kinda hate these diplomatic dinners."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Also, I think the Lemongrabs are getting weirder."
Finn says: "Oh, uh, you know me—"
Finn says: "pretty good with weird stuff."
Princess Bubblegum says: "It's just a shame that Jake didn't wanna come."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I love Jake."
Finn says: "Yeah."
Finn says: "We all love Jake."
Inside the Castle, an orange Lemon Child blows a horn.
Orange Lemon Child says: "Announcing arrival o' Princest Bubblegah and little boy!"
A Lemon Child on a trapeze falls to the ground behind Finn and Princess Bubblegum. Footsteps can be heard as the Lemon Children in the entrance hall gasp.
Lemongrab says: "Princess!"
Finn says: "Holy—"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Holy—"
Lemongrab says: "Oh, so pleased and gracious to welcome you to our sophisticated society!"
Lemongrab says: "Bow."
Lemongrab 2 says: "Yes, welcome—"
Lemongrab says: "NO!"
Lemongrab says: "Do it now!"
A small Lemon Child in a cupboard, while holding a bell, screams until his skin peels off.
Lemon Head says: "It's..."
Lemon Head says: "dinner time!"
Scene changes to the castle's dining hall. Lemon Children, Finn, and Princess Bubblegum are eating dinner. Duke Suck-Lemon is in between Finn and Princess Bubblegum, so he switches their name cards. Duke Suck-Lemon switches places with Finn.
Finn says: "Yo, Peebs."
Finn says: "How's your lemon?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn, this is mega-weird."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Something's happened to the two Lemongrabs."
Princess Bubblegum says: "They used to be exactly the same."
Lemongrab says: "It's time for the floor show!"
Finn says: "Hey, princess!"
Finn says: "Look who happens to carry a flute with him."
Lemongrab says: "No!"
Lemongrab says: "Lemons only!"
Lemongrab says: "Floor show!"
Up on stage, a humanoid Lemon Child screams repeatedly while a dog-like Lemon Child exits a dog house and starts slapping itself.
Lemongrab says: "Do it better!"
The Lemon Children onstage get shocked. The dog-like Lemon Child slaps itself faster while the humanoid Lemon Child screams louder and at a higher pitch. Lemongrab laughs and takes a piece of bread from a green Lemon Child sitting next to him. The green Lemon Child whines. Lemongrab 2 gives it half of his bread.
Lemongrab says: "WHAT?!"
Lemongrab says: "!"
Lemongrab says: "UNACCEPTABLE!"
Lemongrab 2 says: "Hmm."
Lemongrab 2 says: "Acceptable."
Lemongrab says: "What?!"
Lemongrab says: "!"
Lemongrab says: "UNACCEPTABLE!"
Lemongrab 2 says: "Acceptable."
Lemongrab says: "UNACCEPTABLE!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Ugh, I can't watch this any more."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Excuse me, Finn."
Finn says: "Okay."
Finn says: "Let me know if you get lonely!"
Scene changes to a dark hallway. Princess Bubblegum looks at the walls, which have numerous cracks in them.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Man, this place is fallin' apart."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Huh?"
Music can be heard coming from far off. She opens a door and sees Badlemonnohope playing a harp.
Lemonhope says: "Oh, hi."
While Lemonhope is singing, the Lemongrabs fly to where the music is coming from.
Princess Bubblegum says: "What's your name, little boy?"
Lemonhope says: "My name is Badlemon Nohope, but you can call me Lemonhope."
The Lemongrabs burst into the room. Lemongrab breaks Lemonhope's harp and Lemongrab 2 turns on the light. Finn also enters.
Lemongrab says: "That noise!"
Lemongrab says: "That ugly lemon and his ugly noise!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hey!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "By all accounts, this is a brilliant and sensitive little boy."
Lemonhope says: "Thank you, mistress."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I'm taking Lemonhope back to the Candy Kingdom and enrolling him in a school for gifted children."
Lemongrab says: "No."
Lemongrab says: "He needs to stay here."
Princess Bubblegum says: "We need to free that darling boy."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Maybe there's something in the Candy Kingdom-Lemon Earldom treaty."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I don't think there is."
Finn says: "What about a prank?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn, what are you talking about?"
Finn says: "Mmm, I don't know."
Finn says: "Maybe if we prank Lemongrab, like, just right, they'll let us take that guy home?"
Finn says: "Yeah."
Finn says: "Prank."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I don't see how that's going to help us at all."
Finn says: "Pranks, like old times."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn, no, that's really—"
Princess Bubblegum says: "hmm..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "okay, yeah!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "We'll pull a prank."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Like old times."
Scene changes to kitchen. Finn opens a refrigerator and grabs some baking soda. Princess Bubblegum opens a cupboard and gets some vinegar. They put their items on a table with plates of yellow pudding.
Finn says: "Okay."
Finn says: "splode-cano."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Pretty smart, dude."
Finn blushes. They high five. Finn rubs his finger against Princess Bubblegum's.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hey!"
Scene switches to dining hall. A waiter puts the prank pudding in front of Lemongrab. He takes out glasses and bends over to read what the sign says. He removes the sign.
Lemongrab says: "Ah, my pud!"
Lemongrab says: "I'm going to enjoy this pud."
Lemongrab says: "I'm really looking forward to this pud."
Lemongrab says: "Oh, what is this?"
Finn says: "A-ha!"
Finn says: "Now give us back Lemonhope or prepare for mo' pranks!"
Lemongrab says: "Dungeon!"
Scene switches to a jail cell. Finn, Princess Bubblegum, and Lemonhope are inside of it.
Finn says: "Guess I must admit."
Finn says: "One would have a hard time claiming that to have been a pretty good plan."
Finn says: "Sorry, PB."
Princess Bubblegum says: "No, no."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Your plan was great, Finn."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Your flute."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Wow, now Lemonhope can play it and the Lemongrabs will come open the door to smash the flute and we can all escape!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Really great work, Finn."
Finn says: "Oh."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Here, Lemonhope."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Now will you play something for us?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Something beautiful?"
Lemonhope says: "Yes, mistress."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Let me help you with—"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Lemonhope!"
Lemongrabs enter the room where the cell is located, muttering happily and dancing. Princess Bubblegum and Finn stare in awe. Lemongrab 2 opens the cell door.
Lemongrab 2 says: "Come, one and all, and join the dance!"
Finn says: "Yike!"
Scene switches to Lemon Castle's courtyard. Finn and Princess Bubblegum runs from the entrance hall to the exit. The door is barred.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, no!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "We're locked in."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn, give me your phone, I'm calling Jake!"
Finn says: "What?"
Finn says: "No!"
Finn says: "Let's, um..."
Finn says: "we could do another prank!"
Finn says: "I brought some of your super-spicy hot sauce!"
Finn says: "Ah, so spice!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn, this is serious!"
Finn says: "But, my other plan worked."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn, your other plan failed, which was part of my plan, which worked."
Finn says: "Your plan?"
Finn says: "But I thought we were having fun together."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn, I have citizens who need me."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I can't always treat everything like a little boy game."
Finn says: "Oh."
Finn says: "Yeah, no, that's cool."
Lemonhope says: "Mistress!"
Lemonhope says: "Mistress, look!"
Lemonhope says: "Something scary is happening now!"
Lemongrab says: "Go forth!"
Lemongrab says: "Go forth now!"
Lemon Children says: "Sorry, sir."
Finn says: "Get to safety, princess!"
Finn says: "I'll hold 'em off."
Princess Bubblegum says: "What?"
Three-pronged Lemon Child says: "Sorry, sir!"
A gang of Lemon Children repeatedly hit Finn while apologizing. Princess Bubblegum grabs him out of the dogpile.
Finn says: "Wait, so do you not like any games, or just little boy games?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn..."
Lemongrab laughs. He then starts making retching noises as Lemongrab 2 emerges from his mouth.
Lemongrab 2 says: "Lemon brothers!"
Lemongrab 2 says: "Stop!"
Lemongrab 2 says: "Stop and listen!"
Lemongrab 2 says: "It has cost me much, but I have learned that lemon need not squeeze lemon to survive."
Lemongrab 2 says: "Lemonhope, go forth, grow strong, and return for us!"
Lemon Children chant "Hope" as they lift Finn, Princess Bubblegum, and Lemonhope out of the castle. Lemonhope looks back one last time at Lemongrab before Princess Bubblegum jumps off the wall with him in her arms.
Scene changes to Finn, Princess Bubblegum, and Lemonhope walking to the Candy Kingdom,.
Princess Bubblegum says: "You're going to love the Candy Kingdom, Lemonhope."
Princess Bubblegum says: "You're learn all about playing, and play-math, and learning all day long, and you'll never get yelled at."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Unless you drink my soda from out of the fridge."
Lemonhope says: "Yes, mistress."
Finn calls Jake.
Jake says: "Yo, man, how's it going?"
Jake says: "Terrible?"
Finn says: "Well, yeah, mostly."
Finn says: "But I think I learned something."
Jake says: "Go on."
Finn says: "Well, I'm thinkin' maybe age isn't just a number."
Finn says: "Maybe older people, like, really are different."
Finn says: "Y'know?"
Finn says: "Like, less fun inside."
Jake says: "So whatcha saying here?"
Finn says: "I'm saying I think I really sponked up."
Finn says: "I gotta patch things up with Flame Princess."
Jake says: "Oh, dang!"
Jake says: "Didn't you hear?"
Jake says: "She's got a new boyfriend already!"
Finn says: "What?!"
Finn says: "!"
Jake says: "She might, though."
Episode ends.