The episode begins in the Time Room, where a variety of people can be seen. After that, the camera zooms into Grob Gob Glob Grod asking a Nymph on a date.
Grob Gob Glob Grod says: "Denise, we have concluded you're an interesting and conventionally hot woman."
Grob Gob Glob Grod says: "My siblings and I would like to request a date with you."
Grob Gob Glob Grod says: "Are you available for a date with: Glob on Saturday, Grod on Friday, Grob on Thursday or Gob on Sunday?"
Grob Gob Glob Grod says: "Please select your dates now."
Denise looks unhappy; the take switches to the Cosmic Owl in the hot tub while Party God joins in.
Party God says: "Ahhh-rooo!"
Party God says: "That's nice."
Two cloud people throw toilet paper rolls on The Lich.
Cloud kid 1 says: "Eat it, Lich!"
Cloud Kid 2 says: "Eat it, Lich!"
Both says: "Woooh!"
The camera focuses on Jake who is eating cheese crackers at the snack table through a red cup, making loud eating noises. He dips his cup in the cheese cracker bowl for more but it is empty.
Jake says: "What?!"
Jake says: "!"
Jake says: "No more crackers?"
Jake says: "Eeeee."
Jake says: "Prismo!"
Jake says: "Prismo!"
Jake says: "Hey man, Hey!"
Prismo says: "Heeeey."
Jake says: "Bad news, you ran out of cheese crackers."
Prismo says: "What!"
Prismo says: "No."
Jake says: "Yeah, man, what are you going to do about it?"
Prismo says: "Jaaake."
Jake says: "Prismo, you make me happy, Prismo."
Prismo says: "Oh, stop."
Jake says: "I'm always smiling when I'm around you."
Jake says: "I just noticed that."
Jake says: "I always am."
Prismo says: "I'm always smiling when I'm around you, too."
Jake says: "This feels so good."
Peppermint Butler and Death walk to Jake and Prismo.
Both Prismo says: "Peppermint Butler!"
Jake says: "Peppermint Butler!"
Both Prismo says: "Death!"
Jake says: "Death!"
Jake says: "What's up."
Peppermint Butler says: "Hey umm, those guys are doing selfies on The Lich."
Peppermint Butler says: "Is that safe?"
Grob Gob Glob Grod says: "Definitely going to send these to Denise."
Prismo says: "Oh yeah, it's fine, he's harmless."
Peppermint Butler says: "Yeah, but why isn't he killing everyone in the room right now?"
Peppermint Butler says: "Controlling our minds, making us rip each others eyes out while we buttercup one another?"
Prismo says: "Well, The Lich's primary function is to cause mass death."
Prismo says: "And since he can't do that while he is trapped in my Time Room,  he's stuck in a standstill, like a machine without a purpose."
Peppermint Butler says: "I am so scared right now."
Death says: "Yikes."
Jake says: "Aw, don't worry, he ain't gonna hurt nobody."
Jake stretches his body over and puts his red cup on The Lich's head.
Jake says: "Ha!"
Jake says: "You got a cup on your head."
Jake says: "Ha-ha, you dingus!"
Jake says: "See, he's docile as a lamb."
Peppermint Butler says: "Hmm."
Peppermint Butler says: "Well, okay, then I guess I can go for a selfie, too."
Jake says: "Yeah, man, make your dreams come true."
Death and Peppermint Butler leave in laughter.
Jake says: "Oh, what time is it?"
Jake says: "Hey, yo, Clock Face, what time is it?!"
Jake says: "!"
Clock face looks over to Jake then checks his wrist watch.
Clock Face says: "It's 12:30."
Jake says: "Aw, boo to that!"
Jake says: "Yo, Prismo I gotta get back before Finn realizes I'm not home."
Jake says: "He gets worried if I stay out too long."
Prismo says: "All right, later, dude."
Jake says: "Laters."
Jake materializes to the treehouse. It is nighttime in the Land of Ooo. He walks up the stairs sneakingly. Finn is lying awake on his bed with seaweed on him. Jake tries to walk past Finn.
Finn says: "Jake, where were you?"
Jake says: "I was, umm, in the, uh..."
Jake says: "All right, man, I'm gonna come clean."
Jake says: "I've been doing a lot of partying at Prismo's lately."
The camera zooms in on Finn he is faced calmly, then zooms out.
Jake says: "Come on, man!"
Jake says: "I don't even take Lady up there."
The camera zooms in on Finn, still calm.
Finn says: "Dude, I found out my human dad is still alive."
Jake says: "Whoa, what?"
Finn says: "He's at some place called the Citadel."
Jake says: "Whoa."
Jake says: "Are you gonna go see him?"
Finn says: "I don't know."
Finn says: "Maybe I shouldn't."
Finn says: "Maybe there's a good reason why he didn't raise me."
Finn says: "Like, he was probably captured by thieves and kept a slave for years."
Jake says: "Yeah, or maybe he was ambushed in the wild and hid you so you wouldn't be captured, too."
Finn says: "Yeah, maybe it's better not to rock the boat."
Jake says: "But..."
Jake says: "it might also be good to find out if you have any genetic risk factors or allergies or whatever."
Jake says: "Plus, you get to see what you'll look as an old guy."
Jake says: "Could be cool."
Finn says: "Heh."
Finn says: "I guess it would be okay to meet him, just to know what I'll look like."
Jake says: "Cool."
Jake says: "Oh!"
Jake says: "If we hurry, Prismo might be still partying."
Jake gets the folded note from Prismo that was in his lower back. He presses the "-P." and it materializes Jake and Finn from the tree house. Back at the Time Room, the party is over; Prismo and the Cosmic Owl Owl are sitting with a game of Card Wars.
Cosmic Owl says: "Come on, just one more game."
Prismo says: "I don't know, mang, I was just gonna clean up and crash out."
Finn and Jake materialize into the Time Room.
Cosmic Owl says: "Oh, yeah!"
Cosmic Owl says: "More players!"
Prismo sighs.
Cosmic Owl says: "You guys wanna play some Card Wars?"
Jake says: "No."
Jake says: "Prismo, we need to get to the Citadel."
Prismo says: "Whoa!"
Prismo says: "You guys do not wanna go there."
Prismo says: "Seriously."
Prismo says: "The Citadel is a nasty-sized prison."
Prismo says: "Only the worst of the worst end up there."
Prismo says: "Real stink faces."
Prismo says: "These guys are the pits—"
Prismo says: "the armpits."
Finn says: "Hey, my dad must be like the warden there."
Jake says: "I know you can't grant Finn and me any more wishes."
Jake says: "So, we brought Shelby along to wish on our behalf."
Shelby is on Jake's hand.
Shelby says: "Hello."
Prismo says: "Oh, look at that, a little guy."
Shelby says: "So, I wish for..."
Shelby says: "a pony for my GF!"
Prismo says: "Done."
Jake says: "Shelby!"
Shelby says: "Sorry, dudes."
Shelby says: "My girl's been hounding me for a pony for months."
Shelby says: "I'm gonna get mad points for this."
Jake says: "Dang, Shelby."
Prismo says: "A wish wouldn't have worked anyway."
Prismo says: "You can only get to The Citadel committing a cosmic crime."
Jake says: "So, what do we gotta do?"
Jake says: "Rob a cosmic bank?"
Jake says: "Steal a space baby?"
Prismo says: "Listen, if you guys are serious about this,  all you gotta do is find a certain sleeping old man and bring him here."
Jake says: "That's it?"
Prismo says: "Yep."
Prismo says: "He's on one of those floating islands out there."
Prismo says: "It kind of looks like an upside-down duck."
Jake says: "That doesn't seem much of a crime."
Prismo says: "Yeah, but that's all there is to it."
Prismo says: "For now."
Jake says: "What?"
Prismo says: "Check it out!"
Prismo says: "I got gifts for you guys."
A regular penlight materializes in front of Finn and he takes it.
Finn says: "Ha, cool it's a penlight."
Finn says: "Jake, don't look directly me in the—"
Finn says: "Aaah!"
Jake says: "Oh, oh, sorry."
Jake turns his penlight to a softer setting like Finns. Both Jake and Finn make noises and point the pens at each other.
Jake says: "Come on, Finn let's go find this old guy."
Prismo says: "Oh!"
Prismo says: "One last thing, dudes."
Prismo says: "Okay, you can go now."
Finn and Jake leave the Time Room. Finn jumps on the islands while Jake stretches.
Finn says: "Pew!"
Finn says: "Pew!"
Jake stands with Finn on the island he is on.
Finn says: "You ever wonder what happened to make a place all wrecked up like this?"
Jake says: "Nope."
Jake says: "Hey, upside-down duck!"
The camera quickly pans to the island with the duck faced right side up and a little hut faced upside-down.
Jake says: "No, wait, it's right side up."
The island quickly turns around upside-down.
Jake says: "Aha!"
Jake turns into stairs that Finn runs up onto the island. They both go to the hut.
Jake says: "Hey!"
Jake says: "Get out here, old man!"
Finn says: "Dude, shh."
Finn says: "Don't wake him up."
Jake says: "Hey, get out here, old man."
Jake shrinks and grows in through the keyhole and let Finn in.
Finn says: "Pizow!"
Finn says: "Old man."
Jake stretches himself under the bed while saying "beep, beep, beep ..." Than the old man turns over and opens his mouth and a nightmare version of Prismo comes out of his mouth.
Jake says: "Finn, a little help?"
Finn shines his penlight on the nightmare version of Prismo and it breaks like glass. Another nightmare comes out of his mouth and Jake looks at his penlight.
Jake destroys the other nightmare version of Prismo and Finn climbs onto Jake.
Finn says: "Let's hoof it!"
Jake gets out of the hut and jumps from one island to the other. The old man starts to move in his sleep.
Finn says: "Jake, don't jostle the package."
Three nightmare versions of Prismo start to come out of the old mans mouth and start to chase than try to attack Finn making screeches.
Finn says: "Yahct!"
Finn says: "There's too many of them!"
Jake says: "Let's see here."
Jake looks at his penlight and the dial says "flashlight" and "supernova" and he sets it to supernova. Soon they are covered in a black ball then a bright flash of light appears destroying all the nightmare versions of Prismo and they arrive to the Time room.
Prismo says: "Oh, hey, your back."
Jake says: "Dude's got serious night terrors."
Finn says: "What now, Prismo?"
Prismo looks at the old man for a couple beats.
Prismo says: "Okay, wake him up."
Both Finn says: "What?!"
Jake says: "What?!"
Both Finn says: "!"
Jake says: "!"
Prismo says: "Yeah,  I just wanted one last look at myself."
Finn says: "Wait, this old man is you?"
Prismo says: "That's right: Prismo is nothing than dream of a wrinkly old man."
Prismo says: "Man, I've gotten a lot hairier, but also balder?"
Prismo says: "Tell me how that makes any sense."
Prismo says: "I'm like a big ol' hairy raisin."
Jake says: "So, wait, what happens to him when we wake him up?"
Prismo says: "Poof!"
Prismo says: "I'm a goner."
Prismo says: "Thus ends mighty Prismo."
Jake says: "Prismo."
Prismo says: "Killing a wish master is a cosmic crime."
Prismo says: "Once I'm dead, the guardian will show up and take you to The Citadel."
Prismo says: "Ah, don't worry."
Prismo says: "As soon as my corporeal body falls back asleep again,  I'll be back."
Jake says: "You sure about this?"
Prismo says: "Hold on, let me take one last look around."
The camera pans around the room showing, left to right, old man Prismo in his bed, The Lich, Finn, Jake, a puddle, and Christmas lights lingering on the ceiling than the camera zooms in on Prismo.
Prismo says: "Huh, thought I'd own more stuff by now."
Prismo says: "Okay, let's do it!"
Jake says: "Still feels like a bad idea, man."
Prismo says: "Pssh!"
Prismo says: "What could go wrong?"
The Lich looks up, smacks away Finn and Jake. Then he picks up old man Prismo.
The Lich says: "Wake up."
The Lich shakes old man Prismo awake.
Prismo says: "Wa—"
Prismo says: "Wait, I've changed my mind—"
Prismo is off from the walls—his dream self has died.
Jake says: "Prismo, don't worry!"
Jake says: "I'll put the old man to sleep and get you back!"
Finn says: "Dude!"
Finn says: "That means The Lich jacked our entry into The Citadel."
Jake says: "Aw, no man, how are you gonna see your dad?!"
Jake says: "!"
Old man Prismo says: "Hello?"
Old man Prismo says: "Who are you guys?"
Old man Prismo says: "Could any of you strangers tell me how to go home?"
Old man Prismo says: "I'm done with my nap."
Jake says: "Old man Prismo."
The Lich stares at old man Prismo who he is still holding.
Old man Prismo says: "I just woke up from my nap, but I'm ready to go back to bed."
Old man Prismo says: "I'd like to go home and take a nap."
Jake says: "No, old man Prismo, don't talk to him."
The Lich holds Old man Prismo over him.
Old man Prismo says: "Are you my son?"
The Lich exhales a deadly black gas into old man Prismo's nostrils. Old man Prismo gasps and, in a grotesque display of gut-wrenching horror, turns to ash, undone by the Lich's unholy death magick. Thus ends mighty Prismo indeed.
Jake says: "Old man Prismo!"
Jake says: "No!"
Enraged by the Lich taking Prismo's life, Jake stretches into a big buff version of himself. The Lich has done it now...
LICH!! I'M GONNA KILL YOU!!!
He starts punching his knuckles in a berserker rage. The Lich, proud of the life he has recently taken, starts to laugh evilly and mockingly. The cosmic crime—murdering a Wishmaster—committed, a space hole materializes like a television flickering on in the Time room, beyond it a Guardian from the Citadel, which, with a closed-eyed, emotionless face, does its duty as jailer and warden as it fires off its forehead crystallizer beam to cage the Lich in a frozen crystal, cutting off his laughter. Such is the justice of the Cosmic Guard. Jake stretches back to his normal state. The Guardian grabs the crystallized Lich, bound for the Citadel to rot in crystallostasis for the rest of eternity.
Finn says: "Oh, dang!"
Finn says: "I think they're going to the Citadel!"
Finn says: "I'M COMING, DADDEEEEEEE!"
And with that, Finn charges full speed towards the recently crystalized Lich and therefore the space hole leading to the Citadel which, in turn, leads to his father, Mr. Mertens. The moment of truth—the moment the human boy adventurer had waited for all his life—has come. It's now or never for Finn...