Finn and Jake are walking through a forest at night.
Finn says: "And when that salsa cloud had you by the tail..."
Finn says: "?"
Jake says: "Ha ha, yeah."
Jake says: "And I swung him around into that golden cactus?"
Finn says: "Man, that was algebraic."
Jake says: "Yeah, man, that adventure was tight."
Finn says: "Yeah."
Jake says: "I can't wait to get back home, though."
Finn says: "Yeah, me, too!"
Jake says: "I need some sleep—"
Finn says: "I'm gonna play some Battle Wars with Neptr on BMO for an hour, then work on that flier for PB's laser recital and catch up on my correspondence with my pen pal Danny Gladiolas from over in Maryville."
Finn says: "And then next what I'm gonna do is I'm—"
Finn says: "whoop!"
Jake says: "Finn?"
Jake says: "Oh..."
Finn wakes up to the sound of marching. He opens his eyes to see a line of Food Boys carrying empty trays.
Finn says: "What the..."
Finn says: "?"
Finn walks to the edge of the huge chair he's standing on and looks out at the room. Several food boys are seen carrying food, preparing food, and tending to a cuckoo clock.
Finn says: "Man, where's this supposed to be?"
Chomping and munching can be heard. Finn turns to look for the source of the sound. A Huge King is being fed by the tiny food boys.
Finn says: "Uh, excuse me?"
Finn says: "Sir?"
Huge King says: "Hmm?"
Huge King says: "Oh!"
Huge King says: "You're awake!"
Huge King says: "Oh, that's wonderful!"
Finn says: "Oh, thanks."
Finn says: "Hey, where am I, anyway?"
Huge King says: "Why, this is the famed Kingdom of Huge, of course."
Huge King says: "Heh."
Huge King says: "You fell through that crack in my ceiling and landed in a normal-sized pie."
Finn says: "Mm-hmm."
Finn says: "Well, my friend up top is probs pretty worried about me, so I'd best get going."
Finn says: "Can you give me a boost back up to that crack or whatever?"
Huge King says: "Oh-ho-ho!"
Huge King says: "No, no, no."
Huge King says: "Don't be silly, child."
Huge King says: "Your friend must be on his way to find you right now."
Huge King says: "You should wait for him here, or you could miss each other."
Finn says: "Hmm."
Finn says: "I guess that does make sense."
Huge King says: "Of course!"
Huge King says: "Besides, you're just in time to witness the chiming of my wondrous clock!"
Huge King says: "It's set to do its chiming in merely an hour's time!"
The clock bears the inscription "IN TOIL WE KRIMBER.".
Finn says: ""Krimber"?"
Huge King says: "Come!"
Huge King says: "Food boys!"
Huge King says: "Shower our guest with the kindnesses of Huge!"
Huge King says: "We will await the clock's chiming in style and comfort."
Finn sits and a food boy presents him with a cake. He grabs a bit and starts to eat it.
Huge King says: "Dig in, child!"
Huge King says: "There's always more to come!"
The food boy moves on, and another presents Finn with a plate of apple scruffs.
Finn says: "Mmm."
Finn says: "Oh!"
Finn says: "Apple scruffs!"
Huge King says: "Just wait 'till you see my clock!"
Jake wakes up to see a bear with a candle on his head and bells strung around him whistling and playing cards Freecell with himself on a platform suspended by what appear to be parachutes. Close-up on a glass jar of water with a metal ladle in it, followed by the bear's card game with a green book titled "Dividing The Day" next to it.
Bear says: "Ahh, good, you're awake."
Bear says: "Good good good good good."
Bear says: "How you feelin'?"
Jake says: "Ohh..."
Jake says: "My--my cabbage aches a little..."
Jake says: "What happened?"
Bear says: "Well, here I was, playing some Freecell, and then, wow!"
Bear says: "You fell down the hole, bounced off parachute #2, and landed on three ol' walnuts."
Jake says: "Parachute?"
Jake says: "Hole?"
Jake says: "Walnuts?"
Jake says: "Fell down, wait!"
Jake says: "Thanks for your help, buddy, but I gotta go."
Bear says: "What's your hurry?"
Jake says: "My friend's still up top."
Jake says: "He could be looking for me."
Jake says: "Or, he could be in trouble and every second I'm down here I'm falling further away."
Jake says: "I gotta get back."
Bear says: "Uhhh, I think that's a pretty bad idea."
Bear says: "You were unconscious while you were falling, remember?"
Bear says: "So you mighta been falling for weeks, or even months."
Bear says: "Trust me, it's possible."
Bear says: "This is a very deep hole."
Bear says: "If you try to climb out, you could run out of food."
Jake says: "But, I've got to do something."
Bear says: "I feel like you should probably not starve to death, so that when your friend comes looking, you're still alive."
Jake says: "Mmm."
Jake says: "You know I think you're right!"
Jake says: "Finn is a pretty heroic kid, I gotta admit."
Jake says: "He'll probably be here in half a gif."
Bear says: "Oh, good, good."
Bear says: "Well 'till then, please, make yourself at home."
Bear says: "Here,  have a walnut."
Jake says: "Thanks, man."
Jake says: "I'm Jake, by the way."
Seven says: "Hi, Jake."
Seven says: "I'm Seven-seven-one-eight."
Seven says: "Strange name, I know, but I'm pretty sure."
Seven says: "See, I carved it in the floor when I first got down here so I wouldn't forget."
He points out the inscription. It reads "7718" from Seven's perspective, but looks like "BILL" from Jake's.
But you can call me Seven for short.
Back in the Huge Kingdom the clock begins to chime when a bronze hunter shoots an arrow into a bronze turkey.
Huge King says: "Oh!"
Huge King says: "Oh!"
Huge King says: "So marvelous!"
The food boys have stopped moving to watch. The clock spins so that the turkey and hunter disappear through one door, and out of the other comes a pair of figures who each hammer an anvil in turn.
Huge King says: "Ooh-hoo-hoo!"
Huge King says: "Ah-ha-ha!"
The clock turns again, and in place of the anvil comes a woman holding her hands over her ears while two infants cry and bounce on either side of her.
Huge King says: "Oh."
Huge King says: "Oh my, oh my."
Finn says: "Well, that was actually pretty cool, but I should probably get going."
Huge King says: "Wh-a-a-a-at?!"
Huge King says: "!"
Huge King says: "But, how can you leave now?"
Huge King says: "The clock is set to chime again in merely an hour's time!"
Finn says: "I feel like Jake should've been here by now."
Finn says: "I mean, what if he's lost, or--or hurt?"
Huge King says: "But..."
Huge King says: "this is not the Huge Kingdom Way."
Finn says: "Sorry man."
Finn says: "I've got my mind made up."
Finn says: "Thanks for the food, though!"
Huge King says: "Food boys!"
Huge King says: "Seize the child!"
The food boys obey, grabbing Finn off of the ladder while he yells in protest. They drag him back onto the chair. Finn's face turns bright red.
Huge King says: "I'm sorry son, but this is for your own good."
Huge King says: "If you just stay put, all you need will come to you in time, like it has unto me."
Huge King says: "But, you must sit, you must wait."
A food boy runs up to Finn and flings a turkey at him from his serving tray. The line continues to move.
Huge King says: "Soon you will see, my boy!"
Huge King says: "All good things come to those who wait."
The clock continues to tick on the far side of the room.
Whistling can be heard as a horse-drawn wagon comes into view, moving down a trail in the forest. The wagon is being driven by Seven, who wears nothing.
Seven says: "It started out as a day like any other."
Seven says: "I was a door-to-door sales bear specializing in candles and playing cards, making my way to the Candy Kingdom like I'd done 200 times before."
The horse shivers, alarmed by something unseen. It shakes its head and starts into a full run.
Seven says: "I guess my horse got stung by a bee or something, 'cause all of a sudden he just skronked the math out."
Seven says: "We went off-road and I got thrown back into my wagon."
The cart bounces, and Seven is thrown into the wagon as he said. A moment later he peeks out of the stopped wagon. The entire vehicle is stuck in the middle of a hole in the ground. The horse looks in, blushing. The wagon sinks at a steady rate.
Seven says: "When the shaking stopped I crawled out, only to find I was wedged deep in a hole and sinking fast."
Seven says: "I had just enough time to rig up a parachute..."
He pulls the cover off of the wagon frame and ties the ends just before the wagon falls freely into the hole. The horse in the opening shrink above him.
Seven says: "..."
Seven says: "And I've been falling ever since."
Seven says: "Sometimes walnuts would fall into the hole, and sometimes rain."
A walnut falls onto Seven's head. Later he turns his head up into the rain, eyes closed.
Seven says: "And I guess that was enough."
Jake says: "Mm."
Jake says: "So how did you pass the time?"
Seven says: "Well, for a long time I just waited to be rescued."
Seven says: "But that was crazy boring."
Seven says: "So then I got really into Freecell and things got a lot better."
Jake says: "Freecell?"
Seven says: "Yeah, it's like Solitaire but there's very few unsolvable shuffles."
Jake says: "Mm."
Seven says: "It's a great game, great game."
Seven says: "I really love it."
Seven says: "But it's nice, you know, to have someone I can play Freecell alongside of."
Jake says: "Yeah, man."
Jake says: "You know, also, I know some other card games we could play."
Jake says: "You know, together."
Seven says: "I forgot there were games like that!"
Both laugh, Seven falling backwards and kicking his legs in the air.
Huge King says: "And then, there was another time--This was several years back--The clock chimed early, and I thought, "oh boy, here we go."
Huge King says: "" But it turned out, one of the food boys had simply gotten wedged under..."
Huge King says: "Finn!"
Finn, his tongue sticking out while he thought hard until now, turns to Huge King.
Finn says: "Huh?"
Huge King says: "Are you listening?!"
Huge King says: "!"
Finn says: "Of course."
Finn says: "Food boy in the clock."
Huge King says: "Huh."
Huge King says: "Yes."
Huge King says: "Anyway, as I was saying, one of the food boys had gotten himself wedged in the..."
Finn says: "All right buddy, let's run through this again."
Finn says: "'Cause we're only gonna get one sht."
The air ripples as we move to Finn's imagined future. The clock strikes midnight and begins to chime.
Finn says: "When the clock strikes 12, I beckon kindly to yonder food boys."
Finn says: "Hey, you guys like clean jokes?"
The pair of food boys come closer to listen. One is carrying cake on a tray, which Finn bites and spits into each of the food boys' mouths.
Finn says: "Then chuck some delicious food in their mouths."
Finn says: "Having never before known generosity, they'll immediately make me their leader and undo my spaghetti."
The food boys untie Finn and stand back. He frees his arms victoriously.
Finn says: "Ha ha!"
Finn says: "Then, with a perfectly timed serving tray, I'll deflect the hunter bot's brass arrow."
Finn throws a tray like a frizbee at the clock. It flies between the hunter and turkey at the right moment so that the arrow is deflected.
Finn says: "Swift but delicate, the arrow will gain heft via the chandelier bat's filched asparagus."
A bat carrying an asparagus stalk much bigger than itself drops the vegetable when the brass arrow pierces it. The arrow continues to fly with the asparagus held by its shaft. Back in the present, Finn looks focused on his thoughts.
Finn says: "Meanwhile, the serving tray from before has entered phase two, sending Ken Mangosteen careening into the clean silverware."
In Finn's imagination the serving tray sweeps under Ken's feet and continues, sending him into a pile of silverware. A spoon lands in front of Finn's chair, and he does a flip and lands upright on the end of its stem.
Finn says: "But also, the asparagus arrow has caused a domino thing of food to happen, culminating in a huge lemon falling."
The asparagus and arrow hit a box of dehydrated mashed potatoes, knocking it back and causing the mentioned domino effect. The lemon at the end of the shelf falls to land on the head of the spoon, catapulting Finn into the air and through the hole in the ceiling. He spins gracefull in the air, surrounded by a sparkling bubble effect.
Finn says: "It's not a perfect plan, but with a little luck, I think it's got a good chance."
The clock chimes in the present now, and Finn smiles.
Finn says: "Hey, you guys like clean jokes?"
The food boys come over as planned. Finn spits cake into their mouths and they untie him.
Finn says: "Ha ha!"
Huge King says: "What the--Food boys, sieze the child!"
Finn runs and jumps over his chair's armrest onto the ground with a grunt. He hurries to a ladder as the food boys on the floor chase him.
Huge King says: "Finn?!"
Huge King says: "!"
Huge King says: "Finn!"
Huge King says: "There's nowhere to run, Finn."
Huge King says: "You know you'll never escape."
Finn says: "I'm gonna murder your stupid clock, you psycho!"
The chandelier bat flies into Finn with the asparagus stalk. He pushes them away.
Huge King says: "No!"
Finn says: "Yup!"
Huge King growls and struggles to get out of his chair. It takes a supreme effort, but he finally breaks free with a grunt and, panting, races across the room to stop Finn.
Finn is on the shelf still, fighting four food boys. He throws one off of the shelf before he notices Huge King's approach. Huge King tries to grab Finn, but Finn jumps from the shelf onto another ladder before he can.
Huge King then puts a foot down on one of the food boys and slips. He shouts as he falls onto his back with an impact that shakes the whole room. Finn sees this, then starts to climb the ladder.
He gasps as three food boys climb down the same ladder in his direction. The closest one hisses. Finn jumps and lands back on the ladder hard, breaking it in half. The food boys fall and Finn lands on his hands and knees on the shelf.
Huge King gets up behind Finn, growling. Finn gets to his feet and runs across the remainder of the bookshelf with Huge King in pursuit, breathing hard. Huge King stops to catch his breath, one hand on his knee and the other on his chest.
Finn jumps from the shelf onto the vent hood over the stove. The clock hangs from the front of the hood. Huge King can only watch, panting and coughing, as Finn makes his way across the hood and slides back behind the clock.
Wedged in the small space between the clock and the hood, Finn grunts until he can kick his legs out, causing the clock to fall. His hands scrape as he catches the hood to keep from falling himself.
Huge King says: "Nooooo!"
The clock hits a pot on the stove as it falls in slow motion, knocking it over and sending water spilling out over the stovetop. Huge King watches in horror as the clock hits the floor, breaking apart in an explosion of gears and springs. The water puts out the fires on all of the stove.
Above the vent hood the chimney rises a way, then turns into an unwalled tunnel. Far above Jake, now wearing a card skirt and crown like Seven's, beat-boxes while Seven raps.
The parachutes begin to fall, slowly at first.
Seven says: "♪Warm scarves, To the hot house, Take your..."
Seven says: "socks off..."
The platform falls quickly now. Jake and Seven scream as they fall with the platform down through the vent hood, landing on the water-covered surface of the stove. Jake groans and sits up, rubbing his head. Finn is gripped in Huge King's giant hand.
Finn says: "Jake!"
Jake says: "Oh!"
Jake says: "Hey, Finn!"
Jake says: "Who's your new friend?"
Finn says: "He's not my friend, he's bad!"
Finn says: "He kidnapped the heck out of me!"
Jake says: "Why you..."
Huge King says: "What are you gonna do about it?"
Huge King says: "Maybe I'll go ahead and kidnap you t--!"
He's cut off as Jake stretches his fist, making it gigantic and punching Huge King in the face. Finn laughs as he falls through the air, still in Huge King's hand.
Finn says: "Whoo!"
In the daylight above ground, Finn and Seven ride on Jake's back out of the forest. Seven is no longer wearing his cards, but still wears a bell as a necklace. He turns his face to the sun and sighs happily.
Finn says: "Hey, Seven."
Finn says: "Now that you're out of that hole, what's the first thing you want to do?"
Seven says: "Hmm..."
Seven says: "Oh!"
Seven says: "I want a giant flipping hot dog."
Seven says: "Mmm!"
Finn says: "Yeugh."
Finn says: "Don't you know those things are made out of, like, the grossest junk?"
Seven says: "Man, I don't give a toot!"
Episode ends.