The episode begins in the Grass Lands. Finn is pushing a truck and sings "Oh, It's Just My Luck!" He arrives at the Tree Fort and honks the truck's horn.
Finn says: "JAKE, WAKE UP!"
Finn says: "I FOUND A TRUCK!"
Jake says: "What?"
BMO says: "What's happening?"
Jake says: "Whoa!"
Finn says: "I found it in the woods."
Finn says: "I named it "Hot Daniel."
Finn says: "" Anyway, I figured we could do some pretty sick stuff with it."
Jake says: "Oh, yeah?"
Jake says: "Like what?"
Finn says: "Hmm."
Finn says: "I don't know."
Finn says: "Launch it off some ramps, maybe get it going thirty miles per hour, crank the wheel into a gnar right-hander, spray dirt everywhere like a big hurkin' dirt wave?"
Jake says: "Yeah, buddy!"
Jake says: "Nice!"
Jake says: "Let's crank this beast up."
Finn says: "Can't—"
Finn says: "engine's busted, I think."
Jake says: "Nuts."
Jake says: "BMO, you know anything about cars?"
BMO's screen displays a flashlight waving back and forth above a progress bar labeled "SEARCHING." When the search completes, a buzzer sounds and "∅ RESULTS RETURNED" is displayed.
BMO says: "Nope."
Finn says: "Hmm."
Finn says: "Maybe..."
Finn says: "Ice King, you know anything about cars?"
Ice King says: "Nope."
Ice King says: "Not a car guy—"
Ice King says: "too confusing."
Ice King says: "Got better things to do with my life."
Finn says: "Hmm."
Jake says: "Wait..."
Jake says: "I know someone who's good with mechanics."
Scene changes to Banana Man running toward them while carrying a radio and a six-pack.
Banana Man says: "Hey!"
Banana Man says: "Hey, guys!"
Banana Man says: "Hi!"
Jake says: "Hey, Banana Man."
Banana Man says: "Wow!"
Banana Man says: "I haven't seen you fellas since you destroyed my home, my land, and my rocket."
Finn says: "Aw, jeez, yeah."
Finn says: "Sorry, Banana Man—"
Finn says: "just sorta happened."
Banana Man says: "Don't worry about it!"
Banana Man says: "Feh!"
Banana Man says: "Bygones!"
Banana Man says: "I'm just excited you called me over."
Banana Man says: "We're neighbors."
Banana Man says: "We should help each other out."
Banana Man says: "I got the soda and the jams."
Finn says: "Cool!"
Jake says: "Cool!"
 says: "Cool!"
BMO says: "Cool!"
Banana Man says: "I see the problem."
Banana Man says: "The top of your engine is gone, specifically, the cylinder head."
Finn says: "Hm."
Finn says: "Okay."
Finn says: "That word sounds cool..."
Finn says: "but what does it mean?"
Banana Man says: "Let me explain."
Banana Man says: "Think of the cylinder head as an airtight lid to your engine that regulates air, fuel, and exhaust."
Finn says: "Okay."
Finn says: "Cool."
Finn says: "Informative."
Finn says: "What is he pointing at?"
Banana Man says: "Now this lid is important because it works to get fuel into your engine."
Banana Man says: "You see, your engine has cylinders, and these cylinders are pistons."
Banana Man says: "When the piston in the cylinder moves down, it creates a vacuum, pulling in fuel from the intake."
BMO says: "You mean an air-fuel mixture?"
Banana Man says: "That's right, BMO."
Banana Man says: "Have a gold star, dear."
BMO says: "Yay!"
BMO says: "BMO is so pretty and smart!"
Banana Man says: "Then the piston returns to the top, compressing the air-fuel mixture."
Banana Man says: "Then a spark plug fires off, creating an explosion, driving the piston back down, powering the engine."
Finn says: "Sweet."
Finn says: "So where's the cylinder head, then?"
Banana Man says: "Hmm."
Banana Man says: "Well, sometimes people store parts they're working on in the car."
Banana Man says: "Found it."
Finn says: "Yeah!"
Finn says: "Drive time!"
Banana Man says: "Well..."
Banana Man says: "n-not quite."
Banana Man says: "We don't know why they took the cylinder head off."
Banana Man says: "Uh, it could be cracked, the gasket head could be warped, the rod bearings could have damage from water—"
Banana Man says: "you see, that's the cool thing about cars."
Banana Man says: "One tiny little thing messes everything else up so nothing works!"
Banana Man says: "So it's up to us to figure it out!"
Finn says: "Cool."
Jake says: "Yeah, alright."
Banana Man places his radio on top of the truck and turns it on. A montage begins while "Hanging Out Forever" plays, and the four fix various parts of the truck. They watch the sunset while drinking soda.
Jake says: "Whoo."
Jake says: "I'm bushed."
Jake says: "You guys wanna pick this up again in the mornin'?"
Finn says: "Sure."
Banana Man says: "Sounds good!"
BMO says: "Not BMO."
BMO says: "This grease monkey's torqued up on automotive styles."
BMO says: "boyee!"
Finn says: "Okay, BMO."
Finn says: "Good night, Banana Man."
Banana Man says: "Have a good evening, gents."
The three walk off as BMO replaces its batteries and gets out a blowtorch and mask.
BMO says: "Time for the night shift."
Starchie says: "It's ten past the hour, and this is Graveyard Shift, hosted by me, Starchie the Gravedigger, your weekly five-hour dose of all the strange haints, phantasmagoria, and phenomena I see working in the Candy Kingdom Graveyard."
Starchie says: "Hello, caller."
Starchie says: "You're on the Graveyard Shift."
Banana Guard says: "What?"
Banana Guard says: "Am I—"
Banana Guard says: "oh, hi!"
Banana Guard says: "Um, longtime listener, first-time caller."
Banana Guard says: "So, uh, I think Princess Bubblegum has been replaced by, like, a lizard person."
BMO says: "A lizard?"
Banana Guard says: "Yeah, a lizard."
Banana Guard says: "I love your show."
Starchie says: "Oh, Starchie is very interested in this topic."
Starchie says: "What led you to this discovery, caller?"
BMO says: "They are wrong!"
BMO says: "You look more like a hippo than a lizard."
Banana Guard says: "Well, um, my friend is a very highly-placed official in the Candy Kingdom, and I've noticed—"
Banana Man says: "Hi, BMO."
BMO says: "Stay back, lizard!"
Banana Man says: "Sorry, BMO."
Banana Man says: "I-I didn't mean to startle you."
Banana Man says: "I couldn't sleep."
Banana Man says: "I kept thinking about the truck..."
Banana Man says: "and biodiesel!"
Banana Man says: "Oh, and I figured out what's wrong with the engine block."
Banana Man says: "So what are you working on?"
BMO says: "Aerodynamics."
Banana Man says: "Swe-e-e-et!"
Banana Man says: "You know, it's been really nice hanging with you fellas and working on the car."
Banana Man says: "It gets a little lonely at my space-age banana dome."
BMO says: "You don't have a girlfriend?"
Banana Man says: "No."
Banana Man says: "I-I don't want to be alone, but..."
Banana Man says: "I've gotten pretty good at it."
Banana Man says: "I putter around the house, keeping busy with my little projects."
Banana Man says: "But it would be nice to find someone."
BMO puts the star sticker on Banana Man's forehead.
Starchie says: "Hold up."
Starchie says: "Princess?"
Starchie says: "Is that you?"
Starchie says: "Ah, spooky."
BMO and Banana Man look up at the stars, and the scene changes to morning with Banana Man sleeping in the truck. Finn arrives with some coffee.
Finn says: "Yo, BMO."
Finn says: "Coffee."
BMO says: "Thank you."
Finn says: "Car looks nice, BMO."
Jake says: "Yeah."
Banana Man says: "Uh!"
Banana Man says: "Ah!"
Banana Man says: "I fixed it!"
Banana Man says: "Are we best friends yet?!"
Banana Man says: "!"
Banana Man says: "Oh."
Banana Man says: "Oh, hey."
Banana Man says: "I-I fixed it."
Finn says: "N-i-i-i-i-i-ice."
Banana Man says: "I discovered the cylinder head was warped so I went to the junkyard and got a new one."
Banana Man says: "Bingo."
Finn says: "Whoo."
Another montage begins while the "Manlorette Party" song plays, and the four continue working on the truck. They go to the Breakfast Kingdom to get some cooking grease, pour it into a jug with some milk, and Jake shakes it.
Jake says: "Biodiesel."
They pour the fuel into the tank, take off the roof of the truck, and Jake puts some plants in the bed as the song ends. Banana Man takes a deep, nervous breath, puts the key into ignition, turns it, and pushes a red button. The engine turns over, and the truck spits out some black smoke from the exhaust pipe.
Finn says: "Yeah!"
Jake says: "Yeah!"
BMO says: "Yeah!"
Banana Man says: "Yeah!"
They drive toward the Candy Kingdom while going off a ramp and making "dirt waves.".
Finn says: "Awesome!"
Banana Man says: "She's beautiful."
Jake says: "Well, then go over and talk to her."
BMO says: "Yeah, come on, Banana Man!"
BMO says: "You're lonely!"
Banana Man says: "Oh, no, that's okay."
Banana Man says: "Having someone to love takes up time I could use to work on stuff."
Jake says: "That's the craziest thing I ever heard."
Jake says: "Pardon me, miss."
Jake says: "My friend here is super smart, and he rebuilt this truck."
BMO says: "He's very smart and very single!"
Female Banana Guard says: "Okay..."
Jake says: "Anyway, his name is Banana Man."
Jake says: "If you like what you see, give him a call."
They drive into the Candy Kingdom while spraying dirt in the guard's face.
They stop to let a mob of Candy People chasing Princess Bubblegum pass by.
Princess Bubblegum says: "He-e-e-elp m-e-e-e-e-e-e!"
Finn says: "We gotta save Bubblegum!"
BMO says: "No, Finn!"
BMO says: "She's a lizard!"
Jake says: "You gotta stop listening to all those conspiracy shows."
Jake says: "They twist up your noodle so you can't tell what's real."
They follow the mob. Jake stretches his arms in front of the truck and separates the crowd so they can drive through.
Finn says: "Look, there she is!"
Jake says: "You want some tea?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Sure!"
The teapot whistles, and Jake pours some tea.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Thanks, Jake."
Finn says: "So, what's up with the angry mob, PB?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, they think I've been replaced with an evil lizard replicant."
Princess Bubblegum says: "It's sheer nonsense."
BMO says: "Eat this bug!"
Jake pushes the lizard out of the back of the truck.
Finn says: "Punch it, 'Nana Man!"
Banana Man floors the gas pedal. Finn stands on the hood of the car as it approaches the lizard. He takes off Banana Man's peel and throws it under the front wheel of the truck, causing it to spin rapidly. The truck hits a ramp and launches toward the lizard as the four eject from the truck. Jake grabs the others and transforms into a ball to protect them.
Princess Bubblegum says: "What the fridge?"
The flaming remains of the truck fall toward her, but she gets out of the way. Jake unfolds himself as a crowd a Candy People surround them and murmur appreciatively.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn, Jake!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Reptilian synthoid replicants are trying to take over the kingdom!"
Finn says: "Yeah."
Finn says: "We know."
BMO says: "Kill it!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "No, no!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I'm the real one!"
BMO says: "Hmm..."
Female Banana Guard says: "Hey, speedy."
Female Banana Guard says: "You're comin' with me."
Banana Man says: "What?"
Banana Man says: "Really?"
Female Banana Guard says: "Mm-hmm..."
Female Banana Guard says: "'cause you ain't got enough peel on that 'nanner!"
Female Banana Guard says: "You're under arrest for public indecency!"
Scene changes to Banana Man, in cuffs, being taken away. The female Banana Guard gooses him. Finn, Jake, and Princess Bubblegum wave goodbye.
Jake says: "Bye, Banana Man!"
BMO says: "It's not fair!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "It's okay, BMO."
Princess Bubblegum says: "It's a very mild offense."
BMO says: "It's not like that!"
BMO says: "Hot Daniel is dead!"
Finn and Jake close their eyes and give thumbs up.
Episode ends.