The episode starts out in the Tree Fort. Finn is squatting by a couch, looking around himself.
Finn says: "Jake?"
Finn says: "BMO?"
He lifts a couch cushion and reveals a wad of gum stuck to the bottom of it; he pulls it off and starts to cuddle with it on the couch; Jake and BMO sneak out from behind the couch.
Jake says: "Hey, man, what you doing?!"
Jake says: "!"
Finn says: "Dude!"
Jake says: "Don't worry, bro."
Jake says: "We won't tell anyone about the private time you spend with your wad of Princess Bubblegum's hair."
Finn says: "You guys knew?"
Jake says: "Finn, we're roommates."
Jake says: "Which is why I'm gonna share my beloved keepsake with you."
He goes and lifts up a floorboard and pulls out a blanket.
Jake says: "Babadadaa!"
Jake says: "My old baby blanket."
Suddenly a door unfolds in the side of the room and a Door Lord pops outs.
Door Lord says: "Hmmm!"
Door Lord says: "Hmmhmmhmmhmm!"
Finn says: "Who are you?"
Door Lord says: "Hmm hmm hmm hmm!"
The Door Lord knocks over Jake and takes his baby blanket; Finn puts up his fists.
Door Lord says: "Hmmhmmhmm."
Door Lord takes Finn's wad of Princess Bubblegum's hair and BMO's controller.
BMO says: "Noooo!"
Door Lord throws a key and another door unfolds, which he jumps through.
Door Lord says: "Hmmhmm!"
Finn says: "Come on!"
They jump through the door.
A candy child is playing with a toy train when the Door Lord pops in and steals it, with Finn and company in hot pursuit.
Finn says: "I'll get your kid back, toy!"
Door Lord says: "Hmmhmmph!"
Door Lord throws a key high in the air; it unfolds a door in midair and he jumps through it.
Jake says: "That guy must do crazy squats."
Finn and company enter through the door, and Princess Bubblegum is chasing the Door Lord through her castle when he opens another door and escapes.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Get back here, you thieving Door Lord!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "You butt!"
Finn says: "Come on, Bubblegum!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn?"
They enter Marceline's kitchen where sound of a conflict from her living room is heard; Marceline is fighting the Door Lord with her Ax bass then he opens another door and sunshine comes through it.
Marceline hisses and falls on the ground.
Door Lord jumps through the door.
Finn says: "Marceline!"
Finn says: "Are you okay?!"
Finn says: "!"
Marceline says: "Yeah."
Finn says: "Don't worry."
Finn says: "We'll get him."
They go through the door and end up in Red Rock Pass; they chase the Door Lord until he pulls out another key and opens a giant gateway that closes before the group can enter it.
Finn says: "No!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "It's the door of the Door Lord, Finn."
Princess Bubblegum says: "We used to lock them up, but they kept breaking out."
Princess Bubblegum says: "'Cause they're Door Lords."
Marceline says: "They broke out because you let them live."
Finn says: "Hmm?"
Finn says: "The door said it will open for genuine band."
Finn says: "Let's try and music this door open as a quintet."
Jake says: "Can I be the jerk it the band?"
Jake says: "'Cause that's an important part of a band's success."
Jake says: "Hmph."
Marceline says: "I know how to get through this door."
Marceline says: "We're gonna lay down a chill jam."
Finn says: "Hey."
Finn says: "Yeah, yeah, yeah!"
Marceline says: "Just keep it cool."
Marceline says: "Got that princess?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Hmph."
BMO says: "Ohh!"
BMO says: "Oh, my face!"
Princess Bubblegum starts to play with BMO like an instrument, BMO laughs.
Jake says: "Let's see if you hacks can keep up with my raw talent!"
Jake begins to play his viola and Finn begins to beatbox.
The song I'm Just Your Problem begins.
The door glows brightly as it comes close to opening.
Finn says: "It's working!"
Finn says: "Look at the door!"
The song ends as Marceline loses her focus.
Marceline says: "..."
Marceline says: "To bury you in the ground..."
Marceline says: "and drink the blood from your..."
Marceline says: "Ugh!"
Door stops glowing.
Marceline says: "Stop staring at me!"
Marceline says: "Ugh, you threw me off!"
Finn says: "Come on, everybody!"
Finn says: "Don't stop now."
Finn says: "The door was responding to our music!"
Finn says: "I wonder what it liked or what was missing."
Jake says: "Well, I know what's missing."
Jake says: "Talent."
Jake says: "I'm getting out of here, you hacks!"
Jake says: "Talentless hacks!"
Marceline says: "Yikes."
Finn says: "Let's take a noodle break."
Finn says: "Come on, it will help!"
Marceline flies off.
Finn says: "No!"
Finn says: "Wait, don't go, too!"
Marceline says: "I'm just gonna get stuff to cook that."
Finn has already taken a bite of the noodle cake and puts his backpack back on.
Finn says: "Cook?"
Marceline flies back into the door from her house.
Princess Bubblegum says: "That was sweet what you said about being buds."
Finn says: "Mm-hmm."
Finn says: "Thanks."
BMO says: "Oh."
The sun goes down, Marceline takes off her sunhat and gloves, Finn sings A Song About Noodles and they laugh.
Princess Bubblegum says: "For our next attempt, I wanna be the lead."
Finn says: "Yeah!"
Finn says: "Sounds cool, my bud."
Jake comes back dressed like a punk rocker.
Jake says: "Hmph!"
Finn says: "Jake, you're back!"
Jake says: "Shut yo' face."
Jake says: "I came back for the music."
Princess Bubblegum says: "BMO, execute Sound Structure Alpha."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Marceline, begin playing triplet quavers in mixolydian mode."
Marceline says: "Alright, fine."
Marceline says: "Wait, what's a quaver?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Now, Finn, vibrate your uvula by dampening and undampening your larynx."
Finn says: "Wha?"
Princes Bubblegum says: "Go like this, silly."
Finn says: "Oh."
Finn says: "Whaaaa..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Okay, okay."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Jake, are you gonna join in?"
Jake smashes his viola, Marceline looks agitated.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Everyone, just stick to my blueprints."
BMO says: "Oohh..."
Finn says: "One more time?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I may have, um..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "miscalculated."
Marceline says: "Ha!"
Marceline says: "Looks like you aren't as perfect as you thought."
Marceline says: "Guess you can't judge me anymore."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I never said you had to be perfect!"
Finn says: "Alright, time out, guys."
Marceline spits on Princess Bubblegum causing her to recoil in shock and leave, with BMO following.
Finn says: "Princess!"
Finn says: "Princess, wait!"
Finn says: "Marceline?"
Jake says: "I'm just pretending!"
Finn says: "Jake!"
Finn says: "Everybody!"
Finn says: "We can beat the Door Lord!"
Finn says: "..."
Finn says: "Together."
Finn sings "My Best Friends in the World," reunites the band, and opens the door of the Door Lord. Inside the Door Lord is eating a sandwich.
Door Lord says: "Hmm?"
Door Lord says: "Hmmhmmhmm!"
Finn says: "It's over, Door Lord."
Jake says: "So hand over our stuff."
Door Lord says: "Hmmhmmhmmhmm."
Door Lord says: "Hmmhmmhmm hmmhmmhmmhmm hmmhmm hmmhmmhmmhmm."
Door Lord says: "Hmm!"
Finn says: "What's he trying to say?"
Marceline says: "I totally get it."
Marceline says: "He may have stolen our treasures..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "But by doing so, he showed us..."
Jake says: "..."
Jake says: "That the real treasure is friendship."
Door Lord says: "Mmmhmmhmm!"
Door Lord says: "Mmmhmm hmmhmmhmm."
The scene changes, the Door Lord has been beaten up and tied up.
Door Lord says: "Hmm..."
Jake says: "Okay, here's that lock of Bubblegum's hair you love so much."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, you."
Finn says: "Ah, yeesh."
Jake says: "And here's Jakey's blankey."
Jake says: "Here's your controller, BMO."
BMO says: "Yippie ki-yi-yay!"
Jake says: "Marceline, here's your rock shirt."
Marceline says: "Hey, that's not..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "It's mine!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "That's mine."
Marceline says: "You..."
Marceline says: "kept the shirt I gave you?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Yeah."
Princess Bubblegum says: "It, uh, means a lot to me."
Marceline says: "But you never wore it."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Dude, I wear it all the time..."
Princess Bubblegum says: "as pajamas."
Finn says: "Wait, if that's Bubblegum's shirt, what are you missing, Marceline?"
Marceline is dead silent.
Finn says: "Wait a second, wait a second!"
Finn says: "You don't have a thing!"
Finn says: "You just wanted to hang out with us!"
Marceline says: "No, I didn't!"
Finn says: "No way, you're caught!"
Finn says: "I figured you out!"
Marceline turns into a monster.
Marceline says: "I'll kill you!"
The episode ends with Finn, Jake, and Princess Bubblegum running away pursued by Marceline all laughing.