Finn and Jake are in the Ice Kingdom, sneaking past a penguin guard.
Finn says: "Our secret mission to capture the Ice King is underway."
Finn says: "Though I probably shouldn’t say stuff like that out loud."
Ice King is in bed solving a puzzle and mumbling when his doorbell rings and goes to the front door.
Jake says: "Should have stuck to your diet!"
Ice King says: "Oh, no, my crown has all my powers in it!"
Finn says: "Wrap attack!"
Jake is holding Ice King, who is bound, gagged, and struggling.
Jake says: "How about I swaddle you up like a sweet baby."
Jake wraps the Ice King up even more, who struggles all the more.
Finn says: "We finally captured the Ice King!"
Jake says: "Why'd we do this again?"
Finn says: "Princess explained it all when she sent us on the mission, remember?"
Flashback to the Tree Fort where Finn and Jake are talking to Princess Bubblegum via hologram.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Go capture the Ice King, and bring him to me."
Back in the present.
Jake says: "Hmm… That didn't really explain anything."
Finn says: "I'm sure she's got a good reason."
In a dark and gloomy Candy Kingdom.
Finn and Jake with the Ice King walk into the gloomy, fog covered streets.
Finn says: "Where is everybody?"
Jake says: "Yeah, this place is deserted, except for that guy."
Princess Bubblegum in a beak doctor mask comes walking towards them spraying fumigation gas.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Ich bin hier, Finn."
Finn and Jake scream; Princess Bubblegum takes off her mask and reveals herself.
Princess Bubblegum says: "It's me, the princess."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Did you bring him?"
Finn says: "Sure did."
Jake shows Ice King, who mumbles, and Princess Bubblegum smiles.
Finn says: "So, what did the Ice King do to—"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Ah-bababap!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "No time!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Now quickly, with me!"
They go to Princess Bubblegum's castle and walk up to a wall.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Ttubllaw!"
Stone face appears on the wall.
Stonesy says: "What's the password?"
Princess Bubblegum squeezes his cheeks.
Finn says: "Secret door!"
Jake says: "Secret door!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "This stairway leads to the dungeon where we'll toss that lousy Ice King!"
Finn says: "What awful thing did he do to get tossed in there?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Chhh, he didn't do anything."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Not a thing."
Finn says: "Wha?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "It's a long story, Finn."
Manfried says: "Princess Bubblegum, you're needed at once in the Grand Hall."
Princess Bubblegum says: "No!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "I need more time!"
Manfried says: "Gosh, I'm sorry."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Alright, alright, I have to go."
Princess Bubblegum says: "You two just guard the Ice King until I return  and be prepared to make him howl with pain."
Finn says: "You got it, princess!"
They go to the dungeon, an owl flies overhead as Finn, Jake, and Ice King stand around a table.
Ice King says: "Oh, this is a total rook!"
Jake says: "Settle down, prisoner!"
Jake says: "We gotta record your belongings."
Jake says: "One magical crown,  probably stolen."
Ice King says: "I didn't steal it!"
Ice King says: "I made that item!"
Ice King says: "…Made it with the magic that I stole!"
Ice King says: "So hand it over, or I'll strike menacing poses at you!"
Finn says: "Cool it, inmate!"
Ice King is in a jail cell with only two bars.
Ice King says: "These bars can't hold me forever!"
Ice King says: "Hey there's only like two of 'em."
Ice King says: "You fools have no business guarding prisoners."
Finn and Jake are putting on helmets.
Finn says: "Oh, yeah?!"
Finn says: "!"
Finn says: "Well how 'bout these helmets we found?"
Finn says: "And we got the Oculus of Rehabilitation!"
Ice King says: "Hmm?"
Ice King looks up and there is a giant eye looking at him.
Oculus says: "Be better!"
Finn says: "And the shelf of penitence!"
Ice King's crown is on a shelf sobbing with water coming from under it.
Ice King says: "How about you just hand me my crown."
Ice King says: "I'll create some ice bars."
Jake says: "Okay!"
Finn says: "No, Jake!"
Finn says: "It's a trick."
Ice King says: "I'm toying with you, ha ha, psychologically."
Finn and Jake have built a full set of bars for the jail cell.
Finn says: "Finished!"
Ice King says: "So what am I being charged with?"
Jake says: "Five counts of jerkateering."
Jake says: "Ha!"
Finn says: "Yeah, what does it matter?"
Ice King says: "Gah!"
Ice King says: "Of course it matters!"
Ice King says: "The way things work is first, I transgress your meaningless rules and then you maliciously persecute me!"
Finn says: "That makes sense."
Finn says: "You do bad stuff, we punish you."
Ice King says: "Fool!"
Ice King says: "You have disrupted that order, for—"
Ice King says: "are you ready for this?"
Ice King says: "—"
Ice King says: "I have committed no recent crime!"
Finn says: "Really?"
Ice King says: "I'm rockin' your worldview!"
Finn says: "Jake, he is starting to convince me we're doing a bad thing."
Jake says: "Dude,  be calmed by my saliva and think of all the terrible things he's done."
Finn says: "Yeah… yeah!"
Finn says: "You're still a jerk that deserves to be in jail."
Ice King says: "Oh, yeah?"
Ice King says: "You know who really deserves to be in jail?"
Ice King says: "I will show you the true jerks!"
Finn says: "Uhh, it's too dark."
Ice King says: "Behold!"
Ice King says: "Behold the true jerks!"
Finn says: "The jerks are us?"
Finn says: "Jake, am I going crazy?"
Finn says: "It seems like the Ice King is right about this."
Jake says: "The Candy Kingdom!"
Finn says: "No, it means much, much worse."
Turns to the jail cell where Ice King is in bed and opens the door.
Finn says: "On your feet."
Ice King says: "Is it time for my hour in the yard, boss?"
Finn says: "No, we're letting you go."
Finn says: "We decided that it's wrong to imprison you."
Ice King says: "This is a trick, huh?"
Finn says: "Get out of here before I change my mind!"
Jake says: "I'm glad that's all taken care of."
Finn says: "No, quite yet."
Finn goes into the cell and pull Jake inside with him and closes the door.
Finn says: "Sorry, but since we're the bad guys this time, we gotta go to jail."
Jake says: "This sucks."
Ice King says: "Hey!"
Finn shrieks.
Ice King says: "Get out of my room!"
Finn says: "You're still he—"
Finn says: "…Just get out of here, man!"
Ice King says: "So, you're really breaking me out?"
Finn says: "Like I said, it's wrong to imprison you."
Ice King says: "Oh, ho ho, slaps in disgust, eh?"
Ice King says: "Let's call them "Slappy D's"!"
Ice King says: "Okay, see you later, my bosoms!"
Finn says: "I am no man's bosom."
Ice King says: "Cast "Detect Secret Door"!"
Ice King says: "Wa ha ha ha!"
Just after he leaves, Princess Bubblegum pops out of a tunnel on the floor.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Sorry for the delay."
Jake says: "Man, there are a lot of secret door around here."
Princess Bubblegum says: "pain?"
Finn says: "Wow, she's so proud we did the right thing, she almost looks enraged."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Where is the Ice King?"
Outside Ice King is flying away.
Ice King says: "Finally!"
Ice King says: "Freedom and friends FOREVER!!!"
Back in the dungeon.
Princess Bubblegum says: "What have you done?!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "!"
Finn says: "What have we done?"
The cell door opens and Princess Bubblegum grab Finn and Jake.
Princess Bubblegum says: "I'll show you."
In the Grand Hall, Princess Bubblegum unveils a curtain.
Finn says: "AHHH!!!"
The room is full of Candy People, covered in ice and lying on cots, sick and spreading ice to other Candy People.
Starchie says: "Heah, even old Starchie's sick."
Princess Bubblegum says: "A plague of Freezer Burn Flu."
Finn says: "Ice King did this?"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Well, yes and no."
Flashback.
In the Candy Kingdom.
Princess Bubblegum says: "It happened 3 days ago."
Ice King flies overhead.
Ice King says: "Hey, hey, Princess, check out my new trick!"
Ice King says: "It's snowing it's snowing for you!"
Snow falls on the kingdom as the Candy People play in it.
Princess Bubblegum says: "We don't think he was trying to spread disease, but soon the entire kingdom was infect by his beard flakes."
Candy People turn blue and shiver, Princess Bubblegum is in her room reading.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Through my research, I quickly discovered that the only way to cure my people was to obtain the pained howls of the Ice King himself."
In the Ice Kingdom, Princess Bubblegum is riding Lady Rainicorn with a sound device over a mountain Ice King is on top of.
Princess Bubblegum says: "Please, I beseech your aid."
Princess Bubblegum says: "In the name of common decency!"
Ice King says: "So let me get this straight… You're hitting on me."
Princess Bubblegum says: "No!"
Lady Rainicorn says: "으으, 웃기시네!"
Lady Rainicorn says: "너는 우리 공주님과 판결 상대도 안 될 그런 가치없는 놈이야!"
Ice King says: "I think I heard the word "Virile" in there."
Ice King says: "Oh, she is definitely hitting on me."
Princess Bubblegum says: "No!"
Lady Rainicorn says: "말도 안 돼!"
Ice King says: "Be gone, you biddies!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "He had his chance to help and he did nothing!"
Ice King says: "Oh, my gosh, she came to me this time."
Flashback ends.
Princess Bubblegum says: "I had no choice but to try and take his wails by force."
Jake says: "By getting us to beat the tar out of him."
Finn says: "I can't just beat up the Ice King for nothing."
Finn says: "That's against my alignment."
Princess Bubblegum says: "I know, I know."
Princess Bubblegum says: "You're right."
Finn says: "But I'll get him to give up those howls."
Finn says: "Voluntarily."
Finn says: "I swear it."
Princess Bubblegum says: "Oh, thank you, Finn."
In the Ice Kingdom, Finn and Jake are running towards the Ice King's Castle.
Jake says: "Dude, how are we gonna get those howls?"
Finn says: "Oh, I gotta plan to trick him, but you won't like it."
Jake says: "That sounds ominous."
Jake says: "I don't like it!"
They enter the castle.
Finn says: "Ice King, come forth!"
Ice King says: "I'm coming forth!"
Ice King says: "Hee hee, is that the voice of friendship I hear?"
Ice King says: "So, are you fellas ready for game night?"
Finn says: "Game night?"
Finn says: "Well, that's weird."
Ice King says: "What?"
Ice King says: "Why?"
Finn says: "You do know how friends act, right?"
Finn says: "You've had friends before."
Ice King says: "I… yes?"
Finn says: "Yeah, so you know how friends are always howling in pain for each other."
Ice King says: "Yeah… right!"
Ice King says: "Everyone knows that!"
Finn says: "Will you howl for me, pal?"
Ice King says: "Oooh, of course, friend."
Ice King says: "Awoo-hehehehe!"
Ice King says: "Oh, I've got the sillies!"
Ice King says: "I couldn't possibly without giggling uncontrollably."
Ice King says: "I'm just so giddy about you being here!"
Ice King says: "Don't slip on me!"
A shrunken Jake jumps on Finn's shoulder.
Jake says: "We're out of options."
Jake says: "Let's just beat it out of him."
Finn says: "No, Jake!"
Finn says: "Grrr… Biscuits, now's my chance!"
Ice King says: "You know, I carved these game pieces from my own teeth."
Ice King says: "Huh?"
Ice King says: "Crying?!"
Ice King says: "!"
Finn says: "Boo hoo."
Finn says: "You hit me, Ice King."
Finn says: "I don't think I could live any more knowing my best bosom hit me."
Ice King says: "I was only saving you from poo poo palms!"
Finn says: "I'm dying because I know you care not for me."
Ice King says: "No!"
Ice King says: "No, my…my bosom!"
Ice King says: "What hath I done?!"
Ice King says: "!"
Ice King says: "My friend!"
Ice King says: "My only friend."
Jake says: "Hey, what about me?"
Ice King says: "Why?!"
Ice King says: "!"
Ice King says: "Why?!"
Ice King says: "!"
Ice King says: "WHY?!!!"
Ice King says: "!!!"
The scream is so loud it reaches the Candy Kingdom, where the ice falls off the sickened Candy People.
Starchie says: "Starchie's feeling healthy again!"
Starchie says: "A bit too healthy if you ask me."
More Candy People are cured.
Princess Bubblegum says: "They're all getting better!"
Princess Bubblegum says: "Finn and Jake did it!"
Back in the Ice Kingdom.
Ice King says: "WHY?!!!"
Ice King says: "!!!"
Ice King says: "… Ah, well."
Ice King says: "Gunter!"
Ice King says: "Dispose of Finn's carcass."
Finn pops up.
Finn says: "Harumph."
Jake says: "Good job!"
Finn says: "Did you see how fast he dropped my lifeless body?"
Finn says: "That's just mean."
Jake says: "Finn, if I came across your lifeless body, I'd clasp you dramatically for a kajillion years."
Finn says: "Thanks, man."
Jake says: "Hey, why wait?!"
Jake says: "!"
Jake says: "Play dead, Finn!"
Finn plays dead and jumps into Jake's arms and Jake hops away on the mountain tops toward the Candy Kingdom.
Jake says: "Why?!"
Jake says: "!"
Jake says: "Heh heh heh heh."
Jake says: "Why?!"
Jake says: "!"
Jake says: "Heh heh heh heh."
Jake says: "Why?!"
Jake says: "!"
The episode ends with the Adventure Time logo.
Finn says: "Adventure time!"
Jake says: "Adventure time!"